UNK: I would like my personal effects returned to me now.
Gates : Take a peek at this.
Gates : It's Zhang's personnel file.
Gates : She's more than just some cop.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
UNK: That US-Chinese task force,
Beckett : she's not just on it, she's running it?
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : Commendations, citations. Oh, my God, she is impressive.
UNK: Well, sure, on paper.
Beckett : What about the way she schooled Ryan and Esposito?
UNK: Was that just on paper?
UNK: Captain, I have been thinking about your proposal,
Zhang : and I do see the advantage of us working together.
Zhang : Does the offer still stand?
UNK: Yes.
Zhang : Okay. Then let's start with this.
Zhang : You had mentioned that before Henry died,
Zhang : he had gone to lunch and returned upset.
UNK: I found that receipt in his pocket.
Beckett : From The Jade Temple restaurant in Chinatown.
UNK: It's time-stamped yesterday afternoon.
Gates : Why don't the three of you check it out?
UNK: See if there is anything about his lunch
Gates : that can explain why he got killed.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hi, I'm Castle. We're partners.
Castle : We're also married.
Zhang : Interesting arrangement. Yeah.
UNK: This is gonna be fun, this little threesome here.
UNK: Investigatively speaking. I don't wanna... Didn't mean to...
Castle : I'm not trying to imply that anything...
Beckett : Quit while you're behind.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Oh, thank you. Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Mei Wu : Hello, table for three?
Beckett : Uh, no. Not today. Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Mimi Tan : You are the police? I'm Mimi Tan. This is my establishment.
UNK: Mimi Tan : What can I do for you?
Castle : We'd like to ask you some questions about one of your customers.
Mimi : Oh, not one of my customers, he's my number-one customer.
Mimi : Henry eats here every day.
Zhang : Not anymore.
Zhang : He was murdered.
Mimi : This is tragic.
Beckett : When Henry was here yesterday,
Beckett : did he say that anything was wrong,
Beckett : or that he was having problems with anyone?
Mimi : No, I don't think so.
UNK: Her.
Zhang : Was she working here yesterday?
UNK: Suyin? Yes.
UNK: I'll go talk to her. I'll go talk to her.
Castle : What if I just stay here and wait?
Beckett : Uh, yeah.
UNK: Suyin? Detective Beckett, NYPD. We'd like a word.
UNK: Zhu Yin : I don't want trouble.
Beckett : No, no, you're not in any trouble.
Beckett : We just need to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Zhu Yin : I know nothing. I must work now.
Beckett : She knows more than she's letting on.
Beckett : It's like she's afraid to talk to us.
Zhang : Us, or perhaps you.