Castle : Look, you're idealizing Zhang.
Castle : You're comparing yourself to a version of her that doesn't even exist.
Castle : She is a human, like the rest of us, flaws and all.
UNK: Not some infallible super-cop who swoops in every time to save the day.
Ryan : Hey, Zhang just got a lead that could crack this case.
Beckett : You were saying?
Zhang : I was scanning surveillance video of Henry's apartment complex,
Zhang : trying to piece together the timeline
Zhang : on the day he died, when I saw this.
UNK: That's Henry. Note the time.
UNK: 2 : 37 p.m.
Beckett : Meaning after Henry left the repo yard, he went back home.
Zhang : Except he didn't stay.
Zhang : Five minutes later, he left his apartment complex.
Zhang : Watch what happens next.
Castle : Before he was killed, Henry Graham was kidnapped!
Esposito : Tech was able to pull the numbers off the license plate.
Esposito : The SUV is registered to a William "Billy" Hicks.
Ryan : According to my buddies at Narcotics,
UNK: this guy is hardcore.
Ryan : Every year, he makes their top 20 list for drug dealers,
Ryan : but they've never been able to nail him,
Ryan : mostly because he has other guys do his dirty work.
Zhang : I know this man.
Zhang : Billy Hicks started Henry on a life of crime, hired him as an enforcer.
Zhang : He's the reason that Henry went to prison.
Castle : Well, then he's probably the reason Henry was murdered.
Zhang : But Henry hasn't worked for Hicks in almost 10 years.
Zhang : Why would Hicks come after him now?
Beckett : Maybe Henry knew too much.
Beckett : About Hicks and the organization.
Beckett : That's probably why Glassman approached him at The Jade Temple.
Beckett : The FBI is building a case against Hicks.
Castle : And Glassman wanted Henry to roll.
Beckett : You know, if Henry refused,
Beckett : that explains why Glassman and he fought.
Zhang : It doesn't matter if he refused.
Zhang : If a man like Hicks thought Henry was talking to the FBI,
Zhang : he would stop at nothing to protect his empire
Zhang : and eliminate the threat.
Beckett : Where do we find Hicks?
Esposito : He operates out of a gym he owns in Queens, O'Donnell's Boxing.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
Gates : Detective, wait. I need a word with you.
Gates : You can't go after Hicks.
Beckett : Why not?
UNK: Orders straight from 1 PP.
Beckett : Did they say why?
Gates : Just that it's a federal matter.
Beckett : So I'm right.
Beckett : Hicks is being investigated by the feds.
Gates : And they don't want us screwing up their case.
Beckett : Sir, he could be our killer.
Gates : They are aware of that. They need us to wait.
Beckett : For how long?
Gates : Until indictments come down.
Zhang : And when exactly do they expect these indictments?
Zhang : Days? Weeks? Months?
Beckett : We don't know.
Beckett : But until then, we've been ordered
Beckett : to stand down from this investigation.
Zhang : What are you saying?
Zhang : That my friend is dead and I can do nothing?
Zhang : Is that what you're telling me, Detective Beckett?
Zhang : Where is the justice in that?
Beckett : She's not wrong.
Castle : Look, even though we can't approach Hicks,
Castle : we can build a case, gather evidence against him.
Ryan : We'll start by combing street cams,
Ryan : see if we can find out where that SUV went after Henry was taken.
UNK: And I'll send a team to the crime scene to canvass the park,
Esposito : see if anyone remembers seeing that SUV.
Castle : You know, we should talk to Zhang,
Beckett : see what else she knows about Henry and Hicks.
UNK: Zhang?
Beckett : You guys, did Zhang circle back through here?
Esposito : No. She stormed off that way, didn't she?
UNK: Yeah. Oh, you don't think...