Gladys : - This is just so terrible. - Henry was such a decent man.
Gladys : I wish all my tenants were like him.
Ryan : I'm sure you do.
Ryan : Ma'am, have you seen this woman before?
UNK: Well, I believe I have.
Esposito : Here? In this building?
Gladys : Why, yes. We passed each other in the hall.
Gladys : She was headed for Henry's unit.
Ryan : When was this?
UNK: Oh, about 10 minutes ago.
Gladys : Ten minutes ago?
UNK: Or maybe less.
Gladys : Does she have something to do with what happened to Henry?
Ryan : Ma'am, what's Henry's apartment number?
Gladys : Uh, 517.
UNK: Bedroom. Yeah.
UNK: Chief Inspector Zhang : Now hand me your backup weapon.
Esposito : Here's his backup. Drop it.
Esposito : You better think this through.
UNK: We're cops.
Zhang : So am I.
Zhang : Hong Kong PD.
Zhang : Now who's the lead investigator on this case?
Beckett : You're awfully far from Hong Kong,
Beckett : Chief Inspector Zhang.
Zhang : Are these handcuffs truly necessary?
Beckett : You attacked two NYPD detectives.
Zhang : Only because I had no idea they were police.
Castle : So, you mean to tell me she got both your guns?
Ryan : Hey, you weren't there.
Ryan : She's fast.
Ryan : I mean, like, crazy fast.
UNK: Please. She ain't all that.
UNK: And yet she got both your guns.
Beckett : It says here that you are a part of
Beckett : a US-Chinese organized crime task force
Beckett : based in San Francisco.
Beckett : What are you doing in New York?
Zhang : Detective, let's cut to the chase, shall we?
Zhang : I am not the murderer.
Beckett : So, do you always make a habit of finding dead bodies
Beckett : and relieving them of their belongings?
Zhang : I know Henry. Rather, I knew him.
UNK: How?
Zhang : It's complicated.
Beckett : Was he involved in one of your investigations?
Zhang : He was a friend.
Zhang : We hadn't seen each other in years.
Zhang : We made plans to meet here, in the city,
Zhang : and then he called me and told me he couldn't come.
Zhang : He sounded frightened.
Zhang : I asked him what was going on
Zhang : and he told me he was in trouble.
Beckett : What kind of trouble? He wouldn't say.
Zhang : I called back, he never answered.
Zhang : I was worried, so I flew out right away.
Beckett : How did you end up at the crime scene?
Zhang : When Henry didn't return my calls,
Zhang : I had a colleague in San Francisco ping his cell.
Beckett : So you found him in the park?
Zhang : When I got there, he was already dead.
Zhang : So I took his phone and his keys,
Zhang : and I began to investigate.
Beckett : And why didn't you call us from the crime scene?
Zhang : 'Cause I didn't wanna waste my time
Zhang : having this conversation.
UNK: My friend has been murdered. I have to find out who did it.
Beckett : No. I do.
UNK: Detective, I just got off with the TSA.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Chief Inspector Zhang's flight didn't arrive until midnight.
Beckett : Which is when Henry was killed.
Gates : She couldn't have done it.
Zhang : Now may I go?
Gates : As long as you promise that you're not gonna work this case.
Zhang : That's a promise I cannot make.
Zhang : And you no longer have cause to hold me.
Beckett : Chief Inspector,
Gates : in the interest of all parties,
Gates : perhaps you should consider working with us.