Ryan : Probably set a personal best.
UNK: Our killer's a "she"?
UNK: Asian female, mid-30s, well-dressed...
Castle : Doesn't fit the profile of a typical mugger.
Ryan : Neither does the stuff that she took from the vic's pockets.
Ryan : She made off with his cell phone and his keys,
Ryan : but left his wallet and 200 bucks in cash.
Beckett : So this was more than just a late-night stick-up.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Well, why don't we get the witness together with a sketch artist?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Already in the works.
UNK: Javier Esposito : And to hear the jogger tell it,
UNK: this chick was cool as can be.
UNK: Javier Esposito : She may be a pro.
UNK: Does raise the question,
UNK: what was Henry doing here so late at night?
Ryan : Waiting for someone.
Ryan : CSU found cigarette butts that match the pack in his pocket.
Esposito : And if he was up to no good, it wouldn't be his first time.
Esposito : He did a nickel at Elmira for aggravated assault,
Esposito : got out a few years ago.
Beckett : He's still got his work uniform on.
Beckett : So let's see if anyone at Go Quick Towing knows how he wound up here.
Esposito : Let's go.
UNK: He wasn't on the job, I could tell you that.
UNK: We didn't have any pick-ups out that way,
UNK: so I don't know what he was doing there.
Beckett : Well, who would? Did he have any family?
UNK: He doesn't.
UNK: He didn't even have a girl, I don't think.
UNK: Poor guy. I don't know, I just...
UNK: I just can't get over it. Uh...
UNK: Henry was my top driver. Just a real stand-up guy.
Castle : Even though he had a record? So do I.
UNK: There's not a lot of jobs out there for ex-cons.
UNK: But Henry, he, uh, he was out of the life,
UNK: so I gave him a shot and I never regretted it.
Beckett : Did he have problems with anyone that you know of?
UNK: Oh, yeah. Henry got threatened every day.
Castle : He did? By whom?
UNK: All kinds of people. Waving bats, knives, guns, you name it.
Beckett : Wait a minute. I thought that he was a tow-truck driver.
UNK: Specializing in vehicle recovery.
Castle : Henry was a repo man.
UNK: And folks aren't that excited when we take their cars away.
Beckett : So these threats that he got,
Beckett : did any of them ever come from an Asian woman?
UNK: Not that I can remember.
UNK: But, listen, Detective,
UNK: some of the people we deal with are pissed off.
UNK: But they're mad at the banks, not us.
UNK: I mean, I can't believe anyone
UNK: would hunt Henry down to kill him.
Beckett : Still, we'll need a list of the repos.
UNK: Yeah, sure.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
UNK: Maybe this has something to do
Gladys : with what happened yesterday at lunch.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Well, he went out to lunch like he normally does.
UNK: And when he came back, he was all shook up.
Castle : What about?
Zhang : He wouldn't say.
UNK: He left mid-shift, without a word,
UNK: and, well, he left the yard, didn't come back.
Hicks : And that was the last I ever saw him.
Beckett : And where exactly did he go to lunch?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: But there was something else he did that was strange.
UNK: My alarm guy told me that Henry
UNK: was asking for access codes
UNK: to a 2013 X5 a few days ago.
Castle : What was strange about that?
UNK: We don't have any 2013 X5s on our repo list.
Beckett : So I spoke to Henry's colleagues.
Beckett : None of them knows where he went to lunch yesterday
Beckett : or why he was asking for the X5 codes.
Castle : Maybe our repo man was actually stealing cars.
Castle : He clearly had the skill set.
Beckett : Yeah, but from everything that everyone said,
Beckett : including Henry's former parole officer,
Beckett : he was just a stand-up citizen.
UNK: Yes, that's because he was concealing his car-stealing ways.
Castle : Even his boss said he was a very private guy.
Castle : So, unbeknownst to anyone,
Castle : Henry sets his eyes on an X5,
Castle : he gets the alarm codes.
Castle : But, in a fateful error,
UNK: he steals an X5 belonging to this woman, a Triad assassin.
Beckett : An assassin? Really? Again?
Castle : Come on, this time it fits.
UNK: And how does it fit?
Beckett : He steals her car and she kills him?
Beckett : Why doesn't she just put in an insurance claim and call it a day?
Castle : Ah! Because it wasn't about the car.
Castle : See, when Henry stole the vehicle,
Castle : he took something of value from the inside.
Castle : That's what the assassin was trying to retrieve from his pocket.
Beckett : And said stolen item was...
Castle : Cold fusion technology, genetically engineered super-virus,
Castle : some secret unpublished Harry Potter manuscript.
UNK: Actually, one thing that you said does make sense.
Beckett : One thing?
Becket : The X5 might have something to do with Henry's death.
Castle : You know what? I'm gonna call Auto Theft
Becket : and see if there are any reported stolen X5s recently.
Castle : From a Triad assassin.
Beckett : She's not a Triad assassin.
UNK: We don't know that.