Beckett : I'm going out with Zhang tonight.
Beckett : You are? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: This, um... Do you think that's a good idea?
Beckett : Yeah. I mean, we're working together,
Beckett : we should get to know each other better.
Beckett : Anyway, don't wait up for me, okay?
UNK: Bye.
Esposito : Take a seat, Castle.
Ryan : Let me tell you a little something about life.
Ryan : You see what you did there, Castle,
Ryan : rookie mistake.
Castle : What'd I do?
Ryan : You tried to stop her.
Ryan : I mean, Jenny,
Ryan : she's got her girls' nights
Ryan : and I'm totally fine with that.
Ryan : You see, in a marriage,
Ryan : you have to give your partner some space.
Castle : Okay, Ryan.
UNK: Uh, this is my third marriage.
Castle : I think I know what I'm doing.
Ryan : Richard, why don't you want her to go?
UNK: Guys, it's no secret that Zhang is accomplished.
Castle : And Beckett admires her for that.
Castle : Even envies her.
Castle : So, if they hang out, I'm just afraid
UNK: it's gonna be some weird competition.
Ryan : Come on. Beckett would never do that.
Esposito : Yeah, bro. This is Beckett we're talking about.
Esposito : It's a girls' night out. There won't be a competition.
Zhang : Not bad.
Beckett : Thanks. I'm, uh, a little rusty, though.
Zhang : Me, too. I haven't been to a range in six months.
Beckett : That's after six months?
Zhang : It's hard to find time to practice
Zhang : with my duties in Hong Kong, San Fran, The Hague.
Beckett : Wait a minute, you work at The Hague?
Zhang : With the International War Crimes Tribunal.
Zhang : Trust me, it's not as glamorous as it sounds.
Zhang : But when you reach the peak of a mountain,
Zhang : it's time to scale another one, right?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So, uh, team leader, a wife, a mom.
Beckett : Isn't it a struggle to do it all?
Zhang : The trick is to not struggle, but to find balance.
Zhang : The moment you think it's a struggle, that's when you fall.
Beckett : You know, there's one thing that doesn't add up, though.
Ryan : I mean, given who you are, it's...
Zhang : How Henry and I know each other.
Zhang : Because we come from such different worlds?
UNK: Exactly.
Zhang : My parents worked as house staff
Zhang : for the Chinese Mission to the UN.
Zhang : I ended up in public school here in the city.
Zhang : I didn't speak much English, got bullied for it.
Zhang : Henry stood up for me.
Zhang : I couldn't stop what he became,
Zhang : but we never stopped being friends.
UNK: Somehow, the fact that you did this
Castle : makes you even more attractive.
Beckett : Yeah? Well, tell it to Zhang.
Castle : This is her target?
UNK: And she has 10 others just like it.
Castle : Oh, well, so she's a good shot. Big deal.
Beckett : She's good at everything.
Beckett : She's got an incredible career,
UNK: movie-star husband, perfect kids.
Beckett : She does it all, she has it all,
Beckett : and to top it off, she's gorgeous.
Castle : Yeah, she is.
Beckett : Wait a minute, you think she's gorgeous?
UNK: I was just agreeing with you.
Beckett : Okay, but did you think it before I said it?
UNK: No?
Beckett : Oh, my God, Castle.
Beckett : I haven't felt like this since I had pimples.
Beckett : I'm insecure.
Castle : You're not insecure.
Beckett : Wait. If I'm not insecure, then why'd you say what you just said?
UNK: Ah, okay, look. You're doing it again.
Castle : It's Patterson syndrome. I knew it was a bad idea for you to go out with her.
Beckett : No, no, Castle, I just wanted to see what made Zhang tick.
Castle : You know, how she achieved what she did,
Beckett : so maybe that could help me move forward.
Castle : Kate, you don't need her help.
Castle : You're doing just fine.
Beckett : Yeah, but when you reach the peak of one mountain,
Beckett : isn't it time to scale another one?
Castle : That sounds like something Zhang would say. Are you quoting her?
UNK: No.