Castle : taking a bullet for other people doing stupid things.
Castle : Hell, she's married to me.
UNK: But, uh, you super-cops need to stick together, right?
Gladys : What happened?
UNK: Uh, I told her that you left before you knew Hicks was off-limits.
Zhang : Did she believe you?
UNK: She chose to believe me.
Zhang : Thank you, Detective.
Beckett : Well, the best way to thank me is to help us solve the case.
Ryan : Hey, so, we got a hit off that canvass.
Ryan : Unis, they found a street vendor
Ryan : who works near the corner of 53rd and 1st
Ryan : who saw Henry loitering around a residential parking garage
Ryan : the day of the murder.
Esposito : Seeing that Henry's a repo man,
Esposito : we contacted the building manager
Esposito : to get a list of all the vehicles parked there.
Ryan : And one of them was a 2013 X5.
Castle : Those alarm codes that Henry requested.
Beckett : Who owns the car?
UNK: This guy, Jeffrey Wadlow.
Ryan : He's a wealthy businessman in property development
Ryan : with a history of drug charges.
UNK: That his high-powered attorneys always got dismissed.
Ryan : Until the other day,
Ryan : because after receiving an anonymous tip to the police
Ryan : that Wadlow was selling drugs,
Ryan : they pulled him over and found half a kilo of cocaine
UNK: separated out into eight-balls stashed inside the car.
Zhang : That means Henry wasn't selling drugs, he was planting them.
Castle : Yeah, but why?
Beckett : Is there a connection between Henry and Wadlow?
Epsosito : Not that we could find.
Beckett : Where's Wadlow now?
UNK: At Central Booking, awaiting arraignment
Ryan : for felony distribution charges.
UNK: Henry Wadlow : Who the hell is Henry Graham?
Beckett : Come on, Mr. Wadlow.
Beckett : I've got detectives digging into your life
Beckett : looking for ties between the two of you.
UNK: And it's gonna be worse for you
Zhang : if you say you don't know Henry and we find out you do.
Wadlow : But I don't know him.
Beckett : So why would he plant drugs in your car?
UNK: Yes!
Wadlow : I told the cops they were planted.
UNK: Finally, someone who believes me!
Wadlow : Hey, hey, if you know it was this guy,
Wadlow : then I can get out of here, right?
Zhang : Not when you reached out and hired someone to murder Henry.
UNK: Murder?
Wadlow : I would never have someone killed,
UNK: Billy Hicks : especially someone I've never even seen before.
Zhang : If you don't know Henry, then why would he try to frame you?
Wadlow : I have no idea. Maybe somebody put him up to it.
Beckett : - Like who? - I don't know.
Wadlow : Maybe somebody who...
Wadlow : Somebody who doesn't like the way I do business.
Wadlow : A competitor, maybe?
Beckett : Who stands to gain by you going to prison, Mr. Wadlow?
Wadlow : A whole lot of people.
Beckett : Wadlow's in the clear for the murder.
Beckett : He was locked up at the time of the death.
Zhang : Could he have ordered Henry's execution while detained?
Beckett : He made one phone call. To his lawyer.
Beckett : And he didn't manage to get through until Henry was already dead.
UNK: Yo, Beckett. We were combing through Wadlow's business dealings
Esposito : and we came across something that might be connected to our case.
Ryan : Over the past six months, Wadlow's been buying up real estate
Ryan : for his next new development in Chinatown.
Ryan : And each time he did, he outbid the same rival company.
Esposito : VCN Holdings.
Esposito : And the woman who runs VCN
Esposito : also happens to own a little restaurant called The Jade Temple.
Castle : Mimi Tan is behind this?
Esposito : That's right. It's one of dozens of businesses she owns,
Esposito : and not all of them are on the up and up.
Ryan : Organized Crime tells us
Ryan : that Mimi Tan's rumored to be linked to human trafficking.
Esposito : She staffs her businesses
Esposito : with illegals that she smuggles
Esposito : from China via a network of Triads.
Ryan : But now she's looking to go legit and she sees
UNK: that Chinatown development as her ticket to respectability.
Zhang : So the fact that Henry was eating at her restaurant every day
UNK: is not a coincidence.
UNK: Mimi must've persuaded her number-one customer
Castle : to plant those drugs on Wadlow to eliminate the competition.
Beckett : And then once Henry completed his task,
Beckett : Mimi had him eliminated.
Zhang : Only, how do we prove it?
UNK: We're gonna need something stronger
Beckett : than just the lunch special.
Ryan : Well, ask and ye shall receive.
Ryan : Do you remember that phenol-formaldehyde resin
Ryan : that the lab found on the bottom of Henry's shoes?
Ryan : Well, it might have come from a garment factory
UNK: a few blocks away from the park where Henry was shot.
Castle : What makes you say that?
Ryan : Because that factory is owned by Mimi Tan.
Mimi : Hello again. Joining us for dinner this time, I hope?
Becket : Uh, no. Not tonight.
Becket : Actually, we were hoping that you could help us a little more
Becket : with Henry's murder investigation.
Hicks : Of course. Whatever I can do to help.
Ryan : Jeffrey Wadlow.
Beckett : Do you know him? He's a local developer.
Mimi : I know of him. Very unscrupulous.
Zhang : Perhaps so.
Zhang : He was arrested for drug charges the other day.
Mimi : How unfortunate for him.
Zhang : And how fortunate for you.
UNK: If Wadlow goes to prison, all his recent real estate deals fall apart.
Beckett : Making room for your company to swoop in