UNK: Her dialect indicates that she's from the Chongqing region.
Zhang : The police corruption is rampant there.
Zhang : Let me talk to her in her native language, put her at ease.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Um, did she just take over your interview?
UNK: Yeah.
Gates : She's more than qualified, Castle.
UNK: Did you know that she was the youngest officer
Beckett : to become chief inspector?
Beckett : She has cleared more murders than anyone in Hong Kong PD history.
Castle : Okay, so she's good at her job.
Beckett : Not just that.
Beckett : Take a look at her husband. Action movie star.
Castle : Yes, well, I'm a highly-paid novelist.
Beckett : What about the kids?
Beckett : Cute, huh?
Castle : I've seen cuter. That's...
Castle : Please, tell me you're not comparing yourself to her.
Castle : Oh. We're...
Zhang : She said there was an incident yesterday.
Zhang : Customer refused to order lunch.
Zhang : He said he was waiting for someone.
Zhang : Apparently, he just checked his email until Henry arrived.
Zhang : He joined Henry at his table. An argument broke out.
Zhang : And he finally left,
Zhang : but not before he told Henry,
UNK: "You cannot walk away from this."
UNK: Does Suyin know what they were fighting about?
Zhang : No. She didn't get a good look at him.
Zhang : She said he was white, 40s, average height, average weight.
Zhang : Is there a password required for the Wi-Fi?
UNK: Mei Wu : No. Wi-Fi is free.
Beckett : What are you thinking?
Zhang : If the man connected his phone to the Wi-Fi,
Zhang : the router would have logged his unique MAC address.
Zhang : We can use that and track his name.
Beckett : Did you see that?
UNK: She might've just broken this case with a Wi-Fi sign.
Castle : Yes, yes. I'm impressed. Are you happy?
Beckett : No, Castle. She's just like me. Only better.
Zhang : So I traced all the devices that used the restaurant's Wi-Fi
Zhang : during the time Henry was there.
Zhang : Only one is owned by a man fitting our suspect's description.
Zhang : Michael Glassman.
Castle : Good, we should send a copy of this over to Suyin.
Zhang : I already did. And she positively identified him
Zhang : as the one Henry was having the argument with.
Beckett : Does Glassman have a criminal record?
Zhang : Actually, quite the opposite.
Beckett : Wait a minute, is this right?
Castle : What? Who's this guy?
Beckett : He's an FBI agent.
Beckett : Agent Glassman.
Beckett : Hi, I'm Detective Beckett, this is Mr. Castle.
UNK: Hello.
Beckett : Thank you for coming in.
UNK: Well, we're on the same team, right?
UNK: Agent Michael Glassman : Law enforcement synergy.
UNK: Agent Michael Glassman : So what can I do for the NYPD?
Beckett : We're looking into the death of Henry Graham
UNK: and we were hoping that you could fill in the blanks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Henry Graham?
Glassman : I'm afraid that name doesn't ring a bell.
Castle : Uh, this man right here.
Castle : You don't recognize him?
Mimi : No, I don't.
Beckett : Agent Glassman, we know that you had contact with our victim.
Beckett : You were seen with him yesterday,
Beckett : at The Jade Temple restaurant, together.
Beckett : Having a heated argument.
Glassman : Somebody gave you a bum tip.
Glassman : I was never at any Jade Temple.
Castle : Your phone was.
Castle : Along with someone who bore a striking resemblance to you.
Beckett : And then, hours later, Henry ended up dead.
Beckett : Where were you at midnight last night?
Glassman : Trust me, Detective Beckett, you do not wanna go there.
UNK: Well, so much for law enforcement synergy.
UNK: He out-and-out lied about knowing Henry.
Castle : He's in this thing up to his bolo tie.
UNK: Only we don't know what this is.
UNK: You know, I'm gonna see if Captain Gates can talk to the Bureau.
Beckett : Maybe she can shake some info loose.
UNK: How about you? Do you have anything?
UNK: Uh, yeah, but I'm not quite sure what to make of it yet.
Ryan : The lab found a phenol-formaldehyde resin
UNK: at the bottom of Henry's shoes.
UNK: Formaldehyde? Like, for embalming?
Ryan : Yeah. For embalming, making circuit boards,
Ryan : treatment of fabrics, all kinds of stuff.
Ryan : They think that he must've been somewhere
Ryan : where that chemical was used right before he died.
Castle : Maybe he stepped in the formaldehyde right before he stole the X5.
Esposito : He didn't jack any X5. I checked.
Esposito : There were no X5s reported stolen.
UNK: So what was he doing with those alarm codes?
UNK: And if Henry left work at 2 : 00 p.m., showed up dead at midnight,
Beckett : he's unaccounted for for 10 hours.
Beckett : So where was he during that time?
Esposito : Well, he didn't own a car,
Esposito : so I'll check the activity on his Metro and credit cards.
Esposito : See if he went anywhere.
Ryan : I'll circle back with his neighbors, see if they saw him.
Beckett : Okay. Call me if you guys find anything.
UNK: Yeah. Whew.
Castle : For a second there,
UNK: I thought I was gonna get stuck doing thankless grunt work tonight.
UNK: Castle.
Esposito : We're standing right here.
UNK: Richard Castle : - What? - Oh, tonight?
Beckett : Sorry. Um, I forgot to tell you.