Hicks : Say goodbye, sister, 'cause I am pressing charges.
UNK: Now arrest this crazy bitch!
Beckett : Right after I arrest you.
Hicks : For what?
Beckett : We have a video of you abducting
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Henry Graham outside of his apartment.
UNK: Abduct? We gave him a ride.
Zhang : By forcing him into your SUV?
Hicks : Come on, that was a gag.
Hicks : Okay, my boys were just messing with him.
Hicks : We do that stuff all the time. Ask Henry.
UNK: That's gonna be hard, seeing as you killed him.
Hicks : Wait. Henry's dead?
Hicks : Okay, I had nothing to do with that. All I did was help him.
Beckett : Help him with what?
UNK: You don't wanna talk to me? Fine. You can talk to her.
Castle : Okay, look.
Hicks : He came to me last week needing a favor.
UNK: What kind of a favor?
Hicks : Let's just say he wanted something.
Beckett : What did he want?
UNK: Hypothetically?
Beckett : Yeah, fine. Hypothetically.
UNK: Let say, and this is just an example,
UNK: that he'd wanted half a kilo of coke.
Zhang : Why would Henry need cocaine?
Hicks : Let's just assume, in this particular example,
Hicks : that he said he was trying to help
Hicks : a friend get out of a bad situation.
UNK: Who is the friend, and what were they gonna do with the coke?
Hicks : Maybe he didn't say and I didn't ask.
Hicks : Maybe I told him he shouldn't get back in the game.
Hicks : It's too dangerous. But he said it was just a one-time deal.
Zhang : You're lying.
Zhang : Henry would never sell drugs. Hey, hey! Zhang! Zhang!
Hicks : Maybe we're talking about different Henrys.
Hicks : Because the one in my example asked for it
Hicks : to be divided into smaller eight-balls.
Hicks : Look, Detective, Henry served me well back in the day.
Hicks : When the shipment was ready,
Hicks : I had him picked up, not abducted.
Hicks : I gave him the coke he needed.
Hicks : He was so grateful, he even told me
Hicks : about the feds watching my place,
Hicks : how they saw him leave here last week.
Hicks : And they tried to get him to roll on me.
Hicks : Hypothetically, of course.
Hicks : And that was the last I've heard of him.
Beckett : Let's just say that you're telling the truth.
Beckett : Did he tell you where he was going with the drugs?
UNK: No.
Hicks : But when my boys took him back to the city, he didn't go home.
Hicks : He wanted out on 53rd and 1st.
UNK: Yeah, Ryan. Look, Hicks could be lying about everything.
UNK: We still gotta send a patrol to canvass 53rd and 1st, just in case.
UNK: Yeah. Look for witnesses. Thanks.
Zhang : They should also pull traffic camera footage of the area.
Beckett : That is not your call. Not anymore.
Beckett : What the hell were you thinking?
Zhang : I did what I had to.
Beckett : Without any regard for the feds, for the NYPD, for me.
Beckett : Is that what you call "being balanced"?
UNK: Okay, you wanna know about being balanced?
Zhang : My husband and I are separated,
Zhang : I am not the mother I should be.
Zhang : You think I'm this amazing cop,
Zhang : that I have it all together, but I don't.
Zhang : I'm the reason that Henry's dead.
UNK: What are you talking about?
UNK: He called the other week. He left a message saying that
Zhang : he needed my help.
Zhang : I didn't think it was important,
Zhang : so I didn't call him back right away,
Zhang : and when I did, it was too late.
Zhang : He told me no one could help him anymore.
Beckett : That's why you hopped on that plane?
Zhang : Growing up, Henry was always there for me,
Zhang : protecting me.
Zhang : And when he needed me, I was too busy.
Zhang : I am always too busy for everything that really matters.
Zhang : That's why I need to do this. Not just for Henry, for me.
UNK: Gates.
Zhang : Who is it?
Zhang : This is all my fault.
Castle : It sure is.
Zhang : I'm going in. She shouldn't take the blame for...
UNK: Uh, she wouldn't take it if she didn't want to.
Castle : Believe me, Beckett has plenty of experience