Beckett : and buy numerous Chinatown properties.
Mimi : And what does this have to do with Henry's death?
Beckett : You enlisted Henry to plant those drugs in Wadlow's car
Beckett : to get rid of your competition.
Mimi : - That's absurd. - Is it?
UNK: We found phenol-formaldehyde resin under Henry's shoe,
Beckett : the same kind that's used at your garment factory near the crime scene.
Zhang : We talked to several of your workers
Zhang : who saw you with Henry at the factory the night he was murdered.
Mimi : I want to talk to my lawyer now.
Zhang : Why did you do it? To tie up loose ends? Is that it?
Mimi : I'm not saying another word until...
UNK: Zhu Yin : It was you! You killed him! You!
UNK: Wait! Hey! Settle down. All right, stop it!
Zhang : Henry didn't come here for the food.
Zhang : He came here for you.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He was going to take me away. Free me. And you kill him!
Mimi : I did not kill Henry!
UNK: Zhu Yin : You lie!
Beckett : What do you mean he came here to free you?
UNK: Zhu Yin : I owe much money to the smugglers who bring me here.
UNK: Zhu Yin : She buy my debt.
UNK: Zhu Yin : I work here to pay it off. For years.
Mimi : That's not true.
Zhang : And then you met Henry.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He want us to start a life together.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He went to Mimi to pay my debt. $40,000.
Beckett : And Henry didn't have that kind of cash,
Beckett : so you made a different agreement for Suyin's release.
Zhang : You had Henry frame Wadlow for her freedom.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He did that for me?
UNK: Zhu Yin : That's why he say for me
UNK: Zhu Yin : to meet him at the park that night.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He say he would have good news.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, wait. So you were the one
Zhang : he was waiting for at the park?
UNK: Zhu Yin : No. I was supposed to,
UNK: but Henry phone me. He say not to come.
Zhang : He canceled?
Beckett : Did he tell you why?
UNK: Zhu Yin : I did not speak to him.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He call here and left a message.
UNK: Suyin, who gave you that message?
Beckett : Thanks, Mei Wu.
Beckett : We just need to clear up a few details. This shouldn't take too long.
Hicks : Of course. Henry was a good man.
Zhang : Yes, he was.
UNK: So, Suyin told us that you were working at the restaurant
UNK: the night Henry was killed.
UNK: She said you gave her a message. Is that correct?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Mei Wu : I'm sorry, did I do something wrong?
Castle : I'll say so. You lied to her.
Castle : Just like you're lying to us right now.
Beckett : We checked Henry's phone records.
Beckett : He never called the restaurant.
UNK: Mei Wu : He must have used a different phone. I did speak with him.
UNK: Yeah, of course you did. When you confronted him at the park.
UNK: Mei Wu : What park?
UNK: Your MetroCard shows that you entered the subway across the street
Beckett : during Henry's time-of-death window.
UNK: Suyin told us about your friendship.
Zhang : How you grew up together.
Zhang : How you both came here, how hard it was.
Zhang : How you both owe a debt to Mimi Tan.
Castle : But that was all about to change.
UNK: You realized Henry was gonna clear Suyin's debt
Castle : and take her away from you.
Castle : And you could not allow that to happen.
UNK: Mei Wu : Please. I did nothing wrong.
Beckett : CSU recovered blood micro-spray
Beckett : on clothes found in your apartment.
Beckett : That blood matches Henry's.
UNK: Mei Wu : No, no. This is a mistake.
UNK: Suyin is all I have here,
UNK: Mei Wu : and she was going to leave me.
UNK: Mei Wu : I had to do something. I had to.
Zhang : Mei Wu, you're under arrest for the murder of Henry Graham.
UNK: How's Suyin doing?
Zhang : She's strong. She'll be all right.
UNK: So, um, a bit of good news.
Beckett : I spoke with Immigration,
UNK: and in exchange for Suyin testifying against Mimi Tan,
Beckett : they are going to grant her asylum.
UNK: She's gonna be allowed to stay in the US, but free this time.
Zhang : Just as Henry wanted.
UNK: So, what are you gonna do now?
Beckett : I don't know.
Zhang : Pick up where I left off. Pick up the pieces.
Zhang : Try to find my balance.
Beckett : It's easier said than done.
Beckett : Good luck, Inspector.
Zhang : Thank you, Kate.
Zhang : For everything.
Castle : So, you think you and Zhang will stay in touch?
Beckett : I hope so.
UNK: I mean, us super-cops need to stick together.
Castle : You're not trying to break my high-score on Fruit Ninja, are you?
Beckett : No. I'm writing up a list of priorities for my future.
Castle : Ah, new mountains to climb.
UNK: Well, what's it gonna be? Fuji, Kilimanjaro, Everest?
Beckett : I don't know yet.
Beckett : I mean, I love what I do, but I feel like
Beckett : I have to find a new challenge.
Beckett : It's kind of like when you killed off Derrick Storm 'cause you were bored.
UNK: Well, yeah. Look how that turned out.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, whatever is next,
UNK: I don't wanna have to compromise my priorities to get there,
UNK: and I never wanna be guilty of leaving behind what matters most.
Castle : You cannot leave behind what is always at your side.
Beckett : Did you just make that up?
Castle : Yeah, why?
Beckett : You are so much better than Patterson.