Burke : - The donor from Wilkeson? - Should be here at three.
Patricia : Harvest team's on their way in.
UNK: I need to contact the transplant center about Seibert getting his son's liver.
UNK: Dr. Burke? Dr. Bailey needs an OR and they're all booked.
Burke : - For? - An emergent bowel obstruction.
Bailey : - Drugs? - Ten Judy doll heads.
George : - Seriously? - Yes.
Patricia : I can see their little faces. "Help. Let me out."
UNK: Bump Warner's hernia in one, but don't tell him what we're removing.
Meredith : Thank you.
Adele : If he can't be here obsessing, he wants stuff to obsess with at home.
Adele : I'll be done and out of your way in a moment.
Patricia : Intern time cards. Sign.
Adele : It's always something, isn't it?
Adele : Some emergency surgery, some annoying administrative problem.
Adele : Being chief is a lot like being an intern, the work never stops.
Adele : When I found out Richard had a tumor, you know what I felt?
UNK: Relieved. I was hoping he would finally be forced to retire.
Burke : Ah.
Adele : That has your attention, doesn't it?
Adele : How we both would like for that to happen.
Adele : I could finally book a vacation for two.
Bailey : You know, you're perfect for this job, Preston.
Adele : Unattached. Obsessive.
Adele : This hospital, this job, it's enough for you, isn't it?
Scott : It has to be today?
UNK: Thanks. He won't make it off the table with his own liver. He's bleeding a lot.
Scott : When you get counseling, they tell you not to force it.
UNK: A decision, you know.
Scott : One day, one moment, you'll just know the right thing to do.
UNK: This should be easy, right? He's my father.
Alex : Well, it's a tough operation. It'll be a big change in your life.
UNK: The upside is the liver's the only organ that regenerates.
Izzie : They'll only take half of yours. It'll be back to normal in two months.
UNK: - You won't be running marathons, but... - Dr. Stevens, can I see you a moment?
Izzie : - What is your problem? - You're doing a sales pitch.
Alex : The recipient is your patient. You shouldn't be talking to the donor.
UNK: Izzie defensive : The recipient is his father who he's going to lose.
UNK: And he understands that, all right? Believe me. He understands that.
UNK: Alex angry : You have no idea what's going on in that kid's head.
UNK: Alex angry : None.
UNK: - Call three times a day. - Do not call.
UNK: - If my wife doesn't put you through... - I won't put you through.
Richard : ...keep calling. - Yes, sir.
Raj : He's not talking. It could be pica. Doubtful for a man his age.
Raj : Maybe an Oedipal complex or idolization of the dolls as partners.
Raj : Or it could be that he simply enjoys it.
UNK: I've seen strange things in strange places, but how does he enjoy this?
UNK: He'd enjoy them when they came out.
Bailey : I didn't need to hear that.
UNK: Dr. Grey? May I speak with you for a moment?
Bailey : Don't look at me for help.
UNK: I assume he told you why he left me?
UNK: Dr. Shepherd, with all due respect, this has nothing to do with me.
UNK: Really? So you didn't take him back?
Addison : Good girl.
UNK: In future, I'd appreciate it if we kept our relationship strictly professional.
George : Meredith?
Addison : Sometimes people do desperate things to get someone's attention.
UNK: Addison calls out : There are two sides to every story.