Alex : It smells like a hospital in here.
UNK: What are we doing with this guy? Is this an exercise?
UNK: Dr. Domner : - I don't need the practice. - Transplant committee gave the OK.
UNK: We need an answer from the son.
UNK: He's using blood like there's no tomorrow. Literally.
UNK: - How much work is still left? - An hour and a half.
UNK: Dr. Domner : But, without a liver, I don't think this guy's going to last that long.
Lea : I need to speak to Scotty. I can talk to him. I need to talk to him.
UNK: Cristina avoids eye contact : I think they want him to make the decision on his own.
Lea : You think I'm sick for wanting to save my husband, don't you?
UNK: I think you're feeling very emotional.
Cristina : And when we're feeling emotional,
Cristina : sometimes it's hard to keep a level head and to consider all the facts.
Cristina : Your husband killed a man on the highway today.
Cristina : He almost killed you and your son. Those are the facts.
Lea : Have you ever been in love, doctor?
Lea : Have you?
Cristina : Love has its limits.
Burke : - Dr. Shepherd. - Dr. O'Malley.
UNK: I was just in ICU with the harvest donor.
UNK: Dr. Bailey has us do procedures and exams on patients even if they're dead.
UNK: - What did you find? - She's decerebrate.
UNK: The donor. Her brain stem's still alive.
Derek : Excuse me. Derek Shepherd, head of neurosurgery.
Derek : Do you mind if I take a look?
UNK: OK. Yeah, she's still posturing.
UNK: Dr. Orsen looks like he can't believe this is happening : We have every intention of waiting until she's dead.
UNK: Dr. Orsen looks like he can't believe this is happening : She's in an irreversible coma. Hines, at Wilkeson, ran the protocol.
Derek : Missed decerebration. What else did they miss?
Derek : She has a tumor on her uh... brain stem, right?
UNK: I don't see an MRI. Did you do an EEG to confirm brain death?
UNK: Dr. Orsen : - Yeah. According to Hines. - I don't know Hines.
UNK: Six patients in three states are waiting for organs.
UNK: They'd be happy to know the organs were from somebody who is brain dead.
UNK: No one will touch her while she's alive. To imply otherwise...
UNK: Burke interrupts : Is there a problem here?
UNK: This donor is still decerebrate. I want to do an EEG and an MRI.
UNK: Dr. Orsen : - An expensive waste of time. - I insist on it.
Burke : - You insist on it? - I do.
Burke : If my head of neurosurgery says he needs an EEG and an MRI,
Burke : he needs an EEG and an MRI.
UNK: We have six patients waiting.
Burke : That is not my call, Dr. Orsen. Who gets the organs is up to UNOS.
UNK: Who donates them is up to the families.
UNK: Hell, I got a guy waiting for a liver that may not deserve to be saved.
Burke : Again, that's not my call. Do you want to know what my call is?
Burke : Everything else.
Burke : - The patient is yours, Dr. Shepherd. - Thank you, Dr. Burke.
Olivia : Dr. O'Malley, want to assist with this MRI?
UNK: Can you carry this for me?
UNK: First thing we'll do is the EEG. George, you with me?
Scott : What if he goes back to hitting her?
Alex : You can't make that call.
UNK: But you can't make the decision out of anger.
UNK: Izzie calls out : - Alex! - So what do you do with it?
UNK: - What did you do with yours? - Alex! Hey!
Izzie : - You shouldn't be out here. - Can you just back off? Please.
Alex : My anger had a life of its own.
UNK: I became a wrestler and the next time he laid a hand on my mother,
Alex : I beat the living crap out of him.
Alex : When he got out of the hospital, he took off.