George : Look. Maybe I'm not over the Alex thing or the syph thing yet.
George : That's not really the problem.
George : There's a girl who I...
George : And it doesn't matter that there's this other guy.
George : And, frankly, I wouldn't care if she gave me the Ebola virus.
George : I like you, Olivia.
UNK: But... I just don't like you enough.
UNK: Olivia nods forcing a smile : I gave it a shot, right?
UNK: Olivia nods forcing a smile : And you were honest.
UNK: Olivia nods forcing a smile : That's good.
Olivia : You know what you're going to tell them?
George : Why do we hump on every dead or dying patient that comes through those doors?
Olivia : Experience?
George : So we can tell their family that we did everything we could.
George : Are you Ted's family?
Derek : - Just when the day was improving. - You told Meredith what happened?
UNK: Derek he gives her a weird look : I did. What did you tell her?
Addison : People do desperate things to attract attention.
UNK: Derek disbelieving : What? Wow. That's your side of this? That I didn't pay you enough attention?
UNK: You thought that when you got naked with my friend?
Addison : No. By that point, I wasn't thinking at all.
Addison : I was just scratching an itch.
Addison : We got successful, you and me. We got busy and we got lazy.
UNK: We didn't even bother to fight anymore.
Addison : And Mark was there, and I missed you.
UNK: And now I'm sorry. I'm more sorry than you can possibly imagine,
Addison : but at least I'm talking to you about it. Derek...
UNK: I'm a sink with an open drain, Addie.
UNK: Mr. Hubble : - Did you get them all? - Yes.
Meredith : It wasn't easy or very pleasant.
Meredith : How do you feel?
UNK: Mr. Hubble : Empty. I feel empty now.
Meredith : Yeah, I've been feeling a little bit of that myself lately.
UNK: I could see that.
Meredith : Mr. Hubble. Why does eating doll heads fill you up? What's the satisfaction?
UNK: Mr. Hubble : Do you really want to know?
Meredith : Would it be too much information?
UNK: It might.
Meredith : Maybe I'm better left in the dark.
UNK: There's something to be said about a glass half full.
UNK: About knowing when to say "when."
UNK: I think it's a floating line.
UNK: A barometer of need and desire.
UNK: It's entirely up to the individual...
UNK: and depends on what's being poured.
UNK: Sometimes, all we want is a taste.
UNK: Other times, there's no such thing as enough.
UNK: The glass is bottomless.
UNK: And all we want...
UNK: is more.