Ryan : Yeah. Yeah!
Beckett : Did they give you their names?
UNK: No.
Reggie : But when they were walking away, the black guy called the other guy Ganz.
UNK: All right, guys. Thanks very much. We're done with the room.
UNK: Open door!
Lanie : What the hell?
Castle : Welcome to Hollywood.
Tony : Great scene, Ricky.
UNK: Who said you were a star? That's right, me.
Reggie : Does this mean I can leave?
Ryan : His name is Russell Ganz.
UNK: Suspected of pulling off several high-profile heists
Ryan : during the last five years,
UNK: including the theft of military-grade circuit boards in 2009.
Ryan : His multi-million dollar scores have allowed him to live like royalty.
Ryan : Fast cars. Hot women...
Beckett : Dissolving bullets would be worth a fortune for the right buyer.
Beckett : Like a gang or a drug cartel.
Beckett : Do we have an LA address for Ganz? Or any known associates?
Ryan : And it looks like most of his friends are incarcerated.
UNK: Wait. Yeah.
Ryan : Here's one that's not. Donald Mannis.
Ryan : He looks exactly like the guy hunting Violet.
Beckett : Okay. Mannis might lead us to Ganz.
Beckett : So let's get his photo to all the troops.
Ryan : Got it. I'll get back to you.
Beckett : We gotta find Ganz, fast.
Beckett : Once he fences those bullets, he's gonna disappear.
Castle : Don't worry. The guy likes the perks of wealth.
UNK: I know just the guy to help us find him.
Maurice : Mr. Ganz is well known within my network.
Maurice : He's a frequent guest at our city's five-star hotels.
Beckett : Do you actually know where he is?
UNK: At a poolside cabana at the Eastway.
Maurice : He enjoys being surrounded by beautiful women
Maurice : as he conducts business on the phone.
Maurice : Which, according to a poolside waiter, he's doing as we speak.
Castle : Maurice, thank you very much. You never fail to amaze.
Maurice : My pleasure, sir. Ma'am.
Beckett : Okay, so if Ganz is doing business poolside,
Beckett : he's probably trying to find a buyer for those bullets.
Beckett : If I can put him with those bullets, I can prove he killed Royce.
UNK: But don't you think it's time we called the LAPD?
Beckett : I think I have a better idea.
UNK: It's time for a celebration.
UNK: Set it up with another, will you, Max?
Ryan : Yes, sir.
Ganz : I appreciate a woman who knows how to make an entrance.
Ganz : Are you staying at the hotel?
Beckett : No, I'm meeting someone.
Ganz : Business or pleasure?
Beckett : Hopefully a bit of both,
Maurice : Mr. Ganz.
Beckett : I'm Lola Black. Please, sit.
Ganz : What can I do for you, Ms. Black?
Beckett : I represent a small but powerful group of Colombian business interests.
UNK: And they understand that you're in possession of some
Beckett : unique merchandise.
UNK: I'm afraid you got me confused with someone else.
Beckett : I don't think so.
Beckett : That business in New York, that ex-cop?
Beckett : It was a very effective product demonstration.