Beckett : and he tried to protect her by taking her to New York.
Castle : Protect her from what?
Beckett : Maybe from this.
Beckett : Surveillance photos.
Beckett : What would she be doing with surveillance photos?
Castle : Maybe Royce was doing some kind of PI work for her.
Castle : The building this guy's coming out of looks familiar.
UNK: She has articles on corgis, on surfing, wine tasting...
Beckett : How does any of this add up?
Castle : Maybe she was researching a role.
Beckett : And what role would that be?
Castle : What does any of it have to do with Royce?
Castle : Cops, cops.
UNK: Photo... Okay.
UNK: Okay, go.
UNK: Lapd Uniform : LAPD! Don't move!
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Kyle Seeger : Afternoon. Kyle Seeger. Robbery-Homicide.
Beckett : Look, Kyle, this is a misunderstanding.
Seeger : Meaning you didn't pick the lock or illegally enter this house?
Castle : Meaning she's NYPD.
Seeger : I know who you are, Detective.
Seeger : And while I can appreciate your loss,
Seeger : I can't have you and your offbeat sidekick
Seeger : running around my town committing felonies
Seeger : in some misguided quest for justice.
Beckett : Are you arresting us?
Seeger : Much worse.
Seeger : Somebody wants to have a word with you.
Seeger : You're on speaker, sir.
Beckett : Sir, I can explain.
Montgomery : No, you cannot.
Montgomery : What you can do is get your ass on the next plane out.
Castle : We have a dinner reservation at Spago.
Castle : Is the morning okay?
Montgomery : This is all a big joke to you, isn't it, Castle?
Montgomery : Both of you.
Montgomery : Come home now.
Seeger : Wow. That was awkward.
UNK: Unless there's something else, I think we should go now.
Seeger : Hey, one last thing.
Seeger : Did you find what you were looking for?
Beckett : Wrong house.
Seeger : Welcome to LA, Detective. Now go home.
UNK: Would Montgomery really fire you?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So we're going back to New York.
Beckett : Hell no.
Ryan : Detective Ryan.
Beckett : Hey, it's me. Can you talk?
UNK: Yeah. But Montgomery is seriously fired up.
Beckett : but you can feel free to say no.
Castle : Come on. Whatever it is, I'm saying yes.
Beckett : Her name is Violet Young.
UNK: We think whatever trouble he was into she was involved somehow.
Ryan : You think she's still in town?
UNK: Her head shot lists an acting school in New York.
Beckett : She might have friends out there. Can you see if she contacted any of them?
Ryan : You got it. I'll keep you posted.
Beckett : Great. Thank you.
Ryan : Esposito's got something. Beckett, line two.
UNK: What's up, girl? How's the weather in your world?
UNK: Sunny, chance of ass-kicking. What do you got?
UNK: I'm sending it over to you now.
UNK: And that's Neil McCauley?
Esposito : He wore the exact same clothes at JFK as he did in that alley.
Esposito : That's how we got him.
Beckett : Okay. Look, this is a long shot,
Beckett : but run facial recognition through the federal and local databases.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : I found him.
UNK: Neil McCauley?
UNK: No. The mystery man from the photo in Violet's place.
UNK: I realized where I'd seen that building he was coming out of before.
UNK: So, I did a little Internet search and, "Bam" said the lady,
UNK: found it's the home of Kelvin North America.
UNK: Some kind of R and D facility.
UNK: Chief Executive Officer is Charles Kelvin. Guess what his hobbies are?
UNK: "Wine, corgis and surfing." Violet was studying him.
Beckett : Mr. Kelvin! Mr. Kelvin?
Beckett : Your assistant said that we could find you here.
Kelvin : This is my surf hour.
Kelvin : So whatever you have to say can wait till I'm done.
Beckett : No, it can't.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : Do you recognize this woman?
UNK: Sure.
Kelvin : I met her in line for coffee last Friday. I asked her out.
UNK: I thought the date was going well,
UNK: till she went to the bathroom and never came back.
Kelvin : What's this all about anyway? Did something happen to her?
Castle : Does this recording mean anything to you?
Castle : Isn't that your voice?
UNK: - That bitch! - What does that mean?
UNK: That phrase is the key to our high-security vault.
Kelvin : Violet must have pieced it together from the words I said during the date.
UNK: I gotta get back to the office.
UNK: No! They're gone!
Beckett : What was in here?
Kelvin : That's proprietary information.
Castle : A bullet.
Castle : I'm guessing it dissolves.
Kelvin : How do you know about those?
Beckett : They were used in a murder.
UNK: God!
Kelvin : We created them to try to land
Kelvin : a defense contract in ultra-light ammunition.
Kelvin : The dissolving property was a complete accident.
Kelvin : Unfortunately, it rendered the bullets useless to the military.