Beckett : My offer is serious,
Beckett : and my clients are not accustomed to hearing the word "no."
UNK: Well,
Ganz : bidding on that particular item closed about 20 minutes ago.
UNK: Better luck next time.
UNK: Wait...
Beckett : Two million.
Beckett : I can have it here within an hour.
Ganz : I'm impressed, actually, the way you lured me in.
Ganz : You had me guessing there for a second.
UNK: And what's that supposed to mean?
Ganz : It means you're a cop.
UNK: You're the hottest thing I've seen
Ganz : come out of Major Crimes in quite some time.
Ganz : But you're a little too eager. A little green.
Ganz : Nice meeting you, Lola.
Beckett : God, Castle.
Castle : So, what happened?
Beckett : I was trying to keep him from seeing you
Beckett : and so I pushed too hard and he made me.
Beckett : He called me green, Castle. What the hell were you doing?
Castle : I saw his phone in the cabana. I thought it was worth the risk.
Beckett : - You took his phone? - No!
Castle : No, I took a picture of his recent call list.
Beckett : What? Where is it?
UNK: Don't... Don't poke me.
UNK: Poke you? I wanna kiss you.
Beckett : Okay, we need to run down these numbers,
UNK: see if we can trace one of them to Ganz's buyer.
Castle : Okay, now can we call Seeger?
Montgomery : Gentlemen, where are we with Violet Young?
UNK: I just got off the phone with her mother.
UNK: She said she remembers Violet having a roommate
Esposito : who lives near Canal Street.
UNK: We're gonna head over there and see if Violet reached out to her.
Montgomery : Well, let me know.
Ryan : - Yeah. - Right.
UNK: Hey. You heard from Beckett?
Beckett : No, sir.
Ryan : Yeah, me, neither.
Montgomery : She's not answering her cell.
Esposito : Maybe she's airborne.
Ryan : Yeah, that would explain her phone being turned off.
Montgomery : You know, I'm trying to decide who is the worse liar.
Montgomery : Him or you.
Montgomery : Go find Violet Young. Help Beckett put this thing to bed, all right?
Ryan : - Yes, sir. - We're on it.
Castle : - Hey, Detective... - Hey.
Seeger : You run wild in my city, then you call me for a favor?
Seeger : You got a lot of nerve, Detective. I'll give you that.
Beckett : Hey, we're trying to get a vicious criminal off of your streets.
Castle : Hey. Can I interest you in one of these robes?
Castle : Before you say no, feel how soft this is.
Seeger : No. Thank you.
Beckett : Look, we're all on the same team now.
Beckett : So why don't we just get this done with?
Seeger : As long as it gets done my way.
Beckett : Fine. What do you got?
Seeger : Well, Ganz's phone is a burner and so are most of the numbers he called.
Beckett : Which means you didn't get the buyer's ID.
Seeger : We did manage to trace one of the burners he called to New York City.
Beckett : Mannis. That's Ganz's partner.
Castle : I bet Ganz was calling to ask why the hell Violet Young was still alive.
UNK: Did you happen to get the location on Mannis' phone?
Seeger : Just that it's in Manhattan.
Beckett : Okay, so, let's call him. Rile him up a bit.
Seeger : Rile him up how?
Beckett : I'll tell him I met Ganz. Ganz was gonna cut him out of the deal.
Beckett : Mannis wasn't pulling his weight.
Castle : Mannis gets pissed, he calls Ganz.
Castle : Maybe one of them lets something slip about the location of the exchange.
Seeger : And we'll be listening. Good. I'll try and get a warrant.
Violet : I know it was wrong to run. I was afraid to go to the cops.
Violet : I never meant for Royce to get hurt.
Ryan : Let's just get back to the station, we can work it all out. All right?
Esposito : Let's go.