Marshall : It's all a big lie!
UNK: She's just going to break your heart.
UNK: You can drag me out of here, but she has no soul!
Ted : We've tried everything... Baseball, strippers.
Ted : The guy still won't eat a damn pancake.
Ted : I think he's beyond repair.
Robin : See, this is the problem with guys.
Robin : You don't know how to deal with heartbreak.
UNK: Oh, and what's your prescription, dr. Estrogen?
UNK: Eat haagen-dazs and watch love actually,
UNK: Till your periods sync up.
Robin : Yeah, that's the stuff.
Robin : Oh, my god.
Marshall : How long have you been doing this?
UNK: Well, my dad taught me to shoot when I was a kid.
Robin : Whenever I'm feeling lonely or depressed, I come here,
Robin : And it reminds me that...
Robin : Guns are fun.
UNK: Um, you know, ted is kind of against guns.
UNK: And that's why
UNK: Ted's never going to find out about this.
UNK: Whoa, that sounded kind of scary
UNK: With me holding a gun, didn't it?
UNK: No, I-I just mean,
UNK: Please don't tell ted.
UNK: You want to try?
UNK: Only hell yeah.
Marshall : Oh, yeah, yeah, this is what I needed.
Marshall : I felt so powerless this whole time,
Marshall : But this...
Marshall : This is power.
Marshall : This is...
UNK: I should have mentioned the recoil.
UNK: I got to hand it to you, when he got home,
Ted : Marshall was smiling.
Ted : Did you sleep with him?
Ted : 'Cause I was actually,
Ted : Like, three days away from suggesting that.
Robin : Sometimes, all you need is to get in touch
Robin : With your feminine side.
UNK: Yeah, yeah!
Ted : Well, congratulations.
Ted : You're the first person to cheer him up all summer.
UNK: You win. Oh, what do I win?
UNK: I'll tell you what you win :
Ted : I'm taking you away this weekend.
UNK: You are? Mmm.
Robin : That's so nice.
UNK: Yeah, my aunt and uncle have a beach house
UNK: Out in montauk, oh, it's really romantic.
UNK: My uncle's had like three affairs there.
UNK: Wow, must be a nice house.
UNK: I've seen pictures of your uncle.
UNK: This is going to be so great.
Robin : We'll finally get some time alone.
UNK: Are you sure marshall's going to be okay with this?
UNK: Yeah, absolutely.
UNK: Dude, I'm doing much better. Oh.
Marshall : In fact, take my car.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Ted : Hey, thanks... And, hey,
Ted : If you need anything day or night, just call me...
Barney : You know what, please don't call me.
Ted : What? What's wrong?
UNK: It's, uh, lily's credit card bill.
Marshall : She must have forgotten
Marshall : To switch her address.
Ted : So?
UNK: So, I wonder what kind of charges she's making
UNK: Out there in san francisco. No.
Ted : No, no good can come from looking at this.
Ted : You've made too much progress already.
Marshall : I know but I just, maybe the... no!
UNK: You're going to thank me for this.
Marshall : You're a good friend, ted.
UNK: August 5th, one charge... tickets.
Marshall : To what? George clinton and the p-funk all-stars.
UNK: August 10th, one charge : Tennis emporium.
UNK: August 18th, two charges :
Marshall : Mario's bistro and, get this, pet palace.
Marshall : You guys see what this means, right?
Lily : Wow, mario's bistro.
Lily : What a perfect place to whore around.
UNK: George Clinton : Only the best for my little lily pad.
Lily : Oh, funk legend george clinton,
Lily : I am so glad you spotted me at your concert
UNK: And dragged me onstage to dance with you courtney cox-style.
UNK: And I'm so glad you agreed to play tennis with me.
Ted : Aw.
Lily : You know, marshall tried to get me
Lily : To play tennis for nine years,
Lily : But I didn't do it, because I never truly loved him.
UNK: George Clinton : I got you a gift.
Robin : Oh.
Lily : A ferret.
UNK: Oh, I'll buy it some food next door at the pet palace.
UNK: Oh, I've always wanted one,
UNK: But marshall had this secret phobia of ferrets.
UNK: George Clinton : I bet that's something he made you promise not to tell nobody.
Ted : It was.
Robin : Oh.
Lily : I love you, funk legend george clinton.
UNK: George Clinton : I love you, too, lily.
UNK: George Clinton : That's right, marshall, she's all mine.
UNK: George Clinton : Now I'm gonna let her play with my hair.
UNK: ♪ Ow, we want the funk