Ted : Okay where were we?
UNK: It was June of 2006,
Ted : And life had just taken an unexpected turn.
UNK: Dad, can't you just skip ahead
UNK: Ted's daughter : To the part where you meet mom?
UNK: I feel like you've been talking for like a year.
Ted : Honey, all this stuff I'm telling you is important.
Ted : It's all part of the story.
UNK: Could I go to the bathroom?
Ted : No.
Ted : The summer of 2006 was both wonderful and awful.
Ted : For me, it started out great.
Ted : In fact, day one was amazing.
Ted : I'd finally gotten together with robin.
Ted : But while I'd been off having one of the best nights
Ted : Had been having one of the worst nights of his.
UNK: ♪ Crying in the street...
Marshall : So that's it?
Marshall : We're breaking up?
Lily : Marshall, I'm sorry. I just...
Lily : To san francisco and do this art program
UNK: And-and figure out who I am outside of us.
Lily : And the only way
Lily : That I can do that is if... If we don't talk for a while.
Lily : For a while.
UNK: Try never, okay?
Marshall : You walk out that door, and we're done.
UNK: You're never going to hear my voice again.
UNK: I should call her. No, no.
UNK: Ted, it is... If you call her
Ted : When she asked you not to you're just going to look weak
Ted : Now, listen, whenever you feel like calling her,
Ted : You come find me first.
Ted : And I will punch you in the face.
Marshall : You're a good friend, ted.
Robin : Hey.
Robin : So, did you hear the big news?
Ted : You mean how lily and marshall broke up,
UNK: And lily's gone and nothing else
Ted : Even remotely important happened last night,
Ted : Yeah, I think he knows.
Robin : Oh, my god.
UNK: I-I'm so sorry. Wh...
Robin : What happened?
Marshall : Well, she left.
Marshall : And I don't even know if she's coming back.
Barney : I didn't get your message until I woke up.
Barney : Bro, I am so sorry.
Marshall : Thanks.
Barney : I know it must be tough,
Barney : But are you ready to hear something
Barney : That will not only make you feel better,
Barney : But will actively excite you?
UNK: For the first time, ever, the three of us are single
Marshall : At the same time.
UNK: I've dreamed about this day, boys,
UNK: And it's going to be
UNK: Legendary.
UNK: Together, we will own this city.
UNK: Anytime a girl wants to get back at her ex-boyfriends,
UNK: We'll be there.
UNK: Anytime a girl wants to solve her father issues
UNK: Through promiscuity and binge drinking, we will be there.
UNK: Anytime a bachelorette party drives through the city
UNK: In a limo, sticking their heads out the sunroof shouting,
UNK: "what's up, new york?"
UNK: We will be what is up new york.
UNK: Gentlemen, we are about to embark on...
UNK: Aw, man, you guys did it, didn't you?
UNK: Captioning sponsored by 20th century fox television
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Is that when love is beginning...
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And love is ending,
UNK: The first 30 days are remarkably similar.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : For one thing, you spend most of your time in bed.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Your friends can't stand to listen to you.
UNK: He's so ticklish.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : It was a really beautiful song.