UNK: ♪ give up the funk...
Ted : That's the craziest thing I've ever heard.
Robin : Yeah, why are you afraid of ferrets?
UNK: Because, robin, they're like fuzzy, tube-shaped rats.
UNK: Plus, those charges are from, like, a month ago.
UNK: Exactly. For new charges,
Barney : You can see credit card activity from, like, two hours ago.
Barney : But, you know, don't.
Ted : Why do you talk?
UNK: Why do you talk?!
Barney : He needs her password.
UNK: It's not like he has her password.
UNK: Ooh, this is good, he has her password.
UNK: There's a charge from earlier today :
UNK: The kellett hotel on 5th.
Marshall : I don't believe this.
UNK: Lily's back in new york.
Marshall : I can't believe this.
UNK: Lily's in new york?
UNK: I-I guess I've been thinking
Marshall : When she got back, she'd call me.
UNK: That's really the only reason
Marshall : I've been able to hold it together so far this summer.
UNK: Robin to Ted : This has been "holding it together"?
UNK: Okay, you know what? I'm calling her.
UNK: No. Ted, give me the phone.
Ted : You're not calling her, this changes nothing.
Ted : You, come here.
UNK: Look, while we're away this weekend,
Ted : Can you keep an eye on him,
Ted : Make sure he doesn't call that hotel?
Barney : You want me to baby-sit him?
Barney : 20 bucks.
Barney : An hour.
Barney : And money for pizza.
UNK: Uh, yeah, how about you do it for free
Ted : Or every time we hang out, you have to watch this?
UNK: My little blue-eyed baby, baby lips. Ooh, ooh, sugar, sugar...
UNK: Okay, I'll do it!
Barney : Stop being a couple.
UNK: Marshall. Marshall, marshall!
Marshall : Ted, I know I shouldn't do this, but I have to!
UNK: You call her everything we've worked so hard...
Marshall : Hello, lily aldrin's room, please.
UNK: Thank you. Hang up now.
Marshall : Ted, I can't hang up now. Hang up now.
UNK: The missiles are in the air, and I know that you don't approve.
UNK: Hang up. Hello.
UNK: Uh, a guy answered.
UNK: There's-there's a guy in her room.
Marshall : I'm going down there.
Barney : Dude, you can't do that.
Marshall : I have to go down there, and I have
UNK: To tell her I love her; I have to beg her to take me back,
Marshall : Even if I have to get down on my knees.
Robin : Marshall, you can't do that. Oh, really, why not?
Ted : 56 days.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : That's how long it took me to get right about here.
Ted : Because you're pathetic!
Ted : I'm sorry, but right now, you are not marshall.
Ted : You are the miserable,
Ted : Whining, shampoo-sniffing ghost of marshall,
Ted : And frankly, a guy like you
Ted : Doesn't have a shot in hell with a girl like lily.
Ted : You know who might have a shot
Ted : Somewhere down the line?
Ted : Marshall.
Ted : The real marshall.
UNK: But if you go down there right now like this, you're going
UNK: To blow it for him, and he's never going to forgive you.
Ted : Of course, whatever I say,
UNK: You're just going to do the opposite,
Ted : So have a great weekend.
Ted : Good luck screwing up your life.
Ted : Come on, robin.
UNK: Is it still okay if we borrow the car?
Barney : Bold. Bold to go for the car.