UNK: So... Stupid, man.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And you never seem to wear pants.
Ted : Hey, marshall.
Marshall : Hey, ted.
UNK: You hungry? What's the point?
UNK: I could eat some food.
UNK: It's just going to leave me.
UNK: Well, at least in that scenario, you get to do the dumping.
Ted : Come on, it's Sunday.
Ted : It's pancakes day.
Marshall : Lily always made the pancakes.
Marshall : God, I loved her pancakes.
Marshall : So soft.
Marshall : So warm.
Marshall : So perfectly shaped.
Ted : Are we still talking about her pancakes?
UNK: Come on, you got to eat something; what can I get you?
Marshall : Beer.
Ted : No, that's what you had for dinner.
Marshall : Fine.
UNK: Then I'll just have leftovers.
Barney : So, he stays home
Barney : All the time not getting laid?
Barney : No, see,
Barney : That's what you do when you have a fiancée.
Barney : He should be down here celebrating.
Barney : He's free.
UNK: He got that redheaded tumor removed.
Ted : You should write and illustrate children's books.
Barney : You know what marshall needs to do.
Barney : He needs to stop being sad.
Barney : When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
Barney : True story.
Ted : It's only been a month.
Ted : He just needs to go at his own pace.
UNK: Anyway, lily's the one who caused this whole mess.
Robin : Hey, cut her some slack.
Robin : She's just trying to figure out who she is.
UNK: Yeah, she should call me; I got a whole list.
Ted : She's selfish.
Ted : She's immature.
Marshall : She's...
Robin : What?
Ted : God, your eyes are so blue.
UNK: Aw, teddy bear.
UNK: Oh, that's a...
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Yeah, it was hard to feel too bad.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : I was dating the woman of my dreams,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And things were going great.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Well, for the most part.
UNK: So, I found her shampoo.
Marshall : I guess she left it here.
Marshall : It smells like her.
Marshall : Like lavender and seashells and hope.
Marshall : Somehow,
Marshall : Erotic and comforting all at the same time.
Robin : That's my shampoo.
Marshall : Oh, sorry.
UNK: Mmm, I thought he'd never go to sleep.
Ted : Uh-oh.
Robin : Already?
Ted : He's calling her.
UNK: I don't hear any... He's calling her.
Ted : No.
Marshall : Okay, you're right, I won't call her.
Marshall : I will not call her.
Marshall : Well, I called her.
Marshall : And get this,
Marshall : She changed her number.
UNK: What, like I'm going to stalk her,
Marshall : Or something? Like she's so special.
Marshall : Like she's the only lily aldrin out there.
Marshall : 'Cause there are four others in the san francisco area alone,
Marshall : And they all seem a lot better than her
Marshall : Based on the brief conversations I had with them.
UNK: Robin to Ted : Does he know I'm in here?
Marshall : Yeah, hey, robin.
UNK: Anyways, one of the lily aldrins said...
Robin : This has to stop.
Robin : Ted, we just started dating.
UNK: We agreed we don't want to move too fast,
Robin : And yet somehow, we have a baby.
Robin : He can't feed himself.
Robin : He cries a lot, he keeps us up all night.
Barney : Have you tried breast-feeding?
Barney : Nailed it!
UNK: Look, they were together nine years.
Ted : It's only been a month and a half.
Ted : He just needs to go at his own pace.
Robin : He slept on our floor last night, ted.
Ted : He watched a scary movie.
Robin : It is time for some tough love.
Robin : We need to get him out of that apartment.
Robin : He needs fresh air.
Robin : He needs sunshine.
Barney : Mmm, sunshine.
Announcer : Gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, sunshine.
UNK: All right, I really don't think this is going to help.
UNK: Do you know why you're not over lily yet?
UNK: It's 'cause you can still picture her naked.
UNK: You can't get over a woman until you can no longer
UNK: Picture her boobs; it's a scientific fact.
UNK: The average male brain can only store a finite number
UNK: Of boob images or "b-pegs".
UNK: And your hard drive's filled to capacity with lily's.
Marshall : There are a lot of them.
UNK: Well, they won't go away until you overwrite them
Barney : With images of other women's boobs.
Barney : Now, this journey may take
Barney : As many as a million boobs,
Barney : So we begin here tonight, my friend.
UNK: Two at a time.
Barney : Those count as four.
Ted : Yeah.
Ted : This is fun right?
Ted : We're outside, it's a beautiful day.
Ted : The indians are winning.
UNK: I got to admit,
Marshall : It is really nice to be outside.
Announcer : Yankee fans,
Man : Please turn your attention to the diamond vision
Man : For a special seventh-inning-stretch surprise.
Ted : Oh, no.