Chandler : I hope he did.
Phoebe : I thought of a good flaw. Ross pops his gum.
Rachel : Oh, right.
Rachel : -Wait a minute. I do that too. -I know, it drives me crazy.
Phoebe : I'll get it.
Joey : Pheebs, it's Joey.
Phoebe : Hey, Joey!
UNK: I saw someone that looks just like you on the subway.
UNK: I was going to say hi, then I figured he doesn't care he looks like you.
UNK: That just cost me 4 bucks.
UNK: I called to see how the chick and the duck are doing.
UNK: They're having fun with Aunt Phoebe. Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful.
Phoebe : So do you miss me?
UNK: Kind of, but I've been having too much fun.
Phoebe : You're not homesick yet?
Joey : I don't think so.
UNK: Well, the seven of us miss you.
Joey : -Who's seven? -Me, Rachel...
Phoebe : ...the birds, the babies.
Joey : The babies miss me?
Phoebe : Of course they do, or I'm just really hungry.
Phoebe : Pizza guy's here!
Joey : You ordered pizza without me?
UNK: But we were thinking about you. We ordered the Joey Special.
Joey : Two pizzas?
Phoebe : -Gotta go! Talk to you later. -Wait!
Joey : Where did you get it from?
UNK: And they're always glad you came
UNK: You want to be where you can see
UNK: Your troubles are all the same
UNK: You want to be Where everybody knows your name
Emily : Why have you brought me here?
Monica : You'll see.
UNK: This wedding won't happen.
UNK: Ross.
Ross : But imagine a lot more lights...
UNK: ...and fewer bricks...
Ross : ...and flowers and candles.
UNK: And the musicians can go over here.
UNK: The chairs can face this way and
Joey : You go.
Ross : But if you don't love this, we'll do it any other place or time.
Ross : Really, it's fine.
Ross : Whatever you want.
Emily : It's perfect.
UNK: And, I don't know, if it rains
Emily : Then we'll get wet.
Monica : I don't even have a date.
Rachel : Do you remember where the duck food is?
Phoebe : In the guys' apartment, under the sink. Why?
Rachel : Because I'm going to London.
Phoebe : What? What do you mean?
UNK: I have to tell Ross I love him.
UNK: Take care and don't have the babies till I get back.
Phoebe : But what about all the finding-his-flaws stuff we've been doing?
Rachel : Yeah, that didn't work.
Phoebe : You can't go. Ross loves Emily.
UNK: I know, but I have to tell him how I feel.
UNK: He deserves all the information to make an informed decision.
Phoebe : You're going because you hope he'll say :
UNK: "I love you too. Forget the British chippy."
Rachel : You think he will?
Phoebe : No, because he's in love with the British chippy!
Phoebe : You're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding.
Phoebe : It's too late! You missed your chance.
Rachel : I'm sorry. This must be hard.
UNK: But it's over.
Rachel : No, it's not over until someone says, "I do."
Phoebe : I do! I do!
Phoebe : Like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter!
Housekeeper : The Waltham residence.
UNK: Is this Emily's parents' house?