House : Swollen joints, high white count, fever, conjunctivitis.
UNK: Anyone?
Diane : - Seriously? - Seriously?
UNK: What, you two can't think and poop at the same time?
UNK: There's a life at stake here.
Taub : Could be Familial Mediterranean fever.
Foreman : Not likely, that almost always
Foreman : presents with abdominal pain or diarrhea.
Chase : Given his job, the skin and eye involvement,
Chase : it's more likely a systemic fungal infection.
Masters : We would have seen it in his blood work.
Masters : Unless the saline used to recover and store the tissue samples
Masters : has been shown in recent studies...
House : Get new blood and CSF samples
House : using formaldehyde instead of saline.
House : And start him and his wife on triple antifungal therapy.
Diane : His wife?
House : Well, if he's really trying to keep her happy,
House : I assume they've shared bodily fluids.
Foreman : I hate you.
Masters : You could have picked it up from your job.
Masters : The real one, not the fake one.
UNK: If you would've been more honest about...
UNK: Chase clearly Annoyed : How is that relevant?
Masters : If his wife knew about his job,
Masters : they both might have been more alert to the early symptoms.
Masters : We could have caught it earlier.
Chase : That's ridiculous.
UNK: Oh, my God, sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
Diane : Whatever you're doing, it's obviously not working.
Chase : We think he has a systemic fungal infection.
Chase : We're starting him on a parenteral antifungal regimen.
Masters : It can be transferred through bodily fluids,
Masters : so we have to start you on the treatment as well.
Diane : A fungus? Where would he...
Chase : Could be from anywhere. The spores can become airborne.
Diane : But why would he be the only one?
Diane : No one in our neighborhood, no one in his office building.
Chase : Sometimes it just happens that way. It's hard to explain.
Bert : No, it's not.
Bert : I need to talk to my wife in private for a moment.
Wilson : Your numbers indicate the medication
Wilson : isn't helping with your cholesterol...
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Huh?
Wilson : What are you doing? What's it look like I'm doing?
UNK: I'm auditioning a band for Friday night.
Wilson : So you're trying to ruin Cuddy's moment in the spotlight.
UNK: House hurt : Ruin? These guys recorded with Juan Gabriel.
UNK: House hurt : They're gonna cost me two grand.
UNK: House hurt : This is not a prank.
UNK: House hurt : These guys are the beginning of Cuddy's evening to remember,
UNK: House hurt : which in turn will make my evening...
Wilson : I think if you do this,
Wilson : your evening will end with you
Wilson : in your apartment alone with a sock.
Masters : This is all for the best.
Chase : Yeah. Either that or the opposite.
Masters : If it means anything,
Masters : I think he's honestly just trying
Masters : to protect you and keep you happy.
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : Oh, God! Of course.
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : He would tell a bunch of strangers before he would tell me.
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : I mean, why not? I'm just a stupid housewife, right?
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : You know, I have something you can share with him. It's over.
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : He's a liar, and I never want to hear from him again.
UNK: You may want to go check on him, his fever's back.
UNK: But I'm done worrying about him.
UNK: She was right, he's at 101.
UNK: Diane?
Masters : We're gonna have to get your fever down.
Diane : What's wrong? What are you saying?
Bert : I can't hear you! I can't hear anything.