UNK: Alone, if you don't mind.
Masters : Uh, they tend to be personal in nature...
Diane : I'm his wife.
Diane : I can probably answer them better than he can.
Masters : They're about his job.
Diane : Well, what does that matter? He sits in an office all day.
Bert : Honey, take a break.
Bert : It's okay. No!
Diane : Seriously, if there's something really wrong with him,
UNK: I want to know about it.
Bert : It's not...
Chase : Our questions are about what he eats for lunch at work
Chase : and what comes out at the end.
Chase : Bowel movements mostly.
Chase : Color, texture, smell.
UNK: Okay...
Bert : Pretty sure you can't help with that.
Diane : Maybe I could use a break.
Diane : Thank you for your honesty.
Chase : You're welcome.
Bert : I can't let my wife find out about this. You have to promise me.
Masters : That depends on if it's considered...
UNK: Chase taking The Lead : We promise.
Bert : I lost everything because of the recession.
Bert : My entire real estate company.
Bert : And she has no idea.
Chase : So what do you do for a living now?
Bert : I used to be a janitor when I was in college,
Bert : and now I'm almost 40 and doing it for the people I built homes for.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Why do you think? Because I need the money.
Masters : No, I mean, why lie to your wife about it?
Chase : None of our business, really.
Chase : What kind of cleaning?
Bert : Industrial jobs. Crime-scene clean-up,
Bert : septic tank repair, mold removal.
UNK: It's physically killing me.
Masters : It's the holy grail of potential diseases.
Masters : Caustic cleaning chemicals, raw sewage,
Masters : mold spores, fungal infections.
Chase : Not to mention cleaning up blood and other body fluids
Chase : from a homicide yesterday.
Foreman : We should check out the crime scene.
Foreman : He might have picked up a bacterial infection from the victim's blood.
UNK: The place has been cleaned and sanitized by our patient.
Chase : We sent for the autopsy report,
Chase : probably take a week to get it.
House : When he's not working, where does he go all day to hide out?
Masters : His old real estate office?
House : Treat for bacterial infection.
House : Meantime, Bert, take Ernie and check his office for environmentals.
House : I'll talk to Cuddy about getting the autopsy results faster.
UNK: Chase pointing To Foreman : You're Bert.
UNK: Chase pointing To Foreman : He's Ernie.
UNK: Masters hurrying After Him And Grinning Hugely : And they're both roommates. That was a good one.
Wilson : Well, at least the Alzheimer's patient in room 202
Wilson : won't remember she only got half a ham sandwich.
UNK: House grimacing, Puts The Sandwich Back. : I'm doing her a favor.
Wilson : You're really going to the charity gala?
UNK: Why?
House : I wanna do something nice for my girlfriend.
Wilson : You never do anything unless it stands to benefit you.
House : I realize that three failed marriages
House : can leave a man twisted and bitter inside.
House : But in a good relationship, people sometimes do things for each other.
Wilson : A hundred says you don't show up.
UNK: House he Turns Back, Amused : You're giving me an incentive to actually show up?
UNK: House he Turns Back, Amused : A personal, selfish incentive.
Wilson : I'm just making easy money.
UNK: Two hundred.
UNK: House he Walks Back To Wilson : How high did Cuddy authorize you to go?
UNK: Wilson with An Embarrassed Laugh : She... She...
UNK: Three.
UNK: Wilson with An Embarrassed Laugh : She really wants you there.
UNK: Why do people believe that I'm incapable of doing anything nice?
UNK: Experience.
Taub : It's a tie.
Taub : I'm not wearing your underwear.