Bert : Why can't I hear anything?
UNK: His hearing's almost completely gone.
Masters : The new blood and CSF tests were negative for spores and fungus.
Chase : Tumor necrosis factor syndrome?
Chase : Fits the conjunctivitis and painful swelling in his joints.
Masters : Except it's never been documented to cause hearing loss. Ever.
UNK: Oh, no, she didn't.
Chase : This isn't the classroom.
Chase : In the real world, real doctors know
Chase : that patients can have more than one thing wrong with them.
Chase : - Zing. - He was taking Vicodin.
Chase : Extreme abusers can experience hearing loss.
Masters : Except his drug levels never got into the ototoxic zone.
Chase : You have a better idea?
UNK: Ugh!
House : I do.
House : Only in the sense that you're
House : wasting my time with a bad idea,
House : and she's wasting my time with no idea.
House : Maybe we should hear from silent and silenter.
Foreman : It's probably neurological.
Taub : Brain tumor?
Foreman : Or a viral infection that's reached his brain.
House : I say we go with Ernie on this one. Get an MRI. Find it.
Taub : I'm gonna move out next week.
Taub : I'd rather stay friends than be roommates.
Foreman : Just make sure I get my keys back.
UNK: It's not my fault.
UNK: I cooked it thoroughly!
Wilson : Looking forward to Friday night?
Cuddy : Yes and no.
Cuddy : Yes, because it's a great honor.
Cuddy : And, no, because... Well, you know the because.
Wilson : You think House is gonna embarrass you?
Cuddy : Well, not intentionally.
Cuddy : Maybe intentionally. I know what you mean.
Wilson : I picture him doing something stupid,
Wilson : like hiring a mariachi band or something.
Cuddy : Actually, I could get behind that.
Cuddy : I tried to hire one last year, but the board wouldn't let me
Cuddy : because they thought it was too expensive.
UNK: I'm freezing.
UNK: Is Diane coming back?
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Chase : Bedside 101.
Chase : When a patient is near death, try to be nice.
Masters : She's not coming back. I'm not gonna lie to him.
UNK: Stop. What? You heard what she said.
Chase : He's seizing. We got to get him out of there.
Chase : Both his kidneys are fried.
Taub : - He's in a coma. - He has maybe a few days left.
UNK: We could try and get him on the transplant list, but in his condition
Chase : and without a diagnosis, I don't see him getting selected.
Masters : He wouldn't survive the surgery.
Chase : Hence my previous comment.
Foreman : What do you want us to do, House?
House : If it's a tumor, we start chemo,
House : bombard his head with radiation.
Foreman : Which will probably kill him in this state.
Chase : And without an MRI, we don't even know if he has one.
House : He's definitely dead if we do nothing.
House : If I'm wrong, all we do is shave a few hours off.
Taub : We'll need his wife's consent.
House : Masters will get it.
Chase : Probably not a good idea.
Masters : - Uh, he's right. - No, he's not.
House : Consider this me officially booting you out of the nest.