House : Unless we can find...
Taub : She burned through one donor lung,
Taub : transplant committee's never gonna give her a second one.
House : Well, then, I guess you're right again.
House : Unless we don't need their approval.
Cuddy : You can't advise your patient's parents
Cuddy : to take marrow and half a lung from their son.
UNK: Guess I could just chat with them about the weather.
UNK: But the blood tests just confirmed sickle cell trait,
House : so they might be curious about the only treatment option.
House : Though we are having weird weather lately.
Cuddy : There is a huge reason not to take lungs from living patients.
House : So their siblings can die?
Cuddy : Their son has CMD.
Cuddy : As it is, he's gonna die of respiratory failure by 25.
Cuddy : We could cut whatever time he has left in half.
House : That qualifies as a bad reason for them to reject the idea.
House : It's a much worse reason for them not to get the choice.
Cuddy : It's coercive to tell them.
Cuddy : You ever hear of "do no harm"?
House : That was second year, right? I had mono all that fall.
Cuddy : Their son's not even our patient.
Cuddy : Why don't we just take half a lung from
Cuddy : some guy in the clinic with a toothache?
UNK: It's a great idea. Now I can give the parents two options.
UNK: Cuddy firmly : We don't compromise one life for another.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: "Okay"? Seriously?
House : You made an argument.
House : If you don't want me to defer to you, why make it at all?
UNK: Cuddy coming Closer : But are you deferring to me just because we're seeing each other?
UNK: Maybe.
UNK: House nods : Yeah. I think so.
UNK: Look, this is screwing me up. Why is it not screwing you up?
Della : It is.
UNK: Cuddy whispers : I don't know why I okayed you foaming that lung.
UNK: Cuddy whispers : I realized it was wrong as soon as I said it.
UNK: I knew it! I knew when you tilted your head.
UNK: Cuddy quietly : House, we are screwing this up.
UNK: Cuddy quietly : I'm gonna call HR.
UNK: And find someone else to supervise you, as soon as they can.
House : I've got your test results.
House : You have the metabolism, blood counts,
House : liver and kidney function of a 92-year-old.
House : Which is great 'cause you're 102.
House : What's not so great is the average life expectancy is 78.
House : It is my recommendation that you move into a home
House : with round-the-clock care.
Sidney : I can't believe it.
Maurice : Can't my son give me round-the-clock care?
House : Not unless you've done your two-year certification
House : in Tiburon swab technology.
Sidney : There must be some other way.
Sidney : Just because he has a little tingling,
Sidney : and some trouble feeling hot and cold,
Sidney : and some difficulty...
House : You can't feel hot and cold?
Maurice : Not lately. But at my age...
House : Show me your teeth.
House : Dentures. Fairly worn. I'm guessing 10-years-old.
House : Show me your denture cream.
Sidney : Why would he carry denture cream?
UNK: Because he has zinc poisoning.
House : To get it from denture cream, he'd have to take so much of it.
House : Trust me, he never leaves home without it.
Sidney : How much do you use, Pop?
Maurice : About a tube a day.
Maurice : I buy it online. So what does this mean?
UNK: Bizarrely, this explains all your symptoms.
House : Better-fitting dentures, you'll be fine.
House : Medically, there's no reason to go anywhere.
House : Hospital rebate.
UNK: You might want to put it toward couples therapy.
George : The transplant committee's never gonna give
George : my daughter another lung, are they?
UNK: No.
George : Are there any other options?
House : We're looking into it.
George : Looking into what?
UNK: Please.
George : Tell me, give me some kind of hope.
House : I'm afraid I can't do that.
UNK: George on The Verge Of Tears : We're talking about my daughter's life, what can't you tell me?
UNK: George on The Verge Of Tears : If there's any chance you can save her,
UNK: George on The Verge Of Tears : anything you can try.
House : We can take marrow and half a lung from your son.
House : It would likely shorten his life significantly.
House : He'd never be able to go on a respirator if he needed to.
House : Most people with CMD need to as their respiratory function declines.
George : How long do we have to decide?
House : Morning at the latest.
UNK: George little Laugh, Almost Inaudible : Thank you.