House : All of which you are free to discuss after I get a diagnosis.
UNK: Chase doing Serious Doctoring : If it's long QT syndrome,
UNK: Chase doing Serious Doctoring : any startling stimulus in that skate park could've triggered the arrhythmia.
UNK: Chase doing Serious Doctoring : Loud noise, flashing lights.
House : Scare the patient to death to confirm long QT.
House : Fine. If you insist, do it in a room with one of those thingamabobs
House : that brings people back to life.
Foreman : Scare test is insane.
UNK: The scare test is legitimate, simulates real-world conditions.
UNK: This fling with Cuddy's insane.
Taub : Flare gun? Scary enough?
Foreman : How about just telling her we're planning this stupid test?
Foreman : And I'm hoping House and Cuddy are more than just a fling.
Foreman : It's clearly mellowed him out. He didn't even care about Thirteen.
Taub : Right, the guy who ordered us to stop the patient's heart is mellowed out.
Taub : It's gonna be horrible, because it's doomed.
Taub : Which is just gonna make House 50 times more of a crank.
Taub : Firecrackers. We can hide them under
House : one of those covered food trays.
House : Find any itching powder in your hanky?
House : Any fake poo in your desk drawer?
Wilson : Yes, the lack of dime-store pranks
Wilson : is proof that you're actually dating Cuddy
Wilson : and not just mocking me for being worried about you.
UNK: House extending His Arms : What do I have to do to prove this to you?
UNK: House extending His Arms : Tattoo a cane on her inner thigh?
UNK: House extending His Arms : Tattoo her inner thigh on my cane?
Cuddy : You told everybody, didn't you?
UNK: Repeatedly.
House : This one's not buying it. Need a little help.
Cuddy : I'm not selling it.
UNK: And it's time for our meeting at Human Resources.
UNK: House to Wilson, Thoughtfully : Human Resources. Now why would I need to go to Human Resources?
Wilson : House, you've been to Human Resources
Wilson : 74 times in the last six weeks.
House : Never after doing this.
Wilson : Well, I'm convinced.
UNK: House pleading, To Cuddy : Come on, one peck. Just enough to arouse him a little.
Wilson : Hey, I'm not even...
UNK: I didn't mean you.
Cudddy : If I confirm it, can we leave?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Cuddy turns Back To Wilson : It's true.
UNK: Wilson still Unconvinced : I've been more passionate with my great-aunt.
UNK: House raising His Left Arm, Enthusiastic : Mabel? Up high.
UNK: Are we done here?
UNK: House smiling : She didn't even ask me to cough.
UNK: I think you straightened out my limp a little.
UNK: Now, how would you describe the exact nature of the relationship?
UNK: House helpful : Those insects that rip their partners' heads off after copulating.
Cuddy : It's a sexual relationship.
House : Go slowly now. He's writing it down.
Cuddy : I believe that I can still supervise Dr. House effectively,
Cuddy : but we both want to follow hospital policy to the letter.
UNK: Hr Guy : Our concern is to make sure that there's no conflict of interest,
UNK: Hr Guy : no liability for the hospital...
UNK: House entertained : You think we're gonna sue if things go south?
UNK: House entertained : Let me tell you, she actually does go...
UNK: House.
Cuddy : Let him talk.
UNK: Hr Guy : I know that you're not going to sue,
UNK: Hr Guy : because you are both going to sign love contracts,
UNK: consensual relationship agreements.
UNK: House perusing The File : Well, obviously outside counsel will have
UNK: House perusing The File : to review the crotchless undies clause.
UNK: Hr Guy : We'll also need to watch for any favoritism toward Dr. House.
House : Does that mean she has to sleep with everyone?
UNK: Cuddy mischievously : I promise not to give him a raise or a promotion of any kind.
House : There's got to be a joke there about keeping up with inflation.
UNK: Hr Guy : Or bias against him.
UNK: Hr Guy : Are there any supervisory issues
UNK: Hr Guy : with Dr. House's current caseload?
UNK: Nope. Current case is solved.
House : Patient has long QT, we're gonna scare her
UNK: into a cardiac arrest to confirm.
Cuddy : No, we're not.
House : Okay. No, we're not.
House : See? Everything is under control.
Cuddy : I know you're still planning your ridiculous scare test.
UNK: But the patient is nowhere near
Cuddy : sick enough to justify the risk.
Cuddy : An angiogram and an EP study are much safer, and very effective.
UNK: Fair point. I'm not doing the scare test.
House : I'd invite you to watch me not doing the test,
House : but having not done it many times before,
UNK: cut To The Balcony, Where Claire, Della's Mother, Is Speaking Excitedly : trust me, it's pretty not interesting.