House : Do an angio and an EP study instead.
George : How come you're not doing the more specialized test?
Taub : This test is virtually just as effective.
Taub : And Dr. House puts a premium on patients' safety.
Hugo : But frequently changes his mind?
Della : Hugo, give him a break. I'm fine.
Foreman : You should go to the bathroom before we go.
Foreman : We've been hydrating you for quite a while.
Della : I don't have to pee.
Taub : Once we start the test, you won't be able to move for at least an hour.
Della : I really don't have to pee.
Foreman : How much fluid have we given her?
UNK: Taub looking At The Chart : 2.5 liters.
UNK: Taub looking At The Chart : When's the last time you went to the bathroom?
Della : Last night, I guess.
Claire : What does that mean?
Foreman : Your daughter's kidneys seem to be failing.
UNK: House looking Through The Blinds : So what could cause her heart to stop, and her urine not to drop?
Taub : House, I was expecting your relationship with Cuddy
Taub : to complicate our work long-term.
Taub : I am now concerned it might be affecting us short-term.
Taub : All due respect.
House : None taken.
House : I listen to Cuddy all the time. She's my boss. Also yours, by the way.
Taub : You'd listen, then tell her she's being an idiot, and do whatever you want.
House : I find I can skip the idiot part when she's not being an idiot.
UNK: And since the scare test would've led to this same dead end,
House : she was right to stop it. Which means your problem's about you.
Taub : This should be interesting.
House : Losers love company.
House : And if even a misanthrope like me has a chance at happiness,
House : it's gonna be pretty lonely on that landfill
House : of loser-dom you call a marriage.
House : Heart, kidneys, go.
Foreman : Could be Fabry disease. Lipid deposition in her tissues.
Chase : Dad's history was clean.
Foreman : What about protein deposits? They wouldn't show in her parents' history.
UNK: Amyloidosis. Explains both the symptoms.
House : Marrow transplant to treat.
UNK: Her brother's a match.
House : Confirm and do.
UNK: I've been experiencing fatigue and weakness.
House : Wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that you're 102 years old?
UNK: Old Guy, Sidney : Usually he's strong as an ox.
House : 102-year-old ox.
Sidney : He has tingling in his feet and his legs.
Sidney : I want a full battery of tests.
House : Carbon dating?
Sidney : I'll pay cash if it's not covered.
UNK: It's nice of you to float your friend...
Sidney : He's not my friend, he's my father. He's 22 years older than me.
UNK: Well, if that's true, he's definitely had his jowls done.
UNK: House looking Closely : Statistically, if he didn't have these symptoms,
UNK: House looking Closely : he'd be like most people of his age,
UNK: House looking Closely : dead for the past several decades.
Maurice : Do the tests, I'm sick.
House : You have a bad case of natural causes.
UNK: Sidney voice Rising : Do the damn tests.
House : If the vial fills with sand, we take that as a bad sign.
Della : Hugo should be here. Why'd you ask him to leave?
Taub : We wanted to be able to discuss this openly.
Della : But it obviously affects him.
Calire : Honey, let the doctor finish.
Taub : It's a standard procedure.
Taub : We use general anesthesia, harvest a very small amount of his...
Della : No. I'm not taking my brother's marrow.
George : Del, it's...
Taub : These harvests are harmless.
Taub : With the meds we give, there's almost no pain,