UNK: You got a green light?
UNK: House pushing The Speaker Button, Frowning : No. Suture the lung.
Chase : Scalpel, rib spreader.
House : I can't handle it.
UNK: Wilson folds The Letter He Was Reading : What happened?
UNK: She said yes, I heard no.
UNK: But I didn't actually hear no.
UNK: House rubs His Nose, Gestures A Lot With His Left Hand, Looks Defeated : I just was sure that's what she meant.
UNK: The way she tilted her head and half-arched her eyebrow.
UNK: But what do I even care what she meant?
UNK: House rubs His Nose, Gestures A Lot With His Left Hand, Looks Defeated : She said yes, that's all that matters.
UNK: House rubs His Nose, Gestures A Lot With His Left Hand, Looks Defeated : I'm screwing this up.
Wilson : It's not completely bad, House.
Wilson : You care enough to pull your punches. That's not a bad thing.
Wilson : But you and Cuddy have got to figure out
Wilson : a way of avoiding this problem.
Wilson : Set some ground rules.
UNK: Yeah. I have to avoid this problem.
House : If I can restrict our interactions
House : to places where neither of us are wearing pants.
Wilson : Yeah. That's not avoiding the problem, that's avoiding the issue.
House : Since avoidance is my plan for dealing with the issue,
UNK: technically, that's not avoiding it.
UNK: Thanks. No problem.
UNK: The stitching worked. This time.
Taub : No guarantee bowing to Cuddy'll work next time.
House : Heart arrhythmia, kidney failure, and now a bleeding lung...
Taub : I don't want to criticize your girlfriend, but...
House : Hey, you've been on me for years to respect someone's opinion.
UNK: Just because I had to go outside this group to find one I respect...
Foreman : Multi-system involvement centered in the lung. Sarcoidosis.
Chase : Doesn't explain the hemothorax.
UNK: TB can infect all three organs.
Taub : Skin test was negative. What about Goodpasture's?
Foreman : Affects the lungs, kidneys.
House : And autoimmune explains the out-of-the-blue arrhythmia.
House : Goodpasture's it is.
UNK: Immunosuppressants and plasmapheresis to treat,
House : kidney biopsy to confirm.
Cuddy : Dr. House!
House : Don't tell me.
House : Your father's hairline is receding and he needs more tests.
Sidney : He's 102, his next test is an autopsy.
UNK: Look, I love the old man, but I've got to get him out of the damn house.
Sidney : He can't do anything without me.
Sidney : He needs to be in a care facility.
House : So tell him. He's a big boy now.
House : I can't.
Sidney : I'm his whole life. But if it comes from a doctor...
House : That's very generous.
House : When you were 30.
UNK: Sidney gives Him Another Twenty : Pretend to run the tests.
UNK: Sidney gives Him Another Twenty : And then tell him he can't live with me anymore.
Cuddy : I didn't run into you all afternoon.
Cuddy : I missed you.
House : Busy day.
Cuddy : Maybe we should plan on lunch tomorrow.
House : Problem is, at lunch you tend to wear tops.
House : This is much better.
House : Cuddy and I are naked. So I'm having trouble focusing.
House : Use small words.
UNK: Foreman he And Chase Are In The Lab, Near A Computer Screen : Kidney biopsy was clean,
UNK: so we re-checked a piece of her lung from the OR.
House : You lost me. Sorry, who is this calling again?
Chase : There's intimal thickening of the blood vessels.
Chase : Plus her lung's fried. She needs a donor lung to live.
Foreman : Taub's gone to the transplant committee.
Foreman : They may have found a donor lung.
House : So this call is purely expositional?
UNK: We should really get dressed. I told the nanny I'd be home by 9 : 00.
UNK: And I slipped the nanny 40 bucks, told her to stay till 10 : 00.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Really.
Chase : Good news.