Foreman : But the donor lung started failing about an hour into recovery.
Taub : We know we're right about LAM, tests confirmed it.
UNK: Well, that leaves us with two options.
UNK: Her body is rejecting the new lung,
UNK: or we should've rejected the new lung
House : because it's infected.
Chase : Let's biopsy, see which one it is.
Taub : No guarantee we'd hit the affected spot.
Foreman : If we give steroids for rejection, it'd make an infection worse.
Foreman : If we give antibiotics for infection, it'd make rejection worse.
House : Which worse is worse?
UNK: If we treat her for infection and we're wrong, she'll be dead within hours.
House : And if we treat for rejection and we're wrong?
Taub : She'll probably hang on a day or two.
Foreman : You're assuming her rejection's hyperacute. Odds are it isn't.
UNK: Got to head off the worst worse first.
House : I studied under Dr. Seuss.
House : Start with IV methylprednisolone for hyperacute rejection.
House : If that fails, we'll switch her to broad-spectrum antibiotics,
House : and hope we're not too late.
House : Cat got your legs?
UNK: Taub matter-of-factly : We just decided to give meds that could kill the patient, based on a guess.
UNK: Taub matter-of-factly : You need approval from Cuddy.
UNK: Taub matter-of-factly : And she'll want to take the safer course.
UNK: Taub matter-of-factly : And you're gonna fold like an origami crane.
UNK: So I'll just wait here until we get our actual orders.
House : Fine. You do it.
House : Tell her she's being an idiot for always choosing the safer course.
House : She's sitting on her ample, if well-formed, bureaucratic ass
House : while our patient's dying.
House : We'll see who folds like an origami shrimp.
Taub : You want me to get Cuddy's approval?
UNK: I've gotta be somewhere important.
Taub : Sitting at your desk?
House : I'm running late.
Maurice : Forget the tests.
UNK: House quitting His Glasses : I think junior might have a few words to say about that.
Maurice : I love him but he can't let go.
UNK: House smirking, Leaning Back In His Chair : 40 bucks says he can.
Maurice : I can't do anything without him helping me like I'm senile.
Maurice : If I go back there, I'm gonna rip his throat out.
House : You sure you won't warm up to him over time?
UNK: Maurice gets A Hundred Dollars Note Out Of His Pocket And Hands It To House, Who Takes It : Skip the blood work.
UNK: Maurice gets A Hundred Dollars Note Out Of His Pocket And Hands It To House, Who Takes It : Tell my son it's grim news, I need to be in a nursing home.
UNK: Maurice gets A Hundred Dollars Note Out Of His Pocket And Hands It To House, Who Takes It : A private room.
UNK: Maurice gets A Hundred Dollars Note Out Of His Pocket And Hands It To House, Who Takes It : Make it a suite.
UNK: It'll be our little secret.
UNK: Cuddy threateningly : I sit around on my "bureaucratic ass"?
Taub : I was relaying your words.
UNK: I said "well-formed." I said "well-formed"!
Hugo : What were you... I needed to be aggressive.
House : You're an idiot.
Taub : She was siding with Foreman's analysis.
Cuddy : The odds are against it being hyperacute rejection...
UNK: Stop.
House : I agree with you. That was our analysis from the start.
House : If you've got a problem with a team decision, you come to me.
House : I'm sorry. I'll deal with him later.
UNK: I said "well-formed."
UNK: House to Taub : People who have not seen Cuddy naked should not throw stones.
UNK: Maurice approvingly : She does have great cans.
UNK: Taub indignant : Cuddy has House on such a short leash,
UNK: Taub indignant : she might as well start giving him chew-toys.
Chase : Let's give the antibiotics at least another hour.
Taub : Amazing. And House hasn't given you one ounce of grief