UNK: So it's five days since Joe and Vera met,
Castle : and they were very much in love.
UNK: After only five days? Come on.
Castle : Well, people didn't waste time back in the '40s.
Castle : Matter of fact, they were so much in love, they risked it all.
Beckett : So, what does that have to do with our secret safe?
Castle : It happened backstage, right upstairs.
UNK: Castle voiceover : They were stealing a moment together
UNK: Castle voiceover : which was dangerous because she was Dempsey's girl.
UNK: Castle voiceover : As they stared into each other's eyes, Kate's heart quickened.
UNK: Did you just say "Kate"?
Beckett : Are you picturing the PI as you, and me as the gangster's moll?
UNK: What? No.
UNK: And I didn't say "Kate." I said, "fate". Fate's heart quickened.
Castle : I was being poetic. God!
Castle : Anyway, as I was saying, they were just about to kiss, when...
UNK: MAN SPEAKS IN SPANISH
UNK: Who's that?
UNK: Hey, boyo, you must be a slow learner.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : There's my baby.
UNK: Cuchillo/esposito : He's with you, Miss Sinclair?
UNK: Betsy/lanie : Yes. And I don't appreciate you lugs
UNK: mopping the floor with him the other night.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : Not for nothing, but you need to keep this on the hush-hush.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : Dempsey's not too keen about mixed laundry.
UNK: Joe/castle : Well, then we'll just keep this our little secret. What do you say?
UNK: Betsy/lanie : All right, fellas.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : You better wise up, Vera.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : Dempsey will have you butchered if he finds out.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : I mean, he's a hell of a smoocher and all,
UNK: Betsy/lanie : but damn it, girl, is this yum-yum really worth it?
UNK: Vera/beckett : He's the cream in my coffee.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : You two are a walking fairy tale. Good Lord!
UNK: Come on.
UNK: Joe/castle : Betsy's right, you know?
UNK: Joe/castle : Dempsey will scrag us for sure if he catches us turtle-doving.
UNK: You got to get me away from here, Joe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Away from Dempsey, away from all of it.
UNK: Joe/castle : Oh, yeah? And go where? We can blow this town, sure.
UNK: Joe/castle : Only, how far are we gonna get when we're both flat broke?
UNK: Vera/beckett : We're not broke, Joe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : We've got all the money we need and more around my neck.