Ryan : Only suspect was Tom Dempsey,
Ryan : but there was never enough evidence to arrest.
Joe : You know, I bet you Dempsey caught the two of them
Beckett : trying to run away together and he killed them.
Beckett : But how does Stan's killer get Dempsey's gun 60 years later?
UNK: Unless Dempsey killed Stan.
Ryan : He'd be what, like 90 years old, but it's still possible.
CASTLE : It couldn't have been Dempsey.
UNK: He died of a heart attack four months after Joe and Vera were killed.
Castle : Still, we should dig up that 1947 police report.
Castle : There could be something in there about the gun
UNK: that could shed some light on Stan's murder.
Ryan : All right. I'll go to the warehouse and I'll pull up the old case files.
Castle : I want to go.
Ryan : Uh, okay.
Castle : Can I drive? I don't care.
ESPOSITO : Hey.
UNK: So I did a search of guns that Dempsey used to own.
Epsosito : Turns out there was an estate sale
Epsosito : where a treasure hunter named Clyde Belasco
Epsosito : bought all of Dempsey's firearms,
Epsosito : including two .38s.
Beckett : Wait, Clyde Belasco?
Beckett : Stan's wife said that the two of them watched a documentary about him
Beckett : and that inspired Stan to become a treasure hunter.
Esposito : Well, the connections don't stop there.
UNK: Belasco flew in from France a week ago.
Esposito : And I just found an article
UNK: that said that he searched for the Blue Butterfly for 15 years.
Beckett : That bookie said that Stan found someone
UNK: who had the missing piece of the puzzle.
Esposito : Maybe Belasco is that someone.
Castle : Here it is. This has been dusted off recently.
Ryan : Looks like we're not the only ones interested in this case.
Castle : Stan was here. He had to be.
Castle : Think about it. The diary, the murders?
Castle : All we're doing is walking in his footsteps.
Castle : This is the next piece of the puzzle.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Crime-scene photo of Vera and the PI.
Castle : Damn it, Joe, you old sap. Dizzy with a dame and got yourself cooked.
Ryan : So, Mr. Bogart, what exactly are we looking for here?
Castle : Our 1947 murders and our present day murder
Castle : have to be connected by more than just a gun.
Castle : Somewhere in here is that connection.
UNK: Clyde Belascoe : Yes, I bought several of Tom Dempsey's revolvers.
UNK: Clyde Belascoe : And by all means, test-fire every last one of them as you wish.
Esposito : We will. Now, how did you know Stan?