UNK: Do you know of anyone who's been threatening Stan lately?
Manager : I'm the manager here, not the den mother.
Ryan : Okay, then. When was the last time you saw him?
UNK: Lanie Parish : This morning. Stan was all smiles.
UNK: Gave notice he was moving out 'cause his ship was coming in.
Ryan : What ship?
Manager : Oh, I don't know, the Titanic, from the looks of things.
Esposito : If you can remember anything else, can you please give me a call?
Manager : Don't hold your breath, hotshot.
Ryan : I think she likes you.
UNK: Ex-wife : I have no idea why Stan was at the Pennybaker Club.
UNK: Ex-wife : But we've been separated for almost a year, so God knows where he's been.
Beckett : And when was the last time you spoke with him?
UNK: Ex-wife : Two months ago.
UNK: Ex-wife : Which is crazy
UNK: 'cause there was a time we couldn't go two hours without talking.
UNK: Ex-wife : But then Stan had to go and find that doubloon.
UNK: Doubloon? As in old Spanish coin?
UNK: Ex-wife : He dug one up on a beach in North Carolina.
UNK: Ex-wife : And after that, he got the bug.
UNK: Ex-wife : And it only got worse after he saw this stupid documentary
UNK: about Clyde Belasco, the treasure hunter.
UNK: Yeah, that's the fellow who found that sunken Confederate ship 10 years ago.
UNK: Ex-wife : Stan was so inspired,
UNK: Ex-wife : he quit his accounting job to search for lost antiquities.
UNK: Ex-wife : And even the last time we spoke,
UNK: Ex-wife : all he could talk about was how he was close to finding a blue butterfly.
UNK: Ex-wife : A blue... Like an insect?
UNK: Ex-wife : Who knows?
Beckett : Was he having problems with anyone that you know of?
UNK: Ex-wife : He had money problems, I know that.
UNK: Ex-wife : I got a call two days ago from some guy looking for Stan.
UNK: Ex-wife : Said that Stan owed him $10,000, and that he'd better pay,
UNK: Ex-wife : or else...
UNK: There's nothing in Stan's personal effects
Castle : about butterflies. Blue, or otherwise.
Ryan : Just a bunch of books about mobsters and Manhattan in the '40s.
Beckett : That's all right.
Beckett : Because I got a hit on that threatening money call to Stan's wife
Beckett : and it turns out it ca me from a dry cleaners.
Ryan : Maybe clothes aren't the only thing they're laundering.
Ryan : I'll check it out. Thanks.
UNK: CASTLE CHUCKLES
Castle : This diary in Stan's stuff. It's also from the '40s.
Castle : It sounds like it belonged to a private eye. Listen to this.
UNK: "Usually wives turn on the waterworks
UNK: "when shown pictures of their husbands stepping out.