Clyde : Oh, you should have seen how it sparkled.
UNK: Magnificent.
Clyde : I was about to pounce when suddenly there was a rag put over my mouth.
Clyde : It had a sweet smell like it was doused with chloroform.
Castle : Chloroform? Really?
Castle : It had to be. Everything went dark.
Clyde : And when I came to, Stan was dead.
Clyde : I searched his body,
Clyde : but whoever knocked me out took the Blue Butterfly with them.
CASTLE : God, I hope it's him!
Beckett : Yeah, but without a confession our case is purely circumstantial.
Beckett : Gonna see if I can get a warrant for Belasco's place.
Castle : Which place? The condo, the chateau or the chalet?
UNK: Hi, yeah, this is Detective Kate Beckett, 12th Precinct.
Beckett : I'm calling for the riding ADA.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Yeah, okay, I'll hold.
CASTLE : Well, it's kind of disappointing.
Castle : I was really hoping that solving Stan's murder
Castle : would give us some answers to what really happened to Joe and Vera.
Beckett : Yeah, but we already know what really happened.
Beckett : Dempsey killed them both.
Castle : Well, that's the obvious version. But what about Sally?
UNK: What's her part in all of this? And why would she hire Joe?
Beckett : I guess we'll never know.
Castle : No, something else was going on. Something we're missing.
Castle : "Wearing T-strap shoes and a country suit,
UNK: "I could tell that redhead was a hick off the cob."
Beckett : Wait, what did you just say?
Castle : Well, that's just how Joe described her in his diary.
Beckett : No, the part about the shoes?
UNK: T-strap? It's the one that's strap comes over the...
Beckett : Yeah, can I just call you back?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Take a look at this photo.
Beckett : There's a shoe next to the car.
Beckett : And look at what kind of shoe it is.
Castle : That's a T-strap. You don't think?
Beckett : If Vera was at the club that night,
Beckett : she'd be dressed in an elegant dress and...
Castle : And heels! This isn't Vera, this is Sally!
Beckett : Yeah, but it can't be Sally.
Beckett : The bartender said that he saw her months after the murders. Unless...
UNK: Castle & Beckett : He lied! He lied!
Beckett : But that was over half a century ago. Why would he lie about that?
Castle : Beckett, I just realized something. Huh?
Castle : I Can't Give You Anything But Love.
UNK: What?
Castle : That's what was playing when we interviewed the bartender.
UNK: Right. Right, he said that that was the best version of this song.
Castle : It was Louis Armstrong's version.
Castle : In Joe's diary, he says his favorite performer is Satchmo.