Jerry : gave me a big, old crocodile grin,
UNK: and said she was free.
UNK: Then she strutted on out the door,
Jerry : and that's the last time I ever saw her.
Castle : It's a revenge story.
Castle : Sally blamed Vera for the death of her mother, so she plotted to take her down.
UNK: Somehow, she used the PI to do it.
Castle : She must have been setting them up.
Beckett : Yeah, but how does any of this help us figure out who shot Stan?
UNK: So, West Side Wally. May I call you Wally?
UNK: I prefer West Side.
UNK: Florence/martha : Of course.
UNK: West Side, we know you were at the Pennybaker Club two days ago.
Esposito : Yeah, we found your squat.
Wally : Whoa, Cagney and Lacey, you can stop right there.
Wally : I wasn't living in the club two days ago.
UNK: I'd already gotten bought out by the other guy.
Wally : Bought out? By the other guy?
UNK: A few days ago, the guy comes in and starts setting up a squat by the bar.
UNK: But West Side Wally didn't do neighbors.
UNK: So I said, "Hey, Professor, kick rocks."
Wally : He wouldn't take no for an answer.
Wally : Ended up paying me $400 to relocate.
Wally : So again, for the record this time, I wasn't there.
Ryan : Easy, easy, okay? Did you get this guy's name?
Wally : I didn't ask. He didn't say.
Esposito : Can you describe him?
Wally : Medium height, medium build, white, 50s.
UNK: I called him "the professor" because he spoke like a pretentious jerk.
Wally : Hey, it's the professor!
Epsosito : Clyde Belasco.
UNK: We know that you were at the Pennybaker Club, Mr. Belasco.
Beckett : You paid off a homeless man so that you could have the place to yourself.
Clyde : I have a condo on the Upper East Side,
Clyde : a chateau in Bordeaux, a chalet in Gstaad,
Clyde : and yet, on the word of some vagrant,
Clyde : you believe that I paid to squat in an abandoned building?
Clyde : Me, Clyde Belasco?
Castle : Pretty much.
UNK: I'd like to see you prove it, sir.
Beckett : All right, have it your way, Professor.
Beckett : We will see you at the sentencing hearing.
Beckett : You can do your TV show from prison.
UNK: Wait!
Clyde : Okay, I was there. I admit it.
Clyde : I was at the Pennybaker Club when Stan was killed,
Clyde : but I didn't kill him.
Clyde : Like I said before,
Clyde : Stan came to me and asked for my research on the Blue Butterfly.
Beckett : And you said no?
Clyde : Of course I said no.
UNK: I searched for that necklace for 15 years.
Clyde : And now I'm just supposed to help him?
Clyde : The glory was to be mine.
UNK: But you knew he was onto something, didn't you?
Clyde : Oh, yes. I could tell he was close. So very close.
Clyde : Stan knew thin gs about the club,
Clyde : about the necklace that I had never heard before.
Beckett : So you staked out the club, and when Stan showed, you shot him.
Clyde : I didn't shoot him, Detective!
Clyde : Yes, I had a pistol with me. And a bull whip.
Clyde : They're my trademarks, everyone knows that.
Clyde : But I brought a mask and gloves as well
Clyde : because I was simply going to threaten him and take the prize.
UNK: So what happened?
Clyde : I was lying in wait.
Clyde : Stan went downstairs, and when he returned,
Clyde : he was holding the Blue Butterfly.