UNK: And how did you do that?
Tom : There's this singer who used to headline
Tom : at my granddad's club, Betsy Sinclair.
UNK: Couple of weeks ago, she passed away.
Tom : Well, I went there to pay my respects,
Tom : and who do I see there, but Nathaniel, chatting up this old guy.
Tom : He sees me, jets out the back.
UNK: I'm like, "What the hell is this all about?" Right?
Tom : So, I look in the guest book, I figured it out.
UNK: He'd signed his real name, Stan Banks.
Beckett : Which is when you figured out he wasn't really a biographer?
Tom : He was just another low-life treasure hunter looking for the Blue Butterfly.
UNK: And if anybody deserved the Blue Butterfly, well, it's you, right?
Castle : So you followed Stan. And when Stan found it, you shot him.
Tom : I did not shoot him.
UNK: Stan, wait, Stan did find it?
UNK: Come on, you tell us.
Manager : I don't know. I was not there.
Tom : I read in the newspaper that the guy was dead.
Tom : I went to his apartment to see what I could find.
Tom : And I didn't kill the guy.
UNK: So Dempsey's alibi holds u He didn't kill Stan.
Epsosito : Well, that's all right, 'cause we caught a break.
Epsosito : Unis finally tracked down West Side Wally.
Epsosito : They're bringing him in now.
Beckett : Great. Maybe that can shed some light as to what happened to Stan.
Castle : And if he can't, maybe Jerry Maddox can.
Castle : Jerry Maddox?
Castle : You remember how Tom the third told us
Castle : that Stan went to Betsy Sinclair's funeral?
Castle : I started thinking, why would he go?
Esposito : To do research.
UNK: Right. But research on whom?
Castle : So I stopped by at the funeral parlor.
Castle : Turns out that Stan spent an awful lot of time
Castle : with a friend of the deceased named Jerry Maddox.
Castle : And get this, Jerry was the old bartender at the Pennybaker Club.
Castle : And probably the last living link to the Blue Butterfly.
Esposito : Good job, Castle.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Yeah.
Frankie : Jerry, this is Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. They wanted a word.
UNK: Joe/castle : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Viola Maddox : You want some soup? It's homemade.
Castle : Oh, I don't mind if I do. That smells delicious.
Beckett : Uh, no, thank you. Actually, we're all right.
UNK: JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Am I hearing I Can't Give You Anything But Love?
UNK: That's right, kid. And that's the best version of that tune, too.
UNK: You come here to talk music, did you?