UNK: Vera/beckett : What lie?
UNK: Joe/castle : Well, I guess it's time to come clean, huh.
UNK: Look, doll, it was no coincidence I met you in the club that night.
UNK: Joe/castle : I was hired to come find you, see?
UNK: Joe/castle : Only I couldn't tell you who. It's just...
UNK: Vera/beckett : Cut the corners, Joe, who hired you?
UNK: Joe/castle : It was your sister.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Joe, I don't have a sister.
Ryan : What happens next?
Manager : I don't know. That's the end of the statement.
Ryan : But if Sally wasn't Vera's sister, then who was she?
UNK: Sally set up the P I. It's a classic film noir twist.
Ryan : But why? I don't know.
Ryan : What was Sally up to? I don't know.
Ryan : Do you think she was connected to Dempsey?
Manager : I don't know. Isn't this great?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Hey.
Esposito : So our uniforms got a line on that homeless guy
Esposito : who was squatting in the Pennybaker. A hot-dog vendor ID'd him.
Esposito : Said the guy goes by t he name of West Side Wally.
Esposito : I put a want out on the guy.
Beckett : Great, that might be the break we need to catch Stan's killer.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS Excuse me.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: What? When? All right, I'm on my way. Thank you.
Esposito : That was the manager of Stan's residency hotel.
Esposito : A guy driving a white Mustang
Esposito : just forced his way into Stan's room. He's still there.
UNK: NYPD! Show us your hands!
Esposito : Show us your hands, now!
Beckett : Turn around slowly.
Beckett : You're Tom Dempsey.
UNK: Tom Dempsey : Yeah, that's me.
BECKETT : Tom Dempsey III.
UNK: A dead ringer. Complete doppelganger.
Tom : It's DNA, guys, it's not a magic trick. I'm his grandson.
Tom : All right, look, I'm sorry I broke in a door.
Tom : I'll pay for the damages. It's no big deal. Why am I still here?
Castle : Well, we were just curious to see
Castle : if you inherited anything else from your grandfather aside from his looks.
Beckett : Yeah, like one of his .38 revolvers that you used to kill Stan Banks.
Tom : Whoa, whoa, whoa, that didn't happen.
Tom : Look, Stan came to me,
Tom : only he told me his name was Nathaniel Jenkins.
Tom : He said he was a biographer.
Tom : Said he wanted to do a story about my grandfather.
Tom : He promised not to focus on his underworld dealings.
Tom : Just on the good stuff.
Tom : Like how my granddad was a pillar of the community.
Castle : More like a killer of the community.
BECKETT : And so when he made his pitch,
Beckett : you, wanting to rehabilitate your family name, cooperated.
UNK: Yeah.
Tom : I gave him access to all Granddad's old papers and everything was cool.
UNK: Until I found out the whole thing was a lie.