Phoebe : Hey, you guys!
Phoebe : Chandler's coming and he has incredible news.
Phoebe : So when he gets here, let's all act, like, you know
UNK: Never mind. But it was gonna be really good.
Ross : What's going on?
Chandler : So it's a typical day at work...
UNK: ...and Big Al tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
UNK: -That is great! -Congratulations!
Chandler : So I quit.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Why? This was a temp job.
Monica : Chandler, you've been there for five years.
UNK: I know, but if I took it, I'd be admitting that this is what I do.
UNK: Does that mean we have to start buying our own toilet paper?
UNK: That was Joey Tribbiani with the big picture. Dan?
UNK: Was it more money?
Chandler : Doesn't matter. I just don't want to be a guy who sits in his office...
Chandler : ...worrying about the WENUS.
UNK: The "WENUS"?
Chandler : Weekly estimated net usage system. It's a processing term.
Rachel : Oh, that WENUS.
UNK: What will you do?
UNK: I don't know. But I won't figure it out working there.
Phoebe : I have something you can do!
Phoebe : I have this new massage client, Steve.
Phoebe : Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant...
Phoebe : ...and he's looking for a head chef.
Monica : -Hi, there. -Hi.
Phoebe : I know. You're a chef and I thought of you first.
Phoebe : But Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
UNK: I just don't have a lot of chef-ing experience.
Chandler : Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
UNK: What is he looking for?
UNK: He wants to do something eclectic.
Phoebe : He's looking for someone who can create the entire menu.
Phoebe : So, what do you think?
UNK: Thanks. I just don't see myself in a big, white hat.
Phoebe : Oh, Monica! Guess what?
UNK: a perfect run-up and there he goes, a perfect....
UNK: Watch stuff like this...
UNK: ...and you realize why evolution is just a theory.
Chandler : Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Rachel : No, but don't worry. I'm sure they're still there.
Phoebe : Where are you going?
UNK: I have an appointment with Dr. Robert Pilman, career counselor-a-go-go!
Chandler : -I added the "a-go-go." -Career counselor?
Chandler : You guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler : I don't.
Chandler : You guys in the living room all know what you want to do.
Chandler : You have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream!
Ross : The lesser-known "I Don't Have a Dream" speech.
Monica : I love my life! I love my life!
UNK: "Brian's Song"!
UNK: -The meeting went great? -So great!
Monica : He showed me where the restaurant's gonna be.
UNK: It's not too big or too small. It's just right.
Chandler : Was it formerly owned by a blond woman and some bears?
UNK: I'm cooking for him Monday, kind of an audition.
UNK: Phoebe, he wants you here. It's great. You can make yummy noises.
UNK: -What are you gonna make? -Yummy noises.
UNK: -And Monica, what are you gonna make? -I don't know. It's gotta be great.
UNK: I know what you can make! I know!
UNK: You should make that thing with the stuff.
Phoebe : You know that thing with the stuff?
UNK: Okay, I don't know.
UNK: Anyone know a good date place in the neighborhood?
UNK: How about Tony's? If you finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
UNK: Anyone know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Chandler : -Who are you going out with? -ls this the bug lady?
UNK: "I love you, Ross."
UNK: Her name is Celia and she's insect curator at the museum.
UNK: -What are you gonna do? -Go out to dinner...
UNK: ...then bring her back to my place and introduce her to my monkey.
Chandler : And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Joey : So back to your place? You thinking maybe....
Ross : Well, I don't know....
Ross : I'm hoping....
Joey : That monkey is a chick magnet.
UNK: She'll take one look at his cute, little face and it'll seal the deal.
Ross : Celia, don't worry. He's not gonna hurt you!
Ross : Soothing tones.
UNK: -Here, Marcel. -I can't stand this.
UNK: -He's got his claws on my -Yeah, all right.