Barney : Okay, beep, beep. Backing up, um...
UNK: Hi, barney. Oh...
Girl : Oh, my god.
Girl : Are you married? Is this your wife?
Barney : What? No.
Barney : Yes!
UNK: Yes? Yes.
Girl : You son of a bitch!
Girl : I can't believe I let you enter my sacred temple.
UNK: Come on, baby. Oh, dawn, you can find...
UNK: Please, no. Oh, you don't understand.
Robin : What have I done? This is the worst.
UNK: How could...?
Barney : You're not going anywhere.
Ted : Wow.
Barney : That was close.
Barney : That hippie chick wouldn't leave.
Barney : She was ready to squat here.
Lily : Well, she'd have to
Lily : With your spring-loaded toilet seat, wouldn't she?
Barney : She was freakishly immune to everything in my apartment...
Barney : Except you.
UNK: You're better than porn.
UNK: Thank you?
Barney : How would you like to extend your stay here?
Barney : All you'd have to do
Barney : Is pretend to be my wife,
Barney : And scare off the occasional one-night stand.
UNK: I know, I know. You've got your ethics.
Barney : You've got your principles... I'll do it.
UNK: Head waiter : Really?
UNK: Barney, you've clearly got
Lily : Some serious mother issues that have left you
Lily : The emotional equivalent of a scavenging sewer rat.
Lily : But, in my
Lily : Other apartment, I would be living
Lily : With an actual scavenging sewer rat, so you win.
Barney : I'll take it.
UNK: Mamma mia?
Brad : Mamma mia.
Robin : You know what?
Marshall : It's supposed to be
Marshall : A great musical, okay?
Marshall : It won all sorts of tonys and stuff.
Ted : No, totally.
Ted : It sounds like a really, really fun, exciting, third date.
Robin : Ooh, third date.
Robin : You know what that means.
UNK: It is not a date, okay.
Marshall : It's just two bros taking in a broadway show.
Ted : You bros going to get dinner beforehand?
Marshall : We might grab a steak, yeah.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Where at?
UNK: Cafe I'amour.
Marshall : Brad says the food is really good there, okay.
Robin : Sounds like brad's got quite the night planned out.
Robin : You better bring your "a" game.
Robin : That means no granny panties.
Marshall : All right, you know what?
Marshall : You two are just threatened
Marshall : Because I'm a single guy moving in on your couples' turf.
Marshall : Well, guess what?
Marshall : It's my territory now.
Marshall : I'm peeing all over brunches, fancy dinners and musicals.
UNK: That's right; brad and I are taking back broadway.
Ted : What are you going to wear?
Marshall : I was thinking like this collared shirt and these pin...
Marshall : Oh, you know what? Shut up.
Barney : Can you pass the arts and leisure?
Barney : Can you pass the arts and leisure?
Girl : I just did.
UNK: Lily walking in : Honey, I'm...
UNK: Lily walking in : Barney, what the hell is going on here?
Barney : Lily, I can explain...
Barney : How could you?
Lily : In our own home?
UNK: You bastard!
Girl : I'm so sorry. I-I didn't know he had... Just get out.
Lily : This is what I get after I worked as a stripper
Lily : For four years to put you through medical school?
Lily : I got breast implants for you.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : I...
Lily : I was just about to turn on the tears.
Barney : Brava.
Barney : That was incredible. And that