Ted : Your uncle barney was always a bit of an enigma.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : In all the years we lived in new york,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : None of us had ever set foot in his apartment.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Until one day, one of us did.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : It's a pretty good story.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And believe it or not, alcohol did not play a role.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : It all started two weeks earlier
UNK: Ted from 2030 : At lily's housewarming.
Lily : Welcome to my new home.
Ted : Oh, wow, lily, this is...
Ted : Oh, this is all of it.
UNK: Yeah, I know it's small,
Lily : But it's got character.
Lily : Thank you.
Lily : And I am learning lithuanian from my neighbors.
Lily : They're great.
Lily : They're always out there in the hall, you know,
Lily : Cooking and gambling and giving each other haircuts.
Lily : It's nice.
UNK: Hey, is that a toilet in your kitchen?
Robin : Or a stove in your bathroom?
UNK: Oh, that's not just a stove.
UNK: That's a stovenkerator :
UNK: A combination of a stove,
UNK: Oven, sink and refrigerator.
UNK: Stovenkerator.
UNK: Isn't that futuristic?
UNK: God, I hope not.
Ted : Hey, cool murphy bed.
UNK: Yeah, it's kind of a mess.
Lily : I didn't make my bed this morning, so...
Robin : Oh!
Robin : You know what,
Robin : I bet sleeping at this angle is good for you.
Robin : For some reason.
Ted : I got it.
UNK: That was, something, something,
Lily : I am going to, something, you like a, something, donkey.
Barney : Huh.
Robin : Other cultures.
Lily : Hey,
Lily : Let's break out the fruit basket.
Lily : Hey, who ate all the...?
Ted : Okay, we have to get lily out of that apartment.
Ted : Her roommate is a raccoon.
Robin : I'd offer her my place,
Robin : But I've got dogs and she's allergic.
Ted : Dogs? I live with her ex-boyfriend.
Ted : I think she's a little more allergic to that.
Robin : What about your place, barney?
Robin : I know it's shrouded in mystery,
Robin : But it's gotta have a couch.
Barney : The fortress of barnitude? No way.
Robin : Come on. She's desperate.
Barney : Hmm, normally a prerequisite for the women I bring home,
Barney : But... Pass.
UNK: Marshall arriving : One of you guys is very, very lucky
UNK: Marshall arriving : Because I have...
UNK: A boom, an extra ticket
UNK: Marshall arriving : To the alanis morissette concert. Who's in? Ew.
UNK: Absolutely not. No.
Marshall : Damn! I got these tickets, like, months ago
Marshall : For me and lily and now I can't find anyone to go with me.
Marshall : This is what I miss about being in a couple.
Marshall : I always had someone to go to concerts with,
Marshall : Or farmer's market,
Marshall : Or brunch.
Marshall : God, I miss brunch!
Ted : Well, I guess you could...
Ted : Well, you could try going to brunch alone.
Marshall : Oh, you don't think I've tried?
Marshall : Table for one.
UNK: Head waiter : One couple?
Marshall : Um, no, just me.
UNK: Head waiter : Really? For brunch?
Marshall : You're right. Who am I kidding?
UNK: Ooh, the popover pantry. That place is great.
Robin : Can we go get brunch tomorrow?
Ted : Of course, sweetie.
Marshall : Can I go with you guys?
UNK: Head waiter : Really? For brunch?
Marshall : God, I hate being single!
UNK: Okay, I'll take the over on the pittsburgh game.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : Oh, and p. To the s., I never got my payout
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : From seattle from two weeks ago.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : Yeah. Don't make me call the gaming commission on you.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : I'm sure they'd be very interested
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : To know what's going on over there.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : All right? All right?
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : Okay, I love you, too, mom. Take care.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : Hello, lily.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : You've somehow managed to circumvent my security.
UNK: At Barney's apartment.Barney on the phone : How did you do it?
Lily : Ted gave me your spare key.
UNK: Spare key, brilliant!
UNK: I'm sorry, but you know I'd only come here
Lily : If I had no other choice.
Lily : But earlier today, I was getting ready to go to sleep and...
UNK: [FLASHBACK. Lily tries to spread out her bed and the wall collapses]Lily to her Lithuanian neighbor : Sveikas.
Barney : That's terrible.
Barney : Well, see ya.
UNK: Well, can I stay here maybe? Oh...
Barney : I'd let you, but I don't have any room.
Lily : You live in a two-bedroom apartment.
Lily : You have one room just for your suits.
Barney : Hey, I'm at a point in my life
Barney : Where my suits are my family.
Barney : Look around you, lily.
Barney : You are in the heart of bachelor country,
Barney : And as a woman, you are an illegal immigrant here.
UNK: Now, you can try to apply for a sex visa,
Barney : But that only lasts 12 hours.
Barney : 14 if you qualify for multiple entry.
UNK: Eww... Is something
Lily : Some lame, judgmental chick would say,
Lily : But I say give me multiple high fives.
Barney : Wow, you really are desperate.
Lily : I really am.
Barney : Okay, you can stay here for two days.