Adams : Could be some sort of connective tissue disorder.
Elizabeth : What if...
Elizabeth : What if we're just seeing the end result of her condition?
Elizabeth : She's unique.
UNK: One screwed up gene from each of us...
Taub : Let's stick with our process.
Elizabeth : I shouldn't be here.
Chase : What are we missing?
Taub : Advanced Lyme disease?
Park : Would have seen it in the blood. He said "advanced."
Chase : We wouldn't pick it up in her blood if it's in her organs and nervous system now.
Chase : It fits everything but the nose bleed.
Park : But why is it attacking now, all at once?
Park : What's changed?
Adams : Elizabeth has.
Adams : She stopped giving Emily the LEX-2.
Adams : It's an aminoglycoside antibiotic.
Adams : It's what was keeping the Lyme in check.
Chase : We need to start her on amoxicillin.
Wilson : You lied.
UNK: It doesn't taste better coming back up.
House : Here's another one. You look good.
Wilson : What's the white blood cell count?
House : It's down to 1,000. Still dropping.
Wilson : I need more morphine. We're out.
House : You've been using my personal supply of pain killers
House : for the last eight hours.
Wilson : You have enough for both of us?
House : I've got enough stashed around here for a minion.
House : Just remember they're a gift,
House : so it's rude to keep throwing them up.
House : Found that out with those candlesticks you got me.
Chase : We think it's Lyme.
Elizabeth : I would have seen signs of that.
Adams : Not if the LEX-2 was keeping it in check.
Elizabeth : We live in the city, we don't have pets.
Elizabeth : She's never even been in the woods.
Emily : Yes, I have.
Emily : With Daddy.
Simon : I should have told you, but I know how you feel about it.
Simon : I grew up hunting with my dad.
Simon : I wanted to share it with my daughter at least once.
Emily : We only took pictures. You don't need to be mad.
Adams : - Maybe we should step outside. - No.
Elizabeth : We can't protect her from everything.
Elizabeth : I assume you'll need a lumbar puncture lo confirm.
House : You lost a contact?
Wilson : Going to the little boy's room.
House : They're called adult diapers for a reason.
House : Use it. I did.
Wilson : And if you think I'm gonna let you change me...
Elizabeth : It's okay. I'm a doctor.
Wilson : Hey, just leave me alone!
Wilson : It's pathetic.
Wilson : I'm pathetic.
Wilson : An oncologist with cancer. Of all the things that could be killing me...
Wilson : It's like the universe is giving me the big middle finger.
House : The universe doesn't care. Why me?
UNK: I was always telling my patients not to torture themselves
Wilson : because there's no answer.
House : Sound advice.
Wilson : It's cruel advice.
Wilson : They were just trying to make sense of what was happening to them
Wilson : and I'm there telling them not to bother?
UNK: I should've spent my life being more like you.
UNK: I should've been a manipulative, self-centered, narcissistic ass
Wilson : who brought misery to everything and everyone in his life.
House : You'd still have cancer.
Wilson : Yeah. But at least I'd feel like I deserved it.
Emily : Do you think my parents will get back together?
Simon : I don't know.
Chase : I'm sure they love each other but...
Emily : They only fight about me.
Adams : That's because they care so much.
Emily : So, maybe when I die, they'll get back together.
Elizabeth : Emily, what's wrong? I can't move my arm.
Chase : Keep your arms up for me.
Elizabeth : What's happening to her? She's having a stroke.