Chase : I think we just hit the environmental mother lode.
Chase : Funny she never mentioned an entire basement
Chase : full of dangerous chemicals and drugs.
Adams : You think she'd even let Emily down here?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And apparently a lot.
Adams : You ever heard of LEX-2?
UNK: I've read about it.
Chase : It's an experimental aminoglycoside antibiotic.
Chase : Supposedly it can override DNA errors in the ATM gene.
Adams : Doesn't mean she's giving it to her daughter.
Adams : Anyone studying A-T would be researching it.
UNK: How?
Chase : You see any lab rats down here?
Chase : The only cage I see is right there.
Wilson : Go away. I have a headache.
House : We don't have to have sex.
House : Sometimes it's nice just to cuddle and talk.
House : Me first.
House : You don't want a second opinion.
House : You're already on your fifth.
UNK: You have Evans at Mercy, Shaw at County,
House : Foster at Johns Hopkins.
House : Every one of them has given you the same advice.
House : You're nuts.
House : You don't just want chemo.
House : You want a dose so high
House : there's a one-in-three chance it will kill you outright.
UNK: The question is,
House : why didn't you tell me?
House : Because you knew I'd stop you.
House : Which means you've already found someone insane enough
House : or desperate enough
House : to give you what amounts to a death dose of chemicals.
House : But who would be that stupid?
House : I'm thinking that the "who" is you.
House : Where exactly were you planning on killing yourself?
House : 'Cause I don't think Foreman is going to let you do it here.
Wilson : My place. I've been stockpiling equipment.
Wilson : No. No! Stop.
Wilson : I'm still healthy,
Wilson : why not go the extreme route now when there's a better chance of surviving it'?
UNK: Statistically,
House : this treatment has about the same chance of killing you as the thymoma does.
House : But a hell of a lot faster.
UNK: Nancy Wells. Cervical cancer, 70% survival rate.
UNK: Died November 6, 1998. 64 years old.
UNK: Bernie Jones, melanoma, 89% survival rate.
UNK: October 10, 1999. He was 52.
UNK: John Taylor. Thyroid,
UNK: 96% survival rate.
UNK: I promised him he'd be fine.
UNK: Eight years old.
Wilson : I am not going to die slowly in a hospital bed under fluorescent lighting
Wilson : with people stopping by to gawk and lie about how I look.
Wilson : Even a small chance of that happening is too big a chance for me.
House : You're an idiot.
House : And the odds say you're going to die.
House : We'll do it at my place.
Chase : The only environmental factors we think caused your daughter's illness
Chase : are the ones you shot her full of.
Elizabeth : I tested the drug.
Elizabeth : This is what I did for a living for 10 years.
Adams : She's your child, not a guinea pig.
Elizabeth : I tested it first.
Elizabeth : On myself.
Elizabeth : And in six months I didn't document any adverse effects.
Foreman : A trial of one is basically irrelevant.
Elizabeth : Respiratory infections are common with A-T.
Elizabeth : With Emily's mutation, they are deadly and they get worse every year.
Elizabeth : LEX-2 won't be approved for at least the next five years.
Elizabeth : Emily, on the other hand, wouldn't have survived the winter.
Elizabeth : What was I supposed to do?
Foreman : There's a reason for FDA requirements. A study at Jackson Memorial...
Elizabeth : I know about Gaines' research. He's publishing next month.
Foreman : Was. I just spoke to him.
Foreman : His team just linked the use of LEX-2 to renal failure in mice and rats.
UNK: She needs an ultrasound-guided renal biopsy to check the damage.
UNK: Hopefully, ifs reversible.