Chase : Stop it.
Chase : Your daughter deserves better than this.
Elizabeth : It's okay, sweetie.
Simon : Mommy and I are just going to talk. Okay?
UNK: Wanna get some candy?
Taub : We believe Emily has a clot in her lungs.
Taub : If you leave now, she could die before her new doctors are even up to speed.
UNK: What, from her A-T?
Taub : From the fall off the carousel.
Elizabeth : Now can we just stop blaming each other and do the right thing here?
UNK: What, you're really going to equate the two?
Elizabeth : No. You were giving her two minutes of fun. I was trying to save her life.
Simon : What's her best friend's name?
Simon : What's the name of her favorite teacher?
UNK: Why did she hate that stuffed animal you gave her?
Simon : She's been having nightmares about penguins all month.
Elizabeth : What's her blood type?
Elizabeth : Rh factor? Her serum immunoglobulin levels?
Simon : I don't care. Those are letters and numbers. That's not her.
Elizabeth : What about the variant in her E14 ATM intergenic promoter region?
Elizabeth : 'Cause that's what's killing our daughter.
Elizabeth : Unless I can find a way to reactivate it.
Simon : Just make her better.
John : You don't look too good, mister.
Wilson : How did you get in here?
House : The door.
John : Are you, like, sick or something?
Wilson : Where's House?
Wilson : Where are your parents?
Wilson : I know you.
Wilson : You live in the building, right?
Wilson : What's your name? You don't remember?
UNK: House.
John : You promised me I'd go home again, Dr. Wilson.
John : You said it wasn't my fault.
John : If I didn't do nothing wrong, why did I die?
Simon : I don't know.
Wilson : I shouldn't have done this.
Wilson : Am I dead?
House : Not yet. Not yet.
House : It just feels that way.
House : Are you okay?
House : Apart from the pain, vomiting, diarrhea and cramps?
Taub : I worked six months in a research lab after med school.
Taub : You get so focused.
Taub : Once I didn't eat for two days.
Taub : It's easy to forget what actually matters.
Elizabeth : I didn't.
Elizabeth : Yeah, it sucks I got her the wrong doll but...
House : Good news.
Park : Emily's lungs are clear. No clot.
Elizabeth : And bad news. We still don't know what's happening to her.
Taub : Whatever it is, there's liver involvement. Her eyes are jaundiced.
UNK: Her liver is failing.
Taub : We found a blockage in her hepatic vein
Taub : which is restricting blood flow to her liver.
Park : Polycythemia vera? Her red blood counts are normal.