Elizabeth : Wake up, sleepy head.
Elizabeth : I saw it in the gift shop. I know how much you like them.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: They're going to take you for an MRI now.
Adams : It means "magic really cool images."
Emily : I thought it stood for magnetic resonance imaging.
Simon : We've spent a lot of time in hospitals.
UNK: B-9.
Wilson : Hit. And I hate you.
Wilson : I'm done.
House : I sunk your battleship? No.
UNK: But I think I'm going to puke.
House : Good. Now that you're sufficiently buzzed,
House : what was the reason behind you freaking out on Kondo?
House : You scared? In denial?
Wilson : I know you get confused any time someone thinks that you're wrong.
Wilson : But it's not considered freaking out for a patient to ask for a second opinion.
House : Okay, well, here it is. Kondo was right.
House : You should be in radiology right now.
Wilson : Well done. You've kept your word for almost two hours.
UNK: Every day you wait, our pal, Tumie, is growing larger in your chest.
House : You want to live, stop screwing around and do something about ii.
Wilson : Good idea.
Wilson : I think I'll start with spending spring break on my own.
UNK: How are you feeling in there, Emily?
Adams : Something wrong?
UNK: That's...
Taub : My daughters do that, too,
Taub : but they know that sometimes when it seems like mommy and daddy are fighting,
Taub : it's really only because they're worried about you.
Taub : No. Everything's fine at home.
Taub : Hold still now. No more talking.
Adams : What do you think of her mother?
Adams : She called her daughter "the patient."
Taub : If my kids were born with an expiration date,
Simon : I don't...
Taub : Where does it hurt?
Emily : I want my daddy! Where's my daddy?
Taub : We were able to restore circulation to her hands and feet
Taub : before any permanent damage set in.
Chase : Primary Raynaud's?
Chase : The cold inside the MRI room could have set it off.
Adams : Stress can also precipitate the condition.
Elizabeth : She's shown no evidence of cold sensitivity and she has no problems with MRI machines.
Adams : There are other kinds of stress.
Adams : She heard you and your husband fighting.
Elizabeth : Unfortunately, she's heard a lot worse than that before. It's not stress.
Taub : Could be secondary Raynaud's.
Taub : Lupus is consistent with Emily's symptoms.
Elizabeth : Her lymph nodes aren't enlarged
Elizabeth : and she has shown no signs of immune activation.
Elizabeth : It could be heavy metal poisoning.
Park : From what? The carousel?
Park : She was only on it for a minute.
Elizabeth : Simon moved into an old apartment building three weeks ago.
Elizabeth : I'm sure he has no idea what the insulation's made of,
Elizabeth : what kind of paint.
Elizabeth : He's a good father, but when it comes to Emily's health...
Elizabeth : I'm gonna get his keys and check for environmentals.
Chase : Lupus is a better fit.
Elizabeth : I don't mean to pull rank here, but I am her mother.
Chase : I thought you said you were here as a doctor.
Elizabeth : And as a doctor, I need parental consent. See above.
Elizabeth : While I'm gone, please start her on chelation therapy.
Chase : She's the mother.
Chase : So let's treat her like any other mother.