UNK: Kids, in the fall of 2008, I had a little problem.
UNK: All right, I gotta get to Stella's.
UNK: Tonight's the night, guys. I've tried it before. I've failed every time.
UNK: This time, I am gonna do it. Tonight I pick up a lesbian.
UNK: - Robin, I need your lipstick. - Oh, man!
UNK: - Take pictures, all right? - Bye, Ted.
UNK: I lived in New York,
UNK: but Stella lived across the river in New Jersey.
UNK: Oh, man.
UNK: Which meant I was always taking the train.
Man : - What's up, Ted? - Hey, Matisse.
UNK: - Hey, T-Diddy! - Theodore!
UNK: - You missed it. - Robin got that national anchor job.
UNK: And we got a free bottle of champagne.
Marshall : - But it's empty now. - Oh, man.
UNK: And as result, it seemed like I was missing out on everything.
UNK: Sorry, we couldn't wait. It was getting cold.
UNK: Oh, man!
UNK: - Hey, big guy. - What's up, G?
Stella : - Are you okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. It's just,
Ted : you know, I wanna hang out with you guys.
UNK: I wanna hang out with my friends.
UNK: I just feel like I'm spending all my time on the train.
UNK: Okay, how about this. Why don't you ask your friends
UNK: - to come out here sometime? - That's a great idea.
UNK: You want us to go to New Jersey? That is rich.
Ted : - Why? - Well, for starters,
UNK: I don't have any of my gold medallions anymore.
UNK: I sold them when they went out of style 400 years ago.
Ted : - Lily? - Sorry, Ted.
UNK: I'm a born and raised New Yorker.
UNK: I'm programmed to despise and loathe New Jersey and all that it stands for.
UNK: Why am I telling you this? You hate New Jersey more than anyone.
UNK: What? I don't hate New Jersey. Why would you think that?
UNK: And then he cut in front of me!
UNK: God, I hate line cutters more than I hate New Jersey!
UNK: Well, that's not true. There is nothing I hate more than New Jersey.
Ted : Huh?
Lily : Right?
UNK: Hey, you want us to wait for you or...
UNK: No, I might be a while. I gotta drop a massive New Jersey.
UNK: Okay, so New Jersey's not my favorite place.
UNK: But once Stella and I get married and she and Lucy move in with me,
UNK: I'll never set foot in New Jersey again.
UNK: Unless I'm going to see a Giants game or flying out of Newark
UNK: or, God forbid, disposing of a body.
UNK: Ted, if you murder me and bury me in New Jersey,
UNK: I'll haunt you forever.
UNK: But if I murder you and bury you somewhere else?
Lily : I'll leave you alone. I'm sure you had your reasons.
UNK: Kids, your Aunt Robin was sick of her job at Metro News 1.
UNK: She was sick of the low production value...
UNK: I'm Robin Scherbatsky, and you're watching
UNK: Etro News 1 at 11 : 00.
UNK: And again at 1 : 00.
UNK: ...sick of the stories she had to report...
UNK: So hurry up and get your votes in for New York's cutest doggie.
UNK: ...and most of all, she was sick of all the stupid puns.
UNK: Four transit workers were electrocuted when a subway train jumped the tracks.
UNK: Stay tuned for the shocking derails. Joel, people died.
UNK: So when the call came in that she got the big national anchor job,
UNK: she finally got to say the words she'd been dreaming of saying for years.
UNK: Tonight will be my last broadcast.
UNK: I came to Metro News 1 as a little caterpillar,
UNK: and for four years, this desk has been my cocoon.
UNK: But tonight, I emerge an ambitious butterfly.
UNK: Why does she sound like an idiot? Did she have a stroke?
Ted : Yeah. A stroke of genius. This speech is really good.
UNK: With one eye on the horizon, one eye on the truth,
UNK: and one eye on all of you.
UNK: You wrote it for her, didn't you?
UNK: It's a modified version of the speech I gave when I had to leave the swim team
UNK: because of a chronic inner ear situation.
UNK: - I thought you were the towel boy. - It's part of the team.
UNK: So that Saturday, as Robin went off for her first day at her new job,