UNK: So Madam Butterfly wants to come back to the cocoon.
UNK: Yeah, look, I'm sorry I said all that stuff.
UNK: Well, you can stick your sorries in your sock drawer
UNK: 'cause you've already been replaced.
UNK: I've got Brian in makeup and he couldn't be more excited.
UNK: I can't do this. I can't do this.
UNK: Okay, look, as much as I wanna see college boy here wet himself on camera,
UNK: if you can get here in time to read the 11 : 00 news,
UNK: you can have your old job back.
UNK: Okay, I have a half hour to make it to the studio.
UNK: There's no way you can make it to the city in a half hour.
UNK: Robin, don't do this.
UNK: I know it's scary to bet on yourself, but if you don't, nobody else will.
UNK: And I'm not just saying that to get a fist bump.
UNK: Although, come on, a fist bump would be great. But I really mean that.
UNK: I am betting on myself. I am betting that I can make it there by 11 : 00.
UNK: Hey, did you get the beer?
UNK: Yeah, I got a 144-pack. The rest is in the trunk.
UNK: - And did you sign up for the membership? - No.
UNK: - Why not? - There was a line for the photos.
UNK: My hair's a mess. I don't wanna move to New Jersey.
Ted : - What? - I can't do it,
UNK: and I can't see any reason why you and Lucy shouldn't move to New York.
UNK: Well, my daughter goes to school here,
UNK: all of her friends are here, I've lived here my whole life,
Stella : my whole family is here, this is my house, I'm on the PTA
UNK: and, as of June 1, I'm the deputy mayor.
Ted : Yes, but my apartment is really close to the subway.
UNK: Ted, we're not moving. End of discussion.
UNK: How can it be end of discussion if there's never been a discussion?
UNK: This is part of being a parent. I can't just uproot Lucy.
UNK: People with kids move all the time. I think it would be really great for Lucy
Ted : to grow up in the greatest city in the world.
UNK: Here we go. New York's the greatest city in the whole wide world.
UNK: It's where dreams come true and pigeon poop tastes like tapioca.
UNK: Wanna know a little secret, Ted? New Jersey is better than New York.
UNK: Better than... You think... I...
UNK: The Empire State... H&H...
UNK: Lincoln... Zabar's... Papaya King!
UNK: New York is the intellectual and cultural hub of the planet.
UNK: New York is full of weirdoes and snobs and mean people.
UNK: Ted, do you know that, once, an old lady actually called me a bitch
UNK: and threw a cat in my face?
UNK: And you wanna know if that happened in New Jersey? Uh-uh.
Stella : 86th and Lex, right in front of your beloved little Papaya King.
UNK: Ted, people are nice in New Jersey.
UNK: I mean, it's the kind of place where you know your neighbors.
Ted : - Hey, I know my neighbors. - Oh, yeah? Like who?
UNK: Right across the hall, I got Claxpamon.
Stella : - Claxpamon? - His name is Paxton.
UNK: Love that dude.
UNK: Sorry, in a hurry. Gotta get to the front. Gotta get off first.
UNK: Don't run over Matisse.
UNK: Okay, Stella, this is crazy.
UNK: You can't actually think that New Jersey is better than New York.
UNK: New York has Broadway. We win right there.
UNK: Oh, no, she did not. Knuckle up for safety.
UNK: We have Atlantic City.
UNK: Can't beat the AC. Pretty please? No one has to know.
Ted : - New York has Greenwich Village. - New Jersey has the Shore.
UNK: Woody Allen.
UNK: Oscar-winning chronicler of urban neuroses. Bump it!
Stella : - Bruce Springsteen. - Sinatra!
UNK: Yeah, he's from Hoboken, New Jersey.
UNK: Yeah, but what city is he singing about? It's not Secaucus, Secaucus.
Ted : Come on.