UNK: I mean, we're all together.
UNK: Friends hanging out. Isn't that what really matters?
UNK: Okay, if we take the next train, we can be at MacLaren's by 11 : 00.
UNK: - We can be there by 10 : 00. - No, I have to change first.
UNK: I am not walking into MacLaren's smelling like New Jersey.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Wow. You guys really hate it here, huh?
UNK: What? No, Stels.
UNK: No. No, I get it. I mean, you guys are all New Yorkers.
UNK: You need to go hang out at a bar.
UNK: Well, you could just hang out at the coolest bar in the state,
UNK: which is so close it will blow your mind.
UNK: And boom goes the dynamite. The coolest bar in New Jersey.
UNK: - Yeah, it probably is. - This is great!
UNK: We got darts. Half a ping-pong table.
UNK: A fish bowl. Look what turned out to be
UNK: an awesome night as promised.
UNK: Maybe we can drop some Bac-Os in here and make them fight.
UNK: No, thanks. I don't mess with fish bowls unless they have my two favorite fish,
UNK: the suckerfish and the blowfish. What up!
UNK: For blowfish? I don't think so.
Barney : - Marshall. - You're better than that.
Ted : - Lily. - Not good enough.
UNK: Stella?
Stella : Sorry.
UNK: I am not lowering this until someone gives me the respect
UNK: of another person's knuckles tapping against mine
UNK: in a light but decisive manner.
UNK: Pretty, pretty. Pretty, pretty. Pretty... Who's a pretty baby?
UNK: Then know this. Until it gets what it wants, nay, deserves,
UNK: this fist will not yield.
UNK: It will not yield.
UNK: - So who wants to play Scrabble? - Sure, whatever.
UNK: Heads up, the X tile is a little hard to read
UNK: 'cause a couple years ago, it went all the way through my dog.
Ted : You know, maybe we should get a dog again,
UNK: - when you move in. - When I what?
UNK: Great. There's Robin.
UNK: - I thought they were moving in with you? - So did I.
UNK: Oh, God, am I moving to New Jersey?
UNK: Hey, guys, I bet that dog was really flying high
UNK: after it swallowed a little X. Nailed it!
UNK: Come on!
UNK: - I can't live here. - It wouldn't be that bad.
UNK: You could put a minifridge over there and maybe some Nok Hockey.
UNK: Nok Hockey. Nice one, big man.
UNK: Yeah, I meant New Jersey in general, not this basement.
UNK: She wants me to move here? I don't get it. We discussed this months ago.
UNK: So I was thinking after the wedding, you and Lucy could move in here.
UNK: Yeah, she could play out on the fire escape,
UNK: maybe make friends with that guy who sleeps on that couch out in the alley,
UNK: ride her bike up and down Broadway. That's a great idea, Ted.
UNK: Look, I don't understand why you'd want to live in New Jersey
UNK: when you have a chance to live in Manhattan.
UNK: I thought having a rent-controlled apartment on the Upper West Side
UNK: was half the reason she agreed to marry me.
UNK: Really, I thought it was the whole reason. What is up?
Lucy : - Hey. - Robin, hey! Looking good.
UNK: - Bump the Barnacle. - Stella already told me not to.
UNK: - How was your first day? - It wasn't.