Ted : - What? - It wasn't my first day.
UNK: I showed up and there were 20 other people.
UNK: It turns out, I didn't actually get the job. I only got an audition.
UNK: - What, how did that happen? - I don't know,
UNK: because he told me that I got it.
Robin : I got it? I got it!
UNK: And just to be clear, when I say "you got it,"
UNK: I mean an audition. You got an audition.
UNK: I don't want there to be any confusion. You have an audition only.
UNK: Not the job.
Robin : Thank you! Thank you!
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna call and beg Joel to give me my job back.
Ted : - No. - You hated that job.
UNK: I don't know. It wasn't so bad.
UNK: Robin, what did they make you call Tropical Storm Hector
UNK: when it was raining cats and dogs?
UNK: A furricane.
UNK: Hey, Ted.
UNK: - Rock me like a furricane. - Nice.
Voice : Mean.
UNK: Okay, yeah, it sucks, but what can I do? I mean, I'm not gonna get that other job.
UNK: You guys should have seen the other women at this audition.
UNK: They all had more experience than me, were more ethnic than me.
UNK: There was an African-American chick with blue eyes.
UNK: How can I compete with that?
UNK: You can't.
UNK: No, you can compete with anyone.
Lily : You're Robin Scherbatsky. You're confident, strong, tall,
UNK: with crazy long legs that look great in shorts.
UNK: I'm calling Joel.
UNK: No, no. Robin, if you call him right now, you will hate yourself.
UNK: Look, I have slept with lots of women who afterwards told me off
UNK: and stormed out. And sometimes, they'd pick up the phone
UNK: and they'd call me, and then we'd hook up again.
UNK: And when we were finished, I could see that look on their faces,
UNK: that look that says they hate themselves and they wish they'd never called.
UNK: But if you could see that look...
UNK: Actually, you can see that look, there's a video, www...
UNK: No, no! Stop, okay? I won't call.
UNK: Don't drink the beer! I just remembered when I bought it.
UNK: It was right before I got pregnant with Lucy.
UNK: Ted, would you mind running to PriceCo and picking some up?
UNK: And while you're there, maybe you could sign up for a card.
UNK: I mean, you'll probably end up going there all the time.
UNK: That's the look.
UNK: I can't move here. I hate it here. I would kill myself.
UNK: Maybe New Jersey's not that bad, okay? Stella has a lawn.
UNK: You could get a riding lawn mower. They sell them over there.
UNK: I saw one with a cup holder. I saw a recliner with a built-in cup holder.
Marshall : I even saw a hammock with a cup holder.
Marshall : You live in New Jersey, you never have to hold a cup again.
UNK: I don't think I have as big a problem holding cups as you do.
UNK: I will give you $100 to fist bump me.
UNK: $200.
UNK: Just put it down, Barney. Your arm must be killing you by now.
UNK: $10,000.
UNK: Look, you'll be right across the river. You'll be in New York all the time.
UNK: - Oh, yeah? - Yeah.
UNK: Excuse me. You guys are from New York, right?
UNK: Yeah, we moved here from Manhattan.
UNK: - Do you ever get into the city? - All the time.
Marshall : See? All the time.
UNK: - When was the last time you were there? - We just had dinner at O'Rourke's.
UNK: That's been closed for six years.
UNK: Maybe it has been a while. Funny, we don't miss it.
UNK: I guess we're New Jersey-ians now. Honey, look, dog shirts.
UNK: I can't do it. I'm just gonna tell Stella
UNK: she and Lucy have to move into the city and that's that.
UNK: Okay, what do you guys think? Beagle or Boston terrier?
UNK: Are those tears?
UNK: They're awesome, manly pain tears. They're not emotional.
UNK: Okay, they're a little bit emotional.
UNK: Where's Robin?
UNK: Oh, no. She's...
UNK: Hey, Shirley, it's Robin calling for Joel.
UNK: - Robin, hang up the phone. Don't do this. - Sorry, I know, okay?
UNK: - If you don't hang up right now... - Stop! Hey, Joel, it's Robin.