Meredith : Is there any evidence of vasospasm or bleeding?
Derek : - No, it looks good. - So do you think they'll move to Paris?
Derek : I hope so.
Meredith : That was amazing.
Derek : It was, wasn't it?
Addison : Yeah.
Cristina : Meredith...
UNK: You know I was kidding this morning?
UNK: Derek to himself : I mean, you can tell me about this horrible thing.
UNK: Derek to himself : Come on, you can talk to me.
Meredith : As a friend?
Derek : As a friend.
Meredith : There's a line between friends and "not" friends.
Meredith : And if I tell you this...
UNK: If I tell you this horrible thing, you have to react as my friend,
UNK: not my "not" friend.
Derek : I can do that.
Derek : All right, you tell me what's wrong, I'll tell you how to fix it.
UNK: - OK. You're ready? - I'm ready.
Meredith : I slept with George.
Meredith : And... it was a horrible mistake.
Meredith : And now everything has changed.
Meredith : And I don't know how to repair it.
Meredith : I don't even know where to start, but I just know that I have to. And...
Meredith : Say something friendly.
Derek : You tell him that.
Derek : You find George and you apologize.
UNK: That's what everyone says, but he won't listen.
Derek : Make him listen. You tell him.
Derek : Just tell him again and again and again until he listens.
Meredith : How do I do that?
UNK: Derek smiles at her : You do what I do.
UNK: Derek smiles at her : Use the elevator.
Meredith : You're trapped.
Meredith : And you don't have to talk.
Meredith : I'll do the talking.
Burke : George,
Meredith : I am truly, very deeply sorry.
Meredith : And I'm not going to make excuses.
Meredith : I'm just sorry.
Meredith : Look, I know you're going to get off this elevator and not look back.
Meredith : I know that, but, George, we're friends, real friends.
Meredith : That means, no matter how long it takes,
Meredith : when you finally do decide to look back, I'll still be here.
UNK: As doctors, as friends, as human beings,
UNK: we all try to do the best we can.
MVO : Hey.
Denny : - Don't you have somewhere to be? - Yeah.
Izzie : Yeah, I'm there.
UNK: But the world is full of unexpected twists and turns.
UNK: And just when you've gotten the lay of the land,
UNK: the ground underneath you shifts
UNK: and knocks you off your feet.
UNK: If you're lucky, you end up with nothing more than a flesh wound,
UNK: something a Band-Aid will cover.
Derek : - Hi. - Hey.
UNK: But some wounds are deeper than they first appear
UNK: and require more than just a quick fix.
Kyle : What?
Derek : I was indifferent.
Cristina : You know, in New York before Mark.
UNK: I was just indifferent towards you.
UNK: Meredith smiles : Yes.
Derek : I was absent.
UNK: Meredith smiles : Yes.
Derek : I'm partly to blame for what's happened to our marriage.
Addison : Yeah.
Izzie : I'm sorry.
Derek : I'm working on it.
Meredith : OK.
UNK: With some wounds,
UNK: you have to rip off the Band-Aid,
UNK: let them breathe
UNK: and give them time... to heal.