UNK: Izzie nods : I do know.
UNK: Izzie nods : But as your doctor, I can't support you making any other decision.
UNK: This surgery will allow you more time and we need more time.
Denny : We?
UNK: We, your doctors...
UNK: Izzie nods : need more time.
UNK: Izzie nods : And we need more time.
Denny : So... you'll be here?
UNK: Every day.
Denny : And as an added bonus, it'll really piss off Alex.
Izzie : Yes, that it will.
Meredith : OK.
Izzie : OK?
Meredith : OK.
UNK: Izzie smiles relieved : OK. OK.
UNK: George moves to look at the screen : - Heath. - I told you I couldn't miss my game.
UNK: I made two goals and one assist and there were scouts!
George : - What did you do? - I cut off my finger.
Heath : It's OK. I saved it so you guys can sew it back on.
UNK: There's deep tissue infection here. Not good.
George : He said he found out how to do it on the Internet.
George : Who puts up Web pages on how to cut off your own finger?
Callie : He's got a passion and he sacrificed for it. You got to respect that.
Cristina : No... you don't.
UNK: George amazed : Thank you, Bokie. He cut off his finger.
UNK: A finger... Sorry.
UNK: ...that would have healed in a few months.
Callie : Sometimes you can't wait. You just want the pain to stop.
Callie : So you cut it off. End the problem. End the pain.
UNK: That doesn't... end the pain.
UNK: George shakes his head : I mean, if it's that painful...
UNK: George shakes his head : to start with, then even if you cut it off,
UNK: there's always going to be that... phantom pain.
UNK: Your ex did a real number on you, huh?
Burke : It's not likely in Denny's case. His heart is too weak.
Addison : I just wanted to make sure everybody was doing OK.
UNK: Mrs. Gibson staring at her baby girl : Everything's fine. Thank you so much.
UNK: Oh, yeah, right... Thank you.
Callie : When you put your freshly severed finger into a grungy, bacteria-filled glove,
Callie : - you got a severe infection. - What?
Heath : No, the Internet didn't say anything about infection.
George : We didn't realize how deep the infection had gone until we were in there.
George : - There was too much tissue damage. - The infection was caused
UNK: by a methicillin-resistant staph bacteria.
UNK: It's spreading. We'll be lucky if we can preserve enough muscle
Callie : for you to have any hand function.
UNK: Mrs. Mercer : What does she mean?
George : You may never regain complete control of your hand.
UNK: Heath slightly panicked : No. That's wrong.
UNK: Heath slightly panicked : You're wrong.
UNK: Heath slightly panicked : Ronnie Lott played for the 49ers when he cut off his finger.
UNK: Heath slightly panicked : He could still play. I got the directions off the Internet.
UNK: Mrs. Mercer interrupts, stroking Heath's head : - My poor baby. - Mom, stop, they're lying!
UNK: They're trying to scare me.
Callie : I'm sorry. I really am, but...
UNK: your hockey career is over.
Derek : Mom.
Heath : Mom, they're wrong, right?
Heath : - They have to be wrong. - Sweetheart.
UNK: Heath slightly panicked : I got the directions off the Internet.