UNK: Anyways, uh...
Addison : - OK, you're busy. - Bye.
Denny : I'm not just another pretty face, you know.
Denny : - Got it going on up here as well. - So you keep telling me.
Denny : Yep. I probably know... hundreds of words.
UNK: Really? Hundreds? Wow, you're a real brain trust.
Denny : Ouch.
UNK: Well, I'm highly competitive.
Izzie : Screw.
Izzie : S-C-R-E-W.
Izzie : - That's 25 points. Thank you very much. - Wait a second now.
Denny : You didn't tell me we were playing naughty word Scrabble.
UNK: - We're not. You just have a dirty mind. - Oh, it's filthy.
UNK: You're the one that put down "screw".
UNK: - I was referring to hardware, not sex. - Oh.
UNK: I guess maybe sometimes it's, uh...
Denny : hard to tell where you're... coming from.
Izzie : What do you mean?
UNK: Alex, uh...
Denny : He may have said something about you guys...
Denny : um, being together.
Derek : Well...
UNK: Izzie kinda avoiding eye-contact : he had no business telling you that.
UNK: Izzie kinda avoiding eye-contact : And besides, it's not even true, so...
Denny : So you're not together?
Izzie : No. I mean...
Izzie : Yeah, a little, but...
Izzie : Not really. So...
MVO : No.
UNK: OK, well, sweet. Thanks, uh...
UNK: Denny sarcastic : Thanks for clearing that up.
UNK: Denny, what is it? Don't panic. Just try to breathe.
Izzie : Page Dr. Burke!
Izzie : Just try to breathe.
UNK: Just breathe. Just breathe. Take it easy.
UNK: He had flash pulmonary edema.
Izzie : I switched him to nesiritide, started milrinone and put him on BiPAP.
Burke : - That's a good call, Stevens. - Good call.
UNK: Denny slight breathing difficulty : - Bad news, right? - It's not good.
Burke : The fact is, Denny, you need a new heart and you're running out of time.
UNK: So... what's behind door number two?
Burke : I would like to install a left ventricular assist device.
Burke : It's a battery operated machine to help your heart pump.
UNK: Battery operated?
Denny : I knew it. You people are trying to turn me into a robot.
Denny : It's all part of your evil plan to take over the hospital.
Izzie : It's a bridge to transplant, Denny.
Izzie : It'll keep you alive while we wait for your new heart.
Denny : That easy, huh?
Denny : - No catch? - There are some risks.
Burke : Increased damage to your platelets and increased bleeding.
Burke : If you do choose the assist device,
UNK: you may not leave hospital until you get a donor heart.
Denny : Any other options?
UNK: I'm going to need time to think.
Burke : Don't take too long, Denny.
Alex : - Always happy to get this page. - That's not why I paged you.
UNK: Oh, what you paged me to the on-call room to talk?
Izzie : No, I paged you to the on-call room to yell.
Izzie : Why the hell did you talk to Denny about us?
UNK: Oh, you never talk to Denny about personal stuff?
UNK: Not about our sex life, Alex! That is between us.
Alex : So none of your friends know we sleep together?
Bailey : Are you saying you and Denny are friends?
UNK: - I'm not friends with patients. - You're an ass.
UNK: Izzie yells : You feel threatened by him. That is why you did that.
UNK: You're his doctor and he's your half-dead, soon to be all-dead, patient.
UNK: How could I possibly be threatened by that guy?
Izzie : I can't believe you just said that.
Alex : Someone's got to.
Callie : I'll schedule the surgery for your son. In the meantime,
Callie : I'm sending Heath home with a prescription for hydrocodone
Callie : to control the pain.
UNK: I get that this is a bad break,