UNK: Call Ms. Tagami at the Consulate. Have her get a hold of Jade's family.
Beckett : See if there's a link between Jade and Michio Saito,
UNK: or the Izumi clan from Japan.
Beckett : And why don't we go and visit the birthday boy?
Secretary : Mr. Saito will be with you in a moment.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Just like the weapons we were attacked with.
SAITO : It is a 15th-century shuriken.
UNK: Michio Saito : Very rare.
Beckett : Mr. Saito, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Detective Esposito.
Saito : What can I do for you?
BECKETT : Do you recognize this woman?
Saito : No, I'm afraid not.
ESPOSITO : You sure? From what we hear, the two of you
Esposito : spent a lot of time together at Miyago's hostess bar.
UNK: I spend time with a lot of different girls at the club.
Saito : They're not all very memorable.
Beckett : We understand that she was at your birthday party the other night.
Castle : - Was she? - BECKETT : Hmm.
Esposito : You saying you don't know?
Saito : I'm saying there were many people at the party.
Esposito : Well, witnesses said that the two of you had a fight,
Esposito : that Jade was expelled from your party. You wanna tell us what happened?
Saito : No one was expelled from the party.
Saito : If she left, it was by her choice.
Beckett : And I suppose it was just a coincidence
Beckett : that shortly after she left, she was murdered.
Saito : I am not responsible for what happens to her out on the street.
Saito : Isn't that your job, Detective?
Beckett : I need a list of everyone that attended that party.
Saito : And I will need to see a search warrant.
Saito : Now, if there's nothing else...
Esposito : Organized Crime's been trying to bust this guy for years,
UNK: but a man like Saito is careful.
Beckett : We need someone to talk.
Beckett : We need to find someone who was actually at the party that night.
UNK: Hey, we got a problem.
Ryan : I just tried to contact that Consulate officer, Amaya Tagami,
UNK: see if there's any connection between Jade's family and Michio Saito.
UNK: According to the Consulate,
UNK: Ms. Tagami's been on maternity leave for two months.
UNK: So the woman who showed up here...
Ryan : Was an imposter.
BECKETT : Who is this woman?
Beckett : And why would she impersonate a Consulate officer?
Castle : Maybe she's working for Saito.
UNK: If he is Yakuza, he'd have all kinds of assets working for him.
Esposito : Makes sense. That way, she could keep tabs on our investigation.
UNK: Uh, she was doing more than that. She was trying to throw us off track.
UNK: Do you remember when she said
UNK: that she spoke with Jade's parents in Japan?
BECKETT : Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : Well, Jade didn't have any parents.
Ryan : Turns out she was raised in an orphanage from age 10.
UNK: Jade was orphaned at age 10? How did that happen?
Ryan : I tried to find out, but prior to the orphanage,
Ryan : can't find any record of Jade Yamata, if that's even her name.
Ryan : Not a birth certificate, nothing. It's like she didn't exist.
UNK: Sounds like someone was trying to cover up Jade's history.
UNK: We're gonna have to dig up whatever they were trying to hide.
Beckett : If we know her true identity, it may lead us to why she was killed,
Beckett : so find out everything you can on Jade. Start with the orphanage.
Beckett : Castle and I'll talk to Perlmutter and we'll see
Beckett : if her body can tell us who she really was.
Perlmutter : I checked the victim for any implants or traceable medical hardware,
Perlmutter : but I discovered nothing that would aid you in your quest.
Perlmutter : However, I did find a telling mark on her body.
Perlmutter : This is a very unusual scar.
UNK: My guess is she sustained the injury 10 or 12 years ago.