Kiara : Ever since she started here,
Kiara : Jade would always flirt with this one client, a regular.
Kiara : The girls say he has a violent streak.
Kiara : I told her to stay away, but she wouldn't listen.
Kiara : It's like she was targeting him.
Castle : And this client, what's his name?
Kiara : We only know him as Mr. Saito.
Kiara : But he must be important, because lots of people are scared of him.
Castle : So he was here last night and she was with him?
UNK: No.
Kiara : He has private parties sometimes and hires girls from the club.
Kiara : And every time, Jade would call Mama-San and try to get on the list.
Kiara : And last night, she did.
Castle : Where was this party?
Kiara : Upper East Side.
UNK: - RYAN CONTINUES SINGING - CLICKING FINGER
Ryan : I'm singing.
UNK: MOUTHING Come here.
UNK: SINGS
Ryan : Was it that bad?
CASTLE : Why do you think Saito killed her?
Kiara : Something happened at the party last night.
Kiara : One of the girls said Mr. Saito found Jade going through his things.
Kiara : He hit the roof and had his people throw her out.
UNK: Do you have any idea which of his things she was going through?
UNK: GRUNTING
Epsosito : Pushing me... Man.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: - $6,000? - Ow.
UNK: $6,000? Really?
UNK: Come on, come on.
Castle : We didn't even finish the bottles. At least let us take them...
RYAN : You're rich.
ESPOSITO : It cost you 6K and we got nothing to show for it.
Castle : I wouldn't say that.
Ryan : You mean, besides lipstick marks on your shirt.
Castle : I actually got a lead in there that's gonna blow this case wide...
UNK: Oh, oh, wait. Lipstick marks? On my shirt? Where? Beckett'll kill me.
Castle : Oh, my God! I didn't call! You guys, Beckett is going to kill me.
Castle : Ninja attack.
UNK: Aah!
RYAN : Castle, look out!
Esposito : Don't move!
Kiara : Stay away.
UNK: First Ninja : Next time, you die.
Ryan : Let me see your hands!
UNK: - Where did he go? - I don't know. He was just...
Esposito : You had him.
Gates : Now there are two ninjas?
Esposito : Captain, I know it sounds crazy...
Gates : You bet it sounds crazy.
Gates : One attacks you, the other saves your life? It makes no sense.
Castle : Unless they are rivals in an ancient feud.
Castle : Two warring clans, one committed to the path of darkness,
Castle : the other sworn to follow the path of light.
Gates : This is not a ninja movie, Mr. Castle. This is a murder investigation.
Lee : I don't know where those ninjas came from, sir,
Esposito : but what I do know is that our victim was trying to get close to Mr. Saito.