Castle : Right about the time she was sent to the orphanage.
UNK: In what way is this scar unusual?
Perlmutter : She took shrapnel.
Perlmutter : Based on faint, small scars over her back and legs,
UNK: it was from some kind of explosion, like an IED.
Beckett : You're not saying she was in combat as a 10-year-old girl?
UNK: Uh, improbable, but this much I know,
Perlmutter : she was treated by a US military surgeon.
Beckett : And you know that based on what?
Perlmnutter : Uh, this open type of stippled scarring
Perlmnutter : is the result of a technique called debriding.
UNK: Military surgeons started using it on blast wounds during the Afghan War,
Perlmnutter : saved a lot of lives,
Perlmnutter : but it wasn't adopted by civilian doctors until fairly recently.
Perlmnutter : Only two military facilities in Japan were doing this surgery at that time.
Perlmnutter : One at a base in Yokosuka and one in Okinawa.
UNK: Okinawa.
UNK: That's where Saito's Yakuza clan came from.
Esposito : Okay, so this Okinawa lead is paying off big time.
Esposito : We did a search for explosions there back in the day.
Esposito : This article is dated one month before Jade landed in that orphanage.
Castle : - Who are those people? - ESPOSITO : That's the Ozu family.
UNK: The dad was a building contractor who had a run-in with the local Yakuza.
Esposito : The Yakuza settled it by stabbing his whole family
Esposito : and then blowing up his house.
UNK: And this is the murder weapon they found at the scene.
Beckett : That looks like the knife that was used on Jade.
Beckett : - Yeah. - Was there a suspect in the murders?
Esposito : No arrest was made, but rumor had it
Esposito : the family was murdered by the Green Dragon.
Castle : I take it he's not a reptile.
Esposito : Reptile, no. Monster, yes.
Esposito : The Green Dragon was a secret ninja enforcer of the Yakuza.
Esposito : All of Okinawa was scared of this guy,
Esposito : and for good reason, he's a ruthless killer.
Beckett : Okay, so what does all of this have to do with Jade?
Esposito : Well, I think that Jade was this little girl.
UNK: Um, I thought you said the whole family was murdered by the Green Dragon.
Esposito : I got a copy of the police report
Esposito : from the Okinawa Prefecture, and I noticed this.
Esposito : The younger daughter, her birthday is the same as Jade's.
Esposito : What if she actually survived that attack?
Castle : If she was in that explosion, that would explain the shrapnel wounds.
Beckett : Someone must have found her and wanted to keep her safe.
Beckett : That's why she was treated at the military hospital.
Castle : Because if she was treated in a local hospital,
UNK: the Yakuza would know she was still alive.
Beckett : And that's also why her name was changed
Beckett : when she was put into the orphanage, to hide her from the Yakuza.
Castle : So, this is a classic revenge story.
Castle : Jade was hunting down the man that killed her family, the Green Dragon.
BOTH : Saito is the Green Dragon! ESPOSITO : The timeline fits.
UNK: He immigrated to this country 10 years ago, just after the murders.
Esposito : And when he did, the Green Dragon disappeared from Okinawa.
Beckett : That's what Jade was doing at the party.
Beckett : She was looking for proof that Saito was the Green Dragon.
Beckett : He got onto her and then he killed her.
Beckett : And then when you got close, he attacked you.
Ryan : Hey, guys, that was our team staking out the abandoned building.
Ryan : They just saw somebody go inside.
UNK: It's the ninja. Saito's returned to his lair.
Beckett : Hands behind your head and come out where I can see you.
Castle : You're not a ninja.
Beckett : No, but you did impersonate a Consulate officer.
Beckett : On your knees.
UNK: Saya Ozu : This is not what you think, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Yeah, that's what all guilty people say.
UNK: Is this a badge?
Castle : You're a cop?
Saya : Not just a cop.
Saya : I'm Jade's sister.
Saya : My sister and I hid when the Green Dragon came.
UNK: We barely got a glimpse of him. He was dressed in black, face covered.
UNK: But we heard our parents screaming and begging for their lives.
UNK: SIGHS
Saya : After the explosion, my uncle, a policeman,
Saya : he found us and he got us to safety.
Saya : He falsified the report to say that we were killed,
UNK: so the Yakuza would not look for us.
Beckett : So then you both survived.
Saya : Until now.
Beckett : What were you doing in that building?
UNK: I knew you'd have gone there in connection with the case.
Saya : I wanted to make sure you didn't miss anything.
Beckett : Why didn't you just tell us who you were from the start?
Beckett : Why this whole masquerade?
Saya : If the Green Dragon knew who I was, he'd kill me.
Saya : I tried to put what happened to my family behind me, but Jade,