Beckett : Please, Castle, you have to promise me.
UNK: If you don't hear from me by 10 : 00, you will call me and get me out of there.
Castle : I am setting an alarm right now.
Castle : See, this is what having a partner in life is all about.
ESPOSITO : Hey, guys.
UNK: Javier Esposito : So I hope you're up for a pretty strange one.
UNK: A warehouse worker found our Vic this morning.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Perlmutter said that she died around 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Her passport says that her name is Jade Yamata.
Castle : Passport? She a tourist?
Esposito : No, she's a Japanese citizen.
Esposito : Stamp indicates she's been in the country for six months.
Beckett : Okay, we have to notify the Japanese Consulate.
Esposito : - I'll put in a call. - Thanks.
Beckett : What is she doing down here all dressed up?
Beckett : There's no nightlife in this area.
UNK: And her clothes are higher-end. I'm guessing she's not a working girl.
Castle : - Looks like she was stabbed with a knife. - BECKETT : Mmm.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : To the untrained eye, perhaps.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : But what you don't know
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : about postmortem analysis could fill a book, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : In fact, it has. Numerous times.
Castle : Fine. So, it was not a knife.
Perlmutter : Ah, wrong again. It was a knife,
UNK: but "stabbed" implies the blade was thrust into the victim,
Perlmutter : whereas this wound was produced by it being hurled into her chest.
Beckett : What is this, Last of the Mohicans? What kind of knife is it?
UNK: Uh, one with a hilt that matches these small bruises
Perlmutter : on either side of the wound.
Perlmutter : It killed her instantly, severing the left anterior descending artery.
Beckett : Okay, so either that's the luckiest knife toss in the world...
Castle : Or she was killed by a circus knife-thrower.
Castle : Like the Great Throwdini.
UNK: GROANS
UNK: Ryan, do we have any witnesses that saw the Great Throwdini
Beckett : or anyone else in the area?
UNK: Uh, no, not so far,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : but we did find this next to our dead body.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : If it's not Jade's, it might be our killer's.
UNK: - What is it? - RYAN : It's a drop key.
Ryan : Yeah, I used to scavenge stuff like this from old buildings when I was a kid.
Castle : Buildings would keep them on hand to, uh, manually open elevator doors,
UNK: something like that, in case of emergency.
Ryan : I'll have Tech try to trace it and see what it's made for.
UNK: Long shot, but you never know.
UNK: And what about her purse? Is there any contact information?
Beckett : Or an address of where she was staying?
Ryan : No, but I did look through her cell.
Ryan : Based on her calls and texts, she had a boyfriend named Dean Bedford.
UNK: Dean Bedford : I can't believe Jade is gone.
UNK: SNIFFLES
Beckett : Dean, do you have any idea why she would be in the warehouse district?
Dean : No. She told me she was going to rehearsals,
Dean : and then straight back to the dorms.
Castle : So she was a student.
Dean : She was a dancer at the New York Ballet Conservatory.
Dean : She lived there, too.
UNK: Randall Bedford : We're patrons of the Conservatory. That's where she and Dean met.
BECKETT : A professional ballet company is pretty competitive.
Beckett : Did she have problems with anyone there?
UNK: Uh, no, just the usual jealousy. She rose up the ranks pretty fast.
Beckett : Any issues with anyone back in Japan?
Dean : She didn't talk much about her life there.
Dean : It's like she wanted a fresh start.
Dean : SIGHS I have to tell her family. I don't even know how to reach them.
Beckett : Well, the Consulate will take care of that.
Beckett : Right now, the best way for you to help is to tell us what you know about Jade.
Beckett : Now, we found this at the crime scene. Do you recognize it?
Dean : No, I've never seen that before.
Beckett : Dean, how well did you know Jade?
Beckett : Did she socialize with other people?
Dean : No, she was pretty focused. Why?
Castle : Well, it's just, when we found her, she was dressed to go out.
UNK: Out?
ESPOSITO : If she was meeting someone on the sly,
UNK: it didn't show up in her phone records.
UNK: Pretty much every call she made was to Dean and the ballet.
Beckett : That's where she lived and trained,
Beckett : so maybe someone there knows why she went out last night.
Beckett : Time to go to the ballet.
UNK: Uh, you might wanna postpone your trip when you hear this.
Beckett : Did you get a lead on the drop key?
RYAN : More than a lead.
Ryan : Tech confirmed that the key was used to open an elevator.
Ryan : Not only that, but they were able to get a name off the brass. Marigold.