Castle : As in the flower?
Ryan : No, as in the Marigold Cookie Company.
Ryan : The factory's been shut down for years, and the building is abandoned.
Ryan : But the abandoned building
Ryan : is two blocks from where Jade's body was found.
UNK: CLANGING
Castle : This place is seriously creepy for a cookie factory.
Castle : Maybe the killer lured Jade here and she escaped,
Castle : but she was unable to outrun the flying dagger of doom.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense, Castle.
Castle : How so?
Beckett : Because! Look at this place. It's filthy.
Beckett : There's no way Jade would set foot in here.
Beckett : Not with the clothes that she was wearing.
Castle : Here's something else that doesn't make sense.
Castle : There's no electricity. Why would the killer have a key to an elevator
Castle : - if there's no power to make it work? - Let's go find out.
Beckett : There's another room back here.
Castle : This must be his lair.
Beckett : Yeah, and that's some kind of a shrine.
Castle : A shrine to murder.
Castle : Check this out.
Castle : Design of this hilt matches the bruises we saw.
Castle : And I'm betting there's traces of blood on here, too.
UNK: CLANGING
Beckett : Someone's here.
UNK: MOUTHING Wait.
UNK: GRUNTING
CASTLE : Beckett!
Beckett : - Castle, what happened? - Uh...
UNK: A ninja stole the murder weapon.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: Yeah!
UNK: Victoria Gates : You were attacked by a ninja? And you witnessed it?
Beckett : Uh, no, sir, not exactly.
Castle : Because he made a sound and drew her away.
Castle : Ninjas are masters of the surprise attack.
Beckett : In any case, we think that he's our killer because the knife that he took
Beckett : from Castle appears to be our murder weapon.
Gates : So what you're saying is that...
Castle : Our killer is a ninja.
Beckett : Or he is just an athletic person with a hooded tracksuit.
UNK: Yeah, who disappeared in a puff of smoke.
Beckett : Yes, which I could do if I had a smoke bomb.
Gates : Whatever the man is,
Gates : do you have any sense as to why he would kill Jade Yamata?
BECKETT : No, sir, we don't have motive yet,
Beckett : but we're looking into the objects on the shrine
Beckett : just in case they're connected to our victim.
Gates : Where are we on IDing the suspect?
Beckett : There's no security video, either from the building or the street cams.
Castle : Not that any self-respecting ninja would be caught on video.
Beckett : But CSU is sweeping the place for prints, for evidence.
Beckett : We've also got a unit
Beckett : sitting on the building on the off chance that he returns.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Ryan : Excuse me, sir.
Ryan : Detective Beckett, this is Consulate Officer Amaya Tagami.
UNK: Amaya Tagamai : I came as soon as I could.
UNK: Jade Yamata's death is a terrible loss, and the Ambassador has asked me
Amaya : to keep him informed of your progress on this case.
Amaya : I spoke to Jade's parents in Kyoto, and they, too, are anxious for news.
Beckett : All we know is that the attacker may have a connection to Japan.
Beckett : Now, did Jade's parents say if she had any enemies?
Amaya : No. The truth is, they hadn't spoken to her in weeks.
Amaya : Her moving here caused a bit of a rift.
Castle : Why did she move?
Castle : Was she trying to get away from someone? Or something?
Amaya : I don't think so. They told me she came here for her ballet career.
Beckett : How would I go about talking to them?
Amaya : I'm afraid they don't speak English,
Amaya : but I'm happy to pass along any questions you have.
Beckett : Yeah, thanks, I might take you up on that.
Beckett : But in the meantime, could you tell us what this means?
UNK: This kanji is Izanami, the Shinto goddess of creation and death.
Castle : Now, could it have any sinister connotations?
Castle : Might it be found in the lair of, say, a ninja?
Beckett : No. Uh...
Amaya : This is, uh, very common.
Amaya : People use it to honor their ancestors.
Amaya : Where did you find this?
Beckett : In a room where we believe our killer spent time.
Amaya : Well, I can assure you he's not a ninja.
Amaya : There are no such things as ninjas anymore.
CASTLE : What does she know anyway?
UNK: I bet she's never even seen Ninja Ill : The Domination.
Beckett : Yeah. No, I mean, she only comes from the country that created the mythology.
Castle : Which does not make her an expert.
UNK: Our victim was killed ninja-style.