UNK: From a killer who had some kind of mysterious shrine.
Beckett : I swear she just said that it wasn't that mysterious.
RYAN : Yeah, about that shrine...
Ryan : CSU didn't find any prints on it anywhere.
Ryan : Or anywhere else at the lair. Place was wiped.
Castle : Because ninjas never leave a trace. I know what I saw.
UNK: You should've seen the way he moved.
Castle : The athleticism, the grace, the agility. He was like a...
Esposito : - Ballet dancer. - No!
Beckett : Yeah. No, actually, a ballet dancer could move like our alleged ninja did.
ESPOSITO : Only now we got motive.
Esposito : I talked to the dancers who lived with Jade back at the dorms.
Esposito : Apparently, there was some major bad blood
Esposito : between her and a male dancer named Lee Tong.
UNK: SIGHS Man! Our killer can't be a ballet dancer.
Castle : Because it would just be such a huge letdown.
Beckett : Of course. We can't let facts get in the way of a good story.
UNK: What do you mean by "bad blood"?
Esposito : Turns out that Lee had a thing for Jade, but she just didn't feel the same way.
Esposito : Then they both got cast in Madame Butterfly,
Esposito : where they had to play lovers.
Esposito : Rehearsals turned into screaming matches,
UNK: and yesterday, one of the other dancers overheard Lee threatening to kill Jade.
Esposito : And he has the skills to do it.
Beckett : What do you mean? Like, he's got martial arts training?
Esposito : Yeah, black belts in karate and Eskrima.
BECKETT : Where was he last night? ESPOSITO : Not at rehearsal.
Esposito : He and Jade both left early. In fact, he was out all night long.
Esposito : He didn't return back to the dorms till after she was dead.
Castle : Okay, I'm warming to this idea. I think it was him.
BECKETT : Even though he's a ballet dancer and not a ninja?
Castle : He could be both.
Castle : And being a dancer could just be his cover,
Castle : and that way, the lair could be like his Batcave.
BECKETT : And somehow he lured Jade there for a little private time?
Castle : Right, but she rejected him, fled. He killed her in a jealous rage.
UNK: Hmm, and here I thought ninjas had total mastery of their emotions.
Castle : Look, I'm not claiming to have all the answers, yet.
UNK: But just look at that guy. He's a ninja through and through.
UNK: And I'm gonna prove it.
UNK: How?
Castle : You'll see.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Mr. Tong, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
Castle : Oh, I believe we've already met. Earlier today, in fact.
UNK: I don't think so. Why am I here?
Beckett : We're investigating Jade Yamata's death,
Beckett : and we need to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Now, I understand that the two of you
Beckett : had a rehearsal scheduled for last night?
Lee : Yeah, but then she bailed on me.
Beckett : And where did you go afterwards?
UNK: To an art-house theater downtown.
Lee : They were doing a Kurosawa retrospective.
Beckett : Can anyone corroborate that?
Lee : I doubt it. Why?
Beckett : Because you didn't return to your dorm until 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : That's exactly one hour after Jade was murdered.
UNK: Wait, you think I killed Jade?
UNK: People heard you threatening her.
Lee : I didn't mean it. I was just frustrated.
Lee : She kept missing rehearsals, showing up distracted.
UNK: Look, if she fumbles a lift, I'm the one who blows a knee.
UNK: But that's not all it was, was it?
Beckett : You were pushing Jade for a more intimate relationship.
Lee : Not once I got to know her.
Lee : She wasn't as serious about her craft as I thought,
Lee : and I just got sick of dealing with her.
Lee : But it all got way easier the second I knew she was leaving.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : It's not him. A ninja would've caught the cup.
Lee : - I'm not a ninja. - Obviously.
Lee : And I'm Korean, not Japanese. Way to racially profile.
Beckett : What do you mean that Jade was leaving?
UNK: Every night during rehearsal, she would cut out at 8 : 00,
Lee : run to the bodega and use the pay phone.
Beckett : Who was she calling?
Lee : I have no idea, but I finally lit into her about it last night.
Lee : That's when she told me she was quitting the ballet company.
Lee : - Then she left. - Where'd she go?
Lee : I don't know.
Lee : She changed into party clothes and took off.
Lee : That's the last I saw of her, I swear.
CASTLE : Jade was quitting the ballet?
Castle : She worked and trained all her life to come here and dance at the NYBC,
Castle : and suddenly she's gonna give it all up?
Castle : What could possibly happen to suddenly make her wanna do that?
Castle : And why aren't you talking, Beckett?
Castle : You're not still mad at me about the cup?
Castle : I'm not?
RYAN : Well, Lee's story checks out.
Ryan : Usher at the movie theater recalls him sleeping through Dersu Uzala.
UNK: Blasphemy.
Ryan : In any case, records from the bodega pay phone back up Lee's story.
UNK: Every night at 8 : 00, calls were made to the same number,
Ryan : place called Miyago.
Ryan : It's a tea import company not far from where Jade was killed.
UNK: I asked her boyfriend. He didn't know anything about it. Yes, Castle?
Ryan : Why would Jade be calling a tea import company every night?
Ryan : My guess would be the same reason
UNK: she was using a pay phone instead of her cell.
Ryan : Something shady was going on.
Beckett : We need to check it out. I should cancel my plans.
UNK: Oh, no. Hey, we got this.
UNK: I wouldn't want you to cancel your plans with Carly and the goddess.
UNK: Just make sure you call me at 10 : 00.
UNK: This does not look like a tea import company.