Beckett : are not really your memories.
Castle : Oh, no, they're memories. They're memories.
UNK: And you said follow them wherever they go,
Castle : and this is where they go. Thailand.
Castle : This is all about Thailand.
Beckett : Okay, well, why don't we take a step back from Thailand?
Beckett : Why don't we take a look at
Beckett : some of the other images, like the trophy?
Castle : Nah, the trophy's irrelevant.
Beckett : It was in your dream for a reason.
Beckett : You said it was familiar.
Beckett : In what way, and what did it look like?
Castle : Cheap. You know, something that you'd give a child.
Beckett : Okay so, could it have been, um, an award that Alexis won?
Beckett : Maybe something that you won?
Beckett : Something for writing?
Castle : I know what it is.
Castle : This is it! This is the trophy.
Tory : This is...
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I, um...
UNK: I won this in a-a debate competition back at Faircroft Prep.
Beckett : Why would that be in your dream?
Castle : I don't know, but...
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : Phillip Bartlett.
Beckett : Who's Phillip Bartlett?
Castle : Phillip Bartlett and I, we tied for first place,
Castle : we shared this trophy.
Castle : That man in my dream, the one who says hello, it was him.
Castle : I mean, he's my age now, but...
Castle : Phillip Bartlett.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Castle : He's a part of this.
UNK: And if I'm gonna track him down,
UNK: I'm gonna need you to do a background check on him.
UNK: Okay, so, now, it's Chuck Norris
Esposito : and some old buddy from high school?
Beckett : Come on, guys, I'm just asking you
Beckett : to run Phil Bartlett.
Beckett : Look, Castle needs to know what's going on.
Ryan : What if these leads go nowhere?
Beckett : Then he needs to know that as well.
Beckett : Excuse me. Tory!
Beckett : Hey, any more news on that license plate?
Tory : A little. The plate was registered to a Thai freight company
Tory : that went out of business in 1987.
Beckett : 1987? How would Castle see it on a truck almost 30 years later?
Tory : I don't know. It's possible the plate was stolen, or...
Beckett : Or what?
Tory : I ran an image search of the plate.
Tory : Similar license plates appeared in several actions films,