Wilson : budget spreadsheets and per diem schedules?
House : I know why she's mad,
House : what I need to know is how to make her un-mad.
House : Step one is gaining access to the journal on her laptop
House : where she records her inner most thoughts,
UNK: instead ofjust watching porn with me.
House : Oh, grow up.
House : If porn was bad, why would there be so many nuns in it?
Wilson : Why is she mad? I was myself,
House : which, by the way, she's supposed to love unconditionally.
House : I didn't do anything.
House : We had a great weekend.
UNK: And?
House : It doesn't matter. She's being unreasonable and I have to fix it.
House : I need to know what's really important to her. I need something big.
UNK: Because? We're past that.
Wilson : Have you tried childhood pet names?
House : I don't know her pets.
Wilson : She's never mentioned a pet?
House : Yeah, but I wasn't listening.
House : She's not mad because I don't remember a dead dog's name.
Wilson : Her first dog was Ronaldo.
UNK: House typing On The Laptop : R-O or R-E-Y?
Wilson : I didn't ask, try both.
Foreman : Just got a case from the ER.
Foreman : Rutgers student came in with what looked like acute bronchitis.
Foreman : But there's nothing in his blood or sputum cultures.
House : Don't you think it's time you people
House : stop looking to the white man
House : to solve all your problems?
Foreman : His O2 sats are in the toilet.
Foreman : If we don't figure out what's attacking his...
House : So figure it out!
UNK: Cuddy sitting Behind Her Desk : I'm busy.
House : Why not?
Sophie : 'Cause if he was dying... I mean, you're a doctor.
House : Patients die every day. Not all of them are interesting.
Colleen : You still haven't answered either question.
House : She was mad because she's genetically programmed
House : to make a big deal out of every little thing.
Colleen : So she's mad 'cause she's a girl?
UNK: House indicating Colleen : And now she's mad because she's programmed
House : to make a big deal out of every little thing.
Zack : Actually, she's not like that.
Zack : Why are you sticking up for her?
UNK: She said you were a pathetic jerk and she hates you.
Zack : That was a long time ago.
Colleen : It was two days ago.
Zack : And it wasn't even true then.
Colleen : How do you know?
Zack : Because I know how you think.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Really.
UNK: Really?
Zack : And no peck on the cheek. It has to be on the lips.
House : actually cuts against your theory
House : that you know how she thinks.
Zack : I wasn't forcing her to do anything that she didn't want to do.
UNK: You hoping for a career in the NBA or the NFL?
Zack : The bet let her do what she wanted to do,
Zack : while still being able to act like she didn't,
Zack : so her friends wouldn't get all, like,
Zack : calling her a slut or something.
Zack : Not that it's slutty or anything, it's just a kiss.
Colleen : Not even close to true.
Colleen : I just couldn't believe I'd lose.
House : Ah, now we're getting somewhere.
Colleen : No, we're not.
House : Oh, I thought we were.
Colleen : No, you thought we weren't and that's exactly what you want
Colleen : because you don't want to tell us why was she mad at you!
Colleen : You tell us you don't want to do your job
Colleen : because you're too busy trying to break into your girlfriend's laptop
Colleen : to figure out a way to make her not mad at you
Colleen : but you don't tell us why she was mad at you.
House : It's stupid.
UNK: Talk.
House : I'm out of here.
UNK: Unless...