Zack : and tricking you in the bet.
Colleen : You didn't trick me.
Zack : Yeah, I did.
Zack : I gave Madison a Red Dead Revolver cheat code
Zack : so she'd hit your foot with the rope.
UNK: Colleen relieved : I knew you couldn't beat me.
Cuddy : You're right. It's just...
Zack : I really like you and I'm pretty sure you like me, too,
Zack : but I don't want to play any more games.
Zack : When you want... I mean, if you ever want to,
Zack : just tell me you're ready, and, you know...
UNK: Sorry.
House : Well done.
Colleen : He's not always a jerk.
Colleen : And neither are you.
Colleen : She obviously likes you.
Colleen : Just stop using her toothbrush and stop playing games.
Colleen : She'll still like you.
Zack : She's bossy, but she's usually right.
UNK: Thank you. FIELDS : Dr. House, can I ask you a question?
UNK: Ms. Fields : Are you insane or just stupid?
House : Is there a third option?
UNK: Actually, I don't think there is.
House : I'm sorry, I just wasn't thinking.
UNK: House embarrassed : I mean, I was, but only about myself.
UNK: That's apparently the way I am.
UNK: House embarrassed : Usually. Not always.
House : I need to convince someone of that.
UNK: Ms. Fields : And you think you can do that by getting someone to
UNK: Ms. Fields : pull strings to get her daughter into our preschool?
UNK: Ms. Fields : I spoke to Sanford Wells.
House : You can call the police, you can turn me in for lying at the accident.
UNK: Ms. Fields : I'm sure Mr. Dryden has already taken care of that.
House : Let her daughter in.
House : She's a great kid and Dr. Cuddy's a great mom.
House : They'll fit in perfectly here.
UNK: Ms. Fields : And how exactly does admitting her daughter prove how unselfish you are?
UNK: Ms. Fields : Seems like you're still doing it to help yourself,
UNK: Ms. Fields : not anyone else.
Nurse : I don't know.
House : I just know that I need to do something.
House : I need her in my life.
House : You know what it's like to actually need someone?
UNK: Yes.
Zack : I do.
UNK: Ms. Fields : But I also know what it's like to have responsibilities.
UNK: Ms. Fields : Maybe it's time you grew up.
UNK: Ms. Fields : Dr. House? Is there anything you'd like to say?
House : Can I be excused?
House : It's just food.
House : Something small enough to go down the wrong pipe,
UNK: but too big to be washed out by the bronchial lavage.
Foreman : Wouldn't show up on a CT.
House : But would cause the COPD and wouldn't respond to steroids or antibiotics.
House : Prep him for exploratory surgery and start the betting.
UNK: Betting?
UNK: I got 100 bucks that says it's a pea.
UNK: Cuddy sitting Behind Her Desk : I'm busy.
House : I know.
House : I just want to say that I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Shouldn't you be saying that to Sanford Wells?
UNK: A fifth grade career day? You really thought you could pull that off?
House : I figured, how hard could it be?
House : And I wanted to prove to you
House : that I do care about your needs.
House : And Rachel's.
Zack : I do.
Cuddy : Is that why you also stole my computer?
House : Yes, it is.
Cuddy : And then threw it in the trash?
House : I did not throw it, I placed it,
House : knowing that the janitor would find it,
House : and know it was yours, and return it to you unharmed.
House : I'm a moron.
UNK: But that doesn't mean I don't care about you, I don't think about you,
House : I don't want you to be happy.
House : I was wrong, you were right. I can do better.
House : Just give me a chance.
Cuddy : What were you? An astronaut or a bull fighter?
House : I was myself.
House : For the most part.
House : I know you're still upset,
UNK: so I'll leave you to deal with it however you want.
UNK: House.
Cuddy : You want to come over for dinner tonight?
House : I'd love to.