House : This is the only place left that Cuddy will never look for me,
House : and I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
Hourani : I can tell you what you're about to find. It's my foot in your ass.
UNK: I don't think you got enough lotion for that.
UNK: How'd you even get in here? The door was locked.
House : Well, either I can walk through walls, or...
UNK: We have lift off.
Hourani : Is that Cuddy's journal?
Hourani : Let me see that.
UNK: Sorry, gotta go.
UNK: Key.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: I gotta give you one thing, Hourani.
House : Your wife, she's beautiful. I mean, wow.
Hourani : Thank you.
UNK: House!
House : I thought you were Dr. Hourani.
Colleen : - Yeah.
Colleen : So that's why you're here? Well, that was stupid.
House : I know.
UNK: Mr. Stupid Head at your service.
House : In the principal's office.
UNK: The PET scan was negative for sarcoidosis.
House : Great. Means the treatment's already working.
Foreman : It would if we'd actually started the treatment, but we didn't.
Foreman : Because it's not sarcoidosis.
Foreman : He's dying. What's left of his lung
UNK: has collapsed and FNA of the mediastinal...
House : What I care about is how he responds to the treatment.
House : Sarcoidosis is a diagnosis of exclusion,
House : which means that the cowards who spend their time excluding what it isn't
House : usually cause their patients to die from what it is.
Zack : I don't get it. Why would you lie about your name?
Sophie : Who cares?
Colleen : What did she write in her journal?
Hourani : Thank you!
House : That is exactly my point. Why does no one ever believe me?
UNK: What?
House : Just because he's dying doesn't make it interesting.
Zack : You cheated on her, didn't you?
House : No, I didn't cheat on her.
Zack : It's obviously more than just you used her toothbrush
Zack : and wouldn't take the garbage out.
House : No, actually, it was exactly that.
Cuddy : I just need some time alone.
House : Because I used your toothbrush?
Cuddy : And you wouldn't take out the garbage.
House : That's insane. You know that, right?
Cuddy : You do whatever you want. Always.
House : I said I was sorry.
House : I was still half asleep. I wasn't paying attention.
Cuddy : And you're always right.
Cuddy : And I don't mean you always think you're right.
House : But you are actually always right.
Cuddy : Because that's all that matters.
House : That doesn't even make sense.
House : What? You want me to be wrong?
Cuddy : I want you to care about
Cuddy : more than just what you want, what you think.
Cuddy : You need me, House. And you may even love me,
Cuddy : but you don't care about me.
Cuddy : And I deserve someone who does.
Colleen : That's what I said! You don't listen to her.
House : You didn't say that.
Colleen : Yes, I did.
House : Well, I wasn't listening then.
Zack : But you found a way to fix things, right?
Zack : That's why you were happy when you read her laptop.
House : I did.
House : At least I thought I did.
House : She recently got the thin envelope
House : from her first choice preschool.
House : But it turns out, it was her fake first choice
UNK: because she was convinced she couldn't
House : get her kid into her actual first choice
House : without a substantial donation or an inside connection.
Wells : If it's Brye Park, I'm afraid she's right.
Zack : Wait, that's our school.
Colleen : What other school would he be talking about?
Colleen : Just finish the story.
UNK: You know, I gotta tell you,
UNK: there's bossy, which can be sexy,
House : and then there's bitchy...
Colleen : Finish the story.
House : You obviously know this because you're on the school board,
House : which puts you on the inside
House : and being the CEO here obviously connects you to Cuddy.
Wells : Well, if we're so connected, why isn't she the one asking?
House : Because she thinks it's wrong
House : to use connections to cut in line. I don't.
Wells : I might be able to help.
UNK: Fantastic.
Wells : But I could use a favor as well.
House : I needed to take care of something.