Foreman : No insecticides or toxic cleaners.
House : Check the bathroom.
UNK: Boy 1 : Who are you?
House : Your roommate's doctor.
House : You remember your roommate, don't you?
UNK: Boy 2 on The Couch : I thought he just had bronchitis.
House : That's what the morons at the Rutgers student medical center thought,
House : which may be part of the reason he just coughed up a lung.
UNK: Boy 1 : What do you mean, "He coughed up a lung"?
UNK: Boy 1 : He coughed,
House : after which the respiratory organ which resided in his chest
House : resided in his mouth.
House : Actually, his hand. Well, his mouth, then his hand.
Foreman : Bathroom's clean.
House : What's in this?
UNK: Boy 1 : Just soda. Mind if I have some?
UNK: Boy 1 : You want my drink?
House : You got a problem with that?
UNK: Boy 2 : Uh, yeah. Actually, I do.
UNK: Boy 2 : You barge into our room,
UNK: Boy 2 : start looking through our personal private stuff,
UNK: Boy 2 : demand I hack into a computer,
UNK: Boy 2 : I think I can safely assume doesn't belong...
House : I'm sorry. Did I break your concentration? Please, continue.
House : You were talking about personal privacy.
House : What, you're finished?
House : Well, allow me to retort.
UNK: Ms. Corwin the Teacher : - Wait a second. - You're saying this actually happened?
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: Timmy one Of The Students : You're lying.
House : Interesting theory. Can you prove it?
Timmy : Doctors don't carry guns, they don't shoot people,
Timmy : and they definitely don't search patients' homes.
Timmy : the movie you're totally ripping off.
UNK: Huh.
Zack : Wait, uh, was it Timmy Morgan?
House : I have no idea.
Zack : It had to be him. He's, like, totally obsessed with old movies.
Colleen : So you're here to talk to the principal about something Timmy did?
House : I got no problem with Timmy,
House : and even if I did, I ain't no snitch.
Zack : Then why are you here?
House : To dig myself out of a hole. Instead I dug a bigger one.
UNK: What did you do?
UNK: What did you do?
UNK: What did you do?
House : What happened to your eye?
Zack : It's none of your business.
House : Actually, it's none of yours. I'm a doctor.
House : It's a few days old, so it's not why you're here.
House : Unless you two got busted for some sort of revenge plot,
House : but then you'd look angry instead of ashamed.
Colleen : I'm not ashamed. Interesting.
House : You defensively insist that you're not ashamed,
House : which, of course, means you are ashamed, and yet you're the victim.
Zack : You want to know how she got the black eye?
Zack : Tell us why you're here first.
House : Anyone ever tell you you're annoying?
UNK: No. Yes. All the time.
UNK: Colleen laughing : But he's right. You wanna know, you first.
House : I didn't kill anybody.
House : I have to be here, so I figured
House : I'd punch up the stakes in the first act.
House : But we did and almost always do search the patient's home.
House : And if we tell them first,
UNK: then they could hide something that we need to know
House : in order to figure out what's wrong with them.
Sophie : Why would they hide something that could be killing them?
House : Because they are morons.
House : They're all morons and everybody lies.
Gabe : Wait. If everybody lies, then that means you're lying right now.
House : I didn't say everybody always lies, Aristotle.
House : And on that note, unless there are any questions...
UNK: Good.
Corwin : Oh, Dr. Hourani.
Corwin : Before you finish, maybe you could describe what you actually do.
Corwin : You know, like if someone comes in for a routine physical.
House : You want routine?
UNK: Please.
UNK: It just feels kind of numb.
House : You do a lot of bicycle riding?
UNK: No.
House : How long have you been married?
UNK: Twelve years next month.
UNK: And you have six kids.
Woman : You don't think it could have anything to do with that, do you?
UNK: Probably.
House : How often do you use your vibrator?
UNK: Ms. Washburn : Excuse me?
House : Your battery-operated Brad Pitt.
House : After giving the gift of life to six
UNK: 8-pound 4-ounce wrecking balls,
UNK: Boy 2 : I think I can safely assume
House : it's an industrial strength model.
Corwin : Dr. Hourani!
UNK: Please.
House : You wanted routine. Am I done?