Corwin : Maybe we should just move on.
House : No problem.
Corwin : I meant with your typical day.
Corwin : I assume you see more than one patient.
UNK: Nope.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Then I guess we move on to our next guest...
Gabe : Wait, if you only see one patient,
Gabe : what do you do the rest of the day?
Corwin : Dr. Hourani?
House : Just in time for lunch.
UNK: If by "lunch" you mean a "conference call with the board,"
UNK: and by "just in time" you mean "20 minutes late."
House : I meant sex.
House : Fine, lunch.
House : How about we start with a small tossed salad?
Cuddy : As of this morning, I'm on a diet.
UNK: Meaning?
UNK: Cuddy sitting Behind Her Desk : I told you, I'm busy.
House : No, you told me you were supposed to be busy 20 minutes ago.
House : But you were obviously able to put them off then,
House : there's no reason you can't put them off now.
UNK: How about I wanted to then and now I don't?
Cuddy : Get your finger off my phone.
House : We obviously have something we need to discuss.
Cuddy : Now is not a good time. If you're mad
House : because you don't feel you're getting
House : the necessary amount of affection,
House : all you have to do is ask.
UNK: Cuddy getting Pissed : Seriously, not now.
House : If memory serves,
House : I enjoyed a healthy Sunday brunch, so your insinuation...
House : Ow! What is your problem?
UNK: Cuddy mad : You! You are my problem.
UNK: Cuddy mad : You are the most selfish, self-centered son of a bitch
UNK: Cuddy mad : on the face of the planet.
UNK: Cuddy mad : And I'm sick of it.
UNK: Cuddy mad : I'm just done.
UNK: Cuddy mad : I can't deal with you anymore.
House : So that's what a typical doctor does on a typical day.
House : Any questions?
Alex : What's a vibrator?
Colleen : Why was your girlfriend so mad?
House : It doesn't matter.
Colleen : Well, obviously it matters.
Colleen : I mean, if she's your girlfriend,
Colleen : you should care how she feels.
House : I mean it doesn't matter to the story.
Colleen : It's the most important part of the story.
Colleen : It's the only thing that does matter.
Colleen : You don't kiss her enough. Is that the problem?
House : Absolutely not.
Colleen : Which, by your definition, means it is.
House : We kiss plenty.
House : Your turn.
Colleen : Then what's the problem? Your turn.
Colleen : What's the problem?
House : Excuse me, when exactly will the Commandant be back?
Receptionist : Shouldn't be much longer, sir.
UNK: Well...
Colleen : So now you're not gonna talk. That's real mature.
Zack : All right, fine. We got busted for kissing behind the school.
Zack : Now you know why we're here,
Zack : so tell us why you're here.
House : The deal was about the black eye.
Colleen : And we didn't kiss.
House : So you're just making him beg, huh?
House : I didn't have you pegged as a tease.
Colleen : I'm not a tease.
House : The available evidence suggests otherwise.
Colleen : I'm not a tease.
House : Prove it.
House : By telling me your story.