Foreman : We had to put him on a ventilator.
UNK: He's back on Ester's path
UNK: and we managed to make the train skip a few stations.
House : Which means that instead of 12 hours, he's probably got less than two.
House : Which begs the question, why? What did we do?
Chase : Acetylcysteine could mess with the lungs.
House : Mess with them, not shut them down in 20 minutes.
Cameron : Interferon modulates the immune system.
Cameron : It could affect a cancer of the blood, like one of the leukemias.
UNK: It doesn't speed them up. It slows them down.
UNK: It slows down all 500 of them?
House : Anybody know where we can find an oncologist at this hour?
House : What effects would interferon have on leukemia?
Wilson : Depends on what type. Could make it better. Could make it worse.
UNK: A four-year fellowship to learn that.
Cuddy : Tell House if he wants to play cards,
Cuddy : he can get his ass back down here and play.
House : You hear that. She wants me off the phone.
House : Means she's vulnerable. Go all in.
Wilson : But the party's over in less than three hours.
UNK: It's over in less than two hours,
Cuddy : which means you either have
UNK: three of a kind or just threes.
UNK: I'm guessing threes.
UNK: I bet $500.
House : - Go all in. - You obviously want to bust me.
Wilson : Why would you...
House : Either you go all in,
House : or I tell everybody in the building that you wear toenail polish.
Cuddy : I'm all in.
House : I'll call.
Cuddy : I'm betting you have a pair of threes,
Cuddy : but even if you have three,
UNK: it's not gonna beat trip nines.
Wilson : Oh! Oh! Oh, no!
UNK: Oh, no! Oh! Oh, that's gotta hurt.
Sarah : What happened?
Wilson : I just killed two birds with one straight.
UNK: Goodbye.
House : Fine, keep playing. But I need you to recommend a good oncologist
House : because if I don't get one up here in the next few minutes,
UNK: I got a dead six-year-old.
Wilson : If you need help, ask. These games are insane.
UNK: The games have a higher success rate.
Wilson : Well, I don't see anything that looks like leukemia.
Wilson : - You do a bone marrow biopsy? - No time.
Wilson : Even if there is an occult blood cancer,
Wilson : you wouldn't expect interferon to make it worse.
Wilson : Certainly not this fast.
House : - What would move this fast? - Autoimmune diseases.
UNK: If his body's own defenses are attacking him,
UNK: beefing them up is just gonna put fuel on the fire.
Foreman : Sarcoidosis could be in his brain and lungs.
Cameron : No. No enlarged hilar lymph nodes on his chest x-ray.
Chase : The systemic nature suggests Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Wilson : Or Kawasaki's Disease.
Foreman : Can't be Kawasaki's.
Foreman : That doesn't affect the elderly.
Wilson : This is a kid's x-ray?
Cameron : House had another patient.
Wilson : Who may or may not have had Kawasaki's.
Wilson : This kid on the other hand,
Wilson : he makes antibodies that are eating the inside of his arteries,
Wilson : choking off blood to his major organs, one by one.
Wilson : First the GI tract, then the kidneys, then the brain, now the lungs.
House : Can anyone think of a reason why Kawasaki's can't affect the elderly,
UNK: other than that it doesn't? Nice.
UNK: We can confirm with blood work.
Foreman : We need an ANA, sed rate...
UNK: Labs will take two hours.
Chase : What was the old lady's sed rate?
House : Elevated, 98.
Wilson : You can't use another patient's labs to diagnosis Kawasaki's disease.
House : Is that like a dare or something?
Wilson : You don't have time to be wrong.
House : Fine. We'll look for Kawasaki where he lives,
House : Ian's coronary arteries.
Wilson : This other patient,
UNK: the old lady, Ester?
Wilson : Have you read Moby Dick?