Woman : So, were you in one of those cages?
Chase : No. No, no, no, no. No, those are for tourists.
Woman : You were in the water with the great white?
Chase : Sure, it's no big deal. You just have to keep an eye on them.
Chase : If they get too close, punch them in the nose.
Chase : Send them on their way.
Chase : I had you going.
Woman : You are mean.
House : Hey. How's that anal fissure?
House : Did it heal yet? Or is it still draining?
House : Oh, I'm sorry.
UNK: I didn't realize you'd come back for seconds.
UNK: I figured that after that girl in the stairwell you'd be done for the night.
Chase : He's joking.
House : No Adam's apple, small hands.
UNK: It's no surprises this time.
UNK: I'll see you later.
House : Got a case.
UNK: Well, you could've just said that.
Chase : You didn't have to screw with me.
House : If I didn't screw with you,
UNK: you'd spent the whole night thinking you might get laid,
House : which means you'd be useless. Better to extinguish all hope.
House : Get Foreman and Cameron and meet me upstairs. Stat.
Chase : What's so urgent?
House : Two cases, same symptoms.
UNK: What do six-year-olds and 70-year-olds have in common?
Cameron : Their immune systems don't work as well.
Cameron : - Could be listeria. - I already checked for that.
Foreman : Leukemia has a higher prevalence in both young and old.
Cameron : - So does asthma. - No, no, no.
UNK: They can both get diabetes.
UNK: No!
House : The nearly dead and the newly bred
House : have more in common with each other than with people in the middle.
UNK: It's weird. It's kind of a circle of life thing.
Foreman : - This kid doesn't have kidney failure. - He will.
Foreman : Based on this file, the kid just ate some bad food.
Foreman : Was the old man...
House : They were nowhere near each other in any of the four dimensions.
Cameron : - This case is 12 years old. - Yep.
Foreman : And this case is Cuddy's.
House : She assigned it to me.
Chase : She agrees with you that this is something more than gastroenteritis?
House : She wouldn't have assigned it to me if she didn't, would she?
House : What were we talking about?
Chase : Two patients with two symptoms in common.
UNK: And five symptoms not in common.
House : While you were all wearing your "Frankie Says Relax" t-shirts,
UNK: I was treating a 73-year-old woman
House : who went through this progression of symptoms.
House : The last of which was...
UNK: And in case any of you missed that class in med school,
House : that one's untreatable.
House : Kid's got the first two.
UNK: It took Ester an hour and 20 minutes to go from two to three.
House : And less than a day to make it all the way to the rear exit.
Chase : This is all because a child has some blood in his diarrhea?
Chase : He's got a tummy ache.
Chase : If there was any reason to think it was anything worse,
Chase : Cuddy would be all over it.
House : Great. Do a colonoscopy.
UNK: On a six-year-old kid who probably has nothing worse than some food poisoning?
UNK: And if you happen to find any purple papules,
UNK: do me a favor and grab a slice.
UNK: I wanna check for Erdheim-Chester.
Chase : A disease that there have been, what, maybe 200 reported cases of ever?
UNK: If Ester's family had let me do an autopsy, there'd be 201.
Foreman : See anything?
Chase : No, and I don't expect to.
Foreman : House usually avoids cases.
Foreman : If he's actually stealing a case from Cuddy, there's gotta be a reason.
UNK: It's not the first time I've seen this file.
Chase : About a month before Cameron was hired,
Chase : some trucker came in here with these symptoms.
Chase : House decided he was dying.
Chase : Two days and a spinal tap,
Chase : bone marrow extraction, and three colonoscopies later,
Chase : we send the guy home with a bunch of painkillers
Chase : and a diagnosis of a bad cheese sandwich.
Chase : One of the guys who worked here before me
UNK: said House tried to cure Ester at least three other times.
Chase : You know how people see the Virgin Mary in danishes and stuff?
Chase : Someone died 12 years ago and House doesn't know why.
Chase : House sees that case now in paint peeling,
UNK: in clouds, and now in this poor kid.
UNK: Erdheim-Chester is an abnormal growth of some of the cells that fight infection.
Sarah : Is that cancer? Cos he seems okay now.
Alan : The other doctor kind of scared us about that.
Cameron : He shouldn't have. We're just testing. It'll probably be negative.
Alan : I don't understand.
Alan : You don't think that's what it is but you want to do this thing to him anyway?
Cameron : - We need to be sure. - Isn't there any other way?
Cameron : It shouldn't take long.
Alan : All right.
Foreman : Those ridges look a lot like purple papules.