UNK: - $20. - Call.
House : You'll call anything.
UNK: My stack is bigger than your stack.
Cuddy : You in or out?
House : You know that relative to their size,
House : gorillas have smaller testicles than humans.
Cuddy : Well, then you'd probably have an edge over a gorilla, but not over me.
UNK: Reason is, primate testes' size
House : inversely corresponds to the fidelity of our females.
Wilson : You think there might be a better time to annoy me about my wife?
House : - I'm talking about poker. - Right.
Cuddy : Women are evil, you're right to drive them away.
Cuddy : Call, fold or raise. Story time can wait.
House : We're smaller and better than chimps,
House : bigger and worse than gorillas.
House : For all our rationality,
House : our supposed trust and fealty to a higher power,
House : our ability to create a system of rules and laws,
House : our baser drives are more powerful than any of that.
House : We want to control our emotions, but we can't.
House : If we're happy, things don't annoy us.
House : If, on the other hand, we're sitting on crappy hole cards,
House : little tiny things annoy us a whole lot more.
House : I raise.
UNK: So, are you gonna tell me an annoying story every time I raise?
House : God, that would be annoying.
Cuddy : I call.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy, I got one of your patients in the ER.
UNK: Ian Alston, six-years-old.
Cuddy : Oh, I know him. What's the problem? I'm all in.
UNK: Dr Wells : Bloody diarrhea. Hemodynamically stable,
UNK: Dr Wells : but he's been developing some coordination problems.
UNK: It sounds like gastroenteritis and dehydration.
Cuddy : Order fluids and I'll take it on my service.
Cuddy : Bet's to you, House.
House : - They scan his head? - No, why would they scan...
Cuddy : Don't play games. You gonna call?
House : - How's the heart rate? - Stable.
Cuddy : I'm sorry. House, it's gastroenteritis. I'm not going anywhere.
Cuddy : Put the order in,
Cuddy : and have someone tell Alan and Sarah that I'll be up when I'm done.
Cuddy : You in or out?
House : I'm out.
Cuddy : Stone cold bluff.
Cuddy : You might want to spend a little more time paying attention to your cards
Cuddy : and a little less time staring at my breasts.
House : They don't match either.
UNK: I'm gonna take some air.
House : Follow my finger with your eyes.
UNK: How much longer will Dr. Cuddy be?
UNK: Well, given the number of Mojitos she's knocking back at the party,
UNK: I'd say it's gonna be at least three hours before she's even conscious.
Sarah : Weren't you at the same party?
House : I don't drink.
House : I want you to reach out and grab my cane.
Alan : What's wrong?
House : Your son's brain is losing control of his muscles.
Sarah : Dr. Cuddy's message said it was just dehydration from diarrhea.
House : She's wrong.
UNK: Is he gonna be all right?
Ian : I don't know.