Chase : Sarcoidosis seems most likely.
UNK: Yeah. So likely that Cuddy's gonna think of that all on her own.
House : She's got the kid's whole body to play with. Let her do that test.
House : What's next?
Foreman : It's moving too fast to be spreading.
Foreman : It has to be growing from something that's already there.
Cameron : Genetic disorder. Tuberous sclerosis.
Chase : Or it's his immune system. Histiocytosis.
House : Well, there are more documented cases of Histio amongst older people
House : than tuberous sclerosis. Let's start with that.
Chase : Wing or drumstick?
UNK: Gonna need a little more than that.
Cameron : A little more is more than a third.
Foreman : If we have to repeat this test because you didn't cut us enough...
UNK: I'm adding one micro liter of the immunoperoxidase.
Foreman : Make it two. I don't want House biting off our heads
Foreman : because we weren't sure if it turned red or not.
Cameron : That's definitely not red.
Chase : The problem could still be an abnormal cell growth
Chase : but a different cell line.
UNK: Sarcoma? Muscle cells are throughout his body.
UNK: It would explain the geography.
UNK: Genetic disorder is far more likely in a six-year-old. Tuberous sclerosis.
Chase : Pretty unlikely to cause a GI bleed.
UNK: The time course fits.
House : Mr. Foreman, you agree with both of them? Thanks for playing.
Foreman : If we have enough tissue for two tests, why not do both?
House : Then we don't have to think as hard.
House : Taking the pressure off the choice makes us less likely to think critically.
UNK: Sarcoma is more likely to hit a six and 70-year-old.
House : Tuberous sclerosis, it is.
UNK: You think sarcoma is less likely?
House : It's more likely.
House : The test for it, on the other hand, is less reliable.
UNK: Test is negative. Well, that's okay.
UNK: If the tumor cells hadn't matured, the Ki-67 protein wouldn't have turned off.
Foreman : - What happens if we don't solve this? - Kid dies.
Foreman : I mean for the next 12 years.
UNK: Ki-67's negative.
Chase : And PCH antigen is negative.
UNK: Mighty Casey's down to his last strike.
Foreman : Mighty Casey struck out.
UNK: Thanks a lot. I was gonna read that this weekend.
UNK: Chondrocytoma. Connective tissue's been in all the places we've been looking.
Foreman : The kid is too sick for that. We're better off testing for sarcoma.
UNK: We would've seen signs of that when we tested for tuberous sclerosis.
Foreman : The tumor cells looked like muscle under the microscope.
Cameron : No, they didn't. They looked like fat.
Chase : I vote for neurofibromatosis.
Mike : - Why? - Because the other choices suck worse.
House : Give me a minute.
House : You want me out of here?
Cuddy : You come up with anything?
UNK: No.
UNK: Hey. We can talk about it tomorrow.
UNK: I...
Wilson : I won the poker tournament.