Chandler : He let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks. Me for 15.
UNK: He must like you best.
UNK: What about when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats?
Joey : You never even saw the money.
Joey : Hey, Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats.
Chandler : You're welcome. Hey, Joey, thanks for parking the car.
Joey : No problem.
Joey : - Hey, Chandler - I think they get it.
Chandler : There's the man!
UNK: Hey, you're getting better.
Richard : I'm gonna keep this.
Joey : He kept my dollar.
UNK: Your first weekend without Ben. What are you doing?
UNK: We're going to colonial Williamsburg.
UNK: A woman I went to college with is the first female blacksmith there.
Ross : They're a little behind the times in colonial Williamsburg.
UNK: Look, I better go before Mommy starts weeping.
UNK: Carol And Susan : - We love you. - Bye, Mommy.
Ross : Have a good time.
UNK: Look.
Monica : Joey, do you know we can see you from here?
UNK: How come Richard looks cooler with one of these?
UNK: You may wanna light it and lose the spatula.
Monica : It's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.
UNK: Not like him, per se.
Joey : Just not unlike him.
Ross : It's the artist formerly known as Chandler.
UNK: I'm just trying something here, you know?
UNK: Why didn't you grow a mustache?
Joey : We flipped for it.
UNK: I got the cigar, he got the mustache.
UNK: If we both grew them, we'd look like dorks.
Ross : You really sidestepped that land mine.
Chandler : I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Monica : You're meeting Richard?
Joey : - Ranger game. - Didn't he tell you?
UNK: He said he was going out with the guys. I didn't know that was you.
Chandler : You hear that?
Monica : We're the guys!
UNK: With that mustache, he reminds me of Aunt Sylvia.
Ross : Thank you!
UNK: Hi. We're visiting.
Ross : It's Ben and his dada.
UNK: Can you say "dada"?
UNK: I'm telling your mommies you said it, so you might as well.
Rachel : No luck, huh?
Ross : A while ago, I got a "seh" out of him...