Bill : whatever you're not giving him for whatever he doesn't have,
UNK: is that gonna fix him?
House : I doubt it.
House : On your way to polish Vogler's car?
Wilson : Gone are the days of the grumpy old doc...
Wilson : seeing patients in the basement of his house, getting paid a few chickens.
UNK: How will I eat? - You know what Cuddy's been locked away with Vogler about...
Wilson : all day today and yesterday?
House : Floor polish costs through the roof?
UNK: You. Her secretary's been at the photocopier all day with your records.
UNK: That's all they're looking at in there. My car's been stolen.
Wilson : Or rein-car-nated.
Wilson : Pink slip.
Wilson : A gift from the Arnello brothers.
House : You know, they're gangsters, sure,
House : but they're thoughtful too.
Wilson : You can't keep it. It's... graft.
House : No, no, no, no. Uh-uh.
UNK: Graft is if I tell him I'll only make him better if he slips me a couple bucks.
UNK: Or a payoff for something I'm not supposed to do.
House : If I'd asked for the payoff, which I didn't,
UNK: I would've done the bad thing anyway.
House : So there's nothing wrong with this.
UNK: Right. Damn.
UNK: Sixty-five.
House : Perfectly restored.
House : What do you think a guy like Joey would do if someone turned down a gift?
House : That's kind of an insult, isn't it?
Wilson : He might hurt you. It's definitely possible.
House : I'm screwed. Gotta take the car.
Cameron : Did you see House's new car?
Bill : From Joey. He obviously can't keep it.
Cameron : You don't mind the hospital taking money from Vogler?
Chase : That's different. Vogler's legit.
Cameron : That's worse. Vogler's money came with strings.
Chase : Vogler doesn't set me up to have a mobster take a swing at me.
Cameron : - I'm sure House didn't know... - Joey's pressure dropped.
Foreman : Pushed I.V. fluids, now he's holding a hundred systolic.
UNK: Septic? No, it looks like he's bleeding into his liver.
UNK: Varices. See it with chronic hep "C" all the time.
UNK: Biopsy's back.
UNK: Two findings. Number one,
UNK: lymphocytic infiltrate and no bridging fibrosis.
UNK: Whatever's killing him's not hep "C". It's acute.
House : Who said that? I forget.
House : What are you doing here? I told you you were off the case.
Foreman : Right. Your diabolic plan to convince the evil genius he's in the clear,
Foreman : so he'll let his guard down and make a fatal mistake.
UNK: Sure. Well, it's clearly not gonna work now.
Chase : What evil genius?
UNK: If we knew that, we wouldn't need a diabolic plan, would we?
Foreman : House thinks someone ratted him out to Vogler. - What, one of us?
House : No, you guys love me too much.
UNK: Look, if it's not the hep "C", then what's the problem? What's causing the liver failure?
UNK: Finding number two, toxins.
Cameron : No. He's only 30 years old, and his job doesn't expose him to heavy metals or environmental...
House : He's a 30-year-old mobster.
House : He doesn't have a job that results in accidental exposure to toxins.
House : He has a job that results in intentional exposure to toxins.
House : Someone's poisoned him.
House : Whatever this toxin is, it's doing the job and fast.
UNK: How long till we have the next round of test results?
UNK: About four hours. - Too bad his liver's only gonna last another two.
UNK: - We're gonna have to get him a new one. - What, in two hours?
House : There is another way.
House : Relax. It's kosher.