Cuddy : House has some directed donations,
Cuddy : foundation support...
Cuddy : It's around here.
Vogler : He makes you miserable.
Vogler : Eight years he's worked here... Never made a dime for you.
Vogler : Never listened to you. He can change. He's...
Vogler : He hasn't changed in eight years.
Vogler : Either he can't change, or you can't change him.
Vogler : You have no idea how many times he's lied to you, undercut your authority,
Vogler : made you look like crap to other doctors.
Cuddy : Yes, I hate him, and here I am desperately trying to protect his job.
Cuddy : - What does that tell you? - That you don't hate him.
Cuddy : I do not protect people I like.
Cuddy : I protect people who are assets to this hospital.
Vogler : No. That's me.
UNK: You...
Vogler : - You're softer. - Right.
Cuddy : There are three female chiefs of medicine...
Cuddy : at major hospitals in this country,
Cuddy : and we all got there using our feminine wiles.
UNK: It's human nature to want to protect people we like. - I don't like him.
UNK: To think if we just form the right team, we'll all get along and be able to pull the boat...
Cuddy : - I don't get along with him! - This is not a team.
Vogler : It's not a boat. It's not a machine that has a lot of parts that have to work together.
Vogler : The metaphors are all crap. This is a business. That's all it is.
Chase : You like him. That's bad for business.
UNK: Oh, this is all my fault.
House : Took another homework break with Betty Lou?
Henry : No, last week I showed him a magic trick.
UNK: You pulled a quarter out of his nose. It's a classic.
UNK: Yeah, and now he won't stop shovin' stuff up there.
Bill : - Dr. House. - Got a crisis here.
Henry : It's okay.
UNK: Stop!
UNK: That's a neat trick.
UNK: They have to believe you'll actually hurt them.
UNK: Ah.
Bill : Your people insulted my brother.
House : What, they put Romano in the Parmesan cheese shaker again?
Bill : Said he was a crackhead or a homo or somethin'.
UNK: Those idiots.
UNK: How many times am I gonna have to send them for sensitivity training?
UNK: Nobody's saying he's a homo. That would be really, really bad.
UNK: So let's put a nice, friendly spin on it.
UNK: Let's go with, "He got raped in prison".
UNK: I saw the jailhouse tats.
UNK: Put it together with the blood tests.
Bill : There were rumors, but joey never said anything about it.
Bill : If people find out he's bein' treated for hep "C"...
Bill : Feds get that chart, someone says somethin' to somebody, word will get out.
Bill : And then Joey's manhood, his rep... He's destroyed.
House : You're worried about how his coworkers will react at the Wal-Mart in Des Moines.
Bill : He's not going into Witness Protection. I'm not gonna let that happen.
House : Listen, I don't know if you know about this,
House : but mob businesses sometimes keep two sets of books.
Bill : - One legit, one not. - Exactly.
UNK: You jerkin' my chain?
House : Doctors are busy. Sometimes they forget to write things down. Happens all the time.
UNK: Thanks.
Bill : Oh, and, uh,