Cameron : Allergic reaction is 100 times more likely, with or without a history.
UNK: Fever and anemia could have been symptoms of pancreatitis.
UNK: Hello?
CAMERON : Thank you for your help.
Cameron : They froze my accounts.
Chase : "Thank you for your help"?
Cameron : It's not her fault.
Chase : He hasn't gotten to mine, yet.
Chase : I'm gonna withdraw as much as I can, as fast as I can.
Chase : Lunch is on me.
House : Do a scratch test. Check for allergies.
House : When it comes back negative, start broad-spectrum antibiotics.
House : Bullies bully.
House : They don't get a reaction, they lose interest.
House : Now go do what I ask before I stick your heads in toilets.
UNK: How'd Otter get here?
Alice : Daddy got him last night.
UNK: It was at the dry cleaner. They close at 6 : 00.
Edie : How'd you get it?
Rob : I drove over there,
UNK: and I knocked for about 10 minutes, and then I begged.
UNK: How about some ice cream for when this is through?
Alice : My tummy hurts.
UNK: Ginger ale?
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: I'll take over.
Rob : Be right back.
UNK: He's always been really good at the big romantic gestures,
Edie : but ask him to do the dishes, or show up for a meal on time, or drive her...
Foreman : Almost done here.
House : What are you doing here?
Wilson : I work here.
House : You passively-aggressively gave up your practice.
UNK: I have clinic hours.
UNK: And now you're passively-aggressively spreading peanut butter
UNK: with a big sign around your neck saying,
UNK: "Wilson doesn't have enough cash for the cafeteria."
Wilson : You know, before Lenny Bruce died of a drug overdose...
UNK: EXCLAIMING
UNK: If you're going to confront me
House : with everyone who ever abused narcotics,
UNK: I think I'm gonna have to get something to read.
Wilson : ...he was arrested on obscenity charges.
UNK: He went through a series of arrests and trials,
Wilson : because he just couldn't stop challenging the police.
Wilson : He became obsessed with his own legal problems,
Wilson : and his act turned into long, humorless rants
Wilson : about fascist cops and the violation of his rights.
House : I get it, I get it.
House : I need to change my nightclub act.
UNK: You think more props?
Chase : House, scratch test is getting results, a lot of results.
UNK: MR. HARTMANN : How can she be allergic to everything?
House : She can't be.
UNK: It has to be an infection.
Foreman : You see a positive allergy test and decide it's infection?
UNK: The bacteria got into the scratches in her back.
UNK: The infection's radial.
Chase : The shape of this isn't. Eat this.
Alice : I don't feel like eating.
UNK: It'll make you better.
Edie : A sandwich?
House : Magic sandwich.
Alice : There's no such thing as...
House : Just take a damn bite, okay, kid?
House : Amazing how she didn't go into anaphylactic shock.