Cameron : to thin her blood for the procedure.
Cameron : Could have induced thrombocytopenia.
Chase : That's unlikely.
Chase : The charcoal would have absorbed a lot of the heparin.
UNK: She's been anemic.
Chase : Could be a primary blood disorder.
House : Or we never cured the infection.
Cameron : Are you saying she never had Reye's?
Cameron : We just put that little girl through excruciating pain.
UNK: The pain wasn't House's fault.
Chase : Even if the clot was a reaction
Chase : to what we gave her, we still had to...
House : I don't need you to cover my ass!
House : What I need is my Vicodin!
House : Two pills every six hours, like I'm on an allowance.
UNK: She's giving a cop leverage over medical decisions.
House : What the hell? Why don't we get
House : a plumber in here, ask his opinion?
House : Hey, Cuddy, you know any rodeo clowns who can weigh in...
House : Where the hell is she?
Cuddy : Look at her arm.
UNK: I told you it was an infection.
Cuddy : We fixed the infection.
House : Well, apparently not.
House : I asked you for broad-spectrum.
House : You put her on the bare minimum.
House : It's a good thing you failed to become a mom, because you suck at it.
UNK: What's so good about this rash?
House : Good guesses, but no.
House : It's on parts of her body that we haven't touched.
UNK: She's got a fever of 103. She's in and out of consciousness,
House : but it's not a reaction to anything we did.
House : Our mojo is off the table.
House : Which means...
House : Oh, so close.
House : Means thanks to Cuddy's candy-ass approach,
House : broad-spectrum antibiotics are no longer an option.
House : This thing has grown horns and fangs.
UNK: We've gotta figure out what species it is,
House : go in with a spear to the heart.
House : Okay, you guys are sulking.
House : I don't really care why, but apparently
House : I can't do my job without finding out.
Cameron : Tritter released our bank accounts.
House : Horrible, horrible news.
House : Wow, I'm glad we didn't let that fester.
House : If she did have Reye's, then it could
House : be varicella. They're associated.
Foreman : He released our money.
Foreman : You do know what that means?
House : The correct question is,
UNK: how could it be varicella given that she's not itchy?
UNK: Rickettsial pox causes rash, fever and muscle pain.
CAMERON : Pain, not paralysis.
Cameron : Rocky Mountain spotted fever, on the other hand,
Chase : rash, fever, anemia, paralysis.
Cameron : And I didn't say anything to Tritter.
Foreman : Neither did I.
Chase : Maybe he wants us to think that one of us talked.
Foreman : It worked. You were with him.
Chase : We were all with him.
UNK: We weren't laughing with him.
House : Maybe he just gave up.
House : Start the kid on chloramphenicol
House : for Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Chase : Can we talk?
UNK: No. I really think we...
House : Either you screwed me
House : and you want absolution, or you didn't and you want applause.
House : Either way, I'm not interested.
Cuddy : I'm busy.
Rob : You okay?
Cuddy : Yeah, sure.
Wilson : What I meant by "Are you okay?"
Wilson : Is "What the hell did House do?"
UNK: Nothing. What did he say?
Cuddy : I've seen House be rude 1,000 times, usually to achieve something.
Cuddy : I have never seen him be mean just because he can.
UNK: Seriously?
Wilson : What did he say?
UNK: Nothing. It doesn't matter.
Wilson : Well, I've seen House be rude to you 1,000 times,
Wilson : but I've never seen it get to you.
Cuddy : People think House has no inner censor,
UNK: but the fact is he holds himself back.
Cuddy : Because when he wants to hurt,
Cuddy : he knows just where to poke a sharp stick.
Cuddy : I have been trying to get pregnant, and House knew.
UNK: He told me I would fail as a mother.
Wilson : And you're this upset because you think he's right?