UNK: That's diagnostically ridiculous.
House : Right, she's allergic to everything except peanuts.
Chase : If she is allergic, antibiotics could cause a massive systemic reaction.
House : If she's allergic, but she's not.
FOREMAN : Chase, you're right.
Foreman : The shape indicates allergy.
Foreman : The tests indicate allergy.
Foreman : Just because she's not allergic to peanuts,
Foreman : doesn't mean she's not allergic to lidocaine or...
House : Chase, hang the bag.
UNK: You can grow a backbone tomorrow.
Rob : No, I'm not giving my daughter drugs
UNK: that could shut her system down.
House : You know what else shuts down systems?
UNK: Death.
Rob : Sorry. I can't let you do this.
UNK: Luckily, Alice Hartmann has a mom, who is willing to see reason.
Judge : You were in here yesterday, telling me
Judge : her father's guardianship was best for her.
House : I honestly figured I'd get a different judge today.
Judge : You agree with Dr. House now?
Edie : Now my kid actually is sick.
Rob : She was sick yesterday.
UNK: Her pediatrician doesn't know what's wrong
Rob : with her, says Dr. House is the best.
Rob : She loses guardianship, and all of a sudden House is a hero.
Rob : It's got nothing to do with me deciding...
JUDGE : Hey, zip it!
Judge : I've heard enough.
House : This lawyering thing is easy.
Judge : You shut up, too.
UNK: Arguing over every decision is a waste of her time and mine.
Judge : Since her parents can't, or won't, agree,
Judge : I'm awarding temporary guardianship to a doctor,
Judge : who'll place the health of the child above all else...
Cuddy : I don't think Dr. House is capable of...
Judge : ...Dr. Cuddy.
UNK: Yes, Your Honor.
Judge : No, I was finishing my sentence.
Judge : The kid's all yours.
Cuddy : I don't even know this kid.
Cuddy : How am I supposed to decide what's best for her?
House : Fine, I'll choose.
UNK: I'm going to side with the angry doctor's opinion.
UNK: Give me my pills.
Cuddy : We're not gonna go broad-spectrum.
UNK: If there's any chance that she's allergic...
House : There is no chance.
Cuddy : Of course there's a chance. I'm appealing.
Cuddy : No, you're not.
UNK: If you think it's bacterial, pick one antibiotic.
UNK: It's not going to be enough.
UNK: We need to go broad-spectrum.
Cuddy : It kills bugs. That's what you want.
UNK: We'll go with metronidazole.
Tritter : though I'm sure you could.
Tritter : Just how many pills he takes in a day.
Tritter : 'Cause I'm fairly confident I can prove that he didn't
Tritter : have that many legitimate prescriptions.
UNK: I really hope no one dies while I'm sitting here not talking to you.
Tritter : I, uh, I had a, uh...
Tritter : Had a buddy at Trenton P.D.
Tritter : Do some digging.
Tritter : Your brother, locked up for drugs.
Tritter : Your own flesh and blood, and you don't even visit.
Tritter : But your boss practices medicine on drugs,
Tritter : time to start lying to the cops.
UNK: If I run out for coffee, will I get back before you make your point?
Tritter : You testify,
Tritter : I can make sure that Marcus goes free on parole
Tritter : in less than two months.
Foreman : My brother and I, uh...
Foreman : We grew up in the same home.
UNK: But...
Foreman : I made something of myself.
House : He didn't.
Tritter : Dr. Foreman, the way you talk,
UNK: you'd think you never committed any crimes yourself.
Tritter : Now, you and Dr. House, you are both cold bastards.
Tritter : You don't give a damn about your brother, and you can't stand House.
Tritter : But I do expect you to take this deal,
Tritter : because you hate hypocrisy more.
UNK: House has had 1,000 chances.
UNK: You've got two chances.
Tritter : Why is your brother stuck at one?
CUDDY : Well, if she were allergic to this antibiotic, we would have seen it by now.
Cuddy : I think we are out of the woods as far as that goes.
UNK: Guess they occasionally get one right.
UNK: You're going to be glib about this?
Edie : You almost killed her.
Rob : I made a choice.
Rob : The same choice you made yesterday,
Rob : only when I make it I'm an imbecile.
Edie : Every decision you have made has been wrong.
Edie : When this is over, I'm suing for sole custody.
Rob : Because I trusted doctors when you didn't?
Edie : Because it's not just about the past two days.
UNK: MR. HARTMANN : Like you have the hotline on what's best for Alice. She loves me.
EDIE : She never does her homework when she's with you.
Edie : She never brushes her hair.
Cuddy : Her heart's racing, pressure's rising.
Cuddy : The two of you get out.
Edie : I'm her mother. You can't just...
Cuddy : You fight, she has an anxiety attack.
Cuddy : The two of you are making her worse.
UNK: Get out, and don't come back.
Chase : How's the kid doing?
Foreman : Much better as of about two hours ago.
UNK: You got any money for lunch?
Chase : If you like parsley and croutons.
Chase : Tritter finally froze my accounts.
UNK: Really?
Chase : You surprised? Why wouldn't he?
Foreman : I figured if he was singling you out,
Foreman : you must have done something different.
Chase : What? Like talking? Yeah.
Foreman : And now that he's frozen your accounts, you probably will.