UNK: It's going to make you better.
Alice : They hate each other, don't they?
UNK: We're never going to be together again.
Cuddy : Well, you never know.
UNK: You're going to break out the rubber hoses, the bright lights?
UNK: I'm not going to testify just because I have to borrow lunch money.
Edie : I know. Women don't give up guys that they're in love with.
Cameron : I'm not in love with House.
Tritter : The guy is unhinged and unethical,
Tritter : does what he wants with no concern for others,
Tritter : but you stand by him.
UNK: It can't just be loyalty and respect?
UNK: No.
Cameron : I'm a girl, so I must be in love with him.
Tritter : Not because you're a girl.
UNK: Because 10 years ago
Tritter : you got an A in calculus, until you ratted yourself out.
Tritter : Showed your professor a mistake he missed.
Tritter : Because you married a man...
Cameron : Don't go there.
Tritter : You used to be someone who did the right thing.
Tritter : House has changed you.
UNK: Do you think it's all been for the better?
Cuddy : How's it going?
UNK: Boring.
Foreman : Told you. FOREMAN : So far so good.
Foreman : Just like five minutes ago, and 10 minutes before that.
Cuddy : What's the matter?
UNK: WHIMPERING
UNK: YELLING
UNK: She's thrown a clot.
Cuddy : Let's get her out of here. I'll call the OR.
Alice : You said it wouldn't hurt.
UNK: YELLING
Foreman : Found it. She's burning up.
UNK: Give me a sec.
Cuddy : Foreman, she is on fire.
Foreman : Almost there.
Cuddy : Get me some cooling blankets now.
Nurse : Right away.
UNK: Every time we touch this kid, something goes wrong.
House : Bad mojo is not a diagnosis.
Cameron : You really have to flash your private stash in front of me?
House : You find it easier to lie for me if it's more subtle?
UNK: Fine.
Tritter : You told your associates that I had frozen your accounts.
UNK: Yes.
Tritter : Smart lie.
Tritter : You figured they'd think there was a reason that you'd been singled out.
Tritter : Like that you'd agreed to testify against House.
Chase : Yeah, I assume that's why you did it.
Tritter : You have a reputation as a bit of an opportunist.
Tritter : You already gave your boss up once from what I heard.
Chase : To save my job.
Chase : He goes down now, I lose my job.
Tritter : You lose your job, you find another one.
Tritter : You get fired,
UNK: your chances don't look so hot.
Chase : Why would he fire me?
Tritter : Because you rolled on him.
Chase : I haven't rolled on him.
Tritter : I think you will.
Tritter : And he's gonna think you already did.
Chase : As far as he knows,
Chase : my accounts are frozen just like everyone else's.
UNK: In 24 hours, all three of you will have access to your accounts again.
Chase : Why would you do...
Tritter : If I was looking at this as an outsider,
Tritter : I would say
Tritter : it was because Detective Tritter had
Tritter : what appeared to be a very pleasant lunch with Dr. Chase.
UNK: TRITTER CHUCKLING
UNK: SIGHING
UNK: Yeah.
Tritter : The two of them appear to be working together.
CUDDY : How the hell are there no ice packs in the OR?
UNK: Clot's out.
Foreman : Ice packs aren't gonna hold it for long.
FOREMAN : Where are the blankets?
CUDDY : In the ER.
UNK: They're dealing with a four-car collision.
Foreman : We need to cool this kid down before her brain melts.
House : What are you doing?
Cameron : She got a major dose of heparin