Judge : I've read the file. You've got 15 minutes.
UNK: It's people like this who killed Copernicus.
UNK: Galileo.
House : Either way.
Judge : And they just locked Galileo up.
House : They killed his spirit, and nobody likes a show-off.
UNK: Luckily, Alice Hartmann has a dad who's willing to see reason.
UNK: Reason, as defined by slavishly deferring to you.
House : Their doctor.
UNK: Your Honor, I've had no opportunity
Edie : to consult my attorney.
House : There's no time.
Edie : All I want is a second opinion before...
House : No time.
Judge : Your testimony is their child will die
Judge : if I don't grant this motion right now?
House : Am I under oath?
Judge : Let's say yes.
House : My testimony is that this child
House : might die if you don't grant this motion right now.
Judge : Literally no time for a second opinion?
UNK: Wouldn't be as good as the first opinion.
Judge : Dr. Cuddy, what do you think?
Cameron : She's not a specialist in this area.
House : Her opinion is worthless.
Judge : Dr. Cuddy, what do you think of Dr. House?
Judge : Is he as big a jerk as I think he is?
UNK: Bigger.
Cuddy : But he knows what he's talking about.
Foreman : Got a page.
Edie : She's complaining about her stitches.
UNK: The nurse just said that's completely normal.
Rob : Did you get the test results for the gallstones?
Foreman : Any minute now.
Judge : No time for a second opinion, but the test takes three...
Alice : My skin hurts.
Edie : I know I no longer have the right
Edie : to demand it but could you please take a look?
UNK: Sure.
Rob : She's pissed, so now she's just looking for things to go wrong.
UNK: You're right, I'm so petty I hope she dies so it vindicates my opinion.
Edie : I didn't mean that, sweetie.
Edie : Mommy was being sarcastic.
Rob : She's a few years away from grasping sarcasm, don't you think?
UNK: Guys.
Chase : I already gave you that number.
House : What gives?
Cameron : Must be allergic to something we used in the surgery.
UNK: Cameron,
UNK: C-A-M-E-R-O-N.
House : This is my office. I'm talking.
House : There are people here who work for me.
UNK: They're not listening. Explain this to me.
Foreman : Tritter froze my account.
Foreman : They're checking theirs.
UNK: I'm on hold with a lawyer.
House : Call Wilson's lawyer.
House : He'll tell you exactly how and why you're screwed.
House : This kid has no history of allergies so...
Foreman : You gotta talk to Tritter.
Foreman : You gotta make this go away.
CHASE : Yeah, great plan.
UNK: The man is obviously open to reason.
UNK: Well, here's the plan, we do nothing.
HOUSE : We while away the time diagnosing the patient.
UNK: The stones were calcium bilirubinate.
House : Pigment stones.
Cameron : Which are non-conclusive.
House : Kid presented with low-grade fever, mild anemia.
House : That, plus the stones, indicates bacterial infection.
Foreman : Bacterial infections don't cause a vesicular rash,
Foreman : and doing nothing is not a plan.
Foreman : It's specifically a lack of a plan.
House : We cut into her belly, the bad boys escape.
House : They swarm over, colonize the wounds, and kaplow, vesicular rash.