Phoebe : Oh, my God!
Ross : You did it, man.
UNK: Joey's Doctor : Would you like to see them?
Joey : They're so small.
Dan : -I'll call you tomorrow. -Great.
UNK: Are you really going to date that nurse man?
Monica : You and I are just "goofing around."
Monica : I thought, why not "goof around" with him?
UNK: I don't know if you've looked up "goofing around" in the dictionary.
Chandler : Well, I have...
UNK: ...and the technical definition is :
Chandler : Two friends who care a lot about each other...
Chandler : ...and have amazing sex...
UNK: ...and just want to spend more time together.
Chandler : But if you have this new dictionary that gets you mad at me...
UNK: ...then we have to get you my original one.
Chandler : I am so bad at this.
Monica : -You're better than you think you are. -Really?
UNK: Okay. So if?
Monica : -Know when to stop. -I sensed that I should stop.
Chandler : So we're okay?
Monica : I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen.
Monica : -Don't do the dance. -Right.
Monica : You're my favorite.
Phoebe : -Which one do you have? -I don't care.
UNK: Frank and Alice want me to tell you they're making phone calls.
Phoebe : Did you talk to them about, you know...
Rachel : No, honey.
Phoebe : It was a long shot.
UNK: You guys? Can I just have a second alone with the babies?
Phoebe : So here you are.
Phoebe : Seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that petri dish.
Phoebe : Everyone said labor was the hardest thing.
Phoebe : But they were wrong. This is.
UNK: Well, I had the most fun with you guys.
Phoebe : I wish I could take you home and see you every day.
Phoebe : I'll settle for being your favorite aunt.
Phoebe : I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me.
Phoebe : Okay, so we're cool.
Phoebe : We're gonna be great.
UNK: Little high-fives.
UNK: Well, if you're going to cry...
Monica : Phoebe, we are so proud of you. You're amazing!
Phoebe : I know.
UNK: Does it hurt as bad as they say?
Phoebe : You won't be able to take it.
UNK: Now that little Chandler is a girl, what'll they name her?
UNK: They'll call her Chandler.
Chandler : Kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
UNK: It works on you.
UNK: Maybe they can girlie it up a bit, like Chandlerette.
UNK: Alice called her Channy-fanny.
UNK: Ha-ha, Channy-fanny.