UNK: Powell [staggered.] : I don't wanna live like this.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Powell [staggered.] : I'm begging you.
UNK: Powell [staggered.] : Kill me.
Cameron : He says no more tests, he wants to die and he wants us to help him do it.
UNK: House [walking Past Her With His Red Mug Into The Conference Room.] : And I want to play a little game I like to call block my spike with misty may.
Cameron : He's thought this through, it's not an impulsive decision.
House : Neither is mine. He's depressed.
House : He'll feel much better after we cure him.
Chase : He's seen all the tests we've seen.
UNK: Even if we figure out what's causing the lung damage, it's too late to reverse it.
House : You can't know that without knowing what's wrong.
UNK: Chase [firmly.] : - It's his call. - So, what do we do?
Foreman : Put a plastic bag over his head and get it over with?
Chase : No, we give him a syringe full of morphine.
Chase : Every doctor I've ever practiced with has done it.
Chase : They don't want to, they don't like to, but that's the way it is.
UNK: Foreman [shaking His Head.] : I haven't, I won't.
Cameron : I couldn't do it either.
UNK: Chase [incredulous.] : You just said we should respect his decision.
Cameron : Respect it doesn't necessarily mean we honor it.
UNK: Right. It just means we talk about it.
UNK: At some point, "do no harm" has to mean allowing nature to take its course,
Chase : not stubbornly standing in the way of it.
Foreman : Sticking a metal syringe into a plastic IV line and pumping in a lethal dose
Foreman : of morphine is not letting nature take its course.
Foreman : Not according to the state of New Jersey.
Cameron : So it's better we allow him to slowly suffocate in his own plasma?
Foreman : Whose side are you on, senator? First respect his wishes,
Foreman : then invade Iraq, then get the troops home... make up your mind.
House : Certainly a lot of interesting things to consider.
House : Stress EKG rules out the heart.
House : Which means something's gotta be attacking his lungs.
UNK: Mycoplasma or strep pneumo.
UNK: The problem is, it's too late to do anything about it.
House : - We could try levofloxacin. - Coming up with a new treatment
Cameron : isn't gonna do us any good unless we convince him it's worth trying.
House : Come on,
UNK: he's old, sick, tiny.
House : We can do whatever we want to him.
Cameron : What happened?
Nurse : I don't know.
UNK: He must've fallen out of bed and got the nasal cannula
Nurse : - wrapped around his neck somehow. - Ezra, what are you doing?
UNK: I don't want to live hooked to machines.
UNK: Too we-- too weak to wipe my own ass.
UNK: Why would you want to wipe your own ass, when you could have someone do it for you?
Powell : You're wasting your time.
Powell : There must be other patients you could actually help.
House : No, all services rendered on a first come, first served basis.
Powell : I won't consent to any more tests.
Powell : And if anyone tries to so much as touch me,
Powell : I'll press charges for assault.
UNK: House [nods.] : Okay, well, you heard the man.
UNK: House [nods.] : He wants everyone to leave him alone.
UNK: House [nods.] : Why don't you go first?
Cameron : Get out!
UNK: House [nods.] : You came to me.
UNK: House [nods.] : I didn't come to you.
Powell : I figured you'd have the guts to do what had to be done
Powell : if it came to that.
UNK: House [looking At Him Shrewdly.] : We're nowhere near that. It's time to test your lungs.
UNK: Breathe.
UNK: You're gonna have to exhale sometime.
House : - Stop! - House, you're hurting him.
UNK: And you're hurting me.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: You don't want to help us, we don't help you.
House : Your lungs slowly fill with fluid.
House : You gasp to catch every breath, but never can.
House : Every breath is petrifying.
House : It'll be slow,
UNK: painful,
UNK: torturous.
Powell : We don't choose our birth.
Powell : And we don't choose our death.
House : What if you could?
House : How 'bout we make a deal?
UNK: You give me one more day.