UNK: 71 years old, cancer research specialist.
House : Minor tremors,
UNK: localized melanoma removed two years ago, cataracts. And he can't breathe.
House : Also, disregard the facial lacerations.
House : They're creepy, but unfortunately irrelevant.
UNK: Don't you want to know why?
Cameron : You have your cane.
House : No, why the lacerations are creepy.
House : He was about to dissect one of his lab rats when he collapsed.
House : The little vermin seized the day, so to speak, and went medieval on his ass.
House : - What? My fly open? - So the pain's returned.
House : There was no pain, he was unconscious.
House : I'm guessing because he wasn't able to breathe.
Cameron : - We're talking about you. - Obviously. I'm obviously not.
House : What is it with you people? I don't use the cane, you're shocked.
House : - I use the cane... - We're just concerned.
House : About the wrong person. I can breathe.
House : Ezra Powell, on the other hand, is gonna die.
House : - The Ezra Powell? - Researcher?
Chase : - The guy who wrote that textbook? - Not that textbook, the textbook.
Cameron : Wait. There's actually another doctor you admire?
House : I admire lots of doctors.
UNK: Of course, most of them look a lot better in knee socks than Ezra Powell,
House : but seeing as they can all breathe...
Chase : Oxygenation is through the floor, and lungs are full of fluid.
Chase : Gotta be his heart. Could be amyloidosis.
UNK: Or his lungs, probably from years of inhaling toxic chemicals in his lab.
UNK: - Not the lungs, chest x-ray's clean. - So's his EKG, it's not his heart.
UNK: We're being too nice!
House : Outside the hospital, he can't breathe, inside the hospital, he can.
UNK: Because we help. At least, enough to screw with our test results.
House : Source of the problem's either in his heart or his lungs.
House : So all we gotta do is stop helping.
House : Put a little pressure on him, and see which gives out first.
Chase : At 71, we get his heart or lungs to give out,
Chase : we might not get 'em to give in again.
House : That's why we're gonna do it in a hospital.
House : Put him on an incline treadmill, and do a stress EKG.
Foreman : So much for the admiration.
Cameron : Let's get you started.
Cameron : I'll turn your oxygen up.
UNK: I-I worked with Williams on the
UNK: Powell [getting On The Treadmill.] : first protocol for this machine.
Cameron : Everyone still uses it.
Powell : Except for Williams.
Powell : He died four years ago.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
UNK: Powell [nodding.] : He was 84.
UNK: Powell [nodding.] : He died parasailing.
UNK: He was always an idiot.
UNK: Cameron [smiling.] : You okay?
UNK: Cameron [smiling.] : Hang in there, you know the protocol's only a few minutes.
Foreman : His heart rate's flat.
Foreman : We don't get it past 130, we're not gonna see anything.
Chase : And if he falls and breaks a hip, we're not gonna see anything either.
UNK: Except an increase in our malpractice insurance.
UNK: Cameron [joining Them.] : I figured House might go back to the pills, but
UNK: Cameron [joining Them.] : if he's using his cane, he's right back to where he was before.
UNK: Cameron [joining Them.] : Maybe even worse.
Chase : Luckily, he'll handle it in a stoic, grown-up fashion.
Chase : He'd never take it out on us.
UNK: Powell [panting Hard Now.] : I can't.
UNK: I've-- I gotta stop.
UNK: Cameron [through The Intercom From The Viewing Room.] : Just a little longer.
UNK: Heart rate's only 90, I'm gonna increase the incline.
UNK: Powell [panting Hard Now.] : I gotta stop.
UNK: I- I've gotta get off.
Cameron : You're doing great, just a little faster, okay?
UNK: I-- I don't need a cheerleader,
Powell : I need oxygen.
UNK: Cameron [pushes Stop Button On The Treadmill.] : Stop. This isn't working.
House : His heart rate barely got above 90.
House : He can't breathe, there's too much fluid in his lungs.
UNK: Really?
UNK: House [extremely Sarcastic And Animated.] : He's got fluid in his lungs? Whatever are we gonna do?
UNK: House [extremely Sarcastic And Animated.] : Oh, yeah, now I remember.
UNK: House [extremely Sarcastic And Animated.] : Put him on a treadmill, and run him like one of his rats on a wheel.
Cameron : He can't run, he can hardly walk.
UNK: That's 'cause he's not trying hard enough.
House : If he was, his heart rate would go up.