House : Bad news fast. Good news, you can take your time.
UNK: Head's clean, you were wrong, his faculties are intact.
House : Too bad.
House : If his brain was addled, we wouldn't have to listen to anything he says.
Wilson : Hand me the 10% KOH.
UNK: It's 4 : 00, we have nothing to tell him.
House : Then we have no reason to talk to him. Still haven't ruled out fungus.
UNK: Yep, we have, no bugs, no hyphae.
UNK: Okay,
House : next procedure.
House : We sneak in,
House : turn back the clock.
Powell : Whole team.
UNK: - Must be bad news. - Nope.
House : Bone marrow biopsy revealed multiple myeloma.
House : It's not good news, but there are some treatments.
House : - We have to draw some blood. - What about my breathing?
UNK: Associated hyperviscosity syndrome gummed up the blood vessels in your lungs.
Powell : Dr. Chase said my calcium is normal.
House : Mm, we call him Dr. Idiot.
UNK: There's no M protein in my urine.
House : Odd presentation.
Powell : So odd that Dr. Cameron doesn't-- doesn't believe it either.
House : - Just give me 12 more hours. - We had a deal. No more tests.
House : Fair enough.
UNK: Gimme six more hours.
UNK: Listen, there is no evidence that you are terminal.
Powell : You a man of your word or not?
House : No, as a matter of fact, I'm not.
UNK: Fine.
Powell : Then discharge me.
Powell : My lungs will slowly fill with fluid.
Powell : I'll gasp to catch every breath.
House : But never can.
UNK: Every breath will be petrifying.
House : It'll be slow,
UNK: painful,
UNK: torturous.
UNK: You're really gonna let me die like that?
Foreman : - Where you going? - Nowhere!
House : Everybody who can walk should get outta here.
Cameron : - You can't do that. - Can't do what?
House : Administer a prescription painkiller to a patient who's in pain?
UNK: Go.
House : Make sure somebody sees you downstairs in the cafeteria.
Foreman : I can't let you do this.
Ezra : Either I die in pain, or I just die.
UNK: That's
Ezra : what the argument is here.
Foreman : No, it's about whether you die, or we murder you.
House : What's gonna happen here is that someone is getting a buttload of morphine.
House : I'm not sure exactly who at this point.
Cameron : I can't be a part of this.