House : If I don't find out exactly what's wrong with you by then,
UNK: I'll help you die.
UNK: House.
House : 24 hours.
UNK: C'mon, it's not gonna kill you.
UNK: House [looking For Ideas.] : Old guy, lungs, fluid, go.
Foreman : - You cannot help him kill himself. - Of course I can,
House : Chase says we do it all the time.
Cameron : - Cuddy's not gonna let you. - Enough!
House : You don't want me to kill him, fine.
House : Here's a big shock. I don't want to kill him either.
House : How do I not kill him? By you guys doing your job.
House : We have 24 hours to figure out what's wrong with him.
UNK: Tick-tock, tick-tock!
Chase : I'll draw cultures. Pneumonia. Should be bacteria in his blood.
UNK: - That's gonna take longer than 24h. - Not if I spin down the sample.
Chase : Separate off the buffy coat, then gram stain for bacteria.
House : Great, do an amylase, d-dimer, c-reactive peptide, get a urine,
House : and do a bronchial sputum while you're at it.
House : You, check his home and lab for radiation and toxins.
House : - And do a bone marrow biopsy. - All of that in 24 hours?
House : Nah, whatever you don't get done, you can finish at the autopsy.
UNK: House [coming Into Lab With A Bagel The Next Morning, In Laughing Tone.] : You guys look like crap.
UNK: - What do you got? - Purple dye on my fingers.
House : - What'd the bone marrow biopsy show? - Don't have the results.
UNK: What? What have you been doing all night?
Cameron : Jell-o shots and wild sex, what else?
UNK: There's no bacteria in the blood cultures.
Foreman : We still have some cooking, but so far nothing.
Chase : Nothing in the urine.
UNK: The lab was clean enough to do surgery in because, well, they do.
Cameron : There was no sign of viruses or fleas on any of the rats.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Who?
UNK: Well, tell her to call a clinic.
UNK: House [answering It.] : Then tell her to leave a message, and I'll get back to her.
UNK: House [answering It.] : Then tell her to leave a personal message.
Cameron : - Who's that? - Your protégé?
House : What are these?
Cameron : Dictation tapes, he records everything.
UNK: Why?
Cameron : - Because he's a diligent researcher? - Or he's losing his memory.
Cameron : Lot of people dictate their notes.
House : Yes, we could assume that, and we'd have nothing.
House : Or we could assume it's a symptom, in which case,
House : whatever's in his lungs is also in his brain.
House : Unless you got something more promising.
Cameron : - I'll go get an MRI of his head. - Keep testing until you find something.
House : I'm going to my office to rest for a while.
UNK: Powell [being Helped By Cameron Onto The Platform.] : It's been a long time since I took an anatomy class,
UNK: Powell [being Helped By Cameron Onto The Platform.] : but I'm pretty sure you're moving farther and farther away from my lungs.
UNK: Powell [being Helped By Cameron Onto The Platform.] : Running out of places to look, aren't you?
Cameron : Doesn't mean we're gonna stop looking.
UNK: Mm, no, not for six more hours.
Cameron : - You want us to fail? - No.
Powell : But you will.
Wilson : No abnormal nuclei means no leukemia.
Wilson : - He a drinker? - Not according to the history.
Wilson : Which means, yes, he drinks,
Wilson : which gives us a nice, mundane explanation for the acellularity.
House : Or he's telling the truth. Which means fungus is still on the table.
Wilson : But your entire view of human nature gets destroyed.
Wilson : Six of one, half a dozen of the other.