Chase : - Could be pulmonary fibrosis. - Or lupus.
House : He can kill himself after we get him better.
House : Start him on an IVIG for the lupus, and get a colonoscopy.
House : Lupus could be hiding there.
Cameron : I can't do this.
House : Drama queen.
UNK: Descending colon's clean.
Chase : Moving into the sigmoid.
Foreman : Sure could use a little more help around here.
Chase : She's doing what she believes in.
Foreman : Yeah, if she was acting on principle, she'd be in here trying to stop us.
Foreman : All she's doing is running away from the principle so she won't have
Foreman : - to feel uncomfortable facing it. - And if you were acting on principle,
UNK: you would've called the cops when you thought House was killing the guy.
UNK: You better hurry up.
UNK: Why?
Foreman : I don't think she's gonna have a problem deciding what to tell Cuddy.
UNK: O² sats 89 and dropping.
UNK: I thought you were only supposed to put on a pound a week during
House : - your last trimester. - I'm not pregnant.
Cuddy : I heard about your little stunt with Dr. Powell.
House : Not really a stunt. More of a trick, a ruse, a hoodwink.
House : - A lie. - Okay.
House : Lying is sometimes good, right?
House : Like when you're trying to teach someone a lesson about humility or something.
House : All I'm trying to do is save his life.
UNK: He's not gonna learn anything. I just thought the same principle might apply.
Cameron : It does.
UNK: I could've just let him die.
Cuddy : Not gonna get sued for keeping him alive.
House : Well, we could.
House : We completely disregarded his wishes.
Cuddy : Do you want me to disagree with you?
Cuddy : - Want me to yell at you? - It is comforting.
UNK: We're doctors. We treat patients, we don't kill them.
House : How right you are, Dr. Cuddy!
House : We also don't pad our bills, swipe samples from the pharmacy,
House : or fantasize about the teenage daughters of our patients either.
Cuddy : True, better be true, and you're a pig.
Cuddy : I'm sorry about your leg.
UNK: Yeah, we really should spend some time talking about that.
Foreman : The IVIG made him worse. O² sats plummeted.
House : So we know it's not lupus.
House : What else could it be?
Chase : Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
House : Gonna need an open lung biopsy to confirm.
UNK: So now we're gonna operate on the guy?
House : Unless you've invented a new way of doing an open lung biopsy.
House : When you searched Dr. Powell's office,
House : did you find a copy of the january 1967 Massachusetts medical journal?
UNK: Why?
House : I just figured, if you're not doing any work,
House : you might like something to pass the time.
House : Centerfold's a killer.
Wilson : How's your leg?
House : It hurts.
House : It's gonna keep on hurting. You're gonna keep on asking?
Wilson : How's Ezra Powell?
House : Resting comfortably.
Wilson : Hmm, that's not what Cameron says.
House : I hate practicing medicine in high school.
Wilson : He's not asking you to help him kill himself. He's just asking for help.
Wilson : - The disease will kill him. - I know what he was asking for.
UNK: - I just said no. - You've done it before.
Wilson : Plenty of times.
House : To patients that I knew were terminal.
Wilson : Oh, give me a break. This has nothing to do with saving a life.
Wilson : You just can't bear the thought of a patient dying
Wilson : before you've been able to figure out why.
House : If we're gonna keep refusing to cure patients just to rein in my ego,
UNK: then we might start to have a little problem with patient recruitment.
Wilson : Worried about meeting your one patient a week quota?
House : I'm a cripple, remember?
House : Accommodations must be made.
UNK: Wedge of left lobe isolated
Chase : and removed.
UNK: Clamp.
Cameron : Why'd you have me look up that article?
House : Didn't you find it interesting?