Castle : The eternal struggle between work and play.
Castle : The trick is, when you grow up, find work that feels like play.
Alexis : Speaking of work...
Alexis : What are you doing up and dressed so early?
Castle : Oh, no reason. Just thought I'd get an early start to my day.
UNK: Bye.
Beckett : All right. So, I'll see you tomorrow night?
UNK: - Yeah, good. Okay. See you. - Okay.
Castle : What's Demming doing in our break room?
Castle : Is there something wrong with the coffee downstairs?
Beckett : Well, you're the one who bought us the cappuccino machine, Castle.
Castle : Yes, but I bought it for homicide, not the entire precinct.
Castle : What's tomorrow night?
UNK: What?
Beckett : Tom was wondering if I wanted to get together tomorrow night.
Beckett : Why? Is that a problem?
Castle : Why would I have a problem with that?
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay. Be right there.
UNK: Tom.
Beckett : - Right. The murder is at Q3?
Castle : This place has only been open three months.
Castle : I can't even get a reservation here.
Castle : I've been dying to eat here.
Beckett : Well, evidently, you're not the only one.
Beckett : - Where are we? - In the kitchen.
Esposito : Victim's name is Balthazar Wolf. He's the head chef here.
Esposito : I know, right? - Oh, man.
Castle : I never got to taste his foie gras sandwich.
Esposito : He was found this morning by the pastry chef, Spike Ridenhauer,
Esposito : and one of the dishwashers, Juan Costa.
UNK: M. E Perlmutter : Castle, stop!
UNK: M. E Perlmutter : Do you not see the little orange cones around the body?
Castle : Is that actually his hand?
Perlmutter : That's the effect of LN2,
Perlmutter : commonly known as liquid nitrogen, a cryogenic refrigerant.
Perlmutter : It instantly freezes anything it comes in touch with,
Perlmutter : including Mr. Wolf. Made him fragile as glass.
Castle : This is, both literally and figuratively, cool.
Castle : Wolf was a follower of molecular gastronomy.
Castle : It's using the science to manipulate the...
Castle : And you don't care.
Perlmutter : It's usually pretty safe unless someone dumps it on you.
Beckett : Time of death?
Perlmutter : Well, all our normal indicators
Perlmutter : are contaminated by the LN2.
Perlmutter : I'll see what I can do once I get to the morgue.
Perlmutter : But we're gonna have to let him thaw a bit
Perlmutter : before we can move him.
Castle : - Looks like there was a struggle. - Robbery?
Ryan : No, no sign of forced entry, nothing's missing.
Ryan : According to Mr. Ridenhauer and Mr. Costa here,