Ryan : our victim stayed at the restaurant long after everyone else had left.
Beckett : - And what time was that? - It was around 11 : 00.
UNK: One of our clients had special ordered a cake,
UNK: and Wolf stayed behind to finish it up.
Castle : Aren't you the pastry chef?
Ridenhauer : Yeah, but I don't do crazy stuff like Wolf does.
Ridenhauer : I just... I made the cushion, and he sculpted the crown,
Ridenhauer : the heart and the jewels.
Ridenhauer : That's probably why he had the rotary evaporator out
Ridenhauer : and the liquid nitrogen.
Beckett : All right, after Perlmutter gets the body out,
Beckett : I'm gonna want CSU to come in and sweep for fibers and prints.
UNK: Juan Costa : - Yeah, yeah. - Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : The owner's here.
UNK: Madison Queller : - Say there's been an accident. Madison?
Madison : Becks? What are you doing here?
Beckett : I'm a homicide detective.
Madison : - Shut the front door. - I know.
Esposito : I know, right?
Madison : What a messed up way for us to reconnect.
Beckett : Madison Queller, this is Richard Castle.
Juan : - Hi. - Hi. Please call me Rick.
Castle : - How do you two know each other? - High school.
Madison : Ninth grade French.
Madison : I can't believe the biggest scofflaw at Stuy became a cop.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So I'm gonna need contact information for all the restaurant staff.
Madison : Come on, Becks. You think somebody here might have done it?
Beckett : You know, no forced entry usually means
Beckett : that the killer either knew the chef, or was someone who had keys.
Beckett : So I'm gonna need alibis from everyone.
Beckett : - Including you, sorry. - No. No, I understand.
Madison : I was at a party until the wee hours. Lots of people saw me.
Beckett : Now, did you know if Wolf had any enemies,
Beckett : anyone that wanted to do him harm?
Madison : He was the bad boy America loved to hate.
Madison : I was a guest judge. That's how we met.
Beckett : No, I don't really get a lot of time to watch TV.
UNK: Really?
Castle : What else did she spend hours doing?
Beckett : Castle, real crime scene.
Beckett : Not mystery writer research time, okay?
Beckett : - Later. - Did you notice anything unusual
Beckett : about Wolf lately? Anything at all.
UNK: There was one thing.
UNK: Wolf usually worked nonstop.
UNK: You couldn't tear him away from the kitchen.
UNK: But for the last couple of weeks, he'd disappear around 3 : 00
UNK: and come back just in time to prep at 5 : 00.
Beckett : - Did he say where he was going? - No.
Madison : He said it was personal.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I found something.
Ryan : Juan, the dishwasher, was the last one here last night,
Ryan : and he swears he finished every single dish.
Beckett : Two dirty bowls, two spoons and a soup pot?
Castle : Looks like Wolf had some late-night company.
Madison : It's popcorn soup. It's Domingo's specialty.
Madison : - Domingo? Our line chef.
Madison : He must have come back after everybody left.
Beckett : That means he's the last one to have seen Wolf alive.
Beckett : Do you have an address? - Of course.
Beckett : All right, track down Domingo and see why he was here so late,
Beckett : and what he saw.
Beckett : I'll also need the contact info for Wolf's next of kin.
Castle : High school friend, huh?
Castle : I bet she knows where all your bodies are buried.
Beckett : You can dig all you want, Castle. My secrets are safe with her.
Castle : How can you be sure?
Beckett : Because whatever she knows about me, I know worse about her.
Beckett : We used to hang out, big group of us, had a good time.
Castle : And what's a good time?
Beckett : Well, if you don't know by now, I'm sure it's too late to show you one.
Madison : Here's Wolf's emergency contact, David Nicolaides.
David : Wolf didn't have any real family.
David : He spent most of his childhood in and out of foster homes,
David : which is why we're listed as next of kin.
David : My girlfriend, Cecily, and I are about as close as it gets.
Cecily : They were like brothers.
Beckett : - How long did you know each other? Since our teens.
David : My dad gave him a job in our restaurant as a busboy
David : when he got out of juvie.
David : It didn't take long to tell that he had a real gift for food.
David : Been like family ever since.
Beckett : Did he have any enemies that you know of?
Cecily : He had a bad-boy image from the show, but he was actually sweet.
Castle : How was he handling it?
UNK: He loved it, the fame, the fortune.
David : It was everything he ever dreamed of.
David : - Except... - Except what?
David : I think he might have had some financial troubles.
Beckett : What do you mean?
David : When my dad passed away a few months back,
David : he left his restaurant to Wolf and me.
David : It was nothing fancy like Q3. It was just a little diner in Queens.
David : But about two weeks ago,
David : he came to me asking if I would buy him out.
David : I tried to talk him out of it.
David : I even told him that I would loan him the money,
David : but he refused.
David : In the end, I gave in and I bought out his share.
Beckett : For how much?
UNK: $40,000.
David : Well, he put it all into the new restaurant.
David : I tried to tell him to hold some of it back,
David : but he was an all-or-nothing kind of guy.