Beckett : You know, it's what we do.
Beckett : But we are always very grateful for cookies.
Beckett : - I love oatmeal cookies. - Well, I'm glad.
Madison : Hey, Becks...
Madison : Do you remember when we used to like the same guy in English class?
Beckett : - Yes, Brent Edwards. - Yes.
Beckett : - He was very hot. - Yes.
Madison : Do you also remember what happened senior year?
Beckett : Yeah, why?
Madison : This date with Rick.
Madison : If you guys are at all...
UNK: Castle? No.
Madison : Are you sure?
Madison : Because I really wouldn't want
Beckett : Brent Edwards to happen all over again.
Beckett : Trust me. It's not.
Madison : Okay. Great.
Beckett : - So, have fun tonight. - Thanks. You, too.
UNK: Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : - So, you ready? - No.
Tom : My lieutenant just brought down the hammer.
Tom : Fives have to be written up before shift end tonight. I'm sorry.
Beckett : No. You know, I have...
Beckett : I have some paperwork to do, as well. So, maybe another time.
Tom : Well, the thing is, I kind of had my heart set on tonight.
Tom : You like Chinese?
UNK: - It's my favorite. - Great. Wait here.
Rocco : - Madison, I'm so sorry. - Hi.
Rocco : It's a tragic loss. Wolf was a good friend.
Madison : Yeah, he really admired you.
Rocco : Thanks for coming tonight. It means a lot to me.
Madison : Rocco, this is Richard Castle.
Rocco : I ought to punch you in the face, Castle,
Rocco : for killing Derrick Storm like that.
UNK: He was my favorite character.
Madison : Based on my friend, Kate Beckett.
Madison : I should introduce you. You guys might hit it off.
Rocco : I'd like that. If she's half as interesting in person as she is on the page,
Rocco : I think I like her already.
Rocco : - You guys have fun. Enjoy your dinner. - Thanks.
Madison : Fabulous chef.
Castle : You really think he's Beckett's type?
Madison : Well, Becks never had a type.
Madison : She dated a guitarist in a grunge band, a med student and this French guy,
UNK: that I'm pretty sure he was some kind of royalty.
Madison : Who is she seeing now?
Castle : Just some guy. I don't see it going anywhere.
Beckett : This food's amazing.
Beckett : Where did you get it from?
Tom : Hung's China Sea.
Beckett : Get out. Hung's doesn't deliver.
Tom : Well, he delivers to me.
Tom : Mr. Hung had this medal,
UNK: a 15th century Chinese medal, Ming dynasty.
Tom : It was passed down through the generations, right?
Tom : Last year, it was stolen along with some cash
Tom : and some kitchen appliances, and whatnot.
Tom : The only thing that mattered to Mr. Hung was the medal.
Tom : So, I got it back for him.
Tom : And because I delivered, now so does he.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Well, then maybe I should get you to figure out
Beckett : why our victim was carrying a backpack full of cash.
Tom : Well, maybe you should.
Beckett : You know, I got some guys on the street.
Tom : If you want, I can put out feelers, see if anybody knows anything.
Beckett : Yeah, sure.
Esposito : Excuse me, detectives. - Hey, guys.
Esposito : Wow, nice candle.
Beckett : Come on in. What'd you find?
Esposito : We checked the sign-in log at that building
Esposito : where Jennifer Wong dropped off Wolf.
Esposito : Turns out he was seeing a guy named Simon Haim, Esquire.
Beckett : He was delivering a backpack full of cash to a lawyer?
Ryan : Well, according to Mr. Haim,
Ryan : Wolf had the backpack in his possession,
Ryan : but he never opened it and he never even mentioned the cash.
Esposito : But he did mention your high school friend, Madison.
Esposito : Apparently, Wolf wanted out of his contract.
Esposito : He wanted to leave the restaurant, and he wanted his investment back.
Tom : But the restaurant just opened. Why would he want to leave?
Ryan : Creative differences.
UNK: But Miss Queller refused to release him.
Ryan : Wolf was planning to sue.
Beckett : She'd built the restaurant on his reputation.
Beckett : If he left, she would've lost everything.
Beckett : So what happens to Q3 now that Wolf is dead?
Beckett : She had business insurance on him.
Esposito : So, with the payout, Madison gets the restaurant,
Esposito : free and clear.
Ryan : Wolf's death protects her from potentially losing $2 million
Ryan : in real estate, appliances and fixtures.
Tom : Sounds like motive to me.
UNK: Mmm.