Beckett : Domingo hinted at a romantic relationship.
Castle : Which has to violate several health codes.
Beckett : Do you remember their last name?
Madison : No, no, but her information should be in the reservation book.
Beckett : How you holding up?
Madison : I'm still reeling, and I have no time to grieve.
Madison : Wolf was a friend, but like it or not, I have to interview replacement chefs.
Madison : I still haven't found that customer slip for that cake Wolf was making,
Madison : and I have this charity event tomorrow night at Rocco DiSpirito's.
Madison : If I don't show up, people will think Wolf's death means the death of Q3.
Madison : Hey, maybe you should come with me.
Madison : I could use the moral support,
Madison : and maybe we can catch up on old times.
Beckett : You know, I would love to, it's just that I have something.
UNK: "Something"?
Beckett : You know, I'm available for moral support,
Castle : and I've been dying to try out Rocco's new place.
Madison : A charming raconteur,
Madison : that's just what the doctor ordered. Thank you, Rick.
Castle : Unless that's a problem.
Beckett : No, not a problem.
Madison : Here it is.
Beckett : What was the exact nature of your relationship with Wolf?
Sandra : Food turns me on.
Sandra : Not as a sex toy, but the sensual act of cooking.
Sandra : how passionate he was with his ingredients, I fell in lust.
Sandra : My husband and I were the first through the doors when Q3 opened.
Sandra : And when Wolf came by to check on our meal,
Sandra : I slipped him my number.
Castle : Did you always have sex in the restaurant?
Sandra : Wolf did his best work in the kitchen.
Beckett : And your husband never suspected?
Sandra : When he's not working nights at the ER,
Sandra : he's conked out on sleeping pills.
Sandra : I could shoot porn in my living room, he'd have no idea.
Sandra : Are you gonna tell my husband?
Beckett : You're the primary suspect in a murder investigation.
Beckett : Your husband is the least of your worries.
Castle : So what happened that night, Sandra?
Castle : The sex turn deadly?
Sandra : No, there was no sex.
David : Two weeks ago, Wolf called me out of the blue
Sandra : to tell me we were through.
David : Two weeks?
UNK: I tried calling him, but he wouldn't call me back.
UNK: So, I went to the restaurant last night to find out why.
UNK: And?
Sandra : He said he was done screwing around,
Sandra : that it was time to grow up, turn over a new damn leaf.
Beckett : - And that clearly made you angry. - Sure.
Sandra : But I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Mrs. Meyers, you cheat on your husband on a regular basis.
Beckett : Why should we believe you?
UNK: Ask the doorman at my building.
UNK: I was back before 1 : 30.
UNK: When I left the restaurant at 1 : 15, Wolf was alive.
Esposito : Yo. Doorman confirms Mrs. Meyers' story,
Esposito : and the hospital has Dr. Meyers logged as working the graveyard shift.
Castle : Our lying, cheating wife was telling the truth.
Beckett : Yeah, but until we figure out Wolf's time of death,
Beckett : she's still our best suspect.
UNK: Hey, so I ran down Wolf's daily disappearance.
UNK: His credit card records show a charge at Cafe Rex
UNK: every day the last couple of weeks around 3 : 45.
Castle : Cafe Rex? That's on 2nd in the 70s.
Castle : What was Wolf doing there?
Beckett : Why don't you guys head up and see if he was meeting with anyone?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay. We'll be right there.
Beckett : Come on. Perlmutter found something.
Castle : How's our corpse-sicle?
UNK: Thawing nicely.
UNK: In spite of the obvious challenges, I found enough unaffected tissue
UNK: to narrow time of death to between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.
Castle : That knocks out both Domingo and Mrs. Meyers.
Perlmutter : Now, once we got him under the heat lamps,
Perlmutter : some bruising began to present.
Perlmutter : First, there were significant contusions along his back and legs.
Beckett : Wow, this looks like a pretty bad beating.
Beckett : Did this happen the night of the murder?
Perlmutter : These bruises are at least two weeks old.
Castle : Bruising on the body, $40,000 in cash,
Castle : sold his shares in the diner to his foster brother...
Beckett : All within the same two-week time span.
Perlmutter : I also found a fresh bruise from a blow he suffered just before he was frozen.
Perlmutter : I went through the crime scene photos from CSU,
Perlmutter : and the bruise pattern matches one of the objects from the kitchen.
Castle : Ah! Rotary evaporator.
Castle : It's a tool that chefs use to distill and extract flavors from...
Castle : And again, you don't care.
Perlmutter : Yeah, we didn't find any prints on the body of the appliance,
Perlmutter : but there were some partials on its shattered glass tube.
Perlmutter : The guys in the lab were able to humpty-dumpty together a usable print.
Perlmutter : Didn't match any of the restaurant employees,
Perlmutter : but when they ran it through AFIS,
Perlmutter : - they got a hit. - Jennifer Wong.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Who's Jennifer Wong?