Castle : Look at his face.
Castle : - See how happy he is? Mmm.
Castle : He had no idea in eight months he'd be dead.
Beckett : Well, the bank has the warrant,
Beckett : so we should have his financials in a couple of hours.
Beckett : If he was having money troubles, we'll find out.
UNK: Beckett. - Hey.
Beckett : How'd it go with the late-night soup maker?
Beckett : - You guys find him? - We found him all right.
Esposito : In line at the airport with $5,000 cash in his suitcase,
Esposito : and a one-way ticket to Ecuador.
Castle : Nothing says, "I'm guilty," like an attempt to flee the country.
Castle : The next time you decide to go all Mr. Freeze on someone,
Castle : you should really clean up after yourself.
Castle : We found your bowls in the sink.
Domingo : - I don't understand. - We found you with a packed suitcase,
Beckett : plane tickets to Ecuador and $5,000 in cash.
Domingo : That is not a crime. I have a passport.
Beckett : Which you were using to flee a murder.
Domingo : Murder? Who do you think I killed?
Castle : Your boss in the big white hat.
UNK: Wolf?
Domingo : Wolf's dead? How?
Beckett : Mr. Verdugo, sit down.
Domingo : I did not kill anyone.
Beckett : We know you came to see him last night.
Domingo : Yes, I came back to the restaurant last night.
Domingo : My sister, she's in Ecuador. She's very sick. She needs surgery.
UNK: I came to ask Chef if I can go home.
Beckett : $5,000 is a lot of money.
Beckett : Where did you get it from?
Domingo : Chef Wolf gave it to me for my sister's operation.
UNK: I told him he was crazy, but he insisted.
Domingo : He said, "Go take care of your sister."
Domingo : Look, five years I've worked with Wolf. He's my friend. I didn't kill him.
Beckett : And he just happened to have 5 grand on him?
Domingo : Yes, in his backpack.
Domingo : Look, I promised to pay him back.
Castle : He had that much money in a backpack?
Domingo : Yeah, he had more, a lot more.
Domingo : Look, I told him he shouldn't carry so much cash.
Domingo : He could get
UNK: killed.
Beckett : There was no backpack at the scene.
Domingo : Maybe that angry lady stole it. Maybe she's the one who killed Wolf.
Beckett : - What angry lady? - One of his girlfriends.
Domingo : - I left when she came. - When?
UNK: After midnight, like around 12 : 45.
Beckett : Do you know her name?
Domingo : No, but she came into the restaurant all the time.
Beckett : Can you describe her?
Beckett : So the kitchen staff confirms
Beckett : that Wolf did have a backpack with him yesterday,
Beckett : and the only reason that they noticed it is because he didn't usually carry one.
Castle : So, Domingo was telling the truth.
Beckett : Well, just because the backpack exists
Beckett : doesn't mean that the rest of his story is credible.
Esposito : No, but he's telling the truth about the money.
Esposito : Wolf's financials came in.
Esposito : There's nothing out of the ordinary over the last six months,
UNK: but then, bam, two weeks ago,
Esposito : he withdraws all his savings from his checking account.
UNK: $ 15,000.
Beckett : 2 weeks ago?
Beckett : That's about the time that Wolf asked
Beckett : his foster brother, David, to buy his share.
Esposito : Yeah, and as soon as that check cleared,
Esposito : he withdrew that $40,000 in cash.
Ryan : On the day he was killed.
Castle : Why would someone need $40,000 in cash?
UNK: Well, nothing legal.
UNK: You know, Madison said that he would disappear every day
UNK: between 3 : 00 and 5 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Maybe where he went had something to do with the money.
Beckett : Why don't you guys talk to the kitchen staff again
UNK: and let's look into his credit card receipts.
UNK: Maybe we can figure out where he was going.
UNK: And where are we on the phone records?
Ryan : The SIM card was damaged from the freezing.
Ryan : Tech's seeing what they can salvage.
Ryan : And we subpoenaed his phone records from the provider.
Ryan : - We're waiting on those. Okay.
UNK: She looks kind of sketchy to me.
Madison : That's Sandra.
Madison : She and her husband are in every Saturday.
Madison : - Husband? - Yeah.