Cecily : It was the only time he's ever given me a pill.
UNK: Hey, man, take him to the hold, please?
Castle : - Sure. Yeah, lock him up.
UNK: Come on. Let's go.
Esposito : - He's not talking. - Yeah, but he didn't have to.
Ryan : We found Wolf's backpack in their apartment
Ryan : along with the extra cash.
Esposito : We also found a pair of his shoes with cracked soles
Esposito : from the liquid nitrogen.
Ryan : I can't imagine the betrayal he must have felt.
Beckett : It's still not an excuse to kill.
Castle : You ask me, she should've followed her heart,
Castle : left David, gone with Wolf.
Beckett : You know, I can see the virtue in staying.
Beckett : I mean, guys like Wolf, they come in, they upset the apple cart.
Beckett : Of course he makes you feel alive,
Beckett : but eventually, you know he's just gonna let you down.
Beckett : So why risk it?
Castle : Because the heart wants what the heart wants.
UNK: Speaking of... I gotta get out of here.
Beckett : - Madison? - No.
Castle : Actually, with everything going on,
Castle : she said she didn't have time to date. She didn't tell you that?
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Castle : So, I gotta get home.
Castle : Alexis has a little head-heart problem of her own,
Castle : and I want to be there for the decision.
Demming : - Case closed? - Yes.
Beckett : Thank you so much for all of your help.
Demming : Anytime. But, you know, we never really finished our dinner.
Demming : No more Fives.
Demming : You want to grab a beer and a burger at Remy's?
Beckett : You know, I would love to, it's just...
Beckett : Can I take a rain check?
Demming : - Somewhere else you need to be? - Yeah.
Beckett : - How about tomorrow? - Yeah. You're on.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You decided to go away for the weekend with your friends.
Alexis : They're picking me up in an hour.
Castle : You don't sound thrilled with your decision.
Alexis : I'm not. I feel awful about it, but either way, it's the same.
Castle : Is there anything I can do to make it easier on you?
UNK: Yes.
Alexis : You can order me to stay home.
Castle : You're serious?
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Alexis, your AP exams are far too important
Castle : for you to go gallivanting around the weekend
Castle : with your friends at the beach.
Castle : You have to stay home and study. I insist.
Alexis : I gotta call Lacey.
Alexis : Lacey? Yeah, I'm so sorry, but my dad just told me I can't go.
Alexis : I have to stay home and study for exams this weekend.
Alexis : Yeah, I know. I know. Can you believe it?
Alexis : Yeah, so much for having a cool dad.
Castle : - Dude. - Well, I'm sorry,
Alexis : and just take lots of pictures and text them to me.
Alexis : Okay. Bye.
Madison : Thank you.
Castle : You won't be thanking me when you see
Castle : what I have planned for this weekend.
Castle : 1,001 ways to distract someone who's studying.
Castle : We start by freezing ping-pong balls.
Madison : Okay, guys, let's remember to be sharp, respectful and attentive.
Madison : Okay? Have a good night.
Ryan : - Hey! - Hey, you're reopening.
Madison : Yes, I found a hot new chef to step into Wolf's shoes.
Beckett : - That's so great. - Yeah.
Jennifer : Hello, Detective. You're not here to question me again?
Beckett : No, I'm just here as a friend.
Beckett : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
Madison : - So David killed Wolf? - Yeah.
Beckett : It turns out that he intercepted a text that Wolf sent Cecily
Beckett : asking about the baby.
Beckett : And at first, he was gonna approach Cecily about it
Beckett : until he realized that eventually she would leave him
Beckett : as long as Wolf was alive.
UNK: Wow. Very Cain and Abel.
Beckett : Yeah. So I take it that you're swamped.
Madison : Always. Why?
Beckett : I thought that we could get a drink and catch up.
Madison : That'd be great.
Madison : Apparently, we have a lot of catching up to do.