Ryan : Every call's accounted for.
Beckett : - What about the cafe uptown? - The wait staff all checked out.
Esposito : They're adamant that Wolf never met anybody there.
Castle : How do you have a relationship with somebody
Castle : without leaving any evidence?
Esposito : Maybe the ring wasn't his.
Esposito : Maybe he was holding it for a friend.
Castle : No, it had to be his. Look at his behavior.
Castle : He stops sleeping around, he was paying off his debts,
Castle : he sold the one thing in life he actually cared about,
Castle : just to get that ring back.
Castle : There's only one reason a man cleans up his act.
Beckett : Yeah, but murder isn't the usual response to a proposal.
Castle : Unless you got something to lose.
Esposito : He did like married women.
Beckett : All right, have CSU re-sweep his apartment.
Beckett : If this girl spent any time there,
Beckett : she must have left some evidence behind.
Beckett : Hey, Maddie. Thanks for coming.
Madison : I thought you said I was off the hook.
Beckett : Yeah, witnesses have you at the party until after the time of death.
Madison : Then why am I here?
Madison : Anyone ever offered you one of these?
Beckett : No. You?
Madison : Not yet.
Madison : I had no idea Wolf was even serious with anyone.
Beckett : Can you think of any girl that he was close to?
Madison : Every time I saw him, he was with someone different.
Madison : It's hard to believe he'd ever commit.
UNK: The guy lived his job 24l7. It had to be somebody at the restaurant.
Castle : Not necessarily.
Castle : I've fallen in love with random women on the subway.
Beckett : Well, if you can think of anyone, call me.
Madison : Yeah. And, Becks, I'm sorry
Madison : about lying to you.
Beckett : And I might have come down a little harder than I needed to.
Castle : I've fallen in love with operators on the phone.
Ryan : Even asked one out a couple of years ago,
Ryan : but she was in Bangladesh.
Madison : Yeah, I guess I wasn't seeing you as a cop, but as my friend.
Madison : You know, the girl who stole her mom's makeup to give me a makeover,
Madison : the first who told me that kissing boys might involve some tongue.
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Esposito : I bought a falafel from this stand every day for two months
Esposito : just so I could talk to the falafel girl.
Ryan : Yeah, you mean like Demming showing up every morning for coffee
Ryan : just to run into Beckett?
UNK: What?
Madison : The one who dragged me to stand outside Brent Edwards' brownstone
Madison : for hours on end just to catch a glimpse of him through the window.
Madison : Through the window.
UNK: Wolf wasn't going to Cafe Rex to meet his girl.
Beckett : He was watching her out the cafe window.
Castle : That's why there were no phone calls.
Beckett : He was trying to gather up the courage to propose to her.
Beckett : So that's the store with the clearest view from the cafe.
Castle : Either our mystery girl works here,
Castle : or Wolf was really into women's clothes.
Castle : Maybe it's him.
Castle : Maybe that's Wolf's big secret.
Beckett : That's not his secret.
Rocco : She is.
Castle : - That's his foster brother's girlfriend. - Yep.
UNK: Well, it'd definitely make proposing tricky.
Cecily : I don't understand. Why am I here?
Beckett : How well did you know Wolf, Cecily?
Cecily : He was like family.
Beckett : So, you knew him for a long time.
UNK: Well, 10 years, ever since David's father hired me at his restaurant.
Beckett : Did the two of you ever...
Cecily : Why are you asking me this?
Beckett : Every day for the last two weeks, Wolf went to Cafe Rex,
Beckett : which is right across the street from where you work.
Beckett : He would just sit there and look out the window.
Castle : - Looking at you. - Now, why would he do that?
Cecily : - I don't know. - I think you do.
Castle : In the last two weeks, Wolf made a lot of changes.
Castle : He'd stopped sleeping around, paid off all his debts.
UNK: And he bought this for you.
Castle : What makes a man, a self-professed bad boy,
Castle : suddenly declare himself after 10 years?
Castle : Unless something changed.
UNK: Cecily, these are your phone records.
Beckett : Four months ago, you started calling your OBG YN regularly.
Beckett : You're pregnant. It's Wolf's, isn't it?
Cecily : No one was supposed to know. It was supposed to be my secret.
Cecily : But when David told Wolf we were pregnant,
Cecily : somehow he knew.
Cecily : He knew.
Cecily : God, you must think I'm awful.
Beckett : It's not my job to judge. I'm just here to get the truth.
Cecily : David's father had just died, so David went out of the country
Cecily : to bury his father in his hometown.
Sandra : Wolf came by.
Cecily : He held my hand, and I remembered how much I loved him,
Cecily : that I'd always loved him.
Castle : If you loved him so much, why stay with David?
Cecily : Because David doesn't leave.
Cecily : David doesn't sleep with every girl who walks by.
Cecily : You have no idea how hard it is
Cecily : to love someone, knowing they're gonna break your heart.
Cecily : If I couldn't trust him as a man, how could he be a father?
Cecily : I had to make a choice.
Cecily : Oh, God. Please don't tell David.
Beckett : Are you sure he doesn't already know?
Beckett : Where was he the night that Wolf was murdered?
Cecily : At home with me, in bed.
Castle : All night?
Cecily : - Oh, God. What?
Cecily : I had been having trouble sleeping,
Cecily : so David gave me a pill, the kind the doctor said was okay.