UNK: This...
UNK: Right? - Oh, my God.
Castle : This is...
Madison : This caviar parfait is delicious.
Castle : Trade you for some of my black truffle risotto with crispy shrimp.
Madison : How could I resist?
Domingo : That is...
Beckett : I'm sorry to interrupt.
Ryan : - Hey. - Beckett.
Madison : What are you doing here?
Beckett : I need to ask Madison a few questions.
Madison : Pull up a chair.
Beckett : Not here. Downtown.
Castle : You realize Madison and I weren't halfway through our tasting menus
Castle : when you stomped in there like the fun police?
Beckett : What part of her being a suspect in a murder investigation
Beckett : do you not get?
Castle : The waiter was about to come out with the duck confit en croute,
Castle : Rocco DiSpirito's pumpkin gnocchi,
Castle : not to mention the langoustine,
Castle : and don't even get me started on the wine pairings.
Beckett : I won't.
Castle : I'm just saying, you could've been more civilized
Castle : - and allowed us to finish our meal. - Uh-uh.
Beckett : You can watch from the observation room.
Castle : And now... And now you're benching me?
Beckett : You were just giggling over the risotto with our suspect.
Castle : Which was to die for, by the way.
Madison : Okay. Next time I'm hitting on a guy you like,
Madison : come clean with me before I go out with him
Madison : so you don't have to arrest me to break up the date.
Beckett : - Madison, that's not... - No, no, no, no, no. I get it.
Madison : You're hot for Castle.
Madison : You want to make little Castle babies.
Madison : Why couldn't you just be honest?
Beckett : - Maddie. - What?
Beckett : He can hear us.
Alexis : - Really? - Yes.
Madison : - Rick's behind the mirror? - Yeah.
Madison : Like on TV?
Madison : Hey, there! Sorry we missed the pumpkin gnocchi.
Madison : They're really good.
Madison : I have to tweet about this.
Beckett : Madison, put the phone down.
UNK: Sit.
Beckett : You lied to me. You knew that Wolf wanted out of Q3,
Beckett : and you knew that he was gonna sue you.
Madison : - You know about that? - Yeah, I know about that.
Madison : Okay, but I didn't lie.
Madison : I just neglected to say anything about it.
Madison : Okay, you know how hard it is to open a restaurant in Manhattan?
Madison : If word got out that Wolf was trying to leave,
Madison : it would've ruined me.
Beckett : But if he dies, with your insurance policy, you make out just fine.
Beckett : So, what happened, Maddie?
Beckett : Did you guys get into a fight? Did you throw something at him?
Beckett : Because I remember you throwing things at people
Beckett : - when you got angry. - Come on.
Madison : Don't you people have rules about
Madison : using personal knowledge against a suspect?
Beckett : Maddie, you better start being straight with me.
Madison : Becks, I didn't kill him.
David : Two weeks ago, Wolf tells me he wants out
Madison : of the restaurant biz, completely out of nowhere.
Madison : Says he's trying to change his life.
Madison : Now I'm thinking he's being poached.
Madison : So, I start offering better equipment,
Madison : a bigger piece in the business, whatever he wants.
Madison : He insists he's really getting out and that I can't change his mind.
Madison : It was like something changed in his life.
Madison : Now, I was gonna let him out of his contract.
Madison : I just needed time to find a new chef.
Madison : But I swear, Becks, I didn't kill him.
Castle : You don't really think she did it, do you?
Beckett : Well, until I can rule her out, it doesn't matter what I think.
Beckett : She has motive.
Castle : Yeah, she also has an alibi, which you're conveniently ignoring.
Beckett : I'm not ignoring, I'm just re-checking.
Beckett : I asked her to stay in town in any case.
Castle : Yes, I know. I heard
UNK: everything.
UNK: So, selling his stakes in the restaurant,
Beckett : a backpack full of cash...
Beckett : That sounds like Wolf was getting ready to run.
Castle : Yes, but from what?
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Beckett : Hey, I'm so sorry to cut out on you earlier.