Demming : No worries. It gave me time to put the word out on your vic.
UNK: And?
Tom : Well, a guy I know runs paper for a local bookmaking ring.
Tom : Turns out he's a bit of a foodie.
Tom : He clocked Wolf doing business with a bookie at Two Bridges bar.
Tom : Apparently, your boy likes to bet big.
Castle : He was in deep with a bookie.
Beckett : That explains the beating and the cash.
Beckett : Does this bookie have a name?
Beckett : Wesley Slade?
Beckett : Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : We're investigating the murder of Balthazar Wolf.
Wesley : Never heard of him.
Beckett : Really? Well, given the marks on his body
Beckett : after the beating your boys gave him, I think you have.
Castle : What happened? He get in too deep with you, so you had to take him out?
Wesley : You really think I'm gonna tell my business to a cop.
Beckett : It's either that or you face murder charges.
Beckett : That can't be good for business.
Beckett : All right.
Wesley : Let's say, hypothetically, that I made book for him.
Wesley : And let's say for the sake of argument that he owed me a lot.
Castle : How much, hypothetically?
UNK: $25,000,
Wesley : which maybe he couldn't pay.
Wesley : So maybe he needed some encouragement.
Beckett : Maybe the encouragement went too far.
Wesley : Or maybe it was the right amount,
Wesley : so he paid what he owed and went his merry way.
Castle : - When? - The day he died,
Wesley : he comes in with a backpack full of cash,
UNK: puts $25,000 on the table and asks for his ring back.
Castle : His ring? What kind of ring?
Wesley : Diamond engagement ring.
Beckett : Why'd you have it?
UNK: Hypothetically.
Wesley : Couple of weeks back, I sent my guys to collect,
Wesley : didn't have the money, gave some sob story about a woman,
Wesley : how he spent everything he had on a diamond ring.
Wesley : So, when my guys go to give him some encouragement,
Wesley : what do they find? A nice diamond ring. Nice!
Wesley : Must have set him back 10, 15 grand of my money.
Castle : So your guys took it for collateral?
Wesley : No, as incentive.
Wesley : And it worked.
Wesley : I got my money, he got his ring,
Wesley : and he goes home alive. Hypothetically.
Castle : An engagement ring makes perfect sense.
Castle : That's why he broke things off with Mrs. Meyers.
UNK: That's why he took $ 15,000 out of his account 2 weeks ago.
Beckett : Well, then where is it?
Beckett : He went to the restaurant right after, and we didn't find it at the crime scene.
Castle : Unless we did find it and we just didn't know it.
Man : - Just straight back. - Thank you.
Castle : You remember what Spike was saying about why Wolf was staying late?
UNK: Yeah, he was finishing off that cake.
Martha : A cake
UNK: with a heart-shaped mold on it.
UNK: He wasn't running away. He was going to propose.
Beckett : But to who? And why hasn't she come forward yet?
Castle : Maybe she's scared. Maybe she's in danger.
Beckett : Or maybe she killed him.
Martha : Who puts an engagement ring inside a cake?
Castle : - It's romantic. - It's a choking hazard.
Martha : I swear, men act as though there's some cosmic reward
Martha : for crazy proposals.
Martha : And what a woman really wants is a man down on one knee,
Martha : tears in his eyes, ring in his hand.
Castle : My proposal to Gina was very romantic.
Martha : A balloon ride is lovely, but not in February.
Castle : Her hand was shaking so much from the cold,
Castle : it was difficult getting that ring on.
Martha : It was a sign.
Castle : - Huh. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So, have you decided?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Again, David, I am so sorry for your loss.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Shed any light?
Beckett : So, David said that he wouldn't have believed it
Beckett : unless I'd shown him the ring.
Castle : He had no idea who Wolf was proposing to,
Beckett : and neither did anyone else in his life.
Beckett : The guy was in love with a ghost.
Castle : Ooh, that'd be cool, if it was actually a ghost.
Ryan : Went back through the phone logs from the restaurant and Wolf's cell.