Linda : I felt so guilty.
Beckett : Is that why you started NBP?
Castle : I thought
Linda : maybe I could help Robyn, somehow make a difference.
Beckett : Except she found out the truth,
UNK: confronted you, and that's why you killed her?
Linda : I didn't kill Robyn.
Linda : I didn't even know she found out the truth.
Beckett : Look, Linda, it's time to come clean.
Linda : I just did.
Linda : I crashed the car, fled the scene.
Linda : But I didn't kill Robyn.
Linda : I was in Philadelphia on business at the time of the murder.
Beckett : Who else knew about the crash?
Linda : I'd like to speak to my lawyer now.
UNK: AII groups, final checks. Ten minutes until curtain.
Martha : Oh, Richard, thank you for letting me be here.
Castle : Of course, Mother. You should be here.
Scott : Linda, hey, it's me. The show's about to start. where are you?
Ryan : Mr. weinberg, you can hang up the phone.
UNK: Your wife's being held at the 12th Precinct.
UNK: Why? what the hell's going on here?
Castle : We know you killed Robyn.
Scott : Excuse me, but that's absurd.
Esposito : We canvassed around your apartment.
UNK: We found one ofyour shirts in a dumpster with Robyn's blood on it.
Castle : When she realized your wife was behind the car accident,
Castle : Robyn came looking for her, didn't she?
Jackson : She was pissed.
UNK: And Linda was out oftown,
Scott : so I told Robyn I'd have Linda meet her at herjob.
Ryan : But you just wanted to get her alone so you could kill her.
Ryan : And bury your wife's secret forever.
Scott : No. I wanted to make her understand that ifthe truth came out,
Scott : it would ruin everything.
UNK: AII we had worked for.
UNK: AII that you girls had worked for.
Beckett : And that's why you killed her?
Scott : No. No, no, it was an accident.
Scott : She was calling me a liar and a hypocrite, and I just...
Scott : I pushed her, and suddenly, she hit her head on...
Esposito : Scott weinberg, you're under arrest for the murder of Robyn King.
UNK: Stage Manager : Final rehearsal. Aca-Cons, you're up next.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Are you Robyn's girls?
Martha : Oh, listen,
Martha : I'm an acquaintance of hers. My name is Martha Rodgers.
UNK: I have only one real specialty, performance.
Martha : But if I can assist you in any way at all...
Agnes : - That would be great. - Yes? Okay.
Martha : Darling, could you hold that for me?
Castle : Going to work your magic, Mother?
Esposito : You bet your bestselling novels I am, kiddo.
UNK: AII right. Now, I want you to listen to me.
Martha : I know how hard this is, all right?
Martha : But you can do this.
Martha : You can rise above your sorrow and win this for Robyn.
Martha : - Yes? - Yes.
Castle : Let's go.
Martha : I want you to go up there, take a deep breath.
Castle : Guys, I really appreciate you Ietting me help out on this one.
UNK: Well, you know, we'd do anything for Martha.
Ryan : Yeah, we still like her.
UNK: Ow. Are you saying that because Beckett and I are separated,
Castle : that we can't be friends?
UNK: Look...
Ryan : At first, we thought it was just a temporary thing,
Ryan : but now we know you're dating other people...
UNK: That reminds me. Got to get ready for my hot date with Svetlana.
Castle : Have fun with that paperwork.