Jackson : But they clearly weren't a happy family.
Jackson : As I was leaving, I heard Robyn threaten to call the cops
Jackson : if her mom ever came near her again.
Jackson : I shouldn't have left them alone.
Jackson : Robyn might still be alive if I had just stayed behind.
UNK: Hey. So, here's a surprise.
Ryan : Robyn's records show that her mother died when she was five.
Castle : - Then who's Mama? - Exactly.
UNK: And here's another mystery that I found.
UNK: According to Robyn's MetroCard,
UNK: she's been taking subway trips
UNK: up to Spanish Harlem two nights a week,
UNK: ever since she was released from prison.
UNK: Each time she leaves around 11 : 30 p.m.,
UNK: stays for almost two hours before going home.
Castle : Any indication in her financials what she was doing up there?
Ryan : No, nothing yet.
Castle : - I gotta take that. - Okay.
Castle : - Hey! - Hey.
UNK: So, I heardabout Martha.
Beckett : Why didn't you pull me out of the meeting?
UNK: You know what, I thoughtaboutit,
UNK: but this whole new secret relationship, I wasn't quite sure what the rules were.
Beckett : Well, is she okay?
Castle : Physically, yes. She's fine.
Castle : Emotionally, not so much.
Castle : She made me promise to help track down Robyn's killer.
Beckett : Of course. But you know that publicly, I can't agree to that.
Castle : - What do you mean? - Well, it means that I love you,
Beckett : but right now, I'm gonna have to yell at you.
Beckett : Castle, we talked about this! You can't be here.
Castle : Well, excuse me for living, but I've got a damn good reason.
Beckett : I don't care what your reason is.
UNK: You can'tjust waltz in and out of my precinct whenever you want.
Castle : Uh, my mother was traumatized, Captain,
Castle : I'm involved in this case whether you like it or not.
Beckett : Fine. But you're on a short leash.
Castle : Oh, I'll decide how short my leash is.
Esposito : Yo, I just got off the phone with Robyn's parole officer.
UNK: Look who I found, Robyn's "Mama."
UNK: Olivia "Mama" Toussaint.
UNK: She's a mid-Ievel dealer who sells party drugs to rich kids.
Esposito : Robyn was part of her crew, two years ago, when she got busted.
Beckett : What was Robyn arrested for?
Ryan : Uh, grand theft auto,
Ryan : reckless endangerment, destruction of private property.
Esposito : Robyn made a delivery to a country club on Long Island,