House : I'm an atheist.
Arlene : Honey, half the Jews I know are atheists.
Arlene : It's about community.
Cuddy : House isn't that big on community.
Arlene : And why do you call him House?
Arlene : The man's name is Greg. It makes it seem like you're not serious.
Arlene : I'm just trying to help you think about the future.
Arlene : You're a certain age now.
Arlene : The parade of boyfriends can't be as amusing as it was.
Arlene : You need to settle down, like your sister.
Wilson : Settling down isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Wilson : Next week is Sam's birthday and I was gonna take her to the Poconos.
Arlene : That's very sad.
Arlene : Perhaps not the best choice of topic for a festive occasion.
Arlene : I just don't want Rachel growing up thinking you're a slut.
UNK: House he Stops Refraining Himself And Looks At Cuddy : Okay. I got this. First of all, Mom...
Cuddy : Oh, my God.
UNK: Did you sedate my mother?
UNK: It kicked in just in time.
House : She'll wake up in a couple of hours, be good as new.
House : Think of it as my birthday gift to you.
House : You told me to keep my mouth shut.
UNK: This was the only way I had a chance.
UNK: Wilson he Is Trying Hard Not To Laugh : Leaving aside the fact that House is a sociopath,
UNK: Wilson he Is Trying Hard Not To Laugh : I have to admit that I'm honestly relieved.
UNK: Wilson he Is Trying Hard Not To Laugh : Your mom is quite a handful.
UNK: Wilson he Is Trying Hard Not To Laugh : What? I feel...
UNK: Wilson he Is Trying Hard Not To Laugh : You've got to be kidding me. You drug...
House : Sorry. I honestly thought you'd be worse.
House : That was my gift to myself.
Taub : I take it Jack's thyroid levels are normal.
Masters : Foreman is doing a liver biopsy now.
UNK: Good.
Masters : What's up with you?
Taub : Nothing. I'm peachy.
UNK: Masters she Sits Down In Front Of Him : It's hard when you feel like you've been replaced.
UNK: Masters she Sits Down In Front Of Him : We got a new puppy once,
UNK: Masters she Sits Down In Front Of Him : and our old cocker spaniel just moped for weeks.
Taub : Have you even had sex?
Masters : We're not talking about me, we're talking about you.
Taub : No, you're talking about puppies, and I'm not listening.
Taub : She wants to do it all the time,
Taub : but it has nothing to do with me.
Taub : I'm just a piece of meat.
Masters : Well, she likes someone else,
Masters : and you've slept with other people.
UNK: Uh...
Masters : Why are you still together?
Taub : I love her.
Taub : We've been together for 22 years.
Taub : I've never loved anybody else.
Taub : I don't know how to not be with her.
Masters : So you're never gonna cheat again.
Taub : I don't know.
Masters : That seems kind of selfish, doesn't it?
Masters : Foreman found diffuse inflammation in Jack's liver.
UNK: cut To Taub Driving Back Home. He Passes By A Billboard And Does A Double Take : Looks like autoimmune hepatitis.
UNK: He's starting him on steroids.