House : EKG's unremarkable. Thyroid, liver and kidney function seems fine.
House : You're perfectly healthy.
Arlene : I wish that you would take a second look.
Arlene : I'm tired all the time and when it's cold,
Arlene : I get this weird pain in my shoulder.
House : I have a pain in my leg,
House : you don't hear me complaining.
House : Except for just now.
Arlene : How do doctors get this idea you're better than everyone else?
House : Probably all that pulling people back from the brink of death.
House : It's just a guess.
UNK: My own daughter's a doctor.
Arlene : She makes a hobby of dismissing my concerns.
UNK: House he Smiles Again And Starts To Leave : She sounds smart.
Arlene : Did she tell you to say that?
UNK: House he Scoffs And Stops At The Door : I've never met your daughter.
Arlene : That's hard to believe, since you're currently shtupping her.
House : We have a situation.
Jack : Roach bombs, where?
Taub : In Chloe's apartment.
Jack : Who's Chloe?
Taub : Look, we don't care about your personal life,
Taub : we're not gonna tell your wife...
Jack : I honestly have no idea what you're talking about.
Masters : Guess who showed up looking for Jack.
UNK: Hey.
Jack : - Hi. - Are you okay?
Jack : The EMT said you'd gone to another hospital.
UNK: They held me overnight for observation,
Jack : I'm fine. I had to come here to...
Chloe : I don't know why you did it, but thank you.
Jack : You're welcome.
Chloe : I should have brought flowers, or something.
Chloe : You're like my guardian angel.
Jack : No, I'm just a guy in a band.
Chase : Maybe you've heard of them? Suicide Season.
Chloe : One of my nurses gave me the CD.
Chloe : I haven't had a chance to listen to it yet,
Chloe : but I have a feeling I'm going to be your biggest fan.
UNK: Masters puts A Sterile Pot In Front Of Jack : I'm gonna need you to cough.
Chase : What are you doing?
Masters : Getting a sputum culture.
Masters : They obviously don't know each other, so it's not toxic exposure.
Masters : Just leaves my theory, infection.
Masters : If you could just cough up a sample, we can test for pathogens.
Jack : Sorry. Sorry. There's nothing... There's nothing coming up.
Masters : Well, maybe I can help you.
Jack : - It hurts! - What's the matter?
UNK: Taub examining Jack With A Penlight. : Round, equal, reactive to light, it's not a stroke.
UNK: Jack moaning : No, it's not my head, it's my ears.