Eva : Did you even think about your family?
House : Dinner with your mom on Thursday...
UNK: Cuddy she Frowns And Closes Her Laptop. : It's my birthday.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : I know. I'm definitely coming.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : Wilson's got tickets to the Hong Kong Film Festival.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : Ever since his break-up he's been a mess.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : I haven't been able to tell him that I'm not going.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : So maybe if you happen to see him,
UNK: you can mention how important this is.
UNK: Cuddy shakes Her Head And Sighs : You should go.
House : What? I can't. It's your birthday.
UNK: Cuddy rather Reluctantly : It's fine. It's sweet that you care about your friend.
UNK: Cuddy rather Reluctantly : And frankly, as you will find out sooner or later,
UNK: Cuddy rather Reluctantly : my mother is a handful.
UNK: Go.
House : I need your advice. This film festival...
UNK: Wilson in A Warning Tone : I have had these tickets for two months.
House : Yeah, I know. I'm definitely coming.
UNK: Okay.
House : But Thursday is Cuddy's birthday and her mom's coming down.
House : It's a whole dinner thing.
House : And I thought, maybe if you see her,
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : you could mention how upset you've been...
Wilson : You have to go.
Wilson : Your girlfriend's birthday? It's not even a question.
House : She has one every year.
House : How often do you break up with the love of your life?
House : Okay, for you, it's more often than most, but still...
Wilson : I'm a big boy, I think I'll survive.
UNK: House opening The Door As Wilson Waves Him Out : I will definitely make this up to you.
UNK: Hey.
Rachel : Am I imagining things,
Rachel : or did I see a billboard with your face on it on my way home tonight?
Taub : Was my whole face there? 'Cause I just saw the nose.
House : I thought you said they were taking a picture
UNK: Rachel she Chuckles, But Is Still Looking At Her Screen : of a bunch of doctors together.
Taub : They did. I have no idea how it ended up just me.
Rachel : Well, you are pretty cute.
Taub : You're flirting with me?
Rachel : Don't see anyone else in the room.
UNK: What?
Taub : I don't know.
Taub : Things have been a little tense around here
Taub : since that whole online-boyfriend thing.
UNK: Rachel taking The Laptop Away And Turning His Attention To Taub : Phil's not my boyfriend. I'm not the one with the problem.
Taub : No, you're the one with feelings for someone else.
Rachel : You're still my husband,
Rachel : I still love you,
Rachel : and I want things to be okay between us.
Rachel : Also, you're a famous model now. That's pretty cool.
Rachel : Sexy, even.
Masters : So I advance through the carotid bifurcation?
Chase : Are you asking?
Masters : Yes, I'm asking.
Masters : I've only read how to do it, but practice is different than theory.
Masters : Just tell me how to do it.
UNK: You're gonna inject dye just past the takeoff of the optic artery.
UNK: Now?
Chases : His BP's going up, the procedure's stressing his body.
Masters : What do I do?
Chase : Hold on a minute.
Chase : Just give him a chance to regain equilibrium.
Chase : BP's up, heart rate's 180.
Masters : What should I do?
UNK: Chase taking Over : Give me the catheter, get the crash cart.
UNK: Chase taking Over : He's in cardiac arrest.
UNK: Chase taking Over : Maybe your second time will go better.
House : So we finally know what Taub would look like if he were life-size.
Taub : Can we go back to the office now?