Masters : Okay, this is Lidocaine. It'll numb you up.
UNK: Okay.
Jack : This is weird.
Chloe : What's the matter?
Jack : The pain in my ear is gone.
Chase : Gone? Completely?
Jack : Yeah. When you stuck me in the back.
Jack : What does that mean?
Cuddy : Okay. I'm just cutting that for you.
Arlene : Is she going to eat anything else,
Arlene : or just the cheese and crackers?
Cuddy : She's going through a picky phase, it won't kill her.
Arlene : You're her mother.
Arlene : All I know is, when you and your sister were growing up
Arlene : you ate what we ate, no excuses.
House : Would you pass the salt?
Cuddy : She had eggs this morning and lots of fruit.
Arlene : Ah! That explains it.
Cuddy : Explains what?
Arlene : She wouldn't listen to anything I said.
Arlene : Must have been all the sugar.
Wilson : Actually, the whole sugar-makes-kids-hyperactive thing is a myth.
Wilson : It's a study.
UNK: Arlene still Glaring At Him : I'm sure it's very interesting.
UNK: Arlene still Glaring At Him : I didn't read any studies, I just raised children.
UNK: Arlene still Glaring At Him : It's not your fault.
UNK: Arlene still Glaring At Him : How are you supposed to keep up with what she eats all day?
UNK: Arlene still Glaring At Him : You're never home.
House : I'm sorry, I have to get this.
House : Tell me you need me.
Chase : Jack doesn't have cancer.
UNK: House loudly : God, that's awful. I'll be right in.
Foreman : we just need to figure out why this guy's body thinks his ear is on his back.
House : 'Cause his ear used to be something else.
Taub : Referred pain.
Jack : When you stuck him in the back,
House : you cut off communication with the pain centers in his spinal cord.
House : So we just need to figure out where the message is actually coming from.
House : What about his thyroid?
UNK: Hyperthyroidism would explain all his symptoms.
House : Were you like this when you were working for your math degree?
House : would you have been the kid sitting in the front row going,
House : "Actually, you haven't proven the Pythagorean theorem."
UNK: Hello?
Cuddy : All right.
UNK: Mom?
Arlene : Thank you, sweetie.
Arlene : So say you two got married, would you convert to Judaism?
UNK: Cuddy dryly : We haven't gotten that far, Mom.
UNK: That's actually a really interesting question.