UNK: Masters cheerful, Giving Each Team Member A File, With Their Name On A Post-it. Chase And Taub Throw The Post-it Away With Disgusted Looks : I found this case in the ER.
UNK: White male, mid-30s, loss of consciousness, abnormal EKG,
UNK: Masters cheerful, Giving Each Team Member A File, With Their Name On A Post-it. Chase And Taub Throw The Post-it Away With Disgusted Looks : and he's the subway hero.
UNK: House very Unimpressed, Pouring Himself Coffee : Your enthusiasm is impressive.
UNK: House very Unimpressed, Pouring Himself Coffee : Wish I could say the same about your presentation.
UNK: House very Unimpressed, Pouring Himself Coffee : Everybody knows you lead with your most interesting symptom.
Masters : You're right, EKG is more interesting than loss of consciousness.
UNK: So I think we should do...
House : God! She's still talking, make it stop.
UNK: House's world view doesn't include random acts of self-sacrifice.
UNK: Chase in A Patient Tone : He's gonna count heroism as a symptom until proven otherwise.
Masters : The guy did a wonderful thing.
Masters : Can't we just take that at face value?
House : You are adorable.
House : Heroism does exist.
Masters : What about the guy who landed the plane in the Hudson?
House : News flash, that guy was already on the plane.
House : For all we know he would have killed everyone else on board
House : if it increased his chances.
House : Faced with almost certain death,
House : a normal person rides the pine.
Masters : What about firefighters?
House : The guys who undergo months of training
House : to deny their own instincts for self-preservation?
Taub : And the patient isn't a firefighter.
Taub : He plays a bass in a band.
Masters : So humanity is apathetic and self-serving?
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : I was mugged once. When I saw the gun, my legs went out.
Chase : I always thought it was "fight or flight,"
Chase : didn't know it was "fight or flight or faint."
Taub : Laugh all you want, the other 100 people stayed on that platform.
Taub : That's a normal response to danger.
House : The coward has spoken. Our patient's problem is neurological.
House : Sympathetic stimulation.
House : Stress to the brain triggers a response in the heart.
House : Go forth and look for masses
House : in Clark Kent's limbic system.
Chase : Seems like you're getting a bit of attention.
Jack : Everyone keeps going out of their way, asking me if I need anything.
Jack : It's kind of nice.
Masters : So what happened out there?
Jack : I don't really remember.
Jack : It's just images, like flashes. I kind of went on autopilot.
Jack : My memory doesn't go back into real time until I was in the ambulance.
Masters : I read that's pretty common for people in life-or-death situations.
Jack : - Jack. - Honey.
Jack : This is my wife Eva.
Jack : Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine.
Jack : They're just doing some tests.
Jack : How's Daisy?
Eva : She's not so good, actually.
Eva : She watched her father jump in front of a train.
Eva : She's still shaking, she can't stop crying.
Eva : Why would you do that to her?
Masters : He saved a woman's life.
Eva : He could have died.