UNK: By tomorrow, we are gonna find a connection between our two victims
Beckett : that will lead us straight to a flesh-and-blood killer.
Beckett : In the meantime,
Beckett : it's getting kind of late. Okay?
Beckett : So why don't we just call it a night?
Beckett : You know what, actually,
Beckett : we could go back to my place tonight and take some more photos.
Castle : Well, I might be... Whoa, wait a minute.
Castle : In every horror movie I've ever seen,
Castle : having sex pretty much guarantees we will die.
Castle : So, for the safety of us both, I say we just hold off.
Beckett : Are you sure? I mean, think about it, Castle.
Beckett : This could be our last time.
Beckett : That's... Okay.
Castle : What you're doing right now, this is not helping.
Castle : I'm gonna remove myself from temptation.
Castle : A good night's sleep will give me some perspective.
UNK: All right, this is...
Operator : - Hello? - Wes! Hey, it's Rick.
UNK: Jeez, Rick, it's after midnight.
Castle : Yeah, sorry. I just, um... I need some advice.
UNK: Is Stephen King beating you at Texas Hold 'Em again?
UNK: Yeah, right.
UNK: No, but, um, this is actually about your movies.
UNK: I mean, the name Wes Craven is synonymous with horror.
UNK: You've made a fortune scaring the crap out of people.
UNK: My Soul to Take, all the Nightmare on Elm Streets, terrifying.
UNK: Wes Craven : So you call me up in the middle of the night
UNK: Wes Craven : to join my fan club, what?
Castle : No. I know that you've researched
Castle : evil spirits who reach out from the beyond for all your films.
Castle : Of course.
Castle : I was just wondering if you knew how to stop those pesky suckers.
UNK: Wes Craven : Is this you making your own movie?
UNK: Wes Craven : I mean, are you writing a horror screenplay?
Castle : Yes. I just thought I'd give you a little friendly competition.
Castle : Just got a little writer's block, is all.
UNK: Wes Craven : Okay, what's the story?
UNK: Um...
UNK: A ruggedly handsome hero and his notoriously practical lady friend
Castle : watch a disc that's killing its viewers within three days.
UNK: Wes Craven : Really? You don't think that's a little derivative?
UNK: Yes, but I am hoping to distinguish the ending.
Castle : You know, make the third act a survival tale rather than a bloodbath.
Castle : I just can't figure out how to get my heroes out of this mess.
UNK: Wes Craven : So, the key is always in the spirit's origin story.
UNK: Wes Craven : Once you have that, you can start to figure out the spirit's weaknesses.
UNK: Wes Craven : If it's using the disc as its portal into our world...
Castle : Then the disc would contain clues as to the spirit's story.
Castle : Wes, thank you. Thank you.
Castle : Listen, buddy, it's late. I gotta go.
UNK: Wes Craven : Friendly competition, my ass.
Beckett : You guys have got to be kidding me.
Beckett : We didn't find a single connection between our victims?
UNK: No, the two were as different as night and day.
Ryan : Jason was a retired ex-army doc. Val was a young Manhattan ad exec.
Esposito : Val was born in Florida. Jason grew up in lowa.
Ryan : They didn't share any friends. They weren't family.
Beckett : And none of Jason's relatives recognized Val's photo?
UNK: No. And nobody from Val's family had ever seen or heard of Jason.
Ryan : We're still looking through their records, but so far, nothing.
Beckett : So we're at a dead end?
UNK: Ah, maybe not.
Castle : After much reflection,
Castle : I realized the key to solving this is figuring out the story on the DVD.
UNK: To that end, I crowdsourced one of the images to my legion of followers.
Ryan : And someone recognized it?
Castle : Oh, you betcha. According to bedazzlecats39,
Castle : you're looking at the Brunswick Inn in Port Campbell.
Ryan : Bingo. Val's credit card records show
Ryan : that she spent a few nights at the Brunswick Inn in November, 2008.
Esposito : Looks like Jason crashed there, too. Also in November, 2008.
Beckett : Okay, so both of our victims stayed at that inn at the same time.
UNK: So, maybe they were having an affair.
UNK: Well, in 2008, Val would've been 24.
UNK: Jason would've been 66. An affair would've been...
Castle : - Gross. - I was gonna say unlikely.
Esposito : Doesn't look like an affair. They stayed in separate rooms.
Ryan : Well, the victims were at the inn, the inn was on the disc.
UNK: There's gotta be a connection.
Castle : The inn must be the place
Castle : where some unspeakable horror befell the spirits. Think about it.
Castle : The Ring, Psycho, The Shining.
UNK: It's when we get to the creepy old motel
Castle : that everything starts really going south.
Castle : So, this must be the location of the spirit's origin story.
Beckett : Or somehow Val and Jason connected with the human killer at that inn.
Castle : My version's better.
Beckett : Why don't you look into the Brunswick Inn,
Beckett : see if there are any red flags, past crimes?
Beckett : Castle and I will go to Port Campbell and see what we can find.
UNK: Maybe I should stay here.
Castle : I mean, the inn is just one piece of the puzzle.
UNK: I should really check the other images on the video,
Castle : see what I can figure out.
Ryan : Whoa! You're volunteering to watch that thing again?
UNK: Yeah, not like I can get any deader.