Castle : Yeah. And Jason and Val, both witnesses in his 2008 murder trial.
Beckett : Okay, so somehow Nigel Malloy must be taking revenge
Beckett : against the people that testified against him.
Castle : Uh, yeah, there's only one problem.
Castle : Nigel Malloy is dead.
Castle : He died in prison three years ago.
Mitch : Nigel Malloy, they called him The Grim Reaper.
Castle : His signature?
Castle : Searing symbols, like the ones we saw in the video,
Castle : into the flesh of his victims.
Ryan : Turns out that Val and Jason
Ryan : were witnesses to the kidnapping of Malloy's first victim, Esther Alonzo.
Castle : He abducted her from an amusement park in New Jersey.
Castle : Tortured her in his basement for days before killing her.
Ryan : Had the local police running around in circles.
Ryan : They even arrested the wrong guy before capturing him, five bodies later.
Beckett : Well, considering he died in prison,
UNK: I'd say he has a pretty good alibi for our two murders.
Beckett : It's gotta be someone else.
Castle : Don't be so sure.
Castle : Take a look at what Nigel Malloy said
Castle : in an interview he did
Castle : right before he died.
Interviewer : So, Mr. Malloy,
Esposito : are you saying you actually believe you can't die?
UNK: My victims gave me unique insight into death, into its secrets.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : Even when my body perishes, my essence will continue on.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : I will continue on.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : You see, death is just the beginning.
Beckett : Wow. That guy gives a whole new meaning to the word "psycho."
UNK: Wonder if he did find a way to let his spirit live on.
UNK: Like the killer in those Chucky movies,
Ryan : who transferred his spirit into that spooky doll.
Castle : Exactly. Only instead of a doll, it's a DVD.
Castle : That explains the message, "You saw. You die."
UNK: The witnesses saw his crimes, so they must die.
Beckett : Well, then given that logic,
Beckett : we'd both be okay because we're not witnesses.
UNK: You're a cop. I'm a cop. Helper.
Castle : I mean, you don't think a convicted serial killer's
UNK: gonna have an ax to grind with the NYPD?
Beckett : Castle, Nigel Malloy is not involved. He's dead.
Beckett : But someone else might be acting on his behalf.
Beckett : Ryan, talk to the DA in Port Campbell.
Beckett : Let's locate those other witnesses and make sure they're safe.
Ryan : - Yeah. - The court records were sealed.
Castle : How would the killer know who the witnesses were?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Well, wait a minute. Um...
Ryan : Nigel Malloy had a brother, Leopold.
Ryan : The DA accused him of helping dispose of the bodies.