Castle : Go back.
Castle : That one there, that's the, um...
Castle : That's the Tibetan Wheel. It symbolizes rebirth.
Castle : Hang on.
Castle : That is the Masonic Compass. That's...
Castle : They felt it represented, uh, resurrection.
Beckett : - Your point being? - Oh.
Castle : Rebirth? Resurrection?
Castle : This video obviously resurrects something from the great beyond,
Castle : something dangerous, something murderous.
Castle : I mean, what other explanation can there be?
Beckett : There are plenty of explanations, Castle,
Beckett : and none of them are supernatural.
UNK: In fact, I bet Perlmutter has our cause of death by now.
Beckett : Those tox and autopsy reports should be done.
Pearlmutter : Ah, Detective Beckett,
Pearlmutter : and Defective Castle.
UNK: So, Perlmutter, how was Val Butler killed?
Pearlmutter : It appears she died of heart failure.
Castle : At 27?
Beckett : Did she have heart problems?
Pearlmutter : Well, she certainly did once it stopped beating.
Beckett : What made it stop?
UNK: Is it possible that she was poisoned or OD'd on drugs?
Pearlmutter : Nothing showed up on her blood panels.
Castle : What about what caused her, um...
UNK: Well, post-mortem contractions of the facial muscles are not unheard of.
Castle : - You don't know what killed her. - I wouldn't say that.
Castle : - Do you have a theory? - Not at the present time.
Castle : That means you don't know.
Castle : And the only explanation is that Val faced something so scary,
Castle : it stopped her heart and froze her face in the last expression she had.
Castle : Terror. Admit it.
Pearlmutter : All I'll say, Mr. Castle, is that, for now, cause of death is unknown.
Castle : Unknown. Hear that?
Castle : Not good.
Castle : What are you doing?
Castle : Checking my bucket list.
UNK: Seeing how many things I can get done in two days.
Castle : Can either one of you introduce me to Bill Shatner?
UNK: You know, finding who sent this disc
Ryan : should make Castle feel a whole lot better.
Esposito : Yeah. But what if the worst happens and Castle's right?
Esposito : Do you think he put me in his will?
Ryan : Dude, uncool.
Esposito : What? I'm just wondering.
Esposito : I mean, Castle's death will be sad and all,
Esposito : but his Ferrari sure would lessen my grief.
Ryan : You do realize that even putting that out in the universe is bad karma?
UNK: Please. Castle's not gonna die.
Esposito : We're not dealing with an evil spirit.
Esposito : We're dealing with a guy who has a return address.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Why does everybody keep asking about box 1135?
Ryan : Wait, who else has been asking about it?
Tommy : Some brunette chick came in here a couple of days ago.
UNK: Probably Val. What'd you tell her?
UNK: Nothing, brah. It's against company policy.
UNK: Well, I think that this trumps company policy.
Ryan : So, who owns the box?
Tommy : Ah, that's the weird thing.
UNK: The guy who owns it died, like, three months ago.