Ryan : Heller's financials show
Ryan : that he bought groceries at a store outside Kingston yesterday.
Ryan : His family owns a cabin up there.
Esposito : That's probably where he's holed up.
Beckett : Okay. Esposito, you keep digging into Leopold.
UNK: Ryan,
Beckett : Find the other witnesses. Make sure they're safe.
Beckett : Castle and I will head off to Kingston and see if we can get Heller.
Castle : We're going to a cabin in the woods in the middle of nowhere?
Ryan : Yeah. So?
Castle : So, it's like the coed checking out
Castle : the strange noise in the basement in a slasher pic.
Castle : It's a recipe for disaster.
Beckett : It's not a slasher flick. It's a murder investigation.
Beckett : And I'm going up to that cabin. So, you coming or what?
Castle : Well, I can't let you go alone.
Castle : But I need to make a stop first.
Castle : Okay. So I've got incense, palaspas, bagua mirror.
Castle : This is a veritable war chest for fighting evil spirits.
Beckett : - Is that holy water? - Yeah.
UNK: Where'd you get that from?
Castle : A priest blessed this for me two years ago.
Beckett : And you just keep it around?
Castle : Knew it would come in handy one day.
Castle : Now, what weapon do you want?
Beckett : I think I'll be fine with my gun.
Castle : There's not just one tiny part of you that wonders if I might be right?
Ryan : - Hey, Beckett? - Ryan?
Ryan : Hey, Beckett?
Castle : Hey, I...
UNK: Ryan...
Beckett : I think we're in a bad area. I'm having a hard time hearing you.
Ryan : Okay, then, I'll make it quick.
Ryan : I just finished with the last of the remaining witnesses.
Ryan : None of them got a disc.
Beckett : So the killer only targeted the first three witnesses?
Ryan : Well, either that or he hasn't gotten around to the others yet.
Castle : Dude, you're breaking up.
Castle : - Hang on. - Yo, check this out.
Esposito : Looks like Val, Jason and Mark Heller had something else in common.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett...
Ryan : ...not what we think.
Ryan : Beckett? Beckett!
Beckett : I can't get him back. I don't have any reception.
Beckett : There's Heller's car. He's here.
Castle : Yeah, I haven't got any bars either.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we are in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : Can this get any worse?
Castle : A dead serial killer has gone missing,
Castle : we've both seen a cursed disc,
Castle : we're at a cabin in the woods with no cell phone reception.
Castle : I don't need Wes Craven to tell me how this ends.
Beckett : Well, think about it this way, Castle.
UNK: In all those horror movies, someone survives.
Castle : Yeah. Someone. One of us.
Castle : And the other one is cursed with being charming and funny.
Castle : I don't think I need to tell you
Castle : what kind of chances the comic-relief guy has.
Esposito : Mark Heller?
Esposito : Mark Heller?
UNK: Jeez!
UNK: Can't say I'm a fan of the decor.
Beckett : Yeah, well, neither am I. But we're just here to find...
UNK: Mark Heller : Unless you leave, you're gonna die.