Foreman : The pills cause blood clots, heart attacks and insomnia.
Foreman : It explains everything. We'll keep her overnight to make sure,
Foreman : but, uh, she'll be fine.
Cameron : Thank you.
Cameron : I can't believe she was that desperate.
House : Yeah, I'm sure that if everyone I knew hated me,
House : couldn't bear to look at me, I wouldn't go so far as to shoplift.
UNK: I'm not talking about the shoplifting. I'm sure she didn't even know they were dangerous.
Foreman : She probably saw them advertised on TV or over the Internet.
Chase : Right. So I guess it's the media and pharmaceutical companies' fault now,
UNK: not the fact that she can't stop shoveling food down her throat.
Chase : No one forced her to get fat.
Cameron : - No one forced a cancer patient to get cancer. - Give me a break. It's not a disease.
Foreman : Have you seen the latest research? Yes, I have.
Chase : What I haven't seen lately is a kid eating an apple or riding a bike.
Chase : You Americans can't even compete with the rest of the world in basketball anymore,
UNK: unless, ofcourse, it's the type you play with a remote control on a big-screen TV.
House : - Right. - Wait, wait, wait.
UNK: Are you gonna let him say that? He insulted our basketball teams.
UNK: Mr. Conroy : Oh, my God.
UNK: It hurts so bad. Please. What happened?
Mom : - She's bleeding. - From where?
UNK: Oh, my gosh.
Jessica : Just please stop it. Please!
House : Diet pills brought her to us. We gave her the sores.
Foreman : You think she got a staph infection from something here?
UNK: I'm not saying the hospital gave her the sores. I'm saying we did, by treating her.
House : Warfarin-induced skin necrosis.
Cameron : Highly unlikely. We started her on heparin before the warfarin. - Who gave her the heparin?
UNK: - I did warfarin. She did heparin. - Sure you didn't both give her warfarin?
Cameron : Yes. I did not screw up.
House : Did you actually see her prepare and administer the heparin?
UNK: 'Nuff said.
Cameron : You were standing right there. I was preparing my own dose.
Cameron : Yeah, right. There's gotta be some other cause. - None that I can think of.
House : Let's fix the mistake.
UNK: Give her unfractionated I. V. heparin and low molecular weight heparin by subcutaneous injection, stat.
Cameron : Making me look bad is not gonna save your job.
Chase : You think you're incapable of making a mistake?
UNK: You think that I'm just gonna roll over and take this?
UNK: House isn't gonna protect you just because you kiss his ass.
Cameron : Vogler wants to know what he can do for me.
House : Hey! Stop worrying about your asses and start worrying about the patient's.