House : What else could cause uncontrollable rage in a 10-year-old?
Foreman : Nothing that could also cause a heart attack.
House : I assume I don't have to point out that now would be an extremely good time...
House : for one of you to distinguish yourself with a brilliant idea.
UNK: A hypercoagulable state can cause a blood clot.
UNK: Blood clots can cause a heart attack. - More likely to cause a stroke, not the psychosis.
UNK: No, you're wrong. If a clot made it to the amygdala area of the brain, it might cause uncontrollable rage.
Cameron : Right, because anything's possible, but nothing's gonna cause multiple clots in a kid this age.
Chase : - She's fat. - Obesity doesn't cause blood clots.
Chase : Extremely obese patients can get a fat embolus.
UNK: Right, after they've had liposuction, which she's clearly never had.
Chase : - How do you know? - Because we have her medical records,
Cameron : and because no plastic surgeon in his right mind is gonna give a 10-year-old liposuction.
Chase : Have you ever met a plastic surgeon who was in their right mind?
House : - She hasn't had liposuction. - Thank you.
House : But what about some other ridiculous obesity treatment?
UNK: Like what? Diet pills can cause heart attacks and blood clots.
UNK: Her tox screen was negative. - Wouldn't show over-the-counter weight loss drugs.
UNK: Her mother wouldn't give her diet pills. She thinks her daughter's perfect just the way she is.
House : She's lying.
House : Okay. You two, heparin and warfarin to prevent further clotting.
UNK: And you find those pills.
House : Not diet pills.
UNK: You might wanna broaden the search just a little.
House : And don't just ask the mom.
UNK: If she hasn't mentioned it yet, she's not... If you're gonna fire someone, go ahead and do it.
Foreman : But don't treat us like lab rats, testing how long it takes to get us at one another's throats.
House : - So what should I do? - I don't give a damn what you do.
House : Yes, I had noticed your complete indifference.
House : You don't even offer a medical opinion anymore.
House : - Who would you fire? - Not my call.
House : I want your opinion.
House : Fine, it's you.
House : Either way, you're making a choice.
UNK: Chase.
House : Because he screwed up an angio a month ago? - Anyone can make a mistake.
UNK: Right. So it's the money. You resent it, but you're gonna tell me that he doesn't need the job.
Foreman : He doesn't appreciate the job.
House : He was ready to go three rounds with Cameron for it.
Foreman : He wants the job. He just doesn't appreciate it.
Foreman : There's nothing wrong with just wanting to hang out, but this is not the place to do it.
House : - I'm surprised. - You thought I'd pick Cameron?
House : I didn't think you'd pick at all.
House : Guess he's not the "rise above the fray" guy he'd like us to think he is.
Wilson : You practically forced it out of him.
House : He's scared of losing his job, just like everybody else.
Wilson : I've been thinking. You've made it quite clear that you're miserable here.