UNK: Syndrome "X" could cause a stroke. I don't know about a heart attack.
UNK: - It could, if her blood pressure was high enough. - Which is likely, considering her weight.
House : Fits the symptoms. Me likee. Do a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp.
House : Oh, and one more thing.
UNK: I've been told that I gotta get rid of one of you guys by the end of the week.
House : New sheriff. Belt tightening. You know how it goes.
House : Okay. Carry on.
Foreman : Some kind of game. House's own version of Punk'd.
Cameron : It's not House. It's Vogler.
Cameron : We can't let it get to us. We've gotta stick together. Why?
Cameron : Are you suggesting we start slashing each other's throats?
Chase : I'm suggesting it's a zero-sum game. Your loss is my win. That's not conducive to team play.
Foreman : Which is what House seems to want. Look, I'm with Cameron.
UNK: It may be a bad strategy, but I don't wanna give House that satisfaction.
Foreman : Come on. Sick kid, remember?
Mom : She's diabetic?
Cameron : No, but it's similar.
Cameron : M.S.X. patients don't respond normally to insulin, which causes their body to create too much,
UNK: and that leads to metabolic abnormalities.
Cameron : We're going to do a test to be sure, but there are certain dangers.
Mom : Is this... thing treatable?
Cameron : It's controllable through proper diet and exercise.
Mom : Wait. Jessica already eats right, and she exercises every day.
Cameron : I know you've already seen several nutritionists...
UNK: And we've done everything they've recommended. - I understand, but...
Mom : Why can't any of you doctors see past her weight?
Mom : If diet and exercise are the treatment, then the diagnosis is wrong.
Cameron : It might be. But the only way we'll know is if you let us do this test.
Lucille : It's really bad, especially at night. It's like my heart is on fire. Like it's, um...
Lucille : Oh, I don't know. Like, uh...
UNK: Burning? Exactly.
House : Hmm, sounds almost like... heartburn.
Lucille : So, can you give me somethin'? Like a thesaurus?
UNK: What? I take it you never mentioned this during any of your prenatal visits.
UNK: Prenatal?
Lucille : I'm not pregnant.
House : Sorry, you don't get to make that call unless you have a stethoscope. Union rules.
Lucille : I know when I'm pregnant, all right? I have six kids.
Lucille : That's why my husband had a vasectomy, and we use condoms.
House : Vasectomies can reverse themselves. Condoms break.
UNK: Okay. This... is what a woman is supposed to look like.
Lucille : Okay? We're not just skin and bones.
Lucille : We have... flesh. We have... curves.
House : You have little people inside you.
Jessica : Okay, okay.
House : I'm sorry. I guess I must have just been brainwashed by the media...
House : and all those years of medical training.
UNK: Damn right. - I'll see if I can find some antacids while the nurse gets some blood.
Lucille : Blood? Why?
House : The heartburn. Gotta make sure it's not... spreading.
Jessica : I don't want to.
Chase : The test involves some pretty precise measurements.
Chase : If we don't know exactly how much you weigh, we won't get the right answers.
UNK: Let me tell you a secret. When I was your age, I was heavy too.
UNK: Were you over a hundred?
UNK: Way over. Kids in my neighborhood used to call me "Rerun".
UNK: Rerun? He was a heavy guy from TV. I... I used to pretend I liked it, but I didn't.
Jessica : How come you're not heavy anymore?
Foreman : Ninth grade, grew five inches. Everything kind of evened out.
Jessica : You think that'll happen to me? Well, yeah.
Foreman : Your mom's tall, and you are a little short for your age. Probably spring right up.
Chase : Obesity isn't something you just grow out of.
UNK: I take it you've never seen a baby? She's not a baby. She's 10.
Foreman : And you figure making her feel like crap would do her a world of good?
UNK: Yeah, if it gets her off the couch. - I'm sure she's already under enough pressure.