UNK: Jessica!
UNK: Mr. Conroy : Oh, my God. Hey, go to the office. Get Miss Parsons. Now!
UNK: I'm on the playground at Finley Elementary. One of my students is havin' a heart attack.
UNK: Yeah, she's 10. Don't you think I know that? Just send the damn ambulance.
UNK: Mr. Conroy : Come on. Wake up. Come on, sweetie.
UNK: Dr. Bender, call extension 2870.
UNK: You ever seen an infected pierced scrotum?
Cuddy : Um, no, but I know a few people on whom I'd like to see it happen. We need to talk.
House : Well, if pain's what you're after, the penis is really the way to go.
House : - I'd recommend the apadravya. - We're not talking.
UNK: Oh. It sounded like we were.
Cuddy : No, you're attempting to avoid talking because you know what I wanna talk about.
UNK: Nipples? You need to get rid of one of your people.
House : Absolutely. As soon as I do performance reviews.
House : And then review the reviews, ofcourse.
House : A decision like this can't be made without proper, you know, review.
House : Shouldn't take longer than a month, maybe two.
House : Four at the most, unless it gets complicated.
UNK: There's no way outta this.
UNK: You might as well get it over with as fast as you can, like ripping off a Band-Aid.
House : Only instead of a two-cent piece of tape and gauze, it's a human being.
Cuddy : - Like you care. - Like you don't.
Cuddy : You have a week. Get it done.
Cameron : We have a referral from Dr. Lenkiewicz.
House : - Don't know him. - He knows you.
House : - What's the problem? - Heart attack.
House : - Definitely don't know him. - The patient's 10.
UNK: Ten-year-olds do not have heart attacks. It's gotta be a mistake.
UNK: Right. Simplest explanation is she's a 40-year-old lying about her age.
House : Maybe an actress trying to hang on. I meant maybe the tests were wrong.
Cameron : That's what the E.R. thought. Three C.K.-M.B.'s were positive.
Cameron : The E.K.G. shows classic signs of S. T. elevation. It's a heart attack.
Chase : She's morbidly obese. The "morbid" part of that raises alarms.
Foreman : Come on. It takes decades to eat your way into a heart attack.
Chase : Doesn't take decades to kill yourself. If I was that fat, I'd be pretty tempted to knock back a bottle of pills.
Cameron : It's not a drug overdose. The fatigue, muscle pain and difficulty concentrating have been bothering her for over a year.
UNK: That's because of her weight, her depression.
House : That's what five pediatricians, two nutritionists and a psychologist said.
House : The heart attack would seem to indicate that they missed something.
UNK: - It's gotta be something genetic. - What about metabolic syndrome "X"?
Chase : Insulin resistance?