Thirteen : Children who've been through trauma can't think clearly.
Thirteen : Children who've been through trauma and are dying...
House : Guess I'm the only one who cares about patient rights.
Thirteen : What she wants could kill her, what she needs could save her.
Foreman : Our job is to find out what's killing patients, not treat them for chronic idiocy.
Thirteen : Idiocy is what's killing her.
House : And since we can't cure that, I'm going home.
Thirteen : We could save this patient, but all you care about is getting your answer.
House : Your point being?
Thirteen : Taub and Kutner can check the donor banks. I'm gonna find her parents.
Cameron : Can't see why you're surprised.
Cameron : You push against House, he's going to push back.
Foreman : Against me, I get, but his ego's killing my patient.
Cameron : You liked this case because he wasn't looming over you,
Cameron : the decisions were yours.
Cameron : Only difference now is he decided not to loom.
Cameron : Doesn't change the fact that your patient's dying.
Foreman : What are we missing? What's not in the file?
UNK: The mother. Overburdened, at the end of her rope.
Chase : Makes her kid sick, so someone else will take care of him,
Chase : sympathize with her.
Cameron : Munchausen by proxy?
UNK: She brought him to the clinic, was with him when he went into cardiac arrest.
Foreman : The brother would have noticed, said something.
Foreman : Evan's even more protective than she is.
Chase : Then maybe it's the brother.
Cameron : He's eight. Could be jealous.
Foreman : He's the opposite of jealous. He includes Jonah in everything he does.
Foreman : Makes sure he eats, brushes his teeth...
UNK: You think we gave him an idea?
Cameron : Either that or he's off to kill House.
Thirteen : Mr. Valez? Yeah?
Thirteen : I'm Dr. Remy Hadley from Princeton-Plainsboro Hospital.
Thirteen : We're treating your daughter, Sophia, for leukemia
Thirteen : and we need to test both you and your wife for bone marrow donation.
Maria : I'm sorry, you said you're from Princeton-Plainsboro?
Thirteen : I know this is unexpected, but time is short and...
Melinda : What's going on? This doctor says you have leukemia.
Girl : I don't have leukemia.
Thirteen : Sophia Valez? Yeah?
Thirteen : Sophia Isabel Valez? Yeah.
Girl : Do you know something I don't?
Thirteen : Just that liars lie.
Thirteen : You stole her identity.
Sophia : To protect myself.
Sophia : So they can't find me.
Thirteen : We can protect you, but we need to find your parents.
UNK: Why?
Sophia : You have my blood, you don't need my name to find a donor.
Thirteen : You're a minor, you, obviously, forged the emancipation papers.
Thirteen : Even if we had a donor, we'd still need your parents' consent to treat you.
Sophia : Can't you just pretend you didn't go to that house,
House : that you didn't find that girl?
Thirteen : Calling your parents doesn't mean a family reunion.
Thirteen : You don't even have to see them.
Sophia : When I get sick enough, it'll be an emergency.
Sophia : You'll have to give me a transplant, even without consent.
Melinda : An iron overdose?
Foreman : From his vitamins.
Foreman : If I'm right, we can treat him tonight. He'll be back to his old self in the morning.
Taub : But they're children's vitamins, I only give him one.
Sophia : I know.
Evan : I thought more would make him strong.
Evan : I didn't mean to make him sick.
Foreman : He's gonna be okay.
Evan : He's gonna hate me.
Foreman : That's the great thing about brothers.
Foreman : You can make mistakes, and they'll still love you.
Kutner : Donor list turned up a partial match.