Sophia : Where's Dr. Kutner?
Thirteen : There's four of us, it's my turn.
Sophia : I'm sorry I lied about my parents.
Thirteen : You did what you thought you had to do to protect yourself.
Foreman : If we're right, we should see a change in your lungs pretty fast.
Foreman : Then we can figure out how to manage your stress.
Thirteen : It might help to turn him in, file a police report. Get closure.
Sophia : Won't help.
Thirteen : Not addressing what happened won't make it go away.
Sophia : Yeah? What do I have to do to make it go away?
Thirteen : I didn't mean that. I just mean that you...
Sophia : I addressed it. I got away from him.
Sophia : Reporting it just labels me "girl raped by dad."
Thirteen : It doesn't have to define you.
Sophia : It's how you see me.
UNK: It's why you're treating me with tranquillizers.
UNK: Not any more.
Foreman : Stress wouldn't change your urine color.
Taub : Labs show the brown urine was caused by shredded red cells.
House : So, what messes with her lungs, her mental status,
House : and runs her blood through a wood chipper?
Kutner : Factory lunch rooms aren't the cleanest places.
Taub : Could have picked up E. Coli.
Thirteen : Or Shigella, from the restroom.
Thirteen : Either would account for the red cells, the delirium.
Foreman : But not the original lung symptoms. Legionnaire's could and cause delirium.
Kutner : No, her sodium's normal.
UNK: What did her furniture look like?
UNK: You said it was homemade. Old boxes, what?
Thirteen : It was wood, nailed together.
House : The wood have little dents or holes?
Taub : I didn't see any on the bookshelves, but they were painted.
Thirteen : The desk did. Looked like she'd stapled stuff all over it.
House : Holes means that it was pressure treated.
House : Sawing or burning it releases arsenic into the air and into her lungs.
Foreman : Tests didn't show...
House : 'Cause it found a cloak of invisibility hiding...
Foreman : Arsenic gets absorbed in the internal organs so it doesn't show up on the blood test.
Foreman : Test her hair. If it's positive, chelate it out of her blood.
Foreman : You paged me with negative test results?
Chase : Yes, because it means we're done.
Chase : Since we still don't know what's wrong,
Chase : this kid has a real problem.
Chase : Talk to House? Not his case.
Chase : There's a point when Cameron and I aren't enough.
Foreman : We're not there.
Foreman : We need to run some more tests.
Melinda : A week ago, he was a happy little boy, playing with his brother,
Melinda : and now he can barely lift his head.
Foreman : We'll figure this out. I just need...
Evan : Mom. Help.
Foreman : We need a crash cart.
Melinda : What's going on? He's in cardiac arrest.
UNK: Get them out of here.