UNK: "No" you don't or "No" you don't don't.
Wilson : Whichever one means no.
House : Is this some kind of a reverse... No.
UNK: House?
UNK: Sixteen-year-old girl with fluid in her lungs.
Kutner : No previous trauma, lung or cardiac issues.
Kutner : Gram stain was negative, no bacteria, no pneumonia.
Taub : She's a factory worker, means she probably works close to a lot of recent immigrants.
House : Thank God some of those offshore sweatshop jobs are coming back to America.
Kutner : She's an emancipated minor.
House : In a factory?
House : Either an Olympic gymnast who busted her leg,
House : a child star who blew all her sequel money on drugs,
House : or she's just a lying runaway.
Kutner : Her parents died last year. No relatives.
Kutner : To avoid foster care, she got a GED and got emancipated.
Taub : Could have picked up a parasite from a co-worker.
Foreman : She'd be having GI problems. Pregnancy's more likely.
Foreman : Sparks a fluid overload, hits the lungs, causes the pulmonary edema.
Kutner : Her history says she's not sexually active.
Foreman : And our history says she could be lying.
Kutner : But not every teenager is having sex.
Foreman : But every teenager is stupid.
Foreman : Teenagers on their own are stupider.
Kutner : The girl's holding down a job, makes her rent.
House : On the one hand, Kutner's right,
House : maybe she's a sweet young thing who's not a screw-up lying through her teeth.
House : On the two hand, pregnancy test only takes five minutes,
House : and we no longer kill rabbits,
House : so, in conclusion, shut up, do the test. What else?
Thirteen : Drugs could damage the heart.
Thirteen : Pressure imbalance allows fluid to build up in the lungs.
Kutner : Tox screen's clean.
Thirteen : For drugs used recently, not for drugs used before recently.
UNK: Sixteen doesn't automatically mean a risky lifestyle.
House : Didn't we just have this conversation?
House : Kutner trusts her, someone else doesn't. So, in conclusion, shut up,
House : check her home and work for toxins or drugs.
House : Kutner and Foreman, do an echo,
House : find the extent of the heart damage.
Foreman : Kutner can do the echo on his own.
House : Yes, but he'll be very lonely,
House : so I have to ask why.
Foreman : I've been asked to help run a clinical trial.
Foreman : That okay with you?
House : Good for your career, great for your street cred. What's in it for me?
Foreman : You have four doctors and never more than one case.
Foreman : Means I have time to work on other things,
UNK: and they all have more chances to step up, stand on their own.
UNK: And if there is an emergency with Annie,
House : should she wait until you finish grooming lab rats?
Foreman : If there's a problem with Sophia,
Foreman : or any other patient, you know I'll be there.
UNK: Your patient is my priority.
UNK: No.
UNK: What? You want a reason?
House : Clinical trials take time, your time is my time.