Sophia : I told you, I don't do drugs.
Kutner : Still a good idea to check your heart.
Kutner : Something else could've damaged it.
Kutner : You find it hard, being all on your own?
Kutner : Having to do everything without...
Sophia : Drugs to ease my pain?
Kutner : That's not... A teenager on her own,
Sophia : I wouldn't trust me either.
Kutner : I meant it must be hard.
Kutner : No one there to back you up.
Sophia : I know you're trying to be nice, but I'm not into the whole pity thing.
Kutner : I was actually doing the "I get it" thing.
Kutner : I lost my parents when I was six.
Kutner : It doesn't go away, but it gets easier. You learn to deal.
Sophia : I still get nervous when there's a knock on the door.
Sophia : Always think it's the state trooper with more bad news.
Kutner : You already got the worst news and survived. That's sort of the upside.
Kutner : Your heart's healthy.
Sophia : Isn't that good news?
Kutner : For your heart, yeah, but it also means we still don't know what's wrong.
UNK: Check book balanced, place spotless,
Taub : looks like she builds her own furniture.
Taub : If you're this grown-up at 16, what happens at 30?
Thirteen : You turn back into a kid, like Kutner.
Taub : Kutner's not that bad.
Thirteen : He needs everything to be nice, wants to see the best in everyone.
Thirteen : Kitchen's clear. Yeah, friendly is a dangerous thing.
Thirteen : There is such a thing as too trusting.
UNK: Corollary is there's such a thing as not trusting enough.
Taub : Too much, you get hurt. Not enough, you don't live.
Thirteen : So, the object in life is to get hurt just the right amount?
Thirteen : Excuse me if I don't go out of my way to take relationship advice from you.
UNK: And trust should be earned.
Kutner : Bong means nothing, drugs are irrelevant.
Thirteen : Relevant if she's taking them.
UNK: Even if she is, irrelevant. Echo showed no heart damage.
House : Would that be the echo that Foreman chose not to run with you
House : after I dashed his new drug discovery dreams?
Foreman : You mad at me because you think Kutner screwed up the echo?
Kutner : I didn't screw up the echo.
Sophia : I know. No structural heart damage.
Taub : So, if it's not the heart... It's the heart.
Taub : Didn't you just say it's not?
House : Not all heart damage has to be structural.
House : Drugs could have caused intermittent tachycardia.
House : Irregular heartbeat would account for the pulmonary edema.
Kutner : Edema was acute, vasculitis makes more sense.
Taub : There's no sign in her blood work,
Taub : and if she had vasculitis, she'd be too weak to work in the factory.
Taub : She builds her own furniture, you think she skips work
Kutner : 'cause she's feeling a little weak? She needs steroids.
House : Steroids could cause an irregular heartbeat,
House : making her current one irregular-er.
House : Foreman, start her on beta-blockers.
House : Rest of you, do anything that isn't starting her on beta-blockers.
Foreman : Start her on the treatment. Page me if you need me.
Kutner : Irregular heartbeat causes blood to back up behind the heart and into the lungs.
Kutner : The beta-blockers keep this from happening.
Sophia : I thought the test showed my heart was fine.
Kutner : It's tricky. An arrhythmia can come and go.
Sophia : So, you don't believe me or the test.
Sophia : You guys are more cynical than I am.
Kutner : We found the bong in your apartment.
Sophia : You went into my apartment?
Kutner : Extended drug use can damage...
Sophia : The bong belongs to my ex. It's why he's ex.
Kutner : That doesn't mean you didn't use it.
UNK: No.
Sophia : You have no reason to trust me.
Sophia : You have to do your treatment.
Kutner : The other possibility is you have vasculitis.
Kutner : The treatment for that is steroids.
Kutner : If you've been using drugs, if they've damaged your heart,
Kutner : and I start you on steroids, they could kill you.
Sophia : I haven't used drugs.
Kutner : I'll get the steroids.
Cuddy : Why are you here?
Foreman : I owe clinic hours. No, you don't.
Foreman : I'm here because House doesn't want me to be here.
Cuddy : I'm guessing he said no to the clinical trials.
Foreman : He didn't need to say no, he just wanted to say no.
Cuddy : House did something solely out of self-interest?
UNK: Freaky.