UNK: "The Kingdom of Heaven is like a treasure hidden in a field,"
Boyd : which when a man finds, he hides, and for joy he goes and sells
UNK: "all he owns and buys that field."
Foreman : Buy all the land you want, don't blow your brains out.
Foreman : You're watching your son kill himself. He's out of his mind with fever...
Boyd : Dad! If your faith is weak, I will fail.
House : I need you.
UNK: I'm sorry, you don't even know what's wrong with him.
Dad : God knows the answer
Dad : and I would rather leave it in his hands than yours.
UNK: Wilson.
UNK: I need you to do your thing.
Wilson : You do know that I don't actually have magical powers.
House : I have faith.
UNK: You're better off trying to slip some antibiotics into a meal.
House : Which antibiotics? We don't know what infection he's got.
Wilson : - Go as broad as you can. - Forget it.
House : Our best hope is your silver tongue.
Wilson : What if it's not an infection?
House : Were you not paying attention when I was doing my murder scene metaphor?
Wilson : What if the tuberous sclerosis is guilty.
UNK: It had the gun in its hands, it was standing over the...
Wilson : Doesn't cause fever.
Wilson : It causes everything else. What if the fever's the innocent bystander?
UNK: The fever could have been set off by something he picked up anywhere.
UNK: It could have been a bug he got here.
House : Or a bug he gave here.
House : He gave it to your patient.
House : That's why her tumor shrank, the virus went after the cancer first.
UNK: Are you saying a virus attacked her tumor?
House : For 200 years, there've been reports of wild viruses that target tumors.
House : Early 1900s, an Italian medical journal wrote up a woman with cervical cancer
House : who was injected with a weak strain of rabies.
UNK: I have no idea why they did that, but her tumor shrank.
Wilson : You think he gave her rabies?
House : One of the virus types most prone to go after cancer cells is herpes.
Wilson : Herpes encephalitis.
Wilson : It would fit.
Wilson : Seizure, low sodium, even the blurred vision.
Wilson : And it would mean, if you're right, Grace's cancer is coming back.
UNK: You're not gonna be able to convince them.
Wilson : They don't want any more tests, they don't wanna...
House : They can't argue with the mark of Cain.
Boyd : I'm not going to change my mind. No more tests. God knows the way.
House : OK, let's start with the shirt.
Boyd : What are you doing? What are you doing?
House : I'm on a mission from God.
House : If you won't let me undress you, then strip.
Dad : What's he doing? What's going on?
House : That woman you helped? You gave her a virus.
UNK: No, she's healed, I have a gift.
UNK: A gift is jewelry, socks.
House : What you have is herpes encephalitis.
UNK: And the only way you could've transmitted it
House : is by scratching one of your own sores and touching another person.
Dad : That's something you get from sex, right?
House : Either that or cold sores. Your kid got it from the sex.
UNK: No, no. No sores. No, my body's clean.
Boyd : They examined me when I came in!
Boyd : - No sores. - Herpes hides.
UNK: You have an outbreak, it goes away, it comes back, goes away. Strip!
House : Maybe you didn't have a sore when you came in, but you've got one now.
Boyd : Dad, I've never, ever...
UNK: Do you wonder why a perfect child of God should feel so desperate
UNK: to "purify his body" that he needed to scarf down
House : a dozen gallons of water a day?
Dad : Boyd, is he right?
Boyd : Dad! No, he's crazy! Help me! Dr Wilson, help!