Dad : He said that God said it was OK, he was fine.
Dad : Could you talk to him?
Wilson : Tell them my name isn't Wilson.
House : Most people in your situation just have their careers to worry about.
House : You've got that and divine retribution.
House : Tell them.
House : Tell me how it happened, and I'll tell them whatever you want.
Wilson : She'd had a bad day, pain-wise.
Wilson : Her ride didn't show up to take her home.
House : - So, you offered? - Yeah.
Wilson : She didn't have any groceries, she was too sick to go out,
Wilson : I figured I could afford to take a half hour
Wilson : and pick her up a few things...
House : - Stay and make sure she's OK. - Yeah.
House : And never leave.
House : You told me you got an apartment.
House : But you moved in with her. You lied to me.
House : Tell them.
House : His name is not Wilson and he's screwed up worse than I am.
Wilson : OK. Yes, I lied to you.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
House : Half the doctors who specialize in oncology turn into burned-out cases.
House : But you, you eat neediness.
Wilson : Lucky for you.
Wilson : Thanks for the game, guys. I don't think I'll be coming back.
House : You're a functional vampire.
House : Sure, you're heroic, useful to society,
House : but only because it feeds you.
House : There's nothing worth stealing, so don't even look.
House : You don't just have a fetish for needy people, you marry them!
Wilson : - Here we go. - You mean it!
House : And then time passes, and suddenly they're not so needy any more.
House : Your fault. You've been there for them too much.
House : They're getting healthy, independent and that's just ugly.
House : God, you must be pissed at God right now, making her all happy.
Wilson : - Why are you doing this? - Because you're being stupid.
House : You know what you're risking by sleeping with a patient.
Wilson : Oh, that's crap.
Wilson : You're not mad because I'm risking my job.
Wilson : You're not even mad cos I lied to you.
Wilson : You're mad because I lied to you and you couldn't tell.
House : - Yeah. You got me nailed. - Yeah.
Wilson : That's why you didn't want me in your poker game.
Wilson : Because when it comes to being in control,
Wilson : Gregory House leaves our faith-healer kid in the dust
Wilson : and that's why religious belief annoys you.
Wilson : Because if the universe operates by abstract rules,
Wilson : you can learn them and you can protect yourself.
Wilson : If a supreme being exists, he can squash you any time he wants.
House : He knows where I am.
UNK: I think it's yours.
UNK: Yeah.
House : I'll be right there.
House : Jesus is spiking a fever. He's delusional.
Chase : Tuberous sclerosis doesn't cause fever.
House : I know.
Wilson : I'll drive.
House : Pick any random guy off the street, bring him in here,
UNK: examine him exhaustively, you will find at least three things wrong with him.
House : This kid has tuberous sclerosis, a mild case.
Cameron : But his tumors are growing.
House : We assumed that the tumors were growing, cos he's getting sicker.
House : But he could have grown old and died and never known about them
House : if he hadn't come here.
UNK: We were looking for something, it's more or less in the right part of the brain.
House : It's like we found someone standing over a dead body holding a gun,
House : we arrested them, didn't look any further.
House : Sometimes people really do just stumble into a murder scene.
Foreman : His fever's 103 and rising.
UNK: If we don't do anything, he's gonna be chatting with God
Foreman : face-to-face real soon.