UNK: Why don't you let her have her vacation?
Wilson : Oh, that's great. And when vacation's over?
UNK: When she crash-lands from all this denial?
Wilson : She was dealing with her illness.
Wilson : Now her expectations are rising.
Wilson : And you're not the one who has to be there when all that false hope
Wilson : gets yanked out from under her.
House : Don't you guys have anything to do?
Chase : How long have you been healing people?
Boyd : You believe that's what I'm doing?
Chase : I'd like to.
Boyd : But you don't.
Boyd : Why do you always do things you don't want to do?
UNK: It's OK, I don't expect a real answer.
Foreman : God would probably want you to take the stick out of your butt
Foreman : and get over this.
Cameron : If there is some higher order running the universe,
Cameron : it's probably so different from anything our species can conceive,
Cameron : there's no point in even thinking about it.
Cameron : But I doubt it gives a damn about my butt.
Foreman : So you believe God might exist, but you don't think about it?
Foreman : It's the most important issue...
Cameron : I think penguins might as well speculate about nuclear physics.
Cameron : - Why are we having this conversation? - What? I'm curious.
Cameron : You cannot tell someone they are your colleague and not a friend,
Cameron : and then casually chat about the afterlife.
Boyd : You actually keep score?
House : Your MRI results aren't done yet.
House : Go back to your room. No singing.
Boyd : Well, you would get a point for figuring why the low sodium.
Boyd : What are my guy's points for?
House : Your trick about the spat between Dr Cameron and Dr Foreman
House : apparently impressed someone.
Boyd : And the second point?
Boyd : Do you think it could be because I healed Grace?
Boyd : She's been back to see me, I like her.
House : You like messing with people. That's why you're here now.
House : Maybe you think that your batteries are powered by God, maybe you don't.
House : Either way, you enjoy what you do.
Boyd : Yes, I like helping people.
Boyd : I get a rush when I see the look on their faces when they realize
Boyd : their burdens are gone.
House : But you make sure you're in the next state
House : by the time the endorphins wear off and the arthritis comes back.
Boyd : That doesn't happen.
House : Oh, you do extensive follow-up studies?
Boyd : God told me.
UNK: You see, that's not fair. We were having fun.
House : It's hard to keep sniping rationally
House : when you throw a bomb like that in there.
Boyd : He spoke with me about you, too.
House : Forgive my enemies?
House : Never date a Taurus when Mercury is in retrograde?
UNK: Yeah, I learned that one myself, the hard way.
Boyd : God says you look for excuses to be alone.
House : See, that is exactly the kind of brilliance that sounds deep,
House : but you could say it about any person who doesn't pine for the social approval
House : of everyone he meets, which you were cleverly able to deduce about me
House : by not being a moron.
House : Next time, tell God to be more specific.
UNK: God wants you to invite Dr Wilson to your poker game.
House : Don't talk to my patient.
Wilson : What are you talking about?
House : You get all huffy when my patient stumbles into yours in the hallway,
House : but you got no qualms about chatting my guy up.
Wilson : This is fun, it's like Password. Keep talking.
Wilson : I'll jump in when I get a clue what the hell you're talking about.
House : God knows about my poker game.
Wilson : You think I told him?
House : Either that or I start going to church every Sunday.
House : That would mess with my bowling league.
Wilson : Aside from yelling at him to get back to his room,
UNK: I've never spoken to your patient.
Chase : MRI shows an abnormal area.
Chase : Tuberous sclerosis.
Foreman : - It's the right neighborhood. - Accounts for all the symptoms.
House : - All of them. - Leading cortical tuber's identifiable.
Foreman : - We can do this surgically. - Tell our patient, "Congratulations."
House : Soon his chats with God will be a thing of the past.