UNK: You know, I'd get it if people were just looking for a way to fill the holes.
House : But they want the holes, they wanna live in the holes
House : and they go nuts when someone else pours dirt in their holes.
House : Climb out of your holes, people!
Boyd : Go tell it on the mountain.
UNK: Over the hills and everywhere.
Boyd : Go tell it on the mountain.
Boyd : That Jesus Christ is born.
Boyd : Go tell it on the mountain.
UNK: Over the hills and everywhere.
Boyd : Go tell it on the mountain.
Boyd : That Jesus Christ is born
UNK: Boyd, are you all right?
UNK: Boyd.
Chase : Come on, let's go. Can you tell me your name?
Chase : Do you know where you are? Boyd?
UNK: Boyd?
Boyd : God doesn't want you to be afraid.
Boyd : He sent me here to heal you.
Boyd : You think he hasn't heard your prayers, but he heard them all,
Boyd : even the ones you didn't say.
UNK: I'm sorry, Boyd, come on, let's get you back to your room.
Boyd : - In faith, all things are possible. - Let's go.
Boyd : Lord, I call on you to relieve the suffering of your daughter...
UNK: Grace? And make her whole again.
UNK: Hey, hey! What are you doing? What is this?
Chase : He's just had a complex partial seizure. He's disoriented.
Chase : - He doesn't know what he's doing. - Well, get him back to his room. Now.
Wilson : You OK?
Cameron : Are we certain he even had a seizure?
Cameron : Him singing and healing, he does it all the time, doesn't he?
House : Isn't it interesting
House : that religious behavior is so close to being crazy,
House : we can't tell them apart.
Chase : The repetition, the lack of affect and awareness. It was a seizure.
Cameron : - Infection? - No fever.
Cameron : Could be Wilson's or maybe it's a glycogen storage disease.
Foreman : - Or a brain tumor. - Or tuberous sclerosis.
UNK: Hmm.
House : How to settle this?
House : We could ask our patient to ask God or we could MRI his brain.
UNK: Which way do you wanna go? I'm open to all.
Wilson : - House! - Yes.
UNK: Why the hell do you let an unstable patient wander the hallways?
House : His leash broke.
Wilson : The last thing a terminal patient needs
Wilson : is to hear somebody taunt them with a cure.
Wilson : She was freaked, she was angry.
House : And now she's not freaked and angry and you are.
Wilson : She says she's feeling better.
UNK: Maybe not singing and dancing, but she's feeling a little bit happy
Wilson : for the first time in months.
UNK: A sudden drop in pain could create euphoria.