Barney : Stinson back in.
Barney : Say, hypothetically, did want to change who I am
Barney : to become a better boyfriend to Robin, which I do not!
Barney : What kind of changes are we talking about?
Ted : Why, I mean, there's just so much
Ted : you need to know about her.
Ted : Okay, for starters,
Ted : don't ever cry in front her.
Marshall : Okay.
Ted : And whatever you do,
Ted : don't cry in front of her four times.
Robin : Hey, guys.
Robin : What you talking about?
UNK: Barney and Ted : Fantasy football. Fantasy football.
Marshall : They realized they couldn't talk about
Barney : this stuff at the bar, and
Marshall : since you live with Ted,
Marshall : they had to find someplace safe.
Marshall : So... Ted's classroom.
Ted : "How To Date Robin Scherbatsky."
Ted : Lesson one.
Ted : Now, even though she puts up a tough exterior,
Ted : what Robin really wants, deep down...
Barney : I'm bored.
Ted : You said you wanted my help.
Barney : Can we draw boobs on the chalkboard?
Ted : We did that ready.
Barney : No, like, really big boobs.
Ted : No. Look, I need this, too.
Ted : I've only been a professor a few weeks.
Ted : Being up here, it's, it's good practice for me.
Barney : Can we have class outside?
Ted : No! What Robin really wants deep down...
Ted : Barney! What?
Barney : I'm tweeting about you.
Barney : You should be flattered.
Barney : How do you spell blah-blah-blah-- "H's" or no?
Ted : Wow, you were just,
Ted : like, the worst student in the world, weren't you?
Barney : They said I had A-D... something.
Barney : Can we have class outside?
Ted : Barney, I'm only gonna say this once,
Ted : so listen up.
Ted : I love you and I love Robin.
Ted : And I want to make this work.
Ted : So if you give me a few weeks of attention,
Ted : I could give you a lifetime of happiness.
Ted : Can you do that for me?
UNK: Do you think I should get Sports Illustrated
Barney : for 70% off the cover price?
Barney : Can we have class outside?
Barney : I got to find a way to reach this kid.
Lily : "Class number two."
Robin : "Top Ten Robin Scherbatsky
Robin : Facial Expressions And Their Meaning."
Ted : Now, notice the vacant eyes,
Ted : the pale, queasy expression, suggesting nausea.
Ted : What do these mean?
UNK: You guys just had sex? Oh!
Barney : Wasn't me.
Ted : Dude! I worked really hard on these slides, okay?
Ted : Can we just... Okay.
UNK: This look is hunger.
UNK: If you ever see Robin looking like this,
UNK: get some food in her quick,
UNK: Or one of two things will happen.
One : weird, out-of-context laughter
UNK: Or two : spontaneously falling to sleep in strange places.
UNK: But the most important facial expression of all?
Barney : That's a building.
Robin : Oh...
Ted : That's for my class.
UNK: The Flatiron Building.
Ted : Fun story about it.
UNK: It was designed by Chicago's Daniel Burnham
Ted : in the beaux arts style; this architectural gem
UNK: Ted 2030 : Right.
Ted : The most important facial expression of all.
Barney : Whoa...
Ted : Flared nostril ridges.
Ted : Wide, unblinking eyes.
UNK: If you ever,
UNK: ever see this face, Barney,
Barney : run.
UNK: And don't take a picture of it.
UNK: She will punch you.
UNK: And you will cry...
UNK: for the third time...
UNK: that night.
UNK: Which brings us to an important point :
Robin : defusing the bomb.
Robin : "Defusing the bomb"?
Robin : What does that even mean?
Lily : "Three Topics To Distract Robin
Lily : From Being Mad At You."
Robin : "Distract" me? Oh, that is so condescending.
Robin : These guys are really starting to piss me off!
Lily : "Immediately switch the conversation To one of the following,
Lily : "unless you want
Lily : Robin to start throwing her shoes."
UNK: Ted 2030 : One.
Ted : "Vancouver Canucks 2004 Division Title."
Lily : What?!
Robin : That's not distracting.
Robin : That's just talking about the story
Robin : Of a scrappy little underdog team
Robin : that prevailed despite very shaky goal ending
Robin : and, frankly, the declining skills of Trevor Linden.
Two : "Proper Gun Cleaning and Maintenance."
Robin : You have to clean your gun
Robin : My uncle had a filthy old shotgun,
Robin : blew both his thumbs off trying to shoot a beaver.
Robin : You want to distract someone,
Robin : make them watch my uncle try to eat corn on the cob.
Three : "Emperor Penguins."
Robin : Did you know that before intercourse,
Robin : the male and female emperor penguins bow to each other?
Robin : Mr. Penguin.
Robin : Mrs. Penguin.
Robin : Oh, God, silly penguins, acting all fancy.
Robin : What were we talking about?
UNK: Marshall looking out the window : Uh-oh. Looks like we got a taker.
UNK: Marshall looking out the window : Oh, come on, dude.
UNK: Marshall looking out the window : You know you want to