Marshall : I said good-bye to a very dear friend today.
Robin : Dude, it's a barrel!
Ted : Aw! You're giving Mabel away?
Robin : I have so many questions.
Robin : Why would you do this?
Robin : What were you thinking?
Robin : Who the hell is that guy?
Ted : Oh, that's Shin-Ya.
Ted : He's sort of been auditing the class.
Robin : "Auditing"?
Ted : Well, tried to explain to him it wasn't a real class,
Ted : but I don't think he speaks much English.
Barney : On the bright side, he came in handy standing in for you
Barney : during the role-playing exercises.
Robin : Wait. You did role-playing exercises
Robin : where I was played by Shin-Ya?
Ted : You know, I can't believe you, Ted.
Robin : You actually think you're some kind of an expert on me?
UNK: Hey! He is an expert. He's a great teacher!
UNK: Kiss ass.
Robin : You know, half the stuff
Robin : in this notebook is patently wrong.
Ted : Uh, really? Name one wrong thing.
Ted : "Robin Scherbatsky's Surprising Erogenous Zones"?
Robin : Let me clear something up for you, Ted.
Ted : Does lefty like that?
Ted : Oh. Yeah...
Robin : Oh, uh, no.
Robin : Um, the right one's ticklish, I guess.
Robin : But the left one, yeah, I'm glad you're back there.
Robin : Because that is just some sweet, sweet lovin'.
Ted : Noted.
Ted : That was a lie?
Robin : We had just started dating. I was being nice.
Robin : And you.
Ted : You know,
Robin : I got it into my head this week
Robin : that you were cheating on me.
Robin : I even broke open your briefcase to look for evidence.
Barney : That is a huge violation of my privacy!
Lily : Go on.
Robin : You know, in a way, I was right.
Robin : You cheated.
Robin : You can't get some crib sheet on dating me.
Robin : That's not how it works. If we didn't figure out
Robin : how to be with each other in a real, honest way,
Robin : I don't see the point of even trying.
Robin : What do you want?
Robin : Look.
Ted : All that stuff I told Barney...
Ted : It was personal between you and me.
Ted : I'm really sorry.
Robin : I guess I'm impressed by how much you remembered.
Ted : It's funny.
Ted : When you date someone, it's like you're taking one long course
Ted : in who that person is and then, when you break up,
Ted : all that stuff becomes useless.
Ted : It's the emotional equivalent of an English degree.
Ted : I guess I just liked the idea
Ted : of putting all my Robin Scherbatsky knowledge
Ted : to good use, you know?
Robin : Well, since you know me pretty well...
Robin : am I fooling myself with this whole Barney thing?
Robin : I don't know.
Ted : I will say this, though.
Ted : I've seen Barney work Very hard to get women.
Ted : I've seen him work very hard to get rid of women.
Ted : I've never seen him work this hard to keep one around.
Ted : I was going to give him an A.
Ted : Well, B+ -- Shin-Ya kind of screwed up the curve.
Barney : Hey.
Barney : Before you say anything,
Barney : I am done with this stupid Robin 101, okay?
Barney : Here, I'll get rid of the notebook.
UNK: Ted 2030 : But there's...
Barney : there's something that I did want to say to you.
Barney : Robin, I have been with a lot of women--
UNK: blondes, brunettes, redheads;
Barney : big boobs, small boobs, medium boobs;
UNK: some boobs that were big, but kind of in a bad way.
UNK: The point is--
UNK: boobs that pointed in opposite direc--
UNK: ...I'm really scared that you're going to dump me
UNK: and that's why I did this and I'm sorry.
Ted : You're an idiot.
Ted : You know... Hmm?
Robin : That notebook, um, does contain a lot of personal info,
Robin : and I think it has my home address.
UNK: Hmm. And your work address.
Barney : Whoa.
Marsahll : Hey, guys! If you don't want
UNK: Marshall looking out the window : the barrel, can you sit somewhere else?
Marsahll : You're scaring away potential takers.
Ted : Designed by Chicago's Daniel Burnham
Ted : in the beaux arts style,
Ted : this architectural gem was the first of its kind...
Student : Uh, Professor Mosby? Yes, Susan?
Student : That's a woman drinking beer on the toilet.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Right.
Ted : That-That...
Ted : was Daniel Burnham's wife.
Ted : She was a troubled, troubled woman.
Ted : We are moving on.