Robin : Barrel resin? Just go with it.
Robin : So you need a hand throwing it out?
Marshall : No, I'm not...
Marshall : I'm not just going to throw her out, okay?
Marshall : Mabel's like family.
UNK: So, um, what are you going to do with Mabel?
Marshall : I want to give her away, um, to a lucky new owner.
Marshall : Do you know anyone?
Robin : Yeah, hmm, let me think.
Robin : Do I know any rodeo clowns?
Robin : Oh, that's weird, I do.
Robin : But even Lenny wouldn't go near that mess.
Marshall : Well, he's not going to have the chance,
Marshall : because I am putting old Mabel
Marshall : in the Bermuda Triangle.
UNK: "The Bermuda Triangle" was the name we'd given
UNK: years earlier to the curb right in front of our building.
UNK: Whenever we wanted to give something away,
UNK: we'd put it right there.
UNK: It was uncanny.
Marshall : This is so exciting.
Marshall : Right now there's some out there who has no idea
Marshall : that tonight they're going home with just...
Marshall : just the best barrel.
Robin : Well, let's just hope they're not allergic
Robin : to barrel sin like Lily here.
Lily : Be cool, baby. Damn!
Lily : See you, sweetie. Good luck.
Marshall : Bye, babe.
Lily : Now, can we please
Lily : get out of here? Yeah. I'll grab my coat.
Robin : Oops.
Lily : A college notebook?!
UNK: Oh, my God, he's cheating on me
UNK: with some college girl.
UNK: I knew there was a skank
UNK: but I thought she'd at least be dumb.
UNK: "Birthday : July 23.
UNK: the Vancouver Canucks.
Age : 29, but tells people that she's 26."
UNK: Oh, my God, these are notes
Robin : about me.
UNK: Or some 29-year-old version of me.
Marshall : I hope I'm not too late!
Marshall : I want to see the look of joy on the new owner's face!
Marshall : She's still there!
Marshall : Okay Mabel, let's find you a new home.
Marshall : Here comes a guy!
Marshall : And he... he just walked, walked right on by it.
Marshall : He's probably rushing home to get a handcart or something.
Marshall : Yeah! Hey, better hurry up, pal.
Marshall : What are you guys doing
Marshall : with Barney's secret Robin notebook?
Marshall : Let me rephrase that.
Marshall : Did you two ladies lose some weight?
Lily : What do you know about this, Marshall?
Robin : Why would Barney
Robin : have a notebook full of information about me?
Ted : Well...
UNK: The truth was...
UNK: Barney was taking a night school class taught...
UNK: by me.
Ted : Welcome to Robin 101.
Robin : Why is Ted teaching a class about me?
Robin : It all started a few weeks ago.
Barney : ...rather than rolling around
Barney : next to some eyeliner in Robin's purse.
Barney : Stinson out!