Marshall : Well, he doesn't know that, baby! God!
Robin : Ted's only teaching Barney horrible things about me.
Robin : I don't know. Check this out.
Lily : This is actually kind of sweet.
Ted : Now, we all know Robin's not
Ted : what you'd call "touchy-feely."
Ted : She doesn't say, "I love you," like a normal person.
Ted : Instead, she'll laugh, shake her head,
Ted : give you a little smile and say, "You're an idiot."
Barney : "You're an idiot"?
Ted : Yup.
Ted : If she tells you you're an idiot, you're a lucky man.
Ted : And if she does say
Ted : "I love you,"
Ted : she's already broken up with you in her mind.
Lily : I think 's nice that Ted knows you that well.
Robin : Ah, well, too bad it's next to a page entitled...
Ted : "Robin Scherbatsky's Surprising Erogenous Zones."
Ted : Right knee-- ticklish.
Ted : Left knee...
Ted : Does lefty like that?
Ted : Oh, yeah... lefty like that.
Barney : I can't believe I'm taking sexual advice from Ted Mosby.
Barney : That's like taking fashion advice from...
Barney : well, Ted Mosby.
Lily : Oh, here's a good one.
Lily : "Top Five Things Never to Do Around Robin."
Three : "Never, ever
UNK: play the 'Guess Who' game with her."
Barney : What do you mean?
Ted : Guess who?
Ted : It's me! It's me! It's me!
UNK: Number four : "Unless you want to see it 80 times a day,
UNK: for the next month, never show Robin a YouTube clip
UNK: of an animal playing a musical instrument."
Ted : Barney!
Ted : Do you have a problem with this class?
Barney : Yeah, it's boring as hell and I'm not learning anything.
Ted : Uh, well, maybe the problem is your attitude.
Ted : You're not listening to a word I say.
Barney : Uh-huh. Uh, can you hear this, Professor?
Barney : Or should I turn it up for you?
UNK: Ted 2030 : It may not have been a thumbs-up, kids.
Ted : Oh, you think you're not learning anything, huh?
Marshall : Okay.
Ted : Pop quiz.
Barney : What...
Ted : When Robin's PMS-ing, what kind of chocolate should you get her?
Barney : Trick question. Get her butterscotch.
Ted : Correct! Why?
Barney : Butterscotch is to Canadian women
Barney : what chocolate is to American women.
Ted : Correct!
Ted : What is Robin's dream job?
Barney : To become the most successful
Barney : female TV journalist of all time.
Ted : Correct! And if she achieves that, will she truly be happy?
UNK: No! Robin's deep-seated need for attention can traced back
UNK: to her father's emotional distance,
UNK: and no amount of success will ever make up
UNK: for what she truly needs, which is six simple words
UNK: from her Dad : "Robin, I'm proud of you, eh?"
Ted : Yes!
Ted : But I guess you're right.
Ted : You haven't learned anything.
Ted : Sorry to have wasted your time.
Barney : "Oh, Captain! My Captain!"
UNK: How good was Dead Poet's Society?
Barney : I know, right? The end? Tears.
Robin : Okay, can I just say that my deepest need in life
Robin : not to have my father to say, "I am proud of you, eh?"
Robin : I'm not crying.
Lily : Oh, sweetie.
Lily : Can I get you some butterscotch?
Robin : Oh, stop it.
UNK: Wait a second.
UNK: It says here that the class meets at 6 : 15 on Tuesday.
Lily : So? That's right now.
Ted : Now, as you can see, well over 50% of the blankets
Ted : have been dragged onto her side.
Ted : Make no mistake.
Ted : Robin Scherbatsky is a classic, textbook...
Ted : cover hog.
Ted : Any questions?
Robin : Yeah, I have one.