UNK: Kids, your uncle Barney had been called
UNK: a lot of names over the years.
UNK: Girl 1 : Jerk!
UNK: Bastard!
UNK: Girl 3 : Barack Obama Jr?!
Barney : Mm-hmm.
Barney : And yes... we can.
UNK: But there's one name none of us
UNK: ever expected to hear him called.
Robin : Boyfriend. Barney Stinson is my boyfriend.
Robin : I've said it, like, a hundred times
Robin : it still sounds weird to say.
Ted : Well, anything sounds weird if you say it a hundred times.
Ted : Bowl.
Ted : Bowl.
Ted : Bowl.
Lily : But other than that, things are good? Bowl.
Ted : Bowl. I don't know.
Robin : I think Barney's been single for too long. Bowl.
UNK: Like, the other night, I wake up at 4 : 00 a.m.-- Bowl.
Robin : Barney, are you awake?
Robin : Barney?
UNK: Ted 2030 : Barney.
Robin : This is not a one-night stand.
Robin : We're dating. Come back to bed.
Ted : Bowl. That's happened three times.
Ted : Bowl. And it's not just that, it's other things.
Barney : Hey. What's wrong?
Robin : It was just one thing after another
Robin : at work today, and then...
Robin : I found out my aunt's in the hospital.
Robin : I'm just, I'm feeling so overwhelmed and it's just...
Barney : Shh, shh, shh.
Barney : What you need to do is talk through this stuff.
Robin : Oh, thanks.
Barney : And then, once you're off the phone with Lily,
Barney : I'll be down in the bar ready to have sex.
Barney : Mm-kay?
Ted : Bowl.
Robin : Look, I'm not the touchy-feely-est
Robin : person in the world, but...
Robin : a little more effort would be nice.
Ted : Bowl. Bowl. I understand.
UNK: Bowl. I guess, in a lot of ways, Barney doesn't stack up.
Ted : Bowl. Bowl. I mean, you've had some pretty incredible boyfriends.
Ted : Bowl. Bowl. Bowl. Bowl.
Robin : No, that's not it. Bowl.
Robin : I don't know.
Robin : Maybe he just doesn't have it in him.
Robin : Maybe is whole thing's a big mistake.
Ted : Bowl?
Barney : She really said that?
Ted : And she meant it.
Ted : Trust me. I dated
Ted : Robin for a year-- if you don't want to lose her,
Ted : you gotta try a little harder.
Ted : Be more attentive
Ted : to where she is emotionally.
Ted : You know, just be present.
Barney : Yes, totally. Yeah.
Barney : Only thing, and this is just me--
Barney : Mm-hmm.
Barney : I like my testicles attached to my body,
Barney : rather than rolling around
Barney : next to some eyeliner in Robin's purse.
Barney : Stinson out!
UNK: But then a funny thing happened.
UNK: Over the next couple weeks, Barney was thoughtful,
UNK: considerate...
UNK: sweet.
UNK: In short, the perfect boyfriend.
UNK: Which, to Robin, meant only one thing.
Robin : He's cheating on me. What?!
Robin : Why else would he buy me flowers?
Robin : He's gettin' some on the side.
Lily : Oh, come on, Robin.
Lily : Barney's not the type of guy who would... Go on.
Robin : Plus, he keeps saying he's working late.
Robin : But when I call his office, they say he left hours ago.
Lily : Well, that doesn't prove anything.
Robin : Yes. Proof. Go word.
Robin : I'm glad you brought that up.
Robin : Barney's briefcase.
Robin : He forgot it here this morning.
Lily : And what do you plan on doing with it?
Robin : We, we-- you and I--
Robin : are going to open it up and look for evidence.
Robin : Ted probably has a sledgehammer around here somewhere.
UNK: No! Stop!
UNK: Stop! Eye contact.
UNK: Listen to me.
Ted : Robin Scherbatsky is many things :
UNK: friend, confidant,
UNK: occasional guest star in some confusing dreams
UNK: that remind me a woman's sexuality is a moving target.
UNK: But she is no crazy, jealous stalker-bitch.
UNK: Let go.
Marshall : Hey, I've been down in the basement
Marshall : storage area going through all the stuff that
Marshall : Lily and I left behind when we moved out. I'm Robin.
Marshall : We should've cleared it out for you much sooner.
Robin : There's a basement storage area?
Marshall : Oh, you're not upset. Good.
Marshall : Baby, guess what I found.
Lily : Oh, that's great, honey.
Robin : What the hell is that?
Lily : Marshall got it in college.
Lily : He used it as a nightstand for years.
Marshall : Until we found out that Lily was allergic to barrel resin