Foreman : I don't know, but it's definitely not cancer.
Thirteen : Kitchen's clean.
Chase : Bedroom as well.
Chase : Most dangerous thing in his medicine cabinet was dental floss.
Thirteen : It's locked. Key wasn't on his ring.
Chase : You honestly want to go back
Chase : and tell House we didn't check every square inch of this place?
Thirteen : Of course not.
Thirteen : My hero.
Chase : What the hell is this?
Thirteen : Either a secret entrance to Hogwarts
Thirteen : or our knight is a witch.
Chase : Our knight is into some seriously creepy stuff.
Thirteen : He claims it's just sugar water,
Thirteen : but we sent the rest down to the lab for testing.
Wilson : You think he poisoned himself?
Foreman : It's not poison. We would have picked it up in his blood work.
Taub : Not if it collected slowly in his liver
Taub : and it all started leaking into his system at once.
Taub : These tumors that aren't tumors,
Taub : what if they're focal hepatic lesions filled with blood?
Taub : Every time one explodes, it'd be releasing another dose.
Thirteen : Of what?
House : Plumbum nigrum.
Chase : You putting a hex on someone?
Foreman : It's Latin for black lead.
UNK: Our knightlwarlock apparently also dabbles in alchemy.
Chase : Lead poisoning?
Taub : Seizures, paralysis, weak immune system and eventually coma.
House : Biopsy the cysts, you'll find your lead.
UNK: You think we'll make the 7 : 30?
Wilson : I'm sorry. If I don't change, I'm gonna feel like I'm at work all night.
Sam : Yeah, I remember.
Wilson : Is it a problem?
Sam : Not at all.
Sam : In fact, if we hurry...
UNK: We will definitely not make the 7 : 30.
House : Well, there's always the 9 : 40.
Miles : Or not.
Wilson : Shouldn't you be at the hospital?
House : Wouldn't need a team if I did all the work, now, would I?
House : Plus, I had to make you dinner.
Wilson : We have plans.
House : Bet your plans don't taste like this.
UNK: Don't!
Wilson : House, whatever it is that you're up to...
House : I'm trying to be nice.
House : What I did the other night was juvenile. I'm sorry.
UNK: Yeah.
Sam : Souffle was amazing.
House : It's my mom's recipe. Everything else, I got off the web.
Wilson : Here's to the Internet.
House : Where I found the lamb ragu
House : and you two found each other. Again.
Wilson : Well, it wasn't just the Internet.
Sam : Yeah, more like divorce, depression,
Sam : therapy, more therapy, then the Internet.
UNK: Yeah.
House : And here we are.
UNK: Exactly. And here we are.
Wilson : Well, I need to go to the bathroom.
House : I think you're old enough now, but if you'd like me to come along with you...
Wilson : I mean, is it safe to leave the two of you?
Sam : Come on, James, enough already.
House : Yeah, James. I cook in peace.
UNK: Okay. Be right back.
House : You're a cold-hearted bitch who ripped his heart out.
House : I watched him struggle for years to overcome the damage you did,
UNK: and there's no way I'm just gonna let you reel him back in
House : so you can do it all over again.
Sam : And all this?
House : Phase two of getting to know my enemy.
Sam : You're wrong about me.
Sam : But I'm glad now I don't have to pretend I like you,
Sam : except for when James is standing next to me.
UNK: Same here. The only difference is, I'll outlast you.
UNK: And scene.
Wilson : Well, it's too late for the movie.
Wilson : Wanna see what's on TV?
UNK: Absolutely.
Sam : Love to.
Foreman : There wasn't any lead present in his blood work or liver biopsy.
Taub : And his heart rate and BP are getting even more erratic.
Chase : We had to shock it back into rhythm twice during the night.
House : There's only one thing left to do.