Thirteen : House was wrong. This is not environmental.
Foreman : Or we screwed up and missed something at the Renaissance fair.
Thirteen : You think we did?
Foreman : No, but I think House will think we did.
Thirteen : What could we have missed?
Foreman : Fungal infection?
Thirteen : There's nothing in his blood work even remotely suggesting that.
UNK: But it fits the symptoms.
UNK: You want to retest every sample we took for spores?
Thirteen : We'll be here all night.
Foreman : Have you noticed how much pain he's been in lately?
Thirteen : And that's relevant how?
Foreman : Extra pain means extra cranky, means off his game.
Foreman : He's not gonna accept this isn't environmental
Foreman : unless we give him no choice.
Sam : I cannot believe you're from Bloomington.
Wilson : I know. Isn't it amazing?
House : Yeah. Delightful.
Wilson : Ignore him. He's just upset that we're having fun.
Sarah : Do you remember that little bakery,
Sarah : the one with the amazing cupcakes?
UNK: Gino's. Oh, yes!
Sam : First stop every time I go home.
Sarah : Me, too.
UNK: Remember that strip club?
Sarah : Girl, I used to work at that strip club.
Thirteen : Where does it hurt, William?
William : My legs. It feels like they're on fire.
UNK: Rhabdomyolysis means his kidneys are failing.
Foreman : Also means it's not environmental. We need to move on.
Taub : I recommend we start with a full cancer work-up, starting with the...
House : Which one of you checked out the apartment?
UNK: House...
House : His symptoms fit an environmental...
Foreman : The test results don't. We redid...
House : Search the apartment.
Thirteen : He hasn't been there in three weeks.
House : Go! Now!
Chase : I liked him better when he was on Vicodin.
Foreman : You and Thirteen check out his place.
Foreman : While you're wasting your time, we'll ultrasound the liver.
Foreman : If it's cancer, it's as good a place as any to start.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
UNK: Heard House met Sam.
William : The first time he was naked.
Wilson : The second time, he brought a transvestite prostitute to dinner.
UNK: Overall, it could've been worse.
UNK: Great.
Wilson : That's your reaction?
UNK: What?
UNK: Nudity, prostitutes...
Cuddy : Sorry. Preoccupied.
Wilson : House said something to you, didn't he?
UNK: No. He didn't.
Wilson : It is a little crazy, though. I mean, isn't it?
Wilson : I mean, things seem to be going great,
Wilson : but they seemed to be going great 12 years ago.
Wilson : The good things are still good.
Wilson : She's still smart, funny, gets me.
Wilson : And she's less competitive.
Wilson : Either she's changed or I've changed, but either way...
Wilson : Am I out of my mind?
Cuddy : You never know what can happen.
Thirteen : Might as well give it a chance.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Looks like you were right.
Taub : Tumors, dozens of them inside and on the surface.
Foreman : Pull in closer.
Foreman : See that?
William : What is that?