Lucas : Don't do it, whatever you're planning,
Lucas : especially if you're gonna use that thing.
House : It was just sitting in a stone...
UNK: Here. It's gonna cost extra 'cause of the level of detail that you wanted.
House : Anything good? And by good, I, of course, mean bad.
Lucas : Nope. Pretty much your typical life.
Lucas : Married young, got divorced.
Lucas : Married a little less young, got divorced.
Lucas : She's been pretty successful in everything she's done except marriage.
House : Well, there's gotta be something I can use.
Lucas : Maybe. Didn't read her shrink's notes. Didn't seem right.
House : But stealing them did?
Lucas : Whoa! I didn't steal them. I found a way to obtain them.
Sam : Excuse me. I don't mean to interrupt, but you got a minute?
UNK: Sure.
Lucas : Oh, him? Yeah. I was just leaving.
House : Careful, I have a sword.
Sam : I don't agree with what you said,
Sam : but I understand why you said it.
Sam : We were married young. We both made mistakes.
Sam : And, yes, I did make most of them.
Sam : But that was almost a decade ago.
House : I'm sorry, is that the statutory period for soul sucking?
Sam : I'm not asking you to like me, House.
Sam : To be honest, I think you're an ass,
Sam : but we do have one thing in common.
Sam : We care about James.
House : So prove it and dump him. Again.
Sam : You're pretty much insufferable all the time, aren't you?
House : Sorry. Go on. And yes.
UNK: We just reconnected, we have no idea where we're headed.
Sam : But is it really too much to ask that you give us a chance to find out?
Sam : I'm sure I'll be seeing you around.
House : We did it. Well, I did it.
Chase : What exactly did we do?
Foreman : You do?
House : These aren't focal hepatic lesions on his liver.
House : They're peliosis hepatis lesions,
House : which, in combination with an erratic heart rate, usually indicates...
UNK: Endocarditis, an infection on his heart valve.
House : Two major symptoms of anabolic steroid abuse.
Thirteen : No, he wouldn't...
Taub : And the rhabdo makes the third.
House : Our patient's a juicer.
UNK: The ancient poison accelerated the damage of the modern poison.
House : Start treatment. Let the king out of the tower.
Thirteen : How are you feeling?
UNK: Ashamed.
Thirteen : You should be.
Thirteen : You'll compromise your ideals to win a fight,
Thirteen : but not to go for the woman you love.
William : That was a game, not real life.
Sam : I didn't...
Thirteen : Hurt anyone? Try telling that to Shannon.
Thirteen : Or maybe I missed something while she was crying by your bed.
Thirteen : You don't need to win anyone's heart.
Thirteen : You just need to ask for it.
William : Miles is a great guy.
William : He's rich, smart, treats her well.
UNK: She's going to have a great life with him.
Miles : With me?
William : I'd do everything I could for her,
William : but even at my best, it wouldn't be much.
William : And she deserves the best.
William : I guess I'd rather she be happy, even if it means I'm not.
Thirteen : Guess House was right about that, too.
UNK: What?
Thirteen : You really are an idiot.