Sam : If there's any chance that we can pretend this never happened,
Sam : I'd be completely fine with that.
Foreman : An eight-year-old with bleeding ears.
Chase : I'll see your bleeding ears and raise you a total muscular degeneration.
Taub : What the hell?
Thirteen : I had a dream like this once. It didn't end well.
UNK: Huzzah, my loyal peasants.
UNK: House, what are you doing?
House : Filling in for Rabbi Shmuhl at the Goldstein Bris.
House : While I'm busy, you all can check out the knight down in the ER,
House : who instead of seizing the throne, just seized.
Taub : He works at a Renaissance festival?
House : Doesn't work there, he lives there.
UNK: He's part of a wonderful little troupe
House : who spend their weekends re-enacting a nobler age
House : when people crapped in the streets and Thirteen would've been a grandmother.
Thirteen : Weeks, not weekends. Says here he's been camping out for a month.
House : Try doing that with a pen.
Foreman : Why don't you put that down before you kill one of us?
House : Better idea. Why don't you give me something I can use
House : so I won't feel the need to?
Foreman : Seizure right after a fight obviously suggests concussion.
Chase : Obviously it isn't, or the ER wouldn't have called House.
UNK: A full suit of armor would protect against visible trauma,
Taub : but not transmitted concussive force.
Taub : Could be a subdural hematoma.
House : You're forgetting to demonize.
Taub : An evil, satanic subdural hematoma.
House : No, two demon eyes. Hemorrhaging in the sclerae.
Thirteen : Could be an allergic reaction to something from the Renaissance fair.
House : Which is why we need to check out Middle Earth.
House : Foreman, take Frodo and break bread with the Hobbits.
Taub : I still think a hematoma is more likely.
House : That's why you and Chase are gonna get an MRI.
Taub : But you just...
House : I said Frodo, not Gollum.
Thirteen : Is he saying I have short legs or hairy feet?
Chase : I don't even know who Frodo is.
House : Who's the chick, and why are you hiding her?
Wilson : You were home last night?
House : And this morning. I bumped into your babe naked.
Wilson : I told you to stay out of my bathroom.
House : I was in the kitchen.
Wilson : She was naked in the kitchen? I was naked.
UNK: Why were you naked in the kitchen?
UNK: That's not important right now.
House : What is, is why you didn't want me to meet her in the first place.
House : Is she married? No.
UNK: Patient?
Wilson : I don't have time for this.
House : She used to be a man. House!
House : She wants to be a man.
UNK: Sam is a man's name, short for...
UNK: Samantha.
House : The soulless harpy you were married to before we met.
Wilson : People change, House.
UNK: Sure. They get older, their ovaries start drying up
House : and nice guys like you look attractive again.
Wilson : Listen, I know that in your own demented way,
Wilson : you think you're looking out for me. But I have this.
UNK: By "this" you mean a sinking feeling in the pit of the stomach.
House : Fine, I get it.
UNK: It's your life, you go screw it up. I can wait.
Wilson : For what?
House : To tell you, "I told you so."
UNK: No signs of a hematoma. Brain looks completely normal.
Taub : Normal, except for the fact that he likes to play dress-up.
Chase : My uncle used to pretend that he was King Leopold.
William : I'm not pretending.
Chase : Sorry about that.
UNK: But you don't really think you're a knight, do you?
William : Being a knight isn't a game, it's a lifestyle,
William : and we do it every day, not just when we play dress-up.
William : We live by a code, and uphold ideals like loyalty, courage, humility.
Taub : And the part where you beat the crap out of each other in armor?
William : That we do for fun. At least it was up until yesterday.
William : Are we almost done? I'm feeling...
Chase : Let's get him out of there before he aspirates.