Thirteen : Serious bacterial food poisoning explains seizure and vomiting.
Chase : A lumbar puncture could confirm.
House : Except it's not food poisoning.
House : If it was, the ER would look like Camelot right now.
Foreman : All it takes is one bad eyeball.
Thirteen : Or testicle, cow brain, or my personal favorite,
Thirteen : pig rectum with a side order of sphincter.
Taub : I think they call that breakfast in Australia.
House : No one else was sick because they weren't allergic like he was.
UNK: To what? That's what I sent you to Middle Earth
House : to find out.
UNK: Run scratch tests with the samples you brought back.
Chase : That's gonna take time, and he's getting worse.
House : So treat him with epinephrine, too.
Foreman : This should prevent any more symptoms
Foreman : until we can figure out what it is you're allergic to.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I told you, you shouldn't have eaten all that stuff.
William : You know, you don't have to stay.
William : I'm sure you and Miles are crazy busy, what with the wedding and all.
Shannon : Miles said we could postpone it until...
William : Don't worry, I'll be fine. I'll be there. I just hope you have a good photographer.
William : 'Cause I don't think the standard red-eye filter's going to work on these.
Thirteen : I need your right arm.
William : That feels... Feels strange.
Shannon : What is it? What's wrong?
Thirteen : His heart rate's become irregular.
William : My chest hurts. It feels like it's going to explode.
UNK: Tachycardia. We need to shock him back into rhythm.
Shannon : Oh, my God, William...
Thirteen : I need his gown open.
William : What is that? What is that stuff?
Foreman : I don't know.
Foreman : It's definitely not an allergy,
Foreman : or the epi would have helped him, not made him worse.
House : Unless he's allergic and allergic to the cure. Sodium bisulfite,
House : the preservative that keeps epi peppy, can cause tachycardia.
Taub : So can Wolff-Parkinson- White syndrome,
Taub : and it also causes hemorrhaging in the eyes.
Chase : And abnormal electrical pathways in the heart, which could cause seizures.
Foreman : But not skin infections.
Thirteen : There is an infection that can cause skin and neurological damage
Thirteen : and spreads rapidly without treatment.
UNK: Methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus?
House : Lord have MRSA.
Thirteen : You weren't wearing gloves when we shocked his heart back into rhythm.
House : I'm sure you'll be fine. You two, get a sample to the lab to confirm.
House : You get the knight into isolation and on IV antibiotics.
House : You, stay away from me.
House : Need to talk. About the MRSA?
Cuddy : I know. We're... MRSA, shmrsa.
House : Something important.
Cuddy : Something you think is more important than a potentially lethal bacteria
Cuddy : spreading like wildfire through my hospital?
Cuddy : Well, that narrows it down to something personal and stupid.
UNK: Wilson. Theory confirmed.
Cuddy : He is dating his first wife, I know.
House : I don't believe it.
Cuddy : That he didn't ask your permission first?
House : No, that he's actually capable of keeping a secret from me.
Cuddy : Well, you'd be surprised how many things Wilson doesn't tell you.
UNK: Would I? Like how you slept with your father's best friend? Or...