Ryan : Then after the backpack was stolen,
Ryan : Jesse tried to make an all systems not go call.
Ryan : But he didn't get through in time.
Beckett : Do any of the witnesses remember who Jesse was hanging out with?
Esposito : Not yet. But we're still reconstructing his movements
UNK: based on statements from his friends. Oh!
Castle : A Beethoven T-shirt.
Castle : Call and response.
Castle : I know who Jesse's partner is.
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Castle voiceover : just before he stole the backpack.
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Castle : That was actually Jesse Friedman,
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Leann : Roger that.
UNK: Live in three...
Leann : I'm here at Boylan Plaza on Day 36 of the TakeOver! protest.
Castle : Leann West was on the other end of that phone.
Leann : No, I wasn't. I wasn't on the phone with anyone.
Leann : I was talking to my cameraman.
Leann : I already told the FBI the whole story.
Castle : Yeah, except you left out a few details.
Beckett : Like the fact that you knew Jesse Friedman.
Beckett : The two of you went to Hudson University.
Leann : Yeah, so did a lot of people.
Castle : We're guessing the two of you reunited at the protest.
Castle : You went out for drinks. And you hatched a plan.
BECKETT : He wanted media attention for the movement.
Beckett : You wanted to get promoted to the anchor desk.
Castle : So you set up your camera at the perfect vantage point.
Beckett : You waited until you went live, and you detonated that bomb.
Leann : What? That is insane.
Leann : This is ridiculous.
Leann : And I will not listen to another word of it. We're done here.
BECKETT : Do you recognize that?
Beckett : That's the burner cell that you used to call Jesse.
CASTLE : Found it in a storm drain about two blocks from Boylan Plaza.
Castle : You know what else we found in there?
Castle : The remote you used to detonate the bomb.
Beckett : Small enough to hide in the palm of your hand.
Beckett : It's got your fingerprints all over it, Leann.
Leann : How did you find that?
Castle : By tracking your movements after the explosion using your phone's GPS.
Leann : No one was supposed to get hurt.
UNK: It was just gonna make a lot of noise.
Leann : And people would start respecting me as a reporter.
Leann : But everything just went wrong.
UNK: Why didn't you come forward once you realized what you had done?
LEANN : I thought about it. But what good would that do?
Leann : I kept quiet for Jesse.
Leann : I wanted to protect his memory.
Castle : Well, that's what your friend Jesse would call sinning by silence.
Castle : It's not smart. It's not brave.
Castle : It's just cowardly.
GATES : The FBI has taken Leann West into custody.
Gates : This woman, whose blind ambition led to the deaths of five people,
Gates : will get what she deserves.
UNK: I wanna thank each of you for what you did to make this happen.
UNK: You all put in 110%. Made me proud.
Gates : So, let's get out of here, head on home
Gates : and catch up on some much needed rest.
UNK: ALL MURMURING
Martha : You know what, I'm still kind of wired.
UNK: Do you guys wanna go out for a drink?
UNK: Sorry. You know, it feels like a month since I've seen Jenny.
Ryan : I should really get home.
UNK: Me, too. Yeah, I'm tanked. I'll holler at you.
Beckett : So I guess it's just us.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You know, now that the case is done,
Beckett : what did you want to talk about?
Castle : Nothing. Nothing important anyway.
Castle : I'm gonna head home. Good night.
Beckett : Good night.