UNK: I gave the wrong answer?
Beckett : Are you sure this wasn't the person?
Malik : No. It's not him.
UNK: The FBI has got the wrong guy.
Castle : Which means the real bomber is still out there.
UNK: Agent Johnson : If Andrew Haynes didn't plant the bomb,
UNK: Agent Johnson : then why did he email those threats?
UNK: Agent Johnson : Why does his GPS show him fleeing the scene?
Gates : We can't answer that yet. But our witness gave a good description.
Beckett : It was this man.
UNK: Agent Johnson : How do we know this guy's not making this up?
Beckett : Look, the details of the bomb haven't been released to the press yet.
Beckett : So how would our witness know about the blue backpack
Beckett : unless he actually saw it?
UNK: Agent Johnson : All right, you people pursue this. See where it leads.
UNK: Agent Johnson : But Andrew Haynes is still our prime suspect.
UNK: Agent Johnson : At least until you can get me something
UNK: Agent Johnson : more than the word of a street musician.
Gates : Identifying this man, that is now our top priority.
Gates : According to our witness, he was wearing a TakeOver! sweatshirt,
Gates : so he might be part of the movement.
Gates : Show the sketch around, talk to other protesters.
Gates : If he was a regular in Boylan Plaza,
UNK: someone there must know who he is.
Gates : Not you, Mr. Castle.
Gates : I have a special task for you.
UNK: I hear that you're quite the speed reader.
Gates : And in the time that I've known you, you've shown,
Gates : well, on occasion, an exceptional attention to detail.
Castle : That's the first time you've ever paid me a compliment.
Castle : Go on.
Gates : We've conducted over 100 interviews so far.
Gates : And someone needs to review them swiftly,
Gates : looking for information that can help us ID our suspect.
Gates : And I believe you're my best bet.
Castle : I think she's finally starting to like me.
Gates : No, I'm not.
UNK: SOFTLY Wearing her down.
Castle : Good morning. ALEXIS : Morning.
Alexis : Any breaks in the case?
UNK: No. I'm poring over these witness statements,
Castle : looking for clues about our bomber. But so far, nothing.
Alexis : Well, maybe these will bring you some luck.
UNK: These are "emergency cheering up" pancakes.
Castle : I mean, these are usually reserved for after breakups
Castle : What's the occasion?
Alexis : Well, after the other day, I thought we both needed some cheering up.
Castle : You shouldn't need cheering up.
Castle : You shouldn't have even been there.
UNK: You should've been with your friends or at the movies...
Alexis : Dad, I'm 18.
Castle : I know. I know. It's just...
UNK: You're gonna see plenty of reality in your lifetime.
Castle : I just would like you to keep the rose color on your glasses
Castle : for as long as possible.
UNK: But I'm trying not to focus on the ugly side of it, Dad.
Alexis : I've gotten straight A's, awards, more trophies than I can count.
Alexis : This job is the first thing that's made me feel like
Alexis : I'm doing something important. Valuable.
Alexis : I mean, isn't that why you do it?
Castle : You're a pretty smart kid, you know that?
Alexis : Well, they say genius
Alexis : skips a generation.
UNK: Apparently, so does funny.
Alexis : Eat your pancake.
Mark : All right.
RYAN : Beckett.
Castle : What's going on?
UNK: Nothing. I'm just thinking about my next move.
Ryan : I may have it for you. We got a line on this guy.
Beckett : Someone ID'd the sketch?
UNK: Yeah. A protestor named Jenni Klein.
Ryan : Says she knows this guy as Bobby.
Beckett : And there's no last name?
Ryan : No, but this Bobby invited her over once. She knows where he lives.
Esposito : Hey, Bobby.
Esposito : Remove the backpack and place it on the ground, slowly!
Ryan : Then get on your knees!