UNK: get a freaking job, pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
UNK: Hello? Hey, I'm talking to you.
Haynes : Kitten, can you take...
Haynes : What's your problem? You don't like what I have to say?
UNK: Sorry.
Haynes : Can't face the truth?
Beckett : so, you were debating with the protesters until that bomb went off?
Haynes : Yeah, I was trying to give them a reality check.
UNK: I mean, half of them, they don't even know who they're protesting against.
Beckett : Right. And stopping them would actually be
Beckett : a service to this country.
UNK: Yeah, it would be item number one on any true patriot's "To Do" list.
Beckett : And you are a true patriot, aren't you?
Haynes : You're damn right about that.
Beckett : That's why you put that bomb in the Plaza.
Beckett : To defend the country that you love?
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Beckett : We know that you weren't with those protesters. You were down here.
Beckett : Dropping off the bomb and then running for cover.
Haynes : Based on what?
Beckett : We traced your phone. The GPS places you right there.
UNK: You can't prove that was me. I lost my phone yesterday.
UNK: Really? Mmm.
Beckett : Okay, then maybe you can explain this.
Beckett : Threatening emails that you sent from an Internet cafe,
Beckett : promising to continue those bombings until the protests stopped.
Haynes : I'd like to talk to my lawyer.
JOHNSON : White male, antisocial loner, extreme political views.
UNK: Agent Johnson : He's a perfect fit for the profile BSU worked up for us.
UNK: Agent Johnson : We'll continue questioning him downtown.
Gates : Well, according to my people, he's nowhere near confessing.
UNK: Agent Johnson : Well, have them re-interview the witnesses.
UNK: And find us someone who saw Haynes put that backpack down.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You're welcome.
UNK: So we talked to 20 witnesses along Haynes's GPS path.
Esposito : But none of them can positively ID him.
Ryan : With all the confusion, no one's exactly sure what happened.
UNK: Javier Esposito : You guys have any luck?
UNK: Four people remember seeing a guy in a black TakeOver! hoodie
Beckett : but nobody remembers seeing his face.
Esposito : A black hoodie doesn't get us home.
Esposito : Not with half the protesters wearing them.
RYAN : Somebody had to have seen this guy.
UNK: Here's a protestor we haven't spoken to yet. The street drummer.
Castle : After the cameraman rousted him,
Castle : that bridesmaid said he relocated by the coffee truck.
Castle : Which would put him right in Haynes' path.
UNK: Which means he could've seen Haynes's face.
Ryan : Yeah, but we don't know his name,
Ryan : and he's not on our witness list.
UNK: How are we gonna find this guy?
Martha : You know what, he's a street performer.
UNK: He's probably gotten nuisance citations.
Beckett : Which means, if he has, we should be able to ID him.
Malik : I make music. Why do you arrest me?
Beckett : We're not arresting you, Malik.
Beckett : We just need to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about what you saw in Boylan Plaza yesterday afternoon.
Malik : I know nothing about the bomb. I am an innocent man.
Castle : And we believe you.
Beckett : But we think that you might have seen
Beckett : something that'll help us catch the person who did this.
Malik : I don't want trouble.
Beckett : Malik, your visa expired, didn't it? Is that what's worrying you?
Malik : I cannot go back to my country.
Beckett : And I won't make you.
Beckett : I don't care about your immigration status.
Beckett : We just need to know exactly what you saw just before that explosion.
Malik : I will tell you what I can.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Are you saying that you saw the man
Esposito : wearing the TakeOver! sweatshirt
Beckett : put down a blue backpack in front of the lamppost?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Did you get a good look at his face?
NADIA : Damn it!
Castle : You're certain the man you saw leaving the backpack