Beckett : That's your name, right, Bobby?
Beckett : Actually, I know quite a bit about you.
Beckett : I know where you live. I know you don't have a record.
Beckett : I know you're not a member of any political party.
Beckett : And as soon as my team finishes searching your place,
UNK: I'm gonna know even more.
Beckett : Eventually I'll find out. But why don't you just tell me.
Malik : Why did you plant that bomb?
UNK: Hey. No luck with those witness statements. You guys catch a break?
Esposito : Better yet, we caught the suspect.
Castle : And I missed it? Where is he?
Esposito : In the box. With Beckett.
Beckett : Would you like me to refresh your memory?
Beckett : So you admit to having it.
UNK: No. That's not what I meant.
Beckett : You just said that it wasn't yours.
Bobby : Yeah, because you got me all confused...
Beckett : Did you or didn't you have it? It's a simple question.
Bobby : I don't know.
Beckett : Who put you up to this, Bobby? Who gave you that backpack?
UNK: I don't... I don't know. I don't remember!
Beckett : You don't remember. How do you not remember?
Bobby : I was in shock. The bomb went off, everyone was running and screaming.
UNK: It must've been one of those traumatic amnesia things.
UNK: Bobby! Don't lie to me.
Bobby : I'm telling you, it was all a big blank. It was the trauma.
Beckett : It was not the trauma. You don't get to use that excuse.
Bobby : I swear! I don't remember.
Beckett : The hell you don't remember!
Beckett : And I remember every second of it.
Beckett : And so do you.
Castle : All this time.
Castle : You remembered?
UNK: The guy's still not talking?
UNK: SIGHS Not yet. I'm gonna let him sweat for a bit.
Beckett : Was Castle here?
Esposito : Yeah. Earlier. But he said he had to go.
Esposito : Said there was somewhere he needed to be.
Martha : Richard, really? A bomb memorial?
UNK: Come on, honey, isn't this kind of morbid?
Castle : It's how I'm feeling.
Martha : She isn't dead.
Castle : She might as well be.
Castle : I really thought we could have a future together.
Castle : You know, I was willing to wait.
UNK: Came to find out it's all just a big joke.
Castle : She knew.
Castle : This whole time, she remembered and she didn't say anything
Castle : because she was embarrassed because she doesn't feel the same way.
Castle : I'm such a fool.
UNK: Well, come on, let's go home.
Martha : Break out some of the good stuff, okay?
Castle : I'd love to. I got to be getting back.
Martha : Back? Why on Earth would you go back knowing how she feels?
Martha : Knowing that she lied to you?
UNK: No, no, no, no, this isn't about her.
Castle : This is about them.
Castle : You know, it's about doing something real.
Castle : Something that matters.
Castle : I'm not willing to let that go.
Martha : Richard, love is not a switch. You can't just turn it off.
Martha : You can't work side by side with her and not feel anything.
Castle : Watch me.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey, where were you?
Castle : Just clearing my head. Where are we on Bobby?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Uniforms are searching his place.
Beckett : We're hoping to find something that will break him.
ESPOSITO : FBI called with an update.
Esposito : The device used in Boylan Plaza was a pipe bomb.
Esposito : But here's the weird part.
Esposito : It wasn't packed with nails, ball-bearings or anything else.
Beckett : That is weird. Bombers usually add projectiles to maximize damage.
Castle : That's not the only way to maximize damage.
Beckett : So what was it triggered by? A cell phone? Trip wire?
Esposito : A remote. Probably rigged from a garage door opener.
Esposito : But the range on those is only about 100 feet.
Castle : So whoever detonated it was in Boylan Plaza.
UNK: And I bet you will find that garage remote in Bobby's apartment.
Ryan : No such luck.
Ryan : But we did find credit cards.
Ryan : With lots of different names on them.
Lanie : And we found some wallets
Gates : and some cell phones, too.