Beckett : Sir, there are over 300 names on this list.
Beckett : How do you recommend that we proceed?
Gates : We bring in more shifts.
Gates : Someone on that list
Gates : saw the bomb being planted within our 47-second window.
Gates : We find that person, we find the bomber.
Beckett : Thank you for your time.
UNK: Well, that was unhelpful.
Castle : Yeah. I'm starting to sense a pattern.
UNK: This next woman says that she was in the middle of the whole thing.
Corinne : We were right here. It's like the bomb went off right next to us.
UNK: Who's "we"? Me and my sister, Nadia.
Corinne : She's out there right now, waiting. Should I go get her?
Beckett : No. Actually it's better if we just talk one on one.
Beckett : Now, were the two of you participating in the protests?
Corinne : Do I look like I'm in the 99%?
Corinne : No. We'd just left this bridal boutique near the Plaza.
Corinne : Nadia's getting married in June.
Beckett : And did you notice anyone standing near the light post?
Corinne : I don't think so.
UNK: Okay, well, I'm gonna need you to tell us everything that you remember
Beckett : from just before the bombing, starting with where you were.
Corinne : We were at the coffee truck, just trying to figure out our next move.
Corinne : I'm a little shopped out, Nadia.
Corinne : I mean, you tried on 11 dresses.
UNK: They made me look like the Stay Puft Marshmallow.
Nadia : We have to keep looking.
Corinne : Can we look from home? Online?
Nadia : I'm not buying my wedding dress on the Internet.
Corinne : It's just to give us ideas. We need to regroup.
Corinne : You are this close to bridezilla territory.
NADIA : Maybe I'll wear jeans to my wedding.
Nadia : Maybe we can hire that guy as the band.
MAN : That's mine. Give it back!
Corinne : Could you imagine the look on Mom's...
Nadia : Damn it!
Nadia : Watch where you're going! This was my...
Corinne : The force of it knocked us on our asses. Nadia almost got trampled.
Beckett : Wait. Can you go back to the Middle-Eastern man carrying the box?
Castle : And was he headed toward the lamppost?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Do you remember his face well enough to help us with a sketch?
UNK: West Side Wally. Back by popular demand.
UNK: Come on, Kojak, you know I prefer West Side.
UNK: West Side, then.
Esposito : Did you ever see that man in the Plaza?
UNK: Nope, guy's not familiar.
UNK: Westside Wally : Then again, lots of people, lots of faces.
UNK: Westside Wally : Plus, I was over here.
UNK: Westside Wally : That's my usual spot, not by the coffee truck.
UNK: Westside Wally : I don't care for the smell.
UNK: That put you 50 feet away from where the bomb went off.
Esposito : Did you have a clear view of this lamppost?
UNK: Westside Wally : Not really, man.
UNK: Westside Wally : And you know I always try to help Johnny Law.
UNK: Did you notice anything out of the ordinary
Ryan : in the minute before the explosion? Anyone suspicious?
CROWD : CHANTING Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Westside Wally : As a matter of fact, I did.
CROWD : CHANTING Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Espotsito : Stop. Let me understand this.
Espotsito : You saw Beethoven.
Espotsito : The composer who's been dead for 200 years,
Espotsito : in Boylan Plaza this afternoon? Oh, yeah.
UNK: And I bet that half-deaf bastard is behind all this.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT West Side, are you on any medications of any kind?