UNK: Westside Wally : I don't see how that's relevant.
Gates : What do you mean we have no leads? What about the Middle-Eastern man?
Beckett : We interviewed him. He cleared.
Castle : Yeah, that box he was carrying? Full of Chinese takeout.
Castle : Most dangerous thing in there was MSG.
BECKETT : Look, the fact is, is that we interviewed 94 people
Beckett : and we've got nothing to show for it.
Gates : This is not the news I was hoping for.
Gates : Especially since the FBI sent this over.
Gates : It was emailed to two other TakeOver! locations in New York an hour ago.
UNK: "You were warned to stop the protests. You didn't listen.
UNK: "Start listening now. Or today's bombing will be just the beginning."
UNK: He's gonna hit another protest.
Gates : The FBI's keeping this one under wraps,
Gates : but the clock is still ticking here.
Gates : And what you're telling me is that we're no closer to getting this guy
Gates : than we were when the bomb went off?
Beckett : Sir, somebody on this list
Beckett : saw exactly what happened within that 47-second window.
Beckett : But the problem is, that they're mixed in
Beckett : with all of these people that saw absolutely nothing.
Castle : It's like trying to find Waldo in a sea of Waldos.
Gates : I take it you have a proposal to fix that.
Beckett : If the FBI would let us view all video shot in the Plaza,
Beckett : then maybe we can figure out who was closest to the bomb.
Beckett : Start prioritizing the interviews.
Gates : Okay, I'll go down there. Do my best.
Gates : And if that doesn't work, we'll look to Plan B.
Gates : In the meantime, keep working on the list.
Beckett : She doesn't seem very optimistic about getting that footage.
Castle : You know, the witnesses that were closest to the bomb aren't on our list.
Castle : Maybe dead men do tell tales.
LANIE : I just saw a reporter in reception.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Have security get him out of here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I don't want him bothering the victims' families.
Lanie : SIGHS So nice to see a friendly face.
UNK: FBI has been up in mine all night.
Castle : All from the explosion?
LANIE : SIGHING They never had a chance.
Lanie : If you're looking for official cause of death,
Lanie : it's multiple blunt force trauma.
Beckett : Actually, we were wondering if there's anything on the bodies
Beckett : that might lead us to whoever did this.
UNK: Possibly. Meet Jesse Friedman.
Castle : He was the recruiter for the TakeOver! movement.
Lanie : He was also the guy closest to the blast.
Lanie : And we found bits of this embedded all over his skin.
Castle : Blue fabric?
Lanie : Lab ID'd it as canvas.
Lanie : They also found high concentrations of explosive residue on it.
Beckett : The canvas was part of whatever contained the bomb.
Lanie : Looks that way.
Castle : So a duffel or a suitcase.
Beckett : This is a huge break.
Beckett : That means we're looking for someone carrying a blue bag.
Beckett : Let's go update Captain Gates.
Castle : Can you just give me a minute?
Beckett : Yeah. Sure.
Castle : Hey, honey. How are you doing?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Yeah. I just needed a minute.
Castle : You look exhausted. How long have you been here?
Alexis : I'm not sure. It's been so crazy.
Alexis : I've been cataloguing the victims' personal effects.
Beckett : Well, that can't be easy.
UNK: I was fine.
Alexis : Then I saw how one of them had on this bracelet.
UNK: A string with beads, made by a little kid.
UNK: It was like that bracelet I made you for Father's Day when I was six.
Beckett : Do you remember?
UNK: Remember? I still have it.
UNK: Come on. Let's get you home.
Alexis : No, I should stay. There's still work to do.
Castle : And it'll be here tomorrow.
Alexis : Dr. Parish said I had to get all this finished before she...
Castle : Lanie will tell you the same thing.
Castle : Let's get you out of here.
Leann : Hundreds have gathered here and in other cities across the country
UNK: CROWD SCREAMING
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You're welcome.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : So how's our girl doing?
Castle : She's upstairs, in bed, asleep.
Castle : Wish I could keep her in there.
Martha : Honey, do you ever wonder why I never visited you at the precinct
Martha : the first year you were working there?
Castle : I always thought it was because of the harsh lighting.
UNK: LAUGHS
Beckett : Well, that was a consideration.
UNK: No, I thought if I saw you acting like a cop,
Martha : I'd start thinking of you as a cop.
Val : And I just...
Martha : That brought on all manner of nightmares.
Castle : How did you get over it?
Martha : Eventually you realize
UNK: your children are gonna make choices you don't like.
Martha : Just a fact of life.
Castle : Well, if the bombing proves anything,
Castle : it's that bad things can happen no matter what you do.
Martha : Nobody's tomorrow is guaranteed.
UNK: So, how do you plan to act on this realization?
Gates : What do you mean?
Martha : Oh, you know what I mean.
Martha : Richard, how much longer are you gonna drag your heels
Martha : before you tell Beckett how you feel?
Martha : And I mean while she is awake,
Martha : not lying on the ground with a bullet in her chest.
Castle : You don't understand...
UNK: It is complicated. So you say.
Martha : Only it's not.
Martha : It's not.
Martha : Nobody's tomorrows are guaranteed, right?