Ryan : In fact, one of those cell phones belonged to Andrew Haynes.
Beckett : Bobby's a pickpocket.
Bobby : Yeah, I pretty much am.
Beckett : That's why you attended the TakeOver! protests.
UNK: All those people hanging out, full of peace and brotherhood.
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
Haynes : Hey, nimrod. Here, educate yourself.
UNK: Here, educate...
Bobby : You got that right.
Beckett : Why didn't you just tell me the truth from the start?
UNK: And what? Admit to a cop that likes you for murder that I'm a thief?
Bobby : Amnesia seemed like the better plan.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So you lifted Andrew Haynes' phone,
Castle : which is why it looked as if he planted the bomb.
Bobby : Who's Andrew Haynes? BECKETT : Don't worry about that.
Beckett : Talk to me about the backpack. How did you get it?
HAYNES : Hey, you people, you're a virus. You're irresponsible.
UNK: You're infecting this country.
UNK: Hello! Can you hear?
Bobby : I lifted it.
UNK: Jesse Friedman : Hey! Hey, that's mine.
UNK: Give me that. That's mine! Give that back!
UNK: Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! That's my bag.
Jesse : Come back!
UNK: Come back here. Hey, hey you.
CORINNE : You are this close to bridezilla territory.
NADIA : Maybe I'll wear jeans to my wedding.
Nadia : Maybe we can hire that guy as the band.
Nadia : Damn it!
Bobby : I swear I didn't know a bomb was in it.
Bobby : I would never hurt anyone.
Bobby : Look, you got to believe me.
Beckett : The man who said that you took his backpack,
Beckett : is that him?
UNK: Yeah, that's the guy.
CASTLE : Are you sure?
UNK: He's one of the victims.
Beckett : And he's a member of the movement.
Castle : Doesn't make any sense. Why would he attack his own people?
BECKETT : Okay, thank you.
Beckett : So unis searched Jesse Friedman's place.
Beckett : And they found research on how to build the same device
Beckett : that was used in Boylan Plaza.
Castle : So Jesse blew up his own protest? Why would he do that?
UNK: Maybe to get sympathy for his movement? Publicity...
UNK: And since he placed the bomb between two dumpsters...
UNK: He didn't think that anyone would get hurt.
Beckett : Then Bobby stole the backpack.
Castle : If Jesse was worried about someone getting hurt,
Castle : why would he set off the bomb?
Esposito : I don't think he did.
UNK: There was no remote found on or near the body.
Esposito : Which means someone else detonated it.
RYAN : Probably somebody he knew.
UNK: Thirty seconds before the blast,
Ryan : Jesse got a call on his cell from a burner phone.
UNK: Then two seconds before the bomb went off,
Ryan : he tried to call that same phone back.
BECKETT : So, then, maybe Jesse had a partner. And that's who triggered the bomb.