Martha : Wouldn't it be better to tell her even if the timing is wrong
Martha : than never to tell her at all?
Castle : And what if she isn't ready?
Martha : Then she never will be.
Martha : Then you move on.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey! Thanks.
Castle : You got a sec?
Beckett : Yeah, what's up?
Castle : I've been thinking
Castle : about the victims
Castle : and all the opportunities they'll never have.
Castle : And I don't want that to happen.
Alexis : I've been...
RYAN : Beckett,
UNK: we got something.
UNK: It's okay. It can wait till after the case.
UNK: EXHALES
Beckett : Did you get the video from the Plaza?
UNK: Not yet. But what I have here is even better.
Gates : Data from wireless carriers that shows us
UNK: all the GPS-activated cell phones in Boylan Plaza.
RYAN : This is the Plaza yesterday at 4 : 32, right before the explosion.
UNK: Each red dot represents the GPS position of a specific phone.
Beckett : How did you get this?
Gates : I called in a favor from a friend at Homeland Security.
Castle : That is a damn good friend.
BECKETT : So then, if those red dots represent cell phones,
UNK: can we figure out who they belong to?
Gates : That's the whole idea.
Beckett : This shows us who was closest to the bomb. It gives us our witnesses.
GATES : Well, it can even show us where everyone was in real time.
UNK: Advance it to 4 : 32.
Beckett : The dots that disappear, that's the explosion.
Castle : Wait a second. Did you guys see that?
UNK: It was right before the bomb went off.
Castle : Ryan, could you take it back 10 seconds?
Castle : That dot right there.
Castle : Right before the explosion,
Castle : it goes to the blast site,
Castle : waits for a second,
Castle : and then rushes away.
Gates : Play it again.
Beckett : That's the bomber.
UNK: Let me see if we can pull up his ID.
Ryan : Cell phone's registered to an Andrew Haynes.
Gates : Tell me where he is right now.
RYAN : No GPS signal.
Ryan : His battery's either dead or his phone is off.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Haynes sounds familiar.
Beckett : He showed up in the precinct 20 minutes ago for an interview.
Castle : The bomber's in the building?
RYAN : Unis gave him a full-body. No weapons, no explosives.
BECKETT : He still thinks he's here as a witness?
ESPOSITO : We told him the search is routine.
CASTLE : So this is Andrew Haynes.
Castle : What's his story?
Esposito : He has it out for the TakeOver! movement.
Esposito : He's organized counter demonstrations,
UNK: disrupted their rallies.
Beckett : He even handed out flyers
Esposito : saying how they should be stopped by any means necessary.
Ryan : He walks the walk, too.
UNK: He's a suspect in the bombing of some Greenpeace offices a few years back.
BECKETT : Anything turn up at his place?
UNK: Yeah, a smoking gun.
Ryan : Unis found receipts to an Internet cafe where he goes.
UNK: And they traced those email threats
UNK: back to that cafe and Haynes' login ID.
Ryan : He's our guy.
UNK: So then why is he strolling in here, just as cool as can be?
Castle : My guess? He's proud of what he's done.
Castle : Can't wait to tell someone about it.
Beckett : Well, then let's give him the opportunity to do just that.
Beckett : Hi, Mr. Haynes, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: Andrew Haynes : I had to rub elbows with those whiny little troublemakers.
UNK: I was gonna do something drastic.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I wouldn't blame you.
Haynes : A free thinker. I respect that.
Beckett : My personal feelings aside, I still have to investigate this incident.
Haynes : Yeah, you know, you got to dot your I's and cross your T's. I get that.
Beckett : just before the bombing starting with where you were.
UNK: Uh...
Haynes : I was, like, right up here.
Beckett : So that's about 100 feet from the blast site?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And what were you doing there?
UNK: Let's just say, pretty much getting hassled.
Haynes : Hey, nimrod. Here, educate yourself.
Haynes : Here, why don't you give this a read?
Haynes : Hey, Garanimal pants. Quit the pity party,