Leann : on the southeast side of the Boylan Plaza.
Leann : We do not know what caused this or if there are injuries.
UNK: But I can see what appear to be people on the ground, not moving.
UNK: SIRENS WAILING
CASTLE : This is unbelievable.
UNK: Richard Castle : Any idea how many people were killed?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Initial reports say five dead, 28 injured.
Castle : There's Feds everywhere.
BECKETT : Yeah, well, that's normal procedure in the event of a bomb.
Castle : Nothing normal about this.
UNK: Reporter 1 : Detective, do the police know who's behind this?
Leann : Do they think this was a terrorist attack?
Beckett : No comment. You'll have to deal with Press Relations.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: NYPD.
JOHNSON : NYPD's over there.
UNK: FBI's taken jurisdiction of the crime scene.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Come on, Castle.
UNK: Javier Esposito : FBI turned you guys away, too, huh?
Castle : Yeah, they wouldn't let us past the crime scene tape.
Castle : What's going on?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Gates is talking to the Feds.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Trying to get a handle on that.
Beckett : What do we know about the explosion? Who set it off?
Esposito : It probably wasn't a suicide bomber. I got a friend who is a medic.
Esposito : Said there were no explosive vests on any of the bodies.
Ryan : Everything else is just rumor at this point.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Listen up, people.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : We're still piecing together what happened here.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : But what I can tell you,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : FBI and Homeland Security will be taking point on this investigation.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : NYPD will act in a support capacity.
UNK: Our first assignment is to determine if any of the victims were targeted
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : because of their involvement in the protest.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Uniforms are bringing families to the precinct as we speak,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : so let's go hold some hands and do our jobs.
Beckett : one of the victims, Jesse Friedman, worked closely with you.
Lavine : It was more than that. He was a friend.
Lavine : A comrade in arms, you know?
Lavine : Jesse was a recruiter.
Lavine : When attendance dropped a few weeks back,
Lavine : even I thought it was time to pack up.
Lavine : But Jesse just threw my favorite quote back at me.
Lavine : The one about sinning by silence.
Beckett : "To sin by silence, when we should protest,
UNK: "makes cowards of men."
Ryan : but what was your husband's involvement
Ryan : with the TakeOver! movement?
UNK: Val Brookstone : Matt wasn't involved. Neither am I.
Ryan : You're tourists?
Val : so we decided to see what the protest was all about.
UNK: SNIFFLES
Val : Matt and I just bought a house.
Val : What am I gonna do now?
UNK: PEOPLE TALKING SOFTLY
Beckett : You good?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah. It's just this case, you know, it kind of gets to you.
UNK: How did it go with the rest of the families?
Beckett : One victim was the first kid in his family to go to college.
Beckett : And the other was a mother of two.
UNK: So about like you'd expect.
Beckett : No one seems to have been targeted, though.
Castle : So their deaths were random.
Castle : You know, most of our victims, they die for a reason.
Castle : You know, there's a logic behind it.
Castle : It's a twisted logic, at times,
Castle : but at least it makes some kind of sense.
UNK: Yeah, but in this case,
Beckett : these people were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Castle : And their future, and all their plans,
Castle : everything is just gone in a flash.
Beckett : Makes you think about all those things in your own life
Beckett : that you don't want to put off anymore.
ESPOSITO : Yo.
Esposito : Captain's gathering the troops.
Gates : Now that it appears that this attack
Gates : was not directed at any specific individual,
UNK: we've got a new assignment from the FBI.
Gates : We all know where the bomb went off.
UNK: It was here, right next to this lamppost.
Gates : The FBI just recovered this photo from a protester's cell phone.
Gates : It's of the same location, taken 47 seconds
Gates : before the explosion.
Gates : That could only mean one thing.
Gates : The bomb was placed here by someone within our 47-second time period.
UNK: Our task is to interview all witnesses
Gates : who were present at Boylan Plaza.
Gates : We are looking for anyone
Gates : who saw what went on by this lamppost before the blast.