Castle : I don't get it.
Castle : Why would Richie bury a crash test dummy
Castle : in the middle of nowhere?
Castle : And why would Sampson steal it?
Beckett : I don't know, but he probably told us that story
UNK: about Richie dumping a body so that we could lead him straight to it.
UNK: Well, it turns out that dummy is not the only thing that Sampson stole.
Ryan : Unis found Richie's missing client files in his apartment, shredded.
Esposito : This must have something to do with one of Richie's cases.
Ryan : Yeah, but which one?
Beckett : You know, if Sampson won't talk, then maybe the dummy will.
Lanie : You do know I'm a doctor, not a puppeteer.
Beckett : Yes, and as a doctor,
UNK: I was hoping that you could tell us
Beckett : what's so special about this dummy.
Lanie : I'll tell you what's special about it.
Lanie : This dummy has been murdered.
UNK: Murdered?
Lanie : See the holes in its chest?
Castle : They look like little bullet holes.
Lanie : That's basically what they are.
Lanie : As far as I can tell,
Lanie : they were made by small metal pieces
Lanie : projected with significant force.
Beckett : What would explain that?
Lanie : It's hard to say. Lots of people use these dummies.
Lanie : Car companies, the airline industry, the military.
Beckett : So someone could have been testing
Beckett : the effects of an IED or a new firearm.
Castle : I don't think it's a firearm.
Castle : Three holes, three bits of flying metal around the heart.
Castle : Where have we heard that before?
Beckett : Hammer's client. The one Pitbull tried to poach.
Jody : Last thing I remember was that salvage truck hitting the median before me.
Jody : That's when the metal started to fly.
UNK: The paramedic said I was lucky, that I almost died.
UNK: Um, Jody, do you remember this guy?
Jody : Yeah. The Pitbull.
Jody : He wanted to represent me, but I already had a lawyer.
Jody : But then he wouldn't stop asking about the accident,
Jody : like he didn't believe what happened.
Castle : Jody, what kind of car were you driving?
Jody : I'm not sure. It was a rental.
Jody : Why does everyone keep asking that?
Castle : Who's been asking?
Jody : The Pitbull, and the lady who was here yesterday.
Beckett : What lady?
UNK: She said she was from my insurance company.
Jody : When I woke up, she was looking at my chart.
Jody : She asked me about my injuries and wanted to know all about the car.
UNK: Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Castle : The insurance company would have that information
Castle : from the accident report.
Beckett : Yeah, do you think you could describe her to a sketch artist?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay, and, um, one more thing.
UNK: What was the name of the car rental company?
Esposito : According to the rental firm, Jody was driving a Modesto sedan.
Esposito : Now, I couldn't find any safety recalls to explain her injuries,
Esposito : but on a hunch,
Esposito : I checked the cities and dates on that slip of paper that we found.
Esposito : Turns out that each one corresponded to a Modesto car accident
Esposito : where the driver suffered puncture wounds to the chest.
Beckett : Just like Jody Evans and that crash test dummy.
Esposito : Yeah, but in each case,
Esposito : the wounds were attributed to something outside the vehicle.
Esposito : Road debris, even gunshots.
UNK: Given the velocity of the shrapnel,
Beckett : this must be related to a defect in the airbags.
Castle : And judging by the holes in that dummy,
Castle : Modesto was aware of that defect,
Castle : and chose to sweep it under the rug.
Annie : Richie was on to a cover-up.
Esposito : Yeah, one that he might have been a part of.
UNK: I looked into that big-time law firm where Richie used to work
Esposito : five years ago before he became the Pitbull.
Esposito : Guess who their biggest client was?
Beckett : Modesto Motors.
Esposito : Yeah, and Richie handled their account.
Castle : You know, about five years ago,
Castle : Modesto was nearly bankrupt.
Beckett : So rather than spend millions of dollars to fix the problem,
Beckett : they decided that the cost of recall
Beckett : outweighed the potential cost to human life.
Esposito : Looks like Richie's conscience couldn't take it.
Esposito : That problem he had with drinking and drugs?
Esposito : Started just a few months after that first accident.
UNK: That debt Richie told Derek he was settling?
Castle : It was a karmic one.
Beckett : He wanted to make it right, expose the cover-up.
Castle : He needed to prove that Modesto knew about the defect
Castle : even before people started dying.
Castle : That crash test dummy, that was his smoking gun.
Esposito : Which explains the break-in equipment.
Esposito : He needed it to steal the dummy from Modesto.
Beckett : No wonder Richie was paranoid and buried that dummy in the woods.
Beckett : Guys, if the truth about the defect came out,
Beckett : then Modesto would be liable
Beckett : for hundreds of millions of dollars in damages.
Castle : He knew they'd stop at nothing to get it back.
Beckett : Okay, this is a hell of a theory, but with Richie dead,
Beckett : the files all destroyed,
Beckett : and with absolutely no connection between the dummy and Modesto,
Beckett : it's just that. It's a theory.
UNK: Oh, it's more than a theory.
UNK: We just got that sketch back from Jody
Ryan : of the woman who visited her claiming to be from an insurance company.
Ryan : Look familiar?
Esposito : Richie's ex?
Esposito : What the hell does she have to do with any of this?
Ryan : She was recently poached from the law firm
Ryan : that she and Richie worked at.
UNK: She's now lead counsel for Modesto.
Castle : Richie was a threat.
Castle : He knew where the bodies were buried.