UNK: Mike Sampson : Yeah, they're mine.
Beckett : How did you know the victim, Mr. Sampson?
Sampson : Uh, I did work for Richie here and there.
Sampson : Surveillance, information gathering, the usual P.I. stuff.
UNK: He came to me a couple of days ago asking to borrow them.
Beckett : Did he say what he needed them for?
Sampson : Sometimes he would slip me some extra cash not to ask questions.
Castle : Anything else you helped him with?
Sampson : Yeah, he had some questions about alarm schematics.
UNK: Uh, like...
Beckett : Like these?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : What about chloroform, Mr. Sampson? Did you give him that, too?
Sampson : No. He had chloroform?
Beckett : Yeah, why, what's wrong?
Sampson : When I gave him the goggles,
Sampson : I asked if there was anything else he needed.
Sampson : He said something.
Sampson : I thought he was joking.
Castle : What did he say?
UNK: He asked me, "What's the best way to get rid of a body?"
Sampson : Get rid of a body?
Beckett : I'm starting to think that our lawyer
Beckett : for the little guy did abduct someone.
UNK: Yeah, and apparently killed them.
Beckett : Maybe that's what he meant by settling a debt.
Castle : But what was the debt, whom did he kill,
Castle : and how did it cost him his life?
Beckett : We need to check where Ryan and Espo are with that missing persons list.
Beckett : If we can find a connection between Richie and one of the people on the list,
Beckett : that should give us some answers.
Beckett : Where are Ryan and Espo, anyway?
Gates : I think I saw them go into interrogation.
Castle : Who are they interrogating?
Beckett : Hey, is there another suspect that we don't know about? What's going on?
UNK: Officer Tolliver : I'm not supposed to say. Or let anyone in.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey!
Castle : What are they doing?
Beckett : Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Castle : Sprained, my ass. His knee is fine!
Castle : Daft Punk's Get Lucky?
UNK: I'll bet they're changing the lyrics
UNK: to "You're Guilty." Ooh. That's good.
Beckett : Castle, he lied to us
Beckett : just so he could sucker you into a bet, which you fell for!
UNK: He's gonna regret this. Now we have to win.
Castle : With what? Our shower routine?
UNK: Tory Ellis : Hey, guys. Got a sec? I think I've got something.
Tory : I haven't had any luck connecting that list of dates and cities you gave me,
Tory : but when I traced Richie's call to his ex yesterday
Tory : I did find something interesting.
Tory : Turns out it pinged off a cell tower near Croton-on-Hudson.
UNK: It's an hour north of the city.
Castle : What was Richie doing up there?
Ryan : I don't know. But by triangulating
Tory : the signal off of other nearby cell towers
Tory : I was able to dial in a more precise location.
Beckett : Montrose State Forest?
Tory : To be exact, the call came from this parking lot,
UNK: right at a trail head into this large wooded area.
UNK: An out-of-the-way forest, well north of the city.
Castle : Now, is it just me or does that sound like...
Beckett : The perfect place to get rid of a body.
Beckett : You know this is a long shot, right?