Beckett : It's evidence of your cover-up.
Elise : If this dummy was illegally obtained
Elise : from a Modesto storage facility,
Elise : then it is the property of Modesto and we'd like it back.
Beckett : I'm sure you would.
Beckett : Especially considering
Beckett : it could cost your company hundreds of millions of dollars.
Beckett : Which is why you hired this man to retrieve it.
Beckett : We're looking into his financial records right now.
Beckett : It's only a matter of time before we connect him to Modesto.
Elise : You're barking up the wrong tree, Detective.
Elise : Modesto has its own in-house investigators.
Elise : If we wanted to recover this dummy, as you claim,
Elise : why would we entrust such a sensitive task to an outsider?
Elise : But I have seen this man before.
UNK: Where? In front of Saint Simon's Hospital.
Elise : He was sitting in a car, conferring with someone else.
Beckett : Conferring with whom?
Archie : Owed a cash settlement?
Archie : It's Hammer time!
Archie : I'll pound and pound away
UNK: till I've nailed down the cash you've got coming.
Archie : Anyone gets in your way, they'll have to deal with me,
Annie : the Savannah Hammer.
Castle : Is that what happened to Richie Falco?
Castle : He got in your way, so you pounded him till he was dead?
Castle : Excuse me? We're filming...
Archie : Mr. Castle, I will thank you and your ridiculous allegations to wait outside.
Beckett : They're not just allegations, not anymore.
Beckett : Mike Sampson gave you up.
Beckett : A witness placed the two of you together,
Beckett : and Sampson was more than eager to distance himself from the murder.
Castle : But he did admit to breaking into Richie's office
Castle : and hijacking the crash test dummy from us
Castle : because you paid him to.
Archie : I really don't know what you're talking about.
Castle : I think you do.
Castle : You knew Modesto would pay millions to get that dummy back.
Castle : Matter of fact, you were so sure, you promised Mike a cut.
Archie : This is crazy.
Archie : I never paid anyone to steal anything, and I didn't kill the Pitbull.
Archie : I have an alibi.
Beckett : No. Not anymore.
Beckett : Once your alibi found out she was facing accessory to murder charges,
Beckett : she recanted and admitted that you paid her.
Castle : We found the Taser, Hammer.
Castle : In the back of your car, right next to that tire iron.
Beckett : Which you bleached,
Beckett : but you forgot about the droplets of blood residue on the carpet.
Castle : What do you think is gonna happen
Beckett : when we test it against Richie's DNA?
Beckett : It's over.
Castle : You know what I can't figure out is why.
UNK: Why?
Archie : Because he couldn't see that that dummy was a gold mine.
Archie : And all he wanted was justice?
UNK: You're as naive as he was.
Beckett : Let's go, Hammer.
Castle : Yeah. It's slammer time.
Ryan : Hey! Look who decided to show up.
Esposisto : Where were you guys? You missed the competition.
Beckett : Yeah, sorry, you guys.
Beckett : We got held up giving a statement at NTSB.
UNK: Bet you'll be happy to know
Castle : they're launching a full investigation of Modesto Motors.
UNK: Well, looks like Pitbull is gonna get what he wanted,
UNK: justice for all the victims of that defect.
Castle : Yeah. What about you gentlemen?
Castle : Did you get what you wanted at the show?
UNK: Well, um, let's put it this way,
Ryan : we are no longer two-time champs.
Esposito : Three years in a row, baby! Oh, yeah!
UNK: Whoo! That's awesome! Oh, I'm so happy for you guys.
UNK: Yeah, very nice, very nice.
UNK: Congratulations, even though the field of competition was a little light this year.
UNK: Speaking of which, isn't there a certain bet that needs settling?
UNK: Oh, right, the dedication.
Ryan : I guess it's just a matter of how big to make that font size.
UNK: Seriously?
Castle : Come on, guys, we didn't even get a chance to square off.
Ryan : Which is why we're not gonna hold you to it.
Ryan : You're off the hook, Castle.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Thank you, thank you. That's very big of you.
Castle : Especially considering we would have kicked your asses.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Now if you're gonna talk smack,
Esposito : well, then we are gonna settle this.
Esposito : Right here, right now.
UNK: Why don't we just clear all these desks, go head-to-head.
Ryan : Let the precinct decide.
UNK: Um...
Castle : No, you want bragging rights, they're yours.
Castle : Our routine's too good for you anyway.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : That's what I thought. Yeah.
Beckett : Since when do you turn down a challenge?
Castle : Oh, they know we're better. No sense in embarrassing them.
Beckett : You know, don't you?
Beckett : Know what?
Beckett : That's why we got pulled from the lineup.
Beckett : Kimmel's your bud.
Beckett : You must have called him and told him to perform so we wouldn't have to.
Beckett : Or, so that I wouldn't have to.
UNK: I may have overheard you talking to my mother.
Beckett : You did that for me?
Castle : No more of a sacrifice than what you were gonna do for me.
Castle : Kate, why wouldn't you just say something?
Beckett : I didn't want you to think less of me,
Beckett : and I really didn't want anyone else to know, so...
UNK: Stupid.
Castle : No, not stupid. Just human.
Beckett : Aren't you disappointed
UNK: you're not gonna be able to perform for an audience?
UNK: The only audience I care about is you.
UNK: Oh.