Ryan : during Richie's time-of-death window.
Ryan : So he's not our killer.
Castle : Which means Derek might have been telling the truth
Castle : about dropping Richie off at that diner.
Ryan : Yeah. I'll head over there,
Ryan : see if the wait staff remembers
Ryan : Richie talking with anyone last night.
Beckett : It still doesn't explain where he was during the day,
Beckett : why he missed work
Beckett : or blew off that client meeting.
Esposito : I may know someone we can ask.
Beckett : Espo, what happened?
Esposito : I twisted my knee when I was tackling Lightning.
UNK: Are you gonna be okay?
Esposito : Yeah, I'll be fine. I just, uh...
Esposito : I just tweaked it. It's probably a sprain.
Castle : That's too bad. I was looking forward
Castle : to beating you in the talent competition.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : You think this is gonna take me out?
Castle : Yes. Yes, I do.
Esposito : No. It's still on.
UNK: I mean, how? Espo, you can barely walk.
Esposito : Yeah, and even on one leg,
UNK: Ryan and I are still gonna whip your sorry asses.
Esposito : In fact, how about a wager?
UNK: Um, uh, partner, you know maybe we should discuss...
UNK: Uh-uh.
Esposito : If we win, then you will dedicate
Esposito : your next book to "Esposito and Ryan.
UNK: "Two guys who are funnier, handsomer
UNK: "and better than me in every way."
Castle : Oh, you're serious?
Castle : And if Beckett and I win?
Esposito : Well, then Ryan and I will call you "King Castle" for a month.
UNK: Hey, Javi. I mean, it's...
Esposito : What do you say?
UNK: Yeah, you know what? I think Ryan's right.
Beckett : I mean, we don't need to make a bet out of this.
Esposito : Why? Because you're chicken?
Beckett : No, because I am a grown-up.
Esposito : Yeah. A grown-up chicken.
Castle : I will also accept "Your Royal Highness."
Castle : You're on, gimpy!
Esposito : Ooh. That's clever.
Castle : I work with what you give me.
UNK: I'm gonna take you down.
Castle : With what, your crutches?
Beckett : Can we get back to the dead guy?
UNK: You said that you found someone
Beckett : who could tell us why Richie missed work yesterday.
Esposito : Yes. I pulled his phone and financials.
Esposito : There were no charges on his credit card yesterday,
Esposito : but he made a call.
UNK: The only call he made from his cell all day.
Beckett : To whom?
Esposito : Someone he hasn't called in years.
Esposito : His ex-wife, Elise Resner.
UNK: Elise Resner : He said he was in trouble and needed my help.
UNK: Oh. What kind of trouble exactly?
UNK: Detective, you have to understand,
Elise : I hadn't spoken to him in years.
Elise : And then he just calls out of the blue.
Beckett : You never asked.
UNK: I didn't wanna know.
Elise : After everything that happened between us,
Elise : I knew I couldn't get involved again.
Beckett : What happened between the two of you?
Elise : We were at the same corporate firm. It's how we met.
Beckett : Corporate law? How did he end up a personal injury attorney?
Elise : He was a superstar.
Elise : Harvard Law Review, partner track.
Elise : But the pressure got to be too much for him.
Elise : About five years back, he self-destructed.
Elise : Drinking, drugs, losing all of his cases, uh, his job.
Elise : And then finally me.
Esposito : Hey, Beckett, we got a situation.
Annie : I came back from lunch to find the door half open.
Annie : The lock was broken and, well, you can see the rest.
Esposito : Any idea what they were looking for?
Annie : I'm still sorting through the mess,
Annie : but Richie's computer is gone.
Annie : And there's something else. All of his case files are missing.
Castle : Why would anyone want Richie's files?
Esposito : This must have something to do with one of his cases.
Esposito : A client, maybe a witness,
Esposito : someone or something that he was looking into,
Esposito : something he was hiding even from you.
Beckett : Okay, let's canvass the building.
Beckett : See if anyone else saw something.
Beckett : And get CSU down here. Prints, fibers, DNA, the whole thing.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : It's me.
Ryan : Do you remember that meeting that Richie said he had in a diner last night?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, the waitress saw the whole thing.
Ryan : Lot more like a fight.
Ryan : Richie got into a shouting match with another guy.
Beckett : You get a description?
UNK: Uh, better than that.
UNK: The waitress knew exactly who he was.
Ryan : I'll send you a picture.
Annie : That's Archie Bronstein. The Savannah Hammer.
Beckett : Is there any reason that Richie and the Hammer would be fighting?
Annie : They were always stealing clients from each other,
Annie : only Richie was better at it.
UNK: It got to where Hammer was so sick of losing business to him,
UNK: that he promised to put an end to it.
Annie : One way or another.
Beckett : Where can we find him?
UNK: Archie Brostein : Call me, friend.