UNK: "A crime is a wrong arising from the violation of a public duty.
UNK: "A tort is a wrong arising from the violation of a private duty."
UNK: Yes!
Alexis : Okay. I think my brain is crammed to the limit.
Beckett : Well, I think you and your brain are more than ready.
UNK: Richard Castle : Hey, Alexis. Don't you have a mid-term this morning?
Alexis : I'm leaving now.
Alexis : Beckett was just giving me a last-minute review.
UNK: Bye-bye. Bye.
Alexis : Thanks for your help. Yeah.
Castle : Bye. Good luck.
Beckett : You know, she's got an amazing brain.
UNK: I mean, if she wanted to, she'd make an incredible lawyer.
Castle : Yeah, like I don't lose enough arguments to her already.
Castle : What about you? You ever regret it? Not getting your law degree?
Beckett : Um, I'd rather take criminals down than send them up.
UNK: Really? Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Because with your mind, I bet you could have made Chief Justice.
Castle : You have all the qualifications.
Castle : You're smart, you are intimidating,
Castle : and you look very, very good in a robe.
Beckett : Wow. Really? Mmm.
UNK: Care to take a 10-minute recess in my chambers?
UNK: If it please the court, I would.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: I think we're gonna need a continuance.
Castle : Uh, objection.
UNK: Overruled. Beckett.
Castle : Ryan, give it to me.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Sorry, Castle. I'm not telling.
UNK: Well, that's too bad, I already know.
Castle : It's John Legend, All Of Me Cuffed All Of You.
UNK: No. Wait a minute,
Beckett : are you guys talking about the Policemen's Benevolent fundraiser?
Castle : Yeah, the talent competition is on Friday night,
Castle : but he won't tell me what he and Espo are doing.
Beckett : So, how are you guys even gonna top
Beckett : the Dirty Dancing lift scene from last year?
Ryan : Ah. Crime of Our Lives. Classic Espo-Ryan.
UNK: Now rest assured, as two-time champs,
UNK: whatever we do is gonna blow the rest of the field away.
Castle : That's only because not being a cop I'm ineligible.
Castle : But if Beckett and I were competing, you'd be out of a trophy.
Beckett : Oh, yeah. We would so take you down.
UNK: Well, back in reality,
Ryan : our John Doe was found this morning by sanitation workers.
Ryan : No phone, no wallet.
UNK: Cause?
UNK: Blunt-force trauma to the back of the head.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Probably a pipe or a baseball bat.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on lividity,
UNK: I'd say it happened between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m. this morning.
Castle : Any witnesses?
UNK: Javier Esposito : A guy who lives nearby heard screams around 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: He looked out of his window, he saw a car speeding away.
Beckett : He get a make and model?
Esposito : Just tail lights. But he said it looked like a sports car.
UNK: Ryan and I are gonna keep looking for witnesses and street cam footage,
Esposito : but it's an industrial area, so coverage is spotty.
Beckett : Wait a minute. I think I know this guy.
Beckett : He's the personal injury attorney on TV who has the late-night ads.
Lanie : Oh, my God. You're right! That's, uh...
Ryan : The Pitbull.
Ryan : The Pitbull?
UNK: Yeah. Richie "The Pitbull" Falco.
UNK: Come on, man, you've seen the ads.
Castle : A guy's head on a dog's body.
UNK: "You been in an accident? Take the law by the tail."
UNK: "And get a bite at the settlement you deserve!"
UNK: "I'll make the law
UNK: "your bitch." "Your bitch!"
Ryan : Why am I the only one who's never seen this commercial?
Esposito : Because it comes on late at night.
Esposito : And when you're not moonlighting,
UNK: your honeymilk-sipping ass is in bed by 10 : 00.
Castle : Why would anyone wanna kill the Pitbull?
Beckett : Maybe CSU will get lucky and find the murder weapon.
Beckett : Meanwhile let's get the body to the morgue and see what it can tell us.
Beckett : Castle, you and I should go to Pitbull's office,
Beckett : see what we can find there.
UNK: Been in an accident?
UNK: Take the law by the tail and get a bite at the settlement you deserve.
UNK: I'll fight for you, the little guy.
UNK: Because Pitbulls and underdogs stick together.
UNK: Remember, I'll make the law your bitch!
UNK: Well, Richie's clients may be suffering,
UNK: but his business sure wasn't.
Beckett : Yeah, well, there's always gonna be
Beckett : people looking for a quick settlement
Beckett : and plenty of opportunistic bottom-feeders like Richie
Beckett : ready to help them cash in.
Castle : Bet half these people are faking.
Castle : See that guy over there? Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Watch this.
UNK: Excuse me, sir? Could you throw this away for me?
Castle : Sorry, my aim is a little...
UNK: Maybe... He's probably legit.
UNK: Annie Klein : Sorry for the wait, folks. I'm sure Pitbull will be here any minute.
Annie : The way he's been acting the last few days,
Annie : I knew something was wrong.
Beckett : How was he acting?
Annie : Anxious, paranoid.
Annie : Before he'd leave the office, he'd look out the window.
Annie : It's like he thought someone might be watching him.
Annie : And yesterday morning, he called to say that he wasn't coming in at all.
Castle : Was that unusual?
Annie : He never missed a day in the three years I worked for him.
UNK: Do you know what was going on?
Annie : He wouldn't talk about it.
Annie : I asked if it had something to do