Castle : If Richie parked in the lot like Tory said,
Castle : then he would have come down this trail right here.
Castle : And given how unwieldy it is to carry a dead body...
Castle : That's research, not experience.
Castle : Now, then he wouldn't have gone very far before burying it.
Castle : Which means we just have to look for freshly disturbed dirt
UNK: in this, you know, general area.
UNK: Like right here.
UNK: Yeah, like I said, long shot.
Beckett : Just like our chances at winning that competition.
Castle : Oh, don't think like that.
UNK: Come on, I need my partner to have a positive attitude.
Beckett : Well, then maybe you should have checked with your partner
Beckett : before signing her up for this.
Castle : Oh, what's the big deal? It'll be fun.
Beckett : Castle, did you see those knuckleheads?
UNK: I mean, what if I wanna be a captain one day of my own precinct?
UNK: I kind of need people to take me seriously.
Castle : Oh, they do, trust me.
Beckett : And I'd like to keep it that way. Which won't be possible
Beckett : if I'm acting like an idiot in front of the entire police force.
Castle : Okay, how about this?
Castle : We do something simple, dignified, elegant. Something like...
Castle : A patch of Tussilago!
Beckett : I don't know that one.
Castle : No, no, remember Lanie said
UNK: that there was yellow pollen on Richie's pants from a Tussilago flower?
Castle : Check out this little yellow patch right here, about ankle high.
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Richie did bury someone out here.
Castle : Look, about the routine, I know you're worried, but...
Beckett : It's okay, Castle. It doesn't matter what we do.
UNK: Hey, that's the spirit!
UNK: It's gonna be a disaster.
Castle : That's not the spirit.
UNK: I'm probably gonna trip, my dress is gonna split.
UNK: Video's gonna go viral.
Castle : Okay, now you're just sounding paranoid.
Castle : Where is this coming from?
Beckett : I'm just saying, Castle, it could happen.
Beckett : I mean, there's a reason why
UNK: Captain Gates doesn't get up on the stage and have fun.
Castle : I just always assumed it was because she was genetically incapable of it.
UNK: Hey, you want me to cancel?
Richie : No, no.
Beckett : That would just make me lose face in another way.
Beckett : I just hit something.
Castle : That's a body bag.
UNK: Put the bag down and step away from the body.
Castle : I think we may just have dug our own graves.
Castle : I don't hear anything.
UNK: Mmm. Me neither.
Castle : What's he doing?
Beckett : He's gone. What?
UNK: So is the body. He stole the body.
Castle : Why would anyone steal a body?
Beckett : He must be connected to this somehow.
Castle : Maybe he and Richie are partners.
Castle : Maybe they killed that person together.
UNK: Well, they'll be time for questions later.
Beckett : Right now we just have to find a way to saw through these zip-ties
Beckett : before he gets back.
Castle : Yes, well, he took our keys, and our phones, so...
Castle : Oh! Wait a minute.
Castle : As part of my P.I. training I saw a video
Castle : on how to break these zip-tie cuffs.
Castle : All you have to do is just hit them
Castle : as hard as you can against your ass.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: They said it might take a few tries.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: It's not working.
Castle : No, but on the bright side,
Castle : I think we came up with a new move for our dance routine.
UNK: What...