Annie : with one of the cases, and he...
Annie : He said no, and he, uh, told me not to worry,
Annie : and that it would all be over soon.
Castle : Was he having problems with anyone?
UNK: Uh, clients, a girlfriend?
Annie : He didn't have a girlfriend.
UNK: I kept hoping, but...
Annie : Look, I...
Annie : I know what you guys are thinking.
Annie : Personal injury lawyers are gutter rats, right?
Annie : But Richie was different. He really cared.
Annie : He thought the law was there to protect everyone
Annie : and not just corporations who could afford it.
Annie : And his clients, they loved him for it.
Castle : And his adversaries?
Annie : Sure, people he sued got pissed sometimes.
Annie : I mean, he won some big settlements.
Annie : But nothing I can imagine anyone killing for.
UNK: Miss Klein, I need a list of all of his active cases,
Beckett : along with anyone that he's won a judgment against
UNK: over the last few years.
Annie : Of course.
Beckett : So I understand that Mr. Falco lived in Brooklyn.
Annie : Yeah. Park Slope.
Beckett : You know, his body was found in Hamilton Heights.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what he was doing up there last night?
Annie : Saint Simon's is up there.
Castle : The hospital? Yeah.
UNK: Sometimes he would do the rounds at emergency rooms
Annie : to see if anyone needed his services.
Esposito : Got your text. You have something for us?
UNK: Yeah. I know what your victim was doing before he died.
UNK: What? Uh-uh.
Lanie : You first.
UNK: Oh. I get it. She wants us to tell her about our routine.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : You know that we cannot be giving that away, girl.
UNK: You are gonna have to buy a ticket, just like everyone else.
Esposito : Now, what've you got?
Lanie : Fine. Pitbull spent some time in the countryside.
Lanie : You see this sticky yellow powder
Lanie : on Richie's pant leg, about ankle high?
Lanie : Pollen from the Tussilago flower, also known as coltsfoot.
Lanie : It's not found in the city so it didn't happen here.
Lanie : But there's something else,
Lanie : something a lot less fun than frolicking in the flowers.
Esposito : Those are Taser marks.
Beckett : He was tortured?
Esposito : Yeah, Lanie says the injuries he sustained
Esposito : were within an hour of his death.
Castle : So either the killer wanted something from him,
Castle : something Pitbull didn't wanna give up...
Beckett : Or the killer wanted him to suffer.
Esposito : This might have something to do with one of his old cases.
Beckett : Yeah, but nothing jumped out from his client list.
Beckett : It's all slip-and-falls, workman's comp, insurance claims,
Beckett : nothing that would explain torture
Beckett : or a trip outside of the city.
Beckett : So where did he go?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Mr. Castle, a word?
Annie : Of course.
Gates : As you know, the PBA talent competition is this Friday.
Gates : And every year we line up a celebrity to perform.
Esposito : Yeah, to help boost ticket sales.
Esposito : Isn't Kimmel doing it this year?
Gates : He was supposed to,
UNK: but due to a last-second conflict, he just dropped out...
UNK: What?
Gates : ...and I've been told we need a replacement celebrity.
Gates : I've been asked to ask you.
Castle : You want me to perform?
Gates : It would earn us both some much needed goodwill down at 1PP.
Esposito : But what about ticket sales?
Castle : Beckett and I would be happy to.
Beckett : Wait, what?
Castle : On one condition.
UNK: Even though I'm not a cop, we compete for the trophy.
UNK: Done.
Esposito : Oh, Castle. You really don't think
Esposito : you have a shot at winning that trophy.
Castle : Oh, I think I have more than just a shot.
UNK: Castle.
Esposito : You do understand that me and Ryan have been rehearsing for months.
Castle : Well, what Beckett and I have cannot be rehearsed.
Castle : It's chemistry.
UNK: The intuitive bond, each person knowing what the other is thinking.
Beckett : Castle, can we talk for a second over there?
UNK: I knew she was gonna say that.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Don't you think you should have asked me before signing me up for this?
Castle : I thought you were on board.
UNK: Uh, you were trash-talking Ryan about it before.
UNK: Yeah, that's when I thought
UNK: that there was no chance in hell that we would actually do it.
Castle : Oh, relax. We'll just do our routine.
Beckett : We don't have a routine.
Castle : Come on! That thing in the shower? That is delightful.
Beckett : No, that's not a routine.
Beckett : That's two naked people singing when there's no one around to see or hear it.
UNK: So we'll add some dance steps and clothes. It's can't-miss.