Castle : Too soon? Yeah.
UNK: Aah! Yes!
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Sweet.
Castle : He stole the body?
Beckett : Yeah. Send a team up to those woods to comb for trace evidence.
Beckett : And check these zip-ties for DNA.
Ryan : Did you get a look at this guy?
Castle : He was masked, came up behind us,
Castle : kept us facing away from him the whole time.
Beckett : Anything from Missing Persons,
Beckett : anyone in Richie's life that disappeared?
Ryan : Well, we've looked into every disappearance and break-in
Ryan : in the Tri-State area.
Ryan : So far no connection to any one of them and Richie.
Esposito : And I checked with known associates, clients, people he was suing.
Esposito : They're all accounted for.
Beckett : Yeah, well, somebody was in that bag. So let's dig deeper.
UNK: Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Oh. And, uh, you can lose the limp.
Castle : We saw you rehearsing.
Castle : If I might add, it's no I've Had the Crime of My life.
Esposito : Well, it's still good enough to take the both of you down.
UNK: Hey, come on, guys. This isn't really about the competition.
Beckett : It's about doing our best for a good cause, right?
Beckett : It's about the competition.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Bravo! And brava! Wonderful, darlings, just wonderful!
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : And you were worried. See, it's elegant, dignified,
Castle : and above all, a trophy-winning performance.
Castle : Am I right, Mother?
Martha : Well, it will be when I'm done with it.
UNK: I'm gonna just need to tweak a few little things,
Martha : and I do wish you would go for that split.
UNK: Okay, well, I will need you to convince Ginger. I will be right back.
UNK: Wait, where are you going?
UNK: I'm gonna call Esposito. I think it's time we raise the stakes on that bet.
Beckett : What? Castle, wait.
Martha : Oh, darling, don't you worry about him,
Martha : do not worry about that trophy,
Martha : because the only thing that anybody is going to remember
Martha : from the final performance is that you sound like an angel.
Beckett : Except, Martha, I won't.
Martha : Well, of course you will. You just did.
Beckett : No, Martha that's because it was just you and Rick.
Beckett : We weren't in public, in front of strangers.
Martha : Oh, no. Stage fright.
UNK: Well, it's more like song fright.
Beckett : I mean, my heart just starts palpitating,
Beckett : and I start sweating, and my throat just chokes up.
Martha : I know, I know, I know. It's classic, and it's awful.
Martha : And why in the world would Richard sign you up for this?
Beckett : He doesn't know.
Martha : Oh, honey. You have to tell him.
UNK: Oh, I don't wanna let him down. He wants this so badly,
UNK: I wanna give it to him. But I just... I don't know that I can.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I cannot wait to see the looks on their faces
Castle : when they get a load of our routine.
Beckett : Yeah, I can imagine it vividly.
UNK: Oh, trust me, we'll be great.
UNK: If it's gonna be so great, then why don't we up the bet again?
Castle : Well, Esposito, what did you have in mind?
UNK: Sorry, fellows, all bets are off.
Gates : I just heard from 1PP.
Gates : Kimmel rearranged his schedule, and he's back in.
Gates : Oh. So unfortunately we will not be needing your services, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Really? But we rehearsed and everything.
Gates : Out of my hands.
Castle : This isn't over. Well...
Ryan : Hey, guys, we got him. Who?
Ryan : That guy who jacked you for that body in the woods.
Ryan : When CSU went up there, they noticed something in the trees.
Ryan : Cameras triggered by motion sensors to carry out wildlife census.
Ryan : Guess what kind of wildlife we found.
Beckett : Mike Sampson.
Castle : Richie's P.I.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Let me see your hands, now!
Beckett : Where is it, Mike? Where's the body?
Beckett : What's going on? What are you talking about?