UNK: Archie Brostein : Whatever happened to you
UNK: Archie Brostein : is nothing compared to what I'm gonna do to the other guy.
Beckett : Mr. Archie Bronstein?
Annie : The Savannah Hammer.
UNK: No case too small, no settlement too big.
Archie : Now what can I help you with? Slip-and-fall?
Archie : Work injury? Medical malpractice?
Beckett : We're here about the murder of Richie "The Pitbull."
Archie : Sure, I was at that diner last night.
Beckett : Well, this urgent meeting that the two of you had, what was it about?
Archie : I'd hardly call it a meeting.
UNK: I went in to get some pecan pie and I saw him sitting there.
Castle : So the meeting wasn't planned?
Archie : Well, maybe he was planning on meeting somebody else.
Archie : But when I saw him in that booth,
Archie : he was alone, and we got into it.
Beckett : About what?
Archie : The usual. I caught him here last night
Archie : trying to poach one of my clients.
UNK: Well, we had words here and then again at the diner.
Castle : So Richie was paranoid he was being followed, disappears all day,
Castle : says he's in trouble, then comes here to poach a client?
Beckett : Mr. Bronstein, was there a specific reason
Beckett : that he was interested in this client?
UNK: 'Cause he smelled an easy win.
Archie : Poor girl gets three pieces of flying metal in her heart
Archie : when a scrap truck plows into her car.
Archie : Now that is a slam-dunk settlement.
Archie : So you bet when I saw Richie at that diner, we got loud.
Archie : Until the waitress told us to take it outside,
Archie : where I advised him to steer clear of my clients.
Beckett : And what time was that?
UNK: 11 : 45 maybe.
UNK: Look, I didn't kill him, I didn't steal those files,
UNK: but it might be related to his extracurricular activities.
Castle : Uh, what's that mean?
Archie : Richie liked to come off like he was better than all of us
Archie : with his Harvard degree and his champion-of-the-little-guy act,
Archie : but trust me, he was into some things.
Castle : What kind of things?
Archie : Bad things.
Archie : Word on the street was there was nothing he wouldn't do for a price.
Archie : And I mean nothing.
Esposito : Hey. So it looks like Hammer's not our killer.
Esposito : Apparently after he left the diner,
Esposito : he spent the rest of the night "nailing" one of his clients.
Esposito : Anything else turn up missing besides the files and the computer?
Ryan : No, not so far.
Ryan : Here's what I don't get.
Ryan : If all they wanted was files, why'd they turn this place upside down?
Esposito : Must have been looking for something else.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Detectives, you need to see this.
UNK: Csu Tech : We found a false panel in the wall. Take a look.
Esposito : Rope, duct tape,
Esposito : rags, gloves,
UNK: chloroform.
Ryan : Looks like somebody was planning an abduction.
Esposito : Might have went past the planning phase.
UNK: Glow-sticks last, what, 24 to 48 hours once activated?
Ryan : And they're still glowing?
Esposito : Which means he must have used this bag within the last two days.
Ryan : Yeah, but for what?
Ryan : Well, I just got off with CSU.
Ryan : That rag tested positive for chloroform.
UNK: So he must've used it to knock someone out.
Castle : Not very lawyerly of Mr. Pitbull.
UNK: So wire-cutters,
UNK: alarm schematics, night-vision goggles and glow-sticks.
UNK: He was breaking in somewhere. But where?
Beckett : All right, I'll check the blotters
UNK: to see if there were any B and E's in the past two days,
Esposito : see if I can link any of them to Richie's cases.
Beckett : Yeah, and look into missing persons reports.
Beckett : We still can't rule out an abduction.
UNK: Yeah. Hmm.
Esposito : Check this out.
Beckett : Cities and dates.
UNK: "January 3rd, 2009, Seattle.
UNK: "March 18th, 2011, Tulsa..."
Castle : Six of them, all within the last five years. What do you think that means?
UNK: Have Tory run these through the database,
Beckett : see if she can find anything.
Beckett : And let's see if she can trace where Richie was
Beckett : when he made that phone call to his ex.
Esposito : You think any of this is connected to that girl in the hospital?
Beckett : No, that was a straight-up car accident,
Beckett : nothing that speaks to any of this.
Beckett : But someone out there has to know what Richie was up to.
Ryan : Well, maybe we should ask Mr. Sampson.
Beckett : Who's Mr. Sampson?
Ryan : I don't know, but these are his night vision goggles.