Ryan : Uh, guys?
UNK: Give 'em a second, bro. They're rehearsing their chemistry.
Beckett : Ryan, you got something?
Ryan : Yeah. Turns out that Richie was at Saint Simon's last night,
Ryan : and he was not alone.
Ryan : All right, so here is the parking lot behind Saint Simon's.
Ryan : There's Richie.
Ryan : Now watch this.
Esposito : It's a sports car. Like the one seen fleeing the crime scene.
UNK: Yeah, and apparently the driver
Ryan : had some kind of beef with Pitbull.
Ryan : He shoves him in the car and drives off.
Beckett : Can we make out the plate?
Ryan : Yeah, already ran it. It is registered to this guy,
Ryan : Derek Bolt.
UNK: Derek "Lightning" Bolt? The ex-NFL running back?
Castle : What's a former MVP doing with our ambulance-chasing Pitbull?
Ryan : Nothing good. Check out the time-stamp.
UNK: 11 : 00 p.m. Just hours before Richie was killed.
Beckett : Leaving enough time for him to be tortured first.
Esposito : There he is.
Ryan : Derek Bolt?
Esposito : We'd like a word.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Aw, man! Get off me, man!
UNK: Guess what, Bolt? You just got benched.
UNK: Finally.
UNK: Is someone gonna explain to me what I'm doing in here?
Ryan : So I guess you running away from us was,
Ryan : what, exercise, Derek?
UNK: Hey, I didn't know you were cops.
UNK: Look, I got some financial troubles, all right?
UNK: And you two looked like collection agents,
UNK: so my instincts kicked in.
UNK: You can take Lightning out of the NFL,
UNK: but you can't take the NFL out of Lightning, you know?
Beckett : We know all about your financial troubles, Derek.
Ryan : Yeah, we were just reading
Ryan : how you got hit with a lawsuit last year
Ryan : after you busted up some guy outside of a club.
Derek : Hell, yeah. He dented the Bolt-mobile.
Derek : Look, I lost my head, all right?
Derek : But I've left him alone since.
Derek : Lightning don't strike twice.
Beckett : Except you weren't so forgiving
Beckett : of his lawyer, were you?
Derek : Pitbull? What's he got to do with any of this?
Beckett : He won a big settlement against you last year
Beckett : and sent you into bankruptcy.
UNK: So?
Ryan : So, Pitbull's dead, Derek.
UNK: What? And the last time he was seen,
Beckett : he was being shoved into your Bolt-mobile at 11 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Hey, hey, that ain't what it looks like.
Beckett : Really? Because right now it looks like revenge.
Derek : Whoa! Whoa, whoa! I did not kill Pitbull, all right?
UNK: Look, dawg did such a good job against me in court,
Derek : I wanted him on my team.
Derek : So I went and hired his ass.
Beckett : Richie was working for you?
Beckett : Well, then why weren't you on his client list?
Derek : It's a paternity thing, all right?
Derek : My old lady's just about had it with me,
Derek : so he was handling this off the books.
UNK: Okay, but none of that explains
UNK: your little joy ride last night.
Derek : Me and Richie
Derek : were supposed to meet up with my baby momma
Derek : and her lawyer yesterday afternoon.
Derek : Only Richie never showed up.
Derek : And it made me look bad.
Derek : So I invited him into my car for a little conversation.
Derek : He said he was sorry, and that some urgent business matter came up.
Beckett : What kind of business?
Derek : Something about settling a debt.
Derek : He told me he'd handle my thing,
Derek : but he wanted me to take him to some diner for a late-night meet.
Derek : Said someone's life depended on it.
Derek : Guess maybe it was his.
Ryan : So the manager at the 24-hour gym confirms
Ryan : that Derek was working out there