Burke : Thank you.
Burke : The right hemidiaphragm is so high
Burke : that it's completely displacing her lung tissue.
Derek : It's infiltrated her spinal canal in three places.
Derek : We should start there.
Derek : It's going to take 3 or 4 hours to get around those nerves.
Burke : I'd prefer to start in front, and then flip her.
Burke : You never know what vessels are involved.
Burke : I'm going to need a good head start.
UNK: [Derek] If I miss a step, she's paralyzed.
Burke : If I don't relieve the pressure on her lungs, she'll be dead.
Bailey : Do you think she really wants to live?
Bailey : Come on. She's been housebound.
Bailey : She's been living under this thing,
Bailey : just watching it grow for how long? She doesn't seem stupid.
Bailey : Doesn't even seem all that scared.
Bailey : Why would anyone wait this long, unless they wanted to die?
Derek : People do things every day that they know could kill them.
Derek : Doesn't mean they want to die.
Bailey : What are her chances of surviving the surgery?
Burke : Slightly better than if we do nothing.
Bailey : So is it worth it? Hey, come on.
Bailey : You were already thinking it, I'm just saying.
Burke : She's 43. It's worth a try.
UNK: [Door opening]
Derek : Ha!
Bailey : Morning.
UNK: [Woman over PA] Dr. Moretti, 4672. Dr. Moretti, 4672.
Meredith : Dr. Shepherd.
Derek : Mr. Levangie, the Parkinson's patient,
Meredith : a good candidate for DBS?
Derek : Yes, but he's not interested.
Meredith : OK, but I think it's worth talking to him again, pushing him.
Derek : We're talking about a brain surgery
Derek : that is performed while the patient is awake, a risk of paralysis, death.
Derek : The patient doesn't want it. It is not my job to push him into anything,
Derek : and it's definitely not yours.
George : OK...
UNK: You're uncomfortable with my decision. It's best you don't scrub in.
MVO : - But... - It's minor. You won't be missed.
George : You know, they call you the Nazi.
Bailey : So I've heard.
UNK: [Woman over PA] Dr. Conserva, 3742. Dr. Conserva, 3742, stat.
UNK: [Burke] I won't lie to you.
Burke : The surgery is going to be long and difficult,
Burke : but we have an extremely capable surgical team, and I can...
Annie : Am I going to die?
Burke : There's always that risk, but if we don't do the surgery...
Annie : I'll definitely die.
Meredith : Yes.
Annie : Soon?
Meredith : Yes.
Annie : - Mom, the room's clean. - OK, honey, OK.
Annie : - Mom! - She'll have the surgery.
Annie : - Mom! - No. No, Annie.
UNK: Mrs. Connors : She will have the surgery.
Annie : I guess I'll have the surgery.
Burke : I think that is a very wise decision.
Annie : On one condition. I don't want him there.
Alex : I'm sorry, Annie. Did I upset you in some way?
Annie : If he's in the surgery, I'm not having it.
Annie : That's how I live with myself.
UNK: [Burke] OK, Miss Connors.
Bailey : Dr. Karev.
Burke : - What the hell did you do? - Nothing. L-I don't know.
Alex : Man. The mike must have been on.
Burke : If anything goes wrong, anything,
Burke : you are 60 percent more likely to be sued if you've offended the patient.
Alex : I never would have said that.
Alex : The mike shouldn't have been on.
Alex : I didn't realize she could hear me.
Burke : Now you won't realize your chance to scrub in.
Burke : You're banned from the OR. Mine or anyone else's. All week.
Cristina : I got the history on the tumor.
Cristina : It's been growing for a year and a half.
Cristina : It's the first time she's even had it looked at.
Cristina : It's like she's fatally lazy.
UNK: [Sighing]
Alex : Why doesn't she get banned?
Burke : Go prep Annie Connors for surgery.
Burke : You're scrubbing in with Cristina.
George : Really? I mean, thank you. OK.
George : We just need to recheck your labs and get an EKG,
George : so I just need to take a little blood.
George : Dr. Burke is great, and Dr. Bailey.