Cristina : If they pull this off, I'm totally calling Oprah.
Bailey : You two been working out?
UNK: Sometimes I jog,
George : and I try to take the stairs whenever possible.
UNK: [Cristina] Why?
Bailey : See that large pile of tumor?
Bailey : You're going to be retracting it for the next 14 hours,
Bailey : so I'm just saying I hope you have strong backs.
Meredith : Dr. Shepherd.
Derek : Yes?
Meredith : Mr. Levangie has agreed to DBS.
Meredith : If we do it today.
Meredith : If he leaves, he won't come back.
Burke : Don't worry, Dr. Shepherd.
Burke : It'll take hours before we get around to the spine.
Burke : - I'll page you. - All right, then.
Derek : Let's do it.
Alex : Dr. Bailey.
Meredith : I didn't know...
Meredith : ...that he was my boss, when I met him. I didn't know.
Bailey : - I don't care. - Really?
Meredith : Oh, well, you sort of seemed to not be talking to me, so I...
Bailey : You see this, what's happening right here?
Bailey : This is the problem with you sleeping with my boss.
Bailey : Not whether or not you knew him before,
Bailey : but how it affects my day.
Bailey : And me standing here talking to you
UNK: about your sex life affects my day.
Bailey : And the longer this little fling goes on,
Bailey : the more favors you get over the others,
Bailey : who are fighting tooth and nail just to make it
Bailey : through this program without any assistance.
Bailey : When those people start finding out what's going on
Bailey : and they don't want to work with you
Bailey : and talk to you or look at you,
Bailey : and they start bitching and moaning at me,
Bailey : the more it affects my day.
Bailey : So, no, Dr. Grey,
UNK: I don't care what you knew, or when you knew it.
Bailey : Are we understood?
Meredith : - Yes. - Good.
UNK: [Alex] This sucks.
Izzie : I'm not a real fan of yours, either.
Alex : Not you. This. Everyone is scrubbed in somewhere.
Izzie : Bright side, we have the run of the floor.
Alex : Want to do it in the stairwell?
Alex : I'm just saying you never know what could happen.
UNK: [Vomiting]
Alex : I'm changing.
Burke : I'll page you if I need you.
Alex : You do that.
Izzie : You are so my favorite person today.
UNK: - [machine beeping] - [Doctors chattering]
UNK: Begin more suction.
Nurse : We need to hang another bag of O-neg.
Burke : Cauterizing the small bleeders to keep my visual field clean.
George : God, is your back killing you?
Cristina : George, shut up. We're in here.
UNK: [Man] Hold it right there.
Izzie : Mrs. Harper, let me show you these chest films.
Izzie : We were able to relieve the obstruction of his chest tube,
Izzie : so the buildup of fluid you see should resolve itself soon.
Izzie : Which translates as he should be home in no time.
UNK: Mrs. Harper : He was making waffles.
Izzie : I'm sorry?
UNK: Mrs. Harper : He was making waffles.
UNK: He was mixing the batter, and...
Burke : and then, he was on the floor.
Nurse : Izzie, we need a central line run in 204.
Izzie : - Page Dr. Karev, will you? - He's not answering.
UNK: [Sighs] I'm so sorry. I'll be back.
UNK: [Pager beeping]