Alex : Good morning, Annie. How are you?
Alex : This is Dr. Bailey, and these are my fellow interns.
Bailey : Dr. Karev, we refer to patients as "mister"...
Annie : I told him to call me "Annie."
Annie : "Miss Connors" makes me feel old and fat,
Annie : which I am, but why feel that way?
UNK: [Burke] Good morning.
Alex : Annie, this is Dr. Burke. [Whispering] Awesome surgeon.
Bailey : Dr. Karev.
Alex : Annie Connors is a 43-year-old woman who presented last night
Alex : with progressive shortness of breath the past three months.
Alex : Found to have a very large tumor
Alex : of unknown origin pressed against her diaphragm.
Alex : Stable vital signs.
Alex : Scheduled for CT this morning, sir.
Burke : Thank you, Dr. Karev. Are you at all claustrophobic?
UNK: [Annie] I've been housebound for the last year.
Annie : How claustrophobic could I be?
UNK: [Burke] All right. Dr. Stevens is going to take you up for a CT.
Burke : It'll give us a better look at the tumor,
Burke : - and we'll know how to proceed. - Could someone tell my mom?
Annie : She'll worry if she gets back, and I'm not here.
Burke : Yeah, of course. Of course.
Annie : And would it be possible for Alex to take me instead?
Annie : I mean, he...
Annie : He's just so fun to look at.
UNK: [Chuckling] Annie.
UNK: [Burke] Sure. Sure, Ms. Connors.
Burke : Excuse me.
UNK: [Izzie] How much do you think it weighs?
UNK: [George] 60 pounds.
Izzie : More. She's carrying a whole extra person.
Cristina : This one's going in the books. I've got to get in.
Izzie : I almost did. Have you ever seen Alex like that?
Izzie : He actually seemed sincere.
Meredith : "Seemed" being the operative word.
Alex : He was on call when she came in.
Alex : I am never leaving this place again.
Bailey : Let's move, people.
Bailey : Ms. Connor's surgery, should we choose to proceed,
Bailey : will take most, if not all, of the surgeons off the floor,
Bailey : which means you people
Bailey : will have to work extra hard not to kill anyone,
UNK: 'cause we won't be there to fix your mistakes.
UNK: [Man] Dr. Burke.
UNK: [Woman over PA] Trauma team to OR one. Trauma team to OR one.
Cristina : I really want in on this.
Burke : I thought we weren't talking.
Cristina : I'm not talking. I'm just saying.
UNK: [Sighing]
Burke : Find her mother, get a family history,
Burke : and I'll tell Bailey.
UNK: [Izzie] Mr. Harper had a coronary bypass yesterday.
Izzie : His blood pressure, currently 100l65.
Izzie : It was running low overnight down to 70l30,
Izzie : but responded to medication.
Izzie : Postoperative labs show a crit of 30 and normal coagulation.
Izzie : Chest-tube output has halted over the last two hours.
UNK: [Bailey] What's your plan?
Izzie : Chest x-ray and check the tube for possible occlusion.
UNK: Good. He's doing fine.
UNK: [Exhaling] Thank you.
George : I know you think I like Meredith, but I don't like Meredith.
Meredith : What?
George : No. I like Meredith. Obviously, I like Meredith.
UNK: I just... I just don't have a thing for her.
George : OK.
George : It's just this morning...
George : I know you were probably just teasing,
George : But I don't want you to say anything to her.
George : We live together, and that'd be awkward.
Izzie : - George, stop talking. - OK, then.
UNK: [Elevator bell dinging]
UNK: 'Morning.
Derek : Mr. Levangie, this is Dr. Bailey
Derek : and her fine staff of surgical interns.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : Welcome to hell, kids.
UNK: [Groaning]
Bailey : Who's presenting?
George : Edward Levangie is a 63-year-old man admitted
George : for pain management for Dyskinesia.
George : He's been stable since last night,
George : and responding to the bolus injections.
UNK: - [Burke] Izzie, treatments? - [Izzie] For Parkinson's disease?
Izzie : Deep brain stimulation has...
Derek : Not for Parkinson's, for spinal pain.
Izzie : Oh, um...