George : How do I know that for sure,
George : if I don't ever ask?
Annie : Seriously?
Annie : You're equating your pathetic love life with my record-breaking tumor?
Annie : Seriously?
UNK: [- The Ditty Bops : Walk or Ride]
Meredith : It's just that he blatantly favors me in front of her
Meredith : and then blatantly dismisses me.
Cristina : How do you know he was favoring you?
Cristina : Look, you've got a brain. You got into this program.
UNK: Shepherd munching your cookies
Cristina : doesn't mean you didn't deserve what you worked for.
Meredith : But he's making me look bad.
Meredith : I have to end it.
Meredith : - Right. - It's over.
Alex : Is it true you get to scrub in on that tumor?
Cristina : - Don't sit here. - You get to scrub in?
Izzie : How psyched are you?
Cristina : On a scale of one to ecstatic, ecstatic.
Alex : I think Burke wants to get into your scrubs.
Cristina : Why are you sitting here?
Alex : He kicked me off that surgery for the same crap you pull every day.
Cristina : If I stuck this fork into his thigh, would I get in trouble?
Meredith : Not if you make it look like an accident.
Meredith : - Hey. - Hi!
Alex : Thank God, man. I'm drowning in estrogen here.
UNK: You look... Is everything OK?
Meredith : Shepherd's a jackass.
Izzie : Really? I think he's kind of great.
Cristina : He reamed her out in front of Bailey.
UNK: - [Izzie] Why? - 'Cause he's a jackass.
Cristina : - Oh. - [Tray clattering]
UNK: Well, bad days are... bad.
UNK: [George] Maybe tonight, uh, if, you know,
George : if you drink alcohol, I mean, we could
George : all of us, I mean, go out and drink alcohol...
George : Because of the bad day.
UNK: [Pager beeping]
Meredith : I got to go.
Alex : Dude.
Cristina : Shut up.
UNK: [Laughs]
Derek : How's your back?
UNK: Mr. Levangie : - Still good. - Good. How are you?
Derek : Can you lean forward for me? I want to check something.
Derek : - Does that feel OK? - Yeah.
Derek : - Right here? - Did you page?
Derek : Mr. Levangie, have you given any more thought
Derek : about the other surgical options we discussed this morning?
Meredith : What?
UNK: Mr. Levangie : Why would I? I already told you no.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : I'm letting you cut into my back,
UNK: Mr. Levangie : But that's not enough for you.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : All you guys ever want to do is cut.
UNK: Ms. Levangie : Dad, just listen to what he has to say.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : I already listened.
Derek : Sir, there's a very small window of opportunity here.
Derek : Once the Parkinson's progresses to a point of dementia,
Derek : you're no longer a candidate for DBS.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : And when I'm no longer a candidate,
UNK: Mr. Levangie : is that when you people will leave me the hell alone!
Meredith : What?
UNK: Mr. Levangie : Do I have to start drooling, and forget my name
UNK: Mr. Levangie : to get a little peace and quiet?
Burke : All right. I'll check back with you later.
Derek : Try to get some rest.
UNK: Ms. Levangie : Dad, you're being unreasonable.
UNK: Ms. Levangie : The doctors are only trying to help you.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : It's my damn life, and it's my damn brain.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : You want me to let them cut up my brain
UNK: while I'm lying here awake, for what?
UNK: Ms. Levangie : - Dad! - I'll be at your wedding.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : I will sit in the back.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : Your uncle will walk you down the aisle.