Alex : Is that O-negative for OR 1?
Nurse : Uh-huh, OR 1.
Alex : OR 1, right? I got it! I got it!
Derek : Some suction, please, in here, now.
UNK: - [flatlining] - We're losing her now.
UNK: Look at this. Come on.
UNK: [Flatlining continues]
UNK: Oh, come on! Come on!
UNK: [Grunting]
UNK: Come on!
UNK: [Panting]
UNK: [Monitor switches off]
UNK: Time of death is 11 : 42.
Alex : I got it!
UNK: [- Butterfly Boucher : Never Leave Your Heart Alone]
UNK: [Meredith] The early bird catches the worm.
UNK: A stitch in time saves nine.
UNK: Mr. Levangie : Messy.
UNK: Ms. Levangie : I'm sorry.
Burke : Don't be. You saved his life.
UNK: [Meredith] He who hesitates is lost.
UNK: We can't pretend we haven't been told.
UNK: We've all heard the proverbs,
UNK: heard the philosophers,
UNK: heard our grandparents warning us about wasted time,
UNK: heard the damn poets urging us to seize the day.
UNK: Still, sometimes, we have to see for ourselves.
Burke : I'm not doing you any more favors.
Burke : This was it.
Cristina : I've been holding up 50 pounds of tumor
Cristina : for the past 12 hours.
Cristina : My back's going to need traction,
Derek : and the patient died anyways.
Cristina : And you think you did me a favor?
Burke : Look, I'm just...
Burke : What is this...
Burke : ...that we're doing here?
George : What is it?
Cristina : You need a definition?
Cristina : You really want to be that guy?
UNK: [Meredith] We have to make our own mistakes.
Burke : Lock the door.
UNK: We have to learn our own lessons.
George : Have you seen Meredith?
Alex : Save yourself the misery, man. She's off the market.
George : What? No, that's not... We're just friends.
MVO : Whatever.
George : But she's not. I mean, if she was seeing someone,
George : I live with her, I would know it.
UNK: [Meredith] We have to sweep today's possibility
UNK: under tomorrow's rug until we can't anymore,
UNK: until we finally understand for ourselves
UNK: what Benjamin Franklin meant.
UNK: That knowing is better than wondering.
UNK: That waking is better than sleeping.
Meredith : I, um, know this place
Meredith : where there's an amazing view
Meredith : of sunrise over the ferryboats.
Derek : I have a thing for ferryboats.
Meredith : I remember.
UNK: And that even the biggest failure,
UNK: even the worst, most intractable mistake
UNK: beats the hell out of never trying.