House : Trust me. He'll be dead real soon.
House : Actually, I saved you some rush hour traffic.
UNK: Mrs. Park : I'm calling our lawyer.
UNK: Fine. Just as soon as you've signed the surgery consent.
House : I have a pen.
UNK: Mrs. Park : Marilyn Park for Mark Lerner. Yes, I'll hold.
Cuddy : Harvey's your son. I'm sure you still care about him.
UNK: Mr. Park : He humiliated us.
UNK: Mr. Park : Everybody we know knows about his... perversion.
House : But you don't get off on embarrassment the way your son does.
UNK: My guess, maybe it skips a generation.
Lawyer : How much money would it take to compensate you...
House : Yeah, you guys can haggle in a minute, but here's the thing.
House : Humiliation comes in all kinds of packages.
House : People finding out that your son's a perv.
House : That's pretty high up there.
House : People finding out that you'd rather let your son die...
House : than sign a piece of paper...
House : Where's that rank?
House : Trust me, if I have to paste up a sign...
House : in every nail salon and dumpling shop in Pennsylvania, I'll make sure they know.
House : Your son will be in surgery first thing in the morning.
UNK: Dumplings. That was a cheap shot.
Wilson : Hi. Are you, uh...
Wilson : Can we talk?
Cameron : Gee, I wonder what this is gonna be about.
Wilson : I just want to make sure no one gets hurt.
Cameron : I will be fine. Everybody's acting like I'm going out with Jack the Ripper.
Wilson : Oh. It's not... It's not you I'm worried about.
Wilson : It's been a long time since he opened up to someone, and I...
Wilson : You better be absolutely sure you want this,
Wilson : because if he opens up again and gets hurt...
UNK: I don't think there's gonna be a next time.
Cameron : You're worried I'm gonna break his heart?
Wilson : The wide side's too short.
Wilson : You're gonna look like Lou Costello.
House : This is a mistake.
House : I don't know how to have casual conversation.
House : You think you're talking about one thing,
House : and either you are, and it's incredibly boring,
UNK: or you're not because there's a subtext, and you need a decoder ring.
Wilson : Open doors for her. Help her with her chair.
House : - I have been on a date. - Not since disco died.
Wilson : Comment on her shoes, her earrings,
Wilson : and then move on to D.H.A.
Wilson : Her dreams, hopes and aspirations.
UNK: Trust me. Panty peeler.
Wilson : - And if you need condoms, I've got some. - Did your wife give them to you?
Wilson : Drug rep. They've got antibiotics built in somehow.
House : I should cancel.
House : I've got a patient in surgery tomorrow morning.
Wilson : And if you were a surgeon, that would actually matter.
Wilson : That's a good idea. Settle your nerves. Get me a beer too.
House : No beer.
Wilson : You're gonna eat before dinner?