UNK: Hmm.
House : Quite a dilemma.
UNK: Oh, great pool-hall oracle, grant me guidance.
House : Do we go with Foreman's theory, which is at least marginally supported by medical test results,
UNK: or Chase's theory, that is completely unsupported by medical evidence?
House : What to do?
Chase : The guy obviously broke his jaw somehow.
Chase : Who knows what other trauma he's suffered? We should do the angiogram again.
House : And all signs point to...
UNK: Ah. Sorry, Chase. The gods have spoken.
House : Start Harvey on blood thinners and antibiotics.
Chase : Wow. Yeah, I get it. House is adorable.
Chase : I just want to hold him and never let go.
Cameron : My God! What the hell are you doing?
UNK: - She's choking him. - Foreman, stop. Let her go.
Foreman : - She was trying to kill him. - No. No, she wasn't.
Cameron : His vitals seem okay. Please... Please, don't hurt her.
Foreman : What the hell is going on in here?
Chase : She's... She's a dominatrix.
Chase : Right, Annette?
Lawyer : The patient asked you to strangle him?
Annette : Harvey is an asphyxiaphyliac.
Annette : He likes to be strangled or smothered.
UNK: That's just sick. Well, that's an intriguing legal opinion.
House : Geez. What kind of a lawyer is he?
Lawyer : - You want a legal opinion? Call the cops. - I was careful.
Annette : I watched the monitors. Made sure his O2 sats were over 90. I would never hurt him.
House : Then what was the point? Harvey was upset.
Annette : He needed to calm down...
Annette : To feel in control by being controlled.
Cuddy : He pays you for this?
Annette : In return, he does my taxes and cleans my house.
Cuddy : We're not done here. We have to talk. Call the cops.
House : Bar her from the hospital. Force her to pierce your nipples.
House : Not really medical decisions.
Chase : It was a long time ago.
Chase : I was seeing this woman, a banker,
Chase : and, uh, turns out she liked to be burned.
Cameron : You actually dated someone who likes to get burned?
Foreman : Yeah, why would you want to be in a relationship...
Foreman : with someone that's so obviously only gonna lead to pain?
House : - Shut up. - It was a weird scene.
UNK: I observed... - Chase, did you know about this woman, what she does?
UNK: I met her at some parties, yeah. - I wouldn't have tortured you if I knew you liked it.
UNK: Well, here's a phrase to remember.
UNK: "Hey, this guy might have been pounded on the head one too many times".
UNK: I said I thought it was a trauma-induced aneurysm. Yeah. Could have carried...
House : a tad more weight if you'd mentioned the "liking pain" thing.
House : You're on my naughty list.
House : Sorry. No leather stethoscope this Christmas.
UNK: I'm not into... - I assume you never started him on antibiotics and blood thinners...
House : before Mistress Ilsa's rude interruption.
UNK: - That was probably a good thing, given... - Start him on antibiotics and blood thinners.
Cameron : You still think Chase is wrong?
House : No, he's probably right.
Chase : Then we should schedule him for vascular surgery.
Chase : Go into the carotids, find the aneurysm, repair it.