House : This is pretty lame, right?
Wilson : I think she likes lame.
Cameron : It's beautiful.
Cameron : And you look very handsome.
Ramona : Thank you.
Cameron : I've always loved this restaurant.
House : Yeah. It's changed a lot since the last time I was here.
House : Used to be a strip joint.
House : Nice earrings.
Cameron : My mom's. Thank you.
House : Nice shoes.
UNK: Comfortable?
Cameron : I'm not expecting you to be someone you're not.
House : We're in a restaurant.
House : We're dressed up. We're eating.
UNK: Without small talk, what is there?
Cameron : According to Freud... And I'm paraphrasing...
UNK: The instinct of love toward an object demands a mastery to obtain it,
Cameron : and if a person feels they can't control the object, or feel threatened by it,
Cameron : they act negatively toward it.
Cameron : Like an eighth-grade boy punching a girl.
House : I treat you like garbage, so I must really like you.
House : Given your Freudian theory, what does it mean if I start being nice to you?
Cameron : That you're getting in touch with your feelings.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
House : So there's absolutely nothing I can do to make you think that I don't like you?
House : Sorry, no.
Cameron : I have one evening with you... One chance...
Cameron : And I don't want to waste it talking about what wines you like...
Cameron : or what movies you hate.
Cameron : I want to know how you feel.
Cameron : About me.
House : You live under the delusion that you can fix everything that isn't perfect.
House : That's why you married a man who was dying of cancer.
House : You don't love, you need.
House : And now that your husband is dead,
House : you're looking for your new charity case.
House : That's why you're going out with me.
House : I'm twice your age.
UNK: I'm not great-looking.
House : I'm not charming. I'm not even nice.
House : What I am is what you need.
House : I'm damaged.
UNK: Warm saline.
UNK: 3.0 silk...
UNK: I'll get the...
Foreman : Came in late. Good time last night?
Cameron : How's the surgery going? Harvey's doing fine so far.
Chase : - How'd the night go? - It was fine. How was your evening?
House : She had the ravioli. I had the puttanesca.
Wilson : Yes, I really want to know about the quality of the food.
Wilson : Either something very good happened or something very bad. Which is it?
House : Well, I did have a little indigestion afterwards.
House : Maybe it was the garlic bread.
Cameron : Or the wine. Something made my eyes puffy.
Foreman : - Crying in your pillow can do that. - It was the wine.
Cameron : We had a nice candid conversation.
House : Nothing deep. Mostly small talk. I'm sure.
House : Took your advice. Complimented her shoes. That's 15 minutes of chat right there.
Foreman : - No snide comments? - I guess... when we talked about you guys.
UNK: - Just answer one question. - You two gonna do dinner again?
House : I... don't think so.
Myron : I... don't know.
Surgeon : Hey, kids. You were wrong.
Surgeon : No aneurysm, no nothin'. This guy's clean.
Chase : Which means we've got no idea what's causing the strokes.
Foreman : He's had two more post-op.
Foreman : We won't know the extent of the damage...
Foreman : until he comes out of the coma... If he comes out.
Cameron : Maybe we should go back to the blood thinners. Up the dosage.
House : If it's not clots, a loading dose of blood thinners is gonna make him bleed out of his ears.
House : Then he won't be able to hear.
UNK: Oy vey.
House : - Nobody home. Leave a message. - This is important.
House : Chase, Cameron, get another angiogram and echo.
UNK: You better get a full body scan.
House : If it is clots, it'd be good to know where they are.
House : Sorry about that.
House : Guy dying.
Ramona : Those pills you gave Myron? They're not working.