Ryan : named the RMS Bently.
UNK: It put into port at Manhattan Cruise Terminal at dawn.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : - Michigan ID? - Yeah.
Beckett : You contact her next of kin?
Ryan : Yeah, her mother is flying in later today.
UNK: She said that Lara quit herjob in an environmental non-profit
Ryan : in order to work on the cruise line,
UNK: AII to help her family get out of debt.
UNK: Perlmutterjust called.
Esposito : Turns out that baggie from Lara's stomach,
Esposito : pure uncut heroin.
Ryan : Uncut? No wonder she only swallowed one baggie.
Ryan : That eight-ball has a street value of 30K.
Esposito : Uncut heroin comes directly from the cartels.
Beckett : So how does a dancer from Michigan get her hands on that?
UNK: Could have came from anybody on the ship.
Esposito : Problem is, all of our suspects
Esposito : disembarked this morning.
UNK: Yeah, like, 2,000 of them.
Ryan : They're probably all over the city
Ryan : or flying back to wherever they came from by now.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you guys run the names
Beckett : from all the passenger and crew manifests,
Beckett : see if anything pops.
Beckett : I'll head off to the ship, see if I can find an actual crime scene.
UNK: Here at Iconic, we pride ourselves on two things.
UNK: The old world elegance of ocean travel, and our impeccable safety record.
UNK: So I'm sure whatever happened to Lara was simply a tragic accident.
UNK: Uh, well, she was shot in the head.
Beckett : So, unless she tripped and fell on a bullet, it wasn't an accident.
UNK: Now, I thought that all ofyour passengers
Esposito : disembarked this morning.
Janice : Oh, those are some of the ship's resident guests.
Janice : Mostly retirees who live aboard year-round.
Janice : Some of them, like the Nelson sisters,
Janice : have been on the ship...
UNK: Ionger than most of the crew.
Janice : We call them the Gossip Girls.
Beckett : Uh, I'm sorry, I have to get this.
Janice : Oh, sure thing.
UNK: Hey, Vikram. what do you got?
Vikram : We hit the motherlode!
Vikram : I ran the heroin found in our victim's stomach, Beckett,
UNK: it's an exact 100% match
Vikram : to the heroin Vulcan Simmons was selling.
Beckett : So Lara's killer is linked to whoever took over Vulcan's drug pipeline.