House : Let's get M.R.I.'s, check for abscesses or some occult infection.
House : I'll be in the clinic. Grab me if you find something important... or unimportant.
UNK: We did an M.R.I. on all the babies, and, unfortunately, we didn't find anything,
UNK: so we're starting them on the strongest antibiotics that we've got,
Cameron : and we're hoping that that will take care of it.
Judy : But he's so tiny.
Kim : How sick is he?
Cameron : His fever's up to 103.5, and his blood pressure is 80 over 40.
UNK: How, um... How bad is that?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: It-It's low. The heart needs to circulate the blood.
UNK: If it's weak, the oxygen isn't getting to the liver, the kidneys, the brain.
Judy : Um, I have to ask you something.
UNK: Judy... No, no, Kim. Let me.
Judy : Um, I had a cold last month, and I told the doctors about it.
Kim : Honey, this has nothing to do with you.
Cameron : Kim's right.
Cameron : Your son was born healthy.
Cameron : He caught the infection after his birth.
Cameron : There's no reason to think that he caught it from you.
Judy : But you don't know. I mean, you don't know how he got sick.
UNK: Pretty standard question... "How sick is my child?" You couldn't answer.
UNK: I answered. You rattled off numbers... B.P., O2 sats.
UNK: It's not what they need to know. What they need to know is the future. You got a Magic 8 ball?
Foreman : No, just eight years of medical training.
Foreman : Look, I realize it's tough to break bad news to families.
Cameron : Not as tough as hearing it.
Foreman : And I guess being the poor guy dying is the toughest of all?
UNK: No.
Cameron : It's easier to die than to watch someone die.
Cuddy : Well, we're checking the vents. It could be airborne.
Cuddy : Somebody get the sinks, too, and underneath them.
UNK: Med Student With The Tie : I'll get it.
Wilson : How many med students have you got swabbing the decks?
UNK: What else are they gonna do? It's not like they're delivering babies.
UNK: You find anything yet? Uh, yeah.
Cuddy : About half the antibacterial gel dispensers are empty or broken.
UNK: That's bad, yet diagnostically completely insignificant.
Cuddy : Well, if the staff can't wash their hands, it's no wonder an infection has spread.
Cuddy : Hey! Tie clip! Sorry?
Cuddy : We have an epidemic in this hospital, and your tie is becoming a petri dish.
Cuddy : Put on a tie clip or take the damn thing off.
UNK: Patient jill : My joints have been feeling all loose, and lately I've been feeling sick a lot.
UNK: Patient jill : Maybe I'm over-training.
UNK: I'm doing the marathon, like, 10 miles a day, but I can't seem to lose any weight.
House : Lift up your arms.
House : You have a parasite.
UNK: Like a tapeworm or something? Lie back and lift up your sweater.
House : You can put your arms down.
Jill : Can you do anything about it? Only for about a month or so.
House : After that it becomes illegal to remove, except in a couple states.
UNK: Illegal? But don't worry.
House : Many women learn to embrace this parasite.
House : They name it, dress it up in tiny clothes, arrange playdates with other parasites.
House : - Playdates? - It has your eyes.
Jill : But that's impossible.
House : Well, I assume you weren't getting your period.
House : Maybe that should have given you an inkling.
Jill : But I'm on this birth control implant. Yeah, I know.
UNK: I saw the scar on your arm. And my doctor said I might not get any periods at all if it was working.
UNK: Mm-hmm. Interestingly enough, you also don't get any periods if it isn't working,
House : which is why you were supposed to get regular pregnancy tests.