Barney : A 20% tip, really, for that waiter?
Marshall : I don't know, barney, he worked a triple... I can't believe...
UNK: You know what, if you're not gonna yell at the waiter,
Barney : Yell at me.
UNK: What? Yell at me.
Marshall : I'm not gonna yell at you, barney.
UNK: What, what, you think you're gonna upset me?
Barney : Please, give me your best shot.
Marshall : Okay, fine... what, you want me to yell at you?
Marshall : Yeah.
Marshall : This is me
Marshall : Yelling at you, barney.
Barney : I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over the sound of a butterfly
Barney : Landing on a leaf about three blocks away.
Marshall : This is me yelling at you, barney!
Barney : Okay, you got some volume, now give me some content.
Barney : Make it hurt.
Marshall : You don't look as good in suits as you think you do!
Barney : No, something that's true... Come on.
Barney : The man made you cry.
Barney : Make me cry.
Marshall : Your mom's a slut!
Marshall : Yes.
Marshall : Your mom's a slut, and I'm sorry, barney,
Marshall : But you and your brother clearly have different fathers,
Marshall : And you know why?
Marshall : It's probably because your mom is a slutty slut!
Barney : Keep going.
Marshall : I don't care what you say.
Marshall : Bob barker is not your father!
Barney : Okay, now, well, that's just not cool.
Marshall : Oh, my god, barney, I'm so sorry, I really...
Barney : No, I'm kidding... Keep going.
Marshall : Bob barker's not your father!
Marshall : You've concocted this delusional idea that a game show host
Marshall : Is your real father, and he's not!
Marshall : You were abandoned, barney!
Marshall : You were abandoned, and you never dealt with it,
Marshall : And so now you never allow yourself
Marshall : To feel anything, and that's how you survive
Marshall : In this corporate world, and if I keep heading
Marshall : Down this path, I'm gonna turn into you!
Marshall : And I don't want that!
Marshall : I don't want any of this!
Marshall : This is not why I became a lawyer.
Marshall : This is not the person that I wanted to be.
Marshall : I quit, arthur!
Marshall : I quit!
Arthur : Well, thank you, eriksen, I needed to hear that.
Marshall : Really, 'cause I didn't mean to attack you personally,
Marshall : It's just that I...
Arthur : No, no, no, the part where you said, "I quit."
Arthur : Now we don't have to pay you a severance package.
Arthur : Uh, security's gonna rough you up a bit on the way out.
Ted : Robin, you dropped a little ice cream...
UNK: Dude! Dude! Dude!
Barney : I'm sorry.
Barney : Don't blame this on me, marshall.
Barney : I told you to yell at someone beneath you.
Barney : The circle of screaming is...
Barney : The chain of scr...
Barney : Pyramid... The pyramid of screaming!
Barney : The pyramid of screaming.
Marshall : How am I supposed to tell lily?
Marshall : She supported me through three years of law school,
Marshall : And now is the time when I'm supposed to pay her back.
Marshall : Now we're gonna lose the apartment.
Marshall : The place where we were gonna raise our children.
Marshall : How am I supposed to tell the person who I love
Marshall : More than anything in this world
Marshall : That I've just thrown away our future?
Lily : Hey.
Ted : Everybody out, everybody out of the new car!
Ted : Out of the new car!
Barney : Ted, screaming never solves anything.
Narrator : And so, marshall finally had to tell lily what happened.
Lily : I'm so sorry.
Marshall : I just lost it.
Marshall : But I can fix it.
Marshall : First thing tomorrow, I'm gonna go in there
Marshall : On my hands and knees and... And beg for my job back.
Lily : No, you're not.
Arthur : What?
Lily : Marshall, our future isn't money or an apartment.
Lily : And it's definitely not you being miserable
Lily : At that horrible job.
Lily : I'm just happy to have my husband back.
Lily : We'll figure the rest out.
Marshall : I love you.
Ted : I love you, too.
Narrator : Ultimately, they were able to make ends meet
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Without going bust on the apartment.
Marshall : You sure about this?
Ted : Yeah, who needs a car in new york city, right?
Marshall : Ted, I don't think I can accept...
Ted : Marshall, don't make me scream at you.
Marshall : Thanks a lot, buddy.
Ted : You guys did it in the car, didn't...
Arthur : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Definitely this one.
Marshall : Yeah.