Lily : O-kay.
Ted : Oh, my god.
Marshall : He peed on the conference table?
Blauman : Come on, come on, come on,
Blauman : Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Blauman : Uh, look, could you guys just look away for a second
Blauman : Till I get started?
Ted : Come on.
Ted : Come on.
UNK: Barney, pouring some water in a glass : Does this help?
Barney : Eventually, he just gave up and left.
Barney : And then his cousin's website tanked.
Barney : And then he became a janitor at an old folks' home
Barney : And moved into a one-room apartment above a bowling alley.
Barney : That's it? That's the end of the story?
Barney : No, no, of course not... he died.
Marshall : How does that help me?
Marshall : How does any of this help me?
Marshall : Can somebody, for god's sakes,
Marshall : Please give me one piece of useful advice?
Barney : Lily, control your woman.
Barney : The lesson of blauman is that when your boss
Barney : Screams at you, you never scream back.
Barney : That's why there's a little thing in corporate america
Barney : I like to call the chain of screaming.
UNK: Chain of screaming? Yes.
Barney : The chain of screaming starts at the top.
Barney : Arthur's boss's boss screams at arthur's boss.
Barney : Arthur's boss screams at arthur.
Barney : Arthur screams at you.
Barney : You go home and scream at lily.
Barney : Lily screams at one of the kids in her kindergarten class.
Barney : Then that kid screams at her dad,
Barney : Arthur's boss's boss.
Barney : And the whole thing starts all over again,
Barney : Thus completing the circle of screaming.
Ted : I thought it was a chain of screaming.
Barney : It's a circle, ted, I called it a circle.
Marshall : I don't scream at lily.
Lily : And I don't scream at my kids,
Lily : None of whom have parents who work at marshall's firm.
Robin : So it's not a circle.
UNK: Fine... you want it to be a chain of screaming,
Barney : It's a chain of screaming.
Barney : I came up with the circle idea halfway through,
Barney : 'cause I thought it was a more elegant metaphor,
Barney : But fine, ruin it!
Barney : You guys always undermine me
Barney : When I'm trying to make a point, and I'm sick of it!
Barney : God, I'm surrounded by idiots!
Barney : Idiots!
Barney : See, doesn't everyone feel better now?
Marshall : Lily, I need your take on this.
Marshall : What... What should I do?
Lily : Well, what I teach my kids in kindergarten...
Barney : Oh, god.
UNK: Is, when dealing with a bully,
Lily : The most important thing
Lily : Is to be constructive and positive.
Marshall : Hello, arthur.
Arthur : Hello, marshall.
Lily : I have the ninja report right here.
Lily : But arthur,
Lily : In the future, if you want someone to do their best work,
Lily : Try to motivate them not with fear and intimidation,
Lily : But through encouragement, inspiration and respect.
Arthur : Well said, marshall.
UNK: I... I needed to hear that.
Arthur : By the way,
Arthur : I saw your wife's picture in your office.
Arthur : That is one tasty slice.
Lily : Oh, you're damn right.
Lily : You know what I'm gonna do when I get home?
Arthur : Oh, yeah.
Lily : I'm gonna rip that girl's clothes off...
Barney : That's it.
Lily : Just throw her on the bed...
Arthur : That's where she belongs.
Lily : And drive her home like a pack of sled dogs!
UNK: Oh, yeah! Yeah!
Lily : It's bad, guys.
Lily : Mama needs it bad.
Marshall : You're right, baby, it's about respect.
Marshall : That is the first useful thing anyone's said to me tonight.
Marshall : Can you give me that speech again?
Lily : I'm gonna drive her home like a pack of...
Marshall : No, the other part, please.
Lily : I have the ninja report right here, but...
Narrator : And it seemed like that was the end of it,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But it wasn't, because the next night...
Lily : Which of these carpets would look better
Lily : In the new apartment?
Lily : I like the color of this one, but this one's so soft.
Lily : It would feel great on your bare feet...
Lily : Or your bare back, a bead of eager sweat
Lily : Rolling down
Lily : Your trembling bosom.
Ted : Lily, didn't we just go through this with bathroom tiles?
Lily : Hey.
Marshall : Shh, don't say my name.