Marshall : Lily can't know it's me.
Marshall : Just pretend you're talking to stella.
Marshall : Be all lovey dovey.
Ted : Hey, stella.
Ted : Sweetie, how's it going?
Marshall : Not good, not good at all.
Ted : Where are you right now?
Marshall : Right downstairs, come find me.
Marshall : Without lily.
UNK: Okay, I'll, uh, I'll see you soon.
Marshall : I love you.
Ted : I love you, too.
Lily : Wow, you two are already saying the "I" word, huh?
Ted : Apparently.
UNK: You hittin' that?
UNK: Uh-oh.
Marshall : I'm in trouble, ted.
Marshall : Ted, I'm freakin' out, man.
Ted : Um... It's a new car, so just be careful...
Marshall : I did something stupid... Can we just drive somewhere?
Marshall : I need to get away... Just drive, man.
Marshall : Please just drive.
Ted : It's just, this is a really good parking spot.
Marshall : Dude!
Ted : Look, just tell me what happened first.
UNK: Okay. Remember how I said I was gonna give that big speech
Marshall : That lily told me to give, be firm but respectful?
Marshall : Well, it didn't totally go that way.
Ted : There is a lot of ketchup on that burger.
Ted : Sorry... what happened?
Marshall : After we all finished talking last night,
Marshall : I went to the diner to finish working on the ninja report.
Arthur : Hey, marshall.
Marshall : How long have you been sitting there?
Barney : If you go in there with lily's kindergarten nonsense,
Barney : You're gonna get torn apart.
Barney : I'm here to save your life... You hungry?
Marshall : Yeah, I was just about to order.
Barney : What do you want?
UNK: A bit and gravy fries.
UNK: Mmm.
Waiter : Okay, friends,
Waiter : What do you like?
Barney : A green tea with lemon for me,
Barney : And for my friend here, the meatloaf, please.
Waiter : Very good.
Marshall : No, I didn't want meatloaf.
Barney : Marshall, the chain of screaming is a real thing.
UNK: Arthur screamed at you; now you have to scream at someone else.
Marshall : No, I don't.
Barney : Yes, you do,
Barney : Or else that anger is gonna eat you alive.
Marshall : Who would I even scream at?
Marshall : I don't know.
Barney : How about somebody who's disappointed you?
UNK: Someone who's let you down?
Barney : Someone who's gonna bring you meatloaf
Barney : When you explicitly ordered a bit and gravy fries?
Barney : No.
Robin : Hey, I was just heading to the bar.
Robin : What are you guys doing out here?
Marshall : Oh, I was just telling ted a story.
Robin : Ooh, I like stories.
Robin : You want a lick?
UNK: What? Is that ice cream cone big enough?
Robin : Uh, it's delicious enough.
Marshall : Okay, so...
Marshall : Then I say to barney...
Marshall : I'm not gonna scream at the waiter, barney.
Barney : Yes, you are.
Barney : That waiter is every boss
Barney : And every bully
Barney : Who ever embarrassed or belittled you.
Barney : And how dare he deny you
Barney : The one thing that you want,
Barney : That would make you happy at this moment,
UNK: A bit and gravy fries!
Waiter : One green tea with lemon, one meatloaf.
Waiter : Enjoy, my friends.
Arthur : Marshall.
Marshall : Excuse me?
Waiter : Yes?
Marshall : This is not what I ordered.
Waiter : Yes, it is.
Marshall : I beg your pardon, sir,
UNK: But I ordered a bit and gravy fries,
Marshall : And as the customer, I'm always right, so...
Waiter : No, no, I am not going to stand here and take this!
Waiter : I am at the end of a triple shift... that's 18 hours!...
Waiter : And then I have
Waiter : To take two trains and a bus to astoria
Waiter : To have my wife scream at me because I'm never home.
Waiter : No, no, you eat your damn meatloaf!
Barney : Hey, what are you guys doing out here?
Robin : Oh, sweet, can I get a toot?
Ted : Against car rules, it's against car rules!
Barney : Oh, ted, relax, it's cuban.
Barney : People pay to have their car smell like this.
Ted : Well, that's just not true.
Barney : Oh, marshall, switch seats with me.
Barney : I called shotgun for all eternity.
Robin : You can't call shotgun for eternity.
Barney : Well, that's funny, 'cause I did!
Robin : It's case by case.
Marshall : Guys, I'm telling a life-altering story here!