Narrator : Kids, the spring of 2008 was a pretty great time for me.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Stella and I had started dating,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And I'd just gotten a big raise at work,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So I decided to purchase something I knew
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Would be the envy of all my friends.
Ted : A new car!
Barney : Ted, this is new york city... you're never gonna drive it.
Barney : This is a really, really stupid purchase,
Barney : And I'm sorry, but none of us can support it.
Barney : Shotgun for eternity!
Robin : You can't call shotgun for eternity.
Barney : I just called it.
Robin : You can't just call things, barney.
Barney : I call that I can call things!
UNK: Nah-uh. Yeah-huh. Hey, baby.
Marshall : Beer.
Lily : Are you okay?
Marshall : Beer.
Ted : Okay, what happened?
Marshall : They always told me that,
Marshall : That working at a big law firm
Marshall : Was like being at war.
Marshall : You get out of law school,
Marshall : It's like getting out of boot camp.
Marshall : That first day at work,
Marshall : You're storming the beaches,
Marshall : Full of piss and vinegar...
Man : Dude, we're lawyers now.
Marshall : Totally.
Man : We've got briefcases and everything.
Marshall : Freakin' briefcases.
Man : You have anything in yours?
Marshall : Totally empty. You?
Man : Candy bars.
UNK: Oh!
Marshall : Then you get in the trenches side by side with your buddies,
Marshall : And you feel a sense of camaraderie.
Marshall : But before too long...
Arthur : Hey, marshall.
Marshall : The shells start to fall.
Marshall : Hello, arthur.
Marshall : Arthur hobbes is one of the senior partners
Marshall : At my firm, and he's... He's my boss.
Marshall : He seems like a nice guy,
Marshall : But he's got a nickname...
Marshall : Artillery arthur.
Arthur : How's your morning going?
UNK: It's going fine; how is yours?
Arthur : Not too bad, not too bad.
Arthur : Hey, is ferguson in yet?
Marshall : He is, he's in... Just in his office next door.
Arthur : That's great. Have a good one, buddy.
Marshall : You, too.
Marshall : You never know who's gonna get hit...
Arthur : Hey, ferguson!
Arthur : I read your report, and it's complete crap!
Arthur : No, you know what? That's an insult to crap.
Arthur : If crap could eat and then crap stuff out, it's that!
Arthur : Your report is the crap that crap craps!
Arthur : If you last two more days here, I'll be shocked!
Arthur : Shocked!
Marshall : It was brutal,
Marshall : But the worst was a few minutes later.
Ferguson : Did you hear that?
Marshall : Yeah, sorry.
Ferguson : Can you believe he did that
UNK: On take your daughter to work day?
Marshall : So that brings us to today.
UNK: Oh, no.
Marshall : A little background.
Marshall : So I'm working on this report
Marshall : Called "using 23-b-3 spurious class action precedent"
UNK: "to contest a class certification order
Marshall : Based on a lack of commonality, numerosity..."
Ted : Dude, you lost us.
Ted : Can't you just call it something cool
Ted : Like "the ninja report"?
Marshall : Okay. Yeah, fine, whatever.
Marshall : Um, so I'm supposed
Marshall : To turn in "the ninja report" yesterday.
UNK: Awesome. Ooh... Oh, wow. Cool.
Marshall : But I got insanely busy with other stuff,
Marshall : I didn't get a chance to finish it,
Marshall : And then this morning...
Arthur : Hey, ferguson. Ferguson : Hey, arthur.
Arthur : How's your day going?
UNK: I gotta go. Great. How is yours?
Arthur : Great, great... hey, is marshall in yet?
Ferguson : Oh, thank god.
Ferguson : Yeah, he's right in there.
Arthur : Fantastic. Have a good one, buddy.
Arthur : And then...
Marshall : He screamed at me.
Lily : Oh, baby, I'm so sorry.
Barney : What, that's it?
Barney : You're upset because a guy talked loudly near you?
Marshall : Barney, I have never been screamed at
Marshall : Like that in my life.
Ted : Come on, when's the last time
Ted : You got screamed at at work?
Barney : I got screamed at three times today.
Barney : Once in Korean.
Barney : This is corporate america, marshall.
Barney : Screaming is a motivational tool,
Barney : Like christmas bonuses or sexual harassment.
Barney : It's just good business.
Lily : Oh, baby, it's just not fair.
Lily : You've been working so hard.
Lily : Late nights, weekends.
Lily : I never see you.
Lily : We've barely made love in weeks.
UNK: It's bad, guys; mama needs her sugar.
Robin : Look, marshall, he screamed at you, you took it.
Robin : He probably respects you more for it.
Marshall : Yeah, about that...
Marshall : So arthur's busy giving me the full screaming treatment...
Marshall : Face turning red,
Marshall : Vein in his forehead about to burst,
Marshall : Spittle flying like shrapnel.
Marshall : Everyone you work with walking by your office,
Marshall : Peering in.