Marshall : And suddenly, I just felt all of it.
Ted : All of what?
Marshall : All of it.
Marshall : The fact that I became a lawyer to save the environment,
Marshall : And now I'm working for the bad guys instead.
Marshall : The fact that I am stuck in this job
Marshall : Because of a mortgage I can barely afford
Marshall : On an apartment that is crooked.
Marshall : The fact that
Marshall : I am a grown man,
Marshall : And nobody, not even artillery arthur,
Marshall : Has the right to talk to me like that!
UNK: Uh-oh.
Marshall : I begged my body not to do it.
Marshall : But it was no use.
UNK: Oh, god!
UNK: I just... I just... I just...
Barney : Just because you weren't around for this,
Barney : I called shotgun for all eternity in ted's car.
Barney : Dude, I can't believe you cried in front of your boss.
Marshall : I don't know what happened.
Marshall : There's just something about being yelled at like that,
Marshall : Like I was being scolded by my dad.
Marshall : Suddenly... Suddenly I was a little boy.
Robin : Is "boy" the right word?
Marshall : I felt absolutely powerless.
Marshall : Flaccid... hell, I... I felt castrated.
Lily : God, you're hot right now.
Marshall : And the worst thing is, tomorrow morning I have to walk
Marshall : Into arthur's office and give him the ninja report.
Barney : Ooh. Ooh. Ninjas are cool.
Marshall : How the hell am I supposed to face this guy again?
Robin : Here's what I would do if I were you.
Robin : Hi, arthur.
Arthur : Hello, marshall.
Arthur : Have you finally finished the ninja report?
Robin : Yeah, I got it.
Robin : Right here.
Robin : I think it's gonna blow you away.
Arthur : Please, I have a family.
Robin : So we good?
Arthur : We're so good.
Robin : Then why are you still in my office?
Ted : Okay, gun violence might be the answer to everything
Ted : Up in canada, robin,
Ted : But here in america, we solve our problems with words.
Ted : Marshall, you go in and you dazzle this guy
Ted : With a big eloquent speech defending human dignity.
Ted : Like abraham lincoln.
Marshall : Yeah, because it's so easy just to bust out a big,
Ted : Eloquent speech off the top of your head.
Ted : Observe.
Ted : Arthur?
Arthur : What do you want, marshall?
Ted : Justice, sir.
Ted : You see, we are all born with certain incontrovertible rights,
Ted : The most fundamentally paramount of which
Ted : Is the right...
Ted : Wait, you can't be fundamentally paramount.
Ted : One means highest, one means lowest.
Arthur : You are nailing this.
Ted : Human beings have rights,
Ted : And those rights are, um...
Arthur : You got me hooked, reel me in.
Ted : There are certain justices
Ted : That cannot or will not
Ted : Be inalienable... As such...
Ted : For the future.
Arthur : Stuck the landing... bravo!
Arthur : Thank you.
Arthur : Security's gonna rough you up a bit on the way out.
Marshall : Guys, guys, this is not helping, okay?
Marshall : I can't have some big confrontation with arthur.
Marshall : I need this job, I... I need the money.
Ted : Yeah, but how good would it feel to walk in there tomorrow,
Ted : Tell him off and then quit?
Marshall : It's great to fantasize about,
Marshall : But nobody ever actually does it.
Barney : Gary blauman did it.
Barney : Guy I used to work with, the guy's a legend now.
Barney : We were at the morning meeting, and old blauman
Barney : Was getting reamed out but good.
Barney : Pretty much routine
Barney : At the morning meeting, but then,
Barney : On this particular day, something amazing happened.