Taub : You tell me I look great,
Nick : I tell you you're a people person.
Taub : How can you know the truth? You could ask for the truth.
Taub : What do you think of my nose? Please tell me the truth.
UNK: Cafeteria Worker : It's fine, it's a nose.
Taub : Just proving a point.
House : Anyone sitting here?
Wilson : Just my persona.
House : You know, it's amazing the way people cling on to insults.
House : Or what they think are insults.
Wilson : So that wasn't an insult?
House : I'm not suggesting that like our patient,
House : you're hiding a dark, sarcastic core
House : beneath a candy shell of compulsive niceness.
Wilson : I'm not always nice. I'm not nice to you.
House : Because you know nice bores me. Hence, still nice.
House : No, I'm suggesting that you have no core.
House : You're what whoever you're with needs you to be.
House : Okay, I guess that could be insulting.
UNK: But the interesting question is why.
House : Why do you think the world will end in chaos and destruction
House : if you're not there to save it?
Wilson : Because when my parents put me in the rocket, and sent me here,
Wilson : they said, "James, you will grow to manhood under a yellow sun."
UNK: And why did you lie about monster trucks?
Nick : I didn't.
House : I checked your appointment book.
UNK: You've got tomorrow night marked off,
House : but you didn't put down what you were doing.
House : So you thought someone might look at the book...
Wilson : I'm playing racquetball tomorrow night with Taub.
House : Why would you hide that?
Wilson : Because the world revolves around you.
Wilson : I devote time to anyone else,
Wilson : you'd end up stalking me and harassing them.
House : You say that as though it wouldn't be fun.
Wilson : And maybe I didn't want to rub your nose in the fact
Wilson : that we'd be doing something you can no longer do.
Wilson : Because I'm nice.
Audrey : I thought you said the steroids were gonna help him!
Audrey : Is it his heart?
Foreman : EKG says heart's fine.
Foreman : It's gotta be the kidneys.
UNK: We need to get him on dialysis.
UNK: Oh, God.
Foreman : He's on dialysis and he's stable.
Thirteen : We know it's not systemic sclerosis.
UNK: Hey.
House : Cyrano de Berkowitz.
House : Let it go.
Taub : Chronic lymphocytic leukemia could explain brain and kidney problems.
Foreman : CBC showed normal white blood cells.
House : So how long have you been playing racquetball with Wilson?
Taub : Four or five times.
Taub : Could be diabetes.
Kutner : Or a congenital metabolic disorder.
Taub : Congenital disorders generally don't wait till you're 46 to manifest.
Kutner : So he's a late bloomer. His daughter has a neurological condition.
House : First of all, Wilson played tennis on his college team,
House : and you are a Jew.
House : You're not athletic.
House : Run to the end of the hall and back, I'll time you.
Taub : Sandy Koufax is Jewish. Greatest left-handed pitcher of all time.
House : Sandy Koufax is all you Jews go on about, Sandy Koufax.
House : And the Holocaust. It gets old.
Foreman : There are dozens of congenital conditions that fit our parameters.
Foreman : We can't spend time gene-testing for all of them
Foreman : especially when we're only guessing it's congenital.