House : His glucose was normal.
Wilson : We're not talking about my brother anymore, are we?
House : It's House. AVMs don't explain his glucose.
Wilson : Since this is a significant moment in my life and all, I'll...
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : I think I'll just go in and...
House : Explain that.
UNK: Right.
UNK: We'd given him steroids. His glucose should have been elevated.
House : That wannabe cyst you found in the whole body scan,
House : with the glucose, it's a relevant fibroma.
Audrey : He has Doege-Potter Syndrome.
Kutner : His fibroma is secreting human growth hormone
Kutner : which acts like insulin, lowering his glucose.
UNK: That doesn't explain the organ failure, the brain damage.
House : This whole thing is an overreaction.
House : That one small fibroma, it's benign,
House : but his body's acting like it's an invader.
House : attacked his other systems. Take out the fibroma,
House : he'll be a happy hypocrite again in no time.
Nick : Maybe I should call a cab.
Taub : Your wife's probably just late.
UNK: Yeah.
Nick : I'm sorry about,
Audrey : you know, things I said.
Elaine : I have a conspicuous nose.
Nick : It suits your face.
Audrey : I'm sorry I'm late.
UNK: Traffic.
Audrey : I have some good news.
UNK: I was going to tell you, and then you got sick,
Audrey : it didn't seem like the best time.
Audrey : I've been offered a better position.
Audrey : I'd be coordinating cancer awareness walks in three cities.
Nick : That's great. Congratulations.
Nick : I know you've worked hard for this.
Elaine : Thank you.
Nick : Is Marika okay?
Audrey : I'm sure she's moved on.
Audrey : Kids are so resilient.
Kutner : You okay?
Wilson : I'll be seeing Danny again next week.
Wilson : I'd like you to meet him.
UNK: Sure.
House : Sounds interesting.
House : Go on.
Wilson : I thought seeing him again would change everything.
Wilson : It'd be wonderful or terrible. Instead...
Wilson : We're just strangers. It's kind of anticlimactic.
House : Which is better than terrible.
House : Go on.
House : Does it bother you that we have no social contract?
UNK: My whole life is one big compromise.
UNK: I tiptoe around everyone like they're made of china.
UNK: I spend all my time analyzing.
UNK: "What will the effect be if I say this?"
UNK: And then there's you. You're a reality junkie.
UNK: If I offered you a comforting lie,
UNK: you'd smack me over the head with it.
UNK: Let's not change that.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : No. See, this...
Wilson : If you were implementing a social contract, you'd say that,
Wilson : but only because it makes me feel better.
UNK: It's kind of fun watching you torture yourself.
Wilson : Do you think things will work out with my brother?
UNK: No.
House : But when it does go wrong, it won't be your fault.
Wilson : Thanks, House.
House : You do actually like monster trucks?
UNK: Absolutely.