Nick : There's a shocker.
Nick : I haven't had a good night's sleep since this thing started.
Nick : You should get some rest yourself.
Kutner : That's a good idea.
Kutner : This is going to take some time, it will be pretty exhaustive.
Audrey : Are you afraid of what you might say while I'm here?
UNK: Yes.
Audrey : Are you telling me there's something worse than what I've already heard?
UNK: No, I don't know what I'm going to say.
Nick : I don't know how I'm going to hurt you next.
Nick : I think we should be around each other as little as possible right now.
Audrey : This is pathetic.
Audrey : I know.
Nick : Tell Marika I love her very much.
Audrey : She understands that.
Nick : I don't think she does.
Nick : You're just saying that to make me feel better.
UNK: Yeah.
Kutner : Guy leads a boring life.
Kutner : They stay home a lot.
Kutner : No travel, no exotic pets. No nearby standing water.
House : You sound pleased about something. Can we get to that part?
Kunter : His wife rescues dogs.
Kunter : Among others, a big Rottweiler, who's taken over the house.
Kunter : Our patient hates it.
House : Was the wife there to hear this? No.
House : Too bad. Keep going.
UNK: The dog marks its territory all over the living room.
Kutner : I asked what the odds were
UNK: that he would've put down food or drink where the dog could reach.
Kutner : He said he put a glass of juice on the floor
Kutner : while he was fixing the television.
House : The dog was fixing the television? Yes.
House : Patient's eyes red?
Kutner : Yeah. I'm thinking Weil's.
UNK: Bacterial. You lucked out.
House : Start him on doxycycline. If he improves, we'll know we were right.
Taub : I told Wilson you sent me to get information.
House : And now you're telling me.
House : What does that make you, a quadruple agent?
Taub : He let me print out his e-mails.
House : Wow. Excellent.
UNK: Information he wants us to have.
House : Did he let you print out his deleted e-mails?
UNK: No.
House : Go back there... As long as I was sitting there,
UNK: thought I'd print them anyway. Top one's the one you're looking for.
UNK: "I confirm Wednesday at 7 : 00 p.m."
UNK: It's outgoing to JGonzalez@NYMercy.net.
Taub : There's a Joan Gonzalez in oncology. It's a consult.
UNK: Secret consult at 7 : 00 p. M?
UNK: Oh, Joan is perky.
Taub : You're wrong, there was a patient file attached.
UNK: Where?
UNK: It was password protected.
UNK: No.
House : Wilson doesn't password protect his patient files.
House : I'm the only one he'd expect ever to look there,
House : and he knows there's only one patient I'd want to check on.
Taub : You think Wilson's sick?
House : If Wilson had cancer,
House : there'd be no reason for him to drive three hours to Manhattan.
UNK: He knows he could pull strings here to get the best treatment.
House : Six articles by Gonzalez.
House : "Managing suicidal thoughts in oncology patients."
House : "Suicidal ideation in children with leukemia."
Taub : I don't want to ask this,
Taub : but have you ever had reason to think he might be depressed?
House : No. Get out of here.
Kutner : Your fever's down and your lungs are clearing.
Nick : How long before this brain thing goes away?