UNK: Okay. So, I heard back from the courier company.
Ryan : Turns out our victim was transporting...
Castle : An ancient Incan artifact.
Ryan : Yeah. And, uh, it was on its way...
UNK: To the Lamont-Doherty laboratories in Palisades, New York, for studies.
Castle : Scientists believe it was fashioned from a meteorite,
Castle : but it's proven impenetrable to conventional scans.
Castle : How did I know all this?
Castle : I used to be a crime novelist,
Castle : and I still have a few sources.
Castle : Captain, this is what your victims were killed for.
Beckett : And why would someone kill for this?
Ryan : Well, the folks at the lab
UNK: said an object like that would be invaluable to any collector.
Beckett : Mr. Castle, you said that you might know who took it.
Castle : Not exactly who, but I know who is involved.
Castle : So, the car service was going to pick up Gensler, the courier,
Castle : from the airport here, take him to the lab here.
Castle : Basically, north.
UNK: Yet for some reason, when they were attacked,
Castle : they ended up here, in Spanish Harlem.
Beckett : The opposite way.
UNK: Yes. So either this driver had a terrible sense of direction...
Beckett : Or he was in on it.
Castle : And maybe his partners killed him to silence him.
UNK: Detective Ryan, get me everything you can on that driver.
Beckett : That was surprisingly helpful, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Do you mind if I hang around? See how this turns out?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Break room's over there.
Beckett : I know.
Esposito : Yo, writer boy,
Esposito : tell me how you know about that coal plant.
UNK: What? The one you were talking about
Esposito : when you came in yesterday.
UNK: The captain had me check it out.
Esposito : You know what I found?
Esposito : Tire tracks. The same tire tracks
UNK: that we found at our crime scene.
Esposito : Now, you knew that our doers were using it as a staging ground.
UNK: And the only way you would know that is if you were involved.
Castle : Okay, fine.
Castle : I don't usually like to tell people this, but I have a gift.
Castle : I know things. You know things?
Castle : You and I haven't met before yesterday, correct?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So then how would I know that you had a thing with a woman
UNK: whose initials were L.P.?
Castle : And how would I know that she moved on and you can't?
Esposito : Ryan has a big fat mouth. That's how you know.
Castle : What happened? Commitment issues?
Ryan : Hey, man. We got something.
Ryan : Okay, so, over the last four days before he was killed,
Ryan : our driver made a...
Ryan : Our driver made a series of phone calls to a pay phone
Ryan : located inside of a restaurant.
Ryan : The only problem is, the place has been shut down
UNK: the past couple of months.
UNK: Who was he calling? I have no idea, but check it out.
UNK: The deserted restaurant, El Chozo,
Ryan : maybe that's where he was headed.
Ryan : It's right near where the SUV was attacked.
Beckett : All right. Get up there, see what you can find.
Castle : Uh, Captain, would it be possible for me to ride along?
UNK: Uh, strictly for research purposes.
Esposito : Is he kidding?
Castle : I would just love the chance to observe,
Castle : get some details for my book.
Ryan : Yeah, sure, Cap. We'll take him along. What the...
UNK: Dude, that's Martha Rodgers' son. He can get us house seats.
Ryan : You can get us house seats, right?
UNK: Absolutely.
Beckett : Okay. But do as they say, and don't interfere.
Castle : Come on. Let's go, house seats.
Castle : So, the captain... Is she seeing anyone?
Ryan : She has boyfriends. None of them serious.