Castle : When you hold this,
Castle : do not wonder even for a second
Castle : if you'd be better off anyplace else but here.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : So, in this alternate universe,
Beckett : I was the captain and you and I have never met?
Castle : You were married to your work.
UNK: A lot like when you were when I met you.
Beckett : And how were you without me? Did you win the Pulitzer?
UNK: Uh, I was still waiting to hear.
UNK: But I admit that my life was nowhere near as wonderful without you.
Beckett : That's quite a dream.
Beckett : Magical artifacts and parallel worlds.
Castle : Yeah, it was a lot more than that.
Castle : You know, the only other world I would ever want to visit
Castle : is the one where I made it to our wedding.
Beckett : Me, too.
Beckett : Yeah, I know.
Castle : It's the reason I haven't been sleeping.
UNK: And I keep trying to figure it out.
UNK: How do you live with a man who's lost two months of his life
UNK: and left you at the altar?
Castle : How do I live with the pain I know I've caused you?
Castle : How do we get past this?
Beckett : I wish I knew.
Castle : I think I have the answer.
Castle : We just do.
UNK: So, Katherine Beckett, will you marry me?
Beckett : I've already said yes.
Castle : Will you marry me right now?
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Thank you for coming on such short notice.
UNK: And you, Mother.
Martha : Oh, darling, I am so proud of you.
Castle : Mother, you know that audition?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I really think you should go for it.
Castle : All right.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: Okay. Let's do it. Oh, I got it, okay.
Martha : Oh. Alexis.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Officiant : Whenever you're ready.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : The moment that I met you,
Beckett : my life became extraordinary.
Beckett : You taught me to be my best self,
Beckett : to look forward to tomorrow's adventures.
Beckett : And when I was vulnerable, you were strong.
Beckett : I love you, Richard Castle,
UNK: and I wanna live my life in the warmth of your smile
Beckett : and the strength of your embrace.
Beckett : I promise you I will love you.
Beckett : I will be your friend
Beckett : and your partner in crime and in life.
UNK: Always.
Castle : The moment we met, my life became extraordinary.
UNK: You taught me more about myself
Castle : than I knew there was to learn.
UNK: You are the joy of my heart,
UNK: and you're the last person
UNK: I wanna see every night when I close my eyes.
Castle : I love you, Katherine Beckett.
Castle : And the mystery of you is the one
Castle : I want to spend the rest of my life exploring.
Castle : I promise to love you,
Castle : to be your friend
Beckett : and your partner in crime and life.
UNK: Till death do us part,
Castle : and for the time of our lives.
Officiant : By the power vested in me by the state of New York,
Officiant : I now pronounce you husband and wife.
UNK: Cheers.
UNK: To the wedded couple.
Castle : Mrs. Castle, may I have this dance?
UNK: There's no music.
Beckett : It's perfect.