Beckett : So we're bad for each other, huh?
UNK: The worst. Oh.
UNK: I guess we'd both be better off if we never met.
Castle : It's like It's a Wonderful Life.
Castle : Every time your phone rings, a victim gets their wings.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : His name is Mathias Gensler.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : His passport indicates that he is a Swiss national.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Witnesses said that two masked men
UNK: Kevin Ryan : attacked both the driver and Gensler,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : before cutting a silver briefcase
UNK: handcuffed to Mr. Gensler's wrist.
Beckett : So this was an ambush.
Beckett : Whoever did this knew that he had that case with him.
Ryan : Looks like the attackers fled in a late model G-Wagen, no plates.
Castle : Is that a boot print on his shirt?
Beckett : Killer must have held him down with his foot.
Castle : So, what was in the case?
Castle : Nuclear launch codes? Deadly virus?
Ryan : We don't know yet.
Ryan : The driver's log shows that Mr. Gensler was picked up at Teterboro Airport
Ryan : after arriving on a private charter flight from Switzerland.
Beckett : And where was the car taking him?
Ryan : Manifest only lists the pick-up.
UNK: Did you call the car company?
UNK: Uh, there's no one to call.
Ryan : The driver, Renzo Conrad, owned the service.
UNK: He was a one-man band.
UNK: Speaking of one-man band, where's your partner?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : And Lanie.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Wait, wait.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We're here. We were just, uh...
Lanie : Stuck in traffic. Yeah.
Beckett : Why don't you bring Romeo here up to speed?
Beckett : And contact the Swiss consulate.
Beckett : Maybe they know what Gensler was up to.
Lanie : Castle, what are you doing with my body?
UNK: Just pretend like you don't know him.
Castle : - Beckett, this is not dirt. - It's flinty.
Castle : Hints of carbon.
UNK: That's coal.
UNK: It's pulverized, unrefined coal.
UNK: So?
Castle : So, I used a clue like this in one of my early Derrick Storm books.
UNK: It's pretty unusual to find unrefined coal
Castle : outside a coal-fired power plant.
Beckett : All the coal plants in the city
Beckett : are either shut down or converted.
Castle : Right. But some of them are still standing.
Castle : There's an abandoned one on the Hudson
UNK: they're gonna turn into a shopping mall.
Beckett : Coal dust could have come from a lot of places.
Castle : An abandoned plant would be a perfect place
Castle : to launch a strike like this.
Beckett : Lanie, why don't you get CSU techs
Beckett : to test the substance on the victim's shirt?
UNK: We gotta go to Teterboro and look into that flight.
Castle : And that coal plant is right on the way.
Beckett : Fine. We'll stop off at the coal plant.
UNK: So, you thinking about going?
Beckett : Going where?
Castle : Sorenson's wedding.
Castle : Take a little trip down memory lane?
Beckett : I don't think that's such a good idea.
Castle : Why not?
Beckett : I'm not really ready for someone else's perfect day.
Castle : You know I'd give anything to change what happened, right?
Beckett : Yeah, I know you would.
UNK: Castle...
Beckett : You were right.
Beckett : The shooters' G-Wagen's here.
Beckett : Espo, hey.
Beckett : I need backup at the Hudson River coal plant.
Castle : There's the case.
Beckett : What's in it?
Castle : Some kind of artifact.
Beckett : Must be valuable if it was worth killing over.
Lanie : Castle, what are you...
Beckett : Get down!
Beckett : Why do you always have to touch everything?
Castle : I thought you liked that about me.
UNK: Move!
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Beckett!