Esposito : Our suspect's name is Maria Sanchez.
Esposito : She's wanted by the Peruvian government
Esposito : in connection with the bombings at a government building,
Esposito : not to mention the theft and trafficking of stolen artifacts.
Castle : Then that's her. And she's behind it.
Castle : We need to talk to her.
Beckett : No, Mr. Castle. They need to talk to her.
Beckett : You need to go home.
Beckett : You're done with this case. But...
Beckett : You're lucky I don't arrest you for obstruction.
Beckett : Officer, please escort Mr. Castle to the elevator.
UNK: I want him gone.
Castle : You don't understand. I need to find this artifact.
Castle : Beckett, please!
Beckett : Yes, Detective Esposito?
Esposito : You're not letting him get to you, are you?
Beckett : Don't you have a case to close?
UNK: Mmm.
Maria : You call it smuggling, we call it taking back our rightful legacy.
Maria : That artifact was considered divine
Maria : by our shamans and belongs to the Incan people.
Ryan : Was that legacy worth the lives of two men?
Maria : No. That wasn't the plan.
Ryan : What was the plan, Maria?
Castle : Come on. Just ask her where the artifact is.
Maria : My cousin Renzo, he was the driver.
Maria : He put sedatives in the courier's water to knock him out.
Maria : Once Gensler was asleep,
Maria : we were going to bring him to the restaurant and switch the cases.
Maria : No one was supposed to get hurt.
Maria : But someone attacked them. Someone else took it.
Castle : You don't know where it is?
Ryan : That attack happened just a few blocks from the restaurant.
Ryan : How did they know the car was gonna be there?
Ryan : Who else was involved, Maria?
Ryan : Who else besides you and Renzo knew about the change in route?
Ryan : No one.
Maria : Except the guy at the airport.
Castle : What guy? What guy?
Maria : The plan only worked if Renzo made the pick-up.
Maria : But the courier, Gensler, was using another car service.
Maria : So we paid the concierge at the private jet terminal
Maria : to change limo companies.
Maria : Maybe he told someone.
UNK: Or maybe he knows where the artifact is.
UNK: Just ask her his name.
Esposito : Do you remember his name?
Ryan : Mr. Castle!
UNK: Hey. I was... I just, um...
Esposito : I can't believe she locked me up.
UNK: She... She has no idea.
UNK: She's stopping me from getting back to her.
Perp : I don't know, man.
Perp : Maybe this is your real life,
Perp : because the one where you're rich and famous and engaged to the hot cop
Perp : sounds pretty made-up to me.
Beckett : I called your mother.
Beckett : She refused to come and get you.
Castle : Oh, well, she always did believe in tough love.
Beckett : That doesn't seem to have worked out in your case.
UNK: No.
Beckett : What is it with you and this case, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Well, I'm a mystery writer.
Castle : I'm compelled to know how the story ends.
Beckett : With you.
Beckett : Going home.
Castle : You're letting me go?
Beckett : Well, I could let you stay overnight,
Beckett : but then I would have to do the paperwork.
UNK: No, no, I'll go.
Beckett : You know, you were right.
Beckett : We have met before.
Martha : We have?
Beckett : On a book tour for an old Derrick Storm novel.
Beckett : I, uh, waited in line to get it signed by you.
Beckett : I used to love those books.
Castle : You never told me that.
Beckett : Well, we've only known each other for a day.
Beckett : Although it feels a lot longer.
Castle : I have that effect on people.
Beckett : There's something I've been meaning to ask you.
UNK: Anything.
Beckett : Why did you kill off Derrick Storm?
Esposito : Hey, Captain. We've got something.
Beckett : Another time, I guess. Good night, Mr. Castle.
Ryan : So, we talked to the concierge at the airport.
Ryan : He admitted to taking a bribe from Maria to switch the limo companies,
UNK: but he swore he didn't tell anyone.
Esposito : But when we held his feet to the fire,
Esposito : he came clean about what he saw that night.
UNK: A black G-Wagen sitting outside
Ryan : the airport gates with two guys in it.
Beckett : Our shooters.
Beckett : So they must have been waiting for Gensler,
Beckett : and then they followed him from the airport.
Esposito : Yeah, and while they were waiting,
UNK: one of them stepped out for a smoke.
Esposito : Surveillance caught him on camera.
Ryan : We issued a BOLO,
UNK: and we're gonna run the tattoo through the database in the morning.
Beckett : All right. Why don't you gentlemen keep me apprised?
UNK: Yeah.