UNK: Hi. I thought we agreed that you were leaving.
Castle : Well, I had a thought about the case.
Beckett : You're not on the case.
UNK: Actually, I was thinking about you.
Castle : I was wondering if I could buy you a drink.
Castle : It's the least I could do. I owe you that much.
Beckett : Right, well, I don't think that that would be a good...
UNK: And if you come, I will tell you why I killed Derrick Storm.
Castle : So, youngest woman to ever make captain.
Castle : That's impressive.
Beckett : It's not all that it's cracked up to be.
UNK: No? No.
Beckett : And if you really are basing a character on me,
UNK: then she's gonna be boring.
Castle : Oh, I doubt you could ever be boring.
Beckett : Well, my life mostly consists of paperwork and politics.
Castle : Ah, you miss the streets.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Truthfully, I don't think that I was meant to be a homicide detective.
Castle : Why would you say that?
Beckett : Because the case that made me wanna be a cop,
Beckett : I was never able to solve.
Beckett : Anyway, back to you.
Beckett : Why did you kill off Derrick Storm?
UNK: Ah.
Castle : It's complicated.
Beckett : Wait. What is this place? I thought this was a date.
Castle : Okay, hang on. Hear me out.
Beckett : You're still working the case?
Castle : Listen, the crimson rhino is the mascot for an Australian rugby team.
Castle : If our suspect has it tattooed on his neck,
UNK: he's gotta be a major fan.
Castle : I looked it up.
Castle : There's only one bar in New York that plays their games live.
Castle : And there's one on right now.
Beckett : I knew this was a mistake.
Castle : Beckett, wait.
Beckett : It's him.
Beckett : Stay here.
UNK: Excuse me. NYPD.
Beckett : Step away from the bar
Beckett : and put your hands where I can see 'em.
UNK: Tattooed Man : Sure thing. Hey!
Castle : We make a pretty good team, you and I.
UNK: Well? What did he say?
Beckett : Nothing, on the advice of his high-powered counsel.
Castle : Okay, so what's our next move?
Beckett : There is no next move.
Beckett : You asked to stick around until this case was resolved.
Beckett : It's resolved. How is it resolved?
Beckett : Detectives Ryan and Esposito found the G-Wagen
Beckett : and the murder weapons at our suspect's place.
UNK: This is open-and-shut.
Castle : What about the artifact? We need to find it.
Beckett : Whoever had them steal it, it and they are long gone by now.
Castle : Someone has to know where it is.
Castle : There's the other shooter.
Beckett : Okay. But we have no way to find him.
UNK: Look, the DA is gonna ask for a plea deal.
Beckett : But trust me, this suspect's ex-military, he's not gonna roll.
Castle : So that's it?
Beckett : This isn't one of your books, Mr. Castle.
UNK: We don't always get the answers.
Beckett : We cleared the case. It's a win.
Castle : No, you know, that can't be it.
Castle : The Kate Beckett in my world would never call this a win.
Castle : The Kate Beckett where I come from,
Castle : she would be unrelenting in the face of anything that's thrown in her path.
Castle : She would find the truth.
Castle : And she would never compromise.
UNK: I don't know what twilight-zone world you think you come from,
Beckett : but you don't know me. And don't pretend you do.
UNK: Goodbye, Mr. Castle.
Beckett : We're done here.
UNK: Hey!
Castle : You're still up?
Alexis : Still on LA time.
UNK: Right.
Alexis : So, did you find your mystic meteor?
Castle : No. No, um...
Castle : Trail went cold.
Alexis : Guess you're stuck here with us then.
UNK: Come, come sit with me.
Castle : Come on, just give me a chance. Just, um...
Castle : For old times' sake.
Castle : I have a question for you,
Castle : and I would love a non-ironic answer.
UNK: What happened between us? Why did you move to LA?
Alexis : You know why. Uh...
Castle : Tell me again.
Alexis : Because you gave up.
Alexis : You read all those terrible reviews on your magnum opus
Alexis : and you couldn't move past it,
Alexis : and I couldn't stick around and watch.