Chelsea : Hey, Richie.
UNK: I used your hidden key like you said.
Castle : Who are you?
Chelsea : Oh, is that what we're playing?
UNK: Okay. Oh!
Chelsea : I saw you at the bus stop, mister, and I followed you home.
Castle : Okay, obviously we know each other... "Chelsea"?
Chelsea : Oh, it was the funnest two weeks of my life.
UNK: Okay... I really can't do this.
Chelsea : Sure you can, sure you can.
UNK: I got a couple little blue pills in my purse.
UNK: Oh, no, no. I mean, no, I just... I...
UNK: I have to get back to work.
Castle : Look, you seem like a lovely, young... Mmm.
Castle : ...young woman.
UNK: But I think you should go.
UNK: Seriously?
Chelsea : Writers are so strange.
Man : It was like suddenly
Man : I walked through a doorway where I knew everyone.
UNK: But everything was different.
Man : My wife was married to another man.
Woman : I came back home and my parents didn't recognize me.
Woman : They didn't know me.
Martha : Well, good morning, darling.
Martha : Are you feeling better today? Much.
Castle : Because I know what's going on. I know why I'm here.
Castle : It's this.
UNK: "Swiss archeological team
UNK: "discovers ancient Incan artifact"?
Castle : Not just any artifact.
Castle : Given its markings, some mystics believe
Castle : that it's connected to the Incan "Gateway to the Gods,"
Castle : a doorway through which shamans
Castle : were known to travel into other realms.
Alexis : Dad, I was joking.
Alexis : Please don't tell me you believe this.
Castle : Alexis, I was holding this.
UNK: And right at that moment, as the grenade was rolling between us,
Castle : I was thinking maybe I wasn't good for her.
Castle : Maybe Beckett would be happier if we had never met.
Castle : That's what changed.
Castle : That's where I am! In a world where we never met.
Castle : It's like the last six years didn't happen.
UNK: Who... Who's Beckett?
Castle : Exactly. You don't know who she is because she and I never met.
Castle : So I didn't write Nikki Heat,
UNK: I wrote that god-awful piece of trash instead.
Castle : And with less money coming in,
Castle : you were forced to go out and be successful.
Martha : I found success because of my boundless talent.
Castle : And somehow we drifted apart. Somehow?
Castle : I'm not crazy. This is not my world. I need to get back home.
Martha : How do you intend to do that?
Castle : By helping this world's Beckett find that artifact.
Castle : So I can get back to my reality.
Alexis : This is why I live with Mom.
Castle : So, you're a fan.
Castle : And here I thought you didn't know me.
UNK: Yeah, I don't. I mean, I didn't. I...
Woman : Didn't recognize me in my deranged state?
UNK: Listen... I have to apologize.
Castle : How I acted, you must have thought I was crazy.
Beckett : Well, yeah. That's because you were.
Castle : Yeah. It's this new book I've been working on.
Castle : I have been working non-stop.
Castle : I mean, I have been drinking coffee, popping NoDoz.
Castle : I haven't slept in days.
Castle : And to make matters worse, the new character,
Castle : I kind of based her on you.
Castle : What I've read about you.
Castle : So, she's savvy and smart and driven,
Castle : and I have fallen in love with her.
UNK: I mean, I eat with her, I sleep with her.
Castle : But I know you are not her.
Beckett : You know, none of this explains
Beckett : how you know so much about the crime scene.
Castle : I have a police scanner, and I was tracking the investigation.
Castle : Actually, that's why I'm here, Captain.
Castle : I know what was in the briefcase,
Castle : I know where it's going, and I think I know who took it.
Beckett : And how do you know all that?
Castle : It's complicated, but I do.
Ryan : Hey, Cap.
Ryan : What's he doing here? I'm not sure.