Ryan : You were robbed of that third Tony.
Martha : Oh, well.
UNK: Mother? Richard!
Martha : Darling, you look like hell.
Castle : Thank God. You know me.
UNK: No, don't, please. Darling, you're filthy.
Esposito : You're lucky your mommy could alibi you out for the murder.
UNK: Oh, he only kills on paper.
Martha : And I'll have you know that coming down to the police station
Martha : to get my grown son out of prison
Martha : is the last thing I have time for.
Martha : You know full well we open in two days.
Castle : We open what?
UNK: Mame!
Martha : My revival of Auntie Mame.
Martha : Exactly how hard did you party last night?
Castle : Apparently, very, very hard.
Castle : Oh, that can't be good.
Martha : Come on, kiddo. Come on. Oh, dear.
Martha : Don't worry, darling. Once you're home, you'll feel much better.
Castle : Oh, my God, Mother!
Castle : What have you done with my place?
Martha : Oh, Richard, we have talked about this.
Martha : Now that we share the mortgage, it is our place.
Martha : And since you have lost most of your life savings...
UNK: Whoa! Lost my savings? How?
Martha : You invested poorly. Mostly blondes and racehorses.
Martha : And it's not as if your great American novel here
UNK: is flying off the shelves.
UNK: "Finite Laughter"?
Castle : I did not write this. This...
UNK: "Babcock was a small man.
UNK: "A small man with large dreams,
UNK: "and one of those dreams was Betty."
Castle : This is awful!
Martha : Exactly what the critics said.
Martha : But I am pleased to see that distance
Martha : has given you some perspective. Good.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Oh, hey, Dad.
UNK: Hey.
Alexis : I see you made bail.
Castle : Alexis, your hair! When did you do that?
UNK: Uh, three years ago. Before I moved to LA.
UNK: LA?
Martha : Richard, don't start. Alexis is here for a few days.
Martha : She's taking time off from saving the world
Martha : to come to my opening night.
Castle : Okay. Okay, that's it.
Castle : That's it. I'm done.
Alexis : Gram, is he okay?
Martha : He had a rough night.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Whatever all of this is,
Castle : a coma, a dream,
Castle : some weird hallucination,
Castle : or even just an undigested bit of pizza...
Castle : I'm ending it.
Castle : It's time to wake up.
Castle : I don't understand.
Castle : I've never had a dream like this before. Why aren't I waking up?
Alexis : Maybe it's not a dream.
Alexis : Maybe you traveled into some alternate universe.
Martha : Oh, Alexis, don't tease your father.
UNK: Darling, maybe you'd just better lie down.
Castle : Yeah. Maybe I should.