Beckett : but it's starting to look like he didn't. He's got an alibi.
Esposito : I don't believe it.
Ryan : Affidavits from six bar patrons
Ryan : all stating that Shane was there between 11 : 00 and midnight.
Esposito : Well, he practically runs the place.
Esposito : So the patrons will say what he tells them.
Beckett : So CSU just confirmed
Beckett : that his car was too burned for them to match the fibers or pull forensics.
Beckett : So we can't even prove that he transported the vic's body.
Ryan : We also can't tie the murder weapon to him either.
Ryan : According to her assistant, Paul,
Ryan : Holly used to carry around a.380 pistol for protection.
UNK: She might've been killed with her own gun.
Castle : Here's something that doesn't add up, Tyrese Wilton's phone.
Castle : Why would Shane tell Joey to steal a phone worth a couple hundred bucks?
Castle : Especially when there had to be so much bling at that party.
UNK: Dude, nobody says "bling" anymore. Try "shine."
UNK: There's something else that doesn't add up.
Ryan : All the guests were contacted
Ryan : and asked if they were missing any personal items.
Ryan : They all said no. So...
Beckett : Why didn't Tyrese Wilton mention that his phone was gone?
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Check this out. Yang Dynasty.
Ryan : Could explain the peanut oil on Holly's clothes.
Esposito : There's blood spatter on the wall.
Ryan : Looks like we found our crime scene.
Esposito : Yep. And it's right at Tyrese's doorstep.
Tyrese : Are you saying that Holly was killed just outside my studio?
Esposito : That's right.
Esposito : So why don't you tell us what she was doing here?
Tyrese : How the hell should I know?
UNK: Hmm. Then maybe you can tell us what you were doing
UNK: between 11 : 00 and midnight the night of the party.
Tyrese : I was at the party.
UNK: I stayed there till just after 1 : 00. You can check.
Esposito : You were also asked if any of your stuff went missing the night of the party.
Esposito : You didn't mention your phone.
Tyrese : Because my phone wasn't missing.
Esposito : You don't have to lie to me, Tyrese. I talked to the kid who stole it.
Tyrese : I mean, it was missing for an hour or two but then it turned up. See?
Tyrese : I found it in the bathroom at the end of the night.
Ryan : If Joey stole the phone, how'd it end up back at the party?
Esposito : Whoever brought that back didn't want it missed.
Esposito : Based on Shane's MO,
Esposito : he was after something valuable, something he could sell.
Esposito : Yo, Tyrese, what's on that phone?
Esposito : Financial info? Pictures? Valuable data?
Tyrese : Only one thing that really matters. I use this phone as an E-key.
Tyrese : An E-key?
Tyrese : An electronic key. It opens up this studio.
Ryan : Did Holly know that?
Tyrese : Yeah, I mentioned it to her when I discovered it was gone.