UNK: Yeah. Look, man, I know you didn't have to do this.
Joey : Take me in, I mean. So, uh, thanks.
UNK: I'm gonna go grab you a blanket, a pillow.
Joey : Hey, at least you didn't skimp out on the audio visual budget.
Esposito : You know that's right.
UNK: Oh, and I got Assassin's Creed III.
Esposito : So go ahead and knock yourself out.
UNK: Oh, and, uh, put it on dual player mode so I can come back and school you.
UNK: Twenty bucks says you won't make it past level one.
UNK: What... You're crazy.
Esposito : Sit down.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Care to explain?
Esposito : What? The handcuffs?
Ryan : No, no, the stylish shoes that you're wearing. Yes, the handcuffs.
Esposito : Well, junior here tried to pull a Houdini on me last night.
UNK: - Who the hell's Houdini? - Shut up.
Ryan : - Out the window? - Yeah.
Ryan : Down the fire escape?
UNK: Yeah. And then onto a moving garbage truck.
Esposito : Then on a skateboard for five blocks,
UNK: which took him all the way to the L train.
Ryan : - How'd you keep up? - He didn't.
UNK: Shut up. What the... Give me that.
UNK: I commandeered this dude's bicycle. And then he lost me in the subway.
Esposito : But then I caught him at the next stop.
Esposito : Kid's wily. But I'm wilier.
Ryan : Wow. Just like The French Connection.
Beckett : In the meantime, CSU was able to ID those fibers
Ryan : found on the tarp that Holly's body was wrapped in.
Esposito : - Where are they from? - Germany.
Ryan : Based on the chemical composition and color,
Ryan : they're fibers from carpeting
Ryan : used by a high-end European car manufacturer
Ryan : to line their vehicles' trunks.
UNK: Well, now we know how Holly's body ended up in the construction site.
Ryan : CSU narrowed it down to a model 2010 to 2012 X5.
Ryan : I'll canvass around the construction site,
Ryan : see if anyone saw a car like that hanging around the dumpster.
Beckett : So we pulled Joey's juvie files from the Central Clerk's Office.
Castle : Theory being whoever he's involved with might be in there somewhere.
Beckett : Unless he gave you a name?
UNK: Uh...
Esposito : No. Not exactly.
Beckett : Look, we find out who Joey got mixed up with, we find our killer.
Beckett : There's gotta be something in these files that points to him.
Esposito : Looks like he got his first taste with a B and E when he was 11 years old.
Beckett : Graduated to burglary when he was 12,
UNK: broke into a mom-and-pop corner store along with an unidentified adult male.
Castle : Maybe he's the one we're looking for.
Esposito : No, we're not looking for someone who he was busted with.
Esposito : This guy's smart enough to stay above it all.
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : Two months ago, someone named Shane Winters bailed him out
Esposito : after he was picked up on a shoplifting charge.
Beckett : Shane Winters? I remember that name.
Beckett : When Holly Rhodes, our victim, was 17, she was busted on a grand theft charge.
Beckett : And check out who posted bail.
Esposito : Shane Winters.
Castle : That's our guy.
Esposito : Shane Winters.
Esposito : Trafficking, grand theft, assault with a deadly weapon, extortion.
Esposito : This dude's dabbled in everything.
Beckett : So when Holly was a troubled teen,
UNK: she must've worked for Shane just like Joey is.
Castle : But then she cleaned herself up, got out of the life.
UNK: Then when Shane figured out what kind of access she had at the parties,
Esposito : he pulled her back in.
Beckett : That explains why Holly had to hire Joey as an assistant.
UNK: I just ran Shane Winters. Guess what he drives?
UNK: A 2010 X5.
Esposito : That would have the carpet fibers we found on the tarp.
Castle : Yeah, and a roomy trunk for all your body-moving needs.
Beckett : - We gotta bring him in. - We tried to.
UNK: Unis busted in his last known address. He's not there.
Joey : So what are you? Officer Babysitter?
Joey : You get paid extra for doing that?
Esposito : Where's Shane Winters?
Joey : Where's my soda?
UNK: L.T.
Esposito : You figure you're special to him, don't you?
Esposito : Well, you're not.
Joey : Man, you don't get it.
Joey : I'm not giving him up.
Esposito : You know how much time keeping your mouth shut
UNK: is gonna buy you with Shane?
UNK: Hmm?
Esposito : As long as it takes him to pull his gun and shoot you with it.
UNK: And then he's just gonna move on to the next lost kid.
Esposito : Don't let it end that way, Joey.
Esposito : Just tell me where I can find him.
Joey : I'm not a rat.
Beckett : Any luck?