Tyrese : She was thrilled.
Tyrese : Said a break like this was what she'd been working for.
Tyrese : She was supposed to call me today.
Esposito : You have any idea why she rushed out of that party early?
UNK: No. It could've had something to do with that fight though.
Esposito : What fight?
Tyrese : You heard of MC Thug?
Epsosito : MC Thug? Yeah, the rapper. Been shot, like, seven times, right?
Tyrese : That's the one.
Tyrese : Now on Holly's first break, he walked over to her booth,
Tyrese : starts talking to her real low and angry.
Tyrese : I could see she was getting upset, tried to push him away.
UNK: Then he grabbed her wrist and said, "Next time it's gonna end different."
Tyrese : Then he saw me coming and bounced.
UNK: I was gonna talk to her about it,
Tyrese : but, you know, I got caught up with some folks.
UNK: The next thing I knew, she was gone.
UNK: This MC Thug, did you see him at the party anymore after Holly left?
Tyrese : No. In fact, I didn't see him the rest of the night.
UNK: So if you can just make it out to Jenny and Kev.
Ryan : It's short for Kevin.
Esposito : Hey, fanboy. Let's go.
Ryan : Thank you so much.
UNK: She's gonna die when she sees this. Thank you. Nice to meet you.
UNK: MC Thug, aka Darius Carson.
Esposito : His rap sheet includes assault with a deadly weapon
Esposito : and attempted murder.
Esposito : And that was just at this year's Hip Hop Music Awards.
Beckett : How did Holly wind up in the sights of a guy like that?
Ryan : Well, whatever was going on between them happened way before that party.
UNK: The guy who was pounding on Holly's door, threatening her?
UNK: Sketch just came in from the neighbor.
Ryan : Look familiar?
Esposito : Darius Carson...
UNK: Nobody calls me Darius unless you my mama.
UNK: Darius Carson : And by the looks of that body, you ain't.
Esposito : Yeah, well, I'm sure your mama's so proud.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So, Darius, according to Regina Cane's party planner,
Beckett : you weren't on the original guest list until
Beckett : you made a last minute phone call to get in the party.
Carson : I'm a fan of her music. That a crime?
Castle : No, but murder is.
Carson : I know you ain't a cop with that fancy shirt and poofy hair.
Beckett : He might not be, but I am.
Beckett : Are you sure you went to the party to see Regina?
Carson : Yeah, I'm real sure. Why?
UNK: We know that you visited DJ Beat's apartment before the party,
Beckett : we know that you fought with her that night, and then she turned up dead.
Carson : I had nothing to do with that mess.
Beckett : Yeah, but you had something to do with her.
Carson : Damn straight. I wanted my girl's bracelet back.
Castle : Who had your girl's bracelet?
Carson : I threw a party at my crib last week. I hired DJ Beat to spin.
Carson : The next day, my girl, Dakota, realized her diamond bracelet is missing.
UNK: Now, that bitch and her little bitch of an assistant
Carson : were the only ones there I couldn't vouch for.
UNK: The bitch had an assistant bitch?
Carson : Yeah, the little punk that works for her.
UNK: So then you tracked her down to the party,
Beckett : and when she ran, you followed her and you killed her.
Carson : No, I told her she had a day to cough it up, or else.
Castle : Or else, what?
UNK: "Or else" is usually enough.
Beckett : Where were you between 11 : 00 and midnight?
UNK: Upstairs, with my girl.
UNK: Dakota?
UNK: Different girl. Kaiya.
UNK: All right, well, I'm gonna have to hold you while we look into that.
Carson : Good. That helps my street cred.
UNK: You guys gonna do a mug shot, right?