UNK: A robbery and murder?
Castle : Maybe Monster wasn't such a bad nickname after all.
Beckett : You know what? I'm not so sure about that.
Beckett : He expected the conversation about the stealing,
Beckett : but when I accused him of murdering Holly, that threw him.
Ryan : And I think I know why. Joey's alibi checks out.
Beckett : Seriously? He was at TV King?
Ryan : The assistant manager sometimes
Ryan : lets him play video games up on the big screen.
Ryan : And that's where Joey was during Holly's time of death.
Castle : Well, then, if he didn't kill Holly, then who did?
Esposito : The brains behind this operation, that's who.
Esposito : A kid like Joey goes from smash-and-grabs
UNK: to stealing a half a mill in jewelry? I don't think so.
Esposito : Someone put him up to this.
UNK: Yeah, it makes sense.
UNK: Sometimes savvy criminals use minors to do their dirty work.
Castle : Of course!
Castle : A Fagin to Joey's Oliver Twist.
Ryan : And if Holly's involved, that makes her the Artful Dodger. Or the Artful DJ.
Castle : Ooh, nicely played.
Beckett : And that would explain why we never found the stolen loot
Beckett : in Holly or Joey's apartments. Fagin has it.
Ryan : That gives him motive to get rid of Holly if she ever gave him any trouble.
Esposito : Well, if we're right, then Joey knows who our killer is.
Esposito : I get this kid. Let me get a crack at him.
UNK: Hey, where's the super-hot detective?
UNK: Oh, you're looking at him.
Esposito : Don't laugh. I was featured in the NYPD calendar.
UNK: I bet that was a big seller.
Joey : So, uh, you must be the good cop.
UNK: Oh, I don't know about that. But I could be your ticket out of this.
Esposito : - Yeah? - Mmm-hmm.
Joey : How's that work?
Esposito : We know you didn't kill Holly.
Esposito : - All you did was lift a bunch of jewelry. - Man, I did...
Esposito : Just save it. We don't care about the jewelry.
Esposito : We can take those charges off the table.
Esposito : All we want is the guy who put you up to it.
Joey : I don't even know who you're talking about.
UNK: Joey, come... I just gave you the winning lottery ticket.
Esposito : Now the right move here is to cash that in, not tear it up.
Joey : I bet this is the part where you tell me
Joey : I don't know the seriousness of my situation.
UNK: How unless I tell you everything I know, you can't help me.
Joey : And then you'll lean in close, like you care about me,
UNK: and like you're my friend,
Joey : and you'll make promises you'll never keep.
Esposito : I keep all my promises, bro.
Joey : That's what everybody says.
UNK: This is a limited-time offer, Joey.
Joey : Not interested.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : I want you to take a look at this.
Esposito : This is how Holly ended up.
Esposito : Shot. Tossed in the garbage.
UNK: Now, you think she deserved that? Hmm?
Esposito : Oh, what?
UNK: No smart-ass comeback now, huh?
UNK: You worked with this woman. You knew her.
UNK: The same guy who has you stealing jewelry did this to Holly.
Esposito : He uses kids like you.
Esposito : And then he just gets to walk away
Esposito : while you have to sit in here and answer all my questions.
Esposito : You know what you are to him right now?
Esposito : You're a loose end.
Esposito : So take a hard look.
Esposito : Because this is your future.
Esposito : This is you.
Joey : You're wrong.
Joey : He won't hurt me.
Esposito : He won't. Not once we stop him.
Esposito : All I need is his name, Joey.
Joey : I still don't know who you're talking about.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : I've been Joey's case worker since his parents died.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Needless to say, it hasn't been smooth sailing,
UNK: Ms. Cooper : but I can't imagine he'd do anything like this.
Beckett : Well, we think that the thefts were someone else's idea.
Esposito : Do you know of anyone in his life who might've drawn him into this?
UNK: Ms. Cooper : No, but it wouldn't surprise me if there was someone.