Esposito : He'd go into these fancy parties
Esposito : and he'd walk right out the front door
UNK: with a half a million in high-end jewelry.
Esposito : And your hands would stay clean.
UNK: Well, you are right about that part, at least.
Winters : My hands are clean.
Esposito : But then something went wrong
UNK: - at this last party. - Hmm.
Esposito : I mean, maybe Holly pushed back,
Esposito : or maybe she wanted you out of her life once and for all.
Ryan : But she knew too much. So she had to go.
Winters : Look, all I hear you guys saying
UNK: is a whole lot of stuff that you can't prove.
Esposito : Well, we can prove her body was in your trunk.
UNK: Fibers stuck to the tarp that Holly was wrapped in matched your X5.
Esposito : We're impounding it right now.
Winters : Well, then I guess you guys didn't hear about it.
Winters : About the little problem I had with my vehicle this morning.
Winters : You see, I got a little careless.
Winters : I was lighting a cigarette,
UNK: and next thing I know, whole car catches on fire.
Winters : Inside, outside, the carpet, whole thing burned to a crisp.
Winters : I hate to tell you, but there's probably not a fiber left to match.
Winters : Crazy how things happen sometimes, huh?
Winters : So, again,
UNK: whole lot of noise that you can't prove.
Winters : That being said,
Winters : I'd like my lawyer.
Esposito : I need a minute alone.
Esposito : You tipped off Shane.
Esposito : After you bolted last night, you called him,
Esposito : warned him that he was a suspect.
UNK: Which gave him a chance to torch his car,
Esposito : cover up his role in Holly's death.
Esposito : Congratulations, Joey. You helped him get away with murder.
Esposito : Now I'd beat your skinny little ass for being so stupid,
Esposito : if it'd change anything.
Esposito : But it won't because, well, you're so loyal.
Esposito : Now, let's see how Shane returns the favor.
UNK: Look, I can see that you're a little slow,
Winters : But I just said I want my lawyer.
Esposito : This is about the thefts.