Beckett : that you both worked.
UNK: Oh, and so because of her history, it's got to be her?
Paul : Music saved her. She was done with that life.
Castle : And what about you?
Castle : According to Holly's agency,
Castle : you were responsible for setting up and breaking down the equipment.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So you never broke it down last night.
UNK: You left the party, never came back, same as Holly.
Beckett : Only you're still alive and she's dead.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Last night? I wasn't even there last night.
Beckett : Paul, don't lie. She's got you listed on her invoice.
UNK: Yeah, I know.
Paul : A few times this past year she'd call me up last minute
Paul : to say she was using another guy.
Paul : It was, like, her cousin or something and he needed the work.
UNK: I know she felt bad about it 'cause she still offered to pay me anyway.
UNK: I was at a birthday dinner last night. I have witnesses...
Castle : Which of these parties did the other guy work?
Paul : This one, this one, here,
UNK: this one, this one, this one and that one.
Castle : The same ones that reported robberies.
Ryan : So far, only one witness, a caterer,
Ryan : remembers seeing a guy setting up Holly's equipment last night,
Ryan : and she only saw him from behind and he was wearing a hoodie.
Ryan : So we reached out to other party guests
UNK: to see if we can get a better description.
Beckett : So was anything stolen from the party last night?
Ryan : No. We asked everyone
Ryan : and so far no one's reported anything missing.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : So unis searched Holly's apartment again.
Esposito : There's no sign of the stolen goods
Esposito : and there's no influx of cash into her account.
Esposito : So if she was making money off this thing, there's no evidence of it.
Castle : What if this mystery assistant is the one behind it all?
Castle : I mean, think about it.
Castle : He forces Holly to get him into these parties.
Castle : While she's busy spinning,
Castle : he's free to walk around these fancy apartments.
Castle : And since he's hired help, nobody pays him any attention.
Castle : It's candy from a baby.
Esposito : But when MC Thug confronted Holly, she got scared.
Esposito : So she threatened to blow the whistle on the assistant.
Beckett : Well, that would certainly give him motive for murder.
Ryan : But with Paul's name on the invoice, there's no record of him.
UNK: How are we gonna find him?
Castle : He helped set up that equipment last night, right?
Castle : His fingerprints would be on it.
Beckett : Get CSU on it.
Castle : Ooh, grunt work. I'll come back later.
UNK: - As long as you leave the coffee. - What'd you find?
Beckett : Holly's phone records.
UNK: She received calls from a pay phone in Washington Heights
UNK: the same days that she was booked for the parties
Beckett : where the thefts happened.
Castle : Well, maybe it's her mystery assistant calling for details.
Beckett : Holly grew up in the Heights,
Beckett : so it might be someone from the old neighborhood.
Beckett : But it doesn't bring us any closer to finding him.
Esposito : Doesn't need to.
Esposito : CSU matched a print on that equipment
Esposito : to one Joey Malone, street name "Monster."
Esposito : He's got a list of priors a mile long.
Esposito : Unis took him down in Washington Heights.
UNK: He's in the box. Come take a look.
Castle : Monster? Now that sounds like the kind of ganged-up thug
Castle : that would shoot you dead and leave you in a dumpster someplace.
UNK: Probably half-man, half-mountain, full of prison tats.
Castle : Or is he quietly dangerous?
UNK: You know, like Javier Bardem in any movie where he's got weird hair.
UNK: Just take a look for yourself.
UNK: Behold,
UNK: Monster.
Castle : More like Cookie Monster.
Beckett : So what do we know about this kid?
Esposito : Well, he's not related to Holly, for one.
Esposito : His father died of a drug overdose when he was seven.
Esposito : His mom committed suicide a couple of years ago.
Esposito : His uncle, Martin Decker, is the one who took over guardianship.
Beckett : Where's his uncle now?
Esposito : He's not at home. I notified Social Services
Esposito : thinking they might know how to reach him.
UNK: You said that he had priors?
Esposito : Yeah, he was busted for breaking and entering, burglary, resisting arrest.
Beckett : Now he's moved up to the big leagues.
Esposito : So, uh, what's the plan here?
Beckett : I'm gonna go in alone so he doesn't feel outnumbered.
UNK: See what he's made out of.
Castle : He's 14. It's hard to believe he's capable of something like this.
Esposito : Not in his world, it isn't.
Beckett : Hi, Joey. I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: Joey Malone : A major hottie is what you are.
Beckett : Okay, now that we've got that cleared up,
Beckett : I need to ask you a few questions.
Joey : You need permission from my guardian.
Joey : Last time I checked, I'm a minor.
Beckett : Well, we're making our best effort to get a hold of your uncle.
Beckett : In the meantime, NYPD policy allows me to talk to you.