Tyrese : I went to text her my number but I had to write it on her hand instead.
Ryan : That's why Holly was here.
Ryan : She realized that Shane stole the phone
UNK: because he was gonna rip the studio off.
Esposito : She couldn't let that happen.
Esposito : Not with Tyrese here about to give her her big break.
Ryan : Right, so she races over here to confront Shane,
Ryan : to stop him before he ripped you off.
Tyrese : Looks like she did, because nothing's missing.
Beckett : - You sure? - Positive.
UNK: I got over two mill in equipment here
UNK: and nothing is...
Tyrese : Oh, God.
Reporter : - What? - The recordings.
Tyrese : If someone got their hands on an unreleased album...
Esposito : It'd be worth a fortune.
Tyrese : Not to mention tanking our record sales if it leaked online.
Castle : Oh, no.
UNK: Josie Lang's album was accessed at 11 : 45 the night of the party.
UNK: Someone downloaded the masters.
Esposito : - Shane. - Yeah.
Beckett : Look, I'm telling you, Shane's alibi is rock-solid.
Esposito : How is that even possible?
Beckett : We interviewed everyone in the bar.
Beckett : We even talked to the cabbies outside,
Beckett : and everyone said that he left around midnight.
Esposito : Why would he torch his car if he didn't use it to dump her body?
UNK: He might've dumped the body,
Beckett : but our timeline says that he did not kill her.
UNK: Man.
UNK: Wait a minute, wait a minute.
UNK: We gotta be missing something here. So let's just go over it again.
UNK: We know that Joey handed Shane that phone around 11 : 00.
UNK: And we know that Josie's album was downloaded at 11 : 45.
UNK: Holly was murdered sometime between 11 : 00 and midnight.
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : The key to this whole thing is that phone.
Castle : We're assuming that Shane was the one
UNK: who used it to break into the studio.
Esposito : Because he's the one that Joey gave the phone to.
UNK: Right. But witnesses place him at the bar 11 : 30 to midnight.
UNK: The album was downloaded at the studio at 11 : 45.
UNK: - It had to be someone else. - Like who?
UNK: Well, it had to be someone from the party.
Beckett : So, then whoever broke into the studio
UNK: must've returned the phone to the party
Beckett : so that Tyrese wouldn't realize that it was even taken.
Castle : All we have to do is figure out which one of the guests
Castle : had something to gain from stealing Josie's album.
UNK: One, two, here's a point,
UNK: five, six, seven, eight.
UNK: Dance Instructor : Rock one, two, three, four, step. Nice. Good.
UNK: Dance Instructor : Point again.
UNK: Hi!
Regina : Did you guys not get the guest list that we sent over?
UNK: Yeah, we did.
Beckett : We just need to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about your schedule the night of the party.
Regina : Yeah, sure.
Beckett : So according to your party planner,
UNK: you excused yourself at 11 : 00 to do a costume change
Beckett : for a performance of a track from your new album. Is that correct?
Regina : That sounds about right.
Regina : But I just go where they tell me to. You know how it is.
Castle : Only, your planner told us that you insisted on having a full hour.
Regina : Have you ever tried changing into skin-tight leather pants?
Regina : It's time consuming.
Regina : Why? What's the point?
Beckett : Well, that hour gave you enough time to get to Tyrese Wilton's studio,
Beckett : download Josie's new album
Beckett : and get back to the party to perform your song.
Regina : Are you insane? Why would I do anything like that?
Castle : Because your album sales have been sagging for years.
UNK: Lf your album didn't perform,
UNK: your record label was gonna drop you.
Regina : I've been with Harmony 360 for 10 years. They love me.