UNK: Richard Castle : Are you kidding? No, that's the rules.
UNK: Richard Castle : You absolutely lose your turn. Ask him. Zito!
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ask me what?
Castle : In a relationship, if you choose a movie,
Castle : and you choose very, very poorly, do you lose your turn?
Esposito : - How poorly? - Valentine's Day.
Esposito : You should lose two turns.
Reporter : - What? - Yeah, I'm just saying.
Castle : - Those are the rules. - Those are the rules.
Beckett : That's ridiculous.
Esposito : So, the body was found in this dumpster over here
Esposito : by a homeless dude who was looking for cans.
Esposito : It was wrapped up in this tarp.
Beckett : - Cause? - GSWs.
UNK: As near as I can tell, she was shot at close range.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Minimal blood seepage and lack of spatter in the area
UNK: suggests she was killed elsewhere, then dumped here.
Castle : So someone was hoping she'd catch a ride with the morning haul,
Castle : disappear into some landfill.
Beckett : Any idea who she is?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Well, according to her ID, her name is Holly Rhodes.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : But her business card has her listed as DJ Beat.
UNK: I called the number
UNK: and her booking agent says that
UNK: Kevin Ryan : she was DJ-ing an album launch party in SoHo last night
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - for pop star Regina Cane. - What?
Esposito : Oh, dude, you remember that music video
Esposito : where she was dressed up as a sexy little Girl Scout?
UNK: Now, I don't care what those cookies cost, I would sell my left...
Ryan : Anyway, she was booked at the party till 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: - 1 : 00 a. M? - Yeah, why?
Lanie : I'm placing the time of death between 11 : 00 and midnight.
Castle : So whatever happened, happened at that party.
Beckett : This ink looks fresh.
Esposito : It's an unlisted number. I got a call in to the phone company.
Beckett : All right, you guys set up a canvass for anyone that saw the body dump.
Beckett : Castle and I'll head down to SoHo, see what happened last night.
UNK: Hey. Good morning.
Castle : Killer party.
UNK: Wow. Looks like Regina went all out to promote her new album.
Castle : I remember when Alexis used to play her big hit, Call Me Crazy,
Castle : over and over again.
Castle : Drove me crazy.
Castle : Of course, it was no Valentine's Day.
Beckett : Excuse me. NYPD. Where's the host?
Castle : Forget the host. Where's your pants?
UNK: Am I right? Nah, I've been there. Check by the pool.
UNK: Regina King : Wait. You're NY... What now?
UNK: PD. As in a detective. We're here about Holly Rhodes.
Regina : Who's Holly Rhodes?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : DJ Beat. She was your DJ for your party.
Regina : Oh! That skank.
UNK: That bitch almost ruined my entire party.
Regina : When I left to get ready for my performance,
Regina : she was supposed to stay and get the crowd pumped.
Regina : Instead, the music stopped and she was gone.
UNK: She didn't come back to get her equipment.
Beckett : So you're saying that she left early?
UNK: Yeah. Around 11 : 00 after jacking in a playlist.
Regina : I didn't pay for a playlist.
Regina : If you see her, tell her I want my money back.
Castle : That might be a little tough seeing as she's dead.
UNK: Lanie Parish : She was killed just after leaving your party.
Regina : Great. Now I feel bad for complaining.
Beckett : Did you notice any unusual behavior?
Beckett : Was she having problems with any of your other guests?
Regina : No. But then again, I was busy making my rounds.
UNK: Right. Okay, well, I'll need a guest list
Beckett : along with the names of everyone that was working last night.
Regina : No problem.
Regina : I'll have my publicist send it right over.
Ryan : So, I spoke with several of the other party guests
UNK: and they confirmed Regina's story. Apparently, Holly just suddenly left.
Castle : In the middle of her set? Why?
Beckett : Well, we answer that, we'll find out why she was killed.
Beckett : Anyone see where she went?
Ryan : No, and there's no security cameras.
Ryan : I'm seeing if I can pull tape from businesses across the street.
UNK: Did you get a hold of next of kin?
Ryan : No, she doesn't have any. Holly was an only child.
Ryan : Bounced around foster care till she was 18.
Castle : That can't have been an easy childhood.
Ryan : Probably why her hobbies as a teenager
Ryan : include burglary and shoplifting.
UNK: Then she graduated to grand theft.
Beckett : Anything more recent?
UNK: Not in the last seven years.
UNK: She must've cleaned up her act when she got serious about being a DJ.
UNK: Oh, and, hey, get this.
Ryan : The uniforms canvassing Holly's apartment building found a neighbor
Ryan : who saw a man pounding on Holly's door a few days ago.
Beckett : What was it about?
UNK: The neighbor heard him scream, "You won't get away with this."
Ryan : Either Holly wasn't home or she wouldn't answer the door,
Ryan : and eventually the guy took off.
Ryan : Neighbor's with a sketch artist as we speak.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : Yo, I got a hit on that phone number written on Holly's hand.
Esposito : It belongs to a Tyrese Wilton.
Esposito : Apparently, he's some big-time record producer.
Castle : He's on the guest list. He was at the party.
Beckett : You guys see what he knows.
Beckett : Castle, Lanie knows where our victim was killed.
Lanie : I noticed it when I was cutting her out of her clothes.
Lanie : Stains on her outfit.
Lanie : The lab identified it as peanut oil with high concentrations of MSG.
UNK: Meaning what?
Castle : She was eating Chinese food and spilled some on herself?
UNK: Except I checked her stomach contents.
Lanie : No Chinese, and they weren't serving any at the party either.
Lanie : So I checked with CSU.
Lanie : They said there was no trace of it in the dumpster,
Lanie : but it's all over the tarp. Meaning...
Beckett : She may have been killed at or near a Chinese restaurant.
Castle : Narrowing it down to every single block in Manhattan.
UNK: Uh, what about the gun?
UNK: Slug is from a.380, but there were no ballistic hits in the system.
Lanie : Oh, and when CSU processed the tarp and the clothes, they also found these.
Lanie : Synthetic fibers.
Lanie : They didn't come from the dumpster either.
Lanie : But the lab is still running tests. I'll keep you posted.
UNK: If Tyrese is so big time, why is the entrance to his studio in an alley?
Esposito : Because celebrities don't want paparazzi
Esposito : taking their picture all the time.
Esposito : - Yo. Did you just do the hair thing? - What hair thing?
Esposito : Every time you're about to meet a celebrity or a pretty girl,