Esposito : Whoa, whoa, whoa. He's not safe out there in the world right now.
Esposito : The guy that we're after killed a woman.
Esposito : He could do the same thing to Joey.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Then you can put him in protective custody in juvenile hall.
Esposito : I can't just throw him in juvie. I'm trying to gain his trust here.
Beckett : Ms. Cooper, this boy is the key to us solving a murder.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Well, I'm sorry, but those are the choices.
Esposito : What if I take him?
Esposito : That way he's not locked up but I can keep him safe.
Esposito : And I can continue to work on him.
Beckett : What about that?
UNK: I...
UNK: Ms. Cooper : I suppose I could delay his paperwork.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : But this would be for one night.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : And it means that Joey Malone is your responsibility.
UNK: It's cool. I got this.
Esposito : The kid doesn't have a father.
Esposito : He probably just needs someone to connect with.
Joey : I'd rather have a pajama party with the lady cop.
UNK: Yeah, well, looks like I drew the short straw. Literally.
Joey : Man, no wonder you're single.
Joey : No woman would spend time here unless it was against her will.
Esposito : Yeah, what about you, Martha Stewart?
UNK: What's your place supposed to be, shabby chic? Emphasis on shabby?
Joey : It's a dive. But it's not my fault.
Joey : My uncle would rather blow all of his money at the tables.
Esposito : Must be why he's too busy to call us back.
Joey : Don't wait by the phone.
Joey : He only cares about claiming me as a dependent.
UNK: My parents split up when I was five.
Esposito : Man, get your feet off my table.
Esposito : Dad moved to Florida with his new wife.
Esposito : Most I ever got after that was a phone call or a postcard.
UNK: - Postcard? - Yeah.
Joey : How old are you anyway?
UNK: Ancient.
Epsosito : But I'm young enough to remember what it was like.
UNK: You must miss your folks.
Joey : After my dad died, my mom kept going.
Joey : You know, she tried to pretend that we were still a normal family.
Joey : She did her best to take care of me,
UNK: until she couldn't do it anymore.
Epsosito : Now you take care of yourself.