UNK: Scared me out of wanting to live with him.
UNK: -I gotta show you something. -Okay.
Rachel : Oh, my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
UNK: The Barcalounger can go here.
UNK: You can see the TV, and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
UNK: Oh, that's so sweet.
Monica : I want to show you something too.
UNK: You know those big road signs that say "merge"?
UNK: I thought we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed.
UNK: Because that's you and I together.
UNK: "Merge!"
Monica : -I love that! -Really?
UNK: "No!"
Phoebe : I found you in my bed
UNK: How'd you wind up there?
Phoebe : You are a mystery
Phoebe : Little black curly hair
Phoebe : Little black, little black, little black
Phoebe : Little black curly hair
Phoebe : If you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows...
Phoebe : please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Ross : Where are the other guys?
UNK: Well, Monica and Chandler are occupied.
UNK: -Fighting? -The other thing.
UNK: It's great they worked things out.
UNK: There's no breaking them up, is there?
Rachel : Can I borrow the key to your house so I can go make a copy?
UNK: -Here. -Thank you.
UNK: Are you sure? Once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
UNK: Yeah, I'm sure. Now get out of here before I change my mind.
UNK: You think moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
UNK: I've been back and forth.
Joey : Well, maybe you should go back.
UNK: She moves in, and before you know it...
UNK: you're right where you don't want to be, back together.
UNK: I don't think so. She's already talking about dating other guys.
UNK: That's not going to work out. She'll come home all weepy...
UNK: and you'll be telling her, "Oh, that's okay. You'll find someone."
UNK: And then, bam! She finds you!
UNK: Maybe you're right.
Joey : Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again.
Joey : Is that what you want?
Ross : Is that what I want?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Here she comes. I'm gonna make your life much easier.
Rachel : The place was closed, so I'll copy it later.
Joey : Or not.
UNK: Why don't you move in with me?
Ross : Whoa, Joey!
UNK: Look, I know I scared you with that whole naked-Thursdays thing...
UNK: but we don't have to do that.
Rachel : It would be easier to move across the hall.
UNK: Unless you're thinking about naked Wednesdays.
UNK: Thursday's clearly not good for you. Pick a day!
UNK: Come on in. Thanks for coming back.
UNK: There's a lot of people interested in the room.
UNK: But I've narrowed it down, and you're one of the finalists.
UNK: -Great! -Before I decide...
UNK: I want to be sure our personalities match.
Joey : So I made up a little test.
UNK: I'll say a word, and you say the first thing that comes to mind.
UNK: The Potential Roommate : -I can do that. -Okay, here we go.
UNK: -Pillow. -Fight.
Ross : Very good.
UNK: "G."
UNK: -String? -Excellent!
UNK: Doggy.
UNK: -Kitten? -Sorry!
UNK: So close, though. Bye-bye!