UNK: We can do it against the door. It'll be hot!
UNK: It'll be like a three-way : You, me, and the door.
Stella : Yeah, but then it's just gonna be weird
Stella : Between me and the door tomorrow.
UNK: Barney he is at work, in the phone : I'm sorry.
Ted : We're waiting. It's cool.
Stella : You've been so patient, ted.
Stella : The truth is...
Stella : I'm kind of nervous.
Stella : I have a confession to make.
Ted : I was afraid of this.
Ted : You're 14.
Stella : No, um...
Stella : It's kind of embarrassing, but it's been a while
Stella : Since I was intimate with anyone.
Ted : Wow, it's funny that you say that.
Ted : Me, too.
Stella : Really?
UNK: How long's it been for you?
Stella : It's been a while.
Stella : Tell me.
Stella : Me, too!
Ted : It's been five months for you, too?
UNK: Five years?! Five years?! Five years?!
Ted : Wow.
Marshall : Stella hasn't had sex since 2003.
UNK: Let's put this in context.
UNK: The last time stella had sex, the movie, seabiscuit,
Marshall : Had just galloped into theaters... And our hearts.
Ted : Five years?
Lily : God, if I even went one year,
Lily : I would be out on the street selling it for a nickel.
UNK: The last time stella had sex,
Marshall : The world was just learning about sars.
Robin : Well, ted, what else did she say?
UNK: Did she give you any kind of explanation?
Stella : Look, after lucy was born, I dated a little,
Stella : But it was hard to find a guy I could trust enough.
Stella : Sooner or later, every one of them
Stella : Gave me a reason not to.
Ted : But nobody in five years?
Stella : Look, ted, guys regret the girls they didn't sleep with.
Stella : Girls regret the guys they do sleep with.
Stella : And for the past five years,
Stella : I've had no regrets.
Stella : Ted, you're staring at my boobs.
Ted : In my defense, they were staring at me.
Lily : So what does this mean for you?
UNK: Is she ever gonna want to get intimate?
Robin : Actually...
Stella : But the truth is, I really do
Stella : Want to do this with you.
Stella : I don't think I'd regret it at all.
Ted : Your pillow talk's a little rusty.
Stella : You know what I mean, ted. I'm ready.
Ted : That's great.
Ted : Like, "right now" ready?
Ted : So her sister's driving up to baby-sit lucy,
Ted : And we're getting a hotel room in the city Saturday night.
UNK: The last time stella had sex,
Marshall : The da vinci code had just come out.
UNK: Well, that doesn't seem like that long ago.
Marshall : Not the movie, the book.
Ted : Wow.
Ted : It's a lot of pressure, isn't it?
Lily : You know what? It's not.
Lily : This woman needs it bad.
Lily : Anything you do is going to be fireworks.
Lily : I remember my longest drought...
Lily : It was that summer I lived in san francisco.
Lily : I hadn't had been with marshall in two months and 19 days.
Lily : Oh, san francisco.
Ted : I don't know, lily, after five years,
Ted : Her expectations have gotta be pretty high.
UNK: Marshall watching on Internet : Notable deaths in 2003...
UNK: Marshall watching on Internet : Oh, my god... Nell carter.
UNK: Marshall watching on Internet : Did you guys know that nell carter had died?
UNK: I'm really gonna have to bring my a-game to satisfy this woman.
Robin : Yeah, it'll be pretty hard now that she's dead.
Ted : Not nell carter... Stella.
Marshall : Dude, relax.
Marshall : It's all about expectations management.
Marshall : Do you know why I hated jerry maguire so much?
Ted : Because you're dead inside?
UNK: No, because you built it up for, like, two weeks,
UNK: Saying it was the greatest movie ever.
UNK: With stella, do the opposite : Lower expectations.
Ted : Right, right, and then no matter what happens,
Ted : She'll be happy.
UNK: Marshall in the phone : Hey, buddy.
UNK: Marshall in the phone : I'm married, barney. I cannot be your new wingman.
Narrator : No.
Barney : Hey, randy.
UNK: Could you come in here for a minute?
Barney : Good news.
Barney : I'm calling you up to the majors.
Barney : Starting tomorrow night,