Narrator : Now, kids, the spring of 2008
Narrator : Was a complicated time in your old man's life.
Narrator : The last time I had seen barney was shortly after I found out
UNK: He had spent the night with robin.
UNK: Are you saying you don't want to be bros anymore?
UNK: I'm saying I don't want to be friends anymore.
Ted : It's barney.
Ted : Dude, seriously, you need to stop calling me.
UNK: Barney he is at work, in the phone : Ted, I'm sorry I haven't returned your calls.
Ted : Yeah, I never called you.
UNK: You called me 15 times and my parents twice.
Barney : I'm sorry. I gotta let you go.
UNK: There's just too many good wingmen out there.
Barney : Ted, are you crying?
Ted : No, I'm not.
UNK: Shh, let it out. Let it out.
UNK: Shh, let it out. Good-bye, barney.
Lily : So, are you two back together?
Narrator : No.
Marshall : I miss barney.
UNK: I haven't high-fived anyone in, like, a week.
Marshall : I think I might be starting to lose my fist bump callus.
Robin : Let me ask you something, ted.
Robin : Why are you so much madder at barney than me?
UNK: Yeah, she had just as much sex with barney
Lily : As barney had with her.
Robin : You know what? I'm not sure that's true.
UNK: And I think I'd actually prefer it
UNK: If you were mad at me; this is too weird.
Ted : I'm not mad at anybody.
UNK: I-I've forgiven you,
Ted : And I've outgrown barney as a friend.
UNK: It's that simple.
UNK: I'll tell you why he's not mad.
UNK: It's 'cause he's so happy with stella.
Narrator : She was right.
Narrator : Stella and I had been dating for two months,
Narrator : And things were going really well.
UNK: She had met my friends and passed with flying colors.
Narrator : There was just one little problem.
UNK: You guys haven't had sex yet?!
Lily : When marshall and I were two months in,
Lily : We were doing it 24/7.
Ted : I know, I was in the top bunk.
UNK: I also sat next to you guys at football games.
UNK: So what are you guys waiting for?
Ted : I think she wants to make sure we're serious first.
Ted : That's why she hasn't introduced me to her daughter, either.
Ted : She wants to take things slow.
UNK: Wait, so you haven't had sex since, like, thanksgiving.
Marshall : Do you know how many big federal holidays
UNK: Have come and gone since then?
UNK: Ooh, baby, do you remember martin luther king day?
Marshall : Yeah, I do.
UNK: We honored that dude big time.
Ted : Look, I'm crazy about this girl,
UNK: And if waiting is what it takes, then I am fine with that.
UNK: On a totally unrelated note, does anybody have any gum
UNK: Or ice or a piece of bark they're not chewing?
Randy : Hey, barney, new skymall came in.
Marshall : So, uh...
UNK: Word around the blogosphere
UNK: Is that you're looking for a new wingman.
UNK: I want to let you know I am available.
UNK: Just say the word, or don't even say the word.
Randy : Just do something with your eyebrow.
Randy : Was that it?
UNK: No offense, randy, but there's a long list
UNK: Of candidates for this slot.
Barney : This slot is vice president of awesome,
UNK: And you're, like, assistant undersecretary of only okay.
UNK: "Assistant undersecretary of only okay."
UNK: Thank you. I won't let you down.
Narrator : So uncle barney began the search for a new wingman.
UNK: Pete! Barney stinson.
UNK: Hey, I've been meaning to call you. It's been a while.
Barney : Yeah, yeah, so listen.
Barney : You should meet me at maclaren's tonight.
UNK: You're never gonna believe this : I'm at the hospital.
Pitt : Just had a baby daughter.
UNK: So what do you think, 9 : 30, 10 : 00?
UNK: Stapleton! Barney stinson.
UNK: What up, chief?
Barney : Need a new bro. What do you say?
UNK: Dude, I'd love to, but right now I'm bros with doug stein.
Barney : Oh, I understand.
UNK: Doug stein's a good bro.
Barney : I'm happy for you. Best of luck.
Barney : Crazy willie! Barney stinson.
UNK: What up, b-dog? Long time, no bro.
UNK: So we gonna tear it up tonight or what?
Barney : Yes, finally!
UNK: Here's what's on the rock-it docket.
UNK: My wife and I put the cheese out at 7 : 00,
UNK: Cranium at 8 : 00, 9 : 00 p.M. We watch 27 dresses.
UNK: Everybody's home by 11 : 00. Boo-yah!
Willie : Hello?
Barney : Hanging up on you once wasn't enough.
Stella : So I lanced this thing on this guy's back,
Stella : And I'll be honest with you, I didn't even know what it was,
Stella : And then it exploded like a volcano.
UNK: Pus everywhere.
UNK: Let's have sex.
Ted : Right now. I'll lock the door.
UNK: Oh, there's no lock on that door.