UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : I've just been informed that Jared Stone,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : a person of interest in the Paul Reeves case,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : drew a gun on a subway and took hostages.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Including Detective Esposito.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : At this point, it's not clear why Jared...
Castle : Hey, if anybody can handle it, Espo can.
UNK: But why would Stone take hostages?
Gates : Right now, our sole priority is to gather
Gates : any and all information on Jared Stone,
Gates : so the Hostage Rescue Team will know who we're dealing with.
UNK: All intel comes to me, so that I can forward it directly to HRT.
Gates : They should be on the scene right now.
UNK: Captain Bigalow : Detective Ryan? Yes, sir.
UNK: Captain Bigelow, HRT. What's the intel on your suspect?
UNK: Sir, he's a hacker, an Occupy Wall Street activist. It's all sketchy.
Bigalow : What about your boy, Esposito? Is he someone we can count on?
Bigalow : He's solid? He's as solid as they get.
Bigalow : Roger that.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett, I'm sorry.
UNK: Kevin, no one could've seen this coming.
UNK: No, I mean, he's my partner.
UNK: I should never have let him go in there alone.
UNK: We got to focus on getting Javi out of there.
Beckett : So, once you brief HRT, just head over to Stone's apartment.
Ryan : Leave the scene?
Beckett : There's nothing that you can do that HRT isn't already doing.
UNK: And if we wanna help Javi out,
Beckett : then the best thing that we can do
Beckett : is find out who Jared Stone is and why he is doing this.
Beckett : And some of those answers might be at his apartment.
Ryan : Okay. I'll check it out and let you know.
Lanie : Kate! Is it true? What they're saying?
Beckett : Listen, he has been in worse scrapes than this,
UNK: and we are gonna get him out of there, I promise you.
UNK: Detective Beckett? Dr. Parish? We've got eyes on Esposito.
UNK: Where is this coming from?
Beckett : I didn't think the MTA had cameras in the subway cars.
Tory : They don't. The train is part of a pilot program for video security.
Tory : This is on a separate feed, so it took me a while to find it.
Beckett : Wait, if this is on a separate feed...
Castle : That means that we can see Stone, but he doesn't know that.
Gates : Which gives us a tactical edge.
Gates : I'll make sure HRT knows about this.
Lanie : At least Javi's not down there alone. There's another cop with him.
Beckett : Yeah, between the two of them,
Beckett : they might be able to diffuse the situation.
Aragon : Kind of a weird time for him to be hitting his playlist.
Esposito : He's trying to calm himself down.
Aragon : Because he's about to do what?
Esposito : I might need you to back me up. Can you do that?
UNK: What's your play?
Esposito : Talk to him.
UNK: Try to get him to see the light.
Esposito : Then disarm him if I get the chance.
Aragon : I should talk to him. I'm the one wearing the Kevlar.
Esposito : Yeah, but I've already got a rapport with the guy, so...
Aragon : A bad rapport.
Aragon : I know what this is. I'm just a transit cop.
UNK: You gold-shield guys are always acting like you're better than us.
Esposito : We are better than you.
Esposito : Mr. Stone?
Esposito : Permission to speak?
Jared : Go ahead.
UNK: Uh, that's far enough.
Esposito : Look, whatever went down between you and Paul Reeves,
Esposito : this is only gonna make it worse.
Jared : This wasn't supposed to happen. Not here.
Jared : This wasn't part of the plan.
Esposito : Then we can come up with a new plan.
Esposito : One where you walk out of here. You can still do that.
Jared : It's too late. Police are already involved.
UNK: I know there's no turning back.
Esposito : You have to turn back, Jared.
Esposito : 'Cause if you don't, here's what's gonna happen.
UNK: The HRT, that's the Hostage Rescue Team,
Esposito : will wait for you to get weak and tired.
UNK: Then a dozen highly trained guys,
Esposito : armed to the teeth, will breach this car.
Esposito : And trust me when I tell you, they will not play.