Aragon : I don't need anyone holding my hand.
UNK: You know what? You got a chip on your shoulder
Esposito : the size of Stonehenge.
Esposito : I was just trying to get to know you a little bit.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : See that? Sure did.
Esposito : The next flicker is go time. You clear on the plan?
Aragon : Don't worry about me.
Aragon : I can feel vibrations. They're on the train.
Jared : You pull your people back now or everybody dies.
Jared : Now! I know they're here.
Jared : Don't screw with me, Bob,
Jared : or I will pull my hand off this trigger right now.
Jared : How am I supposed to trust they're gone, huh?
Jared : You just tried to send storm troopers
Jared : into a subway car full of people,
Jared : not knowing where they are, or where I am...
Jared : Wait a second.
Aragon : Don't worry. He's gonna be okay.
Lanie : I know. I know.
Castle : How is she?
Beckett : Well, at least when she could see Javi, she knew he was okay.
Castle : We'll get Espo back.
Castle : The key is finding out who Stone was working with.
Beckett : The answer's probably in that White Knight directory.
Beckett : But so far, Tech hasn't been able to recover any of the data.
Castle : Well, then we'll revisit the victim.
Castle : Looking into Paul Reeves' investigations is what led us to Stone.
Castle : Perhaps it'll lead us to the others as well.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Tory, let me ask you something.
Lanie : The video from the subway. Before it cut out, did you record it?
Tory : Of course. All streaming video is archived automatically. Why?
Lanie : Could you show it to me? There's something I'd like to see.
UNK: These are all 20 of the case files Paul Reeves was working on.
UNK: Here is just a summary of those cases.
UNK: I figured we just go through these until something points to Stone,
Castle : or to Erin Wilson, or anything else we're dealing with here.
Beckett : Okay, I'll start.
Beckett : The first one is that pharmaceutical lab cited for losing samples of a flu virus.
Castle : Not ringing any bells.
Castle : Moving on to a medical chain
Castle : that knowingly implanted defective artificial hips.
Ryan : Hey, guys, that document, I think it's a playbook.
Ryan : Stone's following it to the letter.
Ryan : Take a look at this sentence fragment.
UNK: "Demand Erin Wilson's release from prison, then hang up."
Beckett : More instructions?
Beckett : I mean, how is that telling us anything we don't already know?
Ryan : You'll see. Now, take a look at this one.
Castle : "I demand Erin be flown to a non-extradition country."
Ryan : But that instruction comes later on in the document.
Ryan : Which is exactly how Stone played it.
Ryan : First, he demanded her release, and then he brought up the Maldives.
UNK: That doesn't make sense.
Beckett : If Stone wanted Erin Wilson freed from prison,
Beckett : then why would he wait to mention the Maldives until later?
Castle : For the same reason he asked about Erin Wilson's release
Castle : without explaining who she was. Stone is stalling.
Castle : He's playing for time.
Castle : Something else is going on here, something big.
Lanie : Kate, I need to show you something.
Lanie : I noticed something when I was watching earlier,
Lanie : so I went to watch this whole video.
Lanie : We have a problem. A new problem.
Lanie : This is Stone, back when he was just holding them all hostage.
Lanie : This is him later. And later.
Castle : His asthma's getting worse.
Lanie : It's not just his asthma.
Lanie : It looks like he has fever and chills.
Lanie : It's only a matter of time before he's not able to think clearly.
Lanie : The man is sick, and he's getting sicker with flu-like symptoms.
Lanie : Flu-like symptoms? Castle, that case.
Beckett : Paul Reeves was investigating a missing flu virus.
Beckett : This is all connected somehow.
Beckett : It has to be.
Jared : Once I hear that she's in international airspace, I'll surrender.