Lanie : Gunshot wound to the head.
Javieresposito : Him being Paul Reeves out of Queens.
Javieresposito : We're running down next of kin.
Beckett : - Anyone hear the shot? - No.
Ryan : And there's no video coverage in this area of the park.
Esposito : Killer probably knew that.
Esposito : Took Reeves' phone,
Esposito : cash from his wallet, and probably waltzed right out of here.
Esposito : Looks like a mugging gone wrong.
Castle : Well, there's no signs of struggle.
Castle : If this was a mugging and he didn't put up a fight,
Castle : why risk shooting him, especially in broad daylight?
Beckett : Singed fabric.
Beckett : Nobody heard anything
Beckett : because the killer used a backpack or cloth to muffle the shot.
Castle : And then took the victim's phone
Castle : and cash to throw us off track.
Beckett : This wasn't a mugging. This was deliberate murder.
Brent : That just doesn't make sense.
Brent : Paul didn't have an enemy in the world.
Beckett : Well, how much do you know about your brother's life?
Beckett : Were you close?
Brent : Very close.
Brent : In fact, Paul had been staying at my place for the past month.
Brent : He was waiting to close escrow on a condo.
UNK: Was having coffee in the park something he did often?
Brent : He never went to the park.
UNK: And he hardly ever left the office.
Brent : Paul was a complete workaholic.
Beckett : And what did he do exactly?
Brent : He was an investigator for the government, the GAO.
Brent : I don't know much more than that.
Brent : He really couldn't discuss his job.
Beckett : Was he having any troubles at work that you're aware of?
Brent : Not trouble exactly, but last night, we had a beer.
UNK: Paul said a crucial meeting came up that he was worried about.
UNK: What kind of a meeting? I mean, with whom?
UNK: He didn't say, but he'd gotten a disturbing call
Brent : from someone involved in one of his cases. And he said...
Brent : That meeting, I think that was supposed to happen this morning.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : I'm sorry, but if he had a meeting, he never mentioned anything to me.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : Though, I suppose that wasn't unusual.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : I gave him a lot of latitude. Paul was my top investigator.
Ryan : What exactly did Paul investigate?
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : We're a federal agency.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : GAO evaluates government programs and contracts
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : to root out waste, fraud and abuse.
Esposito : Like defense contractors billing 500 bucks for a hammer?
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : Yes, though Paul was in the health care division.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : He oversaw hospitals and medical services
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : with government contracts. That sort of thing.
Esposito : So if someone was fleecing Uncle Sam, he could cancel their contracts?
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : He wrote reports that could produce that result, yes.
Ryan : Did anyone ever pressure Paul to back off a report or investigation?
UNK: Ms. Jarvis : It doesn't work that way. We're an independent body, so...
UNK: Be that as it may, we need the files of all his active investigations.
Beckett : Paul Reeves had over 20 open cases,
Beckett : and he was taking on some major players.
Beckett : A hospital chain that defrauded Medicare,
Beckett : a lab at Latham Pharmaceuticals cited for lax storage practices.
Beckett : And a company that sold the VA defective medical equipment.
Castle : I feel the heavy hand of conspiracy.
Beckett : Yeah, well, what else is new?
UNK: Consider this. Paul uncovers a nefarious scandal,
UNK: rife with corruption and financial skullduggery,
UNK: in connection with a federal contract.
UNK: But with millions of dollars at stake, the greedy contractor,
UNK: determined to stay latched onto the federal teat,
UNK: lures Paul into a meeting in the park,
UNK: where he has an assassin silence him.
UNK: Thus Paul's findings never come to light.
Beckett : And I don't suppose that you have a particular case
Beckett : of Paul's in mind, do you?
Beckett : Or proof? Or suspects?
Castle : No. But I will, once you identify who met Paul at the park.
UNK: I might be a step closer to that.
UNK: Do you remember how Paul's brother mentioned
UNK: that a "meeting" had just come up?
UNK: Well, I looked into Paul's phone calls for the last 48 hours.
UNK: One of them stood out.
UNK: An incoming call to his office at 11 : 04 yesterday morning.
UNK: Call lasted less than a minute.
UNK: And I traced it to a pay phone on the Lower East Side.
Beckett : Try and find out who made that call.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: This is street cam video of that pay phone.
UNK: 11 : 04 yesterday morning, this is the man who called Paul Reeves.
Ryan : Tory ran the image. It got a match on his face.
UNK: "Jared Stone. Misdemeanor Computer Trespassing"?
Tory : Otherwise known as hacking.
Ryan : Stone was an Occupy Wall Street activist who hacked into a major bank,
Ryan : releasing their e-mails, which reflected poorly on their business practices.
Beckett : So, why would a hacker like Jared Stone kill a GAO investigator?
UNK: He wouldn't.
UNK: That story doesn't make any sense, but this one does.
UNK: Using his vaunted hacking skills,
UNK: Jared Stone is the one who uncovered the nefarious scandal.
Beckett : So, we're back to a nefarious scandal? Yes.
Castle : See, he wants to blow the lid off the scandal,
Castle : so who better to call than intrepid investigator Paul Reeves?
Castle : Because, wait for it,
Castle : Jared Stone is a whistleblower.
Castle : And Paul Reeves was murdered because of what Jared Stone told him.
UNK: Which... Which actually means he could be in danger now.
Ryan : You have to admit, Castle's theory is surprisingly logical.
Beckett : Yes, and it's conveniently unburdened by evidence.
Beckett : Nevertheless, let's bring Jared Stone in for questioning,
UNK: and let's take a look at the video footage of that pay phone
Beckett : for the past two weeks. If Jared Stone talked to anyone,
UNK: I wanna know who it was.
Esposito : Yo. I may have an address on Jared Stone.
Esposito : I ran his e-mails. He rented a place on the Lower West off craigslist.
UNK: Go. Yeah.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : So what's going on with married life, huh?