Beckett : The answer's gotta be connected to this lab that Paul was investigating.
Castle : I think it is. Beckett, take a look at this.
Castle : The, uh, lab from which the virus went missing,
Beckett : Latham Pharmaceuticals, they're the same company
Castle : that makes the vaccine that Espo and the others got.
Beckett : Which is why they had samples of H5N1 in the first place.
Castle : Right, but as part of his investigation,
Castle : Paul was looking into production orders of the vaccines.
Castle : Specifically, this one.
UNK: For 10 million units of the vaccine.
Beckett : Castle, there were only 1,000 reported cases
Beckett : of H5N1 worldwide.
Castle : So, why would Latham suddenly order up 10 million vaccines?
UNK: Unless they knew that there was gonna be an outbreak.
Castle : I think Paul was asking the same question.
UNK: Ms. Jarvis, thank you for taking the time.
UNK: Uh, of course.
UNK: Yeah. Have you found whoever did this to Paul?
UNK: No, not yet, but we do have a few questions.
UNK: Now, do you know why he was investigating Latham Pharmaceuticals?
UNK: It was his job.
UNK: Companies that produce vaccines with federal money are tracked by GAO.
UNK: And Latham developed a vaccine for a rare but deadly flu virus, didn't they?
UNK: I mean, a flu so rare that the vaccine just sits on the shelf.
UNK: You know, we see that a lot.
UNK: Preventative vaccines are created,
UNK: but not all flu strains become widespread.
UNK: They do with a little help.
Landlord : Excuse me?
UNK: You recently converted all of your assets to Latham stock. Why is that?
UNK: How I invest is none of your concern.
UNK: It became my concern when you tried to start an H5N1 epidemic.
UNK: With the help of someone gullible,
UNK: someone you could easily manipulate. Like Jared Stone.
UNK: What on earth are you talking about? I don't know any Jared Stone.
UNK: Your husband was one of the prosecutors
UNK: who put away his girlfriend, Erin Wilson.
UNK: So, when you needed a patsy, you knew just where to look.
UNK: And then, your colleague, Paul,
UNK: when he saw that huge vaccine order, he started digging.
UNK: And when you saw that he was getting closer to the truth,
UNK: you eliminated him.
UNK: That is absurd. You can't prove any of this.
UNK: Actually, we can. We found the e-mails you wrote in your cloud account,
UNK: under the username White Knight.
UNK: We also arrested a Latham executive with whom you were colluding.
UNK: He admitted to his role and he cut a deal.
UNK: And he threw you under the bus.
UNK: You could've infected and killed millions of people, Ms. Jarvis.
UNK: And for what? So you could drive a nicer car?
UNK: Buy a bigger house? Was this all just because of money?
UNK: I want a lawyer.
UNK: You better find a good one.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: So, I hear everybody's good to go. Clean bills of health.
UNK: This time yesterday, catching the flu was the least of our problems.
UNK: You did all right down there.
UNK: I don't care what they say about transit cops.
UNK: Mmm. What they say about gold shields
UNK: is even worse. Mostly 'cause it's true.
UNK: We make a tight team.
UNK: Bonds forged in the heat of battle. You know how it is.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I wasn't straight with you. I have a 5-year-old son.
UNK: Uh, you said that you didn't have a family. Why hide that?
UNK: I didn't want you worried about me being a mom down there.
Beckett : You are a piece of work, Marisa.
UNK: Who's Lenny? Or is it Lanie?
UNK: How do you know about her?
UNK: On my last tour, an IED blew out my eardrum.
UNK: Got pretty good at reading lips.
UNK: You were saying her name before you took down Stone.
UNK: Yeah, I don't... I don't remember that.
UNK: Who you think of in that moment, it has weight.
UNK: Don't trade what's real for something that isn't.
UNK: I'll see you around, Javi.
UNK: Well, it's not every day you come across someone
UNK: who makes a suicide bomber look like a good guy.
UNK: So, I talked to the hospital. Jared Stone will make a full recovery.
UNK: Though, clearly, his troubles aren't over yet.
UNK: Yeah, unless he goes to the same prison as Erin Wilson.
UNK: Because, in the end, Jared Stone was driven
UNK: by the most primal of emotions.
UNK: Love.
UNK: Except he could have picked a better way to express it.
UNK: Hey! Look who's here.
Esposito : What's up?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hail the conquering hero!
UNK: Man, you had me scared.
UNK: That's because you're a wimp.
UNK: No. Well, okay.
UNK: Yeah, well, I guess that makes me a wimp, too.
UNK: Oh. Got any of that left over for me?
UNK: Javi, I was worried sick. I thought...
UNK: I know what you thought. But I'm here. I'm back. I'm all right.
UNK: I hate to interrupt, but I have a brilliant idea.
UNK: How about we all go to The Old Haunt, huh? Drinks on me.
UNK: Yeah, done. Come on, we'll take the subway.
UNK: Too soon? Too soon.
UNK: Please accept this as a token of my apology.
UNK: Am I on the wrong track here?