Esposito : You'll be lucky to get off one shot before they drop you.
Jared : HRT won't come near me.
Jared : Not once they know I have this.
Lanie : Oh, my God.
Lanie : A suicide vest?
Gates : His left hand. That's a dead man's switch.
UNK: If he lets go of that...
Castle : Clearly, Jared Stone is not a whistleblower.
Beckett : He's a terrorist wearing an explosive vest.
Beckett : This was a planned attack.
Gates : I'll contact Homeland, see what they have on him.
Gates : Keep working intel on Jared Stone.
Gates : Obviously, this man is not at all who we thought he was.
Esposito : Jared, what are you doing, man?
Jared : It's kind of self-explanatory, isn't it?
Esposito : Look, I know you're an activist,
Esposito : and you're all about taking on the 1%.
Esposito : But do you see anybody like that here?
Gerber : Look, I may be a salesman,
Gerber : but just so you know, I'm not a big earner.
Gerber : Okay? I am barely scraping by.
UNK: Jared, these are working people.
Esposito : Your people.
UNK: You don't wanna hurt them.
Jared : You're right. I don't.
Jared : But I will if I have to.
Jared : Take a picture, text it to HRT.
Ryan : I need you to tell me everything you know about Jared Stone.
Landlord : Just that he wanted the apartment for two weeks, so I rented it to him.
Ryan : Did you meet the guy? Talk to him?
Landlord : Just when I gave him the key and told him I did not permit wild parties.
Landlord : What's this about?
UNK: All right, comb through every inch of this place.
UNK: Look through all his papers, personal items.
Ryan : Anything that can tell us who Jared Stone is, or what he's up to.
Landlord : Excuse me, gentlemen, but could I ask you to remove your shoes?
UNK: The carpet is brand-new.
Landlord : Just a thought.
Ryan : Thank you.
Gates : Homeland doesn't have a file on Jared Stone.
Gates : Neither does NYPD Counterterrorism.
UNK: Why would Stone want to blow up the subway?
Castle : I've been reading his posts on income inequality.
Castle : He's a little pedantic, but he's an armchair revolutionary.
Castle : He's not a man of action.
Gates : Maybe he became radicalized somehow.
UNK: The Taking of Pelham One Two Three could not have been his plan.
UNK: He must've been headed someplace else when Esposito stopped him.
Brent : He was.
Beckett : Stone was set to attend a wealth management seminar
UNK: with 1,500 people at the Tremaine Hotel.
Beckett : That's where he was going when Esposito came along.
UNK: The Seventh Avenue Express would have taken him right there.
Gates : And if he was after one-percenters,
Gates : this seminar would be a target-rich environment.
Beckett : Sir, he also had a backup target.
Beckett : He had seats to an opera at the biggest theater on Broadway, 1,900 seats.
Gates : He was going for maximum casualties.
Gates : And he's willing to kill himself in the process.
Gates : I'll pass this on to HRT.
Gates : Oh. Uh, one more thing. Tory ran video on that pay phone.
Gates : Stone did use it before.
Gates : He called the Maldives last week, twice.
Gates : The Maldives?
Beckett : Who was he talking to?
Gates : The cell phone he has is no longer active.
Gates : We can't track it down.
UNK: Gates.
Gates : HRT is asking, what kind of pizza does Detective Esposito like?
UNK: Richard Castle : I, uh...
Beckett : Pineapple, olives and, uh, double jalapenos, sir.
Gates : I'll pass it along.
Gates : Uh, pineapple...
Castle : Since when does a hacker,
Castle : who by his very nature tends to live his life virtually,
Castle : morph into a suicide bomber?
Castle : Stone has no history of violence.
Beckett : You think something happened to trigger him?
Castle : I don't know, but there's a piece missing here somewhere.
Castle : How does a GAO investigator fit into this?
Castle : The calls to the Maldives? Has Ryan turned anything up?
Beckett : No. So far, no word.
Landlord : Excuse me.
Ryan : This receipt from two days ago for the shredder, did you buy it?
Landlord : No. I don't even know where that came from.