Jared : What the hell is taking so long, Bob?
Jared : Getting her in prison didn't seem to take any time at all.
Jared : Bob, shut up. Shut up! Listen to me.
Jared : I want her flown to the Maldives.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I'm telling you now, Bob.
Jared : Okay, I want her flown to the Maldives, and in half an hour,
Jared : I want your plan on how to make that happen. Are we clear?
Jared : Yeah, Bob. Food would be great right about now.
UNK: No, don't send any cops. I don't care if they're unarmed, Bob.
Jared : I don't want any police near this car. Just drop off the food.
UNK: Then sit down on the edge of the platform.
Jared : I'll send somebody to get it.
Jared : You, the husband, go, get the food.
Jared : I know you'll come back.
UNK: I just got bad news.
UNK: I called the prison, spoke to Erin Wilson.
UNK: And?
Beckett : She's Stone's girlfriend.
UNK: But she didn't seem to know about his plan to break her out until just now.
Beckett : What about you? Anything on Stone's known associates?
Castle : Stone may have lived online, but he wasn't very social.
UNK: He started a Free Erin Wilson website,
Castle : but didn't seem to interact with any of the users.
Beckett : He had to have interacted with somebody.
Beckett : Tech scrubbed his computer and found a hidden directory
Beckett : that they think contained private correspondence.
UNK: From whom? Contents were thoroughly erased.
UNK: The only thing that was left was the name of the directory. White Knight.
UNK: Okay, who's next?
UNK: We've got double cheese, pepperoni, mushroom.
UNK: Uh, here. Thanks.
Aragon : You doing okay? Yeah.
UNK: Veggie with eggplant and garlic.
Beckett : Pineapple, olives, double jalapeno.
Esposito : That's for me.
Aragon : Really? We're trapped in a subway car.
Aragon : I'm not sure you should eat that.
UNK: You gonna eat that thing or just gaze at it in wonder?
Beckett : I don't understand.
UNK: Why does HRT wanna breach?
Gates : In their assessment, Stone is trapped with no good options
Gates : and no way to carry out his original plan.
Gates : They believe the longer this goes,
Gates : the more likely he will do the unthinkable.
UNK: But why not see how things play out with Erin Wilson?
Gates : HRT thinks the Erin Wilson demand is a ruse.
Gates : Stone is playing this card to buy time, work up his nerve.
Lanie : If they bust in, what'll keep Stone from blowing that vest?
Gates : Esposito will. He's in on it.
Castle : Won't Stone see HRT coming?
Tory : Yes, if they approach via the tunnel.
Tory : But they're dropping onto the train from above.
Tory : Through the subway grates.
UNK: When? Soon.
Gates : Any moment now.