Landlord : It really doesn't fit.
Ryan : Then Stone bought it. Excuse me.
Lanie : Could you?
Ryan : He's shredding documents.
Ryan : Okay, we need to bag this up and take it back to the precinct,
Ryan : put it back together.
Ryan : Find out what Stone was trying to hide.
Jared : So how'd you find me?
UNK: How'd you track me down? Do you know about White Knight?
Esposito : What's White Knight?
Esposito : That'll be the negotiator.
Esposito : You want something, right? Now would be the time to ask for it.
UNK: Hello?
Jared : Yes, it is.
Jared : Hello, Bob.
Jared : You're the negotiator?
Jared : I'm fine.
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, they're all fine, too.
Jared : Uh, let me ask. Is anybody hungry?
Bella : I'm always hungry.
Gerber : So am I.
Beckett : Yeah, um...
UNK: Yeah, everybody could use some food right about now. Um...
UNK: Will you do that, Bob?
UNK: Demands?
Jared : Do I have demands?
Jared : Yeah, I got one.
UNK: Are you listening?
Jared : I want Erin Wilson released from prison.
Jared : You call me back when you have a plan to make that happen.
Beckett : That's all he said?
Castle : Who the hell is Aaron Wilson?
UNK: Well, if we wanna save these people, we need to find out.
Beckett : Okay, let's find who this Aaron Wilson is.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : Castle, it's a woman.
UNK: E-R-I-N.
Beckett : She's serving seven years in federal prison for felony computer trespassing.
Castle : So, she's a hacker, too.
Beckett : Court records show that she hacked a database
Beckett : at the New York Federal Reserve,
Beckett : looking for proof that the fed colluded with big banks.
Castle : What's her connection to Stone?
Beckett : Looks like Jared Stone was an accomplice,
Beckett : but the US Attorney didn't have enough to charge him.
Castle : So, they were partners in crime.
Castle : Erin went to prison, Stone didn't.
Castle : That's why he wants to get her out. He feels guilty.
Castle : That would also explain the Maldives.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : It's a non-extradition country.
Ryan : Hey, guys, you need to see this.
Ryan : What was in that shredder was about two pages of text.
Ryan : So far, we've been able to assemble a few random words,
Ryan : like "monitor" and "surveillance."
Beckett : Okay, what do you think it is?
Ryan : It's some kind of letter.
Ryan : But I don't think that Stone was the one who wrote it.
Ryan : Take a look at this phrase that we assembled just now.
UNK: "Read," "memorize," and then, "destroy"?
Ryan : It's not like he would write that to himself.
Castle : So, they're instructions.
Castle : Now, we know Stone was working with other people.
Castle : Maybe this is all about Erin Wilson.
Castle : Maybe she's the one behind all this.
Beckett : Castle and I will look into Erin Wilson and dig deeper.
UNK: And we'll also see if we can identify any associates that Jared might have had.
Ryan : We'll keep piecing this together here.
Beckett : Guys, everyone down there is counting on us.
UNK: Hey,
Esposito : who's Erin Wilson?
Jared : She's my soul mate.
UNK: Well, why not give Bob more to go on
Esposito : so he knew who you were talking about?
UNK: I wanna keep him off balance. Maintain control.
Esposito : You get that tip off the Internet?
Esposito : 'Cause it's not a very good one.
Esposito : What's White Knight?
Jared : Tell me your plan for Erin.