Jared : Because I'm giving you my word.
Esposito : Stone's not looking too good.
Jared : Hey, exactly how long is that gonna take, huh?
UNK: If he passes out and releases that switch, we're all dead.
UNK: We gotta make a move.
Aragon : Same plan as before?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: When?
Esposito : He gets distracted when he puffs on his inhaler. Next puff, we go.
Jared : Look, those are my conditions. Once I hear from Erin that she's free,
UNK: I swear, I'll let everybody go.
Jared : Don't worry, everyone, it's almost over.
Jared : Stop! Please!
Esposito : Secure the switch.
Jared : I'm not done yet! I'm not done yet!
Esposito : Go, go, go, go.
Esposito : Good job.
Ryan : Hey, Javi.
UNK: So, we took down Stone.
Esposito : Nobody's hurt, everybody's fine. It's over.
Ryan : It's not over, man.
Esposito : What? What do you mean, "It's not over"?
UNK: I don't want a ticker-tape parade or anything like that,
Esposito : but did you not just hear what I said?
Ryan : Listen, Javi, this is about more than a suicide vest.
Ryan : The CDC turned up a lethal variant of the H5N1 virus in Stone's apartment.
Ryan : It's a hot zone.
Ryan : Stone's infected, and everyone around him might be, too.
Dustin : I got the door open! I got it.
Esposito : Close that door. I said close it, now!
Esposito : Nobody leaves the train!
Beckett : Sir, how is Esposito?
Gates : Well, he and the others were transported to the hospital.
Gates : But they're in isolation.
Castle : What's the prognosis?
UNK: Well, this particular strain of H5N1 is lethal
Gates : and can be spread through airborne contact.
Gates : But there is a vaccine.
Gates : It's been given to the passengers,
Gates : and it can knock down the virus, even after exposure.
UNK: So, he's gonna be okay?
UNK: The doctors are optimistic.
Gates : And the CDC is retracing Stone's steps
Gates : to identify who else he was in contact with.
Castle : This guy's like an evil version of Typhoid Mary.
Castle : The suicide vest, the demands?
Castle : All about exposing people long enough to get them infected
UNK: so they spread the virus.
UNK: Well, it could've been far worse
Gates : if he had made it to that seminar or the opera.
Gates : In proximity to all those people,
Gates : he could have caused an epidemic.
Gates : But I'm still not clear.
Gates : How does our shooting victim fit into all this?
Castle : Paul Reeves was investigating the lab
Beckett : where a sample of H5N1 went missing.
Castle : We think he figured out that Stone had stolen the virus,
Castle : which is why Stone lured him into the park and killed him.
Beckett : But, sir, there are still questions.
Beckett : Like who Stone was working with.
Beckett : And why he did this in the first place.
UNK: So, we need to go talk to him.
Gates : Well, you better hurry up, because I hear he's not in good shape.
Ryan : Yes, sir.
Jared : You're not the priest.
Beckett : No, but I can take your confession.
Beckett : We know you had help, Mr. Stone.
Castle : White Knight. Who is he?
UNK: He's someone I met through the Free Erin site a few months back.
Beckett : What was his real name?
Brent : I don't know.
Jared : We bonded over Erin. Over how to get her out.
Jared : He was a strategic thinker, and I wasn't, so he helped me with the plan.
UNK: I never would've detonated that vest.
UNK: I just... I just needed some leverage.
Jared : I love Erin.
Jared : All I wanted was to see her free.
Castle : More like you wanted to get people sick.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Beckett : You tried to start an epidemic by spreading your deadly virus.
Beckett : Erin was just a sideshow.
Jared : What are you talking about?
Beckett : The opera, the seminar.
Beckett : Hundreds of one-percenters in close proximity.
Beckett : That was the perfect environment to spread your disease.
Jared : Disease? No.
Jared : I was trying to find the best spot to take my stand for Erin.
Beckett : Then why did you call Paul Reeves?
Jared : White Knight just said that it was part of the plan.
UNK: I called Reeves to tell him about some meeting at the park.
Jared : I didn't even know who he was.
UNK: The seminar and the opera, were those White Knight's ideas, too?
Jared : So, I was set up. Somebody used me.
UNK: This thing that I have,
Jared : I may have given it to other people, too?
Castle : Okay, that is not how I imagined that conversation would go.
Beckett : If Stone's telling the truth, then he's a fall guy.
Castle : He was groomed, turned into a vector for the virus
Castle : and manipulated into spreading it.
Beckett : Which means this all connects to Paul Reeves' investigation
Beckett : of the lab where the virus came from.
Beckett : Stone was deliberately infected.
Beckett : The CDC confirmed that someone
Beckett : turned his asthma inhaler into a virus-delivery system.
Castle : Question is, who came up with that idea?