Chandler : And I'll be using his dead body as a shield.
Ross : Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good!
Ross : Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
Phoebe : Oh my God,
Phoebe : you look so good!
Rachel : I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people
Rachel : looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
Ross : So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
Rachel : Because I promised Mindy I would.
Monica : Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
Rachel : Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor.
Rachel : And besides you know what I just need
Rachel : to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Phoebe : Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Chandler : - I may have. - Woo-hoo, stuud!
Ross : - What's she look like? - Well, we haven't exactly met,
Chandler : we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
Monica : Woo-hoo, geeek!
Chandler : I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl,
Chandler : you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Ross : - Get out! - Nooo!
Chandler : Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real',
Chandler : and I did.
Rachel : Wow! What's that like?
Chandler : It's like this,
Chandler : me, no jokes.
Phoebe : All right, stop it, you're freaking me out.
Richard : Oh, yeah, I don't like you this way.
Richard : - All right, I'll see you guys later. - Bye, Richard.
Monica : Bye sweetie,
Monica : - I love you. - I love you, too.
Phoebe : I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy,
Phoebe : I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like.
Monica : What are you talking about? What wedding?
Phoebe : Come on, like you never talk about that.
Monica : Nooo! Never!
Monica : I mean, we're living in the moment.
Monica : God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
Rachel : - Afraid to ask him? - Could not be more terrified.
Chandler : Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing,
Chandler : give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
UNK: I was laughing at this quip leno made last night.
UNK: I was not laughing at your dress, I love you.
Monica : Where's Benny?
Monica : There he is!
Monica : Where's Benny,
Monica : there he is.
Richard : Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk,
Richard : so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
Monica : Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.
UNK: Okay.
Monica : Did you ever, uh, like, think about the future?
Richard : Sure I do.
Monica : Yeah, am I in it?
UNK: Honey, you are it.
Monica : Oh God, you are about to get sooo lucky.
Monica : Keep talkin'.
Richard : Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice,
Richard : we could move to France,
Richard : make French toast.
Monica : Okay, so, uh, we're in France,
Monica : we're making the toast.
Monica : Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
Richard : Like a hound?
Monica : Not a basset, a bassinet.
Richard : You really need the bassinet?
Monica : Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog.
Monica : Do you, uh, do you, do you not see kids in our future.
Richard : Oh, hey, I love children,
Richard : I have children.
Richard : I just don't want to be 70
Richard : when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
Richard : Look I want you, now.
Monica : That's Great.
Monica : You know we don't need to talk about this now.
Monica : Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future,
Monica : I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Joey : Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much.
Joey : Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Chandler : Joey, no means no!
Chandler : I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Joey : Aww, Rach, I think you look cute
Joey : And you, uh, you,
Joey : - you I could eat with a spoon - Get away from me I said no!
Monica : - Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs. - Oh, Richard's here.
Joey : I should run down say bye to him
UNK: Bye.
Phoebe : So how's your date with your cyberchick going.
Phoebe : Ooh, hey, what is all that?