Chandler : I can't believe she's married.
Joey : Aw, man I'm sorry.
Joey : This must be very tough for ya, huh.
Monica : So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings
Monica : because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
Richard : Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars.
Richard : - See, we're having fun. - Oh, absolutely.
Monica : Yeah, you know I'm not even thinking about that thing that we're not going to be thinking about.
Richard : Neither am I.
UNK: Hi, there. Are you all right?
Rachel : Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding,
Rachel : and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't,
Rachel : people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Ross : Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding
Ross : generally people focus on the bride.
Rachel : God I know, you're right.
UNK: Wedding Planner : All rightie, everybody look at me. Good.
UNK: Wedding Planner : All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
Rachel : Okay, I'll see you after the thing.
Ross : - Okay, good luck - Thank you
Richard : Okay, Okay.
Rachel : Why the hell didn't you tell me!
Ross : I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do?
Ross : Stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!
UNK: Yeah, better than you embarrass and I will go.
Rachel : Oh my God this is sooo humiliating.
Rachel : I think the only thing that tops that was, was,
Rachel : was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school.
Rachel : I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out.
Rachel : Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Ross : Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
Rachel : Oh Ross, would you stop, you got me, I'm dating you.
UNK: Rachel!
Rachel : Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg.
UNK: Mr. Wineburg : It's so wonderful to see you again, my dear,
UNK: Mr. Wineburg : in fact I hardly expected to see so much.
UNK: Mrs. Wineburg : You told me you didn't see anything.
UNK: Mr. Wineburg : I tell ya a lot things!
UNK: Mrs. Wineburg : Well it's wonderful to have you up and about, again, dear.
UNK: Mr. Wineburg : Stay well.
Rachel : Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Mindy : Rach! Rach!
Mindy : - Oh my God, I'm married! - I know.
Mindy : I'm Mrs. Dr. Barry Hunter hyphen Farber.
Rachel : Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
UNK: Min.
Barry : Oh Rach, you're still here,
Barry : at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
Rachel : Yeah, I love that story.
Rachel : Um, I got a question for you guys.
Rachel : Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Mindy : Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding,
Mindy : Barry's parents told people that you were sort of... insane.
UNK: Insane!
Mindy : ...from the syphilis.
UNK: What?!
Barry : Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
UNK: Your choice was that, syphilis?
UNK: Hey, sweetie, at least they put you Tutsi show under prospective.
Joey : Angela? Joey Tribiani.
Joey : Listen, what are ya doing tonight?
Joey : I know your seeing that guy, I was thinking maybe you could bring him...
Joey : Hello? Hello?
Phoebe : Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent.
Phoebe : - She wants to know what's wrong? - What's wrong? What's wrong?
Chandler : You're married that's what's wrong.
Phoebe : - Oh, my. - What?
Phoebe : She wants to meet you in person.
Chandler : Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too
Chandler : okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Phoebe : What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy.
Phoebe : I mean you don't get chances like this all the time,
Phoebe : if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself
Phoebe : when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Joey : I don't know.
UNK: Listen, those bingbongs are the woman who loves you.
Chandler : Okay, I'll do it!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah! Okay! Great!
Phoebe : Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her!
Phoebe : Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww.
Phoebe : No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first.
Phoebe : No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Monica : Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Richard : Okay, last chance.
Richard : Again, I'm sorry.
Monica : You know what, maybe I don't need to have children.
Monica : You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society
Monica : and by that I mean my mom,
Monica : has always convinced me that I...
Joey : I do,
Monica : I have to have children, I'm sorry. I just do.
UNK: Best Man : Yo! Can I have your attention, please,
UNK: Best Man : Best Man, making a toast here.
UNK: Wedding Planner : Thank you.
UNK: Best Man : I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
UNK: What?!
UNK: What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech.
UNK: Best Man : Thank you, thank you very much.
UNK: Best Man : Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together.