Rachel : But if you destroy a coat like this...
Rachel : ...that is like a crime against nature.
Rachel : Not nature. Fashion!
Phoebe : This is fashion?
Phoebe : So to you, death is fashion?
UNK: That's funny.
Phoebe : Here's Phoebe...
UNK: ...sporting cutting-edge hairy carcass...
UNK: ...from, you know, the steel traps of wintry Russia.
UNK: You really think this looks good?
UNK: Because I do!
Ross : I miss you too. I can't wait to see you.
Ross : I love you. Bye.
Chandler : What is in here, rocks?
UNK: No, it's my collection of fossil samples.
Chandler : So, rocks.
UNK: I'll miss this apartment.
UNK: You know, Ben took his first steps right over there.
Joey : Remember when I ran into this and it knocked me out?
UNK: I love this place.
UNK: To tell the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
Joey : Are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
Ross : If Emily gave me a choice
Joey : You do have a choice!
Joey : Why are you listening to her? Are you crazy?
Joey : It's not right what Emily wants you to do. She's totally
Joey : Stop pinching me!
UNK: You guys said to keep my mouth shut if Ross was happy, right?
Joey : He just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Ross : What's going on?
Joey : We all hate Emily!
Monica : No, Ross, we do not hate Emily.
Monica : We just think that you're having to sacrifice...
Monica : ...a whole lot to make her happy.
Chandler : We just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Joey : Yes, unreasonable.
UNK: Unreasonable?
Ross : How about we have this conversation when one of you marries?
Ross : You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work.
UNK: It's compromise. Do you always like it? No.
Ross : Do you do it? Yes.
Ross : Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky...
Ross : ...coffee at Central Perk.
Ross : It's real life, okay?
Ross : It's what grownups do.
Phoebe : I think he's right.
Phoebe : You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Monica : -I feel so guilty about Ross. -I know.
UNK: I kind of feel like it's my fault.
Chandler : Kind of?
UNK: You should have kept this to yourself.
Joey : I'm keeping so many things to myself, something was bound to slip out!
Chandler : I think it's very brave what you said.
Phoebe : I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
UNK: What's with the coat? How about the animal rights thing?
Phoebe : I've been reading up, and for your information...
UNK: ...minks aren't very nice.
UNK: -So they deserve to be killed? -Well, they are real bad.
Phoebe : Okay, I admit it. I love this coat, okay?
UNK: It's the best thing I ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley.
Phoebe : Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine.