Joey : I can hear that!
Monica : Rachel's at work.
Joey : I can still hear you!
UNK: The One With the Yeti
Monica : What's that?
UNK: My mom sent me an heirloom that belonged to my grandmother.
Phoebe : Can you believe it?
UNK: A year ago I had no family, and now I have heirlooms!
UNK: The only heirloom I ever got was a feather boa.
UNK: Got if from my dad. He got it from his dad.
UNK: How did I ever get born?
Phoebe : Oh, God!
UNK: Soft.
Joey : Is this mink?
Phoebe : Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all?
UNK: I have a fine coat that no innocent animals suffered to make.
UNK: Just Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody...
Chandler : ...for 12 cents an hour.
Chandler : I made that up.
Gunther : You can't put up flyers in here.
Ross : How come? Everybody else does.
Gunther : You can't.
Monica : What is that?
UNK: I'm getting rid of some things.
Monica : This is all of your things.
Ross : Yes, it is.
UNK: It's good. Emily thinks we should get all new stuff.
Ross : Stuff that's just ours. Together. Brand new.
UNK: So it's a get-rid-of-anything- Rachel-ever-touched sale.
UNK: Touched, used, sat on, slept on...
Gunther : I'll take it all.
Joey : You're okay with that?
Ross : If I can just do what Emily wants...
Ross : ...and get her to New York, it will be fine.
UNK: Isn't that a little extreme?
Ross : After what I did, can you blame her?
Phoebe : You got off easy.
UNK: When my friend's husband said another name in bed...
Phoebe : ...she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
UNK: I guess I'm lucky Emily is not magic.
UNK: Oh, she is.
UNK: We all are.
Joey : What is he doing?
UNK: Emily thinks Ross' furniture has got Rachel cooties?
Monica : Calm down, Joey.
UNK: Everything's getting all messed up!
Joey : Emily won't let Ross see Rachel.
UNK: We won't stop seeing Rachel.
Joey : Hence, Ross stops seeing us.
Phoebe : I hate this. Everything's changing.
Chandler : We're losing Ross. Joey said "hence."
Monica : I'm not happy about this either, but if Ross says he's happy...
UNK: ...then we have to keep our feelings to ourselves.
Monica : Are you cool with that?
UNK: But, you know, I'm an actor.
Joey : I'll act cool.
UNK: Probably be some of the hardest acting I've ever done.
UNK: Maybe I'll play it with a mustache.