UNK: ifyou still have feelings.
Michael : I know.
Sonia : But I don't.
Esposito : She's just another convict. Nothing else.
UNK: Corrections Officer : This ankle monitor is a next-generation device
UNK: Corrections Officer : with a variety of new tracking features.
UNK: This is the instruction manual.
UNK: Now, I could walk you through some offeatures...
Sonia : what does he have to do with this?
UNK: Uh, Detective Ryan is gonna accompany you to the bar. He's...
Sonia : what, him? Hell no.
Sonia : Take me back to prison. This is not going to work.
Beckett : Wait, I'm sorry. what's the problem?
UNK: You're gonna send me into a Spanish Harlem bar
UNK: with Saint Paddy on my arm?
Ryan : Sweetheart, I used to work undercover. I can take care of myself.
UNK: Look, the only way this is gonna work
Sonia : is if I go in with somebody who can blend in.
Sonia : Someone like Javi.
Esposito : For the umpteenth time, Beckett, I can handle this.
Beckett : Really? Because if it was me, I don't think I would be that confident.
Esposito : Is it awkward? Of course.
Esposito : But it's the only way we're going to solve this murder.
UNK: Castle and Ryan are gonna be backing me up in a follow car.
UNK: What's the worst that could happen?
Darren : I don't know. And that's what makes me nervous.
UNK: Kate, I am not gonna let you down.
UNK: AII right. Listen up, Sonia.
Esposito : You do what I say, when I say it, understand?
Sonia : Nice to see you, too, sweetie.
Esposito : This is not a joke, okay? When I say "jump," you say...
UNK: That you're out ofyour damn mind
Sonia : if you think I'm jumping in these heels, okay?
Sonia : Speaking of, I need new clothes.
Sonia : 'Cause this outfit is damn near 10 years old,
UNK: and I've got a rep to protect.
Sonia : So I need labels.
Esposito : Fine, whatever. Let's just hurry up and get this over with.
Sonia : Didn't I used to say that to you whenever you got frisky at night?
Esposito : Let's go.
UNK: This is gonna be so much fun.
Sonia : Can you please speed up?
UNK: You know, my prison term is gonna be over by the time we get there.
Esposito : I'm going the speed limit.
UNK: Oh, good. You know, I don't want you to get pulled over by a cop.
Sonia : Come on, hurry up!
UNK: I think we better slow down a little bit.
Esposito : There we go. That's much better.
Ryan : I still can't believe Javi was engaged to that woman.
UNK: Well, I can.
Castle : I mean, you see the electricity between those two? It crackles.
Ryan : Yeah, it might be a problem. We need to keep an eye on her.
Castle : Actually, I think we can do more than that.
Castle : There's a listening device built into Sonia's ankle monitor.
Ryan : - A hidden mic? - Yeah.
UNK: AII we have to do is enter the security number into the app,
Castle : we can hear everything they're saying.
Ryan : But they wouldn't know that we were listening.
Ryan : That would be an invasion of their privacy.
Castle : - You got a problem with that? - No.
UNK: No.
Sonia : You know, I'm glad you didn't get fat over all that guilt.
Esposito : What guilt?
Sonia : For turning me in.
Esposito : Why would I feel guilty about doing my job?
Sonia : Because you love me.
Esposito : Loved you.
Esposito : Past tense. way past.
Esposito : Done. Finished.
UNK: Terminado.
Lucy : You know, I was meaning to say thank you.
Esposito : For what?
Sonia : For arresting me.
Sonia : You saved me the misery of spending another day with you.
Ryan : That's harsh.
UNK: How's your abuelita's hip?
Esposito : Good. She finally got it replaced.
Sonia : Oh, good.
Sonia : She was always so sweet.
Sonia : Your whole family was.
Sonia : That's what haunts me, you know.
UNK: Thinking how they must've reacted
Sonia : when they learned I was nothing more than a crook.
UNK: If Great white met Hammerhead here,
UNK: it stands to reason that somebody knows his real identity.
Sonia : Yeah, but that was nine years ago. Where do we start?
UNK: Bartender.
Sonia : He's bound to know where the old-timers are.
Darren : - Yeah? - Yeah.
UNK: Letme do the talking.
Bartender : What's going on, guys?
Bartender : - What can I get for you? - Um...
UNK: Uh, shots oftequila. Double rows.
UNK: What?
UNK: Double rows, coming up.
Sonia : - Thank you, baby. - What is she doing?
Castle : She's blending into her environment.
Castle : It's actually a brilliant strategy.
Ryan : Either that, or getting Javier drunk.
Castle : Why would she want to do that?
Ryan : Exactly. Exactly.
Bartender : Ding, ding.
Bartender : We got a winner.
Sonia : Set us up again.
UNK: Ifyou say so.
Esposito : Hey, bro, how long you been bartending here?
UNK: Little over 10 years.
Esposito : So then you remember a guy named Jimmy Sanchez?
Esposito : Went by the name of Great white?
Bartender : Great white. Yeah. Yeah. why you ask?
UNK: Did you ever see him with this, you know,
UNK: really good-Iooking kid from the neighborhood?
Sonia : Short, with a beard.
Bartender : - No. Sorry. - It's all good.
UNK: I just got out on parole from a little job we did back in the day.
Sonia : So, if I could just find him...
Esposito : How about now?
Bartender : What the hell are you doing, bro?
Esposito : Give me his name.
UNK: Wait, does it sound like...
UNK: He sounds like he's playing Five Finger Fillet with the bartender.
Castle : It certainly does.
UNK: - Don't tell Beckett. - Don't tell Beckett.
Esposito : My hand's getting twitchy, bro. You better tell me something.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Look, it's Joey. AII right? His name's Joey.
Esposito : Joey what?
Bartender : Beats the hell out of me, man. I haven't seen the guy in over a year.
Bartender : - That's all I know. - I don't believe you.
UNK: Stop!
UNK: He's close with his grandmother, she lives up the street.
Bartender : Third building. Brick one. 6D.
UNK: She could tell you where he is.
Esposito : - Thank you. - Mmm.
UNK: 6D.