Esposito : So you're telling me she's only had one visitor in the last year?
UNK: AII right. what's the name?
Esposito : Alberto Pena?
UNK: AII right. Thanks.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: You're an old-ass boyfriend.
Esposito : No. You're Sonia's father.
Ryan : Hey, Jenkins. Have you seen Esposito?
Jenkins : Yeah, he ran out of here 10 minutes ago.
Darren : - Yeah. - What are you doing?
Esposito : I can't let you put yourself out there for me anymore, bro.
UNK: This is my mess and I gotta clean it up.
UNK: AII right, everybody stop!
Ryan : I need to know what Esposito found out when he ran out of here.
Ryan : Please, it's a matter of life and death.
Esposito : Sonia, get away from the bed.
Sonia : My dad, he's dying. I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
Esposito : Just stop it.
Esposito : I'm not buying any of it.
Esposito : You didn't break out of prison just because
Esposito : your old man was kicking the bucket.
Esposito : He has your share of the gold.
Esposito : When you found out he had a stroke, you panicked.
UNK: Because you were worried that his new wife was gonna steal your gold.
Esposito : Thing I don't get is,
Esposito : why didn't you just have your partner on the outside get it for you?
Esposito : You don't know where it is.
Esposito : Jimmy Sanchez wasn't Great white.
Esposito : Your father is.
Esposito : And he kept your share of the gold after you went in.
Sonia : Ah, Javi.
Sonia : You were always too smart for your own good.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: I can't believe the two ofyou kept me in the dark about this.
Ryan : - Captain, I'm sorry... - No.
Beckett : We will talk about this later.
Beckett : Right now, let's just focus on finding Espo.
Ryan : I just hope it's not too late.
Castle : If Sonia and her partner were to kill Esposito,
UNK: they would've done it here.
Castle : They must need him for something.
UNK: The question is, why was Sonia so desperate
Ryan : to see her father before he died?
Ryan : According to Espo, they weren't even that close.
UNK: Maybe he had something she wanted.
Castle : And I think I know what it is.
Beckett : Gold. He was holding her cut of the heist from nine years ago.
Ryan : Sonia didn't want the secret of the gold's location to die with her father.
Castle : They took Esposito for insurance, in case we try to stop them.
Beckett : Which means, we find Pena's coin stash, we'll find Espo.
Ryan : Problem is, we don't know the first thing about this guy.
Beckett : Well, time for a crash course.
Beckett : - Let's tear this place apart. - Right.
Sonia : Javi, you awake?
Sonia : How's your head?
Esposito : I'm fine.
UNK: Your boy toy hits like a little bitch.
Sonia : You know, I'm sorry, Javi.
Sonia : It wasn't supposed to go like this.
Sonia : - No one was meant to get hurt. - Forget hurt.
Esposito : Two little kids don't have a dad today because ofyou and your boyfriend.
Sonia : Don't think that's not tearing me up.
Sonia : You have to believe me, Javi.
Sonia : I didn't know Ronaldo was going to kill that man.
UNK: That is such a cop-out.
Esposito : You knew what he was capable of.
Esposito : I just didn't think that you were.
Esposito : I thought that deep down you had a good heart.
Esposito : I know that you had a tough go when you were little,
Esposito : but sooner or later you gotta stop blaming your childhood.
Ryan : At some point, when you choose wrong over right,
Esposito : that's on you.
Sonia : It's always been so black and white with you, huh?
Sonia : Espo's rules of life.
UNK: Well, let me tell you something. I spent nine years in that cell
Sonia : while Joey and my dad breathed free air and spent their millions.
UNK: AII I had to hold onto was the money.
UNK: No way in hell I was gonna let that go.
Ronaldo : This is it up ahead.
Esposito : Well, I hope that money's worth it.
UNK: 'Cause you're gonna have to Iive with what you've done
UNK: for the rest ofyour life.
UNK: You should really be nicer to the lady.
Ronaldo : Not that her little soft spot's gonna save you.
Ronaldo : 'Cause once we get that gold...
Beckett : Sonia's dad owned at least a half a dozen businesses.
UNK: Dry cleaners, car wash, a Cuban restaurant.
UNK: AII high cash flow.
Castle : Makes sense if he was selling off his gold bit by bit,
Castle : he'd need a place to launder the money.
Beckett : Well, according to the companies' bank records,
UNK: the weekly receipts were pretty uniform.
Castle : Except, look at this, the dry cleaners.
Castle : About three months ago, there was a spike in the weekly deposit amount.
Castle : And three months before that, and before that.
Beckett : Same with the restaurant.