Castle : - That's the wrong ankle monitor. - Dude...
UNK: I must have transposed the numbers.
Esposito : Was that...
Ryan : Damn it!
Castle : Yeah, she's right there.
Ryan : I got her.
Esposito : Sonia, stop!
UNK: Javi, you okay?
Esposito : Yeah, I'm okay. what are you doing?
UNK: - The guy with the shotgun... - Let me see your hands!
UNK: What?
Sonia : You think I was trying to escape?
Sonia : I see a gun and I run.
Sonia : I was trying to get to a phone to call 911.
Ryan : Not buying it, sweetheart.
Sonia : Irish, I got three months left on my sentence, okay?
UNK: I've already served nine long years.
Sonia : I run right now, they add another two, how dumb do you think I am?
Esposito : Don't answer that. It's a trap, trust me.
UNK: Do you think she's telling the truth?
Darren : I don't know.
Esposito : It's not like she hasn't lied to me before.
Sonia : Damn, I knew you weren't over me.
Esposito : I am so over you.
Esposito : Now, was that Hammerhead thatjumped me with a shotgun?
Sonia : Yeah. That was him.
Joey : Look, I didn't know you were a cop, man.
UNK: You broke into my GG's apartment.
Joey : My shotgun is registered,
Joey : and I have a right to defend my property,
UNK: so y'all got nothing to hold me on.
Esposito : You like sharks, Joey?
UNK: Yeah, they cool, I guess.
Beckett : What's your favorite shark?
Esposito : I like the ones with the funny shaped heads.
Esposito : You know what I'm talking about?
Beckett : Yeah. The hammerheads.
Esposito : Yeah. That's it. That's funny, because we heard that you were Hammerhead.
Joey : Yeah? who told you that?
Joey : Wait, that girl that was with you earlier.
Joey : I knew she looked familiar.
Beckett : Hammerheads aren't usually man-killers, Joey.
Beckett : So, what happened?
UNK: Oof!
Joey : I don't know what you're talking about.
Esposito : Ten years ago you were part of a heist group
Esposito : that used gelatin mixed with perfume to disable security systems.
Esposito : Last night, you used the same recipe to break into a high-security warehouse.
Esposito : Only thing is, you got caught and you murdered a guard.
Joey : Last night I was in Jersey, at my Chicken-Chicken-Chicken.
Joey : It's a chicken restaurant.
Joey : I own seven in the tri-state area.
Esposito : Let me guess,
Esposito : you bought those with your share of the gold-coin heist.
Joey : Even if I did, the statute of limitations is over.
Joey : And I have a dozen witnesses that put me at the Chicken-Chicken-Chicken
UNK: Until 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: So you ain't gonna touch me with this score either.
Beckett : That doesn't mean you weren't a part of the heist.
Beckett : How else would they know about the gelatin formula?
Joey : Easy, I ain't the only one who knew it.
Esposito : Great white?
Beckett : Jimmy Sanchez is dead. We confirmed that.
Joey : Yeah, but he ran other crews.
Joey : Ain't no telling how many of them he told.
Joey : Look, I'm a successful businessman now.
UNK: AII right? Whatever criminal instincts I had,
UNK: Iong gone.
Joey : I'm all about the chicken now.