Esposito : What're you doing?
Ryan : Dude, it's your mom's mofongo.
Ryan : The whole world could be ending, I'd still be chowing down.
Esposito : Wait. where's Beckett?
Ryan : She doesn't know. Because if she did, you'd be in deep trouble.
Ryan : So, we're going to track your girl down before our captain finds out.
UNK: No. I can't ask you to do that.
Ryan : You don't have to, I'm volunteering.
UNK: AII right? So let's turn your brain back on.
Ryan : If Sonia was communicating with the killer,
UNK: and she orchestrated this whole armored car heist
Ryan : to look exactly like the one she went to prison for,
Ryan : knowing that we'd go to talk to her.
Esposito : Then Sonia would get out and lead us to Joey,
Esposito : who pulled a gun so she could run away.
Esposito : The whole thing was an escape plan that she set up with Joey beforehand.
Esposito : Unfortunately for Sonia, we ran her down.
UNK: Okay, assuming all this is true, why now?
Darren : I mean, she had three months left until parole.
Ryan : Why throw that all away?
Esposito : I don't know. But I bet you Joey does.
Joey : I don't know what you're talking about.
Ryan : We pulled your financials, Joey.
Ryan : You know, it turns out that
UNK: Chicken-Chicken-Chicken is bankrupt-bankrupt-bankrupt.
Joey : I'm doing some corporate restructuring. AII right? That's no crime.
Esposito : We also found a pair of phone calls to your phone
Esposito : from the same burner phone that called our victim.
Esposito : Now, that makes you an accessory to murder.
UNK: Okay.
Joey : I got a phone call from a guy that I never met.
UNK: He said he knew I was in trouble and he offered to bail me out.
Ryan : How much would that take?
Joey : Half a million.
Esposito : They didn't get a fraction of that from the bankjob.
Esposito : Sonia's share of the gold. We never found it.
Ryan : Maybe that's why she broke out.
Esposito : But again, why now?
UNK: That money will still be there in three months.
Esposito : Play time's over, Joey.
Esposito : You better tell us who this guy is
UNK: or you're gonna be Iiving in an eight-foot cell
Esposito : until they carry you out in a six-foot box.
Joey : I swear, I'm telling the truth.
UNK: AII right? AII I know is that he was an ex-boyfriend.
Darren : I don't know any of Sonia's ex-boyfriends.
Esposito : Why don't you see ifyou can ID any of them,
Esposito : meanwhile, I'll pull visitor logs from the prison.
UNK: AII right.
Ryan : It's Beckett.
Esposito : - Hey, Captain. - Hey, how's it going?
Ryan : Fine, just running down leads.
UNK: Uh-huh. And how's Javi holding up?
Ryan : He's been better.
Beckett : You know what? I'll bring some Cronuts by in the morning.
Beckett : That usually cheers him up.
Beckett : Okay, I'll talk to you soon. Bye.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Everything all right?
Beckett : I don't know. I hope so.
Martha : - This'll make it better. - Thank you.
Martha : I have to say, Katherine,
Martha : it is so good to have you home.
Esposito : - Thank you. - I second that motion.
UNK: Oh, thank you.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Lucy, what the hell?
Esposito : Turn it off.
Lucy : Whoa, language, Kate. Is there a problem?
Beckett : Oh, really?
Beckett : Well, then, let me make it up to you.
Martha : Isn't that a little extreme?
UNK: No. No, actually. I don't think so.
Beckett : Look, this might sound odd,
Beckett : but ever since I got back, it's like Lucy's been jealous.
UNK: She's an "it."
Alexis : A CPU wrapped in a plastic pyramid, she doesn't have emotions.
Alexis : And she certainly can't be jealous.
Castle : You were saying?