UNK: and the phthalates in the perfume
UNK: create an even distribution over the sensors.
Esposito : But the mix has to be exact.
UNK: 80% Jell-O, 20% perfume.
Ryan : Which is the precise ratio of the gelatin found at our crime scene.
Ryan : Lab sent over the analysis report.
Ryan : Identical to the heist from nine years ago,
Ryan : where the only perp captured was Sonia Ruiz.
UNK: Yeah, that's her.
Beckett : So, obviously, this wasn't a coincidence.
Beckett : Most likely, someone from the crew reused the technique
Beckett : and is behind our victim's murder.
Ryan : Well, it couldn't have been Sonia. She got 15 years.
Beckett : And what about the rest of the crew?
Esposito : Nah, she didn't give up any names.
Esposito : The rumor was that the crew was put together
UNK: by some mysterious shot-caller.
Esposito : Goes by the street name of Great white.
Ryan : Is it possible to trace them through the stolen gold coins?
Ryan : I mean, they had to have tried to sell them at some point.
Esposito : There hasn't been any trace of them since the heist.
Castle : Well, that makes sense.
Castle : If they melted the coins down for the gold,
Castle : that would render the coins untraceable.
Beckett : Espo, why don't we pay Sonia Ruiz a little visit?
Beckett : She might not have turned on her crew back in the day,
Beckett : but after nine years' hard time, we might be able to persuade her.
Esposito : You know what? From what I remember, she may be the type to hold a grudge,
UNK: so you might have better luck taking Castle with you.
UNK: Ooh! Not falling for that trick again.
Castle : Contrary to what you three Ied me to believe,
Castle : those women's prisons are nothing like the late-night Skinemax movies.
UNK: So, have fun.
UNK: AII right, Ms. Ruiz, tell me what you know.
UNK: Sonia Ruiz : Please. I didn't snitch back in the day, why would I start now?
Beckett : Because nine years ago this was just a burglary, and now it's a murder.
Sonia : Murder? who died?
Beckett : An armored truck driver.
Beckett : Look, Sonia, you help me out, I'll help you out.
Sonia : With what?
Sonia : I'm up for parole in three months,
Sonia : and due to overcrowding, I'm locked to get out.
Beckett : Not if I go to your parole hearing
Beckett : and testify that you refused to cooperate in solving a homicide.