UNK: at a bar called, um, EI Toro.
Beckett : Good. I'll have my detectives head off over there.
Sonia : Good luck with that, lady.
Sonia : It's up in Spanish Harlem.
Sonia : No one there talks to the police.
Sonia : However, they will talk to me.
Beckett : You want me to put you on the street?
UNK: No.
Sonia : Hey, you're hanging parole over my head.
Sonia : You want Hammerhead? This is how you get him.
Esposito : The Department of Corrections authorized her furlough?
Beckett : Yeah. Right now, Sonia is our best and only path
Beckett : to Hammerhead's real identity.
Ryan : So what's the plan?
Beckett : You and Espo are gonna head over to the...
Beckett : Excuse me, what's going on? What are you not telling me?
UNK: So... It's a funny story.
UNK: Really...
UNK: Sonia and I, we were kind of involved.
Castle : Involved, like dating?
Esposito : Dating? No. Come on, not dating.
Esposito : We were more like engaged.
Ryan : Engaged? You were...
Ryan : wait a second. AII these years, you never told me that?
Esposito : - You never asked. - You're a cop.
Ryan : How could you get involved with a criminal?
Castle : Well, technically, they were in the same line ofwork,
UNK: so, really, it's a workplace romance.
Esposito : Thank you.
Sonia : I didn't know she was a crook at first, okay?
Esposito : I met her at a club. She seemed normal.
UNK: And we just... we just clicked.
Esposito : And it's probably why she hid who she really was from me.
Beckett : And when did you find out the truth?
Esposito : After it was too late.
Esposito : We were engaged. And then she started acting strange.
Esposito : Disappearing at odd hours.
UNK: And then she couldn't Iook me in the eye.
Esposito : And then news of that gold-coin heist broke and I...
Esposito : I don't know. I knew.
Esposito : And I was the one who arrested her.
Castle : So, did you ask for the ring back or did you let her keep that
Castle : so she could trade it for cigarettes in the prison yard?
UNK: That's... Don't answer that.
Beckett : Okay. So, obviously, you're sitting this one out.
Esposito : Whoa, whoa. Why are you benching me?
UNK: Okay, I get it. But there's no need.
Esposito : Any feelings I had for her died the moment I slapped those cuffs on.
Esposito : Trust me, I am over her completely.
UNK: Javier?
Ryan : You sure you're over her?
UNK: You might wanna tell your mouth.
Castle : Close that up.
Castle : - She's gorgeous. - She a'ight.
UNK: Are you all right?
Castle : You seemed a little taken aback when you first saw her.
UNK: No, man. Just, um...
Esposito : She's literally wearing the same outfit I arrested her in.
Castle : Nine years later, still a great dress.
Esposito : It was a Friday night.
Castle : What's that?
Esposito : It was a Friday night.
Esposito : We went salsa dancing on Friday nights.
Castle : You know, Javier, there's no shame in admitting