Beckett : and you decided to make him stop texting her permanently.
UNK: SCOFFS Well, you're wrong.
Tom : I never touched the dude. I never even met him.
Beckett : Yeah, but it had to have made you angry.
UNK: I won't lie to you, I mean, this whole thing has been tough.
Tom : But Greta and I are building a life together
UNK: and I think we're gonna come out of this stronger.
UNK: Tom, about how tall are you?
UNK: About six foot?
UNK: 6'2".
Beckett : So about the same heig ht as this guy, right?
Charlie : What the hell is that?
Tom : Come on. That's not me.
UNK: When you left the apartment that night,
UNK: where were you for the next hour and a half?
UNK: David was missing for the same amount of time, 2 : 30 to 4 : 00 a.m.
UNK: At the Hudson Law Library. Studying.
Beckett : You were at the library at that hour?
Tom : It's open 24/7 during finals. You can ask the librarian
Tom : and the 10 other people who were studying there.
Castle : I will.
UNK: DOOR OPENS AND SHUTS
Beckett : Tom's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was at the law library between 3 : 00 and 6 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : I really thought that he was our man.
UNK: And it's not like David Lock has any other enemies.
UNK: I mean, we already confirmed that
Beckett : with his friends and co-workers.
Castle : What about recently deceased friends and co-workers?
Beckett : Okay. Well, whatever or whoever this is,
Castle : can we at least agree that he looks like a zombie,
UNK: he dresses like a zombie and he acts like a zombie?
Beckett : And that helps us how?
Castle : We're looking at standard motives here.
Castle : But our killer isn't driven by revenge, greed or power.
Castle : Not if he thinks he's a zombie.
UNK: So then, by that line of thinking,
Beckett : his motive is a primal urge to kill?
Beckett : Regardless of who the victim is, he kills at random.
UNK: Precisely.
Beckett : Then how do you propose that we find a random killer
Beckett : in a city of eight million people?
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Maybe we start with where the victim went
Ryan : during those missing two hours.
Castle : Do tell.
Ryan : Well, the lab ID'd a chemical
Ryan : found recently deposited on the bottom of David Lock's shoes.
Beckett : What kind of chemical?
Ryan : Uh, I won't even begin to try to pronounce it,
UNK: but it is used in three factories in New York and New Jersey.
Beckett : The night that David was killed, he went to a gas station on Houston.
Beckett : Which one of those factories is closest to Houston?
Ryan : The one on the Lower East Side,
Ryan : but it's been closed for over a year.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : Well, we know now this is, in fact, an abandoned factory.
UNK: In a desolate, godforsaken alley.