Ryan : Well, we're not exactly sure that he's...
Charlie : What do you mean you're not sure? What else could he be?
UNK: The point is, this puts you in the clear. We're releasing you.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
Charlie : I'm not sure that's a good idea.
UNK: Charlie, if you were gonna turn, you would've done it by now.
Charlie : This thing. Have you caught it?
UNK: Not yet. Rest assured, we will.
Charlie : I'll just stay here.
Beckett : He won't leave?
Ryan : Charlie's pretty convinced about this whole zombie thing.
Beckett : Yeah, but that's just... That's ridiculous.
Castle : Or is it? Charlie has not been wrong yet.
Castle : Maybe our killer is Patient Zero,
UNK: out there right now in the streets of New York,
Castle : building an army of the undead.
Beckett : Castle, what we are looking for is not a zombie
Beckett : but a very smart criminal who murdered David Lock
Beckett : and is now making our only witness look crazy.
Beckett : And he also dressed up
Beckett : in makeup and a costume to hide his identity.
Castle : Unless that's not costume or makeup.
Ryan : I mean, he does look like a real zombie.
Ryan : A real zombie? I'm embarrassed for you, bro.
BECKETT : Okay, then explain this. Why would a zombie
Beckett : go after a currency trader at 4 : 00 a.m. in a garage?
Castle : This one's easy.
Castle : The more intelligent the victim, the more delicious the brains.
Beckett : So, returning to the land of facts...
Beckett : What did you find at the crime scene canvass?
ESPOSITO : Nada. Only in New York
UNK: can some guy dress like a frigging zombie
Esposito : and walk down the street unnoticed.
Ryan : I did find a gap in our timeline before the murder.
Mike : What do you mean? Well, according to the doorman,
UNK: victim left his apartment at 2 : 00 a.m. and he never came back.
UNK: He was killed at 4 : 00 a.m. What was he doing for two hours?
Esposito : I don't know, but he drove there.
UNK: His credit card showed that he gassed up on Houston at 2 : 44 a.m.
Castle : All right, let's figure out where he went.
Beckett : Trouble might have followed him to the garage.
Castle : Or a zombie did.
Esposito : I'll tell you where he went. Booty call.
Esposito : Tech guys pulled a text message off David's phone.
Esposito : He sent it to a chica the night he died, wanting to hook up with her.
Beckett : Does she have a name?
Esposito : Greta Mastroianni.
UNK: EXHALES I don't understand.
UNK: Greta Mastroianni : Who would do something like this to David?
RYAN : Did you see him that night?
Ryan : We know that he texted you, wanting to come over.
Greta : No. I called him and told him not to.
Greta : I split up with David about a week ago.
Greta : He was still trying to hold on.
UNK: Why did you two split up?
Greta : I'm engaged to Tom. Tom Williams.
Greta : We've been together five years.
Esposito : How did David figure in?
Greta : I met him when I was 21, visiting a cousin in LA.
Greta : We had an intense couple of weeks, you know.
UNK: Then three months ago, I ran into him at a coffee shop.
UNK: And did your fiance know about this affair with David?
Greta : Yeah, he found emails on my computer last week.
Esposito : And how did he react to that?
Greta : He was hurt. He threatened to leave me.
Greta : And that's when I realized what I was about to lose.
Greta : So I broke it off with David
Greta : and begged Tom to give me another chance, and he did.
Esposito : So where was Tom that night?
Greta : Home. We went to bed around 11 : 00.
Ryan : And he was there all night?
Ryan : Greta, where was Tom at 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Look, I don't know, okay?
UNK: I woke up around 2 : 30 and he wasn't there.
UNK: I figured he w as watching TV in the living room.
UNK: But when I got up in the morning...
Ryan : He wasn't in the apartment. So where was he all night?
UNK: I see where you're getting at with this, okay?
Greta : But Tom had nothing to do with it.
Ryan : Did David email you from his office account?
Greta : Yeah. Why?
Esposito : Because that means that your fiance knew where David worked.
UNK: Tom Williams : Look, I can't say I feel bad this guy's dead,
UNK: Tom Williams : but I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : Even though he was trying to snake your fiancee?
Tom : He was out of the picture.
Tom : Greta made her choice and she picked me.
Beckett : Yeah, except he wouldn 't take "no" for an answer.
Castle : You know, I bet you found out that he was texting her