Beckett : Wait. Do you hear that?
Castle : I'm not falling for that.
Charlie : No, no, no, I'm serious. Listen.
UNK: Footsteps. Yeah.
Castle : Lots of them.
UNK: Oh, my God, they're after us! They're after us!
Castle : Who is?
UNK: What are you people doing? Don't just stand there! Run!
Tom : Come on!
Beckett : What the hell's going on?
UNK: MOANING
UNK: GRUNTING
CASTLE : STUTTERING That's a zombie...
Castle : That's a zombie horde!
BECKETT : There's no such thing as zombies.
Castle : I'm sure I don't have to tell you to aim for the head.
Castle : Beckett! Behind us. We're surrounded.
Castle : Oh, jeez. Oh, jeez.
Castle : You don't have enough bullets.
UNK: ZOMBIES MOANING
Castle : It's ground zero for World War Z.
Castle : Get behind me. We'll have to fight our way out.
Martha : Uh... uh...
UNK: This is so not cool.
BECKETT : There's no way this is real.
UNK: NYPD!
Beckett : Stop moving now!
Beckett : And stop pretending to be zombies!
Paul : Hey, hey, hey, take it easy. We're just zombie walking here.
Castle : You're what?
Paul : Zombie walking. It's like an amped up form of tag.
Paul : We dress up like zombies and we chase the normals.
Woman : That would be us.
ZOMBIE : Yeah, if we tag them, we turn them.
UNK: And then they become zombies, too.
Paul : Look, if this is because we didn't get a permit...
BECKETT : It's not!
Beckett : You're all coming with me now.
UNK: How did I not know about this?
Castle : This is outstanding! Did you do this yourself?
UNK: Ugh!
CASTLE : Being a fan of zombie lore, I get it.
Castle : But what's the appeal of being a zombie?
Castle : Look at this guy.
Castle : Who would want to be alive in a decayed, mindless state?
Castle : Being a vampire, that I understand.
Castle : That's the romantic route to immortality.
Castle : The gentleman's monster, as it were.
Beckett : Speaking of monsters,
Beckett : none of these zombies match the photo of our killer.
Castle : Maybe he's trying out a new look.
Castle : How about you?
Castle : If you could be any supernatural creature, what would it be?
Beckett : Van Helsing, no question.
Castle : Monster slayer. Befitting.
Beckett : And imagine,
Beckett : the monster that we are hunting might be in this very room.
UNK: All right, ladies, thanks for your help.
Esposito : I don't know about those shoes with that top.
UNK: I'm just saying, I would've went open-toed.
Beckett : Are you guys having more luck than we are?
ESPOSITO : Not at all.
Esposito : Oh, and guess what?
Esposito : None of these knuckleheads are real zombies.
Ryan : I think what my colleague means to say is that
Ryan : no one recognizes our zombie from
Ryan : the video or our victim, David Lock.
UNK: If David wasn't a part of the zombie crowd,
Beckett : then what was he doing down there?
UNK: He definitely wasn't part of our group, I can tell you that.
Beckett : What about you? Do you recognize him?
UNK: What?
Beckett : Paul, are you high right now?
Paul : Whoa. Whoa, hey, now.
Castle : Where is that LAUGHS coming from?
Charlie : No, no, of course not.
UNK: Hello. BANGS ON TABLE
Castle : Right. Um...
Paul : Yeah, yeah, I don't know this dude. He's not a zombie or a normal.
Rhett : Listen, will this take much longer? I have a class in the morning.
UNK: You a student? Teacher.
UNK: Really? Really?
Rhett : Assistant professor of Anthropology.
Rhett : I believe our fascination with zombies is a cultural phenomenon.
Rhett : A commentary on the inner numbness of modern life.
Beckett : Yeah, okay. Do either of you recognize this, uh, zombie?
Rhett : That's Kyle.
Rhett : Kyle Jennings.
Esposito : NYPD! Kyle Jennings.
Esposito : Is that him?
RYAN : Yeah, that's him.
UNK: Kyle!
Ryan : He's dead.
BECKETT : So do we have cause of death?
UNK: I assume by "we" you mean me.
Perlmutter : I'll have answers after I cut him open.
UNK: Charming.
UNK: Yeah, we're all meat, Castle. Get over it.
Perlmutter : What I can tell you is, his teeth match the bite marks
Perlmutter : and the blood on his clothes came from the victim.
Rhett : Kyle Jennings is your killer.
UNK: Well, the question is, who killed him?
Perlmutter : Isn't that always the question?
CASTLE : Ah, if...
UNK: EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION What is it, Castle?
UNK: No, I was just wondering,
Castle : before this man died, he was behaving exactly like a zombie.
Castle : Is there any medical way to determine
Castle : if he actually was
UNK: one? SCOFFS
Perlmutter : Why is he in my morgue?
Perlmutter : There are no zombies, Castle.
Perlmutter : This is a man.
Perlmutter : He was a live man, now he's a dead man. End of story.
UNK: YELLS ALL SCREAM
UNK: EXCLAIMS
CASTLE : He's undead? EXCLAIMS
UNK: BECKETT CRIES OUT
Beckett : Castle, call for backup!
Castle : How do I... Nine.
UNK: Nine. Nine.
Castle : Is there a police code for "zombie on the loose"?
Beckett : So based on the latest report from the ER,
Beckett : Kyle Jennings was transferred up to ICU.
Beckett : He is stable, but under sedation.
Ryan : I'm telling you, that guy was dead.
Esposito : Remind me never to choke on a chicken bone in front of you.
Ryan : Hey, you checked that guy. So did the paramedics.
Beckett : Whoa, you guys!
UNK: I'm sure that there's a medical explanation for it.
Castle : There's an explanation, all right.
Beckett : Besides that one.
Castle : Come on, you were there, you saw it. He rose from the dead.
Beckett : He didn't rise from the dead, Castle.
Beckett : He wasn't dead in the first place.
Esposito : He's not a zombie, Castle. He's just a murderer.
Castle : Well, then, what was his motive
Castle : for murder, Detective Esposito?
Castle : Kyle sold insurance. He had no criminal record.
Castle : There's no evidence he even knew our victim.
Beckett : He's a human killer, with a human motive.
Castle : Or he's a zombie killer, with a zombie motive.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: WHISPERING Tasty brains.
UNK: SOFTLY Castle, do you really believe in all this zombie stuff?
Ryan : Because I would swear on my nana's grave
Ryan : that Kyle Jennings was dead.
Castle : No. You know what I do believe in?
Castle : Driving Beckett crazy.
Ryan : Yeah, I have to say, it's good to see you guys hitting it off again.