UNK: Far from a random act of zombie mayhem,
Castle : this murder was fiendishly deliberate. It was meticulously planned.
Beckett : By someone with a powerful motive.
Castle : With access to those drugs.
Beckett : Who was also at our zombie walk.
Castle : But we interviewed those people.
Castle : There's no evidence that David knew any of them
Castle : or had anything to do with the zombie scene.
Castle : Well, we know he was down there.
Beckett : He had to have gone there for a reason.
Beckett : Maybe our best bet is to work this through the drug angle.
Ryan : I got started on that, and I did some research on scopolamine.
UNK: Nice. Quite the list of side effects
Ryan : including drowsiness, confusion, slurred speech.
UNK: Death.
Beckett : Is it available on the street?
Ryan : It's uncommon, but it's out there. And get this,
Ryan : users refer to it as the "zombie drug."
Castle : And I know just the zombie to tell us all about it.
UNK: Hey, what is this? I answered all your guys' questions.
Beckett : When you were here last time, what were you on?
UNK: On? What do you... What do you mean?
Beckett : You were under the influence, Paul.
UNK: Heavily under the influence. Was it scopolamine?
Paul : Whoa, what now?
Beckett : Do you use the zombie drug?
Paul : I suppose that's possible.
Beckett : Do any of the other zombies use it?
Paul : Some do.
UNK: Some say it enhances the zombie experience.
Beckett : Where did you get it?
UNK: A guy down there sells the stuff. Who? What's his name?
Esposito : I don't know. I never asked.
Beckett : Well, describe him.
Paul : Dark hair. Tall, over six feet.
Beckett : Is this him?
Ryan : Yeah. That's him.
BECKETT : Thanks for coming in again, Tom.
Tom : Sure. Though I'm not sure what I can do. I heard you caught the guy.
BECKETT : Yeah, well, we just needed
Beckett : you to help us tie up a few loose ends.
Beckett : So, this is our suspect, Kyle Jennings.
UNK: Yeah, I remember from last time.
UNK: Now, you said that you've never seen him before?
UNK: Well, CHUCKLES he'd be hard to miss, right?
UNK: Yeah, it's funny, 'cause Kyle said he saw you.
BECKETT : Yeah, he says you were at the zombie walk.
UNK: You never told us that you're part of the zombie subculture.
Tom : Detective, I'm pre-law.
Tom : I have no time for regular culture, let alone subculture.
Castle : Tom, you're too modest. A number of zombies sang your praises.
Beckett : Yeah, apparently you're the go-to guy