UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was fond of Sarah.
Beckett : Fond enough that you were able to masquerade as her mother.
Beckett : You had motive to kill her,
Beckett : that's why you tried to flee the country.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : What motive?
Beckett : Her will shows that she planned to leave you $300,000.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : She's a generous girl, my Sarah.
Castle : She's not your Sarah.
Beckett : And that's not your money.
Beckett : You knew she wrote you into her will.
Castle : In fact, you probably planned it all along.
Beckett : So when she confronted you, you knew that you had a narrow window
Beckett : within which to kill her before she wrote you out.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : Here's your problem.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I am not your killer.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : If I were you,
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I'd look into the other man in her life.
Castle : What other man?
UNK: The one that gave her the two-karat Arthur Klein earrings just the other day.
Beckett : Does this other man have a name?
UNK: Well, Sarah didn't tell me that.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : But whoever he was,
UNK: they must have just split up because he was trying to win her over.
UNK: Really? You're gonna point us to a mysterious stranger?
UNK: Gloria Chambers : It's the truth.
Beckett : Coming from a professional liar.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was nowhere near this godforsaken soap set when she died.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was doing something useful with my time.
Castle : Reading to the blind?
UNK: Mmm. Close. I was donating
UNK: Gloria Chambers : to the ponies.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : OTB receipts in Gloria's purse put her betting on races until 10 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : And our time of death is estimated at 11 : 00 on the outside,
Beckett : and we don't have anything to tie her to the studio.
Castle : I thought fake mom was a lock.
UNK: It's starting to look less that way by the minute.
Ryan : I found the earrings that Gloria talked about in Sarah's apartment.
UNK: Fancy!
UNK: Yeah, over 10 grand worth of fancy.
UNK: Those are worth over 10 grand? For these?
Beckett : Lanie loves diamonds.
Castle : "Diamonds are forever, like my devotion to you."
Castle : Who writes notes this cheesy?
Ryan : Well, not the husband.
Ryan : I checked on his financials. He didn't buy them.
Beckett : Okay, so maybe Gloria was telling us the truth.
Beckett : Maybe Sarah was having an affair.
Castle : Well, that makes perfect sense.
Castle : Sarah was separated from her husband, Vince.
Castle : And after long, grueling days at work,
Castle : she'd go home to a cold, empty apartment.
Castle : Feeling lonely, betrayed,
UNK: she seeks comfort in the arms of this mystery man.
Beckett : And she decides that she wants her husband back,