UNK: Carrie Edwards : We were gonna send a whole bunch of axes to the head of the network,
UNK: Carrie Edwards : demanding that Sarah be fired.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I've got everybody on my website doing it.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : We want them to know that we think Sarah's ruining the show!
Beckett : Where were you last night between 7 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I was chatting with the other FoxCans.
Castle : Wild guess. Alone?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No. No, and I can prove it.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : Mary and Dennis were home.
Beckett : And those are your roommates?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No, my parents.
UNK: I just don't see that girl swinging an ax, let alone leaving her house.
UNK: What's the matter? A homicidal fan not soapy enough for you?
UNK: You know, when you say "soapy," I conjure up images...
Beckett : Castle, focus.
Castle : I am.
Beckett : - On our suspect. - Oh.
Beckett : I mean, you saw how obsessive she was.
Beckett : She invests in these fictional relationships.
UNK: She cares if Angela gonna get back together with Alfonso,
Beckett : if Marguerite's gonna survive her cancer scare.
Castle : Oh, my God.
UNK: What?
UNK: What?
UNK: No.
UNK: No one said anything about Marguerite's cancer scare.
Castle : You know a lot about shippers, you know about FoxCans.
Beckett : Okay, maybe I watched it, like, once or twice.
Castle : It's just so delightfully not you!
Castle : That is completely different. That is for research.
Esposito : What was for research?
UNK: Beckett/castle : - Nothing. - Nothing.
UNK: Mary and Dennis confirmed that blogger chick was in her room all night.
Castle : What about the cast and crew?
Esposito : So far all their alibis checked out.
Esposito : But I was looking over Sarah's schedule.
Esposito : Last week, there were a couple of appointments that just say "M."
UNK: Then there was another one the day before the murder,
Esposito : and then one scheduled for tomorrow.
UNK: So?
Esposito : So her assistant didn't schedule these, which means it was personal.
Esposito : And her husband didn't know about them either.
UNK: With Sarah's workload,
Castle : it must've been important for her to make time.
Esposito : Exactly, and her husband and assistant both say
UNK: that when she came back from these appointments, she was upset.
UNK: All right, let's see what we can dig up from that.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett.
UNK: Hey. What'd you find at the apartment?
Ryan : Her husband's stuff.
Ryan : His clothes are gone and only her stuff is in the bathroom.
Ryan : So I talked to the doorman,
Ryan : and he said that Vince hasn't lived there in almost two months.
Ryan : They've been separated.
Beckett : Funny he didn't mention that earlier.
UNK: Vincent Powers : Look, I knew if I told you that my marriage was in trouble,
UNK: Vincent Powers : that I would be suspect number one.
UNK: Maybe.
Beckett : But now that we know that you lied, it makes you look even worse.
Castle : Why did you separate?
UNK: Vincent Powers : Everything changed after Sarah got the big promotion.
UNK: Vincent Powers : If I wanted to spend time with my own wife,
UNK: Vincent Powers : I had to schedule an appointment.
UNK: Vincent Powers : It wasn't working, so I moved out.
Beckett : You know, there's another version of this story
Beckett : where your wife kicked you out and then she demanded a divorce.
Castle : Only this way, you don't have to worry about splitting your assets.
UNK: Vincent Powers : I didn't kill my wife.
Beckett : Well, then, where were you the night that she was killed?
UNK: Vincent Powers : I was at the hotel. I went there immediately
UNK: Vincent Powers : after we wrapped here.
Beckett : And can anyone vouch for that?
Castle : Come on, Vince.
Castle : Tell us you were alone.
Castle : It'll make arresting you that much easier.
UNK: I...