UNK: Peter Connelly : Just to make her stop, I agreed that I would talk to Sarah.
Castle : Only now, you don't have to.
UNK: Reese! Grab your laptop and join the group.
UNK: Peter Connelly : We're all hands on deck.
UNK: Reese Harmon : You mean it?
UNK: Peter Connelly : I'm not gonna ask you twice.
Castle : Sounds like you're pretty desperate.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Mr. Castle, you publish, what, one book a year?
Castle : Give or take.
UNK: Peter Connelly : In that same time period, we produce 250 episodes.
UNK: Peter Connelly : I'm down a writer.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Reese wrote some script about horses that Sarah actually liked.
UNK: Peter Connelly : So, yeah, I'm gonna take the extra help where I can get it.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Unless, of course, you'd like to jump in.
Castle : You know what's interesting?
Castle : With Sarah out of the way,
Castle : Mandy gets to stay on the show and you get promoted.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Hey, I'm a professional.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Mandy's staying
UNK: because Angela Cannon is the heart and soul of this show.
Beckett : Well, where have I heard that before?
Beckett : We'll keep in touch.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: So, the hotel confirmed that the time sensors in Vince's mini-bar
UNK: were activated till 11 : 30 p.m.
Beckett : So I guess our deadly love triangle wasn't so deadly after all.
Esposito : Not on his side, anyway. But the hot news is,
Esposito : Ryan got a hit on those mystery appointments that Sarah was going to.
Esposito : He found credit card charges
Esposito : that matched up time and date to the meetings.
Beckett : And where was she going?
Esposito : To a coffee shop on 7th.
UNK: And according to her calendar, her next meeting is in about an hour.
Beckett : Castle, you up for a coffee break?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : Here you go.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : Can I help you?
Beckett : Yes, I hope so. Do you recognize this woman?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : She can't be dead. She can't be dead. She can't.
UNK: I'm so sorry, Ms. Goldberg.
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : It's not fair. It is so not fair.
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : What am I supposed to do?
Beckett : Did the two of you know each other very well?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : Actually, I didn't know her at all.
Castle : Then why would you be so upset?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : Well, because
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : she promised she would read my screenplay,
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : and if she liked it,
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : she would help me find an agent.
Beckett : Who would she meet when she came here?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : What's it matter?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : She's dead. I lost my chance.
Castle : I'll tell you what.
Castle : I'll make you a deal.
Castle : If you tell us what happened after that,
Castle : I'll read your script, and if I like it,
Castle : I'll give it to my agent.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Really.
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : She met with a guy and they sat at a table in the corner.
Beckett : Do you remember what he looked like?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : Like him. Exactly like him.
UNK: Give me a double espresso, will you?
UNK: Lauren Goldberg : What about my script?
Castle : I'll come back and get it when we're done.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Do I know you?
Beckett : I'm a friend of Sarah Cutler.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Yeah? You bring my money?
Beckett : What money?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Look, I did what she asked.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : And now I want what I'm owed.
Beckett : And, what is it that she asked you to do?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : None of your damn business. Who the hell are you?
UNK: NYPD.
UNK: Sarah's dead, so it is my business. Now, who the hell are you?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Johnny Dimes. I'm a P.I.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Sarah Cutler was a client.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : What do you mean, she's dead?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : She's dead. Only really has the one meaning.
Beckett : Did she hire you to follow her husband?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Husband? No.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : She hired me to investigate Gloria Chambers.
Castle : The mom.
Castle : I knew it. Was she involved in organ harvesting?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : That didn't really come up.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : But I can tell you this,
UNK: Vince Powers : Gloria Chambers isn't her real birth mom.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : She's a fake.
UNK: Oh...
Castle : The mom isn't really the mom?
Castle : Does it get any soapier than that?
UNK: Ooh! Is that the P.I.'s file on Sarah's faux-mother?
Beckett : Yeah. Apparently, Gloria showed up three years ago
Beckett : claiming to be Sarah's birth mom, and Sarah got suspicious,
Beckett : so she hired a P.I. in order to look into Gloria's history.
Castle : What nefarious scheme has Gloria set into motion?
Castle : Perhaps she planned on replacing Sarah with a clone.
Beckett : She wanted Sarah's money.
UNK: Money?
UNK: Yeah. Sorry to burst your bubble, Castle,
Beckett : but Gloria's got a history of insurance scams,
Beckett : and husbands with empty bank accounts.
UNK: - Are we bringing her in? - We're trying.
UNK: We've put out an APB. Her apartment's empty,
Beckett : and the doorman saw her leave with a suitcase this morning.
UNK: Ooh!
Beckett : So, maybe Dimes tells Sarah about Gloria.
Beckett : Sarah confronts her,
Beckett : and then Gloria kills Sarah in order to avoid exposure.
Castle : And after playing the role of grieving mother on set,