UNK: Yeah, we already sent a uniform.
Ryan : He's not home and he's not answering his phone.
Castle : My mother was speaking to him earlier on set.
Castle : Hi, sweetie. Is Gram there? I need to talk to her.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Castle : I know where the killer is.
Castle : He's with my mother.
Beckett : Castle, it's okay. I'm sure your mom's not in any danger.
Castle : Yeah, you're probably right.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'm sorry, my dear, but after everything I've told you,
UNK: Lance Hastings : I can't let you leave this room alive.
UNK: Lance, think about what you're doing.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'm thinking about it. Think about us!
UNK: I can't let you live! - Can't you...
Castle : Drop the knife!
Beckett : Drop the weapon!
UNK: Lance Hastings : Wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait, wait!
Martha : Richard! What are you doing?
Castle : Nothing. Just saving your life. That's all.
Castle : She said drop the knife!
Martha : The only thing that knife could kill is butter.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : It's a prop.
UNK: We were just working on a scene.
Martha : Guys, it was completely my idea.
Martha : You know, the actor's version of "show me your golf swing."
Castle : The knife may be fake,
UNK: but the ax you put into Sarah's back was real.
Beckett : You lied to Detectives Ryan and Esposito
Beckett : regarding your whereabouts the night of the murder.
UNK: You want the truth?
Beckett : That would be a great place to start.
UNK: Lance Hastings : You can't handle the truth!
Beckett : Sir, I am not interested in your Jack Nicholson impressions.
Beckett : We know that you went back to the studio the night of the murder.
Beckett : And what I'm asking is why.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It was a friendly conversation between colleagues.
UNK: Lance Hastings : A friendly conversation in which she told you
Beckett : she was going to go back to her husband?
UNK: Lance Hastings : What the hell are you talking about? Why would she do that?
Castle : Because she was breaking up with you.