Castle : I know you aren't cooking breakfast, so what is all this?
Martha : Spring cleaning.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Well, Mother, I am shocked that you even know how to operate a sponge.
Martha : I have cleaned before.
UNK: Well, I've supervised cleaning before.
Castle : And what has prompted this sudden burst of domestic devotion?
Martha : The space for my acting school won't be ready for another month,
Martha : Alexis is all busy with her AP tests.
Martha : - My lunch date canceled. - Oh.
Martha : And if I don't do something productive, I'm gonna tear my hair out.
Martha : So out of my way.
UNK: All right, then.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Speaking of hair.
Castle : Hello, Beckett.
UNK: Yes. 177721 st Street. All right, I'll meet you there.
UNK: Did you say 177721 st Street?
Castle : Yeah. There was a murder there. Why?
Martha : I know that address. That's Gemstar Studios.
Castle : The soap opera you used to be on.
Martha : I hope it's nobody that I know. Maybe I should go with you.
UNK: It's a crime scene, Mother. For trained professionals.
Martha : Richard Castle, you are neither trained nor a professional.
Castle : I'll text you with updates.
Esposito : Victim's name is Sarah Cutler.
Esposito : Looks like she was killed last night and stuffed into a closet on set.
Beckett : Was she a part of the production?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Let me guess, the diva actress that everyone hated?
Esposito : Actually, Castle, she was a writer.
Esposito : A writer?
UNK: Why would anyone wanna kill a writer?
Beckett : So many reasons.
Castle : Or maybe, Sarah discovered that Greek billionaire Mikkos
Castle : had invented a machine that could cause blizzards,
Castle : that would plunge the entire world into an ice age.
Beckett : Really? You're gonna go with a evil weather machine?
Castle : It already happened.
Castle : Look, bear in mind, we're entering into a world of epic drama
UNK: with larger-than-life characters,
UNK: each one teeming with twisted secrets and personal intrigue.
Castle : It stands to reason that the motive for this murder
Castle : will be worthy of a soap opera.
Beckett : Castle, even in a world of epic drama,
Beckett : the motives are usually quite ordinary.
UNK: Now, does this look ordinary to you?
UNK: The victim with an ax in her back on the set of her own show.
Castle : Odds are the killer walks amongst us on this very soundstage.
UNK: So, what have we got?
Lanie : Her spinal cord was severed with the ax.
Lanie : Upon contact, her lungs filled with blood, causing her to drown.
Lanie : I can put the time of death in a four-hour window,
UNK: somewhere between 7 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m. last night.
UNK: And where did this ax come from?
UNK: It's the fire ax on the stage.
Esposito : Crew members think it might be symbolic.
UNK: Symbolic?
UNK: When Ms. Cutler took over writing the show,
Esposito : first thing she did was kill off one of the main characters with an ax.
UNK: It helped save the show, but some of the fans were unhappy.
Lanie : You damn right we were unhappy.
UNK: and then, all a sudden...
UNK: Lanie.
Lanie : Right. Based on the CSU sweep, she was killed right here.
Lanie : The killer wiped up the blood spatter and shoved her in the closet.
Castle : Which means they knew there was a closet to shove her into,
Castle : suggesting someone familiar with the layout.
Castle : An insider, perhaps.
Ryan : I just checked with security. They're on high alert now,
Ryan : but as you can tell, things aren't exactly buttoned up around here.
Beckett : And what about the cameras?
Ryan : Only one at the main entrance.
Ryan : But no one was manning the entrance to this soundstage.
Beckett : Oh! So it is possible that someone from the outside got in.
Beckett : Have you talked to next of kin?
Esposito : Husband was on set when the body was discovered.
Esposito : Turns out he's one of the directors.
UNK: Okay. So, why don't you guys get statements
Beckett : from the actors that found her?
Beckett : Castle and I'll talk to the husband.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It's tragic, really. Sarah was a gem. Supremely talented, too.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : It all begins with the words.
Esposito : But it's also how you say them.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : So true.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : My performance brings Angela Cannon to life.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Without Sarah's words,
UNK: I'd just an incredibly gorgeous woman named Mandy Bronson.
UNK: Lance Hastings : She really understood Joseph Fox.
UNK: Lance Hastings : My character. He's very complicated.
UNK: Complicated?
UNK: A five-year-old could write him.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'd be insulted if you actually knew anything about acting.
UNK: Ms. Bronson, what time did you leave the studio last night?
UNK: We wrapped at 6 : 00 and I went straight home.
UNK: I drew a bath,
UNK: Mandy Bronson : poured a glass of wine, put on a little John Legend.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Then I slipped out of my silk robe
UNK: Mandy Bronson : and let the bubbles soak every inch of my body.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Dude.
Esposito : - Dude. - Dude.
UNK: I was just...
Ryan : - Mr. Hastings, how about you? - Ditto.
Ryan : You also drew a bubble bath and listened to some John Legend?
UNK: Lance Hastings : No, I left right after we wrapped.
Esposito : And when did you last see Sarah?
UNK: Lance Hastings : She came down to the set right before we shot a love scene.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : More like a torture scene
UNK: Mandy Bronson : with me getting smothered by his bulk.
UNK: Why don't get your ass to the gym?
UNK: I'll go to the gym if you pop a Tic Tac the next time we have to kiss.
Ryan : Can we get back to Sarah for just one more moment?
Ryan : Did she have any enemies in the production?
UNK: Lance Hastings : No, no. Sarah was wonderful. Everybody loved her.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Yeah, she treated everyone with respect.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : I can't imagine who would do this.
Beckett : Mr. Powers, when was the last time you heard from your wife?
UNK: Vince Powers : I spoke with Sarah last night.
Lanie : Right here, right where we're standing right now.
Beckett : And what did the two of you talk about?
UNK: Vince Powers : End of the day, just touching base.