CAMERON : Pain is the issue.
Cameron : Just the pressure of the BP cuff
Cameron : was enough to start her screaming.
Chase : That's not cancer.
Chase : It sounds like...
House : Sounds like she's septic.
Foreman : A lot of things can cause pain.
UNK: How much pain?
Cameron : Too much.
Foreman : It's not cancer. It's not autoimmune.
Foreman : It's an infection and we fried her immune system.
CHASE : But she had no fever. Her LP was clear.
House : Do an echo. Confirm it's in the heart.
House : And then I'll tell our patient that we just killed her.
Foreman : I'll tell her.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
UNK: Hi. You haven't been returning my phone calls.
House : I'm busy.
Bonnie : Well, but if you have half an hour
UNK: a little later this afternoon,
Bonnie : I just found this unit ten minutes from here.
Bonnie : It hasn't been on the market yet.
House : I'm off the market for condos.
Bonnie : James was right?
Bonnie : I never had the teeniest chance of selling you anything?
House : Of course he was right.
UNK: Wilson doesn't stop giving good advice just 'cause you're divorced.
House : He's compulsive about remaining on good terms with his exes.
UNK: Do you wanna know why I named that dog Hector?
House : No. Let's keep it a mystery.
Bonnie : Because even when he was a puppy,
Bonnie : he was the worst-tempered dog we'd ever seen.
Bonnie : He was supposed to be house-trained.
Bonnie : He'd pee on the carpet every morning.
Bonnie : When we had people over, he had to nip at their ankles.
Bonnie : "Hector does go rug" is an anagram for "Doctor Greg House".
Bonnie : That's how early in the marriage I resented you.
House : Wow. Did I ever waste money on that place setting.
Bonnie : James at least had the decency
Bonnie : to feel guilty when he hurt me.
UNK: Whereas I didn't hurt you.
UNK: I didn't even marry you, cleverly hoping to avoid moments like this one.
Bonnie : You always needed him and he was always there for you.
UNK: If you keep yelling, I'll think you'll owe me sex.
Bonnie : You knew he had a wife waiting at home. You didn't care.
UNK: Now, I'm not saying you broke up the marriage, but you didn't help.
UNK: First, "Hector does go rug" is a lame anagram.
UNK: You want a better one for Gregory House? "Huge ego. Sorry."
UNK: Second, find a new career.
UNK: You're never gonna sell anybody
UNK: if you let them control the agenda.
UNK: And third, I don't owe you anything.
UNK: I'm not Wilson. I'm not gonna buy a condo just to make you feel better.
WILSON : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : Tell me how to do this.
Foreman : House says people thank you after.
Wilson : It's not typical.
Foreman : I already killed this woman.
Foreman : All I can do now is not make any more mistakes.
Wilson : First of all, stop thinking you can minimize the hurt.
Wilson : A lot of people are afraid of the word "dying."
Wilson : If you pussyfoot around it, she's not going to read your mind.
UNK: Okay. No, it's not.
Wilson : When you look in her face,
UNK: you're gonna feel the instinct to temporize.
Wilson : Crush it.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : Then wait.
Wilson : Give her time to process the news.
Wilson : Let her know you'll be with her through all of it.
UNK: Wait till she's done thinking,
UNK: till she meets your eyes again.
UNK: Then if you feel it's appropriate, you can touch her.
UNK: Maybe put your hand on her arm like this.
Wilson : Let her know she's still connected to another human being.
Foreman : You've got this down to a science.
Wilson : You're freaking out.
Foreman : I told you... Give her what she needs.
Wilson : What she doesn't need is a doctor who's not there with her
Wilson : because he made the wrong call.
Wilson : You are freaking out. You should be freaking out.
Foreman : I won't let her see it.
Foreman : Let her see it.
UNK: Hey.
Lupe : How come no mask?
Foreman : We think...
Foreman : You have an infection.
Lupe : Didn't the radiation work?
Foreman : It did what it was supposed to do.
Foreman : You're dying.
Lupe : What do you mean? Like things are bad and that someday I'm gonna...
Lupe : How much time?