Lupe : He thinks he's better than he is.
House : How good is he?
Lupe : I don't know.
Lupe : Can we get back to what's wrong with me?
House : There's a small possibility of leukemia at some time in the future.
House : Hardly worth mentioning.
UNK: You can't say he thinks he's better than he is
House : if you don't know how good he is.
Lupe : No one's as good as he thinks he is.
Wilson : I am.
House : You might also get cataracts.
House : Sign here.
Lupe : I don't know.
Lupe : You're telling me how dangerous this is.
House : We're saving your life.
House : We're that good. Sign there.
Lupe : I can't decide.
House : Would you rather a pencil or a pen?
House : Who's the better James Bond, Sean Connery or Daniel Craig?
Bonnie : You see? That's not even a decision.
Lupe : It's happening again.
Lupe : I can't. I can't.
UNK: PANTING
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
UNK: ALARM BEEPING
Lupe : Up her blood thinners and get her down to Radiology.
Lupe : The attack will be over in 20 minutes.
UNK: Then she'll wanna sign this.
Wilson : Bonnie called last night to talk about the dog.
Wilson : Your name came up.
House : Good Lord!
House : How do you still have teeth?
Wilson : She's the worst realtor in New Jersey.
Wilson : What is this? Escalation?
Wilson : I go out with Cuddy, you hook up with my ex?
Wilson : I don't even know what that's designed to do.
House : You're an addict.
House : I'm saving you from yourself.
Wilson : By condo shopping? Thank you.
House : If I can figure out where you keep going wrong,
House : then I can nip this Cuddy thing in the bud
House : before she becomes the fourth ex-Mrs. Wilson.
Wilson : Yes. I was worried there was no way to stop that train.
House : You have to have sex with Cuddy.
Wilson : Wait. To stop the train?
UNK: Bonnie said I'm bad in bed?
UNK: Huh?
House : Yeah. She also said
UNK: that if she'd slept with you before she liked you
UNK: then it would've made it easier to handle
House : when you turned into the sorry bastard who left her alone.
Wilson : I told her you were wasting her time, by the way.
House : You think that's gonna stop her?
House : The woman's the worst realtor in New Jersey.
Foreman : How do you feel?
UNK: Weak.
UNK: Sleeping a lot.
CAMERON : That's normal after radiation.
FOREMAN : Deep breath.
UNK: GROANS