Lupe : How much time?
Foreman : We can't know exactly.
Lupe : A year?
Lupe : Less than a year?
Foreman : Less than 24 hours.
Lupe : I don't understand.
UNK: Why are you saying this to me? You're trying to scare me?
Lupe : Why would you do that?
Foreman : I'm sorry.
Foreman : It's true.
Lupe : How bad is this cancer? Yesterday you thought I had a chance.
Foreman : You don't have cancer.
Foreman : You came in with an infection.
Foreman : We didn't catch it.
Lupe : What kind of infection?
Foreman : Doesn't matter.
UNK: SIGHS
Foreman : Radiation was the worst thing we could have done.
Foreman : We destroyed the part of your body that was fighting it off.
UNK: It's spread to your heart.
Lupe : Then give me drugs.
Lupe : They have drugs for infections.
Foreman : Antibiotics work with the immune system,
Foreman : but your immune system is nonexistent because of the radiation.
Lupe : If it's my heart, you can get me a new heart.
Lupe : People have heart transplants all the time!
Foreman : It wouldn't help.
Foreman : The infection's everywhere.
Foreman : There's nothing anybody can do.
UNK: SIGHS
Foreman : I'm so sorry.
UNK: We'll call your grandparents.
Lupe : Get the hell away from me! Get out!
Lupe : Get out!
UNK: GROANS
CAMERON : I think it's broken.
Foreman : Nothing like a melodramatic gesture to solve everything.
Cameron : We were wrong, too. Steroids wouldn't have helped her.
UNK: I didn't not help her. I actually pulled the trigger.
Cameron : There's nothing left for you to do.
Cameron : One of us could go home with...
UNK: You're trying to make me feel better?
UNK: Yeah. I killed a woman.
Foreman : Don't you think it's appropriate
Foreman : I feel like crap for at least a little while?
UNK: It won't help her.
Foreman : Where is he?
Cameron : He went to the ICU.
Foreman : What are you doing?
House : Prepping for an aspiration.
House : We still don't know what infection...
UNK: It's not gonna help her.
UNK: It's not gonna hurt her.
UNK: Well, it is gonna hurt her but it's not gonna...
UNK: No.
House : This'll just take a few minutes.
UNK: I'll grab a piece of an abscess,
House : some pus... You really don't care.
Foreman : You really don't care why she's gonna be dead.
UNK: She's gonna be dead because...
UNK: What?
House : What did we screw up? What did we miss?
House : I need to know.
Foreman : You'll have to wait.