Chase : A gentle, polite reminder once a week is hardly stalking.
Chase : There's a mass. Just outside the lingula.
Chase : Biopsy shows there are white blood cells
Chase : in the walls of the blood vessels.
House : They're not supposed to get past the bouncers.
Cameron : Got to be autoimmune, something lymphocytic.
Chase : White blood cells are attacking her own body.
House : Only question is, what kind of autoimmune?
Foreman : Doesn't matter what kind.
House : It always matters what kind.
UNK: Treatment's always steroids.
House : Treatment is always boring.
UNK: Diagnosis... Okay.
Foreman : It's affecting the larger blood vessels.
Foreman : Gotta be giant cell arteritis. I'll start her on steroids.
Foreman : It's affecting the smaller blood vessels.
Foreman : Gotta be lupus vasculitis.
Foreman : I'll start her on steroids.
Foreman : It's affecting... Yeah. Got it.
Foreman : Start her on steroids.
Foreman : Good idea.
House : Told you. That was boring.
House : I gotta go out. Why?
House : Wilson's got a date.
UNK: It's got an open floor plan.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Bonnie : You know, I can't believe you called me.
House : Hey. I need a condo.
House : Didn't you and Wilson have your first date around here?
Bonnie : Wow! You remember where our first date was?
Bonnie : I didn't think you were paying attention.
House : Really? He's my best friend.
Bonnie : Our first date was in Boston.
UNK: Oh.
House : Not quite as close to here as I remember.
Bonnie : But we're not here to talk about him.
House : Absolutely not.
UNK: Wait till you see the kitchen.
UNK: All-granite countertops.
House : Since I wasn't paying attention back then,
House : what was it like dating him?
Cuddy : So this is Hockney? No.
Wilson : I don't know what happened.
Cuddy : I'm sure you don't.
Cuddy : I never knew your tastes were so eclectic.
Wilson : Oh, the Hockney exhibit finished on April 20th.
Wilson : I thought it was May 20th.
Wilson : Okay. My bad.
Wilson : This is not somewhere I'd bring someone on a date.
Wilson : Not that this is a date. Obviously.
Wilson : I was just thinking...
Wilson : He's doing landscapes on multiple canvases now.
Wilson : And they're kind of peaceful and you're always so busy...
UNK: Wow.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Cuddy : I don't think I've ever seen you embarrassed before.
Bonnie : Oh, it was never a date.
Bonnie : I was coming off a bad relationship
Bonnie : and he said we could go out as friends.
UNK: You know, just go see plays, go to a museum.
Bonnie : I didn't think you liked Trenton.
House : Love it.
House : So he'd say it's not a date but then he'd jump you.
Bonnie : Oh, no. He meant it.
House : James Wilson, carefully calibrating
Bonnie : his level of protectiveness for your individual needs.
House : Did you just compare Wilson to a tampon?
UNK: CHUCKLES No.
Bonnie : It was very endearing. He really just wanted to be a friend.
Bonnie : So I jumped him.
Bonnie : The bedroom's through here.
CUDDY : That's such a bad idea.
Cuddy : There's no way that won't cause damage to the large intestine.
Wilson : Are you keeping us here to torture me?
Wilson : Is that a bicycle pump?
Cuddy : That's what I'm saying.
Bonnie : It's like walking into a sticky trap.
UNK: And once you're the focus of all that attention, it's addictive.
Bonnie : This unit's kitchen's got a chef's oven.
House : I cook a lot. Go on.
UNK: But it's the emotional stuff that really sucks you in.
Bonnie : He's just so knight-in-shining-armor, you know?
Bonnie : Always there to support you, until one day he's not.
Bonnie : But by then you're hooked.
UNK: Hey, do you think that you could talk to him about taking the dog?
Bonnie : He's the only one that Hector really gets along with.
House : Hey, we're here to talk real estate, not Wilson.
House : So you're saying if you'd actually had sex
House : before you connected emotionally, you'd have gotten over him.
UNK: CHUCKLES Oh, yeah. Seems weird, right?
Bonnie : 'Cause sex with James is fantastic.
Bonnie : Nobody works harder to give a woman what she wants.
Bonnie : It's got six burners.