UNK: Scariest 30 seconds of my life.
Lupe : I couldn't do anything.
Lupe : It's like I couldn't move inside my head.
UNK: It's called abulia.
Foreman : The inability to make a decision or exercise will.
Lupe : Is it going to happen again?
Foreman : It's part of a TIA. A transient ischemic attack.
Foreman : Blood was cut off to a section of your frontal lobe.
UNK: Is it like a stroke or something?
Man : A little.
Foreman : What drugs have you taken recently?
Lupe : No drugs.
Foreman : Toxins are another possibility.
Foreman : You might have been exposed to something at work, for instance.
Lupe : No real job right now.
Foreman : Exposure can build up over time
Foreman : and lie dormant for a while.
UNK: What was your last job? Pet store.
Foreman : Exotic pets?
Lupe : Tropical fish.
Foreman : And before that?
UNK: Unemployment.
Foreman : And before that,
Lupe : I sold subscriptions on the phone.
Foreman : And before that, unemployment.
Foreman : Before that, I worked at Jeans Gone Wild.
Lupe : Before that, unemployment. Before that, I walked dogs.
Foreman : And before that...
House : Loss of free will. I like it.
House : Maybe we can get Thomas Aquinas in for a consult.
House : What caused the TIA?
Foreman : Arteries are clear. No sign of a clot.
Cameron : Could have dissolved. Most likely came from her heart.
Cameron : We should do a bubble study.
Foreman : Clots are unlikely in a 28-year-old who's not on the pill.
Foreman : It's probably a vasospasm caused by drugs.
Chase : I don't think so. She goes from job to job.
Chase : Maybe there's some kind of ADD here.
Chase : Help us pinpoint where the neurological...
Chase : She goes from job to job because she's a scam artist.
Foreman : She works just long enough to qualify for unemployment,
Foreman : then gets fired and gets high.
Chase : I still don't think it's drugs.
Chase : Did you check for infection?
Foreman : LP showed nothing. No fever.
Foreman : White blood count is normal.
Chase : Could be toxic exposure.
Foreman : You're the one always saying it must be drugs.
UNK: You figure she's a minority, she must be stoned?
UNK: You know that's what I... She seems like a nice girl.
FOREMAN : You haven't met her!
UNK: She was pregnant at 15, dropped out of high school.
UNK: She's a real overachiever.
CHASE : Come on. Cut her some slack. Her baby died of SIDS.
Foreman : This isn't some romantic story
UNK: about a nice girl scarred by tragedy.
Foreman : She's a drug-using scam artist scarred by tragedy.
Chase : On the other hand, the tox screen just came back.
Chase : She's clean.
Foreman : You're wasting my time. He's wasting...
House : Second ex-Mrs. Wilson want money?
Wilson : I am no longer paying alimony.
Wilson : She wanted her independence,
Wilson : so she got her realtor's license.
House : Market's doing badly. She wants money.
House : Market's doing badly.
Wilson : She's moving into a condo.
House : She wants... She wants me to take Hector.
House : Pool boy?
UNK: Dog.
House : No longer interested.
Wilson : We got him on our honeymoon.
Wilson : So I'm like the other parent.
Wilson : But I can't take him.
Wilson : My hotel doesn't allow dogs. Besides, I'm always here.
House : I asked Cuddy to a play Thursday.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Wilson : Oh, you... Okay.
House : She said she was busy.
Wilson : And you didn't believe her, so you bribed a janitor,
Wilson : broke into her computer, checked her appointments...
House : I asked her as a test.
Wilson : What would you have learned if she'd said yes?
House : A lot about bondage.
UNK: She was busy for me but not for you.
House : She's interested in you.
Wilson : No. I'm not getting sucked into the vortex of your insanity again.
Wilson : Don't pass me notes in class.
Wilson : Don't tell me to ask her to the prom.
House : You cannot see her socially.