Mccord : to steal something just so that we would recover it?
Beckett : Unless it was a diversion.
Beckett : What if it wasn't the encryption system that they were really after?
Mccord : They just wanted us to think that that's what they were after.
UNK: And the air shaft that they used to access Cybertech,
UNK: they could've used that to access any of the floors in that same building.
Mccord : Cybertech is on floors three and four.
UNK: Right.
UNK: KEYBOARD CLACKING
UNK: And five and six are a genetics lab.
Beckett : Seven is a consulting firm.
Beckett : And eight...
UNK: Uh, there are no details about the tenant on eight.
Beckett : It says it's classified.
Beckett : What's on eight?
Alexis : Are you coming, Dad? Dinner's ready.
UNK: Yes. I'd best hurry.
Castle : I wouldn't want my papaya steak to get cold.
Alexis : Have you even tried them? They're delicious.
UNK: Maybe you should start without me. I'm right in the middle of something.
Alexis : You're not avoiding Pi, are you?
Castle : No, sweetheart. I'm just doing some research for a story.
UNK: Are you sure you're not still looking into Beckett's case?
Alexis : - Even after you promised not to? - KNOCKING ON DOOR
MARTHA : I'll get it.
Castle : Look, it's fine. No one's ever gonna know.
Martha : Richard, these men are here for you. They say they're federal agents.
Mccord : Mr. Castle, you need to come with us right away.
Castle : What is this about?
Agent : - Please, sir. Just come with us. - Why?
Castle : Wait a minute, you can't just take him away...
UNK: Just do me a favor, call up my lawyer.
Castle : - And call Beckett. - Dad, this... Dad!
UNK: Okay. Oh, my God.
Castle : Beckett. Finally.
Castle : What's going on? Why won't anyone talk to me?
Castle : And why would they take my blood?
Beckett : Castle, you know that case that I've been investigating,
UNK: the break-in and the theft?
Beckett : Well, it turns out there's more to it than we thought.
UNK: Are you gonna waterboard me?
Castle : Because that would seriously affect our relationship.
Beckett : No, babe. Can you listen for a second?
UNK: Um.
Beckett : It turns out that something else was stolen
Beckett : from another lab in that building.
Beckett : It was a chemical agent that they were working on for the military,
Beckett : but it was deemed too dangerous to use.
Beckett : The amount stolen was enough to kill thousands of people.
UNK: Isn't this "need to know" stuff? Why are you telling me?
Beckett : Because that toxin was used to kill Jack Bronson,
Beckett : the man who abducted you.