UNK: ANNOUNCEMENT ON PA SYSTEM
UNK: There.
UNK: Target is moving into the mezzanine. Close in.
Beckett : No, wait! Not yet.
Mccord : Stand by. Would you like her to catch a train?
Beckett : No, something else is going on.
Beckett : She abandoned her car in Rosemont and then she came all the way up here?
Mccord : Maybe she thought she was being followed.
Beckett : Then why didn't she just hop the train in Alexandria?
Mccord : Maybe the line she wants only leaves from here.
Beckett : Or maybe she's meeting her buyer here.
Beckett : You're the one that told me to follow my instincts,
Beckett : and my instincts say that we should wait.
Mccord : I give your instincts two minutes.
Mccord : Hold positions.
McCORD : Where is she? Where did she go?
UNK: I knew it. I knew we shouldn't have done this.
Beckett : No, by the lockers.
UNK: BEEPING
Beckett : Jeanette Miller, federal agents. You're under arrest.
Beckett : - What? What? - Let's do this quietly.
UNK: - Please step away. - What did I do?
Jeanette : Look, I told you, I have never seen this before in my life.
Mccord : Then what was it doing in that locker?
Beckett : Trafficking government property, jeopardizing national security, treason.
Beckett : Each one is punishable by life imprisonment.
Mccord : Or worse. What was the plan, anyway?
Mccord : Did someone hire you and Jack Bronson to steal it?
Jeanette : You don't understand.
Jeanette : This isn't how it looks.
UNK: Really? Because you dumped your phone,
Mccord : and then you dumped your car and you dyed your hair.
Beckett : Clearly, you're trying to disappear.
Jeanette : Because Jack was in trouble! He's being set up. We both are.
Hendricks : - Jeanette... - Listen,
Jeanette : he got a call a couple of nights ago.
Jeanette : Someone wanting to meet him at a golf course.
Jeanette : And whatever they said freaked Jack out,
Jeanette : so he went out there, but the guy never showed.
Castle : And then when he heard about the break-in,
UNK: he realized they'd set him up.
Pi : - Who? - He didn't know.
Jeanette : But Jack was scared, and Jack does not get scared.
UNK: And he said that we needed to go on the run
Jeanette : until he could figure out what was going on.
Jeanette : And he told me to go to his locker at Union Station,
Jeanette : that there'd be money there
UNK: and he'd meet up with me when he could.
Beckett : Okay, if he wasn't involved, then how did that end up in his locker?