UNK: Now, this particular facility houses a number of government contractors,
Beckett : one of them is Cybertech Transnational.
Mccord : Someone gained access to Cybertech's clean room
Mccord : and stole a highly classified hardware security module.
Mccord : This is that module that contains an encryption system
UNK: that serves as the gateway to the military satellite network.
Beckett : Whoever took it is capable of shutting that satellite network down completely.
Mccord : Leaving a large portion of our military's defenses blind.
Villante : What do we know about our thieves?
Mccord : Not much. There's no prints, no trace DNA.
Mccord : But it was a highly complex operation.
BECKETT : So we believe whoever pulled this off
Beckett : had to have had military training, or stealth ops.
Beckett : They had to blow up the transformer,
Beckett : disable the backup generators, then climb up this air shaft.
Mccord : And they had to do it all extremely quickly.
Mccord : Because, even though the blackout defeated the security cameras,
Mccord : they reset on battery power five minutes later.
Villante : There's no way this operation took less than five minutes.
Villante : We must have video footage of them leaving.
Hendricks : No, sir. We scrubbed the entire video. There's nothing.
Beckett : Could they still be in the building?
UNK: No, not if they're alive.
UNK: A thermal imaging sweep of the entire premises came up negative.
UNK: They must've found a way out that didn't take them past the cameras.
Hendricks : There isn't one, sir.
Hendricks : The outside of the building has 100% coverage.
Beckett : What about under the building?
Mccord : Under it?
Beckett : A research facility dealing with sensitive materials
Beckett : would need to have some sort of flood controls.
Beckett : Can you pull up a map of the drainage system in the area?
Mccord : Drainage tunnels go right under the building.
HENDRICKS : We thought of that.
Hendricks : We checked all the access points, including the drainage grates.
Hendricks : They're all welded shut.
UNK: Check 'em again.
McCORD : If they did use the tunnels,
Mccord : they wouldn't have wanted to travel too far.
Mccord : So they'd need to access the drainage system from a nearby area.
Mccord : One that's inactive at night.
UNK: Like...
Beckett : this golf course.
McCORD : Thanks.
UNK: SIGHS That was Hendricks from the building.