Mccord : Turns out someone did pry open the drain grate,
Mccord : then welded it on the way out.
Mccord : There's hope for you, Beckett.
Beckett : Well, at least we know we're on the right track.
Beckett : Excuse me. Federal agents.
UNK: Security Guard : Is this about the blackout the other night?
Mccord : Yeah, how did you know that?
Guard : Like I told the other guy, I wasn't here.
Guard : So, you'll have to talk to Watkins.
Mccord : What other guy?
Mccord : What the hell is he doing here?
Mccord : - What did you tell him? - Nothing!
Mccord : I know he was your partner in New York...
Beckett : No, no, I swear, I didn't say anything to him.
Mccord : Then why is he here?
UNK: CHUCKLES Agent Beckett, Agent McCord.
Castle : What are you guys doing here?
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Castle : Well, I figured since Beckett was working,
Castle : I'd just get in a few rounds.
Mccord : Where are your clubs?
UNK: Crap.
Mccord : Do you realize what would happen
Mccord : if I told the chief that he was here?
Mccord : You would be kicked off the team.
Mccord : Not to mention obstruction charges against you.
Mccord : This is my one and only warning.
Mccord : The next time I see you, it better be on a book jacket.
Castle : Wow. Okay, she is not invited to the wedding.
UNK: "Get in a few rounds"?
Castle : What did you want me to say? That you accidentally left out
Castle : your evidence photo of the blown transformer?
UNK: Castle, you went through my classified photos?
Beckett : What the hell were you doing?
Castle : Trying to help. I didn't think I'd get caught.
UNK: - Yeah, well, you did. - Yeah.
Beckett : How'd you get here anyway? I mean, why are you here?
Castle : Well, the transformer led me to a research park
Castle : where all the tenants have government contracts.
Castle : I figured maybe they're using the blackout
Castle : to circumvent the security system,
UNK: but they're not just gonna waltz in through the front door.
Castle : Then I remembered that case we had
Castle : at The Old Haunt, where the killer used...
Beckett : Used the abandoned sewer tunnels underneath New York, yes.
Castle : You thought of it, too!
UNK: Except, this isn't New York.
Beckett : Do you realize how many laws were broken by looking at that photo?
UNK: Are you trying to get me fired?
Castle : Would make it easier to see you.
Beckett : - Not if I was in jail! - Right.
UNK: I wanna see you, too. But it can't be like this, okay?
UNK: You have to promise you're gonna stop fiddling with this investigation.
UNK: Okay, yeah. I promise.
Castle : But wouldn't you at least like to hear what I found out?
UNK: - MUTTERS - Right.
Castle : These guys didn't see anything the night of the blackout.
Castle : It was too dark.
Castle : But that guard over there remembers seeing a guy a couple days ago
UNK: in a late-'90s model gold sedan.
Castle : He was probably doing some kind of recon.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : If you have them send over their surveillance...
UNK: Castle. Castle, please?
UNK: - Right. Sorry, okay, I'm out. - Good.
UNK: I promise, wiped from my brain.
UNK: It's like I wasn't even here.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : - I gotta go. - Of course.
Villante : Nice job with the drainage tunnel.
Villante : Keep up the good work, Beckett.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Thank you, for not saying anything about Castle.
UNK: Look, when I was a year out of Quantico,
Mccord : I was busting my ass on this case, my first big chance.
UNK: We'd been going at it straight for a month,
Mccord : and I really wanted to let off some steam,
Mccord : so I went to a bar,
Mccord : and I picked up a guy, and I took him home.
Mccord : Next morning he says, "Who's Scofield?"
Mccord : Scofield was the subject of our highly classified investigation.
Beckett : You talked in your sleep?
Mccord : That's this job. Things happen.
Mccord : You better make sure they only happen once.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMING
UNK: Golf course security video's in.
MAN : This is across the street from the entrance to the golf course,
Richmond : the day before yesterday.
Mccord : Okay, our guy said the car stayed like this for 15 minutes.
Mccord : Can we get a plate?
UNK: Uh, the angle's just not good enough.
Beckett : And what about the driver?
Richmond : Pretty clear shot.
Richmond : Creating a feature vector descriptor
Richmond : to run facial recognition.
Mccord : Check the military databases first. This guy's had training.
Mccord : This was two days ago...
UNK: That's the day before the break-in.
Beckett : He's planning his escape route.
UNK: We've got a match.
Richmond : Driver was Jack Bronson, 35. Recently retired Marine Force Recon.
Richmond : His last rotation
Richmond : he worked black ops specializing in forward position infiltration.
Mccord : You got an address on this guy?
UNK: Clear!
Mccord : - Clear! - McCORD : Clear.
Beckett : He's not here.
UNK: - UNZIPS BAG - Except he left this. Tools of the trade.
Beckett : C-4 to blow up the transformer,
UNK: wire-cutters to disable the backup generator,
UNK: rope and pulleys for the air shaft.
Beckett : This is our guy.
Mccord : Tear this place apart.
UNK: We're not gonna find that encryption system here.
Beckett : That's his meal ticket.
Beckett : Wherever he went, that thing's gone with him.
Mccord : Hendricks, call the office,
Mccord : pull his phone records, run his credit cards.
UNK: I wanna know who he talks to, where he eats, what gym he goes to.
UNK: And have them look for a girlfriend.
Beckett : If he's on the run, he might have help.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Hey, Castle, everything okay?
Castle : Red or white?
UNK: What?
Castle : What kind of wine do you want with your salmon?
Castle : I'm cooking you dinner tonight
Castle : to make up for getting you in trouble at work.
Beckett : That's so sweet.
Castle : Yeah, I know. Um, so how's the case going?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: No, I just wanna know when to start cooking.
Castle : Trust me, I got the message.
Castle : Cone of Silence. Church and state. No more interference.
Beckett : Okay, well then, in that case, red.
Beckett : And, um, can you get that kind that makes me feel all...
Castle : I'll buy a whole case. See you tonight.
UNK: We're gonna walk over to my car together,
UNK: and you're gonna get in like you know me.
UNK: Yeah, but I don't know you.
UNK: And I have salmon here that needs to be refrigerated.
Beckett : Okay, okay.
UNK: Hey, this is a late-'90s gold sedan. You're the guy...
Castle : Okay, look.
Castle : You're making a mistake here, okay? I don't know...
UNK: That's a red, that's a red...
UNK: Hey, car, car, car, car!
Castle : I don't know who you think I am...
Bronson : I know who you are.
Bronson : You were at the golf course with the Feds.
Bronson : What do they know?
UNK: STAMMERS I'm not sure.
Bronson : Are they looking at me? Do they know about Valkyrie?
Castle : I don't know, I don't know, all right? I swear!
Castle : I wasn't even supposed to be there.
UNK: STRAINING Did they say anything about Valkyrie?
UNK: SCREAMING IN PAIN
Castle : Hey, man, are you okay?
UNK: GRUNTING Can't hold on.
UNK: Going to Dreamworld.
Hendricks : - Hey! - CAR TIRES SQUEALING
UNK: Hands at 10 and 2. Hands at 10 and 2.
Castle : Come on, buddy.
Castle : Pedal on the left.
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE
Richmond : - Bronson? - That's him.
Beckett : What about the hardware module?
Hendricks : It's not in the car.
Mccord : - Anybody riding with him? - Yep.
Beckett : - Girlfriend? - Nope. That guy.
Mccord : You've got to be kidding me.
Beckett : You know what? I'll deal with him.
Mccord : No, you've already had your chance.
UNK: Hendricks, please place Mr. Castle under arrest.
Castle : Hello? Is anyone even there?
Castle : Where's Beckett? Let me talk to her.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Villante : I'm afraid she can't help you.
Castle : This has just been a misunderstanding.
Villante : You were in a car with a man
Villante : who we believe is an enemy combatant of the United States.
Villante : That's not a misunderstanding, Mr. Castle.