UNK: Nope.
UNK: Good.
UNK: You get a hit?
UNK: Possible match. 87% certainty.
Mccord : Bring it up.
Richmond : This is traffic cam video, streaming live.
Beckett : She dyed her hair, but that's her.
Mccord : And that bag on her shoulder...
Castle : You think she's got the encryption system in it?
Mccord : Let's go find out.
Beckett : Wait, we're losing her.
UNK: Switching feeds. There.
Mccord : Where is this?
UNK: Twentieth and P, near Dupont Circle.
Mccord : This is McCord. We need to acquire a target near Dupont Circle.
Beckett : We're losing her again.
Beckett : - She's gone. - Richmond.
Richmond : She must have ducked into a store.
Richmond : - Or an alley. - Or the metro.
UNK: Damn it. Stand by.
Beckett : Can you display the route that she was following?
UNK: Okay. It's analyzing her path.
UNK: COMPUTER BEEPING
Beckett : It doesn't look like she was taking a direct route.
BECKETT : It's like she's using evasive tactics.
UNK: Okay, so if she started off in Rosemont,
Beckett : her general trajectory leads to...
Beckett : Union Station. - She's making a run for it.
Ryan : You know, I don't think Jenny and I have been apart
Ryan : for more than two days since we met. It's gotta be rough.
UNK: Just feel like we're so far out of sync, I don't know how to get back.
UNK: I guess I was just trying to make it feel like us again.
Esposito : Yeah, by playing me and Ryan for chumps.
UNK: You should've known we were gonna figure out this case was real.
Castle : Well, you'll be happy to know that for my sins,
Castle : I was abducted by a maniac at gunpoint and nearly killed.
Castle : But, at least I didn't get Beckett fired.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, abducted? By who?
Castle : Look, guys, I really shouldn't be talking about this.
UNK: SIGHS
Ryan : Come on, Castle. It's us.
Esposito : And thanks to you, we're already involved.
UNK: Okay, but this goes no further, all right?
UNK: So, I'm just walking down the street,
Castle : and this guy that they're looking for grabs me, shoves me into a car,
Castle : starts talking crazy, asking all these questions.
Esposito : What kind of questions?
Castle : Something about Valkyrie.
Castle : And then I thought he was gonna pass out,
Castle : because he was talking about going off to dream world,
Castle : but he didn't pass out. He dropped dead.