UNK: and our kids get together sometimes for play dates.
UNK: Mr Harris : Hey, babe. What's going on? I thought you were going out.
UNK: Mrs Harris : - It's the police. - Police?
UNK: They think Chloe's friend Sara might've been up here the day she was killed.
UNK: Wait, you were home that day, right?
UNK: - Um, what day was that? - Tuesday.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was here.
Beckett : So did you see Sara?
UNK: Mr Harris : - I don't think so. No. - You don't think so?
UNK: No.
Castle : Mind if I use your bathroom? People never think about that.
Castle : When do cops use the bathroom?
UNK: - It's right there. - Thank you.
Beckett : So... Tuesday.
UNK: Oh, yeah, yeah. Let me think a minute. Um...
Beckett : So you're saying that you can't say one way or the other?
UNK: Mr Harris : After Chloe got here to take care of Becca,
UNK: Mr Harris : I went inside to take a nap. I work most nights.
UNK: Condoms.
Beckett : And what is it that you do, Mr. Harris?
UNK: Oh, I'm a musician.
Castle : Condoms in the bathroom.
UNK: Mr Harris : So, anyway, it's possible that Sara was up here.
UNK: I just... I couldn't really say for sure.
UNK: Mrs Harris : You know, maybe you should talk to Chloe about this.
Beckett : - I already have. - And what did she tell you?
UNK: She said that she saw Sara earlier in the day, but she didn't say anything
UNK: about Sara being in your apartment.
UNK: Mrs Harris : What else would she be doing up here?
UNK: What is that?
Castle : That sounds like somebody's cell phone.
UNK: Lan, who the hell's phone is this?
UNK: Why was her phone in your bedroom?
UNK: Mr Harris : Maybe she dropped it. I don't know.
Beckett : You told me you went into the bedroom to take a nap.
Beckett : How could she go into the room, drop the phone,
Beckett : and you not see her?
Castle : She's right. It doesn't make sense when you think about it.
Beckett : We're running a test on the condoms we found in your medicine cabinet.
Castle : Now there's something you never wanna hear.
UNK: If the spermicide's a match, you're facing a murder charge.
UNK: - Well, I didn't kill Sara. - But you were sleeping with her.
UNK: Look, we had sex, okay?
UNK: But when Sara left my place, she was fine.
Beckett : You followed her down to the basement, didn't you?
UNK: You followed her in the basement, and then you killed her.
UNK: Mr Harris : - No! I wouldn't hurt Sara. - You wouldn't hurt her?
Beckett : You're a married man sleeping with her in your own bed.
Castle : What time did she leave your apartment?
UNK: - A little before 1 : 00. - How can you be sure?
UNK: Because Chloe gets back from the park with Becca
UNK: every day around 1 : 00 to give her her lunch.
UNK: And Sara left maybe ten minutes before Chloe got back.
UNK: Mr Harris : Look, you ask Chloe, she will tell you I was there.
Beckett : There's no way that I could've killed Sara.
UNK: Frank Garrison : Detective Beckett? Frank Garrison.
UNK: Frank Garrison : I've been retained to represent Mr. Harris, and I'm directing him
UNK: Frank Garrison : not to answer any more of your questions.
Beckett : Your client can answer my questions here
Beckett : or he can answer them in front of a grand jury.
Garrison : If you've got enough to charge him, do it.
Garrison : Otherwise, he's coming with me. Let's go, Mr. Harris.
Castle : Guess it's a lot tougher when they actually know the rules, huh?