UNK: Mrs Harris : I didn't even know she was here.
UNK: Mrs Harris : - That's the doorman from downstairs. - Answer it.
UNK: Hello.
Castle : Thank you. I'll tell her.
Castle : Doorman says a tenant called.
Castle : There's a girl in the laundry room, and she's got a knife.
Esposito : Where's the girl? - She's inside, just sitting there.
Beckett : Esposito, get these people out of here.
Esposito : Let's go. Everybody up the stairs.
Esposito : Come on, let's go.
Castle : - So what's the plan? - To get everyone out of this alive.
Castle : Good plan.
Beckett : You don't go in. Do you understand?
UNK: Mrs Petersen : - Yes. - Okay.
UNK: Chloe? Chloe, it's Detective Beckett. Do you remember me?
Chloe : Please just go away.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Chloe, but I can't do that.
Beckett : Look, Chloe, you're hurt.
Beckett : Why don't you put the knife away, and let me help you?
Chloe : Why don't you just shoot me?
Beckett : Hey, look at me. Look.
UNK: No one's gonna shoot anyone. Okay?
Beckett : Unless it's you, if you take another step inside, Castle.
Chloe : He was sleeping with Sara.
Beckett : I know.
Chloe : Only the whole time, he was sleeping with me.
UNK: And he was telling me that he loved me,
UNK: that he was gonna leave his wife for me.
Beckett : Guys can be like that sometimes, Chloe.
Beckett : They can lie, and I know when you find out
UNK: how much it could break your heart.
Chloe : I'm pregnant.
Beckett : Well, that's even more reason for us to get you some help.
UNK: Right?
Brent : Look, I...
Chloe : I just wanted to talk to her.
Chloe : That's all.
UNK: I just wanted to tell her that Ian and I were in love.
Beckett : I know what happened to Sara was an accident, Chloe.
Beckett : I know that.
Chloe : I left Becca in the park, and I went up to the apartment
Chloe : just to see if it was true, 'cause...
Chloe : I'd seen the way he was looking at her.
Chloe : As soon as I saw Ian's bed, I knew.
Chloe : He went to take a shower, so I came down here,
Chloe : just to talk to Sara.
Beckett : I know you didn't mean to kill her, Chloe.
UNK: Sara was my friend, you know? But she just... She didn't...
Chloe : She didn't get it.
Chloe : She didn't get how we felt about each other.
Chloe : So when she turned around,
Chloe : I just grabbed the bleach, and I hit her with it.
Chloe : And she fell.
Chloe : And I was so scared. I didn't...
Chloe : I didn't know what to do, so I...
Chloe : I put her in the dryer.
UNK: I was so angry. You know, just so mad.
UNK: Chloe, put the knife down, okay? Let me help you.
Beckett : Just put the knife down. Come on.
UNK: God, I'm so stupid.
UNK: It's okay.
UNK: So, looks like I managed to make it through the case
Castle : without getting injured, shot or killed.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe tomorrow.
UNK: By the way, I really liked that whole sisterhood thing you ran back there.
Beckett : I wasn't running anything, Castle.
Beckett : What that guy did had consequences, only he'll get to just walk away.
Castle : Well, not scot-free.
UNK: I mean, I sense a pretty big divorce settlement in his future.
Beckett : Whatever it is, it won't be enough.
UNK: So, did you guys get him?
UNK: On their way up the river as we speak.
Alexis : Cool. Was it who you thought?
Castle : Actually, it wasn't.
UNK: Wow. It must've been a pretty good story to surprise you.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : You know, you better be careful or you'll turn into one of your readers.
UNK: Okay, you just ruined it.
UNK: You know, it's okay to be surprised sometimes.
Alexis : That's the fun.
Castle : You surprise me, all the time.
Alexis : I'll see you in the morning, Dad.
UNK: Good night, pumpkin.
Alexis : - Dad? - Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : Thanks for being my nanny.
Castle : No sweat, kiddo.