Castle : Boy, it really has been a long time for you, hasn't it?
Lanie : I mean, it could have been a rape, but my best guess is...
Beckett : She knew the guy.
Beckett : Without evidence of trauma, I'm not ready to buy our attacker
UNK: is a sexual predator, especially with him using a condom.
Esposito : Could be he's trying to hide DNA.
Ryan : Dude, someone smart enough to hide DNA
Ryan : would have been smart enough not to have sex in the laundry room.
UNK: No, you're missing the point. The laundry room afforded opportunity.
Castle : It wasn't an accident she was killed there.
Montgomery : Esposito, where are we on her cell phone?
UNK: I pulled her records, had her service provider ping it.
Esposito : Triangulation puts it at or near the building.
UNK: Yeah, well, maybe he took it so she couldn't call for help,
Montgomery : then dumped it somewhere close by. What about her ex-boyfriend?
UNK: We have the first name, Brent.
Ryan : But if we had her cell phone, he might be in the address book.
Beckett : - What about these calls? - What calls?
Beckett : Last two months, there's dozens of incoming calls
Beckett : - from the same number. - Right. We're still running that down,
Esposito : but the number's a prepay. Besides, those calls stopped coming
UNK: a couple weeks before she was killed.
Beckett : Yeah, but the outgoing calls to that number stop even before that.
Beckett : Whoever it was, she didn't want to talk to them.
UNK: She was letting it go to voice mail.
Montgomery : Find this kid, Brent, bring him in for questioning.
UNK: You're here by invitation only. Got it?
Castle : - Got it. - Good.
Beckett : - Brent Johnson? - Yeah.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
UNK: - I suppose you know why you're here. - The cops that picked me up at my job
Brent : said you had some questions about what happened to Sara.
Beckett : I understand that the two of you were dating?
UNK: Yeah, till about a month ago.
Beckett : A month ago? What happened then?
Brent : - Nothing. We broke up. - Whose idea was that?
Brent : - It was a mutual thing, I guess. - A mutual thing?
Beckett : There's plenty more of those.
Castle : Yep. They make Alec Baldwin's messages
Castle : - sound like rainbows and unicorns. - How did you get those?
Beckett : - From your service provider. - A little advice,
Castle : when you buy a prepaid phone, don't use your credit card.
UNK: - Makes it totally traceable. - I wasn't trying to hide anything.
Beckett : No? Then why did you just lie to me?
Castle : 'Cause no man likes getting dumped. Am I right? Our egos can't handle it.
UNK: This one time I had this ex-girlfriend cheat on me,
Castle : I drank every meal for a week. I didn't even like her.
UNK: If I had loved her? Wow. I don't know
UNK: what I would've done.
Brent : No, no. No way. It wasn't like that.
Beckett : Oh, no. So then how did you find out about Sara
Beckett : - if you two broke up a month ago? - From a friend. Chloe.
Brent : Chloe Richardson. All right? We all went to college together.
UNK: - Chloe's the one who got Sara her job. - And how did this friend find out?
Brent : Chloe nannies for another family in the building.
Brent : The two of them are pretty close.
Beckett : So then where were you the day that Sara got killed?
Brent : I was where those other cops found me, at my job.
UNK: Look, we have video cameras there and a sign-in sheet.
Brent : Look, I didn't have anything to do with this.
Brent : Am I under arrest or something?
Beckett : No. You can go.
Beckett : But just don't leave town until we speak again.
Beckett : Do you understand?
UNK: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
UNK: "Don't leave town"? Don't you need probable cause for something like that?
UNK: Only he doesn't know that, does he?
Castle : You can lie like that? That is so cool.
UNK: Castle.