Castle : Let me guess. Gran cooked.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Chicken masala. - And where is Hurricane Martha?
Alexis : In her room, taking a dramatic pause.
Castle : Leaving the mess for everyone else to clean up, as usual.
Alexis : I don't mind. Dinner was fun.
Castle : Well, it's our room, not hers. Just remember.
Castle : Even despite that hideous bedspread she bought.
Alexis : If you're hungry, there are lots of leftovers.
UNK: Oh, thank you. I grabbed a slice on the way home.
Alexis : You really are turning into a cop.
Castle : Yeah? Do you think?
Alexis : So who got killed today?
Ryan : The nanny.
Alexis : - Do they know who did it? - Well, apparently in an actual homicide,
Castle : they don't know who did it until after the guy gets caught.
Alexis : - How come we never had a nanny? - Well, your mother and I decided
UNK: if someone was gonna screw you up, we wanted it to be me.
Castle : Only you managed to turn out fine somehow anyway.
UNK: Surprisingly.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is that the prodigal son I hear,
UNK: returned from working the night shift?
UNK: You catch any perps today, kiddo?
Castle : And some might say still are.
Alexis : I was just asking Dad how come we never had a nanny when I was little.
Castle : I spared her any stories of my own personal experience.
Martha : I had a real job as a working actress.
UNK: Mr Petersen : You know, not everybody can sit at home
Martha : in front of a laptop and claim to be employed.
Alexis : Really? You had a nanny?
Castle : Yeah, only we didn't call them nannies then.
Alexis : - What were they called? - Oh, I don't know. Um, alcoholics?
Castle : Raving lunatics? No, no, no, wait.
Castle : Completely irresponsible middle-aged women who,
Castle : instead of looking after me while you were acting,
Castle : like they were supposed to, instead watched daytime television.
Martha : Oh, stop your whining. You didn't turn out half bad.
Martha : And don't forget, the good half are my genes.
Castle : Well, that's just something we'll have to take your word for, isn't it?
Castle : But I'm not asking for an apology, Mother.
Castle : Actually, I got the plot of my first novel
UNK: Police Lawyer : Detective Beckett, did you miss me already?
UNK: Which means I am one-quarter responsible for your success as well.
UNK: Really? Do they do those at night? No, for sure. I'm just...
UNK: I'm just touched that you thought of me.
UNK: Oh, ordered to call me? I see.
UNK: Well, either way. I can leave right away.
UNK: Okay. Gotta go.
UNK: I would say don't wait up, but you'll be asleep by 11 : 00.
UNK: 10 : 30. It's a school night.
Castle : Are you sure she's got either one of our genes?
Esposito : - Well. - You will help her with the dishes?
Martha : All right. Be careful, flatfoot.
UNK: Here, put these on.
UNK: Really?
Castle : I thought cops just stood around the body
Castle : eating ham sandwiches and cracking jokes.
UNK: You know, hardcore gallows humor.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : The head trauma definitely contributed to the death.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : The force of the blows resulted in significant cerebral hemorrhaging.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Mr. Castle, nice to see you again.
UNK: I wish I could say the same, but my glasses are all scratchy.
Castle : How often do they let you replace these?
Beckett : Not everybody has your budget, Castle. So what killed her?
Lanie : I'd say she was struck in the head with the bleach bottle,
UNK: then fell forward, hit her temple on the edge of the table.
Lanie : That caused temporal bleeding.
Lanie : Without medical attention, she didn't stand a chance.
UNK: But what I thought you might find really interesting
Lanie : is the fact that she had sex within the hours before her death.
Lanie : - Sex? - I'll explain how that works later.
UNK: Might have even been within a few minutes of the murder.
Lanie : The heat from the dryer makes it hard to pinpoint.
Beckett : - So you're saying she was raped? - Hard to determine.
Lanie : There were no vaginal lacerations or presence of any semen.
Beckett : So what's the evidence of sex?
Lanie : Traces of spermicide. The guy wore a condom.