Beckett : When was the last time you saw Sara?
UNK: Mrs Petersen : My husband saw her last night when he got home.
UNK: Mr Petersen : We take Justin to school every morning,
UNK: Mr Petersen : so we're usually gone by the time she gets here.
Beckett : And what time is that?
UNK: Today it would have been 11 : 00.
UNK: Sara straightens up, does Justin's laundry
UNK: Mrs Petersen : and then picks him up from school about 2 : 00.
UNK: Mrs Petersen : One of us is then home for dinner.
UNK: Mrs Petersen : Last night it was my husband's turn.
Beckett : So then you were the last one to see Sara?
UNK: Mr Petersen : - I guess so. - Did she mention any problems
Castle : - she was having, maybe a boyfriend? - Sara's boyfriend?
UNK: Mr Petersen : The doorman said the police told them that it was a break-in,
UNK: Mr Petersen : - which usually means a stranger did it. - We can't be sure what happened.
Castle : Well, maybe not, but statistically speaking,
Castle : much greater likelihood that it was someone she knew.
UNK: Mrs Petersen : Oh, my God.
Beckett : Again, we can't be certain who was involved.
Castle : - But she had a boyfriend. - Brent. But they broke up.
Castle : - And when was that? - About a month ago,
UNK: but Sara never said there was any trouble or anything like that.
Beckett : Brent, that was his name?
UNK: Mrs Petersen : - Yes. - Do you know his last name?
UNK: - Uh, I don't think Sara ever mentioned it. - Not to me, either.
Beckett : Thank you both so much for your time.
UNK: Mrs Petersen : Of course.
Beckett : - Castle, let's go. - But that's it?
Beckett : That's it. Oh!
Beckett : Do you know of any way I can reach Sara's parents?
UNK: Mrs Petersen : Oh, God. I hadn't even thought of that.
Esposito : I'm sorry. We don't have their number.
UNK: Yeah. They live in Atlanta. She was with them over Christmas.
UNK: What about Sara's things?
UNK: Mrs Petersen : There's her bag and her jacket.
Beckett : Maybe I could take it and check her cell phone?
UNK: Why couldn't we stick around? I had a lot more questions.
Beckett : Because I actually like to investigate things myself first.
Beckett : Besides, neither of them is going anywhere.
UNK: Well, there's no cell phone in here.
Castle : Maybe it's in the laundry room or in the dryer.
Beckett : Well, if it is, CSU will find it.
UNK: She's still got her Georgia license.
Castle : Are you really the one who has to call her parents?
Beckett : Easier to write about than to live through, huh, Castle?
Castle : Three men huddled around a computer.
Castle : That better not be porn, and if it is, I want in.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Esposito and Ryan pulled security tape from an elevator in the rear entrance.
UNK: Front door has a 24-hour doorman.
Espositio : This is the elevator's cam.
Espositio : Our victim gets on the elevator with the laundry basket.
Espositio : Takes it down to the basement, to put the kid's laundry into the washer.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Espositio : Few minutes later, gets back on,
Espositio : goes all the way back up to the apartment.
UNK: Then about 40 minutes later,
Espositio : rides the elevator back down to the basement again.
UNK: We figured probably to take the kid's clothes out of the washer,
Castle : - put them in the dryer. - Camera never picks her up again.
UNK: Only other person to ride the elevator down all the way to the basement
Ryan : during the next hour was the old lady who found the body.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So whoever attacked her must have used the stairwell,
UNK: otherwise the camera would have caught him.
UNK: We got three maintenance workers on duty that day.
Ryan : - We'll run their names tonight. - Why only run the workers' names?
UNK: Why not run all the neighbors' names?
Beckett : What are you basing that on?
Castle : I'm basing that on, the neighbor would make a better story.
UNK: No, come on. What do any of us know about our neighbors in this city?
Castle : You think the guy living next door to the Son of Sam
Castle : knew he was living next door to the Son of Sam?
Montgomery : He's right. Neighbors in Berkowitz's building
Montgomery : had no idea he was the Son of Sam killer.
Castle : Thank you. What about the guy in 8-B?
Beckett : - Who? - 8-B. Quiet guy.
UNK: You see him every day, only you never notice him.
UNK: But he noticed Sara.
Castle : She's young, beautiful.
UNK: The kind of girl that a guy like him would never have a chance with.
Castle : We all know girls like that, don't we?
UNK: Well, at first it's just a game. Figure out her schedule.
Castle : When does she do her laundry? When is she alone?
UNK: Until it becomes something more, something that he can't control.
UNK: Well, he uses the stairs, obviously, to avoid the elevator's cameras.
Castle : And then he just waits, concealed in the shadows.
UNK: When she comes into that laundry room, he pounces.
Castle : When he looked into her vacant, lifeless eyes,
Castle : he wanted to tell her, he never meant to kill her.
Castle : All he ever wanted was to be noticed.
Castle : That's when he felt the heat of that dryer on his skin.
Castle : So he picks up her limp body in his arms
Castle : and gently places it inside.
Castle : He almost smiled at his good fortune
UNK: when he found the quarter in his pocket,
UNK: slipping it into the slot.
UNK: Buying him the time to do what he does best.
UNK: Disappear.
Castle : Just saying, better story. Coffee?
Montgomery : Let's see what we can find out about those neighbors.
Montgomery : And someone better tell me who the hell lives in 8-B.