Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : Lab says condoms are a match.
UNK: - So we can prove they had sex? - Look, if Chloe got home at 1 : 00,
Beckett : then there's no way he had time to get down to the basement,
UNK: - kill Sara and make it back upstairs. - Maybe we ought to pick Chloe up,
UNK: - see if she backs his story. - We don't have to.
Castle : Why not?
Beckett : Because the elevator cam had a time stamp.
Beckett : Our suspect says that Sara left his apartment about 12 : 45,
Beckett : and the camera in the elevator puts her on it
UNK: headed towards the basement at 12 : 48.
Ryan : We think she was murdered maybe ten minutes later.
UNK: Video Tech : - So what are we looking for? - The nanny who worked for the guy.
UNK: We're just trying to check out his story.
UNK: He claims she got home at 1 : 00, and that he never left the apartment again.
UNK: There she is. 12 : 54.
UNK: Okay, that's six minutes after Sara Manning got on the elevator.
UNK: Well, I guess Harris was telling the truth.
UNK: Wait. - What?
UNK: - Wait, where's the kid? - Where's what kid?
UNK: Becca.
Beckett : The little girl that Chloe takes care of.
UNK: Maybe she left the kid in the playground with one of the other nannies.
Beckett : Harris said that she came back with his daughter
Beckett : - at the same time every day. - What difference does it make?
Castle : The difference is that there are no coincidences,
UNK: not when murder's involved.
UNK: Chloe would've known Sara's schedule, and Chloe would've known
UNK: that Sara was in the basement at that time.
Montgomery : Pick her up.
Roommate : - Can I help you? - Does Chloe Richardson live here?
Roommate : - Yes, but she's not here right now. - Where did she go?
Roommate : - Into the city. - Do you mind if I take a look around?
UNK: No.
Roommate : But I'm telling you, she's not here. She left about an hour ago.
UNK: Detective.
Roommate : That's the family that Chloe works for.
Castle : Not exactly the whole family.
Castle : She cut the mom out of the picture.
Castle : - Where in the city did Chloe go? - To their apartment.
Roommate : She said that they needed her to babysit tonight.
UNK: She must've found out that I took Harris in for questioning.
Castle : If she talked to his wife, she'd know he'd been released.
Castle : And we both know what she does to people she doesn't like.
Beckett : She's going after Ian Harris.
UNK: We better find her before she finds him.
UNK: No answer in the apartment when the doorman called upstairs.
UNK: But he's sure Chloe's there. He says Ian Harris is up there, too.
Ryan : Came home about an hour ago.
UNK: Which means Chloe would've been there waiting for him.
Beckett : All right, we don't have time to wait for emergency services.
UNK: - We're gonna have to go in on our own. - Whoa. What about him?
Beckett : - He stays here. - No! Come on! Come on!
Castle : I already signed my life away. What more do you want?
UNK: Okay, Castle, but it's accompany and observe,
Beckett : not participate and annoy. Got it?
Beckett : Participate and annoy is a lot more fun, but all right.
UNK: And stay behind us in the hallway, and don't move unless I tell you.
Castle : Hope to die. You know what I mean. It's...
Beckett : Open door.
UNK: I got a victim down, guys. Stack them up.
Beckett : - Police! New York City Police! We're here! We're here!
Beckett : - Mrs. Harris? - In here! I locked us in the bathroom.
UNK: - Room all clear! - Check him!
UNK: Mrs. Harris, are you okay? Is your daughter with you?
UNK: Yes. Yes, we're okay. He's still alive.
Beckett : Mrs. Harris, is Chloe there?
UNK: Mrs Harris : No, no, it's just me and Becca.
Esposito : Apartment's all clear. Chloe's not here.
Beckett : You can come out now, Mrs. Harris.
Beckett : - Where's Chloe, Mrs. Harris? - I don't know.
UNK: She must've used her key. I was just giving Becca a bath.