UNK: I'll let you know if the client is interested, okay? Thank you.
Beckett : Hi. Remember us?
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Sara, Mr. Peterson?
UNK: Mr Petersen : The night before she was killed. I told you that.
Castle : Which was your night to be home for dinner, right?
UNK: Right. Why are you asking?
Castle : Well, Mr. Peterson...
Beckett : We have information that suggests that
UNK: Sara Manning was having a relationship.
UNK: Mr Petersen : Right. She had a boyfriend.
Beckett : - Someone else. - Someone else? Who?
UNK: Mr Petersen : Me? You think I was having an affair with Sara?
Castle : - Bingo. - That is... That's crazy.
Beckett : Is it? We know that she stayed late some nights.
UNK: Mr Petersen : Right. She helped us make dinner.
UNK: "Us"? Well, what we heard was that she helped
Beckett : on the nights that your wife wasn't home.
UNK: Mr Petersen : - First of all, it's not what you think. - When is it ever?
UNK: - And, yes, I was having an affair. - So what happened?
UNK: Mr Petersen : What do you mean, what happened? I cheated. I strayed.
UNK: Mr Petersen : - Whatever you want to call it. - I mean in the laundry room.
Castle : - What? - You just said that you...
UNK: Mr Petersen : Yes, I was having an affair, but it wasn't with Sara, for God sakes.
UNK: It was with another woman in my office.
UNK: Look, every night that I was supposed to be home having dinner, I wasn't.
UNK: You can check the landlines from the apartment.
UNK: Mr Petersen : I called to make sure that Sara was okay every night.
UNK: Mr Petersen : You can check cell phone records, right?
Beckett : Don't leave town.
Esposito : Hey, what happened with the husband?
UNK: Oh, he was cheating, just not with our victim.
Beckett : Here, I need you to run it down. This is her name.
UNK: I'm telling you, true commitment's a thing of the past.
Lanie : I mean, name one happily married couple.
UNK: - DeGeneres and De Rossi. - Oh, I think he got you there, bro.
UNK: His story checks out, video and a sign-in sheet.
UNK: Great. So now all we have is a cheating husband
Beckett : with a possible alibi and no cell phone to run the perp's fingerprints.
Ryan : I got something better.
Beckett : Please tell me it's that the mayor wants him out of here.
Castle : You ever notice how she gets a little grumpy
Castle : when she doesn't have a suspect?
Ryan : We got one now.
Ryan : Guess who wasn't where they say they were
UNK: - the day Sara Manning was killed? - Who?
Ryan : Come on, you gotta guess.
Beckett : Ryan. Ryan. I'm not guessing.
Ryan : - You're a killjoy, you know that? - Exactly what I've been telling her.
Brent : No way.
Ryan : Pretty good, huh? Told you, you should've guessed.
Beckett : You weren't at the office the day Sara Manning was killed, were you?
Beckett : You lied to me, Mrs. Peterson.
Beckett : Detective Ryan checked with your son's school.
Beckett : The day they called about Sara not showing up,
Beckett : your assistant said that you were unreachable.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : What are you talking about?
UNK: I'm talking about Sara Manning, Mrs. Peterson.
Beckett : We're talking about why you lied about where you were
Beckett : the day she was killed. And we know you weren't in your office.
Castle : It would have been easy to sneak into the building.
Castle : Doorman could have been outside hailing a cab, taking a delivery.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : My husband is having an affair.