Beckett : Doorman told Esposito that this is the playground that all the nannies
UNK: from the building go to, so hopefully we find Chloe here.
Castle : - That brings me back a bit. - A bit?
UNK: I'm thinking it's a little more than that, Castle.
Castle : I'm not talking about when I was a kid.
Castle : I'm talking about when I used to take my daughter to the park.
Beckett : You used to take your daughter to the park?
Castle : Spring, summer, fall. We were here every day.
UNK: Alexis' mom was doing community theater.
Castle : She was on the road a lot, so I had custody. What?
Beckett : Nothing. I just never figured you for Mr. Mom.
Castle : Some of the best days of my life.
UNK: - It's actually kind of nice. - Yeah, tell me about it.
Castle : Do you know how many lonely single mothers there are
UNK: on a Manhattan playground? And there I was between marriages.
Beckett : Exactly how many times have you been married, Castle?
Castle : - Twice. - That's it?
Castle : - Isn't that enough? How about you? - Me? No, never been.
Castle : - Really? - Yeah.
Castle : You'd be good at it. You're both controlling and disapproving.
Castle : You should really try it.
UNK: I'm not an "if at first, you don't succeed" kind of a girl, Castle.
Beckett : When it comes to marriage, I'm more of a "one and done" type.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : - Any serious candidates? - Becca, don't wander away. Becca!
UNK: The doorman said she'd have a red vest on. That might be our girl.
UNK: - Go, go, go! Chloe?
UNK: I'm Detective Beckett. I was wondering if I could ask you some questions
UNK: about Sara Manning.
UNK: Um, right now?
Beckett : Yeah, it won't take long.
UNK: Yeah. Maggie? Can you watch Becca for a sec?
UNK: Sara's boyfriend told us that you helped her get her job.
UNK: - Oh, you talked to Brent? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Yeah, when we got out of school, Sara couldn't find work.
Chloe : She was temping all over town.
UNK: I nanny for a family in the same building
Chloe : and heard that the Petersons were looking for someone.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Sara?
Beckett : I know what it feels like to lose somebody, Chloe.
Beckett : But we need to ask you these questions.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Um...
Chloe : Sometimes we'd meet up before work, get a coffee on Columbus
UNK: and then walk over to work together.
Beckett : - Did you get coffee that day? - Yeah.
Castle : Did she say anything to you? Did she seem upset?
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : - Or... - Upset? Upset about what?
Beckett : Brent gave us the impression that Sara was seeing someone else.
Castle : You know who it was, don't you?
UNK: Um...
UNK: Sometimes Sara would stay late.
Beckett : Stay late where, at the Petersons?
UNK: Yeah, we got off work around the same time,
Chloe : so we'd take the train home together. I live with a roommate,
Chloe : a couple of blocks from Sara.
Chloe : Only the last few months, she'd been staying late.
Chloe : Mr. And Mrs. Peterson kind of take turns
Chloe : coming home for dinner, you know?
Beckett : Yeah, Mrs. Peterson told us.
Chloe : God. I don't want to say something, and then...
Chloe : I mean, he's married.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Sara told you about him?
UNK: No. No, not exactly. It's just...
Chloe : The nights Mrs. Peterson didn't come home for dinner,
Chloe : those were the only nights Sara stayed late.
Castle : I told you we should have
Castle : asked the husband more questions that day.
UNK: And I told you that I like to question my most likely suspects
Beckett : after I know more about them. That way they're tied to more specific answers.
Castle : - You suspected him, too? - The husband? Duh.
Castle : You would really clean up at my poker game.
Beckett : Right. You, James Patterson
Beckett : No, thank you, Castle. Little too rich for my blood.
Castle : We could always make it strip poker.
Beckett : Sorry, but I prefer mystery to horror.
UNK: Mr Petersen : No, yeah, I'm in the space right now, but like I told you guys,
UNK: I'm gonna need at least 20,000 square feet.
UNK: I... Listen, I'm gonna give you guys a call back.