UNK: Mrs Peterson : Did you know that?
Castle : Actually, we did.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : All these months, I had no idea.
UNK: - But then you found out. - Yeah, Sara told me a few weeks ago.
UNK: Sara told you about the affair?
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Yes, and she'd been an absolute wreck about keeping it from me.
Castle : Yeah, I bet she was.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Did you know he was paying her extra?
Beckett : - No, he didn't mention that. - Imagine putting Sara
UNK: Mrs Peterson : - in the middle of something like that. - Something like what?
UNK: Well, using Sara to cover for himself.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : - I mean, it's disgusting. - I don't understand, Mrs. Peterson.
UNK: If you had nothing to do with Sara's death, then why would you lie?
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Because my cheating husband has no idea
UNK: Mrs Peterson : I'm about to serve him with divorce papers.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : I lied because I was at my lawyer's that afternoon.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Howard's not the only one who can keep a secret.
Martha : Hello there! What are you up to?
Brent : - Nothing. - Oh.
Martha : You're not webcamming again, I hope.
Castle : I burned a DVD from security cameras that the police are looking at.
Castle : And I've never webcammed.
Martha : That's your story, and you're sticking to it, huh?
UNK: The police just let you burn a DVD?
UNK: You do realize you're gonna have to stop stealing evidence, right?
Martha : I thought the whole purpose of following this detective around
Martha : - was to help you to write. - It's called research, Mother.
UNK: Ah. Well, you'd better hope this last Derrick Storm book sells, lover boy,
Martha : because research don't pay the bills.
Martha : - Is that the nanny? - Mmm-hmm.
Martha : What married woman in her right mind
Martha : invites a girl that pretty into her own home?
UNK: Mr Petersen : - Hey. - Hey.
Alexis : - What are you guys watching? - I'm watching. She's butting in.
UNK: The police can't find the nanny's cell phone.
Castle : They were hoping to lift some fingerprints from it.
UNK: I just thought I could see if she had it with her when
Castle : - she went down to the laundry room. - And?
Castle : It's in her hand the first time she brings the clothes down
Espositio : to the wash, but then she doesn't have it
Castle : - when she goes down to use the dryer. - So, she probably left it
Alexis : upstairs in the apartment where she worked.
Castle : They say they can't find it. Wait a sec.
UNK: What?
UNK: There's a five second time difference.
UNK: A five second time difference in what?
Castle : She rides the elevator twice to the basement.
Castle : The first time to put the clothes in the washer,
Castle : the second time to put them in the dryer.
Castle : Only the second time, the trip takes her five seconds longer.
Alexis : Why would it take her longer to travel the same distance?
Castle : It wouldn't.
UNK: I'm not quite sure where you're going with this, Castle.
UNK: Up. All right, 32 seconds.
UNK: It takes 32 seconds to get from the basement to the 12th floor.
Beckett : Great. I'll alert the media.
Castle : Only the second time, it took her 37 seconds.
Alexis : Why would it take her five extra seconds?
UNK: Because the second time, she wasn't coming from the 12th floor.
UNK: She was coming from the...
UNK: 15th floor? This doesn't make any sense.
UNK: The Petersons live on 12.
Castle : Yeah, but I bet the guy who wears that condom lives on 15.
Castle : By the way, that whole elevator thing? I just did that 'cause you smell nice.
Beckett : Castle, you can't just knock on people's doors.
Castle : - Why not? Who is it?
UNK: Because you're gonna freak them out. Police!
UNK: Old Guy : - You're the police? - Uh, she is.
Castle : - I'm sorry. Do you live here alone? - Yeah. Why you wanna know?
UNK: Uh, don't worry about it. You're not young enough.
UNK: Old Guy : - Young enough for what? - To have sex.
UNK: Uh, what kind of cops did you say you were?
Beckett : He's not a cop. I'm a cop.
UNK: And you're looking for someone to have sex with?
Beckett : Castle, look.
Beckett : So sorry to bother you.
UNK: Seventy-seven ain't beyond the realm of possibility, you know?
Beckett : Pardon me, is this little girl Becca?
UNK: Mrs Harris : I'm sorry. I'm not sure I'm following.
UNK: Prior to her murder, we believe that
UNK: Sara Manning was coming from this floor.
UNK: Mrs Harris : Well, I don't know anything about that. I was at work.
UNK: Mrs Harris : - Maybe she came up to see Chloe? - Chloe Richardson?
UNK: She and Sara were friends,