House : ran in front of a car.
Iris : You're lying.
House : He's down in the ER right now.
Iris : Shut up, you lying sack of crap!
UNK: Iris.
House : How do you know I'm lying?
Mickey : How do you know that your boyfriend is okay?
Iris : 'Cause I'm right here, you dick.
Chase : Iris has dissociative identity disorder
Chase : also known as multiple personality disorder.
Iris : Are you saying I'm crazy?
Chase : It's the mind's response to a severe trauma.
UNK: The person experiences something
Chase : that's too difficult to accept,
Chase : so they create alternate personalities that don't have to accept it.
Chase : Some think it's quite a natural reaction.
Faye : Iris hasn't had any severe traumas.
Taub : The car accident
Iris : I was two.
Iris : I don't remember anything.
Iris : These personalities that I'm supposed to have, where are they'?
Taub : They only come out when you're afraid or anxious.
Taub : That's why House used the hurt-boyfriend story.
Faye : But if there's no boyfriend, where did the bruises come from?
Faye : The pregnancy?
Chase : When you say your boyfriend hit you,
Chase : it means you actually hit yourself.
Taub : And the pregnancy doesn't take a boyfriend, just a boy.
Taub : You may not be aware of half the things you've done.
Faye : How could this be happening to my own daughter without me knowing it?
Taub : Diazepam was masking it. Taking her off made it more apparent.
Iris : But I... I wasn't on... Diazepam? What is that?
Faye : That's what those vitamin pills were.
UNK: Iris, I'm so sorry.
UNK: I just thought you were moody.
Faye : I didn't want you to think you needed medication.
Faye : Oh, my God, I can't believe how stupid I've been.
Chase : We need you to help us with something.
UNK: Different alters can have different apparent symptoms,
UNK: allergies, paraesthesia, vision loss, changes in blood pressure.
Iris : Do you think I'm making this up?
Chase : Your symptoms are real,
Chase : but some are physiological and others are psychological.
Faye : So there's something wrong with her
Faye : in addition to the multiple personalities'?
Chase : Yes, but we won't know what until we access her alters
Chase : and compare their symptoms.
Iris : How do you do that?
UNK: Hypnosis.
Wilson : Foreman's not gonna back down.
House : He's not an idiot. Yes, he is.
Wilson : Just like you. If you keep being stubborn, he will keep being stubborn.
Wilson : Eventually you will screw something up,
Wilson : which will be bad news for both of you
Wilson : but only one of you will be in prison.
Wilson : It just isn't worth it, House.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh... Yes, sir. Yes, I know I told you
House : that I had a chiropractor's appointment,
House : but I got a flat.
House : I know, right?