Chase : because of elevated hCG levels.
Adams : Which could also be caused by choriocarcinoma,
Adams : which affects the placenta, mimics pregnancy,
Adams : and causes elevated BP and vaginal bleeding.
Chase : Occult choriocarcinoma, which is why
Chase : we didn't see it on the ultrasound.
House : Tell all the alters that they have cancer.
Wilson : Mom or dad?
House : Mom, dad and mom's dad.
UNK: The good news is it made me realize that you were right.
House : I can't drop it.
House : But now that I accept that, I feel much less conflicted.
House : I've ruled out Wegener's, Berger's, heavy-metal poisoning...
Wilson : Two trains are about to collide
Wilson : and I'm trying to talk them out of it.
UNK: I still think I'm missing something.
Wilson : No, no. You don't want to listen to me,
Wilson : then I don't want to listen to you.
House : That is so fifth grade.
Wilson : I agree. And you know why?
Wilson : Because I'm just as bad as you.
Wilson : I knew this would fall on deaf ears
Wilson : but I just kept talking and talking.
House : You're right.
Wilson : You don't even know what I just said.
House : That is ridiculous.
House : You said, "Blah, blah, blah, deaf ears, blah, blah, blah."
UNK: Absolutely essential information.
Mickey : Ray! Ray!
Mickey : Leave him alone! What are you doing to him?
Chase : It's okay.
UNK: Mickey.
Mickey : You? You brought him?
House : I asked him to meet me here for a family reunion.
UNK: Ray!
Emory : Let's just get out of here, okay?
House : I know what killed your son.
Mickey : You don't get it, do you? I don't care what killed him!
House : It's called Alport syndrome.
House : It's a genetic condition characterized by kidney failure,
House : bronchial myomas, Mees lines and deafness.
Mickey : Idiot, Drew wasn't deaf.
Mickey : Son of a bitch! Get away from them!
Emory : House. House!
House : It's a genetic condition.
Iris : Shut up! Genetic.
UNK: Your father has the gene and so do you.
UNK: It was Grandpa's slight deafness that gave the game away.
UNK: You're apparently asymptomatic,
UNK: but you still passed the gene on to your children.
UNK: Plural.
Iris : You're lying.
UNK: He has high frequency hearing impairment and so did Drew.
House : That's why Drew made up his own words,
House : 'cause he couldn't hear properly.