UNK: Bloodwork was negative for HIV. All the money's on tumor.
Adams : How was the Brazilian?
Chase : It was fine. Hurt a bit.
Adams : What about House's theory? Why'd you really do it?
UNK: Because I'm vain and shallow. And you weren't before?
Chase : The girl I was seeing wasn't. There's nothing profound here.
Taub : No tumor either. It's not her brain.
Taub : Everything looks good.
Taub : What's the matter? My arms.
Chase : Still nothing? No. Now they're sore.
UNK: The paraesthesia's gone.
Chase : Could the bruising be caused by physical trauma?
Taub : You think she fell out of bed repeatedly?
Park : A blood disorder, maybe thrombocytopenia?
Adams : A vitamin K deficiency or scurvy
Adams : could explain bleeding problems
Adams : and pregnancy could exacerbate it.
House : Boys, do a home search, girls, do the lab tests.
House : I'm pretty sure that's not sexist.
UNK: Where've you been?
House : Picking up dry cleaning, filling up the tank, violating the dead.
House : If you don't believe me, call the monitoring company.
House : I did.
UNK: Unfortunately, the Patuxent River
House : Naval Air Station was GPS testing
Foreman : and disrupted the signal
Foreman : at the exact same 45 minutes you weren't here.
House : If I'd known I had 45 minutes of freedom,
House : I would have gone hang-gliding.
Foreman : I admire the creativity.
Foreman : But what happens when the stunt doesn't work?
UNK: You think you're gonna have to pay off a bet?
UNK: You think I'm gonna triple your clinic hours?
Foreman : I'm gonna call your PO and you're gonna go back to jail.
House : There are Mees lines on his fingernails,
House : so now I'm thinking heavy metal poisoning.
Wilson : You're an addict And I'm an idiot
Wilson : for thinking that your addictions were limited
Wilson : to pills, anti-social behavior and sarcasm.
UNK: Sorry. Vicodin repeating on me.
Wilson : You're also addicted to puzzles.
Wilson : You show all the classic behaviors,
UNK: lying, neglecting responsibilities,
Wilson : and you can't stop no matter how devastating the consequences.
House : Working on a medical case is not
House : a parole violation, it's my job description.
Wilson : Your job description is doing what Foreman tells you to do.
House : Before we get started, I just want to
House : thank you all for agreeing to relocate.
House : I had an appointment in this part of town
House : and I obviously didn't want to miss this meeting.
House : But thank you. I'm buying.
House : Not literally.
House : Hey, Emory, shall we powder our noses?
House : Hey, did you know your ex-wife still lives right behind this place?
UNK: She finishes work at 4 : 00, picks up her new kid at 4 : 15.
UNK: Gives us about 20 minutes.
UNK: I made some calls.
UNK: It's amazing what people will tell you if you ask rudely enough.
UNK: Was that table here?
UNK: Some kinds of pressure-treated wood can contain arsenic.
Emory : We shouldn't be here.
House : We don't have a choice.
House : This is the only way I'm gonna get your answer.
House : Does your ex leave a spare key anywhere?
Emory : How did he look?
UNK: Peaceful.
Taub : Vitamin K deficiency's a bust.
Taub : Fridge has more spinach and broccoli than a farmers' market.
Adams : The Brazilian, you said it hurt a bit.
UNK: You've had one? More than one. And you haven't.
UNK: They hurt all your bits.
UNK: That's my dark secret. What's yours?
Chase : I had the nails and eyebrows done but that's it.
Chase : I just needed to create a distraction.
Chase : I met a TV producer at a dinner,
Chase : she asked me to appear on their medical segment.