House : How does your ex-wife do it?
House : How come she's not angry and miserable?
Emory : She treated it like it never happened.
Emory : She never even cried.
Emory : Not even at his funeral.
Emory : I was a mess and she just sat there like
Emory : a statue.
Wilson : We have a problem.
Foreman : Does it limp?
Wilson : Why do you care if he works on two cases?
UNK: Because next it'll be three cases, then four,
Foreman : then animal cases and ghost cases, then animal-ghost cases.
Foreman : Assuming, of course, we are talking about House.
Wilson : You're just setting yourself up to fail.
Foreman : He has a lot more to lose than I do. And he knows that.
Foreman : He's rational.
Wilson : No, he's not.
Foreman : He's the most rational man I've ever met. Annoyingly so.
UNK: He's not gonna put himself back in jail over a dead kid.
Wilson : He's an addict
Wilson : And he will put himself back in jail over a puzzle.
Foreman : He'll back down.
Park : Halfway through the perimetry exam, her tunnel vision went away.
UNK: - She could see perfectly. - TIA.
Chase : The word "transient" is right there in the name.
Chase : Ah. Here we go.
UNK: The original script wasn't...
Park : So you just wanted to look pretty on TV?
House : Question is, why did he want that?
House : Clinic time.
Taub : What do you want us to do?
UNK: M RA for TIA.
UNK: ROFL.
Adams : Thought you only had clinic on Tuesdays.
House : Oh, you're right.
Mickey : Hi. I'm here for the free flu shot. I got a call saying...
UNK: And I'm here to find out why you didn't care about your first kid.
UNK: Losing a child, you just breezed right through it.
UNK: What do you know about my first kid?
UNK: Couldn't even squeeze out a single tear at the funeral.
Mickey : Where are you getting this? Couldn't wait to squeeze out
UNK: a brand new replacement kid.
House : Damn it.
Mickey : You had no right to say that
House : I know. I deserved the slap.
House : But I was hoping that you weren't capable of ii.
House : Apathetic hyperthyroidism.
House : Could have kidney involvement, could be genetic, definitely causes apathy.
House : I was hoping that your lack of emotion
House : was a symptom of something you could've passed on to your first son.
Mickey : You know Emory.
House : We belong to the same club.
Mickey : He wants to relive this, I don't.
House : So I heard.
Mickey : Emory was a wonderful man.
Mickey : Never afraid to show his emotions.
Mickey : Which is great most of the time but when Drew died,
Mickey : it overwhelmed him.
Mickey : I vowed I wouldn't let that happen to me.
House : That's why you left him?
Mickey : I left because of his eyes.
Mickey : He had Drew's eyes.
House : Who used to babysit Drew?
Mickey : My father, but... His place or yours?
Mickey : There are two types of people.
Mickey : Those who can move on and those who can't.
Mickey : My father keeps up a good front but he's just like Emory.
Mickey : You need to leave him alone.
House : So he has two types of people inside of him.
UNK: MRI was normal.
UNK: Yeah...
House : I found out where your boyfriend lives.
House : When I paid him a visit, he took off,