UNK: and I need to go to bed.
Castle : Oh, no, I'm not leaving. I'm here to protect you.
Beckett : What, with your vast arsenal of rapier wit?
Castle : There is a madman gunning for you because of me.
Castle : I am not going to leave you alone.
UNK: Okay, fine. I am too tired to argue.
UNK: But if I see that doorknob turn, I will have you know, Mr. Castle,
Beckett : - that I sleep with a gun. - Understood.
Beckett : You're still here. And you're making pancakes.
Castle : I was hoping for bacon and eggs, but your eggs were expired
Castle : and your bacon has something furry on it.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I mostly order in.
Castle : Figured that from the Styrofoam temple you got going on in that refrigerator.
Castle : Coffee's brewed. I think your filter's broken, though.
Castle : I'll order you a new one later.
Beckett : Wow, looks like you thought of everything.
Castle : Except the paper.
Beckett : Castle, we don't have time for the paper.
Beckett : There's a body out there that I gotta find.
Castle : Looks like it found you.
Ryan : - So, you had just gotten up, right? - Yeah.
Beckett : Castle just finished making breakfast and he went to the door...
Ryan : - What kind of breakfast? - I'm sorry?
Ryan : What kind of breakfast was he making?
Beckett : - Pancakes. - Well, isn't that domestic?
UNK: Anyway, the paper usually arrives at 4 : 00, and we were up at 7 : 00,
UNK: so that means the killer had a three-hour window
UNK: where he could've left the body there unnoticed.
Ryan : And exactly what time did you and Mr. Castle go to bed last night?
Beckett : - I think we're done here. - Dude, I see Beckett in her jammies,
Esposito : wine glasses on the table...
UNK: There is nothing going on with Beckett and me.
Castle : No more than there was yesterday.
Ryan : - Dude, you made her pancakes? - It's just breakfast.
Esposito : Pancakes is not just breakfast.
Esposito : It's an edible way of saying, "Thank you so much for last night."
Ryan : Castle, come on. We're your friends. Details.
Castle : All right, come here.
Castle : There are no details!
Esposito : - I can't even look at you right now. - Witness refuses to cooperate.
Shaw : Now we know why he took the body.
Beckett : "I know where you live." This was a threat.
Shaw : More than that.
Shaw : He's saying he's disappointed in you.
UNK: In his mind, he gave you fair warning that he was gonna kill again.
Shaw : If you had been smarter, you would have been able to stop him.
UNK: He's saying this one is on you.
Shaw : I'm profiling him, Detective, not agreeing with him.
UNK: The guy's a frigging nutbar! Don't let him get to you.
Castle : Talk about irony.
Beckett : - Do we have an ID on our vic? - No, not yet.
Shaw : There's no purse, no missing persons report filed.
UNK: The coroner's van's downstairs.
Shaw : We need to get the body to the morgue and pull the slugs.
Shaw : Only four entry wounds.
Shaw : If the pattern holds, he should have a four-letter word for us.
UNK: It's funny. I have a four-letter word for him, too.
Shaw : Why don't you two escort the body to the morgue
Shaw : and let me know what you find? Once you're dressed, of course.
Lanie : Hey. Heard you two were making pancakes when the body dropped.
Beckett : - Nothing happened. - Right.
Beckett : So, what do you got?
Lanie : Letters on the slugs. B-U-R...
Beckett : - "Burn." Nikki will burn. - Well, that's chilling.
Beckett : Our victim's fingerprints aren't in the system.
Beckett : Do you have anything that can ID her?
Lanie : - Well, I found formaldehyde on her. - Yeah, that's from the killer.
UNK: He left it at the other scenes as well.
Lanie : Not traces. It was under her fingernails, in her hair.
Lanie : She worked with embalming fluid.
Lanie : I also found traces of clay, polyurethane and animal blood.
Lanie : I don't know who she is, but I can tell you what she does.
UNK: Castle/beckett : - She's a taxidermist. - She's a taxidermist.
Lanie : So cute, the way you two do that!
Shaw : - Taxidermy? - Embalming fluid plus animal hair
Castle : equals Norman Bates' favorite pastime.
Beckett : It can't be just a coincidence that we found embalming fluid
Beckett : at our first two crime scenes as well.
Shaw : So, the killer and this victim were connected.
Beckett : It seems so.
Beckett : So, there's only seven taxidermy shops in the city.
Beckett : My guys are running them down right now.
Shaw : But if there was a connection between them,
Shaw : why didn't comparison matrix find it?
Beckett : Maybe it's not as simple as a work relationship
Beckett : or going to the same gym.
Beckett : Like you said, it takes a mind to hunt a mind.
UNK: Yo. Got an ID on our third vic.
Esposito : Name is Sandra Keller.
Esposito : She works at a taxidermy shop downtown.
Beckett : Any connection between her and our killer?
UNK: A colleague of hers says she had a run-in with a guy
Ryan : who maybe matched our sketch.
Ryan : A customer whose bichon frise had been killed in the park
UNK: by another dog, a Rottweiler.
Esposito : Customer was heartbroken. He paid half upfront
Esposito : to have his Mr. Bumpkins preserved for eternity.
Esposito : When he came back to pick up his dog, didn't have the fee.
Ryan : When Sandra refused to give up stuffed Bumpkins,
Ryan : the guy went ballistic and stormed out of the store.
Ryan : Two nights later, they had a break-in.
Ryan : Among the things that went missing are this guy's stuffed bichon frise
Ryan : and a bunch of embalming fluid.
Shaw : That explains why we found traces of it at the murder scenes.
Esposito : He also trashed the store's computer.
Esposito : There's no client data, no name.
UNK: My agents interviewed all of Michelle Lewis' dog-walking clients.
Shaw : One couple had to put their Rottweiler down
Shaw : because Michelle lost control of it and it killed another dog.
Esposito : Mr. Bumpkins.
Castle : So, grief-stricken, our killer blames Michelle and Sandra
Castle : for the loss of his best friend, and decides to get revenge.
UNK: All this about a dog?
Beckett : What does this have to do with Nikki Heat?
UNK: The dog's a trigger.
Shaw : Maybe he was reading the book when it was killed.
Shaw : When he snapped, he somehow blamed Nikki for it.
Beckett : - It seems a little absurd. - You must be a cat lover.
Shaw : Detective, he's looking for a reason to kill. This is it.
Esposito : What about our first vic? How does Peterman fit into all this?
UNK: Well, he was a personal injury lawyer.
Castle : Maybe our murderer wanted to file a wrongful doggie-death suit.
Avery : According to Peterman's notes, back in January,
Avery : he had a meeting with a Ben Conrad over a lawsuit about a dead dog.
Avery : Peterman declined to take the case, though.
Castle : - That's the last piece of our puzzle. - What do you have on Conrad?
Avery : Just a photo from the DMV.
UNK: Got you, you son of a bitch.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Okay. Okay, sweetie.
Shaw : Mommy's gotta go arrest somebody, okay? I'll be home for dinner.
Shaw : All right, I love you. Bye.
Beckett : - You're a mom? - Yeah.
Shaw : And you can holster your gun. You're both staying here.
UNK: What? Come on! This is the final take-down!
Castle : - You can't let her do this to us. - No, Agent Shaw's right.
Beckett : I'm his target.
Beckett : I can't compromise your team by walking into the line of fire.
Shaw : We'll take him down, but it'll still be your collar.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Wow. She's a mom. I never would've pegged her for that.
Beckett : I figured she was a career-driven woman with no time for a family.
Castle : Well, not everybody makes that choice.
Castle : - Beckett. - He's calling for you.
Beckett : Put him on. Hello?
UNK: He knows we're here. It's over, Ben. Time to give up.
Beckett : Ben, listen to me, you're surrounded. I need you to put the gun down.
Beckett : Ben, I need you to step outside of your apartment with your hands raised.
UNK: Ben!
UNK: Go!
Man : Go! Go! Go!
UNK: Bedroom's clear! Kitchen's clear!
Shaw : We're sending the gun to ballistics, but given it's a.45,
Shaw : it's probably the same one he used on other victims.
Castle : And probably the same one he was gonna use on you.
Shaw : Actually, no.
Shaw : He was planning something a little more spectacular.
Castle : Cell phones?
Beckett : He was making a detonator.
Shaw : He was extracting formaldehyde from the embalming fluid he stole
Shaw : to create cyclonite, a near military-grade explosive.
UNK: Well, when you profiled him, you said he was probably an arsonist.
Shaw : I also said he liked to make a big scene.
Shaw : Schematics of the precinct.
Shaw : He was planning on killing you and taking the whole station with you.
Castle : "Nikki will burn." I can see the poetry in that.
Castle : The terrible, homicidal poetry.
Shaw : I just wouldn't have profiled this guy as suicidal.
Shaw : I guess once we found him,
Shaw : it was the only way he could control the situation.
Beckett : At least Conrad saved us the trouble of a trial.
Shaw : And the best news is, I'm out of your hair.
UNK: The best news is that it's over.
UNK: Hey. Thought you went to bed an hour ago.
Alexis : I couldn't sleep.
Alexis : - I thought the case was over. - It is. Wrapped up all nice and neat.
Alexis : That's a good thing, right?
Castle : In a book, that's a good thing. In real life, nothing is that neat.
Castle : What's got you still up?
Alexis : Gram. I can't believe she's leaving tomorrow.
Alexis : I mean, yeah, when she first moved in,
Alexis : I couldn't imagine having her around all the time.
UNK: But now I can't imagine her being gone.
Castle : Listen. It's a fact of life. People we love leave us.
UNK: Unless you chain them to a radiator, which, for some reason, is illegal.
UNK: But knowing her,
Castle : she'll be back in six months.
Martha : Oh, good, you're both up.
Martha : Darling, I need you to help me decide on what to take.
Martha : Oh, and I need to get my bags down. Richard, could you give us a hand?
Martha : - A hand. - What?
Castle : The bruising pattern on the second victim.
Castle : The killer used his left hand.
UNK: And see his handwriting?
UNK: Look at the slope on the four and the loop on the six.
Martha : Yeah, so he was left-handed.
UNK: But Ben Conrad shot himself with his right hand.
Castle : If the man in the window was Ben Conrad,
Castle : he would've shot himself on the left side.
Castle : Ben Conrad didn't kill himself.
Castle : Ben Conrad was murdered by the man in the window.
UNK: Ben... Ben's not our killer. The real killer was just playing with us.
Alexis : - But the evidence... - No, it was...
Castle : It was planted there to lead us to Ben.
Castle : He wants us to think it's over.
Castle : He wants us to drop our guard. He wants to make a big scene.
Castle : - "Nikki will burn." Beckett. Oh, God.
Castle : Montgomery took the detail off her place. She's alone.