Beckett : - Tell me more about this murder. Tracing...
Ryan : Got it. - Hello?
Ryan : 42nd and Lex.
Castle : - That's Grand Central Station. - Yeah. Let's go.
Ryan : the phone call came from the second booth on the end.
UNK: Man Of The Crime Scene Unit : Here's his wallet.
Castle : - Thank you. You got it.
Beckett : His name's Alex Peterman, lives in Dobbs Ferry.
Beckett : So it wasn't a robbery.
Beckett : - He's a personal injury attorney. - Taking the late train home.
Beckett : Anything other than GSWs?
Lanie : Nope, just the five shots to the chest from a.45.
UNK: A.45 makes a pretty loud snap, crackle and pop.
Castle : Find it hard to believe no one heard it on the main concourse.
Beckett : He must have used a suppressor and waited for the train to pass by.
UNK: And let's face it, New Yorkers are famous
UNK: for their "Hear no evil, see no evil" attitude.
Lanie : I'll give you a call with an update once I get him back to the lab.
Castle : Thank you.
Castle : Hey, quick. Who do you want to play you in the Nikki Heat movie?
Lanie : - Halle Berry. - See?
Castle : Some people are just great at that game.
Castle : You know who we could get for you? Angelina...
Castle : No. Kate Beckett... Kate Beckinsale.
Castle : We'll call you K-Becks.
Beckett : Hey guys, where are we on the case?
UNK: We got a woman who says
UNK: that she heard a loud sound around 8 : 45.
UNK: Sounded like a car door slamming.
UNK: Then she said she saw a white male, 30s, average height,
Ryan : exiting the waiting room, moving very quickly to the 42nd street exit.
Esposito : Said he was wearing a black coat, black ball cap, sunglasses,
Esposito : and had some sort of beard, maybe a goatee.
UNK: All right, let's see if anyone can corroborate her description,
Beckett : and let's make up a sketch, show it to Alex Peterman's family,
Beckett : see if they recognize the killer.
Castle : What is it?
Beckett : He called to report his crime.
Beckett : And that voice... It's like he did this for fun.
Alexis : Hey, you're up early.
Castle : Yes, I have a date with Beckett at the morgue.
UNK: What nefarious plots are you two hatching?
UNK: Ah...
Castle : My birthday is coming up.
UNK: Ah.
Alexis : I think you should tell him, Gram. Sometimes he gives good advice.
Alexis : - Sometimes? Maybe you're right,
Martha : but I am not in the mood for any of your cavalier quips.
Castle : I'll be serious as a shark attack.
Martha : Chet has asked me to move in with him.
Alexis : I told her that I thought it was too soon. They've only been dating a few months.
Martha : When you get to be our age, every minute counts.
Martha : To that end, I have made a list of pros and cons.
Martha : - So far the pros are winning. - "Pro. He makes me feel young."
Castle : - Well... - I make you feel young.
Martha : Oh, darling.
UNK: "Cons. I don't want to live in another man's home."
Martha : You are not another man. Besides, I trained you.
Martha : Who knows what bad habits Chet picked up along the way, you know?
Castle : Mother, whatever you decide, I will support you.
Castle : Same way I have since the last man you lived with stole your life savings.
Lanie : Cause of death is multiple gunshot wounds.
Lanie : Tox indicates he had a martini about an hour before he died.
Lanie : Other than that, there is nothing interesting about the body.
Beckett : So, then why the call?
UNK: The body isn't interesting, excuse me, but the bullets are.
Lanie : Check out the marking on the end of the slugs.
Beckett : - After-market factory stamps? - No.
Castle : Those aren't stamps, they're letters.
UNK: I think they're hand-etched.
UNK: Spell something. They spell "Kinki."
UNK: No.
UNK: "Nikki." Nikki Heat.
Beckett : That's why he called me. That's why he said he was a fan.
Beckett : He dedicated this murder to me.
Montgomery : Does he realize she's a fictional character
UNK: and not a real person?
Castle : Obviously he's delusional.
Castle : But given that Nikki Heat is based on Detective Beckett,
Castle : maybe he's confusing the two.
Castle : And we showed Alex Peterman's family the sketch of our suspect.
Castle : He did not look familiar.
Montgomery : - How are we on forensics? - CSU grabbed about 200 fingerprints,
Beckett : a thousand fibers and sixty-odd DNA samples,
Beckett : and that was just from the phone box. They're working them up now.
Beckett : After they clear their backlog.
Ryan : Beckett, guy on the phone's asking for Detective Heat.
Beckett : Yes, I did.