Lanie : Same MO.
UNK: She was shot four times with the.45.
Lanie : There are contusions on the victim's left side
Lanie : consistent with the muzzle of a.45 being jammed into her ribs.
Lanie : I'm guessing the killer is left-handed.
UNK: CSU pulled the slugs from the back of the carriage?
Lanie : Yes, there were letters on the slugs. They spell W-l-L-L.
Beckett : So he's sending a message.
Beckett : - Nikki will... - What? Nikki will what?
Beckett : - Thank you, Lanie. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : I guess its official. Our guy is a serial killer.
Beckett : I would think that a serial killer would be like the Holy Grail
Beckett : for a crime novelist.
Castle : I guess it would be, if it weren't for the Nikki Heat of it all.
UNK: I feel a little bit responsible.
Beckett : Really? Like the Beatles are responsible for Charles Manson
Beckett : Or is it more like Jodie Foster's responsible
Beckett : for John Hinckley shooting Reagan?
UNK: - Lf I hadn't created Nikki Heat... - He would still be killing.
Beckett : He'd just find another reason why.
Castle : Either a UFO just landed on the other side of the park...
UNK: Or else the FBI's here to claim jurisdiction over this case.
UNK: Maybe they just want a ride on the carousel before the line gets too long.
UNK: Rope off a ten-foot circumference around the carousel.
UNK: Jordan Shaw : Sweep for prints and trace evidence.
UNK: Jordan Shaw : Close off the park entrance at 6th, work up the entire footpath.
Beckett : Here goes.
Shaw : - Nikki Heat, I presume. - It's Beckett. Detective Kate Beckett.
Shaw : And you must be the celebrity writer tag-along, Richard Castle.
Shaw : - Special Agent Jordan Shaw. - Jordan Shaw?
Castle : The same Jordan Shaw that broke the Hudson Valley Strangler case
Castle : - back in 1991? - I also play a mean game of Scrabble.
Shaw : Now that we all know each other, I'd like to see the body.
Beckett : Agent Shaw, my people have already secured the area.
Beckett : CSU is on the scene, and we are canvassing the park,
Beckett : so as happy as I am to see the cavalry,
UNK: there's really not much left here for you to do.
UNK: Detective, the gods in the marble halls
Shaw : have sent me here to catch a killer,
Shaw : which I will do with or without your help. Okay?
UNK: - Now, can I see the body? - That is so going in the movie.
Castle : Can you say that again, but start from "marble halls"?
Ryan : Unis pulled this from a trash bin. Wallet's inside.
Ryan : Vic's name is Michelle Lewis.
Esposito : According to her business card, she's a dog walker.
Beckett : There's a print here, and it's too large to be our victim's.
Beckett : Let's get it to the lab for...
Beckett : - What are you doing? - That print is already in the lab
Shaw : and being processed. No muss, no fuss,
Shaw : - no black powder on your clothes. Wow, there's an app for that?
Shaw : That's why I joined the FBI, Mr. Castle. For the toys.
Shaw : - Really eager to see that body. - Can I take a look at that?
Castle : Be a chance to check it later.
UNK: Set up on the east side. All right, watch your back.
Woman : - What's going on? - They're setting up the war room.
Beckett : War room?
Beckett : Tell me everything you know about Jordan Shaw.
Castle : She is like the federal you. She is good. She's real good.
Castle : She cracked open that Hudson Valley Strangler case
Castle : when she was just 25.
Beckett : I thought they caught him off of a speeding ticket.
Castle : Well, don't ask me how, but she profiled that he drove a Yugo.
Beckett : They found a girl tied up in the back.
UNK: Uh-huh. Jordan Shaw saved that girl's life.
Beckett : I've never seen you so excited to meet anyone before.
UNK: - No, I just... I'm... Coming through. Excuse us.
UNK: Other Man : Watch it. Through here.
Castle : Can we go see the war room now?
Shaw : You're running partials too, right?
Avery : Through all databases.
UNK: The lab is getting us information as fast as we can follow up.
Beckett : I thought there was a backlog at the lab.
Shaw : I have a federal fast pass, so I get to jump the line.
Shaw : Currently we are running 35 solid leads
Shaw : based on DNA prints, trace evidence found from both crime scenes,
UNK: and we're running it through the FBI data matrix.
Shaw : The matrix also looks for a connection between the victims,
Shaw : in case the killer has a type or a favorite hunting ground,
Shaw : or isn't killing randomly.
Castle : Both Alex Peterman and Michelle Lewis
Castle : belonged to the same Wessex Gym,
Castle : but they went to different locations.
Castle : They were both members of MOMA. Hmm...
Castle : Both adopted their dogs from the same ASPCA.
Beckett : Wow. Sounds like it does your job for you.
Shaw : A machine can collate, it can't think. It takes a mind to hunt a mind.
Shaw : Take this guy.
Shaw : He calls the police to report his own crime.
UNK: Likes to kill in heavily-populated areas and uses bullets as messages.
UNK: Now, most of these stalker-types can barely tie their own shoes.
Shaw : This one's different. Smarter.
Beckett : You almost sound like you admire him.
Shaw : The better I know him, the easier it will be to catch him.
UNK: It's like when I'm writing.
Castle : The killer's voice doesn't sound authentic
Castle : unless I understand his motivation.
UNK: Well, this guy likes to make a scene.
Shaw : I wouldn't be surprised if he was also an arsonist.
Shaw : In fact, I think that's what drew him
Shaw : to the Nikki Heat character in the first place, her name.
Shaw : Speaking of Detective Heat...
Castle : Guys, listen, not that I don't appreciate the royalties,
UNK: If our killer is obsessed with Nikki Heat, then so are we.
UNK: Avery? CliffsNotes, please.
UNK: "A real estate tycoon is killed. Detective Nikki Heat catches the case
UNK: "and investigates suspects who wanted the man dead.
UNK: "There's a trophy wife." Of course.
UNK: - "Dangerous mobsters..." - Excuse me, it's a...
Castle : I don't think there's a need to make it sound quite so dry. Thanks.
UNK: "Heat's life is complicated by a reporter named Jameson Rook,
UNK: "who's following her around for an article he's writing.
UNK: "Heat and Rook verbally spar,
UNK: "and in chapter 11, admit their attraction for one another
UNK: "and have sex."
Beckett : It's fiction.
UNK: "In the end, when the killer's revealed, it turns out it's actually..."
Castle : Spoiler alert.
Shaw : In deference to Mr. Castle's artistic sensitivity,
Shaw : you can all read the book to find out the identity of the killer.
Castle : Thank you. And If you want me to autograph those for you,
Castle : just form a single file line right here.
Castle : - Or not. We got a hit.
UNK: That pinky print off the second victim's purse belongs to a Donald Salt,
UNK: two-time loser.
Avery : On parole for a manslaughter conviction in 2005.
Avery : They just matched it to the partial pinky print
Avery : your team recovered from Grand Central.
UNK: Two pinky prints. So, he was at the station and the carousel.
Beckett : And the purse puts him with our victim.
Shaw : Let's mount up.
Shaw : Yeah, okay, just pulling up now.
Shaw : Yep. Got it.
Shaw : Salt lives in that brick building.
Shaw : His supervisor says he left work an hour ago,
Shaw : so he should be home by now.
UNK: When the others get here, we'll take him.
Shaw : - What is he doing? - He touches things.
UNK: Night-vision goggles. I think I have the newer model, though.
Castle : Maybe in my third book, Nikki Heat will cross swords
UNK: with a good-Iooking yet cold-hearted FBI profiler.
Castle : Or maybe not.
Shaw : So how long have you two been sleeping together?
Beckett : We're not sleeping together. We... He just observes me.