Man : How does it feel to know that you have failed?
Shaw : Check the stairs! Get a unit on the roof!
Shaw : I want eyes on every inch of this structure!
Beckett : He was just here. That body can't be too far.
UNK: Over here. Lot of blood.
Ryan : Woman's shoe. Got a broken heel.
UNK: - Strands of hair. - Looks like she put up a fight.
Beckett : There's four shell casings.
Beckett : There's no way she would've survived without medical attention.
UNK: Well, then, where's the body?
Castle : He always leaves the body where he kills.
Shaw : And he always kills in famous places with lots of foot traffic.
Shaw : - He's changing his MO. - Which makes him more unpredictable,
Castle : which makes him more dangerous.
Avery : Structure's clear. There's no body.
Shaw : - Where the hell did he put her? He put her in his trunk.
Beckett : That blood trail ends right here.
Castle : So he waited, probably left his car idling.
Castle : Takes down his victim, popped his trunk, put her in,
Castle : drove away, body on board.
Shaw : Get the parking attendant to give us a list
UNK: of all the vehicles through here, and the video footage.
Castle : - You think he used his own car? - No,
Shaw : but if he stole it tonight, he might not have had time to switch the plates.
Shaw : We put out an APB.
Beckett : I'll get my guys to get a roster of all the people
Beckett : who had monthlies on this floor.
Shaw : My people are already on it, and I got way more people than you do.
Shaw : Your captain has a unit on your apartment.
Shaw : Go home, get some rest.
Beckett : - It's not necess... - No argument!
Shaw : You're no good to me if you're burned out.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : - Hi. - What are you still doing up?
UNK: Ah, I can't sleep. Too much on my mind, you know?
Martha : - Decisions to make, and... - Wow, one of your old wedding videos.
Ryan : Are you kidding? This guy's a pushover
Martha : - compared to my ex-husbands. - So, the pros outweighed the cons?
Martha : Darling, this was always supposed to be a temporary situation
Martha : until I got back on my feet, you know?
Castle : Well, the Rodgers women always follow their hearts.
Martha : You okay?
Castle : This case, it just...
UNK: - lf it wasn't for my book... - What are you gonna do, darling?
Martha : Stop writing because some idiot has got a screw loose?