Bailey : I was hoping you would tell me you spent the money so you could scrub in.
Derek : - But, I... - You need to decide
Bailey : whether or not you're a surgeon.
Bailey : Because this thing you did...
Bailey : This is lovely and generous, and I'm not trying to take away from any of that.
Bailey : But you are, once again, overly involved.
Bailey : Once again, you are personally involved.
UNK: So, no, I'm sorry. You cannot scrub in.
Callie : George kissed me. Yesterday.
UNK: One minute he's holding a urine bag, the next minute he's kissing me.
Callie : You think he's just freaking out about his dad?
UNK: Eh, you're right.
Callie : He's probably just freaking out. I shouldn't hold him to it.
Derek : What?
UNK: Did you just not hear a word I said? I'm pouring my heart out here. Geez.
UNK: It's all about you, isn't it? Everything's about Addison.
Addison : I aborted Mark's baby.
Callie : It is all about you.
UNK: The floor's all yours.
UNK: About eight months ago...
Addison : ...I... peed on a stick.
UNK: And I wasn't even gonna tell him, but then I did.
Addison : Tell him.
Addison : And he went out and he bought this insane Yankees onesie,
Addison : and a calendar and marked the due date.
Addison : Which, I should mention, was today.
Callie : - You didn't want a baby? - I wanted Derek.
Addison : I wanted to have a baby with Derek.
Addison : I never thought I'd end up alone.
UNK: Hey, you have not ended up anywhere.
UNK: Yeah, you're right. I know. It's just that...
Addison : ...sometimes it feels that way, you know?
Addison : This is one of those weeks it feels that way.
Derek : - Drill. - Here you go.
UNK: The other screw, please.
Alex : Hey. How's your old man?
George : His urine output's holding steady. Mostly it's steady today, which is good.
Cristina : Have you seen Burke today?
George : Even if I did like you, I still wouldn't tell you that.
Izzie : How can you be OK with Burke, but not Cristina?
George : Her career wasn't on the line when she lied to me.
Meredith : Why don't you just ask Burke about the hand?
Cristina : I'm not talking to him. He owes me.
Derek : - What? - I don't know.
Alex : You're together, but you don't talk to each other?
UNK: - Mm-hmm. - Wish I could find that in a woman.
Meredith : - Hey, how's it going with Addison? - What? What?
UNK: Why would you...? What do you mean by that?