Nurse : - Is that his lunch? - Oh, no, you can't have it.
Derek : - What? - He's restricted from food.
Nurse : - No, he's not. - I'm his doctor.
Nurse : - You are not. - I just want to know how he is.
Burke : And withholding food gets her that how?
Cristina : Fine. Feed him. Whatever.
Nurse : You want me to call security?
Alex : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I haven't seen you in the last couple of days.
Alex : Yeah, I was covering the pit
UNK: and I got pulled into an emergency appy and ruptured spleen.
UNK: It's been pretty chaotic.
Addison : Look, Karev, I'm your attending.
Addison : I'm sorry about what happened. It's been a weird week.
Meredith : For me.
UNK: So normally...
UNK: Anyway, I apologize.
Alex : The baby's bowels functioning yet?
UNK: Yeah, actually, she had her first diaper change today.
George : - So... - That's good.
Addison : Yeah, it is.
UNK: That neighbor kid, Mike Wilden?
George : I did hit him in the face with a stick.
George : And when his dad came over, and he was yelling,
George : and you asked me if it was true...
George : I lied.
UNK: And you thought I never lied.
George : So you took my side.
George : And you and his dad got in that big fight,
George : and then his kids egged our house
George : and then Ronny and Jerry went over...
George : ...and blew up his lawn mower. Anyway...
George : I did it.
George : He was teasing me, and he was bigger than me...
George : ...so I needed a stick to reach his face.
George : And I lied to you, Dad.
George : So...
George : ...I'm saying I'm sorry.
Callie : Dad?
George : If you have any more fight in you...
George : If you could fight this thing just a little harder,
George : that would be good.
George : That'd be good right now.
Izzie : - Where's Derek? - He slept at his place.
Meredith : Do I really snore?
Izzie : I grew up next to a freeway, so it doesn't bother me. But yeah, you do.
Meredith : - Did you get any sleep last night? - No.
Izzie : No, I stayed up baking and cleaning the bathroom floor
Izzie : in case George wants to lay down on it.
UNK: It's weird. I have all this money. I...
Izzie : I have all this money and I would spend every penny of it
Izzie : to save George from what he's about to go through, but I can't.
Izzie : It's useless.
Izzie : So I made cobbler.
UNK: - Well, cobbler's good. - Yeah.
UNK: EKG Tech to the ER stat.