Castle : - She. Death is a woman. - Okay. Following you so far...
UNK: Okay. Alexis says that Hayley liked to draw from tarot cards in her writing.
Castle : And in tarot cards, Death isn't death. Death means "change."
Beckett : Okay, so she wasn't hiding from death, she was hiding from change.
Castle : - She hated Obama! - Who is the embodiment of change?
Beckett : What woman represented the biggest change in Hayley's life?
Beckett : The one who sent her to rehab. The one who saved her life.
Castle : Bree Busch? Why would Hayley's producer want to hurt her?
Beckett : I don't know, but it's worth a shot.
Castle : - Are you crying? - Stay here.
UNK: Hey.
Sky : I was singing her words. I could hear her voice.
Sky : I could feel her like she was here.
Beckett : That's because your sister was strong.
Beckett : You thought that she was using again, but she wasn't. She was clean.
Castle : I wish there was something we could do.
Castle : Can't we send her to rehab or something?
Beckett : No one can help her until she's ready to get clean.
UNK: So, I called in the warrants you wanted on Bree Busch.
UNK: Phone records are gonna take a day,
UNK: but her credit card puts her in the city at 10 : 48.
UNK: Now, I checked her interview notes,
UNK: she said she was at home at Brooklyn at 10 : 00.
UNK: Where was she at 10 : 48?
Ryan : At a pharmacy at 12th and 19th.
Castle : That's three blocks from the crime scene.
Esposito : Yeah. Made me wonder what she was shopping for, so I called the store.
Esposito : They faxed over a receipt.
Beckett : Bottle of water, energy bar,
Beckett : and a tube of Daniella Bolan Velvet Kiss Lava Red lipstick.
Castle : That's the same lipstick used to paint a smile on Hayley's face.
UNK: -- Act Five [28 : Okay. It's true. I saw her the night she died.
Beckett : Why didn't you tell us that before?
UNK: Bree Busch : She had called the studio earlier that day.
UNK: Bree Busch : She spoke to my assistant, Kelly, okay?
UNK: Bree Busch : She said she wanted to come by
UNK: Bree Busch : and pick up some stuff she'd left behind,
UNK: Bree Busch : - a guitar and some pedals. - That's how you got her new number.