Martha : - Very creepy. - How's it creepy?
UNK: Franco Marquez : "Death, she grows near"?
Alexis : She doesn't mean "death" death.
Castle : Well, what other kinds of death are there?
UNK: Allegorical, metaphoric, symbolic, spiritual, emotional, sexual...
Castle : Okay, okay, that's quite enough.
Castle : I think I'm paying far too much for her education.
Alexis : I think this one's symbolic.
Alexis : Hayley was into all sorts of new age-y imagery. Uh...
Alexis : Numerology, astrology, tarot.
Alexis : And in tarot, the Death card doesn't symbolize dying.
Alexis : It symbolizes transformation, change. Listen.
Alexis : "The hands we're dealt," like she's having her cards read.
Alexis : "Death grows near" means change is coming.
Martha : Oh, oh! That reminds me of sitting around with Lisa Olsen,
Martha : trying to decode The Beatles' lyrics,
Martha : spinning the record backwards and to see if "Paul was dead."
Castle : And who could forget the countless hours I spent pondering the lyrics
UNK: Sounds like a drama is afoot. Who kissed whom at which bleachers?
Alexis : No. It's the official Blue Pill website.
Alexis : There's a new thread talking about the band getting back together.
Castle : - What? - Look at this.
Castle : "Sky Blue is supposed to take Hayley's place as lead singer."
Castle : "This is all but a done deal."
Castle : "I heard they're starting rehearsals right away."
Castle : - "OMG, OMG, OMG." - Look at this one.
Alexis : "A source at John McGinnis Management confirmed it when I called.
UNK: "The Blue Pill is definitely getting back together."
Castle : "A Hayley Blue Tribute Tour."
Alexis : I thought you said Hayley wouldn't let the band have the name back.
Castle : - She wouldn't. - Then how can they use it?
Castle : Well, Hayley is dead, and Sky's her only family.
Castle : If Hayley owned the name, then it would go to Sky.
Alexis : You don't think Sky killed her own sister.
Castle : Sky is 100 pounds dripping wet.
Castle : The only neck she could break is her own.
Alexis : John McGinnis Management? Who's John McGinnis?
Alexis : Hayley's old manager. She fired him when she got clean.
Alexis : she pretty much implied that he's the one that got her hooked to begin with.
Castle : If the band got back together, he'd have the most to gain.
Martha : Now, does that man look like a killer to you?
Beckett : Everybody looks like a killer to me. It's a job requirement.
Alexis : You didn't say that about Sky.
Castle : Just let me have this moment.
UNK: John Mcginnis : I told you, Sunday night I was in Philly scouting a band.
UNK: John Mcginnis : I hit a motel. I watched a little pay-per-view and I went to bed,