Alexis : Yeah. Hayley wrote this song about some obsessed fan
Alexis : - who was stalking her. Do you know who he was?
Alexis : Wait. There might be something in the song. Play it again.
Montgomery : "Sitting back and plotting." Sounds like she thought he was dangerous.
Alexis : Yeah. Listen. Here's the part.
Esposito : "50 feet or less."
Beckett : She got a restraining order against him. All right, run it and get me a name.
Castle : - And you will go off to school. - But I was just helpful.
Castle : Yes, but if I let you out of class every time you were helpful,
Castle : you'd never go.
Alexis : But I won't be able to focus on school today. I just can't concentrate.
Castle : Which will make you just like all the other kids in your class.
Alexis : - Dad. - I am serious,
Castle : or I will call the truant officer.
Castle : Do you still have truant officers?
Montgomery : - Budget cuts. - You're so lucky.
Esposito : Found your stalker.
Esposito : Franco Marquez, aka Frankie Markie.
Esposito : Hayley filed half a dozen complaints against him.
Esposito : It says here that he even tried to break into her apartment.
Esposito : And when she filed against him,
Esposito : he showed up in court and called her a
UNK: B-l-T-C-H.
Castle : - She can spell, Detective. - Probably better than you.
Montgomery : - Bring him in. - And you, to school.
Alexis : - Fine. - Thank you.
Castle : - What? - Nothing.
Beckett : It's just, I'm so used to you acting like a 12-year-old all the time,
Beckett : it's kind of refreshing to see you as a father.
Castle : Makes you want me, right?
Beckett : And there's the 12-year-old again.
Castle : - Who're you calling? - Alison King Rehab Center.
UNK: It's where all the stars go to clean up.
Beckett : Figured Hayley must've given them her home address on her exit interview.
Beckett : If Hayley cleaned up, that's where she would have gone.
Beckett : Mrs. Busch, the rehab center said that you and your husband
Beckett : paid for her treatment and that she moved in with you