UNK: Ian Busch : Then someone gets them heroin.
UNK: Ian Busch : By the time we got to Hayley, she was already hooked.
UNK: Ian Busch : We told her our door was always open if she wanted to get clean.
UNK: Bree Busch : She was always better than that band. She was the talent.
UNK: Bree Busch : When they finally broke up, she wanted off the drugs.
UNK: Bree Busch : - So we took her in. - She was ready.
UNK: Bree Busch : She was recording again. And to be killed by a fan...
Beckett : Actually, we don't know for sure that it was Franco.
UNK: Ian Busch : - You don't? - No.
UNK: Ian Busch : But you weren't there in the middle of night
UNK: Ian Busch : when she was waking up screaming,
UNK: Ian Busch : terrified that something like this was gonna happen.
UNK: Bree Busch : We were supposed to protect her.
UNK: Bree Busch : We should've tried harder to find her.
UNK: Bree Busch : To find her?
UNK: Ian Busch : Last Monday, she didn't show up at the studio for a session.
UNK: Ian Busch : When we got home, she was gone.
UNK: Ian Busch : So were her clothes, her watch, her jewelry.
UNK: Ian Busch : - Anything she could sell. We figured... - She'd relapsed.
UNK: Bree Busch : We tried calling her, but her cell phone was disconnected.
UNK: Bree Busch : It, you know... It wasn't like her to just disappear.
UNK: Bree Busch : Something spooked her.
Castle : - Did Hayley have any family? - Yeah, a sister, Sky.
Beckett : Do you know where we could find her?
UNK: Ian Busch : Wherever she is, she probably has a needle in her arm.
UNK: Ian Busch : When Hayley got out of rehab, all she could talk about was saving Sky.
UNK: Bree Busch : Not that Sky wanted saving, after what Hayley did to her.
Beckett : - What did Hayley do to her? - She got famous.
Beckett : Oh. Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : Our fanatic fan is rabbiting.
Esposito : A neighbor saw him leaving with a backpack this morning.
Esposito : From the looks of his place, he left in a hurry.
Esposito : He also charged a bus ticket at Port Authority this morning.
Ryan : He's headed upstate. Bus pulled out five minutes ago.
UNK: Stand back, everyone!
UNK: All right, got it.
UNK: Hands where I can see them, now!
Esposito : Nobody move!
Beckett : Franco Marquez, you're under arrest for the murder of Hayley Blue.
Esposito : Get up.
UNK: Franco Marquez : No! Easy! Easy, man. You're hurting me.
UNK: Franco Marquez : You guys are so stupid!
UNK: Franco Marquez : I loved Hayley. She was my soul mate. Why would I kill her?
Beckett : Why did you run?
UNK: Franco Marquez : Huh! When I heard how you found her, I knew what you'd think.
UNK: Franco Marquez : "She wrote a song about me, so of course I must've..."