House : So, there I was in the clinic, drunk.
UNK: I opened the drawer, closed my eyes,
House : take the first syringe I can find...
House : So, what are the options for a compromised immune system?
Chase : Mixed connective tissue disease. It'd explain why she was feeling better on the prednisone.
Foreman : Sure. She was feeling better right up to the moment it almost killed her.
Chase : On the other hand, it explains the symptoms...
House : Swollen hands, pulmonary problems, cardiac problems.
House : It all fits. Except her A.N.A. was normal.
House : - So redraw the blood. - But the treatment is corticosteroids...
Foreman : Prednisone... and we can't go there because of the encephalitis.
House : Then we'll treat it with something that modulates the immune system but doesn't suppress it...
House : Hyperbaric oxygen chamber.
Foreman : There's no protocol for putting a patient in a high-pressure oxygen room to treat auto-immune problems.
House : Oh, you people. Always with the protocols.
House : Prep the nun and discontinue the prednisone.
House : I am both amused and annoyed...
House : that you think I should be less stubborn than you are.
Foreman : You are aware of the Hippocratic oath, right?
UNK: The one that starts, "First, do no harm", then goes on to tell us no abortions, no seductions,
UNK: and definitely no cutting of those who labor beneath the stone?
UNK: Yeah. I took a read once. Wasn't impressed.
Foreman : Hyperbaric treatments could cause oxygen toxicity... lung and eye damage.
House : Every treatment has its dangers. Which is why we only treat...
UNK: if we're convinced the patient actually needs the treatment.
House : I'm convinced. You're not.
House : Question is, what are you gonna do about it? Hmm?
UNK: I have an opening Thursday at 3 : 00. Do you have a fourth?
Cuddy : Is he any good?
Cuddy : Can I call you right back? Okay.
Cuddy : What's up?
Chase : The pressure will force the oxygen into your system, saturate your blood.
Chase : It will enhance white cell activity, reduce the inflammation.
Augustine : And that will help with this mixed connective tissue disease?
UNK: We'll be doing about 10 treatments, and then we'll reevaluate.
Augustine : The last treatment with prednisone caused the seizures, right?
Augustine : How confident is Dr. House about this?
Cameron : That you reacted so strongly to the prednisone let us know...
Cameron : that you had an underlying problem with your immune system.
Augustine : I guess it was a blessing... of sorts.
UNK: Soap Doc : So, who's your favorite reindeer, Nurse Arnold?
UNK: Rudolph. I would've thought it was Vixen.
UNK: Soap Nurse : What are you implying? Nothing.
UNK: Soap Doc : But I saw you at the Christmas party with Dr. Riles...
UNK: and Dr. Jorkins and Nurse Crandall.
UNK: I was just doing some Christmas dancing.
Eucharist : This is a chapel, a house of prayer.
House : House of prayer? Huh.
House : That explains the good reception.
House : Also why nobody's ever here.
Eucharist : I need to talk with you, Dr. House.
Eucharist : Sister Augustine believes in things that aren't real.
House : I thought that was a job requirement for you people.
Eucharist : She's been known to lie to get sympathy.
Eucharist : She's a hypochondriac.
House : So you're warning me that I may be treating a nonexistent ailment.
Eucharist : Sore throats, joint pains.
Eucharist : There's always something wrong, and there's never a reason for it.
Eucharist : Mother Superior plays right into it...
Eucharist : Lets Augustine off work duties,
Eucharist : treating her as fragile, special.
House : That must make you angry.
Eucharist : It bothers me.
Eucharist : It's not really in Augustine's best interests.
House : You want some?
Eucharist : I shouldn't.
UNK: I guess you gotta be good at reading people to be a good infirmarian, huh?
UNK: Mm. Mm-hmm.
House : So, we've got pride, anger, envy, gluttony...
House : That's four out of seven deadly sins in under two minutes.
House : Do you people keep records of these things? Is there a "Cathlympics"?
Eucharist : They say you have a gift. They like to talk.
Eucharist : - You hide behind your intelligence. - Yeah. That's pretty stupid.
Eucharist : And you make jokes because you're afraid to take anything seriously.
Eucharist : Because if you take things seriously, they matter.
UNK: And if they matter... When things go wrong, I get hurt.
House : - I'm not tough. I'm vulnerable. - I barely know you.
Eucharist : And I don't know if I'm right. I just hope I am.
Eucharist : Because the alternative is...
Eucharist : you really are as miserable as you seem to be.
UNK: You know, from the way you're looking at me right now,
UNK: I'd say you just hit number five.
UNK: Lust.