Chase : Get her in a clean room. Okay.
UNK: Then gradually introduce allergens and see how she responds.
House : When she reacts to something, we'll know that's what's killing her.
Foreman : There you go. No television, no books.
Augustine : - Not even my Bible? - I'm afraid not.
Foreman : This room has filtered air, filtered water.
Foreman : You even have silk sheets... Very decadent and hypoallergenic.
Foreman : You should be feeling better here.
Chase : We'll be back to check on you in a little while.
Augustine : Can the other sisters come in and pray with me?
Chase : It'd be better if you don't have any visitors.
Chase : Once we isolate what's causing your allergy,
Chase : then we can be a little more lax.
UNK: I-I can pray with you.
UNK: I don't wanna die.
Augustine : Why has he left me?
UNK: I was in seminary school.
UNK: They asked us once what our favorite passage was.
UNK: I chose First Peter, chapter one, verse seven.
UNK: "These trials only test your faith to see whether or not it is strong and pure.
UNK: Your faith is being tested, as fire tests gold and purifies it".
Augustine : "And your faith is far more precious to the Lord than mere gold.
UNK: "So if your faith remains strong after being tested,
UNK: "it will bring you much praise and glory and honor...
Augustine : on the day of his return".
UNK: He hasn't left you.
UNK: The only thing in the way of you knowing he's there is your fear.
UNK: You have a choice... faith or fear. That's the test.
UNK: Choosing faith doesn't mean I won't die.
UNK: But it will affect how you experience your death...
Chase : and, therefore, your life.
Chase : It's up to you.
Augustine : Why did you leave seminary school?
UNK: That test.
Chase : You passed. I didn't.
Cameron : We'll call you if anything changes. Will she be all right?
Foreman : As long as she's not exposed to anything that can aggravate her allergy, she'll be fine.
UNK: I need some help in here!
Chase : Screw the procedure! She's in anaphylactic shock!
UNK: No way. She's in a damn clean room. You kidding me?
House : Get in here!
Chase : . 1 c.c. of epi. We've got to intubate.
UNK: I got it. Get the ambu bag.
Cameron : I'm in.
Cameron : Breathing's stabilized.
Chase : It's a clean room.
House : How do you get an allergic reaction in a clean room?
Wilson : Maybe it was the preservatives in the I.V.? Checked that.