Foreman : Impedances look good,
Foreman : starting at 13 clicks per second at 50 decibels.
Foreman : Check this out.
Taub : Thirteen's middle name is Beauregard?
UNK: Wave 3 latency is 3.8.
Foreman : Slightly delayed, but nothing significant.
Foreman : That's what sticks out to you?
Foreman : House is clearly screwing with us. It's a fake pay stub.
Taub : Looks real to me.
Foreman : There's no way she makes that much money.
Taub : I make that much money.
Taub : And apparently, you don't.
House : I need the drugs.
Eddie : We're in textiles.
House : I need the drugs!
UNK: Hmm.
House : Works for Jack Bauer.
Eddie : Is this really necessary?
Eddie : The chairs in the hall are way more comfortable.
House : But way less genre-appropriate.
House : Okay, here's the deal.
House : I need information.
House : You have reasons not to give me that information.
House : So either I can force it out of you
House : or I can't.
UNK: I wish I could tell you.
House : Okay. Well, let's work with that.
House : Forget the drugs, let's talk about textiles.
House : What's your major product?
UNK: Is it H? And by that I mean hosiery.
UNK: We deal more with culottes.
House : Is that with a "C" or a "K"?
UNK: "C." Nobody wants K any more.
House : Does your friend cut the fabric?
Eddie : No, he's a sales guy.
House : Well, he must cut a culotte here and there.
Eddie : No one touches the culottes.
Wilson : Sorry. Can I talk to you for a second?
House : I'm interrogating a suspect. Make it quick.
Wilson : Everyone in our building thinks we're gay.
House : We're grown men, over the age of 30, who moved in together.
House : We're two tigers away from an act in Vegas.
House : They'll figure out we're straight, eventually.
UNK: "Eventually" is not when I want to go out with the cute girl in 3B.
Eddie : Any chance I could get some water over here?
House : If only there was some way
House : to communicate that information to her,
House : perhaps using, I don't know, sounds.
House : If only the larynx was capable of...
Wilson : She didn't believe me. She sidestepped my dinner invite.
House : And a woman would only reject you because she's worried
House : you might not be interested in her.
Wilson : We were chatting, having fun,
House : there was definitely a spark.
House : When she thought you were gay.
House : You sure your friend isn't secretly trying...
House : What is a culotte, anyway?
UNK: They're pants that hang like a skirt.
UNK: Just...
Eddie : Mickey hates the stuff.
Eddie : He's one of the few guys I trust
Eddie : to watch the product overnight.
Eddie : They took him away an hour ago.
Eddie : You think he's okay?
House : It's an ear test. I'm pretty sure he'll live.
Taub : Pupils are constricted. Pulse is bounding.
Foreman : Airway's clear. We need a crash cart in here.
UNK: It's gotta be his blood pressure.
Taub : We need to get it down before he strokes out.
Foreman : At least we know his ears are okay.
Taub : We put the patient on vasodilators,
Taub : got his hypertension under control.
Thirteen : He got worse here at the hospital,
Thirteen : means thug life probably isn't what's making him sick.
Foreman : Which means we can stop The Bloodhound Gang routine
Foreman : and go back to being doctors.
House : But we're doctors all the time. It's so boring.
UNK: Fine.
Chase : Could be sick sinus syndrome.
Taub : No chest pain, shortness of breath.
Taub : Brain aneurysm secondary to polycystic kidney disease?
Foreman : Normal urinalysis, kidneys impalpable. Is that a new watch?
UNK: I thought I'd give myself a little treat.
Thirteen : What if it's not his brain,