Tommy : Shut up.
House : 3B. You're Nora, right?
House : My roommate tells me you're the one to thank
House : for all the tips about the neighborhood. Greg.
Nora : Nice to meet you.
House : I hear you thought that Wilson and I liked
House : to polish each other's swords.
House : And by swords, I mean pistols.
Nora : Of course he told you about that.
House : Don't worry. Actually, I'm surprised that it doesn't happen more often.
House : We're both straight.
House : Oh, my God, that is beautiful.
House : We finally have the room to display it the way it deserves.
House : Would you help me get this upstairs?
UNK: Absolutely.
House : Nice shoes, by the way. Louboutins?
UNK: Did you talk to Cuddy?
Foreman : Shot me down.
Taub : So, what are you going to do now?
Foreman : I'll wait for my review in August.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What?
Taub : Nothing. That's what I would do. But I'm a coward.
Yvette : His friend brought him in 15 minutes ago.
Yvette : Temp's 105, pulse is weak and thready.
Eddie : He's not making any sense.
Mickey : It's too much money, Eddie.
Mickey : That wasn't the deal. That wasn't the deal.
Eddie : Is he gonna be okay?
UNK: Eddie!
Taub : We gave him anti-pyretics and soft steroids
Taub : to reduce the fever and prevent organ damage.
Taub : He's no longer delirious.
Chase : Patient went out, came back worse than before.
Chase : Points us back to environmental, tied to wherever he went.
House : No, it doesn't.
House : Where's Foreman? He had a meeting with Cuddy.
Mickey : What do you mean, no, it doesn't?
Thirteen : We screwed up the tail, my car was impounded.
House : True, amusing, and irrelevant.
House : Foreman fall for the pay check thing?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Mazel tov. Should be fun to watch.
Thirteen : You're off environmental? Wherever he went,
House : it wasn't for long enough.
House : Add in the fever and infection's way more likely.
House : And if it is an infection,
House : his symptoms suggest it's moved to his brain, which means...
UNK: We'll do a lumbar puncture.
Mickey : Next time you're tailing someone, take two cars.
Chase : You knew we were following you?
Nora : I'm sorry, had to lose you.
Mickey : I had business to take care of.
Chase : Right, because you're a businessman.
Chase : You know how many junkies come into the ER
Chase : every week with their brains melting?
UNK: I bet there's more drunks with their livers giving out,
UNK: but a liquor store owner laying on this table,
Mickey : I'm guessing he doesn't get attitude.
Taub : I hit bone.
Taub : His old back injury must have flattened out his discs.
Taub : Sorry, but I've got to try this again.
UNK: Are you okay? Yeah.
Mickey : An adult wants to get wasted,
Mickey : why is it anybody's business what substance they use?
Taub : Because some of those substances are against the law.
Mickey : So your problem isn't that it's immoral,
Mickey : your problem is that it's illegal.
Mickey : I got the same problem.
House : I'm in.
Chase : Look at his heart rate.
Taub : It's normal. I know.