House : We're having a picnic.
House : With wine.
Nora : I'll pour you a glass.
House : He doesn't drink.
UNK: Oh.
Nora : More for us then.
UNK: Well,
Wilson : I think I might have a little Kung Pao.
UNK: How did it go with Cuddy?
Wilson : She told me I needed leverage,
Foreman : so I told her about an offer
Foreman : I had to help run the neuro department at Mercy.
UNK: Wow.
Taub : Are you really gonna take the job?
Foreman : There is no other job.
Foreman : I bluffed, she called it.
Foreman : I'm not gonna beg to be underpaid.
Foreman : I'm leaving when this case is over.
Wilson : House is lying to you.
Foreman : I know.
Nora : And so are you.
UNK: It's 2010. I mean, nobody cares if you're gay any more.
Nora : I mean, you don't have to be in the closet.
Mickey : I'm not.
Wilson : Look around you. Does this really
Wilson : look like a place gay men live?
Wilson : Apart from the poster.
Wilson : Those stools are our only furniture.
Wilson : There are no window treatments.
Nora : My ex-boyfriend didn't even know what window treatments were.
Nora : Is that Greg's Carpenters album, or yours?
Wilson : Look, House hates musicals and fashion and meringue.
Wilson : This whole thing is an act designed to earn your trust
Wilson : in order to sleep with you.
Nora : I get it. Finally.
Nora : You're jealous.
Nora : If you want to spend more time with Greg, you should just tell him.
Foreman : You were wrong.
Foreman : MRI revealed no sign of a pheochromocytoma,
Foreman : which means Mickey's stress is just stress.
Foreman : We're back to vertigo and fever.
Taub : And environmental is back at the top of our list of suspects.
Taub : We're trying to narrow down the possibilities.
House : That receiver doesn't respond to manual stimulation.
House : Maybe if you took off your shirt...
UNK: Actually, I've resorted to something more exotic.
Thirteen : I call it reading the instructions.
Thirteen : Turns out, if you screw the antennae into the wrong sockets,
Thirteen : it doesn't actually work.
Chase : We lost Mickey just outside of Trenton.
Thirteen : It's supposed to search for an open frequency.
Chase : Most buildings there were built between 1920 and 1940.
UNK: We compiled a list of toxins most common...
House : There's got to be at least one open frequency.
House : I need a few minutes with your friend.
House : Or stay if you want.
House : Rectal exam.
Eddie : I'll check out the cafeteria.
UNK: Why the beta-blockers?
Mickey : What do you mean?
UNK: Valium or Xanax actually reduce stress.
UNK: Beta-blockers just control the symptoms of stress...
UNK: Whoa.
House : ...keep the heart from racing, hands from shaking,
House : and all those stage fright issues.
House : That's why some people take them when they
UNK: perform.
Mickey : What the hell is that?
House : This is my bug.
House : And this...
UNK: This...