Derek : Nurse, cancel the second MRI.
Derek : Call down and prep OR stat.
Meredith : You're operating? On what?
Meredith : If there was something to fix, wouldn't we see it?
Derek : The MRI missed a clot in his upper spine.
Derek : I'm gonna cut him open. I'm going in.
Meredith : What if you're wrong?
Meredith : Couldn't unnecessary spinal surgery do damage?
UNK: If we wait longer and this expands we have a paralyzed man who can't breathe.
Derek : I'm trusting my instincts.
Derek : Sometimes you've got to take a chance to save a life.
UNK: [- Laura Veirs : Rapture]
Alex : Your mitral regurge is getting worse.
Alex : The valves are leakier than ever.
Devo : Are you hitting on me?
Alex : If you want me to.
Devo : I hear they call you Dr. Evilspawn.
Alex : Well, only the people that like me.
Devo : I guess that explains the lack of faith thing.
Alex : You know, I kind of think of myself as a pagan,
Alex : but, hey, that's just me.
Devo : You know what it's like being a teenager these days?
Devo : My friends spend most of their time screwing around and getting wasted.
Devo : At least I have God.
Alex : Well, so God wants you to die, huh?
Devo : He wants me to be passionate about what I believe in.
Devo : You don't believe in anything.
UNK: [Exhales]
Alex : My mother used to pray to Saint Jude for me.
Devo : How appropriate.
Devo : Patron saint of lost causes.
UNK: [Laughs] Mmm.
Izzie : I did an angio on my Psych case.
Izzie : The MRI came out clean, but I saw a ditzel. There's something here.
Bailey : Yep, you're right. There's an AVM on his left temporal lobe.
Izzie : - I'll schedule the OR for tonight. - Ohh, back up, girl.
Izzie : There's high risk of spontaneous hemorrhage.
Bailey : The attending has to see films. We need consent forms.
Bailey : Believe it or not, Stevens, we have to follow protocol.
Izzie : But if the AVM looks like it's gonna blow, we fix it, right?
Bailey : If the man needs to be fixed, we'll fix him in time.
Bailey : Why are you moving so quickly?
Bailey : You get too involved with your patients, Izzie.
Bailey : Why do you make everything so personal?
Izzie : It's not personal.
George : It's not.
UNK: Pulse ox, 98.
Derek : We've got to save this cord.
Derek : This guy's built like the Rock of Gibraltar.
Meredith : You want me to start?
UNK: I'm going to cut here from the base of the neck to the rib cage.
Derek : I want you to hit the bleeders.
Meredith : I still don't think we should be doing this.
Derek : - Spinal hematoma. - We don't know.
Derek : Left untreated are almost always fatal.
Meredith : You're cutting blind.
Meredith : Whatever happened to being practical?
Derek : I need to see more here. Retractor.
Meredith : Wow.
Meredith : The spine.
Derek : There's no "wow" in "practical."
UNK: We have decided to go ahead with the evacuation.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : What the hell, right?
UNK: Mrs. Glass : Maybe this is how it's supposed to be.
Bailey : We need to start chemo right away.
Cristina : We'll get everything ready.
UNK: Have you ever done a D and C before?
Cristina : We learned at school.
Bailey : OK, uh, go ahead.
Bailey : I'll call an OB resident down to supervise.
Bailey : If she needs anything, page me.
UNK: [Woman] Dr. Grimm to ICU stat.