Meredith : See?
UNK: Mr. Duff : I told you I know things.
UNK: Mr. Duff : This pregnancy thing, you can't run away from it.
Cristina : Dr. Bailey, I want off the psychic case.
Cristina : I'll take whatever you got. Can I switch?
Bailey : Ask nicely.
Cristina : Uh, well, this is me doing nicely.
UNK: Look, I know the type. These guys want everybody to think they're a sideshow.
Izzie : - Let me take him. - I don't do switches.
Cristina : I'll do your post-op notes for a month.
Bailey : Fine. I can accept that.
Bailey : Izzie, you get Psych guy.
Bailey : Yang. This is your lucky day.
UNK: You get to be with me on breast cancer.
UNK: There's spotting. You'll need to do a pelvic. She's pregnant.
UNK: See? This.
Meredith : The guy's films are clear.
Meredith : There's no reason I can see for his creeping paralysis.
Derek : It's just so surprising.
Derek : I expected an intrusion into the spinal space or bony spur in the pulposus.
Meredith : Well, you were wrong.
Meredith : You don't always get what you expect, do you?
Derek : What is your problem?
Meredith : Give me something to go on.
Meredith : Anything. What are your grandparents' names?
UNK: - I don't have them. - Where'd you grow up?
Meredith : Your favorite flavor of ice cream?
Meredith : Where'd you spend your summer vacations?
Derek : Lighten up.
Meredith : Oh, don't you tell me to lighten up.
Meredith : I'll lighten up when I...
Meredith : ...feel light.
UNK: Don't we have treatment options? L-I mean, aren't there always alternatives?
Cristina : With this stage of invasive carcinoma,
Cristina : surgery, chemo, radiation and drug therapy are your only options.
Woman : Can I wait until the end of my pregnancy?
Cristina : The pregnancy hormones will likely speed the growth of the cancer.
Husband : And the baby?
UNK: None of these treatments will allow the baby to survive.
Bailey : Mr. And Mrs. Glass, I understand how difficult this is.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : No disrespect, but like hell, you do.
Bailey : You're going to have to make a decision as to how you want to proceed.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : You mean my baby's life or my own?
MVO : Yes.
Bailey : We'll have to evacuate the fetus.
UNK: [Exhales]
UNK: [Derek] Any changes, Mr. Walker?
UNK: [Mr. Walker] I can't move my legs at all.
UNK: Mrs. Walker : He was moving his legs when he came in.
UNK: Mrs. Walker : - What's wrong with him? - I don't know.
UNK: The paralysis is moving quickly, and nothing in the MRI to explain it.
UNK: - Has Tommy been under stress lately? - You know what's making me stressed?
UNK: Mr. Walker : Being in here and not being able to move.
Derek : Dr. Grey.
Meredith : Emotional trauma can be converted
UNK: - into something physical? - Possible.
Meredith : Like hysterical numbness or paralysis.
Meredith : Maybe there is no physiological reason, and he's having a conversion reaction.
Derek : - It's psychosomatic? - It is not in your head, man.
UNK: Mr. Duff : - I believe you. - [Izzie] Mr. Duff, please.
Derek : Who was that?
Meredith : Psych sent him down. He has visions.
UNK: Mr. Walker : Is that it? Am I crazy?
UNK: Mr. Duff : No. No.
Derek : I'm gonna order a higher-level MRI.
Derek : We're gonna figure this out.
Devo : You know how important this is to me!
Mother : This is about saving your life.
Devo : You're not respecting it, or me.
Devo : You're letting them put a pig, a freaking non-kosher, traif mammal,
Devo : into my chest, into my heart!
Devo : The very essence of my being!
Alex : It's a porcine valve, actually.
UNK: I don't care what it is. If you give me a pig part, I might as well be dead.
UNK: [Man] This Orthodox thing was a mistake.
UNK: What was wrong with being Reform like everyone else?
Devo : You guys don't even light candles Friday nights.
Meredith : You don't know all the Passover plagues.
Alex : Boils, vermin, pestilence. Even I know that.
Burke : Miss Friedman,
Burke : I appreciate your extreme religious convictions.
Alex : Fire, hail...
Burke : Simply put, without this procedure, you will die.