Burke : He will be assisting via satellite.
UNK: Thank you, doctor.
UNK: After the sternotomy and connection to bypass,
UNK: we're going to do a transverse left atriotomy
UNK: to expose the valve.
UNK: [Inhales]
Meredith : I tried to talk Shepherd out of that clot surgery.
Meredith : What is wrong with me?
Alex : - Basically, you tried to kill the guy. - Basically, you're an ass.
Alex : You know you want it. Come to papi, baby.
George : This, uh, is George.
George : George has a hot date.
UNK: [Laughing] Oh, that's great, George.
Izzie : Yeah.
Alex : Left pocket of my lab coat, Georgie.
Alex : No glove, no love.
UNK: [Sighs] My psychic had his surgery.
George : Yeah?
UNK: I wonder what happened with his... gift.
Cristina : Come on. We all know he's crazy.
Meredith : You said you didn't believe in that.
Izzie : I grew up in a trailer park.
Izzie : I waited tables, which was supposed to put me through college,
Izzie : but my mother was always calling these
Izzie : psychics all the time.
Izzie : The bills started piling up, so I had to use my money to pay them.
Izzie : When I turned 18, I left and never went back.
Izzie : But this guy has been saying things to me,
Izzie : things he couldn't possibly know anything about.
Izzie : So I just wonder.
Meredith : Do you have sensation anywhere else?
UNK: Mr. Walker : Some feeling in my stomach and feet, I guess.
Meredith : - Bladder and bowels? - Not so good still.
UNK: Mrs. Walker : The pressure stockings help relieve clots and bedsores?
UNK: [Grey] They do.
UNK: Mr. Walker : I wanted to thank you for everything.
UNK: Mr. Walker : Believing in me, that I wasn't making it up.
Meredith : Well, I'll come back tomorrow, then.
UNK: [Mr. Walker] I wanted to show you something.
UNK: Mr. Walker : I wasn't sure it would last, but now look.
UNK: Mr. Walker : I know it's hardly anything, but...
Meredith : No, it's something.
Meredith : It's something really big.
UNK: [- Tegan and Sara : Fix You Up]
UNK: [Meredith] At the end of the day, faith is a funny thing.
UNK: It turns up when you don't really expect it.
Izzie : Mr. Duff, you're still with us.
UNK: Mr. Duff : For your recipe...
UNK: Mr. Duff : ...one tablespoon coconut extract.
UNK: [Meredith] It's like one day you realize that the fairy tale
UNK: may be slightly different than you dreamed.
UNK: [Car alarm beeping]
Meredith : Where are we going?
Derek : Trust me.
UNK: [Meredith] The castle, well...
UNK: ... it may not be a castle.
Devo : Does it beat or moo?
UNK: And it's not so important that it's happy ever after.
UNK: Just that it's happy right now.
UNK: [Ringing]
Izzie : Mom. It's me. Cricket.
UNK: [Meredith] See, once in a while,
UNK: once in a blue moon, people will surprise you.
Izzie : I've been thinking about you a lot too.
Meredith : Where are we?
Derek : Shh, shh. I'm gonna tell you.
Derek : All right.
Derek : My mother's maiden name, Maloney.
Derek : I have four sisters.
Derek : I have, uh, nine nieces.
Derek : Five nephews.
Derek : I like coffee ice cream, single-malt scotch,
Derek : occasionally a good cigar. I like to fly-fish.
Derek : I cheat when I do the crossword puzzle on Sunday.
Derek : And I never dance in public.
UNK: Um, favorite novel, The Sun Also Rises.
Derek : Favorite band, The Clash.
Derek : My favorite color is blue. I don't like light blue. Indigo.
Derek : The scar right here on my forehead,
Derek : that's why I don't ride motorcycles anymore.
Derek : And I live in that trailer.
Derek : All this land is mine.
Derek : I have no idea what I'm gonna do with it.
Derek : So that's it.
Derek : That's all you've earned for now.
Derek : The rest you're just...
Derek : ...just gonna have to take on faith.
UNK: [Meredith] And once in a while...
UNK: ... people may even take your breath away.