UNK: Dr. Grimm to ICU stat.
Alex : You're using up my oxygen, O'Malley.
George : How does a pompous, cocky jackass like you
George : always have women all over him?
Alex : Little blue love pills, lots of them.
Derek : - Come on. - [Sighs]
Alex : Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Alex : There it is, a bovine xenograft.
UNK: [Laughs]
Alex : O'Malley, you think too much. Can't you see it?
Alex : You got to dance and jab. Dance and jab. Like me.
Alex : I am the Ali of this place.
UNK: [Praying in Hebrew]
UNK: [Karev clears throat]
Alex : Does the wall ever bow back?
Devo : It's called davening, smartass.
Devo : This is me communing with God, and you're interrupting.
Alex : I've found a transplant option.
Alex : At first, I thought maybe a cadaver,
Alex : but they're really hard to find.
Alex : And then I realized Dr. Burke can transplant
Alex : a bovine mitral valve instead of the pig.
Father : She can get a cow valve?
Mother : - Why wasn't this mentioned before? - Dr. Karev.
Alex : The bovine valve has only been an option the last few years.
Burke : It's a much more complicated procedure.
Alex : But the best part is it's superior to the pig.
Alex : It lasts longer.
UNK: What small fraction of your brain were you using?
Derek : - What? - Correct me if wrong,
Burke : but did you not present an alternative without consulting your attending first?
Alex : - I thought you'd be... - Impressed? That's just stupid.
UNK: Psych Doctor : - Sorry... - We're finished here, Karev.
Burke : You're off this case.
Izzie : You need to sign these consent forms so we can proceed with your surgery.
UNK: Mr. Duff : I'm not signing anything unless it's got my name
UNK: Mr. Duff : followed by a whole bunch of zeros.
Izzie : Look, the AVM is located in this crucial part of the brain.
Izzie : A tangle of blood vessels that could burst
UNK: and affect speech, among other things.
UNK: - We know your visions are seizures. - Do you?
Izzie : - Do I what? - Know they're seizures.
Izzie : You're really good at reading people, aren't you?
Izzie : Telling them what they want to hear?
UNK: There's an unfortunate alignment of Saturn in the house of Jupiter now.
Izzie : OK. I know what you're doing.
Izzie : You watch people, read their body language.
Izzie : Say "chocolate cupcakes," I lean towards you,
Izzie : so you think you're on the right track.
Izzie : You know you're having seizures, you're milking it.
Derek : Hmm.
UNK: Mr. Duff : Well, we'll just see about that, cricket.
Derek : What?
Izzie : What did you just call me?
UNK: [Laughs]
UNK: [Telephone rings]
Cristina : I'm gonna do a quick pelvic exam. The OB resident should be down soon.
Cristina : It's a short procedure. Your husband can stay if he likes.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : - We changed our minds. - Excuse me?
UNK: Mr. Glass : We've decided to keep the baby.
Cristina : You have cancer.
UNK: Can you tell me I'll survive if I go through with this?
Cristina : Having the procedure does not necessarily improve the outcome.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : You have quite the bedside manner. You know that?
UNK: Mrs. Glass : My mom died of breast cancer when she was in her 40s.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : I have that cancer gene.
UNK: My chances are pretty much lose-Iose, whichever way you look at it,
UNK: Mrs. Glass : except for the baby.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : We're keeping it.
Cristina : I'll call down a Psych consult.
UNK: Mrs. Glass : Don't bother. I am going to get fat and happy
UNK: Mrs. Glass : instead of skinny and bald.
UNK: - I'm at the end... - If you want to live...
UNK: Mrs. Glass : Honey, that's what I'm doing.
Cristina : Look, if you think you're gonna get any, think again.
Cristina : I'm not in the mood.
Burke : - I'm not in the mood, either. - Good.
Cristina : What do you want?
Burke : Nothing. I just haven't seen you all day.
Cristina : So I'm working.