UNK: Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims.
Ted : You know what? I'm gonna do it.
Ted : I'm gonna fire druthers tomorrow.
UNK: Oh, my god! What?
Barney : Do you know about this?
UNK: No. What is that?
Barney : Only the greatest thing ever.
Barney : Wait, wait, wait... That's not enough buildup.
Barney : If they were to cure cancer tomorrow,
Barney : This would still be the greatest thing to happen all week.
Barney : Okay.
Barney : Now you're ready for naked marshall.
Barney : Oh, my god.
Ted : This is awesome times awesome.
Ted : It's awesome squared.
Barney : I know, right?
Barney : Behind the piano this whole time. Wait.
Robin : If marshall went to all this trouble to hide it,
Robin : He clearly doesn't want us to find it.
UNK: Oh, come on, robin. No,
Robin : I'm saying that he must be really embarrassed by this.
Robin : We are gonna have so much fun.
Barney : I know! We're gonna have so much fun!
UNK: Mr Druthers : Oh, sorry I'm late; lunch ran a little long.
UNK: Mr Druthers : You wanted to see me, mosby?
Ted : Uh, yeah, like four hours ago.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Well, excuse me,
UNK: Mr Druthers : For spending the last four hours
UNK: Mr Druthers : Drawing designs for your building.
Ted : This is a cocktail napkin.
Ted : Covered in profanity.
Ted : Look, hammond,
Ted : Um, there's no easy way to say this,
UNK: Ted voix off : So...
Ted : Why don't we just, um,
Ted : Step into your office.
Group : ♪ happy birthday
UNK: Oh... ♪ to you
UNK: ♪ happy birthday to you oh, you had me.
UNK: Mr Druthers : You so had me.
UNK: ♪ Happy birthday, dear hammond ♪
UNK: Oh! ♪ happy birthday to you ♪
Robin : So, you
Robin : Didn't fire him?
Ted : I can't fire a guy on his birthday.
Ted : Everyone would hate me.
Ted : Besides, they put a party hat on me.
Ted : My authority was compromised.
Barney : Oh, hey, marshall.
Barney : Have a seat.
Barney : I know how much you love stools.
UNK: Mm, thanks.
Marshall : Yeah, stools are better for your posture.
Robin : And, uh...
Robin : I... Got you a rose.
Marshall : Thank you.
Marshall : That's so sweet.
Marshall : You guys are being...
Marshall : So sweet.
Ted : Hey, guys.
Barney : Guess what I got.
Barney : A new dart.
UNK: Oh, wow, a new dart. Ted : Oh.
Ted : Hey, that new dart is great.
Robin : I did not know you were such a fan of new dart, barney.
Barney : Oh, yes, robin, I just love new dart.
Barney : Nude art.
UNK: Nude art. Nude art.
Marshall : Okay, all right, so what, you guys found the painting, huh?
Lily : I knew this day would come.
Marshall : How did you know that?
Lily : Because I didn't hide it very well.
Ted : So the story on the painting is that, back in college,
UNK: Ted voix off : Lily wanted to do a nude study for her art class.
UNK: Ted voix off : Marshall wasn't so into the idea.
Marshall : Well, I just...
Marshall : Don't think that some dude
Marshall : Should drop trou just to pose for you.
Lily : It's for class,
Lily : And it's just that weird kid hunter from my freshman hall.
Marshall : The frisbee dude with the soul patch?
Marshall : He's like the hottest guy in school!
Lily : No, he's actually a little husky... Oh,
Marshall : He's just huggable!
Marshall : And complicated...
Marshall : And a little bit of a jerk.
Marshall : Just enough so you think maybe you can change him.
Lily : Okay, just forget it.
Marshall : Call me old-fashioned,
Marshall : I just think that I'm the only guy you should see naked.
Lily : Well, then you'll have to do it.
Marshall : Are you kidding me?
Marshall : What if somebody sees it?
Lily : We're not in high school anymore.
Lily : People don't make fun of you for posing nude for a painting.
Lily : We're adults now.
Barney : We totally saw your butt.
Marshall : This painting has caused too much grief already.
Marshall : I'm destroying it right now.
UNK: : Oh, no, what's the matter, marshall?
Marshall : Where is it?