Ted : There's no easy way to say this but...
Messenger : Looking for hammond druthers.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Oh, that's me. I'm hammond druthers.
Man : These are divorce papers.
Man : You've been served.
Ted : Oh, god.
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's really going through with this.
UNK: Mr Druthers : So that's it. It's over.
Ted : There is no easy way to say this, but...
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's giving me the remains of wolfie?
UNK: Mr Druthers : My dog is dead?
Barney : Oh, my god.
UNK: Mr Druthers : I can't believe this.
UNK: Mr Druthers : She always played too rough with him.
Ted : Believe me, there is no easy way to say this...
Group : ♪ happy birthday to you...
Ted : You've got to be kidding me!
UNK: Mr Druthers : Guys, you have no idea
UNK: Mr Druthers : How much this means to me right now.
Ted : Wait, his birthday was yesterday!
Man : Yeah, but a bunch of us were up at the conference
Man : In montreal, so we thought...
Ted : No! No birthday! No!
Ted : I got something to say
Ted : And I'm gonna get it out.
Ted : Hammond, listen to me.
Ted : I am sorry that your dog died,
Ted : And that your wife is divorcing you and that...
Ted : Your life is falling apart and that these guys missed your birthday.
Ted : And there is no easy way to say...
Ted : What are you doing? What's going on?
Ted : Oh, god...
Ted : Oh, come on, you're not going to pull that, are you?
Ted : Oh! Look, yeah, right.
Ted : Now we're falling onto the ground.
Ted : Well, nice try, but guess what?
Ted : You're fired!
Ted : You're fired... you get it? You hear me?
Ted : You're gone! You're fired!
Ted : In my defense, I think we all suspected hammond
Ted : Might have been faking.
Ted : On the plus side, the emts seem to think
Ted : He's going to be just fine and, as you saw,
Ted : They did admit that I did not cause the heart attack,
Ted : Even if they said it a bit begrudgingly.
UNK: And there it was, rock bottom :
UNK: They all hated me.
UNK: But just when all seemed lost,
UNK: I had the greatest idea of my entire career.
Man : Margarita fridays... Great idea, boss.
Lily : Okay, it's done.
Ted : I'm gonna
Lily : Step out, so you can admire it.
Barney : Thank you very much, lily.
Lily : Marshall, do you have the money?
UNK: Co-worker : Yeah.
Lily : Let's get out of here!
Barney : A smooth area?!
Barney : You gave me the ken doll?!
UNK: You gave...!
Barney : She left out little barney.
Barney : Barnacle junior.
Barney : My barnana is...
Barney : Barnito supreme.