Barney : I'll tell you where it is
Barney : If you'll answer these riddles three.
Marshall : You hung it up in the bar, didn't you?
Barney : Yo, why you gotta ruin my riddles?
Robin : Oh...!
Ted : Field trip!
Barney : Oh, no.
Barney : Someone put your painting up behind the bar.
Barney : Classic!
Barney : What a memorable prank.
Barney : Hey, marshall.
Carl : What'll you have?
Marshall : What'll I have?
Marshall : Um, I don't know, maybe a beer
Marshall : And that nude painting of me hanging behind the bar!
Carl : Ooh, I'm sorry, that painting's property of the bar.
Marshall : I know that barney gave you that painting.
Marshall : I don't know what you're talking about.
Marshall : Whatever he's paying you, I'll pay you double.
Carl : I doubt it.
Marshall : Whatever he's paying you,
Marshall : I'll give you that plus ten bucks.
Carl : I doubt it.
Marshall : All right, you know what, carl,
Marshall : You just lost yourself a regular customer.
Carl : I doubt it.
Marshall : This painting is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
Robin : Okay, where should we put it up next?
Robin : In his law school?
Robin : Ooh on the side of a bus.
Robin : Oh, oh! How much do billboards cost?
Barney : Easy, scherbatsky. Finesse.
Barney : I've got a five-year rollout plan.
Barney : I'll have you know that painting's
Barney : Got commitments all over the city.
Barney : Then, after new york...
UNK: I'm thinking.
UNK: Heh-yah!
Barney : Hey!
Ted : One of my worst fears has come true...
Ted : I just saw marshall grabbing himself naked.
Ted : Well, I gotta go.
Ted : Believe it or not,
Ted : I have to go back to the office.
Robin : Oh, I'll go out with you.
Robin : Bye, guys.
Lily : You know, I wish everyone didn't have to make fun
Lily : Of that painting.
Barney : Eh, we're not making fun of the painting,
Barney : We're just making fun of marshall.
Barney : The painting's actually really great.
Lily : Are you serious?
UNK: Co-worker : Yeah.
Lily : Well, thank you.
Lily : You know, seeing it again makes me miss painting nudes.
Ted : What?
Barney : Paint me.
Ted : What?
Barney : Paint me.
Voice : Who's that?
Voice : Who's out there?
Ted : Hammond, is that you?
UNK: Mr Druthers : Mosby?
UNK: Ted voix off : Druthers and I were alone in the office.
UNK: Ted voix off : If I was gonna fire him,
UNK: Ted voix off : This would be the best chance I'd ever have.
UNK: Mr Druters : Uh, look, just a second, ted.
Ted : Uh, no, I, I really need to talk to you.
Ted : Look, there's no easy way to say...
Ted : What, what are you doing?
Ted : What are you doing?
Ted : I'm standing here wearing pants.
Ted : Are you sleeping here?
Ted : What's going on?
UNK: Mr Druthers : Okay, fine, yes.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Not that it's any of your business
UNK: Mr Druthers : But my wife had a little spat a few weeks ago,
UNK: Mr Druthers : And I've been sleeping here until she cools off.
Ted : Okay, well, uh, you're right... That is none of my business.
Ted : Uh, look, there's no easy way to say this... I...
UNK: Mr Druthers : Who am I kidding?
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's never gonna take me back.
Ted : Uh...
Ted : it's okay.
UNK: Mr Druthers : What did you want to say to me?
Ted : Happy birthday, buddy.
Ted : Oh...
Ted : So, you've been living at the office?
Barney : Yes.
UNK: Mr Druthers : I'm an architect without a home.
UNK: Mr Druthers : You see the tragic irony in that?
Ted : Yeah, I do. 'cause I design homes.
Ted : I see it. But I don't have a home.
Ted : Not lost on me at all.
Ted : But I don't understand... why don't you just go to a hotel?
Ted : You could be sleeping on a mattress instead of...
Ted : What appears to be torn-up drawings of my building.
UNK: The minute I go to a hotel, in any second,
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's going to call and tell me to come home.
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's a very special lady, ted.
UNK: Mr Druthers : She's quite... Mannish.
UNK: Mr Druthers : She gives me what I need.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Do you understand that?
Ted : Uh, no, I don't.
UNK: Mr Druthers : If you were lost in the wilderness,
UNK: Mr Druthers : She can provide for me.
Ted : Well, that's the dream.
UNK: Mr Druthers : I'm glad you came here tonight, ted.
Ted : Me too, hammond.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Call me ham.
Ted : No, thanks.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Hammy d?
Ted : No, I think just hammond.
Robin : So, I'm guessing you didn't fire him.
Ted : I was this close.
Ted : Meanwhile, lily had been up all night
UNK: Ted voix off : In the grips of a dilemma.