Foreman : You should be making out with Cameron.
Cameron : You knew it wasn't cancer?
House : I was sure it was cancer.
Chase : Then why aren't you celebrating?
House : Because it wasn't my damn file.
Cameron : You faked cancer?
House : The real patient is in the Witherspoon wing.
House : Feel free to tell his wife that he's not gonna die
House : but he is cheating on her.
Chase : Why would you want us to think that you...
Wilson : I didn't!
UNK: I wanted the guys in Boston to think that I had cancer.
House : I wanted the guys who were gonna implant a cool drug
UNK: right into the pleasure center of my brain to think that I had cancer!
Cameron : You faked cancer to get high?
House : I'm going to bed.
Chase : You're right. I don't like you.
House : Sure. Now that I'm not dying.
Wilson : Heard Patrick's hemispherectomy went well.
House : He survived the surgery.
House : He's unconscious but...
Wilson : How depressed are you?
House : I'm not depressed.
Cameron : You faked cancer.
Foreman : It was an outpatient procedure.
House : I was curious.
Wilson : Are you curious about heroin?
House : Not since last year's Christmas party.
House : I know this goes against your nature,
House : but can we not make too much of this?
Wilson : You made people think that you were going to die!
House : I didn't make them.
House : I tried to hide it,
UNK: but you idiots needed to get into my business.
House : I'm sure I'll regret asking, but why are you laughing?
Wilson : It's ironic.
UNK: Well, I'm sure I'll regret asking, but why...
Foreman : Depression in cancer patients...
UNK: It's not as common as you think.
Wilson : It's not the dying that gets to people.
Wilson : It's the dying alone. The patients with family, with friends,
Wilson : they tend to do okay.
Foreman : You don't have cancer.
Wilson : You do have people who give a damn.
Wilson : So what do you do?
Wilson : You fake the cancer, then push the people who care away.
House : Because they're boring.
House : Go home to your hotel room and laugh at that irony.
Wilson : Start small, House. Take a chance.
Wilson : Maybe something that doesn't involve sticking stuff in your brain.
Wilson : Pizza with a friend.
Wilson : A movie. Something.
House : Follow my finger. Do you know your name?
UNK: His speech center was on the right side.
House : It'll be a while before he's talking.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : He hasn't really done anything
UNK: except to stare off into the distance.
House : It'll take some time to...
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : You buttoned your shirt.
UNK: He looks happy.