UNK: Playing the piano, going on tour, scoring girls left and right.
Patrick : I don't like girls.
UNK: Boys. Whatever gets you off.
Patrick : I like the piano.
Patrick : What's wrong?
Foreman : Dr. Peter Hayes. This is Eric Foreman, at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Foreman : You're doing a signal transduction inhibitor clinical trial.
Cameron : What kind of results have you been...
UNK: Transduction inhibitors are a decade away.
UNK: Bye, Pete.
UNK: They've got another trial going at Duke.
UNK: 15 percent extend their lives beyond five years.
Chase : If you're positive for protein PHF...
House : Stop trying to save me.
House : I'm fine.
UNK: MRA confirmed small collections of blood
House : throughout the white matter of Patrick's right hemisphere.
House : Mind if we chat about that for a few moments?
Chase : Either trauma, an aneurysm, cancer or autoimmune disease.
House : We need a biopsy to figure out which it is.
UNK: His EEG was non-specific.
UNK: Where you going to biopsy?
UNK: Everywhere.
Foreman : Sure, just put on a blindfold and play "Pin the Tail on the Brain."
House : He's bleeding into his brain. He's dying.
Chase : You can't just randomly stab the temporal lobe
UNK: and hope you hit the right spot.
House : I'm only gonna take little tiny pieces.
UNK: Till what?
UNK: Till I find the problem.
Cameron : Or you kill him.
House : No, I'll keep going, even if I kill him.
House : Then he's screwed. Thanks for the chat.
Foreman : What if we do the EEG from inside his brain?
House : I'm actually a little insulted.
House : You were supposed to spend the last hour worrying about me.
Foreman : It's risky and invasive.
House : But that's why God invented the long consent form.
House : Can you get to why this is a brilliant idea?
Foreman : External EEG could get confused
Foreman : if there are multiple structural abnormalities.
Foreman : If we perform the EEG inside the skull,
Foreman : it could show us where to biopsy.
House : Brilliant. Go. Do.
Foreman : I'd also like to talk to you about...
UNK: This is going to be personal, isn't it?
UNK: Yeah.
FOREMAN : We'll use a small drill to get inside his skull.
OBYEDKOV : There's bleeding inside?
UNK: Yes. Once we have 12 holes,
Foreman : we'll surgically implant the electrodes
UNK: under the meninges, against the brain.
OBYEDKOV : And it's either cancer or autoimmune disease?
FOREMAN : Sorry, but yeah.
OBYEDKOV : Which one is better?
UNK: Neither.
UNK: Hey.
House : Where do we cut?
Foreman : We don't.
Foreman : I need to say something.
House : Something personal?
UNK: Yeah.
House : And I can't leave
UNK: because you've got something interesting in that file.
UNK: Sorry.
Foreman : You're an arrogant ass who makes it impossible for anyone to like him
UNK: by punishing people who don't deserve...
UNK: Can you get to the "but" part of this speech?
Foreman : But I like you.
House : No, you don't.
House : You're just reacting to the perception of my death
UNK: and the need to put things in order. Fear of guilt...
UNK: Just shut up.
House : See? I annoy you.
UNK: Now, you gonna give me the results or are you gonna...
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Intracranial EEG showed no electrical abnormalities.
House : Which means it's autoimmune. No.
UNK: It also showed his entire right hemisphere is brain-dead.
House : So while you guys were worrying about me, half this kid's brain died.
House : The only solace you should take from this is the fact that it didn't.
UNK: Garden variety EEG sucks compared to the in-brain variety,
UNK: but it's not going to miss brain death.
Foreman : He's gotten worse. Not that much worse.
Foreman : Respiration is depressed.
Foreman : Seizures are increasing, one every five minutes.
House : Not that much worse.
House : He can still talk and he's left-handed,
UNK: which means speech is in the right side.
Chase : You don't know how Patrick's brain reorganized itself 25 years ago.
House : What if the right side is just a little dead?