House : One small feel for man, one giant ass for mankind.
UNK: Thanks.
Cuddy : Good luck in Boston.
UNK: Call the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Dr. Foreman was just here.
UNK: The seizures have almost completely gone away.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Says we might be able to go home in the next day or two.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Thank you so much.
UNK: I think we should remove the right side of your son's brain.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : I thought you fixed him.
House : Does he look fixed?
UNK: The right side of his brain is keeping him walking straight.
House : Other than that, it's been dead weight ever since the accident.
UNK: If we remove it, the seizures would stop completely.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : The seizures are hardly noticeable.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : They don't bother Patrick.
House : But without the seizures,
House : the left side would have a chance to actually function.
UNK: It could learn to do new things.
House : Only bummer, he'd never play the piano again.
UNK: Oh, no. The piano is everything.
House : I'm not saying he's never gonna work for NASA,
House : but flipping burgers isn't out of the question.
UNK: Well, I don't mind taking care of him so he can play the piano.
House : No, you're actually lucky.
House : You don't have to watch your kid grow up.
House : You don't have to let go.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : You trying to make this about me?
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : I love my son, just the way he is!
House : He's a monkey grinder at the circus.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : He's worked hard to get where he...
UNK: So does the monkey.
House : The piano is a neurological accident.
UNK: He has a gift.
House : I'm offering him a life.
House : It's up to you.
Chase : I've isolated the cancer proteins in House's CSF.
Foreman : About time. We can't let him go to Boston
Foreman : if he qualifies for the Duke trial.
UNK: You want to do it?
Cameron : Damn. He's negative for protein PHF.
Cameron : He doesn't qualify.
Chase : What's that? That shouldn't be there.
UNK: Patrick?
UNK: Hello, Papa.
UNK: Patrick, I have a question for you.
UNK: Yes?
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Are you happy?
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Are you happy?
UNK: BANGING ON DOOR
FOREMAN : House! Open up!
Foreman : Open up! It's important!
UNK: I've got a flight in three hours.
Foreman : You don't have cancer.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : There was an abnormal presence of lgG and lgM, indicating...
House : I don't have neurosyphilis. My MRI showed nothing...
Cameron : It's a gumma in your brain. It's very rare not to be in the liver,
Cameron : and I'm really glad we never slept together but...
House : We would have used a condom.
House : And I don't have syphilis. My VDRL was negative...
UNK: We did an FTA antibody test.
Chase : The VDRL was a false negative.
Chase : You're not going to die.
Chase : All you need is IV antibiotics.
House : Did you send these results to Mass General?
Chase : Of course.
House : You idiots.
FOREMAN : We just told you you're not gonna die!