Foreman : What's the emergency?
Cameron : Thirty-five-year-old savant.
Cameron : Dystonia in his left hand.
UNK: He paged us at 5 : 00 in the morning for that?
Foreman : I'm going back to bed. Dystonia's not life threatening.
Foreman : Clonazepam will take care of it.
Cameron : He's already on clonazepam for seizures he has
Cameron : from a bus accident when he was 10.
Foreman : Then we treat with benztropine.
Chase : What's up?
Cameron : Thirty-five-year-old savant. Dystonia.
UNK: SCOFFS
Foreman : I'm going back to bed.
House : Where you going?
Chase : Bathroom. It can wait.
Foreman : There is no case, House.
Foreman : Even if dystonia was some big medical mystery, it's not this time.
House : You're not intrigued as to how a perfectly healthy 10-year-old boy
House : with no prior musical training gets into an accident
House : on his way to school and can suddenly play the piano?
UNK: Do we have to solve a 25-year-old case before breakfast?
House : You two shower together?
UNK: No. No.
House : Double negative. That's a yes.
Foreman : Savantism is just one of those things.
Foreman : It's inexplicable.
UNK: Just because it's inexplicted doesn't mean it's inexplicable.
House : I want new labs, CBC with platelets, chem panel,
House : thyroid and adrenal function tests.
Cameron : For what?
House : I don't know.
FOREMAN : Raise your left hand.
Foreman : That's your right hand.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : What are you looking for?
UNK: Just want to make sure whatever happened doesn't happen again.
Foreman : Push up. Push up.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : He repeats what people say. It's a compensation mechanism.
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : He knows he's supposed to say something
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : so he repeats what he's just heard.
UNK: Well, that's good. Shows he's engaged.
Foreman : Spine's okay.
UNK: All right, stick out your tongue like this.
Foreman : Copy me.
Patrick : You have a big tongue.
UNK: Hey, I know it's funny but copy me.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : There was construction on Radcliffe.
Patient : So I had to get out of the car
Patient : and walk in high heels for over a mile.
UNK: Radcliffe? What was the cross street?
Patient : Does it matter?
House : I don't know. I'm not the one who brought it up.
UNK: Tie this off. Nice and tight.
Patient : Does this have anything to do with my foot?
House : You have a blister.
House : You don't waste a doctor's time with a blister.
UNK: You waste a doctor's time with more important things,
House : like the sewer that's being vented out of your mouth.
Patient : My breath?
House : If you could stop doing that, we'd all be grateful.
Patient : I can't stop breathing.
UNK: Nope. But you can stop puking.
House : I don't.
UNK: Your lips say, "No."
House : Your gnarly fingers say...
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Foreman : He's good to go.
House : It's a shame. You look cute that thin.
UNK: DOOR SHUTS
Foreman : Motor cortex looks good. Everything checks out.
House : What tests did you run?
Foreman : Full battery of neurological...
House : I need this blood checked for cholesterol and glucose levels.