Phoebe : Is it okay if I bring someone to your parents' anniversary?
UNK: -Sure. -Yeah.
UNK: -Who's the guy? -Parker, we met at the cleaners.
Chandler : Did he put a little starch in your bloomers?
Chandler : Who said that?
UNK: No, he's really great, though. He has this incredible zest for life.
Phoebe : He treats me like a queen. Except when he treats me like a naughty girl.
UNK: Would it be okay if I give the toast?
UNK: Even after what happened at their 20th?
UNK: -I'd really like to. -Hopefully this time Mom won't boo you.
Monica : Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it always makes them cry.
UNK: -This year, I'm gonna make them cry. -You wonder why Ross is their favorite?
Monica : Any time Ross makes a toast, everyone cries and pats him on the back.
Monica : And they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother."
UNK: You know what they're gonna say this year? "God, you."
UNK: Well, at least one person will be crying.
UNK: I'm an actor, and any actor worth his salt can cry on cue.
Monica : -Really? You can do that? -Oh, you kidding me? Watch.
UNK: Well, I can't do it with you guys watching me!
UNK: On my way over, I pictured you in my mind's eye.
UNK: Now I'm like, "Mind's eye, you had no idea!"
UNK: -Let's do that again! -Okay.
Chandler : -What are you doing? -I'm working on my toast.
UNK: Or as I like to call it : "Sob-fest 2002."
UNK: I cannot wait to see them cry.
UNK: It's not gonna be like regular crying. It's gonna be like Terms of Endearment crying.
UNK: I'm gonna reduce my parents to sniffling, quaking masses of..
UNK: I may have some unresolved anger from my childhood.
Monica : -Hey, check this out. -It's a dog.
UNK: It's a dead dog.
UNK: Chi-Chi. She died when I was in high school.
UNK: -You're talking about a dead pet? -It's good stuff, huh?
UNK: Joey? You got a present for my parents?
UNK: In honor of their 35th anniversary, I had a star named after them.
Ross : -That is so cool. -And I got Kama Sutra for the Elderly.
UNK: You know, I think maybe the one present is enough.
Rachel : -Do you guys have any extra ribbon? -Sure.
Chandler : What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt..
UNK: And I think my testicles may be in here too.
Ross : Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog.
UNK: Monica couldn't get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.