Phoebe : Can I get you something to drink, like a water and Valium?
Parker : I must say, this apartment, it's.. there are no words.
Phoebe : -Thank God. -It's a haven.
UNK: -A third-floor paradise, a modern Eden. -Yeah, I know, I know. Gotcha.
UNK: Listen, why don't we just sit and relax, just be with each other quietly.
Parker : That sounds great.
Parker : This is the most comfortable couch I've ever sat on.
UNK: Let's try something. Let's play a game.
Parker : -I love games. -Shocking.
UNK: Let's play the game of..
Phoebe : who can stay quiet the longest.
UNK: Or Jenga.
UNK: Let's play this one first, and remember, whoever talks first loses.
Parker : -I lose, now Jenga. -Oh, my God.
Parker : -Is something wrong? -You know the word "wrong"?
UNK: Everything isn't perfect or magical?
UNK: Everything isn't aglow with the light of fairies?
Phoebe : They were just brake lights, Parker!
Parker : Excuse me for putting a good spin on a traffic jam.
UNK: You don't have to put a good spin on everything!
UNK: -I'm sorry. I'm a positive person. -No, I'm a positive person.
UNK: You are like Santa Claus on Prozac.
Phoebe : At Disneyland, getting laid!
UNK: You want me to be negative? You want me to be less happy?
Phoebe : Much less happy.
Parker : Fine. Well, then to quote Ross, "I better be going."
Phoebe : So long!
UNK: Don't let the "best door in the world" hit you in the ass on your way out.
UNK: Isn't this the most incredible fight you've had in your life?
UNK: We could've gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar.
UNK: It just isn't feasible.
UNK: But a dove placing the ring on your finger would've been no problem.
UNK: -It was fun being married to you. -Yeah, and it was an easy 400 bucks.
UNK: -Okay, Ross, can I ask you something? -Yeah.
Rachel : -That proposal at the planetarium? -I know, I know. It was stupid.
UNK: Are you kidding? With the lilies, and the song and the stars?
UNK: It was really wonderful. Did you just make that up?
UNK: I thought of it when we were going out.
UNK: That's how I imagined I would ask you to marry me.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Well, that would've been very hard to say no to.
UNK: It's a good thing I didn't do it, it sounds like a very expensive wedding.
Ross : -Okay, good night. -Good night.
Ross : Even if the sidecar had a windscreen to protect your hair?
Rachel : -I will think about it. -That's all I'm asking.
UNK: Okay, that's it. I give up.
UNK: At Mom and Dad's 40th anniversary, you give the speech.
UNK: You know, I don't understand why they didn't cry.
Parker : -Come on. -That stuff you said about true love?
UNK: You were right. We did learn a lot from Mom and Dad.
Ross : That picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin.
UNK: And what you said about Nana? Yeah, she really would've wanted to be there.
Ross : And you know what?
Ross : I think she was.
Monica : Oh, good God, Ross, how the hell do you do it?