Beckett : stop standing around doing nothing, and get back to work!
Vikram : Guys, I cracked the phone's encryption.
Vikram : The shooters received calls from only one number.
Beckett : - Are you able to trace it? - I already did.
Vikram : It's a government cell registered to Allison Hyde.
Beckett : Yeah, lock down the building. Don't let anyone from the AG's office...
Beckett : They're gone.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : ESU intercepted Hyde's team outside of Newark.
Esposito : They confirmed that she should be here.
Esposito : If she ain't, she's in the wind.
UNK: NYPD!
Beckett : - Clear. - Clear.
UNK: Clear.
Ryan : You know what I don't get?
Ryan : With her power, her means, why didn't she run?
Ryan : Flee the country? Go into hiding?
Esposito : She may have had her reasons.
Esposito : Should we call the feds?
Beckett : No. This one's ours. Let's get to work.
UNK: Vikram Singh : - Beckett. - Yeah.
Vikram : Is this really over?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey. Just wanted to say goodbye.
Hayley : It's been fun working with you.
Alexis : You, too. where are you headed?
Hayley : Chicago and then Denver.
UNK: Gonna be living out of a suitcase for the next few weeks,
Hayley : eating room service, watching bad reality television, you know, my life.
Alexis : Well, maybe I can call you sometime if I need some advice.
Alexis : Or to talk about The Bachelor.
Hayley : I'd like that.
Beckett : So do you need a lift, or are you just checking in on me?
Rita : I'm happy you're alive.
Beckett : So do you believe that Allison Hyde masterminded all of this?
Rita : Of course not. Neither do you.
Rita : Hyde was a convenient scapegoat.
Rita : The person behind the LokSat memo is still out there, still thriving.
Beckett : So what should we do?
UNK: We? No. I'm gonna ferret out that son of a bitch.
UNK: You are gonna go home to that good-Iooking husband ofyours.
UNK: - You're not gonna let this go, are you? - I can't.
UNK: Why not?
Rita : What is this obsession in the heart ofyou?
Rita : Your mother's murder's been avenged.
Beckett : I thought I put it all behind me.
Beckett : But it's back, and it's stronger than ever.
Rita : A devil like that is very hard to cast out.