UNK: - This is a bad idea. - Well, it's all we got.
Beckett : We need a copy of that memo. It's the only way to get on top of this.
Vikram : You know they'll have wiped the original search, right?
Beckett : Yeah, I also know that the AG has a triple-firewalled backup
UNK: which I am guessing you can hack.
Vikram : Well, duh. But the second I do, it'll trip an alarm.
Vikram : Guys with guns are gonna come running.
Beckett : Which is why we are in a public space with four exits.
UNK: You are gonna get me shot.
Beckett : Look on the bright side.
Beckett : Chicks dig scars.
UNK: I hate you.
Hayley : There he is.
Alexis : Looks like Beckett's repositioning.
Vikram : Sir, can I have, uh, a shot ofwhiskey, please?
UNK: AII right, Vikram, how's it going?
Vikram : I'm in. Now comes the hard part.
Hayley : Fast forward a little.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Uh-oh.
Beckett : Vikram, they're here. Get out.
Vikram : I need more time.
UNK: You got maybe 15 seconds.
Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : Come on, Vikram, get out.
Beckett : Come on.
Vikram : Got it.
UNK: Oh.
Alexis : - That was close. - I'll say.
UNK: It's too bad we couldn't see what was on Vikram's computer.
Alexis : Can you rewind a little?
Alexis : Stop. Look in the mirror.
UNK: Can I? Thanks.
Hayley : Okay, that was totally badass.
Vikram : I got the memo.
UNK: And I got them.
Beckett : I followed them to a warehouse,
UNK: and then not long after that, they showed up with Castle.
UNK: They were gonna torture him.
UNK: So, I stepped in, and eventually I took off
Beckett : and went back to that apartment building where you found us.
Rita : I'm impressed. Most people would have been dead within hours.
UNK: AII right, now it's your turn.
Beckett : Who are these guys, and what is LokSat?
Rita : I don't know exactly.
Rita : What I do know is the person behind this
Rita : is a very powerful and a very dirty analyst inside the CIA.
Rita : I've been trying to get an identity for over a year,
Rita : and every time I get a lead, itjust evaporates.
Beckett : What's this person's connection to Bracken?
Rita : They were partners. As you know, the Senator was working
Rita : with a drug dealer by the name ofVulcan Simmons.
Rita : They were using the profits to fund Bracken's presidential campaign.
UNK: I mean, you must have wondered how they got away with it for so long.
Rita : They were protected by Bracken's mystery partner.
Rita : They were using CIA resources to import the drugs into the country.
Vikram : Wow. That's life imprisonment right there.
Beckett : That's a political nuke.
Rita : That's why they're so willing to kill, to protect their anonymity.
Esposito : Is Bracken normally in solitary?
Guard : No. After he met with Mr. Castle, he attacked a guard.