Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : - Get in the car. - What?
Beckett : Get in the car!
UNK: Oh, God. I think I'm gonna hurl.
UNK: - Just try to keep it together. - Oh, I'm definitely gonna hurl.
Beckett : What the hell are you doing?
Vikram : How do you think they found us?
Vikram : They tapped your phone. They used it to track you to me.
Beckett : I've been shot. I need to get to a doctor. And we need to call the cavalry.
UNK: That's gonna be the last call you ever make.
Vikram : Look, whoever these guys are, they are hacked in everywhere.
Vikram : Which means anybody you call is gonna wind up dead.
UNK: I gotta stop this bleeding.
UNK: Dry Cleaner : Can I help you?
UNK: It's okay, listen, I'm a cop.
UNK: I just need a needle and thread,
UNK: and I'm gonna have to detain you for your own safety.
Beckett : Grab her cell phone. Lock her up in the bathroom.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : What's wrong with you?
Vikram : Headache and dizzy. I need to eat something.
Beckett : Maybe you should have grabbed some breakfast this morning
Beckett : instead of calling me.
UNK: I'm a diabetic.
UNK: I'm gonna need insulin.
Beckett : Yeah, well, one medical emergency at a time.
Vikram : Is it bad?
Beckett : It could be worse.
UNK: I'm gonna start sewing,
UNK: and you're gonna tell me what the hell is going on here.
UNK: Yesterday morning, I got an alert
Vikram : that a pending inter-agency database search generated a result.
Vikram : Right away I knew it was weird, because the search was two years old.
Vikram : It was instigated by a former agent named Kate Beckett.
Beckett : What was the search for?
UNK: The document it uncovered was
Vikram : a just declassified electronic memo, heavily redacted.
Vikram : From what I could tell, it detailed a meeting
Vikram : between a federal official of some kind and Senator william Bracken.
Beckett : When I started at the AG's office, I ran a keyword search,
Beckett : hunting for criminality connected to Bracken,
Beckett : and I never got a hit.
Vikram : Well, yesterday you did.
Vikram : And five people are dead because of it.