Castle : but I guarantee you she will be here for this interview.
UNK: You're not gonna regret this.
UNK: Tv Station Manager : Hey, thanks for the exclusive, Rick.
UNK: I got eyes on Castle. Oh, no.
Brooks : Don't worry. They won't be making that interview.
Vikram : This is a stupid plan. We should definitely rethink it.
Beckett : It's our only play, Vikram.
UNK: AII right, the live interview is set for 11 : 00.
UNK: We should be there by 10 : 30.
UNK: Castle.
Brooks : Drop it. Drop your weapon!
Brooks : - Put it down. - Okay.
UNK: Walk.
Brooks : Lady, I have never worked so hard to kill one person in my entire life.
Castle : Okay. So did you guys get lost,
UNK: or you were just waiting to the last possible second to save us?
Esposito : A little distracted in there. You got a fully stocked bar, satellite TV.
UNK: And we ordered some sushi on your credit card,
UNK: so I hope you don't mind.
UNK: We got to get his phone.
Beckett : It'll tell us who's been giving him orders.
Beckett : It's encrypted. Can you crack it?
Vikram : This is military grade encryption. It's gonna take a while.
Beckett : Well, work fast.
Beckett : It's the only link we have to LokSat.
Hayley : Hey, guys.
Hayley : So a funny thing happened on the way to the airport.
Man : Drop the hardware, now.
UNK: Ah!
Vikram : You are so cool.
Hyde : I'll call you when we get to D.C.
Beckett : Just promise me this. No deals.
Beckett : Find out who they really are,
Beckett : and use that to uncover whoever's behind the LokSat memo.
UNK: Five of my agents are dead.
Vikram : Believe me, I'm getting the bastard responsible.
Hyde : But I recommend you keep a security detail at all times.
Hyde : The AG's office can provide a team.
Esposito : She's already got one.
UNK: Any chance I could interest you in a return to washington?
Hyde : I could offer a prestigious command.
Ryan : She's already got one of those, too.
UNK: Uh, thank you, Ms. Hyde, but I'm happy here.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh, everyone, can you, uh, gather around forjust one second?
UNK: Gather around, gather around. Come on over here.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: Um, although she is a little bit late reporting to duty,
UNK: Iet us give an official welcome to her first command, Captain Kate Beckett.
Ryan : - Speech. - Speech, Captain, speech!
UNK: You know, I thought I would be spending my first few days here
Beckett : with my head buried in paperwork, but so much for that. Um...
Beckett : It's an honor to be here.
UNK: Especially considering all of the captains that have come before me.
Beckett : And if I was a poet or a bestselling novelist,