Chase : So the bear wipes himself with the rabbit.
UNK: Lame.
UNK: Hey. Yo.
Chase : What are you doing here? I work here.
UNK: "Here" here? In this office?
Cameron : House practically begged me to come back.
Foreman : - Please tell me you took him to the cleaners. - Same lousy salary.
Chase : - Then why'd you do it? - Because this is the happiest place on Earth.
UNK: Twenty-one-year-old male... Comes in with grinding of the teeth.
Wilson : And House gives him a stroke. Totally blew out his pupil.
Foreman : - You scared a guy into stroking out? - Does that surprise anyone here?
Cameron : Blown pupils usually means brain stem edema. Sure,
House : but since he's not dead or in a coma, I'm going with stroke to the optic nerve.
House : C.T. scan shows two things.
Foreman : Ischemia... death of brain tissue.
Foreman : Means there's been some damage, hopefully not permanent.
UNK: And? - And that's it. There's nothing there to tell us what the underlying cause is.
UNK: Gotta do an M.R.I. - You're looking at the wrong part of the scan.
Foreman : I'm looking at the brain. What else is there? - The jaw.
Chase : The jaw tells us why he stroked?
Cameron : No, the jaw tells us why we can't do an M.R.I.
Cameron : Unless we want his jawbone flying across the room.
House : Metal plate. He's had major reconstruction, and there's no way we're removing it,
House : so we're forced to be clever.
UNK: Angiogram to rule out vasculitis,
House : E.M.G. for peripheral neuropathy, tox screen to eliminate drugs,
UNK: and echo to rule out cardiac emboli.
House : Dr. Cameron, I'd appreciate you keeping the terms of your new contract to yourself.
House : Don't want everyone clamoring for the same perks.
Chase : What perks? Nothing you'd be interested in.
Foreman : So it's not money, then? Office space, insurance, parking...
Foreman : Anything he could offer you, we'd be interested in.
Cameron : He agreed to go on a date with me.
Foreman : A date? Date, dinner and a movie, naked and sweaty, date?
Cameron : He only committed to the first two.
Chase : He's so... He's so old.
Cameron : - And you're so young. - It's a big mistake.
Cameron : It's my boss. I'm allowed to sexually harass my boss.
Cameron : I'll arrange for the E.M.G. You want to set up the angiogram?
UNK: And you can get the blood samples, patient history, patient consent.
Foreman : Like watching an accident about to happen.
UNK: Morning.
Foreman : Harvey, I'm Dr. Foreman. I'm here to discuss your case.
Annette : I'm Annette. I'm Harvey's friend.
Foreman : Nice to meet you.
Foreman : I need your next of kin. You didn't fill that out on your intake form.
Annette : Harvey's parents are dead.
Annette : They died two years ago in a car crash.
Foreman : I see. So, Harvey, you have any siblings?
Annette : No. And no grandparents,
Annette : or uncles or aunts.
Foreman : Annette, uh, I don't want to have to ask you to leave...
Harvey : I want her to stay.
Foreman : Well, she can stay. You do the talking.
Foreman : Why'd you come to the clinic this morning?
Harvey : Uh, about six months ago, I started grinding my...
Harvey : You know. In your mouth. You chew with them.
UNK: Teeth.