UNK: Uh, hey, how about the pills?
House : Looks like you guys are good to go drug-free for a while.
House : Dr. Chase, these breath mints you've been popping since yesterday...
House : Are they a new fetish?
UNK: I found them at Harvey's. What? I just took two boxes.
Chase : - The guy's got a whole drawer of them. - And you didn't find that interesting?
Chase : Well, there's lots of interesting stuff in his place.
Chase : The mints weren't high up on the list.
UNK: Wrong.
House : Chase, get your nose in here.
Chase : If you're trying to humiliate me,
UNK: I told you... Come on. Put your face in his mouth.
Foreman : - Ugh! - Rich, wouldn't you say?
UNK: Mm. Smells like old vomit.
House : Number one sign of fulminating osteomyelitis.
Cameron : Infection of the jaw?
House : Probably from the original break. Never healed properly.
House : Infected tissue from the jaw...
House : breaks off, blocks blood flow to the brain.
House : And life just isn't worth living without blood.
Foreman : It was hidden from the scans by the metal plate.
UNK: And an infection in the jaw is unlikely to show up in blood tests.
Cameron : - So how do we confirm? - Like this.
House : Ladies and gentlemen, we have pus.
House : We're gonna remove the jaw.
UNK: Anybody got a buzz saw? Okay, call a surgeon.
House : Hi. I'm Dr. House.
House : How's tricks, Annette?
Annette : I just wanted to see if he was okay.
Annette : I'll leave.
Harvey : It's okay. I came to talk to you both.
House : Like I tell all my patients,
UNK: you've simply got to say no to strangulation.
House : Me, I'm a freak.
House : I get off on not being in pain.
House : That and chocolate-covered marshmallow bunnies.
Annette : He's not a freak.
House : Yeah, he is... a little.
UNK: But it's gotta stop,
House : or he'll die.
Annette : It's not about pain.
Annette : It's about being open.
UNK: And completely vulnerable to another person.
Annette : If you can learn to be that deeply trusting,
Annette : it changes you.
House : Lock him in a cage.
House : That should be fine, medically.
Myron : Dr. House?
Harvey : Were my parents here?
Harvey : Did they come to see me?