Cameron : We put him on blood thinners, he might bleed out.
House : But if Foreman's right about it being bacterial endocarditis and we...
Foreman : I think Chase is right.
House : Okay. If Foreman used to be right about it being blood clots...
House : and we take the surgery route, we'll probably kill the guy.
House : So start him on blood thinners, and if he has another stroke, we'll schedule the surgery.
Foreman : - Yeah? - You Dr. House?
UNK: I have a feeling I'm gonna regret this, but yes.
Myron : Ramona said I should come to you for my refill.
UNK: Uh, you know, the...
UNK: The wood's beginning to droop.
Myron : She said you'd probably want to talk to me first.
House : She lied.
House : Here you go.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Always happy to make people happy. Good-bye.
UNK: Uh, I don't know how much more of this I can take.
House : - Much more of what? - Sex.
House : You don't want more sex?
Myron : My golf swing is all messed up.
House : Hey, here's a radical thought. Talk to her.
House : - The truth? - Sounds crazy when you put it like that.
Myron : Ramona's got a big appetite.
Myron : If I don't perform...
Myron : I don't want to lose her.
Myron : You got a pharmacy around here?
House : In the hospital? Could be.
House : Let's see if we can find it.
House : Got any blue pills?
Pharmacist : You looking for E.D. medication?
House : Well, that's one example of a blue pill. Name six others.
Pharmacist : There's a brand of acetaminophen...
UNK: Perfect. Fill 'er up.
Myron : - Dr. House. - Little busy here.
Cuddy : I heard about Dr. Cameron's conditions for coming back to work.
House : It's purely business. I'll make sure you get the receipt.
Cuddy : Well, I think it's a good thing.
Wilson : What happened in your last relationship,
UNK: it's no reason to wall yourself off from people forever.
UNK: Five years of self-pity is probably enough.
UNK: Wow. You've certainly given me a lot to think about.
House : If only I was as open as you.
UNK: Well... - Actually, it was your blouse I was talking about.
Cuddy : Bear in mind, Cameron's probably the only female who could tolerate you.
Cuddy : Wear the sky-blue shirt.
Cuddy : It almost makes you look nice.
Harvey : They said she couldn't come back into the hospital.
Harvey : They won't let me see her.
Chase : Harvey, you're lucky she wasn't arrested.
Chase : What were you thinking, doing that at a hospital?
Chase : Squeeze my fingers?
UNK: I was scared. I'll need you to squeeze with both hands.
Harvey : I am.
Chase : Weakness in his right arm and hand.
UNK: Harvey's having mini-strokes. The blood thinners aren't making a difference.
House : Stop the treatment.
House : Sorry. We tried your way. You could not have been "wronger".
Foreman : I said Chase was probably right. Oh, yeah.
House : We've all got perfect 20/20 hindsight.
UNK: Get ahold of May in Vascular.
House : See if his surgical dance card is free for tomorrow.
Cameron : - About tomorrow night. - You couldn't keep your mouth shut.
Cameron : I didn't see any reason to.
Cameron : Where are we going? I want to make sure I dress appropriately.
House : That would be army boots and T-shirt.
UNK: It's the county paint ball tourney. First prize is 50 bucks.
House : I'll split it with you if you hold your end up.
UNK: I'm not sure that was the deal.
UNK: Relax. I made a reservation at Cafй Spoleto.
UNK: Regarding wardrobe,
UNK: are you too young to remember spandex?
Cameron : I'll figure something out.
Chase : The surgery will repair the damaged blood vessels in your neck,
Chase : and your strokes will stop.