Chase : Cameron's got the E.M.G. first. Who's that?
Foreman : Harvey's guru.
Chase : - That's what she called herself? - That's what she acted like.
Ramona : Hi. I'm having vaginal pain.
House : Pleasure to meet you.
Ramona : My OB/GYN died recently. He was a nice man.
Ramona : - Warm hands. - Not anymore.
House : So, does it hurt when you tinkle?
UNK: Yeah, that's when it's worst.
House : You have some vaginal tearing.
UNK: No sign of bruising.
House : No indication of trauma, forced entry.
House : Ramona, you naughty girl.
UNK: Either you've got yourself an 18-year-old boyfriend,
House : or an 80-year-old with some little blue pills.
UNK: Myron thought he'd just try 'em out.
House : - Lucky you. - I guess.
UNK: You'd prefer it if Myron was a little...
UNK: droopier? Maybe a little.
Ramona : We used to hold hands or read together...
Ramona : or watch Jeopardy.
Ramona : I haven't seen Jeopardy in almost a month.
House : Have you talked to him about this?
Ramona : You try talking a 73-year-old out of sex.
Ramona : With all these male enhancements, the pressure to put out's incredible.
Ramona : It's worse than high school.
Ramona : He doesn't get what he wants from me, he'll get it from Connie in the corner condo.
Ramona : She's dying her hair red. Major league slut.
House : Here's a prescription...
House : for vaginal estrogen suppositories.
House : It'll help with the lubrication.
Ramona : Thank you.
Ramona : Maybe you could give Myron a prescription...
Ramona : Something weaker than he's got now.
Ramona : Tell him it's better for his heart. He'd buy that.
House : You can't tell him the truth so you want me to lie to him?
Chase : - Would you? - Close your legs.
Cameron : Nerves stimulate muscles to move by creating a small electrical current.
Cameron : The machine will measure that.
Cameron : And I will insert this needle into various muscles and ask you to flex.
Cameron : Sometimes it can be painful. Let me know. I can pull back.
UNK: No.
Harvey : I mean, it's okay.
Cameron : Okay. Put your arm out to the side.
Cameron : - You all right? - I'm good.
Harvey : You don't have to stop.
UNK: Raise your arm over your head.
Cameron : The E.M.G. was clean.
House : Based on this history, it's either toxic herbs from the homeopath,
House : spinal damage from the chiropractor,
UNK: infection from a needle that the acupuncturist accidentally let sit in eye of newt,
House : or the shen balancer...
UNK: What the hell is a shen, and how come it's lopsided?
Foreman : The only abnormal test result we found was on the echo report.
Foreman : Mitral valve prolapse.
House : Hang up a shingle and condemn the narrowness and greed of Western medicine.
UNK: You can make a damn fine living.
UNK: Clots form on the faulty valve, get sent to the brain, voilа... stroke.
UNK: Ofcourse, no harm, no foul.
House : Just taking a few bucks from superstitious idiots, right?
Chase : Could also be an aneurysm due to trauma.
UNK: Trauma? From what, the chiropractic treatments?
Foreman : It's bacterial endocarditis, an infected valve. We should do blood cultures.
House : The six months that he had with these charlatans...
UNK: might have been better spent going to someone who looks at things that exist in the real world.
House : But that's just me being all narrow again.
Chase : I noticed a small bruit when I listened to Harvey's left carotid.
Chase : You could hear that if he had an aneurysm from trauma.
UNK: An aneurysm would have shown on the angiogram.
Chase : No. Not necessarily.