House : This girl's father will die by next weekend
House : unless he gets your wife's heart.
Cuddy : House, don't you think that's a little manipulative?
House : No. It's hugely manipulative.
Donald : You're an ass.
House : Hey, listen! You take your wife off life support
House : and I'll have forgotten about this in two weeks.
UNK: Gail here, on the other hand...
Man : - Amy. - Whatever.
House : You're mad at me. Fine, I get that. Take it out on me, not on her.
UNK: Fine. Your dad can have her heart.
House : Fever, stomach pain, raised liver enzymes.
Foreman : She's sick.
House : Worse than that, she's dead.
Foreman : My point is, even if it's not Hep C, it's something.
UNK: They turned her down as a donor
Foreman : because if we put that heart into someone, they won't survive.
Foreman : Whatever made her sick will kill him!
House : Yeah. So what is it?
UNK: The enzymes indicate...
Chase : You want us to do a differential diagnosis on a dead person?
House : We're going to cure her.
Cameron : We're going to cure death?
House : Doubt it.
UNK: Just wanna get the infection out of her heart
House : before we get the heart out of her.
House : The fever indicates an infection.
Foreman : She probably has Hep C and a bad case of the flu.
House : Let's assume, just for fun,
House : that the answer is something that might be helpful.
Chase : Fever and belly pain. Could be a gall bladder infection.
Foreman : Like that.
House : Do an MRI, stat.
Foreman : You really don't need to be here.
Donald : I assume House is a great doctor.
Chase : Why would you assume that?
Donald : Because, when you're that big a jerk, you're either great or unemployed.
House : No sign of gall bladder infection.
Chase : - But there was a cyst. - Perfectly round.
UNK: Hep C wouldn't cause... The question was never "Is it Hep C?"
UNK: The question was, "Given that it's not Hep C, what is it?"
Chase : - Adenoma? - Not solid enough.
Foreman : - Cavernous hemangioma? - Not vascular enough.
House : What if she was sloppy about washing her hands after pooping?
UNK: Amoeba infection?
UNK: If the amebiasis started in her liver, then spread to her blood,
House : that would explain all her symptoms, except for the crushed skull.
House : But I'm assuming that's from the car crash.
UNK: I'll start her on paromomycin and chloroquine.
UNK: Ten grams each.
Chase : That's 20 times the normal dose.
House : Right, so we'll destroy her retinas and damage her hearing.
House : Whoever wants those parts is having a very bad day.
UNK: Couple hours on the meds, she'll be feeling great.
UNK: I got your labs.
House : - Do you eat guinea pigs? - No.
House : How about hamsters or mice? Humans?
Patient : What are you talking about?
Patient : Is something wrong with me?
House : Absolutely nothing.
UNK: Your blood work is perfect.
UNK: You have lots of vitamins, minerals, all kinds of proteins,
House : including a little something I like to call bovine serum albumin
House : which you get from eating the animals mentioned. Or cow.