Henry : Could you get me a cup, honey?
Henry : Would you mind closing the blinds?
Foreman : His right testicle was almost twice as big as his left.
House : - Cool. - It's probably testicular cancer.
House : No. That's impossible.
Chase : The symptoms all indicate...
House : The shoes aren't right.
House : Here's how testicular cancer would manifest itself.
House : First, the patient would get the exact symptoms that he's got.
House : Then Foreman would examine him.
House : Then he'd suspect testicular cancer
UNK: on account of the symptoms being so perfect.
House : Then he'd stick a needle in it, then he'd call a surgeon.
House : And while that guy operates, the rest of us would be out bowling.
House : And, since we're not wearing bowling shoes,
House : the disease obviously did not progress in that fashion.
Foreman : LP showed some white cells. But his MRI's clean.
UNK: Sure. If you call a microabcess in his brain "clean."
House : What, you don't trust me?
UNK: Are you're talking about the left temporal lobe?
House : Neat, you can see through my hand.
Foreman : - It's just a shadow. - Or it's an infection.
House : When guys have brain-crotch problems
House : it's usually the result of using one too much and the other too little.
Foreman : Blood and urine were negative for syphilis, gonorrhea, and chlamydia.
UNK: So treat him for all three, stat.
Cameron : Negative means he doesn't have it.
House : No, negative means he probably doesn't have it,
House : which means he probably has cancer.
Cameron : I thought we were wearing the wrong shoes for cancer.
Cameron : We're wearing the wrong shoes for testicular cancer.
House : They're perfect for lymphoma. Except Chase's, they're just goofy.
House : Lymphoma could cause infiltrates
House : in his reproductive organs and his brain.
UNK: If it's this advanced, he's dead no matter what we do.
House : So give him the STD meds and hope the tests were wrong.
House : Who's the lucky woman?
Wilson : My wife.
UNK: No, I don't wanna know who gets the chocolates,
House : I wanna know who you're having the affair with.
UNK: He fell on his head as a child. Tragic.
House : Norwegian chocolate.
House : Frankly, you buy that stuff, the terrorists win.
Wilson : Some people bottle up their feelings, have them come out as physical pain.
Wilson : Healthy human beings express feelings, such as affection, by giving gifts.
House : Gifts express guilt.
House : The more expensive the expression, the deeper the guilt.
UNK: That's a $12 box.
UNK: Either you haven't slept with her yet or she wasn't that good.
Wilson : It's not all about sex, House.
House : Really? When did that change?
UNK: I wanna get Depo-Provera.
House : Actually, at your age, as long as you're careful,
House : the risk of you getting pregnant is pretty limited.
Patient : Yeah, but it would calm me down, right? If I get a high enough dose.
UNK: You mean "calm" as in a peaceful lake on a cool summer evening?
UNK: Or in the lesser-used meaning of nothing can ever bother you again
House : because life has absolutely no meaning.
UNK: High dose of Depo-Provera will chemically castrate you.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna get up to leave now.
UNK: I'm gonna walk to that door, turn the handle,
UNK: and then you're suddenly gonna decide that you have to tell me the truth.
UNK: I'm gonna have to turn around, come all the way back.
House : You see, the thing is, my leg hurts. Can we cut the walking out of the equation?
Patient : I love cows.
House : Any particular variety?
UNK: Guernseys? Holsteins?
Patient : Which are the black and white ones?
House : Oh, God.
Patient : I pass a farm on my way to school.
Patient : And they're so beautiful, they're so majestic, I dream about them.
Patient : Leather shoes, hamburgers. How could anybody do that to a cow?
UNK: Make love, not belts. That's beautiful.
Patient : - I haven't actually... - Relax.
UNK: This is something we doctors deal with all the time.
UNK: I'm gonna write you the name of a drug. You don't need a prescription.
UNK: And it looks just like Depo-Provera.
Patient : - But does it do the same thing? - Oh, God, no.
House : That stuff has all sorts of nasty side effects. It's real medicine.
UNK: No, this is all you need. Your frat buddies will be completely fooled.
UNK: You can tell them how appalled the doctor was.
House : Lots of laughs.
Foreman : We think you may have a sexually transmitted disease.
Henry : No. It's not possible.