House : You don't really worship cows.
House : So I have to wonder, what could be more humiliating
House : than someone calling your girlfriend a cow and not being metaphorical?
Cameron : - Nice. - That's my mom.
House : Either that's a very old photograph or it's your stepmom.
Patient : She goes around the house in a bikini. Or less.
Patient : I can't stop thinking about her.
UNK: My dad's in Europe. I'll be watching TV,
Patient : she'll give me a massage. I can't walk for an hour.
House : Still. Cows?
Patient : She's my mother!
UNK: Step.
Patient : Please? I just need the medicine for three months
Patient : until I graduate and I move out of the house.
UNK: Please.
UNK: You're not gonna have any fun at graduation.
House : Keep up the good work.
House : Your shirt is ironed.
House : That means you haven't told your wife anything.
Wilson : Let's say you're right.
House : You're saying I'm right?
UNK: No, "let" is saying.
Wilson : Does it occur to you that maybe there's some deeper guidance
UNK: than "keep your mouth shut"?
Wilson : That maybe a friend might value concern over glibness?
Donald : That maybe...
Wilson : Maybe I'm going through something
Wilson : that I need to have an actual conversation about?
Wilson : Does it occur to you that if you need that kind of a friend,
House : you may have made some deeper errors?
Chase : Her heartbeat's irregular. Looks like global hypokinesis.
House : Stop the meds.
UNK: You're giving up?
House : Either we're wrong and her heart is unusable,
House : or we're right, but the treatment we have
House : to give her will make her heart unusable.
House : I'm sorry. You can pull the plug now.
House : Find me another body.
UNK: That fat guy on Ortho service didn't look so hot.
UNK: No!
Donald : She's not ready.
House : You were ready this morning.
Donald : She's not done!
UNK: She's got to save that guy.
House : Alternate theories?
Chase : Amebiasis was our best hope.
Chase : The fact that her heart rate went back to normal
UNK: when we stopped the meds confirms...
UNK: What's our second-best hope?
UNK: House, put down the wand, there's no obstruction.
Foreman : Maybe we should just biopsy it.
House : She's a fridge with the power out.
UNK: If we start poking around inside, the vegetable goes bad.
UNK: No offense.
Foreman : I don't see that we have a lot of choice.
Foreman : The only way we'll find that infection...
Cameron : What if it's not an infection? Toxins can cause similar symptoms,
Cameron : especially if whatever it is did liver damage.
UNK: Her toxin screen was clean.
House : Those things never cover for any of the really cool toxins.
House : Run the screen again for whatever you can think of.
House : You, keep the other patient alive.
UNK: You check out the school.
House : And I seem to need to hire another doctor to go search her home.
House : Come on.
Donald : If she was taking any medications, I'd know about it.
House : Does your wife dye her hair?
UNK: No. Her mom never went gray, she didn't either.
House : Guess this must be yours, then.
House : Can you think of anything else she might've lied to you about?
UNK: Any drugs she gave up when she married you?