Foreman : Sir, maybe we should speak in private?
Amy : Have you tested him for this?
Foreman : The tests were negative.
Henry : Well, then it's not that. So, what else could it be?
Foreman : Nothing good.
Foreman : If you've been having sex you have to tell me.
Henry : I have not had sex since my divorce!
House : I didn't ask him to take the medicine. I asked you to give him the medicine.
Foreman : - He hasn't had sex in over a year. - He's lying.
Foreman : He knows what's at stake.
Foreman : We should start treating him for lymphoma right away.
Foreman : Maybe if we hit him hard and fast.
UNK: Wilson!
House : How long can you go without sex?
House : How long can you go without annoying people?
House : No, seriously. A week, a month?
Wilson : I'm not having an affair!
House : I didn't say you were.
House : Not in this conversation. We're talking about a patient.
Foreman : People have impulse control. We don't need sex.
House : Well, not like air. But as a biological imperative, sure we do.
House : Money and sex.
House : And since money rarely enters the bloodstream...
House : Was his daughter in the room when you asked if he'd had sex?
Foreman : I told him we could talk privately, he didn't care if she was there.
House : It's almost noon. The little girl would go to lunch.
UNK: As soon as she's out the door, you're gonna get paged. Then you page me.
House : Lunch is early, huh?
UNK: Hi. I'm Dr. House.
House : I hear you'd rather die than admit you had sex.
Henry : - Sorry. I couldn't tell my daughter. - Right. Because she's, what, 22?
Henry : I slept with her mom.
House : She probably knows that's happened already.
House : Roll over.
Henry : My wife had an affair. I forgave her.
Henry : She had another affair and I forgave her again.
Henry : Amy thinks I was an idiot.
House : So smart. You must be very proud. Roll over.
UNK: I assume you've been in love.
House : Is that the one that makes your pants feel funny?
House : I'm starting you on a cocktail of STD meds.
Henry : Amy is just getting over it. She barely spoke to her mom for months
Henry : and if she thought that it was happening again,
UNK: that that's why I got sick...
Henry : We just happened to be
Henry : at the same Italian cheese-tasting thing.
House : Cheese is the devil's plaything.
Henry : It was just the one night.
House : You're obviously completely over her.
Henry : Amy thinks love leads you to make stupid choices.
House : You're certainly setting a good example for her.
UNK: Yeah. She just doesn't get it.
Henry : If you're not prepared to look stupid,
Henry : then nothing great is ever gonna happen, right?
Henry : On the other hand,
Henry : I guess your testicles aren't going to explode, either.
UNK: Dad.
UNK: Is everything okay?
Henry : I have a sexually transmitted disease.
UNK: How is that possible?
House : He met a woman in church.
Amy : Does she play bridge?
Amy : Does she...
UNK: Crash cart! Oh, God!
Henry : - Is this another seizure? - Shut up!
Nurses : Coming in!
House : Oh, God!
Nurse : Here you go.
UNK: Forty milligrams furosemide.
House : Knock him out.
Cameron : It's in.
Amy : How would an STD do this?
House : It wouldn't.
Chase : It was flash pulmonary edema.
UNK: We took a liter of fluid off but the problem wasn't with his lungs.