Chase : It's his heart. There are vegetations obstructing his mitral valve.
Foreman : It's not an STD. Lymphoma wouldn't erupt that suddenly.
UNK: So what is it then?
House : A disease that attacks his brain, heart and testicles.
House : - I think Byron wrote about that. - Could be psittacosis.
Chase : Chlamydia cultures would've come back positive.
UNK: Strep viridians can hit the heart.
Cameron : Wouldn't mess with the reproductive system.
Cameron : Maybe things aren't so nicely connected. He's 65.
Cameron : We could be looking at multiple systems
Cameron : just starting to break down independently.
House : Way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
Chase : He's had acid reflux for years, it can't be relevant.
House : Seems there are other ways to kill people besides having sex with them.
House : You don't need this so much.
House : Problem is not your lungs, it's your heart.
House : That Italian cheese thing at the church, what sort of cheese?
Henry : Why do you need to know?
House : I'm having a fondue party.
House : - Was it sheep cheese? - Might have been, why?
House : - Was it soft? - Yeah.
House : - Taste like crap? - Yeah, bitter.
House : Taste like this?
Henry : Yeah, but how did you...
UNK: That was regular low-fat American.
UNK: I added some bacteria for flavor.
Amy : You fed him bacteria?
House : It's pretty much on everything.
UNK: Especially the unpasteurized sheep cheese they make in the Alps.
House : That stuff will give you brucellosis.
House : Exotic women and boring cheese.
UNK: I'm gonna start you on rifampin and doxycycline.
Henry : Doesn't make any sense.
Henry : I mean, nobody else at the church got sick.
UNK: 99.9% of Christians have so much acid in their stomach,
House : they become churning cauldrons of death
UNK: for all those nasty little brucellosis bugs.
House : But you were taking antacids for your acid reflux.
House : So that turns your digestive tract
House : into a pleasant scenic river for all those bacterial tourists.
Wilson : You sure you're right?
House : Absolutely. Your socks don't match.
UNK: Which means you got up and got dressed in the dark,
UNK: which means you don't wanna wake your wife,
UNK: which means you don't wanna talk to her, which means...
Wilson : I was referring to your patient.
House : Oh, that.
House : No. Come on, I'm basing it on cheese.
Wilson : How long before you get the tests back?
UNK: Well, we'll know before that.
House : If I'm wrong, he'll just keep getting worse and slowly die.
House : And if I'm right, either we caught it in time and he gets better,
House : or we didn't, and he goes into cardiac arrest at any moment.
UNK: Paddles!
UNK: Charging. Two-fifty. Clear!
UNK: Charging! Three hundred! Clear!
UNK: Charging! Three-sixty! Clear!
UNK: Epinephrine.