Ross : - Hey, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving. - No, no, no.
Ross : What are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
UNK: We're playing a game I learned.
Chandler : You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Ross : What? That's like insanely easy.
UNK: It's harder than it sounds. You always forget one.
UNK: Or, in some cases, 14.
UNK: It's stupid and I wasn't playing against people, so technically, I didn't lose.
UNK: You forgot 14 states?
Monica : Nobody cares about the Dakotas!
Chandler : Okay, time's up.
Rachel : All right, I got 48.
Chandler : That's not bad. Pheebs?
UNK: I got tired of naming states, so I decided to list the types of celery.
UNK: And I have one, regular celery.
Chandler : So Rachel's got 48, and Phoebe has the lead in...
Chandler : ...vegetables. Joey?
Joey : Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
UNK: - Wow, how many you got? - Fifty-six.
UNK: The One Where Chandler Doesn't Like Dogs
Chandler : There you go.
Rachel : How come we have one extra place setting?
Monica : You invited your assistant.
UNK: Oh, right, sorry. Tag's not coming.
Rachel : His girlfriend came into town, so he's with her.
Monica : Why didn't you tell me?
Monica : I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Rachel : I was going to, but then I figured...
Rachel : ...your food is so delicious and perfect...
Rachel : ...you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
UNK: You'd think I wouldn't enjoy that because it is so fake, but I still do.
Phoebe : Regular celery!
Phoebe : I already have that.
UNK: Done...
UNK: ...with time to spare.
UNK: - This may be a new world's record. - I hate to lecture you guys...
UNK: ...but it's disgraceful that a group of well-educated adults...
Ross : ...and Joey, can't name all the states.
Ross : You ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called a "globe"?
Chandler : Magellan? You got 46 states.
Ross : - What? That's impossible. - Forty-six.
UNK: Well, who's well-educated now, Mr. L-Forgot-Ten-States?
UNK: I'm going to go turn on Joey's oven.
Monica : Please, watch him. Do not let Joey eat any of the food.
Chandler : I am only one man.
UNK: - Okay, time is up. - Now, just give me another minute.
Chandler : If you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay?
Chandler : That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Ross : This is crazy. I can do this.
UNK: All right, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
UNK: Okay, but if you can't, no dinner.
Ross : You're on.
UNK: Don't look at my list, because there's a lot on there that you don't have.
UNK: Did you know your oven doesn't work?
Joey : The drawer full of takeout menus is okay, right?
Monica : Ross, I'm gonna use yours.
UNK: Chandler, give me a hand.
UNK: Joey, do not let Ross look at maps or the globe in your apartment.
Joey : Don't worry. It's not a globe of the United States.
Phoebe : I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Ross : Phoebe, why is your bag moving?