House : There's no such thing.
House : Our bodies break down. Sometimes when we're 90. Sometimes before we're even born.
House : But it always happens, and there's never any dignity in it.
House : I don't care if you can walk, see, wipe your own ass. It's always ugly. Always.
UNK: We can live with dignity. We can't die with it.
House : No treatment.
Foreman : Maybe we can get a court order, uh, override her wishes,
Foreman : claim she doesn't have the capacity to make this decision.
House : But she does.
Cameron : But we could claim that the illness made her mentally incompetent, right?
UNK: A pretty common result. That didn't happen here.
Wilson : He's not gonna do it. She's not just a file to him anymore.
Wilson : He respects her.
Cameron : So because you respect her, you're going to let her die?
House : I solved the case. My work is done.
House : Patients always want proof.
House : We're not making cars here.
House : We don't give guarantees.
Chase : I think we can prove it's a worm.
Chase : It's noninvasive. It's safe.
UNK: I'm not completely sure, but... Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the damn idea?
Chase : Have you ever seen a worm under an X-ray?
UNK: A regular, old, no-contrast, hundred-year-old-technology X-ray?
Chase : They light up like shotgun pellets, just like on a contrast M.R.I.
Foreman : Which is the same thing as a CT scan, which we did, which proved nothing.
UNK: The worm's cyst is the same density as the cerebrospinal fluid.
UNK: We're not gonna see anything in her head.
House : But Chase is right. He's right. We should X-ray her.
House : But we don't X-ray her brain. We X-ray her leg.
House : Worms love thigh muscle. If she's got one in her head, I guarantee you there's one in her leg.
Chase : Hold still, Rebecca.
Chase : This here...
Chase : is a worm larva.
Rebecca : So, if it's in my leg, it's in my brain?
Chase : Are you looking for a guarantee?
House : It's there. Probably been there six to 10 years.
UNK: - Do I have more? - Probably.
Chase : It's good news.
Rebecca : - What do we do now? - Now we get you better.
UNK: Albendazole.
UNK: Two pills? - Yeah. Every day, for at least a month, with a meal.
Rebecca : - Two pills? - Yeah.
Chase : Possible side effects include abdominal pain, nausea, headaches, dizziness, fever...
Chase : and hair loss.
Chase : We'll probably make you keep taking the pills even if you get every one of those.
Cameron : Why did you hire me?
UNK: Does it matter? - Kinda hard to work for a guy who doesn't respect you.
Melanie : - Why? - Is that rhetorical?
House : No. It just seems that way 'cause you can't think of an answer.
House : Does it make a difference what I think?
House : I'm a jerk. The only thing that matters is what you think. Can you do the job?