Cameron : You hired a black guy because he had a juvenile record. No.
House : It wasn't a racial thing.
House : I didn't see a black guy.
House : I just saw a doctor...
House : with a juvenile record.
House : I hired Chase 'cause his dad made a phone call.
House : I hired you...
House : because you are extremely pretty.
UNK: You hired me to get into my pants? I can't believe that that would shock you.
House : It's also not what I said.
House : No, I hired you because you look good.
House : It's like having a nice piece of art in the lobby.
Cameron : - I was in the top of my class. - But not the top.
Cameron : I did an internship at the Mayo Clinic. Yeah. You were a very good applicant.
UNK: But not the best. Would that upset you? Really?
House : To think that you were hired because of some genetic gift of beauty instead of some genetic gift of intelligence?
Cameron : I worked very hard to get where I am.
House : But you didn't have to.
House : People choose the paths that gain them the greatest rewards for the least amount of effort.
House : That's a law of nature, and you defied it. That's why I hired you.
House : You could have married rich. You could have been a model.
House : You could have just shown up and people would have given you stuff. Lots of stuff.
House : But you didn't. You worked your stunning little ass off.
Cameron : Am I supposed to be flattered?
House : Gorgeous women do not go to medical school...
House : unless they're as damaged as they are beautiful.
House : Were you abused by a family member?
Rebecca : - No. - Sexually assaulted?
UNK: No!
House : But you are damaged, aren't you?
Cameron : I have to go.
UNK: Orange Guy : I followed her.
UNK: Oh. - I couldn't stop thinking about what that doctor said.
Cuddy : I told you not to listen to him. He's an idiot. - I was orange!
Cuddy : - I don't want to know what you found out. - You don't care?
Cuddy : I'm your doctor.
Cuddy : You've been good to me and good to this hospital. Ofcourse I care.
Cuddy : But I don't see how this conversation can end well for me.
Cuddy : Either your wife is having an affair, or she's not having an affair,
Cuddy : and you have come here because you rightly think I should fire him.
Cuddy : But I can't. Even if it costs me your money.
Cuddy : The son of a bitch is the best doctor we have.
Chase : Feeling any better?
Rebecca : I can't complain.
Chase : As you know, the hospital has certain rules.
Chase : And as you also know, we tend to ignore them.
Chase : But I think this one's gonna be a little obvious unless we get your help.
Cameron : If anyone asks, you have 11 daughters and five sons.
UNK: Hi! Look who's here!
Rebecca : It's so good to see you guys. I missed you.
Rebecca : Is this for me?
UNK: It's beautiful.
Rebecca : Oh, I love you guys.
Rebecca : I wanted to thank Dr. House, but he never visited again.
Cameron : He cured you. You didn't cure him.
UNK: Okay, I want a hug and a kiss from every single one of you! Get up here right now!
Melanie : - There. - Hold on.
UNK: Female Dr. On Mini Tv : She's converted.
House : You said she was your cousin.
House : Why would you lie?
Wilson : It got you to take the case.
House : You lied to a friend to save a stranger. You don't think that's kind of screwed up?
Wilson : You've never lied to me?
House : I never lie.
UNK: Oh. Right.
UNK: Male Dr On Mini Tv : - Why do we do this? - Because we're doctors.
UNK: If we make mistakes, people die.
Cameron : Dr. House?
Nurse : You have a patient.
Nurse : He says he needs a refill.
House : Got change for a dollar?