Foreman : Not that I could tell from her underwear drawer.
UNK: You said "nothing that would explain these symptoms".
House : What did you find that doesn't explain these symptoms?
Foreman : Dr. Wilson convinced you to treat this patient under false pretenses.
Foreman : Adler's not his cousin.
UNK: That's ridiculous. Ask her yourself. Can we get ba...
Foreman : - She's not jewish. - Rachel Adler's not jewish?
Foreman : I had ham at her apartment.
Wilson : Dr. Foreman, a lot of Jews have non-Jewish relatives, and most of us don't keep kosher.
Wilson : I can see getting through high school without learning a thing about jews, but medical school?
UNK: Okay, maybe she's Jewish, but she's definitely not your cousin.
UNK: Really? This guy is...
Foreman : You don't even know her name. You called her Rachel. Her name is Rebecca.
Wilson : Yes. Yes, her name is Rebecca.
UNK: I-I call her Rachel.
House : You idiot! Listen, he's...
House : Not you. Him.
House : - You said you didn't find anything. - Everything I found was in my...
House : - You found ham. - So?
House : Where there's ham, there's pork.
House : Where there's pork, there's neurocysticercosis.
Chase : Tapeworm? You think she's got a worm in her brain?
House : It fits. Could have been living there for years. Never occurred to me that...
Cameron : Millions of people eat ham every day. It's quite a leap to think that's she's got a tapeworm.
UNK: Okay, Mr. Neurologist, what happens when you give steroids to a person who has a tapeworm?
Foreman : They... They get a little better, and... and then they get worse.
Wilson : Just like Rebecca Adler did.
House : In a typical case, if you don't cook pork well enough,
UNK: you digest live tapeworm larvae.
UNK: They've got these little hooks,
House : they grab onto your bowel, they live, they grow up, they reproduce.
UNK: Reproduce? There's only one lesion, and it's nowhere near her bowel.
House : That's because this is not a typical case.
House : Tapeworm can produce 20,000 to 30,000 eggs a day.
House : Guess where they go? Out.
House : Not all of them.
House : Unlike the larvae, the egg can pass right through the walls of the intestines into the bloodstream.
UNK: And where does the bloodstream go? Everywhere.
House : As long as it's healthy, the immune system doesn't even know it's there.
House : The worm builds a wall, uses secretions to shut down the body's immune response and control fluid flow.
UNK: It's really very beautiful.
House : As long as it's healthy. So what do we do?
Foreman : Call a vet, nurse the little guy back to health?
House : It's too late for that. It's dying.
House : And as it dies, this parasite loses the ability to control the host's defenses.
UNK: The immune system wakes up, attacks the worm, and everything starts to swell.
House : And that is very bad for the brain.
Wilson : It could still be a hundred other things.
Wilson : The eosinophil count was normal.
Chase : - It's only abnormal in 30% of cases. - Proving nothing.
UNK: No, no, no, no. It... Don't you see? It fits. It's perfect. It explains everything.
Wilson : - But it proves nothing. - I can prove it by treating it.
Wilson : No, you can't.
Wilson : I was just with her. She doesn't want any more treatments.
Wilson : She doesn't want any more experiments. She wants to go home and die.
UNK: Would you excuse us, please?