Cuddy : The clinic is part of your job. I want you to do your job.
UNK: But, as the philosopher Jagger once said, "You can't always get what you want".
Rebecca : You're not my doctor. Are you Dr. House?
Chase : Thankfully, no. I'm Dr. Chase.
Cameron : Dr. House is the head of diagnostic medicine.
Cameron : He's very busy, but he has taken a keen interest in your case.
Foreman : We inject gadolinium into a vein.
Foreman : It distributes itself throughout your brain and acts as a contrast material for the magnetic resonance imager.
Cameron : Basically, whatever's in your head lights up like a Christmas tree.
Foreman : It might make you feel a little light-headed. - Dr. Cameron.
Nurse : I'm sorry. I have to stop you. There is a problem.
House : You pulled my authorization!
UNK: Yes. Why are you yelling?
House : No M.R.I.'s, no imaging studies, no labs.
Cuddy : You also can't make long distance phone calls.
UNK: If you're going to fire me, have the guts to face me. - Or photocopies. You're still yelling.
House : I'm angry! You're risking a patient's life.
Cuddy : - I assume those are two separate points. - You showed me disrespect.
House : You embarrassed me. And as long as I work here, you have no legal...
UNK: Is the yelling designed to scare me?
UNK: Because I'm not sure what it is I'm supposed to be scared of. More yelling?
Cuddy : That's not scary.
UNK: That you're going to hurt me? That's scary. But I'm pretty sure I can outrun you.
Cuddy : Oh, I looked into that philosopher you quoted... Jagger.
Cuddy : And you're right, you can't always get what you want.
Cuddy : But as it turns out, "If you try sometimes, you get what you need".
House : So, because you want me to treat patients,
UNK: you're not letting me treat patients?
Cuddy : I need you to do your job.
House : Do the M.R.I. She folded.
UNK: I've got to do four hours a week in this clinic until I make up the time I've missed.
UNK: 2054. I'll be caught up in 2054.
House : You better love this cousin a whole lot.
UNK: All right, Rebecca, I know you may feel a little claustrophobic in there,
Cameron : but we need you to remain still.
UNK: Okay, we're going to begin.
Rebecca : I don't feel so good.
Chase : It's all right. Just try to relax.
UNK: Rebecca?
UNK: Rebecca?
UNK: Rebecca?
Cameron : Get her out of there. Oh, she probably fell asleep.
UNK: She's exhausted. She was claustrophobic 30 seconds ago.
Cameron : She's not sleeping. We gotta get her out of there. - It'll just be another minute.
UNK: If she's having an allergic reaction to the gadolinium, she'll be dead in two minutes.
Foreman : Hold her neck. All right.
Cameron : Oh, she's ashen.
Foreman : She's not breathing. Epi, .5.
Rebecca : Come on.
Cameron : I can't ventilate.
Foreman : Too much edema. Where's the surgical airway kit? - Yep. Coming.