Ned : and I shut down the power at 10 Downing Street for a second.
Ned : It didn't work though.
Ned : We didn't have sex or nothing.
Beckett : Wow! Shocking.
Ned : No. She was very frisky with me.
Ned : And then all of a sudden she said she was bored,
Ned : wanted to go home.
UNK: Why?
Ned : I think maybe it was because I was having trouble undoing her corset.
Ned : In my defense, it was, like, crazy-complicated,
Ned : and I was...
Ned : I was very nervous.
UNK: So, after you logged onto your computer is when Karla left you?
Ned : Yes. And as far as I know,
Ned : the office was completely empty when I left.
Beckett : Did you actually see Karla Ieave the building?
UNK: No.
Beckett : So it's possible she hid and then waited until you left?
UNK: Ah...
Beckett : Hey, Ryan. Ned, here, wants to revise his statement.
UNK: Awesome. Had a little accident?
Ryan : Don't touch anything. Please.
Beckett : Uh! Excuse me, Hayley. Where are you going?
Castle : Hey, guys, is there a problem here?
Beckett : Hayley waterboarded Ned.
Hayley : I did no such thing. It was more of a swirly.
Beckett : Never mind.
Beckett : Look. Apparently, Ned was tricked by some woman named Karla
Beckett : into gaining access to the building and the secured server,
Beckett : most likely to help Marcus rob the place.
Hayley : Yeah, but clearly something happened between Marcus and Karla,
Hayley : because it looks like she's the one that drove that knife into his back.
Castle : And is that all?
Hayley : Why are you asking me?
Castle : Because clearly something is going on with you, Hayley.
Castle : Something connected to this case.
Castle : You know you can tell us.
Hayley : I was in that office last night.
Beckett : Okay, we need to talk. Now.
Hayley : Really, you want to talk in here?
Beckett : Yes, this is where we question all of our murder suspects.
Hayley : You think I killed Marcus?
Beckett : Right now, I don't know what to think.
Hayley : An old friend of mine from MI6, Bryce Roberts,
Hayley : hired me and Marcus to do some PI work.
Hayley : To install some spy software
Hayley : on the VP of Manchester Energy's computer.
Hayley : At least, that's what I thought we were doing.
Hayley : Right in the middle of it all, in waltz Ned and Karla,
Hayley : so I finished my part of the job and I took off.
Hayley : Marcus stayed to watch Ned and Karla go at it.
UNK: Must've been part of their plan.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Marcus and Karla were partners?
UNK: Must've been. Although, what they were really after,
Hayley : and why she killed him, I have no bloody idea.
Beckett : Okay. Tell me about Bryce.
Hayley : He was my team leader back when I freelanced for MI6.
Beckett : Were you guys close?
Hayley : Yeah, for a while.
Hayley : Then everything went to hell on an op.
Hayley : And I cut all ties with MI6.
UNK: Then a few months ago, he retired from Her Majesty's service,
Hayley : Started a freelance security company here in New York.
Hayley : He got back in touch.
Hayley : - He's a good man. - So why did he involve you?
Hayley : Yeah, I'd like to ask him that myself.
Beckett : Any idea where we can find him?
Esposito : Are you sure Bryce's ex-wife still lives here?
Hayley : I hope so.
UNK: He would've come to say good-bye before he went Code 44.
Castle : There's no cars here. It doesn't look like anybody is...
UNK: Police!
UNK: Out back. we got a body here.
UNK: Bryce.
UNK: Bryce.
Hayley : Stabbed in the back, just like Marcus.
Lanie : Right between the T4 and T5 vertebrae.
Lanie : I don't believe it's coincidence.
Lanie : - I'm sorry about your friend. - Thanks.
Castle : You know, you can't blame yourselffor this.
Castle : - Bryce lied. He chose to trick you... - Bryce was leveraged.
Hayley : - Compromised. - Yeah, but by whom?
UNK: Hay, what are they getting you mixed up in?
UNK: Yo, unis are canvassing the neighborhood,
Esposito : but there's no trace of our suspect.
Hayley : It had to be Karla.
Ryan : Could be she's cleaning up loose ends.
Ryan : I mean, her partners are dead.
UNK: AII Karla has to do now is disappear.
Castle : Why would she break into
Castle : Manchester Energy Building in the first place?
Castle : What were they after?
UNK: And why did they need Hayley to be a part of it?
Hayley : Wait. Hang on.
UNK: Ten million dollars was just wired into my bank account
Hayley : from Manchester Energy.
Hayley : What the hell is going on?
UNK: I think I know why they needed you, Hayley.
UNK: Why?
Castle : You're the patsy.
UNK: Tv Reporter : We're getting confirmation that the massive blackout
UNK: Tv Reporter : that has hit London
UNK: Is due to a cyber-attack on Manchester Energy International,