Ryan : His name is Marcus Janek.
UNK: He's, uh... Yeah. A second-story man with a history of priors.
Esposito : Looks like somebody caught Marcus in the act and killed him.
Castle : Or perhaps Marcus had a partner.
Castle : A partner?
UNK: Well, Marcus is a burglar. He would be on high alert.
Castle : The only reason he'd Iet someone behind him
Castle : is if he trusted that person,
Castle : i.e., a partner.
Castle : We find the person Marcus broke in here with,
Castle : we find his killer.
Ryan : Very good, Castle.
Esposito : Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Castle : Why are you acting surprised?
Hayley : I don't know if it's important at all, but all those chairs are tucked in,
Hayley : - except for that one... - Except for that one there.
Castle : Yep, I noticed that, too, on the way in.
Castle : Way before she did. So...
Castle : Ned werner.
Castle : Perhaps Ned was working late last night.
Castle : Maybe he saw something.
Castle : Or maybe he's Marcus' partner and inside man.
UNK: - Please, Detective Ryan. - Thank you, Detective Esposito.
Castle : After you, boys.
UNK: Hello.
Hayley : Bryce, Marcus is dead. What the hell is going on?
Hayley : Does this have anything to do with your client?
Bryce : Hayley, I'm sorry.
Bryce : I lied, about everything.
Bryce : There is no cheating husband, nor an angry wife.
UNK: What?
Hayley : - How could you be so... - I had no choice.
UNK: Why?
Hayley : - Who put you up to this? - It doesn't matter. Not anymore.
Bryce : All you need to know is Code 44.
Bryce : I'm sorry, Hayley. I'm so sorry.
Castle : Hey, Hayley, the guys were thinking that...
Castle : Everything okay?
Hayley : Uh, no. A friend of mine's fallen ill.
Hayley : - And I've got to swing by, check in. - Of course.
UNK: Damn it, Alexis, what are you doing here?
UNK: Well, I needed some case files for work.
Alexis : But if this is how you get when people come over unannounced,
Alexis : I am happy to give you back your spare key.
Ryan : Come on.
Alexis : So, uh... Redecorating?
Hayley : You need to leave. Now.
Alexis : I see what's going on. You've got your go-bag, your guns.
Alexis : Is this why you wanted to go by that crime scene?
UNK: Hayley, ifyou're in trouble, talk to me.
Hayley : I can't, it's not safe.
Hayley : Okay. Look, I did a favor for a friend last night,
Hayley : at least I thought he was a friend.
Hayley : It was meant to be a quick PI job, but, technically, I broke a few laws.
Alexis : Okay. we'll tell Beckett, tell my dad. They can help.
Hayley : No, they can't.
Hayley : The friend I was working with, we were in MI6 together.
Hayley : He just phoned.
Hayley : Turns out the job wasn't legit.
Hayley : Something bigger is going on.
Hayley : Something bad enough that he told me to go Code 44.
Alexis : What does Code 44 mean?