Beckett : And what about that laptop?
Beckett : Was Hayley able to identify who created that worm program?
Ryan : Not yet.
Hayley : Damn it.
Alexis : You've been working that thing for hours.
Alexis : You need to take a break.
Hayley : Uh, this Edgar fellow has a serious hurt-on for me
Hayley : and he killed Bryce because of it.
Hayley : I'll take a break when that bastard is dead.
UNK: Hello. I'm in.
Hayley : I have unlocked the security for the worm.
Alexis : What is it?
Hayley : I recognize this code.
Alexis : You do? How?
Hayley : Because I helped design it a long, long time ago.
Alexis : What are you talking about?
Hayley : Damn it, his laptop is rubbish.
Hayley : I'm going to need something with more horsepower
Hayley : in order to get to the bottom of this.
Alexis : - I'll get your laptop from the back. - You're a dear, thank you.
Alexis : Now, if it's partially your code,
Alexis : then that should help narrow down who the killer is, right?
UNK: Hayley?
UNK: Hayley...
UNK: Hayley.
Ryan : Hey, guys, we got something.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : One of those cigar clubs paid off. Manager recognized Marcus' photo.
Beckett : - Did he see who Marcus was with? - He said Marcus came in alone.
UNK: And that he met with a guy in a brown leatherjacket
Ryan : for about 15 minutes.
Beckett : Did he get a good look at him?
UNK: No. But the club's security cam did.
UNK: Look. Brown leatherjacket. Got to be Edgar.
Beckett : This guy looks familiar. Hold on.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : - Hey, Alexis. - Dad, Hayley's gone.
Castle : Gone where?
Lanie : I don't know, but she ditched her cell phone.
Alexis : I can't track her.
Castle : Hang on. I'm putting you on speaker.
Castle : What was the last thing Hayley did before she disappeared?
Alexis : She discovered the computer worm was one she helped design years ago.
Castle : So Edgar used Hayley's own code to help frame her.
UNK: But why'd she take off right when she was closing in?
Beckett : Because she knows who the killer is. And his name isn't Edgar.
Beckett : I did some research on her dead MI6 partner, wesley Connors,
Beckett : and I found this article from six years ago.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Castle : Wesley Connors is the man in the brown leatherjacket.
Beckett : I knew he looked familiar.
Esposito : This article says he's been executed.
Alexis : Guys, when Hayley recognized the code,
Alexis : she looked like she'd just seen a ghost.
Castle : That's because she did. Wesley Connors is still alive.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Wes?
Hayley : Come on out. It's me.
UNK: It worked, Hayls. Our plan worked.
Mallory : This is impossible.
Mallory : Wesley Connors was caught and tried for espionage by the Iranians.
Mallory : Our intelligence sources confirmed he was executed.
Castle : Well, obviously, they were duped.
Beckett : Agent Mallory, this man perpetrated an attack
Beckett : on the London power grid and murdered two people.
Beckett : So it's time to play ball and tell us what you know.
UNK: What I'm about to tell you is highly classified and mustn't be repeated.
Mallory : Are we clear?
Mallory : The worm that crashed the London power grid
UNK: was a variation on one Hayley and wesley designed
Beckett : six years ago.
Mallory : It was used to knock out uranium enriching centrifuges
Mallory : at the Natanz reactor in Iran.
Castle : Are you talking about Stuxnet?
Castle : That computer virus
Castle : set the Iranian nuclear program back by decades.
Beckett : Stuxnet was supposedly created by the US and Israel.
Mallory : Disinformation, Captain, leaked by Her Majesty's government.
Mallory : We wanted to hit the Iranians as much as everyone else.
Mallory : So we put our two best agents on it.
Mallory : Hayley and wesley.
Mallory : Led by the recently deceased Bryce Roberts.
Mallory : The op was a success,
Mallory : however, their extraction point was compromised.
Castle : You said Hayley left wesley to die.
UNK: Yes. well, I might've exaggerated a bit to make a point.
Mallory : Truth is, wesley was late to the rendezvous,
Mallory : and MI6 command made the call.
Beckett : That's why Hayley left MI6.
Beckett : She felt that they betrayed wesley and condemned him to die.
Mallory : Which brings us to our current dilemma.
Mallory : Hayley and wesley were thick as thieves.
Mallory : More loyal to each other than the service.
Castle : What are you saying?
Mallory : That it would appear
Mallory : they have teamed up once again to have their retribution.
Castle : - You're wrong. - Am I, Mr. Castle?
Mallory : Then tell me, why has Hayley suddenly disappeared?
Hayley : I don't understand.
UNK: They showed me proofyou were dead.