Castle : - Oh, Mother, new autograph? - Yeah.
Castle : Nice. Conveys wisdom, insight. I like it.
UNK: AII right. Just need my car keys
Castle : and I'm off to the Manchester Energy building.
Hayley : Wait. Murder at Manchester Energy? Who's the victim?
UNK: AII they said was "dead male."
Hayley : Ah. You know, Rick,
UNK: I have never seen you in action at an NYPD crime scene.
Castle : Well, perhaps you'd like to tag along,
Castle : watch the crime scene Jedi Master at work?
Hayley : Please tell me you do not refer to yourself as that.
Hayley : Do you? Really?
Castle : Perhaps you should come watch another time.
Beckett : No, no, no.
UNK: Lead on, Castle-wan Kenobi. You are my only hope.
Castle : I like that. But save it. Save it for the guys.
Esposito : Hayley? what happened?
Esposito : Did you lose a bet
Esposito : and now Castle gets to drag you everywhere he goes?
Castle : Quite the contrary,
Castle : Hayley actually wanted to watch me solve yet another murder.
UNK: You mean help solve. You help.
Esposito : Yeah, remember, bro, you cannot solve a homicide without us.
Ryan : But we sure as hell can solve one without you.
UNK: Really?
Hayley : Because on the ride over, Rick was bragging
Hayley : about how the NYPD can't close a case unless...
UNK: Ah, those were justjokes. Out of context, it's not as...
Castle : I was rolling my eyes when I said it.
Castle : Thank you for stabbing me in the back.
Lanie : You weren't the only one.
Lanie : Our victim took his right between his T4 and T5 vertebrae.
Lanie : Severed his spinal cord. Died instantly.
Castle : I'm guessing from his outfit, he wasn't an employee.
Esposito : Most likely he's some kind of thief.
UNK: A pretty good one at that.
Ryan : None of the security was tripped, all the cameras were shut down.
Castle : Was anything stolen? What's there to steal?
Ryan : I mean, this is an energy company office building.
UNK: The only thing ofvalue are the furniture and the computers.
Hayley : May I?
Esposito : Clearly we're helpless.
UNK: So, come on, Castle, please solve this case for us.
Castle : Well, the only thing we know for sure is...
UNK: He was killed at 3 : 27 a.m.
Lanie : - Very good, Hayley. - Whoa! wait, what?
Castle : - How did you know that? - Broken watch.
UNK: He must've busted it when he hit the ground.
Ryan : Esposito, we have Hayley. What do we need Castle for?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Super funny, guys.
Castle : That was lucky.
Castle : And I can still help ID this victim. Thank you very much.
Castle : Lanie, run a fingerprint scan.
UNK: Okay, look, Castle, I don't know what all of this is about,
Lanie : but I don't tell you how to write your books,
Lanie : so don't tell me how to ID a body.
Lanie : I've already performed a scan.
UNK: I'm just waiting forthe results.
UNK: Uh. Do you think it's possible to identify the victim
Hayley : from the purchase of these mints?
Castle : I guess we could.
Castle : It's far more efficient to use a fingerprint scan...
UNK: Unidentified Woman : Oh! Oh!
UNK: I just bollixed up a piece of evidence. I'm so sorry.
Castle : Rookie move, right?
Esposito : Because you've never touched anything at a crime scene.
Lanie : Make note that this is contaminated with Hayley's prints.
Hayley : I'm so sorry.
UNK: Ah!
Ryan : Here we go, we got an ID on our victim.