Hayley : It was lace with black leather. why?
Castle : - Narrows it down. Padded? - No.
Castle : - Back or front clasps? - Back.
Hayley : Clasps and buckles.
Hayley : And it had a metal ring on the front with snaps.
Hayley : Actually, yes.
Castle : La Seductrice.
Hayley : That's it. That's the one!
Alexis : Hey, Dad, should I even ask?
UNK: - Nikki Heat research. - Yeah.
Castle : Well, there's only one La Seductrice in New York.
Castle : I will email this to Espo and Ryan,
Castle : see if they can track her down by her unmentionables.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Hayley : Oh. Damn it. I recognize him. He's MI6.
Castle : I guess the FBI aren't the only ones investigating.
Castle : - You guys get in the panic room. - Yeah.
Mallory : Hello, Mr. Castle, the name's Stephen Mallory.
Castle : Do you mean Agent Mallory, MI6?
Mallory : Well, I wonder how you knew that.
Castle : Lucky guess. Do come in.
Mallory : Lovely decor. Retro but chic.
UNK: Mmm. Thank you,
Castle : but I assume Her Majesty's Secret Service
Castle : isn't interested in my interior designer.
Mallory : No. However, your business partner interests us greatly.
Castle : Well, I haven't seen Hayley since this morning.
UNK: Mr. Castle, I must find Miss Shipton before it's too late.
Mallory : Before I can no longer help her.
Castle : Well, Hayley left MI6 for a reason.
Castle : I doubt she needs your kind of help, Agent Mallory.
UNK: You may think you know Miss Shipton, but in fact, you do not.
UNK: - Could've fooled me. - I'm sure she has.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Tell me, did Miss Shipton ever tell you why she left MI6?
Castle : Something about holiday bonuses and bad fish and chips.
UNK: Charming.
Castle : Look, despite what you think, I can assure you, Hayley was framed.
Mallory : And I can assure you,
Mallory : she is the main conspirator in everything that happened today.
Castle : How can you be so sure about that?
Mallory : I have access to her confidential dossiers, Mr. Castle.
Mallory : You must trust me.
UNK: Miss Shipton is intimately involved
Mallory : in the planning and the execution of today's events.
Mallory : We have proof.
Hayley : Ignore him.
Hayley : Everything he's saying is classic counter-intelligence.
UNK: Miss Shipton was arguably
Mallory : one of the most ruthless, cold-hearted operatives
Mallory : in the history of MI6.
Mallory : Truth be told, on her final mission,
Mallory : to save her own skin, she let her own partner die.
UNK: I'd think that would be an indication
Mallory : of exactly the type of person you're dealing with.
Mallory : She might very well do the same to you.
Mallory : Or to your daughter.
Castle : Well, as I said, Agent Mallory,
Castle : as far as where Hayley is, I haven't got a clue.
UNK: Well, ifyou ever get one,
Mallory : it would be in your best interest to call.
Castle : What was all that about MI6 having proofyou're behind this?
Hayley : It's all lies.
Alexis : Even what he said about your old partner?
Alexis : That was a lie, too?
Alexis : You let your partner die?
UNK: No.
Hayley : Wesley died because...
UNK: Because...
Hayley : It's complicated.
Hayley : Look, don't let Mallory get into your head.
Hayley : You know you can trust me.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Your tip about the corset paid off.
Hayley : You found Karla?
Esposito : We reached out to that lingerie shop and ID'd our blonde.
Ryan : Her real name is Beth Wynne.
Ryan : She's a longtime grifter who has worked a lot of scams.
UNK: Interesting.
Ryan : And get this,
Ryan : one of her aliases just checked into a motel at 153rd by JFK.
UNK: We're headed there rightnow.
UNK: We'llletyou know ifwe findher.
UNK: AII right.
Beckett : Where are you going? I thought you were staying out of sight.
Hayley : She killed my friend. I'm going to be there for the arrest.
Castle : Not alone you're not.
Ryan : Hayley, you're not supposed to be here.