UNK: No.
Wesley : I just wished I was.
Hayley : What did they do to you?
Wesley : You know me, I hate taking orders. So sometimes I refused.
Wesley : But they never liked that.
Wesley : Sometimes I wished they'd just finished me off.
Wesley : There was times I tried to myself.
Hayley : - Wes, I'm sorry. - Don't be.
Wesley : See, you're the person that got me through it all.
Wesley : Know how?
Wesley : Our plan.
Wesley : Kept me going for six years.
Wesley : Gave me the will to escape.
UNK: You keep saying "our plan," but I...
Wesley : Our bloody retirement plan! Come on, Hayls.
Wesley : We used to talk all the time
UNK: about how ifwe survived the Queen's service,
Wesley : we'd spend the rest of our days traveling the world in style.
Esposito : You remember?
Hayley : - $10 million each. - Ha.
Wesley : Have you checked your bank account lately?
UNK: Now you have it, and so do I.
Wesley : You passed the test.
Hayley : This was all a loyalty test?
Wesley : It was the only way to know.
UNK: I had to put the target on your back
Wesley : and make sure you wouldn't capitulate to the authorities.
Wesley : But you didn't.
Hayley : Wesley, you murdered people, you killed Bryce.
Wesley : You're damn right I did!
Wesley : He and Her Majesty's Kingdom abandoned me,
Wesley : so they had to be punished.
Hayley : Which is why you sent our worm to plunge London into darkness.
Hayley : Oh, wes...
Hayley : Your captors drove you mad.
Wesley : How can you, of all people, say that to me?
Wesley : They had it coming.
Wesley : They all did.
Wesley : Don't you see that?
Hayley : Wesley, I'm sorry.
Hayley : I'm so, so sorry.
UNK: But I have to take you in.
Mallory : The rendezvous was pre-determined.
UNK: Pre-determined
Mallory : because Hayley and wesley are in league with one another.
Castle : They are not working together.
UNK: But they were. At one point they were partners, for years,
Castle : working various black ops, maybe even one here in New York.
Beckett : Where they had an old safe house or a staging area,
Beckett : someplace that they both knew about and could trust.
Hayley : Okay, look, I can neither confirm nor deny
Mallory : MI6 has ever carried out any operations on US soil.
Castle : Yeah, yeah, yeah, just tell us where it is.
Wesley : I am shocked, Hayley.
UNK: You always used to kick my arse whenever we sparred back in the day.
Hayley : So what's the plan, wesley?
UNK: You're going to torture me Iike they did you?
Wesley : I would never do that to a friend, I'll make it quick.
Wesley : It was fun for a moment, though, wasn't it?
Wesley : The thought of us together again.
Hayley : Do you know why we were such effective spies?
Hayley : Because we lived for the rush of the mission.
Wesley : We were willing to die for that high.
Hayley : And we were wrong.
Hayley : After a lifetime of not letting anyone in, not even each other,
Hayley : I found people who tore down my walls.
Hayley : I found a family.
Hayley : And they're wonderful.
Wesley : So that's why I gave you such a kicking,
Wesley : you've went and got soft on me, Hayley.
Hayley : Wesley, don't do this. Let me help you.
Wesley : Help me?
Wesley : Love, you're not in a position to help yourself.
Hayley : Listen, I was your friend once.
Hayley : Arguably, the only one you've ever had in your entire life.
Esposito : So please, Iet me be your friend once again.
Wesley : The only friend I need
Wesley : is my $10 million, and perhaps yours.
UNK: Wesley.
UNK: Wesley.
UNK: Wesley. Don't. No!
UNK: No!
UNK: Wesley Connors! NYPD! Police!
UNK: Drop the knife now! Hey!
Castle : Easy. Easy.
UNK: - Are you okay? - Yeah.
Hayley : There are secret exits that only wesley and I know about.
UNK: He's going to double-back and disappear.
UNK: He went that way! wait.
Hayley : Damn it.
UNK: Wesley!
Hayley : Let me see your hands.
Hayley : Drop the knife.
Wesley : There's only one way this is going to end.
UNK: Stop!
Wesley : Either you die, or I die.
Hayley : - Wesley, don't make me do this. - Come on, Hayls.
Wesley : - You killed me once already. - Don't.
UNK: - I hated myselffor leaving you. - Water under the bridge, darling.
Wesley : And whatever happens in the next 10 seconds, no regrets.