Wesley : For me it's freedom or death.
Hayley : Wesley, please.
Wesley : - Good-bye, Hayley. - Wesley, no!
Hayley : Oh, God.
UNK: Hayley.
Castle : You had no choice.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Hayley.
UNK: Hey. BECKETT : Hey.
Esposito : Nice job smoothing things over with the feds for Hayley.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it didn't hurt that they were able to take credit
Beckett : for closing down a terrorism case, so...
Ryan : Oh... Let there be light.
Ryan : That was fast.
Beckett : Since Hayley co-created the worm,
Beckett : she knew exactly how to help the UK authorities defeat it.
UNK: AII's well that ends well.
Beckett : Speaking of endings,
Beckett : I can't think of a better way to end this day
Beckett : than by downing a few ice-cold ones with my lead detectives.
UNK: - How about it? Okay. - Yeah.
Ryan : - You're buying, right? - Let's do it.
Alexis : - Exactly. - AII right.
UNK: Got that captain look...
Castle : well done.
Mallory : I heard you were single malt fans.
Mallory : From Her Majesty's special reserve.
Mallory : She truly appreciates everyone's discretion in this matter.
Castle : Well, one does not want to insult the Queen.
Mallory : I come bearing another gift.
Mallory : An offer to return to service.
Mallory : MI6's door is wide open to you, Agent Shipton.
Mallory : What do you say?
Hayley : I say
Hayley : piss off, mate.
UNK: Well, ifyou ever change your mind, you know where to find us.
Castle : - Fat chance. But thank the Queen. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: - Are you all right? - Sure, I'm fine.
Castle : You don't have to mourn your friends alone, you know.
Alexis : You don't have to do anything alone, ever again.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : A red rose for the lady.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: In Spanish, lo siento. In Latin, mea culpa.
Beckett : Okay. You're apologizing. I get it.
Castle : Yes. Because I have been keeping something from you.
Castle : That your subconscious mind picked up on
Castle : and caused you to have a dream that I betrayed you in some way.
Beckett : Castle, I thought that we said
UNK: we weren't going to keep any more secrets.
Castle : I know, and I just...
Castle : I consider this more of a surprise than a secret.
UNK: But I should've known better
Castle : than to try and surprise the world's greatest detective.
Castle : After Batman.
Beckett : What's behind the sheet?
Castle : Kate, you've been going through a lot of changes
Castle : these past few years. You gave up your place.
Castle : You got married, and you became a captain.
UNK: But some of the things you love have fallen by the wayside,
Castle : including one thing that's been gathering dust in your father's garage.
Castle : - You didn't. - I did.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : I had it completely restored.
UNK: I...
Castle : Sit on it.
Beckett : I... I just...
Castle : I think you should take the bike on a cross-country trip.
Castle : It's something you've always wanted to do.
Beckett : This is amazing. I love this.
UNK: But I don't want to do this alone.
Beckett : - Why don't you get some lessons? - I was hoping you'd say that.
UNK: Because I already got my license and I bought a bike.
UNK: It's at the garage at the office.
UNK: - I love you. Yeah. - I love you.
Castle : Does this mean
Castle : that you won't be having any more bad dreams about me tonight?
UNK: No, 'cause we're not sleeping tonight.
UNK: Uh-uh.
Beckett : Bring the helmet.
Castle : Safety first.