UNK: Beckett cont'd : Go, go, go, go! Hey!
Sorenson : Freeze! Hands up!
UNK: Freeze! - Keep your hands up.
UNK: Turn around. On the ground!
Ryan : Hit the ground.
Beckett : So, why'd you run?
Juan : Look, in my neighborhood, when you see a cop, that's what you do.
UNK: Castle re : What, no good cop, bad fed?
Sorenson : The guy did two tours in the Gulf.
Sorenson : I go over there, he'd turn it into a pissing match.
Sorenson : But Kate,
Sorenson : she's got a way of sneaking up on people.
Castle : You mean like last night?
UNK: Can you believe this? He details cars for a living.
UNK: He could have a little more pride in his ride.
Beckett : I'm just saying.
Castle : Looked like quite a kiss.
Sorenson : - You jealous, Castle? - Me?
UNK: No. Though you have to admit, I was right.
Sorenson : You are jealous.
Sorenson : That I hooked her.
Castle : What's there to be jealous of? You couldn't reel her in.
Sorenson : We'll see about that.
UNK: I was 18 when Lucia got pregnant.
Juan : Six months in, I got deployed.
Juan : I never even had the chance to see her.
Beckett : But you signed the adoption papers.
Juan : You know, when you're over there, you see so many kids.
Todd : I just...
Juan : I needed to know she was okay.
Juan : I filled out the form and I put Lucia's name instead.
Beckett : You got an address.
Juan : Dude felt bad for me.
UNK: He was over there, too, in Gulf I, and he only lost an arm.
Beckett : And what'd you lose?
Juan : An IED hit my Humvee.
Juan : Shrapnel tore through the floor.
Juan : Doc says I'm never gonna have kids of my own, so
Juan : I got an address and I went to go see my daughter.
Beckett : So you kidnap her and you ask her adoptive parents for money?
Juan : Wait, "Kidnap her"? She was kidnapped?
Juan : And you think I did that?
Juan : All I ever wanted to know was that she was okay!
Castle : Is she?
Esposito : Yo. Birth dad. Story checks out.
Esposito : Limo company had him doing their fleet yesterday.
Theresa : I don't care. He had motive and opportunity.
Castle : His motive was the instinct of fatherhood.
Castle : If he took her, he'd have been with her, not at some $ 12-an-hour detailing job.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : Doesn't matter. I want ESU on his place.
Beckett : It's not him, Will.
UNK: We're at square freaking one and we've got nothing.
Beckett : You can send ESU wherever you want, but I'm not losing this one.
UNK: What'd she mean, "not losing this one"?
Sorenson : The case we worked.
Castle : I thought you got the guy.
Sorenson : We did, but
Sorenson : the kid was already dead.
UNK: Sorenson.
UNK: On my way.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Another call about the ransom.
UNK: They asked for 75 packs of $ 100s
UNK: with randomized serial numbers
UNK: and warned against bait money, dye packs and trackers.
Castle : Sounds like they know your playbook.
UNK: Fbi Tech crawford : They were detailed, down to the make, model and color of the backpack.
Beckett : - Drop instructions? We wait for their call.
Sorenson : All right, let's get the money set and be ready to make the drop.
Alfred : But why didn't they tell us where to bring the money?
Beckett : They're testing you. It's not unusual.
UNK: Which means, before we make the drop, we'll need to test them.
UNK: We'll need proof that they have Angela and that she's okay.
Alfred : What if they don't give any?
Alfred : - What if they refuse? - How can you think that?
Beckett : - I'm just saying... - You think she's dead?
Alfred : - No. Of course not. - I should've gotten up.
Theresa : I shouldn't have let you watch her. Don't tell me what to say!
Theresa : Tell me, Alfred, was it worth it? Was it worth our little girl?
UNK: Castle cont'd : Oh, my God...