UNK: Come here, sweetie.
Beckett : Here you go, Crawford. - Thank you.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Here we go.
Alfred : What did you do?
UNK: I worked 14-hour days year after year, killing myself so that we can have a life.
Theresa : And what did you do?
Theresa : Oh, you painted.
Theresa : - All you did was paint. - That's not true.
Theresa : Really? What about that job you said that you were going to get
Theresa : so that I could cut my hours?
Alfred : - I was taking care of Angela. - Taking care?
Theresa : You left her there in front of the TV. Every day!
Theresa : Do you know how many times I woke up to her screams
Theresa : because he was in that room, blasting the music in his ears?
Beckett : It doesn't give you the right to kidnap your own child.
Theresa : How is it kidnapping? She's my daughter.
Beckett : Mrs. Candela, you had your sister
Beckett : climb through that window and take her.
Theresa : I gave her permission.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : It doesn't matter.
Beckett : You violated your husband's custodial rights.
Beckett : Custodial rights?
UNK: He didn't even notice that she was gone.
UNK: What kind of a father does that to his two-year-old child?
Alfred : Why would you do this? Why would you put us through that?
UNK: I mean, for God's sake, why not just divorce me?
Theresa : Oh, so that you can sue me for alimony?
Theresa : So that you can get half of everything?
Theresa : So that you can get custody of Angela
Theresa : because I'm at work all day and you can "be there for her"?
UNK: No.
Theresa : I've seen what happens to the guys at work. What happened to Doug Ellers.
Theresa : No way was that gonna happen to me.
Castle : You were paying the ransom to yourself.
Theresa : Once Angela returned,
Theresa : I would file for the papers.
Theresa : There would be nothing left for him to take.
Beckett : And if Angela was kidnapped when Alfred was taking care of her, then...
Theresa : The lawyer said that if I could prove him negligent, I would get custody.
Theresa : I wouldn't have to move out of the apartment that I paid for
Theresa : so that he could live here with my daughter.
Theresa : Do you know how hard it was to adopt her?
Theresa : How much it cost?
Theresa : Ten years!
Theresa : How many paintings have you sold, Alfred?
UNK: Huh?
Theresa : How many?
Alfred : How could you hate me so much?
Theresa : You made it easy.
Sorenson : So, how do you think she'll do?
Beckett : Well, it depends on how many mothers are on the jury.
UNK: So,
Sorenson : now that it's over,
Sorenson : now that I'm back, I was
Sorenson : thinking, maybe we could give it another shot.
Beckett : And when you leave again?
Sorenson : You come with me.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Think about it.
Castle : Nice guy.
Castle : I can see how it wouldn't work, though.
Martha : - Really? - Sure.
Beckett : - Huh. - Handsome,
Castle : square-jawed, by-the-book.
Beckett : And that's a bad thing?
Castle : Yeah, he's like the male you.
UNK: Yin needs Yang, not another Yin.
UNK: Yin-Yang is harmony.
UNK: Yin-Yin is
Castle : a name for a panda.
Beckett : - Any more wisdom, Obi-Wan? - Nope.
Castle : That's it for today. What say we celebrate by going out for a drink?
UNK: I can't. I got a date.
Castle : A date? You date?
UNK: Who?
UNK: That's why it's called "private life. " Because it's private.
Beckett : Unlike you, I don't live my life on "Page Six. "
Castle : Well, you're a mysterious woman, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Maybe there's a little more Nikki Heat in me than you think.