Sorenson : A couple dozen bestsellers doesn't make you a criminologist.
Castle : I also don't need a weatherman to tell me that the sky is blue.
UNK: Oh, for God sakes,
Beckett : why don't you both just drop your pants and get it over with?
Castle : I'm game.
Beckett : The fact is, you're both right. He probably didn't do it,
Beckett : but when a child's life is at stake, we have to be sure.
Beckett : We have to question everything we think we know.
Beckett : You guys, keep Ellers on ice until we can trace every second of his morning.
Beckett : Will, you and I are going back to the Candelas'.
Beckett : We're gonna profile all of their associates.
Castle : What should I do?
Beckett : I need you to go home.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : But if you need me, call.
Castle : Even if it's just to talk.
Martha : Todd, honey.
Martha : I really, really need you to focus on calibrating your creative energy.
UNK: Now, by creative energy, what do I mean?
Martha : I mean the source of your power.
Martha : The source of your power, Todd, is you.
Castle : - Howdy, Mother. - Hello.
Martha : Well, you're here.
Martha : I'm just finishing up a session in my office.
Castle : I'm so flattered you have my framed book covers in your office.
Martha : Well, a coach can never be too proud.
UNK: Mr. Castle, I just wanted to thank you for being so
Todd : honest about your struggle with persistent and chronic writer's block.
Sorenson : - Excuse me? - Well, Todd is an aspiring novelist,
Todd : so I shared with him your inspiring tale of triumph over adversity.
Castle : Well, how courageous of me.
Castle : - Good luck, Todd. - Thanks.
Todd : I'll take the year-long package.
Martha : Way to be decisive, kiddo.
Martha : - Good for you. I'll see you next week. - Nice meeting you.
Martha : - And remember, you is who you is. - Right.
Martha : And if you ain't who you is, who is you?
Castle : Well, nice to see all those years as an actress have really paid off.
Castle : "Focus on calibrating your creative energies"?
Martha : I'll have you know, Todd is a very bright spirit in need of direction.
Castle : Mother, it's bad enough that you're slandering me.
Castle : Do you have to commandeer my office to do your New Age coddle session?
Martha : Richard, you can't expect me to pay Manhattan rates for office space.
Castle : Well, how about this? You cannot beat this location.
Castle : Proximity to beverages and sharp utensils.
Martha : Sweetheart, as your life coach,
UNK: I have to urge you to say "nay" to your inner naysayer.
Martha : I call that a Martha-ism.
Castle : How is it that you don't know who my father is,
Castle : you don't know how your ex-husband stole all your money,
Castle : yet you are giving life-coaching advice?
Martha : Mistakes are the building blocks of wisdom. A Martha-ism.
Martha : Besides, Freud was an addict. It didn't stop him from helping people.
Castle : Sadly, faced with his mother's twisted, yet unimpeachable, logic,
Castle : Richard Castle's head exploded.
Beckett : Ah, well.
Martha : So, why are you home so early?
Castle : Well, thought I'd take a little breather. Working on a kidnapping case.
Castle : A little girl.
Martha : No wonder you're so surly.
Martha : Those poor parents, having a child ripped away.
Martha : I can't imagine how they must feel.
Castle : - Is Alexis home? - She's upstairs.
Castle : - Feeling a deep-seated need for a hug. - Perfectly understandable.
Martha : After all, we are pod-mates. Another Martha-ism.
UNK: I call it the pea-pod bond.
Martha : You know, the bond that exists between parent and child,
Martha : you and me, you and Alexis.
Martha : We're all peas in a pod, and, whether we like it or not,
Martha : everyone who's ever had a child is in the pod forever.
UNK: - The pea-pod bond. - Yeah.
Castle : - Alexis! Thank you, Mother. - Oh.
Castle : I'll deduct my session fee from your rent.
Martha : What? Whoa, whoa. You might want to consider the year-long package.