Sorenson : So far, we've pinged the phone to a 20-block radius
Sorenson : on the Lower East Side. We'll need another few hours to narrow it down.
Sorenson : In the meantime, I moved a team into the area.
Sorenson : They'll work the streets. Be ready to move when we have more information.
Beckett : - Thanks. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : You okay?
Castle : I keep thinking, if only I saw who took that bag...
Beckett : Well, that wasn't your job.
UNK: I can't imagine anything like this ever happening to Alexis.
Beckett : We'll get her back soon.
Sorenson : Not as soon as we hoped.
Sorenson : They must've found it and taken the batteries out.
Sorenson : We just lost the signal from the phone.
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : What are you doing up? Stressed about finals?
Alexis : American lit's today.
Alexis : I was having nightmares about Hester Prynne.
UNK: Ah.
Castle : The irony for you is, not getting an "A" would cause you shame.
Alexis : So why are you up?
Castle : Looking for a white rabbit.
Castle : I'm not sure yet.
Alexis : What did Beckett tell you about taking phone photos at the crime scene?
Castle : I don't know, I wasn't listening.
UNK: Castle cont'd : - See all the stuffed animals on the bed? - Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : It looks just like mine used to.
Alexis : Remember when I had all those animals?
Castle : If by "remember when" you mean Monkey-Bunkey, who has been washed
Castle : so many times he looks like roadkill now, then yes.
UNK: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Castle : Oh, then you won't mind, next time I see him, if I throw him out.
Alexis : - Don't you dare. Don't. - I won't. I won't.
Castle : I won't. I won't.
Beckett : - Okay. - Okay.
Alexis : So you think the bunny has something to do with the case.
Castle : Well, I'll let you know when I go down the rabbit hole.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Go back to sleep.
Castle : What are you doing?
Castle : When Alexis was little,
Castle : she had a stuffed monkey that she could not live without.
UNK: One time we went on vacation, she forgot to pack him.
UNK: I bought her another one, but she knew it was not Monkey-Bunkey.
Beckett : - So? - So,
Castle : there's two more pictures of her clutching this bunny out there.
Castle : So where's the bunny?
Beckett : You think whoever took Angela knew her well enough to take the bunny, too?
Beckett : But we already checked the Candelas' list.
Beckett : Couple of teenage babysitters, a cleaning lady.
Beckett : They're all being cleared.
Castle : Only not all babysitters are teenagers. Sometimes they're people close to us.
Castle : Sometimes they're family.
Castle : When did we lose the signal on the phone?
Beckett : Right after we told the Candelas we were tracking it.
Beckett : Theresa's sister, Nina. You got an address?
Sorenson : Nina Mendoza, you're under arrest for the kidnapping of Angela Candela.
Esposito : Taking your own niece. Put your hands behind your back.
Ryan : You have the right to remain silent.
UNK: - Anything you say or do can be used... - Hello, Angela.
Ryan : ...against you in a court of law. - I'm so happy to see you.
Ryan : - You have the right to an attorney... - You wanna go and see Mommy?
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Come on, baby. Look at you.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Hello. Hi, beautiful.
UNK: You want to grab your pink rabbit? Look at the rabbit.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Oh, my God.
UNK: Angie!
UNK: Oh, God. You look perfect, just perfect!
UNK: Lucia cont'd : - Is she okay? - She's fine. Yeah.
UNK: Honey, what are you doing?
UNK: She's here! She's home!
UNK: What is it? What's wrong?
Beckett : What's going on?
UNK: Crawford,
UNK: can you take Angela?