Theresa : No one who would do something like this.
Alfred : What about Doug Ellers?
Beckett : Who's Doug Ellers?
UNK: Someone I used to work with. But, no, I can't imagine...
UNK: What about those messages he left you at work?
UNK: Remember, you filed those complaints with HR?
Theresa : I know what happened, Alfred.
Sorenson : Mrs. Candela, I know how hard this is.
Sorenson : It's understandable to get frustrated, but please.
Sorenson : We need to know everything.
Theresa : Ellers ran an asset management group.
Theresa : They weren't performing, so I let him go.
Sorenson : Did he ever threaten you?
Theresa : Well, he blamed me for his divorce.
Theresa : He said his wife left him because I fired him, and...
Beckett : And what?
UNK: And she took his two kids.
Beckett : Where'd you find him? In line at Off-Track Betting.
Esposito : ESU just hit his apartment. No trace of the kid.
Sorenson : That's not good.
Sorenson : Pressure interview. I'll take the lead.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: No.
Beckett : - He'll be fine, Will. - Kate.
Sorenson : I don't care how big a fan of his you are.
Sorenson : He doesn't come in the room.
Castle : Fine. That's fine.
Castle : Just for the record, though, how big a fan is she?
Ryan : Come on, Castle. Come watch from the bleachers with us.
Ryan : See how the Feebees do it.
Beckett : Mr. Ellers, Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Sorenson : Special Agent Sorenson, FBI.
UNK: Theresa Candela? What's going on?
Ellers : What did she say about me?
Sorenson : Let's talk about
Sorenson : what you said to her.
Sorenson : You left that three months ago,
Sorenson : just after your wife left.
Ellers : Yeah? So?
Ellers : - Every word of it's true. - It's harassment.
UNK: What, she gonna press charges now?
Sorenson : Yeah. Kidnapping, assault, breaking and entering.
Ellers : What? Kidnapped?
Sorenson : Hurting someone else's child isn't the way to get back your own.
Ellers : No, no, no. This is not me.
Ellers : Theresa may not be my favorite person,
Ellers : but I would never harm a child.
Beckett : Your ex-wife wasn't so sure. According to your divorce papers,
Beckett : - there were allegations of violence. - My ex-wife was looking for a payday.
Ellers : That's all.
Sorenson : You're not looking for a payday, are you, Mr. Ellers?
Ellers : You have the wrong guy.
UNK: Run him down. Where he was all morning, who can vouch.
Castle : Pretty clear it wasn't him.
Sorenson : You a mind reader, too?
Castle : Come on. If he was your guy, he'd be downplaying his feelings
Castle : for Theresa, not wearing them on his sleeve.