Ryan : Okay. Get it all out.
Ryan : - This is a gift from my girlfriend. - Girlfriend?
Ryan : Today's our two-week anniversary.
Esposito : Two weeks. Is that the paper or the silk?
Castle : - I believe it's the whipped. - Good one.
UNK: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
UNK: One child, Angela Candela, age two. Adopted.
Beckett : - Adopted? - Yeah, two years ago.
Ryan : Mom, Theresa, she's a fund manager at Keller Stanton.
Ryan : Dad's a small-time artist,
Ryan : shows at the Grayson Gallery in Chelsea once in a while.
Ryan : Neighbor says he stays home with the kid.
UNK: All right, here's a list of all the people who had access to the apartment.
UNK: Babysitters, cleaning lady, super. Let's cross-reference that with any
UNK: registered sex offenders in the area, see if anyone had a thing for little girls.
Esposito : You thinking there's some creepy-crawler,
Esposito : probably scouted from the inside.
Beckett : Well, the father said what he did this morning was part of a routine.
Beckett : So, either somebody got lucky, or they already knew it.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Yeah, we'll be right there.
Beckett : Looks like it wasn't a creepy-crawler, after all.
Beckett : Candelas just got a ransom call.
Sorenson : They used an Internet voice over IP service.
Beckett : Meaning it's untraceable.
Sorenson : Can you raise the 750?
Theresa : It's everything we have.
Alfred : If it means getting Angela back, we'll pay.
Sorenson : Then you should start getting your financial records together.
Beckett : Mrs. Candela, is there anyone that you know that can help you?
Beckett : An accountant, or maybe someone at your firm?
Alfred : Nina could help.
Alfred : - Nina? - My sister. She's a CPA.
UNK: But even if we give them the money,
Alfred : how can we be sure we'll get her back?
Sorenson : You have to have hope.
Sorenson : You have to imagine your little girl walking through that front door,
Sorenson : safe and sound.
Sorenson : Your daughter needs you right now. She needs you to have faith.
Sorenson : To be strong.
Castle : You do this a lot?
UNK: Kidnappings?
Castle : You seem to know what to say.
UNK: It's not about what you say.
UNK: It's about controlling the situation, controlling the emotions.
UNK: You requested your ex-girlfriend for the task force.
UNK: That doesn't indicate, to me, a control of your emotions.
Sorenson : I requested Beckett because she's the best in the city.
Castle : Not because you wanted to see her again?
Sorenson : How about you, Castle?
UNK: You've written, what, 20 bestsellers?
Castle : Well, 26, but who's counting?
Sorenson : Why the sudden need to shadow a real detective?
Castle : Well, the ones on TV seem oddly fixated on their sunglasses.
Sorenson : So, with all the fat, balding detectives in the NYPD,
Sorenson : you just happen to end up shadowing her?
Castle : Must be fate.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Must be.
Beckett : Candelas have pulled their financials.
Beckett : Her sister's on the way.
Beckett : Anything on the transcripts?
Sorenson : It's clear the ransom demand has significance.
Sorenson : Kidnappers make an issue about knowing what the Candelas have.
Castle : They said it's everything they have.
Sorenson : Whoever made the demand knows them well enough
Sorenson : to know exactly what they're worth.
Beckett : How does it look?
Theresa : Detective, Agent Sorenson. This is my sister, Nina.
Nina : It's doable. We'll market the stocks tomorrow morning.
Nina : We'll have to wipe out the retirement account and both pensions.
Nina : And you'll have to pay penalties.
Theresa : Well, I don't care. Whatever it takes.
Theresa : He paints when he's stressed.
Castle : Does he sell much?
UNK: Some.
Nina : That's generous.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Why do you ask?
Castle : I don't know many artists with their own pension account.
Nina : Theresa set up the account for him.
Nina : So he'd have something for him and Angela, you know, if something...
Castle : - Tell me... Mrs. Candela,
Sorenson : we think the specificity of the amount of the ransom demand
Sorenson : suggests the kidnappers had knowledge of your finances.
Beckett : Was there anyone who might have had a grudge against you,
Beckett : or maybe someone close to you who needed the money now?