Martha : It's a bargain.
Alexis : - What was that for? - Just a pea-pod thing.
UNK: Grandma'll explain.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Sorenson re : Hey, yourself. Want some?
Beckett : Yeah, thanks.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : So, I just got word from my guys, and Ellers is a dead end.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : The owner over at Paradise Diner on East 62nd vouched that he was
UNK: Beckett cont'd : having his usual poached eggs this morning.
Sorenson : Would have been too easy, right?
Sorenson : Or over-easy.
Beckett : That's like something Castle would say.
Sorenson : You like him.
Beckett : No. I just...
Beckett : I don't know, I think he's interesting.
Sorenson : So you're not...
UNK: Together?
UNK: No.
Sorenson : I meant to call.
Sorenson : Must've picked up the phone a dozen times.
Beckett : Yeah, I know. You meant to do a lot of things.
Beckett : That's why you left, remember?
Sorenson : Boston was a great opportunity.
Beckett : I'm not saying that it wasn't. I'm just saying it was a choice
Beckett : that didn't include me.
Sorenson : - You could've come. - And then done what?
Beckett : Join the Boston PD, and then you have to move to Phoenix
Beckett : and then Cleveland. And then you're back here.
Beckett : I mean, we both know what that life is all about.
Sorenson : Didn't stop me from missing you.
Sorenson : Missing us.
Sorenson : Sundays in the park.
Sorenson : Those ridiculous neon ice skates at Rockefeller Center.
Martha : I will have you know that those ice skates are awesome.
Sorenson : It wasn't the skates.
UNK: Will, I'm...
Castle : Oh, I thought cops and feds hated each other.
UNK: Castle cont'd : They say justice never sleeps. I think I know why.
Beckett : - We were just... - Being consenting adults.
Castle : I'm not judging.
Beckett : - I thought I told you to go home. - I did go home,
Castle : but then my mother told me something that couldn't wait.
Sorenson : You live with your mother?
Castle : Yeah. Apparently, we're peas in a pod. But the important point is,
Castle : - Angela's adopted. - So?
Castle : So, prior to giving up her baby, the birth mother would've been given
Castle : background on the Candelas.
Castle : Specifically, their ability to support the child.
Beckett : - Knowledge of their finances. Mmm-hmm.
Sorenson : Really, Kate?
Sorenson : We're going to waste time on the insights of Nancy Drew here?
Castle : Is that supposed to be an insult?
Castle : Because Nancy Drew solved every case.
Castle : Look, okay, and I'm quoting here,
Castle : "When a child's life is at stake, we have to be sure.
UNK: "Which means we have to question everything we think we know. "
Sorenson : Two years is still a long time to think about
Sorenson : a decision you made when you were 16.
Lucia : What am I doing here? What is this about?
Beckett : We're talking about the baby and your regretting your decision.
Lucia : My decision?
Lucia : Well, I don't regret my decision.
Sorenson : Then why did you try to find her?
Lucia : What are you talking about?
Beckett : This is a petition that you filed with the adoption agency
Beckett : a couple of months ago.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : It's a form requesting the identity of the adoptive parents of Angela.
Sorenson : A signed form.
Lucia : No. That's not my signature.
Beckett : - Lucia, I'm not... - No, really.
Lucia : Look, you can see for yourself.
Lucia : That's not my signature.
UNK: Lucia cont'd : Why? What's going on?
UNK: Lucia cont'd : What happened to her? Is she okay?
Beckett : Did anyone in your family object to you giving up your baby?
Lucia : No, no one. My mom even helped me with it.
Sorenson : And the father?
UNK: Juan?
Lucia : Uh, he was in Iraq when I had her,
Lucia : but we talked about it.
Lucia : He was cool.
Beckett : Are you sure about that?
Sorenson : Is he still in Iraq?
UNK: No, he got back a couple of months ago.
Beckett : Juan Restrepo?
UNK: Beckett cont'd : NYPD, we'd like to ask you some...