Beckett : Mrs. Candela?
Beckett : Theresa, you can't give in to your fear.
Beckett : Neither you nor your husband is responsible for what happened.
Ryan : Come on.
Sorenson : Remember, no proof, no money. We need to be firm on that.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Okay, here we go.
Theresa : I understand.
Theresa : Yes. 750, like you said.
UNK: Ask for proof that Angela's okay.
Theresa : You won't get any money until I know my little girl is okay.
Theresa : Hi, sweetheart!
Sorenson : Once they get paid, there's no incentive to keep her alive.
Sorenson : So I'll make the drop.
Sorenson : Figure we'll place our people at a one-block radius from the mailbox.
Alfred : No. They said no cops.
Sorenson : It's okay. I've done this before. They won't know I'm an FBI agent.
Alfred : And if they do?
Beckett : Mr. Candela, we need this to go as smoothly as possible.
Alfred : She's my daughter and we're going to follow their instructions to the letter.
Alfred : They said no cops.
UNK: Look,
Alfred : I'm her father
Alfred : and I can do this.
Alfred : Do I make myself clear?
Sorenson : No way we can send the father.
Sorenson : Too many things could go wrong. He's too emotional.
Beckett : What choice do we have?
UNK: Me. - What?
Castle : I'm not a cop.
Castle : I'm certainly not emotional.
Sorenson : No. Absolutely not.
Castle : The NYPD already has a signed waiver from me.
Castle : And, I don't like saying this,
Castle : but you're running out of time.
Beckett : Castle's right.
Sorenson : - You can't be serious. - He's been with me on cases before.
Beckett : He's good under pressure.
Beckett : And he's our best shot.
Beckett : Okay, so this is usually the part where I ask if you've thought this through,
Beckett : and then I remembered you don't think things through.
Castle : Cold hands. Cold hands.
Beckett : These people are dangerous, Castle. You need to stay alert and focused.
Castle : "Alert and focused," got it.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Maybe if you just rub them together for a second...
UNK: Castle cont'd : Wait, alert and what?
UNK: Castle cont'd : I'm just kidding.
UNK: Fbi Tech crawford : - You're good to go. - Thanks.
Castle : Hey. It's gonna be okay.
Beckett : Look, about last night, what happened in the kitchen, I just...
Castle : Oh, listen, you don't need to explain that, that's...
Beckett : - I don't? - Unless you want to.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: No, you know, I just figured for the character, for Nikki Heat...
Castle : I think I understand Nikki Heat better than you think I do.
Beckett : Be careful, okay?
Castle : Do I detect actual concern for my well-being?
Beckett : Screw this up and I'll kill you.
Castle : That's more like it.
Castle : Okay, I have eyes on the target. Over.