Castle : She can give us a tour tonight.
Beckett : Woo-hoo! Let's do it.
Castle : So, where are we on Watergate?
Beckett : So the plot thickens.
Beckett : The building manager at Ella's apartment
Beckett : remembers letting an exterminator into her place about a month ago.
Castle : Usually exterminators get rid of bugs.
Beckett : Only, this one didn't.
Beckett : The company that he worked for doesn't exist.
Beckett : What is this about, Castle?
Beckett : Why would someone target Ella?
Castle : Well, you already heard and rejected my theory.
Beckett : Yeah, but your theory doesn't explain the little detail that Lanie just found out.
Beckett : There's black coral on the sole of Ella's shoe.
Beckett : And it wasn't from the dumpster.
Castle : That doesn't make any sense. Black coral is found in the tropics.
UNK: Exactly. So how did this end up on her shoe?
Esposito : - Yo, Beckett. - And Castle.
UNK: Sure.
Esposito : So no luck on the serial number,
Esposito : but we got a hit off the canvass of the crime scene.
Esposito : A seamstress coming off the late shift saw a guy waiting on the corner
Esposito : right near the alley where Ella was killed.
Beckett : We get a description?
Esposito : Yeah. And he matches our sketch.
UNK: Teresa Gomez : Yes, that's him.
UNK: Teresa Gomez : He was standing by the alley outside the Broadway coffee shop
UNK: Teresa Gomez : when I walked by.
Beckett : And what time was this?
Teresa : Just after midnight.
Castle : Do you recall how tall he was? What he wore?
Teresa : Fabric is my business. He wore a dark suit.
UNK: Nice quality, wool-blend.
Teresa : Oh, and he had a distinctive striped tie.
Teresa : Crimson and navy, with gold triangles across the stripes.
Beckett : That sounds like a club tie.
Teresa : Crimson and navy. Yes, I know that one.
Teresa : Gold triangles...
Castle : That's the Carlton Club tie.
Castle : If we can match that sketch to one of its members, we got our ID.
Beckett : Yeah, except clubs like that
Beckett : are notoriously protective of keeping their members' privacy.