UNK: You and Ryan head off to her place,
Beckett : see if there's anything there that'll indicate
Beckett : - why she was here last night. - Right on.
Lillian : Ella and I went to Parsons together,
Lillian : and then we've been roommates for the past two years.
Lillian : I still can't believe this.
Esposito : When was the last time you saw her?
UNK: Umm... Yesterday morning.
UNK: She was up at 5 : 00, like always.
Lillian : And then out the door to get Matilda's coffee and cranberry scone
Lillian : on her way to the office.
Esposito : What about after work? Did you see her then?
Lillian : No. I'm a buyer at Saks, so I don't get home till late.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Did Ella have a boyfriend? Or a relationship?
UNK: SCOFFS No. She was on call for Matilda, 24l7.
Lillian : So she didn't have time for relationships.
Lillian : Or for the one thing that she really wanted to do.
UNK: Which was what?
UNK: Design.
Lillian : She hoped working at Modern Fashion would open doors for her.
Esposito : Was Ella having any problems that you know of?
UNK: Umm, she had been stressed lately, a little more than usual.
UNK: I asked her, she said it was work.
Lillian : But she didn't go into details.
RYAN : Lilian, if you don't mind,
Ryan : I'd like to have an officer come by and take your statement.
Lillian : Of course. Anything I can do to help.
UNK: BEEPS
Lillian : Oh, we don't get cell reception in here.
Lillian : You can use my landline if you like.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : Here's my card.
Esposito : If you can remember anything else, please give me a call. Okay?
Castle : - Yeah. Thank you. - PHONE DIALING TONES
UNK: STATIC INTERFERENCE
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
BECKETT : Well, this is it.
Beckett : The big leagues for anyone who wants to work in fashion.
Castle : Wow! Apparently you have to be a total hottie just to work here.
Castle : And I'm saying that as a completely detached, soon-to-be-married observer.
Beckett : - It's okay, Castle. Stare all you want. - Really?
Beckett : Actually, no. But it's kind of hard not to.
Beckett : I mean, Matilda only hires people that fit the magazine's brand.
Beckett : You have to look the part.
Castle : You seem to know a lot about Matilda King.
UNK: I've picked up a thing or two.
UNK: Hi. NYPD. We need to speak with Matilda King.
Carrie : Do you have an appointment?
Castle : I think you missed the part about the NYPD.
UNK: Please. I just took over this desk this morning.
Carrie : She's going to freak out if I add you to the schedule.
Carrie : Do you have any idea what happened to the last assistant?
Beckett : Yes, she's dead.
Carrie : Dead? What do you mean?
UNK: - MATILDA : No, no, no, no. - Oh, God, here she comes.
Matilda : I won't take no for an answer.
Matilda : You must join us on the yacht.
UNK: Giorgio will show his new collection.
UNK: Gordon Ramsay is cooking.
Matilda : Lady Gaga is performing,
Matilda : pushing the boundaries of style, no doubt in the wrong direction.
UNK: So let me know. Mwah!
Matilda : - New assistant. - It's Carrie.
Matilda : I'll learn your name when you've earned it. Here.
Carrie : These are your messages, and Julian Bruckner is waiting in your office.
Matilda : And who is this?
BECKETT : Uh...
Beckett : NYPD. We need to ask you a few questions, Ms. King.
Matilda : Kate Beckett.
Matilda : I never could forget those cheekbones.
Castle : Wait, you two know each other?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. When I was a model, for about 15 minutes.
Castle : You modeled for Modern Fashion?
Matilda : I offered her a spread in the January '99 issue.
Matilda : Nicole Kidman was on the cover.
Matilda : And you passed.
Matilda : To date, you're the only person to ever tell me "no."
UNK: I'm wall-to-wall. We'll have to reschedule.
UNK: Get ready to be told "no" again.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about your assistant, Ella Hayes.
Beckett : It cannot wait.
UNK: We'll talk in my office. Hold my calls.
Matilda : By the way, Ella is my former assistant.
Matilda : Be right with you, Julian.
UNK: Uh, so what do you mean by "former"?
Matilda : I fired her yesterday afternoon after she made a scheduling mistake