Beckett : So basically, you tried to hire her
Beckett : to get inside information on Modern Fashion.
Conway : - I wouldn't put it that way. - Well, I'm pretty sure she would,
Beckett : which is why she turned you down.
UNK: And you wouldn't take "no" for an answer.
Conway : This is a competitive business with everyone looking to get an edge.
Conway : Yes, I was aggressive in trying to make a deal,
Conway : but when she refused, I accepted that and I never contacted her again.
Beckett : Then why were you less than a block away from where she was killed
Beckett : at about the time she died?
Conway : Because she called me.
Conway : She asked me to meet her last night.
Beckett : Why would she do that?
Conway : Probably because Matilda just fired her.
Conway : The bottom line is,
Conway : she said she had bombshell information on Modern Fashion.
Conway : Information that, if it got out, it would destroy the magazine.
Beckett : Mr. Conway, I took a look at Ella's cell phone records.
Beckett : She never called you last night.
Conway : She did call, and I can prove it. She left me a message.
UNK: BEEPS Hey, it's Ella.
UNK: I changed my mind about your offer.
UNK: I found out something, something that'll ruin Modern Fashion,
UNK: take down the whole operation.
UNK: Meet me at the Broadway coffee shop
Beckett : in an hour. I'll see you there.
Conway : I waited around for two hours but she never showed.
Beckett : What information did she want to share?
Conway : Believe me, I would love to know.
Conway : But I don't have the faintest idea.
UNK: Richard Castle : What were you trying to hire her to find out?
Gloria : As you may have heard, a tech venture capitalist named Glen Carter
Gloria : bought Modern Fashion last month.
UNK: Glen has big plans
Gloria : to drag Matilda's precious little magazine into the digital age.
Castle : - Which are? - That's what we wanted to know,
UNK: since our website has failed to generate new subscription business.
Gloria : If we could get Modern Fashion's new playbook,
Gloria : it could help us strategize and stay one step ahead.
Beckett : So you wanted to hire Ella so that she could tell you