Beckett : The Cordova House?
UNK: "A landmark Spanish Revival mansion
UNK: "with an elegant carriage house exterior."
UNK: "It was built at the turn of the century,
UNK: "and remains an enduring legacy of architectural beauty
UNK: - "in the heart of Manhattan." - A-ha!
Martha : I remember The Cordova House.
Martha : It was like a cultural venue for the arts in the '70s.
Martha : I think I went to a party there.
Martha : Of course it was the '70s, so I can't be sure.
Beckett : This says it's been refurbished, and they've started to book weddings.
UNK: - I love it. - It's gorgeous.
Castle : Could it be that we've stumbled upon a venue we actually agree on?
Beckett : Yeah. I mean, I'm good with it. Are you?
UNK: - Mmm! - MARTHA CHUCKLES
Matilda : - LAUGHS - Ah.
Martha : You're welcome.
Castle : - Thank you. - Yeah, sorry.
UNK: I'm gonna make some inquiries right now.
UNK: PHONE BEEPS
UNK: Ah, you're gonna have to do it while we're working a case.
Castle : Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. All right.
Castle : Apparently we aren't the only ones who read that article.
Castle : The event planner at The Cordova House
Castle : said they've been swamped with calls.
Beckett : Okay. When's their next available date?
UNK: She said she's gonna call me back.
UNK: Hey, Espo. What do we got?
UNK: Javier Esposito : A body, found by two fashion students dumpster diving for fabric.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Victim's name is Ella Hayes. She's 26.
UNK: Javier Esposito : According to her driver's license, she has an apartment in Brooklyn.
Castle : What's she doing down here in the Garment District?
UNK: Could be something work-related.
Esposito : Her business card says that she works for Modern Fashion.
UNK: She's an assistant to the editor-in-chief.
Beckett : That would be Matilda King.
Castle : - Okay. - Seriously?
Castle : You've never heard of Matilda King?
Esposito : I'm betting that most real men haven't.
UNK: Mmm, yes, if by "real" you mean "uninformed."
UNK: Whatever.
Castle : Matilda King is a legend in the fashion industry.
Beckett : Or infamous, depends on your point of view.
Castle : Yes. Former assistants of hers have written books about how tough she is,
UNK: a dragon lady who chews people up and spits them out.
Esposito : Does she also strangle them?
Esposito : Because that's how Lanie said our Vic died.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. - Hey.
UNK: Lanie Parish : So, the murder weapon was a scarf, a sash, or something.
Beckett : Okay, when did this happen?
Lanie : Based on lividity, between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m.
Lanie : I also recovered some blue hairs on her neck, left by the attacker.
Lanie : Blue hairs? So, she was killed by a little old lady.
UNK: Or Katy Perry.
Lanie : Animal hairs that were dyed blue, Castle.
UNK: Or a Dr. Seuss character.
Beckett : I don't recall any of them being homicidal.
Castle : That's true. I need a new theory.
Beckett : I've got one. Our killer was strong,
Beckett : and he or she was able to lift the body into the dumpster.
Beckett : Espo, can you get uniforms to canvass the area for any witnesses?
Beckett : Castle and I will go to her work.