UNK: Oh, good. You're here.
Mona : And I was worried that it was going to be uncomfortable.
UNK: No, Mona, just hear me out.
UNK: First of all, I am so sorry about my father yelling at you.
UNK: But I heard that you held your own. You have to tell me how you did that.
UNK: -Focus. -Okay.
Rachel : Yes, Ross and I used to date.
Rachel : And yes, we are gonna have a baby.
Rachel : But we are definitely not getting back together.
UNK: -How can I be sure of that? -Because we drove each other crazy.
Rachel : He was possessive, he was jealous. He could never just let the little things go.
Ross : Trying to date this woman.
Rachel : None of that compared to how kind and gentle..
Rachel : and thoughtful he is.
UNK: You probably shouldn't touch me.
UNK: I don't wanna get in the middle of something so complicated.
Rachel : I get it, but, Mona, what relationship is not complicated?
Rachel : We all have our baggage. You must too.
Rachel : Why else would you still be single?
UNK: I'm so gonna leave right now.
Ross : Should I leave this open?
UNK: I'm not sure yet. Why didn't you just tell me about all this?
UNK: Because what's going on has nothing to do with how I feel about you.
UNK: -You still should have told me. -I know, and I was going to..
Ross : but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel's father.
Ross : I made a mistake..
UNK: but it's only because I really, really like you. Really.
Mona : Okay. I guess you can close the door now.
Rachel : Forgot my purse. Oh, you guys made up.
UNK: He's a good kisser, isn't he? I'm going!
UNK: I swear I didn't know she was a hooker.
Monica : Did you let her smoke in here?
UNK: Her ass-print is still on your grandmother's quilt. Really want to talk about smoking?
UNK: You know what, I'm gonna make this up to you.
Monica : I promised you a stripper..
UNK: and you're gonna get a stripper.
Chandler : -Monica, wait. -What?
Chandler : Carry on.
Monica : These tennis shoes are so tight.
UNK: -I think I'll take them off. -Could you not narrate?
Monica : Gotcha, sailor.
UNK: Dr. Green : Just because you're not in love with the guy..
Phoebe : -You told your dad the truth. -About an hour ago.
Phoebe : -Wanna go see a movie? -Yes.
Rachel : Bye, Dad.
UNK: It's unacceptable! What the hell does love have to do with it?
UNK: Dr. Green : There are more important things than love.
UNK: You have to think about the baby.
UNK: Dr. Green : You have to think about the consequences of your decisions!
UNK: Hey, I do think about the consequences of my decisions!
UNK: Well, what gives you the right to..?
Joey : Go to hell!
Joey : Stupid guy on my phone.