Max : That's it? You're giving up?
Max : You're not going to try to figure out what's doing this to her?
House : Well, even with the right diagnosis,
UNK: any treatment's gonna take longer than the time she has left.
Max : If it's her liver, can't she get a transplant?
House : Wouldn't work without a diagnosis.
House : Whatever killed the first liver would do the same to the second.
Max : But it would give you more time to make the diagnosis to get her better.
UNK: Well, it might give us an extra day or two,
House : but no procurement agency is gonna let a liver go to a patient
House : with an undiagnosed, preexisting...
Max : Hannah and I have the same blood type.
Max : Couldn't I be the donor?
UNK: Well, it is medically possible for us to take a part of your...
Max : Please, I don't care about the risks.
House : You're very lucky to have such a devoted partner.
House : I just bought us 36 hours.
House : Differential diagnosis. Which monster eats your liver,
House : screws up your sleep and causes bleeding?
Cameron : Does Max know Hannah plans to leave her?
House : Didn't come up, so I guess no.
Cameron : If she knew, there's no way she'd go through with this.
House : And if you didn't have a pathological need
House : to create a close, personal relationship with every dying person you meet,
House : we would be blissfully ignorant of any ethical dilemmas
House : and might actually be able to concentrate on the differential.
UNK: The scratch test was negative.
Foreman : It's rare, but any of the hepatitis viruses could cause sleep disturbances
Foreman : - and liver failure. - No, PCRs were normal.
Cameron : - We have an ethical dilemma. - No, we don't. Continue.
Chase : What about splenic cancer or Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma?
Chase : She's the right age.
House : It could explain the bleeding, maybe the liver failure.
Cameron : We're withholding information relevant to her decision to risk her life.
Cameron : - How is that not an ethical dilemma? - It's not medical information.
Cameron : - Who cares? - The AMA.
Foreman : Wilson's disease could explain the liver and neurological symptoms.
Foreman : It also causes bleeding disorders.
Chase : No Kayser-Fleischer rings in her eyes.
House : Rings don't have to be there if there's neurological symptoms.
Cameron : - This is immoral. - Look, let's say you're right!
House : We tell, she changes her mind, our patient dies. How is that moral?
House : What else?
UNK: Poisoned mushrooms can cause liver failure,
Cameron : sleep disturbances and internal bleeding.
Chase : She's not shrooming. She's a sports nut.
House : Right, skiers never party.
Cameron : She's doing this out of love, and Max doesn't know...
House : It's only moral to save a person if they love you?
House : That's kind of a selfish way of looking at life.
House : I like Wilson's disease, like cancer, love mushrooms.
Foreman : Yeah, but we don't have the time to test for any of it.
Foreman : Before she can get the transplant, we need to do about 80 procedures.
House : So, do those tests and my tests at the same time.
House : Use the PET to look for cancer and Wilson's.
House : While you endoscope her bile ducts, scrape her stomach for mushroom spores.
House : One of you CT her liver,
House : while the other two check protein CA-125 and CA-19.5.