House : I could be the kindest, gentlest boss in the world,
UNK: and Foreman would still have done what he did, because that's who he is.
House : We can only hope that Cameron has learned something.
UNK: Right, because you're all about the teaching.
House : Our children are the future.
UNK: Hey.
Foreman : Cuddy cleared Max for surgery. She's okay to go.
House : - How's our patient? - She's also cleared.
House : I don't care about the prep. I care about the diagnostic tests.
Foreman : Looks negative for Wilson's disease. We'll know for sure in an hour.
Chase : - Blood proteins are normal. It's not... - Where's Cameron?
Chase : Taking a sample of the bile duct.
UNK: Surgeries are supposed to start in about 15 minutes.
Chase : She had a chance to get one last...
House : Hannah and Max will be in the same room.
Foreman : You wanted us to do as much as we can before...
UNK: They're both awake with Cameron.
Cameron : Maybe we should give these two a minute together before the surgery.
Max : You ready, honey?
UNK: [camera Focuses On The Alarm Clock, Now Showing That It Is 8 : - Max. - It's okay, I'm right here.
Hannah : - I need you to know something. - I know.
Max : I love you, too.
Hannah : - I don't know how to say this. - Good Lord!
Max : - You can tell me anything. - She hasn't slept in 11 days!
UNK: You people trying to torture her?
House : Ding, ding, let's go.
House : - I told you... - I didn't say a word to Max.
House : This is exactly why you got screwed with Foreman.
House : You're looking for people to do the right thing.
Cuddy : She hasn't slept. Her judgment is compromised
Cameron : due to inactivity in her prefrontal cortex.
House : Oh, she could have the best prefrontal cortex in the history of mankind,
House : but given the choice of life versus death,
House : those bad, bad people are going to choose life.
UNK: Then why'd you sedate her? If she wasn't going to tell,
Cameron : if she was never going to do the right thing, why bother knocking her out?
Cameron : This isn't about them. If she talks, if she does the decent thing,
Cameron : then you don't get to solve your puzzle, your game's over, you lose.
UNK: Yeah, I wanna save her. I'm morally bankrupt.
Cuddy : How's it going?
Cameron : They're about to remove Hannah's liver.
UNK: : All right, I'm good to go.
UNK: You can start removing Max's liver.
UNK: You wanna let me in on what the big secret is between these two?
Cameron : You read Foreman's article?
Wilson : It was good.
Cameron : He basically stole it from me.
House : - So? - You're on his side?
Cuddy : Sides? No, this isn't dodgeball.
Cameron : What am I supposed to do, just sit back and take it?
Cuddy : No, write another article.
Cuddy : Kick ass until you're sitting behind some big, expensive desk,
Cuddy : and someone from Johns Hopkins calls and says,
UNK: "We're thinking about hiring Eric Foreman as our head of Neurology."
Cuddy : And you can say whatever you want.
Cameron : Lovely. Revenge as motive for success.
UNK: Well, it doesn't have to be the motive, but it sure tastes good.
UNK: : - She's in VF. I've got no pulse. - She's arresting.
House : I am so relieved you two are here.
UNK: Without you looking out, they'd be playing foosball down there.
Cameron : - Max's heart stopped. - Your patient is on the other side.
House : Now get yourself upstairs and figure out what Hannah has,
House : or Max has risked her life for nothing.
UNK: Charging.
UNK: Clear.
Surgeon : We're okay.