UNK: Oh, yeah, anyone says anything to Max, they're fired.
Foreman : We have to.
House : We have to not, because she's not our patient.
Cameron : She's getting surgery. She's someone's patient.
UNK: I think that's it. Great, thank you.
UNK: I need a little help.
Cuddy : Inexplicable rash on a patient's scrotum you need me to look at?
UNK: Twenty-seven-year-old female wants to donate half her liver
House : - to her dying girlfriend. - That's very generous.
Cuddy : This the sleepless girl? What's she got?
House : Liver failure.
UNK: Sort of figured that out when you said she needed a new liver.
Cuddy : - You don't have a diagnosis? - The transplant buys me time.
Cuddy : Let's just skip the part where I say this is insane.
House : It was her idea.
Cuddy : If she wants to be an idiot, it's her call. You don't need me.
Cuddy : Have one of your team walk her through the process.
House : The donor and the donee sort of have opposing interests, right?
UNK: We can't really advise them both.
Cuddy : You're concerned about the ethics of this?
Max : What's going on?
Cuddy : - What do you know? - Nothing medically relevant.
Cuddy : But you know something, and it is relevant.
House : If I can't tell her, I can't really tell you, can I?
UNK: I mean, if you're advising her.
Cuddy : I assume this information is in the medical file.
UNK: - In my patient's confidential file. - This hospital's file.
UNK: You can either satisfy your curiosity, or you can remain ignorant,
House : do nothing ethically wrong, and my patient doesn't die in three hours.
Cuddy : These tests and the counseling
Cuddy : normally happen over weeks, sometimes months.
Max : It's okay.
UNK: Well, the most important part we're skipping is time.
Cuddy : Time for you to change your mind.
UNK: I don't wanna change my mind.
Cuddy : Not now, but, with time and perspective, maybe we learn things...
UNK: If we had the time, we'd take the time, but we don't.
Max : So can you get this over with?
Cuddy : Either I sign off on this, or it doesn't happen.
Cuddy : So I need you to listen to me,
Cuddy : because there's a chance that you will die on that table.
Max : I just want me and Hannah to be able to lie in bed together
Max : as old ladies,
Max : compare scars.
Cuddy : I need you to lie on your side and hold your knees.
Cameron : I'm going to check for vascular abnormalities
UNK: that might prevent us from doing the transplant.
House : At the same time, I'm also checking for mushroom spores
Cameron : - to see if that's the underlying... - I don't do mushrooms.
Cameron : If you lie about your love life, maybe you lie about drugs. Open.
Cameron : Aren't you at all concerned about what Max is going through right now?
UNK: They're shoving a tube up her rectum,
Cameron : then they're going to swab her stomach just like I'm doing.
Cameron : It's going to hurt just like this hurts.
Cameron : Which is nothing at all like the risk she's taking on the table.
Cameron : And you don't love her, do you?
Hannah : I'm not leaving her because I don't...
Cameron : I'm not talking about the leaving. I'm talking about this.
Cameron : If you care for her at all, you won't let her do this blind.
Hannah : - You'd really tell? - Yeah.
Hannah : You'd die?
Wilson : I take it you've seen that.
House : Seen it, digested it, watched it blow up my entire department.
UNK: - Did you read Cameron's version? - I didn't read either.
Wilson : It was good.
House : - Better than Foreman's? - Maybe.
Wilson : He was more analytical about the diagnostic procedures.
Wilson : She concentrated more on the ethical dilemmas of informed consent.
Wilson : How any patient can really be informed without a medical degree.
House : Same old party lines.
Wilson : - Foreman should have told her. - Oh, shoulda, woulda, coulda.
Wilson : If you allow this sort of thing in your department,
UNK: you're basically saying it's okay.
House : No, I'm saying that I don't care what they do
House : as long as my life isn't interrupted by pointless conversations like this one.
Wilson : They won't trust each other, and they won't trust you.
House : They shouldn't.
Wilson : Deception like this is just one step removed
Wilson : from actively sabotaging one another.
Wilson : Then what would you do?