House : So, I think we can move on to options other than allergies.
Chase : We should still do a scratch test.
Chase : - If she's allergic to one thing... - She is not allergic.
Cameron : Okay. Well, we could either base our diagnosis
Cameron : on your admittedly keen understanding of lesbian relationships,
Cameron : or we could do a scratch test.
Chase : Do a scratch test.
UNK: Are you still feeling a lot of blood in your throat?
Hannah : No, it's actually getting a little better.
Cameron : Good, maybe things are just starting to improve on their own.
Cameron : Just a few more.
UNK: - Want some water to wash your mouth? - No, I'm okay.
Max : Come on, that can't taste good. I'm gonna get you a soda.
UNK: It's okay, isn't it?
UNK: You and Max seem to have a really nice relationship.
Cameron : - Yeah. - She's very supportive.
Cameron : When Max got you the dog,
Cameron : did you lie about having an allergic reaction?
UNK: No.
House : - Why? - If you have preexisting conditions,
Cameron : it's important we know, but if you don't, it's just as important.
UNK: If I'm wasting my time doing this...
Hannah : You're not going to tell her, are you?
Cameron : It's none of my business.
UNK: She's a good person, and we've just been together so long, I...
Hannah : I'm tired of her.
UNK: It sounds terrible, doesn't it?
Cameron : I guess it happens sometimes.
Hannah : My back hurts.
Cameron : Hannah, can you turn over?
Foreman : - What's wrong? - I'm not sure.
Hannah : Oh, my God.
Cameron : - She has massive internal bleeding. - Did she have access to aspirin?
Cameron : She'd have to take a hell of a lot.
Chase : Why not? Considering her current mental state.
House : What about her mental state?
Cameron : You were right about her wanting to break up.
UNK: That just means I was right. Doesn't mean she's suicidal.
Chase : A bottle of pills is what landed her here in the first place.
House : Sleeping pills. God knows why she'd want them.
UNK: What else could cause sleep disorder and internal bleeding?
UNK: Drugs or alcohol could mess with the sleeping and compromise the liver.
House : What are you doing here? Who's keeping her awake?
Foreman : Doesn't matter. Liver function tests are through the sky.
Foreman : Liver's not compromised. It's dead.
Foreman : She doesn't need a diagnosis. She needs a new liver.
House : She's not getting a new liver unless we can figure out what's wrong with her.
UNK: Test for cirrhosis, 12 hours. Test for hepatitis, eight.
UNK: Her liver's not gonna last another six.
House : So your advice is we just give up?
Foreman : My advice is that we narrow our focus to conditions that we can diagnose,
Foreman : treat and cure in less than six hours.
Foreman : And there's nothing on that list.
House : The girlfriend donated blood, right?
Chase : Yeah, so?
UNK: It means they're the same type.
Cameron : You can't ask the person she's about to dump to donate half her liver.
House : It does seem tacky, doesn't it?
UNK: I'm Dr House.
House : I'm in charge of your case.
Max : What's going on?
Max : How come no one is keeping her awake anymore?
House : You're in acute liver failure.
House : We can continue the transfusions and the lactulose,
House : but it's only a stopgap.
House : There's really nothing we can do to stop the toxins
House : from building up in your bloodstream,
House : which means that, in a few hours,
House : you will lapse into a coma...
House : and you won't wake up.
House : I'm sorry.