Wilson : She sounds confused, but I don't think she is.
Wilson : I think she's waiting for you to do something, show her you're serious.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: It's a big jump from "infidelity is morally wrong" to "do her".
UNK: I didn't say "do her". I said do something.
House : What exactly did she say?
Wilson : She didn't say it was a mistake.
House : She's not gonna leave Mark in the middle of his rehab.
House : Too much guilt.
Wilson : She left you.
House : Harsh toke, dude.
UNK: House.
UNK: Killjoy.
Foreman : I could've covered this. You need to get that test today.
Cam : I wish you guys would remember my birthday instead of my HIV test.
Foreman : Forgive us for being concerned. I got a bet with House.
Foreman : He says you're too scared to get it. I say you're too anal not to.
Foreman : I'll cut you in.
Cam : That was a colossal waste.
Foreman : Who would've known?
Foreman : Searching a high-end family home for illicit
Foreman : narcotics was such an obvious choice.
UNK: Cam [seeing The Car.] : Working moms practically live in their cars.
Foreman : - Little bump on the run. - You were a car thief, right?
UNK: Mama's little helper.
Cam : House, Ritalin.
UNK: House [examining Bottle.] : Cocaine with a PG rating.
Foreman : Prescribed to her daughter.
House : Mommy does everything for her family these days, even swallows their pills.
Foreman : It's possible the kid's meds are the kid's meds.
House : Pop enough Ritalin, it can explain everything.
Foreman : Well, Ritalin maybe explains some tics, some involuntary...
UNK: House [shakes Head.] : No, case reports have referred to chorea.
UNK: House [shakes Head.] : She's been cut off from her stash, so the flailing's tapered off,
UNK: House [shakes Head.] : the psychosis hasn't returned. It's perfect.
Foreman : Tox screen will confirm that.
UNK: Half-life's 12 hours. Drugs will be out of her system.
House : - We're done. Get rid of her. - We're not done.
Foreman : We have to confirm the diagnosis before we send her home to die of something else.
House : Oh, yes. The power tastes so sweet. You just can't resist.
House : You're like a diabetic at the ice cream counter.
UNK: You wanna say no, but you need that chocolaty goodness.
Foreman : Yeah, well, I'm still signing the charts.
Foreman : So until tomorrow, you're not allowed to kill anyone.
UNK: Wuss.
Cam : We've asked her three times if she's on any meds.
UNK: So we don't ask her.
UNK: House [winks.] : Candy striper.
UNK: So, you like dogs?
Stella : That's not a dog.
UNK: House [to Parents.] : Smart kid.