Cam : He should have been here 20 minutes ago.
Chase : Doubt if he makes it at all. I saw him leave with Stacy.
UNK: He was probably just walking her to her car.
Chase : Oh, yeah. That sounds like House.
Cam : He's not an idiot. He's not gonna hook up with a married woman.
Foreman : I hope he is getting some. Maybe he'll mellow out.
Cam : - What took you so long? It's midnight. - Traffic. Cinco de Mayo.
UNK: You owe me $100.
UNK: Foreman [to Cameron.] : You didn't take the test?
House : Fear trumps anal every time.
Cam : It's not a big deal. I had the viral load and antibody test.
Cam : It's 99.9% that I don't have HIV.
UNK: And if you have the test, and it's negative, you gain a tenth of a point.
House : But if it's positive you lose nearly 100, right?
Cam : No arrhythmia, so Ritalin isn't the big problem.
Cam : Something else is going on.
House : Fine, let's play doctors.
Chase : I removed the clot which caused the stroke.
Chase : Problem is, we don't know where it came from.
Cam : Did ultrasounds of her heart, arms and legs. All clear.
Foreman : Could be a protein C deficiency.
Cam : Wouldn't explain the movement disorder.
House : Nothing explains everything.
House : What if it's a crime syndicate?
House : Let's say Ritalin and the fertility meds plotted a caper.
House : Ritalin takes care of the psychosis, the flailing.
Foreman : I still don't think Ritalin...
Cam : Fertility meds are competitive by nature.
UNK: They had to do something bigger, something really unexpected.
Cam : Fertility treatments have been known to cause endometrial cancer.
Chase : Which could cause clots, which could have caused her to stroke.
House : So ultrasound her uterus this time.
House : See if there's something growing in there that doesn't look adorable in a onesie.
UNK: Cameron. I love you.
UNK: You'll get your test results tomorrow.
UNK: Stacy [opens Door Holding Piece Of Paper, House Smiles At Her.] : The prescription for my heart condition.
UNK: Stacy [opens Door Holding Piece Of Paper, House Smiles At Her.] : A bit on the cheesy side.
House : I was trying for romantic.
House : Still fits.
House : Did you tell Mark?
UNK: Stacy [her Smile Fades.] : I told him I had to work late.
UNK: You gonna tell him?
UNK: How am I gonna tell him?
Stacy : Still working on that phrasing. How about,
UNK: "You know all the stuff you were worried about when we first came here, honey?"
UNK: "You were right."
UNK: Pithy.
Stacy : Everything's easy when you don't care if you hurt anyone.
House : You already did the hurting part.
House : - He just doesn't know it yet. - If I never tell him, it'll never hurt.
Stacy : I want not to love Mark. I wanna hate you.
Stacy : I want all of this to be simple, but it's not.
UNK: House [nods, Looks Around, Then Back At Her.] : You can either have a life with me,
UNK: House [nods, Looks Around, Then Back At Her.] : or you can have a life with him.
UNK: House [nods, Looks Around, Then Back At Her.] : It can't be both.
UNK: House [nods, Looks Around, Then Back At Her.] : It's not easy, but it is simple.
Cam : No endometrial thickening. No masses.
Foreman : No cancer.
House : She's on fertility treatments. She had a blood clot. It's there.
Chase : Millions of women are on fertility treatments and they don't get cancer.
House : Right. They get babies.
House : She had a blood clot and a stroke.
House : She'll get another one and probably die, if we don't find that tumor.
House : Do an endometrial biopsy.
Foreman : Biopsy's painful and unnecessary. We just did an ultrasound.
UNK: What?
Cam : If you have a personal issue that's interfering with...
Foreman : What are we waiting for?
House : Your four weeks just expired. Your reign of terror is over.
UNK: Mine has just begun.
House : Now go stick a needle up her hoo-hoo and find that cancer.
UNK: "Hoo-hoo"?
Foreman : He went to Hopkins.
UNK: Pergasaurus has got 1,500 horsepower blown and injected with alcohol.
UNK: Commentator 2 : Yeah, that baby really moves.
UNK: Oh, yeah, and the transmission, two-speed Powerglide. Suspension...
UNK: Stella [entering.] : What are you watching?
UNK: TV.