Beckett : You do what you gotta do, Slaughter, and I'll do the same.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: LAUGHING
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : We got about an hour to figure out who really killed Glitch
UNK: before I get called to the carpet by the Chief of Detectives.
Castle : What can he do to you?
UNK: Well, best-case scenario, he suspends me.
UNK: And worst-case scenario?
Castle : SIGHS Crap.
Castle : So I'm Glitch. I just dug up three bodies,
UNK: cut the heads off of them, which was horrible,
Castle : to try and win my way back in with the Westies.
Castle : And then the kindly Mexican gentlemen I thought were helping me
Castle : suddenly pull out guns and try to kill me.
UNK: I'm running for my life,
Castle : I end up on the wrong side of this fence.
Beckett : Where you can see a sign for the subway.
Beckett : So why would you climb a barbed wire fence
Beckett : when you can just hang a right and hop a train out of here?
UNK: Fear.
Castle : For all I know, the Mexicans are driving the streets
Castle : looking for me.
Castle : With all these street lights on, I'd be a sitting duck.
Castle : But under here, it would be pitch black.
Castle : So I climb the fence and I hide.
Castle : Why hide when you can escape?
Castle : Because I wasn't just hiding.
Castle : I was waiting. I called for help.
Castle : But when they found Glitch's body,
Castle : he didn't have a phone on him.
UNK: So either the killer took it or...
Castle : Or he used that pay phone.
Beckett : Why'd you call me down here?
Beckett : Because we have definitive proof
Beckett : that Vales didn't kill Glitch.
UNK: And you wanna rub my face in it?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Look, Slaughter, we're different kinds of cops.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah.
Beckett : And although I'm not a fan of your methods,
Beckett : I know you don't want to send an innocent man to jail
Beckett : when you know that the real killer is still out there.
UNK: Okay. So who killed Glitch?
BECKETT : We know he called you, Brian.
Beckett : Your son dialed your cell from that pay phone
UNK: about half an hour before he was murdered,
Beckett : and you answered that call.
Beckett : We also have surveillance photos of you at that subway stop
Beckett : from before and after the murder.
Slaughter : All those years. All those screw-ups.
Slaughter : Must have been unbearable for a stand-up guy like you, huh, Brian?
UNK: And then Glitch calls you to tell you that he screwed up.
UNK: Again.
Beckett : But this time it was different, wasn't it?
UNK: He'd crossed a line.
Beckett : He was your son.
Brian : Which made him my responsibility.
Brian : So I did what had to be done.
Brian : He wasn't even surprised.
UNK: It was if he'd been waiting for it his whole life.
UNK: Then why didn't you take the heads?
Slaughter : That way none of this would come back on you and the Westies.
Brian : He vanished into the dark after I'd shot him.
UNK: SCOFFS
Brian : Even with his last breath, that boy managed to screw me up.
CASTLE : Well, at least you finally get a conviction on Brian.
UNK: That's gotta be some consolation.
Slaughter : Vales still walks.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Counselor, can I speak with your client for a second?
Vales : She probably wants my autograph.
Beckett : You feel cocky. I get it.
Beckett : You just dodged a murder rap.
UNK: Probably gonna go out tonigh and celebrate with your boys.
Beckett : And you should. Paint the town.
Beckett : But then, in the morning,
Beckett : I want you to get the hell out of my city.
Vales : But I like it here.
Slaughter : You might like it right now.
Beckett : But starting tomorrow, you're gonna see
Beckett : just how hard a city New York can be,
Beckett : when the full force of the NYPD comes crashing down on you
UNK: with 30,000 cops making it their daily duty
Beckett : to make your life a living hell.
UNK: Counselor, you can take him away now.
Slaughter : That is sexy.
UNK: What?
UNK: You wanna hit me for that, too? No.
UNK: GROANS
Slaughter : That's for not having my back.
Slaughter : And if I ever see a character in one of your novels like me,
UNK: we're gonna have words.
UNK: So I'm gonna see you at the hearing on Tuesday, right?
Castle : You got it.
UNK: Outstanding.
UNK: Detective, you ever want to go out on a date
UNK: that ends in hot sex after a drunken fist fight,
Slaughter : you know where to find me.
Beckett : Yeah. In "never gonna happen" land.
UNK: HOARSELY Hey, thanks very much for your help.
Beckett : No problem, Castle. It's what partners are supposed to do.
Castle : Basking in the glory of you?
UNK: SIGHING No. Trying to figure out what to do.
Alexis : Stanford has always be en my dream school,
Alexis : but what if their initial rejection
Alexis : was the universe sending me a sign?
Alexis : That I'm better off somewhere else.
UNK: Do you think you'd be better off somewhere else?
Alexis : I don't know. Do you?
Castle : I don't know, either.
Castle : I guess the question is,
Castle : do you want it badly enough to get over being hurt?
Castle : You know what I think would help with this decision?
UNK: Ice cream. Ice cream.
Castle : Race you.
UNK: SQUEALS
UNK: That's cheating!