UNK: Don't you listen to those whiners, Sherlock. You got balls.
Slaughter : Yeah, I may have needlessly put you
Slaughter : in a little harm's way there with Vales,
Slaughter : but seeing as it paid off...
UNK: What do you mean "paid off"? BANGING TRUNK
Castle : What was that? What was what?
MAN : Hey, come on, man! That's not cool!
Castle : Is there someone in the trunk?
Slaughter : Gilberto Mendoza. Our weak link.
UNK: Let me the hell out of here, man!
Castle : Please tell me that we're just going to talk to him.
Slaughter : Yeah, pretty much.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: GILBERTO SCREAMING
UNK: Come on, man! Cut it out! Can't do that!
Castle : This is wrong. You gotta stop.
UNK: Not until he flips on Vales.
UNK: GILBERTO SHOUTING
Slaughter : Hear that, Gilberto?
Slaughter : Only way you're getting out of that trunk is if you rat out your boss.
Gilberto : Well, guess what, I'm not saying nothing.
UNK: Hey, remember that fav or you promised me?
UNK: There's this civilian review board thing coming up.
Slaughter : Excessive force complaints, total BS, right?
UNK: GILBERTO SCREAMING
Slaughter : Anyway, you being a friend of the Mayor and all,
Slaughter : I figure a stateme nt from you
UNK: would go a long way in makin those charges go away, right?
Castle : You're crazy. Is that a no?
Castle : I'll do it. I'll do it if you stop.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: HORN HONKING
Slaughter : Outstanding. Next Tuesday, 9 : 00 a.m. sharp.
Slaughter : I'll send you an email.
Gilberto : Hey, man, I know my rights, all right?
Gilberto : This is kidnapping. Police abuse. Uh-huh.
Slaughter : I know something, too, Gilberto.
Slaughter : You got a brother in juvie back in Texas.
Slaughter : Poor little Hector.
Slaughter : I hear he cries himself to sleep every night.
Castle : Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Slaughter : Just having a little chat here with Gilberto.
Slaughter : Listen, unless you want something very bad to happen to Hector,
Slaughter : you're gonna help me bury Vales, aren't you?
Castle : Aren't you?
UNK: Okay. Okay, what?
Slaughter : I need to hear the magic words.
Gilberto : Vales killed Glitch.
UNK: "Vales killed Glitch." Yes!
UNK: Victory!
GILBERTO : Vales was looking for a way
Gilberto : to take over the Jamaicans' and Westies' turf.
Gilberto : That's when we heard about
UNK: this punk-ass Westie trying to prove himself
Gilberto : and Vales saw his chance.
Gilberto : He convinced Glitch
Gilberto : that if he dug up a couple of Jamaicans and cut off their heads
UNK: that it would get him back in tight with his Westie pals.
SLAUGHTER : So Vales wanted to use the heads to spark a gang war,
UNK: have the Westies and Jamaicans to go at it till no one's left standing,
Slaughter : then he waltzes in, takes over the territory?
UNK: Yeah.
Slaughter : What went down at the cemetery?
Gilberto : Vales got Glitch to dig up the bodies.
Gilberto : The plan was to kill him and make it look like the Jamaicans did it.
Gilberto : And Glitch must have sensed it or something,
UNK: 'cause he took off right as we started to open fire.
Slaughter : Tell me about the murder.