Castle : You're not going to mangle anyone today, are you?
Slaughter : I like to keep my options open.
UNK: There's a hell of a lot of them.
Slaughter : Just follow my lead.
Slaughter : Hola, gentlemen,
Slaughter : on behalf of the NYPD,
Slaughter : I'd like to welcome you to the greatest city on God's green Earth.
Slaughter : Unless you want your friends to see
Slaughter : what the inside of your head looks like,
Slaughter : back off.
MAN : CHUCKLES Whoa!
UNK: Ceser Vales : Now, what seems to be the problem, officer?
Slaughter : You Vales? That's me.
UNK: The name Michael Reilly mean anything to you? Aka Glitch?
Vales : No, I'm afraid not.
Slaughter : That's funny,
Slaughter : 'cause I got an eyewitness who puts you and your girls here
Slaughter : shooting the hell out of h in Queens two nights ago.
Vales : That is funny.
Vales : Hey, you. Where's your badge?
Slaughter : In his other coat.
UNK: Hmm.
Slaughter : Yeah, Vales,
UNK: we know all about your plan to use Glitch to spark a gang war
UNK: so you could move your drug business into New York.
Vales : Wow. Your partner here, is pretty high-strung, isn't he?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: High-strung?
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa.
UNK: SIRENS BLARING Hey!
UNK: NYPD!
RYAN : NYPD! Let me see your hands!
Esposito : Party's over!
Vales : That's too bad, because this was just getting interesting.
Slaughter : If I were you, I'd get your affairs in orde 'cause I'll be back.
Esposito : Hey! Slaughter!
Esposito : Going in there like that without backup,
Esposito : putting a civilian in harm's way,
Esposito : that's not only reckless, that is bad police work.
UNK: You're just lucky that we traced Castle's phone
UNK: and we found you guys in time.
UNK: Well, you think I'm going to thank you for almost ruining my play?
Castle : You had a play?
Slaughter : I always have a play. I had to escalate things.
UNK: We could find the weak member of the herd.
Castle : That kid.
SLAUGHTER : Exactly.
Slaughter : He's the one I'm gonna get to flip on Vales,
Slaughter : once I figure out how to separate him from the pack.
Ryan : Who knew all these years we've been working together
Ryan : that you had a death wish?
Castle : What, that? That wasn't bad.
Castle : Slaughter had a plan.
Ryan : Yeah, he had a plan to get you killed.
UNK: CELL PHONE BUZZING
Castle : It's Slaughter.
Castle : I gotta go.
Esposito : All right.
Ryan : Next time, we might not be there to save you.
UNK: You need to do something.
UNK: Espo, if the guy's hell-be on leaving the nest,
Beckett : then there's nothing that I can do about it.
Esposito : You don't really feel that way. Do you?