UNK: Shea, keep it in the family, huh?
Slaughter : Where's interrogation?
UNK: Straight through the first door, right there.
UNK: Come on, you.
BECKETT : What the hell happened?
UNK: Oh, you should have seen it.
Castle : Slaughter got the drop on the one guy,
Castle : but the other guy tried to make a break for it.
Castle : I had to take his ass down.
Beckett : You what? Are you kidding me?
Beckett : You're a writer, Castle, not a cop.
Castle : Hey, I can take care of myself.
Castle : You just never give me a chance.
Beckett : Yeah, because I'm not trying to get you killed.
Beckett : And what is he doing using our box?
Castle : I invited him to.
Beckett : Castle, that's not your place.
Castle : I didn't think you'd mind.
UNK: Besides, guys like Slaughter,
Castle : they just float from precinct to precinct, you know.
Castle : They're like nomads,
Castle : wandering the streets of New York City,
Castle : kicking ass and taking names.
Castle : Which isn't the most original turn of phrase,
Castle : but the character is so great.
UNK: It's really gonna help me shake up this next Nikki Heat book.
Beckett : Yeah, sure.
Beckett : If you live long enough to actually write about it.
SHEA : I didn't kill Glitch.
Slaughter : Then why did his father come after you?
Shay : I don't know, but you gotta convince him that I'm innocent.
Maxy : No, no, no, no, no.
Slaughter : You gotta convince me.
Slaughter : Or I'm gonna park you in holding,
Slaughter : and sit back and marvel at how Brian removes your limbs
Slaughter : with his bare hands. GROANS
Shay : I was at my sister's house on Long Island last night.
Shay : You can call and ask her.
Castle : So why does Brian think you killed his son?
UNK: Really, Shea?
Castle : Want me to bust out Jake and the Fatman again?
UNK: GRUNTS
Shay : Brian heard me and Glitch had a falling out, but we didn't.
UNK: It's just... EXHALES
UNK: Finn Rourke told us all to stay away from him.
Slaughter : The head of the Westies made you freeze Glitch out?
UNK: Why?
Shay : He screwed up another job last week.
Shay : He abandoned a truck full of stolen medical equipment on the FDR
Shay : after he ran out of gas.
Shay : The only reason Finn didn't have Glitch killed was Brian.
UNK: Because he knew he was crazy enough to go after him
Shay : if anything happened to his kid.
Castle : Why did Glitch have a bag full of heads?
Shay : No clue.
Slaughter : When was the last time you saw him?
Shay : Two days ago.
Shay : Said he was going to do something
Shay : to get back in good with the Westies.
Castle : Did he say what it was?
Shay : No. And I didn't ask.
Castle : How could Glitch think that cutting the heads off dead bodies
Castle : would get him back in good with the Westies?
Slaughter : He wasn't a deep thinker.
Slaughter : I wouldn't knock myself out looking for motive.
UNK: Cappuccino?
Castle : Rule four. COP : Castle.
Castle : Oh! Perfect. Thank you.
Castle : Thank you very much.
Uniform : Esposito said you'd have something for him?
UNK: That's...
Castle : Tell him they're on their way.
Esposito : All right. Looks like we got IDs on our heads.
UNK: All three belonged to members of the Trench Town Posse.
Slaughter : Hot damn. Mystery solved.
Castle : Trench Town Posse.
Slaughter : Jamaican gang runs girls and drugs from Brooklyn to the Bronx.
UNK: They're fighting a turf war with the Westies
Slaughter : over the Morningside Heights.
Castle : I bet Glitch thought he could make his bones
Castle : by cutting the heads off of Westie enemies.
Castle : Bet he planned on putting those heads
UNK: in some high-ranking Jamaican beds.
UNK: Like the horse's head. The Godfather.
Slaughter : Yeah, that's the stupidest thing you've said yet.
UNK: And just dumb enough to seem smart to Glitch.
Slaughter : And knowing that boy, he'd run his mouth,
UNK: Jamaicans hear about it and they ambush him. Come on.
Slaughter : I got a source on the street, tied in with the Jamaicans.
Slaughter : He'll be able to give us intel.
Castle : I love this "run and gun" police work.
UNK: DR. BURKE : You're upset. No.
Beckett : Yes, okay? Fine.
Beckett : Yes, I thought that the two of us were actually getting closer together.
Beckett : And now it seems like he's just pulling away.
Burke : Have you asked him why?
Beckett : Yes. And he said, "Oh, everything is fine."