Slaughter : Look, kid, I know you're scared. And I was a little rough.
Slaughter : But I talked to the DA and the feds.
Slaughter : They said you cooperate with me,
Slaughter : your brother's sentence will be reduced to time served,
Slaughter : and both of you get a free ride into WITSEC.
Slaughter : So, tell me how it went down.
Gilberto : We chased him, we cornered him.
Slaughter : Under the overpass?
UNK: Yeah.
SLAUGHTER : And?
Gilberto : And then Vales shot him twic and just left him for dead.
Slaughter : How many times?
UNK: Three.
Gilberto : He shot him three times.
Burke : What do you think you're doing?
Slaughter : Closing this case.
Slaughter : I got an arrest warrant for Vales burning a hole in my pocket.
Castle : You coached that kid through his interrogation.
UNK: What? No, no. I just refreshed his recollection.
UNK: Really? 'Cause the way he was talking,
Castle : he didn't even witness that murder.
UNK: Vales has bodies on him like you wouldn't believe.
UNK: Women, children, cops.
UNK: I get a chance to put him away, I'm going to take it.
Burke : Question is, are you in or out?
Castle : I guess I'm out.
Slaughter : Well, that's a shame.
Slaughter : I had high hopes for you, Sherlock.
UNK: I never thought you'd punk out on me like this.
Castle : Hey, I need some help.
Ryan : Sorry, Castle, caught a murder.
Esposito : Talk to Beckett.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : How's it going?
Beckett : You can skip the small talk, Castle. What do you want?
UNK: Slaughter went too far.
Beckett : Well, isn't that what he does?
UNK: Along with "kicking ass and taking names"?
Castle : He pressured a kid into making a false statement
Castle : so he could arrest Vales.
Beckett : So you came to me so I can fix it?
UNK: Richard Castle : You have every right to be mad.
Castle : You warned me about Slaughter and I wouldn't listen.
Castle : I'm just trying to make this right.
Beckett : It's not my case, Castle.
Beckett : Even if I wanted to help,
Beckett : we've got strict rules about interfering
Beckett : in another cop's investigation.
Castle : I'm not asking you to do it for me.
Castle : I'm asking you to do it
Castle : so the real killer doesn't get away with murder.
Beckett : What makes you think
UNK: I'm actually gonna fall for that blatant manipulation?
Castle : Because it's true.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What's this?
UNK: A traffic cam shot of Vales' car 10 blocks from the cemetery,
Beckett : heading away from the overpass where Glitch was killed.
UNK: 11 : 57? Glitch was killed after midnight.
UNK: This shows that Vales couldn't have killed him.
UNK: You did this for me?
Castle : All this time you had my back?
Beckett : I had Ryan run a traffic cam search while he was pulling a plate?
Beckett : It's not a smoking gun, Castle.
Beckett : Okay? You can't even see Vales' face in that photo.
Beckett : It's not enough to change Slaughter's mind,
Beckett : unless you've got something else.
Castle : There is one more thing that doesn't make sense.
Castle : This is a map of the area.
UNK: Here's the cemetery, here's the overpass.
Castle : But to get to it, Glitch would have to climb a six-foot fence.
Castle : Why do that when there's a subway station a block away?
Castle : Why hide when you can run?
Beckett : Maybe we can find out.
CASTLE : According to the CSU report,
Castle : Glitch was shot somewhere around here.
Castle : He staggered away and ended up on the other side of that pillar.
Beckett : So you think that Vales' plan was
Beckett : to use Glitch and the Jamaican heads to start up a gang war?
Castle : Yeah. Why?
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. It's not what I'm seeing.
Beckett : Let's say I'm Vales,
Beckett : and I shoot Glitch to start that war.
Beckett : Where do you think would be the best spot to drop off that body?
Castle : In the middle of Westie territory.
Beckett : Exactly. So why did he leave it here?
Castle : Oh, crap.
UNK: Well,
Slaughter : imagine my surprise when I got to the station with my killer
Slaughter : and I hear you're stirring up my crime scene.
Castle : Okay, look, I can explain...
UNK: Save it. He doesn't know any better, but you do.
Beckett : What I know is that you coerced
Beckett : a confession out of an 18-year-old kid.
Slaughter : I didn't coerce jack.
Slaughter : He works for a guy who's got a trail of bodies
Slaughter : that stretches all the way back to the Rio Grande.
Slaughter : If he doesn't go down for this, the body count just grows.
UNK: We got a traffic video camera photo of Vales' Escalade
UNK: 10 blocks from here when the murder went down.
Slaughter : Yeah, so what? Could you see him in the car?
Castle : Not exactly.
Slaughter : And if his lawyer gets a hold of it,
Slaughter : you've handed him reasonable doubt.
UNK: And Vales walks.
Castle : Maybe he deserves to walk.
Slaughter : He deserves to be pulled apart by horses.
Slaughter : But the law says I can't do that.
Slaughter : But what I can do is I can lock him up in prison
Slaughter : for the rest of his life.
Slaughter : Now, the question is, are you gonna back off
UNK: or am I gonna have to report you for jumping my case?