CASTLE : IN FOREIGN ACCENT You are very beautiful, Nikki Heat.
UNK: It is too bad that I have to kill you now.
UNK: Richard Castle : Uglier men than you have tried, Drago.
UNK: SCOFFS You have slapped me I will not...
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Playing with dolls, are we?
Castle : These are action figures. I am using them to envision a scene.
Castle : I owe a few chapters of Frozen Heat to my editor,
Castle : and I've not been able to write a page.
UNK: Maybe a case with Beckett might, you know, spark something.
Castle : She's prepping for a trial.
Castle : Is that the mail?
Martha : Oh, yeah, yeah.
Martha : Thank God Alexis is finally getting
Martha : some college acceptance letters.
Martha : Her friends started getting them weeks ago.
Martha : Richard Castle,
Martha : what on earth are you playing at?
Castle : I don't want Alexis to have to live through
Castle : that Stanford rejection nightmare again.
Castle : So I'm holding the letters.
Castle : This way, she gets them all at once,
Castle : and she'll get all the good news with the bad.
Martha : Richard, that is the dumbest idea you've ever had.
Martha : Now, you've got to give her these letters
Martha : before she has a nervous breakdown.
Castle : Okay, I will, I will.
UNK: But you have to admit,
Castle : watching her have a nervous breakdown is pretty funny.
Martha : Unlike yours.
UNK: Now, what are we gonna do about your writing?
Castle : Oh, I don't know.
UNK: I just need something different, something new.
Castle : Something like...
Castle : Severed heads?
Castle : Severed heads?
UNK: The victim was found shot to death after midnight.
UNK: According to police, his bag contained three severed heads.
Castle : Detective Slaughter, what can you tell us...
UNK: Get that camera out of my face before I put a bullet in it!
UNK: LAUGHS
Castle : Mother, forget severed heads I want to meet that guy.
Martha : You already have a muse, darling.
Castle : Yes, well, muses are to provide inspiration.
Castle : And right now, I ain't getting any.
Castle : So, Detective Nikki Heat,
Castle : meet Detective Slaughter.
UNK: You know what, park that in the conference room. Thank you.
Beckett : Hey! Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : I just haven't seen you in a few days.
Castle : Thought I'd drop by, see how you're doing.
Beckett : Thank you, that's so sweet. I'm great, actually.
Beckett : The trial prep is going really well,
Beckett : I've been getting home at a decent hour and...
Beckett : It's great to see you.
Castle : It's good to see you, too.
Castle : Hey, listen, do you know anything
Castle : about this Gang cop named Slaughter?
Beckett : The severed heads homicide? That's why you're here?
Castle : Well, no, I mean, just since you're busy prepping for the trial,
Castle : I just thought I'd look in this Slaughter guy.
UNK: Just get a sense of who he i for the background research, the...
Castle : Unless that's a problem?
Beckett : No. Not a problem.
UNK: Great. So where would I find him?
Beckett : Wherever the body is?
UNK: MOUTHING Wherever the body...
UNK: Darling, you might as well confess.
Slaughter : I know you killed him so we could spend some quality time together.
UNK: Not if you were the last man on Earth.
UNK: Don't think I'm not up to the challenge.
Laura : How about we skip the macho fantasy,
Laura : and I just tell you cause of death?
Slaughter : Let me guess. Lead poisoning?
Laura : Three shots to the chest.
Laura : Most likely died of blood loss within minutes.
Slaughter : Always figured Glitch would end up on this table.
UNK: "Glitch." It's his street name,
Slaughter : on account of he's such a screw-up.
Slaughter : You fish the slugs out for me?
Slaughter : Ah! See, you do love me.
UNK: Thirty-twos, I'm guessing?
Laura : You're talking abo ut the bullets, right?
UNK: Yeah.
CASTLE : Aren't you gonna a about the heads?
Slaughter : Who the hell are you?
Laura : That's Castle. He's a writer and he consults with the 12th.
Castle : It's weird, you can tell they aren't fresh.
Castle : You can smell it. Formaldehyde with a soupcon of decay.
Castle : Judging from the dirt in the hair,
Castle : I'd say our victim dug the bodies up and then cut their heads off.
Slaughter : No kidding, Sherlock.
Slaughter : I already got unis checking out the local cemeteries.
Slaughter : Not that it's any of your business.
Castle : Rick Castle.
Castle : And like Laura said, I work out of the one-two with Detective Beckett.
Castle : Here's the thing,
Castle : I was hoping I could ride along with you on this one.
Castle : Just for a day or two.
UNK: No. No?
Slaughter : I need a writer hanging around like I need a case of the crabs.
UNK: That's...
UNK: What could I say to change your mind?
UNK: Well, that is a very fine coat.
Castle : And it would look fabulous on you.