Maxy : next to a tricked out Escalade.
UNK: You telling me a third gang is involved in this?
Maxy : Man, I don't know who they are, man.
Maxy : But that Glitch clearly knew them.
UNK: He told them he had the heads, then things went south.
Maxy : The Mexicans opened fire on him
UNK: and took off running and so did I.
CASTLE : Okay, okay, okay,
Castle : so the Mexicans hunted down Glitch and they shot him.
Slaughter : Or he did and he's making up a story.
Slaughter : No, no, no, no. I can prove it.
Maxy : The Escalade had Texas plates.
UNK: I saw the first two letters. "R" and "X."
UNK: Okay, Maxi, but that license better check out
Slaughter : or I'm gonna come back here and recycle your ass.
UNK: It'll check. It'll check! It'll check, man, I swear.
UNK: Bye-bye. Slaughter!
UNK: Get me out of here! Help!
Castle : Another gang. That's plausible, right?
UNK: Yep. MAXI : Slaughter!
Slaughter : You threaten enough guys, you get a feel for their honesty.
Castle : But you wouldn't have really crushed him?
UNK: Of course not. It would have been more like a mangling.
MAXI : Slaughter!
UNK: Slaughter!
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Ryan : Detective Ryan. Yeah, it's Castle.
UNK: I have a partial Texas plate I need you to run.
UNK: First letters "R" and "X."
UNK: Yeah, Castle, EXHALES that's gonna be really tough for me.
Ryan : I'm pretty busy.
Castle : Really? You too, huh?
Esposito : Get the Ferrari. You know, Castle,
Ryan : Jenny's been bugging me to set you up with her cousin, Ramona.
Ryan : She's a dental hygienist.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Sounds good.
UNK: WHISPERS Ferrari.
Ryan : And I want the Ferrari for the weekend.
Castle : All right. Hey, and buddy, I am never going to forget this.
Castle : All right, we're all set.
Esposito : All right.
Slaughter : We'll get the results in the morning.
Slaughter : Tonight, we celebrate.
Castle : Celebrate what?
UNK: Well, you survived the first day on the job with me.
UNK: CHUCKLES Well, did you ever have a partner who didn't?
Castle : You know, I'd love to celebrate, but...
Slaughter : But what?
Castle : But nothing. But nothing. Let's...
Castle : Let's do this. What's the worst that can happen, right?
UNK: ALEXIS SCREAMING
Castle : What happened?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad, I got in, I got in!
UNK: Where?
Martha : Almost everywhere so far.
Alexis : Oxford, Princeton, Sarah Lawrence!
Castle : That's great, honey. I knew it would work out.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Alexis : Then why were you hiding the letters from me?
UNK: What? Come on, Dad.
Alexis : I can read a postmark. Some of these came last week.
UNK: Oh! I just... I'm sorry.
Castle : Honey, I'm just trying to protect you.
Alexis : I'm 18 now.
Alexis : You need to trust that I can take care of myself.
UNK: What?
Alexis : I got into Stanford.
UNK: Yes! Oh, great!
Martha : That's always been your first choice, right?
Castle : And yet I sense trouble.
Castle : I don't know. I mean, I should be happy.
Alexis : But after they shot me down for early admission...
Castle : They rejected you. And you feel betrayed.
Alexis : How am I supposed to get over that?
Slaughter : You look like crap.
UNK: Here. Little of the ha ir of the dog,
Slaughter : that'll get you flying right.
UNK: No, it's not gonna do anything to turn back time.
Castle : Anyway, where are we going?
UNK: A salvage yard in the Bronx.
Slaughter : I ran that Texas plate myself last night.
UNK: Turns out Maxi was telling the truth about the third player.
Slaughter : Escalade was registered to a Cesar Vales.
Slaughter : Runs with a Mexican gang.
Slaughter : Rumor has it they're making inroads into New York,
Slaughter : trying to corner the market on the city's crank trade.
Castle : So Vales is coming into town,
Castle : trying to muscle in on the Westies and the Jamaicans.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah. Which ain't exactly easy to do.
Castle : Well, it would be a lot easier
Castle : if he could get them to take each other out.
Slaughter : That's good.
Slaughter : So he's sitting around trying to think
Slaughter : about a way to make that happen,
UNK: and he overhears Glitch running his mouth.
Castle : Right, he realizes
Castle : if a Westie was to turn up murdered
Castle : with a bag full of Jamaican heads,
Castle : both sides would go to war.
UNK: And they can jump in and take over the territories.
Castle : Are you sure it's such a good idea
Shay : to go after this guy ourselves?
UNK: Maxi made him sound pretty dangerous.
Slaughter : Piece of cake. Guy's nothing but a two-bit punk.
UNK: He's high-level Mexican mafia, about as dangerous as they come.
Ryan : According to the DEA,
Ryan : Cesar Vales is suspected in the deaths of over a dozen people,
Ryan : including three cops in Mexico
Ryan : who were killed with a sledgehammer and then cut up into pieces.
Esposito : You don't think Castle and Slaughter are going after him?
Ryan : I'd put money on it 'cause I wasn't
UNK: the only one who ran his plates last night.
Ryan : Slaughter did, too.
Esposito : If Castle and Slaughter go after this guy,
Esposito : they're gonna both end up dead.
Esposito : We need to warn Castle.
Ryan : I tried, but his phone keeps going to voicemail.
Ryan : I got a bad feeling that they're on their way
Ryan : to take down Vales right now.