Ryan : I'll go back to the lawyer. See if he can get through to Fosse.
UNK: So I told him that there was a deal to be had, just not for amnesty.
Beckett : - And? - And he's still insisting he walk.
Boyer : I figured I'd give him a few minutes to think and try again.
Boyer : Detective, I swear, I'm doing everything I can.
Ryan : - Thanks. - Yeah.
Esposito : Yo, do me a favor.
Esposito : Why don't you keep junior over there busy for me, will you?
UNK: I'm gonna go see our boy in holding.
UNK: Why?
Esposito : You want that code, right?
UNK: Javi, what are you gonna do?
Epsosito : That's up to him.
Esposito : Medic! I need a medic in holding, now!
Gates : How in the hell did he get that pen?
UNK: That friggin' lawyer gave it to him.
Esposito : He was trying to encourage Fosse to come up with some alternate demands.
Gates : And instead, he just cost us any hope of getting that disarm code.
Esposito : The guy just got out of prison a couple of months ago.
Esposito : Why would he start killing people and why would he take his own life?
Ryan : I think I can answer that.
Ryan : Turns out Fosse had stage four brain cancer.
Ryan : Found out last month. He was gonna die anyway.
Gates : So if he was dying, why not take his enemies with him?
Ryan : Exactly. And his enemies
Ryan : weren't limited to cops and last night's bombing victim.
Ryan : There was another bombing last week in Connecticut.
Ryan : That victim worked for the ADA that put Fosse in jail six years ago.
UNK: Hey. Fosse said, "I'm not done yet."
Gates : Make a list of everyone involved with the prosecution at his trial.
Gates : We need to warn them.
Gates : There may be other bombs out there.
Gates : And get all the information
Gates : on any fragments that were recovered from both bombings.
Ryan : If those bombs were made with any common components,
UNK: it could help BDU deactivate the device that Beckett's on.
UNK: Without the disarm code, we're gonna need to get eyes on the device.
UNK: We use a fiber-optic scope, go in through the ceiling downstairs.
Castle : Is that dangerous?
Mahoney : Well, we'll do everything we can to minimize the risk.
Mahoney : We'll start across the room, snake the cable over.
Mahoney : Still, there'll be some vibrations, so there's always a chance that...
UNK: Just do it. I can't keep standing here forever.
UNK: All right, we'll go as quick as we can, but as slow as we have to.
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, listen to me...
Castle : I'm not leaving.
Boyer : Look, I know, but depending on what happens,
UNK: there's something that I need you to do.
Beckett : Something that I can't do myself.
UNK: You need me to hide your porn stash so your dad doesn't find it?
Beckett : Could you just be serious for a second, please?
Castle : Okay, what? What do you need me to do?
Beckett : Not now, okay? Just promise me you'll do it?
Castle : Yeah. Okay, yeah.
Castle : But you don't need to be thinking like this.
Beckett : I'm just... I'm trying to be realistic, Castle.
Beckett : I've been standing here for hours and I'm feeling the fatigue set in.
Castle : Don't think about it.
Castle : Beating fatigue, it's just... It's mind over body.
Castle : Escaped POWs have walked hundreds of miles to gain their freedom.
Castle : Polar explorer Ernest Shackleton rowed in a lifeboat
Castle : 800 miles to save his crew all because of...
Castle : You can convince yourself of almost anything,
Castle : much like you convinced yourself you weren't crazy about me.
Beckett : Castle, I know what you're trying to do.
Beckett : You're trying to take my mind off of it, and I appreciate that,