Castle : Island, cards, computer.
Beckett : Castle, I think I can reach that computer from here.
UNK: No, you stay there, I'll check it out.
Beckett : Do you think Fosse wanted Diego to look something up?
Castle : Maybe, but what?
Castle : Checking the browser history.
UNK: Porn, more porn,
UNK: web sites for a couple of Pls, People-tracker-dot-pro.
UNK: He was looking for someone.
UNK: Maybe it was someone else
UNK: that he held responsible for putting him in prison.
Castle : No, you can find practically anyone with the click of a mouse.
Castle : Why hire a private investigator?
Ryan : I think I might have an answer for you.
Ryan : I went through the list of all the people involved in Fosse's trial.
Ryan : One woman's been completely scrubbed from the system.
Ryan : Driver's license, social security number, all gone.
Castle : Who was that?
Ryan : Dorothy Novak.
Ryan : The prosecution's main witness, and Fosse's girlfriend at the time.
UNK: The DA just confirmed his office set her up with a new identity
Ryan : when Fosse got out three months ago.
Ryan : She was afraid Fosse would come after her.
Esposito : Looks like she was right.
Castle : Okay. But how is this Diego Jiminez supposed to help find her?
Esposito : Don't know. He worked at the NYSED.
Castle : New York State Education Department.
Castle : Wait, were the first two victims related to Fosse's girlfriend?
Esposito : Yeah, the woman he killed last night was the girlfriend's cousin.
Castle : And the first victim worked for the DA's office. They helped relocate her.
Beckett : Fosse didn't want revenge, he was looking for information from them.
Castle : He wanted to find out his girlfriend's new identity.
Castle : He was desperate to find them.
Beckett : - Castle. - Right there with you.
Castle : - Does she have a kid? - Yeah.
Ryan : She gave birth eight months after the trial. How did you know?
Beckett : It's his. He didn't find out about it until he got out.
Castle : And that's why he lured Diego here.
Castle : Diego had access to state school records.
Castle : He was trying to find his kid. It was all about...
Castle : That's the code. It has to be.
Beckett : Ryan, see if you can find the kid's name.
Gates : Working on it.
Castle : Okay, work fast, buddy. We got two minutes.
UNK: That story didn't make sense.
Castle : Fosse was desperate to see his kid just once before he dies.
Castle : But the mother has hidden the child away, so Fosse lashed out,
Castle : doing whatever it took to track them down.
Castle : Told you we'd figure this out.
Beckett : Castle, there's barely a minute left. You've gotta go.
Castle : - Not yet. - Please.
Beckett : If he finds the name I'll type it in myself. If not...
Castle : He'll come through.
Castle : He has to.
UNK: William. Kid's name is William.
Castle : Seven letters.
UNK: Billy.
UNK: Or Willy.
Esposito : What kind of mother's gonna call her kid Willy
Esposito : unless she wants his ass kicked every day at the playground?
UNK: Guys, 15 seconds. Your call, Beckett.
UNK: Billy. Go.
UNK: B-l-L-L-Y.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: She's off. She's off.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Hey, Castle, listen.
Beckett : Thank you for staying with me.
UNK: Always.
UNK: That's...
Castle : Perfect timing.
Esposito : You good?
Beckett : - Yeah, did she see? - No.
Gates : Glad to see you, Detective. Even you, Mr. Castle.
Gates : I have to say,
Gates : I don't know too many men who would've done what you did.
Beckett : Neither do I.
UNK: Oh, for heaven's sake, Detective. Just kiss the man.
Beckett : Sir, you know?
Gates : What? Do you think I'm an idiot?
Gates : I needed to maintain plausible deniability,
Gates : which I can continue as long as you two both act professionally at the precinct.
Castle : I know I can, but, Captain,
Castle : she has a long history of coming on to me at work...
Beckett : I don't think it'll be a problem, sir.
Gates : Good. Meanwhile, as long as we're on neutral ground here,