UNK: Always.
Beckett : Yeah, there is something about us that seems to draw in trouble.
Beckett : But you're forgetting the scariest one of them all.
Martha : Richard! I'm home!
Castle : - Oh, my God! - Ah!
Martha : Darling, we need to talk.
UNK: Hide.
Castle : - What? - Hide.
Beckett : - Are you serious? - Get in the closet.
Beckett : No, I'm not going in the closet!
Castle : - Get in the closet! - Oh!
Lanie : What's going on?
UNK: I'm just making the bed.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : That was terrifying.
Castle : But, still, as bad as the situation gets, we always find a way out.
UNK: Okay, fine. So how are we gonna find our way out of this one?
Castle : I keep thinking this answer is in Fosse's story.
Castle : I mean, something must have set him off. But what?
Beckett : Castle, why does his story matter?
Castle : The story always matters.
Castle : That's actually why we make such a great team.
Castle : You find the evidence, evidence helps me build the story,
Castle : the story points us to the solution.
UNK: - The key card. - Mike's key card!
Beckett : Scarlett gave it to him
UNK: so that the two of them could go into business together.
Castle : Making for one angry blackmailer.
UNK: And as long as he's alive, he's a threat to Dahl.
Castle : She was in on it from the start.
UNK: Yes! How did you know?
Castle : I was thinking the exact same thing.
Castle : I think I figured out who Zalman was paid to kill.
Beckett : Billionaire philanthropist, Christian Dahl?
Castle : It's like we could be twins.
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - I think I know who the killer is. - I think I know who the killer is.
Beckett : - Him! - Him!
Castle : - What? - What?
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - He lied! - He lied!
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - The con is still on! - The con is still on!
Beckett : - There! - There!
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - I know who the killer is. - I know who the killer is.
Ryan : Do you two practice this when we're not around?
Castle : See? The story. It's our secret ingredient.
Beckett : Except when your storytelling devolves into wild speculation.
Beckett : Then it's just maddening.
Castle : Hey, that wild speculation almost always points us to our killer.
Esposito : You know what I don't get is, who would steal a dead body?
Castle : Organ harvesters, cadaver-less med students, Satanists,
Castle : mad scientists looking to create their own monster.
Castle : The bullet was made of ice.