Mahoney : So it's very important that you don't move
UNK: till we figure out how to disarm it.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : BDU just confirmed it. Beckett's standing on a bomb.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Trace detection estimates 10 kilograms of RDX.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Enough to take out the whole building.
Esposito : So what's the plan?
Ryan : Sir, tell me there's a plan.
Gates : They're working on it. What do we have on that bomber?
Ryan : Looks like his motive was revenge.
Ryan : Kelly Runther, the woman he blew up last night,
Ryan : testified against him at his arson trial six years ago.
UNK: But why would he booby-trap his own apartment?
Esposito : The defense at his trial centered on allegations
Esposito : of evidence tampering by police, so...
Gates : He's got a vendetta against cops.
Esposito : Yes, sir. He wanted this to happen.
UNK: Well, we're not gonna let it.
Gates : You get him in the box.
UNK: I wanna know how to deactivate that bomb.
UNK: Archibald Fosse : What makes you think it can be deactivated?
Esposito : You better pray that it can,
Esposito : 'cause the person standing on it, she's a friend of mine.
Fosse : Not for long.
Ryan : That's where you're wrong. See, you're gonna help us.
Ryan : You know how the bomb is made,
Ryan : the detonator, the fuse, all the other little parts.
Ryan : They can stop any one of those parts from working, the bomb fails.
UNK: It's not gonna fail. I'm not done yet.
Fosse : None of this is over.
Esposito : Well, then you're going back to jail a cop-killer.
Esposito : And there's not a prison around that's gonna...
UNK: You wanna save your friend? I want a lawyer.
UNK: Now.
Mahoney : We're estimating the trigger plate is about three feet by three feet.
Mahoney : So no one crosses this line.
Castle : And the disarming process? How long does that usually take?
Mahoney : Well, that depends on the bomb.
Mahoney : We still don't know what kind of device we're dealing with.
Castle : So what are we supposed to do in the meantime? Just...
UNK: We can't have her just stand there.
Beckett : I'm okay, Castle.
Castle : - No, you're not okay. - You're standing...
UNK: Look, you said stepping on the plate was like cocking the hammer,
Castle : stepping off the plate was pulling the trigger.
Castle : What if we replaced Beckett with something of equal weight, you know?