UNK: Why don't you find another apartment?
Ross : I've already looked at 1000 apartments this month.
Ross : None of them even compares to that one.
UNK: Well, except for one, but I would have had to share it with an Armenian family.
UNK: Grandma really liked me.
UNK: But I want Ugly Naked apartment!
Joey : You know what?
UNK: You should find out his hobbies and use that to bond with him.
UNK: Like if I wanted something from Joey...
Rachel : ...I would strike up a conversation about sandwiches...
Rachel : ...or my underwear.
Joey : I'm listening.
Ross : That is a great idea!
Ross : And I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for five years.
Ross : So that gives me back my edge!
Ross : Let's see now. He had the trampoline.
Phoebe : He broke that.
Ross : -He had gravity boots. -He broke those too.
Joey : So he likes to break stuff.
Ross : I've got to go pick up Ben. But I will figure something out.
Ross : Didn't he used to have a cat?
Phoebe : I wouldn't bring that up. It would bum him out.
Joey : Poor cat never saw that big butt coming.
Rachel : Hold on a second, she's right here.
Rachel : It's Chandler.
Phoebe : Hello, you.
Chandler : Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day.
Chandler : You know that thing you said before? I was intrigued.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Joey won't be here tonight.
Chandler : Why don't you come over? I'll let you feel my bicep.
Chandler : Or maybe more.
Phoebe : I'll have to get back to you on that.
Phoebe : He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Rachel : Are you kidding?
Rachel : I cannot believe he would do that to Mon
Rachel : Joey? Do they know that we know?
Joey : They know you know.
Rachel : I knew it!
UNK: I would say, "Thank God! Everybody knows! It's finally over!"
UNK: But that hasn't been working for me.
Rachel : I cannot believe those two!
UNK: They thought they could mess with us? Trying to mess with us?
Monica : They don't know that we know they know we know.
Phoebe : Joey, you can't say anything.
UNK: Couldn't if I wanted to.
UNK: Good evening, sir. I'm Ross Geller. I'm one of the applicants.
Ross : I realize that the competition is fierce but...
UNK: I'm sorry, I can't help but notice that you're naked.
Ross : I applaud you.
Ross : Man, I wish I was naked.
UNK: I mean, this looks so great.
Ross : That is how God intended it.
UNK: Look. They're panicked!
UNK: They'll totally back down.
Phoebe : If he wants a date, he's going to get a date.
UNK: I'm going to go in.
Rachel : Be sexy.
UNK: Please.
Phoebe : I'd love to come by tonight.
UNK: Really?