UNK: Mon, you want to come see a movie with us?
UNK: Actually, I was going to do some laundry.
UNK: Want to do it with me?
UNK: Sure, I'll do it with you.
Rachel : Okay, great. Hold on a second.
Rachel : Here you go.
Rachel : That would really help me out a lot. Thanks.
Joey : You know what? I don't have enough quarters.
Phoebe : I have quarters!
UNK: Great. Now we can do laundry all night. All night laundry!
UNK: Hey, any word on the apartment yet?
UNK: I called there, and it turns out Naked Guy is subletting it.
UNK: He's already had 100 applicants.
Ross : -Oh, man. -No, no, it's okay.
UNK: Because you know what the difference between them and me is?
UNK: Your history of bedwetting?
UNK: Hey, I trusted you, man!
UNK: Anyway, the difference is...
UNK: ...I've got the edge.
Ross : It's not exactly ethical, but I sent him a bribe...
UNK: ...to tip the scales in my direction.
UNK: You can see it from the window.
Monica : Is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Chandler : That new mountain bike?
Monica : What did you send?
UNK: A basket of mini muffins.
UNK: There's a whole table of them. Which one did you send?
Ross : The small one.
Rachel : You actually thought that basket was going to get you the apartment?
UNK: Someone sent us a basket at work, and people went crazy over those muffins.
Ross : It was the best day.
Chandler : Your work makes me sad.
Ross : Oh, man, I want that place so much!
UNK: And I was so sure that was going to work.
UNK: There's 12 bucks I'll never see again.
UNK: We'd better go if we want to catch that movie.
UNK: Bye.
Phoebe : Bye, Chandler. I miss you already.
UNK: Did you see that? The inappropriate, and the pinching?
Monica : Actually, I did.
UNK: So do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Ross : Oh, my God! She knows about us!
Chandler : Are you serious?
UNK: She knows, and she's trying to freak us out!
Monica : That's the only explanation!
UNK: But what about my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps?
Rachel : She knows!
Chandler : Phoebe knows about us.
Joey : I didn't tell them!