UNK: They, uh... They had another lead they were looking into.
Ryan : Another lead? You caught the guy.
UNK: Yeah, they were double-checking eyewitness accounts.
Esposito : Since it's a high-profile case,
UNK: Beckett wants to make sure that we don't make any mistakes.
Gates : Well, that's good to hear,
Gates : 'cause we wouldn't want her making any mistakes, now, would we?
ROD : Warehouse in Union City.
Lanie : Yeah, yeah, I remember this fire.
UNK: The report said it was an accident.
Dale : Yeah, that's right.
Beckett : And you're sure?
Halstead : Yeah, I'm sure.
Castle : And this report hasn't been altered in any way since you filed it?
Halstead : No, why?
Beckett : Mr. Halstead, this is very important.
Beckett : Was there anything that you didn't put in that report?
UNK: Javier Esposito : What do you mean?
Beckett : Anything that might indicate suspicious activity?
Halstead : If there was anything suspicious, Detective, it'd be in the report.
Halstead : Power surge to the junction box. One-in-a-million event.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : So at no point did anyone pressure you
UNK: into keeping some information out of that report?
Halstead : You are way out of line here. I'm out of line?
UNK: I'm not the one who falsified that report.
Halstead : Get out of my station.
Beckett : Who set that fire? Who had you cover it up?
Gates : Get out! Okay.
Beckett : You tell them that I'm coming after them!
UNK: And you tell them that I'll find them!
Martha : What the hell are you doing?
Beckett : He's lying.
Beckett : You don't know that.
Beckett : Yes, I do.
Beckett : Esposito. I need you to get me everything you can on Rod Halstead.
Beckett : Yeah, and send it to my apartment.
Beckett : I don't need Gates looking over my shoulder.
UNK: You got it. That was Beckett.
UNK: How'd it go with Halstead?
Esposito : She wants to pull some files. He cut a deal yet?
UNK: Nope.
Ryan : You know what I don't get? What's that?
UNK: Her time of death was around 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Now, if Dale's our shooter,
UNK: now why'd he hang around for another six hours after he shot Sonya?
Esposito : He likes to cuddle. I don't know.
Esposito : It's not like blowing away your girlfriend
Esposito : is a rational act to begin with.
UNK: Why?
Ryan : If I'm asking the question, the jury's gonna be, too.
CASTLE : This guy's got multiple citations for valor,
UNK: commendations from the mayor.
Castle : He's literally saved dozens of people from burning buildings.
Castle : It's hard to believe this guy's dirty.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we've been surprised before.
Josh : Okay. Um...
Castle : Does he intersect with anyone else in the case?
Castle : Montgomery, Raglan, McCallister?
Beckett : No. There's nothing in the files.
Esposito : Might have known them socially.
Castle : But we've been over their lives with a fine-tooth comb.
Castle : He's never come up once.
UNK: Okay, so maybe he was a target of opportunity.
Beckett : He might have needed the money.
Castle : Nothing in his financial records to indicate any problems.
Castle : And given his record, he's...
UNK: "Given his record" what?
Castle : I'm just saying, what if he's not our guy?
Castle : What if the fire was an accident?
Beckett : It wasn't an accident. I know it wasn't an accident.
Castle : You can't know that.
UNK: Woman 2 : I can, because if this was an accident,
UNK: then I've got nowhere to start.
Beckett : If this was an accident, then I've got nothing!
Beckett : The guy who shot me is gone.
Beckett : Dick Coonan, gone.
Beckett : Hal Lockwood, gone. Montgomery, gone.
UNK: My mom. Everybody is gone, Castle.
UNK: EXHALES
ALEXIS : Missed you for dinner tonight.
Castle : Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. I was working.
Alexis : You were with Beckett.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I thought you said you weren't going back.
Josh : I'm not.
Castle : Look, I'm not. It's just this one case.
Alexis : Yeah, well, there's leftovers in the fridge.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Hello.
MAN : Mr. Castle. Yeah.
UNK: Mystery Man : I'm a friend of Roy Montgomery's.
UNK: Mystery Man : I'm calling about Detective Beckett.
UNK: Mystery Man : We need to talk.
Martha : Do you have any idea who he was?
Castle : Just that he's a friend of Montgomery's,
Castle : said he owed Montgomery his life.
Castle : He said Montgomery sent him some files.
Castle : Files that, if they ever got out,
Castle : could hurt some very powerful people.
Castle : They were using those files as a threat
Castle : to keep Montgomery's family from ever being harmed.
Castle : Beckett's safety was also part of the deal.
Martha : But they went after her anyway.
Castle : He didn't get the files until after she was shot.
Castle : He says she's safe now,
Castle : on one condition.
Castle : She can't go near the case.
Castle : If she does, he can't guarantee her safety.
Castle : If she digs, they will kill her.
Martha : And this man, you believe him?
Esposito : I do. Then you have to tell her.
UNK: If I do that, she'll put on blinders and run out into the line of fire.
Castle : I can't let that happen.
Martha : You are not going to change her, Richard.
UNK: She's gonna keep going out there and she's gonna keep digging.
Castle : Not if I stop her.
Castle : She'll listen to me. I can steer her away.
Martha : For how long?
UNK: I'm not gonna lose her again.
Castle : MARTHA SIGHS
Alexis : So, I guess it's not just for this case, is it?
Castle : How much did you hear?
UNK: Enough.
Castle : Look, it's really important you don't say anything, all right?