Castle : Especially to Beckett.
Alexis : You act like this is all about her,
Alexis : but you were standing right next to her.
Alexis : You could have been shot. Hell, I could have been shot.
Castle : That's why I have to do this. To make sure they stay away.
Alexis : Yeah? You need to grow up, Dad.
Alexis : You're a writer, not a cop.
Alexis : Stop pretending.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : Do you remember what you told me
Castle : the first time I brought up your mother's case?
Castle : That if you got started again, you wouldn't stop.
Castle : You said it would probably destroy...
Beckett : Yeah, well, I didn't have any leads then.
Castle : We don't have any now.
Beckett : Look, Castle, I got a little emotional last night.
Beckett : I'm fine.
Castle : No, you're not.
Castle : And you know you're not.
Castle : You've been back here three days, you're already in a free fall.
Castle : I'm not telling you to walk away, I'm just saying give it time.
Castle : You know, just until you get your bearings again.
Beckett : How am I supposed to get my bearings
Beckett : when someone out there wants me dead?
Castle : By not letting them rob you of your life.
Castle : I promise you we will figure this out.
UNK: We're gonna find them and we're gonna make them pay.
Castle : Just not today.
Beckett : Castle, if I don't do this, I don't know who I am.
Castle : You're who you always were.
Castle : You're the one who honors the victims.
Castle : You're the one who can bring Sonya's family some peace.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Anything?
Ryan : According to the DA, we just turned a slam-dunk case into a Hail Mary.
ESPOSITO : Yeah, superc op over here had to keep digging, so, you know.
UNK: And?
UNK: CSU found trace residual of barbiturat es in the vodka glasses,
Esposito : which means Dale and Sonya were both roofied
Esposito : when they got back to the apartment.
Castle : Well, it still could have been the boyfriend, right?
Castle : I mean, he could have meant to roofie her,
Castle : but roofied them both instead, not that that makes any sense.
UNK: But what other explanation is there?
Ryan : There was no one else in the apartment,
Ryan : and according to the security system, no one else
Ryan : entered or left the apartment between 10 : 00 p.m. and 9 : 00 a.m.
Esposito : Which means the boyfriend has to be the shooter.
UNK: Unless... ALL : Unless what?
Beckett : The killer was in the apartment the whole time.
Castle : When they came home, they thought they were alone.
BECKETT : Meanwhile, while they're out of the room,
Beckett : the killer slips out, spikes their drinks,
UNK: and then slips back into his hiding place, where he...
Castle : Or she. ...waits for them to pass out.
UNK: Literally lying in wait.
Ryan : That's creepy.
BECKETT : And then a couple of hours later,
Beckett : he slips out again, grabs the pillow, and bam.
UNK: And then he... Or she.
Beckett : ...wipes the gun clean and puts it into Dale's hand.
UNK: Who wakes up, he panics, he runs.
Castle : All the while, our killer bides his time,
UNK: waiting till the body is discovered before he makes his...
UNK: Jim Beckett : Or her.
UNK: ...escape. Gentlemen, would you?
Josh : One, two, three.
UNK: The bloodstain on the bottom of the mattress
Castle : dripped down onto the carpet.
Castle : There's no drip marks in the middle. Your light?
UNK: Ah.
RYAN : Fingerprints.
CASTLE : Someone was here.
Beckett : Looks like they found a killer hiding place.
Esposito : Hiding under a bed for hours while the girl you just shot bleeds out?
UNK: You've gotta be one sick bastard to do something like that.