Castle : It's actually pretty clever.
Castle : You commit a murder and frame an innocent man, all at the same time.
Esposito : And then you get away with it
Beckett : because the police already think they have their killer.
Beckett : No one's looking for you.
Esposito : Mitch Yancey. That's Dale's bandmate.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : Ryan. Let's go.
Martha : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I don't even... MITCH : Put the gun down!
Mitch : I said put it down!
UNK: Just let me walk out of here, okay? That's all I want.
UNK: Don't... Don't...
Beckett : Don't move, Mitch!
MITCH : I'll shoot you, I swear!
Castle : Take it easy, Kate.
Mitch : I just need you to let me go.
Castle : Take it easy. You've got this.
Castle : You've got this.
MITCH : Just put it down and stay back.
Mitch : Stay back!
BECKETT : You don't wanna do this, Mitch.
Beckett : Because I will have to put you down.
Beckett : Do you understand?
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Beckett : Put that gun down now.
Beckett : Turn around. Hands behind your head.
UNK: SIGHS
Esposito : Mitch Yancey, you're under arrest.
UNK: HANDCUFFS CLICKING
RYAN : Turns out Mitch had been seeing Sonya secretly for a year,
Ryan : all the time she was with Dale.
Castle : Mitch insisted that she leave Dale,
Castle : but instead, she broke it off with him.
Castle : So this was Mitch's plan to take care of them both.
RYAN : He knew Sonya's security code, but to frame Dale,
Ryan : he knew that the system couldn't record anyone else
Ryan : entering or exiting the apartment around the time of the murder.
Ryan : So he used a key that he'd stolen to slip in hours earlier in the day.
UNK: Jim Beckett : All right. Cut the boyfriend loose.
Gates : I'll brief the press and let them know we have a confession.
UNK: So how's it feel?
Beckett : It's not enough.
UNK: But it's enough for now.
Castle : Thank you for having my back in there.
UNK: It's what partners are for.
Castle : Oh, and hey,
Castle : we'll figure it out.
Castle : That wall inside? It won't be there forever.
Castle : You're right.
Castle : I do need to grow up.
Castle : And that's why I'm doing what I'm doing.
Castle : Everything that's happened, happened because of me.
Castle : And I need to be there for her. I owe her that.
Alexis : Does she make you happy?
Castle : Yeah, she does.
Alexis : Is it enough?
Beckett : It's enough for now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Dad?
Alexis : Don't grow up too much, okay?
UNK: Hey.
Castle : It's me we're talking about.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : You're probably surprised to see me back here.
UNK: I bet most cops never come back after they pass their psych eval.
UNK: DR. BURKE : Everyone's different. Yeah.
Burke : What's on your mind?
Beckett : I don't even know where to start.
Burke : Well, why don't we start with the shooting?
Burke : Is any of it coming back to you?
Beckett : I lied
UNK: before.
Burke : Well, what do you remember?
Beckett : I remember everything.