Kovaks : Mr. Beckett?
UNK: Yes.
KOVAKS : Your daughter is out of surgery.
JIM : Will she be all right?
Kovaks : Well, during the surgery, she experienced cardiac arrest.
Kovaks : Now, we were able to get her heart beating again on its own,
Kovaks : but we'll need to watch her very closely.
UNK: Jim Beckett : When can I see her?
Kovaks : Once the nurses get her settled,
Kovaks : we'll bring you back to her.
Kovaks : The rest of you should go home. Get some rest.
Esposito : I don't know about you, br but home's the last place I'm going.
UNK: Not till we catch the son of a bitch who did this.
Ryan : Right behind you.
Martha : We're fine. Go.
Martha : Are you okay?
LANIE : Yeah.
RYAN : The shooter's rifle.
Ryan : It's clean for prints. Lab's running a trace right now for DNA.
Castle : Well, what about the gun? Can we track the gun?
Esposito : According to the DOD, the serial number matches a weapon
Esposito : that was issued to one Martin Holst,
UNK: a Navy SEAL who was killed in action seven years ago.
Esposito : His body was recovered in a subsequent mission,
Esposito : but the weapon was not.
Esposito : Anything from the K-9 unit?
Ryan : Dogs picked up a scent, traced it to the west side of the cemetery,
Ryan : but then they lost it there.
Castle : In a sea of cops, how does this guy go unnoticed?
Ryan : He may not have.
UNK: Half of the guys we talked to said they remember seeing a groundskeeper
Ryan : taking cover from the shooter behind a tree.
UNK: But according to the ground staff, none of them were in the area.
Esposito : He blended in during the chaos and then disappeared.
UNK: If this guy is some pro-for-hire,
UNK: he could be halfway to Cuba by now.
Esposito : Then we'll go to Cub a and find his ass.
Castle : It just doesn't make any sense.
Castle : It was supposed to be over.
UNK: Montgomery sacrificed himself,
Castle : killing Lockwood and all his guys.
Castle : He said he was ending it.
Castle : He said he was doing it to keep her safe.
Castle : So if the plan was to keep her safe,
UNK: then why the hell are they still coming after her?
Esposito : I don't know, bro. God knows who else is involved.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Yeah. Are you sure?
JOSH : This bracelet looks good on you. It's not diamonds.
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Beckett : Hey, Castle.
Josh : I'll see you after rounds.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : You're staring at me. I must look really bad.
Castle : No. I just never thoug ht I'd see you again.
Castle : I heard you were opening a flower store
Castle : so I thought I'd pitch in.
Beckett : They were all here when I woke up.
Beckett : I think they're mostly from the precinct.
Beckett : I don't think I'm going to live this one down, Castle.
Castle : Oh. Probably not.
Beckett : I hear that you tried to save me.
Castle : Yeah, I...
Castle : You heard?
Castle : You don't remember me tackling you?
Beckett : No, I don't remember much of anything.
Beckett : I remember that I was on the podium,
UNK: and then I remember everything just going black.
Castle : You don't remember
UNK: the gunshot?
UNK: No.
UNK: They say that there are some things that are better not being remembered.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : I keep seeing his face, Castle.
Beckett : Every time I close my eyes,
Beckett : I see Montgomery lying on the hangar floor.
UNK: You should've let me go in there.
Castle : They would have killed you.
Beckett : You don't know that.
UNK: Kate...
Beckett : Castle, I'm really tired right now.
Castle : Of course.
Castle : Of course. We'll talk tomorrow.
Beckett : Do you mind if we don't?
Beckett : I just need a little bit of time.
Castle : Sure, sure. How much time?
Beckett : I'll call you, okay?
UNK: Sure.