Beckett : I like the dedication.
Castle : It seemed right.
Beckett : Must have been hard writing that ending.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, given the circumstances, yeah.
UNK: So why'd you guys break up?
Beckett : I really, really liked him.
Beckett : But that wasn't enough.
Beckett : After my mother was killed something inside me changed.
Beckett : It's like I built up this wall inside.
Beckett : I don't know, I guess I just didn't wanna hurt like that again.
UNK: I know I'm not gonna be able to be the kind of person that I want to be.
UNK: I know I'm not gonna...
UNK: I'm not gonna be able to have the kind of relationship that I want
Beckett : until that wall comes down.
UNK: And it's not gonna happen till I put this thing to rest.
UNK: Well, then I suppose we're just gonna haveto
Castle : find these guys and take them down.
Castle : Doesn't mean I'm not still mad.
Beckett : The boys told me about what you did,
Beckett : following the money trail,
Beckett : trying to track down who the cops paid off.
Castle : I just wish it led somewhere.
Castle : I mean, I located the files.
Castle : When the bank closed, they took all the dead account paperwork
Castle : and stored it in a warehouse in Union City.
Castle : But a couple years after the move,
UNK: a fire broke out and the files were destroyed.
Castle : It's just another dead end.
UNK: How'd it happen?
Castle : It was an accident. It was old wiring.
Castle : Are you sure?
Castle : Yeah, there was an investigation.
Beckett : Well, did you see the report from the fire investigator?
UNK: No.
UNK: But, really, a warehouse fire?
Castle : Seems an awful lot of trouble just for a couple of files.
Beckett : That's no more trouble than they've already gone through.
Beckett : I mean, we have to read that report.
UNK: It's just there's this one problem.
UNK: What?
UNK: How are you gonna help if Gates kicked you out?
Castle : I only let her kick me out because there was no reason to stay.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : She'll take me back.
UNK: Yes, Mr. Mayor. Yes, sir. I understand. Okay. I...
UNK: CALL DISCONNECTS
Castle : You think you're clever, Mr. Castle?
Castle : Going around my back like that?
Castle : Well, let me tell you the score.
Castle : I don't care how powerful your friends are.
UNK: You screw up at all on my watch,
Castle : and I'll prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law.
Lanie : You understand me?
Castle : Yes, ma'am.
UNK: "Sir." Sir.
Gates : Now get out of my office.
UNK: Detective? CLEARS THROAT Yes.
UNK: You or that pal there embarrass me like that again,
Gates : I will bury you.
Gates : Yes, sir.
UNK: Now,
Beckett : if you don't mind,
Beckett : I'd like my gun back.
Beckett : Showing her up with the mayor?
Beckett : You might as well have beaten a beehive with a bat.
CASTLE : It worked, didn't it?
Castle : Besides, it sure was great seeing her face twitch like that.
BECKETT : Sonya Gilbert?
Ryan : Yep. Guns, drugs and love gone wrong.
Beckett : Where are you with the boyfriend?
RYAN : APB is out, but he hasn't been home,
UNK: and none of his bandmates know where he is.
Castle : What was his motiv RYAN : The usual.e?
Ryan : He and the vic had been fighting.
Ryan : He was in love, she wanted out.
ESPOSITO : Psst!
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : I pulled the report on the fire from records.
Esposito : Check the date.
Beckett : That warehouse burned down three weeks after my mom's murder.
Ryan : That can't be a coincidence.
Castle : Someone was destroying evidence.
Castle : Evidence that could lead to your mom's killers.
Beckett : But the investigator ruled it an accident.
Esposito : And there's nothing in there to suggest arson.
Ryan : Maybe someone altered it.
Castle : There's an easy way to find out.
Castle : Just ask the man who wrote the report. Rod Halstead.
Beckett : Unless they got to him, too.
UNK: No, he's alive and on the job.
Esposito : Now, get your ass over there
Esposito : and find something we can use to reopen the investigation.
Gates : Ryan! Esposito!
Esposito : Yeah, we were just...
Esposito : Yeah, we were just getting a drink of water.
UNK: Ryan. : Yeah, is that thing broken? I just...
Gates : Saddle up. We just got a hit on the APB.