WOMAN : United States Capitol. How may I direct your call?
UNK: Mystery Man : Congressional offices, please.
UNK: Phone Operator : Hold, please.
UNK: PEOPLE APPLAUDING
RYAN : Hey, Beckett. What are you doing here?
UNK: We didn't think you were back till next week.
Beckett : Yeah, well, two months of listening to crickets in my dad's cabin
Beckett : was driving me nuts.
Castle : It's okay.
Espostio : You don't have to make excuses.
Espostio : We know you missed us. That's why you couldn't stay away.
Beckett : Shut up.
UNK: So, anything?
Ryan : Still nowhere.
Castle : What about the groundskeeper?
UNK: This guy's a ghost.
Ryan : We ran face hits on surveillance,
Ryan : license plates. Nothing panned out.
ESPOSITO : We did get DNA off the weapon,
Espostio : but there were no matches in the system.
Espostio : We flagged it, though.
UNK: But didn't Castle tell you about all this?
UNK: No.
Esposito : That's weird. Why wouldn't he...
Esposito : Why would he hide that from you?
UNK: He's not hiding anything. I just haven't seen him in a while.
UNK: How long is a while?
Beckett : Pretty much since the shooting.
Ryan : Why? What happened?
Beckett : Nothing happened. I just needed some time.
ESPOSITO : What, he left you alone for three months?
Beckett : You guys, it wasn't his fault. I told him that I would call.
Esposito : Why didn't you?
Esposito : He was here with us every day working the case.
Esposito : For months.
Esposito : He'd still be here if the new captain hadn't kicked him to the curb.
Beckett : She kicked him out. Why?
Ryan : Apparently, her precinct's got no room for a dilettante writer playing cop.
Ryan : Captain Victoria Gates, aka Iron Gates.
UNK: As by-the-book as they come.
Ryan : She cut her teeth as a detective with Internal Affairs.
Beckett : Wow, that's not going to win her any popularity points.
RYAN : Yeah, it's like she brought her distrust of cops along with her.
ESPOSITO : One thing's for sure, she's no Montgomery.
Ryan : Hey, if she hasn't talked to Castle, she doesn't know about the bank yet.
Beckett : What bank?
UNK: Well, we weren't getting any traction on the shooter,
Esposito : so Castle suggested we check out Montgomery, McCallister and Raglan.
Esposito : See who they might have been in business with back in the day.
RYAN : We know those guys were getting fat ransoming wise guys.
UNK: Maybe they used that stash to pay off the guy
UNK: who ordered yo ur mother's murder.
UNK: Yeah, so Castle thinks he's found the bank that they used.
UNK: So then there's a money trail.
RYAN : Only problem is the bank closed down.
Ryan : No one knows where those old records ended up.
Espostio : We were working to locate them
Espostio : when Iron Gates shut down the investigation.
Beckett : She shut the case down? Why?
Ryan : No new leads on the shooter,
Ryan : and we couldn't tell her the rest of it
Ryan : without implicating Captain Montgomery.
UNK: Ma'am...
Gates : If my mother drops by, you can call her "ma'am."
UNK: Call me "sir" or "Captain."
Beckett : Detective Beckett. I'm back on active as of today.
Beckett : Detective Beckett. Your reputation precedes you.
Gates : Youngest woman in the NYPD to make detective.
Gates : You beat me by six weeks.
Beckett : I didn't realize that people kept score.
Gates : Everybody keeps score, Detective. Especially those downtown.
UNK: Looks like you passed your psych eval, so, welcome back.
Beckett : Thank you. I'll also need my gun.
Esposito : Not until you re-qualify.
Beckett : I'm sorry?
Gates : You were on disability for three months.
Gates : Reg says you don't get your piece back until you re-qualify.
Beckett : And what about my case? What do regs say about that?
Esposito : Three months and no leads,
Gates : and every day more homicides coming through that door?
Gates : How long did you expect me to let those folks tread water?
Gates : There were good people on this case.
Gates : There just isn't anything out...
UNK: I'm sorry, sir, but with all due respect, those people aren't me.
Gates : Excuse me?
UNK: The people that you had working this case, they're not me.
Gates : Look, I don't know what kind of shop Montgomery was running here,
UNK: but it'll be a cold day in hell if I let a cop, any cop,
UNK: investigate their own shooting.
Gates : My precinct is no place for vendettas.
Gates : Do we understand each other?
Beckett : I want my gun.
UNK: So you gotta re-qualify. It's no big deal.
UNK: It is a little insulting...
Beckett : Where are the files on the money trail?
Ryan : Castle's got them.