Castle : Headphones? Aren't you gonna let me hear it?
Beckett : And reward you for your semi-illegal behavior? I think not.
UNK: I... Fine, I'll put it on speaker.
Castle : Seriously? Because if it wasn't for me, we wouldn't even... What?
Beckett : Lance just walked into Boothe's office.
Beckett : They're exchanging pleasantries.
UNK: And they're getting down to business.
Beckett : Oh, my God.
Castle : What is it?
Beckett : Oh, my God!
Castle : What are they saying? Please just tell me what they're saying.
UNK: This is so not what I expected.
Beckett : Oh, my God!
Trey : So what's this about?
Beckett : Trey, how well do you know Henry Allen Boothe?
Trey : Well, if someone owns a club, it's my job to know them.
Trey : I met him through my dad. They did a few movies together.
UNK: In fact, Boothe invested some seed money
Castle : so you could become a club promoter.
UNK: Then, as a promoter, you had access to all the clubs in the city.
UNK: Boothe used that access to sell drugs in those clubs.
Beckett : Or so we're told by Narcotics.
Beckett : I don't hear you denying this, Trey.
Trey : I didn't know about the drugs at first.
Trey : And once I did, it was too late.
Trey : He owned me.
UNK: Let me guess. Boothe said you could buy him out,
Castle : but at a price he knew you could never afford.
Castle : What was it? $200,000?
Beckett : You didn't tell your parents about any of this, did you?
Trey : I wanted to make my own way.
Trey : Not have Brock Harmon come to the rescue.
Castle : But Lance found out.
UNK: He tried to buy out Boothe, pay your ransom.
Castle : Just like Rico Cruz did in Hard Kill.
UNK: Yeah, and I begged him not to.
Trey : This wasn't some movie.
UNK: I knew that Boothe wasn't gonna let me go,
Trey : and Lance couldn't just walk in there with a bag of money and fix things.
Trey : But suddenly he wanted to be a hero.
UNK: I told him he was gonna get us both killed.
Castle : But he only got himself killed. Trying to save you.
Beckett : We have an audio recording of Boothe from that night.
UNK: How?
Castle : Lance bugged his office.
UNK: After Boothe kicked Lance out of his office,