UNK: Uh, okay, have unis check for security video at the hotel,
UNK: and let's round up any of Lance's personal effects from his room.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Thanks, L.T.
Ryan : You know, I don't understand.
Ryan : Why would Lance leave Brock Harmon's Fifth Avenue digs
Ryan : to go stay in a flophouse?
Esposito : And without telling anyone. He was definitely up to something.
Esposito : Hey! A Hard Kill DVD.
Esposito : Looks like Lance was trying to relive the old days.
Castle : "Time to hit Cruz control."
UNK: You know, maybe that's what I need. A catchphrase.
UNK: "Time to mete out justice."
UNK: "Time for prison time."
Esposito : Yeah, you keep working on that, bro.
UNK: "Time to pay the bill for doing the kill."
UNK: Okay, on second thought, don't.
Ryan : Hey, building schematics?
Esposito : There's a bunch of weird stuff in this box.
Esposito : Soldering iron, blue craft paint,
Esposito : a microphone, a USB drive. Both empty cases.
Esposito : Looks like he was building something.
Esposito : Like a recording device.
Ryan : And then he added stickers to it?
UNK: Stickers? What the hell is that about?
Ryan : I don't know, but the two and five are missing.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: "Trey." Hey, this must be Trey Harmon, Brock Harmon's kid.
Ryan : Why would Lance call him?
Trey : He wanted to ask me about the New York club scene.
Trey : That's my thing. I'm a club promoter.
Trey : But I kind of shut him down, to be honest.
UNK: Why is that?
Trey : After the cancer, he got sober.
UNK: No way I was gonna help him
Trey : fall off the wagon and start partying again.
UNK: Hmm.
Ryan : Do you recognize this?
Ryan : Think it might be the floor plan to a club?
Brock : I barely touched you.
UNK: I don't know. I can't really tell what that is.
Trey : Did Lance have this?
Ryan : Yeah, and we don't think that he wanted to party.
Ryan : Did he explain to you why he was interested in clubs?
UNK: Not really.
UNK: He just said that there was something he needed to take care of.
UNK: "There was something he needed to take care of."
Castle : I have a theory!
UNK: Great! 'Cause right now, I could use one.
UNK: It's a classic action movie plot device.
UNK: Lance, his Black Op days long behind him,
UNK: decides to go on one final mission.
UNK: To vanquish his old nemesis.
Beckett : Which would be?
UNK: Uh, it's a rival assassin, who was once his best friend but then betrayed him.
UNK: Or, actually, a Blofeld-style supervillain,
Castle : who killed Lance's wife and then disappeared.
Beckett : Yeah, but Kat Kingsley is still alive.
Castle : No, Lance's other wife from his tragic but secret CNI past.
Castle : Now, I admit I'm a little sketchy on the details
Castle : of the mission and the nemesis,
UNK: but bottom line is, Lance embarked on a mission.
UNK: The years had caught up with him, he had lost his step.
Castle : So he was dispatched by another operative
Castle : who was younger, quicker and deadlier.
Esposito : And possibly female.
Esposito : Tory screened that security cam video from the hotel and found this.
Esposito : That's Lance leaving through the hotel lobby on his last day on Earth.
UNK: And 10 seconds later, this woman goes after him.
Castle : That's her! That's the operative!
Castle : She's wearing a dark coat, just like the person who left the crime scene.
Castle : She must have trailed Lance from the hotel,
Castle : then moved in for the kill.
UNK: She's blond, but she might be wearing a wig.
Beckett : Take a look at her sunglasses
Beckett : and the way that she's angled her face away from the camera.
Beckett : She didn't want to be ID'd.
Esposito : She may have gotten her wish.
Esposito : Tory said there's not enough here to run facial recognition.
Beckett : You know, she's wearing an earring. See if Tory can do something with that.
Beckett : Enrique Gomez is on his way up.
Castle : Maybe he knows who she is.
UNK: No, I don't recognize her.
UNK: Enrique Gomez : I'm sad to learn of Lance's death.
Beckett : What was your relationship with him, Mr. Gomez?
Gomez : We were close as young men. Less so recently.
Beckett : Yet he called you just before he died. Why?
UNK: Well, he needed a bodyguard. Somebody he could trust.
Gomez : And I know such people.