Katebeckett : Yeah, I used to rock that in school with my Doc Martens.
Castle : You do realize we have a full range of All-Clad at home?
UNK: Except this one's my favorite.
Beckett : My nonna used to make me scrambled eggs in it
Beckett : when I was little. Gotcha.
UNK: Okay, so I'm gonna leave the rest of this kitchen stuff here
Beckett : for when my cousin Sofia moves in.
Castle : You know, I don't think I'm gonna miss this place.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Well, the floors creak,
UNK: and we can hear everything Mr. Kubiak does in his bathroom.
Beckett : You never said anything about it before.
UNK: That doesn't matter now. You're moving out.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : You okay?
Beckett : Yeah, sure. I'm fine.
UNK: Which can't be said for our dead guy.
UNK: Usher was closing up last night around 11 : 30, saw someone fleeing the scene.
UNK: That's when he found the body.
UNK: Did he see what that someone looked like?
Esposito : Just a figure in a dark coat.
Esposito : As far as our vic goes, there's no wallet, no ID, no cell.
Esposito : But the usher thinks he might be...
Castle : Lance DeLorca.
Beckett : Who's Lance DeLorca?
Castle : He's that guy!
Castle : He's one of the biggest action heroes of the 1980s,
Castle : and a huge role model from my youth.
Beckett : Okay, well, he does look a little familiar.
Castle : A little? He's the star of all the Hard Kill movies.
Castle : Ex-Navy SEAL, Zen master Rico Cruz,
UNK: with the catchphrase, "Time to hit Cruz control"?
Esposito : Yeah, I was never a fan.
UNK: Me neither. What's he done lately, anyway?
Esposito : Yeah, right? Beat leukemia.
Castle : Yeah, he hadn't acted in years.
UNK: Suffered a couple of setbacks
UNK: due to drugs, alcohol, and some box office flops.
UNK: But Lance lived in LA. I wonder what he was doing in town.
Beckett : And at this theater. Did he come here to watch one of his own movies?
Esposito : The usher said no.
Esposito : And there was no ticket stub found on the body.
Lanie : There is perimortem bruising on his hands and torso.
Lanie : Castle's idol must have gotten into a fight not too long before he died.
Lanie : Cause of death is clearly strangulation by ligature.
Beckett : A narrow ligature, from the looks of it.
Ryan : Made by a thin wire, tied to two wooden dowels.
UNK: CSU found this in the dumpster.
Beckett : A garrote? Who would use one of those?
Esposito : Special Forces will sometimes, when you want to kill quietly.
UNK: The bigger question is, how'd they get the drop on Lance DeLorca?
Ryan : Uh, Lance played an action hero, Castle. Doesn't mean he was one.
Castle : Lance was born in Spain,
Castle : where, before he became an actor, he was a member of the CNI.
Castle : The Spanish Intelligence Agency.
Castle : He was Black Ops. This man was a lethal weapon.
UNK: Yeah, well, not lethal enough.
Beckett : Have CSU take a look at the murder weapon for prints.
Beckett : I'll get ahold of his next of kin.
Beckett : We'll see if they know who might have done this to him.
UNK: Every man has his price, El Jefe. Name yours, and we can end this.
Castle : There he is.
Castle : Lance DeLorca, as Rico Cruz, squaring off with El Jefe,
Castle : the ruthless drug lord, played by Henry Boothe.
Castle : See, in this scene,
Castle : El Jefe has just abducted a brilliant but buxom archeologist
Castle : from a dig in Cartagena.
Castle : Now, Rico is trying to pay him ransom to get her released.
Beckett : You play a dangerous game, senor.
UNK: I got your zero, Rico. You need backup, just say the word.
UNK: "You need backup, just say the word."
UNK: I'll take 'em all out.
Castle : I was raised by a single mother. Hard Kill was how I got my bro-time.
Ryan : That explains so much.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : That's Rico's partner in all the Hard Kill movies.
Castle : Booker Dane, played by Brock Harmon.
Esposito : Yeah, the guy from The Indestructibles movies.
Esposito : Where all the bad-ass action heroes band together for one last mission.
Ryan : Before they die of old age.
Esposito : Hey! That's a great film. And so is the sequel.
Castle : El Jefe's henchwoman, played by Brock's wife, Naomi Duvray.
Castle : The one in the black.
UNK: Get your hands off me.
Naomi : Shut up!
UNK: Henry Allenbooth : There she is, Mr. Cruz. Your precious archeologist.
UNK: The redhead? She's an archeologist? That strains credibility.
Esposito : Yeah, in a good way.
Beckett : Hard at work investigating, I see.