Ryan : Uh, actually, I just called TSA.
Ryan : And Lance flew into town two weeks ago.
Ryan : We're still trying to run down where he was staying.
Esposito : And I had CSU take a look at that garrote.
Esposito : There's no prints or DNA, but it's made out of a high-strength monofilament.
Castle : And I found the next of kin.
UNK: The archeologist? Yeah, Lance married the actress.
UNK: Her name is Kat Kingsley.
Beckett : I know what her name is.
Beckett : While you were having your B-movie festival, I tracked her down.
Beckett : She's in New York.
Beckett : She's shooting a film, and she's on her way in now.
Castle : She's coming here?
Castle : I had her poster on my wall for, like...
UNK: For about a minute.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : You know, maybe you should sit this one out, Castle.
Kat : This doesn't seem real. Like it's just a bad dream.
UNK: Miss Kingsley, do you know of anyone
UNK: that would have wanted to harm your husband?
Kat : No, of course not.
Beckett : And when was the last time you talked to him?
Kat : It was a week ago.
Kat : We tried to meet for lunch, but it never worked out.
UNK: A week ago? The two of you weren't staying together?
Kat : We were getting a divorce.
Kat : I saw Lance through his cancer treatment,
Kat : but after all the years, the highs, the lows, neither of us had anything left.
UNK: I mean, it was all amicable.
Beckett : Do you know what he was doing in town?
Kat : He was shooting a film with his old partner, Brock Harmon.
Beckett : What film?
UNK: Uh, the next Indestructibles movie. Brock's directing.
Kat : In fact, Lance was staying with him.
Kat : So if there was trouble, Brock would know about it.
UNK: Go, go, go!
Beckett : This is so cheesy.
UNK: And by "cheesy," she means amazing.
Castle : Come on, behold the miracle of cinema.
Beckett : The real miracle is how a girl like that is hanging out with a bunch of guys
UNK: who are old enough to be her grandfather.
Castle : That's Serafina.
UNK: The mixed-martial-arts star. She could beat all those guys to a pulp.
Beckett : Who's that guy?
Beckett : Didn't you make me watch a movie with him in it?
Castle : Rolf Magnus.
Castle : He's a Nordic bodybuilder, card-carrying member of Mensa.
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. Maybe I just like the old-school guys.
Beckett : You know, like Eastwood, Bronson, McQueen. Real actors.
Castle : Well, then check out Clay Biggs.
Castle : Graduated top of his class at Juilliard, in contrast to Brock Harmon,
Castle : who made his on-screen debut as a porn star known as Brock the...
Brock : Cut! That's a cut.
Brock : Steve, get me something that works, or get a new job.
Brock : Thank you.
Beckett : Mr. Harmon, Detective Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
Castle : Hi, Mr. Harmon. Huge fan. Huge fan.
UNK: It's an honor to meet you.
UNK: The honor's mine.
Brock : I've passed many an hour in the john reading your books.
Beckett : We're here about Lance DeLorca.
Brock : Ah. Sad day for me. And my family.
Naomi : Here you go, darling.
Brock : Thanks, babe.
UNK: Well, if you're a fan of mine, you know my wife, Naomi Duvray.
Brock : And her jewelry line, too, I hope.
UNK: She just launched a spring collection. Nice.
Castle : You were just outstanding as El Jefe's henchwoman in Hard Kill. I was... Ooh.
UNK: Oh, That is so sweet.
Naomi : I had a mean roundhouse kick, but I wasn't much of an actor.
Brock : Well, never stopped me.