Castle : changed him, drove him to become a better man.
Castle : A man more like the hero he portrayed.
Castle : That's why when he registered at the hotel, he did so as Rico Cruz.
Castle : Because he became Rico Cruz.
Beckett : What does that even mean?
UNK: That despite being an ex-goat-herder with no formal Black Ops training,
Castle : Lance took on a mission.
Beckett : Oh, okay. So we're back to "one last mission," now.
Castle : Why else would he have the schematic?
Castle : Or the listening device? Or why would he need a bodyguard?
Beckett : To protect himself from Kat Kingsley.
Ryan : Yeah, except for her story is still holding up.
Ryan : That call she says was from Lance,
Ryan : came from a payphone six blocks from the movie theater.
Beckett : All right, canvass for witnesses that saw Lance or anyone else by that payphone.
Beckett : And if he was in trouble, as Kat said,
UNK: then let's find out where he was coming from.
Ryan : We'll get into it. But we might not have anything till the morning.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You told her about the poster?
Ryan : I didn't know it was a...
Beckett : I don't know. Maybe it's the way that he said it that struck a nerve.
Lanie : Well, tact isn't exactly the man's middle name.
Beckett : Okay, but it's my place, you know? It's not Castle's.
Beckett : Who cares if he never liked it?
Beckett : I don't know why I got so upset.
Lanie : Because. To him this is just an apartment with creaky floors.
Lanie : But to you, this is where you rebuilt your life.
Lanie : Where you solved your mother's murder.
Lanie : Where you fell in love.
Beckett : Well, to the best apartment ever.
Beckett : To the best apartment ever.
Ryan : So we struck gold on that canvass.
Beckett : Someone saw Lance using the payphone?
Ryan : No, but they saw him before that, running like hell from an alley.
Esposito : Which leads us to this security cam video right here.
UNK: You gotta see it to believe it.
Esposito : These four guys have got Lance cornered.
Castle : Oh, this can't be good.
Beckett : Who are those guys?
Beckett : I don't know,
UNK: but you should wonder what Lance did to have them come after him.
Castle : Four thugs against an aging Lance DeLorca?
Castle : I don't know that I can watch.
Castle : Did you see that?
Castle : What Lance just did?
Castle : That belongs in one of his movies. He annihilated them.
UNK: Yeah, but not for long. Half an hour later, someone annihilated him.
UNK: Ah, well, right. But at least this explains the phone call.
Castle : When Lance called Kat Kingsley
Castle : and said, "I'm in trouble and people are after me,"
Castle : this is what he was talking about.
Beckett : And whoever these guys are, they must have caught up to him.
Beckett : We find these guys, we'll find our killer.
Beckett : We can't ID any of these guys off of the surveillance video.
Beckett : Tory says that the image quality is too poor to run facial recognition.
Beckett : Or ear recognition.
Castle : The key is finding out what happened to Lance
Castle : before he wound up in that alley.
UNK: Something that required $200,000 and a listening device.
Castle : But whomever he went up against sent those four sides of beef after him.
Esposito : And after seeing the ass-whooping they got, I checked nearby hospitals.
Esposito : Turns out that an ambulance was called to that area during our time window.
UNK: They brought in a heavyset dude to the ER.
Esposito : He was unconscious, bruised, and had a possible broken jaw.
Ryan : All right, let's go talk to him. We can't.
Esposito : He woke up and checked himself out of the ER
Esposito : before they could even get his name.
Beckett : Does the hospital have cameras?
Esposito : I'm glad you asked that.
Esposito : This guy
UNK: definitely looks like one of the guys from the video.
UNK: Wait a second, I know that guy.
Ryan : Yeah, from the film set. He was dressed in Afghan garb.
Ryan : Brock Harmon barely tapped him in the face
Ryan : and he screamed like a baby.
Castle : Perhaps because he has a broken jaw.
Esposito : AD says his name is Ernest Howe.
Esposito : He's playing ISIS Militant Number 12.
Ryan : Not for long. You know what time it is? It's Ryan time.