Brock : Oh, uh, this is my son, Trey.
Trey : Good to meet you.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Harmon, could we speak privately?
Brock : Oh, sure.
Brock : Transplant from a bone-marrow donor.
Brock : That's what put Lance in remission, saved his life.
Brock : He knew he'd been given a second chance.
Brock : He got sober, cleaned up his act.
Brock : That's why I gave him a part in the movie.
Brock : This could have been his big comeback.
Beckett : So we understand that he was staying with you.
Beckett : How did he seem?
UNK: Quiet. Secretive, I'd even say.
Brock : Lance was always a man of few words, but even fewer this time out.
UNK: Any idea what he was doing on the Lower East Side last night at 11 : 30?
Brock : I didn't even know he was in town.
Castle : You said he was staying with you.
Brock : Right, Lance wrapped last week.
Brock : I was told transportation took him straight from the set to the airport.
Beckett : Okay, well, my detectives will need to speak with the driver,
Beckett : along with anyone else that Lance knew.
UNK: 'Course.
UNK: Um, what exactly happened? How'd he die?
Beckett : Um, he was strangled.
Beckett : With a garrote.
Castle : Does that mean something to you?
Brock : You know Lance was CNI, right?
Castle : Spanish Intelligence.
Beckett : But what does that have to do with his murder?
UNK: Everything.
Brock : He was a CNI assassin.
Brock : That was his signature. He killed people with a garrote.
Castle : Which is why it was used to kill him.
Castle : Lance was murdered because he's the Spanish Jason Bourne!
Beckett : Why, Castle? Because a B action movie star in a kimono said so?
Castle : Because it makes sense.
Castle : Lance was drawing on his experience as a ruthless CNI operative
Castle : to play action heroes.
Castle : But his shadowy past caught up with him.
Castle : Maybe it was revenge for a hit he did back in the day.
Castle : Kill him the way he killed.
Beckett : Castle, he left CNI 30 years ago.
Beckett : Why would his past catch up to him now?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Mr. Castle might just be right about CNI.
UNK: Ah-ha!
Castle : How am I right?
Gates : Esposito and Ryan are off interviewing folks on the set,
UNK: but before they left, they got on to something.
Gates : They pulled Lance's phone records,
Gates : and the day he died, he made a phone call to Interpol in Spain.
Gates : To the office of one Enrique Gomez.
Beckett : What does Gomez have to do with CNI?
Gates : According to his bio, Gomez used to work there.
Gates : At the same time Lance DeLorca did.
UNK: So Lance reaches out to another ex-agent,
UNK: and he's killed with a garrote?
UNK: Mark my words,
UNK: this case is gonna lead us into a labyrinthian world of deceit,
UNK: villainy and international espionage.
UNK: This is better than one of his movies.
Beckett : After what I saw, it'd have to be.
UNK: Yeah, thanks.
UNK: Update. I contacted Interpol
UNK: to track down that guy Lance called, Enrique Gomez.
UNK: Well, it turns out Gomez is here in New York for a meeting at the UN.
UNK: Where was he last night at 11 : 30?
Gates : On a red-eye in from Madrid. He arrived early this morning.
Gates : So he's not our killer.
Gates : But Interpol will send him over here for an interview.
Gates : He might have insight on the murder.
Beckett : Well, I talked to CNI to ask them about Lance's time there,
Beckett : about missions that he was involved in, enemies that he might have had,
Beckett : and they are stonewalling me.
Gates : Intelligence agencies like CNI
Gates : avoid disclosing information on their employees.
Gates : But I do have contacts in the State Department.
Gates : Let me just ask around.
Beckett : Great. I've reached out to my guys in Washington as well.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. I think we got something from that movie set.
Esposito : We talked to the driver who took Lance to the airport.
Ryan : Only that's not what he did.
Ryan : Lance asked the driver to drop him off
Ryan : at some seedy hotel on Broome Street.
Esposito : And he didn't want anybody to know about it.
UNK: He paid the driver 100 bucks to lie and say he dropped Lance off at JFK.
Beckett : Why would he go to this hotel?
Ryan : Well, that's where it gets weird.
Ryan : The unis we sent to canvass said
Ryan : that Lance had rented a room there for the past week.
Esposito : Under the name Rico Cruz, his character from Hard Kill.