Beckett : he sent his men after him.
UNK: Lance gave them a beat-down worthy of an action hero.
UNK: That's when Boothe made this phone call.
Booth : Trey, your pal Lance was here.
Booth : I think you know why.
Booth : He's on the run, somewhere near that theater playing Hard Kill.
Booth : He's your problem now.
Booth : You need to take care of him, to make this right.
Booth : Or I'll take care of you. You do that, Trey.
Booth : Get it done.
UNK: You were so afraid of Boothe
Beckett : that you killed Lance in order to save your own skin.
Trey : I would never do that.
Beckett : It sounds like that's exactly what you did do.
Beckett : Now, what happened after you hung up?
Trey : I freaked.
Trey : I called my mom. Told her everything, the whole story.
Trey : She said to lay low, that she'd call a lawyer.
UNK: And then the next morning, Lance was dead.
UNK: I figured Boothe's guys got to him.
Trey : Look, I was at my office all night. I slept there.
Trey : The cleaning crew saw me.
Trey : I swear to you, I did not kill Lance.
Trey : And I don't know who did.
Castle : Tell me, Trey. Why would Lance go through all this trouble to help you?
Beckett : I don't know.
Trey : He just said that the cancer really woke him up,
UNK: and that after all this was over,
Trey : there were some things that he wanted to tell me.
Beckett : So the cleaning crew confirmed Trey's story. He is not our killer.
Castle : Well, maybe it was one of Boothe's men.
Castle : We still haven't ruled them out.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I just found something very interesting.
Castle : The identity of the killer.
Ryan : No, not that.
Ryan : You know how Trey said that Lance's cancer woke him up?
Ryan : Well, I just spoke to his doctor.
Ryan : When Lance got the name of his bone-marrow donor, to thank him,
UNK: he found out there was a second donor who was a very close match.
UNK: Take a look at that name.
Naomi : Have you released Trey yet?
Naomi : He had nothing to do with this.
Beckett : Actually, Trey has everything to do with this.
Naomi : I'm not sure I understand.
Beckett : When Lance needed a bone-marrow transplant,
Beckett : Trey gave a sample to see if he could donate.
Naomi : We all did. It was the least we could do.
Beckett : Except Trey's sample was nearly a match.
UNK: Lance must've had his suspicions,
Beckett : because he ran a paternity test on that sample.
Castle : Trey was his son.
UNK: No.
UNK: He would've been conceived during the filming of Hard Kill.
UNK: Which is inconvenient,
Castle : since you were already married to Brock.
Beckett : We spoke to your doorman, Naomi.
Beckett : He said that you didn't come home until well after midnight
Beckett : the night that Lance was killed.
Beckett : So, where were you?
Naomi : I didn't kill Lance, if that's what you're suggesting.
Castle : You're more than capable of it.
Castle : You don't just have a mean roundhouse,
Castle : you hold two black belts.
Naomi : Okay, you need to leave.
Beckett : We matched the wire.
UNK: The wire that you used for your jewelry line,
Beckett : like the necklace that you're wearing right now,
Beckett : it's an exact match to our murder weapon.
Castle : Trey told you that Lance had something important to tell him.
Castle : You knew the truth would come out.
Naomi : Lance would have destroyed everything.
Naomi : My marriage, my family.
Naomi : Everything that I spent almost 30 years trying to build.
Naomi : I couldn't let him do that.
Castle : What's going on?
Gates : You might be interested to know
UNK: that Henry Allen Boothe was just arrested by Narcotics.
Beckett : I thought they couldn't make a case.
Gates : Well, they couldn't.
Gates : But when Trey learned the truth about why Lance really did all this,
Gates : he stepped up and decided to testify against Boothe.
Gates : So good work, Detective Beckett. Mr. Castle.
Gates : Don't stay late. You can finish the paperwork in the morning.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
UNK: Wow.
Castle : Looks like Lance managed to vanquish his nemesis after all.
Castle : An ending worthy of one of his movies.
Beckett : You know, maybe we should watch Hard Kill tonight.
Beckett : In his honor. I was just gonna suggest
Castle : the exact same thing.
Castle : We're starting to think alike now.
Beckett : That is horrifying.
Beckett : Okay, uh, go cue up the movie,
Beckett : open up a bottle of wine, I'll be home in a bit.
UNK: I've just got a stop to make first.
Castle : Well, if I'm thinking what you're thinking,
Castle : and it's to pick up a sexy archeologist costume, don't worry.
Castle : I've already got the whip.
Brock : Thank you. Mmm.