Esposito : Please, just stop.
UNK: My name is Ryan, and I hate lyin'.
Esposito : Ernest Howe? NYPD.
Esposito : We're here to talk to you about Lance DeLorca.
Ernest : Yeah, it's a bummer that he died.
Ryan : A little problem with your jaw there, Ernest?
Ernest : A little TMJ.
Esposito : You sure it's not from that little altercation you got into the other night?
Ernest : Look, I don't want any more trouble.
UNK: Well, you got trouble. Ryan trouble.
Ernest : I don't know what that means.
Esposito : We have you on video.
Esposito : You and those three mooks attacked Lance,
Esposito : and he put the hurt on all of you.
Ryan : But not enough hurt, because one of them killed him.
Ryan : Judging by your little trip to the ER, it wasn't you.
Ryan : So why don't you give us the name of your buddies, Ernest?
UNK: And whoever put 'em up to this.
UNK: You got it all wrong.
Ernest : Those guys did this to me.
Ernest : I was on Lance's side. He hired me to be his bodyguard.
Ryan : Why would Lance need a bodyguard?
Ernest : He had a meeting at Club Drift.
Ernest : He wanted backup.
Ernest : He brought a briefcase. I think it had money in it.
Ryan : Who did he meet there? What was the money for?
Beckett : I don't know. They made me wait downstairs.
Ernest : But the meeting ended quick.
Ernest : All of a sudden, four security dudes hustle us out,
UNK: accused Lance of wearing a wire.
Esposito : A wire? Why would he be wearing a wire?
Ernest : Well, I didn't exactly get a chance to ask.
UNK: The last thing I remember was a guy's foot flying across my face.
Castle : Maybe Lance was wearing a wire.
Castle : That would explain the microphone and the USB drive.
UNK: Yeah, Ernest said that security didn't find a wire,
Esposito : and there wasn't one on Lance's body.
UNK: But let's say he was all wired up with a briefcase of money.
Ryan : What the hell was he doing?
Esposito : It's like Lance was running some kind of half-assed sting operation.
Castle : Maybe he was. I spoke to Narcotics.
Beckett : The club that Lance went to is a major hub for drug sales.
Beckett : Run by a guy that you're familiar with, Castle.
Ryan : Is it... Is that Henry Allen Boothe?
UNK: El Jefe from Hard Kill?
Castle : He made a career out of playing drug dealers, and then he quit acting.
Beckett : And then he began living the part.
Beckett : Apparently, he spent so much time with drug dealers,
Beckett : researching his roles, that he actually became one.
Beckett : Narcotics hasn't been able to make a case against him, though.
UNK: This is just like Hard Kill, where Rico Cruz took down El Jefe.
Castle : Only now, it's one actor taking on the other actor.
Castle : But the other actor actually happens to be a drug dealer!
Ryan : But, again, why would Lance do this? Why would he go after Boothe?
Castle : I don't know, but it's so meta.
Castle : We should really talk to El Jefe.
Beckett : Oh, believe me, we will.
UNK: Henry Allen Booth : Yeah, sure, I met with Lance.
Beckett : What about?
Booth : Old times. He wanted to share a drink, relive the glory days.
Castle : Just out of the blue?
UNK: Why not? Hard Kill did a solid for both of us.
Booth : Even after all these years, not a day goes by
UNK: where some middle-aged dude doesn't see me and shout "El Jefe!"
Booth : I suppose I shouldn't complain. That role bought me this club.
Beckett : We hear that it did more than that, Mr. Boothe.
Booth : So the movie drug dealer becomes a drug dealer, huh?
Booth : It'd be a good story if it were true.
Booth : That being said, I don't discourage it.
Booth : A good fiction can do wonders for one's reputation.
Castle : I've learned that every good fiction contains a kernel of truth.
Beckett : What happened to the briefcase that Lance brought to the meeting?
UNK: The one with $200,000 in it.
Booth : Lance had no briefcase.
Beckett : And I suppose your guys didn't chase him out of here
Beckett : and then attack him?
Booth : Doesn't ring a bell.
Castle : We have video.
Booth : Not of my guys.
Booth : You're welcome to check. I doubt you'll find any of them here.
Booth : And since your next question will be where was I that night,
Booth : I'll save you the oxygen.
UNK: There are about 20 people downstairs
UNK: who can attest that I never left the building after Lance left.
Booth : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Okay, thanks for your time.
Castle : "Thanks for your time"?
Castle : Beckett, he was lying.
Castle : About the money, about the meeting, about everything.
Beckett : Of course he was lying.
Castle : So why didn't you push harder? Why didn't we check his alibi?
Beckett : Because we didn't need to.
Castle : Since when?