Vikram : Guys, I got him.
UNK: - The right-hand man? - Yeah.
Vikram : I found a credit card hit off of Caleb's financials.
Vikram : He ate alone at a diner last night.
UNK: Theyjust emailed me the security cam footage from the parking lot.
Ryan : That's Caleb with the briefcase?
Vikram : Yes. And that's got to be LokSat's right-hand man.
Esposito : So this is right before he torched Caleb.
Esposito : He never had a chance.
Beckett : Can you run facial recognition?
Vikram : No, we only have his profile.
Beckett : LokSat and his cleaner have had us running for cover
UNK: Iike they're the hunters.
Beckett : That's good.
Beckett : They'll never see us coming.
UNK: That is not what we agreed to.
Castle : You were supposed to grab Vikram and then come straight here.
Beckett : I know, but that was before the guys were brought in on this
UNK: and before we got actionable evidence on LokSat.
Beckett : I can't leave now.
Castle : Well, then I'm coming down there.
UNK: Uh, no, no, absolutely not. You can't risk coming out in the open.
Castle : And you can't risk staying in the open.
UNK: Castle, I'm in one of the safest buildings in the city, a police station.
Beckett : And better yet, my police station, with my cops.
UNK: Nothing's gonna happen to me while I'm here.
Ryan : Captain Beckett.
UNK: Babe, I gotta go.
Castle : Will you stay at the precinct?
Beckett : Yes, I promise. I'll stay here.
Beckett : - I love you. - I love you, too.
UNK: - What do you got? - We found him.
Ryan : So, we scrubbed through every available traffic cam
Ryan : around the crime scene,
Ryan : and we were only able to find one car with staggered wheels
Ryan : due to being mid-engine.
Esposito : Which matches the tire impressions we found at the crime scene.
Vikram : This is the car five blocks from the vacant lot, driving away.
UNK: No plates.
Beckett : So, how do we know that LokSat's right-hand man is driving the car?
Vikram : Just wait.
Vikram : Using traffic cams, we can follow the car to what we assume is his house.
Esposito : That's him, all right.
Beckett : - Who owns the home? - A shell corporation.
Vikram : Now watch.
Vikram : This is a live shot.
Vikram : He's still there.
UNK: AII right, grab your tact gear. We're going to that house.
Ryan : Excuse me, Beckett,
Ryan : correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you just tell Castle
UNK: that you're staying put here at the precinct?
UNK: You think I'm gonna send you into harm's way
Beckett : while I'm sitting safe behind a desk? No, not gonna happen.
UNK: You got a target on your back. we don't.
Esposito : You're staying here.
Beckett : - He does know that I'm Captain, right? - Yes, ma'am.
Ryan : You can fire us both for insubordination, ifyou want.
UNK: Otherwise, we got this.
Martha : A feisty Merlot,
Martha : elegant spread, delightful company.
Martha : If I wasn't scared out of my mind, this would be a lovely afternoon.
Castle : I should be with Kate. I promised her we'd take down LokSat together.
Alexis : You also promised you'd stay here.
Castle : I'm going to the precinct.
Vikram : - Oh, no. - I'll be fine.
UNK: - Don't worry, don't worry. - I don't think...
UNK: Hey, it's okay. It's fine.
Castle : It'll be fine.
Castle : Don't worry. I will see you soon.
UNK: Okay? I'll see you soon.
Castle : What are you doing?
Hayley : You can't go out there alone. Someone has to watch your back.
UNK: And someone has to watch theirs.
Castle : I don't know those guys out front. I know you.
Castle : Stay with them. Please.
Castle : No need, I'm armed. I'm packing.
Castle : - See, I'll be fine. - Mmm.
Hayley : Be careful.