UNK: Here.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : There's a kill room in the basement with an incinerator.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : That's where you were going to end up afterwards.
Castle : How do I get a message to Beckett?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : You can't. I told you.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : They shut down all the signals the second the police arrived.
Castle : How do we get out of here?
Castle : You don't.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : That door is the only way out,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : and they have more bullets than you.
Mason : You and Mr. Castle have quite a bond.
UNK: Unusual in your line ofwork.
UNK: Yeah, I'm crazy for him. He's the love of my life.
Beckett : And he understands the sacrifices that I have to make to do this job, so.
Mason : Clearly whomever you're up against is quite deadly.
UNK: Ever considerjust walking away?
Beckett : Every day.
Mason : Why didn't you?
Beckett : I took an oath.
Beckett : People that I cared about were murdered,
Beckett : and they deserve justice.
Mason : Must be hard carrying that weight.
Beckett : I don't carry it alone.
Mason : Here we are.
Castle : The wet wall.
Castle : What are you doing?
UNK: That's the street-side. You can't get out.
Castle : We don't have to get out. we can get in.
Castle : We can escape down there.
UNK: Ifwe stop shooting, they're coming in.
Ryan : Don't worry about us. Go get Beckett.
Beckett : So, who is this guy we're going to see?
UNK: Oh, he's sort of a Milo Minderbinder.
Mason : Owes me for retrieving some things that were stolen from him.
UNK: He's gonna meet us down here.
Mason : I told him you were coming. You'd better let me do all the talking...
UNK: Pull the gun out ofyour pocket. Two fingers, put it on the ground.
Beckett : Knock it off.
Beckett : I know it's you.
Beckett : Now, gun on the floor. Nice and slow.
Mason : I was, uh, worried you might be too smart to fall for this.
Beckett : What's in the other pocket?
UNK: Oh, this? It's just insurance.
UNK: You see, mine is made of plastic,
Mason : so it's unaffected by the electromagnet in the ceiling.
Mason : And I'm afraid I have some more bad news for you.
Mason : Your husband's dead.
Beckett : You're lying.
Mason : No, I'm not.
Mason : He died about the same time I was picking you up.
UNK: As a matter offact, his body is in the furnace behind you there,
Mason : being reduced to a few pounds of ashes.
Mason : I think it's very fitting that your lives together end in fire, don't you?
Beckett : I'm not going in there without a fight.
UNK: That's very brave ofyou, but it won't be much of a fight.