UNK: Kate Beckett : Okay, it's almost time.
UNK: AII right. Shall we review?
UNK: Please.
UNK: Allright, according to Caleb,
UNK: this phone is gonna ring at exactly 8 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Now, because it's GPS-enabled, it will only work in this particular park.
Castle : At which time an electronicallyaltered voice,
Castle : most likely LokSat's, will issue Caleb his orders.
Vikram : Orders that I'll intercept and trace with a cellular relay.
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna attach you to the relay.
Beckett : You connected, Vikram?
UNK: Synced up and ready to go.
Vikram : Guys, this is it.
Vikram : If all goes well, we'll identify LokSat and finally take his ass down.
Beckett : And if anything goes sideways, we immediately shut it down
Beckett : and meet up at the precinct. Got it?
Vikram : Roger that.
UNK: - Are you thinking what I'm thinking? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : You want a Fudgsicle, too?
Castle : I know. Could be a trap.
Beckett : Just because Caleb switched sides,
Beckett : doesn't mean that LokSat doesn't have him under surveillance.
Beckett : Any one of these people could be a LokSat agent,
Beckett : or even LokSat himself.
Castle : You care to put a wager on it?
Beckett : Wager on what?
Castle : On which one's LokSat.
UNK: I got 20 bucks says it's that handsy yogi over there.
Beckett : I'm going for the Carrot Top Cruella de Vil.
Beckett : Wait a minute, does she look a bit like your first ex-wife?
Castle : She kind of does. Oh, my God.
Castle : Could my ex-wife be LokSat?
UNK: 'Cause in a lot ofways, that would make perfect sense.
UNK: AII right, Vikram. Here we go.
UNK: Robot Voice : Good morning, Caleb. I have an urgent matter for you.
UNK: Robot Voice : There's an abandoned warehouse
UNK: Robot Voice : Near Broadway and Flushing in Brooklyn.
UNK: Robot Voice : There's a security booth in the parking lot.
UNK: Robot Voice : Dead drop a flash drive with the new bank routing numbers
UNK: Robot Voice : in the top drawer of that booth at precisely noon today
UNK: Robot Voice : for my accountant to retrieve.
UNK: Robot Voice : That is all for now.
Beckett : - Did you get a trace? - I don't know.
Vikram : The call was short.
UNK: Wait, I got something.
Vikram : Oh, no. It says here the call originated in DYE-2.
Beckett : Uh, what's that?
Vikram : It's an abandoned Cold war radar station in the Arctic Circle.
UNK: LokSatmust've set up a cellularrelay there.
Vikram : Guys, this is a dead end.
UNK: Or is it an opportunity? We all heard Caleb's instructions.
Beckett : LokSat's accountant is going to expose himself at that dead drop.
Castle : Talk about high on the food chain. Ifwe get LokSat's accountant...
Beckett : It could bring us one step closer to LokSat himself.
Beckett : Vikram, send an encrypted email to Caleb.
UNK: He's gonna have to show up at that dead drop.
Beckett : And you have to get ahold of Hayley. We need all the help we can get.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : No matter how long I've been on the job,
UNK: the burned ones always get me.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Yo, Lanie, do we have a name?
UNK: Lanie Parish : No, he's a John Doe.
Esposito : Do we know who owns the car?
Lanie : It was stolen last night from a used car lot.
UNK: Unfortunately, I can't tell you much right now,
Lanie : other than the victim was male,
Lanie : and you see these burnt remnants around his legs, hands and face?
Ryan : - Duct tape? - Yep.
Lanie : Our victim was bound, gagged and very much alive
Lanie : when the killer lit the fire.
Ryan : Hell of a way to go.
UNK: Yo, this is an Andercott briefcase, very high-end.
Esposito : You can still make out the serial number on the frame.
UNK: Ifwe're lucky, our victim registered it, and we can get his name that way.
Ryan : Killer chose this location for a reason.
Ryan : Vacant buildings on either side, not a security camera in sight.
Ryan : It rained last night, so clearly these tracks were made afterwards.