UNK: Well, why don't you unstrap me, I'll come give you a big hug.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I've read your files.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : You were an incorrigible playboy before you met Katherine Beckett.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : What changed?
Castle : I fell in love with her.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because I'd never met anyone like her.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Well, you've never met anyone like me.
Castle : Yeah, but you don't have the legs,
Castle : or the eyes, or the brains, or the heart.
Castle : Beckett makes me laugh. She challenges me.
Castle : I became a better man... why am I telling you this?
UNK: Right.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : But these feelings make you vulnerable. Surely, you must see that.
UNK: Yeah, well, what's the alternative?
Castle : To be like you? A man alone, without empathy?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : She's the reason you are on this table.
UNK: Ifyou'd never met her, you'd most likely have a very long life ahead ofyou.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Surely, you would take a do-over, if offered.
Castle : No, I wouldn't.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : - Interesting. - She's gonna find you.
Castle : You and LokSat. And she's gonna bury you both.
Castle : And I can't tell a lie, right?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Yes, but the fact that you believe it, does not make it the truth.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Kate Beckett is going to be dead by the end of the night,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : and there is nothing you can do about it.
UNK: - Have you seen Beckett? - No.
Vikram : Hey, guys, I got something.
Vikram : I pulled all active and passive cell phone signals
Vikram : originating from the cell tower that served the empty house.
UNK: There must've been hundreds.
Vikram : Try thousands, which was daunting.
Vikram : But then I screened them against phone signals
UNK: along the route the right-hand man took from the crime scene to the house,
Vikram : and those IMEI numbers started to shrink.
UNK: Until only one remained.
Vikram : That, gentlemen, is Right-Hand Man's phone number.
Esposito : Can you locate where that phone is right now?
Vikram : I can try.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Thanks for sharing your personal feelings.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : They've given me some real insight.
Castle : You know, you don't have to do this.
Castle : Clearly, you're looking for something more.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Oh, no. You misunderstood me.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I'm not yearning for a happy family,
UNK: simply insight into how best to dissect one.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Now, time to get down to business.
UNK: Look, um, maybe I could make a quick trip to the little boys' room
Castle : before we get started with any more questions.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I won't be asking the hard questions.
Castle : Who will?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : My boss, the man you call LokSat.
UNK: Surprise.
Castle : You're LokSat?
Mason : Yes. Although, technically,
UNK: that's the code name for my extra-Iegal operations.
Castle : So, everything that happened in LA, the GDS, that was all a lie?
Mason : Oh, no, no, no, no.
Castle : The Greatest Detective Society is very real,
Mason : connected in no way to my work with the CIA.
UNK: Think of it as a fun hobby.
Castle : My stepmother? Is she dead?
Mason : Not yet.
Mason : But I needed you to trust me
Mason : so I could find out who else knew about my existence
Mason : before I kill you two.
Mason : So, let's get right to it
Mason : because I have to meet your wife in just a few minutes.
Mason : - Is he ready? - Yes, sir.
UNK: AII right, then. Truth time.
Mason : Who knows about me? Beckett, obviously. And Vikram.
Mason : What about Hayley Shipton?
UNK: Yes.
Mason : Detectives Ryan and Esposito?
UNK: Yes.
Mason : What about your mother?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Ah...
Mason : Your daughter?
Beckett : - Yes. - Yes.
UNK: Aw...
Mason : Anyone else?
UNK: No.
Mason : Good. That will be a weight off my shoulders
Mason : once everyone has been neutralized.
Castle : Don't do this, please.
Mason : There is no shame in losing, Mr. Castle.
Mason : Only in the hubris that made you think that this could end any other way.
UNK: Whew.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : That was difficult to watch.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I'm sure you're finding it hard to live with yourself.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : It's understandable,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : knowing what's coming next for your loved ones.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : This will end your pain.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : This will end everything.
UNK: NYPD.
Esposito : We have reason to believe there's a murder suspect in this building.
Esposito : We need to search it from top to bottom.
Receptionist : Sorry, Officer, but that's not going to happen.
Receptionist : This building belongs to the Central Intelligence Agency.