Esposito : Might be from the killer walking to his getaway car.
Ryan : Yeah. You know, why don't we make impressions
UNK: of all the shoe prints and tire tracks?
Ryan : Maybe we'll get lucky.
UNK: Hayley Shipton : And what do I need these for?
Castle : Like I said, you're the lookout.
Castle : When we do our surveillance of LokSat's accountant,
UNK: we're gonna need you to find a high vantage point,
Castle : be our eye in the sky.
Castle : There's not a guitar in there, is there?
Hayley : Not the kind that plays music.
Castle : - Uh, Hayley. - Hmm.
Castle : In case anything goes wrong...
Hayley : I will get Martha and Alexis here and I will protect them.
Hayley : You have my word.
Castle : Thank you. I owe you one.
Castle : And by one, I mean more like one dozen.
UNK: Mmm.
Vikram : After we take down LokSat,
UNK: I am thinking I might tender my resignation.
Beckett : So you want to go back to being a government analyst?
Vikram : I want to go back to being boring. Kind offorgotten what that feels like.
Vikram : I know that probably sounds stupid.
Beckett : No. No, not at all.
Beckett : Thank you for doing this with me.
Vikram : Are you kidding? Thank you for everything.
UNK: We're almost there.
Beckett : Yeah, almost.
Beckett : Speaking of, we should head out.
Esposito : Hey, Cap.
Esposito : I'm sorry. Are we... Are we interrupting something?
Beckett : Uh, no, what's going on?
Ryan : Well, we got a lead on our homicide.
Ryan : The tire impressions made by our killer's getaway car
Ryan : show that the wheels were staggered,
UNK: meaning the ones in back were larger than the ones up front.
Beckett : So the car's exotic?
UNK: Well, specifically, it means that the car was either mid or rear engine.
Ryan : So even though we don't have any traffic cams
Ryan : from near the crime scene,
Ryan : we can scrub footage from the surrounding areas and...
UNK: And hopefully find a car that fits the bill.
Beckett : Okay, good job. I'll leave you guys to it.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Is there something going on that we should know about?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Vikram, you got a view on that security booth?
Vikram : Completely unobstructed.
Beckett : Okay, between the both of us,
Beckett : we should get a good photo of that accountant.
UNK: And you're sure that's all we'll need?
UNK: Yeah, Vikram's gonna run the accountant's photo
Beckett : through facial recognition, we'll ID it,
Beckett : and then we'll track him down later.
Beckett : Hayley, you in position?
Hayley : That's an affirmative.
UNK: Guitar all tuned up and ready to play?
Hayley : Just about.
Beckett : Castle, you see anything?
UNK: No, just two sewer rats fighting over a piece of pizza.
Beckett : - Hayley? - Yeah?
Beckett : - You see anything? - AII quiet on the western front.
Vikram : I don't get it.
Vikram : Caleb sent me back an encrypted email
Vikram : confirming he'd make the drop at noon sharp.
Beckett : Don't worry, he'll be here.
Castle : What f-stop are you using?
Beckett : Excuse me?
UNK: F-stop. It's a function on the camera. It tells it how much light...
Beckett : Yeah, no, I know what an f-stop is.
Beckett : This isn't a shoot for National Geographic.
Beckett : It's on auto.
Castle : No, no, no. Never use auto. Here, let me get that for you.
Beckett : - Castle, stop messing with my stuff. - Ow!
Castle : I thought you liked it when I messed with your stuff.
Hayley : Hey, I hate to interrupt your pillow talk, but Caleb Brown's just arrived.
UNK: AII right, guys, eyes peeled. The accountant's gonna be nearby.
UNK: Okay, Caleb's making the drop.
Beckett : Espo, kind of busy here.
Esposito : I know. I know. But listen.
Esposito : I traced the serial number on that brief case from the crime scene.
Esposito : It belongs to Caleb Brown,
Esposito : so I had the lab run his DNA. It's a match.
Esposito : Caleb's dead. He's our victim.
Beckett : - Espo, are you there? - What is it?