UNK: Allright, Beckett, we're ready to breach.
UNK: Go.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Move!
UNK: Frontroom, clear.
Ryan : Room all clear!
UNK: Swat Member : Get the closets.
UNK: Clear!
UNK: Clear!
Beckett : Come on, guys, talk to me. What do you see?
UNK: Swat Member : Bedroom, clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: The place is empty, Captain.
UNK: And by empty, we mean completely empty.
UNK: No furniture, no right-hand man, no nothing.
Ryan : Beckett, he tricked us.
UNK: 12th Precinct, please, 24th and 7th.
Castle : As fast as you can.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : You got it, pal.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Don't you just love this song?
Esposito : CSU's taking the place apart.
UNK: They're not gonna find anything.
UNK: The place was a way station.
Ryan : You think he planned for us to follow him there?
Beckett : LokSat's people are CIA, which means they are experts at tactical subterfuge.
UNK: My guess is Mr. Right-Hand Man anticipated our ability
Beckett : to track down his vehicle from the crime scene,
Beckett : and he led us to a place where he knew he could lose us.
Esposito : And your guess would be right.
Esposito : Surveillance cameras on the street behind the house
Esposito : were disabled yesterday morning.
Ryan : So our guy walked right in the front door,
UNK: walked right out the back.
UNK: Which means we have no way of knowing where he went.
UNK: Ah...
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Good. Awake and alert, I see.
Beckett : Who are you?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Does it matter?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I understand that, as a writer,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : the naming of a thing would seem to be of paramount importance.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : But trust me,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : my name is the least consequential thing for you to know right now.
Castle : It's an embarrassing name, isn't it?
Castle : Like a boy named Sue? Maybe your mother called you Dufus?
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I was named by the State.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : But for operational purposes, I'm known as Mr. Flynn,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : and I've been entrusted with your interrogation.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : By the time we're done,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : you will have revealed the names of everyone who knows about LokSat.
Castle : So you can kill them? Forget it.
Castle : I'm not telling you anything.
UNK: I'm not betraying anyone.
UNK: I don't care how many thumb screws you put to me.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Oh, no. I don't believe in torture.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Science is much more effective,
UNK: and the company has made great leaps in the field of chemical truth agents.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Within the hour, you will tell me everything I want to know,
UNK: Mr. Flynn : and then you will die.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Now, tell me honestly, was knowing my name really that important?
UNK: Deadendis notgoodenough.
Beckett : This guy doesn't get to be smarter than us.
Beckett : There's too much at stake here.
UNK: Ifwe lose this thread, then we're just sitting ducks.
Beckett : I need a miracle, guys.
Ryan : - Okay, you got it. - One miracle coming up.
UNK: Castle?
Mason : No, it's Mason wood.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : I thought that you were done with us.
Mason : I was, but unfortunately for me,
Mason : I think I may have a lead that could help you.
Beckett : What kind of a lead?
Mason : A source that I worked with back in the early aughts.
UNK: He's a facilitator for extra-Iegal intelligence operations.
UNK: If anybody knows the dark side of the CIA, it's him.
Beckett : Good, then we'll go see him.
UNK: No, no, not "we," me.
Beckett : No, uh, Mason...
Mason : This guy's default setting is early '70s conspiracy thriller.
Mason : He won't talk to you. Hell, he might not even talk to me.
Beckett : Mason, this is my fight,
UNK: and you're not gonna know the right questions to ask.
Beckett : I have to be there.
UNK: AII right. Meet me in an hour at the corner of Grand and East Broadway.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Correct dosage is the key.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Just enough to compromise the central cortex and the parietal lobe.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : Too much and, well...
UNK: Let's just say that forgetting how to breathe is kind of a drag.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : - Can I ask you a personal question? - No.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : As I said, I was raised by the State. I never had a family growing up.
UNK: Mr. Flynn : I never knew love in the way that you so clearly do.