Mason : the better my chances are of staying alive.
Mason : Remember, I'm just a babysitter.
Mason : So I'll change your diapers and feed you your bottle
Mason : and save you from a strike force of armed mercenaries,
UNK: but I am notjoining your fight.
Beckett : Here, give me your cell phone. Hit squad can find us on it.
UNK: I'm gonna dump them.
UNK: Here. You're welcome to take anything you need. It's all untraceable.
UNK: Good luck to both ofyou.
Castle : How do we thank you?
Mason : You solved my friend's murder back in LA.
Mason : Let's call it even.
UNK: Here.
Beckett : How did that happen? we were careful.
UNK: LokSat must've discovered that Caleb betrayed him and then got wind of us.
Beckett : So LokSat killed Caleb,
Beckett : and then all he had to do was hack into Caleb's account
Beckett : and send a fake email to Vikram, agreeing to make that drop.
Castle : LokSat is going to keep coming for us.
Castle : Worse, he's going to come after our families.
Beckett : Okay, well, my dad's away on business so he's okay for now,
UNK: but you gotta get Hayley to pick up Alexis and Martha
Beckett : and take them to the PI office safe room.
Castle : What about Vikram? He's in danger, too.
Beckett : I'll track him down, and then we'll meet up and we'll make a plan.
UNK: No, no, no. Come on. Don't give me that face.
Beckett : Just say we'll meet at the PI office.
Beckett : We'll meet at the PI office.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : I love you.
Castle : I love you, too.
UNK: Yo.
Ryan : Hey, still haven't found any rear or mid-engine cars yet,
Ryan : but I still have several traffic cams to scrub through, so...
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : CSU uncovered a message in that burned-out trunk.
Esposito : Now, I think it was from Caleb.
UNK: He must've scratched it when the killer was driving him
Esposito : to that empty parking lot.
Esposito : He carved it into the metal. It survived the blaze.
Ryan : Was he trying to ID his killer for us?
UNK: R-T-H-D-M-N?
UNK: Right-Hand Man.
UNK: Whose right-hand man?
UNK: LokSat's.
Ryan : Who's LokSat?
Vikram : Caleb left that message for Beckett.
Esposito : You're still not answering the question, Vikram.
Esposito : Who the hell is LokSat?
Vikram : The big bad wolf.
Vikram : The person behind Senator Bracken, Allison Hyde, the hit squads,
Vikram : every terrible thing that's happened to me and Beckett
UNK: for the past nine months.
Beckett : You shouldn't have told them.
Esposito : Yeah, you should have.
Ryan : Now tell us everything.
Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : No, no, no. He's okay, he's okay, he's okay.
Hayley : It's about bloody time you got here.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, Richard, darling. Oh, thank goodness you're all right.
Castle : Thank you.
Martha : - Where's Katherine? - She's coming.
UNK: Alexis Castle : So, what's going on? Why are we in lockdown?
Castle : You didn't tell them?
Hayley : Considering the danger, I didn't think it was my place.
Alexis : Dad, does this have something to do with what you found out in LA?
Castle : Of course, I apologize. Uh, you both have a right to know.
Castle : This all started when...
Ryan : So Caleb was burned alive
Ryan : because LokSat found out that he switched sides
Ryan : and was working with you?
Beckett : Yeah, and now LokSat is going after Vikram, Castle, me,
Beckett : anyone that knows anything about them.
Beckett : So I need you guys to forget everything that you just heard.
UNK: Oh, no, I'm afraid we can't do that, boss.
Beckett : You guys, LokSat took out my entire AG team.
Beckett : I'm not going to let that happen to you.
UNK: And we're not gonna let you go to war without your two best soldiers.
Beckett : Right now, there's no war to be fought.
UNK: Castle and I are probably gonna have to disappear for a while,
Beckett : at least until we find another lead on LokSat.
Esposito : Beckett, we already have one.
UNK: Caleb ID'd his killer.
UNK: LokSat's right-hand man. You know what this means?
Ryan : Catching Caleb's killer will put us on a path to LokSat.