Esposito : The place is run by Albanians linked to organized crime.
Castle : Isn't the Albanian mob infamous for being crazy violent?
Beckett : See if you can find out who was calling him from that club.
Esposito : I'm on it.
UNK: Oh, Castle, I got something for ya.
Esposito : It's that pen you liked. It's an heirloom.
UNK: What's the occasion?
Esposito : There's no occasion. It's just 'cause we're bros. Best bros.
Castle : This is fantastic.
Beckett : No, it's not. It's juvenile.
UNK: So...
Ryan : Logan's financials got us a line on where he was staying.
Ryan : All week he'd been ordering from GrubHub.
Beckett : You mean the food service?
Ryan : Yeah. They were delivering meals to a loft in SoHo.
Castle : Whose loft was it?
Ryan : Some trust fund kid. Likes to party with the athletes.
UNK: A guy named Ross DE Koning.
UNK: Nice, brother! It's not really all that hard.
UNK: Oh, yeah. Like you could do better?
UNK: Um, hi. Ross DE Koning? NYPD.
UNK: Well, I just gotta say, you can come party here anytime.
UNK: Ross Dekoning : In fact, swing by tomorrow for my very special 21 st birthday bash.
Beckett : Look, as tempting as that sounds,
Beckett : we actually just need to ask you a few questions about Logan Moore.
UNK: Yeah. I was so bummed by what happened.
Beckett : I understand that he had been staying here?
UNK: Yeah. I mean, we used to skate together,
Ross : so when he asked to crash, I was like, "Absolutely."
Beckett : And did you see him when he left last night?
Ross : No. I don't keep tabs.
Castle : Before he moved to California,
Castle : did Logan have any connections to the Albanian mob?
UNK: Man. You think the Albanian killed him?
Castle : What Albanian?
Ross : That never even entered my mind.
Beckett : Ross, what Albanian?
Ross : So, maybe five, six years ago,
Ross : Logan's mom dated this dude, Enver.
Ross : He was into drugs and all kinds of bad stuff.
Castle : Was there ever any trouble between Logan and Enver?
Ross : Major trouble.
Ross : Logan helped send Enver to prison.
Ross : And Enver swore he'd get even if it was the last thing he'd do.
Beckett : Enver Kotta, convictions for armed robbery, assault and possession.
Ryan : According to the case file, Logan's mom either had the bad sense
Ryan : to let Enver stash his cocaine at her apartment,
Ryan : or she was in on the whole drug operation.
UNK: The bottom line is, Logan got sick of it and called the cops.
Ryan : Logan's mom ended up getting seven years, while Enver did five.
Beckett : Let me guess. Enver cut a deal, threw her under the bus.
Ryan : Yep. And guess what else? Enver just got out on parole last month.
Castle : So when he realized Logan was in town, he went looking for payback.
Esposito : Hey. So it looks like Logan definitely had contact with this guy.
UNK: Turns out that Enver was a regular
Esposito : at that social club where the calls came from.
Beckett : - Okay, let's pick him up. - Yeah.
UNK: Enver Kotta : Whatever happened to that kid, I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : You served five years because of Logan.
Beckett : It was no secret that you wanted him to pay.
Esposito : Is that why you called him?
Esposito : To let him know what you were gonna do to him?
Enver : I didn't kill Logan.
Beckett : Then where were you last night between 3 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Let me help you out, Enver.
UNK: Your credit card puts you at a diner at 1 : 15 a.m.,