Carter : No, he didn't.
Castle : Shipping his tools ahead, hiring an accomplice,
Castle : all the while using a skateboarding event as a cover.
UNK: Seems to me the real reason Logan came back to New York
Castle : was to commit this burglary.
Beckett : Yeah. But what was he stealing, and how is it related to this dead friend?
Esposito : I'll circle back around to the people who knew Logan,
Esposito : see if anybody knows of any break-ins or a dead friend.
UNK: And, Castle, do you wanna come with me down to the skatepark?
Esposito : I thought maybe we could stop by
Esposito : and get some of those bacon brownies that you love.
UNK: You had me at "bacon."
Ryan : Well, you might want to hold off on that offer.
UNK: Yeah, that building that Carter and Logan broke into?
Ryan : It was only a few blocks from where Logan was killed.
Ryan : Yet, I checked the police blotter,
UNK: there were no reported break-ins there that evening.
Ryan : But based on Carter's description,
UNK: I was able to identify which 15th-floor window that Logan entered through.
Ryan : It belongs to a law office for a Brett Zaretsky, Esquire.
Beckett : What was Logan doing breaking into a law office?
Ryan : You guys should probably go find out.
Beckett : Yeah. Come on, Castle. Let's go.
Castle : - Rain check? - Yeah.
Castle : Have you noticed anything odd about Esposito and Ryan lately?
Beckett : - Like what? - They're being nice to me. Weird nice.
Beckett : They probably just feel sorry for you
UNK: after the beatdown I gave you at Scrabble last night.
Castle : Gloat all you want. I will have my revenge.
Ryan : Okay, okay. Let's just find Brett Zaretsky right now.
Castle : New window.
UNK: Tom Fulton : Can I help you?
UNK: Yeah, hi. We're here about the break-in.
UNK: Brett Zaretsky : I'm afraid you've been misinformed.
Castle : A thief didn't break in through your window, Mr. Zaretsky?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Well, why is the glass being replaced?
UNK: A small mishap with a bird.
Zaretsky : A bird?
Castle : Mr. Zaretsky, do you recognize this man?
Zaretsky : No, I'm sorry. I'm afraid I don't.
Beckett : Would you mind if we took a quick look around?
Castle : Yeah, we might be able to help you
Castle : assess any other damage this bird might have caused.
Zaretsky : Yes, I mind.
Beckett : Mr. Zaretsky, were you or anyone else here two nights ago?
UNK: Look, Detective, if you want to question me, get a subpoena.
Zaretsky : If you want to come into these offices, get a warrant.
Zaretsky : Until then, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
Beckett : Look, there's only one reason
Beckett : that lawyer would stonewall us and not report a break-in.
Beckett : He's covering something up.
Castle : A shady law firm, a mysterious death, a young man righting wrongs.
Castle : Maybe Logan Moore is like Erin Brockovich,
Castle : but with a skateboard instead of, you know, other assets.
Beckett : - Brains? - Yes, brains.
UNK: Yeah. Hey, Ryan, can you look into Brett Zaretsky's law firm?
Beckett : Press releases, court filings, lawsuits.
Beckett : See if there's anything there that connects him to Logan.
Ryan : - Yeah. I'm on it. - Hey.
Esposito : Circled back around to Tommy, Ross and Holly.
Esposito : If any of Logan's friends died, they don't know about it.
Beckett : Well, someone must.
Beckett : Where did you say that his mom was again?
Ryan : Taconic Correctional.
Beckett : Okay, let's see if she can shed some light.
Castle : Guys, I know what you're trying to do.
Castle : Why you're being so nice to me.
Castle : Beckett clued me in,
Castle : and honestly, it's just making it harder, so just act normal.
Ryan : - Man. - Man.
UNK: He really can't decide between us.
UNK: Yeah, but can you blame him? I mean, poor guy. He's in a no-win situation.
Esposito : But I may have a solution. Come on.
UNK: Okay. Let me get this straight.
Lanie : You guys want me to decide who should be Castle's best man?
Esposito : Yeah. It's perfect. You're the maid of honor.
Esposito : So you pick, we let Castle know. Everybody wins.
Ryan : Javi, this is ridiculous. Of course she's gonna pick you.
Esposito : That's because there's no better best man material
UNK: than this man right here. Right, baby?
Lanie : Javi, do you really think I'd pick you? With our history? CHUCKLES