Wilson : And you think she'll start dating you? I'm sure she hates you.
House : But her eyes say,
House : "How will I ever pay you for that tennis lesson?"
Wilson : What a shame.
House : They'll get over it.
Wilson : I meant for you. I'll get over it faster than they do.
Dara : I can't believe that Lucas fell for my
UNK: "I'd never say this because it's so personal
UNK: "except that I'm drunk" profession of love.
UNK: Second oldest trick in the book.
Wilson : You're right. It's his fault because he's stupid.
House : He certainly is.
House : You're stupid.
Sidas : Well, I'm rubber and you're glue...
House : He's not pedestrian, he's stupid.
UNK: Or at least stupider than he should be. He's a DXM junkie.
UNK: Dextromethorphan. As in cough syrup?
House : He wasn't taking it for his cough.
House : It's cheap, available at your corner drugstore,
House : and taken in high doses, it's a dumb drug.
House : Dumb drug? He obviously hasn't...
Wilson : He's smart compared to you,
House : he's a moron compared to what he was.
UNK: Robotripping lowers the IQ, it also causes brain damage.
House : Unless taken with the proper amount of ethanol,
House : about one drink per day.
House : He wasn't abusing the booze
House : and taking the cough remedy medicinally,
House : he was abusing the cough meds and taking the booze medicinally.
UNK: Bravo.
Dara : Why would you do that?
UNK: If you had a gift, why would you just throw it away?
Sidas : I didn't throw it away. I just turned it down a little.
Sidas : When my brain was on low, everything didn't seem so miserable any more.
Sidas : Life was bearable.
Dara : I thought that I did that.
Sidas : You do.
House : Long-term abuse of DXM explains all your symptoms.
UNK: Even, oh, sweet irony, your cough.
House : Whole bowel lavage, activated charcoal.
House : We get all traces of it out of your system,
House : you'll be the unhappiest little courier in no time.
Sidas : I don't think I can live without it.
House : You'd be surprised what you can live without.
House : Make him a genius.
Dara : I can't believe it. He looks so much better already.
Sidas : We were thinking about calling GQ.
Foreman : Lavage has removed all traces of DXM from his body.
Dara : You're drawing again. What is it?
Sidas : Just doodles.
Dara : No, it's not. Come on, Jimmy, I want to know.
Sidas : This is a toroidal helicon plasma device.
Sidas : It determines the amount of energy
Sidas : expended by the subatomic particles.
Sidas : I'm thirsty. Could you get me a juice or something?
Dara : Yeah. Of course.
Dara : I'm so happy, Jimmy.
Sidas : I told you.
Sidas : You know what the difference between her IQ and mine is?
Sidas : 91 points.
Sidas : In relation, she's closer to a gibbon than she is to me.
Sidas : Having sex with her would be an act of bestiality.
Foreman : I assume you didn't marry her
Foreman : for her skill in Applied Physics.
Sidas : I just wish she could spell it.
Foreman : You really think you'd be happier
Foreman : with someone who could spell better?
UNK: No.
Sidas : That's the problem. I'm the one who's a jerk.
Sidas : But I owe her everything.
Sidas : I want to want to be with her.
Sidas : And when I'm clear, I...
Dara : I can't.
House : Fainting, dizziness, shortness of breath?
UNK: Sometimes.
Ronnie : Is the wait always this long?
House : Only on days that end in "day. " Diarrhea, weight loss?
House : A bit.
Ronnie : Don't you ever shave?
House : Yeah, once a week. How about you?
House : Stomach pain, tenderness?
Ronnie : Every now and then. Are you this rude to all your patients?
House : Oh, yes, don't think you're special.
UNK: So we got a lot of vague, unverifiable symptoms,