Thirteen : So it was a waste of time.
UNK: Unless, it's not his liver
Taub : that's elevating his albumin, it's his kidneys.
Thirteen : Renal failure. Explains the anemia.
Thirteen : If he developed hyperkalemia,
Thirteen : that would explain the ataxia, but the stroke...
Taub : Ischemic encephalopathy.
UNK: Nice.
Thirteen : Except now we have to stay and test his kidneys.
House : Key under the mat.
Lucas : There's no key under the mat.
House : Oh, right.
House : You need to replace one of your kitchen windows.
House : I helped myself to your wine cellar.
House : I'll leave a buck on the way out.
House : You're not right for her.
Lucas : And you are?
House : Less wrong.
UNK: Ah.
Cuddy : But then I started thinking...
House : What was I saying?
Lucas : You were saying it's late and...
House : She invited me. She didn't know if she should.
House : She was trying to figure out if I really have changed
House : or if I'm still the same old SOB I've always been.
House : But she always gave me a chance.
UNK: Eight hundred and thirty-two chances,
House : and I used up every one of them.
UNK: Eight hundred and thirty-two's her limit, make a note.
UNK: How about a cup of coffee?
Lucas : It's just instant, but...
House : I'm pathetic.
House : I don't deserve her.
Lucas : Okay. Okay. All right.
UNK: Here.
Lucas : Maybe you should crash here.
Lucas : It's a sofa bed.
House : I love her.
UNK: Patient's liver is fine, it's his kidneys that are shot.
Taub : And where the hell is House?
Foreman : He left a message on the machine. He's not coming in today.
Foreman : So what causes kidney failure?
UNK: Rhabdomyolysis.
Taub : No edema.
Taub : I trust you had a wonderful Thanksgiving.
Chase : I don't remember. So I guess I did.
Chase : Multiple myeloma. No bone pain.
Taub : You got drunk alone?
Chase : No. That would be a sign
Chase : that I need to talk to you about this.
Chase : Polycystic kidney disease.
Thirteen : No UTIs or flank pain.
Chase : Well, what if his cough is more than just a cold?
Thirteen : He hasn't been coughing. It's in his history,
Chase : and we found a new bottle of cough syrup in his medicine cabinet.
Taub : Cough could mean Goodpasture Syndrome,
Taub : affects kidneys and lungs.
Foreman : Start him on immunosuppressors and dialysis.
Thirteen : We'll do it right after we run it by House.
Foreman : He's not answering his pager.
Foreman : Looks like he's leaving it up to us.
Thirteen : Us. Not you.
Taub : And since we don't disagree,
Taub : you can save your fight for another case.
Sidas : How long do I have to be hooked up for?
Chase : Four to six hours a day
Chase : until we see an improvement. What if you don't?
Chase : Then we keep doing it until he gets a transplant.
Taub : You were sure it was his spleen,
Dara : and then you were sure it was his liver,
Dara : which he told you it wasn't,
Dara : and now you're sure it's his kidneys.
UNK: It's definitely his kidneys.
Thirteen : We just don't know why it's his kidneys.
Thirteen : Any word from Cameron?
UNK: Nope.
Thirteen : I started seeing a counselor after my diagnosis.
Thirteen : She's really good.
Chase : Why does everyone assume that everyone works in the exact same way?
Thirteen : We pretty much do.
Thirteen : Our egos want us to think we're all snowflakes, no two alike,
Thirteen : but really, we all want the same things,
Thirteen : love, forgiveness, chocolate.
Chase : Well, what I want is for everyone to leave me alone.
Chase : How do I get that?
Cuddy : What did you say to Lucas last night?