UNK: $2.32. Put it on Dr. Wilson's tab.
Cashier : I don't know who Dr. Wilson is, and we don't have tabs.
House : Do you know who I am?
UNK: No. Good.
Cashier : But, sir...
Cuddy : I got it. It's all right.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Although, I should make it clear that for two bucks,
House : all you get is top half, over the clothes.
House : Any plans for turkey day?
UNK: Going to my sister's for dinner. Why?
House : Just making pleasant conversation.
UNK: I heard tell of folks doing such.
UNK: How about we talk about this?
UNK: Fifteen-year-old, recurring migraines and blurred vision.
UNK: Great. Really?
House : Sure. There's no point putting a band together
House : if we're not gonna play any gigs.
Cuddy : Hold on. Take this instead.
Cuddy : I was expecting more resistance.
House : That was the old me. New me is static guarded and friction free.
House : Enjoy your drumstick.
House : Ready to save some lives?
UNK: Thirty-two-year-old courier, ataxia, anemia, mild cough.
House : CT was clear, tox screen negative.
Chase : What are you so excited about?
House : Why wouldn't I be? Got all my starters back,
House : plus a couple of first-class free agents. I feel like Mike Tomlin.
House : Probably not as much as you do, but you get the idea.
Thirteen : Ataxia and anemia, could be viral, maybe West Nile.
House : No fever, lymph glands were normal. Anybody seen Wilson?
UNK: Hyperbilirubinemia?
House : Yeah, like that's a real thing.
UNK: Meningitis.
House : Anemia's a stretch.
House : Page Dr. James Wilson at 558.
Taub : What about sickle cell?
UNK: The guy's white. Whites can get it.
House : Come on. We get the tennis elbow and all the money,
House : let them have sickle cell.
UNK: TTP is a better fit.
Thirteen : He's right.
Thirteen : What, you thought I wouldn't agree with him? Ever?
UNK: Well, you didn't agree with him.
House : That's why he dumped you. Oh, sorry, it was mutual.
Foreman : We're cool, okay? Nobody's angry, nobody's hurt.
House : Sounds passionate.
Chase : TTP makes sense to me. Not to me.
Taub : What if he had a history of...
House : One big happy family. TTP it is.
House : Confirm with a blood smear and ADAMTS13 antibodies.
House : Dr. James Wilson, please dial 558.
Dara : Can you cure it?
Thirteen : TTP isn't completely curable,
Thirteen : but the symptoms are manageable with the proper treatment.
Dara : Is this the treatment?
Thirteen : No. First we need to do a blood test to confirm the diagnosis.
Dara : But he's gonna get better?
UNK: Honey, that's what she's saying.
Sidas : I'm gonna be okay. Don't worry.
UNK: How can't I worry? You're in the hospital.
Sidas : I'm gonna be fine.
UNK: Are you sure everything was fine before?
UNK: I mean, given your educational background,
Taub : you'd think you could at least find a job with a medical plan.
Sidas : We have money. Don't worry.
Sidas : It's not that.
UNK: It's just I want to make sure
Taub : we have all the information we should.
Dara : My husband wouldn't lie.
Sidas : It's okay, baby. He's just doing his job.
Sidas : He just wants to make sure I'm not a secret drug addict or an alcoholic.
Taub : Or hiding a history of mental illness.
Sidas : I work as a courier because I want to.
Sidas : It's easy. I don't have to think.
Taub : It's too hard to think?
Sidas : No. Just unpleasant.
Sidas : No matter what I did, it really wasn't good enough.
Sidas : Then I met Dara.
Sidas : She didn't care how smart I was,
Sidas : or what I might accomplish in the future.
Sidas : It was the first time in my life that I was really happy.
Sidas : So I decided I would rather be happy than smart.