Foreman : You all right?
Foreman : Sorry. I know you're not okay. I mean...
Chase : She left.
Chase : Went back to Chicago.
Foreman : Any chance of reconciliation?
UNK: No.
UNK: You sure you don't wanna grab a drink after work?
UNK: I figured we could talk about the perils of dating doctors.
Chase : I wasn't dating Cameron.
Foreman : I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
Chase : I know what you're doing, and I appreciate it.
Chase : But I've got it under control.
Foreman : That's what you said about the Dibala incident,
Foreman : and obviously you didn't.
Chase : And talking about it obviously made things so much better.
Taub : Didn't you think there was something weird about that guy?
Thirteen : Not really. In fact, he seemed pretty normal.
Taub : That's my point.
Taub : Guys with IQs off the chart
Taub : are usually completely abnormal.
Thirteen : Speaking of House, why did you come back?
UNK: I mean, you must have taken a major pay cut.
Taub : Life's too short to worry about money.
Thirteen : Your wife feel the same way?
Taub : She's happy to cut back on some things.
Taub : Like sex.
Thirteen : Why'd you come back? Why wouldn't I?
Thirteen : Like Foreman said, nobody's angry, nobody's hurt.
UNK: Schistocytes.
Taub : That means TTP.
Thirteen : Which is what we thought it'd be, remember? This is a good thing.
Taub : This is an easy thing, and House doesn't take cases that are easy,
Taub : which means it's not TTP.
Taub : And he wants to see how long it takes us to catch up to him.
UNK: Schistocytes suggest TTP.
House : Good, now what?
Thirteen : Normally we'd try plasmapheresis,
Thirteen : but the patient has an albumin colloid allergy.
UNK: So?
Taub : So that means we have to give him a splenectomy.
House : Yes, it does.
UNK: Wilson? No.
House : Do you know where he is?
UNK: Man In Stall : Not in here.
Thirteen : You're sure you want us to take out his spleen?
House : Is that what a splenectomy is?
House : I thought it was an ice cream treat. Yuck.
Taub : So you do really think he has TTP.
Foreman : You're not just testing us.
House : Yeah. Like I have time for games.
Taub : So, why did you really take this case?
House : Isn't it obvious? I'm fishing for a dinner invite.
House : Missed you at breakfast this morning.
House : And lunch.
Wilson : I had a dentist appointment.
House : You know where Cuddy's sister lives?
Wilson : You see, this is why I don't answer your urgent pages,
Wilson : because they're not urgent pages.
House : I've decided what I'm gonna do about Cuddy and Lucas.
House : I'm going to break them up.
Wilson : Of course. It's given me a purpose in life,
House : a goal, a raison d'etre.
Wilson : Albeit a selfish, mean-spirited, childish raison.
House : I think of it more as benevolent.
House : There's only two possible outcomes for their relationship,
House : they split or they stay together forever.
House : If it's split, then the sooner it happens, the better for everyone.
House : If it's stay, then my meddling won't matter.
Thirteen : In fact, if they survive it,
House : it might even make their bond stronger.
Wilson : How you manage to elevate your narcissism
Wilson : to beneficence is masterful.
House : And I've decided to do it at Thanksgiving dinner,
House : just 'cause I'm sentimental.
UNK: Dinner's at Cuddy's sister's, which brings us back to...
Wilson : House, don't.
House : I fished for an invite. Cuddy wasn't biting, so I'll have to crash.
Wilson : I have no idea where Cuddy's sister lives.
House : Ask and thou shalt receive.
Wilson : You can't honestly think I would help you with this.
House : Not help me, help Cuddy, remember?
House : If you don't get it, I'll be forced to use more nefarious methods.
UNK: Happy holidays.
UNK: Ah.
Chase : Looks great.
Dara : So, he's all better?