House : yet all the physical signs are perfectly normal.
Ronnie : What do you think I have? I'm not sure,
House : but I think it's a lame job.
UNK: What?
House : You're a rat. Insurance company sends you out
House : to check on the quality of medical care.
Ronnie : That's ridiculous.
House : Is it really?
House : 'Cause you seem a lot more interested
House : in asking questions than answering them.
UNK: Handwriting in your medical records is obviously not a doctor's,
House : 'cause I can almost read it.
House : And when you went out for a urine sample, I looked in your purse.
House : Found the list of questions you were supposed to memorize
House : before you came to the clinic. I was looking for gum.
Ronnnie : You're an ass.
House : Put it in your report.
UNK: I'll tell you what. I'll give you 20 bucks
House : if you'll pretend that I'm not
House : when we leave this room.
UNK: Remember, first ice, then heat.
House : If you have any problems, don't hesitate to call me.
Diana : Thank you, Dr. House.
House : Wait a second. Where's Cuddy?
Jeffrey : Gone for the day.
House : Hey! Hey! Hey!
UNK: Sorry, can't remember if I've mocked you yet for being a male nurse.
Jeffrey : I think this counts.
House : Fair enough.
Dara : That isn't the man I married.
Foreman : Yes, he is. He's just smarter. Give him some time.
Taub : I'm sure... He hates me.
Foreman : His body is going through withdrawal. He's adjusting.
Dara : Maybe he never loved me. Not really.
Dara : Maybe we never really had anything at all.
Sidas : Somebody help!
Sidas : I can't feel my legs. I can't feel my legs.
Sidas : Anywhere. Nothing.
Taub : We have to talk about this.
Rachel : It's late. I'm tired.
Taub : I know it's a big pay cut,
Taub : but I'll always have the chance to make money.
Taub : I won't always have the chance to do this job.
Rachel : That's what you think? That it's about the money?
Taub : So it's that I didn't consult you before I took the job?
Rachel : That was offensive, but it's not about that either.
Taub : So then...
Taub : Can you give me the first letter?
Rachel : When we got married,
Rachel : you were an intern working 30-hour shifts, doing grunt work,
Rachel : and we both put up with it because we knew
Rachel : that it was leading to something better.
Rachel : In your private practice, you are the boss. You call the shots.
Taub : But now, you're 40 years old,
Rachel : you're still doing grunt work.
Taub : That's what this is about? You think I'm a wuss?
Rachel : He made you miss Thanksgiving dinner.
Thirteen : Vitamin B12 deficiency gives us anemia, numbness...
House : Not a stroke.
Thirteen : If he has a vascular malformation...
Thirteen : Anemia's not macrocytic.
House : Sorry to inconvenience you.
House : Dying patients can be so thoughtless.
UNK: Don't.
House : Great comeback. Is that Oscar Wilde? Come on, people.
Foreman : Bone marrow malignancy.
House : Wouldn't produce schistocytes.
UNK: Lupus. Gee, thanks for coming in.
House : ANA was negative.
House : What about you?
House : You got any predictable drivel you'd like to add?
Chase : I think they've given you enough already.
UNK: At least they're trying, not just sitting there like roadkill.
House : Give me something!
House : Give me something or I'll get your ex-smarter half
House : on the phone and ask her.
UNK: House...