UNK: How about instead you tell her that a persistent hiccup
Bailey : could be an indication of something much more serious?
UNK: Schedule an esophagogram.
UNK: Mr. Kamaji : She's competing this afternoon at the Taste of Seattle.
UNK: Can't you give her a stronger dose of that drug? It worked.
Bailey : Did the hiccups come back?
UNK: Mr. Kamaji : - Yes, but... - Then it didn't work.
UNK: - Dr. Bailey? - Be quiet.
Izzie : Dr. Bailey, are you OK?
Cristina : All right, somebody page Addison Shepherd.
Addison : There he is. Heartbeat's strong.
Addison : Since there's no dilation or effacement,
UNK: it looks like nothing more than Braxton Hicks.
UNK: Except?
UNK: I know the mild-concerned tone. I've used it myself from time to time.
Addison : Sometimes false labor is the body's way of saying "slow down."
Bailey : I'm a surgeon.
Addison : I understand the realities of your job
Addison : but you need to understand the realities of your pregnancy. Take it easy.
Addison : - Is there anything I can do to help? - You can help me get up off this table.
UNK: Dr. Bailey?
Izzie : The GI lab has a couple of questions about Miss Miyazaki's esophagogram.
UNK: All right. Let's go.
Addison : Dr. Stevens.
UNK: Keep an eye on her. Watch for painful contractions, more than five an hour.
Addison : Anything that could indicate preterm labor.
UNK: The favor's not for me, Stevens. You know that.
Meredith : Naomi Cline, 43.
Meredith : Had her tricuspid valve replaced three years ago with a porcine valve.
UNK: Oh, Naomi.
UNK: I'm surprised to see you back again so soon.
UNK: Pig valves usually hold up 10-15 years.
UNK: Yours is degenerating too quickly for my comfort.
UNK: Oh, heart-valve, schmart-valve.
Naomi : I got married, Dr. Burke.
Naomi : I found him. My true love.
UNK: My "you jump, I jump."
Naomi : Look. Isn't it beautiful?
Naomi : And look... Iook at that beautiful, beautiful man.
UNK: - We met in the grocery store. - Oh, honey.
Burke : Congratulations. It's good to see you so happy.
Alex : Yeah.
UNK: So, Naomi's heart valve? What does this mean?
UNK: There's a cause for your wife's valve failure that remains undiagnosed.
Burke : Theories, Grey?
Meredith : Rheumatic fever, chronic use of migraine meds...
Meredith : ...or IV narcotics could all cause valve disease, sir.