UNK: Pulse is weak. The spine's severed. I was hoping that it didn't hit.
UNK: But from that angle, it just can't have missed the aorta.
Bailey : What about him? Think he can live?
Derek : - He's got better odds. - Let OR One know we're coming.
UNK: And, O'Malley, close off the gallery. We don't need an audience for this.
George : She's cracking jokes.
UNK: How do you tell someone she'll be dead soon when she's cracking jokes?
UNK: Excuse me? Is there any chance that we can get out of here some time this year?
UNK: Well, the lab's backed up and so is Radiology.
UNK: I can't discharge her until I know she has no internal injuries.
UNK: Hello? Yeah, we're still here,
UNK: 'cause the doctor's friggin' useless. Mm-hm.
Cristina : I realize you're dealing with a lot of carnage.
Cristina : I'm asking if you could maybe sift through some of that carnage
UNK: and find a... Hello... Dammit.
Burke : Cristina. You paged me?
UNK: Cristina upset : If I don't find this leg, the chief is gonna cut me from this program.
UNK: Cristina upset : And I cannot go back home, Burke. It is too sunny in Los Angeles.
UNK: It's sunny every day.
Burke : And you paged me because?
UNK: Cristina loud : I need you to help me find the leg.
UNK: Cristina loud : I checked the board. You're not in surgery, right?
UNK: Cristina loud : You're my boyfriend. I mean...
UNK: Cristina loud : I know I don't have much experience with this kind of thing,
UNK: but aren't boyfriends supposed to help in situations like this?
UNK: Burke serious : Cristina, when we're on duty, I can't be your boyfriend.
UNK: OK, so when we're on duty, I can have sex with someone else?
Burke : Dr. Yang, I'm walking away now.
UNK: Fine. Fine. But when the chief cuts me, you might rethink this.
Meredith : Addison yelled at you in front of a patient?
Alex : She didn't exactly yell.
Alex : - Fine, she's Satan's whore. - Thank you. So did you yell back?
Meredith : - No. - Dude, you lost your mojo.
Alex : - Excuse you? - I was trying to talk boy.
UNK: Alex frustrated : O'Malley plugs a hole with his finger and he's a hero.
UNK: Alex frustrated : - I have one off day... - You chickened out.
UNK: Alex chuckles : I hesitated briefly.
Meredith : Why didn't you kiss Izzie?
UNK: Alex stops smiling : - And now I'm leaving. - It's not in the morgue.
Cristina : I've looked in the ambulances, in the ER...
UNK: How is one bloody, hairy leg going to destroy my career?
Addison : Dr. Karev?
Meredith : I hope you find your mojo, Alex. I find you disturbing without it.
Bonnie : Me too.
UNK: Bailey to Cristina : Ow!
Derek : This is hard, because your body is in a certain amount of shock.
Derek : It's preventing you from feeling pain, feeling the extent of your injuries.
Doctor : Dr. Shepherd.
UNK: Bonnie softly : We have a metal pole cutting a path through our insides.
UNK: Bonnie softly : I don't know about Tom here,
UNK: Bonnie softly : but I didn't expect to walk out of here anytime soon, so...
UNK: Bonnie softly : whatever it is you have to say, just please, say it.
Derek : OK, Bonnie.
Derek : In order to operate on Mr. Maynard, we have to separate you two.
Derek : In order to do that, we have to move you backwards off the pole.
Tom : Can't you just pull the pole out of both of us?
Burke : If we did that, you would both start bleeding very quickly. Too quickly.
Burke : Right now the pole is plugging the wounds.
Burke : Once removed, the organs will shift.
UNK: And there is a great deal of damage.
UNK: Bonnie trying not to cry : So, if you move me, I'll die?
Derek : We're gonna do everything we can to...
UNK: No. No. If anybody has to go, it should be me.
UNK: - You just move me... - No, Mr. Maynard.
Derek : Mr. Maynard.
UNK: Burke interrupts : Your injuries are less extensive.
UNK: Burke interrupts : If we pull the pole from you as we operate around it,
UNK: Burke interrupts : we have a better chance of repairing the damage.
Tom : It's not right.
Tom : It's not fair.
Intern : Tom.
UNK: Bonnie smiling sadly : It's not fair either way.
UNK: Is um... Is my Danny... Is he here yet?
George : There are delays at the airport. The storm...
Bailey : We could wait.
UNK: But the longer we do, the higher the risk of infection for...
Joe : No. No.
UNK: Bonnie interrupts sad : This is better.
UNK: Bonnie interrupts sad : Danny, he wouldn't understand.
UNK: Bonnie interrupts sad : I've had a couple of hours to, you know, process all of this,
UNK: Bonnie interrupts sad : but if... if he had to see me, talk to me like this...
UNK: Bonnie interrupts sad : Well, I just think it would be too hard.