UNK: His BP's steady at ninety over palp.
UNK: She's had two hypotensive episodes to the low seventies.
UNK: - Couldn't get a saw in? - Not without moving them.
UNK: - Which would've been a bad idea. - Did you bolus her with fluids?
UNK: We're pushing it open...
UNK: Is this the craziest thing you've seen?
UNK: Uh... Yeah.
Bonnie : Yeah. Me too.
Jill : OK, then. You guys got it from here.
UNK: Hey, uh... You were at the scene?
UNK: Yeah. Won't be too bad for you. Lot of carnage. Not a lot of survivors.
Burke : They're never gonna fit into CT. We're gonna be flying blind.
UNK: Get X-rays and labs, then page me.
UNK: Excuse me?
Burke : Hi, I'm Dr. Burke.
Burke : You shouldn't turn your head. You want to try to move as little as possible.
Bonnie : Oh. OK.
Bonnie : So are you gonna pull this pole out of us anytime soon?
Tom : Touch uncomfortable.
UNK: Burke smiles : Sorry, we can't until we get a better look at what's going on internally.
UNK: Burke smiles : I assure you we will work as quickly as possible.
Bonnie : Well, in that case, does anybody have a breath mint?
Bonnie : For me, not for you.
UNK: - Keep them going. - O'Malley? Get them to X-ray.
George : - Thanks. - Move them extremely carefully.
UNK: George whispers to Meredith : This never would've happened before the elevator.
Meredith : You go, George.
Bailey : Alex, cover the ER.
Bailey : You can do sutures while you get over your newfound fear of scalpels.
UNK: Meredith smiling still drunk : That was mean, even for you.
UNK: Bailey makes a face : You are drunk.
UNK: Bailey makes a face : Go get yourself a banana bag IV, put it in your arm and then find me.
UNK: Bailey makes a face : Do not speak to any more patients, do not practice any medicine.
UNK: Meredith gestures tipsy : Well, should I just go home?
UNK: Unless you drank the whole bottle, you'll be sober in a few hours.
Bailey : And the IV fluids will head off your hangover.
Bailey : Then you can assist with the many mangled victims here.
Bailey : Besides, if I'm not going home, nobody's going home.
UNK: Ten years of marriage. I didn't even get to finish my damn lobster.
UNK: Well, is there anyone you'd like me to call?
Tom : They called my wife from the ambulance.
UNK: Normally, Amanda would be upset to find me pressed up against another woman.
Tom : But in this case, I think I'll get a pass.
George : - You two weren't traveling together? - No. We just met.
Tom : - Bit of an awkward introduction. - You have very nice pores.
UNK: Tom chuckles : Hurts to laugh.
Alex : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: - Whoa. You can go ahead and just... - Oh, thanks.
Intern : Oh, wow.
UNK: - Do you think I could... - Yeah, go ahead.
UNK: Dr. Stevens, did you need something?
Meredith : No.
UNK: Bailey to Cristina : - Ow! - I'm sorry. Am I doing this too...
UNK: - Ow! Was that a... Did I have... - A contraction.
UNK: Addison looking at the print out : It was definitely a contraction. We need to book an OR.
UNK: Addison looking at the print out : You are in no shape to push, and the baby is still in some distress,
UNK: so we're gonna have to proceed with a C-section.
UNK: OK. OK.
Brooke : But can we call a lawyer first?
Brooke : I don't have a will. And there's no father.
Brooke : And in case something happens to me...