Bailey : It is. T8's completely crushed.
Alex : Hey.
Derek : What happened?
Meredith : Uh, tequila.
Bailey : I'm keeping an eye on her.
Derek : Look at this. These people are still alive?
George : They're still making small talk.
UNK: Pole's tamponading the wounds as far as we can see.
UNK: Derek looking at the x-ray : It's hitting the aorta.
Burke : And look at him. It's right in line with his inferior vena cava.
UNK: Is there any way to operate without separating them?
Meredith : - No. - But if we move the pole then...
Bailey : They'll both bleed out.
UNK: What if we don't move the pole?
Burke : What if we move one of the patients off the pole to get the saw in there?
Burke : Then we can hold the pole steady in the other one.
Burke : Move it very slowly, and repair the damage as we go.
George : Who? Which would you move?
Burke : With her aortic injuries,
Burke : her chances of survival are extremely slim no matter what we do.
Burke : But if we move her, we have a real shot at saving him.
Derek : Well, I could argue since her injuries are more extensive, we should move him.
Derek : Give her the best shot we can.
Meredith : So basically whoever you move doesn't stand a chance?
Meredith : So how do you choose? How do you decide who gets to live?
UNK: We have to decide soon if we want to save one of them.
UNK: - I'd like to examine them first. - I'll wait for your page.
UNK: Thank you. Dr. Grey?
UNK: Dr. Grey needs to get a blood alcohol test before practicing medicine tonight.
Meredith : What? No, I'm totally fine, look. Totally fine.
UNK: Derek to Bailey : Right. OK.
Richard : - I'm fine. - Regretting that last shot about now?
UNK: Jill the paramedic : What are you doing in here?
UNK: The leg you brought with the amputee...
Jill : - I didn't bring in an amputee. - OK, well, one of you did and it's...
UNK: 'Cause all paramedics look alike to you?
UNK: OK. Really. I cannot straddle another giant ego right now.
Cristina : I'm already doing the splits. I need a right leg, right now,
Cristina : or the Chief of Surgery will take away my pretty blue scrubs.
Jill : When the train derailed, it hit an overpass.
UNK: The dining car roof sheared off and sliced through a passenger car.
Jill : There were multiple decapitations. Your guy can live without his leg.
Cristina : This is so not about the leg. Or the guy.
UNK: But thank you. For all that you do. Really. Thanks.
UNK: Yeah, honey, we're fine.
UNK: Some redneck tried to outrun the train, then they give us this boy doctor.
UNK: All right, scar shouldn't be too bad.
Jana : Can you tell me... My friend... She's pregnant too.
UNK: She went in a different ambulance. She was burned. Do you know where she is?
UNK: If she's not here, she should be in Maternity.
Jana : I need to see her.
Alex : - We're not finished here. - My baby's fine. I feel her kicking.
UNK: - I've got to see Brooke. - You can't just leave.
UNK: Just wait. Come here, come here.
UNK: Ow! Ow!