UNK: You know that old guy that lives next to me?
UNK: I snuck over there and raked up the leaves on his front stoop.
UNK: But he caught me, and he force-fed me cider and cookies.
Phoebe : Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Rachel : Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Phoebe : I will find a selfless good deed. I gave birth to three children...
UNK: ...and I won't let them be raised in a world where Joey's right!
Chandler : Can I ask you a cooking question?
Chandler : If you're cooking on the stove...
UNK: ...that means your new boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Rachel : Is he?
UNK: I think I'll respect the privacy of my new, secret boyfriend.
UNK: Why?
Chandler : If this guy was me...
UNK: ...and it's me who'd learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had...
UNK: ...I'd be like this :
Ross : All right, Emily.
Ross : As much as I love you...
Ross : ...I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Emily : I understand that would be difficult.
UNK: Would you consider moving here? You were moving here anyway.
Ross : Why can't you just do that?
Emily : I don't know. It's just
Ross : But I know that even though I've been a complete idiot up till now...
Ross : ...you have to come here.
UNK: You have to, so we can work this out together.
Ross : All right.
UNK: Did you just say "all right"?
Phoebe : I did. Now I'm the idiot.
UNK: Emily, that is so great!
UNK: It'll be great!
UNK: We're going to be like two idiots in love!
Emily : There's one thing that really scares me still.
Ross : -Yes, tell me. -You must understand...
Emily : ...how humiliating it was for me at the altar...
UNK: ...in front of my family and friends.
UNK: I know. I am so sorry.
UNK: And then, after deciding to forgive you...
Emily : ...seeing you at the airport, catching our plane with her.
Ross : Again, very sorry.
UNK: I mean, I can't be in the same room as her.
UNK: It drives me mad thinking of you being in the same room as her.
Ross : Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me.
Ross : I love you.
Ross : All right.
Emily : I'll come to New York, and we'll try to make this work.
UNK: That's so great!
Emily : As long as you don't see Rachel anymore.
Ross : I asked Emily if she would come to New York.
Ross : And she said yes.
UNK: Great!
Ross : Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
Monica : What? You can't
UNK: What did you say?
UNK: I'd think about it. How am I supposed to make this decision?
Ross : I'm actually asking you!
UNK: Rachel is one of your best friends.
UNK: But Emily's his wife!
Chandler : That's true!
UNK: You can't just cut Rachel out of your life!
Chandler : That's true!
Ross : Thanks for the help. Problem solved!
UNK: When will you be on TV?
UNK: There was kind of a mix-up in my agent's office...
Joey : ...but I'm still on TV, and that's good exposure.
Monica : You're not on TV.
Joey : How about now?
Chandler : There he is!
Joey : Hello, New York!
UNK: Maybe just put the whole duck in there. Who cares?