Foreman : It's called steppage gait.
Lewis : - Is it serious? - Not necessarily.
UNK: All right. Stick your leg out. Hold it up.
Barbara : She was under anesthesia for the biopsy. If she lost oxygen...
Foreman : CT ruled out brain damage.
Foreman : Put your leg down. Relax.
Barbara : Why is her leg twitching like that?
Foreman : - Fasciculation. - Is that serious?
Foreman : It's paralysis, and it's ascending.
UNK: She's gonna lose the use of her legs?
Foreman : To start with.
Foreman : It's ascending fast. She can hardly extend her leg now.
Cameron : At this rate, it'll be up to her lungs in a matter of days.
House : So, anaphylaxis, heart failure, paralysis.
House : We couldn't put the first two together.
House : I'm guessing we can't put all three together.
Cameron : Tick paralysis? Could also explain the anaphylaxis, maybe even the...
Foreman : Penicillin allergy explains the allergic reaction much better.
Chase : Particularly because tick paralysis is usually accompanied by a tick.
Chase : We did two comprehensive physicals looking for insect bites.
House : Can we put any two of those together?
Foreman : How about we stipulate?
UNK: You argued that there must be something to connect all three symptoms,
Foreman : you mocked us for not figuring it out,
Foreman : and finally you let us discuss the paralysis on its own
UNK: because it's what's gonna kill her.
UNK: Now, it's ascending. Her MRis are clean, so rule out stroke or aneurysm.
Cameron : - ALS, MS? - Too quick.
UNK: - Spinal lesion from leukemia? - Too slow.
UNK: - It's most likely Guillain Barré. - She's immunosuppressed.
Chase : What about botulism?
Foreman : Not unless she's been walking on her hands the last couple of days.
Foreman : Botulism paralysis is descending, not ascending.
Cameron : Could be a virus. West Nile, even polio with her immune system shot.
House : Get an LP and do PCRs for the viruses.
House : And get an EMG to check for Guillain Barré.
House : Foreman's right. We gotta find out why she's paralyzed.
House : But not before staring at me dumbly for a few seconds.
Foreman : We ran more tests on your daughter.
Foreman : We took a lumbar puncture, got some spinal fluid.
UNK: Then we brought it to the lab to look for infections
Foreman : that could be affecting her brain.
Foreman : We also did an EMG to check how her muscles and nerves
Foreman : are responding to electrical impulses.
Foreman : Unfortunately, her muscles are showing increased weakness above the knee.
Barbara : You mean she's getting worse?
Foreman : The LP and PCRs ruled out polio and West Nile.
UNK: We think it's Guillain Barré.
UNK: The body's immune response goes haywire
UNK: and starts attacking the peripheral nerves.
Foreman : It causes muscle weakness and paralysis.
Lewis : How bad is it?
UNK: It's serious, but Guillain Barré usually responds very well to plasmapheresis.
Foreman : You see, the plasma, the clear liquid
Foreman : contains most of the antibodies which are overreacting
Foreman : and attacking her nervous system.
Foreman : The machine spins her blood in a centrifuge
Foreman : and separates parts of the blood based on weight.
Foreman : White blood cells are the heaviest, then the red cells,
Foreman : then platelets and plasma.
Foreman : We discard the stuff that's causing all the trouble
Foreman : and return the good blood cells back to her body in a replacement fluid.
Foreman : If it works, we'll see results in a couple of days.
Wilson : You didn't get any messages for me last week, did you?
UNK: Nope.
Wilson : That's funny. The guy finally called back.
UNK: The place I lost, he said he left three voicemails.
House : Gotta pee.
Wilson : Which I never got, if that wasn't clear.
House : He must be lying. You wouldn't want to live with a liar.
Wilson : - You erased my messages? - Yep.
House : Decided I wanted you to stay. Told you that, didn't I?
Wilson : You're miserable, and you're lonely, and you're gonna trap me here
Wilson : to keep me every bit as miserable and lonely, too.
House : Yeah, and you're happy, happy, happy.
UNK: Okay. Hey, I'm obviously going through a rough patch here.
Wilson : Wife leaves, tends to bum somebody out.
House : Do you know where my pee went?
Wilson : You're missing some?