UNK: Cardiac team to ICU stat. Cardiac team to ICU stat.
UNK: - Sorry, a little crowded here. - House, get out of the elevator.
House : You're welcome to wait for the next one.
Cuddy : - You got her? - Got her.
House : As long as we're stuck here, this might be a good time to look for that tick.
Foreman : - Turn the elevator back on. - Just be a minute, honey.
Foreman : - Atropine's wearing off. - So inject her again.
Foreman : - That's just temporary. - Temporary's fine.
House : We're not hanging wallpaper.
UNK: We've gotta get her upstairs and put her on norepinephrine.
House : It wasn't penicillin. You still think the symptoms are unconnected?
UNK: We've gotta take care of her heart before...
House : You wake up in the morning, your paint's peeling,
House : your curtains are gone, and the water's boiling.
House : - Which problem do you deal with first? - House.
House : None of them. The building's on fire! We treat her symptoms, she dies.
House : We find the cause, she lives. That tick is an IV drip of poison.
House : We unhook it, she'll be fine.
Foreman : This is my last atropine. Last us about three minutes.
House : Let's get her gown up.
Foreman : Her heart rate falls below 35, we're getting her to the ICU.
UNK: I'm not gonna let her die in this elevator.
Lewis : Where are they?
Cuddy : Get maintenance up here, right away.
Foreman : - Ear canal's clean. - Left foot's clean.
Foreman : If it's not here, we've only got... Heart rate's 46.
House : It's here. Looks like a mole or a freckle, something we missed.
House : Check the armpits.
Cuddy : Dr. Foreman's an excellent doctor. He'll be able to handle it.
Lewis : Yeah? You know that from experience? You lose a lot of patients on elevators?
Barbara : The maintenance guy said it didn't just stop on its own,
Barbara : that they hit the emergency stop button.
UNK: Well, I'm sure he must be mistaken.
UNK: - Perineum. - We checked it.
UNK: - If we get her upstairs, we still... - Maxilla.
UNK: Checked.
Foreman : Down to 38. We don't have a lot of time. We can still...
House : Eyebrows, eardrums, pubic hair.
Foreman : Checked, checked, checked. We checked everywhere! It's not...
UNK: Thirty-five.