Wilson : Cuddy called.
UNK: I know. I saw the caller ID.
Wilson : Young girl, anaphylactic shock.
House : You answered?
Wilson : Turns out, that's what stops the ringing.
Wilson : It's a weird case.
Wilson : I thought you did the dishes last night? It was your day.
House : I did. Those are new. Midnight snack.
Wilson : For a midnight snack, you made a pot roast,
Wilson : the same pot roast I made last night.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Actually, it was after midnight. Today's your day, right?
Wilson : You want me out of here. I get it.
House : - No, it's fine if you stay. - The place I was gonna move,
Wilson : the guy never called. Otherwise I'd already be there.
House : - I said it's fine if you stay. - Yeah.
Wilson : That's why you're making me miserable.
UNK: Maybe I just wanna make sure you do your fair share around here.
Wilson : - That... - What's weird about it?
House : The girl with the allergies.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : - She's immunocompromised. - What are you doing?
Wilson : - What? You asked me... - You knew that I was interested.
House : That gives you a valuable bargaining chip.
UNK: You could've had me doing dishes for a week.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : The allergic reaction happened while she was in a clean room.
UNK: Why does she have a clean room in her home?
House : Heart transplant. Immune system's in the toilet.
UNK: So Mommy builds her little angel a John Travolta-quality bubble.
Foreman : Six months after the transplant.
Foreman : She doesn't need to be confined to a clean room.
House : Six months without putting out,
House : Dr. Cuddy doesn't need to wear thong panties, but it's not our call.
Cuddy : I was wondering when you'd get around to my panties.
UNK: She's had four days of workups.
Cuddy : They've tested everyone who came anywhere near that room,
Cuddy : everything in the room.
House : It's like an Agatha Christie mystery.
Chase : Maybe it's not what was there, it's what she was doing.
House : Exercise allergy. Love it.
House : What sort of exercise could a strapping young man
House : and a nubile teenage nymphet possibly...
Cuddy : Mom was in the room within seconds.
Chase : So the boyfriend brought in an allergen and is lying about it.
Cameron : Or the girl snuck out, and she's lying about that.
House : Or the parents are lying about the room being clean.
Cuddy : These are your big ideas? Somebody's lying?
House : Hasn't let me down yet.
House : Recheck Mom, Dad, the girl, the boy, the room and the home.
UNK: Any of you have a new soap, a detergent, perfume?
UNK: Lewis the Dad : No, no. Barbara's really careful about that stuff.
Foreman : And you haven't been outside recently?
Melinda : How could I? I'm trapped up there.
UNK: You're not trapped. It's just safer...
Melinda : They won't even tell me the alarm code. Just tell her I can go back to school.
UNK: Until we clear this up...
Melinda : Fine. Find out what I'm allergic to, and I'll stay away from it.
Melinda : Then I can go back to school, right?
Foreman : It's up to your parents, but, medically, there's no reason...
Melinda : Told you.
Barbara : Could I speak to you outside for a second, please?
Barbara : You know, this is hard enough without you in there...
UNK: - She asked me my opinion. - She is 16 years old. Lie to her.
UNK: When I was eight, my mom, she hated...
UNK: I know. I need to loosen up. I'm overprotective.
Barbara : I saw Finding Nemo. I get it. I don't need another story.
UNK: But you're not just being overprotective.
Foreman : You're one of the most overprotective parents I've ever seen.
Barbara : She has the best private tutors. I let her friends visit.
UNK: I'm not going to apologize.
Foreman : Just giving you my thoughts.
Barbara : She almost died three times during her childhood.
Barbara : - Penicillin, bee stings, peanuts. - I've seen her file.
Barbara : Six months ago, we leave her home alone for the first time on a weekend.
Barbara : She goes out, buys one chocolate chip cookie. Peanut butter in the dough.
UNK: She's forgotten her EpiPen. She drives to the hospital,
Barbara : passes out, has an accident. Steering wheel crushed her chest.
Barbara : She ended up losing her heart.
Barbara : So when you say to me that
Barbara : I'm one of the most overprotective parents you've seen, please,
Barbara : please introduce me to the ones who were more protective
Barbara : so that I can find out what they're doing right.
Chase : She's allergic to having a sucky social life.
Cameron : Give the parents a break. They're just trying to keep her healthy.
UNK: Everything in here's labeled "Hypoallergenic."
Chase : Check it anyway.