Barbara : You're releasing her? What happened? What did you find out?
UNK: Tests on your house ruled out any environmental allergens.
Barbara : Yeah, but what caused this?
Cameron : We believe it's highly unlikely that this set of circumstances
Cameron : - will repeat itself. - What set of circumstances?
Cameron : It's good news. She's healthy. But you might wanna talk to...
UNK: Cameron!
Melinda : I can't breathe.
Cameron : Getting the epi.
Lewis : Give her the shot!
UNK: No murmurs, no friction rubs...
Barbara : - What are you waiting for? - Quiet.
Cameron : She's coughing up white sputum.
UNK: Crackling two-thirds of the way up.
Cameron : Look at her neck.
UNK: Please, she is vomiting. Would you give her the shot?
Cameron : It's not an allergy. It's her heart.
House : What's the good news? What's the bad news?
Chase : Congestive heart failure.
House : Is which?
Cameron : - Good news. - Why?
Chase : I don't know. It just sounded like you.
House : New puzzle piece, always good news. What's the bad news?
UNK: We've got two puzzle pieces from two different puzzles.
House : Seems that way.
Cameron : What if her anaphylaxis wasn't anaphylaxis?
Cameron : Toxicity from the anti-rejection meds could cause a seizure
Cameron : and then heart failure.
House : And get cured by a mommy-wielded EpiPen? It's anaphylaxis. What else?
UNK: What if they really are two puzzles?
UNK: You think she had two unrelated rare conditions in one week?
Foreman : - We explained the anaphylaxis. - What do you mean "we"? I did.
UNK: At least I thought I did. Maybe I didn't. Still, it was all me.
Foreman : And heart problems aren't so rare for someone who's had a heart transplant.
Foreman : I say we assume House was right about the anaphylaxis.
House : It is tempting.
Foreman : Heart failure could be either infection, coronary disease, or rejection.
UNK: Sorry.
House : There's a reason they call it the whiteboard. It's not my rule.
House : What ties both these conditions together?
UNK: Okay, we can all stare at each other, or we can investigate
Foreman : what caused the heart failure. Just the heart failure.
Foreman : You wanna give me that black marker?
Cameron : There's no fever, so it's probably not infection.
Chase : Or no fever because she's been on immunosuppressants
UNK: for the last six months.
Foreman : Let's do a CT, get a heart biopsy, and then redo...
House : - Anything? - Not yet.
Foreman : So I hear you don't want teenagers having sex.
Foreman : Teen suicide rate isn't high enough for you already?
UNK: I think those two are brats. The girl undercuts her mom any chance she gets.
UNK: Yeah, it's the daughter's fault. Nothing to do with Mom infantilizing her.
Cameron : Good point. Explains why parents who don't pay attention
Cameron : get such nice, well-adjusted children.
Foreman : What's this?
UNK: - You think it's vegetation? - Yeah.
Foreman : The kind made of muscle that opens your heart valves.
Foreman : It's nothing. She's clean.
Cameron : It's good news.
Foreman : You don't show any signs of coronary artery disease.
Melinda : So what's next?
Foreman : Well, blood work to rule out infection, and then a heart surgical biopsy
Foreman : to rule out rejection.
UNK: But you don't think you're gonna rule out both things, do you?
UNK: No.
UNK: I'm gonna lose this heart, right?
Foreman : Hopefully we'll find the problem and fix it.
Foreman : - You'll keep your heart a long time. - How long?
Foreman : There could be drug breakthroughs that allow you to keep it for decades more.
Melinda : Yeah. That's the answer my cardiologist always gives me.
Melinda : I looked it up on the web. It's like five or 10 years, right?
Foreman : That's about the average.
Melinda : That's why I need to have a life.
Melinda : Why can't you convince my mom to let me go back to school?
Foreman : Melinda, you've got bigger worries right now than missing school.