UNK: Okay, I spent most of the night, Friday.
Dan : But if her mom finds out about that, she will totally freak.
Chase : You guys had sex?
Dan : Yeah, but, you know,
Dan : I did everything I could to make sure she wouldn't get sick.
Chase : Latex allergy?
Dan : What do you mean, like a condom? We didn't...
UNK: You had unsafe sex? The whole "unsafe" thing didn't tell you something?
UNK: Yeah, but, I mean, look. We didn't, like, plan on it, you know? It just...
Dan : I don't know. We're in love. We've been dating for two years.
Cameron : Practically a lifetime. How about a semen allergy?
UNK: We're gonna need a semen sample.
Chase : You can use the bathroom over there.
Dan : - Right. How do I... - Aim and shoot.
UNK: And no thinking about Dr. Cameron. We'll know.
Cameron : - We should tell her parents. - Why stop there? Call the cops.
Cameron : Melinda's a minor.
Chase : And if we nip it in the bud here, teenagers will never again have sex.
Chase : The parents will find out when they get the bill anyway.
Cameron : So you're fine with them finding out as long as you don't have to tell them?
Chase : Pretty much.
Cameron : Too bad it's not you giving the sample. We'd be done by now.
Cameron : Test was negative. No semen allergy.
House : Boyfriend sneaks in to get his freak on the night before the anaphylaxis.
House : - I don't buy that it's unrelated. - He loves her.
UNK: He did everything he could to make sure she wouldn't get sick.
UNK: What does that mean?
Cameron : Love is an emotion certain people experience, similar to happiness.
Cameron : No. Maybe I should give a more relatable example.
House : Oh, snap.
House : What did he do to protect her, Brillo Pad his privates?
UNK: - I assumed he washed and he... - Oh, good work.
House : Assumptions are so much faster than actual questions.
House : You the boyfriend?
UNK: - I need to borrow you. - What is going on?
House : Don't worry. I'll return him in roughly the same condition.
House : Did you take anything to stay healthy? Something stronger than an apple a day?
UNK: Is he okay?
House : He's just tired from being in a coma so long. What'd you take?
House : - Don't worry. He can keep a secret. - Right...
House : Antibiotics? Penicillin?
House : Any of those names ring a bell?
Dan : Yeah. My friend Elliot, his dad had, like, a whole bottle that
Dan : he hadn't finished, so I swiped it and took a bunch for, like, a week.
UNK: I mean, there's no way I was gonna risk breathing germs on Melinda.
House : This is the one downside of teenage sex. You're idiots.
House : You almost killed your girlfriend. She's allergic to penicillin.
Dan : What, do you think there was still some on my lips? I brushed my teeth.
House : Think lower and more fun.
UNK: - I mean, it can go through your stuff? - Totally, dude.
House : There's this administrator here,
House : whenever she gets sick, she just gives me the prescription.
Dan : But, you know, they tested Melinda.
Dan : They said she wasn't allergic to my stuff.
UNK: Yeah, four days later.
House : By that time the penicillin was crusting up a sock at the bottom of your hamper.
Dan : Do you have to tell her it was my fault?
UNK: No.
House : Great part of being a grownup,
House : you never have to do anything.