Beckett : Except you didn't have to kick down the door.
UNK: - I was in the moment. Yeah. - We wanted to be convincing.
Castle : Alexis, you, too?
Alexis : It's why I bought you the binoculars.
Castle : Even Captain Gates?
Ryan : Yeah, she jumped at the chance to dress you down for any reason.
Castle : - Where is Captain Gates? - She couldn't make it.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : All right!
Castle : You really blew my mind.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I figured the trickiest part would be fooling you
Beckett : and keep a straight face.
Castle : Well, you win the Oscar for Best Pretend Murder.
Castle : I cannot believe the whole thing was staged.
UNK: Staged?
UNK: What?
Beckett : I think I just solved my case!
UNK: Does that mean you're gonna have to go run off and arrest someone now?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Right now, I've got other plans.
Castle : Happy birthday.
Beckett : Look, I'm sorry I had to drag you down here,
Beckett : but I think you might actually hold the key to solving this murder.
Rigas : Sure. But I already told you what I know.
Beckett : Right, that you spotted the murder being committed on surveillance,
Beckett : and then you called 911.
Rigas : That's correct.
UNK: See, I've looked at this video dozens of times,
Beckett : trying to see if I could find a clue as to who the murderer was.
Beckett : And then I realized I'm looking in the wrong place.
Beckett : Do you see that?
Esposito : See what?
Beckett : It's actually kind of hard to spot.
UNK: That dot, right there.
Beckett : It's graffiti that somehow magically appears on that wall.
UNK: Here, I'll play it for you again.
Beckett : How is that possible?
Alexis : I don't know.
Beckett : The only way that it's possible is if someone tampered with the feed
Beckett : and replaced the live image
Beckett : with footage that was recorded before that tag was made.
Rigas : That would be impossible. Unless somebody...
Beckett : Had access to the surveillance system, which you have.
Beckett : And if that is indeed a prerecorded image,
Beckett : then that means that the attack was faked.
Beckett : And that woman that is being beaten and then thrown into the dumpster
Beckett : is not the real Mrs. DeWinter.
UNK: And do you notice that she never actually shows her face?
Beckett : It's almost as if someone is pretending to be her.
Beckett : Someone with the same frame. Someone a lot like you.
Rigas : That is not me!
Beckett : I'm guessing that the real Mrs. DeWinter was killed
Beckett : somewhere else earlier in the evening,
Beckett : and that the killer planted her body in the dumpster so that
Beckett : it would be there when you and your colleagues viewed the faked footage.
Beckett : That video is the perfect alibi for the murderer.
Rigas : I didn't even know Mrs. DeWinter.
Beckett : No, but you do know her husband.
Beckett : According to your personnel file,
Beckett : you worked night security at a supermarket in Queens a year ago.
Beckett : That is the same store as Mr. DeWinter.
Rigas : That's just a coincidence.
Beckett : Is it also a coincidence that you rented a CLS 550 a week ago?
Valentino : I didn't kill her.
Beckett : I know you didn't.
Beckett : I need you to tell me who did.
Beckett : They met a year ago on the late shift and started an affair.
Beckett : Once they got together, Gavin realized that he'd have to get rid of his wife,
Beckett : and instead of a messy divorce, they decided to make a killing.
Esposito : Some marriage. No wonder Clara wanted to disappear.
Beckett : Yeah, but she didn't do it fast enough.
UNK: So where'd the actual murder take place?
Beckett : In the DeWinters' garage.
Beckett : After dinner, he bludgeoned her to death
Beckett : with the bat that he left in the alleyway,
Beckett : and then he changed her into the clothes that Rigas wore on that tape.
UNK: And then, just before placing her body in the dumpster,
Beckett : Rigas switched to the dummy feed.
Esposito : - Perfect crime. - Yeah.
UNK: Almost.
UNK: Well, I'm glad I could help with the case,
Castle : even though it was by accident.
Castle : How many murders do you think we've solved since we met?
UNK: I don't know. Maybe a hundred or so?
Beckett : A hundred?
Castle : Here's to a hundred more.
Castle : You know, what you did for me,
Castle : nobody's ever done that for me before.
UNK: That was epic.
Castle : But you do know that now I will have to get you back.
Beckett : Really? And you think that you can top that?
Castle : Just you wait and see.