UNK: Kate Beckett : Almost there, Castle. Just another two weeks.
UNK: Richard Castle : It's already been two weeks. Two weeks is an eternity.
Beckett : Well, maybe next time we go skiing, you're not gonna be such a show-off.
Castle : I wasn't showing off.
Castle : Okay, I was showing off a little bit.
Castle : But I swear to you, I can do a tail-grab with my eyes closed,
Castle : and without breaking my kneecap.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Well, I am off.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Now, the retreat is out of cell phone range,
UNK: Martha Rodgers : so if I don't call you on your birthday, it is not because I have forgotten.
Castle : I won't think it's because you've forgotten.
Castle : I'll think it's because you made other plans.
Martha : Now, wait a minute.
Martha : You and Katherine were supposed to be celebrating in Bora Bora this week.
Castle : No, you're right. Have a great time on your retreat.
UNK: On your only son's birthday.
Martha : It is a spa trip, darling, not a guilt trip.
Martha : He's all yours. See you in a week.
UNK: Bye.
Beckett : Come on, Castle. Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
UNK: I'll get us a reservation. I'll take you somewhere nice for your birthday.
Castle : - As nice as Bora Bora? - Mmm...
Martha : Oh! Katherine, your ride is here.
Beckett : - Oh, great. - Ride?
Beckett : Yeah. We had a body drop.
Beckett : I asked the boys to pick me up
Beckett : so I'd have enough time to make you breakfast.
Castle : I'm missing another case?
Castle : No, come on. Guys, take me with you.
Beckett : No! Not until you get better.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Castle, how's the knee?
Castle : It's not the knee so much as the boredom.
UNK: - I thought you writers like being alone. - Yeah, if I could write.
Castle : But the painkillers make me a little loopy.
UNK: Last night, I used the word "speculate" three times in the same sentence.
Ryan : Hmm. You must be bored.
UNK: You've actually gone Rear Window.
Castle : Alexis got me those as a joke to cheer me up.
Castle : I have not yet resorted to voyeurism.
Ryan : Then you are missing out.
Esposito : What? Let me see.
Ryan : - No. Hey! - Give me the binoculars!
Ryan : Dude, she was just about to take off her towel.
Esposito : The towel's off.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Unless the body that you're looking at is dead,
Beckett : I suggest you drop those binoculars.
Beckett : Okay, Castle,
Beckett : I will call you and check on you soon.
Castle : Hey, what if I consult by phone?
UNK: We can pretend I'm Charlie and you're my Angels.
Beckett : Why are men such babies when they get sick or injured?
Esposito : It's an evolutionary thing.
Esposito : Men who can get women to take care of them,
Beckett : you know, they have a greater chance of survival.
Beckett : Really, Espo? Where'd you read that? You're Making It Up magazine?
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, what do we got?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Sorry, sweetie. It's a bad one.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Multiple contusions to the head,
UNK: Lanie Parish : evidence of fracturing at the base of the skull.
UNK: Lanie Parish : From the patterning, I'd say she was repeatedly struck by that bat.
Esposito : Do we know who she is?
UNK: The guard who found her ID'd her as Clara DeWinter,
Lanie : 35, lives in Queens and married.
Beckett : What was she doing in this alleyway
Beckett : in the middle of the night?
Lanie : She was an IRS agent. Worked in this building here.
UNK: Apparently, she was working late.
UNK: The employees sometimes cut across the alley
Ryan : to get to the parking garage next door.
Beckett : - Do we have a witness? - No.
Ryan : But we may have something way better.
Beckett : What the hell is that?
Rigas : No idea, ma'am. Never seen anything like it.
UNK: Espo?
Esposito : It's an infrared camera.
Esposito : So our attacker could be wearing some sort of high-intensity IR lights,
Esposito : which would be invisible to the eye but blinding to that camera.
Dessens : That's pretty sophisticated for a street criminal.
UNK: No, this wasn't a street crime.
Beckett : The person knew that that camera was there and took precautions.
Beckett : This was a premeditated murder.
Beckett : Wait, go back.
Beckett : Right there. That's our killer's car.
Beckett : Let's have Tech filter that image for make and model.
Beckett : And let's see if they can get us a better look at our attacker's face.
UNK: Gavin Dewinter : With all the cutbacks, her workload increased.
UNK: She'd stay late a couple of times a week trying to catch up.
UNK: And on those nights, I'd pick up an extra shift at the store.
Beckett : And when was the last time you saw her?
UNK: We ate dinner around 7 : 00,
UNK: then both went back to work.
Beckett : And how did she seem? Was she nervous? Upset?
Gavin : No. She was fine.
UNK: And what exactly did your wife do for the IRS?
Gavin : She was an investigator.
Gavin : She went after tax evaders.
UNK: So she must've made enemies.
Gavin : Yeah. Pretty much everyone she audited.
Beckett : And was there anyone in particular that she had trouble with?
UNK: Actually, yeah.
UNK: We were at a dinner a couple of weeks ago,
Gavin : and this guy comes barging into the restaurant,
Gavin : accusing Clara of destroying his life.
Beckett : Did she tell you who he was?
Gavin : Just another tax cheat she took down.
Gavin : She said it was no big deal, but I could tell she was rattled.
Beckett : Can you tell me what he looked like?
Gavin : Six feet, dark hair.
Gavin : You should check with her work.
Gavin : She promised to file a complaint, so...
UNK: "Looks like we've got some beautiful clear skies with us today.