UNK: Yeah?
Alexis : He's coming in! Dad, Dad, he's coming in!
Michael : No, I have it handled for now, but I can't leave it there forever.
Castle : Oh, no.
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, I was thinking Jimmy's boat.
Michael : While he's at work.
UNK: He'd never know.
Gavin : You think I did this?
Gavin : You think I could possibly hurt my wife? I told you, we were happy.
Beckett : Not according to her sister.
Beckett : She claims that Clara was terrified of you.
UNK: Her sister? That woman's had it out for me since we started dating.
Beckett : Then why did Clara hide money from you?
Beckett : And why was she planning on disappearing?
Gavin : How should I know?
Beckett : You took out a sizeable life insurance policy
Beckett : against your wife three months ago. Why?
Gavin : I'd like my lawyer. Now.
UNK: The supermarket confirmed he was there the night of the murder.
UNK: Came in at 10 : 00, left at 3 : 00. Can't be him.
Beckett : Get up to that store and talk to everyone that was there that night.
UNK: Tear apart his financials
UNK: and his phone records.
Beckett : If he hired someone, we gotta find out who.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Wait, you did what? And you helped him?
UNK: I did... I... Okay, this is not about what we did.
Castle : This is about what he did.
Castle : And check this out.
UNK: Now, I wasn't able to reassemble the credit cards,
Castle : but I found this in the bag.
Beckett : An invoice from a storage facility. So?
Castle : Not just any storage facility. This one's open 24 hours.
UNK: Yeah, and look what time he rented the space.
UNK: 3 : 43 a.m.
UNK: Last night at 3 : 00 a.m., I watched him pull a rug out of his apartment.
Castle : You know what fits in a rug?
Beckett : A body.
Castle : That's where he's storing her until he can figure out what to do.
Beckett : Or the rug belongs to his girlfriend
Beckett : who asked him to keep it in storage until she's ready to pick it up.
Castle : All right. Then explain the bleach.
Castle : The paint. And I overheard him say, "I can't keep it there forever."
Alexis : Dad, look. Someone's coming.
Castle : That's him. That's the guy she was having an affair with.
Castle : He's looking for her. He wants to know where she is.
Castle : If you leave now, you can catch him. You can ask him where she is.
UNK: Castle...
UNK: Look, if she's really visiting her mother,
Castle : wouldn't the guy she's having the affair with,
Castle : who broke them up, be the first to know?
Beckett : Excuse me. Hey! Excuse me! NYPD. Do you have a minute?