Beckett : see if the husband recognizes anyone.
Beckett : Hey, Castle.
Castle : Where are you?
UNK: I'm at work. Why?
Castle : You said you were bringing home dinner.
Beckett : Yes. On my way home.
Castle : So when are you leaving?
UNK: Soon.
UNK: When's soon?
UNK: Like, in half an hour?
UNK: Fine.
Beckett : Shut up.
Castle : He is so on to you.
UNK: Ah. Uh-huh.
Castle : Here it comes.
Castle : The inevitable huge breakup.
Castle : No, no, no, no.
UNK: Don't, don't. Don't take the knife. Don't...
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Castle, I'm not gonna get there any faster...
UNK: No, no, no. Beckett, Beckett, listen. I think I just saw a murder.
Castle : Why aren't they arresting him?
Castle : Look, I know what I saw.
Castle : He took a knife and followed her into the bedroom.
Ryan : I looked in the bedroom.
Ryan : Everything was fine. No blood, no body, I swear.
Castle : Did you look under the bed, in the closet?
Ryan : Castle, the guy was relaxed and fully cooperative.
Ryan : He let us poke around without a warrant.
Castle : So he probably hid the body.
Castle : If he was completely calm, he could be a psychopath.
Beckett : What did he say about the girl?
Esposito : He admitted they had a fight. They broke up and she left.
UNK: Not possible. I would've seen her.
UNK: So, you were watching the whole time?
UNK: I...
Castle : Well, not the entire time, I had to...
UNK: So she could've left and you didn't see?
Castle : It's possible, but...
Esposito : Because he called her.
Esposito : Handed me the phone, I spoke to her.
Esposito : She confirmed his story.
UNK: She was in the car on her way to her mom's house in Philadelphia.
Beckett : All right. Thanks, guys.
Castle : I'm not crazy.
Beckett : No, but you do have a vivid imagination,
Beckett : and you've been stuck inside for two weeks.
Beckett : What were you doing looking out the window anyway?
UNK: Well, I was...
UNK: Bored?
Beckett : So you saw what you wanted to see?
UNK: When did you take your last painkiller?
Castle : I was not hallucinating.
Beckett : Come on, Castle. You're here with a broken leg, binoculars,
Beckett : seeing a Rear Window scenario play out across the way.
Beckett : I mean, what are the odds?
UNK: Astronomical.
UNK: All right, I'm gonna make us some dinner and then get you to bed.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : - I can explain. - Please don't.
Castle : Listen, he was pacing back and forth in his apartment,
Castle : and he kept looking towards the bedroom.
Castle : Then he slept on the couch.
Castle : Now, why would you sleep on the couch when you have a perfectly good bed?
Beckett : I could ask you the same question.
Castle : I'll tell you why. Because he had a dead body in there.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito didn't find it because he hid it.
Beckett : Do you realize what you're doing?
Beckett : You're obsessing over this because you have nothing else to obsess about.
Beckett : Why don't you just come with me to the precinct,
Beckett : focus on a real murder instead of wasting your time on an imaginary one?
Castle : Well, actually, I was thinking about just trying to do some writing today.
Beckett : Okay. As long as by writing,
Beckett : you don't mean staring out the window and ogling at your neighbors.
UNK: No.
Castle : That would be immoral and intrusive.
Beckett : Yeah, like you've never done that before.
UNK: John Dessens : - Hey. - Hey.
Esposito : How's Jimmy Stewart?
Beckett : You know, up half the night waiting for the neighbor to move the body.
Beckett : So did Tech get anything on our killer's car in the alley?
Esposito : Yeah. They identified it as a late model, light-colored CLS 550.
Esposito : I've got folks combing over Clara's audit records