Esposito : to see if anyone lists that vehicle on their return.
Ryan : Hey, so I just got off the phone with security at Clara's office.
Ryan : A few weeks back, this guy tried to muscle his way past security.
Ryan : Now, they tried to detain him, but he broke free
Ryan : and he tore out of the parking lot in...
UNK: A CLS 550.
Beckett : This looks like the guy Gavin said was after his wife.
Ryan : Yeah, so I compared that photo to Clara's audit files,
Ryan : and I got a hit on this guy.
Ryan : Dan Renner.
Ryan : He's an anti-government, pro-freedom hothead.
Ryan : Made a fortune on a chain of dry cleaners in Brooklyn
Ryan : that he's neglected to pay taxes on in nearly a decade.
Ryan : And because of Clara's audit, he's facing criminal charges
UNK: and his wife just filed for divorce.
Esposito : Sounds like someone has an axe to grind.
Beckett : Or a bat to swing. Pick him up.
UNK: Yep.
UNK: You bought rope and a tarp.
Castle : What would you need a tarp for?
Castle : It's blood!
Castle : You're washing away the... He's washing away the...
UNK: Dan Renner : They took my house, my marriage.
UNK: Dan Renner : I was facing a jail sentence,
UNK: Dan Renner : so, yeah, I wanted to have
UNK: Dan Renner : A few words with Mrs. DeWinter about the land of the free.
UNK: Dan Renner : That doesn't mean I killed her.
Esposito : You know what that is? That's a silver CLS 550,
UNK: just like the one you drive, fleeing her murder scene.
Renner : Just like the one I drove.
Renner : Look, my 550 was seized by federal agents two weeks ago.
Renner : You can check.
UNK: And given what Mrs. DeWinter was gonna do for me,
Renner : I'm the last person who wanted her dead.
Beckett : Going to do for you?
UNK: Yeah. She came to see me a week ago,
Renner : said she needed a favor, and if I helped her,
Renner : she'd make the criminal charges go away.
Beckett : What kind of a favor could she possibly have wanted from you?
UNK: Because of how well I hid my money, fake names, multiple IDs,
Renner : she asked me to help her disappear.
Renner : - Disappear? - Yeah.
Renner : She said if I helped her get a new identity,
Renner : she'd help me get my life back.
Beckett : And why would she want a new identity?
Renner : She didn't say. But now she's dead and I'm screwed.
UNK: Mr. Renner, where were you two nights ago, at 1 : 38 a. M?
Renner : At my sister's.
Ryan : Beckett, Castle's calling. He says it's an emergency?
Beckett : This is not an emergency!
UNK: I caught him red-handed. Literally red-handed.
Beckett : So then it's gotta be blood.
Castle : What else could it be?
Beckett : Red paint, tomato juice, beets, red velvet cupcakes.
Castle : He bought a tarp and a rope.
Castle : He brought them into the bedroom, where I'm betting, right now,
Castle : he's cutting her into portable pieces.
Castle : Get a warrant. Search that place before there's no evidence left.
UNK: Esposito spoke to the girl. We know she's alive.
Castle : How do you know it's the same girl?
Castle : It's possible he paid someone to be his alibi.
Beckett : Or it's possible something else entirely is going on here.
Beckett : Look, I know that you're lonely and that you miss me.
Beckett : I miss you, too.
Beckett : But you don't have to keep making up things to have me come back here.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa. You think this is a ploy to get you here?
Beckett : Look, I don't mean to be...
Castle : No, I know what you mean, all right? And I know what I saw.
Beckett : All right, you know what? I have to get back to the precinct.
Castle : Wow. You really don't believe me.
Beckett : I'll be back later.
Castle : You know what? Don't worry about it.
Castle : I'm fine.
Esposito : Yo. What was the emergency?
Beckett : He wanted me to get a warrant to search the place across the way.
Beckett : Looks like he's taking this whole thing pretty seriously.
Esposito : Should we be worried?
Beckett : I just hope he doesn't do something stupid.
Beckett : Where are we with Dan Renner?
Esposito : His alibi checks out, and he was telling the truth about his car.
UNK: Maybe he was telling the truth about Clara, as well.
Beckett : Let's dig deeper into her life, see if we can find anything.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : He's getting rid of the body.
UNK: Beckett's gonna have to believe me now.
UNK: Okay.