UNK: Where's the... There we go, here we go.
Castle : No, no, no!
UNK: Alexis Castle : If you thought he was getting rid of the body, why didn't you call Beckett?
UNK: Well, she thinks it's all in my head,
Castle : a by-product of my imagination and pain pills.
Alexis : Like that time you were convinced my art teacher was a serial killer?
Castle : Come on. He looked just like the guy from America's Most Wanted.
Alexis : Did you ever stop to think that maybe
Alexis : there's an innocent explanation for everything?
Castle : All right, what is the innocent explanation
Castle : for rolling up a rug and taking it out of your apartment at 3 : 00 a. M?
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : That is pretty weird.
UNK: Right? And then he didn't come back until 4 : 30 this morning.
UNK: Where'd he go?
Alexis : I don't know, but he's up now.
Castle : What's he doing?
UNK: - Uh... He... - What?
Castle : What do you see?
Alexis : He's taking off his clothes.
UNK: What? Give me those.
Alexis : Oh, he's cute.
Beckett : - All right. - No, I...
UNK: Seriously.
Castle : You shouldn't be watching this.
Alexis : Yeah, neither should you.
Beckett : - What the... - That's creepy.
Ryan : Staring at the phone won't make it ring. I learned that in junior high.
Esposito : You know what, maybe I should go over there.
UNK: I mean, his birthday is tomorrow.
Esposito : Trust me, he'll call when he's ready. And you're not gonna want to miss this.
UNK: We went back through all of Clara's records.
Ryan : Turns out she was hiding something.
UNK: Over a half a million dollars in a secret bank account.
Esposito : She used every legal trick to hide it.
Esposito : Nobody, not even her husband, knew about it.
UNK: This girl made $ 75K a year. How'd she get her hands on half a mill?
Ryan : Well, at first we thought she was shaking down her auditees,
Ryan : but then we traced the deposits.
Esposito : All from businesses owned or affiliated to Tommy Valentino.
UNK: Tommy "The Shark" Valentino?
UNK: Why's an IRS agent taking payoffs from a crime boss?
Esposito : I don't know, but wanting to disappear
UNK: and then getting whacked in an alley, it's all starting to make sense.
Alexis : It's been two hours. What's he doing in there?
UNK: Getting rid of evidence.
UNK: Blood stains, trace DNA.
UNK: Pretty soon there's going to be nothing left.
Alexis : Oh! Here he comes! Here he comes!
Alexis : What's in the bags?
Gavin : He took the body out in the rug.
Castle : That could be clothing, bedding.
Castle : That's her purse!
Alexis : If they broke up, no way she left without her purse.
Castle : She did not leave that apartment, at least not alive.
Castle : And now he's obliterating her identity!
Alexis : - We need to call Beckett. - And tell her what?
Castle : That we saw a man donning gloves and a respirator?
Castle : For all we know, he was cleaning the bathroom. No.
UNK: If I'm gonna convince Beckett I'm not crazy,
Castle : I need proof. Something solid.
UNK: Dad, you can't break into his apartment.
Castle : All the evidence we need is in that shredder.
Castle : It'll tell us who the victim is. We can prove she's missing.
Alexis : And what if he catches you?
Castle : He won't. Not if I have your help.
Castle : Next time he leaves, I'll slip over there.
Castle : You keep watch, make sure he's not coming back.
Castle : I go inside,
Castle : I get whatever's in the shredder, and I get out.
Castle : - Two minutes, tops. - On crutches?
Castle : The doctor did say I need more exercise.
Alexis : What if I go? I'm smaller, faster and younger.
Castle : No, no, no. If you get caught,
Castle : you get a B and E on your record, and you'll never become President.
UNK: Dad...
Castle : He's getting away with murder.
Castle : You got a better plan?