Bracken : You're trying to take a professional relationship and use it against me.
Esposito : Look, man, we're not trying to jam you up...
Bracken : I know where I've seen you.
Bracken : You work with Detective Beckett.
Ryan : We just have a few more questions.
Bracken : Then call my lawyer.
Esposito : The guy's guilty as hell, but he has an alibi.
Esposito : He was at some conference all day. Ryan's checking it out now.
Beckett : It's gonna check out.
Beckett : He never does this on his own. He always sends someone else.
Castle : Okay, okay. So, now, not only do we have to find this killer,
Castle : but we have to connect him to Bracken.
Esposito : Except we have no idea where to start looking.
Esposito : We don't even have a real crime scene.
Beckett : No, but we're getting closer.
Beckett : The FBI performed an analysis of Melanie's voice mail.
Beckett : It was a call made from a parking garage where she was abducted.
Castle : They identified the background noise
UNK: as the hydraulic motor of a TC5015 tower crane.
Esposito : Tower cranes are used in heavy construction.
Castle : Which means the garage is near a construction site.
Castle : And only 12 sites in the city are currently using that crane.
UNK: Hey. So, Bracken's alibi checked out.
UNK: Witnesses put him at the Goldman Ecological Conference
UNK: all afternoon yesterday.
UNK: They also confirmed that Melanie was there, just like he said.
UNK: She was seen leaving at 3 : 45.
UNK: Melanie left the voice mail from the parking garage at 4 : 00.
Castle : Where was that conference being held?
Ryan : The Widmark Hotel downtown.
UNK: The Widmark? That's five blocks from that construction site.
Beckett : Which is right next to a parking garage.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett! You need to see this!
UNK: X, T, three, just like in Melanie's voice mail.
Beckett : Did you run the plates?
Ryan : Yeah. Just came back stolen, reported four days ago.
Beckett : All right, you guys check inside. Espo, pop that trunk.
Castle : I may be wrong, but that looks like a sniper rifle.
Ryan : You wouldn't be wrong.
Esposito : Yo, Widmark Hotel. That's where that conference is.
Ryan : Didn't Bracken say he was giving
Ryan : a speech there in a couple of days?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : I don't think Bracken's our killer.
Castle : He isn't.
Castle : He's the target.
Beckett : Based on what we found in the car,
Beckett : someone was planning on shooting the Senator
UNK: at the eco-conference tomorrow night, while he delivers his keynote speech.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : And if our suspect is still out there, he's still a threat.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Did we get any prints off that duffel bag?
Beckett : Not yet, sir. CSU's still dusting the car, the notebook
Beckett : and everything else in the bag, including the rifle.
Beckett : Now, we have serial numbers on the rifle, and we're looking into those.
Gates : And our victim. How did Melanie Rogers get mixed up in this?
UNK: Somehow she stumbled upon his plot and he killed her.
UNK: Oh, excuse me.
Gates : - It's the Mayor. Keep me posted. Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : We might have a description of our potential shooter.
Ryan : Widmark security stopped someone
Ryan : from getting into the conference without proper credentials.
Julie : - When? - Two days ago.
UNK: "A Caucasian, baseball cap, beard, long stringy hair,"
UNK: and he was carrying a large gray duffel bag, just like that one.
Castle : What time?
UNK: They said it was about 3 : 45 p.m.
Castle : That's when Melanie left the conference.
Castle : In her message, she said something wasn't right.