Esposito : The guy murdered Beckett's mother, Captain Montgomery,
Esposito : who knows who else.
Esposito : Bracken's got it coming to him, so I say let it come.
Gates : Mayor's asking for an update. What's the latest?
UNK: The serial number on that rifle
Ryan : led us to a hunting store in Paterson, New Jersey.
Ryan : The owner ID'd our suspect from the sketch.
Ryan : The paperwork indicates that several firearms were purchased,
Ryan : but the name and address are all bogus.
Gates : Okay. Take a few units to canvass the area near the store
Gates : and take the sketch of our suspect.
Beckett : All right.
Gates : Detective Esposito?
Gates : - Any word from CSU? - Yes, sir.
Esposito : They discovered part of a receipt with a smudge on it in the duffle bag.
UNK: They're trying to get a partial print off of that.
UNK: Now, there's no point of sale on the receipt,
Esposito : but the SKU number matched that hat.
Esposito : Manufacturer's sending over a list of outlets in the Tri-State area,
Esposito : but there's over 200 locations.
Gates : Focus on the ones in Jersey first.
UNK: Twenty-four hours before Bracken speaks.
Gates : Maybe Beckett will have better luck with those threat letters.
Castle : Man, these people need to get a life.
Castle : Most of these guys, it seems their only companionship
Castle : is the space alien that talks to them through their microwave.
Beckett : Yeah, well, there's a lot of lonely and confused people out there,
Beckett : but so far none of the letters match the handwriting
UNK: in our suspect's notebook.
Castle : Considering what he's capable of,
Castle : you would think Bracken would have more formidable enemies.
Beckett : Obviously you never saw the letter that I sent him.
Castle : I did, actually. I liked the way you dotted the "l" on "kill" with a little heart.
Castle : It was a nice touch.
Beckett : Well, I was trying to give it a personal feel.
Castle : Well done.
UNK: So, we're really not gonna talk about this?
UNK: Well, I mean, Castle, what is there to talk about?
UNK: Honestly? Practically everything.
Beckett : Which is why all I can do is treat it like another case.
Beckett : 'Cause that's what it is. It's just like any other case.
Beckett : You're tired, Castle. Why don't you go get some rest?
Castle : No. No, no, I can stay if you like.
Beckett : No, come on. Go. I'll call you if I need anything, okay?
Castle : You really are remarkable, you know that?
UNK: I'm working on this case where I need to find a suspect.
Beckett : And I came across a piece of evidence. It's a letter that he wrote.
UNK: And there's no addresses, no name.
Beckett : Just a postmark from New Jersey.
Beckett : And I know in my gut that this is our big break.
Beckett : One way or another, it's gonna lead us straight to him.
UNK: And yet here you are, talking to me.
Beckett : If we find this suspect,
UNK: then someone worse, much worse, is going to escape justice.
UNK: Burke voiceover : I take it no one else knows about the letter.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : No. Not yet.
UNK: Well, as a police officer, you must've faced similar dilemmas.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Burke voiceover : Why is this time different?
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Because this time, it feels like there's no right choice.
UNK: Burke voiceover : Maybe the right choice is the one you can live with.
Castle : Hey. You guys seen Beckett?
Ryan : No. Not since last night. We thought she was with you.
Castle : No, I tried her a couple of times this morning,
UNK: but she wasn't picking up.
Esposito : All right, thanks.
Esposito : Yo, I'm trying to get through this list of stores that sell the baseball caps.
Esposito : Half of them aren't even open yet. What about you?
UNK: Nada. The canvass around the gun store turned up empty.
UNK: Richard Castle : - Hey. - Hey!
Beckett : You guys, where are we on the suspect?
Esposito : Nowhere. And Senator Bracken speaks in less than 10 hours.
Esposito : You find anything in those letters?
Beckett : No. Nothing significant.
Castle : You doing all right?
Beckett : I need a second.