UNK: NYPD!
UNK: NYPD! Don't move!
UNK: Clear!
Beckett : - Clear! - Clear.
UNK: Clear.
Beckett : Take the place apart. Look for anything that might lead us to him.
Ryan : We should check the rest of the building.
Beckett : I'll talk to the manager for details on his routine.
Beckett : NYPD. Show me your hands.
UNK: Don't move. Don't move or I'll shoot!
Castle : Hey, just spoke to Ryan. McManus is still out there.
UNK: But the boys are going door-to-door in every building nearby.
Beckett : I had him in my sights.
Beckett : I had him.
Castle : So you missed. So what? It could happen to anyone...
UNK: No.
Beckett : I didn't miss.
Castle : What do you mean?
Beckett : I found a letter in the threats file.
Beckett : It was from McManus.
Castle : How long have you known about this?
Ryan : Since last night.
Beckett : McManus was accusing Bracken of murdering his son.
Beckett : I looked into it. He was a 24-year-old kid.
Beckett : He was an intern for Bracken's re-election campaign.
Beckett : He had a meeting scheduled with a reporter,
Beckett : and the next day they found him hanged.
Castle : And you think Bracken...
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. My God.
Beckett : I almost suppressed evidence.
UNK: I was gonna burn that letter.
Castle : But you didn't.
Beckett : I didn't miss McManus.
Beckett : I looked him in the eye and I saw his pain.
Beckett : And I couldn't take that shot.
Beckett : What if I wanted him to get away? Wanted him to go through with this?
Beckett : Then what does that make me?
Beckett : Is there anything new?
Gates : Nothing yet on McManus,
Gates : but a search of his room turned up wires, detonator, traces of C-4.
Gates : Looks like he was building a bomb.
UNK: A bomb? Did anyone find it?
Gates : No. If he built something,
Gates : it's either with him, or already out there waiting to go off.
Castle : Beckett, hang on.
Beckett : He had a rifle, Castle. A rifle, not a bomb.
Beckett : If he detonates that thing tonight at the conference
Beckett : and innocent people get hurt...