Beckett : They're expertly done.
Beckett : You saw McManus, he was barely able to button his own shirt.
Castle : In his current state, no.
UNK: But he could've done this while he was still on his meds.
Beckett : And what about Melanie's body?
UNK: He burned it and then he knocked out her teeth to keep it unidentifiable.
UNK: And then he leaves a duffel bag in a stolen car for us to find?
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense.
Castle : Well, he's mentally ill.
Castle : I mean, not everything he does is going to make sense.
Beckett : No, Castle. Something is not right.
UNK: That Zippo lighter that we heard on Melanie's voice mail?
Beckett : McManus doesn't smoke. We didn't find a Zippo in any of his things.
UNK: Kate,
Castle : let it go.
Castle : I mean, you don't have anything to prove.
Castle : Not to Bracken, not to me, not to yourself.
Beckett : Castle, this isn't about proving something.
Beckett : This is about evidence.
UNK: All the evidence, the letter, the notebook, the bomb,
Castle : everything traces back to McManus.
Beckett : What if somebody wanted us to find him?
Beckett : What if they're framing him?
Beckett : So that everyone would think that the threat was over
Beckett : while the real assassin is still out there.
Beckett : The C-4 in the vest.
Beckett : What if that was the bomb that we were supposed to find?
UNK: And there's another bomb that's still out there,
Beckett : planned for the keynote address?
UNK: That's an event whose time and place has been known for weeks.
Castle : If a bomb went off during Bracken's speech,
Castle : they could say McManus set it before he was apprehended.
Beckett : Bracken's supposed to go on stage at 8 : 00.
UNK: That's 20 minutes away.
Beckett : Look, I know that I don't have any proof. I know that this sounds crazy...
Castle : And you know how determined Bracken was to give this speech.
Castle : If you stop it, and you're wrong, your career is over.
Beckett : And if I'm right?
Beckett : This is Detective Beckett, badge number 41319.
Beckett : I'm calling for the evacuation of the Widmark Hotel.
Bracken : Detective Beckett!
Beckett : Castle, why don't you see if you can get an update from the bomb squad?
UNK: Right.
Bracken : What the hell is going on here? Who called in the bomb squad?
Beckett : We had a credible threat, sir.
Bracken : Credible according to who?
Beckett : I think we should speak alone.
Beckett : We believe someone that you know is trying to kill you.
Bracken : What? You already have the man in custody.
UNK: We believe McManus was set up
Beckett : because of the threatening letter that he sent you,
Beckett : which means the individual involved has access to the files in your office.
Bracken : And you have evidence for all of this?
Bracken : You don't have evidence?
UNK: Look, I'm not gonna make this kind of accusation lightly.
Bracken : So you called in a bomb scare based on what? A hunch?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: We finished our search of the primary target area, Detective.
UNK: Bomb Squad Member Koch : We found no explosive device.
Beckett : What about the stage? Did you check the podium...
UNK: We swept everything in a 50-foot radius
Koch : of where the Senator would be speaking.
UNK: All right, well, this is ridiculous. Let's just get everybody back inside.
Koch : I'm sorry, Senator,
Koch : we still have to conduct a thorough search of the building.
UNK: It's gonna take a few more hours, I'm afraid.
Bracken : You think I don't know what you're doing?
Bracken : You let McManus get away so that he would take me down,
Bracken : and when that didn't play out,
Bracken : you decided to ruin the most important moment of my career.
Beckett : - That's not what this... - No.
Bracken : You save that for the review board!
Bracken : You have overplayed your hand, and I am going to bury you!
Beckett : Oh, God, Castle, I don't understand. How did we get this so wrong?
Castle : We knew we were taking a risk.
UNK: No, there's got to be a reason that they were framing McManus.
Beckett : They had to have been planning this for tonight, here.
UNK: That's the only thing that makes sense.
Castle : Or he wasn't being framed.
Beckett : Maybe they couldn't get the bomb in the building.
Beckett : With the heightened security because McManus was on the loose,
Beckett : maybe they had to make a different plan.
Beckett : Place the bomb somewhere more accessible.
Castle : Kate, it's over.