UNK: Kate Beckett : So, what makes you so sure
UNK: Kate Beckett : that Alexis isn't serious about this guy?
UNK: Richard Castle : Well, I haven't met him or approved of him yet,
UNK: Richard Castle : so it can't be serious.
UNK: Richard Castle : All suitors must be met and intimidated by me, personally,
UNK: Richard Castle : before they can be considered for official boyfriend status.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I would not do that.
Lanie : Her body was in that barrel over there, burned.
Lanie : And I mean, beyond recognition.
Beckett : Any chance of a positive ID?
Lanie : Not from fingerprints.
Lanie : But bone structure tells me it's a young woman, about 5'4".
Castle : So, a transient?
Lanie : I doubt it. There's a bullet hole in the back of her head.
Lanie : And then there's her teeth.
Lanie : Every one of them was knocked out of her mouth.
Castle : So much for dental records.
UNK: Well, someone obviously went to great lengths to make sure she disappeared.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : So, none of these guys saw anything.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : They panhandle by day, don't come back here until it's dark.
UNK: Javier Esposito : First guy who showed up said the fire was already going.
UNK: Sounds like a dump job.
UNK: All right, we have a female, she's 5'4".
Beckett : Let's start looking through missing persons reports.
UNK: Wait. You may not have to do that.
Lanie : A titanium screw from her jaw.
Castle : Dental implant.
Lanie : And there's a batch number, which could give us her name.
Ryan : We traced that dental screw to Melanie Rogers, 27.
Ryan : Lived in New Jersey, near Rutgers University,
Ryan : where she was a postdoc engineer in eco-friendly design.
Ryan : By all accounts, she was well-liked, respected.
UNK: No one I spoke to had any idea who could have done this to her.
Castle : What's an engineer from New Jersey doing in a barrel in Lower Manhattan?
Esposito : I don't know, but something was going on with her.
Esposito : I pulled her phone records for yesterday.
UNK: She made a half a dozen calls to the same number in a 20-minute period.
UNK: Richard Castle : - Boyfriend? - Could be.
Esposito : It's a 202 number, but it's listed as blocked.
UNK: 202. That's Washington, D.C.
Esposito : Yep, preliminary check shows it's a cell phone.
Beckett : Which means whoever it is might be in the city.
Beckett : Let's get a warrant on that phone number.
Esposito : She made one other call after that, around 4 : 00 p.m.,
Esposito : and then after that, all of her phone activity went dark.
Beckett : Who was the call to?
Esposito : It was to her half-sister, Julie. I took a look, she's her only family.
Esposito : She works as a loan officer in Midtown.
Beckett : Bring her in. She might be able to shed some light.
Julie : Melanie and I were never all that close.
Julie : But when our dad got sick, we, um...
Julie : We found each other.
Castle : Do you have any idea what your sister was doing in the city yesterday?
Julie : No. She came in from time to time.
Beckett : Do you know if she was dating anyone recently?
Castle : Someone from D.C., perhaps?
Julie : Not that I knew about.
Julie : Although, just two nights ago, she met me for dinner.
Julie : She mentioned meeting a friend afterwards.
Castle : Did she say who?
UNK: I asked, but she said she couldn't talk about it for some reason.
Beckett : So, when you spoke with her yesterday, did it sound like anything was wrong?
Julie : I never spoke to her yesterday.
UNK: Her phone records indicate she called you about 4 : 00.
UNK: 4 : 00? No, I was in a meeting.
Julie : Oh, my God.
Julie : She left a message.
Melanie : Hey. It's me. Listen, I think something is going on.
Melanie : Something's not right. I'm pretty sure someone's after me.
Beckett : She's in a parking structure.
Castle : You can hear two sets of footsteps.
Melanie : If anything happens, tell them "X, T, three."
Tech : That's it.
Beckett : She recorded her own murder.
Castle : Okay, parking structure, letters and numbers.
Castle : Sounds like she's reading off a license plate.
Beckett : Of the guy that was following her. And "X, T, three,"
UNK: I mean, there's gonna be thousands of plates with that partial.
Beckett : Can you play the end again?
Beckett : I thought I heard something after the phone hit the ground.
Melanie : If anything happens, tell them "X, T, three."
Beckett : There. Did you hear that? There's a click.
Tech : Let me see what I can do with that.
UNK: It's a lighter. That's a Zippo lighter.
Castle : So he killed Melanie, and then stopped to have a cigarette?
Beckett : Which means we might be dealing with a psychopath.