UNK: There's another world out there, Mr. Castle,
Bracken : one that most people don't see.
Bracken : Run by money, influence, power.
Bracken : And the people in it will do anything they can to stay on top.
Bracken : But I assume that you already know that.
Castle : I wouldn't have done it, you know, what she did.
UNK: I'd have stood and watched.
Beckett : So, he's not talking.
Beckett : But a search of his apartment turned up a pair of gloves
Beckett : with traces of Melanie Rogers' blood on it.
Beckett : They also found a fake beard and a baseball cap just like McManus'.
Castle : So McManus could be seen at the conference by security.
Castle : It's all part of the setup.
Bracken : Melanie met Noah a bunch of times.
Bracken : She probably recognized him on the day,
Bracken : wondered what he was doing and followed him.
UNK: If she got on to him, he would've had no choice but to kill her.
Bracken : What a shame.
Bracken : She was a sweet kid.
Ryan : Hey, got a sec?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: We did a little digging into that driver of yours.
UNK: It turns out you're not his only employer, Senator.
Esposito : We took a look into his financials.
UNK: There're a series of large deposits made into his checking account.
Bracken : Let me guess.
Bracken : Untraceable wire transfers bounced through shadow accounts
UNK: in Switzerland and the Middle East?
UNK: Just like you would've done.
Beckett : Thanks, guys.
Beckett : You know who's behind this, don't you?
Bracken : I have my suspicions.
UNK: Who?
Bracken : Someone who's gotten rich
Bracken : making powerful people promises that I needed to keep.
Bracken : What does a kingmaker do when a king no longer follows orders?
Beckett : I need a name.
Bracken : You've done enough, Detective.
Beckett : Senator, that person is still out there, and I have no way of getting to him.
Beckett : You're not safe.
UNK: I am touched by your concern,
Bracken : but I think maybe you forget who you're dealing with.
Howard : Sir, we have to leave.
Howard : You're already 30 minutes behind schedule.
Bracken : Detective Beckett, would you walk me out?
Bracken : You saved my life.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you can't win 'em all, can you?
Bracken : I suppose this means I'm in your debt.
Beckett : Nothing's changed between us, Senator.
Bracken : Even so.
Bracken : It's a dangerous world out there, Detective.
Bracken : You never know when you might need a friend.
Beckett : McManus' son.
Beckett : Was that you?
Bracken : If I said no, would you really believe me?
UNK: Reporter 1 : There he is!
Beckett : - Senator! - Senator Bracken!
Beckett : - Senator Bracken! - Senator Bracken!
Beckett : - Senator... - Senator!
UNK: Is it true the attempt on your life was an inside job?
UNK: Reporter 1 : Witnesses say they arrested your driver. Any comments?
UNK: Reporter 2 : Did it have anything to do with
UNK: Reporter 2 : your environmental initiative?
UNK: Look, the Senator is very busy...
UNK: No, no, that's okay. I'll make a statement.
Bracken : As you all know, last night an attempt was made on my life.
UNK: And though I was not able to introduce my initiative at the eco-conference,
Bracken : it has only strengthened my resolve
Bracken : to move forward with this historic piece of legislation.
Bracken : And I would like to especially thank
Bracken : the brave men and women
Bracken : of the New York City Police Department who thwarted this plot.
Announcer : And in a shocking development,
Announcer : federal agents arrested Benjamin Moss,
UNK: founder of the powerful Super PAC American Way,
Announcer : after connecting him to payments made to the Senator's would-be assassin.
Announcer : Moss, a former presidential...
Julie : My God.
Castle : It was Ben Moss?
Beckett : Biggest kingmaker of them all.
Castle : But Bracken only had him arrested.
Castle : The way he was talking, I half expected the guy to die in a "plane crash"
Castle : or some kind of mysterious "car accident."
UNK: No, this is so much better.
Beckett : Now, Bracken's a folk hero.
Beckett : The rare politician willing to stand up to special interests
Beckett : and fight for what's right, even if it costs him his life.
Castle : You're right. That's a better story.
Castle : The kind of story that could make a guy president.
Beckett : He'll slip up eventually. And when he does, I'll be ready.