UNK: l think people might know what we're talking about.
UNK: That's fine. Listen, sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended.
UNK: They said if l didn't come back today, they'd fire me.
Ross : What? No, that's illegal.
UNK: l'll have the Labor Department here so fast, they won't--
UNK: All right, calm down, Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that.
UNK: l'm just afraid if l don't come back now, this guy will try and squeeze me out.
UNK: But what about Emma? l mean, we don't have a nanny.
UNK: l know. We're just gonna have to figure out a plan tonight.
Rachel : Can you please just take care of her for today?
UNK: Absolutely. Just give me your breasts, and we'll be on our way.
Interviewer : Come on. l don't know what else to do.
Ross : Fine. Fine.
Ross : We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will. Yes, we--
UNK: Ross.
Rachel : You're pretty.
UNK: Whatever l decide to do, l'm gonna be starting a new career from scratch.
UNK: lt's gonna be a while before l make a living at it.
UNK: Maybe now's not the right time to be starting a family.
Ross : So you have to tell Monica you don't want to have a baby right now?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Goodbye.
Monica : Okay, it's baby time. Pants off, Bing.
Monica : Didn't see you there, Geller.
Chandler : Ross is here, so....
UNK: And l was really hoping that maybe l could hang out.
UNK: You know, what do you feel like doing?
UNK: Well, we're gonna have sex.
UNK: l don't feel like having sex.
UNK: Maybe.... l don't know. Maybe we can watch a movie or something.
UNK: Let me put it this way :
Monica : We're having sex whether you're here or not.
Monica : Pants off, Bing.
UNK: Now that l'm back, why don't you just fill me in on what you've been up to.
UNK: Well, l've changed your screen saver from that picture of *NSYNC.
UNK: Hey, they were popular when l left.
UNK: l'm working on this big presentation for tomorrow.
UNK: l should be involved in that, so get me up to speed.
UNK: That'll take weeks. Let me take care of the presentation.
UNK: No. l see what you're doing here, all right?
UNK: This is my job, buddy. l've had it for five years, and l know how it works.
Rachel : -So why don't you just catch me up. -Fine.
Rachel : Oh, God. You've totally messed with the back support on my chair.
Rachel : -How do you fix this? -You've been here five years.
Gavin : -You figure it out. -Fine, l will.
UNK: All right, fill me in.
UNK: Do you have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.
Chandler : Yeah, but you have to give it back if l get a job.
Chandler : Of course, by that time, ties will be obsolete...
Chandler : ...and we'll all be wearing silver jumpsuits.