UNK: l'm really fine. Don't worry. l'm great with children.
Gavin : Gavin Mitchell. Pleased to meet you.
Joey : Please don't fire my friend. Just let me talk to her.
Director : -Okay, but this is her last chance. -Thank you.
UNK: How about l do something for you?
UNK: Tomorrow, l'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald.
UNK: Listen, Pheebs. l was just talking to the director...
Joey : ...and he was thinking maybe this time you don't hit Drake.
Joey : You just wait on the tables.
UNK: l can't do that. l'm an actor. l have a process.
Joey : You're a masseuse. You have a table with a hole in it.
UNK: Wait, l see what's happening here. You're threatened.
UNK: What?
UNK: l'm so good in the scene that l'm stealing focus from you.
UNK: Rise to the challenge, Tribbiani, because l just raised the bar.
Phoebe : Come join me up here.
UNK: -Okay, great. l will. -Okay, good.
UNK: Yeah, you can fire her, but l would call security. She won't go easy.
Monica : You faked it? You couldn't have faked it.
Chandler : Yes, you can. You just make the faces and the noises.
Monica : Guys can fake it?
UNK: Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours.
Monica : Why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
UNK: Well, that's actually why.
UNK: Look, l'm starting a whole new career now.
UNK: l'm not saying l don't want a baby.
UNK: l'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.
Monica : Like a month?
Chandler : -Or a year? -Really? You wanna wait a year?
UNK: lt could be less than a year. l mean, you've heard my stuff.
Chandler : ''Pants. Like shorts but longer.''
UNK: lt'll probably be more than a year.
UNK: -l really wanna have a baby. -Well, yeah, me too.
UNK: Look, l'll just get my old job back.
UNK: No, l want you to have a job that you love...
Monica : ...not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.
UNK: l quit, and you learn what l do?
UNK: l think there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby.
Monica : Now you're unemployed, and in a little while...
Monica : ...you'll find a new job that'll keep you really busy.
Monica : There's always gonna be a reason not to do this...
UNK: ...but l think once the baby comes, we'll forget about all those reasons.
UNK: l guess.
UNK: l mean, it's always gonna be scary when we have a baby.
UNK: lt's gonna be really scary.
UNK: l mean, God, when we have a baby...
Monica : ...there's gonna be so much that we're not able to control.
UNK: l mean, the apartment's gonna be a mess.
UNK: l won't have time to clean it.
Monica : What if the baby gets into the ribbon drawer...
UNK: ...and messes up all the ribbons?
Monica : What if there's no room for a ribbon drawer...
Monica : ...because the baby's stuff takes up all the space?
Monica : Where will all the ribbons go?
Chandler : Should we go make a baby before you change your mind?
Monica : -Yes, please! -Okay.
UNK: And l promise l will not fake it this time.
UNK: Well, l wish l could say the same. l'm a little shook up.
UNK: l know you botched that operation on purpose.
UNK: l can't prove it yet, but when l do, you'll be going to jail for murder.
UNK: l don't care if you are my brother.
UNK: l'm not your brother.
UNK: Phoebe/waitress : What about my children, Drake?
Phoebe : No! No! No!
UNK: God!