Interviewer : So do you have any other questions about advertising?
UNK: No. But let me show you what l can do.
UNK: ''Bagels and doughnuts.
Chandler : Round food for every mood.''
Interviewer : Monica warned me you might do that.
UNK: l think we might have something for you at the agency.
Chandler : -Really? That's great. -lt's an unpaid internship.
UNK: That's funny. When you said ''unpaid,'' it sounded like you said ''unpaid.''
UNK: lt won't be forever. lt just takes a year or two to get good portfolio together.
UNK: Well, l can skip a couple of steps, right? l mean, you did hear my round food thing.
UNK: You're changing careers. No matter what you do, you'll have to start at the bottom.
UNK: lt's gonna be years before you're making anything near as much as you were before.
UNK: So you're paying the check, right?
Interviewer : Come on, now. Monica has a good job. lt's not like you have a family to support.
UNK: Actually, we're trying. l don't think Monica is gonna want to postpone it.
Chandler : We're supposed to have sex tonight.
Chandler : Actually, she's probably at home, naked right now.
UNK: l tend to keep talking till somebody stops me.
UNK: -l can just picture her on the bed. -Stop!
UNK: Wait. What do you mean you're taking over my job?
Gavin : While you were on your baby vacation, l was doing your job.
Rachel : A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve...
Rachel : ...something sucking on my nipples until they are raw.
Gavin : Clearly, you've never been to Sandals Paradise lsland.
UNK: All right. Don't get too comfortable there, because l'm back in two weeks.
UNK: l want everything back the way it was.
UNK: l can't say l care too much for the way you've rearranged my office.
UNK: l can't say l care too much for that smell you've brought in.
Rachel : -Excuse me? -Rach, we have a code brown situation.
UNK: Honey, could you please take care of it for me?
UNK: All right, but you're gonna have to do one sometime.
Rachel : Let me just get this straight.
UNK: So l go have a baby, and they send some guy in to do my job?
Gavin : Well, there was talk of shutting down Ralph Lauren altogether.
UNK: Okay. Right. You're very cheeky for a temp.
UNK: l'm not a temp. l was transferred here from another department.
UNK: And what department was that? The jerk department?
Gavin : They didn't tell me about your quick wit.
UNK: Well, did they mention that l'm rubber and you're glue?
UNK: Mr. Zelner : -Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas. -Hi, Mr. Zelner.
UNK: Rachel. l see you've met Gavin.
UNK: Mr. Zelner : When you left us, we weren't sure what we were gonna do.
UNK: Mr. Zelner : But then, Gavin to the rescue. Super Gavin.
UNK: Well, that's great.
Rachel : So now, Super Gavin, when l come back...
UNK: ...where do you plan on flying off to?
Gavin : That's up to Mr. Zelner. l'm sure he'll make the right decision.
Rachel : Super ass-kissing power.
UNK: lncidentally, when are you coming back?
UNK: Today.
Gavin : -You said two weeks. -No, l said today.
Rachel : See, for a superhero, not so much with the listening.
UNK: l'm sorry. Rachel, we should probably go.
UNK: l ran out of diapers, and l had to use your sweater.
UNK: -l didn't bring a sweater. -Then, we should really go.
UNK: So, what'd he say?
UNK: He can be a little rough around the edges...
UNK: ...so l'm gonna replace a word he used a lot with the word ''puppy.''
UNK: So he said, ''lf your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together...
UNK: ...l am gonna fire her mother-puppy ass.''
UNK: l'm sorry. l can't do this. l'm just not an actor.
Joey : That's right. You're not. You're a nurse.
Joey : -You're Nurse With Tray. -No, Joey--
Joey : Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey. She has no time for friends.
Joey : She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor...
Joey : ...because if she doesn't, people die.
Phoebe : Who dies?
Joey : Man With Eye Patch!
UNK: Now, you get in there, and you do your job.
Phoebe : Yes, doctor.