UNK: He told me he was dying.
Beckett : What else did he tell you?
UNK: Isn't that enough?
UNK: I don't get it. Raglan was retired by the time you came on the job.
UNK: What'd he want with you?
Beckett : Raglan was helping me with a cold case that I was working on,
UNK: and I believe he was killed to keep him quiet.
Beckett : Look, Raglan seemed to think
UNK: that the case had something to do with something he did 19 years ago.
Beckett : What was he into back then?
Beckett : What was he into?
UNK: John Raglan was no angel,
UNK: and New York was a different city back then,
UNK: and I'm here to tell you kid gloves didn't get it done out there.
UNK: You police a damn theme park.
UNK: You're looking to start some half-assed truth commission,
UNK: you can count me out.
Beckett : I'm not trying to tarnish Raglan's memory.
Beckett : I'm trying to find his murderer.
UNK: I told him not to get involved with that guy.
Beckett : With who?
Castle : Vulcan Simmons.
Castle : Vulcan Simmons?
Beckett : He runs half the drug trade in New York.
UNK: Raglan liked to play the ponies.
UNK: Nineteen, 20 years ago
UNK: would be about the time he had a string of bad luck
UNK: and he was hard up for money.
Castle : And then he wasn't.
Castle : And then he wasn't.
UNK: Word was he got well working as a dope courier for Simmons.
UNK: Moving product across town in his patrol car.
UNK: Now, Raglan worked Homicide for four years.
UNK: And I know Simmons put people in the ground.
UNK: If it were my case,
UNK: I'd take a hard look at Vulcan Simmons.
Beckett : Assault, attempted murder, extortion, possession with intent,
Beckett : witness intimidation.
UNK: And then it looks like it just dries up.
Beckett : Nobody's booked him in years.
Castle : So what does that mean? He found religion?
Esposito : Means he got smart. Swimming in deeper waters.
Ryan : Guess he's come a long way since Washington Heights.
Beckett : Wait, what? You said Washington Heights?
Ryan : Back in the day, Simmons used to run the drug trade in Washington Heights.
Beckett : My mom and a group of her colleagues,
Beckett : they put together this campaign called Take Back The Neighborhood.
Beckett : They were trying to get drug dealers off the streets
Ryan : in Washington Heights.
Ryan : With Simmons running all the dope in that neighborhood,
UNK: that campaign would've cost him.
UNK: That hitman, Coonan, we know that he was into dope.
Ryan : Maybe that's how Simmons got in contact with him.
Castle : So Simmons hires Coonan to kill them all,
Castle : including your mother,
Castle : and pays his old friend Raglan
Castle : to write off their homicides as random gang violence.
UNK: There would've been no way to trace the murders back to him.
Beckett : Until Raglan threatens to reveal his role in the conspiracy,
Beckett : and Simmons has him silenced.
Esposito : We'll have him in the box before lunch.
UNK: You'd have been about 16,
UNK: Vulcan Simmons : wrestling some pimply kid in the back of his daddy's wagon,
UNK: wondering if you were gonna give it to him or not.
Castle : Hey, that's enough!
Simmons : He's sweet on you.
Simmons : Makes him brave.
Beckett : What was your association with Detective John Raglan?
Simmons : Raglan. Raglan, Raglan, Raglan.
Simmons : Thirsty cop, right?
Simmons : Couldn't pick a winner to save his life.
Simmons : Well, Detective, our association, as you put it,
Simmons : exceeded the statute of limitations many moons ago.
UNK: There's no statute of limitations on murder, Mr. Simmons.
Simmons : And here begins what is known as the initial confrontation.
Simmons : During this phase of the interrogation,
Simmons : the interrogator may invade the suspect's personal space
Simmons : in order to increase his discomfort.
Simmons : You want to invade my personal space?
Beckett : Look at me.
Raglan : Twelve years ago, Johanna Beckett led a big
Beckett : Take Back The Neighborhood campaign in Washington Heights.
Castle : That must have pissed you off.
Simmons : And this would be theme development.
Simmons : Presenting the crime through the eyes of the suspect.
Beckett : Johanna Beckett was murdered along with two of her colleagues.
Beckett : They were professional hits carried out on your orders.
Beckett : And you had your pet homicide detective John Raglan bury them.
Beckett : Look at her face.
Beckett : Tell me you don't remember her.
Simmons : You know, Detective Beckett,
Simmons : I think I do remember her.
Simmons : Bled out in an alley like the trash she was.
UNK: Mr. Simmons, you better watch it.
UNK: Rich bitch from uptown on safari in the Heights.
UNK: Somebody should've warned her not to feed or tease the animals.
UNK: You...
Simmons : If they had, she might not have gotten eaten.
Simmons : From what I hear, though,
Simmons : she was pretty tasty.
Castle : Whoa, Beckett!
Beckett : Back off, Castle!
Beckett : Remember your old life, Vulcan. Savor it.
UNK: Because I'm gonna take it all away.
Esposito : - Stand down. - Beckett, that's enough.
Esposito : Stand down!