Montgomery : It says
UNK: Armen was working undercover inside the mafia.
UNK: Somehow, the mob got on to Armen and used the old family remedy.
Beckett : Summary execution.
UNK: The NYPD arrested a mob enforcer in Armen's murder.
Ca : A guy by the name of Joe Pulgatti.
UNK: He later pled guilty.
Ca : And guess who the arresting officer was.
Beckett : Officer John Raglan.
Castle : Your mother was a civil rights attorney.
UNK: Did she ever mention Armen's murder or Pulgatti's conviction?
UNK: No, but there's got to be a connection somewhere.
Castle : I bet Pulgatti could shed some light on it.
UNK: Then why'd you plead guilty?
Pulgatti : 'Cause I don't like needles.
Beckett : Detective Raglan places you
Castle : in the alley at the time of the murder.
Pulgatti : Yeah, I was in that alley with Bobby.
Pulgatti : I was the only witness to his murder. But it wasn't a hit.
Pulgatti : It was a kidnapping that went sideways.
Pulgatti : Three guys in ski masks rolled up in a van.
Pulgatti : Said they wanted to take me on a tour of the city.
Pulgatti : Bobby tried to stop them.
UNK: He went for one of their guns and wound up on the wrong end of it.
UNK: Were the guys from a rival family?
Pulgatti : No. No way.
Pulgatti : We had a truce going back then,
Pulgatti : because there was this ghost crew out there,
Pulgatti : professional kidnappers targeting members of all five families.
Pulgatti : Look, I was in that alley with Bobby.
UNK: But no one else could've known that.
Pulgatti : It was a blind alley.
Pulgatti : And the only other people in it when Bobby was shot
Pulgatti : were the people who shot him.
Pulgatti : So you tell me, Detective,
Pulgatti : how could Raglan have known I was there?
Castle : You're saying Raglan was one of the kidnappers?
Beckett : There was a lawyer named Johanna Beckett.
Beckett : Are you familiar with her?
Beckett : She was murdered in the alley
Beckett : about seven years into your incarceration.
Pulgatti : You look just like her, you know.
UNK: You first walked in here,
Pulgatti : it was like I was looking at a ghost.
Pulgatti : The way she talked about you, I should've known you'd become a cop.
Pulgatti : I sent letters to every lawyer I could find,
Pulgatti : and your mother was the only one who wrote me back.
Pulgatti : The only one willing to take a chance on me.
Pulgatti : She didn't care that I was a thug.
Beckett : All she cared about was the truth.
UNK: Yeah, she came to visit me here, she said she'd look into my case.
Pulgatti : Later I found out she was murdered.
Pulgatti : Don't get yourself killed chasing this thing.
Pulgatti : Take it from me, there's nothing more dangerous out there
Pulgatti : than a killer with a badge.
Montgomery : We'll talk about the definition of "a direct order" later.
Beckett : Right now, I just want to hear what you found.
UNK: Okay, here's what we know so far.
Raglan : Nineteen years ago, Raglan and at least two other cops
Beckett : were kidnapping mobsters for ransom.
UNK: Things went south when they tried to snatch Joe Pulgatti.
Castle : They mistakenly killed an undercover Fed named Bob Armen.
Castle : To cover their asses,
UNK: they pinned Armen's murder on Pulgatti.
Beckett : And then, seven years later, my mom and a group of her colleagues
Beckett : tried to put together an appeal for Pulgatti.
Beckett : Now the cops knew that if the case got overturned,
Beckett : they would all be exposed.
Beckett : So they hired Dick Coonan to kill all of them.
Montgomery : And Raglan wrote off their homicides as random gang violence.
UNK: And that would've been the end of it,
Castle : but Raglan found out he was dying,
UNK: decided he wanted to come clean.
Castle : So they had to silence him, too.
Beckett : Pulgatti said that there were three kidnappers in that van.
Beckett : That means there's at least two conspirators out there now.
Ryan : And we already know who one of them is.
Ryan : Raglan's old Academy buddy, Gary McCallister.
Montgomery : How do you know that?
Esposito : I pulled the dispatcher's log from the archives.
Esposito : There was another unit backing Raglan when he arrested Pulgatti.
UNK: A one-man patrol unit,
Esposito : Officer Gary McCallister.
UNK: Get that son of a bitch.
Beckett : Vulcan Simmons had nothing to do with this.
Beckett : But as a former cop, you knew that he fit the part,
Beckett : and so you used him to throw us off.
Beckett : When the truth is that you and Raglan
Beckett : were up to your necks in murder and kidnappings.
UNK: Listen, it's easy for you to sit in judgment now,
UNK: but you weren't there.
UNK: We did what we thought we had to do.
UNK: And you did plenty.
UNK: Kidnapping,
UNK: cover-ups.
Beckett : You killed a Fed and then you pinned it on Pulgatti.
UNK: You want me to tell you about Joe Pulgatti?
UNK: About the people he put in the hospital?
UNK: The ones he put in the river?
UNK: He and the rest of those jackals fed on this city for decades.
UNK: But you couldn't touch them because they bought everybody.
UNK: And this part, this part I want you to know,
UNK: 'cause this part I'm not ashamed of,
UNK: 'cause at least we tried to do something.
UNK: It wasn't pretty and it wasn't legal, but it was right.
UNK: Kidnapping people for a ransom was right?
UNK: We called it incarceration.
UNK: Yeah. We'd grab them off the street
UNK: and we'd take them somewhere and we'd tune them up.
UNK: We put the fear of God into them,
UNK: at least for a while.
UNK: But we knew we couldn't hold them forever.
UNK: So we set bail.
UNK: And I'm here to tell you that we set it high.
UNK: If those bastards wanted back on the street,
UNK: they were going to have to pay for their way.
Beckett : When my mom put together that appeal for Pulgatti,
Beckett : you got worried that she'd get on to you.
UNK: And so you hired Dick Coonan to kill her.
UNK: No.
Castle : And then when Raglan grew a conscience, you had him killed, too.
UNK: No, I didn't have anything to do with that.
Ryan : That was...
UNK: That was somebody else.
Raglan : - Who? - Somebody you'll never touch.
UNK: Who?
UNK: You don't understand, Detective.
UNK: You woke the dragon.
UNK: And this is so much bigger than you realize.
UNK: And I'm done talking. I want a lawyer.
Beckett : We've got to find that shooter.
UNK: I think we got a lead on him.
Esposito : According to Rodrick, a woman named Jolene bought those capsules
UNK: that we found in Lockwood's corporate suite.
Castle : - Girlfriend? Probably.
Ryan : All we got is, blonde, 30s, lives in Brooklyn.
Ryan : So we fed her descriptors in the DMV database,
Ryan : got it narrowed down to two women.
Ryan : Jolene Granger,
Ryan : and Jolene Anders.
Beckett : You guys take Jolene Anders, we'll take Granger.
Beckett : You call me when you get her.
Esposito : Roger that.