UNK: They found they contain a highly concentrated form
UNK: of an anti-anxiety drug called Prazepam.
Esposito : That fits.
Esposito : A good sniper fires between heartbeats.
UNK: Back in Special Forces, some of the guys would use
UNK: anti-anxiety meds to slow down their heart rate.
Esposito : Gives them more time to shoot.
Ryan : These didn't come from any commercial lab.
UNK: They were hand-ground by someone on the street.
Ryan : Someone very good with chemicals.
Esposito : Someone like Vulcan Simmons.
Ryan : I thought the same thing, but check this out.
Ryan : Dealers sometimes use symbols like these
UNK: to mark their products.
Ryan : These symbols don't belong to Simmons.
Ryan : They're the brand of a street pharmacist in SoHo
Ryan : named Chad Rodrick.
Esposito : You must be one lucky guy.
Esposito : You've been arrested for possession of pseudoephedrine,
Esposito : possession of forged triplicate prescriptions,
Esposito : and the manufacture of a controlled substance,
Esposito : but never convicted.
UNK: Chad Rodrick : Those were all misunderstandings. I'm just a college student,
UNK: Chad Rodrick : with my father's lawyer on speed dial.
Ryan : You know why you're here?
Chad : No, but I'm going to guess it has something to do with class resentment.
Chad : I bet it's a special treat for you to interrogate above your station.
Ryan : You're here because you sold these
Beckett : to him.
Ryan : But we're not dope cops, Chad.
Ryan : So these, we don't care about.
UNK: Him,
Ryan : we want.
Chad : I'm afraid I can't help you.
Chad : You guys can't arrest me. You don't have proof of anything.
Ryan : We're not going to arrest you, Chad.
Ryan : We're just going to detain you for a while in lockup.
Esposito : We've got a parolee in there.
UNK: Sex offender, 6' 1 ",
UNK: couple bills and change.
Esposito : They call him Peppermint.
Esposito : And he'd just love to meet a handsome, young man of your station.
Ryan : We know you sold custom-blend Prazepam,
Ryan : which is a controlled substance.
Ryan : But we're running a special today.
Ryan : All we want to know is where we can find him.
UNK: Or you can go to lockup,
Esposito : and meet your new friend.
UNK: Listen,
Chad : I sold those two weeks ago, but not to him.
Chad : I've never seen this guy before in my life.
UNK: Who bought the pills?
Chad : Jolene, she's one of my regulars.
Ryan : Tell me about her.
UNK: Blonde, 30s.
Chad : I think she lives somewhere in Brooklyn.
Esposito : - Last name? - I don't know.
Chad : She just shows up when she wants something.
Chad : I swear. I don't even know how to get a hold of her.
UNK: You talk to Montgomery?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Castle, there's something I need you to do.
Castle : Name it.
Montgomery : Go home.
Castle : Forget it.
Castle : Fear does not exist in this dojo.
Beckett : Look, I signed up for this when I put that badge on.
Beckett : You didn't. It's not your fight.
Castle : The hell it isn't.
Castle : I don't hang around you just to annoy you.
UNK: I don't ride out to murder scenes in the middle of the night
Castle : to satisfy some morbid curiosity.
Castle : If that's all this was, I would've quit a long time ago.
UNK: Well, then, why do you keep coming back, Rick?
Castle : Look, I may not have a badge,
Castle : unless you count the chocolate one Alexis gave me for my birthday.
Castle : But I'll tell you this, like it or not,
Castle : I'm your plucky sidekick.
Beckett : Plucky sidekick always gets killed.
Castle : Partner, then.
UNK: Okay. What'd you find?
Castle : You remember what Raglan said back at the coffee shop
UNK: - about this thing going back 19 years? - Uh-huh.
Castle : Turns out, before your mother,
Castle : there was another murder in this alley
Castle : back when it was the back entrance to a club called Sons of Palermo.
UNK: It was a mafia hangout.
Beckett : I didn't know this was a club.
Castle : It got shut down years before your mom was killed.
Castle : After an FBI agent by the name of Bob Armen
Castle : was killed in the alley behind it.