Simmons : You want some, too? Come on.
Castle : That's enough!
UNK: I might have to kick that son of a bitch loose now, you realize that?
Beckett : Sir, you heard him. He as much as confessed to the murder.
UNK: Come on. He's playing you.
Montgomery : And you let him get under your skin, acting like a damn rookie.
Montgomery : We've got nothing to tie him to Raglan's murder or your mother's.
Montgomery : You're off this case.
Beckett : No, sir, you can't do that. Not now.
Montgomery : - I just did. - No.
Montgomery : I just did!
Montgomery : Now you go home.
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Kate!
Montgomery : You, too, Castle. Clear out.
Castle : What did I do?
Montgomery : I don't need you playing Nancy Drew on this.
Montgomery : As of this moment, you two are running point on Raglan's homicide.
UNK: Uh...
Esposito : Captain, my partner and I don't wish to be insubordinate.
UNK: But we respectfully decline the assignment.
Montgomery : What does it say on my badge?
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : - Captain. - Now, read the fine print.
Montgomery : It says get your ass out there and solve Raglan's murder
Montgomery : before I bust you both back down to Traffic.
Beckett : - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
UNK: You want to help her? Find that shooter.
Montgomery : Solve the damn case.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : What if it had been you?
Castle : I didn't know you were home.
Martha : I heard about the shooting on the news.
Martha : It could have been you. You know that, don't you?
Castle : Yeah, but I'm fine. It wasn't me.
Martha : Richard, this isn't one of your books.
Martha : You don't know the ending. You were just lucky yesterday.
Castle : You're overreacting, Mother. Where is this coming from?
Martha : How the hell can you ask me something like that?
Martha : Think about how much you love Alexis and that is how much I love you.
Martha : And don't you dare ask me where this is coming from.
Martha : You have gotten through most of your life
Martha : on your wit and charm and no small amount of talent,
Martha : but that is the real world out there,
Martha : and you can't charm your way out of a bullet.
Castle : You think I should quit?
Martha : I think you should be honest with yourself about why you're doing this.
UNK: You have written 22 novels before you met her,
Martha : and you didn't need to spend every day in a police station
Martha : in order to finish them.
Castle : It's not about the books anymore.
Esposito : So you think Simmons hired the sniper?
UNK: We find the sniper, we can ask him.
UNK: I figured he had to disassemble his rifle, right?
Ryan : Break his weapon down to a less conspicuous shape
Ryan : in order to get it through the lobby, something fit inside of a briefcase.
Esposito : Everyone in that lobby is carrying a damn briefcase.
Ryan : You should be a detective.
Ryan : We can't come up empty on this one.
Esposito : I know, bro.
Ryan : Oh! That wasn't an accident.
Esposito : He just lifted her key card.
Esposito : So much for the card telling us who the sniper was.
Ryan : Wait a minute. He's not wearing gloves.
Esposito : So what? He didn't touch any printable surfaces.
Ryan : He touched her.
Ryan : We can print a dead body, right?
Ryan : So why can't we print a live one?
Esposito : She's probably showered by now.
Ryan : Not necessarily. It's Saturday. It's barely afternoon. Come on.