UNK: Cover your ears!
UNK: Esposito?
UNK: Esposito!
UNK: So, what do you got?
Montgomery : Lockwood must have grabbed them.
Montgomery : Only thing we've recovered so far are the cell phones.
Beckett : He dumped both of their phones so we can't GPS track them.
Castle : We couldn't find Jolene's cell phone, either.
UNK: Lockwood must've gotten rid of it.
Beckett : Because her phone was a link to him. She'd call him on it.
Castle : There's got to be a cell phone bill around here somewhere.
UNK: I want to congratulate you both.
UNK: Hal Lockwood : I don't know how you found my place.
UNK: Hal Lockwood : But I've been doing this kind of work for a while now,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : and no one's ever come that close to me.
UNK: Hal Lockwood : My problem is that
UNK: Hal Lockwood : your investigation has gone further than I expected.
UNK: Hal Lockwood : And now in order for me to finish my job,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : I need to know exactly
UNK: Hal Lockwood : what you know about me and my employer.
UNK: Now,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : I've got a lot of respect for you guys.
Beckett : What? I do.
UNK: Now, I'm going to make you a deal.
UNK: Hal Lockwood : You tell me what I need to know,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : one pro to another,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : and I will put a bullet in your brain.
Raglan : You don't,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : you jerk me around,
UNK: Hal Lockwood : and you will be begging me to before this night is up.
UNK: I'm going to have to go with option B.
Ryan : Oh, yeah.
UNK: We're definitely going to jerk you around.
Castle : What's her account number?
UNK: 5892-639-1199.
UNK: All right, if we can figure out her mother's maiden name,
Castle : they'll email us the password.
Beckett : I need everything you can get on Jolene Granger,
Beckett : specifically her mother's maiden name.
Ryan : Listen, ass clown,
Ryan : I was in Catholic school for 12 years.
Ryan : Hell, they used to do this to me for talking in class.
Esposito : You're dead, Lockwood.
Lockwood : Yeah, you know, they always start off with bravado.
Lockwood : The begging comes later. See, this is ice cold water.
Lockwood : It'll burn like hell when it hits his lungs,
UNK: but he won't lose consciousness right away.
Lockwood : But all this stops when you tell me how much the cops know!
Castle : Lockwood would have been one of the last numbers she called.
UNK: Got it. 917-555-0176.
Beckett : - I need a GPS... - Castle, you've done it again.
UNK: That guy's going to spot a SWAT team from a block away,
Beckett : warn Lockwood.
Beckett : We call in the cavalry and they're both dead.
Beckett : I'm open to dumb ideas here.
Castle : Good 'cause I got one.
Beckett : He's not buying it, Castle.