UNK: Castle?
UNK: One Lincoln 40.
Beckett : Please be advised this is now a homicide.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Retired NYPD cop gunned down in front of one of my people.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Which means I'm gonna have to do a damn press conference.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Tell me you didn't come down here without backup.
Beckett : - Sir, I... - We were backing her, Captain.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Yeah, we were just down the block when it happened.
UNK: Yeah. Uh-huh.
Montgomery : The hell am I gonna do with you?
UNK: You're going to let me work this case.
UNK: You're too close to it. It's all over your face.
UNK: You're thinking, "What was Raglan gonna tell me before he died?"
Montgomery : when you should be thinking how you're gonna catch the guy that killed him.
Beckett : Sir, Raglan was killed because he was gonna tell me something
Beckett : about my mother's case.
Beckett : Nobody knows it better than I do.
Montgomery : Yeah, but I know you.
UNK: You're gonna pick up those scissors, run around the house with them.
Montgomery : But I'm telling you now, walk don't run.
Montgomery : Go where the evidence leads, not the other way around.
Montgomery : - Do you read me? - Yes, sir.
Beckett : Loud and clear.
UNK: Crime Scene Tech : Found a bullet embedded in the booth,.338 Magnum.
UNK: Crime Scene Tech : Fairly exotic, anti-personnel round.
Beckett : Can you show me the trajectory?
UNK: Crime Scene Tech : Yeah, it's right over here.
UNK: All right, I make the building across the street, 4th floor.
UNK: Esposito?
Esposito : Yeah, I'll lock it down.
UNK: Somebody had to have seen something in there.
Beckett : Ryan, I am betting that Raglan's murderer followed him here.
Beckett : Can you check with his neighbors,
Beckett : see if anyone was hanging around his place this morning?
Ryan : - You got it. - Thanks.
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : You good?
Castle : Yeah, I think I got it all off my hands.
Beckett : It's different when it happens right in front of you.
UNK: You're close enough to watch the lights go out.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : When I saw the blood on your shirt, I thought you'd been shot.
UNK: Uh, I'm gonna go to the 12th.
UNK: How about I drop you off at your place?
Castle : Not a chance.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Yo, so I checked out the 4th floor.
Esposito : There's no prints, no casings, no witnesses.
Esposito : But the good news is, it's a secure building.
Esposito : The only way in or out is through the lobby.
UNK: And nobody gets through the lobby turnstiles without a key card.
Castle : So our shooter had a card.
UNK: Yeah, they're sending over a list of all their employees.
UNK: They're also downloading surveillance video from the lobby.
UNK: Hey, so, I talked to the neighbors.
Ryan : Raglan was a widower. No next of kin that I could find.
Ryan : Super said he didn't really even have visitors,
Ryan : except every once in a while
Ryan : his buddy'd come over to watch a Yankee game.
Ryan : Gary McCallister. Raglan's old Academy classmate.
UNK: Get a hold of McCallister, see if he'll come in.
Beckett : I wanna talk to him.
Ryan : You got it.
Raglan : Nineteen years ago.
Castle : What's that?
UNK: Raglan started telling us about something that happened 19 years ago.
UNK: My mom's murder was 12 years ago. It's not making any sense.
UNK: You know, I sacrificed my best years and worst marriages
UNK: to this damn city.
UNK: You'd think that would be enough, but it never is.
UNK: It had to gobble up my best friend, too.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw John Raglan?
UNK: A week ago.