UNK: Oh, you were adorable.
UNK: Did your mom take these?
Beckett : Yeah, about three weeks before she died.
UNK: Oh, I don't get to see you in action?
Beckett : Trust me, Castle, it was not pretty.
Castle : Now I have to see it.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: What?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: There's 24 exposures on this roll, but there's only 20 pictures.
Beckett : What is it?
UNK: I don't know. An empty street?
Beckett : Castle, this is where my mom was murdered.
Beckett : I don't understand.
Beckett : These pictures were developed a week before she was killed.
Castle : Why would she be taking photos of that alley?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: I always thought it was just a convenient place for the killer to attack.
Beckett : I mean, it was dark, it was secluded...
UNK: But what if there was more to it than that?
Castle : What if she was looking into something that happened in that alley
Castle : when they killed her?
Beckett : Well, I'd have to go into the old archives and reports,
Beckett : and Captain Montgomery won't let me back in the precinct right now.
Castle : I'll go.
UNK: Hal Lockwood. Male, white, 32.
Ryan : Record's clean.
Ryan : According to this, Lockwood's never had so much as a traffic citation.
Ryan : Credit history only goes back about two years.
UNK: Got to be a cover ID.
UNK: Ha! His credit card's active.
UNK: Shows Lockwood's checked into
Ryan : a corporate suite in Midtown right now.
UNK: NYPD! NYPD!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: Clear!
Ryan : Looks like we just missed him.
Esposito : Yo, look at this.
Esposito : He's been watching her.
Montgomery : Ryan and Esposito
Montgomery : traced your sniper to a corporate suite in midtown.
Montgomery : He's been on you since Raglan's murder.
Montgomery : This isn't just a kook with a deer rifle
Montgomery : This guy's a professional. Highly-trained and well-funded.
UNK: May be part of a team.
UNK: Sir, we've got to let Castle know.
UNK: He does. He's back at the 12th.
Montgomery : I caught him in the men's room poking through some old reports.