Addison : Oh, good. Here you are.
Addison : Mom and Dad are anxious for an update. Dr. Yang?
Cristina : We've done the initial surgery on Julie's omphalocele.
Cristina : A primary closure was attempted but there was pulmonary compromise
Cristina : - so we couldn't continue... - Yang, do this in plain English.
UNK: Oh, we operated on Julie's external sac of organs.
Cristina : We pushed in as much of the bowel as we could
Cristina : and we think we can push in the rest with a second operation.
Dorie : - She has to have a second operation? - Yeah.
Cristina : - Uh... Well, not for a few days. - Dr. O'Malley?
UNK: We put in Lucy's brain shunt yesterday and she's doing very well.
UNK: We have to keep monitoring to make sure the spinal fluid doesn't back up.
UNK: - Stevens? - Dr. Burke used a catheter
Izzie : to open Emily's atrial septum last night.
UNK: Today, we'll try to reconstruct the left chamber of her heart.
Izzie : - We're very hopeful. - Dr. Grey?
Meredith : Charlotte's lungs were less developed than the others',
Meredith : so we put a special mask on her to help her breathe
Meredith : and we're monitoring her closely.
Addison : - That just leaves Kate. - She seems to be pretty healthy.
UNK: No major issues identified,
UNK: but we'll keep her in the Isolette until she reaches four pounds.
Tom : You hear that, honey? Kate's doing really well.
Dorie : I'll be in my room.
Tom : - Dr. Shepherd? - Tom, she's just had five babies.
Addison : Her hormones are all over the place. Give her time. She'll come around.
UNK: Grey, watch the mother. Make sure her hormones don't get the best of her.
UNK: - I can look out for Dorie. - No, you have Emily's heart surgery.
UNK: - But I have a relationship with Dorie. - Why are you arguing?
UNK: - Why am I being pushed off... - Hey, Stevens.
UNK: I don't know what you're angry about, but I don't care. Keep it to yourself.
UNK: On top of every other patient under our care, we have quints to worry about.
UNK: These are preemies. They should have spent another eight weeks in the womb.
Bailey : Like interns...
Bailey : ...they're not ready for the real world.
Bailey : Oh, it's the pit. Yang, come with me.
Jill : Constance Ferguson, 40, inmate at Henderson, swallowed a razor blade.
Cristina : - Attempted suicide? - Attempted field trip. Worked too.
Bailey : All right.
UNK: Cristina to Dr. Bailey : - Field trip? - Says on her chart she was in solitary.
Bailey : - This is her way out. - Oh, is she crazy?
UNK: Only if you'd call a murderer crazy.
Constance : Yeah, baby, that's what I'm talking about!
Bailey : Ms. Ferguson, are you experiencing any discomfort?
Constance : You mean apart from these snazzy handcuffs you got pinching my wrists?
UNK: Bailey gives Cristina a look : Did you at least put tape on the blade?
Constance : - I'm not an idiot. - You swallowed a razor blade.
UNK: - Not going to tell me what hurts? - And shorten my vacation?
UNK: You're standing around. Why not get me some chocolate pudding?
Constance : Make the blade go down smoother.
UNK: Get an X-ray. Portable. With prisoners we have to minimize flight risk.
UNK: I'm supposed to check on Julie. You said we're to keep a close eye on the quints.
UNK: Julie's my quint too. I got that covered. You do this.
Cristina : - Are you sure you can't do it? - I can. I choose not to.
Constance : Come on, baby, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Constance : I only murdered three people and none of them were doctors.
UNK: Izzie disdain in her voice : - Olivia. - Dr. O'Malley.
George : - How are the leeches doing? - They're not. Can't get them to bite.
UNK: With all this blood? Should be a no-brainer for a leech.