Dorie : What exactly is it that we're doing?
Meredith : We're visiting.
UNK: We've thrown all this medical talk at you
UNK: and outlined worst-case scenarios, which has probably scared you half to death.
UNK: The one thing we haven't done is given you a chance to be with your daughters.
UNK: Well, how is that going to help?
UNK: If I've learned anything, these past few days, it's that I need to face reality.
Meredith : Here's Kate. You can reach in and touch her if you like.
Dorie : I would like to very much.
Nurse : Charlotte's not breathing.
UNK: Page Addison. She's in the OR.
Addison : We didn't see this on the echo.
Burke : You can never get an exact measurement.
UNK: Izzie angry : What?
UNK: Burke sighs : The baby's aorta is narrower than we thought.
UNK: Burke sighs : Diameter is only a millimeter.
UNK: Burke sighs : - Just not getting enough blood flow. - Damn.
UNK: Burke to Addison : I wanted you to see, before I close up.
Izzie : You didn't do anything.
Addison : - Dr. Stevens. - We barely started.
UNK: Dr. Burke has done all he can for now, so unless you know how to do a Norwood,
Addison : he's gonna close this baby's chest.
Burke : - You OK? - I'm fine. May I go?
George : Yes.
Addison : - What happened? - She had an apneic episode.
Meredith : She's still not breathing on her own.
UNK: Intubate and give surfactant.
UNK: Push 0.1 of atropine and three milligrams of ketamine.
Nurse : - Meds are in. - Tube.
UNK: OK. Place the CO2 detector.
UNK: - She was fine with the chest tube. - That's the thing with RDS cases.
UNK: Just when you think the baby's getting better, they slip right back.
Addison : Breath sounds equal. Good.
Meredith : Mrs. Russell.
Izzie : Unbelievable. Who would do this to themselves?
Bailey : The woman wasn't just in prison, Yang, she was in solitary.
UNK: Well, she was seriously deranged.
Bailey : You try spending a month locked in a room with no windows,
UNK: no one to talk to for 23 hours a day.
Bailey : See how deranged she is then.
Cristina : - Dr. Bailey, she's a murderer. - I didn't say she wasn't.
UNK: One, two, three.
UNK: I said, try having no one to make your snarky comments to for a solid month.
Bailey : My guess is you'd swallow the entire razor.
George : - How are they treating you, Mr Murphy? - I've done worse for company.