UNK: So I was thinking, we... I mean, me and you, could maybe
UNK: go to Joe's later to talk by ourselves...
UNK: - Why should I move? - You live on a campground.
UNK: It's 40 acres of the most beautiful land in Seattle.
UNK: I didn't give up a Central Park brownstone to live in the forest.
Derek : Our house in the Hamptons had trees.
Addison : - They were The Hamptons. - Why are you pointing?
Meredith : - I'm sorry. What were you saying? - Oh, nothing.
UNK: - Anybody have any food? - You should eat breakfast.
Cristina : God, you sound like Burke.
Cristina : You know, sometimes I think we'd be better off with dogs.
UNK: Preaching to the choir. I'm over men.
George : Real nice.
George : You know, a dog is not a replacement for a human being.
UNK: You better wake her. If Bailey catches her, she's dead.
Alex : Izzie.
Alex : - Izzie. - Damn it.
UNK: Izzie angry : What?
UNK: Cristina to George : Hell hath no fury like a girl whose non-boyfriend screws a nurse.
Izzie : Bitch.
UNK: Cristina nods : I like you bitter and pissed off.
UNK: Cristina nods : You're almost like a normal person now.
UNK: OK, what do we got?
George : Karl Murphy, 52. Multiple skin melanomas.
UNK: Underwent surgery to his nose, ear, and a skin graft to the left index finger.
Bailey : - How's the capillary refill? - Slow, about four seconds.
Bailey : What do you recommend to get that blood moving again?
UNK: At this stage, our best option's probably a biotherapeutic agent.
Karl : What... What is that?
George : - We put leeches on your face. - Leeches? You don't say?
UNK: They secrete blood thinners that break up pooled blood so it can be evacuated.
UNK: It's sort of like a big drain.
Bailey : - If this makes you uncomfortable... - No, no.
UNK: I've been a hiker for 40 years, almost 40 years, yeah.
UNK: Karl interrupts : Mother Nature hasn't come up with anything yet I haven't loved.
UNK: You a big outdoorsman?
Karl : How do you think I got all these melanomas in the first place?
Bailey : Oh, Dr. Shepherd. You're in early.
Bailey : - If you'd like us to come back... - No. Go ahead.
Meredith : Robert Martin, 45, collapsed and hit his head, causing a small hemorrhage.
UNK: Derek he looks pointedly at Alex : That was the problem.
Meredith : Mr. Martin was found to have a Rathke's Cleft cyst on his pituitary,
Meredith : and surgery was postponed when...
Alex : - When I told a nurse... - Olivia.
Alex : When I told a nurse to administer an incorrect dosage of hypertonic saline.
UNK: Dehydrating his brain.
UNK: He still has a chance. He could wake up and be fine.
Addison : - There's a chance. - I know I screwed up.
Alex : - Just put me back on this case, please. - There's not much of a case left.
Derek : You saw to that. You want back on? Be my guest.