UNK: George checks the leech on Mr. Murphy's finger : Oh, they're definitely filling up.
UNK: George checks the leech on Mr. Murphy's finger : Tissue is getting nice and pink.
Karl : Make up with that cute little girlfriend of yours yet?
UNK: Olivia's hardly my girlfriend.
UNK: Karl looks at the giant leech in George's hand : - Is she OK? - She?
UNK: Yeah, Isabella.
UNK: Karl he nods at the leech : This one here on my finger...
UNK: Karl he nods at the leech : that's Darcy.
UNK: Karl he nods at the leech : And that little guy on my nose, named O'Malley.
UNK: Karl he nods at the leech : That's right, I named him after you.
UNK: Karl he nods at the leech : You're the one that got him to bite.
UNK: Isabella is fine. She's just full.
UNK: Oh. Wait, what are you going to with her?
UNK: She's done her job. We don't have any more use for her.
George : - Except as medical waste. - No.
Karl : I'd like to keep her... if I could.
UNK: George to himself : Crazy nature man. You want to take a leech home as a pet? That's fine.
Olivia : You had no right to speak to me that way.
UNK: Yeah? Well, you hurt my friend.
Olivia : I had no idea Alex was seeing Izzie. That's not what you're upset about.
George : You have no idea why I'm upset.
George : Besides, you know what I don't understand is, why Alex?
George : And why again?
UNK: People get Ionely, George.
UNK: Hi, Mr. Russell? It's Meredith Grey calling.
Meredith : I was wondering if there was any chance
Meredith : maybe you could bring your boys by to visit their mom?
Meredith : I think she could use the company.
UNK: Oh, the flu? No, definitely don't bring them.
Meredith : Thank you. You too.
Meredith : You've been lying low.
Alex : Well, nobody's talking to me so it makes it kind of easy, right?
UNK: Meredith pulls up a chair and sits next to him : I'm talking to you.
UNK: Meredith pulls up a chair and sits next to him : In short monosyllabic sentences laced with disdain and contempt.
Alex : So, what, according to girl rules, now you all have to hate me?
Meredith : I don't hate you. If my mother hadn't gotten Alzheimer's, I'd probably be you.
UNK: - Oh, really? - Really.
Meredith : Before she got sick, I mean, I... I'd finished college,
Meredith : but I was partying way too much, staying out way too late to keep a job.
Meredith : At family reunions everybody was embarrassed to talk about me.
Alex : So that's what you think of me?
Meredith : Are you OK?
Alex : - I almost killed a guy yesterday. - Mr. Martin?
UNK: I'm trying to find anything I can to help.
Meredith : OK, well, what are we looking for?
UNK: Uh, anything on central pontine myelinolysis.
Izzie : - Unbelievable. - Izzie.
Meredith : - Izzie, come on. - "Come on?"
UNK: Izzie angry : You're fraternizing with the enemy and you tell me to "come on?"
Meredith : - Alex and I are sort of friends. - Since when?
UNK: Izzie angry : Since when are you and Alex friends?
UNK: Izzie angry : You tell me to cut my losses, and as soon as I turn my back...
UNK: - You're making too big a deal of this. - Right. Of course.
UNK: I'm the unreasonable one. Do what you want. Sleep with him for all I care.
Meredith : Obviously I'm not going to sleep with him.
UNK: Why not? You've slept with everyone else.
Cristina : Your surgery went smoothly. You'll have abdominal pain for a day or two...
Constance : - Just a day or two? - We'll watch until your bowels move.
Cristina : - The average is about 36 hours. - 36?
UNK: Four razor blades and that's all you can give me?
UNK: Come on, sugarplum, I thought we were having fun.
UNK: - Don't leave. - What?
Constance : Just maybe a little conversation?
UNK: They've got me here by myself. I thought I'd have a room mate to talk to.
Izzie : OK.
UNK: Why did you kill three people?
UNK: Constance sarcastic : Start off with a little small talk, why don't you?
UNK: Constance sarcastic : I was high.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : On meth.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : And I had this boyfriend who...
UNK: Constance sarcastic : had this robbery all planned out.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : He said that he would leave me if I didn't help him.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : Things got out of control.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : He was gonna leave me.
UNK: Constance sarcastic : He was all I had.
UNK: I would have been all alone.
Cristina : Clearly, being alone has its benefits.
George : You paged me?
UNK: A leech fell off and I can't get the new one to bite.