House : Paging me during Judge Judy, not the best way to win my affections.
UNK: She had another episode of synesthesia.
UNK: 10 : It set off a psychotic attack.
UNK: And now she ran in there, and must have jammed something in the handles.
UNK: So, you call me?
House : The guy with one good leg and zero leverage?
UNK: 39 : We break that door down, security shows up and her name goes in a file.
House : Luckily, violence is not the last resort.
UNK: Extortion is. So, go ahead. Extort her.
UNK: 10 : If you don't open this door, we're gonna break it down.
UNK: Clever.
House : An appeal to her deep concern for hospital property. Let's see how that works.
UNK: 10 : If you don't open this door, you're going to die.
UNK: Greta [yelling From Inside.] : Go away!
UNK: Well, you seem to be getting to her.
UNK: 39 : She doesn't care if she dies.
House : You think she wants to die?
UNK: 39 : No, but I think she only wants to live under certain circumstances.
UNK: 39 : Open up, or I blab your secret to everyone.
Greta : You don't know anything.
UNK: 39 : I do.
UNK: No!
House : Anybody think that a sedative might...
UNK: I'm trying. Okay!
Cuddy : Who's that?
Cuddy : Who is she?
UNK: 11 : Osama Bin Laden.
Cuddy : Who is she?
UNK: 18 : Is she okay?
Cuddy : She's stable. Who is she?
UNK: 26 : What did House tell you?
Cuddy : That she is on the run from an international crime syndicate.
UNK: 26 : That's what he told us.
Cuddy : House may be your boss, but I'm House's boss.
UNK: You wanna work here, I better be okay with it!
UNK: 2 : Honestly, he didn't tell us anything about who she was or what she...
UNK: 10 : Her name's Greta Cooper.
UNK: 10 : Wants to be an astronaut.
UNK: 10 : Doesn't want NASA to know her brain's getting her ears confused with her eyes.
UNK: 10 : I went through her mail.
Cuddy : You're a virus, House. Now instead of one liability, I've got 20.
House : Apparently only 19. Which number was it?
Cuddy : From now on, everything you do gets charted.
Cuddy : With pen, on paper, in a binder that says,
UNK: "Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital" on the cover.
UNK: Mom!
UNK: If you wanna run something through the labs, I get a copy.
Cuddy : If you do scans, I get a copy.
Cuddy : If you think about doing scans, I get a copy.
House : You know my current thoughts, right? I don't have to put those on paper.
House : Three issues.
House : One, number 10, you're fired.
UNK: 10 : She told you?
House : Well, it had to be someone who went to her home.
House : Number 26 is half asleep. Missed his afternoon nap.
House : Obviously, he doesn't feel guilt.
House : Number 2 is here on a visa, she can't jeopardize.
UNK: 10 : You can't know.
UNK: And that chick's been pointing at you since I walked in.
UNK: Issue two, what causes synesthesia,