UNK: 2 : Are we sure he wasn't joking?
UNK: 2 : Maybe this is just a test.
UNK: 10 : Everything's a joke and everything's a test and he wants us to do it.
UNK: Come on, get up here.
UNK: 26 : Well, I could try, but I pulled a muscle in 1987.
UNK: 2 : I didn't waste two years repeating medical school to be arrested and deported.
UNK: Why'd they make you repeat?
UNK: 10 : Not enough gym credits?
UNK: 2 : According to the state of New Jersey,
UNK: 2 : medical schools in my country suffer from not being from this country.
UNK: 26 : You know, if you get it open, you're gonna have to come down and let me in.
UNK: 10 : Or, you could just wait out here.
UNK: 10 : This is a competition.
UNK: 18 : Change your mind?
UNK: No.
UNK: 18 : Then why are you here? Never intended to quit.
UNK: Then why did you... Intended to get everyone else to quit.
UNK: 24 : Get off the car.
UNK: 18 : I need to clean it. We need to clean it.
UNK: 24 : I stole his keys. We'll take it to a car wash.
UNK: 24 : He's got people breaking into a woman's apartment.
UNK: 24 : Obviously, respecting personal property isn't one of the rules.
UNK: 26 : I told the super I was worried about my niece.
UNK: 26 : She hasn't been answering the telephone.
UNK: 26 : Nice guy. Two daughters in Mount Holyoke.
UNK: 39 : No evidence of clots, and other than elevated red blood cell count,
UNK: the blood work was unremarkable.
UNK: You got a problem with the naked female form?
UNK: 32 : Not at all.
UNK: 13 : Maybe she's just not used to seeing it spooning with the naked dolphin form.
House : That's not a dolphin, it's a porpoise.
House : There is a difference, you know. Salary, for one thing...
UNK: 13 : You want us to give you a minute?
UNK: 13 : High red blood cell count likely means...
UNK: House [stops Just Outside His Office Door Trying To See Chase.] : Carbon monoxide poisoning.
UNK: 39 : There are a lot of different explanations for elevated red blood cells.
UNK: House [squinting, Still Trying To See Chase] : Yeah, well, which one fits best
UNK: House [squinting, Still Trying To See Chase] : with the damaged flue that your competitors found
UNK: House [squinting, Still Trying To See Chase] : in the gas fireplace in Osama's cave?
UNK: 24 : Car's clean.
House : Did you just see a blond guy with a pretentious accent?
UNK: 24 : Can't see an accent.
House : Good point.
House : Can I have my car keys back?
House : Give me the car keys, put the patient in a hyperbaric chamber
House : and no more prime numbers for you.
UNK: 19 : Thank you.
UNK: 6 : The high pressure and oxygen will flush the carbon monoxide from your system.
UNK: 6 : This much oxygen for too long can have some toxic effects, so we'll do this in cycles.
UNK: Can I talk to you a second?