Wilson : You do have residual...
House : Not only do I not have residual feelings,
House : I didn't even have primary feelings.
UNK: You freaked... You lied!
Wilson : Because you knew it meant...
House : It meant nothing!
UNK: I saw him 'cause he was there.
UNK: Did Cameron follow her bashert to the surgery department?
Wilson : I think Chase followed her.
Wilson : She's been a senior attending in the ER the last three weeks.
Wilson : A blonde senior attending, to be accurate.
UNK: And Foreman, is he back in neurology?
Wilson : He's at New York Mercy. He's been there a month.
Wilson : Did you see Foreman?
UNK: No.
UNK: Doctor Chang to OR. Doctor Chang to OR.
Greta : So, I'm cured.
UNK: 6/9 : You're fine for now, but Von Hippel-Lindau is a genetic disease.
UNK: 6/9 : There's no cure.
UNK: 24 : Greta, you need to come clean to NASA.
Greta : You said you got all the cysts.
UNK: 24 : They could re-emerge.
Greta : I'll go to radiology clinics.
Greta : I'll get regular screenings.
UNK: 24 : If something happened while you're up there,
UNK: 24 : you'd be playing Russian Roulette
UNK: with other people's... Relax.
House : She doesn't have to tell, and neither do you.
UNK: Turns out the NASA doctors even know where the hyphen in Von Hippel-Lindau goes.
Greta : You called them?
House : I'm not an idiot.
House : Those shuttles fly over New Jersey.
UNK: So, here we are. The big moment!
UNK: Which of you gets to live to be abused another day?
UNK: And which of you goes home and rationalizes being fired as character building?
UNK: The following numbers, thanks for playing.
UNK: 21, 19, 8, 34,
UNK: 17,
UNK: 29, 5,
UNK: 36, 2.
UNK: The rest of you, 8 a. m. Sharp.
UNK: I'll be in sometime between 10 : 00 and 3 : 00.
UNK: Oh, and 26, stick around a while.
UNK: 2 : I did nothing wrong.
House : Lots of people did nothing wrong.
UNK: 2 : Other people screwed up, I never even...
House : Other people took chances.
UNK: 26?
UNK: 26 : Buddy Ebsen actually was allergic to...
House : Yeah, I know. How old are you?
UNK: 21.
House : You don't think it's relevant.
UNK: 26 : I'll likely have less time to use the skills you teach us,
UNK: 26 : but I don't think that's significant to you.
House : How about the fact that you never went to medical school?
House : Which is why you let the unlucky number do the trans echo.
House : At least you're ethically unethical.
UNK: 30 years I worked in the Columbia med school admissions office.
UNK: 26 : Audited all the classes, most of them, more than once.
UNK: 26 : I just never got a diploma.
House : You had to know I'd find out sooner or later.
UNK: 26 : I know you break rules.
UNK: 26 : I thought maybe you'd break one for me.
House : I can't hire you as a doctor.
House : But you can still tell me what you think.
UNK: You could also fetch me coffee and pick up my dry cleaning.
House : Until I can decide whether or not to keep you.
UNK: 26 : So, I'm playing this whole game to be, like, your secretary?
House : Assistant sounds marginally less demeaning.
UNK: 26 : It's not my dream job.
House : Actually, it is. It's just not your dream title.
Wilson : Three weeks.
Cameron : For someone who never misses something small, you missed something big.
House : You're an idiot.
Cameron : The hair, where I'm working, or both?
House : The hair makes you look like a hooker.
House : I like it.
House : Pulling pieces of windshield out of car accident victims,
House : and reattaching fingertips sliced off cutting bagels?
House : At least Chase's move is only one step down.
Cameron : I can do good here. Get it out of my system.
Cameron : Why'd you rat your patient out to NASA?
House : I don't know who's been gossiping about ethics instead of sex,
House : but I hope they've already been fired.
UNK: Which number was it? Greta.
UNK: Number. No number, the patient.
Cameron : How do you think she got your pager number?
Cameron : She came into the ER, didn't want to talk...
House : I didn't rat her out.
House : You lied?
UNK: I suppose I should tell her that before she keys my car.
Cameron : Why lie?
UNK: I had to stop some leaky faucets.
Cameron : What did it matter?
House : It was no one's business.
UNK: Right.
UNK: She's gonna be the safest astronaut up there.
House : Certainly more vigilant than the guy next to her who's got no clue
House : about the aneurysm in his head ready to pop.
UNK: Right.
House : You got a better reason?
Cameron : You couldn't kill her dream.