Castle : Where are you off to?
Beckett : Back to the precinct.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Look, Castle, if it was my choice...
Castle : Oh, please. Why would I wanna go to the precinct?
Castle : No, a PI's work is done in the field,
Castle : and I've got lots of leads to follow up on.
Beckett : Okay, I'll see you tonight.
Beckett : See you tonight.
Castle : So unfair.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : A private investigator?
Beckett : I swear, sir, I had nothing to do with this.
Gates : Yet he showed up at your crime scene!
Gates : Let me remind you, the DA was very explicit.
Gates : Ever since he worked that case for the mob,
Gates : Mr. Castle can no longer take part in our investigations.
Beckett : He's not. I mean, technically he's conducting his own investigation.
Beckett : And since he's licensed,
Beckett : legally, there's not much that I can do to stop him.
Gates : Okay, Detective. But let me be perfectly clear.
Gates : You cannot help him either. And that goes for you too.
Castle : I'm sorry?
Gates : No sharing of information, no granting access. Nothing.
Gates : Or there will be hell to pay. Understood?
Frank : Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
UNK: Good.
UNK: "How much trouble can he be?"
Beckett : Trust me, once he finds out that he has to work this case without me,
UNK: he's gonna get bored and he's gonna move on.
Esposito : He found our victim's school without you.
Beckett : Yeah, but that was easy.
Beckett : He doesn't have access to financials,
Beckett : to phone records, to street-cam footage.
UNK: I mean, how far is he gonna get?
Ryan : You know what would really suck?
Ryan : If Castle solved this case before we did.
Beckett : And that is not possible.
Ryan : Yeah, but what if he did?
UNK: Well, then we'd never hear the end of it.
Esposito : Uh, no, you would never hear the end of it.
Esposito : You're the one who has to go home to that guy.
Beckett : Listen, there is no way that he can solve this case before us.
Castle : All right, who are you
Castle : and what are you doing with a dead woman's dog?
Beckett : Think you can get the drop on me?
Jeremy : You don't know who you're messing with.