Castle : Something was pulled from it just before they published.
Castle : And I bet it relates to this case.
Alexis : You could track down the reporter, see if he could tell you.
Castle : Except the story is credited to Staff.
Castle : But there is someone else who knows.
UNK: Who?
Castle : The person who ordered the article shortened in the first place.
Castle : The editor.
UNK: Frank Jackson? Yeah, the guy at the alumni office
Ryan : said that Shana came in requesting all of his contact information.
Beckett : Frank Jackson. Why does that sound so familiar?
Ryan : Because he is now a reporter at the New York Ledger.
Esposito : That's who Shana was calling the day she died.
Ryan : And I can tell you why.
Ryan : Fifteen years ago, Frank Jackson was the president
Ryan : of the exclusive Tiger Claw Social Club,
Ryan : the organization that hosted the party where Shana's boyfriend died.
Beckett : So, Shana called Frank as part of her investigation.
Beckett : She knew that if he was president of that club,
UNK: he must've been at the party that night.
UNK: And if there was a cover-up, he would've been in on it.
Beckett : Then he could be our killer.
Castle : Excuse me, Mr. Jackson!
UNK: I wanted to talk about an article you edited about 15 years ago,
Castle : about a student who died at the Tiger Claw Social Club.
UNK: I'm sorry, I'm late. Another time.
Castle : You left something out of that article, didn't you?
Beckett : Something about how Jeff Whalen really died.
UNK: Who did you say you were again?
UNK: I'm Richard Castle.
Castle : I'm a private investigator working the Shana Baker murder.
Frank : Okay, not here.
Frank : I know somewhere nearby. It's more private.
Ryan : We still can't find Jackson.
Ryan : He's not at his apartment and he's not answering his phone.
Beckett : Okay, put out an APB.
Beckett : If he's Shana's killer, then he may try to run.
Esposito : Yo, that was the Ledger. One of Jackson's co-workers said
Esposito : that he saw him leave the building about an hour ago,
Esposito : with some guy who looked like Castle.
UNK: Then Castle found Jackson?
Beckett : And he has no idea how dangerous he is.
Beckett : Damn it, Castle, answer.
Beckett : Why can't he just stay out of this?
Castle : When have I ever stayed out of anything?
Beckett : Oh, thank God. Now, what are you doing here?
Castle : I know the rules, but given who I'm with,
Castle : I thought we might make an exception.
Frank : I knew this day would come.
Frank : When Shana called the other night,
Frank : I was almost relieved.
Castle : Just tell Detective Beckett what you told me.
Castle : About why she called.
Frank : It was about her boyfriend.
Frank : She wanted to know how Jeff Whalen really died that night
Beckett : at Radnor University.
Frank : Jeff was pretty wasted. He went upstairs to get some air,
Frank : and the next thing I remember was the scream.
Frank : Now, I didn't see what happened,
Frank : but I know Jeff wasn't alone in that room when he fell out the window.
Beckett : You think that he was murdered?
Frank : All I know is the next day I was pressured to change the story.
Frank : I was told to take out any mention
Frank : of who was in the room with him.
UNK: But who pressured you?
Frank : Someone big.
Frank : He said he was just trying to protect his son's reputation.
Frank : He told me he could ruin my life,
Frank : or he could do great things for me.
Frank : I was a kid and I was scared.
Frank : And since the cops already said that it was an accident,
Frank : I figured why ruin two lives?
Beckett : Only it wasn't an accident.
Frank : By the time I realized
Frank : the investigation had been rigged,
Frank : I had already helped to cover up a murder.
Castle : And if you had come forward,
Castle : your career as a journalist would be over.
Frank : Yes, sir.
Frank : I can't hide from it anymore, you know?
Beckett : Who were they protecting, Frank?
Beckett : Who pushed Shana's boyfriend out the window?
Frank : The last person I told that, um, wound up dead.
UNK: I mean, you sure you really wanna know?
Gates : Let me get this straight.
Gates : You think federal prosecutor Spalding Elliot killed Shana Baker?
Beckett : The events support it, sir.
Beckett : According to Mr. Jackson, right after Shana spoke to him,
Beckett : she went to confront Elliot about his role
Beckett : in her former boyfriend's death.
Castle : And he's a parent at her school, so she knew where to find him.
UNK: Look, it's no secret that Elliot is being groomed for bigger things.
Beckett : So, maybe he needed to silence Shana
Beckett : to keep her from destroying him.
UNK: Detective, if you're gonna go after
Gates : the top federal prosecutor in New York,
UNK: you're gonna need more than just the word of a compromised journalist.
UNK: You're gonna need bulletproof evidence.
Gates : And you don't have it.
Beckett : What if we can place Elliot at the crime scene?
Beckett : We found a cigarette butt with DNA evidence on it.
UNK: Which you're gonna match to his how?
UNK: I doubt if he's gonna volunteer his DNA if he's guilty.
Beckett : We'll find a way. Tread lightly, Detective.
Gates : You're hunting big game here.
Gates : And until we have a stronger case,
Gates : we cannot afford to attract any attention.
Gates : Which means, Mr. Castle,
Gates : you cannot be involved in this at all,
Gates : even in your private investigator capacity.
Beckett : Sir, we never would have gotten this far without...
Castle : Oh, no, actually, she's right. Rules are rules.
UNK: As a matter of fact, I shouldn't even be here right now.
Gates : Well, that was easier than I expected.
UNK: Yeah. Huh.