UNK: I'm... I'm sorry, Castle, we shouldn't be doing this.
Castle : Doing what? Uh, this.
Beckett : You, me, theorizing together.
UNK: It's not right, especially here,
Beckett : after this whole PI thing, I...
Castle : No! Shh! Don't think about it.
Castle : Just think about how it feels when we work together.
Castle : Besides, we have the place to ourselves. Who's gonna know?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah.
Beckett : It's work. Don't answer it.
Beckett : No, but I have to.
UNK: Hi, Espo. What's up?
Esposito : So, you asked me to dig deeper on Brian Whitman,
Esposito : see if there were any other connections to Shana.
Esposito : Well, you'll never guess what I found.
Beckett : No! No, you're right, that can't be a coincidence.
Castle : What's not a coincidence?
Beckett : Okay, bring him in.
Castle : Bring who in?
UNK: I'm sorry, baby, I gotta go.
UNK: Mwah. You're not gonna tell me anything?
Castle : You said married people tell each other things!
Whitman : Who the hell do you think you are, Detective?
Whitman : Why am I back here?
UNK: Uh, Mr. Whitman, please.
Beckett : You know, you're a generous man.
Beckett : You support charitable causes,
Beckett : you sit on the board of numerous esteemed organizations,
Beckett : including Radnor University.
UNK: So?
Esposito : So, just before Shana Baker died, she took a trip to Radnor.
Esposito : You know anything about that?
Whitman : - Sorry, can't help you. - I think you can.
Beckett : Her trip, your position on the school's board
UNK: and her helping getting your son into that preschool.
Beckett : I think those three are related.
UNK: And you're gonna tell us how.
UNK: Or we're just gonna find out anyway.
UNK: Then we're gonna take your ass down for obstruction
Esposito : and maybe accessory to murder.
UNK: Not to mention what's gonna happen at that preschool
Beckett : when they find out you refused to cooperate
Beckett : on an investigation of one of their employees' deaths.
Beckett : I don't think your kid is going to be
Beckett : enrolled there for much longer.
Whitman : Okay, okay, okay. Look, look, look, she came to me, okay?
Whitman : She wanted me to pull some strings at Radnor,
Whitman : and in return, she got my kid in.
Beckett : What strings did she want you to pull?
Whitman : She wanted me to contact the Dean of Students.
Whitman : Tell him Shana was coming to see him,
Whitman : and that she needed help with something.
Beckett : And what exactly did she need help with?
UNK: She wouldn't tell me.
Whitman : She just asked me to make the phone call to the Dean.
Whitman : That's all I know. I swear.
Whitman : So, we're good, right?
Whitman : I mean, my son's still in?
Beckett : The Dean confirmed that Shana was there yesterday,
UNK: requesting access to Radnor campus police files.
Beckett : Police files? Which ones?
Beckett : He didn't know, but according to their records room,
Beckett : she looked through incident reports
Beckett : from 1999.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Why would she be looking at 15-year-old incident reports?
Ryan : I bet Castle knows.
Esposito : Are you kidding me?
Beckett : There is no way he's ahead of us on this.
Ryan : Hey. He got to the morgue before us, and that lawyer.
Beckett : Ryan, he is resourceful, but he is not that resourceful.
Ryan : He got you to marry him, didn't he?
Esposito : Call him. Let's see where he's at.
Beckett : I just cut him out of the case.
Beckett : I can't call him and ask him what he knows.
Esposito : Then don't ask him.
Esposito : You're a detective. Detect.
Castle : Thank you for picking up dinner.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Didn't want you to starve on that PI's salary.
Alexis : So, how's your first case going?
Castle : Did I tell you I got pepper sprayed today?
Alexis : You say that like it's a good thing.
UNK: Yeah, I mean, now I'm kind of stuck.
Castle : I know our victim took a trip to Radnor University,
Castle : I just have no idea why.
Castle : I hacked into her social media accounts...
Alexis : Wait, you know how to hack into social media accounts?
Castle : Hacking might be overstating it.
Castle : Her password for everything is "Sparkles," her dog's name.
Castle : Point is, without police resources,
Castle : the best I can do is go through her friends' online posts
Castle : and look for some connections to Radnor University.
Beckett : Are there any?
Castle : Just one thing, but it happened 15 years ago.
Castle : I have no idea if it's even relevant.
Castle : I just wish I knew what Beckett had.
UNK: Mmm!
Castle : Richard Castle Investigations.
Beckett : Hey, babe. Just checking in. What are you doing?
Castle : Oh, just hanging out at the office. How about you?
Ryan : He has an office?
UNK: Uh, just wondering how your day's going?
UNK: Good. Really good, actually. How about yours?
Beckett : Yeah, mine's good too.
Beckett : Really, really good.
Castle : That's good. Great. I should have said, "Great."
Castle : Mine's great.
Castle : Great. That's...
UNK: Okay, so I'll see you tonight.
Beckett : See you tonight.
Beckett : He knows something.
Alexis : She has something.
Esposito : And you have to find out what.
UNK: And I'm gonna find out what.