UNK: Huh.
Esposito : Is he serious?
Beckett : I think he is. And I think I'm getting a headache.
UNK: Um, Ryan, see if you can get a hold of this building's superintendent.
Beckett : Look for any security cams and try to reach out to her next of kin.
Beckett : Espo, you and I should go to the school that she worked for,
Beckett : see if they can tell us anything else about Shana's life.
Esposito : You really didn't know about this PI thing?
Beckett : No, I mean, I saw him spending hours on the computer,
Beckett : but I just figured he was playing Terra Quest.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: So, what're you gonna do?
Beckett : Well, there's not much that I can do.
Beckett : Look, I know that he's doing this to spend time with me,
UNK: and I don't wanna hurt his feelings.
Beckett : I don't know, maybe it'll be harmless.
UNK: Harmless? This is Castle we're talking about.
Beckett : Okay, but he knows nothing about the case or the victim.
Beckett : So, how much trouble can he be?
Esposito : We're about to find out.
Beckett : Castle, how did you get here? Well, it turns out the subway
UNK: really is faster than morning traffic.
Beckett : No, I mean, how did you get here?
Beckett : To the school where Shana worked?
Castle : Oh! Well, the neighbors didn't know very much.
Castle : I figured her work would be your next stop.
Castle : So, I've heard about this place.
Castle : It's the feeder school in the city.
UNK: The only place to be if you're three years old and connected.
UNK: Isn't that Spalding Elliot over there?
Beckett : The State's top prosecutor.
Beckett : He's on the short list for Attorney General.
UNK: And behind him, James Kallman, Internet billionaire.
Castle : Even spotted Diddy in the carpool lane.
UNK: Well, this place is a bastion of the city's elite.
Castle : Wonder what our victim did here,
Castle : what foul schemes she was tangled in.
UNK: Uh, Castle, you can't just follow me inside and sit in on my interview.
Castle : Well, actually, um,
Castle : I was here first, so, really, you're following me.
UNK: Angela Matthews : Shana was our admissions director.
UNK: Angela Matthews : Parents, kids, everybody loved her.
Castle : How did she seem to you recently?
Castle : Any changes in her behavior?
UNK: Ms. Matthews : Actually, I don't know.
UNK: Ms. Matthews : She hadn't been around the past few days.
UNK: Why not? She'd been working long hours
UNK: Ms. Matthews : to finalize admissions for our new students.
UNK: She'd just sent the acceptance letters out last week,
UNK: Ms. Matthews : so she took the past couple of days off to recover.
Castle : If acceptance letters went out,
Castle : does that mean rejection letters went out as well?
UNK: Ms. Matthews : Look, I know what you're thinking.
UNK: Ms. Matthews : And, yes, parents can get a bit emotional,
UNK: Ms. Matthews : especially when it comes to their kids being turned down.
UNK: But nothing has ever risen to the level of something like this.
Esposito : Well, maybe this year it did. There's something you guys gotta hear.
Beckett : You think you can ruin my kid's life?
UNK: Bitch, I know where you live and you'll never see me coming!
Esposito : This was left on Shana's voicemail a few days ago.
Esposito : And pretty much describes what happened to her.
UNK: Doctor Matthews, do you recognize this voice?
UNK: Ms. Matthews : I'm afraid I don't.
Beckett : Okay, check with the rest of the staff, see if anyone else does.
Esposito : We'll also need copies of the school's phone records,
Esposito : as well as a list of parents that received rejection letters.
UNK: Ms. Matthews : Of course.
UNK: Can I get a copy of that list too?
UNK: I'm gonna take that as a "no."
Castle : Can't say that I'm shocked.
Castle : Group of powerful people not used to hearing the word "no."
Beckett : Come on, Castle.
UNK: You really think that rejection from preschool
UNK: qualifies as motive for murder?
Castle : With a feeder school like this one?
Castle : A rejection from here
Castle : could mean not getting into the "right" elementary school,
Castle : which affects high school, which affects college, and... Oh, my God.
Castle : People do insane things for their kids.
Castle : You'll see.