Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : Come on.
UNK: There.
Castle : One sample of damning DNA evidence coming right up.
Esposito : Sorry, Sherlock. Not this time.
Ryan : Pros will take it from here.
UNK: I...
UNK: Spaulding Elliott : A cigarette butt? Is that supposed to mean something?
Gates : It was recovered at the scene of Shana Baker's murder.
UNK: Preliminary DNA tests indicate it's yours.
Elliott : That's not possible.
Beckett : It is. Because you were there. You killed her, Mr. Elliot.
Elliott : That's ridiculous. I didn't even know her.
Elliott : Why would I kill her?
Gates : Because she knew the truth
Gates : about what happened that night at the party.
UNK: About Jeff Whalen's murder.
Beckett : We know that she tracked you down.
Beckett : And when she confronted you, you had her silenced.
Elliott : Okay, listen. Okay, she did track me down.
UNK: And she practically accosted me
Elliott : in front of my office the other night.
Elliott : And I told her the truth, all right?
UNK: That I... Yes, I was in the room the night that Jeff fell.
UNK: But I did not push him.
Frank : It was an accident. It's in the report.
Gates : Then why did your father cover it up?
Elliott : Because he knew that the truth wouldn't matter.
Elliott : That I would be convicted in the court
Elliott : of public opinion just for being there.
UNK: And then my political career would be over
Elliott : before it ever started.
Beckett : So you swept it under the rug,
Beckett : and then when Shana came along...
Elliott : Shana. Do you think she was the first?
Elliott : Listen, my enemies have been circling around this story for years.
UNK: And you wanna know why the media's never run with it?
Elliott : Because there's nothing there.
Elliott : Until now.
Elliott : I'm being set up. Mr. Elliot...
Elliott : Shana said somebody contacted her
UNK: and told her that I pushed Jeff.
Elliott : They urged her to "look into" the truth.
UNK: And then she ends up dead,
Elliott : and you find this at the scene?
Gates : You're claiming someone is framing you?
UNK: I'm a criminal prosecutor.
Elliott : Do you honestly think that I would be stupid enough
Elliott : to leave a piece of evidence like this behind?
Elliott : Look, I made my name fighting corporate greed.
Elliott : And my political ambitions
Elliott : are no secret to anyone. This...
Elliott : Don't you see? This is the perfect way
Elliott : for my enemies to destroy me.
Gates : Okay, there's only one problem with that theory, Mr. Elliot.
Gates : In order to frame you, a person would need to know
Gates : that you were there at that party 15 years ago,
Gates : and know that Shana Baker had just
Gates : come from seeing you an hour earlier.
Beckett : Maybe there's a simpler explanation.
Beckett : There is no conspiracy against you. You killed her.
Elliott : I couldn't have killed her,
Elliott : because I was at a fundraiser that night.
Beckett : Yeah, we checked into that.
UNK: You got there at 11 : 00. Shana was dead by 10 : 30.
Elliott : I swear to you. I am being set up!
Gates : I'm sorry, I'm afraid I have no other choice but to arrest you for...
UNK: Wait!
UNK: He's telling the truth. Spalding Elliot is not our killer.
UNK: Hi.
Gates : Was I not clear when I told you
Gates : to stay away from this case?
Castle : Okay, I can see you're upset.
Castle : But I promise, in a moment you'll understand. Jeremy.
UNK: This is Jeremy. He is the victim's friend and dog-sitter.
Gates : Oh, so, Jeremy is some sort of a witness?
UNK: Not quite. Jeremy, if I may?
Gates : Oh, the dog? The dog is the witness? Mr. Castle...
UNK: Just watch.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
UNK: I'm proving this man's innocence.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Mr. Elliot, if I may...
UNK: Please, no.
UNK: See, I remember reading in a profile of Mr. Elliot
Castle : that he has a severe allergy to long-haired dogs.
Beckett : And the victim's apartment was covered in dog hair.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Now, does this seem like the kind of man
Castle : who could wait in Shana's apartment?
Castle : Let alone smoke a cigarette while he did so?