Ryan : Guy's a big shot with even bigger anger-management problems,
Ryan : including slamming his Tesla
UNK: into this driver who cut him off.
Beckett : Anyone at the school recognize him?
Esposito : No, but I had unis show his picture around Shana's building.
Esposito : The same day he left that voicemail,
Esposito : neighbors saw him banging on her door, yelling obscenities.
Esposito : He promised he'd be back.
UNK: Brian Whitman : So, I was a little aggressive
UNK: when Miss Baker didn't let my son into that school.
UNK: Brian Whitman : But that doesn't mean I killed her.
UNK: "Bitch, I know where you live and you will never see me coming."
Beckett : That sounds like a death threat to me.
Whitman : I was being dramatic.
Esposito : How were you being when you shot her?
UNK: Look, you don't understand.
Beckett : And neither will a jury.
Whitman : I had no reason to kill her.
Whitman : She changed her mind about my son.
Whitman : She decided to let him in.
Beckett : Mr. Whitman, we have the school records...
Whitman : This just happened two days ago.
UNK: Call down there. You can check.
Whitman : I even have the letter she wrote me.
Esposito : Your son had already been rejected.
Esposito : So why would Shana change her mind?
Beckett : I don't know.
Whitman : She just did.
Beckett : Whitman's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was on an investment call to Hong Kong at the time of the murder.
Esposito : And the school verifies his claim.
Esposito : Shana did reverse the decision on his son.
Beckett : Do you think she gave in to Whitman's threats?
UNK: Nah, the headmistress said
Esposito : that Shana would never cut a deal.
Esposito : If she felt threatened,
UNK: she would've notified the school or the police.
Esposito : Unless there's more to the story.
Beckett : Let's dig into Whitman.
Beckett : See if there's anything else that connects him to Shana.
Beckett : He's hiding something.
UNK: Well, looks like our victim might
Ryan : have been hiding something herself.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : According to this bank statement,
Ryan : she withdrew $3,000 in cash out of her account
Ryan : the day before she died.
Beckett : And I take it that's not her normal pattern of withdrawal?
Ryan : No, in fact, it nearly cleaned out her savings account.
Esposito : So what would Shana Baker be doing
Esposito : that she needed that much cash?
Jeremy : Shana was going out of town.
Jeremy : That's why she wanted me to keep Sparkles.
Castle : I'm assuming you're better with dogs than you are with people.
Castle : Where'd she go? No idea.
Jeremy : In fact, the whole thing was sort of weird.
Castle : How so?
UNK: Well, usually when I take Sparkles,
Jeremy : she tells me weeks in advance.
Jeremy : But this was really sudden.
Jeremy : I had to take him right away.
UNK: And she always tells me where she's going,
Jeremy : but she didn't tell me this time.
UNK: Do you think her trip had something to do
Jeremy : with why she was killed?
Castle : Well, seeing as how she dropped her dog off with you
Castle : and the very next day she was murdered,
Castle : my guess would be, yeah, the two were related.
Jeremy : Where do you think she went?
UNK: Ah!
UNK: Castle! Perlmutter.
UNK: What are you... You're looking at my victim's chart!
UNK: Well, I'm just making sure you filled it out properly.
Castle : And may I say, for a man, you have exquisite handwriting.
Perlmutter : Oh. Give it back!
Castle : Hey, hey, hey. Look, look, look!
Castle : You could make this a lot easier on me, Perlmutter.
Perlmutter : Oh, because that's what I live for.
Castle : I just believe that your victim
UNK: traveled somewhere before she died.
Castle : Is there anything in the autopsy that indicates where?
Perlmutter : I would rather switch places with her
Perlmutter : than tell you. Now, give me that!
Perlmutter : I am warning you, Castle...
UNK: Here it is. "Stomach contents.
UNK: "Two ounces of peanuts, partially digested pretzels,
UNK: "blood contains trace amounts of over-the-counter sedative."
UNK: She was on a plane. She flew somewhere.
UNK: Thanks for your help.
Perlmutter : This isn't over!
UNK: What? It's Beckett.
Beckett : We're trying to explain some anomalies
Beckett : in our victim's financial records.
Beckett : Are there any signs that she traveled recently?
Perlmutter : Well, as a matter of fact
Perlmutter : I was just discussing that with the writer you married!
Esposito : Castle was at the morgue?
Esposito : How the hell did he find out our victim had left town?
UNK: I don't know, but Perlmutter was right about the air travel.
UNK: According to TSA records,
UNK: Shana took a 4 : 30 flight to Boston two days ago.
Esposito : What was she doing in Boston?
Beckett : She doesn't have any family or friends there.
Beckett : And I spoke to the school, she wasn't there for work.
Beckett : But she paid for the trip in cash,
Beckett : like she was trying to keep it secret.
Esposito : It says here that her return flight from Boston landed yesterday at 6 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Just hours before her murder that night.
Beckett : Meaning this mystery trip might have something to do with her death.