Castle : Oh, hey, there. You're home early.
UNK: Hey. I couldn't wait to see you.
Beckett : So, I picked up a bottle of wine
Beckett : on the way home. It's your favorite.
UNK: Oh, that is such a big glass.
Castle : What's the occasion? No occasion.
Beckett : I just figured this would be a great way for you to unwind
UNK: after a long day at work.
Castle : Oh, that's so nice. And where's your glass?
Beckett : Oh, it's over there.
Castle : Well, why don't we top that off for you, shall we?
Castle : Once we get all nice and relaxed,
UNK: unwind...
Castle : There we go.
Castle : You can tell me all about your day.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're not trying to ply me with wine
Beckett : to find out what I know about this case, are you?
Castle : Of course not. That's not what you're trying to do, is it?
UNK: No. Okay.
Castle : Because if you were trying to find out what I know,
Castle : that would mean you're stuck.
Castle : I'm not stuck.
Castle : Good. Because I'm not stuck either.
UNK: So you do know something. So you do know something.
UNK: Maybe. Maybe.
Castle : All right, this is crazy.
Castle : If we both have something, why don't we just trade?
Beckett : Castle, I can't. You know that.
Castle : Oh, can't!
Esposito : What happened to that rebellious girl
Castle : with the leather jacket and the motorcycle?
UNK: Would she say "can't"?
Beckett : She enforces the law now, and drinks expensive wine.
Castle : Then think about our victim.
UNK: Are you really gonna let a couple of silly rules
Castle : stand in the way of bringing Shana justice?
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : We'll do it just this once. For her.
UNK: You first. You first.
Castle : We'll go at the same time.
UNK: Ready? Yeah.
Beckett : She was looking into old police records...
UNK: Shana had an old boyfriend who died at Radnor University.
Beckett : Wait. She had an old boyfriend who died at Radnor University?
Beckett : How long ago? Fifteen years.
UNK: His name was Jeff Whalen.
Castle : He drank too much at a party and fell out a window.
Beckett : If she was looking into old police records...
Castle : And interested in homicide laws...
UNK: She must've thought that his death
Beckett : was more than just an accident.
Castle : She was investigating a murder.
Beckett : And somehow that got her killed.
Castle : Oh, my God. I missed this.
Perlmutter : Last night was amazing.
UNK: Wait.
Beckett : Are you talking about the put-together we did on the case, or...
UNK: That. But the put-together, that was pretty amazing too.
Beckett : It's been forever since we tried that.
Beckett : I forgot how creative you can get.
Castle : We're not talking about the case anymore, are we?
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan.
Beckett : Great. Okay, how long before the file...
Beckett : Before it gets there?
Castle : Before what gets there?
Castle : You were about to say "files," weren't you?
UNK: No!
Castle : Oh, you texted Ryan last night about Shana's old boyfriend
Castle : and told him to get those old police files for you,
Castle : while you were in bed with me.
Beckett : Ryan, I'll be right over.
UNK: Well, you're gonna let me take a look at those files, right?
Castle : I mean, that's only fair.
Beckett : Castle, I can't.
UNK: That would be crossing the line.
Castle : You didn't seem to care about lines last night.
Castle : No, last night, it was anything goes.
Beckett : Yes, Castle,
Beckett : and it was great.
Beckett : Come on, we both know it was just a one-time thing.
Castle : You know, I thought we had something special!
Beckett : Is that the file?
UNK: Yeah, and it looks like your 2 : 00 a.m. hunch paid off.
Ryan : What were you doing up so late anyway?
Beckett : I was working on the case.
UNK: Huh.
Ryan : Well, I don't know what Shana was looking to find in that report,
Ryan : but it refers to witness statements taken at the party
Ryan : where Shana's boyfriend, Jeff Whalen, died.
Ryan : But the witness statements, as well as the list of people who gave them,
Ryan : they're all missing.
Beckett : The file's been tampered with?
Ryan : It looks that way.
UNK: When I called over to Radnor, they said
UNK: that those pages must have been lost
Ryan : when their records were digitized 10 years ago.
UNK: What about the officer that wrote the original report?
Ryan : Passed away a few years back.
Beckett : Okay, if the information is missing,
Beckett : then what did Shana learn from this report that got her killed?
Ryan : According to the guy in the records department,
Ryan : when Shana finished with the archive,
Ryan : she asked for directions to the alumni office.
UNK: Now, I placed a call over there,
Ryan : but they don't open for another half an hour. So...
Ryan : Oh. How'd it go with Castle last night?
Ryan : Is he ahead of us or behind us?
UNK: Uh, we're definitely on top of him.
Castle : Without access to those police files,
UNK: they are gonna leave me in the dust.
Alexis : I thought you became a PI to work with Beckett.
Alexis : When did it become a competition?
Castle : When she took something beautiful that we'd built together
Castle : and shared it with another man.
UNK: What?
Castle : Investigatively speaking.
Castle : But I may have found a way to catch up.