UNK: Please.
Beckett : No, but I mean, he could be faking the whole thing.
UNK: Please. Please, get him out of here, before the hives start!
Castle : I think that ship has sailed.
Beckett : Okay, yeah, definitely not faking that.
UNK: Now, here is Spalding Elliot arriving at the fundraiser,
Ryan : the night of Shana's death.
Ryan : Note the lack of red splotches on his face.
Beckett : There is no way that he came straight
Beckett : from her apartment looking like that.
Esposito : Which means Ryan nailed it before. This is a conspiracy.
UNK: Ryan, you played the "C" card?
Ryan : Well, I mean, you weren't around. Somebody had to step up.
Beckett : Okay, for this set-up to work,
Beckett : someone had to activate Shana, and tell her about the cover-up.
UNK: Right, that way her death
Castle : would create an investigative path that led straight to Elliot.
Esposito : Setting him up for her murder.
Castle : My guess is we're dealing with some kind of big-money fixer,
UNK: a shadowy gun-for-hire Michael Clayton type.
UNK: Well, whoever planted Elliot's DNA at the crime scene
Beckett : had to have gotten the cigarette butt from somewhere.
Castle : Which means they had to intersect with Elliot at some point.
Castle : If we can figure out where and when...
UNK: "We," Mr. Castle?
UNK: Really?
Castle : But I...
Castle : I brought... On a silver...
UNK: Fine.
Castle : I'll show myself out.
Castle : We were all after the same thing, justice.
Castle : Trouble is, when it came to me,
Castle : Lady Justice had different plans.
Castle : While Beckett and the boys closed in on the killer,
Castle : I'd been kicked to the gutter, like yesterday's trash.
Castle : It just didn't seem fair.
Beckett : You're right,
Beckett : it's not fair.
Castle : Hey, Beckett! I was just listening
UNK: to some notes I made for the...
Beckett : I just... What are you doing here?
Beckett : You know, we took another look at the cigarette butt,
UNK: the one with Elliot's DNA.
Beckett : It turns out it had traces of barbecue sauce on it.
Castle : I thought you said you couldn't share.
Castle : I can't.
Beckett : But if you hadn't shared,
Beckett : then we'd still be looking at Elliot as our killer.
UNK: And besides, we got the place to ourselves. So, who's gonna know?
Castle : So, I assume Elliot has had barbecue recently.
Beckett : Just last week, at a rib joint Uptown.
UNK: We scrubbed the security video,
Beckett : and you'll never guess who we found
UNK: digging through the ash can for one of Elliot's cigarette butts.
Beckett : No way! That's our Michael Clayton?
UNK: Likely hired by whoever's behind all of this to befriend Shana,
Beckett : whisper in her ear and urge her to investigate.
UNK: And who ensured we followed the trail to Radnor. Oof.
Castle : I wish I could see the look on their face
UNK: when you slap the cuffs on them.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe you can.
Gates : Mr. Castle, I got an urgent call
Nicole : to meet you here regarding Shana Baker.
Castle : Yes. Yes, just one final question, Miss Morris.
Castle : Who hired you to kill Shana Baker and frame Spalding Elliot?
Nicole : What are you talking about?
Castle : I think you know.
Castle : That's you retrieving Elliot's cigarette butt
Castle : so you could plant it at the crime scene after you killed Shana.
Beckett : Nicole Morris, you're under arrest for the murder of Shana Baker.
Castle : You know, I always heard Harrison and Reid were a killer law firm.
Castle : Now, I know why.
Castle : Case closed.
Castle : You think we'll ever know who Nicole Morris works for?
UNK: Ah, she's not gonna tell us.
Beckett : But we did find several large payments wired to her account,
UNK: and Elliot is determined to find their source.
Castle : I would be determined, too.
Castle : That guy would be spending time in jail,
Castle : if it wasn't for a dog named Sparkles.
Beckett : And a PI named Castle.
Beckett : I'm proud of you. I just...
UNK: I thought this was another one of your larks. A way to kill time.
UNK: But you impressed me.
Beckett : You know, I kind of impressed myself.
Castle : I got all sorts of ideas for my new book.
Castle : Just one thing didn't work out as planned.
Beckett : You know that if this was up to me,
Beckett : we would be working together, right?
Castle : Yes, but since it's not, and we can't,
Castle : I was wondering how you'd feel if I kept with this for a while.
Beckett : Don't move.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : What's this?
Beckett : It's my answer.
UNK: I am so gonna wear this to work tomorrow!
Castle : Keep going, there's something else.
Beckett : So, maybe you can use that to locate an actual client.
UNK: I can see something I like better already.
Castle : You care to go into the other room and share?
Beckett : On one condition. What?
Beckett : The hat stays on.
UNK: Mmm!