UNK: pants.
UNK: Patient S, 55-year-old man end-stage lung cancer.
House : His pain was beyond the point where we could even pretend to treat it.
House : I showed him how to use the morphine pump.
House : I told him too much morphine would kill him,
House : but not to worry, the machine only gives out so much.
House : To override it, you need to enter a special code.
House : I went to the door and told the nurse,
UNK: "The code is 328." I said it loudly.
House : When he first came to my office,
UNK: I'd told him I would be with him every step of the way.
House : But I left him alone at the end.
House : I broke that promise.
House : To cover my ass, I failed...
House : I was wrong when I wrote that.
House : I've never given any less than my best.
UNK: I'm incapable of turning away from a responsibility.
House : My friends take advantage of that fact far too often.
UNK: I know that I gave that man everything I could.
UNK: And I know that he knew that, too.
House : This is a burden no one should have to carry alone.
House : And this is a decision no one should make alone.
House : Because, frankly, I don't trust all of you.
Audience : Doctor! Doctor!
Audience : Doctor! Question!
Doctor : Excuse me, Doctor. Not many people would have your courage.
Jordan : Thank you, Dr. Perlmutter.
UNK: Hey!
Wilson : Before I start shouting, Foreman says they're looking at Rickettsia.
House : Thanks for the message. Continue.
Wilson : What the hell?
Wilson : You think that little shout out is gonna make me forget
Wilson : that you drugged me, hid my pants, stole my speech?
House : You wanted the paper out there. It's out there.
House : And your job is safe.
Wilson : That was my paper.
Wilson : You don't ask what I want, you ignore my wishes, you drug me...
House : I'm waiting for you to name something new to our relationship.
UNK: You got no good reason to be angry with me.
Wilson : Oh, really? I should be thanking you?
House : If this was about getting the story out there, then, yeah.
House : Of course, if this is actually about something else,
House : maybe you feeling impotent because patients keep dying,
House : and you think you need to make some grand, stupid gesture, need to be a hero,
House : well, then, yeah, sorry, I did screw it up.
Wilson : You stepped over the line. This was not your decision.
House : My God, there are 10,000 oncologists in this country,
House : every one of them loses patients,
House : but only you would feel guilty enough...
House : Of course. We can't even argue on my schedule.
House : It's House.
House : Take down the bags.
Chase : It's too soon to tell if the meds are gonna...
House : It's not the meds.
House : It's the blood that's killing her.
House : What's everybody doing? You're stunned, right?
House : I mean, blood?
Michelle : She's had internal bleeding, she needs the blood to...
House : Is that the mom? I got a good comeback if it's the mom.
Michelle : Yes, I'm her mother.
House : Sure, she needs blood, if you want to kill her.
House : Then you'd have nobody left to neglect. Great plan.
House : Your daughter has Vibrio vulnificus,
House : courtesy of a few scrumptious oysters on the half shell.
Jordan : I didn't eat any oysters.
House : Thus proving that she did. Boy, that's neat.
UNK: A hundred other people ate those oysters. I ate...
House : Is that the dad? I got a good comeback if...
Chase : It's Chase.
UNK: Oh. Thought the dad might have been Australian, too.
House : There was nothing wrong with the oysters. All oysters have Vibrio.
House : But almost no one has hemochromatosis.
House : It'd give her a unique susceptibility to Vibrio, cause the swollen joints.
House : It got attributed to bulimia, so she got supplements.
Cameron : With iron.
House : Which overcooked the liver, which caused bleeding.
House : More blood, more iron, more bleeding, more blood.
UNK: Is she going to be okay?
House : Only if we give her high-dose ceftazidime for the Vibrio