Jordan : Thank you, yes... Yeah.
Jordan : ...and a freaking amazing new sci-fi series,
Jordan : and they're filming the motion picture now.
Phoebe : It's a prequel.
Jordan : The other girls wouldn't get it.
Jordan : Only Phoebe understands my passion.
Jordan : Only Phoebe understands "the bushido of the heel."
Chase : So what actually happened last night?
Jordan : We were with our friends,
Jordan : trying to get into the Pharmacide tour party at the Adams.
UNK: And then I found out that Jeffrey Keener was gonna be there.
Jordan : I follow his tweets.
Jordan : It's tragic that I have to explain this.
UNK: He's the creator of Stiletto issue number one and the TVshow.
Phoebe : He's a god.
Cameron : So did you guys go up to him?
House : God, no.
Jordan : We keep a 10-foot rule.
Jordan : It's not stalking if you don't go up to the person and bother them.
Phoebe : So we just followed him around.
UNK: Discreetly.
Phoebe : He ditched after half an hour and went down to the hotel restaurant for a late dinner.
Cameron : And you went with him? Discreetly.
Phoebe : We played it so cool.
Phoebe : For two hours, we lived his life.
Phoebe : We did everything he did, ate the exact same meal he ate.
UNK: Cool.
Cameron : The rest of their story checks out.
Cameron : Hotel manager says Mom and Dad were charged for food and a room,
Cameron : three pay-per-view episodes of Stiletto...
Cameron : You trying to kill yourself? It's from the same batch the girls ate.
Chase : They ate what he ate, and what 100 other healthy people ate.
Chase : Dig in, lunch is on the Adams.
Foreman : What if food is the answer?
Foreman : Not this food, any food. Jordan says she ate all of this.
Foreman : She's 16, all about body image,
Foreman : and she obviously worries about fitting in.
Cameron : Bulimia would account for her symptoms.
Cameron : We should do a barium swallow for Mallory-Weiss tears,
Cameron : start her on nutritional supplements, get a psych consult.
Wilson : Why are you reading my program guide?
Wilson : It's not like you plan on attending any of the presentations.
House : I like to know how much boredom I'm missing.
House : "Patient perceptions of complications in end-stage chemotherapy."
House : You didn't tell me you were giving a paper.
Wilson : And that was wrong?
UNK: The last time you presented a paper,
House : you gave me an advance copy and asked for feedback.
Wilson : And you're wondering why I wouldn't want to repeat that experience?
House : Oh, look, an '80s party.
UNK: Just when you think you've left Flock of Seagulls behind in your rear-view mirror,
House : suddenly it's up ahead like an undead hitchhiker.
Wilson : Cuddy's going.
House : Did you pack my legwarmers?
Wilson : If you want her, ask her out.
House : My God, man.
House : She's not some floozy in a bar,
House : she's the floozy I work for.
House : There's gotta be no radical steps here, gotta be subtle.
House : We happen to attend the same party,
House : the chat happens to turn personal.
Wilson : Like the frog in gradually boiling water.
UNK: Exactly.
House : She'll be red and delicious before she knows it.
UNK: That's fun.
Wilson : What could possibly go wrong?
Cameron : Chase went to the gym five times this week.