UNK: I don't know... Captain Cool?
Castle : No, but keep trying.
UNK: Hey, who was on the hook for that spill?
Alan : The lab manager, Frank Patchett. He begged me not to fine them.
Alan : He said the lab was hemorrhaging money.
Esposito : That sounds like motive. Come on, Castle, let's go talk to this guy.
UNK: Wait. Maybe I should come with you.
UNK: Why?
Alan : No reason.
Castle : The girl.
Castle : The one who doesn't know you exist, she works there, doesn't she?
UNK: No.
Alan : Yes. Her name is Gwen, she's in marketing.
UNK: Sorry, Alan, you got to stay here.
UNK: Ifthere's somebody at Zantium Labs trying to kill you,
Esposito : I'd be the worst cop on the force if I took you there.
Castle : Don't worry, Alan. I'll put in a good word for you with Gwen.
UNK: No, no, please, don't!
UNK: Gwen Parker : I can't believe someone would try and do that to poor Alan.
UNK: Gwen Parker : He's such a sweet man.
Castle : - So you do know him? - Of course.
Gwen : People around here kind of hate him,
Gwen : but I don't know, I think he's really funny.
Castle : I'll tell him you said that.
Gwen : Oh, that's Frank. Hey, Frank!
Castle : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Mr. Patchett, I'm Detective Esposito.
Esposito : I need to ask you a few questions about Alan Masters.
UNK: Frank Patchett : Is he doing okay? I heard someone tried to kill him.
UNK: Twice.
Esposito : How's the cleanup going?
Frank : Well, we're almost done here.
Frank : Accidents happen. Luckily, nobody was hurt.
Castle : Nobody except Alan.
Frank : You think what happened to him is connected to the spill?
Esposito : Maybe. So why don't you get changed? We can go talk about it.
UNK: Okay. Locker room is over there.
Esposito : We'll go with you.
Castle : Actually, I'm gonna go take a look around.
Castle : Origin story.
Castle : Oh, wow!
UNK: Hey.
Castle : - Excuse me? - Yes.
Man : Can I help you with something?
UNK: Yes, as a matter offact, you can, uh, Mike.
UNK: Look, um, ifyou had to pick something in this lab
Castle : that would turn somebody into a superhero, what would it be?
UNK: I'm... I'm sorry, what?
Castle : Radioactive spider, secret alien technology, super-soldier serum.
Mike : Yeah, we don't have anything like that here.
UNK: Then what is the...
UNK: what about this? What are you working on right here?
Mike : We've discovered an accelerated method
Mike : for growing hair cells in the mice.
Castle : Accelerated cell regeneration?
Castle : That could be the key to immortality!
Frank : I've been supervising this cleanup for the last 48 hours.
Frank : Even if I wanted to kill Alan, I didn't have the opportunity or the energy.
Esposito : But you did have the motive.
Esposito : You begged him not to fine you, and he did anyway.
Frank : Yeah, he's a pain in the ass. But the damage was already done.
Frank : Killing him would have accomplished nothing.
Frank : You know, something odd did happen when I walked him out to the parking lot.
Esposito : Odd, how?
Frank : There was someone hanging out at Alan's car,
UNK: but he took offwhen he saw us coming.
Frank : I didn't think much of it at the time, but...
Esposito : Does your parking lot have security cameras?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Let me see them.
Beckett : Mr. Hume, so you're an operations manager
Beckett : at a plastics factory that Alan recently shut down.
Beckett : Is that correct?
UNK: Glen Hume : I didn't do anything to Alan. I'm innocent.
Esposito : Innocent men don't usually stalk their victims in parking lots.
Hume : I just wanted to talk to Alan, that's all.
Hume : I needed to find the right moment. We had to be alone.
Beckett : Okay, what did you want to talk to him about?
Beckett : Mr. Hume, if all you wanted to do was talk to him,
Beckett : then why did unis find you with two suitcases and a ticket to Mexico?
Hume : Because I don't want to die. They came after Alan, and I'm next.
UNK: Who's "they"?
UNK: Ifyou know who went after Alan, you need to tell us.
Beckett : Was it someone from your company?
Esposito : Are you a whistleblower, Glen?
Esposito : Is there something you're trying to expose?
Esposito : Is that why you wanted to talk to Alan?
Beckett : The NYPD can protect you.
Beckett : And if someone really is trying to kill you,
Beckett : you're a lot safer in here with us than out there on your own.
Hume : Okay, but it's not someone from my company.
Hume : It's the mob.
Beckett : What would organized crime want with Alan?
Beckett : - Waste management. - Yeah.
Hume : They strong-armed me into giving them
Hume : the contract for my factory's hazardous waste disposal.
Hume : They've been doing the same thing all over town.