Lanie : In small doses, it's a powerful analgesic.
Lanie : Specifically used for the pain of heroin withdrawal.
Beckett : So it makes the drug more addictive by reducing the painful side effects.
Beckett : So more addictive heroin that doesn't have to be smuggled into the country...
Castle : Because it can be made right here in the good old US ofA.
Beckett : That explains why the Triads and Horatio
Beckett : were willing to put their differences aside.
UNK: Because synthetic heroin could be worth billions!
Alan : What does this have to do with me? Why would anybody want me dead?
Lanie : Well, clearly, this stuff is made in a lab somewhere,
UNK: and yourjob is to inspect laboratories, so...
UNK: You know, this shade ofyellow Iooks very familiar.
Alan : What is it that gives it this color?
Lanie : An inorganic catalyst commonly referred to as LAH.
Alan : Lithium aluminum hydride!
Alan : That is the same chemical that spilled when I was inspecting Zantium Labs!
Lanie : This is why they wanted you dead.
Alan : When the synthetic heroin hits the streets,
Alan : it will come out that it was made with LAH.
Lanie : And since you knew the lab had purchased large amounts of LAH...
Alan : They couldn't take the risk that I might see something on the news,
Alan : put the pieces together, and report it to the authorities.
UNK: Which means someone at Zantium Labs is trying to kill you.
Esposito : Someone at Zantium Labs is trying to kill me!
UNK: Oh, my God. Is that what we sound like?
UNK: Surely hope not. I mean, it was cute. Butjust, overly cute.
UNK: Int - Apartment : - Alan! - Huh?
Beckett : Do you know who ordered the LAH for Zantium?
Alan : I do. Mike Lin, the lead chemist.
Alan : I remember seeing his name on the purchase order.
Alan : He's probably the guy who's trying to kill me!
Alan : He could be very dangerous. We need to get down there
Alan : and figure something out before he hurts someone else!
Beckett : No, we have to be very smart about this.
Beckett : There is no way that Mike, a chemist, would be working alone here.
Beckett : So we have to get a court order to impound the entire laboratory
Beckett : and make sure that nobody destroys any of the evidence.
Alan : Well, how long will that take?
Beckett : Don't worry. we'll get this guy.
UNK: Ah! Castle, there you are. We've got the warrant, let's go.
Esposito : Yeah, where's Alan?
Castle : I thought he was with you guys.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Oh, no!
UNK: Gwen!
Gwen : Alan, what are you doing here?
UNK: Come with me ifyou wanna live.
Gwen : Alan, what is going on?
Alan : Mike Lin is secretly making synthetic heroin in the lab.
Alan : He's the one who's trying to kill me!
Alan : Oh, my God!
Gwen : - Alan, are you sure? - Yeah.
Alan : But don't worry, the cops are on the way.
Alan : And until then, I'll protect you.
Alan : This will work.
UNK: Ifthat old blind guy could use it, so could I.
UNK: Or... Or that's actually better.
Alan : Wait, why do you have a gun?
Gwen : - I'm gonna kill Mike. - No.
Alan : No, no, no. The cops will arrest him.
Gwen : That's what I'm afraid of.
Gwen : Mike is the only person here who knows that I'm running this drug operation.
UNK: What?
UNK: Wait, you're the one who poisoned me?
Gwen : And electrocuted you. Yeah, I was trying to be discreet.
Gwen : I mean, my boyfriend Horatio said I should just shoot you in the head, but...
Alan : Hold on, stop everything!
Alan : Horatio is your boyfriend?
Alan : So I guess a second date is out of the question?
UNK: Aw! Alan, you seriously thought a guy like you had a shot with me?
UNK: Ow...
Alan : I thought dying twice was painful.
Gwen : Well, maybe it won't be so bad the third time.
Alan : - Police! - Nobody moves! NYPD!
UNK: Show your hands right now! Put up your hands!
UNK: Keep your hands where we can see 'em!
UNK: Hands! Hands!
UNK: - Any sign ofAlan? - No, not yet.
Castle : I'm sure he came here. See ifyou can find Gwen's office.
UNK: Alan!
Beckett : Oh, no!
UNK: This is my fault.
UNK: I forced the superhero mantle onto him.