Beckett : see if Organized Crime has any insight?
UNK: AII right.
Castle : We know you can survive poisoning and electrocution.
Castle : Now it's time to see ifyou can survive penetrative wounds.
UNK: How about ifwe start with something smaller? Like a paper cut?
Castle : Okay, this is all a little overwhelming. I understand.
UNK: AII right. Let's... Let's test for some other powers first.
UNK: Telekinesis. Try to move the piano with your mind.
Alan : Oh. If I try this, will you tell me about Gwen?
UNK: Deal.
UNK: Ow!
Esposito : What the hell?
Castle : That was a trick. I was actually testing for Spidey-Sense.
Alan : I don't have it.
UNK: Clearly.
Alan : - Can we take a break, please? - Fine.
UNK: Hit me in the head.
UNK: Here.
UNK: - Uh, no, no, I don't drink. - AII right.
UNK: Do you wanna know what Gwen said?
Alan : Yes. Finally.
UNK: AII right. I'll tell you.
Castle : - Well? - I'm telling you with my mind.
Castle : - You're not getting it? - No.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Well, bad news is, no telepathy.
Castle : Good news is, I think Gwen is into you. She told me she thinks you're funny.
UNK: Really? Funny ha-ha, not funny strange?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Yeah, what?
Castle : Exactly. So, are you gonna use your double-death as a wake-up call,
Castle : and finally ask her out?
Alan : What if she says no?
Castle : What if she says yes?
UNK: Okay, I'll do it.
Castle : That is the spirit, Alan.
UNK: What? I didn't think you meant right now.
UNK: Alan, there is no time like the present.
UNK: Mmm!
Alan : It's ringing.
Alan : This is very exciting.
Alan : Oh, my God! I'm gonna be sick. I don't know what to say.
Castle : - Just be yourself. - Be myself.
Alan : So, something like, "Hi, this is Alan Masters"
UNK: "from the City Department of Safety Inspection, badge number 6247..."
Castle : New plan, new plan. Do not be yourself. Say this...
UNK: Hi, Gwen! Hello, this is Alan Masters...
UNK: Yes, that's right. I'm much better, thanks. You?
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Nothing. I... I was just calling to see ifyou wanted to have dinner with me.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Okay, I'll see you there. Bye.
UNK: She said yes.
Castle : Well done, Alan.
Castle : Now all we have to do is plan the perfect date.
Castle : How much time do we have?
Alan : Well, we're meeting at Botticelli's in 30 minutes.
Castle : - Tonight? - You said yourself.
Alan : It's time to start living.
Castle : Yes, I just thought it would be after we apprehended your would-be murderer.
Alan : I know. I will just embrace my powers.
Alan : Maybe this is my origin story.
Alan : And my dinner with Gwen will be the beginning of something really terrific!
Castle : That's the spirit, Alan. And I'm going with you.
UNK: Oh, please, don't.
Castle : The first two attempts on your life were meant to be anonymous. Quiet.
Castle : It's very unlikely they'd try something in a public place.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Though they did fail twice, they might try to kick it up a notch.
Alan : What are you saying?
Castle : Don't order an appetizer.
Beckett : - You found something? - Yeah.
Vikram : I ran the partial plate from that SUV Caleb Brown got into,
Vikram : generated a list of names.
Vikram : Guess who's on it.
UNK: Brooks. The guy with the bag of spiders who tried to take down Castle and me.
Vikram : If Brooks picked up Caleb at the airport, then this ties Caleb directly to LokSat.
Beckett : Well, look. It's a start, anyway.
Vikram : A start? It's photographic evidence.
UNK: Ofwhat? That he got into a car with a bad guy?
Beckett : Caleb's a public defender. He represents bad guys.
Vikram : He was using an alias.
Vikram : We can use this to go at Caleb, get him to reveal LokSat's identity.
Beckett : Until he alerts LokSat that we're onto him,
Beckett : and then we're all dead.
Beckett : No, we gotta wait until we have something more concrete.
UNK: Fine. Caleb's alias, Peter McCaffrey,
UNK: I'll look in to see what other trips he's taken under that name,
UNK: see if it leads somewhere more definitive.
Beckett : Look, I know this is frustrating, but we're getting close.
Beckett : We just have to tread carefully.
Castle : There she is.
Castle : She looks nice.
Alan : This is a huge mistake. I'm a safety inspector.
Alan : That's not even a little sexy. This is so much scarier than dying.
Castle : You are Alan Masters, superhero.
Castle : Chicks dig superheroes.
Alan : Should I tell her I'm a superhero?
Castle : I wouldn't open with that.
UNK: Okay.
Alan : I'm going in. wish me luck.
Castle : Good luck.
Alan : - Hi, Gwen. - Hi.
Alan : - Wow. You... - Good to see you.
UNK: Oh.
Alan : You look great. Thanks for having dinner with me.
Gwen : I was surprised that you called after the day you've had.
Alan : What a day, right? Crazy, Just nuts. I...
Alan : I'm a superhero.
UNK: What?
Alan : Nothing. I sneezed.
Gwen : You sneezed "I'm a superhero"?
UNK: Allergies.
Alan : Superhero! Excuse me.
UNK: Help.
Castle : Hey, Ryan.
Ryan : We ID'd the owner of Bullseye waste Management.
Ryan : He's a guy named Horatio Spate.
UNK: That's a good supervillain name.
Ryan : This is not a joke.
Ryan : Spate is suspected of executing over a dozen people.
Ryan : I texted you his picture, just to put him on your radar.
Ryan : Whatever you do, don't leave the loft.
Castle : Don't leave the loft. Got it.
UNK: Wait, what's that noise?
UNK: Uh...
GwEN : Like actually electrocuted, Iike unconscious?
UNK: Crap.
Spate : Hello, Alan.
Alan : Do I know you?
Spate : Sorry to interrupt your romantic dinner.
UNK: Careful, Alan. He's your archnemesis.
Alan : Seriously? I have an archnemesis?
Alan : Is that how they dress?
Gwen : Alan, you're cute and I like you, but this is all a bit much.
Gwen : You say that you're a superhero, and he's a supervillain.
UNK: So does that make you his sidekick?
Castle : Sidekick? Please, I'm the mentor.
Gwen : And I'm his date, or at least I was.
Gwen : I'm sorry, this is just weird.
UNK: And she thinks I'm crazy.
UNK: Thank you so much. This is all your fault.
Castle : Actually, it's his.
Castle : Alan, meet Horatio Spate.
UNK: He is the new owner of Bullseye waste Management.
Alan : So you're the one who's trying to kill me?
Spate : Hardly. If I wanted you dead, you'd be dead already.
Alan : Well, what do you want?
Spate : An arrangement. One that would benefit both of us.
Spate : Twice someone's tried to kill you, and you're still with us.
Spate : How long before Lady Luck abandons you?
Castle : Oh, let me guess. A man like you can offer protection.
Spate : More than offer. I can guarantee it.
Spate : In return, all I ask is that you adopt a more laissez-faire interpretation
UNK: ofyour inspection policies.
Castle : This is a moral test.
Castle : Every superhero is presented with a moral dilemma
UNK: by the villain trying to corrupt him.
UNK: Horatio Spate, my answer is no.
Castle : Gun! Gun!
Spate : Relax, boys.
Spate : It's gingko. Just started taking it.
Spate : Here's what it does. It improves memory, it sharpens brain function.
Spate : And it helps a person make really, really good decisions.
Spate : Perhaps you should try one. Then you can rethink your answer.
UNK: Careful. It's dangerous out there.
Castle : It's as if he stepped off the pages of a graphic novel.
Castle : You should have been there to see him in person.
Beckett : Yes, they should have, not you. And definitely not Alan.
Beckett : Now, tell me how dangerous it was for you to take him out in public,
Beckett : 'cause I know that you knew.
Castle : He's in love, Beckett. And I love love.
UNK: And... And I'm sorry, and I won't do it again.
Beckett : No, you won't, and you know why?
Beckett : Because I've had him sent to a real safe house
Beckett : until we track down Horatio.
UNK: Hey, boss, I know we were talking about flying under the radar,
Ryan : but that really doesn't seem to be Horatio's style.
Ryan : I mean, he solves problems with bullets.
Ryan : Not poisons and elaborate electrocution traps.
Esposito : So why would he guarantee protection?
UNK: Well, maybe he knows the actual identity of our would-be killer.
Beckett : And stopping the hit could benefit his waste disposal company
Beckett : by giving him leverage on Alan.
Beckett : Are any of Horatio's associates recent buyers of TTX?
Beckett : 'Cause that could help us narrow down who's trying to kill Alan.
UNK: We got the list right here.
Castle : Wait a minute. Lucky Dragon Herbologists?
UNK: Horatio had a pill box with a dragon logo on it.
Castle : That's it. That's the same logo!
Esposito : It says here that it's a front for the white Lotus Chinese Triad.
Ryan : Okay, so how does an international gang get cleared to possess TTX?