Alan : Hey, you sound a little upset that I'm still alive.
UNK: No. It's just... Oh, come on.
Beckett : I don't suppose you have an explanation this time.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Well, considering he's already died three times in 48 hours,
UNK: Dr. Ellins : does it even matter?
Lanie : Welcome to the club.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Alan, it's my professional medical opinion
UNK: Dr. Ellins : that you're the luckiest man who's ever lived
UNK: Dr. Ellins : and kept living even after he died.
Alan : Thanks, Doc.
Castle : How are you feeling?
Alan : You know, I'm grateful. Especially for the new friend I made.
Alan : I sure hope we could stay in touch.
Castle : Are you kidding? You and me, this is the start of a beautiful...
UNK: I don't think he's talking to you.
UNK: Hey, maybe you have a few secret powers we haven't seen yet.
Castle : Which is what I've been saying all along.
UNK: But perhaps discovery of those abilities is best left
UNK: to a medical expert.
Lanie : Buh-bye, Castle.
Lanie : - Get to steppin'. - Thank you.
Beckett : Okay, yeah. Thanks.
UNK: That was Vikram. The DEAjust arrested Horatio and a few members of the Triad.
Castle : So what's wrong?
Beckett : Caleb's deadline has come and gone.
Beckett : And Vikram said that he's disappeared. He's gone off-grid.
Castle : He's running.
Castle : Too scared to face LokSat, too scared to work with us?
Beckett : Which means we just lost our only lead.
Castle : So what do we do?
Vikram : I don't know.
Beckett : Maybe you're right. Maybe it is time for a change.
UNK: I hear Paris is nice this time ofyear.
Castle : So long as I'm with you, I'll go anywhere.
UNK: No, don't shoot me. I might spill my scotch.
Castle : I think you mean my scotch.
Castle : And my most expensive scotch.
Caleb : It's worth it.
Beckett : You had a change of heart, Caleb?
Caleb : You know, every morning we wake up and we choose who we wanna be.
Caleb : I wake up and I ask myself, "why are you choosing this?"
Caleb : Because you're right, Kate.
Caleb : I was a good guy once.
Beckett : And you still can be.
Beckett : Who is LokSat?
Vikram : I don't know.
Castle : Oh, come on, you work for him.
Caleb : Yes, but I started out working for his partner.
Beckett : - Senator william Bracken? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So, what, LokSat inherited you?
UNK: It was more like drafted.
UNK: After Bracken's murder, I received this on my doorstep with a note
UNK: and I quote, "Mr. Brown, you now work for me."
UNK: "This cellphone is enabled with GPS and will only function"
UNK: "at the northernmost end ofAster Park."
UNK: "Be there every third Monday of the month at 8 : 00 a.m."
UNK: "To receive your orders."
UNK: Kate, it's yours. And hopefully you can trace LokSat's next call.
UNK: Mmm-mmm. They're gonna know I'm not you.
Caleb : We don't have a conversation. The phone rings, I answer.
Caleb : An electronically modified voice gives me instructions.
Caleb : It lasts no more than 60 seconds, so have your best people ready.
Castle : - Where are you going? - Um...
Caleb : I'm gonna go to the same places that I always go. work, home.
UNK: I'm gonna act as if nothing's changed.
Beckett : Yeah, but it has, and we can protect you.
UNK: AII I want from you is your promise that you'll see this thing through.
Caleb : And remember who I chose to be today, because nobody else will.
Caleb : That's a damn fine scotch, Rick.
Castle : This is it. It's our one shot at LokSat.
Beckett : Yeah. And when the time comes,
Beckett : we're gonna make it count.