Castle : I would say that Alan was a bit of a dreamer.
Castle : Spending his days on the ground, inspecting things,
Castle : but his nights in the clouds, fantasizing of adventure.
Castle : Tragically, his life was cut short before he ever truly lived.
UNK: Man's Voice : Hey, what's going on?
Alan : Or not.
Alan : What are you all doing in my apartment?
Esposito : Um, Lanie?
UNK: Don't "Um, Lanie" me. That man was dead.
UNK: Dr. Rebecca Ellins : Well, he's very much alive now.
Lanie : He had no pulse, no breath sounds, and his pupils were dilated and fixed.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Was there rigor mortis? Lividity?
Lanie : No, but he'd been dead Iess than an hour.
Beckett : Lanie, hey, is it true that our victim was...
Lanie : He was dead, okay? I know how to do myjob.
Beckett : Okay, calm down. It's all good. I just...
Lanie : No, no, no, it's not all good.
Lanie : I almost stuck a thermometer in his liver.
Beckett : Uh, so, is he stable?
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Well, I'm still running tests, but he seems completely healthy,
UNK: Dr. Ellins : despite having ingested a deadly dose oftetrodotoxin.
Beckett : - Hmm? - TTX. It's a neurotoxin
UNK: found in several species offish.
Lanie : It's extremely potent.
Beckett : And yet he survived. So, do you have an explanation?
UNK: Dr. Ellins : No, but your husband sure does.
Castle : You are a modern-day Lazarus.
Castle : Risen from the grave to answer the eternal question,
Castle : what's on the other side?
Alan : I'm sorry, who are you again?
Beckett : You'll have to forgive him, Mr. Masters. He's very excitable.
Castle : Excuse me if I find pulling back the curtain on what happens when we die
Castle : just a tad exciting.
Castle : Was there a white light? Or was it more of a tunnel thing?
Alan : The last thing I remember, I was taking my pills,
Alan : trying to get my cable fixed.
Alan : And then I woke up to an apartment full of police.
Castle : So no out-of-body experience?
Beckett : Do you have any enemies?
Alan : Me? No. I'm an average guy. I go to work, I come home.
Castle : But you dream of so much more, don't you?
Alan : How do you know that? Did you read my diary?
Castle : No, I saw your pictures on your...
Castle : wait, you keep a diary?
Castle : As a grown man, call it a journal.
Beckett : What about work? Have you upset anyone there recently?
UNK: Yeah, there is this guy that works for me.