UNK: Well, used to work for me.
UNK: Dave Barton, I had to fire him
UNK: because he was letting serious infractions slide with just a warning.
Beckett : Was it for money?
Alan : That was the rumor.
Alan : And he did seem a little miffed when I let him go.
Alan : I'll play you the message that he left me.
UNK: You slimy little maggot,
UNK: I'm gonna stab you with a rusty spoon
UNK: and strangle you with your own intestines.
UNK: Or better yet, I'm gonna force-feed you your toes,
UNK: one by one, and then I'll light you on fire.
UNK: No, first I'm gonna paralyze you with a claw hammer,
UNK: and then cover you with ants, you son of a bitch!
UNK: It goes on and on like that for a while.
Beckett : And you never thought to call the police?
Alan : On Dave? No. He's just got a big personality.
UNK: Dave Barton : What can I say? I have anger issues.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : And a gift for murderous creativity.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Threatening to "Nail Alan to the ceiling by his feet"
Dave : It's all just talk.
Dave : I actually get nauseous at the sight of blood.
Esposito : Oh, is that why you decided to poison Alan last night?
UNK: Hey, no, I was home last night, with my wife and my mother-in-Iaw.
Dave : Which, believe you me, is no good for my anger issues.
Dave : I mean, that woman drives me crazy.
Dave : Sometimes I just think about getting a blender and a trowel, and...
UNK: Kidding.
Ryan : Well, you better hope your alibi holds up,
Ryan : 'cause you had all the motive in the world.
Dave : You want motive? We're safety inspectors.
Dave : You think we're making friends handing out millions in fines?
Dave : We're not getting any Christmas cards.
Dave : Especially Alan.
UNK: What do you mean, "especially Alan"?
Dave : The guy's got a rep for being a real stickler.
Dave : He doesn't let anything slide.
Esposito : Oh, is that what you did? Let things slide in exchange for a payday?
Dave : Maybe I did, maybe I didn't. Doesn't make me a killer.
Dave : The point is that Alan refuses to play the game