Lanie : and from being electrocuted, but both in the same day?
Beckett : So, is there an explanation?
UNK: I can think oftwo. Either I'm really bad at myjob,
UNK: or Castle is right and this guy is immortal.
Beckett : He is not immortal. And you are a genius at yourjob.
Beckett : We just got to keep looking for answers.
Beckett : Starting with who wants to kill this guy so badly.
Lanie : Is there any forensics on the second attempt?
UNK: No.
Beckett : The bed must have been wired after the apartment was already released
Beckett : from being a crime scene,
Beckett : which means the killer had about a two-hour window
Beckett : before Alan and Castle got there.
Ryan : Hey, so the toxin that should have killed Alan, TTX, is a controlled substance
Ryan : available through only a few pharma supply companies.
Ryan : CDC is sending us over the list right now.
Lanie : So finding the buyer might Iead to the killer.
Ryan : Any idea how our boy, Alan, is still with us?
Beckett : Uh... No, but Castle has a theory.
Castle : You are a superhero.
Alan : No, I'm really not. I'm just an ordinary guy.
Castle : You were an ordinary guy, Alan.
Castle : That's how most superheroes start out,
Castle : mild-mannered weaklings, and that's you.
Alan : Wow. Thanks.
Castle : Relax. It's all to maximize your transformative arc.
Alan : If I agree with you, will you leave me alone?
Castle : - Don't be silly. - Ow. Ow.
Castle : We're just getting started.
Castle : First we need to figure out what triggered your transformation.
Castle : Your origin story, if you will.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because the origin story is everything.
Castle : What, there's what, nine Spider-Man movies about it?
Esposito : Yo, we got a lead.
UNK: We need to come up with a superhero name for Alan.
Alan : No, no, we really don't.
UNK: How about "Safety Man"?
Castle : No, that's terrible.
Esposito : Well, does he have any other powers?
Vikram : I don't know. We should really run some tests.
Alan : Um, you said something about a lead?
Esposito : Right. Yeah, we've been checking into your inspection history
UNK: to see ifthere's somebody you might have pissed off.
UNK: And I think we have a winner. Zantium Labs.
Esposito : You just hit them with a six-figure fine.
Alan : Yeah, they're a bio-pharmaceutical company.
Alan : I threatened to shut them down
Alan : after they had a bad chemical spill two days ago.
Castle : Whoa! A chemical spill? Mystery solved!
Castle : Exposure to dangerous materials
Castle : is the most common superhero origin story there is!
UNK: Oh, sorry, the spill was LAH. It's an inorganic compound
Alan : used as a catalyst to make other chemicals, which...
Alan : The point is, it can be explosive,
Alan : but there's nothing about it that would ever turn anyone into a,