Caleb : You know the type, she never knows when to give up.
Caleb : And she has her tech guy look into Peter McCaffrey's recent travel.
Woman : - Okay. - Yeah.
UNK: Well, Mr. McCaffrey's a very private person.
Caleb : So he set up some unexpected digital trip wires.
Caleb : That's bad news for the tech guy, and his boss.
Caleb : And so this cop, she keeps marching toward this kill zone,
Caleb : and unless she makes an about-face, it is not going to end well.
Beckett : I don't get it.
Beckett : You served a full term in the Peace Corps, you worked for the EPA.
Beckett : You brought legal action against corrupt corporations...
UNK: - what is your point, Kate? - What happened?
Beckett : You used to make a difference. Why did you sell out?
Caleb : Look, my client is forced to work for a man that he cannot fight.
Caleb : And take my word for it, neither can you.
Beckett : Let's help each other out here.
Beckett : We can bring down LokSat.
Beckett : I'm giving you a second chance to make a difference.
Caleb : Captain, just do yourself a favor, hmm?
Caleb : Heed my warning.
UNK: No, you heed mine.
UNK: You have until 8 : 00 tomorrow night.
Castle : Then what?
Beckett : I'll expose you.
Beckett : And then we'll both be looking over our shoulders,
Beckett : waiting for LokSat to tie up loose ends.
Beckett : Because once they find out that your cover is blown,
Beckett : and I'm onto you, then you're gonna be as dead as I am.
Caleb : Seven minutes, Kate.
Caleb : Seven minutes.
Caleb : That's how long the brain continues to function after the body dies.
Caleb : And as all of those synapses slowly stop firing off,
Caleb : that's when they say that our lives flash before our eyes.
Caleb : Now, when your seven minutes come,
Caleb : I sincerely hope that you do not flash to this moment,
Caleb : when you had a chance to live and you chose not to.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : You want me to handle that?
Beckett : You're on edge this morning.
Castle : On edge? why would I be on edge?
UNK: Just because LokSat's henchman knows we're onto him,
Castle : and assassins could come through the door any second.
Castle : I mean, why aren't you on edge?
Beckett : Well, Caleb is a lot of things, but he's not suicidal.
Beckett : And working with us is his only recourse.
Castle : He threatened your life.
Beckett : Because he was scared. Trust me, Castle, I turned him.
Beckett : I'm positive he's gonna come in today.
Castle : Oh, yeah, I think he's coming in, too.
Castle : Either him, or LokSat's kill squads.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey! Geez.
UNK: So Judge Koberjust denied our search warrant request for The Lucky Dragon.
Beckett : A suspected Triad front.
Beckett : Does she know that we like them for two attempts on Alan's life?
Ryan : Says we still need probable cause.
UNK: Okay, uh, we gotta go at this a different way.
Beckett : You know, if Horatio and the Triads are working together,
Beckett : - this is something big. - Mmm.
UNK: Guys.
Castle : I know how to get in.
Castle : Stick to the plan.
UNK: Relax, I've totally got this.
UNK: Shop Man : Welcome to Lucky Dragon herbs and remedies.
Man : Can I help you?
Alan : Surprise safety inspection.
Castle : FYI, sir, he's holding out a badge
Castle : that says Department of Safety and Health.
Castle : And he's got a serious look on his face.
UNK: A very serious look.
Man : Okay, but why two inspectors?
Alan : - Uh, because he is my trainee. - Trainee.
Alan : And it helps to have a second set of eyes.
Alan : Not that one set of eyes, or no sets of eyes is a bad thing.
Man : Bring all the eyes you would like.
Man : I'm sure you'll find my medicines violate none ofyour western laws.
Castle : We'll be the judge of that.
Man : I ask we stay together so I may address your inspection concerns.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Of course.
Castle : I'll cause a distraction. You slip in the backroom.
Man : Here are some of my most precious herbs.
Man : Impossible to grow in this country.
Castle : Oh, you mean these herbs right here?
UNK: Your assistant is very clumsy.
Alan : Yes, he is.
Alan : Which is why the sooner we get out ofyour way, the better.
Alan : Take us to your back room now, please.
Man : But of course.
Man : Wait! I sense something.
Man : Something powerful. An unnatural presence in the order of things.
Castle : - What kind of presence? - What kind indeed?
Man : When is a man not a man?
UNK: When his life force cannot be extinguished.
Man : When he cannot die, then he is a god.
Castle : I think he senses your powers.
Alan : Yeah, you do?
Castle : Either that, or he's buying time
Castle : while his guys get the contraband out the back door.
Beckett : Why don't you guys drop the cases?
UNK: NYPD.
Ryan : On your knees, fellas.
Esposito : - What the hell is this? - Heroin.
Castle : Since when does heroin look like that?
Lanie : Since it's synthetic heroin.
Lanie : An opioid manufactured to replicate a heroin high.
Lanie : In fact, this stuff actually improves on it.
Lanie : Because according to the analysis I ran, it's laced with TTX.
Alan : The same poison that almost killed me? What, heroin isn't dangerous enough?
Lanie : Because that poison works by blocking synapses.