UNK: So, being married... Different, not different?
Marshall : It's the same. Mostly.
Marshall : Except I think I might be getting carpal tunnel.
UNK: My hand keeps cramping up.
UNK: I thought the whole point of getting married was
Barney : That you didn't have to do that anymore.
Marshall : No, it's from writing all the thank you notes.
UNK: Mostly. Yeah.
Lily : You're writing constantly.
Lily : There's forms we have to sign,
Lily : Our death folders,
UNK: Thank you notes. Whoa, whoa.
Barney : What are death folders?
Lily : It's this thing they recommend you do
Lily : In case one spouse dies unexpectedly.
Marshall : It's all the information
Marshall : Your spouse might need
Marshall : All in one convenient location.
Lily : Yeah.
Lily : Account info, important addresses,
Lily : A letter to the other person.
Lily : All that stuff.
Lily : I'll get the next round.
Ted : Thanks.
Marshall : I am such a jerk.
Lily : Yeah.
Barney : Wait, why?
Marshall : I didn't know that I was supposed to write a letter.
Marshall : In that folder are a bunch of bank statements
Marshall : And a funny list of things to do with my ashes.
Ted : Marshall brownies.
Marshall : Number six. Yeah.
Marshall : Oh, god, I am a bad husband.
Marshall : No, uh, no, I'll just write,
Marshall : I'll write lily a letter tonight, everything'll be fine.
Barney : That's right.
Barney : Unless...
Barney : You die between now and then. Ooh.
Barney : Come on, that's never gonna happen. Yes!
UNK: If there's one thing we can state
UNK: With absolute certainty
Ted : It's that marshall eriksen is not going to die
Ted : Before writing that letter.
Barney : No way at all.
Barney : In fact, I dare god
Barney : To smite down this perfectly healthy...
Marshall : Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Marshall : I get it.
Marshall : Okay, you guys know I'm a little superstitious,
Marshall : And you guys are trying to freak me out.
Marshall : Well, guess what? It didn't work.
Marshall : So, there.
Marshall : You guys are jerks!
Ted : Kids, after robin and I broke up,
UNK: ["How I Met Your Mother", credits]Narrator : She needed some time away.
Narrator : Away from her normal home, her normal life,
Narrator : And it turns out, her normal self.
Robin : I was just so uptight in new york, you know?
Robin : I mean down here everybody shares everything.
Robin : It's like we're all one big shimmering ball
Robin : Of positive energy.
Robin : I wonder if anyone's ever thought that before.
Lily : Here.
Lily : Eat.
Gael : If we run out of fish,
Gael : I will catch more with my hands.
Robin : A drum circle!
Robin : They're different every time.
Robin : Let's go watch!
Robin : And here I am at the drum circle.
Barney : Whoa, are you topless?
Barney : Ted, check this out.
Ted : Seen 'em.
Lily : Wow, it seems like a great trip.
Robin : Oh, it was.
Robin : I feel like the robin who left
Robin : Is not the same robin who came back, you know.
Lily : Wow, there's a lot of nude people in here.
Barney : You haven't changed, scherbatsky.
Barney : You're a sophisticated, scotch-swilling,
Barney : Cigar-smoking, red-meat-eating,
Barney : Gun-toting new yorker.
Lily : Just shoes and a shirt.
Lily : That's a look.
Barney : What you are not is a massage-giving,
Barney : Windsurfing, bongo-playing,
Barney : Teetotaling, vegan, peacenik, hippy
Barney : Like you soon to be ex-boyfriend, gael.
Barney : Back me up here, ted.
Ted : I'm just happy robin's happy.
UNK: Thank you. Lily : Man,
UNK: This is like a "where's waldo"
Lily : Of exposed genitalia.
Lily : Except that it's really easy to find waldo.
Robin : I'm evolved...
Robin : And I'm enjoying living my life
Robin : A little bit closer to the way gael
UNK: And I did in argentina. Please.
Barney : Vacation romances have an expiration date.
Barney : Gael's got a "best if banged by" sticker on him.
Barney : Once your romance
Barney : Starts to stink, you'll dump his ass
Barney : Down the drain like sour milk
Barney : And go back to being "unevolved robin,"
Barney : The one we actually like.
Barney : Back me up here, ted.
Ted : I'm just happy robin's happy.
Barney : I'm telling you, within three days...
Lily : Ooh, here he comes. Switched to big words.
Barney : Within a triad of solar periods,
Barney : You'll recognize your dearth
Barney : Of compatibility with your paramour
Barney : And conclude your association.
Robin : My journey was transformative.
Robin : And I reassert my commitment
Robin : To both the aforementioned paramour
Robin : And the philosophies he espouses.
Gael : What are we talking of?
Gael : Baseball?
UNK: This is all gonna return to masticate you in the gluteals.
UNK: Support my hypothesis, ted.
Ted : I'm just jubilant my former paramour's jubilant.