UNK: Uh, listen, you said that I had to cut one of my people...
House : if I didn't give that speech about your drug.
House : And, uh, in fairness to your point of view,
House : my speech really wasn't the one you had in mind, so I've cut Cameron.
House : Now we're all squared away, right?
Vogler : In the morning, I expect you...
House : in my office with your letter of resignation...
Vogler : and plans for a public apology,
Vogler : otherwise I'll destroy you.
UNK: So, that's a no on us being squared away?
Chase : She might make it to full term.
Chase : Contractions are less frequent and not well organized.
Foreman : Great to see you back in the office. I guess Vogler found you?
House : Yeah. We had a nice little chat.
House : I really should have kept Cameron.
House : - She knew where to find the sugar. - It's what I said : preeclampsia.
Chase : A little stress from the M.R.A., she pops right into labor. - Aha.
Foreman : - What about the myasthenia? - Come on. She didn't seem that weak.
Foreman : She choked. She couldn't even swallow.
House : - What did she choke on? - Her food.
UNK: But muscle weakness isn't a symptom of preeclampsia.
UNK: What kind of food? - A little bit of cooked pear. Doesn't matter. Shows weakness.
House : She choked on soft, wet pear?
House : Did she forget to take the bones out?
House : That's way past muscle weakness.
UNK: Did you do an upper endoscopy? - You think there's something obstructing her esophagus?
UNK: - We gotta talk. - Ooh. We gotta talk.
House : And check her eyelids.
House : Check her eyelids?
UNK: Special board meeting today. Only one item on the agenda : you.
House : Enjoy the bagels. I'm untouchable.
UNK: Right.
House : Any vote to revoke my tenure has to be unanimous. I've got you and maybe even Cuddy.
Wilson : Well, that settles it. Mr. Ruthless Corporate Raider...
UNK: will be totally stymied, go home, curl up on the floor of his shower and weep.
House : What can he do? I got a contract.
Wilson : Does it say how much your team is paid,
UNK: where you parking space is, if your car should be filled with horse manure?
Wilson : Vogler's smart. He's got some plan to get you.
House : Does it involve candy? 'Cause I'm a sucker for chocolates.
House : - She's doing better. - Oh, thank God.
House : Technically, Alexander Fleming. He developed antibiotics.
House : Pneumonia's under control.
House : From now on, what say you go with human food, okay?
Joel : - Absolutely. Swear to God. - This time, that's your guy.
UNK: Ms. Friedman : Rachel and Joel Kaplan?
UNK: Yes? You're under arrest.
Officer : You have the right to remain silent. What did we do?
UNK: Ms. Friedman : You're being charged with child endangerment.
UNK: What? How? -Starving your kid. I'm from Social Services.
UNK: Ms. Friedman : We're taking responsibility for your baby.
House : This is how Vogler's gonna destroy me?
Cuddy : - What did he do? Grease your cane? - He had my patients arrested.