Vogler : A man is the sum of his actions. Here are a few of Dr. House's.
Vogler : He violated a D.N.R. and was charged with assault.
Vogler : He brought a termite into the O.R. and spat on a surgeon.
Vogler : He accepted a Corvette from a patient who was a known member of the New Jersey Mafia.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : - Ed, look... - Edward.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Edward. You look at anyone's career, you can find things that are...
Vogler : These are the last three months.
Vogler : He's personally had more complaints filed against him than any department in this hospital.
UNK: Okay. He's screwed-up. He's miserable.
Wilson : And he should probably reread the ethics code, but it works for him. He's saved hundreds of lives.
Vogler : He is a drug addict who flaunts his addiction and refuses to get treatment.
Vogler : He is a disgrace and an embarrassment to this hospital.
Vogler : I'd go on, but it gets kind of mean, so...
Vogler : I'm gonna keep this simple.
Vogler : House goes or I go.
UNK: You shouldn't personalize this. - And by "I", I mean my hundred million dollars.
Vogler : How's that for personalizing?
Cuddy : You gave us that money for a reason.
Cuddy : Are you really willing to throw it all away because of one doctor?
Vogler : Gregory House is a symbol of everything wrong with the health care industry.
Vogler : Waste. Insubordination.
Vogler : Doctors preening like they're kings, and the hospital is their own private fiefdom.
UNK: Health care is a business. I'm gonna run it like one.
Vogler : I hereby move to revoke the tenure of Dr. Gregory House...
Vogler : and terminate his employment at this hospital, effective immediately.
UNK: Female Doctor : - Don't you think we should discuss this? - We just did.
UNK: We need time... - The vote is on the table. All in favor?
Vogler : Dr. Wilson. Opposed.
Vogler : The motion is defeated.
Vogler : Dr. Wilson, would you mind leaving the room, please?
Wilson : - Excuse me? - We're going to take another vote.
Wilson : Well, first of all, you can't void my vote by making me stand in the hallway.
Wilson : And second, you should check the bylaws.
Wilson : You need notice and at least one business day before you can reconsider any matter.
Vogler : We're voting on a different matter, which you are conflicted out of.
Wilson : How can I be conflicted?
Vogler : This vote is whether to dismiss Dr. James Wilson.
Chase : Naomi is refusing to have the C-section.
Chase : Her odds aren't good enough.
House : They do suck. Where's Wilson?
UNK: Paged him twice. She does this, she knows she's gonna die.
Foreman : She's saving her child. Cameron would point out that people are capable of sacrifice.
House : Cameron isn't here.
UNK: Perhaps proving her point. - You think this woman is making a rational decision?
Foreman : I think people can overcome their baser drives.
House : Pretty damn rarely.
House : And not this time. This is purely biological.
House : In evolutionary terms, the needs of the next generation are more important.
Chase : - You're saying she's making the right call? - Darwin is. I'm not.
House : The next generation is not my patient.
House : We have to raise the odds for Mommy.
House : Where the hell is Wilson? He's the oncologist.
Foreman : Good plan. Cure cancer.
UNK: I'm surprised no one ever thought of that before.
Rachel : There he is.
Vogler : Dr. House.
UNK: You guys bust out? We made bail. They won't let us in our baby's room.
UNK: Weird. You think they'd let you take her home while they figured out if you tried to kill her.
Joel : We're good parents. We fed her whenever she was hungry.
Rachel : Big meals. We had no idea that diet was so bad.
Joel : The nutritionist said it had everything she needed. Listen.
House : The kid who stacks the free-range grapefruit in your health food store is not a nutritionist.
Rachel : But my uncle is.
Rachel : He went to college and everything.
House : - Foreman, I need a C.T. scan on... - Olive Kaplan.
UNK: Seriously?
Joel : Olive Kaplan.
UNK: Look for abscesses or occult infections. Yeah.
UNK: Bye-bye.
House : Listen. Vogler's all about clinical trials.
House : The hospital's chock full of them.
UNK: There's gotta be something for small-cell lung cancer.
House : What are you doing?
Wilson : I got sacked.
House : Did you make a pass at Cuddy?
UNK: I told you. She only has thighs for me.