Wilson : I voted to keep you.
House : So he's getting rid of every board member who votes to keep me around.
Wilson : Yeah. Every one of us.
House : Just you? Yep.
House : But you're only off the board, right?
UNK: They couldn't have gotten unanimous approval for you.
Wilson : Brown from oncology voted no. So did Cuddy,
UNK: Taylor and Peavey.
UNK: Oh, so you're off the board. Big deal.
House : Frees up Wednesday nights for bowling.
UNK: You're still a doctor. Getting dumped looks great in Who's Who.
Wilson : Vogler gave me the option of resigning.
Wilson : And I took it.
House : Big of him. I got no kids.
UNK: My marriages sucks. I only had two things that worked for me.
UNK: This job and this stupid screwed-up friendship,
UNK: and neither mattered enough to you to give one lousy speech.
House : They matter.
House : If I could do it all again... You'd do the same thing.
Wilson : Well, you'll be gone soon too.
House : Those clinical trials?
Wilson : I'll make some calls.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: It's... It's not cancer. It's not gonna kill me?
UNK: It's hemorrhoids. - But all that blood... I mean, that can't be right.
Cuddy : Looks worse than it is.
House : - Nice job of protecting me. - Can this wait?
House : His ass can wait. You save my job by sacking Wilson?
Cuddy : What did you think would happen when you made that speech?
UNK: That you would just pout for a little while and we'd all forgive you?
Cuddy : You don't spit on the man that signs your paycheck.
Cuddy : First Cameron, then Wilson.
Cuddy : You're next. Pull your pants up.
House : So it's about the money. Ofcourse it's about the money.
Cuddy : The money Vogler gave, he could have bought a few jets, maybe a baseball team.
UNK: Orjust stuck it in Chase Manhattan and collected interest.
Cuddy : But he gave it to us to buy equipment, to do research.
Cuddy : You are a great doctor, House, but you are not worth a hundred million dollars.
House : We've sequenced the D.N.A. of the tumor cells.
House : P53 gene mutation at codon 55. She's perfect for your trial.
UNK: Hmm. She's pretty far advanced.
House : Well, you want easy cases, you picked the wrong specialty.
Prather : Otherwise in good health? Excellent.
Prather : When can she start? Middle of next week.
UNK: Cancer's already stage III. It'd be a waste of time. She can start in two days.