UNK: You're all a bunch of nobodies. I could buy this precinct!
Montgomery : Howard Weisberg, president of the network.
Montgomery : He just found out about the search warrant for Mickey Reed.
Montgomery : He also found out that we think Bobby Mann was murdered.
Bobby : - How? - Breaking news
Montgomery : on a different network.
Montgomery : The guy got scooped on his own star's murder.
Beckett : So much for keeping the press out.
Montgomery : You two better be right about all this.
UNK: - Text-giggling, really? - It's Alexis.
Castle : - She just saw a loon feeding. - Funny, so did I.
Ryan : Hey, so Mann's Bugatti is still in the garage.
Ryan : They won't let us touch it without a search warrant.
UNK: $2 million car.
Esposito : Apparently, it's worth more than their insurance policy.
UNK: - You sure they aren't joyriding? - All right, check with the judge.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: If his car's still in the garage, where'd he go after Mickey's place?
Beckett : It couldn't have been very far.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, did Mickey's doorman mention
Beckett : what direction Mann was headed when he left?
Esposito : - South. - South.
Castle : South on Broadway from 57th. That's the theatre district.
UNK: At 2 : 00 in the morning. There's nothing playing then.
Castle : Well, there's diners, there's clubs, there's restaurants.
Beckett : Well, other than the poison and the gum,
Beckett : we know he didn't eat or drink anything.
Castle : Maybe "Tory" is a place he went.
Castle : Conservatory. Inventory. Purgatory.
Beckett : Factory! The Comic Factory! Mann was a comedian.
Beckett : He went to a comedy club.
Castle : Comic Factory is on 55th and Broadway.
Castle : That's two blocks south.
UNK: He put his gum in a piece of paper from a Comic Factory flyer.
Castle : - You're right. - And then, from the forensics,
Beckett : we know he didn't have the cranberry or the balsamic before he spit it out.
Castle : So, he was poisoned either at or after the club.
Beckett : Then Mickey Reed didn't kill Bobby. He's not our guy.
Beckett : Hey, guys. How do you feel about going to see a little comedy?
Esposito : The guy's got the most recognizable face in comedy.
UNK: Owner Of The Club : Yeah. I know. Look, I got a call on the club phone,
UNK: and caller ID's from Bobby's show.
UNK: Owner Of The Club : A guy asks about one of my comedians.
UNK: Couple of hours later, a guy shows up to see that comedian,
UNK: but he's got a funny-Iooking mustache and he's wearing a baseball cap.
UNK: - He looked like Bobby. - Did he talk to anyone?
Ryan : - Did he have a drink? - No.
Owner : He sat in the back, left his drink ticket
Owner : and bolted out the side after watching the comedian he came to see.
Ryan : Anything special about this particular comedian?
Owner : Angel Santana? The proverbial rising star.
Owner : I'm assuming you know about the incident that night.
Esposito : What incident?
UNK: I'm Angel Santana. Good night, ya'II.
Esposito : Ms. Santana, I'm Detective Esposito, this is Detective Ryan.
Angel : Hey. Thanks for coming.
Angel : The officer I talked to did not instill a lot of confidence.
Esposito : - You want to tell us about it? - Not much to tell.
Angel : During my set that night, someone smashed my bike's tail light,
Angel : banged up the fenders and scratched "late night bitch" into the tank.
Angel : I mean, what does that even mean?
Ryan : Actually, we're not here about your bike.
Esposito : Ms. Santana, did you know Bobby Mann?
Angel : You mean personally? No. Why?
Ryan : Well, because he came to see your act on the night he was killed.
Ryan : Any idea why?
Angel : Wow. He probably trashed my bike.
Angel : I've heard stories about him. I know guys he's blackballed
Angel : just because they did his competitor's show.
Esposito : Is there any reason why he might have wanted to come after you?
Angel : His producer tried to book me on his show last month,
Angel : but Mickey Reed wanted me, too.
Angel : I had to pick. Mickey felt more like my vibe.
UNK: Club owner said Bobby left at 2 : 30
UNK: and the bartender confirms he didn't drink anything.
Beckett : Which leaves us two hours left to account for.
UNK: And a whole lot of strange behavior.
Beckett : Why would Bobby go see a comedian who didn't want to do his show,
Beckett : and then bust up her bike?