Martha : - Bobby Mann is dead. - What? What happened?
Martha : They're saying he had a heart attack.
Castle : I'm telling you, the guy said that somebody wanted him dead,
Castle : and then he ends up dead. That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Bobby Mann had a history of heart disease
Beckett : and on the autopsy reports it states that the cause of death was
Martha : a heart attack. That can't be a coincidence either.
Castle : - Did Lanie do the autopsy? - No. But she sent it to me.
Beckett : A guy was walking his dog, saw Mr. Mann collapse on the sidewalk.
UNK: Alone. There's no puncture wounds,
Beckett : no bruising, and the tox panel came back negative.
Beckett : There's no foul play, Castle.
UNK: I talked to his producer this morning.
UNK: She said that Mann left the studio at 12 : 45 in his Bugatti Veyron.
UNK: That's a $2 million car.
UNK: He collapsed on foot a few blocks from his house at 4 : 50.
Castle : - So? - So where's the car?
Beckett : He's like a gazillionaire, Castle. He probably just parked it
Beckett : and expected someone else to pick it up the next morning.
Castle : killed with an undetectable poison that stopped the heart.
Castle : What if that's what happened to Mann?
Beckett : Need I remind you that you make up stuff for a living?
Beckett : And there is no such poison in real life.
Beckett : And if there was, there would be a whole slew of angry spouses
Beckett : who'd be getting away with murder.
Castle : Could you just have Lanie take a closer look? Please?
Lanie : You know how many strings I had to pull for this, Castle?
Castle : If I'm wrong, I'll reimburse the city.
Lanie : To hell with the city. It's me you're gonna owe.
Lanie : I take spa certificates, jewelry, and cash.
Castle : Duly noted. What's that?
UNK: The contents of Bobby Mann's pockets when he was brought in.
UNK: - I'm gonna go check on the labs. Okay.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : It's called investigating. You should try it.
Beckett : I usually wait until there's a crime.
Castle : Cell phone. Money clip.
UNK: He stuck a piece of gum into a paper before he put it in his pocket.
Beckett : One of his last acts was not littering.
UNK: Yes, but there is a word on this paper.
Castle : "Tory." Could be a mystery woman.
Beckett : Wow, Castle. Cracking this case wide open.
Castle : Hey, it's his idea notepad.
Castle : This is a joke from last night. "Charity golf.
UNK: "First time he's pulled out in years."
Beckett : Do you realize that you are now investigating a heart attack?
Castle : - What? - His signature line of 20 years,
Castle : "The boys'll be back on duty tomorrow night."
Castle : Looks like he was thinking of changing it.
Beckett : "The crew will be back on duty tomorrow night."
Castle : Maybe he was trying to make it hipper.
Castle : We should have a signature line.
Castle : "She's armed. He's dangerous."
Hank : - No. - No. How about,
Castle : "A whole new chapter in crime solving"?
UNK: - "Chapter." Get it? - No.
Lanie : Okay. I ran every extra tox screen outside of standard protocol.
Lanie : All negative. No trace of any known poisonous substance.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Don't forget to tip your ME on the way out.
Lanie : Not so fast.
Lanie : Secondary tox panel detected traces of tyramine,
Lanie : which is harmless,
Lanie : but its presence raised a red flag for me, so I ran some more tests.
Lanie : - Bobby Mann was taking Phenelzine. - "Phenelzine"?
Lanie : - A prescription drug for depression. - So?
Lanie : So, Phenelzine is in a class of drugs called MAO inhibitors
Lanie : that have powerful contra-indicators.
Beckett : - You mean drug interactions? - In this case, interactions that can kill.
Lanie : MAO inhibitors contra-indicate with anything fermented.
UNK: Wine, beer, certain kinds of cheeses.
Lanie : Even the smallest amount can trigger a hypertensive crisis.
Castle : Oh! Almost like an undetectable poison that stops the heart.
Beckett : Which doesn't mean that he was murdered.
Beckett : He could've accidentally eaten or drank something he shouldn't have.
Lanie : That's what I thought, so I ran the contents of his intestines.
Lanie : In the hours prior to his death, he ingested three substances.
Lanie : - Something sugary, like hard candy. - Or chewing gum.
Lanie : There you go. Also, cranberry juice and balsamic vinegar.
Castle : Which is fermented.
Lanie : And there was no trace of anything that you would find balsamic on.
Lanie : No chicken, no fish, no pasta. Just the cranberry juice.
Castle : Which could've easily masked the color
Castle : and the taste of the balsamic vinegar.
Beckett : So you're saying that somebody knew about Bobby Mann's condition,
Beckett : slipped balsamic vinegar into his cranberry juice,
Beckett : knowing that it would kill him?
Lanie : This was no accident. Bobby Mann was murdered.
Castle : Well, Bobby, you were right.