Cindy : About a year ago.
Cindy : In court.
Cindy : He took out a restraining order against me.
Beckett : Well, according to the complaint, you did threaten to kill him.
Cindy : Well, I don't really remember what was said.
Castle : "I wish you were dead, you little weasel."
Cindy : He was dating a younger woman, and she looked just like me.
Castle : Tell that to his previous wife.
Beckett : Were you aware of his dietary restrictions?
Cindy : Sure, nothing fermented, or it could give him a heart attack.
Cindy : Why? You think I had something to do with it?
Beckett : You tell me, Mrs. Mann.
UNK: According to your doorman, Bobby showed up at your building last night.
Beckett : He did?
Beckett : Cindy, we know you saw him.
Cindy : How do you know he wasn't there to see Barbara?
Cindy : - Barbara? - His first wife.
Cindy : She's got an apartment in the building, too.
UNK: We both got them in the divorce settlement.
Cindy : Bobby co-owned the building.
UNK: Yeah, I saw Bobby last night.
UNK: He came by around 1 : 00 in the morning.
UNK: Woke me up, as usual.
Beckett : Did he often surprise you in the middle of the night?
Barbara : I was the one woman who fell in love with him
Barbara : before all the fame and the money.
Barbara : Whenever he felt insecure, he came around.
Barbara : Mostly it was the same old stuff, you know.
Barbara : His ratings were down or he was getting old.
Barbara : But last night...
UNK: What?
UNK: He was different. He looked haunted.
Barbara : He said something was going on. Something awful.
Beckett : - What was going on? - He wouldn't tell me.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : He asked me if I thought he was a good person.
Barbara : I held his hand and I said, "Bobby, you're a lousy husband,
UNK: "but you're a hell of a man."
UNK: And he left.
Beckett : At what time?
UNK: Around 1 : 15.
Castle : - Did he say where he was going? - No.
Barbara : I thought he was going home.
Barbara : Something awful was going on.
Beckett : He knew someone was after him.
Castle : But he doesn't tell his ex-wife or his best friend. Instead, he tells me.
Beckett : Maybe it's because he knew you were working with the cops.
UNK: "Tell me I'm a good person."
Castle : Like he was doing something he was ashamed of.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Okay, neighbors confirm Barbara Mann's story.
UNK: One of them saw Bobby leave her apartment at 1 : 15 a.m.
Beckett : That's outside of our kill zone, which means we need to figure out
Beckett : where he went to next.
Beckett : Let's canvass all the garages in the area,
Beckett : see if we can find Mann's car.
Beckett : Let's also look into his financials for the usual secrets,
Beckett : drugs, gambling, prostitution.
Esposito : - Yeah. - Okay.
UNK: Hello?
Ellie : Ellie, hi.
Castle : Ellie Monroe, from the show.
Castle : Yeah. No, I know. I understand.
UNK: No, I think that's a great idea. Yeah.
Castle : Okay, I'll meet you there. Bye.
Beckett : Ellie Monroe, huh?
Castle : Yeah. She's pretty upset about this whole Bobby Mann thing,
Castle : that we were his last guests.
Castle : She thinks it would be comforting if we were to be together.
Beckett : "Comforting." Is that what the cool kids call it these days?
Castle : Wow. You are so cynical.
Castle : You know, sometimes, after a tragedy, two human beings just need
Castle : to be with each other, just for no other reason than to
Castle : show each other some understanding and support.
Castle : I'm just glad I can be comforting.
Castle : Good morning, Detective.
Castle : - Really? - What?
Beckett : Lose the "I just got laid" voice, all right?
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : I am a trained detective, so don't bother denying it.
Castle : Okay, fine.
Beckett : Oh, so now you're not denying it?
Castle : You just told me not to.
Beckett : Hey, guys, any news on the car?
Esposito : Nothing at any of the garages near Barbara Mann's building.
UNK: We checked restaurant valets in the area.
UNK: Bobby paid the guy at Mozart's
UNK: a hundred bucks to keep it close while he ran up to his ex.
UNK: Witness says he left a little before 1 : 30.
UNK: 61 st and Central Park West.
Beckett : Where did he go after that?
Esposito : Maybe check traffic cams in the area.
Esposito : A guy in a sports car like that might have blasted through some red lights.