Ryan : Aren't famous people crazy and narcissistic?
UNK: - I don't know. Got to ask Castle. - Where is Castle, anyway?
Castle : - Gonna need some new shirts. - No shirts.
Castle : - Good morning. - It's okay, Castle.
Beckett : You don't have to pretend to not be in a good mood for my sake.
Castle : Why should I be in a good mood? I mean, I'm a writer.
Castle : We famously brood.
Castle : - I should brood more. - You want to brood?
UNK: Forensics on Angel Santana's motorcycle are a bust.
UNK: There's no fingerprints. Nothing.
Beckett : We have no idea where Mann was after 2 : 30.
Castle : What about his car?
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito got a warrant this morning.
Beckett : But, seeing that he was poisoned after he parked it,
Beckett : chances are we won't find anything. And his financials were clear.
Beckett : He pays more in alimony in a day than I make in an entire year.
Beckett : There's no red flags on his phone records,
Beckett : and I re-interviewed all of his colleagues.
Beckett : No one has any idea why he was acting so paranoid.
Castle : You're not paranoid if someone's actually trying to kill you.
Castle : Hey, Tony. How's my favorite movie mogul?
Castle : Yes! Right? She'd be perfect for Nikki.
Castle : Yes, perfect. Thank you.
Beckett : That wasn't about Ellie Monroe, was it?
Castle : - Yeah. Why? - Oh.
UNK: What?
Beckett : That's why she was throwing herself at you.
Beckett : She wanted you to recommend her for the part.
Castle : - What? - And for the record,
Beckett : - she's nothing like Nikki Heat. - You just can't stand it
Castle : that a beautiful actress is actually interested in me.
Beckett : - Why would I care? - Exactly.
Castle : That's a good question. Why would you care?
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - I don't. - Fine.
UNK: - I'm going to go get some coffee. - Fine. I've got work to do.
Castle : - Break room's that way. - Desk.
Esposito : Beckett. Castle. Check this out.
Esposito : We just finished the sweep of Bobby's car. First off, the Bugatti?
Esposito : Holy shift! When you start this thing, you can feel it right...
Ryan : But as exciting as the car is,
Ryan : I think we figured out why Bobby Mann was so tweaked.
Ryan : Found this in his glove compartment.
Castle : That's Kayla. She's an intern at Bobby's show.
Ryan : Looks like she was doing more than interning.
Esposito : You should check out the back.
Castle : Blackmail, death threats, and scandal.
Beckett : That explains why his behavior was so erratic.
Castle : And probably why he was killed.
Kayla : It was last week. I stayed late to help Bobby with some bits.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who took that, Kayla?
Kayla : Must be someone who works on the show.
Beckett : Who just happened to have a camera
Beckett : and managed to catch the two of you in the act?
Beckett : Or were they tipped off, maybe?
Beckett : - Were you blackmailing Bobby? - Oh, my God, no.
Castle : He's three times your age and you are an intern on the show.
Castle : That adds up to embarrassment and scandal,
Castle : which I'm sure he'd pay a lot to avoid.
Kayla : No, I would never do that.
Kayla : We were in love.
Beckett : In love? Really? And how long were the two of you together?
Kayla : Three weeks this past Monday.
Castle : - Who else knew? - No one.
Kayla : Bobby and I kept it a secret.
Kayla : We didn't want my mom to find out.
Castle : - Your mom? - Who's your mom?
UNK: Ms. Marks bobby's Producer : He was banging my daughter right under my nose? I will kill him!
Castle : - He's already dead. - Well, I will kill him again!
UNK: Ms. Marks : - I don't care! Where's the corpse? - Ms. Marks, we just...
UNK: Ms. Marks : Kayla! My office! Now! Move it!
Kayla : Mom, you don't... Move it!
Hank : You realize if this gets out it'll destroy Bobby's reputation.
Beckett : We're not trying to add to an already difficult situation,