Beckett : we're just trying to find the killer.
Hank : Bobby wasn't an angel, but you look at the man in his entirety,
Hank : he deserves to be remembered with grace.
Hank : This business gets clouded by money, fame, ambition.
Hank : The only thing that Bobby really cared about was making people laugh.
Beckett : Well, whoever took this either works for the show
Beckett : or had access to this building.
Beckett : And maybe it was someone in a financial jam
Beckett : who was looking to score a quick buck,
Beckett : or maybe it's someone with a grudge against Bobby.
Hank : I can't imagine anyone doing that.
Hank : He was a great boss. Everyone loved him.
Castle : Yeah. And apparently, he loved them back.
Hank : Okay, Janine can get you a list of everyone on the crew
Hank : once she's done yelling at Kayla.
UNK: Poor kid. Who knows, she might've ended up being number seven.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : What have we got?
Ryan : Well, once we suspected blackmail, I ran through his financials again.
Beckett : - I thought they were clean. - Well, they were.
Ryan : But going back, we found this.
UNK: He spent a hundred grand on a kitchen reno.
Ryan : Totally legitimate. But we searched his brownstone.
Castle : And he wasn't renovating his kitchen.
Beckett : So who was on the receiving end of the hundred grand?
Ryan : - Zach Robinson. - Good bad-guy name.
UNK: Snaky "Z," hard "K." Even has "rob" in it.
Ryan : Good bad-guy rap sheet, too. Former lowlife private investigator.
Beckett : I remember this guy. He had some celebrity clients back in the day.
Beckett : He was known for digging up dirt on folks
Beckett : and turning it into a personal payday.
UNK: Did a nickel on multiple counts of extortion, wiretapping,
UNK: racketeering, and blackmail.
UNK: Well, Robinson must've gotten the picture from somebody on the inside.
UNK: Sure, figured it's worth a fast buck.
Castle : But if Bobby paid, why would he kill him?
Beckett : Bobby figured out that Robinson was a blackmailer,
Beckett : and then he threatened to take him to the cops.
Castle : Bobby pushes, Robinson pushes back harder.
Beckett : - Let's go pick him up. Easier said than done.
Ryan : Esposito already ran down his last known address.
Ryan : Robinson's in the wind.
Beckett : Well, let's keep looking.
Ellie : You are a bad man, Zach Robinson.
Ellie : A dirty, naughty, no-good blackmailer.
Castle : Do you do all your interrogations in bed, Detective Heat?
Ellie : You think this is funny, Robinson?
Castle : Okay, okay, no, I'll do whatever you want, Nikki.
Ellie : Okay, that's more like it.
UNK: Mmm.
Ellie : You are so sweet.
Ellie : - And brilliant. - Guilty.
Ellie : What are you thinking?
Castle : Nothing. It's ridiculous.
UNK: What? Come on, tell me. I want to know what goes on inside
UNK: that incredible mind of yours.
Castle : Well, since you put it that way.
Castle : I have this friend at work who thinks that
Castle : the only reason you're with me is, you know,
Castle : for the part in the movie.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Really?
Ellie : What does this friend of yours base that on?
UNK: You know what? I'm sorry, I shouldn't have repeated that.
Ellie : - Does this friend know me? - No.
Ellie : Has he read anything about me that would make him think
Ellie : that I would prostitute myself for a role?
UNK: No, of course not. You know, I... He's an idiot.
Ellie : Do you have any idea how hard it is to be a woman in Hollywood?
UNK: Ellie...
UNK: Beckett!
Castle : Oh, yeah. He looks like a Zach Robinson.
Castle : Where'd you find him?
Beckett : The boys caught up with him at a craps table at Mohegan Sun.
Castle : Already gambling away his hard-earned blackmail money.
Beckett : So, how was your date with your little starlet?
UNK: - How could you tell this time? - Like I said, Castle,
Beckett : trained detective.
Castle : Well, it went lovely.
Castle : - No thanks to you. - What did I have to do with it?
Castle : Pulled your Jedi mind trick on me. Made me doubt Ellie's honesty.
Castle : Foolishly, I told her what you said, made her cry.
Beckett : Castle, she's an actress. A professional liar.
Beckett : She's paid to cry on cue.
UNK: Zach Robinson : No. I've never seen this picture before.
Beckett : Really? You sure you didn't use it to blackmail Bobby Mann?
UNK: Blackmail. Fishing in the wrong pond, Detective.