Beckett : Bobby's producer said
UNK: that he locked himself in his office that morning.
Beckett : He was listening to the recording.
Castle : And then, they said he started acting paranoid after that.
Castle : So, what did he hear?
Zach : Am I good to go?
Ryan : Found the recordings in Mann's office, mixed in with his DVD collection.
Beckett : Heard anything yet that would explain
Beckett : why Mann was listening in on his boss?
Ryan : Nah. Just a bunch of talk about setting up breakfasts, lunches,
Ryan : dinners, and drinks with writers, actors, and directors.
Beckett : Where are we on the blackmail?
UNK: Oh, we got uniforms running down all show employees
UNK: who could've had access to the studio to take that photo.
Esposito : Yo. You guys are gonna want to hear this.
Castle : Well, no wonder Bobby thought Mickey was disloyal.
Beckett : And no wonder he thought someone wanted him dead. Someone did.
Beckett : Looks like you got your wish, Mr. Weisberg.
UNK: Lawyer Weisberg : Detective, none of the recordings are admissible in court.
UNK: Now, relax, Burt. I didn't kill anyone, okay?
Weisberg : Save it for when I actually do. Detective, I wasn't serious.
Beckett : Bobby thought you were.
UNK: Well, then maybe he shouldn't have been bugging my office.
UNK: Hell, in private, I issue a dozen death sentences a day
UNK: on under-performing, overpaid jackasses at my network.
UNK: Now, what I wanted was Mickey Reed pulled to 11 : 30,
UNK: but Bobby had an $80 million penalty on his contract.
Castle : Which still had another five years left on it.
Weisberg : Yeah. Now, what I did was lean on Bobby for a few months
Weisberg : to appeal to a younger audience.
Weisberg : But the worst thing that I did
Weisberg : was threaten to fire him and pay him the $80 mil.
Beckett : Mr. Weisberg, where were you between 1 : 30
UNK: and 4 : 30 a.m. The night of the murder?
Lawyer : - You don't have to answer that. - It's fine, Burt. Chill out.
Weisberg : I was at the Essex House hotel.
Beckett : - Were you with anyone? - As a matter of fact, I was.
Weisberg : This actress I was screwing wanted a part on one of my sitcoms.
Weisberg : I met her after Bobby's show.
Beckett : - I'm gonna need a name. - Sure.
Castle : Ellie Monroe.
Beckett : Thank you for coming by, Ms. Monroe.
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : Weisberg's alibi is good.
UNK: Well, go on, you can say it. "I told you so."
Castle : No, thanks. I'm actually not in a gloating mood.
Beckett : His alibi sets us back to square one.
Beckett : Which means we have no idea who the blackmailer is,
Beckett : and we don't know why Mann went to the comedy club
Beckett : and trashed Angel Santana's bike.
Beckett : We have no idea who the killer is.
Castle : Well, the good news is I can work all night.
Castle : No plans.
UNK: You know, it's late and I'm kind of tired.
Beckett : How about we pick this up in the morning?
Castle : All righty, then. And the boys'll be back on duty tomorrow,
Castle : to coin a phrase,
Castle : which would be inaccurate because you are not a boy.
Beckett : Is this some kind of a weird come-on?
Castle : I think I know what Bobby Mann was doing at that comedy club,
Castle : I think I know why he thought he was an awful person,
Castle : and I think I know who killed him.
Beckett : Mr. McPhee?
Hank : I was just going over my notes for the tribute.
UNK: Thirty-five years of friendship.
UNK: It's kind of hard to find just the right story to tell.