Beckett : Yeah, it's a bit of a Hail Mary, but it's worth a try.
Castle : Maybe we don't need traffic cams. Why not just the man on the street?
Castle : I mean, a celebrity in a Bugatti Veyron? Come on.
UNK: People aren't just going to notice that, they are going to talk about it.
Castle : Or, more specifically, tweet. And, boo-yah.
UNK: "1 : 37 a.m. Bobby Mann, FTW!
Beckett : "Just saw him driving some spaceship car into a garage
UNK: - "at Broadway and 57th." - On it.
Beckett : - "FTW"? - "For the win."
Castle : Means, "My tweet kicks your tweet's butt."
UNK: Come on, Beckett. You got to keep up, hang with the cool kids.
Beckett : I believe this is for you.
Castle : I'll just...
Castle : I'm just gonna take that. I'll only be a second.
Castle : Hey, Ellie.
Castle : Yes, yes, last night was great, wasn't it?
Castle : Yeah, I'd love to. Tonight, sure. All right, I'll see you then.
Beckett : More comforting?
UNK: Parking garage at 1525 Broadway confirms
UNK: Bobby Mann pulled in at 1 : 37 a.m. And he never came back for his car.
Beckett : And what's at 1525 Broadway?
Ryan : The park-view penthouse of Mickey Reed,
Castle : Oh, Mickey, not so fine.
UNK: Doorman let Bobby up to his place at 1 : 45 a.m.
UNK: Neighbors complained of a loud argument.
UNK: Bobby left a little after 2 : 00.
Beckett : So, Mickey lied to us.
Beckett : He saw Bobby somewhere right in the middle of our kill zone.
Castle : You think he was a good host, offered Bobby a drink?
Mickey : This set looks like an old-age home.
Mickey : Everything needs to be updated.
Mickey : No purple, no suede, no faux finish! And get rid of this stupid thing.
Beckett : Measuring drapes already, Mr. Reed?
Mickey : Like it or not, Detective,
Mickey : the network wants me to take over Bobby's time-slot next week,
Mickey : right after the tribute.
Mickey : I know it seems callous, but it's what Bobby would've wanted.
Castle : - Even over his dead body. - Excuse me?
Beckett : Why did you lie to us about seeing Mann the other night?
UNK: Okay, look, I'm sorry.
Mickey : But I lied because I didn't want it getting out.
Castle : That you two were fighting?
Mickey : It's hard enough filling the man's shoes around here.
Mickey : I don't need the tabloids writing about us getting into it
Mickey : on the night he died. So, I lied. So what?
Beckett : So, you lied to a cop.
Mickey : Let's be realistic. The guy died from a heart attack, right?
UNK: What?
Beckett : It was a heart attack that was a result of toxins in his system.
Beckett : Toxins that he ingested somewhere around the time that you saw him.
Mickey : So, you guys are saying that I killed Bobby? Why?
UNK: Well, it's no secret you were supposed to get his 11 : 30 slot,
UNK: but Bobby extended his contract. Maybe you couldn't wait.
Mickey : - You sound as demented as Bobby. - What do you mean?
UNK: The last time I saw him, we're best of pals, right?
Mickey : The other night, he comes over, he's ranting and raving,
Castle : talking about what a disloyal punk I'd been.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - Why? - Man, I don't know.
Mickey : All he kept saying was he knew things.
Mickey : And I'm like, "Bobby, what are you talking about?"
Mickey : He storms out, saying I knew what I'd done.
Beckett : CSUs at Mickey's apartment,
Beckett : running a sweep for our toxin.
UNK: Killing the King of Late Night to take his throne.
Castle : Did you want a bite of this?
UNK: The White House on speed dial. Hell, I'll sic God on you!
UNK: And you. I don't ever want to see you on my network again.
UNK: You're banned! And you...
UNK: I don't know you.