Castle : No crime scene. No clear place to begin the investigations.
UNK: Don't you just love poisonings?
Beckett : Especially a poisoning without poison. Whoever did this was very smart.
Beckett : Chose a murder weapon that's probably in half the kitchens in the city.
Castle : Good thing we're smart, too.
UNK: Thanks. That was Lanie.
UNK: Based on possible rates of fatal MAOI interactions,
UNK: she was able to narrow the window of poisoning
UNK: down between 1 : 30 and 4 : 30 in the morning.
UNK: That makes this
Beckett : our kill zone.
UNK: 1 : 30 to 4 : 30. What else?
Esposito : The lab said that there was no traces of cranberry juice
Esposito : or balsamic vinegar in the gum we found in Mann's pocket,
Esposito : so he must have chewed that before he was poisoned.
UNK: Well, we know he left the studio at 12 : 45.
Esposito : Which means he wasn't poisoned there.
Beckett : And we know that his home security records
Beckett : show that he never made it there.
UNK: 12 : 45 to 4 : 50 in the morning. Leaves in his car, is found on foot.
UNK: So, what was he doing that whole time?
Ryan : So, the vehicle locator in Mann's Bugatti is not sending a signal.
Esposito : Probably in an underground parking garage.
Beckett : Which means it could be anywhere.
Beckett : All right, check his cell phone, see if he made any calls last night,
Beckett : and then go to his brownstone.
Beckett : Castle and I will head to the studio and see what we can dig up there.
Beckett : - Oh, guys... - Yeah.
Beckett : No talk of murder. The longer we can keep this
Beckett : away from the press, the better off we'll be.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : I'm sorry. I don't know where he went after the show last night.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : What is this about, anyway? I thought Bobby
UNK: Bobby's Producer : died of a heart attack, right?
Beckett : We're just tying up loose ends for the coroner.
Castle : How was Mr. Mann acting recently? Did you notice anything unusual?
UNK: Bobby's Producer : No, he was great.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - Except yesterday. - What happened yesterday?
UNK: Bobby's Producer : I don't know. I mean, he spent the morning
UNK: Bobby's Producer : locked up in his office alone, and then the rest of the day
UNK: he was agitated. He was acting weird.
UNK: - "Weird" how? - Paranoid.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : At one point, he asked me if I had heard anything.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : And I said, "About what?" And he just shrugged it off.
Beckett : Were you aware that he was on powerful antidepressants?
Ellie : I mean, he tried to be very private about it,
UNK: Bobby's Producer : but when he went on them he had to quit drinking,
UNK: Bobby's Producer : and people wondered why.
Castle : So, word got around.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : You don't think that's what killed him, do you?
UNK: Something he ate or drank? He was very careful.
Beckett : Like I said, we're just following up.
Hank : I keep looking over at that curtain, you know?
Hank : Waiting for him to walk through, like this is all one big publicity stunt.
Castle : - The two of you were close, right? - Since before all this.
Hank : Since we were just kids together back in 'Nam.
Castle : So, he would've told you if there was anything wrong?
Hank : Like what?
Castle : Like if he was concerned for his well-being.
Hank : What's this all about? I thought he died of a heart attack.
Beckett : Just routine questioning, Mr. McPhee.
Beckett : You know, some of the people said
Beckett : that he seemed a little agitated recently.
Hank : Come to think of it, he was a little preoccupied.
Hank : I asked him about it after the show last night,
Hank : but he insisted he was fine.
UNK: Hank.
UNK: Mickey Reed : Man, I am so sorry.
UNK: - Nightmares really happen, huh? - Yeah.
Castle : Yes, of course. I'm a big fan.
Castle : I love your whole "Booty Roulette" gag. That's great.
Castle : - I'm Rick... - Castle.
UNK: Yeah, saw you on the show last night.
Beckett : - I'm Detective Kate Beckett. - Nice to meet you.
Beckett : So, do either of you know where Bobby went after the show last night?
Beckett : We're trying to track his last hours for the coroner's report.
Mickey : No clue.
Hank : I think he said something about going to see his ex-wife.
Castle : Did he say which one?
Beckett : How many ex-wives did he have?
UNK: Six. Ranging in ages from 25 to 50.
Ryan : Seems every five years, he traded in for the latest model.
Beckett : So, he didn't so much marry them as lease them.
Ryan : So I ran all their names through the system,
Ryan : and guess what popped up?
Ryan : Seems Wife Number Five here
Ryan : was arrested over an altercation with Bobby at a restaurant uptown.
Castle : She's got crazy eyes.
Esposito : There's more. According to the doorman in her building,
Esposito : Bobby Mann was there last night after the show.
Beckett : Mrs. Mann, when was the last time you saw your ex-husband?