Beckett : He knew he needed to find someone younger and hipper
UNK: if he was going to survive.
Castle : Someone like Angel Santana.
Castle : Weisberg confirmed that she was on the network's shortlist.
Beckett : That's why it wasn't "boys" anymore, Hank.
Castle : 'Cause Angel's a girl.
Hank : This is ridiculous. Bobby would never fire me.
Castle : - Then why did you kill him? - I didn't!
UNK: We ran your credit cards, Hank.
Beckett : The night that he was murdered, you went to a 24-hour grocery store
UNK: and bought two things, cranberry juice and balsamic vinegar.
UNK: It's time-stamped. 1 : 56 a.m.
Castle : And I'm betting if we test your keys,
Castle : we'll find metal from Angel Santana's motorcycle,
Castle : where you scratched in "late night bitch."
Hank : He told me that night, just before he left the studio.
Hank : How he'd heard Weisberg say they were going to bury him
Hank : unless he made a change.
UNK: Thirty-five years I had his back,
Hank : he was gonna toss me aside like one of his ex-wives.
Hank : Humiliate me in front of the whole country.
Hank : I knew it was coming. I saw the little signs,
Hank : the awkward moments in the hall.
Hank : I sent him that picture of him and Kayla to remind him of all the secrets I kept.
Hank : You know what he said?
Hank : The scandal would only help his ratings.
Beckett : You bought your poison and you followed him to the club.
Hank : I confronted him when he came out.
Hank : I told him not to throw away everything we'd built.
Hank : He told me he couldn't save me.
Hank : Weisberg was going younger with or without him.
Castle : Well, if you knew he didn't have a choice, why did you kill him?
Hank : Because he did have another choice! Go down with the ship!
Hank : We both go out gracefully, and Bobby gets 80 million bucks.
Hank : Instead of him continuing the show with some kid.
Hank : I gave him over 4,000 shows,
Hank : laughing at every lousy joke he cracked whether they were funny or not.
UNK: Jeez...
Beckett : So, how did you manage it?
Hank : When I knew I couldn't change his mind, I told him
Hank : I understood.
Hank : We walked over to the West Side Highway,
Hank : sat on a bench, looked out at the water,
Hank : talked about what a great run we'd had.
Hank : Then, I offered him a drink.
Hank : He was my best friend.
Hank : You don't do that to your friend.
Castle : Yet another example
Castle : of why you shouldn't mix business with pleasure.
Castle : Even show business.
Castle : Are you talking about the case or yourself?
UNK: So, you wanna go for a victory lap and grab a burger?
UNK: Can't. Got to go. Big date.
Beckett : You're kidding, right? You're going out with Ellie Monroe
Beckett : even though you know the only reason that
Beckett : she was interested in you was for a part?
Beckett : Have you lost all sense of human decency and self...
Castle : - What? - My big date is with Alexis.
Castle : She's getting back from her trip.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Right on time, Alexis.
Castle : Sacagawea has returned!
Castle : And you are not Sacagawea, but...
Castle : - Come in. - Thanks.
Ellie : I'm headed back to LA, and I just wanted to say sorry.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : But the truth is, I've never had so much fun being used.
Castle : You feel free to have at me anytime.
Ellie : Well, I guess you'll rescind your recommendation
Ellie : of me to your producers, and that is the least I deserve.
Castle : No. Tony thinks you are great for it. And so do I.
Castle : You are a better actress than I thought when I recommended you.
Ellie : Well, you should know I wasn't acting the whole time.
Castle : Me neither.
Ellie : - Thanks, Rick. Take care. - You, too.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Hey. Dad, was that...
Castle : My Sacagawea has returned! Oh, my God, my best girl!
Castle : I missed you so much! Oh, my God, I'm so glad you're home.
Alexis : I missed you, too, Dad.
Castle : - You're not just saying that, are you? - What...
UNK: Ms. Marks : I don't care.
Castle : - Tell me you're hungry. - I'm starving!
Castle : Come with me. Tell me everything!