UNK: that makes you think we've got time for protocol?
Cuddy : Protocol has saved your patient from having his
Cuddy : thyroid destroyed and his blood drained.
House : If you think I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong. Don't talk about protocol.
Cuddy : My job's on the line. Your job is on the line.
House : Okay, here's what you do.
House : You wait three minutes, then you call security.
UNK: By the time they get in here to lock me up, I'll be done.
UNK: He gets to live. Your ass gets to be covered.
Cuddy : If he dies, let me know, so I can pack my things.
Cuddy : Tests are negative. Patient's negative for all floral allergies.
UNK: I'm going to restart the antibiotics.
Cuddy : If he's still alive.
UNK: Ampicillin, two grams, IV.
Foreman : Why? The steroids worked. House was right.
House : The test was negative.
Foreman : He was still right.
Foreman : It was an allergy.
House : To what?
Evan : Thank you.
House : I was wrong.
House : You should have stopped me.
Conway : Heard about House's patient. Bold move.
Conway : And you backed him.
Cuddy : He was right.
Conway : He wasn't even in the same neighborhood as right.
Cuddy : The patient's alive.
Conway : Okay, the rules exist because 95% of the time,
UNK: for 95% of people, they're the right thing to do.
Cuddy : And the other 5%?
Conway : Have to live by the same rules.
Conway : Because everybody thinks they're in that 5%.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I noticed that Dr. Chase...
Amber : What are you doing out here?
Wilson : I can't sleep. I hate the waterbed.
Amber : I actually kind of like it.
Wilson : No, it's awful.
Wilson : We're returning it tomorrow.
UNK: Okay.
Amber : I'm glad you got it, though.
Wilson : Me, too.
Wilson : I hope they'll take it back.
Wilson : They will.
Anna : You promised me you'd stop drinking.
Brock : Of course I'm drunk, Anna. They told me you'd never wake up from that coma.
Anna : But how could you get engaged to my sister?
Brock : We fell in love.
Brock : What do you want from me, Anna? I'm just a man.
Anna : And I'm just a woman.
Anna : And as thrilled as I am about The Lady Slipper being
Anna : the best nightclub Port Lawrence has ever seen...
UNK: Hello. Don't hang up.
House : What was the verdict?
Cuddy : $200,000 fine.
House : You should have been fired.
Cuddy : Good night, House.
House : There are bubbles in his glass.
UNK: Can this wait until...
UNK: My patient. He's allergic to quinine.
Cuddy : And you got this from bubbles?
UNK: His symptoms started two months ago.
UNK: That's also when Brock started downing gin and tonics like a Brit staving off malaria.
House : Gin was fake, the tonic was real.
Cuddy : And tonic water is loaded with quinine.
Cuddy : Nice job.
House : You should have been fired.
Cuddy : I'm taking back the TV.
House : I saved his life.
Cuddy : That wasn't the deal.
House : The contract clearly stated no takesie-backsies.
Cuddy : Good night, House.
House : What are you wearing?
Cuddy : Good night, House.
House : Good night, Cuddy.