Evan : Just let me go. I won't press charges. I'll forget the whole thing.
House : That's probably true, seeing as how you have a brain tumor.
Evan : You're that nut-job doctor that keeps calling my publicist.
House : Actually, I'm the nut-job Head of Diagnostic Medicine.
Evan : I run every day. I don't get headaches. I'm fine. So, if you don't mind...
House : Actually, I do mind.
House : I don't care if you die, but if Brock Sterling dies,
House : Anna never finds out he's the father of Marie's baby.
UNK: Help!
House : We're gonna need a wheelchair here!
House : Look, in the last month,
House : your average line reading has slowed from 2.1 seconds to 2.9.
House : You're pausing more, always at the same interval,
House : every seven to nine words,
House : which means you're having trouble reading one side of the teleprompter,
House : which means a peripheral vision problem,
House : which means a tumor in your occipital lobe.
House : Just one test. If there's nothing wrong, I'll take you right back home.
Evan : Make it cab fare. I don't want you anywhere near my house.
House : Just put it in my spot.
Cuddy : The Accreditation Board is here to protect us and our patients.
Cuddy : So, in dealing with the onsite inspector,
UNK: please behave as if it wasn't also an enormous pain in the ass. Thank you.
Cuddy : Chase, Foreman, Cameron, up here, please.
Cuddy : Why is House driving a limo?
UNK: Don't know. Don't have to know.
UNK: Don't care. Wrong.
Cuddy : Until this inspection is over you're back on House-watch.
Cuddy : Current case. Past cases.
Foreman : He doesn't have a current case.
Cameron : I have a whole department.
UNK: And are you going to fire us if we don't?
UNK: I was just asking for your help.
Cuddy : The last time I checked the ER, you had the best-kept charts in the building.
UNK: Last time I checked the 4th-floor janitor's closet, I found House's charts.
Cuddy : He hasn't filed anything since you left.
Cuddy : Now, House may not care whether this hospital's accreditation gets downgraded,
Cuddy : but the people who sign my paychecks do. So, I repeat : Current. Past.
Foreman : He doesn't have a current case.
Cuddy : Did he tell you about the limo?
Evan : So, I just press this button every time I see a light?
House : Tells me where your blind spots are.
House : So, the twins,
UNK: they're going to turn out to be yours, aren't they?
Evan : I told you, I can't talk about that stuff.
House : But you want to be done with this, right?
Evan : One's mine, one's Julio's.
House : I knew it!
House : Julio knocked her up before her appendix burst. You got her after.
Evan : How can you watch that stuff?
UNK: Because it's awesome.
Evan : It's preposterous, not one real moment since I've been on the show.
House : As opposed to shows that represent the world exactly the way it is, like...
House : Can't think of any.
Foreman : What's going on?
House : Hospital is being inspected, and Cuddy dispatched you to keep an eye on me.
House : I just parked a Town Car in an ambulance bay,
House : and instead of ripping me one, Cuddy acted like she didn't know me.
House : It's either an inspection or an aneurysm.
Evan : What's the test say?
House : As I suspected,
House : you have significant losses in the upper right quadrant of your visual field.
Evan : Are you serious?
House : No, it's a joke.
House : Two guys go into a bar,
House : and one has significant losses in the upper right quadrant of his visual field.
UNK: The other one says you're going to need an MRI
House : to confirm the type and location of the tumor.
Foreman : That readout says his vision's fine.
House : No, it doesn't.
Foreman : Yes, it does.
Evan : You lied to me?
UNK: I kidnapped you, and you're surprised that I lied to you?
House : It just means that the symptoms are intermittent.