House : No, you're afraid to change.
House : You'd rather imagine that you can escape, instead of actually try,
UNK: because if you fail, you've got nothing.
House : So, you'll give up the chance at something real,
UNK: so you that can hold on to hope.
House : Thing is, hope is for sissies.
Evan : When I get out of here, I'm not going to be afraid anymore.
Evan : I mean, how many guys get a second chance?
House : Too many. Half the people I save don't deserve a second chance.
Evan : Now that I've got mine, I'm going to set things right.
UNK: I'm going to start by being a better father to you and to your sister.
UNK: House And Evan : And to your other sister. And to your other sister.
House : You realize you're reciting lines from last season?
UNK: We're going to do all the things I promised.
Evan : Just help me get out of this bed.
House : Cooling blankets in here. This guy's brain is about to boil.
House : Do you know where you are? What's your name?
Evan : Dr. Brock Sterling.
Thirteen : Fever rules out autoimmune. He's septic. He's got a massive infection.
Kutner : We've got him on broad-spectrum antibiotics,
Kutner : but he's slipped from delirium into a coma.
UNK: Good news is last time Brock was in a coma, he fathered two children.
Foreman : We need to identify the infection and get him on more targeted meds fast.
Kutner : What about pneumococcus? Causes heart problems and sepsis.
UNK: But not the neuropathies in his foot and eyes. What about tetanus? It fits.
UNK: He got a tetanus booster last year. Lyme disease?
Kutner : He would have been sore all over.
Taub : There's a thousand infections that could have caused this.
Taub : We can start testing, but he'll be dead before the cultures grow.
Foreman : Unless it's a fungus. We could see that under a microscope.
UNK: Test for fungi, parasites, all creatures great and small.
Evan : Where are you going?
House : To lie down. I need to think.
House : Could be rat bite fever, but his glands aren't swollen.
UNK: Which one are you going to get?
Wilson : She told me to get the one I want.
House : So get it.
House : Listeria explains the sepsis, possibly also the heart problem.
Wilson : But not the numbness.
House : If the listeria caused encephalomyelitis, which then caused the numbness...
Wilson : I want a waterbed.
UNK: Wow.
Wilson : I've always wanted one. I know it's ridiculous, it's just
Wilson : there's something nice about the thought of being rocked to sleep in water.
Wilson : No mocking? No Freudian analysis of how the waterbed
Wilson : is really a great big vagina I want to crawl into?
House : I'm ignoring you because you make me sad.
House : He's on ampicillin, which means if it was listeria,
UNK: he would've shown some improvement.
Wilson : No, it's a whole thing. You need special sheets and insurance and...
House : Who cares? You wanted one your whole life.
UNK: You're a grown-up. You can afford it. Stores sell them.
Wilson : Most adults don't go through life like you do, House,
Wilson : indulging our every whim.
UNK: Then you don't deserve to be happy.
Wilson : And yet I am. You?
UNK: Wilson continues : Amber will think it's stupid.