Marie : Are you really a doctor?
House : Glioblastoma. Need more proof?
House : So, no toxins on the set. What about his regular life?
House : Unusual hobbies? Unsavory friends?
Marie : No, I've been out with him. He's as vanilla as they come.
House : And by "out" you mean...
Marie : Well, I asked him on a date last month.
Marie : We went out a few times, but we weren't right for each other.
House : Too small or too large?
Marie : Is that medically relevant?
House : I'm a doctor, and it's relevant to me, so, yes.
Marie : We never got that far.
UNK: We made out awhile, then he said he should go home.
Marie : He's a real gentleman.
House : Now, that'd be interesting.
House : He's impotent.
UNK: A steady diet of sunflower seeds causes a B6 toxicity,
UNK: which causes autonomic dysregulation, which causes a wood-free existence.
Kutner : One bad night and a couple of sunflower seeds
UNK: and he's got autonomic dysregulation?
House : It's more than just one.
House : He can't even remember the last time he was able to salute. It's cool, huh?
Thirteen : B6 wouldn't show up on a tox screen, and we didn't find anything at the house.
House : So, all we have to do is filter the B6 out of his blood.
House : Prep him for plasmapheresis.
Cameron : Just because he didn't salute doesn't mean he can't.
House : Can you find out where that voice keeps coming from
House : and tell it to get out of my head?
Kutner : The impotence could be psychological. He's depressed, hates his job...
Thirteen : Plasmapheresis has risks.
UNK: He should spend a night in the sleep lab, see if he gets a reflex erection.
House : Confirmation is for wimps and altar boys.
House : We don't need to wait for a reflex.
House : If he can't get engorged the way God intended, then he can't get engorged.
Cameron : I'm not showing him my boobs.
House : Lack of response to your chest tells us nothing.
House : Thirteen, show him...
House : Where can I find a decent set of knockers around here?
Cameron : Your porn's in the second drawer.
UNK: All set. Heart monitor, blood-pressure monitor, and the one on his junk.
Evan : This is humiliating.
Thirteen : We're going to close the blinds to give you some privacy.
Thirteen : The instruments will let us monitor your response.
Kutner : I don't get this guy. He has the coolest gig ever, but he's miserable about it.
UNK: Probably figures quitting won't do him any good.
Thirteen : Figures he'd be unhappy anywhere.
Kutner : Our circumstances affect whether we're...
Thirteen : You're pretty happy in this job, right?
UNK: Sure.
Thirteen : Have you ever had a job where you were miserable?
Kutner : I once sold men's fragrances in a department store.
Thirteen : And were you miserable?
Kutner : The pay was awful.
Thirteen : It was a miserable job, but you weren't miserable.
Kutner : So, what about you? Are you happy?
Thirteen : Not particularly.
Thirteen : Heart rate and BP are climbing.
Kutner : Got some activity on the tumescence monitor, too.
Thirteen : There's nothing wrong with his naughty. It's not B6 toxicity.
Thirteen : Did he just finish?
Kutner : Sometimes when you haven't, you know, for a while...
UNK: His heart rate is through the roof. 220 and climbing.
Kutner : He's headed for cardiac arrest.
Kutner : We shocked his heart back into sinus rhythm.
Kutner : He's stable, at least for now.
Thirteen : Could be some sort of atypical septic reaction.
Foreman : Not without a fever.
UNK: Thus the word "atypical. "
House : In that case, it could be an atypical bunion.
Kutner : He used to smoke. Could be paraneoplastic syndrome caused by small-cell lung cancer.
UNK: He quit 20 years ago, and his calcium levels are normal.
Cameron : Could be Graves' Disease.
UNK: Extreme hyperthyroidism leads to systemic problems,
Cameron : including numbness, vision loss and cardiac arrest.
House : You want to be here.
Cameron : I have to be here.
House : Just say the word. I'll fire Thirteen.
Cameron : Just sign the forms.
House : Smart move. I was bluffing.
House : She's right. We should fry the thyroid before it fries him.
Taub : I know it's more exciting this way, but shouldn't we confirm you're right
Taub : before destroying one of the most important glands in his body?
House : If that gland has drawn a bull's-eye on his heart, then, no.
Cameron : Nuking his thyroid puts him at risk for vascular lesions and all kinds of cancer.