UNK: Greg House : You can tell all the ladies at the Mikvah about this.
UNK: Roz Viner : What did you do?
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : What are you doing?
UNK: Greg House : Put your hand here. Press hard.
UNK: Greg House : You have nephroptosis. Also known as "floating kidney. "
UNK: The kidney is like a chandelier.
UNK: Greg House : It's attached to a ceiling of intestines and blood vessels.
UNK: But your contractor, I think you know who he is, he hung it with a cheap chain.
UNK: Greg House : It's been hanging sloppy for years.
UNK: Greg House : Finally, something shook it loose.
UNK: Greg House : After that, every time you stood,
UNK: Greg House : your kidney dropped a few centimeters.
UNK: That caused all of your symptoms.
Thirteen : None of the scans picked it up.
UNK: Greg House : Because we do scans with patients lying down.
UNK: She would have been lying down in surgery, too. They'd never have found it.
UNK: Greg House : Good chance she'd never come out.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : She'll be all right?
UNK: Greg House : Ultrasound to confirm.
UNK: Greg House : Then, tell Chase, to put the kidney back on the shelf.
UNK: Greg House : The bleed will be nearby.
UNK: Roz Viner : That's it?
UNK: Jewish Guest : Mazel tov.
UNK: Greg House : Couple hours surgery,
UNK: Greg House : you'll be ready to push out those 14 children.
UNK: Greg House : You do it both ways, right?
UNK: What? The ultrasound.
UNK: Greg House : You do it standing up and lying down.
UNK: Greg House : What else would I mean?
UNK: Greg House : I've decided you could do worse than a female proxy for me.
UNK: James Wilson : So, you're going to acknowledge that people can change?
UNK: No. You think I've changed
UNK: or Amber's changed? Nope.
UNK: James Wilson : Then, you've changed.
UNK: Greg House : If you do change, can it be the part of you that chases me down halls
UNK: Greg House : trying to change me?
UNK: James Wilson : Do you know what this means?
UNK: Greg House : That you made one good dating choice.
UNK: The fabric of the space-time continuum could unravel.
UNK: James Wilson : My world could expand. I could form
UNK: James Wilson : a long-term connection, that isn't with you.
UNK: James Wilson : And since you put the darkest possible construction on everything,
UNK: James Wilson : you could end up losing a friend.
UNK: James Wilson : You've thought of all this.
UNK: James Wilson : And yet, you're going along with it.
UNK: James Wilson : Are you being self-sacrificing?
UNK: Greg House : I'll sacrifice a lab rat.
UNK: Greg House : I'll sacrifice a fly.
UNK: I'll sacrifice $200 on a mudder at Monmouth Park.
UNK: Greg House : I don't sacrifice self.
UNK: Shabbat shalom, Wilson.
UNK: Shabbat shalom, House.