UNK: Roz Viner : Says what's important is the person that I am now, not the person I was then.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : How do you go all the way from...
UNK: I just took a class.
UNK: Roz Viner : Then I took another class.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : And you just completely left the music business?
UNK: Roz Viner : Pop music is considered frivolous.
UNK: Roz Viner : Same reason we don't watch TV or go to movies.
Thirteen : Your drug use may have caused some long-term damage.
UNK: We're going to need to take a hair sample to test for latent toxins.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : So, you can never watch Star Wars again.
UNK: You figure that I'll hire you, if you promise to dump Wilson.
UNK: How did you... Wilson had a key.
UNK: Greg House : You figure that I'll make your life hell at first,
UNK: Greg House : but I'll eventually see how good you are and keep you.
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's a good plan, don't you think? Perfectly tailored to your personality.
UNK: Greg House : No, it's not. You know it's not.
UNK: Means you just want to stay in my orbit,
UNK: because you figure I'll eventually realize that I made a mistake
UNK: and you'll be able to rub my face in it.
UNK: I can't wait. It's going to be awesome.
UNK: Greg House : No, it's not. And you know it's not.
UNK: Greg House : 'Cause you know that even if I made a mistake,
UNK: Greg House : I'd never admit that I made a mistake.
UNK: Greg House : Which means that you're just toying with Wilson to toy with me.
UNK: Greg House : Your goal is pure feral vengeance.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Innocent bystander, but there's a greater good.
UNK: Greg House : No, that's not it.
UNK: Greg House : Because a bag of flaming poop bypasses the bystander.
UNK: Amber Volakis : So, which is it, House?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Am I in this for you? Or am I in this for him?
UNK: Greg House : Give him back his sweatshirt.
UNK: Greg House : Pit stains don't become you.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Treatment had no effect, rules out endometriosis,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : and her hair sample was negative for residue drugs.
UNK: Chris Taub : This woman lived in the fast lane till six months ago.
UNK: Chris Taub : Maybe we're missing something. She admitted drug use.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Doubt she's holding out on her days as an asbestos miner.
UNK: Chris Taub : Cryoglobulinemia might account for the symptoms.
UNK: Greg House : Except for the one you missed.
UNK: Well, there's no change in her condition.
UNK: Greg House : I'm not talking about a new symptom,
UNK: Greg House : I'm talking about one that presented six months ago.
UNK: Chris Taub : Look, she's nuts. But we can't just give her 10 cc of atheism and send her home.
UNK: Greg House : Religion is a symptom of irrational belief and groundless hope.
UNK: Greg House : Altered mental status, on the other hand, is a symptom of porphyria.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : She didn't develop uncontrollable anger, crying, anxiety,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : she just decided to go to Temple.
UNK: The woman didn't just choose to keep kosher.
UNK: Greg House : She went directly to the extremes of Hasidism and a life of stringent rules.
UNK: Greg House : She became a masochist.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : She didn't like her old life, so she changed it.
UNK: Greg House : People don't change.
UNK: Greg House : They might want to, might even need to, but...
UNK: Taub gave up a six-figure plastic surgery career for this job.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : That mean he has porphyria?
UNK: Greg House : He switched jobs to save his marriage. He did it to avoid change.
UNK: Chris Taub : He's right. You don't suddenly choose crazy without suddenly being crazy.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : No. No. If she walked away from everything,
UNK: to go base-jumping or live with apes
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : we wouldn't be having this discussion.
UNK: Greg House : We would if she was also tinkling blood out of her over-excited bladder.
UNK: Greg House : Pump Hadassah full of hematin and give her a phlebotomy.
UNK: Bloodletting?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Porphyria is a rare genetic disorder
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : that causes an over-production of a certain protein.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Draining the blood relieves...
UNK: A hair test for damage from drugs showed she has a rare genetic disease?