Thirteen : I take it you're feeling better.
UNK: Roz Viner : Still weak, but, yeah.
UNK: Roz Viner : You must be so tired. You should go home and get some sleep.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I'll stay.
UNK: Roz Viner : I never told you, but you are much better looking than Mrs. Silver led me to expect.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : She never liked me. When I was eight,
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I threw up on her shoes at my uncle's wedding.
UNK: Your abdomen's a little swollen.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Is it serious?
Thirteen : It's hard to say. Sometimes it can mean a liver issue. We'll have to test.
UNK: Roz Viner : Oh. Oh, dizziness is getting...
Thirteen : She's going into shock, I need another liter of saline! Type and cross two units!
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : What's happening to her?
Thirteen : She's bleeding internally.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : She's saying the Sh'ma. She thinks she's dying.
UNK: The MRA shows you're bleeding internally, but not where it's coming from.
UNK: Robert Chase : The blood can only keep you stable for so long.
UNK: Robert Chase : Our best option is to open you up and search.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : But you can fix it.
UNK: Robert Chase : If we find the leak.
UNK: Roz Viner : You find the bleeding, you find the disease?
UNK: No.
UNK: Robert Chase : But it could keep you alive long enough
UNK: Robert Chase : so Dr. House can find what's wrong with you.
UNK: No.
UNK: Roz Viner : I don't want to have the surgery.
UNK: Robert Chase : It's the only chance you've got.
UNK: Roz Viner : I don't want to have the surgery until after sunset.
UNK: I'm probably going to die, anyway.
UNK: I just want to share one Shabbat with my husband.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Roz, please. The Torah commands us to preserve life.
UNK: I waited 38 years to find what I wanted.
UNK: Roz Viner : I can wait another eight hours.
UNK: And I'll leave the rest to God, okay?
UNK: I had her rabbi call. She's adamant.
UNK: Greg House : She's not a masochist. She's suicidal.
UNK: Greg House : Nice work, Chase.
UNK: Robert Chase : Yeah, I should have had twin rabbis call. Can I go?
UNK: Greg House : We need you.
UNK: Greg House : So, instead of a few days, we now have a few hours to figure this out.
UNK: Nice work, Chase. Why do you need me?
UNK: Greg House : Saying, "Nice work, Chase" when you're not here is pointless.
UNK: Greg House : Seriously. We need you.
Thirteen : We should X-ray for malformations of the rib that could cause arterial twisting.
UNK: Greg House : Malformations don't cause bloody urine.
UNK: Chris Taub : She's not suicidal.
UNK: Chris Taub : She made a commitment to a new life with her husband,
UNK: Chris Taub : and she wants one meaningful experience in that life.
UNK: Eric Foreman : She just met the guy.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Taub just met her and he's already so in love he's ready to let her die
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : and take her back to the home planet for a burial in the lava sea of Tormiad.
UNK: Chris Taub : It's who he might be.
UNK: Chris Taub : She's connecting with all the years she's not going to have.
UNK: A better way of connecting to those years is to actually have them.
UNK: Robert Chase : You want more time?
UNK: Robert Chase : Joshua got God to make the sun stand still. No reason God can't speed it up.
UNK: Robert Chase : And by God, I, of course, mean you.