UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Not exactly. We're testing her now to confirm.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : You're treating it before you confirm it?
UNK: Blood test results take 24 hours.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : You must have seen something that makes you suspect it.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Dr. House has a theory.
UNK: Roz Viner : A theory based on what?
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : We'd like a different doctor.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I assure you that Dr. House is our best...
UNK: Then we will settle for second best.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Someone who doesn't think my wife is sick just because she's religious.
UNK: Greg House : If you prefer, I can give your wife my second-best diagnosis.
UNK: Did you know Wilson's dating Amber?
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I have reviewed the chart.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Someone on your team must have pointed out
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : that cryoglobulinemia also fits the symptoms.
UNK: Yes. It fits many of the symptoms.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : My wife's body is sick. Her mind and soul are fine.
UNK: Greg House : You live according to God's 600 commandments, right?
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Six hundred thirteen.
UNK: Do you understand them all?
UNK: It takes a lifetime of learning.
UNK: Greg House : But you follow the ones you don't understand,
UNK: Greg House : because the ones you do understand make sense and you believe
UNK: Greg House : that the guy who created them knows what he's doing.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Of course.
UNK: Greg House : So, you will trust my diagnosis, and you'll let me treat her,
UNK: because in this Temple, I am Dr. Yahweh.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I want a new doctor.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I'm starting her on indomethacin for the cryoglobulinemia.
UNK: Greg House : People don't change.
UNK: For example, I'm going to keep repeating, "People don't change. "
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : So, alcoholics that successfully go through treatment don't exist.
UNK: Greg House : They're still alcoholics.
UNK: If they never take another drink as long as they live,
UNK: it's only because they didn't live long enough.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : If you're dissatisfied with your life, changing it is a symptom of mental health.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I get why that concept is strange to you.
Thirteen : O2 sats are 85. She's hypoxic. We might need to intubate.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : What's wrong with her?
UNK: Well, it's definitely not cryoglobulinemia.
UNK: Greg House : Better ask him.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : We kept her on oxygen overnight.
UNK: Her respiratory rate's stabilized and her O-sat's back up to 95.
UNK: I saw Amber drop off Wilson this morning.
UNK: Greg House : Yes. The male always drives the female.
UNK: Greg House : So what caused the breathing problem?
Thirteen : Pulmonary involvement rules out porphyria.
UNK: Chris Taub : She kiss him or he kiss her?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I missed it. The lab tech with the tongue stud also pulled up.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Wegener's would explain her elevated sed rate.
UNK: Greg House : Wegener's wouldn't explain the changed mental status.
Thirteen : Actually, we've been trying to ignore that part of the white board.
UNK: Greg House : I wrote it in black. I'm always serious when I use black.
UNK: Greg House : Lupus would explain... Maybe she didn't change.
UNK: Greg House : Are you agreeing with me, or are you making a point?
Thirteen : I'm making a point.
UNK: That's going to take longer.
Thirteen : How do we know that the real Roz isn't who she is now and who she was then?
Thirteen : Can't we say that her previous life was true, without making her present one a fraud?
UNK: The "life is messy" argument. Nice. Explains everything without explaining anything.
UNK: Greg House : If it's lupus, there's a heart problem we don't know about yet.
UNK: Greg House : Run her through a stress test. If she has a heart attack, I'm right.
UNK: Chris Taub : Or we could wait, hope that...
UNK: Greg House : You're afraid to give her a heart attack.
UNK: Chris Taub : Of course we're afraid to...
UNK: Greg House : No reason to be afraid.
UNK: Greg House : Unless you think I'm right.
UNK: Chris Taub : It's Wegener's.
UNK: Chris Taub : But we'll have the crash cart, just in case.
UNK: Greg House : Oh, my God! What are you guys doing here?
UNK: Greg House : I had a sudden yen for fusion.
UNK: James Wilson : I put a different restaurant in my date book. I'm firing my assistant.
UNK: That's okay. Hi, Greg.