UNK: The apes are the humans. Humans are the apes.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : It's Wacky Wednesday, opposite day.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : When you stand up, your BP and heart rate are supposed to go up. Not...
UNK: Got it. So, what causes bloody urine, loss of bladder control, leg pain,
UNK: Greg House : altered mental status and pressure-blood in direction-wrong?
UNK: Pheochromocytoma?
UNK: Greg House : Low catecholamines in the urine
UNK: Greg House : means no pheochromocytoma in the Jewess.
Thirteen : Could be systemic sclerosis.
UNK: Greg House : Mental status.
Thirteen : She was praying.
UNK: Greg House : She was in pain. You no longer think she's crazy?
UNK: Chris Taub : I can see why she'd be attracted to that life.
UNK: Greg House : You drank the Manishewitz-flavored Kool-Aid.
UNK: Chris Taub : I'm not saying I agree. I'm just saying...
UNK: Greg House : That there's a rational basis for the irrational.
UNK: They have something that we don't have.
UNK: Greg House : Imaginary friends.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : If the toaster's not working, wiring could be bad.
UNK: Greg House : Which debate is that metaphor supposed to help us with?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Electrical problem in the heart.
UNK: Arrhythmia messes with her blood flow when she stands,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : causes low BP and heart rate.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Could also impact mental status, everybody's happy.
UNK: Greg House : Run an EP study of her heart. Find where the wiring's verklempt.
UNK: I went by your hotel this morning. They told me you moved out.
UNK: You moved in with CB?
UNK: James Wilson : No. Apparently, I moved in with you.
UNK: Greg House : The very fact that you're resisting my insight proves to me that...
UNK: James Wilson : House. You're right.
UNK: James Wilson : Why not? Why not date you? It's brilliant.
UNK: We've know each other for years,
UNK: James Wilson : we've put up with all kinds of crap from each other,
UNK: James Wilson : and we keep coming back. We're a couple.
UNK: Greg House : Are we still speaking metaphorically?
UNK: James Wilson : Amber is exactly what I need.
UNK: James Wilson : And you would agree if you weren't mired in self-loathing,
UNK: James Wilson : topped with a thin crust of megalomania.
UNK: Greg House : Hey. That's my best friend's girl you're talking about.
UNK: James Wilson : I was wrong.
UNK: James Wilson : House. You're right.
UNK: Greg House : She's not me. Well, she is me. But, that's not why she's attractive.
UNK: Greg House : She's a needy version of me.
UNK: It's hard to imagine such a mythical creature.
UNK: Greg House : You started seeing her right after I fired her.
UNK: James Wilson : I started seeing her four months ago.
UNK: Greg House : She told Kutner it was four weeks.
UNK: Greg House : You lied to me. There was money on the line.
UNK: James Wilson : Because I knew how you'd react and I knew you wouldn't pay me, anyway.
UNK: Greg House : You knew that I was right.
UNK: James Wilson : She wasn't needy. She was in a bad situation.
UNK: James Wilson : There's a difference.
UNK: Greg House : Not to your libido.
UNK: James Wilson : Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Why are you doing this?
UNK: James Wilson : Every time I agree with you, you find a new argument.
UNK: James Wilson : What are you trying to avoid?
UNK: James Wilson : Well, if you'd looked at me with those flashing eyes before I was involved...
UNK: C'est la vie.
UNK: And I use the French because you're an ass.
UNK: Chris Taub : Right atrium normal, no arrhythmia.
UNK: You can become a D'har Master. Does that require further explanation?
UNK: Chris Taub : Right ventricle normal.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : In college, I was really into science fiction.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Not like the guys with the $600 prosthetic ears,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : who could swear in Romulan.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : That was embarrassing to the rest of us who just thought it was good, smart literature.
UNK: I went to one convention. By senior year, I was D'har Master in the Klingon Empire.
UNK: I'm not going to become Hasidic.
UNK: I'm not even going to become slightly more Reform.
UNK: Chris Taub : Coronary sinus normal.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : You can't have your eyes opened to something and not act on it.
UNK: Chris Taub : I haven't had my eyes opened. I just don't think they're crazy anymore.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Then they have something to offer.
UNK: Chris Taub : She's living proof that sane people can make radical changes, but House...
UNK: Chris Taub : He thinks that he can bully...
UNK: Chris Taub : I'm sorry?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I think she's telling you to stop deflecting.
UNK: Evil tongue. Gossip.
UNK: It's okay. Thanks to the sedative, you won't remember it.
UNK: Roz Viner : Words are permanent.
UNK: Roz Viner : Someday, you'll say something that you wish you could take back.
UNK: Hiss bundle is normal. Pathways are all clean. No arrhythmias.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : If the toaster doesn't work and the wiring in the house is fine,
UNK: problem's got to be in the city's power grid.
UNK: Chris Taub : Autonomic nerve disorder. Could be Riley-Day Syndrome.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Congratulations on your wedding.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : You have a rare and incurable degenerative disease.
UNK: I'll set her up for a thermoregulatory sweat test.
UNK: She's bisexual.
UNK: What?
UNK: Roz Viner : I could hear them talking from inside the MRI.
UNK: Hear who? I heard the word sex.
UNK: Roz Viner : It was interesting.
UNK: What was interesting? It doesn't matter.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : We're doctors, we never know what's going to matter. She said sex.