UNK: Chris Taub : If she wants to tell you, when she wakes up...
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Yeah. These people aren't going to change you at all.
UNK: Greg House : I need you to sleep with Wilson.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Good morning.
UNK: Greg House : He's involved with an inappropriate woman.
UNK: His people are sheep herders, and Amber's are cattlemen?
UNK: Greg House : He's combined two of his worst qualities. His love for me and his love for need.
UNK: And as administrator of this hospital, you have to save your star oncologist.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Wish I could help. But as administrator, there are some people in accounting
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I'm scheduled to sleep with first.
UNK: Greg House : Wilson has a pattern with women.
UNK: Greg House : He saves them, then he betrays them, which then causes guilt,
UNK: Greg House : which then causes him to go save somebody else.
UNK: Greg House : For example, a hospital bureaucrat nearing 40 who has no personal life.
UNK: Greg House : I suggest you go braless.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I get that "sleep with" is your way of saying I should talk to him...
UNK: No, I really mean "sleep with. "
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : You're not worried this relationship will fail, you're worried it'll succeed.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : That Wilson will no longer be at your beck and call 24l7.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : That your best friend will change.
UNK: Greg House : People don't change just because they wish they could.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : And it bugs you that he wishes he could.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : You'll never lose your friend, House.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : You're the long-distance runner of neediness.
Thirteen : As the chamber heats up, Roz's body temperature should also rise,
Thirteen : making her sweat and turning the powder purple.
Thirteen : No change in color means no sweating,
Thirteen : which means her central nervous system is damaged.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I shouldn't see her like this.
Thirteen : We could have a diagnosis as soon as she comes out of the chamber.
Thirteen : It might be better if you stayed.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : It's disrespectful.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I'm sure she imagined the first time her husband would see her bare like this,
UNK: would be celebrating their marriage.
Thirteen : Given the circumstances, I think Roz would sacrifice modesty to have you with her.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Please. Don't do that.
UNK: What? I think it's nice that you're here.
UNK: I think... You think it's sweet
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : that I care for her modesty, but that it's archaic and ultimately irrelevant.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Our traditions aren't just blind rituals. They...
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : They mean something. They have a purpose.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : I respect my wife.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : And I respect her body.
Thirteen : Her body temperature's stopped climbing.
UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : What's going on?
Thirteen : She's having a seizure. Need a crash cart!
Thirteen : Blankets, too! She's freezing.
UNK: Greg House : She was supposed to sweat. And she froze.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Return to the Planet of the Apes.
UNK: Greg House : Hypothermia caused the seizure.
UNK: Greg House : What caused the hypothermia?
UNK: Could be infection.
Thirteen : Her white blood cell count was fine.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : When she was admitted. She could have picked something up here.
UNK: A complication on a complication?
UNK: Her body's doing the opposite of what it's supposed to.
UNK: Her body is Wilson.
UNK: Greg House : How do we respond to that?
UNK: Eric Foreman : We accept that he's happy.
UNK: Greg House : We do the opposite.
Thirteen : So, you want us to what? Send the patient home?
UNK: An infection means that something's been added to the body.
UNK: Greg House : Something that should be expelled. What's the opposite of that?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Something missing from the body. Could be an enzyme or a hormone.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Cortisol. Could be Addison's.
UNK: Greg House : It fits.
UNK: Greg House : Every symptom.
Thirteen : I'll run a cortisol stimulation test.
UNK: Are you sure she doesn't want to just take you back to her lair,
UNK: hang you upside-down, and deposit her eggs in you?
UNK: James Wilson : Excellent disguise, House.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : You two are really that serious?
UNK: James Wilson : She's pretty. She's funny. Maybe she's a little more...
UNK: Evil?
UNK: ...aggressive than you'd expect for me.
UNK: James Wilson : But, I'm happy. Can't I just enjoy what that feels like for a while?
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : How many people have looked at you trustingly
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : while you gave them a fatal prognosis?
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : But you knew it was kinder to tell them the truth.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Amber compulsively looks out for number one.
UNK: You compulsively look out for the person that you're with.
UNK: Your needs are going to feed her needs until all that's left
UNK: is a Wilson chalk outline on the floor.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Roz Viner : That cortisol stuff is great. Does it work on everything?