UNK: Yonatan Arnoff : Good shabbos, Roz.
UNK: Chris Taub : So, you pray, scarf down some challah, then we can do this?
UNK: Amber Volakis : You wanted to see me?
UNK: Greg House : And you came.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I feel pretty confident it'll be something interesting.
UNK: Greg House : Solve this case and the job is yours.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Is there a "Drop Wilson" clause attached to this?
UNK: Greg House : Standard contract all employees sign.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Why do you have to believe I have an ulterior motive?
UNK: For the same reason I believe a crack whore is going to have sex for crack.
UNK: Amber Volakis : All my life,
UNK: Amber Volakis : I thought I had to choose between
UNK: Amber Volakis : love and respect.
UNK: Amber Volakis : And I chose respect.
UNK: Amber Volakis : And with Wilson,
UNK: Amber Volakis : I know what it's like to have both.
UNK: Amber Volakis : And that beats a fellowship.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Could be DIC.
UNK: Greg House : You've changed.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I hope so.
UNK: Greg House : Normal platelet count rules out DIC. Good try, though.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I read that a hydatid cyst could...
UNK: Greg House : Would affect the lungs, not the bladder.
UNK: I tested her white cell count again. Normal.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : How long till we get to cut her open?
UNK: Chris Taub : When I left, he was still singing Eshat something.
UNK: It's the husband's blessing of his wife. He calls her Eshet Chayil.
UNK: Woman of Valor. "Strength and honor are her clothing. She laughs at the future. "
UNK: Greg House : Because she's an idiot.
UNK: Chris Taub : Volvulus of the small intestine could cause bleeding.
UNK: She would have had constipation.
UNK: Her value isn't beyond pearls, either. Because dead people have no value.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Polycythemia vera.
UNK: Greg House : RBC count would be higher.
UNK: Roz Viner : I need to bring the light to my face.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Thrombocytopenia. If it's autoimmune...
UNK: Eric Foreman : Titers were normal.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Parkinson's would explain the hypothermia.
UNK: Greg House : Not the bloody urine.
UNK: The woman's not just a masochist, she's a hypocrite.
UNK: Greg House : The commandment to preserve life comes before all others.
UNK: Actually means she's not a masochist. She's not following all the rules.
UNK: Chris Taub : Just the ones that please her.
UNK: Greg House : Right. She walked in crazy and explained how ritual trumps living,
UNK: Greg House : and you decide it's a beautiful lifestyle.
UNK: Chris Taub : I know. She's wrong,
UNK: Chris Taub : but, if there's nothing more...
UNK: Greg House : Then, the only meaning is here.
UNK: Chris Taub : But if she thinks God is there for her,
UNK: Chris Taub : if she lives her life believing that God is there...
UNK: Greg House : Then, she dies.
UNK: Greg House : Things aren't where we want them to be, just because we want them to be there.
UNK: Of course, that doesn't mean they're where they should be.
UNK: Greg House : Hey. Stop that Jew.
UNK: Chase hates working on shabbos. I'm going to make this easier for him.
UNK: Greg House : Stand her up.
Thirteen : She doesn't do so well on her feet.
UNK: Greg House : Neither do I. Stand her up.