UNK: Greg House : She's scary. Why does scary need pathetic?
UNK: Are you going to talk to her?
UNK: Greg House : I don't see that I have any choice.
UNK: You're all right with that? No impulse to save her from me?
UNK: James Wilson : I've broken the pattern, House, which is why this has a chance.
UNK: James Wilson : I know you're too suspicious to accept that without getting out your ruler
UNK: James Wilson : and your calipers and your scanning equipment, so,
UNK: James Wilson : go ahead. Get it out of your system.
UNK: Thirty-eight year old female with loss of bladder control,
Thirteen : blood in her urine and a broken leg from collapsing at her wedding.
UNK: Greg House : Ampicillin for the UTI, shiny cast for the leg.
UNK: Greg House : You guys know Wilson's dating Amber?
UNK: No. Wilson and Amber?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I knew.
UNK: I asked her out. She said she'd just started seeing someone.
Thirteen : Cultures were negative for UTIs. No signs of previous trauma or STDs.
UNK: Greg House : Kidney cancer.
Thirteen : CT was clean for tumors and kidney stones.
UNK: Greg House : I thought Amber scared you guys. She does.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : But she also has legs that go all the way up to Canada.
UNK: So do Canadians. It doesn't mean I want to date one.
Thirteen : Her sodium's low. Could be endometriosis in the bladder.
UNK: Chris Taub : Low sodium could also be from low food. Hasidic Jews fast on their wedding day.
UNK: Greg House : Or sodium was absorbed by a toxin already in her system.
UNK: Greg House : Was it just the legs, or did you detect something resembling a soul?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : She grew on me.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : If there's a toxin in her, it could be carbolic acid.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I'm talking about the patient now.
UNK: Eric Foreman : That much carbolic acid, someone would have had to poison her.
UNK: Could have been a Cossack.
UNK: If this was 18th-century Poland
UNK: Greg House : and Cossacks were into household cleansers.
UNK: Greg House : Which is why it's more likely that the poisoner was poisonee.
UNK: Chris Taub : Suicide's a sin.
UNK: Greg House : Corollary of, "People lie," is, "People sin. " And in my world, "People" includes Jews.
Thirteen : She was getting married.
UNK: Greg House : Hasidic women marry young
UNK: Greg House : so they can start pushing out little "Hasidlings. "
UNK: Greg House : Thirty-eight means a woman not on anyone's hot list being pushed onto a guy
UNK: Greg House : who's not on anyone's hot list. No way out. No way out.
Thirteen : Endometriosis fits better than an epiphany that her life is meaningless.
UNK: We should start her on Als and do a cystoscopy to confirm.
UNK: Fine. Check her innards for bad cells and her home for bad karma.
UNK: The carbolic acid should be on the shelf right next to the regret and the self-loathing.
UNK: Chris Taub : These people are crazy.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Yeah. She should be self-hating.
UNK: Chris Taub : I'm not self-hating. I hate religious people who are out of touch with reality.
UNK: Chris Taub : You only marry someone you met three times
UNK: if they're carrying your little mistake.
UNK: Eric Foreman : What's their divorce rate?
UNK: Chris Taub : Cleaners are all organic. Nothing with carbolic acid.
UNK: Chris Taub : You like how they hook up?
UNK: Eric Foreman : Romance is just emotional foreplay.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Candlelight meals, flowers... It's as much a ritual as anything these people do.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Why not go with someone who's pre-vetted, shares the same values? Cut to the quick.
UNK: Chris Taub : Values may give you the big picture, but time together gives you the little picture.
UNK: Chris Taub : Does she chew her food too loud?
UNK: Chris Taub : Will she leave you alone during the Final Four?
UNK: Eric Foreman : You commit to something deeper.
UNK: Eric Foreman : You let the little surprises slide.
UNK: Chris Taub : Surprises kill,
UNK: which is why you only commit when there are no more surprises.
UNK: Eric Foreman : And you have no more surprises for your wife.
UNK: Chris Taub : Do you think this came up on date number two?
UNK: Eric Foreman : You ever heard of a Hasidic Jew into hard rock?
UNK: Eric Foreman : She's listed as a producer on all of these.
UNK: Where there's rock and roll and sex,
UNK: Chris Taub : usually, there's drugs.
UNK: I'm Baal T'Shuvah. I became Hasidic about six months ago.
Thirteen : And before six months ago?
Thirteen : Music business isn't exactly known for its holiness.
UNK: Heroin.
UNK: Roz Viner : But I've been clean for months.
UNK: Roz Viner : Yonatan knows
UNK: in the broad strokes.
UNK: He never actually asked the details.