UNK: Sex, drugs, rock and roll and the 600 rules of God are all in there somewhere.
Thirteen : We oversimplify people. It's how the human mind works.
Thirteen : Everything's on or off. Everything's got a category.
UNK: Eric Foreman : You don't like it.
UNK: You don't want to be over-simplified.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Roz, move your right leg.
Thirteen : No one can describe themselves in 10 words.
UNK: Why would we want to hear anyone else do it?
UNK: Eric Foreman : So you keep it a mystery. No categories if no one knows anything.
Thirteen : Do you think maybe you're over-simplifying me, now?
UNK: No.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I'm sure you have many reasons to keep yourself a mystery,
UNK: Eric Foreman : besides the fact that you're bisexual.
UNK: A denial would have worked before the long vacant stare.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Roz, move your left leg just an inch.
UNK: Eric Foreman : People who have a problem with boxes are people who don't fit in them.
Thirteen : You've been working for House for a long time.
UNK: No need for name-calling.
UNK: I would ask if this was going to be lunchtime gossip, but lucky for me...
UNK: Eric Foreman : I don't give a damn.
UNK: Greg House : How's our mental Yentl?
Thirteen : MRI shows no sign of clots, FMRI shows no problem areas.
UNK: Greg House : Go restart her IV.
UNK: Eric Foreman : What's wrong with it?
UNK: Nothing. But like so many of the procedures we put patients through, it hurts,
UNK: Greg House : which, if she's enjoying it, will show up in pretty colors.
Thirteen : This is why you wanted an FMRI?
UNK: Greg House : It showed she didn't have a blood clot, which is diagnostically relevant.
UNK: Greg House : And it can show that she's become a masochist. Also diagnostically relevant.
UNK: Greg House : And it will be cool.
UNK: Greg House : Either explain which part of my analysis didn't make sense, or go do it.
UNK: Eric Foreman : It isn't cool.
UNK: Chris Taub : I'm sorry.
UNK: Greg House : Heavens. Look at her limbic system.
UNK: Her pleasure centers are lighting up like a Hanukkah bush.
UNK: Greg House : Foreman must have a touch like an elephant.
Thirteen : Okay, Roz, we've got what we need.
UNK: Yes. It was impressive.
Thirteen : Roz? You all right?
UNK: Roz Viner : Oh, sorry. I was praying.
Thirteen : All through the procedure?
UNK: Roz Viner : No, when Dr. Foreman apologized, I knew something bad was going to happen.
Thirteen : She was praying. Could explain the brain activity.
UNK: Eric Foreman : BP and heart rate are dropping. She's crashing.
UNK: Eric Foreman : She's stabilizing.
UNK: Greg House : Get her up.
UNK: Greg House : All the way up. On her feet.
UNK: Greg House : Make her do that again.
UNK: We've started her on fludrocortisone and ephedrine.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : It's Planet of the Apes.