UNK: Luthor Whitehead : - and he don't show. - So what'd you do?
UNK: Esposito's Guy : We went to find him. That's when we heard the sirens. Lots of them.
Luthor : We go downstairs, walk up the block and guess what we see?
Luthor : A bunch of cops staring at a tree.
UNK: A frigging tree. The dude was in a tree!
Ryan : So you waited?
UNK: Ryan's Guy : Only way to get the body back.
UNK: I mean, we couldn't get the packets via the usual method.
Esposito : So you improvised.
UNK: Esposito's Guy : Doesn't matter. He was already dead.
UNK: - So why'd he start muling? - Same as anyone. Desperation.
UNK: It's just, he doesn't seem the type.
UNK: Ryan's Guy : Anybody's the type, you push them hard enough.
UNK: Ryan's Guy : I mean, the guy owed. He was fourth and long with the clock running out.
UNK: Who was he in to?
Luthor : Didn't say, but he was scared.
UNK: You wanna know who killed him, you find out who he owed.
UNK: No, no, no, no. I'm gonna need more. I'm gonna need to know who vouched.
Beckett : - Vouched? - For John Allen. Our vic, your mule.
Beckett : Somebody brought him to you, somebody you trusted.
Esposito : Or do you just do business with every desperate white boy
Esposito : with no history of criminal activity?
Ryan : Hell, man! How'd you know he wasn't a cop?
Esposito : Got the printout. Ron Bigby. He's a floor trader at Goldman.
Ryan : Vic's wife never heard the name.
Castle : For a guy who assesses risk for a living,
UNK: he sure does seem to take a lot of it.
Beckett : Yeah, well, look where it got him. Pick him up.
Esposito : You got it.
UNK: Castle.
Esposito : - Dead? - Yeah.
Esposito : - Dead? Mr. Bigby,
Becket : you can ask as often as you like. The answer's not gonna change.
UNK: That is a damn shame. That is a damn, damn shame.
UNK: Ron Bigby : I mean, do you know who John Allen is? Huh?
UNK: He's the new Willy Loman. Okay? Everyman victim of an apathetic world.
UNK: Ron Bigby : God, I swear, someone should write a play.
UNK: Ron Bigby : Hey, do you write plays?
UNK: Unproduced.
Beckett : Mr. Bigby, it's come to our attention that you recently obtained employment
Beckett : for Mr. Allen as a drug mule.
UNK: Ron Bigby : - You know about that? - Yeah. And bad news, Ron.
Castle : You're gonna have to find a new dealer.
UNK: - What'd they tell you? - That you got him an introduction,
Beckett : and that you vouched for Mr. Allen.
UNK: Ron Bigby : Okay, look. He came to me, desperate. All right?
UNK: Ron Bigby : He remembered a story I told one night at the table.
UNK: Ron Bigby : - The table? - Yeah, poker table.
UNK: We're in one of the floating games around town.
UNK: You know, small stakes, right, but a good way to blow off steam.
UNK: Ron Bigby : But then when he got laid off, it stopped being a game.
UNK: Ron Bigby : He started betting to make up his paycheck, but the stakes were too low.
UNK: Ron Bigby : So he went to Chinatown.