Castle : - Well, luckily, I'm not a cop. - Castle.
Castle : What? It's perfect. I go in, scope the place out until I ID the Russian.
Esposito : Hey, you know, that's not a bad plan.
Beckett : - We still have to find the game. - Leave that to me.
UNK: It's a pretty good story, Ricky.
UNK: Yeah, it's got a big opening, major twist.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Though I gotta say, I saw that whole "drug mule" thing coming.
Castle : Nice try, Connelly. You're not gonna goad me into raising.
Ryan : - Yeah. - And you once had Harry Bosch
Castle : investigate the murder of a poker player.
Castle : Well, Michael, this guy that we're looking for,
Castle : he's a regular in the Triad-run games in Chinatown.
UNK: I thought maybe one of you knew someone who could get me in?
Cannell : What, are you nuts? Those are crooks and killers down there.
Connelly : Look, Ricky. Doing the research is one thing,
Connelly : but the Russian mafia? The Triad? You tangle with those people,
Connelly : and all the best sellers in the world are not gonna protect you.
UNK: I know, I know. I don't plan on tangling.
UNK: I'm just gonna be another rich, bored thrill-seeker
Castle : looking to try my luck down there.
Cannell : - You must really like her. - Who?
Cannell : That police detective of yours. Look, Rick.
UNK: There's only one reason that you'd be dumb enough to go down there,
Cannell : and that's to impress a girl.
Cannell : Why don't you cut yourself a little slack and just buy her some flowers?
Castle : Do you know the place or not?
UNK: Well?
UNK: - Are you sure this is the place? - Cannell has never steered me wrong.
UNK: Sound.
UNK: All right. So remember, we can hear you, but you can't hear us.
UNK: So once you leave this van, you're on your own, okay?
Beckett : All right, tell me the plan again.
UNK: I go in. I find the tattooed Russian.
Castle : I get a clear picture of him, and I get the hell out of there.
Beckett : And you don't stay any longer than you need to.
Castle : I'll be fine. Besides, it's Chinatown.
Castle : How many Russian poker players can there be?
Beckett : Anybody else have a bad feeling about this?
Ryan : - Yeah. - Yeah, that's what I thought.