Esposito : Could be worse. You could be wearing a skirt.
Lanie : When I come down, I'm gonna smack you.
UNK: - I'll be looking forward to that. - Here.
UNK: Vic's a white male, late 30s. Judging from the cracked branches,
Lanie : I'm guessing he did a Superman off the top of that building.
Esposito : Vic's name is John Allen. ID has him on the Upper West Side.
Esposito : - Business card has him in insurance. - Hmm.
Amy : Is it a suicide?
UNK: It's not a suicide.
Amy : How do you know?
UNK: The building is too short. He'd wanna kill himself, not cripple himself.
UNK: If you wanna die, you're gonna aim for concrete, not a tree.
Castle : Judging from the angle of descent,
UNK: I'd say that guy was thrown off the building.
UNK: Since it clearly wasn't a suicide, how did he die?
Lanie : There are signs of strangulation. It looks like his windpipe was crushed.
Beckett : - Any ligature marks? Nope.
Castle : Ligature refers to anything that ties or binds, like a rope or a belt.
UNK: The lack of any marks suggest he was strangled by hand.
UNK: Wow, you really know your stuff. No wonder they like having you around.
Beckett : You know what? He's such an incredible resource,
Beckett : it seems like a shame to waste his talents here in the field.
Beckett : Would you mind going back to the morgue with Dr. Parish
Beckett : to see what else you can find out about the vic?
UNK: Don't you think I'd be of more use here at the crime scene?
Beckett : Oh, no. We're just gonna knock on doors
UNK: and see what we else can stir up. You know, boring police stuff.
Castle : Fine. But I was serious about the pony.
Beckett : Come on. I'll show you the morgue-mobile.
Beckett : - Anything in the wallet? - Nope. Dry-cleaning ticket, ID,
Ryan : two credit cards. Cash was missing, though.
Beckett : That's a long way to go for a robbery.
Amy : You mean we have to ride with the body?
Lanie : - You can take my seat up front. - You sure?
Lanie : I'm used to hanging out with stiffs.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Uh-uh. You do not get to say hi to me. I'm just doing my girl a favor.
Castle : You, too, huh?
Lanie : Well, what did you expect?
Lanie : Beckett spent the first three years of being a cop
Lanie : trying to solve her mother's murder.
UNK: It took everything that she had to put it behind her.
Lanie : You couldn't respect that?
Castle : What was I supposed to do? Not tell her what I found?
Beckett : What you found?
Castle : She didn't tell you, did she?
Castle : Three people were killed the same way her mother was,