Bonnie : The chef's oven.
UNK: Right.
UNK: LUPE COUGHING
UNK: How you feeling?
Lupe : That wasn't my crack pipe.
Foreman : You told me. Are you tired?
UNK: I just took a hit off it a couple of times.
Lupe : What's wrong with having a little fun?
Foreman : Your personal life is none of my business.
Lupe : You don't like me though, do you?
Foreman : That's your imagination.
UNK: I've seen every kind of drug abuse.
Foreman : No offense, but you don't even stand out of the pack.
Lupe : I'm betting you got money in the same place you got attitude.
Man : You know, people who quit drinking and people who lose weight.
Lupe : They think they're better than the people that couldn't
Lupe : and because you got out of the projects,
Lupe : you think that anybody who didn't
Lupe : is weak and stupid.
Foreman : I'm not judging you. Now take a breath.
Lupe : The only difference between me and you
Lupe : is that I made some bad decisions
Lupe : and you made some good ones.
Foreman : You make bad decisions every day of your life.
Foreman : Stop doing drugs. Stop having fun.
Foreman : Go back to school and get your GED.
Lupe : Yeah, where's the money coming from?
Lupe : The system's not set up for people like me.
Lupe : What are you staring at?
Foreman : Your eyes.
Foreman : There's yellow in the sclera.
Foreman : Her liver's failing.
Foreman : Without a transplant, she'll be dead in the next 48 hours.
Chase : We should increase her immunosuppressants and target more specifically.
UNK: Add methotrexate.
UNK: Yeah, let's do more of what's not working.
UNK: This isn't an autoimmune disease.
Cameron : Her white blood cells are attacking her body.
Cameron : That's autoimmune.
FOREMAN : First brain, then lungs, now liver.
Foreman : All getting worse and all in two days.
Foreman : It's moving too fast.
UNK: It's gotta be cancer. Lymphomatoid granulomatosis.
Foreman : It's rare even by our standards but it fits her symptoms.
Foreman : Explains why the steroids aren't working, poor fingernail growth.
Cameron : A lot of people have bad fingernails.
Foreman : A lot of people don't have three organ systems shutting down.
Foreman : Her blood vessels are taking this thing everywhere.
Foreman : She needs total body radiation.
Cameron : We can't do anything until we can confirm...
Foreman : Running those immunochemistries could take a week.
Foreman : She'll be dead by the time...
Chase : That doesn't make radiation any safer.
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : Suppose Chase and Cameron are right.
Foreman : Suppose it's an autoimmune disease.
Foreman : What's the biggest danger of total body radiation?
Foreman : It suppresses the immune system,
Foreman : which is what we're trying to do with the steroids anyway.
House : I don't usually put out on my first date
House : but I gotta say that is a rad move.
House : Get her consent. Start the radiation.
UNK: The patient's not too thrilled with me.
House : I'll get her consent.
Chase : Foreman's got personality issues,
UNK: so you're gonna step in?
House : Patient doesn't like Foreman. I'm interested.
House : Fatigue, hair loss, possibility of damage to the lungs, infertility.
House : All possible side effects of radiation.
House : Why don't you like Dr. Foreman?
UNK: COUGHING