Cuddy : One minute I'm mushing along with the huskies as usual
Cuddy : and suddenly it's global warming.
Cuddy : You think you saw somebody else pick up a toy from the sandbox
Cuddy : and suddenly you want it.
House : Is that why you said no?
Cuddy : Maybe I just want a friend and I thought Wilson was a safe choice.
House : I'm not safe? Cool.
House : James Wilson is never the safe choice.
UNK: We're going to a gallery. We're not getting married.
House : Sure, you say that now.
House : He always marries them in the end.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : Is that Eric? Eric!
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : Oh, baby. Baby!
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : I wanted to find that picture I took at your high school graduation.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : I had it reframed.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : It's in one of these suitcases, but I don't know...
Foreman : You can show it to me later.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : Your father wants to know if you've been praying.
UNK: Mr. Foreman : You don't have to just come out with it like that.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : But I only want to know if you're happy.
Foreman : Sure. I'm okay.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : You like it here? You have friends?
UNK: Yeah. Everything is great, Mom.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : That's why I brought the picture for you.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : I remember when you were little
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : you liked to look in the back of the math book because you knew
UNK: even though it made no sense then,
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : by the end of the year you'd understand it all.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : That's why you brought the picture?
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : You wanted to look ahead, to see how far you'd go.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : Now you're a grown man, I thought you might like to look back
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : to see how far you've come.
UNK: Mrs. Foreman : It all makes sense now. Doesn't it?
UNK: CHUCKLES
Lupe : That isn't mine.
UNK: COUGHING It was in your closet.
Lupe : It belongs to this guy who used to live with me.
Foreman : You might want to let him know he's got arsenic poisoning.
Foreman : We should get a sample of his hair
Foreman : so we can see the extent of it.
Lupe : But I don't do... I don't do drugs.
UNK: COUGHING
Foreman : Get a crash cart in here! Respiratory arrest!
Lupe : Are you sure it isn't from the arsenic?
Lupe : Dr. Foreman said I was poisoned.
UNK: Six-millimeter cuts starting at the apices.
Chase : Also, I just wanted to let you know
Chase : should you change your mind, I'll be available.
Cameron : Aren't you getting tired of hearing me say it?
Cameron : I have no intention of going out with you,
UNK: of having sex with you, of doing anything with you.
Cameron : Except work.
UNK: We don't have to make a big deal about it.
Chase : I just thought I'd let you know.
Chase : I decided Tuesdays would be a good day to do that.
Cameron : You did not suddenly fall in love with me.
Cameron : You were looking for something and I happened to be standing...
Chase : Cameron, it's fine.
Chase : No need to go on about it.
Chase : Advancing through the lung bases.
Cameron : We need to put this behind us.
UNK: Understood.
Cameron : But you keep bringing it up.
Foreman : You're the one who's still talking.
Chase : Look, I'm not demanding anything from you.
Chase : I'm not following you home. I've got no expectations.