Foreman : We're moving her back to her room.
Nurse : Patients who've had total body radiation have to stay in ICU.
UNK: ICU isn't going to help her.
Foreman : Let's give her some privacy.
Lupe : What do you want?
UNK: Want to see if I'm dying on schedule?
Lupe : Or do you want me to tell you it's all right,
Lupe : I'm okay with it?
Foreman : I'd like your forgiveness. I don't expect it.
UNK: Good.
Lupe : 'Cause this isn't like you ran your cart into mine at the supermarket.
UNK: No.
Foreman : Your grandparents haven't arrived yet.
Foreman : If they don't make it on time,
Foreman : is there anything you'd like me to tell them?
UNK: I never really knew them.
Foreman : You got any friends you want me to call?
Lupe : It's the middle of the night.
Lupe : They're not the kind of friends you ask to help you move,
UNK: never mind watch you die.
Lupe : I never did much.
Lupe : No kid to leave behind.
UNK: When I go, the world's not gonna be any different.
Lupe : Kind of a relief for you, huh?
Foreman : You were right about me.
Lupe : Yeah? Which time?
Foreman : I had a problem with you.
Foreman : But you were wrong, too.
Foreman : I've made some bad decisions.
Foreman : Stole cars. Robbed houses.
Foreman : Killed a woman.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
Foreman : But then I got another chance.
Foreman : Left home, went to college, entered a whole other world.
UNK: And there's some part of me I can't get rid of, always thinks,
Foreman : if I'm not the smartest, if I'm not the first, everywhere I go
Foreman : they'll figure out I'm not supposed to be here.
Foreman : They'll send me back.
Foreman : You know that's not gonna happen.
Lupe : You're out.
Foreman : I'll never be out of there.
Foreman : When I came home that last Christmas I was in college,
Foreman : it was like the rooms
Foreman : felt so small.
UNK: It was suffocating.
Foreman : But when I was standing on the stoop saying goodbye,
Foreman : my mom put her arms around me.
House : That was...
Foreman : That was the last time I ever felt at home.
Foreman : I only put distance
Foreman : between you and me because I know there isn't any.
Lupe : You were right about me, too.
Lupe : That stuff about the system being against people like me...
Lupe : I know it's crap.
Lupe : I mean, it's true but it's also crap.
Lupe : I just wasn't ready to try again.
Lupe : But I always thought I was young.
Lupe : I had time.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Lupe : Aren't you ever gonna leave?
UNK: No.
UNK: RINGING
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Time of death, 3 : 35.
UNK: Do whatever you want.
UNK: You wanna go and get drunk?
Foreman : No, thanks.
Foreman : I've got paperwork.
Chase : Listen, I don't...
Chase : I don't know what I believe but sometimes I need to think
Chase : there's something out there paying attention.
Chase : So when I can't talk to anybody,
Chase : I talk to God and pretend somebody's listening.
UNK: We were all wrong. You know?
Chase : Even House was wrong.
Foreman : I know.
UNK: INAUDIBLE