UNK: We just met and you're talking about bed. Not very subtle.
UNK: Subtle's never been my strong suit.
MVO : So...
UNK: do you go out with co-workers?
UNK: I... make it a rule not to.
Mark : Then I am so glad that I don't work here.
Meredith : Are you hitting on me? In a hospital?
Mark : Would that be wrong?
Meredith : Meredith.
MVO : Ow.
UNK: Meredith stunned : What the hell was that?
Derek : That was Mark.
UNK: Punching people on my surgical floor!
UNK: Richard angry : My head of neurosurgery, punching out people on my surgical floor!
UNK: - Put the ice pack on your hand. - My hand is fine.
UNK: Put the ice on your $2 million-a-year hand!
UNK: Richard angry : Now... would someone tell me what the hell happened?
Derek : - That was Mark. - Who's Mark?
Addison : He and Derek used to work together back in New York.
UNK: And, uh...
UNK: they were... we were all... close friends.
Addison : Until...
Addison : Derek found us in bed together.
UNK: Richard to Derek : - You put your weight behind it? - Yes, sir.
UNK: Well, all right, then.
Derek : - What the hell is he doing here? - I have no idea.
Mark : Derek and I always did have the same taste in women.
Meredith : Excuse me?
Mark : You're Derek's lusty intern, right?
Meredith : I heard about you all the way back in New York.
Mark : You're famous.
Meredith : Well, I heard about you all the way here in Seattle.
Meredith : So I guess we have a lot in common.
Mark : We're the dirty mistresses.
Meredith : I suppose we are.
UNK: My $400-an-hour shrink says it's...
Mark : because behind this rugged and confident exterior
UNK: I'm self-destructive and self-Ioathing
Mark : to an almost pathological degree.
Meredith : Hey, we do have a lot in common.
Mark : You know, it's funny.
MVO : Der...
Mark : Derek walks in on me naked with his wife,
Mark : actually in the throes.
Mark : And he just turns around and walks away.
Mark : But he sees me so much as talking to you,
Mark : and I'm on the ground bleeding.
Mark : Interesting, don't you think?
Meredith : - What are you doing? - You need stitches.
UNK: I know. Hold the mirror.