George : - Why is he suturing his own face? - To turn me on.
UNK: Because he's Mark Sloan,
Alex : the go-to plastic surgeon on the East Coast.
UNK: The guy Addison slept with?
Izzie : - Can't really blame her, can you? - No, not really.
George : Yes, you can.
Meredith : McSexy wants an X-ray to check for fractures
Meredith : and I think it's a bad idea if I take him.
George : - Why? Why? - I'm on it!
George : - Why is it a bad idea? - McSexy?
Mark : No?
UNK: Mc Yummy.
MVO : No.
Meredith : McSteamy.
UNK: - Ah, there it is. - Yep.
UNK: Ugh! Just...
George : choking back some McVomit.
UNK: Ooh.
George : I saw her first.
George : The night she met Shepherd, I had her ear.
George : We talked...
George : and I can't even remember what I said.
UNK: When you don't have sex for a while, you sort of forget how good it is
Izzie : - and you don't really need it as much. - Yeah, that doesn't happen to guys.
Izzie : It's like a beast. A beast that was asleep for a long...
Izzie : long time, and now the beast is wide awake
Izzie : and wants to be fed and the food that Alex gave it was...
Izzie : It was good food, George.
George : Something needs to be done about your taste.
UNK: You're jealous because your beast is asleep.
UNK: Nah. My beast isn't asleep.
George : My beast never sleeps.
Meredith : Mr. Eaton. Do you need a hand with that?
UNK: Um, if you could set up the tripod, that'd be very helpful.
UNK: Are you...? What are you doing?
Chuck : I'm dying, dear.
UNK: One in four?
Chuck : I've never done well with odds like that.
Chuck : Some people are lucky. I just never have been.
Chuck : The camera is for posterity. Saying goodbye.
Meredith : Do you want me to hold the camera for you?
UNK: Chuck teary-eyed : You're very kind. Thank you.
UNK: OK. We're recording.
UNK: This is, uh, a message for Suzie Zelman, my...
Chuck : my college sweetheart and the love of my life.
UNK: Suzie, I loved you with my whole heart.
Chuck : And I never would have stopped loving you
UNK: if you hadn't been the vilest whore to ever walk the planet Earth.
Chuck : You deserve that...
Chuck : that drunken imbecile that you slept with and then married.
UNK: And when at the reunion,
Chuck : I met your ugly children,
UNK: I knew you had done me a real favor.
Chuck : I am so deeply happy that I'll never have to see your face again.
Chuck : Love, Chuck.
UNK: Could you please, uh, put in a fresh tape, dear?
Alex : I read about that jaw reconstruction you did
UNK: using a microvascular free transfer from the foot.
Mark : - You interested in plastics? - Absolutely.
Mark : Might want to consider a transfer to New York or Los Angeles.
UNK: You're not going to see any heat up here.
Mark : Actually...
Alex : you ever seen an advanced case of craniodiaphyseal dysplasia?
Mark : Lionitis?
Jill : Restrained driver in a minor MVC.
Jill : Vitals are stable but witnesses saw seizure activity.
UNK: - I don't even think I need to be here. - Let us determine that.
UNK: Witnesses said she was screaming and clamping her jaw.
UNK: - Do you have a seizure disorder? - Epilepsy?
UNK: It's not epilepsy. I don't have any...
Burke : Oh, no. Oh God, it's happening again.