UNK: After careful consideration and many sleepless nights,
UNK: here's what I've decided.
UNK: There's no such thing as a grown-up.
UNK: We move on, we move out,
UNK: we move away from our families and form our own.
Burke : Oh, no. I'm all wet.
Burke : Hello?
Burke : No, Dr. Burke.
UNK: Yes?
Burke : Yes, I'll let her know.
Burke : That was your landlord.
Burke : He wants you to know there's a minor flood in your apartment.
Burke : Your other apartment.
UNK: But the basic insecurities,
UNK: the basic fears
UNK: and all those old wounds just grow up with us.
Ellis : I'm exhausted.
Meredith : Me, too.
UNK: And just when we think that life and circumstance have forced us
UNK: to truly, once and for all, become an adult...
UNK: I was at it all night in the on-call room.
Ellis : What's your excuse?
UNK: Your mother says something like that.
Meredith : Mom.
UNK: I tell you, that man makes me purr like a kitten.
Meredith : Mom.
Ellis : When he isn't making me growl like a tiger.
Meredith : Stop!
Ellis : And my husband wonders why I'm not interested in him anymore.
UNK: Or, worse, something like that.
Ellis : If he had any balls at all he would leave on his own.
Ellis : No. He plays stupid.
Ellis : He's waiting for me to kick him out.
Ellis : I come home with a hickey...
UNK: A hickey, for God's sake, like I'm some sex-crazed teenager.
Ellis : Which, let's face it, these days, I am.
Ellis : And what does Thatcher do?
Ellis : Pretends he doesn't see it.
UNK: We get bigger, we get taller, we get older.
UNK: But for the most part, we're still just a bunch of kids,
UNK: running around the playground, trying desperately to fit in.
Cristina : You know, he's acting like I committed a crime.
Cristina : Like my apartment is full of stolen goods.
Cristina : He's acting like I kept my apartment
UNK: to hide stuff so I can do illegal transplants for money.
UNK: Are you sure he's not just acting like you lied about moving in?
UNK: Cristina makes a face : What's wrong with you?
Meredith : My mommy's a filthy whore.
Izzie : - You have dirty in your eyes. - You have dirty in your eyes.
UNK: Izzie smiles : I'm not doing dirty with you. It was a one-time lapse in judgment.
Alex : Oh, it was a four-time lapse in judgment.
UNK: - Well, it's not going to happen again. - Oh, OK.
UNK: Izzie smiles : I'm serious.
UNK: We're friends. It didn't work when we tried to be more.