UNK: Mark in a quiet voice : Your marriage is over, Addison.
UNK: Mark in a quiet voice : All you have to do is admit it.
UNK: Then you can come back home with me.
UNK: Mark in a quiet voice : I'm going to the bar across the street.
UNK: Mark in a quiet voice : Meet me there.
UNK: He looks... peaceful.
Ellis : He does.
MVO : Um...
Burke : I am Preston Burke,
Burke : a widely renowned cardiothoracic surgeon.
Burke : I am... a professional.
Burke : And more than that, I'm a good and kind person.
Burke : I am a person that cleans up behind myself.
Burke : I am a person that cooks well.
UNK: And you? You are an unbelievable slob.
Burke : A slovenly, angry intern.
Burke : I am Preston Burke
UNK: and you are the most competitive, most guarded, most stubborn,
Burke : most challenging person I have ever met...
Burke : and I love you.
Burke : What the hell is the matter with you that you won't just let me?
Cristina : I gave up my apartment 20 minutes ago.
UNK: Well, all right, then.
UNK: I've heard that it's possible to grow up.
UNK: I've just never met anyone who's actually done it.
UNK: Dr. Stevens? Um, after the surgery, will I still be able to...
Pamela : When I want to, will I still be able to have...
UNK: you know, episodes?
Izzie : Even better, Pamela, you'll be able to have orgasms.
UNK: Without parents to defy, we break the rules we make for ourselves.
UNK: We throw tantrums when things don't go our way.
Bailey : Hey.
UNK: George upset : She doesn't hear me.
Meredith : - What? - She doesn't even hear me when I talk.
Izzie : She will if you make her.
George : You fed the beast, didn't you?
UNK: Izzie half smiles : Twice.
Izzie : I'll see you later.
Chuck : Bye.
UNK: We whisper secrets with our best friends in the dark.
Richard : Meredith came to see me today.
Ellis : Poor baby. Poor thing.
Ellis : Her father left, you know.
Richard : I think she knows about us, Ellis.
Richard : I think she's figured it out.
UNK: She's five years old, Richard.
UNK: We look for comfort where we can find it.
Mark : This seat taken?
Meredith : I guess not.
Mark : Double scotch, single malt.
Mark : You look sad.
Meredith : I just saw my father for the first time in 20 years.
UNK: How did that go?
UNK: Could have gone better.
Meredith : What are you still doing here?
Mark : I'm hoping Addison shows up.
UNK: Meredith surprised : - You're still in love with her? - You're still in love with him.
Meredith : She won't show, you know.
Mark : No?
Meredith : He's not the kind of guy you leave if you can help it.
UNK: Mark sighs : What if you're wrong?
UNK: Mark sighs : What if, just this once...
UNK: Mark sighs : life comes down on the side of the dirty mistresses?
UNK: And we hope,
UNK: against all logic, against all experience.
UNK: Like children...
UNK: we never give up hope.
Meredith : Come in.
UNK: I know I'm not a world-renowned surgeon.
George : And I know I'm not a lot of things that you've gone for in the past.
UNK: Izzie joins in : I know.
MVO : But...
George : I would never leave you.
George : I would never hurt you.
George : And I will never stop loving you.