UNK: Mr. Burton : This surgery, the brain surgery, is very dangerous.
UNK: No, don't say that. Y- You don't get to change your mind.
Derek : I know Dr. Sloan has made you some big promises,
Derek : but the bony tumors inside your skull are bad.
Jake : - I don't care! - The bleeding is hard to control.
Derek : I just want you to understand.
UNK: I do understand. This has nothing to do with the plastic surgery.
Jake : If I'm going to be under the knife...
UNK: The plastic surgery can wait.
UNK: Derek interrupts : - You need to understand... - Excuse me.
UNK: Mark interrupts : - Jake is actually right. - Uh-huh.
UNK: Mark interrupts : No reason to put him through a second round of surgery and anesthesia.
UNK: Mark interrupts : It's much safer just to do it all at once.
UNK: Mrs. Burton : Honey, we just want to focus on keeping you alive.
Jake : Mom, I almost died when I was ten years old.
UNK: And then again when I was 12, and then again last year.
MVO : But...
Jake : But I'm still alive, I'm still alive. So I say we go for it.
Cristina : Jake...
UNK: I know you think I'm perfect just the way I am,
UNK: but... that's your job to do that.
MVO : But...
Jake : for once in my life, I'd...
UNK: like to think that...
Jake : someone else thought that.
Derek : Please.
Derek : Please.
Derek : You've given up surgery to go into clerical work?
Meredith : I'm fulfilling a patient's dying wish to send hate mail
Meredith : to everyone he's ever met.
Izzie : Ah.
Derek : - Right now I understand the impulse. - Me, too.
Meredith : - Why do people cheat? - That's a good question.
Meredith : Why do you think she cheated on you?
Meredith : Were you different then?
Meredith : Were you a bad husband?
UNK: I was, uh...
Derek : I was just a little... absent.
Derek : Not that that's an excuse for her.
Meredith : Do you think things would have been different if you'd had kids?
Derek : Do I think she wouldn't have cheated?
Derek : I don't know.
UNK: All right, Jake's ready to roll.
Mark : - Sorry, did I interrupt something? - No.
UNK: Pamela, you should try and relax.
UNK: Pamela nods : I am trying to relax.
UNK: The episodes happen when I don't relax.
UNK: Pamela nods : Do you really think you can fix this?
UNK: I... hate to be insensitive,
UNK: but would it be the worst thing ever if we can't? I mean...
UNK: You know, I like sex as much as the next girl.
UNK: Like in bed or even in private.
Pamela : But when you can't go to the movies or drive a car,
Pamela : or go to church with your parents...
Izzie : Oh, my God.
Pamela : You know that dream where you show up in high school naked?
Izzie : Yeah.
Pamela : Yeah, well, I would really, really like to wake up.
Meredith : It's crossed the intrathoracic fascia?
UNK: I'm afraid so. I'm going to have to go into the chest wall.
Meredith : - He made 17 hate tapes. - I'm sorry?
Meredith : Videotapes of himself, telling people how much he hated them,
Meredith : spewing every hurt feeling he ever had.
Burke : - And he mailed them? - No, he wanted me to,
Meredith : but I don't think it's a good idea. He was scared.
Meredith : He was in shock. He wasn't thinking clearly.
Burke : That's not for you to decide, Dr. Grey.
Burke : He asked you for something. And you told him you would do it.
Burke : If you don't, that doesn't make you noble, it makes you a liar.
Burke : Did you know she kept her apartment?