UNK: That'd be consistent with his other symptoms, the vertigo, the fever...
Thirteen : I didn't see any fungus at the location, and none of the samples...
House : Looks like somebody missed something,
House : which is embarrassing for somebody.
Thirteen : And the steroids we gave him would
Thirteen : have suppressed his immune system.
Thirteen : If that was a fungus, he'd have 30 aneurysms.
House : Somebody's got a good point.
Taub : One bleed to four in less than 12 hours seems like an uptake to me.
Foreman : We need to start him on antifungal meds
Foreman : before he drowns in his own blood.
House : Do it.
Eddie : How long till it starts working?
Foreman : Give it a few hours. I'll be back to check on you.
Eddie : There you go. Take it easy.
Mickey : You shouldn't have taken her there, you imbecile.
Mickey : They found nothing,
UNK: and you could've got your brains blown out.
Eddie : I had to do something. I couldn't just sit and watch and...
Eddie : You're my friend.
UNK: Thanks.
Eddie : You'd do it for me.
UNK: Ah!
Eddie : I should get going.
Eddie : Got the big man from Philly coming in tonight.
Eddie : You want me to stay, I'll stay.
UNK: I mean, Jimmie knows everything that we know.
UNK: No.
UNK: For the six months we put in on this,
Mickey : you gotta be there.
Eddie : I'll swing by tomorrow.
Mickey : Hey, Eddie.
UNK: Yeah?
Nora : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : You know, that I can't go with you.
Thirteen : It was all our fault.
Taub : We were screwing with Foreman,
Taub : trying to make him think he made less than we did.
Taub : Obviously, things got out of control.
Cuddy : Someone does something stupid and insensitive,
Cuddy : I always figure it was House.
Wilson : Good to know it's catching.
Chase : Look, there is no other job.
Chase : He was just trying to get a raise.
Chase : Even if you gave him a little more money, I know he'd stay.
Cuddy : I'm not giving Foreman a raise
Cuddy : because the three of you decided to amuse yourselves.
Foreman : We know. And that's why we want you
Thirteen : to take it out of our pay checks.
Cuddy : You two okay with this?
Taub : Is there any other option?
Chase : We're okay with it.
Chase : Foreman is a good team leader.
Chase : He deserves it.
House : Okay, then.
Cuddy : That is what I will do.
Cuddy : And just so you know,
Cuddy : I have no idea what you're talking about.
Cuddy : I haven't seen Foreman in three days.
Foreman : The phrase "Who's your daddy? " Comes to mind.
UNK: You wanna grab some coffee?
House : Kind of a bad time.
UNK: Sorry. You told me to drop by,
Nora : so this is when I could make it.
UNK: Right. Come in.
House : This whole thing with Wilson, it's all my fault.
House : We're not closeted because we're not gay.