Thirteen : Surgery went well. You'll be able to see him soon.
Eddie : Used to be all about Ferberizing your kid,
Eddie : now they're saying it could mess them up.
UNK: Mine's six-and-a-half.
Thirteen : Mickey's getting worse.
Thirteen : The clot is a very bad sign.
Thirteen : We really need you to tell us where he's been.
Eddie : I do that,
Eddie : a very good chance that I could end up John Doe at the county ME.
Thirteen : Look, Mickey got sick because he had the most exposure.
Thirteen : Other guys are at risk, too, you don't want to...
UNK: Are you okay?
Eddie : I feel dizzy.
Thirteen : Are you diabetic?
UNK: No.
Thirteen : When was the last time you were at your office?
UNK: Whoa.
Eddie : Did you drug me? What?
Eddie : You're trying to make me think that I'm sick
Eddie : so I'll take you to the stash.
Thirteen : Of course not, but if you are sick...
Eddie : I don't feel sick, I feel drugged.
Eddie : Trust me, I know the difference.
Thirteen : You didn't even drink half of it,
Thirteen : you'll be fine in an hour.
Eddie : You think Mickey could die?
Eddie : It's just a deal.
Eddie : I'll take you.
UNK: You couldn't have given us a heads up
Thirteen : that he was living in a dry cleaner?
UNK: It's like living in a vat of poison.
Mickey : Is that it? Can we get out of here?
Taub : I've got to cover all our bases.
Eddie : Okay, fine, look. Back there. Hurry up.
Thirteen : What are these? More chemicals? Not exactly.
Eddie : If this stuff was the problem,
Eddie : there would be a lot more sick people.
Eddie : Did you call the cops?
UNK: No.
Eddie : No one's supposed to be here.
Thirteen : Come here.
Thirteen : I said no kissing.
Guy : Eddie, I didn't know you'd be here.
Thirteen : Look, the deal was just for you.
Thirteen : This guy wants to watch, it's an extra 50.
Eddie : Yeah, private party, man. I got it covered tonight.
UNK: Nice.
House : The jealousy is killing me.
UNK: Well,
Nora : he clearly cares about you very much.
House : Why can't he show it in a normal way?
UNK: I'm so tired of all the silence and the resentment.
House : I don't know if I can go back there tonight.
House : I need some time.
Nora : Come stay at my place.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Nora : It'll be fun, like a sleepover.
UNK: That would be such a help. Thank you.
UNK: House.
House : What are you doing here?
Wilson : I'm here because...
House : Nothing you can say is going to change anything.
Wilson : I love this man.
Wilson : And I am not wasting another moment of my life denying that.
Wilson : Gregory House,
Wilson : will you marry me?
UNK: Wow.
House : This is unexpected.
Lady : Say yes.
UNK: I'm going to go. No, no, no.
Nora : You two obviously have some talking to do. Excuse me.
Chase : How's it coming?
Taub : So far, nothing.
Taub : Carpet, paint, insulation, even the gross food in the fridge,
UNK: everything's coming up clean.
Thirteen : Which leaves the dry-cleaning chemicals.
Thirteen : Should have the results in a few minutes.
Chase : Foreman's already started him on inhaled albuterol.
Chase : Chances are this case is over.
Taub : We have to tell him. We can't tell him.
UNK: It won't change the fact that Cuddy let him walk.
Thirteen : It'll just let him know it was all because of a stupid prank.
Chase : We have to tell Cuddy. We confess and beg her to take him back.