House : This is yours.
Thirteen : You bugged your own room? Are you an informant?
UNK: An informant would've sold his pals out to us
House : at the first sign of a sniffle.
House : This guy is a cop.
Foreman : I don't see how this is relevant.
House : In the land of No Fun, you got a really sensible piece of property.
Taub : Give him a break.
Taub : Knowing this guy's an undercover cop
Taub : doesn't get us any closer to curing him.
House : Good point. You know what they say,
House : information is not power. Wait.
Thirteen : You're saying we should use the cop thing to force him to talk.
House : Force? I'm talking about the womanly art of persuasion.
UNK: I said womanly.
Thirteen : If you won't talk to us, we'll find someone who will.
Thirteen : I mean, you must have a supervisor, a handler.
Mickey : Good luck with that. You don't know my real name.
Mickey : You don't know if I'm local or state, FBI, DEA,
Mickey : but by all means, get on the phone.
Nora : I get it. These guys are lowlifes,
UNK: you want them off the street.
UNK: Look, they're not just lowlifes.
Mickey : Eddie killed a snitch three weeks ago.
UNK: Boss's orders.
Mickey : The boss, he's one of the biggest
Mickey : cocaine importers in the entire state.
Mickey : And he wants to expand down to Philly.
Mickey : Tomorrow night, he and Eddie are meeting the big fish,
Mickey : and the cops are gonna bust it.
Mickey : But if you guys get caught poking around there,
Mickey : the whole thing gets called off.
Thirteen : That's noble, but you can't put your life at risk.
Mickey : I've been undercover for 16 months.
Mickey : I haven't seen my wife, my house, my dog.
UNK: I've put far too much into this,
Mickey : and I will not let it fail.
Mickey : So, just...
Mickey : Just keep me alive for another 24 hours
Mickey : and I will tell you everything you need to know.
Eddie : Hey. Can I come in?
Eddie : Nurses out here can't keep their hands off of me.
Mickey : Casanova, huh?
UNK: You bring me my sandwich?
Eddie : No, because, guess what, I don't read minds.
Taub : You okay?
Chase : He had a GI infarction caused by a clot
Chase : in his superior mesenteric artery.
Chase : We had to remove a foot of bowel.
Thirteen : Any more clots keep forming, he may not last 24 hours.
House : And the moron still won't talk.
Taub : Bad guy, cool, good guy, moron?
House : Pretty much.
Chase : Guy's a hero.
Chase : He's risking his life to put these dealers in jail.
UNK: Well, I'm sure the dealers
House : who take their places will be very grateful.
Foreman : So, vertigo, fever, and thrombosis.
UNK: We already ruled out cancer and infection.
Foreman : He got worse on steroids, which suggests it's not autoimmune.
Foreman : So we're stuck with environmental.
Taub : But what kind of environmentals?
Taub : Toxins? Parasites? Allergens?
UNK: We should just pick the top 10 possibilities and treat for all of them.
Thirteen : Except that treating for everything could
Thirteen : kill him faster than whatever's killing him.
House : Got a better idea?
UNK: Sort of.
UNK: Chase is right, our patient's holding out
UNK: for noble reasons, protecting his bust.
UNK: Anybody else in that crew got sick,
UNK: I'm guessing they'd be a little more self-serving.
UNK: Thanks.