Thirteen : but it's on the way to his brain?
Thirteen : Carotid stenosis.
House : Get an ultrasound of his carotids,
House : see if his arteries are clogged.
Foreman : How much money do you make?
Foreman : I want a raise.
Cuddy : And I will be happy to talk about that
Cuddy : at your next review, in August.
Foreman : I know that you're paying me less
Foreman : than everyone else on the team.
Cuddy : I can't discuss other people's salaries. You know that.
Foreman : Now that they know I'm making less
Foreman : than they are, they'll never respect me.
Cuddy : And who told them how much you make?
Foreman : It's not fair for me to make less than the people I supervise.
Cuddy : Salary isn't about fairness.
Cuddy : It's about what you can leverage in a negotiation,
Cuddy : which isn't much without a competing offer on the table.
Cuddy : And we both know you don't have one.
Thirteen : Ultrasound showed no narrowing or obstruction in the patient's carotid.
UNK: Not that he's worried, keeps asking when he can leave.
UNK: THROUGH BUG A place in the business of healing people,
Mickey : you'd think they'd have better chicken soup.
Thirteen : You bugged his room?
House : Our patient sleeps in the building
House : where they keep their stash.
UNK: Eventually, he'll say something
House : that gives away where that is.
UNK: Then we'll find out what's making him sick.
Thirteen : But we ruled out environmental causes.
House : You ruled out environmental causes.
Taub : And you pretended to agree
Taub : just so we'd take him out of his room
Taub : so you could plant the bug.
Thirteen : Carotid stenosis was a decent idea.
House : But an even decent-er idea is that
House : he's got toxins stored in his fat cells.
House : Every calorie he burns makes him sicker.
Taub : If we're going with toxic exposure,
Taub : we should just start testing for the most likely suspects.
Thirteen : Bug's a better idea than blindly running tests for days.
House : Tell him it'll take weeks.
House : It'll be faster.
Mickey : What do you mean, weeks?
Taub : These tests take time, there are a lot of possibilities.
Mickey : I can't sit here this long.
Mickey : I got things I gotta take care of.
Taub : If you're worried about all the poor schoolchildren
Taub : going without their drugs,
Taub : I'm sure someone... I want to be discharged.
Taub : I'll get the forms.
Chase : This is ridiculous.
Thirteen : Beats sitting in a lab all day.
Chase : In the lab, there is significantly
Chase : less chance of getting killed.
Chase : You're too close, slow down.
Thirteen : We're in a car in broad daylight, what's gonna happen?
Chase : You honestly think he doesn't have a gun in that car?
Thirteen : That he's gonna use to shoot doctors?
Chase : Just back off.
Chase : Hey, well played with the watch, by the way.
Thirteen : Borrowed it from a friend.
Chase : How much longer are we gonna keep lying to him?
Thirteen : Until it's no longer fun.
Thirteen : We all thought he needed to be taken down a few notches.
Chase : So, we're just having fun, not getting even?
Thirteen : Oh, crap.
Chase : Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Thirteen : He's gonna get away.