Wilson : I ran into Nora this morning.
Wilson : She told me about your Evita listening party.
House : The London and New York recordings are so different.
Wilson : You were supposed to tell her that we're straight.
Wilson : She didn't believe me either.
Wilson : You're doing this to mess with me.
UNK: Correction. I started doing this to mess with you.
House : Now I'm honestly trying to hit that.
Wilson : By pretending you're gay and in a relationship with me?
House : We're in a relationship, but we're really unhappy.
UNK: Communication's never been easy for us,
UNK: probably because we're so closeted.
UNK: I've got it all figured out.
House : Nora and I spend the next few weeks hanging out,
House : become best girlfriends, I confide in her about our issues.
Wilson : I can't decide if this plan is more despicable or illogical.
House : Then one night, we get drunk,
UNK: backrub turns into a front rub, and the next morning,
House : "I've never felt this way about a woman before."
Wilson : That's quite a commitment you've made
Wilson : to jumping the girl I'd like to date.
House : I'd like to date her.
House : In the sense that I'd like to jump her repeatedly.
Wilson : I saw her first.
UNK: Seriously? You're invoking the Guy Code?
Wilson : We're guys. It's a code.
House : You're only bringing this up
House : 'cause you know you're going to lose.
Chase : It's not an infection,
Chase : but it might be an autonomic nerve disorder.
UNK: The hair's still bumping me.
House : Did you get it cut because you're ready for the next chapter or...
Chase : We stuck a needle into his spinal bodies, twice,
Chase : his heart rate stayed normal.
Chase : If we add that to his other symptoms...
House : That would be a mistake.
Wilson : She's never gonna fall for it.
UNK: Well, then, you've got nothing to worry about, sweetie.
House : You're a wuss.
Mickey : Say that when I'm better.
House : What, are you gonna beat me up? That sounds stressful.
House : Maybe you should pop one of your beta-blockers first.
Chase : You have a heart problem?
House : Medically, no. He would've told us about that.
UNK: Metaphorically...
Mickey : It's an effect from operating outside of the law.
UNK: Sometimes, I have to do bad things,
Mickey : and not always to bad people.
Mickey : Last few months, that hasn't been so easy.
Mickey : A guy got me the pills, and they control the stress.
UNK: Look, don't say anything to Eddie, all right?
Mickey : Last thing I need is the guys thinking that I've gone soft.
House : When was your last pill before we originally admitted you?
Mickey : Um... The night before.
UNK: Then we stuck you in here and you went into beta-blocker withdrawal.
House : That's what caused the hypertension.
House : When he got out of here, he took another pill,
House : and the hypertension went away,
Foreman : which means it was never a symptom.
House : We take that off the table, we've got vertigo, fever...
Chase : And stress. He's been in this game for a while,
Chase : either he grew a conscience over the last few months,
Chase : or he's producing excess adrenaline.
UNK: Pheochromocytoma.
UNK: What? That's Greek for
House : "you'll be back doing bad things to good people in no time."
House : MRI his adrenal glands. You're okay with that, right?
House : You're not gonna put a pillow over his face?
Wilson : Oh, great, the cable guy came.
UNK: Hello.
Nora : Hi, James. We've got some Kung Pao left.
Tommy : Oh, God. Right there.