Mickey : We almost done here?
House : Assuming you did this shaving your forehead.
House : Okay, then. I'm ordering a head CT.
Mickey : No, I don't have a headache,
Mickey : I'm not dizzy. Eddie, I gotta get back.
Eddie : You gotta stay here.
Eddie : We'll straighten out that mess with Marco tomorrow.
Eddie : Let the doc do his job.
House : Actually, stitching you up is really the ER doc's job.
UNK: Yeah. Too long of a wait.
House : Yeah. Also, a lot of cops in the ER.
UNK: Not that you'd care about that.
House : So, how did this happen?
House : Yeah, you're right. It's a stupid question
House : 'cause the answer's kind of obvious.
House : No scrapes on your hands means you didn't try to break your fall,
UNK: means you were either out cold
House : or totally disoriented when you went down.
House : No sign of trauma, other than the cut,
House : means no one hit you in the head.
UNK: And powder burn on your jacket sleeve means someone shot a gun.
Mickey : All right, Eddie. Come on, let's go.
House : I don't care what you guys are into.
House : If you don't get this checked out, it'll happen again.
Eddie : What will?
UNK: This.
UNK: Cool.
UNK: Thirty-two-year-old man recently developed loud-noise-induced vertigo.
House : CT was clean, no internal bleeding, no edema.
House : Everything else is in the file.
House : Cameron get your hair in the divorce?
Taub : This guy strained his back three years ago
Taub : and that's it.
Taub : All the rest of these pages are blank.
House : Yes, he won't tell us anything.
UNK: Understandable, since he's a drug dealer.
Thirteen : So he's dangerous and withholding,
Thirteen : which you find irresistible.
Thirteen : But guys like that, they never call.
Chase : He actually said he was a drug dealer?
House : Not out loud.
House : But he was wearing a solid-gold Patek Philippe,
House : his friend had a Rolex, but their phones were prepaid burners,
UNK: so they can toss them as soon as they're done.
Foreman : It doesn't matter if this guy's a drug dealer or not.
House : Noise-induced vertigo means ear or brain.
Foreman : Head CT was clean, so I'm thinking acoustic neuroma.
Foreman : We need to do an ABR to test his hearing.
House : Acoustic neuroma fits, so does lidocaine toxicity or benzocaine,
House : depends what he's cutting the coke with.
Thirteen : So now he's not just a drug dealer, he's a cocaine dealer.
House : He seemed peppy.
House : You test his ears, I'm gonna go test his cocaine.
UNK: You think this guy is just going to hand over
Taub : a briefcase full of illegal drugs because you ask nicely?
House : I hope not.
Wilson : So, the best coffee's at Geena's
Wilson : and the best pizza is at Gino's.
Nora : Yeah, and don't mix those up,
Nora : 'cause the coffee at Gino's could kill you.
UNK: And how's the dry cleaner on the corner?
Nora : Go two blocks over to EcoClean,
Nora : the one on the corner used to shred all my boyfriend's shirts.
Wilson : Good to know. In retrospect,
Nora : I should really thank those cleaners.
Nora : We broke up. This is my stop.
Nora : So if you have any more questions
Nora : about the neighborhood, I'm your girl.
Wilson : Uh, favorite sushi place? Maybe we could get dinner sometime.
Nora : Sure, if you promise to bring
Nora : that good-looking guy with the cane.
Wilson : You mean House?
Nora : Your boyfriend's name is House?
Wilson : He's not my boyfriend.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: I'm sorry. What do you call each other?
UNK: Husband? Partner? Lover?
Wilson : We're not gay.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: You're going to hear a series of clicks and hisses.
UNK: The sensors measure electronic activity to your auditory nerve.
Mickey : How long is this gonna take?
Taub : An hour, maybe an hour-and-a-half.
Taub : Or you could walk away with a tumor in your ear.
Taub : Guy's probably late to a stabbing.