Monica : - It's just a little bit more, honey.
UNK: - Help me! This hurts! - Is it really that bad?
Erica : I think it's time to kick you in the nuts and see which is worse!
Doctor : The baby's head is crowning.
Monica : - Oh! Oh my God!
Monica : That is the most beautiful top of a head I have ever seen!
Monica : Chandler, you have to see this!
Erica : - I'm okay.
Monica : - Chandler, you don't wanna miss this...
UNK: This is the birth of your child! It's the miracle of life!
Monica : - Alright.
Chandler : Wow, that is one disgusting miracle.
Doctor : Start pushing. Here we go.
Doctor : Here come the shoulders...
Monica : - It's a... It's a boy!
UNK: - Is he okay? - He's just fine.
Monica : - Oh, you did it!
Chandler : - It's a baby! A beautiful little baby!...
UNK: And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see.
Doctor : Would you like to cut the umbilical cord?
Chandler : - Well, that's spongy.
Monica : - Oh, hey handsome!
UNK: Oh, I'm gonna love you so much that...
Monica : no woman is ever gonna be good enough for you!
UNK: - Oh, we are so lucky! - I know.
Chandler : He has your eyes.
Chandler : - I mean, I know that's not possible, but he does.
Nurse : We'll just get him cleaned up a bit.
Monica : - Oh my God, he's beautiful.
Monica : Thank you so much.
Erica : - I'm really happy for you guys.
UNK: - How do you feel? - I'm tired!
Doctor : Well, you don't have that much time to relax. The other one will be along in a minute.
Monica : I'm sorry, who should be along in a what now?
Doctor : The next baby should be along in a minute.
Monica : - We only ordered one!
UNK: - You know it's twins, right? - Oh, yeah!
Chandler : These are the faces of two people in the know!
Doctor : I can't believe you didn't know it's twins!
UNK: This has never happened before.
Chandler : - Well, gosh. That makes me feel so special and good.
Monica : Wait, did you know it was twins?
Doctor : Yeah, it's here in the paperwork we got from the clinic in Ohio.
UNK: - Anybody tell you? - I don't think so.
Erica : Although, they did mention something about two heartbeats.
Erica : But I thought that was just mine and the baby's.
UNK: They kept saying both heartbeats are really strong...
UNK: and I thought well, that's good 'cause I'm having a baby.
Monica : - This is unbelievable.
Erica : - Twins actually run in my family.
Chandler : - Interesting!
Chandler : Can I see you for a second?
Chandler : - What do we do?
Monica : - What do you mean "what do we do"?
UNK: Twins!!
UNK: Twins!!
Monica : - Chandler, you're panicking! - Ah-ha...
Chandler : Join me, won't you?!
UNK: Okay, what do you say we keep one,
Chandler : and then just like have an option on the other one?
Monica : - We can't split them up!
Chandler : - Why not?
Chandler : We could give each of them half a medallion,
UNK: and then years later, they'll find each other
UNK: and be reunited I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
Monica : - Okay, what if the person who adopts the other one is horrible?
Chandler : - What if they're not?
Chandler : What if it's adopted by a king?
Monica : - Yeah, because I hear the king is looking to adopt.
Chandler : - Monica, we are not ready to have two babies!
UNK: - That doesn't matter! We have waited so long for this.
UNK: I don't care if it's two babies. I don't care if it's three babies!
UNK: I don't care if the entire cast of "Eight is Enough" comes out of there!
UNK: We are taking them home, because they are our children!
Doctor : It looks like we're about ready over here.
Doctor : Come on, Erica, start pushing again now.
Doctor : Here she comes!
UNK: - She? It's a girl? - Yeah.
Chandler : - Well, now we have one of each!
Chandler : And that's enough!