UNK: Greg House : She had a secret diary.
UNK: James Wilson : Is there any other kind?
UNK: Greg House : What are you doing?
UNK: James Wilson : There's a sale on liquid Tide.
UNK: Greg House : If you're broke,
UNK: I could lend you a tiny bit of the money I owe you.
UNK: James Wilson : No, no. I wouldn't put you in that position.
UNK: James Wilson : What does the diary say?
UNK: Greg House : Basically a list of her sexual encounters,
UNK: Greg House : boys, girls, vibrating appliances...
UNK: James Wilson : If it was, you'd be quoting, not summarizing.
UNK: It's just a parade of sad banalities.
UNK: Greg House : "I can hardly get out of bed. Feeling blue. "
UNK: Greg House : Then, three months ago, turns into a parade of happy banalities.
UNK: "It's starting to turn the corner. Job's looking up. "
UNK: James Wilson : We can stop swabbing. Her clichés are getting healthier.
UNK: Greg House : Or she's less depressed. Aren't there pills that do that?
UNK: James Wilson : Anti-depressants don't cause fever.
UNK: Greg House : Not on their own. But the ER didn't know she was on MAO inhibitors,
UNK: Greg House : so they gave her Demerol, that's a nasty combo.
UNK: James Wilson : So, all you have to do is convince this kid
UNK: James Wilson : that his girlfriend had a secret doctor,
UNK: James Wilson : and a secret stash and a secret life.
UNK: James Wilson : It's been a while since a patient took a swing at you. Can I watch?
UNK: Greg House : I only have to convince the mother.
UNK: Greg House : Actually, I don't have to convince anyone.
UNK: This is total crap. If she was seeing a psychiatrist, I'd know.
UNK: Ben Prosner : If she was on drugs, I'd know.
UNK: "dr. Buffer" : Mrs. Bradberry, please sign the forms so we can start the dialysis.
UNK: Mrs. Bradberry : But why anti-depressants? I don't understand.
UNK: "dr. Buffer" : Mrs. Bradberry, please sign the forms so we can start the dialysis.
UNK: Ben Prosner : Stop saying that.
UNK: Mrs. Bradberry : Dr. Buffer, what is going on? What aren't you telling us?
UNK: Ben Prosner : He's a janitor?
UNK: Greg House : More significantly, a blabbermouth.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : House, shut up.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I am very sorry how Dr. House handled this. It is completely unforgivable.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Except if he's right. Dialysis will filter her blood.
UNK: Ben Prosner : There's nothing to filter.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Save her life.
UNK: Ben Prosner : She wasn't depressed.
UNK: Greg House : I'm miserable around Ben.
UNK: Not me, I like Ben. February 12th.
UNK: Greg House : Either she's depressed or she just thinks you're a jerk.
UNK: Greg House : Neither suggests that you should be the one
UNK: Greg House : directing her medical treatment.
UNK: Mrs. Bradberry : Does the diary say my daughter's taking these drugs?
UNK: Greg House : No, but medically...
UNK: Mrs. Bradberry : Did you find drugs in their home?
UNK: Greg House : She's probably hiding them in her purse.
UNK: Greg House : I thought it'd be rude to go searching under a thousand tons of rubble.
UNK: Ben Prosner : This was months ago. We were in a fight.
UNK: It doesn't mean she's depressed
UNK: Ben Prosner : and it doesn't mean she doesn't love me.
UNK: Greg House : Fine. Maybe the diary proves nothing.
UNK: Greg House : On the other hand, half the country's on anti-depressants
UNK: Greg House : and it fits her symptoms perfectly.
UNK: Greg House : No ring on your daughter's finger means you make the decisions.
UNK: I'm not sure that I know her well enough anymore.
UNK: Greg House : You really wanna risk her life on how well he knows her?