Esposito : So you took it?
Esposito : Without even talking to me?
Esposito : - Bro, that was my idea. - I'm sorry. I'm...
Ryan : You know how stressed out about money I've been lately.
Ryan : A bump in pay would really help.
Ryan : Javi. Hey!
Esposito : No. Save it.
UNK: Hey, Ryan.
Castle : I couldn't help but overhear about your financial concerns.
Castle : Maybe you and I could work together.
UNK: How?
UNK: Well, do a little moonlighting for me.
Castle : Just keep me in the loop as to what's going on at the 12th.
Ryan : You want me to be a rat for you? Hell, no.
UNK: I would pay you $500 a week.
Ryan : I'll do it.
Ryan : Hey, partner.
Ryan : Food truck is here.
Ryan : So I got you some breakfast. Double salsa.
Ryan : Just the way you like it.
Esposito : Oh. Hey, thanks.
Esposito : What the hell?
Esposito : I was just treating that burrito Iike you treated me.
UNK: Okay, I lied to you. I'm sorry. I have responsibilities.
Esposito : I guess looking out for your partner's back isn't one of them.
Beckett : You guys okay?
Esposito : Fine. what's up?
Beckett : I need you to go down to City Hall.
Beckett : Dave's boss said that Dave had an incident there two weeks ago.
Beckett : And his janitorial company was forced to reassign him to another facility.
Ryan : What kind of incident?
Esposito : I think that's what she's sending us down there to find out.
Ryan : Yeah, we're on it.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : What have you got for me?
Ryan : Yeah, apparently,
Ryan : our vic had some sort of confrontation down at City Hall.
Ryan : So we're running down there to talk to the deputy chief of staff.
UNK: Okay, yeah.
Ryan : I love you too, sweetie. Bye-bye.
Castle : That was weird.
Ryan : - What? - Ryan just told me he loved me.
UNK: I'm sure he was just covering.
Alexis : Don't you feel the least bit conflicted about turning him into a mole?
Castle : He's not stealing state secrets.
Castle : I'm just paying him to keep me in the loop on their cases.
Alexis : So you can ingratiate yourself in said cases
Alexis : and find new ways to interact with Beckett.
UNK: Well, if by "ingratiate myself" you mean dazzle her
Castle : with my Sherlockian genius, then, yes, that's exactly what I mean.
Alexis : So what did Ryan say?
Castle : That our victim got himself into some trouble at City Hall
Castle : that might have got him killed.
UNK: So what do you say we call my good buddy the mayor?
Alexis : Dave was a janitor, Dad.
Alexis : I sincerely doubt he was on the mayor's radar.
UNK: Stephen Reed : We fired Dave Johnson after he broke into the accounting office.
UNK: Stephen Reed : And he tried to run when security caught him.
Ryan : Well, what did he say when they caught him?
Stephen : Oh. Some nonsense about being on a mission from God or something,
UNK: which is incredibly disrespectful, given how he got the job in the first place.
Esposito : And how's that?
Stephen : Well, he was recommended by Father Arguello at Saint Mark's.
Ryan : The blind priest?
Stephen : Yeah. So?
Esposito : Dave was killed in Arguello's church.
UNK: Dave Johnson : Oh, um...
UNK: well, look, I'm no detective, but that sounds like a clue.
UNK: Ah. Ifyou'll excuse me.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Looks like we need to talk to the good father. Let's go.