UNK: Oh. I can only guess it was to pray.
UNK: He'd been extremely troubled recently.
Castle : Do you know about what?
Wendy : I think it had to be his research.
Wendy : When Dave left, he told me he met with someone that morning,
Wendy : and things got heated.
Beckett : And who did he meet with?
Wendy : He didn't say. Just that the man was dangerous.
Castle : Well, what was his new book about?
UNK: Um. The mafia.
Esposito : Hey, where's Castle?
Beckett : He took his client home.
Beckett : Remember, he doesn't work cases with us anymore.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : So I found out where our vic was yesterday morning.
Ryan : According to his financials, he took a cab ride to Brooklyn.
Esposito : - Where was he dropped off? - This guy's house.
Ryan : Milton Cicero.
Ryan : Works in sanitation.
Ryan : Word is he's totally mobbed up.
Beckett : If our vic was doing research for his book
Beckett : and he asked too many questions,
UNK: Milton here might have gotten suspicious and taken Dave out.
UNK: Milton Cicero : Okay, he did come to my house.
UNK: Milton Cicero : But I didn't kill him.
UNK: Milton Cicero : I swear.
Esposito : - So, how do you know him? - I don't.
Cicero : He just came over, started asking me all these questions.
Castle : About what?
Cicero : Union kickbacks.
Cicero : He wanted to know where all the money comes from.
Cicero : Say, you two have any idea who he really is?
UNK: - Yeah, he's P.J. Moffet, the novelist. - Yeah.
Cicero : P.J. what? The what?
UNK: No, that is Jimmy "Two Guns" O'Malley.
Ryan : Whoa. wait. Uh...
Ryan : The Irish mobster who ratted out his whole crew back in the '80s?
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: He starts telling me all about witness protection,
Cicero : and how the Feds gave him a new name,
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dave Johnson.
UNK: Hold up. Doesn't the mob have a contract out on Jimmy Two Guns' Iife?
Cicero : Do they?
Cicero : I wouldn't know anything about that.
Ryan : Milton, did you try to collect on that reward?
Ryan : Don't tell me that you made a call up to the mob in Boston.
UNK: I didn't not call them.