UNK: Every author dreams ofwriting the great American novel,
UNK: but P.J. Moffet actually did it.
Castle : On his first try, too.
Castle : The Butcherbird's Song.
UNK: And in 25 years, he never wrote another word.
Alexis : Just one book, then he disappeared from public life.
Alexis : According to Twitter, he was murdered at Saint Mark's on Third.
Castle : That's wonderful.
Alexis : Dad, a little respect for the dead.
Castle : Not wonderful that he was murdered, wonderful where he was murdered.
Alexis : Saint Mark's,
Castle : that's in the jurisdiction of the 12th Precinct.
Castle : And I am an expert on all things P.J. Moffet.
Alexis : So you're still going with the "win Beckett back"
UNK: "by working homicides with her" plan?
Castle : That's how I got her to fall for me the first time.
Castle : That, and when I kiss her, I use the bottom of...
Alexis : Dad, when it comes to your sex life,
Alexis : how about we stick with the after-school special version?
Castle : That's fair.
Alexis : Okay, so what's going to be your way into the case this time?
UNK: Well, all I need is a... A client.
Beckett : You guys, Lanie called.
Beckett : No usable prints from the crime scene, and no hits off ballistics.
Esposito : Yo, The Butcherbird's Song is still a popular novel, right?
UNK: I mean, it's 25 years old,
Esposito : but our victim should still be getting huge royalty checks.
Ryan : Yeah. It's required reading in most high schools.
Esposito : Then why was he living in a one-bedroom apartment,
Esposito : and working as a janitor for the past five years?
Beckett : I'll call the publisher, have them confirm who he is.
Castle : No need.
Castle : We can do that for you.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : Meet my client. This is wendy Johnson, wife of Dave Johnson,
Castle : also known as famed novelist P.J. Moffet.
Castle : We're here to make a statement.
Esposito : Well, we'll escort her to Captain Beckett's office.
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Your client, Castle?
Beckett : Please don't tell me you ambulance-chased this woman.
Castle : Beckett, that is an outrageous accusation.
Castle : I, as a member of the writing community,
Castle : merely went by her home to offer my condolences.
UNK: Hmm. And I suppose you told her that you're a PI
Beckett : who just happens to have connections with the NYPD.
Castle : The topic may have come up.
Castle : You look gorgeous, by the way.