Arguello : They killed him for it.
Ryan : So, what do you think?
Esposito : It tracks with what our victim told his sponsor.
Ryan : And with Dave's questions about union kickbacks.
Beckett : It doesn't matter. It's not actionable.
UNK: There's no way we're gonna get a subpoena for City Hall
Beckett : based on hearsay told to a not-blind priest from a pathological liar.
Esposito : I guess Dave was right. No one believes the boy who cries wolf.
Ryan : So, what are you saying? We give up?
Ryan : Because that's not the Beckett that I know.
UNK: No, I'm not saying that we should give up.
UNK: What I am saying is I've been a captain for about five minutes.
UNK: Ifwe take this to the DA, nobody is gonna take me seriously, ever.
Ryan : Okay. we'll get proof.
Esposito : Money's gone.
UNK: Even ifthere is a secret slush fund, the person controlling it
Esposito : killed Dave to cover it up, buried the money deep,
Esposito : covered his tracks.
Ryan : So, what are we supposed to do?
Beckett : We do our homework.
Beckett : We find out who could pull off a slush fund in the City Budget.
Beckett : Which means we have to talk to someone
Beckett : with contacts and resources in City Hall.
UNK: Someone who's best friends with the mayor?
Ryan : Someone like Castle?
UNK: He's gonna be so smug about this.
Beckett : I'm sorry.
Castle : Did you say you needed my help?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : You heard her say it, right?
Alexis : Dad, let it go.
UNK: Thankyou.
Beckett : Castle, do you have the intel we need or not?
Castle : Tell her.
Alexis : When I was in middle school,
Alexis : Dad did four months of extensive research into the inner working
Alexis : of city finance for a novel he was writing.
Castle : Yes, but then I realized that that novel
Castle : would be the most boring novel in the history of novels,
Castle : so I wrote a Derrick Storm book instead.
Ryan : Okay, so, then you have a pretty good idea
Ryan : of which city officials would be able to hide a $10 million slush fund.
Castle : Yes. And it's a pretty small list.
Castle : The only people with access to the entire budget