UNK: So we're back to transient paralysis and high CK, plus arrhythmia.
House : Masters, when you finally blossom into a woman,
House : would you ever sleep with a man who had a cat?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Wrong, the answer is "no."
UNK: Slut.
House : Any of you ever had a cat?
House : Any of you ever had sex?
Chase : An excess of catecholamine could set off an arrhythmia.
Foreman : It's not a pheo, her blood pressure is fine.
Masters : Maybe we're missing the obvious.
Masters : The heart could be behind everything.
Masters : If it's not pumping effectively, the muscles shut down,
Masters : CK elevates, coordination suffers.
Masters : Why are you asking about cats?
UNK: Curiosity.
House : Can we focus here?
UNK: Her heart problem started when Nadia saw her sister.
Masters : Stress-induced arrhythmia could be caused by long QT syndrome.
Taub : Her sister was barely in the room five minutes.
Masters : She said they'd been estranged for over six years. That's a lot of tension.
House : Run a stress test to confirm long QT.
Chase : It'll have to be drug-induced,
UNK: a treadmill would pull her stitches.
House : Drugs are never the answer.
House : We want her heart to go crazy,
House : there's something simpler and safer.
House : Use the sister.
House : You lied to me.
Cuddy : No, I said I didn't know anything about
Cuddy : Wilson having a friend named Sarah.
Cuddy : Under House rules, that's not a lie.
Cuddy : He's lonely.
UNK: The cat's a nice way for him to get some affection.
House : That's not the kind of puddy tat
House : he needs to be getting it from.
UNK: He needs the puddy tat he can tap.
UNK: Why is this so important to you?
House : After divorce number two,
House : he fell into a committed relationship with a three-legged Siamese,
House : He wasn't able to come back to humanity
House : until a window was left, suspiciously and heroically, open.
House : How that cat opened the window, I will never know.
Cuddy : He just needs more time.
Cuddy : Leave him and the cat alone.
House : I won't if you will.
Elena : Sorry about the daisies.
Elena : I always get it confused if you love or hate them.
Nadia : Do you want to know exactly how many times
UNK: I've told you that I hate them?
Elena : I didn't do it on purpose.
Chase : Her heart rate isn't moving.
Chase : The sister stress pot needs stirring.
Masters : You want me to start a fight?
UNK: No. Just agitate a little.
Chase : Use something from the history.
Chase : You're not lying to them.
Chase : In fact, you'd be telling the truth
Chase : and serving their medical needs.
Masters : You haven't seen each other in a while, huh?
Masters : I heard the story about the time you hit Nadia with the car.
UNK: That must have been pretty scary.
Elena : Why would you tell them that?
Nadia : They asked about broken bones.
Elena : I swear that I checked my mirrors.
Nadia : You know that's a lie.
Nadia : You knew I was getting the mail
Nadia : and you just didn't care enough to check.
Nadia : Just like you didn't care that you ruined my 23rd birthday...
Elena : Nadia, don't start.
UNK: You started it by coming here and acting like you give a crap.
Elena : Here we go again! I'm such a monster because I brought daisies!
Masters : You need to leave right now.
UNK: Is she going to be okay?
Nadia : Elena, get out!