Nadia : That's why I can't stop the memories even when I try.
Nadia : But everything else? My kidneys...
UNK: Your memory was a symptom of a symptom of a larger disease.
UNK: You have McLeod's syndrome. It's a rare genetic disorder
House : that affects the nervous system, blood and can cause
UNK: OCD.
Nadia : Am I gonna die?
Chase : It can't be cured.
Chase : But your various symptoms can be managed with medication.
UNK: Best case scenario, you can live another 20 years.
House : If it's any solace, everybody dies alone.
House : Probably isn't.
Foreman : How'd it go?
Taub : Well, it's hard to choke when you have all the answers.
Foreman : Look at it this way, it's better to suck at taking one test
Foreman : than to suck at saving people's lives.
UNK: Wow!
Taub : Rachel thought it was too big, and I can't keep it in my hotel room.
Foreman : You're giving it to me?
Taub : I couldn't stand the thought of you
Taub : having company over with that other TV.
Taub : It's embarrassing.
UNK: Thanks.
Patient : Thank you.
Foreman : Hey, look. I have the room.
Foreman : You could stay if you wanted to.
Foreman : Just until you find your new place.
Taub : We could do that online from separate houses.
Foreman : Will you shut up?
UNK: Okay.
Chase : How're you feeling?
Taub : Much better.
Chase : I don't believe what House said.
Chase : I'm not sure even House believes it anymore.
Chase : You said you didn't have a choice to be the way you are.
Chase : Now you do.
Chase : These are SSRis. They've been effective in treating OCD.
Nadia : You mean lose my memory?
Chase : Not lose it entirely, it'll just become more like anyone else's.
Nadia : My memory
Nadia : is the only thing that has ever made me special.
Chase : Maybe so.
Chase : But if you want to be special, you're going to have to be alone.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Hey. Hey!
House : Those are for Sarah.
Wilson : Are they poisoned?
House : You and your paranoia.
House : Now, if you'll excuse me,
House : I really should find a better place to store my ragweed.
Wilson : It's a very nice gesture, but it's still in the apartment.
UNK: So, I want to hear all the dirty, dairy-specific details
House : of your night with Java the Slut.
Policeman : All right. First of all, all real.
Wilson : Second, a true connoisseur of the dark arts of...
Wilson : I flaked. I walked her to her car and said good night.
Wilson : I will get back into it. You just need to give me a little more time.
UNK: I'll give you 10 days.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Ew!