UNK: You said you'd be 10 minutes.
Taub : I couldn't decide on the cheese.
Foreman : When are you getting an apartment? Or at least a storage room?
Taub : I'll get to it. I like it here.
Taub : They have Video on Demand.
Foreman : I pulled a practice test I hate practice tests.
UNK: you want to check it out before we start?
Foreman : What are you doing? You've got three days.
Taub : Why is everyone's first assumption
UNK: I'm going to fail this stupid test?
Foreman : Maybe because you did?
Taub : I was recovering from the flu.
Foreman : I don't care if you were dying from Ebola,
Foreman : you shouldn't have gotten less than a 70.
Foreman : You're nothing but excuses and distractions.
Taub : Well, it's a nice match with your condescension and superiority.
Foreman : Enjoy the movie.
UNK: Kevin Spacey is Keyser Söze.
Elena : How is she?
UNK: We've started her on a beta blocker,
Masters : it should keep her heart rhythm under control.
Masters : She'll be fine while we run more tests.
UNK: Did you hear she banned me from her room?
Elena : I know I'm not perfect, but she's...
Elena : She can be such a bitch.
Elena : She never, ever, ever lets anything go.
Elena : Tell Nadia she doesn't need to worry about seeing me again.
Masters : I started the fight.
Masters : We needed her heart rate to rise, so I provoked you.
Elena : You can't play with people like that.
Masters : Maybe if I explained to Nadia...
Elena : No, it doesn't matter.
Elena : It's just one more fight for her to remember.
Elena : Guess you're both bitches.
UNK: Masters.
Chase : Smell her breath. Breathe out.
UNK: Ammonia.
Nadia : What is it?
Masters : I think your kidneys are shutting down.
Taub : Failing kidneys puts the heart back on the list as a symptom.
Chase : Maybe she went vegan because she lost the taste for protein.
Chase : Could be amyloidosis.
Masters : We would have seen a stiff heart on the nuclear study.
Masters : But autoimmune could account for
Masters : multiple organ systems and paralysis.
UNK: There are a number that'd fit : Guillain-Barre, polymyositis...
Foreman : MS, polyarteritis nodosa...
UNK: SLE.
Foreman : Why are you giving me these?
House : 'Cause while they're off running all these tests,
House : you'll be submitting the insurance forms.
Foreman : There's an entire department for that.
UNK: Exactly, the Foreman Department.
House : Of which you're the foreman, Foreman.
UNK: I know you've got the time, since a little wallaby told me
House : that you recently vacated your post as Taub's savior.
Chase : He asked. You're worse than Masters.
Masters : How's this my fault? He doesn't need a tutor,
Foreman : he needs Ritalin and a babysitter.
UNK: Consider the forms incentive.
UNK: If Taub doesn't pass,
UNK: they will become a permanent part of your life.
Taub : This isn't really about Cuddy, is it? It's about you.
Taub : You don't want to lose me.
Taub : I think you care.
UNK: You don't think you can disgust me
House : into pulling Foreman off you.
House : Pulse the patient with steroids for the autoimmune
UNK: and start her on dialysis for the kidney failure.
House : Treat the Taub with insults and small slaps for the obstinacy
House : and start him on studying for the brain failure.
Wilson : No, that's not gonna work. I have a haircut at 4 : 00.