Wilson : I'll be in the... I'll be in the office in about 20 minutes.
Wilson : Yeah, okay.
Wilson : You planted something in my apartment
Wilson : to make me think I'm allergic to Sarah.
House : the parasite linked to crazy cat lady disease.
Wilson : I'm not paranoid.
Wilson : I'm allergic to ragweed and dandelion. I am not allergic to cats.
Wilson : You're trying to gaslight me.
House : Maybe your subconscious
House : is afraid that you're gonna die alone,
House : and it just comes out as gibberish and sneezing.
House : Prove that I'm overreacting. Boy's night out.
House : Good Time Charlie's.
House : They just changed their slogan to
House : "Where the trashiest ladies get trashed."
Wilson : You do see the hypocrisy in all this, don't you?
Wilson : Until recently your lifestyle of choice was self-exile.
UNK: But I never had a cat.
House : Why don't you pick me up at 8 : 00?
Chase : You're gonna need another round of steroids.
Chase : In the meantime, we'll start your dialysis.
Chase : So I heard Elena won't be coming back.
Nadia : You think I was too hard on her?
Chase : We all hold our grudges...
Nadia : It's not a grudge.
Nadia : It's common sense, it's simple math.
Nadia : She's hurt me more than she's helped me.
Nadia : Most people edit their memories.
Nadia : They add small little lies so they don't have to face the truth.
Nadia : My memories remain the same.
Nadia : My truth never changes because my truth is the truth.
Chase : So no one ever gets forgiven?
Henry : Sounds like a lonely way to live.
UNK: No, I do forgive, as long as the good things they do outweigh the...
Nadia : I can't... I can't breathe.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: What? Nothing.
Taub : I just always pictured your place with shag carpet.
Taub : Not because of the black thing.
Taub : I always thought you were more of a Pete...
Foreman : You're limited to this room and Marcus's old room.
Taub : Where's Marcus?
Foreman : He tells me he's working with our uncle in Florida.
Taub : He tells you?
Foreman : You don't look at or touch anything
Foreman : that doesn't belong to you, including food.
Foreman : You will study and you will sleep.
Foreman : You will not leave my sight until the exam.
Taub : Great. I'll be back bright and early tomorrow and we can...
Foreman : This is no longer just about your future, it's about mine, too.
Foreman : You fail, and I will kill you.
Chase : Respiratory distress means we were wrong about autoimmune.
Masters : Could be pulmonary oedema from the renal failure.
UNK: Pulmonary oedema doesn't give you hives.
Chase : You think this is an allergic reaction?
Chase : It can't be, we pumped her full of steroids.
House : It can be if it was a really, really bad one.