UNK: Can you talk to him?
UNK: And say what?
UNK: I don't know. Give him permission or something.
UNK: I need to go over there.
UNK: Everything okay?
UNK: Do I really do that?
UNK: Yes, and it's adorable.
UNK: If it's so adorable why didn't you sleep with me?
UNK: Her-me, not me-me.
UNK: Well, a fictional character that I wrote
UNK: based on you played by Natalie Rhodes? It's just way too meta.
UNK: Meta?
UNK: We really should have a code word so we all know which Beckett to kill
UNK: when her clone army attacks.
UNK: Unless we make a preemptive strike.
UNK: Get through to Jenny yet?
UNK: Still not picking up.
UNK: Don't worry. You'll be laughing about it soon enough.
UNK: - We are. - Thanks.
UNK: So I've been running through all of Stacey's client files.
UNK: Three couples have filed for divorce within the last month.
UNK: Can you believe that?
UNK: You marry the love of your life, the next thing you know they're cheating on you.
UNK: - It's not even... - Ryan.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Anyway, two of the guys have rock-solid alibis for the time of Stacey's murder
UNK: and the third divorce had nothing to do with cheating.
UNK: - What are you guys doing? - Hiding from creepy Beckett.
UNK: We're not...
UNK: Did you find anything on Greta Morgan?
UNK: Yeah. I found something pretty interesting at The Meritage Hotel.
UNK: What?
UNK: Greta Morgan.
UNK: I didn't kill her. I told you where I was that night.
UNK: People saw me.
UNK: Doesn't matter. We already have you on prostitution and extortion.
UNK: So you're looking at ten years.
UNK: But if you decide to help us find the truth,
UNK: I might be inspired to recommend
UNK: that the D.A. give you a suspended sentence.
UNK: What do you want to know?
UNK: Were there any other marks besides Bill Wellington?
UNK: Stacey hated that because of her,
UNK: these women were in relationships with bad men.
UNK: She felt an obligation to give them a way out with dignity...
UNK: The others. How many were there?
UNK: Two.
UNK: I'm going to need their names.
UNK: Their names, Greta. Now!
UNK: Rich Weiss and Scott Donner.
UNK: Tall with dark hair. They both match the description
UNK: of the guy who was sniffing around the Beaumont Hotel.
UNK: We talked to both of those guys.
UNK: You're saying one of them might be the killer?
UNK: Yeah, but which one did it, and how do we prove it?
UNK: By figuring out which cheater went home with his wife.
UNK: And which one stayed behind to commit murder.
UNK: So it comes to this : two phone calls to two wives.
UNK: One of whom has been sleeping with a cold-hearted killer.
UNK: See, this should totally be in the movie.
UNK: No twisty this, no melodramatic that.
UNK: People love twisty thises and melodramatic thats.
UNK: They love what's real. You know, less is more.
UNK: The hardest thing to perform as an actor? Doing nothing.
UNK: Just being still. Being quiet.
UNK: Yeah, I'd love to see that.
UNK: So Rich's wife confirms that after the party,
UNK: the two of them went straight home.
UNK: Yes, thank you.
UNK: Scott's wife confirmed that the two of them went straight home as well.
UNK: But then Scott went back out and met his cousin Benjamin for a drink.
UNK: Only Benjamin doesn't remember having that drink.
UNK: Turns out Scott and his wife left the party an hour before Stacey left,
UNK: giving him plenty of time to get back there and follow her.
UNK: So what do you say, Natalie? You wanna join us on your first arrest?
UNK: Hell, yeah.
UNK: Let's take that cheating dirt-bag down.
UNK: Too much?
UNK: I just usually say, "Let's go."
UNK: See. Less is more.
UNK: Mr. Donner. Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: We're here about Stacey Collins' murder.
UNK: I don't understand.
UNK: I told you everything I know down at the station.
UNK: Yes, but you didn't tell us where you were when she was murdered.
UNK: We know you weren't with your wife.
UNK: Or with your cousin having a drink.
UNK: You lied about that. So where were you?
UNK: I was...
UNK: What did you stand to lose? Thirty, 40 million after the divorce?
UNK: You confronted Stacey, and you asked her for those photos.