UNK: But you didn't go to her party last night.
UNK: But you didn't go to her party last night.
UNK: Why is that?
UNK: That was a great Beckett.
UNK: Yeah, almost creepy-great.
UNK: Not that you're creepy. Just, great.
UNK: Ms. Wellington, we found a Berglin-Eklof bag registered to you,
UNK: containing $250,000 hidden in Stacey Collins' office.
UNK: Can you explain where that came from?
UNK: I'm afraid Ms. Wellington chooses not to answer that question.
UNK: Did you give Stacey that cash?
UNK: What was it for?
UNK: Ms. Wellington, who else knew that she had it?
UNK: Again, my client's asserting her right to not answer.
UNK: And I will remind your client that this is a murder investigation
UNK: and I believe that that bag and money are at the heart of this case.
UNK: Tread lightly, Detective. My client's here as a courtesy.
UNK: And her husband, Bill Wellington, is a powerful man.
UNK: Ms. Wellington, what happened two months ago?
UNK: This meeting's over.
UNK: Torturing yourself?
UNK: Reconsidering, actually.
UNK: I think there's more to her than I thought.
UNK: I think she might surprise you.
UNK: It was actually pretty moving.
UNK: If I'd seen it, which I haven't.
UNK: Thanks, Castle.
UNK: That's... I was... Uh... You're welcome.
UNK: So, where are we?
UNK: Ryan and Esposito are digging into Tonya Wellington.
UNK: What about Duke Jones?
UNK: His neighbor confirm his romantic evening?
Castle : - He... - So did a couple other neighbors
UNK: who complained about the noise. So it looks like Duke Jones alibis out.
UNK: What she said.
UNK: - Can we talk for a second? - Sure.
UNK: She took my coffee, Castle.
UNK: It's just coffee.
UNK: Then what's next? My soul?
UNK: Everything I do, she does.
UNK: Even when I'm thinking, I can feel her in my head
UNK: like some kind of a brain-eating parasite from one of her movies.
UNK: She's a dedicated actress. She just wants to do a good job.
UNK: Hey. No update on what the 250 K was for.
UNK: But I think we found that bad client that Duke Jones mentioned.
UNK: It's Tonya's husband, Bill Wellington.
UNK: Turns out, Tonya's wife number three.
UNK: Bill divorced the other two just before their pre-nups expired,
UNK: leaving them without a dime.
UNK: And get this, he was about to do the same to Tonya.
UNK: He filed for a divorce two months ago.
UNK: So, that's why Stacey became more selective with her clients.
UNK: She knew Tonya would be left with nothing.
UNK: Not exactly nothing.
UNK: The Wellingtons' pre-nup has an infidelity clause, which Bill violated.
UNK: He owes Tonya 100 million bucks for cheating on her.
UNK: She even has the boudoir shots to prove it.
UNK: You have the photographs? From where?
UNK: Her divorce file. Pretty salacious, too.
UNK: Can I see, for a minute?
UNK: Castle, we're looking into a murder, not dirty photos.
UNK: Or maybe we can do both! Look familiar?
UNK: That's Chloe, Duke Jones's assistant.
UNK: The 250 grand?
UNK: That was a payment to Stacey to break up Tonya's pre-nup.
UNK: So Stacey hired Duke in order to get photographic evidence.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Duke's assistant Chloe, here, was the bait.
UNK: And then they honeytrapped Bill Wellington to break up the pre-nup,
UNK: costing him $ 100 million.
UNK: Man, if I were him, I'd be out for blood.
UNK: Let's bring him in.
UNK: You have copies of that file?
UNK: Oh, I copy everything.
UNK: That guy looks like a pit bull.
UNK: I could see him sticking someone through a wrought-iron fence.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Stacey must've felt incredibly guilty putting Tonya in a relationship with him.
UNK: So she decided to level the playing field.
UNK: Legally, does it matter to the case why Stacey did what she did?
UNK: No. But that's what makes Beckett such a great detective.
UNK: She invests in the victim.
UNK: You think I did this to Stacey Collins?
UNK: What's my motive?
UNK: Because of what she did to your marriage.
UNK: It's not like she put a gun to my head and said, "Marry the beast."