UNK: Hey.
UNK: Just so you know, Detective,
UNK: I'm very method,
UNK: so it's all about getting inside of you,
UNK: which starts with observing and noting.
UNK: Okay, well, observe and note away. I'm already used to it.
UNK: I'm sorry, I don't think you heard. I'm Richard Castle.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Oh, I thought your name sounded familiar.
UNK: Hey, I just got off the phone with the guys at the...
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Natalie, this is Detective Kevin Ryan.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Ryan! The call?
UNK: Yeah, looks like our killer took our victim's keys for a reason.
UNK: Uniforms just got to her office. Place has been tossed.
UNK: You guys go to the office, see what the killer was after.
UNK: We'll go interview party guests,
UNK: and see if we can shed some light on what this was all about.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Come on.
UNK: Hello, I'm your creator.
UNK: Who would want to kill a matchmaker?
Beckett : Well, that's what we have to find out.
Beckett : And the first 48 hours are the most critical.
Beckett : After that, evidence gets corrupted, witnesses get less reliable.
UNK: And, oh...
Beckett : I'm so sorry everyone is staring.
Beckett : I already talked to them, but it's just...
UNK: It's not every day we get someone famous in here.
Beckett : Listen up, everybody. This is Natalie Rhodes.
Beckett : She will be shadowing me for a little while,
UNK: so if you want to gawk, just get it over with
Beckett : so we can all get back to work.
UNK: And if anyone wants a picture and autograph, just come on over.
UNK: I can't believe you said it was okay for her to tail us
UNK: without asking me first.
UNK: Not us, Castle. Me.
UNK: Oh, my God. You like her, don't you?
UNK: Yeah. So?
UNK: Well, the way that she beheaded those zombies
UNK: with the samurai sword was pretty cool.
UNK: Yes, it was cool.
UNK: But that does not make her Nikki Heat.
UNK: Nikki Heat is classy, she's complicated.
UNK: She's a thinking man's cop.
UNK: No, we can't judge a book by its cover.
UNK: Yes, actually. Yes, I can, when it's my book.
UNK: And she's a civilian.
UNK: I mean, aren't you afraid she's going to get in the way
UNK: and mess up the case?
UNK: You're kidding, right?
UNK: Hey, Natalie. Want to join in on your first interview?
UNK: Yep, be right there.
UNK: Our killer was definitely after something.
UNK: "Pleased to meet you, Ms. Rhodes." How hard is that to say?
UNK: Now she thinks I'm an idiot.
UNK: Yeah, probably.
UNK: Great. And she's on my list. My Freebie Five.
UNK: You know, celebrities you're allowed to make an exception with
UNK: if you ever got the chance. Jenny even knows.
UNK: I wouldn't worry about it, bro.
UNK: Oh, my God! What happened?
UNK: And you are?
UNK: Julie Taylor. I work here. For Stacey Collins.
UNK: I'm afraid we have some bad news for you, Ms. Taylor.
UNK: Well, I hope we were helpful.