UNK: - Did she tell you who? - Nope.
UNK: - Nature of the ass-biting? - Not that either.
UNK: You called Stacey 20 minutes before she was killed.
UNK: What was it about?
UNK: I'd finished a background check. Was just giving her the down-low.
UNK: And where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: I was banging my neighbor.
UNK: She can vouch for me.
UNK: Great. We'll be sure to talk to her.
UNK: So you think this ass-biting client
UNK: might actually have something to do with Stacey's death?
UNK: Well, a recent conflict in the victim's life,
UNK: it's definitely a red flag so we gotta look into it.
UNK: Excuse me, guys.
UNK: Esposito?
UNK: Yeah, I need you to look into a couple of Stacey's clients.
UNK: She is crazy-smart.
UNK: You know, sexy, commanding. God.
UNK: On a good day, maybe, I'm one out of three.
UNK: That's why you're here, isn't it?
UNK: To learn the ways of Beckett?
UNK: I'm trying.
UNK: You know, Nikki is such a complex, juicy character.
UNK: I just really wanna get her right, you know?
UNK: Is it true you lived in your house's crawlspace for a week
UNK: No.
UNK: A month.
UNK: I told the tabloids a week
UNK: 'cause I didn't want them to think I was obsessive.
UNK: Really? Okay, thanks.
UNK: So CSU had a hit on Stacey's hidden key,
UNK: the one they found in her office.
UNK: What's it for?
UNK: All right. Stop there.
UNK: Odd place to store luggage.
UNK: Whoa! That's a lot of cash.
UNK: It's gotta be at least a couple hundred grand.
UNK: Now we know what our killer was looking for.
UNK: So according to Stacey's assistant, the business barely had any money,
UNK: let alone 250 grand.
UNK: And as for this Berglin-Eklof bag, it's definitely not Stacey's.
UNK: Our vic was a Tumi girl.
UNK: Well, maybe the money belongs to the person who owns the bag.
UNK: Yeah, good luck finding that person.
UNK: You can't pull prints off of this kind of material.
UNK: You can just check the registry.
UNK: Registry?
UNK: That's a $6,000, hand-crafted German bag.
UNK: All Berglin-Eklofs are signed and numbered.
UNK: When you buy it, you register with the company
UNK: in case you lose it or it gets stolen.
UNK: What kind of an idiot would pay six grand for this bag?
UNK: I have a full set.
UNK: There should be a number sewn in there somewhere.
UNK: So a guy from Munich with a Colonel Klink accent
UNK: just e-mailed over the bag registration.
UNK: The owner of this bag is Tonya Wellington.
UNK: You know, you might have just cracked this case wide open.
UNK: - Seriously? - Yeah.
UNK: It's addictive, right?
UNK: That rush you get from solving a crime.
UNK: Yeah. I didn't get that from the script.
UNK: Yeah. You should really read the book.
UNK: I definitely will.
UNK: I knew that name was familiar.
UNK: Tonya Wellington and her husband Bill were invited to Stacey's surprise party.
UNK: But we talked to all the guests. I don't remember that name.
UNK: They were invited, but they declined.
UNK: Let's see if they'll accept an invitation to my interrogation party.
UNK: - So uncanny. - Spooky.
UNK: Sexy.
UNK: Are you doing me?
UNK: I'm just working on your posture.
UNK: You know, it changes depending whether you have a suspect or not.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Like I said. Getting inside your head.
UNK: When I'm done, I'll do you better than you.
UNK: Tonya Wellington. Now.
UNK: Yep.
UNK: You were a client of Stacey Collins. Is that correct, Ms. Wellington?
UNK: Yes. She introduced me to my husband, Bill.