UNK: Wow!
UNK: Are all the folks you interview always that unhelpful?
UNK: It's a numbers game.
UNK: You talk to enough people, something usually shakes out.
UNK: That is going in the movie.
UNK: Yeah, being a cop, it's kind of like being a prospector.
UNK: Gotta sift through a lot a rock before you finally hit gold.
UNK: No. Her line was better. "Usually shakes out."
UNK: Besides client files, was there anything of value here?
UNK: Did she keep cash on hand?
UNK: No. I mean, especially not lately. Business is way down.
UNK: Did you guys take a hit from the economy?
UNK: Mostly it was Stacey. She kept turning down clients.
UNK: Why would she do that?
UNK: All I know is, two months ago she started rejecting applications.
UNK: And here we are, barely making it.
UNK: We think the killer may have followed her from the event.
UNK: Did she have issues with any of the guests?
UNK: Oh, no.
UNK: Those were her success stories.
UNK: Sixty happy couples.
UNK: They put the party together in her honor.
UNK: They wanted her to see how many lives she'd touched.
UNK: You know what's so sad?
UNK: I don't think that Stacey ever found a soul mate for herself.
UNK: That's crazy. Without her, we wouldn't even be together.
UNK: How can she be dead?
UNK: natalie Types Into Her Cell 'beckett : Was there anyone acting strangely at the party?
UNK: Not that we noticed.
UNK: What about after the party, did you see Stacey leave?
UNK: Actually, yeah. Someone picked her up.
UNK: - Any idea who? I didn't see.
UNK: The car's windows were tinted.
Beckett : - What... - What kind of vehicle was it?
UNK: A sports car. It was a Boxster. A silver Boxster.
UNK: Anybody who might have wanted to do her harm?
UNK: - Oh, man. - What?
Castle : Brad Williams. Stacey's boyfriend, until yesterday.
UNK: What happened yesterday?
UNK: When I came in in the morning, they were fighting.
UNK: - About what? - I don't know.
UNK: But they were both pretty upset.
UNK: Brad was screaming, and Stacey just told him to leave.
UNK: I think I heard him say he wanted her to give him something back.
UNK: Do you have any idea what?
UNK: No.
UNK: Excuse me.
UNK: Did Brad know about the party?
UNK: He was gonna be there.
UNK: But then, when they split up, I had to un-invite him.
UNK: Ms. Taylor, does anyone in Stacey's life drive a silver Boxster?
UNK: Yeah. Brad does.
UNK: I was in love with Stacey.
UNK: What makes you think I could possibly kill her?
UNK: If you were so in love with her,
UNK: why did you have a screaming match in her office yesterday?
UNK: We argue. I'm a passionate person.
UNK: Obviously.
UNK: And then after she dumped you,
UNK: you couldn't handle the rejection and so you killed her.
UNK: That's not true.
UNK: When you and Stacey fought, you said you wanted something back.
UNK: - What was it? - My dignity.
UNK: You trashed her office looking for your dignity?
UNK: I didn't kill her and I didn't trash her office.
UNK: Stacey stepped out on me. That's why we broke up.
UNK: And that gives you even greater reason to have killed her.
UNK: She's amazing!
UNK: Look at her eye contact.
UNK: The way she won't let go.
UNK: I love that.
UNK: Are you kidding? I love it.
UNK: Spike Rosenberg is one of my favorite screenwriters.
UNK: Yeah. Not the script.
UNK: I haven't read it.
UNK: You took the part of Nikki Heat without even reading the book?
UNK: Well, Spike made a lot changes in the screenplay.
UNK: I didn't want to confuse the character in my head.
UNK: Changes?
UNK: What changes?
UNK: And then two months ago, she started to pull away.
UNK: Next came some phone calls at odd hours from some guy.
UNK: She wouldn't say who.
UNK: I mean, the signs were all there. I just didn't wanna see them.
UNK: Well, just because she was getting phone calls,
UNK: doesn't mean that she was having an affair.
UNK: I followed her last week. Saw her meet the guy.
UNK: A real low-life.
UNK: When I confronted her, she denied everything.
UNK: I called her a liar.
UNK: And now she's dead.
UNK: And then prior to her death, she was seen getting into your car.
UNK: After the party, I offered her a ride, thinking we could talk.
UNK: - Where did you go? - Nowhere.
UNK: She was barely in the car when he called again.
UNK: I started to get upset, she just got out.
UNK: Then where'd you go after you dropped her off?
UNK: I didn't go anywhere.
UNK: Then noticed I was in front of the Nautilus Diner,
UNK: I went in and was there until after midnight.
UNK: The hostess at Nautilus confirms Brad's story.
UNK: Has him there from a few minutes after 10 : 00 till about midnight
UNK: drowning his sorrows in five orders of baklava.
UNK: Ooh! I love their baklava.