Sam : So, I will see you tonight?
UNK: Yeah.
Sam : Bye, House.
House : Have a nice day.
UNK: "Have a nice day"? How civilized.
House : I said I'd stay out of it.
UNK: What? Nothing.
Wilson : Clearly something.
UNK: Nope.
Wilson : House, on a list of your attributes,
Wilson : there's nothing that even rhymes with "coy."
House : Okay, I may have seen something in the fridge.
House : Like the end of your relationship.
House : She put the milk in the door and not on the shelf.
Wilson : It's not a big deal.
House : You hate that she did that, but you didn't say anything.
Wilson : You're trying to get us to fight.
House : No, I'm trying to help. If you got an issue, let her know.
UNK: I should've known that you weren't done sabotaging this.
UNK: Fine. Stew in your irritation.
House : Sure, last time it bubbled over into resentment and rage,
House : leading ultimately to a painful divorce
UNK: that neither of you have ever really recovered from,
House : but I'm sure this time, it'll be great.
Thirteen : Interesting case, 35-year-old woman
Thirteen : with fever and abdominal pain.
Thirteen : ER ruled out all the usual suspects.
UNK: House puts His Coat On The Chair : Stop before you interest me to death.
Thirteen : And she's in an open marriage.
UNK: Foreman shakes His Head, Amused : That's not interesting. It's just weird.
UNK: House reads The File : Know what's weirder?
UNK: House reads The File : That other humans are monogamous in the first place.
UNK: House reads The File : No other species on the planet mates for life,
UNK: House reads The File : and if you're gonna bring up swans,
UNK: House reads The File : they cheat like everybody else.
UNK: House reads The File : They just have better PR than rabbits.
Taub : Animals also eat their young and kill their rivals.
Taub : That make it weird that most of us don't?
House : Says the guy whose opposable thumbs
House : have been all over how many women who aren't his wife?
UNK: Taub rolls His Eyes : A functional open marriage is like a unicorn.
UNK: Taub rolls His Eyes : It's a mythical creature that doesn't exist.
UNK: Taub rolls His Eyes : Someone always ends up unhappy.
Chase : Our patient's unhappy because she's suffering from an intestinal blockage.
UNK: Boring. Now, I'm gonna have to find a reason to rule it out.
Chase : What about herpes colitis?
Chase : She picks up the infection from one of her partners.
Chase : It takes root in her colon.
Thirteen : STD panel was clean.
Taub : Chances are this couple was unhappy in the first place.
Taub : This is their attempt to save something that never...
Taub : Go on.
Foreman : Herpes might not register if she was exposed in the last six weeks.
House : But it would show up on a barium enema.
UNK: Wait. You're going to do it?
UNK: Gotta see if our patient is a unicorn or just a slutty horse.
UNK: Think how much fun Taub could be having.
House : Barium coats the inner lining of your colon,
House : lets us get a good look at it on the X-ray.
Tom : I can get somebody else to pick up Evelyn.
Tom : I feel like I'm abandoning you.
Julia : I'm on painkillers.
Julia : I'd rather this not be what you think of
Julia : every time you look at my butt.