Tom : I'm sorry.
UNK: Rachel crying : 'Cause I really wanted...
UNK: No.
UNK: I've been an idiot. I don't need anything else. I just need you.
Rachel : You mean that?
House : I do.
Taub : I love you, Rachel.
Rachel : I love you, too.
Taub : Let's go home.
Rachel : Is that okay?
Rachel : There are other doctors.
Foreman : The treatment's not working.
Foreman : Her left kidney failed last night.
Foreman : The other one's right behind it.
Wilson : It's not ankylosing spondylitis.
Chase : Kidney biopsy showed she had IgA nephropathy,
Chase : which could be caused by or associated with any of these conditions.
Taub : We've gone from too few ideas to too many,
UNK: and our patient is running out of time.
House : Why the lack of afterglow?
House : Physio girl not as freaky as you'd hoped?
Taub : I went home with my wife.
UNK: Thirteen puffing : After all that? You chickened out.
Taub : I can't hurt Rachel like that.
UNK: Sickle cell anemia would've shown on blood tests.
Taub : No flattened intestinal villi rules out celiac...
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: Our patient is dying, and we can't move past my sex life?
UNK: Seriously? You think it'd kill her
UNK: if we spent 15 seconds mocking you?
UNK: Chase matter-of-factly : Time's up.
UNK: Chase matter-of-factly : Normal liver enzymes rules out Hep B and cirrhosis.
Thirteen : Alport and Anti-GBM antibody are both untreatable,
Thirteen : so if she has them, we can't help her.
Chase : And it can't be Henoch-Schonlein purpura.
Chase : No inciting respiratory infection and no rash.
House : I don't care what it's not.
UNK: I wanna know what it could be.
Thirteen : Well, everything left on the list.
UNK: House examining The List : The list was not created equal.
UNK: House examining The List : Neither was man, by the way.
Taub : Hemochromatosis is a possibility. Excess iron builds up,
House : causes problems throughout the body.
Foreman : Weil's Syndrome also affects multiple organ systems.
Foreman : And it wouldn't have been treated
Foreman : by the antibiotic the ER gave her.
UNK: Sarcoidosis makes sense, too.
UNK: Good. Treat for those three.
Julia : I think you should call Tom.
UNK: Am I going to die?
Thirteen : I don't know.
Julia : If he walked in here right now,
UNK: I'd look at his face, and all I would think is "liar."
Thirteen : Don't you think that's kind of unfair?
Thirteen : You say honesty is all-important,
Thirteen : but you conveniently ignore the truth
Thirteen : that some truths hurt people.
Thirteen : Tom lied to protect you.
Julia : He was covering his ass.
Thirteen : I'm not talking about the money.
Thirteen : Tom hasn't slept with anyone else in over a year.
Julia : He told you that?
Julia : So my entire marriage is a sham.
UNK: No.
Damien : Your husband, who only wants you,
Thirteen : lied so that you could be happy.
Thirteen : That seems pretty real to me.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Hey. Hey.
UNK: Sam she Closes The Door. : Listen, I'm sorry.
Wilson : Me, too. I shouldn't have said...
UNK: Sam interrupting Him : No. You were right. I was selfish back then.
UNK: Sam interrupting Him : I'm trying to change.
UNK: Sam interrupting Him : And I don't know if it's House or what,
UNK: Sam interrupting Him : but you're different, too.
House : I'm trying.
Wilson : I always thought that I was keeping the peace.
Wilson : But I was just resenting you
Wilson : and giving you a reason to leave.