UNK: Sam it's Her Turn To Shout : it was like talking to a block of ice.
UNK: Sam it's Her Turn To Shout : You were obviously so pissed off at me...
Wilson : I was killing myself so that you could take that non-paying internship.
UNK: Sam cuts Him Off : That you said that I should take.
UNK: Wilson yelling : I was trying to be supportive!
UNK: Wilson yelling : Why do I have to be the bad guy?
Sam : Expressing yourself does not make you the bad guy.
UNK: Wilson coldly : Okay, then, you were being a selfish bitch.
UNK: VIQ scan confirmed the spot on Julia's lung was a clot.
UNK: House sitting, Legs On The Desk, Playing With A Rubber Band : Think there's a chance the husband's a plushie?
Thirteen : If he has a secret, I highly doubt it's more relevant than the clot.
House : Clotting disorder would explain everything.
House : Question is, which one?
Cuddy : Do you read any of your departmental memos?
House : Only the ones labeled NSFW.
UNK: Cuddy goes To A Table, Takes Some Papers : Accounting notified you two days ago about your patient's insurance.
UNK: Sorry. That's NNSFW.
UNK: Cuddy handing Him The Papers : Here. He doesn't have any. Try not to bankrupt them.
House : I'm long past the number of procedures that'll bankrupt them.
Thirteen : Julia's got insurance. I saw the policy number on the forms.
Cuddy : The policy lapsed due to non-payment.
Cuddy : I already made three calls about this.
UNK: She should have been aware of that.
UNK: No, that's just a mistake.
UNK: Julia sounding Tired : Of course we have health insurance.
UNK: Tom his Shoulders Have Dropped A Little : We're actually a little behind on the premiums.
UNK: Tom his Shoulders Have Dropped A Little : But I pulled money out of my retirement account to cover it.
UNK: Tom his Shoulders Have Dropped A Little : They said that we'll be fine in a few...
Julia : Why the retirement account?
Thirteen : We'll just give you a few minutes to...
House : By "we," she means "she."
Tom : I lost all of our savings.
UNK: House turns To Thirteen : Sounds like a secret to me.
UNK: Thirteen Enters : I started her on heparin to prevent further clots,
UNK: Thirteen Enters : but we still don't know what's going on.
UNK: House pacing, Still Shaking His Rubber Band With The Hand Not Holding The Cane : Of course the husband's secret was money.
UNK: House pacing, Still Shaking His Rubber Band With The Hand Not Holding The Cane : If it's not sex, it's always money.
UNK: House pacing, Still Shaking His Rubber Band With The Hand Not Holding The Cane : Unless it's sex for money.
UNK: House pacing, Still Shaking His Rubber Band With The Hand Not Holding The Cane : How did he lose it anyway?
Thirteen : It's not medically relevant. You're not going to care.
House : Wilson's been teaching me how to care. Try me.
Thirteen : He builds wind turbines and leases them out to local power companies...
Taub : You're right. I don't care.
UNK: Clotting disorder. DIC, Factor V Leiden, Antiphospholipid syndrome.
Thirteen : Vitamin K deficiency also fits,
Thirteen : causes thrombophilia and is consistent with abdominal pain.
Wilson : Congratulations, House. Sam ended it.
UNK: Thirteen concerned : What happened?
House : Go test our patient's blood.
Thirteen : It can wait five minutes.
House : For everything we discussed.
Tom : I'm sorry.
UNK: Wilson sighing : Well, at least you're actually taking responsibility for once in your life.
UNK: I'm sorry that she left, but it's not my fault.
UNK: House correcting : I didn't even want to get involved.
UNK: House correcting : You dragged it out of me.
UNK: Wilson looking Puzzled : What about the dishwasher and the banana?
UNK: Yeah, she left because of the banana.