Sam : I wish we had this fight 10 years ago.
Wilson : Is it okay if we don't give House the credit?
Sam : I recommend it.
UNK: 0-for-3, her kidney function is still declining.
UNK: We're going to need to start dialysis.
UNK: Glad the husband's back.
House : After missing so many little deaths,
House : he should be here for the big one.
House : Top six, anyone?
Taub : Polyarteritis Nodosa?
UNK: We would've seen some improvement on prednisone.
UNK: Guy's wife is dying. He stops to buy flowers.
Thirteen : They're from his garden. Mercury poisoning fits.
House : Those are lilacs.
House : My mom used to grow lilacs.
House : My dad made her get rid of them
House : 'cause there were too many bees.
UNK: We ruled out HSP because there was no inciting respiratory infection.
House : But in rare cases, it can also be triggered by a bee sting.
Thirteen : We also ruled it out because there's no rash.
House : Maybe we just didn't see it.
House : Have you been stung by a bee recently?
Julia : About a month ago.
Julia : What's going on?
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : I think your wife has Henoch-Schonlein purpura,
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : systemic vasculitis that can cause lesions
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : and inflammation throughout the body.
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : It's pretty awful,
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : which explains why it was named after a German. Actually, two Germans.
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : Lesions can pop up in the heart,
UNK: sometimes in the kidneys.
UNK: House starts Examining Julia's Skin : But always on the skin. Means you'd have a rash somewhere.
House : I don't.
House : Not that you know of.
UNK: Okay, I'm going to have to check your holes. I'll start with the mouth.
House : If there's nothing there, then things might have to get kinky.
UNK: Say "ah."
UNK: Ah.
UNK: I was kind of hoping for kinky.
Tom : Is that good or bad?
Thirteen : We'll treat her with high-dose IVIg and cyclophosphamide.
Thirteen : You should be fine.
UNK: I'm going to be okay.
Julia : I love you.
House : That is adorable.
House : Other than you still wanting to have sex with other dudes
House : and him bankrupting your family,
House : I think you kids are pretty much home free.
UNK: And...
House : You two made up?
UNK: No.
House : You can thank me later.
UNK: I'm all in.
UNK: Wilson he Smiles At Her, And Doesn't Acknowledge House's Presence. : All right.
UNK: Fold. Jesus.
UNK: Nervous?
UNK: I'm getting there. I'm getting some nervousness.
Taub : You need a hand?
UNK: Thanks.
Taub : Sorry about canceling the other night.
Wilson : Me, too.
Maya : You wanna go somewhere?