UNK: You guys? Stop!
UNK: I know you're acting mad because it'll make it easier to leave.
UNK: But deep down, you're really sad. Deep, deep down.
Monica : -No, Phoebe, I am mad! -Well, deep down!
UNK: I'm just mad.
Phoebe : Then keep running.
Chandler : You win!
Joey : -What did you have? -Nothing beats...
Chandler : a three and a six.
UNK: That, my friend, is "D Cup."
UNK: How much have you won so far?
UNK: -700. -Not 700 exactly?
Chandler : Double it.
Chandler : In Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
UNK: I didn't make up the rules.
Chandler : Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get one card.
Chandler : That one card could be worth $100, which brings your total to $1500.
UNK: Don't get excited, that won't happen unless you get the.. No way!
Monica : This is the last box of your clothes.
UNK: I'm just gonna label it "What were you thinking?"
Rachel : I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
UNK: Guys, I don't wanna make things worse, but...
UNK: I don't wanna live with Rachel anymore.
UNK: You're so mean to each other.
UNK: I don't wanna end up like that with Rachel. I still like you.
UNK: That's fine because I'm not moving.
Monica : Phoebe, you gotta take her.
UNK: I said some bad stuff...
UNK: but Rachel has qualities that make her a good roommate.
Rachel : Like what, Monica?
UNK: She has 147,000 pair of boots.
Rachel : Good start, Mon.
Monica : She lets you borrow them.
UNK: And you stretch them out with your big old clown feet.
Monica : Do you wanna live outside? Because it's getting cold!
UNK: She gets tons of catalogs and folds down the pages of things I'd like.
Rachel : What else?
Monica : When I take a shower...
UNK: she leaves me notes on the mirror.
UNK: I do. I do do that.
UNK: That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Monica : When I fall asleep on the couch...
UNK: she covers me with a blanket.
UNK: Well, you know, I don't want you to be cold.
UNK: And when I told her I was gonna move in with Chandler...
Monica : she was really supportive.
Monica : You were so great.
Monica : You made it so easy.
Monica : And now you have to leave.
Monica : And I have to live with a boy!
UNK: It's gonna be fine.
UNK: Now I can't wait to live with you!
Phoebe : You know what we should do?
UNK: Bring Monica, and we'll live together! We'll have so much fun!
UNK: I think she's moving in with Chandler.
UNK: Oh, that's right. You're still set on that?
Ross : Kind of.
Joey : Oh, my God!
UNK: How's the packing going?