UNK: Thanks for coming by.
UNK: We wanted to bounce some ideas off of you about the wedding ceremony.
UNK: - What's the matter? Are you okay? - It's just...
UNK: Monica said, "wedding."
Monica : We thought one of you could read something.
Rachel : I would love to read a poem.
Chandler : Do you think you could get through a poem?
Rachel : A short one.
Monica : Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
UNK: Okay, yeah, I guess I can do that too.
UNK: Too?
Ross : I kind of have something else planned for you guys.
Monica : - Do you mind telling us what it is? - Sorry.
UNK: I'm kind of keeping this one on the q. T.
Chandler : Whatever it is, I hope it involves winking.
Joey : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I talked to one of the DOOL writers...
Monica : - What is DOOL? - Days of Our Lives.
UNK: You're not gonna believe it. My character is coming out of his coma!
UNK: - That's wonderful. - Wow, Joey.
Joey : And not only that, I'm getting a new brain!
Chandler : So great things are happening at work and in your personal life.
UNK: You're getting a new brain?
UNK: They're killing off one of the characters on the show...
UNK: ...and her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Ross : What? A brain transplant?
UNK: Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
UNK: It's ridiculous.
UNK: It's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
UNK: It's winter. There are fewer people on the street.
Monica : Who are they killing off?
Joey : Cecilia Monroe. She plays Jessica Lockhart.
UNK: No!
UNK: She's my favorite character on DOOL.
UNK: Nice.
Rachel : She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces.
UNK: I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
UNK: The way she slaps people. Wouldn't you love to do that?
UNK: Don't do it.
UNK: - Cecilia Monroe, what a great actress. - Tell me about it.
UNK: And she's been on the show forever.
UNK: It's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Ross : Help me out here.
Ross : When you come out of the brain transplant...
Ross : ...you are going to be her?
UNK: Yes, but in Drake Ramoray's body.
Joey : Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist.
UNK: The One With Joey's New Brain
Phoebe : Yeah? Why?
Rachel : Mainly because he's kissing that other guy.
Phoebe : Oh, no, not that guy there. That guy right there.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, he's too cute to be straight.
Phoebe : Knockers will help us figure it out.
Rachel : All right, straight.
Rachel : And not subtle.
Phoebe : He left his cell phone.
UNK: We could hand it to Gunther to put it in lost and found.
Phoebe : Or we could use it to call China, see how those guys are doing.
UNK: What if he calls his own cell phone and I answer...
Rachel : ...and we start talking and we fell in love?
Rachel : Wouldn't that be a great story?
Rachel : Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.