Farrah : What are we doing now?
Alexis : He's using the graphite from his mechanical pencil
Alexis : to make fingerprint powder.
Castle : I saw this on MacGyver once.
Castle : You know, I actually met Richard Dean Anderson.
Castle : You know what he... Can you please do it already?
Castle : All right. Thank you.
Farrah : It's actually working.
UNK: Sweet.
UNK: Okay, yeah.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I got a hit off the FBI database.
Beckett : Aiman Haddad.
Tory : He's a Syrian national in the US on a student visa.
Tory : Enrolled at Hudson University. Twenty-four years old.
Beckett : Wait, if he's here legally,
UNK: then why would he be traveling on a stolen passport?
Tory : It might be because the FBI has him on the No-Fly list.
Beckett : For what reason?
Tory : Apparently, Aiman Haddad is affiliated with ISIS.
Beckett : He's a terrorist.
Esposito : It gets worse.
Esposito : I just talked to Haddad's roommate at Hudson.
Esposito : He said that Haddad had recently become super religious
UNK: and sold all of his stuff.
Esposito : And when the roommate asked why,
Esposito : Haddad said that he wasn't gonna be needing it anymore.
Beckett : We gotta tell Castle.
Castle : Yeah. Thank you for letting me know.
Castle : I'll call you later.
Alexis : What is it? What did Beckett say?
Castle : I want you to go back to first class. Stay there until I tell you.
UNK: Okay. Be careful, Dad.
UNK: Okay.
Debbie : I take it he's a bad guy.
Castle : He's on the No-Fly list, and for good reason.
Jim : So he's a terrorist? Oh, my God.
Castle : He murdered the air marshal.
Castle : Now, that is a bold act,
Castle : committed by someone not concerned
UNK: with what happens to him once the plane lands.
Jim : Because maybe the plane won't be landing.
Castle : I think we can assume the worst.
Castle : Assume that his plan is bigger than killing Kyle Ford.
Debbie : Okay. We know what to do. First, we isolate him if possible.
Jim : I'll control his hands
Jim : so he doesn't go for the gun or, hey, something worse.
Farrah : I'll get the zip ties to secure him.
Castle : Good. And like you said, I think we should to do this quietly,
Castle : try to get him out of his seat and away from the other passengers.
Debbie : I could page him back to the rear galley.
Castle : Then he might get suspicious. That's too risky.
Castle : If he realizes we're trying to take him down,
Castle : he may do something desperate.
UNK: Watch out!
Marilyn : Hey, what are you doing?
Castle : What's going on?
Castle : Open the door!
Castle : Open the door!
Castle : Can you understand what he's saying?
UNK: Who is that? Who are you talking to?
Castle : What are you saying?
Castle : What was he saying?
Farrah : He said, "They know, and it'll all be over soon."
UNK: Yo, Beckett. I just got off with Homeland Security.
Esposito : The number that Haddad was calling
Esposito : was traced to a Syrian mobile account.