Lanie : It's just another body. You've done this plenty of times before.
Alexis : It's not the body I'm worried about.
Alexis : It's the person who killed him and took his gun.
Lanie : And looking at this, there is something
Lanie : I can tell you about who that person is.
UNK: Dad.
Castle : You and Lanie find something?
Alexis : No signs of a struggle,
Alexis : but it looks like Ford died
Alexis : from a single blow to the back of the head.
Alexis : The left parietal bone.
Castle : So the killer must have caught him by surprise.
Alexis : The bigger news is
UNK: that the angle of the blow indicates
Alexis : whoever did this was left-handed.
Castle : Statistically speaking, that rules out almost everyone on the plane.
Castle : Good work.
Alexis : The gay couple? Are they suspects?
Castle : Nah, I really doubt it.
Alexis : Then why do you have their selfies?
Castle : Well, I emailed them to myself off their phone.
UNK: It's a long story.
Castle : Almost as long as the one about how they met.
Castle : But they took these
UNK: near the time that Air Marshal Ford was at the back of the plane.
UNK: I was hoping he'd show up in one of them, along with the killer,
Castle : but no luck.
Alexis : Not even in the video?
UNK: Actually, I didn't check out that one.
UNK: Hello!
Chris : We did it! Yeah!
Castle : In the background. There he is. That's Ford.
Alexis : But he's not with anybody.
Alexis : He was checking the overhead bin.
Castle : Yeah, but for what? Not his own bag.
Castle : He was up here in first with us.
Alexis : Let's play it again.
Castle : Maybe something's in there? Ford said he was onto a possible threat.
Alexis : But he's not even looking inside.
Castle : Because the overhead bin is a ruse.
Castle : See how Ford is glancing over his shoulder?
Castle : He's clocking someone.
UNK: You're right. It's this guy.
Alexis : 26B. And look,
Alexis : he realizes Ford is watching him.
UNK: 26B. 26B. Isadore Baldon.
Castle : Isadore Baldon, 25, of Brooklyn.
Beckett : No criminal record,
UNK: but we have a problem, Castle.
Castle : What's the problem?
Beckett : He doesn't match the man that you described.
Beckett : We contacted Baldon. He's actually here in town.
Beckett : His passport was stolen weeks ago.
UNK: Whoever is sitting in 26B, it's not Isadore Baldon.
UNK: Or maybe that's why Ford was watching him.
Castle : He got on to that somehow.
Beckett : And then, moments later, Ford was murdered.
Castle : I think we found our killer.
Farrah : What's he doing?
Castle : Sweating bullets. He's nervous.
Jim : Of course he's nervous. He just killed Kyle Ford.
Farrah : We don't know that, Jim.
Jim : He's flying on a stolen passport.
Jim : He requested a seat in the back, near the cargo hold.
Jim : You saw the video.
Castle : Ford was watching him, and now he's dead.
Jim : Debbie, you can't tell me he doesn't meet the criteria
Jim : for posing a threat to passengers and crew.
Debbie : No, he definitely does. Under the circumstances,
Debbie : we're empowered to detain him, and we have the training to do so.
Castle : I don't think you should, not just yet.
Debbie : Well, you're not responsible for the people on this plane. We are.
Farrah : Yeah. And if he did it, he has a gun.
UNK: And I, for one, don't wanna wait for him to start shooting it.
Castle : And what if he's not our guy?
Castle : You go out there and take him down,
UNK: it would start a panic, alert the real killer.
UNK: And he may pull the gun anyway.
Debbie : Okay. So what do you propose?
Castle : We need to identify him.
Castle : Figure out who it is we're dealing with.
Castle : Isn't it about time for another drink service?
Jim : It would be, except for that
Jim : the airline's cut back, so now we're only allowed...
Castle : Jim, Jim!
Castle : My treat.
UNK: Trash.
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you. Thank you very much.
Farrah : Can I take that for you, sir?
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you so much.
Castle : Well played, Farrah.