Beckett : Castle, did you hear that?
Castle : Yeah. Do we know who he was calling?
UNK: No. State's trying to
Beckett : coordinate with the Syrian government,
Esposito : but they're not expecting any kind of cooperation.
UNK: Aiman Haddad : You're making a mistake! I have rights!
UNK: Okay, we checked his seat
Debbie : and his carry-on, and there's no sign of a gun.
Castle : Beckett, we can't find the gun.
Beckett : Well, he might have hidden it somewhere,
Beckett : or he has a partner who's on board.
Beckett : Either way, Castle, you're gonna have to interrogate him.
UNK: Me?
Beckett : You've been with me in hundreds of interrogations.
Castle : Yeah, just never when my life depended on it,
Castle : along with everyone else's.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I have more bad news.
Ryan : According to the airline,
Ryan : Haddad has a checked bag on the flight.
Ryan : FBI needs you to locate and search it.
UNK: Great. And if we find something?
Esposito : In the event there's an explosive device,
Esposito : the bomb squad will talk you through it.
Castle : We need to find his luggage.
Jim : - I'll go with you. - No, no, no.
Debbie : I need you and Farrah upstairs keeping things calm.
Farrah : The passengers are starting to ask questions.
Jim : What did you tell them?
UNK: That a gentleman had too much to drink.
Debbie : But I'm not sure they believed me.
UNK: I'll go. The faster we find it, the safer we'll be.
Castle : All right, wish me luck.
Beckett : You don't need it. You've done this a million times.
Castle : I'll let you know if I find anything.
Haddad : Please, this is all a terrible mistake.
Castle : What's your name?
Castle : Isadore Baldon.
Castle : Maybe we should try this again.
Castle : We know you are Aiman Haddad, and that you have ties with ISIS.
UNK: Now, what is your plan, and who are you working with?
Haddad : I don't know what you're talking about.
Farrah : "They know, and it'll all be over soon."
Castle : That's what you said upstairs on the phone.
UNK: So who were you talking to?
Haddad : Why should I answer when I can see you won't believe me?
UNK: It's in here.
Alexis : Anything like this ever happen on a flight before?
UNK: Closest I came was a 90-year-old who had a heart attack.
UNK: Luckily, that one had a happy ending.
Alexis : This one will, too.
UNK: Yeah. How long have you been doing this?
Debbie : Thirty years. Thought I'd seen it all.
Debbie : Every crazy passenger, every country... Now this.
Alexis : If anyone can figure it out, my dad can.
UNK: Hmm. Good thing he's on this flight.
Debbie : You're lucky to have family like that.
Alexis : Yeah. I guess I am.
Alexis : What about you? You have kids?
Debbie : Ah, what can I say? It was always up in the air.
Debbie : Got it. Isadore Baldon. This is his bag.
Castle : Now, I'm not a cop, and I'm not an air marshal.
UNK: But I'm gonna find out what you're up to.
Castle : Do you know why?
Castle : Because my daughter is on this plane,
Castle : and I'm not going to let anything happen to her.
Haddad : I am not a terrorist.
Castle : You're on the No-Fly list.
Haddad : Only because my idiot cousin decided to join ISIS.
Castle : You're flying on a stolen passport.
Haddad : I couldn't travel under my own name, so how else should I fly?
Castle : Why the sudden urgency to fly in the first place?
Haddad : I need to go back to Syria.
Castle : Why? What's your mission?
Haddad : My mission?
Haddad : I have to go home. My mother is very sick.
Haddad : Pancreatic cancer.
Haddad : I petitioned the TSA, I went through the proper channels.
Haddad : But now she only has a few weeks to live.
Haddad : She is the one I was talking to on the phone.
Castle : Explain this.
Castle : See how the air marshal is staring right at you?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : He's the air marshal?
Haddad : He saw I was nervous, didn't he?
Haddad : Is he the reason I'm being detained?
Castle : Yeah, you might say that.
Castle : He realized you were up to something,
Castle : so you followed him to the back
Castle : of the plane and you killed him.
Haddad : Killed him? What do you mean?
Castle : We found him right over there.
Haddad : No. No, no, no!
Haddad : In fact, seconds after that,
Haddad : this man got numerous texts on his phone
UNK: and then began texting back, and then he rushed off!
UNK: Look, this is the last I saw of him.
Castle : We have his phone, Haddad. He only sent one text.
Haddad : No. I know what I saw. He got a bunch of texts.
Haddad : Five at least.
UNK: Dad, could I see you for a second?
UNK: Anything?
Alexis : We checked his luggage.
Alexis : No gun, no device. Nothing that speaks to terrorism.
Beckett : Look, State can't confirm the story about the sick mother,
Beckett : but part of Haddad's story checks out.
Esposito : Turns out that Air Marshal Ford
Esposito : had a second phone on the flight.
Ryan : It was his personal cell.
Castle : Well, we didn't find a second phone on the body.
Beckett : Well, if it had evidence on it,
Beckett : it's possible the killer removed it.
Castle : Can we recover his texts without the phone?
Ryan : Yeah, but it's gonna take some time
Ryan : to get the phone company to release them.
UNK: Well, time is something we don't have.
Beckett : And none of this clears Haddad.
Beckett : This could all be a smokescreen.
Esposito : Something for us to chase while his real plan unfolds.
Castle : We need that phone.
Castle : If Ford was texting, he must have