UNK: Please. You have to believe me.
Castle : I can't afford to.
Castle : Jim, take her down below. Make sure she's secure.
UNK: Please.
Alexis : What's wrong?
Castle : I don't know. Just...
Castle : When I told her Ford was dead, her reaction seemed so real.
Alexis : Dad, the gun and phone were in her purse. She's left-handed. I...
Haddad : No, I know. I know, everything fits.
Castle : But why buy a prepaid phone online,
Castle : just to pick it up at the airport store minutes later?
Castle : Why not just walk into the store and buy it?
Castle : And why use a credit card that can be traced back to her? Unless...
UNK: Unless it was part of the plan,
Castle : to give us the perfect suspect so we'd stop looking for the truth.
Alexis : You think someone set her up?
Castle : I think something else is going on here.
Beckett : Look, Castle, you've been through a lot up there,
Beckett : so maybe your storyteller's imagination's getting the best of you.
Castle : I'm telling you, there's a lot more going on here.
Castle : Someone wants us to think this is over, but it's not.
Ryan : Castle may be right.
Beckett : We contacted the Air Marshal Service.
Farrah : Ford wasn't filling in for anyone.
Esposito : He requested to be on that flight.
UNK: We also double-checked Ford's financial records
Ryan : and we found a transaction that just posted.
UNK: It turns out $9,950 was wired to his bank account
Ryan : just minutes before take-off.
UNK: Just under the $10,000 mark. Someone didn't wanna tip off the feds.
Esposito : Whatever's going on up there, Ford is involved.
Castle : Who's the money from?
UNK: This guy. Victor Kristoph Dietrich.
Ryan : He's a wealthy German industrialist.
Ryan : Big name in the import-export business.
Ryan : US Customs officials had flagged him several times
Ryan : for violations, but nothing ever stuck.
Alexis : Do you think Ford requested to be on this flight
Alexis : because Dietrich paid him to be on it?
Castle : Yes. But why?
Beckett : Where is Dietrich?
Esposito : His office is two blocks away.
Beckett : I want him here, now.
Castle : All right.
UNK: Victor Dietrich : I am sorry, detectives, but I've never seen him before.
Beckett : Then why was $10,000 transferred
Beckett : from your bank account to his, Mr. Dietrich?
Dietrich : Must be some kind of banking error.
Beckett : No, it's not. Both of your financial institutions confirmed it.
Dietrich : It isn't a crime to give a gift.
Beckett : Oh, so it's a gift now? To someone that you don't even know?
Ryan : What were you paying the air marshal for, Mr. Dietrich?
Dietrich : This has been delightful, but I'm afraid I have to go.
Ryan : Um, no. You're not going anywhere.
Dietrich : You have no cause to hold me.
Beckett : Actually, we do.
Beckett : As a material witness.
Dietrich : A witness to what?
Beckett : The murder of a federal air marshal on a transatlantic flight.
UNK: Murder?
UNK: Air Marshal Ford is dead?
UNK: Yes. Now, what was the money for?
UNK: Security.
Castle : What kind of security?
Dietrich : I consult with Brampton's Auction House.
Dietrich : I hired Mr. Ford to provide protection
Dietrich : for a piece we acquired from the Met
UNK: that was being transported on that plane.
Beckett : What kind of a piece?
UNK: It is an Art Deco-era Louis Callay Celestialis watch,
Dietrich : worth $13.3 million.
Ryan : And Ford was carrying it?
Dietrich : He was merely keeping an eye on it.
Dietrich : One of our in-house apprentices
Dietrich : is actually wearing the timepiece.
Ryan : You gave an apprentice a $13-million watch?
Beckett : Yeah, it's a common auction house practice.
Beckett : They fly an employee to a foreign country
Beckett : wearing the goods so that they don't have to claim it or pay taxes on it.
Dietrich : With such a valuable piece, I wanted real security for the flight.
Dietrich : And Ford was backing up my courier. That was all.
Beckett : Except that wasn't all. Something went awry.
Dietrich : Yes. The courier stopped replying
Dietrich : to my texts shortly after take-off.
Beckett : What was the courier's name, and where was he sitting?
Castle : Aaron Rich? Aaron, wake up!
UNK: Hey! I think he's been drugged. Wake up!
Farrah : Mr. Castle, what are you doing?
Alexis : It's part of the investigation.
Farrah : The suspect is in custody!
Castle : Maybe not.
Haddad : No, no, no, no.
Aaron : No, I wasn't supposed to fall asleep.
Castle : Thank God.
Aaron : Hey! Hey. Let go of me!
Castle : Don't thank God just yet.
Castle : This watch is a fake.
Castle : The real Celestialis is self-winding. This watch has a knob,
UNK: which means this was never about terrorism.
Castle : It was about a heist.
Marilyn : I don't understand.
Castle : You're wearing a knockoff.
Castle : It got switched out while you were sleeping.
Castle : You weren't supposed to realize it
Castle : until you were off the plane and the real watch was long gone.
Alexis : That obnoxious guy who had his seat changed,
Alexis : was this originally where he was supposed to sit?
Farrah : Yes, but Mr. Ford put in a request for that seat two days ago.
Farrah : And air marshals get priority, so the system assigned it to him.
Castle : He knew it was the perfect vantage point
Castle : from which to watch the watch.
UNK: But the thief must've found out.
Castle : And they couldn't steal the watch
Alexis : with an air marshal sitting right there.
Alexis : So they had to lure Ford out of first class.