UNK: "To Farrah, may the greatest mysteries of your life
UNK: "lie ahead.
UNK: "Richard Castle."
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you so much.
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : You know, our pilot is also a huge fan.
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : You think you could sign a book for her, too?
Castle : I'd love to. All I ask in return
Castle : is that she deliver us to Heathrow safely.
Man : Hey! Hey.
Farrah : Um... Enjoy your stay in London, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you.
Man : I got bumped out of my assigned seat. You said you'd fix it.
Farrah : I said you had my apology. This is the only seat available in first.
Man : Do you know who I am?
UNK: Alexis Castle : I don't know who he is, but I know what he is. A giant ass...
Castle : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Alexis : Dad, when did you become such a nervous flyer?
Castle : I'm not. I just don't like turbulence,
Castle : or a sudden drop in cabin pressure, or mechanical problems,
Castle : or crashing.
Alexis : There's nothing to worry about.
Alexis : It's just a little bumpy air, that's all it is.
Castle : Air, by nature, should not be bumpy.
Alexis : Just look at the flight crew.
Alexis : If they're up and smiling, then everything is fine.
Castle : Yes, well, they're up, but they are not exactly smiling.
Alexis : Dad, it's a long flight.
Alexis : You should really focus on something else,
Alexis : or it'll seem even longer,
Alexis : for both of us.
Castle : Fine. I shall ignore the grim specter of death and focus...
Castle : Focus on our itinerary.
Castle : All right. A car is going to pick us up from the hotel,
Castle : whisk us off to the Sherlock Holmes Society,
Castle : where I will speak to my fellow mystery writers about...
UNK: Actually, I made plans for tonight.
UNK: Wh... What plans? With who?
Alexis : Some friends who are doing their semester abroad in London.
Alexis : We're meeting at a pub in South Ken.
Castle : But the, um, Sherlock Holmes Society
Castle : is convening at 221b Baker Street.
Castle : You don't want to miss the actual home of Sherlock Holmes.
Alexis : You do know he's fictional, right?
Castle : Yes, but his address is real.
Castle : And I will be speaking.
Castle : And if you're not there, who will be proud of me?
Alexis : I'm always proud of you, Dad.
Alexis : But I've heard you speak a million times.
UNK: I know what you're gonna say.
Castle : That is improbable.
Alexis : You'll say you don't believe in writer's block,
Alexis : that you wrote your first novel to impress a girl,
Alexis : that reading great writers inspires you,
Alexis : and drinking with them inspires you
Alexis : to beat them on the bestseller list.
Castle : Okay. Clearly, I need to develop some new material.
Castle : But this was supposed to be old-fashioned father-daughter time.
Alexis : Dad, watching you speak to your cronies
Alexis : isn't exactly father-daughter time.
UNK: Besides, I'm not 12. We don't have to be attached at the hip.
Castle : Okay. That impending specter of death, it's back.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Hey, Beckett. How did you get in there?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Through the magic of Wi-Fi.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I figured you'd be online.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So I thought that you would want an update.
UNK: Kate Beckett : We solved the case. The racecar driver did it.
Castle : Ah! That's good to hear.
Beckett : Is everything okay up there?
Alexis : Just a little turbulence.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Castle? Is something wrong?
Castle : Yeah. Everything's gonna be just fine.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Castle.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Is it just me, or does everything not seem "just fine"?
Esposito : Beckett, relax.
Esposito : Even the most heinous turbulence won't bring a plane down.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : And every day, 20 flights leave New York