Castle : Using a phone that, if traced,
Castle : would lead them back to Ford's girlfriend, who had a motive.
Alexis : Dad, that means the thief knows who's on the plane.
Alexis : They had access to the manifest,
Alexis : seat assignments, Ford's personal life...
Castle : And passenger credit cards.
Castle : This was an inside job.
Castle : Aaron, who served you this drink? Because someone spiked it.
Aaron : I can't remember. But it's usually her.
UNK: No. No, I did not drug anybody.
Alexis : Dad, she couldn't have. She was serving us over in aisle two.
Castle : Well, then, it was...
Debbie : Stay back.
UNK: Debbie?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why?
Debbie : Thirty years, Farrah.
Debbie : Thirty years of loyal service. I was finally ready to retire.
Debbie : So what does Oceanic do?
Debbie : They restructure and eliminate our pensions.
UNK: Debbie,
UNK: you don't wanna do this. Drop the gun.
Debbie : Do you have any idea what it's like
Debbie : serving this little punk kid in first class every month?
Debbie : Hearing him brag about
Debbie : how much money he's got strapped to his wrist,
Debbie : when I have nothing.
Alexis : So when you found out he was taking this flight again,
Alexis : you decided to do something.
Debbie : I heard about that watch, how it was gonna be auctioned off.
UNK: That's $13 million.
UNK: But nobody... Nobody was supposed to get hurt.
UNK: All right? I just needed Ford to step away
UNK: from him for, like, a minute.
Debbie : But when he saw Aaron was sleeping,
Castle : he knew.
Debbie : He tracked me down to the cargo hold and I...
Alexis : Debbie, what the airline did to you was unfair.
Alexis : But please, don't make it worse.
Alexis : This isn't who you are.
Debbie : It's not. It's not.
Farrah : We'll be landing soon.
Farrah : You can go ahead and retake your seat with our apologies.
UNK: Thank you for believing me, Mr. Castle.
Marilyn : And for bringing Kyle's killer to justice.
Castle : I'm very sorry for your loss.
Castle : Mr. Haddad.
UNK: Unfortunately, when the plane lands,
Castle : you are going to be detained for traveling on a stolen passport.
Castle : However, I had my friends in New York make some calls.
Castle : If your story checks out,
Castle : the authorities here are going to allow you to travel to Syria
Castle : to see your family before you face charges.
Haddad : Thank you, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Be safe.
Castle : And you.
UNK: I'm very proud of the way you handled yourself today,
UNK: with what you said to Debbie. It was very brave.
UNK: Thanks.
Alexis : You know, I think I'm going to postpone my pub date.
Castle : You are?
Castle : I thought you said you didn't wanna be attached at the hip.
Alexis : Yeah. Well, after what happened today, I kind of do.
Castle : Me, too!
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Folks, this is your captain.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : We're starting our final descent into London Heathrow.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Please take your seats. We'll have you on the ground shortly.
UNK: Okay.