Beckett : So who else knows about this?
Castle : Well, just the flight crew, the Air Marshal Service, and the FBI.
Beckett : And how can I help?
Castle : They gave me a copy of the flight manifest.
Castle : I emailed it to you. You should have that by now.
UNK: Good. I'll coordinate with the FBI
Beckett : and start running names to look for red flags.
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : Alexis is on this flight along with almost 200 other people.
Beckett : Castle, you can do this.
Castle : Do what? What am I supposed to do?
Castle : Catch the killer? It could be anyone.
Castle : I wouldn't know where to start.
Beckett : You start at the beginning.
Beckett : We build the timeline for our victim.
Beckett : Same first step we always take.
UNK: Right. I just... This time, that first step is 39,000 feet off the ground.
UNK: Castle, I'm gonna be here with you.
UNK: I'll be working this case from the ground along with the boys.
Castle : Okay, thank you. I can figure this out.
Beckett : I know you can.
Debbie : I am sorry, miss, this area is off-limits.
UNK: Oh, she's... That's... She's with me.
Castle : That's my daughter. Yeah, she's...
Alexis : You were gone so long, I got worried. Why are you down here?
Castle : Uh, I'll call you later. I love you.
Beckett : I love you, too.
Ryan : Always rooting for that coyote, not that Road Runner...
Castle : - Right. - You guys,
Beckett : I need your help.
Alexis : Who do you think could've done it?
Castle : Well, that's what I'm gonna try to figure out.
UNK: How?
Castle : By reconstructing Ford's movements with the flight crew.
Castle : In the meantime, I need you to keep this to yourself
Castle : and go back upstairs where it's safer.
Alexis : How is it safer? Isn't that where the killer is?
UNK: I... Look, I just don't want you to be a part of this.
UNK: I'm already part of it. I can help, Dad.
Alexis : I interned with Lanie, remember?
Alexis : I'll check the body for clues.
UNK: Well, Alexis...
Alexis : There's a killer on this plane.
Alexis : We don't know what he's planning or who he is,
Alexis : and maybe I can do something about that.
Alexis : I am not going back to my seat.
Castle : Even if it means us being joined at the hip?
Alexis : Really? You're throwing that back at me now?
Castle : Right in your face.
Alexis : I'll get started here.
Alexis : You go talk to the flight crew and try to figure out who did this.
UNK: Right.
Jim : It was someone out there. One of those people killed Kyle Ford.
Farrah : I just told the other flight attendants. I still can't believe this.
Debbie : What do we do now, Mr. Castle?
Castle : Well, now, we try to piece together
Castle : where the victim was and who he had contact with before he died.
Castle : When was the last time anyone remembers seeing Air Marshal Ford?
UNK: Okay, wait. Who served him during drink service?
Debbie : I did.
UNK: Okay. This was an 8 : 30 a.m. flight. Drink service occurred when?
UNK: Uh, we start at 10 : 00.
Farrah : And by the time I did the trash pick-up,
Farrah : Ford wasn't in his seat. He was gone.
Jim : Not gone.
Jim : I noticed him during meal service, near the back of the plane.
Castle : Doing what?
Jim : I didn't see, because a passenger
Jim : got in my face about the lousy food.
UNK: We recently switched vendors to save money, and...
UNK: I... When you saw him, was he in aisle one or aisle two?
Debbie : If it was meal service, aisle one is blocked by the cart...
Castle : So aisle two. What time was that?
UNK: Just before 11 : 00.
Ryan : And we found the body at 11 : 35,
UNK: giving us about a 35-minute window before he was killed.
UNK: Does anyone else remember seeing him at the back of the plane?
UNK: Was he with someone?
Debbie : Come on, you guys. Try to remember.
Farrah : Maybe we can ask the passengers in the back if they saw him.
Castle : No. If we did that, word would get out something is wrong.
Castle : Word that could make it back to the killer.
Castle : Maybe there's another way
Castle : to know what Ford was doing
Castle : at the back of this aisle.
Castle : How long have those two gentlemen been taking selfies?
Jim : The honeymooners?
Jim : Since their first Pimm's cup. They're adorable.
Castle : I have to talk to them.
Debbie : What should we do?
Castle : You have the hardest job of all.
Castle : Pretend like everything's normal.
Chris : I think for the rest of the trip
Chris : we should talk like this.
Husband : So posh.
Husband : How do you say "selfie" in British?
UNK: Selfie.
UNK: Sophie?
Castle : Why don't I grab a proper picture of the two of you?
Chris : Oh! Great. Thanks!
Castle : You bet.
Castle : Here we go.
Husband : Can you hurry up? My face is hurting.
Castle : Right. One more for safety.
UNK: Okay. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So how did you guys meet?
Chris : It's kind of a long story.
Castle : Well, I love long stories.
UNK: Oh, God. Yeah.
UNK: Lanie Parish : It's awful what you're dealing with, sweetie.
Alexis : Thanks for your help, Lanie.
Lanie : Are you kidding?
Lanie : I just wish there was more I could do.
UNK: I'm gonna talk you through this, all right?
Alexis : Do you want to see the head wound first?
UNK: Yeah, but you're gonna need to get in really close.
Lanie : Try moving the hair back a little. Yeah, there we go.
Alexis : Can you tell what he was hit with?
Lanie : Mmm. It's hard to say. Something oblong. A pipe, maybe.
Alexis : Oh, man.
Lanie : Alexis, are you all right?