UNK: Kevin Ryan : and land in London without a problem.
UNK: It's gonna be the same for Castle's flight, too.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: It's gonna be all right.
UNK: Folks, this is Captain Edmunds.
UNK: We hit some chop there, but we've climbed to 39,000 feet
UNK: and expect a smooth ride all the way to Heathrow.
Alexis : See? There's nothing to worry about.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Okay, so, re-check the restrooms...
Castle : Then why aren't they smiling?
Alexis : Dad, you heard the pilot.
Castle : I'm telling you, something is not right.
UNK: I am going to find out what.
Castle : Excuse me.
UNK: Sir, the seat belt sign is still illuminated.
UNK: Jim Kogut : If you could please return to your seat...
Castle : You're not smiling. None of you are smiling.
Castle : And the captain's here? What's going on?
UNK: Is there some kind of mechanical problem?
Jim : Please, sir, just return...
Farrah : Jim, wait. Um...
Farrah : Maybe he can help.
Farrah : Mr. Castle, I'm Captain Edmunds.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : You work with the NYPD, right?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : We could actually use your assistance.
Castle : My assistance with what?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : This is Kyle Ford.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : He's the air marshal on this flight.
Castle : I saw this guy. He's sitting in my row.
UNK: He... At least he was sitting in my row.
Castle : What does this have to do with the air marshal?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : An hour ago, he sent a text to his field office
UNK: Captain Edmunds : about a security issue on board this aircraft.
Castle : What kind of security issue?
UNK: "Possible threat to Oceanic Air Flight 57. I'm investigating."
UNK: Captain Edmunds : That's all Ford said in his text.
Castle : And what did he tell you?
UNK: Unfortunately, I haven't been able
UNK: Captain Edmunds : to talk to him. Mr. Ford is missing.
UNK: Missing?
UNK: Missing?
Castle : How could he be missing? Did you search the plane?
UNK: Debbie Parker : From front to back.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Given the circumstances,
UNK: Captain Edmunds : I've been instructed to lock myself in the cockpit
UNK: Captain Edmunds : and continue on to Heathrow.
Castle : Terrorism protocol.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Precisely. Right now, with the air marshal unaccounted for,
UNK: Captain Edmunds : you're the closest thing we have
UNK: Captain Edmunds : to law enforcement on this plane.
Castle : Which in itself is cause for concern.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Will you help us, Mr. Castle?
Castle : Yeah. Yes. No, of course.
Castle : Of course.
UNK: Okay, um, when you searched the plane, where did you look?
Farrah : The restrooms, the galleys. Good.
Jim : Cargo hold. Great.
Jim : Even the overhead bins.
Castle : Okay, well, Mr. Ford is on the plane somewhere.
Castle : We just have to search again. Maybe skip the overhead bins this time.
UNK: Alexis Castle : I don't know. It's like he just disappeared.
Debbie : It doesn't make sense. Excuse me.
Castle : How well do you know the air marshal?
UNK: Not that well. Mr. Ford only flies with us, like, twice a month.
Debbie : He's very professional, very polite... There you go.
UNK: Okay,
Debbie : this is the only other place we haven't given a second look.
Castle : Does Ford know how to get down here?
Debbie : Of course. He has access to the entire plane, just like we do.
Castle : Runs the length of the plane. And you looked everywhere?