Tory : Beckett, I got it.
Tory : The phone that texted the marshal. The phone was purchased online
Tory : and picked up at the airport at a Flight Tech Express store
Tory : less than half an hour before the flight.
Esposito : Does the store have any cameras?
UNK: No, and the cameras in the airport
Tory : don't have a good angle on the register.
Tory : But we don't need video.
Tory : The purchaser used a credit card. We have her name.
Tory : And I checked the manifest. She's on the plane.
UNK: Marilyn Singer?
Beckett : Yeah, she's a former Oceanic executive who got fired last year.
Beckett : And, Castle, get this.
Beckett : She filed a wrongful termination suit
Beckett : accusing the airline of blackballing her.
Beckett : And last week, the judge ruled against her in favor of Oceanic Airlines.
Castle : So she wants to...
Castle : So she wants to take down
Castle : one of their planes for revenge?
Castle : That seems a little extreme.
Beckett : Yes, Castle, but it's consistent
Beckett : with the texts she sent the air marshal.
Beckett : And what better way for her to destroy the airline
Beckett : she believes ruined her life?
Castle : What seat is she in?
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : - Thank you. - That's Marilyn?
Castle : The hair, the glasses, she did not wanna be recognized.
Alexis : Dad, left hand.
Alexis : It's her.
Castle : Okay, we need to isolate her
Castle : before she carries out whatever her plan is.
UNK: How?
Castle : Go to your seat.
UNK: What are you gonna do?
Castle : Something very stupid.
Alexis : She has a gun.
Castle : Which is why I want you as far away as possible.
Alexis : You know I feel the same way about you, right?
Castle : I do. I do. Now, go back to your seat, please.
UNK: I'm gonna need a glass of wine.
UNK: Red.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : I am so sorry! Oh, my...
Debbie : My apologies, ma'am.
Debbie : I have stain remover in the galley.
Debbie : Come with me, we'll clean you up. Yes.
UNK: Marilyn Singer : Thank you. No. I've got detergent wipes in my bag.
UNK: Ma'am, you don't want that to set.
Debbie : Come back with me and we'll take care of it.
Marilyn : Don't touch me, I'm fine.
Castle : Maybe you should go with her.
Marilyn : I said I'm fine.
UNK: Gun!
Debbie : Oh, my God!
Debbie : Come on.
UNK: Wait!
UNK: Uh... Ladies and gentlemen, please remain seated.
Farrah : We obviously had a situation, but we have it under control.
Castle : I'm telling you, this is some kind of mistake.
Marilyn : That gun is not mine.
Castle : What was your plan, Marilyn?
Castle : Take hostages? Try to bring down the plane?
Castle : Bring down the plane? What the hell are you talking about?
Castle : I'm talking about the suit you lost against Oceanic.
Castle : And the threatening texts you sent from this phone.
Marilyn : That is not my phone.
Castle : It was in your purse. Paid for with your credit card.
Marilyn : Where's Kyle?
UNK: I wanna talk to Kyle.
Marilyn : I know he's the air marshal on this flight.
Marilyn : Did he put you up to this? Because it is not funny.
Alexis : How is it that you know Mr. Ford?
Marilyn : He's my boyfriend, all right?
Marilyn : And if he thinks he's teaching me a lesson,
Beckett : I'm going to be seriously pissed.
Marilyn : Now, where is he?
Castle : Marilyn, Kyle is dead.
UNK: Dead?
Marilyn : Kyle's dead? How?
Castle : You should know.
Castle : His gun was in your purse.
Castle : No, I...
UNK: I... I don't understand what's going on.
Marilyn : Someone else must have put that in my bag with the phone
Marilyn : when I was in the bathroom.
Castle : And I suppose you always wear a wig when you travel?
Marilyn : You don't understand. I thought...
Marilyn : I thought Kyle was having an affair.
Marilyn : It was our six-month anniversary,
Marilyn : and we were supposed to go away for the weekend.
Marilyn : But at the last minute, Kyle called
UNK: and said he had to work this flight,
Marilyn : that he had to fill in for someone.
Marilyn : But there was something in his voice,
Marilyn : like he wasn't telling me the whole story.
Castle : So you decided to stalk him, follow him onto this plane.
Marilyn : We met in the air, fell in love on the long haul.
Marilyn : I thought maybe he'd found someone else.
Castle : Is that why you lured him back here? To confront him?
Castle : And when it all went south, you killed him in a rage?
Marilyn : No. I wouldn't do that.