Beckett : Wait. Barbozza?
Beckett : - Yeah. - You mean, like, Mickey Barbozza?
Rogan : Yeah, yeah, that's it. I mean, this guy wants those pictures something fierce.
Rogan : But I wouldn't tell him where they are,
Rogan : 'cause I didn't want him going after Tildy.
Beckett : I'm sorry. Are we talking about Mickey Barbozza?
UNK: The mob hit man who disappeared about a decade ago...
UNK: Oh, yes. Yeah, that's him. That's the guy.
Beckett : Castle, help me untie him. We got to get out of here.
Rogan : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So, how bad is this guy?
Beckett : He eluded a massive manhunt by killing half a dozen people,
Beckett : and the FBI's been looking for him ever since.
Rogan : And so, what, he's been hiding out up here?
Beckett : Yep! Congratulations, Rogan,
UNK: you accidentally stole photos of a fugitive mobster.
UNK: Okay. But that was not my intent.
Castle : Come on, let's go.
UNK: SHOTGUNS COCK
Rogan : Is it just me, or are we completely screwed?
UNK: CELLPHONE RINGING
UNK: Oh, come on, Richard. Pick up.
Alexis : Still no word?
Martha : No, not for hours.
Esposito : - It's beautiful, isn't it? - It's perfect.
Lanie : I can't believe Alexis and Martha pulled this off.
Esposito : Now all we need is a bride and groom.
Lanie : The wedding's less than 24 hours away.
Lanie : I hope they make it.
Beckett : Tell me this is still part of the fairy tale.
Castle : If it is, it's a Grimm one.
Castle : - SIGHS - ROGAN : What do you...
UNK: What do you think they're gonna do?
BECKETT : My guess?
Beckett : Once they recover the photos, they'll probably kill us.
Castle : Thus making this the worst bachelor party ever.
Rogan : Don't look at me, okay?
UNK: We would've been out of there if she hadn't gotten all stubborn
Rogan : and just cut me loose.
UNK: You could've just signed those papers and cut me loose!
Rogan : Hey, believe it or not, I was just trying to do the right thing for Tildy.
Beckett : By blackmailing a pastor?
UNK: Oh, please. Don't let the collar fool you.
Rogan : That guy had it coming.
Castle : Really? The pastor had it coming?
Rogan : Yes! He told me about this investment opportunity
Rogan : where I could double my money.
UNK: Only I didn't have any money, so I borrowed Tildy's.
Rogan : Well, guess what? It was a scam.
Rogan : The guy was rooking me to pay off the stripper.
Rogan : I mean, how many broken commandments is that?
Rogan : So, I took matters into my own hands, you know?
Rogan : And it was a... It was a damn fine plan, too.
UNK: DOOR CREAKS
Rogan : Except the murderous mobster part.
Rogan : I really didn't see that coming.
UNK: This isn't over. We're gonna get out of this. There's a way.
Castle : Love to hear it.
UNK: Mickey Barbossa : So, the thief has a wife.
UNK: Mickey Barbossa : That's good.
UNK: Mickey Barbossa : That makes this all a lot easier.
UNK: Mickey Barbossa : Where are those photos?
UNK: Look, I told you, I don't know what you're talking about.
Rogan : Well, guess what?
Mickey : I can incentivize you.
Mickey : Where are the photos?
UNK: Okay, look, I... I deleted 'em. They're gone, I swear.
Mickey : I don't believe you. I'm gonna count to three.
UNK: If you don't tell me where they are,
UNK: you're not gonna need these court papers.
Mickey : I'll end your marriage for you. One.
UNK: GRUNTS
Castle : - Two. - I know! I...
Castle : I know where they are.
UNK: I... I know where they are.
Castle : They're on a laptop at his place.
Castle : She and I can take you to them.
UNK: Yeah.
BARBOZZA : All right.
Mickey : Why don't we all go?
ROGAN : So, why are they taking all of us?
Castle : Why do you think? Husband, wife, future husband, your apartment.
UNK: When they find our dead bodies,
Castle : the story of jealous rage writes itself.
Mickey : Open the door.
Beckett : Mickey, trust me, you don't want to do this.
Mickey : Trust me, I do.