Beckett : You're obviously busy, and I should probably just go.
UNK: Um, but if you could just sign this...
UNK: Oh, yeah. Of course. Look, I would...
Rogan : I would really love to sign this
UNK: dissolution-of-marriage agreement for you.
UNK: Great.
UNK: But you're gonna have to do something for me first.
Alexis : Okay. Which one?
UNK: - The easy one. Which is this one. - LAUGHS
UNK: Thank you. Any news from Beckett?
UNK: Uh, she texted me a couple of hours ago,
Castle : said she found him, but I haven't heard from her since.
Esposito : Maybe they're catching up.
Castle : Sure. No, sure, they got a lot in common.
Castle : She can talk about all the people she's put in prison,
Castle : and he can talk about all the people he's met in prison.
UNK: Um, Alexis? I haven't gained this much daddy weight.
Alexis : That can't be right. I double-checked the size 10 times.
Esposito : Maybe you finally hit that growth spurt you've been waiting on.
UNK: - CELLPHONE RINGS - LAUGHS Oh.
Castle : - And that's her. - CELLPHONE BEEPS
Castle : Hey, what's up?
Beckett : Okay, so there has been a little glitch.
Castle : - He won't sign? - Oh, no, he'll sign.
Beckett : But he wants me to do something first.
Castle : What kind of thing?
Beckett : He wants me to break into his ex-girlfriend's truck
Beckett : and steal a garage door opener.
UNK: Okay. Why?
Beckett : Apparently, after they broke up,
Beckett : his ex-girlfriend took a few of his things, and he wants 'em back.
Castle : And he needs the garage door opener to get into her place?
Beckett : Her mom's place, but, yeah.
UNK: But given his record, why doesn't he just steal it himself?
Beckett : Because her truck is parked right outside of her bar,
Beckett : and he can't get close to it
UNK: without someone spotting him and then telling her.
Castle : And you're actually thinking about doing this?
Beckett : If I don't, he won't sign.
Beckett : Castle, he could drag this on for years.
Castle : And if you get caught?
Beckett : I won't. Look, Castle, he's got me over a barrel here.