UNK: He's been abducted? How? But you...
Beckett : I know. I don't believe it either.
Castle : Okay, okay. I hate to ask, but do you think maybe we should postpone?
Beckett : No! No, I'm not giving up. I'm gonna find him.
Beckett : - How? - Well, I'm a detective.
Beckett : Someone here has to know something.
Castle : You shouldn't be doing this alone. I'm coming up there.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Castle : Yes! Absolutely. Everything here is completely under control.
UNK: I will see you in a few hours. Bye.
Castle : SIGHS Okay.
UNK: CELLPHONE BEEPS
UNK: CELLPHONE RINGS
UNK: Hello. Yes, this is Richard Castle.
UNK: What?
ALEXIS : We lost our venue?
UNK: How is that even possible?
Castle : They had a circus party there tonight, with some first-time fire-breathers.
UNK: And now our rooftop venue does not have a floor.
Alexis : This is a disaster.
Castle : I have no place to get married and no one to get married to.
UNK: I think "disaster" is an understatement.
UNK: So-called "disaster" is merely opportunity in disguise.
Martha : We'll just find another place to hold the wedding.
Castle : Are you kidding? Where are we gonna find a venue in Manhattan
Castle : that holds 300 people in less than two days?
Alexis : Ooh! We already have one. Not in Manhattan.
Alexis : We can move the whole party to our house in the Hamptons.
Castle : Yes. Yes! We've held larger parties than this out there.
Alexis : We rent luxury buses to shuttle our guests
Alexis : and pay the vendors' transportation costs!
Martha : Brilliant! I will call the housekeeper first thing in the morning
Martha : and have them start getting the place ready.
Castle : You really think we can pull this off?
Martha : Oh, please! I once staged A Chorus Line on a subway platform
Martha : when our company lost its space.
Martha : I think I can move a wedding.
Martha : Alexis will help with everything.
Martha : You just make sure Katherine finds that deadbeat husband of hers.
UNK: Yes!
BECKETT : Thanks for coming up, babe.
Beckett : I'm so sorry about this whole mess.
UNK: Oh, what's a fiancé for, if not to help find his future wife's current husband?
UNK: SCOFFS
Castle : And Alexis and Mother will get far more done without my interference.
UNK: Well, I just hope that all their work is not for nothing.