Castle : I'm not sure why everybody's jumping to the conclusion
Castle : that this murder was about the stolen books.
Beckett : Maybe because they're missing.
Castle : The message on the mirror suggests an intention to kill,
Castle : a motive of some kind.
Castle : Stealing books, just a crime of opportunity.
Beckett : And now who's jumping to conclusions?
Castle : I just hate to see anybody waste their time.
Castle : The key here is the message, not the books.
Beckett : I think we should pursue both lines of investigation.
Castle : - He's your boyfriend. - Excuse me?
Castle : I'm sorry. Am I jumping to conclusions again?
Beckett : It's none of your business.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Ran a background check on Wilder.
Esposito : Found this incident report that he filed with the police three days ago.
Esposito : Somebody vandalized his apartment.
Beckett : Poured red paint all over his stoop.
Esposito : Yeah, it turns out that his company was being picketed
Esposito : by animal rights protestors.
Castle : But all of his stuff is labeled "no animal testing."
Esposito : The problem was with one of his subcontractors,
Esposito : who was doing some of the manufacturing for him.
Esposito : Wilder didn't even know about it.
Castle : That's what the message was.
Castle : It wasn't misspelled. It was unfinished.
Castle : They were writing "murderer."
Esposito : So you think that one of the animal rights activists killed him.
Castle : Sure. One of them had enough with the fake blood, decided,
Castle : "I'm gonna send a message using the real thing."
Beckett : Maybe we should pay Wilder's office a visit
Beckett : and find out more about those protestors.
Lisa : We were looking for another manufacturer
Lisa : to replace the one we had been using.
Lisa : But apparently, we weren't doing it fast enough for these protestors.
Daphne : Mr. Wilder wanted to do the right thing. He really did.
Daphne : He just needed a little more time.
UNK: The paint-throwing incident at Damian's house Thursday night
Lisa : was the last straw.