Martha : She was wonderful. She was like a revelation.
Castle : Mother, I'm sorry.
Castle : Thank you.
Martha : You know, I went into the theater thinking,
UNK: "Yeah, she kind of snaked that part out from under me."
UNK: But then I... I hate to admit it. She deserved to get it.
Castle : I'm sure you would've been terrific in that role.
Martha : You are so sweet.
Martha : But you know something, darling? In life, you just have to accept the fact
Martha : that not everything is gonna go your way.
Beckett : Thank you so much for coming in, Miss Piper.
Beckett : First of all, let me say that I am so sorry for your loss.
Natasha : Yeah. Don't be.
Castle : How long had the two of you been seeing each other?
Natasha : I don't know. Two months. Does it really matter?
Castle : Apparently not.
Natasha : If you ask me, he got exactly what he deserved.
Alexis : - Really? - Yeah. Really.
Natasha : Bullet in the chest.
Beckett : Don't forget about the bludgeoning part.
Natasha : Oh, how could I? Right upside his little head.
Beckett : So why did you do it?
Natasha : You seriously think I did this?
Natasha : I read about it in the paper. But he did have it coming.
Natasha : Can you believe that that little toad was cheating on me?
UNK: Me?
Beckett : Okay, so why don't we just start from the beginning?
Beckett : Where were you the night that he was killed?
Natasha : On Sunday, I was in the Hamptons.
Natasha : I took the jitney out in the morning
Natasha : and sat next to Perez Hilton, of all people.
Natasha : He blogged all about it. You can check yourself.
Beckett : We have a witness who says that Mr. Wilder argued with a woman
Beckett : in his apartment on Thursday. Was that you?
Natasha : No, that wasn't me.
Natasha : So it probably means that he was with her.
UNK: The bitch that he was two-timing me with. The one from the motel.
Beckett : - What motel? - Oh, he did blog about it.
Castle : You two ate at the Southampton Grill? I love that place.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : What motel?
Natasha : The one in Jersey that I followed him to Thursday morning.
Natasha : I was right. He was cheating on me.
Castle : - With who? - I don't know.
Natasha : He went up to the corner room on the second floor.
Natasha : I didn't stick around to watch.
Beckett : So you can't be sure that it was a woman that he was meeting with.
Natasha : No. But why else would he be there?
Natasha : And just for the record, she's gotta be some kind of dirty skank,
Natasha : 'cause that place was a dump.
Castle : A cheap skank at a rundown motel
Castle : is actually a better lead than an angry ex-girlfriend.
Castle : And a much better lead than stolen books.
Beckett : What was that?
UNK: I said... My, don't you gentlemen look clean-shaven today?
Esposito : Yeah, sweet stuff, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, Jenny said my face never felt so smooth.
Castle : Barber in a can.
Beckett : Okay, guys. Got it. Comes out hot. Case?
Esposito : Yeah, nothing unusual in Wilder's financials.
Esposito : His call records were clean, too.
Esposito : No calls except to places you would expect.
Ryan : Ballistics report came back negative.
Ryan : No unusual fibers or fingerprints in the apartment or backyard either.
UNK: All right, talk to the neighbors again.
Beckett : Find out if any of them remember
Beckett : seeing him with a woman Thursday night.
Beckett : I'm wondering why a man as wealthy as Wilder
Beckett : would choose a cheap motel in Jersey to have a tryst.
Castle : Maybe there's more going on than just a tryst.
Castle : His name is Damian Wilder.
UNK: Man At Reception : Never seen him before. But I wasn't on duty. Benny was.
Beckett : - Well, I'd like to talk with Benny. - So would I.
Man : He didn't show up for work today,
Man : which is why I'm here covering on my day off.
Beckett : Do you have contact info for him?
Castle : The corner room, second floor, who stayed in there last Thursday?
Man : Let's see.
Man : Paid cash up front, four nights.
Man : Name was Scarlett O'Hara.
Man : Scarlett O'Hara?
Castle : She's a fictional character.
Man : It's that kind of place.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : Benny's roommate said that he came home from his shift,
Beckett : packed a bag and left in a hurry.
Castle : Is it just me, or is the timing a little suspicious?
Beckett : I'm gonna put a want out for him in the system.
UNK: He's gotta be out there somewhere.
Castle : You know, the clerk said our mystery woman rented the room for four nights.
Castle : Wilder's calendar was pretty packed the whole time.
Castle : It's hard to figure him getting back out there to see her.
Beckett : So why did she rent it for that long?
Beckett : - What was going on out there? Breaking news.
UNK: Guess what just turned up for sale online?
Castle : I take it those are both items in Wilder's collection?
UNK: Bingo. The site belonged to a rare book dealer.
UNK: Goes by the name of Lukas Canby.
UNK: He's got a jacket for dealing in stolen property,
UNK: and last month, he was arrested for assaulting another book dealer
UNK: at an auction that didn't go his way.
Beckett : So he's got a history of violence and possession of our vic's property.
Tom : You care to sit in while I get him to confess to Wilder's murder?
Beckett : Don't mind if I do.
UNK: "You care to sit in while I get him to confess
UNK: "to Wilder's murder?"
Tom : $50,000 worth of books goes missing
Tom : from a dead man's apartment,
Tom : turns up in your possession.
Castle : You can see how that's a problem. Can't you, Lukas?
Lukas : But you'll never believe me.
Tom : Try us.
UNK: I bought them from some guy in the park.
Lukas : - In the park? - Near the 76th Street entrance.
Lukas : This homeless looking guy had them laid out on a blanket.
Lukas : Didn't have a clue what they were worth.
Lukas : Gave him 100 bucks for the whole lot. Man, was I feeling lucky that day.
Tom : Yeah, that's how I felt when I followed that leprechaun to his pot of gold.
Lukas : It was this homeless guy. Had to be.
UNK: Really? - Yeah.
Beckett : You expect us to believe that he broke in to Wilder's apartment,
Beckett : killed him for $50,000 worth of books just to sell it to you for 100 bucks.
Tom : - Doesn't add up, pal. - Where were you Sunday night?
Lukas : Home, alone.
Tom : Well, I wouldn't worry. You won't be alone in your cell.
Tom : Rikers is overcrowded these days.
Beckett : Let's have CSU take samples
Beckett : from Lukas' apartment and office,
Beckett : run them against what they recovered.
UNK: Might be something that puts him at the crime scene, yeah.
Beckett : In the meantime, we should check on his story
Beckett : about the homeless guy, just in case.
Tom : It's a nice day to be out in the park. Can I buy you a hot dog?
Castle : They're supposed to be finding that homeless guy.
Castle : I don't know how they're gonna do that
Castle : when all they can do is make goo-goo eyes at each other.
Ryan : Beckett's a good cop. She can canvass
Ryan : and make goo-goo eyes at the same time.
Castle : Maybe we should call the motel, see if Benny's turned up.
UNK: I just called 10 minutes ago.
UNK: Besides, chances are, this book guy that Demming's got in the lockup did it.
Castle : - Don't say that. - What?
Ryan : Oh, you want to be the one to crack it, not Demming, right?
Castle : Well, the guy is not even Homicide. Doesn't that bug you just a little?
Ryan : Maybe a little. But that's not why it bugs you, is it?
Esposito : Yo. Just heard back from the phone company.
Esposito : Only one call came into the motel room
Esposito : during the four days that it was rented to Scarlett O'Hara.
Ryan : Let me guess. Rhett Butler? Right?
UNK: Rhett Butler? See what I did there?
Esposito : Call lasted two minutes. Came in around the same time
Esposito : that Wilder's ex said he went up to the room.
UNK: The only one who would have known Wilder was there
Castle : would've been the woman planning to meet him.
Ryan : Maybe she called to say she was running late.
Esposito : Yeah, well, here's the money part.
Esposito : The call came from Wilder's company.
Castle : He was having an affair with someone from work.
UNK: Yeah, but unfortunately, the way that they route the calls,
UNK: we were only able to narrow it down to an extension
UNK: on the third floor of his building.
Ryan : We can rule out all the men, since we know Scarlett was a woman.
Esposito : And most likely, it was the woman
Esposito : that Wilder was fighting with in his apartment.
UNK: There's got to be a way we can figure out who it was.
Esposito : - We could do a sound lineup. - Sound lineup?
Ryan : Yeah, we bring in the guy who overheard the argument,
UNK: have him listen to samples from women on the third floor,
UNK: see if he recognizes any of them.
Castle : You can do that?
Ryan : We don't even need to bring any of the women in.
UNK: We just patch in the voice mail system, pull samples from there.
Castle : You guys, if this works, I'll keep you both in shave cream for a year.
Esposito : - Deal. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Yo.
Castle : - You found him? - Take a seat.
Beckett : Yeah, we got lucky.
Beckett : Apparently, Marty the junkie here
Beckett : is a permanent fixture in that part of the park.
Beckett : He was panhandling right about where Lukas said he bought the books.
Tom : Which Marty's already admitted to selling to him for 100 bucks.
Castle : Has he admitted to breaking into Wilder's apartment?
Blake : Well, that's where things get interesting.
Tom : His alibi for the break-in is solid.
Tom : He picked up a few extra bucks at a soup kitchen, cleaning up after hours.
Beckett : Claims he found the books in a garbage can.
Beckett : Says he saw somebody dumping them there a couple hours after our murder.
UNK: Which, a pretty good bet, that is our killer.
UNK: I'm gonna sit him down with a sketch artist now.
Tom : Come on, Marty.
Beckett : - Any leads on our mystery woman? - Actually, yes.
UNK: It's not her.
Ryan : Okay. I will cue to the next one.
UNK: So did Marty the junkie say he got a good look
Castle : at who it was that tossed the books?
UNK: Hopefully, one of these two leads will pan out.
UNK: I'm going to go and check on that sketch.
Ryan : Okay, how about this one?
Ryan : No dice, huh?
Ryan : The next one.
Ryan : Only three more.
Lance : That's her.
Castle : Lisa Jenkins. That's the woman we interviewed. You sure?
Lance : Yeah, I'm positive.
Ryan : Remember our deal, Castle.
Castle : It was Lisa Jenkins.
Castle : Wilder was fighting with Lisa...
Beckett : - That's a pretty solid likeness. - Yeah, right?
UNK: What?
Tom : It's Marty's sketch of the man he saw tossing the books.
UNK: Wilder's cousin, Blake.
Beckett : So we have a witness who says that he heard Lisa Jenkins
Beckett : in a knock-down-drag-out with Wilder,
Beckett : and another one says that he saw Wilder's cousin dumping his books.
Beckett : But what we don't have from either suspect is motive.