Castle : When the driver tried to stop him,
Castle : Newman bashed him in the side of the head with his paint bucket.
Beckett : You know, I'd like him more if we could find something
Beckett : that would connect him with our vic.
Castle : You mean, like the string of violent letters he wrote to Wilder?
Castle : Sent to his home address?
Beckett : Nice job, Castle. Let's go pick him up.
Castle : Yeah. Let's.
UNK: Mmm.
Lance : You've got the wrong guy.
Castle : Last Thursday night, someone pours fake blood all over Wilder's stoop.
Castle : Three days later, he ends up dead.
Castle : It does not take a genius to make the connection.
Lance : Yeah, but I didn't kill him.
UNK: Look, I told you already. I went to the movies Sunday night.
Castle : Yes, yes, yes. We have someone running down that alibi.
Castle : What about Thursday? You got one for then, too?
Lance : Thursday, I don't remember.
Castle : Then how about you spend the night in lockup?
Castle : Might refresh your memory.
Lance : Last Thursday, I went over there with the paint...
Castle : So you admit that it was you
Castle : who vandalized Wilder's apartment?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Yes. Okay. I threw paint on his stoop,
Lance : which is then when I heard him fighting with someone inside, a woman.
Lance : They were throwing stuff,
Lance : and I really thought they were gonna kill each other.
Beckett : Did you see who she was?
Lance : - No. I just heard them yelling. - And what exactly did you overhear?
Lance : She said something about being humiliated,
Lance : and he said something about a gun.
Lance : A gun?
Lance : "You put a gun to my head," I think it was.
Castle : Okay, now you're just making stuff up.
Beckett : Well, Mr. Newman, good thing you used the automated ticket booth
Beckett : at the theater Sunday night.
Beckett : Your alibi checked out.
Alexis : - Really? - Really?
UNK: Really.
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Castle : Check this out. According to his calendar,
Castle : Wilder had dinner with this Natasha person Thursday night.
Castle : Could be that she's the person our animal-Ioving friend was talking about.
Beckett : I thought you said that he was making all that up.
Castle : That was...
Castle : That was Wilder's assistant on the phone.
Castle : Apparently, Wilder and Natasha Piper had started dating recently.
Castle : The girl from the print ads? - Yep.
Beckett : And she said she was a real piece of work.
Beckett : Tore up a set at a photo shoot a couple of weeks ago
Beckett : because they had the wrong bottled water for her.
UNK: Well, seems like a good bet she was the one
Castle : fighting with Wilder Thursday night.
Beckett : Yeah. Could be she went back on Sunday to get one last word in.
Beckett : - I should pick her up in the morning. Hey.
Beckett : Hey. How did things go with the workman?
Tom : Well, found him sitting in his garage
Tom : on a couple of G's worth of stolen power tools, but...
Tom : The night of the murder, it turns out he was
Tom : watching his kids in a play at church, so...
Beckett : - Yeah, it's been that kind of a day. Yeah.
Tom : - You ready to go? - Ready.
Castle : Thought we were knocking it off for the night.
Beckett : We are. We're just sharing a cab.
UNK: Good night, Castle.
Beckett : - Night. - Night.
Castle : - Hey, how was the play? - Oh, awful.
Castle : Well, that must've made you happy.
Martha : You know what the worst part was?
Martha : Its badness made Madge's performance all that much better.