Benny : One favor, though. Could you not talk so loud?
Benny : My head is killing me.
Beckett : Last Thursday, you were on duty when a Scarlett O'Hara checked in.
Benny : Yeah. Yeah, I think I remember.
Castle : What did she look like?
UNK: I would've done her.
Beckett : Anything else?
UNK: Um...
Benny : She was small for her size.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
UNK: Yeah. That guy is a total nut-bar.
UNK: Last week, think it was Thursday, matter of fact,
UNK: he pulls into the motel in a fancy foreign job.
UNK: He goes straight up to the corner room on the second floor.
UNK: Couple minutes later, he charges down,
UNK: starts asking me all the same questions you were asking me.
UNK: "Who rented the room? What did she look like?"
Castle : He didn't know?
Benny : That's what I said.
Benny : I told him, if he had to ask me whose room it was,
Benny : he shouldn't be going in there in the first place.
Benny : He stomped off, got in his car. He left. Boom.
Benny : Never saw him again.
Beckett : And you won't either. He was murdered Sunday night.
UNK: With that kind of attitude, this is not surprising.
Benny : Well, if I've answered all your queries to your satisfaction, am I free to go?
Beckett : Just one more query if you don't mind.
Beckett : According to the Atlantic City police,
Beckett : you were arrested in the diamond lounge of a strip club
Beckett : for trying to set a rodeo clown on fire.
Benny : That was a misunderstanding and...
Beckett : My question is, how does a $9-an-hour hotel clerk
Beckett : pay for a $500-an-hour VIP lounge?
Benny : I won at craps. Like I said, I was feeling lucky.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Castle : - That's a Damian Wilder bag. - Who?
Beckett : That's the guy who was killed. Where'd you get that?
Beckett : Where'd you get it, Benny?
Benny : - Please, just not so loud. - Where did you get it?
Benny : I found it in the room.
Castle : Scarlett O'Hara's room?
Benny : After checkout on the fourth day,
Benny : I went up there on account of she never returned the key.
Benny : The room was like nobody'd even been there.
Benny : The bed was made, towels were on the rack.
Benny : I gave it a quick once-over,
Benny : figured I'd tell housekeeping not to bother going in.
Benny : I found the bag under the bed.
Beckett : And what was in it?
Beckett : What was in it?
UNK: It was money. Lots of it.
Beckett : How much?
UNK: Seventy-five grand. There.
Castle : Did you blow it all, Benny?
Benny : It was the best three days of my life.
Beckett : A duffel bag full of cash,
Beckett : an anonymous hotel room and an angry Wilder.
Beckett : All of that adds up to only one thing.
UNK: Blackmail.
Tom : It's the only scenario that makes sense.
Beckett : So the blackmailer contacts Wilder with instructions
Beckett : to meet at the motel at a certain time.
Castle : Probably to show him proof of whatever it is she has against him.
Beckett : But she doesn't want him to know who she is,
Beckett : or that she works at his company.
Castle : So she calls in to the room, makes her demands by phone.
Beckett : He confronts the clerk, trying to figure out who it is that's extorting him.
Castle : At some point in time, Wilder returns to the room
Castle : with the duffel bag full of cash, puts it under the bed as instructed.
Beckett : Only Benny makes off with the money
Beckett : before the blackmailer's had a chance to pick it up.
Castle : Making for one angry blackmailer.
Beckett : Angry enough to kill.
Benny : No, not her either.
Benny : Man, this dead guy had a lot of good-Iooking babes working for him.
Beckett : Any of them our Scarlett O'Hara?
Benny : Not her. Or her, but I'd do her.
Benny : Not her, who I would not do.
Lance : Not her.
Benny : I would maybe do her.
Benny : Hey, look. It's her.
UNK: You're sure this is the woman who rented the room?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Rebecca Strong. She's a lab tech at the company.
Castle : She's got cruel eyes.
Castle : I'll bet she enjoyed watching Wilder suffer.
UNK: What was I thinking? I should've stayed out of it.
Castle : What did she say?
UNK: "What was I thinking? I should've stayed out of it."