UNK: - Three-sixteen. - I can't. I'm going to hurt him.
Sam : Let's just say he's crying over the car and the woman.
UNK: All right? There you go. Let it out.
Sam : Let it out.
Burke : Cristina?
UNK: Oh. That's a pretty one.
Jane : Moves very well in it. Looks quite natural.
Burke : - You paged? - I need you over here.
UNK: For what? Should I see you in the dress before the wedding?
Cristina : You think I'm wearing this?
Burke : Well, it is very feminine.
Cristina : Exactly. Do you know your mother booked a chapel that seats 200 people?
UNK: OK, how did I get bridesmaids?
UNK: Freaking stupid cotton candy colored bridesmaids.
Cristina : No offense.
Cristina : What happened to our small ceremony?
Cristina : What happened to you and me in City Hall?
Burke : I didn't think you were serious.
Callie : I am not wearing this.
UNK: Oh, I got to get to the hospital.
Callie : You know, we should give them some privacy.
Naomi : What?
Izzie : Oh! Oh, you want me to go over there with you?
UNK: - By myself? - Yeah.
Cristina : You want a big wedding?
Cristina : You want the chapel, you want the guests, and me in a white dress?
Richard : Well...
Richard : ...yes.
Burke : I'm a traditional man.
Cristina : - Are you kidding me? - No.
Addison : Oh.
UNK: The sales lady has another batch of dresses for you to see, Cristina.
Cristina : Thank you... Mama.
UNK: Cristina's certainly made quite an effort.
Jane : Tried on, I would say, over a hundred dresses.
Jane : And that certainly could not have been easy for her.
Burke : Mama, I know she seems disinterested in the wedding planning,
UNK: but Cristina, she's not cold. I know she seems cold.
Jane : Preston, if you think Cristina is right for you,
Jane : I trust you.
Jane : I trust your instincts.
Lisa : And the baby? That baby isn't even mine?
Doug : - Honey, calm down. - Calm down?
Lisa : I can keep this baby if I want to?
Violet : Uh, legally, yes.
Rick : So, who's the father?
Cooper : We won't know the paternity until after Lisa delivers.
Addison : More urgent at the moment is the placenta accreta.
UNK: The fact is Lisa's at risk of having a life-threatening hemorrhage
Addison : and the baby could deliver preterm.
Jim : So, you're saying they could die?
Addison : There is a risk of death, yes.
Addison : Lisa, I know you're scared.
Addison : If you do go into preterm labor, you'll have a C-section.
Addison : They'll monitor it and control it so that they have a better chance
Addison : of saving your uterus and your life.
UNK: And you'll save us? Me and the baby?
Naomi : I have...
Addison : I have to get back to Seattle, I have a practice.