UNK: - What's the matter? - Somebody on the subway licked my neck!
UNK: Willy's still alive!
Chandler : - What are you guys doing? - My mom called.
UNK: They're announcing our engagement in the paper.
UNK: - We're looking for a good picture of us. - I'm afraid that does not exist.
Monica : There are great pictures of us.
Chandler : No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this :
UNK: Oh, my God, that's the creep that you're with at the Statue of Liberty.
UNK: I don't know what it is. I just can't take a good picture.
UNK: Here's a great one.
UNK: - Yeah, I'm not in that. - No, but look at me, all tan.
UNK: Why don't you go get portraits done by a professional photographer?
UNK: That's a great idea. I bet they have one of those wind machines.
UNK: Yeah, that's great. Next to that, Chandler won't look so stupid.
Monica : - Chandler, what do you say? - All right, but I'm not going.
UNK: "I'm" going.
UNK: The One With The Engagement Picture
UNK: Hey, look. Phoebe's talking to Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
UNK: You call him, "Cute Coffeehouse Guy"? We call him, "Hums While He Pees."
Chandler : Yes, and we call Ross, "Lingers in the Bathroom."
Phoebe : Hey, you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Rachel : - I thought that guy was married. - He is, but he's getting divorced.
Phoebe : Ross, maybe you know him.
UNK: It's not a club.
UNK: If he's getting a divorce, is it such a good idea to date him?
Ross : - Hey, divorced men are not bad men. - They have that on the napkins at the club.
Rachel : - I gotta get back to work. - You don't have to be back for a half-hour.
Rachel : My assistant, Tag, does sit-ups in the office during lunch.
Rachel : I could just spread him on a cracker.
UNK: You have a crush on him, why would you hire him?
UNK: - You know you can't date him, right? - Oh, no, I know that.
Rachel : We made a joke that we spend so much time together...
UNK: ...he should call me, his "work-wife."
UNK: Soon he'll be able to call you, "that lady he knew that got fired."
UNK: I'm not gonna get fired, because I'm not gonna act on it.
UNK: You wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
UNK: Why, is he? He is, isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing.
Ross : Maybe I should open a divorced men's club.
UNK: Dude, that's so sad.
UNK: I could put a basketball court in the back.
Chandler : Could I play?
Rachel : Oh, no sit-ups today, Tag?
Tag : - I just did them. - Well, drop and give me 10 more.
UNK: What?
Rachel : I had a drink with lunch.
Rachel : - Did those cost reports come in? - I filled them out last night.
Rachel : Could you make me four copies?
Rachel : - Sure. - Great, thank you.
Melissa : - Hey, Rachel. - Hi, Melissa. What's up?
UNK: I'm just about to go out to the store.
Rachel : Get some stuff to put in my backpack.
Rachel : Dried fruit, and granola and stuff like that.
UNK: - What's up? - Is Tag here?
Rachel : No. Why?
Melissa : I was gonna talk to him about tonight.
UNK: Really? You got a little crush on Tag there, do you?
UNK: We've been flirting back and forth...
UNK: ...but I was hoping tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Rachel : Easy there, Melissa. This ain't a locker room, okay.
UNK: But, you know, I remember him saying that he had plans tonight.
Rachel : - Oh, no. - Oh, yeah.