Beckett : Castle, we talked about this! You can't be here.
Castle : Well, excuse me for living, but I've got a damn good reason.
Beckett : I don't care what your reason is.
UNK: You can'tjust waltz in and out of my precinct whenever you want.
Castle : Uh, my mother was traumatized, Captain,
Castle : I'm involved in this case whether you like it or not.
Beckett : Fine. But you're on a short leash.
Castle : Oh, I'll decide how short my leash is.
Esposito : Yo, I just got off the phone with Robyn's parole officer.
UNK: Look who I found, Robyn's "Mama."
UNK: Olivia "Mama" Toussaint.
UNK: She's a mid-Ievel dealer who sells party drugs to rich kids.
Esposito : Robyn was part of her crew, two years ago, when she got busted.
Beckett : What was Robyn arrested for?
Ryan : Uh, grand theft auto,
Ryan : reckless endangerment, destruction of private property.
Esposito : Robyn made a delivery to a country club on Long Island,
Esposito : decided to stay for the party.
Esposito : She got wasted, stole a car, drove into a house,
UNK: half a million dollars' worth of damage.
Ryan : Got her two years in Albion Correctional, too.
Castle : So, with Robyn out on parole,
UNK: Mama must've gone to the theater to bring her back into the fold.
Beckett : But Robyn refused and threatened to rat Mama out.
Castle : So Mama silenced Robyn for good.
UNK: AII right, boys, bring her in.
UNK: Tellme,
UNK: is the "Mama" meant to be ironic?
Castle : Not very motherly, having underage kids run drugs for you.
UNK: I don't know what you're talking about.
Esposito : What about the name Robyn King?
Esposito : Does that ring a bell?
Mama : Sure. what of it?
Esposito : She did two years in prison for you.
UNK: You probably thought the $40 a month
Castle : you put in her prison commissary account would keep her loyal.
Esposito : But I'm thinking it didn't.
Esposito : That's why you stopped by the theater,
Esposito : to lay down a little old-fashioned motherly guilt.
UNK: Or was it to strong-arm her back onto your crew?
Mama : I went there to check on her. Make sure she was okay.
Esposito : We got a witness that says you were angry when you showed up.
Mama : What can I say? She hurt my feelings.
Castle : Yeah. Kids. They don't call, they don't write.
Mama : Tell me about it.
Mama : You think they'd show a little gratitude
Mama : instead of dumping you for a new family.
Esposito : Is that why you killed her?
Esposito : 'Cause she started running with that other crew?
Mama : I didn't kill her, Detective. I went there, I said my piece, I left.
Mama : And I can prove it.
Castle : This new family,
Castle : they wouldn't happen to live in Spanish Harlem, would they?
Mama : Hell if I know.
Mama : Robyn said she hooked up with them in prison.
Mama : And that they had a "big thing" coming up.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : How'd it go with Mama?
UNK: Oh, her alibi checks out.
UNK: She was in a cab by 8 : 15.
UNK: And it looks as though Robyn was working with a new crew.
Beckett : I had a really great time earlier.
Castle : Me, too.
Beckett : Is it wrong that I want to kiss you right now?
Castle : So wrong, it's right.
Beckett : - I'm sorry. - For what?
Beckett : You're a jerk!
Esposito : Hey, bro. You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : No. Ow, man, she hits hard.
Ryan : Look, Castle, it's clearly not okay, you being here.
Esposito : Yeah, you better go home. We'll call you ifwe find anything.
Martha : You're right. The bubbles, very soothing.
Castle : Mother, what are you doing here? You should be at home, resting.
Martha : Please, how can I possibly rest? There's a murderer to catch.
UNK: Listen, I have to warn you,
Castle : we found evidence that Robyn may have returned to a life of crime.
Martha : Nonsense. That girl has a good heart.
Martha : I know she was trying to turn her life around.
Martha : So, let's get to work. What can I do to help?
UNK: AII right, we know that Robyn was meeting with her new crew
Castle : twice a week in Spanish Harlem.
Castle : And I think these symbols on her phone
Castle : have something to do with her next meeting.