UNK: We've got witnesses that put Agnes in a diner across town
Ryan : during the time Robyn was killed.
UNK: Which means our killer is probably someone inside the competition.
Beckett : Guys, who tipped Castle off?
Ryan : Not us. Not after...
Beckett : After what?
Ryan : - Castle told us about... - Svetlana.
Beckett : He did? He...
Beckett : He told you about...
Esposito : - Svetlana, yeah. - We're so sorry, Beckett.
UNK: You want we should throw him down a flight of stairs?
UNK: No, I'll take... Yeah, I'll handle this myself.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go in and interview some people?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Thanks for the call. I came as soon as I...
UNK: what?
UNK: Svetlana?
UNK: Oh. Yeah, I...
Castle : I was going to tell you about that earlier,
Castle : I thought it'd be better if I told you in person. So...
UNK: So?
UNK: So, the boys, they got suspicious and accused me of cheating.
Castle : I panicked and now they think I'm dating a Russian model named Svetlana.
Beckett : And you couldn't think of a better name?
Castle : Right? I know, it was the only name I could come up with.
Castle : I don't know why. But still, she's a model.
Castle : A really, really hot model.
Beckett : Damn straight, she is.
UNK: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
UNK: Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
Castle : Excuse me.
Beckett : Hi, I'm Captain Beckett.
Beckett : We need to speak with whoever is in charge.
UNK: Dr. Harvey Larson : Yes, that would be me, I'm Dr. Larson,
UNK: Dr. Harvey Larson : Director of the AAC Regionals, head judge.
UNK: Dr. Harvey Larson : I oversee all aspects of this competition.
UNK: So then you would've known Robyn King?
UNK: Dr. Larson : Vaguely. She wasn't my kind of people,
UNK: ifyou know what I mean.
Castle : You don't seem very shaken up about her death.
UNK: Dr. Larson : Well, it's horrible, of course. But I can't say I'm surprised.
UNK: Dr. Larson : She and her friends are not exactly "Aca" material.
Castle : Because they're ex-cons, you mean?
UNK: Dr. Larson : The AAC is a highly respected and civilized institution.
UNK: Dr. Larson : I told the National Committee it was a mistake to have their kind involved.
UNK: Dr. Larson : But did they listen? No.
Beckett : Dr. Larson, where were you last night between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: Right here. Getting this show off the ground is a 24-hourjob.
UNK: Now ifyou need anything else, talk to my assistant, Troy.
UNK: Dr. Larson : Please do not upset any of my performers. Thank you.
Esposito : Is this guy for real?
Beckett : Unfortunately, yeah.
Ryan : So, what do you want to do now, Captain?
Beckett : Let's talk to the other contestants.
Beckett : Ryan, you're with me. Espo, it's you and Castle.
Castle : High five.
UNK: High...
UNK: Excuse me, are you The Treble Boyz?
Hunter : The one and only bad-ass crew
Hunter : Who the hell are you?
UNK: NYPD. We need to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Got to say no, bro
Hunter : We're warming up for the show
Castle : Okay, that's annoying.
Ryan : - What do you want to do? - I got this.
UNK: Hey