Emcee : Are you ready for the riff-off?
UNK: Category is "Blast from the Past."
UNK: Hey.
UNK: She has the same bracelet that Robyn had.
Alexis : They must be waiting for Robyn to show up.
Castle : Come on.
Alexis : - Hi. Are you looking for Robyn? - Who are you?
Castle : This is Alexis, and I'm Richard Castle.
Castle : We're private investigators. We're here to talk to you about Robyn.
Charisse : Did something happen to her?
Esposito : - NYPD! - Nobody move!
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Yo, Castle.
Esposito : Where's the 911?
Castle : - Oh, that was... - who are all these people?
UNK: Uh... Robyn's new family.
Charisse : I can't believe it.
Charisse : Robyn was the first person to talk to me in prison.
Charisse : She always had my back.
Castle : Is prison where all the girls in your group met?
Charisse : Yeah. Through the NBP.
UNK: Uh, No Backsliding Partnership.
Charisse : It's a non-profit arts program that helps us stay straight.
Charisse : We all loved singing,
Charisse : but Robyn was the one who put together the a cappella group.
UNK: Without her, there is no Aca-Cons.
Castle : Do you have any idea who might have killed her?
UNK: Agnes.
Charisse : She was in the Cons till about three weeks ago.
Castle : And then what happened?
Charisse : We were auditioning for the AAC,
UNK: the AII-American A-Capella Competition.
Charisse : And we were crushing it, no way we could miss.
Charisse : Unless somebody screwed up.
Castle : Somebody like Agnes.
Charisse : Look, the Aca-Cons,
UNK: we all one-time offenders, and we work really hard to stay clean.
Charisse : But Agnes, she's a repeat offender.
Charisse : And she's not interested in changing.
Castle : So, rather than take a chance before your big break...
Charisse : we kicked her out.
Charisse : We all voted, but Robyn was the one who told her.
Charisse : Agnes was pissed,
Charisse : accused Robyn of stabbing her in the back.
UNK: Agnes Molina, three-time loser with a long list of priors,
UNK: that's including B&E and assault.
Ryan : Looks like we can add murder to that list.
UNK: Yeah, we ran her prints against the ones we found at the theater,
UNK: we got a match.
Beckett : And where is she now?
Esposito : She's in the wind.
Ryan : Agnes didn't check in with her parole officer yesterday.
Esposito : Unis searched her apartment. Looks like our girl packed up and left.
Beckett : Well, someone's gotta have a lead on where she's hiding.
Esposito : That's what we figured.
Ryan : Yeah. So we asked the couple that runs the NBP to come in,
Ryan : Scott and Linda weinberg.
UNK: AII right, I'll talk to them. You guys dig into Agnes' Iife.
Beckett : See what you can find.
UNK: Linda Weinberg : We started this organization when we were both young lawyers
UNK: Iooking to give back,
UNK: Linda Weinberg : and the difference we made for these girls was so profound
UNK: Linda Weinberg : that we dedicated our lives to helping them.
Beckett : So, how well do you know Agnes Molina?