UNK: So, Captain Beckett,
UNK: Richard Castle : have you successfully completed your agenda for your lunch meeting?
Beckett : - Indeed, I did. Three times. - Three?
Castle : Best meeting ever.
Beckett : Who would have thought that secret dating would be so productive?
Castle : I know, our public fights have made our private time so much more...
Beckett : - Intense. - Right?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : I don't suppose the Captain has time for one more agenda?
Beckett : I'm sorry, I wish I could,
Beckett : but I have to make this meeting with Captain Gates at 1 PP.
UNK: And is "Gates" code for Vikram? And 1 PP your secret strip-club hideout?
Beckett : No, that meeting with Gates is very real.
Beckett : Look, Rick, I'm done playing lone wolf.
Beckett : And I promise you, when the time is right,
Beckett : I will loop you in on everything LokSat.
Castle : I mean, I get that the whole thing is a covert op,
Castle : I'm just saying,
Castle : I could be your secret weapon in taking LokSat down.
UNK: Trust me, 007, when it's time,
Beckett : you and I will take down LokSat together.
Beckett : Meanwhile, I will be sneaking in and out of the building next door to get here.
Castle : While I do what?
Beckett : Provide support and comfort.
UNK: Lots and lots of comfort.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Ah.
Castle : Mother! How's your day going?
UNK: Mother!
Martha : Oh, Richard, darling, thank God you're here.
Castle : I came as soon as I could.
Castle : - Are you all right? - Yeah, don't worry about me.
Martha : It's poor, sweet Robyn that we should be thinking about.
Castle : - You knew her? - Oh, I just met her yesterday.
UNK: She sat through an entire rehearsal,
UNK: then she waited around, so she could come up and thank me.
Martha : She was just...
Martha : She was lovely.
Martha : Darling, I want you to promise me that you will handle this case personally
Martha : and find out who did this.
Castle : Yeah, of course. Of course.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Gram, why don't I take you home? - Okay.
UNK: Perfect. Thank you. Okay.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey. How's Martha?
UNK: Uh, shaken up.
Castle : What happened?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Victim is Robyn King, 20 years old.
UNK: Works as the theater's nightjanitor.
Lanie : Based on lividity and body temp,
Lanie : I estimate the time of death is last night between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00.
Lanie : Cause of death, blunt force trauma.
Ryan : Killer hit Robyn in the head, stuffed her in the snow box
Ryan : and lifted her up to the rafter.
Lanie : - Where she bled out. - Yo.
UNK: Javier Esposito : This is Chris Jackson, he's the theater's production manager.
Castle : Richard Castle. So you're the one who hired Robyn?
UNK: Chris Jackson : Yes. And I was a little nervous at first.
UNK: Chris Jackson : Robyn was an ex-con.
UNK: Chris Jackson : But her parole officer pressed me to give her a job.
UNK: Chris Jackson : Promised that she was completely trustworthy.
UNK: Chris Jackson : And until last night, there hadn't been a single problem.
Esposito : What happened last night?
Jackson : A woman showed up looking for Robyn.
Jackson : And she was pissed.
Castle : - And Robyn knew her? - Oh, yeah. She called her "Mama."
Jackson : But they clearly weren't a happy family.
Jackson : As I was leaving, I heard Robyn threaten to call the cops
Jackson : if her mom ever came near her again.
Jackson : I shouldn't have left them alone.
Jackson : Robyn might still be alive if I had just stayed behind.
UNK: Hey. So, here's a surprise.
Ryan : Robyn's records show that her mother died when she was five.
Castle : - Then who's Mama? - Exactly.
UNK: And here's another mystery that I found.
UNK: According to Robyn's MetroCard,
UNK: she's been taking subway trips
UNK: up to Spanish Harlem two nights a week,
UNK: ever since she was released from prison.
UNK: Each time she leaves around 11 : 30 p.m.,
UNK: stays for almost two hours before going home.
Castle : Any indication in her financials what she was doing up there?
Ryan : No, nothing yet.
Castle : - I gotta take that. - Okay.
Castle : - Hey! - Hey.
UNK: So, I heardabout Martha.
Beckett : Why didn't you pull me out of the meeting?
UNK: You know what, I thoughtaboutit,
UNK: but this whole new secret relationship, I wasn't quite sure what the rules were.
Beckett : Well, is she okay?
Castle : Physically, yes. She's fine.
Castle : Emotionally, not so much.
Castle : She made me promise to help track down Robyn's killer.
Beckett : Of course. But you know that publicly, I can't agree to that.
Castle : - What do you mean? - Well, it means that I love you,
Beckett : but right now, I'm gonna have to yell at you.