Ryan : Yeah, fine by us. Put your hands on your head.
UNK: Wait. Can't we work something out?
UNK: Yeah. Ifyou tell us the truth.
Beckett : Now, Robyn overheard something from your dressing room,
Beckett : didn't she?
Hunter : I knew that my group couldn't beat the Aca-Cons, okay?
UNK: Not with their feel-good,
UNK: "Orange is the New Singing Sensation" backstory.
UNK: So...
Hunter : I sort of...
Beckett : Did you try to fix the competition?
Hunter : - Yeah. I bribed Dr. Larson. - The head judge?
Hunter : He was the one who was going on and on
Hunter : about how the Aca-Cons shouldn't even be in the competition.
Hunter : How they weren't up to the standard of the AAC.
Beckett : And did he accept your bribe?
Hunter : Yeah, but Robyn overheard us, and she burst in.
Hunter : She threatened to tell the National Committee.
Ryan : That sounds like motive for murder to me.
Hunter : Not for me!
Hunter : Dr. Larson said he'd handle it, and then he left with Robyn.
Hunter : That's all I know.
UNK: Dr. Larson : You better have one heck of a good reason to drag me down here.
UNK: Dr. Larson : I'm warning you, I know people.
Ryan : Oh. So do we.
Ryan : People like Hunter.
Ryan : You know, he told us that you took a bribe
Ryan : to get the Aca-Cons out of the competition.
UNK: Dr. Larson : That is an outrageous lie.
UNK: Dr. Larson : Now, that Hunter fellow, I bet he's the killer.
UNK: Yes, and he's trying to manipulate you.
Ryan : - Maybe he's right. - Yeah, maybe.
Esposito : No, wait. It couldn't be Hunter.
Esposito : Remember, he has an alibi.
Ryan : Oh, yeah! That's right. Damn it. I guess we're back to you, Doc.
Esposito : So, what did you do?
Esposito : Arrange a meeting, and when Robyn wouldn't cooperate with you,
Esposito : is that when you killed her?
UNK: Dr. Larson : There was no need to kill her. We'd worked out a deal.
UNK: Dr. Larson : Look, Robyn was all set to report me, but then something peculiar happened.
UNK: Dr. Larson : - Peculiar? - Yes. we left Hunter's dressing room,
UNK: Dr. Larson : and on-stage the crew was in the middle of a tech rehearsal.
UNK: Dr. Larson : The Aca-Con introduction video came up on the monitors,
UNK: Dr. Larson : Robyn watched it.
UNK: Dr. Larson : And then suddenly, just like that,
UNK: Dr. Larson : she changed her mind.
Esposito : So you're saying that Robyn changed her mind
Esposito : about ratting you out because of what she saw in some video?
UNK: Dr. Larson : Like I said, it was peculiar.
UNK: Dr. Larson : But Robyn promised
UNK: Dr. Larson : not to say anything, so long as I rejected the bribe,
UNK: Dr. Larson : and gave her a copy of that introduction video.
UNK: Ironically,
Robyn : I didn't find my love for singing untill went to prison.
Narrator : At 18, Robyn had already been running drugs for two years.
Narrator : Her life was a mess.
Narrator : And after making a delivery to a country club party,
Narrator : she stole and crashed a car.
Robyn : Truth is, I was so wasted,
Robyn : I don't even remember what happened.
Narrator : Robyn was trapped in the burning car. But then, the universe sent her a hero.
UNK: Percy Johnson Iii : I was driving home, and then...
UNK: "Oh, my God! Car crash!"
UNK: Percy Johnson Iii : I pulled Robyn out. I dragged her to safety.
UNK: Percy Johnson Iii : And then I had to tourniquet her leg with her scarf
UNK: Percy Johnson Iii : to stop all of the bleeding.
Narrator : And like a phoenix rising from the ashes,
Narrator : Robyn emerged from this tragedy and started a new life.
Robyn : That crash was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Robyn : Because in prison, I got clean,
Robyn : Hooked up with the NBP,
UNK: and itsaved my life.
Narrator : Ladies and gentlemen, the Aca-Cons!
Castle : Why would Robyn be so interested in this?
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : I managed to track down that cab that Robyn jumped into
Ryan : after she got the DVD from Dr. Larson.
Ryan : - Where'd she go? - Townhouse on the Upper East Side.
Esposito : And look who lives there.
Castle : That cannot be a coincidence.
UNK: So...
Beckett : You saw Robyn the night that she was murdered?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: It's kind of eerie ifyou think about it?
Beckett : Yeah. I mean, why would she visit?
Percy : She wanted to thank me personally.
Percy : You see, Robyn was unconscious when I saved her.
Percy : And then after she recovered,
Percy : she went straight to prison, so we never actually properly met.
Beckett : Percy, you are a real hero.
Percy : No, you're the heroes.
Percy : I was just in the right place at the right time.
UNK: Mmm-mmm. No, don't be so modest.
Beckett : If you didn't make a tourniquet out of that scarf,
UNK: Robyn could've bled out and died.
Beckett : Speaking of that scarf, where did it come from?
UNK: Uh... Robyn was wearing it.
Martha : - She was? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Oh. That's funny.
Beckett : Because we reached out to the hospital where Robyn was taken,
Beckett : and on her intake form,
UNK: there was a bit of a fashion discrepancy.
Beckett : You see, Robyn's entire outfit was worth about $50.
Beckett : and that was worth about two grand.
Beckett : So, what I'm wondering is,
Beckett : why are you lying to me?
UNK: Okay.
Percy : Can you keep a secret?
Beckett : No, but you're going to tell me anyway.
Percy : I didn't save Robyn's life.
Percy : By the time I got there, she was already safe, and passed out cold.
UNK: And the scarftourniquet was on her leg.
UNK: - Why would you lie about that? - Duh!
Percy : To be a hero.
Percy : Do you know how many Twitter followers I got after that?
Beckett : So, Robyn figured out what really happened
Beckett : and that's why she came to your house?
Percy : She wanted the truth. So, I told her.
Percy : Somebody else pulled her from the car, then they must've run off.
UNK: That's what all this must've been about. Robyn was digging into her old arrest.
Castle : Yeah, and whatever she found got her killed.
Castle : In that video, Robyn said she was so high she didn't remember anything.
UNK: So, how did she know that she's the one who stole that car?
Esposito : Because Percy said she was alone.
Castle : But he was lying, someone else was there.
UNK: And what ifthat someone was the one driving the car?
Percy : Think about it.
Castle : A reason to leave the scene of an accident
Castle : is that you were the one responsible.
Esposito : So someone else crashed the car, pulled Robyn out,
Esposito : ran off, leaving Robyn to take the fall.
Castle : But not before bandaging Robyn's leg with their own scarf.
Esposito : So, if Robyn found out who that scarf belonged to and then confronted them...
Castle : There's a good chance that person is our killer.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I talked to the country club
Ryan : and I think I found the woman who threw that party.