Ryan : Her name is Chloe Jarvis.
UNK: And apparently she's like the Paris Hilton of Long Island.
Castle : You say that like it's a good thing.
Esposito : Yeah, but that party was years ago.
UNK: How are we gonna find out who was wearing the scarf?
UNK: Photos.
Ryan : Because Chloe has a Snappamatic account.
Castle : Smart thinking.
Castle : Hopefully the photos of that party are still up.
UNK: Damn, Chloe's account is private.
Ryan : And we don't have enough probable cause yet
Ryan : to justify a warrant.
Castle : Excuse me, the NYPD may need probable cause.
Castle : Richard Castle Investigations, however...
Esposito : No, Castle. You cannot
Esposito : hack Chloe's account on behalf of the NYPD.
Ryan : We absolutely forbid you.
Castle : Honestly, how did you guys ever solve murders without me?
UNK: AII the time.
Beckett : Hey, where's Castle going?
Esposito : You don't want to know.
Esposito : 'Cause Beckett, you don't need him.
Ryan : And look, just so you know,
Ryan : - you get us in the breakup, okay? - Damn straight.
UNK: Anyway...
Beckett : I was looking over Robyn's arrest reports
Beckett : from the Suffolk County PD. It's pretty thin.
Beckett : But apparently the evidence box in their property room is missing.
Beckett : Which means either they're practicing really shoddy police work...
Ryan : Or somebody helped our mystery driver to frame Robyn.
UNK: Exactly.
Beckett : The arresting officer's name is Dan O'Grady.
UNK: He just retired from the job and moved to Manhattan.
Ryan : Kind of cushy for a cop on a pension, huh?
Castle : - It is. - AII right. Bring him in.
UNK: I don't know what to tell you, Captain. The evidence must've been misplaced.
UNK: Call the desk sergeant.
Beckett : No, evidence is missing.
Beckett : So, what did you do with it?
UNK: Who do you think you are, lady?
UNK: I came here as a courtesy, and you're gonna accuse me of misconduct?
UNK: I'm not accusing you of anything.
Beckett : Your own bank account is.
Beckett : A week after Robyn took a plea deal, you made five deposits,
Beckett : $9,900 each, over five days.
UNK: I don't have to listen to this.
Beckett : The moment you leave this office, I will be calling Internal Affairs.
Beckett : What do you want me to tell them?
Beckett : That you were helpful in solving Robyn's homicide,
Beckett : or that you obstructed justice? It's your call.
UNK: Look.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You, um...
UNK: You gotta understand,
UNK: I was four months away from mandatory retirement.
UNK: My bank account was a joke. I was desperate.
UNK: A day after Robyn was arrested, I got a phone call from some woman.
Beckett : - From who? - I didn't get a name.
UNK: She said she'd give me 50 Gs if I gave her all the evidence from the case.
UNK: Especially,
Beckett : that scarf.
Alexis : I am in Chloe's account.
Castle : Now, Alexis, do a search for Chloe's golf course party at the country club.
Martha : Oh, there's Robyn. Oh.
Martha : She was such a lovely young woman.
Castle : And she's not wearing the scarf.
Alexis : I don't see anyone that is.
Castle : Wait. There.
Alexis : There's the scarf.
Castle : So the woman who changed Robyn's life
Castle : is also the one who took it.
Beckett : Linda, how did you know Robyn?
Linda : Through NBP.
Linda : She was one of our first prison participants.
Beckett : Actually, you met long before that.
Beckett : Except Robyn was too wasted to remember.
Linda : I guess we both didn't remember.
Beckett : That's a wonderful scarf. Very expensive.
UNK: It's very generous ofyou to use it to save Robyn's life.