Wilson : You sure you're doing the right thing?
House : I've come up with a few really great rationalizations.
Chase : Sorry to interrupt. We have a problem.
Wilson : Thoracentesis revealed a transudate.
Cameron : We did an echo. She's in severe congestive heart failure.
Wilson : She needs a heart transplant.
Cameron : - We'll get her on the list immediately. - She's already on the list.
Cuddy : Come in.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: What is a department of Diagnostic Medicine?
Cuddy : That's Dr. House's department.
Cuddy : They deal with cases that other doctors can't figure out.
Vogler : It's a financial black hole.
UNK: The department costs us three million a year...
UNK: to treat one patient a week.
Cuddy : He saves one patient per week. What about everyone else?
Vogler : His department's not going to find the cure for breast cancer.
Cuddy : - Uh, maybe not, but... - Are you sleeping with House?
Cuddy : What? No. But you did. Right?
Vogler : A long time ago?
Cuddy : That's an incredibly inappropriate question.
UNK: If your judgment is compromised by a prior or current relationship, that is my business.
Cuddy : I respect him. That is all you need to know.
UNK: He's still not wearing the coat.
Cuddy : Well, I told him... I'm sure you did.
Vogler : And yet he's not wearing it. I'm just wondering if that's a reflection on him...
Vogler : or on you.
Carly : You're Dr. House.
UNK: I found a picture online of you at a conference. You need a heart transplant.
Carly : - I run. I work out... - You cut yourself.
House : Probably highly ritualized.
UNK: You play the same Sarah McLachlan song over and over while you do it.
House : Probably works better than antidepressants.
UNK: I don't understand how that... - You're a high-powered bulimic. You make yourself throw up.
UNK: You had to find the most efficient way to vomit without revealing the telltale signs of bulimia,
UNK: which is all, ooh, very unseemly for a C.E.O.
UNK: So, you found a common antidote to accidental poisoning to do the job...
UNK: Ipecac.
UNK: Which is great if your kid's just swallowed a bottle of aspirin,
UNK: but really, really bad if it's a habit.
UNK: It causes muscle damage.
UNK: It caused the pain in your leg.
UNK: And destroyed your heart.
UNK: How often do you do it?
Carly : Three times a week.
UNK: In about an hour, there's gonna be an emergency meeting of the transplant committee...
House : to discuss where you fall on the list should a new heart become available.
House : Problem is, I am required to tell the committee about your bulimia.
House : It's a major psychiatric condition. Ranks right up there with suicidal. Makes you a very bad risk.
Carly : So, you're here to tell me I have just a few hours to live?
House : Unless I lie to the committee.
House : But if they find out, I lose my medical license.
House : This would be a very good time to offer me a bribe.
UNK: You know, how much is your life worth? How much is my job worth?
Carly : Why are you here doing this to me? What do you want?
UNK: I wanna know what's right.
Carly : Am I worth it?
Carly : You think I'm pathetic.
UNK: Has a goodjob. Everything in the world.
Carly : But she just doesn't like the way that she looks.
House : Oh, stop hiding!
UNK: I'm asking you if you wanna live or die? You can't even say that.
Carly : What do you want me to do? Cry? Yes.
UNK: I want you to tell me that your life is important to you, because I don't know.
UNK: Because that's what's on the table right now... your life.