Carly : Do what you need to do. I'm okay.
UNK: I'm pretty sure my X-ray machine can take your phone in a fight.
Chase : It'll fry it.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Jenny [the Radiologist] : - How old is she? - Thirty-two.
UNK: Wow. And she's already the C.E.O. of a public company.
Chase : She's a workaholic. Okay, Carly, hold still.
Chase : The X-ray machine is gonna pass over your leg.
UNK: Okay. What'd you do with your time off?
Chase : Snowboarding in Gstaad.
UNK: Switzerland.
Chase : Do you ski or board? You can come with if you like.
Jenny : Maybe we should start with a drink before we go around the world.
UNK: Oh, you wanna have a drink with me?
Chase : Oh, very aggressive. I like that.
UNK: I wanna run this place like a business.
Cuddy : What, you want to put more vending machines in the hallway?
UNK: Maybe a roulette wheel? Nice one. But I'm serious.
Vogler : The product that you're selling is good health. It shouldn't be a tough sell.
UNK: If you don't wanna sell, it means you don't care if people get your product.
Vogler : You care if people are healthy, or are you too proud for that?
Vogler : Who's that?
UNK: Oh, that's just one of our doctors.
Vogler : Aren't, uh, doctors supposed to wear lab coats?
Cuddy : - He's different. - Everyone's buddy.
Cuddy : - No, not exactly. - Then why does he get away with it?
Cuddy : It's just a coat. He's very good.
UNK: Hmm.
House : - Say "Ah". - Ah.
UNK: Now really belt it out, like you're gonna throw up. Ahh!
UNK: Perfect.
House : Okay, that's it.
House : We should know in a couple of days what's growing in your son's throat.
UNK: Hello?
Ricky : - He can't talk. - Excuse me?
Ricky : - He had knee surgery. - Right?
Vogler : About a year ago, and then he couldn't talk.
UNK: Right. Yeah, well, that happens.
House : You know, it's very dangerous operating so close to the vocal cords.
House : Okay. Well, we'll send your kid's culture to the lab and somebody will call you.
UNK: Boo!
House : Just wanted to see if your dad, you know... Bizarre.
Cuddy : I need you to wear your lab coat.
House : I need two days of outrageous sex with someone obscenely younger than you, like half your age.
Cuddy : Wear the coat.
House : Man, oh, man, someone got spanked real good this morning.
UNK: A guy gives $100 million to cure cancer.
UNK: A pretty small concession to wear a lab coat.
Cuddy : Cure cancer?
House : Is the hospital getting out of the dull business of treating patients?
Cuddy : You know that's not what he's doing. I know exactly what he's doing.
House : He's using us to run clinical trials.
Cuddy : Oh, shame on him, saving lives like that.
House : It's unethical.
House : Oh, are you coming in too? I thought I had you convinced.