UNK: I don't wanna die.
Cameron : I don't.
UNK: This 32-year-old female was admitted by my staff,
UNK: because of paralysis and pain in her right thigh.
UNK: The patient rapidly deteriorated and now has severe congestive heart failure.
UNK: Pressors and vasodilators have not improved her condition whatsoever.
UNK: Pulmonary function tests show an F.E.C. of over three liters,
UNK: with F.E. V.-1 of at least 90% of predicted...
UNK: and preserved F.E.D./F.E.C. ratio and preserved D.L.C.O. as well.
UNK: Her MUGA had an ejection fraction of 19% with no focal wall motion abnormalities.
UNK: Heart catheterization revealed clean left, right and circumflex arteries.
UNK: And a subsequent biopsy revealed irreversible cardiomyopathy.
UNK: Which is why we're here.
Cuddy : Uh, Dr. House, I'm confused by your time and date stamps.
Cuddy : It appears that you put Carly on the transplant list before you did these tests.
House : I had a hunch.
Cuddy : You don't have hunches. You know.
House : Look, if the tests had come back differently, obviously I would have taken her off the list.
House : But on the long shot...
UNK: On the long shot that I was right, I didn't want to waste time.
Cuddy : Is there any exclusion criteria we should know about?
House : CAT scan revealed no tumors, and Dr. Wilson found no trace of cancer.
Cuddy : What about any other criteria?
House : - No atherosclerotic vascular disease. - Are there any...
UNK: No pneumonia, no bacteremia. No hep "B" or "C" or any other letters.
Cuddy : Substance abuse. Any history...
House : No alcohol. No drugs.
Cuddy : Any psychiatric conditions? History of depression? She's a little blue.
House : But turns out she needs a heart transplant, so...
Cuddy : Dr. House, if you subvert or mislead this committee,
Cuddy : you will be subject to disciplinary action.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy, do you have reason to think that I would lie?
Cuddy : I simply want you to answer the question.
Cuddy : Is there anything on the recipient exclusion criteria...
Cuddy : that would disqualify your patient from getting a heart?
UNK: No.
House : Beautiful organ donor weather.
Wilson : You lied, didn't you?
House : I never lie. Big mistake.
House : Then you should have voted against putting her on the list.
Wilson : - You're my friend. - Oh, geez, have some backbone.
House : If you think I'm wrong, do something.
Wilson : Wait. You're getting mad at me for sticking up for you?
House : You value our friendship more than your ethical responsibilities.
House : Our friendship is an ethical responsibility.
Robin : What is it?
House : My patient's getting a heart.
Cameron : He's not gonna fire you.
UNK: I'd fire you. Bye-bye.
Chase : I screw up, the patient dies, I'll never get another job.
UNK: So stick your head between your legs and go lick your wounds in Gstaad.
Chase : Well, I like it here.
Chase : You guys don't think it's weird House knew the patient needed a heart transplant...
Chase : before we did any heart tests?
Cameron : That's House. He knows things.
Chase : But usually he's putting it in our face.
Chase : Telling us how cleverly he figured it out.
Chase : This time nothing. Just had a hunch.
UNK: That is weird.
UNK: Cauterize that one bleeder.