House : 32-year-old female, paralysis and severe pain in her right quad. Go.
Foreman : - How'd she get to you? - She's the C.E.O. of Sonyo Cosmetics.
UNK: Three assistants and 15 V.P.'s checked out who should be treating her.
House : Who da man? I da man. I always suspected.
UNK: Dr. House, I know the chances are very slim, but I'm sure you recognize...
UNK: that she may have what you had, a clot in her thigh.
Chase : A bit of a long shot.
UNK: - What about a disk herniation? - I don't know, Eric.
UNK: If her disk were herniated, she'd present with pain elsewhere, wouldn't she?
Foreman : - Yeah, I suppose. - You're right.
Cameron : A clot's also the most deadly, right, Robert?
Chase : True. The clot breaks off, she could stroke and die.
Cameron : Dr. House, I believe that they're right...
House : - Stop talking. - What?
UNK: You read one of those negotiating books, didn't you?
UNK: Getting To Yes. Fifty Ways to Win an Argument. Hitchhiker's Guide to Being a Pal.
UNK: In five seconds, you just manipulated these two into agreeing with your point of view.
UNK: Fellas, this is known as soft positional bargaining.
UNK: It's not gonna work.
Cameron : Dr. House, are you saying that she doesn't have a clot,
Cameron : or are you saying that if she does have a clot,
Cameron : she doesn't need blood thinners and an angiogram?
House : Chase, put her on blood thinners. Do an angiogram.
House : When that comes back negative, M.R.I. the spine.
House : If that's clean, cut her open and biopsy the leg.
Cameron : Excellent suggestion. Read less, more TV.
UNK: It's rare for an individual to make a donation...
UNK: significant enough to impact an organization as large and unwieldy as a hospital.
UNK: This donation does come with one string,
UNK: that he be made chairman of the board.
UNK: I think that's a reasonable request. I think he should have the right to know...
UNK: what it is we do with his $100 million.
UNK: Please welcome our new chairman of the board, Edward Vogler.
Boardmember : Thank you.
Boardmember : Thank you.
UNK: When I was 18,
UNK: my dad loaned me $20,000 for a college tuition,
Vogler : which he would have known was a mistake had he known I wasn't actually in college.
Vogler : I took his money and invested in a friend who had a little business.
Vogler : And when my dad found out what I had done with his money,
Vogler : he and I didn't talk much after that.
Vogler : But my friend's business took off,
Vogler : and I used the profits from that to buy another company and another.
Vogler : And I must have been pretty good at it, had a good eye,
Vogler : because before I knew it, people were making offers for my company.
Vogler : And about a year ago, I went public,
Vogler : and overnight I was worth a billion dollars.
Vogler : So, I went to see my dad.
Vogler : I'll admit. I wanted a little payback. You know, kind of shove the win in his face.
UNK: So, I drove upstate, and sat in the kitchen I grew up in,
Vogler : and, uh, he had no reaction.
Vogler : It wasn't his fault. He didn't even know who I was,
Vogler : because his Alzheimer's had taken a turn for the worse,
Vogler : despite the best drugs and care out there.
Vogler : And that is why I'm here.
Vogler : What if my contribution to this hospital is the difference between...
Vogler : no cure and a cure for cancer?
Vogler : The difference between a man not recognizing his wife of 35 years...
Vogler : and being able to look at her and say, "Good morning, honey. I love you."