Barney : You cut a hole in the floor,
Barney : she reaches into the living room, finds the tree...
UNK: Holly night. Nice.
Ted : Where the hell are Marshall and Lily?
UNK: Let's back up one last time.
Lily : - I'm pregnant. - What?!
Barney : I've never seen that woman before in my life!
Barney : Sorry, force of habit. Congratulations!
UNK: This is great.
UNK: I'm happy.
UNK: I'm so happy, my heart's pounding.
UNK: And I'm sweating.
UNK: And I can't breathe.
UNK: This is what happiness feels like, right?
UNK: Crap. Lily's having a baby and I'm having a panic attack.
UNK: I hope she can't tell what I'm thinking right now.
UNK: I can.
UNK: And I'm freaking out, too!
UNK: There's an alien growing in my stomach that's gonna explode out of my vagina!
UNK: Do you think the others can tell?
UNK: - What am I doing with my life? - What am I doing with my life?
UNK: I should get a Christmas-themed movie snack for tomorrow night.
UNK: They're totally onto us. What do we do?
UNK: Just keep smiling, maybe wave.
UNK: No, don't wave! That makes no sense!
UNK: I'm committed. I'm riding this wave straight to hell.
UNK: Let's leave, then the waving will make sense.
UNK: So Marshall and Lily headed home.
Marshall : Lily, we have to relax.
Marshall : There's no need to panic.
Marshall : There's a lot to do, but we've got nine months to prepare.
Marshall : So I say that we just make a list of everything that needs to get done
Marshall : before the baby arrives and do everything on that list tonight!
Lily : Let's do it!
Lily : Got it. Okay, that seems easy.
Marshall : Nursery's painted!
Lily : Blue? What if it's a girl?
Marshall : Damn it!
UNK: God, it's 8 : 00! We're supposed to meet the gang at the bar to celebrate.
Marshall : God. Okay, listen. When we meet them, we have to keep it together.
Marshall : - Can you keep it together?! - No, I can't keep it together!
Robin : I have never seen you guys looking so at peace.
Robin : To Lily and Marshall.
Marshall : Well, thank you. I mean,
Marshall : we've never been happier.
Marshall : This is a nightmare! We've done everything wrong!
Lily : The iPod was on shuffle!
Lily : The Jerky Boys! Our baby heard the Jerky Boys!
Marshall : The Jerky Boys are funny.
Lily : The Jerky Boys aren't funny, they are awful.
Marshall : Fine, if you don't think the Jerky Boys are funny,
UNK: I'm not sure I can raise a child with you, liver lips.
Lily : I don't like this.
Marshall : I know. Okay? I don't like it either. It's like I have
Marshall : a hot,
Marshall : burning
Marshall : ball of stress in my chest,
Marshall : and nothing will make it go away!
Doctor : - You're not pregnant. - Well, that did it.
Doctor : I know this probably comes as quite a disappointment.
Marshall : Huge bummer.
Lily : So disappointing.
Ted : - Are you guys okay? - Yeah. Why wouldn't we be?
Lily : The baby thing.
Marshall : Yeah, whatever. Christmas-themed movie snack. Nice.
Lily : Don't reach into the living room!
Ted : I thought you guys would be devastated.
Marshall : You know, we're actually kind of relieved.
Marshall : We were freaking out for about a day and a half there.
Lily : This whole thing got us thinking. Maybe we're not ready for kids yet after all.
UNK: Wwe were thinking maybe we would just get a dog.
Barney : - Get a puppy! - Can you imagine...
Marshall : That would be the cutest thing!
Barney : Our movie snack.
Ted : Are you kidding me?!
Ted : All you ever talk about is having kids!