UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: In December of 2010, my friends and I decided
UNK: to go see It's a Wonderful Life on the big screen.
UNK: It seemed like something we all needed.
UNK: After all, it had been a crazy couple of days. It all started...
UNK: with a pregnancy test.
UNK: Is this taking forever? Are you sure you did it right?
Lily : Is there a wrong way to pee on a stick?
Marshall : Can I ask you a question that's plagued me for years?
Marshall : Can girls aim?
Lily : Can boys aim?
Lily : 'Cause it seems to me like I'm taking a mop to that bathroom floor
Lily : every two days.
UNK: The Far Side calendar you put up over the toilet make me laugh each time.
Lily : It's been two minutes.
UNK: Marshall & Lily : One, two, three.
Lily : - It's positive. - It's positive?
Lily : - I'm pregnant. - What?
Barney : I've never seen that woman before in my life!
Barney : Sorry. Force of habit. Congratulations!
Robin : To Lily and Marshall.
Marshall : Thank you.
Marshall : We've never been happier.
Marshall : Can't imagine anything bringing me down right now.
Doctor : You're not pregnant.
Marshall : That did it.
UNK: Team Who's this fucking mother ?
UNK: 6x12 - False Positive 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
UNK: Kids, this is the story of the 36 hours we all thought Lily was pregnant,
UNK: and how it caused each of us to reexamine our own lives.
UNK: - Because while this was happening... - You did it right?
UNK: I was on the phone with Punchy, my best friend from high school,
UNK: who had recently asked me to be his best man.
Ted : I've given this some serious thought. I think I know how we can crush
UNK: these floral arrangements.
Punchy : Here it comes. Hit me up, Schmos!
Ted : Peonies, lavender blossoms
Ted : with a halo of baby's breath
Ted : for an ambiance of springtime rejuvenation.
UNK: Crushed it!
Punchy : That's exactly the accent of whimsy this celebration of love needs!
Ted : It's gonna be a magical day.
Ted : I know what you're thinking.
Ted : I wish I was a dude.
Robin : I do wish you were a dude.
Ted : Because if I was a dude, I could have Ted Mosby as my best man.
Robin : No, and here's why.
Robin : The best man's job is not to crush
Robin : the floral arrangements.
Robin : It's to get the groom down the aisle, because,
Robin : no matter who he is, he will freak out.
UNK: And I don't think you have what it takes to get that soldier
Robin : to pick up his rifle and charge up the hill.
Ted : Are you forgetting I've done this before?
Ted : - I was Marshall's best man. - And how did that go again?
UNK: 0 for one.
Ted : Come on. That wasn't my fault.
Ted : And need I remind you, I gave a beautiful toast.
UNK: 0 do you take one to be your lawfully wedded wife?
Robin : Oh, God, I'm freaking out.
Robin : Why did I chose Ted to be my best man?
Ted : It's hard to take criticism
UNK: from someone who recorded seven episodes of Million Dollar Heads or Tails.
UNK: Kids, Million Dollar Heads or Tails was an extremely popular show
UNK: with an extremely simple premise.
Animator : Your practice flip came up
Ted : tails,
Animator : but our Vegas oddsmaker tells us
Animator : that the next toss is still just 50-50.
Animator : And so, Jordan,
Animator : for one million dollars...
Ted : Heads...
Animator : or tails?
Jordan : What was the year of the coin again?
UNK: Why this obsession with Heads or Tails?
UNK: It turns out that Heads or Tails has a job opening.
Ted : Heads.
Animator : Marni, flip that coin.
Robin : So now, because of that incident, Heads or Tails is looking
Robin : for a new currency rotation specialist.
Ted : You mean coin flip bimbo?
Robin : They're not bimbos!
Ted : You auditioned, didn't you?
UNK: And you're Canadian?
UNK: Robin, aside from that coin,
UNK: this is the other thing that's flipping right now.
UNK: What is my lid?
Woman : For you.
Ted : You're the new coin flip bimbo?