Ted : And now you have one little freak-out and you want to get a dog instead?!
Ted : Unacceptable! You're gonna turn around,
Ted : you're gonna go home, get naked,
Ted : lie together as man and wife until Lily is great with child.
Ted : Right now!
Ted : I'm serious! Go, go, go!
UNK: Barney, singsongy : Marshall and Lily got in trouble.
Ted : And you!
Ted : You look real stupid in that suit.
Ted : You're gonna go get your money back and give it to charity.
Ted : And I don't mean that stripper you keep e-mailing us about,
Ted : even though we beg you to take us off that list.
Barney : I can't give this suit back.
Barney : Ted, I glow in the dark. I finally glow in the dark!
Ted : Criminals of New York! Attention!
Ted : This man is wearing a diamond-covered suit!
Ted : You could retire on the pants alone!
Ted : Merry Christmas!
UNK: Robin, stuttering : So, if I get a large popcorn, you want to go split-skees or...
Barney : And you...
UNK: You did not move to the greatest city on earth
UNK: to become a coin-flipping bimbo.
UNK: So here's how it's gonna work :
UNK: Heads, you take the job at World Wide News.
UNK: Tails, you take the job at World Wide News.
UNK: Hey, looks like somebody got a new gig!
Robin : Fine, I'll call them tomorrow. I'll call them right now.
Punchy : - I can't get married! - Yes, you can! You love her!
UNK: You're right, I do! Thanks!
UNK: One for It's a Wonderful Life, please.
Marshall : Thank you.
Marshall : We're idiots.
Lily : This kid doesn't stand a chance.
Marshall : - We're ready for this. - We're ready for this.
Sam : That's a lot of zeroes.
Sam : You sure you're not missing a decimal point?
Woman : And that's the tour.
Woman : Staff meeting's at noon, you'll meet everyone there, but,
Woman : first you need to head down to security. You need to get your picture taken.
Woman : For your ID badge.
Marshall : You sure?
Lily : Positive.
Barney : And there's more. Do you still do that thing where you give people in need
Barney : - clothes for job interviews? - Why?
Barney : Bring 'em in, boys!
Ted : Merry Christmas.
Sam : - Thank you, son. - Son?!
Sam : It's just an expression. I'm still not your dad.
Barney : Congratulations.
Robin : You know, that was really cool what you did.
Robin : When we all needed it, you got us back on the right path.
Ted : It's what I do.
Robin : If I ever get married and you're not the guy I'm marrying...
Ted : Big mistake, but go on.
Robin : I could really use someone like you.
Robin : You know, in case I freak out. When I freak out.
Robin : You interested?
Ted : Are you asking what I think you're asking?
Robin : Ted, will you be my best man?
Robin : Scherbatsky...
Ted : I'm gonna crush it.
Barney : Hi, there.
Barney : We've had a lot of fun tonight, but, on a more serious note,
Barney : this is the time of year when we remember the importance of giving.
Barney : And there's no greater gift
Barney : than the gift of booty.
Barney : So, this holiday season,
Barney : why not bang someone in need?
Barney : I'm Barney Stinson, and that's...
Barney : one to grow on.
Barney : Hi, there. You know, we've had a lot of fun tonight...