Barney : Diamonds.
Barney : It is the uppest a person could ever suit.
Ted : Has it ever occurred to you to give some of this to charity?
Barney : Charity? You're seriously talking to me about charity?
Barney : Dude, I am Mr. Charity.
Barney : I frequently sleep with sixes,
Barney : chubsters, over-thirties...
Barney : I am the Bill and Melinda Gates of the sympathy bang.
Barney : Hey, guys.
Marshall : - Big announcement. - Let me guess.
Ted : You got a huge bonus check, too.
Marshall : No, just a $30 gift card to Costa Coffee.
Ted : Thirty?!
Lily : - I'm pregnant. - What?!
Barney : I've never seen that woman before in my life!
Barney : Sorry, force of habit. Congratulations!
UNK: Marshall and Lily are doing something meaningful.
UNK: And it's making me less happy about this bonus.
UNK: And I'm still single.
UNK: At least I got that going for me.
UNK: So why do I still feel outside of awesome looking in?
UNK: What am I doing with my life?
Marshall : We've never been happier.
UNK: I can't imagine anything bringing me down right now.
Barney : You only think you're happy.
Barney : Just wait, because tonight,
Barney : is Barney's Favorite Things!
UNK: That was the reaction Barney expected.
UNK: This was the one he got.
Marshall : - I don't know what that is. - Barney's Favorite Things!
Barney : I'm gonna give you all a bunch of free stuff... like Oprah.
Barney : Just get excited, okay?
UNK: The next hour got pretty weird.
Barney : Velour track suits!
Marshall : - Velour is so comfortable. - They're so soft.
Barney : Remote control helicopters!
Barney : Condoms!
Barney : And last but not least...
Barney : There is a fleet of limos outside
Barney : waiting to take us to...
Barney : a strip club!
Barney : You get a lap dance! You get a lap dance!
Barney : You're gonna give me a lap dance!
Barney : Everybody gets a lap dance!
Barney : That was amazing!
Barney : It was like a diamond suit for my soul.
Barney : I gotta keep going. I gotta do more.
Ted : I cannot go back to that strip club.
Ted : I seen some things.
Barney : I'm not going back either.
Barney : I'm taking the rest of my bonus
Barney : to God's strip club.
UNK: The next day, he paid a visit to the most charitable man he knew,
UNK: his half-brother's father, Sam Gibbs, a minister at a church on Long Island.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Sam.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Father.
Barney : I don't mean father father.
Barney : - Unless... - What's up, Barney?
Barney : I'm thinking about giving some money to charity.
Sam : Is that the name of the stripper you've been e-mailing me about?
UNK: You gotta take me off that list.
Barney : No, I don't mean that charity.
Barney : That charity is doing peachy.
Barney : You'll see pics in next week's e-mail.
Sam : What up!
Sam : I'm a minister.
Sam : Unsubscribe.
Barney : I recently started giving, and,
Barney : it felt surprisingly good.
UNK: - I wanna do more. - Well, now you're talking.
Sam : We have this program that helps those in need get back on their feet.
Sam : We give them food, a place to live,
Sam : clothes for job interviews.
Barney : Well, I would love to help
Barney : by writing a check
Robin : for... one...
Barney : zero, zero, zero...
Doctor : You're not pregnant.
Barney : Zero...
Barney : Hold on a second.
UNK: Wait. They're not doing something meaningful with their lives.
UNK: This changes everything.
UNK: I've already written four zeroes.
UNK: Thank you, decimal point.
Barney : One hundred dollars.
UNK: That's great!
Sam : Thank you, Barney!
Barney : Diamond suited up.