Robin : Currency rotation specialist.
Ted : You better check yourself before you "Trebek" yourself.
Ted : You're a journalist!
Robin : It's a national audience!
Robin : I get to wear shiny dresses!
Ted : Have you forgotten about your New Year's resolution?
Robin : I am never drinking again.
Ted : Before that.
UNK: Robin, slurring : I am gonna finish this whole bottle tonight.
Ted : Before that, too.
Robin : I moved here
Robin : to work for a big-time cable news channel like World Wide News.
Robin : By this time next year, I will be wearing
Robin : a World Wide News I.D. badge around my neck.
Robin : And to show you that I'm serious,
Robin : this is my first and only drink of the night.
Robin : Oh, damn, that's smooth.
Ted : I thought you finally got that interview at World Wide News.
Robin : I did, but they only offered me a boring,
Robin : low-paid, off-camera research job.
Ted : Which could be a stepping stone in your career.
UNK: So could Heads or Tails.
Robin : The first currency rotation specialist
Robin : went on to be a semi-finalist on The Bachelor,
UNK: and then, she lost a hundred pounds on The Biggest Loser,
Robin : and now she's totally winning Celebrity Rehab.
UNK: It seemed like there was no changing Robin's mind.
UNK: But what we didn't realize was, in a few minutes,
UNK: our world was going to be turned upside down.
Lily : - I'm pregnant. - What?
UNK: Now, kids, when your friends have great news, you're happy for them.
UNK: For, like, a millisecond.
UNK: And then you start thinking about yourself.
UNK: Oh, my God!
UNK: They're really having a baby.
UNK: What am I doing with my life?
UNK: Starting Monday, I'm a rotation spe... Who am I kidding?
UNK: I'm a coin flip bimbo, and I'm still single.
UNK: Let's not go there, Scherbatsky. That's a whole other thing.
UNK: I've got to take that World Wide News job.
UNK: And so, the next night, we had two things to celebrate.
Robin : Well, you are looking at the new
Robin : associate researcher at World Wide News.
Marshall : Oh, my gosh. That's amazing.
Ted : What changed your mind?
Robin : I just realized that I am about to have a little niece who looks up to me.
Robin : And I don't want to be sad aunt Robin,
Robin : the aging coin flip bimbo who gives her the creeps.
Robin : I want to be cool aunt Robin,
Robin : the respected journalist, who gives her beer.
Robin : - What? - What?
Robin : I have never seen you guys looking so at peace.
Robin : To Lily and Marshall.
Marshall : Thank you.
Marshall : We've never been happier.
UNK: So the next day Robin called Heads or Tails to respectfully decline.
Robin : Hi, Mr. Trebek. This is Robin Scherbatsky.
UNK: - But at that moment... - You're not pregnant.
Robin : As honored as I am by the offer...
UNK: FAUSSE ALERTE. PAS ENCEINTE.
UNK: They're not having a baby.
UNK: What am I getting all up in my head about?
UNK: That research job sounds hard.
UNK: And I'm pretty.
UNK: I'm really, really pretty.
Robin : You are looking at the new coin flip bimbo.
Ted : You took the heads or tails job?
Ted : What about World Wide News, your ID badge?
Ted : You made a New Year's resolution.
Robin : Okay, I also said I would never make out with a garbage man.
Robin : Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Robin : What's with the gingerbread house?
Ted : We're seeing a Christmas movie.
Ted : It's a Christmas-themed movie snack.
Robin : Let's hope Santa brings you a girlfriend this year.
Ted : Where the hell is Barney?
UNK: Where was Barney? Let's back up again.
UNK: You see, while this was going on...
Lily : It's positive.
UNK: This was happening.
Robin : And now she's totally winning Celebrity Rehab.
Barney : Hey, guys.
Barney : A yuletide riddle.
Barney : What is my second favorite word that begins with b-o-n?
Barney : What is my third favorite word that begins with b-o-n?
Barney : Bonus.
Barney : As in, my end-of-the-year bonus check.
Ted : My God, Barney!
Ted : I work for GNB, too.
Ted : All I got was $15 gift card to Costa Coffee.
Barney : You earned it, buddy.
Barney : Check out what I'm gonna buy for myself.
Barney : The dibiase.
Barney : See those pinstripes?