Beckett : like she was trying to keep it secret.
Esposito : It says here that her return flight from Boston landed yesterday at 6 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Just hours before her murder that night.
Beckett : Meaning this mystery trip might have something to do with her death.
Esposito : Yeah, and look at this.
Esposito : According to her cell records,
Esposito : right after she landed, she made a call
Esposito : to the New York Ledger's news desk.
Beckett : What's a preschool admissions officer doing
Beckett : calling the Ledger's news desk?
Esposito : Maybe she uncovered something she thought was a story.
Esposito : But I checked with them over there,
Esposito : nobody remembers talking to her.
UNK: We got to find out what she was doing during that trip.
Esposito : Yeah, we do.
Esposito : Before your husband does and makes us all look bad.
Ryan : I can help with that.
Ryan : The last charge that Shana made on her credit card
UNK: was for a lunch at a restaurant two days ago.
Beckett : That's right before she left town.
Ryan : She split the bill with this woman, Nicole Morris.
Ryan : She's an attorney at Harrison and Reid.
Esposito : That's one of the top law firms in the country.
Esposito : Why would Shana be meeting with an attorney?
Beckett : I don't know, but a high-powered attorney,
Ryan : a secret trip paid for in cash,
Ryan : and a phone call to a news desk.
Ryan : This is starting to smell like conspiracy.
UNK: Well, I hate to admit it, but baby Castle over here might be right.
Beckett : Conspiracy or not, if this lawyer
Beckett : met with Shana just before her trip,
Beckett : she may know something about it. So, where can I find her?
Ryan : Her assistant says that she's out all day with some clients,
Ryan : but you might be able to catch her
Ryan : at her 3 o'clock. Here's the address.
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Ryan : Nicole Morris?
Beckett : Uh, Detective Beckett, NYPD. I...
UNK: Castle? What are you doing here?
Castle : I work here. Welcome to Richard Castle Investigations.
UNK: When were you gonna tell me that you had an office?
UNK: Uh... Eventually.
UNK: No, we're married. Married people tell each other things.
Castle : Yeah, but you weren't exactly thrilled when I got my PI license.
Beckett : 'Cause you didn't tell me!
UNK: And what is she doing here?
Castle : Oh! She had lunch with the victim,
Beckett : right before the victim left town.
Beckett : No, no, no, I mean, how did you find her?
Castle : Ah. I was checking the victim's credit card
UNK: for plane ticket charges to see where she flew,
Castle : and instead I found a lunch charge...
Beckett : Wait a minute. You checked her credit card records? How?
Castle : Okay, we're getting into kind of a gray area here,
Castle : so let's just say it involved her mother's maiden name
Castle : and a serviceable falsetto.
Nicole : Uh, I'm sorry.
Nicole : I have another appointment. Is this gonna take much longer?
UNK: Be right there, Miss Morris.