UNK: Now, I placed a call over there,
Ryan : but they don't open for another half an hour. So...
Ryan : Oh. How'd it go with Castle last night?
Ryan : Is he ahead of us or behind us?
UNK: Uh, we're definitely on top of him.
Castle : Without access to those police files,
UNK: they are gonna leave me in the dust.
Alexis : I thought you became a PI to work with Beckett.
Alexis : When did it become a competition?
Castle : When she took something beautiful that we'd built together
Castle : and shared it with another man.
UNK: What?
Castle : Investigatively speaking.
Castle : But I may have found a way to catch up.
Castle : I have been looking for any mention of Shana's boyfriend's death.
Castle : Wading through newspapers, public records, and the like.
Castle : And, check this out.
Castle : It's from the Radnor University Daily.
Castle : Do you notice anything unusual about this ad?
UNK: That people were ever actually afraid of Y2K?
Beckett : Yes, that, and the ad is above the fold.
Castle : I worked on my school paper, that's layout 101.
Castle : You never place an ad above the fold on the front page,
Castle : unless something changed last minute, creating a space to fill.
Alexis : Like the lead story was shortened.
Castle : Something was pulled from it just before they published.
Castle : And I bet it relates to this case.
Alexis : You could track down the reporter, see if he could tell you.
Castle : Except the story is credited to Staff.
Castle : But there is someone else who knows.
UNK: Who?
Castle : The person who ordered the article shortened in the first place.
Castle : The editor.
UNK: Frank Jackson? Yeah, the guy at the alumni office
Ryan : said that Shana came in requesting all of his contact information.
Beckett : Frank Jackson. Why does that sound so familiar?
Ryan : Because he is now a reporter at the New York Ledger.
Esposito : That's who Shana was calling the day she died.
Ryan : And I can tell you why.
Ryan : Fifteen years ago, Frank Jackson was the president
Ryan : of the exclusive Tiger Claw Social Club,
Ryan : the organization that hosted the party where Shana's boyfriend died.