UNK: Castle, the PI's license doesn't change anything.
UNK: The DA's still not gonna let you investigate with us.
Castle : Oh, you see, that's the brilliant part.
Castle : I'm not going to be investigating with you.
UNK: No!
UNK: Instead, I'm gonna conduct my own
Castle : parallel investigation alongside yours.
Esposito : Nice try, but you know that's not gonna fly.
Castle : Actually, it will fly.
Castle : You see, as a licensed PI,
Castle : I'm legally entitled to investigate
Castle : this case on behalf of my client.
Ryan : Ah. So who's your client?
Castle : I'm sorry, that's confidential.
Castle : I'm sorry, so is this investigation.
Beckett : I'm afraid he's right.
Beckett : PI's license or not, this crime scene is closed.
UNK: So, you're gonna have to go.
Castle : That's fine. I've already seen everything I need to here, anyway.
Castle : I'll conduct my investigation elsewhere.
Beckett : Elsewhere where?
Castle : I'm sorry, that's confidential too.
UNK: Huh.
Esposito : Is he serious?
Beckett : I think he is. And I think I'm getting a headache.
UNK: Um, Ryan, see if you can get a hold of this building's superintendent.
Beckett : Look for any security cams and try to reach out to her next of kin.
Beckett : Espo, you and I should go to the school that she worked for,
Beckett : see if they can tell us anything else about Shana's life.
Esposito : You really didn't know about this PI thing?
Beckett : No, I mean, I saw him spending hours on the computer,
Beckett : but I just figured he was playing Terra Quest.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: So, what're you gonna do?
Beckett : Well, there's not much that I can do.
Beckett : Look, I know that he's doing this to spend time with me,
UNK: and I don't wanna hurt his feelings.
Beckett : I don't know, maybe it'll be harmless.
UNK: Harmless? This is Castle we're talking about.
Beckett : Okay, but he knows nothing about the case or the victim.
Beckett : So, how much trouble can he be?
Esposito : We're about to find out.
Beckett : Castle, how did you get here? Well, it turns out the subway
UNK: really is faster than morning traffic.
Beckett : No, I mean, how did you get here?
Beckett : To the school where Shana worked?
Castle : Oh! Well, the neighbors didn't know very much.
Castle : I figured her work would be your next stop.
Castle : So, I've heard about this place.
Castle : It's the feeder school in the city.
UNK: The only place to be if you're three years old and connected.
UNK: Isn't that Spalding Elliot over there?
Beckett : The State's top prosecutor.
Beckett : He's on the short list for Attorney General.
UNK: And behind him, James Kallman, Internet billionaire.
Castle : Even spotted Diddy in the carpool lane.
UNK: Well, this place is a bastion of the city's elite.