UNK: She'd just sent the acceptance letters out last week,
UNK: Ms. Matthews : so she took the past couple of days off to recover.
Castle : If acceptance letters went out,
Castle : does that mean rejection letters went out as well?
UNK: Ms. Matthews : Look, I know what you're thinking.
UNK: Ms. Matthews : And, yes, parents can get a bit emotional,
UNK: Ms. Matthews : especially when it comes to their kids being turned down.
UNK: But nothing has ever risen to the level of something like this.
Esposito : Well, maybe this year it did. There's something you guys gotta hear.
Beckett : You think you can ruin my kid's life?
UNK: Bitch, I know where you live and you'll never see me coming!
Esposito : This was left on Shana's voicemail a few days ago.
Esposito : And pretty much describes what happened to her.
UNK: Doctor Matthews, do you recognize this voice?
UNK: Ms. Matthews : I'm afraid I don't.
Beckett : Okay, check with the rest of the staff, see if anyone else does.
Esposito : We'll also need copies of the school's phone records,
Esposito : as well as a list of parents that received rejection letters.
UNK: Ms. Matthews : Of course.
UNK: Can I get a copy of that list too?
UNK: I'm gonna take that as a "no."
Castle : Can't say that I'm shocked.
Castle : Group of powerful people not used to hearing the word "no."
Beckett : Come on, Castle.
UNK: You really think that rejection from preschool
UNK: qualifies as motive for murder?
Castle : With a feeder school like this one?
Castle : A rejection from here
Castle : could mean not getting into the "right" elementary school,
Castle : which affects high school, which affects college, and... Oh, my God.
Castle : People do insane things for their kids.
Castle : You'll see.
Castle : Where are you off to?
Beckett : Back to the precinct.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Look, Castle, if it was my choice...
Castle : Oh, please. Why would I wanna go to the precinct?
Castle : No, a PI's work is done in the field,
Castle : and I've got lots of leads to follow up on.
Beckett : Okay, I'll see you tonight.
Beckett : See you tonight.
Castle : So unfair.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : A private investigator?
Beckett : I swear, sir, I had nothing to do with this.
Gates : Yet he showed up at your crime scene!
Gates : Let me remind you, the DA was very explicit.
Gates : Ever since he worked that case for the mob,
Gates : Mr. Castle can no longer take part in our investigations.
Beckett : He's not. I mean, technically he's conducting his own investigation.
Beckett : And since he's licensed,
Beckett : legally, there's not much that I can do to stop him.
Gates : Okay, Detective. But let me be perfectly clear.
Gates : You cannot help him either. And that goes for you too.
Castle : I'm sorry?
Gates : No sharing of information, no granting access. Nothing.
Gates : Or there will be hell to pay. Understood?
Frank : Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
UNK: Good.
UNK: "How much trouble can he be?"
Beckett : Trust me, once he finds out that he has to work this case without me,
UNK: he's gonna get bored and he's gonna move on.
Esposito : He found our victim's school without you.
Beckett : Yeah, but that was easy.
Beckett : He doesn't have access to financials,
Beckett : to phone records, to street-cam footage.
UNK: I mean, how far is he gonna get?
Ryan : You know what would really suck?
Ryan : If Castle solved this case before we did.
Beckett : And that is not possible.
Ryan : Yeah, but what if he did?
UNK: Well, then we'd never hear the end of it.
Esposito : Uh, no, you would never hear the end of it.
Esposito : You're the one who has to go home to that guy.
Beckett : Listen, there is no way that he can solve this case before us.
Castle : All right, who are you
Castle : and what are you doing with a dead woman's dog?
Beckett : Think you can get the drop on me?
Jeremy : You don't know who you're messing with.
Castle : Who are you? Why're you following me?
Castle : I can't answer if I can't talk.
UNK: Okay, my name is Richard Castle, and I'm a...
Castle : Oh, I can show you.
UNK: No!
Castle : Pepper spray?
Castle : Why did you do that?
Jeremy : I thought you were reaching for a gun!
Castle : No, I was reaching for my PI license!
Jeremy : You're a PI?
Jeremy : Oh, man. I'm sorry. Here, come here.
Jeremy : I was mugged last week, all right?
Jeremy : You can't trail people like that.
UNK: Sorry. I'm looking into the murder of Shana Baker.
Jeremy : Whoa, hey.
Jeremy : Shana's dead? Yes.
Jeremy : She was my friend. Hey, who killed her?
Esposito : Brian Whitman. Senior partner at Tenzer Capitol.
Esposito : We traced the threatening call to his office.
Ryan : Guy's a big shot with even bigger anger-management problems,
Ryan : including slamming his Tesla
UNK: into this driver who cut him off.
Beckett : Anyone at the school recognize him?
Esposito : No, but I had unis show his picture around Shana's building.
Esposito : The same day he left that voicemail,
Esposito : neighbors saw him banging on her door, yelling obscenities.
Esposito : He promised he'd be back.
UNK: Brian Whitman : So, I was a little aggressive
UNK: when Miss Baker didn't let my son into that school.
UNK: Brian Whitman : But that doesn't mean I killed her.
UNK: "Bitch, I know where you live and you will never see me coming."
Beckett : That sounds like a death threat to me.