Beckett : What strings did she want you to pull?
Whitman : She wanted me to contact the Dean of Students.
Whitman : Tell him Shana was coming to see him,
Whitman : and that she needed help with something.
Beckett : And what exactly did she need help with?
UNK: She wouldn't tell me.
Whitman : She just asked me to make the phone call to the Dean.
Whitman : That's all I know. I swear.
Whitman : So, we're good, right?
Whitman : I mean, my son's still in?
Beckett : The Dean confirmed that Shana was there yesterday,
UNK: requesting access to Radnor campus police files.
Beckett : Police files? Which ones?
Beckett : He didn't know, but according to their records room,
Beckett : she looked through incident reports
Beckett : from 1999.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Why would she be looking at 15-year-old incident reports?
Ryan : I bet Castle knows.
Esposito : Are you kidding me?
Beckett : There is no way he's ahead of us on this.
Ryan : Hey. He got to the morgue before us, and that lawyer.
Beckett : Ryan, he is resourceful, but he is not that resourceful.
Ryan : He got you to marry him, didn't he?
Esposito : Call him. Let's see where he's at.
Beckett : I just cut him out of the case.
Beckett : I can't call him and ask him what he knows.
Esposito : Then don't ask him.
Esposito : You're a detective. Detect.
Castle : Thank you for picking up dinner.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Didn't want you to starve on that PI's salary.
Alexis : So, how's your first case going?
Castle : Did I tell you I got pepper sprayed today?
Alexis : You say that like it's a good thing.
UNK: Yeah, I mean, now I'm kind of stuck.
Castle : I know our victim took a trip to Radnor University,
Castle : I just have no idea why.
Castle : I hacked into her social media accounts...
Alexis : Wait, you know how to hack into social media accounts?
Castle : Hacking might be overstating it.
Castle : Her password for everything is "Sparkles," her dog's name.
Castle : Point is, without police resources,
Castle : the best I can do is go through her friends' online posts
Castle : and look for some connections to Radnor University.
Beckett : Are there any?
Castle : Just one thing, but it happened 15 years ago.
Castle : I have no idea if it's even relevant.
Castle : I just wish I knew what Beckett had.
UNK: Mmm!
Castle : Richard Castle Investigations.
Beckett : Hey, babe. Just checking in. What are you doing?
Castle : Oh, just hanging out at the office. How about you?
Ryan : He has an office?
UNK: Uh, just wondering how your day's going?
UNK: Good. Really good, actually. How about yours?
Beckett : Yeah, mine's good too.
Beckett : Really, really good.
Castle : That's good. Great. I should have said, "Great."
Castle : Mine's great.
Castle : Great. That's...
UNK: Okay, so I'll see you tonight.
Beckett : See you tonight.
Beckett : He knows something.
Alexis : She has something.
Esposito : And you have to find out what.
UNK: And I'm gonna find out what.
Castle : Oh, hey, there. You're home early.
UNK: Hey. I couldn't wait to see you.
Beckett : So, I picked up a bottle of wine
Beckett : on the way home. It's your favorite.
UNK: Oh, that is such a big glass.
Castle : What's the occasion? No occasion.
Beckett : I just figured this would be a great way for you to unwind
UNK: after a long day at work.
Castle : Oh, that's so nice. And where's your glass?
Beckett : Oh, it's over there.
Castle : Well, why don't we top that off for you, shall we?
Castle : Once we get all nice and relaxed,
UNK: unwind...
Castle : There we go.
Castle : You can tell me all about your day.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're not trying to ply me with wine
Beckett : to find out what I know about this case, are you?
Castle : Of course not. That's not what you're trying to do, is it?
UNK: No. Okay.
Castle : Because if you were trying to find out what I know,
Castle : that would mean you're stuck.
Castle : I'm not stuck.
Castle : Good. Because I'm not stuck either.
UNK: So you do know something. So you do know something.