Beckett : So, maybe he needed to silence Shana
Beckett : to keep her from destroying him.
UNK: Detective, if you're gonna go after
Gates : the top federal prosecutor in New York,
UNK: you're gonna need more than just the word of a compromised journalist.
UNK: You're gonna need bulletproof evidence.
Gates : And you don't have it.
Beckett : What if we can place Elliot at the crime scene?
Beckett : We found a cigarette butt with DNA evidence on it.
UNK: Which you're gonna match to his how?
UNK: I doubt if he's gonna volunteer his DNA if he's guilty.
Beckett : We'll find a way. Tread lightly, Detective.
Gates : You're hunting big game here.
Gates : And until we have a stronger case,
Gates : we cannot afford to attract any attention.
Gates : Which means, Mr. Castle,
Gates : you cannot be involved in this at all,
Gates : even in your private investigator capacity.
Beckett : Sir, we never would have gotten this far without...
Castle : Oh, no, actually, she's right. Rules are rules.
UNK: As a matter of fact, I shouldn't even be here right now.
Gates : Well, that was easier than I expected.
UNK: Yeah. Huh.
Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : Come on.
UNK: There.
Castle : One sample of damning DNA evidence coming right up.
Esposito : Sorry, Sherlock. Not this time.
Ryan : Pros will take it from here.
UNK: I...
UNK: Spaulding Elliott : A cigarette butt? Is that supposed to mean something?
Gates : It was recovered at the scene of Shana Baker's murder.
UNK: Preliminary DNA tests indicate it's yours.
Elliott : That's not possible.
Beckett : It is. Because you were there. You killed her, Mr. Elliot.
Elliott : That's ridiculous. I didn't even know her.
Elliott : Why would I kill her?
Gates : Because she knew the truth
Gates : about what happened that night at the party.
UNK: About Jeff Whalen's murder.
Beckett : We know that she tracked you down.
Beckett : And when she confronted you, you had her silenced.
Elliott : Okay, listen. Okay, she did track me down.
UNK: And she practically accosted me
Elliott : in front of my office the other night.
Elliott : And I told her the truth, all right?