Beckett : There is no conspiracy against you. You killed her.
Elliott : I couldn't have killed her,
Elliott : because I was at a fundraiser that night.
Beckett : Yeah, we checked into that.
UNK: You got there at 11 : 00. Shana was dead by 10 : 30.
Elliott : I swear to you. I am being set up!
Gates : I'm sorry, I'm afraid I have no other choice but to arrest you for...
UNK: Wait!
UNK: He's telling the truth. Spalding Elliot is not our killer.
UNK: Hi.
Gates : Was I not clear when I told you
Gates : to stay away from this case?
Castle : Okay, I can see you're upset.
Castle : But I promise, in a moment you'll understand. Jeremy.
UNK: This is Jeremy. He is the victim's friend and dog-sitter.
Gates : Oh, so, Jeremy is some sort of a witness?
UNK: Not quite. Jeremy, if I may?
Gates : Oh, the dog? The dog is the witness? Mr. Castle...
UNK: Just watch.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
UNK: I'm proving this man's innocence.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Mr. Elliot, if I may...
UNK: Please, no.
UNK: See, I remember reading in a profile of Mr. Elliot
Castle : that he has a severe allergy to long-haired dogs.
Beckett : And the victim's apartment was covered in dog hair.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Now, does this seem like the kind of man
Castle : who could wait in Shana's apartment?
Castle : Let alone smoke a cigarette while he did so?
UNK: Please.
Beckett : No, but I mean, he could be faking the whole thing.
UNK: Please. Please, get him out of here, before the hives start!
Castle : I think that ship has sailed.
Beckett : Okay, yeah, definitely not faking that.
UNK: Now, here is Spalding Elliot arriving at the fundraiser,
Ryan : the night of Shana's death.
Ryan : Note the lack of red splotches on his face.
Beckett : There is no way that he came straight
Beckett : from her apartment looking like that.
Esposito : Which means Ryan nailed it before. This is a conspiracy.
UNK: Ryan, you played the "C" card?
Ryan : Well, I mean, you weren't around. Somebody had to step up.
Beckett : Okay, for this set-up to work,
Beckett : someone had to activate Shana, and tell her about the cover-up.
UNK: Right, that way her death
Castle : would create an investigative path that led straight to Elliot.
Esposito : Setting him up for her murder.
Castle : My guess is we're dealing with some kind of big-money fixer,
UNK: a shadowy gun-for-hire Michael Clayton type.
UNK: Well, whoever planted Elliot's DNA at the crime scene
Beckett : had to have gotten the cigarette butt from somewhere.
Castle : Which means they had to intersect with Elliot at some point.
Castle : If we can figure out where and when...