Whitman : I was being dramatic.
Esposito : How were you being when you shot her?
UNK: Look, you don't understand.
Beckett : And neither will a jury.
Whitman : I had no reason to kill her.
Whitman : She changed her mind about my son.
Whitman : She decided to let him in.
Beckett : Mr. Whitman, we have the school records...
Whitman : This just happened two days ago.
UNK: Call down there. You can check.
Whitman : I even have the letter she wrote me.
Esposito : Your son had already been rejected.
Esposito : So why would Shana change her mind?
Beckett : I don't know.
Whitman : She just did.
Beckett : Whitman's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was on an investment call to Hong Kong at the time of the murder.
Esposito : And the school verifies his claim.
Esposito : Shana did reverse the decision on his son.
Beckett : Do you think she gave in to Whitman's threats?
UNK: Nah, the headmistress said
Esposito : that Shana would never cut a deal.
Esposito : If she felt threatened,
UNK: she would've notified the school or the police.
Esposito : Unless there's more to the story.
Beckett : Let's dig into Whitman.
Beckett : See if there's anything else that connects him to Shana.
Beckett : He's hiding something.
UNK: Well, looks like our victim might
Ryan : have been hiding something herself.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : According to this bank statement,
Ryan : she withdrew $3,000 in cash out of her account
Ryan : the day before she died.
Beckett : And I take it that's not her normal pattern of withdrawal?
Ryan : No, in fact, it nearly cleaned out her savings account.
Esposito : So what would Shana Baker be doing
Esposito : that she needed that much cash?
Jeremy : Shana was going out of town.
Jeremy : That's why she wanted me to keep Sparkles.
Castle : I'm assuming you're better with dogs than you are with people.
Castle : Where'd she go? No idea.
Jeremy : In fact, the whole thing was sort of weird.
Castle : How so?
UNK: Well, usually when I take Sparkles,
Jeremy : she tells me weeks in advance.
Jeremy : But this was really sudden.
Jeremy : I had to take him right away.
UNK: And she always tells me where she's going,
Jeremy : but she didn't tell me this time.
UNK: Do you think her trip had something to do
Jeremy : with why she was killed?
Castle : Well, seeing as how she dropped her dog off with you
Castle : and the very next day she was murdered,