Castle : Yes, I'm dressed! I did not think it would be such an event.
UNK: Hey. Morning, babe.
Beckett : Does this mean you have something special planned for today?
Castle : As a matter of fact, I do have something special lined up.
Castle : A surprise, actually, for you.
UNK: Really? What kind of a surprise?
Castle : Well, now if I told you that it wouldn't be a surprise.
Castle : But trust me, you're gonna love it.
UNK: Okay, now, why does that scare me?
Martha : Because you're smart.
Beckett : Hmm. Come on, Castle. Spill.
Castle : Master interrogator like yourself,
Castle : and that's the best you've got?
Beckett : Maybe I'm just getting started.
Castle : Or not.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Victim is Shana Baker.
UNK: According to her pay stubs, she worked at Eastbourne Preschool.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Point of entry is a window in her bedroom.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Somebody broke the glass.
UNK: She would've heard that, and based on her body position,
Beckett : it doesn't look like she was trying to run away.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : No, she wasn't.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : No signs of defensive wounds or struggle.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : Just a single gunshot to the chest.
Beckett : Which means our killer was in here when she came home.
Perlmutter : How a woman so astute could choose to marry Castle...
UNK: Ah, come on, Perlmutter, admit it.
Ryan : - You miss him too. - Please.
Perlmutter : Just knowing he's not gonna be here
Perlmutter : makes coming to work sheer bliss.
Perlmutter : All things considered.
Beckett : Time of death?
UNK: Well, lividity and liver temp suggest
UNK: between 9 : 00 and 10 : 30 last night.
Ryan : Neighbors were out, which is probably why no one heard the shot,
UNK: but CSU, they did find this.
Beckett : A cigarette butt.
UNK: Yeah, it was in the fire escape outside the bedroom window.
Ryan : And the neighbors above and below are not smokers.
Perlmutter : Neither was the victim. Not with pearly whites like these.
Beckett : So, if our killer had time to grab a smoke,
Beckett : then this wasn't a B and E.
Beckett : Our killer was lying in wait. Which means, this was premeditated.
Beckett : Where's the dog?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Dog's gone.
UNK: Might've been scared off by the gunshot.
Ryan : Or, like Lassie, Sparkles is out there
Ryan : trying to track down our killer.
Esposito : Really? Lassie?
Ryan : Someone has to provide us with out-of-the-box thinking
Ryan : now that Castle's not around. Thank you,
Castle : but I'll take it from here.
Beckett : Castle? What are you doing?
Beckett : You know that you're not allowed to be here.
Castle : Actually, I am.
Castle : Because I'm no longer Richard Castle, ordinary citizen.
Castle : I am now Richard Castle,
Castle : private investigator.
Beckett : You got your PI's license? Without telling me?
Castle : I took an online course. Finished last night. Are you surprised?
Beckett : Can we talk for a second?
Castle : Excuse me.