Rachel : No, but they stuck me in Personal Shopping, which is a huge step down.
Phoebe : What is that?
UNK: Where you walk around with rich people and tell them what to buy?
Phoebe : That sounds great!
UNK: We switched apartments. You can't eat our food. That gravy train has ended.
UNK: There's gravy?
Monica : If you have the big apartment, you have to deal with people coming over.
UNK: That fridge has to be stocked. That's your apartment now.
Monica : -What are you doing? -I think I left a doughnut up here.
UNK: How was Kathy's play?
Ross : Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good-looking guy.
UNK: It's like somebody wrote down my worst nightmare...
Chandler : ...and then charged me $32 to see it.
UNK: That's a good idea for a business.
UNK: I'm totally screwed. They're gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night...
UNK: ...then they'll go to their cast parties, and he's gonna try to undermine me.
UNK: He'll be like, "Where's your boyfriend? What's his name? Chester?"
UNK: She'll go, "It's Chandler." He'll go, "Whatever!"
Joey : That is a good trick.
Chandler : All right, look. What am I going to do?
UNK: They're actors. They're there to do a job.
UNK: It doesn't mean they're gonna get together.
UNK: Just because it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins...
UNK: ...doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
Ross : Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Joey : Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Phoebe : Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
UNK: They're not a couple.
Phoebe : I get the game now.
UNK: All these people were in movies together. It's much different with plays.
UNK: You were in acting class together, and she slept with you.
UNK: Acting class is a lot more like a movie than a play.
Joey : When they were doing it on stage, was it really hot?
UNK: Kathy's Co-star : Oh, yeah.
UNK: So you're fine.
Joey : The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage...
UNK: ...then all the sexual tension between them is gone.
UNK: As long as it's hot on stage, you got nothing to worry about.
Joey : When the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
UNK: Really?
UNK: You guys have been to every play I've been in. Have I ever had chemistry on stage?
UNK: -No. -No!
UNK: Are you gonna go see the play with me tonight?
UNK: I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between them.
Chandler : -I know, but -No, I'm there.
Joey : -Want some pancakes? -You made pancakes?
Joey : Grab a plate.
UNK: No, no. Stay right there.
UNK: Getting closer.
UNK: Don't worry...
Chandler : ...we also have cereals, muffins, waffles and...
Chandler : ...jams, jellies and marmalades, which I'm sure are the same thing.
UNK: Please eat, because Joey opened everything.
UNK: We're watching the game here Saturday night, if people wanna come over.
Monica : I was thinking about having people over.
UNK: Yeah? Who's playing?
Monica : The players.
Ross : Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
UNK: Please. It's a relief, is what it is, is what it is.
Joey : Pheebs, stick out your plate.