House : Maybe that's the difference between Foreman and the cop.
UNK: How you feeling?
Foreman : Why are you here?
Cuddy : Because you're a friend, and I should be here.
Foreman : I'm sorry House used my dad to try and manipulate you.
Foreman : You've got integrity. You aren't going to change your mind
Foreman : just because you're confronted by my father.
Girl : Thank you.
UNK: Just like I'm not gonna forgive you,
UNK: just because you come by here and ask how I'm feeling.
Cuddy : - You know I've had no choice. - Of course you had a choice!
Cuddy : Regulations are clear.
Foreman : And the punishment for violating those regulations,
Foreman : is it death? Hmm?
Foreman : Because frankly, I'm OK if you get a fine, a suspension...
UNK: Hell, you can spend a couple years in jail if it saves my life!
House : - You're dying too fast. - Couldn't agree more.
House : Hey, Cuddy. Having a nice visit?
Cuddy : What's that?
UNK: Legionella... Legionella pneumophilia.
Cuddy : And why are you carrying a vial of it around with you?
House : Foreman was perfectly healthy before he got this infection,
UNK: but our cop wasn't. He had Legionnaire's disease,
UNK: and our cop didn't turn into brain food until we cured the Legionella.
UNK: The Legionella slowed down the disease.
Foreman : Why would that happen?
UNK: No idea. I just know that it did.
Cuddy : So you want to infect Foreman?
House : You gonna tattle to the CDC?
Foreman : The meds can't help me, but a disease can?
Foreman : Forget it. Just take the pain away. Put me under.
House : If I put you under, I can't monitor your pain.
UNK: If I can't monitor your pain, I won't know if the Legionella's working.
Foreman : I'm not consenting to you giving me...
Foreman : - What was that? - Hmm.
House : Wish there could have been a puff of smoke or something.
House : Would have been much more dramatic.
House : Keep your slippers on.
House : Wouldn't want you to cut your foot.
Cameron : You feeling any better?
Foreman : I can't breathe. I'm dizzy and I can barely hear anything
Foreman : - over the sounds of my lungs crackling. - That's the Legionella.
UNK: Oh, you figured that out from the symptoms
UNK: or from the vial of stuff tossed in my room?
Cameron : I'm trying to be professional here, and there's no reason to be nasty.
Foreman : - I'm in pain. - So is House.
Foreman : And he's a delight.
Cameron : He doesn't try to kill his colleagues.
Cameron : You can remove the thermometer now.
Cameron : It's down almost a whole degree. How's the pain?
UNK: Great. It's the good kind.
Cameron : How bad is it compared to an hour ago?
Foreman : No worse.
UNK: Is the Legionella helping?
UNK: Yeah.
House : - Good. - But not great.
House : It didn't fix anything, it just slowed it down.
House : The whole point was to give Steve a little more time to get sick.
UNK: What are you gonna do if he never gets sick?