Foreman : - Can we do this now? - Yeah, of course.
Cameron : I accept your apology.
Wilson : Why weren't you with Foreman?
House : I hang out in the basement, you rag on me. I stay in my office, you rag on me.
House : - Honky just can't buy a break. - Do the biopsy.
House : Based on the cop's progression, I figure he's got about another four hours...
Foreman : You figure?
Wilson : You're playing Russian roulette, but the gun's pointed at him.
House : No. Cutting open his head is what's dangerous.
Wilson : Oh, it's dangerous. Well, what would people think?
Wilson : The reason you don't see patients is because if you know them,
Wilson : - you'll give a crap. - I know you.
Wilson : If you give a crap, you stop making outrageous calls.
Wilson : If this was any other patient, you'd have damned the risk
Wilson : and cut their head open a long time ago.
Cameron : He's out. The EEG shows he's still in pain.
Cameron : The antibiotics have had more than enough time.
Cameron : We're doing the brain biopsy.
House : Not unless you people can't come up with something clever
House : - in the next three hours. - Now. We're doing it now.
House : - Well, who died and made you boss? - Foreman.
Cuddy : - It's legal. - He's out of his mind.
House : Yesterday he was giggling about a hole in a guy's head.
UNK: Then hire a lawyer and challenge it. In the meantime, Cameron's in charge.
Rodney : - Why would he sign that? - It's nothing personal, Mr. Foreman.
Rodney : My son doesn't trust me. How exactly is that not personal?
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
House : You're sorry? You're talking about this man's son!
House : - You're denying him the right to be... - Oh, shut up, House.
Cuddy : If you want to do the biopsy, do the biopsy.
Cuddy : If House tries to interfere, let me know and I will take care of it.
Cameron : Yeah, you're a hero. If it wasn't for you,
Cameron : we'd be cutting into a dead guy's head instead of Foreman's.
Cameron : Sorry. Thanks.
House : - That was great! - It was rude and unnecessary.
House : - Yeah. - Go away.
House : - Give me time. - We're out of time.
Cameron : - An hour. - What does "out of time" mean?
UNK: His O2 sats are at 94 right now.
UNK: As long as they're above 90, danger of fatal arrhythmia doesn't increase.
Cameron : So what? There's no point in waiting.
House : You were right. We should be cutting into a corpse's head.
UNK: Yeah, we should be, except the CDC's got the cop's body under...
House : There's got to be other bodies.
Cameron : You think this thing has killed other people?
UNK: No.
House : That apartment was a dump. Just because Steve McQueen didn't get sick
UNK: doesn't mean some other vermin didn't. You give me an hour, I go back there,