Foreman : What do we do now?
House : Wait for Steve McQueen to get giddy.
Foreman : Excellent plan.
Foreman : Hey, Dad, it's Eric.
Foreman : I'm not doing too good.
Wilson : How's Foreman?
Wilson : - You're accessing a webcam? - Cuddy's shower.
House : Are you a fan of the Brazilian? I...
Wilson : Is that your kitchen?
House : Well, obviously I couldn't bring him here.
House : He's been exposed to whatever Foreman's got.
Wilson : You infected Steve? Why didn't you just get a rat from the pet store?
House : Because I needed one with a clean medical history.
House : Who knows what kind of antibiotics they gave those rats?
Wilson : So this is your plan, just sit here and watch your rat all day?
House : It shouldn't take long.
UNK: I've got the AC blasting, I soaked the floor of his cage.
House : As soon as he gets sick, I do an autopsy.
Wilson : As soon as he's dead.
House : Right after he gets sick, there's a good chance he'll get hit in the head
House : with a cane-shaped object.
Wilson : Normally you just use your patients as lab rats.
Wilson : It's a nice change.
House : First symptom is euphoria.
UNK: Well, how do you know if a rat's euphoric?
House : He doesn't usually climb on his water bottle like that, does he?
Mother : The seizures only seem to happen when she's in her car seat.
Mother : She starts to rock and grunt.
UNK: - Is she responsive? - No, no. It's like she's in a zone
Mother : and her abdominal muscles become dystonic.
House : Big word. Someone's been on the Interweb.
Mother : I looked up a few articles on epilepsy.
Mother : There's actually some really great youth soccer leagues
Mother : that would cater specifically to her special needs,
Mother : and I think it might explain why she's been having a hard time in preschool.
House : Well, let's confirm your diagnosis before you have her held back.
UNK: Strobing lights and high-pitched sounds can provoke a seizure.
Girl : - You're a goof. - Takes one to know one, loser.
House : Wait, that means I'm a loser. Scratch that.
House : These episodes, she gets sweaty afterwards?
Mother : Soaking wet.
UNK: And does she seem upset by them or just tired?
Mother : No. She kind of thinks it's funny.
House : You mix rocking, grunting, sweating and dystonia with concerned parents
House : and you get an amateur diagnosis of epilepsy.
House : In actuality, all your little girl is doing
UNK: is saying "yoo-hoo to the hoo-hoo."
Mother : - She's what? - Marching the penguin.
House : Ya-ya-ing the sisterhood.
House : Finding Nemo.
Girl : That was funny.
UNK: It's called "gratification disorder." Sort of a misnomer.
House : If one was unable to gratify oneself, that would be a disorder.
Mother : Are you saying she's masturbating?
House : I was trying to be discreet. There's a child in the room.
Mother : - This is horrifying. - Epilepsy is horrifying.
House : Teach your girl about privacy and she'll be fine.
UNK: - There you go. - Thank you.
Cuddy : One afternoon, and you're on pace to set the record
Cuddy : for most patients seen in a month.
House : You're upset that I'm doing clinic hours?
House : Wow, that is so like rain on your wedding day.
UNK: For the past three hours, I have been on the phone with the CDC while you are...
House : - How's that going, by the way? - They promised to expedite...
House : Tough to do an autopsy when they haven't picked up the body.
Cuddy : It's tough to treat your patient when you're not even on the same floor.
Cuddy : - Go. Clinic is covered. - I watch the meds drip into his IV,
House : that'll make the treatment work faster?
Cuddy : Go to your office, play with your ball,
UNK: write on your white board, insult your team.
UNK: Do whatever it is that you do to figure things out.
House : Feeling guilty? It's not too late to change your mind.
House : Go call the CDC, tell them you were just joshing.