Chase : We think you're suffering from boric acid exposure.
Masters : Which is causing the rash.
Masters : We need to decontaminate your skin
Masters : and hope you didn't inhale it into your lungs.
Bert : I feel like I'm...
Chase : Never seen a fever spike this fast before.
Masters : Acid exposure burns, literally, it shouldn't be causing this.
Diane : What's happening to him?
Diane : Bert? Honey, are you all right?
Masters : We have to get his fever down right now.
Masters : If it gets any higher, it could cause permanent brain damage.
Chase : We used cooling blankets to get his temperature down.
Chase : He stabilized at 102.
Masters : Problem's not boric acid. We found no traces of it on his skin.
Foreman : Infection from the murder victim's blood?
UNK: House closing The File And Throwing It On The Table : Autopsy report was negative for communicable disease.
UNK: House closing The File And Throwing It On The Table : Cause of death was an overly stabbey girlfriend.
Taub : We found Vicodin in his office.
UNK: House quickly : Give it to me.
UNK: It might look like Vicodin, but be something else.
UNK: House quickly : It's real.
UNK: Unfortunately.
UNK: Because Vicodin doesn't cause rash, fever and joint pain.
UNK: It does make Taub considerably less annoying, though.
Foreman : Maybe we're thinking too far outside the box here.
Foreman : Just because he could have picked up
Foreman : any one of a hundred exotic diseases
Foreman : from his job, doesn't mean he did.
House : Taub's life partner has a point.
UNK: We started treatment with antibiotics and he got worse.
UNK: The simple answer begins with "M," ends with a "mia."
UNK: Meningococcemia?
House : That works, too.
House : Confirm with a lumbar puncture.
House : And on the off chance we're wrong,
House : find out what else he's been lying about,
House : besides his job and his drug use.
Masters : You sure do hide a lot from your wife.
Masters : Your job, your drug use, what else?
Bert : What does it matter?
UNK: We can't help you unless you're completely honest with us.
Bert : I was doing manual labor.
Bert : If I came home barely able to move,
Bert : Diane would know something's up.
Bert : That's why I take the Vicodin, to hide the pain.
Bert : I'm not an addict.
Masters : Is that all you're hiding?
Bert : I didn't just lose my job.
UNK: I mean, that's how it started,
Bert : but I figured it'd just last a couple of months.
Bert : I maxed out our credit cards,
Bert : took a double mortgage on the house
Bert : and I sold all of our investments.
Bert : Who'd have thought the recession would last this long?
Masters : So it's Obama's fault you're lying to your wife?
Bert : Look, I screwed up,
UNK: but it's too late now.
UNK: I need you to roll over on your left side for the procedure.
Bert : Haven't you ever done something in a relationship
Bert : you wish you could take back?
UNK: Maybe. How'd you handle it?
Chase : I told the truth, eventually.
Bert : How'd that work out?
Chase : Not well.
House : I need some intel on this charity event on Friday night.
House : If I go, do I have to actually give money to charity?