House : Why wouldn't I be?
UNK: I solved my case.
Wilson : But your patient died.
UNK: House gets Up And Goes To His Desk : I didn't say in time.
UNK: House gets Up And Goes To His Desk : It happens, we can't save everyone.
Wilson : I just came to apologize.
Wilson : You're right, I am turning bitter and cynical inside.
House : You're finally putting the cat down.
House : She loves mariachi, I told you.
Wilson : Go home and change, the party's in a few hours.
Foreman : You don't have to move out,
Foreman : if you don't want to.
Foreman : I realize you might have had a point.
Foreman : I've been alone a long time,
Foreman : and I don't want to end up like House.
Taub : What you said about me and my marriage...
Foreman : I was being an ass. True.
Taub : But you were right. I needed to hear it.
Foreman : So we're good?
UNK: Diane clearly Upset : You know, I have a couple tickets to...
Foreman : Don't push it.
Masters : Taub and Foreman done? I'm hitching a ride with them.
Chase : Me, too.
Taub : You're not picking up your date?
UNK: No, going solo.
Chase : All those meaningless relationships tend to wear a guy out after a while.
Foreman : We've got 15 minutes to get there
UNK: if we want to see the board freak
Foreman : when House's mariachi band marches in.
House : All of them are gone, Wilson.
House : They're all dead, because I'm screwed up.
Wilson : You lost one patient, and it wasn't your fault.
House : What about that mom who gave her baby cancer?
House : If I'd figured that one out quicker, she'd still be a mom, alive.
Wilson : She refused treatment when it was offered.
Wilson : How is that your fault?
UNK: Then there was that guy I spent a day trapped in isolation with.
UNK: I was five feet away the whole time.
House : Just watched him die, like an idiot.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : You've lost patients before,
Wilson : and you'll lose patients again.
House : Exactly. Why?
House : Because love and happiness are
House : nothing but distractions.
House : The only thing my relationship with Cuddy
House : has done for me is make me a worse doctor.
UNK: Wilson with An Incredulous Laugh : Right, the great Dr. House doesn't deserve to be happy.
UNK: Wilson with An Incredulous Laugh : You know it's not true.
House : My happiness is being paid for with other people's lives.
House : How is she?
Wilson : She's worried. She's upset that you didn't show up tonight.
UNK: I got to tell her the truth, Wilson.
Wilson : First... First, you're not driving anywhere.
Wilson : And second,
Wilson : you're definitely not talking to Cuddy like this.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Then I'm gonna walk.
House : We really, really need to talk.
UNK: You're drunk and you screwed up big time.
Wilson : Go home!
Cuddy : You completely disappeared on me.
Cuddy : You wouldn't even answer your cell phone.
UNK: House standing In The Middle Of The Room : You're gonna want to sit down for this.
UNK: House standing In The Middle Of The Room : Go ahead. Sit, sit, sit, sit, sit.
UNK: House standing In The Middle Of The Room : I've made a decision.
UNK: House standing In The Middle Of The Room : Being happy and being in love with you
UNK: House standing In The Middle Of The Room : makes me a crappy doctor.
House : Shut up!
Cuddy : You're too drunk to end this relationship.
UNK: I am drunk, but I'm also right.
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : You have made me a worse doctor,
UNK: and people are going to die because of that.
UNK: And
UNK: you
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : are totally worth it.
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : If I had to choose between
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : saving everyone
UNK: or loving you, being happy,
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : I choose you.
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : I choose being happy with you.
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : I will always choose you.
UNK: House slowly, Seriously : My head's on your vagina.
UNK: Cuddy she Looks Worried And Put Her Hand On His Back. : Go to sleep, House.
UNK: Yeah, I am kind of tired.