House : I'm going.
UNK: I just don't want it to suck.
House : There has to be a way to make this fun.
Wilson : Show up and behave. Problem solved.
House : Your problem solved.
House : Don't you think she deserves more than a plaque
House : and a round of applause for 15 years of running this dump?
Wilson : It's a watch, not a plaque.
House : It's a cliché.
House : I want to make things more exciting.
House : Something she'll remember for more than 10 minutes.
Wilson : Okay. By fun and exciting, you mean screwing this up for Cuddy
Wilson : so she won't even dream of asking you to go to one again.
UNK: House faking Wounded Feelings : You really can't stand seeing me happy, can you?
Masters : Gram stains are negative in the first CSF samples.
Foreman : One down, three to go.
Taub : I'm starving. You want to get a bite...
Foreman : Already have plans.
Taub : A date?
Foreman : What difference does it make?
Foreman : We're roommates, not a married couple.
Foreman : We don't have to eat every night together.
Taub : So you're saying it's a date?
Foreman : Yeah, it's a date.
Masters : I don't have plans.
Chase : Ooh. Shocking.
Masters : Are you mad because I picked you?
Masters : You're stuck actually doing your job?
Chase : A little hazing never hurt a med student.
Masters : I doubt it ever helped either.
Masters : I'm sorry that I think our patient
Masters : shouldn't be lying to his wife.
Masters : I'm a woman, I guess I just have a different perspective.
Chase : You're sharing this unique insight that women don't like lying?
Masters : No, I'm sharing my unique insight that you don't respect women.
Masters : You sleep with a different one every few days.
Masters : Or maybe you find meaning in meaningless relationships?
Chase : At least I have relationships.
Foreman : I'm seeing a high lymphocyte count in the CSF sample.
Taub : And that couldn't wait until they finished mocking each other?
Taub : Means it's not meningococcemia.
Diane : He's getting worse. He can barely move his legs.
Bert : - I can't feel them. - I can't feel my feet!
Diane : What is it?
Diane : What is happening to him?
UNK: Luckily, he didn't lose his feet.
Chase : We were able to restore his circulation
Chase : before any serious damage set in.
Taub : It's not meningococcemia. CSF was negative for bacteria.
Foreman : But high on lymphocytes. It's some kind of viral infection.
Masters : Serum sickness fits everything.
Chase : There'd have to be a cause, some drug he's been exposed to.
Masters : In rare cases, a tick or spider bite could set it off.
House : Show of hands.
House : Who's going to this charity thing Friday night?
Chase : Already got a date.
UNK: Cuddy's getting an award.
House : I think we should all be there, show our support.
Foreman : I assume you're planning on screwing it up,
Foreman : so you want to maximize the witnesses.
House : Why does everyone go to that?
UNK: Experience.
UNK: Shut up. How about go or work the clinic all weekend?
House : I hear it's Genital Herpes Awareness Month.
UNK: Serum sickness fits.
House : Take him off the antibiotics, start him on corticosteroids.
House : If we're right, he'll be better by morning.
Taub : Canceled date, huh?
Foreman : You're bugging my cell phone?
Taub : No, I just noticed you're not wearing it.
UNK: What?
UNK: Taub retrieving A Shirt From Foreman's Locker : Your first-date shirt.
UNK: You're tracking my wardrobe?
Taub : I'm just observant.
UNK: It's why I'm good at my job.
Foreman : It's also the reason you're starting to annoy the crap out of me.
Taub : Forgive me for trying to connect a little with my roommate.
Taub : I just found out that Rachel is now officially more than just emotional