Chase : Just wanted to watch.
Masters : Do you even like me?
UNK: Why?
Masters : I put making friends and having relationships on hold
Masters : so I could concentrate on studying.
Masters : I always thought there'll be plenty of time for that in the future.
Masters : But now, when I do want them...
Masters : I can't even get a date to this charity event.
Masters : If I can't establish relationships in my personal life,
Masters : how will I ever do it with a patient?
Chase : Be honest with her.
Chase : But if it comes down to a choice
Chase : between the brutal truth and hope,
Chase : side with hope.
Taub : He's in a coma.
Masters : We think it's a brain tumor. We need your permission to start treatment.
Masters : Due to his current condition, the risk factor...
Diane : You mean it could kill him?
Masters : It's possible,
Masters : but there is still hope.
Diane : Can he hear me?
UNK: They say that people in comas can still do that.
Masters : Sometimes, but your husband's hearing
Masters : is fine.
Diane : I didn't mean any of those awful things I said.
Bert : I'm so sorry.
Diane : I love you, Bert.
Diane : I've always loved you.
Diane : I also kept a secret from you.
UNK: I was going to tell you at the restaurant,
Diane : but you got sick.
UNK: Then I wanted to wait until you felt better.
Diane : I'm pregnant, sweetheart.
UNK: You're going to be a daddy.
House : Why rash again?
House : It went away, it needs a reason to come back.
House : We know it's not an allergic reaction
House : so we must have done something to set it off again.
UNK: What? We put him on dialysis?
Foreman : Moved him to the ICU?
Masters : We also did a partial MRI.
Chase : Two hours before the rash came back. They're not connected.
House : What was he doing two hours before he broke out the first time?
Foreman : Cleaning a crime scene.
UNK: A crime scene and an MRI.
Chase : Still not seeing the connection.
House : We've been missing connections this entire case.
House : Did he say anything? Did he show any signs of stress in the MRI room?
Masters : He said he was cold, but it's always freezing in there.
UNK: Cold then rash.
Taub : Cold urticaria causes rash,
Taub : but it's almost instantaneous, not time delayed.
Foreman : And it wouldn't explain his other symptoms.
UNK: House he Has His Epiphany Face : That's what we did.
UNK: House he Has His Epiphany Face : We made him cold.
UNK: CAPS.
UNK: A genetic disorder caused by a mutation
UNK: House he Has His Epiphany Face : in the cold-induced auto-inflammatory syndrome 1 gene.
Foreman : Muckle-Wells syndrome?
UNK: There's only been a couple of thousand documented cases in the US.
House : Well, now there's a couple thousand and one.
House : Fits every symptom there.
House : We're idiots for not seeing it before.
House : Treat with rilonacept.
House : He'll live a long and healthy life
House : filled with lies to his wife and future child.