Cuddy : Wilson just told me we're going on a double date with him and Sam tonight.
House : You don't like double dates?
Cuddy : I'd just like if you'd ask me first.
House : You don't like surprises?
Cuddy : Is this Alice's book?
House : Sam reprogrammed the MRI to read Alice's typewriter ribbon.
UNK: You used a $3 million piece of hospital equipment
Cuddy : so you could read a novel?
House : Cool, right?
Cuddy : Well, as your girlfriend, I'm impressed. As your boss,
Cuddy : you're a jackass. Don't do it again.
House : As your boyfriend, I thank you.
House : As your employee, I resent you because I need this for my case.
Cuddy : As your boss, you just got six more clinic hours next week.
Cuddy : So, what's the plan for tonight?
House : Whatever you want.
Cuddy : I don't care. Just pick something we both enjoy.
UNK: Yeah? What would that be exactly?
Cuddy : I don't know, you know what I like.
Cuddy : I got to get back to work.
Chase : Found something. It's not a tumor.
Chase : Whatever it is, it's encased around her heart.
House : She has a pericardial effusion.
Taub : Which wasn't there last night when we did the PET scan.
UNK: Means she's getting worse, and there's no sign of a pheochromocytoma.
Foreman : Seizures, sweating, rapid blood pressure
Foreman : and an effusion point to something viral.
Chase : Or maybe a cancer.
Foreman : We could use your opinion, House. Or at least your attention.
House : Jack Cannon is not dead.
House : It's worse.
House : Ten books leading up to a final confrontation.
House : She ends it on a cliffhanger. I mean, who does that?
Taub : People who want to sell you the 11th.
House : She was gonna kill herself.
House : Who's his father? Who killed his brother?
House : How'd he get that damn scar on his cheek?
House : And why is he obsessed with yo-yos?
Chase : Is there anything in it that pertains to our case?
House : Yeah. I know why she wanted to kill herself.
House : His mentor, Helen Rutherford, has contracted a mysterious illness
House : which consists ofjoint pain, fatigue,
House : sensitivity to light and depression.
Foreman : How do we know this mentor character is really Alice?
House : Helen dies halfway through the book.
House : Shoots herself in the head to save Jack from having to care for her.
Taub : If we add those to the symptoms we've seen and the pericardial effusion?
Taub : It's lupus.
UNK: It can't be lupus.
Chase : Why not?
House : It isn't curable.
Foreman : That's not an answer. It's treatable.
Foreman : We'll start testing to see which drugs she best responds to.
House : We're not gonna be able to take her pain away.
House : She's still gonna kill herself as soon as she gets released tomorrow.
Chase : We're treating a patient, not a book.
House : Retest to confirm.
UNK: Go-karts? Really?
House : Your mom said you loved go-karts.
Cuddy : You called my mother?
Cuddy : I loved them when I was 12.
Sam : This is so cool! I haven't done this since I was 12!
Sam : Winner picks the restaurant.
Wilson : I have a very bad feeling about this.
UNK: Fun Stop Attendant : Are we ready, racers?
UNK: Fun Stop Attendant : On your marks, get set, and go away.
Wilson : Hey. Watch it.
House : You having fun?
Cuddy : You know who wins these races?
Cuddy : The person who weighs less.
Wilson : My parents never let me drive one of these.
Sam : Yeah, I can tell!
Wilson : Oh, my God!
UNK: Whoa!