House : How many of these does she eat a day?
Christina : Two for lunch. Sometimes three.
Foreman : Still no seizure activity. It's your turn...
Taub : What the hell?
Foreman : Close. House.
Foreman : She's fine. Both the EEG and all her vitals have been...
Alice : You. What do you want?
House : You wet the bed.
UNK: I'm just not sure how yet.
Chase : Good morning, gentlemen.
Chase : Well, if it's any consolation, I didn't get any sleep either.
Chase : Unilateral hyperhidrosis. Interesting.
Taub : She also admitted she tried to kill herself, but won't tell us why.
Foreman : House searched her home,
Foreman : found she's been eating two cans of tuna a day for years.
Chase : Mercury poisoning?
House : Explains the seizures, hand and back pain, also the depression.
Foreman : Explains everything except the fact that it's not.
Foreman : We got her urine and blood samples back. They're normal.
Chase : If it's low level, it might not show up in a spot check.
UNK: We'd need to run continuous testing to find it.
Taub : We can't. She wants a female doctor.
Foreman : She only asked for a woman to waste time.
Foreman : She's cooperating just enough to get through the psych hold.
House : Put some lipstick on Chase and start chelation therapy.
House : Confirm with another urine test.
House : Okay, I'll go talk to Cuddy.
House : Maybe she'll let us borrow a dress, too.
Cuddy : This would be me ignoring you.
Cuddy : What if we got arrested last night?
Cuddy : And whatever happened to keeping our professional and personal lives separate?
House : I'm not the one talking about our relationship at work.
Cuddy : What's behind your back?
House : Peace penguin.
Cuddy : What room should I return it to?
UNK: 243.
House : I need some help with Alice Tanner. She wants a vagina.
Cuddy : I'm pretty attached to mine.
Cuddy : I told you to hire a temporary replacement for Thirteen two weeks ago.
House : I've been busy.
Cuddy : Doing what? You.
House : So you'll talk her out of it?
Cuddy : You'll hire a woman doctor?
Sam : Do you think we just sit around
House : talking sports and belching and farting
UNK: when chicks aren't around?
House : - By when? - Next week.
House : Next week it is.
Alice : What makes you think it's mercury?
Cuddy : Your symptoms.
Cuddy : I can perform the procedure myself if you still prefer a woman doctor.
Cuddy : But the team you have is our best.
Alice : That's an interesting perfume you're wearing.
Cuddy : It was a gift.
Alice : From Dr. House?
Alice : It was all over him last night.
Cuddy : If you'd prefer another female doctor, I can arrange that as well.
Alice : I also smelled it somewhere else more recently.
Alice : Faint, but unmistakable.