UNK: He called us back to work because a lady might have had a seizure.
House : A seizure while trying to commit suicide.
Foreman : So send her for a psych eval. What's that got to do with us?
House : What is the matter with you people?
House : We're talking about a human being who's suffering.
House : You're right, that's not enough.
UNK: Beloved by millions around the world.
Chase : By girls between 10 and 14.
House : Look, the point is, if she kills herself,
House : millions of fans, of all ages and genders, will be very disappointed.
Foreman : So we're taking this case 'cause you're a fan?
House : No, that would be crazy and unprofessional.
House : You're taking this case 'cause I said so.
House : You and Taub do a full workup, observe her overnight.
House : See if she has another seizure. You can go.
Taub : Why does he get the night off?
House : Because he brought a smoking hot babe.
Taub : I have plans with my wife.
House : Yeah, nice try.
House : You hate your personal life. And you obviously don't have one.
UNK: Hey.
House : I'd stay myself, but I just bought the flowers, so...
UNK: Reservation for Dominica isn't until 8 : 00. So we got plenty of time.
UNK: You need to pick something up from a haunted house?
House : This is a gothic revival masterpiece.
House : I hope one day to live in a house like this.
Cuddy : Your friend's a writer?
House : One of the best.
House : She wants me to read her latest manuscript.
UNK: "Alice Tanner. " Why does that name sound familiar?
House : I gave you a couple of her books a few years ago.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : She's the woman you put on the psych hold.
Cuddy : This isn't a date. We're on a case.
House : Ever hear of multitasking?
Cuddy : Did you steal her keys?
UNK: You think I'd take the Dean of Medicine on a B and E?
Christina : How did you get in here?
House : Well, I guess you have your answer.
Foreman : When was your last physical?
Alice : A while ago. I don't like doctors.
Taub : Any history of seizures before today?
Alice : Not that I recall. Are we almost done? I'm tired.
Foreman : The exam would go faster if you would cooperate with us.
House : I am.
Taub : You're evading every question we ask.
Alice : Why do you say that?
UNK: That.
Alice : I didn't ask for help.
Taub : Committing a suicidal gesture says otherwise.
Alice : It wasn't a gesture.
Alice : I had the damn seizure before I could get the gun in my mouth.
Foreman : You want to tell us why?
Alice : You want to know my life story, my secret inner pain?
Alice : Maybe if I just open up a little, you'll be able to save me?
Taub : We're just trying to help you.
Alice : Thank you.
Alice : I want a woman doctor.
Taub : And back to being evasive.
Alice : It's my right as a patient. So, please, get out now.
Cuddy : We need to observe you overnight.
Alice : You really think I'm stupid enough
Alice : to try and kill myself in a hospital?
Foreman : To see if you have another seizure.
Foreman : We'll be up there and we won't disturb you
Foreman : unless there's a problem. That work for you?
Alice : Whatever it takes to get you out of here.
Cuddy : House, Christina has agreed to not call the police.
House : She's probably illegal.
House : Same reason she didn't report the suicide attempt.
UNK: I called 911, but when Miss Tanner woke up,
UNK: she said she would fire me if I say anything about the gun.
House : And if she whacks herself, what happens to your job?
Christina : I think she's a very depressed person.
Christina : Never goes out, doesn't have friends.
Christina : She has all this money, but all she does is write.
House : I need to see her latest manuscript.
Christina : She always locks up her writing in there.
Cuddy : Has she ever complained about physical pain or stress?
Christina : Yes. Her back and her hands hurt a lot.
House : A writer with back and hand pain. That's very helpful. Let's go.
Christina : Sometimes I hear her cry at night
Christina : when she thinks nobody is listening.
Christina : I should have done something.
UNK: True.
Jack : What are you doing?
House : Before there were hard drives, there were...