House : When her BP spiked.
Chase : Comparing Taub to her ex-husband. She really hated the guy.
UNK: And her first symptom was when she had a gun to her head.
UNK: Excess adrenaline would explain the seizures and skyrocketing BP.
Taub : A pheochromocytoma.
House : Get an MRI and find it.
House : Would you hold this?
House : I meant now.
Alice : Have I mentioned I'm claustrophobic?
Taub : Have I mentioned we don't care?
Chase : What's wrong? Nothing, just a leg cramp.
Foreman : Get her out of here! She's got metal in her leg!
Foreman : She has three screws in her right leg
Foreman : from a skiing accident she didn't tell us about.
UNK: The MRI's magnetic field superheated the metal, causing third-degree burns.
Foreman : Skin ruptured from internal heat pressure here.
Taub : It's not our fault.
Taub : She signed the consent forms. Denied there was any metal in...
UNK: Normally I'd say it, but maybe this way it'll finally sink in.
House : She wants to die. We cannot trust anything she says.
Foreman : Treating the soft tissue injuries in her leg cost us most of the day.
Foreman : We also had to replace the screws.
Chase : And finding a pheochromocytoma without using the MRI could take us a week.
Taub : Longer if she doesn't stop lying to us.
Taub : Or we could figure out a way to find it in the 39 hours left on her psych hold.
House : We need to make her cooperate. We need to offer her something she wants.
House : She wants to kill herself, House.
House : I can work with that.
House : I want you to write more books.
Alice : I'm done writing Jack Cannon's adventures.
Alice : And when I get out of here, I'll just be done.
House : Now don't you say that, you dirty birdie.
House : You know, there are easier ways to go
House : than shooting yourself in the head or tearing apart a limb.
House : And this is one of them.
House : The best part? You'll feel so good,
House : you won't even notice you're dead.
Alice : You expect me to believe you're going to help me kill myself?
House : You are the perceptive one. You tell me.
UNK: Why?
House : We can't find your tumor in time without your cooperation.
House : So I'm giving you a choice.
House : Give us a chance to make you better
House : or stick this anywhere and push.
Alice : Why do you care about me?
Alice : You think you know me because you read my books?
House : No. I know pain.
House : You think you can handle it, and then one day you can't.
UNK: And when that happens, you either find reasons to go on or you don't.
UNK: I'm...
Alice : I'm all out of reasons.
UNK: Now.
UNK: When you're pain-free, you're gonna wanna live and start writing again.
UNK: And if I'm wrong, you got a backup plan to take home with you.
UNK: Okay.
House : Good choice.
House : If I were you, I'd hide that if you want to keep it.
Alice : I know the perfect place.