Alice : You should have worn a different cardigan this morning, Christina.
Alice : Something you'd like to tell me, dear?
Christina : When I found you yesterday, I thought I was too late.
Christina : I talked to them so I could help you get better.
Christina : I just don't want to see you suffer anymore.
Alice : That won't be a problem.
Alice : You're fired.
Cuddy : This woman cares about you. If it weren't for her...
Alice : I wouldn't be here now, would I?
Alice : I should have done it yesterday.
Cuddy : I understand that you're in pain,
Cuddy : but lashing out isn't the answer.
Cuddy : Treatment is.
Alice : I agree.
Alice : Send the men back.
Alice : At least they're not a bunch of dewy-eyed cry babies.
Foreman : What's that?
UNK: Suggestions?
Wilson : Yeah. Stop. It can't be done.
House : People wonder why you never cured cancer.
Wilson : Did you get this before or after your date with Cuddy?
UNK: Yeah, probably would have been a wiser choice. Huh.
Wilson : This is actually good, House.
Wilson : She's committing crimes. What does that tell you?
House : I'm a horrible influence.
Wilson : True. A horrible influence she's reaching out to.
Wilson : She's looking for ways to connect.
Wilson : Sure, they're self-destructive, juvenile and insane,
Wilson : but so are you.
Wilson : You do have something in common.
Wilson : You're both trying to find things you have in common.
House : And not finding them.
Jack : You don't look so hot. You want to talk about it?
Alice : Those days are over.
Chase : Who are you talking to?
UNK: Myself.
Taub : If you're seeing things, it could be another symptom.
Foreman : It's not.
Alice : It's only in my imagination. I make things up for a living.
Chase : And talking to them?
Alice : It's a writer thing.
Alice : We're also good at reading people.
Alice : Like you, for instance.
Alice : Recently divorced.
Alice : You slept with a girl last night, her place, not yours.
Alice : You probably won't return her calls.
UNK: That...
UNK: How?
Alice : The tan line from your former wedding ring.
Alice : You stink of smoke, but no yellow on your fingers or teeth
Alice : means she's the smoker and you either didn't shower or change.
Alice : Either way, her place.
Chase : Do him.
Taub : We're wasting time, which is her main goal here.
UNK: I need your arm for this.
Alice : You remind me of my ex-husband.
Alice : A cute man, but problems in the bedroom department.
Taub : Not even close.
Alice : The ones I caught him in.
Alice : He cheated on me every chance he could.
Alice : The first time with my best friend. The second...
UNK: Bastard.
UNK: BP and heart rate are spiking.
Chase : Must be an allergic reaction to the chelation agent.
Taub : I didn't give it to her yet.
Chase : Pain, seizures, hyperhidrosis,
Chase : and sudden onset of radically high blood pressure.
UNK: The continuous blood and urine tests came back.
Foreman : It's definitely not mercury poisoning. They're clean.
UNK: Could be haemolytic uremic syndrome.
Foreman : It's not. There weren't any blood or protein markers in her urine either.
Taub : - We also caught her talking to herself. - She could be delusional.
Foreman : She's a writer and a recluse.
Foreman : I'd be more surprised if she didn't talk to herself.
UNK: You done playing with your ribbon?
House : What was she doing when it happened?
Chase : Sitting in bed.
Chase : She claims it was only in her imagination, but still.