UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: Kids, after Uncle Marshall lost his father,
UNK: he stayed home a while to take care of his mother.
UNK: But the longer he stayed there, the more it was like he had never left Minnesota.
Marshall : Eriksen residence, Marshall speaking.
UNK: Robin, laughing : That is too cute. Say it again.
Marshall : It's called manners, jerk.
UNK: Now, what's going on in New York? Give me something.
Robin : There is one thing that's been going on.
Robin : It's about Ted... and Zoey.
UNK: Kids, as you remember, Zoey and I met beacause she was trying
UNK: to save an old building from being torn down
UNK: and replaced by a new building I'd been hired to design.
UNK: And yet somehow, despite this, we had all managed to become friends.
UNK: Which brings us to the night Aunt Robin decided to cook dinner.
Robin : I thought the oven was Celsius.
Ted : It's okay.
Ted : We got hot dogs.
Lily : Yeah, and it's not like you can screw up a hot dog.
Lily : This is so good.
Lily : I'm gonna finish it in the bathroom.
Zoey : - Could someone pass the ketchup? - I hope I can pass this hot dog.
Ted : Looks like someone's going out to get ketchup.
Zoey : - Come on, man, I brought the wine. - Which is all gone.
Zoey : I tell you what, you get this one bottle, I'll get the next three.
Ted : - Tell you what, no dice. - I'll get the next hundred.
Ted : - You're not getting out of this. - A date with my hot cousin?
Ted : I'll get the ketchup.
UNK: www.sous-titres.eu
Marshall : I just want you to know, it's either this story you're telling me
Marshall : or another game of Clue against myself, so make it good.
Robin : It's good.
Robin : You see, after that night, none of us heard from Zoey for a while.
UNK: Finally, Ted called her up.
Ted : So are we ever gonna see you again?
Ted : Because, if I recall correctly, you owe me a date with your hot cousin.
Zoey : You still want to do that?
Ted : And we miss you.
Ted : But the cousin thing mostly. Let's get that going.
Zoey : Don't worry, Ted, she's cute.
UNK: Barney, coughing : "Cute" means "fat".
Zoey : She's not fat.
UNK: Barney, coughing : "Not fat" means "ugly".
Zoey : Here she is.
UNK: Barney, coughing : I take back everything I said. That girl is extremely attractive.
Zoey : Ted, this is my cousin...
UNK: Kids, to be honest, I don't quite remember this girl's name.
UNK: None of us do, because as this story has been told and retold,
UNK: we've always just referred to her as...
Honey : Honey.
Ted : Hi, Honey, I'm Ted.
UNK: And here's why.
Robin : She is a lovely person...
Robin : warm, intelligent, just kind of gullible.
Robin : It's like, every word out of her mouth makes you want to be like,
Robin : "Oh, honey."
Marshall : Interesting. Show your work.
Honey : My apartment building is so safe.
Honey : My landlord, he even installed a security camera in my shower.
Robin : Oh, honey.
Honey : Maybe I should feel weird about giving a stranger my Social Security number,
Honey : but the guy's a Nigerian prince.
Robin : Oh, honey.
Honey : I just had a great TV audition.
Honey : Behind the KFC where the executive producer works on the weekends.
Robin : Oh, honey.
Honey : Long story short,
UNK: I'm gonna be on Lost.
Robin : Oh, honey.
Robin : I know.
UNK: You just wanna wrap her up in a blanket and give her a cup of tea.
Robin : She's, like, this little lost lamb
Robin : who needs to be protected from the wolves.
Robin : Speaking of whom...
UNK: Yeah, I always get those e-mails from Michelle Obama
Honey : and sometimes Obama himself.
Robin : Oh, honey.
UNK: So the night went on, and eventually everyone went home,
UNK: except for Ted and Honey.
Honey : An architect. How fascinating.