Barney : Why do they call 'em coasters?
UNK: And Barney.
Honey : Time to go home.
Barney : Ted, a word.
Barney : God, I hate these situations.
Barney : What are we gonna do about this?
Ted : What are you talking about?
Barney : Come on, Ted, it's obvious. Honey's vibing on me.
Ted : What?
Barney : It's called body language.
Barney : Remember when she was touching your arm and leaning in real close?
Barney : Well, while that was happening,
Barney : the straw in her drink
Barney : was pointed right at me.
Barney : I mean...
Barney : that's as clear as a signal gets, so...
Barney : I'm so sorry, man.
Ted : You're right.
Ted : She's all yours, buddy.
Ted : I'd say hump her brains out, but someone obviously already has.
UNK: Good for you.
Robin : Ted Mosby does not take advantage of poor, helpless honeys.
Ted : Yeah, actually, there's another reason that I didn't go home with her.
Judy : He's gay!
Marshall : Hang up!
Judy : I'm sorry.
Zoey : Go on.
Ted : Yeah, actually, there's another reason that I didn't go home with her.
Ted : I'm in love with Zoey.
Barney : Sorry.
Marshall : Ted's in love with Zoey?
Marshall : But, but she's married. That boy needs an intervention.
Robin : Funny you should say that.
Barney : Does anyone know why we're here?
Lily : Who called this intervention?
Ted : I did. It's for me.
Ted : This is about the coffee breath. Finally.
Robin : It's the shoulder hair.
Barney : Just let the man explain how it's all about his wearing a lady's watch.
Ted : It's because I'm in love with Zoey,
Ted : and she's married, so it needs to stop, and...
Ted : intervene.
Lily : Are you sure it's love?
Ted : Remember the ketchup bottle?
UNK: She wasn't the one who dropped it.
UNK: When she reached for it, our fingers touched, and...
Ted : I knew, right in that moment, this isn't friendship.
Ted : This is love.
Marshall : Wuss.
Marshall : This is a private conversation!
Marshall : So what'd the wuss do next?
Ted : This is love.
UNK: And this was my grandmother's watch.
UNK: Anyway, now I have only one course of action in front of me.
UNK: I have to end my friendship with Zoey.
Robin : - Isn't that a little harsh? - Harsh?
Lily : A single guy and a married woman cannot be friends if one loves the other.
Robin : Yeah, but Zoey is friends with us now, too. It's not like
Robin : Ted can just ghost out on her.
Robin : - She'll always be around. - What am I supposed to do?
Robin : Just shut it down. Okay, just ignore your feelings.
Robin : If she asks you for ketchup, tell her to get it her own damn self.
Robin : Look, I like Zoey.
Robin : Without her, my dinner party wouldn't have been such a success.
Robin : So those feelings of yours... shut 'em down.
Ted : Fine.
Ted : I'll shut 'em down.
Lily : And seriously, mouthwash after coffee.
Marshall : That's my other line.
Marshall : - It's not a number I recognize. - So don't answer it.
UNK: Robin, with a Minnesotan accent : You are so Minnesota.
UNK: Robin, with a Minnesotan accent : You can't not answer the phone because it would be rude.
Marshall : It would be. Good-bye.
Marshall : Eriksen residence, Marshall speaking.
Marshall : - What number is this? - I'm up on burners, playa.