UNK: Good.
Thirteen : It's clumped. House was right, ice bath's on.
UNK: You got a sec?
Chase : Don't be an idiot.
Cameron : You come to procedures now?
House : Only the ones that might involve stopping the patient's heart.
Taub : Cameron tell you to be here?
House : Shut up.
Sarah : yet he had a tactile fascination with newspaper.
Sarah : I mean, he wouldn't read it, he would just touch it, crinkle it.
Sarah : I thought maybe that was a way in. Papier-mâché and...
Sarah : And it was. He let me into his world.
House : Please tell her that talking will ruin the test.
Sarah : All the kids, I try to become a part of them, and have them become a part of me.
UNK: How much longer until the heart attack?
House : Now they're both talking.
Sarah : I was supposed to observe a class. I was sent to room 214,
Sarah : but I went to room 241 instead.
Sarah : It was a special ed class. And I just...
Sarah : I just felt at home.
Thirteen : Time. Heart rate's normal.
Kutner : You can get out now.
Taub : It's not cold agglutinins.
House : I'm not surprised.
House : She obviously has brain damage.
UNK: Seriously.
Taub : She screwed up a room number six years ago,
Taub : and you decide she has brain damage?
House : Transposed digits.
House : Classic marker for number confusion.
UNK: It means she has a lesion in her left parahippocampal region.
Kutner : I misdialed a phone number this morning. It must be contagious.
House : She also forgot to pee before your fake test.
Kutner : So she has a small bladder.
House : Shows an inability to predict the future.
Thirteen : Also located in the left hemisphere of the brain.
Thirteen : Close to the parahippocampal region.
House : Means the damage is ongoing.
Taub : Two subtle clues, six years apart,
Taub : that's hardly compelling evidence.
House : I'm compelled.
Foreman : That's not what this is. Every time a decent person comes in,
Foreman : you set out to prove that they have brain damage.
House : I never said her deranged personality was a symptom.
Foreman : You don't need to. I've been here five years.
Foreman : I can hear your thoughts from my apartment.
House : Can you hear me now?
UNK: Move on to another organ.
Sarah : I did.
UNK: The screwed-up numbers and forgetting to pee points to her being a human being.
Kutner : The platelet dysfunction and cardiac arrest points to a pancreatic tumor.
House : Or Multiple Sclerosis.
House : The brain is like the Internet,
House : packets of information constantly flowing from one area to another.
House : Plaques in her brain are like a bad server, slow down the flow.
House : If it's in the parahippocampus, it'll spread to the brain stem,
House : which means it'll be the lungs next.
House : Brain biopsy will show you the plaques.
Kutner : Or we could not cut into her brain.
Kutner : It's just her pancreas. We should do an ERCP.
UNK: Or we could settle this with rock, paper, scissors,
House : but, unfortunately, there are people who adjudicate these disputes.
Kutner : A pancreatic tumor is much more likely to kill her.
House : Not this week, not next week, not next month.
Kutner : The number confusion was six years ago.
Kutner : You don't think we have time for an ERCP?
House : The heart attack was six hours ago.
House : Now, maybe, it's planning to go into hiding for a couple of years
House : or maybe it's gonna hit her lungs.
UNK: Stop!
Cameron : We have to assume it's the brain.
House : I'll go fire up the biopsy drill.
House : No. We have to assume it's the brain until we prove otherwise.
Cameron : Do an MRI, T-2 images.
Chase : You want me to do another test?
Cameron : You should be able to see the MS plaques.
Cameron : If they exist, you can do your biopsy.
UNK: No.
UNK: You want to say yes, you know you should say yes.
House : But you also think that this job is about standing up to me.
House : So you're not gonna say yes, you're not gonna say no. You're just gonna waste time.
House : And the patient's brain or pancreas, or whatever is wrong with her,
House : is not gonna wait for you to impress your boss.
House : So, pick one, either him or me.
Cameron : Do the MRI.
Wilson : You still here?
Wilson : The whole point of giving Cameron the job was so you could...