Foreman : I don't want to go home.
Cuddy : House told me I should give her back.
Cuddy : Instead of being offended, I've been wondering if he's right.
Wilson : He's not. He never is,
Wilson : not when it's anything personal or human or...
Cuddy : No. He's always cold, he's always an ass, but he's very rarely just wrong.
Cuddy : I've read every bonding and attachment book there is.
Cuddy : I feel like I'm in prison at home. I feel like I'm free here.
Wilson : Parents make sacrifices.
Cuddy : I don't know if I want to.
Cuddy : I'm not proud of this. I feel terrible.
Cuddy : I feel like a failure.
Cuddy : But she deserves to be loved.
Cuddy : I don't know what to say.
Foreman : No plaques on the left hemisphere.
Taub : Or the right.
Kutner : Even magnified images of her hippocampal region. Nothing.
House : This is surprising.
Kutner : So, can we cancel the biopsy?
UNK: Go ahead with ERCP.
Foreman : I need to talk to you about Remy.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Thirteen.
House : What did you call her?
Foreman : She's on placebo.
House : And you want to change that?
House : I'm the last person you'd ever come to for ethical advice, literally,
House : which means you've already asked every other person,
UNK: and no one's giving you the answer you want.
Foreman : Or I respect your opinion, and I want to hear what comes to your mind.
House : She invited any of her lesbian friends into bed with you?
Foreman : I was mistaken.
House : Drug gonna cure her?
Foreman : It looks promising, reducing symptoms.
House : No cure then.
House : So, the pros are you might delay the onset of symptoms,
House : give her an extra year, maybe three. She's still dead before you're 45.
House : The question is,
House : are those few years worth risking the rest of your life in medicine?
UNK: No.
House : There. That wasn't so hard, was it?
Cuddy : Thank you.
House : You're welcome.
House : Unless you love her.
House : If you love her, then you do stupid things.
Kutner : Common bile duct is clear.
Taub : No filling defects in the biliary tree.
Kutner : Oh, God. What?
Kutner : It's her lungs. House was right. O2 sats down to 89.
UNK: Increasing to 100% O2.
Thirteen : Better get out.
Kutner : Do we have to tell him?
Foreman : The patient's breathing on her own, but she's still pretty weak.
House : Lung failure proves that one of us was right.
House : Who said "brain"?
Kutner : Yes, you predicted that her lungs would fail, but the MRI was negative for MS.
House : I was right about the where, but not the what.
House : A picornavirus could cause localized demyelination
House : that the MRI wouldn't pick up.
House : If we run a nerve conduction study on the surface of her brain,
House : we'll see the dead spots.
UNK: You're talking about cutting into her skull?
House : Actually, I'm talking about cutting off her skull, exposing her brain.
Kutner : A pancreatic tumor could still fit.
Kutner : It explains the heart, the blood and her lungs.
Thirteen : ERCP was negative.
House : And she agrees with me because she agrees with me. Right, sweetie?
Kutner : All we need is a more sensitive test. Endoscopic ultrasound.
House : Just accept that you've been proven wrong.
Kutner : You were also proven wrong. Why don't I get a second test?
House : Because if I'm right about the brain,
House : then we don't have time to indulge your wrongness.
Kutner : Let me know when Cameron says yes to cutting off our patient's skull.
Kutner : I'll be doing the endoscopic ultrasound.