Cameron : You gonna pay for that?
House : Nice of you to offer.
House : Now I can actually get some cream cheese.
Cameron : 29-year-old teacher, she works with special needs children. She...
UNK: I love what you're wearing. It brings out the blue of the case file.
House : Which means it's not from the ER. So why are you here?
Cameron : Because Dr. Cuddy is not here.
Cameron : She's decided to spend some more time at home with the baby for a while.
Cameron : I'm taking over some of her day-to-day responsibilities,
Cameron : like babysitting you.
House : Interesting. You have your whole life ahead of you,
House : so why would Cuddy want you to die so young?
Cameron : She figured I'd spent three years working for you, I was inoculated.
House : Good. Fun.
House : You get to exercise your newfound power, I squirm under your thumb,
House : resent the student becoming the teacher, and then push comes to shove
House : and we all get to realize what our real roles should be.
UNK: And then you put out.
Cameron : That's why I took the job.
House : 29-year-old special ed teacher coughs up blood all over Corky.
House : No dyspnea, no weight loss.
House : Why are you smirking?
Foreman : Never thought I'd see the day you were taking orders from Cameron.
Kutner : Cameron's in charge? When did that happen?
UNK: You're going to destroy her, aren't you?
House : I am going to do my job. If that involves leaving her a rotting pulp...
UNK: Cameron's going to mark her territory.
Foreman : She'll probably overcompensate
Foreman : and destroy you. Bleeding ulcer.
Thirteen : Scope of the stomach and lungs were clean,
Thirteen : yet she continues to spit up blood from both her stomach and lungs.
UNK: Means there's probably something wrong with the blood itself,
UNK: leukemia, von Willebrands.
UNK: Thoracic tumor's a better fit.
Thirteen : Erodes into her airway and esophagus, explains the...
House : Oh, will you two stop it already?
Thirteen : Stop what? Disagreeing.
Thirteen : Okay. Which one of us shouldn't have an opinion?
House : It's not an opinion, it's a smoke screen.
UNK: You toss out a lame idea instead of agreeing with Foreman's better idea
House : because you're worried that will confirm
House : that he's boldly gone where no man has gone before.
Kutner : You slept with Foreman?
Thirteen : Sorry. You were busy.
Foreman : Drop it, House.
Foreman : We're seeing each other, end of discussion.
Foreman : Anything else isn't relevant.
House : It's extremely relevant. Apparently, it colors everything.
House : Now I have no idea if you have differing opinions
House : because you have differing opinions
House : or because you're just trying to prove that you can think for yourselves.
Thirteen : How about you just judge our ideas on their own merit?
House : You don't want me to do that.
UNK: Go run a bleeding time test, confirm our patient's blood is screwy,
House : then you can come back and pretend to disagree about why.
Thirteen : Time zero.
Kutner : I'm impressed, you didn't even flinch.
Sarah : I just went to my happy place.
Thirteen : We cannot let House anywhere near this woman.
Kutner : Where is your happy place?
Sarah : My class. With them.
UNK: Pass the first mark.
Kutner : It's a great thing you do.
Sarah : Not really.
Sarah : Most kids, typical children, you hand them a pair of scissors and they cut.
Sarah : Well, Tony, he's got CP,
UNK: and when I gave him scissors, we went on a journey together,
Sarah : learning to get his fingers in those holes, to hold the scissors apart,
Sarah : to hold the paper.
Sarah : I mean, when he finally learned to cut, we both just wept with joy.
Kutner : If you ever meet our boss, just yes or no answers, okay?
Thirteen : It's not slowing up. No sign of clotting.
Sarah : So there is something wrong with my blood?
Kutner : Don't worry, we'll run some lab tests to find out which clotting factor is off and...
Sarah : I'm not worried.
Kutner : Must be one hell of a happy place.
Wilson : She's beautiful.
Cuddy : I know. I'm lucky.