Thirteen : Without the radiation.
Thirteen : We book the nuclear lab, we fill out the paperwork,
Thirteen : we bring the patient down there, we do everything but flip the switch.
House : Go. Do. Don't flip.
Taub : And is there anything we should be doing,
Taub : you know, to actually help the patient?
UNK: Trust me, for the long term, this will help all our patients.
House : In the short term, double the dose of methotrexate and add prednisone.
UNK: Cameron's got the keys to the castle.
Foreman : This trial I'm running, the drug really seems to be working.
Chase : She's kind of liking the power.
Chase : Think I'm kind of liking her liking it.
Foreman : I'm not sure what I'm going to do about Thirteen.
Chase : She's sort of dressing like Cuddy.
Foreman : She's on the placebo.
Chase : You can't possibly know that.
Foreman : Accidents happen. I found out.
Chase : You cannot tell her. You'd be compromising the trial.
Chase : She knows she had a 50-50 chance of not being on the drug.
Chase : If you feel like you're lying to her, too bad.
Foreman : I don't want to tell her.
Foreman : I want to put her on the real drug.
Chase : And you want me to tell you that that's okay?
Foreman : Her trial results are already compromised just from the fact that I know.
Foreman : As long as she's wasting her time,
Foreman : why not give her something that might actually help her?
Chase : Valid point, except for the fact that it's a load of crap.
Chase : Don't be an idiot.
Sarah : So, how long until we start the procedure?
Sarah : I have to pee.
Sarah : Can we, like, call a timeout for a minute? Let me go to the bathroom?
UNK: Thanks.
Taub : No problem.
UNK: Sarah!
Taub : No pulse. Get the paddles.
UNK: Clear!
Taub : Got a pulse.
Taub : It's not ITP. She clearly doesn't need fake radiation.
Kutner : No structural defects in her heart.
Thirteen : What about a calcified valve or a patent foramen ovale?
Taub : Transthoracic echo and bubble study show nothing.
Taub : Her heart's clean.
Thirteen : The patient said she had to go pee.
Thirteen : Maybe when she got up, she started to urinate,
Thirteen : increased the vagal tone, caused arrhythmia and stopped her heart.
House : Who has to go pee in the middle of a nuclear procedure?
Kutner : It wasn't really a nuclear procedure.
House : She didn't know that.
House : People don't die from peeing.
Kutner : Heavy metal, toxin.
Taub : Drugs or alcohol.
Thirteen : Or her own body is making a toxin. Cold agglutinins.
Thirteen : Abnormal protein gets activated by cold temperatures.
Forbes : Like the classroom with the broken heater
Forbes : and the cold metal table in the procedure room.
House : For God's sake, get a room.
House : Immerse her in an ice bath. The cold will activate her cold agglutinins.
Kutner : Causing her heart to race.
House : Confirming our diagnosis.
Kutner : And giving her another heart attack.
House : Lucky for me, there's a flaxen-haired maiden who loves to say yes.
Cuddy : How in the world could you approve total body irradiation
Cuddy : for a patient with possible ITP?
Cameron : It was the right call.
UNK: There was no medical justification for that kind of...
Cameron : Not medically, no. Absolutely no medical rationalization.
Cameron : I had to say yes because House wanted me to say no.
Cuddy : You think he was bluffing?
Cameron : I'm the new kid, he had to test me.
Cuddy : Don't get cute, don't engage him.