UNK: You can fake a stomachache. You can't fake a brain tumor.
Cameron : You can fake an invisible one.
Cameron : We should check her apartment. Look for medications, syringes...
House : - Venous sampling's easier. - And more dangerous.
House : - Not if you get caught breaking in. - So don't get caught, House.
Cameron : Why do you think Cuddy picked Foreman over me?
Cameron : Have I done something wrong or is there...
UNK: Will it make you shut up if I told you she wanted someone black?
Cameron : How would you describe my leadership skills?
UNK: Nonexistent. Otherwise excellent.
Cameron : There's more to being a leader than being a jerk.
House : The world will never know.
Cameron : No. No way. It just snowed.
UNK: Yesterday. The streets are clear.
Cameron : My car is right there.
House : There's construction on Elm. Bike will be faster.
Cameron : There's even books in the bathroom.
House : Well, either she's very smart or she has a severe fiber deficiency.
Cameron : She's got an appointment with her ophthalmologist on Tuesday
Cameron : and an appointment with her gynecologist on Thursday.
Cameron : Multiple appointments with multiple doctors.
Cameron : Symptom of Munchausen's.
House : Or, just thinking outside the box here,
House : she has a vagina and trouble reading.
House : There's three pairs of reading glasses, each with different prescriptions.
House : Which would be explained by a tumor pressing on the optic nerve.
Cameron : Because you're looking for her to have a tumor.
House : And you're looking for...
House : A person with Munchausen's syndrome drinks battery acid.
UNK: But they don't go to an ophthalmologist to get their pupils dilated.
Cameron : An ophthalmologist is a doctor. Attention is attention.
House : How many hospitals have you contacted? Has one doctor said she's crazy?
House : - It's not Munchausen's. - It's not your call.
House : If you think she's got Munchausen's,
UNK: then obviously you got something to show the man.
House : A syringe in her apartment. A bottle of ACTH.
Foreman : Munchausen's patients are good at covering their tracks.
House : Right. So, the fact that we found nothing proves there's something.
Cameron : Look at the pathology reports from the surgery she had in Chicago.
Cameron : They removed 30% of her pituitary. They found no tumor.
Foreman : It's possible the surgeons just missed it.
Foreman : In that kind of surgery, you're just cutting and hoping...
House : Of course, we're both right.
House : Excellent solution, everybody's happy.
House : Come on, step up, Foreman.
House : If you think I'm right, order me to stick a needle in her brain.
House : If you think Cameron's right, send the patient home.
House : Either she'll be fine, or she'll die.
Foreman : Do the venous sampling. Get her consent.
House : Nice move, boss. Way to cover your ass.
Foreman : I just agreed with you.
House : Not because you think I'm right,
House : you're just taking the safe route. You're a wuss.
House : Don't worry, your secret's safe with me.