Anica : Where's Dr. House?
Cameron : Dr. Foreman's overseeing your case.
Cameron : He thought it'd be best if I spoke with you.
Cameron : We found a mass in your pancreas.
Cameron : It looks like cancer.
Anica : So something in my pancreas caused me to have a seizure?
UNK: Probably. But the bigger point is...
Cameron : A one-year survival rate for pancreatic cancer is less than 20%.
Anica : So what's the treatment?
Cameron : We need to biopsy the mass to see what we're dealing with,
UNK: and then we can
Cameron : recommend options from there.
Anica : Sounds good.
Cameron : I need your consent to do the biopsy.
UNK: Thanks.
Anica : Wish me luck.
Cameron : Good luck.
Cameron : It was weird. She barely reacted at all.
Wilson : I've had people hug me and people take a swing at me.
Cameron : This was more like she didn't even hear me.
Chase : Magnify three times.
Wilson : House assisting.
Wilson : That is funny.
Wilson : Too bad Foreman's gonna die.
UNK: Good afternoon, I'm Dr. House. I'm gonna be looking at your...
UNK: Perfect.
House : Excuse me.
House : Need Dr. Foreman in exam room one for a consult.
House : So, when did this start?
Woman : Couple weeks ago.
Woman : I didn't want to get pregnant. Jake's not into rubbers, so I got on the jelly.
Woman : You think I'm allergic or something?
House : You have an infection.
UNK: I'm gonna need a sample.
Woman : I brought the jar.
House : No, I meant a sample of your...
House : Okay. We have a neurological problem here.
Woman : There's something wrong with my brain?
House : Oh, yeah.
House : Cover yourself up. Got what I need.
Foreman : What's up?
House : Smell this.
House : Smells like vaginosis, but it's not really my call.
Foreman : Great. I'll be sure to put a gold star by your name on the board.
Foreman : Anica's biopsy for pancreatic cancer was negative.
House : Okay, I'm gonna give you some antibiotics
House : and you probably shouldn't have sex for a while.
Woman : How long?
House : On an evolutionary basis, I'd recommend forever.
Chase : The mass in the pancreas is benign. It's probably just scar tissue.
Foreman : Good news. She's not sick at all. Other than being an alcoholic.
House : The labs you sent yesterday put her ACTH at 64 picograms per milliliter.
House : She's got Cushing's. Something set it off.
House : It's gotta be in her brain. Set her up for a venous sampling.
Cameron : There is another possibility.
Foreman : Chase, hold on.
House : How'd you get him trained so fast? Electronic collar?
House : Got treats in your pocket?
Cameron : She didn't even read the consent form for the pancreatic biopsy.
Chase : Who reads those things?
Cameron : Maybe she didn't read it because she knew that there was nothing wrong with her.
Cameron : There is another explanation for the Cushing's.
Cameron : Maybe she injected herself with the ACTH. Her behavior suggests Munchausen's.
Cameron : She's had four hospitalizations in the last four months.
House : Well, being hospitalized a lot certainly points to nothing being wrong with you.
Cameron : She's had zero symptoms since she got here.
Cameron : The scarring on her pancreas
UNK: could be caused from injecting herself with the benzene
Cameron : and setting off the seizures.
House : She's had brain surgery.