House : Titrate to systolic less than 140. She'll be fine.
House : Cameron. Meet me in my office.
House : At the risk of sounding redundant and right, again,
House : she has Cushing's. Cushing's.
Foreman : Right, the fact that you mangled her LP has nothing to do with it.
House : Actually, it has everything to do with it.
House : Cushing's plus stress equals hypertensive crisis.
House : Smart move, sending the rookie.
Foreman : Her initial symptoms could have been caused by alcohol-induced DIC.
Foreman : She had a hypertensive crisis
Foreman : because it's been at least six hours since she had her last drink.
Foreman : She's detoxing.
House : The exact same moment that I'm futilely trying to give her an LP?
Foreman : Right. An invisible tumor on her pituitary is much more likely.
Chase : What if the tumor is somewhere else?
Chase : There could be an ACTH-secreting tumor on her lung or pancreas.
Cameron : It's awfully rare.
Chase : Not as rare as an invisible tumor.
House : Why didn't they put you in charge instead of Foreman?
House : Oh, yeah, you're the guy that killed that woman.
House : Get a pan-man scan before she dies a cortisol OD.
Foreman : Fine. Do it.
Foreman : But when you don't find anything, put her on a Librium taper
Foreman : for the withdrawal and get her a bed in a rehab clinic.
Chase : Lungs look clean.
UNK: Her lymph nodes are not enlarged.
Cameron : Cuddy tapped Foreman to run the department.
Cameron : - I didn't even get asked. - Neither did I.
Cameron : - You were suspended. - I was kidding.
Cameron : It's the irony of women in charge. They don't like other women in charge.
Cameron : What? You think it's something else?
Chase : You sabotaged yourself. You went on a date with House.
Chase : You slept with me. Putting you in charge of this department
Chase : is like a sexual harassment suit waiting to happen.
Cameron : Yeah, they're really worried
UNK: that I'm gonna create a hostile work environment.
Chase : Maybe that's the problem.
Chase : Being in charge means having to say no to House.
Chase : Would you hire you for that?
UNK: Anderson coming out strong. What is he thinking?
UNK: He watched what Tom Mants just did.
Foreman : You ordered MRis for the entire maternity ward?
House : I was in a crazy mood.
House : Good thing I got a new boss to back me up.
House : Although, I think one of those is actually necessary.
House : Better comb through before you cancel them all.
Foreman : What do you expect me to do, House? Quit? Cry?
House : Actually, I expect you to act like what you are.
House : My employee. My subordinate.
House : My bitch.
Foreman : Well, since you asked nicely...
House : My God.
House : I can't believe I got more than a year behind on my discharge summaries.
UNK: Got to get caught up. Oh, no, wait.
House : I'm not authorized to sign these anymore. Only you are.
Foreman : Keep it coming. I'm not gonna break.
UNK: Scan showed a mass on her pancreas.
Chase : Looks malignant. Probably inoperable.
Chase : I'd give her two months.
House : On the bright side, it still means I was right.