House : Hey, Wilson, guess what Foreman just did!
UNK: Hi.
Cameron : This is a consent form to stick a wire into your brain.
Cameron : It's important for hospitals to get these signed for procedures
Cameron : that are completely unnecessary.
Anica : - Then why are you doing it? - Because you're mentally ill.
Cameron : You injected yourself with ACTH to induce Cushing's to get attention from doctors.
Cameron : And so far, it's worked.
Anica : I'd like to see another doctor.
Cameron : - I'm not giving you what you want? - I don't want a bitch.
Cameron : Just sign the forms, okay? And I'll get out of here.
Cameron : Hopefully for you, whatever you injected yourself with won't wear off
Cameron : before you get the fun of a caring and concerned doctor cutting into your head.
Foreman : You chose me to make House miserable, didn't you?
Cuddy : Apparently, he's making you miserable. That's impressive.
Foreman : Find someone else.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : For the first time in six years,
UNK: I'm getting copied on all experimental tests and procedures.
Cuddy : Clinic hours have been logged and completed.
Cuddy : You've given me four months of House's dictations
Cuddy : so I can finally bill insurance companies.
Foreman : I only did that stuff to prove he couldn't make me miserable.
Cuddy : Well, way to go.
Cuddy : Now everybody's getting what they need, even House.
Cuddy : He gets to play mad scientist, and this department runs smoothly.
Foreman : So I'm stuck with this for the next three weeks.
Cuddy : Maybe longer.
Cuddy : Would you be interested if this wasn't just pretend?
UNK: What did Mommy say? I don't get any candy in my stocking?
Foreman : Patient being prepped for the venous sampling?
UNK: Yeah, a mentally ill patient is right on track for a pointless procedure.
Foreman : Yeah, we get your objection.
Foreman : Foreman. Are you sure?
Foreman : That doesn't make any sense. Check it again.
UNK: We gotta delay the venous sampling.
Cameron : Why? Her urine turning orange?
Foreman : How would you know that?
UNK: Because that's what rifampin does.
Chase : She's not on antibiotics.
UNK: But if a Munchausen's patient thinks she's about to get busted,
UNK: she sees pills labeled "Dangerous, might cause seizures",
UNK: she might grab a couple.
UNK: And if that label were accidentally on a bottle of antibiotics,
UNK: and if that bottle were accidentally left in her room...
Foreman : - You set her up? - Might have. It's Munchausen's.
Cameron : All this, she did to herself.
Anica : I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
Anica : I had a seizure. I'm sick. I need your help.
Cameron : Not from this department.
Cameron : The half-life of rifampin is three hours.
Cameron : After that, you'll get your psych referral and your discharge papers.
Anica : You know, just because you stick your fingers down your throat
Anica : doesn't mean the rest of us are screwed up.
Cameron : I guess when cooperation fails, you move on to hostility.
Anica : I didn't do this to myself.