UNK: "Body does crazy things." That explains everything!
Chase : She had no fever.
House : 'Cause her self-inflicted Cushing's suppressed her immune system.
House : Stopped her from having a fever, hid the infection.
House : Clostridium perfringens could cause the bruises,
House : the schistocytes, the anemia.
Foreman : Explains everything except the white count.
House : Augmentin is a lot safer than destroying her immune system.
House : Why don't we try that?
Foreman : You're taking the safe course? What's going on?
House : There's lots of explanations for a low white count.
Cameron : Name one that fits her case.
UNK: Colchicine.
UNK: I figure that she'd gotten her hands on it and self-medicated.
Foreman : That's brilliant of her.
Foreman : Take the exact medication that would confirm your diagnosis.
House : People do crazy things.
Foreman : You injected her against her will just so you could be right?
House : - She consented. - She's mentally ill!
UNK: But she smells oh-so-sweet.
UNK: She would've gotten sicker when I said she was gonna get sicker
House : except Cameron dosed her with antibiotics.
House : - Just hold this. - Is everything okay?
UNK: Pull my finger.
UNK: Grapey.
House : You have a bacterium. It's on all of us.
House : But the bruises you gave yourself with the Cushing's made a lovely home.
House : Bacteria moved in, parked their cars on the lawn.
House : There goes the neighborhood.
House : By neighborhood, I mean, your internal organs.
House : So, should we put her on the Augmentin, boss?
UNK: Or do you think she injected herself with grapes?
House : I love the smell of pus in the morning.
House : Smells like... victory.
Foreman : If you were serious about the offer, I'm serious about accepting.
UNK: I'd like to run the department. And you said it yourself, things run smooth.
Cuddy : Except for the part where House went behind your back
Cuddy : and KO'd the patient with insulin and colchicine.
Foreman : There was no reason to suspect an infection.
Foreman : Even House didn't think it was an infection.
Foreman : You would have done the same thing I did.
Cuddy : And I'd be just as wrong.
Cuddy : What House did was insane. But he saved her life.
Foreman : He got lucky.
Cuddy : He got her to admit she's got a problem.
Cuddy : She's agreed to outpatient treatment. He gets lucky a lot.
Foreman : Did you ever really intend to give me this job,
Foreman : or were you just trying to stop me from stepping down?
Cuddy : Well, you've got two more weeks in charge.
Cuddy : Hopefully the next case will go better.
UNK: She should've died. House is not a hero.
Foreman : A person who has the guts to break a bad rule,
Foreman : they're a hero.
Foreman : House doesn't break rules, he ignores them.
Foreman : He's not Rosa Parks, he's an anarchist.
Foreman : All he stands for is the right for everyone to grab whatever they want
Foreman : whenever they want.
Foreman : You tell doctors that's okay,
Foreman : your mortality rate is gonna go through the roof.
UNK: Kind of digging this whole Foreman-in-charge thing.
UNK: Give me those.
House : Frees me up to watch my soaps,
House : catch a movie in the afternoon, have lunch with you.
Wilson : Yeah, that's a big change for you.
House : Now Cuddy's on Foreman's ass, not mine.
Wilson : You couldn't live with Foreman as your boss.
House : Why not?
UNK: People can change, you know.
Doctor : Your white count is way down.
Doctor : We're going to need to admit you, just to run a few more tests.
Anica : Whatever you think is best.
House : Last race at Belmont. Put it all on the five
House : to win.