Alexis : We'll keep it our little secret.
Castle : Who the hell are these people?
UNK: Just look for anything that we can use to track these guys.
Castle : These are the same .40 calibers the shooters in the theater had.
UNK: Who did you just text? The cops?
Hayley : We had a deal. You shook on it.
UNK: Ifyou wanted a binding agreement, we should've pinky-sweared.
Hayley : What are you, four?
UNK: Hey!
Castle : Hayley... what happened?
Hayley : I got my ass kicked.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Hey, what's up?
Alexis : Dad, I was able to track Beckett and that mystery man to a taxi.
Castle : You are the best!
UNK: Okay, uh, now all we have to do is call the cab company,
UNK: figure out where they went.
Alexis : Already did. They went to a prison upstate.
Castle : Really? Is she still there?
Alexis : No. But she visited an inmate, william Bracken.
UNK: Bracken?
Hayley : Okay, why is your wife visiting a disgraced former senator?
Castle : They have history.
Hayley : What kind of history?
Castle : He had Beckett's mother killed.
Alexis : It's why she became a cop. She dedicated her life to hunting him.
Hayley : Okay, so what's with the reunion? And why today of all days?
Castle : Because Bracken's behind this.
Hayley : I know he was a powerful man,
Hayley : but that sort of influence dries up when you're serving life in prison.
Castle : You don't know the kind of people Bracken was aligned with.
Castle : Mercenaries, dealers... The worst of the worst.
Castle : He made a lot of people rich. A lot ofwhom may still owe him favors.
Hayley : You're saying that william Bracken ordered a hit on your wife?
Castle : Beckett ruined his so-called legacy... His life.
Castle : He's out for payback.
Hayley : You really think Bracken's behind this?
Castle : The story tracks.
Castle : Bracken is a megalomaniac who blames Beckett for ruining his life,
Castle : even though it was justice for what he did to her mother.
UNK: - You gonna be here when I come out? - No.
Castle : Because I texted Ryan and Esposito.
Hayley : I said no cops.
Castle : You'd rather there be a storage locker full of guns out there?
Hayley : It's not my problem.
UNK: Look, Rick, ifyou want to be a real PI, and notjust play dress-up,
UNK: you're gonna have to make some changes in how you operate.
Castle : Changes like lying to my friends?
Hayley : Yeah, sometimes.
Hayley : And sometimes, you're even gonna have to screw them over.
Castle : Yeah, no, thanks.
UNK: Look, nice guys don'tjust finish last in this business, Castle.
Hayley : They end up dead.
Castle : I'll see you around.
Hayley : You really love her, don't you?
Castle : Like a house on fire.
Hayley : Must be nice.
Hayley : Speed dial five.
UNK: Go.
Hayley : - It's me. - Whatdo you need?
Hayley : Tell the lab I'm coming in with something for them to test.
UNK: I'm gonna need it ID'd right away.