Hayley : Look, I'm here, aren't I? You've gotta give to get.
Hayley : Who's this mystery man?
Castle : He's East Indian, in his late 20s. He might be sick.
Castle : He's dizzy, had a headache.
Castle : Said he needed something to eat. I don't know.
Castle : What about you, Hayley?
Castle : I know you're holding back on something.
Hayley : I have a lead on the last two shooters.
UNK: How?
Hayley : Well, I haven't just been chasing random identities.
UNK: The hacker stole 100,000 social security numbers,
Hayley : but then bundled them into smaller groupings.
UNK: And who was he selling the bundles to?
Hayley : Mafia, drug cartels, terrorists, take your pick.
Hayley : However, from the bundle of those five shooters,
Hayley : I've just uncovered that a new identity's being used.
Castle : - Can you track it? - I already have.
Hayley : It was used to lease a storage locker a few days ago.
Castle : And how does this help me find Beckett?
Hayley : It doesn't, but there are still two killers hunting her.
UNK: Ifwe can track them down, I get one step closer to my hacker,
Hayley : and you get your wife out of harm's way.
Hayley : This way, we both get what we want.
UNK: AII right, let's go.
Alexis : Dad, did you notice any candy wrappers or fruitjuice,
Alexis : anything with sugar at the dry cleaners?
Castle : Uh, an empty soda can, why?
UNK: I think Beckett's mystery man might've been having a diabetic incident.
Alexis : But based on his symptoms, sugar is not enough.
Alexis : He would need insulin to regulate...
UNK: Honey, I need to go. Let's talk about this later, though, okay?
Hayley : Don't wait for the old man. Ifyou got something, follow up on it.
Hayley : Look, Beckett's on the run. She can't go to a doctor, can't go to a hospital.
Hayley : So how does she get her hands on insulin?
Alexis : She would have to get creative.
Hayley : There you go.
Castle : Why did we park back here?
Castle : Hayley, we can just walk straight through the front door,
Castle : there's no bolt cutters required.
Hayley : Oh, you've been playing at being a cop too long, Rick.
Hayley : As a PI, you don't have a badge, don't have search warrants.
UNK: You gotta get creative. Lie, cheat...
UNK: - And the occasional B&E, apparently. - Yeah.
UNK: Ifthat's what it takes.
UNK: So, what's it gonna be?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Hi. My name's... Stryker. Clara Stryker. I'm an auditor with emergency services.
UNK: Um, what can I do for you, Miss Stryker?
Alexis : I'm looking into a bogus 911 call
Alexis : made near a dry cleaner's on 2nd and 23rd Street.
UNK: Yeah. Uh, right, we reported that as a prank.
Alexis : Then I'm sure you performed a complete inventory afterward.
Alexis : I take it you didn't know you needed to.
Alexis : Don't worry, we can do it now.
UNK: Look, Miss Stryker, I'm just a probationary EMT.
UNK: My supervisor's gonna be back any minute now.
Rauch : Can't this wait?
Rauch : Well, looks like everything's in its place.
Alexis : - Where do you keep the insulin? - Uh...
UNK: Shoot.
Rauch : We're missing two vials.
Alexis : - Do you have a monitor for the camera? - Yeah.
Alexis : Play back the time of the call.
Castle : What the hell?
UNK: Freeze it.
UNK: Miss Stryker, am I getting in trouble for this?