Castle : Hey, Richard Castle. I'd shake hands, but...
Brooks : You think this is funny?
Castle : No. No, no, I just felt like you'd be serious enough for the both of us.
UNK: Well, how is this for serious?
Brooks : You either tell me where your wife is
UNK: or I'm gonna kill you.
Brooks : This is a simple question. Where's Kate Beckett?
Castle : I don't know. And even if I did know, I wouldn't tell you.
UNK: You know, that's amazing, they all say that.
Aj : And yet they all end up talking in the end.
Beckett : You know, since we're asking questions,
Castle : maybe you guys could fill in a few blanks for me.
Castle : For example, if Bracken isn't your boss, then who is?
Beckett : You know what? I don't think he's taking this seriously.
Aj : Maybe a little pain will help him focus.
UNK: Pass.
Castle : But you know what? I would kill for a nice cappuccino right now, extra froth.
Brooks : You expect us to believe that your wife is keeping you in the dark?
Aj : Look, this isn't working. How do you wanna do this?
Aj : Start by cutting off his fingers until he talks?
UNK: Orjump straight for the wedding vegetables?
Beckett : You know what? Actually, I was thinking
UNK: something maybe a little more, uh, psychological.
UNK: I'm gonna be honest with you, that doesn't look that scary.
Brooks : Well, why don't you look again?
Aj : Okay, I might puke.
Brooks : Where is she, Castle?
Hayley : I don't know.
UNK: Hmm?
Brooks : Where is she?
Hayley : I don't know!
Brooks : Where is she?
Hayley : I don't know anything.
Hayley : The last time I saw Castle was outside the prison.
UNK: You'd think an ex-cop would understand obstruction ofjustice.
Ryan : Yeah, especially since arresting her for it
Ryan : will torpedo her investigator's license.
Hayley : You're not scaring me, guys.
Esposito : You think we're playing?
Esposito : Castle's one of us. which means you better come clean right now,
UNK: or every cop in this city is gonna make it their mission to jam you up.
Hayley : I understand the passion, but I have a reputation to uphold.
UNK: My clients think that I roll over every time a cop says, "Boo,"
Hayley : I'm looking for a new line of work.
UNK: Damn it, my dad's in trouble!
Alexis : If you know anything about where he is, you have to tell us.
Hayley : Alexis, it's not that simple.
Alexis : Yes, it is.
UNK: Please.
Hayley : Okay. There is something I kept to myself,
UNK: but it's not gonna help you. It's a dead end.
UNK: Spill.
Hayley : There was a woman at the storage locker.
Hayley : We mixed it up a little.
Hayley : When she kicked me, something transferred from her boot.
Hayley : I had a lab test it. It's creosote.
Hayley : It's a form of coal tar primarily used to treat railway ties.
Hayley : There are tens of thousands of those ties used in the subway.
Esposito : You get a copy of the lab report?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Tie's not from the subway.
Beckett : - What? - How do you know?
Ryan : No traces of any steel dust or any other pollutants.
UNK: My guess is that the railroad tie's new.
Esposito : I'll call MTA. See where they store those things.
Beckett : Thank you.
Brooks : Where is she?
Brooks : Where's your wife, Castle?
Castle : I don't know, I swear.
Aj : That is the wrong answer.
Brooks : Tell me where your wife is.
Brooks : Tell me where she is!
Brooks : - Where is she? - I don't know.
Brooks : Come on, Castle, no woman is worth dying for.