Esposito : That is great, right?
Ryan : Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's wonderful.
UNK: But it's also another mouth to feed, another body to clothe,
Ryan : and don't get me started on college tuition.
Esposito : Kevin, can't you just for one second
Esposito : celebrate before you start stressing about money again?
Esposito : - Sometimes, it's good to just... - Yes! Got ourselves a homicide.
Ryan : Fingers crossed for overtime pay.
Esposito : Bro, there's something wrong with you.
Castle : - Can I help you? - You sure as hell can, buddy.
UNK: Franco Mancini : I'm Franco Mancini. Nice to finally meet you.
UNK: Franco Mancini : Bring it on in. Come here.
Mancini : Great news, huh, Ricky?
Mancini : My wife's sleeping with my brother, not my personal chef.
Mancini : What a relief.
Castle : Uh, I'm sorry,
Castle : your wife is having an affair with your brother
Castle : and you're happy about it?
UNK: Hell, I got four other brothers, but my chef is one in a million.
UNK: His spicy clams are to die for.
Mancini : Thanks again for solving my case, Ricky.
Mancini : You and your associate.
UNK: Associate?
UNK: Could you wait out in reception? I'll be with you in a sec.
UNK: Uh, Alexis,
UNK: I don't wanna say you have some explaining to do,
Castle : but I think you have some explaining to do.
Alexis : Wait, did I forget to tell you I've been working PI cases for you?
UNK: Must've slipped your mind.
Alexis : Hey, didn't the guys do a fantastic job remodeling the place?
Castle : I know, right?
Castle : But you're changing the subject.
Alexis : I know, but check it out.
Alexis : Pull on The Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe, and...
Castle : Oh, my God, this turned out so much cooler than I thought it would!
Castle : Wait, did they do the thing on the desk with the...
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Obviously the spring has a trajectory... I'll make them...
Castle : Okay, back to you, why are you working my cases?
Alexis : Truth is, it's all your fault.
Castle : You set up shop in my office, behind my back, and it's my fault?
UNK: Exactly.
Alexis : A month ago, when you sent me here to open the place for your foreman,
Alexis : a potential client came by.
Alexis : I was intrigued, so I sort of said I was your associate
Alexis : and then I kind of solved the case.
Alexis : Since then, I've closed three others.
UNK: Alexis, you can'tjust...
UNK: You closed four cases? That's more than I have.
Alexis : I know. Step your game up.
Castle : What about your college courses?
Alexis : Oh, please, I've got that handled.
Alexis : Plus I forged your signature
Alexis : to make sure I got school credit for being an intern.
Castle : Okay, that's Esposito. I have to take this,
Castle : but we are not done talking.
Alexis : Good, we need to discuss my profit participation in the company.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Esposito, how're you doing, buddy?
Castle : How's the new boss lady treating you?
Esposito : - She's ignoring me. - Just like every other woman in his life.
Esposito : Shut up.
Esposito : So, your wife is not answering her cell,
Esposito : and we need her authorization for more officers down here.
Esposito : Is she with you?
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry, she's at a meeting at One PP.
Castle : What's going on?
Ryan : We're working on a case. You interested?
Castle : I'd love to, but I'm a little busy with my thriving PI business.
Alexis : Not really, I closed all the cases.
Castle : But since you're desperate, I'll rearrange my hectic schedule
UNK: and, uh, lend you my expertise. Come on.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Looks like a Tarantino film came to life in here.
Ryan : Yeah, now meet our stars.
Ryan : This is Greg Minoso.
UNK: Over here, we got Jake Fitz.
Ryan : And finally, we come to Dustin Chambers.
UNK: And check this out, they were each packing identical .40 cals.
Castle : I take it they weren't part of the construction crew.
Ryan : No. Renovations aren't scheduled to begin until next week.
UNK: Okay. So what happened?
UNK: Truth is, we're not sure yet.
UNK: What we do know is that gunfire was heard around 9 : 07 a.m.
UNK: And continued for a minute or two.
Castle : So they shot each other?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Nope. Their wounds are from a downward angle.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Maybe 45 degrees, which means they probably all were shot from up there.
Lanie : Yep. The shooter was definitely up here.
UNK: 9mm.
UNK: AII right,
UNK: he must've capped them from up here, boom, boom, boom,
UNK: and then boogied out that exit.
UNK: Ew. Guys.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : Looks like our shooter took a bullet from one of the dead guys down there,
UNK: falls back up against the wall,
UNK: grabbing the drop cloth, pulling it down with him.
UNK: AII right, let's contact hospitals...
Castle : This is Beckett's.