Lanie : Wait, what did you just say?
Castle : I gave it to her this morning.
Castle : She was here.
Castle : Tell me.
Esposito : Lanie said that blood was a match to Beckett's.
Castle : But there was so much blood.
UNK: Okay. Okay, but this is... This is Beckett we're talking about.
Castle : Yeah, yeah, she's as tough as they come.
UNK: Exactly. So, she must've shot those three guys.
Castle : And since she hasn't contacted us,
Castle : we can assume that their partners abducted her. But why?
Castle : We need to dig into the backgrounds of those dead shooters.
UNK: We need to find out who they're working with.
Esposito : That's the thing, we can't.
Esposito : Their IDs are all fake and their prints aren't in the system.
Esposito : Castle, do you have any idea what Beckett was doing at that theater?
UNK: She was supposed to be at One PP.
Esposito : I talked to Gates.
Esposito : Beckett didn't have anything on the books.
Castle : So, she lied to me?
Ryan : Guys, I got a hit on one of the dead shooter's credit cards.
UNK: He rented a short-term apartment through an online site.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Ryan, I got dead space.
Ryan : - Castle, stay put. - NYPD!
Castle : - Wait! - Ah!
UNK: Where is she? where's Beckett?
Esposito : NYPD! Don't move!
Ryan : Get on the floor, right now!
Esposito : - On the ground. - On the floor, right now!
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Have you seen the floor?
UNK: Hayley Shipton : If it's all the same to you boys, Iet's do this standing.
Esposito : - Have a seat, Miss Shipton. - Oh, no, please,
Hayley : call me Hayley.
UNK: I insist that anyone who's frisked me use my given name.
Esposito : Okay, Hayley,
Esposito : my partner and I really enjoyed reading your file.
Hayley : Oh, sweetie, I'm so much more than words on paper.
Ryan : Born and raised in East London. Over in the borough of Hackney.
Esposito : Rough area.
UNK: Don't they have a street nicknamed "The Murder Mile"?
Hayley : Well, yes, but it's not without its charms.
Ryan : Just like you.
Ryan : Love your accent, by the way. Very posh.
UNK: Where did you learn to speak like that?
Esposito : Not from the slums she grew up in.
Esposito : And definitely not from your mom,
Esposito : who's at the tail end of a 20-year prison bid.
UNK: Oh, and not wanting to follow in Mum's footsteps,
UNK: you joined the Metropolitan Police Service.
UNK: But that was an epic fail.
UNK: And they booted you out because of
Ryan : your tendency to cut legal corners.
UNK: Allegedly.
Ryan : You hung a dealer out of a window in order to get a confession.
Hayley : Did I hang him out the window,
Hayley : or did I save him from falling out said window?
Hayley : It's hard to tell, it's even harder to prove.
Ryan : Well, lucky for us,
Ryan : we don't have to prove that you were hiding in that apartment.
Hayley : Hiding? No, lost. I was looking for a Starbucks, actually.
Hayley : Usually they're so easy to find.
Esposito : How do you know the guy who rented that apartment?
Hayley : Unlike the imbeciles who usually sit in this chair,
Hayley : I know my rights. So I would like to leave now.
Esposito : No, I don't think so.
UNK: We got a missing NYPD captain as well as three dead bodies.
Ryan : - So you should start talking right now. - Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hayley : I don't know anything about...
Esposito : Come on, Hayley, you can do better than that.
Hayley : Look, I am just a freelance security specialist.
Hayley : I was hired by an insurance company