Alexis : Yes, you do.
Alexis : You're a writer, Dad.
Alexis : And you and Beckett are magic together,
Alexis : but you don't have her training or her skill set.
Alexis : When you disappeared last year,
Alexis : I thought you were dead.
Alexis : For two months.
Alexis : And then you went missing today, and I was so scared.
Castle : Honey, I...
Alexis : Beckett has a reason for keeping quiet.
UNK: Ifyou love her, you have to trust her.
Castle : Finally. what are we waiting for? Let's go give her hell.
Ryan : Castle, wait.
Esposito : We got a positive ID on the guy running with Beckett.
Castle : Great. who is he?
Ryan : His name is Vikram Singh.
UNK: He's a low-Ievel analyst for the Attorney General's Investigative Office.
Alexis : In D.C.?
Alexis : That's where Beckett worked.
Castle : Yeah, but that was two years ago.
Castle : And she never mentioned anyone named Vikram.
Esposito : Yeah, as far as we can tell, their paths never crossed.
Esposito : He's only been on the job a few months.
Castle : Then how would Beckett know him?
Castle : We need to call Rachel McCord. She was Beckett's partner.
Ryan : McCord's dead, Castle.
Ryan : Killed yesterday in an automobile accident
Ryan : along with three other members of her team.
UNK: That can't be a coincidence.
Man : It's not.
Esposito : The last member of her team was stabbed to death
UNK: in a club that same night.
Esposito : Witnesses saw him flirting with a hot brunette.
Castle : This doesn't make any sense.
Castle : What does any of this have to do with Bracken?
Ryan : Well, let's go ask her.
UNK: For someone who says they got a lot of downtime,
UNK: you sure have been a busy girl.
UNK: Staging car accidents, stabbings in D.C.,
UNK: kidnapping me at gunpoint in New York.
UNK: Tell me, do assassins get frequent-flyer miles?
Ryan : Ah, but you didn't fly commercial, did you?
Ryan : We ran your photo against every flight from D.C.
Ryan : So, you either road-tripped it or you took a private jet,
Ryan : and given your arsenal, you people clearly have the resources.
Aj : Not really sure what you're expecting here.
Aj : A tearful confession?
UNK: Not gonna happen.
Ryan : Well, we are expecting that you're smart enough
Ryan : to know that it's CYA time.
UNK: Look, unless you got a bag of spiders,
Aj : we're done here.
Castle : You know, you told me I had no idea what was going on.
Castle : And you were right.
Castle : But now I've got the edge of it, and I'm gonna keep on peeling it back
Castle : until I know everything, with or without your help.
UNK: I'd recommend the "with." It comes with less prison time.
Aj : Prison's a picnic compared to what happens to me if I talk.
UNK: You need to make your peace with the fact
Aj : that your wife isn't long for this world.
UNK: Don't be so sure.
UNK: Your team started out with five.
UNK: Three ofyou are dead, and you're sitting right here.
UNK: That leaves one... Your boss.
UNK: And Beckett against one guy? I like those odds.
Aj : What makes you think there's only one team in play?
UNK: AII right.
Esposito : Hey, I just got off the phone with an Assistant AG in D.C., an Allison Hyde.
Esposito : She's leading the investigation into the deaths of her people.
Esposito : She's up on the first plane in the morning
Esposito : to take our hitter into federal custody.
Castle : Does she have any idea this Vikram guy's connection to Beckett?
Esposito : No. But she's pulling his records.
Castle : So we're nowhere.
UNK: Gun!
Ryan : Get down!
Ryan : Everybody get down!
UNK: I'm gonna do something.
Ryan : Don't be stupid.
Esposito : Where's the fun in that?
Esposito : Shooter's down!
Beckett : - Are you okay? - Yeah.
UNK: LT, stay down.
Officer : Got two officers down!
Officer : Hurry up!
Castle : Oh, sweetie, don't look.
Alexis : Why'd she do it?
Alexis : There's no way she thought she could escape.
Castle : It wasn't about escape.
Castle : She knew her fate was sealed as soon as she got caught.
Castle : This way, she went out on her own terms.
UNK: And made sure we stay in the dark.
Castle : Damn it, Kate. where are you?