Hayley : to catch a hacker who's been stealing social security numbers
Hayley : from their system.
Ryan : Why were you in that apartment?
Hayley : I have been following fake IDs made from the stolen social security numbers.
Hayley : And last night, I got an alert
Hayley : that five of them are being used together in New York City.
UNK: It caught my attention, so I flew in to investigate.
UNK: Five IDs? You're sure it was five?
Hayley : Four men and a woman. Greg Minoso, Jake Fitz,
Hayley : Ty Dade, Dustin Chambers and Susan Emory.
Esposito : Where were you at 9 : 00 a.m. this morning?
UNK: On final approach to JFK. My flight didn't land until 9 : 30.
UNK: And that is all I know.
UNK: Now go and check my alibi so I can get the hell out of here.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : She's hiding something.
Castle : I know.
Castle : We can't just let her leave.
Ryan : Her alibi is solid. we have to.
Esposito : - Ryan. - Yeah.
UNK: Ugh. I put you down once, I won't hesitate to do it again.
Castle : My name is Richard Castle. That missing captain is my wife.
Hayley : I didn't know. I'm sorry.
Castle : Keep your sorry, just give me your help.
Castle : There's more to this story than you're telling us.
Castle : Now she's been injured and abducted.
Hayley : I don't know anything about that.
Castle : Name your price. Anything you say, I'll pay it.
Castle : I just want my wife back.
Hayley : I hope you find her.
Esposito : Yo. Unis found a stolen van with blood in it
Esposito : - by a dry cleaners on 23rd Street. - Any sign of Beckett?
UNK: Yeah, officers found the owner Iocked in the back.
Ryan : They said a woman matching Beckett's description was there.
Ryan : Hi, I'm Detective Ryan.
Ryan : This is Detective Esposito. This is Mr. Castle.
Esposito : - Can you tell us what happened here? - A lady and man burst in.
Drycleaner : She said she was cop. Bleeding everywhere. Big mess.
Drycleaner : Those are her clothes.
Drycleaner : She told man to lock me in bathroom. He did. And that was it.
Castle : Wait, she told him?
UNK: You're saying that she was here of her own volition? Not as a hostage?
Drycleaner : I was hostage, she was in charge.
UNK: Yeah, it's her.
Esposito : Okay, this man that she was with, can you describe him?
Drycleaner : Uh, late 20s, East Indian, had beard.
Esposito : - Did you catch his name? - No.
Drycleaner : But he was in kind of bad shape, too.
Drycleaner : Headaches, dizzy. Said he needed to eat.
Drycleaner : She told him he probably should've gotten breakfast
Drycleaner : instead of calling her.
Castle : Beckett got a call from some guy this morning.
Ryan : Do you know who she was talking to?
Castle : She said it was a telemarketer.
Castle : What is she doing?
Castle : What the hell is going on?
UNK: AII right, let's think.
Castle : Beckett gets a call from a mystery man. Can we trace the phone?
Esposito : Already checked. The call came from a burner phone.
UNK: Damn it. AII right.
UNK: She must've met this guy at the theater.
Castle : Clearly, they were ambushed. Beckett gets shot,
Castle : but she manages to take three of them out,
Castle : and then she and the man escape.
Esposito : But she didn't call for backup.
Ryan : Yeah, why wouldn't she reach out to us?
Castle : Guys, the woman just sewed herself up with a needle and thread.
UNK: Clearly something is going on and she's afraid to contact anyone.
UNK: But what? I mean, what could it be that would cause her to react like this?
Castle : Whatever it is, it has to do with this man.
Castle : We find the man, we find Beckett.
UNK: AII right, I'll have CSU dust this place for prints,
UNK: - maybe we can get an ID on this guy. - AII right.
UNK: I'll get the dry cleaner
Esposito : to sit with a sketch artist.
Castle : Hey, Alexis, listen, something...
Alexis : Dad, come back to the office now.
Castle : What's going on?
Alexis : Just hurry. And come alone.
UNK: AII right.
UNK: - Uh, I'll meet you back at the station. - AII right.
Castle : - Alexis. - Dad, we're in here.
Castle : We? Beckett.
UNK: - That's it. That is it. Yes. - Yeah?
Woman : - Okay. - What the hell is going on here?
Hayley : Oh, I hope you don't mind. Just giving her some PI lessons.
Alexis : Hayley was teaching me the art of manipulating men.
Alexis : It's all about confidence and eye contact.
Hayley : Yeah, if you can entice a man with your gaze,
Hayley : you can lie, steal, cheat, what have you.
Castle : My wife is out there fighting for her life.
Castle : Why are you wasting my time?
UNK: Wait, what? why didn't you tell me?
Hayley : Sorry. I figured it wasn't my place.
Hayley : Now, look, Rick, you asked for my help. Do you want it or not?
UNK: What's the catch? 'Cause I'm thinking with you there's always a catch.
Hayley : There's only one. No cops.
Castle : - Why not? - Differing agendas.
Hayley : The cops serve and protect the city. I serve and protect me.
Castle : Fine, no cops.
Alexis : Dad, what happened to Beckett?
Castle : She's hurt and she's on the run.
Alexis : - From whom? - I don't know.
Castle : It has something to do with a man she's with.
Hayley : What man?