UNK: No. No, no, no, no. Forget it. I got nothing to say to you.
UNK: Oh, tough!
Castle : I know Beckett was here, and I know why.
UNK: So you're gonna call off your dogs right now.
UNK: Or what? You're gonna write something mean about me?
UNK: I'm gonna start a scholarship in your name,
Castle : and offer it to the children of the first inmate
Castle : who shanks you in the prison laundry.
UNK: You'd be wasting your money.
Castle : Oh, forgive me if I don't take your word for it.
Castle : What's so funny?
UNK: You.
Bracken : You come in here all on fire about your wife.
Bracken : You don't even know who she is.
Bracken : Sixteen years, Kate Beckett's been obsessed
Bracken : with solving her mother's murder.
Bracken : You really think she can turn off that kind of obsession?
Castle : Are you saying this is her fault?
UNK: I'm saying she's never gonna be happy just being Mrs. Castle.
Bracken : She needs to tilt at windmills.
Bracken : It's in her DNA. Like a moth to the flame.
Bracken : And we all know what happens to the moth in the end.
UNK: Get out of here.
Ryan : Hey, storage unit was rented with a stolen ID.
Ryan : Who do we know that's been chasing those?
Esposito : Hayley Shipton.
Ryan : She must have a list of all stolen IDs in that bundle.
Ryan : Used it to track our shooters here.
Esposito : And to convince Castle to run with her instead of us.
UNK: What the hell is he thinking?
Esposito : He's not. He's reacting. Trying whatever he can to find Beckett.
UNK: It's gonna get him killed.
Ryan : Look at all this stuff. It's all next-gen weaponry.
UNK: Piston-driven, tricked out with thermal scopes, sound suppressors.
Esposito : Probably some kind of professional hit squad or something.
Ryan : Yeah, but who's paying them? And how do they connect to Beckett?
Ryan : ID sketch from the dry cleaner's came back.
Ryan : The guy running with Beckett...
UNK: Let's priority-one this through the system.
Esposito : And hope that an ID on this guy gets us some clarity.
Aj : Keep walking. Head for the blue van.
Castle : Just the person I was looking for.
Aj : You know, most people react differently to a gun in their side.
Castle : Yeah, well, this sort of thing happens to me a lot.
Castle : So I was just in there visiting with your boss.
Castle : I don't know how much he's paying you, but it can't be worth your life.
Aj : You really have no idea what's going on, do you?
Castle : So enlighten me.
UNK: Not myjob.
Aj : Open it.
UNK: Oh!
Aj : Sleep well.
Alexis : Dad's missing. we have to find him.
Hayley : Whoa, whoa. whoa.
Esposito : Slow down. What are you talking about?
Alexis : I've been tracking his cell phone on the sly.
Alexis : That way, if he ever disappeared again, I'd know.
Alexis : And an hour ago, his phone suddenly went dead.
UNK: Okay, maybe the batteryjust died.
Alexis : - No. Not with where he went. - And where is that?
Alexis : Winterkill Correctional. I tracked Beckett there earlier.
Esposito : Winterkill! That's where Bracken is.
Alexis : He's connected to this somehow. That's why Dad went to see him.
Ryan : Without telling us. But I bet Hayley went along, huh?
Alexis : Yeah, but when I called her, she said she left him at the prison.
UNK: Hasn't heard from him since.
Ryan : I'll reach out to the prison. Get their external surveillance feed.
UNK: AII right.
Alexis : - Where are you going? - To get Hayley.
Aj : You can quit faking. The dose I gave you wore off by now.
Castle : Well, you can't blame a guy for trying.
UNK: You might wanna try something a little more original
Aj : than the trick Derrick Storm pulled in Storm Fall.
UNK: You've read my books?
UNK: Lot of downtime in my line ofwork.
UNK: Your earlier stuffwas better.
Aj : You got soft once you met the skirt.
Castle : - Everyone's a critic. - Sit.
UNK: Ouch.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Ow!
Castle : Can't help but think you've done this before.