Monica : Are you okay?
UNK: Me? I'm great!
UNK: I'm fine! I'm so good!
UNK: But you know who's not great?
UNK: Men!
UNK: You're a man, right, Ross?
Monica : Sit down.
Rachel : Let me ask you something.
Rachel : Do wedding vows mean squat to you people?
Rachel : Why is it that the second we tell you we are going out of town...
UNK: bam, there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog-walker?
UNK: We're sorry.
Rachel : No, seriously. Seriously. What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
UNK: -Didn't you spend last night at Joey's? -What are you, a detective?
UNK: I don't know what's going on with you and your husband...
Ross : and what is hopefully an adult dog-walker.
Ross : Look, can I just say, not all men are like that.
UNK: There are men who'll do anything to make their marriage work.
UNK: Men who will stand by and watch...
UNK: as their wives engage in what can only be described as a "twosome"...
UNK: with some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Rachel : Who are these men?
UNK: Just men. A guy I know.
Rachel : Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife...
Rachel : is gay.
Ross : She is not...
UNK: She's gay.
Monica : Oh, my God.
Ross : She is so gay!
UNK: I can't believe this.
Rachel : Good day for married people, huh?
UNK: I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
UNK: I'm sorry your wife is gay.
UNK: I guess women aren't that great either.
Ross : Try telling my wife that.
Chandler : Okay to come in?
UNK: Come in, eat, whatever you want.
Monica : Dr. Roger got beeped again.
Chandler : Yeah, I know. Guess who beeped him.
UNK: I'm the ruptured spleen.
Monica : Why would you do that?
UNK: Because you shouldn't be with him.
Chandler : You should be with me.
UNK: Really?
Chandler : When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me.
Chandler : Things like last night, they don't just happen.
UNK: At least not to me. I mean, with the other two women...
UNK: in the morning, I couldn't wait to go hang out with my friends.
Chandler : But with you...
UNK: I was, you know, already with a friend.
UNK: You probably don't want to go out with me.
UNK: I make too many jokes, I've never been in a serious relationship...
UNK: and I'm not technically a "doctor."
Monica : There was just one woman, wasn't there?
Chandler : No, there were two.
Monica : -Including me? -Oh, yeah.
UNK: It only takes two heart attacks To finally make you see
UNK: One of them won't do it But the second will set you free
UNK: Tell all your hate and anger It's time to say goodbye
UNK: And that is just what I will do
UNK: Soon as those bastards I worked for Die