UNK: Hey, wait a second. Bardot's tactical gear.
Beckett : We didn't find it in his dorm room.
Ortiz : No, we put lockers in so they could keep it here.
Beckett : - And which locker is Bardot's? - Seven.
Ortiz : Am I witnessing one of Kate Beckett's famous hunches?
Ryan : The lab couldn't pull any prints off that blue index card.
Ryan : Got our handwriting expert
UNK: comparing against samples from the other suspects,
Ryan : but he's not optimistic, given the block letters.
Esposito : - Is that Beckett? - Yeah.
UNK: Let me holler at her. Beckett.
Esposito : Hey, you remember that phone call that Bardot made
Esposito : to that Midtown law firm on the day he died?
Esposito : Yeah. I went over there. Only nobody remembers the call.
Esposito : So without more to go on, Iooks like a dead end.
Esposito : Yeah, I'll keep you posted.
Esposito : Beckett's not here.
Esposito : She's at the Police Academy working a high-profile murder.
Esposito : One of the recruit officers was killed.
Castle : That's a little close to home. Are these the suspects?
Esposito : Yeah, and three more recruits just alibied out.
Castle : Your victim was killed by a fellow recruit?
Esposito : Appears so.
Esposito : And word is, these four were watching
Esposito : the fights at a local boxing gym at the time of the murder.
UNK: But that alibi is soft.
Ryan : Hey, just spoke with Liz from Vice.
UNK: The boxing gym is a notorious hotspot for illegal steroids.
UNK: Rumor has it that one of the trainers was dealing to a cop at the Academy.
Castle : So, the victim, Bardot, stumbled onto a dirty cop.
Ryan : Well, that would explain the threatening note,
UNK: "Dead men tell no tales."
Castle : But Bardot wouldn't back down, so the cop kills him.
UNK: What was the name of the trainer that was dealing?
UNK: Arthur Stinson. Today is not your lucky day.
Esposito : It's actually the complete opposite ofyour lucky day.
UNK: Arthur Stenson : Look, man, I don't know what people have been telling you,
UNK: Arthur Stenson : but I don't sell drugs.
UNK: Oh, really? 'Cause that's exactly what they've been telling us.
Esposito : And the stash that we found hidden
UNK: in the false bottom ofyour locker confirms it.
Ryan : So here's the deal.
Ryan : We say nice things about you to the DA,
Ryan : maybe get you a suspended sentence,
UNK: ifyou give up that cop you've been dealing to at the Academy.
UNK: But I can't.
Ryan : Well, I guess we're done here, then. Say hi to the jury for us.
Arthur : I can't because we've never met.
UNK: AII right, look.
UNK: The cop puts cash in a locker. I pick it up, I leave the drugs. That's it.
UNK: So how do you know that you're dealing to a police officer?
Arthur : The buyer only arranges pickups on Police Appreciation Nights.
Arthur : The NYPD doesn't pay a cover, the gym's crawling with cops.
Ryan : How does the buyer contact you?
Arthur : They shove an index card in my locker.
Arthur : Note says when they want delivery.
Ryan : Hold on, a blue index card?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : I think I know how Beckett can smoke out our killer.
Beckett : The thing about interviewing a suspect is you have to find what works for you.
Beckett : Your own personal style.
Beckett : Now, some people Iike good cop/bad cop.
Beckett : Others like bad cop/worse cop.
Beckett : But choosing just one method is a mistake.
Beckett : Every suspect is different.
Beckett : And sometimes you don't know how you're gonna go at them
Beckett : until they start talking.
Beckett : Because you only get one shot in interrogation.
Beckett : And if you screw it up, a killer might walk free.
Beckett : So I want to try something.
Beckett : I need a volunteer.
Beckett : Yeah. Lopez.
Beckett : Right over here.
UNK: Ms. Lopez, thank you for coming in.
Lopez : Anything I can do to help the NYPD.
Beckett : So, a crime was committed last night and your name was mentioned.
UNK: I was wondering ifyou could tell me where you were.
Lopez : Sure. I went to the fights over at Harry's Gym.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. You go alone?
UNK: No. Takata, Chambers, Decker, we all went.
UNK: Did you have anything to drink?
Lopez : Yeah. we had a few drinks.
Beckett : - How many? - I don't remember.
Lopez : What's in the bag?
Beckett : - Why? - I don't know.
Lopez : You put it on the table, must mean something.
Beckett : Decker, take her place.
UNK: Was Ms. Lopez telling the truth? Were you out last night?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And were the four of you out together all night?
Beckett : Don't look at them. Look at me.
Beckett : Were the four of you together all night watching the fight?
UNK: No. Uh, Lopez and Takata left early.
Decker : Chambers was still there when I left, which was right before the last fight.
Beckett : Do you know what a PED is?
UNK: Yeah. It's a performance-enhancing drug.
Beckett : Chambers, take Decker's place.
UNK: Chambers. Chambers!
Esposito : Where are you running to, recruit?