Ryan : If Bardot loaded it,
Ryan : then he had to have been the one who stole it from the Academy.
Ryan : So he was shot with his own gun?
Esposito : Question is, what was he doing with it out there in the first place?
Beckett : The Academy is a stressful place. Plenty of pressures here.
Beckett : Especially since one mistake can put a stink on an entire cop career.
Beckett : Like, uh, getting caught fraternizing with another recruit.
UNK: Are you gonna have me booted?
UNK: No.
Beckett : But I need you to be on the up and up with me from now on.
UNK: Of course. Anything you wanna know.
Beckett : Officer Bardot leveraged Chambers for five grand.
UNK: Apparently, he needed that money urgently.
Beckett : Do you know why?
Decker : No. No clue.
Decker : I swear.
Decker : Look, the truth is, Danny was hiding something from me.
UNK: He had been going out at night the last few nights,
Decker : which was really unlike him.
Decker : He'd slip into my room late, said he'd been out for a midnightjog.
Decker : But, I mean, I knew that was total BS
Decker : because when he came in, he wasn't tired, he wasn't sweaty.
Decker : Just always smelled like rotten fish.
Castle : - Really? - Yeah, it was weird.
Decker : I asked him about it.
UNK: He said he accidentally stepped in garbage on his run.
UNK: But ifthat was the case, then...
Beckett : Then why did he smell Iike rotten fish every night?
UNK: - Sweet and pungent shrimp? - Where from?
Ryan : Chinatown, across the street from the back-alley computer repair shop
Ryan : where Bardot was dropped
Ryan : with five grand burning a hole in his pocket.
Beckett : What was he doing there?
Ryan : Owner refused to talk when I showed her his photo.
Ryan : So I looked into her.
Ryan : Word is she deals in black market
Ryan : software and hardware.
Ryan : Bardot may have bought something from her.
Beckett : I wonder why.
Beckett : Let's get Bardot's laptop to Vikram, have him run a deeper search.
UNK: AII right.
Esposito : Yo, Decker's tip on Bardot's shoes paid off.
Esposito : The lab identified wild Scottish salmon scales on the soles.
Esposito : And only three fish markets import wild Scottish salmon.
Beckett : That's the same neighborhood as the crime scene.
UNK: And apparently, Bardot went there on consecutive nights.
Esposito : We'll canvass the fish market,
UNK: see ifwe can figure out what he was up to.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You were right.
Castle : I uncovered the real reason I had my memories erased.
Castle : And it's bad.
Castle : I knew about LokSat a year and a half ago.
Castle : Before your AG team was murdered.
Castle : Before Vikram sought you out
UNK: and the hit squads came gunning.
Castle : Beckett, this was on me before it was on you.
Beckett : You knew about LokSat?
UNK: Everything?
Beckett : Including their connection to Bracken?
Beckett : And you chose to forget this? why?
Castle : For reasons you know all too well.
Castle : I was trying to protect you.
Beckett : From who?
Castle : From yourself.
Esposito : Hey, Captain.
UNK: Uh, we found something you need to see.
Beckett : I'll be right there.
Beckett : I need time to process this.
Beckett : What is it?
UNK: Well, we found street-cam footage of Bardot before he was killed.
Ryan : This is Bardot an hour before he was murdered.
Ryan : Walking past the fish market, which is right across the alley
Ryan : from a lingerie wholesaler.
Ryan : It's a known front for Jack Flanagan,
UNK: aka "Lucky Jack."
Ryan : He's the Mafia boss who runs Hunts Point.
Beckett : Bardot grew up in Hunts Point.
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : The law firm that Bardot contacted,
Esposito : they represent Jack Flanagan.
Ryan : Bardot was communicating to Flanagan
Ryan : through a third party so it couldn't be traced.
Esposito : And it gets better. Show her.
Ryan : Our victim was in league with the Irish Mafia.
UNK: Flanagan must've planted Bardot in the NYPD as his mole.