Flanagan : when he left, this car started down the street.
Flanagan : Now, for a minute, I thought maybe he was being tailed.
Flanagan : It was a dark sedan.
Flanagan : Now, that's it, that's it. I swear.
Decker : What do you think?
Beckett : He's telling the truth.
Beckett : Stand down.
Beckett : Stand down.
UNK: Well, look at that.
Flanagan : You are more like me than you know.
UNK: You are a hot mess.
UNK: I take it that your talk with Beckett Iast night went well.
Castle : Less of a discussion, more of an Irish intervention.
Hayley : So you just sat around drinking whiskey and avoiding the subject.
Castle : Yes. But I can tell she's still upset with me.
Castle : She left this morning without waking me.
Hayley : So, what do you plan on doing about that?
UNK: Nothing.
Hayley : Well, that has to be the stupidest thing I've heard all day.
UNK: I'm holding on to the thin hope
Castle : that Beckett can find it in her heart to forgive me.
Hayley : Rick, come on, stop moping about and go do something about it.
Castle : What? Have Beckett's memory wiped?
Hayley : No, we track down LokSat.
Hayley : Our west Coast adventure yielded fruit.
UNK: We have a window oftime in which LokSat arrived in LA.
UNK: Ifwe scrub the identities of everyone
Hayley : who landed in any area airport, be it public or private,
Hayley : then sooner or later we'll find our target.
UNK: I can start now. Say the word.
Castle : I'm not making any more decisions concerning LokSat without Beckett.
Hayley : Now, that is the smartest thing I've heard all day.
UNK: Oh, so sorry. Okay, I'll get more aspirin.
Beckett : You are not quitting.
Decker : I'm unfit to be a cop, Captain.
UNK: Ifyou hadn't talked me down back there...
Decker : I had every intention of pulling that trigger.
Beckett : But you didn't.
Beckett : You regained your wits.
Beckett : You made the right decision, and that's what counts.
Beckett : There was a point in my career where I wanted to quit.
Beckett : I lost faith that I became a cop for the right reason.
UNK: How'd you get your faith back?
Beckett : A man named Roy Montgomery helped me. He was my captain.
Beckett : He didn't give up on me.
Beckett : And I'm not giving up on you.
Beckett : So don't let your father define who you are.
UNK: I've been trying to outrun him my entire life.
Decker : I'm tired of running.
UNK: I'm gonna head back to the Academy. Clean out my room.
UNK: Decker is quitting.
Ortiz : Always disappointing.
Ortiz : It happens.
Beckett : No, not to recruits like her. Not on my watch.
Esposito : Ryan, check this out.
Esposito : Flanagan was telling the truth.
Esposito : Street cam caught this.
Ryan : Dark sedan that was following Bardot after he left Flanagan's.
Ryan : Can't make out the driver, though.
Esposito : But you can make out the plate.
Ryan : Who is this registered to?
Esposito : It's one of ours.
Esposito : Issued to the Police Academy Motor Pool.
Ortiz : Oh, come on, Beckett, just because she's got good scores
Ortiz : doesn't mean she'll make a good cop.
Beckett : I'd put her on the street before any of the other recruits I met.
UNK: Hey, Espo, what do you got?
UNK: Okay. who is the car registered to?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Thanks for the update.
Ortiz : Everything all right?
Beckett : Put your weapon down. Now.
Ortiz : You lost your damn mind, Beckett? What are you doing?
Beckett : Damn it, Ortiz, don't make this harder than it needs to be.
Beckett : I know what you did.
UNK: Wait, you think I killed Bardot?
Beckett : You suspected that Bardot was working for Flanagan, so you followed him.
Beckett : And then when you found out he was a mole,
Beckett : you took him out.
Ortiz : Where are you getting this?
Beckett : We tracked your service vehicle.
Ortiz : I haven't used that car for days.