Ryan : You don't want to miss the rest of the Captain's lecture, do you?
Ryan : Turn over.
Beckett : - Ready to earn some extra credit? - I want a lawyer.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you better get a good one.
Beckett : Juries don't like cop killers.
Chambers : Wait, you think I popped Bardot?
Beckett : We found a stack of identical cards in your dorm room desk.
UNK: Lawyer.
Beckett : You sent that to Bardot because
UNK: he found out that you were dealing drugs.
Chambers : - Lawyer! - Fine.
Beckett : You want in on a bet?
Chambers : - On what? - On you.
Beckett : You're not cooperating, so I'm taking protective custody off the table.
Beckett : And a bunch of us are wagering on how long you're gonna last
Beckett : once the inmates find out that you're a cop.
UNK: I'm guessing under 12 hours.
UNK: And I'm feeling real lucky right now.
UNK: Wait.
Chambers : - Can I make a deal? - Depends.
Beckett : Start talking.
Chambers : Look, the fights didn't let out until after Bardot was murdered.
Chambers : Witnesses can verify I was there.
Beckett : So why did you threaten him?
Chambers : Bardot caught me with my stash the morning he was killed.
Chambers : I sent the note hoping to keep him from ratting me out.
Chambers : Only Bardot wasn't intimidated.
Chambers : But he offered a deal. Five grand for his silence.
Chambers : Apparently, he was desperate for cash.
Chambers : So I paid up, and he flagged a cab to the city.
Beckett : And why did he need the money so urgently?
Chambers : - Beats me. - Nah.
UNK: You're gonna have to do better than that.
Decker : I don't know!
Chambers : But if anyone does, it'd be his girlfriend.
UNK: Okay. Does this girlfriend have a name?
Chambers : Recruit Officer Decker.
Beckett : I used to come here between classes, too.
Beckett : I always enjoyed the extra practice.
Beckett : Except a mannequin doesn't resist arrest.
Decker : I got it, Captain. Thanks.
Beckett : Show me.
Beckett : - Can I make a suggestion? - I tripped, okay? I got it.
Beckett : Shut up and listen, recruit. You might actually learn something.
UNK: Come on, turn around.
Beckett : Now, the fact that you're a woman is an advantage.
Beckett : Especially over men.
UNK: We have a lower center of gravity.
Beckett : So, use it.
Beckett : Drop into your hips and then pull him past the tipping point, got it?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Once the chest goes through, the rest will follow.
Beckett : Try it?
UNK: AII right.
Beckett : Good. You're a quick study.
Decker : Thanks, Captain.
UNK: We got the murder weapon.
Esposito : Dumpster diver found it buried in a bag of garbage.
Esposito : The gun was wiped clean, but not the rounds and the magazine.
Esposito : Check this out, the prints are a match to Bardot's.