UNK: Someone killed the security cameras in the weapons room
UNK: between 7 : 30 and 7 : 35 last night.
Malone : At that hour, it's mainly recruits who are left in the building.
UNK: AII faculty resides off campus.
UNK: And only members of Company 38 have access to that weapons cage.
Beckett : So our killer is one of Bardot's fellow recruits.
UNK: Fourteen suspects who eat, drink and sleep
UNK: police training and techniques.
UNK: Dave Chambers : Captain on deck.
UNK: Who have spent months learning how we catch killers.
UNK: Which makes them uniquely equipped to plan a murder.
UNK: So we are gonna have to use every trick in the book
UNK: to uncover who killed Daniel Bardot.
Beckett : At ease, officers. Take a seat.
UNK: Company 38, this is Captain Beckett of the 12th Precinct.
Ortiz : Because of last night's tragic event,
Ortiz : she will be joining us today as a special guest instructor.
Ortiz : Respect her, or your ass will meet my boot.
Beckett : Thank you, Sergeant.
Beckett : First of all, let me assure you
Beckett : that I have the best NYPD detectives
UNK: Iooking into Officer Bardot's murder.
Beckett : That being said, this is not going to be the last time
UNK: that you lose one ofyour coworkers.
Beckett : That is a reality of this job.
Beckett : The temptation is going to be to remain stoic in the face of adversity,
Beckett : to lock up your emotions so as not to appear weak.
Beckett : That is a mistake.
Beckett : Avoid that temptation at all costs.
UNK: Trust me, I have been at the edge of that map, and monsters lie there.
Beckett : Now, look around.
Beckett : This is your team.
UNK: No one is gonna understand what you are feeling
Beckett : Better than the woman or man sitting next to you.
Beckett : So use them.
Beckett : Officer Chambers.
Beckett : I'm very sorry about the loss ofyour fellow recruit.
Beckett : How do you feel?
Chambers : The city lost a great cop, ma'am.
Chambers : We should all aspire to be a guardian ofjustice like he was.
Beckett : Is that a PR statement for the Post?
UNK: One ofyour brothers was gunned down. I asked you how you felt.
UNK: Jane Lopez : We feel pissed off, Captain.
UNK: Steve Takata : Yeah. Set us loose.
UNK: Steve Takata : Let us track down the son of a bitch who did this.
Beckett : Well, Officer Decker already volunteered her services
Beckett : for that very role.
Decker : The offer still stands, Captain.
Decker : And frankly, I didn't become a cop to get in touch with my feelings.
Decker : I'm here because bad people exist in the world.
Decker : And I can't wait to start putting them in prison, where they belong.
UNK: AII right. Get ready for your training session.
Ortiz : I just checked the front gate log.
Ortiz : Ten of the recruits were off campus at the time of Bardot's murder.
UNK: AII right, well, these three all have the same hand stamp.
Beckett : The club across the street had a sign from last night offering karaoke.
UNK: So I'm gonna have my detectives run these photos over there,
UNK: but I'm guessing they're gonna alibi out.
Ortiz : - Leaving these seven. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You know, ifword gets out that these recruits are suspects,
Ortiz : it'll haunt their careers.
Ortiz : Even if proved innocent.
Beckett : Well, then, we need to keep it to a tight circle.
UNK: So what's the next move?
Beckett : Well, I think it's a safe bet that if one these seven killed Bardot,
Beckett : it was their first murder.
Beckett : And unless they're a complete psychopath,
Beckett : which the psych eval would have revealed,
UNK: then they spent a long, dark night of the soul.
Beckett : Reliving the recoil of the gun,
Beckett : and the knife cutting into Bardot's body to get that bullet out.
Ortiz : Meaning what?
Beckett : Meaning they're on a razor's edge.
Beckett : And I want to put them in a high-stress simulation
Beckett : and watch them shoot a gun.
UNK: Lopez, Takata, you're up.