Beckett : For all we know, he's been grooming Bardot
Beckett : since he was a kid in the old neighborhood.
UNK: But what I don't get is if Bardot was working for Flanagan,
Ryan : why did Bardot bring a gun to the meeting?
UNK: Protection.
Beckett : Ortiz said that Bardot was looking to set something right.
Beckett : He had second thoughts about being a mole for Flanagan.
Beckett : And then Flanagan killed him for it.
Castle : I was trying to protect you.
Beckett : From who?
Castle : From yourself.
Ryan : Bardot's computer.
Ryan : Vikram found a hidden folder
Ryan : that contains every NYPD file of Flanagan and his crew.
UNK: Surveillance photos, wire taps, Cis,
Beckett : everything that Flanagan would need to stay one step ahead of the police.
Esposito : But how did Bardot hack into the NYPD's secure network?
Esposito : It's hardwired into select department computers.
Beckett : Including the computer
Beckett : in Commissioner Malone's office at the Academy.
Beckett : Bardot must have snuck into Malone's office,
Beckett : used a portable password cracker on it.
Beckett : That's what he got at the black market
Beckett : with the five grand he squeezed out of Chambers.
Ryan : Flanagan used Bardot to get these files.
Ryan : After he got them, turned on his own mole.
UNK: Bardot must've seen the double-cross coming.
Esposito : He pulled his gun, they fought, Flanagan got the upper hand,
UNK: then he shot Bardot in the back.
UNK: AII right, let's dig into Flanagan. See ifwe can corroborate this.
Ryan : - Want us to pick him up? - Nope, not yet.
Beckett : I'm going to have a sit-down with Lucky Jack.
Beckett : See if I can rattle his cage.
Beckett : So you deny that Bardot supplied you with confidential NYPD files?
UNK: Jack Flanagan : Absolutely, with prejudice.
UNK: Jack Flanagan : That kid came in here looking for a job as a lingerie salesman.
Beckett : Bardot was working for you.
Beckett : And I'm going to prove that you killed him.
Flanagan : Twenty years.
Flanagan : Twenty years you guys have been coming in here
Flanagan : with all these accusations against ol' Lucky Jack.
UNK: Your problem is that none ofyou ever followed up with the proof.
UNK: So,
Flanagan : unless you're here to buy a pair of crotchless panties
Flanagan : for that special someone in your life,
Flanagan : I suggest you grab your hat and your books,
Flanagan : and you get the hell out of my store.
Beckett : See, that's how I know I'm gonna take you down.
Beckett : It's the cocky ones that are the easiest.
Beckett : You're so busy being clever,
Beckett : you don't see the matchstick falling out ofyour pocket.
Beckett : Well, I'm going to find that matchstick.
UNK: And then, I'm gonna burn you with it.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : How did we end up here again?
Beckett : You lie to protect me, I lie to protect you.
UNK: I'm not gonna yell.
Beckett : Or throw around blame.
Castle : You know, the novelist, George Sand,
Castle : who was a woman, by the way, once wrote,
UNK: "Lying, like license..."
UNK: Castle, can you do me a favor?
UNK: Anything.
Beckett : Stop talking.
UNK: So ifwe're not talking, what are we doing?
UNK: Captain!
UNK: Captain.
Esposito : Looks like Jack Flanagan's reach
Esposito : goes deeper inside the Academy than just Bardot.
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Ryan : One of the recruits went to college on a scholarship
Ryan : awarded by a trust created by Flanagan's law firm.
Ryan : Now, that scholarship was financed by Flanagan himself.
Beckett : So Flanagan has a second mole in the police academy? who?
UNK: I am not his mole, okay? Neither was Danny.
Beckett : We found the police files that he hacked and then handed over to Flanagan.
Decker : Oh, no.
Decker : No, no, no.
UNK: Danny must've made a deal in order to save me.
Beckett : Save you from what?
Decker : The man that knocked up my mother.
Beckett : You're Flanagan's daughter.
UNK: A one-night stand does not make him a parent.
Decker : It makes him a donor.
Beckett : You took his blood money.
UNK: He and my mother had an arrangement.
UNK: Staying quiet on my paternity in exchange for monthly payouts to her,
UNK: and a college fund for me. But that was it.
Beckett : Then why did Bardot need to save you?
UNK: A few weeks ago, Flanagan found out that I had joined the Academy.
UNK: He demanded that I be his inside woman, his mole.
UNK: Threatened to out me as his daughter if I didn't.
UNK: Ruin my entire career before it even began.
Beckett : 'Cause no cop will ever trust Lucky Jack's kid.
Decker : I panicked.
Decker : I ended up opening up to Danny.
Decker : He was the one that talked me off the ledge.
Decker : Told me that Flanagan was bluffing.
UNK: I had no idea that he was gonna offer himself up in my place.
Decker : What do I do, Captain?
Beckett : There is only one move that you can make.
UNK: Do you wanna arrest Bardot's killer? Bring down Flanagan?
Beckett : Something the NYPD hasn't done for 20 years?
Beckett : You're the one person Flanagan might open up to.
Beckett : You need to wear a wire.