Beckett : Hi, Deputy Commissioner Malone, I'm Captain Kate Beckett.
UNK: Captain, nice to finally meet you.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : You're a bit of a legend around these parts.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : Recruits have been gunning for your records
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : since I got here five years ago.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : - So far no one's gotten close. - Yeah, well, they will.
Beckett : Every record falls in the end.
Malone : Here's Bardot's file.
Malone : I've assigned his instructor, Sergeant Ortiz, to be your liaison.
Malone : - You know Sergeant Ortiz? - Yeah, I do.
Beckett : He was my instructor when I was here.
UNK: His tough love is the reason my name is on all of those plaques out there.
Malone : - Come in, Sergeant. - Thank you, sir.
UNK: Sergeant Ortiz : - Captain Beckett. - It's so good to see you, Sergeant.
Beckett : So, what can you tell me about Daniel Bardot?
Malone : He was an admirable kid. Got a rough start in life.
Malone : His parents were killed in a robbery when he was nine.
UNK: It's not surprising when you grow up in Hunts Point.
Beckett : The Irish Mafia's backyard.
Beckett : There's not a lot of good cops coming out of that dirty furnace.
UNK: You don't have to tell me.
UNK: I went toe-to-toe with that hood, "Lucky Jack" Flanagan,
UNK: Iong before I was teaching you.
UNK: We never could make a charge stick on that guy.
UNK: Bardot must've had a lot offortitude to make it all the way over here.
Ortiz : He was definitely driven.
Ortiz : But he also had a tendency to let emotion get the best of him.
Ortiz : He'd rush into situations without thinking.
UNK: And it'd gotten worse the last few days.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Ortiz : He kept fumbling a tactical drill he usually aced,
Ortiz : so I pulled him aside and confronted him.
UNK: He said he'd screwed something up in his personal life
UNK: and didn't know what to do.
UNK: I told him to cowboy up and set it right.
Ortiz : Now I'm thinking he died trying to do just that.
UNK: You didn't tellKate whathappenedin Los Angeles?
UNK: Hayley Shipton : - You chickened out. - I did not chicken out, all right?
Castle : I was interrupted.
UNK: And now I'm wondering whether it was a sign from the universe.
UNK: What?
Hayley : The universe sent your mother? To tell you what?
UNK: To take my own advice.
UNK: I am erasing ourmindfora reason.
UNK: To protectKate.
Hayley : Okay. Enough. Go and talk to your wife.
Castle : If I hadn't wiped my memory,
Castle : Beckett's friends at the AG's office might still be alive.
Castle : What if she can't forgive me?
Hayley : That decision's not yours to make, Rick.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Bardot's room is huge compared to the one I lived in.
Ryan : Thing was barely a closet.
Esposito : Yeah, I never really bunked on campus.
Esposito : I got enough of communal living when I was in the army.
Esposito : Besides, you can't really bring
UNK: Rachel Decker : What are you doing in here?
Esposito : Investigating a homicide. who are you?
Decker : Recruit Officer Rachel Decker.
Esposito : - Did you know Daniel Bardot? - Yes, sir.
Decker : He was in my training company.
Esposito : Do you know what he was doing last night?
Decker : No, sir. we invited him to go out with us, but he begged off.
UNK: Sir, ifthere's any way I can help with this investigation, I want in.
Ortiz : You forget your place, Decker?
Ortiz : You're not even a lowly uniform.
Ortiz : What could you possibly offer these distinguished detectives?
UNK: Insight.
UNK: - Did you train alongside Officer Bardot? - Yes, ma'am.
Beckett : So you forged a bond with him against the evil Sergeant Ortiz.
Beckett : Which means you have information on Bardot that his higher-ups do not.
Beckett : - Is that correct, recruit? - Yes.
UNK: So then tell me, what was he struggling with?
Beckett : What did he need to set right?
Decker : I don't know. Sorry.
UNK: Way to face-plant in front of a superior, Decker.
Ortiz : This is Captain Beckett.
Decker : - Captain, I... - You're dismissed, recruit.
Beckett : - That was a little harsh, don't you think? - I do not.
Ortiz : Being put in her place is exactly what Decker needs.
Ortiz : She's the real deal.
Ortiz : Her name could very well be on all your trophies
Ortiz : by the time she's done here.
Ortiz : But she desperately needs to learn a little humility.
Beckett : Lanie, you find anything in the autopsy?
Lanie : I did. The bullet broke up when it hit a rib.
Lanie : Bardot's killer didn't get all the pieces.
Lanie : I managed to pull a small fragment from a kidney.
UNK: I got a ballistics match.
UNK: The .9 mm that fired, it is in the database.
Lanie : Kate, it's NYPD.
Lanie : Registered to the Academy.
Ryan : The murder weapon is missing from the weapons cage
Ryan : assigned to Bardot's company, Company 38.
UNK: Lock on the CCTV security closet was jimmied open.