UNK: AII right, you get into trouble, what are you gonna say?
Decker : - Decker? - What?
Beckett : - Panic phrase? - Oh, uh...
Decker : I could really use a drink right now. Do you have any Scotch?
Beckett : Exactly. You say that, we're gonna rush in.
UNK: You're gonna be fine.
Beckett : Okay. Okay.
Esposito : You really think she's ready for this, Captain?
Esposito : Not everybody is as strong as you.
UNK: Bloodline be damned, if Flanagan makes her,
Ryan : he won't hesitate to put a bullet in her skull.
Beckett : She can handle this.
Beckett : Come on, come on. You got it.
Flanagan : The prodigal daughter returns.
Castle : You know, I am a bitsurprised to see you,
UNK: considering the last time we spoke,
Flanagan : I think you told me to screw myself, right?
Flanagan : Why am I blessed with your presence on this day, huh?
Flanagan : Come on, speak up, child.
Beckett : You got it, nice and slow.
UNK: Speak.
Castle : You know, it didn't have to playout this way.
Decker : It was one thing to ask me to be your rat.
Decker : When the man I loved volunteered and delivered...
Decker : Why did you kill Danny?
Flanagan : It's funny.
Flanagan : You're the second lady cop,
Flanagan : in as many days,
Flanagan : to stand there and accuse me of said crime.
Flanagan : - Funny. - Damn it, she's made.
UNK: They're gonna smoke her, Captain.
Decker : I'm not afraid of you anymore.
Beckett : Where the hell did she get a gun?
Decker : Now, admit to killing Danny or I will end you!
Flanagan : Look, I had nothing to do with your boyfriend's murder.
Decker : For once in your miserable life, own up to what you did.
Flanagan : I'm not lying.
Decker : I don't believe you.
Ryan : - NYPD! - Police.
UNK: Decker, look at me. I said, look at me!
Beckett : You can take him down.
Beckett : Just not like this. You are not him.
Beckett : Put the gun down.
Decker : As soon as you start telling the truth.
Flanagan : Come on, Captain, do something.
Beckett : Flanagan, start talking!
UNK: Okay.
Flanagan : Your boyfriend, uh, has a set of balls on him.