Ortiz : I lent it to...
Beckett : Come on.
Beckett : Don't move.
Beckett : You got it?
Beckett : So it was you, Malone?
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Why didn't you just turn Bardot over to IA?
Malone : I couldn't.
Malone : Not after what he found.
Beckett : Your office computer.
Beckett : He found something when he hacked into it.
Malone : Caught my hand in the cookie jar.
Malone : Forty years I protected this city.
Malone : And the thanks I got,
Malone : three busted marriages and a mountain of debt.
UNK: I took what I was owed.
Beckett : It doesn't have to end like this.
Malone : Actually, it does.
UNK: I'm gonna draw him away.
Beckett : Just give up, Malone. My detectives are onto you.
UNK: No.
Malone : They're onto Ortiz.
Ryan : Damn it.
Beckett : So what are you going to do, Malone?
Beckett : Kill me and stage it like Ortiz did it?
Beckett : Say you shot him in self-defense?
Malone : Good plan, huh?
UNK: Probably give me a medal.
UNK: Peekaboo.
UNK: Sarge,
UNK: I thought we finally got rid ofyou.
UNK: Oh, it's gonna take more than a bullet to put me down for the long dirt nap.
Esposito : Well, you best heal up quick.
Esposito : Got a new batch of recruits coming in a few weeks.
UNK: AII right, Sarge, we'll get you out of here. Medic.
Beckett : - Thanks. - Yeah.
Beckett : Hey, how're you holding up?
Decker : We caught Danny's killer, but Lucky Jack Flanagan's still free.
Beckett : Yeah, well, his time will come.
Beckett : Stay with the NYPD, and you can help with that.
UNK: But you can't do this ifyou go it alone.
UNK: Do you wanna be a cop or not?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : I can't do this anymore.
Castle : Good. Neither can I.
Beckett : Wait, what are you talking about?
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Beckett : - I asked first. - And I asked second.
Castle : So you should answer first, I'll answer second.
Beckett : - Castle. - Okay.
Castle : I can't sit on the sidelines anymore where LokSat is concerned. I...
Castle : People have lost their lives.
Castle : And in a way, I am culpable.
Castle : And I know you're trying to protect me.
UNK: But I'm begging you not to. I want in.
Beckett : Good, because I need you in.
Beckett : This is our fight now.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Okay, then there's something you should know.
UNK: That mystery bullet wound I got when I disappeared?
Castle : I was shot in Los Angeles.
Castle : Two hours before I took that bullet,
Castle : LokSat came to town, arriving by plane.
Beckett : Uh... Okay. There are three major airports,
Beckett : along with dozens of private ones in the Los Angeles area.
Beckett : We're talking tens of thousands of people.
Beckett : But maybe Vikram can whittle that number down.
Castle : We're looking for a needle in a stack of needles.
Castle : But LokSat is one of those needles.
Castle : What do you say, Beckett?
Castle : It's a place to start.
Beckett : No. This is.