Chase : I actually had a relationship. With a patient.
UNK: House sitting Down : You just date whoever happens to cross your path.
Chase : My dating is getting in the way of my dating?
House : You don't go looking for the right person.
House : You just shack up with whoever's in the room.
House : And then you get surprised and/or divorced when it doesn't work out.
House : I'm surprised you haven't asked Adams out yet.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Park clearing Her Throat : For your information, I've got a date tonight.
UNK: Park clearing Her Throat : I'll be jamming with a cute guy and his band.
House : - You'll bail. - He's right.
Taub : The obvious solution is for me to hand my kids over to your parents.
House : Can we stop trying to argue the premise
UNK: and move on to figuring out why it is you're all social morons?
House : You do understand the irony here.
UNK: You're mocking us for avoiding relationships,
Taub : but you can't handle losing your doll.
Taub : You're spending all this time and energy interviewing for a new one.
UNK: You're right. Thai is stupid.
Adams : What about the patient?
House : Dude's banging a sex doll,
House : a festering cesspool of bodily fluids and associated bacteria.
House : Swab her out and find out which one.
House : I need you.
House : Please don't quit. You're the only hooker I know who can tune a piano.
House : If it's about the money, then I can up you to three nights a week.
Emily : I'm getting married, House.
Emily : His name's Harris. He's a certified accountant.
Emily : He loves schlocky horror movies, and he just moved in.
Emily : We're very happy...
UNK: House looking At The Picture Closer : Well, you're happy. Yeah, you're happy,
UNK: House looking At The Picture Closer : because he doesn't know about your employment history.
Molly : He knows.
UNK: We've talked about ii, and he accepts me for who I am.
UNK: No. He's...
House : If he accepted who you were, he would not be making you give up your career.
House : Women need their own identities, their own livelihoods.
House : Otherwise, why was I smoking all those 'Virginia Slims'?
Emily : I know this is weird for you.
Emily : But you need to figure out a way to be okay with it.
Emily : I'll miss you, too.
Chase : I feel like the stirrups are overkill.
Adams : I've never done a pelvic on a doll before. I'm unfamiliar with the protocol.
Adams : I'm pretty skeeved out right now. I'm not gonna lie.
Chase : What House said back there... House says a lot of things.
Chase : I don't just date whoever shows up.
Chase : I mean, I did meet women in the hospital, but they weren't just flings.
Adams : Basically, you're explaining why you're not gonna ask me out.
UNK: That's not what I was.“
Chase : Did you want me to ask you out'?
Adams : Yeah. I told Park to tell Taub to tell House to pass you that note.
Adams : It's completely clean in there.
UNK: He said he had just bathed her.
Chase : Adams, there's a swelling beneath the skin, a three-inch mass.
UNK: Adams touching It Too : Is it part of the doll's skeleton?
Chase : It feels like a tumor.
Adams : CT showed an air-filled mass in the doll's abdomen.
Adams : It's probably just a chemical reaction.
Adams : Henry left her too close to a heating pipe or something.
Chase : This guy brushes her hair every morning,
Chase : brings home movies for them to watch together.
Chase : You think he tosses her in a broom closet at the end of each day'?
Adams : More likely than it getting stomach cancer.
Chase : How about clostridium?
UNK: Bacteria got trapped in an airtight cavity, produced gas.
Adams : Doesn't explain the neurological issue.
Chase : We can explain that the same way we explain the tooth fairy.
UNK: Oh...
House : I get to play Solomon.
House : Cut the doll open.
Chase : We can't just destroy the patient's property. That thing cost seven grand.
House : Exactly. Ask him for consent.
House : If he says yes, then we get to go hunting bacteria.
House : If he says no, there's no need,
House : 'cause he's crazy, and we need a different theory.
UNK: See you. Gotta go build a temple.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: You're sure?
Adams : It won't be able to heal when we're done.
Henry : But you think she could tell you what's wrong with me.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Okay.
Chase : Should we take her to the procedure room?
Adams : It's not a "her," which means we can do this anywhere.
UNK: Adams.
Chase : You can know somethings not real and still love it.