UNK: Park embarrassed : That sounds fun. I'll think about it.
Micah : Great. Call me.
UNK: Taub singing With A Child's Voice : Park has a boyfriend.
Park : I'll break your face.
House : This is the talent portion of the interview. Okay.
Adams : You like cards, but you can juggle.
Adams : I fail to see how this would be a benefit to you.
House : What if I'm busy?
House : You got anything else? Sure.
Adams : CT showed no clots or malformations.
Adams : Park and Taub ruled out lymphocytosis and diabetes.
House : Well, since you have nothing of relevance to report,
House : I assume that you're here to toss your panties in the ring.
Adams : Patient's got a mysterious girlfriend he really wants to see.
Adams : She's unreachable by phone, and the neighbor's never even seen her.
UNK: House to The Hooker Playing With The Cards : What do you think? He's gay.
Adams : I think he's a junkie. The girlfriend is a fix. If the guy's inhaling glue...
House : Can you repair a blender?
Adams : Can you bite me?
Adams : Go search the patient's home.
Adams : Well, thank you, ladies. I've seen a lot of very talented candidates.
Adams : Got a tough decision in the next few days.
Adams : This is the part I hate.
UNK: Well, it's not exactly a crack den.
Adams : Doesn't exactly look like a woman lives here either.
Chase : "To Amy. I love you."
Adams : Okay, she exists. Doesn't mean he's not a drug addict.
Chase : It's good you're playing it cool with House. Once he gets a rise out of someone...
Adams : I'm not crazy about the whole hooker thing, but I get it.
UNK: Other than the fact that ifs exploitative and dangerous for women,
Adams : you get what you need without any of the emotional baggage.
Chase : You're not seeing anyone, I take it?
Adams : I've been volunteering at the Trenton Free Clinic. Keeps me busy.
Chase : You volunteer every night and every weekend?
Chase : No time to grab dinner?
Adams : What's more important? Making small talk over ravioli
Adams : or helping people who are less fortunate?
UNK: By that rationale, none of us should ever eat again.
UNK: Well, let's just say I'm not hungry right now.
Adams : Oh, God.
Adams : I don't think she's breathing.
Adams : You think she OD'd?
Chase : That or he killed her. Pulse?
UNK: No. I'll call the coroner.
UNK: I don't think that's going to be necessary.
Dominika : This one works in financial district.
Dominika : She can get tips. Give you leg up in market.
UNK: What is Fudgey Gonzalez?
UNK: Ah. Imagine a Vanilla Gonzalez from the other side.
House : I'm about to make a decision, but there's still time for you to sneak under the wire.
UNK: My favorite Woody Allen movie is Melinda and Melinda.
UNK: I call her my girlfriend, because people understand that.
Henry : If I explained it, they'd just think I was a weirdo.
Chase : We're not here to judge anyone's fetish.
Henry : I'm not a pervert.
Henry : It's not like I'm more attracted to dolls than humans.
Chase : So you don't have sex with her?
Henry : It's not just about that.
Adams : Does the doll talk to you?
Henry : I know she's not a real person.
Henry : In a lot of ways, she's better than a person.
Henry : I can tell her things, and she won't argue with me or make fun of me.
Henry : I come home every night and I know she'll be there waiting.
Adams : So is your toaster.
Henry : No one in the world has an emotional attachment to a toaster.
Henry : But a lot of people are willing to spend $7,000 on women like Amy.
Park : Have you ever tried an actual...
Henry : Yeah, I'm 35. I've been in relationships. Just none of them fulfilled me.
Henry : And one day, I saw this website, and...
Henry : Maybe the perfect woman is out there somewhere,
Henry : but it's not worth going through what it would take to find her.
Henry : Amy makes me happy.
UNK: You're sweating. It's sort of hot in here.
UNK: Chase touching Henry's Forehead : Not that hot.
Adams : Bleeding plus two new symptoms, fever and neurological.
Chase : I'm not sure about that last one. I think he's just weird.
Chase : He wasn't hallucinating. He didn't have a thought disorder.
Park : You don't think it's disordered to talk to...
Chase : It's not all that different from talking to your cat or a teddy bear.
Chase : You don't have sex with your cat or teddy bear.
House : If you did, you'd probably talk to them more.
House : Guy loves an imaginary being who's never going to respond to him.
House : He's no crazier than millions of churchgoers.
Adams : You think anything off about any patient is a symptom.
UNK: This guy buys ﬂowers, real flowers, for a piece of plastic in a dress.
UNK: House walking Around The Office And Stopping At The End Of The Table : You know what's really crazy?
UNK: House walking Around The Office And Stopping At The End Of The Table : Living with a human being. Someone with opinions and feelings
UNK: who gets mad just because you wanna take salsa classes with them one night a week.
UNK: House walking Around The Office And Stopping At The End Of The Table : One night.
Taub : He's just running away.
Taub : He hangs out with a doll. He never needs to fear rejection.
UNK: It's sad. HOUSE : You do understand the irony here.
House : Every person in this room has a sex doll.
House : At least the patient has the stones to be honest about it.
Taub : Ooh! A metaphor.
Taub : What you didn't foresee is that I actually do have a sex doll.
House : Your doll is your kids. Yours is your parents. Yours is your charity.
UNK: They're all excuses for not being in a relationship.
Chase : He's not wrong. And you...
Chase : I have meaningless sex with random strangers.
Chase : Thanks for the insight, but I stopped that months ago.