UNK: Thirty-five year old male cries blood, and he's not Vampire Bill. Go.
Park : Should we ask? Nope.
House : What, her?
House : Yeah. My favorite companion is retiring from companning.
House : So I'm interviewing her replacements.
UNK: Thank you, Butter Scotch.
House : Is that a family name?
Adams : How long are you gonna be using the office for sex games?
Adams : Just so I can plan my day.
UNK: Sex'? At work'? I'm not a savage.
House : I asked for a cappuccino. That's what this is.
House : No, cappuccino's got a nice, stiff foam on it. This is wetter than... Oh...
House : Almost slipped there.
House : Well, thank you, Ms. Scotch, but poor foaming's a deal breaker.
House : Could you ask the next candidate to come in'?
Taub : Initial exam showed no sign of trauma or subconjunctival hemorrhage.
UNK: Lymphocytosis? ALC's in the normal range, but it's in the high end of normal.
UNK: Please take a seat, Fawn.
House : And tell me what's your favorite Woody Allen movie'?
Chase : You're interviewing hookers but not going to talk to them about sex?
House : Sex is a given. They're hookers.
House : Defend your choice.
Fawn : It's the most popular.
UNK: Oh, so close.
UNK: House disappointed : We would have accepted "Diane Keaton looks great in suits.“
UNK: House disappointed : Or, "It's a trenchant commentary on today's mores."
UNK: House disappointed : Or, "I needed the eggs." Thanks for your interest.
UNK: To get the gig, a call girl...
UNK: Sorry, "call woman" needs a combination of skills that I find useful/entertaining
UNK: House disappointed : for the remaining 57 minutes of the hour I pay for.
Taub : Lymphocytosis works. Maybe we should take another look at the blood.
Adams : Could also be cavernous sinus thrombosis.
Adams : Clot builds up pressure at the base of the brain.
House : Re-run the patient's blood panel and get a CT venogram of his head.
House : See which one of you is right.
House : How are you with small appliance repair?
Molly : This cavernous sinus thing, is it dangerous?
Chase : If Henry's got it, we can treat with a combo of drugs and surgery.
UNK: The success rate is over 70%.
UNK: Molly to Henry : Do you want me to call Amy again? No, it's fine.
Molly : Amy's his girlfriend.
Molly : I'm the neighbor. I did leave a message at their number.
UNK: Do you want to try her cell? You'll be here for a few more hours at least.
Henry : She doesn't have one. She worries about radiation.
Molly : I could stop by on my way home.
Molly : She knows who I am, right?
Henry : You don't need to, but thanks.
Molly : Good luck. Okay.