Robin : Oh, are you gonna cry?
Robin : You gonna cry?
Robin : Skinny little baby's gonna cry?
Robin : Well, eat, damn it, eat!
Lily : Okay!
Ted : Hey, so I think I figured out
Ted : How to do your toast
Ted : In a completely appropriate way. Finally.
UNK: Huh. Yeah.
Ted : Good evening. I'm ted mosby, marshall's best man.
Marshall : Still strong, right? Great, yeah.
Ted : I'd like to share with you all a story
Ted : About the momentous evening last fall
UNK: When marshall and lily got back together.
UNK: Afterward, we stayed up till 10 : 00 at night,
UNK: Doing shots of chocolate milk.
UNK: Ted last year : Man, I'm well nourished right now!
Barney : Calcium promotes healthy teeth and bones.
Robin : Thanks, marshall,
Robin : For teaching us you don't need alcohol
Robin : To have fun.
Marshall : Oh, don't thank me.
Marshall : Thank my parents for teaching me good values.
UNK: Aww.
Ted : Now, I wasn't supposed to hear this next part,
Ted : But marshall leaned over to lily and whispered.
Marshall : You know what I'd like to do to you right now?
Marshall : I'd like to hold your hand.
Marshall : I'd like to hold your hand so hard
Marshall : That you're not able to shake hands for a week.
Lily : Oh.
Lily : Are you just going to talk about holding my hand
Lily : Or are you going to hold it?
Ted : Then a little later, robin caught them...
Ted : Oh, um...
Ted : Holding hands.
Ted : It was a lovely and responsible night.
Ted : To marshall and lily.
Marshall : That's the worst toast I've ever heard, dude.
Marshall : It's totally boring.
Ted : Exactly.
Ted : It's impossible to write a good toast
Ted : With you censoring me, man.
Ted : I give up.
Ted : I'm just going to read that thing
Ted : About Jesus and the footprints.
Lily : I give up, too.
Lily : I don't care if my dress doesn't fit.
Lily : I can't eat anymore.
Lily : I-I feel like my stomach's going to explode.
Lily : I know.
Ted : And so, lily and I were both about to give up,
Ted : But as you can all see,
Ted : Lily does look beautiful in that dress,
Ted : And here I am
Ted : Giving a toast.
Ted : You know, all this time,
UNK: I'd been racking my brain,
Ted : Trying to pick out the perfect moment
Ted : To capture lily and marshall as a couple.
Ted : But then I realized
Ted : The perfect moment wasn't some needle lost in the haystack
Ted : Of their ten years together.
Ted : The perfect
Ted : Lily and marshall moment happened two nights ago.
Ted : Marshall, what are you doing?
Marshall : Going to the bathroom.
Ted : In the hall?
Marshall : Sleepwalking?
Ted : You're wide awake.
Marshall : Robbing us?
Ted : Dude.
UNK: Ted giving the toast : Turns out,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : All week long,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : He'd been sneaking out to a hotel on 72nd,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : To meet lily.
Lily : God, I missed you.
UNK: I can't sleep without you. Mm.
Marshall : Hey, baby?
Marshall : Would you be the big spoon for a while?
Lily : Sure, baby.
Marshall : How's the weight gaining going?
Lily : Ugh, terribly.
Lily : I'm too stressed out without you around.
UNK: Mm.
Marshall : Well, I'm here now.
UNK: Mmm. Mmm!
UNK: Ted giving the toast : In their experiment with apartness,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : But they succeeded in getting lily into her dress.
UNK: Ted giving the toast : You know, there really are
UNK: Ted giving the toast : A million things I could tell you about lily and marshall,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : But really, the only thing you need to know is
UNK: Ted giving the toast : That ten years into their relationship,
UNK: Ted giving the toast : They still couldn't spend a single night apart.
UNK: Ted giving the toast : May they never have to again.
UNK: Ted giving the toast : To lily and marshall.
All : To lily and marshall.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Now, kids, the story
UNK: Of aunt lily and uncle marshall's wedding
UNK: Ted 2030 : Is a good one.
UNK: Ted 2030 : No matter how perfectly you plan your...
Marshall : You know what, wait a second, guys.
UNK: I'm going to get to that.
UNK: First, I gotta tell you what happened with barney.
Bob : Rich, what is the name of our next participant?
Rich : Bob, it's barney stinson!
Barney : Come on down!
Rich : You're the next contestant on the price is right.
UNK: No! Oh, my god!
UNK: Bob barker : Working his way out.
Bob : High-five here, high-five there.
Bob : A big old hug here.
UNK: Oh, my god! Yeah, I know,