Ted : In the weeks leading up to aunt lily and uncle marshall's wedding,
UNK: Ted 2030 : Some weird stuff started happening.
Lily : Why does my stomach hurt?
Marshall : I'm sorry, baby. I ate a bunch of ice cream earlier today.
Lily : Oh, baby, you know we're lactose-intolerant.
Tes : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Tes : Are you suggesting that
Tes : When one of you feels something, the other feels it, too?
Barney : Oh, god,
Tes : You guys are so codependent.
Lily : No, we're not.
Ted : Oh, really?
Ted : What about the other day?
Lily : Oh, I need to get some eggs.
Marshall : Oh, I'll come with you.
Marshall : Just because we like spending time together
Marshall : Doesn't mean we're codependent.
Ted : Really?
Barney : Then whatever happened to your plan of spending
Barney : The last two weeks before your wedding sleeping apart?
Marshall : Okay, we decided
Marshall : Not to do that because of...
Lily : Logistics.
Lily : Wedding logistics.
Marshall : Frickin' logistics, man.
Marshall : They mess everything up.
Ted : You didn't do it because you couldn't do it.
Marshall : Sure we could.
Robin : Then why don't you?
Robin : You can stay with me.
Lily : It would make our wedding night more special.
Marshall : Okay, let's do it.
Lily : Done.
Marshall : I'm gonna go grab a beer.
Marshall : I'll come with you.
Lily : No. I'll stay.
Lily : Okay, I know. You know what? I got to go.
Lily : Good-bye.
Lily : My mom's driving me cra...
Tes : God, you guys are
UNK: Covered in sauce.
UNK: We'll get to that. Me first.
UNK: My mom is driving me crazy about the wedding music.
UNK: The woman takes
UNK: One cruise to jamaica,
UNK: And suddenly, it's "not a party without steel drums."
UNK: Doesn't everybody know you're not supposed to stress out
UNK: A bride right before her wedding?!
UNK: Okay, sauce, go.
Ted : Long story.
UNK: I'll tell you later. Yeah.
Barney : It's a dirty story, isn't it?
Barney : You guys went out to dinner,
Barney : Did it in the kitchen and got caught.
Barney : Scherbatsky reeks of someone who likes to get caught.
Robin : Okay, now I have to wash up for two reasons.
UNK: Oh, you didn't. Uh-huh.
Marshall : That's right.
Barney : So you and lily really think you can spend two weeks apart?
Marshall : You know what, barney?
UNK: Lily and I are a lot less cheesy than you make us out to be.
Lily : Marshmallow, don't forget to pack my night-night tape.
UNK: Oh!
Barney : Night-night tape?
Barney : Did you make a tape
Barney : Of you saying "night-night" to her?
Lily : No.
Lily : He doesn't say it. He sings it.
Barney : Oh, that is so sweet.
Barney : Why don't you kiss?
Barney : I love it when two chicks make out.
Lily : Damn it.
Lily : Nobody's bought us anything cool yet off our registry.
Barney : What's on there?
Lily : Ooh, lots of stuff.
Lily : Kitchen aide artisan series tilt-head stand mixer...
UNK: Retail price :
Barney : $319.99. What else?
Lily : Um, the dyson dc17 animal vacuum.
Barney : Ah, $549.99.
Barney : A little greedy, don't you think?
Marshall : Did you memorize our registry?
Barney : No, I'm training.
Marshall : Training? For what?
Barney : I'm glad you asked.
Barney : Ted, robin, get in here!
Barney : You guys know how
Barney : It's hard to be friends with me 'cause I'm so awesome?
Ted : Yes, it's hard to be friends with you.
Ted : Go on.
Barney : Well, this isn't going to make it any easier.
Barney : I am going to be on...
Barney : The price is right.
UNK: No way! What?!
Barney : Yes, in a couple days,
Barney : Rich fields is going to call out my name,