Barney : And I will come on down.
Lily : Oh...
Marshall : Whoa, that is so awesome.
Robin : Barney, I didn't know you were
Robin : Such a fan of the price is right.
Barney : Are you kidding?
Barney : T.P.I.R. Is not just
Barney : An indescribably entertaining hour of television,
Barney : It's a microcosm
Barney : Of our entire economic system...
Barney : A capitalist utopia, where consumers are rewarded
Barney : For their persistence, market acumen
Barney : And intrepid spirit.
Barney : I gaze upon the glory of the price is right,
Barney : And I see the face of america.
Barney : And it is divine.
Barney : Plus, you know, hot chicks on sports cars.
Ted : Then lily headed out to robin's
UNK: Ted 2030 : For her first night away from marshall.
Lily : I'm ready!
Robin : Wow, lily, you look so beautiful.
Lily : I know! I'm beautiful!
Lily : I'm a fairy princess!
Lily : I'm too skinny for my dress!
Ted : Meanwhile, I was testing out my best man toast on marshall.
Ted : Here goes.
Ted : Hello, everyone, I'm ted mosby, marshall's best man.
Ted : Strong opening, right? That's fantastic.
Ted : When marshall graduates this spring, he'll be a lawyer.
Ted : But did you know that marshall has a criminal record?
Ted : That's right, on a road trip up to cape cod,
Ted : Marshall was pulled over for driving by himself
Ted : In a car pool lane.
Marshall : Oh, crap.
Marshall : Oh, crap.
Marshall : Are you crazy?
Marshall : You cannot tell that story at my wedding.
Marshall : My entire family's
Marshall : Gonna be there.
Marshall : My little cousins, my mom, my grandma,
Marshall : My grandpa the minister.
Ted : That grandpa died three years ago.
Marshall : His favorite grandson is getting married, ted.
Marshall : I think he can take a day off
Marshall : From haunting the barn to make an appearance.
UNK: Whoo!
UNK: Whoo-whoo!
UNK: Whoo!
UNK: Whoo-hoo-whoo!
UNK: Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
UNK: Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
UNK: Oh, yeah!
Barney : So which one, "a" or "b"?
Marshall : What was that?
Barney : I have to decide
Barney : How to run to contestant's row
Barney : When they say, "barney stinson, come on down!"
UNK: Oh, oh, I didn't realize that's what it was.
Ted : Can you do them again?
Barney : Yeah, of course.
Barney : Ow!
Barney : Hey!
Barney : Very funny.
Barney : Just for that, when I win all the prizes.
Barney : The only thing you guys are getting
Barney : Is rice-a-roni and turtle wax.
Lily : It's $300 just to take the bust in?
Lily : Oh, please, you have to have some sympathy for me.
Lily : I'm getting married next Saturday,
Lily : And I'm too skinny for my dress.
Lily : I lost all this weight without even trying.
UNK: Hello? Hello?
Robin : What happened?
Lily : She called me a bitch and hung up.
Lily : Oh, I don't know what to do.
Lily : I guess I'll just have to pay the $300.
Robin : Pay the $300?
Robin : Lily, are you crazy?
Robin : This isn't a problem.
Robin : It's a license to eat.
Robin : Look, what have you always
Robin : Wanted to eat but didn't
Robin : Because it was too ridiculously decadent?
Lily : Ooh, a valrhona chocolate soufflé
Lily : With a raspberry brandy sauce,
Lily : Topped with caramelized bananas and hazelnut gelato.
Robin : I have cool whip and half a bag of fritos.
Lily : Done!
Ted : Okay, think you're gonna be happy with my new toast.
Ted : There's nothing sexual.
Ted : It's, uh, it's just the story
Ted : Of an important moment in your relationship.
Ted : Hello, everyone, I'm ted mosby, marshall's best man.
Marshall : Nice.
UNK: Right? That's great.
UNK: Back when we were all freshman and marshall and lily
UNK: Were just a few short weeks into their relationship...
UNK: It was 4 : 00 in the morning,
UNK: And I'm not gonna lie, we were a wee bit wasted.
UNK: So I'd gone out to get us some snacks, and when I got back...
Marshall : I... Love you.
Lily : I love you, too.
Lily : I know it's soon
Lily : To say it,
Lily : But I'm so glad you did.
Lily : Oh.
Lily : Mm...
Barney : Yeah.
UNK: So here's what you want to talk about
UNK: In front of my entire family :
UNK: Drinking, having a girl in my room, eating junk food.
Ted : Dude, you're almost 30.
Ted : Your mom would be mad at you for eating junk food?
Marshall : Yeah, ted, 'cause nutrition's not important.
UNK: Also, lily's never heard that story before.
Marshall : How's she going to react when she finds out
Marshall : The first time I said "I love you" to her,