Marshall : I was actually saying it to you and a bag of funyuns?
Ted : But who cares? You did love her.
Ted : And you still do.
Ted : And you're totally over funyuns, so it's not weird.
Marshall : Hey, lil.
Marshall : Hey.
Ted : Hey?
Ted : That's it?
Marshall : What are you talking about?
Ted : Well, you guys have been spending
Ted : I figured there'd be a lot of giggling, crying,
Ted : Jumping up and down, and then whatever lily would do.
UNK: Ted 2030 : About the bar menu at mcclaren's is that there were
UNK: Ted 2030 : No fewer than 11 different deep-fried appetizers.
UNK: Ted 2030 : That night,
UNK: Aunt lily ordered all of them.
Barney : Check it out.
Barney : Okay, imagine... Imagine, if you will,
Barney : That this is the $1 space
Barney : On the price is right wheel.
Barney : Ready?
Marshall : Oh, wow, that was pretty close.
Barney : Close? Close?!
Barney : It's called the price is right, not the price is close!
Barney : Oh, man, this is bad.
Barney : If I don't win
Barney : The spin-off, and I can't get
UNK: Into the showcase showdown; everything's ruined!
Barney : It's all ruined!
Ted : What is ruined?
Ted : Why, why is this such a big deal?
Barney : Okay, guys...
Barney : Sit down. I've got to tell you something.
Barney : The reason I'm going on the price is right
Barney : Is because I've decided
Barney : That it's time for me to meet my real father.
Ted : Your father?
Marshall : That's right.
Barney : My father...
Barney : Is bob barker.
Ted : Your dad...
Ted : Is bob barker?
Marshall : That's right.
Lily : The host of the price is right, bob barker?
Barney : That's pops.
Marshall : Barney?
Bareney : Yes, robin?
Robin : Why in the world do you think
Robin : Bob barker is your father?
Barney : Uh, because my mother told me he was,
Barney : That's why.
Barney : Mom, who's my dad?
Barney : All the other kids at school know who their dad is.
Barney : Who's mine?
Lily : Oh, I don't know.
UNK: Barney's mom : That guy.
UNK: Barney in front oft he tv : Look, dad, I got straight a's!
UNK: Bareny dressed as Bob Barker : Hey, dad,
UNK: Bareny dressed as Bob Barker : Guess who I'm going as for Halloween?
UNK: Barney throwing a ball at the TV : Want to play some catch, pop?
Barney : So now I'm gonna go to l.A., be on the show,
Barney : Win the showcase showdown,
Barney : Make him proud of me,
Barney : And then tell him who I am.
Ted : You're gonna tell bob barker
Ted : That you're his son on national television?
Barney : Why is this so hard for you people to believe?
Robin : Drop the popper!
Robin : Lily has to gain
Robin : Five pounds in a week and a half,
Robin : And it is my job to help her get there.
Lily : This is the best wedding diet ever.
Lily : I lost a pound.
Robin : That is impossible.
Robin : You ate mcdonald's every meal for three days.
Lily : I knew that super size me guy was full of it.
Robin : Well, it must be the wedding stress.
Robin : We just got to up the intake.
Robin : Lily aldrin, drop and give me 20 bites of fudge!
Marshall : Okay.
Robin : Okay?
Robin : Don't nibble at it. Attack it!
Robin : Come on, lily.
Robin : You can do better than that!
Barney : I can't.
Robin : Well, eat faster,
Robin : Before your body figures out it's full.
Lily : I'm trying.