Castle : I haven't slept in days.
Castle : And to make matters worse, the new character,
Castle : I kind of based her on you.
Castle : What I've read about you.
Castle : So, she's savvy and smart and driven,
Castle : and I have fallen in love with her.
UNK: I mean, I eat with her, I sleep with her.
Castle : But I know you are not her.
Beckett : You know, none of this explains
Beckett : how you know so much about the crime scene.
Castle : I have a police scanner, and I was tracking the investigation.
Castle : Actually, that's why I'm here, Captain.
Castle : I know what was in the briefcase,
Castle : I know where it's going, and I think I know who took it.
Beckett : And how do you know all that?
Castle : It's complicated, but I do.
Ryan : Hey, Cap.
Ryan : What's he doing here? I'm not sure.
UNK: Okay. So, I heard back from the courier company.
Ryan : Turns out our victim was transporting...
Castle : An ancient Incan artifact.
Ryan : Yeah. And, uh, it was on its way...
UNK: To the Lamont-Doherty laboratories in Palisades, New York, for studies.
Castle : Scientists believe it was fashioned from a meteorite,
Castle : but it's proven impenetrable to conventional scans.
Castle : How did I know all this?
Castle : I used to be a crime novelist,
Castle : and I still have a few sources.
Castle : Captain, this is what your victims were killed for.
Beckett : And why would someone kill for this?
Ryan : Well, the folks at the lab
UNK: said an object like that would be invaluable to any collector.
Beckett : Mr. Castle, you said that you might know who took it.
Castle : Not exactly who, but I know who is involved.
Castle : So, the car service was going to pick up Gensler, the courier,
Castle : from the airport here, take him to the lab here.
Castle : Basically, north.
UNK: Yet for some reason, when they were attacked,
Castle : they ended up here, in Spanish Harlem.
Beckett : The opposite way.
UNK: Yes. So either this driver had a terrible sense of direction...
Beckett : Or he was in on it.
Castle : And maybe his partners killed him to silence him.
UNK: Detective Ryan, get me everything you can on that driver.
Beckett : That was surprisingly helpful, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Do you mind if I hang around? See how this turns out?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Break room's over there.
Beckett : I know.
Esposito : Yo, writer boy,
Esposito : tell me how you know about that coal plant.
UNK: What? The one you were talking about
Esposito : when you came in yesterday.
UNK: The captain had me check it out.
Esposito : You know what I found?
Esposito : Tire tracks. The same tire tracks
UNK: that we found at our crime scene.
Esposito : Now, you knew that our doers were using it as a staging ground.
UNK: And the only way you would know that is if you were involved.
Castle : Okay, fine.
Castle : I don't usually like to tell people this, but I have a gift.
Castle : I know things. You know things?
Castle : You and I haven't met before yesterday, correct?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So then how would I know that you had a thing with a woman
UNK: whose initials were L.P.?
Castle : And how would I know that she moved on and you can't?
Esposito : Ryan has a big fat mouth. That's how you know.
Castle : What happened? Commitment issues?