UNK: It was the Fall of 2009 and I was a professor now.
UNK: So I decided to change my look a little bit.
UNK: And people were noticing.
Barney : Ah, tweed.
Barney : Textile of the eunuch.
Marshall : You know, I've always
Marshall : Wondered why those tweed jackets have elbow patches.
Barney : Because the people who wear them are constantly going,
Barney : "Aw, geez, why can't I get laid?"
UNK: You are wrong. Get laid?
Ted : The ladies dig the professor look.
Robin : You know, there is something to that.
Robin : I remember thinking my tenth grade math teacher
Robin : Was very sexy.
Robin : I wonder if Harold's still in jail.
Robin : What?
Robin : Tax evasion.
Robin : Among other things.
Lily : So guys, Marshall
Lily : And I wanted to invite you to our place
Lily : For a little couples' night.
Robin : Uh, sure. Why not?
UNK: For years, Marshall and Lily had been the only
UNK: Married couple in a group full of single people.
UNK: It got lonely.
UNK: So they were always
UNK: Searching for another couple
UNK: To double-date.
UNK: There was only one problem.
Lily : Welcome. Gouda?
UNK: They sucked at it.
Lily : This is great.
Lily : We're having fun. You're having fun, right?
Marshall : So, should we just go ahead
Marshall : And lock the four of us in for new year's?
Guy : Um, it's April.
Marshall : Right. Sorry.
Marshall : We're getting ahead of ourselves.
Marshall : Let's talk Thanksgiving.
Lily : Our parents really want to meet you!
Guy : Well, we should probably be going.
Marshall : Wait. But, wait, if you leave now,
Marshall : Colonel mustard just gets away with it.
Woman : It's getting pretty late. We're going to go.
Lily : There's still pie.
Marshall : Tonight was fantastic. We should do it again.
Man : I'm sorry, Marshall, but Falguni and I
Man : are just not that into you.
Man : And you.
UNK: But just when Lily and Marshall were about to give up,
UNK: Two of their best friends in the world got together.
UNK: And hope returned to their hearts.
Lily : Wohoo!
UNK: So when Lily said...
Lily : Marshall and I wanted to invite you to our place
Lily : For a little couples' night.
Robin : Um, sure, why not?
UNK: .Barney and Robin had no idea
UNK: What they were about to walk into.
Lily : Okay. Game time.
Lily : Let's review the flow of the room.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Barney and Robin enter here.
Lily : Stop here for margaritas.
Lily : That's a great conversation starter.
Lily : We can tell them about our trip to Cabo.
Marshall : Great, 'cause I got that story about Sammy Hagar
Marshall : Anthe Belgian waffle locked and loaded.
Lily : Then we'll move on to the hot apps station.
Lily : And, depending on how things are going,
Lily : Some lively pre-dinner charades.
Marshall : Right, but, uh, we'll play that one by...
Lily : Sounds like?
Marshall : Okay, you can be Robin's partner.
Lily : Oh... Baby, we can do this.
Lily : Welcome. Gouda?
UNK: Meanwhile, my half-baked theory
UNK: That ladies dig the professor look
UNK: Was actually proving to be true
Girl : So is it hard to grade papers?
Ted : No, you've just got to make it fun.
Ted : For example, uh, every time I spot a grammatical error,
Ted : I do a shot.
Ted : I'm trashed right now, and I blame
Ted : Our public school system.
UNK: Sometimes things just seem to magically fall into place.
Girl : So, you said you live right upstairs...
UNK: Whether it's in the dating world...
Lily : Take care. Bye. Bye!