Ted : They're your friends!
Ted : Why would you just blatantly lie to them like that?
Robin : Well, that's what you say at the end of a crappy date.
Girl : Hey, Ted. Great time last night.
Girl : Well, let's do it again, soon. I'll... uh, call you.
Lily : Right?
Robin : Who was that?
Ted : Oh, I don't want to brag,
Ted : But it seems chicks are really digging
Ted : The whole professor thing.
Barney : Last night,
Ted : She picked me up at the bar.
Ted : And then... Well, she actually
Ted : Wound up falling asleep on the couch.
Ted : But, hey, that happens.
Barney : Uh, no, it doesn't.
Ted : Sure, it does.
Ted : You know, she was,
Ted : She was just exhausted from being turned on.
Ted : But you heard her.
Ted : She wants to do it again, soon.
Barney : Ted, let me ask you a question.
Barney : Where does this girl live, exactly?
Ted : Westchester. Why?
Barney : You're the sexless innkeeper.
Robin : Oh, my god! You're right!
Robin : He's totally the sexless innkeeper!
Ted : What the hell is "the sexless innkeeper"?
Barney : Ted, many a man-- nay, many a soul--
Barney : Has their own tale of the sexless innkeeper.
Barney : Why, I had run-in with one just last year.
Barney : I even composed a poem about it.
Barney : Would you care to hear it? Not really.
UNK: T'was the night before new year's,
UNK: And the weather grew mean.
UNK: It was 3 : 00 in the morning,
UNK: And I was stranded in queens.
UNK: The tavern grew empty,
UNK: The gas lights grew dim.
UNK: The horse-drawn carriages were all but snowed in...
Ted : Wait. If this was last year,
UNK: Why are you acting like it was Oliver Twist?
Barney : Ted, it's a poem.
UNK: Last call was approaching,
UNK: And my fortunes looked bleak.
UNK: Then I turned to my left
UNK: And stifled a shriek.
UNK: She had a peach fuzz beard
UNK: And weighed 16 stone.
UNK: She gobbled up hot wings
UNK: And swallowed the bones.
UNK: I muffled a scream
UNK: And threw up in my mouth.
UNK: I asked, "where do you live?"
UNK: And she said, "one block south."
UNK: I swallowed my pride
UNK: And six shots of whiskey.
UNK: And prayed to the gods
UNK: That she wasn't too frisky.
UNK: Back in her cave, she prepared us a snack.
UNK: 'Neath her mighty hooves, the floorboards did crack.
UNK: But when she returned,
UNK: She found a sound sleeper.
UNK: And thus she became
UNK: The sexless innkeeper.
Barney : And so are you
Ted : Wait, you're saying that girl
Ted : Just used me for a place to crash?
Barney : Ted, you mentioned that you live right upstairs.
Barney : She saw the tweed jacket which basically says
UNK: You're not interested in, nor probably even capable of, having sex.
UNK: And she thought, "hey, free lodging."
Ted : No way.
Barney : I'm not the sexless innkeeper.
Barney : Ted, that girl had no intention
Barney : Of ever hooking up with you.
Robin : Which is funny, because usually
Robin : It's the innkeeper who offers turndown service. Oh!
Lily : Hey, guys. Good news.
Lily : First of all, you can ignore all the e-mails
Lily : And texts we've sent you.
Robin : We have. Go on.
Lily : Because we went ahead and booked
Lily : That couples' weekend for all of us in Vermont!
Robin : Wait, you guys were serious about that?
Marshall : Oh, we never joke about b&b's,
Marshall : Especially at the height of syrup season.
Lily : Check it out.
Lily : Saturday we've got apple-picking,
Lily : Antiquing, then a hated hay ride.
UNK: And then on Sunday, we're up at 6 : 00 a.m. for the fall foliage hike.
UNK: Now, you better pack your long johns, 'cause it is cold up there.
Barney : Look! I'm sorry that we have been dodging your calls,
Barney : But we respect you guys too much
Barney : As friends to give you some song and dance.
Barney : You deserve the truth.
Barney : The US Navy has found intelligent alien life
Barney : At the bottom of the ocean.
Barney : For reasons I can't explain, Robin and I
Barney : Have been tapped to lead the expedition.
Lily : Wow, Barney.
Lily : That kind of sounds like the stuff you say to girls
Lily : When you're too much of a coward to dump them. Yeah.
Marshall : You know, that's exactly what it sounds like.
Marshall : But if that's true, that's awesome.
Lily : What's going on?
Robin : Look, all the couple-y stuff, it's just not us.
Robin : Barney and I are barely equipped to date each other,
Robin : Let alone you guys.
Barney : Plus, the alien thing.
UNK: Come on, Marshall. Let's go.
UNK: No... Lily... You know what?
Marshall : I hope those underwater aliens are cold-blooded.
Marshall : 'Cause then you guys will get along just fine.
Barney : I think they bought it.
Marshall : I can't believe they broke up with us.
Lily : We're so lovable.
Marshall : No, we're not. We're ugly and gross.
Lily : I thought we did everything right.
Marshall : I know!
UNK: I know. We had the gouda.
Marshall : We had my waffle story.
Marshall : I even sent them a awesome photo montage.
Marshall : Nothing.
Lily : Oh, dear god.
Lily : Marshall, we've been over and over this.
Lily : You have to stop sending those to people.