Marshall : First, a boat ride around the city,
UNK: Then a trip to Vermont.
Marshall : It's a rookie mistake, and you're better than that.
Lily : Oh, what about you forgetting
Lily : To check the egg timer for charades?
Lily : I gave you one thing to do, Marshall. One thing.
Marshall : One thing?
Marshall : One thing?
Marshall : Wow. Really?
Marshall : So, I guess that gouda
Marshall : Just walked itself right through the door...
Marshall : ...Sliced itself up,
Marshall : And arranged itself in a perfect semi-circle
Marshall : Around not three, not four...
Marshall : But five different kinds
Marshall : Of sturdy, cheese-bearing crackers?
Lily : You're a sturdy, cheese-bearing cracker!
Ted : Guys, Lily and Marshall haven't been to the bar all week.
Ted : They're taking this really hard.
Barney : Ted, I could listen to this guilt trip all day,
Barney : But don't you have to get back up to the inn?
Barney : I mean, who's working the front desk?
Ted : Seriously, they're your friends.
Ted : You got to go apologize.
Barney : To your point, Ted, as an innkeeper,
Barney : Do you do that cheapy thing
Barney : Where you only change the linens upon request?
Barney : I mean, I mean, I mean, how much water is that actually saving?
Ted : Robin, you know I'm right.
Ted : Ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away.
Robin : Usually, it just makes it bigger.
Robin : You're right.
Ted : Thank you.
Robin : All that sexlessness has made you wise.
Ted : For god's sake!
Barney : Mint on the pillow, Ted!
Barney : And don't charge for wi-fi. It seems greedy! It does.
UNK: But eventually,
UNK: Even Barney and Robin had to admit
UNK: They owed Lily and Marshall an apology.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Hey.
Robin : We wanted to say we're sorry.
Lily : Oh. I wish you had called.
Marshall : I swear, he was right there
Marshall : Just eating a Belgian waffle!
Guy : Well, he can't have enjoyed it
Guy : As much as I'm enjoying this gouda!
Robin : Oh!
Lily : Um, listen,
Lily : Now's not a good time.
Robin : We'll call you.
Robin : Wai.t We just want...
Marshall : Hey! Hey, guys. Hey. Long time no see.
Barney : Have a seat. Sit.
Lily : Oh, we can't. We're here with Py and Shea.
Marshall : Yeah, sorry.
Robin : Oh, it's just... We haven't seen you guys all week.
Barney : Hey, maybe all six of us could hang out. Yeah.
Lily : Oh, it might be weird. We're kind of on a double date.
Lily : Wouldn't want you to feel like a fifth and sixth wheel.
Barney : Who the hell are these people?
Lily : They just moved here from Hawaii.
UNK: Py is a total foodie and Shea, well... Mmm!
Lily : She's...
UNK: Shea... Shea is just...
Lily : Anyhoo, we can't stay long.
Lily : We're just gonna grab a quick beer and then take these kooks
Lily : For a boat ride around the city.
Robin : Wow, it sounds like this is getting pretty serious.
Marshall : Well, we don't want to jinx it, but, uh...
Marshall : We kind of think they might be the two.
Marshall : Ooh.
Robin : Pfft, who needs 'em?
Barney : Pfft. Not us.
UNK: * Livin' alone *
UNK: * we think of all the friends we've known *