UNK: Ted's father : I hooked up with a waitress.
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh.
UNK: "Oh"?
UNK: Ted's mother : I mean, oh!
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh! Ooh!
UNK: Ted's mother : We're going to have a serious talk
UNK: Ted's mother : About this when we get home, al.
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh, ooh!
Ted : Serious talk?
Ted : Mom, what...?
Ted : He was kissing another woman.
Ted : Don't you care?
Robin : Mrs. Mosby?
UNK: Ted's mother : Ted, we weren't quite sure how to tell you this...
UNK: Ted's father : Your mother and I are divorced.
Ted : You...
Ted : What do you mean you're divorced?
Ted : Since when?
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh, gosh, it's been about nine months now.
UNK: Ted's father : Closer to ten, I think.
UNK: Ted's mother : Time flies.
Ted : So ten months ago, you just up and decided
Ted : To get divorced without telling me?
UNK: Ted's mother : No, it wasn't a snap decision.
UNK: Ted's father : We'd been separated almost two years.
Ted : How could you not tell me this?!
UNK: Ted's mother : We meant to, it just never seemed like the right time.
Ted : So last christmas...?
UNK: Ted's father : We talked about telling you kids then,
UNK: Ted's father : But it didn't seem very christmasy.
Ted : I got you a tandem bike.
UNK: Ted's father : Oh, it didn't go to waste.
UNK: Ted's father : Your mother and frank ride it all the time.
Ted : Who the hell is frank?!
UNK: Ted's father : Oh, great guy.
UNK: Ted's father : I actually set them up.
UNK: Ted's father : You remember dr. Muchnik.
UNK: Ted's father : He did your braces.
Ted : Okay, my head's about to explode,
Ted : And I don't want to get it all over everyone's waffles,
Ted : So I am leaving.
UNK: Ted's mother : Teddy bear, oh...
Barney : You know, he mentioned he was divorced last night.
Barney : I totally spaced on that.
Barney : Ooh, no line at the omelet station.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Lily...
Marshall : I'm sorry that I said all those things.
Lily : Me, too.
Marshall : I just find it really confusing to be around you right now.
Lily : It's the same for me.
Lily : I think we're probably both better off
Lily : Trying to keep some distance for a while.
Marshall : Yeah, I think you're right.
Marshall : Are you wearing a push-up bra?
Lily : Did you mystic tan your calves?
Marshall : I withdraw the question.
UNK: Outside.Ted's father : We're sorry we didn't say anything about the divorce.
UNK: Ted's mother : It was wrong not to tell you.
UNK: Ted's mother : Thank you.
UNK: Ted's father : But listen, don't tell your sister.
UNK: Ted's mother : It would just upset her.
Ted : No, this is ridiculous!
Ted : We have to start talking about stuff, and not just baseball.
UNK: Ted's father : Indians won today on a walk-off double.
Ted : Against the red sox? Boy, that's a big win.
Ted : No. No. No.
Ted : We're not gonna blow past this.
Ted : I mean, I don't even
Ted : Know who you people.
Ted : I don't even know how you met.
UNK: Ted's father : I never told you how I met your mother?
Ted : No.
UNK: Ted's father : Oh, great story.
UNK: Ted's father : At a bar.
Ted : That's it?
Ted : That's what passes for communication in our family?
Ted : Man, when I have kids,
Ted : And I tell them how I met their mother,
Ted : I'm gonna tell them everything, the whole damn story.
UNK: Ted's father : I think it was an irish bar.
Ted : I just, I don't... I don't understand.
Ted : You seemed so happy.
Ted : When I was growing up,
Ted : You seemed so...
Ted : What happened?
UNK: Ted's father : We just realized we're very different people.
UNK: Ted's mother : Your father's kind of a head-in-the-clouds romantic,
UNK: And I'm much more down-to-earth.
Ted : So?
Ted : Robin and I are like that.
Ted : That doesn't mean anything.
UNK: Ted's father : I wanted kids.
UNK: Ted's father : And your mother...
UNK: Ted's father : Also wanted kids.
Ted : Robin and I have different views on families.
Ted : We're not about to break up because of it.
UNK: Ted's mother : On some level, I always knew.
UNK: Ted's mother : I didn't even want to go out with him in the beginning,
UNK: Ted's mother : But he spent months badgering me until I finally gave in.
Ted : Huh.
UNK: Ted's father : Well, when you don't connect on that many fundamental levels,
UNK: Ted's father : It's only a matter of time before you realize
UNK: Ted's father : You're not meant to be together.
UNK: Ted's mother : But we love robin.
UNK: Ted's father : Meeting you was the highlight of my trip.
UNK: Ted's father : Well, second highlight.
UNK: Mrs. Mosby : We'll see you inside.
UNK: Ted's mother : Sorry.
Girl : Wow.
Ted : I know.
Robin : They love me!
UNK: Back inside, later.Ted's mother : We are definitely going to try and communicate more.
UNK: Ted's father : From now on, full disclosure.
Ted : Good. Good, I think it'll be really good for the family.
Ted : By the way, how's grandma?
Ted : She hasn't returned my last couple calls.
UNK: Ted's mother : I'm gonna get some juice.
Ted : No.
Ted : No.
UNK: Ted's father : You missed a great game last night.
UNK: Ted's father : Real squeaker.