UNK: Ted from 2030 : We were expecting my parents at any minute.
Ted : One last thing about my mom.
Ted : She grills every single one of
Ted : My girlfriends about when we're gonna get married and have kids.
Robin : But this is the first time she's meeting me.
UNK: Doesn't matter.
UNK: And you'll know it's coming
UNK: When she mentions my cousin stacy... six kids in five years.
UNK: The woman's basically a ride at a water park.
Robin : But I don't want to get married and have kids.
Robin : What am I supposed to say?
Marshall : You know what?
Ted : You're an adult with perfectly valid opinions.
Ted : You shouldn't have to apologize for them.
UNK: I'm gonna lie. I would.
Lily : Thanks again for letting me have
Marshall : The u2 box set.
Marshall : I know how important it is to you.
UNK: Ted's mother : I talked to aunt caroline the other day.
UNK: Ted's mother : Stacy's pregnant again.
Ted : Oh, good for her.
UNK: So, dear... Oh, boy.
UNK: Ted's mother : Tell us what it's like being a journalist.
Robin : I'm just not ready.
UNK: Ted's mother : Okay. No pressure.
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh.
Robin : Uh, I thought you, um...
Robin : It's great.
UNK: Ted's mother : Good. Focus on your job now,
UNK: Ted's mother : Because your career clock is ticking.
UNK: Ted's mother : There's time for marriage and kids
UNK: Ted's mother : And all that other stuff later.
Barney : Ooh, a piano!
Ted : You lucked out with
Ted : My mom last night, huh?
Ted : What a relief, right?
Robin : Oh, absolutely. Whew, what a relief it is
Robin : To know I'm the one girlfriend
Robin : Your mom doesn't want you to have kids with.
Ted : Hooray?
Robin : I mean, did she really think that your college girlfriend
Robin : Cheryl would pop out attractive children?
Robin : 'Cause I've seen pictures, and, I'm sorry,
Robin : That girl had a brow ridge like a caveman.
Ted : Come on, she was just frowning under direct light.
Ted : And besides, that's not even what I liked about her.
Ted : It was her... It's not important.
Barney : What happened to marshall and lily?
Ted : They've been fighting lately.
Ted : They're probably off somewhere going at it.
Waitress : More coffee?
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh, no, thank you.
UNK: Ted's mother : Isn't she sweet?
Robin : Well, if she's so sweet, maybe she should have ted's babies.
UNK: Ted's mother : Excuse me?
Marshall : Nothing.
Lily : Just a minute.
Marshall : Maybe less.
UNK: Ted's mother : Robin, dear.
UNK: Ted's mother : Did I say something to upset you?
Robin : Why don't you want me to have your grandkids?
UNK: Ted's mother : Do you want to have my grandkids?
UNK: Barney laughing : No!
Robin : I mean, I don't know.
Robin : I just...
Robin : I want you to want me
Robin : To want to have your grandkids.
Robin : And you should.
Robin : I'm a genetic gold mine.
Robin : No family history of diabetes
Robin : Everyone has nonporous teeth and perfect eyesight.
Robin : I had one schizophrenic uncle, but even he had perfect vision,
Robin : Which was unfortunate for the people around
Robin : The bell tower he was in, but still he was
Robin : A very fine man, and...
Marshall : Excuse me. Sorry.
Marshall : Didn't know that there was a line.
Lily : Marshall, your zipper.
UNK: Oh. Right.
UNK: Ted's mother : Robin, it's not that I don't want grandkids.
UNK: Ted's mother : It's just I don't think anyone should make the mistake
UNK: Ted's mother : Of getting married too young.
Robin : Why do you say that?
Robin : I mean, you got married pretty young.
Robin : That wasn't a mistake.
Robin : Was it?
UNK: Ted's mother : Well...
UNK: Ted's mother : Okay, there's something you don't know.
Waitress : Smile.
Lily : I wish your face would melt off.
Marshall : I wish your eyeballs would explode.
Ted : I'm gonna kill him.
Robin : I don't care how unpleasant it is,
Robin : You have to talk to him.
UNK: Not now. Okay, if you don't, I will.
UNK: Ted's mother : Robin...!
UNK: Ted's father : Oh, gosh, let me help you pick those up, sweetheart.
Ted : Sweetheart?
Ted : Sweetheart?!
Ted : The only sweetheart in your life
Ted : Should be the woman you married 30 years ago,
Ted : Not the waitress at the bar last night
Ted : And not this clumsy floozy!
Ted : I'm sorry, you're not a floozy.
UNK: I'm upset; I don't know what I'm saying.
Ted : But stay away from my dad.
UNK: Ted's mother : Ted, what are you talking about?
Ted : Dad?
Ted : You, uh, want to tell mom
Ted : What happened at the bar last night?
Robin : Okay.