Marshall : Oh, well, that's too bad; I'm keeping it.
Marshall : And you know the u2 box set I gave you?
Marshall : Look inside... All dave matthews.
Lily : You are evil.
UNK: The waitress taking a photo : Smile.
Ted : I'm going to kill him.
Barney : I can't say I blame you.
Ted : No, I mean I'm seriously going to kill him.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Now let's talk about the barney part of the story.
UNK: The previous day, at the apartment.Ted from 2030 : This was going to be robin's first time meeting my parents,
UNK: The previous day, at the apartment.Ted from 2030 : So we were both a little nervous.
Ted : Barney, what are you doing here?
Barney : Uh... I'm here to meet your parents.
Barney : They must be dying to meet me after all
Barney : The legendary barney stories you've told them.
Ted : I haven't told them any legendary barney stories. What?
UNK: Barney, here is a list of all the things
UNK: I talk with my dad about : Baseball.
Barney : But I'm your best friend.
Ted : Well, actually marshall's my...
Barney : I'm the most important person in your life.
Ted : Well, robin's actually... Barney : How could your parents
Barney : Not know about me?
Robin : To us, sure, in very small, infrequent doses.
Robin : I mean, come on, you're not exactly
Robin : The kind of friend parents want their kid to have.
Barney : Oh, really?
Barney : Then I guess those shoes aren't the thing
Barney : You're most wrong about today.
Marshall : Um...
Ted : Hey, mom.
UNK: Hey, dad. Mr. Mosby : Ted.
Ted : I know you've all been excited to meet...
Barney : Barney stinson.
Barney : An honor to meet the two of you.
Barney : That needlepoint "bless this mess" pillow you made for ted...
Barney : What a stitch.
Barney : Stitch! Did that just happen?
Ted : Uh, mom, dad,
Ted : This is my girlfriend, robin.
UNK: Hello. Robin : Hello.
UNK: Mrs. Mosby : Oh, it's wonderful
UNK: Ted's mother : To meet you, robin.
UNK: Ted's mother : Oh, you are so pretty.
UNK: Ted's mother : Isn't she pretty, al?
UNK: Ted's father : A real looker.
UNK: That's funny, I didn't even "look" in the mirror today.
UNK: That's not anything, is it?
UNK: So, I made a reservation at san marino tonight for 8 : 00.
UNK: Barney laughing : San marino.
UNK: Barney laughing : Oh, you're serious? Yikes.
UNK: Barney laughing : No. We have to try casa a pezzi.
UNK: Barney laughing : Best salmon risotto I have ever had.
UNK: Ted's mother : I love salmon risotto.
Ted : I know.
Robin : How are we supposed to get a table at casa a pezzi?
Robin : They're booked for weeks.
Barney : Well, lucky for you,
Barney : I happen to know the head waitress,
Barney : Which is ironic because...
Barney : Ironic because we both work
Barney : At a homeless shelter where I serve the food.
Barney : Where do you volunteer, robin?
Robin : What's the matter with you?
Robin : I'm his girlfriend, and I'm not even trying that hard.
Robin : Way to wreck the curve, kiss-ass.
Barney : Robin, I'm his best friend.
UNK: Girlfriend, that's like a bad flu.
Barney : Out of your system after a couple weeks in bed.
Barney : High five.
UNK: Ted's mother : Can I help?
Barney : Yes, you can, virginia.
Barney : There's a story behind that brooch,
Barney : And I'm going to hear it.
UNK: Ted's mother : Well, funny you should ask.
UNK: Mr. Mosby : Whoa! Bravo, barney.
UNK: Ted's mother : That is my all-time favorite sonata.
UNK: Ted's mother : Barney, you are just delightful.
Barney : No, virginia, you're delightful, I am deligh-ted.
Barney : And he's just ted.
Barney : I'm really not planning these things;
Barney : They just keep happening.
Lily : I think I dropped an ice cube down here.
Lily : Ow, it's so cold.
Lily : All right, that's it, I'm out of here.
Marshall : In a minute.
Barney : Anyone up for a drink at maclaren's?