Ryan : I'm just saying,
UNK: the first Valentine's Day you spend with somebody is important.
Esposito : Yeah, but Lanie doesn't care about that stuff.
UNK: All women care.
UNK: Beckett, you and Josh, you got big plans for Valentine's Day, right?
Beckett : Josh is a surgeon, I'm a cop.
Beckett : In the unlikely event that we have a couple of hours free on Monday night,
Beckett : we might go to dinner.
UNK: See?
UNK: Hey, Castle, it's Beckett. Call me when you get this.
Esposito : Ooh! Castle's gonna be sorry that he missed this one.
UNK: Why?
Esposito : Rich people, man. Society murders are always the freakiest.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : The owner of the house, Damian Westlake,
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : says all was well when he left at 5 : 00 p.m. to meet his neighbor,
UNK: Charles Utley, for a game of pick-up.
UNK: When the men returned at 6 : 00 p.m.,
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : Victoria Westlake was dead.
Beckett : Murder weapon?
Beckett : Nail gun.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : It's over there.
Esposito : See? Told you.
UNK: Freaky.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : The back door was ajar.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : Officers found what appears to be a gang tag
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : on the rear wall of the building.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : The paint's fresh.
Esposito : I'll reach out to the gang unit, see if they can ID it for us.
Ryan : And I'll talk with Mr. Utley.
Beckett : Westlakes have a dog.
Beckett : So if neighbors heard barking, we might be able to pinpoint a timeline.
UNK: We've canvassed, and nobody heard the dog.
UNK: The ME tentatively puts time of death between 4 : 30 and 6 : 00.
UNK: 4 : 30. Which means she might have been dead
UNK: before the husband left the house.
UNK: Where is Mr. Westlake?
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : Mr. Westlake. I'm Detective Kate...
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : Damian Westlake is an old friend of mine from boarding school.
Castle : He knows about my relationship with the NYPD,
Castle : he just called me to give him some support.
Beckett : Which is when you should have called me to let me know.
Castle : I just got here, and I had no idea this would be your case.
Beckett : Well, now that you do,
Beckett : is there anything you want to tell me that might be pertinent?
Castle : Nothing. I'd never even met Vicky.
Castle : But now at least I can tell Damian
Castle : the finest detective in New York City is working his wife's case.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Everything was fine when she left.
UNK: Damian Westlake : The last thing she said to me was, "Have a good game."
Beckett : Mr. Westlake, do you know of anyone that might have wanted to harm Vicky?
UNK: Damian Westlake : No. Everyone loved her.
UNK: Someone spray-painted your back wall.
Beckett : Did you notice anyone suspicious hanging out when you left?
UNK: No.
UNK: Vicky shouldn't even have been here.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She came home early from work with a headache.
Castle : Hey, we're gonna catch the guy who did this, okay? I promise.
Beckett : What did she do for a living?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Interior design.
Beckett : And you?
Castle : Damian's a writer.
Beckett : Anything I might have read?
UNK: Nah, I've never been published.
Beckett : How long were the two of you married?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Five years.
Beckett : And would you characterize your relationship as happy?
Castle : Whoa. Why would you need to ask that?
UNK: It's all right, Ricky.
UNK: I loved my wife very much.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She was my whole world.
Beckett : Mr. Westlake, I'm sorry,
Beckett : but I'm gonna have to ask you a few questions about the murder weapon...
UNK: Okay. Why would you need to ask him about the murder weapon?
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : The nail gun, was that yours?
UNK: Damian Westlake : No. We've been doing some remodeling.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Any tools in the house belong to the workmen.
Beckett : Did you ever have any...
Castle : Were there ever any issues with these workmen?
UNK: Yeah,
UNK: Damian Westlake : I overheard Vicky on the phone with someone last Friday evening.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She told him he was fired and he shouldn't come back.
Castle : You know his name?
UNK: No, I asked her about it,
UNK: Damian Westlake : she told me it was nothing.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Talk to Amber Patinelli. Amber works for Vicky.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Look, if you don't mind,
UNK: Damian Westlake : I really need to call Vicky's ex-husband, Simon, and her kids.
UNK: I'm sure the press are gonna be all over this,
UNK: Damian Westlake : and I don't want them to hear about it on television.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Of course.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Excuse me.
Castle : Hey! Why are you mad at me? I'm just looking out for my friend.
Beckett : You challenged my authority in front of a suspect, Castle.
Castle : Since when is Damian a suspect?
Beckett : Right now everyone is, you know that. That's how I do my job.
Beckett : I will not have you get in the way of an investigation.
Castle : I won't. I won't. I promise.
UNK: But now can we get on to real suspects, like, workmen.
Castle : Like mystery gang members.
Castle : Question away.
UNK: Look,