Castle : There's got to be a reasonable explanation.
Beckett : Well, let's go see if we can find it.
UNK: Callie Langston : Mr. Castle, welcome back. It's been a long time.
Castle : Yes, well, I've been working a lot. No time for play.
Beckett : We're actually here about another one of your members, Damian Westlake.
Beckett : Apparently he would come here often, rent a playroom.
UNK: Callie Langston : I should probably get my supervisor...
Castle : Callie, it's okay, you can tell us.
Castle : Was Damian meeting someone here?
UNK: Callie Langston : We're not supposed to get involved with members.
UNK: Callie Langston : Especially married members,
UNK: Callie Langston : but Damian...
UNK: Callie Langston : We couldn't help it.
UNK: Callie Langston : We fell in love.
Beckett : Did he tell you that he planned on leaving his wife?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Did he tell you about the problems with the money?
UNK: Callie Langston : No. Mrs. Westlake did.
Castle : You spoke to Mrs. Westlake?
UNK: Callie Langston : She came to the club Wednesday morning.
UNK: Callie Langston : She said that she had figured it out about Damian and me,
UNK: Callie Langston : - and she wanted to warn me. - About what?
UNK: Callie Langston : Mrs. Westlake said that she was going to leave Damian,
UNK: Callie Langston : and then he wouldn't have any money.
UNK: Callie Langston : She said he couldn't live without money,
UNK: Callie Langston : so he would find someone else,
UNK: Callie Langston : a woman who could support him.
Beckett : And did you tell Damian about the conversation you had with his wife?
Beckett : And what did he say?
UNK: Callie Langston : He said he loved me, and that nothing would keep us apart.
UNK: Callie Langston : Then I heard about Mrs. Westlake on the news.
Beckett : Did you talk to Damian after you heard about his wife's murder?
UNK: Callie Langston : Just once.
UNK: Callie Langston : He said we couldn't see each other for a while,
UNK: Callie Langston : until things calmed down.
UNK: Callie Langston : He told me that he didn't do it.
UNK: But then he said, you know, if the cops asked me,
UNK: Callie Langston : that I should say that we weren't together.
UNK: Callie Langston : That it could make him look bad.
UNK: Callie Langston : What am I supposed to think?
Beckett : Callie's alibi checks out.
Beckett : She was at work on Wednesday until 7 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Uniforms are bringing Damian in now.
Castle : Look, maybe Damian is a cheater
Castle : and a bum and a bad husband.
UNK: Maybe?
UNK: But that doesn't make him a killer.
Castle : And you keep looking at me like I'm crazy for believing in him,
Castle : but that's just because you don't know him.
Beckett : Castle, neither do you.
Beckett : The Damian that you think you know doesn't exist.
Beckett : You made him up. Just like you made up Derrick Storm.
Beckett : Just like you made up Nikki Heat.
Beckett : He's a character in a story that you told yourself
Beckett : when you were a homesick 14-year-old little boy.
Beckett : Maybe it's time to let him go.
Beckett : You can watch from observation. You don't want to be in there for this.
Beckett : If you're innocent, Mr. Westlake,
Beckett : why is it every time I turn over a rock in this case,
Beckett : some dirty secret of yours slithers out?
UNK: Damian Westlake : I didn't do this.
Beckett : That's what you said to the cops in Puerto Rico, too.
Beckett : Isn't it funny how you keep finding yourself in the same situation,
Beckett : telling the same stories?
Beckett : I've got a story, too. You want to hear it?
Beckett : My story is about a handsome little prince
Beckett : who only ever wanted to live well, so he killed his dad, the king,
Beckett : and he stole all of his gold, and he spent it
Beckett : and he spent it until it was all gone.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I didn't marry Vicky for her money. I loved her.
Beckett : And what about Callie? That's right, Damian, we talked to her.
Beckett : She said that you were in love with her,
Beckett : Vicky was leaving you. Soon, you'd be free to have your happily ever after.
UNK: But there was just one problem. Once again, you were out of gold.
Beckett : Vicky stood between you and a fortune.
UNK: And we know what happens to people when they do that.
Beckett : You were the last one to see her alive. You were the only one with motive.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : But I didn't kill her!
Castle : Alexis up and gone already?
UNK: Oh, yeah, she wanted to window-shop before her violin lesson.
Martha : It's her first Valentine's Day with Ashley