Esposito : Called the graffiti squad.
Esposito : They've been tracking this guy. Got a pop on his location.
UNK: All right! Let's go get this guy! Huh!
Beckett : - Okay, go. I got it. - Thank you.
Esposito : Yo, Omar.
Esposito : Come here.
Ryan : NYPD. Come on down.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : So long, Detectives.
Esposito : - Hey! Hey. Hey!
Ryan : Hey, wait a minute.
UNK: Oh, no! Oh!
Esposito : NYPD! Stop the truck!
UNK: Stop! Stop the truck! Stop!
UNK: All right, get down!
UNK: Yo, if this is about that dead rich lady, I don't know nothing.
UNK: All right, come on, let's go.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Okay, I was at the house, yeah. But I didn't kill her.
Esposito : Here's what I think happened, Omar.
Esposito : You were back there tagging the wall
UNK: when Mrs. Westlake opens the door and sees you.
Esposito : You shove her inside and you grab the first weapon you find,
Esposito : so that she doesn't call the cops and you don't get busted on your parole.
Castle : No, no!
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Look, I tagged the wall. Right after that I hit the flower shop on 63rd.
UNK: The owner sees me, pulls a.38.
UNK: I get out of there hella fast.
Castle : - Ask him. - What time was this?
UNK: Quarter to 5 : 00 about.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : You make this vandalism charge go away,
UNK: Omar Lincoln : I'll tell you fine detectives who did it.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Her husband.
Castle : - Come on. - Castle.
UNK: All right, Omar. Talk to me.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : I heard them two fighting. I mean, breezy had her Park Avenue on.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : "You're a liar, you're a thief.
UNK: "I'm sorry I ever met you! I want a divorce!"
UNK: Omar Lincoln : If I was him,
UNK: I would've killed her, too, just to shut her up.
UNK: Um...
Castle : I mean...
UNK: Don't need to write that.
Castle : I can't believe we're taking Omar Lincoln at his word.
UNK: I'm taking the word of Dan Samuels, who confirms at 4 : 50 p.m.
UNK: he was at his flower shop pointing a.38 at Omar Lincoln,
UNK: and that Omar ran north,
UNK: which is in the opposite direction of the Westlakes' townhouse.
Castle : Yes, but maybe he doubled back.
Esposito : Omar says that he overheard the Westlakes
UNK: having a knockdown drag-out, and that she used the "D" word.
Beckett : Damian told us that things were fine between them,
Beckett : and that the last thing that Vicky said to him was,
UNK: Damian Westlake : "Have a good game."
Castle : They had a fight. Married people fight.
Beckett : Well, then why did Damian lie to us about it?
UNK: Maybe he was afraid you'd, I don't know, suspect him of murder.
Beckett : Or maybe he was afraid that we'd figure out what the fight was about.
Beckett : These are Damian's credit card charges.
Castle : Yeah, we went over those. Cigars, scotch, box seats.
Ryan : This is a different card. Took us a while to find it
Ryan : because Damian paid the bill from a pocket account
Ryan : and he kept it a secret from Vicky.
Beckett : And given the charges, I'm sure he's keeping other secrets.
Beckett : There's a florist. Some jewelry store at the mall.
Beckett : And he rented a playroom at the Varick Club at least once a week.
Ryan : What's in a playroom?
Castle : Not much more than a bed.
UNK: Yes, I'm a member.
Ryan : So, why would Damian rent a bed when he had a nice big townhouse?