UNK: Damian Westlake : once we were over.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I've led a careless and wasteful life, Detective.
UNK: Damian Westlake : But I'm no killer.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Twenty-six diamonds. They're all there.
Castle : Detective Salazar, I'm Richard Castle.
Castle : Thank you very much for meeting me.
UNK: Ray Salazar : I'm retired now, so you can call me Ray.
UNK: All right, so, Ray,
Castle : what kind of man leaves beautiful Puerto Rico
Castle : to retire in freezing cold New York?
UNK: Ray Salazar : The kind of man whose beautiful wife is from Long Island.
UNK: Understood.
UNK: Ray Salazar : So, you said on the phone this was about the Philip Westlake case.
UNK: Damian Westlake : - That's right. - I really hated leaving the job
UNK: Ray Salazar : with that one still unsolved.
Castle : Well, maybe I can help with that.
Castle : Did you ever manage to identify the man that neighbors saw
Alexis : outside the Westlake home the night of the murder?
UNK: Ray Salazar : Thought we did. He looked a lot like a local tough named Enrique Molina.
UNK: Ray Salazar : But when we brought Molina in,
UNK: Ray Salazar : the neighbors couldn't pick him out of a lineup.
Castle : That's because it wasn't Molina.
UNK: Ray Salazar : I'm listening.
Castle : Michael Rutherford was a scholarship kid at Edgewyck Academy
Castle : where Damian Westlake and I went to school.
Castle : He was smart, but a sociopath. A thief.
Castle : The kid barely graduated.
UNK: Ray Salazar : Were Rutherford and Westlake friends?
Castle : No. As a matter of fact
Castle : it was Damian who turned him in to the headmaster for stealing.
Castle : But they did run in some of the same circles,
Castle : sometimes went to the same parties.
Castle : What if Michael Rutherford
Castle : heard about the Westlake vacation home in Puerto Rico?
Castle : It was nearly always vacant, full of treasure.
UNK: He could have made a small fortune
Castle : and gotten revenge on Damian at the same time.
Ryan : Hey! How'd it go?
Beckett : Damian Westlake is a thief and a cheater,
Beckett : but he might not be our killer.
Beckett : You guys, I hate admitting it, but Castle might be right.
Ryan : We've also been thinking that Castle might be right.
Esposito : Info's back on Simon Campbell.
Esposito : Vicky's ex-husband is what they like to call overextended.
Ryan : Campbell's real estate firm took a big hit two years ago
UNK: and he borrowed heavily to cover costs.
Ryan : Man needs a cash transfusion. Stat.
UNK: Is Simon in Vicky's will?
Ryan : He gets the deed to the brownstone, which is worth over $5 million.
Ryan : He's also the executor of their children's estate.
Esposito : Now, he was at home with the kids at the time of the murder,
Esposito : but he was on the second floor and they were on the third.
UNK: So, he could have snuck out and been back before anyone noticed.
Ryan : Which brings us to the Campbell brownstone,
Ryan : and its very sophisticated security system.
Ryan : It records every door opening, every window.
UNK: Our friendly ADA got us a warrant, and we talked to the alarm company.
UNK: At 4 : 37 p.m. on Wednesday, the front door opens.
UNK: At 5 : 42 it opened again.
Beckett : Which means someone left before the murder, and then returned after.
Beckett : You know, I'd like to talk to our Mr. Simon Campbell.
Esposito : Well, we called his place.
Esposito : He's out all evening on personal business,
Esposito : and he's not picking up his cell phone.
UNK: Okay. Sit on his house. When he gets back home, bring him in.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : All right.
UNK: So what'd you decide about Lanie and Valentine's Day?
Esposito : Oh... I'm gonna play it safe and show up with a gift.
UNK: Hmm...
Esposito : Found this little jewelry store that sells stuff, you know,
Esposito : that girlfriends like.
Esposito : Necklaces, charm bracelets. How about you? What're you gonna do?
Ryan : Jenny loves chocolate.
Esposito : Jenny's planning her wedding.
Esposito : Your girl's on a diet, and you're gonna give her chocolate?
Ryan : Hey! Hey, hey! It's Simon.
UNK: Oh, and he's got a little valentine of his own, doesn't he?
Esposito : Is that Amber Patinelli? Vicky Westlake's employee?
UNK: And you're sure it's her?
Beckett : So much for Simon saying that he wanted to reconcile with Vicky.
UNK: What do you want us to do?
UNK: Thought so. Let's bring them both in.
Castle : I was hoping you'd still be here.
Beckett : I was just about to call you.