UNK: Castle/beckett : - I think I know who the killer is. - I think I know who the killer is.
Beckett : I appreciate you coming in.
UNK: Simon Campbell : Detective, it's very late.
Beckett : This'll be quick. I didn't realize that the two of you were a couple.
UNK: Simon Campbell : Well, it's very casual.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : For a long time, we were just friends.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : I was a shoulder to cry on after the divorce.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : It's only been recently that...
Beckett : Any plans for Valentine's Day?
UNK: I had nothing special, no.
Castle : You were hoping to spend it with Vicky, right?
UNK: Amber Patinelli : What does that mean?
UNK: Simon?
UNK: Simon Campbell : Vicky and I have been talking, that's all.
UNK: Simon Campbell : How is this relevant to anything, Detective?
Beckett : Did Vicky know about you and Amber?
UNK: Simon Campbell : No. I didn't want her to know.
Castle : So it's possible that Vicky innocently confided in her friend, Amber,
Castle : telling her she was leaving Damian and going back to Simon.
Castle : Not knowing that he was your Simon now.
Beckett : Amber, you called for a company car at 4 : 15 on Wednesday afternoon.
Beckett : We just talked to the dispatcher.
Beckett : He says you ordered a sedan and kept it for an hour.
Beckett : A round trip to the Westlakes' and back.
Beckett : We found a nail gun with fingerprints that we couldn't identify.
Beckett : If we compare them to yours, do you think we'd find a match?
Beckett : You didn't go there intending to kill her, did you?
UNK: No.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : I just wanted to talk.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : She could have any man she wanted.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : And I begged her to let me have you.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : She said no.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : I love you so much. She could never love you the way that I do.
UNK: Damian Westlake : So you're saying that Amber didn't even know about my past.
UNK: It wasn't a frame, just a strange coincidence?
Castle : Or kismet.
Castle : Where are you off to?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Barcelona. I gotta get away.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Thank Detective Beckett for me, will you?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Congratulate her on solving the case.
Castle : Well, actually, we solved two cases.
UNK: Damian Westlake : What's this?
Castle : That's a sketch of Michael Rutherford.
Castle : I found it in your father's murder file.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Michael Rutherford? From school?
UNK: Damian Westlake : I don't understand.
Castle : He broke into your house. He shot your father.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Oh, my God.
Castle : They found him, Damian. He's been arrested.
UNK: Damian Westlake : After all this time?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Can they even prove that he did it?
Castle : There was a cigarette butt left at the scene.
Castle : Detective Salazar made sure it was preserved. The DNA is a match.
UNK: Hmm...
Castle : Michael made a deal, Damian. He confessed.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Wow, this is... It is pretty overwhelming.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I got a plane to catch, so maybe we should just talk about this later.
Castle : Michael told the cops you got in touch with him.
Castle : Asked him if he wanted to make a lot of money for one night's work.
Castle : You gave him your Rolex and your car as a down payment.
Castle : When your inheritance came through, he got a half million dollars
UNK: and a one-way ticket to Los Angeles.
Castle : He still has your Rolex.
Castle : And a map that you drew of your father's house,
Castle : with a path leading straight to his bedroom.
UNK: Rick, he's lying.
Castle : Tell me you didn't do it.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Ricky, I...
Castle : Tell me I haven't been believing in you all this time for nothing.
UNK: That's them.
Castle : Detective Salazar and some New York detectives.
UNK: They're here to take you in.
UNK: I told them you'd be a gentleman.
Beckett : "Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy."
Beckett : F. Scott Fitzgerald said that.
UNK: Then it must have been Ernest Hemingway who said,
Castle : "Man, I sure could use a drink right about now."
Beckett : Lead the way. I'm buying.
Castle : It's Valentine's Day.
Castle : Shouldn't you be in a nice candlelit restaurant,
Castle : wearing a new dress, ordering surf and turf?
Beckett : I've got a couple of hours. You okay?
Castle : Yeah. I'm fine.
UNK: Liar.