Castle : And no one had ever said anything like that to me before.
UNK: And Damian, he encouraged me, he critiqued me,
Castle : he always made me dig a little deeper.
Castle : Without Damian Westlake, I'm a lawyer,
Castle : I'm a grifter, I'm a rodeo clown,
Castle : but I am not a writer.
Castle : Without him, I'm not me.
UNK: Yo, I ran a standard background check on Damian Westlake.
Esposito : Turns out Vicky isn't the first family member that he's lost to violence.
Castle : You mean his father?
UNK: When Damian was 19
Castle : his father was killed at the Westlake vacation home in Puerto Rico.
Beckett : Not killed, Castle. Murdered.
Esposito : And you didn't tell us.
Castle : Tell you what?
Castle : How is the tragic death of Damian's father, over two decades ago,
Castle : in any way relevant to this case?
Beckett : I'll tell you how.
Beckett : The cops that were investigating that case
Beckett : named Damian as the prime suspect.
Beckett : Castle, it's one thing for you to look out for your friend,
Beckett : it's a completely different story when you hide vital information from me.
Castle : I wasn't hiding it. I just didn't think it mattered.
Beckett : You didn't think it mattered
Beckett : that Damian was a suspect in a previous homicide.
Castle : I didn't know he was a suspect.
Castle : And since he was never arrested, and that case is still unsolved,
Castle : I'm guessing those cops have a lot of theories and no evidence.
Castle : Like another detective I could name right about now.
Beckett : You know, if this was anybody else,
Beckett : you'd be asking me why I hadn't already slapped the cuffs on him.
Castle : But it isn't anyone else,
Castle : and I'm telling you, you are way off base on this one.
Ryan : What's going on?
Esposito : Mom and Dad are fighting.
Ryan : Who's winning?
Beckett : We agreed that you would stay out of my way on this.
Castle : Yes, but I did not agree
Castle : I would stand by and let you railroad my friend...
Beckett : Castle, you are too close to this one. You need to go home! Now!
UNK: Yeah...
Ryan : Yeah, thanks, Bill. Really appreciate that.
UNK: - I'll find it soon. Okay. Yeah, soon as possible.
Beckett : Let's get a hold of Philip Westlake's case file.
UNK: I wanna find out why no arrests were made.
Beckett : And Vicky Westlake's ex-husband, Simon Campbell,
Beckett : let's bring him in.
UNK: Sorry, I had to get out of there.
Castle : I keep thinking I'm gonna hear Vicky's voice,
UNK: or I'm gonna come around a corner and see her curled up on the sofa.
Castle : Listen, Damian, I'm sorry, something's come up in the investigation.
Castle : Your father's murder.
Castle : You were a suspect.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Some creep broke into our house, robbed the place and shot my father.
UNK: Damian Westlake : The cops decided on day one that it must have been me.
Castle : Were you there?
UNK: Damian Westlake : I was at college, 2,000 miles away.
Castle : I know you and your father didn't have the best relationship.
UNK: Damian Westlake : It only got worse after my mother passed away.
Castle : And when he died, you inherited...
UNK: Everything.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Detective Beckett thinks I got away with murder once,
UNK: Damian Westlake : and now I've done it again, doesn't she?
UNK: Damian, you should have told me.
Castle : I'm not a cop, I'm your friend.
UNK: Damian Westlake : That's right. You are.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Remember when you first came to Edgewyck?
Beckett : I remember.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I was the one that told them to give you a chance.