Martha : had it engraved "true love,"
Martha : and put in a picture of his pet rat, Theodore.
Castle : Heartfelt, yet humorous. Genius.
Alexis : What's in the box?
UNK: This is Philip Westlake's murder file.
Castle : I told Beckett I'm gonna solve the case.
Martha : Oh, Richard...
Castle : What? You're the one who told me to follow my heart.
Martha : Yes, but, you know...
Alexis : Dad, that case is older than me.
Castle : This doesn't sound like encouragement.
UNK: Then, would you like some help?
Castle : Yes, I would.
Beckett : To hire a gunman you need cash.
UNK: And according to everything that we've been through here,
Beckett : Damian didn't have any.
Esposito : Yeah, well, it's somewhere. We just haven't found it yet.
UNK: With all the expensive knickknacks in that house,
Ryan : maybe he pawned a figurine.
Beckett : Vicky was a designer. She was meticulous.
UNK: She would have noticed if something went missing.
Beckett : Like the engagement ring.
Esposito : Got something?
Beckett : Omar Lincoln overheard Vicky call Damian a thief.
Beckett : And when Vicky apologized to Morris Hasberg
Beckett : for accusing him of stealing her engagement ring, she cried.
Beckett : Maybe she wasn't crying because of Morris.
Beckett : Maybe she was crying because she realized
Beckett : that her husband was stealing from her.
Ryan : CSU said the ring was accounted for.
Beckett : Vicky's credit card. Wasn't there an appraiser on it?
Esposito : Yeah. Why?
Beckett : I think I know how Damian got his money.
UNK: Wallace Benner : It was terrible what happened to Mrs. Westlake.
Beckett : She came to see you Tuesday afternoon.
Ryan : What for?
UNK: Wallace Benner : Well, she wanted her jewelry appraised.
UNK: Wallace Benner : I'm afraid I had some bad news for her. The stones were imitation.
UNK: Wallace Benner : And I see that quite a bit.
UNK: Wallace Benner : People need cash in a hurry, but they don't want to give up their jewelry.
UNK: Wallace Benner : So they sell the diamonds and they replace them
UNK: Wallace Benner : with high quality silicon carbide.
Beckett : Was one of the pieces an 11 -carat engagement ring?
UNK: Wallace Benner : Yes. The entire basket setting had been replaced.
UNK: Wallace Benner : She said that's how she knew something was wrong.
Castle : This whole case file is just one long loop leading back to Damian.
Alexis : Apparently, neighbors saw someone
Alexis : loitering outside the Westlake home the night of the murder.
UNK: Here's the sketch.
UNK: Officer Greta Bailey : - What? - Alexis, I know this guy.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Can we talk for a moment?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Have you come to apologize?
UNK: No.
UNK: Damian Westlake : At least you're honest. What can I do for you, Detective?
Beckett : You could show me the diamonds that you stole from Vicky.
Beckett : I spoke to Wallace Benner, the jeweler on the West Side.
Beckett : He said that he replaced your wife's diamonds with imitation ones.
Beckett : Over a period of several weeks, he exchanged 26 diamonds,
UNK: worth over $8 million, and gave you the real ones.
UNK: Damian Westlake : But doesn't this argue against your theory that I killed my wife?
UNK: If I have $8 million, why wouldn't I just leave?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Be with Callie?
Beckett : Greed. You used the first diamond as a down payment for the contract killer.
Beckett : Once Vicky was dead, you'd inherit and double your take.
UNK: Damian Westlake : You really think I'm that cold?
Beckett : Personally, I have no doubt.
Beckett : But Richard Castle believes in you, and I believe in him.
Beckett : So show me those diamonds.
Beckett : Show me that none of them are missing or I will haul your ass back to jail.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I only changed the diamonds I had given her.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Those pieces cost me millions of dollars,
UNK: Damian Westlake : and I knew she'd have no particular attachment to them