Castle : I promised Damian we would get the guy that did this.
Castle : Let me help you. Please.
Esposito : Yo, Castle.
Ryan : - Hey, you made it. - Yeah.
Ryan : So I talked with Damian Westlake's friend, Charles Utley.
Ryan : He said Damian was distraught when he found his wife's body.
Ryan : But he also says that during their normally friendly game,
Ryan : Damian was unusually tense and aggressive.
Esposito : So maybe he shoots his wife, then goes shoot some hoops,
Esposito : injures his friend, brings him inside to establish an alibi.
Castle : Vicky Westlake had an argument with one of her workers on Friday.
Castle : A worker who, and I'm just speculating here,
Castle : may have some experience with nail guns.
Castle : Maybe we should go run check out that lead
Castle : before we rush to judgment on an innocent man.
Beckett : I'm sorry, is this you staying out of the way?
Castle : This is me simply making a point about remaining objective.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Excuse me, Amber Patinelli?
Esposito : I'm Detective Esposito, this is Detective Ryan.
Ryan : We'd like to talk with you about Vicky Westlake.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Of course. Oh, my God, it's just so terrible.
Esposito : Vicky's husband said that she had a fight
Esposito : with one of the workmen at her house.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : She fired the carpenter, Morris Hasberg.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Oh, my God, you don't think that Morris did this?
Ryan : We're looking at several suspects.
Esposito : What did Morris do to get fired?
UNK: Amber Patinelli : He stole her engagement ring.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Vicky was afraid of getting mugged, so she didn't wear it much.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Vicky looked for it in her jewelry box last week, and it was missing.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Jewelry box?
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Morris was hired to make a cabinet for the master bath.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : He was the only person in the bedroom.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Vicky told him if he didn't return the ring, she'd have to call the police.
UNK: Morris went crazy.
Ryan : Crazy how?
UNK: Amber Patinelli : He came to the house on Monday morning and he made a scene.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : He said that if she didn't stop telling lies, bad things would happen.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Morris Hasberg.
Esposito : It turns out the Westlakes' carpenter learned his trade at Sing Sing,
Esposito : where he did eight to ten for armed robbery back in the late '90s.
Ryan : Witnesses report seeing his truck in front of the Westlakes' townhouse
Ryan : on the day of the murder.
Castle : Do I see two men jumping on a hot, workman-related lead?
Castle : That sounded a lot dirtier than I wanted it to.
Ryan : - We'll bring him in. - Okay.
UNK: Actually, those are... Those were...
UNK: See, I told you it wasn't Damian.
Beckett : I never said it was.
Beckett : In fact, I would be very happy if Morris was our guy.
UNK: You have wrong guy.
Beckett : Morris, forensics came back on the nail gun.
Beckett : Your fingerprints are all over the murder weapon.
UNK: Morris Hasberg : I must use nail gun. For carpenter.
Beckett : Well, then, what was your truck doing parked on her street on Wednesday?
UNK: Morris Hasberg : She say come see her.
UNK: You expect us to believe
UNK: that Mrs. Westlake invited you back into her house
UNK: after you stole her ring and threatened her?
UNK: Mrs. Westlake, she find the ring.
UNK: Morris Hasberg : She call to me and say to come there.
UNK: Morris Hasberg : And then she say sorry to accuse.
UNK: Morris Hasberg : She cry.
Beckett : She cry... She cried?
UNK: Is truth.
UNK: Hasberg's alibi is truth.
Castle : Shut the front door.
Beckett : CSU inventoried the jewelry and the engagement ring is there.
Castle : But there were other prints on the weapon?
Beckett : Partials. But none of them are in our system.
Castle : Okay, so, what's our new theory? Who's our new suspect?
Castle : Come on, not Damian.
Beckett : Castle, bad guys breaking into houses bring their own weapons.
Beckett : Dogs bark at strangers.
Beckett : And over one third of domestic female homicide victims
Beckett : are murdered by their husbands.
Castle : I don't care about statistics.
Castle : I am telling you, Damian is not capable of murder.
UNK: I can say that about maybe three people that I've met in my entire life.
Beckett : What is it about this guy
Beckett : that warrants this unshakable faith that you have in him?
UNK: When I was 14, my mom sent me to Edgewyck Academy.
UNK: I...
Castle : I was homesick, and I didn't have any friends.
Castle : So I wrote about it.
Castle : One day, I submitted a story to the literary magazine.
Castle : Damian Westlake was the editor.
Beckett : And he published it.
Castle : More than that.
Castle : He called me down to his office, he sat me down, and he said, "Ricky,
UNK: "you have a great talent."