UNK: Damian Westlake : I'm looking for the same chance now.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, how did you get along with your ex-wife?
UNK: Simon Campbell : Well, it was hard for a while, I was bitter.
UNK: Simon Campbell : - Vicky left me for him, you know. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Simon Campbell : We had a home, we had two kids going into their teens
UNK: Simon Campbell : and she fell madly in love with Damian Westlake and left me.
Beckett : And what did you know about him? About his past?
UNK: Simon Campbell : I know he doesn't work. He comes from money, I guess.
UNK: Simon Campbell : A typical spoiled child that grew into a spoiled man.
UNK: Simon Campbell : I know Vicky regretted marrying him.
Beckett : And why would you say that?
UNK: Simon Campbell : Vicky's business is on the ground floor of our brownstone.
UNK: Simon Campbell : I still live in the top two floors with the kids.
UNK: Simon Campbell : I would see her every day, you know, singing a little tune,
UNK: or gazing fondly at some new bauble he'd gotten her.
UNK: But then lately, there was less singing and more crying.
UNK: Simon Campbell : Monday she told me she thought she had made a mistake.
UNK: Simon Campbell : We even talked about getting back together.
UNK: Like you think it's a coincidence that two days later she was dead.
Martha : Richard, I thought you went to bed hours ago.
Castle : Couldn't sleep.
Martha : Couldn't sleep because of your fight with Beckett,
Martha : or because there's a possibility your old friend Damian
Martha : may be a double murderer?
Castle : Both. And thank you for putting it so bluntly.
Martha : - Richard, you know... - Don't... Don't say it.
Castle : I know what you're thinking 'cause I'm thinking it, too.
Castle : What are the chances Damian's father and wife
Castle : are both murdered in home invasions but he had nothing to do with them?
Martha : So what do you think?
Castle : I know if he is guilty,
Castle : I'll need to be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt.
Castle : I will need solid evidence, not just coincidence and speculation.
Martha : Have you ever known Beckett to settle for less than that?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, I think you should face it, kiddo.
Martha : You may owe that woman an apology.
UNK: Especially if you want to stay on the case.
Beckett : Oh, no!
Castle : Can I give you a hand with that?
Beckett : I got it.
Castle : - You just, you... - Castle, I said I got it, okay?
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Castle : When I told Damian
UNK: that the best detective in New York was working his wife's case,
Castle : I meant it. And I'm...
Castle : I'm sorry to have doubted you.
Castle : If you let me back,
Castle : I promise I will do my best to remain objective.
Beckett : Well, that might be harder than you think.
Beckett : The Westlakes' financial records.
Beckett : This is their prenuptial agreement,
Beckett : and it's pretty clear that if they got divorced,
Beckett : Damian would get nothing, but with her dead,
Beckett : he inherits 10 million.
Castle : Yes, but you're forgetting that Damian is already rich.
Castle : The money he got when his father died.
Ryan : When his father was murdered,
Ryan : and also, that money is gone.
Ryan : Last of his cash Damian spent wooing Vicky.
Ryan : He showered her with expensive presents,
Beckett : the engagement ring, a tennis bracelet, diamond earrings.
Beckett : And by the time they got married, Damian was tapped out of money.
Beckett : Vicky was paying for all the bills.
Ryan : According to Damian's credit card receipts,
Ryan : he spent her money on good scotch, box seats and Cuban cigars.
Ryan : Meanwhile, most of her charges were for her design business.
UNK: Appraisers, a rug place, refinisher.
Ryan : - So? - So maybe Vicky
Beckett : got tired of being his ATM.
Beckett : Maybe she threatened to cut him off, just like his father did.
Beckett : Castle, I read the Philip Westlake case files.
Beckett : The cops were sure it was him.
Castle : Yes, but they were wrong. Just like you're wrong now.
Beckett : I'm sorry, is this you being objective, or is this you staying out of my way?
UNK: This is me saying maybe we could broaden our suspect pool a little bit.
UNK: Certainly there's someone else we could be looking at?
Esposito : I think I might be able to help with that.
Esposito : The gang unit ID'ed the tag on the back wall of the Westlakes'.
Esposito : It's a personal signature. Guy's name is Omar Lincoln.
Castle : Please, please tell me he's a very bad man.
Esposito : Well, he did two years for assault with a deadly weapon
UNK: - and a B and E in 2007. - Huh!