Castle : Just five minutes, I promise.
Castle : - Hello! Hello! Castle?
Castle : Everyone, this is Blanca.
UNK: Yeah. I don't know what...
Castle : So, first of all, you were right.
Castle : Damian and Vicky did have a fight the night she died
Castle : and she did tell him she wanted a divorce.
Castle : As a matter of fact, she showed him
Castle : a large manila envelope full of papers from her lawyer
Castle : that she was going to sign.
Beckett : An envelope with legal papers?
Beckett : There wasn't anything about this in the CSU report.
Castle : Exactly. Blanca, please tell them what happened to it.
Blanca : Then I can go back to my route?
Castle : Yes, of course.
Blanca : I was delivering the mail on Wednesday afternoon.
UNK: As I made my way up 69th towards Park,
UNK: I passed Mr. Westlake and Mr. Utley.
UNK: I said "hello." They said "hello" back.
Blanca : A couple of minutes later, I get to the Westlakes' residence.
Blanca : The door opens, and Mrs. Westlake comes running out
Blanca : and hands me a large manila envelope.
Blanca : She said she wanted to make sure it went out in that day's mail.
Beckett : Wait a minute. So, you're positive
Beckett : that you saw Mrs. Westlake after you saw Damian?
Blanca : Lady, I couldn't be more sure. Anything else?
Castle : No, that's it. Thank you.
Blanca : - Then I'm leaving now. - Of course.
Castle : Thank you, Blanca.
Ryan : So, Vicky was alive after Damian left the house.
Esposito : And he was with Charles Utley until they came back and found her dead.
Castle : Which means...
Beckett : Damian couldn't have killed her.
UNK: Got it. The DA's office just kicked Damian Westlake loose.
Montgomery : And they weren't too happy about it, either.
Beckett : Sir, if Westlake didn't kill his wife,
Beckett : then he hired someone else to do it for him.
Beckett : Just like he did the last time.
Castle : Wasn't it you that said that bad guys always bring their own weapons?
Beckett : Not when they're trying to make it look like a push-in robbery gone wrong.
Castle : What about the dog that didn't bark?
Beckett : He got the dog used to the guy.
Castle : Come on! You just can't get over the fact
Castle : that Damian was a person of interest in his father's murder.
Beckett : I won't ignore the fact that there is a pattern here.
Beckett : People close to this guy seem to die violently.
UNK: Or maybe someone is using Damian's tragic past
Castle : to frame him for Vicky's murder now.
Castle : There's another suspect right in front of you
Castle : that you're not even looking at.
Castle : Someone who had motive, means and opportunity.
Beckett : And that would be whom, exactly?
Castle : Simon Campbell, Vicky's ex-husband. Think about it.
Castle : Abandoned, cuckolded Simon. Do we really know this guy?
Castle : Do we have any idea what he's capable of?
Montgomery : - Well? Do we? - All the evidence points to Damian.
Castle : Yes, but wouldn't that evidence be less conclusive
Castle : if Damian didn't have this old murder hanging over his head?
Castle : Or better yet, if there was proof that Philip Westlake
Castle : was killed by a random intruder?
Beckett : Castle, there isn't any proof.
Castle : Not yet, there isn't.
Castle : Since you can't see through the cloud of suspicion surrounding Damian,
Castle : I'm gonna clear the air.
UNK: I'm going to solve Philip Westlake's murder, prove my friend didn't do it.
Castle : Meanwhile, you can check out Simon Campbell.
Montgomery : I need to go to the DA with something solid.
Montgomery : Can you prove Westlake hired somebody to off his wife?
Beckett : I just need a couple of days.
Ryan : So, what's our next move?
Ryan : If Damian hired someone to kill Vicky,
Ryan : then there's a money trail. I'll find it.
Ryan : Meanwhile, you guys look into Simon Campbell.
UNK: Darling! Your daughter's a genius.
Castle : I knew that already.
Martha : For Valentine's Day, she bought Ashley a frame,