Zoey : I got married when I was 22
Zoey : to a man who calls himself The Captain.
Ted : He seems like a good guy.
Ted : He wears those red pants.
Zoey : I hate boats, Ted.
Zoey : I do, I hate 'em.
Zoey : I can't be on them.
Zoey : I can't be near them.
Zoey : I can't even think about them without getting seasick.
Zoey : You want to know why I want to save that building?
Zoey : Because when I look up at The Arcadian,
Zoey : I see something big and solid,
Zoey : and right now everything else in my life
Zoey : just feels like I'm on a boat.
Zoey : I know it's crazy to care that much about a building.
Ted : It's not crazy at all.
Ted : I'm the same way.
Ted : Look, Zoey,
Ted : The Arcadian should be a landmark, it should.
Ted : The lion head stonework is iconic.
Ted : I hate that we have to tear it down.
Ted : I hate working for GNB.
Ted : They're a bunch of wieners and gonads.
Zoey : Ted, that was...
Zoey : really easy.
Lily : What?
UNK: TED recording : They're a bunch of wieners and gonads.
Zoey : This should be useful.
UNK: And in that moment,
UNK: another headline appeared before my eyes.
Ted : You tricked me.
Zoey : Well, it the bug room, Ted.
Zoey : Your ass just got bugged.
Zoey : Oh, the offer still stands.
Zoey : We simply must have you out on the boat sometime.
Guard : Well, aren't you two clever.
Guard : Well, guess what, this museum has seen
Guard : every kind of prank you can think of.
Guard : Mummies playing poker,
Guard : penguins sticking out of volcanoes,
Guard : dinosaurs from the Cretaceous period
Guard : hanging out with dinosaurs from the Jurassic period.
Guard : One time a kid knocked down the blue whale.
Guard : You name it...
Robin : I'm sorry. Did you say someone knocked down the blue whale?
Guard : Oh no, not just someone.
Guard : A six-year-old.
Barney : Oh, yeah, that story is legend...
Barney : phone ringing Hold on.
Barney : ...dary.
Barney : And, um, would you happen to know
Barney : what that young man's name was?
Ted : No.
Guard : But I could, uh, check the files.
Marshall : Thank you.
George : Now, Arthur, your turn.
George : I just sang three songs.
George : Now you-you do your part from Guys and Dolls.
Arthur : Take your seats, everyone.
Arthur : The show's about to start.
Arthur : Douche.
George : So I hear my wife got you pretty good.
Ted : She caught me on tape trashing GNB.
George : Oh, that damn recorder.
George : Try being married to that.
George : "But you said you'd get the corgis neutered this weekend."
George : "I said no such thing."
George : "Oh, yeah?" Click.
George : You're a good guy,
Ted : Galactic President Superstar McAwesomeville.
George : Tell you what, when Zoey goes to sleep,
George : I'll find that tape and erase it for you.
George : No hard feelings.
Ted : Really?
Ted : You'd do that to your own wife?
George : Sure. Why not?
George : I mean, I'm glad she has these little causes,
George : they keep her out of trouble,
George : but when she throws a temper tantrum
George : and it gets in the way of someone doing their job,
George : that's a problem.
Ted : No, you know what?
Ted : Don't erase the tape.
Ted : And for what it's worth,
Ted : I don't think she's throwing temper tantrums.
Ted : I just think she's, you know,
Ted : standing up for what she believes in.
Ted : I respect that.
George : Hey, what about this?
George : I'll take you out on the boat sometime.
George : You've got to see this boat.
George : She's breathtaking.
ANNOUNCER : Kids, there's an amazing architectural phenomenon
UNK: Ted from 2030 : in the Natural History Museum.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : If you stand in the right spot,
UNK: you can hear an entire conversation
UNK: all the way across the room.
Guard : July 23, 1981,
Guard : incident report.
Guard : At approximately 1000 hours,
Ted : No. ...vandal dislodged
Guard : rib from triceratops skeleton... No...
Guard : ...and flung said rib at giant whale.
Ted : No.
Guard : Causing said giant whale to fall in a downward trajectory.
Ted : No. And the vandal's name...
Ted : No.
Guard : Well, I'll be damned... Barney Stinson.
UNK: No! No!
Barney : Who's the master, Leroy?
Guard : Stinson was reprimanded
Guard : and returned to the custody of his father, Jerome Whittaker.