Barney : Uh, no, uncle. Jerome Whittaker is my uncle.
Guard : Uncle Jerry. Says father. Even signed it
Guard : and checked the box for father and everything.
Barney : Jerry's my uncle.
MARSHALL : Lily?
UNK: College Marshall : Honey, what's wrong?
UNK: College Marshall : You okay?
UNK: College Marshall : Do you want a hit of this sandwich?
Arthur : I want you.
UNK: College Marshall : Awesome. Let me just put a sock on the doorknob.
Lily : No. I mean, I want you
Lily : as opposed to who you've become.
Lily : You've changed so much.
UNK: College Marshall : What? How have I changed?
UNK: College Marshall : Did I cheat on you?
Ted : No.
UNK: College Marshall : Did I stop writing poems for you?
Lily : Yes, but I'm okay with that.
UNK: College Marshall : Am I not as good at making the sweet, sweet love to you?
Lily : Actually, you're way better now.
Lily : You last, like, two, three times as long.
UNK: College Marshall : You said that any longer would be too much.
Lily : It's okay. College Lily thinks those are orgasms.
Lily : No, it's...
Lily : it's none of that.
Lily : It's just this new Marshall... Corporate Marshall...
Lily : he wears suits
Lily : all the time.
Lily : He doesn't care about saving the world.
Lily : He's not you.
Lily : I want you back.
UNK: College Marshall : Well, you can't have me.
UNK: College Marshall : Look at the sign.
UNK: College Marshall : I'm extinct.
UNK: College Marshall : I've gone the way of Jane's Addiction.
Lily : Actually, Jane's Addiction got back together.
UNK: College Marshall : They did?
Lily : Yeah, they've done a few tours, they put out a new album.
UNK: College Marshall : Are you serious?! That is awesome!
UNK: College Marshall : Are they just as good?
Robin : Sure.
UNK: College Marshall : Look, I know that Corporate Marshall
UNK: College Marshall : wears a tie and everything, but it sounds like
UNK: College Marshall : he hasn't changed where it counts.
Ted : Hey.
Ted : Hi.
Marshall : Look, Lily,
Marshall : I know that you would have been okay
Marshall : if we were poor and I was trying to save the world,
Marshall : but will you still be okay
Marshall : if I make a lot of money
Marshall : and I spend all of it spoiling you and our kids?
Lily : We'll make it work.
UNK: College Marshall : There he goes.
UNK: College Marshall : The Marathon Man.
UNK: College Marshall : Mr. Stamina himself.
UNK: College Marshall : I can kiss better than that old man.
Robin : So when was the last time you saw him?
Barney : It was that day...
Guard : July 23, 1981.
Barney : My mom got pretty mad that he let me destroy
Barney : a New York City landmark.
Robin : Moms.
Barney : He never came around anymore after that.
Barney : Think he moved away.
Robin : Well, maybe the security guy had it wrong.
Robin : You never know...
Barney : But you do know, you do know. That's the thing. You know.
Barney : He's my dad.
Robin : Barney, do you want...?
Barney : I don't want to do anything.
Barney : Don't tell anyone about this, okay?
TED : I'm serious. It's a great look.
Ted : I think it could come back, but one question.
Ted : Does it cost half as much as glasses?
Zoey : Can I steal you for a second?
Zoey : You don't need to worry. I...
Zoey : What are you doing?
Ted : Oh, I thought we were...
Zoey : Fine.
Zoey : I erased the tape.
Lily : What?
Zoey : I don't need it.
Zoey : I'm going to beat you fair and square.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Thanks.
Zoey : But it's good to know
Zoey : how easily you can be manipulated by a woman.
Ted : You look gross when you cry, you know that?
Ted : Some women look cute.
Ted : You look like a basset hound.
Zoey : Oh, laugh it up now.
Zoey : Because starting Monday,
Zoey : I got you in my crosshairs.
Ted : Bring it on, Princess.
ARTHUR : Eriksen...
UNK: It's, uh, 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: You know what, you might as well not even go home.
UNK: sighs
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And so Marshall stayed right on at Goliath National Bank.
UNK: Of course, it wouldn't last forever.
UNK: But that's another story.
UNK: Sync for www.addic7ed.com