UNK: And, thanks to Goliath National Bank...
UNK: us.
MARSHALL : Look at us, huh?
Marshall : In tuxedos?
Marshall : Can you imagine if our college selves saw us like this?
Ted : They'd pelt us with their Phish bootlegs.
Marshall : Yeah, we were pretty anti-establishment back then.
Marshall : Oh, God, remember Russell?
Marshall : Oh.
Marshall : Nice monkey suit, Russell. Yeah.
Russel : Come on, guys.
Marshall : Oh, I'm sorry, I can't hear you
Marshall : with that corporate noose around your neck.
Marshall : And don't even try showing up to the drum circle this weekend.
Marshall : Yeah.
Ted : Oh, hey. You guys seen Russell?
Ted : I'm supposed to drive him to his mom's funeral.
Robin : I wish I knew you guys back then.
Robin : You know why? Because you can't kick a story in the nuts.
Lily : Hey, we're still those people.
Lily : One of these days, Marshall's going to quit his job
Lily : and go to work for the NRDC,
Lily : and save the world, right, baby?
Marshall : Absotively.
Marshall : But let's just remember, I mean,
Marshall : nobody's the same as they were in college.
Marshall : You know, it's like, I wear a suit to work every day.
Lily : Well, yeah, but you wear it ironically,
Lily : like Ted's fanny pack.
Ted : Next time we go to Great Adventure,
Ted : you're carrying your own sunblock.
Lily : Ooh! I love this exhibit.
Lily : One time when I was a kid, this room was closed for cleaning,
Lily : so I snuck under the rope.
ALL : Ooh.
Barney : Wow, that's pretty cool.
Lily : When I was a kid, I knocked down the blue whale.
Marshall : Okay, the giant blue whale hanging from the ceiling?
Barney : I was six. My uncle Jerry brought me here for the day.
UNK: He said, "Don't touch anything""
Barney : To a kid.
Barney : That's like someone telling us,
Barney : "Don't look at that girl's perky
Barney : and impossibly symmetrical knockers."
ALL : Ooh.
Robin : Not bad.
Barney : So, naturally, I snapped the rib off a triceratops,
Barney : blahbity-blahbity-blue, I knocked down the whale.
Barney : I'm surprised security didn't stop me on the way in.
Robin : Well, I'm sure they don't remember.
Robin : I mean, it's been like 30 years
Robin : since that completely made-up story didn't happen.
Barney : It happened.
Barney : And these people don't forget.
Barney : This is not the Natural Stuff That Happened
Barney : No More Than Five Minutes Ago Museum. Huh?
Arthur : Marshall, Barney, there you are.
Arthur : I want you to meet an old friend of mine from Exeter,
Arthur : George Van Smoot.
George : But you can, and should, call me The Captain.
Marshall : The Captain? The Captain?
Arthur : Back in school we met during a production of Guys and Dolls.
Arthur : The Captain was Nathan Detroit to my assistant stage manager.
Arthur : Marshall and Barney here,
Arthur : are the future of Goliath National Bank.
George : Well, ahoy.
George : Ahoy. Ahoy, The Captain.
Arthur : The Captain pretty much paid for this entire shindig.
George : Please, enjoy yourselves,
George : have fun, but don't touch anything.
Marshall : Thank you, The Captain. Challenge accepted.
Barney : Wow.
Lily : "The future of Goliath National Bank"?
Marshall : I know, it's so, uh...
Marshall : You know, I totally forgot to tell you, but, um,
Marshall : the other day, Arthur offered me a five-year contract.
Lily : Oh, well, don't turn him down here in public.
Lily : I broke up with Scooter at the prom.
Lily : Right before the picture, too.
UNK: sobbing
Lily : So whatever you do, don't tell him here tonight, 'cause...
Marshall : I think I'm going to say yes.
Barney : Ah, that's the stuff.
UNK: Sync for www.addic7ed.com
Robin : I didn't realize you were small potatoes.
Robin : And to be clear, I am referring to your testicles.
Barney : Impressive.
Barney : Try this on for size.
UNK: jingling
UNK: clatters
Robin : You want to dance?
Robin : Let's dance.
Barney : I live for the dance.
Robin : Get... your other hand...