Ted : when the shops on 5th Avenue are closed.
Zoey : You're going down.
Ted : Down where? To the yacht club?
Ted : Oh! I would love to.
Ted : W-w-wait.
Ted : I'm half Jewish, will that be a problem?
Lily : So what about becoming an environmental lawyer?
Lily : What about saving the world?
whispers : Wieners.
Marshall : That was a great dream.
Marshall : But we have a mortgage, and we're trying to have kids.
Marshall : We're grown-ups now, Lily.
TED : Wieners and gonads.
Lily : What would College You say
Lily : if he heard what you were saying right now?
Marshall : Honestly? Probably something pretentious,
Marshall : and pseudo-intellectual, like...
TED : Boogers.
Marshall : We all change, Lily.
Marshall : You know, you don't spell "women" with a "Y" anymore.
Marshall : And I'm okay with that.
Marshall : And you need to be okay with the fact
Marshall : that I may never become an environmental lawyer.
Lily : So how long have you felt this way?
Marshall : Honestly?
Marshall : Since my first day at GNB.
TED : Hershey squirts.
Robin : Hey. How do you like my date's tux?
Lily : Ooh!
Robin : Uh, a-thank you!
Robin : Oh, none for him. He's stuffed.
Robin : Stuffed.
Ted : Oh! Zoey! There you are.
Ted : Oh, my God.
Ted : You have a monocle.
Ted : Is this real?
Ted : Is this really happening? Can you excuse us for a moment?
Zoey : Let's go for a walk.
Ted : Good luck killing James Bond.
Ted : Are we allowed in here?
Zoey : What do you want from me?
Ted : I want my crossword day back.
Ted : Okay? Go live your perfect little life,
Ted : and leave me the hell alone.
Zoey : My life isn't perfect.
Ted : Oh, please, what's your biggest problem?
Ted : Having to sail back to the marina
Ted : because the Captain's all out of white Zin?
Ted : Oh. Great. Now you're crying.
Ted : Like that's going to get my sympathy.
NARRATOR : It did.
Lily : You've known about this for two and a half years?
Lily : So every time you've
Lily : talked about wanting to be an environmental lawyer since then,
Lily : that was a lie.
Marshall : Technically, I never lied.
Marshall : You asked me questions,
Marshall : and I responded with made-up words.
Lily : What?
Lily : So, you'll probably quit GNB in a couple years, right?
Marshall : Affirmatootly.
Lily : And become an environmental lawyer?
Marshall : Yepskerdoodles.
Lily : Hey, by the way, do you like this scarf?
Marshall : Posititochadochmecochepopocha.
Marshall : Lawyered.
Lily : Okay, that's also a made-up word.
Marshall : Okay. Lily, what do you want from me?
Marshall : I want you to be the person I fell in love with.
UNK: Barney roars
UNK: Niled it!
UNK: Museum guard : Excuse me.
Barney : Thank God you're here.
Barney : She's been messing with the exhibits.