UNK: It turns out that something else was stolen
UNK: from another lab in that building.
UNK: It was a chemical agent.
UNK: That toxin was used to kill Jack Bronson.
UNK: It was placed in the ventilation system of his car.
UNK: I was in that car.
UNK: Based on the amount found in your bloodstream,
UNK: you have less than a day to live.
UNK: Richard Castle : What about an antidote? There has to be an antidote.
UNK: Kate Beckett : The only existing vial was stolen with the toxin.
Castle : They can make more, right? They have to be able to make more.
Beckett : It would take too long to synthesize.
Castle : - How long? - A week.
Castle : That's too long.
Castle : Are you sure I was exposed?
Castle : I mean, I feel fine. Maybe they were wrong.
Beckett : Look, there's a doctor coming in from Walter Reed.
UNK: He's gonna be able to answer any other questions that you might have.
UNK: No, well, I think you already did that.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: We're gonna find whoever's behind this.
Beckett : And when we do, we're gonna get that antidote,
Beckett : 'cause I'm not letting you out of our engagement that easily.
Castle : All right.
Castle : So, where are you in the investigation?
Beckett : We're looking into every possible lead.
Castle : That's what you say when you're nowhere.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : The guy who abducted me...
UNK: - Yeah, Bronson. - Right.
Castle : Was he military? Special ops?
Beckett : Marine Force Recon. Why?
Castle : Okay, because before he died, he said something.
UNK: "Valkyrie," yeah. We've been looking into it.
Beckett : There's nothing in the databases.
Castle : Not that.
UNK: He said something about Dreamworld.
Castle : Now, I didn't think it was anything, but according to Esposito,
Castle : Dreamworld is the code name of a special ops ghost base
Castle : somewhere in the Middle East.
UNK: And you think that that somehow relates to the theft of the toxin?
UNK: I think Bronson thought it did.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
UNK: Sorry to interrupt. I'm Dr. Goldberg, here to check on Mr. Castle.
UNK: Rachel Mccord : How's he doing?
Beckett : Better than I am. Where are we?
Mccord : Well, we know whoever's behind this framed Jack Bronson for the break-in,
Mccord : and then used the toxin to kill him.
UNK: Which means they would've had to have crossed paths with him
Beckett : in order to deliver it.
Mccord : Exactly. Hendricks and his team are retracing all of Bronson's movements
Mccord : to get a who and a when.
Mccord : It's a needle in a haystack, but maybe we'll get lucky.
Beckett : Anything on Valkyrie?
Mccord : Nothing that connects. Analysts are still working on it, though.
Beckett : Have you ever heard of something called Dreamworld?
Mccord : What's Dreamworld?
GOLDBERG : The pralidoxime and atropine
Goldberg : will stave off the effect of the toxin
Goldberg : and buy you some more time.
Castle : How much more?
Goldberg : An hour, maybe two.
Goldberg : I'll give you another shot every four hours,
Goldberg : but eventually, it won't be effective.
Castle : And then what?
Goldberg : Towards the end, you'll start to feel weak,
Goldberg : experience shortness of breath.
Castle : Why did Bronson die so quickly and I'm still alive?
Goldberg : Bronson was in the car for hours, so he got the mother lode.
Goldberg : You were in the car just for a few minutes.
Goldberg : Ingested in liquid form, you go down in seconds,
Goldberg : but based on your blood work,
Goldberg : you have at least another 10 to 12 hours.
Castle : So, then,
UNK: apart from the fact that I'm dying, I'm fine.
Goldberg : You're asymptomatic.
Goldberg : I'll try to keep you that way for as long as possible.
UNK: Chief Carl Vilante : A ghost base in the Middle East?
UNK: Look, I know this is a long shot,
Beckett : but Bronson may have been trying to communicate a message.
Mccord : Or it's just the ramblings of a dying man.
Mccord : Look, we checked the government and military databases.
UNK: There's no official reference to Dreamworld, if it even exists.
UNK: Agent Richmond : I think it exists.
Vilante : What did you find?
Richmond : A name just popped in a Pentagon archive.
UNK: Brad Parker, a reporter for The Washington Union.
Vilante : What's a reporter got to do with this?
Richmond : Six months ago he tried to publish an article called "Inside Dreamworld,"
Richmond : but it was quashed over national security concerns.
Beckett : What does the article say?
Richmond : I don't have the text. They've classified it. I have the title.
Vilante : I'll call my contact at the Pentagon and see what he can dig up.
Vilante : In the meanwhile, track down this reporter,
Vilante : find out what he knows.
Castle : You could also check Bronson's phone records.
Castle : He and this reporter might be connected.
Beckett : Castle, you should be resting.
UNK: Well, there's plenty of time for that later, apparently.
Castle : If it's all the same, I'd rather be helping.
Vilante : Mr. Castle, I understand your desire to be involved, but you...
Castle : No one is more motivated than me to solve this.
Castle : And if it doesn't work out,
Castle : I'll be out of your hair by the end of the day.
UNK: You know, sir, Castle is the only one
UNK: that has first-hand experience with Bronson.
Beckett : He might be an asset.
UNK: Okay.
Vilante : But, Agent Beckett, he's your responsibility.
Beckett : - I know. - COMPUTER BEEPS
Richmond : Sir, it looks like Bronson and the reporter are connected.
Richmond : His phone records show calls to and from The Washington Union
Richmond : around the time the article was written.
UNK: Bronson must've been a source for the article.
Vilante : Go. Find out what he knows.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Castle.
Vilante : You can assist us, but only from inside this building.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Look, uh, thanks for backing me up with Castle.