UNK: Look, I've done my best to forget about it all.
Rasheed : Until he found me in the coffee shop, and he kept asking me,
UNK: "Who did you tell? Why are they setting me up?"
Rasheed : And I swore to him I didn't tell anybody.
Rasheed : Okay, whatever is happening here, whatever is going on,
Rasheed : I swear to you, I have nothing to do with it.
Vilante : So, none of the intelligence agencies
Vilante : can link Rasheed to known Al-Qaeda elements.
Vilante : And he's got a solid alibi for the night of the break-in.
Mccord : He could still be involved.
Mccord : Is there any chatter about an imminent attack?
Vilante : No more than usual.
Vilante : What's your take on Rasheed?
UNK: SIGHS I don't think he's our guy.
Goldberg : Based on?
Beckett : His story. I mean, he said that he saw Bronson carrying a servant girl's body?
Beckett : I mean, the only way that he'd come up with a story like that was if it was true.
Castle : So, aside from the name Valkyrie,
UNK: which no one we've spoken to seems to know anything about,
Castle : we pretty much have nothing.
Castle : Which means I'm a dead man.
Beckett : No, Castle. Not nothing.
Beckett : We have what Bronson told you, what Rasheed told us.
Beckett : We know that this revolves around something that happened
UNK: the night Zawari was killed.
UNK: Something more than just the air strike.
Beckett : Now, what we have to do is figure out what it was.
Vilante : I'll have D.O.D. Send over the mission documents.
Vilante : Maybe something in there will help shed some light.
BECKETT : These are the mission documents?
Mccord : Is there even a sentence that doesn't have redactions?
Richmond : Not a complete one.
Richmond : Somebody is definitely trying to hide whatever went on here.
UNK: I'm sorry, Castle. This is pointless.
Castle : Can you do a word search for "Valkyrie"?
UNK: KEYBOARD CLACKING
UNK: COMPUTER PROCESSING
Richmond : It doesn't appear in the document. Probably because it was redacted.
Castle : Right, but what about a search for blacked-out, eight-letter words
Castle : the same length as Valkyrie?
UNK: Aren't all eight-letter words the same length?
Castle : Well, not in a proportional font like Times Roman.
UNK: Um, each character will vary in size
UNK: from the narrowest, lower case "i," to the widest, the upper case "W."
UNK: So the combination of letters in the word "Valkyrie"
Castle : will create a very specific length, not unlike a typographical fingerprint.
Richmond : I may be able to work with that.
UNK: If we could find the blacked-out Valkyrie,
Beckett : we might be able to figure out what it means from the words around it.
UNK: It's a long shot, I know.
RICHMOND : Not that long. We got some hits.
Richmond : These are thumbnails of the whole document.
Richmond : It's everywhere, highlighted in red.
Beckett : The last page seems to have the largest concentration.
Beckett : Can you enlarge it?
UNK: "Target acquired." "Missile engaged." "Target destroyed."
Mccord : This is the transcript to the missile strike.
UNK: Maybe Valkyrie was the code name for Zawari.
UNK: No, it's got to be more than that.
Beckett : But there's not enough context to piece this thing together.
Beckett : What we need is an UN-redacted transcript.
Richmond : Or the original audio recording.
Mccord : What are you thinking, Richmond?
Richmond : For a strike in Jalalabad,
Richmond : they'd probably use an F-16 out of Bagram Air Base.
Richmond : I did a year as Chief Technical Officer at Bagram.
Richmond : Part of my job was
UNK: dumping in the fighter jets' flight data onto a central server.
Richmond : If I can access it, I might be able to get that audio.
Beckett : What are we waiting for, McCord?
Beckett : We played by the rules. And that's what they gave us.
Mccord : Do it.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Castle, it's your mom. What do you want me to tell her?
UNK: BEEPS
Beckett : You've reached the voicemail of Special Agent Kate Beckett
UNK: at the Attorney General's office. Please leave a message.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGING
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I just always thought that you and I would have kids together.
UNK: Really? Well, have you talked to Jenny about this?
UNK: Hell, you know what I mean.
UNK: They'd be on the same tee ball and Pop Warner teams.
Ryan : - We'd co-coach. - Co-coach?
UNK: - You wanna be head coach? - Yeah.
Ryan : - Try getting a date first. - Dude.
Ryan : Hey, Martha. What brings you here?
Martha : Look, I know you're busy, but I'm worried about Richard.
UNK: Really? Why?