Mccord : Burying that many family members, that could radicalize anyone.
RICHMOND : Got him.
Richmond : We got him. We have a live feed
UNK: of Rasheed walking east on 14th Street, between E and F.
Vilante : - Backpack. - Could be the toxin.
Beckett : - And the antidote. - Let's move!
UNK: TIRES SQUEALING
BOTH : Stop!
UNK: Federal agents, stop!
UNK: CARS HONKING
UNK: BOTH GRUNTING
Beckett : It's not here.
UNK: PANTING
Beckett : Where's the toxin? Rasheed, where's the toxin?
CASTLE : What if he doesn't talk?
Vilante : He'll talk. They always do.
Castle : What if he doesn't talk in time?
Vilante : We have teams combing his apartment.
Vilante : If he has the toxin and the antidote, they'll find 'em.
Castle : Thanks. For letting me be a part of this.
Vilante : When you write your next novel,
Vilante : maybe you'll find a place for a dashing Colombian-American federal agent.
Castle : Consider it done.
Vilante : Anything at Rasheed's?
Beckett : We went over every inch of his place,
Beckett : and there is no sign of the antidote or the toxin.
Beckett : He may have hidden it somewhere...
Mccord : Either that, or it's already out there, ready to be deployed.
Vilante : Break him.
Rasheed : So, why am I here? What's this about, huh?
UNK: You're related to Anwar Zawari. Is that correct?
Rasheed : A man doesn't choose his family, okay?
Rasheed : I had nothing to do with Anwar or his beliefs.
Beckett : Yet you were in Jalalabad the night that he died.
Rasheed : Yes, but not to see him. I have relatives there.
Rasheed : I was spending time with them for Ramadan.
Mccord : I understand that five of your relatives were killed in that U.S. Missile strike.
Rasheed : And for that I blame Anwar, and them for being with him.
Rasheed : Now, why am I here?
Mccord : You studied engineering.
Mccord : Specifically, electrical system designs for commercial buildings.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Rasheed : You have a gift for making every fact sound sinister.
Mccord : Well, you'd be able to break into a secure facility.
Rasheed : I didn't break into anything.
Rasheed : I want an attorney. I have a right to an attorney.
Mccord : Enemy combatants don't get attorneys. Or trials.
Beckett : Where is the toxin, Rasheed?
Rasheed : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : I think you do. In fact, I know you do.
Beckett : This is Jack Bronson, former U.S. Marine.
Beckett : He was in Jalalabad the night of the strike.
Beckett : And this is you, following him outside of a coffee shop.
Beckett : Three hours later, he was dead.
UNK: You're not gonna tell me that that's a coincidence.
Rasheed : This is about him?
Rasheed : Well, you have it wrong.
Rasheed : I wasn't following him.
Rasheed : He was following me.
Mccord : Why would he be following you?
Rasheed : He wanted to know if I had talked to anybody.
Rasheed : About our secret.
Mccord : Your secret?
Mccord : What secret?
Rasheed : The night of the missile strike, I was at my brother's home,
Rasheed : just a block away from Anwar's.
Rasheed : I heard the explosion. I ran out.
Rasheed : The house was destroyed.
UNK: And I was the first one there,
Rasheed : so I wanted to see if there were any survivors.
UNK: And that's when I saw Bronson, standing there in the rubble,
Rasheed : holding a body.
Beckett : Whose body?
Rasheed : A young woman. One of the servants in the house.
Rasheed : And when he saw me,
Rasheed : he drew his gun.
Rasheed : And I thought, for sure, I was a dead man.
Rasheed : But then he spoke.
Rasheed : And he knew my name, and where I lived, and what I did.
Rasheed : And he told me that if I told anyone about what I had seen, he would kill me.
Rasheed : And then he left.
Rasheed : With the body.
Mccord : He took away a dead servant's body?