Beckett : and why he tracked down Bronson.
Beckett : He was trying to figure out how she actually died.
UNK: And he's ex-military. He would've had the skills to pull off that heist.
Vilante : So, what are we saying here?
Vilante : That Parker stole the toxin because of his fiancée?
Vilante : That this is about revenge?
Castle : Well, the toxin would be perfect for that.
Castle : It's deadly and undetectable by autopsy,
Castle : unless you're specifically looking for it.
Mccord : Which is why he tried to hide the fact that it was stolen
Mccord : by staging the other theft in the building and framing Bronson.
Vilante : Where are we on tracking Parker?
Hendricks : He's not at work. No one's seen him all day.
Richmond : I can't get a trace on his cell signal. He must've turned it off.
Beckett : - Sir, if there's the slightest chance... - Hit his apartment. Go.
UNK: Castle,
Villante : you stay here.
Castle : I was given less than a day to live just a little less than a day ago.
Castle : If Parker has that antidote, I need to go with them.
UNK: Okay.
MAN : Clear!
HENDRICKS : Bedroom's clear!
Mccord : Clear. Where the hell is this guy?
BECKETT : All right, guys, let's get to work.
Beckett : That toxin or antidote are in here, I want them found.
UNK: These are blueprints of the research building the toxin was stolen from.
UNK: And a confidential file on the toxin. Parker's our guy!
Castle : He's got background on Secretary Reed. Research materials.
Beckett : Reed's his next target.
Beckett : He's going after the man that gave the order that killed his fiancée.
Mccord : And I think I know where.
Mccord : This is confirmation of Parker's press credentials for Reed's address
Mccord : at the Naval Academy.
Mccord : Reed's talking to new cadets at 5 : 00 p.m. Today.
Hendricks : - That's in 20 minutes. - We gotta lock Reed down.
Beckett : Secure Parker and get that antidote.
UNK: MARCHING BAND PLAYING IN DISTANCE
UNK: Admiral Johnson : Thanks for coming, Mr. Secretary.
Reed : It's my pleasure, Admiral Johnson. It's nice to get out of the office.
Johnson : Hope you don't mind that we do the press line first.
Reed : Oh, that's fine.
UNK: BRAKES SQUEAL
UNK: Do you want me to get a hold of Dr. Goldberg
Beckett : and have him meet us there?
Castle : He already gave me my last shot.
Castle : Only thing that can help me now is the antidote.
UNK: Naval Academy's press department says Parker hasn't checked in yet.
Hendricks : Security teams are already on site looking for him.
Beckett : Copy that.
Castle : It doesn't make any sense. Why wouldn't Parker be there yet?
Beckett : There's thousands of people there.