Reed : Everything I'm about to say is off the books, are we clear?
BOTH : Yes.
Reed : Bronson was an outstanding Marine.
Reed : But he only worked one mission out of there.
UNK: A high-value air strike in Jalalabad
UNK: that took out Anwar Zawari, Al-Qaeda's number two.
Mccord : What was Bronson's role?
Reed : He was our man on the ground, set up in a nearby building.
Reed : He reported when Zawari went in the house.
UNK: Then, when the air strike was launched,
Reed : he painted the house with a laser to guide the missile.
UNK: Did the word "Valkyrie" have anything to do with this strike?
Beckett : Was it the name of a mission, or a code name?
Reed : No. It's not familiar.
Reed : Look, that operation was a big win for us.
Reed : It crippled Al-Qaeda's entire command structure.
Mccord : Was there any talk of Al-Qaeda retaliating?
Reed : There was chatter. Always is.
UNK: But we took out Zawari a year ago, and they never hit us back.
Beckett : Unless they just did.
Beckett : And this is just the beginning.
UNK: I have Homeland tightening security at every likely D.C. Target.
UNK: Government buildings, tourist attractions, transit hubs.
Mccord : The bad news is the toxin's versatile.
Mccord : It could be deployed through the ventilation system,
Mccord : it could contaminate a reservoir,
UNK: it can be detonated with a bomb
Mccord : and release a toxic plume over part of the city.
Mccord : And if that happens, we'd be dealing
Mccord : with a lot more than just a couple of deaths on our hands,
UNK: and I am so sorry.
Castle : No, it's your job.
Castle : And if we stop the next attack, it might mean saving me.
UNK: But if this is Al-Qaeda retaliation, how did they know about Bronson?
Beckett : He was on the ground during the air strike.
UNK: He might've been seen by locals or Zawari family members.
Vilante : Well, let's check for any Zawari family members,
Vilante : friends or associates in the D.C. Area.
Vilante : If Al-Qaeda is about to strike, they must have people on the ground.
Mccord : I'll be in the Tech room.
Beckett : - Look... - I'm okay.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : It's my mother.
Castle : She's been calling all morning. I can't avoid her forever.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Hello, Mother. To what do I owe the pleasure?
Martha : Richard, you were ushered out of here last night like a common criminal.
Martha : You don't answer my calls. What the hell is going on?
Castle : No, Mother, I'm fine.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad, did they arrest you? Do you need us to bail you out?
Pi : What about a lawyer, Mr. C? I know a guy at the ACLU.
Martha : Oh, please.
UNK: No.
UNK: Uh, I just had some special knowledge of a case that Beckett's working on.
UNK: She had them send an escort, that's all.
Martha : Oh, well, thank God.
UNK: Um, oh, Gina called this morning.
UNK: She has a bunch of books for you to sign for some company VIPs.
UNK: Right. They're in my office, at the back bookcase.
Castle : If I'm not there tomorrow, she can come pick them up.
Castle : And, Mother,
Castle : thank you.
Alexis : When's he coming back?
Castle : Let me talk to Alexis.
Martha : He wants to talk to you, honey.
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : Hopefully, I'll be back tomorrow morning.
Beckett : And, um...
UNK: And you know I love you, right?
Alexis : Of course.
UNK: WHISPERS It's time for your next shot.
UNK: Already?
Alexis : Dad? Everything okay?
Castle : Yeah. They're calling me, so I have to go.
Alexis : Okay. See you tomorrow.
Castle : Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow.
Alexis : Did Dad sound weird to you?
BECKETT : Sir, we've got something.
Mccord : Turns out you were right about Zawari's family.
Mccord : We identified six members of his extended family living in the U.S.
Mccord : Four in California, and two cousins right here in D.C.
Beckett : We were in the process of running them down when Hendricks found this.
UNK: Yeah, in reconstructing Bronson's movements prior to his death,
Hendricks : we were able to track him to here, a coffee shop in Dupont Circle.
Hendricks : A few seconds after he leaves, this man follows him out.
Mccord : We've ID'd him as Waqas Rasheed, second cousin to Zawari.
HENDRICKS : And Agent Richmond is trying to track him down.
Hendricks : But here's what we know. He has dual U.S. -Afghan citizenship,
UNK: is a graduate engineering student at Georgetown.
Beckett : And, sir, he was in Jalalabad the night of the Zawari air strike.
Beckett : Five of his other cousins were killed in the attack.