Martha : Last night he was just whisked away by a couple of federal agent thugs.
Martha : Then when I talked to him today,
Martha : he was nice, sincere, no smart-ass quips.
Martha : So, something is definitely wrong.
Martha : And Katherine isn't answering my calls.
UNK: Well, I'm sure there's an explanation.
Martha : And I need you to find out what it is.
UNK: - SIGHS - Any trouble breathing?
UNK: Yeah, but I think that's just anxiety.
Goldberg : - I can get you a sedative. - No.
UNK: Thank you. But I think I'd rather stay sharp as long as possible.
Mccord : Oh, sorry.
Castle : No. No problem. We're all done here.
Mccord : You want a coffee?
Castle : No, I'd rather die than drink any more of that sludge.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Too soon?
Castle : Agent McCord, can I ask you a question?
UNK: Yep.
Castle : How is she doing here?
Mccord : Beckett? She's good. She has a lot of potential.
Castle : So, she'll be okay.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: She's gonna be great.
Richmond : Hey, McCord. I'm in.
UNK: I cross-referenced the flight recording database at Bagram
Richmond : with parameters from the mission documents.
Richmond : If that information was accurate,
Richmond : this should be audio of the Zawari strike.
UNK: MAN 1 : Alpha One, Eagle's contact target.
UNK: MAN 2 : Copy, Eagle. Omaha, what's your status? Over.
Beckett : That's Defense Secretary Reed.
Mccord : As theater commander, he'd be running the operation.
BRONSON : Alpha One, Valkyrie's still inside target.
Castle : That's Bronson's voice. So, Valkyrie must be Zawari.
UNK: MAN1 : Eagle, prepare to engage.
BRONSON : Alpha One, Valkyrie's still inside. Signaling to get her out.
UNK: Get her out? Valkyrie's not Zawari. Maybe it's the servant.
REED : Omaha, Valkyrie needs to get out now.
BRONSON : I'm signaling, Alpha One, no response. Stand by.
REED : We're not missing our window.
UNK: Eagle, this is Alpha One. Engage target.
BRONSON : Negative, Eagle.
UNK: Bronson audio : We have an American intelligence asset in there,
UNK: Bronson audio : and we need to wait for her to get out.
UNK: Bronson audio : An intelligence asset?
UNK: Bronson audio : Just give me two minutes.
REED : Negative, Omaha, we can't risk losing Raptor.
UNK: Reed audio : On my authority, you are clear to engage target. Over.
UNK: MAN 1 : Missile engaged.
UNK: - BRONSON : No, Valkyrie's still in there! - EXPLOSION
UNK: MAN 1 : Target destroyed. Eagle heading home.
REED : Omaha, retrieve Valkyrie's body and get her back to Dreamworld.
UNK: Reed audio : Protocol Boomerang. Over.
OMAHA : Roger.
Castle : Valkyrie was the servant. She was one of ours.
Mccord : No wonder the transcript was so heavily redacted.
Beckett : Secretary Reed killed an American operative.
Castle : And then ordered Bronson to cover it up.
UNK: MAN1 : Missile engaged.
BRONSON : No, Valkyrie's still in there!
UNK: EXPLOSION
UNK: MAN 1 : Target destroyed. Eagle heading home.
REED : Omaha, retrieve Valkyrie's body and get her back to Dreamworld.
UNK: Reed audio : Protocol Boomerang. Over.
OMAHA : Roger.
Vilante : So what are we saying here?
Vilante : That Bronson was murdered to cover up the death of an American operative,
Vilante : with the implication that General Reed is behind it?
Vilante : The sitting Secretary of Defense?
Mccord : A position he got largely because of his success in taking out Zawari.
Beckett : His political star was on the rise.
Beckett : Maybe he couldn't afford to have damaging details out there.
Vilante : But if he wanted to silence Bronson,
UNK: why would he go through the trouble of setting him up first?
Vilante : And none of this explains the theft of the toxin.
Beckett : Sir, he lied to us. About Valkyrie and about Bronson.
Beckett : Either he's involved,
Beckett : or he knows a hell of a lot more than he's telling us.
Vilante : Only, you have no proof.
Vilante : Listen, Beckett, I know what's at stake.
Vilante : For you and for Castle.
Vilante : But I can't let you go at him without concrete evidence.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: So, I'm guessing Villante said no to the idea of waterboarding the truth
Castle : out of Secretary Reed.
Beckett : Yeah, something like that.
Beckett : How are you feeling?
UNK: Ah, good. I think I'm just due for another shot.
Beckett : I'm Agent Beckett from the Attorney General's office.
Beckett : - I need to speak with Secretary Reed. - Do you have an appointment?
Beckett : No. This is a matter of national security.
Bodyguard : I'm sorry, if you don't have an appointment, I have to ask you...
Beckett : Just please get to the Secretary. I told you, this is a matter...
UNK: - Ma'am, you need to step back. - Secretary Reed!
Beckett : Secretary Reed, Agent Beckett from the Attorney General's office!
Beckett : We met earlier today, sir.
UNK: Mary Reed : Michael, who is that?