Mccord : Is he always such a character?
Beckett : Yeah. It's one of the things that I love about him, too.
UNK: There.
Beckett : Mr. Parker!
Beckett : Mr. Parker, excuse me, we're from the Attorney General's office.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about an article you wrote.
Richmond : Inside Dreamworld.
UNK: Really? We're gonna do this again?
UNK: Brad Parker : You people are unbelievable.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Parker : I wouldn't give up my sources when you killed the article.
UNK: So why would I give 'em up now?
Beckett : Because it looks like one of your sources was murdered.
Mccord : Do you recognize him, Mr. Parker?
UNK: Bronson.
Parker : He was murdered?
Beckett : Yes. And now other people's lives are at stake.
UNK: Now tell us everything you know about Dreamworld.
PARKER : WHISPERING First time I heard about Dreamworld was in '03.
Parker : I was serving with the 173rd in Kandahar at the time.
Parker : The story stuck with me, so, about a year ago I started poking around.
Parker : Found out it was a forward operating base in northern Afghanistan.
UNK: A launching pad for covert special ops in the region.
Beckett : Did Bronson work at that base?
UNK: Yeah.
Parker : Yeah, I'd heard his name a couple of times, so I approached him.
UNK: And what'd he tell you?
Parker : Nothing at all.
Parker : In fact, he seemed pretty freaked out that I knew he was stationed there.
Parker : Asked me how much I knew.
Parker : About him, Dreamworld.
Parker : About what he'd done.
Beckett : Wait. What did he mean by that?
Parker : He never told me.
UNK: Whatever it was, he sure as hell didn't want it getting out.
UNK: The next thing I know, my editor's killing the story.
Parker : At the personal request of Defense Secretary Reed.
Beckett : These conversations that you had with Bronson,
Beckett : did he ever mention the word "Valkyrie"?
Parker : No, why? What's Valkyrie?
UNK: Wait. The Secretary of Defense himself called to kill the story?
Mccord : That's unusual.
Parker : Try unheard of.
Parker : But I'm guessing that the subject matter struck a nerve.
Parker : Look, prior to his appointment as Secretary of Defense,
Parker : General Reed was in charge of Central Command,
Parker : which ran all missions out of Dreamworld.
UNK: Are you suggesting that the Secretary of Defense is hiding something?
Parker : You have another explanation?
Beckett : So, a stolen military toxin and a secret government base.
Beckett : I mean, what do you think this is all about?
Mccord : I don't know, but I have a feeling Bronson did.
Beckett : Where are we headed?
UNK: To talk to the one person who might actually know what's going on.
UNK: The former commander of Dreamworld, Defense Secretary Reed.
Mccord : Mr. Secretary.
UNK: Defense Secretary Reed : This must be damned important
UNK: Defense Secretary Reed : if the Attorney General's personally asking me to take this meeting.
Mccord : It is.
Mccord : Three days ago, a lethal toxin was stolen from a government lab.
Mccord : Our investigations led us to the murder of an ex-marine named Jack Bronson.
Mccord : Do you know him?
Reed : It's possible. A lot of men served under my command.
Reed : Why? You think he was involved in this theft?
Beckett : No. But he may have known who was.
UNK: We believe that this is connected to a military base named Dreamworld.
Reed : Well, I hate to break it to you, but Dreamworld's a myth.
Reed : It's a military legend. It doesn't exist.
Beckett : Are you kidding me? Are we actually gonna play this game?
Vilante : - Sir... - Agent Beckett, was it?
Beckett : Whoever took that toxin, if they use it,
Beckett : there will be mass casualties.
Beckett : - So, if you know something... - Sir!
Mccord : Someone was writing an article about Dreamworld.
Mccord : You personally had that story killed. Why?
UNK: Why?
Reed : Because the enemy reads newspapers,
Reed : and there's no way in hell I'm gonna risk American lives
Reed : by handing out operational details about a special ops base.
Reed : If such a base existed.
Beckett : What about Bronson?
Beckett : What's his connection to that base?
Beckett : If it indeed does exist.