Ted : In may of 2007, aunt lily and uncle marshall got married
UNK: Ted 2030 : At the historic van smoot house in upstate new york.
Robin : Wow, it's beautiful, lily.
Lily : Yeah.
Lily : It's just how I always pictured it.
Ted : Well, that was a load of crap.
UNK: You see, kids, when you get married,
UNK: You learn a hard lesson.
UNK: The wedding you set out to have
UNK: Is almost never the wedding you end up with.
Lily : So, we've decided
Lily : On a small, outdoor wedding,
Lily : Just family and close friends.
Lily : No more than 25 people
Lily : In a beautiful garden somewhere,
Lily : Maybe an acoustic guitar playing
Lily : While we walk down the aisle.
Barney : And maybe you already know someone who went down
Barney : To the courthouse and registered as an officiant
Barney : So that he or she... he... Could perform the ceremony.
Robin : But you hate marriage.
Robin : Why do you want to perform the ceremony?
Barney : Because it subtly implants in the mind of every woman there
Barney : That when I ask a question, you say, "I do."
Lily : Yeah.
UNK: Ted 2030 : The closer you get to the big day,
UNK: Ted 2030 : The more concessions you make. Great.
Lily : Now my mom's making me invite the lessners.
Lily : This puts our numbers in the triple digits.
Robin : Wow. I guess sometimes, lessner is more... Ner.
Robin : You know how like sometimes less is more.
Ted : Yeah. This is one of those times, sweetie.
Marshall : You know what? That's okay.
Marshall : It'll be a slightly big outdoor wedding.
Lily : So it's not going to be an outdoor wedding anymore.
Lily : Marshall's dad is convinced if we have an outdoor wedding
Lily : In new york, he's going to get mugged,
Lily : So it's going to be inside now.
Lily : It'll be great.
Lily : We're still going to have
Lily : Our acoustic guitar player.
Lily : So now, instead of an acoustic guitar,
Lily : We're having a harp player.
Lily : Yeah. My dad owes a guy, and...
Lily : That guy's daughter plays the harp.
Barney : Is she hot?
Barney : I'd love to be able to cross "harp player" off my list.
Marshall : How long is this list?
Barney : Dude, I'm not gonna count how many pages the list is.
Barney : I'm not crass.