Marshall : Okay.
Lily : Thank you.
Marshall : Hat. We thought of authentic native american headdress
Marshall : Before we thought of hat.
Barney : Thank you all for coming.
Barney : For those of you who don't know me...
Barney : I'm not the biggest believer in marriage.
Barney : But... You two are so great together, you know?
UNK: Uh, it's like you were, uh, made for each other.
Robin : He's gonna cry.
Barman : No, I'm not.
Barney : I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Lily and marshall...
Barney : When everyone sees you, they...
Barney : See true love.
Barney : It's the best love...
Barney : Can we just, um, move on to the rings or something?
Robin : Oh, no.
Marshall : I don't have my vows.
Lily : I don't have mine either.
Ted : You don't need your vows.
Ted : Just say why you love each other.
Marshall : Okay, I'll go first.
Marshall : Lily, there are a million reasons why I love you.
Marshall : You make me laugh
Marshall : And you take care of me when I'm sick.
UNK: You're sweet and caring
Marshall : And you even created an egg dish and named it after me.
Marshall : She puts a little italian dressing in scrambled eggs
Marshall : Before she cooks them.
Marshall : It's called "eggs marshall," and it's awesome.
Marshall : But the main reason that I love you is
Marshall : That you're my best friend, lily.
Marshall : You're, uh...
Marshall : You're the best friend that I've ever had.
Marshall : I'm sorry, buddy.
Ted : No problem.
Barney : It's totally okay.
Lily : My turn.
Lily : Oh, thank you.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Marshall,
Lily : I love you because you're,
Lily : You're funny and you make me feel loved
Lily : And you make me feel safe
Lily : And for our anniversary, you gave me a sweatshirt
Lily : That says, "lily and marshall. Rockin' it since '96."
Lily : I kinda wish I was wearing it right now
Lily : 'cause it smells like you.
Lily : But the main reason I love you, marshall ericksen,
Lily : Is you make me happy.
Lily : You make me happy all the time.
Robin : Hey, I found your panties!
Brad : I'm good.
Marshall : Okay.
Barney : Marshall, do you take lily to be your wife
Barney : To have and to hold from this day forward?
Barney : From this day forward so as long as you both shall live?
Barney : I do.
Barney : Lily, do you promise to take marshall to be your husband
Barney : From this day forward as long as you both shall live?
Barney : I do.
Barney : Okay, then,
UNK: By the power vested in me
Barney : By the very bitter old pakistani man who works down
Barney : At the courthouse on lafayette street,
Barney : I now pronounce you man and wife.
Barney : You may kiss the bride.
UNK: Oh... Oh...
UNK: Do you smoke?
Lily : No.
UNK: Wow. First lie of the marriage.
Robin : That was fast.
UNK: Ted 2030 : After that, we all went back inside
UNK: Ted 2030 : For the second wedding.
UNK: And yeah, a lot of things did go wrong,
UNK: Ted 2030 : But it didn't matter
UNK: Because when we all look back on that day,
UNK: Ted 2030 : What I remember is the first wedding;
Lily : The intimate outdoor ceremony with just close friends
UNK: Ted 2030 : And an acoustic guitar.
UNK: ♪
Andrea : Oh...
Marshall : How do you feel?
Lily : Tired. I got married twice today.
Cousin : Ooh.
Marshall : So where do you want to do it for the first time
Marshall : As a married couple,
Marshall : Nice hotel room or a reception hall bathroom?
Lily : What do you think?
Lily : Bathroom, of course.
Ben : Mm.
Ted : Please don't.
UNK: Sorry, ted. Sorry, ted.
UNK: Captioned by media access group at wgb access.Wgbh.Org