Barney : Ah, let me see what I can do.
Ted : What? What can you do?
Barney : I have a superpower.
Marshall : Lily is gonna kill me!
Marshall : She's not gonna want to marry me like this.
Ted : That's crazy. Of course she will.
Marshall : Would you marry me?
UNK: No. But not because of the hair.
UNK: It's because I have a rule :
UNK: Never marry anyone you've had a farting contest with.
Marshall : Oh, great.
Marshall : So now you're saying lily and I shouldn't even get married?
Barney : Could I have everyone's attention, please?
Barney : It's for the bride.
Barney : One, the bride would...
Barney : Like all of this tension out of my shoulders.
Barney : And she would like, let's say,
UNK: You in the inappropriately
Barney : Short dress
Barney : To rub them.
Barney : Two...
Barney : What was two?
Ted : Okay, we have a bit of a situation.
Ted : Let's not panic.
Ted : Let's just find a solution.
UNK: Dude, you shaved your freakin' head.
Marshall : Yeah, yeah, but it's good.
Marshall : I ought to shave it all off.
Marshall : What a great solution.
Marshall : Just be bald 'cause it's cool, right?
Marshall : Bruce willis, michael jordan, britney spears...
Marshall : Oh, god, what did I do?!
Marshall : How could you let me shave my head?!
Marshall : You're the worst best man ever!
Marshall : I hate you!
Marshall : I'm not going out there!
Marshall : I'm leaving and I'm never coming back.
Marshall : I'm gonna go find that money under the rock
Marshall : By the tree and go live
Marshall : With the guys on the beach in zihautanejo.
Marshall : Only red andy was falsely accused.
Marshall : Ted, you're my best man! You got to do something!
Ted : Okay, all right, come here.
Ted : Just breathe, breathe, all right?
Ted : Don't worry. Don't worry.
Ted : I'll just... I'll take these.
Marshall : No!
Ted : Uh, hi. Uncle ben, right?
Ben : Yes.
Ted : Yes, we're, we're having a little bit
Ted : Of a problem back there.
Ted : Um, and I was wondering if you could help us out.
Lily : Yeah.
Ted : Marshall accidentally shaved part of his head.
UNK: Oh, no! Yeah.
Ted : Yeah, so here's what I was thinking.
UNK: Um, what if I found something to cover up the bald area?
Ben : Yeah, that would probably work, but with what?
UNK: Hmm, that's a tough one.
Ted : Maybe a wig of some sort or a, um...
Ted : Toupee.
Robin : Something that
UNK: Matches his hair color,
Ted : Which is, which is kind of the same color
UNK: As the top of your hair.
Ben : Mm, yeah.
Ben : Does anyone here wear a toupee?
Ben : Shouldn't be hard to find out.
Ben : Most of them are pretty bad.
Ted : That is true. That is true.
Ted : We just need to find someone who wears a toupee
Ted : That is the same color as marshall's
Ted : And your hair.
Ben : Boy, that's a pretty tall order.
Ted : Really? You can't think of any place
Ted : In the general area where there might
Ted : Be a toupee of the kind I'm describing to you?
Ben : No, not off the top of my...
Ben : No. Can't.
UNK: All right, let me come at this from a different angle.
Ted : I got $50 in my pocket
Ted : Which is probably a lot more...
Barney : The bride needs this.
Marshall : Actually, I think it kinda works.
Ted : It totally does.
Marshall : Barney?
Barney : To be honest,
Barney : I'm, uh, I'm jealous I don't get to wear it.
Marshall : Okay, problem solved. Crisis averted.
Marshall : Let's get me married.
Marshall : It looks terrible, doesn't it?
Ted : It kinda looks like fur,
Ted : Which gives you the appearance
Ted : Of a cleaned-up bigfoot.
Marshall : Oh, you know...
Ted : In a bad way.
Brad : Hey, cool hair, bro.
Ted : What happened to your shirt?
Brad : I got sauce on it
Brad : When I tackled the caterer.
Ted : You gonna put another shirt on?
Brad : No, I'm good.
Brad : Hey, you guys seen scooter?
Marshall : What? What? Scooter's here?