House : I get to ask the questions.
House : I've found you look a lot smarter asking questions than dumbly not answering them.
Chase : - High insulin levels in his blood. - They'd have to be very high.
Chase : Okay, very high insulin levels in his blood.
Cameron : How could he get high insulin levels?
Cameron : We've checked daily blood sugars, all normal.
House : See how smart she looks? 'Cause she asked the question.
Cameron : And it's not glucagonoma because he has no rash.
Cameron : It's not self-induced because he's not an idiot.
UNK: And it's not a tumor because the CT and the MRI were both negative.
UNK: Which just leaves tumor.
Cameron : Why do you do this? Why do you ignore what I say like I'm not even...
UNK: Small tumor. Really, really tiny.
House : So small we can't see it.
UNK: Nesidioblastoma.
Chase : An abnormal growth of the insulin-secreting cells in his pancreas?
UNK: That only intermittently secrets insulin...
UNK: In response to stress,
UNK: like if, I don't know, if someone
House : accidentally puts the mechanical bull on 11.
House : Easily removed by surgery.
Cameron : Except if it's so small we can't see it,
UNK: how are we even gonna prove it's there?
House : She asked, looking clever.
Cameron : Just start hacking away at his pancreas until he gets better?
House : How do you prove something exists when you can't see it?
House : Does God exist? Does the wind blow?
Foreman : - We know because the leaves move. - Look for effects.
UNK: You should look the other way.
UNK: - There's Cuddy with your patient. - Dr. House!
House : Dr. House has an emergency.
Foreman : - We can't avoid her forever. - Eventually she'll die.
House : You sure she doesn't have breast cancer?
UNK: We think you have a tumor.
House : Easily removed surgically. We're gonna poke it with a stick.
UNK: - And if there's no tumor? - Nothing happens.
House : Splenic artery, it's a hard left off the celiac.
Sebastian : If there is a tumor?
House : What usually happens when you poke something with a stick?
House : Pokes back.
Cameron : He's stuck in the superior mesenteric.
House : I knew we should have stopped for directions. Men!
Chase : I'm there.
UNK: We're gonna inject calcium into your pancreas.
House : The beta cells will release insulin.
House : If there are too many beta cells because of a tumor,
House : your blood sugar will drop precipitously.
Sebastian : How do we know it won't go too low?
House : Fingers and toes crossed.
House : Go ahead.
Cameron : Glucose is holding steady at 75.
House : - No leaves rustling. Blow harder. - I already gave him one amp.
House : Well, I guess now would be the time to give him more than one amp.
UNK: Fifty. It's starting to drop.
UNK: - Forty-five. - I think my arm's shaking.
UNK: I'm gonna start him on a glucose drip. He's gonna seize.
House : Not yet.
UNK: - It's continuing to drop. - Not fast enough.
Cameron : - He's seizing. - We've got to reverse this.
Cameron : He's at 40, 38, 35.
House : Push an amp of D50. You want to kill the guy?
Cameron : We're back to 40.
UNK: Congratulations. You have a tumor.
UNK: Are you gonna go out with him?
Cameron : - Is that any of your business? - Nope.
Cameron : I don't think so.