House : Well, if you live by the river, I've got a bag.
Foreman : Hey. Stress test was normal.
House : - But his EKG was not normal. - Echo's normal.
House : Two for you, one for me. We need a tiebreaker.
UNK: Echo and stress tests are more reliable.
UNK: Tilt table tests.
UNK: That never works.
UNK: I'll bet you a week's clinic duty it does.
Foreman : You're on.
House : You like this guy?
Foreman : You always tell us our opinion of the patient's irrelevant.
House : Medically, it's irrelevant. It says something about you.
UNK: You figure anybody who gives a crap about people in Africa must be full of it?
UNK: Yes.
House : There's an evolutionary imperative why we give a crap about our family and friends.
House : And there's an evolutionary imperative why we don't give a crap about anybody else.
House : If we loved all people indiscriminately, we couldn't function.
Foreman : So the great humanitarian's as selfish as the rest of us?
House : Just not as honest about it.
UNK: Well, you also always tell us motives are irrelevant.
Foreman : Dr. Charles, your heart's handling the changes in orientation just fine.
Foreman : No pauses on your EKG.
UNK: And House drives in for the lay-up and no, rejected!
House : - What does this knobby thing do? - I'm within protocol range.
UNK: You're not gonna get a different result.
UNK: The way I figure it is, this could show you problems at six,
UNK: imagine what it'll tell you if you crank it to 10.
Sebastian : - House, is that you? - Does it go to 11?
Foreman : Would you stop? You lost. I'm scheduled for clinic duty Thursday and Friday.
Sebastian : All right, I'm beginning to feel nauseous.
Foreman : Would you turn the damn thing off before you break it?
Sebastian : Okay, I'm getting dizzy.
Sebastian : I can't see and I'm gonna pass out.
House : - I win. - At those speeds, astronauts throw up.
House : I'm not talking about the nausea.
UNK: - The test revealed the problem. - Yeah? House is insane?
Sebastian : - What he just did... - Abusive and unprofessional.
Foreman : If he hadn't done it, we wouldn't have seen the problem.
Foreman : You've got an abnormal PR interval.
Foreman : It could be dangerous, possibly fatal, particularly if you're in Africa
Foreman : away from advanced medicine.
UNK: I'm gonna need a pacemaker?
Foreman : You're scheduled for surgery this afternoon.
UNK: We'll be able to maintain your pacemaker from anywhere.
Cameron : You just need to get yourself to a phone line every few months.
Sebastian : Better yet, you could join me at one of my clinics.
Cameron : - I'm kind of spoiled. - Well, we'll get you a hut with a view.
UNK: - Do you like sand? - I meant medically.
Cameron : - No PET scans, no MRis... - This is ridiculous.
Foreman : - Dr. Charles... - I know. I know. Hospital regulations.
UNK: Darling, have a seat. Come on.
Sebastian : You're smart. You'll adapt.
UNK: - We're going up or down? - Basement.
Sebastian : All right.
Sebastian : You might even find that without the technological crutches,
Sebastian : you become a better diagnostician.
Sebastian : My heart can handle this, right?
Cameron : So far, just carnival rides have set you off.
Sebastian : When you meet these people, it changes you.
Sebastian : We should talk about it over dinner.
Cameron : Are you asking me to Africa or on a date?
UNK: I can ask you halfway around the world, I can't ask you to a restaurant a block away?
UNK: - Well, one's a job, and the other's... - Yeah, hospital regs.
Sebastian : You can't date patients, right? I wouldn't wanna risk your precious objectivity.
Sebastian : You haven't answered either question, by the way.
Cameron : You don't think objectivity's important?
Sebastian : I think doctors like House cling to objectivity
Sebastian : like a three-year-old to a blanket. Don't get too worked up.
Sebastian : Stay calm. Stay cool and maintain the correct perspective.
UNK: The only flaw in their argument is that when you have millions of people dying,
Sebastian : the correct perspective is to be yelling at the top of your lungs.
UNK: - Sorry. My head is killing me. - Here, sit on the step.
UNK: So, are you gonna go out with me or not?
Cameron : Your heart rate's normal.
Sebastian : Yeah, of course it is. It's one flight of stairs.
UNK: I'm gonna be fine.
Sebastian : Hand's a little...
Cameron : Call a code, second floor stairwell!
Cameron : - You were wrong. - Hey, I have feelings.
House : I'm trying my best. Isn't that enough for you?
UNK: - The abnormal EKG was real. - It's not sick sinus syndrome.
House : Thank God we found out before we put the pacemaker in.
House : And thank God you dragged him into a stairwell to get his heart racing.
UNK: We were taking the stairs. They keep them in the stairwell.
Chase : The guy's a selfish jerk. Why would you...
Cameron : Why would you say he's selfish?
House : Because he's been talking to Foreman.