UNK: And I take it for two years.
UNK: Streptomycin. Now, that's two grand.
Sebastian : Ten grand, cure one person.
UNK: I had a patient in Djani once.
Sebastian : It was a mother, had three little boys.
Sebastian : She had resistant TB.
Sebastian : She couldn't afford these.
Sebastian : She couldn't afford bread.
Sebastian : We gave her the regular stuff, but
Sebastian : - no surprise, she died. - Sorry.
Sebastian : I'm not taking these pills.
Cameron : Because she couldn't get them, you're not gonna take them?
Cameron : - That's insane. - Why?
Sebastian : - 'Cause I'm better than her? - Because letting her die was wrong,
Cameron : but letting you die is just as wrong.
Sebastian : Maybe I won't die.
Sebastian : Maybe somebody will pay a little more attention to my story.
Cameron : He figures the pharmaceutical companies
Cameron : need something big to force them into action.
Cameron : This'll get a lot more media play than 1,000 African villagers dying.
House : So, he won't take the pills.
Chase : - Newsweek's calling you. - And he won't agree to any more tests.
Cameron : He has his diagnosis.
House : See what happens when you don't listen to me?
Cameron : Maybe millions of lives get saved.
House : Yeah. That's my point.
House : Increased heart rate, night sweats,
House : loss of consciousness. Besides rough sex, what do they all have in common?
Villager : - T... - It's not TB!
Chase : His autonomic nervous system?
UNK: - We know that it's not a brain tumor. - What else could be eating his nerves?
Foreman : Fabry's. Autonomic dysregulation syndrome.
Foreman : Shy-Drager syndrome. It doesn't matter. He won't let us test him.
House : In my opinion, Dr. Sebastian Charles is an idiot.
House : Yeah, you can quote me. C-U-D-D-Y.
House : Sebastian is refusing life-saving treatment.
Cuddy : He's refusing TB treatment. You don't think he has TB.
Cuddy : - Ergo, you should care less. - He won't let me test him.
Cuddy : And what do you want me to do about it?
House : Hold him down.
Cuddy : Have you apologized to Cecelia Carter yet?
UNK: Trust me, she doesn't wanna hear from me.
House : Look, the guy is killing himself!
House : Am I the only one who realizes this is a bad thing?
House : If he was a Christian Scientist refusing meds, we'd have 18 attorneys...
House : You're putting on makeup.
House : That's not a good sign for my side, is it?
Cuddy : Sebastian has called a press conference for 3 : 00.
Cuddy : He's asked me to be there to confirm the diagnosis and the prognosis.
House : You are as big a media whore as he is.
Cuddy : Of course I am. It couldn't possibly be that I think he's right,
UNK: and that I'd like to be a small part of what he's doing.
House : Oh, whores can like the sex. Doesn't mean they're not whores.
House : And with that eye shadow, I am totally screwed, aren't I?
UNK: Totally.
UNK: How you feeling? A little weak.
Cameron : You're having a good day.
Cameron : The symptoms will quickly focus more and more on your lungs.
Cameron : You'll find it difficult to talk and eventually breathe at all.
UNK: I think I know what I'll have to look forward to.
Sebastian : I know.
Cameron : I just came to ask if you'd be willing to accept any treatment.
UNK: No, if you're trying to scare me into...
Cameron : No. Palliative treatment.
UNK: Narcotics.
Cameron : Fentanyl patch, morphine drip, whatever it takes.
Cameron : We can make your last days fairly comfortable.
Cameron : And if you have another good day, maybe dinner.
Sebastian : Thank you.
UNK: You want Third World treatment? You got it.
UNK: - Boy, is it hot here in Djani. - What are you doing?
House : What am I doing?
House : Putting everything on the floor of the hut.
UNK: What's the magic box with the moving pictures?
Cameron : - You think he's a hypocrite? - Hypocrite? No.