Chase : No, I haven't. I'm just giving my opinion.
Chase : This kind of altruism doesn't just naturally...
House : Excellent briefing.
Foreman : Hey, the guy's still sick. Can we talk about that?
UNK: Now, headaches point to a neurological problem.
Foreman : Acoustic neuroma.
UNK: A brain tumor causes dizziness, loss of consciousness,
Foreman : messes with breathing patterns, heart rhythms...
House : Get an MRI.
UNK: Hello?
House : Oh, I'm sorry. I'll be right down. No problem.
House : I'll do an extra hour to make up.
House : I'm late for my clinic duty.
House : Here, go be me for a couple of hours.
UNK: Explosive diarrhea, fever, it's probably the flu.
Cecelia : Wow. You're good. You a Harvard boy?
UNK: - You're not Hill, Oliver. - No.
Cecelia : Carter, Cecelia.
Foreman : They put you in the wrong room, Cecelia.
Cecelia : - Mrs. Carter. - Sorry.
UNK: I'll just be a few more minutes.
Foreman : Don't take these in order, everything falls apart.
Cecelia : I have cancer.
Cecelia : I felt a lump.
Foreman : - I'll go get a nurse. - Yeah, see you in an hour or two.
Foreman : Lie flat.
Foreman : Lift your left arm up and under your head.
Sebastian : - Right there? - Yeah.
Cecelia : I felt it this morning.
Cecelia : Oh, my cousin had the same thing.
Foreman : It's nothing.
Foreman : We should check it again on your next cycle,
Foreman : but you really don't have anything to worry about.
Cecelia : That's what they told Donna.
Cecelia : - She was dead in six months. - Listen, the edges are smooth.
Foreman : It has mobility. It has all the earmarks of a benign...
Cecelia : Why should I believe you?
Cecelia : Because you're trying to rush me out of here?
Foreman : The risks of a false positive on a biopsy outweigh...
Cecelia : Either you do the biopsy, or I talk to your superior.
UNK: Which is it, Dr. House?
Foreman : - I'll arrange the biopsy. - Thanks.
Cameron : - He asked me out. - I'm shocked.
Chase : I'm shocked when patients don't ask you out.
Cameron : He also asked me to come to Africa.
Chase : Boy, he moves fast.
Cameron : I think the two questions had two different objectives.
Chase : Do you like him?
UNK: Good-looking single guy, genius doctor,
Cameron : - cares about the world. - I take it you said no.
UNK: - You think I'm that hung up on rules? - He's not House.
Chase : There's nothing there.
Cameron : Yeah, there is.
House : Did I ask you to plant a PPD?
Cameron : It was positive. He's got TB!
House : Well, of course he's got TB. The guy's been in the jungle for 20 years.
House : If he tested positive for pinkeye, would you think that was his big problem?
Cameron : I did a test. It was positive. Why is that a problem?
House : Because now he's got the big red target on his arm,
House : the stubborn jerk thinks he's right. He won't let us do any more tests.
UNK: Well, maybe he's not the only stubborn jerk.
UNK: I did an LP, too. Low glucose, and he has an increased sed rate.
UNK: - Everything screams tuberculosis! - Not everything!
Cameron : If any of the symptoms are caused by the TB, it would throw off our diagnosis.
House : You're right. We gotta treat the TB.
Cameron : Who knows? Maybe he'll just get better.
House : You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Wilson : So, it's TB, but not TB?
House : - I'm complicated. - The guy does know tuberculosis.
Wilson : - If he says it can manifest... - The guy's not even a real doctor.
House : - He's a human telethon. - Is that your problem with him?
Wilson : You see hypocrites every day. Why is this guy so special?
House : You think I have a hypocritical attitude to hypocrisy?
House : The problem is, there are 26 letters in the alphabet and he only uses two of them.