Gates : You do whatever you need to do to get him back his little girl.
Gates : Anything you need, Detective.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Esposito : How's he doing?
Castle : It's Alexis.
Ryan : He's gotta be wrecked. Hell, I'm wrecked.
UNK: Yeah, well, we gotta put all of that aside and help him find her.
Beckett : Where are we on the van?
Esposito : We've been working the traffic cam footage
UNK: and we made some headway.
Ryan : After the van left Lower Manhattan, we picked it up on East River Drive
UNK: heading towards the Queens-Midtown tunnel.
Beckett : We gotta figure out where that van went.
Beckett : Let's bring in some more bodies to review the footage.
UNK: We find the van, we'll find Alexis.
UNK: You'll let us know if you need anything?
UNK: Fbi Tech Guy : Certainly, sir.
Castle : Oh, Mother.
Castle : I'm sorry. I am so sorry.
Martha : Richard! This is not your fault.
UNK: - I don't know. Maybe if I had just... - No ifs.
Martha : Do not torture yourself with ifs.
Martha : The only people to blame for this are the ones who took her.
Martha : Alexis is her father's daughter.
Martha : She is strong, and she is smart, and she is going to get through this.
Castle : Yeah, I know.
Martha : No, no, no. I'm not just saying this.
Martha : She's going to be all right. I feel it in my heart.
Martha : And my heart is never wrong.
Castle : - What about your first marriage? - Well...
Castle : - And your second? - Okay, fine, fine,
Martha : occasionally my heart is wrong.
Martha : But it is not in this case.
Castle : I just keep wondering,
Castle : how did the kidnappers know Sara was gonna be at the Beaumont Hotel?
Martha : You have Kate Beckett and the FBI tracking Alexis down.
Martha : Just let them do their job. And they need for you to be here.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : What do you got?
UNK: Our van exited the Queens-to-Midtown tunnel to Greenpoint,
Esposito : took Greenpoint Ave to McGuinness, then went west on Huron.
Beckett : Then where did the van go?
Ryan : Well, we're not sure. But this area, right here,
Ryan : it's pretty much boxed in
Ryan : by Greenpoint Ave, McGuinness and Franklin.
Esposito : We checked the video feeds from those streets.
UNK: The van went into that neighborhood, but never came out.
Ryan : The girls have to be somewhere in there.
Ryan : Along with Henson.
Beckett : - Okay, so how big is our search zone? - Twenty square blocks.
Beckett : Okay, coordinate with Feds and Queens PD.
UNK: We need to do a street-by-street search for that van.
UNK: Plainclothes and unmarked cars only.
Alexis : So, I'm sitting by the fountain on the south quad this morning,
Alexis : sipping my macchiato, trying to study for a chem quiz,
UNK: and I had this, I guess it was another freshman moment.
Alexis : I'm sure eventually I'll become jaded and cynical, but not today.
Alexis : Today, I look around and I see beautiful buildings.
UNK: I see students who are just like me and nothing like me.
UNK: And I feel overwhelmed
Alexis : with all the possibilities,
Alexis : with how lucky I am to be a part of this,
UNK: and how there is nowhere on Earth I'd rather be right now.
Alexis : Now, stand by for a geek alert.
UNK: Me and my friend Sara
Alexis : got tickets to go see Dr. Posner speak at the Beaumont tonight.
UNK: And for those of you who don't know,
Alexis : Dr. Posner is one of the foremost thinkers on climate change,
Alexis : a personal hero of mine...
Castle : Do you see? Are you watching?
Beckett : Castle, if the kidnappers knew that Alexis and Sara were friends...
UNK: They did know. They had to know.
UNK: They tracked Sara to the hotel from this video.
UNK: Alexis posted it yesterday afternoon at 2 : 36.
UNK: The kidnappers must have accessed her website.
Beckett : Okay, I'm contacting Tech right now.
UNK: Have them trace every IP address that accessed that site after 2 : 36 p.m.
Beckett : Which might take time, depending on...
Castle : What if she doesn't have time?
Beckett : - Castle, listen to me. - Don't!
Castle : Don't promise me you'll find her unless you can do it.
UNK: Because I would never forgive you,
Castle : any more than I'd ever forgive myself.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : We got something.
Castle : What's that, Beckett?
Castle : What's going on?
Beckett : Castle, I gotta go. I'll call you as soon as I find something, okay?
Castle : Beckett, wait.