UNK: Anwar El-masri : I just want my daughter back.
Beckett : And we're doing everything that we can to make that happen, Mr. El-Masri,
Beckett : along with the FBI.
UNK: Lina El- Masri : She's only 20 years old.
UNK: Lina El- Masri : A child. Who did this to her?
Beckett : Well, so far we know that at least two people were involved.
Beckett : The driver and this man.
Beckett : Does he look familiar to you?
Anwar : - No, not to me. Lina? - No.
Anwar : I will pay them.
Anwar : I will pay whatever they ask.
Lina : What if that isn't what they want?
Lina : You've made enemies, Anwar.
Anwar : In Egypt, not here. This is about money.
UNK: This is always about money.
Castle : It's also about this man.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Hasim Farouk. Have you ever seen him?
UNK: Yeah, I tried to reach Hasim when I learned of this.
Anwar : Perhaps he can help us if...
Castle : Wait, you know him?
Anwar : Sara would not accept a bodyguard.
Anwar : So I hired Hasim to watch over her discreetly.
Anwar : Where is he?
Beckett : He died trying to protect her.
Beckett : Now, you hired him to guard Sara.
Beckett : Was she receiving threats?
UNK: No.
Anwar : But a man in my position...
Anwar : I begged Sara to be careful.
Anwar : But she said, "Baba, you worry too much."
UNK: She thinks like an American now.
Anwar : Trusts like an American.
Anwar : I will pay anything.
UNK: She is my only child.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Would you excuse us for a moment?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : This is Agent Harris.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : He'll be running point on the kidnapping.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : Good to meet you.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : Detective Ryan brought me up to speed on things.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : How are the El-Masris?
Beckett : Scared. Devastated.
Harris : Okay, that's good.
Anwar : It is?
Harris : It beats angry or defensive.
Harris : They want to be helpful and honest, which is important,
Harris : because at the end of the day, it's the accuracy of our information
Harris : that can determine whether this ends well or badly.
Harris : - I'll keep you in the loop. - We'll do the same.
UNK: So I got Ryan and Esposito looking into Sara's movements from last night.
Beckett : I figure if we can find out what she was doing in Lower Manhattan,
Beckett : that could lead us to whoever killed Hasim.
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Oh, yeah, I just can't imagine what they're going through right now.
UNK: Do you think that this is really about money?
Castle : Did a web search on El-Masri.
UNK: He's worth over 300 million.
Beckett : Yeah, but still, who hires an ex-commando
Beckett : to babysit their daughter?
Castle : I've considered it.
Beckett : And I don't doubt that.
UNK: But did you see how he shot her down when she brought up enemies?
Castle : He just doesn't want to believe the worst.
Castle : And frankly, I can't blame him.
Ryan : Hey, so I just interviewed Sara's roommate, Amber.
Ryan : She wasn't any help with Hasim or the kidnapping.
Ryan : But she did say that Sara went out last night.
Beckett : Where did she go?
UNK: All Amber could remember is that it was some kind of science thing.
Esposito : Okay, I found three science-related events
Esposito : in Lower Manhattan from last night.
Esposito : First, a sci-fi movie marathon at an art house theater
UNK: eight blocks from where Hasim got clocked.
Castle : Though, by definition, science fiction is not science.
Esposito : It has the word in it.
UNK: It's... That's an excellent point.
Beckett : What are the other two?
Esposito : Uh, a star-gazing tour led by an actual astronomer.
Esposito : And a speech from a scientist named Hayden Posner,
Esposito : in the ballroom of the Beaumont Hotel.
Castle : Dr. Posner. He's an expert on climate change.
Castle : Alexis bought me his book.
Castle : Which I still haven't read.
Beckett : And the Beaumont Hotel would explain why Sara was in Lower Manhattan.
Castle : And she's a marine biology major,