Beckett : NYPD! Don't move.
Beckett : Douglas Stevens, you're under arrest.
Beckett : The girls that you took, where are they?
Beckett : Where's your partner, Roger Henson?
Beckett : Who put the two of you up to this?
UNK: Douglas Stevens : I got nothing to say.
UNK: Well, then you're gonna go down for all of it.
UNK: You were driving the van.
UNK: That's murder, two counts of kidnapping.
UNK: Do you know how many years you're going to be in jail for?
UNK: It's in the triple digits.
UNK: Tell us where the girls are. That's your only hope.
Castle : Let me know when my ambulance gets here.
Castle : I'd like a minute with him.
UNK: I just said I don't wanna talk, so you can't question me.
Stevens : I have rights.
UNK: I'm not gonna say anything without a lawyer.
Castle : I'm not a cop.
Stevens : Then who are you?
Castle : You remember the girl with the red hair?
Castle : I'm her father.
Castle : Please know,
Castle : I will do whatever it takes to get her back.
Castle : Those police outside are my friends.
Castle : My daughter's friends, too.
Castle : So it's just you and me.
Stevens : If you touch me, I'll press charges.
Beckett : I don't care.
Beckett : Where are they?
UNK: I'm just a driver, I don't know anything.
UNK: You know Henson ditched the van for the black Yukon.
Castle : So where did he go?
Castle : Where did he take the girls?
Castle : I won't ask you again. Where did he take the girls?
Sara : That's a good question.
Beckett : The minute she knows, you'll know.
Castle : I just wish that minute was now.
UNK: This is all happening too fast and too slow at the same time.
Beckett : Tell me what happened with Douglas Stevens.
Castle : I appealed to his humanity.
Beckett : I didn't think you had that side to you.
Castle : When it comes to the people I love, I do.
Captor : Put the food tray under the door.
Alexis : My name's Alexis, this is Sara.
Captor : Put the food tray under the door.
Alexis : It's kind of cold in here.
Alexis : Is there any way we could get
Alexis : some more blankets?
Alexis : What just happened?
Sara : The man on the radio, he was speaking Arabic.
UNK: He said, "Return to your posts. We have visitors."
Harris : Go! Go, go, go!
UNK: FBI! Search warrant!
Harris : Go, go, go!
Castle : You know, I still remember.
Castle : When Alexis was born,
Castle : they handed me this tiny person, all bundled up.
UNK: She just stared up at me.
Castle : And when I looked down at her, this feeling hit me.
Castle : Like I'd been struck by lightning.
Castle : It was love.
Castle : That instant,
Castle : inexplicable love you can only feel for your child.
Castle : In that moment, I knew.
Castle : I knew my life had changed forever.