UNK: Look, the guns could fit with terrorism. But the wire-tapping equipment?
Castle : Maybe he's a spy.
Castle : He's got military training.
UNK: It says here he was a commando in the Saudi Special Forces.
Beckett : But then there's this.
UNK: Twenty-five grand wired to him every month from a Swiss bank account.
Beckett : Whatever he was doing, he was well-funded.
Castle : What did his fellow students have to say?
Beckett : Well, I talked to most of the girls on Bram Stoker's list,
Beckett : and none of them noticed Hasim in class or even knew who he was.
Beckett : It's like the guy was invisible.
Castle : He was hiding in plain sight.
UNK: A foreign agent, in deep cover,
Castle : on some kind of special reconnaissance mission.
Beckett : So then why would he shoot up a van?
Castle : Maybe Jack Bauer was driving.
Esposito : Yo, Ryan's hunting through traffic cam footage looking for that van.
Esposito : In the meantime, things with Hasim just keep getting weirder.
Esposito : Tech went over that surveillance gear.
Esposito : It looks like he was using it to monitor an active bug
Esposito : installed in some apartment about a half a mile from his place.
Beckett : Whose apartment was it?
Esposito : According to the lease,
UNK: it belonged to this chick. Sara El-Masri.
Esposito : I called and left a message on her cell phone.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Sara El-Masri was one of the students in the Joyce class.
Beckett : She was one of the girls on Bram Stoker's flirt list.
Castle : What did she say about Hasim?
Beckett : I couldn't reach her. I just left a message.
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Ryan : I got something here you need to see.
Ryan : Unfortunately, there were no traffic or security cams near the crime scene.
Ryan : But we did find this footage,
Ryan : shot down the street
Ryan : from where Hasim was hit.
Esposito : That's definitely the van that took him out.
UNK: The front end's all crunched up, you can see the bullet holes.
UNK: Yeah, now watch this.
Castle : Wait. Uh...
Beckett : Go back to where she ran out.
Beckett : Zoom in on her face.
Beckett : That's Sara El-Masri.
Beckett : She was abducted.
Castle : And Hasim died trying to stop it.
Beckett : Whoever this is, he abducted a girl
Beckett : and he killed our victim.
Beckett : So what do we know about him from the video?
Ryan : He's a male, late 30s,
Ryan : no distinguishing scars or tattoos.
Ryan : But we sent the footage over to the FBI,
Ryan : see if they can run it through their facial recognition software.
Beckett : Are they updated on the abduction?
Ryan : Yes, and they're sending over an agent to liaise.
Ryan : Meanwhile, we're checking other traffic cams,
Ryan : see if we can track where that van went after Sara tried to escape.
Castle : Hasim was surveilling her apartment
Castle : and he was nearby when she was kidnapped.
Castle : But why? What was their relationship?
Ryan : Well, Sara's roommate's coming in, maybe she has an answer.
Ryan : There were no phone calls between them.
UNK: It's looking more like he was stalking her.
Ryan : Not only did he wire-tap her place,
Ryan : he was also taking two classes that she was in.
UNK: Maybe it's like The Conversation.
Ryan : I'm sorry, I don't...
Castle : - Francis Ford Coppola. - Gene Hackman.
Beckett : - Very underrated. - Thank you.
Castle : Um, in it, a surveillance expert
Castle : overhears a plot against the woman he's bugging.
Castle : Maybe Hasim got wind of the kidnapping,
Castle : tried to thwart it, and paid with his life.
UNK: But that still doesn't explain the guns in his apartment.
Castle : True, Gene Hackman did not possess an arsenal.
Ryan : So it could be that Hasim was in on the kidnapping.
Ryan : And it went sideways.
Ryan : Or he got cold feet.
Beckett : All right, dig into his emails and phone records.
Beckett : - Let's see who he was in touch with. - On it.
Esposito : So, here's what I've dug up on Sara El-Masri.
Esposito : She's a sophomore, majoring in marine biology.
Esposito : She was born in Cairo, to an uber-wealthy Egyptian family.
Beckett : So this could have been a kidnapping for ransom.
Beckett : Where are her parents?
Esposito : The El-Masris have a place at The Dakota.
Esposito : They're on their way in now.
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I am sick in my heart.
Beckett : I just...