UNK: You're sure she's not in the cellar or some hidden room somewhere?
Harris : We searched top to bottom. They're gone.
Harris : We did find these.
Harris : Either of them belong to Alexis?
Castle : Yeah. That one there,
Castle : that's hers.
Castle : What does it mean that her coat's here and she's not?
UNK: This must've been a way station until they moved the girls someplace else.
Beckett : They've been one step ahead of us this whole time.
UNK: These people we're dealing with are sophisticated.
Harris : There are webcams outside.
Harris : Our approach was streamed to an anonymous IP address.
Harris : That same IP accessed your daughter's website.
Castle : And you can't trace it?
Harris : It was routed across four continents. We're not optimistic.
Beckett : What about Roger Henson?
Harris : He was shot to death.
Harris : After being tortured at length
Harris : by someone who knew what they were doing.
Beckett : His fingernails were pulled off.
Castle : I don't understand.
Castle : Henson was working for the kidnappers.
Castle : Why would they torture him?
Esposito : I don't know.
Castle : Well, then what do you think?
Castle : What is your best guess as to what this means for Alexis?
Castle : For the girls?
Harris : It means getting them back may be a little more complicated.
Alexis : Were you crying in there?
Sara : I thought the running water would cover it up.
Alexis : We'll be all right, Sara.
Sara : I thought this was all about the money.
Sara : But these people speak Arabic.
Sara : My father is a hated man back in Egypt.
Alexis : We need to get out of here.
Sara : The only way out is through that door and it's locked.
UNK: Hey, are those bobby pins?
Beckett : There are hopeful signs here, Castle.
Beckett : They've gone out of their way not to harm the girls.
Beckett : They want them alive.
Beckett : That'll give us time to track down whoever is behind this.
UNK: How?
Castle : Our main suspect is dead,
Castle : the only thing Stevens knew is where the farmhouse is,
UNK: and we have no idea who we're looking for.
Beckett : The FBI is searching the farm for evidence,
Beckett : they're canvassing the area for witnesses that might have seen
Beckett : whoever was on the property.
Castle : All of which is just another way of saying that we're back to square one.
UNK: It won't be the first time.
Beckett : We're gonna solve this, Castle. We will find a way.
UNK: "We've done it before, with less to go on."
Beckett : You know who told me that?
Bram : I did.
Castle : In a fit of irrational optimism.
Beckett : Castle, go see your mom.
Beckett : Get some rest. Come back in the morning.
Beckett : No one is giving up here.
UNK: No, I can't. I...
Beckett : Here's a decaf.
Beckett : It's for the road.
Castle : Thank you.
Sara : It's been hours now.
Alexis : My dad taught me how to do this
Alexis : when he was researching for one of his books.
Alexis : He actually bought a door for us to practice on.
Sara : This was recently?
Alexis : - I was 10. - Oh, God.
Alexis : I can do this.
Alexis : One bobby pin is the torsion wrench, the other is the lock-pick.
UNK: I just need to be careful
Alexis : not to apply too much pressure.
Sara : Did you just break the hairpin?
Sara : Because that's the last one.
Alexis : No! I got it.
Sara : Oh, my God.
Sara : What's out there?
Alexis : A hallway. Like in an office building. I don't see anyone.
Sara : What if they catch us? Then what?
Alexis : They want us alive. Just remember that.
Alexis : Here's the plan. We head down the hall.
Alexis : There has to be a way out.
Alexis : If it looks like there's two ways, we split up
Alexis : and double our chances that one of us makes it out.
UNK: I think I'm gonna throw up.
Alexis : You're not going to throw up.
Alexis : You're going to get out of here.
Sara : Okay. Okay.
Martha : - Go. - No, no.
Alexis : We talked about this. Go!
UNK: Fbi Tech Guy : Were you expecting someone to Skype you?