Castle : which means she would be interested in climate change.
Beckett : Let's go.
Manager : Yes, I remember her.
UNK: A very lovely young woman.
Esposito : Sara El-Masri. Yes, she definitely attended.
Manager : I checked her in myself.
Beckett : Did you notice anything unusual about her?
Manager : No. After Dr. Posner's presentation, she stayed for the Q and A,
Manager : which went rather late. And then she left.
Castle : Any idea where she went?
Manager : All I know is that she exited the ballroom.
Manager : I stayed on to set up for a wedding reception.
Castle : Did she speak with anyone?
Manager : Just the person she was with.
Castle : Who was that?
Manager : A young woman.
Manager : They sat together, they seemed to be friends.
Manager : But I couldn't tell you her name.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe this woman?
Manager : Red hair, pale skin.
Manager : Also very lovely.
UNK: Can I see that for a moment?
Castle : It's Alexis. She's on the list. She was here last night.
UNK: Oh, maybe she knows her.
Beckett : Maybe they met at the event.
Castle : At the very least, I'm sure she can help us out.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : That's her ringtone.
Castle : What's that?
Manager : Our lost and found.
Manager : In fact, a guest turned in a phone last night.
Manager : They found it in the street out front.
Castle : They took Alexis, too.
Harris : Mr. Castle, we will do everything in our power to get your daughter back.
UNK: I don't want to be "handled." Just let me know where things stand.
Harris : Let's start with the facts as we now understand them.
UNK: Your daughter attended last night's event with Sara El-Masri.
Harris : Apparently they met in an environmental science class
Harris : and became friends.
Harris : GPS on her phone shows
Harris : that it was left outside the hotel shortly after the event ended.
Harris : That, plus the fact that no one has seen or heard from her in the 16 hours since,
Harris : leads us to conclude that she, too, was forced into the van.
Beckett : Now why would they take Alexis if Sara was the target?
Harris : She was probably with Sara at the time. She was a witness.
UNK: It would've been easier to take her than
UNK: not.
Castle : So you're saying she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Harris : It appears that way.
Beckett : Do you have any suspects?
Harris : We have a name.
Harris : Facial recognition gave us an ID on the man in the video.
Harris : Roger Henson.
Harris : We know him mainly as a mid-level narcotics smuggler.
Beckett : If we know he's out there, we can get him.
UNK: We could initiate a manhunt.
Harris : We're already searching for Henson, along with all his known associates.
Harris : But he is a career felon.
Harris : Finding him won't be easy.
Castle : What's a drug smuggler doing involved in a kidnapping?
Harris : We're not sure.
UNK: But Roger Henson is not a shot-caller.
UNK: He's a middleman, a hired gun.
Harris : He may have been hired to abduct the girls.
Castle : What happens now?
Harris : We press ahead on multiple fronts, with a focus on Henson.
Harris : Locating him could crack the case.
Harris : We're also creating contingency plans for when and if
Harris : the kidnappers make contact.
UNK: "Lf"? What do you mean "if"?
Beckett : We know that the El-Masris are wealthy,
Beckett : and you told us that Sara was the target.
Harris : Mr. El-Masri admitted he had close ties with the previous regime in Egypt.
Harris : As a result, he made some very powerful enemies.
Harris : It's possible his daughter's abduction was motivated by revenge.
Castle : Okay, where does that leave my daughter?
UNK: I mean, if she wasn't the one they were after
UNK: and she's just in the way...
Harris : Mr. Castle, you need to stay positive.
Harris : Whatever their motives,
Harris : the kidnappers will realize she has value.
Harris : Now what we need to do next is go to your home
UNK: and set up a trap-and-trace on your phone lines
Harris : so we're ready for their call.
Harris : I'll wait for you outside.
Castle : Gates will see.
Beckett : I don't care.
Castle : I can't believe this is happening.
Beckett : We're gonna find her, Castle.
Beckett : We will.