UNK: A failed student.
Castle : The drop-out.
Castle : You fed her this?
Castle : Mother, you are forever forbidden from practicing the art of Pancake-do.
Martha : Where did I go wrong?
Castle : Where do I begin?
UNK: But Alexis isn't even here. Why are you making these?
Castle : You miss her.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Well, don't you?
Castle : Yes, of course I do. But Columbia is just a cab ride away.
UNK: Oh, she was the center of our lives for so long
UNK: and now she's just gone.
Castle : Right now is just Alexis' time to make her own way in the world.
Castle : But she'll be back.
Castle : Like Simba in The Lion King. It's the circle of life.
Martha : Oh, darling.
UNK: Kate Beckett : You seem to have adopted a real Zen-like attitude
UNK: about all this, Castle.
UNK: Well, I've realized I've been a little overprotective of Alexis at times.
Castle : Okay, constantly.
Castle : But since she's left for Columbia, I've learned to let go.
UNK: I stopped checking her video blog.
Castle : I don't ask to meet her boyfriend anymore.
Castle : I've come to realize that, like a bird, Alexis needed to leave the nest.
Castle : So, I let her fly, turned around, and I strode away.
Castle : That's acceptance.
Beckett : Wait, wouldn't acceptance be letting her go,
Beckett : seeing where she flies and then being okay with it?
UNK: Yeah, but I wouldn't be okay with that. I don't want to see where she goes.
UNK: Or what other birds of prey are out there, or what other nests or...
Beckett : So is that acceptance? Or denial?
UNK: Well, it was acceptance till you started applying your fiendish logic.
UNK: Lanie Parish : How about you guys apply some fiendish logic to this?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Meet Hasim Farouk. Man versus van, at 1 : 00 a.m. Last night.
UNK: Lanie Parish : He was killed instantly.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Knocked right out of his shoes at the point of impact.
UNK: So, hit-and-run?
Esposito : Well, that's just the tip of the iceberg. A witness, homeless guy,
Esposito : said that the victim emptied his gun at the van,
Esposito : just stood in the middle of the street, shooting, right until it hit him.
Castle : Why would he do that?
Esposito : I don't know, but he definitely knew his way around guns.
UNK: Jan!
UNK: This is a SIG P220 S,
UNK: with a weight-compensator, target sights,
UNK: and a custom-molded grip to his hand.
Esposito : This was a serious shooter.
Beckett : What else do we know about him?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Well, Hasim Farouk is a Saudi national, living here as a student.
Castle : Majoring in what? Urban warfare?
Ryan : Undeclared, actually. Up at Columbia.
Beckett : So what was he doing in Lower Manhattan?
Castle : More importantly,
Castle : what is Columbia doing admitting gun-toting lunatics,
Castle : and are there any more of them?
Castle : For the record, I'm not calling to check on Alexis.
Castle : I'm just checking my email.
UNK: Acceptance.
Beckett : Have Tech search traffic cam footage for any video of that van.
Beckett : And let's look into Hasim Farouk's life,
Beckett : See if he had any enemies.
Ryan : Looks like he had at least one.
Ryan : Assault charges were filed against him two days ago by one Bram Stoker.
Castle : Bram Stoker, author of Dracula, died in 1912?
Ryan : Uh, if it's him, I'd say he's immortal.
Beckett : - Excuse me, Bram Stoker? - Yeah.
Beckett : Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Castle : And might I say how youthful you look.
UNK: Witty. Never heard that before.
Castle : I've never heard of anyone named Bram Stoker before.
Castle : Except Bram Stoker.
Bram : Apparently he's a distant relative,
Bram : and both my parents are English scholars.
Bram : They thought it would be cute.
Bram : It wasn't.
Bram : So, what is this about?
Beckett : - The late Hasim Farouk. - The late?
Bram : He's dead?
Beckett : Yes, he was murdered the day after you filed an assault charge against him.
UNK: Well, I certainly did not kill him. I filed those charges to protect myself.
Beckett : From what?
Bram : Hasim was a student of mine. I'm a TA for a seminar on Joyce.
Beckett : What was the problem with the two of you?
Bram : I didn't think that there was one.
Bram : And then three days ago, he confronts me after class.
Bram : Starts accusing me
UNK: of being overly familiar with some female students.
Bram : Said if I didn't stop, he'd kill me.
Beckett : For harassing those women?
Bram : No, I was not harassing them.
Bram : I might flirt with students, on occasion.
Bram : But believe me, it was never unwelcome.
Bram : Ladies are kind of diggin' on vampires right now.
Bram : My name is Bram Stoker.
Bram : For once in my life, it's working for me.
Castle : Maybe Hasim was jealous?
Castle : Were any of those students his girlfriend?
Bram : No, I don't think he had a girlfriend, or friends at all, for that matter.
UNK: Okay, well, I'm gonna need a list of all the girls that you flirted with.