Stephanie : Yeah, I'm Stephanie.
Phoebe : Right. My name was on there, but now it just says carrot cake.
Phoebe : So how many chords do you know?
Stephanie : - All of them. - So you know D?
UNK: Do you know A-minor?
Phoebe : Do you know how to go from D to A-minor?
Phoebe : So does your guitar have a strap?
Phoebe : Mine does.
Phoebe : Stephanie knows all the chords
Chandler : Come on! Pick up, pick up!
Chandler : Transit Authority?
Chandler : I'm doing research for a book.
UNK: I was wondering what somebody might do if they left a baby on a city bus.
UNK: Yes, I realize that would be a stupid character.
UNK: Here's the deal : We lost a car seat on a bus.
UNK: It's white plastic and it fits onto a stroller.
Joey : And there was a baby in it.
Joey : He wants to talk to you.
UNK: Everybody, let's give a warm Central Perk welcome to
Rachel : Terry's a jerk And he won't let me work
Phoebe : And I hate Central Perk
Rachel : To Stephanie Schiffer!
UNK: I'd like to start with a song I wrote for the first man I ever loved.
UNK: Zachary
Phoebe : Are all invited to bite me
UNK: We're the guys that called about the baby! Is he here?!
UNK: Health Services Guy : He's here.
UNK: I assume one of you is the father.
Chandler : - That's me. - I'm him.
Chandler : Actually, we're both the father.
UNK: Chandler And Joey : Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy.
Chandler : Please tell me you know which one is our baby.
Joey : That one has ducks on his T-shirt and this one has clowns.
Joey : And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
Joey : Or clowns.
UNK: That one's Ben! Remember he had that cute little mole by his mouth!
Chandler : Hey, Ben! Remember us?
UNK: Okay, the mole came off.
Chandler : What are we gonna do?
Joey : We'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.
Chandler : - Flip for the baby? - You got a better idea?
Chandler : All right, call it in the air.
UNK: Heads.
Chandler : Heads, it is.
Chandler : We have to assign heads to something!
UNK: Right!
Joey : Ducks is heads because ducks have heads.
Chandler : What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?
Stephanie : Just call me angel Of the morning, angel
Stephanie : Just touch my cheek Before you leave me, baby
Stephanie : Just call me angel Of the morning, angel
UNK: Then slowly turn away
Stephanie : I won't beg you to stay
Stephanie : With me
Rachel : Here. I thought you might be cold.
Phoebe : Thank you.
Rachel : Look at you! You did pretty well.
UNK: $8. 27.
UNK: But not really, because I put in the first two.
UNK: Just to get the ball rolling and to make myself feel better.
Chandler : Do you?
UNK: You know, this whole playing for money thing is so not good for me.
Phoebe : I don't know, when I sang "Su-su-suicide"...
UNK: ...I got, like, $1.75.
Phoebe : But then "Smelly Cat"?
Phoebe : I got 25 cents and a condom.
Phoebe : So, you know, now I just feel really bad for "Smelly Cat."
Rachel : Honey, I don't think everybody gets "Smelly Cat."
Rachel : I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then whoosh!
UNK: But it's not even that, you know?
Phoebe : I used to do my songs because it made me happy.
UNK: Now it's just all about the money, you know?
Rachel : Well, people missed you in there.
Rachel : In fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat."
Phoebe : Really? From who?
UNK: Well, me.
Rachel : And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.
Kid : Did I accidentally drop a condom in your case?
Kid : It's kind of an emergency.
Monica : - Here you go. - Thanks a lot.
Kid : Hey, Christine! I got it!
UNK: I want to thank you for being there for me.
Ross : And I'm sorry I almost broke your hand.
UNK: That's okay. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
Ross : Remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
Monica : Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Monica : What about the time I hit you in the face with Sylvian's pumpkin?
Ross : Remember when I stuck that broom in your spokes...
UNK: ...and you hit your head on the curb?
Monica : But I remember people telling me about it.
Ross : I hope Ben has a little sister.
UNK: And I hope she can kick his ass.
Ross : I'm gonna get a new Band-Aid.
UNK: How about the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
Monica : That was you?
Ross : They were infected. He wouldn't have made it.
Monica : My little nephew.
Monica : Come here, little one!
Monica : There's my little baby, Ben!
Monica : Hey, he's not crying!
Monica : Hey, he's not crying!
Joey : There's still pie!
UNK: I'm here. I'm here.
Ross : How's my little boy?
UNK: You want Daddy to change your diaper? I know, I know.
Ross : Did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Joey : He rode the bus today.
Ross : Big boy riding the bus
Ross : Hey, I have a question.
Ross : How come it says, "Property of Human Services"?
Chandler : You are gonna love this.
UNK: Can you hold Ben for a sec?
Ross : Come here. Come here.
Chandler : Stay back! I've got kiwi! Run, Joey, run!
Stephanie : Smelly cat, smelly cat
Stephanie : What are they feeding you?
UNK: No, no. I'm sorry, it's :
Stephanie : Smelly cat, smelly cat
Stephanie : Smelly cat, smelly cat
UNK: Better!
UNK: Much better. Good.
Phoebe : Don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
UNK: - You want to try it again? - From the top?
UNK: There is no "top," all right?
UNK: That's the beauty of "Smelly Cat."
Phoebe : Why don't you just follow me.
Stephanie : Smelly cat, smelly cat
Stephanie : What are they feeding you?
Stephanie : Smelly cat, smelly cat
Together : It's not your fault
Phoebe : That's too much. Sorry.