James : You can't go in there.
House : Who are you? And why are you wearing a tie?
James : I'm Dr. Cuddy's new assistant. Can I tell her what it's regarding?
House : Yes. I would like to know why she gets a secretary and I don't.
James : I'm her assistant, not her secretary. I graduated from Rutgers.
House : I didn't know they had a secretarial school.
House : Well, I hope you took some classes in sexual harassment law.
House : Does the word "ka-ching" mean anything to you? I'm going in now.
Cuddy : Dr. House, we are in the middle of a meeting.
House : What's with hiring a male secretary? J-Date not working out?
Stacy : He is cute, be careful.
House : She's not like you, she can't just walk into a bar
House : and pick up her soul mate in 20 minutes.
Stacy : I met Mark at a fundraiser that happened to be held at a...
House : You met me at a strip club.
UNK: You were the worst $2 I've ever spent. We'll catch up later.
Cuddy : Stacy, it's House. I know you can handle it.
Stacy : Nothing to handle. He obviously wants to talk to you alone.
Cuddy : If you have a problem working with Stacy,
Cuddy : you should have said so.
House : What was I supposed to do? Ask her to leave? That's just rude.
House : Death row guy. I want the case.
Cuddy : How do you even know about him?
Cuddy : You don't have access to the hospital's mainframe.
UNK: No, but Party-Pants does.
Cuddy : You stole my password?
House : Hardly counts as stealing, it's a pretty obvious choice.
Cuddy : Well, I have already assigned "death row guy" to Dr. Nolo.
Cuddy : Nolo? Well, I...
UNK: I don't wanna say anything bad about another doctor,
House : especially a useless drunk.
Cuddy : You are addicted to pain pills.
UNK: Yeah, but I'm not useless. Tell Nolo I'm taking over.
Cuddy : Dr. Nolo is a board-certified cardiologist.
UNK: Well, good. I'm sure he'll explore all the usual options
House : for why a guy's heart starts beating so fast it pumps out air instead of blood.
House : Wait a second. There are no usual options.
Cuddy : How badly do you want this?
House : I will give you two more clinic hours this week.
Cuddy : Don't bend over for the soap.
Cameron : Just the heart, or the patient have any other complaints?
House : Patient's not talking to anybody.
Cameron : Where are we going?
House : You are going to the clinic for two hours.
Cameron : Me? Why?
House : Talk to Cuddy.
House : She's got me going to Mercer State Prison, Capital Sentences Unit.
Foreman : Aren't there better ways to spend our time?
House : Good question. What makes a person deserving?
House : Is a man who cheats on his wife
House : more deserving than a man who kills his wife?
Foreman : Yeah, actually, he is.
UNK: What about a child molester?
UNK: Certainly not a good guy, but he didn't kill anybody.
UNK: Maybe he can get antibiotics, but no MRls.
UNK: What about you?
UNK: What medical care should you be denied for being a car thief?
UNK: Tell you what. Three of you work on a list
UNK: of what medical treatments a person loses based on the crime they committed.
UNK: I'll review it when I get back.
Warden : Your patient shanked one inmate his first month here.
Warden : Broke another one's neck. Nearly decapitated one of my guards.
UNK: Relax. I got a great bedside manner.
Warden : Too dangerous to house him in the infirmary.
Warden : You don't have to worry, we've taken every precaution.
Warden : I've had my men clear from the cell all pens, paper clips, and staplers.
Warden : Any supplies that might be used as a weapon.
Warden : Open her up!