Clarence : Bitch stepped out.
Foreman : Sorry about that. Guess I didn't use enough lidocaine.
Foreman : Blood gas came back with a pH of 7.28, and decreased HCO-3.
House : Which means two things.
House : Most importantly, Cameron was wrong about the bi-carb.
House : And less significantly, we have a new symptom.
House : Anion gap acidosis.
House : Who's chubby? Come on, pretend he loves puppies.
House : Pretend he's a human being. What do you got?
Foreman : I think we should reconsider drugs.
Chase : - He already tested negative. - That's why I said reconsider.
Foreman : Back in juvie, I cut up oregano and sold it as pot.
Chase : Is that how you put yourself through med school?
Foreman : What if Clarence thought he was taking heroin, but it was something else?
House : What "something else" could lead to anion gap acidosis?
UNK: Mudpiles.
House : Well, you don't have to ask, just wash your hands before you come back.
Chase : Methanol, uremia, diabetes...
House : Oh, it's a mnemonic. That makes sense, too.
Cameron : - Paraldehyde, INH, Lactic acid... - Rewind.
Cameron : - INH? - Yahtzee.
Foreman : Drugs for tuberculosis.
Chase : Nearly a quarter of the prison population is infected with TB.
House : Clever entrepreneur like Foreman here chops up his meds, passes it off as heroin.
Cameron : INH poisoning would explain all the symptoms.
House : Who wants to head over to the prison and find Clarence's secret stash?
Foreman : - Fine, I'll do it. - Great! Chase it is.
Chase : I assume you have a reason beyond wanting to make me completely miserable.
UNK: You got a prettier mouth.
House : Better chance the inmates will open up to you.
UNK: Guy With Bandages All Around His Face : Perhaps I'll come out looking just as monstrous.
House : I mean, isn't that what I deserve?
UNK: John, it wasn't your fault.
UNK: If your father hadn't slipped you those drugs, you would have never done...
Wilson : The man's in a coma!
House : He didn't mind. I asked.
Wilson : You're getting crumbs all over him.
House : Why do you think they put TVs in coma patients' rooms, anyway?
Wilson : Some people think they can still hear.
UNK: Well, so leave them a radio.
House : His eyes are closed.
House : Who thinks they can see?
Wilson : Do you know why people are nice to other people?
House : Oh, I know this one!
House : Because people are good, decent and caring.
House : Either that, or people are cowards.
House : If I'm mean to you, you'll be mean to me. Mutually-assured destruction.
UNK: Exactly. Are you gonna eat these chips?
UNK: Are you gonna get to your point?
Wilson : You need people to like you.
House : I don't care if people like me.
Wilson : Yes, but you need people to like you because you need people.
Wilson : Unless you think you can get the next court order yourself.
Wilson : If Stacy can't trust you, you can't use her.
Wilson : And, that's not even dealing with the greater agenda of getting her
Wilson : to dump her husband and fall in love with you all over again.
UNK: We were gonna be with each other forever!
House : Look, I know you're friends with her, but there is a code.
UNK: "Bros before hoes, man."
House : - Crap. - What is it?
House : Death row guy is dying.
Foreman : Bradycardia. His heart rate's dropped to 30.
UNK: It's not gonna hold out much longer.
House : You just waiting to call time of death, or are you gonna give him atropine?
Foreman : - Temporary fix. - Right.
House : Don't know why those diabetics are all hung up on insulin.
House : They're just gonna have to take more.
Foreman : Atropine's only gonna buy you a few hours.
Foreman : We don't even know what's wrong with him.
House : Just get out of here.
Chase : This is Chase.
House : Did you beat any confessions out of anybody?
Chase : I haven't spoken to any inmates.
House : Does anybody do their jobs anymore?
UNK: I decided Clarence's life isn't worth risking mine for.
House : Appreciate your candor.
House : Did you even go to the prison, or are you just out playing polo?