Warden : For your visit, we've got him cuffed and shackled.
House : And yet you're staying out there.
UNK: You're gonna have to give me that. Wouldn't want anybody to get hurt.
Inmate : - Hi. - Hi.
Cameron : I'm Dr. Cameron. How you feeling?
Cindy : Little cough, no big deal.
UNK: Okay, then what you doing here?
Cindy : I just got a job at the university, they need a health clearance.
Cindy : Apparently, I'm a little anemic, so they made me get some more tests.
Cameron : Any family history of anemia?
Cindy : Not that I know of. My mom died of cancer when I was a kid.
Cindy : My dad's heart gave out a couple of years ago.
Cameron : Brothers and sisters?
Cindy : I'm afraid it's a short family history. That's it.
Cindy : I had a husband once, but it didn't stick.
Cindy : My tests should be back, probably in that file.
Cindy : - Probably. - Yeah.
Cindy : Is everything okay?
Wilson : - Did you redo the x-ray? - Twice.
Wilson : Well, you don't need a consult.
Wilson : You know the diagnosis.
Cameron : All she has is a cough.
House : Bluish tinge to the fingernails. Lips.
House : - He's hypoxic. - What's that mean?
House : It means he's not getting enough oxygen.
House : You know how people say you can't live without love?
UNK: Well, oxygen's even more important.
House : He's got fluid in his lungs. Breathing rate of 50.
House : He needs to be intubated, put on a respirator.
Warden : Don't have a respirator.
House : Better get one in about an hour, or you're gonna lose him.
UNK: I'll make out a requisition. State's already sentenced this man to die.
House : I think the state was a tad more specific about how.
House : This is Dr. Gregory House.
UNK: I need an ambulance pick-up at Mercer State Prison.
Warden : Wasted call, my men will stop them at the gate.
Warden : No way a death row inmate leaves my prison.
Warden : At least, not through the front doors.
House : - You work fast. - So do you.
House : - Was that a shot? - Yeah.
Stacy : It was easy, once I convinced the clerk to take it to Judge Markham.
Stacy : She's a sucker for Eighth Amendment arguments.
House : Stop, I'm getting turned on.
UNK: House!
Cuddy : It was just a consult!
Cuddy : You expect us to shut down an entire floor for this guy?
House : Did you do something to your hair?
UNK: Stacy!
Stacy : You said you cleared it with her!
House : Come on, you've known me how long?
UNK: And you still can't tell when I'm joshing you?
Cuddy : - Take him back to prison. Now. - No, can't.
House : See, ironically, I'm bound by this court order that your ace attorney got.
House : I have to make him all better before
House : shipping him back for the state to kill him.
House : Is it just me, or is that weird?
House : Anyway, we're walking.
House : Somebody left this on my chair.
UNK: It's clever, 'cause it forces me to either deal with the file or never sit down again.
Cameron : Cindy Kramer. I told her you'd see her.
UNK: Well, you shouldn't have told her that.
House : She's got metastatic squamous cell lung cancer. Six months tops.
Cameron : Have you even looked at the x-ray?
House : No. Just guessing.
House : It's a new game. If I'm wrong, she wins a stuffed bear.
UNK: A spot on an x-ray doesn't necessarily mean that she's terminal.
House : I love children. So filled with hope.
Cameron : It could be pneumonia. It could be sarcoidosis.
House : Could be. If she didn't already have swollen
House : hilar lymph nodes on the other lung.
UNK: Can we at least brainstorm for other ideas?