Cameron : There's no sign of infection.
House : You're gonna have to do the biopsy.
Cuddy : Your death row guy's still here.
UNK: Yeah, sorry. I've just gotta get him stabilized.
House : Probably keep him on fluids for a few more hours, then off he goes.
UNK: Oh, yeah? 'Cause I'm figuring that you still think he's sick.
House : Figuring requires deductive reasoning. I'm figuring that you did no figuring.
House : Stacy just ratted me out, right? So much for attorney-client privilege.
Cuddy : I'm the client, you moron. Stacy has a duty to this hospital.
Lawyer : - Right. - I'm sending him back to prison.
House : Can't. Court order.
Cuddy : Court order says he has to be declared healthy.
UNK: Doesn't specify which doctor needs to make that declaration.
UNK: What is it, Clarence? My gut!
Cuddy : Would you describe it as a shooting pain?
Cuddy : A throbbing pain?
Cuddy : Or maybe an imaginary pain because you don't want to go back to prison?
House : - Where does it hurt? - My gut, like I'm getting stabbed!
House : Well, he'd know. Let me take a look.
Cuddy : Oh, so everybody lies except a convicted murderer?
House : I don't think he's faking this stuff.
House : What do you think, Doctor?
Stacy : I didn't have any choice.
House : No, you had to tell Cuddy. She's your boss, I get it.
House : Hitler thought he was doing the world a favor, too.
Stacy : Yeah, pretty much on that same level.
UNK: Gandhi didn't march to the sea because his buddies asked him to.
House : Pol Pot didn't wipe out the teachers because he wanted to make friends.
Stacy : You're not making friends right now.
House : - I trusted you. - I know.
House : Wilson's a fool. I'm an idiot.
Stacy : I had to do what I thought was right.
House : It's the only reason anybody does anything.
Foreman : Surgery went fine. They removed almost a foot of necrotic bowel.
Foreman : They're shackling him and taking him into recovery.
House : I wonder.
House : I wonder why Clarence killed that second inmate?
Foreman : Fine, I'll bite. What the hell are you talking about?
House : Everything we do
UNK: is dictated by motive. Why did he kill his girlfriend?
Foreman : - Because he's a maniac! - Is that the reason he gave?
Foreman : She was cheating on him.
UNK: Jealousy. That gets him sent to prison.
House : Where he kills inmate number one. Why?
Foreman : Guy attacked him first.
UNK: Revenge.
UNK: - Who'd he kill after that? - Prison guard.
House : Who had a file full of abuse complaints.
House : Probably been kicking Clarence's ass for months.
Foreman : Clarence is just ridding the world of bad seeds.
UNK: We'll call that one retribution.
House : Then he kills inmate number two.
House : Anybody know why?
UNK: Uh-uh.
House : It's not in there.
Clarence : All of a sudden, I gotta have a reason?
House : It's an anomaly. Doctors love anomalies.
House : Dark spot on an x-ray, bright spot on an MRI.
House : Killing that second inmate
UNK: was the homicidal equivalent of blood in the urine. It doesn't fit.
House : I'm interested in things that don't fit.
House : Tell me why you did it.