Marshall : It's great.
UNK: There's this gorgeous indoor golf course for pictures,
Marshall : Numerous fine dining options, and talk about a reasonable...
UNK: We are not getting married at the mall.
UNK: Well, just meet with the guy.
Ted : She's not married. Robin hates marriage.
Marshall : Because she already got married.
Ted : At the mall.
UNK: Future Ted VO : No,
Lily : Because before robin moved to new york, she...
Lily : What was she doing?
Ted : Well, I don't know.
Ted : Whenever I ask her about canada, she kind of clams up.
Marshall : She's a pretty private person.
Lily : Except when she's talking about...
UNK: Oh, a friend of mine in canada got married way too young
Robin : And it really turned her off to marriage.
Lily : What do you think of this wedding cake?
Robin : Oh, I like it.
Robin : Hey, you remember that friend of mine in canada
UNK: Who got married way too young?
Robin : Her wedding cake was a mrs. Field's giant cookie.
Robin : My friend in canada who got married
Robin : Way too young, they had to do their vows twice,
Robin : Once in french.
Barney : They speak french there, too?
UNK: God, that place is a mess.
Ted : So you don't think there's any "friend" from canada?
Marshall : Oh, I'm sure there is.
UNK: Just like I have a "friend"
Marshall : Who wet his bed till he was ten.
Marshall : Use your brain, ted.
UNK: Guys, there's no way robin is married.
Barney : It's ludicrous to even suggest it.
Ted : Thank you, barney. 'cause it's porn.
Ted : I need another beer.
UNK: Robin was not in porn.
UNK: I bet you anything that she's married.
UNK: $20,000 says it's porn.
UNK: I don't have $20,000.
Barney : Well, then what do you have?
UNK: Well... No.
UNK: I've got it.
Barney : The ultimate wager... Slap bet.
Ted : Oh, slap bet. We used to do those when I was a kid.
UNK: Whoever is right gets to slap the other person
Marshall : In the face as hard as they possibly can...
Marshall : But no rings.
UNK: Are you really going to do that?
UNK: That's so immature. You can be slap bet commissioner.
UNK: Ooh, I love it. What are my powers?
UNK: Um, if a problem arises and we need a ruling,
UNK: That's your job. But...
UNK: You have to be unbiased
UNK: And put the integrity of slap bet above all else.
UNK: This is an honor you will take with you to your grave.
UNK: On your tombstone, it will read,
UNK: "lily aldrin, caring wife, loving friend,
UNK: Slap bet commissioner."
Marshall : And your tombstone will read
Marshall : "got slapped by marshall, so hard he died."
UNK: What if I just ask robin point blank if she has a husband?
Lily : You said you would respect her privacy,
Lily : So maybe you should just drop it.
Ted : Yeah, you're right.
Ted : Husband.
UNK: There's no "p" in husband.
Ted : Wow, you seem to know a lot about husbands.
Ted : Fine. I'll take it back.
Ted : Oh, hey, since you mentioned husbands,
Ted : This is great, you're going to love this.
Ted : Marshall, you know marshall. He thinks that the reason
UNK: You didn't want to go to the mall the other day
Ted : Is because you got married at a mall
Ted : And have a husband in canada.
Robin : Huh.
Ted : I told him he's crazy. Because he's crazy, right?
Ted : I mean, how crazy is that?
UNK: Are you asking me if I'm married?
UNK: Well, you can ask me.
UNK: Nope, I'm not married. Your turn.
Lily : What happened to respecting my privacy?
UNK: Look, just say, "no, I'm not married."
Robin : Ted, I don't understand why you can't... just
Ted : Say, "no, I'm not married."
Robin : I can't.
Robin : Marshall's right.
Robin : I was young and I got married.
Robin : It was a mistake and he moved away, but... Yeah.
UNK: Girl #1 : I'm married.
Ted : Oh.
UNK: You have a husband?
UNK: I was young and stupid
UNK: And we got married at a mall and we broke up at a mall
UNK: And I... I haven't been to a mall since.
Ted : Why didn't you get divorced?
Robin : He moved to hong kong for work and I was like...
UNK: Eh, good enough.
UNK: Good enough? That's not good enough.
UNK: You order pancakes, you get waffles, that's good enough.
UNK: Look, I haven't seen him in years.
UNK: Girl #2 : It's just
Robin : A part of my life I want to forget.
Robin : Just please don't tell anyone about this.
Robin : Okay.
UNK: Dude, your hand is monstrous. Yeah, well,
UNK: What'd you expect? You've seen my penis.
Lily : I can't believe you told us robin's secret.
UNK: How could I keep something like that to myself?
Ted : And you begged me to tell you.
Lily : No, I didn't.
Lily : Just tell us. I'm begging you.
Lily : Tell us. Tell us. Tell us.
Lily : Please please please please please please... fine.
Marshall : Robin's married.
Lily : Yeah, well, you still shouldn't have told us.
Lily : I mean, what kind of boyfriend are you?
Ted : See that's just it, I'm not the boyfriend.
Ted : I'm the mistress. No, not the mistress.
Ted : The mastress.
UNK: The master. What do you call it?
UNK: Uh, pretty sure we're going to call it mistress.
UNK: What am I going to do? My girlfriend's married.
Ted : Do I ask her to get a divorce?
Lily : Ted, even if she is married, it's a canadian marriage.
Lily : It's like their money, or their army.
Lily : Nobody takes it seriously.
Ted : It's serious to me.
Marshall : You know what, in some countries,
UNK: If you been separated for longer than five years,
UNK: Technically, you're no longer married.
Marshall : I can check it out at the law library at school.
Marshall : I can see my hand print on your face.
Barney : Don't get too cocky, slappy.
UNK: A shipment of porn from canada
Marshall : I won the bet. Why are you still searching?
Barney : Just because you were right doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Lily : Oh, right, like you need an excuse to watch porn.
UNK: Canadian porn.
Barney : Trust me when I tell you their universal health care system
Barney : Doesn't cover breast implants.
Barney : If I have to sit through one more flat-chested nova scotian
Barney : Riding a mountie on the back of a zamboni
UNK: I'll go oot of my mind.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Marshall : Listen, dude, I got to talk to you,
UNK: But you got to promise me that you won't tell barney.