Ted : Fine, I won't tell barney.
Ted : What is it?
Marshall : Robin's not married.
Ted : What?
Ted : Why would she tell me she was?
Marshall : I don't know, but I cross- checked every record in canada.
Marshall : There's no record of her ever being married.
Ted : There must be some mistake.
Marshall : I promise you. She's not married.
Marshall : She's not great at parking legally either.
Ted : So she lied to me? Wha...
UNK: What am I going to do?
UNK: I-I can't confront her, 'cause then
Ted : She'll know I told you.
UNK: You got to lawyer her.
UNK: You got to ask her a bunch of questions,
Marshall : Try to trip her up, maybe make her feel guilty,
Marshall : Whatever it takes to get a confession out of her.
Ted : Thanks for telling me your secret.
Ted : It means so much to me, that you could be so...
UNK: God, what's the word I'm looking for? Honest.
UNK: Mm, thanks, ted.
Ted : Yeah. You know what's probably
Ted : The best part about your honesty?
Ted : How truthful it is.
Robin : I say we just move on.
UNK: Well, for me to get total closure
UNK: On this whole "my girlfriend has a husband" thing,
UNK: I think I might need
UNK: A little bit more information,
UNK: Like what month did you get married?
Ted : June.
UNK: We had a June wedding.
Ted : Ah, canada in June.
UNK: That's the dream.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
UNK: Sit-down or buffet?
UNK: Um... Well, it's...
Ted : Weird that you don't remember.
Robin : No, I just didn't know how to answer
Robin : Because we did butlered hors d'oeuvres in the atrium,
Robin : But the actual dinner was a buffet in the food court
Robin : Featuring a filet mignon
UNK: Or a roasted potato-crusted salmon
Robin : With a lobster scallion beurre blanc.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Band or dj?
UNK: A string quartet played at the ceremony,
Robin : But for the actual reception, we had a seven-piece band.
Robin : We paid extra for the sax
Robin : 'cause I just love that smooth alto sound.
UNK: How many bridesmaids?
UNK: Seven. Flowers?
UNK: Azaleas. Color scheme?
Robin : Dusty rose and sienna.
Ted : Husband's name.
Ted : Um...
UNK: You were never married!
Robin : Yes, I was.
Ted : No, you weren't. How do you know?
Ted : I looked it up at the library.
Robin : What library?
UNK: The one on fifth.
Robin : When did you go?
Ted : Today at lunch, and I had
Ted : An apple brie panini with potato salad...
Robin : I'm not questioning the lunch part, ted.
Robin : What database did you use?
Ted : I used the canadian mall marriage 6000.
UNK: Robin looks at Ted Ted : Fine, marshall looked it up at school.
UNK: You told marshall?! You lied to me!
Robin : See, this is why I don't tell people secrets.
Robin : You were supposed to be
Robin : The one person I trusted
Robin : The most and even you couldn't keep a secret.
Ted : But it was a fake secret.
Robin : Yeah, I was testing you and you failed.
Robin : And now you're never gonna know why I don't go to the mall.
Robin : And it's good, too.
UNK: You were testing me?
UNK: That's insane. Oh, yeah?
Robin : How long did it take for you
Robin : To tell marshall my biggest secret in the world?
UNK: Five minutes?
UNK: That wasn't a real secret! Yeah, but it could have been.
UNK: You are driving me crazy!
Ted : No wonder your fake husband moved to hong kong.
Robin : He moved there for business.
UNK: Future Ted VO : You.
Barney : You got something to say to me?
Ted : What are you talking about?
UNK: I know robin was never really married.
Marshall : How could you possibly know that?
UNK: flashback of Lily and Marshall talking in bed Lily : And then I put on my pajamas and got into bed.
UNK: Oh, let's see, uh, first I took the subway to school.
UNK: Then I got a bagel.
Marshall : Then I went to the library
Marshall : And found out robin was never married. Crazy.
Marshall : Then I was hungry again,
Marshall : So I went down to the vending machine,
UNK: But by the time I got down there,
UNK: I wasn't even hungry anymore.
UNK: You told him?
UNK: I had to; I'm slap bet commissioner.
UNK: Believe me,
UNK: This hurts me more than it's gonna hurt you.
Barney : Don't count on it.
Barney : I've been practicing on a tree trunk.
UNK: Barney gets three slaps. Three?
Lily : One because you lied and two for being prematurely slapped.