Lily : Three slaps.
Robin : But...
Ted : Oh, my god.
UNK: Are you gonna cry?
UNK: Future Ted VO : No.
UNK: You're gonna cry.
Ted : I just don't think it's healthy
Ted : To keep big secrets in a relationship.
Ted : My parents didn't really talk to each other for 30 years
Ted : And now they're divorced.
Robin : I have shared more of myself with you
UNK: Than I've ever shared with anyone.
Robin : For this one secret, which has nothing to do with us,
Robin : To just be mine.
Barney : So I just got a very interesting phone call.
Ted : What are you talking about? I know robin's secret.
UNK: What? That's right.
UNK: I know your secret, robin.
UNK: Or should I say robin sparkles?
UNK: How do you know that name?
UNK: Because I know the truth,
UNK: And I am about to show it to you right now.
UNK: Gather 'round, ted, you're gonna want to see this.
UNK: Yeah, no, I don't. What?
Ted : Robin wants to keep this a secret,
Ted : So it's gonna stay a secret.
Barney : Yeah, it's not gonna stay a secret.
Barney : You see, in my research,
Barney : I came upon a certain gentleman in malaysia
Barney : Who is in possession of a certain videotape.
Barney : He just e-mailed me
Barney : That it will be up and running on myspace in about...
Barney : Right now.
Barney : Robin's world is about to be turned upside-down.
Barney : I mean, I'm guessing.
UNK: Barney, don't, okay?
Barney : Robin, please don't panic.
UNK: I'm only gonna show enough to prove to marshall I was right.
Ted : No, barney, I said we're not watching this.
Robin : No, it's time.
Robin : Look, I appreciate what you're trying to do,
Robin : There's no point in trying to hide it anymore.
Robin : Let's just watch it and be done with it.
Lily : Are you as terrified as I am?
UNK: I don't want to get slapped again.
UNK: I want to stress that I was young.
Barney : Yeah, you were.
Robin : And I didn't know any better.
Barney : They never do.
Robin : And it started out as an innocent modeling job.
Barney : It always does.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : Please, mr. Johnson.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : I'm sorry I was a bad girl.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : Please don't give me detention.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : Isn't there something I can do to make it up to you?
Ted : Oh, my god.
Barney : Well, obviously, I've been proven right,
Barney : So in the interest of robin's dignity, I won't show anymore.
Barney : Plus, it's getting late.
Barney : It's already slap o'clock.
UNK: Uh, I slap bet marshall that you did porn, so I win.
UNK: Porn? I wish it was porn.
Robin : It would be less embarrassing.
Robin : I know.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : How about I...
UNK: Sing you a song?
UNK: Let's go to the mall, everybody!
UNK: ♪ Come on, jessica
UNK: ♪ come on, tori
Robin : I was a teenage pop star in canada.
UNK: ♪ Put on your jelly bracelets
UNK: ♪ and your cool graffiti coat
UNK: ♪ at the mall, having fun
UNK: ♪ is what it's all aboot
Lily : This is the most amazing thing I've ever seen.
Marshall : That's you?
Robin : Yes, I had one minor hit.
Robin : I had to go all over canada and sing this song in malls.
Robin : For a whole year,
Robin : I lived off of orange juliuses and wetzel's pretzels.
UNK: ♪ Everybody come and play