UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Taub and Kutner.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Taub will stand up to you. You won't like him, but you'll respect him.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Kutner shares your philosophy of medicine.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : God knows I don't need two of you,
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : but he will actually help you.
UNK: It's not malaria, the blood work is negative.
UNK: "thirteen" : But we did find the reason for the DIC. Bad blood fragments.
UNK: So if we can figure out how they got there...
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Blood exposure during sex?
UNK: Haemolysis from the malaria meds?
UNK: Greg House : Stop guessing, you'll spoil the surprise.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : If you're looking to get information out of the guy,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : he's not exactly the bare-your-soul type.
UNK: Greg House : Hey, I was wondering if you guys know Girl from Ipanema?
Rex : What are you doing? Nothing. What are you doing?
Fred : That's mine, man.
UNK: Greg House : You're gonna be denying that in a second.
UNK: Greg House : Next time make sure you bring enough for the whole class.
UNK: Greg House : He's been sharing needles with this guy.
UNK: Means he injected this guy's blood, his own blood attacked it,
UNK: Greg House : chewed it up, those were the fragments we found.
UNK: "thirteen" : So, DIC was nothing?
UNK: Greg House : We're back to bloody vomit,
UNK: Greg House : and his two dozen other drug or non-drug symptoms.
UNK: Greg House : Re-check everything.
UNK: Greg House : Throw these guys out and strap the patient down.
UNK: House!
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Respiratory failure.
UNK: Good news for you, Thirteen.
UNK: Greg House : 'Cause that is definitely not drugs.
UNK: The blood clots were drug related.
UNK: Greg House : Coughing up blood and the respiratory arrests are still on the table.
UNK: Inhalants?
UNK: If I wanted or needed your drug diagnosis,
UNK: Greg House : I would have told Foreman where we are.
UNK: Amber Volakis : He knows where we are.
UNK: Greg House : 'Cause he followed you!
UNK: I followed Taub. I followed her.
UNK: "thirteen" : He had a bleeding problem. That could cause respiratory arrest.
UNK: Again, if I wanted to forgive his Drano drinking ways,
UNK: Greg House : I wouldn't ignore what you just said.
UNK: Chris Taub : Could be an infection.
UNK: No, lumbar puncture's clear.
UNK: Chris Taub : What lumbar puncture?
UNK: Amber Volakis : You didn't authorize that test.
UNK: Greg House : True, and yet here I am with the results.
UNK: Thirteen thought it was bacterial meningitis.
UNK: "thirteen" : And I had the eyeball.
UNK: Eric Foreman : It was a harmless test.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Patient's welfare still counts for something, doesn't it?
UNK: Yep. Minus 50.
UNK: Chronic pulmonary embolisms would explain the breathing problem
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : and the blood coming from his lungs.
UNK: I'll run an ultrasound... You're not running any tests.
UNK: Amber Volakis : He knows it's not PEs, the guy's d-dimer's normal.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : That doesn't always rule out...
UNK: Amber Volakis : You go in to run one test, run eight more like she did,
UNK: Amber Volakis : find out which one's right, then comes back with a brilliant guess.
UNK: Is this true? No.
UNK: That's too bad, 'cause that would have earned you 40 points for cleverness.
UNK: Greg House : Points go to Amber. Foreman, you run the test.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Sure, anything I can do to help your game.
UNK: Greg House : He's not gonna run the tests. No. I don't think so.