UNK: I have 17 points?
UNK: I started you all out on 100.
UNK: Then you blew up part of the building.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Where's Foreman?
UNK: Greg House : He got paged.
UNK: By who? Is it about our... Me.
UNK: Greg House : I needed him right away, somewhere else.
UNK: Chris Taub : We're hiding from Foreman?
UNK: Greg House : Foreman accused me of playing games with patient care.
UNK: "thirteen" : Who gets the eyeball next?
UNK: Amber Volakis : I haven't run my test yet. It still might be a lung issue.
UNK: "thirteen" : You can't run your test. The patient had massive smoke inhalation.
UNK: "thirteen" : Do a bronchoscopy, it'll set off a laryngospasm.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I'll do an open-lung biopsy instead.
UNK: "thirteen" : You want an invasive surgery because you screwed up?
UNK: Amber Volakis : The patient snuck a cigarette.
UNK: "thirteen" : The patient is an addict.
UNK: "thirteen" : It's not his fault he's jonesing
UNK: "thirteen" : for whatever he can get his hands on.
UNK: "thirteen" : Not his fault he's jonesing?
UNK: Amber Volakis : In what universe does that make any sense?
UNK: Greg House : Get him on a nicotine patch.
UNK: That'll keep up with his joneses.
UNK: Greg House : Do your biopsy.
UNK: How's the new us's final case going?
UNK: Eric Foreman : It's a moving target. House keeps moving it, so I can't find it.
UNK: So, you decided to focus on solving the problem in Darfur?
UNK: Eric Foreman : Taub is in there prepping the patient for a biopsy.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Stay close to Taub, I stay close to House.
UNK: Robert Chase : And stay close to the game.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I'm trying to stop the game.
UNK: Robert Chase : That's your role in the game.
UNK: Did you wander over here to annoy me?
UNK: Robert Chase : You're not wearing a lab coat.
UNK: Robert Chase : House doesn't wear one, does he?
UNK: Damn!
UNK: Eric Foreman : Now when I walk away, it's gonna look like
UNK: Eric Foreman : I have a reason other than just annoyance.
UNK: Chris Taub : He won't let us finish prepping him for the biopsy.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Try the other arm.
UNK: Amber Volakis : The problem's not the arm, it's the entire patient.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Eric Foreman : He let you check his chest.
UNK: Eric Foreman : He let you do anything except check that arm.
UNK: Eric Foreman : He wallpapered himself with nicotine patches.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Real rebellion has a point, it's not just juvenile and purposeless.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : Maybe purposelessness is my purpose.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Mission accomplished.
UNK: Chris Taub : Amber, it's not the patches.
UNK: Chris Taub : He's got blood clots moving through his body.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Means I was wrong.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: If the clot reaches his lungs or his heart, it'll kill him.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : It's true!
UNK: Greg House : We all know it's true.
UNK: Greg House : You just wasted our time.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : And what you're doing?