UNK: Jimmy Quidd : So, what's wrong with me?
UNK: Greg House : You mean, besides your music?
UNK: Oh, sure. Just because I don't play your kind of music,
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : it's not music, right?
UNK: Yeah, I resent you 'cause you're not Perry Como.
UNK: Look I don't play for an audience, okay?
UNK: Greg House : Well, then, that stage you stand on is an odd choice.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : I just... I do it for me, okay? I don't do it for you.
UNK: There are three choices in this life.
UNK: Greg House : Be good, get good or give up.
UNK: You've gone for column D. Why?
UNK: Greg House : Simple answer is if you don't try, you can't fail.
UNK: Greg House : Are you really that simple?
UNK: Look, yeah, some people, they like my music.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : Most people can't stand it.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : But they just sort of just shrug and ignore me.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : But a few, they feel like they have to tell me
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : what I'm screwing up, you know, what I'm wasting.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : Why do they care?
UNK: Greg House : You have some peculiar masses near your heart.
UNK: Jimmy Quidd : Peculiar, how?
UNK: Greg House : Well, unlike your music, they elicit some emotional response.
UNK: Greg House : That's odd.
UNK: Greg House : You care if I appreciate your music,
UNK: Greg House : but you don't care if you live or die.
UNK: Greg House : Maybe the answer is that simple.
UNK: James Wilson : I can't apologize enough, to you, to your family.
UNK: James Wilson : There may not be any technical liability here but...
UNK: James Wilson : You're ripping it up because you think
UNK: James Wilson : it would be wrong to take money from me?
UNK: Mr. Mckenna : I think it would be wrong to take so little money from you.
UNK: You're out $6,000...
UNK: Mr. Mckenna : You ruined my life.
UNK: James Wilson : I ruined three months.
UNK: Mr. Mckenna : For the first time in my life, I was living in the present, 'cause that's all there was.
UNK: James Wilson : You're suing me, not for the wrong diagnosis, but for the right one?
UNK: James Wilson : Have you spoken to a lawyer?
UNK: Mr. Mckenna : You gave me happiness,
UNK: Mr. Mckenna : and then you took it away.
UNK: Chris Taub : Definitely no emboli.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : It's pretty fuzzy.
UNK: Greg House : Hey, for point and shoot, I thought I did okay.
UNK: It's fuzzy 'cause he was still shaking,
UNK: Chris Taub : 'cause he was coming down from the heroin.
UNK: Chris Taub : Where is everybody else?
UNK: Greg House : Clinic's been quarantined.
UNK: Greg House : Patient came in with avian flu-like symptoms,
UNK: and 50 extra dollars in spending money.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Can you do this echo again?
UNK: Greg House : Okay, minus five for ingratitude.
UNK: No "Thank you, Dr. House. "
UNK: Greg House : No "Here's a bottle of Codeine
UNK: "for your troubles, Dr. House. " Oh, no.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I was asking if you could do it again
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : after giving him a sedative to keep him still.
UNK: Greg House : I could. We'd definitely get the answer,
UNK: Greg House : but since the opiates would decrease his respiratory drive,
UNK: Greg House : and he already can barely breathe,
UNK: minus 10 for asking me to kill the patient.
UNK: Chris Taub : What if it's a congenital defect,
UNK: Chris Taub : an anomalous vessel on his heart?
UNK: Greg House : You know that the heart does the blood stuff, right?
UNK: Greg House : And the lungs do the breathing?
UNK: Chris Taub : If the vessel wrapped around his trachea.
UNK: Greg House : What do you want me to do?
UNK: MRA.
UNK: So you can get a clear picture of that vessel.
UNK: What? Wait, what? What? Why?
UNK: Greg House : You said the picture sucked because the patient was shaking.
UNK: Greg House : MRA will be worse.
UNK: Chris Taub : We have to get a picture.
UNK: Greg House : You were doing better before you had a good idea.
UNK: Chris Taub : How can we see it if we don't take a picture?
UNK: Greg House : You can see me, right?
UNK: We wanna look at his heart with our eyes.
UNK: Robert Chase : So, I kill the patient on my operating table,
UNK: Robert Chase : you get to keep testing your team,
UNK: Robert Chase : and I take the heat from Cuddy.
UNK: Greg House : If it goes that way, yeah, that'd be excellent.
UNK: Chris Taub : His respiratory status is through the floor.
UNK: Chris Taub : If there's a vessel and we don't remove it fast,
UNK: Chris Taub : best case, he's on a ventilator for life.
UNK: Greg House : Granted, it'll be a short one.
UNK: Greg House : Who do you think I should hire?
UNK: Robert Chase : You want me to tell you in front of him?
UNK: Well, it'd be rude to ask him to leave now.
UNK: Chris Taub : If you don't do the surgery, the patient will die.
UNK: Chris Taub : You'll have had nothing to do with it,
UNK: Chris Taub : and everyone will know that you had nothing to do with it.
UNK: Chris Taub : And everyone will know that it's because
UNK: Chris Taub : you were pissed off at House for firing you.
UNK: You know that's not why I'm saying no.
UNK: Yeah, but that's not how it's gonna play out.
UNK: Robert Chase : Keep him and Amber. You'll get stuff done.
UNK: Robert Chase : Prep him for surgery.
UNK: Robert Chase : This isn't an anomalous vessel.
UNK: Robert Chase : Look at these lymph nodes. Way too big.
UNK: They're the masses you saw.