UNK: Do you know what a "Broken Cowboy" is?
Foreman : It was on House's list of requirements.
Thirteen : I have three theories.
Foreman : Why is House so into this bachelor party?
UNK: He needs to have a reason to be into a bachelor party?
Thirteen : He needs a reason to be into anything.
Thirteen : Give me your wallet.
Foreman : House could be trying to tempt Chase into cheating, break them up.
Thirteen : You think House is into Cameron?
Foreman : I think House is into Cameron being into him.
Foreman : Marrying Chase would shatter that fantasy.
UNK: If Chase cheats, they shouldn't be getting married in the first place.
Foreman : So, you're okay with House getting Chase smashed enough to make a stupid mistake?
Thirteen : Being drunk doesn't change who you are, it just reveals it.
Foreman : You think she can do the Broken Cowboy?
Thirteen : God, I hope so.
Taub : NF2 is an extremely slow-growing cancer, which makes it very treatable.
Taub : If we're right, taking out the tumor means there's a chance you'll regain your hearing.
UNK: No, they said you have to.
Taub : What's wrong?
Ellie : He wants you to treat the cancer, but leave him deaf.
UNK: Sorry. It doesn't work like that.
UNK: But why?
Amber : I don't know.
Taub : Imaging shows slightly elevated ICP, but no masses on or around the nerves.
Taub : It's not cancer.
House : Slight bowing in the wall of the fourth ventricle, could still indicate a tumor.
Foreman : We brought pictures.
Thirteen : The fact that you sent me on a scouting mission...
Amber : No skirts.
House : You're not on the guest list.
House : Bachelor parties are an ancient and sacred male rite of passage.
Taub : The ventricle bowing is most likely a pre-existing anatomical anomaly,
Taub : not the indication of a tumor.
Thirteen : No way to know for sure without a brain biopsy.
Thirteen : If I get drunk enough, there's a chance I might make out with one of the strippers.
Thirteen : Or become one.
UNK: Sold. Sold.
Taub : We can't just drill into our patient's brain on a hunch.
UNK: House And Amber : God, not her. God, not her.
House : She's the one that got me hooked in with Madoff.
Foreman : Taub's right. It's not cancer.
House : Yeah, by all means,
House : abandon a great diagnostic theory because it's difficult to prove.
House : Do a biopsy. We need to take a better look at his fourth ventricle.
Amber : Or an older look.
UNK: The mom is never gonna let us touch his brain without some evidence.
Amber : Patient broke his nose years ago. Hospital could've done an MRI.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : The main reason my third wife and I eloped was to avoid House's bachelor party.
House : My patient's brain now versus three years ago. See any difference?
House : Is he telling you to avoid the party?
Wilson : I took an oath to do no harm.
House : Sure, don't come,
House : if you want your wedding vows to be meaningless.
Chase : This should be interesting.
House : You are going to commit to that one special woman forever,
House : which is beautiful.
House : But if your commitment the day after the wedding