House : Look at that. Arrhythmia.
Taub : You were right about the heart. I should have listened to you.
House : The correct phrasing would be, "I should always listen to you."
Taub : He's got problems everywhere. What goes everywhere?
UNK: Blood. Could be thrombocythemia.
Thirteen : Excess platelets lead to clotting throughout the body.
Foreman : Not with a normal platelet count.
Taub : So the clotting doesn't start in the blood, it starts in the lungs. Pulmonary embolism.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Are you sure I did this at Wilson's party?
Amber : Last time, you used grain alcohol instead of the sambuca.
House : And it worked?
UNK: Well, it explains my lack of eyebrows by the end of the evening.
UNK: House continues : By the power of Grayskull, I...
Amber : This is why we're rehearsing.
Amber : Ever wonder what's happening every time our patient gets sicker?
House : Not right now.
Amber : First symptom, wrestling.
Amber : Then, under the lights of the seizure lab...
House : Are you going somewhere with this? Because this feels...
Amber : Just keep doing what you're doing. It helps.
Amber : Then, under the stress of blindness, then, post-op fever.
Amber : What do all the symptoms have in common?
UNK: Heat.
House : See, if you hadn't been here, that would've just popped into my head,
House : which actually would have been way cooler.
UNK: Foreman, kid's got Uhthoff phenomenon, which means it's MS.
Foreman : Start him on double-dose interferon.
Amber : Let's get our drink on.
House : Not before I've added chemical burns to this guy's cause of death.
Foreman : Patient's responding to interferon.
Foreman : Looks like I can retire as department figurehead.
UNK: Male Officer : Dr. Robert Chase?
UNK: Male Officer : We're with the Department of Citizenship and Immigration.
UNK: Male Officer : Did you recently apply for a marriage license?
UNK: Ah... Yes.
UNK: Male Officer : According to our records, your work permit has expired.
UNK: Male Officer : If you could come with us?
UNK: I'm his fiancée. I can come along and clear this...
UNK: Female Officer : I'm sorry, ma'am. Illegals only.
Chase : I'm sure it's a mistake. I'll call you as soon as I know what's going on.
Cameron : Don't let House get him in too much trouble.
House : Allow me to welcome you to the best night of your life.