Foreman : Enlarged lymphs could...
Cuddy : Are any of you sober?
Amber : Turn around, you need to go to the hospital.
House : I need to sleep.
Amber : I'm you. You can't just shut a door.
House : You tried to kill Chase.
House : I need to push you back down, you're dangerous.
Amber : It's the hospital.
UNK: I'm not answering.
UNK: Hello.
Cuddy : I'm here with your team,
Cuddy : trying to sober them up so they can help treat your dying patient.
House : Foreman's dying patient.
Cuddy : What causes lung failure plus your patient's previous symptoms?
Amber : Eosinophilic pneumonitis.
Amber : White blood cells accumulate, clog up the lungs, lead to heart problems. It fits.
Cuddy : House, are you there?
Foreman : It's not eosinophilic pneumonitis.
Cuddy : House, don't hang up. We need your help.
Amber : We can solve this.
House : Good night.
Amber : Eosinophilic pneumonitis could actually make sense.
Thirteen : No, House ruled it out because it would affect the larynx. Patient would be
UNK: hoarse.
Thirteen : Which we wouldn't notice in a deaf kid who rarely speaks.
Cuddy : Wait. Everyone's getting breath mints.
Foreman : We need to hear Seth speak.
Ellie : That means taking out the tube. Isn't that dangerous?
Thirteen : It's the safest way to confirm what's wrong with him.
Foreman : I need him to breathe out once I pull on the tube.
UNK: Okay.
Thirteen : Say "ah."
UNK: Female Officer : I'm sorry, we were wrong.
Foreman : I need to suction out your throat before we re-intubate.
Foreman : Your son smoke?
Ellie : I don't think so.
Foreman : Tobacco stains on his teeth.
Ellie : He says he used to chew tobacco to cut weight for wrestling.
Ellie : Used to?
Thirteen : Chewing tobacco wouldn't explain his symptoms.
Foreman : But not chewing tobacco might.
Foreman : Taub was right. It's sarcoidosis.
Foreman : The tobacco releases toxins, those toxins suppressed his immune system.
Foreman : Once he quit chewing,
Foreman : the absence of those toxins kicked a dormant condition into hyper-drive.
Ellie : Is it treatable?
Thirteen : Usually responds to corticosteroids and methotrexate.
Thirteen : I'll start the meds.
House : I need sleeping pills.
House : I was gonna hit up Wilson, but he's not answering his phone.
Cuddy : He must have left it in his pants,
Cuddy : which he wasn't wearing when the police found him trying to walk home, oddly,
Cuddy : from his own apartment.
UNK: Pills.
UNK: Your patient is doing fine, thanks to your team.
House : It wasn't eosinophilic pneumonitis, was it?
UNK: Sarcoidosis.
UNK: Good.
Cuddy : House, please, talk to me.
House : I haven't slept through the night since Kutner killed himself.
Ellie : The wrestling might have to wait.
Ellie : I'm gonna tell your doctors to repair your implant.
UNK: I know. And then you ripped it out rather than live with it for a few days even.
Ellie : I'm your mother. This is my call.
Ellie : I don't know if I'm making the right one, but it's mine to make.
Amber : Sleep well?