Jane : I do.
Jane : No, Mom. You're dying.
Jane : Nobody can help you.
UNK: It's not gonna be okay.
Thirteen : That was cold.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : What did you get for Christmas?
House : I got a watch, a vintage LP,
House : and a second edition Conan Doyle.
UNK: And if that wasn't bad enough, my patient's dying.
Wilson : Christmas deaths in a hospital. There's nothing more depressing.
Wilson : No one ever wants to go in the patient's room.
Wilson : Even the candy stripers leave them alone.
UNK: But I saw something amazing.
House : Pure truth.
House : She told her mother that she was dying.
House : Stripped her of all hope.
Wilson : That sounds horrible.
UNK: It was like watching some bizarre astronomical event
House : that you know you're never gonna see again.
Wilson : You tell people the cold, hard truth all the time. You get off on it.
House : Because I don't care.
House : She cared.
UNK: And she did it, anyway.
House : She did it because she cared.
Wilson : The angels of Christmas have finally given House a present he can appreciate.
House : Oh, don't ruin it.
House : Don't pin this on Christ. He's got enough nails in him.
Wilson : Patient had to die...
House : Why don't you take off that hat?
Wilson : It's Christmas. It's a reindeer.
House : It's a moose, on a Jew.
Wilson : Who cares?
House : Things have their place.
House : You wouldn't hang dreidels from a Christmas tree.
House : You could.
Wilson : Things don't care.
House : No, they don't.
Wilson : Happy solstice, House.
UNK: God rest ye merry gentlemen
UNK: Let nothing you dismay
UNK: Remember, Christ, our savior
UNK: Was born on Christmas day
House : To save us all from Satan's power
House : When we were gone astray
House : Have you people no holiday spirit?
House : Bring me the eggnog of good cheer.
Foreman : House, if you have something to say, say it.
Foreman : If you don't, give us a chance to get home before Santa.
UNK: Scrooge.
UNK: Give the patient risperidone.
Taub : That's an anti-psychotic. She's dying. She's not crazy.
UNK: I am gonna perform a Christmas miracle.
UNK: Oh, tidings of comfort and joy Comfort and joy
UNK: You said all the other causes of osteopetrosis are fatal.
House : Except for the one we discounted early because it was impossible.
UNK: When a fetus forms, it's just a mass of cells.
House : Breast tissue covers extensive portions of the body.
House : As the fetus develops, most of this tissue recedes
House : remaining only in the fun places.
House : But sometimes, extra breast tissue
House : is left behind in places where it doesn't belong.
UNK: Risperidone does a lot of things.
House : One is it makes breast tissue swell so we can find it more easily.
Maggie : You're telling me I could have breast cancer?
UNK: Somewhere not in my breasts? That doesn't make sense.
House : Taub's parents have a winter condo in Florida.
House : They're still New Yorkers.
UNK: Actually, my parents... Don't care.
House : I told a parable.
UNK: Now, I'm gonna raise the dead.
House : Give me that syringe.
UNK: That's got to be a fat deposit.
House : Yes, I could be wrong.
House : If I am, she's dead. So, shut up.
Foreman : What's that?
UNK: Risperidone also causes galactorrhea.
Jane : What's that? Galactic?
House : Open your mouth.
House : Relax. You've had it before.
Jane : I am not...
UNK: Milk?
UNK: Ew!
House : We'll cut out your mom's tumor and start her on chemo.
House : All the rest of your symptoms should go away.
Maggie : I love you.
Jane : I know.
House : Have a wonderful life.