House : See? Clear, simple statement of facts
House : describing their cooperation with absolutely no attitude or fear.
UNK: Something's got to be done.
House : Oh, yeah.
Kutner : How are you feeling?
Maggie : I still can't move my hands.
Kutner : It will take a few more hours to cycle all your blood through the machine.
Maggie : What just happened?
Kutner : Nothing. What's wrong?
Maggie : What do you mean? The lights just went out.
Maggie : Didn't they?
Jane : What did you do?
Maggie : Is this from the drugs?
Kutner : Most of the drugs should be out of your system by now.
UNK: And our drugs wouldn't... I can't see.
Jane : Do something!
Maggie : I can't see!
Maggie : I can't see!
Thirteen : Nothing in the Ecstasy except Ecstasy.
House : Well, that never hurt anybody.
Foreman : Can't make them blind days later.
UNK: Do you spell "Homey" with a "Y"?
House : I want to be respectful.
UNK: You're actually gonna let us do Secret Santa?
House : Not just you guys.
House : I like presents, too.
House : Pick a name.
Taub : Why are you doing this?
House : See, this is why no one likes your people.
House : The notion of picking one time of the year to be decent to other people is obscene
House : 'cause it's actually validating the notion
House : of being miserable wretches the rest of the year.
Foreman : So, you think this is the part of the year that's screwed up?
House : On the other hand, you are now a team. You've got to work together.
House : And the simple fact is, giving people crap makes people like people.
House : So, spend 25 bucks. Learn to love.
Thirteen : Blindness could be a complication from the hemodialysis.
Kutner : No, the dialysate composition was within range.
UNK: Sweet. Interesting.
Thirteen : The dialysate composition just indicates... Indicates nothing.
House : I was referring to his reaction to the name he got.
Kutner : I was pleased. I thought it'd be fun to buy for...
House : Means there's someone here it wouldn't be fun to buy for.
UNK: I wonder who. Pick a name.
House : Then go check out the patient's house.
UNK: Interesting.
Foreman : We're wasting time going to the home.
UNK: Kearns-Sayre Syndrome fits the symptoms.
House : No family history of Kearns. Go to their house.
UNK: She would have told us if there were any other drugs. You met her.
Thirteen : She couldn't have been more candid. You're absolutely right.
UNK: Go to their house... MS or a vascular problem fits better.
Taub : They could affect hands and eyes.
House : Fine. Do an MRI, check for MS.
House : And a fluorescein angiogram of her eyes to see if we missed a bleed somewhere.
House : Oh, and whoever goes to their house, get me their computers.
House : You talk to your kid about sex
House : so she'll think you're being open about everything.
UNK: It keeps her from asking questions about things you don't want to talk about.
Thirteen : That's right. Her honesty proves just how dishonest she is.
House : Yes! Exactly who I wanted. This is gonna be fun.
Taub : The dye may sting when it enters your bloodstream.
Jane : Are you scared, Mom?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Are you? Yeah.
Maggie : Are they?
Jane : They don't look scared.
Maggie : Either they're confident or they just don't care.
Foreman : We're confident.
UNK: Okay if I shift you a bit? I need to get you into position.