Foreman : Serious mountain bike. Hasn't been used in a while though.
Chase : He switched to yoga. Brand-new yoga mat and tape.
Foreman : Man's getting older. Or it might indicate back pain.
UNK: Wife would have mentioned it. Yoga's good for picking up the ladies too.
Foreman : Not when you do it in your own home.
UNK: Change could be just a change, not a symptom.
UNK: Chase.
Foreman : "Dear 'House' boys, a snack for your highly illegal search.
Foreman : Hope you like oatmeal raisin. Love, Stacy".
UNK: Whoa. In a desk drawer, hidden in the back under some papers.
Chase : Secret stash.
UNK: Amphetamines. Regular use could lead to neurotoxicity.
Foreman : Explains the axonal nerve damage and the personality issues.
Stacy : On the other hand, "Prescribed to W. Brown".
Cameron : Fake name. Fake prescription.
House : Could be, but the prescribing doc, his name's real.
House : This guy's just had his license pulled for writing illegal prescriptions to high school kids.
Foreman : Mark's a high school guidance counselor.
House : And Mr. Brown's birth date makes him 17 years old.
UNK: Do you think maybe these were confiscated by a high school guidance counselor?
UNK: Anything else? Um, yeah, he switched from mountain biking to yoga.
UNK: - Could indicate... - He's getting older.
House : - What did the C.S.F. say about encephalitis? - Said no. Champagne tap.
Cameron : No red cells, no white cells. Serology's negative. Which means we're back to Alzheimer's.
Cameron : I told her he didn't have it. The marker tests were negative.
House : Well, then you should have told her that. He could still have it.
UNK: PET scan will reveal any changing metabolic activity in the cerebral cortex.
House : Run him through and check his memory.
Foreman : We're going to inject a chemical marker called F.D.D.N.P.
UNK: - Then I'm gonna ask you a series of questions. - Test my memory.
UNK: Yeah, but first we're gonna map out some specific brain functions.
UNK: You know, check out the engine before we take the car for a drive.
Foreman : Checking up on me?
House : - I like all the pretty lights. - Yeah.
UNK: Okay. Here we go.
Foreman : Your full name? Mark Warner.
Foreman : - Is your mother living? - No.
Foreman : Limbic system's intact.
Foreman : Okay, say you find a stamped envelope on the street. What do you do?
Mark : - Find a mailbox and mail it. - Geez. What a guy.
House : His frontal lobe is working way better than mine.
UNK: Do you remember when you got married?
Mark : Three years ago this July. Who is that?
UNK: What? Could be a problem with his long-term memory.
House : - Big church wedding? - Is that House?
UNK: He remembers voices. This serves no diagnostic purpose.
House : I thought you skimped on the limbic system there.
House : Emotional reactions. I just want to be thorough.
House : Did the atheistic bride wear a pretty white dress?
Mark : Was she thinking of you? Is that what you medically need to know?
House : What jewelry did your bride wear?
Mark : She never wears any jewelry, except the cross her mother gave to her.
Mark : No underwear either, at least not that day.
UNK: I remember 'cause she ripped her pretty white dress off in the car.
Mark : That the sort of answer you're looking for, Doctor?
House : I think I upset him. You gotta stop this now.
Mark : I remember the honeymoon was in Paris. I remember 'cause we didn't leave the room for two weeks.
Mark : - You want the details on that? - A little defensive.
Foreman : It's not paranoia if someone's out to get you.
Foreman : Here we go.
Stacy : He's sick, paranoid, and you keep hammering him about me?
House : The questions were designed to define the operational parameters of his limbic system.
Stacy : Elevate the words all you want. You were just screwing with him. Low, even by your standards.
House : Medical screwing. It's what I do.
Stacy : Then you run away like a 12-year-old. Go hide on the roof like you always do.
House : I haven't been up here in five years.