UNK: The answer's no. I don't sleep around. Make sure you note that in his file.
Foreman : Mrs. Warner.
UNK: The surgery went well. He's in Recovery. You can see him now.
Foreman : Goldstein found nothing but a distended bladder.
House : Neurogenic bladder isn't causing the pain.
UNK: It also doesn't cause personality changes.
Foreman : On the other hand, it would completely account for Cameron's diagnosis.
Foreman : The patient's completely healthy.
UNK: Get me the video of the surgery.
House : Dr. Mandingo, you're needed at the plantation house.
House : Well, don't everybody talk at once.
UNK: There's nothing there.
House : Stop looking at the suspiciously empty bottle and look at the screen.
House : Here's why I get the big bucks.
House : This is nothing.
House : An enhanced version of nothing.
House : This... is the problem.
Foreman : - Unbelievable. - Tremors in the muscle fiber.
Cameron : That's not peristalsis.
UNK: That's abdominal epilepsy. - Means there's some sort of neurological problem.
House : A time bomb in his brain.
House : I forget. Who said it was nothing?
UNK: I saw a very small, diffuse abnormality in the brain waves. Probably white matter.
Foreman : Means his axonal nerves are dying.
Foreman : Explains the neurogenic bladder. Enough nerves die, he dies.
Foreman : Global axonal nerve death.
Foreman : Likely causes are encephalitis or Alzheimer's.
Cameron : Early onset Alzheimer's. The worst.
House : He won't die right away. He'll just want to.
UNK: I'll check the blood for Alzheimer's protein markers.
House : Last I heard, Alzheimer's had a genetic component. Did the patient have parents?
Cameron : Parents died in a car crash. No history of dementia.
UNK: Send C.S.F. for C.B.C. and viral serologies to rule out encephalitis...
UNK: and get tau proteins to check for Alzheimer's.
UNK: And this still feels a little light.
UNK: I took a complete medical history. Check out their house. Take Sparky with you.
Chase : - They live in Short Hills. Two hours away. - You can expense the tolls.
Cameron : You're not interested in a medical history.
Cameron : You're a Peeping Tom trying to spy on your ex.
UNK: Her secret diary... That's the main thing.
UNK: But as long as you're there, take a peek in the medicine cabinet.
UNK: Check for toxins, heavy metals... anything that might explain this other than encephalitis or Alzheimer's.
UNK: And get receipts for the tolls.
Stacy : Making lunch? I assume that's for Mark.
UNK: We know about his parents. What about further back?