UNK: A tummy ache, cranky... No apparent source.
Cameron : Any thoughts?
UNK: Foreman, you're gonna contribute, or are you too tired from stealing cars?
Cameron : - I'm being House. It's funny. - I know. You made milk come out of my nose.
House : Morning. You guys got the file. What's wrong?
Cameron : Previous tests revealed nothing that would cause abdominal pain or the mood swings.
House : Then we're done. What do you think? Ball game? Zoo?
House : I don't care. I just want to hang with you guys. - What about drugs?
Chase : His tox screen on admission showed a massive amount of chloral hydrate.
House : Yeah. Sorry. That was me.
House : I had to dope him up to get him in here.
House : Guy doesn't think he's sick. Who does?
House : His wife. The woman you used to live with.
House : That's her Indian name. On her driver's license it's Stacy.
House : I assume you have a point.
Cameron : You believe her over the patient himself. That's why we're taking this case.
House : The truth? I hear voices all the time telling me to do stuff.
House : - It's crazy, huh? - What happened to "everybody lies"?
House : I was lying.
UNK: Do the things... the blah, blah, blah, blah. All that stuff the other docs did.
House : If that's negative, ultrasound his belly.
House : If that's negative, C.T. his abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast.
House : - Did I miss anything? - Kitchen sink.
House : Well, we could certainly give that... Oh, you minx!
Wilson : What you're thinking is, you're going to save him, be a hero and win her back.
Wilson : It's always impressive, that level of twisted narcissism.
House : She's married. Big clue I lost the game.
UNK: You can't be within 50 feet of Stacy Warner.
House : Thought she wanted me to treat him.
Wilson : Treat the husband, stay away from the wife.
House : But what if they get close to each other? What do I do then?
UNK: Hey. You have to treat this like a regular case.
UNK: Be yourself... Cold, uncaring, distant.
House : Please, don't put me on a pedestal.
UNK: We C.T.'d your abdomen. Nothing that would explain the stomach pain.
Stacy : - What's the next move? - Leaving.
Mark : How many more tests do I need?
Mark : How many more doctors need to clear me before we can get back to our life?
Stacy : - Just one. - House.
Cameron : It must be awkward being treated by a man who used to be involved with your wife.
Mark : It's awkward being in a hospital when there's nothing wrong with me.
Cameron : M.R.A.'s were clean, which means he's probably fine.
Cameron : He doesn't seem paranoid. He shows no signs of...
House : No. It means we have no idea what's wrong with him.
UNK: Ben Goldstein says his schedule's locked. He can't do it before tomorrow.
House : No. Today. Call him, tell him I'll make it work.
Cameron : You're cutting him open?
UNK: Oh, hold it. There's no need for exploratory surgery.
House : Dr. Cameron has a diagnosis.
Cameron : No, I just think it's premature and maybe irresponsible...
Cameron : to do exploratory surgery before we know he's actually sick.
UNK: No, it's "premature" to put him on a list for hospice care.
UNK: And it's "maybe irresponsible" to imply my actions are not rationally supported.
Cameron : All we have is his wife... Who says his stomach hurts.
UNK: Works for me. The patient doesn't even think he's sick. Why would he consent to...
House : His wife's a lawyer. She's very convincing.
UNK: Call Goldstein. Surgery is on.