Stacy : I'll be just outside, honey.
House : You two are good together.
Stacy : You know nothing about Mark.
House : He took you to Paris.
House : That's good enough for me.
Stacy : We never went to Paris.
House : Your honeymoon. It's been your dream city.
UNK: You wanted to go since you were 16. He actually took you. No, I had to work.
Stacy : We spent the night in New York. Then we went back to Short Hills. What is it?
House : When did Mark switch from mountain biking to yoga?
Stacy : About a month ago.
Stacy : The same time he started getting sick. What does that mean?
House : We have two more symptoms.
UNK: The patient was asked a series of questions to determine the functionality of his brain.
Foreman : - You grilled him about Stacy. - Whatever.
UNK: Yeah, the point is, he told us everything we need to know to diagnose him.
House : That is, if we use your fancy PET scan as a lie detector.
House : See, it's a very creative process, lying.
House : Now, telling the truth is a much simpler process. See here.
House : Question nine. This is where Mark gives a long, rambling answer about taking Stacy to Paris.
UNK: What does the PET scan say? - Minimal involvement. Just the frontal and temporal lobes.
Chase : He said he went to Paris, and the PET confirms it. So, what?
House : They didn't go.
House : They didn't go to Paris, and yet Mark's brain apparently thinks...
House : that he really did spend 40 francs on a tour of the bastille.
House : So we have an intermittent syndrome that presents with abdominal pain,
House : polyneuropathy, paranoia...
House : and delusions.
House : Now, here's the thing about Acute Intermittent Porphyria.
House : It'll jump you in a dark alley, beat the crap out of you, leave you bleeding.
UNK: But it wears gloves, so no fingerprints.
House : Doesn't show up in blood tests, urine tests, nothing...
UNK: unless you catch it red-handed in the middle of an attack.
Chase : But there are other symptoms of A.I.P.
House : - Such as? - Light sensitivity.
UNK: Yeah. One of the true tragedies of this condition...
UNK: is it makes you want to stick your cool new mountain bike in the garage...
UNK: and take up an indoor sport like, say, yoga.
UNK: Start the treatment. Hematin and glucose.
UNK: If you give him Hematin now and you're wrong, he dies today.
UNK: There's only one way to confirm A.I.P... Urine sample made during the attack.
Chase : And there's no way to predict when he'll have another attack.
House : Sure there is.
House : Acute Intermittent Porphyria has very specific triggers.
House : Barbiturates, alcohol, high levels of protein will set off an attack.
Stacy : Which trigger do you think set off Mark's? Not the faintest idea.
UNK: That's why I'm gonna give him the combo plate. All of it.
UNK: So if he has this, and you trigger an attack, the attack makes him worse, right?
House : Yeah. But then we'll know what it is and we can treat it.
UNK: But if I don't have this thing and you give me that shot, what happens?
House : No idea. If we don't know what's messing up your brain, we don't know how you'll react.
UNK: Okay, I... I need a minute with my husband.