UNK: Javier Esposito : And what?
Lanie : Kate, a pipe burst in the apartment above, and...
Beckett : Oh, no. No, don't tell me.
Lanie : I tried, sweetie. I did everything that I could,
Lanie : but there was just too much damage.
UNK: Kate? The dress...
Lanie : It's gone!
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : It's only a dress. It's not the end of the world.
UNK: VOICE BREAKING Then why does it feel like it is?
Beckett : Our wedding was supposed to be magical!
UNK: It was supposed to be our perfect day.
Beckett : And now it's just...
UNK: SNIFFLES falling apart.
Castle : So, we'll put it back together.
Beckett : Castle, I'm married to someone else.
Beckett : And I have no idea where he is.
Beckett : We don't have any leads.
UNK: And to make things worse, the venue, and then now this.
Beckett : I mean, it just feels like all of this is one big sign.
Castle : Well, maybe it is a sign.
Castle : A sign that ours is a great love story.
UNK: So what's a great love story without obstacles to overcome?
UNK: Every fairy tale has them.
Castle : Terrible trials that only the worthy can transcend.
Castle : But you can't give up.
Castle : That's the deal.
Castle : We want the happy ending?
Castle : We can't give up.
Beckett : And that's why I want to marry you.
UNK: BECKETT SIGHS
UNK: CELLPHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Hey, it's Tory. I think I may have found something.
UNK: - CELLPHONE BEEPS - I was scrubbing the laptop,
UNK: and came across a hidden folder.
Beckett : What's in it?
UNK: Pictures.
Tory : According to image data,
Tory : they were recently downloaded from someone's phone.
Tory : Most of them are innocuous, but there are a couple of them
UNK: that, um, I think you need to see.
Tory : I'm e-mailing them now.
UNK: Oh-ho-ho-ho!
UNK: - Oh-ho-ho! - What?
Beckett : I think I know why your scheming, scamming husband
Beckett : wanted to steal that stripper's phone. Check it out.
Beckett : It's a guy with a stripper. What's the big deal?
Beckett : What's the big deal?
Castle : That is the big deal.
Castle : It's the local pastor.
Castle : There's only one reason
Castle : your husband would pay that much to get these photos.
Castle : He was blackmailing a man of God.
Beckett : A pastor with skin in the game.
Castle : And motive to make Rogan disappear.
BECKETT : Thank you for meeting with us, Pastor.
UNK: Pastor Bob : Well, you said on the phone it was urgent,
UNK: Pastor Bob : and helping people is my calling.
Castle : Does that include helping people out of their clothes
Castle : while they're sitting on your lap?
UNK: Pastor Bob : Where did you get those?
Beckett : I think you already know the answer to that.
UNK: Pastor Bob : I suppose you want money, too.
UNK: Pastor Bob : I am a pastor, not a bank!
Castle : We're not here to blackmail you.
UNK: Pastor Bob : You're not?
UNK: PASTOR BOB : It started six months ago.
UNK: I had a moment of weakness.
UNK: Pastor Bob : That stripper got photos of me.
UNK: Pastor Bob : It's been a nightmare ever since.
UNK: $1,000 here, $500 there.
Beckett : So, Sapphire was blackmailing you, not Rogan?
UNK: At first. Then Rogan must've found out.
UNK: Pastor Bob : He got his hands on the photos somehow.
UNK: Pastor Bob : He said if I gave him $25,000, he would make them disappear forever,
UNK: and if I didn't, he would release them to the Willow Creek Register.
UNK: So, is that why you kidnapped him? To get those photos back?
UNK: Pastor Bob : What? No, I didn't kidnap him!
UNK: Pastor Bob : What kind of a man do you think I am?
UNK: I think we have a pretty good picture. May have a few pictures, actually.
UNK: No, I was going to pay him. I swear. Look.
UNK: Pastor Bob : I was supposed to meet him here this morning with the money.
UNK: Pastor Bob : He was going to hand over the laptop and the photos,
UNK: Pastor Bob : but he never showed.
UNK: - DOOR OPENS - CHUCKLES
UNK: Uh, be right with you, Mrs. Monroe.
Beckett : So you have no idea where Rogan is, or who might've taken him?
UNK: Pastor Bob : No. But if you find him,
UNK: Pastor Bob : tell him I am ready to pay.
UNK: Pastor Bob : I just want this to end.
UNK: Pastor Bob : Thank you for waiting, Mrs. Monroe.
Castle : So, your husband is hijacking someone else's blackmail.
Castle : Kind of ingenious, in a degenerate sort of way.