Castle : that holds 300 people in less than two days?
Alexis : Ooh! We already have one. Not in Manhattan.
Alexis : We can move the whole party to our house in the Hamptons.
Castle : Yes. Yes! We've held larger parties than this out there.
Alexis : We rent luxury buses to shuttle our guests
Alexis : and pay the vendors' transportation costs!
Martha : Brilliant! I will call the housekeeper first thing in the morning
Martha : and have them start getting the place ready.
Castle : You really think we can pull this off?
Martha : Oh, please! I once staged A Chorus Line on a subway platform
Martha : when our company lost its space.
Martha : I think I can move a wedding.
Martha : Alexis will help with everything.
Martha : You just make sure Katherine finds that deadbeat husband of hers.
UNK: Yes!
BECKETT : Thanks for coming up, babe.
Beckett : I'm so sorry about this whole mess.
UNK: Oh, what's a fiancé for, if not to help find his future wife's current husband?
UNK: SCOFFS
Castle : And Alexis and Mother will get far more done without my interference.
UNK: Well, I just hope that all their work is not for nothing.
Castle : You think Rogan's ex will be able to help us find him?
Beckett : They lived together. If we're lucky, she'll be able to tell us
Beckett : what kind of mess he was mixed up in.
WOMAN : Can I help you?
BECKETT : Uh...
Beckett : Hi, ma'am.
Beckett : NYPD. We're looking for Rogan O'Leary.
Cloris : Well, if you find him, you can keep him.
UNK: - DOOR OPENS - TILDY : Stop it, Mama.
Tildy : You were in the bar yesterday.
Beckett : Yeah. I was hoping that Mr. O'Leary could help us with an old case,
Beckett : but it seems that he was abducted last night.
Tildy : By who?
Castle : We were hoping you could tell us.
UNK: Wasn't me! I'd have offed him.
Tildy : Mama, that's enough.
Beckett : Look, he was taken by two men in a rusty pickup truck.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who they were?
Tildy : No. But he's always working crazy angles, pissing people off.
Castle : Is that why you left him?
UNK: No. CHUCKLES
Tildy : I was used to that.
Tildy : But he took money from me for one of his schemes.
UNK: Said he was gonna make us rich. He lost it all, of course.
Tildy : And now I might lose the bar.
Tildy : The thing is, in spite of it all,
Tildy : I love him.
Tildy : I mean, I can overlook the fact that he's not a "regular job" kind of guy,
Tildy : or that he can't marry me while his wife's in a coma,
UNK: but he should never have put my bar in jeopardy.
Beckett : I'm sorry. He said that he had a wife?
Castle : A wife in a coma.
Tildy : Yeah. He married in college, she got in an accident.
UNK: Been in a coma 15 years.
UNK: Katie something.
Tildy : It's kind of tragic, really.
Castle : So very tragic.
UNK: So, um, did he mention any trouble yesterday?
Beckett : Or say anything about
Beckett : you having something in your possession that he urgently needed?
Beckett : Something in the garage or house?
Tildy : Actually, yeah. He said he needed the laptop I took from his apartment.
Tildy : Said he needed it right away.
Castle : Did he say why?
Tildy : No. But since it's my laptop, I figured it was a line of bull,
Tildy : that he wanted me to give it up so he could sell it for the money.
Castle : Given how anxious he was to get his hands on it,
Castle : it might have something to do with his abduction.
Beckett : Tildy, could we borrow that laptop?
Beckett : Might help us find him.
Castle : We are trained professionals,
Castle : and Rogan might be in some very, very serious trouble.
UNK: - ENGINE REVS - BECKETT : He's in trouble all right!
Beckett : I mean, all these years, he knew that we were married!
Beckett : He knew when I got here.
UNK: And for 15 years, he's been using that as an excuse not to commit.
Castle : Coma wife.
UNK: CHUCKLES It's kind of brilliant.
Beckett : You mean despicable, right?
Castle : Yeah. That's what I meant.
Beckett : Did you find anything on the laptop?
Castle : Their e-mails to each other are fairly pornographic,
Castle : but nothing that would get a man abducted.
Beckett : You know what? Maybe we should call Tory and have her access it remotely.
Beckett : See if we're missing anything.
Castle : And we should re-check Rogan's apartment.
Castle : See if there's anything there that can tell us what he was involved with.
UNK: I gotta call Lanie.