UNK: Kate Beckett : because I will be pretty much unreachable for the next three weeks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Okay. What are you more excited about, the wedding or the honeymoon?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Three weeks in the Maldives on a private island? What do you think?
UNK: Actually, the only thing that I'm not excited about
Beckett : is having to say my vows in front of all those people.
Ryan : You'll be fine. Just imagine your wedding guests are murder suspects.
Esposito : In their underwear.
Beckett : Or not.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : You know, I was so nervous before my wedding
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : that I ran into a wall and got a black eye.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : You're supposed to be a wreck.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : You're about to experience one of the most important days of your life.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : I'm so happy for you, Detective.
Castle : Hey, guys!
Gates : In spite of who you're marrying.
UNK: So, who's ready to get her marriage license?
UNK: Me. Almost. I gotta get my bag.
UNK: Excellent. And Alexis wanted me to remind you...
Esposito : She called, she texted and she e-mailed. We will be there.
Ryan : And we'll bring our black shoes.
Beckett : Do you have our paperwork?
UNK: "I do."
Castle : I'm just practicing. CHUCKLES
UNK: I... I do. I got it.
Ryan : Have fun, guys.
Beckett : T-minus 72 hours until we are married.
Beckett : This feels like a dream.
UNK: - That's 'cause I'm dreamy. - Oh, shush.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Next! - Ah.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
UNK: Here we are.
Clerk : Mr. Richard Castle and Ms. Katherine Beckett.
Castle : That's us.
Clerk : Proof of divorce?
Castle : Is there something wrong with my documents?
Clerk : They're in order. Ms. Beckett, do you have yours?
Beckett : - Pardon me? - Your divorce paperwork.
UNK: CHUCKLING I'm sorry, there's a mistake.
Beckett : I've never been married.
Clerk : Well, according to this, you have. And it looks like you still are.
Beckett : I'm married?
Castle : To whom?
MARTHA : Rogan O'Leary?
Martha : Well, who is Rogan O'Leary?
Castle : A guy she met freshman year at Stanford.
UNK: Oh, I think I'm gonna be sick.
Alexis : And you married him?
Beckett : Not really.
Castle : Except she did.
Castle : The two of them drove to Vegas, had too much to drink,
Castle : and thought it would be a riot to take a cab to a drive-through wedding chapel.
Martha : - You didn't. - She did.
Beckett : Yeah, I did. But I never thought that it was for real.
Beckett : And I broke up with the guy a couple weeks later,
Beckett : after I found out he was a compulsive liar, degenerate and a thief.
Castle : Yes, but not before you tied the knot.
Castle : And here I thought you were a one-and-done kind of girl.
Martha : Does your father know about this?
UNK: - I really am gonna be sick. - DOORBELL BUZZES
UNK: And that would be my lawyer.
BROWNING : You were both over 18.
UNK: Henry Browning : Regardless of your seriousness or intent at the time,
UNK: Henry Browning : I'm afraid your wedding at the Drive-Thru of Love
UNK: Henry Browning : was real, legal and binding.
UNK: Okay, we are getting married in three days.
Browning : I'm afraid you can't. Not unless you terminate your first marriage.
Beckett : We have 300 people coming. Most of them are flying in.
UNK: So, what are we gonna say to all of them?
Castle : Henry, is there anything we can do to make this go away?
Browning : It's possible, if there's mutual consent.
Browning : I brought a dissolution-of-marriage contract,
Browning : and I could expedite it through the city, but...
Browning : You'll have to get Mr. O'Leary to sign it, too.
UNK: How? It's been 15 years. I have no idea where he is.
UNK: Okay, looks like we found him.
Ryan : But, man, is your
Ryan : - husband a piece of work. - Mmm.
Beckett : He's not my husband.
Castle : Except, legally, he is.
Beckett : So, what do we know about him?
Esposito : Well, your boy got around. He was charged with theft in Austin in '05.