UNK: I'm not gonna make my spa bachelorette party this afternoon.
UNK: You were gonna have naked ladies at your party, too? Wow.
UNK: Do what you need to do, girl.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Operation Hamptons is in full swing,
UNK: Lanie Parish : and we'll have a newlyweds' spa day
UNK: Lanie Parish : when you get back from your honeymoon.
UNK: Yeah, Lanie, look, I don't know when we're gonna get back,
Beckett : so can you go to my place, pick up the dress, and take it up with you tonight?
Lanie : It will be there waiting for you.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks, Lane.
UNK: CELLPHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Assuming we get there at all.
UNK: SIGHS Are we crazy for going ahead with this?
Castle : Yes. But what other choice do we have?
Castle : Look, I don't want to have a makeup wedding in a few months, okay?
Castle : I want to do this now.
Castle : So, let's find this husband of yours and get married tomorrow.
Castle : Besides, it's not like things can get any crazier.
UNK: Yeah.
MAN : Well, what do we have here?
Castle : I spoke too soon.
UNK: - DOOR SLAMS - Where's Rogan?
Castle : Okay, let's just relax and put down the guns so no one gets...
UNK: - GRUNTING - Castle!
UNK: Head Biker : See, the only ones getting hurt are gonna be you,
UNK: Head Biker : if you don't tell me where Rogan's at.
UNK: HIGH-PITCHED VOICE I'm fine.
Beckett : We don't know where he is.
Castle : We barely know who he is.
UNK: Head Biker : Then what are you doing in his place?
Beckett : Looking for him. Same as you.
UNK: What's this? Is that you?
UNK: STAMMERS
UNK: Head Biker : That's a yes.
UNK: Head Biker : Okay, well, according to this, you and Rogan are married.
UNK: Head Biker : Thought you didn't know the guy.
Castle : Okay, well, funny story there...
UNK: Is it still gonna be funny when I make you bleed?
Rogan : I don't know.
UNK: Head Biker : Your husband owes me a lot of money. Now, where is he?
Rogan : I don't know.
UNK: All right. Well, seeing as how you're his wife, you can pay me.
UNK: Uh, exactly how much does he owe you?
UNK: Head Biker : Less his down payment, $5,000 for services rendered. Payable today.
Beckett : - What kind of services? - That's between me and him.
Beckett : If you want me to pay you, then tell me what I'm paying for.
UNK: Head Biker : All right, well, that seems fair.
UNK: Head Biker : Your husband hired us to steal a phone last week.
Castle : Whose phone?
UNK: Uh, some girl named Sapphire. Some stripper down at The Roadhouse.
UNK: $5,000 for a stripper's phone? What was on it?
UNK: Head Biker : I don't know. Didn't ask, don't care. I just want my money!
Beckett : And we'll get it to you. We just need to find Rogan first.
UNK: Head Biker : No, Mrs. O'Leary. I want my money now.
Beckett : Castle, you wouldn't happen...
Castle : Well, my mother took most of my cash, and Alexis has my ATM card.
Castle : I don't suppose you'd take a check.
Castle : That's... Uh, uh... No, I got...
UNK: I have $500 right here.
Beckett : Just for more time. We'll owe you the rest of the 5 grand.
Beckett : We just need a little bit more time.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: - You bought yourself 12 hours. - SIGHS
UNK: If you don't have the full amount when I come back,
UNK: Head Biker : I start breaking legs.
UNK: Head Biker : Do you understand?
UNK: MOTORCYCLE ENGINES REV
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : No, Mrs. O'Leary. I'm not okay. I happen to like my legs. And yours, too.
Castle : And why is your husband paying bikers over 5 grand for a stripper's phone?
Beckett : First of all, could we please stop calling him my husband?
Beckett : And secondly, I don't know,
Beckett : but I'm guessing it has something to do with the abduction.
Beckett : Hey! It's Beckett.
Beckett : Yeah, I need you guys to set up remote access to scrub a laptop.
Beckett : Castle, can you look up the address to The Roadhouse?
Beckett : I want to know what was on that stripper's phone.
Castle : Find a local strip bar? Now, that I know how to do.
Sapphire : Look, I don't know what you're talking about. No one stole my phone.
Beckett : - Are you sure? - Yeah.
Sapphire : It's right here. See?
Castle : Is there anything on it that anyone might want?
Sapphire : It's just a phone.
Sapphire : What is this all about?
Beckett : Do you know a guy named Rogan O'Leary?
UNK: Can't help ya. Sorry.
Beckett : Wait, Sapphire. Please. He might be in real trouble.
Beckett : So if you know something that can help us find him...
Sapphire : Look, if you don't want a dance, then I need to move on.
Beckett : - She knows something. - Well, whatever it is,
Castle : - she doesn't want to tell us. - CELLPHONE RINGING
Beckett : And I don't have the jurisdiction to make her.
Castle : - Beckett. - Kate? It's me.
Beckett : Lanie? What's wrong?
UNK: I went to your apartment to pick up your dress, and...