Marshall : I didn't realize ted wasn't the dean
Marshall : Until later that night.
Marshall : You're not the dean.
Robin : College... good times.
UNK: Blah-blah : Oh, I get it. Ted told you I didn't go to college,
UNK: Blah-blah : So now you're giving me a cute, little backhanded slap.
Barney : Oh, here we go.
UNK: Blah-blah : Well, while you were busy majoring
UNK: In being freakin' beautiful,
UNK: Blah-blah : I was starting
UNK: Blah-blah : My own line of handbags.
Barney : Your own line of handbags?
Barney : That's crazy.
UNK: Blah-blah : These have sold in japan.
UNK: Blah-blah : Robin, have you ever sold anything in japan?
Robin : Uh, no. But I would love to buy one of them, if...
Robin : Where can I get one?
UNK: Blah-blah : I don't have a distributor here yet,
UNK: Blah-blah : But thanks for rubbing that in.
UNK: Blah-blah : Why are you trying to undermine me in front of ted?
Robin : Look, there's nothing going on between me and ted.
UNK: Blah-blah : Wow, that just... Came out of nowhere.
UNK: No, I'm just saying that you have nothing to worry about.
UNK: Blah-blah : I wasn't worried. Are you saying I should be?
Robin : No, I'm saying that you shouldn't be.
UNK: Blah-blah : Oh, good, 'cause I'm not.
UNK: Blah-blah : Now, robin, can you just let it go?
UNK: Blah-blah : You're making all of us really uncomfortable.
Ted : You know what else is a good story?
Ted : How barney and I met.
Ted : Barney, tell that story, right now, please.
UNK: Okay, ted. This is a crazy story.
UNK: You're going to love it.
Barney : Tonight's the first time
Barney : I'm taking my deaf brother out
Barney : Since our mom died.
Ted : Oh, I'm sorry about that.
UNK: No, that's okay.
Barney : I have to take care of him now.
Barney : Of course, I have had to put my dreams on hold
Barney : In order to do it, but...
Barney : I'm happy to.
Barney : He's my brother and I love him.
Ted : I'm sorry, it's all still so fresh.
UNK: Well, man, I'm, uh... I'm really sorry.
Barney : Wow, you bought that?
Ted : What?
UNK: I just made that up in mid-pee.
UNK: If it worked on you, it's definitely going to work
UNK: On the blonde chick at the end of the bar.
UNK: Unless you're a total idiot.
UNK: Warrior Avatar : What's your name?
UNK: Blah-blah : Ted.
Barney : Are you a total idiot, ted?
UNK: Well, I'm still having this conversation, so...
UNK: Well played.
Barney : I like you, ted.
UNK: Ted, I'm going to teach you how to live.
Barney : Barney. We met at the urinal.
Ted : Oh, right. Hi.
UNK: Lesson one : Lose the goatee; it doesn't go with your suit.
Ted : I'm not wearing a suit.
UNK: Lesson two : Get a suit.
UNK: Suits are cool... Exhibit a.
UNK: Lesson three : Don't even think about getting married
UNK: Until you're 30.
UNK: And lesson four :
Barney : Be totally silent for the next five minutes.
Barney : Hey, audrey.
UNK: Uh, this is my deaf brother, edward.
UNK: Edward!
UNK: This is audrey!
Audrey : You know, I actually know some sign language.
Barney : He doesn't sign.
Barney : He's embarrassed by his hands.
Barney : They're tiny... And lady-like.
Barney : What? You... Are over your hand issues.
Barney : It's about time.
Audrey : Here. Call me.
Barney : And even though that girl ended up giving me a fake number,
Barney : I knew that ted and I would be each other's wingmen forever.
Ted : Barney, it's time you knew.
Ted : Um, that story actually goes a little bit differently.
Barney : Great. Funny.
Barney : God, with a wingman like ted, I might need to resort
Barney : To meeting someone in a super, desperate and lame way,
Barney : Like online.
Ted : Online.
Ted : Online.
UNK: Oh, my god! You told them?!
UNK: Okay, yes, I told them.
Ted : But it's not a big deal.
Ted : Lots of people meet on the internet.
UNK: That whole scene, a stranger across a crowded room thing...
Ted : That only happens in the movies.
Barney : Yeah, that never happens. Oh, wait, except you and robin.
Barney : That's how you guys met, right?
UNK: Wait, you guys dated?
UNK: Blah-blah : For how long?
Robin : A year.
Robin : But don't worry.
Robin : The relationship wasn't that good.
Robin : By the end, it was mostly about sex.
Robin : Which was not that good.
Robin : But I was the problem.
Robin : I'd just lie there.