UNK: Blah-blah : It was magical.
Ted : It was so magical.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Except it wasn't.
UNK: She's going to tell some bogus story about a cooking class
Ted : Because she's embarrassed we met online.
UNK: Ai chihuahua! What?
Ted : What? There's no stigma anymore.
Robin : Oh, there's a stigma.
Robin : That's why people always say, "there's no stigma anymore."
UNK: So, she's hot?
Ted : Oh, she's gorgeous.
Barney : Then she's crazy.
Ted : No, she's not.
Barney : Ted, the only hot girls that troll the internet
Barney : For dudes are crazy, hookers, or dudes.
UNK: Okay, she's not crazy.
Ted : She's not a hooker.
Ted : She's not a dude.
Ted : There's this guy I pass on my way to work every day
Ted : Who's all three... scares the crap out of me.
UNK: There is no way she is above the line
UNK: On the hot/crazy scale.
Ted : She's not even on the hot/crazy scale.
Ted : She's just hot.
UNK: Wait. "hot/crazy scale"?
Barney : Let me illustrate.
Barney : A girl is allowed to be crazy
Barney : As long as she is equally hot.
Barney : Thus, if she's this crazy,
Barney : She has to be this hot.
Barney : If she's this crazy,
Barney : She has to be this hot.
UNK: You want a girl to be above this line,
Barney : Also known as the vickie mendoza diagonal.
Barney : This girl I dated, she played jump rope with that line.
Barney : She'd shave her head, then lose ten pounds.
Barney : She'd stab me with a fork, then get a boob job.
Barney : I should give her a call.
UNK: Okay, so please,
Ted : Just play along with her fake story.
Ted : We met in a cooking class.
Barney : I don't know, ted.
Barney : I don't know if I can just play along
Barney : With your crazy girlfriend's fake story.
Barney : Now, if you had said fake breasts...
Ted : She's not crazy.
UNK: Okay. We'll see.
UNK: Blah-blah : Long story short, thank goodness I'm such a bad cook,
UNK: Blah-blah : Or I never would have met ted.
UNK: Oh, crazy how cute that is.
Barney : It's crazy.
Ted : You know who else has a really cute story of how they met?
UNK: Marshal and lily.
Ted : You guys should tell that story, right now.
Robin : Yeah.
UNK: All right. But spoiler alert.
UNK: It ends with everyone saying, "aw!"
UNK: Blah-blah : Aw.
Marshall : Starts with it, too.
UNK: Future Ted VO : When you've been a couple as long as marshal and lily,
UNK: Telling the how-we-met story becomes a choreographed dance.
Lily : It was late August, 1996.
Marshall : Lily and I were both freshman moving into...
Both : Hewitt hall.
Marshall : And she needed some help setting up her stereo.
Lily : For some unknown reason,
UNK: Lily VO : I felt drawn to room 110.
Marshall : As if she knew
UNK: Marshall VO : That someone very special was behind that door.
Lily : And as fate would have it, that someone was marshall.
Both : It was love at first sight.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
UNK: Blah-blah : Aw...
Marshall : I know, right?
Ted : Now, they perfected that story over hundreds of tellings.
UNK: Future Ted VO : The first time marshall told it to me,
UNK: Future Ted VO : It was a little different.
Marshall : Dude, this black-haired goth chick stopped by today.
UNK: ♪ Want to tap it.
UNK: Blah-blah : You guys are so lucky.
UNK: Blah-blah : You know, when ted and I were cooking
UNK: Blah-blah : And our hands touched for the first time,
UNK: Blah-blah : I knew right then that after class
UNK: Blah-blah : He would take me up on the roof, kiss me and give me a rose.
UNK: Which he did!
UNK: Say, "aw."
UNK: Aw. Aw..
Marshall : I know, right?
UNK: Blah-blah : I'll get the next round, okay, guys?
UNK: Anybody would be stressed out meeting new people.
Ted : She's not crazy.
UNK: Crazy-generous maybe, buying us drinks.
UNK: Barney is about to say something Ted : Shut up.
UNK: back from commercial break Blah-blah : So, we know how marshall and lily met.
UNK: back from commercial break Blah-blah : Robin, how did you and barney meet?
Ted : No...
Robin : No, no, no, no.
Robin : No, no, no, no.
Robin : No, no, no, no.
Robin : No. Barney and I are not together. No. No.
UNK: Really? 16 no's? Really?
UNK: So, you're single?
Robin : Yeah.
UNK: Hmm. Oh. So,
UNK: Blah-blah : Pretty and single and friends with ted.
UNK: Blah-blah : Great.
Ted : You know who else is friends with ted?
Ted : Marshall.
Ted : How did we meet?
UNK: It was a good story.
UNK: I'm going to tell it, right now.
Ted : Uh, it was the first day of college.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Kids, to understand this story, you need to know
UNK: Future Ted VO : That your uncle marshall was doing something
UNK: Future Ted VO : That lots of college kids do.