UNK: Blah-blah : Ted.
UNK: College Marshall : This is lily.
UNK: College Ted : No, no, I'm sorry, but I love karen.
Ted : Yes, that is the unabridged story of how lily and I met.
Ted : How embarrassing.
Ted : Who wants another round? That's not the story.
UNK: Blah-blah : Ted, tell 'em.
UNK: Tell us what? Um, lily,
Ted : Will you help us get the next round?
Lily : Ted, what's going on?
Ted : She knows about us, about how we really met.
Lily : Yeah, I know, I just told her.
Ted : No, the real story.
Lily : Ted, what are you talking about?
Ted : Lily... Come on.
Lily : Come on, what?
Ted : Lily... Come on.
Lily : Ted, I honestly don't know what you're talking about.
Ted : Lily... Come on.
UNK: Blah-blah : I know that you and ted made out
Barney : The night before you met marshall.
Ted : What?
Lily : Ted and I never made out.
Ted : Yeah... We did.
Lily : I only made out with one other guy in college
Lily : Before I met marshall, and it was just some random dude.
UNK: I, I don't even remember his name.
Lily : I just call him too much tongue guy.
UNK: What? Too much tongue guy?
UNK: Well, I'm not surprised to hear that
Ted : Coming from unreasonably small mouth opening girl.
Lily : That wasn't me.
Ted : Yes, it was, at the freshman orientation party.
Robin : No, no, no, no, no.
Robin : No, no.
UNK: No, no, no, no, no!
UNK: How much fun is this?
UNK: All of us reminiscing about how we met me?
UNK: Robin, have I told you how I met marshall?
UNK: Uh, yeah, like five or six times.
Barney : It was right over there.
Barney : Here's your problem.
Barney : You've only slept with one woman.
Barney : Those kind of stats are only okay if you're 11,
Barney : But tonight
Barney : We're getting you a new girl
Barney : Because, marshall eriksen,
Barney : From this moment on, I make all your decisions for you.
Ted : I'm sorry, who, who are you again?
UNK: This is barney; I met him the other day.
Ted : He's kind of a jackass.
Barney : I'm teaching ted how to live,
Barney : And... lucky you... I have room for one more student.
Barney : Think of me
Barney : As yoda, only instead of being little and green,
Barney : I wear suits and I'm awesome.
Barney : I'm your bro.
Barney : I'm bro-da.
Barney : And tonight,
UNK: You're going to use the force
Barney : To get the hottest chick in this bar into bed.
UNK: He's going to use force?
Ted : 'Cause that sounds wrong, bro-da.
UNK: No, t force.
Barney : It's a star wars reference.
Ted : So we should make lots of star wars references around girls.
Ted : That's what you're saying?
UNK: I'm not going to cheat on my girlfriend.
Barney : Yes, you are, with the hottie that just walked in.
UNK: Blah-blah : Look at her.
UNK: How much hotter is she
UNK: Than your girlfriend?
UNK: There's no comparison.
UNK: What do you think, ted?
UNK: No. Should I go for it?
UNK: Don't do it, man.
UNK: I mean, think about lily.
UNK: You know what? I don't care.
Marshall : I've been with one woman for too long.
Marshall : I need me some strange.
UNK: Yes! Yes!
Barney : Pep talk.
Barney : You can do this,
Barney : But to be more accurate, you probably can't.
Barney : You're way out of practice, and she is way too hot for you,
Barney : So remember, tonight isn't about scoring.
Barney : It's about believing that you can do it
Barney : Even though you probably can't.
UNK: Go get 'em, tiger.
UNK: Poor guy's going to crash and burn.
Barney : That man is a god.
Marshall : For like a week after,
Marshall : Barney followed me around
Marshall : Asking me to teach him how to live.
Marshall : I even got him to do my laundry once.
Barney : I thought it was a mr. Miyagi kind of thing.
Lily : Marshall, I need to talk to you.
Lily : Can we go somewhere in private?
Marshall : Yeah, of course. What's wrong?
UNK: Lily and ted made out.
UNK: What do you think of that, robin?
Lily : What are you talking about?
UNK: You know that guy I made out with
Ted : At the freshman orientation party?
UNK: Too much tongue guy, yeah.
Ted : And you know that girl I made out with
Ted : At the freshman orientation party?
UNK: Unreasonably small mouth opening girl, yeah.