UNK: I'm too much tongue guy.
Lily : And I'm unreasonably small mouth opening girl.
Barney : Worst superheroes ever.
UNK: Oh, baby, I am so sorry.
Marshall : I don't think you need to be.
Marshall : I was at that party.
Marshall : It was dark and, granted,
Marshall : I had eaten quite a few sandwiches, but I'm 100% sure
UNK: That unreasonably small mouth opening girl
UNK: Was alexa leskeys, not lily.
Barney : Really?
UNK: Yeah, I'm positive,
UNK: And too much tongue guy was colin o'reilly.
UNK: Are you sure?
UNK: If it wasn't,
UNK: I peed in the wrong guy's shampoo, man.
Lily : Aw...
UNK: Blah-blah : You don't really believe that, do you?
UNK: Blah-blah : You swore it was lily.
Ted : I guess I made a mistake.
Ted : Must have been alexa.
UNK: Blah-blah : Another girl, ted?
UNK: Blah-blah : Who haven't you made out with?
UNK: You know what? I don't need this.
UNK: Blah-blah : I design handbags, I'm writing a memoir,
UNK: Blah-blah : I'm a superstar, this is totally my year.
UNK: Blah-blah : Someday the name blahblah will be up in lights!
UNK: And, ted, next time you're online
UNK: Blah-blah : Playing world of warcraft,
Barney : Don't even think about chatting with me.
Barney : World of warcraft?
Barney : The online
UNK: Role-playing game?
Barney : That's how you two
UNK: "met online"?
UNK: Yeah, it's a really... It's a cool game.
UNK: Future Ted VO : So suffice it to say,
UNK: Future Ted VO : Blahblah did not turn out to be your mother.
UNK: Future Ted VO : As for the girl I made out with at the party,
UNK: Future Ted VO : There wasn't a doubt in my mind that was your aunt lily.
UNK: Future Ted VO : But, you know, that magical story
UNK: Future Ted VO : Of how she and uncle marshall met,
UNK: Future Ted VO : It was worth preserving, so I kept my mouth shut.
Ted : I guess I made a mistake.
Ted : Must have been alexa.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Until our 20th college reunion
UNK: When I ran into alexa leskeys.
Alexa : So, ted, remember the last time we were here?
Ted : You and me?
Ted : No idea.
Alexa : Ted... Come on.
Alexa : Freshman year, we were both pretty drunk?
Ted : That was you?
UNK: Ted rushes up from table Ted : Lily, we never made out.
Marshall : I know.
UNK: So I am not too much tongue guy.
Audrey : Actually...
Ted : No.
Marshall : Look what I've confiscated from some kids.
UNK: College Ted : Whoa...
Ted : That is a fat sandwich.
Marshall : I know, right?
Marshall : Chew, chew, chew, chew, swallow.
UNK: Oh, that's all right, honey.
Lily : Sandwiches are strong these days.
Ted : I can't believe I used to be able to eat
Ted : A whole sandwich by myself.
Ted : Now it's like two bites and I am done.
Marshall : Baby, can we grow sandwiches behind the garage?
Lily : Dude, we're 42.
UNK: W-w-where's my wife?