Justin : It wasn't like her not to confide in me.
Castle : Could it have been one of the other contestants?
Justin : There's a lot of pressure on these girls to win.
UNK: And it can get really political between them.
Castle : Do you think it's possible political could turn deadly?
Alexis : I don't know. Winning means fame and fortune.
UNK: No one remembers the runner-up. Besides, people have killed for less.
UNK: It still doesn't explain who she was arguing with.
Esposito : Guys, I got something.
Beckett : One of the girls?
Esposito : Just watch.
Esposito : This is from Baron's dinner last night.
Esposito : That's our victim, Amber.
Esposito : She's laying it on thick for Victor Baron.
Esposito : Now watch this.
Esposito : There. See that?
Castle : Look at her face.
UNK: Looks like whatever good-guy sitcom star Bobby Stark said, she didn't like it.
Esposito : Don't just look at her face.
Esposito : Look at his tux.
Beckett : Black sequins.
UNK: Yo!
Esposito : Bobby Stark's blazer.
Esposito : Courtesy of the costume lady at the pageant.
Beckett : And the broken black sequin?
Esposito : Perfect match.
UNK: "Bam," said the costume lady.
UNK: She's not the only lady saying "Bam" when it comes to Bobby Stark.
Beckett : Does he have a record?
Ryan : No criminal charges, but Mr. Stark has quite the reputation.
Ryan : Three women filed restraining orders against Bobby Stark in the last year.
Ryan : All for unwanted advances.
Ryan : Word is, Stark paid quite a bit of cash to make it all go away.
UNK: But it gets better.
Ryan : I was talking to Candace Ford and couple of the other girls.
Ryan : They said that Bobby Stark had started paying quite a lot of attention to Amber.
Castle : Maybe it was unwanted attention.
Beckett : Maybe Bobby didn't know how to take no for an answer.
UNK: You looking at me? You looking at me?
UNK: Mr. Stark, I'm Detective Beckett...
Bobby : Nobody else around. You must be looking at me.
Ryan : Mr. Stark.
Beckett : Have a seat, please.
Bobby : Yeah. You like that bit?
UNK: That was my Bobby De Niro.
Castle : Playing a homicidal maniac.
Bobby : Sold it, though. Right?
Bobby : See, I got this range as an actor. You probably don't know about that,
Bobby : because I'm always typecast as Mr. Nice-Guy Dad.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I don't think you'll have that problem
Beckett : now that you're a murder suspect.
Beckett : Murder suspect?
UNK: Is she joking? You joking?
Beckett : What was your relationship with Amber Middleberry?
UNK: Oh, come on! Are you serious? I didn't kill her.
Bobby : If anything, I was trying to recruit her.
Beckett : Recruit her? For what?
UNK: Yeah, for my goddess train.
Castle : The goddess train?
UNK: It's like my own little private pageant.
Beckett : And how did Amber respond to this oh-so-enticing offer?
Bobby : You know what, she hadn't seen the light yet.
UNK: But she was coming around.
Bobby : I could always tell the innocent act when I see it.
UNK: Besides, who wouldn't wanna ride the Bobby rocket?
Castle : Everyone, from what we hear.
Beckett : Mr. Stark, here's what I think happened.
Beckett : After dinner, you invited Amber back to your dressing room
Beckett : and she had the bad sense to agree.
UNK: And that's when you tried to make another pitch
Beckett : to get her on board your goddess train.
UNK: But she shot you down, you flew into a rage and you strangled her.
Beckett : You were rehearsing on that stage all week.
Beckett : You knew all of the equipment.
UNK: Stop.
Bobby : You guys are crazy, you know that?
UNK: Okay, well then maybe you can explain why we found
Beckett : this broken sequin from your jacket on her body?
Beckett : Where were you between 11 : 00 and 1 : 00 a.m. last night?
UNK: Ahh...
Bobby : I don't know, I'm a little foggy on that, actually.
UNK: I was partying pretty hard.