Beckett : That guy's dropped more pills than a three-fingered pharmacist.
Castle : I just can't believe that someone who's given so much
Castle : great fatherly advice on TV could be guilty of murder.
UNK: He's a drug-addled predator who left physical evidence on the body.
Castle : Well, when you put it that way...
Beckett : - Hey, Esposito. - Yo!
Beckett : We need to reconstruct Stark's evening.
Beckett : Check his phone records.
UNK: Double-check security cameras at the hotel.
Beckett : We need hard evidence to place him at the crime scene.
UNK: I've got something that might help.
Esposito : Amber had her violin with her at dinner.
UNK: But it wasn't with the body or anywhere at the crime scene.
UNK: So where'd it go?
Beckett : We know Amber went to the hotel. So maybe she dropped it off there.
Esposito : Except uniforms inventoried the room.
Esposito : It wasn't there, and her dad and consultant didn't see it either.
Castle : So maybe she had it when she was killed.
Beckett : And Bobby Stark disposed of it.
Beckett : Check trash cans, dumpsters and sewer drains by the hotel.
Beckett : If someone saw him ditch the violin, we can connect him to the murder.
Esposito : All right.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, beauty pageant intrigue. Some things never change.
UNK: Oh! Here it is.
Castle : I didn't know you competed.
Martha : Well, that's because I didn't win.
UNK: But I will tell you. The women I competed against,
Martha : just as cutthroat as they are now.
Castle : What was your talent?
Martha : The way I wore a sweater.
UNK: Hi, honey.
Castle : Hey, Alexis.
Castle : What's wrong?
Alexis : Ashley made his decision.
UNK: Uh-oh!
UNK: Stanford?
UNK: No.
Alexis : He decided to go to school here, in New York.
Martha : What's not good about that?
Alexis : Stanford was his dream.
UNK: I don't wanna stand in the way of that.
UNK: He'll just end up hating me for it,
Alexis : and this could be the most important decision of his life.
Alexis : So I made a decision, too.
Alexis : I broke up with him.
Martha : Oh, baby.
UNK: No, it's okay.
Beckett : Well, she's right, you know. I mean, odds are it won't work out.
Beckett : She's just being practical.
Castle : Relationships aren't math problems.
Castle : You don't solve them by being practical.
Castle : I mean, what happens when she meets her soul mate,
UNK: but she doesn't risk it because it's not practical?
Esposito : Okay, then.
Esposito : What about Hawaii? Earrings? Ooh, lingerie.
UNK: Things you'd buy a woman!
UNK: It's my 30th anniversary.
Beckett : Sir, congratulations.
Castle : Thirty years of marriage and you don't know what to buy her?
Montgomery : If you stayed married long enough,
Montgomery : you'd know it's hard to stay original after the first 10.
Castle : That's fair.
Beckett : So, what's the secret to your success?
Montomgery : There's no secret. Just keep showing up.
Beckett : Any luck on Bobby Stark?
UNK: Yeah, but you're not gonna like it.
Esposito : Paparazzi snapped photos of him going into the Tribeca Grand Hotel
UNK: at 11 : 30 with a brunette wearing Jackie O glasses.
UNK: At 1 : 00 a.m. he left, at which point he relocated to a gentleman's club
Esposito : to watch mud wrestling.
UNK: Amber left her room at 11 : 00.
Beckett : Where was he between 11 : 00 and 11 : 30?
Esposito : In a cab on his way to Tribeca.
UNK: And we know this for a fact?
Esposito : Yeah, he was tweeting photos of his manhood along the way.
Castle : And that's how you trend on Twitter.
UNK: So the sequin must've broken off onto Amber
Beckett : after he bumped up against her.
Beckett : - Cut him loose. He's not our guy. - All right.
Beckett : Which means we're dead in the water.
UNK: I wouldn't go that far.
Ryan : Her stolen violin? We found it.
UNK: Where?
Ryan : Dumped in a garbage bin behind the hotel.
Castle : Disposed of by our killer! Just not the killer we thought.
Beckett : Did we get prints?
Ryan : Yeah. Amber Middleberry's and one other set belonging to the lovely,
Ryan : the talented contestant from Georgia.
Castle : Which one was...
UNK: Oh!
Joy : Amber and I have been friends since Little Miss Spangles.
Joy : Why would you think I killed her?
Beckett : Because your prints were all over the violin case, Joy.
Beckett : And she had it with her when she came back from dinner last night.
Joy : I held it for her while she fixed her tights.
Castle : They were on the violin, too.
Joy : She wasn't even supposed to be a semi-finalist,
UNK: but then she nailed all her pageant questions.
Joy : It was supposed to be her weakness, but she blew everyone away.
Joy : She was going to win.
Beckett : So then you killed her and you dumped her violin.
Joy : No! That is not what happened.
Joy : Last night, when we went back to the hotel,
Joy : I saw her go into her room,
Joy : drop off her stuff and then leave again.
Joy : But she left so fast, her door didn't close all the way,
Joy : so I went to shut it.
Joy : That's when I saw her violin.
UNK: She'd just left it there.
Joy : It was like a sign.