UNK: When you make that choice,
Castle : when does winning become more important than your soul?
Beckett : I don't know. You have to be pretty cold and calculating
Beckett : to make some of the choices Amber did.
Beckett : Cold and calculating...
UNK: What?
Castle : Amber was cold and calculating.
Beckett : Yeah. So?
UNK: So all of those people we talked to about her?
Castle : One of them was lying.
UNK: Well, then why'd you kill her?
Justin : What? I didn't kill Amber.
Castle : You're lying.
Castle : You've been lying to us the whole time.
Beckett : You told us that she was upset, that she was feeling
Beckett : like she was being taken advantage of and threatened.
Castle : But she was the one doing the threatening.
Castle : There was no reason for her to be upset.
Justin : You know, you're interrupting a dress rehearsal.
Justin : I don't even know what you two are talking about.
UNK: Yes, you do. You got onto the blackmail.
Castle : You thought the old boyfriend was taking advantage of your prized client.
Castle : So you confronted him.
Beckett : We ran your credit cards.
UNK: We know about the taxi trip you took to Jeremy's apartment.
Beckett : So, tell us. When you killed Amber's boyfriend,
UNK: did you know that Amber was in on the scheme?
UNK: Justin.
Beckett : Justin, stop.
UNK: Where you going?
Castle : A word of advice, Justin.
Castle : When the lady says stop...
UNK: Stop.
Beckett : Justin confessed to everything.
Beckett : His last three clients were losers.
Beckett : Amber was supposed to be his comeback,
Beckett : and if she didn't win, he was through.
Beckett : And apparently he found the same naked photos that we did
Beckett : and thought that her ex-boyfriend was trying to exploit her.
Castle : He was worried if they called the cops,
UNK: that her secret would get out and they'd both be ruined,
Castle : so he decided to handle it on his own.
Castle : Unfortunately, Jeremy was drunk.
Castle : He got violent, and Justin ended up killing him.
Beckett : And he staged it like it was a suicide.
Beckett : Once Amber found out, she threatened to turn him in.
Beckett : And he killed her.
Montgomery : That's a whole pageant of bad choices.
UNK: Good work, you two.
Montgomery : Good work, you all.
Dan : Thank you.
Castle : I see a beauty queen worthy of a crown.
UNK: Evelyn Montgomery : Always the charmer, Rick.
UNK: Baby, what are you doing here?
Montgomery : You know I was just coming to swoop you up.
Evelyn : Well, I know how you lose all sense of time when you're working.
Evelyn : I figured I'd meet you here.
Beckett : Do you guys have any big plans?
Evelyn : Dinner and dancing with the best husband in Manhattan.
Evelyn : Especially since he gave me that gift this morning.
Castle : What did you end up giving her?
Evelyn : I followed your advice, Castle.
Evelyn : I thought about some of the things
Evelyn : Evelyn said she wanted the past couple of years.