UNK: Right.
UNK: This must've been what she was so upset about.
UNK: She knew if the pageant found out it would've all been over.
Justin : It is all over.
UNK: But why didn't she just tell me?
Esposito : Do you have any idea who might've taken these photographs?
Justin : With that hairstyle, it must've been six months ago.
Justin : I'll have to check my calendar.
Beckett : So, uniforms talked to the pageant girls that Amber was closest to.
Beckett : She didn't tell them about the photos either.
Castle : Well, she probably thought they'd use it against her.
Montgomery : Beckett, you're a woman, right?
Beckett : Sir, I have no idea what to get your wife.
UNK: Still no luck on a gift?
UNK: I keep coming up empty.
Castle : The best thing to give a woman is something she said she wanted
Castle : when she didn't think you were listening.
Montgomery : What if I wasn't listening?
Castle : Gift certificate?
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : So, according to her pageant consultant,
UNK: Amber was in the city about six months ago for a photo shoot.
Esposito : He thinks they were taken around the same time.
Esposito : A photographer named Dax Lattimer.
Beckett : Does he have a record?
Esposito : Negative, but I asked around and the guy's no stranger to dirty pictures.
Esposito : On top of headshots, he also freelances for adult magazines.
Beckett : Well, sounds like our guy. Where is he now?
Esposito : He's got a studio in the East Village. I'm heading there now.
Beckett : Okay. I'll have Ryan meet you.
UNK: Sure, I remember Amber. Very sweet gal.
Lattimer : I took some headshots for her.
Espostio : You take anything else while you were at it?
Espostio : Maybe some snaps of her wearing nothing but a smile?
Lattimer : Amber wasn't the type. She was all about the glamour.
Lattimer : So what's this about?
Joy : She was murdered.
Esposito : And we think whoever killed her, took this picture right here.
Lattimer : Yeah, well, I didn't take this. I'm not that mediocre.
UNK: Really?
UNK: These were shot right around the time you worked with Amber.
UNK: And we all know you do more than just pets and families.
Lattimer : Hey, we all have to pay the bills.
Esposito : And with Amber's star on the rise, that photo's worth some serious coin.
UNK: A pretty girl like that, alone here with you in the studio?
Lattimer : Hey, you have to believe me. I didn't take this photograph.
Lattimer : Besides, we weren't alone. She was with someone.
Alexis : - Who? - Some boyfriend.
UNK: The guy was a real creep, too.
Esposito : Amber didn't have a boyfriend.
Lattimer : Well, she did when she was here.
Lattimer : In fact, he fancied himself a photographer.
Lattimer : Kept telling me I should shoot Amber in natural light.
Esposito : This boyfriend have a name?
UNK: Jerry, Jeremy. Something like that.
Ryan : Mr. Lattimer, where were you the night before last
UNK: between 11 : 00 p.m. and 1 : 00 a. m?
Lattimer : At home with my wife, trying to rock my colicky son to sleep.
Lattimer : It's a doorman building, so you can check.
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
UNK: Amber's dad said that she used to have a boyfriend, Jeremy Keiper.
Ryan : Keiper. Was he creepy?
Beckett : Yeah. Well, her dad thought so.
Beckett : As far as he knows, they broke up late last year
Beckett : because she realized that he was holding her back.
Beckett : The dad thinks that the boyfriend is still in Illinois.
Castle : Well, that's the beauty of blackmail. You can do it from anywhere.
Beckett : Blackmail maybe, but not murder.
Beckett : Why don't we find out if Keiper paid her a visit lately?
Ryan : On it.
Beckett : Bad boyfriends and pageant queens? This is like
UNK: Debbie Winokur all over again.
Castle : You having flashbacks?
Beckett : It was my own private Vietnam.
Beckett : Our place smelled of hairspray,
Beckett : perfume and cigarettes.