Castle : But that wasn't enough for you, was it?
UNK: You thought, why not just take Amber out of the contest completely?
Joy : No! All I did was take her violin.
UNK: And when I found out she was dead, I panicked.
Joy : I thought someone might find out, so I threw it away.
Beckett : That's a pretty good act, Joy, but the judges just aren't buying it.
UNK: No, I swear!
Joy : I didn't have to kill Amber to get her out of the pageant.
Joy : I found something in her violin case. Something awful.
Beckett : And what did you find?
Joy : The reason she was murdered.
UNK: If these got out, it would've ruined her.
UNK: She would've been kicked off the circuit for good.
Castle : Oh, my God. She is absolutely, totally...
UNK: Naked!
Joy : There's a note on the back of that one.
UNK: "You know my price. Pay up or I will destroy you."
Beckett : So she was being blackmailed.
Castle : Looks like somebody made good on their threat.
Castle : Beauty queens and naked pictures.
Castle : As American as socialites and sex tapes.
Beckett : Amber dreamt of winning this pageant.
UNK: Why would she take those photos?
Beckett : I mean, she knew the chance that she was taking.
UNK: Well, just because you're smart and beautiful,
Castle : doesn't mean you have good judgment.
Castle : I didn't mean me.
Esposito : Just got off with Amber's father. That was a tough conversation.
Castle : You mean, he didn't know about the photos?
Esposito : And Amber didn't tell him about the blackmailer either,
Esposito : or try to borrow money.
Beckett : Well, maybe she paid off the blackmailer on her own.
Esposito : Not an option.
Esposito : Any money Amber did have
Esposito : went to paying for shoes, gowns and spray tans.
UNK: She only had 50 bucks in the bank.
Esposito : And she didn't have any recent withdrawals, either.
UNK: Justin said that she was upset.
Castle : Maybe that's because she didn't have the money to make it go away.
Beckett : Yeah, but then, why kill her?
UNK: I mean, a smart blackmailer would give her the time to get the cash.
Castle : Not if she threatened to go to the police.
Castle : Forcing him to take deadly action.
Castle : Deadly Action. That's a good title.
Esposito : I rechecked her phone. There's no record of any unusual calls.
Esposito : I figure the blackmailer contacted her through her hotel phone.
Esposito : That way he couldn't be traced.
Beckett : Castle, have you taken a look at these photos?
UNK: Only in so far as it pertains to the investigation.