Beckett : Castle, do you mind?
Castle : Why me?
Beckett : 'Cause you're the only one without a gun.
Castle : Good point.
UNK: Okay. Just let me...
UNK: You got a plan here, kid?
UNK: Not one I'm gonna share with you.
Royce : Maybe you should show us all something.
Castle : Hey! Hey, guys?
Castle : I think I found something.
Royce : Just like old times, huh, kid?
UNK: Drop the gun. Now!
Low : The treasure. Let me see the treasure.
UNK: Yeah, I just said that to distract you.
UNK: It was either that or show him my boobs.
Esposito : You got Royce?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Get up.
Beckett : - Ryan? Yeah.
UNK: On your feet. Let's go.
UNK: - You think you've got him? Move.
UNK: Yeah.
Royce : Go ahead, kid.
UNK: Do what you gotta do.
Beckett : Michael Royce, you're under arrest.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Hello?
Castle : Doesn't anyone want to see if there actually is a treasure?
Beckett : I can't believe there wasn't actually a treasure.
Ryan : Maybe we read the map wrong, maybe it was all a wild goose chase.
UNK: Either way, the case is closed.
UNK: Hey. How's Beckett holding up?
UNK: It's hard to see your heroes fall.
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : Can I just say
Castle : how unsatisfying it is to go on a treasure hunt with no treasure.
Beckett : Well, it wasn't really a treasure hunt, Castle.
Beckett : It was a murder investigation.
Castle : Oh, come on. You can't tell me you weren't just a little bit excited.
Beckett : Maybe a little.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : What's bugging me though, is if there was no treasure,
Castle : then why make a map?
Beckett : Well, it's a big cemetery.
Beckett : Maybe he got the spot wrong.
UNK: Maybe "under the gun" was just to throw us off.
Castle : You know, if it was me, I would have left something out of the map.
Castle : Last step.
UNK: So, you think there is another map?
Castle : No. I would have kept it somewhere close to me.
Castle : Somewhere where only I knew
Castle : that it was important.
Castle : Somewhere, like on my body.
Beckett : Do you think this is the final part of the map?
UNK: What else would be important enough for our jewel thief
Castle : to tattoo it on his arm?
Castle : Okay. Roman numerals. Two over a six.
UNK: I'm gonna say that that means two rows up,
Castle : six stones over from where we dug.
Castle : You care to do some digging, Detective?
UNK: Well, did you find it?
Castle : Yes, we did.
UNK: Yay!
Castle : Yes. Unfortunately, when you go treasure hunting with a cop,
Castle : she makes you return the treasure to its rightful owner.
Castle : But the evening wasn't a total loss.
Castle : When we found it, she did give me a sweaty hug.
Alexis : - Dad. - So what are you girls doing?
Castle : You picking out a color for your shiny, new scooter?
Beckett : Tell him.
Castle : Tell me what?
Alexis : I decided not to get the scooter.
Alexis : I realized once I left the precinct
Alexis : how wrong it was for me to sell those lightsabers.
Alexis : But I was so caught up in wanting the bike
Alexis : that I convinced myself that I was just trading one thing for another.
Alexis : But playing pretend with you was one of the best parts of my childhood.
Alexis : And it means more to me than any shiny, new scooter ever could.
Castle : I'm so proud of you.
Alexis : Proud enough to buy me a new scooter?
Castle : No. I made a deal and it would be wrong to break it.
Castle : But there's nothing in that deal
Castle : that prohibits me from buying myself a scooter,
Castle : and maybe letting you borrow it from time to time.
Beckett : - Are you sure? - Sure.
Castle : I can send you to the store for batteries for lightsabers.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad.
Alexis : Oh, and when you have the scooter, maybe I can borrow the car?