Castle : The no hassle tassel.
Castle : These were the height of fashion in 1984.
Beckett : These are photos of all of Carver's clients with a history of violence.
Beckett : Can you show them around his building,
Beckett : see if anyone was there yesterday?
Esposito : Yeah, you got it.
Castle : You were a girl once.
Beckett : Still am.
Castle : Can you tell me why my daughter wants one of these so badly?
Beckett : Bikes are what girls want
Beckett : when we realize we're never going to get a pony.
Castle : Did you have one?
Beckett : I still do.
UNK: 1994 Harley Softail.
Beckett : Worked all of high school to pay for it.
UNK: And how'd your parents feel about it?
Beckett : My dad threatened to send me to a nunnery.
Beckett : And my mom just shook her head and said,
Beckett : "Katie, every time you ride that thing,
UNK: "just remember how much you hate hearing me tell you 'I told you so."'
UNK: You know what this means, though, don't you?
Castle : No. What?
Beckett : Well, Alexis is entering her wild-child phase.
UNK: My daughter? I don't think so.
UNK: Oh, yeah, Castle. All girls go through it.
UNK: And good girls are the worst.
UNK: In fact, I remember this one time when...
UNK: Hey, did you find anything?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : We located Carver's wife, Brooke.
Ryan : She's visiting her sister in Hoboken.
Ryan : Uniforms are on their way to pick her up now.
Ryan : Oh, and Lanie called. She said she found something weird.
Lanie : I found this hidden in Carver's sock while I was stripping the body.
Beckett : What the hell is it?
Lanie : I don't know, you're the detective.
Castle : Maybe it's what our killer was looking for in Carver's office.
UNK: Seriously?
Alexis : - That? - Yeah.
Castle : It's probably some complex code or...
Beckett : The world's least interesting doodle.
Beckett : It's not something that you kill a guy over.
Castle : Then why did he hide it?
UNK: Brooke Carver : I told my husband,
UNK: Brooke Carver : the kind of animals he dealt with every day,
UNK: Brooke Carver : something bad was going to happen.
UNK: Mrs. Carver, had your husband had any troubles
Beckett : with any of his clients recently?
Brooke : Deon didn't talk about work a lot with me.
UNK: But he did say he had to straighten someone out yesterday.
Brooke : He said it got pretty ugly.
Castle : Any idea who?
Brooke : I'm sorry, no.
Beckett : Did your husband keep cash in his office?
Brooke : No. He insisted on money orders and cashier's checks.
Brooke : He had a good heart, but he wasn't stupid.
Castle : We found this, folded up in your husband's sock.
Castle : Any idea what it is?
Brooke : I've never seen this before.
Castle : Just because she doesn't recognize it doesn't mean it's not important.
Castle : Brooke even admitted Carver never talked to her about work.
Castle : - Castle. - I'm just saying,
UNK: my spidey-sense is tingling about this.
Beckett : I can't base an entire murder investigation on your spidey-senses.
Castle : Why not? Our killer was looking for something.
Castle : Our victim was hiding something.
UNK: "The thing speaks for itself." I know.
Beckett : All I'm saying is that even though Carver didn't keep cash in his offices,
Beckett : it doesn't mean that it wasn't an attempted robbery.
Beckett : I mean, these aren't Mensa members we're talking about.
UNK: Hey, Beckett, waitress at the diner in Carver's building
UNK: said that she saw Carver and one of his clients
Esposito : get into a shouting match last night.
UNK: Some skell named Random Pierce.
Castle : Somebody actually named their kid Random?
Castle : No wonder he turned to a life of crime.
Beckett : Random just did two years at Five Points Correctional.
Beckett : And a week after he got out, he was arrested for a B&E.
UNK: This sounds like a real winner.
Esposito : Waitress said that she heard him tell Carver
Esposito : that if he didn't give it back, then Random was going to take it.
UNK: Hmm. Well, I wonder what "it" could be?
Beckett : So, Random had a court hearing scheduled for this morning.
UNK: He didn't show.
Esposito : They issued a bench warrant for his arrest at 9 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Let's go pick him up.
Ryan : Random's last known address.
UNK: All right, you guys take the back.
Castle : So this Harley of yours, do you have any pictures?
Beckett : Yeah, I do, but I'm not going to be showing any of them to you.
Castle : Why not?