Random : But that guard would totally remember me.
UNK: Oh, no, she's got the cat in one hand her gun in the other.
Royce : I'm trying to get the hell out of the way
Royce : so she can shoot the guy with the spear gun...
Beckett : Except Royce has such a giant head that every time I go to pull the trigger
Beckett : all I could think about is how much paperwork I'll have to do
UNK: if I accidentally shoot him.
Royce : Yeah, okay. So you know what she does?
Royce : She offers to show the guy her boobs if he drops the spear gun.
Castle : - Did he? - Did you?
UNK: No, 'cause he had the same
UNK: slack-jawed look that the two of you have.
Royce : Allowing me to take the guy down.
Royce : But I'll tell you what I realized in that moment,
UNK: with Beckett, you gotta be ready for anything.
UNK: Wow, I am seeing a whole new side of you today.
Castle : And feel free to show me more.
Beckett : Do you see what happens when you feed the animals?
Ryan : So, it looks like your shoplifter isn't our killer, after all.
Ryan : Guard at Book Mart
Castle : Maybe he thought it could help him decipher the document.
Castle : Thinking it's some kind of ancient, religious cryptogram,
UNK: prophesying the coming zombie apocalypse?
Royce : Is he always like this?
Beckett : No, it's usually about CIA conspiracies.
Castle : I was really close on one of those.
Ryan : So, do you want us to lock Random up?
UNK: The store wants us to hold on to him.
UNK: Why don't we let Royce take him down to Central?
Beckett : Book Mart can press charges over there.
UNK: All right.
Royce : Thanks, kid. I owe you one.
Beckett : You don't owe me anything and you know it.
UNK: Hey, do me a favor, take a picture.
Castle : - Yeah, of course. - Thanks.
UNK: Come on, old times' sake.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: It's so good to see you.
UNK: - You stay sharp, kid. - Mmm.
Royce : Rick, don't let her boss you around too much.
UNK: Hey, come on, kitten. We got a date at Central Booking.
Castle : He tells a terrific story.
Beckett : Got a little bromance there, Castle?
Castle : What? No. What?
UNK: It's all right. He is pretty hard to resist.
Alexis : - Hey. - Yeah?
Castle : Why didn't Royce and Beckett stay partners?
UNK: She moved up and he moved down. He did his 20 and put in his papers.
UNK: I think he realized that he wasn't going to do any better than her.
Castle : You know, I think Beckett is right about this.
Esposito : This doesn't look like anything worth killing for.
Castle : Unless it's the lost secret of the Illuminatis.
Castle : Or Morse Code.
Esposito : Negative. All dashes, no dots.
Beckett : Hey, guys. Do you wanna hear something weird?
Beckett : We got a fingerprint hit from Carver's office
Beckett : on a long-time felon named Clifford Stuckey.
Castle : Stuckey. Why do I know that name?
Beckett : It's because it was Stuckey's apartment that Random broke into
Beckett : when he got out of prison.
UNK: That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Clifford Stuckey.
Esposito : NYPD. Open up.
Stuckey : - Who are you? - Uh...
UNK: NYPD.
Ryan : Are you Clifford Stuckey?
Beckett : - Clifford Stuckey? - Yeah.
UNK: We'd like you to come downtown
Esposito : and answer some questions about your break-in.
Stuckey : You'll have to speak up, son.
Stuckey : I dropped my hearing aid down the toilet.
UNK: Oh, Beckett's gonna love him.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Mr. Stuckey, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: I wish they had cops like you when I was getting in trouble.
Beckett : Sir, could you tell us
Beckett : what you were doing in Mr. Carver's office?
UNK: Who?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Deon Carver. He was a bail bondsman.
Beckett : He was murdered last night. We found your fingerprints in his office.