UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : I pulled the files from the jewelry heist.
Esposito : Your boy, Royce, was part of the investigation.
Beckett : So he knew about the treasure from the start?
UNK: We have surveillance on his apartment and an APB out on his car.
UNK: What about "under the gun"? Any idea what that means?
UNK: No, not yet. There was a gun club about five blocks from the jewel heist.
Ryan : But it was torn down and turned into condominiums about 10 years ago.
UNK: All right, then. Keep looking.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Royce, turn yourself in.
Royce : Listen, I just need you to know that I didn't mean for it to go like this.
Beckett : Did you kill Carver for the map?
UNK: Oh, come on, kid, you know me better than that.
Beckett : I don't think I do,
Beckett : because the man that I knew wouldn't betrayed me like this.
Royce : I gotta go.
Beckett : I was in love with you.
UNK: You were the only one who understood the obsession that drove me.
Beckett : Who didn't tell me that I would get over my mother's murder,
Beckett : and that she wouldn't want me to do this.
UNK: Just trying to do right by you, kid.
Beckett : The night that I shot the guy who killed my mother,
Beckett : I dreamt that I was the one who was on the ground dying.
Beckett : And that you came up to me and told me to stand up.
Beckett : 'Cause there was still work to be done.
Beckett : When I woke up that morning I just wanted to call you,
UNK: but we hadn't talked since so long.
UNK: You should've called.
Royce : I never forgot.
Beckett : I'm going to catch Carver's killer, Royce.
Beckett : And then I'm going to recover Lloyd's score.
Beckett : And when I arrest you,
Beckett : you're going to realize that what you destroyed today
Beckett : was worth a hell of a lot more than money.
Beckett : Did I keep him on long enough?
Beckett : Uh... Um...
UNK: Yeah. We got an address.
UNK: All right. Let's go.
Castle : All that was just an act? To get a trace?
Castle : Of course.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : - Clear. - Whoo!
Random : Thank God. That dude totally kidnapped me.
Beckett : Knock it off. We already know about the map.
Alexis : - Really? - Where's Royce?
Random : Out looking for my money. Looks like he betrayed all of us.
Beckett : Random, either you start telling us the truth
UNK: or Esposito's going to hang you out that window by your feet.
Random : Look, I'm a victim in all this. I bunked with a geezer
Random : who wouldn't shut up about his 10-million-dollar score.
UNK: How he'd buried it where nobody could find it, not without the map.
Random : But then I had to partner with Carver and the creepy priest,
UNK: and instead of us trying to figure out the map,
UNK: all they wanna do was argue about
Random : how un-Christian it was to cut Carver's wife out of the score.
Beckett : This argument, did it take place in Carver's office?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Which Brooke had bugged.
Beckett : - Seriously? - Call Ryan. Have him find Brooke.
UNK: Right.
Castle : She didn't hear him profess his undying love for her,
Castle : she heard him trying to cut her out of millions.
Beckett : And then she lied to our faces.
UNK: A marriage on the rocks, a fortune in rocks.
Castle : Two strong motives for murder.
Beckett : We showed her the map.
Castle : No wonder her hands were trembling.
Esposito : Ryan traced Brooke to Carver's office.
UNK: All right, let's go.
Random : Hey, hey, hey.
Random : What about me?
Beckett : Have a cheese puff. Uniforms are on their way.
Beckett : There's no one here. We just missed her.
Castle : She was trying to recreate the map from memory.
Beckett : Look at this.
Beckett : Notes she took while she was listening in on the bug, right here.
Castle : She heard them figure it out.
Castle : But without the map she can't find the treasure.
UNK: That's because the score could be buried anywhere.
Castle : No, it can't be.
Castle : New York is basically an island of concrete.
Castle : Lloyd would have to make sure he buried it someplace
Castle : that couldn't be torn down or dug up to make condos.
Ryan : The park, maybe?
Castle : Or a cemetery.
Castle : Didn't Brooke say Carver was being cremated?