Beckett : It says here that Father Aaron volunteers at Five Points Correctional.
Ryan : That's where Random did his time.
Castle : They knew each other.
Beckett : And they both knew our victim.
Beckett : So maybe Five Points is our connection.
Beckett : Did Stuckey do time there?
Beckett : - Nope. - Damn.
Castle : Doesn't mean they're not connected in a different way.
Ryan : Prison's a networking gold mine for criminals.
Beckett : Out of curiosity, who was Random's cellmate?
Ryan : Malcolm Lloyd, a recidivist thief doing 20 for a jewel heist.
Castle : We should go talk to him.
UNK: Can't.
Ryan : Looks like he died of a heart attack in prison, three weeks ago.
Castle : Wouldn't it be funny if Father Aaron administered last rites
Castle : for Lloyd as well?
Beckett : - Ryan? - Yeah.
Beckett : Check Lloyd's known associates.
Ryan : Doesn't mention the priest.
Ryan : Wait a minute. It says Lloyd knew Clifford Stuckey.
Ryan : Looks like he and Lloyd were both arrested for the same jewel heist.
Castle : They were partners.
Ryan : DA didn't have enough evidence to prosecute Stuckey,
Ryan : so he walked, while Lloyd did 20 years.
Beckett : It still doesn't explain why Random broke into Stuckey's apartment.
Ryan : Maybe this will help. The heist that Lloyd and Stuckey pulled.
Ryan : Ten million dollars in rare sapphires and rubies.
Ryan : And guess what? They were never found.
Beckett : You guys.
Castle : I think I know what this is.
Castle : It's a treasure map!
Beckett : We know that you gave Malcolm Lloyd his last rites.
Beckett : That's when you found out about the map.
UNK: I ministered to Malcolm at the end.
Low : He told me he was scared,
Low : that he wanted to do one good thing before he died.
Low : He made me promise that I would use it for the church.
Low : But when I went to the cell, the map wasn't there.
Beckett : Because Random had already taken it.
Castle : But when Random got out of jail, he couldn't figure it out.
Castle : So he breaks into Stuckey's apartment
UNK: figuring he's going to strong-arm Lloyd's old partner into helping him.
Beckett : Only Stuckey wasn't home and someone called the cops.
Low : I called them. I'd been following Random.
Low : I knew that his arrest would give me the leverage I needed
Low : to force him to share the map.
Beckett : Because you were friends with a bail bondsman.
Low : Random had no money for bail.
Low : Deon agreed to cover it for a third of the treasure.
Low : But he insisted on holding on to the map for safekeeping.
Castle : So why were you really at Carver's office the night he died?
Low : Deon called me and told me he'd figured out the map.
Low : When I got there, he was already dead. Murdered by that old man.
Beckett : - Stuckey. - How do you know?
Low : Because Stuckey had caught
Low : Deon and Random conspiring together the night before.
UNK: He told them he'd waited 20 years for that money.
UNK: And they had 24 hours to give it back,
Low : or bodies were going to start dropping.
Esposito : Mr. Stuckey, we need to talk.
Beckett : We're never going to hear the end of this.
UNK: Oh, crap!
Castle : When do Esposito and Ryan get back?
UNK: Soon.
Beckett : They're on their way to Central Booking to pick up Random
Beckett : to ask him about the map.
Beckett : So I made a couple of phone calls.