Beckett : And this heist in 1990 was worth 10 million dollars.
Beckett : And now it's worth almost 30 million.
Royce : - Hey, you ready? - Yeah.
Castle : You can't leave now.
UNK: Come on, Castle, every uniform in the city's got Stuckey's photo.
UNK: And if there's one thing that my TO taught me,
Beckett : it's that sometimes the best way to crack a case is by taking a break.
UNK: I promise I won't keep her out too late.
Royce : So it's actually a treasure map, huh?
Beckett : Castle's been trying to figure it out all day.
UNK: I should've been onto Stuckey earlier, though.
Royce : Nobody's perfect.
Castle : You were.
Royce : You were easy to impress.
Beckett : No, I wasn't. I was drowning
UNK: and you were dry land.
Beckett : All they ever taught us in the Academy was how to do paperwork.
Beckett : You were the one who taught me how to be a cop.
Royce : You were easy to teach.
Royce : Keeping you out of trouble, not so much.
Beckett : Trouble? Me?
Royce : What about that biker chick from Yonkers?
Beckett : Yeah, well, I got her to snitch on her crew, didn't I?
UNK: By offering me up as man-bait.
Beckett : You should have seen your face when she told the judge,
UNK: "He completes me."
Royce : That's mean.
Beckett : I caught him, Royce.
Beckett : The man who killed my mom.
Royce : After all these years?
UNK: Did you find out why he did it?
Beckett : Somebody paid him to do it.
Beckett : But I had to shoot him before I could find out who.
Royce : That was stupid.
UNK: You should've just shown him your boobs.
Alexis : - Dad. - Hey.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Alexis : I got the money.
Beckett : - Already? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: How?
UNK: The lightsabers.
Alexis : I found a guy on eBay willing to pay $2,000 for them.
Castle : But we had so much fun with those.
Castle : We were saving the universe one galaxy at a time.
Castle : That's what got you into fencing.
Alexis : I know, Dad, but I've outgrown them.
UNK: No, I guess... I guess you have.
Alexis : Are you mad?
UNK: No. I'm frustrated over this case.
Alexis : Is that the map?
Castle : Yeah. And it's making me doubt my own genius.
Castle : There's just something I am just not seeing.
Alexis : Can I take a look?
UNK: Sure.
Castle : Found it folded up in our victim's sock.
Alexis : It's got a lot of fold marks on it.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: It's just like a puzzle, or one of those paper fortune tellers.
UNK: Uh...
Castle : If you folded it the right way, it would show you an entirely different image.
Alexis : Hey, there's a word there.
UNK: "Under the..."
Castle : Under the gun.
Castle : - Under the gun. - Under the gun.
Alexis : What does that mean?
Lanie : I don't know.
UNK: I should get going. They're gonna be bringing Random into the precinct.
UNK: I'm just gonna hit the head.
Beckett : What do you mean he's not there? Where is he?
Beckett : I can't believe he lied to me.
Castle : Money makes people do crazy things.
Castle : Look at any reality show contestant who ever ate a cockroach on television.
UNK: It doesn't mean he killed Carver.
Beckett : Yeah, well, until I find otherwise, I'm gonna have to assume that he did.
Beckett : Do you think he came here to see the map like Stuckey did?
UNK: No. Oh, no.
UNK: What?
Castle : When I took the picture of the two of you,
Castle : you were standing in front of the murder board.
Beckett : He has a copy of the map.
Castle : Yes, but, obviously, he can't figure it out.
Castle : That's why he was here. He wanted to see if we did.