Stuckey : Oh, him.
Stuckey : What was the question?
Beckett : Mr. Carver posted bail for Random Pierce,
Beckett : the man who broke into your apartment.
Beckett : I need to know what you were doing in his office.
Stuckey : Do you believe an old dog can learn new tricks, Detective?
UNK: No.
Stuckey : Neither did I.
Stuckey : And then I got old.
Stuckey : You see, I've been a bad man most of my life.
Stuckey : And now all my friends are dead or in jail,
UNK: and I got nothing to show for my time here.
Beckett : - Mr. Stuckey. Carver's office? - Huh?
Stuckey : Oh. When the police told me that that boy had broken into my place,
UNK: suddenly I saw myself, 40 years ago.
Stuckey : And I thought, if somebody had just given me a break,
Stuckey : maybe my life would have turned out differently.
Stuckey : So I went to see, what's his name, Carver?
Stuckey : And I told him that I would consider dropping the charges
Stuckey : if that kid could convince me that he was willing to straighten his life out.
Beckett : Where were you last night?
Stuckey : At home, asleep, or as close as I ever get,
Stuckey : having to pee every half hour.
Stuckey : You should see the size of my prostate, son.
Stuckey : It's like a baby's fist.
UNK: Whoa! Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Stuckey.
Castle : That's good.
Stuckey : Hey, that's the kid.
Stuckey : Any idea where I can find him? My offer still stands.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Mr. Stuckey. It's too late.
Beckett : He's already on his way back to jail.
UNK: Oh, jeez.
Beckett : Call me crazy, but I don't think he was looking at Random's picture.
Beckett : It was like he was checking out that document.
Castle : Oh, you mean the world's least interesting doodle?
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: I was getting ready to cut open Carver's skull
Lanie : when I saw it on his forehead.
Beckett : Saw what?
Lanie : The light has to be at the right angle to catch the shine.
UNK: The sign of the cross?
Lanie : I ran a test on the substance the cross was drawn with...
Beckett : - Don't tell me. - Yep, holy oil.
Lanie : Holy oil?
Lanie : Looks like our killer gave Carver last rites.
Alexis : Dad, go back to bed. Breakfast is almost ready.
Castle : Honey, stop cooking for a second. I want to talk to you.
Alexis : You've made a decision about the scooter?
Castle : Have you ever heard of affluenza?
Alexis : You mean influenza?
Castle : No, affluenza.
Castle : It's a condition that affects children who come from wealthy homes.
Alexis : You're making that up.
Castle : I'm not. It's on Wikipedia.
Alexis : You can't believe everything you read online.
Castle : I don't. But the point is you're a great kid,
Castle : I'm just afraid that if I just give you everything you want,
UNK: it's gonna warp your relationship with money.
Alexis : So you're saying no?
Castle : No, I'm not saying that.
Castle : I'm saying that if this is really important to you,
Castle : then you need to earn the money yourself.
UNK: And by "earn," I don't mean raid your college fund.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Why are you thanking me?
Alexis : Because you said yes.
Castle : I did?
Martha : What are you thinking?
UNK: That she would fold.
Martha : This is Alexis we're talking about.
UNK: She's never met a challenge that she hasn't attacked like Attila the Hun.
Castle : Yeah, but it would take her so long...
Martha : She'll have the money by next week.
Martha : And then you know what you're in for?
Martha : You're in for tattoos, you're in for nose rings,
Martha : you're in for, oh, who knows what?
Castle : Just how wild was your wild-child phase?