Beckett : You don't wanna know.
UNK: So, I might have a lead on our last-rites killer.
Beckett : Our victim's financials show he made several donations
Beckett : to a church in the South Bronx,
Beckett : run by a Father Aaron Low.
Beckett : Ryan's on his way to bring him in.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. Yeah, he's here.
Castle : No hassle tassels.
Beckett : What was the nature of your relationship to Deon Carver?
UNK: Aaron Low : He was a member of my congregation.
UNK: Aaron Low : And a friend.
Beckett : Where were you two nights ago between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00?
Low : I was at the church.
Low : We had a late service, then I went home to bed.
Low : I'm sorry, I have an appointment. So if you'll excuse me...
UNK: Father.
Castle : Those are killer shoes.
UNK: Unfortunately, those are the same shoes
UNK: that were worn by the man who killed Carver.
Beckett : And I'm certain that if we send those to the lab,
Beckett : they'll have Carver's blood all over them.
Low : Look, Deon was dead when I got there.
Beckett : Try again.
Low : Look, I swear. I found him lying in his office.
Low : I administered last rites and then I dialed 911.
Beckett : Anonymously. And then you ran.
Low : There was nothing more I could do.
Castle : Why were you there in the first place?
Low : Deon was having marital troubles, I was helping him find his way.
Low : Marital troubles?
Beckett : Are you sure you didn't go there looking for this?
Low : I don't know what that is.
UNK: Lying isn't his strong suit, a quality I like in a priest.
Low : I'm telling the truth.
UNK: Father, you left the scene of a crime,
UNK: and a man that you describe as a friend was murdered,
Beckett : if you didn't have anything to hide, you would've stayed.
Low : I was in shock.
Low : There was so much blood. All I could think to do was escape.
Beckett : Because you murdered him.
Beckett : No, because... Because of how it looked.
Low : The convicts I work with tell me horror stories about the police.
Low : About how they're framed.
Low : You know, when I found Deon like that, I panicked.
Low : Am I ashamed? Yes.
Low : But you have to believe I didn't murder anybody.
UNK: Father, you'll forgive me, but this is a murder investigation,
Beckett : and I can't base this on faith.
UNK: Hey.
Royce : It looks like you caught your killer.
Beckett : Yeah, maybe.
Royce : So, was he trying to start the zombie apocalypse?
Castle : Mock all you want. Our good Father knows what that paper is.
Royce : Oh, man. Hey, I found this picture in my closet.
UNK: I thought you'd get a kick out of it.
Castle : Oh! Look at you, all shiny and bright.
Beckett : What did I tell you about feeding the animals?
Royce : Listen, I just stopped by to say thanks again for the bounty assist,
UNK: and thought maybe I could buy you lunch.
Beckett : Yeah, sure.
Ryan : So it looks like the bug from Carver's office
Ryan : was shipped from Thailand to a spy shop on Fifth Avenue.
UNK: And guess who bought it?
Beckett : Father Aaron.
Ryan : Brooke Carver, our victim's wife.
Beckett : Funny, she failed to mention that she was bugging her husband's office.
Castle : Perhaps the good Father was telling the truth
Castle : about Carver's marital problems.
UNK: Nothing says "marriage on the rocks" like electronic eavesdropping.
UNK: But does it say "murder"?
Castle : Let's ask her.
Castle : Oh, um...
Beckett : Why don't you stop by after my shift. I'll buy you a beer.
Royce : It's a date.
Brooke : We'd been fighting all the time.
Brooke : Some nights he wouldn't come home.
UNK: He always said he was sleeping at the office, but I didn't believe him.
Brooke : So I bought the bug.
Castle : You thought he was cheating on you.
Beckett : And when you heard him in action, you decided to make yourself a widow.
Brooke : No. At first I couldn't even bear to listen.
Brooke : I couldn't bear to hear him with another woman.
UNK: Then, finally, I made my sister listen with me.
UNK: But what we heard, it wasn't sex,
Brooke : it was Deon talking about how much he loved me
Brooke : and how he prayed that he could save our marriage.
Brooke : I cried all night,
Brooke : and in the morning I threw the receiver away.
Beckett : And when was that?
Brooke : A few weeks ago.
Brooke : We had just started to find our way back to each other, and now he's dead.
UNK: Soon, all I'll have to remember him by is a box of ashes.
Ryan : We got about a dozen witnesses
UNK: that put Father Aaron in church at 10 : 00 p.m. when Carver was killed.
Castle : So we're back to square one.
Beckett : No. The answer is right here in front of us. I can feel it.
Beckett : It's just that there's something that we're not seeing.
Beckett : There's a connection that we haven't made yet.
Esposito : Do you want me to start processing the good Father out?
UNK: No. He might have an alibi, but he's definitely involved somehow.