Beckett : Well, because I don't think you can handle the sight of me straddling it
Beckett : in tight, black leather.
Castle : I am so not getting a scooter for my daughter.
Castle : That's Random.
Beckett : NYPD! Stop!
Alexis : - Hey! Stop.
Castle : I've always wanted to do that.
Beckett : What the hell are you doing? That's my suspect.
UNK: Mike Royce : Okay, relax, we're on the same team.
UNK: Royce?
Royce : Hey, kid.
Royce : Long time.
Beckett : Yeah, too long.
Castle : - Nice driving. - Thanks.
UNK: Mike Royce, bounty hunter. Boom!
UNK: Richard Castle, the writer.
Beckett : Royce used to be on the job.
Beckett : On the job? She says it like I'm any cop.
Royce : I was her training officer when she left the Academy.
Random : Hey, hey, hey.
Random : If I'm imposing on your happy reunion, you know, I could just go.
Beckett : The only place you're going is jail.
Random : You know, I know a guy to get that dent out of your car.
UNK: You let me go, I give him a call.
Ryan : Shut up and get in the box.
UNK: No wonder the guy was getting away, look at your shoes.
Royce : How many inches are those heels?
Beckett : My shoes are fine, and he wasn't getting away.
Beckett : So, how'd you get the bounty on Random?
Royce : I got a buddy at the courthouse.
Royce : Random missed his hearing, I got a call.
Royce : So, you like this guy for murder?
Beckett : Yeah, for his bail bondsman, Deon Carver.
UNK: God, I know Deon. I just did a skip trace for him last year.
UNK: Yeah, and we found a weird piece of paper in his sock.
UNK: I'm thinking it's some kind of code.
UNK: Only paper I've seen people killed for had dead presidents on it.
Royce : Look, if Random's not your guy,
Royce : can I take him over to Central Booking, collect my bounty?
Beckett : Yeah, sure, if he alibis out. But I wouldn't hold my breath on that.
UNK: Castle, are you coming?
UNK: Oh! Actually, I was going to hang back with Royce,
Castle : hear some stories about the good old days.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : But if you tell him about the karaoke stakeout,
UNK: I'm gonna tell him what happened with the monkey.
Royce : My lips are sealed.
UNK: But I got a lot of other stories.
Random : I wasn't running away, I was jogging.
Beckett : So, what were you doing climbing down the side of a building?
UNK: Cross-training.
Random : Better cardiovascular workout.
UNK: Random, you just did a stint at Five Points Correctional,
Beckett : and within a week of your release
Beckett : you were breaking into someone's apartment.
Random : That was a misunderstanding.
Random : I wrote down my friend's address wrong.
Beckett : Really? So what do you call killing Deon Carver?
Beckett : Mistaken identity?