Esposito : and we came across something that might be connected to our case.
Ryan : Over the past six months, Wadlow's been buying up real estate
Ryan : for his next new development in Chinatown.
Ryan : And each time he did, he outbid the same rival company.
Esposito : VCN Holdings.
Esposito : And the woman who runs VCN
Esposito : also happens to own a little restaurant called The Jade Temple.
Castle : Mimi Tan is behind this?
Esposito : That's right. It's one of dozens of businesses she owns,
Esposito : and not all of them are on the up and up.
Ryan : Organized Crime tells us
Ryan : that Mimi Tan's rumored to be linked to human trafficking.
Esposito : She staffs her businesses
Esposito : with illegals that she smuggles
Esposito : from China via a network of Triads.
Ryan : But now she's looking to go legit and she sees
UNK: that Chinatown development as her ticket to respectability.
Zhang : So the fact that Henry was eating at her restaurant every day
UNK: is not a coincidence.
UNK: Mimi must've persuaded her number-one customer
Castle : to plant those drugs on Wadlow to eliminate the competition.
Beckett : And then once Henry completed his task,
Beckett : Mimi had him eliminated.
Zhang : Only, how do we prove it?
UNK: We're gonna need something stronger
Beckett : than just the lunch special.
Ryan : Well, ask and ye shall receive.
Ryan : Do you remember that phenol-formaldehyde resin
Ryan : that the lab found on the bottom of Henry's shoes?
Ryan : Well, it might have come from a garment factory
UNK: a few blocks away from the park where Henry was shot.
Castle : What makes you say that?
Ryan : Because that factory is owned by Mimi Tan.
Mimi : Hello again. Joining us for dinner this time, I hope?
Becket : Uh, no. Not tonight.
Becket : Actually, we were hoping that you could help us a little more
Becket : with Henry's murder investigation.
Hicks : Of course. Whatever I can do to help.
Ryan : Jeffrey Wadlow.
Beckett : Do you know him? He's a local developer.
Mimi : I know of him. Very unscrupulous.
Zhang : Perhaps so.
Zhang : He was arrested for drug charges the other day.
Mimi : How unfortunate for him.
Zhang : And how fortunate for you.
UNK: If Wadlow goes to prison, all his recent real estate deals fall apart.
Beckett : Making room for your company to swoop in
Beckett : and buy numerous Chinatown properties.
Mimi : And what does this have to do with Henry's death?
Beckett : You enlisted Henry to plant those drugs in Wadlow's car
Beckett : to get rid of your competition.
Mimi : - That's absurd. - Is it?
UNK: We found phenol-formaldehyde resin under Henry's shoe,
Beckett : the same kind that's used at your garment factory near the crime scene.
Zhang : We talked to several of your workers
Zhang : who saw you with Henry at the factory the night he was murdered.
Mimi : I want to talk to my lawyer now.
Zhang : Why did you do it? To tie up loose ends? Is that it?
Mimi : I'm not saying another word until...
UNK: Zhu Yin : It was you! You killed him! You!
UNK: Wait! Hey! Settle down. All right, stop it!
Zhang : Henry didn't come here for the food.
Zhang : He came here for you.
UNK: Zhu Yin : He was going to take me away. Free me. And you kill him!
Mimi : I did not kill Henry!
UNK: Zhu Yin : You lie!
Beckett : What do you mean he came here to free you?