Lanie : It's the fancy term for "saltwater compound."
Beckett : That's not very specific.
Lanie : True. But we identified the diatoms in the sample as well,
Lanie : which makes it extremely specific.
Lanie : It narrows it down to a single body of water.
Esposito : So our guy took a swim.
Lanie : Not quite. It was only trace amounts. But we found orthosilicic acid
Lanie : with the exact same diatoms on Ashley Cosway, as well.
Castle : Both victims had contact with the same body of water?
Lanie : - Direct contact. - What are the odds?
Perlmutter : It'd be like finding the same fingerprint on both bodies.
Beckett : Do we know what body of water?
Lanie : No. I would need a sample to test it against.
Lanie : - Castle? - Could it be a small body of water?
UNK: Sure. As long as it's salt water.
Castle : Dr. Cosway's fish tank. Check out Nemo.
UNK: Clownfish need saltwater to live.
Beckett : Okay, but how did this get on both of our vics?
Beckett : Wouldn't they have had to stick their hands in there or something?
Lanie : You see that salt encrustation along the top?
UNK: Yeah. - The pump just kicks it into the air.
Perlmutter : Yeah, anyone who spent time in that office
Perlmutter : would have trace amounts of that tank's specific saltwater compound on them.
Beckett : So, then, Frank had to have been in Ashley's office
UNK: some time before he was murdered?
UNK: It's possible. But remember, Ashley was murdered first.
Beckett : Then our perp was in there.
Castle : That's where he got the compound on him,
Castle : then he transferred it to Frank when he took his watch and wallet.
Beckett : Which means both of our vics were killed by the same person.
UNK: Christina Marx : - I thought Dad was mugged. - Yeah, like, randomly.
Beckett : We don't believe it was random anymore.
Beckett : Mr. Cosway's wife, Ashley, was killed earlier that night.
Beckett : We think the same person killed your father
Beckett : and then tried to stage it as if they were two isolated incidents.
Castle : We're trying to find a connection between them.
Beckett : This is Mrs. Cosway and this is Mr. Anderson.