Beckett : So, what's the verdict?
Ryan : Eric Marx takes the same water taxi to work, too.
UNK: Bam, said the lady! There's our connection.
Esposito : Oh, no, it gets better.
Esposito : Lanie ran the substance on our vics against the Hudson River water.
Esposito : It's a match.
Ryan : Marx gets on the boat uptown, Cosway joins him at Chelsea Piers
Ryan : and they ride to Pier 11 together.
Castle : So one day, maybe they start talking. Maybe about the Yankee bullpen,
Castle : maybe about the attractive secretary leaning up against the railing.
Castle : And Jason starts grumbling about his wife.
Castle : Eric maybe mentions how he covets Frank's apartment.
Esposito : Yeah, well, there's an open upper deck.
Esposito : I figure that's where they were doing their plotting.
Beckett : And how the water from the Hudson got on both of them.
Castle : It gets transferred from Eric Marx's jacket and gloves
Castle : to Ashley Cosway when they struggle.
Esposito : Then to Frank Anderson when Jason Cosway swipes his watch and wallet.
Ryan : - Done deal. - Except it's all circumstantial.
Beckett : The DA will never buy it without hard evidence or a confession.
Esposito : Oh, we're gonna get a confession.
Castle : Not if we get one first.
UNK: So, bet's back on?
Beckett : You bet your britches the bet is back on.
Ryan : What are the odds?
Cosway : You guys really think a jury's gonna believe
Cosway : in such a crazy story like this, huh?
Beckett : Juries are smart.
Cosway : Yeah, yeah, they are. But you see,
Cosway : they're gonna have to do two separate trials here.
UNK: And the prosecutor's gonna have to convince them that I killed someone
Cosway : who I have no connection to and no motive whatsoever to want dead.
Cosway : And to me that's ridiculous.
Beckett : Sounds like you've given this some serious thought, Mr. Cosway.
Cosway : Cute. But wrong.
Castle : You made a pact with Eric Marx on the deck of that boat. Don't crack.
Castle : No one will ever be able to prove what you did.
Cosway : I told you guys already, I only met him the other day.
Beckett : You rode the same water taxi to work every day.
Cosway : And so does a hundred other people, every day.
Beckett : - It was your idea, wasn't it? - Really?
Beckett : Yeah. There's always one alpha in every conspiracy and that was you.
Beckett : Eric was malleable, wasn't he? And that suited you just fine.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : But Ashley wasn't, was she? She was a strong, professional woman.
Castle : A psychologist, no less. You couldn't just push her around.
Cosway : Then why did I marry her?
Castle : That's the question you asked yourself every day, isn't it?
UNK: Because you realized you didn't want a wife, you wanted a puppy.
Esposito : Now, you get a judge with political aspirations, bro...