Rossi : I shouldn't have let her off the hook.
Beckett : Looks like Ashley took her oath seriously.
Beckett : Her husband had no idea that something bad happened on Friday.
UNK: Doctor-patient privilege is supposed to protect people, not get them killed.
UNK: Hey, so the vic's girlfriend? Alibi's good.
UNK: Co-workers confirm that she arrived for drinks at 7 : 15, left at 11 : 00.
UNK: The husband's buddy places him at the Garden from 7 : 00 till about 10 : 00.
Beckett : Which leaves us with Friday's patients.
Castle : Sure would like a peek at Dr. Cosway's notes.
Beckett : Not without a warrant. We start by running their names.
Beckett : He threatened and then killed her, he's probably got violent priors.
Esposito : Once again, Mr. And Mrs. Marx, I'm very sorry for your loss.
Ryan : And a dark cloud descends.
Castle : - Any hot leads? - As a matter of fact, yes.
Ryan : Turns out our victim went for a walk every night.
Esposito : Guess who hangs in the park right where our victim was popped?
Castle : - Recently fired postal workers? - No. Gang kids. Very rough guys.
Castle : - Do they hang out there regularly? - That's right.
UNK: Then they didn't do it. If they're known to hang out there,
UNK: then they're gonna know they're gonna get caught.
UNK: If they're gonna do something, they're gonna do it somewhere else.
Ryan : I know what you're doing, Castle.
Ryan : You're trying to mess with our confidence.
Castle : If I was trying to mess with your confidence,
Castle : I would tell you that our victim talked to her lawyer friend
Castle : on the night she was murdered about a restraining order.
Esposito : And do you have a suspect?
Castle : We're narrowing it down. But doesn't that have a lovely ring to it?
Rossi : Restraining order.
UNK: Restraining order. Order...
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I was just... They were... There was two...
Esposito : - Yeah? Beckett, we got a hit.
Beckett : Hal Ross?
UNK: Multiple assault charges over the last 10 years.
UNK: He and his wife were Dr. Cosway's 2 : 00 on Friday.
Esposito : - What are you doing? - Hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey!
Ryan : - Castle, not cool. Stairs.