Esposito : Darius Carson...
UNK: Nobody calls me Darius unless you my mama.
UNK: Darius Carson : And by the looks of that body, you ain't.
Esposito : Yeah, well, I'm sure your mama's so proud.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So, Darius, according to Regina Cane's party planner,
Beckett : you weren't on the original guest list until
Beckett : you made a last minute phone call to get in the party.
Carson : I'm a fan of her music. That a crime?
Castle : No, but murder is.
Carson : I know you ain't a cop with that fancy shirt and poofy hair.
Beckett : He might not be, but I am.
Beckett : Are you sure you went to the party to see Regina?
Carson : Yeah, I'm real sure. Why?
UNK: We know that you visited DJ Beat's apartment before the party,
Beckett : we know that you fought with her that night, and then she turned up dead.
Carson : I had nothing to do with that mess.
Beckett : Yeah, but you had something to do with her.
Carson : Damn straight. I wanted my girl's bracelet back.
Castle : Who had your girl's bracelet?
Carson : I threw a party at my crib last week. I hired DJ Beat to spin.
Carson : The next day, my girl, Dakota, realized her diamond bracelet is missing.
UNK: Now, that bitch and her little bitch of an assistant
Carson : were the only ones there I couldn't vouch for.
UNK: The bitch had an assistant bitch?
Carson : Yeah, the little punk that works for her.
UNK: So then you tracked her down to the party,
Beckett : and when she ran, you followed her and you killed her.
Carson : No, I told her she had a day to cough it up, or else.
Castle : Or else, what?
UNK: "Or else" is usually enough.
Beckett : Where were you between 11 : 00 and midnight?
UNK: Upstairs, with my girl.
UNK: Dakota?
UNK: Different girl. Kaiya.
UNK: All right, well, I'm gonna have to hold you while we look into that.
Carson : Good. That helps my street cred.
UNK: You guys gonna do a mug shot, right?
Carson : 'Cause I brought my lighting guy with me.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Hey, guys. So Kaiya confirms that she was "hanging out" with MC Thug
UNK: in one of the bedrooms till 12 : 30.
Ryan : And he did file a police report about the missing bracelet.
Ryan : So I requested a list of all the parties that Holly worked in the past year.
Ryan : Of the more than 50 events,
Ryan : turns out that thefts were reported in seven of them.
UNK: MO is the same every time. Mostly high-end jewelry.
Ryan : In total, almost half a million bucks,
UNK: all taken from parties at upscale residences.
Ryan : And I also confirmed with Holly's booking agent
Ryan : that she always worked with an assistant, Paul Travers.
UNK: Okay, so the two of them were a crew,
Beckett : using her DJ skills to access high-end homes
Beckett : and then cleaning them out along the way.
Esposito : She does have a history of theft.
Esposito : So maybe she went back to her old ways.
Castle : But if the assistant worked the party with her,
UNK: then where is he and why hasn't he come forward?
Beckett : There's only one reason. He was involved.
UNK: Paul Travers : Involved in what?
UNK: Paul Travers : My friend is dead and now you're saying,
UNK: what, like, we're like Bonnie and Clyde?
Beckett : Paul, thefts were reported at seven of the parties
Beckett : that you both worked.
UNK: Oh, and so because of her history, it's got to be her?
Paul : Music saved her. She was done with that life.
Castle : And what about you?
Castle : According to Holly's agency,
Castle : you were responsible for setting up and breaking down the equipment.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So you never broke it down last night.
UNK: You left the party, never came back, same as Holly.
Beckett : Only you're still alive and she's dead.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Last night? I wasn't even there last night.
Beckett : Paul, don't lie. She's got you listed on her invoice.
UNK: Yeah, I know.
Paul : A few times this past year she'd call me up last minute
Paul : to say she was using another guy.
Paul : It was, like, her cousin or something and he needed the work.
UNK: I know she felt bad about it 'cause she still offered to pay me anyway.
UNK: I was at a birthday dinner last night. I have witnesses...
Castle : Which of these parties did the other guy work?
Paul : This one, this one, here,
UNK: this one, this one, this one and that one.
Castle : The same ones that reported robberies.
Ryan : So far, only one witness, a caterer,
Ryan : remembers seeing a guy setting up Holly's equipment last night,
Ryan : and she only saw him from behind and he was wearing a hoodie.
Ryan : So we reached out to other party guests
UNK: to see if we can get a better description.
Beckett : So was anything stolen from the party last night?
Ryan : No. We asked everyone
Ryan : and so far no one's reported anything missing.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : So unis searched Holly's apartment again.
Esposito : There's no sign of the stolen goods
Esposito : and there's no influx of cash into her account.
Esposito : So if she was making money off this thing, there's no evidence of it.
Castle : What if this mystery assistant is the one behind it all?
Castle : I mean, think about it.
Castle : He forces Holly to get him into these parties.
Castle : While she's busy spinning,
Castle : he's free to walk around these fancy apartments.
Castle : And since he's hired help, nobody pays him any attention.