Castle : Theory being whoever he's involved with might be in there somewhere.
Beckett : Unless he gave you a name?
UNK: Uh...
Esposito : No. Not exactly.
Beckett : Look, we find out who Joey got mixed up with, we find our killer.
Beckett : There's gotta be something in these files that points to him.
Esposito : Looks like he got his first taste with a B and E when he was 11 years old.
Beckett : Graduated to burglary when he was 12,
UNK: broke into a mom-and-pop corner store along with an unidentified adult male.
Castle : Maybe he's the one we're looking for.
Esposito : No, we're not looking for someone who he was busted with.
Esposito : This guy's smart enough to stay above it all.
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : Two months ago, someone named Shane Winters bailed him out
Esposito : after he was picked up on a shoplifting charge.
Beckett : Shane Winters? I remember that name.
Beckett : When Holly Rhodes, our victim, was 17, she was busted on a grand theft charge.
Beckett : And check out who posted bail.
Esposito : Shane Winters.
Castle : That's our guy.
Esposito : Shane Winters.
Esposito : Trafficking, grand theft, assault with a deadly weapon, extortion.
Esposito : This dude's dabbled in everything.
Beckett : So when Holly was a troubled teen,
UNK: she must've worked for Shane just like Joey is.
Castle : But then she cleaned herself up, got out of the life.
UNK: Then when Shane figured out what kind of access she had at the parties,
Esposito : he pulled her back in.
Beckett : That explains why Holly had to hire Joey as an assistant.
UNK: I just ran Shane Winters. Guess what he drives?
UNK: A 2010 X5.
Esposito : That would have the carpet fibers we found on the tarp.
Castle : Yeah, and a roomy trunk for all your body-moving needs.
Beckett : - We gotta bring him in. - We tried to.
UNK: Unis busted in his last known address. He's not there.
Joey : So what are you? Officer Babysitter?
Joey : You get paid extra for doing that?
Esposito : Where's Shane Winters?
Joey : Where's my soda?
UNK: L.T.
Esposito : You figure you're special to him, don't you?
Esposito : Well, you're not.
Joey : Man, you don't get it.
Joey : I'm not giving him up.
Esposito : You know how much time keeping your mouth shut
UNK: is gonna buy you with Shane?
UNK: Hmm?
Esposito : As long as it takes him to pull his gun and shoot you with it.
UNK: And then he's just gonna move on to the next lost kid.
Esposito : Don't let it end that way, Joey.
Esposito : Just tell me where I can find him.
Joey : I'm not a rat.
Beckett : Any luck?
UNK: Man, I just wanna wring this little bastard's neck right now.
UNK: I'm gonna call that a no.
UNK: So, we got a BOLO out on Shane and his car.
Esposito : Freakin' kids, man. I don't know how you do it, bro.
Castle : Ooh, no, no. I lucked out with Alexis.
Castle : At a certain point, you realize
Castle : you're just dealing with someone who hasn't been around as long as we have.
Castle : They have to find their way.
Esposito : The problem is he's already found his way.
Esposito : He just doesn't see where it's gonna put him.
Ryan : Hey. No luck on the BOLO, but I talked to Garcia in Robbery.
Ryan : We got a tip on Shane's location. You wanna roll?
Esposito : You know what? Let me get this one.
Bartender : Hey, sugar. What's your poison?
UNK: Hey, guys, how're you doing?
Bartender : Hello? What are you drinking?
Bodyguard : Mr. Winters is not taking any meetings today.