Esposito : Can I just get a bag of ice, please?
Bartender : What the hell do you want with a bag of ice?
Esposito : It's for him.
UNK: Excuse me. Thank you.
UNK: Shane Winters : You must be Detective Esposito.
UNK: Joey told me you two been hangin' out.
UNK: Shane Winters : Said sooner or later you'd find your way down here.
Esposito : So he warned you.
Winters : He's a good kid. Dependable.
UNK: Put 'em on.
Esposito : Or better yet, resist arrest. Please.
UNK: Some other time maybe, huh?
Ryan : Do you know a woman named Holly Rhodes, Shane?
Winters : Name sounds familiar.
Esposito : It should. You ran with her back in the day.
Winters : Oh, she ran. But not with me.
UNK: Then why did you bail her out when she was a teenager?
Winters : I got a soft spot for kids, man.
Carson : Yeah, yeah. You're just like a regular Mr. Rogers.
Ryan : When was the last time you saw her, Shane?
UNK: Ah, last time I saw Holly...
Winters : Don't recall.
Esposito : Well, let me help you out with that.
Esposito : It's three nights ago when you killed her.
Winters : You're wrong about that.
Ryan : Mmm. I don't think so.
Ryan : See, when this whole DJ-ing gig of Holly's took off,
Ryan : wealthy clients, penthouses,
Ryan : you saw a golden, diamond-encrusted opportunity.
Esposito : And that's when you pressured Holly
Esposito : into bringing in Joey Malone as an assistant.
Esposito : He'd go into these fancy parties
Esposito : and he'd walk right out the front door
UNK: with a half a million in high-end jewelry.
Esposito : And your hands would stay clean.
UNK: Well, you are right about that part, at least.
Winters : My hands are clean.
Esposito : But then something went wrong
UNK: - at this last party. - Hmm.
Esposito : I mean, maybe Holly pushed back,
Esposito : or maybe she wanted you out of her life once and for all.
Ryan : But she knew too much. So she had to go.
Winters : Look, all I hear you guys saying
UNK: is a whole lot of stuff that you can't prove.
Esposito : Well, we can prove her body was in your trunk.
UNK: Fibers stuck to the tarp that Holly was wrapped in matched your X5.
Esposito : We're impounding it right now.
Winters : Well, then I guess you guys didn't hear about it.
Winters : About the little problem I had with my vehicle this morning.
Winters : You see, I got a little careless.
Winters : I was lighting a cigarette,
UNK: and next thing I know, whole car catches on fire.
Winters : Inside, outside, the carpet, whole thing burned to a crisp.
Winters : I hate to tell you, but there's probably not a fiber left to match.
Winters : Crazy how things happen sometimes, huh?
Winters : So, again,
UNK: whole lot of noise that you can't prove.
Winters : That being said,
Winters : I'd like my lawyer.
Esposito : I need a minute alone.
Esposito : You tipped off Shane.
Esposito : After you bolted last night, you called him,
Esposito : warned him that he was a suspect.
UNK: Which gave him a chance to torch his car,
Esposito : cover up his role in Holly's death.
Esposito : Congratulations, Joey. You helped him get away with murder.
Esposito : Now I'd beat your skinny little ass for being so stupid,
Esposito : if it'd change anything.
Esposito : But it won't because, well, you're so loyal.
Esposito : Now, let's see how Shane returns the favor.
UNK: Look, I can see that you're a little slow,
Winters : But I just said I want my lawyer.
Esposito : This is about the thefts.
UNK: Somebody's got to go down for 'em,
UNK: and we know it's gonna be Joey Malone.
Esposito : The DA wants to try him as an adult. That means hard time.
UNK: All you've gotta do is man up.
Esposito : Man up about the thefts.
Esposito : Then maybe I can talk to the DA, get Joey a deal.
Winters : Look, man, the kid did the crime, he's gotta do the time.
Esposito : You seen enough?
UNK: You still wanna protect him?
UNK: Look,
Joey : It was like you said.
UNK: I'd go in with Holly and lift pricey jewelry.
Joey : The more the better.
Joey : But this time it was different.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Shane told me my mark was this music producer,