Regina : Yeah, sure.
Beckett : So according to your party planner,
UNK: you excused yourself at 11 : 00 to do a costume change
Beckett : for a performance of a track from your new album. Is that correct?
Regina : That sounds about right.
Regina : But I just go where they tell me to. You know how it is.
Castle : Only, your planner told us that you insisted on having a full hour.
Regina : Have you ever tried changing into skin-tight leather pants?
Regina : It's time consuming.
Regina : Why? What's the point?
Beckett : Well, that hour gave you enough time to get to Tyrese Wilton's studio,
Beckett : download Josie's new album
Beckett : and get back to the party to perform your song.
Regina : Are you insane? Why would I do anything like that?
Castle : Because your album sales have been sagging for years.
UNK: Lf your album didn't perform,
UNK: your record label was gonna drop you.
Regina : I've been with Harmony 360 for 10 years. They love me.
Beckett : It's no secret that Josie Lang's eclipsed you.
Regina : Oh, please. She's been around for two seconds.
Regina : Give it a year, you won't even remember her name.
Castle : It doesn't matter.
UNK: Both of your albums come out next week and she's going to crush you.
Beckett : Unless someone mysteriously leaks Josie's new album online.
Castle : Your plan was simple.
Castle : Hire Shane to steal the phone. That way you can get into the studio.
Beckett : The one thing that you didn't plan on was Holly.
Beckett : She showed up and caught you just as you were leaving the studio.
Castle : And you couldn't risk her exposing you.
Castle : You fought, she pulled out her gun to protect herself,
Castle : but you managed to use it on her instead.
Beckett : So you called Shane and you got him to get rid of the body.
Regina : Are you kidding me? That's all speculation.
Beckett : The one thing that's not speculation is that you hired DJ Beat.
UNK: - How'd you find out about her? - Word of mouth.
Beckett : More like your bodyguard grew up with Shane Winters.
UNK: Shane had you hire DJ Beat so that Joey could get in and steal that phone.
Castle : You know what else isn't speculation? The warrant she served on your ISP.
Beckett : That warrant revealed the email account
Beckett : that you created to communicate with the hacker
Beckett : that was going to leak Josie's new album online.
Beckett : Is that enough fact for you?
Regina : My record sales may be down,
Regina : but I can still afford a damn good lawyer.
UNK: You keep showin' up here like this,
UNK: my boys are gonna think you're sweet on me.
Esposito : Not anymore, they won't.
Esposito : You are walking on grand larceny and accessory after the fact.
Esposito : Wow. Now that kind of luck does not last long.
UNK: I guess I gotta go play the Powerball then tonight.
Esposito : This is my gun.
Esposito : And this one will be yours.
Esposito : You ever go near Joey, or any other kid ever again,
UNK: the story's gonna go like this.
Esposito : You pulled that piece on me.
UNK: Now, I had to defend myself.
Esposito : So, I killed you.
Esposito : You understand me?
Esposito : Or should we play out that story right here, right now?
UNK: Ah.
Winters : I hear you.
UNK: Good.
Esposito : Yo, reach back there and grab that file.
Joey : What am I, your secretary?
Esposito : Just grab the file.
Joey : Haven't I done enough to solve this case for you?
Esposito : Read it.
UNK: "Juvenile record for Javier Esposito."
UNK: Yeah. The good old days.
UNK: So, "Assault, resisting arrest, unlawful possession."
UNK: Yeah.
Joey : You were a mess.
UNK: Yeah. But that's all I knew.
Esposito : Dad was gone, my mom was working two jobs.
Esposito : In my neighborhood, you had to do what you had to do to survive.
Esposito : Not everybody made it.
Joey : Is this where you tell me that I need to man up
Joey : and get my act together like you did?
UNK: No. Doesn't work like that.
Esposito : You need help.
Esposito : For me, it was one of my teachers.
UNK: He saw a future in me that I didn't even see myself.
UNK: But it was up to me to make the choice. To pick which road to go down.
Esposito : - I talked to your school counselor. - What?
UNK: She's gonna call me if you keep ditching.
Joey : Come on, man.
UNK: And I'm gonna call you once a week.
Esposito : Check in.
Joey : All right, I'll go.
UNK: Lf you agree to get new furniture.
Joey : You can't get laid on the regular with that junk you have.
UNK: I'm just lookin' out for you.
UNK: Here.
Esposito : If you need anything, day or night, call me at that number.
UNK: Okay.
Joey : You're all right. For a cop.
Carson : I know.
Esposito : Now get out of my car.