Beckett : but when I accused him of murdering Holly, that threw him.
Ryan : And I think I know why. Joey's alibi checks out.
Beckett : Seriously? He was at TV King?
Ryan : The assistant manager sometimes
Ryan : lets him play video games up on the big screen.
Ryan : And that's where Joey was during Holly's time of death.
Castle : Well, then, if he didn't kill Holly, then who did?
Esposito : The brains behind this operation, that's who.
Esposito : A kid like Joey goes from smash-and-grabs
UNK: to stealing a half a mill in jewelry? I don't think so.
Esposito : Someone put him up to this.
UNK: Yeah, it makes sense.
UNK: Sometimes savvy criminals use minors to do their dirty work.
Castle : Of course!
Castle : A Fagin to Joey's Oliver Twist.
Ryan : And if Holly's involved, that makes her the Artful Dodger. Or the Artful DJ.
Castle : Ooh, nicely played.
Beckett : And that would explain why we never found the stolen loot
Beckett : in Holly or Joey's apartments. Fagin has it.
Ryan : That gives him motive to get rid of Holly if she ever gave him any trouble.
Esposito : Well, if we're right, then Joey knows who our killer is.
Esposito : I get this kid. Let me get a crack at him.
UNK: Hey, where's the super-hot detective?
UNK: Oh, you're looking at him.
Esposito : Don't laugh. I was featured in the NYPD calendar.
UNK: I bet that was a big seller.
Joey : So, uh, you must be the good cop.
UNK: Oh, I don't know about that. But I could be your ticket out of this.
Esposito : - Yeah? - Mmm-hmm.
Joey : How's that work?
Esposito : We know you didn't kill Holly.
Esposito : - All you did was lift a bunch of jewelry. - Man, I did...
Esposito : Just save it. We don't care about the jewelry.
Esposito : We can take those charges off the table.
Esposito : All we want is the guy who put you up to it.
Joey : I don't even know who you're talking about.
UNK: Joey, come... I just gave you the winning lottery ticket.
Esposito : Now the right move here is to cash that in, not tear it up.
Joey : I bet this is the part where you tell me
Joey : I don't know the seriousness of my situation.
UNK: How unless I tell you everything I know, you can't help me.
Joey : And then you'll lean in close, like you care about me,
UNK: and like you're my friend,
Joey : and you'll make promises you'll never keep.
Esposito : I keep all my promises, bro.
Joey : That's what everybody says.
UNK: This is a limited-time offer, Joey.
Joey : Not interested.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : I want you to take a look at this.
Esposito : This is how Holly ended up.
Esposito : Shot. Tossed in the garbage.
UNK: Now, you think she deserved that? Hmm?
Esposito : Oh, what?
UNK: No smart-ass comeback now, huh?
UNK: You worked with this woman. You knew her.
UNK: The same guy who has you stealing jewelry did this to Holly.
Esposito : He uses kids like you.
Esposito : And then he just gets to walk away
Esposito : while you have to sit in here and answer all my questions.
Esposito : You know what you are to him right now?
Esposito : You're a loose end.
Esposito : So take a hard look.
Esposito : Because this is your future.
Esposito : This is you.
Joey : You're wrong.
Joey : He won't hurt me.
Esposito : He won't. Not once we stop him.
Esposito : All I need is his name, Joey.
Joey : I still don't know who you're talking about.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : I've been Joey's case worker since his parents died.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Needless to say, it hasn't been smooth sailing,
UNK: Ms. Cooper : but I can't imagine he'd do anything like this.
Beckett : Well, we think that the thefts were someone else's idea.
Esposito : Do you know of anyone in his life who might've drawn him into this?
UNK: Ms. Cooper : No, but it wouldn't surprise me if there was someone.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : His uncle's not exactly a strong role model.
UNK: What about this uncle? Where is he now?
UNK: Ms. Cooper : We're trying to track him down. He may be in A.C. He's a card player.
Esposito : Guy sounds like a real prize.
UNK: Josie Lang : You want the best option for these kids.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : And sometimes all you have is the least bad option.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Which brings me to the issue of what to do with Joey.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Are you charging him with theft?
UNK: We were hoping not to.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : So, I'll put him in temporary foster care.
Esposito : Whoa, whoa, whoa. He's not safe out there in the world right now.
Esposito : The guy that we're after killed a woman.
Esposito : He could do the same thing to Joey.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Then you can put him in protective custody in juvenile hall.
Esposito : I can't just throw him in juvie. I'm trying to gain his trust here.
Beckett : Ms. Cooper, this boy is the key to us solving a murder.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : Well, I'm sorry, but those are the choices.
Esposito : What if I take him?
Esposito : That way he's not locked up but I can keep him safe.
Esposito : And I can continue to work on him.
Beckett : What about that?
UNK: I...
UNK: Ms. Cooper : I suppose I could delay his paperwork.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : But this would be for one night.
UNK: Ms. Cooper : And it means that Joey Malone is your responsibility.
UNK: It's cool. I got this.
Esposito : The kid doesn't have a father.
Esposito : He probably just needs someone to connect with.
Joey : I'd rather have a pajama party with the lady cop.