Ryan : and eventually the guy took off.
Ryan : Neighbor's with a sketch artist as we speak.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : Yo, I got a hit on that phone number written on Holly's hand.
Esposito : It belongs to a Tyrese Wilton.
Esposito : Apparently, he's some big-time record producer.
Castle : He's on the guest list. He was at the party.
Beckett : You guys see what he knows.
Beckett : Castle, Lanie knows where our victim was killed.
Lanie : I noticed it when I was cutting her out of her clothes.
Lanie : Stains on her outfit.
Lanie : The lab identified it as peanut oil with high concentrations of MSG.
UNK: Meaning what?
Castle : She was eating Chinese food and spilled some on herself?
UNK: Except I checked her stomach contents.
Lanie : No Chinese, and they weren't serving any at the party either.
Lanie : So I checked with CSU.
Lanie : They said there was no trace of it in the dumpster,
Lanie : but it's all over the tarp. Meaning...
Beckett : She may have been killed at or near a Chinese restaurant.
Castle : Narrowing it down to every single block in Manhattan.
UNK: Uh, what about the gun?
UNK: Slug is from a.380, but there were no ballistic hits in the system.
Lanie : Oh, and when CSU processed the tarp and the clothes, they also found these.
Lanie : Synthetic fibers.
Lanie : They didn't come from the dumpster either.
Lanie : But the lab is still running tests. I'll keep you posted.
UNK: If Tyrese is so big time, why is the entrance to his studio in an alley?
Esposito : Because celebrities don't want paparazzi
Esposito : taking their picture all the time.
Esposito : - Yo. Did you just do the hair thing? - What hair thing?
Esposito : Every time you're about to meet a celebrity or a pretty girl,
Esposito : you run your hand through your hair.
Ryan : TMZ said that Tyrese was at that party with Josie Lang.
Ryan : He's producing her new album.
Esposito : Yeah, well, she's no Regina.
UNK: I understand that the image of her as a Girl Scout
Ryan : is seared into your memory,
Ryan : but Josie is a real vocalist.
Esposito : Whose fan base consists of 12-year-old girls and you.
UNK: Tyrese Wilton : Stand by.
UNK: Josie Lang : Hey, Ty, you want me to take that from the second bar?
UNK: Sorry, Jo, we gotta take 15.
Ryan : Hey, since Josie was at the party,
Ryan : I should probably take her statement, right?
Ryan : You got this, right, bro? Thanks.
Tyrese : Sorry. This is such a crazy thing. I can't believe she's dead.
Esposito : How well did you know Holly, Tyrese?
Tyrese : I met her for the first time at the party.
Tyrese : I was there with Josie 'cause we been working on her album
Tyrese : and I used to produce Regina back in the day.
Esposito : Can you tell me why we found your phone number
Esposito : written on the victim's hand?
Tyrese : - What, that? - Mmm-hmm.
Tyrese : I gave her my digits so we could set up a meeting.
Beckett : About what?
Tyrese : If there's one thing I'm good at, it's spotting talent.
UNK: Her mash-ups and beat matching
Tyrese : were better than most of the guys dropping albums today.
Tyrese : I was blown away.
Tyrese : I told her I wanted to take her to the next level.
Esposito : So how did she react to that?
Tyrese : She was thrilled.
Tyrese : Said a break like this was what she'd been working for.
Tyrese : She was supposed to call me today.
Esposito : You have any idea why she rushed out of that party early?
UNK: No. It could've had something to do with that fight though.
Esposito : What fight?
Tyrese : You heard of MC Thug?
Epsosito : MC Thug? Yeah, the rapper. Been shot, like, seven times, right?
Tyrese : That's the one.
Tyrese : Now on Holly's first break, he walked over to her booth,
Tyrese : starts talking to her real low and angry.
Tyrese : I could see she was getting upset, tried to push him away.
UNK: Then he grabbed her wrist and said, "Next time it's gonna end different."
Tyrese : Then he saw me coming and bounced.
UNK: I was gonna talk to her about it,
Tyrese : but, you know, I got caught up with some folks.
UNK: The next thing I knew, she was gone.
UNK: This MC Thug, did you see him at the party anymore after Holly left?
Tyrese : No. In fact, I didn't see him the rest of the night.
UNK: So if you can just make it out to Jenny and Kev.
Ryan : It's short for Kevin.
Esposito : Hey, fanboy. Let's go.
Ryan : Thank you so much.
UNK: She's gonna die when she sees this. Thank you. Nice to meet you.
UNK: MC Thug, aka Darius Carson.
Esposito : His rap sheet includes assault with a deadly weapon
Esposito : and attempted murder.
Esposito : And that was just at this year's Hip Hop Music Awards.
Beckett : How did Holly wind up in the sights of a guy like that?
Ryan : Well, whatever was going on between them happened way before that party.
UNK: The guy who was pounding on Holly's door, threatening her?
UNK: Sketch just came in from the neighbor.
Ryan : Look familiar?