UNK: Yeah, well, looks like I drew the short straw. Literally.
Joey : Man, no wonder you're single.
Joey : No woman would spend time here unless it was against her will.
Esposito : Yeah, what about you, Martha Stewart?
UNK: What's your place supposed to be, shabby chic? Emphasis on shabby?
Joey : It's a dive. But it's not my fault.
Joey : My uncle would rather blow all of his money at the tables.
Esposito : Must be why he's too busy to call us back.
Joey : Don't wait by the phone.
Joey : He only cares about claiming me as a dependent.
UNK: My parents split up when I was five.
Esposito : Man, get your feet off my table.
Esposito : Dad moved to Florida with his new wife.
Esposito : Most I ever got after that was a phone call or a postcard.
UNK: - Postcard? - Yeah.
Joey : How old are you anyway?
UNK: Ancient.
Epsosito : But I'm young enough to remember what it was like.
UNK: You must miss your folks.
Joey : After my dad died, my mom kept going.
Joey : You know, she tried to pretend that we were still a normal family.
Joey : She did her best to take care of me,
UNK: until she couldn't do it anymore.
Epsosito : Now you take care of yourself.
UNK: Yeah. Look, man, I know you didn't have to do this.
Joey : Take me in, I mean. So, uh, thanks.
UNK: I'm gonna go grab you a blanket, a pillow.
Joey : Hey, at least you didn't skimp out on the audio visual budget.
Esposito : You know that's right.
UNK: Oh, and I got Assassin's Creed III.
Esposito : So go ahead and knock yourself out.
UNK: Oh, and, uh, put it on dual player mode so I can come back and school you.
UNK: Twenty bucks says you won't make it past level one.
UNK: What... You're crazy.
Esposito : Sit down.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Care to explain?
Esposito : What? The handcuffs?
Ryan : No, no, the stylish shoes that you're wearing. Yes, the handcuffs.
Esposito : Well, junior here tried to pull a Houdini on me last night.
UNK: - Who the hell's Houdini? - Shut up.
Ryan : - Out the window? - Yeah.
Ryan : Down the fire escape?
UNK: Yeah. And then onto a moving garbage truck.
Esposito : Then on a skateboard for five blocks,
UNK: which took him all the way to the L train.
Ryan : - How'd you keep up? - He didn't.
UNK: Shut up. What the... Give me that.
UNK: I commandeered this dude's bicycle. And then he lost me in the subway.
Esposito : But then I caught him at the next stop.
Esposito : Kid's wily. But I'm wilier.
Ryan : Wow. Just like The French Connection.
Beckett : In the meantime, CSU was able to ID those fibers
Ryan : found on the tarp that Holly's body was wrapped in.
Esposito : - Where are they from? - Germany.
Ryan : Based on the chemical composition and color,
Ryan : they're fibers from carpeting
Ryan : used by a high-end European car manufacturer
Ryan : to line their vehicles' trunks.
UNK: Well, now we know how Holly's body ended up in the construction site.
Ryan : CSU narrowed it down to a model 2010 to 2012 X5.
Ryan : I'll canvass around the construction site,
Ryan : see if anyone saw a car like that hanging around the dumpster.
Beckett : So we pulled Joey's juvie files from the Central Clerk's Office.