Castle : It's candy from a baby.
Esposito : But when MC Thug confronted Holly, she got scared.
Esposito : So she threatened to blow the whistle on the assistant.
Beckett : Well, that would certainly give him motive for murder.
Ryan : But with Paul's name on the invoice, there's no record of him.
UNK: How are we gonna find him?
Castle : He helped set up that equipment last night, right?
Castle : His fingerprints would be on it.
Beckett : Get CSU on it.
Castle : Ooh, grunt work. I'll come back later.
UNK: - As long as you leave the coffee. - What'd you find?
Beckett : Holly's phone records.
UNK: She received calls from a pay phone in Washington Heights
UNK: the same days that she was booked for the parties
Beckett : where the thefts happened.
Castle : Well, maybe it's her mystery assistant calling for details.
Beckett : Holly grew up in the Heights,
Beckett : so it might be someone from the old neighborhood.
Beckett : But it doesn't bring us any closer to finding him.
Esposito : Doesn't need to.
Esposito : CSU matched a print on that equipment
Esposito : to one Joey Malone, street name "Monster."
Esposito : He's got a list of priors a mile long.
Esposito : Unis took him down in Washington Heights.
UNK: He's in the box. Come take a look.
Castle : Monster? Now that sounds like the kind of ganged-up thug
Castle : that would shoot you dead and leave you in a dumpster someplace.
UNK: Probably half-man, half-mountain, full of prison tats.
Castle : Or is he quietly dangerous?
UNK: You know, like Javier Bardem in any movie where he's got weird hair.
UNK: Just take a look for yourself.
UNK: Behold,
UNK: Monster.
Castle : More like Cookie Monster.
Beckett : So what do we know about this kid?
Esposito : Well, he's not related to Holly, for one.
Esposito : His father died of a drug overdose when he was seven.
Esposito : His mom committed suicide a couple of years ago.
Esposito : His uncle, Martin Decker, is the one who took over guardianship.
Beckett : Where's his uncle now?
Esposito : He's not at home. I notified Social Services
Esposito : thinking they might know how to reach him.
UNK: You said that he had priors?
Esposito : Yeah, he was busted for breaking and entering, burglary, resisting arrest.
Beckett : Now he's moved up to the big leagues.
Esposito : So, uh, what's the plan here?
Beckett : I'm gonna go in alone so he doesn't feel outnumbered.
UNK: See what he's made out of.
Castle : He's 14. It's hard to believe he's capable of something like this.
Esposito : Not in his world, it isn't.
Beckett : Hi, Joey. I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: Joey Malone : A major hottie is what you are.
Beckett : Okay, now that we've got that cleared up,
Beckett : I need to ask you a few questions.
Joey : You need permission from my guardian.
Joey : Last time I checked, I'm a minor.
Beckett : Well, we're making our best effort to get a hold of your uncle.
Beckett : In the meantime, NYPD policy allows me to talk to you.
Joey : So talk.
Beckett : We're looking into the murder of Holly Rhodes.
Joey : Heard about that. Real sad.
Beckett : I understand that two nights ago you worked for her.
Beckett : Did you see her having problems with anyone?
UNK: No.
Beckett : - You know why she left the party early? - Nope.
Beckett : - Do you know where she went? - No clue.
Beckett : Okay, let me ask you this.
Beckett : Why do you think Holly hired a 14-year-old kid with a record
Beckett : to be her tech assistant?
Joey : 'Cause I'm the best.
Beckett : The best at what? Stealing?
Beckett : Every time you've worked for Holly, high-end jewelry has gone missing.
Beckett : Every single time.
Joey : I don't know nothing about that.
Beckett : Did Holly know about the stealing or did she find out that night?
Beckett : Is that why you killed her?
Joey : What? Kill her? No. No. I didn't do that.
Beckett : We have witnesses that saw you leave the party right after she did.
Beckett : And you never came back for the equipment.
Beckett : So, where were you between 11 : 00 and midnight?
Joey : I was at TV King.
UNK: You left the party and the equipment
Beckett : to go to TV King in the middle of the night?
UNK: You're gonna have to do better than that, Joey.
Joey : You may be allowed to talk to me.
Joey : But I don't have to talk back.
UNK: A robbery and murder?
Castle : Maybe Monster wasn't such a bad nickname after all.
Beckett : You know what? I'm not so sure about that.
Beckett : He expected the conversation about the stealing,