Henson : God knows her folks were never gonna let their little girl
UNK: end up with some tatted-up addict. But sometimes, see...
Henson : Sometimes when we were alone together...
Henson : Sometimes we almost believed.
UNK: She was gonna leave Sam.
Castle : That's why she came to see you.
Henson : She found out he was having an affair.
Henson : She thought he was gonna leave her and get custody of the kids, you know,
Henson : 'cause of the drugs. She wanted me to go with her.
Henson : Take the kids, just disappear.
Beckett : So what'd you do?
Henson : Put her on a bus.
Castle : You sent her away?
Henson : What she wanted, I couldn't give her.
Henson : Checked into rehab the next day. I thought if I could get clean...
Henson : That's where I was when she disappeared.
Henson : Time I got out, she was dead.
Beckett : How could you be sure she was dead?
Henson : She stopped calling. If she was alive, she would have called.
Castle : Well, an affair certainly explains a lot.
Castle : Sam kills Melanie, or he and his lover kill Melanie together.
UNK: Well, then who killed Sam?
Castle : The lover, when Sam backs out after all she's done for him.
Castle : It's not like she could go to the police if he broke his promise.
Beckett : How do you come up with these things, Castle?
Castle : I did not come up with this one. They did.
UNK: Okay, you speak "guy. "
Beckett : If Sam had a lover, would his best friend know about it?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : - Detective. - You lied to us, Mr. Wyler.
Wyler : - Excuse me? - You don't think maybe it's relevant
UNK: your buddy Sam had an affair right about the time Melanie disappeared?
Wyler : That was a long time ago.
UNK: What's the point in dragging everybody through the mud?
Beckett : Haven't their kids been through enough?
Beckett : Don't they deserve some peace?
Beckett : What they deserve is to know what happened to their mother.
Wyler : Elizabeth Forte. Elizabeth Forte's her name.
Wyler : She worked with Sam at his bank.
Beckett : Mrs. Forte, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Rick Castle.
Elizabeth : Why am I here?
UNK: Does the name Samuel Cavanagh ring a bell?
Elizabeth : What about him?
Beckett : We found the body of his wife, Melanie.
Beckett : From the looks of it, she was killed
Beckett : somewhere around the time the two of you were having an affair.
Elizabeth : I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.
Beckett : Do you really want me to start digging around in your life, Mrs. Forte?
Beckett : Because that's exactly what I will do. I'll go through your old phone records,