Castle : Then Sam comes home.
UNK: Banker's hours. Around 6 : 00.
Castle : Figure, kids have already eaten.
Beckett : So, they're, what? Watching TV in the bedroom.
Roger : - In my bedroom? - We're on a roll.
Beckett : - They have a fight. - About the affair.
Beckett : - About Philadelphia. - Things get heated.
Beckett : And she turns her head...
Castle : He whacks her with something.
Beckett : A pot.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : - Or a pan. - Bam! Fractures her skull. It's over.
Beckett : Except the kids are still in the bedroom.
Beckett : He's got to figure out a way of getting her out of the apartment
Beckett : without them seeing.
Castle : Hallway bathroom. He needed to buy time.
UNK: Okay. So he puts the body in the tub,
Beckett : - closes the door. Wait...
Beckett : And tells the kids that Mom went to the store.
Castle : Which, according to the case file,
Castle : the doorman was never able to substantiate.
Beckett : Okay. So, no car. How does he get the body out of the apartment?
Roger : Maybe he hailed a cab.
Castle : Yeah. Maybe the cabbie and the doorman
Castle : helped him stuff the body in the trunk.
Castle : How much do you tip for that these days?
Castle : - The doorman. - Castle, I'm joking.
Castle : What if the body was already in the freezer
Castle : when he took it out of the apartment?
Roger : Freezer? He'd have needed a truck.
Castle : In my building, if you have something picked up or delivered,
Castle : you have to sign for it.
Roger : Yeah, here, too. Delivery that big, you have to sign the ledger.
Albert : - The ledger? - The doorman's ledger, downstairs.
UNK: Deloris Marsh : Yeah, that's my name.
Beckett : I know it was five years ago, Mrs. Marsh,
Beckett : but the only delivery that day was to your apartment.
Beckett : If you remember anything at all about the delivery...
Deloris : I remember I had to go downstairs and sort everything out.
Beckett : What do you mean, "Sort everything out"?
Deloris : I told the doorman I never ordered a freezer.
Deloris : But the guy brought it on up.
Deloris : He loaded it on the freight elevator while I was talking to the doorman.
Beckett : So, what happened when you were downstairs?
Deloris : I told the doorman they got the wrong apartment again,
UNK: and then, by the time I got back upstairs, the guy was gone.
UNK: Does this have anything to do with that missing woman?