Beckett : You know, from the moment I took that case,
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : I figured it was gonna end bad.
Beckett : Her parents led us to believe that you were pretty sure that she'd run off.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Her being found dead and her running off aren't exactly incompatible.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Not with her history.
Castle : Her parents also believe your investigation never made it
Castle : past her history.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : I was on a missing persons, not a murder.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : You have a dead body.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : All I had was a woman with a drug habit and a history of disappearing.
Beckett : And a husband who didn't report her missing for over a day.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Don't you dare play Monday-morning quarterback with me.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Look, sweetheart, he cooperated.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : He voluntarily allowed CSU into their apartment.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : - Anything I asked, he did. - Did you know he was murdered, too?
Beckett : Gunned down on the street over a year ago.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Look, what do you want from me?
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : We had reports of her in Philly with a meth-head ex-boyfriend.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : I mean, it was what it was.
Beckett : But you didn't even go down to check it out.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : Didn't need to. Had reports.
UNK: Right. From her husband's best friend, Charles Wyler.
Castle : - So? - He's not exactly an impartial observer.
UNK: The guy owned his own business. He had a family. He was a war vet.
UNK: I saw no reason to doubt his word.
Castle : Plus, Philly's a pretty long drive.
UNK: Sheriff Sloan : She was only missing back then.
Beckett : No, Sheriff. She was already dead. You just didn't know it yet.
Beckett : I hate cops like him.
Beckett : Guys like him, things only make sense if they fit in a box,
Beckett : so they make them fit and murderers go free.
Castle : That what happened to your dad?
Beckett : - My dad? - I noticed your watch.
Castle : It's your dad's, right? That's why you wear it?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : You find a witness?
Esposito : Yeah. Homeless guy. A couple of bucks jogged his memory.
Ryan : Said he saw a dented yellow truck pull up to the site.
Ryan : Heavyset guy pulls a large bag out of the back.
UNK: When he comes out, he doesn't have the bag anymore.
Beckett : How'd you find this place?
Esposito : Guy also remembered the word "storage"
Esposito : written on the side of the truck.
Ryan : We searched all the storage places on the West Side,
Ryan : found out this one uses yellow trucks.
Beckett : So who owns the trucks?
UNK: According to the DMV, Albert Bolland.