Julian : Blown away. That's why I nominated him.
Matilda : Now is there a reason why you didn't come to me
Matilda : and tell me when he confessed to you that he stole Ella's design?
Carrie : What do you mean?
Matilda : I had a word with Yumi this morning.
Matilda : He told me you've known for a while.
Matilda : And he also said it was your idea to change my calendar.
Julian : He's lying.
UNK: But then I spoke to Mr. Carter and he confirmed my suspicion.
Matilda : You've been gunning for my job.
Julian : What does that prove?
Matilda : It proves that you tried to kill two birds with one stone.
UNK: You changed my calendar in order to discredit Ella and undermine me.
Julian : You don't know what you're talking about.
Matilda : Don't even...
Matilda : You're fired.
Julian : I can walk out of here
Julian : and get hired at any magazine I want by the end of the day.
Beckett : You won't be applying for a new job anytime soon, Julian.
Julian : HUFFS This is ridiculous.
UNK: Matilda King, she takes pleasure in torturing people like this.
Julian : Fact is, her story is as crazy as she is.
Beckett : Except we searched the dumpsters around your apartment
Beckett : and we found Ella's scarf.
Beckett : The one that you used to strangle her.
Beckett : The lab also found two sets of DNA on that scarf,
Beckett : Ella's and yours.
UNK: I'm not gonna say another word until my lawyer is present.
UNK: So what did the DA say?
UNK: That Julian's going to plead "not guilty," take his chances at trial.
Castle : The good news is, Yumi cut a deal to avoid charges.
Castle : I guess murder is not his type of accessory.
Beckett : Yeah. He confessed to telling Julian that Ella figured it all out,
Beckett : and Julian told him that he would "take care" of her.
UNK: So I guess the Fab Five is going to be the Fab Four this year.
UNK: I always thought that the fashion industry seemed glamorous.
Ryan : Turns out, mobsters are more ethical.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh. Why do you think I quit? I'll take murderers over models any day.
Esposito : If only murderers were this hot.
Beckett : - I've got a bit of paperwork to do. - Ugh!
Castle : Boring paperwork, that is my cue to leave.
Castle : I'll see you later?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, I'll see you when I'm done.
UNK: LOCK CLICKS
UNK: CHAIN RATTLING
Castle : Hey. Shall I pour you a glass?
Beckett : Uh, no, not right now.
Castle : Everything all right?
UNK: We have to talk. SIGHS
Castle : Wow. That's something people say before they deliver bad news.
UNK: Um...
UNK: You know, when you called last night about the venue,
Beckett : I was with Matilda. She wanted me to model a dress.
Beckett : And it was a wedding dress.
Beckett : And when I saw myself in it, I started to think about my mom.
Beckett : She would have loved to have been a part of all of this.
Beckett : To help pick out the flowers, and try on the dresses and...
Beckett : When I looked at myself in the mirror,
Beckett : I halfway expected to see her right behind me.
Beckett : And she wasn't there.
Beckett : And just for a moment I thought to myself,
UNK: "I don't know if I can do all this without her."
Beckett : And that's why I said no when you asked about the venue.
UNK: I'm so sorry. It was so stupid...
UNK: No.
Castle : No, not stupid.
UNK: Human.
Beckett : Do you know what else I wish she could experience?
UNK: You.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Yeah. She would've loved you.
Castle : You know, Kate,
Castle : if you need more time...
Beckett : No. No, I don't need any more time.
Beckett : I don't even want us to wait until the fall.
Beckett : I think we can find a new venue in the spring.
Castle : You think we can pull it off?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : I mean, I already have the dress.