Matilda : I'd like to think that they're just rumors, but I can't afford to take that chance.
Matilda : I need to know my people are loyal.
Beckett : By bugging their homes?
Matilda : With their permission.
Matilda : We've had some loyalty issues.
Matilda : So my lawyers added some fine print to their employment agreements.
Beckett : Do you actually believe that's going to fly in court?
Matilda : My lawyers seem to think so.
Matilda : Now what does this have to do with your investigation?
Beckett : Look, given the rumors about your job, it must've been disconcerting to find out
Beckett : Ella was taking damaging information on Modern Fashion
Beckett : to the competition.
Matilda : To what are you referring? What information?
Beckett : We don't know that.
Beckett : But what we do know is,
UNK: moments after she made the arrangements to sell that information,
Beckett : you were seen running out of here.
UNK: You think that I ran out of here to kill Ella?
Beckett : Your head of security says
Beckett : that you're set up to listen to these recordings live on your computer.
Matilda : Something I do on the weekend.
Matilda : I'm a little busy running a magazine during the week.
UNK: Yeah. A position that you're desperate to defend.
Beckett : That's motive and that's opportunity.
Matilda : I ran out of my office last night
Matilda : because I was late for drinks with Oscar DE la Renta.
Matilda : Feel free to check.
UNK: Regarding Ella's threat to the magazine,
Matilda : I never heard her say that.
Beckett : And you have no idea what Ella was taking to the competition?
UNK: None.
Matilda : But if you find out, I'd be curious to know.
Matilda : Anything else, Detective?
Beckett : I'm going to need those recordings.
UNK: SIGHS
Ryan : Hey, Beckett.
Ryan : Matilda's alibi checks out.
Ryan : She was having drinks with Oscar until about 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : So Matilda's not our killer?
UNK: And we still don't know what explosive information
Beckett : Ella was taking to the competition.
Esposito : I think I may have found something on these audio files
Esposito : that might shed light on that.
Esposito : So I've been going through about a week
Esposito : of inane conversations between Ella and her roommate.
UNK: But she did place a call on the day
Esposito : of the murder that was pretty strange.
Serge : - Check it out. - TAPS KEY
UNK: PHONE DIALING TONES
UNK: LINE RINGING
UNK: Hey, it's me, Ella.
UNK: Something weird is going on inside Modern Fashion.
UNK: I think someone's targeting me.
UNK: I need your help. Call me back.
UNK: LINE DISCONNECTS
Beckett : Do we know who was on the other end of that call?
Esposito : Based on the landline phone records,
Esposito : the call was placed to someone at Modern Fashion.
Esposito : But it was routed through a switchboard,
Esposito : so it doesn't show who she was connected to.
Beckett : This directory lists over 100 people that work there.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Lucky I have crazy good hearing.
Esposito : - Listen to the beginning again. - TAPS KEY
UNK: PHONE DIALING TONES
Esposito : I had Tech analyze those beeps
Esposito : and connect them to the corresponding digits.
Esposito : The call was placed to this extension.
Beckett : Armando Montoya.
Beckett : He's an IT tech at Modern Fashion?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : What was Ella doing calling him for help?
UNK: Armando Montoya : We were friends, you know.
UNK: Armando Montoya : To most of the people here, I'm invisible.
UNK: Armando Montoya : But Ella saw me. She was nice.
Beckett : Why did she need your help the day she died?
Montoya : She wanted me to look at Matilda's calendar.
Beckett : What for?
Montoya : Because Matilda missed some important meetings.
Montoya : But Ella was sure she entered them into the calendar correctly.
Montoya : She wanted to know if the calendar had been tampered with.
Beckett : And was it?
UNK: Yeah.
Montoya : Several entries had been changed over the past couple of weeks.
Montoya : All in the middle of the night.
Montoya : When I showed it to her,
Montoya : she was convinced that someone was trying to set her up.
Beckett : Were you able to tell who made those changes?
UNK: No.
Montoya : I tracked them all to an IP address outside Modern Fashion.
UNK: That was the best I could do.
Montoya : I gave her the info,
UNK: and she said she was gonna figure out who set her up,
Montoya : and make them pay.
Montoya : Next I hear, she's dead.
Beckett : Do you still have that IP address?
Esposito : Yeah, okay. I'll have Tech run it down.
Esposito : But why would anyone want to sabotage a fashion assistant?
Beckett : I don't know, Espo.
UNK: But if Ella went after whoever is behind this, maybe she found them.
Castle : All right. I'll give you a call when I get a location.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
Matilda : More questions, Detective?
Beckett : Actually, we found evidence
Beckett : that suggests Ella wasn't responsible for screwing up your appointments.
Beckett : Someone else changed your calendar. Someone outside of this office.
UNK: Are you saying that I fired Ella for no reason?
Beckett : Do you know why someone would have done this to her?
UNK: No.
Matilda : But I do know why someone would want to do this to me.
Carrie : What do you mean?
UNK: Ever since Glen Carter bought Modern Fashion,
Matilda : the sharks have been circling.
Matilda : They smell blood.
Beckett : So the calendar mistakes made you look bad at a critical time.
UNK: - PHONE CHIMES - Excuse me.
Matilda : Oh, this is just what I need.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Matilda : I have to make a decision in the next half hour
UNK: about a dress this issue, and the model didn't show up.
Matilda : Detective Beckett,
UNK: you said "no" to me years ago when I offered you a job.
Matilda : Might you do a little favor for me now?
MARTHA : Oh! Richard, look at these beautiful antique chandeliers.
Leslie : So if you're interested,
Leslie : I have a couple of slots for fall 2015 still open.
Castle : Excuse me, did you say fall 2015?
Leslie : That's correct.
Castle : When we spoke on the phone, I thought we were speaking of this fall.
Leslie : No way. That's been booked for months.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Leslie : Excuse me, but I have to take this call.
Leslie : Look around and I'll be right back.