Esposito : When we found out he was former Special Forces.
UNK: And, not to mention, the head of security at Modern Fashion.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Ella was being spied on by her own magazine?
UNK: - PHONE CHIMES - Uh...
Castle : Oh, Beckett, we have that appointment at The Cordova House.
Beckett : Castle, I'm sorry. Duty calls.
Beckett : Can you go without me?
Beckett : And see if it's as good as the pictures.
Castle : You trust me to make this decision on my own?
Beckett : Can you go with Martha?
UNK: CHUCKLES
Beckett : We have to bring James Kavanaugh in.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: James Kavanaugh : I'm in the security business. I buy lots of equipment.
Esposito : Yeah, well, this equipment
Esposito : was a listening device that you installed in Ella Hayes' apartment.
Kavanaugh : If you think that, you're mistaken.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Because we showed your picture to the super at Ella's building,
Beckett : and he identified you as the exterminator he let into her apartment.
Kavanaugh : I had nothing to do with what happened to Ella Hayes.
Beckett : You broke into her place, you wired it for sound,
Beckett : and now she's dead.
Esposito : James. Think about how that looks, bro.
Beckett : Your best bet is to tell us exactly what you know.
Kavanaugh : All I did was bug her place, okay?
Beckett : I mean, once Glen Carter bought the magazine,
Kavanaugh : home monitoring got to be a common practice.
UNK: So Glen Carter ordered the surveillance?
Kavanaugh : No. No, he didn't know anything about it.
Kavanaugh : It was ordered by Matilda King.
Beckett : Matilda King?
Beckett : You sure about that?
Kavanaugh : Yes, I'm sure.
Kavanaugh : She got all freaked out about someone coming after her job.
Kavanaugh : So she said she didn't know who she could trust anymore.
Esposito : Okay, so who monitored the audio from Ella's apartment?
Kavanaugh : Matilda had me set it up so that it fed directly to her computer.
Esposito : You realize what this means?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Ella called Marcus Conway on the landline,
Beckett : told him she could take down the magazine,
Beckett : and Matilda heard the whole thing.
UNK: Okay, thank you very much.
UNK: So, the guard in the lobby of the Modern Fashion building
UNK: saw Matilda leave there last night at 11 : 30.
UNK: And she was in a big hurry.
UNK: 11 : 30?
UNK: That's right after Ella called Marcus Conway.
UNK: Matilda knew that Ella was about to spill the beans
UNK: and bring down the magazine.
Beckett : So Matilda went to stop her.
UNK: She's our killer.
Carrie : Wait, wait, wait! She's on a call.
Beckett : She can call back.
MATILDA : Glen, this magazine is not about tweets,
Matilda : or likes on Facebook, for God's sake!
Matilda : For 57 years, women have been purchasing this magazine
Matilda : for the fashion!
GLEN : ON SPEAKERPHONE Matilda, please...
Matilda : Whenever they've had a bad day at work or at home,
Matilda : they've come to us, we are their escape.
Matilda : We are their fantasy!
Matilda : It's the clothing that stitches it all together!
Matilda : That's what matters!
GLEN : We're done here.
UNK: Glen!
UNK: Glen?
Matilda : Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there.
UNK: EXHALES
Beckett : You've got a hell of a temper, Ms. King.
UNK: It's not temper. It's frustration.
UNK: Glen Carter, our new owner, cares more about money than fashion.
UNK: Is that why you were paranoid he was gonna replace you?
Matilda : I don't know what you've heard, but I'm Matilda King.
Matilda : My name is synonymous with this magazine.
Matilda : He wouldn't dare replace me.
Beckett : So then why did you order the monitoring
UNK: of all of your employees' conversations
Beckett : the moment that he bought the magazine?
UNK: HUFFS
Matilda : You are quite the detective.
Matilda : Take a seat.
Matilda : Yes, since the purchase, rumors have been swirling.