Beckett : Did you recognize him?
Grace : I'd never seen him before.
Grace : But I overheard them and he was threatening her.
Grace : He said she had something he wanted
Grace : and he wouldn't take "no" for an answer.
Beckett : And what was her reaction?
UNK: She said she was gonna call the police if he didn't leave her the hell alone.
Grace : And then he stormed off.
Grace : I tried to ask her what it was all about, but she wouldn't tell me.
Beckett : Do you remember him well enough to help us with a sketch?
Grace : I think so.
UNK: Okay. This is the guy who threatened Ella.
Castle : So you believe Grace's story?
Beckett : Her alibi checks out
Beckett : and unis found two witnesses that saw him arguing with Ella.
Castle : Ella was basically a glorified assistant.
Castle : What could she possibly have had that this man wanted?
Beckett : Think about it, Castle. Matilda King is the most influential person in fashion.
Beckett : And Ella had direct access to her world.
Castle : So, you're saying this man leveraged Ella
UNK: to find out what direction hemlines are going next season?
Castle : Oh! I just came up with a new title.
Castle : Murder is the New Black.
Beckett : Does that even make sense?
RYAN : No, it doesn't. And here's something else that doesn't make sense.
Beckett : Did you guys find something at Ella's apartment?
RYAN : You could say that.
UNK: I went to use the landline and I noticed some static when I got near a lamp.
Esposito : When we popped the lamp open, look what we found inside.
Beckett : A bug?
Beckett : Why would someone bug Ella's apartment?
CASTLE : Because
UNK: she's La Femme Nikita
Castle : and her job at Modern Fashion is just a cover.
Beckett : She's not La Femme Nikita.
UNK: Still, wire-taps? Threats from mysterious men?
Castle : Murder? Whatever's going on here, it's bigger than fashion.
UNK: Okay. See if you can get a serial number.
Beckett : Let's figure out who bought that bug.
UNK: Yep.
Castle : All right. Thank you very much.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : That was the event planner at The Cordova House,
Castle : they said they still have a few spots open in the fall.
Castle : She can give us a tour tonight.
Beckett : Woo-hoo! Let's do it.
Castle : So, where are we on Watergate?
Beckett : So the plot thickens.
Beckett : The building manager at Ella's apartment
Beckett : remembers letting an exterminator into her place about a month ago.
Castle : Usually exterminators get rid of bugs.
Beckett : Only, this one didn't.
Beckett : The company that he worked for doesn't exist.
Beckett : What is this about, Castle?
Beckett : Why would someone target Ella?
Castle : Well, you already heard and rejected my theory.
Beckett : Yeah, but your theory doesn't explain the little detail that Lanie just found out.
Beckett : There's black coral on the sole of Ella's shoe.
Beckett : And it wasn't from the dumpster.
Castle : That doesn't make any sense. Black coral is found in the tropics.
UNK: Exactly. So how did this end up on her shoe?
Esposito : - Yo, Beckett. - And Castle.
UNK: Sure.
Esposito : So no luck on the serial number,
Esposito : but we got a hit off the canvass of the crime scene.
Esposito : A seamstress coming off the late shift saw a guy waiting on the corner
Esposito : right near the alley where Ella was killed.
Beckett : We get a description?
Esposito : Yeah. And he matches our sketch.
UNK: Teresa Gomez : Yes, that's him.
UNK: Teresa Gomez : He was standing by the alley outside the Broadway coffee shop
UNK: Teresa Gomez : when I walked by.
Beckett : And what time was this?
Teresa : Just after midnight.
Castle : Do you recall how tall he was? What he wore?
Teresa : Fabric is my business. He wore a dark suit.
UNK: Nice quality, wool-blend.
Teresa : Oh, and he had a distinctive striped tie.
Teresa : Crimson and navy, with gold triangles across the stripes.
Beckett : That sounds like a club tie.
Teresa : Crimson and navy. Yes, I know that one.
Teresa : Gold triangles...
Castle : That's the Carlton Club tie.
Castle : If we can match that sketch to one of its members, we got our ID.
Beckett : Yeah, except clubs like that
Beckett : are notoriously protective of keeping their members' privacy.
UNK: They're not just gonna hand over that information.
Castle : The club won't, no, but one of its members might.
Castle : After a tough negotiation that involved my Knicks tickets
Castle : and naming a character in my next book after his Nana,
Castle : my friend came up with a name. Marcus Conway.
Beckett : Okay. So what do we know about him?
Castle : He is a lawyer at Kellerman Goodfriend.
Beckett : That's one of the city's biggest law firms.
UNK: Why is a high-powered lawyer going after Ella?
Esposito : Maybe it has to do with her work.
Esposito : Turns out that Marcus Conway
UNK: is general counsel for Couture Chick magazine.
UNK: That's "chic." And not that you would know,
UNK: but they are Modern Fashion's biggest competitor.
Beckett : Call Conway's firm. I want to know where he is.
UNK: Detective, I would think very carefully