Esposito : features dresses embellished with coral.
Esposito : And in addition to the fact that this model is hot,
Esposito : she's wearing black coral.
Castle : The same kind of coral that Lanie found stuck to the bottom of Ella's shoe.
Beckett : Let's go.
UNK: I'm probably gonna have to call her in for an interrogation.
YUMI : No, sweetie. You tell Little Miss All That
Yumi : Yumi says there's only one diva in this room.
Yumi : If she doesn't want to wear the pink Louboutins,
Yumi : she is out of the show!
UNK: Models.
UNK: The lack of food makes them so very fraught.
Beckett : - Uh, Mr. Yumi... - Please. Just Yumi.
Becket : Okay, Yumi.
Esposito : When was the last time you saw Ella Hayes?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ella Hayes?
Castle : Matilda's assistant? The girl who was killed?
Yumi : Yes, of course.
Beckett : We have reason to believe that she was here last night.
Yumi : Yes. She was.
Beckett : Why was she here?
UNK: STAMMERING She came to ask me for a job.
UNK: Really?
UNK: I told her I wanted to help,
Yumi : but there was absolutely nothing I could do.
Yumi : When Matilda King fires someone, they are radioactive.
Carrie : Do you have any idea why she was fired?
UNK: No.
Beckett : I think you do.
Beckett : Someone changed Matilda King's calendar.
Beckett : Matilda thought it was Ella, but it wasn't Ella.
Beckett : It was someone from your studio.
Castle : We traced the IP address. So did Ella.
Castle : That's what she was doing here last night.
Castle : She wasn't asking for a job.
Castle : She was looking to find who made those changes.
Castle : Who ruined her career.
Beckett : And given the fact that you just lied to us, I am guessing it was you.
UNK: Me? LAUGHS
Yumi : Do you have any idea how powerful Matilda King is in the fashion industry?
Yumi : My design is a Fab Five winner!
Yumi : Matilda's about to make me famous.
Yumi : Messing with her would be career suicide.
UNK: What could possibly be my motive?
CASTLE : It's simple.
Castle : You needed to get her fired. You needed to discredit her.
Yumi : Why on Earth would I do that?
Castle : Because your winning Fab Five design
Castle : isn't yours.
CASTLE : From Ella's sketchbook. They're exactly the same.
Yumi : Ella was an aspiring designer. She must've copied me.
Beckett : No, Ella's roommate saw her making those sketches months ago.
Yumi : Okay, then if you found it in her sketchbook, then how did I get it?
Beckett : Matilda's other assistant, Grace,
Beckett : confirmed seeing Ella give you copies of her sketches.
Beckett : Apparently, you had them on you
Beckett : when you went in on your Fab Five pitch meeting.
CASTLE : And from there the story writes itself.
Castle : You showed your designs,
Castle : and they just weren't good enough to make the cut.
Castle : But then the artistic director sees these in your bag.
Castle : The fresh, stunning raw talent. Perfect for the Fab Five.
Beckett : Except they weren't your designs.
CASTLE : But only two people knew that.
Castle : You and Ella.
Castle : And being a Fab Five designer could literally make your career.
Castle : So you made a choice.
BECKETT : Once you were chosen for the Fab Five,
Beckett : you realized that Ella would know you had stolen her designs.
Beckett : You had to discredit her so that no one would believe her.
Yumi : I want a lawyer.
UNK: Ella must've confronted Yumi at his studio.
UNK: If she threatened to expose the whole scandal, his career would be over.
Castle : He had to kill her to hide the truth.
Beckett : Yeah, that all makes sense.
Beckett : Now we just have to connect him to the crime scene.
UNK: Only one problem. You can't.
Ryan : Yumi didn't kill Ella.
Beckett : How do you know?
Ryan : Multiple employees saw Ella confront Yumi.
Ryan : But after she took off, he was at the studio until 3 : 00 a.m.
Ryan : He never left.
Beckett : Are you sure?
UNK: His alibi is rock-solid.
Castle : But we know someone changed Matilda's calendar from that studio,
Castle : he has to be involved somehow.
Ryan : I think someone else was too.
Ryan : I went through Yumi's phone records.
Ryan : And after Ella left, he made half a dozen phone calls
Ryan : to Modern Fashion.
Matilda : Such beautiful designs.
Matilda : After all this time. I had no idea.
Matilda : If she knew these designs had been stolen,
Matilda : why didn't she come to me?
Beckett : Maybe she didn't think you'd listen.
Beckett : At least, not to someone like her.
Beckett : Maybe she just wanted revenge.
UNK: She would've gotten it.
UNK: If Couture Chic exposed that our Fab Five list was corrupt,