UNK: SCOFFS Matilda, these designers are barely out of diapers.
UNK: Excuse me. Sorry.
UNK: We're investigating a murder here.
Matilda : A murder? Of whom?
Castle : Your former assistant, Ella.
UNK: Oh, Ella's dead? How?
Castle : That's what we're trying to figure out.
Castle : Now, do you know if she had any problems?
Julian : You don't think this had anything to do with that incident with Grace?
Beckett : What incident?
Castle : And who's Grace?
Matilda : Grace is my other assistant, whom I fired
Matilda : because she allowed the scheduling mistakes to happen.
Beckett : And what was the incident?
Julian : Well, apparently, yesterday, when Ella and Grace
Julian : were escorted out of the building by security,
Julian : they literally got into a brawl right in the middle of a photo shoot.
Julian : The photographer, Serge, had to break it up.
SERGE : Yeah, the two of them really went at it.
UNK: I mean, it was a full-on cat fight.
Serge : It was actually kind of sexy.
UNK: What exactly was the fight about?
Serge : It was about the job. Okay?
Serge : I overheard Grace blame Ella for getting her fired.
Yumi : Serge, how long will this take?
Yumi : I'm up against a deadline to finish my design.
Serge : You'll be here as long as it takes to make Matilda happy.
UNK: SIGHS
Serge : The mantra we all live by.
Beckett : Do you remember any other details about the fight?
Serge : I can do better than that. I can show you some of it.
Serge : I was shooting at the time,
Serge : and got a few frames with them in the background.
Serge : There, check it out.
Castle : Can you zoom in on that?
UNK: Sure.
CASTLE : Check out Grace's scarf.
Beckett : Lanie said she found blue hairs on Ella's neck, from being strangled.
Castle : Looks like Grace was dressed to kill.
GRACE : Look.
Grace : I grew up reading Modern Fashion.
Grace : Working for Matilda King? That was my dream.
Grace : But when Matilda fires someone, people remember,
Grace : which means my career in fashion is pretty much done.
Grace : Thanks to Ella.
Beckett : Because you believed it was her fault that you got fired.
Beckett : It was her fault.
Grace : She started making mistakes because she was so busy
Grace : sucking up to designers like Yumi, and showing off her sketches.
Grace : And I paid the price.
Beckett : Which is why you killed her.
UNK: What are you even talking about?
UNK: We got in a fight. That was it.
UNK: Okay, okay. Then explain this.
Beckett : This blue alpaca scarf was found at your apartment.
Beckett : It's an exact match to the hairs found on Ella's neck
Beckett : after she was strangled.
Grace : Come on. Other people have that scarf.
UNK: Yeah. But you're the only one with motive.
Grace : It was the Christmas gift from Modern Fashion.
Grace : We all got the scarf.
Grace : Maybe Ella was wearing hers and someone choked her with it.
Beckett : Where were you between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m., Grace?
Grace : I'd just gotten fired.
UNK: Some friends took me out and got me drunk.
Grace : - You can ask them. - I will.
Beckett : In the meantime, let's talk about Ella.
UNK: Her roommate thought that she was having trouble at the office.
Beckett : You worked with her. Do you know what it was?
Grace : Actually there was something else.
UNK: A few days ago, at lunch time,
Grace : I saw her arguing with this guy outside the building.