UNK: Ugh! Well, it is a beautiful venue.
UNK: And it's a long time to wait.
UNK: Mmm. And a long time to plan.
Castle : I just feel like I've waited long enough, Mother.
Castle : I don't want to waste any more time before we take the next step.
Martha : Then don't.
Martha : I'm sure there's another venue out there
Martha : that the two of you will just fall in love with.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : Thank you.
Leslie : Okay, this never happens,
UNK: but the Friedmans just called off their wedding,
Leslie : and we now have an opening for spring.
UNK: Spring 2016?
Leslie : No, this spring!
Leslie : I have a long list of couples that would snatch this up immediately.
Leslie : But since you're here...
Matilda : Do you need any help in there?
BECKETT : No. But you know what, when you asked me
Beckett : to try on a dress and I said "yes,"
Beckett : I had no idea it was gonna be this kind of a dress.
Beckett : What do you think?
Matilda : It's amazing.
UNK: Yeah.
Matilda : The embroidery.
Matilda : And the Austrian crystal.
UNK: It's just heavenly.
Beckett : Yeah. It is, isn't it?
UNK: Come.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : This probably would have looked better on the model that didn't show up.
Matilda : No, don't be silly, it's perfect on you.
Matilda : Trust me, I'm an expert.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Matilda : In fact, if I had a daughter,
Matilda : this is exactly the kind of dress I would want for her.
Beckett : You are going to make a beautiful bride someday.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Matilda, we're ready for the accessories spread in the conference room.
Matilda : Excuse me. I'll be back in five minutes.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : - How's the venue? - CASTLE : Oh-ho!
UNK: Amazing. Yeah. So amazing.
Castle : And they didn't have any spots open until fall of 2015.
Castle : But a couple just broke up,
Castle : and their unfortunate misery can be our lifelong joy.
Castle : We can take their spot for this spring!
Leslie : This spring.
Castle : - Wow. - I know.
UNK: And there are a lot of couples who want it.
UNK: But if I put down the deposit tonight, it's ours.
Castle : So what do you say?
Castle : Beckett, are you there?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay. But I thought we agreed that the venue was amazing.
Beckett : Yeah, we did. It's just...
UNK: I started thinking about all the details and the planning that we have to do.
Beckett : I don't want to rush any of this.
UNK: Okay. If you're sure that's it?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, it is.
UNK: I mean, we're gonna find another venue, Castle.
UNK: It's gonna be great.
Castle : - Look, if... - ESPOSITO : Hey.
Esposito : So Tech was able to track down that IP address.
Esposito : Whoever changed that calendar did it from a design studio in Soho.
Beckett : Is there any connection between the studio and Modern Fashion?
Esposito : As a matter of fact, there is.
Esposito : It belongs to one of the designers
Esposito : being featured in Modern Fashion's Fab Five spread.
Grace : - Yumi. - Yumi what?
Esposito : Just Yumi.
Esposito : I guess if you don't have a last name you can charge more.
Castle : So why would he, or someone from his studio, be changing Matilda's calendar?
Esposito : I don't know, but I can tell you this.
Esposito : It looks like Ella may have been there the night she was killed.
Beckett : - How do you know that? - Yumi's website.
Esposito : The current design line being produced at his studio