UNK: Marcus Conway : before making these kinds of accusations.
Beckett : Mr. Conway, I am not making any accusations.
UNK: I'm simply stating fact.
Beckett : We have a witness that heard you threatening Ella Hayes.
Beckett : And another one that saw you near where she was killed.
Castle : Right about the same time she ended up that way.
Beckett : - You need to explain yourself. - DOOR OPENS
UNK: Gloria Robbins : Marcus, I heard the police are here.
UNK: Gloria Robbins : What's going on?
Beckett : - Who are you? - Gloria Robbins.
UNK: I'm editor-in-chief of Couture Chic.
Conway : They think I murdered Ella Hayes.
Gloria : What? That's ridiculous.
Beckett : So you know who she is?
Gloria : This is obviously one huge misunderstanding.
Beckett : Then clear it up, tell me what you know about Ella Hayes.
Conway : We approached Ella and attempted to engage her services.
Beckett : So basically, you tried to hire her
Beckett : to get inside information on Modern Fashion.
Conway : - I wouldn't put it that way. - Well, I'm pretty sure she would,
Beckett : which is why she turned you down.
UNK: And you wouldn't take "no" for an answer.
Conway : This is a competitive business with everyone looking to get an edge.
Conway : Yes, I was aggressive in trying to make a deal,
Conway : but when she refused, I accepted that and I never contacted her again.
Beckett : Then why were you less than a block away from where she was killed
Beckett : at about the time she died?
Conway : Because she called me.
Conway : She asked me to meet her last night.
Beckett : Why would she do that?
Conway : Probably because Matilda just fired her.
Conway : The bottom line is,
Conway : she said she had bombshell information on Modern Fashion.
Conway : Information that, if it got out, it would destroy the magazine.
Beckett : Mr. Conway, I took a look at Ella's cell phone records.
Beckett : She never called you last night.
Conway : She did call, and I can prove it. She left me a message.
UNK: BEEPS Hey, it's Ella.
UNK: I changed my mind about your offer.
UNK: I found out something, something that'll ruin Modern Fashion,
UNK: take down the whole operation.
UNK: Meet me at the Broadway coffee shop
Beckett : in an hour. I'll see you there.
Conway : I waited around for two hours but she never showed.
Beckett : What information did she want to share?
Conway : Believe me, I would love to know.
Conway : But I don't have the faintest idea.
UNK: Richard Castle : What were you trying to hire her to find out?
Gloria : As you may have heard, a tech venture capitalist named Glen Carter
Gloria : bought Modern Fashion last month.
UNK: Glen has big plans
Gloria : to drag Matilda's precious little magazine into the digital age.
Castle : - Which are? - That's what we wanted to know,
UNK: since our website has failed to generate new subscription business.
Gloria : If we could get Modern Fashion's new playbook,
Gloria : it could help us strategize and stay one step ahead.
Beckett : So you wanted to hire Ella so that she could tell you
Beckett : about the new direction the magazine was taking,
Beckett : and when she turned you down, that was the extent of your contact?
Conway : Until she called last night.
Castle : And what about the eavesdropping?
Conway : What are you talking about?
Beckett : We found a listening device in Ella's apartment.
Gloria : That wasn't us. We had nothing to do with that.
BECKETT : So, these records explained
Beckett : why we missed Ella's phone calls to Marcus Conway.
Beckett : She phoned him using her roommate's landline.
Beckett : So she told Conway to meet her in the coffee shop in an hour.
UNK: It would take her about 20 minutes to get there from her apartment.
UNK: So she must have been killed on the way there.
UNK: It's a real shame.
Castle : Looking at her designs, Ella actually had talent.
Beckett : Yeah, well, the question is, what did she know?
Beckett : And did someone kill her to keep her quiet?
Ryan : Can't help you out there, but I can tell you that
Ryan : Marcus Conway was telling the truth about not planting that bug.
Esposito : Yeah, the serial number led us to a distributer
UNK: named Alternate Intelligence, in Queens.
Beckett : Do they know who bought it?
Ryan : James Kavanaugh paid for that listening device
UNK: with a credit card a month ago.
UNK: And when does it get interesting?