UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : Here's my card.
Esposito : If you can remember anything else, please give me a call. Okay?
Castle : - Yeah. Thank you. - PHONE DIALING TONES
UNK: STATIC INTERFERENCE
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
BECKETT : Well, this is it.
Beckett : The big leagues for anyone who wants to work in fashion.
Castle : Wow! Apparently you have to be a total hottie just to work here.
Castle : And I'm saying that as a completely detached, soon-to-be-married observer.
Beckett : - It's okay, Castle. Stare all you want. - Really?
Beckett : Actually, no. But it's kind of hard not to.
Beckett : I mean, Matilda only hires people that fit the magazine's brand.
Beckett : You have to look the part.
Castle : You seem to know a lot about Matilda King.
UNK: I've picked up a thing or two.
UNK: Hi. NYPD. We need to speak with Matilda King.
Carrie : Do you have an appointment?
Castle : I think you missed the part about the NYPD.
UNK: Please. I just took over this desk this morning.
Carrie : She's going to freak out if I add you to the schedule.
Carrie : Do you have any idea what happened to the last assistant?
Beckett : Yes, she's dead.
Carrie : Dead? What do you mean?
UNK: - MATILDA : No, no, no, no. - Oh, God, here she comes.
Matilda : I won't take no for an answer.
Matilda : You must join us on the yacht.
UNK: Giorgio will show his new collection.
UNK: Gordon Ramsay is cooking.
Matilda : Lady Gaga is performing,
Matilda : pushing the boundaries of style, no doubt in the wrong direction.
UNK: So let me know. Mwah!
Matilda : - New assistant. - It's Carrie.
Matilda : I'll learn your name when you've earned it. Here.
Carrie : These are your messages, and Julian Bruckner is waiting in your office.
Matilda : And who is this?
BECKETT : Uh...
Beckett : NYPD. We need to ask you a few questions, Ms. King.
Matilda : Kate Beckett.
Matilda : I never could forget those cheekbones.
Castle : Wait, you two know each other?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. When I was a model, for about 15 minutes.
Castle : You modeled for Modern Fashion?
Matilda : I offered her a spread in the January '99 issue.
Matilda : Nicole Kidman was on the cover.
Matilda : And you passed.
Matilda : To date, you're the only person to ever tell me "no."
UNK: I'm wall-to-wall. We'll have to reschedule.
UNK: Get ready to be told "no" again.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about your assistant, Ella Hayes.
Beckett : It cannot wait.
UNK: We'll talk in my office. Hold my calls.
Matilda : By the way, Ella is my former assistant.
Matilda : Be right with you, Julian.
UNK: Uh, so what do you mean by "former"?
Matilda : I fired her yesterday afternoon after she made a scheduling mistake
Matilda : and I showed up to a board meeting late.
Matilda : And that was after her mistake last week,
Matilda : when I kept the new owner of our magazine
Matilda : waiting for 45 minutes.
UNK: Julian Bruckner : Matilda. Have you seen the proofs from the Fab Five photo shoot?
UNK: Julian Bruckner : They are divine.
MATILDA : They better be, Julian.
Matilda : So far, everything you've submitted has been rather pedestrian.