Wilson : In my car.
Wilson : My patients, on the other hand,
Wilson : are here and needed their medications.
Marko : I'm sorry. I can't. Your DEA number's been suspended.
UNK: There's still a chance that Chase got it right.
UNK: GROANS
House : That was suspenseful for about two seconds.
House : Blood culture was negative for bacteria.
UNK: But positive for hepatitis A?
House : I wonder who could've ordered that extra test.
House : Must be somebody who knew what persistent vomiting,
House : sudden distaste for nicotine and itchy feet have in common.
UNK: Hep A doesn't explain the heart attack.
House : No. But as Chase so deftly pointed out earlier, puking does.
UNK: And hep A explains the puking.
UNK: If this had been real life instead of just a game...
Wilson : The DEA just revoked my prescription privileges.
UNK: Well, who's gonna prescribe my Vicodin?
Wilson : Yes, well, that's why I'm here.
Wilson : This is a disaster for you.
UNK: Relax.
House : Tritter's just getting desperate. He's got no real evidence.
House : He's trying to squeeze you into ratting.
Wilson : I'm not gonna let him squeeze my patients.
House : They'll be fine. Most of your cancer medicine sucks anyway.
Wilson : I'm gonna use your team to do my prescribing until this is straightened out.
House : Suddenly this doesn't seem nearly as dramatic.
House : Go pump IVIG into the kid, cure him and get him out of here.
UNK: Hep A? No.
Cameron : "Chase, blood test for bacteria.
UNK: "Foreman, MRI, too stubborn to check the lungs.
UNK: "Cameron, nice try. No spasm."
Jack : "But the princess sat and sat and sat,
UNK: "pretending not to listen."
Jack : Pretending to write in her journal with the flowers on it.
Jack : Pretending she didn't like stories about eight-year-olds who save the world.
UNK: I'm 11.
Cameron : Which is why you can no longer save the world.
Will : I'm eight! Yeah.
UNK: We're all completely dependent on you.
UNK: Morning. Morning.
Foreman : Good news. We can take you off the IVIG.
UNK: The hep A has cleared your system. You'll be good to go by tomorrow.
Jack : How do you think I got it?
UNK: Well, it could've been contaminated food.
UNK: It could've been from cleaning the bathrooms at work. Or it could've been...
Jack : Don't worry. They've heard it all.
UNK: Anilingus is a common way.
Foreman : You should just tell the people that you've dated
Foreman : they should get themselves checked.
Jack : Don't worry.
Jack : I've been too busy chasing after these guys to go spelunking.
Kama : You're gross.
Kama : I think. Does your arm hurt?
Jack : Arm's fine, bro.
UNK: Then why's it bleeding? It's not. It's...
Foreman : Raise your arm above your head.
UNK: Your ear... And your nose...
FOREMAN : High PT and PTT on Jack's blood panel confirm a coagulopathy.
UNK: So, we cure the hep A, something else pops up.
UNK: Interesting.
House : What infections cause DIC?
Ralphie : You okay?
House : Hurt my shoulder playing fantasy football.