House : You're prescribing for Wilson. Wilson prescribes for me.
UNK: Write up a script.
Chase : You know you have a problem. Yeah.
House : It's got a badge and everything.
Cameron : You're taking too much... Fine! You're right.
House : What's the correct amount? Write up a script for the correct amount.
House : No answer? That's 'cause we're having the wrong debate.
House : This has got nothing to do with my problem
House : and everything to do with you avoiding a problem.
House : You're afraid that if you write me a prescription
House : you're gonna wind up like Wilson.
Cameron : Of course I am.
House : Tritter wants to win by giving pain.
UNK: Do you really want to be a part of that?
House : As a doctor, how do you do that?
UNK: Here.
Cameron : This'll tide you over. Takes the edge off my PMS.
UNK: Should do wonders for you.
House : Why are you looking at my head again?
Foreman : Seizures usually indicate something neurological.
Jack : I'm not gonna get better.
Foreman : Am I?
Foreman : We'll know more after the test.
UNK: I've gotta find out who can take care of Will and Kama.
Foreman : Let's not get ahead of ourselves, okay?
UNK: You'll be home yelling at them and kicking their butts before you know it.
UNK: FOREMAN SIGHS
Foreman : This kid might be facing a terminal disease,
Foreman : and he's more worried about his brother and sister.
CHASE : Brain stem's clean.
Cameron : Nothing in the midbrain. What's that?
UNK: The frontal lobe, upper-right quadrant.
Cameron : I don't see anything. There.
Foreman : It's tiny, but I think it's a tumor.
Chase : That size should be excisable. Why didn't we see it earlier? How could...
Cameron : Oh, God!
Cameron : Axial view. There's another one.
Cameron : Bring up the next slice.
Foreman : They're everywhere.
Foreman : Jack's brain is riddled with tumors.
Foreman : And you know what he's doing? Moaning?
UNK: Setting up play dates. Wow, what a guy. Theories?
Cameron : The obvious one, brain cancer destroyed his immune system,
Cameron : left him wide open for these infections.
Foreman : House, you're pathetic.
UNK: You'll analyze anyone's faults, hypocrisies, weaknesses,
Foreman : but this kid's got some strength,
Foreman : and all of a sudden there's no time to talk about anything but the medicine.
House : He's teaching pre-pubescent kids that truth matters, God doesn't and life sucks.
House : I like him. Treatment?
Cameron : We need to start him on radiation.
UNK: That'll destroy whatever's left of his immune system.
FOREMAN : And save his life!
Foreman : I know the notion of self-sacrifice is foreign to you...
House : You wanna think that he's sacrificing himself because if one person can do it,
House : then maybe the world isn't the cold, selfish place you know that it is.
House : Radiation could kill him. Alternatives?
Chase : There aren't any. We saw the tumors...
House : We could choose to say they aren't tumors.
House : They're just pus, which would explain why they weren't there yesterday.
Cameron : It can't be an infection. He got IVIG,
Cameron : broad-spectrum antibiotics... Exactly.
House : Creates a perfect world for fungus, moves in, gets married,
House : has little fungi...
Foreman : If you're wrong about the fungus, you're wasting what little time he has left.
House : Not a big sacrifice. His life sucks.
House : So let's be right. Go stick a needle in the kid's head.
UNK: If you suck out a liquid,
House : then I'm right and we haven't answered anything.
UNK: If you suck out a solid, you're right and no more worrying about play dates.
House : Okay. Fine. I'll father your child.
UNK: First, you got to write me a Vicodin prescription,
House : just so I can get through the foreplay.
Cuddy : How many days do you have left?
House : Could probably get through maybe the next minute or so.
Cuddy : And your coming to me means your lackeys actually stood up to you.
Cuddy : I'm impressed.
House : Yes, their cowardice is inspiring.