House : that your little brother and sister will get to cry over another coffin.
UNK: You study fractions in school? We good?
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: COUGHS
House : And this test isn't exactly FDA approved,
UNK: so let's just keep it our little secret, okay?
UNK: COUGHING
UNK: GASPING
UNK: GASPING
UNK: THUNDER RUMBLING
UNK: CUDDY CLEARS THROAT
Cuddy : Little Orphan Annie and Oliver Twist slept in our hallways last night.
UNK: Are they singing?
Cuddy : They're children. They need a guardian.
House : Couldn't find a babysitter
House : on account of not being able to make any phone calls,
House : on account of not being able to breathe,
House : on account of his lungs filling up with serratia.
House : He has chronic granulomatous disease.
House : Game over. Our work is done.
Cuddy : Then he's gonna keep getting sick.
Cuddy : You gotta call Social Services.
House : Bone marrow transplant would re-boot his whole immune system.
House : He'll be healthy enough to win Miserable Daddy of the Year.
Cuddy : So see if one of his kids is a match.
House : My kids are already testing his kids.
FOREMAN : Will's a match. You tested him?
Jack : I never consented for that. It's just a blood draw.
Foreman : There's no danger. To the testing. What about the surgery?
Foreman : The risk for Will is next to nothing.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
Jack : What if I don't do it? What are my other options?
UNK: Your immune system can't fight off the germs
Foreman : we all come into contact with every day.
Foreman : Now that we know, we can use more targeted medications,
Foreman : but you'll still get sick all the time.
Foreman : You'll be in and out of hospitals...
Jack : But I'll live.
UNK: Jack,
Foreman : your lifespan will be substantially shortened.
Foreman : And you'll be too sick to care for your brother and sister anymore.
Jack : You shouldn't have pressured him into... There was no pressure.
Jack : He's eight years old!
Foreman : You tell him his brother's dying unless he helps.
Jack : What do you think he's gonna do?
Foreman : He wants to help you. He has no idea.
Jack : It's like you asked him to let me play with one of his toys. This is surgery.
Jack : He could die. He'll be fine.
Foreman : But you...
Foreman : You're gonna have a hard time protecting him like this if you're dead.
Jack : I'll do it...
UNK: when Will's 18 and can decide for himself.
UNK: THUNDER RUMBLING
UNK: Noble. Moronic.
House : It's a synonym.
Foreman : Why can't you accept he wants to protect his brother?
UNK: Has to protect his brother. Doesn't want to.
House : Wants to run screaming from protecting his brother.
Foreman : You're a hypocrite.
Foreman : "Evidence is everything. Truth is all that matters."
Foreman : Except when it comes to people.
Foreman : Everything we've learned about this kid says you're wrong.
Foreman : But you can't accept that.
Foreman : It's easy to reject the diagnosis.
Foreman : Not so easy to reject your misanthropy,
Foreman : because then you'd have to give people a fighting chance.
Foreman : And that scares the crap out of you.
UNK: Okay.
House : Let's get some evidence.
House : It's your lucky day.
HOUSE : Just found another donor in the registry. Perfect match.
House : We can do the transplant with no danger to the rug rat.
House : Just have to sign here.
House : Unless there's another reason you don't want it.
Jack : There's a chance I'd die.
UNK: A chance you'll be cured.
House : Maybe you don't want that, either.
House : Maybe hanging out in a hospital getting waited on hand and foot
UNK: reminds you of what life used to be like before you were forced to play Mister Mom.