House : I think this game is rigged.
UNK: Jack?
Kama : Somebody help!
FOREMAN : We've managed to clear all three infections out of his system,
Foreman : but now he's having seizures every few hours.
House : He's gotta be immunocompromised. No.
Chase : White count was normal, and he was negative for HIV.
House : Well, if he's not immunocompromised,
House : why is he acting like he's immunocompromised?
HOUSE : What do the seizures tell us? Nothing.
Foreman : There were no structural abnormalities on the CT,
Foreman : nonfocal neuro exam, no electrolyte imbalance. Nothing.
House : What do unexplained seizures and really sick 18-year-olds have in common?
UNK: You thinking trauma? I'm thinking drugs.
House : He's an admitted user. The drugs trashed his immune system.
Cameron : Tox screen was clean.
House : Clean tox screen means there's no drugs in his blood or urine.
House : There could still be drugs trapped in his fat cells from the good old days.
Chase : If they're in his fat, why would they be affecting him now?
UNK: The keen observer would notice that he's had some digestive issues lately.
House : His weight loss could've burned off fat cells
House : and released the drugs back into his system.
FOREMAN : There's no way to know. It's impossible to test fat cells for drugs.
House : But it's not impossible to make him lose more weight.
Chase : You want us to starve him so we can drive him into another seizure?
Chase : Maybe a heart attack? Just so we can run another tox screen?
House : That'd be cruel. Just sweat it out of him.
Jack : I haven't touched a thing since the night my parents died.
Foreman : Drugs stay in your system a long time.
Jack : I was high the night the cops came to tell us what happened.
Jack : You know the first thing I did when they told me?
Jack : I laughed.
Jack : I'm not the person I was when they died.
Jack : I wish they could see that.
UNK: Well, I'm sure they're watching, and I'm sure they're proud.
Jack : That's what Will's guidance counselor keeps telling him.
Foreman : What do you tell him?
Jack : I tell him it's crap.
Jack : Our parents live on in our memories, but they don't live on.
CHASE : Jack? CAMERON : Hold him still.
Chase : Don't break his arm. CAMERON : We'll fix it.
Cameron : We need to get a sample.
UNK: House.
Foreman : Bad news.
House : Look at you.
House : You couldn't have sent Cameron down here to this air-conditioned hallway
House : to deliver the bad news?
Foreman : Jack seized again, but his blood was clean. Completely drug free.
House : So he just happened to have a seizure at the exact time that we stuck him in a sauna?
Foreman : It's not a coincidence.
Foreman : He's still seizing every few hours whether we stick him in a sauna or not.
House : Oh, my God! Why are you using that?
UNK: Elderly Guy : I've had it for years.
Jack : No, that's... That's gonna make your shoulder hurt.
House : You need one of these.
Chase : He's a doctor.
House : Is he still infection-free? I'm sure not for long.
UNK: My point being that something other than those infections caused these seizures.
House : Means there's something in his head. Scan him.
Foreman : We scanned him. Well, that was then. This is not then.
House : Kid keeps changing. Scan him again.
House : Where is Cameron?
UNK: I am not writing you a script for Vicodin.
House : I've only got two pills left.
UNK: Cut them in half. Then you'll have four.