Wilson : Wow. You hate salad. She's really got you tied up in knots.
UNK: House he Rubs His Face : I caved. Through an intermediary.
UNK: I need a plan C.
Wilson : What you need is a plan that you actually develop with Cuddy.
Taub : Antibiotics didn't work. And then steroids didn't work.
UNK: Her new lung's ruined and it's not rejection or infection.
Chase : The only two options were wrong.
House : Unless it's not LAM.
Chase : It is LAM, the test was positive.
UNK: Then the test had to be wrong.
UNK: Deep fryer's working again.
UNK: the Cook Comes With A Plate Of Fries. He Hands It To House : Still working on that?
UNK: That was here when I sat down. I need to think.
Hugo : I want to make sure you're trying everything to save my sister.
UNK: Everything. That must be it.
House : See, I thought you guys checked the box marked,
House : "Try every other thing."
UNK: Hugo voice Trembling : I'm the one that's supposed to die first.
UNK: Hugo voice Trembling : I'm the damaged one, not her.
UNK: Hugo voice Trembling : She never even gets a cold.
House : Damage has a way of spreading to everyone around you.
House : For example, your obvious emotional damage
House : is now making me have a philosophical conversation,
House : instead of dealing with your sister.
House : See how that might be damaging?
UNK: Never?
UNK: Taub looking At The Chart : When's the last time you had a cold?
House : Any minor aches, swelling, anything?
Claire : It's been years. She never gets colds.
House : I didn't ask when's the last time she mentioned it,
House : I asked when she had one, even a tiny one.
Della : It's nothing. Sometimes my ears ache a little.
UNK: House sighing : So now tell me the rest of the nothing.
Della : My chest, soreness, some congestion...
George : You never said anything about that.
Della : I barely noticed it until that skateboarding tournament in Denver.
House : How long ago?
Della : A year?
Della : Cold's nothing. When I think of what Hugo goes through every day...
House : Yeah, we get it. Your brother, the saint, his sister, the martyr.
House : Thank God you followed me.
House : Now you can go back to the transplant committee