Cuddy : I got a call about a case for you.
Cuddy : 14-year-old. EMTs think her heart stopped while she...
UNK: House still Loudly : Sounds great.
Cuddy : You haven't seen it yet.
House : I sense something fascinating about it.
UNK: Cuddy voice Low : I'm gonna get us in to see HR this afternoon.
UNK: Cuddy voice Low : Think you can hold your tongue till then?
UNK: Mom!
UNK: Fine.
House : People are gonna know soon enough.
UNK: House whines : I think I can hold it till lunch.
House : I'm seeing Cuddy.
House : Generally without her clothes on.
House : Use your imagination. Hope it's got a wide-angle lens.
House : You don't actually need that.
UNK: I'm gonna go check my office for whoopee cushions.
House : This is not a prank.
Wilson : This is not me walking out the door.
Taub : Really? You and Cuddy?
UNK: For reals.
House : Foreman can translate.
House : So, junior miss everything.
House : Skateboarder, basketballer, science clubber, seal clubber.
House : I'm actually guessing with that last one.
House : Healthy one day, heart arrhythmia the next.
Taub : Are you sure it's a good idea to be
Taub : yanking on the chain of command?
UNK: Foreman convinced : Way to go, House.
UNK: Foreman convinced : I'm surprised you two didn't get together sooner.
UNK: Chase his Eyes Did Not Leave The File : EKG, echo and head CT are all spotless.
UNK: Chase his Eyes Did Not Leave The File : There's nothing on her neurological exam.
UNK: Interesting. In favor, indignant, indifferent.
UNK: I think I'd like the female perspective.
House : Or Thirteen's. Where is she?
Taub : She's gone.
UNK: She said was taking a leave of absence,
Foreman : wanted us to think it was for a Huntington's study in Rome.
Foreman : They've never heard of her.
Taub : Cell and home phone are disconnected,
UNK: apartment's already been vacated.
Taub : And what's with the death's head cane?
UNK: House still Reading : They didn't have a death's ass cane in my size.
UNK: House still Reading : I guess we'll just have to wait.
UNK: House still Reading : Conditions that cause intermittent heart arrhythmias. Taub?
Taub : Three years you've been trying to game out Thirteen. Now you don't care?
House : Sorry, not caring about Thirteen is not
House : part of the differential for heart arrhythmia.
House : But you do get a home version of the game.
UNK: Chase still Looking Engrossed In The Case : Patient's brother has severe congenital muscular dystrophy.
UNK: Chase still Looking Engrossed In The Case : Life expectancy of about 25. If she's had a latent case of it...
UNK: Wouldn't be sudden-onset. Foreman?
Foreman : Do you know something about Thirteen that we don't?
House : She's entitled to her privacy. Just as I'm entitled to a diagnosis.
Taub : And you're glossing over Thirteen's departure
Taub : because you actually respect somebody's privacy.
House : I agree. It's weird of me not to care.
House : So either I'm a changed man because of Cuddy,
House : or I'm pretending to be a changed man
House : because I do know something about Thirteen
House : and I'm trying to throw you off the scent,
UNK: or I've just gone nutty-bananas because I lost a patient.