Taub : almost no risk of infection... Almost?
Della : His life's hard enough as it is.
House : Patient won't take marrow from steel wheels?
Taub : We're finding another match. And how do you know?
House : What other problem could there be with a problem-free procedure?
House : Boys' sports, science club. She's living his life, not hers.
House : Makes sense she's being a self-denying moron.
Taub : She loves her brother, she's thinking selflessly. How is that at all...
UNK: Moronic? Hmm. If I could only think of a harm-free medical treatment
UNK: she'd turned down lately.
Della : You're right. If everyone were more selfish,
Taub : the world would be a better place.
House : See? I can skip the idiot part when you're not being an idiot.
House : Yeah, I had that same facial expression for the first 48 hours.
House : Had another one, too, but only for 15 seconds at a time.
Wilson : I'm happy for you. You're happy for you. This is huge.
Wilson : So who's gonna supervise you?
UNK: Cuddy.
Wilson : I guess maybe that can work.
House : Maybe? Nothing's changed.
Wilson : You showed up for clinic hours, voluntarily.
UNK: House he Stops Walking And Faces Wilson : Fine, a little bit has changed.
Wilson : House, everything's changed. You're sleeping together.
Wilson : You want something from her besides
Wilson : sign-off on scaring your patient to death.
House : You talked to Taub.
Wilson : He's worried about you. He's a jerk.
Wilson : I'm worried, too.
House : Do I need to say it?
Wilson : I want this to work.
House : I'm not doing anything differently.
House : She changed my mind about one diagnostic test.
House : And she was right.
House : Even though it's your emotional default, stop worrying.
House : I can handle it.
Taub : I hear you're a pretty fierce skateboarder.
UNK: Della smiling : I do okay.
Taub : All your activities, don't they seem
Taub : like things a 16-year-old boy would do?
Taub : Some people might think you're trying to live his life for him.
Taub : I am.
UNK: Della nods : Sort of.
UNK: Della nods : I got into skateboarding when some of Hugo's classmates did,
UNK: Della nods : and he realized he could never do it.
UNK: Della nods : It's the same with a lot of things. We live through it together.
Taub : And you're not worried you're being selfless to the point of self-denial?
Della : You've never been inspired by someone?
Taub : Why don't you take your pills.
UNK: Taub putting On Gloves : Need some help in here.
Taub : Hemothorax, we need to bronch her now.
Chase : Clear an OR. She's drowning in her own blood.
Taub : It's not amyloidosis.
House : She's bleeding to death, out of her lung.
House : I want to fill a quarter of it with foam.
Cuddy : That'd stop the bleeding, all right.
House : Thought it made more sense than diet and exercise.
Cuddy : And if she doesn't have enough lung function left, you'll have killed her.
UNK: House slowly And Quietly : The only alternative is slowly suturing the lung,
UNK: hoping the bleeding stops in time
UNK: House slowly And Quietly : and she doesn't die on her own.
UNK: House slowly And Quietly : But we would walk away with clean hands.
UNK: House slowly And Quietly : Except for all the blood.
UNK: You're right. Faster and riskier is better. Foam the lung.