Cuddy : HR can't find you a new supervisor.
George : How come?
UNK: Hr Guy : Because you're unsupervisable, House.
Cuddy : Two department chairs threatened to quit.
House : Well, I guess we're stuck with each other.
Cuddy : I have no idea why I'm making this call,
Cuddy : or if it's the right call to make.
Cuddy : But if you feel strongly about presenting
Cuddy : the parents your treatment option,
Cuddy : you can do it.
Houses : Thank you. I will. Several hours ago.
Cuddy : You told them?
House : I told him. He came to my office.
House : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Well, I should probably be more mad at you.
UNK: Yeah.
Cuddy : Dr. House?
UNK: George hugging Claire : We've decided.
UNK: George hugging Claire : We're not gonna take the lung from our son.
Cuddy : She's still on the waiting list.
Cuddy : We're gonna do whatever we can to find her another...
UNK: House suddenly Sounding Furious : What ginormous crack pipe have you people been sucking on?
UNK: House!
House : Are you gonna pretend that you're not
House : choosing your own daughter's death?
Claire : Our daughter doesn't want it.
UNK: Probably doesn't want to floss her teeth either.
House : She's a mindless teenybopper.
Cuddy : Don't put this on them.
UNK: What do you mean "put it on"? It is on them.
UNK: As much as they may want to "pass the lung" here...
Cuddy : Of course they do. You're handing them an impossible choice...
House : Life has handed them a crappy choice.
House : And they're picking the crappier option.
UNK: Trading who-knows-how-many healthy decades
House : for four or five years in which roller-boy will be a limp rag.
Cuddy : Not everything is a math equation.
House : You need me to explain the difference between decade and year?
Cuddy : Their son is a human being.
Cuddy : You know what they are, right? Intrinsic value.
Cuddy : We don't get to decide...
UNK: House pleading, To Cuddy : Come on. We do it every day.
House : The two of them needed the same lung...
Cuddy : He needs to keep the one he's got.
Cuddy : You don't get to play God by ripping out...
House : That train left the station when we learned to do transplants.
House : The rest is just paper-pushing.
UNK: And of course now, we're onto your real area of expertise.
Cuddy : I thought we were moving onto yours,
Cuddy : bullying your patients into embracing your own lack-of-a-moral...
Claire : Hugo, honey...
George : We didn't mean for you to hear any of this.
George : Hugo, please.
Hugo : I want you to take half my lung.
UNK: No.
UNK: I am not.
Hugo : You do so many great things.
Hugo : I just watch.
Hugo : I get to watch and coach and cheer.
Hugo : But that's not me out there. Never will be.
Hugo : If you take this piece of me, carry it with you,
Hugo : then I really can share in everything you do.
Hugo : This is the great thing I can do with my life.
Hugo : Don't make me live without you.
House : We got lucky.
House : I did give them an impossible choice.
House : The kid took it away from them.
Cuddy : That fight
Cuddy : was the first honest interaction
Cuddy : you and I have had since we came back to work.
Cuddy : If we're painfully, brutally honest with each other,
Cuddy : maybe we'll get lucky again.
UNK: House listens, Nods Slightly : You've got a big ass.