House : It's a new toy. What kid doesn't like new toys?
House : A moron, that's who.
House : Okay, look at the pretty colors. Now, what color is this?
UNK: Orange.
House : Yes, that is orange. What color is this?
House : Okay, blocks going away. Bye-bye, blocks.
House : Next time, reinforce the levees.
House : Bad corps of army engineers, bad.
UNK: But what's this?
House : - Rings. - Look at the rings.
House : Now the goal of this game is...
UNK: House [frustrated] : To not kill you.
Winn : Why are you here? Wait, did you give me an STD?
Chase : No, I did not. Don't deflect.
Chase : That picture was taken by someone your height.
Chase : Just take it down.
Winn : What picture?
UNK: Fine.
Chase : Play it that way.
UNK: So...
Chase : You really like kittens, huh?
Winn : Yeah, you said you did, too.
Winn : No wonder you're pissed, because that is not you.
Winn : And I didn't take it.
Winn : Did you mean my height with heels or without?
Chase : You weren't wearing heels when we were in that room, so...
Chase : Oh, yes, you were.
Winn : I started to take them off, and then you asked me very nicely not to.
Winn : Why would I do this?
Winn : I'm not mad about what happened with us,
Winn : or apparently with you and any other women at that wedding.
Chase : Sorry, I guess my forensic analysis
Chase : wasn't as advanced as I thought.
Winn : Wait. You know, you don't have to rush off. I still have those heels.
Chase : Everywhere you looked, gingham and stuffed animals.
Taub : How did you get out of there?
Chase : I didn't, right away.
Chase : Wasn't anything wrong with her physically.
Taub : One down, two members of a threesome to go.
Taub : You should flip a condom to choose.
Masters : We checked his adrenal, pituitary and thyroid glands,
Masters : monitored his catecholamines. It's not a pheo.
Foreman : We had to put him on a diltiazem drip to regulate his heart.
House : Means he's running out of time.
House : Means you are, too.
House : Your campaign to soften him up so he'll go easier on the kids,
House : all in a pointless attempt to validate your own upbringing.
House : Another cardiac arrhythmia?
UNK: It's not our patient. It's the ER.
Nurse : That patient House admitted with back pain and urinary retention?
Nurse : How do you feel about a matched set?
Taub : We need to track your common exposures. What shampoo do you use?
Landon : Whatever crap the camp gives us.
Driscoll : Same here.
Taub : We need things exclusive to you but not the rest of the camp.
Taub : Otherwise, a lot more people would be sick. Toothpaste, deodorant?
Landon : Can't be deodorant making him sick.
Landon : He doesn't wear any. Smells like a...
UNK: Parks, shut your mouth.
UNK: Landon [getting Angry] : You're not my drill instructor here, okay?
Driscoll : Doesn't mean you get to be disrespectful.
Landon : I can do whatever the hell I want. You're not in charge.
Foreman : There's gotta be a link.
Foreman : Diet, sexual history, drug abuse.
UNK: No, and believe me, I asked.
Taub : Those were some fun conversations.
UNK: Did you believe the answers?
Taub : I know the answer to that is always supposed to be no,
Taub : but I did.
Taub : Not like the kid has had much unsupervised time lately.