House : Yeah. Small world.
Masters : - This is good news. - We can manage the condition with haematin.
Masters : Liver transplant could cure it.
Driscoll : Sometimes two patients share one donated liver.
Driscoll : Would that work for us?
UNK: Possibly.
Masters : We'd have to test your blood, tissue type, if they match.
Landon : Why would they?
Landon : Just because we have the same thing making us sick...
UNK: Also...
Driscoll : I'm your father.
UNK: Landon [surprised] : I don't believe you.
UNK: What, you don't think a white guy can be a bad father?
House : Happy to check your DNA,
UNK: but do you really think he'd say he's your dad if he isn't?
House : It's not like you're a catch.
Chase : You're evil.
UNK: Ali [surprised To See Him There] : Barely recognize you with your clothes on.
Chase : You were at the wedding with your sister.
Ali : Shared a room with her, too.
Ali : I came by to change my shoes and found you in my bathroom.
Ali : Took you long enough to find me.
UNK: Chase [not Amused] : Because when someone starts pranking you, the logical suspect
UNK: Chase [not Amused] : is the overly protective sister
UNK: of a woman you slept with once.
Ali : This has nothing to do with my sister.
Chase : Then what does it have to do with?
Ali : If you really have no clue, then you so deserved this.
Chase : All that creativity and energy you put into pranking me,
Chase : seems like you were trying to make a point.
Chase : You really don't want to tell me what it was?
Ali : You're a really big fan of John Hughes movies.
Ali : though that's probably because...
UNK: Chase [finally Starts To Remember] : Mary Stuart Masterson looked hot in those leather gloves.
UNK: Chase [finally Starts To Remember] : We talked at the reception. That's why you hate me?
UNK: Chase [finally Starts To Remember] : It was fun. It was great.
Ali : Until I mentioned that I don't sleep with guys on the first date,
Ali : and then you said you had to go to the bathroom and you never came back.
Masters : Actions have consequences.
UNK: Do you take vengeance on every guy who acts like an ass?
Chase : Could be a full-time job.
UNK: Ali [smiling] : When we were talking, you seemed like a nice guy.
UNK: Ali [smiling] : So either you're a great actor or you're a nice guy who lost his way.
UNK: Ali [smiling] : Whatever the reasons,
UNK: Ali [smiling] : a little negative reinforcement seemed to be warranted.
UNK: Ali [smiling] : Oh, currently your password is "great big ho."
UNK: Ali [smiling] : Change it back to anything but "password."
Teacher : I'm sorry.
Chase : Let me prove it to you by taking you out for dinner,
Chase : followed by not sleeping with you.
Chase : I'm serious.
Ali : Not on your life.
Driscoll : We need to talk.
UNK: Nothing to say.
UNK: Okay.
Driscoll : I'll wait till you're ready.
Driscoll : You're my son.
Driscoll : I'm not going anywhere.
Cuddy : - Wait a minute. - What is that?
UNK: A doggie. What does it say?
Cuddy : That's right.
Cuddy : Waldenwood called.
Cuddy : They love Rachel but they have no room.
Cuddy : Something about more siblings than usual. We should apply next year.
UNK: House [looking A Bit Disappointed] : She's a smart kid. She'll be fine.
Cuddy : You mean that?
UNK: House [reassuring Her] : Yeah, I do.