Florist : Delivery for a Dr. Robert Chase.
Chase : That's me.
Masters : Camp is in the woods.
Masters : There are tons of opportunities for infection
Masters : that not every person will pick up.
Masters : Legionellosis from water, toxoplasmosis from dirt,
Masters : brucellosis from animals.
House : Too bad none of those explain his symptoms.
House : Casey and Sanford Wells thank me
House : for my extraordinarily generous donation to their wedding charity.
UNK: Aw!
UNK: Oh, God. She must have gotten access to my credit card.
Taub : Nocardia fits.
UNK: The bacteria lives in the dirt. They both spent plenty...
House : Nocardia starts in the lungs, not the bladder.
Chase : How generous is extraordinarily generous?
Masters : Call the charity, explain the donation's a fraud.
Foreman : And take back Wells' wedding gift?
Driscoll : You are extraordinarily screwed.
Foreman : Bushes can make a happy hunting ground for ticks. Lyme disease.
Masters : Neither of our patients have a rash or a tick bite.
Foreman : 40% of Lyme patients don't develop a rash. Bite is easy to miss.
UNK: Start them on doxycycline for Lyme.
UNK: $2,500!
House : Cancel your credit card, find that girl and marry her.
Driscoll : I'm not watching that crap.
Landon : No, let him be your guinea pig.
Landon : You can dose me after you're sure you're right.
Masters : The side effects are fairly limited,
Masters : and it would be better to treat you
Masters : before you develop any more symptoms.
Landon : I want to wait.
UNK: Masters [patiently] : I'm not your drill instructor,
UNK: I'm not trying to break you.
UNK: Masters [patiently] : My only job is to make you better.
UNK: Masters [patiently] : I truly believe this medicine is our best shot.
UNK: Masters [patiently] : But whether or not you take it is up to you.
Masters : Is there anything else I can do for you?
UNK: Landon [politely] : Another pillow would be cool, if you don't mind.
UNK: Hey.
Driscoll : Your turn to pick.
House : Ready, set, feed the monkey.