Wilson : This isn't weird at all.
UNK: She's got the fine motor skills of the Hulk in oven mitts.
UNK: Do you want a doodle? Do you? Feed the monkey.
UNK: Cuddy puts her to bed at 7 : 30, which cuts way into our training time.
UNK: Her play date's on Friday.
Wilson : What is that?
House : Dog training clicker.
House : Gives immediate positive reinforcement,
House : bridging the precious seconds between
UNK: the desired behavior and treat delivery.
Wilson : House, she's not a dog.
UNK: That really seems to be working.
Wilson : Does Cuddy know that Rachel's here,
Wilson : and that you're turning her into a schnauzer?
UNK: I told Maria that Rachel and I are working on
House : a secret art project for Mommy.
House : Which means that some paede's patient
House : is about to be short one art project.
Wilson : The sacrifices we make for our children's education.
House : Who's a good girl? Who's a good girl?
Chase : It had to be you. I gave you my credit card to pay for drinks.
Mackenzie : And I gave it back. I didn't take the picture, now go away.
Chase : Forgive me if I'm not convinced.
Chase : You're obviously pissed at me.
Mackenzie : Because I thought we totally had a connection.
Mackenzie : And then when you didn't ask me for my number...
Mackenzie : A connection?
Chase : It was a threesome.
Mackenzie : Yeah, but you were obviously more into me than you were into Nika.
UNK: Man Voice Coming From Inside The House : - Kenzie, honey. - You have a phone call.
Mackenzie : Just a minute, Dad.
Mackenzie : I didn't want to say anything in front of her, but you could have.
UNK: Chase [quite Shocked] : You live with your parents?
Mackenzie : Just until graduation.
UNK: College?
UNK: Chase [worried] : How old are you?
UNK: Eighteen.
Mackenzie : Next month.
Mackenzie : Relax, it's not illegal or anything.
Chase : Look, I just need this to stop.
Mackenzie : Would you give it up, already? I told you it's not me.
Mackenzie : My parents won't even let me on social networking sites.
Mackenzie : Too many sexual predators.
Driscoll : Stop him!
Foreman : Hey. Hey. Where are you going?
Foreman : Hey. You're sick, you need to be in a hospital.
Landon : There's a million hospitals. Ones that won't send me back to that camp.
Masters : Landon, what's going on?
Landon : Please help me, don't send me back.
UNK: Masters [surprised] : Those are my car keys. You stole them out of my pocket?
UNK: "No bad kids," huh?
Driscoll : Did you stop Landon?
Foreman : Yeah. Yeah. What's wrong?
Driscoll : My legs, they hurt. Muscles are in a vise.
Masters : What does it mean?
Foreman : Not sure yet.
UNK: 10 diazepam, 40 potassium.
Foreman : The leg pain was caused by a muscle cramp from low sodium,
Foreman : which was caused by kidney dysfunction.
Masters : Landon didn't respond to doxycycline either. I think we can rule out Lyme.
Masters : I thought I was getting through to him,
UNK: but he just wanted to steal my car keys.
House : If only his previous behavior had given you a reason to expect that.
Taub : Why are you putting hot sauce on a toy?
House : Maybe you don't care if children chew on your caterpillar.
House : I think it's wrong.
House : What causes kidney dysfunction on top of everything else?
Masters : Arsenic poisoning.
Masters : And people do change.
Masters : Driscoll took it to heart when I asked him
Masters : to think about Landon's history.
Masters : He was much nicer and then...
House : Wow, two ideas that don't make any sense.
House : If it was arsenic, they'd be puking and pooping.
House : And conversations with moralizing strangers
House : do not make people change their behavior.
House : Rachel is not gonna do that more than once.
Chase : Whipple's could affect the brain, kidneys, heart.
Masters : Not without GI involvement.
Masters : Why is it impossible to believe
Masters : I made a compelling argument and he...
House : If he changed, it's because something
House : besides you made that argument compelling.
Taub : Compromised kidneys secondary to bladder issues points to botulism toxin,
Taub : which lives in soil.
Taub : Got into the kid's bloodstream
Taub : through the cut on his forehead,
Taub : got into the drill instructor's
Taub : through some abrasions on his feet.
House : Good idea. Give them both the antitoxin.