House : You got anything better?
UNK: Treat with cyclophospamide.
House : Go find your bliss.
House : Now if you'll excuse me, I have a play date.
UNK: Masters [with A Quiet Voice] : Why didn't you step forward when his mom died?
Driscoll : I found out she'd passed months later.
Driscoll : By then, Landon was already in the foster system.
Driscoll : I was figuring out a way to approach him when he got into trouble,
UNK: so I brought him to the camp.
Masters : You need to tell him.
Driscoll : I can't. Not now.
Driscoll : If I die, the only thing I'll ever be to him
Driscoll : is the hard-ass who made him run obstacle courses.
UNK: You apologized to me for something done in a psychotic state,
Masters : but you won't own up to being his father.
UNK: What happened to actions have consequences, a man accepts them?
Driscoll : I'm in his life, and I am working
Driscoll : to get him on the right path.
Masters : He doesn't need a drill instructor.
Masters : He needs a dad.
Cuddy : It's so sweet of you, coming to this.
House : Just trying to be supportive.
UNK: I heard that's what boyfriends do.
Cuddy : Hi, honey. Hi. Did you have fun?
UNK: Yeah?
Teacher : Rachel had a great time, played with everything.
Teacher : She's a very clever girl.
Teacher : I'm sorry to ask this,
Teacher : but we've had some problems with parents coaching kids.
UNK: Rachel caught on to our toys unusually quickly,
Teacher : and she even knew the game was called Feed the Monkey.
UNK: Cuddy [somewhat Offended] : Well, as eager as I am to have her go here,
UNK: Cuddy [somewhat Offended] : I promise you, I would never do that.
UNK: Cuddy [somewhat Offended] : Hey, Rachel, have you ever played Feed the Monkey before?
Rachel : No, Mama.
UNK: She seems so dumb.
UNK: House ["proud"!] : But when the pressure was on, she knew what had to be done and she did it.
Man : You're pumped because your kid lied?
House : She's not my kid. She's a pain in the ass.
House : And she's a better liar than you are.
House : You didn't cut your leg getting into your truck.
House : The abrasion has dirt and gravel in it,
House : A bit of fertilizer, too.
UNK: I tripped in my greenhouse.
Man : Growing my own organic veggies.
House : Didn't ask, not gonna tell.
House : She didn't hesitate. She didn't oversell.
House : Took me years to learn how to lie like that. Rachel has it on instinct.
Man : Sounds like you're real fond of that kid.
House : You're really not good with nuance, are you?
House : I admire her talent.
House : I'm just gonna numb you up.
Driscoll : I gotta go.
Masters : Latest kidney function test shows no improvement.
House : Nice stitches. Did they hurt?
Landon : No, they gave me a shot of something.
House : That was lidocaine.
House : It triggered an underlying genetic condition called variegate porphyria.
Masters : That would explain their symptoms.
Driscoll : But I didn't have any lidocaine.
House : But you had a handful of antihistamines,
House : courtesy of the deviant in the next bed.
House : It's also a porphyria trigger.
Landon : Wait. So we have the same genetic thing?