UNK: So you know how much milk you need.
UNK: It tastes better milk first!
Robin : It all tastes the same once it's in the bowl.
Doug : Why are you wearing my dad's pants?
Robin : Milk first it is.
UNK: What are you reading?
UNK: The business section.
UNK: The fed's going to lower rates again
UNK: To bail out these sub-prime lenders.
UNK: Bunch of idiots.
UNK: Ms. Aldrin says it's not nice to call people names.
Robin : Well, maybe if they weren't such idiots,
Robin : I wouldn't have to call them that.
Doug : That's what I said.
Doug : You're pretty cool.
Robin : You, too.
Ted : Meanwhile, stacey and I had started dating.
UNK: Oh, stacey was the girl from the bar.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Anyway, I was close to winning the bet
UNK: Future Ted VO : When something unexpected happened.
UNK: Future Ted VO : I started to really like her.
Ted : Well, have fun in yoga.
Ted : She's strengthening her core.
UNK: I think that's going to be good.
UNK: Yeah? All right.
Ted : After a while, crocodile.
UNK: You see this?
Ted : Game face.
UNK: Whatever, ted. Oh.
Ted : Get this.
Ted : She plays bass
Ted : In a reggae band.
Ted : They're having a show this Friday.
Ted : How cool is that?
Barney : Oh, does she know that one song?
UNK: ♪ Mm-mm, chaka, mm-mm, chaka.
Barney : What's that song called?
Barney : Oh, right. It's called every reggae song.
UNK: I am not irrelevant. What?
Marshall : I ran the numbers.
UNK: If lily and I have sex twice a week,
Marshall : Which let's be honest, we all know is being conservative,
Marshall : And we've been together
Marshall : For ten years,
UNK: Plus 17 more times on the honeymoon,
UNK: Minus the two-week drought when I said the checker
Marshall : At the grocery store reminded me of a young lily,
UNK: Then we have had sex a total of...
UNK: Wait for it... Nice.
UNK: 1,053-1/2 times.
Marshall : My mom called once.
Marshall : But that's more times than barney
UNK: Has ever had sex, and to your point, ted,
Marshall : Lily is a quality girl.
Barney : I win.
Marshall : Lawyered.
Ted : Doesn't count.
UNK: It totally counts.
UNK: You're right. It does count.
UNK: It counts as one.
UNK: You've had sex once.
UNK: How was it?
UNK: I still matter.
UNK: Okay, ted, go win the bet.
Barney : You have my blessing. She's a wonderful girl.
Barney : I should know.
UNK: Oh, okay.
UNK: Okay, I see what you're doing.
UNK: We've never shared a woman, have we, ted?
UNK: Isn't that funny?
UNK: You're with her now.
UNK: I was with her a year ago.
UNK: You figure, for her, that's like 200 showers ago.
UNK: You've got to ask yourself, ted,
UNK: "is 200 enough?"
UNK: You know what?
UNK: I don't mind.
UNK: No, of course you don't mind.
UNK: Just like the second guy to climb
UNK: Mount everest didn't mind getting all the way to the top
UNK: Only to find sir edmund hillary's flagpole
UNK: Thrust into its supple peak.
Barney : No, I'm sure when you're with her,
Barney : I'll be the furthest thing from your mind.
Barney : Kissing what I've already kissed,
Barney : Nuzzling what I've already nuzzled,
Ted : Going
UNK: On what I've already gone on.
Ted : Barney, I'm not afraid
UNK: Of catching your cooties, 'kay?
Barney : Really? Ted's not afraid of cooties?
UNK: No. Okay, well, then I guess you'd have no problem
Barney : Having a sip of my gin and tonic.
Ted : Fine.
Barney : And I only stirred that with my pinky.
Robin : Guess who loves robin.
Robin : Kids. Kids love robin.
Robin : Doug thinks I'm pretty cool.
UNK: Really, that's great!
Lily : You and george, all thanks to me.
UNK: Yeah, I'm going to have to break up with him.
Marshall : What?
UNK: Well, it's just...
UNK: It's getting a little bit too serious with the kid.
Robin : You know, it's just not
Robin : What I'm looking for.
UNK: So better I break it off now before he gets too attached.
Marshall : What?
Lily : I hate to tell you this, but...
Lily : Too late.
Lily : He drew it in class today.
Robin : Oh, crap.
Robin : There's no way that's a picture of me.
Robin : That woman has on hoop earrings.
Robin : I don't even own hoop earrings.
Robin : I have one pair and they're gold.
Robin : Those are fruit loops.
Lily : You are so in denial right now
Lily : And you're doing what you always do in relationships :
UNK: The second you get close to a guy, you want to bail.
UNK: Okay, granted, he's six,
UNK: But the point stands.
UNK: Well, we'll ask the guys.
Robin : They'll tell you that's not me.
Marshall : That's totally you.
UNK: Wh... You guys are crazy.
Ted : Hey, who drew the picture of robin?
Robin : It's not me.
Marshall : You're joking, right?
UNK: It's not me! "my new mommy."
UNK: Kind of has a nice ring to it.