Lily : Robin, what's the big deal?
Lily : He's just a kid.
UNK: He's not going to bite.
Lily : He may bite.
Lily : We're working on biting.
Robin : Why is this kid around anyway?
Robin : Shouldn't he be with his mom?
UNK: I mean, what kind of lawyer does this guy have
Robin : If he has to take care of the kid all the time?
Lily : A good one.
Lily : He won full custody.
UNK: He won?! He won?
Robin : Oh, god, getting the kid is winning, isn't it?
Robin : Don't tell anyone I said that.
UNK: Mm. No.
UNK: Barney and Ted sit at booth Barney : I'm going out buying eye patches.
UNK: Barney and Ted sit at booth Barney : What are you doing to help score chicks?
UNK: Okay, I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
Ted : People with real game don't need eye patches.
Barney : Oh. Theodore.
Barney : No, no, no.
UNK: You can't spell "game" without "me,"
Barney : And me has the best game.
Ted : Yeah, well,
Ted : I got so much game, I'm cornish game hen.
Barney : Oh, yeah? I'm the new york state gaming commissioner.
Ted : Well, I'm the game.
Ted : Well-crafted, keep-you-guessing thriller
Ted : Starring michael douglas and sean penn.
Ted : Wow.
Marshall : Wow. You're here
Marshall : And not in stall two.
Ted : Yeah. So?
Marshall : I may have made some
Marshall : Wildly inappropriate homoerotic comments
Marshall : To a gentleman wearing your shoes.
UNK: Okay, marshall? Yes.
Barney : Which one of us has more game?
Marshall : Neither of you guys has any game, right?
Marshall : Or else you'd be married, like me.
Marshall : What?
UNK: If dating is the game,
UNK: Then marriage is winning the game.
Ted : Yeah. If you're playing in the women's league.
Marshall : You're joking.
UNK: I have mad game, brah.
UNK: Okay, one :
Barney : We agreed not to ever say "brah" anymore.
Barney : It was a good week, we had a lot of fun,
Barney : But it's over.
Two : You've been with lily for 11 years.
UNK: Your idea of good game
Barney : Is slapping on a dr. Seuss hat
Barney : And flashing two tickets to a spin doctors concert.
Ted : Yeah, I hate to say it, buddy,
UNK: But, uh, you're kind of irrelevant.
Marshall : What? I am not irrelevant.
Marshall : I know tons of stuff.
UNK: I can help you guys.
UNK: I don't want to be left out.
Barney : Ted, you do not have more game than me.
Barney : By sheer numbers
Barney : Alone, I win.
Barney : Come on, dude. You've seen my list.
UNK: You guys want to hear one of my lines?
Ted : First of all, I did not ask to see that list,
Ted : And I am still horrified.
UNK: And true game
Ted : Is about quality, not quantity,
Ted : And a quality girl would pick me over you any day.
Marshall : Are you a model?
Marshall : That one's good because it's flattering.
Marshall : To the girl.
Ted : Ted,
Barney : I challenge you to a picking up girls olympiad.
UNK: Fine. There will be 26 events
Barney : Spread out over 11 weeks.
Barney : We will travel to a neutral city
Barney : Where a panel of international judges...
Ted : Or we could just choose a girl,
Ted : And the first one to seal the deal wins?
UNK: That's good, too. Mm-hmm.
Barney : How about her?
Ted : You're on.
Barney : Before we start,
Barney : Why don't we jot down a few basic ground rules?
UNK: Okay, great. Rule ♪1 : No eye patches
Ted : Or props of any...
Marshall : One time,
Marshall : I was with this girl, and I tried that model line,
Marshall : And I totally got some over-the-shirt boob action
UNK: In the "just say no" assembly.
UNK: Man, just stop.
Ted : You're bumming everybody out.
Ted : Rule number two...
Ted : This bet is for one million dollars.
UNK: I win. How?
Barney : Oh, I slept with her.
Barney : About a year ago.
Barney : I just forgot.
Ted : Oh, well, that doesn't count.
Ted : The bet started the moment we shook.
UNK: But I can't sleep with her again. She hates me.
Ted : Oh. Interesting.
Ted : Look who just took a commanding lead.
Ted : Now with you out of the picture, I can take my sweet time.
Marshall : Ted, she's leaving. Get out of my way.
Barney : By the look
Barney : Of those shoes, here comes your bathroom buddy.
Marshall : Look who's got game.
UNK: So, you're a big kids person, huh?
Robin : Only the biggest ever.
Robin : I think kids are
Robin : So great,
UNK: Especially, um, the little ones.
Robin : You know, uh... Pudgy,
Robin : Can't sit up, don't have teeth yet.
UNK: You mean babies? Yeah, I like that kind.
UNK: Well, doug's almost six, so...
Robin : Oh, six is great.
UNK: Oh, you are going to love six.
UNK: Six is when they, uh, they really start to, um...
Robin : I hate kids.
UNK: Excuse me. What?
UNK: I mean, I don't hate kids.
UNK: I'm-I'm just not a kid person.
UNK: I mean, yeah, it's cute that their shoes are real little,
UNK: But beyond that, what's the draw?
UNK: You must think I'm nuts.
UNK: What? No, no, no. I...
George : So you don't like kids, so what?
UNK: And I'm not looking
George : For a mother for doug.
UNK: Uh, why don't we just hold off on you meeting him?
Robin : Yeah.
Robin : Let's take things slow.
Ted : And kids, that's exactly what she did.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Then, on a totally different day
UNK: Future Ted VO : That was definitely not the next morning,