UNK: Which chumbawamba song?
UNK: Well, what an interesting turn of events.
UNK: It looks like I'm going to win.
UNK: What do you mean "win"? You couldn't even talk to her.
UNK: You tried and you got slapped. Mm-hmm.
Barney : That's what you think happened.
UNK: Okay, great, rule ♪1 :
Ted : No eye patches or props of any...
UNK: Here's the deal : My friend just got dumped, so he's a little shy,
Barney : But he'd love to buy you a drink and get to know you.
Barney : The problem is, he thinks a pretty girl like you won't go for a guy like him.
Barney : So would you slap me across the face so he can see
Barney : You're not into guys who'd feed you lines?
Barney : What do you say? For my friend?
Stacy : You are so sweet.
Barney : So now, whatever nice things
Barney : Ted does for her, in her mind,
Barney : I'm the guy who's even nicer than him.
Ted : So you never slept with her?
Barney : Not even at all.
Marshall : Wow, that's good.
Barney : It gets better.
Barney : Remember ted's phone conversation?
Ted : Well, have fun in yoga.
Lily : Well...
UNK: I am... Sorry.
UNK: Stacey, right?
Stacy : Yeah... Oh, you're ted's friend from the bar, right?
Barney : Yeah. Wait, don't tell me you go to yoga here, too.
Robin : I do.
Ted : She plays bass in a reggae band.
UNK: And then I'm going to head out to a reggae concert.
Barney : I'm a huge fan of reggae.
UNK: Oh, my gosh!
Stacy : I play in a reggae band.
Robin : No way.
Barney : I wonder why ted didn't tell me about that.
Barney : Like I said, I'm a huge reggae fan.
UNK: Well... I should go inside.
Ted : After a while, crocodile.
UNK: Stacy, Barney : See you later, allig... See you later, allig...
Barney : We are two peas.
UNK: Wow, well, take care.
UNK: Um, namaste.
Ted : You are a sociopath.
Ted : That was my yoga mat.
Barney : So now with ted out of the picture,
UNK: I'm going to swoop in and win the whole thing.
UNK: Why? Parce que j'ai le jeu, mes chiennes.
Translation :
UNK: "'cause I got game, bitches."
Ted : No. No, this doesn't prove anything because...
Barney : hold on a second.
UNK: It's stacey.
UNK: Hey, stace?
Barney : What happened?
UNK: He did not!
Barney : Stay there.
Barney : I'll be right over.
UNK: I should've just worn that stupid eye patch.
UNK: Oh, I can't believe you got dumped by a six-year-old.
UNK: Whatever. He's a stupid-head.
Robin : I'm just... I'm done with kids.
UNK: Future Ted VO : Of course, robin eventually made her peace with kids.
UNK: Future Ted VO : And as you guys know, she went on to appear
UNK: Future Ted VO : In some very important works of art : Yours.
UNK: ♪ Well, things are changing quite a bit ♪
UNK: ♪ I don't know how it's come to this ♪
UNK: ♪ I thought that we were better off ♪
UNK: ♪ We're worse than sitting on the fence ♪
UNK: ♪ Can't keep crying about the way... ♪
Robin : Hey.
Stacy : You know, I really appreciate
Stacy : How cool you've been about us taking things slow.
UNK: Since ted, you know, I...
UNK: I don't really want to get physical too fast.
Barney : That's what makes you so special, baby.
Stacy : Anyway, I am so psyched
Stacy : To be playing sunsplash tomorrow.
Stacy : We go on sometime between 11 : 00 and 6 : 00,
UNK: So you probably want to get there before 9 : 00 just to be safe.
Stacy : Oh, and it's gonna be muddy.
UNK: ♪
UNK: ♪ Jump up, jump up, and turn around ♪
UNK: ♪ Work your body now up and down ♪
UNK: ♪ Jump up, jump up, and turn around ♪
UNK: ♪ To the rhythm that's going round ♪
UNK: ♪ Come on, come on and dance with me... ♪