Perlmutter : When I crack this open, expect the foulest of foul stenches.
Alexis : - Set? - Okay.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Is the body missing or did you just pull off an awesome magic trick?
Castle : You are amazing, sir!
Perlmutter : Nope. No prints. Thank you very much.
Perlmutter : Whoever removed Olivia's remains was careful.
UNK: Goodbye.
Castle : How do these people manage to stay one step ahead of us?
Beckett : Olivia's aunt said it was an open-casket funeral.
Beckett : So her body must have been in here at one point.
Castle : The mortuary company must have switched out the bodies
Castle : between the funeral and the burial.
UNK: Yeah, but the company's out of business,
Beckett : so there's no way of finding out.
Castle : Winston had to have paid to get rid of the body,
Castle : just in case Brady ever wanted to come clean with the police.
Beckett : Mmm-hmm. Looks like it.
Castle : This guy's got contingency plans for his contingency plans.
Castle : Feels like we're battling a super villain!
UNK: Hey! Excuse me, dynamic duo.
Perlmutter : What am I doing with this?
Castle : Well, it depends. What can you get for a secondhand casket these days?
Beckett : I'll call Olivia's family and find out what they wanna do.
Castle : Seriously, though, I wonder what you could get for a slightly-used coffin.
Castle : That thing is top of the line.
Castle : - Did you check the drawer? - What drawer?
Castle : High-end coffins often have a small drawer hidden somewhere in the lid.
Castle : That way, families can place mementos in there
Castle : or psychotic killers can hide evidence.
Beckett : Thank you. Sorry.
UNK: Nothing suspicious, it's just a bunch of family photographs.
Castle : - What does that button say? - Looks like a political button.
Castle : Was Edna Debiasse Olivia's mother?
Castle : - Let me borrow your magnifying glass. - I don't have a magnifying glass.
Castle : Isn't that standard issue for detectives?
Beckett : No. Not since Sherlock Holmes.
Perlmutter : - We can use mine. - Of course.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : "Casper Wellesley, Senate '78."
Castle : Olivia's mother worked on the campaign.
Castle : All roads lead to Wellesley.
Beckett : Are you looking at porn? - I use Ryan's computer for that.
Castle : I've been searching a periodical database. Look what I found.
Castle : In this article, it talks about how during his 1978 Senate run,
Castle : Casper had his sons, Blake and Winston,
Castle : heading up his campaign headquarters in Ithaca.
Beckett : Where Olivia's mom worked.
Beckett : She and Winston had to have crossed paths.
Castle : Exactly. Now why would Winston keep that from us?
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : We ran all the guard's names off that duty roster
Esposito : you got us from Brady's prison. He's the only one that red-flagged.
Ryan : Name's Patterson.
Ryan : Made a deposit last month for $5,000 cash.
Ryan : Then the day Brady was killed, he makes another deposit in cash.
UNK: - This time for $ 10,000. - Lf there's anything I hate,
Montgomery : - it's a dirtbag in uniform. Mmm-hmm.
Montgomery : So where you guys at with Winston Wellesley's alibi?
Ryan : - We have a few leads. - Keep pushing on that. I'll push on this.
Beckett : Mr. Wellesley, we are going to find out the truth.
Beckett : And the amount of dust that we kick up doing that is entirely up to you.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I do seem to recall making her acquaintance.