Esposito : with whoever was making payments.
Ryan : Prison should have a record of everyone Brady talked to.
Montgomery : We already checked his phone logs. There's nothing there.
Esposito : How about e-mail?
Montgomery : We're running it down.
Castle : Well, whatever Brady said, it worked. Payments started up again.
Castle : Then, a month ago, nothing.
Ryan : You think maybe Brady got fed up with the situation?
Ryan : Figured if whoever he made the deal with
Ryan : wasn't holding up their end of the bargain, why was he?
Beckett : Then he calls up his Aunt Sally, asks her to send the evidence
Beckett : that proves his innocence to the arresting officer.
Castle : Is it possible someone was monitoring his calls?
Castle : I mean, whoever killed our bike messenger
Castle : had to have been tipped off the package was in motion.
Montgomery : The only people that monitor calls are prison staff.
UNK: $ 7,000 a month for 10 years is almost a million, total.
Esposito : Whoever we're dealing with obviously has the means
Esposito : - to buy somebody off. - Get the duty roster from the prison.
Montgomery : See who was working when Brady made his calls.
Montgomery : Set up a protection detail for the wife and the kid.
Beckett : It's already done, sir.
Beckett : Captain, you had the confessions, the evidence.
Beckett : Anyone would have come to the same conclusion.
Montgomery : I didn't push hard enough. I knew this case was off.
Montgomery : Everything just fell into place so perfectly.
Montgomery : Now what have we got?
Montgomery : An innocent bystander with no connection to the killer.
Montgomery : And without physical evidence,
Montgomery : there's no way of tracking who was driving that car.
Montgomery : And catching a break on a prison murder? That's a long shot.
Montgomery : Especially if you're dealing with a corrupt guard.
Beckett : Okay, but we still have the original murder from 10 years ago.
Beckett : Everything started there.
UNK: Two fresh bodies, and you wanna look at a murder 10 years cold?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : When I'm writing a story, the beginning is always the hardest.
Castle : But if you nail that, the rest of it can just fall into place.