Martha : What do I do?
Castle : - It's your call. - My call.
Castle : There's always Dot and her kitty cat's medical mysteries.
Castle : Everything okay?
Esposito : Another dead end in the messenger case.
Esposito : Uniforms located the stolen car that ran him down,
Esposito : but CSU got bupkis. No prints, no hairs.
Castle : It's sounding more and more like a professional hit.
Esposito : - Yeah. - What about surveillance?
Castle : Any cameras around where the car was dumped?
Esposito : No, our masked man knew what he was doing.
Esposito : Well, at least our tip on the doctor paid off.
Esposito : Prison vic's wife came in with her son first thing this morning.
UNK: Captain and Beckett are interviewing her now.
Castle : - I'm gonna go. - I wouldn't...
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Do you have any idea who killed him?
Beckett : We're working on it. Ms. Thompson, do you know anything about a package
Beckett : that your husband asked his Aunt Sally to send out for him yesterday?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Yeah. It was his insurance policy. He gave it to her when he went away.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Insurance policy?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : It was proof he didn't kill the woman he went to jail for murdering.
Montgomery : - But he confessed. - Well, he might have confessed,
UNK: Valerie Thompson : but he didn't do it.
Montgomery : With all due respect, Mrs. Thompson, half the men in prison
Montgomery : will swear up and down they didn't do it.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Do those men's wives get a package in the mail every month
UNK: with $ 7,000 cash in it?
Castle : Uh, your husband confessed to a murder he didn't commit for money?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : I know this will sound crazy, but we didn't know what else to do.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Jared was born with a rare respiratory disease,
UNK: Valerie Thompson : and we didn't have the money or the insurance
UNK: Valerie Thompson : to get him the therapy he needed.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : If Brady hadn't done what he did, Jared wouldn't even be alive right now.
Montgomery : Did Brady ever tell you who actually committed the murder
Montgomery : he went away for?
UNK: No. I don't even know if he knew who it was.
UNK: Over 10 years, you never asked who his contact was,
Montgomery : who approached him, who was paying you?