Sara : But then...
Sara : - You'll bury her back the way she was? - Of course.
Sara : At least she had the funeral she deserved.
Sara : Thank God for Mr. Wellesley.
Beckett : - Mr. Wellesley? - The man who paid for everything.
Castle : Which Mr. Wellesley was that?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Winston Wellesley.
Castle : Paid for her funeral?
Castle : - Can anyone say "guilty conscience"? - Yeah.
Beckett : Hey, Esposito, run down Winston Wellesley's alibi.
Beckett : Talk to doormen, chauffeurs, the whole gamut.
Esposito : - I'll see what I can do. Thank you.
Ryan : Prison duty roster. How'd you pull it off, sir?
Montgomery : They didn't make me captain just because I look good behind a desk.
Montgomery : Run all the guards on that roster. Look for anything out of the ordinary.
Beckett : Sir, I'm gonna call the cemetery to make arrangements
Beckett : - to exhume the body tomorrow. - You know what I don't get?
Montgomery : Whoever is behind this, why'd he stop paying Brady?
Montgomery : These Wellesleys have plenty of money. If the money hadn't stopped,
Montgomery : Brady never would have set off this triggering domino that started all this.
Castle : Let me let you in on a little secret.
Castle : You know how rich people stay rich? They are cheap.
Castle : Why pay for Brady for the rest of his life,
Castle : when you can kill him for a fraction of the price?
UNK: But then why would he wait 10 years?
Montgomery : Something changed. Something must have happened.
Esposito : - Yeah. Captain Montgomery?
Castle : Blake Wellesley.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Hate to bother you, but do you have a minute to chat?
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I speak for the entire Wellesley family
UNK: Blake Wellesley : when I say you can expect our full cooperation in this investigation.
UNK: But?
Castle : You can tell, there's a "but" coming.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Not a "but," a "however."
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Like I said, we'll cooperate, however,
UNK: Blake Wellesley : we request that these unannounced interviews come to a stop.
Beckett : - Here we go. - Beckett, let's hear him out.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I apologize if I'm coming off like one of those guys, Detective.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : It's just that these impromptu visits are a bit awkward.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : My nephew Trent said you spoke to him when he visited my mother.