UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : and I bailed early and went clubbing.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : I believe there may have been Bolivian Marching Powder involved.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : We got picked up for public intoxication.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : My father got the charges dropped, but there's still a record of our arrest.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : If you can't find it, I have a framed copy at home.
Beckett : Did you have an argument with Olivia that night?
Beckett : - Or see anyone else who did? - No.
Beckett : A witness saw Olivia having it out
Beckett : with a man in a blue blazer and an orange-striped tie.
Beckett : Do you remember anyone who fit that description?
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Actually, I do.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : All Wellesley family events have a strict dress code.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : The, uh, blazers are standard,
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : but Lenanne Wellesley, the family matriarch,
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : handpicks the men's ties.
Castle : - Are you thinking what I'm thinking? - Yep. We got a hell of a lot of suspects.
UNK: Yes, Chief. I know, Chief. As soon as I possibly can, Chief.
Montgomery : They cut our staff 20%, they get upset when our closure rate drops 3%.
Montgomery : You ask me, we're working miracles to do what we're doing.
Ryan : Sir, we can do this later if you have a higher priority.
Montgomery : Never let the job get in the way of the job.
Montgomery : - Where were we? - Well, Brady and his contact
Esposito : communicated through a dummy e-mail account.
Esposito : We tried to trace the address, but it was a dead end.
Montgomery : Where are we with reviewing the guards?
Ryan : Nowhere. The warden refuses to provide us with a duty roster.
Esposito : Said he was offended we assumed one of his men was dirty.
Esposito : - He wanted to handle it in-house. - Yeah? Well, that doesn't work for me.
Beckett : Do any of these men look like
Beckett : the one that you saw arguing with Olivia
Beckett : the night of the party?
Edwina : Look, it was a stupid waitress job 10 years ago.
Edwina : Do you remember what you were doing 10 years ago?
Castle : Can you recall any details? Was he wearing glasses?
Castle : Did he have a tattoo?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : All I know is that the man was yelling at the girl.
Edwina : He got so riled up he spilled his wine,
Edwina : and I ended up cleaning it off of the carpet.
Castle : - Did he spill any on himself? - I don't know. Maybe.
Castle : - Him! - Him!
UNK: -- [21 : Trent Wellesley?
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD. I need to have a word.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : Yes. My old friend Jeff said I might be hearing from you.
UNK: Jenanne Wellesley : - Police? Are they the police? - Yes, Grandmother.
UNK: Jenanne Wellesley : My ring was stolen.
Martha : Oh, oh. They're not here for you, Grandmother.
UNK: Jenanne Wellesley : My ring was stolen. It's expensive.
UNK: Frank Davis : Trent, perhaps you should take this conversation elsewhere.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : Of course, Frank. She gets a little confused sometimes.
UNK: Okay, let's get this over with. It was me.
Castle : - It was you? What? - I was the one who had the argument
UNK: Trent Wellesley : with the girl that Jeff brought to the reunion that night.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : The girl who was killed.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : I didn't care for her behavior, so I asked her to leave.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : Girls like that hang around families like mine for a reason.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : They want something.
Beckett : Jeff brought her as his plus-one.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : But he had left by then and she stayed.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : She tried to chat up more than one of my relatives.
Castle : - Anyone in particular? - You're barking up the wrong tree.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : No one in my family had anything to do with what happened to her.
Beckett : Someone paid almost a million dollars to cover up her murder.
Beckett : That makes everyone in your family a suspect, including you.
UNK: Trent Wellesley : Trust me, if I had that kind of money to throw around,
UNK: Trent Wellesley : I wouldn't be here sucking up to the old lady.