Castle : The plot thickens. Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : There's no name, but according to the description she gave,
Beckett : he was in his mid-20s, medium build,
Beckett : wearing a blue blazer and an orange-striped tie.
Castle : Ooh, I don't know about you guys,
Castle : but I am getting a delicious millionaire playboy vibe here.
Beckett : The waitress was under the impression that he arrived with Olivia.
Montgomery : Olivia's best friend was a gal that she worked with.
Montgomery : Maybe she could tell us who Olivia hung out with.
Ryan : Perlmutter just finished reviewing Olivia's autopsy report
Ryan : from back in the day. He says he found something.
Montgomery : You guys take the morgue. I'll follow up on Olivia's friend.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Perlmutter : I've gone through Ms. Debiasse's files and her autopsy was fairly limited.
Perlmutter : I assume when Brady confessed, the ME decided not to be thorough.
Beckett : - Did he miss something? - It's hard to say.
Castle : What does your gut tell you?
Perlmutter : My gut tells me I'm hungry, but I'm not gonna be able to eat
Perlmutter : until I'm done with the two of you.
Perlmutter : So why don't I just tell you what my keen ME training tells me?
UNK: All right, Brady said he hit Olivia with a baseball bat. But look at these.
Perlmutter : When I look at these wounds and the skull fracture pattern,
Perlmutter : I'm just not seeing a baseball bat strike.
Beckett : Brady lied about killing her,
Beckett : he might have lied about what was used to do it.
Beckett : Can you determine how she was killed?
Perlmutter : I'd only be speculating. To do it properly,
Perlmutter : I'd have to X-ray the skull and examine the remains.
Castle : - You want to exhume the body? - The only way to do it right.
Perlmutter : Plus, who knows what else I might find?
Beckett : Olivia was raised by a single mom who's deceased as well,
Beckett : so let me call the next of kin and see what I can do.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Excuse me. Beckett.
Castle : You sure it's sanitary to be eating here?
Perlmutter : You know the strength of the disinfectants we use here?
Perlmutter : This is the cleanest room in the city.
Castle : - I couldn't. - Homemade.
Castle : I couldn't.
Beckett : Caught a break. Captain talked to the friend.
Castle : Does she remember who Olivia was with?
Beckett : Jeff Dilahunt, who's had his fair share of run-ins with the law.
Beckett : And he has a trust fund worth millions.
Castle : Enough to pay $ 7,000 a month.
Beckett : - Bingo. - Boo-yah.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Uh, I met Olivia at a nightclub.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : She hadn't been in town long, but she seemed like a real party girl.
Beckett : - Were the two of you dating? - Uh, no, just friends.
UNK: What? Can't a guy and a girl just be friends?
Castle : - Please. - Are you two together?
Castle : - Not yet. - Absolutely not.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Look, it was, uh, no big deal.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : I happened to mention that a school friend of mine
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : was having a family reunion here at the Pierson Club
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : and asked me to stop by.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Olivia really wanted to come, so I took her.
Castle : Who would want to go to someone else's family reunion?
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Well, I suppose that all depends on the family.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : In this case, it happened to be the Wellesleys.
UNK: The "Wellesleys" Wellesleys? The rich and powerful Wellesleys?
Beckett : The conservative New York Wellesleys?
Beckett : - Wasn't that one of our senators? - Yeah, he was.
Castle : Senator Casper Wellesley. He died early '90s.
Castle : His kid's running for his seat again this year.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Well, I'll tell you what. Next time I'm invited, I'll take you.
Beckett : Mr. Dilahunt, where were you between 10 : 00 p.m. And 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : The night that she was killed?
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Okay, well, a couple of, uh, Wellesley cousins