UNK: Winston Wellesley : Mother, did you go to Olivia's apartment that night?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Well, she crossed me, had to be stopped.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : What did you do, Mother?
Beckett : Mrs. Wellesley, did you kill Olivia Debiasse?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Kill her? Why would I kill her?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : No. I said, "Take care of it," and it was taken care of.
Beckett : And who did you ask to take care of it?
Montgomery : Well, well, well. If it isn't Frank Davis.
UNK: Frank Davis : - Sorry, pal. Got the wrong guy. - I don't think so, pal.
Montgomery : I just spent the better part of the day sweating a guard named Patterson
Montgomery : who works in the prison where Brady Thompson was killed.
UNK: Frank Davis : I don't know any Brady Thompson and I don't know any Patterson.
Montgomery : That's funny, 'cause he knows you. Said that you paid him
Montgomery : to monitor Brady Thompson's calls about a package.
Esposito : No. No, no, no.
Montgomery : Said that you paid him to have a lifer put a shiv in Brady Thompson's back.
Montgomery : Now you tell me how I got the wrong guy.
UNK: Cuffs.
Castle : - So, Frank was the family hitman? - More like the family fixer.
Montgomery : He cleaned up all types of dirt for Senator Wellesley back in the day.
Montgomery : He knows where all the bodies are buried.
UNK: And which ones needed to be dug up.
Montgomery : And then after he got rid of Olivia on Mrs. Wellesley's orders,
Montgomery : he called around to all his low-life connections
Montgomery : until he found someone desperate enough to cut a deal.
UNK: Then why, after 10 years,
Castle : would he suddenly stop paying Brady to do his jail time?
Montgomery : When Mrs. Wellesley lost her faculties, Blake was granted power of attorney.
Beckett : Frank couldn't get the money to make the payments anymore.
Castle : So he stopped, figuring Brady would just disappear.
Montgomery : And when he found out Brady had evidence to prove his innocence,
Montgomery : Frank panicked. He stole Mrs. Wellesley's ring
Montgomery : and hocked it to finance his plan to shut Brady up permanently.
Beckett : By the way, I took a look at the precinct's numbers.
Beckett : Three closed cases puts us just over the mandated case closure rate.
Beckett : Right in time for the review tomorrow.
Montgomery : You know what's even better than that?
UNK: After 10 years, I can call Olivia's aunt and tell her that we really got the guy.