Martha : Well, that was easy. All right! What do we do next?
Alexis : Set up your profile. Name? Martha Rodgers.
Alexis : Sex? Female.
Alexis : - Race? - Color-blind.
Martha : Why should I categorize myself? Shades of gray, darling.
Alexis : - Age? - Ageless.
Martha : - No, better yet, timeless. - Oh, you don't wanna put that.
Castle : Makes you sound like you belong in a museum.
Martha : You have a point. Uh, I know, type in "old enough."
UNK: - Nice. What are you ladies doing? Mmm.
Martha : Alexis is assisting me in creating a MyFace account.
Castle : - I think you mean... - Save your breath.
Alexis : I've been correcting her all morning.
Martha : Well, it's my face, isn't it?
Martha : It's not your face or someone else's face.
Martha : I don't... Well, anyway.
Martha : My fellow cast members have been raving about what fun it is,
Martha : what a great networking tool it is, so here I am.
Alexis : And now you just need to select a photo for your profile page.
Martha : Okay! Should we go dramatic?
Martha : Or commercial?
Martha : Or sassy?
UNK: Don't you have anything from this century?
Martha : - Why, you think the hair is a bit dated? - Not exactly what I was getting at.
Martha : Uh-huh, I know what you were getting at.
Martha : You're no spring chicken yourself, you know.
Martha : Have you looked in the mirror lately? I have two words for you,
Martha : "hairline" and "receding."
Martha : Made you look.
Alexis : She totally got you, Dad.
Castle : Yes, Beckett. Either there's a dead body
Castle : or you just want to hear my sultry voice.
Castle : Dead body it is, where?
Beckett : - You got here fast, Castle. - My side of town.
Beckett : - So, what do we got? - May I?
Esposito : - Be my guest. - Thank you.
Castle : - Our victim's name is Caleb Shimky... - Shimansky.
Castle : - Is that a name? - Yeah, it's a name.
UNK: Kevin Bacon is a bike messenger who failed as a...
Beckett : Esposito, take him to school.
Esposito : The victim is Caleb Shimansky, an on-duty bike messenger.
UNK: Masked suspect in a black 4-door plows into him, killing him instantly.
Esposito : The suspect steals the messenger bag, jumps in his ride and jets off.
Beckett : See, that wasn't so hard.
Castle : No, no, it's good, if you like the dull, non-best-seller version.
Esposito : I thought I gave it some flair.
Beckett : I'm assuming we have plenty of witnesses?
Esposito : Several. Three of them got the suspect's license plate number.
Castle : Aw, man. It's like having a cheat code. You've got multiple witnesses
Castle : and a license plate number.
Castle : It's gonna take you all of, what, five minutes to solve it?
Ryan : Ran the suspect's plates,
Ryan : the car was reported stolen an hour ago.
Castle : A masked man in a stolen car. Our thief planned this
Castle : and obviously wanted what was ever in that messenger bag.
Ryan : Something our vic was delivering. A package or a box.
Beckett : Contact the courier company.
UNK: I wanna know what was in that bag.
Castle : Whatever it was, it was important enough
Castle : to kill the messenger.
Beckett : Sir, we got an APB out on the car,
Beckett : but Esposito and Ryan got nothing on the canvass.
Montgomery : Do we know what was in the package?
Beckett : The, uh, courier company's looking into it right now.
Beckett : Whatever it was, somebody thought that it was worth killing for.
Castle : Off the top of my head, I'm gonna go with nuclear launch codes,
Castle : Dick Cheney's soul on its way to the devil...
Montgomery : All good theories, Castle. All good theories.
Beckett : Um, sir, are you okay? You seem a little distracted.
Montgomery : No, I'm focused.
Montgomery : Focused on the precinct being up for review
Montgomery : and our case closure rate being
UNK: just under 1 PP's new mandated minimum.
Montgomery : Which, of course, doesn't take the budget cuts into consideration.
Montgomery : Now how the hell am I supposed to catch more bad guys
Montgomery : with fewer detectives?
Esposito : Yo, Cap.
Esposito : Courier company said the vic only had one package in his bag.
Esposito : Picked up from 2739 West 2nd, apartment 3-C.
Esposito : Sent by one S. Nidal Mattar. I ran it through the system.
Esposito : There's a Shakir Nidal Mattar on the terror watch list.
Esposito : - Could be the same guy. - Where was the package going?
Esposito : - 614 East 72nd Street. - East 72nd. That's the 64th Precinct.
Beckett : - Sir, that could be an attack. - I need a full tactical alert.
Montgomery : Have them evacuate the building.
Esposito : I'll coordinate with Homeland Security.
UNK: This is Detective Beckett. We have a possible terrorist attack
UNK: - against the 64th. I need to speak to
UNK: your task force...
UNK: Get ESU over to the pick-up address immediately.
UNK: All units on alert. - Yes, this is Montgomery,
UNK: 12th Precinct...
UNK: Uniform 1 : NYPD! Show me your hands!
UNK: Nobody move!
Esposito : - Where's Nidal Mattar? - But...
Esposito : Shakir Nidal Mattar, where is he?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : There's no Shakir Nidal Nattar here! Only Sally Niedermeyer.
Beckett : Ma'am, did you send a package by bike courier this morning?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Yes, I did.
Beckett : S. Nidal Mattar, S. Niedermeyer.
Beckett : Some bozo at the courier company wrote the name wrong.
Castle : - Our bad. I'm gonna... - We can...
Ryan : Yeah, we can fix this. Grab that.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Mrs. Niedermeyer, somebody stole the courier bag
Beckett : that your package was in.
Beckett : And in the course of the crime, a bike messenger was killed.
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Oh, that's terrible.
Beckett : Yeah, we're trying to figure out why they stole the bag.
Beckett : You sent it to the 64th Precinct, is that right?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Could you tell us what was in the package?
Martha : - No. - No?
Martha : - No. - "No," you don't want to?
Castle : Or "no," you don't remember or know what's in the package?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Yes, to the second part, the "don't know" part.
Beckett : - Where'd you get the package? - From my favorite nephew. Brady.
Beckett : - Okay, where can we find Brady? - In prison.
Castle : "Prison" prison? When did he give you the package?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Ten years ago, just before they sent him upstate.
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Brady came over, handed me the package,
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : and then he said, "Mema, take good care of this package.
UNK: "Don't tell anyone about it. And never, ever open it."
Castle : Then why all of a sudden would you messenger it?
UNK: Brady called about 7 : 30 this morning
UNK: and asked me to send it right away to the man it was addressed to.
UNK: The man who arrested him 10 years ago,
UNK: Detective Roy Montgomery.
Beckett : It's Captain Roy Montgomery now.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : - You know him. - Yeah, he's our boss.
Montgomery : - The package was coming to me? Yeah.
Montgomery : - What's his name again? - Brady Thompson.
Beckett : It was back when you were a detective with the 6-4.
Montgomery : Oh, yeah, it's ringing some bells.
Montgomery : But why would he send me a 10-year-old package?
Beckett : Esposito's on the phone with Corrections.
Beckett : He's trying to get an interview.
Castle : Do you recall anything at all about him?
Montgomery : He killed a lady. A push-in robbery gone bad.
Montgomery : Open and shut case. I think we even got a confession out of him.
Beckett : The aunt said that he was pretty insistent
Beckett : about getting the package directly to you.
Beckett : - Do you know why that would be? - You would have to ask him.
Esposito : - Got shanked in prison this morning. - This morning? That's no coincidence.
Montgomery : Have Records pull everything from the old case.
Montgomery : If memory serves, Brady was married when he went away.
Montgomery : See if the wife is still the wife and if she knows anything.
Montgomery : Beckett, call the warden.
Montgomery : I want to see what they know about Brady's murder.
Montgomery : And I need copies of all his phone calls.
Beckett : I want to know exactly what he said to Aunt Sally
Montgomery : - and anyone else, for that matter. - Okay.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett? Paisley Shimansky's here to see you.
Beckett : It's the bike messenger's sister. Excuse me.
Castle : How does she do that?
Montgomery : Better than anyone I know.