Rachel : Oh, look at her. So happy.
Monica : If only there were a smaller one to clean this one.
UNK: Hey, is Chandler here?
UNK: No, he's picking up dinner. Why? What's up?
Phoebe : Look, whatever happens, we're here for you, and we love you.
Phoebe : - All right. - Chandler might be having an affair.
Phoebe : - What? - Phoebe and I saw Chandler...
UNK: ...with a blond woman today outside on the street.
Rachel : And then we followed them to a house in Westchester.
UNK: They went in together. I'm so sorry.
UNK: Oh, my God. Oh, my God, that's awfuI.
Monica : What did you think of the house?
UNK: What?
Joey : Monica, you understand what we're saying, right?
UNK: Yeah. Sure. I mean, I'm devastated, obviously.
Monica : Did you think the neighborhood was homey?
UNK: [scene : - Hey. - You son of a bitch.
Chandler : Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here?
UNK: Phoebe and RacheI saw you with Nancy today.
Monica : They think you're having an affair.
Rachel : - Who's Nancy? - What's going on?
UNK: Okay...
UNK: All right, you better sit down.
UNK: - This is- This is pretty big. - Yeah.
Chandler : I'm not having an affair.
Chandler : Nancy is our realtor.
Joey : I knew he couldn't be with a woman for 45 minutes!
Phoebe : Why do you have a realtor?
UNK: She's been showing us houses outside of the city.
Phoebe : - What? - Are you serious?
Monica : When we found out that we were gonna get this baby...
UNK: ...Chandler and I decided we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
UNK: So you're- So you're gonna move?
Ross : Oh, my God.
Joey : Shouldn't we all vote on stuff like this?
Rachel : What is wrong with raising a kid in the city?
Rachel : I'm doing it. Ross is doing it.
Rachel : Sarah Jessica Parker is doing it!
Monica : And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swing set.
Chandler : A street where our kids can ride their bikes...
Chandler : ...and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
UNK: So you want to buy a house in the '50s.
Phoebe : Have you thought about what you're giving up?
Phoebe : You can't move out of the city. What if-?
Phoebe : What if you want Chinese food at 5 a. m.?
Phoebe : Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains?
Phoebe : Or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
UNK: You know what? If you want to look for a house, that's okay.
Joey : No! No, it's not! Don't listen to him. I'm gonna thump you.
UNK: It's okay, because they have to get it out of their system.
UNK: Okay? But you're gonna realize this is the only place you want to be.
UNK: Actually...
Chandler : ...we already found a house we love.
Phoebe : - What? - About an hour ago, we made an offer.
Chandler : Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh?
Ross : - You put an offer on a house? - It's so sweet.
Monica : It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream.
Monica : And then there's these old maple trees.
UNK: Oh, again with the nature. What are you, beavers?
UNK: Look, I know this is really hard, and we're really sorry.
Joey : Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food?
Joey : Because I can stop doing that.
Joey : I really, really think I can.
Chandler : You know that's not the reason, Joe.
UNK: I think if you saw it, you'd understand.
Monica : You guys were there. It's beautifuI, isn't it?
Rachel : - Yeah, it is. - What the hell are you doing?
UNK: Well, it is, all right? When we were out there today, all I kept thinking was :
UNK: "I can't believe Chandler's screwing this woman...
UNK: ...but, man, this would be a nice place to live!"
Phoebe : Yeah, but so is this.
UNK: Yeah. I mean, if you move there, you have to leave here.
Ross : I mean, how can you leave this place?
UNK: Come on, Daddy, listen!