UNK: So, Walters is bedridden.
Castle : Hixton, like any good neighbor,
Castle : asks the old man if there's anything he can do for him.
UNK: Walters says, "Yes, buy me a lottery ticket."
UNK: Maybe it was a one-time thing, maybe he did it all the time.
UNK: This time, the numbers are announced, and Walters won.
Castle : Hixton rushes back to tell him
Castle : and finds Walters dead.
Beckett : And doesn't know what to do.
Beckett : That's why it took him an extra day to come forward.
Beckett : He was struggling with the moral implications.
Castle : Yeah. But desperate times call for desperate measures.
Castle : He claimed the ticket as his own. Clearly, no one else knew about it.
Beckett : What about family? Did Walters have any?
UNK: Well, according to county records,
UNK: the only living relative of Hank Walters
Ryan : is a nephew named Tom.
Ryan : And guess where he lives?
Beckett : New York City.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm sorry.
UNK: Tom Walters : Are you telling me that I might inherit $ 100 million?
Castle : Come on, Tom. You already figured that out.
Castle : You confronted Hixton.
Castle : You told him you wanted restitution.
Castle : He said no, things got ugly, and Hixton ended up dead.
Beckett : So you grabbed what was in the safe, and you took off.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Knock it off, Tom. You're the old man's only living relative.
Beckett : You're the only one with motive for revenge.
UNK: Tom Walters : No. I'm not his only relative.
UNK: Tom Walters : He's got a son.
Beckett : No, he doesn't. We checked.
UNK: Tom Walters : Well, sure, he's not biological.
UNK: Tom Walters : Hank dated his mom for, like, five years
UNK: Tom Walters : while the kid was growing up.
UNK: Tom Walters : The two bonded like crazy.
UNK: Tom Walters : Kept in touch even after the romance broke up.
UNK: They even spent every holiday together for the last 10 years.
Castle : This son,
UNK: is his birthday four, 19, 79?
UNK: Uh, yeah. How did you know?
Castle : Because those are the three remaining numbers
Castle : on the winning lottery ticket.
Beckett : You lied to us about who you are, Shawn.
Beckett : These are your dad's numbers,
Beckett : your birthday and his.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I don't know what you're talking about.
Castle : When did you realize that Hixton had stolen the winning ticket?
Castle : Was it when you were still in prison in Memphis?
Beckett : Or was it after you got out, went to go and visit your dad,
Beckett : found out he was dead
Beckett : and that his mausoleum was paid for with his stolen winnings?
Castle : Can't imagine how you must have felt.
Castle : How driven you were to come to New York, make things right.
Beckett : You tracked down Hixton at the soup kitchen,
UNK: threatened him with all kind of things
Beckett : if he didn't do right by you. He freaked out.
Beckett : He gave you his car, but that wasn't enough, was it?
UNK: Shawn York : You can't prove any of this.
Beckett : I can prove all of it, Shawn.
Beckett : We found the money from Hixton's safe in your apartment
UNK: with trace amounts of his blood in it.
Castle : So what happened next?
Castle : I mean, why would you walk away with only 100 grand?
Castle : He owed you millions.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Shawn York : I went to his apartment to collect what was mine.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He told me
UNK: Shawn York : I didn't deserve the money.
UNK: He said that I was a dirtbag criminal,
UNK: Shawn York : and all I was gonna do if he gave it to me
UNK: Shawn York : was put it up my nose.
UNK: Shawn York : Instead, he was gonna give it all away
UNK: Shawn York : to those in need.
UNK: Shawn York : I told him I was in need.
UNK: Shawn York : Then he grabbed for my gun.
UNK: Todd Shipley : It went off.
Castle : So what's gonna happen with all that money?
Beckett : Well, that's for the lawyers to decide.
Beckett : The good thing is that Nicole is going back into rehab,
Beckett : and her mom's gonna be there for her when she gets out.
Castle : Well, at least something good will come of all this.
Castle : That is it for me.
Castle : I am beat. I'll see you tomorrow.
UNK: Wait, you're giving up?
Beckett : No more questions about my innermost jackpot dreams?
Castle : You said you didn't have any.
UNK: Good night, Castle.
UNK: Good night.
Castle : Good evening, ladies.
UNK: Hi.
Castle : Are you buying property?
Alexis : Gram decided what to do with her inheritance.
Alexis : I think it's perfect.
Castle : Really? What?
Martha : I'm going to open the Martha Rodgers School of Acting.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: But I thought you were gonna do something to honor Chet.
Martha : Well, I am.
Beckett : Oh, no, Chet was always encouraging me
Martha : to use my enormous talent to help people.
Castle : Then wouldn't you call it the Chet Palaburn School of Acting?
UNK: Giving it the auspices?
Martha : No, well, it's customary
UNK: that when you're opening a school, you use a great teacher's name.
Martha : Like Strasberg, Meisner, Adler, and now, Rodgers.
Martha : Oh, I am, however, going to commission a portrait to be done of Chet
Martha : that will hang in the lobby
Martha : so his legacy will last forever.
UNK: Nice.
Martha : - Legacy. - What?
Castle : I know what Beckett would do.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : I know what you would do if you won the lottery.
Beckett : By all means, please come in.
Beckett : So, what is your big insight
Beckett : into a financial decision that I will never have to make?
Castle : You would use the money to honor your mother's legacy.
Castle : On the way over here,
Castle : I called the dean of your mom's old law school.
Castle : We talked about starting a scholarship
UNK: in Johanna Beckett's name.
Castle : One that would provide a full ride
Castle : for a student planning on dedicating their career
Castle : to those in the legal system without a voice.
Castle : The kind of people your mom championed.
Castle : And with your blessing,
Castle : I would like to host a fundraiser to fund it.
Beckett : You just can't stay out of my personal life, can you?
Beckett : Thank you. It's really sweet.
Castle : We definitely have to invite the mayor
Castle : and all of his campaign contributors, some of whom can be boorish.
UNK: If we get this one guy, Bill Rowe, he's so rich...