UNK: Reginald Easley : I believe he had made plans with his wife.
Beckett : He was married?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Oh, yes, with a teenage daughter.
UNK: Reginald Easley : They'd been separated for some months before I began to work for him.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Apparently the money caused some kind of a rift.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : We were so happy then. Trips to Paris and trips to Rome,
UNK: Noreen Hixton : and cars with heated seats, and...
UNK: But then everyone started looking at us different.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : Like we were freaks.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : You could see them thinking, "Why you? Why not me?"
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And nothing we did was good enough.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : So we moved here.
UNK: It was supposed to be a fresh start.
Beckett : Why were the two of you separated?
UNK: That money, it was... It was like poison.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Jay couldn't stop spending it, and...
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And Nicole...
UNK: Nicole Hixton : It's okay, Mom.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Nicole got hooked on drugs.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And it was the wake-up call we needed, really.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Jay and I went from not talking to getting Nicole clean.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And then he started using his money for good.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He found this soup kitchen on the Bowery that was in dire straits.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He said that looking at all those people in need
UNK: just reminded him of that if it wasn't for that lottery,
UNK: Noreen Hixton : we'd be right there ourselves.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He started going there almost every day.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : It just reminded me of how much...
UNK: Noreen Hixton : How much I love him.
Castle : Where was it the two of you ended up going last night?
Lanie : Last night?
Beckett : His butler said that the two of you had a date.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : No. Jay called to cancel at the last minute.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He told me something had happened,
UNK: Noreen Hixton : something that we had to deal with together.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And I tried to get him to tell me what it was, but he wouldn't.
Beckett : And where did he call from?
UNK: The Bowery soup kitchen. I think. It's where we were supposed to meet.
Beckett : Did he have problems with anyone there that you know of?
UNK: Noreen Hixton : No one in particular.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : It was a pretty rough crowd.
Castle : All my years as a mystery writer point to one unequivocal killer.
Castle : The butler did it.
Martha : - Oh! - Come on!
Castle : How many cases have we actually had
UNK: where there's a butler as a potential suspect?
Castle : It would be a crime if he didn't do it.
Beckett : And then he shows up the next morning and calls the cops?
Castle : - Pretty clever, right? - Well...
Castle : Speaking of clever, I noticed at the crime scene
Castle : you never mentioned what you would do if you won the lottery.
Beckett : No, I didn't.
Castle : Is that because it's embarrassing? Ooh! Scandalous.
Beckett : I actually haven't really thought about it, Castle.
Castle : So not embarrassing or scandalous, just secretive.
UNK: Bad news travels fast.
UNK: Jim Van-eps : When he first started coming here, he'd hand out $ 100 bills
UNK: Jim Van-eps : like they were nothing.
UNK: It got so bad, I had to ask him to stop.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Jim Van-eps : Well, we were attracting a bad element.
UNK: Jim Van-eps : Still, I'd see Mr. Hixton sneak money
UNK: Jim Van-eps : to a pregnant woman or a homeless kid.
UNK: Jim Van-eps : It was a compulsion for him,
UNK: Jim Van-eps : like he had to give it away 'cause he didn't deserve it somehow.
Castle : Winner's guilt.
Castle : It's actually quite common with lottery recipients.
Beckett : Did anything suspicious happen with Mr. Hixton
Beckett : when he was here last night?
UNK: Jim Van-eps : Now that you mention it, yeah.
UNK: Jim Van-eps : A man was hanging around a good part of the afternoon.
Beckett : Someone you didn't know?
UNK: Jim Van-eps : I'd never seen him before. But he went right up to Mr. Hixton
UNK: when he arrived at 6 : 00 like he knew him, you know?
UNK: Jim Van-eps : A few minutes later, they left and never came back.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe him to a sketch artist?
Castle : So, our mystery man goes to the soup kitchen,
Castle : waits for Hixton, and then takes him where?
Castle : He wasn't killed for another six hours.
Beckett : And why wait? I mean, if the guy wanted to rob Hixton,
Beckett : why not just take him home and empty his safe?
Castle : And then there's Hixton's gun.
Castle : Why did he need it, and where did he get it?
Beckett : Well, according to CSU, nowhere legal.
Beckett : The serial numbers were filed off the gun,
Beckett : and Hixton's prints were on the bullets in the chamber,
Beckett : which means he loaded it himself.
Esposito : Found our lottery winner's money bag.
Beckett : Where'd you find it?
Esposito : Alley behind Hixton's building.
Esposito : It was empty, but as you can see, the dye pack in the bag went off,
Esposito : and it must've gotten on our killer's hands
Esposito : because we got prints.
Esposito : Belonging to one Todd Shipley,
Esposito : a maintenance worker in Hixton's building.
Esposito : He got off right around the time that Hixton was killed.
Beckett : Yeah, but if he's a maintenance worker,
Beckett : he could've picked up the bag after the dye pack went off.
Esposito : I don't think so.