Beckett : into a prison jumpsuit.
UNK: We got you dead to rights on possession with the intent to sell.
Beckett : That's 20 years, federal time.
UNK: But that's nothing compared to the time
Beckett : that you're gonna do for first degree murder.
Castle : Not to mention felony blowing crap up.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : You remember this guy?
Beckett : You should, you killed him.
Beckett : And these two you tried to kill with a car bomb.
UNK: Look,
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I had to get those country boys back.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : But I didn't have anything to do with Hixton, I swear.
Castle : Here's the thing, Marvin.
Castle : We showed your picture around Hixton's place.
Castle : Oddly enough, people saw you there right about the time he was killed.
Beckett : Page brothers gave you a serious beating.
Beckett : You vowed revenge, and then Hixton shows up dead
Beckett : with witnesses claiming to see you at the crime scene?
Beckett : That doesn't look good for you, Marvin,
Beckett : and lying to us will only make it worse.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : Maybe I had hard feelings about my medical condition,
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : and maybe I paid Hixton a visit to discuss them.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : But I abandoned ship before I got to his door.
Beckett : You were hot to straighten Hixton out, and you changed your mind?
Beckett : Do you really expect us to believe that?
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : It's the truth.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I took the elevator up to Hixton's place.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : When the doors opened,
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : there was a guy standing right there. He got a good look at me.
UNK: If I would have gone through with my visit,
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : he would've pointed me out in a lineup, easy.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : So I walked away.
Castle : You get a good look at this guy?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Rode back down the first floor with him.
UNK: He was maybe 50, proper-looking, wearing an old-school tuxedo.
Castle : The butler really did do it!
Castle : Easley, the butler.
Castle : Loyal, devoted, seemingly distraught over the death of his master.
Castle : Yet, all the while, lurking behind that mask of servile correctness,
Castle : was a killer.
Beckett : Or Oz is just trying to kick up some dust.
Beckett : I mean, what's the butler's motive?
Castle : Well, in fiction, it would be one of two things.
UNK: Firstly, he was carrying on a torrid affair with his master's wife.
Lanie : - Ew! - No?
UNK: Second, it had to be the money.
UNK: I think Castle might be onto something.
Ryan : I dug a little deeper into Reginald Easley.
Ryan : His last few employers all say the same thing.
Ryan : Easley resigned after some of their valuables went missing.
UNK: I realized I've been thinking about this all wrong.
Castle : You're not a frivolous person,
Castle : so you wouldn't do frivolous things with your lottery winnings.
Beckett : - Castle. - No, no.
UNK: I'm gonna figure this out. If you had...
Castle : Packing your things?
UNK: Reginald Easley : These aren't my things. They belong to my employer.
UNK: It must be hard, being around all this wealth, none of it yours.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I'm content with my lot.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : We read up on you.
Beckett : Born in Leeds to a single mother who was a seamstress.
Beckett : With the right training, you lost the low-brow accent
Beckett : and learned to fit in with the gentry,
Beckett : where you saw people spend more in one day
Beckett : than your mother made in an entire year.
Castle : Then along comes Hixton,
Castle : a man with an upbringing not unlike your own.
Castle : But he owned all this, and he owned you.
UNK: And not because of any special talent or intelligence.
Castle : Just because he guessed six numbers.
Castle : And you didn't.
Castle : Taking from Hixton wasn't really stealing,
Castle : it was just correcting a karmic injustice.
Beckett : You made him open that safe.
Beckett : But what you didn't know was that he had a gun.
Beckett : And when he reached for it, this is where it ended.
UNK: Reginald Easley : What on Earth makes you think that?
Beckett : We know that you were here the night that he was killed, Mr. Easley.
UNK: Long after you said you had left.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Early on, he bought 25 first edition Dickens.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Charles Dickens, and the man didn't even read.
UNK: Reginald Easley : He just liked the look of the leather on their spines.
Beckett : Mr. Easley...
UNK: Reginald Easley : I stole two of them.
UNK: Reginald Easley : To me, it was like levying a tax on him for being an idiot.
UNK: Reginald Easley : But then I had a change of heart.