Esposito : Yeah, he's listed here as the owner.
Castle : - You know him? - Yeah.
UNK: I must have arrested the guy, like, half a dozen times.
Beckett : He's a low-rent scam artist with a history of violence.
Beckett : Last time I busted him, he was trying to grill-cheese a guy
UNK: in a dry cleaning press.
Esposito : Why would Hixton be writing checks to a character like that?
Beckett : Logan Meech.
UNK: Logan Meech : Detective. I love what you've done with your...
Beckett : Sit down.
UNK: Hi. Who's the new guy?
UNK: Why, you wanna send him Christmas cards from death row?
UNK: Logan Meech : What? Wait. I didn't kill anybody.
Castle : So it's just a coincidence that you were with Jay Hixton
Castle : shortly before he was shot to death in his apartment.
UNK: Logan Meech : What, Hixton's dead?
UNK: Logan Meech : He was one of my investors.
UNK: Really?
Castle : What is it Mr. Hixton was investing in?
UNK: Logan Meech : My relief organization.
Castle : Why is it I'm thinking the only relief Mr. Hixton's money provided
Castle : was to your own bank account?
Beckett : Did Hixton get on to your scamming him?
Beckett : Did he threaten to go to the cops? Is that why you killed him?
UNK: Logan Meech : I told you, I didn't kill him. I hadn't seen him in weeks.
Beckett : That's funny, because I talked to your landlord, and he said
Beckett : that he remembers clearly seeing Hixton at your place last night.
Beckett : So either you start telling us the truth and playing ball,
Beckett : or I call the DA and get them to draw up murder charges.
UNK: Logan Meech : Okay, look. Hang on a minute now.
UNK: Maybe I misspoke, okay?
UNK: Logan Meech : Hixton did actually pay me a visit last night.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Logan Meech : He wanted a gun.
Beckett : For what?
UNK: Logan Meech : Protection. He was scared.
UNK: He paid me a grand for a.357 that I was holding for a friend.
Beckett : What was he scared of?
UNK: Logan Meech : His past.
UNK: Logan Meech : He said it was coming back to get him.
UNK: What's that mean, "His past was coming back to get him"?
Beckett : And why go to Meech for a gun?
Beckett : Why not just go to the police, or hire a bodyguard?
Ryan : Maybe he didn't think they could protect him.
Esposito : CSU finished processing Hixton's apartment,
UNK: came across two sets of fingerprints that were in the system.
Esposito : Couple of career criminals from Hixton's hometown in Florida.
Beckett : Greg and Ty Page.
Beckett : Previous busts for bank robbery,
Beckett : and currently serving a nickel for grand larceny.
Ryan : Yeah, well, that info's a little bit behind.
Ryan : They were released last week due to overcrowding.
Esposito : Yeah, get to the part about who they robbed.
UNK: Act One : - Hixton. - Hixton.
Esposito : A month after he collected his jackpot.
Ryan : Even though they wore ski masks, he recognized them by their voices
Ryan : because they grew up together.
Ryan : It was his testimony that put them away.
UNK: Hixton must have heard they were being released
Castle : and worried they were coming after him again.
Ryan : According to Florida police,
Ryan : the brothers were in town for all of two days
Ryan : before they packed up their car and headed up north.
Ryan : Told a neighbor that they were going hunting.
Castle : Looks like they bagged themselves a lottery winner.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Looks like you made a serious dent in your surprise inheritance.
Castle : Is it safe to say there is not an animal print left
Castle : in any store in New York City?
Martha : Very funny.
Martha : Probably true.
UNK: Well, congratulations.
UNK: Looks like you have successfully completed the first stage
UNK: in the five stages of hitting the jackpot :
UNK: shopping.
Martha : What's the next stage?
Castle : Well, if you were my lottery winning victim,
UNK: you'd turn to charity,
Castle : and then get shot to death in your living room.
Martha : I'll pass.
Martha : Besides, I've decided to give back the money.
Castle : What? Why?
Martha : Richard. I was about to break up with the man.
UNK: Do you really think he would have
Martha : left me that money if he'd known that?
UNK: No, no. I'm gonna return all this stuff,
UNK: I'm gonna give back the money. It's the right thing to do.
Castle : Well, you've just jumped to stage five.
UNK: Enlightenment.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Then again, Chet did adore me,
Martha : so I think I should be able to keep one thing.
UNK: It's not real.
UNK: Detective Beckett.
UNK: Did you call to tell me a bedtime story?
Castle : Which car is theirs?
Beckett : The maroon one over there.
Beckett : Florida plates. It's registered to a Greg Page.
Beckett : We put an alert
Beckett : on their plate number, which got triggered
Beckett : when a traffic cop ticketed them about an hour ago.
Castle : Any idea where they are?
UNK: None.
Beckett : So we watch the car until someone shows up.