Beckett : Any sign yet?
UNK: That's a negative.
UNK: A winery?
Ryan : Jenny and I visited one on our first vacation together.
Esposito : A hundred mil, and you're gonna become a farmer?
Ryan : Like Lanie hasn't changed you.
UNK: Lanie?
Ryan : Come on, dude. We all know about the two of you.
Esposito : Castle and Beckett know, too?
Beckett : You said earlier that money doesn't change us,
Beckett : it just magnifies who we are.
Beckett : What did your windfall magnify in you?
Castle : My inner child, at first.
Castle : Kind of like Hixton.
Castle : One who likes, you know, private jets, five star everything.
Castle : But then I realized the only luxury I truly care about is freedom.
Castle : The freedom to write, spend time with Alexis.
UNK: Having that money just allows me to live life on my terms.
Beckett : You grew up.
Castle : Well, I wouldn't go that far.
Castle : - That property on the moon? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : I just bought that last month.
Castle : Who's this guy?
UNK: Yo. Dreadlocks, 12 : 00.
UNK: NYPD, let's see your hands.
Beckett : Page brothers, where are they?
UNK: Upstairs.
UNK: Shut it down.
UNK: Greg Page : What the hell, yo? That was slamming.
Castle : Three armed cops and a writer makes four.
Castle : You're under arrest, so get on the floor.
Ryan : Got about 60 grand here.
Beckett : Where's the other 40 you took
Beckett : from Hixton's safe when you killed him?
Beckett : You spend it on your rap career?
UNK: Nah, you got it all wrong, shorty. We didn't kill the man.
UNK: Greg Page : We came up here to help him.
UNK: Ty Page : Got out the joint for good behavior.
UNK: Ty Page : Dude called us up, said he needed a savior.
Castle : Stop rapping.
Castle : I'll buy the album.
UNK: Savior?
UNK: Greg Page : Yeah. His daughter got back into drugs.
UNK: Greg Page : He needed to make things right, so he called us.
Beckett : The two of you robbed Hixton at gunpoint in Florida.
Beckett : Why would he call you?
UNK: Greg Page : When Hixton realized what kind of trouble Nicole was in,
UNK: Greg Page : he knew we were the only people he could turn to.
Beckett : And what could you possibly do to help his daughter with her addiction?
UNK: Greg Page : Problem wasn't the drugs, it was her dealer.
UNK: A cat named Oz.
UNK: Greg Page : Nicole was under his spell something fierce.
UNK: Greg Page : When Hixton found out about it, he went to go see Oz.
UNK: Greg Page : Told the man, "Stay away from my daughter."
UNK: Greg Page : When Oz didn't, he called us.
UNK: Greg Page : You don't believe me, look in my wallet.
Ryan : Looks like Nicole lied to me
Ryan : when she told me she didn't recognize him.
Beckett : It's the guy Hixton had under surveillance.
Beckett : Is this Oz?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Greg Page : When Hixton called us, we drove right up here.
UNK: Greg Page : Jumped Oz outside this club downtown.
UNK: Yo, Ty hit his bodyguard with a pipe.
UNK: Greg Page : I stuffed Oz in the trunk,
UNK: Greg Page : drove under the bridge and beat on his ass.
UNK: Greg Page : Then we came straight here, been bouncing tunes ever since.
Beckett : Is that true? Did they come here last night?
UNK: Greg Page : Yeah, we told the man, "Better stay away from Nicole
UNK: "or we're gonna put your ass in the river."
UNK: Greg Page : He told us we should do it,
UNK: Greg Page : 'cause if we let him live, he was gonna burn us alive.
UNK: You wanna know who killed Hixton?
UNK: Greg Page : Gotta be Oz.
Castle : So, Hixton gets a gun to protect himself from Oz.
Castle : He can't get the cops 'cause that'll get his daughter in trouble.
UNK: Ty Page : What the hell was that?
Beckett : Ryan, watch them.
Ryan : Stay right where you are.
Castle : Looks like Oz wasn't kidding when he said he'd burn them alive.
Beckett : Is it true, Nicole?
Beckett : Did you start using again?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : After I got clean, Oz found me.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He said he wanted me back.
UNK: Nicole...
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm sorry, Mom.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm so sorry.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And your father knew?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He blamed himself.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He said that he was gonna fix it all, but I never thought...
Beckett : This Oz,
Castle : you think he's capable of killing your dad?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : This is all my fault.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : Dad is dead because of me.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : It's okay.
Esposito : Oz, AKA Marvin Osminkowski.
Castle : No wonder he changed his name.
Esposito : According to Vice, he has a lucrative gig
UNK: pedaling high-end product to the city's rich and famous.
Esposito : And a car bomb is definitely his MO.