Beckett : and Hixton's signature on the car title is authentic.
Beckett : Who gives away their car?
Castle : Someone who can afford to buy 1,000 new ones.
UNK: So at 6 : 00, Hixton gives York his car,
UNK: and then at 8 : 00, he calls his wife and cancels dinner.
Beckett : Told her that there's something they need to talk about,
Beckett : something that they both need to deal with together.
UNK: Then he gets home at 11 : 00, and about an hour later, he's killed.
Beckett : So what was he doing in the meantime, and with whom?
Beckett : You know, the guy did like to spend money.
Castle : If he made any charges on his credit card last night,
UNK: it might give us a clue as to where he was.
Esposito : Well, if he spent any money the night he was killed, it was cash.
Esposito : There are no charges on any of his 32 credit cards.
UNK: Thirty-two credit cards?
Esposito : Yeah, one for every NFL team.
Esposito : And that's just the tip of the iceberg.
Esposito : He also bought a racehorse,
UNK: a minority stake in a lingerie football team,
Esposito : and a Bentley, which is currently at the bottom of the Hudson River
Esposito : because he drove it off of a boat he was renting.
Beckett : Wow. Sounds like that money really turned Hixton
Beckett : into a different person for a little while.
Castle : Yeah, money doesn't change who you are.
Castle : It just magnifies your personality.
Esposito : Well, it wasn't all bad.
Esposito : He also bought a house for the clerk that sold him the winning ticket,
Esposito : a mausoleum for his dead neighbor,
Esposito : and three acres on the moon.
UNK: Get out of town.
Castle : He's right down the crater from me!
Beckett : Why doesn't it surprise me that you have property on the moon?
Castle : You know what, laugh it up.
Castle : When the Earth is a desiccated husk, you will be begging
Castle : to come live with me in the Nectaris Basin.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : So, I searched the car.
Beckett : Oh. Yeah. Sorry, York is not our guy.
UNK: It's okay. Jersey impound lot's nice this time of year.
Ryan : So, no money, as expected, but I did find this...
Beckett : A camera.
Ryan : ...lodged under the front seat.
Ryan : Clearly, it belongs to Hixton.
Beckett : These are surveillance photos.
Ryan : Yeah, a dozen of them.
Ryan : Date stamped last week. Hixton was following this guy.
UNK: All right, contact the family and butler.
Beckett : See if anyone recognizes him.
Beckett : Meanwhile, we've got a hole in our timeline that needs to be plugged.
Beckett : So, we know that Hixton called his wife at 8 : 00 pm,
Beckett : and we know he wasn't at the soup kitchen.
Beckett : Let's ping the carrier, see if they know where he was.
UNK: What?
Castle : Would you quit your job?
Castle : If you won the lottery, would you quit being a cop?
Beckett : Well, what else would I do?
Castle : Supermodel, brain surgeon,
Castle : American Gladiator.
Beckett : Oh, you got me there, Castle.
Beckett : I've always wanted to leave the force and become an American Gladiator.
UNK: Why don't you wanna tell me?
UNK: Because there's nothing really to tell.
Castle : Come on. You must have a dream.
Beckett : Sure, I do.
Beckett : Solve this case, go home, take a nice long bath.
Beckett : But it doesn't look like that's going to happen tonight.
Beckett : Hixton's phone carrier.
Beckett : Hey, Esposito.
Beckett : That phone call to Hixton's wife came from the 500 block of Lexington.
Beckett : I don't think we can get a more exact address
UNK: so we're gonna have to canvass.
UNK: Or maybe not. I just saw Lexington Avenue in his financials.
UNK: Yeah, right here.
UNK: He wrote two checks last month, $ 10,000 each,
UNK: to a company called Meech Industries.
Beckett : Meech? Logan Meech?