UNK: Reginald Easley : I brought them back here that night,
UNK: around 11 : 00, thinking he was out with his wife.
UNK: Reginald Easley : But, for some reason, he was here. I heard the shower running.
Beckett : Your excuse for coming back here the night that he was killed
UNK: was that you had a "change of heart"?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I'd like to say it was because his turn to philanthropy
UNK: Reginald Easley : made me see him in a different light.
UNK: Reginald Easley : As a good man one shouldn't steal from.
UNK: Reginald Easley : But the truth is I was scared his bad luck would become mine.
UNK: He won over 100 million in the lottery.
Castle : One could hardly consider that bad luck.
UNK: Reginald Easley : His marriage failed, his daughter fell into drugs
UNK: Reginald Easley : and he was just gunned down in his own apartment.
UNK: Reginald Easley : That, sir, is the universe... What did you call it?
UNK: Oh, yes, "Correcting a karmic injustice."
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Reginald Easley : The winning lottery ticket.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Hixton let it slip one night
UNK: Reginald Easley : after a little too much time with the bottle.
UNK: Reginald Easley : He always played the same numbers,
UNK: Reginald Easley : the dates he and his wife met and were married.
UNK: One, three, 95, and 10, 24, 98.
Castle : None of those numbers are on the ticket.
UNK: Reginald Easley : All the misery that came from the money?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Hixton believed it was because he stole the ticket.
Montgomery : So you think Hixton was murdered because he stole the ticket.
Castle : - No. - Yes.
Castle : Come on.
Castle : I mean, it was worth a fortune.
Beckett : Easley had every reason to make up that story.
Beckett : And even if those weren't Hixton's regular numbers,
Beckett : it still doesn't prove that he stole the ticket.
Castle : But the theft explains so much about Hixton's behavior.
Castle : The director of the soup kitchen
Castle : said that Hixton compulsively gave away his money
Castle : like he felt he didn't deserve it. I called it winner's guilt,
Castle : but what if it was another kind of guilt entirely?
Beckett : Okay, fine, let's say that you're right.
Beckett : Let's say that Hixton stole the ticket.
Beckett : There's still no evidence suggesting that that contributed to his death.
Castle : You're the first person to tell me
Castle : that there are no coincidences in a murder investigation.
Montgomery : Hold on, Detective. He's got a point.
UNK: You said Hixton told Meech "his past was coming back to get him."
Montgomery : Now, we thought he meant the Page brothers,
Montgomery : but this ticket represents
Montgomery : the biggest thing that ever happened to him.
Montgomery : I call that a major motive for murder.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : Then if it's true, how do we prove it?
Castle : The numbers.
UNK: Two, four, eight,
Castle : 19, 41 and 79.
Castle : I know it's a long shot,
Castle : but if we can figure out what these numbers signify,
Castle : we might be able to find the ticket's real owner.
Montgomery : I play my kids' birthdays.
Esposito : I play my firsts,
Esposito : sex and combat.
Ryan : I play his firsts, too.
UNK: What?
Ryan : That way we both win, and it's not awkward.
UNK: Beckett?
Beckett : Sorry. I don't play, Castle.
Castle : But if you did?
UNK: Well, it doesn't really matter, Castle.
Beckett : I mean, the fact is Hixton won the lottery a year ago.
Beckett : If he stole that ticket,
Beckett : why didn't the rightful owner come forward sooner?
Montgomery : Maybe the rightful owner is dead.
Castle : Maybe Hixton killed him.
Esposito : The moon.
Castle : The weird purchases Hixton made as soon as he won.
Castle : He bought three acres on the moon, and a mausoleum for his neighbor.
Beckett : Find out everything we can on this neighbor.
Esposito : I'm on it.
Beckett : If you're right, Castle,
UNK: I'm betting Hixton's neighbor never imagined that
Beckett : the luckiest day of his life would also be his last.
UNK: Boo-ya!
Esposito : Neighbor's name was Hank Walters.
Esposito : He died the day the winning numbers were announced.
UNK: Walters's birthday. Two, eight, 41.
Castle : Three of the numbers on the lottery ticket.
Esposito : Two days later, Hixton came forward to claim his $ 117 million check.
Beckett : What did Walters die of?
Esposito : Natural causes.
Castle : - For real? - Yeah.
Esposito : He was an old man dying of, like, six different things.
Esposito : Lanie went over the autopsy.
Esposito : Said everything looked like it was on the up and up.