Esposito : All right. Get back to me as soon as you can.
Esposito : Hey, so, still no word on the bearer bonds,
Esposito : but it's looking more and more like
Esposito : Madison's extracurriculars were of a criminal nature.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : - What did you find? - It's what CSU found.
Esposito : An antique ring.
UNK: It was on the back of the shelf at the library.
UNK: Must've slipped out of the book. But we were able to ID it
Esposito : as having been stolen in a burglary a few weeks ago.
Beckett : Who did this ring belong to?
Esposito : To the mom of a kid who attends Faircroft.
Esposito : Turns out that a dozen Faircroft families have been burglarized
Esposito : over the past three months. Mainly watches and jewelry.
Beckett : Let me guess, the dates of the burglaries match the dates
Beckett : - that Madison was out all night. - Bingo.
UNK: She must've fenced what she stole,
Castle : which explains why she was able to pay off her credit cards.
Beckett : It also explains the early morning visits to the library.
Beckett : She'd stash her haul in Tolstoy after each burglary.
UNK: And if anyone caught onto her, they'd never be able to find the loot.
Castle : And if they did find the loot, they wouldn't be able to connect it to her.
Esposito : I checked with all of Madison's friends at school.
UNK: None of them seemed to know what she was up to.
Ryan : Hey, I got a hit on those bearer bonds. Turns out they were stolen months ago
Ryan : in an armed robbery of a bank in Floral Park.
Ryan : The crew cleaned out the safe deposit boxes.
Esposito : Hold up. Are you saying that a 17-year-old prep-school girl
Esposito : robbed a bank?
Ryan : No. But she might have robbed the guy who robbed the bank.
Ryan : According to the police report,
Ryan : the prime suspect in the bank robbery was one Xiangzu Chen.
Ryan : A former Triad enforcer who went into business for himself.
Ryan : Now, the DA had enough evidence to indict him,
Ryan : but his defense attorney got him off on a technicality,
Ryan : and the bonds were never recovered.
Castle : And how does any of this connect with Madison?
Ryan : Look who his defense attorney is.
Beckett : Charles Beaumont. Madison's father?
UNK: Madison must've heard about the bonds from her dad,
Esposito : where Chen was hiding them and how much they were worth.
Castle : That's a huge score for a budding thief.
Beckett : And if Chen found out that his lawyer's little girl stole $2.3 million from him...
Esposito : It would be motive to bash her skull against the ceiling.
UNK: Yo, Beckett. We got a problem.
Esposito : Chen's gone.
Beckett : He went into hiding?
UNK: He put his house on the market and he moved out yesterday.
Beckett : That doesn't sound like the actions of an innocent man. Where did he go?
Ryan : We're trying to track him down, but no one in his family is talking.
Esposito : Ryan's bringing in his realtor right now to see if she knows where he went.
Realtor : No. I have no idea where he is.