Realtor : and according to the neighbors, something happened.
UNK: What?
Realtor : I don't know what they're putting in the water out there,
Realtor : but according to the next-door neighbor,
Realtor : something chased Mr. Chen and his men out of the house a few nights ago.
UNK: What do you mean "something"?
UNK: Something. As in...
Ryan : A ghost?
UNK: This neighbor said that he looked out his window
Realtor : and all of the patio furniture was flying around the yard.
Realtor : It scared the hell out of Mr. Chen.
Realtor : He and his men left the house and he never returned.
Realtor : Obviously, that detail was left out of the listing.
Beckett : So, Chen didn't just leave his house, he left the country.
UNK: TSA confirms that he was on a flight to Shanghai
Beckett : when Madison was murdered.
Beckett : He's not our killer.
Castle : Tell me again why he left the country?
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
UNK: What?
Ryan : You're not going to want to hear this, but I followed up with Chen's neighbors.
UNK: Now, several confirmed
Ryan : seeing what can only be described as a telekinetic event
Ryan : at Chen's property three nights ago.
Castle : And remind me how stolen German bearer bonds
Castle : have nothing to do with telekinesis?
UNK: There's a logical explanation, okay?
UNK: I'd love to hear it.
Beckett : Okay, fine. Madison knew that those bonds are in Chen's house,
Beckett : her father is, after all, his lawyer. Um...
UNK: So, she's looking for the next big score, she decides to scope out the house,
Beckett : except Chen's guards are around all the time.
Beckett : So, knowing that Chen is superstitious,
Beckett : she stages a supernatural event to scare everyone out of the house.
UNK: That's actually really logical.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : But what about the other events? The cafeteria?
UNK: Dry run, to see if she can pull it off.
Castle : And her own death. Did she stage that, too?
UNK: Ah.
Beckett : Okay, fine. All right. You're right. Madison couldn't have done this alone.
Beckett : So someone else was involved.
Beckett : You know what, Madison had to have had a partner.
Castle : You're right, a partner with telekinetic abilities.
Beckett : Or someone with the ability to fake it.
Beckett : And when Madison wouldn't share, the partner went after her.
Beckett : So, we find Madison's partner, we'll find the killer.
Esposito : Hey, just heard back from CSU.
Esposito : They recovered a number of prints from Chen's house.
Esposito : Matched a set to Madison.
Castle : And to Jordan?
Esposito : Not yet, but they're still in process.
Esposito : They also examined the patio
Esposito : where Chen's furniture earned its frequent flyer miles
UNK: and found shoe prints with traces of blue iridescent spray paint on them.
Castle : Let me guess. Cerulean blue.
Castle : Ooh! Can you freeze that? Look. There, on the left.
Tori : Let me see if I can zoom in.
Castle : It's him. It's Lucas. He was at the cafeteria.
Beckett : And apparently at Chen's place, based on that paint.
Castle : So Lucas was the one with the power, and not Jordan!
Beckett : Yeah, the power to stage these events.
Beckett : But why would he be Madison's accomplice?
Beckett : He said that he hated her.
Castle : Maybe he came to hate her, and that's why he killed her.
Beckett : And with everyone assuming
UNK: that Jordan was the one with the telekinetic abilities,
Beckett : what better way to throw people off his scent?