UNK: Richard Castle : Shall I put on a little music?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Are you trying to get me in the mood, Castle?
Castle : Yes, I am.
Castle : In the mood to select one of these amazing wedding bands.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I've weeded out the hacks and selected five finalists.
UNK: A band? What's a party without a DJ?
Castle : That's rhetorical, right?
Beckett : Come on, Castle. I don't want some cheesy bandleader
Beckett : trying to imitate Sinatra
Beckett : when we're dancing our first dance to Witchcraft.
UNK: I want OI' Blue Eyes himself.
UNK: Yeah, but, sadly, he's not available.
Beckett : No, but his recordings are, via a DJ.
Castle : Can we go back a second? Why would we be dancing to Witchcraft?
UNK: - Because it's our song. - Since when?
UNK: Since we sang it at the karaoke bar in the Hamptons last summer.
Castle : I thought our song
Castle : was Bruce Springsteen's Dancing in the Dark.
Castle : Since when?
UNK: Since I had The Boss pull you on stage Courteney-Cox-style at The Beacon.
UNK: - Do we not have a song? - Do we not have a song?
Castle : We must have a song.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Looks like they're playing it now.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Murder at Sutton Place.
Castle : Fancy address for a homicide.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Fancy family.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Our victim, Madison Beaumont.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : She was a senior at...
Castle : Faircroft Preparatory Academy. I recognize the crest.
Castle : One of the many schools I attended on my road to greatness.
Beckett : Okay, so, there's signs of struggle.
Beckett : Looks like Madison put up a fight.
Beckett : Was she here alone?
UNK: Yeah. Parents were gone for the evening.
Ryan : Mother's a designer, father's some high-powered defense attorney.
Beckett : Forced entry?
UNK: Nope. Nothing's missing either, so probably wasn't a burglary gone wrong.
UNK: Is that blood, up there on the rafter?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Yes, and it's hers.
Castle : How'd it get up there?
Ryan : Well, as far as we can tell,
Ryan : our killer threw Madison up there.
Lanie : Which is probably what killed her. She has a major intracranial injury.
Castle : She was thrown against the ceiling?
Castle : That is a superhuman feat, bordering on physically impossible.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Let's hear it.
Beckett : What's your outlandish theory?
Castle : Isn't it obvious?
Castle : Madison made the Hulk angry.