Dunan : It's bad enough you stole, but from the Faircroft community?
Hillary : Don't say a word. My dad's a lawyer. He can get us out of anything.
Beckett : Even murder?
UNK: Murder?
CASTLE : You must have felt betrayed
Castle : when Madison went after those bearer bonds alone.
UNK: The score of a lifetime and she shut you out.
Castle : Is that why you killed her?
Hillary : Hello? We were halfway across town when that happened.
Hillary : There are witnesses. We saw her being killed on that FaceTime call.
Beckett : You mean this call?
UNK: She's so gonna freak when she sees this.
UNK: She'll think your psycho sweetheart is coming for her next.
Madison : - Oh, my God! - Help me get this harness off.
Castle : What you saw was a pre-recorded joke video that Madison made.
UNK: By the time you watched it, she was already dead.
Beckett : Our killer used it as an alibi
UNK: to make it look like she was halfway across town
Beckett : when the murder happened.
Beckett : She also witnessed it alongside a friend.
Castle : So, what you thought was a FaceTime call
Castle : was actually a video played on the killer's phone.
Castle : Isn't that right, Kris?
Hillary : No. Please tell me you didn't...
Kris : Didn't what?
Kris : Didn't want to play her psycho games anymore?
Kris : I just wanted out.
Kris : But when I told her, she wouldn't let me quit.
Kris : She said that she would destroy me!
Kris : That she would destroy us.
Kris : So I thought, why should we take the blame
UNK: when she'd already given me the perfect alibi?
Beckett : All you had to do was match the crime scene to the video.
Beckett : Which is why you transferred Madison's blood to the ceiling.
Hillary : She is captain of the cheer squad.
Hillary : She knows her way to the top of the pyramid.
Castle : What's going to happen to Lucas?
Beckett : His only crime was a B and E in which stolen goods were stolen,
Beckett : and since recovered, so, he'll keep his freedom.
Dunan : And his scholarship,
Dunan : although he will be on probation for the remainder of the term.
Castle : Leniency, huh?
UNK: Well, nice to see that the administration
Castle : has more compassion now than they did in my day.
Dunan : Just one thing I need to know, Mr. Castle,
Dunan : it's haunted me for years.
Dunan : Where did you get the cow?
Castle : Put it this way, sir. If you ever need one,
Castle : I know a guy.
UNK: DOOR OPENING