Ryan : Do you mind if we take a look at it?
Ryan : It might help us find out where she went.
UNK: Ms. Payban : No, that's fine.
Esposito : She's a teenage girl.
UNK: There's got to be somebody that she's hanging with.
UNK: Ms. Payban : There's one boy that comes around now and then.
UNK: Ms. Payban : He brought Jordan's homework to the house when she was sick.
UNK: Ms. Payban : His name is Lucas.
BECKETT : Lucas Troy. And there he is.
UNK: Ah! A Starry Knight, the Winter Ball.
UNK: Did I tell you Principal Dunnan expelled me just before prom?
Beckett : Castle, no. You didn't get to go to your own prom?
Castle : And my date would've been Audra Dobson.
Castle : So unbelievably hot.
Beckett : Well, if it's any consolation, I missed my prom as well.
Castle : Really? Why?
Beckett : Lucas Troy? Hi, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : This is my colleague, Richard Castle.
Beckett : - Do you have a minute? - Yeah.
UNK: Lucas Troy : Sorry, I'm just trying to get this done for tomorrow's dance.
UNK: Lucas Troy : I've been at it all week.
UNK: Lucas Troy : At this point, the inside of my lungs are probably cerulean blue.
Castle : I'm surprised they're not postponing the dance.
Lucas : Madison's parents are insisting it go on in her memory.
UNK: Amazing.
Lucas : Even after she's dead, everything's still all about her.
Beckett : Obviously, you're not a fan.
Lucas : I didn't like how she treated people.
Castle : People like Jordan Gibbs?
Lucas : Yeah, but there's no way Jordan would retaliate.
Lucas : The girl wouldn't raise her hand to anyone.
UNK: She didn't have to.
UNK: Not when she has flying chairs in her arsenal.
Lucas : I heard the rumors. I wasn't there in the cafeteria,
UNK: but I'm sure she had nothing to do with that.
Beckett : No, but you were in her first period class this morning.
Beckett : Do you know where she went?
Lucas : She didn't say a word to me. She just took off.
UNK: Lucas, we spoke with your teacher.
Beckett : She said that you left right after Jordan did.
Beckett : You were gone for 15 minutes. Where did you go?
Lucas : Look, I could see she was really upset,
Lucas : so I just wanted to see if she was okay, so I went after her.
Lucas : But I lost her at the 4l5l6 subway station on 86th.