House : Picking up a scrip under Zebalusky.
UNK: This is Dr. Wilson's patient.
House : Yeah. Wilson's busy right now.
House : What with Mr. Zebalusky dying in agony on account of his metastatic lung cancer
House : and not having the pills to relieve that agony
House : because of some moron pharmacist.
Pharmacist : Sign the book.
UNK: The bleeding wasn't a ruptured eardrum, ear infection or bleeding disorder.
Chase : Her heart rate's climbing, blood pressure's dropping,
Chase : she's on the verge of a multi-system failure.
Foreman : Head CT was clean, means it's not a neurological problem.
Cuddy : Basically we have nothing.
UNK: The cancer's still on the table.
Cameron : Spinal fluid was negative for lymphoma.
Cameron : What other... Leukemia.
Wilson : We need to do a bone marrow biopsy.
UNK: None of the blood tests suggest leukemia.
Cameron : Cancer doesn't explain the collapsed lung.
Wilson : Unless a small clot led to a pulmonary infarct.
UNK: It's a long shot. Autoimmune is way more likely.
Wilson : Autoimmune diseases respond to steroids, which we've given her.
Cameron : And she got better for a while, we stopped the treatment too soon.
UNK: Because she crashed.
Foreman : All we're doing is bouncing back and forth between cancer and autoimmune.
Foreman : We're going in circles.
Cuddy : Give me half an hour.
UNK: SANTA CLAUS LAUGHING
UNK: CHILDREN CHATTERING
UNK: Little Girl : Can I have a French fry?
House : Get your own.
UNK: Little Girl : You took the last ones.
House : What's wrong with you?
UNK: Little Girl : I've got spinal muscular atrophy.
UNK: I guess it's not contagious.
House : Nice bear.
UNK: Little Girl : It's a dog.
Cuddy : House, it's not Still's.
Cuddy : Steroids helped until the patient started bleeding from the ears and mouth.
House : It's a bear.
UNK: Little Girl : His name is Bill. He's a dog.
Cuddy : You win, you can have Vicodin.
House : Words have set meanings for a reason.
UNK: If you see an animal like Bill and you try to play fetch,
House : Bill's going to eat you.
House : Because Bill's a bear.
Cuddy : Are you on something?
Cuddy : You got your hands on pain meds.
UNK: Little Girl : Bill has fur, four legs, and a collar.
UNK: Little Girl : He's a dog.
Cuddy : It's between cancer and autoimmune.
House : See, that's what we call a faulty syllogism.
House : Just because you call Bill a dog, doesn't mean that he is
UNK: Little Girl : a dog.
UNK: We got to x-ray our patient's leg.
Cuddy : Her leg looks fine.
House : Weird, huh?
Wilson : Why aren't you detoxing?
UNK: Willpower.
Wilson : What... What...
House : Normal's not normal if you're not normal.
Wilson : Did you just take a pill?
UNK: No.
House : So how does a dwarf have completely normal growth plates?
Cuddy : It's impossible. We must be missing something.
Wilson : How many pills have you taken?
House : Not nearly as many as I'm going to take.
UNK: I'd forgotten how delicious they were.
Cuddy : I didn't give them to him.