Maddy : Pretty much, he'd lay flat and spin me.
UNK: Mom.
UNK: So, Abigail, you want to hop up on the table for me?
UNK: That's going to be tough.
Cameron : Oh, I'm sorry. Let me give you a boost.
UNK: Stop treating her like she's five.
Maddy : Just bring over a stool and let her climb up herself.
UNK: Mom, it's okay.
UNK: I was just trying to be helpful.
House : She also hates Jews.
Maddy : I've dealt with worse.
Maddy : Being different, you get used to people's idiocy.
Maddy : Still beats the hell out of actually being an idiot.
UNK: What?
House : Care to go for a spin?
Cuddy : What the hell were you thinking?
Cuddy : You didn't think ratting out this hospital's best doctor
Cuddy : merited checking with your boss first?
Wilson : I didn't rat him out. I got him a deal.
Cuddy : Which he'll never take.
Wilson : He will if we... How long have you known House?
Cuddy : Did you think he'd suddenly become reasonable?
Wilson : I made the deal. It's done. You can either keep yelling at me,
Wilson : or you can help me avoid a complete disaster.
UNK: It already is going to be a complete disaster!
Cuddy : He's not going to take the deal. He's going to go to jail.
Cuddy : Because he's a child, he's too stubborn.
Wilson : When a child misbehaves, what do you do?
Wilson : You take away something he loves.
Cuddy : We can't take away his Vicodin.
Cuddy : Not only will he be in pain, he'll start to detox.
Wilson : And we tell him the only way to get the pills back is to take the deal.
Cuddy : He won't be able to function.
Wilson : That's the point.
Cuddy : You going to explain that to his patient?
Wilson : What choice do we have?
Cameron : Gallium scan shows no bright spots of any kind.
Cameron : Means it's not TB or any other infection.
House : There are no bright spots 'cause the whole thing's too bright.
House : Except for the liver.
UNK: The tech over-exposed the image a bit, but it's nothing.
UNK: The liver looks fine.
Foreman : Could be lung cancer.
UNK: Tumor causes structural damage. The lung caves in on itself.
UNK: Also explains the anemia.
House : Doesn't explain the liver problem, though.
Cameron : Her lung collapsed. There is no liver problem.
House : Did you guys look at the liver on this thing?
Foreman : There's no liver problem.
House : Seriously, look at the liver.
Chase : There's nothing there. HOUSE : Why not?
Chase : Because there's nothing wrong?
UNK: Every organ in this scan is lit up like a hundred-watt bulb.
House : Except for her liver, which is hovering around 60 watts.
House : And not one of them good 60-watters, but an energy saving...
UNK: You're saying her liver's shutting down because the lighting is off?
Foreman : You just don't want a cancer diagnosis,
Foreman : because then you'd have to deal with Wilson.
Foreman : Lung cancer is a lame diagnosis.
House : Avoiding Wilson is an added bonus.
Cuddy : House, we need to talk.
House : Not taking the deal. Glad we talked.
House : Ultrasound her liver.
Cuddy : Sit down.
House : Stand up.
House : Your turn.
Cuddy : House, you're off the case.
Cuddy : Your treatment privileges are suspended