House : You want your daughter to be a freak.
Maddy : We're not freaks.
House : You want her to overcome adversity.
UNK: Yes. Then why stop at height?
House : Poke a stick in her eye. Imagine how interesting she'll be then.
Maddy : Being little is not the same as...
UNK: You and I have found out that being normal sucks.
House : Because we're freaks.
UNK: The advantage of being a freak is it makes you stronger.
UNK: Now, how strong do you really want her to have to be?
UNK: You told her what you had to tell her.
House : Now you tell her you lied.
House : Even if you didn't.
Maddy : This is who you were supposed to be.
Abigail : You hate normal.
Maddy : It's not that simple.
Abigail : If I grow, I'll fade into the background.
Abigail : I'll be boring.
Maddy : We'll get you a funny hat.
Maddy : You could never be boring.
Abigail : You want me to be like everybody else?
Maddy : I want you to have what I can't.
Wilson : Abigail agreed...
Wilson : Abigail agreed to take growth hormone.
House : Who's Abigail?
Wilson : Your non-dwarf dwarf patient.
UNK: Good.
House : Then the growth hormone makes sense.
Wilson : Christmas Eve.
House : Yeah, I know.
House : Deal expires tomorrow.
UNK: You have plans for tonight?
House : You worried I'm going to be popping more pills?
Wilson : Thought you might prefer people over pills.
House : Hey, Mom.
House : I guess you guys are already up at Aunt Sarah's.
House : I'm sure Dad's in the eggnog
House : and you're probably suffering through another dried-out turkey.
UNK: I just wanted to say, "Merry Christmas."
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
WILSON : House?
Wilson : Are you okay? I called three times.
UNK: DOOR CLOSING
House : I'm ready to take the deal.
UNK: Well, that's off the table.
House : The clock doesn't expire until... Got new evidence.
Tritter : We don't need Wilson anymore.
UNK: Thing about addicts is,
Tritter : no matter how smart they are,
Tritter : they are dumb when it comes to drugs.
Tritter : So, I've been keeping an eye on the pharmacy log.
Tritter : Seems some patient of Wilson's named Zebalusky,
Tritter : managed to pick up his Oxy prescription after he died.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Tritter : Jesus walks, huh?
Tritter : Merry Christmas.