House : Off the clock.
Foreman : You predicted this. You obviously saw something.
UNK: Obviously.
Foreman : Liver biopsy was negative for cirrhosis but it showed sclerosing cholangitis.
Foreman : Even weirder, there's no increase in alkaline phosphatase.
House : Medical mystery. Sounds like the kind of thing I'd be good at.
House : Breaking and entering sounds like the kind of thing you'd be good at.
Foreman : I take it that's where Cuddy's been keeping your pills.
House : One theory, one drawer.
UNK: Really?
House : I thought you'd be all for this "torture House" plan.
House : It works, therefore it's good.
House : On the other hand, I don't want to talk you out of this deal
House : by pointing out your hypocrisy.
House : So, patient's life at stake, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
House : Forget about the specific nature of the liver dysfunction, it's irrelevant.
UNK: The dwarf's problem is global, that's why the gallium scan was bright.
UNK: And it's going to spread throughout her entire body unless you stop it.
Foreman : If that were true, more than her lungs and liver would be affected.
House : It will be.
House : It'll spread through the biliary tree and hit her pancreas next.
House : Stop retracing your steps, get ahead of it.
House : Forget the liver and focus on the pancreas because after that...
House : Actually, after that it doesn't really matter what it hits
UNK: because, pretty much, all roads lead to a dead dwarf.
Foreman : I get why you don't want to go to rehab.
Foreman : But only an idiot goes to prison for being stubborn.
House : Only an idiot stands between Ahab and his whale. Move.
UNK: Sorry.
Chase : Santa's got gifts.
Chase : Olive oil wasn't in the kitchen, it was in the medicine cabinet.
Foreman : Home remedy for ear infections.
Foreman : Ear infections are fairly typical among CHH dwarfs.
Chase : Or, it's a symptom.
Foreman : Certainly wouldn't indicate a pancreatic problem.
Chase : Or House is wrong and it's a symptom.
UNK: Laxatives. I don't think they were used to maintain her girlish figure.
Cameron : Again, intestinal problems are common.
UNK: Again, it might be a symptom.
UNK: Glucosamine suggests chronic joint pain.
Cuddy : Who ordered an alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency test?
Wilson : I did.
Cuddy : You think the problem's in her pancreas?
Foreman : I think it will be. I think we need to forget about the liver.
Cuddy : We just forgot about the lungs, now we need to forget about the liver?
Foreman : We need to stop retracing our steps and get ahead of this thing.
Wilson : House, you've tanned.
Wilson : You don't think I could have come up with this?
House : Did you?
Foreman : You suspended House because it'd be dangerous having him in charge,
Foreman : but getting his opinion?
Wilson : I'm sure he gave you that opinion simply because he was worried about the patient?
Foreman : Just because House wants his pills, doesn't mean his theory is wrong.
Cuddy : No, the test results mean that. Your test was negative.
Cuddy : And the biopsy indicated severe duct inflammation.
Cuddy : Do an ERCP to check the liver for bile duct cancer.
Foreman : Just because it wasn't alpha-1 doesn't mean the pancreas isn't next.
Wilson : You needed an organ, he needed a fix.
Wilson : He'd have made up any story for a pill. You didn't give him anything, did you?
UNK: No.
UNK: EXCLAIMS