Cuddy : One of you is probably right.
Cuddy : Why don't we hold the sniping until we find out which?
Cuddy : Wilson, do an LP for lymphoma, you guys run an antibody test for lupus.
Wilson : Because of your daughter's dwarfism, we've had to pick a higher entry point
Wilson : for the lumbar puncture, which increases the risk.
Maddy : So, why not do the lupus test first?
Wilson : In the interest of time, we think it's best to proceed on both fronts.
Maddy : You have no idea what's wrong with my daughter.
Wilson : We have several theories. What does Dr. House think?
Wilson : He's... He had to go home sick.
Maddy : My daughter may be dying and he's gone home with the sniffles?
UNK: Well, he's not...
Maddy : He was the only one who seemed to have any idea what was wrong with her.
Maddy : He better be really damn sick.
Cameron : He is.
HOUSE : Unless you've got Vicodin, go away.
Cameron : House, it's me, I...
Cameron : Oh, God.
Cameron : I don't have... No pills?
House : No eggnog.
Cameron : What happened to your arm?
House : Cut myself.
Cameron : Wilson was wrong about lymphoma.
Cameron : Kid's not losing any weight, no night sweats.
House : Cuddy send you? No.
Cameron : She doesn't trust me not to give you pills.
UNK: Is she right?
Cameron : House, these cuts are straight, in a row.
Cameron : You did this on purpose.
House : Cutting releases endorphins, endorphins relieve pain.
UNK: You going to get me some pills?
UNK: No.
House : Well, then you can leave.
Cameron : No constitutional symptoms means...
UNK: As soon as the kid gets cured, Cuddy's got no pressure to fold.
Cameron : You really think she's going to fold?
Cameron : Autoimmune fits better than cancer.
UNK: But lupus loves kidneys. Usually attacks them first.
House : Kidneys are fine, right?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: House,
Foreman : take the deal.
Cameron : You can survive without Vicodin.
Cameron : After you were shot, you stayed clean for months.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I wonder if it had something to do with the absence of pain.
House : Leave that. I want to be able to pour alcohol on it so I can distract myself.
Cameron : Then you can rip off the bandage.
House : Kid been sick lately?
UNK: There's a history of ear infections.
House : See, Abigail's immune system
House : is like a shy guy in a bar.
House : The ear infections, they come in and they try to coax him to...
House : To hell with the metaphor.
House : You get the point, right?
Cameron : Nerd gets drunk, trashes the bar.
Cameron : One of the autoimmunes triggered by a minor infection?
House : Factor in her age, elevated sed rate, anemia...
House : It's Still's disease.
UNK: We start her on prednisone, methotrexate, cyclosporin.
UNK: House.
Cameron : Stop this.
UNK: Please.
Cuddy : What'd he say? Still's disease.
Cameron : It's chronic, but manageable...
House : A diagnosis that's virtually unconfirmable
UNK: and with a treatment that's more dangerous than what we were considering for lupus.
Cuddy : How bad is he?
Cameron : Are you asking because you care
Cameron : or because you're wondering whether to trust his opinion?
UNK: Both.
Cameron : He's detoxing. In agony.
UNK: He's started cutting himself.
Cameron : But he's still House.
Cuddy : I'll order the treatment.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
House : Your plan isn't working.
House : Two days down, one to go.
House : Figured I'd show you how much it isn't working.
Wilson : Yeah. Clearly, the drugs have no hold on you.
House : We both know that my pride
House : far surpasses my instinct for self-preservation.
House : You want to redeem yourself? Give up now.
Wilson : And you'll go to jail.
House : I've done nothing wrong.
Wilson : And you'll go to jail.
House : Which makes this your last chance to do me a kindness
House : before ruining my life forever.