Cuddy : until you accept Tritter's deal.
House : Well, I'm obviously not going to take the deal
House : just so I can have the fun of treating a dwarf.
House : So, I assume there's more to this threat.
Cuddy : I'm also cutting off your Vicodin. That could work.
Cuddy : I'm taking over as attending. Get an MRI of her lungs.
House : This is not lung cancer.
Cuddy : We'll find out as soon as we MRI her lungs.
House : You're going to come begging me to save this girl
House : long before I come begging you for pills.
Cuddy : I hope not.
Cuddy : For everyone's sake.
Cameron : This is wrong.
Foreman : Cutting House off? It might not work, but it's not wrong.
Chase : Bone windows look clean.
Foreman : Abigail, we need you to hold still, okay?
Foreman : Just hang in there two more minutes, and we'll be done.
UNK: Okay.
Cameron : Because it's effective doesn't make it right.
Foreman : Cuddy's bending the rules to get a patient to do the right thing.
Foreman : Who would work for a doctor like that? And the ends justify the means?
Chase : If the ends involve us keeping our jobs, sure.
UNK: Lung parenchyma's clean. No masses, it's not lung cancer.
UNK: Abigail, you okay?
Foreman : House was right. Her liver's failing.
Chase : Endoscopy confirmed the vomiting was caused by variceal bleeding.
Chase : Blood work also confirms House's hypothesis.
Cuddy : I get it. House was right, it's the liver. Let's move on.
Cuddy : What causes liver disease and a collapsed lung?
UNK: Schistosomiasis, the parasite could have... There's no eosinophilia.
Cameron : Cirrhosis could explain... Could be a hepatoma.
Cameron : She's 15. It's not liver cancer.
Wilson : It's not unheard of.
Cameron : Cirrhosis fits better. The question is, what caused it?
Foreman : Could be hepatitis, Budd-Chiari... Or drugs and alcohol.
UNK: If anyone has reason to dull the pain, it's a teenage dwarf.
Foreman : I'll do a liver biopsy to confirm.
Chase : And I'll search the patient's home for drugs and alcohol.
Wilson : Cameron, got a moment?
Wilson : What exactly is your problem with me?
Cameron : Hepatoma is a weak diagnosis.
Wilson : So this is all about the case?
Cameron : What else would it be about?
Wilson : I made this deal to help him.
UNK: And helped yourself at the same time.
Wilson : This is not about my practice. This is not about my car.
Wilson : I gave both of them up to help House and I would have gone on without them,
Wilson : if he hadn't almost maimed that little girl and if he hadn't punched out Chase.
Cameron : Was it an easy choice?
Wilson : Of course not. But it's right.
Cameron : Then why wasn't it easy?
Wilson : Because he's my friend.
Wilson : It's obviously complicated... It's complicated?
Cameron : When you decided to talk to Tritter, your life got a million times better.
Cameron : How do you separate that out?
Cameron : How do you pretend your windfall isn't relevant to this decision?
Wilson : It was the right thing to do.
Cameron : You pretending your motives are pure is why I have a problem.
Foreman : Where's Cuddy?
House : In this drawer. It's a rescue mission. I've got it under control, you can leave.
Foreman : You were right about the liver failure,
UNK: the patient had variceal bleeding, which suggested cirrhosis, but...