UNK: Maybe we shouldn't pay our gas bill.
UNK: Hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
UNK: Joey pressed something on the remote and it just came on.
UNK: Mr. Treeger : It happened to me once. It was like finding money.
UNK: Mr. Treeger : Finding money with naked people on it!
UNK: But I made the mistake of turning off the TV.
UNK: Mr. Treeger : I never got it back again.
UNK: And I'm sad.
Joey : Why would he turn off the TV?
Rachel : Do we really have to watch this while we eat?
UNK: We don't know what could make this go away.
Joey : So no one touches the remote, and no one touches the TV.
Chandler : And no one touches the air around the TV.
Joey : Imagine a protective porn bubble, if you will.
UNK: I'm at least going to mute it.
Chandler : We still have porn.
Rachel : What are you doing? That's too heavy. Give it here.
Rachel : Oh, God.
UNK: I'm too pregnant for lugging around a stupid massage table.
UNK: I need a job with a smaller table.
UNK: Or a job without a table.
Phoebe : You mean, like a doctor?
UNK: You're blocking the porn!
Phoebe : That reminds me. I have to see my ob-gyn today.
Ross : Emily just went to the airport.
UNK: Why didn't you take her?
UNK: Her uncle had planned to do it.
Ross : We said our goodbyes this morning.
Monica : You must feel horrible. Hey, the guys have free porn.
Monica : Hey, cheer up. You'll see her again, right?
UNK: I don't know.
UNK: When I brought it up, she said...
Ross : ..."This is so fantastic. Why talk about the future?
UNK: -Let's enjoy" -Don't do the accent. It really bums me out.
UNK: Emily said I was pretty good.
UNK: Well, that's someone you should hang on to.
UNK: You've got to see her again.
Ross : -Why do you care? -Because!
UNK: You could live out my fantasy.
Ross : You had fantasies about Emily?
UNK: You know, the fantasy.
UNK: Meet a foreigner, fall madly in love and spend your lives together.
UNK: Is that why you hung out with that Ukrainian kid in school?
UNK: Yeah, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything.
Monica : Do you love her?
UNK: We said it would only be two weeks.
Monica : You love her.
Ross : What is love, really?
Monica : I knew you loved her!
UNK: You go to the airport and tell her.
UNK: You'll probably catch her at the gate.
UNK: You'll call her name and yell "I love you!"
UNK: She'll say "I love you too!"
UNK: Then you will have the most amazing kiss.
Monica : Everyone at the gate will applaud.
Ross : I am a good kisser.
UNK: Then you two can sneak into the cockpit.
Monica : Things will start to heat up.
Monica : And then a stewardess comes in...
UNK: I've been watching too much porn.