UNK: ...and feels really bad about it now?
UNK: Well, who was so stupid and stubborn...
Phoebe : ...that she lashed out against her friend's cooking...
Phoebe : ...which she actually thinks is pretty great?
UNK: -l'm sorry. -l'm sorry too.
UNK: Hey, you wanna stick around and l'll whip you up some dinner?
Phoebe : Yeah, as long as it's free.
UNK: The food here is ridiculously overpr--
UNK: Who hopes the hand-raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
UNK: -Hey. -Hey.
Rachel : Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head?
UNK: Oh, man. l thought l got it all.
UNK: How...?
UNK: How?
UNK: l was making a peanut butter smoothie, right?
UNK: l couldn't find this little plastic thingy that goes in the top of the blender.
UNK: And l thought, ''Well, you know, how important can that be?'' Right?
Joey : Turns out, very.
UNK: Wow, definitely just Drake.
UNK: -What? -How's it going with Drake?
UNK: -l don't think it's going very well. -What?
UNK: That scene l saw was so good.
UNK: Well, l'm feeling really insecure about the one we're shooting tomorrow.
UNK: ls this that thing you do when you say you're bad so l'll give you a compliment?
Ross : A little.
UNK: No, l really am worried. l have to make it convincing that l'm in love with Olivia.
UNK: -So? -So l've never played that.
Rachel : Oh, honey, it can't be that hard. l mean, you've been in love before.
UNK: Well, just once...
Phoebe : ...with you.
UNK: Okay. Well, this could be a little awkward.
UNK: l'm just gonna blow past it.
UNK: Well, look, can't you just use that method-actor thing...
UNK: ...where you use your real-life memories to help you in your performance?
Joey : What the hell are you talking about?
UNK: All right, look, just try to remember how you felt when you were in love...
Rachel : ...and think about that when you're playing the scene.
UNK: Okay. Yeah, l think l can do that.
UNK: Yeah. Okay, there's this party scene coming up.
Joey : And Olivia and her husband are there...
Joey : ...and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't.
UNK: That makes me think about those times l wanted to grab you and kiss you...
UNK: ...but you didn't know, so l would just pretend everything was cool...
Joey : ...but really it was killing me.
Rachel : Joey, you never talked about that before.
UNK: Hey, you know what else l could use?
UNK: There's this scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom...
Joey : ...and she doesn't know he's there, which never happened with us.
UNK: l mean, he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her.
Joey : You know?
UNK: And l remember all those mornings before you even put on your makeup...
UNK: ...when l would think to myself, ''My God, she is beautiful.''
UNK: And it hurt so much because l knew l could never tell you.
Joey : But it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
UNK: Thanks, dude. This is great!
UNK: l got you something from Vermont.
Monica : Besides tampons and salt?
Joey : Oh, my God.
Monica : Maple candy. That's so sweet of you.
UNK: That's weird, it's empty.
Ross : Hi, you guys. What's going on? You guys wanna hang out or...?
Ross : Do you guys hear a buzzing?