UNK: l mean, you saw him do a love scene.
Monica : So maybe you don't have a thing for Joey. Maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Rachel : Well, it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream.
Monica : Of course it was. Trust me, when it comes to psychology...
UNK: ...l know what l'm talking about.
UNK: l took two psych classes in college.
Rachel : You took the same class twice.
UNK: -lt was hard! -l know.
UNK: -Hey. -Hi, Phoebe.
UNK: Here, Monica, look what l got to wear when l play at your restaurant.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Right? l think this might even class up ''The Ballad of the Uncircumcised Man.''
UNK: Phoebe...
UNK: ...maybe l wasn't clear before.
UNK: l really love listening to your music here.
Monica : But my restaurant, it's sort of an upscale place.
UNK: Right, yeah, okay. l'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
Monica : Phoebe, it's not what you wear.
UNK: lt's sort of your songs.
UNK: l just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
UNK: Okay. Fine, l'll just--
UNK: l'll take the hat back.
UNK: There.
Rachel : Hey, so, you guys, the funniest thing happened at work the--
Phoebe : My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant?
UNK: Okay, we're still on that.
UNK: -l didn't say they weren't good enough. -Then what's wrong with them?
UNK: What, they don't go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
Phoebe : -Tiny portions? -Yeah, well, ''Excuse me.
UNK: l ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but l can't see it. l can't see it.''
Monica : -Phoebe, it's not about quantity. -Well, it's not about quality.
Monica : Oh, really? You wanna talk about quality?
UNK: Have you ever heard of a ''key''? lt's what some people sing in.
Phoebe : Well, at least all my songs don't taste like garlic.
Phoebe : Yeah, there are other ingredients, Monica.
Monica : So that's what we're doing.
UNK: When l'm in a coffeehouse bopping along to one of your songs...
UNK: ...l'm wearing earplugs.
UNK: Earplugs or cloves of garlic?
Monica : You know what? l take back what l said before.
Monica : Keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside...
Monica : ...my bar sales have gone up like crazy.
Phoebe : What are people having, the garlic martini?
UNK: So you wanna hear my work story?
UNK: l'll save it.
UNK: Here's your bill. We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Chandler : Oh, we did. And you still have all your lamps.
UNK: -l didn't factor in the room tax. -Dude, don't worry about it.
UNK: l found an unattended maid's cart. We're way ahead of the game.