UNK: They're giving me a romantic story on Days of Our Lives.
UNK: lt's the first time my character's gotten one. l'm nervous. l want it to be good.
UNK: l haven't seen you this worked-up since you did that dog-food commercial...
Rachel : ...and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog.
Joey : Yeah, that was a disappointment.
UNK: You wanna come down to the set and tell me if l'm doing okay?
Rachel : -Are you serious? -Yeah.
Joey : You just have to promise not to get thrown out again.
Rachel : -That was an honest mistake. -Right.
UNK: ''Oh, my God. ls this the men's room? l feel so foolish.
Joey : Have you always known you wanted to be an actor?''
Rachel : Yeah, that was an awesome day.
Monica : -We're booked solid for the next month. -Well, l can't give you a massage...
UNK: ...because my license has been revoked again.
Ross : -Phoebe, what happened? -Well, it was an accident, you know.
UNK: lt's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips.
UNK: So the restaurant's doing well, you say?
UNK: lt is so great. There are people lining up in the street...
UNK: ...to taste my food. Saturday, there's a waiting list of 50 people.
UNK: l know how that feels. Last semester, l had two students...
UNK: ...who wanted to take my 1 : 00 class, but it was full.
UNK: So they had to take my 5 : 00.
UNK: That's not the same.
UNK: Have l got a surprise for you. Pack your bags.
UNK: Oh, no. You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for seven years.
UNK: What? No, l'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont.
UNK: Oh, good. Okay, good for you. Trying to recapture the magic.
UNK: -So can you get out of work? -Honey, l can't.
Monica : -Things are crazy at the restaurant. -You're really that busy?
UNK: Yeah. l'm sorry, l really am.
UNK: That's okay. l'll just try and reschedule.
Chandler : Hi, this is Chandler Bing. l made a reservation there...
UNK: ...and l need to change it.
UNK: What do you mean, it's nonrefundable? Well, can l just come some other time?
Chandler : Can't you make an exception?
UNK: Tell them l'm a chef at a big New York restaurant.
UNK: Tell them that in two weeks, l will once again be a masseuse in good standing.
Chandler : Look, this is ridiculous. l'm not paying for that room, okay?
UNK: Well, thank you very much.
UNK: Yeah, l'm going to Vermont.
UNK: -Don't worry, use your travel insurance. -l don't have travel insurance.
Ross : Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge.
UNK: -Honey, what are you gonna do? -l'll go.
UNK: Okay, l'll pick you up at 1 0.
UNK: Oh, go with you?
UNK: Oh, l can't go.
Monica : Why don't you take Ross?
UNK: Don't you think that'll be a little weird? l mean, two guys in a romantic inn?
UNK: -No, not if the room has two beds. -l guess.
UNK: lt still seems a little-- ''Moonlight boat ride''?!