UNK: Lt'll push blood into your head, keep you conscious.
UNK: Push one milligram Epinephrine.
UNK: Will that help?
House : No. But it is amazingly cool.
UNK: We need to get her on bypass!
House : We need to keep her here.
UNK: If this was a clot, the force of bypass
House : will blow it into her brain, kill her.
Cameron : If we continue CPR, she'll lose blood flow,
Cameron : which will cause brain damage.
Esteban : What caused the heart to stop?
House : Let's assume it wasn't human error.
Foreman : I didn't nick an artery, it just stopped.
UNK: I said let's assume.
Cameron : The only other option is electrical instability.
Foreman : No ST segment changes.
Foreman : We need to tell the husband.
House : Tell him what? We have no idea what happened.
UNK: House?
UNK: Keep going until I figure this out.
UNK: House!
UNK: Jeez.
UNK: At 47, I hope my colon looks better than this guy's.
UNK: Isolating the first transverse...
Wilson : Not a good time, House.
House : My patient lost her heartbeat during routine cardiac catheterization, so...
House : Human error.
Cameron : Electrical instability?
House : Pre-procedure EKG was normal, no syncope.
UNK: Ischemia?
Wilson : Human error is the only other possible...
Wilson : Of course it's human error!
Wilson : You don't want Foreman to have made a mistake
Wilson : because then you'd have to mock him.
Wilson : And that would put a crimp in your brilliant plan of keeping him
Wilson : by having a breakdown and firing Chase.
Wilson : You mean her heart stopping?
UNK: House! I'm busy! You have a team,
Wilson : run your differential with them.
Wilson : Then you shouldn't have fired Chase.
Wilson : Change is fun, huh?
UNK: Five, six, seven, eight!
UNK: Go!
UNK: Someone's gotta talk to the husband.
Cameron : He thought this whole thing was gonna last 45 minutes!
UNK: A half hour more of this, nothing to talk about,
UNK: we won't be able to bring her back. We gotta get her on bypass.
Nurse : House still isn't answering his phone.
Foreman : You, get in here.
UNK: Go!
Chase : Excuse me, my wife was supposed to be back an hour ago...
UNK: As soon as we know anything, we'll call you.
House : Thank you.
UNK: Human Behavior finals will also get into
Cuddy : clinical presentations of mania,
Cuddy : and we'll touch on Stanislas Dehaene's PET scans.
House : Excuse me, Professor.
Cuddy : House, when we're done with our rounds...
House : My patient has no heartbeat.
House : Stopped when we inserted a catheter during a routine angiogram.
House : Anyone tells me why her heart stopped
House : gets an A in Dr. Cuddy's class.
UNK: Anyone?
House : Human error?
House : Yeah. I'm polling first-year medical students
House : because I hadn't considered human error.
UNK: Marfan's Syndrome?
House : Structural abnormalities would show up on the echo.
UNK: You get a C. Yeah?
UNK: Student3 : Botox injections.
UNK: F.
UNK: Student3 : If the injection was tainted with live botulism, it'd fit.
UNK: B-plus.
House : Unfortunately, she missed her last Botox appointment