Cameron : Why'd you fire Chase?
House : Sure thing.
House : First you tell me the results of the PET scan.
Foreman : Did you fire him for me?
House : Would you stay if I did?
Cameron : You asked him to fire Chase?
UNK: No! Yes!
Cameron : You're frustrated with Foreman
Cameron : so you lash out, kick the dog?
UNK: He's not gone five minutes and the name-calling starts.
House : What's on the PET scan?
Cameron : Why'd you fire Chase?
House : Do you know what's on the PET scan?
Cuddy : You two, out.
UNK: Wait! What's on the PET scan?
Cuddy : You can't dump your entire department
Cuddy : just because you don't know how to deal with an issue.
UNK: Yes, they are all irreplaceable.
UNK: If only in this country we'd figure out a way
UNK: to somehow teach people to interpret PET scans.
UNK: What the hell's wrong with you? You fired Chase?
House : I don't suppose you know what's on my patient's PET scan.
Wilson : I told you to show Foreman you have a heart.
Wilson : How does that translate into you being a bastard?
House : So that's a no.
Cuddy : Pick up the phone and tell Chase you made a mistake.
Cuddy : Un-fire him.
House : Chase, if you know what's on the PET scan, call me back.
Wilson : Cut the crap.
Cuddy : Chase is a good doctor.
UNK: Sorry, you're in the wrong room.
House : My name on the door, my team, my decisions.
Cuddy : My building, my floor, my people.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Hold that reprimand. House.
UNK: Dr. Chase! How are you?
House : Thank you. You are indispensable.
House : You're still fired. Sorry.
House : Wow, that was awkward.
House : PET scan revealed a blood clot in my patient's arm.
House : Which means goodbye.
UNK: Still got two people working for me,
UNK: gotta get one of them to do my job.
Foreman : A clot means a heart problem.
Foreman : We have to do an emergency angiogram.
UNK: But you're not sure it's a blood clot?
House : PET scan can't determine that with certainty.
Esteban : So you have no better idea what's wrong with her than when we first got here?
Foreman : We've ruled out MS. I told you it wasn't MS.
UNK: Where is Dr. House?
UNK: Dr. House has left for the night.
Foreman : He'll be here in the morning to review the results,
Foreman : if you sign the consent.
Esteban : But, you know, you could call him at home.
Foreman : He doesn't always pick up, so keep calling.
House : Thank you.
UNK: RINGING
UNK: The catheter is in her femoral artery.
Cameron : Why are you telling me that?
Foreman : Because you're assisting.
Cameron : Do I look like I'm assisting?
Foreman : I had nothing to do with Chase's termination.
MARINA : Is everything okay?
Foreman : You're doing fine, Marina.
Foreman : The dye will take a minute to work its way through your system.
Cameron : Why would you tell House you're leaving because he's a jerk?
Foreman : Because it's the truth.
House : Did you give an angry Cuban my home number?
Cameron : Why would you do that?
Wilson : You're not turning into House, you're worse than him.
Foreman : Let me get this straight. Instead of picking up the phone
Foreman : and talking to a patient for five minutes,
Foreman : you gave up on sleep and drove in here.
Marina : My chest!
UNK: BEEPING
Foreman : She's in V-Tach.
House : What did you do? Nothing!
Cameron : Must have hit something. You nick an artery?
Foreman : She has no pulse.
Marina : It hurts.
Foreman : She has no pulse, but she's talking.
UNK: Cough! Cough again! Keep coughing!