UNK: VIBRATING
Wilson : You don't answer your phone anymore.
UNK: I'm world-famous now. Press won't leave me alone.
Wilson : It's Cuddy. I know.
House : If it was the press, I'd be answering.
Wilson : And since you're not taking her calls, I am.
Wilson : Your patient's been waiting for hours.
House : She didn't book an appointment.
Wilson : No, she risked her life.
Marina : If you don't reach terra firma,
House : you don't get any milk or honey.
Wilson : The woman has 10 different things wrong with her,
Wilson : including pains all over her body.
UNK: Admittedly, not as interesting
Wilson : as staring uselessly at Foreman.
House : You know why I find a goodbye party fascinating?
UNK: I think it's kind of insulting to celebrate when someone leaves you.
UNK: What are you gonna do to keep him? Nothing.
UNK: He really is gonna leave. You know that, right?
UNK: Yeah. So what are you gonna do?
House : Nothing I can do.
House : He doesn't want more money, better working conditions,
House : doesn't even want a better job.
House : He wants to not be me.
Wilson : Because he thinks you're a cold-hearted bastard
Wilson : without any regard for anyone but yourself.
House : He's right.
Wilson : You need to show him that you really do care.
UNK: Don't!
House : Foreman's not the only chocolate-covered cherry in the box.
UNK: House, you play a guitar you got in ninth grade.
UNK: Eighth.
Wilson : You're living in the same apartment for 15 years,
UNK: you drive a 10 year-old car, you are not good with change.
House : That used to be true, but I changed.
Wilson : He's not afraid to be you, he's afraid to be who he thinks you are.
CHASE : Rheumatic fever would explain the skin rash.
CAMERON : But not the double vision or bloody urine.
Chase : They were lost at sea for three days.
UNK: Severe dehydration causes kidney problems.
Cameron : And the double vision?
UNK: Concussion during the shipwreck.
Foreman : It all fits as long as each symptom started when you think it started.
House : This would be a lot easier if we had her medical records.
House : Any of you certified deep-sea divers?
UNK: She's from a dirt-poor country in the tropics.
UNK: Infectious disease and parasites are the most likely cause
Chase : of unexplained pain, fever and skin rash. We might as well start there.
House : If there's one thing Castro knows,
UNK: it's how to look great in green.
House : And if there are two things Castro knows,
UNK: it's how to look great in green and train doctors.
House : Even without the medical records,
House : we can assume she was drowned in antibiotics
House : before she risked drowning to see me.
Cameron : So what doesn't Castro know?
House : How to lay his hands on high-tech scanning equipment.
House : Pain, double vision point us toward the head.
House : Cameron, get an MRI.
UNK: Chase, check out the husband.
Chase : Why? He hasn't complained of any pain.
House : Basic math. Take all of her symptoms, subtract his sea symptoms,
House : the remainder equals her original symptoms.