Esteban : She does not have MS.
FOREMAN : I know it's not a pleasant diagnosis to hear...
Chase : But, no! The doctors in Cuba would have found MS.
UNK: BEEPING
Esteban : What's that?
UNK: It's all right. Her pulse ox just came off.
Foreman : Marina, you can't...
UNK: But it hurts.
UNK: Her pain is getting worse!
Esteban : Your treatment isn't working because it's not MS.
Foreman : Does this hurt?
UNK: SCREAMS
House : Wow! Well, either Foreman's way stronger than he thinks he is or...
House : Seriously. Or?
Cameron : She's too young for osteoporosis that severe.
Chase : And too old for osteogenesis imperfecta.
Foreman : Which leaves bone cancer.
Chase : Cancer's a long shot. HOUSE : Why?
UNK: Because metastatic tumors don't explain the abnormal MRI,
House : kidney damage, cotton mouth, double vision.
House : Oh, wait, they do!
Chase : Infection could do all that, too.
House : It's not an infection.
Chase : Because you know the nonexistent medical records confirm
Chase : that the brilliant doctors in Cuba treated her for infection,
Chase : or because you're trying to kiss up to Foreman?
House : Because an infection would cause a fever,
House : and the brilliant doctors who work in my office
House : have already crossed that off the list because the husband...
Chase : You're the one who said it's possible for two people
Foreman : to have the same symptom for two different reasons.
Foreman : And you're the one who said if we do that,
Chase : we might as well throw out everything we got from the husband.
Chase : Right, and then you said we should do something productive
Chase : like breaking her arm?
House : Foreman didn't break her arm.
Chase : Of course he didn't. Cancer did.
UNK: Put her in a PET scan, see what else it's breaking.
UNK: This isn't gonna work! He's not a moron!
Chase : You can't just agree with everything he says for two days
Chase : and hope he forgets the last three years and how much he hates you!
House : Anything else?
House : When you get the results of the PET scan, let me know.
Chase : I don't really care if Foreman stays or goes, but...
House : You're fired.
UNK: MUMBLES
UNK: What, because I yelled at you?
House : Because you've been here the longest,
House : learned all you can or you haven't learned anything at all.
House : Either way, it's time for a change.
UNK: Fine.
FOREMAN : No tumors in her arm.
UNK: Synovial membrane is working fine.
UNK: No hot spots, no bone cancer.
Cameron : Maybe we should be looking for something else.
Cameron : Is it raining out?
Chase : House fired me. What?
Cameron : Because you yelled at him?
UNK: "Time for a change" was the official explanation.
Cameron : It makes no sense.
Foreman : Since when does House make sense?
Cameron : He always makes sense.
Foreman : He's angry.
Cameron : Yes, it's all about you, Foreman.
Cameron : He's upset you're leaving, so he fires Chase.
Chase : Excuse me.
UNK: On the humerus, she's got a hot spot.