UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
UNK: Her heart? It beat?
House : No, it's residual flow from the bypass.
Esteban : No, I can feel it. Look!
Esteban : That is her heart, no?
UNK: P wave, Q, R, S, T wave. That's a normal normal.
UNK: Esteban?
UNK: Marina!
House : Holy crap.
Marina : Is this heaven?
House : No, it's New Jersey.
UNK: God sent you back to me.
Esteban : It's a miracle.
HOUSE : It's impossible.
CAMERON : Apparently not.
House : Live hearts don't stop for no reason.
House : Dead hearts don't start for no reason.
Cameron : Apparently they do.
UNK: She's three hours off bypass and still stable.
Foreman : And the pain is gone.
House : No, it's not.
Cameron : You think she's lying about feeling better?
Cuddy : Just because it's not there now doesn't mean it's gone.
Cuddy : Just because it was there before
House : doesn't mean it's coming back.
Foreman : Chase was probably right.
Foreman : She had some sort of tropical infection
Foreman : that cleared when we put her on antibiotics during the bypass.
House : Antibiotics did not bring her back to life.
Cameron : Other than a miracle,
Cameron : it's the only explanation for her symptoms.
House : How come God gets credit whenever something good happens?
House : Where was he when her heart stopped?
House : What if it wasn't human error?
House : What if it was God's error?
House : A congenital defect in an artery making it susceptible to inflammation.
House : We need to do another angiogram.
Cameron : We've looked at her heart 100 different ways. There was no evidence...
House : The one time we looked inside her heart,
House : we stopped before we could see anything.
Foreman : Because it stopped.
House : Good news.
UNK: I think we know what the problem is.
UNK: You mean "was."
House : Hey, it's my first language, not yours.
Foreman : If she wants to outlive Castro, we need to fix her heart.
UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
House : In case no one's filled you in,
House : today is Monday, which means you've been dead for a day.
UNK: If that kind of symptom comes back, it can get serious.
House : I need to do another angiogram.
Esteban : Wait. Wasn't that what caused her heart to stop before?
House : No, God caused that. He's all-powerful, you know.
UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
Marina : He was watching over us in the ocean
Marina : and he's watching over us now.
House : Your rescuers didn't have wings, they had a helicopter.
Marina : Esteban prayed.
House : Do you know how many little boys are praying for jetpacks?
House : How many priests are praying for...
UNK: Well, that one actually works.
Marina : You didn't bring me back to him.
UNK: And I'm not gonna take you away from him,
House : but if we don't do this test, God will.
Esteban : You said there was no chance, no hope, which means...
House : Which means I was wrong.
House : But I'm wrong all the time.
House : My mistakes don't prove there's a God.
House : You came a long way to see me.
UNK: You gonna put her life in God's hands or in mine?
UNK: Ready?
House : I better not see you praying.