Alexis : I'll let him stay secret.
Castle : Mark my words, you'll thank me.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So our victim is Linda Russo.
UNK: Kate Beckett : She's a customer relations worker at a cable company.
Castle : Maybe someone was unsatisfied with their service.
Beckett : Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Castle : You were?
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Sanitation workers found her body under a couple of boxes.
Beckett : She lives two blocks away over at 24th and 10th.
Beckett : Looks like she was on her way home.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. - Hey.
UNK: What?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : It's nothing.
Beckett : No, what?
UNK: Well, she just looks so peaceful.
Lanie : There's nothing peaceful about what put her here.
Lanie : She was strangled.
Castle : With rope?
Lanie : So it appears.
Beckett : Castle, do you have a theory that you would like to share with the class?
Castle : It's just that...
Castle : Pretty blonde girl, strangled,
Castle : laid out like she was asleep.
Beckett : That was four years ago.
Castle : Yes, but he was never caught.
UNK: This is his MO
Castle : and she is certainly his type.
Beckett : Yeah, well, then you should know that he killed his victims
Beckett : inside their apartments, not in alleyways.
UNK: And he posed them in a funereal pose,
Beckett : with their hands clasped in front of them.
Castle : Maybe he's switching up his act.
UNK: Or this just could be a crime of opportunity
Beckett : where a young woman was murdered.
Beckett : Mrs. Russo, did your daughter ever talk to you about being followed?
UNK: Mrs. Russo : No, nothing like that.
Beckett : Can you think of anyone that might have wanted to harm her?
Beckett : Any relationship problems?
UNK: Mrs. Russo : She wasn't even dating.
UNK: Mrs. Russo : Pretty much all she did was work.
Beckett : - At the cable company, right? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Did she have any issues with anyone there?
UNK: Mrs. Russo : There was a man at her office.
Beckett : What was his name?
UNK: Mrs. Russo : She didn't say.
UNK: Mrs. Russo : But he stared at her a lot. Like some pervert.
Lanie : - That was quick. - 9-1-1 has that effect on her.
UNK: What did you find?
Lanie : I pulled all the files on all his past murders,
Lanie : just like you asked.
Castle : I believe that was my idea.
Lanie : Yeah, but I only listen when it comes from her.
Beckett : Anyway, you were saying?
UNK: He choked them, using a 3-strand twisted quarter-inch rope.
UNK: Based on the fibers found embedded in the skin,
Lanie : we know that the rope was green and white nylon.
Castle : I don't remember that.
Lanie : Those details were never made public. Now check this out.
Castle : The marks are identical.
Lanie : I found the exact same green and white fibers.
Beckett : It is him.
Beckett : The Triple Killer is back.
Montgomery : For those of you living in a cave four years ago,
Montgomery : the Triple Killer, or 3XK,
Montgomery : got his nickname by strangling three women in a week,
Montgomery : dropping out of sight for a month and then killing three more.
Montgomery : Then he disappeared.
Montgomery : I served on the task force that investigated those six murders.
UNK: An FBI profile was as close as we came to ID'ing a suspect.
UNK: The Feds say he's a white male, 25 to 45 years old...
Castle : Could be me.
Montgomery : ...with a dysfunctional relationship with his mother.
Castle : Still me.
UNK: He has a menial, unimportant job.
Beckett : Definitely you.
UNK: Just for that I'll base my next book on Esposito.
UNK: He'd learn their habits, and then gain access to their apartments