Montgomery : by disguising himself as a security guard or a repairman.
Montgomery : And then he strangled them
Montgomery : and he posed their bodies as if they were lying in a coffin.
UNK: What do you think that's all about?
Castle : Probably re-enacting some terrible early trauma.
Montgomery : Two final points,
Beckett : the Triple Killer seems to be back after four years,
Montgomery : there must be a reason.
Montgomery : Maybe he just got out of prison, or returned to town.
Montgomery : He may have altered his MO.
Montgomery : But let's assume that he's working under the same clock.
Montgomery : Three murders, one week.
Montgomery : Based on Linda Russo's time of death, we're already into day three.
Montgomery : Let's move on this, people.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : That perv the mom told us about?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Linda's colleagues knew who he was right away. Paul McCardle.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : He works at her office as a horticultural technician.
Beckett : A what?
UNK: You know, he's the guy who waters the plants, dusts the fake ficus.
Ryan : Or at least he was, until he quit yesterday.
Beckett : That's interesting timing.
Beckett : I see domestic complaints by the double digits.
Castle : Filed by his wife.
Ryan : Ex-wife. They were divorced last month after being married for four years.
Castle : So, in a way, he did just get out of prison.
Ryan : Gets even better.
Ryan : Linda's neighbors said they remember seeing a red Sentra
UNK: parked outside of her apartment a few days ago.
Ryan : Same vehicle McCardle has.
Beckett : Let's get him in here.
Mccardle : So what's this about?
Beckett : Linda Russo. Where were you two nights ago between 6 : 00 and midnight?
UNK: Oh.
Mccardle : I was bowling with some buddies at Galaxy Lanes.
Castle : So why did you decide to abandon your career as a horticultural technician?
Mccardle : I just wanted to move on.
Beckett : Because you used that job to watch Linda, to stalk her,
Beckett : and once she was dead, why stick around?
Mccardle : That is not true. I'm innocent, here.
Beckett : Well, you don't look innocent.
Castle : As a matter of fact,
Castle : you give new meaning to the phrase sweating a suspect.
Mccardle : Okay, yeah, I perspire a lot, okay?
Mccardle : I have a medical condition.
Beckett : Well, that's the least of your problems, Mr. McCardle.
Beckett : Your fixation with Linda Russo was well-known,
Beckett : as was your history of violence against women.
Beckett : Your car was seen outside of her apartment
Beckett : and now she's dead.
Mccardle : I never touched her!
Mccardle : I had a thing for Linda, okay?
Mccardle : I had a thing for Linda and I parked out in front of her place,
Mccardle : but I haven't been anywhere near there in three days, okay?
Mccardle : Not since that guy threatened me.
Beckett : What guy?
Mccardle : I got rousted by some security guy
Mccardle : and he told me to move on.
Mccardle : And it really freaked me out and I haven't been back there since.
Mccardle : I swear that's the truth.
UNK: So Sweaty-Von-Sweats-A-Lot, his alibi's holding.
UNK: The manager at Galaxy Lanes
UNK: Javier Esposito : has him throwing gutter balls from 5 : 00 until close.
Beckett : What about the security guard?
Esposito : Ryan checked into that.
UNK: Turns out, that there's only one building on Linda's block that uses guards.
Esposito : According to the security company, no incident report was ever filed
Esposito : against McCardle or his vehicle.
Castle : So McCardle was lying.
Beckett : Maybe not.
Beckett : You know, in the past, the Triple Killer posed as a security guard.
Beckett : Maybe our guard wasn't a guard after all.
Beckett : Maybe he was the Triple Killer, moving McCardle off of his turf.
Montgomery : Well, whoever he is, he's sticking to his schedule.
Montgomery : We have a second victim.
Lanie : Her name's Kim Foster, 28, an interior designer.
Lanie : Same rope marks on her neck.
Lanie : Same everything.
Beckett : When did she die?
Lanie : Based on liver temp, I'd say sometime last night.
Lanie : Probably early evening.
UNK: A neighbor saw a gas repairman leave at 7 : 45.
Castle : No doorman on the building,