UNK: That's him. 7 : 31.
Beckett : No, that can't be.
Esposito : It is. Look.
UNK: Same sideburns.
Esposito : And there's the snake tattoo.
Beckett : Well then, he slipped out the back and went to Kim's.
UNK: How would he get from 101 st to Midtown,
UNK: and change clothes in four minutes?
Beckett : I don't know. But he did it.
Beckett : Can we enhance this video?
Montgomery : You can enhance it all you want.
Montgomery : It doesn't change the facts. We gotta cut him loose.
Beckett : Sir, I just...
Montgomery : I don't like this any more than you, Detective.
Montgomery : But he alibis out.
UNK: Looks like we got it all wrong. You're free to go.
Gates : With this Triple Killer fella running around,
Gates : you all better keep your loved ones close.
UNK: I sure hope you catch him.
Beckett : Put a surveillance detail on him.
UNK: I don't want that son of a bitch out of our sight.
Castle : Oh, don't you look adorable this morning.
Alexis : I meet my secret admirer today.
Caslte : I can just picture the scene.
Caslte : You and your secret admirer agree to meet in the cafeteria.
Caslte : You scan the array of pimply faces. Which one is his?
Castle : Your secret admirer uses the prearranged signal
UNK: of a double-helping of mashed potatoes on his plate.
Caslte : He's handsome, charming.
Caslte : In an asexual, non-threatening kind of way.
Alexis : Nice try, but it'll be so much more mysterious.
Alexis : Listen to this.
Alexis : "If you want to meet, I'll be at Strawberry Fields at 5 : 00.
UNK: "I hope you'll be there, too."
Castle : No. No, no, no.
Castle : No, you're not going.
Alexis : Before, you were practically forcing me to find out who he is.
Castle : Not in the park, not by yourself.
Alexis : But I've been there a million times.
UNK: Whoa. Wait, wait, wait.
Castle : The first note you got,
UNK: "Rope of flaxen hair." Rope! Flaxen! Flaxen is blonde!
Alexis : Dad, I'm a redhead. You are totally overreacting.
Alexis : I'm meeting my secret admirer and that's all there is to it.
Martha : Richard, darling, she's right. You are being utterly irrational.
Martha : and I thought my understudy was trying to poison me.
Castle : Oh, yeah. The daily blood tests I paid for.
Castle : Wait, she did poison you!
Castle : The Swiss chocolate she gave you was a laxative.
Martha : It added a certain urgency to my performance.
Martha : But, the point is, you indulged my paranoia.
Martha : So therefore, I am going to be in the park, 5 : 00,
UNK: at a discreet distance to make sure
UNK: that Alexis's secret admirer is not an ax murderer.
Castle : Thank you.
Martha : You're welcome.
Castle : Tell me you've arrested Gates.
Beckett : I mean, I don't know how, Castle, but he killed Kim Foster.
Beckett : And he's going to do it again.
Castle : There's been no developments? Usually, you call me with news.
UNK: You called to seek my counsel.
Beckett : I wouldn't say it exactly like that...
Castle : You were hoping I had some wild theory,
Castle : some sort of penetrating insight that would lead us to a breakthrough.
Beckett : Well, do you?
Castle : I got nothing.
Beckett : I just need some piece of evidence.
Beckett : I mean, someone that he talked to. Anything.
Castle : What if Gates confided in Jerry about the previous murders?
UNK: Yeah, well, Jerry's not gonna talk to us.
Beckett : He got beaten up in the prison yard this morning.
Beckett : And he thinks that Gates had something to do with it.
Castle : Sounds like Gates is afraid of what Jerry Tyson knows.
Jerry : Get the hell away from me.
Beckett : Listen, Jerry. We just need a little more information on Marcus Gates.
Jerry : Don't you guys get it?
Jerry : I'm a dead man, thanks to you!
Beckett : Not if we get you out.
Beckett : The DA has agreed to get you an early release and police protection.
Jerry : Gates knows about my girlfriend.
Jerry : Donna Gallagher. He could get to her, too.
Beckett : Well, then, we'll make sure he doesn't.
UNK: We got to move on this, Jerry.
Beckett : Last chance.