Beckett : as was used by the Triple Killer.
Gates : Last I checked, a man's allowed to carry rope.
Beckett : I think you wanted to get caught, Marcus.
Beckett : There's nothing left for you out here.
Beckett : But in prison, people fear you.
UNK: You're a shot-caller. And you wanted to be king again.
UNK: All that's left for you to do is to clear the air of all these murders
Beckett : and be done with it all.
Alexis : Nice try.
UNK: This guy's never gonna give it up.
Beckett : Sir, I need leverage and I don't have any.
Beckett : There's no witnesses,
Beckett : there's no proof that connects him to any of the murders.
Beckett : The only thing that I've got him on is an assault charge.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : We just got a hit on McCardle's APB. He's at St. Benjamin's Hospital.
Castle : Maybe Gates got to him.
Beckett : Sir, if I can get McCardle to roll...
Castle : - Go. - Yeah.
UNK: I... Yeah...
UNK: Okay, fine, Castle. Go.
Beckett : Just stay out of his way.
Beckett : And, Ryan, get me something I can break him with.
Ryan : Excuse me. I'm Detective Ryan.
Ryan : We'd like a word with Mr. McCardle.
Doctor : You can't have one. He just got out of heart surgery.
Beckett : What for?
Doctor : Congenital valve defect.
Castle : Would that cause excessive sweating, by any chance?
Doctor : Among other more serious symptoms.
UNK: He's been in dire need of surgery for over a year.
Castle : So why get it now?
Doctor : He finally came up with the money.
Doctor : It's kind of a costly procedure.
Ryan : How costly?
UNK: About $ 100,000.
Ryan : Who footed the bill?
Doctor : That's confidential information.
Castle : You spoke to his ex-wife. She didn't even know he was here.
Ryan : She hated the guy.
Ryan : So who sent the flowers?
Castle : McCardle's surgery had nothing to do with Gates.
UNK: In fact, Gates sent him get-well flowers.
Beckett : Which means he cares about his foster brother.
Castle : That's your leverage.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Tell Jerry his girlfriend's fine
Beckett : and he doesn't have to worry about Gates anymore.
Gates : You keep coming back for more.
Gates : I look for that in a woman.
Beckett : We found Paul.
Ryan : He's at St. Benjamin's.
Beckett : We know that he pretended to be you the night of Kim Foster's murder.
UNK: And I'm gonna get him to testify against you.
Gates : You don't know Paul.
Beckett : Well, then we'll go another way.
Beckett : I'll charge him with accessory to murder.
Castle : - You can't do that. - Actually, we can.
Beckett : Sing Sing might have been a picnic for you.
Beckett : But how long do you think Paul is gonna survive in there?
Gates : Paul didn't know what was going on.
Gates : He only did what I told him.
Beckett : The only way to prove that is by telling me the whole story.
Gates : Only if Paul gets immunity.
Gates : And I want that in writing.
UNK: Is that him?
Montgomery : That's him.
Beckett : Mr. Gates, did you kill Kim Foster?
Gates : Yes. I killed all of them.
Ryan : Gates confessed to everything.
UNK: We get to chalk one up for the good guys. Why the long face?
Castle : Because if this were a book, I still wouldn't understand the operation.
UNK: A valve replacement. It's no big deal. My dad had one.
UNK: Yeah. It is if you don't have money. Who paid for it?
Ryan : I'm guessing Gates did.
Ryan : Maybe he stashed away some money from before prison.
Castle : Yeah. But he was out of prison for a month.
UNK: Why wait till now to do McCardle's operation?
Ryan : He needed McCardle to help him with Linda Russo and Kim Foster.
Jerry : I guess.
Ryan : Packing up?
UNK: Just getting my stuff together.
Castle : All that stuff from prison?
Jerry : You accumulate a lot of stuff, you know, even in the slammer.
Ryan : You were right about Gates.
Ryan : He did try to go after Donna.
Ryan : But she's okay.
Ryan : And Gates?
Ryan : He confessed. It's all over.
Jerry : Thank God.
Castle : Aren't you going to ask what happened?
Castle : To your girlfriend, Donna.
Castle : You didn't ask about her. You just asked about Gates.
UNK: That doesn't make any sense unless...
Castle : She was supposed to die.
Jerry : I don't know what...
Castle : And McCardle didn't get the money for the surgery
Castle : until after you got out of prison.
Castle : He's removing all evidence he was even there.
Castle : It was him all along. He's the real Triple Killer.
Jerry : Guilty as charged.