UNK: so the Triple Killer calls Kim Foster on the intercom,
Castle : says he wants to check a gas leak.
Castle : She buzzes him in.
Espostio : Let me check the incoming caller IDs.
Beckett : I don't get it. Why did he return to the old MO?
UNK: Nostalgia.
Beckett : He killed Linda Russo in an alley.
Beckett : She didn't have a doorman either,
Beckett : why didn't he just kill her in her apartment like all the others?
Castle : Maybe she was special somehow.
UNK: The vic's last incoming call was at 7 : 35 from the front door.
Beckett : She must have let him in and boom, he just overpowered her.
Castle : Maybe it wasn't that easy, look at those throw pillows.
Espostio : What's wrong with them?
Castle : Kim Foster's an interior designer.
Castle : These pillows have been arranged with a barbarian-like gracelessness.
Beckett : Like a man would do it. So she put up a fight.
UNK: They struggled right here on the couch.
Beckett : And then he reset the pillows to cover it up.
Castle : He's out of practice, so he's not so neat.
UNK: What?
UNK: I found a penny.
Castle : Under the circumstances, is this still lucky?
UNK: Wait, I think I found something, too.
UNK: "Vince."
Castle : Think it belonged to the killer?
Beckett : Maybe it's been here for weeks.
UNK: I'm gonna have to get CSU to process this area.
Ryan : Sir, a Mr. Townsend wants a word.
Montgomery : Bring him in.
UNK: Cal!
Montgomery : Good to see you.
Montgomery : How's Marie?
UNK: Cal Townsend : She's okay.
UNK: Cal Townsend : We're split up now.
Montgomery : I'm sorry to hear that.
UNK: Reporters...
Townsend : They keep coming to my door and asking me how I feel about
Townsend : the man who killed my daughter
UNK: and might be on the loose again and you know...
UNK: After Sara died and all through the investigation,
Townsend : you were always straight with me and I just need to know,
Townsend : I mean, what they're saying...
Townsend : Is it true? I mean...
Townsend : Is he back?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Cal, we got leads. We got good leads
UNK: and we're doing all we can to chase them down.
Montgomery : If we make an arrest, you'll be the first to know.
Montgomery : I promise you.
UNK: Sara would've been 29 next week.
Townsend : Don't let him do this to another family.
UNK: Hey!
Beckett : Hey, there's no news from CSU on the nametag,
Beckett : not that I was expecting any.
Castle : Makes you wonder why he didn't pull
Castle : that whole gas leak routine on Linda Russo.
Beckett : I know why. The answer's in here.
Castle : A transcript?
Beckett : From four years ago.
Beckett : I took a look at calls made to the Triple Killer tip line