Beckett : Do you know a Kim Foster?
Gates : Doesn't ring a bell.
UNK: Mmm. She has nice hair.
UNK: Have you, or haven't you see her?
Gates : New York City is a big place.
Gates : I've been to a lot of apartments.
Beckett : This building is at 35th and 8th.
Beckett : She lived in 301.
UNK: Were you ever in that particular unit?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, then perhaps you can explain to me how we found this nametag
Beckett : with your fingerprint on it lying next to her body.
Gates : As a matter of fact, I can.
UNK: Can't wait to hear this.
Gates : I work at The Empire Prop House.
UNK: And?
Gates : And they rent props for movies and TV shows.
Beckett : I know what a prop house is.
Gates : So that's my job, I stock props.
Gates : Tons of nametags just like this one,
Gates : I bet I've touched a hundred of them.
Montgomery : Run that down, see if he's for real.
Beckett : On it.
Beckett : There's no record of you having this job.
Gates : They pay me under the table.
UNK: Oh!
Gates : Maybe you can get me for tax evasion.
Beckett : This prop house where you say you work,
Beckett : do they have uniforms there?
UNK: Sure.
Beckett : Like gas company uniforms?
Gates : Any kind of uniform you can think of, they got it.
Beckett : And have you ever taken any of these uniforms home?
Beckett : Do you have any in your possession?
Gates : Are you guys searching my place?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : So if there are any uniforms there, you may as well tell me.
UNK: Wow. I'm gonna want to see the search warrant.
Beckett : What for?
Gates : It's my legal right.
Gates : And I'm done talking till you show it to me.
Gates : So, you better get with Affirmative Action back there
Castle : How is that giving him a peek?
Montgomery : The warrant lists ropes, uniforms, and other personal effects
Montgomery : belonging to Kim Foster, Linda Russo
Montgomery : and the other six Triple Killer victims.
Montgomery : By looking at the warrant,
Montgomery : he can gauge where we are in our investigation.
Castle : That's not giving him a peek, that's showing him our whole hand!
Castle : He'll know we think he's the Triple Killer.
Beckett : He already knows.
Esposito : Yo! Empire Prop confirmed that Gates works in their warehouse
Esposito : and had access to those tags.
UNK: He clocked out at 7 : 02 the night of Kim Foster's murder.
Esposito : Now, Empire is in Lincoln Square.
UNK: Which means he had enough of time to get to her apartment
UNK: and push the intercom button by 7 : 35.
Montgomery : Show him the warrant.
Montgomery : Odds are, he will lawyer up. But try to stop him.
UNK: How is she supposed to do that?
Montgomery : I don't think she can.
UNK: Turns out, you've got a lot more on your mind than just Kim Foster.
Gates : I see the names of seven other women here.
UNK: Ryan.
UNK: Tell me you got something.
Ryan : No rope, no uniform.
Ryan : Nothing that ties him to any of the victims.
UNK: The thing is, this nametag is the probable cause for bringing me in.
Gates : But I've explained the fingerprint.
Gates : And by now, I'm sure you've checked out my story.
Beckett : Actually, we're still verifying that.
Gates : I know how this works.
Gates : You do not have probable cause to hold me.
UNK: Is that right? Can't we hold him?
Montgomery : Only in the movies.
Castle : So he can just walk out of here?
UNK: Unless she can catches him in a lie, that gives her cause to keep him.
Gates : I want to leave now.
Beckett : Okay, fine. You can do that.
UNK: But the second that you lawyer up and leave
Beckett : you become the focus of a major investigation.
Beckett : It will disrupt your life in ways you can't even imagine.
Gates : I'm already the focus.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you don't have to be.
Beckett : Look, the truth is,
Beckett : we don't have any evidence that connects you to those murders.
Beckett : It all boils down to Kim Foster.
Beckett : Even if your fingerprints got on this nametag by accident,
Beckett : with your record, you still look like a suspect to us.
Beckett : So Kim Foster's a problem for you.
Beckett : You said you've never been to her apartment.
UNK: Where you were at 7 : 35 last night?
Gates : What's in that for me?
Beckett : If your alibi checks out, then we move on.
Beckett : We go after the real killer.
UNK: I left work at 7 : 00. I walked home like I always do.
UNK: I got home maybe 7 : 30, and I stayed in all night.
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: This is off of a traffic cam across from Gates' apartment.
Beckett : This is it. This'll prove that he was lying.
UNK: At 7 : 35, he was on his way to Kim Foster's apartment.
UNK: Wait. Whoa, whoa. Stop... Stop there.