Jerry : Okay. I'll do it. I'll take the deal.
Castle : We need to know.
Castle : Did Gates ever talk to you about attacking women?
Jerry : There was this one time he told me about this chick, Sara,
Jerry : down in SoHo.
UNK: That could be Sara Townsend.
Jerry : He told me about how he busted into her place
Jerry : and things got out of control.
UNK: But it must've been pretty bad
UNK: because Gates said he was worried that the cops were after him.
UNK: So he busted a bottle over this guy's head to get himself locked up.
Jerry : That way he'd be under the radar for a while.
UNK: That's a good start.
UNK: My name is Detective Ryan, I'm your new best friend.
UNK: The hotel's under surveillance.
Ryan : For your own safety, you cannot leave or use the phone.
Ryan : Right now, you and I need to go over everything Gates ever said to you,
Ryan : even if it seems stupid or unimportant.
Montgomery : Jerry's story squares with the facts.
UNK: Sara Townsend was Gates' sixth victim and she lives in SoHo.
UNK: Alexis Castle : What about assault-with-a-deadly-bottle?
Montgomery : It fits, too. It came a week after Sara's death.
Montgomery : Looks like Gates sent himself up the river on purpose.
UNK: That's still not enough to arrest him, is it?
UNK: No, but if Jerry has more tidbits like that, it may help us get there.
Esposito : We can't locate Donna Gallagher, and she's not picking up her cell.
Beckett : Sir, where is Gates now?
Montgomery : At his apartment. Surveillance says he hasn't left the building.
Beckett : Contact Donna's friends and family, find out where she is.
Beckett : I told Jerry we'd keep her safe.
UNK: Right.
Jerry : Can't you just arrest this guy? I mean, you know he did these things.
Ryan : He has an alibi. We can't put him at the murder scene.
Jerry : He used partners sometimes. You know that, right?
UNK: Partner?
Ryan : We never ran across anything about a partner.
Jerry : Oh, yeah. He said a partner helps him get away with things.
Jerry : Though I get the idea he never uses the same partner twice.
UNK: Jerry said that Gates used a partner.
Castle : A partner? That's why he has an alibi.
Castle : Tell your guys to arrest Gates. I know how he killed Kim Foster.
Castle : Gates said he walks home every night at the same time, right?
Castle : So this traffic cam footage from the day before...
Castle : Wait, there he is. There he is.
UNK: Okay. That's Gates on the right,
Esposito : the night of Kim Foster's murder.
Castle : On the left, Gates from a night earlier.
Castle : What's wrong with this picture?
UNK: Beckett & Esposito : - He's too short. - He's too short.
Castle : So, either Gates shrank...
Beckett : Or this is his partner.
Castle : He wore Gates' clothing.
UNK: Gates would've had access to wigs and disguises from the prop house.
Castle : That's how Gates can be at two places at once.
UNK: Wait.
Esposito : What's that?
UNK: Uh... It's a reflection. From...
UNK: From sweat. Sweaty-Von-Sweats-A-Lot.
Beckett : That's Paul McCardle. That's why he was watching Linda Russo.
Beckett : He's the partner. He was working with Gates.
UNK: I'm gonna put an APB on McCardle.
UNK: You'd better add Marcus Gates to that list.
Ryan : - Sir? - When officers busted into his place,
Montgomery : all they found was a rope ladder
Montgomery : going down to the rooftop of the building next door.
Montgomery : Gates is gone.
UNK: I got uniforms searching the area. No sign of Gates.
Castle : Maybe he's going after Donna. That way, he could punish Jerry, too.
Montgomery : We got any leads on her whereabouts?
Beckett : Esposito's talking to her friends right now
Beckett : but she's still in the wind.
Ryan : So is Paul McCardle.
UNK: His car's gone and he is, too.
Ryan : Ex-wife has no idea where he is, either.
Ryan : But I did find out how he and Gates are connected.
Ryan : They were in a foster home together.
Beckett : So McCardle could be with Gates.
UNK: Get photos of Gates and McCardle to airport, bus and train stations.
Esposito : just told me she's house sitting at her cousin's.
Beckett : Do you have an address?
Espostio : Yeah, but so does Gates.
Espostio : Some guy dressed as a messenger said he had a delivery for Donna.
Beckett : Get there now.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Get off her.
UNK: I'd like to see you talk your way out of this one.
Gates : I'll try not to disappoint you.
Beckett : We found the same kind of rope in your pocket