Montgomery : Excellent work, Detective.
Beckett : Thank you, sir. I hope you say the same to Castle.
Beckett : Where is he, by the way? I thought that they would be back by now.
Montgomery : Maybe he and Ryan went out for a cold one.
Montgomery : After a day like today, that's what I'm doing.
Montgomery : You care to join me?
Beckett : Yeah, I'd love to.
Montgomery : Let's hit it.
Castle : That story about Gates getting arrested.
Castle : That was your story, wasn't it?
UNK: You were afraid you were gonna get caught, so you hid in prison.
UNK: Too bad you didn't figure that out sooner.
UNK: Too bad you didn't leave sooner. The cops will be here any minute.
Jerry : Looks like Detective Ryan called the precinct just before you got here.
UNK: There won't be anybody missing me for a while.
Jerry : By the time they do, I'll be long gone.
Castle : You won't get far.
UNK: They already have your name, know your face.
UNK: I'll change those. I've done that before.
Jerry : That's part of the fun of it.
Castle : Fun, like setting up Gates?
Jerry : Paul McCardle was the only person in the world that he cared about.
Jerry : Once I learned that, the rest was easy.
Jerry : You never know when you need one of these.
Jerry : Besides, Gates liked prison.
Castle : You taught Gates everything he needed to know to take the fall
Castle : for the Triple Killer murders.
Castle : After that, all you had to do was pay for Paul's surgery
UNK: and you could walk away scot-free. That's a beautiful plan.
UNK: Undone by a duffel bag.
UNK: I'm not undone. I'm right here. I'll relocate. I'll start over.
Jerry : It must eat you alive
UNK: knowing that you came so close to catching me.
UNK: But this is a winner-take-all type of game.
UNK: Oh! Jerry.
UNK: Shooting?
Castle : It's not your style.
Jerry : You really don't know me at all, do you?
Castle : It's not complicated.
Castle : You were raised by a single mother.
UNK: She was blonde. She was beautiful.
UNK: But she never wanted you.
UNK: When you were, what, 12, I'm guessing, she died suddenly.
Castle : Let's say drug overdose.
Castle : You go into foster care, the bad kind.
Castle : You have so much hate.
Castle : So much hate towards your mother for abandoning you
Castle : that you kill these women to get back at her.
Castle : But you leave them looking peaceful
Castle : because, as much as you hated your mother,
UNK: you loved your mother.
Castle : Am I getting warm?
Jerry : You're drawn to death.
Jerry : You like to be around it 'cause it thrills you.
Jerry : Now where does that come from?
Jerry : Your own suppressed impulses?
Jerry : How close to death
Jerry : do you want to get, huh?
Jerry : Don't say anything you shouldn't.
UNK: Hello.
Martha : your conspiracy theories are completely unfounded.
Castle : My conspiracy theories?
Martha : Alexis's secret admirer is Ashley, her boyfriend!
Castle : Oh, that's great. Thanks.
Castle : I love you.
Montgomery : I don't think there's anything more to say.
Castle : - Castle? - It's clear. He's gone.
Castle : I'm fine. Ryan needs an ambulance.
Ryan : No, I don't.
UNK: Hey. What happened here?
Beckett : I'm so glad that you're okay.
Castle : He's the Triple Killer. He set Gates up to be a copycat.
Beckett : I know. I did the math
Beckett : when you and Ryan didn't come back from talking to Jerry.
Castle : How did you know to come here?
UNK: Your mom called. She said that you told her that you loved her.
Beckett : And she figured something must be terribly wrong.
Castle : I figured she might.
Castle : Good girl.
Beckett : Here you go.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Tell me something, Castle. Why did he let you live?
Castle : To punish me.
UNK: To make me pay for ruining his plan.
Castle : Now, he's going to kill again, all because I couldn't stop him.
Castle : And I feel so...
Becektt : I know the feeling.
Castle : I know you do.