Beckett : and this one stood out for me.
UNK: It's from May 21 st, 2006.
Beckett : Which was a week after the sixth murder.
Beckett : A woman called and left a message,
Beckett : but she was too afraid to leave her name.
Beckett : But she did mention that she lived at 24th and 10th.
UNK: The same corner as Linda Russo.
Beckett : She was riding an elevator with a cable repairman,
Beckett : who so creeped her out that she got off a floor early
Beckett : just to get away from him.
Castle : Yeah, but cable guy and creepy, that's a job requirement.
Beckett : Except he wasn't a cable guy.
Beckett : She said he wasn't carrying the right tools.
Castle : And working for a cable company, Linda Russo would know that.
Beckett : Which is why I took a look at Linda Russo's phone records
Beckett : from four years ago.
UNK: She's the one who made the call to that tip line.
Castle : So Linda Russo was special.
Beckett : When she got off a floor early, he knew that she made him,
Beckett : so he dropped out of sight.
Castle : Which also explains why he attacked her outside.
Castle : He knew there was no way she'd let him into her apartment.
Beckett : Linda Russo saw his face and he came back four years later,
Beckett : that's a special kind of ruthlessness.
UNK: CSU's got a partial on that nametag.
Esposito : We got a match.
Beckett : The man that we're looking for is Marcus Gates.
UNK: Forty-two, six-foot-tall, 180 pounds, with light-brown hair.
Beckett : He also has a snake tattoo running down his left arm.
Beckett : A print match ties him to Kim Foster's murder.
UNK: Our prison psych evaluation calls Gates a brutal,
Beckett : highly intelligent sociopath.
Beckett : He's done time for manslaughter and attempted murder.
Beckett : His last conviction was for breaking a bottle over a man's head in a bar
Beckett : almost killing him,
Beckett : for which Gates served four years in Sing Sing.
Beckett : He just got out last month.
Beckett : No known address, no family.
Beckett : His mother died when he was four years old
Beckett : and he was placed in a series of foster homes since then,
Beckett : so he will not be easy to find.
Montgomery : Listen, four years ago, this guy took the lives of six women
Montgomery : because we didn't stop him.
Montgomery : We know who the Triple Killer is.
Montgomery : We know he's out there targeting his third victim.
Montgomery : Let's get him before he gets her.
UNK: - Hi, Dad. - Hey.
Alexis : Must be quite a case if it's keeping you out this late.
Castle : You know, someone died, someone else did it.
Martha : Secret admirer?
Alexis : As a matter of fact, it is.
Castle : Figure out who it was, yet?
Alexis : I took your advice and decided it's better not knowing.
Alexis : And he left another note in my locker.
UNK: He said if I like the rose,
Alexis : I should show him by wearing it at school tomorrow.
Alexis : Isn't that sweet?
UNK: Well...
Castle : Is that a good idea?
Castle : What would your boyfriend Ashley think?
UNK: I get a feeling it's not Ashley who has the problem.
UNK: I'm just not sure it's smart to go wearing some flower
Castle : when you don't know who it's from.
UNK: Your school is not exactly Fort Knox, all right?
Castle : Anyone could have put that note in your locker.
Castle : Your secret admirer could be some
Castle : pervert watching you from afar with high-powered binoculars.
Alexis : I'm going to bed now.
Alexis : Good night.
Alexis : Good night.
Castle : Could you lock your windows for me, please?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Please?
UNK: I'm gonna check, make sure they're locked.
Ryan : No. I had it all set up. It was in this pile.
UNK: I don't understand your system.
Ryan : - You're messing up my system. - Hey, guys.
Castle : Any news on Gates?
Ryan : - My system is efficient. - And dumb.
UNK: - I already went through this one. - It's on your stack.
Ryan : - It's part of my system. - Your system is dumb.
Castle : So nothing?
Beckett : No, we tracked down an uncle in Jersey,
UNK: but he hasn't seen Gates in 20 years.
Beckett : So I'm on the phone with Sing Sing to chase down prison associates.
UNK: Yes, I'm still here.
UNK: Okay, and is he still doing time?