Cameron : She buys lunches. She doesn't...
House : Don't worry. You're not gay. You're adventurous.
Chase : You think she's gonna prostitute herself? The three of us are that important to her?
House : I'm afraid not, no.
House : The groupies sleep with the roadies in order to get to Mick.
UNK: And you're Mick? That was the metaphor I was making, yes.
Foreman : Why are you here?
UNK: Damn, it's you.
UNK: It's not Addison's. New symptom. Inability to smell.
Foreman : I was just in Hank's room.
Foreman : He said it smelled like the men's room at Veteran's Stadium. He was right.
House : We rejected environmental causes because the wife was healthy.
House : Well, she's not. Last six months, she can't smell a thing.
House : If you think of them as one single patient, you add her symptoms to his...
Chase : Cadmium poisoning.
House : It explains everything. Even why they had so much trouble getting pregnant.
Cameron : How could they have gotten exposed to that much cadmium?
Foreman : Unless they were eating steel and batteries for breakfast.
UNK: So, where else is cadmium? Some foods, polluted groundwater.
UNK: We should check their home. I think I know how it happened.
Chase : I'm gonna need another urine sample.
Lola : What for? Sure.
Hank : Whatever you want.
Chase : Why wouldn't you give it to me before, but now it's no problem?
Hank : - I'm dyin', right? - So you've got nothing to lose this time.
Chase : Begs the question, what were you worried about last time?
Chase : The funny thing is, when we tested you before, we were just looking for steroids.
Chase : What should we look for now, Hank?
UNK: Hank, what's the story?
Chase : A little weed every now and then when no one was looking?
Lola : I don't believe this.
Lola : - We quit. - You did.
Chase : If you'd kept going, you wouldn't have just lost your sense of smell.
Hank : I quit the hard stuff.
UNK: I just needed to relax. - Based on the symptoms, you're a lot more than a social user.
Lola : So you've been lying to me all this time? I'm sorry.
UNK: There must have been cadmium in the soil where the marijuana was grown.
Chase : Some people get bone loss, kidney failure, some people's testes shrink,
Chase : and some people lose their sense of smell.
UNK: We'll start treatment right away.
Chase : You should be fine by opening day.
Chase : Baseball's in the summer, right?
Lola : It didn't hurt the baby, did it? The cadmium?
Chase : If you've been clean, the baby should be fine. - Okay.
Hank : Please. I'll stop everything. I'll... I'll go to meetings every day.
UNK: Lola.
Lola : Twice a day.
UNK: How's the ballplayer doing?
House : Much better. Too bad about his career.
UNK: What do you mean?
Cuddy : Major League Baseball's collective bargaining agreement...
Cuddy : requires medical reports on all treatment.
Cuddy : Given Hank's history, he's not likely to get much leniency.
House : Why should they care that he's being treated for Addison's?
Cuddy : You're not treating him for Addison's. My report says I am.
Cuddy : You're lying on the report?
UNK: Well, everybody does stupid things.
House : It shouldn't cost them everything they want in life.
Cuddy : No, it shouldn't, but it usually does.
UNK: On the other hand, if it means someone can actually beat the Yankees...
UNK: So what about House? Is there any way we can get him down there?
UNK: You really wanna talk about work?
Sharon : No. Not at all.
Cameron : That was amazing!
House : I'm telling you. Grave Digger never disappoints.
Cameron : You ever been married?
House : Well, now, let's not ruin a lovely night out by getting personal.
House : I lived with someone for a while.
House : You gonna finish that?
UNK: Cameron's Voice : I'll race you to the car.