House : And this is the coolest day of my life.
UNK: See? Steroid use shrinks the testicles.
UNK: I'm clean, man. No steroids, no nothin'.
House : Your lips say no, your prunes say yes.
UNK: Hypogonadism. Isn't that a great word?
House : Thanks. We don't get to say it nearly enough. Start him on Lupron right away.
House : These freaks are willing to defile themselves for mass entertainment.
House : For money. I feel sorry for them.
Lola : He drops a clean urine, denies using steroids.
UNK: And you're giving him a drug for what, steroid abuse?
House : No, no, it's not. It's got calcium in it.
UNK: It's very good for the bones.
UNK: Basically, at a molecular level, it's just milk.
UNK: Dr. Whitman to Anesthesiology. Dr. Whitman, Anesthesiology.
UNK: How long do you figure before I get a call from Cuddy?
Cuddy : - You put him on Lupron? - Uh-huh.
Cuddy : - And you told them it was like milk. - Yes.
Cuddy : Is there any way in which that is not a lie?
House : It's creamy.
UNK: - But I had three reasons. - Good ones?
House : Well, we'll see in a minute. I'm just making them up now.
UNK: He lied to me first. - Your mother did teach you two wrongs don't make a right.
UNK: If he lies to me about not taking steroids, and I lie to him about not treating steroids, he's cured.
House : Adds up for me. Second reason.
House : If I told him the truth, he wouldn't have taken the stuff.
Cuddy : And if he told you the truth, what would the stuff do to him?
House : - Severe respiratory problems. - Third reason?
House : I wanted to eliminate the placebo effect.
UNK: Excellent.
Cuddy : You and your lawyer can write a paper.
UNK: Which brings me to my fourth reason. I thought you said there were only three.
UNK: - I thought you'd buy one of'em. - Seriously?
House : He's not gonna sue.
Cuddy : Because his lawyer is a nice guy...
UNK: who'll realize it's unfair to blame us for ruining this kid's $100 million career.
House : Good guess, but no.
House : If the Lupron causes respiratory problems, it means he's not on steroids.
House : Which means there's something else wrong with him.
House : And the choices for that something else...
House : are almost universally very bad.
House : Osteopenia, messing his bones up.
House : Hypogonadism, impaired liver function, kidney function.
UNK: And we have managed to find the only professional athlete in the galaxy...
House : who is not on steroids.
House : And it's not cancer.
House : So what's killing him?
House : Who shares my suspicions that the Yankees were somehow involved?
Cameron : Shrunken testicles indicate his body's not putting out enough testosterone.
House : Throw out the lungs. That was the Lupron... my fault. Don't worry. I'll send him a nice note.
Foreman : What about something environmental?
Foreman : Arsenic, mercury. The symptoms could indicate...
House : Pretty small environment. Wife's fine, no one else is sick.
Chase : If you throw out the kidneys, everything else adds up.
Chase : The testicles, the bones, the impaired liver function...
Chase : could all be caused by a breakdown of his adrenal glands.
House : Addison's disease. I like it.
UNK: Mainly, ofcourse, because the treatment is...
Foreman : - Steroids. - Enough irony for all of us.
Foreman : Treatment would cause him to retain fluid.
Foreman : With the kidneys almost shut down already, he'll die. - So we'll get him a new kidney.
Foreman : Your theory is that Addison's is causing all the symptoms...
Foreman : except for the kidney problems.
UNK: What's causing the kidney problems? - Cameron, if you had to make an ironic guess right about now...
Cameron : He tested negative for steroids.
UNK: Agreed. He's not on steroids now.
UNK: But if he was on them at any time in the last five years, it could have caused the kidney damage.