House : You see, kidneys don't wear watches.
UNK: Sure, gall bladders do, but it doesn't matter, 'cause kidneys can't tell time.
House : Steroid damage could take years.
Lola : No steroids. How many times does he have to tell you?
House : I don't know.
House : How many times did he lie about cocaine before coming clean with the league?
UNK: - That's completely different. - Oh, that's right, I remember.
House : You never did come clean. The league was out to get you. They faked the blood tests.
House : You had to get yourself a lawyer and everything.
Lola : If Hank says he never used steroids, that's the truth.
House : That's too bad, because our theory is that the kidney damage is caused by "A",
House : and everything else is caused by "B".
House : The beauty of this theory is that we can treat "A" and "B".
House : But if you add the kidney symptoms back into the mix,
House : then we are looking at another letter altogether,
House : one that is apparently not in the alphabet.
UNK: We can't fix the bones, no more baseball, no more breathing,
House : no more brain function.
Lola : Get another explanation.
UNK: Okay. Yeah, I think I got one in my other pants.
Hank : Hold on.
Hank : Five years ago. Bangor, Maine.
Hank : My pitching coach had me on something. I never knew what it was.
House : And you never tried too hard to find out either.
UNK: I gained twelve pounds of muscle in, like, four weeks.
Hank : I'm sorry, baby.
UNK: Huh?
UNK: How ya doin', Doc? Good. Very good, yeah.
Cuddy : You want me to put Hank Wiggen on the transplant list.
House : He needs a new kidney. I was thinking the kidney people might have some.
Cuddy : They like to save them for people who have... How do I put this? Kidney problems.
UNK: He's a professional ball player. Brings joy to millions.
House : Do you really want to be known as the hospital that sent him home to die?
UNK: That's a great idea. We could be the hospital that killed two people...
Cuddy : The guy who deserved the kidney, and the ball player we bumped up the list...
Cuddy : when we weren't even sure what was wrong with him.
Chase : Everything else is related to the Addison's.
Cuddy : The test for Addison's was inconclusive.
Cuddy : The test for Addison's is always inconclusive.
Cuddy : Why do we do it at all? We should just ask you.
House : You're not putting him on the list.
Cuddy : Your powers of deduction are breathtaking.
UNK: You take a perverse pleasure in turning me down. - What I live for.
Cuddy : Once in a while, though, try to ruin my day... Ask me something I can say "Yes" to.
House : Oh, I'm sorry, Doctor. I didn't know you were busy. Want me to come back?
Lola : - Is he on the list? - No.
Lola : - Then I'm giving him one of mine. - Okay.
Lola : You're not gonna tell me it's a bad idea? Why give a kidney to someone who might not be able to use it?
House : Not my area.
House : That is, however, my chair.
Lola : When do we do it?
House : Very noble gesture.
House : My favorite kind. Dramatic, yet completely empty.
House : The chances of nonidentical twins being a match...
Lola : You live alone? You writing a book?
Lola : I made it a question just 'cause it's more polite.
Lola : You got a big "keep out" sign stapled on your forehead.
House : That explains it. I told 'em to put it on my door.
Lola : Even if real human contact is something you don't have or even want or need,
Lola : you should at least be able to see it in other people.
House : Yeah. Right.
House : True love... that's just how we match organs these days.
UNK: There's a couple in France... high school sweethearts... they're trading brains.
Lola : We're a match. Run your tests.
Foreman : Hey. The lab call? Is she a match?
Cameron : Haven't heard yet.
Chase : You got a text message, though. "Friday night". Very cryptic.
UNK: Gee, thanks for checking. Can you cover for me?