Warner : You weren't even supposed to be pitching that day.
Warner : I'd flown all the way to Tokyo to watch this kid,
Warner : and he gets tossed for arguing a call in the first inning.
UNK: Ah, your pitches... perfect.
Warner : Ball seemed to go faster than your arm.
Warner : It was like the rules didn't apply, like physics couldn't slow you down.
UNK: Hot damn, it was beautiful.
Hank : Hey, Warner.
Warner : Hey, kid. How ya feelin'?
Hank : I hurt.
UNK: My arm, my head, everywhere.
UNK: They must've dialed down the morphine.
UNK: That's just wrong, man. You're in pain.
UNK: Hey, I got somethin' for ya.
UNK: No.
Warner : A doc in St. Louis gave 'em to me for migraine.
UNK: I'm an addict. I can't take that. Even Lola was okay with the morphine.
Warner : This stuff's just a little stronger.
Warner : Come on.
Hank : I'll just try one, Warner.
UNK: Dr. Mulvaney, please call extension 6134.
UNK: Dr. Mulvaney, please call extension 6134.
House : Three more symptoms.
House : Heart rate up. Heart rate down.
House : Now he's hallucinating. You gotta promise not to tell Lola.
UNK: Okay, coach? He's not just dreaming?
House : No R.E.M. He's actually awake.
UNK: Drugs? Not psychedelics.
House : Not with the heart symptoms.
UNK: Well, hallucinations would point to digitalis. It would also mess up his heart.
Wilson : But he's not on it.
Wilson : And why would he take it?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Pithy analysis.
House : I can see why they asked you to speak at the cancer dinner.
House : I'm sorry I'm gonna miss it.
Cameron : I'm sorry about the monster trucks.
House : No, I think it's great. You're giving back.
Wilson : Only thing is...
UNK: uh, digitalis,
Wilson : it would only explain the later symptoms,
Wilson : not the original ones.
UNK: Sure, you know, it's got a lot of movement.
Warner : Problem is, everybody sees the movement.
UNK: You're throwin' your curveball like you're... you're throwin' a curveball.
UNK: Deception. That's the...
Warner : Same motion.
Warner : Less movement, but it won't come back at you.
UNK: All right, outfielders move in! Right there!
Warner : How'd you get in here?
House : Spoke Spanish. Told them I was the new shortstop from the Dominican.
Warner : How's Hank doin'? Lousy.
House : Around your fingernails, that swelling, it's called clubbing.
House : Hippocrates noticed that a lot of his friends who also had that...
House : tended to frequently grab their chests and die.
Warner : Yeah, I got a heart condition. What's wrong with Hank?
House : What do you take for it? Digitalis.
UNK: Got 'em with you?
UNK: Huh. Well, that's weird.
Warner : I just filled this prescription a couple days ago. There's another bottle here.
House : Don't bother.
House : Hank Wiggen stole your pills.
House : He tried to kill himself.
House : So what happened?
House : He left the bottle open while he went to get some water?
Student : Next time, just take the whole bottle.
Hank : Hey, man, you got no right.
House : See, people remember how many they've got.
House : Date's right on the label, number of pills... regular person can do the math.
UNK: But a junkie doesn't have to, because how many pills he's got left, that's all he's thinking about.
House : Big insurance policy?
Hank : - This isn't about the money. - Not for you, no.
House : Most reputable stores won't cash your checks after you're dead.
UNK: But for Lola, well, girls like that, they're all about the money.
Hank : Don't you say that.
Hank : She already saved my life.
UNK: I was dead in Japan. She brought me back. Everything since then, that's gravy.
UNK: That's more than I deserve.
House : You owe her? Everything.
UNK: Ah. So the attempted suicide,
House : the scaring her to death... What is that? That's gratitude?
UNK: Love?
House : Yeah, I get that.
House : Well, take out what you did to yourself yesterday... we're back to the kidneys and the bones.
House : I'm scheduling the transplant.
House : Never visit a patient.
Hank : I want that baby!
Hank : Even if I'm gone, that's a piece of me and Lola...
UNK: breathing, walking around town,
Hank : goin' to baseball games.
Hank : If there's any more transplant talk from you, Lola, or anybody else,
Hank : I won't screw it up this time.
Hank : I'll take myself out for good.
House : I'll start treating the Addison's, which will most likely destroy what's left of your kidneys.
UNK: Fine. Start the treatment.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: What... Hank Wiggen peed on me.
UNK: What do you think these pants are worth on eBay?
UNK: I've got some big boy diapers in my office. The rep hands 'em out like candy.
UNK: Is it that bad? No, not if you like the smell of urine.
UNK: Ofcourse, why should I trust someone who lies about what he's doing Friday night?
House : Question is, what are you really doing Friday night?
House : Or more to the point, what could possibly be better than monster trucks?
House : Or are we breaking up?
Wilson : Stacy's coming into town this weekend.