UNK: Kids, on my first day as a college professor,
UNK: there were two things I didn't know
UNK: that I wish did.
UNK: The first thing was that your mother was in that classroom.
UNK: Ted 2030 : The second thing?
UNK: Well, to explain that, we have to go back
UNK: to the beginning of the summer,
UNK: when, after a year of wrestling
UNK: with their feelings for each other,
UNK: Barney and Robin finally, well...
Lily : Whoo! Lily, volume.
UNK: Use your indoor "whoo."
UNK: Sorry, whoo!
Lily : It's just they kissed!
Lily : They're finally a couple.
Lily : Oh, my God, you guys!
Lily : This is our first double date!
Lily : First of millions!
Lily : What if our kids get married?!
Lily : Oh, I love this!
Barney : Yeah... Lily, listen.
Robin : Barney's awesome.
Barney : Robin's more than just awe-"some."
Barney : She's awe-"quite a bit."
Barney : She's awe-"a whole darn lot."
Lily : Wait, what are you saying?
Robin : We're just not feeling it right now.
Robin : But we'll totally still be friends. Oh, yeah.
Lily : Is it something I did?
UNK: Oh, no, no, no, no, God, no. No, no, no.
UNK: Uh-uh. Lily, it's not you.
Robin : It's us. Yeah.
Robin : It's us.
Barney : You understand, right?
Lily : Sure, of course.
Lily : As long as you're happy, I'm happy.
Lily : We were gonna take cooking lessons together
Lily : and we were gonna go on camping trips together
Lily : and then we were gonna sit around telling funny stories
Lily : about our cooking lessons and our camping trips.
Marshall : I know, I know.
UNK: So, has the boat sailed on sex tonight or...
UNK: After that, the summer went by way too fast.
UNK: Until all of a sudden, it was the Friday
UNK: before my first day as a college professor.
UNK: Whoa, what's this? Oh, boy.
Marshall : It's just a little something that we got for you
Marshall : that used to belong to my favorite professor of all time.
Ted : A fedora.
Ted : I'm Indiana Jones!
Ted : I'm Indiana Jones!
Barney : That, my friend, is the Dominator 8000,
Barney : the best bullwhip on the market, according to my whip guy.
Barney : Yeah, I have a whip guy.
Ted : You know what we should do? We should...
Marshall : Finish our drinks, go out in the alley, and whip stuff.
Ted : God, you just get me.
UNK: Okay, I should get going. I got a date.
UNK: Oh, are you still seeing that guy?
UNK: Uh, even better, seeing him naked.
UNK: What! Oh!
Barney : I should go, too.
Barney : I hooked up with this Chinese girl last night,
Barney : and I don't know, it's weird. I already feel like seconds.
UNK: Okay, Ted, you got first whip!
Ted : All right.
Ted : Hey, dummy.
Ted : What did tell you about smoking in here?
Marshall : Make him whip the habit!
UNK: I'm so excited about this whip!
Marshall : I got whip fever!
Marshall : Just whip him, Ted!
Marshall : Don't even aim!
Marshall : Just whip him!
UNK: I am so sorry.
UNK: No, it's just the whip's not a toy, Ted.
Marshall : There's such a thing as common sense, you know.
UNK: Hey, you can whip me if you want.
Marshall : I will, some other time.
Lily : Whoo!
UNK: S05E01 Definitions
Lily : So, how long has this been going on?
Barney : All summer.
Lily : I knew it!
Lily : I knew it! I knew it!
Lily : You guys are boyfriend and girlfriend.
UNK: Whoa, hey. Whoa.
UNK: Wow, no. Whoa...
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Lily. Girlfriend?
Robin : Slow your roll there, Lilypad. Yeah, yeah.
Lily : You've been together all summer. I don't get it.
UNK: Okay, it's like this.
Robin : After we kissed, we sat down to have the talk.
Robin : We should figure out what this is.
Barney : Yes, we should.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Or.
UNK: Ted 2030 : Or...
Robin : Okay, now, we have to figure this out.
Barney : Yes, we do.
Barney : Or. Or...
UNK: Whoa!
Robin : We kept trying to have the talk
Robin : and then we realized we hate the talk.
Barney : Yeah, the talk sucks.
Barney : You have to, like, talk.
UNK: And be all,"I don't know.
UNK: It's not that I don't like you.
UNK: it's just that I haven't had a girlfriend
UNK: in a really long time.
UNK: I hope it doesn't make you mad."
UNK: Who needs it?
Lily : You needs it.
Lily : Guys, you can't
Lily : just keep hooking up
Lily : and not at least try and figure out
Lily : what you mean to each other.
Robin : Yeah, we knew you would say that.
Robin : That's why we kept it a secret.
UNK: We, that and the fact
Barney : that elaborate lies really turn us on.
UNK: No, no, no. No.
Lily : You need to define the relationship.
Lily : You ne to have the talk.
Barney : Or. Or..