Ted : - Tell us everything. - How'd it go, bud?
Barney : Where do I begin?
UNK: Jerry Barney's dad : I'm not sure how to start this.
Barney : I think I need a drink.
Jerry : Me, too.
Both : Glen McKenna, neat.
Jerry : Nice order. Up top.
Barney : It's been 30 years.
Barney : And now you just show up out of nowhere?
Barney : This is going to take me a minute.
Jerry : Yeah. I understand.
Jerry : By the way, hell of a tie. Italian silk?
Barney : I love you. I'm so glad we're best friends now.
Barney : Make a muscle.
Barney : Guys, my dad's awesome.
Barney : He's the mother of all fathers.
Barney : Check this out.
Barney : Back when I was a kid, you were a roadie.
Barney : - Do you still do that? - Not anymore.
Jerry : Back in '83, I'm lugging amps for The Stones through West Germany,
Jerry : and their tour manager loses his arms, bus-surfing through a tunnel.
Jerry : Gnarly.
Jerry : Long story short,
Jerry : I've been managing tours ever since,
Jerry : and that dude high-fives people with his face now.
UNK: Barney, laughing : You're funny.
UNK: Barney, laughing : My dad's funny.
Barney : So, all these years,
Barney : there's this one question I've been dying to ask him.
Lily : - Why did you abandon me? - Why'd you wait so long?
Robin : You've hurt me before, why should I trust you now?
Barney : Do you... get laid a lot?
Jerry : Big-time.
Jerry : Observe.
Barney : That took you five seconds.
Jerry : Was it that long?
Jerry : Life's too short for chatty chicks.
Barney : You're a master.
Barney : You are legen... wait for it...
Barney : daddy!
Barney : Legendaddy!
Barney : The man is a god.
Barney : And he's still out there, living the dream.
Jerry : So I'm going to Sydney tomorrow with Bon Jovi.
UNK: I'll be on the road all the year.
Barney : That's cool.
Jerry : You want to join me for the tour's Asian leg?
Barney : This is going to be the second-most fun I've ever had on an Asian leg.
Lily : We know you're psyched, but...
Barney : - be careful. - What do you mean?
Ted : Well, this guy has flaked out on your whole life.
UNK: He might be telling you what you want to hear.
Robin : We just don't want to see you get hurt.
Barney : First of all, Robin,
Barney : my dad could beat up your dad.
Barney : Second, you don't have to worry. He's cool.
Barney : Now if you'll excuse me.
Barney : I have to go renew my passport,
Barney : and get a travel-sized rotating Vietnamese Shame Wheel.
UNK: Don't ask, you're not ready.
UNK: I hope Barney's dad isn't pretending to be something he's not,
Lily : That would make Jerry a real chamma-leeon.
Ted : You have gaps, too, Lily.
Lily : You got nothing on me.
Marshall : Can you toss me a beer?
Lily : Sure, honey.
Ted : You have terrible aim.
Lily : That's not true.