Jerry : I know I don't deserve it, but...
Jerry : I need another chance to connect with my son.
Lily : We think you should give him another chance.
Lily : That's the real reason we're out here.
Lily : He lives ten minutes away.
Robin : - What? - You're having dinner with him tonight.
Barney : No, I most certainly am not.
Barney : I met him. He's not my kind of bro and that's that.
Robin : - It's not more than that? - Get it through your heads.
Barney : I am never gonna talk to my dad again.
Marshall : I'm never gonna talk to my dad again.
Marshall : But your dad is alive
Marshall : and he lives just down the road.
Barney : - Fine, I'll go. - Awesome. Lily, keys.
Marshall : I'm literally 11 inches from you.
UNK: And so Barney agreed to give his dad one more chance.
Cherryl : You must be Barney. I'm Cheryl.
Cherryl : It's just so nice to finally meet you.
Cherryl : I love that suit.
Barney : Thank you very much.
Barney : And I love your...
Barney : ... coat. I love your coat.
Cherryl : That's your coat, Barney. I just took it from you.
Barney : Well, I do love it.
Barney : It's doing a nice job covering up that chair.
Lily : Guess now we wait.
UNK: I got an idea how to pass the time. A little trivia game.
Reindeer : real or fake?
Robin : I'm not an idiot. Reindeer are obviously...
Marshall : Yikes! I'm surrounded by a bunch of dum-dums.
Marshall : Good thing I don't have any gaps in my knowledge.
Marshall : I am perfect.
Marshall : For the love of God, guys, enough already.
Lily : What, baby?
Marshall : You've been treating me with kid gloves ever since my dad died.
Lily : That's not true.
Lily : - Robin, don't disagree with Marshall. - I'm sorry.
Marshall : I first noticed it at the bar.
Marshall : Can you get me a mojito?
UNK: Normally, you would've given me crap
UNK: for an hour about a voice crack that pubescently girl-like,
UNK: but nothing. So then I started to test you guys.
UNK: The Phantom Menace is by far the best Star Wars movie.
Barney : It ages well, that's the thing.
Marshall : You guys like my new soul patch?
Robin : Righteous hair tab, brotha.
UNK: And once I figured it out, I started doing
UNK: crazy stuff to see how far you'd let me go.
Marshall : This is Rex.
Marshall : He's a possum.
Marshall : I found him in the trash.
Marshall : He lives with us now.
Lily : I love him.
Marshall : We are living with a possum.
Marshall : Rex is violent and he hates us.
Lily : But, baby, you just lost your dad. None of us wants to upset you.
Robin : Please.
Marshall : If you guys really want me to get over the worst tragedy of my life,
Marshall : I'm begging you, tear me a new one.
Marshall : But not like Rex tried to in my sleep last night.
Jerry : JJ, dinner.
Jerry : When I got your letter, I dug this up.
Jerry : You were probably too young to remember,
Jerry : but this is you, this is me, and, of course, ZZ Top.
Barney : I do remember that.
UNK: I climbed up on his lap and told him what I wanted for Christmas.
Jerry : I used to love taking you backstage.
Jerry : You were the coolest little kid.
Barney : Hi. It's great to finally meet you.
Barney : JJ, I'm talking to Dad right now.
Robin : Seriously,
Marshall : it's time.
Marshall : What are my gaps?
Ted : I guess maybe one gap you have is...
Ted : you can't wink.