UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: Kids, I bought the house we live in now way back before I ever met your mother.
UNK: It needed a lot of work but I had a vision for it.
Ted : Vintage rolltop desk here.
Ted : I haven't decided whether to put the fern on the right or the left side,
Ted : but you know, sometimes you just gotta wing it.
Ted : Left side.
Ted : And right outside, I want to put up a basketball hoop for the kids.
Barney : This is your seduction lounge.
UNK: Sex swing there,
Barney : vibrating Jell-O pit right there,
Barney : rotating Vietnamese Shame Wheel right here.
UNK: Don't ask, you're not ready.
Barney : And that basketball hoop?
Barney : Outdoor stripper pole.
Barney : We'll just tell the ladies to be careful in the winter.
UNK: You think a tongue stuck to a frozen pole is bad...
Marshall : Let's go outside for a second.
Lily : We have a confession.
Lily : This wasn't really about seeing Ted's house.
Lily : It's an intervention.
Barney : Thank God. I'll go first.
UNK: Ted, this house you bought for your hypothetical family
Barney : is super weird.
UNK: We talk about it behind your back.
Ted : This intervention isn't for me.
Ted : It's for you.
UNK: Why did Barney need an intervention?
UNK: It all started a few nights earlier.
Marshall : I can't believe your giant TV is broken. It's March Madness.
UNK: Okay, I think I see what the problem is. Barney, can you grab me a screwdriver?
Barney : Sure thing.
Barney : Luis. Barney Stinson, 12 H.
Barney : I got a hundred bucks if you can be here in five, thanks.
Lily : You call the Super for a screwdriver?
Barney : Here's the thing about me and tools...
Barney : The only one I know how to use is attached to me,
Barney : and I am not going to try putting it in the TV.
Barney : Again.
Ted : That's ridiculous. Everyone should know how to use tools.
UNK: Well, here's our screwdriver now.
UNK: Guys, I'm pretty sure that's not Luis.
UNK: But I can't be certain. Someone introduce yourself.
Jerry : I got your letter.
Barney : Dad?
UNK: 6x19 - Legendaddy 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Marshall : I can't believe Barney is talking to his dad right now.
Robin : What do you say after three decades of not seeing each other?
UNK: "So, how about those last 30 Super Bowls"?
Ted : Now I feel bad about making fun of him for the tool thing.
Ted : My dad was the one who taught me all that stuff.
Robin : To be fair, everyone has some glaring gap in knowledge,
Robin : something really obvious you somehow never learned.
Ted : Okay, but a screwdriver?
Ted : I don't have any gaps that fundamental.
Robin : I seem to recall...
Ted : Daniel Burnham was an architect whose ever-shifting style and aesthetic
Ted : made him a true architectural chamma-leeon.
Ted : And only the most gifted chamma-leeon
Ted : could've designed classic beaux arts masterpieces
Ted : right alongside sleek modern flatirons.
Ted : His name might as well have been Daniel Chamma-leeon.
Student : Professor?
Student : Do you mean "chameleon"?
Ted : Betty, I'm pretty sure it's pronounced "chamma-leeon," so...
Ted : Class dismissed.
Ted : No homework. For a while.
Ted : Okay, I learned that word by reading it.
Ted : That's how I've always pronounced it.
Robin : That wasn't easy.
Robin : It took a lot of "ch-aracter" to admit that.
Ted : - Scherbatsky, you want to tussle? - I'll tussle.