UNK: Ramon Russo : I tried to walk away, but he pushed me first.
UNK: Ramon Russo : I didn't mean to kill him, I swear.
Sully : Ramon Russo?
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: My apologies, you guys.
Ramon : I'm telling you, this happens to me all the time,
Ramon : whether I'm out there on the street, or here teaching class.
Ramon : So, how can I help you fellas?
Ramon : You want an autographed picture? What?
Esposito : How about some of your time?
Castle : Maybe even decades of it.
Ramon : I'm telling you, Charlie's death is a personal tragedy for me
Ramon : and a huge loss for the acting community.
Ramon : And I'll do anything I can to help you find whoever did this to him.
Esposito : We understand you shared a cab ride with him yesterday?
Ramon : That's right. We left work together.
UNK: Oh. You worked with him? On what? And did it involve chickens?
UNK: Chickens? No, we were doing 2 Cool for School.
Ryan : But that show's been off the air for 20 years.
Ramon : No, man. We're doing a reunion movie.
Sully : - You are? - LAUGHS Yeah.
UNK: I mean, this is just the first we're hearing of it.
UNK: It's on the down-low, you know.
Ramon : We all had to sign those confidentiality agreements?
Ramon : But to be honest,
UNK: CHUCKLES I had a lot of other projects in the works.
Ramon : Charlie begged me to do it.
Ramon : He said it'd be fun to get the old gang back together, you know?
Esposito : Even with all the bad blood between you two?
Esposito : I mean, wasn't your character, Marco,
Esposito : originally supposed to be the star of the show,
Esposito : and then Dewey caught fire, stole the spotlight?
Esposito : Stole your spotlight?
Ramon : We were kids back then.
UNK: I mean, the show did a lot of great things for all of us.
Ramon : Whatever issues we had, we buried the hatchet a long time ago.
Castle : Not according to your cabbie.
Ramon : He said the two of you got into a big fight.
UNK: SIGHS Yeah, I lost my temper because he was wasting my time.
Ramon : He was disrespecting the craft. Charlie didn't know any of the lines.
UNK: I mean, I'm telling you, he was never like that.
Ramon : He was always real good with that kind of stuff, you know?
Castle : You're saying there was something going on with Charlie?
UNK: Definitely. It started a couple of days ago.
Ramon : He started showing up anxious and tired.
Ramon : And I asked him what was wrong, but he wouldn't say.
UNK: Where were you last night between 11 : 30 and 1 : 30?
UNK: So Ramon's girlfriend, Yasmine, confirms his story.
Esposito : He was home all night running lines with her.
UNK: Lines like, "I'm the biggest deal to ever walk these halls."
UNK: Ramon slipped me a signed copy of the script.
UNK: 2 Cool for School : Those Who Can't, Teach.
UNK: Really? Well, what's the storyline?