Castle : Dewey and Marco are back at Bayview High as faculty.
Castle : Dewey is the brainy science teacher,
UNK: while Marco's reliving his glory days as the football coach.
Castle : Oh, no. When Dewey runs into the sexy German teacher, Mrs. Pozman,
Castle : in the break room, he says...
BOTH : Hubba-hubba.
UNK: Hubba-hubba.
UNK: Anyway, I talked to the office staff at the movie set,
Sully : and not only has Charlie been acting weird lately, but two days ago,
UNK: he sweet-talked the accountant into letting him look over the books.
Castle : Why would the star care about the budget of the show?
Sully : I don't know, but the accountant told me
Sully : that Charlie said he'd found irregularities.
Sully : And get this, he made her swear not to tell the film's producer, Hank Harper,
Sully : that he'd been poking around.
Castle : Hank Harper? I've heard of him.
Castle : Rumor was he chased a director off set with a baseball bat.
Ryan : Check this out. Though he's never been convicted,
Ryan : Hank Harper has faced numerous charges of embezzling money
Ryan : from the films that he's worked on.
UNK: If Charlie would've found out that Hank was skimming money from the movie...
Castle : Then maybe Hank gave Charlie the hook.
Esposito : According to the production office,
UNK: Hank Harper's somewhere here on the set.
UNK: What can they even be filming if their star is dead?
UNK: Probably the scenes without Dewey.
Castle : Or scenes that explain why he's not in the whole movie.
Ryan : Or he's back from the dead.
UNK: The zombie apocalypse version. Now that I would watch.
Ryan : No, look, right there.
Esposito : There's another one.
UNK: CASTLE LAUGHS
Castle : They must be recasting the part.
UNK: What? There's only one Dewey Hancock.
Esposito : Yeah? Tell him that.
MAN : Action!
UNK: RUSSIAN ACCENT Dewey, thanks for giving up a Friday night
Svetlana : to chaperone the dance with me. I'll see you there.
UNK: WEAKLY Hubba-hubba.
Martha : No, no, no.
UNK: "Hubba-hubba" is not just a catchphrase,
Vlad : it is the essence of your character.
UNK: "Hubba-hubba" comes from here, not here.
Vlad : And, Svetlana, make him work for the hubba-hubba.
UNK: Hank Harper : No, no. Forget it, please.
UNK: Come on, you tried this before. The answer's no.
Sully : Hank Harper?
Hank : LAUGHS It's too late, pretty boy.
Hank : We already cast the muscular P.E. Teacher.
UNK: NYPD. We're here about Charlie Reynolds.
UNK: I'm gonna have to call you back.
UNK: - Charlie was a great kid, a real pro. - DOOR CLOSES
Hank : Working with him reminded me of the pictures I did with Pacino.
Castle : You worked with Al Pacino?
Hank : Barry Pacino. No relation. Every bit as talented. And taller.
Ryan : If you have such a high opinion of Charlie,
Ryan : how come you're already replacing him?
UNK: Look, you gotta understand, there's a lot of money at stake here.
Hank : The show must go on.
Castle : Ah! I've been there.