Perlmutter : and signs of struggle on the roof,
Perlmutter : he was pushed.
Castle : What was Charlie Reynolds doing on the roof in the first place?
Ryan : Good question. He actually owns an apartment in the building,
Ryan : but he wasn't living here.
Ryan : Every unit's been stripped down to the studs,
Ryan : so he was staying in a sublet.
Castle : Any family or next of kin?
Ryan : On the TV show, yes. In real life, not so much.
Esposito : Well, whatever he was doing here, we've got unis
UNK: canvassing to see if anyone saw him or anyone else last night in the area.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: I wonder what this means. Nine digits.
Castle : Well, given he was pushed off a roof and landed on a hook,
Castle : I'm saying that is not his lucky number.
Ryan : - Yo, Sully. - Yeah.
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Ryan : Check out this number and see how it connects with our victim.
Ryan : And let's start piecing together where he was before he wound up here.
Sully : I'm on it. Meantime, I checked his voicemail,
UNK: and he had a bunch of angry messages yesterday from some chick.
Sully : Said she would kill him if he didn't call her back.
Sully : Said she would not be ignored.
UNK: Aha! A classic rabbit boiler.
UNK: Stalker, gentlemen. An obsessed fan.
Esposito : Do we know who the caller is?
Sully : I traced the number to an address downtown.
Sully : - Her name is... - Geraldine Powers.
Sully : Geraldine Powers. Yeah.
CASTLE : I bet she even has a creepy shrine to him.
UNK: Geraldine Powers : I did not kill Charlie Reynolds.
Esposito : - But you did threaten to kill him. - Repeatedly.
Castle : And you do seem to have more than a casual interest in him.
UNK: SCOFFS Well, of course I do.
UNK: I'm the one who kept his show on the air for six seasons.
Esposito : Are you taking any medication?
Geraldine : I am not delusional. I am Charlie's agent, nitwit!
Ryan : His agent?
UNK: Yeah. I've been running the shows non-stop since I got the news.
Geraldine : I signed Charlie back in '92 when he was on 2 Cool for School.
UNK: Charlie as Dewey : What do I do?
UNK: Play it cool. Chicks dig mystery.