Castle : What does it say about our future if I keep pushing the boundaries?
UNK: Castle, your whole relationship is built
UNK: on a foundation of your boundary-pushing.
Castle : Good point.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Hey, I got your text.
Castle : Hey. I just wanted to check in with you.
UNK: You know, it must be weird for you,
Castle : being back here at the precinct, working a case.
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, it is.
Esposito : Yeah, especially since McCord's little gag order
Castle : prevents you from accessing your most effective investigative tool. Me.
UNK: LAUGHS Yeah, you are a tool, all right.
UNK: - Wow. - So, uh, she's not here right now,
Castle : so what's the harm in giving me a little tidbit?
Beckett : This is a bribe. Castle, you're bribing me with a latte?
Castle : No, I am not. Come on. Don't be ridiculous.
Beckett : This is low, even for you.
UNK: WHISPERS Look, I can solve this. I just need a little more to go on.
UNK: Castle, you're not gonna "Castle" me on this one.
Castle : Okay, she's coming.
UNK: Just nod once if it's about the Russians, twice if it's about something else.
Castle : Twice. About something else.
Castle : Three times. STAMMERING What does that mean?
Castle : I don't know what that means.
UNK: Beckett, we got a lead. Let's go.
UNK: See you, Castle.
Castle : What does three nods mean?
UNK: Well?
UNK: I tried, but she wouldn't talk to me about the case.
Esposito : Where did the two of them go just now?
UNK: - Yeah, she wouldn't tell me that either. - SCOFFS
UNK: Hey, I was just...
Esposito : I can't even look at you right now.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I think we found something in these books Charlie was looking into.
UNK: I went over them and there's no signs of any financial shenanigans.
Ryan : The balance sheet seems kosher, but check out this ledger entry.
UNK: That is the number that we found in Charlie's pocket.
UNK: This must be that "irregularity" that Charlie was talking about.
Castle : But what does it mean?
UNK: Well, it corresponds to an invoice number
Ryan : for a shipment of camera equipment for the movie sent over from Russia.
Esposito : What makes that an irregularity?
Castle : Well, for one thing, it'd be a lot cheaper just to rent cameras here.
Ryan : Not only that, but the shipment was sent to a warehouse in Brooklyn.
Sully : Which happens to be right next to a chicken processing plant.
Castle : Which explains the poop on Charlie's shoes.
UNK: Charlie went to that warehouse right before he was killed.
Esposito : Maybe whoever killed him came from there.
ESPOSITO : Looks deserted.
CASTLE : Yeah, it doesn't mean that it is.
Castle : This place could be teeming with bloodthirsty Cossacks.