McCORD : Who's the friend?
UNK: BUZZER SOUNDS
Epsosito : I can't believe it.
UNK: SPEAKING RUSSIAN
UNK: It's not who I would've expected.
Esposito : He was hiding in plain sight this whole time.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: Ramon.
Ryan : You're under arrest.
Esposito : Now, Ramon, you told us that you had other projects in the works.
Esposito : That you did the reunion movie as a favor to Charlie.
Ramon : For old times' sake. That's what friends are for.
Ramon : That doesn't make me a killer.
Esposito : Yeah. Well, we looked into these other projects,
Esposito : and, well, this is what we found.
Ryan : You've been working the graveyard at Global East Security for four years.
UNK: Yeah.
Ramon : Well, you know, acting has its ups and downs, you know?
UNK: I knew I'd be back in the game soon enough.
Esposito : Yeah, especially if playing the football coach on 2 Cool for School
Esposito : turned out to be a recurring gig.
Ryan : The plan was to make sequels,
Ryan : but if Charlie bailed,
Ryan : - there wouldn't be any. - Yeah.
Ryan : You'd be back to working security.
Ramon : I didn't hurt Charlie. I have an alibi.
UNK: Well, yeah, not anymore.
Esposito : See, your girlfriend admitted to us that she lied for you.
Ryan : She also mentioned that you borrowed her credit card that night.
UNK: And it turns out that you used it to charge a cab ride.
Esposito : To Charlie's building.
Ryan : You never told us that Charlie was gonna let you stay at his apartment
Ryan : because you knew it connected you to the crime scene.
UNK: I can explain, okay? I can explain everything, all right?
Ryan : - It's over, Ramon. - No, no, no, look.
UNK: He was doing his scene, and after that, he told me he was leaving.
Ramon : And I don't mean just for the day.
Ramon : He was leaving for good.
Ramon : He wanted a fresh start. He had been out of work as long as me.
Ramon : Now we had a shot at doing these movies.
Ramon : You don't walk away from that kind of opportunity, that kind of money!
Esposito : How did you end up on the roof?
Ramon : 'Cause he asked me to meet him there!
Ramon : So I thought maybe he changed his mind. So I went.
Ramon : So there we were, looking at the great view,
Ramon : and he's saying to me that I could stay at his place for free.