UNK: My book, Naked Heat, got made into a movie a few years back.
Hank : Didn't that go straight to DVD?
Castle : There were script issues.
Castle : And casting issues and directing issues.
Ryan : Did Charlie have any problems with anyone on set?
Hank : Not that I'm aware of. CHUCKLES
Hank : Everybody loved him.
Hank : What's not to love? CHUCKLES
Esposito : He took a look at the accounting books recently. Any idea why?
Hank : Can't imagine. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, easy.
UNK: But we might. Maybe Charlie thought somebody was skimming money.
Castle : Yes, we heard about your penchant for creative bookkeeping.
UNK: Wait, you think I killed him?
Epsosito : Well, if Charlie found out that you were up to your old tricks,
Epsosito : it would be motive.
Hank : First of all, I was here all night doing script changes.
Hank : And plus, I may have been caught with my hand in the cookie jar in the past,
Hank : but I'm not stupid enough to steal from the Russians.
Hank : The Russians?
Hank : Yeah, they're financing this picture. They wanna make this into a franchise.
Hank : This is my meal ticket!
UNK: So if there's anything hinky with the books, it's not 'cause of me.
UNK: Yeah, we're not gonna take your word for that.
UNK: We're gonna need to see those books.
UNK: Oh, yeah. They're all yours.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: We're gonna need one of these hats, too.
Ryan : You know what I don't get?
Esposito : You're wearing that hat. There's a lot you don't get.
UNK: Let's say Hank did embezzle money and killed Charlie to silence him.
Ryan : Why are the feds involved?
Castle : Well, maybe it has something to do with the Russians.
UNK: Well, if we knew the feds' angle, we'd have a leg up on solving this.
UNK: Sorry, guys. I've yet to come up with a crazy, genius theory yet.
Ryan : You don't need to.
Ryan : Not when you can go directly to the source.
Esposito : Get Beckett to give us the lowdown.
Castle : Okay, wait a minute.
UNK: We get much-needed case information,
Ryan : you get to clear up any lingering doubts about your loyalty.
Ryan : Everybody wins.
Castle : Okay, guys, no, I can't do that, all right? After D.C., we promised we wouldn't...
Esposito : We did you a solid getting you on this case, Castle.
Esposito : It's time to pay up.
UNK: Guys, this is my fiancée, okay?