UNK: That...
UNK: That sounds crowded.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You know what? Why don't you just give me a call
Beckett : after you guys have solved the case?
Castle : Didn't you hear McCord? The case is wrapped.
Beckett : Is it?
UNK: ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS
RYAN : This whole "greater good" thing blows.
Ryan : Charlie died serving his country. He deserves justice.
Castle : What happened to Beckett? She used to understand that.
Castle : I think she still does.
Ryan : This must be the satellite footage Beckett was talking about.
Esposito : And there's Charlie, entering the warehouse.
UNK: Uh, gentlemen, I take it you're finishing up paperwork
Gates : on the case that you are no longer investigating?
UNK: - You bet. - Absolutely.
Ryan : - Yes, sir. - Good. Carry on.
Castle : Okay. You see him? Beckett was right. Charlie was followed.
Esposito : And look, he's wearing a baseball cap to be incognito.
Ryan : Not incognito enough. Check out the design on that hat.
UNK: Just like the 2 Cool for School crew hat that I got.
Ryan : The one you made fun of.
Castle : So whoever followed Charlie came from the movie set.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Thanks for your time.
Esposito : Guys, nobody at the production office saw Charlie being followed.
Esposito : But as soon as he was done filming for the day,
UNK: a PA gave him a ride to a bodega in Brooklyn.
UNK: And that bodega? Five blocks from the warehouse.
Ryan : This is the security cam footage from outside the bodega.
Esposito : And based on the time stamp, this is when the PA dropped Charlie off.
Castle : That's him. There he is.
UNK: Okay, and there's our guy in the crew hat.
Ryan : Can't quite make out his face.
UNK: Try a different angle.
UNK: Ah, I'm gonna try zooming in.
Castle : That's the actress from the movie.
Esposito : Wait a minute. She's not just an actress.
Esposito : She's also Svetlana Renkov. She's Anton's niece.
UNK: Hubba-hubba.
Mccord : So basically, your people did exactly what I told them not to do.
Gates : You put us in a difficult spot when you decided
Gates : that the CIA's agenda was more important than solving a murder.
UNK: I didn't decide anything. Orders came down.
Gates : This is not my first rodeo dealing with the folks down in D.C.
Gates : Soon enough, the name Charlie Reynolds
Gates : will be a distant memory for you.
Gates : But not for us.
Gates : He may not have had a grieving mother or a wife waiting for him,
Gates : but his killer should not go unpunished.
Mccord : Regardless, I can't let you take a run at Svetlana Renkov.
Beckett : Look, the whole reason the CIA is shutting this case down
Beckett : is because they are convinced
UNK: that the Russians didn't realize that Charlie was a spy.
Beckett : But Anton's niece following Charlie seems to contradict that.
Beckett : And if the Russians did get on to Charlie,
UNK: wouldn't the CIA wanna know that their mission is compromised?
Mccord : Okay. In the spirit of containment,
Mccord : let's talk to Svetlana.
Mccord : You followed him. You followed him to the warehouse.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Why did he go there?
Svetlana : He was looking for guns.
Mccord : And that was when you realized he was about to betray your family,
UNK: and so, you told them.
Svetlana : I told no one.
Beckett : You didn't even tell your Uncle Anton, or your other relatives?
Svetlana : No. I knew Charlie was a spy,
Svetlana : but I never said so to my family. I would die first.
Svetlana : We were in love.
Beckett : I'm sorry, what?
Svetlana : I can show you our love letters.
UNK: Ha!
Ryan : You mocked Dewey.
Ryan : But not only was he a secret agent, look at that.
Ryan : He was a stud.
Castle : It's Romeo and Juliet. With a nerdy Romeo.
Esposito : And a smoking hot Russian Juliet.
SVETLANA : We fell in love the moment we met.
UNK: But for two years I only saw Charlie