Gates : Don't be a stranger, Agent Beckett. Drop by and see us sometime.
Beckett : Thank you, sir. I will.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Why is Svetlana still here?
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Mccord : The CIA asked us to hold her.
UNK: CLICKS SWITCH
Wright : Svetlana, this is your opportunity to honor Charlie's memory.
Wright : To carry on his work.
Svetlana : You are asking me to spy on my family?
Wright : You have unprecedented access to Anton Renkov and his organization.
Wright : That is extremely valuable to us.
Svetlana : Do you know what they will do to me when they learn of this?
Wright : They could learn of this right now.
Wright : If word somehow got out that Charlie was CIA,
Wright : your family would ask some pretty tough questions.
Svetlana : You would do this to me?
Wright : Not if you help us.
UNK: SCOFFS
UNK: He's bluffing. The CIA's not gonna just expose her like that.
Mccord : Yeah, well, I wouldn't bet on it.
Beckett : The man that she loved was murdered
UNK: and he's gonna send her on a suicide mission?
Sully : Like I said, we don't always see the whole picture.
Beckett : I think this one's pretty clear.
UNK: Yeah, looks good. Well done.
UNK: Hey, yo, Sully, nostalgia file.
Beckett : - Hey. I'm off. - Thanks, Ryan.
UNK: Construction Worker : - Hey. - Just wanted to see you and say bye.
Esposito : - Good to see you. - Yeah. EXHALES
UNK: You think McCord is gonna miss us?
UNK: SIGHS Oh, yeah, desperately. But I'll be there to pick up the pieces.
UNK: Is that CIA spook really forcing Svetlana to take Charlie's place?
Ryan : That's not right.
Beckett : Yeah, but, you know, there's not much that we can do about it,
UNK: I mean, what...
Runner : Oh, uh...
UNK: I'm gonna clean that up, I swear.
UNK: - No, you know what? - RUSTLING
Beckett : This is your desk now.
UNK: And from what I can tell, you earned it.
UNK: Thanks. That means a lot coming from you.
Ryan : Check this out.
UNK: WOMAN ON TV : Police have arrested 2 Cool for School star, Ramon Russo,
UNK: News Reporter : for the murder of Charlie Reynolds.
UNK: News Reporter : Sources close to the case say Russo's motive may be tied
UNK: to Reynolds' relationship with co-star Svetlana Renkov,
UNK: News Reporter : who is currently under investigation
UNK: for her alleged ties to Russian organized crime.
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, where'd they get that? Svetlana's not under investigation.
Esposito : Maybe someone fed them a bad tip.
Beckett : You know, once that news hits her family,