Ross : What's going on?
UNK: -What? -Nothing!
UNK: We are so excited that you'll get this apartment!
Ross : Looks really good.
UNK: Looks pretty good!
Phoebe : Get in here! Come on!
Phoebe : You mean whenever Monica and Chandler...
Phoebe : ...were doing laundry or going grocery shopping?
UNK: The time Monica spent on the phone with Linda from camp?
Rachel : Doing it, doing it, phone, doing it.
Phoebe : I can't believe it!
Phoebe : I think it's great. For him.
UNK: She could do better.
Phoebe : Hey, you guys.
Rachel : Come here!
UNK: Phoebe found out about Monica and Chandler.
Joey : You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
Rachel : Joey, she knows.
Rachel : We saw them doing it through the window.
Rachel : Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
UNK: We saw them fornicating.
UNK: So they know you know, and they don't know that Rachel knows?
UNK: Yes, but it doesn't matter who knows what.
Joey : Now enough of us know that we could just tell them we know.
Joey : All the lying and the secrets will finally be over.
Phoebe : Or, we could not tell them we know, and have a little fun.
Rachel : What do you mean?
UNK: If they say they are doing laundry, we'll give them laundry to do.
Rachel : I would enjoy that.
UNK: You know what would be even more fun? Telling them.
UNK: -That doesn't sound like fun. -So we'll make it fun.
UNK: We'll do it like a barbershop quartet!
UNK: We know, we know, we know
UNK: No, I want to do Phoebe's thing.
Joey : I can't take
Phoebe : You don't have to do anything. Just don't tell them we know.
UNK: I can't take anymore secrets.
UNK: I got your secrets, their secrets, secrets of my own.
Rachel : You don't have any secrets.
Joey : Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal.
UNK: How are we going to mess with them?
Phoebe : You could use your position as the roommate.
UNK: And I would use the strongest tool at my disposal.
Phoebe : My sexuality.
Chandler : Hello, children.
Phoebe : Watch. Learn. And don't eat my cookie.
Phoebe : That jacket looks great on you.
UNK: -Really? -The material is so soft.
Phoebe : Hello, Mr. Bicep.
UNK: You're working out?
UNK: I try to squeeze things.
Chandler : Are you okay?
UNK: If you really want to know
Phoebe : I can't tell you this.
Chandler : You can tell me anything.
Phoebe : Actually, you are the one person I can't tell this to.
Phoebe : And the one person I want to the most.
Ross : What's going on?
UNK: I just haven't been with a guy in so long...
UNK: ...and sometimes you're looking for something...
UNK: ...and it's right there in front of you, sipping coffee...
UNK: Oh, no. Have I said too much?
Phoebe : Just something to think about. I know I will.