UNK: He hit her on the head.
Lanie : Knocked her out.
Castle : And then using the syringe skills he developed caring for you,
Castle : he injected her with air.
Beckett : Leaving no blood evidence,
Beckett : and then he stuffed her body into someone else's coffin
UNK: so that you would never know.
Calderon : How could you do this?
Manuel : I made them disappear.
Manuel : No body,
Manuel : no murder.
Beckett : Manuel Calderon.
Beckett : You're under arrest for the murder of Dr. Valerie Monroe.
UNK: I couldn't let her hurt you.
Beckett : The fact is she wasn't going to.
Beckett : She wasn't investigating your brother.
Beckett : She was looking into corruption at County Hospital.
Castle : You killed her for nothing.
Beckett : Let's go.
Martha : You know that Nurse Greg fellow?
Martha : He impresses me.
Martha : You know, someone willing to risk it all
Martha : to break his lover out of the big house.
Martha : We should all have that in our lives.
Castle : Yeah. We should.
Castle : Hey, you're home.
Castle : How was it?
Alexis : Taylor was amazing!
Alexis : Ash and I held hands while she sang our song. It was so great.
Alexis : Thank you so much.
Castle : For what?
Alexis : It's okay.
Alexis : Gina told me. The tickets were from both of you.
Alexis : Good night!
Martha : Very considerate of Gina.
Castle : Yeah, it was, wasn't it?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : You're starting to like her, aren't you?
Martha : I stopped being emotionally invested in your girlfriends
Martha : after you dumped that darling Lizzie in eleventh grade.
UNK: Gina's very nice. She's a little over the top, but you know.
Martha : You're happy, I'm happy.
Martha : But, the question is this,
UNK: when you come right down to it.
Martha : Would you be willing to break her out of prison?
Martha : Because that, my boy,
Martha : is true love.
Amy : God, I love you so much.
Greg : I love you, too.
Amy : I can't stand the thought of you getting locked up over me.
Beckett : Well, you might not have to.
Castle : After hearing all your claims of innocence,
Castle : we decided to go over your arrest file.
Esposito : Turns out, there were a lot of discrepancies.
Beckett : So, we sent the files to Leonard Maloney
Beckett : over at the Attorney General's Office and he agreed.
Castle : Apparently your public defender was a real hack.
Castle : He overlooked several key pieces of evidence.
Beckett : Including a statement that was ignored
Beckett : because of the eyewitness' mental illness.
Beckett : So, Maloney has agreed to reopen your case.
Beckett : And he believes that you have cause to be hopeful.
Amy : What about Greg?
Castle : Well, in the spirit of justice,
Castle : Maloney has said that if you get exonerated,
Castle : he will recommend that Greg gets probation.
Amy : Why are you doing all this?
Beckett : Because someone convinced me that a love story as good as yours
Beckett : deserves a shot at a happy ending.
Martha : Oh. Um.
Castle : We feel bad that the State Troopers picked you up at Burgeropolis
UNK: before you were able to relive your first date.
Castle : So, until you do get out,
Castle : we brought you this.
Castle : I told them to hold the onions.
UNK: Hey, that was a nice thing you guys did in there.
Castle : I just thought that after everything Greg did for her,
Castle : they deserved a chance.
Castle : Besides, if it were you and I in Amy's shoes,
Castle : we'd still be rotting in prison.
Esposito : Speak for yourself, bro. I'd escape.
Castle : What, you'd just leave me in there?
UNK: Wow.
Castle : Nothing like a hypothetical prison term
Castle : to let you know who your friends really are.
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle. I'd get you out.
Beckett : You coming?
UNK: Yeah.