UNK: I'm thinking Bubblegum Fantasy.
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - Or maybe Frosted Iris.
UNK: I'm thinking Tickle-The-Toe Red is my go-to color.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Richard Castle : You expecting someone?
Alexis : Gina got promotional freebies at a new spa
Alexis : and asked us if we wanted to go get manis, pedis and massages.
Castle : And you're going?
Martha : When it comes to your ex-wife, darling,
Martha : perks outweigh personal considerations.
Martha : - Hello! - Hello!
Gina : You look great.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: Uh.
Castle : Am I invited?
Gina : Uh, no. It's a girls' day out.
UNK: I want to spend time with Martha and Alexis.
Castle : But I love massages.
Castle : And I don't want the three of you conspiring.
Alexis : Don't worry, Dad. We've got a lot of other stuff to talk about.
Gina : I want to hear all about Alexis's new boyfriend
Gina : from her point of view.
Gina : Did you know that they have a song?
Alexis : It was playing the first time Ash and I kissed.
UNK: La, la, la, la! I don't want to hear that.
Alexis : That's why I wanted those tickets so badly.
Alexis : Taylor's playing an exclusive acoustic show on Tuesday
Alexis : and I wanted to take Ash,
Alexis : but it was sold out before we could get tickets.
Martha : Well, have you checked on eBay or your father's ticket broker?
Alexis : The only ones available
UNK: would've cost Ash and I six years of allowance each.
UNK: - Oh, hmm. - Mmm.
Gina : Do you remember our song?
UNK: La, la, la, la! Don't wanna hear it!
Castle : You girls have a great day.
Castle : Remember, it won't be the same without me.
UNK: No.
UNK: Hmm. Looks like you have plans anyway.
Castle : Don't we usually get to the victim before the funeral?
UNK: What've we got?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Mourners found a body in the casket.
Castle : And that's unusual how?
Esposito : Well, the family was bidding a fond farewell to Mr. Mank here,
UNK: and discovered that he wasn't going to the grave alone.
Castle : Is it just me, or is Mr. Mank smiling?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Our stowaway is Dr. Valerie Monroe,
UNK: an attending internist at County Hospital.
Beckett : A doctor. Any connection to the deceased?
Esposito : Ryan's talking to the family now.
Beckett : Cause of death?
UNK: Mankofsky's Wife : Liver failure. He drank like a fish!
Lanie : We may know what killed Mr. Mank,
Lanie : but your dead doctor here is more of a mystery.
Lanie : No bullet holes, stab wounds or ligature marks.
Lanie : She has a peri-mortem bruise on the back of her neck here.
Lanie : But it wasn't severe enough to have been fatal.
UNK: Lividity indicates she died sometime between 7 : 00 and 9 : 00 last night,
Lanie : but until I can perform an autopsy, cause of death is unknown.
UNK: What we do know is that somebody was trying to get rid of her body.
Lanie : Along with her purse and her phone.
UNK: You know, it was kind of brilliant when you think about it.
Castle : Disappearing a body in an already occupied coffin.
Castle : And because Jewish tradition demands that you bury the body right away,
Castle : there's less time to get caught.
Esposito : If it wasn't for the pallbearers' fumble,
Esposito : the good doctor would have disappeared forever.
UNK: All right, talk to the funeral director.
Beckett : See if anyone had access to this coffin in the last 24 hours.