Lanie : And like any good physician,
Lanie : Dr. Phelps immediately ordered an MRI.
Castle : Kicking Greg's plan into high gear.
UNK: Greg used his connections at the ER to get both morphine and naloxone.
Lanie : When he escorted Amy into the MRI,
Lanie : he gave her enough morphine to cause her vital signs to drop
Lanie : to where she had no recordable pulse.
Beckett : Creating the illusion of death.
Beckett : And since Amy had a do not resuscitate order...
Castle : Courtesy of Dr. Zha.
Beckett : ...she was pronounced dead.
UNK: Not wanting to waste a second, Greg wheels Amy into the morgue.
UNK: And then injects her with the Naloxone,
Lanie : bringing her out of the OD.
Lanie : And very dangerous, but effective.
Beckett : Greg had the morgue supervisor sign all of the documents
UNK: necessary to release the body,
Beckett : and then placed Jane Doe's body in Amy's bag.
Castle : Then, like any other couple in love,
UNK: they walked arm in arm out of the hospital,
Castle : and into the sunrise.
Lanie : Risking everything for love.
Lanie : If it weren't for the fact that Dr. Monroe was killed,
Lanie : it'd be a pretty romantic story.
Montgomery : Hold on now. I thought Greg had a solid alibi for her murder?
Beckett : Well, sir, we think that an accomplice was helping him out.
Beckett : So, we're looking into known associates
Beckett : and we've also got a team out at Greg's apartment
Beckett : looking to see if they can find any leads.
Beckett : We're also monitoring his credit cards
Beckett : and we've issued APBs for the Tri-State area,
Beckett : but given all of the planning,
Beckett : they probably already had an escape route planned.
Beckett : But, if we're lucky, we'll catch a break.
Castle : I think we just did.
Castle : Greg's letters to Amy.
Castle : If they'd been planning this for a long time,
Castle : there's gotta be a clue in the letters.
Montgomery : Call the crew over at Greg's. If we can find Amy's letters to Greg,
UNK: - then we'll have a full set. - Yes, sir.
UNK: And these are just love notes.
Beckett : There's nothing in here about the escape.
UNK: Well, then we have to look at these like a romance novel,
Castle : not a murder mystery.
Castle : These people are baring their souls in these letters.
Castle : And if we're lucky, we'll find our Zihuatanejo.
Beckett : No, I know what it is.
Beckett : I'm a cop. I've seen the movie.
UNK: It's just there's nothing about that in here.
Beckett : The only thing that Amy talks about is being innocent of the crime
Beckett : she was convicted of, and how much she misses Greg.
Castle : Yeah, it's pretty clear Greg misses her, too. Listen to this.
Castle : "The days without you grow longer, but my love for you grows..."
UNK: Stronger?
UNK: "...harder."
Castle : A poet he's not.
Beckett : Yeah, well not everyone is a best-selling crime novelist.
Beckett : And it doesn't mean that their love was any less.
Beckett : Listen to what she wrote to him.
Beckett : "I can't bear to see you suffer.
UNK: "Make a new life with someone else. Just be happy.
UNK: "If anyone deserves it, it's you."
Castle : I think I have his response to that.
Castle : "I don't believe in much, but I believe in us."
Castle : I like this guy.
Castle : "And no matter the obstacles, no matter how hard you try,
UNK: "you'll never get rid of me. I love you."
Castle : You're right. These are worthless.
UNK: So, two lovers reunite after three years.
Beckett : Where would you go?
UNK: Motel.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : That's what you call special?
UNK: Well, I'm assuming they're on a budget.
UNK: All right, where's the first place you'd go?
Beckett : I don't know. Someplace romantic.
Beckett : Someplace with special meaning, maybe?
Castle : Like the first place they met?