Castle : to know that doctors are notorious for sleeping with each other.
Castle : I bet as we speak, in this hospital,
Castle : two doctors are in a break room
Castle : doing it.
UNK: And by "it," I mean...
UNK: I know what "it" means, Castle. And that is just a fantasy.
Beckett : Four out of five doctors prefer sleeping with someone
Beckett : outside of their profession.
Beckett : - Four out of five? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : How many of them like detectives?
Beckett : One that I know of.
UNK: Whoa! You mean motorcycle boy is a doctor?
Beckett : Man, Castle. Motorcycle man.
Castle : Fine. But he's a doctor?
Beckett : Yeah, he is.
UNK: Huh!
Castle : What kind of doctor? Urologist? Proctologist?
Castle : - Don't tell me he's a gynecologist. - He's a cardiac surgeon.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Cardiac surgeon. Wow, that's...
Beckett : Impressive? Yes, it is.
Beckett : In fact, he did an emergency bypass on someone this morning.
Beckett : Saved the patient's life.
Beckett : What did you do this morning, Castle?
Castle : Made waffles.
UNK: A patient could be terminal, and would suddenly just smile
UNK: Jerry Camden : every time Dr. Monroe walked into a room.
UNK: Jerry Camden : It's a huge, huge loss for us.
Beckett : Did she have any family?
Camden : A brother I think. In San Diego.
UNK: Boyfriend?
Camden : Not that she ever mentioned.
UNK: She used to always say that the hospital was her family.
Beckett : Was there any friction with any of her colleagues?
Camden : Well, yesterday, just before the end of her shift,
Camden : Dr. Monroe had a private meeting with one of our nurses.
Castle : Is that unusual?
Camden : No, but the nurse came out of the meeting looking shaken.
Camden : I asked Dr. Monroe about the meeting
UNK: and she said that it was a personal situation
Camden : that she was looking into and trying to solve.
Beckett : I'll need to speak with that nurse.
Camden : Nurse McClintock. Of course.
Castle : Personal situation with a nurse. You thinking what I'm thinking?
Beckett : Probably not.
Castle : Hospital love triangle.
Castle : Check it out. Our dead Dr. Monroe,
UNK: she is hot and heavy with her manly McDreamy,
Castle : until she catches him in the on-call room
Castle : with his scrubs around his ankles shagging Naughty Nurse McClintock.
Castle : Then the inevitable catfight ensues between said nurse and Dr. Monroe.
Castle : A catfight to the death.
Castle : That's a good title for something. Catfight to the Death.
Beckett : How much TV do you actually watch?
Castle : Enough to know that this Nurse McClintock
Castle : will probably be super hot.
UNK: Greg Mcclintock : Detective. You wanted to see me?
Castle : And you are?
Camden : Nurse McClintock.
Beckett : Care to revise your theory?
Castle : Not what I was expecting. But, no, I'll stand by it.
UNK: Lissa Ackerman : Hey, Greg.
UNK: Hey, Dr. Akerman.
Greg : So what can I do for you?
Beckett : Well, we're here about Dr. Monroe's murder.
Greg : Yeah. It's pretty awful.
Beckett : We understand that you had a meeting with her
Castle : right before her shift ended, last night.
Greg : Yeah. I saw her.
Greg : I love the way your hair frames your face.
Greg : Do you always wear it like that?
Beckett : For work. Yeah, but...
UNK: Uh. So, about Dr. Monroe...
UNK: Lissa Ackerman : Hey, Greg.
UNK: Hey, Dr. Phelps.
Castle : You seem pretty popular around here.
UNK: Although, from what we've heard, maybe not so much with Dr. Monroe.
Beckett : What did you meet with her about last night?
Greg : Nothing, really.
UNK: It's just, she thought I was too flirty with her female residents.
Castle : Imagine that.
Greg : What's wrong with being friendly?
Beckett : So what happened afterwards?
Greg : I walked her to the ambulance dock
Greg : and promised to keep my distance from her residents.
Greg : She thanked me, and then headed off
Greg : with some guy I had never seen before.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : So you walked Dr. Monroe out,
Castle : and then conveniently saw her with some mystery man?
Greg : - That's what happened. - Oh.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 7 : 00 and 9 : 00?
Greg : Are you asking for my alibi? Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously. - Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously. - Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously! - Okay. Uh, I was...
UNK: ...getting coffee with lmani.
Greg : I mean, Dr. Phelps.
Greg : No, wait. At that time, I was with Rhonda. Dr. Chimes.