UNK: Leonard Maloney : You want to talk about Valerie, call my office.
Beckett : If you don't cooperate, I'm gonna be forced to arrest you.
Beckett : Hey! Drop it!
Maloney : No. You drop it.
Maloney : Leonard Maloney, Attorney General's Office.
UNK: What the hell is going on?
Castle : We're investigating the murder of Dr. Monroe.
Maloney : Murder? Valerie's dead?
Castle : Exactly how did you know her?
Maloney : She was working for me.
UNK: Undercover.
Castle : It's like an Alfred Hitchcock movie.
Castle : A beautiful professional
Castle : goes undercover to trap an infamous drug lord.
Montgomery : - Drug lord? - Cesar Calderon.
Beckett : The target of your investigation.
Maloney : Calderon? No.
UNK: An investigation of Calderon is way above my pay-grade.
Maloney : Besides, he's been out of the drug game for years.
Beckett : Then what was your target?
UNK: Lanie Parish : County Hospital.
Maloney : The State Comptroller
Maloney : was investigating misappropriations of funds,
Maloney : prescription fraud and equipment theft.
Castle : Medical fraud?
UNK: And we couldn't find the source,
Maloney : so, I asked Dr. Monroe to be our eyes and ears on the inside.
Beckett : And did she find anything?
UNK: No.
UNK: And then the day before yesterday,
Maloney : she calls me out of the blue and wants to meet.
Beckett : By the ambulance dock.
Maloney : When I got there,
UNK: she said she was onto something that involved prescription fraud
Maloney : and a possible smuggling ring.
Maloney : But she didn't want to point fingers
UNK: until she had verified some things up north this weekend.
Maloney : Up north?
Castle : The searches on Dr. Monroe's phone. Katonah, New York.
Montgomery : What does a smuggling ring
Montgomery : have to do with Katonah?
Montgomery : It's basically a nothing town.
Castle : Three reasons why Katonah is awesome.
Castle : One, gorgeous countrysides.
UNK: Two, it's where Doonesbury cartoonist Garry Trudeau went to school.
Castle : And three, and perhaps most importantly,
Castle : it's where Martha Stewart lives.
Beckett : You like Martha Stewart?
Castle : Doesn't everyone?
Montgomery : Well, I liked her.
UNK: Until she went to prison for insider trading.
Montgomery : Wait a minute. Prison.
Montgomery : Next to Katonah is Bedford Hills.
Montgomery : And what's in Bedford Hills, Detective?
Beckett : There's a women's prison.
Castle : Do you think she suspected someone there?
Castle : If we're talking about a field trip to a women's prison, I'm in.
UNK: Easy, tiger. Listen, call the prison.
Montgomery : Have them fax over the visitors log
UNK: for the past six months and an inmate list.
Montgomery : See if anyone there connects to the hospital or our victim.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Uh, if we're talking about wading through hospital staff lists
Castle : and prison logs, I'm out.
UNK: Besides, I've got some amends to make.
Castle : And it's gonna take a little bribery.
Gina : Okay, Rick, I'm here.
Gina : What's so important?
Gina : What is this?
Castle : Well, nothing says
UNK: "I'm an ass" like a bunch of helium-filled rubber.
Castle : And you're not smiling.
UNK: No, it's just that I had this sick feeling all day.
UNK: I felt like we'd had this fight before.
Gina : And then I remembered the doll debacle.
Castle : You bought a doll for Alexis for Christmas.
Gina : And you already had one stashed away in the closet as a surprise.
Castle : And it was a battle deciding which one she would keep.
Gina : And you won. Like always.
UNK: But yours was so creepy. Its eyes followed you.
Gina : This is exactly what I'm talking about, Rick.
Gina : Even when we were married, you built a wall around Alexis,
Gina : like you didn't want anyone else to be close to her.
Gina : When it came to the two of you, I was on the outside looking in.
Gina : I just...
Gina : I don't want to feel like an outsider anymore.
Castle : She's growing up.
Castle : She has a boyfriend now.
UNK: You want to know the truth?
Castle : I feel like an outsider, too.
Castle : But you're very right.
Castle : And I was wrong.
Castle : And you should be the hero this time.
Gina : That's sweet.