UNK: Unless
Castle : Calderon did that on purpose
Castle : to throw suspicion towards the hospital staff
Castle : on the off chance the body was found.
Beckett : The thing I don't get is how a respected doctor
UNK: can literally get into bed with a known drug lord.
Castle : Ladies love the bad boys.
Castle : Ultimate bad boy.
Castle : I mean, who knows what kind of twisted, depraved,
UNK: unholy world we're about to step into?
Beckett : Sir, I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : We need to speak with Cesar Calderon.
UNK: Manuel Calderon : I'm sorry. I think you have the wrong room.
UNK: Manuel Calderon : I don't know anyone named...
Beckett : Richard Castle?
UNK: Cesar Calderon : The Richard Castle?
UNK: Cesar Calderon : Let them come, Manolo. Let them in.
Calderon : Welcome, welcome.
Beckett : Mr. Calderon. I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: Pleasure. And you, sir, need no introduction.
Calderon : I am a huge admirer of your fictions.
Calderon : Whenever I desire a taste of my old, grittier life,
Calderon : I call upon your works.
UNK: Nikki... Oh, you mean Nikki Heat.
UNK: Have you read your novels in Spanish?
Gina : - No. - Oh, you should.
Calderon : Everything is better in Spanish.
UNK: Please.
Martha : - Thank you. - Thank you.
UNK: So,
Calderon : a bestselling novelist
UNK: and a gorgeous detective
UNK: have come to pay me a visit.
UNK: Why?
Castle : We're investigating a murder.
Calderon : Ah! How exciting. Who's the victim?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dr. Valerie Monroe.
Calderon : Valerie Monroe? No.
Calderon : Valerie is dead?
Beckett : What was your relationship with Dr. Monroe?
Martha : She, uh...
Calderon : She was my...
Calderon : My private physician.
Calderon : I have a bad heart.
Calderon : Six months ago I had a heart attack.
Calderon : My brother Manuel took me to the hospital.
Calderon : Valerie was there and...
Calderon : She took care of me.
Calderon : I offered her a position
Calderon : as my concierge physician.
Calderon : Two nights a week, my brother is my caregiver.
Calderon : The other five, Valerie.
Castle : That explains the money.
Beckett : So she was just your doctor?
Calderon : No, she was my...
Calderon : My miracle worker.
Calderon : She gave me back my strength.
UNK: Valerie forced me back into the world.
Calderon : She made me walk beside her.
Calderon : At night, sometimes, we would drive into the park.
Calderon : Whoever did this evil must be punished.
Beckett : We intend to do just that, Mr. Calderon.
Beckett : Where were you between 7 : 00 and 9 : 00 last night?
Calderon : I was right here.
Calderon : I ordered room service.
Calderon : The hotel staff can attest to that.
UNK: Carpet's brown. Not gray.
Castle : She wasn't killed here.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
UNK: No. Is he the one who killed her?
UNK: All we know is that he was with her just before she died.
Manuel : I've seen this man before.
Manuel : A few times, Valerie had me drop her off at a diner by her place.
Manuel : This man was sometimes waiting.
Gina : Do you remember the name of the diner?
Beckett : The wait staff said he's a lunch regular,
Beckett : but he hasn't been in yet today.
Beckett : They don't know his name.
Castle : Maybe he killed Dr. Monroe and then got out of Dodge.
Beckett : Maybe. Let's just wait here though.
Castle : Calderon's alibi?
Beckett : The hotel staff confirmed it.
Beckett : How did Alexis' surprise go?
Castle : Turns out the surprise was on me.
Castle : Gina got her tickets, too. Front row. Backstage access.
Beckett : You say that like it's a bad thing.
UNK: Well, she should've checked with me first.
Beckett : Maybe, but at least it means she cared enough to do it, right?
Beckett : There he is.
Beckett : Excuse me, sir.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about Dr. Valerie Monroe.