UNK: Okay.
Wilson : - She's gonna die. - The clot's not gonna go away quietly.
UNK: It could blow at any time.
House : - Are you gonna let them know? - I guess so.
UNK: - Can I come with? - To tell Andie she's gonna die?
Wilson : - That's very un-you. - She's such a brave girl.
UNK: I wanna see how brave she is when you tell her she's gonna die.
Wilson : Go to hell.
House : What would you do if you were told you were gonna die?
Foreman : - I don't know, I'd be devastated. - You'd cry like a baby.
House : Everybody would.
House : She's not doing anything. She's a rock.
Cameron : She's brave.
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why?
Chase : She's gone through more than most people do in a lifetime.
House : So what? Does that mean she's ready to die?
House : What if her bravery is a symptom?
House : The clot is causing hallucinations and messing with her emotions.
Foreman : You think her bravery is chemically based?
UNK: It would tell us where to look for the clot.
UNK: Where's the fear center?
Foreman : The amygdala, near the hippocampus. It's a big area and a busy one.
Foreman : You blindly cut in there, you'll kill her.
UNK: Only time you're gonna see this clot is at autopsy.
House : Then let's do that.
House : Is it still illegal to perform an autopsy on a living person?
Cuddy : - Are you high? - If it's Tuesday, I'm wasted.
Cuddy : It's Wednesday.
House : I want to induce a hypothermic cardiac arrest.
House : Once the patient's on bypass, we siphon off two liters of blood,
House : perfuse the brain while she's in an MRI.
Cuddy : You're actually talking about killing her.
House : Just for a little while. I'll bring her right back.
Cuddy : Oh, well, in that case, go ahead. Why are we even talking?
House : If we do nothing, she's dead in a day, maybe a week.
House : The kind that lasts.
Cuddy : We need FDA approval for any surgical technique
Cuddy : - that's used for diagnostic purposes. - Absolutely.
House : If we were doing anything invasive. But there's nothing invasive...
House : You know, I'm not cutting into her head. I'm just looking for a clot.
Cuddy : Not invasive? You're killing her.
House : Don't split hairs. If it works, she lives.
Cuddy : Make sure the mom understands that this is a million-to-one shot.
House : I'll see that Wilson passes that along.
Wilson : The plan is
UNK: basically to reboot your daughter.
Wilson : Like a computer. We shut her down. Then restart her.
Mom : How do you restart a 9-year-old girl?
Wilson : We cool her core body temperature to 21 degree Celsius.
Wilson : - Use blankets, ice. - Sort of like hibernation?
Wilson : Not quite. In hibernation, a bear's heartbeat is just very slow.
Wilson : In cardiac arrest, there is no heartbeat.
Mom : So she's dead.
Wilson : Temporarily, yes.
Wilson : By cooling her, we limit the risk of damage when we remove her blood.
Wilson : - Not all of it, two to three liters. - Half her blood?
Wilson : Then we put it back. It's called perfusing the circuit.
Wilson : In this case, her brain.
Wilson : And using an MRI, we'd have a very brief window
Wilson : to hopefully see the outline of the clot.
UNK: If it's there, and it's operable, we go get it.
Wilson : And Andie walks out of here.
Wilson : - Signed consent forms. - Great, thanks.
Wilson : You sound better.
House : I stacked a combo of Mentholatum, a few Vicodin,
House : and something else which I can't remember.
House : Should be able to ride the high for a couple hours.
House : - What did Andie say? - About what?
House : - About this? - I didn't talk to her.
Wilson : She doesn't need to know the specifics of this procedure.
House : What if you're right about her?
House : What if she just is that brave?
Wilson : That doesn't mean she's mature enough to handle this kind of decision.
House : Either she understands, or she's not brave. You can't have it both ways.
House : If she does understand,
House : then she deserves to know what's going on.