House : Since it's not obvious, I thought we'd go with subtle.
Cameron : It doesn't matter. If her sat percentage is off,
Cameron : that means her blood isn't getting enough oxygen.
Cameron : That's a problem with her lungs, not her heart.
UNK: And a lung problem isn't causing hallucinations.
Chase : But the lungs could lead us somewhere that is.
House : Welcome to the end of the thought process.
Chase : Primary pulmonary hypertension?
Cameron : Maybe PE or pulmonary fibrosis.
Foreman : Could be some bizarre case of kyphoscoliosis.
House : I'm going home.
House : While I'm resting, you guys get some arterial blood gases,
UNK: once you confirm that she is hypoxic, I want a plethysmography,
House : chest x-ray, CT and V-Q.
UNK: But if all that comes back negative, then snake a catheter into her lungs.
UNK: Don't worry, if I don't sleep in, I'll get bagels.
Chase : - You ever had this test before? - What's it for?
Chase : This goes all the way up the vein by your hip, into your lung.
Chase : If I find something up there blocking anything, I pull it out. Simple.
Andie : It's gonna be easy. The doctor at Sloan told me I had a great aorta.
Chase : - Oh, you have had this test before. - Sorry. I just like hearing you talk.
Andie : I've never kissed a boy.
Chase : There's time yet for that.
Andie : There was a boy last summer.
UNK: I was at one of those cancer camps. I just never had the guts to ask him.
Andie : You know, there's a good chance I'm not gonna walk out of this hospital.
Andie : Even if I do, I'm nine.
Andie : Not a lot of kissing going on in the third grade.
UNK: You will walk out of here, all right? And you will kiss a boy.
Chase : There you go. A smile.
Andie : Will you kiss me?
House : - No. - No one will ever know.
Chase : I'm sorry. I can't.
Andie : - I won't tell anyone. - Listen, you're nine years old.
UNK: I'm 30.
UNK: I just wanna know what it feels like. Once.
Chase : This isn't your last chance for that.
Andie : What if it is?
Andie : Please kiss me?
House : - Bagels. - You didn't sleep in.
House : Didn't sleep, didn't breathe. I'm dying.
Chase : Pulmonary angiogram of Andie's lungs was clean.
UNK: Arterial blood gases and CT scan were also normal.
Chase : Her heart and lungs are fine.
House : Which gives us no explanation for the diminished sat percentage.
Foreman : Yeah, oddly enough, sometimes normal is normal.
UNK: Sometimes we can't see why normal isn't normal.
House : Get her symptoms on the board. You're letting me touch the markers?
UNK: It's written out in my advanced health care directive.
House : Should I be incapacitated in any way, you run the board.
House : Then Foreman. Chase, you're just not ready yet.
House : - What else? - I know we sort of ruled out infection,
Foreman : but if we forget the labs for a minute,
Foreman : there is one infection we didn't test for because of her age.
Foreman : - Neurosyphilis. - There's no way.
Foreman : If the infection dipped into her cerebral cortex,
Foreman : all peripheral functions could be compromised.
Chase : No. She hasn't had sex. She's nine.
Foreman : Maybe it wasn't her idea. I mean, she's been around a lot of adults.
Foreman : All the hospital visits, the counselors at the cancer camps.
Cameron : You think she's been molested?
UNK: And hiding it pretty well if there's any of that going on.
House : Yeah. All girls who've been molested wanna talk about it.
House : - Break out the rape kit. - She hasn't had sex.
House : - Why are you so sure? - She told me she'd never kissed a boy.
House : - You read her diary, too? - She asked me to kiss her.