House : You wouldn't believe the crap people let me get away with.
Wilson : They found a tumor. It's in her lung, extending into her heart.
Wilson : It wasn't visible on the MRI because it's growing along the heart wall.
Wilson : Now, because of the placement,
Wilson : the surgeon has to temporarily remove Andie's heart.
Wilson : It's called an explant. They cut out the tumor,
Wilson : replace any damaged heart muscle with bovine patches.
Wilson : That's a patch made from the cow's pericardium.
Wilson : It's a sac that encloses the heart.
Mom : What are her chances?
Wilson : The problem is, there might not be enough heart left
Wilson : once they remove all of the tumor.
Wilson : And if the tumor's metastasized, there's nothing we can do.
Chase : - Dr. Murphy. - Just let me tie this off.
House : - Doctor! - What?
Chase : She's got a bleed in her eye.
House : They got the tumor, repaired her heart, but she bled out of her eye.
Wilson : She didn't bleed out of her eye from a heart tumor.
House : - True. The cardiac tumor was benign. - That's impossible!
House : - Statistically... - Oh, shut up.
Wilson : If the tumor's benign, that means it didn't cause her hallucinations.
House : - That's why I'm mentioning it. - So, the tumor's a coincidence?
House : This is bad. You're starting to state the obvious.
Wilson : No, you said it would be there and it was there.
Wilson : It can't be a coincidence.
UNK: A 9-year-old with terminal cancer
House : gets an unrelated benign tumor growing in her heart.
House : - Why? - It's benign? That's impossible.
House : - Talk to Wilson. - The retinal bleed, also coincidence?
Chase : A clot could create pressure behind the eye, cause the bleeding.
Wilson : A clot could explain the eye, but doesn't explain the hallucinations.
Foreman : A clot could cause mini seizures.
UNK: Great. Another thing that's not causing the hallucinations.
UNK: Post-seizure psychosis.
Foreman : The brain sort of corrects itself after the seizure by hallucinating.
Wilson : The clot could explain the eye and the hallucinations,
Wilson : but what about the tumor?
Wilson : Tumors the size of an octopus wrapped around a little girl's heart
Wilson : are not just a coincidence.
Cameron : She's not healthy, she's never been healthy.
Wilson : What's the theory here? This girl's body's a lemon?
Wilson : Faulty manufacturing, everything's falling apart?
House : The tumor is Afghanistan, the clot is Buffalo.
House : Does that need more explanation? Okay.
UNK: The tumor is Al-Qaeda, the big bad guy, the brains.
UNK: We went in, wiped it out, but it had already sent out a splinter cell.
UNK: A small team of low-level terrorists quietly living in some suburb of Buffalo,
House : waiting to kill us all.
UNK: Are you trying to say the tumor threw a clot before we removed it?
House : It was an excellent metaphor.
UNK: Angio her brain before this clot straps on an explosive vest.
House : Angio was clean.
Wilson : - There's no clot? - There is, we just can't find it.
UNK: You can't do exploratory surgery on her brain.
House : Are you sure you're not a neurologist?