House : I rest my case.
UNK: A regular 9-year-old girl does not have sex on the brain,
UNK: not when a doctor's threading a catheter through her vein.
UNK: But she's not a regular 9-year-old. She's got terminal cancer.
House : Cancer doesn't make you special.
House : - Molestation on the other hand... - She wanted one kiss, before she dies.
Chase : If she's never kissed a boy, it's a fair bet she's never had sex.
House : Tell that to all the hookers who won't kiss me on the mouth.
House : Hey, here's a theory. She has been molested,
House : seeks refuge in romantic fantasies with older men with great hair,
House : and I think you left out the punchline.
House : Victims of molestation learn to work the angles, manipulate people.
House : You did it, didn't you? You kissed her.
UNK: It wasn't sick. It was one kiss for a dying girl.
Chase : One small... One small kiss before she dies.
Chase : Thank you. Thanks.
House : This is exactly why you can't touch my markers.
House : - Go see if she's had sex. - Okay.
Andie : - No one's ever touched me. - We just need to be sure.
Andie : I like your hair.
Andie : I used to have really curly hair. I always wanted it to be like yours is.
Chase : Thank you.
UNK: All right, that's it. You're fine.
Wilson : - With a patient. - She dying?
House : - No. - Then she can wait.
UNK: Will you excuse me just two minutes?
House : If only she'd been molested. Then we'd have something to go on.
House : - No forced entry. - One hallucination.
Wilson : Maybe it was just bad pork, maybe there's nothing...
House : She's not fine.
Cameron : Her sat percentage dropped another point.
Wilson : Which could suggest a tumor in her lung.
House : Lung wouldn't explain the hallucination.
UNK: CT scans showed both lungs were clean.
UNK: - So there's a tumor in her heart. - Not a chance! Give me that.
House : - I loosened it. - I opened it.
Wilson : We've got an MRI and an echo of her heart. There's nothing there.
House : Give me one other explanation for low oxygen saturation.
Wilson : I can't. There's only one condition that simultaneously affects
UNK: - the heart and brain, but she... - Perfect, let's go with that.
Wilson : Tuberous sclerosis in a kid that also has alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma?
Wilson : Two different unrelated cancers at the same time is a statistical no-no.
House : What's the rate of cancer in the general population?
UNK: - One in 10,000? - Don't. Don't start with the numbers.
UNK: Way I figure it, one in 10,000 of them should have another cancer.