House : Little girl won the lottery twice.
House : - It happens. - So you're gonna cut her open?
House : Exploratory surgery. I gotta find this thing.
UNK: You're just gonna grope around inside an immunocompromised 9-year-old?
Wilson : - She could die on the table. - I know it's somewhere near the heart.
UNK: House... you've got to do better than that.
Foreman : Why are we here?
House : Better acoustics. Now listen to this.
UNK: - It's a mitral heart valve. - No. Get the wax out of your ears.
House : This is the patient's aortic valve.
House : I downloaded the audio of her echocardiogram.
Foreman : - What are we trying to hear? - Tumor.
Chase : They tend to keep quiet on account of them not having any mouths.
House : But we could hear an abnormality in the sound of the valve,
House : which would indicate the presence of something.
UNK: The tumor, for example. If we could tell the surgeon where to look,
UNK: this is no longer an exploratory surgery, it's a precision strike.
Foreman : - Her aortic valve sounds normal. - Too bad.
House : Now listen to the dulcet tones of Andie's tricuspid valve.
Foreman : - Normal. - And this is her mitral valve.
Chase : I don't hear anything weird.
House : You guys make me sad. Listen again.
Chase : She's had one hallucination. Why are we operating on her?
Chase : Why are we risking her life?
UNK: Because Wilson thinks it'd be nice to give the girl a year
UNK: to say goodbye to her mommy.
House : Guess maybe she stutters or something. Now shut up and listen.
UNK: Tricuspid.
UNK: Mitral.
House : - Again. - Wait.
UNK: There.
Cameron : There's an extra flap.
House : I'm gonna ask the surgeon to look at the mitral valve first.
House : Chase, I want you there.
House : I don't like reading surgeon's reports, they're boring.
Chase : I'm not really sure I should be spending more time with her.
House : She'll be unconscious. You'll be safe.
Mom : - I'll be there when you wake up. - I'm gonna be fine, Mom.
Wilson : Brave kid. She even gave her mom a pep talk.
UNK: Mature, brave. She's a wonder.
Wilson : What's your problem?
UNK: These cancer kids, you can't put them all on a pedestal.
House : It's basic statistics. Some of them have got to be whiny little fraidy-cats.
Wilson : You're unbelievable.
House : If there's not one yellow-belly in the whole group,
House : then being brave doesn't have any meaning.
Wilson : Andie handles an impossible situation with grace.
Wilson : That's not to be admired?
House : You see grace because you wanna see grace.
Wilson : You don't see grace because you won't go anywhere near her.
House : Idolizing is pathological with you people.
House : You see things to admire where there's nothing.
Wilson : Yeah, well, we're evil.
House : You find things to admire where you shouldn't be sniffing at all.
House : - Like Debbie in Accounting. - She's nice.
House : You shouldn't know that. You're married.
Wilson : So, the little kid dying of cancer, I shouldn't like her?
House : If you're dying, suddenly everybody loves you.
Wilson : You have a cane, nobody even likes you.
House : I'm not terminal, merely pathetic.