UNK: No question Madison's dad knew about those bearer bonds.
Beckett : If they have something to do with his daughter's death,
Beckett : then why wouldn't he want to tell us about them?
Esposito : We're not going to know until we know where they came from.
UNK: We're tracking the serial numbers on the bonds,
Ryan : to see if we can locate the original owners,
UNK: but it's gonna take some time.
Beckett : What the hell was this girl mixed up in?
Castle : And what does it have to do with Jordan's telekinesis?
Beckett : Nothing, because Jordan is not telekinetic.
Castle : Well, explain that cafeteria video.
Beckett : I can't, Castle. But I assure you, I will.
Castle : And what about Madison's death?
UNK: Being thrown around like a rag doll by an unseen force.
UNK: "Unseen" doesn't mean that nobody was there.
UNK: The real question that we should be asking
UNK: is what is a 17-year-old doing with $2.3 million in bearer bonds?
Beckett : That probably got her killed, not some psychic assassin.
Castle : Perhaps we'll have to agree to disagree on that
Castle : and agree to agree on this.
UNK: "The Billboard's Top 100 Most Romantic Songs of All Time."
UNK: I figure our song has got to be on that list somewhere.
Beckett : No. Castle, I'm not choosing our song off of a list that includes
UNK: Def Leppard's Pour Some Sugar On Me.
UNK: Uh, that song, I'm sure, ignited many a strip club romance in 1987.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: 1987.
Castle : A year when The Bangles taught us how to Walk Like an Egyptian,
UNK: Bon Jovi taught us how to live on nothing but a prayer.
Castle : And Rick Astley taught us how to laugh.
Beckett : You're feeling nostalgic
UNK: after getting pulled back in time to your days at Faircroft Prep.
UNK: Yeah, it was strange going back.
Castle : Everything seems smaller, yet unchanged.
Castle : The hallways are the same, the principal is the same,
Castle : same banners for school dances.
Castle : And why didn't you go to your prom?
UNK: I'm sure 17-year-old Katherine Beckett had many a young suitor.
Beckett : Yeah, except Rebel Becks was a little too cool to go to a silly dance.
UNK: So, we went to a poetry slam in the East Village instead.
Beckett : It's one of those seminal moments that I kind of wish I didn't skip out on.
Castle : To the things we missed.
Beckett : And to those we didn't.
Esposito : All right. Get back to me as soon as you can.
Esposito : Hey, so, still no word on the bearer bonds,
Esposito : but it's looking more and more like
Esposito : Madison's extracurriculars were of a criminal nature.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : - What did you find? - It's what CSU found.
Esposito : An antique ring.
UNK: It was on the back of the shelf at the library.
UNK: Must've slipped out of the book. But we were able to ID it
Esposito : as having been stolen in a burglary a few weeks ago.
Beckett : Who did this ring belong to?
Esposito : To the mom of a kid who attends Faircroft.
Esposito : Turns out that a dozen Faircroft families have been burglarized
Esposito : over the past three months. Mainly watches and jewelry.
Beckett : Let me guess, the dates of the burglaries match the dates
Beckett : - that Madison was out all night. - Bingo.
UNK: She must've fenced what she stole,
Castle : which explains why she was able to pay off her credit cards.
Beckett : It also explains the early morning visits to the library.
Beckett : She'd stash her haul in Tolstoy after each burglary.
UNK: And if anyone caught onto her, they'd never be able to find the loot.
Castle : And if they did find the loot, they wouldn't be able to connect it to her.
Esposito : I checked with all of Madison's friends at school.
UNK: None of them seemed to know what she was up to.
Ryan : Hey, I got a hit on those bearer bonds. Turns out they were stolen months ago
Ryan : in an armed robbery of a bank in Floral Park.
Ryan : The crew cleaned out the safe deposit boxes.
Esposito : Hold up. Are you saying that a 17-year-old prep-school girl
Esposito : robbed a bank?
Ryan : No. But she might have robbed the guy who robbed the bank.
Ryan : According to the police report,
Ryan : the prime suspect in the bank robbery was one Xiangzu Chen.
Ryan : A former Triad enforcer who went into business for himself.
Ryan : Now, the DA had enough evidence to indict him,
Ryan : but his defense attorney got him off on a technicality,
Ryan : and the bonds were never recovered.
Castle : And how does any of this connect with Madison?
Ryan : Look who his defense attorney is.