UNK: Tech Agent Tori : or anyone else is moving the tables and chairs.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : Frankly, I can't explain what we're seeing here.
Castle : Well, I think I can offer an explanation...
Beckett : What about the FaceTime call made to Madison's friends?
Beckett : Is there any way to retrieve that?
Tori : A video call is like a phone call.
Tori : Unless someone's recording it, once the call ends, the data is gone.
Tori : As for Jordan's laptop,
Tori : browser history suggests she spent hours
Tori : obsessing on all things telekinesis, starting two weeks ago.
Castle : Right about the time she telekinetically rearranged the cafeteria.
UNK: Clearly, Jordan realized she had powers
Castle : and was trying to understand them.
Castle : This is exactly like the movie Carrie.
Beckett : Yes. Exactly like the movie, fictional.
Beckett : Jordan doesn't have powers.
UNK: Hey, got Jordan's phone records.
Esposito : Her service provider says that her phone's been turned off,
Esposito : but she made one call right when she ditched school.
Beckett : To whom?
Esposito : Number's listed to a Henderson Diagnostics.
Esposito : And I can't find any info on what they do, exactly,
Esposito : but when I called, there was no answer. No voicemail or message either.
Beckett : Did you get an address?
UNK: Yeah. Brooklyn. Off the 4l5 line.
Beckett : What was Jordan doing all the way out here?
UNK: I mean, it's miles away from her house, the school.
UNK: Just because nobody knows who Jordan's friends are
Castle : doesn't mean she doesn't have any.
Beckett : And her friends hang out at a place like this?
UNK: Hi.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : I'd like to ask you a few...
UNK: Nerdy Guy : You must be here for the doctor.
UNK: Nerdy Guy : He's in session now.
UNK: Nerdy Guy : Follow me.
Beckett : Excuse me. NYPD.
Beckett : We're looking
UNK: for...
Castle : I think we're in the right place.
CASTLE : How did you do that?
UNK: Dr. Rampinel : The power of a focused mind.
Beckett : Yeah. I saw that trick in Vegas.
Beckett : So, who are you? What is this place?
UNK: I am Dr. Rampanel.
Rampinel : This place is my lab. And what I do is not magic.
Beckett : So then what is it?
Rampinel : - I teach biophysics at MIT. - AIR HISSING
Rampinel : I rent this space from Henderson to conduct my research in telekinesis.
Castle : You study telekinesis?
Rampinel : I teach people how to unlock their potential.
Beckett : For a fee, I'm guessing.
Beckett : They pay you enough,
Beckett : you make them believe they're special.
Rampinel : I see you're a skeptic.
Rampinel : Most ungifted are.
Beckett : What can you tell us about Jordan Gibbs?
Rampinel : Ah, yes, Jordan.
Rampinel : She came by last week, I think, to have herself evaluated.
Castle : How did she do?
Castle : Let me guess. Off the charts.
Rampinel : I really can't discuss my findings.
Rampinel : Last week? But she called here this morning.
Rampinel : In fact, she did, yes.
Castle : And what did she say?
Rampinel : She was frightened.
Rampinel : You see, Jordan doesn't yet know how to control her powers.
Beckett : So did she come here to see you?
Rampinel : Yes, but she's gone now.
Beckett : You're lying.
Beckett : And if you don't tell me the truth, I will arrest you
Beckett : for obstruction and harboring a fugitive.
UNK: Stop.
Jordan : Leave him alone.
Jordan : He's just trying to protect me.
Ryan : She even kind of looks like Carrie.
Esposito : No, she does not.
Esposito : Besides, how would that little skinny girl throw Madison up against the ceiling?
Castle : With powers we have yet to comprehend.
Castle : Be careful in there. Don't anger her.
Castle : We don't know what she's capable of.
Beckett : You're right.
Beckett : You should probably go in there with me.
Beckett : For protection.
BECKETT : You're a hard girl to find, Jordan.
Jordan : I had to get away from Faircroft.
Jordan : Everyone was whispering about how I was the one who killed Madison.
Beckett : And why would they say that?
Castle : Is it because Madison was your nemesis?
UNK: She didn't used to be.
Jordan : For the longest time,
Jordan : I was invisible to Madison and her bitch clique.
Jordan : Just like I am to most people.
Jordan : And then last month, the first morning back after winter break,
Jordan : I was in the library, reading.
Jordan : And I ran into her in the Russian lit section
Jordan : and she got all pissed,
Jordan : saying I couldn't tell anyone that I'd seen her there.
Castle : What was she angry about?
Jordan : I have no idea.
Jordan : Maybe she didn't want anyone to know that she actually studies.
Jordan : But then later that day,
Jordan : Madison started messing with me and it just got worse from there.
Beckett : So you pulled that stunt in the cafeteria to make her scared of you?
Jordan : I just wanted them to stop!