BECKETT : This has got to be a hoax.
Dunan : I ran into the cafeteria as soon as the commotion started.
Dunan : The place was in shambles, but if it was a hoax,
Dunan : the perpetrator left no evidence.
Beckett : Okay, well, we'll need a copy of this for analysis.
Beckett : Now, has anything like this happened before?
UNK: No.
UNK: Um... Yes! At the crime scene.
Castle : This explains Madison's head wound, the blood on the rafters.
Castle : Jordan threw her up there using the powers of her mind,
UNK: telekinesis.
Beckett : Is there a history of trouble between Jordan and Madison?
Dunan : Not until recently.
Dunan : I heard a rumor that Madison and her friends were harassing Jordan.
Dunan : I reached out to her,
Dunan : but she said she would prefer handling things herself.
Castle : Well, if this is how she handles things, no wonder Kris and Hillary are scared.
Beckett : We need to speak with Jordan.
Dunan : I'll have her pulled from class.
UNK: I cannot wait to tell Stephen about this case.
UNK: Hmm?
Castle : Stephen King. He won't believe it.
UNK: A real-life Carrie.
Beckett : Castle, I can't say what happened in the cafeteria
UNK: or in Madison's bedroom yet.
Beckett : But I can say this.
Beckett : The animosity between those two girls
Beckett : is what makes Jordan a person of interest.
Beckett : And not your telekinetic fantasy.
Dunan : I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid that Jordan is gone.
Beckett : What do you mean, she's gone?
UNK: It seems a student in her class came in
UNK: and told everyone the NYPD was here asking about Madison.
Dunan : Jordan got very upset and left the campus.
Dunan : Her teacher just called to inform us.
UNK: Ms. Payban : Jordan's still not answering. It just keeps going right to voicemail.
UNK: Ms. Payban : You're sure she's not at my house?
Esposito : I sent my partner to check. She wasn't there.
UNK: Ms. Papen, did Jordan ever mention a Madison Beaumont to you?
UNK: Ms. Payban : No. Not that I can remember.
Esposito : Was she home last night?
UNK: No. She was out till after 11 : 00.
Esposito : Out where?
UNK: Ms. Payban : I don't know.
UNK: Ms. Payban : Look, my brother and his wife died in a car wreck and I took Jordan in.
UNK: Ms. Payban : That's what you do.
UNK: Ms. Payban : But I have two jobs just to keep us afloat,
UNK: and I wasn't home till 8 : 00, and she was gone.
Esposito : How did she seem when she got home?
UNK: Ms. Payban : Quiet, as usual.
UNK: Ms. Payban : We didn't talk much and then she just went straight to her room.
RYAN : Hey, Javi?
UNK: - You got a second? - Yeah.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Detective, I know what this looks like,
UNK: but Jordan's a really good kid.
UNK: Ms. Payban : She got a scholarship herself to that fancy school.
UNK: Ms. Payban : She wouldn't throw that away. She just wouldn't do this.
Hillary : Yeah, it was totally Jordan.
Kris : No doubt.
UNK: But you never actually saw her.
Kris : Well, we didn't see anyone.
UNK: It was as if some invisible force
Kris : threw Madison around the room like a rag doll.
Hillary : The same way Jordan attacked us in the cafeteria.
Castle : After you knocked into her as she carried a tray full of food.
Kris : Look, we know it was wrong of us to mess with her, but...
Hillary : I mean, she's odd, you know.
Hillary : She's into weird stuff.
Esposito : - Comic books? - Yeah.
Ryan : Found them all over Jordan's room.
Esposito : Big deal. She's an X-Men fan.
Ryan : - Maybe because she's one of them. - SCOFFS
Ryan : Check it out.
UNK: Telekinesis Unleashed, Developing Telekinetic Powers.
Ryan : Telekinesis for Beginners.
UNK: And then there's this.
Esposito : Come on, bro. Let's be serious.
Ryan : Yeah. Is this serious enough for you?
Esposito : That's our victim.
Ryan : I found it taped over Jordan's desk.
Esposito : Was she always into this stuff?
UNK: Ms. Payban : No. It started a few weeks ago.
UNK: Ms. Payban : She asked for an advance on her allowance
UNK: Ms. Payban : and then went and bought all these books.
UNK: Why?
Esposito : What about Jordan's friends?
Esposito : Would they know where she is?
UNK: Ms. Payban : She doesn't have a lot of friends.
UNK: Ms. Payban : She spends most of her time in front of her computer.
Ryan : Do you mind if we take a look at it?
Ryan : It might help us find out where she went.
UNK: Ms. Payban : No, that's fine.
Esposito : She's a teenage girl.
UNK: There's got to be somebody that she's hanging with.
UNK: Ms. Payban : There's one boy that comes around now and then.
UNK: Ms. Payban : He brought Jordan's homework to the house when she was sick.
UNK: Ms. Payban : His name is Lucas.
BECKETT : Lucas Troy. And there he is.
UNK: Ah! A Starry Knight, the Winter Ball.
UNK: Did I tell you Principal Dunnan expelled me just before prom?