Castle : Ooh! Can you freeze that? Look. There, on the left.
Tori : Let me see if I can zoom in.
Castle : It's him. It's Lucas. He was at the cafeteria.
Beckett : And apparently at Chen's place, based on that paint.
Castle : So Lucas was the one with the power, and not Jordan!
Beckett : Yeah, the power to stage these events.
Beckett : But why would he be Madison's accomplice?
Beckett : He said that he hated her.
Castle : Maybe he came to hate her, and that's why he killed her.
Beckett : And with everyone assuming
UNK: that Jordan was the one with the telekinetic abilities,
Beckett : what better way to throw people off his scent?
Beckett : This is it.
Castle : That gun's not going to be much help
Castle : when Lucas rips it from your hand with his mind.
Beckett : SIGHS Castle, for the last time, telekinesis is not...
Castle : You were saying?
Beckett : Come on! We're going to finally figure out what's going on here.
Beckett : Don't move.
Jordan : It's not what you think!
LUCAS : Don't hurt her!
Lucas : She had nothing to do with this.
Lucas : It's all my fault.
Lucas : I never meant for any of this to happen. I never meant for anyone to get hurt.
Beckett : So, what we saw at your house, that event at the cafeteria,
Beckett : that was you?
Lucas : Yeah, you must think I'm a freak.
Beckett : How did you do it?
Lucas : You wouldn't understand. Most people don't.
UNK: It's why I've learned to hide what I am.
Castle : A telekinetic?
Lucas : What? No. Smart.
Esposito : You know, people don't like it when you're smart.
UNK: When you do things people don't understand.
UNK: I mean, all that stuff you saw, I rigged.
UNK: Rigged? But you made the chairs move. The tables.
UNK: Right. Special effects are kind of my hobby.
UNK: It's pretty amazing, actually,
Lucas : what you can do with some fishing wire and magnets.
Lucas : And people are pretty gullible.
Lucas : When I saw those girls being so mean to Jordan,
Lucas : I just wanted to make them stop.
UNK: I figured if I make them afraid of her, they'll leave her alone, you know?
Beckett : So then you faked the whole telekinetic event at the cafeteria?
UNK: Yeah.
Jordan : What's going to happen to him?
Esposito : That all depends on what he did.
Jordan : He was just trying to protect me.
Jordan : I've never had anyone do anything like that for me before.
Lucas : And it worked. I convinced everybody.
Lucas : Except Madison.
Lucas : She figured out what I'd done,
UNK: and then she threatened to turn me in to the administration if I didn't help her.
Lucas : You know what they would do
Lucas : to a scholarship kid who terrorized a room full of students?
UNK: What'd she ask you to do?
Lucas : There was a house in Westchester.
Lucas : And she said she needed to get inside.
UNK: And I was supposed to create a diversion to scare the owner out.
Beckett : Do you know what she was after in the house?
Lucas : No. No idea.
Lucas : I just wanted to do whatever she said so I could get on with my life.
Beckett : Which is why you killed her, because she wouldn't let you?
UNK: No... I didn't kill anybody.
Beckett : Lucas, Madison was on a FaceTime call when she was killed.
Beckett : Witnesses reported an invisible force tossing her around the room.
Beckett : They described it as a telekinetic event.
Beckett : Now, you just admitted to motive, and out of all of our suspects,
Beckett : you're the only one capable of pulling that off.
Lucas : Yeah. You're right, I did pull that off.
Ryan : With Madison.
Lucas : It was the first thing Madison forced me to do.
UNK: See, I made it look and sound like a FaceTime call,
Lucas : but it's just a video.
Lucas : Apparently, one of her friends was pretty disturbed by the cafeteria stunt,
Lucas : so she did this to really freak her out.
Beckett : Exactly how her friends describe it.
Lucas : Now, here's just the end with no effects.
MADISON : How was that? LUCAS : That looked good.
MADISON : Let's play it back.
UNK: She's so gonna freak when she sees this.
UNK: She'll think your psycho sweetheart is coming for her next.
UNK: All right, loser, help me get this harness off.
Castle : When did you make this?
Rampinel : Last week.
Lucas : I edited that last part out and e-mailed it to Madison.
UNK: Our killer must've gotten their hands on this.
Castle : They used the video to cover their crime,
Castle : by making witnesses believe they were watching the murder live.
Beckett : Who else knew about this video?
Lucas : As far as I know, just me, Madison,
UNK: and whichever bitch friend Madison pranked with this.