Beckett : Is that why you killed Madison?
Jordan : I guess so! I don't know!
UNK: RATTLING
Jordan : It's a nervous habit.
UNK: Jordan, there is no guessing here.
Beckett : Either you did or you didn't kill Madison.
Jordan : I got so angry
Jordan : and stuff just started flying around the cafeteria.
Jordan : Then I wished for Madison to be dead, and the next thing I knew, she was.
Jordan : It had to be me, right?
Beckett : Where were you between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 p.m. Last night?
Jordan : I was studying at LuLu's Café in Astoria.
UNK: We're gonna have to kick her loose.
Esposito : Waitress confirmed that Jordan was at the café in Queens till 11 : 00.
Beckett : So she couldn't have killed Madison.
Castle : Not with her bare hands.
Castle : But who knows how far her secret telekinetic powers might reach?
Ryan : Well, it turns out, our victim might have had some secrets of her own.
Beckett : Did you track down whoever Madison was seeing?
Ryan : As far as I can tell, she wasn't seeing anybody.
UNK: But these are her financials.
Esposito : What kind of high school kid has financials?
Ryan : Madison does.
Ryan : She had a dozen credit cards and she was wearing them out.
UNK: Hermés handbags, Jimmy Choos.
UNK: We're talking tens of thousands of dollars.
Esposito : So what? Her parents are loaded.
Ryan : Yeah, but Mommy and Daddy weren't springing for any of this stuff.
Ryan : The cards were in Madison's name,
Ryan : paid off every month through her own secret bank account.
Beckett : So where was this money coming from?
Ryan : That's what we're trying to figure out.
Ryan : Plus, there's more.
Ryan : A slew of credit card charges for late-night cab rides
UNK: and convenience-store purchases.
Castle : That fits with what Madison's ex-boyfriend said
Castle : about her staying out to all hours.
Beckett : Okay. Maybe she was going out. Hitting the clubs.
Ryan : Yeah, but on weeknights?
Ryan : And there are no bar or club charges here.
Castle : And look at this.
Castle : Remember how Jordan said her troubles with Madison
Castle : began when school started back up, with that run-in at the library?
Castle : According to this taxi charge,
Castle : Madison was out and about that same morning at 5 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Okay, so she was going straight to school from wherever she was.
Beckett : But why would she stay out all night and then go to the school library?
Castle : What was she doing that she didn't want Jordan to know about?
Librarian : Students use their IDs to swipe in and out of the library.
Librarian : These are all the times Madison Beaumont entered
Librarian : and exited during this entire school year.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Okay, so, each one of Madison's early morning visits to the library
Beckett : happened after one of her all-nighters.
Beckett : She swiped in and out within five minutes.
Castle : I'm guessing she wasn't hanging out in Russian lit to study.
Beckett : Castle, Russian literature. It's right here.
Castle : Thank God for the Kindle or I'd be out of a job in a couple of years.
Castle : Kids just don't read actual books anymore.
UNK: Unless it's Voyna i Mir.
UNK: War and Peace. In its original Russian.
Beckett : And look, there's no dust here.
Beckett : It's like someone pulled this out recently.
Beckett : It's lighter than I remember Tolstoy being.
UNK: Are these bank notes?
Castle : These are bonds. These are bearer bonds.
Castle : Issued by the German government.
Castle : These are payable to the bearer, no questions asked.
Beckett : German bearer bonds? I thought that only existed in Die Hard.
CASTLE : How did Madison get her hands on these?
UNK: I don't know, but there's over a million dollars' worth here.
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : There must be some mistake.
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : She may have applied for some credit cards,
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : but there's no way Madison had a bank account with this much cash in it.
Ryan : There's no mistake, Mr. Beaumont.
Ryan : And this money is just the tip of the iceberg.
UNK: Aside from the shopping sprees,
Esposito : we found some odd charges on your daughter's credit cards
Esposito : over the past few months.
UNK: For cab rides taken during the middle of the night.
Ryan : Do you have any idea what she was doing or where she was going?
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : These charges are for weeknights.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : School nights.
Esposito : So you weren't aware of this?
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : No. Madison was in bed by 11 : 00 every night.
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : Or we thought she was.
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : Do you think she got mixed up in something
UNK: and that's the reason she died?
Ryan : We don't know, but we did find something else in the school library.
UNK: Inside of a hollowed-out book with your daughter's fingerprints all over it.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : What did you find?
UNK: $2.3 million in German bearer bonds.
Castle : Bearer bonds.
Esposito : Are these your bearer bonds, Mr. Beaumont?
UNK: Uh, no... No.
Ryan : Do you know where your daughter could've gotten them?
UNK: Charles?
UNK: No. I'm sorry. We can't help you.
UNK: Come on, Diane. We're done here.