Castle : Was she seeing someone else?
UNK: I just figured she had to be, but I never found out who.
Beckett : Where were you last night?
Riley : I was with my new girl.
Riley : You can ask her.
UNK: Okay, well, I'm gonna need a name to confirm that. Excuse me.
RYAN : Hey, Beckett.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, I need you to check into Madison's phone records
Beckett : and recent activity.
UNK: Look for anyone new in her life.
Ryan : You got it.
Ryan : Meantime, we located that cabbie.
Ryan : He says two female passengers saw the attack on a video call.
Ryan : They told him to call 911, and then they bolted from the cab.
Esposito : But he gave us the building where he picked the girls up
Esposito : and the doorman there ID'd them.
Beckett : Where are they now?
Ryan : Same place you are.
UNK: SCHOOL BELL RINGING
Beckett : Kris Howard? Hillary Cooper?
Hillary : It's about Madison, isn't it?
Kris : We were FaceTiming with her when it happened. It was horrifying.
Beckett : Then why didn't you call 911?
Hillary : We just panicked. We were scared.
Castle : Of what?
UNK: That we'd be next.
UNK: Next?
Castle : Did the attacker see you?
Beckett : No, but...
UNK: What?
Kris : Look, two weeks ago, this thing happened in the cafeteria...
Hillary : Hey, the principal said we're not supposed to talk about it.
UNK: Javier Esposito : About what?
Hillary : You'll have to ask him.
Assistant : The principal will be with you in just a moment.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, none of this adds up.
Beckett : What were those girls so afraid of? What happened in that cafeteria?
Castle : I'd offer a theory, but I'm too busy having detention flashbacks.
Beckett : You must have spent a lot of time in this hallway.
Castle : More than I did in class.
Beckett : Bet that principal hated you.
Castle : I'm wondering if hate's a strong enough word.
UNK: Principal Dunnan had to hire a crane to get that cow off the roof.
Castle : But I'm sure that old battle-ax has long since retired. CHUCKLES
Castle : Put out to pasture, so to speak.
UNK: Is that a bovine reference, Mr. Rodgers?
UNK: Principal Dunnan, you're, uh, still here.
Dunan : And sadly, you have returned.
UNK: I see you've managed to extricate yourself
Dunan : from a life of delinquency, Mr. Rodgers, and become a writer.
Dunan : Of sorts.
Castle : Actually, it's Mr. Castle now.
UNK: You'll always be "Rodgers" to me.
UNK: Yeah, we need to ask you a few questions about Madison Beaumont.
UNK: That's a terrible business.
UNK: It's a real tragedy for the entire Faircroft family.
Beckett : Two of her friends, Kris Howard and Hillary Cooper,
Beckett : witnessed the murder over FaceTime, but they're not willing to talk.
Beckett : We need to know why.
Castle : Apparently it's related to something that happened in the cafeteria recently.
UNK: Mr. Dunnan?
Dunan : I'll tell you, but you have to agree not to make any of this public.
Dunan : It will damage the school's reputation.
Beckett : We are in the middle of a murder investigation.
Beckett : You're not exactly in the position to bargain here.
Dunan : Very well.
UNK: WHISPERING I'm surprised he can use a computer.
Dunan : I'm old, not deaf, Mr. Rodgers.
Dunan : And undaunted by technology.
Dunan : Two weeks ago, a student captured this event on his cell phone.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : - Event? - Yes.
Dunan : I removed the video from his phone.