Beckett : Charles Beaumont. Madison's father?
UNK: Madison must've heard about the bonds from her dad,
Esposito : where Chen was hiding them and how much they were worth.
Castle : That's a huge score for a budding thief.
Beckett : And if Chen found out that his lawyer's little girl stole $2.3 million from him...
Esposito : It would be motive to bash her skull against the ceiling.
UNK: Yo, Beckett. We got a problem.
Esposito : Chen's gone.
Beckett : He went into hiding?
UNK: He put his house on the market and he moved out yesterday.
Beckett : That doesn't sound like the actions of an innocent man. Where did he go?
Ryan : We're trying to track him down, but no one in his family is talking.
Esposito : Ryan's bringing in his realtor right now to see if she knows where he went.
Realtor : No. I have no idea where he is.
Realtor : All I know is he was willing to take a huge loss to close immediately.
Realtor : He just wanted the house out of his name and the cash in his account.
Ryan : Where were you supposed to send the money?
Realtor : He gave me a routing number, to a bank in China.
UNK: Did he give you any reason why he was looking to unload so quickly?
Realtor : No, he said he needed the money for business reasons,
Realtor : but I could tell he was hiding something.
Realtor : It's my job to know everything about every home I sell.
Realtor : So I asked around.
Realtor : Apparently Mr. Chen is very superstitious,
Realtor : and according to the neighbors, something happened.
UNK: What?
Realtor : I don't know what they're putting in the water out there,
Realtor : but according to the next-door neighbor,
Realtor : something chased Mr. Chen and his men out of the house a few nights ago.
UNK: What do you mean "something"?
UNK: Something. As in...
Ryan : A ghost?
UNK: This neighbor said that he looked out his window
Realtor : and all of the patio furniture was flying around the yard.
Realtor : It scared the hell out of Mr. Chen.
Realtor : He and his men left the house and he never returned.
Realtor : Obviously, that detail was left out of the listing.
Beckett : So, Chen didn't just leave his house, he left the country.
UNK: TSA confirms that he was on a flight to Shanghai
Beckett : when Madison was murdered.
Beckett : He's not our killer.
Castle : Tell me again why he left the country?
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
UNK: What?
Ryan : You're not going to want to hear this, but I followed up with Chen's neighbors.
UNK: Now, several confirmed
Ryan : seeing what can only be described as a telekinetic event
Ryan : at Chen's property three nights ago.
Castle : And remind me how stolen German bearer bonds
Castle : have nothing to do with telekinesis?
UNK: There's a logical explanation, okay?
UNK: I'd love to hear it.
Beckett : Okay, fine. Madison knew that those bonds are in Chen's house,
Beckett : her father is, after all, his lawyer. Um...
UNK: So, she's looking for the next big score, she decides to scope out the house,
Beckett : except Chen's guards are around all the time.
Beckett : So, knowing that Chen is superstitious,
Beckett : she stages a supernatural event to scare everyone out of the house.
UNK: That's actually really logical.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : But what about the other events? The cafeteria?
UNK: Dry run, to see if she can pull it off.
Castle : And her own death. Did she stage that, too?
UNK: Ah.
Beckett : Okay, fine. All right. You're right. Madison couldn't have done this alone.
Beckett : So someone else was involved.
Beckett : You know what, Madison had to have had a partner.
Castle : You're right, a partner with telekinetic abilities.
Beckett : Or someone with the ability to fake it.
Beckett : And when Madison wouldn't share, the partner went after her.
Beckett : So, we find Madison's partner, we'll find the killer.
Esposito : Hey, just heard back from CSU.
Esposito : They recovered a number of prints from Chen's house.
Esposito : Matched a set to Madison.
Castle : And to Jordan?
Esposito : Not yet, but they're still in process.
Esposito : They also examined the patio
Esposito : where Chen's furniture earned its frequent flyer miles
UNK: and found shoe prints with traces of blue iridescent spray paint on them.
Castle : Let me guess. Cerulean blue.