UNK: Richard Castle : Shall I put on a little music?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Are you trying to get me in the mood, Castle?
Castle : Yes, I am.
Castle : In the mood to select one of these amazing wedding bands.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I've weeded out the hacks and selected five finalists.
UNK: A band? What's a party without a DJ?
Castle : That's rhetorical, right?
Beckett : Come on, Castle. I don't want some cheesy bandleader
Beckett : trying to imitate Sinatra
Beckett : when we're dancing our first dance to Witchcraft.
UNK: I want OI' Blue Eyes himself.
UNK: Yeah, but, sadly, he's not available.
Beckett : No, but his recordings are, via a DJ.
Castle : Can we go back a second? Why would we be dancing to Witchcraft?
UNK: - Because it's our song. - Since when?
UNK: Since we sang it at the karaoke bar in the Hamptons last summer.
Castle : I thought our song
Castle : was Bruce Springsteen's Dancing in the Dark.
Castle : Since when?
UNK: Since I had The Boss pull you on stage Courteney-Cox-style at The Beacon.
UNK: - Do we not have a song? - Do we not have a song?
Castle : We must have a song.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Looks like they're playing it now.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Murder at Sutton Place.
Castle : Fancy address for a homicide.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Fancy family.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Our victim, Madison Beaumont.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : She was a senior at...
Castle : Faircroft Preparatory Academy. I recognize the crest.
Castle : One of the many schools I attended on my road to greatness.
Beckett : Okay, so, there's signs of struggle.
Beckett : Looks like Madison put up a fight.
Beckett : Was she here alone?
UNK: Yeah. Parents were gone for the evening.
Ryan : Mother's a designer, father's some high-powered defense attorney.
Beckett : Forced entry?
UNK: Nope. Nothing's missing either, so probably wasn't a burglary gone wrong.
UNK: Is that blood, up there on the rafter?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Yes, and it's hers.
Castle : How'd it get up there?
Ryan : Well, as far as we can tell,
Ryan : our killer threw Madison up there.
Lanie : Which is probably what killed her. She has a major intracranial injury.
Castle : She was thrown against the ceiling?
Castle : That is a superhuman feat, bordering on physically impossible.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Let's hear it.
Beckett : What's your outlandish theory?
Castle : Isn't it obvious?
Castle : Madison made the Hulk angry.
Lanie : Well, Hulk or no Hulk, liver temp puts the time of death
Lanie : somewhere between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 tonight.
UNK: Which fits with our 911 call. Call came in at 9 : 08 from a cabbie
UNK: saying that someone was being attacked at this address.
UNK: The cabbie, did he witness the murder?
Ryan : We're still not clear on that. We're trying to track him down.
Ryan : Meanwhile, Espo's talking with Madison's family back at the precinct.
UNK: If only we had stayed home instead of going to dinner.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : We wanted to give Madison her space.
UNK: We've been fighting a lot.
UNK: Javier Esposito : About what?
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Her not studying, her not talking to us.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Normal teenage stuff.
ESPOSITO : I have to ask.
Esposito : Do you know of anybody who might want to hurt your daughter?
UNK: Mr. Beaumont : No, of course not.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Madison had so many friends.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Her favorite thing to do was plan events for everyone to enjoy.
UNK: The Winter Ball is in two days.
Esposito : We think whoever did this had to be unusually strong.
Esposito : Muscular, maybe. Do you know of anybody in her life...
Madison : Oh, my God. Charles, what about Riley?
Esposito : Who's Riley?
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Riley Mitchum. Her ex-boyfriend.
UNK: Mrs. Beaumont : Madison broke up with him last month. He didn't take it well.
BECKETT : Riley Mitchum. According to the Faircroft football website,
UNK: he's 6'2" and 210 pounds.
Beckett : There's your Hulk, Castle.
UNK: Though murder is at odds with the values instilled in a Faircroft man.
Castle : I haven't been back here since I was a senior.
Beckett : So this is where you graduated, huh?
Castle : Well, I would have, if it wasn't for the fact
Castle : that one night, my buddies and I sneaked in
UNK: and pushed a cow up 12 flights of stairs, onto the roof.
UNK: - BECKETT : A cow? Really? - Yep.
Beckett : So, what happened? Did you guys get expelled?
Castle : No. Just me. I wasn't connected like my buddies were.
Castle : I was the scholarship kid, so I got the boot.
UNK: Well, I think you turned out all right.
Castle : Me, too.
UNK: Riley Mitchum : Man, this is awful. Madison was, like, my first love.
Beckett : It must have hurt when she broke up with you.
UNK: Wait, you guys got it all wrong. I broke up with her.
Beckett : Not according to her mom.
Riley : Her parents didn't have a clue, okay?
UNK: A couple of months ago,
Riley : Madison started going out at all times of the night.
Riley : She wouldn't tell me what she was up to.