House : If I was kidding, I'd be dressed like you.
Cuddy : You're fine. A nurse will sign you out.
House : Go home, have fun, relax. I'm probably just a nut case.
House : Tilt your head back.
House : Get your things and go.
Cuddy : You need to rest. I'm admitting you.
UNK: Bus Driver : I can't get up!
UNK: Bus Driver : I can't move my legs!
House : Your legs are not your biggest problem.
House : Your biggest problem is I don't know what your biggest problem is.
House : So, we have the who but not the what.
Taub : We've only got one symptom to go on.
Taub : Sudden onset paralysis.
House : We actually have two symptoms.
Foreman : Only one that we remember.
UNK: You did a full work-up on the guy.
UNK: Did you find anything? CT ruled out subdural hematoma,
Kutner : stroke, or subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Thirteen : Guillain-Barré fits.
House : Just trying to figure out what Guillain-Barré looks like.
Thirteen : You can't just eliminate everything
Thirteen : because it doesn't match what you might have seen.
House : How about because it doesn't match what I could have seen?
House : Guillain-Barré has no external physical manifestations.
Foreman : Everything has some external physical manifestations.
Foreman : And you're obsessive enough to notice any of them.
Foreman : Which means there's nothing we can rule out.
Kutner : Elevated white count. Means transverse myelitis...
Taub : Sudden paralysis while driving a bus.
Taub : That's the sort of subtle clue that only a genius would have noticed.
Kutner : Are you sure you're feeling okay?
Thirteen : Where are you going?
House : To smell a bus. Obviously.
Foreman : Yeah, I'll start him on antibiotics in case it's transverse myelitis.
Foreman : You guys go sniff a city bus.
Thirteen : Why are you smelling the passengers' clothes?
House : Smell is the most powerful evokerater of memory.
House : I need to get back on that bus.
Taub : Okay. So why are you taking so much Vicodin?
House : If Cuddy asks, blocking the pain helps focus the memory.
Thirteen : You split your head open. You should rest.
UNK: Anything? Hint of
House : exploded bus.
Taub : House, that's four Vicodin in forty seconds. At this rate...
House : Wish me luck.
House : I'm going in, Rambo style.
UNK: House, do you think this is gonna work, or are you just stoned?
House : Both, apparently.
UNK: Bus Driver : You're wrong. It's not working.
House : So you're saying I'm not here?
UNK: If it was a real memory, you'd be limping and you wouldn't be talking to me.
UNK: Bus Driver : I'm obviously a hallucination.
House : Okay, so I went a little heavy on the Vicodin.
UNK: Better hope so. 'Cause otherwise, means your brain's bleeding.
House : We're both in my head. You'd think one of us would have noticed the blood.
UNK: Bus Driver : Why haven't you had a head CT yet?
House : Who do you want me to treat? Me or you? Did you have a seizure?
UNK: Bus Driver : Dumb question. The brain's too fried during a seizure to form memories.
House : Dumb answer. I wasn't asking you, I was asking me,
House : because you've already proven that you're not here.
UNK: I'm getting a headache. Is that a clue?