UNK: Bus Driver : Again, I'm not here. You're getting a headache.
UNK: Bus Driver : Stop arguing with a hallucination and get some treatment.
UNK: Mystery Woman : He can't.
UNK: The hallucination is your messed-up brain's way of reasoning out a problem.
House : You weren't on the bus.
UNK: Mystery Woman : How do you know?
UNK: Five-hundred-dollar shoes? Not on the Princeton cross-town.
UNK: Mystery Woman : Must be another reason why I'm here.
House : Yes. What do you have to tell me?
House : I was talking to the passengers on the bus.
Wilson : You were hallucinating. You're getting an MRI.
Wilson : Stop fidgeting.
House : If you haven't found the bleed yet, it can't be...
Wilson : There's edema and localized swelling in the section of the temporal lobe
Wilson : that controls short-term memory.
Wilson : Also, the penis size cortex is set to "pathetic. "
Wilson : What didn't you say out loud?
House : Very little.
Wilson : When you were under hypnosis,
Wilson : you were talking to Amber.
House : I wanted to see her naked.
Wilson : Seriously, what were you hiding?
House : I want to see her naked.
Wilson : You want to see everyone naked. Why would you hide that?
House : Some guys get upset when you objectify their girlfriends.
UNK: But if you're okay, I got a digital video camera, so we could...
Wilson : Why would I be upset that you're treating my girlfriend
Wilson : like you treat every other woman on the planet?
UNK: Unless you're not.
Wilson : Unless it's deeper than that.
Wilson : You weren't objectifying her.
House : Trust me, I want to do some very nasty, demeaning stuff to your girlfriend.
Wilson : You have feelings for her.
Wilson : This is bad.
Cuddy : It's a longitudinal fracture of the temporal bone.
House : I banged my head.
Cuddy : This isn't just a boo-boo.
UNK: I'll rest once I figure out what's wrong with this guy.
Wilson : Why? Why this guy?
Wilson : You want patients with weird, undiagnosed symptoms?
Wilson : You get five files like that on your desk every morning.
Wilson : And you'd never risk your life for them.
UNK: Why is this guy so special that all of a sudden you've become Batman?
House : I don't know.
Cuddy : Maybe it's because you have a cracked skull and you're not yourself.
Cuddy : Go home, go to sleep.
UNK: Bus Driver : My legs are holding.
Thirteen : Good. Now put all your weight on your right leg.
Thirteen : The antibiotics are working. It's TM.
UNK: It's 2 : 00 in the morning.
Foreman : You should be home resting what's left of your bruised brain.
House : Recovery's too fast.
Thirteen : What, the fact that he's getting better is evidence that we're wrong?
UNK: Bus Driver : I need to sit.
Foreman : Recovery slow enough for you now?
UNK: Bus Driver : It's my stomach.
UNK: Which means it's not tranverse myelitis.
UNK: Rapid onset, could be a perforated ulcer.
House : Wouldn't explain the paralysis.
UNK: Addison's. From a tumor.
House : It's possible that I saw his eyelids droop.
Foreman : We've scanned his head five times.
Dancer : You're bleeding.
House : Little thing called a bus crash.
House : Just a scalp laceration. It could be hidden in his optic chiasm.
Foreman : It's coming from your ear.
Foreman : Think that's a good thing?
House : But that would have affected his eyesight.
House : I need to take a bath.
Thirteen : Hallucinations and smells were kind of working, right? Why the bath?
UNK: Hypnosis gave me the nose picker. Smells set off hallucinations.
House : Sensory deprivation should get the brain into an alpha-theta phase.
House : Didn't you see Altered States?
Thirteen : I don't think I was even born when that movie was out.
House : Then you're too young to be a doctor. That movie was released in 1980.
UNK: That was 28 years ago.
House : No it wasn't. Shut up.
Thirteen : Did you just forget what year it is?
House : No, I just remembered how old I am.
House : I need to give my brain time to transition so I can embrace my inner monkey.
UNK: Or maybe I don't. Get me some physostigmine.
House : It crosses the blood-brain barrier.
Thirteen : And act like a nerve gas, stop your heart, you'll go to heaven and be omniscient.
UNK: Good idea. Not gonna happen.
House : Don't do anything. Even if I escape, eat a goat or get shot by police.
UNK: "Wasn't born yet" means I won't be entertained by further reference.
Cuddy : I didn't know you rode the bus.
House : I used to drive home after getting drunk, but some mothers got mad-d.
House : What are you doing here? You weren't on the bus with me.
Cuddy : Then I guess this isn't a memory. It's a fantasy.
House : If it's a fantasy, you'd be wearing this.
Cuddy : You're convinced your patient is dying
UNK: and you wanna waste your time with a sex fantasy?
House : Don't blame me, blame my gender.
Cuddy : Well, I'm not here to indulge that.
Cuddy : I'm here to help you figure out what symptom you saw.
Cuddy : Your patient was driving the bus, so all you could see...
House : Why can't you do both?