Hunt : We should be safe here for now.
Castle : Where did you get these?
UNK: That's not important.
Hunt : Now what's important is we get her back.
Castle : I don't even know you. Why would you care?
Hunt : It's my job. I was sent.
UNK: By whom? The El-Masris?
Hunt : What's the difference?
Castle : You need to tell me who hired you
Castle : and why these people took my daughter.
Hunt : That's yours.
Hunt : You want to get it?
Castle : How's it mine? You shot mine.
UNK: It's a clone. It's how I tracked you.
Hunt : Difference is, that one's secure.
Hunt : It's probably Beckett.
Hunt : You ought to let her know you're safe.
Castle : It's not Beckett. It's a local number.
Castle : Alexis. Alexis?
UNK: Gregor Volkov : I'm afraid not, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Gregor Volkov : But I am the one holding her.
UNK: Gregor Volkov : If you value her life,
UNK: Gregor Volkov : you will give the phone to the man standing next to you.
UNK: Gregor Volkov : The one responsible for all the bloodshed in the woods.
UNK: Yeah.
Volkov : It's you.
Volkov : After all these years, it's finally you.
Hunt : Time to let her go, Volkov.
Volkov : The way you let Anna go?
UNK: No.
Volkov : It's time to end things.
Volkov : A life for a life.
UNK: Tomorrow, 6 : 00 a.m.,
UNK: outside the Palais Bourbon.
UNK: If you show, I'll spare her.
Volkov : But if you don't,
UNK: I will put the bullet in her brain instead of yours.
Volkov : And we start again.
Castle : This is about you?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I don't understand.
Castle : What does this have to do with Alexis? Why would they take her?
Hunt : Because I was careless.
UNK: Because, somehow, he found out who she was, who you were,
Hunt : and he knew I'd come for her.
Castle : Why? Why would you come for her?
UNK: Because she's my granddaughter.
UNK: Richard,
Hunt : I'm your father.
Castle : You're telling me you're a spy?
UNK: "Intelligence asset" is the term.
Castle : My dad's a spy.
Castle : Does my mom know?
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Hunt : What'd she tell you about me?
Castle : Uh... That it was a special night,
Castle : she was in love,
Castle : she woke up the next morning, you were gone.
Castle : She never saw you again.
UNK: You know, that night,
UNK: I'd just finished a job at the UN.
Hunt : At least I thought I had.
UNK: And the next day things went south.
Hunt : I had to get out of the city fast.
Hunt : It was a year before I was stateside again.
Hunt : That's when I found out about you.
Castle : You've known about me, about us, all of these years,
Castle : and you never once let us know you were out there?
Hunt : What I do means no communication, no relationships, to anyone.
Hunt : But, hey, I've been around. We've met before.
UNK: Yeah.
Hunt : When you were about 10 years old, your mother took you to the library
Hunt : and you were looking for a book, and I gave you a copy of...
Castle : Casino Royale.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : That was you?
Castle : That book made me want to become a writer.
UNK: I couldn't believe it when I read your first spy novel.
UNK: You've read my books?
Hunt : Oh, yeah. I greased some wheels at the CIA
Hunt : when you were trying to get access to some information for research.
Hunt : I know that's not much,
Hunt : but for a minute there it made me feel like a father.
UNK: Now, I've been checking on you
Hunt : and your mom and Alexis your whole lives.
Castle : This man who has my daughter, who is he?
Hunt : Gregor Volkov.
Hunt : KGB's most feared agent.
Hunt : I killed his wife, Anna, a counter-intelligence operative,
UNK: 12 years ago in an operation here in Paris.
Hunt : The first time he came after me,
UNK: I put him away in a Chechen prison for life.
UNK: Then he escaped and he's been trying to figure out a way
Hunt : to draw me out ever since.
Castle : If this was about Alexis, why would he take the other girl?
Hunt : Because if he just took Alexis, it wouldn't be international news.
UNK: He needed somebody high-profile.
Hunt : He needed me to know.
Hunt : And now he's got me exactly where he wants me.
Hunt : If I don't show up tomorrow, he will kill her.
Castle : And if you do show up?
Hunt : He'll kill us both just for fun.
Castle : If you know me at all, you know I'll do anything.
Hunt : You know, our only advantage is Volkov doesn't know I've found him.
Hunt : He may not be prepared for a direct assault.
Hunt : If I can get inside his compound, I can get Alexis out.
Hunt : A direct assault?
Hunt : This is our best shot, her best shot.
Hunt : But we need a tactical advantage.
UNK: See, I can't do this alone.