UNK: That's him. That's Ahmed.
Castle : This doesn't even seem real.
UNK: It's like some kind of show.
UNK: Ahmed!
Harris : Get the Paris Police on the phone now!
UNK: No, no, no, no, no, no! Wait. Wait!
Anwar : No, no!
UNK: Well, where are they? Where are the girls?
Anwar : He has her. She's safe.
Castle : Where's Alexis?
Beckett : Agent Harris just spoke with Sara.
Beckett : She and Alexis were separated after the escape attempt.
Beckett : And that was the last time that she saw her.
Castle : They got what they wanted. She's of no value anymore.
Beckett : You don't know that.
Castle : Yes, I do.
UNK: Where you going?
Castle : To tell my mother. She doesn't know yet.
Beckett : I'll go with.
UNK: No.
Castle : I need to do this alone.
Harris : Castle may be right.
Harris : Sara was the objective. Alexis is just a liability now.
Beckett : Then why didn't they bring her to the exchange?
Harris : Same reason they took her. A bargaining chip.
Harris : Insurance in case something went wrong.
Gates : Insurance they don't need anymore.
Harris : We'll keep moving forward,
Harris : but we have to manage expectations now.
Beckett : Agent Harris, I'm not going to manage expectations.
Beckett : I'll be solving a murder.
Beckett : The girls' kidnapper, Roger Henson, was tortured and killed,
Beckett : most likely by the people that hired him.
Beckett : We find those people, we will find Alexis.
Beckett : Castle, it's me again. Can you just call me when you get this?
UNK: He's still not answering?
UNK: No.
Beckett : - Thanks. - You're welcome.
Esposito : Any luck on the dead guy?
UNK: Henson's been completely off the grid. I can't even find a known address.
Esposito : All right, here's what I don't get.
Esposito : How does a mid-level narcotics smuggler
Esposito : get hooked up with a bunch of Middle Eastern radicals?
Beckett : Espo, I can't find a connection if I don't even know where to start.
Beckett : How are you guys doing on the planes?
Esposito : Ryan and I have been through every flight plan
Esposito : of every private jet that's departed from here to Albany,
Esposito : and only a couple of them filed flight plans for France.
Esposito : So far, they all seem legit.
UNK: So Ryan and I are gonna expand our search in the morning.
UNK: Kate.
UNK: What?
Esposito : You should go.
Esposito : He needs you.
UNK: Kate!
Martha : Thank God.
Martha : Is there any news?
Beckett : No, not yet. But we are doing everything that we can.