Hunt : His men will move to the front to respond to my attack.
Hunt : You move to the back,
Hunt : through these doors, and right down this corridor.
UNK: And what about his men? What if they try to stop us?
Hunt : Don't let them.
UNK: Hunt voiceover : Just keep moving until you hit the back door
UNK: 'cause I'll be coming in the front.
UNK: Hunt voiceover : Don't stop running, ever.
UNK: Hunt voiceover : Not until you reach the U.S. Embassy.
Hunt : And once you reach the Embassy,
Hunt : ask for Deputy Chief of Missions Jim Aldacott.
Hunt : He'll provide you both with an official cover story.
Hunt : One that credits Interpol and the French police
Hunt : and doesn't include me.
Castle : What happens to you after?
Hunt : Assuming we're both not killed? I disappear.
Castle : No, but we just...
Hunt : That's the job. That's my life.
UNK: Yeah, but we just met.
Castle : I mean, I got a lot of questions. A lot of things I wanna say.
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I don't...
Castle : I need to have more time.
Hunt : Maybe we can do that sometime. Some day.
Castle : How will I know if you made it?
Hunt : Oh, you won't. Not officially, at least.
Hunt : I know this has been tough for you, Richard,
Hunt : and I just want you to know, son,
Hunt : I've always been proud of you.
UNK: Always.
Alexis : I have never in my life been so happy to be home.
UNK: Amen.
Alexis : I know we're not supposed to talk about what really happened,
UNK: but thank you, for everything.
UNK: Hey, it's what fathers do.
Alexis : You think he made it out?
Castle : I wish I knew.
Hunt : You ready?
UNK: Oh!
Martha : You're back!
Martha : You're back!
UNK: It's great to be home.
Beckett : I'm so glad you're okay.
Beckett : Please don't do anything like that again without me.
Castle : I won't.
Alexis : It's okay, Gram. I'm okay.
Beckett : Hi, honey.
UNK: Come here.
UNK: You are brilliant, just...
UNK: Everybody must be starving. Come on. I've made breakfast.
UNK: Oh...
Castle : Mother, what's this?
Martha : Oh, it came for you this morning. Why?
Martha : Is it important?
UNK: Mom,
Castle : there's something I want to tell you.