Henri : Acoustic tiles, office space close to a rooftop.
Henri : Might fit the bill.
Castle : - I'm coming. - No, no, no.
Henri : - It might not be the place. - I don't care.
UNK: It could be the place.
Castle : My daughter, my money. I'm coming.
Castle : They were here.
Henri : Not anymore.
Henri : This is not the work of typical kidnappers.
Henri : The place is clean. It's too clean.
UNK: This is tradecraft.
UNK: Tradecraft, as in spies?
Henri : Whoever is behind this has intelligence training.
Henri : They left no trace.
Castle : So how do we find them?
Castle : - You said you could find... - Shh.
Henri : They're listening.
Henri : So if the cops find this place, they'll stay ahead of the investigation.
Castle : Who are these people?
Henri : Let's find out.
Henri : I know you're out there.
Henri : I know you're listening, so you know I'm not a cop.
Henri : I'm not interested in you, your cause,
Henri : or the law.
Henri : All we want is the girl.
Henri : You got what you wanted.
Henri : Now she's meaningless to you, but not to me.
Henri : So if you're smart,
Henri : you call, we discuss terms.
Henri : But if you're stupid,
Henri : then I will come for you.
Henri : I expect by now you have run voice recognition,
Henri : so you know who I am, you know my reputation
Henri : and you know what I will do when I find you.
Henri : The choice is yours.
Castle : Without the father?
Henri : Don't you see? This is good news.
Henri : They want to negotiate. That means she's safe.
Castle : You're not having that meeting without me.
Henri : You are emotionally compromised. That makes you like an animal to them.
Henri : Unpredictable and dangerous.
UNK: The Mole : Monsieur Castle,
Henri : this is what I do.
UNK: This is what you pay me for.
Henri : Now let me meet with them. Let me negotiate the terms.
UNK: And of course, they will ask for more money.
Henri : I need to know.
Henri : How much can you afford?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : One of Henson's neighbors saw someone
UNK: leave his apartment two days back.
Esposito : We just got the sketch.
Esposito : It's the same dude who was spotted leaving the farmhouse
UNK: where Henson's body was found.
Beckett : First he tortures Henson,
Beckett : and then he trashes his place.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Where are you with Henson's hard drive?