UNK: Alexis!
Beckett : - Where are you? - I don't know.
Alexis : They're coming. They found out we're gone.
Castle : Get out of there now!
UNK: Can you tell where the call was coming from?
UNK: The call originated from a cell tower in Paris, France.
UNK: Help...
UNK: No! No! Get off me!
UNK: Richard Castle : They're in another country. How is that possible?
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : We don't know.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : But clearly the kidnappers were working for outside interests.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : The voices on the call have been identified as Egyptian.
Castle : This isn't a kidnapping for ransom,
Castle : is it?
Castle : Why are they in Paris?
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I don't know.
Castle : They took your daughter there, and my daughter along with her.
Castle : There must be a reason.
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I don't know!
Castle : They're covering their tracks.
Castle : - Why? - Please.
UNK: Lina El-masri : They have our daughter, too.
Harris : Show them the sketch.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : A neighbor spotted this man coming out of the farmhouse driveway
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : after the girls were taken.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Do either of you recognize him?
Anwar : No, he's not familiar.
Beckett : So what's our next step?
Harris : The Skype call was made over a cellular data network,
Harris : so we have isolated the signal to a 30-square-kilometer area.
UNK: Thirty square kilometers is the whole city.
Harris : I know.
UNK: But hopefully an analysis of the video will give us a clue
Harris : as to where they're being held.
Harris : In the meantime, we're reaching out to the Embassy to establish...
Castle : Reaching out? What does that mean?
Harris : There are certain protocols we have to follow before we can move forward.
Harris : Permissions we have to get.
Castle : And how long will that take?
Harris : A day or two at the most.
Harris : A day or...
Castle : Our daughters are out there right now. They need our help right now!
Harris : If you want to help your daughter,
UNK: you're gonna have to be patient.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : She sounded so scared.
Castle : I could hear it in her voice, just like when she was a little girl.
Castle : And there was nothing I could do.
Beckett : She wasn't hurt, Castle.
Beckett : That's what matters.
Beckett : That's what we hold on to.
Castle : I just want her home.
Beckett : We're not giving up yet.
UNK: Hey!
Gates : They just called El-Masri with terms.
Harris : It's too soon. We can't be in position in time.
Anwar : I don't care. I'm getting her back.
Castle : What did they say?
Harris : It was a ransom demand.
UNK: $15 million, from anti-Mubarak dissidents.
Harris : They set an exchange three hours from now.
UNK: Where?
Harris : In Paris. Down by the Seine.
Harris : Mr. El-Masri, you have to let me contact the local authorities.
UNK: No! They were clear.
Anwar : They see police, my daughter dies.
Anwar : We'll pay to get her back.
Castle : Did they...
Castle : Did they say anything about Alexis?
Lina : Anwar insisted.
Lina : And they've agreed to release both our daughters.
Castle : If there is anything I owe you...
Anwar : You owe me nothing.
Gates : If the police aren't involved, then who's making the drop?
Anwar : My wife has a sister living in Paris. Her husband will do the exchange.
Anwar : Now if you'll excuse us, we have many calls to make.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Let us pray these men are honorable.
Harris : There are security cameras covering that portion of the Seine.
Harris : At the very least, maybe we can get a tap in,
Harris : see who these guys are.
UNK: Tech Guy : Sir, we're live.
Harris : Any activity?
UNK: Tech Guy : Looks deserted so far.
UNK: There!
Harris : Can you get any closer?