Martha : Well, where's Richard?
Beckett : I thought that he was with you.
UNK: No. He told me he was gonna be with you, working on the case.
Beckett : Martha, I haven't seen him all day.
Martha : Oh, no.
Beckett : - What? - No!
Martha : It's gone.
Beckett : What's gone?
UNK: It's so stupid. It's just stupid.
Beckett : Martha, what's going on?
UNK: Pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.
UNK: Castle.
Martha : Richard, where are you?
Castle : I'm at the precinct with Beckett. Why?
Martha : Don't lie to me, Richard.
Martha : Beckett is here, your passport is gone.
Martha : Now what the hell do you think you're doing?
Castle : Getting my daughter back.
Esposito : Paris? What the hell is he doing in Paris?
Beckett : He thinks that he can find her.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What, so he's Liam Neeson, now?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Liam Neeson? Dude's barely Ashley Judd.
UNK: In the state that he's in, who knows what he's capable of?
Beckett : But he says that he knows someone that can help.
Esposito : You gonna go after him?
Beckett : And lose a day flying out there, and another one tracking him down
Beckett : in a place that I don't have jurisdiction or authority?
UNK: No.
UNK: Look, he's acting like a father,
UNK: and I have to act like a cop.
UNK: Can you circle back with Feds,
Beckett : have them widen the search to any private jets flying out
Beckett : to anywhere in Europe?
Beckett : And, Ryan, I'm hitting a wall with Roger Henson.
Beckett : You think you can reach out to your guys in Narcotics?
Beckett : Maybe they heard something on the streets.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Look, you guys, I don't know who Castle thinks he knows,
Beckett : but let's find his daughter before he does something stupid
Beckett : and gets himself killed.
UNK: Richard?
Castle : Hello, Gaston.
Gaston : Richard, I am so terribly sorry.
Gaston : If there's anything I can do...
Castle : You're still working as an advisor to the Ministry of Defense, right?
Gaston : Yes. But that gives me very little pull with the Police nationale.
Gaston : I can make inquiries, though.
UNK: No, I appreciate it,
UNK: but I'm not really looking for a bureaucratic runaround.
Castle : When you were advising me on those last few Derrick Storm novels,
Castle : you mentioned a man that the French government would sometimes hire
Castle : when they couldn't afford to take "official" action.
Gaston : Ricky, I told you that in confidence.
Castle : But he exists?
Gaston : It is one thing to write about these characters
Gaston : from the safety of your own desk,
Gaston : but men like this,
Gaston : they are not the kind of people you ever want to know.
Castle : Beatrice, she must be, what, 14 now?
UNK: Patrice going on nine?
Castle : I want you to think about how it feels when you hug them.
UNK: That look in their eye when you come home.
Castle : Now imagine them gone.
Gaston : He's expensive.
Anwar : I don't care.
Castle : Gaston, please.
Gaston : Stay close to your phone.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : They didn't fly to Paris. At least not at first.
Esposito : FAA shows a Dassault Falcon
Esposito : departing Teterboro to Brussels 18 hours after the girls were taken.
Esposito : The plane was then designated a medical Angel Flight,
Esposito : transporting two young women awaiting organ transplant
Esposito : from Brussels to Paris.
Beckett : Alexis and Sara.
UNK: French lmmigration met the plane and processed the girls
Esposito : before they were loaded onto an ambulance.
Esposito : They were both unconscious at the time.
Gates : That's how they did it.
Beckett : What do we know about the plane?
UNK: It's owned by one of those Russian oligarchs, Vladimir Abramovich.
Beckett : And how is he connected to the El-Masris?
Anwar : He's not.
Esposito : In fact, it's possible he's not even involved.
Esposito : His plane was in Paris under repairs
Esposito : and none of his people even knew it was taken.
Gates : These people stole a jet?
Beckett : For a simple hostage exchange? That doesn't add up.
Ryan : Hey, so I talked to my guys in Narcotics.
UNK: Now, they didn't seem to know much
Ryan : about what Henson had been into recently
Ryan : or where he'd been living,
Ryan : but they did know something that we didn't.
Ryan : Henson had a girlfriend.