UNK: So he has three tumors and we missed all of them.
House : What's the opposite of a miracle?
UNK: I have a better chance of finding it now that I know exactly where to look.
UNK: So...
UNK: Unless you have a better idea, I'm gonna go CT his head.
UNK: And then, if--if I have to, remove his eye.
UNK: You remove this kid's eye, he's only gonna behalf as good at not making eye contact.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Hello?
Cuddy : I have sad news for you.
Cuddy : She doesn't love you.
House : You're ugly when you're jealous.
Cuddy : She showed up at my house last night.
Cuddy : Came on to me.
House : She's even more perfect than I thought.
UNK: House.
Cuddy : She's sick.
UNK: You say "sick", I say "freestylin'".
Cuddy : The girl will have sex with an invertebrate.
House : Come on.
House : You're not that bad.
Cuddy : She has a problem.
Cuddy : You're not doing her any favors by indulging her.
House : Why would you lie like this?
UNK: Do you not have room your heart for love?
Cuddy : You don't believe me.
UNK: I didn't believe the kids when they said that Susie was sleeping with Johnny.
UNK: I didn't believe them then, I don't believe them now.
UNK: I don't care that Susie married Johnny-- he's mine.
Cuddy : She has a mole on her right breast, just below the nipple.
House : No, she doesn't.
Cuddy : You've seen her breasts?
House : It was a medical exam.
House : I was listening to her heart.
UNK: It went, "Greg-House, Greg-House, Greg-House."
Cuddy : Fine, I'm lying.
Cuddy : But she did come back.
Cuddy : She's locked up in my office.
Cuddy : I was hoping you could talk to her.
Cuddy : Put an end to this.
House : Listen to me.
House : Do you have any idea what you'd have to look forward to if you stayed with me?
House : Nine chances out of ten, we'd both wind up in a jail.
Ali : You're only saying that to make me go.
UNK: I'm saying it 'cause it's true.
House : Inside of us, we both know that you belong with Victor.
House : Is there a Victor in your class?
House : If you're not with someone your age, you'll regret it.
House : Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon.
House : And for the rest of your life.
Ali : What about us?
House : We'll always have Fresno.
House : I'm no good at being noble,
UNK: but it doesn't take much to see that the problems of two little people dot amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.
House : Someday you'll understand that.
House : Now, now.
House : Here's looking at you...
UNK: Damn.
House : Was there an earthquake when you were in Fresno?
UNK: What?
House : I ask all my girlfriends that.
Ali : Yeah, a little one.
UNK: Damn.
UNK: What?
Dominic : What, what is it?
House : It's not love.
UNK: You have a spore in your brain.
House : Coccidioides immitis.
UNK: California's full of 'em.
House : They get an earthquake, they get released into the air, you breathe it in, you get a cold...
House : Turns into sinus congestion, aches, weakness...
House : Milky tears...
House : And sometimes...
UNK: A loss of inhibition and judgment.
UNK: Damn!
UNK: So...
Ali : loving you?
Ali : Wanting to have sex with you?
UNK: It was all just...
Ali : the spores talking?
House : You'll probably live.
UNK: Damn.
UNK: Hey!
House : Don't touch his eye.
Surgeon : This is an appendectomy.
House : Like i said, don't touch his eye.
House : Why isn't he in surgery?
UNK: Well, some emergency bumped him.
UNK: We've got another room in ten minutes.
UNK: You're not taking him in.
House : Kill the lights.
UNK: He was seeing them all the time.
Foreman : What are you looking for?
UNK: And he was telling us what he was seeing.
House : Telling us exactly what was wrong with him.
House : Drawing them for us over and over again.