UNK: Painkillers, exercising.
UNK: We even did that puncture thing.
UNK: Nothing work then this morning, I get up, my back feels great.
UNK: I figured I'd betterget down here right away.
Cameron : Big shocker-- Dad's depressed.
Chase : Save your time.
Chase : Ssris don't cause chest pain.
Chase : Every minute of every day is booked.
UNK: When he eats, sleeps, plays his handheld.
Cameron : Not much of a life for them.
Chase : They chose to have a family.
UNK: You don't get to decide what your kid's gonna be like.
Cameron : Nobody chooses this.
Chase : It's funny.
UNK: You get a normal kid, the parent works.
UNK: You get a special kid that costs more, they quit and turn the backyard into a therapy circuit.
UNK: Yes,if only you were handicapped.
UNK: All the good times you could've had with dad.
UNK: Hi, Dr. House.
House : Hello ,girl whose name I don't remember, but whose dad I treated, so I don't really know why she's here.
UNK: Ali.
UNK: Um, I think I caught what my dad has.
Ali : The rhino thing.
UNK: Right.
House : Does that hurt?
Ali : A little.
UNK: It's in my chest,too.
House : Of course it is.
House : Kinda had access through the shirt.
UNK: But... this'll work.
Ali : Feels good.
UNK: Exactly when did New Jersey run out of horny 17-year-old boys?
UNK: About five weeks ago.
Ali : It's been very lonely.
Foreman : The ventilation scan was normal.
Foreman : Time to send him home.
House : Can't leave right now.
House : Well, congratulations.
House : You are the proud owner of your very own rhino thing.
Foreman : A rhinovirus-- you can't leave because she has a cold?
House : Can't leave because Cuddy says I can't leave.
Foreman : All the tests are normal.
UNK: Okay, don't start with me.
Brenda : We're backed up.
UNK: I know this is hard for all of us, but thanks to Dr. Cuddy,
House : I don't have an office.
House : So I have to work here.
Cameron : What'd she do to your office?
House : It's unusable.
UNK: So whatever is bothering him, it wasn't his lungs.
House : What about the kid's house?
Cameron : There were some pesticides and some alcohol, but the tox screen was negative.
Foreman : Which means there's nothing physically wrong with this kid.
House : We already had that discussion.
House : We get a fecal smear?
UNK: Should we do this someplace else?
UNK: No, Cuddy says I have to work here.
Cuddy : No, I said you can work in your office or you had to work here.
House : And since I can't work in my office...
Cuddy : Is this your master plan?
Cuddy : Disrupt hospital business until I replace your carpet?
UNK: Devious.
House : Saw it in a James Bond movie.
House : Fecal smear!
House : - Talk to me. - Get out of here.
UNK: - You'll put back my carpet? - No.
Cuddy : Get out of here!
House : Fecal matter.
House : Is there a sample we can look at?
UNK: Parents have the smear kit.
Foreman : The kid is constipated.
Cuddy : Do what you want.
Cuddy : Not replacing your carpet.
House : Go up his rear and get a smear.
House : Which reminds me, I kinda feel like a bagel.