UNK: The pleural fluid was an exudate.
Chase : We should be looking for something that explains both the heart and lung problems.
Chase : Infection, parasite, cancer.
Foreman : Microbiology showed no organisms in the fluid, so forget infection.
Cameron : It's not a power play.
Cameron : Doing a differential in the clinic makes sense.
Cameron : Piss Cuddy off.
Cameron : Same thing with Wilson's office.
Cameron : Works indirectly.
Cameron : But now, we are in office space.
Cameron : Because you don't want to be in your own office.
Cameron : Which means this has nothing to do with Cuddy.
Cameron : You really are obsessed with your carpets.
UNK: Which means-- What are you doing here?
UNK: I have this room booked from 2 : 00 to 3 : 00.
UNK: Oh, 2 : 00 east coast time.
House : I thought you meant Pacific.
Foreman : Which is...
House : Stupid of me, I guess.
House : What about parasites?
UNK: Stool sample was negative.
UNK: It's 2 : 00.
House : Oh, well, we should go, then.
House : That just leaves cancer.
House : Get a lung biopsy.
UNK: It took a half an hour to get the mask on the kid for the lung scan.
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry.
House : Was there somewhere you needed to be?
UNK: House.
Cuddy : Can we talk?
House : - Carpet? - Never.
House : Nothing to talk about.
Cuddy : Your girlfriend called the clinic 15 times looking for you today.
House : Lot to discuss.
UNK: China patterns-- House.
Cuddy : She's a stalker.
UNK: Right.
House : Couldn't be that she finds me interesting.
UNK: Attractive.
House : Has to be that she's insane.
Cuddy : She's called you 15 times.
Cuddy : Your mother's not that interested in you.
House : Well, maybe I'd be better adjusted if she was.
Cuddy : - I'm notifying security. - Is this about the carpet?
House : You think I'll back off if you block all my fun?
Cuddy : You better not be having fun.
House : I'm having fun.
House : I'm not having sex.
Cuddy : - She's dangerous. - She's not dangerous.
Cuddy : She's pretty.
Cuddy : She's pretty.
Cuddy : Men are stupid.
House : I'm with you so far.
Cuddy : I'm notifying security.
House : Oh, give her a break.
House : She's not dangerous, she's...
UNK: insightful.
House : You can't stop our love!
Foreman : Hey, you got a minute?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: We have a ten-year-old with pleural effusion and conduction abnormality but no heart failure.
Wilson : Was there a protein in the pleural fluid?
Foreman : Yeah, that's why we're thinking cancer.
Foreman : Non-hodgkin's, probably.
Foreman : So we want to do a lung biopsy.
Wilson : Lung biopsies usually come back negative.
Wilson : So biopsy a lymph node under the arm.
Foreman : That's probably something an oncologist should do, right?
Wilson : There's nothing real tricky to it.
UNK: It's a biopsy.
Foreman : Still, just to be safe, you mind?
House : For the love of god!
House : Can't somebody shut that kid up?
UNK: Some people are trying to work around here.
House : Why don't you show him a teddy bear or something?
Dominic : Who are you?
UNK: Somebody you'll never send a a gift to.
UNK: This is Dr. House.
Wilson : Your son's doctor.
House : High test, please.
UNK: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Wilson : Out of vicodin?
Cuddy : What are you doing?
House : Eating the red berries.