UNK: Take him to a buffet, he's gonna eat the table.
UNK: Or lead paint.
Cameron : Level of lead in the blood was normal.
Cameron : His tox screen was clean.
House : We're not looking for typical poisons.
House : We're looking for anything that he can put in his mouth.
House : Matches, spiders, bricks.
Chase : Pressure-treated wood used to contain arsenic.
House : Even better.
UNK: Hansel?
UNK: Get samples of the ginger bread house.
House : Bag everything.
UNK: You could get into a lot of trouble,being here.
Ali : I wanted to see you.
House : Yeah, I got that.
House : So did everyone else.
House : They think you're a stalker.
Ali : One could argue those people might be jealous of your attention.
UNK: Yes,I actually made that argument.
Ali : You going home?
House : That's the plan.
Ali : In Iceland, the age of consent is 14.
House : I'm surprised that tourism isn't a bigger industry up there.
Ali : So today I'm jailbait.
Ali : But in 22 weeks...
Ali : Anybody can do anything to me.
Ali : Will I be so different in 22 weeks?
House : 22 weeks is enough for an embryo to grow arms and legs.
Ali : It's just a line.
Ali : An arbitrary line drawn by a bunch of sad, old men in robes.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Who cares what judges think?
UNK: Didn't think of youas a guy who followed rules just because they were rules.
UNK: You are... over ten years younger than me.
House : I said over.
House : Gotta go!
UNK: House.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy!
House : Do you happen to know the way to the Icelandic consulate?
House : This young woman, a stranger to me, was just asking directions.
UNK: Security was gonna call the police.
Cuddy : I don't want to do that to you.
Cuddy : Go home.
House : She needed a ride.
UNK: She got her on her own, she can get home on her own.
UNK: Now.
Cuddy : And if I see you on hospital grounds again, I will call the police.
House : After that look, I'm feeling a little frisky.
House : Looks like you're up.
Cuddy : I'm ovulating. Let's go.
House : The frisky, it went away.
Cuddy : House, this isn't a game.
House : If I leave her alone, can I have my carpet back?
UNK: No.
House : If I forget about my carpet, can I have her?
UNK: Jimsonweed.
Foreman : Found a small patch of it in his backyard.
UNK: Jimsonweed contains atropine.
Foreman : Poor man's acid.
UNK: Our kid's been tripping on Lucy in the sky with cubic zirconia.
Foreman : Explains the pleural effusion, the heart arrhythmias.
Cameron : Meeting here will do nothing to upset Cuddy.
House : I'm not trying to upset Cuddy.
House : I'm trying to figure out what's wrong with the patient.
UNK: Continue.
UNK: I'm done.
UNK: Jimsonweed doesn't explain the screaming.
House : You've obviously never had a bad trip.
UNK: I would've thought you'd try to accomplish two goals at once.
UNK: Why can't you be more like the other age-in appropriate girls who have a thing for me?
House : Just accept me for me.
UNK: Continue.
UNK: Treatment for jimsonweed od is physostigmine.
Chase : Kid's got heart issues.
Chase : The two don't mix.
UNK: We'd better make sure that's what he's got.
UNK: Serum from the lab in paterson is three days, minimum.
UNK: He won't survive three days.
House : What time does he wake up?
UNK: 7 : 35 am.
Cameron : Then what?
House : Walk me through it.
UNK: 7 : 40 to 7 : 50, he goes to the toilet, washes his face.
Cameron : What does this matter?
House : I'm trying to prove he ate the plant.
UNK: His schedule has nothing to do with jimsonweed.
House : There are two possibilities-- either the parents saw him eat the plant,
UNK: or the kid has unsupervised time and eats plants instead of playing with blocks.
Chase : Even if you find 15 minutes of free time outside, doesn't mean he spent it eating a bush.
House : So what do we do?
UNK: Nothing?
House : Wait for the kid to tell us?
UNK: What?
Cameron : Where are you going?
House : To talk to him.