House : Brothers on the down-low got to.
UNK: I'm not ready for any Foreman Juniors yet.
Wilson : - You? - Working girls are sticklers.
UNK: You're not gonna poll Chase?
Chase : - I'm not an idiot. - Obviously not.
UNK: Who doesn't sleep with a drugged-out colleague when they have a chance?
Cameron : Where's Wilson?
UNK: We got the result of the Kveim test.
UNK: But so...
Kalvin : I have cancer?
Wilson : In all likelihood, yeah.
Wilson : Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Kalvin : And I am...
UNK: dying?
Wilson : We need to biopsy the tumor.
Wilson : It's near your aorta, so getting that sample carries serious risks.
Kalvin : Is my dad still here?
Wilson : He hasn't been in?
Wilson : We'll inject a dye around your heart to make the tumor visible on the CT.
Wilson : Then a surgeon inserts a guide wire, runs it up into your heart,
Wilson : where he takes a small piece of that tumor
Wilson : so we can look at it under the microscope.
Chase : - Ativan. It'll help settle you down. - Why are you so calm?
Chase : Not coming off meth helps.
Chase : Last night probably shouldn't happen again.
Cameron : Do you think I want it to?
Chase : When two people have had sex, unless it sucks,
Chase : if they can do it again, they're gonna do it again.
Chase : And that's when things get complicated.
Chase : And it didn't suck.
UNK: So now you've gotta drum up another excuse
Wilson : to be around the love of your life.
Wilson : Could hit another patient.
UNK: Yeah, don't like to repeat myself. People will say I'm formulaic.
Wilson : Well, that rules out letting the rat go so you can catch him again.
House : I can't do that.
House : Steve needs two weeks' antibiotics and a smoke-free environment.
House : Cigarettes aggravated his infection.
Wilson : The rat is actually sick? That thing could infect the entire hospital.
House : Steve's infection is not contagious to humans.
House : I'm an idiot. How do I miss mycoplasmosis?
House : Was that the kid's father?
Wilson : Yeah. Remember the Black Death? It started with rats.
UNK: Well, what's he doing in the hallway? Is the kid getting his biopsy already?
Wilson : He just won't go in the room.
Wilson : Who knows what else he has, parasites, bacterial infection?
UNK: - The kid doesn't have parasites. - Not the kid, the rat.
House : - Was he still sweating? - Rats only sweat through their tails.
House : Not the rat, the dad!
House : - Where are they from? - Montana. What's going on?
House : You were right, it's a parasite. Cancel the biopsy, it'll kill him.
House : Hey, Daddy, come with me.
UNK: Yeah, I'm not going in there.
House : Your son asked to talk to you.
Kalvin : Why is he here?
House : He wanted to talk to you.
UNK: Did you two used to hunt together? Foxes? Did you kill foxes?
Dad : It's Montana.
House : Those masses in your chest are not tumors.
House : They're parasitic cysts from a bug called echinococcus.
House : Touch a dead fox, they jump aboard, they can hunker down for decades.
House : Growing, spawning, shopping, putting on plays.
Kalvin : - I've been tested for parasites. - Okay, it's cancer. You happy?
House : The cysts isolate the parasites,
House : keeping them from showing up in stool samples. Even in blood tests, cardiac...
Dad : All right, you don't need me for this.
House : But you've got the same things in your liver.
Dad : I have cirrhosis.