UNK: The "coughing" part, not the "in Cameron" part.
House : New symptom, blood vessel ruptured in his lung.
Chase : I closed the tear.
House : Well, it takes immune reconstitution off the table.
House : What's it put on the table?
UNK: It's okay, she's not here, you can skip the nice-guy acts.
Foreman : You know, some human beings are actually capable of human feelings.
House : My giving a damn or not is not gonna change what happened.
UNK: - Could be Goodpasture's syndrome. - No edema, no bloody urine.
UNK: Well, KS on his face could mean KS in his lungs,
Foreman : with bleeding from the lesions.
Chase : I would have seen them when I repaired the tear in his lung.
Chase : Wegener's granulomatosis?
UNK: Wegener's would have responded to steroids.
Chase : Maybe you should go home, take the rest of the day.
Cameron : I'm fine.
UNK: Well, this is good.
House : He's pretending to care, you're pretending not to.
Cameron : I think we should reconsider drugs. Kalvin uses crystal meth.
House : Concerned enough about his health to stalk me,
House : while indulging in deadly street drugs. A study in contradictions.
UNK: Interesting, but still not medically relevant.
Cameron : It could be, if his drugs were tainted.
Cameron : They cook meth with battery acid, lye, lantern fuel...
House : Find Kalvin's pills, test for toxins. Foreman, you're with me.
House : - I need a consult on another case. - We have another case?
House : It's a hip-pocket deal.
House : Patient presents with a distinct neck tilt.
Foreman : - Wry neck. Is he an athlete? - He's a regular runner.
Foreman : - Any pain associated with movement? - None that he's complained of.
UNK: Best-case scenario, an infection in the ear or lungs.
UNK: Worst case, brain-stem tumor.
UNK: You should do an MRI, CAT Scan, full work up.
UNK: I don't think so. No insurance.
Cameron : No drugs in here. I'll take the bathroom.
Chase : How about a drink after work? Take your mind off what happened.
UNK: Cameron?
Cameron : I might have HIV, a drink's not gonna wash it away.
Chase : There's like zero chance of you contracting the virus.
Cameron : Big difference between "like zero" and "zero."
Chase : What did the infection control guy tell you?
Cameron : He was very reassuring.
Cameron : Kept reminding me that the hospital covers all my medical costs.
Cameron : Apparently forgot to mention that if I do test positive,
Cameron : that they'll pass it on to legal, and legal will dig up any dirt they can,
Cameron : trying to prove that I'm a drug user or tramp, and that's why I have HIV.
Chase : It's not like they're gonna find anything, right?
UNK: Right.
Chase : Check this out.
Chase : Kalvin's a photographer. The broken bulbs were props.
UNK: - The glass is from 1930s fluorescents. - Some of the bulbs are date-stamped.
Chase : Pre-World War II, fluorescent bulbs contained large amounts of beryllium.
Chase : Beryllium dust inflames the lungs, they get rigid, patient can't breathe.
Chase : My father co-authored a paper on acute berylliosis.
House : Phew! For a moment there, I thought you were smart.
UNK: Cameron, get a biopsy of Kalvin's lung tissue, run a spectrographic analysis.
Chase : I can handle it.
House : No reason to risk exposing the entire team. Then who would I torment?