UNK: If you have trouble breathing,
Cameron : you can press this button and the chamber will decompress.
Joe : - Like this? - Not now. If you have trouble.
Joe : - It's broken. - All right.
Chase : If you have problems, we'll push it for you.
Cameron : Muscle contracture.
Chase : - How bad does it hurt? - Not at all.
Joe : Looks wild, though, huh?
Chase : Your brain's not getting enough oxygen. You're losing motor function.
Chase : - We should start this right away. - Should I be scared?
Cameron : No, you probably have a carbon monoxide leak in your place.
Cameron : We have a guy there checking things out.
UNK: Sounds okay.
UNK: Female Cop : - How about the gas intake valve? - Looks great.
UNK: Female Cop : It's down in the furnace room.
House : Your system's fine. If you had a carbon monoxide leak,
House : half the force would be sick.
UNK: Female Cop : Then why are you here?
House : I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
UNK: Yeah.
House : I've got a disability.
UNK: Female Cop : - These are speeding tickets. - A lot of emergencies.
House : He's feeling better now, but you never know.
UNK: Female Cop : I'll see what we can do.
House : Where does your partner sit?
Foreman : The place is a cesspool, but I don't think I need to test for anything.
House : Nope. Waste of time.
Foreman : - You know about the marijuana? - I've heard rumors.
Foreman : The cop's acting high because he is high.
Chase : - He's got... - Legionnaires' disease.
House : It's a good thing Joe got shot
UNK: or the whole precinct would have gotten wiped out. Anarchy on the streets.
Foreman : It takes 48 hours to test for Legionnaires'.
UNK: But only two seconds to recognize that the symptoms fit
House : while staring at the rancid, unchanged water of an AC unit.
Foreman : Marijuana explains the high carboxy, the cloudy lungs and the happiness.
House : Pot doesn't explain the fact that he's gotten worse since he was admitted.
House : Why don't we agree to disagree?
House : Actually, why don't we agree that you'll disagree with me
House : while treating him for Legionnaires'? It's not as pithy, but...
Joe : I feel a lot better. The meds are working.
Foreman : Heart rate's normal. COHb levels are down. No fever.
Foreman : Take some deep breaths.
Joe : You seem disappointed.
Foreman : I'm glad you're feeling better.
Joe : - You got a problem with cops? - Please don't talk.
UNK: In my experience people who just don't like cops have a reason...
Foreman : I need you not to talk.
Foreman : No rales.
Chase : These clouded areas of the upper lobes,
Chase : they're the infiltrates we found yesterday.
UNK: - They're not there anymore? - They're clearing up.
Chase : You had Legionnaires'. Now you don't.
UNK: So, you didn't find anything at my place?
Foreman : Nothing medically relevant.
Joe : So there's nothing I need to worry about, then?
Foreman : Not this time.