Foreman : What if he used cedar wood to hide the pot smell?
UNK: Aureobasidium fungus could grow there.
House : - Did you find any cedar wood anywhere? - No, but maybe...
House : Maybe what?
UNK: Maybe somebody could go back, take a second look?
House : And why aren't you pissed off that Cameron's playing hooky
House : while your life hangs in the balance?
House : Why doesn't anyone listen to me anymore?
Cameron : - I decided you were wrong. - God, you're weak.
House : Guy steals your article, tells you you're not his friend,
UNK: and you still want to risk your life for him.
Cameron : Foreman broke my skin with a tainted needle.
Joe : - Wow! - Yeah.
House : God, you're weak.
UNK: The guy tried to kill you.
UNK: First thing on my list of things to do would be to stab him back, shoot him.
House : I've got a gun in my desk.
UNK: The last thing on my list would be to lie to my boss about it,
UNK: and then give the bastard everything he wanted.
Cameron : I'm not here for Foreman. I'm here to save myself.
House : Even with a needle stick, your chances of infection are pretty slim.
UNK: That's why you're wearing a suit.
House : You wanted to be here. He just gave you the excuse.
House : What does that guy have to do to make you hate him?
House : Give me the bag.
House : - Mildewed dishtowel. - To re-test for staph.
House : What is that? Mouse droppings?
Cameron : Hamster droppings. Could carry Toxocara. It'd explain the blindness.
House : Now that I recognize as oven crud.
Cameron : Could be meat with Trichinella. It would explain the high fever.
UNK: What's with the rye bread?
Cameron : Mold could be responsible for ergot poisoning,
UNK: which could explain the contractures.
UNK: - There are three loaves. - So?
House : You're going back in there.
UNK: A guy who lives on take-out pizza does not buy three loaves of rye.
House : That's looking too far into the future.
House : Unless he cares about something a lot more than his diet.
UNK: - Are you on the roof yet? - Yeah, I'm here.
Cameron : - I don't see any birds. - Whistle or something.
UNK: Do that "come hither" thing.
House : They came that fast because it's their behavior pattern.
House : Joe's been feeding them.
House : Now look down. Do you see a river of pigeon turd?
Cameron : No. There's barely any.
House : It's not weird, it's cheap.
UNK: Joe's a guy who looks for the easy way.
House : Probably been stealing cable from his neighbors.
House : Why not steal fertilizer from rats with wings?
UNK: You see a shovel or a dust pan?
UNK: I found a scraper. It looks used.
Cameron : Sitting on a bucket.
UNK: A bucketful of pigeon crap,
UNK: the perfect home for Cryptococcus neoformans.
UNK: Yup.
UNK: Fungus enters the brain through the sphenoidal sinus,
UNK: where it dances its triple threat
UNK: of happiness, blindness and intractable pain.
UNK: Let's hope this experience teaches our cop a lesson.
UNK: Don't cut corners when you're growing your pot.
UNK: See you back home.
Foreman : I was there.
UNK: I should have found it.