House : Run hourly checks, because when he does go blind
House : he won't be able to tell us.
House : We'll use the data to construct a timeline
UNK: so we can see how far behind Joe he is.
House : Why are you still here?
Wilson : You're being cautious.
UNK: You're being common.
Wilson : When you don't give a crap...
House : How many of your guys have caught cancer from their patients?
House : Let me know when that happens, then we can have this conversation.
Wilson : It's just another case, huh?
House : I'll bet you can even have unprotected sex with your cancer patients
UNK: without catching a damn thing.
House : Boy, I wish I had your job.
Cameron : Biopsy showed nothing.
Foreman : How can it be nothing? You cut out a piece of my brain.
Cameron : It's nothing personal. We just didn't find anything.
UNK: Can you up his morphine, for God's sake?
Cameron : He's already maxed out. 20 milligrams per hour.
Foreman : - What about toxins? - Everything was negative.
Foreman : There was a cupboard above the stove. Did you see it?
Foreman : I didn't check all the food, but could be listeriosis.
UNK: I didn't go back. Follow right.
Foreman : Who did?
Cameron : House said we shouldn't go. Too dangerous.
UNK: The answer's got to be in that apartment. Not going is too dangerous.
Cameron : - I'm sorry. - You're thankful.
Foreman : If House would've pointed at you instead of me, you'd be the one in here.
Cameron : Tell me when you can see the light.
Foreman : It's your job to go back! You're a doctor! You go where the disease is!
UNK: Say when you can see the light.
Foreman : I'm dying and you're sitting here measuring how fast I go?
Cameron : - Tell me when you can see the light. - My vision is fine!
UNK: - Your left-side periphery is reduced. - It's fine! I'll prove it!
Cameron : Ow! Son of a bitch!
UNK: Now we're both exposed.
UNK: You got two choices.
UNK: You can go tell House what just happened and get your own cot brought in here,
UNK: or you can go back to that apartment.
UNK: You save me, the cop and yourself.
Chase : It's not SSPE.
Chase : I checked your past vaccinations against Joe's. No batch matches.
UNK: Did the blood show antibodies for Coxsackievirus?
UNK: Guys, can you please shut him up?
Chase : - He's over his limit on morphine. - Where's Cameron?
UNK: She said she had some stuff to do. Said she'll be back soon.
Chase : What are you doing?
UNK: Foreman!
House : Imagine being constantly reminded of the pain you're about to be in.
Joe : I can't take it!
UNK: Just stop it! Stop it, stop it, stop it!
UNK: Mainlining morphine into his carotid could stop his heart!
House : So could pain-induced stress cardiomyopathy.
House : Either the morphine kills him or the pain does.
Chase : You're condoning this?
House : I'm certainly not going in there to stop him.
UNK: I'm going to make you feel better.
UNK: Joe has a new symptom.
UNK: Hyperalgesia.
UNK: The infection's spreading into the pain center of the brain.
UNK: Make it stop! Make it stop!
Foreman : His brain is telling him that his whole body is in pain.
Foreman : Because of the location, painkillers do nothing.
House : Suit up. Put the guy in a coma before the pain kills him.