Cameron : - Foreman, get out! - Boy, is he screwed.
UNK: We clot his blood, he dies. We thin it, he dies.
UNK: Am I the only one who finds this funny?
Foreman : Oh, man!
Foreman : I'm not sick!
House : Did you hear the one about the guy who bled into his brain
House : and had to have a hole drilled in his skull to relieve the pressure?
UNK: Hilarious.
Foreman : Someone laughs, they're dying? That's absurd.
House : But not funny.
Foreman : If I'm not sick, all you're doing is locking me up with the source.
Foreman : I'll get sick, prove you right.
House : If you're not sick, it's not contagious and you've got nothing to worry about.
House : If you are sick, the two of you are staying in here until we find out why.
House : So you might want to make friends with the pig.
UNK: The good news is I can finally get my MRI.
Foreman : No, you can't! You blew up the machine!
House : Not the portable one, chuckles.
House : Chase and Cameron are bringing it to scan your non-bullet-riddled head.
UNK: - Where are you going? - To the office. Got work to do.
House : Eat your meals, take your temperature every half-hour
House : and any meds I command you to take.
Foreman : - So I'm just a regular patient now? - No.
House : You get your own thermometer.
House : Check your blood.
House : Anyone with an elevated sed rate gets to be Foreman's new roomie.
Cameron : - He should be a part of this. - He's a patient.
Cameron : - He's not irrational. - He's not objective.
Cameron : He's got the most motivation to get this diagnosed.
House : Right. You're not even friends with him. Why would you care?
UNK: There is an area of increased T2 attenuation in the cingulate cortex.
Chase : - Kind of mushy. - Cingulate cortex controls emotions.
House : This mushy spot explains the euphoria. Question is, what's causing the mush?
UNK: A question you might want to ask a neurologist.
Cameron : Foreman is a selfish jerk, but he's a neurologist
Cameron : and he's the only one who's been in that apartment.
House : This is why he shouldn't be here. You wouldn't call him a jerk if he was here.
House : If you think he screwed up at that apartment you'd keep it to yourself.
Joe : - No! I... - Well, we'll never know.
House : As long as he's not here, he's just like any other patient,
House : which means we can dump on him all we want.
House : What's eating the selfish jerk's brain?
Chase : West Nile or Eastern equine encephalitis would...
House : Test Foreman's blood.
UNK: Given that he's the only one who got it,
UNK: person-to-person transmission is less likely than some sort of deadly toxin
House : that Foreman picked up in the guy's home.
House : Who wants to go next?
House : You're ready to sacrifice yourself for a guy who doesn't consider you a friend?
Cameron : He's just a patient, right? It's the job.
UNK: Hey.
House : You don't have to go anywhere.
House : Joe's apartment is right downstairs in the lab.