UNK: In this very bar.
Barney : What...?!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No...
Barney : What?!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No...
Barney : What?!
Robin : Um...
Robin : thank you for, um, not using a first name in that story.
Ted : Barney, this is about the building.
Barney : Come on. This is so about the girl.
Ted : Okay, fine. It's about the girl!
Ted : I am doing this for Zoey!
Ted : I'm in love with her.
Ted : Look, I know it's early, but there's a very good chance
Ted : Zoey might be the mother of my children.
Ted : So, in addition to doing this for John Clifford Larrabee,
Ted : I'm also doing this for Luke and Leia.
Lily : Wait. She's gonna let you name your kids Luke and Leia?
Ted : Not if I knock down her favorite building, she isn't.
Ted : Barney, I'm sorry.
Barney : Oh, you're not sorry now, Ted Mosby.
Barney : But you will be.
Barney : You... will... be.
Barney : That's how you do an evil laugh.
UNK: Ciao for now.
UNK: Now, kids, you remember Arthur Hobbs,
UNK: Barney and Marshall's old boss at GNB?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Well, Arthur was going through a divorce and taking it
UNK: kind of hard. Hi, Arthur.
Barney : Everything okay?
Arthur : No, everything's not okay.
Arthur : My stupid wife got custody of Tugboat.
Arthur : God, I should have kept her hidden
Arthur : in a cage in the basement.
Barney : Isn't that animal cruelty?
Arthur : I'm talking about my wife.
Barney : Oh. That's fine, then.
Barney : So listen, you know Ted, the architect?
Arthur : Yeah, I know your friend Ted. So,
Barney : if Ted stood up at that big meeting tomorrow
Barney : and said that he thought The Arcadian should be a landmark...
Barney : you wouldn't just fire him, would you?
Barney : Right?
Barney : You wouldn't just...
Barney : You wouldn't just... yeah...
Arthur : No, Barney. I wouldn't just fire him.
Arthur : I'd also fire you.
Barney : Come again for Big Fudge?
Barney : Can you believe that?! I can't be unemployed, Robin!
Barney : My job is my identity; It's who I am.
Barney : It gives me the confidence I need
Barney : to convince girls I'm a fighter pilot.
Robin : I-I don't understand.
UNK: Why would he fire you?
Robin : I don't understand.
Barney : Why would you fire me?
Arthur : Have you already forgotten how Mosby got that job?
Barney : By being the best architect available?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No.
Barney : By... being Latino?
Arthur : No. Let me refresh your memory.
Arthur : We were in this very room.
Barney : Guys, I'm telling you,
Barney : if Ted Mosby isn't fantastic, fire me.
Barney : Damn it!
Barney : I was kidding?
Barney : I'm not kidding!
Barney : Oh, by the way, Arthur,
Barney : uh, how are things with you and your wife?
Arthur : Really good.
Arthur : In fact, I just put all my assets in her name.
Arthur : Smartest thing I've ever done.
Barney : Damn it! No,
Arthur : you'd better make sure Mosby doesn't screw up tomorrow.
Arthur : Because either that building is going down,
UNK: or you're going down.
UNK: They're going
Ted : to fire him? That sucks. He loves that job.
Marshall : And he's been doing it for years.
Lily : Okay, what does Barney do at GNB?
Ted : No idea. He has a lot of keys.
Robin : Okay, Ted, can you just please think about this before you...
Ted : There's nothing to think about.
Ted : I-I can't lose Zoey.
Ted : That's the only thing that matters to me right now.
Robin : Okay, Ted...
Robin : you know I love Zoey.
Robin : But, look, sometimes...
Robin : I go play chess in the park.
Robin : And the key to chess...
Robin : Okay, I play online.
Robin : But the key to chess... Okay, it's Angry Birds!
Robin : But the key to Angry Birds
Robin : is to always try to see every possible outcome.
Robin : And to... hit some pigs with rocks or something.
Robin : I don't know; I don't play. I can't get it to download.
Robin : The point is, this thing with you and Zoey?
Robin : I can see it going three possible ways.
Robin : There's the first scenario.
UNK: The chairman asks you...
Chairman : Do you think The Arcadian should be a landmark?
UNK: You say... No.
Robin : And Zoey dumps you on the spot.