Marshall : I'll allow it!
Barney : The only court where you show up, then get served.
Robin : Ho!
Robin : You're judged by a jury of your beers.
Ted : That's not bad.
Lily : Just stop it!
Lily : No one's buying a bar.
Lily : Right now we have a little problem.
Lily : Let's just think of a solution.
Ted : Lily, it's over.
Ted : The good guys lost.
Marshall : I don't know, homegirl is pretty diabolical.
Marshall : If there is a plan that'll get us out of this,
Marshall : it's somewhere inside this butter churn.
Marshall : She'll think of it.
Marshall : I'm just gonna sit here...
Marshall : and watch it happen.
Marshall : And she's got it!
Marshall : Lily, what's the plan?
Barney : Oh, this ought to be good.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And then Lily told us her plan.
UNK: Oh, this is good!
Ted : We have to find Arthur right now.
Arthur : What is so difficult about this?!
Arthur : Tugboat figured this out in, like, five minutes.
Arthur : This is bush league!
Barney : Hey, Arthur!
Robin : Oh, cute dog!
Arthur : No! Tugboat, my other dog, that was a cute dog.
UNK: This little disappointment is nothing but a cheap facsimile.
Arthur : I said it!
Arthur : Yeah, my love is reserved for dogs
Arthur : that go to the bathroom on command
Arthur : instead of wasting my time!
Barney : Listen, Arthur, Marshall's wife
Barney : has an idea for how we can save not saving The Arcadian.
Arthur : Oh, his wife has an idea.
Arthur : Let me tell you about wives, okay?
Arthur : They leave you and take your best friend with them.
Arthur : You're not Tugboat!
Arthur : You'll never be Tugboat!
Chairman : Uh...
Barney : Hey, Arthur?
Arthur : I guess this one's kind of cute or whatever.
Arthur : So... so what's the idea?
Lily : Okay, first hear my demands. One,
Lily : Ted and Barney keep their jobs.
Lily : Two, when you guys do finally blow up The Arcadian,
Lily : one of them gets to push the button.
UNK: Barney and Ted : Dibs. Dibs.
Arthur : Fine! What's the idea?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Well... Kids, for legal reasons,
UNK: I have to skip this part of the story
UNK: and jump ahead to the next night,
UNK: as the Landmarks Preservation Commission
UNK: gave their verdict.
Chairman : Last night,
Chairman : this committee took a vote,
Chairman : and while we have all felt from the very beginning that
Ghost : The Arcadian is,
Chairman : well, an eyesore...
Chairman : Mr. Mosby's surprising testimony
UNK: about the lion's head stonework
UNK: left us no choice but to declare it...
Chairman : a landmark.
Chairman : But then, something else happened last night.
UNK: That same lion's head
UNK: Ted, on recorder : stonework...
Chairman : ...disappeared.
Zoey : So...
Chairman : that makes our job a little easier.
Chairman : Motion denied.
Barney : Zoey...
Ted : Zoey!
Zoey : All right, what do you have to say for yourself?
Robin : I don't know.
Ted : Sometimes... things have to fall apart
Ted : to make way for better things.
Zoey : We're done here. BYBigAditya say thanks @ bigaditya@gmail.comif u appreciate
UNK: BYBigAditya say thanks @ bigaditya@gmail.comif u appreciate