UNK: Mrs. Waltham : This is ridiculous. I mean, we had an agreement.
UNK: Mrs. Waltham : Will you say something, Steven?
UNK: Mr. Waltham : Don't take that tone with me.
UNK: Mr. Waltham : All right, you can.
Phoebe : Thank God!
Phoebe : You changed your mind.
Phoebe : You probably want to be alone, you don't want to talk about it.
Phoebe : You're doing the right thing.
Phoebe : Where are you going?
Phoebe : What are you doing? No, wait.
Phoebe : Why am I always pregnant when she does that?
UNK: I'd like to make a toast to Ross and Emily.
UNK: My big toast is tomorrow.
Chandler : This is kind of my little toast, or Melba toast, if you will.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I've known Ross for a long time. I knew him when he was with his first girlfriend.
Chandler : I thought things were going to work out for him, until the day he over-inflated her.
UNK: Oh, dear God!
UNK: Mrs. Waltham : Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Phoebe : Mrs. Waltham.
UNK: I need to speak with one of the best men or Ross' sister, Monica.
UNK: Mrs. Waltham : -Who is this? -Phoebe, one of Ross' best friends.
UNK: How did you get this number?
Phoebe : I got it from your maid. She's a bitch, but I wore her down.
UNK: If you're one of Ross' best friends, why aren't you here?
Phoebe : I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies.
UNK: Mrs. Waltham : Am I on the radio?
UNK: Can I talk to one of them? It's important.
UNK: I'm bored of you now. I'm going to cut you off.
UNK: Oh, okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
UNK: We're excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall.
Chandler : To think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall.
Chandler : Come on, Monty Hall!
Chandler : Let's Make a Deal. Come on, you people!
Chandler : All right, forget it. Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Joey : Best man number two, Joey Tribbiani.
Joey : I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here.
UNK: Congratulations to the happy couple.
Joey : I first met Ross in this coffeehouse back home.
UNK: Home.
Joey : New York City.
Joey : Where everybody knows my name.
UNK: Anyway...
Joey : ...I love you guys.
Joey : But not as much as I love America.
UNK: Can we please go home now?
Felicity : Are you going home?
Felicity : I was hoping to get to know you better.
Joey : I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
Monica : I was laughing.
Chandler : Out loud?
Monica : I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
Chandler : So how are you?
Monica : My mother's driving me crazy. But Ross is getting married. I'm happy.
Monica : I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
UNK: Drunk Man : I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
Monica : Thanks. We like him.
UNK: Drunk Man : My God! You must have been a teenager when you had him.
UNK: Mr. Geller : There's no way in hell I'm paying for it.
Ross : Look, we're down to just one point.
UNK: Could we please just settle it after the wedding?
UNK: Fine, but I'm not paying for your wine cellar...
UNK: ...you thieving, would-be-speaking- German-if-it-weren't-for-us, cheap little man!
UNK: The guy was hammered. There's no way you look like Ross' mother.