UNK: Sorry.
UNK: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said you were embarrassing me.
UNK: That wasn't cool.
Chandler : If it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Joey : Me too.
UNK: -Yeah? -No!
UNK: I had the best day ever!
Joey : Dude, check this out!
UNK: Tell my friend you like my hat.
Fergie : -What's your friend's name? -Chandler.
Fergie : Hi, Chandler.
UNK: -That's -That's Fergie, baby!
UNK: Joey says you don't like his hat, but I think it's kind of dashing.
Joey : So I hear you're single now.
UNK: - Yeah, I don't like the hat that much. -Okay.
UNK: When did you? How?
UNK: I was trying to get to Buckingham Palace.
Joey : So I'm in my map and
Ross : I understand you had a talk with Emily.
Monica : Yes, I did.
Monica : And you are welcome.
Chandler : Am I?
Ross : Was it your idea to postpone the wedding?
UNK: -I'm going to the bathroom. -Wait up!
Ross : Since you're the fix-it lady, here's a pickle :
Ross : What do you do when the bride says she doesn't want the wedding at all?
Monica : She said that? Why?
UNK: I don't know. I said it was stupid to put off the wedding...
UNK: ...and she, like, flipped out.
Emily : Oh, my God! You're even dumber than I am.
Ross : Excuse me?
Monica : How long have you been planning this wedding?
Ross : I don't know. A month?
UNK: Emily's probably been planning it since she was 5.
UNK: Ever since the first time she hung a pillowcase from her head.
Monica : That's what we did.
Monica : We dreamed about the perfect wedding.
UNK: In the perfect place.
Monica : With the perfect four-tiered wedding cake.
Monica : With the little people on top.
Monica : But the most important part...
Monica : ...is that we had the perfect guy...
Monica : ...who understood just how important all that stuff was.
Ross : I had no idea.
Ross : That pillowcase thing, I thought you were doing The Flying Nun.
Monica : Sometimes we were.
Monica : Come on.
Ross : Help me figure out what to do.
Chandler : Pretty intense, huh?
UNK: I hope Ross didn't think we left because we were uncomfortable here.