UNK: I spoke to your dad, and you know what?
UNK: He thinks we can find a new hall.
Emily : -We don't have to. -You found a place?
Emily : No, but Monica and I were talking...
Emily : ...and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down...
UNK: ...and she suggested we put the wedding off for a bit.
Ross : She said what?
UNK: If I won't be happy with somewhere we'd find in a day...
UNK: ...we should postpone it.
Emily : Postpone it.
UNK: Do you think Monica realizes how much our parents spent on this?
UNK: Do you think my sister's teeny, tiny, little brain comprehends...
Ross : ...that people took time out of their lives...
Ross : ...to fly thousands of miles to be here?
Ross : This isn't right.
UNK: I realize that people are gonna be disappointed.
Emily : But I'm sure they'll come back.
Ross : I can't ask people to do that. Would you?
Emily : Don't you point your pants at me!
Emily : We have no choice.
UNK: Anywhere half-decent will have been booked.
Emily : Don't you understand? This is our wedding!
Ross : Postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
UNK: -You're saying it's now or never? -I'm saying it's now.
UNK: -Or? -There's no "or" in mine!
Ross : What is wrong with these pants?
Emily : It's not the pants. It's you who's backwards.
Emily : If you don't understand how important this is to me...
UNK: ...perhaps we shouldn't marry at all!
Ross : Emily, no! Wait, stop! Emily, please
UNK: Did shopping help you feel any better?
UNK: Manhattan doesn't have enough stores.
Phoebe : I can help you get over him.
Rachel : You can?
UNK: I need you to bring me photos of Ross...
Phoebe : ...and a small piece of chocolate...
Phoebe : ...and a glass of tepid water.
UNK: Is this where you throw stuff...
UNK: ...in a bag with graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Phoebe : Only if you have the hiccups too.
UNK: The chocolate and water are for me. I didn't feel like getting up.
UNK: I'll show you a picture of Ross.
UNK: And you remember all the bad things about him.
Phoebe : -Focus on his flaws. -I can do that.
UNK: I did that while we were going out.
UNK: Before we start, I want to say, for the record, I love Ross.