Ted : Kids, never underestimate the power of destiny.
UNK: Ted voix off : Because when you least expect it,
UNK: Ted voix off : The littlest thing can cause a ripple effect
UNK: Ted voix off : That changes your life.
UNK: Ted voix off : Take for instance my trip to chicago.
Robin : That security guard was a little bit handsy.
Ted : That's funny. She barely touched me.
Ted : Uh, gate 23. Come on.
Ted : If we miss this flight, I will never forgive myself.
UNK: Ted voix off : Why was this flight so important?
UNK: Ted voix off : Let's back up a few months to the fall of 2006.
UNK: Ted voix off : I had just sold my first building design
UNK: Ted voix off : And become the youngest project manager in my firm's history.
UNK: Ted voix off : Suddenly I was being headhunted.
UNK: Ted voix off : One firm was even considering me
UNK: Ted voix off : To run their entire new york office.
UNK: Ted voix off : They were flying me in for a final interview
UNK: Ted voix off : At their corporate headquarters in chicago.
UNK: Ted voix off : It was the opportunity of a lifetime.
UNK: Ted voix off : It was my destiny.
UNK: Ted voix off : There was just one problem.
Ted : Hi, wait, two more.
Woman : Sorry, you're too late, I already shut the doors.
Ted : Well, I'm sure if we pull real hard we can open them.
Woman : Hmm, I wish it worked like that, but see,
Woman : Once I close those doors, that's it.
Woman : Nobody else is allowed down that jet-way.
Woman : Except for that guy.
Ted : Please, if-if I miss this flight,
Ted : I'll miss the chance to interview for my dream job.
Woman : I'm sorry, sir.
Robin : His dream job!
Robin : Didn't you ever have a dream job?
Robin : Something from when you were a little girl,
Robin : That was all you wanted to do?
Robin : I mean, for god's sakes, I'm sure you didn't
Robin : Go to bed at night dreaming about being a...
Robin : I mean, uh...
Robin : This is a cool job.
Ted : Please, I have to be on this flight.
Woman : I'll see what I can do.
Woman : But it doesn't look good.
Ted : Thanks.
Robin : Your uniforms are pretty.
Woman : Okay.
Woman : They haven't armed the doors yet,
Woman : So you still have a chance.
Woman : It's up to the captain now and they're calling us back.
Ted : Great, please let us know soon as you hear anything.
Woman : Sure, and for the future, we recommend you arrive
Woman : At the airport an hour and a half before your flight,
Woman : Not, you know, one minute after.
Ted : Normally, I'm incredibly responsible.
Ted : I just had to go to court this morning and get sentenced.
Ted : Not that I'm a criminal or anything.
Rubin : Yeah, he just jumped a subway turnstile.
Woman : You seem to have a lot of problems
Woman : With the rules of travel.
Woman : Hello?
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Woman : Oh, that is great news.
Woman : It's my mom... She found her missing earring.
Woman : Have a seat.
Woman : I'll call you when I hear something.
Woman : Where was it?
Ted : That thing better have call waiting.
Robin : Could you just call the firm
Robin : And explain what happened?
Ted : It's down to three people and I know
Ted : They need to make their decision today.
Ted : I sort of feel my not showing up might put me at a disadvantage.
Ted : I'm so stupid.
Ted : Why did I have to jump that turnstile?
Robin : Hey, don't be so hard on yourself.
Robin : And isn't this whole thing really barney's fault?
UNK: Ted voix off : She had a point.
UNK: Ted voix off : It was kind of barney's fault.
UNK: Remember?
UNK: Ted voix off : Let's back up a few months.
Robin : Oh, marshall, how's the broken toe?
Marshall : Oh, man, it kills.
Lily : You want some aspirin, baby?