Ted : The next morning, robin was too tired
UNK: Ted voix off : To go all the way back to brooklyn,
UNK: Ted voix off : So while I was at work, she went to crash
UNK: Ted voix off : At my apartment for a couple hours,
UNK: Ted voix off : And that's when...
Marshall : Nobody does it better than you.
Robin : Marshall?! Oh, my god!
UNK: What? Aah!
Robin : So if lily hadn't dragged me down to the wedding dress store,
Robin : We would have made the first flight.
Ted : Oh, thank god. The doors are still open.
UNK: We made it. Oh.
Ted : Hi. Please.
Ted : We really need to get on this flight.
Robin : Oh, my god!
Man : You're that reporter from metro news 1.
Robin : Yes, yes, I am.
Robin : I can't believe you recognized me.
Man : You did that story on the giant pizzas, huh? Yeah.
Ted : Would you check to see
Ted : If you have any more seats? One moment, sir.
Man : Were those pizzas real?
Man : Come on, were they?
UNK: Robin... One second, ted.
Robin : Um, you know, a lot of people ask me that.
Robin : The truth is, the pizzas were real.
UNK: Calzones. Trick photography. I knew it!
Robin : God, it is so nice to meet a fan! Ah.
Robin : And I would be a fan of your work
Robin : If you could get us two seats on that next flight.
Man : Well, the, uh, flight attendants
Man : Are just finishing up their final seat count.
Man : Let me see what I can find out.
Ted : Would it help if I got on
Ted : And gave an impassioned speech about my destiny?
Man : I think it might hurt.
Man : This is such a nightmare.
Robin : Okay, so we agree?
Robin : This goes back to lily wanting to camp out
Robin : For a wedding dress?
Woman : No.
Ted : Wait. It goes back further.
Ted : Remember why we were eating hot dogs on the east side?
Ted : 1939?!
Ted : This penny's from 1939!
Ted : A 67-year-old penny.
Ted : Do you realize this penny was minted
Ted : During world war ii?
Robin : Oh, so was my grandfather,
Robin : But that doesn't make him interesting.
Ted : Look, I know a little something about coins,
Ted : And this baby is worth something to a collector.
Robin : No, it's not.
Ted : Yes, it is! You know what?
Ted : I'm gonna take you out to dinner
Ted : With the money I get for this little guy.
UNK: Ted voix off : And that's exactly what I did.
Robin : You're lucky there's still a place that serves anything
Robin : For a dollar fifty.
Ted : Hey, that's 150 times its original value.
Ted : Actually, the meal was only $1.49.
Ted : 1984.
Robin : Hey, in 50 years, we can get dinner again.
Ted : How dare you.
Robin : Hey, what's going on?
Ted : I don't know. Looks like they're camping out for something.
Robin : Yeah, but for what?
Ted : It was me.
Ted : I started this.
Ted : If I hadn't picked up that penny, we wouldn't have gone
Ted : To get hot dogs all the way across town.
Robin : And we wouldn't have seen that wedding dress store,
Robin : Lily wouldn't have wanted to camp out there,
Robin : And I wouldn't have needed
Robin : A nap at your apartment the next day.
Ted : Marshall wouldn't have broken his toe.
Ted : Barney wouldn't have run the marathon.
Ted : I wouldn't have jumped that turnstile,
Ted : Gotten arrested, had that court date...
Robin : And we would have made our flight. Oh!
Robin : I don't think we can go back any further than that
Robin : Unless you know who dropped the penny.
Ted : I wish I did.
Ted : Though that person's already been punished enough,
Ted : Losing a sweet penny like that.
Man : Uh, sir?
Ted : Oh, please tell me you have some good news.
Man : Uh, I'm afraid not.
Man : There are no extra seats on the plane.
Woman : I'm sorry.
Robin : All, right, well, thanks for trying.
Ted : I can't believe this.
Ted : That's it, it's over.
Robin : Ted, come on.
Robin : Your destiny
Robin : Just wasn't to make it to chicago today.
Robin : Anyway, if that firm really wants you,
Robin : They'll reschedule.
Ted : But that's not what happened.
UNK: Ted voix off : They didn't reschedule.
UNK: Ted voix off : They hired someone else.
UNK: Ted voix off : And as it turned out, three months later,
UNK: Ted voix off : That guy ended up having to relocate to chicago.
UNK: Ted voix off : Kids, funny thing about destiny...
UNK: Ted voix off : I thought I was destined to get that job.
UNK: Ted voix off : But I was wrong.
UNK: Ted voix off : My destiny was to stay in new york.
UNK: Ted voix off : Because if I hadn't,
UNK: Ted voix off : I never would have met your mother.