Barney : My legs don't work.
Barney : I've already ridden the subway
Barney : Twice end to end.
Barney : I've seen where it turns around.
Barney : Ted, you don't ever want to see where the subway turns around.
Ted : Barney's legs won't work.
Ted : He's riding the subway
Ted : From end to end because he physically
Ted : Can't get off the train.
Marshall : Best 50 bucks I ever spent.
Barney : Listen to me, ted.
Barney : I'm going to lose you any second.
Barney : I'm on the fourth car of the six train heading south
Barney : From pelham bay park in the bronx.
Barney : Meet me at the 86th street station in, like, half an hour?
Marshall : All right.
Ted : I'll be right there.
Ted : Stay where you are.
Barney : Ted, ted.
Woman : Oh, come on.
Woman : You're not even going to give up your seat for him?
Barney : I'm sorry. I can't.
UNK: Old lady : Douche.
Ted : Barney?!
Barney : Ted!
Lily : Hey!
Barney : No...!
Robin : See?
Robin : If barney never tried to run the marathon,
Robin : You never would have jumped that turnstile,
Robin : You wouldn't have had that court date today,
Robin : And we would have made this flight.
Ted : You're right.
Ted : Everything can be traced back to him.
Ted : Like that rash we all got at christmas.
UNK: All right, I have to see what's going on.
Woman : So I was able to get you two seats.
Ted : Really? That's great! No, no, not you.
Woman : I'm talking to my mom about blue man group.
Woman : Ma, can I call you back?
Ted : Okay, what about our flight? Can we get on?
Woman : I'm still waiting for...
Barney : Huh.
Woman : Looks like your flight left already.
Ted : What? No, n-n-n-no, n-no.
Ted : I have to be in chicago today.
Robin : Well, he never even called you back?
Woman : Well, it's typical pilot.
Woman : They don't call you back at work and they don't call you back
Woman : After you spend two nights with them at a radisson in orlando.
UNK: Ted voix off : It turned out there was one other flight
UNK: Ted voix off : That would just barely get me to chicago on time
UNK: Ted voix off : For my job interview,
UNK: Ted voix off : But it was all the way on the other side of the airport.
Robin : What was the name of the airline again?
Ted : I think it was something like flights r' us.
Robin : Was the "r" backwards?
Ted : God, I hope not.
UNK: Geez. Stupid smart carts.
Ted : More like dumb carts.
Ted : If we miss this flight, it's all barney's fault.
Ted : You know, barney never would have run the marathon
Ted : In the first place if marshall hadn't broken his toe.
Robin : Yeah, so?
Robin : What, you think this is my fault?
UNK: Ted voix off : For marshall, the initial idea
UNK: Ted voix off : To run the marathon came way back in April.
Marshall : My pants are starting to feel a little tight.
Lily : Oh, that's okay.
Lily : I love that cute little belly.