Marshall : You know I don't believe in pain killers.
Ted : Wow, your first broken bone.
Ted : Kind of kills your whole "unbreakable" theory.
Lily : Marshall used to think
Lily : He was indestructible.
Marshall : Well, it added up.
Marshall : I've never broken anything.
Marshall : I've never been sick,
Marshall : And when I need to, I can summon
Marshall : Incredible strength.
Marshall : Ted, tell her the story of the really heavy door.
Ted : There was a really heavy door.
Ted : He opened it.
Marshall : On one pull.
UNK: Whoo!
Robin : Well, you must be really bummed,
Robin : You're not gonna be able to run tomorrow.
Marshall : Yeah. It sucks, all that work
Marshall : I put in training for the marathon was a total waste.
Barney : Training for a marathon.
Marshall : What?
Barney : You don't need to train for a marathon.
Barney : You just run it.
Marshall : You're kidding, right?
Barney : Not at all.
Barney : I could run a marathon anytime I wanted to.
Marshall : So like tomorrow,
Marshall : You think you could wake up, roll out of bed,
Marshall : And just run the new york city marathon?
Barney : Absolutely.
Robin : Barney, we're talking about 42 kilometers.
Ted : Thanks, canada.
Ted : I'll take it from here.
Ted : Barney, it's like 26 miles.
Barney : Here's how you run a marathon.
Barney : Step one, you start running.
Barney : There is no step two.
UNK: Okay, you know what? Prove it.
UNK: Take my number
UNK: And run in my place.
UNK: I will bet you
UNK: 50 bucks you don't even finish the race.
Barney : 50 bucks?
Barney : Gee, grandpa, if I win,
Barney : Maybe I can buy myself an ice-cream cone.
Barney : Make it $10,000.
Marshall : You have a gambling problem.
Marshall : You'll bet me 50.
Barney : Fine, then no bet.
Barney : Okay, $50.
UNK: Ted voix off : The next morning, as the marathon began,
UNK: Ted voix off : We were focused on marshall's computer.
Marshall : Each runner gets a tracking chip
Marshall : So you can follow them online,
Marshall : See when they pass certain checkpoints.
Marshall : Barney's got mine in his shoe.
Robin : Ooh, he's starting!
Marshall : This ought to be good.
Marshall : Wow.
Marshall : He's already passing the second checkpoint.
Lily : This tracking thing is amazing.
Lily : When we get married,
Lily : You're getting one of these.
Robin : Wow.
Robin : Look at his time. It's pretty impressive.
Marshall : He's gotta be cheating, okay.
Marshall : He knew we'd check.
Ted : Yeah, he'll do anything to win a bet.
Ted : Remember that time he bet me
Ted : That men at work sang "hungry like the wolf,"
Ted : And when he found out that they didn't,
Ted : He tried to hire them to?
Marshall : Well, it looks like,
Marshall : "barney" should be coming over the queensboro bridge
Marshall : And up first avenue within the next hour or so.
Marshall : But... There is no way that that's really him.
Marshall : It's really him.
Lily : Hey! That's mine.
Lily : Yeah, you'd better run!
Barney : What up, non-finishers?
Ted : Wow.
UNK: Amazing. Wow. Very impressive, barney.
UNK: Right? Wow.
Barney : Yeah, my time would have been
UNK: Like a hour an hour better,
Barney : But I met this total hottie on mile seven.
Barney : We took a quick detour
Barney : And had our own mini marathon behind a nathan's.
Barney : I won.
Lily : I'm not sure anyone in that story is a winner.
Barney : So where's my 50 bucks?
Marshall : All right.
Marshall : I got to admit, you earned this.
Barney : Huh?
Barney : Can't believe they haven't made a coin for this yet.
Barney : Anyway,
Barney : I'm heading home.
Barney : Might go hit the gym.
Marshall : Oh, hey, just so you know, uh,
Marshall : All marathon runners get
Marshall : To use the subway for free today.
Barney : Wow. You know I really should check out this "subway."
Barney : Heard so much about it.
Ted : Wow.
Barney : Look at me. Slumming it.
Barney : Maybe I'll make a weekend out of it
Barney : And I'll call my bridge and tunnel girl tonight.
Ted : You're dating a girl from new jersey?
Woman : No.
UNK: Ted voix off : So barney did it.
UNK: Ted voix off : He actually finished the marathon.
UNK: Ted voix off : But a little while later...
UNK: Ted voix off : I got an interesting phone call.
Woman : Hello?
Barney : Ted, it's barney.
Barney : Listen to me, I need you to come and pick me up on the subway.
Ted : What, what are you talking about?
Barney : I was sitting here, totally minding my own business.
Barney : Finisher.
Barney : Yeah, you know, what I mean.
Man : 86th street.