Ryan : Yeah, but who? And what?
Castle : As much as I love a good mystery,
UNK: a small part of me is hoping he can give us some clarity
Castle : on what the hell is going on.
UNK: Uh, speaking of clarity,
Beckett : what did you mean when you said that there might be something else
Beckett : that's keeping Alexis from moving back to your loft?
Esposito : I don't know, and Alexis won't talk about it.
UNK: So, maybe when Dr. Holloway is done talking to Anita,
Castle : I can get him to talk to Alexis.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Hey, so, what's the verdict?
Holloway : Based on my examination so far,
Holloway : I find her to be mentally competent, if somewhat disoriented.
UNK: By all indications, she seems to be telling the truth.
UNK: Meaning she did kill Justin Marquette?
Holloway : Or she believes she did, anyway.
Castle : And what about the disorientation? How do you account for that?
UNK: Could be medical or a neurologic condition, adverse reaction to drugs.
Holloway : It's possible she experienced
Holloway : a traumatic event which caused some sort of retrograde amnesia.
Beckett : So, traumatic, like killing someone?
UNK: Potentially. I'm gonna do a full workup.
Holloway : I'll know more when the results come back.
Beckett : Thank you, Doctor.
Castle : So, Anita Miller believes she killed the victim,
Castle : but the facts say she couldn't have.
UNK: No, not all the facts.
Beckett : I mean, we know she accosted Justin outside the coffee shop,
Beckett : she confessed to the murder
UNK: and she has intimate knowledge of the crime.
Beckett : So, look, clearly, we haven't explained everything, but...
Castle : But you believe she killed him.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : I think that until something changes, she's our best suspect.
UNK: Precinct Detective : Detective? There's someone here you need to talk to.
UNK: Precinct Detective : This is Sam Carson.
UNK: Precinct Detective : Tell her what you told me.
UNK: Sam Carson : I want to confess to a murder.
UNK: Sam Carson : I killed Justin Marquette.
Castle : I'd say something just changed.
Sam : Yeah, it was me. Don't get me wrong. I mean, it's not like I'm proud of it.
Gates : Did I hear right? Another person has confessed to this murder?
UNK: Yeah, but I just think he's some kind of attention seeker.
Castle : Yeah, so far the confession's just a rehash of the news report.
Beckett : Mr. Carson, do you realize
Beckett : that making false statements to the police is a crime?
UNK: No, I'm telling you the truth.
Sam : I killed the guy, in his hotel room.
Beckett : Okay, fine. What room was that?
UNK: Um...
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: 147.
Sam : It was room 147.
Beckett : I need you to tell me exactly what happened.
UNK: I was in his room and...
Beckett : No, no, I need details.
Beckett : Were you hiding in the closet? Did you kick down the door?
Sam : No, I knocked.
UNK: Justin flashback : Been waiting for you. Come on in.
UNK: Justin flashback : Let me get you a water.
Sam : He let me in, offered me a water.
BECKETT : A water?
Sam : Yeah, like, a bottle.
UNK: Then he went to the fridge, and that's when I pulled out my gun.
UNK: Anita voiceover : He turned around, and I shot him right in the chest.
Beckett : And then what?
UNK: He fell back, grabbed for a chair.
Sam : Knocked it over when he fell down.
Sam : Then I left.
Beckett : Why did you kill him?
Castle : - Why? - Yeah.
Sam : 'Cause I was angry.
UNK: I got anger issues, you know?
Sam : When I saw him, I was just so filled with rage.
Beckett : Because he did what to you?
Sam : That's the part I'm not too clear on.
UNK: The last couple of weeks have been just kind of hazy.
Beckett : How did you know the victim?
Sam : I don't know that I do.
UNK: Okay. INHALES SHARPLY
Beckett : He filled you with rage and you don't know him?
Beckett : Why did you go to room 147 in the first place?
Beckett : - Did he contact you? - I don't remember.
Beckett : How do you not remember?
Beckett : What kind of game are you playing here?
Sam : I'm not playing any game!
Beckett : You know what I think you're doing? You're trying to sabotage my case.
Beckett : You know that no DA is going to get a conviction with multiple confessions.
Beckett : Multiple confessions?
Beckett : Yeah, you and Anita Miller are working together on this.
Beckett : You're either covering for each other,
Beckett : or you're covering for someone else out there.