UNK: Huh.
UNK: - "Huh," what? - Uh, the EHI website.
Castle : The testimonials claim that they have programs that help people
Castle : quit smoking, quit drinking, uh, take charge of their lives.
UNK: So?
Castle : So, all three of our confessors have had problems in their lives.
UNK: Uh, alcoholism, anger management, assertiveness issues.
UNK: All things that they could've gone to EHI to treat.
Ryan : But they all claim that they didn't.
UNK: But what if they did?
Castle : What if they did, but something made EHI want
Castle : to eliminate any record of their involvement?
Castle : Torn datebook pages, wiped calendars.
Castle : Maybe that's why Madsen went to their apartments,
Castle : to erase any trace of their connection to EHI.
Beckett : Castle, you can't just do that by wiping out calendars. You'd have to...
Castle : Wipe memories.
Castle : Think about it. The fogginess, the confusion over the last two weeks.
Ryan : So you're saying that
Ryan : a glorified self-help group can erase people's memories.
Beckett : - How? - With drugs.
Holloway : Anita Miller's tests came back.
Holloway : I found unusual levels of a Propranolol derivative in her system.
Holloway : So I tested Mr. Carson and Mr. Carruthers.
Holloway : It was in their blood as well.
UNK: Propranolol?
Holloway : In small doses, it's mainly a blood pressure drug.
Holloway : In high doses, it's been found to alter memories, even eliminate them.
Castle : If it can alter memories,
UNK: could it make someone believe they'd done something they actually hadn't?
Holloway : Under normal circumstances, the human brain is very suggestible.
Holloway : Combined with a drug like this,
Holloway : - I'd say it's entirely possible. - CELL PHONE RINGS
Holloway : - Excuse me. - Yeah.
UNK: Outstanding!
Castle : This is straight out of Inception!
Castle : Someone planted the memory of the murder in all three of their heads,
UNK: while erasing any knowledge of their connection to EHI.
Ryan : Castle, do you have any idea how insane that sounds?
Castle : It's a diabolical plan.
Castle : Have three suspects confess to the same crime,
Castle : making it impossible for the police to arrest anyone.
Ryan : But none of this explains how they all knew the details of the murder
Ryan : without actually being there.
Castle : Maybe they were there, just not in person.
Castle : What if Justin's killer filmed the murder and then showed it to these people
Castle : while they were in their drug-induced state?
Castle : They would think the images were drawn from their own experience.
Beckett : If they were shown the actual murder,
Beckett : then that makes all three of them witnesses.
Castle : With details of the crime that could lead to our real killer.
Sam : I'm telling you, I pulled the trigger myself.
Dwight : So did I.
Beckett : Look, I understand that it seems real to you, but it may not be.
Anita : But why would somebody do this to us?
Beckett : To get away with murder.
Castle : We just need you to tell us everything you remember
Castle : about being in that hotel room,
Castle : down to the last overheard whisper or a glimpse of a shadow in a mirror.
Beckett : Now, keep in mind that what seems like a minor detail to you
Beckett : may actually be the key to us solving this case.
Beckett : So, let's start with Anita.
Anita : The first thing I remember is knocking on the door of 147.
Anita : After a few seconds, Justin opened it. He smiled flirtatiously, and...
Sam : Okay. He did not flirt with me.
Dwight : No, he was businesslike.
Castle : And, uh, what did you see when you went in the room?
Anita : I remember the carpet. It was beige.
Anita : The wallpaper had a subtle floral pattern.
Anita : And there was a painting above the fridge, I think it was a landscape.
Dwight : Yeah, of a countryside.
Anita : And when he pulled out the bottle of water from the fridge,
Anita : I remember there were six other bottles in the fridge door there.
Sam : No, there were five. I remember that clear as day.
UNK: - Uh-uh. There were six. - I remember five, too.
Esposito : - See? - I know what I saw.
UNK: CHUCKLES But you saw wrong. There were five.
UNK: He saw five, I saw five. You saw, what?
Beckett : Castle, if they can't agree on the details,
UNK: then I don't think we're gonna learn anything here.
Castle : Au contraire, we've already learned something very, very important.
Castle : Come with me.
Beckett : - Where are we going? - Back to the hotel.
UNK: You guys are clearly lying, okay? I...
Beckett : Come on, Castle. Could you just tell me what this is all about?