Laura : Do you have news about Justin's case?
UNK: Maid 1 : We do.
Beckett : We now believe that Justin was killed because of a video that he acted in.
Beckett : A video?
Castle : It was made for an organization called EHI.
Castle : And it just so happens it was edited by Kahn Post Production.
EDDIE : Kahn Post?
Eddie : Pam, isn't that where your day job is?
Pam : Yeah, but I don't know about any video.
Castle : We think you do.
Castle : And when you saw the video, you saw an opportunity.
Beckett : Pam, we checked your credit card.
Beckett : We know that you just bought a flip phone.
UNK: So?
Castle : So just before Justin died,
Castle : he was texting someone on a flip phone, presumably his killer.
BECKETT : When we looked into the phone records,
Beckett : there were texts, supposedly from EHI to Justin,
Beckett : offering him $5,000 to reprise his role in that video.
Castle : I'm betting that you gave Justin that phone.
Castle : Probably told him someone from EHI dropped by and wanted him to have it.
UNK: But it wasn't EHI that sent those texts. It was you.
Beckett : You lured him to that hotel and then you killed him.
Pam : Wait, this is crazy.
Pam : Justin was my friend. Why would I do that?
Beckett : We checked your background, Pam.
UNK: One of the men that was killed
Beckett : in that EHI sweat lodge initiation was Alan Clark.
Beckett : Your brother.
Castle : EHI was to blame,
Castle : but no one was held accountable.
Castle : His death was ruled accidental.
UNK: And when you watched that video,
Castle : you realized you had the perfect chance to take them down.
UNK: But you knew that you needed Justin in order to pull it off,
Beckett : so you found a way to get close to him.
Eddie : Oh, my God. That's why you joined our theater company.
Laura : - Pam, what did you do? - You don't understand.
UNK: I had to do it for Alan, for the others.
Pam : Those monsters had to be stopped.
Beckett : By killing an innocent man?
Pam : Justin was not innocent. He was one of them.
Castle : He was just an actor, hired for the day.
Pam : Then why did he stonewall me when I tried to talk to him about it?
Pam : They are all accountable.
Pam : Somebody had to stop them.
Pam : Somebody had to show the world what they really are.
Beckett : Pam, turn around.
Beckett : You're under arrest.
UNK: HANDCUFFS CLICKING
CARSON : So, all of this was about revenge?
Castle : Yeah, and unfortunately you just got caught in the middle.
Dwight : What about Dr. Bauer?
Beckett : EHI has been shut down effective immediately.
Beckett : And the FBI is launching a full-scale investigation.
UNK: And the guy in the red van? The one who drugged us?
UNK: Border Patrol caught him trying to cross into Canada.
Castle : He's being extradited back here now.
CARRUTHERS : What I don't understand is,
Dwight : what made us come in when we did?
UNK: All on the same day?
Castle : Dr. Holloway figures it was some kind of trigger.
Castle : Maybe you read an article on the murder,
Castle : or you saw something on TV.
Beckett : Yeah, but whatever it was, it's over now. You're all free to go.
Beckett : Dwight? Are you okay?
UNK: - Uh, it's nothing. - No, what?
Dwight : I just never got to confess.
UNK: Well, if it makes you feel better, I'll hear it.
Sam : Yeah, me, too. Come on, I'll buy us all a slice.
UNK: Okay, uh... CHUCKLES
UNK: So I walked up to room 147 and knocked on the door...
Beckett : If I have to hear that confession one more time,
UNK: I'm gonna shoot somebody.
Castle : Here's a little something to help you forget.
Beckett : It's okay, Castle. You know I like the weird ones.
UNK: Mmm.
Beckett : It's interesting how malleable the human mind is.
Beckett : I mean, all those people wanted was a little help.
Castle : But instead they became guinea pigs
Castle : all because they turned to the wrong person for answers.
Beckett : Yeah, well, sometimes it's hard to know who the right person is.
Beckett : After all, it took you three tries.
Castle : True, but I figured it out and you didn't even have to drug me.
Beckett : How do you know what I do to you when you're sleeping?
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : Well, whatever it is, wake me up for it next time.
Sam : - CHUCKLES - KNOCK ON DOOR
Holloway : Excuse me.
UNK: Alexis.
Eddie : What's going on?
UNK: SIGHS Dad, can I come home?
Beckett : Come here.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: Thanks.