Beckett : and Anita ID'd him as the guy that was talking to our victim
Beckett : outside the coffee shop.
Gates : And what is this man's connection to Mr. Carruthers?
UNK: That's what I'm gonna find out.
Dwight : I'm prepared to take full responsibility and admit to what I did.
Beckett : Yes, I'm sure you are. Now, do you recognize this man?
UNK: Don't you wanna hear my confession?
Beckett : Best Traveler hotel, room 147,
Beckett : Justin offered you water and then you shot him.
Beckett : How did you know?
Castle : Beckett. Just like the one Anita drew.
Beckett : Dwight, what does that symbol mean?
UNK: STAMMERING I don't know, it's just been stuck in my head lately.
Dwight : But what difference does that make? I shot a guy!
Beckett : We know. Now, can you take a close look at these pictures
Beckett : and tell me if you recognize that man?
UNK: Uh...
Dwight : No, but the van looks familiar.
Castle : You've seen it before? Where?
UNK: Uh, I'm not sure. I've been...
Castle : Confused recently, like, the last two weeks?
Beckett : Dwight, think. This is important.
Dwight : It was last Tuesday, around noon.
Dwight : I was coming home from assertiveness training
UNK: and that van was parked on Houston Street outside my apartment.
Beckett : There are traffic cams on Houston. They might've caught a plate number.
Dwight : Seriously? I killed someone and all you care about is a van?
UNK: All right, Tech scrubbed traffic cam footage from last Tuesday on Houston,
Ryan : they got a hit on our vehicle.
UNK: It's registered to a Miles Madsen.
Beckett : Great! That's our guy. So what do we know about him?
UNK: That he's in the wind. Uniforms hit his apartment,
UNK: but the landlord said he hasn't seen Madsen in weeks.
UNK: - CELL PHONE CHIMES - SIGHS Okay, put out an APB.
Beckett : Find out everything you can about him.
Beckett : Right now, he's the only link connecting all these people.
Esposito : Where are you going?
UNK: Uh, I've got an errand to run. Can you tell Castle that I'll be back in an hour?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : - Thanks for meeting with me. - Yeah. What's so important?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : You know that I don't take sides on anything
Beckett : between you and your dad, right?
Alexis : Yeah, I appreciate that.
UNK: Okay, well, your dad wants you to move back home.
Beckett : And I know that you said you have a lease,
Beckett : but you also said that there were other reasons
UNK: why you didn't wanna move back,
UNK: and I wanna make sure that one of those reasons isn't me.
UNK: Oh, no. No, no, it's not you at all.
Beckett : Are you sure?
UNK: 'Cause the last thing I wanna do
Beckett : is make you feel unwelcome in your own home.
UNK: No, it's not you, it's me.
Alexis : All those things my dad said when I was moving out,
Alexis : about me making a mistake moving in with my boyfriend,
Alexis : he was right. SIGHS
Alexis : I can see it so clearly now.
Alexis : Why didn't I then?
Beckett : You were in the love haze.
Beckett : The love haze?
Beckett : It's like a drug. It makes intelligent people do stupid things.
Beckett : Then it clears and you look around and you wonder, "What was I thinking?"
UNK: Your dad just wants to help. It's okay to let him.
Alexis : Yes, but this was my mistake.
Alexis : He shouldn't have to pay for it,
Alexis : so I will tutor and do whatever I have to until the lease is up.
Beckett : Okay, I get it.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Look, I know what you're doing seems noble, but it's not.
Beckett : I mean, the long hours, the exhaustion.
Beckett : What you're actually doing is punishing yourself.
Beckett : Trust me. I've been there.
Beckett : This isn't necessary.
Beckett : Your dad loves you. He worries about you.
Beckett : I think your penance is paid.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : SIGHS I'm sorry. I have to go.
UNK: Uh, just think about it, okay?
Beckett : I'll see you.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Beckett : Hey, did you guys find Madsen?
Esposito : No, but we're getting close.
UNK: We figured out that he's an independent contractor
Esposito : for Apollo Pinnacle Inc.
RYAN : Which turns out to be a front for another organization called EHI,
Ryan : or Eternal Horizons Institute.