Castle : Not until I know I'm right.
UNK: Which I am.
Castle : You should know you're engaged to a genius.
Beckett : Yes, a genius at annoying me.
UNK: So, I'm Justin, and you are one of these several people who shot me.
Beckett : I'm starting to feel the urge.
Castle : I go to get you a bottle of water,
UNK: and tell me, how many bottles do you see in the fridge?
Beckett : None. The door's blocking it.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : Which means Anita, Sam or Dwight couldn't have seen it either.
Castle : Whatever they saw...
Beckett : It didn't happen in this room.
Gates : Okay, if they didn't witness the actual murder, then what did they see?
Castle : Something that happened at another Best Traveler hotel.
Castle : In another room 147.
Beckett : We checked other branches in the area.
Beckett : Now, three weeks ago, the Best Traveler in Long Island City
Beckett : rented an entire floor, including room 147, to EHI.
Castle : Their room 147 is identical to the one where we found our victim.
Beckett : Except that fridge opens exactly like our witnesses described it.
Gates : What was EHI doing there?
Castle : They told the hotel it was some kind of member event.
Beckett : But they brought their own security,
Beckett : and they kept hotel staff off the floor for hours.
Castle : Something happened that day,
Castle : something connected to Justin's murder that EHI wants everyone to forget.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Ryan : I got something.
Ryan : All right, so I was going through surveillance footage
UNK: of the Best Traveler inn in Long Island City.
Ryan : I wanted to see if any of our three confessors did attend that EHI event.
UNK: And?
Ryan : No sign of them, but I did see this.
Gates : - That's our victim. - And look who he's with.
Beckett : Dr. Bauer lied to us.
Beckett : He did know Justin.
Castle : We got enough for a warrant now?
Receptionist : Please! You can't take those files!
Esposito : Really? That's not what my warrant says.
Esposito : Now where's Dr. Bauer?
Receptionist : I told you. He's in Stockholm.
Esposito : Where in Stockholm? What hotel?
Esposito : I don't know! He didn't leave a contact number!
OFFICER : Detective,
UNK: Csu Tech : I traced the signal from Bauer's video conference with Detective Beckett.
Esposito : So where in Stockholm is he?
UNK: Csu Tech : That's the thing.
UNK: Csu Tech : The signal was routed through Stockholm,
UNK: Csu Tech : but it looks like it originated from a local IP address.
Esposito : Local? As in Manhattan?
UNK: Csu Tech : - As in inside this building. - Where?
Receptionist : You can't go back there. This area's restricted.
UNK: Csu Tech : That one.
UNK: Don't move!
Esposito : So this is Stockholm.
Bauer : All right, yes, I knew him,
Bauer : but I know nothing about his death.
Castle : And yet you were shredding files.
Castle : Files on Anita, Sam, Dwight, Madsen. All people connected with this case.
Beckett : What happened that day? Why were you there with Justin?
Bauer : All we did was make a film.
Bauer : A film?
Bauer : I didn't kill Justin. I hired him as an actor.
DIRECTOR : And action.
Bauer : It was part of our Image Therapy pilot program.
UNK: Justin flashback : Been waiting for you. Come on in.
UNK: Justin flashback : Let me get you a water.
UNK: MINI-FRIDGE DOOR OPENS
UNK: GROANS
Bauer : The viewer was supposed to project their problems on a person,
Bauer : in this case, Justin.
Beckett : That's why Anita blamed him for her drinking.
Beckett : And why he was the focus of Sam's anger issues.
Castle : I knew it. You were implanting memories.
Bauer : No! No, it was supposed to help them take control of their problems,
Bauer : by literally shooting them dead.
Bauer : We made two versions, one for women and another for men.