Beckett : And what is that?
Ryan : Well, to quote their website,
UNK: "EHI provides sanctuary, enlightenment and pathways to the ultimate self."
Ryan : They claim to have thousands of followers all over the world.
Esposito : But not all of them were satisfied customers.
Esposito : In 2005, three of those followers died in some kind of sweat lodge initiation.
Esposito : Charges were filed, but ultimately the deaths were ruled accidental.
Beckett : Followers? Initiations? This thing sounds like a cult.
Castle : Oh, it's a cult, all right.
UNK: Complete with charismatic and sinister leader,
Castle : brought to you courtesy of this recruitment video.
UNK: - ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING - Hello and welcome.
UNK: Dr. Gustavo Bauer : My name is Dr. Gustavo Bauer,
UNK: Dr. Gustavo Bauer : founder of the Eternal Horizons Institute.
UNK: Dr. Gustavo Bauer : Dr. Gustavo Bauer? So what is he a doctor of?
Ryan : Says here he holds a PhD in Transpersonal Psychology.
UNK: From Never-heard-of-it University.
UNK: Bio-cognitive program to help free you from the negative anchors
Bauer : holding you down so you can soar.
Bauer : Visit us at one of the Eternal Horizons Institute's
Bauer : many reception centers and take the first step
Bauer : at becoming the person you were truly meant to be.
Castle : Wait for it.
Beckett : That's the symbol that Anita and Dwight were drawing.
Castle : Yes, and the boys checked. Sam's been drawing it as well.
Beckett : Okay, so the three of them
UNK: must've been a part of whatever the hell this thing is.
Beckett : That's our connection.
UNK: Except when we asked each of them, they all denied being members.
Beckett : Yeah, but they also said that they killed Justin Marquette,
Beckett : and we know that that's not true either.
Beckett : So where is this EHI?
Ryan : Right here in the city. Midtown.
Castle : This case is exceeding even my lofty expectations.
Castle : An impossible murder connected to a shadowy and mysterious cult.
Beckett : Not to mention prosperous.
UNK: This is prime Manhattan real estate.
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: Hi. We're here to see Dr. Bauer. I'm...
Receptionist : Detective Beckett, Richard Castle.
Receptionist : Welcome to EHI. Dr. Bauer's expecting you.
Beckett : How? We didn't make an appointment.
Receptionist : Dr. Bauer's a brilliant man. Right this way.
Receptionist : He's just inside.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : No, he's not!
Bauer : On the contrary.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: CHUCKLING That is so Big Brother.
Bauer : Greetings, Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle.
Bauer : What can I do for you?
Beckett : Well, you could start by speaking to us in person.
Bauer : Regrettably, I'm in Stockholm conducting a seminar.
Beckett : Okay. Well, then, do you know this man, Justin Marquette?
Bauer : I'm afraid not.
UNK: What about this man? Miles Madsen? I understand he works for you.
Bauer : Mr. Madsen has not been employed by EHI for some time.
Bauer : Years, in fact.
Castle : Well, what did Mr. Madsen do when he worked for you?
Bauer : Since he is no longer in my employ, I don't see the relevance.
Beckett : The relevance is that he is connected to a murder investigation.
Bauer : I'm struck by the level of your hostility, Detective.
Bauer : It's not healthy.
Castle : You know what I'm struck by is your total lack of curiosity
Castle : as to why a Homicide detective is asking about your employee.
Bauer : Former employee.
UNK: Well, whatever he is, he is definitely involved in this case,
UNK: along with three other members of your little group.
UNK: Anita Miller, Sam Carson, Dwight Carruthers.
Bauer : I'm sorry, Detective. Those people are not part of EHI.
UNK: Wow, that's amazing how you would just know that off the top of your head.
Bauer : I make a point of meeting every member of my EHI family.
Bauer : The people you mentioned are not among them.
Beckett : Well, then, I'm sure you won't mind if we check your files
Beckett : along with the records that you have on Miles Madsen.
UNK: You'd need a warrant for that, Detective,
Bauer : and you won't get one.
Bauer : What's that?
Bauer : They're ready.
UNK: I'm sorry, my session is starting. Jasmine will show you out.
Beckett : No, Dr. Bauer, I...
Receptionist : Right this way.
UNK: Bauer was right. The judge turned us down for a search warrant.
Ryan : You really think EHI's grand poobah is behind this?
Beckett : I think that he knows where Madsen is, and that Madsen is still working for him.
Ryan : But doing what? And what does any of this have to do
Ryan : with a struggling actor like Justin Marquette?