Sam : Who the hell is Anita Miller?
Beckett : You know who she is.
Sam : I've never seen that woman before in my life.
Anita : I'm telling you, I don't know him.
Castle : Are you sure about that?
Beckett : Because Sam told us the same story you did,
Beckett : but that he killed Justin.
Anita : Well, he's lying. I killed Justin Marquette.
Beckett : So, we can't find a link between Sam and Anita,
Beckett : or between either one of them and our victim.
Castle : What about Sam's alibi?
Beckett : His brother says that he and Sam were at the batting cages all last night.
Beckett : And based on the security video,
Beckett : Sam never set foot in the hotel.
Castle : They both believe they killed Justin.
Castle : They both know details about the murder
Castle : and they both have similar memory problems.
Castle : I mean, they must be connected.
Castle : What if their lives intersect, just not in such a literal sense?
Beckett : No, Castle, no, please.
Beckett : If this is some alternate universe theory, I'm not in the mood.
Castle : Really? Alternate universe? That's how little you think of me?
UNK: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just... I thought that you...
Castle : No, they're psychically linked!
Castle : And not just to each other, but to the actual killer.
UNK: So they're seeing the crime through his or her eyes,
Castle : and the experience is so visceral
Castle : that both Sam and Anita think that they committed the crime themselves.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Beckett : I'm sorry. It's just, you got excited. It's kind of cute.
Castle : Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know how I like the weird stuff.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
Castle : Who's that?
UNK: Oh, uh, it's nobody. Nothing, it's nothing.
UNK: - OFFICER : Detective? - Uh...
UNK: We got another one.
Beckett : Another what?
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : I'm Dwight Carruthers, CPA.
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : I'm here to turn myself in.
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : For killing Justin Marquette.
UNK: No!
Castle : All right, this is now officially outstanding.
Ryan : Hey, you guys need to see this.
UNK: Wait, I need to confess!
Beckett : Yeah, take a number.
Ryan : Once we realized that someone might have gone through Anita's apartment,
Ryan : we had unis canvass the area.
Ryan : Now, one of Anita's neighbors remembers seeing a red van
Ryan : parked outside her place about two weeks ago.
Beckett : Right when she started feeling disoriented.
Ryan : Yeah, not only that, we checked in with Sam Carson's neighbors.
Ryan : Turns out one of them remembers seeing the same red van
Ryan : parked outside of Carson's house a few nights later.
Ryan : She remembers it because she thought it looked suspicious.
Beckett : Did you get a plate number?
Ryan : No, but she took a picture with her phone.
UNK: Take a look who's behind the wheel.
Esposito : - Is that... - A big, bald man.
Beckett : Just like the one Anita said she saw
Beckett : talking to our victim outside the coffee shop.
Castle : So our victim and two suspects do have something in common.
Beckett : Yeah. Him.
Gates : So now there are three of them?
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : But we believe that this man is the key to our case.
Beckett : His van was seen outside both Anita and Sam's apartments,