UNK: Well, I went to see him in his room.
Castle : - Which room was that? - Room 147.
Jane : Room 147?
Castle : At the Best Traveler hotel.
UNK: Anita voiceover : I knocked on the door, and he opened it, almost immediately.
UNK: Justin flashback : Been waiting for you. Come on in. Let me get you a water.
UNK: He offered me a bottle of water and then he went to the mini-fridge.
Anita : That's when I took out the gun.
UNK: Anita voiceover : He turned around to give me the water,
UNK: Sam voiceover : and I shot him.
Anita : I shot him in the chest.
Beckett : And then what happened?
Anita : He looked surprised. He staggered back.
UNK: He dropped the bottle of water
Anita : and he kind of gripped onto the back of this chair.
Anita : Then he fell and knocked it over.
Esposito : That's exactly how we found the crime scene.
UNK: She must've been there.
Esposito : How? How is that possible?
Beckett : Anita, what was your relationship with Justin Marquette?
Anita : My relationship?
Castle : Were the two of you involved?
UNK: Uh, I don't think so.
Beckett : Then how did you know him?
Anita : I'm not sure.
UNK: If you don't know how you knew him, then why would you kill him?
Anita : I'm an alcoholic.
Anita : He was responsible for my drinking.
Castle : How was he responsible?
UNK: SIGHS I don't know. I'm sorry, I've been really confused lately.
Castle : Because of the drinking?
Anita : No. I've been sober for four years.
UNK: SIGHS I mean, God knows, I still struggle.
Anita : But these last two weeks, they've just been really blurry.
Beckett : Do you remember going to dinner with your sponsor last night?
Anita : Was that last night?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Anita : Yes, you're right. It was.
Castle : So then, when did you go to the hotel and meet Justin?
Anita : I don't remember.
Beckett : Anita, we have a witness that saw you accost Justin
UNK: outside of a coffee shop a couple of days ago.
Beckett : - Do you remember that? - Yes, I do.
Anita : Uh, he was talking to this big, bald man.
Anita : I had to warn Justin, to tell him he was in danger.
Castle : - From the bald man? - No, from me.
Anita : The moment I saw Justin,
Anita : I just had this awful feeling that I was gonna hurt him.
Anita : And I did.
Ryan : All right, thanks.
UNK: Now, no one at the hotel saw Anita last night,
Ryan : and Tech can't find her on any of the security cam footage.
Beckett : This doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : She knows details about our crime that only our killer could know.
Castle : What about Forensics? Did CSU come up with anything?
UNK: In a hotel room in New York City? Ugh.
Esposito : They found all kinds of fun stuff,
UNK: but nothing that tied Anita back to room 147.
RYAN : Yeah, well, maybe it's an act, you know?
UNK: Some kind of smokescreen,
Ryan : and she's taking the fall for someone else.
Beckett : Except she had to have known that we would check her alibi,
Beckett : which completely contradicts her confession.
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : All right, come on.
UNK: Hmm?
Esposito : Give us one of your theories, bro.
Esposito : Come on. Whatever it is,
UNK: it can't be any crazier than what we're already dealing with.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Okay. I think
Castle : I'm man enough to admit I'm completely theory-less.
Ryan : Maybe Anita suffered some kind of psychotic break.
Beckett : I've ordered a psych eval,
Beckett : but psychosis doesn't explain how she knew all about the murder.
Esposito : Or why she killed the guy in the first place.
UNK: I double-checked her phone records.
UNK: There's not a single call or text between her and Justin Marquette.
Esposito : It's like they had no history at all.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you guys go over to her apartment and check everything?
Beckett : Emails, calendars, her diary. And let's see
Beckett : if we can find anything there that'll connect her to our victim.
UNK: Yeah, we're on it.
UNK: Doc Holloway : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. Good to see you.
Beckett : Thank you so much for coming in, Dr. Holloway.
Holloway : I gather you have a patient for me?
Castle : Oh, yeah.
Ryan : Well, we've been through every room in the house.
Ryan : No gun, no bloody clothes,
Ryan : nothing that links Anita back to that crime scene or to Justin.