Alexis : Hope you don't mind.
Castle : No, no, of course not. Matter of fact,
UNK: um, now that you've broken up with your boyfriend,
Castle : there's really no reason you can't move back in here.
Alexis : Actually, there are many reasons, starting with, I have a lease.
Castle : Ah. I told you I would help you with that.
Castle : And you know I don't like you living in that place alone.
Alexis : Dad, it's fine. I can handle it.
UNK: I gotta go. I have an early class.
UNK: KISSES
Beckett : And we have an early murder.
UNK: DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES
UNK: You know, it was one thing when she was living there with Pi,
Castle : but now that she's alone,
Castle : why not dump the dump and come home?
UNK: CHUCKLING Yeah, well, maybe she's enjoying her independence.
Castle : She doesn't have time for independence.
Castle : She's got her tutoring gigs, her classes, her work-study job, she's exhausted.
Beckett : Well, Castle, I mean, she's strong-willed.
Beckett : Maybe it's pride.
Castle : If it were pride, she'd be more, well, proud.
UNK: No, there's something else.
Castle : Another reason why she's not coming home.
Castle : - Sito! - Yeah.
Castle : Someone miss their checkout?
UNK: No, he checked out all right.
Esposito : Housekeeping found this guy, Justin Marquette, dead in room 147.
Esposito : His driver's license says he lives nearby.
Beckett : Single gunshot to the chest?
UNK: Lanie Parish : One is all it took.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on the entry wound, I'd say a small caliber handgun.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Lividity and liver temp put the time of death
UNK: between 10 : 00 p.m. And midnight.
Beckett : And he wasn't found until morning?
Beckett : So, how come no one heard the shot?
Esposito : All the neighboring rooms are empty.
Esposito : The manager says that the place is only about 40% occupied.
Castle : Did the manager mention him checking in with anyone?
Esposito : The room was in his name alone.
UNK: Ryan's trying to track down the desk clerk from last night
Esposito : to see if he can get some more details.
Esposito : There's no sign of forced entry, though.
Castle : So either the killer was with him, or the victim let him in.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : It looks like he took a bottle of water from this mini-fridge,
Beckett : turned back around, got shot,
Beckett : and then he took the chair down with him.
Castle : There's no luggage.
UNK: You said he lives nearby. What was he doing here?
UNK: I don't know. I checked his phone. There was no indication of a meeting.
Esposito : There was no appointments, calls or texts
Esposito : - in the hours leading up to his death. - Hey. SIGHS
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I found the desk clerk who checked in Justin Marquette.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Something was up with this guy.
JANE : Uh, Mr. Marquette came in about 8 : 00.
Jane : No reservation, which is not unusual.
Ryan : Jane, tell them about the room.
UNK: Well, that was unusual.
Jane : He asked to stay in room 147.
Jane : In fact, he insisted on it.
Castle : Is there anything special about 147?
Jane : No, all our rooms are identical. That's why it was so strange.
Beckett : Had he been here before?
Jane : Well, he's not in the system,
Jane : which means he's never been a guest at any Best Traveler hotel.
Castle : Did he mention why he was staying?
Jane : He didn't have to.
UNK: Good-looking guy, no bags, checking in for one night?
Jane : In my experience, that means he was here to hook up.
Beckett : Did he come here with anyone?
Jane : No, but he was texting with someone.
Jane : I figured that's who he was meeting.
Beckett : He texted? Are you sure?
Beckett : We didn't find any texts on his phone.
Jane : I'm positive.
UNK: There. See? He's texting.
Castle : On a flip phone.
Beckett : That's not the phone we found.
Esposito : As far as I can tell,
UNK: that's the only cell phone registered to Justin Marquette.
Beckett : So the one we saw in the video must be a second, secret one.
Castle : Which the killer took to hide their identity.
Beckett : So who is this guy, why a second phone,
Beckett : and why room 147?
Ryan : Didn't get much from the hotel security video.
Ryan : Coverage is sketchy and there are no cameras
Ryan : in the hallway outside Justin's room.
UNK: Did you get a hold of next of kin?
Ryan : Not yet,
UNK: but I did find out about our victim through his personal website.
Beckett : He's got his own website?
UNK: Yeah, he was an actor. A struggling one, judging by his credits.
UNK: Justin Marquette is "a member of the Rooster Theater Company"
UNK: and is "currently appearing in their off-off-off-Broadway production
UNK: "of Chekhov's Platonov."
UNK: That's a lot of "offs."
Beckett : Let's see if anyone down there knows what he was into.
UNK: "This is the absolute end!
UNK: "What's going on out there?"