House : Then guess.
Cameron : - Could pain medication cause an orgasm? - I wish.
Chase : Maybe pain caused the orgasm.
UNK: You get a tattoo, the brain releases endorphins which create pleasure.
Cameron : Most people don't orgasm from a needle prick.
UNK: Well, Chase has a point.
House : The brain is like a huge train station, if the switches...
House : You're the neurologist, talk for me.
Foreman : If sensory information got misinterpreted by the medial forebrain bundle,
Foreman : it's possible for bad to feel good, and good to feel bad.
House : He's a lucky kid. Let's not fix him until the burns heal.
Chase : So what attacks the medial forebrain bundle?
UNK: Infective neuropathies, vasculitic neuropathies...
UNK: Krabbe's disease, metachromatic leukodystrophy.
House : All very bad things.
House : No way to look for any of them in his condition.
Cameron : Could be an infection.
Foreman : I said infection about eight seconds ago.
Cameron : You listed some brain infections.
Cameron : But what if it's just a regular old infection festering in the burned skin?
Foreman : Pus on his arm isn't causing problems in the forebrain.
Cameron : He's on 20 different medications to manage his pain, his heart,
Cameron : how often he urinates.
Cameron : His brain is like a waiter that's got too many...
UNK: Hey, hey. I do the metaphors.
Cameron : The brain is stressed.
UNK: An infection elsewhere could put it over the edge.
Foreman : So we just wait for his burns to heal to see if you're right?
Foreman : If you're wrong, he doesn't have that kind of time.
House : Dominic Larrey.
Chase : He another dead doctor?
UNK: He's Napoleon's Surgeon in Chief.
House : Cleaned a lot of battle wounds.
Foreman : By amputating legs.
House : And with bugs.
Cameron : Maggots are implanted directly into Adam's burns.
Doug : Maggots, they eat dead people, I...
Cameron : Maggots eat dead flesh. Only dead flesh.
Cameron : So they're perfectly suited to clean wounds.
Cameron : They also kill the bacteria that thrive in injured tissues.
Wilson : Dr. Jekyll, I presume.
Wilson : They found a half-eaten sheep in the zoo. The police wanna ask you a few questions.
UNK: I need something to wash it down.
Wilson : Coffee? Bad idea.
Wilson : - You're better off with water! - Coffee's closer.
Wilson : Foolproof plan, by the way.
Wilson : Either his meds would work,
Wilson : and you'd be in psychic pain because Von Evil is gonna be rich.
Wilson : Or they wouldn't, and you get to be in agony all day.
Wilson : Perfect lose-lose situation. Very you.
House : - I had to prove... - You've proved nothing.
House : Right. This isn't a migraine.
UNK: Yeah. "Dear New England Journal of Medicine",
Wilson : I took this guy's drug and still got a headache.
UNK: "Thus, scientifically proving that my arch enemy is an idiot."
Wilson : You just wanted the pain.
House : Meds are supposed to prevent migraine.
Wilson : You get distracted by pain.
Wilson : Leaves less room for the things you don't wanna think about.
Wilson : Like the Flyers sucking, or the price of gas,
UNK: or the fact that you pushed the love of your life out of your life.
House : God, I wish the pain would go away.
Wilson : Next time you need to get your mind off her, stick a needle in your eye.
Wilson : It's less annoying to the rest of us when you can still walk.
Cameron : Did you sleep here?
UNK: Lower.
Cameron : Do you want a pillow?
House : Not softer, lower.
House : Frequency of your voice is grating.
UNK: You should've been better by now.
House : I'm super.
UNK: Patient?
Cameron : The maggots did great for the burn.
UNK: But the brain waves are still all over the map.
House : Which means your regular old infection isn't causing his brain dysfunction.
House : Which means there's an underlying condition,
UNK: which means we've gotta get inside his head.
Chase : Do a lumbar puncture.
Chase : We've already established that we can't get a lumbar...
House : C2, C3.
Foreman : No. No. No way.
Foreman : I only saw a cervical tap once, and that guy got paralyzed.