Wilson : I hear bowling is more fun than stalking.
House : But I'm better at this.
UNK: If "P" is less than point-zero...
Wilson : Blow a ton of money on a plasma TV.
Foreman : We found a subarachnoid bleed.
House : Bleed in the head isn't causing seizures.
UNK: It could be. 10% with damage to cerebral cortex have a seizure.
Foreman : Or bacterial meningitis.
Wilson : - Viral encephalitis? - There's no way to tell without...
House : Shut up!
Weber : Excuse me.
House : Not you.
Weber : You know, if my lecture is interrupting your meeting, I can wait.
House : As your people say in India. Appreciate it.
House : We'll figure out why later. Fix the bleed or he dies.
UNK: Talk to you in a couple hours.
Chase : I'm in the subarachnoid space.
Foreman : - Can you get it? - Think so.
UNK: Put the probe back where it was so I can see the wire!
Foreman : We're looking for the bleed in...
Chase : Look when I get there, I'm flying blind without a contrast CT here!
UNK: And with a p-value of less than 0.001,
Weber : we have strong statistical evidence that this drug prevents migraine headaches
Weber : without daily administration.
House : Excuse me, Doctor.
Wilson : He knows his field better than you do.
House : It's always been my understanding that, unless you follow a daily regimen,
House : no drug can prevent a migraine.
Weber : That's why they call it a breakthrough.
Weber : That's why you call it a breakthrough.
UNK: No, the pharmaceutical company sponsoring my clinical trials
Weber : also hails it as a breakthrough.
House : I'm sure your wife and lawyer do, too.
House : Is there anybody who doesn't stand to make a fortune from it
UNK: calling it a breakthrough?
Weber : Who are you?
Wilson : Just a lunatic who desperately needs a hobby.
House : How exactly do these studies work?
UNK: Do you give this drug to a bunch of people,
House : and if they don't get a migraine, you go, "Voilà, my drug works"?
House : Excuse me, miss?
House : Do you have cancer?
UNK: Wow! Mango juice prevents cancer.
Weber : Perhaps I should have taken my medication before this lecture.
Weber : We had a very specific control group, chronic migraine sufferers.
Weber : I don't have time to go through all the math right now,
Weber : - but the incidence was dramatically... - Sure, in India.
House : Two plus two equals five there, right?
Weber : Do I know you?
House : I know your math skills. They blow.
UNK: Touché.
Weber : You sound very familiar.
House : Why did you publish it in an obscure journal in India?
House : Why not publish it in really, really cool head cases of South Philly?
Weber : Neuroscience New Delhi is a respected journal.
House : Yeah. The guy running Slurp N' Gulp tells me it's one of the best.
Wilson : Get a hooker, anything.
House : See, I'm thinking that publishing studies is probably the easiest way
House : to get a pharmaceutical company to give you a reach-around.
House : And choosing a journal that no one can actually read, well, that's...
House : That's shrewd.
Weber : - I know I know you. - Sure you do, Dick.
UNK: The name's Philip.
House : My bad. Something to do with your face.
House : I always think your name is Dick.
Foreman : - House? - Here.
Weber : Medical school was 20 years ago. Give it a rest. Grow up.
House : Yeah. You were always the grown-up. Do the responsible thing, tattletale!
Wilson : - You cheated! - I cheated then, you're cheating now!
House : Your drug doesn't work.
Weber : Oh, yes, you would like to believe that because it plays right into your fantasy...
House : - I tested it. - Oh, really?