Emily : - He's not depressed. - Yeah, sure.
Foreman : I'm not letting you go till you give me that syringe.
House : What's that on his wrist?
Anesthesiologist : A burn.
House : - Why on his wrist? - Why not on his wrist?
House : His back, his torso, everything's a mess. His forearms are clean.
House : - Except right there. - So what?
House : It's a perfect circle.
Foreman : So a drop of burning gasoline fell on his wrist, a screw from the ATV.
UNK: Maybe.
Emily : - Why are you torturing him? - Does your son smoke?
Doug : I'd kill him.
UNK: So, he can talk to you about sex, crack, anything except cigarettes.
House : He has a cigarette burn on his wrist.
House : Also a fading nicotine stain between two fingers.
House : Bad news, your son has a filthy, unhealthy habit.
House : Good news, he's trying to quit.
House : Bad news, the quitting's killing him.
House : Good news, I can cure him. Bad news...
House : - Nope, that's the end of it. - Quitting smoking can kill?
House : No-smoke meds are antidepressants.
UNK: The crappy ones you get over the Internet
House : are loaded with whatever antidepressants they can get cheap.
UNK: And since Mommy and Daddy obviously didn't take him to a pediatrician...
House : Sorry, I was wrong about him being depressed.
House : Treat him.
UNK: Hey!
Cuddy : Did you drop acid?
House : - Why would I do that? - To annoy me.
Cuddy : Or maybe because you're miserable,
Cuddy : or because you want to self-destruct.
Cuddy : Pick one.
House : How about because LSD acts on serotonin receptors in the brain,
House : which can stop a migraine in its tracks.
House : I'm just saying that's also a possibility.
House : - How did you know about it? - Cameron is worried about you.
Cuddy : I told her that LSD lasts up to 12 hours, if you were functional, she must be wrong.
House : Either that or I also took a whole bunch of antidepressants,
House : which short-circuited the LSD.
House : I'm just saying that would also explain it.
Weber : Thank you for ruining my clinical trials.
UNK: Pharmaceutical company's shutting me down.
House : - You're kidding. Really? - How could that surprise you?
Weber : You sent them an email
Weber : complaining about my math, telling them about your stunt.
House : I didn't know people actually read emails.
UNK: Delete button's so conveniently located.
Weber : So what's next? You gonna follow me my whole life?
Weber : - Torture me? - Why would I do that?
Weber : You waited 20 years to do this. What's next?
Weber : Break up my marriage?
House : - No. We're even. - Right.
Weber : Oh, thanks for setting me up.
House : Eye for an eye, LSD and antidepressants.
House : Everything in balance.
UNK: Buddhists call it Karma. Christians call it the Golden Rule.
House : Jews call it...
House : I don't know, Rabbi Hillel said something poignant.
UNK: Universe always settles the score.
Cuddy : - Does it? - No.
House : But it should.
Doug : Do you think you'll ever be able to look at him and not blame me?
Emily : Yeah. Will you?
UNK: Stranger At The Door : I'm Paula.
House : - Hey, Paula. - How you doing?
Paula : You work over at the college, or are you full-time over at the...
House : I'm looking for a distraction.
House : You don't need to talk to do that, do you?