Cuddy : - Where is my assistant? - She left.
Doctor : - When? - Wednesday.
Cuddy : - Seriously? - Well, the temp agency sent someone,
Brenda : but she got lost.
Cuddy : Well, when she gets here, fire her.
House : Oh, yeah.
Cuddy : - Did you issue this memo? - Look at that.
UNK: Congratulations.
Cuddy : The patient that has been in a coma for two years and counting
Cuddy : is still in a coma.
Cuddy : This is not my signature.
Cuddy : I don't know anything about this guy.
Cuddy : I'm supposed to introduce him? Have lunch?
Cuddy : - The coma patient has a migraine? - Oh, no, no, no.
House : No, I gave him medication to prevent a migraine.
Cuddy : That's a migraine.
Cuddy : Increased flow velocity in his cerebral arteries.
House : I did subsequently give him nitroglycerin, which could possibly...
Cuddy : You induced a migraine headache in a coma patient?
UNK: I gave him a little headache, similar to the one you're giving me now.
Cuddy : Have you even read an ethical guideline?
UNK: Well, it would be wrong to try out a new migraine prevention medication
House : on someone who can actually feel pain.
Cuddy : - Did you sign this? - Yeah.
House : We can talk later about the appropriate discipline.
Cameron : Because of the burn,
Cameron : we can't perform any of our normal tests to see what's wrong.
Cameron : So we're going to try a Galvanometer.
Cameron : It picks up a pulse in the wrists and the ankles.
UNK: Hopefully it'll tell us why his heart rhythm is abnormal.
Doug : - What have I done to him? I... - It was an accident.
UNK: All right? So...
Emily : He's got all these burns
Emily : and now there's something wrong with his heart?
Cameron : We're trying to figure out if the two are somehow connected.
Cameron : - Had he been sick lately? - No, nothing.
Cameron : Anything unusual with his behavior?
Cameron : - Had he been tired a lot? - Nothing.
Doug : He was great, he was happy, he was just having a great time, and then...
Cameron : If he was experimenting with amphetamines or cocaine...
UNK: No.
Emily : We gave him some pot about a year ago, to try...
Doug : It was just once.
Doug : We thought if we took the mystery out of drugs and alcohol,
Doug : the less he'd experiment.
UNK: We'll know more after the tests.
Doug : It looks like they're gonna electrocute him.
Foreman : Plug it in.
Chase : You plug it in.
Foreman : Fine. Give me the cord.
UNK: Works.
Foreman : Prominent U waves.
UNK: No inverted T wave. No ischemia.
Foreman : Q wave normal.
Foreman : That's not good.
UNK: Okay, turn it off. Turn it off!
Doug : - What's happening? - What is that?
UNK: The seizure's getting...
UNK: Can't you stop that?
House : Who electrocuted my patient?
Foreman : - He had a seizure. - He wasn't electrocuted.
House : What does the seizure tell us? Move.
Cameron : What are you looking for?
UNK: Same as you are, love, acceptance, solid return on an investment.