UNK: We can't do a lumbar puncture either.
House : You're cramping my exits.
House : Don't tell me, no skin on his spine.
Chase : We'd be inserting a needle into an area that's teeming with bacteria.
Chase : If he doesn't have a brain infection already, we'd give him one for sure.
Cameron : There's no other way to look at a brain.
House : Transcranial Doppler Sonography.
UNK: She said "brain", not "pregnant woman's uterus."
UNK: They do sound alike. I used one to look at a brain this morning.
Foreman : Why didn't you take the patient to Radiology, get an MRA?
UNK: Obviously I was doing something illegal.
House : Using nuclear imaging would have raised questions.
UNK: You're not gonna get a diagnosis of MS from a sonogram.
House : Not definitively, but patients with MS
House : have more reactive neurons in their occipital cortex.
UNK: Okay then.
Cuddy : Thank you for all coming to today's lecture
Cuddy : by Dr. Phillip Weber,
Cuddy : who is our guest today at our hospital
UNK: to talk about headaches.
Cuddy : Dr. Weber is at the Weber Center for Pain, that makes sense.
Cuddy : Weber, Weber. So please welcome Dr. Weber!
UNK: Thank you Dr. Cuddy.
UNK: I suppose I should tell you a little bit more about myself.
Weber : I went to school in Virginia.
Wilson : You've never been to one of these things in your life.
Wilson : - Who is this guy? - No idea.
Wilson : What's with the outfit?
House : Sudden chills and light sensitivity.
UNK: Inexplicable.
Weber : I received my medical degree at Johns Hopkins University,
Weber : where I studied under Brightman and Gilmar...
Wilson : Hmm. He must be good.
Wilson : You went to Hopkins, and studied under Brightman and Gilmar.
UNK: Shh.
UNK: Helped me win the Doyle Internship at the Mayo Clinic.
Wilson : You were supposed to get the Doyle Internship.
UNK: This guy's Von Lieberman? The guy who got you thrown out for cheating?
House : The dean threw me out. Von Lieberman just ratted on me.
Wilson : This guy's name is Weber, not Von Lieberman.
UNK: I call Weber Von Lieberman, way eviler.
UNK: Shh.
UNK: 1D receptors have improved the acute treatment of migraines,
Weber : to this point...
Wilson : So what's the plan?
UNK: You gonna wait until he bends over and make a fart sound?
House : I'm not here about the past. He's a bad scientist.
Wilson : Well, you cheated off him, how bad can he be?
House : He got the answer wrong.
Doug : Are they trying to wake him up?
Doug : They can't do that, right? He'll be in too much pain.
Cameron : Don't worry, he's still under.
Cameron : But the brain never completely sleeps, it's always working.
Cameron : Controlling your heart rate, breathing, temperature.
Cameron : The eyes respond to visual stimuli.
Cameron : Blood flow increases in certain areas of the brain
Cameron : and we can track that with a sonogram.
Cameron : With MS, blood vessels are more reactive, so flow is faster.
Cameron : If Adam has an infection,
UNK: there'd be swelling, which would constrict the arteries.
Cameron : And the flow would be slower.
UNK: Chase. Near the subarachnoid space.
Weber : Data from control subjects were analyzed of a two-way ANOVA
Weber : with status and side as within-subject factors.
Wilson : You stalked this guy for 20 years just for this shot to humiliate him?
House : I'm trying to learn.
Weber : Vessels without significant rebound...
House : He doesn't even know what that means.
UNK: You're gonna interrupt him, aren't you?
House : If I have a question.
Wilson : And what's that gonna accomplish?
House : Why can't you just enjoy this? Why can't you just be happy for me?
Wilson : You have got to find less debilitating outlets than humiliating people.