Ryan : Until they got blown to high heaven.
UNK: Yes, but Smith is dead. He died in hospital.
Esposito : Maybe that's just how he wanted it to look.
Castle : Smith did have the resources to fake his own death.
Castle : And that is the only way Bracken would stop hunting him.
Ryan : Bracken? Is that what this is all about?
UNK: INDISTINCT ARGUING
Castle : We believe Vulcan's drug money was funding his campaign.
Castle : We were trying to find a link, but maybe we got too close.
Esposito : Well, how does Smith fit in?
Beckett : I don't know.
Castle : But if he took the risk of showing himself,
Castle : something big must be going on.
Esposito : Between the cops and Bracken's guys, Beckett's right in the crosshairs.
Ryan : What can we do?
UNK: Guys, we gotta go.
Castle : I'll let you know.
Ryan : Hey! You okay?
UNK: Yeah. Were you followed?
Castle : No. No, no. I switched cabs three times, just to be sure.
UNK: Donovan's got half the force looking for you.
UNK: For the couple who has everything. Two matching burner phones.
UNK: GPS turned off, of course.
Beckett : Listen, Castle, I can't ask you to stick around anymore.
Castle : You don't have to ask. I'm volunteering.
Beckett : No. It's too dangerous.
Beckett : Bracken knows that I was bluffing now.
Beckett : That I don't have this huge file of evidence against him.
Beckett : Because if I did, I wouldn't have to go after Vulcan to bring him down.
Beckett : I've overplayed my hand.
Beckett : There's nothing to stop him from killing me anymore,
UNK: so he's making his move.
Beckett : And I have to make mine.
Beckett : I called his office in D.C. Bracken's in New York.
UNK: So what's your plan? You're gonna take a run at him with nothing?
Beckett : What's my other option?
Beckett : Hide in the shadows and wait for them to arrest me?
Beckett : Two days later, I'll end up hanging in my jail cell.
UNK: "Rogue cop commits suicide."
Castle : Maybe there's another way.
Esposito : I pulled the death certificate for Michael Smith
UNK: from Saint Simon's Hospital.
UNK: It was signed by a Dr. Oliver Pressing.
Esposito : He's a legit doctor, in good standing.
Castle : Someone above reproach.
UNK: An excellent candidate to help you fake your death.
Castle : Did you find any other connections between Dr. Pressing and Smith?
UNK: As...
UNK: - MOUSE CLICKS - COMPUTER BEEPS