SMITH : He told me there was something out there the Senator was afraid of.
Smith : A recording made by a former associate to protect...
Smith : A recording in which Bracken admits to murder.
MONTGOMERY : When you walked into the 12th, I felt the hand of God.
UNK: Montgomery voiceover : I knew he was giving me another chance, and I thought,
UNK: Montgomery voiceover : if I could protect you the way I should have protected her...
BECKETT : You're Montgomery. I mean, Captain Montgomery.
UNK: Do I know you, Officer Beckett?
Beckett : No, sir, I just...
Beckett : I've always wanted to do what you do. I wanted to be in Homicide.
Montgomery : Is that right? And what are you doing now?
UNK: Patrol.
Montgomery : I can see that, but what are you doing in the archives?
UNK: I'm sorry, sir, I didn't mean to be here.
Beckett : I know I shouldn't be,
UNK: but I was looking into a case. My mom's homicide.
MONTGOMERY : Johanna Beckett.
Beckett : Did you know her?
Montgomery : I know her case is unsolved.
Montgomery : And you're reviewing the files
UNK: to see if they might've missed something.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Montgomery : If the case is unsolved,
UNK: chances are the answers you're looking for probably aren't in that file.
UNK: What did your mother do, Officer Beckett?
Beckett : She was a lawyer.
Montgomery : And you think her death might've had something
Montgomery : to do with a case she was handling?
Beckett : Well, the detective that was working her case, Raglan,
Beckett : said that it was just random, but...
UNK: But did you look through her personal belongings?
Montgomery : Old notebooks, journals, diaries? Cassette recordings?
Montgomery : Stuff like that?
Beckett : Yes, sir. Tons of times. But I haven't found anything that seems relevant.
Montgomery : Well, keep looking. You never know when something might turn up.
Montgomery : Nice meeting you, Officer Beckett.
Montgomery : Sorry about your mom.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
UNK: How you feeling?
Beckett : Where are we?
Castle : Ripton, Vermont, population 588.
UNK: Couple of short hours, we will be crossing into Canada.
Beckett : Turn around. We have to go back.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - What? - It was Montgomery.
Beckett : He made that recording of Bracken, the one that Smith has been looking for.
Esposito : Captain Montgomery? How can you possibly know that?
Beckett : Castle, when I first met him,
Beckett : he was saying things about my mother's murder.
Beckett : Things that I didn't understand at the time.
Beckett : But he specifically mentioned a cassette recording.
Castle : And Smith said that the person who made that recording
Castle : was a former associate of Bracken's.
Beckett : Yeah. It adds up.
Castle : Okay, but if Montgomery did have that kind of evidence,
Castle : why wouldn't he have just given it to Smith?
Beckett : I think he gave it to my mom.
Beckett : He asked if I had been through her belongings,
Beckett : if I came across a cassette.
Castle : Kate, if he gave her the tape, you would've found it.
Castle : You've been through her things a million times.
Beckett : Castle, I didn't know what I was looking for.
Beckett : The answer is there. I know it.
Beckett : I have a box of her things in my apartment. We've got to go back.
Castle : That's crazy. They'll be staking out your place.
Beckett : Not Bracken's guys. Not now.
Castle : And how about Donovan's guys? He'll have cops up there.
Castle : There's no way we're getting near that place.
Beckett : We will. We just need a little help.
UNK: Hey, guys! Yeah, it's your, uh, lucky day.
Ryan : Donovan sent us over so you can grab a bite to eat.
Uniform : We're not supposed to take lunch for another hour.
Esposito : Oh, I'm sorry, is this not a good time for you?
Esposito : So, what, we should just wait here until you guys get hungry?
Ryan : All right. We'll grab a slice and be back in a few.
BECKETT : Thanks.
UNK: - You guys got about two minutes. - BECKETT : Okay.
UNK: Okay, if Montgomery gave her the tape,
UNK: she would've written something down about it.
Beckett : I kept some of her notebooks in here.
Beckett : Damn it!
Castle : Her appointment book.
Castle : What is this, some kind of shorthand?
Beckett : Uh, yeah. She developed a code when she was in law school