BECKETT : Yes, I was there.
Beckett : But I didn't kill him.
Beckett : I thought about it, though.
Castle : What the hell, Kate? We had a deal. Why didn't you tell me?
Beckett : I knew you wouldn't let me go.
Castle : You're damn right I wouldn't. It was reckless.
Beckett : It was a calculated risk. I couldn't let Vulcan slip away.
Beckett : Only I didn't move fast enough.
Castle : So, what happened last night?
Beckett : He was in the shadows. He was waiting.
Beckett : It's like he knew I was coming. And we had words. That's it.
Beckett : He was alive when I left.
Castle : And you didn't see anyone else?
Beckett : No. Just him.
Castle : Kate, you absolutely cannot tell anyone you were at that garage.
Gates : I know.
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
CASTLE : Who are they?
Beckett : The guy in the front is Captain Donovan. He's Internal Affairs.
UNK: - CELLPHONE RINGING - He took over
Beckett : after Gates transferred here.
BECKETT : What's he doing here?
UNK: CELLPHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Lanie? Hey.
Lanie : Kate, we have a problem.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Lanie : I found a bullet in Vulcan's body, lodged in his spine.
UNK: A.40 caliber. Killer must have missed it.
Beckett : How is that a problem? If Ballistics gets a match, then...
Lanie : Ballistics did get a match.
Lanie : The bullet came from a pistol that was registered to you.
Lanie : Kate, Vulcan Simmons was killed with your gun.
Castle : How could it be from your gun? You have your gun.
Beckett : That's my backup piece.
UNK: I have a.40 cal in my safe at home.
Castle : You're being set up.
Gates : I see what the ballistics report says, Marcus, but it's wrong.
Gates : Detective Beckett would never do anything like this.
UNK: Marcus Donovan : This isn't a debate, Victoria.
UNK: I'm just giving you a heads-up because we have history.
UNK: Marcus Donovan : Now, where is she?
Donovan : Cover the other doors.
GATES : You're making a mistake, Marcus.
UNK: Something else is going on here.
Donovan : Doesn't matter. I have my orders.
Donovan : Where's Detective Beckett?
Castle : I have no idea.
Donovan : Lock down the precinct. Make sure she does not leave this building.
Castle : I'm telling you, I don't know where she went.
Donovan : You were just in the break room with Detective Beckett.
Donovan : What did she say to you before she fled?
Castle : That she didn't kill Vulcan Simmons.
Donovan : Do you understand this woman is now the target of a manhunt?
Donovan : That she's most likely a murderer?
Castle : I can't help you.
Donovan : I want him gone.
Donovan : He has no business in this precinct.
UNK: Not when we're conducting this investigation.
Gates : I'm afraid he's right, Mr. Castle. You're gonna have to leave.
UNK: Gladly.
ESPOSITO : L.T., follow us a minute.
Lt : Make it fast.
Ryan : What's this all about, Castle?
Castle : Guys, she wouldn't want you involved.
Esposito : We're already involved. We're family, bro.
UNK: And we know this is bigger than Vulcan Simmons.
UNK: How?
Ryan : We canvassed around the hotel where Jason Marks was staying.
UNK: The bell captain there said he had a meeting with this man. Look familiar?
Castle : Yeah. That's Smith.
Esposito : Captain Montgomery's friend, right?
Esposito : The one who kept Beckett safe by holding those files on Bracken?