UNK: Kevin Ryan : Street sweeper found the body and called it in around 5 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Did the victim have a wallet?
Ryan : Yeah. His name is Jason Marks.
Ryan : According to the business card in his wallet,
Ryan : he runs a political consulting firm on K Street in D.C.
Ryan : Hey. You okay?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, fine. So did the firm say what he was doing in town?
Ryan : No, no, not yet. I left a message. Still haven't heard back yet.
Beckett : So he was shot?
UNK: Double-tap to the chest. At close range, too.
UNK: Okay. What time?
Lanie : I'm guessing between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Well, there's not a lot of blood, so he must've been killed someplace else.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Then they brought his body here and dumped it.
Beckett : Ryan, were there any witnesses? Anyone that saw a car driving away?
Ryan : Not yet, but I just started the canvass.
Beckett : Okay. Let's take a look at the traffic cams,
Beckett : see if we can figure out who else was in this alleyway.
ESPOSITO : Actually, I'm already on that.
UNK: Been all up and down 17th Street, there's no cameras.
UNK: Javier Esposito : But I'm pulling all traffic video in a two-block radius.
Castle : You know what?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Why don't we extend that to a five-block radius?
Ryan : Five? We usually only do two.
UNK: STAMMERS Yeah. Just call it a hunch.
RYAN : All right.
Beckett : I'll see you guys at the precinct. I have to go and take care of something.
UNK: - RINGING - BEEPING
UNK: RINGING CONTINUES
Beckett : Damn it.
CASTLE : This is Richard Castle. Leave me a message.
UNK: BEEPS
BECKETT : Hey, Castle. You're probably still in the air.
UNK: Listen, when you land, come straight to the precinct. Something's happened.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. You good?
UNK: Yeah. Hey, uh, did you get anything from Jason Marks' office?
Ryan : Yeah. They had no idea that he was in town.
Ryan : Neither did his family.
Ryan : Whatever he was doing here, he was keeping it on the down-low.
Ryan : But we did find out that Marks was staying at a hotel in Midtown.
Ryan : We're checking to see whether he had any guests
Ryan : or made any phone calls while he was there.
Esposito : I just found something a whole lot hotter than that.
Esposito : I pulled footage from a five-block radius, like you asked.
Esposito : Turned out to be a hell of a hunch.
Esposito : A camera off 12th caught Marks in a town car. Look who's driving.
Beckett : Vulcan Simmons.
UNK: If this picture was taken five blocks from the crime scene, at 1 : 16 a.m.,
UNK: it means that Marks was probably killed just a few minutes later.
UNK: Maybe there's some other video of Vulcan pulling the trigger.
Esposito : There isn't. I was able to track them to 15th Street,
Esposito : but there's no coverage after that.
Ryan : What's a drug lord like Vulcan Simmons doing mixed up
Ryan : with a D.C. Political consultant anyway?
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Beckett : Six weeks, Castle.
Beckett : Six weeks following Vulcan Simmons, hoping for a lead,
Beckett : and when we finally find someone that connects him to Bracken,
Beckett : the guy ends up dead in an alley?
Castle : If Jason Marks is the conduit between Vulcan's drug money
Castle : and Senator Bracken's presidential campaign,
Castle : why would they kill him?
Beckett : Something's changed.
Beckett : Maybe Bracken's firewalling himself again.
Beckett : Erasing all of the dots before they connect back to him.
Beckett : We have to move fast before those dots disappear.
Castle : No. We talked about this. No unnecessary risks.
UNK: I'm not gonna stand by while my mother's murderer becomes
Beckett : President of the United States.
Castle : Maybe you won't have to.
UNK: We've been looking at Marks' death like it's a setback.
Castle : What if it's the breakthrough we need?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Vulcan Simmons just became the prime suspect
Castle : in a murder investigation.
Castle : You've been given an all-access pass to his life.
Castle : We play our cards right, you nail him with this...
Beckett : He might roll on Bracken.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective? My office, please.
BECKETT : No, sir, you can't do this.
Beckett : You can't take me off this case.
Beckett : Nobody knows Vulcan Simmons like I do.
UNK: And no one has a history with him like you do.
Gates : His lawyers will spin it as a personal vendetta.
Gates : Now, Mr. Simmons is being brought in for questioning,
Gates : and it's best that you're not here when he shows up.
Beckett : Sir, I need to be a part of this case.
Gates : I know. But you can't be.
Gates : Take the rest of the day off, Detective. That's an order.
BECKETT : This car is the key.
Beckett : If that's where Vulcan killed Marks,