UNK: - MOUSE CLICKS - COMPUTER BEEPS
Esposito : As a matter of fact, I did.
UNK: WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON PA
UNK: Dr. Pressing? NYPD. We need to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Oliver Pressing : I don't have much time. I'm about to start my rounds.
CASTLE : We understand you belong to the Magellan Yacht Club.
Esposito : As a matter of fact, you are a member of the board.
UNK: Is there a problem at the club?
Beckett : Do you know Michael Smith?
Castle : It seems that you would, since he was also a board member.
Pressing : Well, I was acquainted with Mr. Smith, until he passed away.
Pressing : Excuse me, I'm a little confused. What's the nature of your inquiry?
Beckett : We're looking for him.
Pressing : Well, like I told you, he's deceased.
Beckett : Doctor, you helped him disappear.
Pressing : That's absurd.
Pressing : I signed his death certificate because he was dead.
Beckett : Please. We just need to reach him. We know that he's in town.
Beckett : You helped him because you knew that he was in danger,
Beckett : and we're in the same danger now.
Pressing : I'm sorry, you're wasting your time, and mine.
Castle : Doctor, we can make a lot more noise.
Castle : Is that what you want? Is that what he wants?
UNK: Castle, we got to go.
Beckett : My picture shouldn't be on the news. Not for this. Not this fast.
Beckett : - Bracken? - Yeah.
UNK: We got to get the hell out of here.
Beckett : Castle, stairwell.
UNK: CELLPHONE RINGING
UNK: Wait,
UNK: it's my phone. My burner phone.
Beckett : - How did someone... - RINGING CONTINUES
Castle : I have no idea.
UNK: - BEEPS - Hello?
SMITH : I understand you're looking for me, Mr. Castle.
Smith : Meet me in the usual place. Twenty minutes.
UNK: LINE DISCONNECTS
Castle : That's Smith.
Castle : Let's go.
CASTLE : He's late.
Beckett : Maybe he changed his mind, got spooked.
Castle : This guy doesn't spook.
Beckett : SIGHS Do you really think he can help us?
Castle : He has before.
Smith : That's close enough.
UNK: I've gone to great lengths to keep alive. I'd like to stay that way.
BECKETT : And yet you came back.
UNK: Well, I can survive in the shadows. I just don't want to live there forever.
Castle : You need to take Bracken down. Same as we do.
Beckett : There has to be a way.
Smith : Yes, and I thought I'd found it.
Smith : I got to one of Bracken's men.
UNK: He told me there was something that the Senator was afraid of.
Smith : A recording made by a former associate to protect himself.
Smith : A recording in which Bracken admits to murder.
Beckett : Do you know where it is?
Smith : No, and neither does Bracken.
UNK: Though he spent considerable resources trying to recover it,
Smith : as did I,
Smith : for over a year, with no luck.
Smith : Hell, it may not even exist.
Smith : But in my search, I did make a contact.
UNK: A consultant at Bracken's organization.
Smith : And he promised
Smith : that he could expose Bracken's campaign finances as corrupt.
Smith : But it got him killed.
Beckett : - Jason Marks. - SMITH : Yes.
Smith : I was close to bringing him into the fold,
UNK: but they must've found out, which made him a liability.
UNK: There's got to be another way to get to Bracken.
Smith : There isn't. I just have to start again.
Beckett : We've been tracking Vulcan's network. Maybe we can help.
Smith : Detective, you are radioactive.
Smith : You can't even help yourself.
Smith : Don't try to contact me again.
CASTLE : Smith, there must be something we can do.
Smith : Run. Disappear.
Smith : Because if you don't,
Smith : he will kill you.
Ryan : She's all over the news.
Ryan : You heard anything from them? Calls? Texts?
Esposito : - Not since this afternoon. - Hmm.
Esposito : And we can't make a move till we know where they are.
GATES : Gentlemen,
Gates : is there something going on here that I should know about?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Gates : Beckett's not a killer. I know that.
Gates : But she's going to go down for this.
UNK: It's open and shut. Unless I can protect her.
Gates : And I can't do that if I'm left in the dark.
Gates : So if she's being set up, I need to know why.
Ryan : Sir, how much do you know about Beckett's mother's murder?
UNK: It was a random stabbing. Never solved.
Esposito : There's a lot more to it than that.
Gates : Tell me everything.
Castle : The fugitive suite. Best room that cash and no ID can buy.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: We've got to take the fight to Bracken.
Castle : By looking for a mythical tape that no one can find?
Castle : No, Smith was right. Once we change your look, we get out of town.