UNK: Fine.
House : Better go with him. Make sure he doesn't snap and hurt somebody.
UNK: Yeah, but y-you're treating him for both diseases.
UNK: We're covering all the bases. What... throw everything against the wall and see what sticks?
Chase : Works for spaghetti.
UNK: A-Are you being funny? Apparently not.
Jeffrey : You know why I give money to this hospital?
Jeffrey : It's the only way to get attention. See this?
UNK: Is this a magic trick? 'Cause I am a total David Copperfield fan.
UNK: Although I thought that tornado of fire... that seemed a little fake. Pain in the wrist. It won't go away for months.
UNK: Six doctors' brilliant conclusion is to take it easy. I write a check, name goes on a plaque,
UNK: and 48 hours later I've got two M.R.I.'s, a bone scan and a diagnosis : carpal tunnel.
UNK: I'm in surgery that afternoon.
UNK: Fascinating story. Have you thought of adapting it for the stage?
UNK: I love my... Look at me. I love my son.
UNK: I love him more than anything else in the world. Start paying attention to this case, or I'm gonna make things miserable...
UNK: Go to your son's room. Not until you get your ass...
House : There's a problem.
Jeffrey : - What is it? - I don't know.
Foreman : Skin lesions are spreading all over his body.
UNK: They're opening up, and the fatty tissues are oozing out.
Foreman : He'll be septic in a matter of days. Death by dermatitis.
Rowan : - Where's Robert? - Uh, he has clinic duty this morning.
House : No, he doesn't. I rescheduled you guys so you'd be free. Yeah, but he re-rescheduled himself.
Patient : It doesn't hurt yet. Keep going.
House : You page me?
Chase : No, I don't need you. Come on.
House : We all need help now and again. You're getting a consult.
House : Okay. We've got new skin lesions, bigger and uglier. What would cause that? - My hand hurts.
Rowan : What if his body worked so hard attacking the anthrax that it started attacking itself?
Cameron : - Autoimmune. - Wouldn't present this aggressively.
Cameron : - It's not likely, but it is possible. - What, in a twelve-year-old male?
UNK: This isn't about me, is it? - Gabe's dad found leishmaniasis and filariasis on the Internet yesterday.
Chase : They didn't fit then, but now they kind of do. - Sure,
House : except for the nodules, and we're not working out of Calcutta General.
Chase : - Multiple neurofibromatosis. - You think this is neurological?
Chase : The only reason you're thinking autoimmune is because you're a rheumatologist.
Chase : If you were a proctologist, you'd think rectal cancer.
House : Gotta go with Senior.
House : - He literally wrote the book on this one. - Autoimmune is a big universe.