Cameron : It could be anything from scleroderma to Churg-Strauss.
Foreman : Whatever it is, we should start him on steroids, keep the swelling down.
UNK: A hundred milligrams of cytoxan... It treats most autoimmunes.
House : Well, give it to him now before the fat starts dripping out his eyeballs.
Patient : Hey, my fingers are numb.
House : Your watch is on too tight.
UNK: You're messing with my head. Your relationship with your dad is messing with your ability to do your job.
Chase : Only because you made my dad part of my job. Good point.
UNK: You haven't seen him in years, he flies across the Atlantic to see you... Pacific.
House : You breeze by him like he's a Hare Krishna at the airport, don't ask why he's in town. - It's probably a conference.
UNK: Probably.
UNK: I was hoping to do this through sheer manipulation, but if you insist on talking, fine. Talk.
UNK: What did he do to you? - How would you feel if I interfered in your personal life?
House : I'd hate it... that's why I cleverly have no personal life.
UNK: I'm gonna biopsy his skin lesions.
House : Good thinking. Prove your dad wrong. That'll solve everything.
Chase : Who extubated him? I did.
Rowan : Temperature's down two degrees, and the swelling's almost gone.
Sarah : And his skin looks better too.
Rowan : Cytoxan is working.
Chase : - Feeling better, Gabe? - Yep, a lot.
Chase : Dr. Chase, can you and I have a word?
Chase : Your diagnosis is wrong. No autoimmune disease.
Chase : The swelling's probably just down because we've got him on steroids. It's masking whatever's really wrong.
UNK: A.N.A.'s are unreliable. Phospholipid antibodies are negative, so no lupus. Same for Churg-Strauss.
Rowan : You're arguing with a rheumatologist.
UNK: There's about 20 distinct autoimmune diseases... Why are you here?
Rowan : S.L.E. conference.
Chase : You were in New York last year for the scleroderma conference. I didn't hear anything from you.
Rowan : Just wanted to say hi this time. You said it. You're still here.
Rowan : I miss you.
Chase : I was 15 years old when you walked out. Now you're walking back in?
Rowan : I left your mother. I didn't leave you.
Chase : Mum was living on gin and tonics. How was I supposed to take care of her? She wasn't your responsibility.
Chase : I know! She was yours.
Rowan : I'm sorry she died. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.
Rowan : But she was falling apart long before...
Chase : I've got to talk to House about this treatment.
House : But the patient's getting better.
Chase : In spite of the cytoxan.
House : On the other hand... getting better.
Chase : Cytoxan makes him more susceptible to infection.
Chase : The anthrax could relapse and be more resistant. Better!
Chase : You want a negative test for every autoimmune disease known to man?
UNK: Fine. I'll get 'em. - Be home by midnight or you can't have the car this weekend.
House : You guys talk? Did he tell you why he's here?
Chase : The S.L.E. conference.