House : Never trust doctors. Run a Fite stain.
Rowan : No wonder he got anthrax. The leprosy weakened his immune system.
UNK: Vicious circle : The leprosy made him vulnerable to the anthrax,
House : and the anthrax treatment put the leprosy in overdrive.
Chase : But the antibiotics we gave him... they cure leprosy. - Yeah. That's where the trouble starts.
House : The antibiotics hit the nerve strands.
House : They kill the leprosy bacteria, and the corpses get tossed into the system.
House : And as fascinating as our bodies are, they're also stupid.
House : They produce antibodies to beat dead bacteria.
House : And these aren't the polite antibodies.
House : They're the ones that won't sit still, kick during nap time.
House : They attack his neural and fat cells,
UNK: causing inflammation and all the rest of his symptoms.
Rowan : So the cure's killing him.
House : I want you to call down to Carville, Louisiana, home of the last leper colony in the Lower 48.
UNK: Get 'em to send up some thalidomide.
UNK: Thalidomide? - Twelve-year-olds don't have sex, right? So he can't be pregnant.
House : Make the call.
House : I need to speak to your boy.
UNK: Hmm.
Chase : Why does everybody need to know my business?
House : People like talking about people.
House : Makes us feel superior, makes us feel in control,
House : and sometimes, for some people, knowing some things makes them care.
UNK: I tell you my dad left, my mum drank herself to death, you gonna care about me more?
House : Cameron would. Me, I just like knowing stuff.
House : I know you hate your dad.
UNK: - Now, I'm gonna tell you something... - I don't hate him.
Chase : I loved him until I figured out that it hurts a lot less to just not care.
Chase : You don't expect him to turn up to your football match, no disappointments.
Chase : You don't expect a call on your birthday, don't expect to see him for months, no disappointments.
Chase : You want us to go make up... Sink a few beers together, nice family hug?
Chase : I've given him enough hugs. He's given me enough disappointments.
UNK: Okay.
Sarah : - That's it? - That's it.
UNK: Breathe.
Chase : Breathe again.
Chase : Breathe again.
UNK: Are you gonna have to tell my friends I'm a leper?
Chase : You had the antibiotics. You're not contagious anymore.
UNK: Well, what if they already caught it?
Chase : Leprosy is incredibly hard to catch. Even your mum didn't get it.
Chase : Right. I want you to make a fist.
Gabe : It's still kinda stiff.
Chase : It'll get back to normal in a month or two. Your skin, two or three weeks.
UNK: Security 12, call 3662.
Chase : You haven't asked about your dad.
Gabe : He lied about everything.
Gabe : He lied to my mom. He lied to his boss.
Gabe : He's just a liar.
Chase : He loves you.
Gabe : I don't love him.
Chase : Yeah, you do.
Chase : Nothing you can do about it. He's your dad.
Chase : It doesn't matter what he does. You're gonna love him.
UNK: Here. Thanks.
UNK: Hey!
Chase : When's your flight? You got time for a drink?
Rowan : Wish I did.
Rowan : Dr. Chase?
UNK: I got it.
UNK: You're gonna be gettin' down to Oz anytime soon?
Chase : Not too long. Next autumn, I hope.
UNK: I'll call ya.
Chase : Well, you're all set.
UNK: I'll see ya. Yeah.
Chase : I'll see you.