UNK: Going back to the conference? Afternoon panel. I hope I can stay awake.
UNK: I hope you can get in. You're not registered.
UNK: I get it. You had to make up a lie.
UNK: Can't just tell your kid you're here to see him.
UNK: I mean, what father does that?
UNK: That little blue dot under your collar... It's a tattoo for guiding radiation treatment.
UNK: I was looking for it after I saw what you had for breakfast : brown rice, vegetables.
UNK: It's a macrobiotic diet... popular with Hollywood starlets and... cancer patients.
UNK: Lungs. Stage IV.
House : - You look good. - I'm not.
Rowan : Came to the States to go to Sloan-Kettering and see Dr. Wilson.
House : - What'd he say? - Three months.
House : But you haven't told Robert.
House : You don't want to burden him, because you were such a lousy dad.
Rowan : I'd prefer you not tell him.
UNK: Yeah. That's better.
House : I'll get to see his face when he reads his dad's obituary.
Rowan : It's not your business.
House : I suppose it isn't.
Gabe : You sure do a lot of tests.
Chase : If we figure out exactly which autoimmune condition it is, we can get you better quicker.
Gabe : Was that your dad before? Yeah.
Gabe : That's so cool. Do you guys work together a lot?
Chase : Not really.
Gabe : When can I go home?
Chase : We'll see.
Chase : Looks like you got your appetite back. That's a good sign.
Chase : Want some water? Yes.
Sarah : - Ah! - Here you go.
UNK: Whoops. That's all right. Water's cheap.
Cameron : - Oh, God. - What?
Gabe : I can't... I can't move my hand.
UNK: Can you squeeze my fingers for me, Gabe?
Chase : He's getting worse. Now his entire right hand and forearm are paralyzed.
UNK: And his fever's back. It's up over 105. If we don't stop the nerve deterioration quickly, he'll be paralyzed for life.
House : Well, luckily, at this rate that should only last about a week.
UNK: Okay. So... - I told you we should get him off the cytoxan.
Chase : This is toxic neuropathy. We've been shoving drugs into his system for a disease he doesn't have.
UNK: Well, it could be neurological. - What kind of brain process would cause a paralyzed hand,
Cameron : skin lesions and swollen throat nodules?
Rowan : Robert was right. You said multiple neurofibromatosis.
UNK: Are you saying that for the chance at a beautiful family moment, or is there some medicine involved?
UNK: - Mm-mmm. Fits better. - Too bad.
House : I was hoping for the other reason. I was gonna go get my camera.
House : Get a C.T. scan... his brain this time.
UNK: You'd think three copies would be enough, right?
Wilson : One's always been more than enough for me.
House : Why didn't you tell me that Rowan Chase was in to see you?
Wilson : Excuse me.
Wilson : Ethics, confidentiality... Does any of this ring a bell?
House : You could have covered yourself, called me in for a consult. It is a juicy piece of gossip.
Wilson : You know what happened? I got all focused on his cancer and lost perspective.
House : You can't tell Chase, but I can. What should I do?
Wilson : This is where I give you advice and pretend you're gonna listen to it. I like this part.
Wilson : Did Rowan ask you not to tell? I promised I wouldn't.
House : My fingers were crossed, though, so I'm wide open.
Wilson : I was wrong. This is the musing-out-loud part. Do I actually need to be here? Telling him.
House : Now, that's got real entertainment value. Mm. He might even cry.
Wilson : On the other hand, there is the do-unto-others thingy.
UNK: Well, then I should definitely tell him. I'd wanna know. You wanna know everything.
Wilson : There's also the keeping-your-promises thingy.
House : Oh, you never run out of thingies... like that blonde thingy you were chatting up.
Wilson : She's the hospital accountant. We were going over billing procedures.
House : Double-entry bookkeeping?
UNK: What are you gonna do?
Wilson : Billing procedures. They're so complicated, aren't they?
Cameron : You know, parents are never as bad as kids think they are.
UNK: If you like my dad so much, ask him out.
Cameron : I'd make an excellent stepmom. I'm very lenient.