Ryan : Phone records don't indicate any calls to unknown numbers.
UNK: And I thought you already ran his staff up.
Esposito : We did, and there were no records of anything
UNK: to indicate ties to organized crime.
Beckett : What about last night?
Esposito : Maggie Dowd was at dinner with friends.
UNK: Mario Guerrera worked late, packing patient files.
Esposito : And the senior nurse, Julia Hammond, claims she was home alone.
Beckett : What was Mario doing packing patient files last night?
Esposito : They're closing up shop. Patient files are all going to new doctors.
Beckett : It's just... Doesn't that seem like a weird thing
Beckett : to be doing on a Friday night?
UNK: Yeah, well, when you're a low man on the totem pole, that's what life is like.
UNK: People think they can call you in to work at 6 : 00 a. m. On a Saturday.
Beckett : Julia Hammond and Maggie Dowd. How long did they work for Dr. Leeds?
UNK: Uh, Hammond was with him 10 years.
Esposito : Maggie came on a few months back. Why?
UNK: Because our "low man on the totem pole," Mario Guerrera,
Beckett : started working for the doctor about a month ago.
Ryan : We checked him. We even called his nursing school. He's clean.
Beckett : Check again. They can't all be clean.
Castle : Where are you going?
Beckett : To see if Mario was actually at the office Friday night.
Julia : Detective. Is everything okay?
Beckett : - Mario, I need you to come with me. - Why?
Beckett : - We need to ask you some questions. - Did I do something wrong?
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Maggie. We double-checked everything,
Esposito : even called the nursing schools again.
UNK: This time, we had them send pictures. And the one of Maggie,
Esposito : it's a different girl.
UNK: It's Maggie. Where's Maggie Dowd?
Julia : - She didn't come in today. Why? - Detective.
UNK: Was Dr. Leeds affiliated with Saint Marcus Hospital?
Julia : Yeah, that's where we do our procedures.
UNK: - Lf she has a hospital ID... - She can finish the job.
Castle : You're off the hook. But don't leave town.
Guard : Room's restricted. I need to see your ID.
Guard : You have a Maggie Dowd on your list?
UNK: Female Guard : She's on the roster. You can let her through.
Maggie : I gotta say, Jimmy, you're a hard man to find.
Maggie : Took me weeks to even find out that you changed your face.
Maggie : Sodium thiopental. It's what they use in lethal injections.
Maggie : It's not as much fun as a plastic bag,
Maggie : but it does the trick.
Maggie : Oh, and, I got a message from Junior, Jimmy.
UNK: He says, "Go to hell. "
UNK: Hi.
Beckett : You're under arrest for the murder of Dr. Leeds
Beckett : and the attempted murder of Jimmy Moran.
Maggie : You're too late.
Castle : Oh, no. Oh, God.
Castle : Oh, don't worry. It's not attached to anything.
UNK: It's like we knew you were coming.
Beckett : Attempted murder of a federal witness. What's that going for these days?
UNK: Twenty-five to life.
Beckett : She's all yours.
Montgomery : Looks like you managed to set things right with the US Attorney's Office.
Beckett : She turned State's. When Moran recovers,
Beckett : the feds'll have two witnesses against the Spolanos.
Montgomery : But only Maggie back there can link them to murder.
UNK: No, but her real name is Carla Dante.
UNK: They call her "Carla Coldblood. "
Beckett : She's been killing for the family for five years now.
Beckett : When Jimmy dropped dime, the Spolanos sent their best.
UNK: Lady hitman. A real blow for women's rights. And the real Maggie Dowd?
Beckett : Works for a hospital in Seattle.
Beckett : She had no idea that they had stolen her identity.
Beckett : Carla even pulled a recommendation off of a job-hunting site
Beckett : in order to apply for the position with Leeds.
Beckett : Originally, she thought she was gonna get a photograph of Moran,
Beckett : and when she couldn't, she went after Leeds.
Montgomery : And then when Leeds didn't talk, she killed him.
Montgomery : But why stay around the office?
Beckett : If she left before Leeds' body was found, it would've looked suspicious.
Beckett : And she probably didn't think he'd be sitting around for a week.
Beckett : Then we showed up, and she waited to see how far we'd get.
Montgomery : That's good work, Detective. Very good work.