Foreman : Their hearts are barely pumping. Their lungs are shot.
Foreman : Now they're showing liver toxicity.
House : I guess Matt's mom won't nominate us for any Doctor of the Year awards.
Foreman : Only explanation is they got poisoned by something besides ethyl-parathion.
Foreman : Then the hydrolase would release the neurotoxins instead of bonding with them.
Cameron : The only thing they have in common is the bus.
House : Except their symptoms. Given their severity...
UNK: and the fact their cardiac symptoms are getting worse much faster than their other ones, what does that tell us?
UNK: The poison was probably absorbed through the skin.
UNK: They were admitted at 8 : 45 and 11 : 00. When were they poisoned?
Foreman : Absorption through the skin? Anywhere from three to eight hours.
Cameron : In a case that bad, more like one and a half to four.
UNK: So Matt was poisoned before 7 : 15. Before he got on the bus.
UNK: You're thinking each kid got poisoned in his own house? Two separate exposures?
House : What do teenage boys do in the morning, besides the obvious?
Foreman : Wake up, go to the bathroom,
UNK: then the obvious, then check their zits in the mirror.
UNK: - Do they both use the same acne cream? - Because acne cream contains lanolin,
Cameron : which could have pesticides, and you're thinking they both bought the same product...
UNK: - It was contaminated. Shaving cream. - Chi doesn't look like he shaves.
UNK: But he sweats. Deodorant could contain lanolin.
UNK: Do these people have animals? Chi has a dog. Matt has a cat.
Cameron : Fleas. Flea powder. Okay. Go to their houses.
House : Check for anything that might have touched their skin...
House : between the time they got up and the time they went to school.
House : I'm running low on tomato sauce.
UNK: Oh! Dr. House! Hello.
House : - I sent you home. - Well, I came back.
Georgia : I took a cab,
Georgia : so my son wouldn't try to chaperone us this time.
House : I'm sorry, but... the fact that the sexual pleasure center...
House : of your cerebral cortex has been overstimulated by spirochetes is...
UNK: It's a poor basis for a relationship. I learned that one the hard way.
UNK: Doctor, um, these feelings that I've been having...
Georgia : Is it all because of the syphilis?
UNK: Yes.
Georgia : Then... here's the prescription you gave me.
UNK: Well, it's not likely I'm going to infect anyone.
House : No, but it'll kill you.
UNK: Well, gotta go sometime,
UNK: and...
Georgia : I really don't want to play canasta for the rest of my life.
Georgia : I... I like feeling sexy again...
Georgia : and... making a fool out of myself with handsome, young doctors.
UNK: Do you think that I would have given you this...
House : if it would stop you from flirting with me?
UNK: Well, but if I'm cured... Then all the spirochetes will die off.
House : But the little pieces of your cerebral cortex that have been destroyed won't grow back.
House : You're brain damaged.
House : Doomed to feeling good for the rest of your life.
UNK: Really? Well, thank you.
UNK: Georgia.
UNK: Yeah.
Georgia : When I stop being contagious,
UNK: I'll come by for a checkup.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : - Matt uses Sure. - Chi uses Old Spice.
Forman : - No zit cream. - Lucky kid.
Cameron : Floral air freshener. Doesn't matter.
UNK: When was the last time you heard of a teenage boy using air freshener?
Foreman : Pert shampoo.
UNK: Um, Johnson's over here.
Cameron : Matt's mom would make him use air freshener.
Foreman : There are limits to a mother's power. Even hers.
Cameron : Just check.
Foreman : Negative on the floral.
Chase : Matt's A.L.T.'s are up to 800.
Chase : If they get any higher, we can toss his liver.
UNK: Yeah. - No matches on flea powder or underarm deodorant.
Foreman : - Or any other kind of deodorant. - What about shampoo?
Foreman : No to shampoo, bar soap, dish soap, dish detergent.