UNK: Clinic Patient Monroe : I need treatment for my Type 2 diabetes.
House : There is absolutely no part of that sentence that is true.
Monroe : I've been experiencing weight gain, fatigue and sluggishness.
UNK: Weight loss is a symptom of diabetes.
UNK: Fatigue is a symptom of thinking you
UNK: have a disease you don't actually have.
UNK: And sluggishness is a synonym of fatigue.
Monroe : I need insulin. I know it.
House : Much as I'd like to kill you by dangerously lowering your blood sugar,
House : murder violates my parole.
UNK: That blood work is weeks old. Test me again.
House : I am the test. The test is negative.
House : The test also thinks you're a giant pain in the ass.
House : That last insult was your cue to leave.
Monroe : Test me.
House : Fine. Wait right here.
Taub : Thank you.
House : Sleep study. Please make sure he's
House : not disturbed for the next eight hours.
Wilson : We need to talk about Saturday night.
House : No, no, no, no, no.
House : Historians will talk of Saturday night, not us.
House : The legendary night on which we watch Santos shatter Rubio's jaw
House : and you epically pay me $50.
Wilson : I have a chance to really watch it.
Wilson : A patient of mine has a pair of tickets he can't use.
Wilson : And obviously you're under house and office arrest,
Wilson : I just wanted to make sure you were cool
Wilson : if I go to Atlantic City without you.
House : No, thanks.
House : I'm afraid I'm gonna have to decline your invitation
House : to not spend Saturday night with you.
Wilson : These are ringside seats.
House : Cameras are ringside, too.
House : If you want, I could sweat and spit
House : and bleed on you from time to time.
Wilson : I'd take you if I could.
House : Well, I'd take me if either of us could.
House : See what a tough spot I'm in?
Wilson : I'm going to that fight.
House : All right, I'll take the other ticket.
House : Let me worry about logistics.
Chase : Patient's heart valves are normal. It's not endocarditis.
Chase : But he has a thickened pericardium, which makes no sense.
House : He has a heart problem, but not one that could've caused his TIA.
Adams : Syphilitic vasculitis would explain the TIA
Adams : and the pericardial inflammation.
Park : Syph test was negative. Plus, the kid's never been sexually active.
UNK: Yeah, I got that from the line on his chart that says "birthday clown.
Taub : His late father was a circus clown.
UNK: Histoplasmosis.
House : He's not immunocompromised.
House : And I assume you added that irrelevant tidbit
House : because you're moved by the son's idiotic tribute,
House : and think it justifies keeping your daughter in New Jersey.
UNK: But what if he has a heightened immune system.
UNK: I mentioned it because.“
House : Take your time. We'll continue with medicine.
UNK: Sjögren's could've given him chronic
Adams : pericarditis and cerebral arteritis.
UNK: Sjögren's it is. IV immunosuppressants to treat.
UNK: Anything?
Taub : This'll calm your immune system.
UNK: You should be out of here within the week.
Ben : My mom'll be happy to hear that.
Ben : I've got an internship that starts in three weeks.
Taub : I take it it's not at a place with a big top.
UNK: It's in my stepdad's law office.
Ben : I know I'm not any good at being a clown yet,
Ben : but when I do get a laugh,
Ben : see those kids' eyes light up,
Ben : that's how my dad made me feel when I was a kid.
UNK: You need to hang onto that.
Ben : My mom says he was a loving father,
Ben : but always broke and always on the road.
Ben : It's a stupid way to make a living.
Taub : You're 16. Plenty of time to make money.
Taub : Wanting to build a connection with your dad,
Taub : pass on some of the joy that he gave you,
Taub : that's not stupid at all.
Taub : I got it.
Ben : Is this because of the medication? Is it normal?
Taub : It's not normal, and ifs not Sjögren's.