Taub : Dr. Park is searching the registry.
Taub : Transfusing his platelets will keep him healthy while we wait.
Chase : You sure there's no one on the father's side of the family?
Chase : If one of them's a match, that'd speed things up a lot.
Janey : His parents died young, he was an only child.
Janey : There's no living relatives that I know of.
Taub : Something will turn up soon.
Ron : How soon is soon? Will he miss a lot of school?
Ben : I'm actually thinking of just getting my GED.
Janey : How do you expect to get into a good college?
Ben : I'm gonna take classes on magic, juggling, try to make a go of this.
Ron : Ben, you keep your grades up, you can do anything in the world.
Ben : Like what? Work in some boring office?
Ben : Do you think my father would have done that for 10 minutes?
Janey : You don't remember your father. You don't know...
Ben : I want to build a connection with him.
Taub : Pass on some of the joy that he gave me.
UNK: My...
Ben : My back hurts.
UNK: His BP's dropping.
Foreman : I'm in a meeting.
House : Sorry. Since you paged me I didn't want to keep you waiting.
Foreman : Yeah. I paged you, which means you're next.
House : That's cool. I'll wait.
Foreman : That's a good start Let's go through it point by point.
Foreman : First up...
Foreman : I'll call you back.
UNK: Just got this.
UNK: The American Association of Rheumatology
UNK: wants you to speak, 9 : 00, Saturday, in Atlantic City.
UNK: Dr. Neusinger canceled on them at the last minute.
House : I hate conferences.
UNK: Well, this is a big one. And it's the premium slot.
Foreman : I'd like you to do it.
Foreman : I'll clear it with your parole officer.
Foreman : What do I need to do for you?
House : Halve the clinic hours that you recently doubled,
House : and double the hooker budget that you recently halved.
House : I think you refer to it as petty cash.
UNK: Fine.
Foreman : Just one thing. I'm gonna ask them to put you on in the morning.
Foreman : We're doing them a favor. Why should you have to spend the night?
UNK: But you said that 9 : 00 was the premium slot.
UNK: I want to feel like I've earned my hookers.
Foreman : The place'll be a madhouse.
UNK: Especially since it's 2 miles from the Rubio fight, at the exact same time.
Foreman : Nice try. You called up, pretended to be Neusinger, canceled,
UNK: then suggested yourself as a replacement.
Foreman : You go to that fight, you go to prison.
UNK: Well, that'd be redundant
House : when I have an angry black guy waiting for me to drop the soap right here.
Foreman : Better go do some of those clinic hours I recently doubled.
Monroe : Test my urine.
House : Looks like I was wrong about my diagnosis.
Monroe : Yeah. I have diabetes.
House : No. But you're not a hypochondriac.
House : Or you'd have imagined some new disease
House : after I shot down the first one.
House : So whose urine is that? Diabetic girlfriend without health insurance?
Monroe : It's not a scam, I'm sick. Now I have swollen ankles.
House : The medical term is cankles.
House : Is there some black market in insulin that I don't know about?
Monroe : It's in my genes.
Monroe : My old man got diabetes at 50, my older brother got it at 50, I just turned 50.
UNK: Well, that's a great argument if diabetes was a gold watch.
UNK: I've got sciatica like my dad, class-four hemorrhoids like him.
Monroe : I need to get a jump on this thing.
Chase : We had to stop the transfusion.
Chase : Patient's having an allergic reaction to donor platelets.
Taub : No one in Mom's family's a match,
Taub : and as far as she knows, Dad has no living relatives.
Taub : It's been years since he died.
House : If the kid's dad died young of melanoma,
House : how come the overprotective mom
House : never took him to a dermatologist?
Monroe : Are you gonna test my urine, or what?
House : Not diabetes.
House : Use crossmatched platelets,
House : try to find the patient some blood that's closer to his own.
House : And get the real story on clown senior's death.
House : Mom's hiding something.
UNK: There's a good bet that it's medically relevant.
House : Apple juice. Easiest way to fake a spike in blood sugar.
Taub : His family history of melanoma may have affected his cellular outlook.