Monroe : I'm faint, I've been gaining more weight. I think I need a bigger dose.
House : If you double his placebo, he might drown.
House : Also, you forgot to mention that your heart rate is slow.
UNK: My heart rate's not...
UNK: 52?
House : The technical term is slow.
House : Those awful anti-diabetic meals you eat, do they contain bok choy?
UNK: Monroe's Wife : A pound of it. Every day.
House : Bok choy has glucosinolates,
House : which inhibit thyroid function and account for all your symptoms.
Monroe : So, this isn't diabetes?
House : You have a bad case of irony.
House : The food that you're eating to stop making you sick is making you sick.
Monroe : Maybe I don't have my father's crummy genes after all.
House : On the other hand, maybe you're
House : fat enough to get diabetes even without him.
Ben : I can't believe I have cancer.
Park : We caught it early. You should be okay.
Ben : I could die. I never went anywhere, did anything.
Ben : If my father had lived, everything would have been different.
Taub : Your mom and stepdad love you, they've given you a great home.
Taub : That counts for a lot.
Park : He's crashing, everything's shutting down.
Chase : Renal failure, lung failure, heart failure, all before we started chemo.
Taub : Burkitt's lymphoma is fast-moving, but not this fast.
House : No rush. ICU stands for "take your time" in Latin.
Park : Multiple aneurysms.
UNK: That would mean every symptom after his TIA was a coincidence.
Adams : Cholesterol emboli.
House : Bingo! Fits perfectly.
House : Check the file, confirm that we did major abdominal surgery on him,
House : and then completely forgot about it.
UNK: House.
UNK: Hello.
Janey : What the hell are you doing here?
UNK: I was told this might be my last chance to see my son.
Janey : You had no right This is none of your business!
House : I didn't... I called him.
UNK: This man is Ben's hero. Let them spend five minutes together.
UNK: No. You get out of here!
UNK: Wait.
House : You sexually molested your son.
House : Your walk, tabes dorsalis.
House : You have late-stage syphilis.
House : Which you gave to our patient, presumably 12 years ago.
House : Which also explains why Mom is not big on family reunions.
Mitchell : I shouldn't be here.