Taub : You have to go see him yourself.
Taub : He wouldn't even come to the door a second time.
Janey : Okay. I'll drive over there.
Taub : It's a pleural effusion.
Park : He had a bleeding problem earlier,
Park : must be bleeding into his lungs.
Park : Except there's no blood.
UNK: What does that mean?
Park : Means you don't have to make that drive.
Park : The problem isn't his marrow, it's his liver.
House : Liver failure explains everything.
House : Question is, what explains the liver failure?
Adams : It's not an infection. We tried antibiotics, but he's not responding.
House : More curiously, what explains the mom lying
House : about Dad pushing up squirting daisies?
Park : This is how you plan to get to that boxing game?
Chase : Why are you looking at her?
UNK: Because I'm stunned
House : and I have to look at something.
House : Match, bout, fight, contest, day, Helena.
House : Almost anything works after boxing except the word game.
Adams : Your bigger problem is the people
Adams : who design those things aren't idiots.
House : Can you believe she used to work in the can?
House : Nothing is tamper-proof.
Taub : It's a synthetic problem.
Taub : His liver's not synthesizing proteins,
Taub : so fluid is leaking out of his blood vessels.
Taub : And Mom's a selfish jerk.
Taub : She traded up, married a lawyer,
Taub : wants to forget the lowly circus clown.
House : You're defending the father
House : because you feel like a jerk for baking buns in two different ovens.
UNK: You want lo believe the mythical biological
House : connection excuses being a man-slut... Ow!
House : I don't know why I'm starting to doubt your expertise.
House : You do have a classified ad and a piece of metal.
Workman : It's temperature that sets it off, not force.
Workman : The rivets go pop, I slide in the heating pad. Easy peasy.
Chase : More likely the patient has a hyperammonemic problem.
Taub : His liver's not cleaning out his blood,
Chase : the buildup of toxins is causing everything.
Taub : I'm defending the dad because he got screwed.
Taub : After he lost his son, he lost his job,
Taub : been in and out of rehab, gave up clowning.
Taub : Yes, as a parent, I empathize.
Taub : I say we tell the kid.
Park : He's a minor, the mom's his guardian,
Park : and it's not even medically relevant.