House : Didn't answer your page last night.
Taub : Sorry, battery died.
Chase : We got the patient's eye back in place with steroid injections.
Chase : But a bulging eyeball means it's not a liver problem.
House : And Mom's determination to keep Dad away,
House : even as her kid gets sicker and sicker, means she's got more to hide.
Taub : It's not diagnostically relevant, let's let it drop.
House : You just lost my vote. You ﬂip-flopped on parental rights.
Taub : I've been trying to persuade the mother,
UNK: but ifs her son, so it's her call.
UNK: Well, that's very evolved of you.
House : You don't usually see Darwinian changes over breakfast.
House : You made nice-nice with Phil.
House : You decided that he'd make a decent father for Thing Two after all.
Taub : I had Sophie again last night, and Ruby slept in my guest room.
Taub : Which has nothing to do with Phil,
Taub : who will never be a father to my children.
Adams : Angioneurotic edema can cause rapid swelling.
House : Hey, we're having a conversation here.
House : No abdominal pain.
UNK: So that must've been nice having
House : Ruby and the baby under one roof.
Taub : Yes, it was nice having my daughter in my home.
Taub : That's why I would like her sister to live near my home.
UNK: Anasarca?
Chase : Swelling would have followed gravity.
House : Isn't that getting this whole parenting thing ass backwards?
House : Aren't you supposed to figure out
UNK: what you can sacrifice to maximize their niceness?
Taub : And do you think I should sacrifice myself from their lives?
House : Just one life. Until the other one's mommy meets someone nicer than you.
Park : Swelling that fast and localized
Park : has to come from the lymph nodes.
Park : Burkitt's lymphoma.
UNK: Swelling.
UNK: Cankles.
Taub : That's not a symptom of Burkitt's. Are you saying...
House : It's Burkitt's. Prep him for chemo.
Wilson : I think you should give House permission to go to Atlantic City.
Wilson : We'll stop by the rheumatology conference. Everyone's covered.
UNK: No.
Wilson : The guy has earned the right to go to one boxing match.
Wilson : He's done everything you've asked.
Wilson : Funded and staffed his own department,
Wilson : hasn't even broken as much as a traffic law.
House : You're right.
Wilson : So you'll let him go?
UNK: No.
Foreman : I get why he wants to go to that fight. I'd love to go myself.
Foreman : Which is kind of why I have to stop him.
Foreman : My job is to be the jerk.
Foreman : House has to believe that I have authority over him.
Wilson : He can't function under someone's thumb.
Foreman : I know. Which means you can't go either.
Foreman : Your job is to be his friend.
Foreman : To stay here and sit with him and watch the fight on pay-per-view
Foreman : while bitching about me.
Foreman : If we both do our jobs, we might
Foreman : actually get him through his parole.
House : You're right.
Rachel : Sorry to show up like this.
Taub : I was expecting a battery of lawyers.
Rachel : No lawyers.
Rachel : Phil had something that he would like to say.
Rachel : So I thought that he should say it in person.
Phil : It was wrong of me to confront you
Phil : about taking Rachel to Portland.
Taub : You don't want to move to Portland?
Rachel : Of course I do.
Rachel : But this is about your daughter, too,
Rachel : and I'm not gonna do something like this without your support.
Taub : So, you guys are trying to manipulate me by playing good cop/good cop?
Rachel : Is that how little you think of me?
Rachel : It's clear you're back working for House.
Rachel : I will see you this weekend when you pick up Sophie.
UNK: Sophia.
Rachel : We actually started calling her Sophie.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Great.
Taub : It's cute.
UNK: Cankles.
UNK: Monroe's Wife : Is there some problem with the prescription you gave me'?