UNK: If we had more detail on the exact type of melanoma his father had...
Taub : Otherwise we might not be able to find a marrow match.
Janey : He never had melanoma.
Taub : How did he die?
Janey : He didn't.
Janey : He lives in Pennsauken, under a different name. Mitchell Gordon.
Ron : How could you keep this from me? From Ben?
Janey : He really needs to know his dad
Janey : just breezed in and out of his life,
Janey : drunk and incoherent?
Janey : It's better to think the man's dead but decent.
Wilson : You realize I have to invite someone else to the Rubio fight.
House : Nope. No realization whatsoever.
Wilson : You have a LoJack on your leg.
House : I was happy watching the fight on pay-per-view.
House : You're the one who insisted we go to Atlantic City.
Wilson : Your biological father was a decent, God-fearing minister,
Wilson : the guy who raised you was a cold-hearted jerk.
Wilson : I'm trying to figure out why you're so convinced
Wilson : Adams has parentally-inflicted damage.
House : You're trying to deflect.
Wilson : Now you are.
Wilson : You have to believe that every parent screws up every child,
Wilson : or you were screwed out of a decent childhood.
House : My decent daddy-of-the-cloth was also
House : being indecent with my married mom.
UNK: He probably would've taken other kids to the playground.
House : Not my fault, bad parenting.
Janey : Mitchell Gordon?
Mitchell : I've already got a religion. Go away.
Taub : We're doctors.
Taub : Your son Ben is in the hospital,
Taub : at Princeton-Plainsboro. He's very sick.
Mitchell : Yeah, well, I don't have a son. Not anymore.
Park : We know there are some issues there,
Park : but your bone marrow could cure him.
UNK: There's a hospital 2 miles from here. It's a simple test...
Mitchell : You said he was at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Taub : His mother feels it's better to do the tests at a different hospital.
UNK: Like I said, I don't have a son anymore.
Chase : House isn't gonna give up. Just tell him about your parents.
Chase : Or make up a lie.
Adams : I don't want to lie.
UNK: And I don't want to validate his ridiculous theory.
Chase : It's not ridiculous. Even the best-intentioned
Chase : parents end up damaging their kids.
Adams : You're a smart, successful doctor.
Adams : How much damage could you have?
Chase : Know how I got interested in medicine?
Chase : When my mother drank, she couldn't handle me,
Chase : so she locked me in my father's study.
Chase : Only so many hours you can cry and bang on the door
Chase : before you give up, find something to read.
Chase : We all have family dysfunction. That's why we're successful.
Chase : To fill that hole.
Adams : My parents have a lot of money.
Adams : But they didn't make it legally.
Chase : White-collar crime?
Adams : Started with card games, high-stakes poker.
Adams : Then my dad got into narcotics.
Adams : At first just selling,
Adams : but then using, too.
UNK: Or he never would've gotten into the slave trade.
Adams : Children mostly.
Adams : Easier to pack in small crates.
Adams : Plus the shipping's a lot cheaper...