Taub : TIA, thickened pericardium, and now
Taub : he's bleeding from his nose and mouth.
Taub : What are you doing with her?
UNK: "Her"?
UNK: Surely this little bundle of fun has an actual name.
Taub : It's Sophie.
Chase : Both your kids are named...
Taub : She's Sophie. The other one's Sophia.
UNK: It's different enough.
Adams : They actually have two completely different derivations.
Adams : No, they don't.
Taub : I wasn't in a strong negotiating position. Why is she here?
House : Ruby dropped her off. Seemed pretty upset.
House : Apparently someone forgot that it was Daddy's night.
House : She wasn't even gonna leave her
UNK: till I said that I was letting you off early.
Taub : Damn it. I just started back on the team. My schedule's a mess.
Park : If your own kids are a scheduling item,
Park : maybe you should let one of them move.
Taub : Patient has low platelets, makes me think DIC.
UNK: She doesn't seem to like that idea.
UNK: You're right. No schistocytes in his smear.
Park : He also has a low red count. What if ifs a retroperitoneal bleed?
Chase : No Grey-Turner's sign.
UNK: She wasn't fussy like that when I was holding her.
House : Maybe she likes the sound of my voice.
House : Which is weird because I have no genetic connection to her.
House : Could it be she doesn't know the difference?
Taub : So many children of your own,
Taub : no wonder you have such insight into
Taub : my relationship with my babies.
House : Good point. How could I comprehend that you're too despised
House : to keep them from having the same name,
House : too overwhelmed to remember your own calendar,
House : and too vain to admit that at this stage,
House : you don't matter to either baby?
Adams : Low white count suggests infection.
House : What if you're all right? Low platelets, plus low red count,
House : plus low white count equals...
Chase : Aplastic anemia.
House : Kid needs a bone marrow transplant.
House : Everyone except Adams transfuse
House : his platelets till you find a match.
House : You started college a semester late
House : because you left high school a semester late
UNK: because you had five incompletes in your junior year.
Ben : And you're offering one bad semester
Adams : as proof that my parents screwed me up?
House : Did okay before that, straight A's after that.
Adams : I went through a rebellious phase.
House : Don't tell me. Mom and Dad were at each other's throats,
House : and the academic crisis was a cry for help.
Adams : Sorry to mess with your world view, but I'm not messed up.
Adams : So my parents couldn't have messed me up.
Chase : Mom's HLA is only a 3/6 match.
Park : Maternal grandmother's worse than that.
UNK: Where'd you unload the baby?
UNK: Maternity ward. Shut up.
Adams : You realize you're making House's argument for him.
Taub : The part where he said any parent who uses day care
Taub : should ship their child across the country?
Adams : No, the part where he said that baby doesn't need you.
Adams : You've only got her a couple days a week,
Adams : and most of that's spent with a rotating cast of nurses...
Chase : That's how Daddy likes to spend his time, too.
Taub : Shut up. First cousin's also a whiff.
Park : So much for genetics mattering. I'll try the marrow registry.