UNK: There's no official reference to Dreamworld, if it even exists.
UNK: Agent Richmond : I think it exists.
Vilante : What did you find?
Richmond : A name just popped in a Pentagon archive.
UNK: Brad Parker, a reporter for The Washington Union.
Vilante : What's a reporter got to do with this?
Richmond : Six months ago he tried to publish an article called "Inside Dreamworld,"
Richmond : but it was quashed over national security concerns.
Beckett : What does the article say?
Richmond : I don't have the text. They've classified it. I have the title.
Vilante : I'll call my contact at the Pentagon and see what he can dig up.
Vilante : In the meanwhile, track down this reporter,
Vilante : find out what he knows.
Castle : You could also check Bronson's phone records.
Castle : He and this reporter might be connected.
Beckett : Castle, you should be resting.
UNK: Well, there's plenty of time for that later, apparently.
Castle : If it's all the same, I'd rather be helping.
Vilante : Mr. Castle, I understand your desire to be involved, but you...
Castle : No one is more motivated than me to solve this.
Castle : And if it doesn't work out,
Castle : I'll be out of your hair by the end of the day.
UNK: You know, sir, Castle is the only one
UNK: that has first-hand experience with Bronson.
Beckett : He might be an asset.
UNK: Okay.
Vilante : But, Agent Beckett, he's your responsibility.
Beckett : - I know. - COMPUTER BEEPS
Richmond : Sir, it looks like Bronson and the reporter are connected.
Richmond : His phone records show calls to and from The Washington Union
Richmond : around the time the article was written.
UNK: Bronson must've been a source for the article.
Vilante : Go. Find out what he knows.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Castle.
Vilante : You can assist us, but only from inside this building.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Look, uh, thanks for backing me up with Castle.
Mccord : Is he always such a character?
Beckett : Yeah. It's one of the things that I love about him, too.
UNK: There.
Beckett : Mr. Parker!
Beckett : Mr. Parker, excuse me, we're from the Attorney General's office.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about an article you wrote.
Richmond : Inside Dreamworld.
UNK: Really? We're gonna do this again?
UNK: Brad Parker : You people are unbelievable.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Parker : I wouldn't give up my sources when you killed the article.
UNK: So why would I give 'em up now?
Beckett : Because it looks like one of your sources was murdered.
Mccord : Do you recognize him, Mr. Parker?
UNK: Bronson.
Parker : He was murdered?
Beckett : Yes. And now other people's lives are at stake.
UNK: Now tell us everything you know about Dreamworld.
PARKER : WHISPERING First time I heard about Dreamworld was in '03.
Parker : I was serving with the 173rd in Kandahar at the time.
Parker : The story stuck with me, so, about a year ago I started poking around.
Parker : Found out it was a forward operating base in northern Afghanistan.
UNK: A launching pad for covert special ops in the region.
Beckett : Did Bronson work at that base?
UNK: Yeah.
Parker : Yeah, I'd heard his name a couple of times, so I approached him.
UNK: And what'd he tell you?
Parker : Nothing at all.
Parker : In fact, he seemed pretty freaked out that I knew he was stationed there.
Parker : Asked me how much I knew.
Parker : About him, Dreamworld.
Parker : About what he'd done.
Beckett : Wait. What did he mean by that?
Parker : He never told me.
UNK: Whatever it was, he sure as hell didn't want it getting out.
UNK: The next thing I know, my editor's killing the story.