Mccord : So, Farrah Usman's body was shipped back to Dover two days later.
UNK: It was claimed by this man.
Mccord : Recognize that name?
Beckett : Brad Parker, the reporter?
Mccord : One and the same.
Beckett : I don't get it. How is he connected to Valkyrie?
Mccord : According to the paperwork,
UNK: he was her fiancé.
Mccord : He's involved in this whole thing.
Mccord : As a combat vet, Brad Parker would've known his fiancé's injuries
Mccord : weren't from an I.E.D.
Beckett : That's why he was doing the story on Dreamworld,
Beckett : and why he tracked down Bronson.
Beckett : He was trying to figure out how she actually died.
UNK: And he's ex-military. He would've had the skills to pull off that heist.
Vilante : So, what are we saying here?
Vilante : That Parker stole the toxin because of his fiancée?
Vilante : That this is about revenge?
Castle : Well, the toxin would be perfect for that.
Castle : It's deadly and undetectable by autopsy,
Castle : unless you're specifically looking for it.
Mccord : Which is why he tried to hide the fact that it was stolen
Mccord : by staging the other theft in the building and framing Bronson.
Vilante : Where are we on tracking Parker?
Hendricks : He's not at work. No one's seen him all day.
Richmond : I can't get a trace on his cell signal. He must've turned it off.
Beckett : - Sir, if there's the slightest chance... - Hit his apartment. Go.
UNK: Castle,
Villante : you stay here.
Castle : I was given less than a day to live just a little less than a day ago.
Castle : If Parker has that antidote, I need to go with them.
UNK: Okay.
MAN : Clear!
HENDRICKS : Bedroom's clear!
Mccord : Clear. Where the hell is this guy?
BECKETT : All right, guys, let's get to work.
Beckett : That toxin or antidote are in here, I want them found.
UNK: These are blueprints of the research building the toxin was stolen from.
UNK: And a confidential file on the toxin. Parker's our guy!
Castle : He's got background on Secretary Reed. Research materials.
Beckett : Reed's his next target.
Beckett : He's going after the man that gave the order that killed his fiancée.
Mccord : And I think I know where.
Mccord : This is confirmation of Parker's press credentials for Reed's address
Mccord : at the Naval Academy.
Mccord : Reed's talking to new cadets at 5 : 00 p.m. Today.
Hendricks : - That's in 20 minutes. - We gotta lock Reed down.
Beckett : Secure Parker and get that antidote.
UNK: MARCHING BAND PLAYING IN DISTANCE
UNK: Admiral Johnson : Thanks for coming, Mr. Secretary.
Reed : It's my pleasure, Admiral Johnson. It's nice to get out of the office.
Johnson : Hope you don't mind that we do the press line first.
Reed : Oh, that's fine.
UNK: BRAKES SQUEAL
UNK: Do you want me to get a hold of Dr. Goldberg
Beckett : and have him meet us there?
Castle : He already gave me my last shot.
Castle : Only thing that can help me now is the antidote.
UNK: Naval Academy's press department says Parker hasn't checked in yet.
Hendricks : Security teams are already on site looking for him.
Beckett : Copy that.
Castle : It doesn't make any sense. Why wouldn't Parker be there yet?
Beckett : There's thousands of people there.
Beckett : Maybe they just haven't spotted him yet.
Castle : Why go through the trouble of getting press credentials
UNK: if you're not gonna use them?
UNK: Unless he's pulling another head fake.
Beckett : Like the encryption system was a cover for the theft of the toxin.
Castle : Military tactics. Always making sure we're a step behind.
Beckett : Except a step behind what?
Beckett : I mean, this has to be about revenge, so it has to be about Reed.
UNK: Maybe he wants to do to Reed what Reed did to him.
Castle : Take away the person he loves the most.
Beckett : His wife.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: Beckett, why'd you turn around? Is it Castle?
Beckett : No. We have a hunch.
Mccord : What kind of hunch?
WOMAN : Defense Secretary Reed's office.
Beckett : This is Agent Beckett from the Attorney General's Investigative...
UNK: - WOMAN : Hold, please. - No, wait. Hello?
UNK: Kate...
Beckett : Castle, just stay with me. We're almost there.
Parker : Hi. Brad Parker. I'm here for the interview.
Bodyguard : Mrs. Reed's expecting you.
Castle : Thank you.
WOMAN : Defense Secretary Reed's office. How can I help you?
Julie : Excuse me, Mrs. Reed. Mr. Parker.
UNK: Mary Reed : Thanks, Julie.
Mary : Please, make yourself comfortable, Mr. Parker.
Parker : Thank you, ma'am.
Mary : Can I pour you some tea?
UNK: RINGING
Parker : Well, only if you're having some.
Mary : That's a deal. Do you take sugar?
UNK: AUTOMATED VOICE : You've reached the Reeds.
UNK: We're not available, so please leave a message...
Beckett : Come on! Damn it.
UNK: Kate.
Beckett : No, Castle, just look at me.
Beckett : Just hang on, okay? We're almost there.
UNK: Castle. Oh, my God. No!
UNK: No! Rick, look at me. Will you...
Bodyguard : Mrs. Reed.
Julie : She's not responding.
Parker : Send an ambulance. She's not breathing!
Beckett : Parker, drop the phone.
Bodyguard : What are you doing?
Beckett : Where's the antidote, Parker?
UNK: - GUN COCKING - Lower your weapon.
Beckett : - He poisoned Mrs. Reed! - DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Stay with her.
Beckett : It's over, Parker!
Beckett : We know everything.
Beckett : Now give us the antidote before it's too late!
UNK: GRUNTING
Beckett : No, wait...
Parker : Did Reed wait when he ordered the strike? No.
Parker : No, now it's his turn to see how it feels.
UNK: She's gonna die.
Parker : Just like Farrah.
Beckett : Please, Parker, she's not the only one that you've poisoned.
UNK: My fiancé's dying. He needs that antidote.
Parker : No, you don't understand.
Parker : You're too late.
Beckett : - It's too late. - GUN COCKING
McCORD : You better hope you're wrong.
BECKETT : WHISPERING Castle.
UNK: BEEPING
UNK: Castle.