House : Male, 34, just got out of the Marines after two years in Iraq.
House : Admitted complaining of chronic fatigue,
House : joint pains, intermittent rashes and sore throats.
Cuddy : Thinks he has Gulf War syndrome.
Cameron : Why is he here instead of the VA?
House : Because he has a rich uncle Cuddy's trying to avoid fellating,
UNK: who doesn't buy the VA's diagnosis of nothingswrongatosis.
UNK: The VA's right.
FOREMAN : There's no such thing as Gulf War syndrome,
Foreman : especially in veterans who've never served in the Gulf War.
Chase : Different war, same place.
CHASE : Whatever was there in 1990 is still there.
UNK: What's there can send you home in a pine box
UNK: but it can't make you sick three months after you've gotten home.
Chase : What, so thousands of soldiers are lying about their symptoms?
Foreman : You send 700,000 people on a vacation to Hawaii,
UNK: some are gonna come back sick.
Foreman : Doesn't mean it was caused by snorkeling. He's right.
UNK: The studies all show the same pattern of symptoms in veterans
UNK: who were sent to the Gulf and those who weren't.
Foreman : That's it?
Foreman : You believe her but not me?
House : Stick to your guns, Chase.
UNK: Just 'cause there isn't a single unifying symptom
House : doesn't mean there isn't something going on.
UNK: It could just affect everyone differently.
Chase : You think this guy has Gulf War syndrome?
UNK: Of course not.
House : He's depressed and he's looking for a disability check,
House : most likely because he's just realized that knowing how to barter for sex
House : in six languages and open a beer bottle with your eye socket
House : are not the most marketable skills.
UNK: Why did you take this case?
House : 'Cause a good scientist continually questions
House : his own theories and assumptions.
Cameron : Cuddy's making him. And now I'm making you.
House : Do a full physical and recheck his blood for HIV, hep C,
House : malaria, schistosomiasis, and T strain A. Baumannii,
House : just to make sure the VA's dotted their I's.
House : And find out every hospital and clinic he's ever visited,
House : every city he's ever lived in and whether he's ever been on TV.
UNK: TV?
House : Problem could be neurological.
House : Everyone knows TV rots your brain.
UNK: Well, it's usually the worst on my palms and the bottom of my feet.
John : I get these black dots all over.
Cameron : I don't see anything. It comes and goes.
UNK: You're sure it's not just scrapes and bruises.
John : I know the difference between a rash and a bruise.
Cameron : Sometimes it's harder than you realize to distinguish between the two.
Cameron : You obviously exercise.
John : My problems aren't caused by my workouts.
Foreman : But you do work out.
Foreman : And by the look of you, pretty strenuously.
Foreman : That's not usually the case with patients
Foreman : whose principal complaint is chronic fatigue and joint pain.
John : I was in the Marines for 12 years. I'm used to doing PT every day.
John : Just because I can push through the pain doesn't mean it's not there.
CHASE : We're not saying we don't believe you.