House : Death is probably next.
HOUSE : No way he could've grown all these in a week.
UNK: They can't be older. The VA couldn't have missed all these.
Wilson : Maybe they didn't miss them. Just mixed them up.
Wilson : Switched his films with another patient's by mistake.
UNK: Maybe.
UNK: It'd mean some poor sap's getting his melon sliced at the VA for no reason.
UNK: And this poor sergeant's gonna be dead by the end of the week.
UNK: Where've you two been? CAMERON : Lunch.
Cameron : Why? What happened?
House : Wilson's found some fast-growing, elusive or magic brain tumors.
House : What did you find?
UNK: Nothing. He's telling the truth.
Chase : About what? CHASE : About everything.
Chase : Where he's lived, who he's dated.
Chase : Besides forgetting to mention his dad's shin splints,
Chase : his granddad's nosebleeds, and to return a few rented DVDs,
Chase : everything he's told us has checked out.
Wilson : You have them researching your dream?
UNK: No. I have them researching my patient.
Cameron : You had a dream about a patient?
Wilson : This poor guy's brain is riddled with tumors and you're checking his credit report?
UNK: Come on. I need you guys.
UNK: Where are you going? To do my job.
House : He's not your patient.
Wilson : He is now. Go home and go to sleep.
UNK: Maybe you'll dream a cure to late-stage brain cancer.
Cuddy : How is he?
House : He's dead.
Cuddy : Oh, God. At least he will be in a few days.
Chase : Question is why.
House : The only explanation is that the VA hospital screwed up.
Cuddy : There was definitely no mix up. I had them recheck.
House : Yes. Why would a government agency lie to cover up a mistake
UNK: that might have caused the death of a guy
UNK: they'd been trying to kill for the last two years anyway?
Cuddy : They didn't lie.
Cuddy : Did you just take two Vicodin?
UNK: No. Just an antidepressant.
House : I was told to take two every time you walked into the room.
UNK: The VA's scan of his brain. No tumors.
UNK: Yes. This is proof positive that someone didn't have tumors in their brain.
Cuddy : You see that bright spot below his left orbit?
UNK: That is a titanium pin your patient had inserted 20 years ago.
Cuddy : Unless you think the VA happened to mix up his scans with someone
Cuddy : who had the exact same pin, they didn't screw up.
Cameron : You paged us?
House : Why didn't you send his urine to Leicester like I told you?
Chase : Because you told me not to.
House : Why did you choose that moment to listen to me?
Chase : You think depleted uranium might have something to do with his tumors?
House : Radiation's the only thing that will make tumors grow that fast.
Cameron : High doses of radiation!
Cameron : Even if he ate depleted uranium bullets for breakfast,
UNK: he still would've been exposed to less radiation
Cameron : than we've given him in the last two days.
House : Do it anyway. And you, call his uncle back.
House : Find out if he ever brought his nephew to any hospital parties or fundraisers.
Cameron : No. Not until you give me a reason.
House : Because I'm your boss?
Cameron : A rational reason.
Cameron : Or at least admit that you don't have one.
House : I've got a full bladder and I'm not afraid to use it.
Cameron : But you are apparently afraid
Cameron : of discovering something you can't rationally explain...
House : Shut up!
House : Do what you're told.