House : I can't pee.
Wilson : You can't remember him, can you?
House : I can't pee.
Wilson : So stop taking the Vicodin.
House : I want to pee and not be in pain.
Wilson : Why don't you go to sleep?
House : I don't pee when I'm asleep.
Wilson : Maybe you'll dream about him again. Maybe he'll give you an address.
House : I haven't peed in three days.
Wilson : I read that REM sleep is the brain's way of working out problems.
House : Very useful. Did you hear what I just said?
UNK: Yeah. You lied because you want to avoid talking about your obsession.
House : I'm not obsessing. Why don't you just ask him?
House : I haven't peed in three days! You'd be dead.
House : I'm not counting intermittent drips.
Wilson : You'd be in agony.
House : I passed agony yesterday around 4 : 00.
Foreman : His mother, brother, uncle and best friend
Foreman : all confirm he hasn't had a date in over a year.
Foreman : Which means it's not an STD.
Foreman : If you come up with something medically relevant, page me.
Cameron : What did you want me to tell him? The truth?
Chase : No. You didn't have to be so convincing.
Cameron : Don't worry. I'll make it up to you.
Chase : This is getting out of control.
Cameron : Don't pout.
Chase : Our patient woke up with an infection while we were getting our rocks off.
Cameron : Do you want to stop?
UNK: No.
Chase : But I don't want to get caught, either.
Cameron : You think I do?
Chase : You certainly didn't go out of your way to keep the volume down
House : when we were in the sleep lab.
Cameron : I couldn't help that.
Cameron : Why would I want to get caught?
Chase : Maybe you want to give House a reason to be jealous.
Cameron : I'm over House.
Cameron : All this is, is uncomplicated sex. Don't try to make it more than that.
Chase : We're not doing it at work anymore.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Wanna go grab some lunch?
Woman : I think the pill is the way to go.
Woman : We haven't had a condom break yet. Thank God.
Woman : But it's bound to happen, especially the way we've been doing it.
House : On a bed of nails? No.
Woman : He's not kinky. He's just insatiable.
Woman : I can barely make it to any of my morning classes.
House : You smoke? No way.
House : Stop it!
UNK: Sorry.
House : Any history of hypertension, blood clots, strokes?
Woman : Nope. Besides my OCD, I'm fit as a fiddle.
House : You have OCD? Can't you tell?
House : Any other compulsions besides drinking massive amounts of water?
Woman : No, that's it. Thank God.
Woman : My therapist says it could be a lot worse.
House : You get up in the middle of the night to drink?
Woman : Yeah. Every couple of hours.
House : Then your therapist is an idiot.
House : Unconscious people don't have OCD.
UNK: They can, whoever, have diabetes insipidus.
Woman : That's impossible. I eat candy all the time.
House : Different kind of diabetes. This kind is caused by banged up pituitary.
House : You're obviously more of a lover than a fighter.
House : I'm guessing either a car accident or you cracked your skull on the balance beam.
Woman : How'd you know?
House : Easy. Nice ass. No boobs. And you've got palms like a longshoreman.
House : Wait here. You need a CAT scan.
Woman : Oh, my God... Don't worry.
House : Just means you'll be taking two hormone supplements instead of one.
UNK: Okay, this time you're gonna feel a little pressure.
UNK: We're injecting the contrast material.
John : Could you turn up the music?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: VOLUME INCREASING
Wilson : Looks pretty good so far.
John : Still can't hear it that well.
UNK: VOLUME INCREASING
Wilson : Can you hear it now?
UNK: John?
UNK: John!
Wilson : John, can you hear me?
UNK: DOOR OPENING
Wilson : Still no relief?
House : I got relief.
House : I just got no pee.
Wilson : If the pills didn't work, you may need a catheter.
House : You didn't come here to talk to me about my pee.
Chase : What's going on?
Wilson : He's got cancer all right.
Wilson : But it's not in his salivary glands. It's in his brain.
Wilson : And it's bad. At least six tumors. Maybe more.
Wilson : He lost his hearing. His sight's probably next.