Chase : If House wanted to be involved in the case...
Cameron : ...he wanted us to start this treatment,
Cameron : he would have told us to do it the last time you brought it up.
Foreman : You have a better idea? No.
Foreman : Then we're going with Chase's.
UNK: DOOR SLAMS
UNK: GASPS
UNK: GROANS
Foreman : Tell him not to get the lines tangled.
UNK: With an infusion this slow we can't have any kinks in the line.
Chase : I went to medical school, too.
Foreman : Keep your arms on your body. Above your heart.
John : I can't feel my stomach!
John : I don't feel that! I don't feel anything!
Foreman : Paralysis is ascending.
Foreman : If it keeps going we're gonna need a respirator.
John : What? What are you saying? Can you breathe?
John : No. Not yet.
House : So, where were we?
Foreman : You have a nice night? No.
Foreman : The paralysis is ascending.
Cameron : Last check it was nearly to his diaphragm.
House : Tells us something. Means it's getting worse.
House : Worse is something.
UNK: Also it tells us it's not the uranium.
House : Did we think it was?
Foreman : We started him on sodium bicarb to try to flush the uranium out of his system.
House : Great. Now the fact that he's getting worse tells us nothing.
HOUSE : Never thought it was uranium.
House : For all we know, the uranium treatment is what's making him...
Cuddy : A sodium bicarb infusion wouldn't have any affect on...
Chase : On what?
House : Kind of hard to say what it wouldn't have an effect on
UNK: if you've no idea what's there to affect.
Foreman : We had to do something. Well, next time,
House : go with something that has a chance of working.
Cameron : Like what?
Foreman : You come up with some brilliant idea while you're warm and cozy
Cameron : in your bed at home? We need more information.
Foreman : How much more information could you possibly want?
Foreman : We have a medical history going all the way back to his great grandparents.
Foreman : A non-medical history going... It's not enough.
UNK: It's all we're gonna get.
UNK: PAGERS BEEPING
UNK: Wanna bet?