House : Maybe it was Dr. Self-Righteous.
UNK: I saw the tumors. There was no mix up.
Cuddy : Maybe there's something wrong with the portable imager in the OR.
Foreman : Something that would cause it to show brain tissue in perfect detail
Foreman : but completely miss neoplastic tissue?
House : Then they were never tumors to begin with.
Wilson : I told you I saw...
UNK: Oh, you saw something that looked like tumors. We all did. We were all wrong.
UNK: Or maybe he doesn't have cancer.
House : Maybe he has a brain infection that's causing multiple abscesses.
Cuddy : That miraculously healed?
House : No. They were healed by the antibiotics
House : we're giving him for the vaginosis in his mouth.
Cuddy : If it's an infection, why didn't it show up in his blood work?
House : I don't know yet.
Nurse : Dr. Wilson, we have a problem.
John : What did you do?
John : I can't feel my legs! I can't feel my legs!
UNK: John... What did you guys do?
Wilson : John! Calm down! We didn't even operate.
UNK: Could this be a regional effect?
UNK: I can't move my legs! ANESTHESIOLOGIST : It's not the anesthesia.
HOUSE : John! John!
UNK: We're gonna figure out what's wrong with you.
House : But first we need to know one thing, have you ever appeared in any pornos?
House : Chronic fatigue, sore throats, rashes,
UNK: putrid discharge in the mouth, multiple abscesses in the brain,
House : hearing loss, and last but not least, lower limb paralysis.
House : He's certainly given us plenty of clues.
Chase : It's got to be some sort of infection.
House : That's miraculously improving in his brain but getting worse in his ears and legs?
Wilson : Could be an infection and cancer.
UNK: A neoplastic syndrome could depress his immune system
Wilson : and cause the other symptoms.
House : You're basing this theory on the negative biopsy,
House : the lymph nodes that aren't swollen,
UNK: or the tumors that were never there to begin with?
UNK: And what are you gonna base your theory on?
UNK: His favorite restaurants?
Chase : I was right.
Chase : He's excreting depleted uranium in his urine.
Chase : We should start him on an IV infusion of isotonic sodium bicarbonate...
House : It's not depleted uranium.
Cameron : You're the one... Who asked for the test
House : when we were thinking cancer. We no longer are.
Chase : Depleted uranium doesn't just cause cells to mutate.
Chase : It can cause cell death as well.
House : Not spinal cord cells.
UNK: At least not before the dose is high enough to kill all his other cells first.
Foreman : So you're saying the radioactive uranium in his urine is irrelevant.
UNK: The sun's radioactive. The earth is radioactive.
House : This hospital is filled with radiation.
House : The issue is not where it is, but how much there is,
House : and what damage that amount can cause in someone's spinal cord.
House : As I've already stated quite clearly.
Wilson : Got it. We're all idiots. What's your theory?
House : Give me your keys. Why?
UNK: You ever tried to ride a motorcycle with a distended bladder?
House : Keep him on antibiotics, check his hearing and paralysis every hour.
Foreman : So you basically want us to do nothing?
House : No. I basically want to do nothing.
House : I want you to keep him on antibiotics
House : and check his hearing and paralysis every hour.
Wilson : Wait. You can't go home now.
House : Actually, I have to go home now.
House : Its two days past my bedtime.
Wilson : House, he needs your help.
House : And I need sleep!
House : Hey, it's the brain's way of working out problems
House : that the conscious mind can't solve during the day, remember?
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
John : No. Nothing.
UNK: I'm gonna die. Aren't I?
FOREMAN : No, we're not.
Foreman : We should start treatment for the uranium toxicity like you said.
Cameron : But House... Isn't here.