Cuddy : Who approved a sodium bicarb infusion?
UNK: Marine 1 : Don't look at me. I was home in bed.
Foreman : What's wrong? He's unconscious.
UNK: His skin has lost all color and his BP and hematocrit are plunging.
FOREMAN : He was only on the sodium bicarb... He's bleeding out.
Cameron : He can't be bleeding out. There's no blood in the bed.
House : Fine. He's bleeding in.
Chase : There's no sign of bruising or internal hemorrhaging.
FOREMAN : The paralysis must've reached his diaphragm.
Foreman : He's not able to oxygenate his blood.
Foreman : He's not able to oxygenate his blood because he doesn't have any left.
Chase : There's no evidence.
HOUSE : The only thing that would explain...
Cameron : There's no reason for blood loss.
House : There has to be a reason!
House : He needs a transfusion. Get me four units of O-negative, stat.
House : Let's elevate his feet.
Cuddy : He doesn't need a transfusion.
House : Nobody asked you. In fact, why are you even here?
Cuddy : Because obviously you need my help. Get out.
UNK: House, his blood obviously didn't just vanish into...
Chase : What the hell is this?
House : Somebody must have spilled something.
House : Somebody else should be getting me four units of O-negative, stat.
Chase : What the hell is that?
House : It's a urine catheter collection bag with a rip in it.
HOUSE : What the hell's it look like?
UNK: What?
House : It's just urine. It's sterile.
House : No one's getting me blood! Why isn't anybody getting me blood?
Foreman : You're bleeding.
Cuddy : House, are you all right?
House : Why are you even here?
Cuddy : I'm always here.
House : No, you're not.
HOUSE : There's a reason. There has to be.
House : So, where were we?
Foreman : Have a nice night?
House : Yes, I did. Thank you.
House : I'm guessing better than our patient.
House : Probably due to his BP and hematocrit plunging.
Woman : How'd you know?
HOUSE : The answer was staring right at us the whole time.
House : As plain as the nose on our faces.
UNK: And the nose on his face.
Chase : What's going on? What did he say?
House : No hairs and cauterization scars.
Foreman : Which means?
UNK: He had it cauterized. How could you know that?
House : Because it makes sense.
House : Undoubtedly done to stop the same childhood nosebleeds