UNK: What?
Chase : You were wrong about the nothingswrongatosis.
Chase : You can fake fatigue and joint pain,
Chase : but you can't fake bacterial vaginosis in your mouth.
Cameron : Says he hasn't performed oral sex on anyone in over a year.
House : Selfish bastard.
Foreman : Because he hasn't been with anyone since his last girlfriend dumped him
Foreman : after he deployed to Iraq the second time.
House : Selfish bitch.
Chase : We've ruled out HIV, diabetes and any other endocrine abnormality.
Cameron : Could be autoimmune. Sjögren's decreases salivary flow,
Cameron : creates a hospitable home for bacteria.
Chase : No. His eyes and tear ducts are fine.
House : Who was his last girlfriend?
UNK: Yeah, we'll get right on that.
House : Chronic fatigue, joint pain and opportunistic infection spells cancer.
Foreman : Probably lymphoma.
House : Right about cancer, wrong about lymphoma.
House : Get Wilson to biopsy his salivary glands. He's got parotid cancer.
House : And see if you can get to the truth about who he's been dating.
Chase : It's not an STD. You just said...
House : Just do it.
Wilson : The antibiotics should at least relieve the infection,
UNK: which will reduce the odor and taste in your mouth.
John : Not soon enough.
UNK: Marine 1 : All right. You're gonna feel a little burn.
John : You know I never even dipped?
John : Chewing tobacco. Practically everyone in my unit did it.
John : But me. I was so paranoid about cancer.
Wilson : Well, if it's parotid cancer, it's very treatable if diagnosed early.
John : My mom had cancer, which is why I know that diagnosing cancer early
John : means before there's any serious symptoms.
John : Certainly tastes like a pretty serious symptom, you know?
Wilson : We'll know more after the test.
Cameron : If he was just trying to mess with Cuddy for wasting his time,
Cameron : this would have stopped as soon as the patient started exhibiting actual symptoms.
Chase : So the question is, why is he wasting our time?
Cameron : Or is he wasting our time?
Chase : You think he's got a medical reason for asking for the guy's credit report?
Cameron : I don't.
Foreman : Where were you two when the guy woke up?
Chase : We just stepped out for a second.
Foreman : To do what?
Chase : To get a coffee. We'd been up most of the night.
Cameron : He's just pushing to make sure we have a complete history.
Cameron : Obviously we're missing something or we'd have the answer.
Foreman : You didn't have any coffee when you came back.
Cameron : All right already. We confess. You caught us.
Cameron : We snuck into one of the sleep lab rooms to have sex.
Cameron : We shouldn't have done it while we were working and we're sorry.
Cameron : Now can we move on?
Foreman : House would do Wilson before you'd do Chase.
Cameron : No. You would do House and Wilson before I'd do Chase.
Cameron : Now can we get back to work.
Chase : She did me once.
Foreman : She was stoned!
Wilson : Biopsy's inconclusive.
UNK: I'm gonna do a sialogram while we wait for results from the additional blood work.
House : No hurry.
House : Probably nothing we can do at this point anyway.
UNK: As long as the cancer hasn't spread...
House : He's spitting stink. You should focus on the living.
House : I need a prescription.
Wilson : I just wrote you a prescription.
House : For Vicodin. I need alfuzosin.
Wilson : No, you don't.
Wilson : You figured out where you met your Marine?
UNK: What?
UNK: Oh, that. Haven't really thought about it.