Beckett : But that's impossible.
Castle : Unless he's a zombie.
Lanie : Not a zombie.
Lanie : A cop.
Beckett : Isaac "Ike" Thornton.
Castle : - Esposito's old partner? - He's alive.
Esposito : I went to his funeral, held his wife's hand.
Esposito : And now you're telling me he's alive and working for Racine?
Esposito : That he murdered Finch?
Beckett : It was the perfect disappearing act.
Beckett : He knew that everyone would think that Racine had killed him
Beckett : and dumped his body somewhere.
UNK: No, I don't see how he could do it. To the badge, to me?
Esposito : I would've taken a bullet for him.
UNK: Esposito.
Montgomery : This is Lieutenant Holliwell from Internal Affairs.
Holliwel : We've met.
Esposito : - You called IA? - No.
UNK: I called them for your protection.
Holliwel : I'm sorry, Detective. I don't really enjoy being proved right.
Esposito : No, of course not.
Castle : I take it you were the investigating officer
Castle : - when Ike Thornton disappeared? - I was.
Beckett : And what put you onto him in the first place?
Holliwel : Racine was always one step ahead of us,
Holliwel : like he always knew what we were thinking.
Holliwel : It didn't take too much to figure out that he was being tipped off by a cop.
Holliwel : Luckily, we had an informant at the time that confirmed it,
Holliwel : but before we were able to arrest Thornton, he disappeared.
Holliwel : Most likely found out that we were coming for him.
Holliwel : When we found his car, we just assumed Racine killed him.
Holliwel : Looks like he brought him into the family instead.
Holliwel : Has Thornton contacted you?
Esposito : What do you mean, contacted me?
Ryan : Whoa. What exactly are you accusing my partner of?
Holliwel : I'm not accusing. I'm asking.
Esposito : Asking what?
Esposito : If I knew all along? If I was part of it?
Esposito : The answer's no.
UNK: Well, such an elaborate hoax,
Holliwel : it seems like it would take a little bit of planning, a little help.
Esposito : I just told you, I didn't know.
Esposito : What do you want me to do, take a poly?
Holliwel : Would you? Take a polygraph test?
Montgomery : - Wait a minute... - lf it'll get you off my back.
Montgomery : Esposito, you don't have to do this.
Esposito : - I want to. - Good.
Holliwel : My office. One hour.
Ryan : Guy was out of line back there.
Esposito : I'd be asking the same questions if I was in his shoes.
Ryan : You know you can talk to me, right?
Esposito : I put all that stuff behind me, bro.
Esposito : The only thing I have left from back then...
Esposito : This, right here.
Esposito : Back in the day, when I was in the 54th,
Esposito : everybody used to carry one of these with them.
Esposito : It was like a sense of pride, you know?
UNK: Ike have one of those?
Esposito : - Yeah. Why? - Let me see it.
Esposito : The 54th.
Ryan : It must have broken off when he was struggling with Finch.
Esposito : It was him.
Beckett : You know, no one would blame you if you stepped off this case.
UNK: No.
Esposito : Partner or not, he killed a man.
Castle : This guy's pulled a ghost routine for years.
Castle : Gave up his old life, his friends.
Castle : A guy can't pull a disappearing act like that without help from somebody.
Esposito : He had Racine's help.
Castle : Well, Racine or no Racine, he was married, right? Has a kid.
Castle : They must have known.
Esposito : I saw Carol last month. She doesn't know anything.
Beckett : You sure about that?
Esposito : Hell, I'm not sure about anything anymore.
Ryan : Where you going?
Esposito : Take a poly, clear my name.
Beckett : Go pick up the wife. Let's see what she knows.
Carol : I'm sorry. I don't believe you.
Beckett : His thumbprint's on our victim's body, Carol.
Beckett : He's alive. There's no other explanation.
Carol : They never recovered Ike's body, so I don't know.