Beckett : Unfortunately, sir, we are dead in the water.
UNK: No, we're not.
UNK: If Thornton never worked for Racine,
UNK: then someone lied to IA three years ago.
Beckett : To throw suspicion from the real dirty cop.
Castle : So whoever IA was talking to,
Castle : they must know who the real dirty cop is.
Castle : All we need to do is get the name of the informant
Castle : from Holliwell and run him down.
Tom : Easier said than done.
Tom : There's no way an IA officer is gonna give up the name
Tom : of a confidential informant.
Montgomery : We'll see about that.
Ike : You sure you're ready to bet your badge on this?
Ike : Pretty long odds.
Esposito : You're my partner.
Esposito : You sure you can get us in Racine's office?
Ike : Trust me. I've been casing the joint for three years.
Ike : Let's roll.
Beckett : Sir, how did you do it?
UNK: Pulling strings and trading favors.
Beckett : This can't be right.
Beckett : The investigation against Ike Thornton three years ago,
Beckett : Lieutenant Holliwell lists his chief informant
Beckett : as Detective Javier Esposito.
UNK: Son of a bitch.
Castle : - What does that mean? - It means there was no informant.
Beckett : Sir, is there any way to find out if Holliwell served at the 54th?
Esposito : Come on, bro. What the hell's taking so long?
UNK: I could have chewed through that by now.
UNK: Here.
Ike : There we go.
Holliwel : Nice thing about Internal Affairs,
Holliwel : it's our job to monitor other cops.
Holliwel : You should've turned your cell phone off completely, Esposito.
Holliwel : You know, with GPS and all.
Esposito : All this time, it was you.
Holliwel : I figured you'd come for that sooner or later.
Holliwel : Big mistake.
Holliwel : Toss the ledger over here.
Holliwel : Throw it!
Holliwel : See, if I were you, Thornton,
UNK: I would've just stayed dead.
Ike : You're not me. I'm a cop.
Holliwel : I beg to differ, buddy. You're a wanted criminal.
Holliwel : Just ask Esposito over here.
Holliwel : He died trying to apprehend you.
Holliwel : My only regret is that I...
Holliwel : I showed up too late to save him.
UNK: You son of a bitch.
Ike : Look, there's something I want to say before we're done here.
Ike : Thanks for backing me up.
Esposito : Lot of good that did us.
UNK: I am going to get the Medal of Valor for killing you, Thornton.
Ike : No, I'm serious, man.
Ike : Thanks for having my back.
Holliwel : Thank God you're here.
Holliwel : They tried to kill me. Esposito and Thornton, they're both in on it.
Beckett : Drop it or I will drop you.
Tom : You know the drill, Holliwell. Keep them up.
Beckett : Lieutenant Holliwell, you're under arrest for the murder of Paul Finch.
Ryan : Where's Esposito?
Ryan : Where's Esposito?
UNK: Esposito?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : We got an officer down.
Ryan : William 16, William 16, need an ambulance at 3471 Houston.
Ike : I'm cool. It was a clean exit.
UNK: Holliwell?
Ryan : Yeah, we got him and the ledger.
UNK: Good.
Beckett : - Ike. - Yeah.
UNK: - This is my partner, Ryan. - Hey.
Esposito : And this is my other partner, Castle.
Castle : Hey, man.
Beckett : And with Holliwell's testimony and the ledger,
Beckett : we now have enough evidence to arrest Racine.
Montgomery : Okay, but what I don't understand is how the hell you ended up
Montgomery : in Racine's office with Thornton.
Beckett : - Sir, I... - Oh, I... I'm sorry, sir.
Beckett : I thought we made that clear.
Beckett : Esposito was with us
Beckett : when we responded to a robbery in progress call at Racine's office.
Montgomery : Uh-huh. And who made the call?
Castle : The call was made by a private citizen who wishes to remain anonymous.
Montgomery : I may need a private citizen to help me write up this damn mess.
Castle : I'd be happy to lend my expertise.
UNK: So...
Ike : I know you're not turning me loose.
Esposito : Just a furlough.
Ryan : We got something we want you to see.
Esposito : You did it, bro.
Esposito : And the best news is
Esposito : you're free to go.
Tom : As far as I'm concerned, Finch acted alone.
Tom : It's my case. I'm closing it.
Castle : And I don't see Racine pressing charges anytime soon.
Castle : Right now, he's trying to deny that the ledger is his.
Beckett : It's time for you to go home, Ike.
Tom : So is it always this much fun up here?
Beckett : We have our moments.
Tom : So now that you know I'm not a dirty cop,
Tom : anytime you need a sparring partner...
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : I'm sorry. What? - I find...
UNK: What?