Kelly : She was wearing a hood and sunglasses,
Kelly : but I recognized her instantly.
Kelly : It was Kay Cappuccio.
Castle : The reality television star?
ESPOSITO : Check the time stamp,
Esposito : right in the middle of our time of death window.
CASTLE : Here's what I don't get.
Castle : Why would Kay Cappuccio want to kill Francisco Pilar?
BECKETT : Here's what I don't get.
Beckett : How does this woman have her own perfume line,
Beckett : an army of paparazzi outside her apartment,
Beckett : millions of Twitter followers, dozens of magazine covers,
UNK: all with no discernible talent to account for it?
Castle : Even more perplexing. Why in almost every photo is she posed like this?
Castle : Oh, guys, sorry, no time for photos.
Castle : Okay, maybe just one.
Paparazzo : Hey, that's not Jason Bateman.
UNK: PHOTOGRAPHERS GROAN IN DISAPPOINTMENT
Castle : That's getting old.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
Reggie : You two must be the soft drink people, right?
Beckett : Actually, no. We are NYPD. We're here to speak with Kay Cappuccio.
Reggie : Oh, my bad. Why don't you just grab a squat right over there?
Lanie : Excuse me?
Reggie : Phoebe will bring you a goji-berry juice.
Beckett : You know what? I think I have a better idea.
UNK: Everybody, take five.
REGGIE : Whoa! Hold on a second.
Reggie : Kay Cappuccio doesn't have five to spare.
Castle : How about fifteen to twenty?
UNK: And that goji-berry juice sounds delightful.
Kay : Sure, I knew Francisco.
UNK: I hired him to do two weeks of behavior training with my dog.
UNK: Our show is gonna start shooting again soon
Kay : and Lolita has some minor aggression issues I wanted taken care of.
Castle : This little charmer? I find it hard to believe.
UNK: BARKING
Castle : I assume you asked for your money back.
Kay : I never paid him.
Kay : He brought her back yesterday morning after just a few days.
Kay : Said he didn't want to work with me.
Kay : So, are we done here?
Kay : 'Cause I have fittings, a couple endorsement meetings,
UNK: like, three red carpets I have to show up at.
Beckett : And I've got a witness that places you at the murder scene. So sit down.
UNK: Sure.
Beckett : Now why did you go to see Francisco after the dog show last night?
Kay : I wanted an explanation as to why he wouldn't train Lolita.
Castle : And what did he tell you?
Kay : I would so much rather not go into it.
BECKETT : We've got a video of you leaving Francisco's dressing room
Beckett : right around the time of the murder.
UNK: So "not going into it" is not an option.
Kay : Fine. We didn't talk about anythin because he was already dead.