Kay : Wait. This one.
Esposito : This one? This is from a high angle.
Kay : No, no. This is from last week.
UNK: This is the day that Lolit got off her leash and she climbed up this hill
UNK: and this would've been her exact vantage point.
ESPOSITO : Now all I gotta do is call Celebrity Report
Esposito : and they ought to lead me right to...
Esposito : Marcus Hiatt.
UNK: All the pictures ID'd from the collar-cam can be traced back to him.
UNK: He was outside Kay's place with the rest of the paparazzi.
UNK: The guy's a full-on stalkerazzi.
UNK: Harassment, trespassing, even B&E.
Esposito : Seems like there's nothing this guy won't do to get that big money shot.
Esposito : And we know he had opportunity for the murder
Esposito : because he was issued credentials to that dog show.
Beckett : Wonder where he might be now?
UNK: KNOCK ON WINDOW
CASTLE : Who is your cable service provider?
Castle : Because I do not get this channel.
BECKETT : You recognize your work, Marcus?
Esposito : Kay Cappuccio did. And so did that scandal rag you sold it to.
Becket : How did you get access to the dog? Did you pay someone off?
Marcus : You guys are way off base here, all right? Look, it's not what you think.
UNK: No? 'Cause I think you knew that if Francisco told Kay about the collar,
Esposito : she'd go straight to the FBI,
Esposito : and you saw your whole world crashing down around you.
Marcus : I did not kill that Francisco guy.
UNK: I didn't even wire the dog collar, either.
Castle : Who's a good boy, huh?
Castle : Who's a good boy? Is Marcus a good boy?
Castle : No. He's not a good boy. He's a bad boy.
UNK: Maybe if I could hack into her cell phone,
UNK: maybe I'd find some nude pictures of her or something.
Marcus : But then out of nowhere, I picked up that video feed.
Marcus : Kay Cappuccio dropping her bathrobe and jumping into the shower.
Marcus : Look, I know they say she's got no talent,
Marcus : but let me tell you something, brother,
Marcus : that girl's got more talent than...
Esposito : Hey! Watch your mouth.
Beckett : Do you actually expect us to believe
Beckett : that you accidently came across that feed?
Marcus : Look, I don't know where it was coming from and, really, I didn't care.
Marcus : I was sitting on a gold mine.
Marcus : Only I didn't have the equipment to record it at first,
Marcus : so I scrambled to get it set up.
Marcus : But, later that day, they shipped the dog o ff to that damn trainer.
Beckett : Well, that's a great story, Marcus.
UNK: Look, if you wanna find who killed him,
UNK: find who he was doing business with.
Marcus : And I'm not talking about his dog-training business, either.
Beckett : Then what are you talking about?