UNK: "I know she's working for somebody."
Phoebe : He seemed really paranoid.
Castle : Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
Kay : No clue. That's why I went to go talk with him.
UNK: Okay. Well, I guess then we are done. For now.
UNK: Just stay available for questioning.
Kay : Oh, my God, like I'm gonna go anywhere?
Kay : I can't take one step without a million people taking my picture.
Beckett : Well, it's no mystery why someone
Beckett : wouldn't want to be in business with Kay,
UNK: but why did Francisco think that she was working for someone?
CASTLE : Especially since her whole life is about not working.
Castle : And what made him so paranoid about her?
Ryan : Maybe he had something to hide.
Ryan : Looks like there might be some truth
Ryan : to those rumors that the fix was in.
ESPOSITO : Yeah. I've been going through Francisco's financials.
Esposito : He made a bunch of cash deposits
Esposito : over the last year, 10 grand a pop.
Esposito : So we went back and looked at the last few shows he judged.
Esposito : Our boy had a thing for long shots.
UNK: The line at Vegas on yesterday's Sunfare winner was fifty to one,
Ryan : a real underdog.
CASTLE : Well, what doesn't make any sense is,
Castle : if he was taking the bribes, why would they kill him?
ESPOSITO : Maybe he wanted out.
Esposito : Or more money.
Ryan : His calendar said he had weekly appointments
Ryan : with a therapist, a Dr. Patty Barker.
Ryan : They had a session the day he died.
Ryan : Maybe she can fill in some gaps.
Beckett : Okay, let's bring her in.
LANIE : Brought you guys a little visitor!
Castle : Oh! Look who it is.
UNK: Hello! Look at you. You're adorable.
Lanie : Okay, adorable.
Lanie : We swabbed his mouth for human DNA, but I don't have high hopes.
Lanie : Even if there were some, all that slobbering, it's probably long gone.
Castle : Hey, what are we gonna do with Royal?
Castle : I mean, Francisco didn't have any family.
LANIE : I didn't have the heart to call Animal Control.
Ryan : Jenny's friend runs a rescue.
UNK: Or we could keep him here at the precinct.
Castle : I mean, we could use a mascot.
Esposito : I thought that's what you were.
Castle : That... What's that? What's that, buddy?
Castle : Esposito's sense of humor fell down a well and can't get out?
UNK: Please?
Beckett : Okay, fine. But only until we find him a suitable home.
Lanie : Then you better find out what kind of food he eats,
Lanie : because he's not touching the stuff I put out.
Beckett : Well, there's gotta be some food for him at Francisco's place.
Beckett : Who wants to make a run for it?
Esposito : To go get dog food?
UNK: Castle. Ryan.
UNK: Esposito.
Castle : Well, shall we settle this like men? CLEARS THROAT
Kay : All right.
UNK: Mmm.
Ryan : Two out of three?
UNK: Snip.
UNK: Dr. Patty Barker : He's been my patient for years.
UNK: Dr. Patty Barker : I see him whenever his travel allows for it.