Castle : Yeah. I thought I had everything together,
Castle : but at the last minute, I could not find Mr. Squeaky.
UNK: TOY SQUEAKING
Castle : So don't worry about feeding him.
Castle : I had a rib eye I couldn't finish.
Beckett : You fed him a steak?
Castle : Yeah, don't worry, we worked it off.
Castle : He played fetch in the hall
Castle : and then we watched so me Beverly Hills Chihuahua.
UNK: And, boy, this guy, this guy is a snuggler.
Beckett : And I bet you let him sit on your couch, didn't you?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : No, it's okay. You can be the fun one, and I'll just be the bad guy,
Beckett : because there is no way that you are shedding all over my couch.
Castle : Oh, no, he's perfectly happy right there.
Castle : Oh! And he loves it when you rub him right between the eyes,
Castle : just little circles with your thumb,
UNK: just like this, not too hard, just...
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Yeah, there's... You get it.
Castle : Yeah. All right! You guys have fun.
Castle : Don't miss me too much. The dog, not you.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: DOOR SHUTS
UNK: Okay. Come on, right here. TOY SQUEAKING
UNK: Come on, right here. Come on.
Beckett : You're so cute!
KAY : I never thought I would say this,
UNK: but I am so sick of looking at myself right now.
Kay : I can't even imagi ne how you must feel.
Esposito : Don't worry about me. What about that one?
UNK: Um... That is what I wore on Thursday.
Kay : So that means Lolita was off at the groomers, so no.
Kay : The collar couldn't ha ve taken this picture.
UNK: I can't believe you can identify what day of the year it is
UNK: just from what you're wearing.
Kay : And people say I'm talentless.
Esposito : Don't listen to those haters.
Esposito : How many of them can say they've got their own cosmetics line, huh?
Esposito : How about this one?
Kay : No. God, I remember that day.
Kay : There was this creep photographer hidden down between two cars.
UNK: SIGHING
Kay : This is depressing.
Castle : Don't worry, we'll catch the guy.
Kay : No, I mean my life.
UNK: It's shopping and partying and more shopping.
Kay : And it is bad enough that people
Kay : fight to take pictures of doing all this dumb stuff.
UNK: But do you really think that Francisco w as murdered because of it?
Esposito : Well, if he was, doesn't make it your fault.
Kay : Did he have a family?
Esposito : No. It was just him and his dog.
UNK: Oh! I guess we weren't so different, then.
Esposito : What are you talking about? You have Reggie,
UNK: Phoebe, all your friends.
Esposito : Look at all these pictures.
Esposito : You're never alone.
Kay : Pictures can be really deceiving.