UNK: Hey. No, I was just making a point.
Castle : Please, don't call me that.
ESPOSITO : Victim is Francisco Pilar, judge of the dog show.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We found him here in his dressing room.
UNK: Javier Esposito : He still had cash on him, plus his wallet, phone
UNK: and a key card of some kind.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Is the cause of death what it looks like?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Yep. Someone put a leash around his neck and pulled.
Beckett : Do you guys have an estimated time of death?
UNK: I put together a window...
Lanie : Excuse me. You're doing my job now?
Lanie : I didn't know you went to medical school.
Lanie : But go ahead, "Doctor" Esposito.
UNK: Okay. Last guy to see Francisco alive
UNK: left this room at 5 : 15 to go get him some dinner.
UNK: And Mr. Greene found him like this 20 minutes later.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
UNK: Adam Greene. I'm the Sunfare Show organizer.
UNK: Mr. Greene, how well did you know our victim, Francisco?
Green : Francisco's been our judge for almost two decades.
Green : No one cared about dogs more than he did.
Beckett : Did he have any family that we could talk to?
Green : Royal was his family.
Castle : That's a handsome pooch.
Green : Francisco loved him very much.
UNK: The truth is he got along with dogs a lot better than their owners.
Castle : So, dog whisperer, check. People whisperer, not so much.
Beckett : Did he have any problems with any of the owners?
Green : What are you suggesting?
UNK: Just that he was killed about half an hour after he gave out Best in Show.
UNK: I'll admit, show dog owners can be passionate people,
Green : but not to this extent.
CASTLE : Somebody wrapped that leash around his neck.
BECKETT : We'll need a list of the names of all of the contestants
Beckett : along with anyone that might have had access to this room.
Green : Of course.
UNK: SNARLING
UNK: Isn't this Francisco Pilar's dog?
Green : Yes, that's Royal.
Green : We thought it best to keep him out of the room.
Castle : Why is he doing that?
Green : He was doing the same thing by the body when we found him.
UNK: May be some sort of grieving process.
Green : I'll get you that list of names.
Castle : So the dog was at the crime scene at the time of the murder.
Beckett : What do you want us to do? Bring him in for questioning?
Castle : I'm just saying, would man's best friend stand idlyby
Castle : while his mast er was attacked?
Beckett : And if he did intervene,
Beckett : maybe he got DNA or trace evidence on him that could lead to our killer.
UNK: I may have a lead of my own.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : One of the losing contestants just filed this appeal of Francisco's decision,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : guy named David Hernand.
UNK: They said he was so angry that the vein in his forehead
UNK: Kevin Ryan : was visibly throbbing.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Apparently, dog shows are this guy's whole life.
UNK: David Hernand : Was I upset about Francisco's death? Sure.
UNK: But I was more upset about his choice for Best in Show.
UNK: And that ribbon belonged to my Max.
UNK: Mr. Hernand, can you account for your whereabouts