UNK: If you ask me, that number's on the low side.
Kay : You are too sweet.
Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : A million dollars, it's a pretty powerful incentive.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : When did you get that collar?
Kay : A few weeks ago.
UNK: The camera would've had to be installed since then,
Castle : which would mean they would need access to your dog.
Kay : Lolita is barely ever out of my sight.
Kay : Only when she goes on her walk. Or to the groomers.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna need the names of all of those people,
Beckett : along with your house staff.
UNK: We're gonna want to run background checks on all of them.
Castle : In the meantime, we should keep the collar-cam active.
Castle : We don't want whoever's behind this to know we're onto them.
Beckett : Right, which means just go about your regular routine.
Castle : Just try to keep your private moments, well, private.
BECKETT : Look, if Kay was the actual target of the surveillance,
Beckett : what does any of this have to do with Francisco's murder?
Castle : What if Francisco discovers the collar is rigged?
Castle : He returns the dog to Kay,
UNK: but doesn't get a chance to confront her about it at the time.
UNK: But whoever's monitoring the feed, hoping to see her naked,
Castle : hears Kay say that she intends to talk to Francisco after the show.
UNK: So then they killed him to keep him quiet?
Esposito : This is paparazzi we're talking about.
UNK: I can see one of those scum killing for a fat paycheck.
Beckett : So if we find whoever bugged that collar,
Beckett : then we might be able to find our killer?
Castle : Well, we could go through recent photos of Kay, you know,
Castle : from tabloids, gossip websites, and see if s he can identify any of them
Castle : as being from the collar-cam.
Beckett : And then there might be a trail that leads back to the guilty party.
UNK: So we're gonna have to find somebody to pull all those photos.
Esposito : I'll do it.
Castle : Got a little case of puppy love there, Esposito?
UNK: SCOFFS
Beckett : You do realize that she's got a serious boyfriend, right?
UNK: Who? Reggie? SCOFFS
UNK: He was a backup dancer in her fitness video.
Esposito : I mean, I don't even know what she's doing with that knucklehead.