UNK: it all happened on the same day he was killed.
UNK: You know, I got a feeling that Kay Cappuccio
Beckett : knows a lot more than she's letting on.
UNK: We're gonna have to talk to her again.
Beckett : And this time, she's coming to us.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
Beckett : Right this way, Ms. Cappuccio.
Beckett : Just her.
UNK: WHIMPERING
UNK: DEVICE BEEPING
BECKETT : I don't really watch reality television, Ms. Cappuccio.
Beckett : Would you like to know why?
UNK: DOG SNARLING
KAY : Doggy kisses. Kisses!
Beckett : Because I usually find that it's not all that real.
Beckett : And I don't like things or people who present fiction as truth.
Beckett : In fact, I find it to be a waste of time.
Kay : Okay, is this why you brought me down here? To insult my show?
Beckett : This isn't about your show.
Beckett : I want to know what really happened with Francisco.
Beckett : This time, the truth.
Kay : I told you the truth.
Beckett : Well, according to your assistant,
Beckett : Francisco asked you who you were working for. What does that mean?
Kay : I told you, I have no idea.
Castle : Really. No idea that he was starting a breeding venture
Castle : that his competitors were just dying to know about?
UNK: Tell me, does the phrase "corporate espionage" mean anything to you?
UNK: No.
Kay : No, seriously, I have no idea what it means.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Ryan : Could I see you guys for a second?
Ryan : She set off the sweeper.
UNK: What?
Ryan : The bug sweeper was on my desk.
Ryan : When she walked by, it went off.
Castle : You think she's wearing a wire?
Esposito : Dude, look at that outfit. Where's she gonna put a wire?
UNK: Well, if I had to be creative, I guess... That's rhetorical.
Ryan : We went into the tech room to isolate the frequency
Ryan : that the bug w as transmitting on
UNK: and we found, well...
UNK: Show them.
Kay : All right.
KAY : Sweet baby. Mommy's gonna get you home so soon.
UNK: Boobs?
Esposito : Not just any boobs. Her boobs.
UNK: It's on the collar!
Castle : There's a camera in one of the jewels in the dog's collar.
Castle : You said she takes that dog with her wherever she goes?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Which means that Francisco probably
Beckett : wasn't the intended target of the surveillance.
Castle : Kay Cappuccio is!
Kay : I cannot believe that someone has been watching me.
Castle : Ms. Cappuccio, when you say that your dog goes with you everywhere...
Kay : Oh, my God. He could've seen me in the shower,
UNK: he could've seen me and Reggie in bed together.
UNK: He could've seen me without my makeup!
Kay : I feel so violated.
Beckett : Look, the paparazzi are aggressive, but wiring a dog collar?
Beckett : That's a lot of effort to go through just to get some celebrity video.
Kay : I mean, it's not just any celebrity video.
UNK: I mean, TMZ's offered, lik a million bucks for the first naked picture of me.