Beckett : What do you want?
Beckett : We're investigating his murder. What t he hell is this place?
Patterson : Francisco was breeding a new type of designer dog, the Pilar Retriever.
Patterson : I managed the operation when he was traveling. It was a real tragedy.
UNK: Guy spends his whole life developing a dog.
Patterson : He was almost ready to unveil it, too.
Beckett : How well did you know Francisco?
ESPOSITO : Yeah, did he have a gambling hobby?
Esposito : Possibly took some bribes from the wrong people?
Patterson : Francisco didn't have hobbies. His whole life was his work.
Patterson : And it was honest work.
Esposito : Yeah, well, the thing is,
Esposito : Francisco made a bunch of major cash deposits into an account.
Patterson : Let me guess, 10 grand each, right?
Patterson : Word was leaking out about the Pilar Retriever.
Patterson : People were stopping Francisco at dog shows,
Patterson : giving him cash just to reserve a pup from the first litter.
Beckett : Any idea why he rushed over here yesterday?
Patterson : Actually, yeah. He showed up with a bug detector,
Patterson : started sweeping the place.
UNK: Why would anyone wanna put a kennel under surveillance?
Esposito : I don't know.
Patterson : Well, his breeding and training methods were closely guarded secrets.
Patterson : And the Pilar Retriever was making his competitors very nervous.
Beckett : Anyone specific?
Patterson : It sounded crazy at the time,
UNK: but he thought one of his dog-training clients
Patterson : was in business with someone who was trying to infiltrate our operation.
Beckett : And did he tell you which client?
Reporter : Kay Cappuccio? Why would she steal Francisco's secrets?
UNK: Well, we don't know for sure that she did.
UNK: In fact, we don't know that he was actually bugged by anyone.
UNK: Well, we do now. Francisco's sweeper has a memory,
Ryan : and it tripped to a listening device yesterday morning.
Castle : The same time he confronted Kay's people
Castle : and asked who she was working for.
Castle : This can't be a coincidence