UNK: Mr Zelner : - May I help you? - Yeah. I'm a friend of Rachel Green's.
Ross : Actually, we met at the Christmas party about two years ago.
UNK: - Oh, right. Don? - Close. Ron.
UNK: Well, what can I do for you?
Ross : Well, I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back.
UNK: Mr Zelner : Did she ask you to come here and do this?
Ross : First I have to get you to agree...
Ross : ...then we'll see if she wants to come back.
UNK: Mr Zelner : Wow, that is tempting.
UNK: She loved her job here. Let's face it, you're not gonna find anyone...
UNK: ...who did it as well as she did. Isn't that true?
UNK: Mr Zelner : - She is good. - I took a shot there.
UNK: Mr Zelner : But I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do.
UNK: Oh, that's not true. There's nothing I want to do.
Chandler : I see.
Ross : Thanks very much.
Ross : - Is this your son? - Yeah, his name is Ross.
Ross : - What? - Nothing, it's just that it's close to Ron.
Ross : Does little Ross like dinosaurs, by any chance?
UNK: Mr Zelner : Yeah, they're all he talks about. Why?
Ross : How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History...
Ross : ...after everyone else has left, just the two of us...
Ross : ...and he can touch anything he wants?
UNK: I just heard it how you must have heard it, and that's not good.
Ross : Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist.
UNK: You'll be there with us, and the touching refers only to bones... fossils!
UNK: - You could really arrange that? - You let Rachel come back and it's done.
UNK: I guess having Rachel back wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.
Ross : Yes! Thank you! This is great! Thank you so much.
UNK: I swear, your kid's gonna have the time of his life.
Ross : That's great. I worry about little Ross.
UNK: He's always reading, collecting rocks and he's obsessed with dinosaurs.
UNK: He'll be fine!
UNK: - Hey, Pheebs. - Hey.
UNK: - Everything okay? - I'm just mad at my agent.
Phoebe : Estelle? Why?
UNK: There's a part in this TV movie that I would be perfect for...
UNK: ...and I didn't even get put up for it. She better have a good reason.
UNK: I'm guessing she does.
UNK: Well, I wanna hear it, because she keeps doing this.
Phoebe : No, wait, wait, wait! All right, I gotta go.
Phoebe : Just listen. Promise me that you will wait a minute before you call her.
UNK: Well, okay. Why?
Phoebe : Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.
Joey : I love that saying!
Joey : - Hello? - Joey, it's Estelle.
Joey : I was just gonna call you. That's weird.
UNK: It's a little coincidental, but believable.
UNK: Listen, I'm sure you're wondering why I didn't get you...
UNK: Phoebe-estelle : ...an audition for that TV movie.
Joey : Yeah, actually I am.
UNK: Phoebe-estelle : I guess I dropped the ball there.
UNK: That's it? You know, it seems like all you do lately is drop the ball.
UNK: Don't take that tone with me. Who do you think you are?
UNK: Alan Lemon, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic?
UNK: No, look, all I'm saying is you're my agent...
UNK: ...and you're not getting me any auditions and I'm tired of it.