UNK: Previously on Friends :
Chandler : - How did the job stuff go? - He offered me one!
Ross : You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israel's finest!
Rachel : The job is in Paris.
Rachel : Oh, God, please, somebody say something.
Ross : So if you take this job, you'll be moving to Paris?
Chandler : Or facing a bitch of a commute.
Rachel : I know, it's huge, and it's scary and it's really far away from you guys.
Rachel : But this is such an incredible opportunity for me.
UNK: I've already told them about our situation with Emma...
Rachel : ...and they said they'll do whatever we need to make us feel comfortable.
Rachel : I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out. Anything we want.
Chandler : My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle.
Ross : - All right. We'll work it out. - Oh, thank you. Thank you.
Ross : - You sure this is what you want? - I think it is.
Phoebe : - What's going on? - I got a really incredible job offer.
Joey : - Hey, great! All right! - Good for you!
Rachel : - It's in Paris. - What?
Joey : No, no, no! No, no, no! No, too much is changing, okay?
Joey : First Phoebe getting married. Congratulations.
Joey : And then these two move in to a stupid house in the stupid suburbs.
UNK: - Earlier, you said you'd be supportive. - It comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it!
Rachel : You guys, this is really, really important to me.
Rachel : It means a lot if you could try to get onboard.
Phoebe : - Of course we can. Congratulations. - Thank you.
UNK: Joey?
Joey : No, my hugs are reserved for people staying in America!
Rachel : Joey, it would mean...
UNK: No! Get your France-going arms away from me!
UNK: - Are you okay with this? - Well, it makes me feel sad, but...
Phoebe : - Talking to Ross. - I see.
Ross : Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every day?
UNK: How could I be okay with this?
Monica : But what are we gonna do? She really needs this job.
UNK: Do you think if Ralph Lauren offered her her old job back, she would take it?
UNK: How's that gonna happen?
Chandler : Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
UNK: Like, I don't know, I could talk to her boss. Yeah.
Ross : I met him at that Christmas party. I mean, we really hit it off.
UNK: - The guy who kept calling you "Ron"? - I didn't say we were brothers!
UNK: Technically, this is not a hug.
UNK: You read the obituaries?
UNK: Yeah. Well, I got a few curses on people.
UNK: I just like to see how they're coming.
Monica : - Hey, Phoebe. Hey. - Hi.
Monica : The house next door to the one that we're buying just went on the market.
Monica : I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Chandler : We close escrow tomorrow.
Chandler : Seeing another house can only confuse us. We're easily confused.
Chandler : We're not very bright.
UNK: But what if it's better than ours? Shouldn't we look?
Chandler : What do you think, Pheebs?