Chandler : Why is everybody using these tiny, little lights nowadays?
UNK: I remember when people used big ones.
UNK: That's a good story, Grandpa.
UNK: Wow. Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree?
Ross : Did someone get her drunk again, or...?
UNK: Having a perfect tree is not what Christmas is about.
UNK: It's about being with loved ones.
UNK: That is nice. And we're done. Ta-da!
UNK: It just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
Monica : Oh, here.
Chandler : See, now it feels like Christmas.
UNK: The One With The Routine
UNK: who'd bring palm branches into huts on the shortest day of the year...
UNK: symbolizing life's triumph over death.
Ross : And that was, like, 4000 years ago.
Rachel : Around the same time that you started this story.
Joey : -Hey, you guys. -Hey. What's up?
Joey : I had to get out of the apartment. Janine's stretching all over.
UNK: Everywhere I look she's like...
UNK: I can see why that's hard to resist.
Joey : I like her so much.
UNK: I'm sorry she doesn't feel the same.
UNK: I know. And she's so sweet.
UNK: I just want to feed her grapes and brush her hair.
UNK: You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Ross : I am so over Janine.
Ross : Yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like old news.
Janine : -Hey, guys. -Janine!
UNK: I'm gonna be a dancer on a TV special for New Year's Eve.
UNK: It's called some sort of Dickin' Rockin' Dicky Eve.
Monica : Hold it.
Monica : Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve?
UNK: Yeah, that's what I said.
Monica : Oh, my God, we love that show!
Monica : Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember.
UNK: You're still just a little fat girl inside, aren't you?
UNK: I'm gonna be one of the party people.
UNK: You're gonna be a party person? Those guys rock the most!
UNK: They said to bring someone. Want to be my dance partner?
Joey : I would love to spend New Year's with you.
UNK: They're taping tomorrow. I don't understand why..
UNK: Well, how it works is...
Ross : the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live.
Ross : But they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time.
Ross : Not a lot of people know that.
UNK: Do you guys want to come too?
Ross : -Are you serious? -We are there!
Chandler : What are you laughing at?
Rachel : Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her.
UNK: Thanks. Great, so we can all go together.
UNK: I gotta run. I'll catch you later.
Ross : Bye, Janine.
Joey : Did she just ask me out on a date?
UNK: I don't think so.
UNK: She invited him to the biggest party of the millennium.
Rachel : Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross.
UNK: I'm sorry, I don't think that that was a romantic thing.
UNK: Well, maybe. But, hey, I know how I can find out.
UNK: It's a New Year's Eve party.
Joey : So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great.
UNK: If she says, "What are you doing?"
UNK: I can say, "It wasn't me, it was New Year's."
UNK: That's better than Ross kissing me in high school...
Rachel : and saying that he did it because he needed Chap Stick.
Ross : It was a dry day.
UNK: We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve!
Monica : Oh, my God!
Monica : Oh, my God!
Monica : Oh, my God!
UNK: Okay, I've been on sets before...
UNK: so let me give you some advice.
UNK: It's a show, but we're just dancing. It's no big deal.
UNK: Important thing to remember : Stay cool.
Ross : -Got it. -Okay.
Monica : Oh, my God! It's just like I dreamed it!
Director : Everyone! Gather up!
UNK: -Excuse us! -Excuse us!
UNK: The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance...
UNK: we'll tape it. Don't look at the camera. Questions?
Ross : Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?