House : Mazel tov.
House : Now it's time to say those magic words you'll be telling her for the rest of her life,
House : "Mommy's gotta go to work."
Cuddy : Have the risks of the transplant procedure been explained to you?
House : Damn it! I was hoping you weren't going to ask her that.
House : Of course she knows. Can you just sign the paperwork?
Cuddy : Dr. House explained to you that all surgeries carry risks? You could die.
House : And if you don't do it, Daddy will die.
Cuddy : Stop pressuring her.
UNK: Sorry. Daddy's perfectly healthy.
House : But we want you to give him the kidney anyway,
House : 'cause it'd be cool if he had three.
Cuddy : Shut up.
Cuddy : Do you understand the risks of living with one kidney?
UNK: Yeah.
Cuddy : And you still want to proceed with the transplant?
UNK: Yeah.
Cuddy : Okay. Go ahead.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I'm saying you can proceed.
UNK: And I'm saying I can't.
House : Whatever he has, she has, too.
House : She's sleepwalking.
Kutner : If we don't give him a new kidney, he's dead in a week.
Kutner : We have to transplant.
House : When your remote has a dead battery,
House : you don't replace it with another dead battery.
House : Whatever's killing the dad's kidneys
UNK: is going to kill the kid's, too.
Taub : It is possible the sleep issues aren't medically related.
Taub : Maybe they're both insomniacs due to the turnpike noise,
Taub : maybe they both drink too much coffee, maybe...
Thirteen : House is right.
Taub : How do you know?
Thirteen : Because the daughter is sweating blood.
UNK: But if they have the same thing, it means there has to be a common cause,
House : which means it has to be a toxin, infection or genetic.
Thirteen : And since we've ruled out infections and toxins...
Kutner : It narrows it down to any one of a dozen genetic disorders,
Kutner : each of which takes more than a week to run.
House : Call Foreman, get to work.
Wilson : What's your theory, she's only acting happy to make you miserable?
House : I need a genetic disease.
House : I'm sure you're carrying a few.
House : Symptoms are kidney failure, bleeding and insomnia.
Wilson : You paid off the pool?
UNK: Technically, anyone who didn't enter is a winner.
House : It's not over yet.
House : Everyone's happy until they unwrap that pretty present
House : and find they got a wall clock in the shape of Africa.
Wilson : Adoption's a cheat, remember?
Wilson : There's no real pregnancy, so there's no stranded dopamine receptors,
Wilson : so there's no post-partum depression.
Wilson : Cuddy will be the happiest new mother you've ever seen.
Wilson : I've just given you the answer, haven't I?
Wilson : And now you're going to walk out of here without saying a word.
UNK: Nope.
House : Good news. I know what you have,
House : and you're both gonna be fine.
UNK: What? Are you serious?
House : Yes, and no.
Foreman : So you do know what they have?
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : But they aren't going to be fine.
House : No idea. They might be.
Foreman : Why the hell would you say they were?
House : To make them happy.
Foreman : For two seconds?
UNK: Technically, to see if they can be happy.
UNK: I should have seen a grin, a twinkle, a sigh of relief, something.
Foreman : They're sick, they're tired.
House : They're anhedonic.
House : Incapable of experiencing pleasure.
House : Something's bushwhacked their dopamine receptors.
Thirteen : They're depressed. Mom's dead, Dad's dying.
Thirteen : You should know that being bummed isn't necessarily a pathology.
House : Being bummed doesn't explain their lack of friends,
House : or their indifference to each other.
Taub : Why their place had no music, no view, no decor.
Thirteen : But if you can't feel pleasure, what's with the cocaine?
UNK: Really? Is that why you do drugs? 'Cause you're happy?
UNK: Most people do them 'cause they wanna be happy.
House : His subconscious craved it, needed it.
UNK: The most common cause of anhedonia is schizophrenia.