House : All of the shopping, none of the stretch marks.
Cuddy : Not a good time.
House : Right. Kid's getting worse.
House : Blessing in disguise, although completely predictable.
UNK: If you take in strays, don't be surprised by the worms.
UNK: I'm still wearing the sweater.
House : I didn't say you weren't stubborn, I said you weren't maternal.
Samantha : Thank you. Go away.
House : You're getting crankier. Baby's sick.
Cuddy : Sorry I'm not finding the fun in that.
House : Is it really worth it? Just for the pursuit of unconditional love?
Cuddy : Only you could see that as a bad thing.
House : It's a fake thing.
House : There's no unconditional love, it's just unconditional need.
House : Don't make this child a victim of your biological clock.
UNK: Victim?
Cuddy : You think she's better off staying...
UNK: Yes.
House : 'Cause at least she knows she's not qualified for the job.
Cuddy : Let me guess. I'm gonna tell her not to play ball in the house,
Cuddy : but she's not gonna listen. No.
House : Actually, I was going for she sneaks her boyfriend in while you're sleeping,
House : and he wants to do it on the desk,
House : and at first she says no, but she has issues with self-esteem...
Cuddy : You know you're gonna pay for that.
House : I'm paying for it right now with wisdom.
Thirteen : Get out.
Taub : We found lactose. The coke was cut with milk powder.
House : Makes it nutritious.
Thirteen : Not much of a toxin.
House : It is if he's allergic to milk.
Cuddy : He's not. There's milk in his fridge.
House : How does he like his coffee?
Jerry : I don't know. What does that...
House : What type of cereal's in the cabinet?
UNK: Cocoa something. Why? What does it matter?
House : He likes his coffee black. Milk's for the kid.
Thirteen : How can you be sure?
House : Because if he drank the milk, he'd know that he's lactose intolerant.
House : Ask him, then treat him for allergic reaction.
House : If he gets better, we all get to go home early.
Cuddy : Steroids make you more prone to infection.
Cuddy : You'll have to stay here for the next two weeks, so we can monitor you.
Cuddy : The baby's lungs, is that because of the meth?
Thirteen : Could be.
Becca : You must hate me.
UNK: If you had done everything right in your life, I wouldn't be getting a baby.
Becca : You're not scared?
Cuddy : I am scared.
Becca : You got, like, this perfect life.
Cuddy : Not yet.
Becca : What's that?
Cuddy : Heart rate's climbing.
Becca : What's wrong with her?
Cuddy : It's not the baby, it's you.
Cuddy : I need two units of O-negative, stat!
Cuddy : The mother had a Stage Two placental abruption, she's losing blood.
House : So, deliver the baby.
Cuddy : Lungs are 10 weeks premature.
House : So, deliver now, risk the baby.
House : Deliver later, risk the mom.
House : It's not your baby yet, it's not your call.
Cuddy : She'll do whatever I tell her to do.
House : Self-worth issues... That's genetic, you know.
House : You should deliver now.
UNK: Right.
House : Are you serious?