UNK: Becca?
Becca : Dr. Cuddy?
Cuddy : Lisa. Nice to meet you.
Becca : Oh! You want one? No, thanks.
Becca : I can't stop eating them. I guess it's, like, a craving.
Becca : I must have, like, a dozen a day.
Becca : And this is decaf.
Cuddy : How have you been feeling?
UNK: Uh... You know, tired, fat, nervous.
Cuddy : Is there anything you want to ask me?
Becca : Yeah, actually, I just have one question.
Becca : What are you going to call her?
Cuddy : I'm not sure.
Cuddy : It's all been rather sudden, you know?
Cuddy : I like Joy.
Cuddy : But as I said, I haven't really decided yet.
Becca : Well, is there anything you want to ask me?
Becca : It's okay.
UNK: The agency website is filled with prospective parents.
UNK: There are their photos, their biographies.
UNK: There're so many wonderful people out there.
Cuddy : Wonderful couples.
Becca : Why did I choose a single mom?
Becca : My grandmother was married for 37 years to a man that treated her like garbage,
Becca : and my mom would've stayed married to my loser dad that long,
Becca : but he dumped her.
Becca : You know, I never understood how you could fall for the same crap as your mother.
Becca : Then I met Tony.
Becca : When I read your bio, a doctor, a head of a hospital.
Becca : When I saw your picture...
Becca : I don't want her raised by a loser.
Cuddy : How long have you had that rash?
Jerry : I don't know, a few days.
Cuddy : Have you had any joint pain?
Becca : Yeah, I'm pregnant. All my joints hurt.
Cuddy : They shouldn't all hurt.
Cuddy : Have you been using?
Becca : Not in seven months.
Becca : Not since I found out I was pregnant.
Cuddy : That needs to be checked out.
Thirteen : You sure you don't want children?
Taub : You know, just because we're stuck here, and I'm lying down,
House : doesn't mean we need to get deep.
Thirteen : You're afraid you'll make the same mistake you made with your wife?
Thirteen : Get caught taking some other kid to a ball game?
Taub : I like my life as it is.
Thirteen : Alpha waves increasing.
Taub : Any change in demeanor?
Thirteen : No, nothing. He just got up.
Taub : Maybe it's a result of a blood pressure change.
Taub : Delta waves. Out of nowhere.
Taub : He's now asleep.
Taub : Brain's supposed to turn off motor function.
Thirteen : If the brain was doing what it was supposed to be doing, we wouldn't be here.
Thirteen : He's leaving. Come on.
Cuddy : She's 38 weeks. You think it's Fifth disease?
Becca : What's that? It's a viral infection.
Cuddy : It can infect the fetus.
Cameron : Usually in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy,
Cameron : and in women who have trouble with their immune system.
Cuddy : History of drug use could have compromised her immune system.
Becca : I told you I haven't used anything in seven months.
Cameron : It does look more like a heat rash to me.
Cuddy : Yes, well, maybe we want to look at the actual blood tests.
Cameron : Of course.
UNK: Does she work for you? Yeah.
Becca : Everybody here works for you?
Cuddy : When this happens for real, are you okay to deliver here?
Becca : Yeah, sure. Good.
Cameron : Blood work's normal.
Cuddy : Test it again.
Cameron : Tested it twice.
Cameron : I'll get you some topical cream for that rash.
Cuddy : I'm admitting her.
Taub : There's nothing wrong with her.
Cuddy : There are dozens of other things this rash could indicate.
Cuddy : I want a full fetal workup.
House : You're losing it. That's what happens when you have kids.
House : Ceaseless crying and nagging leads to irrational fears.
House : It's impressive that you didn't wait for the actual crying and nagging.
UNK: She had a lace-patterned rash, joint pain and a history of drug abuse.
Cuddy : You would've done exactly the same thing.
House : And I'd be an excellent father.
Cuddy : Hey, what are you doing?
House : Baby barf.
House : Maternity ward was handing out free samples.
Cuddy : Well played, sir.
Cuddy : You leave me no choice but to change.
Cuddy : My clothes, not my mind.
House : That's exactly my point.
House : It's not gonna be me and a cup.
House : It's gonna be eight times a day.