UNK: You got at least a trillion cells.
House : You're gonna misplace one of them eventually.
Bob : I have to tell my wife the truth.
Park : There's plenty of time for that after the operation.
Bob : What if I die? And one day she finds out I cheated on her.
UNK: I'll never be able lo explain. Never tell her how sorry I am.
Taub : You're increasing the odds of that every second we waste here.
Bob : No, I'm not agreeing to anything until I talk to her.
UNK: Daddy!
UNK: Hey!
Bob : Hey, guys.
Sally : Ew! Your neck looks really gross.
Bob : I missed you both so much, but I need to ask you a favor.
Bob : I need to talk to Mommy alone for a second.
Bob : Would you mind watching them for us?
UNK: Um...
Taub : This guy's an idiot.
Park : I think he actually has a good point.
Park : What would you think if you found out, years later,
Park : your beloved dead wife cheated on you?
Taub : I wouldn't believe it.
Taub : As long as I don't hear it directly from her,
UNK: then loan hang on to hope that it's not true.
Taub : But this way,
Taub : she has to either dump him or forgive him.
Denise : Guys, get your stuff. We're leaving.
Park : I'm so sorry.
Denise : I'll be back.
Denise : I'm gonna drop our kids off at my mother's.
Denise : Look, he made a mistake. A stupid, horrible mistake.
Denise : But we'll get through this.
Denise : All I care about right now is that my husband gets better.
Wilson : Sorry about yesterday.
Taub : Why is he so obsessed with my kids being my kids?
Taub : Because he sees insecurity,
Taub : and when House senses weakness, he pounces.
Taub : And because his insecurity is the fact
Taub : that other people can have faith
Taub : and don't have the obsessive need for physical proof.
Wilson : Also, he started a betting pool
Wilson : on which kid is yours and which isn't.
Taub : An entire hospital betting on the legitimacy of my kids.
Taub : It's great to be back among friends.
Wilson : I'm not the bad guy here.
Wilson : I'm betting on them both being yours.
Wilson : I would have donated the money to charity.