Chase : Approaching the clot, stand by for...
Adams : That's not a clot.
Chase : It's his lymph nodes.
Chase : The bulge wasn't caused by pus or blood. It's tissue inﬂammation.
UNK: How could there be that much... Lymphoma.
Adams : We need to take a biopsy.
Chase : - Did I nick something? - I don't know.
Chase : I don't see any bleeding in here.
UNK: His sclera is jaundiced. I think it's his liver.
Adams : It's failing.
Adams : We did a major operation for no reason. It's not Lemierre's Syndrome.
Chase : We would have had to biopsy his lymph nodes anyway to check for cancer.
Adams : Which it's not, biopsy was clean.
Park : We could be dealing with an alcoholic going through withdrawal.
Park : Explains his heart, seizures and liver failing.
House : But not his swollen lymph nodes.
Park : Why are we stealing cable from here?
Park : We don't even have a TV in our office.
House : I'm an ex-con trying to adjust to a world that's passed me by.
House : Stealing's all I know.
House : And the fact that I was right about what's wrong with our patient,
House : just wrong about what.
Taub : He means it's not Lemierre's, but it's still an infection,
Taub : which is why it's spreading so rapidly.
Park : Cultures take time and his liver doesn't have much left.
House : That's why we're gonna blast him
House : with broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Adams : The blast will fry what's left of his liver. The cure will kill him.
Chase : Not if we get him a liver transplant first
Chase : and then treat him with the broad-spectrum.
House : And old team for the win.
House : Not that I'm keeping score.
House : It's more of a grid where I assign numerical values that determine
House : who gets raises, vacation time and my respect.
UNK: We have him on the donor list for a liver, but these things take time.
Denise : So he could die before he gets one?
Adams : It's a possibility, but we have another option.
Adams : We can do a partial liver transplant from a living donor.
UNK: - I'll do it. - If you're a match,
Chase : but to increase our odds, we'd like to
Chase : get your friends and family tested, as well.
Bob : Is it safe?
Adams : It's a major surgery.
Adams : Donor spends a week in the hospital
Adams : and up to three months convalescing at home.
Bob : I can't ask someone to do that for me.
Denise : There are hundreds of people who would do that for you.
Bob : Because they don't know the real me.
Denise : You are a good man who made a mistake.
Bob : Then I have to tell them first.
Denise : I have to live with this, too.
Bob : I know. And I'm sorry,
Bob : but this is the only way that I can do this.
Bob : Before I ask any of you to sacrifice three months of your life for me,
Bob : I have a confession.
Bob : I had an affair.
Bob : I cheated on Denise.