Chase : We'd like to perform an exercise test.
Chase : Recreate the stress that may have caused his symptoms.
Denise : He was sitting at his desk.
Chase : It's his heart we're worried about.
Chase : The test will monitor its rhythm
Chase : so we can check for any abnormalities.
House : I spent a month in solitary. You don't think I can keep this up all day?
Wilson : I have a headache. Could you just lower your voice?
House : Chase and Taub are back!
Wilson : You want me to pick up an ice cream cake?
House : I also think that Taub
House : has brought his little Taubettes into work with him today.
UNK: And why would he do that?
House : Because I didn't give him time to do anything else.
UNK: So then I started wondering,
UNK: "Who'd be sappy enough to watch them for him?"
Wilson : They're not here.
UNK: What?
House : I just came for a chat with a friend.
House : What's that I smell, friend?
Wilson : I understand your confusion.
Wilson : I was eating a baby for lunch and...
Wilson : I have a massive migraine.
Wilson : Will you, please, just go away?
House : You should probably lie down to rest.
Wilson : Yeah, I was trying to.
UNK: Oh...
House : There is one more thing.
UNK: He's in too good of shape.
Chase : We need to get him to the point he was at last night.
Adams : Don't look at me, but if you want to.
UNK: Cute,
UNK: but I didn't mean physical stress.
Park : Don't you guys think this is irresponsible?
Park : It's like you getting two women pregnant at the same time.
Park : I just mean the part about the odds of it happening.
Park : They had to be incredibly high.
Park : And if we induce V-fib,
Park : odds say that we'll be able to revive him
Park : but there's always a chance we can't.
Taub : It's extreme and reckless. That's House. You get used to it.
House : Or I fire you.
House : Look what I found.
UNK: Kiddie-winkies. I wonder who they belong to.
Taub : Give me my kids.
House : No, I genuinely wonder who they belong to.
House : I need a DNA sample.
Taub : I'm not letting you DNA test my kids.
UNK: I already did. This swab's for you.
House : Fine, if you don't mind paying a fortune
House : in child support for some other guy's kids?
House : No skin cells off my cheek.
Park : His heart rate's finally elevating.
Denise : Dr. Chase said you had something to tell me?
Chase : We were talking about how you got the abrasions on your knees.
Chase : The flag football game?
House : Oh, um...
Bob : Yeah, honey, I'm gonna need you to let the guys know
Bob : I'm not gonna be able to play on Saturday.
Denise : The whole town knows that you're in the hospital.
Denise : I wouldn't worry about it.
Adams : That's not what you wanted to tell her.
Adams : You said the game wasn't typical.
Adams : Something happened that you were upset about.
Bob : I don't understand. What are you...
Bob : I don't... I don't feel very...
Denise : What's happening?
Taub : It's not his heart. I know.