Park : There wasn't any abnormal electrical activity
Park : in his EKG when the seizure occurred.
UNK: It wasn't caused by V-fib.
Adams : We still can't rule it out.
Adams : His EKG from the E.R. documented it.
UNK: Myocarditis?
Chase : Viral infection weakening the wall muscles.
UNK: We'd need to biopsy his heart to confirm.
UNK: Myocarditis wouldn't cause a seizure.
Taub : Could be genetic. Brugada syndrome?
House : Oh, my God.
House : Two prodigal sons. Come on, let's hug it out.
Taub : You really like the idea or you just
UNK: wanna grab some hair for a DNA test?
House : It's a stupid idea.
House : We would have seen evidence of Brugada in the EKG.
House : You know, this is...
UNK: It's just messing with my feng shui here. What about over there?
Park : A pheochromocytoma?
Park : Excess adrenaline can cause heart problems and seizures.
UNK: Boring. I'm sorry.
Park : I thought I was here to treat the patients, not entertain you.
House : Would it hurt to do both?
House : This is much better.
House : I said it was boring, I didn't say it was wrong.
Park : So I'm right?
House : Nope, you're wrong. Photic epilepsy.
House : It's equally boring, but it has the advantage of possibly being right.
House : Give him an EEG to confirm.
Wilson : If you ever hear me mention anything about wanting kids,
Wilson : please feel free to punch me in the liver.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : Like Satan's alarm clock.
Foreman : What's House up to?
Foreman : He hasn't asked me for anything,
Foreman : he's been incredibly well behaved,
Foreman : he's doing his clinic hours.
Wilson : That is a sign of concern.
Foreman : You know him as well as I do.
Foreman : He needs to constantly establish he's the alpha dog.
Wilson : He's got his team back, he's got his office back,
Wilson : he's got everything he needs.
Foreman : You really believe that? He's content?
Foreman : I don't want to let House sabotage himself by sabotaging me.
Foreman : And I need your guidance and your trust to do that.
Wilson : No, no, no.
Wilson : Cuddy had a problem with House, she came to me.
Wilson : Wanted to vent' me. How did that turn out?
Wilson : You have a problem with House, deal with it, or find someone else who can.
UNK: We're sorry about earlier, but we needed to provoke a reaction.
Bob : It worked.
Bob : I can barely look her in the eyes anymore.
Adams : I'd want my husband to tell me the truth.
UNK: Sure.
Chase : You'll feel better, and she'll feel what?
UNK: Devastated, betrayed, heartbroken.
Chase : You really want to do that to her?
UNK: No.
Bob : But I can't live like this.
Chase : But she can.
Chase : All set.
Adams : All right, we need you to sit back and try to relax.
Adams : Just look at the light.
Park : What exactly are they building back there?
House : A dream. The EEG didn't show
Chase : any abnormal brain activity.