Taub : He said he understood completely and that I was fired, so...
Taub : Since I have my kids for the next two days, I need a babysitter.
UNK: No.
UNK: or any other symptoms for that matter.
House : What was he doing when his heart decided to do the mambo?
Park : He said he was at work.
House : You're late.
Taub : According to my calendar, I'm a week early.
House : Beard's a nice touch.
House : Lets everyone know that you're not a teenage girl.
House : Now, you two make a cute couple.
House : And you two...
House : It's not important.
Park : Dr. Park.
Park : You're a lot taller than I thought you'd be.
Taub : And I look forward to working with you, as well.
House : He's lying. Not just Taub, the patient.
House : These abrasions on his knees, they're minty fresh.
UNK: They're about 10 hours old.
Adams : He got them playing flag football.
UNK: He said he got them playing flag football.
UNK: I'm sure that's true, if flag is a euphemism for "penis"
UNK: and football is a euphemism for "entering a vagina".
Adams : Why lie about it? Everybody lies.
House : Speaking of which, how are your two baby girls?
Park : Wow, twins. Congratulations.
UNK: Awkward.
House : He knocked up two different women at the same time.
UNK: At least he thinks he did. Did you have the DNA tested yet?
Taub : Why would I? They look just like me.
House : But they will grow.
House : Find out what else he's lying about.
House : Do an exercise test, see if you can
House : get him to go back into V-fib again.
Park : But we could end up causing another cardiac arrest.
House : Hopefully, then we'll know what set it off.
Chase : He means, it's better to do it here where we can revive him
Chase : than have it happen somewhere else.
House : The prodigal son has returned.
House : Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go
House : slaughter a fatted calf for lunch.
Bob : I told you, I was sitting at my desk when the attack happened.
Chase : These rug burns are from last night.
Adams : We think you were having sex, but memory loss could also be a symptom.
Adams : Maybe we should ask your wife?
UNK: Don't.
Bob : I did something stupid last night, but it was a one-time thing.
Bob : You have no idea how bad I feel about it.
Adams : Your guilt is between you and your wife,
Adams : we just need to know what happened.
Bob : I was having sex at a motel
Bob : when I started to feel light-headed.
Bob : Next thing I knew, I was lying on my back,
Bob : I could barely breathe.
Denise : Is everything all right?