Bob : I wouldn't blame anyone if you decide...
Denise : I forgive him.
Denise : That should be enough for all of us.
Denise : Thank you so much for coming here...
Bob : There's more.
Bob : Larry, that new transmission I put in your truck,
Bob : you didn't need it.
Bob : Joe, same thing with the engine rebuild.
Bob : In fact, I cheated most of you here tonight.
Bob : Half the time you bring your cars into my garage,
Bob : there's nothing wrong with them.
Bob : I've been ripping you all off for years.
Bob : I also took $10,000 from the Harvest Scholarship Fund
Bob : and I lost it gambling.
Park : I'm sorry.
Bob : I'm not the man you thought I was.
Park : That went over well.
Chase : Out of the two donors who didn't walk out,
Chase : both were negative for a potential match.
Chase : Telling the truth may have just killed this guy.
Adams : I told him to tell his wife he cheated,
Adams : not confess every sin he's ever committed.
UNK: If everybody did that, we'd never find a donor for anyone again.
Adams : Everybody doesn't lie, cheat or steal from their friends.
Chase : Yeah, they do.
Chase : Maybe not as much as this guy,
Chase : but if people told nothing but the truth,
Chase : the world would probably burn down over night.
Adams : Some people think it's burning now.
Adams : Maybe if everybody didn't lie...
UNK: Aww, that is cute.
House : I'm talking about your breasts.
House : They always get perky when you're being painfully earnest.
UNK: Truth.
House : It's uncomfortable, isn't it?
House : More truth, I only noticed because Chase was staring at them.
House : He'd never admit it because he doesn't want to offend you.
House : Same reason he'd never tell you
House : that he's thought about having sex with you.
House : Although, to be fair, every man you've ever met
House : has thought about having sex with you.
House : They'll lie, because if you knew,
House : you probably wouldn't want to have sex with them.
House : And that's just some of the lies from the last minute.
House : And here's a bigger one.
House : You already know this,
House : but you pretend you don't because it makes you feel civilized.
House : Most people find it easier to ignore the truth.
House : Ask Taub.
House : Our patient can't wait for a transplant that's never gonna come.
Chase : We need to get reckless and extreme.
House : CT his liver, find the damaged area and cut it out.
House : Hopefully what's left will be enough
House : so we can start treatment with broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Taub : I'm sorry the first time I had both of you together, I had to work.
Taub : But Daddy's boss is what we call a jackass.
UNK: It's okay. Stay right there.
Taub : I'm also sorry
Taub : for what I'm about to do
Taub : because nothing will ever change how I feel about you guys.
Taub : But Daddy is weak and needs to know.
UNK: Okay. I'm just gonna put this right here, okay?
UNK: It's 3 : 30 in the morning.
UNK: Why are you still here?
Foreman : House is here.
Foreman : And apparently prepping for an operation
Foreman : that will probably kill a patient.
Chase : I wouldn't be doing this if I thought there was another way.
House : There is. He needs a transplant.
Chase : You have one lying around?
Chase : 'Cause he'll be dead if he doesn't get one in the next few hours.
Foreman : That falls under natural causes.
Foreman : If you kill him, we're looking at...
Chase : Dead is dead.
Foreman : Not as far as our lawyers are concerned.
Foreman : I'm not being a dick.
Foreman : This is a real issue and I have to worry about the big picture now.
Bob : I don't.
Chase : I'll be doing what you would have done a year ago.
Chase : I'll be in surgery.
Adams : Chase? You need to check this out.
UNK: This is his CT scan of his liver from 10 hours ago.
Adams : This is from now.
Foreman : It's healing itself?
Taub : When I left the room, he was telling her about
Taub : the strippers from his bachelor party.