House : Can you pass me the...
House : What took you so long?
House : Doesn't answer the question.
Foreman : It took us a little time to think up a diagnostic test
Foreman : no one's ever thought up before.
Chase : It could be a tumor in a salivary gland.
Chase : We should get a parotid biopsy.
UNK: Aww! That's so cute.
House : You're fighting over who's in charge.
Taub : GI bleed's more likely to explain the nausea and weakness.
House : Who's in charge?
Foreman : House, as long as you're not here,
Foreman : someone has to have the final...
Taub : and do your job, or if you're going to wallow in self-pity.
House : Those my only two choices?
House : Or can I also point out the self-pity coming from you?
Taub : That is not true in so many ways.
House : And right now, I give you the authority
House : to scope his GI tract and biopsy his parotid,
Masters : House, should we be more worried about you?
Masters : Are you on Vicodin?
Masters : Because if you are, you probably shouldn't be ordering procedures.
House : I am not on Vicodin.
House : I have to see a man about a hurdy gurdy.
Wilson : You really think House isn't using Vicodin?
Taub : Does it actually worry you?
Masters : If he's self-prescribing meds,
Masters : that could affect his judgment.
Taub : And does that worry you?
Masters : Are you being sarcastic?
Taub : If his rule-breaking is affecting his judgment,
Taub : then you can step in, then you can worry.
Taub : But if he's just coming up with ideas
Taub : that we haven't thought of but we should have,
Taub : then our job is to shut up and do it.
Taub : And what do you see in this guy?
Masters : Hmm? What? Who?
Masters : Oh. You think I'm attracted to our patient.
Taub : Right. It's against the rules. So, you wouldn't do it.
Masters : He's a macho half-wit.
Taub : You have every reason to not be attracted to him,
Taub : which is why I ask the question,
Taub : why are you attracted to him?
Masters : Stop it. I'm just...
Masters : No, no, no, take out the scope. I don't see any...
UNK: No, not the monitor, look at his eyes.
House : Making it, as they say,
House : as tough to find as a hooker who can play the hurdy gurdy.
Foreman : If you have a point, can you please...
House : Means it's tough,
House : but apparently it can be done.
House : You have eyes.
Taub : Not that see through stuff.
Masters : You want us to cut him open?
House : Only if you want to see what's wrong with him.
Chase : Do you see what I see?
UNK: No.
UNK: Exactly.
Taub : More suction.
Taub : That's impossible.
Taub : I definitely saw a mass in the x-rays.
Chase : It's gone now.
House : It's a mass,
House : and then it's not.
UNK: You, uh, going to introduce us?
House : Team, meet Duke.
UNK: Anke.
UNK: Anke?
House : How'd I get Duke?
Masters : House, how many prostitutes have you had?
House : As in, eaten?
House : Ever? This year?
Masters : Slept with since you've been here.
House : All but one.
House : She did my taxes.
House : On the other hand,
UNK: tape worm that burrowed outside his intestinal...
UNK: We would've seen eggs on a faecal smear or systemic eosinophilia.
UNK: Detached cysts?
Foreman : Couldn't migrate that far in one hour.
Foreman : We haven't been sitting on our hands
Foreman : just waiting for your brilliance to kick in.
House : Okay, so how did you shoot down
UNK: intermittently swollen lymph node?
Masters : That would mean it's some kind of infection,
Masters : which would mean we'd have to do a spinal tap.
Masters : But with his recent skull fractures, it could be increased ICP.
Masters : His brain could herniate.
Chase : What about a ventricular puncture?
Foreman : Sounds good.
Master : You think sticking a needle directly into his brain
Master : would be less dangerous than sticking it in his spine?
House : It's probably a push.
House : I'm just trying to get you out of here
House : because underneath this sheet, stuff is going on.
House : Just pick a spot and stick a needle in it.