House : I'm fine.
UNK: Okay.
House : I assume Cuddy told you that she dumped me?
Wilson : She did.
House : And that I'm back on Vicodin.
Wilson : She told me you had taken a Vicodin.
UNK: And then I took a lot more.
UNK: And so on.
Wilson : But you're fine.
UNK: Well, I'm not fine as in fine,
UNK: but I'm fine as in you don't have to worry about me.
Wilson : Because you cleared out your bank account,
Wilson : checked into a hotel and started back on Vicodin.
House : Because I'm going to be fine, as in fine, very soon.
Wilson : Until that happens, are you sure Vicodin is...
House : My leg hurts.
Wilson : You've been able to handle the pain.
House : It's gotten worse.
Wilson : Not physically worse.
House : Worse is worse. Pain doesn't discriminate.
House : Neither do the pills.
House : The Vicodin and the five-star pampering
UNK: that I'm going to get over the next few days
House : should be enough to get me through it.
Wilson : So, you don't want to just avoid the issue.
Wilson : You want to avoid avoiding the issue.
UNK: Sorry.
House : Nothing is either as bad or as good as we think it is at the time.
UNK: It's why T.O. Mocks his opponents immediately after scoring.
House : He doesn't wait till his friend shows up
House : the next day to tell him to deal with it.
House : Two weeks from now,
House : maybe a little more, maybe a little less,
House : my life will be back to its usual level of crappiness.
House : Till then, the only real issue
UNK: is how much I'm going to spend on hotel charges.
Carnell : Good morning, sir. I've got your deluxe breakfast for two.
House : Do I have to count the strawberries?
Carnell : Don't worry, you can trust me with anything.
Carnell : Including your food.
House : After he and I have sex,
UNK: I'm going to slit his throat and then disembowel him in the bathtub.
Carnell : No problem, I'll cancel the morning maid service.
Carnell : Would you like me to have them clean up later
Carnell : when they come to turn down your bed?
House : Why didn't I meet you six months ago?
Carnell : Thank you very much.
Carnell : And if there's anything else I can do
Carnell : to make your stay here more enjoyable,
Carnell : just ring the concierge and ask for Carnell.
House : Eat fast.
House : We're expecting company.
Wilson : Okay, this might not be such a bad idea.
House : What do you think he meant by "anything"?
Wilson : Take some time for yourself, relax.
House : I know it's a figure of speech,
UNK: but he really did seem to underline the "anything".
Wilson : Maybe, talk to someone?
House : Already scheduled.
UNK: Really?
House : I'm not an idiot. I know I need help.
Wilson : Okay, that's great.
Wilson : I meant like a counselor.
House : I know.
Wilson : But you meant a hooker.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Baby steps.
Chase : Ten years of doctors cobbling him back together.
Chase : Metal rods in every limb,
UNK: pin stabilizing his spine, five screws,
Chase : and a titanium plate in his skull.
Foreman : Can't do MRis, X-rays are probably going to be useless as well.
Foreman : Every piece of metal is going to obscure something.
Taub : And House isn't sick.
Masters : Why would you say that?
Taub : Cuddy dumped House. He's out somewhere expecting us to indulge him
Taub : while he ignores his job and licks his wounds.
Masters : Cuddy dumped him?
Taub : Don't do that, don't get sucked in.
Masters : He loves her!
Masters : What, you can't feel bad for him for five minutes?
Taub : I can feel bad for him
Taub : while still expecting him to act like an adult, show up for work
Taub : and not go on a booze, Vicodin, and hooker-filled bender.
UNK: Which is why for now, we're going to handle the case without him.
Chase : Oh! Is that the reason?
Chase : I thought it was because you can't pass up any chance to seize control.
Foreman : I said "we", you want pretty please, too?
Masters : Wait, I understand the booze and the hookers, but why Vicodin?
Chase : Wow, you really don't have any friends in here, do you?