Taub : holding his skull together.
Masters : We can do calorics and an ENG.
UNK: If he has inner ear damage, it'll affect his balance.
Foreman : Sounds good, go ahead.
Foreman : Go ahead? Really?
Chase : What if one of us disagrees?
Chase : I happen to agree with Foreman. Go do it.
Wilson : You knew he was an addict before you got involved.
Cuddy : Didn't end the relationship...
Wilson : You knew he was an ass before...
Cuddy : I didn't end it...
Wilson : You told him you did not want him to change.
Cuddy : And I was wrong. You don't know that!
Wilson : You thought you were going to die.
Wilson : Do you really think that was the right time to make this kind of decision?
UNK: No.
UNK: But I thought about it.
Cuddy : A lot.
Cuddy : I haven't changed my mind.
Wilson : He thought you were going to die.
Wilson : Nobody knows the right way to react in that situation.
Wilson : Just give him another chance.
Wilson : He deserves it.
House : I know.
Cuddy : But this isn't about what he deserves.
Cuddy : When things go wrong, I don't want to hope that I'm not alone,
Cuddy : I want to know it.
Cuddy : With House,
Cuddy : every time I needed him to step up...
UNK: It's just never going to be that!
Cuddy : It's not his fault, it's who he is. I should've known it.
Cuddy : This is my fault.
Wilson : Well, he's back on Vicodin.
Wilson : So you might want
Wilson : to keep an eye on his new patient.
Foreman : ENG was normal, means his inner ear is...
House : You say it.
UNK: Morons.
Taub : Who was that?
Masters : It wasn't that ridiculous of a theory.
House : It's a ridiculous test.
House : You can't give a standard balance test to a champion bull rider.
House : and tell me how high it got.
House : And tell Cuddy that spying is for cowards.
Cuddy : Just keep me posted.
Carnell : I will. I will.
Lane : You said my inner ear was fine.
Taub : Previous test was for regular people.
Taub : You were banged up pretty bad in the accident,
Taub : but given your athletic ability...
Lane : Wasn't no accident. That bull had malice and forethought.
UNK: Ah...
UNK: You mean afterthought.
Lane : Whatever, he was pissed.
Taub : Can you blame him?
Lane : Not at all.
Lane : If he don't do what he gets paid for,
Lane : I don't get to do what I get paid for.
Taub : Ever think of getting paid for doing something else?
Taub : You're running out of bones to break.
Lane : You ever think of doing something you don't love?
Lane : It has its downside, but everything does.
Lane : There ain't nothing like those eight seconds.
UNK: And traveling around getting to meet the fans,
Lane : that ain't so bad either, if you know what I mean.
Lane : All right, now what?
House : We're going to start rocking the platform
Foreman : and changing your visual field
Foreman : while you balance on just your right leg.
Masters : Here you go, Lane.
UNK: I'm going to start slow.
Foreman : If you start to experience any nausea, disorientation,
Foreman : just let us know and we'll stop the test.
Lane : You got it.
UNK: Whoa.
Masters : That is amazing.
Taub : We can stop. There's obviously nothing wrong with his inner ear.
Lane : Now what?
Taub : And I direct that question not to my boss,
Taub : but to anyone who has an answer.
Foreman : If it's not in his ear, it's got to be his brain.
Masters : But if we can't get any images, then how do we...
Lane : You guys got some rusty pipes.
Lane : This water's brown.
Foreman : That's not from the pipes.
Foreman : It's from your mouth.