ESPOSITO : I wish you could see your face right now.
UNK: It's like this neon sign flashing, "I did it!"
Esposito : How's it going?
Castle : They got him on the run.
Ryan : I thought you could use a little pick-me-up.
UNK: Thanks.
Ryan : That's what friends are for, right?
UNK: Right.
Ryan : Hey, how are the wedding plans going? Everything good?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, great.
UNK: Great.
Ryan : Well, if there's anything I can do to help,
Ryan : literally, symbolically, just let me know.
Castle : I will.
ESPOSITO : So what happened, bro? The two of you did a job together?
Esposito : And you had a falling out,
Esposito : then you decided you didn't want to share the score?
Carter : Dude, I'm telling you, I didn't kill anyone.
Beckett : Come on, Carter, you had his bag and his ID on you.
Beckett : You were blocks away from where he was killed
Beckett : and you ride a motocross bike.
Beckett : With your criminal record, this is gonna be a slam dunk for the DA.
Carter : No, no, no, I'm telling you.
Carter : The last time I saw Logan that night, he was still alive.
Beckett : So you admit to having seen him.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Good.
Carter : He heard about my past and hired me for a job.
Beckett : Okay, so what was the job?
Carter : A B and E.
UNK: He told me he'd give me three grand
Carter : to bypass an alarm system and belay him from a rooftop,
Carter : so that he could get into a 15th-floor office.
Esposito : - What office? - I don't know.
Carter : I was on the roof.
UNK: He cut in through the window, went in, and then sent up the gear with the bag.
Carter : That was the last I saw him.
Carter : The plan was for me to disappear with the gear
UNK: and then stash it back at the gym.
UNK: Did he have a camcorder with him?
UNK: Yeah. I mean, there was one in the bag. But it wasn't there when he sent it back.
Esposito : - Did he tell you what he was after? - No.
Carter : But when I saw all the trouble that we were going to,
Carter : I told Logan I wanted a cut, not just the three grand.
Carter : He got really pissed
Carter : and said he wasn't some criminal and this wasn't about money.
Carter : It was about making things right for a friend who died.
Carter : He was really intense. I believed him.
Beckett : Did Logan tell you who this friend was?
Carter : No, he didn't.
Castle : Shipping his tools ahead, hiring an accomplice,
Castle : all the while using a skateboarding event as a cover.
UNK: Seems to me the real reason Logan came back to New York
Castle : was to commit this burglary.
Beckett : Yeah. But what was he stealing, and how is it related to this dead friend?
Esposito : I'll circle back around to the people who knew Logan,
Esposito : see if anybody knows of any break-ins or a dead friend.
UNK: And, Castle, do you wanna come with me down to the skatepark?
Esposito : I thought maybe we could stop by
Esposito : and get some of those bacon brownies that you love.
UNK: You had me at "bacon."
Ryan : Well, you might want to hold off on that offer.
UNK: Yeah, that building that Carter and Logan broke into?
Ryan : It was only a few blocks from where Logan was killed.
Ryan : Yet, I checked the police blotter,
UNK: there were no reported break-ins there that evening.
Ryan : But based on Carter's description,
UNK: I was able to identify which 15th-floor window that Logan entered through.
Ryan : It belongs to a law office for a Brett Zaretsky, Esquire.
Beckett : What was Logan doing breaking into a law office?
Ryan : You guys should probably go find out.
Beckett : Yeah. Come on, Castle. Let's go.
Castle : - Rain check? - Yeah.
Castle : Have you noticed anything odd about Esposito and Ryan lately?
Beckett : - Like what? - They're being nice to me. Weird nice.
Beckett : They probably just feel sorry for you
UNK: after the beatdown I gave you at Scrabble last night.
Castle : Gloat all you want. I will have my revenge.
Ryan : Okay, okay. Let's just find Brett Zaretsky right now.
Castle : New window.
UNK: Tom Fulton : Can I help you?
UNK: Yeah, hi. We're here about the break-in.
UNK: Brett Zaretsky : I'm afraid you've been misinformed.
Castle : A thief didn't break in through your window, Mr. Zaretsky?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Well, why is the glass being replaced?
UNK: A small mishap with a bird.
Zaretsky : A bird?
Castle : Mr. Zaretsky, do you recognize this man?
Zaretsky : No, I'm sorry. I'm afraid I don't.