Beckett : Would you mind if we took a quick look around?
Castle : Yeah, we might be able to help you
Castle : assess any other damage this bird might have caused.
Zaretsky : Yes, I mind.
Beckett : Mr. Zaretsky, were you or anyone else here two nights ago?
UNK: Look, Detective, if you want to question me, get a subpoena.
Zaretsky : If you want to come into these offices, get a warrant.
Zaretsky : Until then, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
Beckett : Look, there's only one reason
Beckett : that lawyer would stonewall us and not report a break-in.
Beckett : He's covering something up.
Castle : A shady law firm, a mysterious death, a young man righting wrongs.
Castle : Maybe Logan Moore is like Erin Brockovich,
Castle : but with a skateboard instead of, you know, other assets.
Beckett : - Brains? - Yes, brains.
UNK: Yeah. Hey, Ryan, can you look into Brett Zaretsky's law firm?
Beckett : Press releases, court filings, lawsuits.
Beckett : See if there's anything there that connects him to Logan.
Ryan : - Yeah. I'm on it. - Hey.
Esposito : Circled back around to Tommy, Ross and Holly.
Esposito : If any of Logan's friends died, they don't know about it.
Beckett : Well, someone must.
Beckett : Where did you say that his mom was again?
Ryan : Taconic Correctional.
Beckett : Okay, let's see if she can shed some light.
Castle : Guys, I know what you're trying to do.
Castle : Why you're being so nice to me.
Castle : Beckett clued me in,
Castle : and honestly, it's just making it harder, so just act normal.
Ryan : - Man. - Man.
UNK: He really can't decide between us.
UNK: Yeah, but can you blame him? I mean, poor guy. He's in a no-win situation.
Esposito : But I may have a solution. Come on.
UNK: Okay. Let me get this straight.
Lanie : You guys want me to decide who should be Castle's best man?
Esposito : Yeah. It's perfect. You're the maid of honor.
Esposito : So you pick, we let Castle know. Everybody wins.
Ryan : Javi, this is ridiculous. Of course she's gonna pick you.
Esposito : That's because there's no better best man material
UNK: than this man right here. Right, baby?
Lanie : Javi, do you really think I'd pick you? With our history? CHUCKLES
Ryan : Well, I guess that's settled.
Lanie : What's settled is, you two are idiots.
Lanie : I'm not picking either one of you. You wanna know why?
UNK: Because I'm not the groom. Detectives.
Esposito : She's just mean.
Esposito : Well, we can't force Castle to choose between us.
Esposito : There's gotta be another way.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : Two days ago, the warden told me my son was dead.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : So I'm just waiting for someone to come along and tell me that he was wrong,
UNK: Mrs. Moore : that there's been some sort of mistake.
Beckett : We're sorry for your loss.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : I lost him a long time ago.
Beckett : Did Logan ever talk to you about a friend of his dying?
Castle : Maybe under unusual circumstances?
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Because we believe that it might be related to Logan's murder.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : Well, there was Jay.
Castle : Who was Jay?
UNK: Mrs. Moore : He was a scrawny little kid from the neighborhood,
UNK: a couple of years younger than Logan.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : He and some of the other kids in the neighborhood
UNK: Mrs. Moore : used to call themselves the Bronx Skate Crew.
UNK: None of 'em had much of a home life,
UNK: Mrs. Moore : so they'd just ride around on their boards all day long
UNK: Mrs. Moore : and get into places they shouldn't.
UNK: But Jay was the one that Logan said might be even better than he was.
Beckett : And what happened to Jay?
UNK: Mrs. Moore : He was killed in some accident, I don't know, like, six years ago.
UNK: Mrs. Moore : Cops never figured out what happened.
Castle : Did Logan ever talk about Jay's death at the time?
CASTLE : Anything out of the ordinary?
UNK: Mrs. Moore : No. I mean, it was the first time that somebody that he knew died,
UNK: Mrs. Moore : so he took it hard.
Esposito : Jay Dixon, age 12. He died April 27th, 2008.
Esposito : Coroner ruled the death a homicide. It was never solved.
Beckett : What happened?
Esposito : COD was blunt force trauma to the head,
Esposito : and his body was found at a construction site.
Castle : Any leads on who did it?
Esposito : No, there were no witnesses, no suspects.
Esposito : All in all, it wasn't much of an investigation.
UNK: A 12-year-old kid gets killed and no one cares enough to find his murderer.
Manny : Logan did.
Castle : Finding justice for Jay seems to be the very reason he came to New York.
UNK: But why now, six years later?
Beckett : And why did Logan think he was running out of time?
Beckett : And what's the connection to Zaretsky or his law firm?
Esposito : If there is one, I haven't found it. He's not named in this file.
UNK: And there was no wrongful death
UNK: or other litigation against the property owners.
UNK: Okay, get a hold of Jay's parents.
UNK: Let's see if they'd been in contact with Logan recently.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check it out.
Ryan : Search team just found this camcorder
Ryan : down the block from where Logan was killed.
Ryan : A Hi8 camcorder.
Ryan : Yeah. CSU gave it a quick look. No prints. No cassette tape.
Ryan : But check it out.
UNK: Bullet hole. So Logan must've had this on him when he was shot.