Beckett : Whoa! Nice tail whip!
Castle : Oh, so you know the lingo.
Castle : Any extreme sports in your history I've yet to hear about?
Beckett : I think catching killers is pretty extreme.
Beckett : And then there's marrying you.
Castle : Yes. I admit I am extreme.
Castle : Extremely handsome.
UNK: Yeah. With a high degree of difficulty.
UNK: - WOMAN : Can I get an autograph? - MANNY : Yeah, no problem.
Beckett : There's Manny.
Manny : - A big heart for you. - WOMAN : Thanks.
Esposito : - Manny Castro? - Yeah, that's me.
Beckett : NYPD. We need to talk to you about Logan Moore.
Manny : Guy's a loser. What's there to talk about?
Beckett : How about his murder?
Manny : When Logan didn't show up for the event,
Manny : I didn't know what to think, but I sure as hell didn't kill him.
BECKETT : Manny, you repeatedly swore to do just that
Beckett : after he beat you in LA.
Castle : And in Austin. And Tampa.
Manny : I talk a lot of trash. The fans go nuts for it. It's all part of the show.
Beckett : We talked to the front desk at your hotel.
UNK: They said that you left at 10 : 00 p.m. Last night
Beckett : and you didn't come back until 5 : 00 a.m.
Manny : I hooked up with a girl! She'll tell you I was with her all night.
Beckett : Yeah, I'm sure she will.
Beckett : But that video of you threatening Logan yesterday,
UNK: that's gonna be a lot harder to explain away.
Manny : No. That's not what it looks like.
Castle : Really? Because it looks like it is what it looks like.
Manny : Listen, right before that video was taken,
Manny : I caught Logan ransacking the festival mobile office, all right?
Castle : Ransacking, as in trashing?
Manny : It was more like he was looking for something.
Beckett : Like what?
Manny : I don't know. And he wouldn't explain himself, so I got up in his face!
UNK: That's what was on the video tape.
Castle : You report it?
UNK: I was gonna tell Tom Fulton, the festival's CEO,
Manny : but he begged me not to, so I kept my mouth shut.
Beckett : And why would you do that for him?
Manny : Logan asked me for 24 hours.
Manny : He swore it was a matter of life and death.
Manny : I guess he was right.
MAN : ON SPEAKERS Immediately following the competition,
UNK: stick around for the meet-and-greet.
UNK: Tom Fulton : Can I help you?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm Detective Beckett. This is my associate, Mr. Castle.
Beckett : We're looking for Tommy Fulton.
Manny : That's me.
Fulton : News just broke Logan Moore was killed. I'm sick about it.
UNK: You here about that or the break-in?
Beckett : Both, actually. When was the last time you saw Logan?
Fulton : Two days ago. He was here doing some practice runs.
Castle : Did he have any issues with anyone here,
Castle : or trouble with anyone on the circuit?
UNK: Well, the guys play to win, but it stays out in the park, you know?
Beckett : So, what was taken from here?
Fulton : So far, the only thing I know missing for sure is my gun.
UNK: I kept a.45 in my desk. Legally registered.
Beckett : Did Logan know about the gun?
UNK: Wait, you think Logan broke in here?
Castle : I'm assuming that would've been out of character?
Fulton : Hell, yes! He was on his way to becoming the next Tony Hawk.
Beckett : Is there any reason that Logan would've needed a gun?
UNK: Look.
Fulton : I know Logan. He had a tough go of things growing up.
Fulton : It wouldn't be the first time a kid like that fell in with a bad crowd.
Castle : What bad crowd?
Fulton : When Logan first came here to register,
Fulton : I remember he gets this weird phone call.
Fulton : He answers and he says,
UNK: "You got some nerve asking me to do this after all these years.
UNK: "Stay the hell out of my life. Don't ever call me again."
Fulton : Then he hung up.
Beckett : Any idea who he was talking to?
Fulton : No, but he was pretty shook up.
Fulton : If he took my gun and someone killed him,
Fulton : maybe there's a connection.
UNK: - BECKETT : Okay, thanks. - Hey!
Beckett : Hey, so Manny Castro's alibi checks.
Beckett : And I talked to Logan's competition.
Beckett : None of them remember anything about him hanging out with a "bad crowd."
UNK: What if that "bad crowd" refers to an evil cabal
Castle : that pays extreme athletes to duel to the death,