UNK: Then I turn defeat into victory.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Oh, my gosh.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Did you really beat Dad at Scrabble?
Castle : I concede nothing. Except that I need more coffee.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : That is quite an accomplishment, young lady.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Nobody beats him, ever.
Beckett : Yeah. He's mentioned that. Repeatedly.
Martha : How the mighty have fallen.
UNK: "Richard Castle. One word short." I cannot allow this to be my epitaph.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : I saw that.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Okay, I'll admit defeat. Thanks. Because I love you.
Beckett : You're letting me win after I already won.
Castle : Under the condition that we have a rematch tonight.
Beckett : Oh, wow. Now you're dictating the terms of surrender.
Castle : Take it or leave it, please.
UNK: Javier Esposito : - Hey! - Hey. So, what happened here?
UNK: Well, according to our witness, our victim, one Logan Moore
Esposito : was hauling ass on a skateboard, with a guy on a motorcycle chasing him.
CASTLE : Sounds like a scene from an action movie.
ESPOSITO : Yeah, I know.
Esposito : Especially when the biker started shooting
Esposito : and Logan crashed through that window right there.
BECKETT : Anything about our victim that'll explain what happened?
Esposito : Not yet. Just that he's 21, has a California driver's license.
Esposito : About all we got at this point.
UNK: So, this biker... Was our witness able to give a description?
ESPOSITO : Our witness is royally wasted.
Esposito : All he knows is that, sometime between 3 : 00 and 4 : 00,
Esposito : it was Death Race 2000 out here.
Esposito : The evidence backs him up, too.
Esposito : CSU found fresh tire tracks in that dirt over there.
Esposito : They're making casts as we speak.
Castle : So either this is the worst case of road rage ever,
Castle : or someone was hell-bent on killing Logan Moore. But why?
Beckett : And why was he out skateboarding between 3 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Well, if he needed some fresh air, he got some.
UNK: Lanie Parish : By way of three holes in his back from 9 mm hollow points.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : So, no eyes on the shooter. There's no security cam coverage in this area.
Beckett : Our victim's from out of town,
Beckett : so he had to have been staying somewhere.
Beckett : Did you find a hotel key or a receipt?
Ryan : Well, we did find this key hung around his neck.
Ryan : And this scrap of paper in his pocket. It's a West Village address.
Beckett : You and Esposito check that out.
Beckett : Castle and I will see what we can find out about our victim.
Beckett : Can you just hang on for one second? Sorry.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, were you able to schedule the fitting for your dress?
Lanie : Absolutely. And the dress that you picked out for me is gorgeous.
Lanie : It's the right mix of elegant and saucy.
Beckett : Well, I had to do right by my maid of honor.
UNK: - Okay, I gotta go. I'll see you. - Okay, all right.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. - Hey.
Esposito : So, did we hear right? Are you Beckett's maid of honor?
Lanie : Yeah, she asked me the other day.