UNK: Gym Clerk : Yeah, I totally remember Logan.
UNK: Gym Clerk : He was in here every day on the rock wall, practicing his climbing.
UNK: And this is his locker.
Beckett : Did you see him come in two nights ago?
UNK: Gym Clerk : I wasn't on duty. But we have security video.
UNK: Gym Clerk : I'm sure I can get you a copy.
BECKETT : Castle, it's here.
UNK: Look at this.
Castle : - Climbing gear. - Yeah.
UNK: And a.45.
UNK: This must be the one that Logan stole from Tommy Fulton.
Castle : But why would he need a gun and climbing ropes that night?
BECKETT : Screwdrivers, wrenches...
UNK: And that would be a glass cutter.
Beckett : And tension tools
Beckett : for picking locks.
UNK: So, Logan Moore wasn't just a champion skateboarder.
Castle : He was a thief.
UNK: Logan Moore. A child of a broken home
Castle : who found solace and salvation on a skateboard.
Castle : But did he use his skills as an extreme athlete
Castle : to become a master thief?
Castle : Did our outlaw skater become an actual outlaw?
Beckett : If he was a thief, then what did he steal?
Beckett : We didn't find anything of value in his locker, or on his body.
Castle : Well, maybe the killer took it. Maybe that's why he targeted Logan.
Ryan : Hey. So while CSU was processing that gym bag,
Ryan : they found this receipt inside from the day he died.
Beckett : - From an electronics store? - Yeah, in Midtown.
Ryan : The owner there said he remembered Logan
Ryan : because he asked for a Hi8 camcorder.
Castle : Hi8? That's an outdated format.
UNK: Yeah, sure is. The one he sold him was 10 years old.
Castle : So why would he buy a 10-year-old camcorder?
Beckett : Maybe he wanted to film his crime.
Castle : Why not use a cell phone or a GoPro?
Esposito : Hey, guys, come check this out.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : So we ran through security footage of the gym
Esposito : to see if anybody was with Logan when he dropped off the bag,
Esposito : or if anyone followed him out.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Here's what we found.
UNK: Tory Ellis : These photo grabs correspond to the exact time Logan's card was swiped.
Beckett : Wait a minute, that's not Logan.
Castle : No. But we've seen him before.
Beckett : Yeah, at Ross DE Koning's penthouse party.
Esposito : And he's wearing a Street Sports tee underneath his hoodie,
UNK: so we checked out their website.
Tory : His name is Carter Wexland.
Tory : He's one of the competitors, so Logan would've known him.
UNK: I pulled his file. He has a record for B and E's, and grand theft.
Esposito : And he's also a motocross rider.
Beckett : Just like our killer.
UNK: Carter Wexland : So I went to the gym. So what?
UNK: At 3 : 40 a.m.?
Carter : I couldn't sleep. What's the big deal?
Beckett : The big deal, Mr. Wexland, is that you used Logan Moore's ID card,
Beckett : when he had just been killed nearby.
Esposito : Ain't hard to figure out where you got it.
UNK: Yeah, he loaned it to me the day before. So I could work out.
UNK: That was a quick workout, considering you were there for only two minutes.
BECKETT : You went there to drop off this duffel bag.
Beckett : And since Logan was carrying this exact bag earlier that night,
Beckett : we know the two of you crossed paths.