Beckett : and that supports Enver's story.
Esposito : Yeah, but Logan wasn't done for the night.
Esposito : He was picking something up.
UNK: The doorman says that he went inside for a sec,
Esposito : came back out carrying a black duffel bag.
UNK: - BECKETT : A duffel bag? - Yeah.
Beckett : Could the doorman tell what was inside?
Esposito : No, but he said it was heavy, so he offered to hail a cab.
Esposito : Logan refused and jumped on his skateboard and rolled away.
UNK: There was no duffel bag at the scene.
Ryan : Maybe the killer took it.
UNK: Canvass the area between Ross' building and our crime scene.
Beckett : If we can figure out where Logan was taking that bag,
Beckett : that should lead us to our killer.
Esposito : We'll get into it.
UNK: You ready to go home?
Beckett : Yeah, yeah, I am. I'm actually kind of tired.
UNK: I hope not too tired to, you know...
UNK: D for "dyad."
Castle : Which means two people talking. As we are now.
Beckett : Well, actually, it's been mostly you talking. Well, bragging, to be specific.
UNK: Okay, a word scores a nine,
Castle : plus the double word score brings it to 18,
UNK: plus the five from the "A-Y," that's a total of 23.
Castle : Bringing my score to 312, versus your paltry 175.
Beckett : Castle, aren't there more important things than winning?
Castle : Oh, that's a notion created to comfort those who lose.
UNK: I was thinking that we could be doing
Beckett : something more interesting with our time.
Castle : Well, in that case, let's hurry up and finish this game.
Beckett : Okay, how about I concede?
Castle : And steal my moment of triumph? No.
Castle : It doesn't count if it's not official.
UNK: Now just take your turn and feel the bitter sting of defeat.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: "Quixotic"?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So that's a triple word score with the "Q" and the "C,"
UNK: plus a double letter score with the "X,"
UNK: and another 50-point bonus for using all of my letters.
Beckett : How many points is that?
UNK: Three hundred and fourteen.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Castle.
Castle : I think I need to be alone.
Ryan : All right, keep me posted. All right. Thanks, Bill.
Esposito : Hey, man. I've been thinking.
Esposito : Castle likes us both too much to have to make the pick for best man,
Esposito : so we should make the decision for him.
UNK: Um... SCOFFS
Ryan : It's his wedding. How do you propose we decide for him?
UNK: Well, one of us is gonna have to drop out.
Esposito : And by one of us, I mean you.
UNK: Me?
Ryan : Why should it be me?
UNK: Because... You think Richard Castle wants you planning his bachelor party?
Esposito : Come on, bro.
Ryan : Esposito, see, being a best man
Ryan : is a lot more than just preparing the bachelor party.
Ryan : I'm a family man. I represent a high moral standing.
UNK: Please.
Ryan : - And I photograph better than you. - What?
Esposito : Let me tell you something. You're going down.
UNK: And just remember that I gave you an opportunity to bow out gracefully.
Esposito : You hear me?
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : Castle! Hey, buddy, how's it going?
Castle : Don't ask.
Esposito : Well, as your close friend, now I have to ask.
Ryan : Did she beat you at Scrabble again?
Castle : Can we just talk about the case, please?
UNK: Yeah, sure. You bet.
UNK: So the canvass to narrow down
UNK: where Logan went with his duffel last night came up empty.
UNK: But you remember the key that we found on him?
Ryan : Well, CSU, they traced it back to a 24-hour gym.
Ryan : And it turns out that Logan was there between 3 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.
UNK: The night he was murdered.
Castle : So the last place he went before he was killed was a gym.
Esposito : And he didn't stay long.
Esposito : His membership card was swiped in,
UNK: and then swiped right back out two minutes later.
Beckett : Just long enough to drop off a duffel bag.