Castle : Looks like someone tried to pry open the cassette slot.
RYAN : Yeah. The killer must've wanted whatever was inside.
Castle : I know why Logan bought the camera.
Castle : He didn't intend to record something. He wanted to play an old cassette tape.
Becket : You think that's why he broke into the law offices? To get a Hi8 tape?
Castle : Jay was killed six years ago.
Castle : If there was evidence of his death,
Castle : it's possible it could be on a format like this.
Ryan : Yeah, but we still don't have it.
Castle : Or do we? Look.
UNK: The tape must've torn when the killer ripped it out.
UNK: And voilá!
Tory : So I was able to digitize that tape fragment
Tory : and recover about six seconds of footage.
Beckett : Look at the time stamp. April 27th, 2008.
UNK: That's the same day Jay Dixon was killed.
Tory : I think I can improve the resolution.
UNK: Is that a construction site?
Castle : This could be footage of Jay Dixon's murder.
Tory : Here we go.
UNK: If you ever tell anyone what happened to Jay, you'll be dead, too!
BECKETT : That's Tommy Fulton, CEO of New York Street Sports.
Castle : Looks like, six years later, Tommy made good on that promise.
Ross : Six years ago, Logan witnesses his friend's murder,
Castle : and then Tommy threatened to kill Logan
Castle : if he ever told what happened to Jay.
Fulton : After all these years, Logan couldn't live with the guilt,
UNK: and he came back to expose the truth.
Beckett : So the question is,
UNK: what was that tape doing in a law office,
Beckett : and how is Zaretsky connected to all of this?
Ryan : I think I figured that one out.
Ryan : Who do you suppose does all the contract work
Ryan : for the Street Sports Festival?
Ryan : Brett Zaretsky?
UNK: Yeah. And Zaretsky also represents Tommy Fulton personally.
Zaretsky : I hope you have a good reason for dragging us down here, Detective.
Beckett : How about murder?
Fulton : Come on. If this is about Logan,
Fulton : I was at a club doing promotions from midnight to 4 : 00 a.m.
Castle : And where were you on April 27th, 2008,
Castle : when Jay Dixon was killed?
UNK: If you ever tell anyone what happened to Jay, you'll be dead, too!
Beckett : When I asked you earlier this morning about Jay Dixon,
UNK: you said that you never heard of him. And that was a lie.
Zaretsky : That tape proves nothing about Logan or Jay's deaths.
Beckett : I can place you at the scene of a six-year-old unsolved murder.
Beckett : I also have circumstantial evidence that you killed Logan in order to cover it up.
Beckett : Now, how much more do you think a jury is gonna need
Beckett : in order to connect those dots?
Fulton : I can explain.
Zaretsky : Don't explain anything, Tommy.
Beckett : You think you can hide behind attorney-client privilege
UNK: if you concealed evidence of a child's murder?
Beckett : I will have you disbarred!
Beckett : And then you will stand trial alongside your client.
Castle : Maybe you'd like to call your lawyer.
Zaretsky : Don't say another word.
Fulton : Brett, what's the point? I mean, the whole plan is screwed anyway.
UNK: Would you stop digging our graves?
Fulton : I'm not going down for murders that someone else did.
Zaretsky : For God's sake, shut your mouth, Tommy.
Fulton : No. Not this time.
Beckett : I think you should leave now.
UNK: Well, you can't kick me out of here. This man is my client.
Fulton : You're fired.
Beckett : Either you leave on your own or I will have you forcibly removed.
Castle : Tommy, what happened?
Castle : How did Jay die six years ago?
Fulton : I started out making skateboard videos with Jay and Logan.
Fulton : That day, I was taping the two of them and my friend DK doing tre flips.
Fulton : Little Jay, he was a natural,
Fulton : but DK couldn't do it.
Fulton : He was never that good on a board.
UNK: Jay...
Fulton : He had a mouth on him,
Fulton : and he was rubbing it in DK's face.
Fulton : DK just snapped.
Fulton : He grabbed Jay
UNK: and he slammed him against this beam,
Fulton : over and over.
Fulton : By the time we could pull him off,