Ryan : Do you have any idea who Castle's best man is?
UNK: First, "Congratulations, Lanie." Oh! Thank you.
Lanie : Second, I don't know if he's picked anyone yet.
UNK: You really think it's one of you?
Lanie : You two.
Ryan : The reality of it is, is that Castle is friends with famous people,
Ryan : like James Patterson and Stephen King.
UNK: Who?
Esposito : Come on, man. You really think Castle wants one of those guys
Esposito : standing beside him when he ties the knot?
Ryan : You know, maybe you're right.
Ryan : Castle has spent practically every day in the precinct for the past few years.
Ryan : Why wouldn't he ask one of us to be his best man?
Esposito : Why wouldn't he pick me to be his best man, is what you mean.
Ryan : Javi, I'm the obvious choice. If you can't see it, I can't explain it to you.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Yes? - NYPD.
Holly : Me and Logan hung out when I lived in LA.
Holly : I really liked him.
Ryan : Was he staying with you, Holly? Is this a key to your apartment?
UNK: No. I don't know where he was crashing.
Esposito : Well, did he stop by?
Esposito : 'Cause your address was in his pocket.
Holly : Yeah, he did. But it was weird.
Holly : Logan called last week, out of the blue.
Holly : He was flying into town,
Holly : and he asked if he could have a small box shipped here.
Esposito : Well, if it was small, why didn't he just take it with him on the plane?
Holly : He didn't want to deal with TSA,
Holly : because he said they always gave him a hard time.
Ryan : What was in the box?
Holly : His skateboard tools and stuff.
Holly : At least, that's what he said.
Ryan : But you didn't believe him?
UNK: It's just, when he came to get it, he acted kind of strange.
Holly : He noticed some tape had come loose on the box
Holly : and he freaked out.
UNK: He made me swear I hadn't opened it.
Ryan : Holly, do you have any idea what was in that box?
UNK: I don't know. I really don't.
UNK: Well, do you know why he flew into town in the first place?
Holly : - For the games. - What games?
Holly : Logan was a pro skateboarder.
Holly : He was here for the New York Street Sports Festival
Holly : down by Chelsea Piers.
Beckett : Okay, so, the Street Sports Festival kicked off yesterday.
Beckett : Logan Moore was entered into
UNK: the street-style skateboarding event and favored to win.
Beckett : His star was on the rise.
Castle : It's all the more impressive given his humble origins.
Castle : Logan's bio says he was born in the Bronx.
Castle : He bounced around foster care after his mother went to prison.
Castle : Then he ran off to California, made his mark as a skater,
Castle : and never looked back.
Beckett : And then he was killed by a gun-wielding biker.
Castle : Not in the bio, but obviously there's more to the story.
Ryan : Hey, so, CSU ID'd those tracks at the scene.
UNK: They were made by Michelin S12s, a type of off-road tire.
Beckett : Why would someone ride an off-road bike on the streets?
Beckett : That would just wear the tires down to nothing.
Ryan : Unless it's the only type of bike the killer had access to.
Ryan : One of the main events at the games is motocross,
Ryan : and those are the tires they use.
Ryan : CSU is checking to see if any of those are a match to the track.
Beckett : Okay, good.
Castle : So our killer could be connected to the games.
UNK: Yeah, and I'm laying money it was Manny Castro.
Beckett : And who is Manny Castro?
Esposito : A top pro who had beef with Logan.
Esposito : Six months ago, Logan showed him up at an event in Los Angeles,
Esposito : then beat him two more times after that.
UNK: Tensions got super high between the two of them.
Beckett : A reigning champion unable to cope with defeat. That sounds familiar.
Esposito : Yeah, but then yesterday, things got physical.
Esposito : A fan posted this on YouTube.
UNK: Hey, I'm talking to you, Logan. You think you can just walk away?
UNK: Get off me, man!
UNK: Your skating days are done. You're done! You hear me, Logan?
Beckett : Where's Manny Castro now?
UNK: He's at the venue. The street-style event just ended, and Manny won.