Fulton : Jay was gone.
Fulton : And the whole thing was caught on tape.
UNK: Logan,
Fulton : he wanted to tell someone, but we were all too scared.
Fulton : DK wanted that video.
Fulton : He had the most to lose.
UNK: So...
Fulton : We cut a deal.
Castle : What kind of a deal?
Fulton : Five million for the tape.
UNK: What kind of kid has $5 million?
Fulton : DK does.
Fulton : With what he's getting from his family, it was a drop in the bucket.
Castle : That's why you had to hang on to the tape.
UNK: The money was in a trust fund.
Castle : DK wouldn't have access to it until his 21 st birthday.
UNK: And that's why Logan knew he had to act right away.
UNK: You were gonna turn over the tape,
Beckett : and it was going to get destroyed, along with the truth.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Cheers, guys! Here we go. Happy birthday to me.
UNK: Hey, Detective. I'm stoked to see you.
Ross : Like my new company logo?
UNK: Yeah. I'd say it's killer.
UNK: Ross Dekoning : In fact,
Beckett : Ross DE Koning, you're under arrest for the murder of Logan Moore.
UNK: And the murder of Jay Dixon.
Ross : What are you talking about?
Beckett : Tommy Fulton told us everything.
Castle : Sorry to ruin your birthday, DK. But look on the bright side.
UNK: The good news is you're 21 now.
Castle : You have control of your trust fund,
Castle : so you'll have plenty of money to spend on your defense.
UNK: Yeah, well, I won't have to, brah. 'Cause you've got no proof.
Beckett : I think we will, brah,
Beckett : after we take a look at that motocross bike in your garage
Beckett : and match it to the tire treads at the crime scene.
Castle : We have officers searching your loft right now.
UNK: What are the odds they find the 9 mm you used to kill Logan?
UNK: Where are you going, huh?
UNK: GRUNTS
Beckett : With Tommy's testimony,
Beckett : the DA is confident that
UNK: he's gonna get Ross DE Koning convicted for both murders.
UNK: At least Logan succeeded in his quest.
UNK: He found justice for his friend.
UNK: And to think all this happened
UNK: because Ross couldn't bear being second best.
UNK: So are you ready for another rematch?
UNK: Really?
Castle : You would deny me a chance at redemption?
Beckett : Well, keep on this path, there's a lot you'll be denied.
UNK: ESPOSITO CLEARS THROAT
Ryan : Hey, Castle, you got a minute?
UNK: Yeah, we need to have a little man-chat.
UNK: There are some reports that I have to file.
Esposito : So, we've been doing a lot of thinking.
Esposito : And, well, we know what you're going through.
Beckett : - You do? - Yeah.
Ryan : We know how tough it's been. So we decided to make it easy for you.
Ryan : You did?
Esposito : Yeah. We talked it over, and now you don't have to choose.
Esposito : We'll both be your best man.
Ryan : - Co-best men. - Yeah.
Ryan : And believe me, we're gonna do it up right for you.
Ryan : Best of both worlds, buddy.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Guys, I'm flattered, and honored.
Ryan : - You're welcome. - Yeah, you should be.
Castle : But I already decided.
Ryan : - You made the right choice. - Talking about me, right?
UNK: I think we're gonna have a great time.
Ryan : The ideas that I've already come up with are pretty amazing.
UNK: - I know the best restaurant. - I'm on the VIP...
UNK: Guys!
Castle : I asked Alexis to be my best man.
Castle : Aside from Beckett, she's the most important person in my life.
Castle : You will be my groomsmen, though, right?
Esposito : - Yeah, man. - Yeah!
Ryan : I wouldn't miss that day for anything.
UNK: - It's gonna be magical. - That's great. Thanks.
UNK: Yeah. It's your day.
UNK: I didn't see that coming.
Esposito : I can't believe I gave him my pen.
Esposito : I can't believe I shared our family's secret recipe.
Esposito : I can't believe we just got beat by a girl.
Ryan : Let's never speak of this again.
Esposito : Speak of what?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: So, where's your mom?
Castle : She and Alexis went to dinner
UNK: and a midnight sing-along of Grease. Why?
UNK: Because I'm ready for a rematch.
Castle : Why did you do that?
Beckett : New game. Poker.
Castle : You want to play poker against me?
Beckett : Strip poker.
Castle : I'll deal.
Castle : Your bet.
UNK: I think I'm gonna go all in.
Castle : Me, too.
Castle : But all I have left to bet with is this shirt.
Beckett : I'll take that bet.
UNK: - What do you got? - Who cares?
Castle : - This is so much better than Scrabble. - Yeah!