UNK: Sid was a tough SOB, but he loved his job,
UNK: and his job was to get us to make America laugh.
UNK: And tonight we honor him by doing just that.
Castle : Chad can't be the killer, can he?
Beckett : Well, it doesn't feel right. But there is an abundance of evidence.
Castle : Yeah, it's too abundant.
Castle : The mask, the gun, the ring. It's just too perfect.
Beckett : So, what, you think he was framed?
Castle : I think there's more to this story.
Beckett : You know, it's possible
UNK: that the killer wanted Evelyn to see the mask and the ring.
Castle : Chad is the perfect fall guy.
UNK: Okay, but if Chad didn't do it, then who did?
Ryan : Uh, I may have a line on that.
Ryan : I figured out what Sid was doing
Ryan : in his office with those spreadsheets.
Ryan : He was going over his corporate bank accounts.
Beckett : Sid went from paying a kidnapper at gunpoint
Beckett : to checking his corporate financials?
Ryan : That's weird.
Ryan : That's not the only thing that's weird.
Ryan : Check out those expenses he highlighted.
Castle : Oh, these are weird. Because?
Ryan : Because I called the bank in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : All of those expenses are bogus.
Beckett : So, someone with access at Sid's company was embezzling money.
UNK: Almost $4 million, the exact amount of the ransom.
Castle : Wait, that's it!
Castle : The embezzler was trying to replace
Castle : the money he'd stolen from Sid.
UNK: I know who the killer is! I know who the killer is!
UNK: Nice. In fairness, though, I walked you right through that.
UNK: Stage Manager : Places for the final sketch!
UNK: Stage Manager : Places for the final sketch!
Liz : Oh. Hi. Is everything all right?
Beckett : Yes. In fact we have some good news.
Vogel : Great, let's talk after the show.
UNK: Actually, show's already over. At least for you.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Beckett : Drop the act, Mr. Vogel. We know that you killed Sid.
Vogel : That's insane.
Castle : Not really,
Castle : not considering the partial sale
Castle : of Sid's company was on the horizon.
Castle : A sale that would mean a review of the company's books.
UNK: Which would expose the $4 million that you embezzled.
Chad : What? Are you out of your mind?
UNK: No, but you must've been.
Castle : Faced with the inevitability of being caught,
Castle : you had to do something.
Castle : So you kidnapped and ransomed Evelyn
Castle : in order to reimburse the money you'd stolen.
Beckett : A duffel bag full of cash would be easy to deposit
Beckett : in the company's Cayman Island bank, where no questions are asked.
Castle : After that, all you'd have to do
Castle : is falsify a few bank statements
Castle : and you'd be in the clear.
Vogel : How dare you? This is absurd!
Beckett : We followed the money, Gene.
UNK: You siphoned the $4 million to invest in a start-up company.
Castle : And when that company went belly-up,
Castle : you could not get your money back.
UNK: Sid must've recognized you at the drop.
Beckett : But he didn't confront you until after
Beckett : he discovered the faked expenses.
Liz : So you killed him? Gene, how could you?