UNK: Evelyn, back to the mask. Did it look anything like this?
Evelyn : Yes! Exactly like that.
Beckett : Is that from Saturday Night Tonight?
Castle : It's from an obscure sketch they did two years ago
UNK: called Lucha Libre Brunch Buffet.
Beckett : So our kidnapper had access to the
Beckett : props and wardrobe room at the studio.
Castle : This was an inside job.
Chad : What do you mean, "A banana sandwich"?
Castle : Carly! Carly Rae! Carly Rae Jepsen!
UNK: I'm Rick! I'm Rick, this is Kate, we're huge fans.
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : Oh, thanks, that means a lot to me.
Beckett : So nice to meet you. Um, Castle, we really need to...
UNK: Yeah. Carly, quick question. That one song, um, Call Me Maybe,
Castle : what did you mean by the lyric...
UNK: Stage Manager : Carly? Two minutes.
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : Oh... I'm so sorry. I have to go perform this song.
UNK: Oh, that's cool. We gotta go solve a murder, so...
UNK: Okay. Nice to meet you!
UNK: Okay, let's go. Bye!
Beckett : Excuse me. Someone recently checked out one of these masks.
Beckett : And we need to know who.
Propmaster : Now? We're in the middle of a live show.
UNK: It was from the Lucha Libre Brunch Buffet sketch.
Propmaster : Yeah, that sketch sucked. We haven't used those masks in years.
Beckett : Well, is there a record of someone signing it out?
UNK: Probably not, but I can check. Could you give me, like, five minutes?
Beckett : Okay. We'll be back.
Castle : We are so close.
Beckett : Yeah, but who would be so brazen, or so naive,
Beckett : as to use a mask from the show to perpetrate a kidnapping?
Valentine : Ladies and gentlemen, performing her hit single,
Valentine : I Really Like You, Carly Rae Jepsen!
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : This is for you, Sid.
Chad : Nice moves.
UNK: Hey, you guys want a better seat?
Chad : There's nothing like watching the show from house seats.
Chad : Hey, it's cool. You can stay here if you like.
Castle : Beckett, check out his ring.
Beckett : Just like Evelyn described.
Beckett : Hey, Chad, we've got a house seat for you.
UNK: Down at the 12th Precinct. Let's go.
Beckett : So, Chad, tell us. How long have you been a page with SNT?
Chad : Uh, five incredible years. Why?
Castle : Don't most pages quit if they don't
Castle : get promoted after a year or two?
Chad : Oh, for me it's worth the wait. Any day now!
Beckett : Yeah, sorry, I don't buy it.
Beckett : I think you got tired of waiting.
Beckett : And after so many years, you wanted payback.
Chad : Payback? What do you mean, "payback"?
Beckett : I'm talking about the $4 million dollar kind.
Beckett : You kidnapped Sid's ex-wife.
Chad : Wait, what?
Valentine : It was a pretty clever plan.
UNK: All except for that one tiny detail
UNK: that you could not have foreseen.
UNK: Sid confronting you at the money drop.