Beckett : and I understand that most employees
Beckett : enter and exit through the front door.
Beckett : But apparently, there's also a private VIP entrance?
Vogel : That's right. Sid had it installed for the actors
Vogel : so they could come and go with more privacy.
Castle : Are there any security cameras on that private entrance?
Liz : They're actors.
Liz : So they also use it to do other things, like...
Vogel : Sid opted not to have surveillance.
Castle : So, there's no way of telling who came
Castle : in or out of the private entrance?
Vogel : I'm afraid not.
Beckett : Was anyone working here last night
UNK: between 11 : 00 p.m. and 2 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Oh...
Vogel : Yes, all the writers and actors.
UNK: Thursday is rewrite night, so most of them were here until sunup.
Castle : Of those people, did anyone have a problem with Sid?
UNK: Who?
Castle : Sorry, sir, we're not quite open yet.
UNK: I record all of our rehearsals.
Liz : This took place yesterday evening.
UNK: Dude, why are you wearing armor?
UNK: Because this sketch sucks and I'm trying to save it.
Castle : Mickey Franks is hilarious.
Vogel : Yes, well. Just watch.
UNK: Mickey, you can't do this.
UNK: Sid already approved the sketch.
UNK: You know, screw Sid!
UNK: Screw Sid! You wanna know what I think of Sid?
UNK: Look, that's what I think of Sid!
UNK: Sid's dead, that's what he is! He's dead to me!
UNK: I'll kill him!
Beckett : He's dead! He's dead! He's dead!
UNK: He's dead! He's...
Vogel : Over the season, Mickey's become more and more unstable.
Vogel : Mood swings, outbursts, talks to himself.
UNK: And to people who aren't there.
Liz : But that was the first time he ever went this far.
Beckett : Well, did he have a reason to be angry with Sid?
Castle : Aside from the lame sketch?
Vogel : Actually, yes.
Vogel : I talked to Sid yesterday morning.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : He said he was planning to fire Mickey.
UNK: How can he fire his star?
UNK: Ah. He's volatile. Unpredictable.
Vogel : He's become more and more of a liability.
Beckett : Mr. Vogel, did Sid break the news to Mickey last night?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know. But he might have.
Beckett : Well, Mickey wasn't at the gathering for Sid.
Beckett : Is he in the building?
UNK: If he is, he'll be in the wardrobe and props room.
Liz : He hangs out there to develop new characters.
Beckett : Hello? Anybody there?
Castle : I'm really hoping Mickey's not the one behind this.
Castle : I mean, the man is just so damn funny on the show.
Castle : Even the crappy episodes. Guy's hysterical.
Beckett : And quite possibly suffering a psychotic break.
Castle : Yes, the fine line
Castle : between genius and madness.
Castle : Mickey Franks, is that you?
Castle : I'm sorry.
UNK: You must've mistaken me for another suit of armor.
Mickey : Now, if you'll excuse me.
Beckett : NYPD. We need to talk.
Mickey : You'll never take me alive, copper!
UNK: Oh! My pancreas!
Castle : You see what I'm saying? Even arrested, he's hilarious!
Castle : Mr. Franks, you're a comedic genius. I'm a huge fan.
UNK: It's his face!
Castle : Mr. Franks.
Mickey : Please direct all your questions to my personal attorney.
Mickey : Mickey, don't say another word.
UNK: I am lead counsel for Mr. Franks.
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Franks, you made some threats against Sid Ross last night.
UNK: You're damn right, I... Don't answer that!
Mickey : Detective, address your questions to me, please.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Thank you.
Beckett : Uh, where were...
UNK: Where was your client between 11 : 00 p.m. and 2 : 00 a.m. last night?
Mickey : He was minding his own damn business!
Mickey : My client is an upstanding citizen and a pillar of the community,
UNK: not to mention, he's also one funny mother-fudgsicle...
Mickey : Hey, watch your language! That's just...
Beckett : What happened, Mickey?
UNK: Did Sid tell you that you were fired, so you snapped and killed him?
Mickey : Hold on. What?
UNK: Sid... Sid's dead?
UNK: Whoa! Hey, I...
Mickey : I didn't kill him.
UNK: I notice you're no longer seeking counsel from your attorney.
UNK: Yeah, no, that's, uh, just an act. I mean, I'm not crazy.