Mickey : Look, I might know who did.
Beckett : Okay. We're listening.
UNK: Look, at around 9 : 00 p.m. last night, I did go to Sid's office
Mickey : to beg to be let out of my contract.
Mickey : But I never went in, because I heard him on the phone.
Mickey : He was yelling at someone.
Beckett : Who was he yelling at?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know.
Mickey : But it had something to do with a deal
Mickey : that was going down around midnight.
Castle : Midnight? Did he say what the deal was?
UNK: No.
Mickey : But Sid told that person on the phone
UNK: they'd better stick to the agreement,
Mickey : or else.
Mickey : Can I call my real attorney?
Beckett : The bartender confirmed Mickey's alibi. He's not our killer.
Castle : Well, then we can assume Mickey was telling the truth
Castle : about the phone call he overheard Sid making.
Beckett : Yeah, but what kind of deal would Sid be making at midnight?
Ryan : Whatever it was, it went down in
Ryan : the middle of his time-of-death window.
Castle : So this deal could be connected to his death.
Castle : We need to figure out who Sid was talking on the phone with.
Esposito : Well, that's easier said than done, I just got Sid's phone dump.
UNK: That 9 : 00 p.m. phone call came from an untraceable burner phone.
Beckett : You know what? Why don't we a hold of Sid's associates,
Beckett : see if any of them know what this deal was?
Esposito : And I know exactly who to start with.
Esposito : Right after that mystery call,
Esposito : Sid phoned none other than Danny Valentine.
Esposito : If anyone knows about that deal, it's Valentine.
Valentine : Detective, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Tina : Look, buddy, I'm a cop and a model,
Tina : so I know when someone's lying to me.
Tina : And when their outfit is clashing.
Tina : Now, stand back. This could be dangerous.
Valentine : Don't worry.
Valentine : My experience writing crime novels has prepared me for danger.
Valentine : Plus, I have my vest.
Tina : Look out, bad guys, here we come!
UNK: Uh...
Tina : Model cop down. I broke a heel!
Liz : And scene! Great job, guys.
Beckett : Okay, well, I don't know whether we should be
Beckett : flattered or offended.
Castle : Who cares? Danny Valentine's playing me!
Liz : Well? What do you think?
Beckett : Um, about the sketch? It's cute.
Castle : Danny Valentine's playing me.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Speaking of Mr. Valentine, we need to talk to him.
UNK: Oh. Uh, Danny.
UNK: Ah-ha! The real police.
Valentine : Here to give us some pointers?
Castle : Mr. Valentine, Richard Castle, I'm a big fan...
Valentine : Yeah, what about you, Detective?
Valentine : Are you a fan?
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Valentine, we need to talk.