Castle : the deal in the alley to get her back
Castle : goes south.
Castle : At that point, why wouldn't you go to the police?
Castle : Why do you go back to your office?
Ryan : Well, I'll circle back with Sid's office, see what I can find out.
Esposito : Yo, unis just arrived with Evelyn's phone.
Beckett : This is Evelyn's cloud account.
Tech : It's synced to her cell phone.
Beckett : Map My Jog. That's a fitness app. Can you click on it?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Looks like it's been running this whole time.
Beckett : I've seen this app before.
Beckett : They use GPS to calculate a jogger's distance and pace,
Beckett : and most importantly, their route.
Esposito : Can you replay Evelyn's last path?
Esposito : That's her leaving her building.
Beckett : Okay, so she jogged to the park.
Esposito : Wait. Is this when she got kidnapped?
Beckett : It's gotta be. She's moving at 30 miles an hour.
Esposito : She had to have been in a vehicle.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Can you fast forward, so that we can see where she ended up?
Tech : So she was taken up to the Bronx.
Esposito : Okay, looks like she stopped at this building.
Beckett : Evelyn might still be in that building.
Beckett : What do we know about that place?
Esposito : I don't know, we'll find out. Okay.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, you find anything in Sid's office?
Ryan : Nah, just paperwork and spreadsheets.
Beckett : So, nothing that speaks to a possible kidnapping?
Ryan : Pretty straightforward stuff.
Ryan : But I'll bring it in so we can go through it with a fine-tooth comb.
UNK: Beckett, we got something.
Beckett : Okay, Ryan, I gotta go.
Esposito : That building where Evelyn
Esposito : was taken is an abandoned warehouse.
Esposito : It's the ideal location to hold someone hostage.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Swat Team Member : Go, go, go!
UNK: Swat Team Member : There. Over there.
UNK: Over here! Kick it!
Esposito : Evelyn, we're the police.
Esposito : You're safe now.
UNK: Evelyn Ross : Oh, God.
Mickey : I had just stopped to stretch,
Evelyn : and the next thing I knew, there was a rag over my mouth,
UNK: and, um, when I came to, I was in that warehouse.
UNK: At any point in time did you get a look at your kidnapper's face?
Evelyn : He always wore a mask.
Evelyn : It was like a ski mask, but shiny,
Evelyn : with a silver zigzag up the middle,
Evelyn : and a gold headband.
Evelyn : A gold headband. Are you sure about that?
Evelyn : I'm pretty sure that's what it was.
Beckett : And, uh, how about his clothes?
Beckett : Do you remember anything distinctive about them?
UNK: No.
Evelyn : But he wore a ring.
Evelyn : A red and silver signet ring, on his right hand.
Evelyn : I remember that.