Ryan : and that Sid screwed him out of all the profits.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're telling me that a drug kingpin bankrolled that comedy show?
Ryan : Yeah, I know, it sounds like one of their comedy sketches, right?
Beckett : So, a show that brought joy, laughter
Beckett : and Judge Booty to people everywhere
Beckett : may have been built on drug money?
Ryan : Yeah, but the lawsuit was thrown out,
Ryan : so while Sid was getting rich, Van Zant was rotting in prison.
Beckett : You know, maybe Van Zant was who Sid was talking about
Beckett : when he told his wife someone was after him.
Ryan : Makes sense, right?
Ryan : Van Zant felt that Sid owed him
UNK: a share of the profits from the show,
Ryan : maybe he came to collect.
Beckett : And when Sid didn't wanna go along,
Beckett : Van Zant opted for revenge instead.
Beckett : Where is Van Zant now?
Ryan : He's registered at a hotel up in Queens.
Esposito : Yo, I sent Van Zant's photo to security at SNT.
Esposito : Asked if anybody saw him last night.
Esposito : No one did.
UNK: However, 30 minutes ago, Van Zant
Esposito : entered the building on a day pass
Esposito : called in from someone at the show.
Ryan : Kurt Van Zant? You've got to be kidding me.
Beckett : Yeah, do you know him?
Vogel : No, but Sid told me all about him. He's dangerous.
Beckett : You're telling me he's here, in the studio?
Castle : Do you know who called in his pass?
Vogel : No, but I can find out. Follow me.
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Can I help you?
Tina : Oh, no, it's fine. You just have a very bizarre gait.
UNK: Um, I'm sorry, what?
Beckett : I'm sorry, what? Nailed it.
Beckett : Castle, please tell me I don't move like that. I mean, do I?
Castle : Is this a trick question?
UNK: What answer is not gonna have me sleeping on the couch tonight?
Vogel : Chad, find out who called in a day pass for a Kurt Van Zant.
Chad : You're looking at him, sir.
Beckett : Wait a minute. You called in the pass?
UNK: Why?
Chad : I was told to. By Mr. Valentine.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Danny Valentine? Danny Valentine?
UNK: Oh, I knew it. That smug, no-talent
Castle : playboy is up to his neck in this.
Valentine : Hey! Hey! Hey, help! Help! He's gonna kill me!
Valentine : Hey, help!
Beckett : - NYPD! - Help!
UNK: Help!
Castle : Let him go!
Valentine : What? No!
Beckett : Pull him in, Van Zant. Now.
UNK: Kurt Van Zant : Hey, lady, relax.
Beckett : Come on, let me see your hands.
UNK: Thanks. Guy's a psychopath!
Castle : Then why did you give him a pass to get on?
Valentine : He left a note at my hotel.
Valentine : He said he had information about Sid's murder.
Beckett : You're saying you don't know this man?
UNK: I never met him before today.
UNK: Listen, this whole thing is a big misunderstanding.
Beckett : I'm sure it is. Come on.
Castle : So what information did he have about Sid's murder?
UNK: Nothing! This was a shakedown.
UNK: He claimed Sid owed him money for Saturday Night Tonight.
Valentine : But since Sid didn't pay, he wanted me
Valentine : to sign over my shares of the show.
Castle : You own a piece of the show?
UNK: 5%.
UNK: Sid needed a celebrity "get" for the pilot,
Valentine : so he gave me a piece of the back end.
Valentine : It was the best deal of my life.
Castle : So, Van Zant wanted his cut,
Castle : but with Sid dead, his only option was to come after yours.
UNK: I refused. I said, "Hey, that's show business, baby."
Valentine : But that's when he started shoving me out the window.
UNK: Thirty-five years in Folsom.
Beckett : That's a long time to hold a grudge, Mr. Van Zant.
UNK: Van Zant : Lady, I didn't kill Sid.
Beckett : And yet, you were seen fleeing the alley where those shots were fired.
Beckett : It's not hard to imagine that you would
Beckett : follow Sid and finish off the job.
UNK: Van Zant : Look. You got this all wrong.
UNK: Van Zant : When I got paroled, I went straight to Sid.
UNK: Van Zant : We had it out, and he apologized.
Beckett : Except now he's dead.
UNK: Van Zant : Why would I move on him?
UNK: Van Zant : He agreed to give me a major chunk of change
UNK: Van Zant : of an upcoming sale of shares to some equity group.