UNK: Van Zant : Next thing I know, he's dead.
Ryan : I think he's telling the truth.
UNK: Security video outside of Sid's apartment
UNK: shows Van Zant waiting out front, in his car,
UNK: from 12 : 30 a.m. to 3 : 30 in the morning.
Beckett : That's on the other side of town from the studio.
Esposito : Yeah, Van Zant couldn't have done it.
Beckett : Okay, that dumpster that you searched. There was no duffel bag?
UNK: Van Zant : The guy in the mask must've taken it.
UNK: Which means that Sid must've been the guy who dropped it off.
UNK: This had to be the deal that Sid was talking about.
UNK: And that duffel bag was the payoff.
Ryan : Yeah, it sure was.
Ryan : I spoke with the business manager.
Ryan : He just discovered that on the day he was murdered,
Ryan : Sid made a huge bank withdrawal.
Beckett : How huge?
UNK: $4 million in non-sequential bills.
Ryan : Non-sequential bills?
Beckett : You guys, this was a ransom gone wrong.
Beckett : That's why Sid asked, "Where is she?"
Beckett : Some woman in his life was kidnapped.
Esposito : Yeah, but who?
UNK: That's what we gotta find out.
Beckett : 'Cause whoever took her might be our killer.
UNK: The cast and crew of Saturday Night Tonight
Beckett : are all at the studio, no one is missing.
Castle : So we've covered Sid's wife, his family, his friends, and now his job.
Castle : Everyone's accounted for.
UNK: Uh, actually, not everyone. Evelyn Ross, Sid's first wife.
Beckett : She's missing?
Ryan : Well, I followed up with Sid's son,
UNK: and he said that she hadn't returned any of his phone calls.
Ryan : So I spoke with her doorman.
UNK: He said Evelyn went on her usual 6 : 00 a.m. run two days ago,
Ryan : and he hasn't seen her since. She's gotta be our kidnap victim.
Esposito : Yes, and I was able to ping her cell phone.
Ryan : Yes, and. I wasn't doing that.
Ryan : No, you did it just now.
Esposito : Anyway, uniforms found the phone
UNK: dumped in a trash can near a bodega in the Bronx.
Esposito : Probably tossed there by her kidnapper.
UNK: Something's not right here.
Castle : Starting with our victim's behavior.
Castle : You're Sid, your ex-wife gets kidnapped,