UNK: Fake Monica : I spent three years in Amsterdam.
Monica : Pennsylvania Dutch.
Teacher : And we're dancing. Five, six, seven, eight.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: -Hey. Where have you been? -I just got back from the vet.
Chandler : She's not gonna make you wear a big plastic cone?
Ross : She says Marcel's humping is not a phase.
Ross : Apparently, he's reached sexual maturity.
UNK: Hey, he beat you.
Ross : She says, as time goes on, he's gonna start getting violent.
Chandler : So, what does this mean?
UNK: I have to give him up.
UNK: I can't believe it. This sucks.
Chandler : You just got him. How could he be an adult already?
UNK: I know. One day he's this little thing...
UNK: ...and then he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
UNK: Isn't there any way to keep him?
UNK: No. The vet said unless he's in a place...
Ross : ...where he has regular access...
UNK: ...to some monkey loving...
Ross : ... he's just gonna get vicious.
UNK: I just gotta get him into a zoo.
Joey : -How do you get a monkey into a zoo? -I know.
UNK: No, that's popes into a Vokswagen.
UNK: We're applying to a lot. Our first choice would be a big state zoo.
UNK: You know, like San Diego. Right?
UNK: But that may just be a pipe dream. He's out-of-state.
Ross : My vet knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
UNK: But that's two blocks from the beach. It's a total party zoo.
Phoebe : We found the girl.
Joey : -Did you call the cops? -We took her to lunch.
UNK: Oh, your own brand of vigilante justice.
Ross : Are you insane? This woman stole from you.
Ross : She stole. She's a stealer.
Monica : After you're with this woman for 10 minutes, you forget that.
UNK: I mean, she's this astounding person with this amazing spirit.
Ross : Which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
Chandler : -Take off their hats. -Popes in a Vokswagen.
Phoebe : I love that joke.
Rachel : -No way. No way did you do this. -Monana was very brave.
Monica : We told them we were the Gundersons in room 61 5...
Monica : ...only to find out the Boston Celtics had the entire floor.
UNK: When they saw that we're short and have breasts....
Monica : They threw us out. I was thrown out of a hotel. Me.
Rachel : Go, Monana.
Rachel : You ladies are not the only ones living the dream.
Rachel : I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
UNK: Fake Monica : Oh, by the way...
UNK: Fake Monica : ...tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
UNK: -Excuse me? -There's an open call for Cats.
UNK: I'm thinking we sing "Memories"...
UNK: Fake Monica : ...and make complete fools of ourselves. What do you say?
UNK: No, no, no. Remember who you're dealing with here.
Monica : I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
UNK: That's because of your Amish background.
UNK: -What? -You're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Monica : Right. Till I bought a blow dryer. Then I was shunned.
UNK: I was just like you. And then, one day, I saw a movie that changed my life.
UNK: Fake Monica : Did you ever see Dead Poets Society?
UNK: Fake Monica : I thought that movie was so incredibly boring.
UNK: Fake Monica : That thing at the end where the kid...
UNK: Fake Monica : ...kills himself because he can't be in the play?
UNK: It's like, "Kid, wait a year. Leave home, do some community theater."
UNK: I thought, "That's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back."
UNK: That scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Monica : Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Ross : Oh, God.
Ross : We didn't get into Scranton.
Ross : That was, like, our safety zoo.
Ross : They take, like, dogs and cows.
Ross : See, I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Phoebe : I'd say that chair's taking the brunt of it.
Ross : Marcel. Marcel. Marcel, no.
Ross : Good boy. See? How can nobody want him?
Rachel : Somebody will.
Joey : You know, there already is a Joseph Stalin.
UNK: Fake Monica : You're kidding.
Joey : Apparently, he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered people.
Joey : -You'd think you would've known that. -You'd think I would've.
UNK: Hey, how about Joey Heatherton?
UNK: Come on, I told you I don't wanna go back to Joey.
UNK: What do you think a good stage name for me would be?
Phoebe : Flame Boy.
Ross : Where exactly is your zoo?
UNK: Dr. Baldhara : Well, it's technically not a zoo, per se.