Burke : Bring out the plastic.
Cristina : Plastic? We're not going to close?
Bailey : We're going to keep her open, cover her with plastic, and get her to the ICU.
Alex : - And then what? - Then we'll see if she survives.
Meredith : OK. We'll take care of you, all right?
UNK: How the hell do you let a patient get that far off your watch?
Meredith : - I turned my back for a second. - He was in the damned gallery!
Meredith : - He's a surgical intern... - I don't care if he's surgeon general.
Derek : In this hospital, he's a patient with a head injury who needs a CT.
Derek : In this hospital, he's a scared guy who does not need to see
Derek : the massive internal injuries of the woman he rammed with his car!
Derek : This is your fault. You had him and you lost him!
Derek : You got to take responsibility for your actions for once in your life!
Meredith : Derek!
Bailey : We've given her medications to help her blood clot
Bailey : and to help counteract the acid buildup.
Bailey : We're slowly raising her body temperature with warming blankets,
Bailey : warmed IV fluids, and blood products.
Jim : How long is she going to have to be like that?
UNK: You know, with... Open like that?
Addison : We want her to regain as much strength as possible before we operate again.
Addison : But at the same time, we want to repair the damage as soon as possible.
Addison : So it's a balancing act.
Millie : I'm sorry. I don't quite know what you mean.
Bailey : Melanie will die if we don't get her back to surgery soon enough.
Bailey : And Melanie will die if we take her back to surgery too soon.
Addison : A balancing act.
Addison : A balancing act.
Bailey : Uh, Yang, call me if she starts actively bleeding.
Meredith : OK.
Addison : Karev. Where are you going?
Alex : What? She's in ICU. There's nothing I can do.
UNK: You can sit and watch that fetal monitor.
Alex : You can't be serious. She's circling the drain.
Addison : You know how long a baby can survive inside its dead mother? Five minutes.
Addison : Minutes not seconds, Karev.
Addison : Look at Melanie. Look at her.
UNK: Now look around. All the doctors and nurses, even her parents.
UNK: Their sole job is to care of Melanie. My job is to care for that baby.
UNK: I have a surgery scheduled, so when I step foot on that elevator and leave,
Addison : you are going to be the only person on this entire floor
Addison : responsible for that baby.
Addison : Do not let me down, Karev.
Izzie : Her organs are bleeding, damaged, exposed, and covered in plastic wrap.
Meredith : Poor Marshall. I mean, one minute you're a surgeon,
Meredith : the next you've destroyed an entire family.
Izzie : Last month, I fell asleep in the parking lot.
Izzie : On a bench. I couldn't even make it to the car.
Meredith : I fell asleep at a restaurant. At a table while I was on a date.
UNK: - I fell asleep during sex. - Izzie.
George : Hey, Callie's looking for you. You blew off her surgery.
UNK: No. I... I had a patient. Denny. I... I had to go.
George : - You were hanging out with Denny? - Oh, please.
UNK: Do not talk to me about standards. She can't even wash her hands.
Cristina : Don't worry about Bambi.
UNK: If Burke forgave me for sleeping during sex, George can forgive you for crying.
Meredith : But Burke hasn't forgiven you.
George : I found Izzie. She said she had a patient.
Callie : - I knew you'd take her side. - What?
Callie : He needs an IV.
Meredith : Are you...
Noah : She's mad at you.