Aubrey : I'm just putting Cole's affairs in order.
Aubrey : I'm busy. Do you need something?
Beckett : Ms. Haskins, you should know that
Beckett : Cole Whitfield's blood work came in
Beckett : showing high levels of sedatives.
Castle : So high, in fact, he wouldn't have been able to hang himself.
Beckett : We re-checked his phone records
Beckett : and noticed that you called his house on numerous occasions.
Aubrey : Of course I did. I'm general counsel for Cole's company.
UNK: Yeah, but most of these phone calls
Beckett : came in after Cole was already at work.
Aubrey : Eva consulted with me as well.
UNK: That's how you found out her marriage was falling apart.
Castle : And about her prenup.
Castle : So you whispered in her ear,
Castle : told her how she could punish Cole
UNK: and make a little walking-away money in the process.
UNK: Really?
Aubrey : And why would I do that?
Castle : You know, we were surprised to learn
Beckett : that Cole's first wife, Mallory,
Beckett : was a sorority sister of yours in college.
Beckett : And you were devastated by her death.
Aubrey : We all were.
Beckett : Yeah, but you were the one that told
Beckett : friends that he got away with murder.
Beckett : So why, after all of these years,
Beckett : would you leave a top-level law firm
Beckett : to join Cole's company?
Castle : Here's a theory.
Castle : You took the job to insinuate yourself into Cole's life,
Castle : searching for the right way,
Castle : the right moment to get revenge for Mallory.
Castle : And you found it with Eva.
Aubrey : That's absurd.
Castle : Is it? Eva called your cell phone
Beckett : from the corporate apartment landline
Beckett : after she was already supposedly dead.
Castle : Eva got cold feet. She wanted to come forward.
Castle : But you couldn't have that. Not after
Castle : all those years, after all that planning.
Castle : So you decided that Eva's fake murder
Castle : would have to become a real one.
Castle : And killing Cole was just
Castle : a way of tying up loose ends.
UNK: Wow.
Aubrey : That's an exciting story, Mr. Castle.
Aubrey : Maybe it will make a great book.
Aubrey : But it doesn't make for much of a case.
Beckett : We got a warrant.
Beckett : We found Eva's blood and DNA in the trunk of your car.
Beckett : It's over, Ms. Haskins.
Castle : I doubt it.
Neely : Well, we'll take it from here. Again, thanks for everything.
Castle : She wanted justice for one murder
Beckett : and ended up committing two of her own.
Castle : Well, she was right about one thing.
Castle : This does have all the makings for one of my novels.
Castle : I just don't want to be the one to write it.
Beckett : Come on, let's go home.
Ryan : Hey, listen, Javi,
UNK: um, about that fake Match.com profile.
UNK: Yeah. I'm really sorry.
UNK: Yeah, I know you are, bro.
Esposito : In fact, you're so sorry that you're gonna
Esposito : handle all the paperwork for this case.
Ryan : Yeah, that's only fair.
UNK: Cool, 'cause I got a date.
UNK: Wait! Whoa, whoa, whoa! With Stacy?
UNK: Nah, nah, I wasn't feeling her.
UNK: But I logged on to my account, and I found that
Esposito : there was this lovely girl named Trixie who wanted to meet me.
UNK: Trixie.
UNK: Uh, the spoken word poet/exotic dancer?
Esposito : Yeah. Best of both worlds.
UNK: Um, Javi, see, Jenny and I, we purposely rejected her profile.
Ryan : We didn't want the possibility of her going on
Ryan : a weekend couples' ski retreat with us.
Esposito : Yeah, well, sucks for you.
Esposito : 'Cause she'll be there.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : To closing the case.
Beckett : You doing okay?
Castle : I got played. And now two people are dead.
Beckett : That wasn't your fault. And because of you,
Beckett : two victims have justice.
UNK: Still,
Castle : maybe being a private investigator...
UNK: There's too much, I don't know,
UNK: ambiguity.
Beckett : Look, you let the case get under your skin, you know?
Beckett : That happens.
UNK: Or maybe I'm just not cut out for this.
Beckett : You know, you put a lot into becoming a PI.
Beckett : Don't make any hasty decisions.
Beckett : Maybe you should just sleep on it.
Castle : You're probably right.
Castle : I should sleep on it.
Castle : Or perhaps I should nap on it.
Beckett : Ah. Naps are good. I highly advocate naps.
UNK: Mmm. Ooh. Ooh.
UNK: What's, uh... Oh...
UNK: Mmm.