Castle : I just never thought the story would end like this.
Beckett : Yeah, I bet Cole didn't either.
Castle : Yeah, but suicide? What did the ME say?
Beckett : That it looks like he wrapped the cord around his neck
Beckett : and stepped off the balcony.
Beckett : Look, I'm sorry.
Beckett : I know that this isn't how you wanted it to end.
UNK: Beckett?
Castle : Beckett, are you still awake?
UNK: No.
Castle : Good. Something's bothering me.
Beckett : Yeah? Something's bothering me, too.
Castle : Why would a guy like Cole commit suicide?
Beckett : Because a guy like Cole didn't think he could face going to prison.
Castle : As wealthy and connected as he was?
UNK: Would he even have gone to prison?
Castle : The case against him was circumstantial.
Castle : He could have beaten it in court.
Beckett : Well, evidently, he didn't think so.
Castle : It's too clean.
Beckett : Castle, stop chasing the mice in your head.
UNK: What if they're leading me to the truth?
Beckett : Then we'll deal with it in the morning. Mmm.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Hey, I brought you some coffee on my way to...
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : You definitely don't need any more coffee. Hey.
Cole : What is this?
UNK: Uh, timeline. Eva is red, Cole is green, and Taylor is blue.
Beckett : A timeline for a case that's closed?
Castle : Not yet. Cole didn't kill himself.
Beckett : Based on what?
Castle : Based on his personality.
Castle : Cole is cocky, he's entitled,
UNK: and he's far too much of a narcissist to commit suicide.
Castle : So, if he didn't kill himself, that means he was murdered.
UNK: Castle, that's a pretty big "if."
Castle : It changes everything.
Castle : Because if Cole didn't kill himself,
Castle : it follows that he didn't murder Eva.
Castle : Someone else did.
Castle : That's why it was staged to look like a suicide.
Castle : So the police would conclude that he was the guilty party.
Beckett : Then whoever killed Cole also killed Eva.
Beckett : And who would that be?
Castle : The man I saw attacking her.
Castle : Whoever hit me in the woods.
Beckett : Who you said was Cole.
Castle : He wanted me to believe he was Cole. It was just all theater.
Beckett : Okay, Castle, let's say for a second
Beckett : that someone snuck into the house
Beckett : disguised as Cole and attacked Eva.
Beckett : How could they possibly know that
UNK: you were gonna be there to witness it?
Castle : Well, he had to have been in on it with Eva.
UNK: If Eva is a part of the setup, then why is she in the morgue?
UNK: Because, in classic Hitchcock fashion,
Castle : her co-conspirator double-crossed her.
UNK: "The Articles of Incorporation for Whitfield and Galloway."
Beckett : Cole's company?
Castle : It took me two boxes of Cronuts to get
Castle : that out of the County Clerk's office.
Castle : See, Cole and his partner Scott Galloway
Castle : were in business together.
Castle : But in that document, it says if anything happens to one of them,
Castle : the other one gains control of the company.
Beckett : You're suggesting that Scott Galloway was Eva's co-conspirator.
Castle : I listened to the recording I made of their lunch.
Scott : This could be a serious payday.
UNK: Please, it's chump change, Scott.
UNK: Now, don't be glib, Cole.
Castle : They were getting a major offer to buy out their firm,
Castle : an offer that Cole was against.
Castle : So I did a credit check on Scott Galloway.
Castle : He was in massive debt.
Castle : A buyout would've fixed all that.
Castle : But in order for that to happen,
Castle : he needed control of the company.
Castle : Eva wanted out of her marriage and she wanted Cole punished.
Castle : So they teamed up to take Cole out of the picture.
UNK: Castle, there is no evidence that supports this.
Castle : It was Scott Galloway. It has to be.
UNK: Beckett, would you please just check Scott's alibi?
Castle : Would you do that for me?
Beckett : I will. But listen to me.
Beckett : Eva was your friend.
Beckett : She came here, to this very office, and asked for your help.
Beckett : And now she's dead and you feel responsible.
Beckett : And that can make you see ghosts.
Ryan : Wait. We're looking into Scott Galloway now? Why?
Esposito : I thought everything pointed to
UNK: Cole Whitfield being our killer?
Beckett : It does.
Ryan : You believe this theory of Castle's?
Beckett : I believe that he's been right too many times not to consider it.