Cole : She figured out I'm having an affair and she left me.
Castle : She left him? I can't believe this guy. He forged that note.
Cole : I can't even get in touch with her.
Cole : I tried calling her, and I tried calling her,
Cole : the phone just goes straight to voicemail.
Beckett : Do you drive a black Model S?
Cole : No, that's...
UNK: No, that's, uh, Eva's car.
Cole : Has something happened to Eva?
Neely : We're not quite sure.
Neely : But you're saying you only got home 20 minutes ago?
UNK: Yeah, right, uh, around 9 : 30.
Castle : And where were you at 7 : 45 tonight?
UNK: I was, um... I was still in the city. I was at work.
UNK: You know what? I think I need a refill. Excuse me.
Castle : He's lying. He's lying about everything.
Neely : If you're right, there should be blood evidence in the kitchen.
Castle : It was here. It happened right here. He must have cleaned it up.
Castle : Why else would he invite us so freely into his house?
Neely : If he did, he did a hell of a good job of it. UV shows no sign of residue.
UNK: Castle...
Castle : Kate, I know what I saw.
Castle : There! There! See? I knew it!
Cole : Knew what? What is going on?
Neely : Sir, there's blood residue here.
Beckett : Mr. Whitfield, do you know where this came from?
UNK: Yes.
Cole : My wife is a klutz.
UNK: She broke a jar and cut her hand cleaning it up.
Cole : Bled everywhere until she finally bandaged it.
UNK: Why? Why are you looking for blood residue?
UNK: Are you suggesting that I did something to my wife?
Castle : No, we're not suggesting, Mr. Whitfield.
Cole : Get out. Get out of my house.
Cole : Get out, now!
Beckett : Hey, how long have you been up?
Castle : He probably came home, saw that Eva was about to leave him,
Castle : and killed her in a fit of rage.
Castle : I told her everything was gonna be all right.
Castle : I promised her.
Beckett : I'm sorry, babe.
Castle : Have you heard from Detective Neely?
Beckett : She said that search teams didn't find anything in the woods.
Castle : Yeah. That's because Cole knew he couldn't leave her out there,
UNK: not once I was onto him.
Castle : So he put her back in the car,
Castle : dumped it and the body someplace else.
UNK: Westchester has got a BOLO out on Eva's car.
Beckett : And they've flagged her credit cards.
Castle : Have they pinged her cell phone?
Beckett : They tried. But it's either off or dead.
UNK: Yeah, I wanna go with dead.
Castle : What about his alibi?
Beckett : Well, he wasn't at work like he said.
Beckett : His business partner said that he left at 6 : 00 p.m., not at 8 : 00.
UNK: Plenty of time to get back to Westchester by 7 : 45.
Beckett : But when Detective Neely confronted
Beckett : him about it, he revised his story.
UNK: He said that he was with his mistress,
Beckett : Taylor McKinley, that woman that you took pictures of,
UNK: until 8 : 00 p.m.
Castle : We need to talk to her.
Beckett : Castle, I don't have any jurisdiction. This isn't my case.
Castle : Yes, but it's my case.
Castle : Eva hired me.
Castle : She was my friend,
Castle : and he killed her right in front of me.
UNK: Okay. I'll talk to the mistress.
Beckett : But just me.
Beckett : Not you. You're too close to this. Okay?
UNK: Taylor Mckinley : So? We had an affair and his wife left.
UNK: Taylor Mckinley : What's the big deal? That stuff happens every day.
Beckett : Except wives don't go missing every day.
Taylor : It's a little soon to say she's missing, isn't it?
Taylor : I'm sure she'll be back.
UNK: Um, Ms. McKinley, how long have you known Mr. Whitfield?
Taylor : Since he started my yoga class a year ago.
Beckett : And when did the affair begin?
Taylor : About a week later.
UNK: What?
Taylor : He's hot. And rich.
Beckett : What time did he come to your apartment last night?
Taylor : Like I told the other detective,
UNK: he showed up right around 6 : 00, and he left just after 8 : 00.
Beckett : So, the two of you were in the apartment the whole time?
UNK: Yep.
UNK: Well? What did you think?
UNK: She was confrontational, and a little too ready with her answers.
Esposito : You think she's lying?
Beckett : Go down to her building,
Beckett : see if anyone else saw Cole Whitfield there last night.
Beckett : And let's look into Mr. Whitfield,
UNK: find out what else he's hiding from us.
UNK: Yep.