Lanie : It looks like a massive skull fracture in the parietal region.
Lanie : But she just came in, so I've only done a preliminary exam.
UNK: Once I've finished my autopsy, I'll give you a call.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Castle, I'm sorry about your friend.
Castle : Yeah, me, too.
Beckett : Now that we have a body, maybe that will give us some leverage.
Ryan : Taylor, we need to talk.
Taylor : My lawyer said not to speak with you.
Esposito : Fine, then just listen.
Ryan : I don't know what Cole told you, but his wife is dead.
Ryan : Her body was found less than two hours ago.
Castle : Oh, my God.
Esposito : Listen, Taylor, if you want to stay out of prison,
Esposito : now's the time to tell us the truth.
Beckett : Ms. Haskins, welcome back.
Beckett : You seem to be representing everyone in this matter.
Aubrey : Before we begin,
Neely : Mr. Whitfield is here only because
Aubrey : you said you have information on his wife's whereabouts.
Beckett : Cole, you said that you spoke with Eva this morning.
Beckett : What did she say?
Cole : She said it was over and that she was leaving town.
Aubrey : Detective, did you find Mrs. Whitfield or not?
Beckett : Oh, we found her.
Beckett : In the Hudson. Murdered by you.
Cole : That's a lie.
Beckett : Taylor gave you up.
Beckett : She said that you weren't with her last night.
Aubrey : You spoke to my client without me?
Beckett : She waived her right.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield, if you weren't with Taylor
Beckett : last night, then where were you?
Aubrey : Don't answer that.
Aubrey : Are you pressing charges?
Beckett : Inevitably, yeah.
Aubrey : Cole, let's go.
UNK: Hey. Hey!
Castle : I know you did it.
Aubrey : Do not speak to my client.
Castle : You killed her. I saw you.
Beckett : Castle. Castle, hey.
Aubrey : Detective, what the hell kind of precinct is this?
UNK: Just take your client and go home.
Beckett : We'll be coming back for you soon enough.
Aubrey : Let's go.
Beckett : Castle, what was that?
Castle : I know, I know. I'm sorry.
Beckett : Castle, you're stressed. Go home and try to relax.
Castle : I'll be fine. I know you will.
Beckett : But right now, you just need to walk away.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, you're right.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Lanie, what do you got?
Lanie : During the autopsy, I discovered
Cole : that Eva's fingernail on her left index
Lanie : had been split down the middle.
Lanie : Wedged in that crack were these three hairs.
Beckett : These hairs must have gotten transferred during the struggle.
Lanie : Most likely.
UNK: Lanie, how fast can you test these?
Beckett : Cole's DNA is still on file
Beckett : from when he was suspected of murdering his first wife.
Lanie : I already ran them, and they're a match.
Lanie : Cole Whitfield is your man.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield!
UNK: Officer Kemp : Mr. Whitfield, we have a warrant for your arrest!
Neely : No answer. Not at the front or the back.
UNK: His SUV is in the driveway.
UNK: Officer Kemp : Should we take the door?
Beckett : There's no need.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield?
Neely : Show yourself.
UNK: Let's not make this harder than it has to be.