UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Hey, partner, how'd the date go?
Esposito : Can we talk about it out here?
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What did you think of Stacy?
Esposito : Oh, man, she was great.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Until I started getting a stalker vibe from her.
UNK: What? Yeah.
Esposito : We were right in the middle of appetizers,
Esposito : and that's when she told me that
Esposito : the blue shorts I was wearing during the triathlon
Esposito : made my legs look sexy.
Esposito : Which is true, but... Right.
Esposito : ...how did she even know I competed,
Esposito : never mind what color shorts I was wearing?
Esposito : And that's when she told me that she saw the photo on my profile.
Esposito : Oh. This is funny to you?
Esposito : You signed me up for Match.com behind my back?
UNK: Well, technically Jenny did. I've only been managing your profile.
Esposito : Did you think I wouldn't find out? I almost arrested that girl.
UNK: Well, we were hoping that you'd be
Ryan : so into her that you'd just let it go.
Esposito : What the hell is wrong with you? I can find my own dates.
Ryan : I know. But you haven't.
Ryan : And the ski weekend is coming up. So, look, look, look,
Ryan : we were just trying to help.
Esposito : I don't need your help.
Esposito : This isn't over.
UNK: Nah.
UNK: The manager at the yoga studio
UNK: verified that Taylor was at work from 9 : 30 till 11 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Then the manager's lying.
Beckett : Castle, she had a classroom full of 30 people.
Beckett : She didn't make that call.
Beckett : But whoever did made sure to do it right by Taylor's building.
Castle : Which means someone wants us to believe it was Taylor.
Beckett : And we would've if she didn't get called into work.
Beckett : Called into work?
Scott : Of course!
Castle : Taylor getting called into work
Castle : is the one thing the person behind this couldn't have foreseen.
Beckett : That person being Cole.
UNK: No.
UNK: No? No.
Castle : Beckett, the murder was staged.
Castle : This whole thing, it's a work of fiction.
Castle : It's a Hitchcock movie with me cast as the witness.
Castle : I'm Jimmy Stewart in Vertigo.
Castle : The reason we haven't found a body is because there is no body.
Castle : Eva's still alive!
UNK: Eva is alive? Castle, that's not
Beckett : what you believed a moment ago.
Castle : Didn't hit me until just now.
Castle : Eva is the one person who would want Cole to look like a murderer,
Castle : and his mistress an accomplice.
UNK: Wait. You saw Cole kill Eva. I mean, you did, didn't you?
Castle : I saw what she wanted me to see.
UNK: That's why she wanted me to drop off the photos that night.
Castle : Eva's been behind this from the start.
Castle : And I'm the gullible PI that fell for it.
Beckett : Why would she go to that length?
Castle : Because Eva wanted more than just out of the marriage.
Castle : She wanted Cole to suffer.
Castle : She set him up.
Castle : He swore that she called him because she did call him.
Castle : She also transferred the $7.4 million
Castle : to the Swiss bank account.
UNK: It's her walking-away money.
UNK: I'm telling you, Beckett, I am right about this.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: When?
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Beckett : Castle, I'm sorry, but...
UNK: No, Beckett. I know it sounds crazy, but Eva is still alive.
Beckett : No, she's not.
Beckett : They found her body in the Hudson. Eva's dead.
UNK: There is no way Eva is really dead.
Castle : In a classic Hitchcockian twist,
Castle : it won't be her body. Mark my words.
Beckett : Then who did we pull out of the river?
UNK: Someone who can pass for Eva.
Beckett : Okay, we'll run her prints.
Beckett : That should clear up whether it's Eva or not.
Castle : Except her prints will be altered. Her face, unrecognizable.
Castle : All part of Eva's plan to commit the perfect crime.
Castle : You'll see.
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : She looks just like Eva.
Lanie : That's because it is Eva.
Lanie : Her prints match. This is your girl.
Castle : No, it can't be.
Lanie : I checked her dental records, too, Castle. It's her.
Lanie : I wish I could tell you it wasn't.
UNK: I take it that the cause of death is blunt force trauma?