Meredith : Are you going to give me an inspirational speech too?
MVO : No.
Cristina : - George. - I can't talk. I have a patient.
Izzie : This is about Meredith. What are we going to do?
George : There's nothing to do.
George : What?
UNK: I'm not gonna be here in a week.
Izzie : Your transferring to another hospital means we're not going to be friends?
Izzie : Why are you doing this, George?
UNK: Didn't you hear a word Bailey said?
UNK: What were we to do? Carry him down the mountain?
Andy : He was our friend and we left him there.
Jack : If we hadn't, we'd be dead too. You know that.
Andy : Dale was right.
UNK: You don't... You don't do that.
Andy : You don't... climb all the way up there together just to leave a man behind.
Addison : - I am being stalked by pregnant women. - You're an obstetrician.
UNK: And barren! Apparently, as a healthy, successful woman in her 30s,
Addison : I don't deserve to have a baby.
Addison : Maybe I'd have a fighting chance if I were gay
Addison : or a teenager or a member of the AARP.
Callie : Oh... That sucks. It really...
Addison : No. Oh, no. Not you too.
UNK: Oh, no, no, I'm just thinking about it. That's all.
Izzie : Oh.
Callie : Oh, I don't know.
UNK: I don't even know. It's just with George going to Mercy West next year...
Addison : - He is? - Yeah, they have a spot for him.
Callie : We need a fresh start. We need to get away from all this crap.
Callie : It might be a good time.
Addison : It's a great time.
Addison : Don't let me and my fossilized eggs discourage you.
Callie : Gonna be friends still if I get pregnant?
Addison : Absolutely not.
UNK: Hi, chief?
UNK: O'Malley. Finally come to see me about that letter from Mercy West.
George : No, sir. I'm here about Meredith.
Cristina : I have to say, I don't get it.
Cristina : Why would anybody waste their time freezing,
Cristina : climbing up the side of a glacier?
Burke : It's a way to test yourself. Your strength and endurance.
Burke : You put yourself through a situation like that and you know who you are.
Burke : What you're made of.
UNK: - Have you done it before, Dr. Burke? - No. You?
Callie : I used to, all the time, in college.
Derek : - Really? - Really?
Callie : Yeah. It's intense.
Callie : It's painful and hellish and you think your lungs are shredding,
UNK: but, man, when you get to the top, there's nothing like it.
UNK: Makes the whole climb worth it.
Callie : How's it going?
UNK: - Worse. There's nothing here. - We're going to amputate both?
Izzie : You can't amputate both of his hands.
Mark : I don't want to take the man's hands. Once the infection gets that deep,
Mark : the only way to save his life is to make the cut.
UNK: The laminotomy happens at what level, Dr. O'Malley?
George : The level of maximal neural compressions
George : between the pedicles of the fractured vertebrae.
UNK: Very good. You must've aced your exam today.
UNK: I don't know about "aced. "
Derek : How did Meredith do?
UNK: Yeah, well, she was kind of... Don't worry, though, I talked to the chief.
Derek : About what?
George : She didn't tell you?
UNK: Here's the thing. Seattle Police Department's been on this for weeks.
Alex : They've been in contact with Missing Persons from all 50 states,