Bailey : The toughest, most competitive, most respected.
UNK: - You want to leave this for Mercy West? - Mercy West...
UNK: Is not Seattle Grace. Are you trying...?
UNK: After the work that we put into you, are you trying to throw your career away?
George : I'm trying to do what's best for me right now.
George : I've had some personal issues.
UNK: Don't know your personal problems, don't care. I do care about your career.
UNK: Let me make myself clear : This is a mistake.
Cristina : George.
George : It's like we're on a train that's going 200 miles an hour
George : and it would be so nice to get off. Just...
George : ...stand on the platform just for a minute.
Meredith : Looks like I'm off the train.
UNK: Parents die. When a parent dies, it doesn't make any sense.
George : So you make...
George : ...a lot of really terrible decisions...
George : ...that you're gonna end up having to live with for a long time.
Meredith : You should go. You are still on the train.
UNK: It's OK. You have to go.
Izzie : Go.
Meredith : Go, go, go.
Joe : Addison.
UNK: Adele? What are you doing here? What happened?
UNK: A fender-bender. I'm fine. I told the ER resident I'm fine, but...
UNK: I'll page Richard, let him know you're here.
Adele : Oh, you will do no such thing, Addison. Richard cannot know I'm here.
Adele : We're separated. My life is none of his business.
Adele : I'm serious.
Cristina : OK.
Addison : All right. Well, let's get you checked out.
UNK: Do you have any, um... any pain? Any...
Addison : Anything?
UNK: Well... There's one thing I should probably mention.
Adele : I'm pregnant.
Addison : The baby looks fine on the ultrasound, but you are spotting a little.
Addison : It's nothing severe, but I would like to hold you overnight for observation.
Adele : - Overnight? Oh, no. I'm sorry. - For just a couple of hours, at least.
Addison : Look, it could be nothing, but a pregnancy at your age is...
Adele : Terrifying? Embarrassing?
Addison : I was going to say a miracle.
Adele : I resigned myself to the fact, a long time ago, that I would never have kids,
Adele : and here I am, 52,
Adele : about to be divorced, and pregnant.
UNK: May I ask who the father is?
Adele : You may ask.
Addison : Look, all I'm saying is that if Richard finds out
Addison : that you're walking around this hospital carrying another man's baby...
Adele : Richard is not going to find out,
Adele : because neither one of us are going to tell him.
George : Chief.
Richard : Addison, I just heard the news.
Addison : You heard?
UNK: Who told you? What did you hear?
Richard : That Joe and Walter are adopting.
Richard : Is the birth mom here?
UNK: Oh, no, no! No, no. Chief, you don't want to go in there.
Addison : It's a young girl.
UNK: And the stirrups, you know.
Addison : Her equipment exposed.
Addison : You don't want to see that.
UNK: No, I don't want to see that.