Alex : - Canada, the FBI. - Alex.
Alex : Know how many people are trying to find you? You do know.
UNK: You know how many relatives you have, if your parents are dead or alive,
UNK: if you've got a sister who cries 'cause she has no idea what happened to you.
Cristina : - Stop. - What's it like for your husband?
UNK: He didn't come looking for me, OK?
UNK: Jane Doe : He obviously doesn't want to find me.
UNK: Jane Doe : - It's my life. - No. Not just yours.
Alex : What about your daughter? I'm not going to lie for you.
UNK: - If you won't tell anybody, I will. - What are you going to say?
UNK: Jane Doe : You don't know my real name. You don't know anything about me.
UNK: It will be my word against yours.
Alex : You're right. I have absolutely no idea who you are.
Izzie : You paged me?
UNK: Yeah. I think I figured out a way to help Meredith,
George : but I've got Shepherd's post-op and I can't do it without your help.
George : And I won't leave the program without knowing that she's still in it.
Izzie : You're not leaving the program.
Izzie : Listen, we made a mistake.
UNK: We had sex. But that's all it was.
Izzie : We both wanted it to mean something
UNK: because... you didn't want to feel like that guy that cheats on his wife.
UNK: I didn't want to feel like that girl that put you in that position.
Izzie : But the truth is, it didn't mean anything.
Izzie : I know you think I have feelings for you, but I don't.
Izzie : So you can stay. You're not leaving the program.
UNK: Nice work today, Torres. Three surgeries at the same time.
Callie : Performed four osteosyntheses, amputated two hands
Callie : and stabilized one spine in two hours.
Mark : Impressive. Looks like Bailey's not a shoo-in for chief resident after all.
Bailey : You're in the running for chief resident too?
Cristina : Yeah.
Callie : Why wouldn't I be?
UNK: No, it makes sense.
UNK: I just hadn't thought about it. That's all.
Callie : I'm good at what I do, Bailey. I'm focused, I'm disciplined.
Callie : I'm more than qualified to be chief resident.
Cristina : Right.
Callie : We all know that you're the chief's favorite, but...
Callie : ...doesn't mean I can't take a shot.
Izzie : Here she is.
Richard : Thank you, Stevens, you can go now.
UNK: - We'll be right outside. - You don't have to.
Izzie : Shut up.
Meredith : If you called me here to lecture me...
Richard : There's a copy of the interns exam on the table.
UNK: Some number two pencils, a bottle of water and a sandwich, if you get hungry.
Richard : I'll send a proctor in and I'll come back in a few hours and check on you.
Meredith : You are not my father.
Izzie : I know that.
Derek : I know.
UNK: Well, at least test day's almost over.
Cristina : Speak for yourself. I'm getting married tomorrow.
Addison : Hey.
Addison : Hey. This is what you invited me to? This is your big bachelor party?
UNK: It was last minute. I needed warm bodies.
Mark : Which would explain why I'm here.
UNK: Why am I the only girl? What, am I the entertainment? I am not stripping.