Ryan : but then we traced the deposits.
Esposito : All from businesses owned or affiliated to Tommy Valentino.
UNK: Tommy "The Shark" Valentino?
UNK: Why's an IRS agent taking payoffs from a crime boss?
Esposito : I don't know, but wanting to disappear
UNK: and then getting whacked in an alley, it's all starting to make sense.
Alexis : It's been two hours. What's he doing in there?
UNK: Getting rid of evidence.
UNK: Blood stains, trace DNA.
UNK: Pretty soon there's going to be nothing left.
Alexis : Oh! Here he comes! Here he comes!
Alexis : What's in the bags?
Gavin : He took the body out in the rug.
Castle : That could be clothing, bedding.
Castle : That's her purse!
Alexis : If they broke up, no way she left without her purse.
Castle : She did not leave that apartment, at least not alive.
Castle : And now he's obliterating her identity!
Alexis : - We need to call Beckett. - And tell her what?
Castle : That we saw a man donning gloves and a respirator?
Castle : For all we know, he was cleaning the bathroom. No.
UNK: If I'm gonna convince Beckett I'm not crazy,
Castle : I need proof. Something solid.
UNK: Dad, you can't break into his apartment.
Castle : All the evidence we need is in that shredder.
Castle : It'll tell us who the victim is. We can prove she's missing.
Alexis : And what if he catches you?
Castle : He won't. Not if I have your help.
Castle : Next time he leaves, I'll slip over there.
Castle : You keep watch, make sure he's not coming back.
Castle : I go inside,
Castle : I get whatever's in the shredder, and I get out.
Castle : - Two minutes, tops. - On crutches?
Castle : The doctor did say I need more exercise.
Alexis : What if I go? I'm smaller, faster and younger.
Castle : No, no, no. If you get caught,
Castle : you get a B and E on your record, and you'll never become President.
UNK: Dad...
Castle : He's getting away with murder.
Castle : You got a better plan?
Beckett : You've got a long list of indictments against you, Mr. Valentino.
UNK: Assault, racketeering, murder one. And yet, no convictions.
UNK: Tommy Valentino : I'm lucky that way.
Beckett : Yeah, well, your luck's about to run out.
Beckett : I have evidence connecting you
UNK: to payments made to my vic, Clara DeWinter.
Lawyer : My client has no comment.
Valentino : Whoa, whoa, wait. Someone killed Clara?
Beckett : Looks like he does have a comment. So, you're admitting to knowing her?
UNK: Yeah.
Valentino : But I didn't kill her. She was my tax consultant.
Beckett : You paid an IRS agent half a million dollars to act as your tax consultant?
Valentino : You bet your ass. No one's gonna Al Capone me.
Beckett : Okay, if this was a legitimate arrangement,
Beckett : then why did Clara DeWinter
Beckett : go to such lengths to keep that money hidden?
UNK: She hid the money from her husband.
Valentino : That's why she took this job in the first place.
Valentino : She was afraid of him. She needed the money to get away.
UNK: Tommy "The Shark"'s alibi holds.
Beckett : He was with some associates at a nightclub that he owns.
UNK: It doesn't mean he didn't send one of his boys.
UNK: Look, if he killed Clara, he wouldn't have talked to me. No.
UNK: Hiding the money, planning to disappear.
UNK: Something else is going on here.
UNK: So what've you got on the husband?
Ryan : Not much. He's a manager at a big name supermarket in Queens.
Ryan : No priors. Married seven years.
UNK: Oh! And he took a million-dollar life insurance policy out
Ryan : on his wife only three months ago.
UNK: Huh. That's not suspicious.
Esposito : You think he did it and set Renner up?
Beckett : After what happened at the restaurant, it would've been easy.
Beckett : All he'd have to do is rent Renner's same CLS sedan
Beckett : and keep his face hidden.
UNK: While making sure the car was seen.