Beckett : You're talking about an illegal search.
Castle : When you do it, it's an illegal search. When I do it, it's just illegal.
Beckett : Castle, this is such a bad idea.
Castle : No, this is a brilliant idea.
Castle : I break in, I find the body.
Castle : Then I call downstairs to the front desk, tell them that the lock has been cut.
Castle : When they come up to see if everything's okay,
Castle : they find the body, they call the police, and you have probable cause.
Castle : If you stay out here in the hallway, you won't be violating anyone's rights.
Castle : There it is.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : I did not think this part through. If you just...
Beckett : Fine, Castle. But I was never here.
Castle : Just unroll it.
Castle : Where's the body?
Castle : It's in the bags.
Castle : Oh, my God, it's her.
Beckett : Castle, it's a wig.
UNK: And there's clothes in here.
UNK: Now, can we get out of here before someone
Beckett : sees us?
UNK: Victoria Gates : Illegal search, breaking and entering!
UNK: Victoria Gates : You're lucky I don't have your badge.
UNK: Victoria Gates : And you. What in the hell do you think you were doing?
Castle : But all the evidence, the rug, the storage space...
UNK: Evidence?
Gates : I just spoke to your alleged killer, Mr. Castle.
Gates : He got that storage space at his ex-girlfriend's request.
Gates : He was moving her belongings there, including her rug...
Castle : How do you know he's telling the truth? No one's heard from her.
Gates : We contacted her. She's fine.
Castle : What about the paint and the bleach?
Gates : He discovered mold and wanted to take care of it.
Gates : Anything else?
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Just... - Sir, Castle is just...
Gates : Embarrassing me and the department?
Gates : And, Mr. Castle, your neighbor did say that if you bother him in any way,
Gates : he will press charges.
Gates : And I will be so happy to take you into custody personally.
Beckett : Hey, Castle, is it hard to balance on those crutches
Esposito : when you've just had your ass chewed off?
Castle : I'll be in the car.
Beckett : Did you two comedians find out anything new on the husband?
Esposito : Well, there was nothing unusual in his phone or financial records.
Ryan : We talked to everyone at the store.
Ryan : They said he was there all night.
Ryan : But they did say that he was acting weird.
Beckett : Weird how?
UNK: Well, normally on a late shift, he holes up in his office.
Ryan : But that night, he spent all his time on the floor.
Beckett : He wanted to be seen 'cause he needed an alibi.
Beckett : That guy is involved.
UNK: That's a great theory, but there's only one problem.
Esposito : We have no proof.
UNK: Yet.
Castle : Well, I don't say this often,
Castle : but I'm sorry.
Castle : Sorry I got you into trouble, sorry I lost my mind.
Beckett : You know what, Castle? It's okay.
Beckett : Your overactive imagination
Beckett : has actually brought a lot of people to justice.
Beckett : In fact, it's one of the things that I love about you.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: And wow.
Castle : Happy birthday to me!
Castle : If that's my present, I can't wait to unwrap it.
Beckett : Later. Right now, let's just forget about the murder,
Beckett : go to dinner, celebrate your life, come back and celebrate some more.
Castle : Sounds perfect.
UNK: Okay, so the car's gonna be here in 15 minutes.
Beckett : Would you like a drink from the fridge?
Beckett : The fridge.
UNK: What?
Castle : - He just got a soda from the cabinet. - So?
Castle : So why get it from the cabinet? Why not get it from the fridge?
UNK: Why not get ice?
Castle : Oh, no.
UNK: She's in the refrigerator!
UNK: - Oh, God. - Those plastic trays in the closet!
Castle : Those weren't plastic trays. Those were refrigerator shelves!