Castle : I have not yet resorted to voyeurism.
Ryan : Then you are missing out.
Esposito : What? Let me see.
Ryan : - No. Hey! - Give me the binoculars!
Ryan : Dude, she was just about to take off her towel.
Esposito : The towel's off.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Unless the body that you're looking at is dead,
Beckett : I suggest you drop those binoculars.
Beckett : Okay, Castle,
Beckett : I will call you and check on you soon.
Castle : Hey, what if I consult by phone?
UNK: We can pretend I'm Charlie and you're my Angels.
Beckett : Why are men such babies when they get sick or injured?
Esposito : It's an evolutionary thing.
Esposito : Men who can get women to take care of them,
Beckett : you know, they have a greater chance of survival.
Beckett : Really, Espo? Where'd you read that? You're Making It Up magazine?
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, what do we got?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Sorry, sweetie. It's a bad one.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Multiple contusions to the head,
UNK: Lanie Parish : evidence of fracturing at the base of the skull.
UNK: Lanie Parish : From the patterning, I'd say she was repeatedly struck by that bat.
Esposito : Do we know who she is?
UNK: The guard who found her ID'd her as Clara DeWinter,
Lanie : 35, lives in Queens and married.
Beckett : What was she doing in this alleyway
Beckett : in the middle of the night?
Lanie : She was an IRS agent. Worked in this building here.
UNK: Apparently, she was working late.
UNK: The employees sometimes cut across the alley
Ryan : to get to the parking garage next door.
Beckett : - Do we have a witness? - No.
Ryan : But we may have something way better.
Beckett : What the hell is that?
Rigas : No idea, ma'am. Never seen anything like it.
UNK: Espo?
Esposito : It's an infrared camera.
Esposito : So our attacker could be wearing some sort of high-intensity IR lights,
Esposito : which would be invisible to the eye but blinding to that camera.
Dessens : That's pretty sophisticated for a street criminal.
UNK: No, this wasn't a street crime.
Beckett : The person knew that that camera was there and took precautions.
Beckett : This was a premeditated murder.
Beckett : Wait, go back.
Beckett : Right there. That's our killer's car.
Beckett : Let's have Tech filter that image for make and model.
Beckett : And let's see if they can get us a better look at our attacker's face.
UNK: Gavin Dewinter : With all the cutbacks, her workload increased.