UNK: Oh.
Castle : - I can explain. - Please don't.
Castle : Listen, he was pacing back and forth in his apartment,
Castle : and he kept looking towards the bedroom.
Castle : Then he slept on the couch.
Castle : Now, why would you sleep on the couch when you have a perfectly good bed?
Beckett : I could ask you the same question.
Castle : I'll tell you why. Because he had a dead body in there.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito didn't find it because he hid it.
Beckett : Do you realize what you're doing?
Beckett : You're obsessing over this because you have nothing else to obsess about.
Beckett : Why don't you just come with me to the precinct,
Beckett : focus on a real murder instead of wasting your time on an imaginary one?
Castle : Well, actually, I was thinking about just trying to do some writing today.
Beckett : Okay. As long as by writing,
Beckett : you don't mean staring out the window and ogling at your neighbors.
UNK: No.
Castle : That would be immoral and intrusive.
Beckett : Yeah, like you've never done that before.
UNK: John Dessens : - Hey. - Hey.
Esposito : How's Jimmy Stewart?
Beckett : You know, up half the night waiting for the neighbor to move the body.
Beckett : So did Tech get anything on our killer's car in the alley?
Esposito : Yeah. They identified it as a late model, light-colored CLS 550.
Esposito : I've got folks combing over Clara's audit records
Esposito : to see if anyone lists that vehicle on their return.
Ryan : Hey, so I just got off the phone with security at Clara's office.
Ryan : A few weeks back, this guy tried to muscle his way past security.
Ryan : Now, they tried to detain him, but he broke free
Ryan : and he tore out of the parking lot in...
UNK: A CLS 550.
Beckett : This looks like the guy Gavin said was after his wife.
Ryan : Yeah, so I compared that photo to Clara's audit files,
Ryan : and I got a hit on this guy.
Ryan : Dan Renner.
Ryan : He's an anti-government, pro-freedom hothead.
Ryan : Made a fortune on a chain of dry cleaners in Brooklyn
Ryan : that he's neglected to pay taxes on in nearly a decade.
Ryan : And because of Clara's audit, he's facing criminal charges
UNK: and his wife just filed for divorce.
Esposito : Sounds like someone has an axe to grind.
Beckett : Or a bat to swing. Pick him up.
UNK: Yep.
UNK: You bought rope and a tarp.
Castle : What would you need a tarp for?
Castle : It's blood!
Castle : You're washing away the... He's washing away the...
UNK: Dan Renner : They took my house, my marriage.
UNK: Dan Renner : I was facing a jail sentence,
UNK: Dan Renner : so, yeah, I wanted to have
UNK: Dan Renner : A few words with Mrs. DeWinter about the land of the free.
UNK: Dan Renner : That doesn't mean I killed her.
Esposito : You know what that is? That's a silver CLS 550,
UNK: just like the one you drive, fleeing her murder scene.
Renner : Just like the one I drove.
Renner : Look, my 550 was seized by federal agents two weeks ago.
Renner : You can check.
UNK: And given what Mrs. DeWinter was gonna do for me,
Renner : I'm the last person who wanted her dead.
Beckett : Going to do for you?
UNK: Yeah. She came to see me a week ago,
Renner : said she needed a favor, and if I helped her,