Esposito : Should we be worried?
Beckett : I just hope he doesn't do something stupid.
Beckett : Where are we with Dan Renner?
Esposito : His alibi checks out, and he was telling the truth about his car.
UNK: Maybe he was telling the truth about Clara, as well.
Beckett : Let's dig deeper into her life, see if we can find anything.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : He's getting rid of the body.
UNK: Beckett's gonna have to believe me now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Where's the... There we go, here we go.
Castle : No, no, no!
UNK: Alexis Castle : If you thought he was getting rid of the body, why didn't you call Beckett?
UNK: Well, she thinks it's all in my head,
Castle : a by-product of my imagination and pain pills.
Alexis : Like that time you were convinced my art teacher was a serial killer?
Castle : Come on. He looked just like the guy from America's Most Wanted.
Alexis : Did you ever stop to think that maybe
Alexis : there's an innocent explanation for everything?
Castle : All right, what is the innocent explanation
Castle : for rolling up a rug and taking it out of your apartment at 3 : 00 a. M?
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : That is pretty weird.
UNK: Right? And then he didn't come back until 4 : 30 this morning.
UNK: Where'd he go?
Alexis : I don't know, but he's up now.
Castle : What's he doing?
UNK: - Uh... He... - What?
Castle : What do you see?
Alexis : He's taking off his clothes.
UNK: What? Give me those.
Alexis : Oh, he's cute.
Beckett : - All right. - No, I...
UNK: Seriously.
Castle : You shouldn't be watching this.
Alexis : Yeah, neither should you.
Beckett : - What the... - That's creepy.
Ryan : Staring at the phone won't make it ring. I learned that in junior high.
Esposito : You know what, maybe I should go over there.
UNK: I mean, his birthday is tomorrow.
Esposito : Trust me, he'll call when he's ready. And you're not gonna want to miss this.
UNK: We went back through all of Clara's records.
Ryan : Turns out she was hiding something.
UNK: Over a half a million dollars in a secret bank account.
Esposito : She used every legal trick to hide it.
Esposito : Nobody, not even her husband, knew about it.
UNK: This girl made $ 75K a year. How'd she get her hands on half a mill?
Ryan : Well, at first we thought she was shaking down her auditees,