UNK: Actually, yeah.
UNK: We were at a dinner a couple of weeks ago,
Gavin : and this guy comes barging into the restaurant,
Gavin : accusing Clara of destroying his life.
Beckett : Did she tell you who he was?
Gavin : Just another tax cheat she took down.
Gavin : She said it was no big deal, but I could tell she was rattled.
Beckett : Can you tell me what he looked like?
Gavin : Six feet, dark hair.
Gavin : You should check with her work.
Gavin : She promised to file a complaint, so...
UNK: "Looks like we've got some beautiful clear skies with us today.
UNK: "A nice tailwind's gonna get us there right away, folks.
UNK: "We'll be there at zero dark thirty, zero dark quarter to.
UNK: "Nice, Red Five. You're looking good.
UNK: "Oh, no! I've got something wrong!"
UNK: Ohh, that's not good.
Castle : Evade! Evade, evade!
UNK: No!
UNK: Survivors?
UNK: Charlie Blunt : Look, most IRS agents get threats. It's the nature of our business.
Ryan : Did Mrs. DeWinter report any recently?
Dessens : - No. - Are you sure?
Blunt : You have to understand, Clara was a rare breed.
Blunt : An IRS agent who actually liked her job.
UNK: What's that have to do with her being threatened?
Blunt : The thing is,
Blunt : each threat requires an investigation, which is a headache for upstairs.
Blunt : It's an unwritten rule that agents who report threats
UNK: don't fare well on performance reviews.
UNK: Well, that unwritten rule may have gotten her killed.
Ryan : And since you don't have a record of the threat,
UNK: we're gonna have to take a look at her audit files,
UNK: going back at least a year.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Must be writers.
Castle : Oh, that better be for a sick child.
Castle : Oh, to be young
Castle : and underemployed.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, guys, slow down.
UNK: It's not a race.
Castle : Maybe close the blinds.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : All right, you kids, you have fun.
Castle : Someone's home early.
UNK: Really? You're gonna kiss him now?
Castle : Well, maybe next time you'll think twice about being cheating cheaters.
UNK: Uh-oh.
UNK: Someone's got some 'splaining to do.
Beckett : Hey, guys. So Tech couldn't get us a better look at the attacker's face,
Beckett : but they're hoping to have an ID on the car by morning.
UNK: How's it going in here?
Ryan : Clara's colleagues don't remember her mentioning any explicit threat.
Esposito : But if we're looking for people whose lives were ruined,
Esposito : there's no shortage of suspects.
Esposito : We've got houses that were repossessed,
Esposito : bank accounts that were seized, businesses that were shut down,
UNK: and we're only a couple months in.
Beckett : Okay, so let's put a list together and pull photos,
Beckett : see if the husband recognizes anyone.
Beckett : Hey, Castle.
Castle : Where are you?
UNK: I'm at work. Why?
Castle : You said you were bringing home dinner.
Beckett : Yes. On my way home.
Castle : So when are you leaving?
UNK: Soon.
UNK: When's soon?
UNK: Like, in half an hour?
UNK: Fine.
Beckett : Shut up.
Castle : He is so on to you.
UNK: Ah. Uh-huh.
Castle : Here it comes.
Castle : The inevitable huge breakup.