Cameron : She needs brain surgery.
Cameron : The ovaries produce sex hormones
Cameron : in response to a signal from the pituitary gland.
Cameron : Since we know the ovaries are fine, the most likely cause...
UNK: "Most likely" means she wants to root around inside your little girl's brain
House : without any guarantee that it'll work.
House : That's why she's holding off on doing your son.
Cameron : Dr. House knows that unfortunately we've ruled out every other option.
Cameron : We need to resect Lucy's pituitary before...
House : Who else visits these kids?
Cameron : They don't have any family in town.
House : You got a girlfriend?
Deran : No one visits. School?
Cameron : They don't go to the same school. House, I've covered...
UNK: Nanny? They don't have one.
UNK: They go to after-school daycare but none of the other kids are sick.
UNK: Yet.
House : It took your son twice as long to develop symptoms as your daughter.
House : Maybe the other kids are just slow.
Cameron : We wait and your daughter may die.
House : She does this, your daughter will need
House : hormone replacement therapy for the rest of her life.
Cameron : The treatments are extremely effective. She should lead a relatively normal life.
House : And isn't that every parent's dream?
House : To have a kid grow up to be relatively normal?
Cameron : My husband died of thyroid cancer that metastasized to his brain.
Cameron : I've been there.
Cameron : I know how terrifying this can be.
UNK: And I am telling you this is your best chance to save your daughter's life.
House : You did not just play the dead husband card.
House : My wife died.
House : Because she signed a consent form that I didn't want her to sign.
UNK: Died.
Deran : Thank you.
House : How did you know?
Cameron : Know what?
House : That the other kids weren't sick?
House : You've been here for four days.
Deran : I just...
UNK: I would have heard.
UNK: Right.
House : Do you have hair on your special place?
UNK: Little Girl : Miss Janie!
Janie : Can I help you?
Cameron : I'm a doctor.
House : Two of your kids are sick and I need to know why.
Janie : You think they got sick here?
Cameron : I think you're dating their dad.
Janie : He told you?
UNK: No.
UNK: And I don't really care why he didn't.
House : I just need to know how often you go to their house and what you bring.
Lucy : I don't. Shampoos, fancy soaps...
House : Kids get in your bag. I've never been to their house.
Janie : They just lost their mom and we thought it was too soon.
Janie : Why are you staring at me?
House : Lip wax?
Janie : I just had it done over lunch.
UNK: Mani-pedi? No.
Janie : Just the wax.
House : Women get a wax as a part of a whole self-indulgent beauty ritual.
UNK: Pedicures, steam, cucumber masks.
House : No one runs out at lunch just to get a lip wax,
House : unless you woke up looking like Yosemite Sam.
Janie : You're an ass.
House : Excess facial hair in women. It's a clear sign of hormonal imbalance.
Cameron : Exactly what the little kiddies have.
Deran : Is there something wrong at the daycare center?
House : There's something wrong in your pants.
UNK: EXCLAIMS
Deran : She's a lot younger than I am. I
House : use a
Deran : male enhancement cream to keep up with her.
Deran : What does this have to do with...
House : Never occurred to you to get a prescription
UNK: instead of some penis-pumper loaded with testosterone?
Deran : I keep it at the gym.
Deran : I apply it daily in the shower just like it says on the bottle.
Deran : It's never been in my home, it's obviously never been near the kids.
House : But you have.
Deran : We've been through that, I'm not a pervert or a pedophile!
UNK: Thirty percent of our waste is excreted through our skin.
House : That sounds high.