Chase : Her dad identified it.
Foreman : Not the shirt, the blood.
Eddie : Are those the urine test results?
UNK: Yes. And...
House : I'm going to ask you for some blood. Why?
House : To see if your answer will be, "I can't bleed in public."
House : This wasn't your urine, was it?
Eddie : Why would I give you someone else's urine?
UNK: The usual reason is because you're on steroids.
Eddie : I'm not an athlete.
UNK: Second favorite reason is because you're on drugs.
House : I'm not. I am.
UNK: Third favorite reason is you have insurance but your friend Eggs Benedict doesn't.
House : So, Eggs describes a list of symptoms and you repeat them to a doctor,
House : which is particularly stupid because this is a free clinic.
Cuddy : Need you, now.
House : My work here is done.
UNK: Am I okay?
Eddie : Is it diabetes?
House : No, you're pregnant.
UNK: Six-year-old abuse victim and you haven't called Social Services?
UNK: She might've been abused? That's horrifying.
House : Why are you wearing extra concealer under your eyes?
Cuddy : The law's clear. You suspect abuse, you call the authorities.
Cuddy : You don't proceed as usual while the possible abuser sits by her bedside.
House : Dad consented to the exam which means it's not the dad.
House : How late were you out last night?
Cuddy : It's always the dad and I don't have a curfew.
House : Panty hamster get a spin on its wheel?
Cuddy : I went to a play.
Cuddy : House, you are going back to your office. You are picking up your phone,
Cuddy : calling Social Services and you are reporting suspected abuse.
Cameron : Do you understand?
House : What play?
UNK: PEOPLE CHATTERING
House : You're trying to have sex with Cuddy.
UNK: Fries? You took her to a play.
House : You only take women to plays because...
Wilson : No, you only take women to plays for that reason. That's your theory.
UNK: Okay. Then why did you take her to a play? She's a friend.
House : A friend with a squish mitten.
Wilson : It is possible to have a friend of the opposite sex without...
UNK: Blasphemer!
House : She's not a friend of the opposite sex, she's a different species.
House : She's an administrator.
House : She's going to eat your head after she's done.
Wilson : Yes, I slept with her.
UNK: Seriously? No.
House : Yes, you did.
Wilson : Yes, I did.
UNK: Seriously? No.
Wilson : You've got a problem, House.
Foreman : We just tested the blood on Lucy's t-shirt,
Foreman : it's full of endometrial cells.
UNK: So it's not her blood.
Foreman : We tested that, too. It is.
UNK: Your six-year-old patient?
Foreman : It's menstrual blood.
Foreman : She's started puberty.
Deran : How can someone start puberty before they even start the first grade?
Deran : She was in diapers two years ago.
Cameron : For some reason her body has too much sex hormone.
UNK: It caused her reproductive system to get confused,
Cameron : start operating prematurely.
Cameron : We need to find out the source of the hormones and cut it off.
Deran : She's so young.
Deran : I haven't even
Deran : talked to her about sex.
Deran : I doubt she even knows what a period is.