Deran : Girls talk to their moms about that.
UNK: You're gonna be okay, Goosey.
Deran : I love you.
UNK: I
UNK: want
UNK: juice.
UNK: GASPS
Cameron : She got her period and didn't know what it was.
Cameron : She was scared and confused.
Cameron : A friend told her to put a t-shirt in her underwear.
Cameron : When she started growing pubic hair,
Cameron : she snuck Daddy's razor and tried to shave it off.
House : Apparently forgot to sneak the shaving cream.
UNK: Tumor's most likely.
Foreman : A pituitary adenoma would send her hormone level sky-high.
Cameron : In Puerto Rico, in the '70s, there was an epidemic of kids growing breasts
Cameron : because of estrogen in the poultry.
Chase : If it was in the food, it would be an epidemic. We've got one kid.
UNK: She's six, she's tiny, she lives on chicken fingers and milk.
Cameron : Dad doesn't look like the type to read labels,
Cameron : he's probably buying stuff packed full of hormones.
House : Excellent argument. It's a tumor.
Cameron : There's all sorts of environmental sources. Pesticides, soy products.
Cameron : Some shampoos are basically a placenta in a bottle.
UNK: If the tumor's not in her brain, it's in her reproductive tract.
House : Get an MRI.
Cameron : Can I at least... Waste your time?
UNK: Wouldn't recognize you if you didn't.
Foreman : Frontal cortex is clean, moving caudally.
Chase : For the record, Cameron's the one who broke it off.
Foreman : Not interested.
Foreman : No masses in the hypothalamus.
Chase : I wanted more.
Chase : She didn't share my feelings.
Foreman : I feel like I'm in a similar position.
Chase : Pituitary's clean.
Foreman : You're an idiot.
Foreman : Either she's lying or she's actually emotionally detached.
Foreman : Which one sounds more like Cameron to you?
UNK: Neither.
Foreman : You have to choose one.
FOREMAN : There's a bright spot on her left ovary.
UNK: Looks like a solid tumor.
House : They printed my letter.
UNK: EXHALES
Wilson : You were right.
House : Of course I was. What are we talking about?
House : They printed my letter. Great.
UNK: Cuddy.
House : You want to see her naked? No, no, no.
Wilson : She wants to see me naked.
Wilson : She sent me flowers.
House : Just thanking you for the play.
UNK: See, some people feel an emotion called gratitude.
Wilson : There's a card. I suspected.
UNK: It explains how you knew who they were from.
UNK: "Let's do it again. Soon. XX, Lisa."
Wilson : Xs are the kisses, right?
House : No, I think they're the hugs.
House : I think Os are the kisses.
UNK: No, no. The Xs are definitely the kisses.
UNK: "Soon" is its own sentence.
UNK: I gotta go!
House : I'll miss you. You were a good friend.
House : They printed my letter.
House : How was the play, Mrs. Lincoln?
Cuddy : What's up with Wilson?
House : He's just a little freaked.
UNK: Why?
House : I sent him flowers.
Cameron : Jasper, you're not supposed to be up here.
Jasper : Is that other doctor your boyfriend?
UNK: No.
Cameron : Your dad's probably looking for you. He's got enough to worry about right now.
Jasper : Do you like him?
Wilson : He's a friend.
Jasper : Do you like him, like him?
Cameron : We should get you back to your dad.
Cameron : Let me put this down and I'll take you there.
Jasper : I could be your boyfriend.
Cameron : I think that wouldn't be fair to the girls your own age.
Jasper : He seems like a tool.
Cameron : He's not. And that's rude.