House : So. What does the double vision tell us?
Cameron : Slit lamp revealed the eye's anterior chamber is swollen.
Cameron : Uveitis. Means it's not a post-op effect and it's not neurological.
Chase : It's not fungal, either. Lymph node biopsy was clean.
House : So, we're back to square one.
Foreman : One and a half. We've eliminated two more conditions.
UNK: Yes. Two plus two doesn't equal 12 or 16, either.
Foreman : Vision issues plus screwy heart equals some type of autoimmune.
Foreman : Lupus and Kawasaki's are the most common in a six-year-old.
Chase : Yeah, tough to find a six-year-old who doesn't have Lupus or Kawasaki's...
House : Did you look at her knees?
House : Those knobby things in the middle of her legs. Any scars or scabs?
Foreman : What does that have to do with...
UNK: Well, most six-year-olds hurt themselves a lot.
House : Crash their bikes, climb trees, bungee jump...
UNK: Dad says she doesn't like to run around outside.
House : 'Cause running around outside hurts.
Cameron : She didn't mention anything...
UNK: Most six-year-olds are not familiar with the phrase, "My joints feel inflamed."
UNK: So, two plus two equals...
House : Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
House : We're checking her ANA to confirm and giving her steroids to fix her vision.
House : Some idiot gave me two tickets for a play tonight.
House : Saved his life. Apparently worth $186.
House : Sorry, had to take a leak.
Wilson : Oh, I didn't know you were seeing a patient.
House : It's an exam room. What did you think I was doing?
Wilson : What you usually do. Hiding from Cuddy.
House : Well, it'd be stupid to do it in here. There's a patient in here.
House : You been drinking more?
UNK: No, I haven't.
House : Guy's peeing all the time. Play. Interested?
UNK: Sure. You want me to pick you up?
UNK: Well, I'm not going. You said two tickets.
House : You thought this was a date?
House : Any other symptoms?
Eddie : My stomach hurts.
Eddie : I have back pain and muscle aches,
UNK: I feel dizzy and I have trouble concentrating sometimes in class.
Wilson : I really should...
House : You want the tickets or not?
Wilson : Why don't you want to go with me? It's a play.
House : Dudes only go to plays if they're dragged by women they're hoping to see naked.
Wilson : So, why are you giving them to me?
House : Maybe there's someone you wanna see naked.
UNK: EXHALES
Wilson : All right.
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
House : Any fever? No.
House : Anything in your pee other than pee?
UNK: No.
House : I'm going to need a urine sample.
UNK: No!
House : Yeah, that last one wasn't a question.
House : You might have diabetes... I can't pee in public.
House : We have bathrooms.
Eddie : I can't pee in public bathrooms.
House : Where can you pee?
Eddie : I only live a few miles from here.
UNK: I thought arthritis was for old people.
Foreman : JRA is an autoimmune disease.
UNK: Her body's attacking itself,
Foreman : causing inflammation in the joints, her eyes, and her heart.
Deran : Is it treatable?
Foreman : It can be crippling, but it can also go into complete remission.
UNK: Well, the good thing is we caught it early.
Foreman : Gives her the best chance to have a positive outcome.
UNK: Dad.
UNK: Don't get up, Goosey.
Deran : Your stitches.
UNK: MUMBLING
UNK: GASPING
Foreman : She's having a stroke.