UNK: MAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO
Esposito : Victim is Henry Wyatt, a 38-year-old attorney.
Beckett : Same shooter?
Esposito : Looks that way.
UNK: Anyone see or hear anything?
UNK: Nada, just like before.
Esposito : He went for the head this time. He's getting more confident.
Castle : Another victim, same time of day.
Castle : This could be the D.C. Sniper all over again.
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Beckett : Lanie, is that the slug?
Lanie : Yeah, it's all banged up from the concrete,
Lanie : but it looks like the same caliber.
UNK: The angle of the entry is more extreme, though.
Esposito : He shot Wyatt from higher up.
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Castle : See something?
UNK: HORN BLARING
Lanie : Beckett, you all right?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm just...
Beckett : I'm just trying to figure out why these two victims,
Beckett : and why shoot here.
Esposito : The victims might be random, but the location isn't.
Esposito : A pro recons his target beforehand.
UNK: If you're gonna kill something from a long distance,
Esposito : it's not a point and shoot activity.
Esposito : You factor in all the conditions,
Esposito : like range to target, minute of arc,
UNK: and windage.
Becket : What is it?
UNK: This flag is the perfect wind gauge.
Castle : That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Okay, so if he hung that up there,
Beckett : we might be able to get eyes on him.
Beckett : We should canvass the area for security cameras...
UNK: SIREN WAILS MOANS
GATES : We have a gunman terrorizing this city.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Two victims in 24 hours.
UNK: Victoria Gates : We don't know who he is, or why he shot those folks.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Detective Ryan, what do we know about the second victim?
Ryan : Henry Wyatt was a litigation partner at a law firm,
Ryan : two blocks from where he was shot.
Beckett : And according to his secretary,
Ryan : he liked to walk, which means there was a predictable routine,
Ryan : just like Sarah Vasquez.
Gates : Which doesn't mean they were targeted.
Gates : After all, most New Yorkers follow routines.
Gates : Esposito, have we learned where they were shot from?
Esposito : We've got teams sweeping buildings near both crime scenes,
Esposito : and so far we've come up empty.
GATES : We need to find our shooter's...
UNK: You know, it's just a startle response.
Castle : It could happen to anyone.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I'm not anyone.
Castle : No, I'm just saying... Just don't.
Gates : Detective Beckett,
Gates : where are we on Henry Wyatt and Sarah Vasquez?
Beckett : I'm sorry?
Gates : On links between the victims?
Beckett : We're still checking, but they don't live or work in the same area,
Beckett : and it doesn't seem like they have anyone in common.
Beckett : In fact, we haven't really found any connections
Beckett : between the two of them yet.
GATES : Well, keep looking.
Gates : We know he has training, a specific skill set.
Gates : Now, every branch in the military has snipers,
Gates : so do law enforcement agencies. BREATHING DEEPLY
UNK: You're talking about close to 1,000 qualified shooters.
GATES : The fact is, everyone in this city is a potential target.
Gates : Let's get it done, people.
Castle : Wait, where are you going?
Beckett : I just have to go do something.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett.
Ryan : Canvass turned up a security camera
Ryan : across from where the flag was hung.
Ryan : Footage is on its way in right now.
Ryan : Is she okay?
Beckett : No, you don't understand. I need to be okay.
UNK: Dr. Carver Burke : That's not always a choice, Kate.
UNK: Dr. Carver Burke : What you're describing, hypervigilance,
UNK: it's a classic symptom of post-traumatic stress disorder.
Beckett : I don't have PTSD.
UNK: Dr. Burke : You were shot, by a sniper.
UNK: I think it's fair to say this case is going to bring up issues,
UNK: Dr. Burke : issues you still haven't dealt with.
Beckett : Okay, then fine, I'll deal with them.
Ryan : Right now, I need to figure out how to make this stop.
UNK: Dr. Burke : It's not going to stop. Not without time and treatment.
UNK: Dr. Burke : The psychological trauma is every bit as real as the physical trauma.
UNK: Listen, people are dying out there.
Beckett : I don't have time to get all weepy over a couple of scars.
UNK: Okay, so what's the alternative?
UNK: Dr. Burke : Walking around feeling like you have crosshairs on your back?
UNK: Thinking every glint off a window is a sniper scope?