Beckett : Do you know where he's living?
UNK: Lee's Sister : I gave him my old car when he left. It's a blue Plymouth Duster.
Beckett : Do you think you could write down the license plate number?
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
Robert : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Where?
Beckett : We're on our way.
UNK: I'm sorry, we got to go.
Beckett : Uniforms just found the third hide where Emily Reese was shot from.
UNK: Detective, I know my brother's done terrible things,
UNK: but please don't hurt him.
CASTLE : How is he finding these places?
BECKETT : Same way he chooses his victims. He listens.
Beckett : He's homeless, so nobody notices him.
UNK: Once he finds a building that he'll be shooting from,
Beckett : he recons it for the best vantage point.
UNK: Castle,
Gates : we need to find that paper doll,
Beckett : see where he's going to strike next.
Castle : Found it.
Julie : Oh, my God!
Beckett : Does it ID the next victim?
Castle : Not victim.
UNK: Victims.
UNK: The patrol unit found Lee's car.
Beckett : These were in the trunk.
UNK: Any sign of the gun? No.
Gates : All right, listen up. I want all units on tactical alert.
Gates : Lee Travis is out there right now with his weapon,
Gates : intending to kill multiple victims.
Gates : And given that the first three were shot in the morning,
Gates : we don't have a lot of time. ELEVATOR DINGS
Castle : I got it.
Gates : You know where he cut the chain of dolls from?
Castle : I convinced them to let me into the museum early.
UNK: I compared the dol Is to all the paintin gs in their collection.
Castle : It's called Lions in the Meadow.
Gates : The only meadow I know of in New York
Gates : is in Central Park.
Beckett : We should assume that Travis is already in position.
Beckett : If we start clearing the park, he might start firing.
Castle : Whoever these dozen victims are,
UNK: he's targeting them for the same reason he went after the others.
UNK: So we can assume they areal part of the same group.
Gates : Beckett, take everyone we can spare, head for the park.
UNK: I want you in place and ready to move when we figure this out.
Gates : Ryan, get on the phone to the Parks Department.
Gates : Find out what they have scheduled there this morning.
Beckett : Castle, you coming?
Castle : I'm more useful here, helping Ryan figure out who the targets are.
Castle : You got this.
Castle : All that tree cover is gonna make it hard
Castle : for him to target any large area of the park.
Gates : Also, the buildings on the east and we st sides of the park
UNK: are high-end apartments, with doormen.
Ryan : Which means he would have to shoot