Beckett : Look, there's got to be a pill out there, or something, right?
Beckett : Something to take the edge off.
UNK: Dr. Burke : Medication can help, but not right away.
Beckett : Well, then what?
UNK: Dr. Burke : Well, for one,
UNK: Dr. Burke : I think you should consider stepping away from the case.
Beckett : You don't think I can handle this?
UNK: Dr. Burke : I'm saying, you don't have to.
UNK: Dr. Burke : You're not the only cop in the city, Kate.
Beckett : Okay, then, you know what?
Beckett : I'm fine.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : How worried should I be about Beckett?
Castle : She's never snapped at me like that before.
Castle : And meant it.
Esposito : Hell, it was bad for me when I came back, and I never took a bullet.
Castle : Well, at least she doesn't remember it.
Esposito : Or she doesn't want to remember.
Esposito : A thing like that, it's easier to just keep in a box.
Esposito : This case might bust that box open.
Castle : So what can we do?
Ryan : Catch the shooter. He's right.
Esposito : Best thing for everyone, Beckett included.
Esposito : In the meantime, just give her space, and don't take it personally.
UNK: Hey, guys, check this out.
UNK: This is two days ago, at 4 : 30 p.m.
ESPOSITO : He planted the flag.
UNK: He's got to be our shooter.
Castle : He knows where the camera is that's why he keeps his face covered.
Ryan : Why choose this street?
Ryan : Why not pick a place without any security cameras?
Esposito : 'Cause he's straight up taunting us.
UNK: PRINTER BEEPS
Ryan : I'll run this photo by victims' co-workers and friends,
Ryan : see if anyone recognizes him.
Castle : He is not going to make it easy for us to catch him, is he?
Esposito : No, he's smart, and he's patient.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
Esposito : It's part of a sniper's DNA.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Don't go in. Call CSU. I'll be there in 10.
Esposito : Uniform just found where the sniper shot Henry Wyatt from.
UNK: Yep.
Esposito : Here's the crime scene.
UNK: Six hundred yards.
UNK: World-class shot, but it's all wrong.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: The view of the kill zone is partially obstructed by that tree.
UNK: Better shot would've been from the roof.
UNK: Our boy would know that.
Castle : So why wouldn't he take the shot from up there?
Esposito : It's possible he was worried about being seen
Esposito : by someone in a taller building, or a passing helicopter.
Esposito : What's that? Little paper doll.
UNK: You think maybe it was left by the sniper?
Esposito : Or one of the workmen's kids.
Castle : So the sniper took the shot from this window?
UNK: No.
Esposito : He would have wanted to be invisible from the street.
Esposito : He would have taken the shot from right here.
Esposito : He took his time.
UNK: To spot that flag.
UNK: Adjust it for wind,
Esposito : acquired his target...
UNK: CLICKING Bam!
UNK: SHELL CLATTERS
UNK: Shell casing would've ejected to the right.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: DINGS
UNK: PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY
UNK: GRUNTS Sorry.
Castle : Hey, where have you been? I called you.
UNK: Yeah, my phone's off. What's up?
UNK: Shell casing from the Wyatt sniper hide had a print on it.
Esposito : We just matched it
Esposito : to a former Special Forces sniper named Marcus Ford.
Castle : Just went through a bitter divorce.
Castle : Textbook trigger for that kind of violence.
Esposito : Ford runs a shooting range in Long Island.
Esposito : State police have a tactical team on the way to meet us there now.
Castle : Maybe it would be a good idea if we hung back here.
Castle : We'll study up on Ford, just prep for the interrogation.
Esposito : That's a good idea. We got it covered.
Beckett : Yeah, okay.
UNK: DINGS
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Our officers found a whole arsenal
Beckett : at your shooting range, Mr. Ford.
UNK: Marcus Ford : Last time I checked, I still have the right to bear arms.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you should know that Ballistics is testing your rifles.
Ford : Have at it. I didn't shoot anyone.
Castle : Well, that's not exactly true, is it?
Castle : According to your military record, you have 92 confirmed kills.
UNK: So?
Beckett : You looking to make it an even 100?
Beckett : What's it like to look through the scope?
Beckett : To play God?
Beckett : How do you feel when you pull that trigger
Beckett : and you destroy someone's life? BANGS
Ford : It's none of your damn business, is how it feels.
Beckett : You know what I think?
Beckett : I think that you should be on the other side of that barrel.
Ford : Is that a threat? Are you threatening me?
UNK: What are those people? Are they just paper targets to you?
Beckett : Do you even think about the pain that you've caused?
Beckett : About the families that you leave behind?
Ford : Every life I ever took saved one of ours.
UNK: Like hell it did!
Beckett : You know what I think? I think that you liked it.
Beckett : I think that you couldn't wait to kill again.
Ford : You're out of your mind, lady.
UNK: We found your print on the shell casing left by the sniper.
Ford : That's impossible.
Beckett : That is a lie!
FORD : I have nothing left to say.
Ford : I know my rights.
Esposito : None of Ford's weapons are a match.
Beckett : So? That doesn't mean he's not the sniper.
Beckett : He could have hidden the rifle.
GATES : Ford's not our man.
Gates : His alibis for both shootings are solid.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Gates : I think I know how to check an alibi, Detective.
Castle : Well, if he's not our man,
Castle : how the hell did his fingerprint get on that shell casing?
Esposito : Could be a reload.
Esposito : It's easy enough to load a new bullet
UNK: into an empty shell casing, like the one we found.
Esposito : All you need is the right equipment.
Castle : Which means our sniper is a client at Ford's shooting range.
Gates : Go back in there and get his help.
UNK: He's not gonna want to talk to us after the way you went after him.
Beckett : So what are you trying to say, that I screwed up?
Sarah : No. Um...
ESPOSITO : I think what he's saying is that you played bad cop.
UNK: And that we'll get more out of Ford if I go in and play good cop.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Esposito : Maybe Ford can get us what we need to nail this guy.
Esposito : Mr. Ford, my apologies.
UNK: OMINOUS MUSIC
UNK: PEOPLE SCREAMING
UNK: GUN FIRING Kate!
UNK: PEOPLE SCREAMING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Coffee?
Beckett : No, no, thanks.
Castle : It's decaf.
UNK: Look... Castle, I'm fine.
Castle : Right, but... No, really, I'm fine.
Beckett : What's in the folder?
Castle : CSU report on the paper doll This was not made by a kid.
UNK: It was cut out very precisel with an X-Acto knife.
UNK: Out of what? A magazine?
Castle : No, the paper stock is too heavy.
Castle : And given there's nothing printed on the back,
Castle : it's probably from some high-end
Castle : coffee table book of some kind.
Castle : My guess, a book of paintings.
Castle : If you look closely, you can see brush strokes.
Castle : I think the sniper left that.
BECKETT : Why would he do that?
Castle : That much, I don't know.
Esposito : Yo, Marcus Ford was no help.
Esposito : He couldn't ID the guy in the video.
Esposito : We're pulling his credit card receipts,
UNK: but he says that the shooting range is mostly a cash business.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Where?
Beckett : Okay, we're on our way.
Beckett : Ryan found the building the sniper shot Sarah Vasquez from.
Ryan : Super recognized the jacket from the photo,
Ryan : said he'd been hanging around the building.
Beckett : How do we know he was in this room?
Ryan : Because we found another one of these.
Esposito : This is it. He shot Sarah Vasquez from right here.
Castle : This is different from the first one.
Castle : Must be from a different painting.
Castle : They've got to mean something.
Beckett : Yeah, like what? What's it possibly gonna mean?
Castle : I don't know, but he's leaving them for a reason.
Beckett : Yeah, he's screwing with us.
Beckett : He's just taunting us and trying to make us look like idiots.
Ryan : Hey, we'll figure it out, okay?
Esposito : Found something.
UNK: Moleskin.
Esposito : Hardcore military snipers put it on the stocks of their weapons
Esposito : to absorb sweat so their rifles don't slip.
Ryan : If there's sweat, we can get DNA.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : All right, go.
UNK: This is where it all started.
UNK: He pulled that trigger right in this room.
UNK: One second Sarah Vasquez is alive and dreaming of the perfect wedding.