UNK: GROANING
RYAN : That coffee shop may be the key.
UNK: Sarah Vasquez lived six blocks from the Grace Point Tower,
UNK: and she had a receipt in her wallet
UNK: from Caffe Primo dated three days ago.
Gates : What about Henry Wyatt?
Esposito : Wyatt's therapist has an office right across the street
Esposito : from the coffee shop.
UNK: They had a session two days before he was killed.
UNK: That shop's gotta be ground zero, where he selected his victims.
UNK: Get the hell down there and get me an ID.
Gates : The clock's ticking on his next victim.
ROBERT : Yeah, they all get coffee here on a pretty regular basis.
Robert : Are you saying he shoots people from my shop?
Ryan : It could be just a coincidence.
Ryan : Have any of them been in here together?
UNK: Maybe talking to each othe Or anyone else for that matter?
Robert : Not that I remember.
UNK: And what about this guy? Is he a customer?
Robert : Is that the sniper?
Esposito : Have you seen him? Does he look familiar?
UNK: No, sorry. Maybe if I can ge a better look at his face.
MAN : Robert, phone call.
Robert : Excuse me.
UNK: Girl1 : I'm just praying that I get accepted.
UNK: Girl2 : Your dad's an alumni, you're in for sure.
UNK: Guy On Phone : Yo, dude, I totally closed the deal.
UNK: Eight figures and piece of the merchandising.
Beckett : You know, it was epic, bro.
MAN : Hey, can you go to the back and get some more of that...
UNK: I hate to think that any of these people are dead
UNK: just 'cause they picked the wrong place to buy coffee.
Castle : It's not the coffee shop. I know how the victims are connected.
UNK: How?
Esposito : Sarah Vasquez just got engaged.
Castle : Henry Wyatt just made partner at his firm.
Ryan : And Emily Reese just bought a giant apartment on the Upper West Side.
Castle : They all had recent successes.
Castle : According to our profile, this sniper is a paranoid loner.
Castle : He feels alienated, victimized by the world.
UNK: He comes into here for a cup of coffee,
Castle : and he hears about how well everyone's doing,
Castle : how their dreams are coming true, while his are not.
Castle : Makes him feel invisible, makes him feel angry.
Castle : So he picks one of them out and he makes them pay.
Esposito : Even if you're right, it doesn't get us any clos to catching this guy.
Beckett : It might, if we ask the right question.
Beckett : He didn't shoot from the roof because he couldn't climb the ladder.
Beckett : If you look at the video, there's a slight hitch in his step.
Beckett : I think he has a physical disability.
UNK: Robert?
UNK: Does this ring a bell, a guy with a limp? Or a leg injury?
Robert : There is a homeless guy who's been hanging around the last few weeks.
Robert : I think he's got a prosthetic leg.
Castle : We're gonna need a description.
UNK: All right, adding disability
Ryan : and partial and/or full amputation to the list,
Ryan : cuts it down from 207
UNK: BEEPING
UNK: to three.
UNK: Erik Howard, Lee Travis...
Castle : That's him. Lee Travis.
BECKETT : He's 38 years old. He did a year in the Marines
Beckett : before losing his right leg in a hit-and-run motorcycle accident.
Ryan : Never caught the driver of the car
Ryan : and Lee was given an honorable discharge.
Beckett : And according to his counselor,
Beckett : Lee went into a deep depression.
UNK: Turned his anger against the world.
Castle : He took a string of low-paying jobs
Castle : including a stint as a security guard
Castle : for the Metropolitan Museum of Art,
Castle : where his former boss said he spent a lot of time in the old masters' section,
Castle : home of Caravaggio and Peterzano.
Gates : All right. I'm releasing Lee's photo and bio to the media.
Gates : Within the hour, every person in New York will know who he is.
Beckett : Wait, sir, are you sure that's a good idea?
Beckett : If he knows that we're closing in,
Beckett : that might trigger another shooting.
Gates : We need to risk it.
Gates : We put his face out there, it could give us a lead on his whereabouts.
UNK: Victoria Gates : What do we know about his family?
UNK: Lee has a sister in Queens.
Ryan : Esposito's tracking her down right now.
UNK: Lee's Sister : Are you sure it's him?
BECKETT : Yes.
Castle : You're not surprised.
UNK: Lee's Sister : Lee's an angry guy. He has been since the accident.