Girl : You're so sweet.
Barney : I love you.
Barney : There, I said it and I'm not taking it back.
Girl : Oh, my god! I love you, too.
Girl : I'm finally not the first one to say it!
Barney : How about you get in the shower,
Barney : And I will make us some waffles.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Works every time.
UNK: Marshall to Ted : Wait.
Robin : That time that you offered to walk my dogs
Robin : When I went to visit my dad in vancouver...
Barney : Yup.
Robiin : Is that why my yorkie trembled
Robiin : For like a week after I got back?
Meg : Yeah.
Barney : That little guy saw some stuff I'm not proud of.
UNK: Whoa. What?
Ted : There was a fight here.
Robin : What do you mean?
Ted : Whenever marshall and lily have a big argument, they always
Ted : Leave a trail of evidence all over the apartment.
Robin : Oh, god, here we go.
Robin : He had a detective club as a kid.
UNK: Uh, the mosby boys
Ted : Cracked a lot of big cases.
Robin : The mosby boys?
Robin : You mean you and your sister.
Ted : We solved the mystery of the missing retainer.
UNK: Hmm, let me guess : It was in the garbage.
Ted : Why are you like this?
Ted : Anyway, this is serious.
Ted : I know lily and marshall.
UNK: All the telltale signs are here.
Barney : Like this.
UNK: A water bottle? Don't touch the evidence!
UNK: Barney to Robin : I got your back, partner.
UNK: It's not just any water bottle.
UNK: Notice the label is peeled off.
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : Lily always peels labels off
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : The bottle when she's feeling guilty.
UNK: This label is not only peeled off, but torn up.
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : Oh, man, she must have done something bad.
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : Which means marshall must have been really angry,
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : And when marshall gets really angry...
UNK: [Flashback - The apartment- Lily/Marshall - They quarrel]Ted voice off : He eats.
Ted : Just as I suspected,
Ted : Cherry garcia.
Ted : Given the liquid consistency,
Ted : I place the fight between... Noon and 1 : 00.
Robin : Ew, that was on the floor.
UNK: If you want to get to the bottom of this,
Barney : You're gonna need a stronger stomach than that, doll-face.
Ted : Marshall stood here.
Ted : Eating and yelling, yelling and eating.
Ted : Lily stood here.
Ted : Crying.
UNK: Ew, ted.
Ted : And then marshall tried
Ted : To storm out...
Ted : But lily went for the hail mary pass.
UNK: Which would mean...
UNK: What do you think, makeup sex?
UNK: No. There'd be a bigger mess.
Ted : Tempted as he was, marshall was still too upset.
UNK: He had to get out of here, any way he could.
UNK: He chose the door,
UNK: Slamming it behind him.
Robin : Which is why this picture is crooked.
UNK: Nice catch, rook.
Barney : I'll just, uh, take this down to the lab.
UNK: Now all we need is a motive.
UNK: The million-dollar question.
Ted : What were they fighting about?
Robin : I know what they've been fighting...
UNK: Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
UNK: There's only one possible conclusion.