Narrator : Lily and marshall were fighting about :
UNK: Peanut butter. Ah.
Ted : Lily left the lid off...
UNK: Then marshall blew his.
Robin : I know what they were fighting about,
Robin : And it wasn't peanut butter.
Barney : Robin, just... I appreciate your help,
Ted : But there's a reason your name is robin, not batman.
Robin : They were fighting because they didn't get the loan
Robin : And it's all lily's fault.
UNK: Robin, just... What?
Robin : Yeah, she has a pile of debt the size of mount... Rushmore.
Ted : Nice try, robin.
Ted : So, the next thing lily did
Ted : Was give marshall a few hours to cool off about
Marshall : The peanut butter.
Ted : Then she called him
Ted : To apologize, which is why the last number dialed is...
Woman : Greenstein and lee, divorce attorneys.
Ted : This can't be happening.
Barney : They can't... Get divorced.
Ted : Not lily and marshall, no way.
Robin : Well, it's been nice knowing you guys.
UNK: What do you mean? Well...
UNK: Marshall's gonna get you guys, lily's gonna get me.
UNK: Even if they did break up, that doesn't mean
UNK: We can't all still hang out.
Ted : I mean, we broke up and we still hang out... it's not weird.
Robin : It's a little weird.
Ted : Yeah, it is. It's weird.
Barney : The world needs
Barney : Marshall and lily... Together.
Barney : I'm not crying, there's something in my eye.
Robin : They're back.
UNK: Hey, hey, guys. Hey.
UNK: We have an announcement.
UNK: Barney going to cry : I know, it's a terrible idea.
UNK: You can't do it!
UNK: Barney going to cry : Just look at me.
UNK: [The apartment -Barney/robin- They smoke a cigar and watch a catch game on tv]Together : Oh...
Ted : I hit redial on the phone.
Ted : Divorce lawyers?
UNK: Oh, I should explain.
Lily : We got in a pretty big fight.
Marshall : Yeah, I know.
Lily : Marshall stormed out.
Marshall : I went, uh, to the bar.
Lily : Still drinking that?
Marshall : I paid for it.
Marshall : And apparently money's tight now, so...
Lily : Listen, I've been thinking about this,
Lily : And I know there's no way to undo what I've done,
Lily : But, well, I made an appointment with a divorce lawyer.
Marshall : What?! What?!
UNK: Oh, no, no, no, no-no.
UNK: What, you want a divorce now? No.
Lily : I just mean on paper,
Lily : So that you can buy the apartment
Lily : Without my bad credit dragging us down. Lily...
Marshall : Are you trying to kill me?
Lily : I'm sorry, I shouldn't have led with the divorce lawyer part.
Marshall : No, you shouldn't have.
Marshall : I love you, lily.
Girl : I love you, too.
Lily : And I want us to have our dream home.
Lily : And, well, I don't know.
Lily : It seems like this is a way to do it.
Barney : So...
Lily : Marshall eriksen,
Lily : Will you divorce me?
Marshall : That's the sweetest divorce proposal I've ever heard.
Lily : So is that a yes?
Lily : You can't sleep with other women though.
Marshall : No, we're not getting divorced,
Marshall : Not even on paper.
Marshall : When I married you, I married your problems, too.
Marshall : The ones I knew about and the ones I didn't.
Marshall : So, that was the deal.
Marshall : We'll figure this out together.
UNK: Wendy, upset, with a black eye : Can I get you guys anything else?
Robin : So you're not getting a divorce?
UNK: No. Ted : Wow, you guys
UNK: Scared us. Oh, thank god.
UNK: 'Cause, I mean if you did,
Barney : Then who'd be the lame married couple I get to make fun of?
UNK: Like, "hey, marshall, you married miss right."
Barney : You just didn't know her first name was always."
UNK: That stuff is gold.
UNK: So, what's the announcement?
Marshall : I just got off the phone with the realtor.
Marshall : We told her that, uh, because of our finances,
Marshall : We're not getting the place.
Barney : It's just... It's not the right time.
Ted : Is what marshall should have said.
Marshall : I just got off the phone with the realtor.
UNK: [Rewind] Marshall : We got the place!
UNK: We're homeowners!
UNK: Don't do it. Are you insane?
UNK: Have you lost your mind?
Narrator : Is what we should have said.
UNK: Yes! Congratulations! That's awesome!
UNK: Wow! Wow! Thank you.
UNK: Aw! This is exciting!
UNK: Yeah. There it is!
Lily : Our new home.
Marshall : Shall we?
Lily : We shall.
UNK: Oh! Oh!
UNK: Oh, what a horrible smell.
Marshall : It reeks.
UNK: Cab driver : Oh, that's just the plant.
UNK: Cab driver : Don't worry, they shut it down on the weekends.
Lily : Wh-what plant?
Lily : What are you talking about?
UNK: Cab driver : Don't you know?
UNK: Cab driver : Baby, this whole neighborhood is downwind
UNK: Cab driver : Of the sewage treatment plant.
Marshall : Wait... What did you just say?
UNK: Cab driver : I said, we're downwind
UNK: Cab driver : Of the sewage treatment plant.
UNK: Uh-oh. Uh-oh.