Marshall : Wendy,
Marshall : Bring me the comically large
Marshall : Bottle of champagne
Wendy : Really? Are you sure?
Wendy : It's never been refrigerated.
Wendy : And I think at some point there was a fish in it.
Marshall : Honey, once you've made the sale, stop sellin'.
Wendy : All right, but you guys have to help me carry it.
UNK: Marshall, Ted, Barney : All right, let's do it.
UNK: Whatever. Let's do this.
UNK: Lily to Robin : I know what you're thinking.
UNK: Lily to Robin : I should tell marshall the truth.
UNK: Ted gets out of the kitchen : Hey,
UNK: Lily to Robin : I've got the whole thing figured out.
UNK: Lily to Robin : We'll apply for the loan under marshall's name,
UNK: Lily to Robin : And he'll never need to know.
UNK: Lily to Robin : And then in the meantime, I'll slowly work down my debt.
UNK: Lily to Robin : Right after I furnish the apartment.
UNK: Lily to Robin : I saw this amazing leather sofa today.
Robin : You should be a reality show.
All : Nice!
All : Nice.
UNK: Marshall to Ted : Wait!
UNK: Marshall to Ted : That cork is the size of a softball
UNK: Marshall to Ted : And you're pointing it directly at wendy the waitress's face.
Narrator : Is what he should have said.
UNK: Now, if you're thinking of buying an apartment,
UNK: [The building in Dowisetrepla]Narrator : It's always good to check the place out at night.
Barney : Welcome to my humble abode.
UNK: The girl : This place is so nice.
Barney : Ah, make yourself at home.
Barney : Please, get comfortable.
Barney : If you see something you like, just take it.
UNK: The girl taking picture on the table : Who are these people?
Barney : Uh... That's my parents.
UNK: The girl : They're asian.
Meg : Yeah.
Barney : They're a chinese couple that wanted a white baby.
Barney : It works both ways.
Barney : Cookie.
UNK: The girl : Wow.
UNK: The girl : Did you make those?
Barney : You got me.
Barney : My sisters taught me how to bake
Barney : And how to listen.
UNK: The girl : Wow.
UNK: The girl : I feel so at home here.
Barney : I'm glad. Sometimes, I don't.
Barney : A place like this really needs a lady of the house.
Barney : I know it's early to be thinking of you as...
Barney : Oh, god, I'm freaking you out, aren't I?
Barney : It's just you make me feel so safe...
Barney : I didn't...
UNK: [A bank's office - Lily/Marshall/a bank employee]Narrator : The next day, lily and marshall went
UNK: [A bank's office - Lily/Marshall/a bank employee]Narrator : To the mortgage broker to get a loan.
Marshall : Hey, uh,
Marshall : Can we get this in singles?
Marshall : Before we get the apartment, I want to put in a kiddie pool
Marshall : And swim around in it naked.
UNK: Great, that is great! Thank you.
Marshall : Thank you.
UNK: Okay, all right, back to business now.
UNK: Bank employee : All right, mrs. Aldrin,
UNK: Bank employee : I'm going to need your social as well.
Lily : What? Why?
Lily : I mean, you already have marshall's.
UNK: Bank employee : Yes, but since you're a married couple,
UNK: Bank employee : You'll be applying for a joint loan, so...
Lily : Well, can we just
Lily : Go ahead and do it in my husband's name?
Lily : He's the head of the household.
Lily : He earns the big bucks.
Lily : I mean, can women even own property?
Marshall : Go ahead, just give him your social.
Lily : Okay, my... My social is, uh...
UNK: Bank employee : Got it.
Robin : Okay.
UNK: Bank employee : Let's see what kind of rate I can get you two.
Marshall : Under six percent. Under six percent.
Marshall : Under six percent, please.
UNK: There we go. Congratulations.
UNK: You have been approved for a loan
UNK: Bank employee : At 18%.
Marshall : No, way. That-that can't be right.
UNK: Bank employee : You're lucky to be getting a mortgage.
Lily : Let's get out of here, marshall.
UNK: Hold it, I-I don't understand.
Marshall : Did we do something wrong or...?
UNK: Bank employee : You have quite a bit of debt.
Marshall : My student loans. Great.
Marshall : I thought we were friends.
Marshall : You know what, it's fine
Marshall : To penalize me for trying
Marshall : To get an education and build a career,
Marshall : But I will not let you deprive my beautiful wife
Marshall : Of her dream home just because I...
UNK: Bank employee : Okay, actually, it's because of your wife's credit card debt.
Robin : Oh, my god.
Lilly : Marshall, there's something I have to tell you,
Lilly : And I want you to hear it from me first.
UNK: Okay, so let me get this straight.
Robin : You just snuck this girl into some stranger's apartment?
Barney : Yeah, we spent the night.
Barney : Hey, look at you.
UNK: Ted gets out of the kitchen : Hey.
Girl : I'm wearing your bathrobe.
Girl : I hope you don't mind.
Barney : The only thing missing from that bathrobe
Barney : Are your initials.
Girl : My mom's gonna be in town next week.
UNK: Is it okay if she stays with us?
Barney : Only if she sleeps in the bed
Barney : And I sleep on the couch.