Marshall : Thank you, guys, for coming down here so quickly.
Ted : I've never been to this neighborhood.
Ted : Kind of thought this part of town was water.
Marshall : No, dude.
Marshall : This is dowisetrepla.
UNK: Dowisetrepla? Yeah.
Ted : Is that an abbreviation for something?
Marshall : He's from ohio.
Marshall : Dowisetrepla is the up-and- coming neighborhood. Oh.
UNK: I think this might be the place
Marshall : Where lily and I start a family.
Marshall : I can see it now.
UNK: Two, three, four.
Marshall : All right, bring it home, boys.
Lily : Sounds great, boys.
Lily : Who wants chocolate pancakes?
Boys : Thanks, mommy!
Marshall : Man...
Marshall : Life is gonna be sweet!
Robin : Oh, my god, lily, have you seen this kitchen?
Lily : I know. It's...
Lily : Isn't it amazing?
UNK: I just love it so... What the hell
Robin : Are you doing?
Robin : You can't buy this place.
Robin : Lily, you have a debt
Robin : The size of mount waddington!
Lily : Waddington?
Robin : It's the tallest mountain in canada.
Robin : It's like 4,000 meters high.
Lily : Meters?
Robin : Don't let marshall
Robin : Fall in love with this apartment.
Lily : I know, I know, I know, I know,
Lily : But what do I tell him?
UNK: I-I don't know, tell him, um,
Robin : Tell him you saw a ghost. Tell him it's haunted.
Lily : You really don't know marshall at all.
UNK: [The living room- Barney makes a sign to the estate agent]Barney : So, uh, the owners,
UNK: Where are they? Oh.
UNK: The estate agent : They're on vacation in France
UNK: For two of weeks. I see.
Barney : Between you and me,
Barney : I'm also interested in the apartment.
Barney : So is there any way I could
Barney : Come back later and check it out
UNK: While you're showing them other places?
UNK: The estate agent : The lockbox combination is
UNK: The estate agent : 1421.
UNK: And here is my card.
Ted : Are you serious?
UNK: You're trying to snake this apartment
Ted : Away from marshall and lily?
Barney : Ted, do you think
Barney : I have no morals whatsoever?
Barney : I simply want
Barney : To fool a girl into thinking this is my apartment
Barney : So I can nail her once and never have to see her again.
Barney : I'm not a monster.
UNK: The estate agent : Now, listen, I don't want to put a lot
UNK: The estate agent : Of pressure on you, but there is one other couple
UNK: That's expressed very serious interest.
Marshall : I see what you're doing here.
Marshall : "Another couple."
Marshall : That crap is page one out of the realtor's playbook.
Marshall : And we're not buying it.
Narrator : Is what marshall should have said.
Marshall : Another couple? No!
Marshall : We want it. Sell it to us.
Marshall : We'll give you so much more money.
Lily : Oh, marshall, can I talk to you?
Lily : Marshall, I just...
Lily : I don't know if now is the right time to buy.
Marshall : But we're not doing this for now,
Marshall : We're doing this for our future.
Marshall : Can't you imagine
Marshall : Starting a family here?
Lily : Oh, persephone!
Lily : Oh, daphne!
UNK: These'll be a perfect additions
Lily : To our upcoming mother-daughter exhibit at the met.
Marshall : Looks great, girls.
UNK: Who wants crêpes au chocolat?
UNK: Lily/girls : Merci, papa!
UNK: The estate agent : So... What do you guys think?
UNK: [The apartment -Barney/robin- They smoke a cigar and watch a catch game on tv]Together : Oh...
Lily : I love it, but, marshall,
Lily : I should have told you this a long time ago.
Lily : We can't afford to buy an apartment
Lily : Because I have too much credit card debt.
Lily : I am so sorry.
Narrator : Is what she should have said.
UNK: [Rewind] Marshall : I love it. Let's get it.
UNK: Lily to marshall : Can we charge it?
UNK: [The bar ]Ted : To lily and marshall
UNK: [The bar ]Ted : And their momentous step forward into adulthood.
All : Cheers.
UNK: Barney/ted/robin : Chug! Chug! Chug!
All : Chug! Chug! Chug! Drink it!
All : Yes! Well done. Nice! Yeah!
UNK: The waitress : Anything else?
UNK: Yes... I've been staring
Marshall : At that thing for years.