Barney : All right, ted.
Barney : Imagine the heads of two irish babies. Mmm.
Barney : Let's call them...
Barney : And...
Lily : Please stop!
Ted : When you get married,
UNK: You start outgrowing certain parts of your life.
Narrator : And for lily and marshall, those certain parts were,
Narrator : For the most part, me.
UNK: Aaaaahh!
UNK: Why would you come in?
UNK: You heard me shaving!
Lily : I thought you were shaving your face!
Ted : Well, clearly I wasn't!
UNK: [The apartment -Barney/robin- They smoke a cigar and watch a catch game on tv]Together : Oh! No, no!
UNK: Pay up! Ugh!
UNK: Hussy!
UNK: Guys. Hussy? What?
UNK: Robin alone : Guys,
UNK: It's 3 : 00 in the morning
UNK: And it reeks in here.
Robin : Ted said it was okay.
UNK: Ted gets out of the kitchen : Ah, hey, marshall.
UNK: Ted gets out of the kitchen : You're still up?
UNK: Ted gets out of the kitchen : Aren't you taking the bar tomorrow?
Narrator : Discontent was bubbling under the surface,
Narrator : Until one day...
Marshall : Ted!
Marshall : How many times
Marshall : Have I asked you to put the lid
Marshall : Back on the peanut butter jar?
UNK: It's this sort of inconsiderate,
Marshall : Immature jackassery that makes me feel
Marshall : Like I'm living in the real world house,
Marshall : And not the early years when they all had jobs
Marshall : And social consciences.
Marshall : I'm talking
Marshall : About hawaii and after!
Marshall : I can't take this anymore!
UNK: Ted, lily and I
UNK: Are married now!
UNK: It's time!
UNK: We're getting our own place!
UNK: Actually, I left the lid off.
UNK: Lily on the sofa : Sorry, baby.
Narrator : But still, it was time to move forward.
Narrator : So, they set out to find a new apartment to rent.
Marshall : Hey, here's one.
UNK: Pre-war building, recently renovated,
Marshall : Hardwood floors, tons of light,
UNK: Two bedroom, two bath.
Lily : Oh, yeah, but that one's not for rent.
Lily : It's for sale.
Marshall : Oh, right.
UNK: Kids, your uncle marshall always likes to say
UNK: That he had made three big mistakes in his life.
Narrator : This was the first.
UNK: Jump, you big chicken!
UNK: Jump! You afraidy cat!
UNK: Jump! Jump!
Narrator : This was the second.
UNK: [The apartment -Barney/robin- They smoke a cigar and watch a catch game on tv]Together : No!
Narrator : And this was the third and biggest.
UNK: We should buy a place!
Lily : What?
Marshall : Baby, real estate
Marshall : Is always a good investment.
Narrator : It's not.
Marshall : And the market is really hot right now.
NArrator : It wasn't.
Marshall : And because of my new job,
Marshall : We are in such a strong place financially.
Narrator : They weren't. Because lily had a secret.
Narrator : Hi.
Lily : My name is lily
Lily : And I'm a shopaholic.
UNK: Robin alone : Hi, lily.
UNK: Oh, you guys don't do that here?
UNK: Lily on the sofa : Sorry.
UNK: Robin alone : Proceed.
Lily : I buy designer clothes and accessories
Lily : That I can't afford.
UNK: I have 15 credit cards, and they're all maxed out.
Lily : And no one
Lily : Outside of this room, not even my husband, knows.
UNK: And I, I feel terrible
Lily : Because all I want to do right now is ask you
Lily : Where you got those shoes.
Lily : They're adorable.
UNK: We can't buy; we have debt.
Marshall : Yeah, I know,
UNK: My student loans are pretty big.
Lily : I forgive you.
Lily : What?
Barney : Well...
Lily : I'm just saying, as your wife, you know,
Lily : I'm cool that you spent tens of thousands of dollars
Lily : On a brand name law school.
UNK: Because I know it makes you feel good and pretty.
Marshall : Let's just go take a look at this place.
Lily : Where is it?
Marshall : Uh, it's in a neighborhood called...
Marshall : Dowisetrepla?
Marshall : Dowisetrepla.
UNK: [A building in Dowisetrepla- An appartment -Marshall/Lily/An estate agent]The estate agent : Oh, I see, you're not new yorkers.
UNK: Oh, actually we live on the upper west side, so...
UNK: No need to be embarrassed, listen,
UNK: Here in new york we just shorten the names
UNK: Of all the neighborhoods,
UNK: Soho, tribeca, nolita...
Marshall : Oh, right.
Marshall : Dowisetrepla.
UNK: No, I'm, I'm from new york.
Lily : I know this neighborhood.
UNK: I'm down with d-town.
UNK: The estate agent : Oh, well, nobody calls it d-town.
Marshall : Dowisetrepla
Marshall : Is the up-and-coming neighborhood.
UNK: The estate agent : And I have to tell you, for these prices,
UNK: The estate agent : You're not going to be able to find another...
Marshall : I'm, I'm gonna stop you right there.
UNK: Don't bother with the hard sell.
Marshall : This place is, is way out of our price range,
Marshall : And besides, we've only just started to looking.
Narrator : Is what marshall should have said.
Marshall : I'm gonna stop you right there.
UNK: I love it!
UNK: [Rewind] Marshall : Let's get it!