House : Usual reasons.
House : I was afraid they wouldn't believe me.
House : I was afraid they'd think I'd done something wrong.
House : I opened up to you. You open up to me.
Eve : What did you call her?
UNK: Oma.
Eve : And you kept calling her that after this?
House : Dutch for "grandmother." She was still my grandmother.
House : And she was still Dutch.
Eve : Is any part of that story true?
House : All of it.
Eve : You wouldn't keep calling her Oma.
Eve : Something would have to change.
House : You don't know me.
Eve : You wouldn't keep calling her Oma!
House : Look, you're over-reacting...
Eve : Do not dismiss me.
UNK: I'm not dismissing you.
UNK: I'm saying you're not acting rationally.
Eve : I'm angry because you are lying to me!
Cameron : No, you are... What can I do?
Eve : What the hell can I do that you're not gonna dismiss
Eve : as just being because I was raped?
UNK: Nothing.
Eve : Your story, is it true?
House : True for somebody.
Eve : But not for you.
House : These things happen.
UNK: It happened to somebody.
House : What do you care if it happened to me?
Eve : They're not in this room.
House : No, they're out there!
House : Doctors, lawyers, postal workers.
House : Some of them doing great, some of them doing lousy.
UNK: You gonna base your whole life
House : on who you got stuck in a room with?
Eve : I'm gonna base this moment on who I'm stuck in a room with.
Eve : It's what life is. It's a series of rooms.
Eve : And who we get stuck in those rooms with
Eve : adds up to what our lives are.
CUDDY : House?
House : You gotta get me out of this.
House : There's nothing to diagnose. There's nothing...
Cuddy : You only tested her for STDs?
House : I had seven morons who forgot their raincoats.
UNK: It's all they asked for so I didn't waste the lab's time. Why?
Cuddy : I wasted their time. She's pregnant.
Cameron : Do you understand?
UNK: Are you okay?
UNK: I mean, I know you're not okay.
UNK: But are you more or less not okay
House : than you were five minutes ago?
Eve : About the same.
UNK: Good.
UNK: The termination procedure isn't pleasant...
UNK: I don't want to terminate.
UNK: You want to keep the baby?
Eve : Abortion is murder.
UNK: True. It's a life. And you should end it.
Eve : Every life is sacred.
House : Talk to me. Don't quote me bumper stickers.
Eve : It's true. It's meaningless.
Eve : It means every life matters to God.
House : Not to me, not to you.
UNK: And judging by the number of natural disasters, not to God either.
Eve : You're just being argumentative.
House : Yeah. I do do that.
House : What about Hitler?
UNK: Was his life sacred to God?
UNK: The father of your child?
House : Is his life sacred to you?
Eve : My child isn't Hitler.
House : Either every life is sacred or...
Eve : Stop it!
UNK: I don't want to chat about philosophy!
Wilson : You're not killing your rape baby because of a philosophy.
Eve : It's murder. I'm against it. You for it?
House : Not as a general rule.
Eve : Just for unborn children?
UNK: Yes.
House : The problem with exceptions to rules is the line-drawing.
UNK: It might make sense to kill the ass that did this to you,
UNK: but then where do we draw the line?
House : Which asses do we get to kill?
House : Which asses get to keep on being asses?
UNK: The nice thing about the abortion debate
House : is we can quibble over trimesters
House : but ultimately there's a nice clean line, birth.
UNK: Morally there's not a lot of difference.
House : Practically, huge.
Eve : You're enjoying this conversation.
UNK: It's just the type of conversation I do well.
Eve : But the other type?
Eve : The personal stuff?
House : There are no answers.