Donna : He said he thought he was being watched.
Beckett : By who?
UNK: He would only say "by them." I thought he was imagining it.
Donna : I told him he needed to get help so it didn't become MIT all over again.
Castle : What happened at MIT?
Donna : Freshman year, Will had a breakdown.
Donna : He cracked under the pressure. That's why he left.
UNK: But if somebody killed him, then maybe he was being followed.
Beckett : Okay, here's a theory.
Beckett : What if Will had another breakdown?
Beckett : What if he imagined that the Devil was after him,
Beckett : and in his delusional state,
Beckett : he smashed up his apartment and impaled himself?
Beckett : I mean, I've seen guys on PCP do much worse.
Castle : Well, that still doesn't explain the attack on Talmadge,
Castle : the magical pool shot, or all the disappearing evidence.
Castle : No, something much bigger is going on here.
Ryan : You know, I think Castle may be right.
Ryan : I finally got in touch with Greenblatt Insurance.
Ryan : They say he is on the payroll, but as a remote employee.
Ryan : Greenblatt's only office is in Chicago, and Will's never been there.
Castle : But his neighbor said he saw him going to work every day.
Ryan : Yep. And his Greenblatt key card was with his house keys,
Ryan : and all scratched up. Worn.
Castle : So if Greenblatt doesn't have a New York office,
Castle : where was Will going every day?
Beckett : Sounds like Greenblatt Insurance is a front.
Beckett : Ryan, where is this key card now?
Ryan : Back at Will's apartment.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : We don't know if the Invisible Man is here right now.
Castle : Did the Invisible Man just goose you?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: I know. They're like that. So gauche.
UNK: Ugh.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Ooh.
Castle : That's pretty good. You're really selling the Invisible...
Esposito : This is... This is real! This is...
Castle : Touched it! Whatever it was, I touched it!
UNK: Castle!
UNK: He's going after the key card!
Castle : Ow! Ow! Ow!
Beckett : Are you okay?
Beckett : What was that?
UNK: That was him.
Castle : The Invisible Man is real!
Beckett : Yeah, well, whatever it...
UNK: That... Whatever it was,
Beckett : it just ran off with the only lead we have.
UNK: No. He ran off with my credit card.
Castle : I managed to hang onto the key card.
Castle : You don't think he's still here, do you?
Castle : You were attacked at a closed crime scene?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : By whom?
Beckett : We didn't get a good look at the assailant, sir.
Castle : Actually, we...
Gates : Yes, Mr. Castle?
Castle : It was dark, and we didn't see anything.
UNK: Do you know why this person was there?
Beckett : We believe they were after the victim's key card.
Gates : Why? Were they trying to gain access to some part of Will's life?
Castle : Or maybe they were covering their tracks
Castle : and don't want us to know what door that card opens.
Beckett : I've got CSU reprocessing the crime scene.
Beckett : They're looking for new prints,
UNK: and Tory is going to try to match the key card to, um, a security system.