UNK: So, Will's left-handed.
Beckett : Are you saying that Will destroyed his own apartment?
UNK: Wow.
Castle : Swinging a pool cue blindly to defend himself?
Castle : I'm telling you, it makes perfect sense!
Castle : What would you do if you were attacked
Castle : by an invisible, demonic force?
Beckett : I'd tell Ryan to lay off the bean burritos at lunch.
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan.
Ryan : So, you were right.
Ryan : Will's troubles may have followed him home from O'Neill's pool hall.
Ryan : I spoke with several witnesses,
UNK: who said that he got into an altercation there last week
Ryan : with an ex-con named Jiggy Michaels.
Beckett : How serious was the altercation?
Ryan : Well, Jiggy smashed a beer bottle, threatened to kill him.
Ryan : Several people had to hold him back.
Castle : That qualifies as serious.
Ryan : Apparently, Will hustled him out of 20 grand.
UNK: That's the exact same amount of money we found at his apartment.
Ryan : Plus, Jiggy has over a dozen priors, including multiple B and E's.
Ryan : He can get in and out undetected. They call him "The Ghost."
UNK: Wow. A real-world killer who can get in and out undetected.
Beckett : Now that makes perfect sense.
UNK: Jiggy Michaels : I want a lawyer.
Jiggy : This ain't my first rodeo.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Well, that is too bad, because a lawyer is gonna tell you not to talk.
UNK: Then how are you gonna explain to a grand jury
Esposito : that you threatened to kill a guy who hustled you,
Esposito : and then three days later he ended up dead?
UNK: As a second-story man for several crime outfits,
Ryan : you knew how to break into Fairwick's place.
Ryan : But when you couldn't find your money,
Ryan : you settled on revenge instead.
Esposito : Now, we've got a taxi receipt dropping you off at Chelsea last night,
Esposito : three blocks from Will's apartment.
Esposito : That's a long way from your place in Cypress Hills, Jiggy.
Jiggy : My boyfriend lives in Chelsea. I was with him all night.
Jiggy : And Will didn't hustle me, he cheated me.
UNK: Half a game in, that Cujo bet me double or nothing,
UNK: and cleared the rest of the table with a single shot.
Ryan : What are you talking about?
Jiggy : It was like that cue ball was possessed or something.
Jiggy : No one is that good or that lucky, so yeah, I got pissed.
Jiggy : But I didn't kill the guy. In fact,
Jiggy : Will tracked me down the next day
Jiggy : and offered to give the money back.
UNK: Really? Hmm.
UNK: He was just gonna pay you back $20,000,
Esposito : what, out of the kindness of his heart?
Jiggy : In exchange for some knowledge.
Ryan : That's some expensive knowledge. What'd you do for him?
Jiggy : I didn't do anything. We just talked.
Esposito : So what did Will want to know?
Jiggy : He wanted me to case a brownstone on the Upper East Side.
Ryan : That sounds like more than talking.
Jiggy : I don't do that stuff anymore.
Jiggy : Will just asked how he could break in himself.
Esposito : Why? What was so special about that brownstone?
Jiggy : I don't know, but it wasn't going to be easy.
UNK: I mean, place had the works.