Beckett : Why not?
UNK: Do you see that symbol there that... There.
Castle : It keeps repeating in the virus.
Castle : The one that isn't Chinese? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: It's a symbol.
Castle : Of the East Mountain Goblins from Terra Quest.
Beckett : Will's neighbor, Henry Wright.
Esposito : Unis went to Henry Wright's apartment. Found it cleaned out.
Esposito : Closet, dresser empty. Dude's gone.
Beckett : What have we found on him?
Esposito : Well, he's a serious hacker.
UNK: At 15, he cracked the city's power grid,
Esposito : didn't get scared straight until he was in his 20s.
Esposito : Now he's a sneaker,
Esposito : testing cyber defenses for Fortune 500 companies.
Beckett : Which means he had the skills necessary
Beckett : to launch a cyber-attack against Dr. Sarkov's lab.
Ryan : And he had another connection to this case.
UNK: Henry attended Caltech with, wait for it, assault victim Tom Talmadge.
Ryan : They were roommates.
Ryan : And this is the lawsuit that Henry filed against Talmadge,
Ryan : accusing him of stealing the code that he used to build Hytch.
Ryan : The court dismissed the case.
Castle : Costing Henry billions.
Castle : Sarkov said her lab hadn't cracked the cloaking technology,
Castle : but what if Will did with a little help from his neighbor, Henry?
Castle : And with a functioning suit,
UNK: Henry could have enlisted Will's help
Castle : to get revenge against Talmadge.
Ryan : But Henry still needed help defeating Talmadge's home security.
Ryan : Invisibility doesn't defeat thermal or pressure systems.
Beckett : So they hustled Jiggy while Henry
Beckett : was wearing that invisibility suit.
Beckett : Henry was the one that was moving the cue ball around the table.
Castle : And perhaps once Henry realized the power of the suit,
Castle : he set his sights on Will, making sure
Castle : that power would never be taken away.
Ryan : Okay, how do we find this kid?
Castle : We don't. The guy's a high-level hacker.
UNK: He's got a new ID and is out of the country by now.
UNK: He'll trade on his skills and live like a king.
Castle : Actually, he's already living like a king.
Castle : And that's how we're gonna find him.
UNK: Game Narrator : Welcome to Terra Quest. Adventure awaits.
Castle : All right.
Castle : The East Mountain Goblin army is attacking from the base of Mt. Orr.
Castle : Which means their king will be leading them into battle.
Castle : There he is! That's Henry.
UNK: Ooh!
Castle : Where did he get a falchion sword?
Castle : That's, like, plus 90 conquest points!
Beckett : Can you get a lock on that avatar
Beckett : and see if you can trace the location where Henry logged in?
Tory : I think so.
UNK: And I will join the battle and slow him down.
Castle : I thought underground gaming dens were just legend.
Castle : Yeah, well, I thought the Invisible Man wasn't real.
UNK: - Good job! - There he is!
Beckett : Henry, stop! Stop!
Beckett : Stop him!
UNK: Stop!
Castle : Who's got the falchion sword now?
Henry : I didn't murder Will, all right? He was my friend.
Beckett : Then why did you run, Henry?
Beckett : Look, we know that you went after Tom Talmadge,
Beckett : you were behind the cyber-attack
Beckett : that brought down a government lab.
Beckett : And then you cleaned out your apartment and you disappeared.
UNK: Because I was afraid that they would come after me next.
UNK: Who?
Henry : The same people who killed Will, all right?
Henry : If they found out that I knew...
Beckett : That you knew what?
Beckett : You helped him, didn't you?
Beckett : You helped him build a working suit.
Henry : Will came to me with an out-there idea.
UNK: And he wanted to adopt nature's camouflage to metamaterials,