Castle : You collapsed the foam.
Beckett : So, I called Will's place to pull security cam footage from the hallway again,
Beckett : and all the files have been erased.
Beckett : The doorman swears that no one has been in the security room
Beckett : since NYPD left the crime scene.
Castle : No one, or someone he couldn't see?
Castle : Beckett, it fits all the facts.
Castle : The attack on Talmadge by an unseen force,
Castle : the missing evidence, the haunted cue ball.
Castle : Even Will's murder.
Beckett : Castle, stop! There is no such thing as the Invisible Man.
UNK: But something's going on, and Will is at the center of it.
Beckett : - Hey, Espo! - Yo.
Beckett : What else have we found on Will Fairwick?
Esposito : Well, Ryan's still trying to get in touch with his employer,
Ryan : Greenblatt Insurance,
UNK: and Tory's in there trying to crack his electronics.
Esposito : Apparently, Will had some heavy encryption on his hardware.
Castle : That seems a little unnecessary
Castle : for someone in the insurance industry.
Esposito : Yeah, but I just got his phone records from his wireless carrier.
Esposito : And dude didn't talk much, except to this one number, right here.
Esposito : He traded dozens of calls with it over the past six weeks,
Esposito : and he didn't ever call it before then.
Castle : Looks like they spoke nearly every day.
Beckett : Who owns that number?
Esposito : It's registered to a Ms. Donna Brooks.
UNK: Says here that she's a marine biology professor at Hudson U.
Beckett : What's he doing, talking to a biology professor?
UNK: I hadn't heard from him in a few days.
UNK: Donna Brooks : I was worried, but I never imagined this.
UNK: Donna Brooks : I can't believe he's dead.
Beckett : Donna, I know this is hard, but how do you know Will?
Donna : Um, I guess you could say we were dating.
Donna : He reached out on Facebook a couple months ago.
Donna : I hadn't seen him since we first dated, back at MIT.
Castle : An anarchist pool shark attended MIT?
Donna : He was always a rebel, and the smartest student in our class.
Beckett : Why did he get back in touch?
Donna : Will dropped out after only a semester,
Donna : so he wanted to talk about finishing his degree,
Donna : enrolling here at Hudson.
Donna : It was crazy. After all that time,
Donna : the spark was still there between us.