UNK: Kate Beckett : You want to do something tonight?
UNK: Richard Castle : Sure, if you want.
UNK: Sure.
Castle : Like what?
UNK: We could, um, go watch a movie.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, if you want to.
UNK: Well, not if you don't want to.
Castle : No. If you want to, I want to.
Beckett : You know what? We've watched a lot of
UNK: movies over the past couple of weeks.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So, maybe we could, you know, if you wanted...
Castle : If I wanted to what?
Beckett : I mean, we could try something else tonight.
Castle : Something else, as in...
Beckett : Yeah, I mean, we haven't since...
UNK: Yeah, well, given everything that's happened,
UNK: I thought you just... You weren't...
UNK: Ready.
Beckett : I thought that you weren't ready.
Castle : I'm ready. I'm...
UNK: I...
Castle : I'm so ready.
Beckett : Well, I'm ready, too. Like, I'm really ready.
Castle : Okay. Well, then what are we waiting for?
UNK: Well...
UNK: What?
Castle : You promise?
Beckett : Yes, we'll pick up where we left off.
Beckett : I'll even slip into that Valentine's Day gift you got me.
Castle : You mean the one with... Mmm-hmm.
Castle : With the... Yep.
UNK: Ooh.
Castle : Is that a pool cue through his chest?
Castle : Guess we don't have to ask how he died.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Inferior vena cava was punctured. He bled out in minutes.
UNK: And when did that happen?
UNK: The couple in the unit downstairs
UNK: heard a struggle at 7 : 50 and called 911.
UNK: They said it sounded like a hell of a fight.
UNK: Victim's name is William Fairwick, he was 25.
Beckett : What else do we know about him?
Esposito : Other than his taste in anarchy tattoos and satanic design?
Esposito : Not much yet. His laptop and phone were both password-protected.
Martha : So sorry. Subway took forever.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Bro, you're supposed to be on call.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Why do you smell like a wino?
Ryan : Oh, I was at dinner with Jenny
Ryan : and someone spilled a drink on me as I rushed out.
UNK: Beckett. Yeah?
Castle : The debris from this breakage goes from left to right.
Beckett : So whoever did it was left-handed.
Esposito : Most likely invited.
Esposito : All the doors and windows were locked from the inside,
Esposito : and despite the wreckage, there's no sign of forced entry.
Beckett : Was anything stolen?
Esposito : Uh, none of the obvious valuables,
Esposito : but I did find this stashed in the back of his sock drawer.
UNK: It's $20,000 in cash. Could be what the killer was looking for.
UNK: It's pretty risky leaving it here.
UNK: What'd this guy do for a living?
Ryan : Hey, check it out, I found his work ID.
Ryan : It says here, "Greenblatt Insurance."
Ryan : I'll track it down, see if it has any relevance.
UNK: Henry Wright : Oh, my God! Will?
UNK: Henry Wright : What happened?
Henry : Yeah, we've been neighbors for two years.
Henry : We play video games after work sometimes.
Henry : I was just seeing if he was around.
Beckett : Were you here all night, Henry?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So, did you hear anything?
Henry : Sorry, I've been laying siege to the Fortress of Kobald all night.
Castle : From Terra Quest?
Castle : What are you, a wily Westland Ghoul? Menacing South River Orc?
UNK: Oh! East Mountain Goblin.
Henry : I'm their king, actually.
UNK: Respect.
Beckett : Anyway, back to the real world.
Beckett : So, did Will exhibit any odd behavior recently?
UNK: No, it's pretty much the same routine.
Henry : I mean, he'd go to work in the morning, come home at night.
Beckett : Okay, did he talk about any of his other friends?
Beckett : Was he having troubles with anyone?
UNK: We didn't talk much about real-life stuff. It's mainly just Terra Quest.
Henry : But if he was having a problem,
Henry : it probably had something to do with how he made his money.
Beckett : At Greenblatt Insurance?
UNK: Claim adjuster. That was just his day job.
Henry : He was making a fortune every night over at Chelsea Billiards.
Henry : Guy was a pool hustler.
Beckett : That explains the cold, hard cash we found in his sock drawer.
Castle : And the pool cue we found in his chest.
UNK: Fats Shepherd : Yeah, Will worked my tables.
UNK: He was the best I ever seen. Knew all the angles.
Beckett : Anyone he took for money ever have a problem with him?
Shepherd : Sure, but Will mostly hustled Wall Street tools for 10 bills a game.
Shepherd : Losing a grand here and there is chump change for them.
Shepherd : None of those guys would ever kill Will over a bet.
Castle : But there are guys that would?
Shepherd : Will always worked the upscale clubs like mine, where it's safe
Shepherd : to take money off the clientele.
UNK: But recently I'd heard that he started hustling out in Brooklyn,
UNK: at O'Neill's.
Shepherd : That place is full of felons and lowlifes.
Beckett : Any idea why he decided to move his game up there?
Shepherd : Well, it wasn't for the money. I mean, he was cleaning up here.
Esposito : But, uh...
Shepherd : What people say and do