Ryan : when he was arrested for bringing a backpack bomb
Ryan : into a global energy conference here in Manhattan.
Beckett : And what was his motive?
UNK: Well, at the time, the authorities linked him to a radical Eco group
Esposito : that was protesting the conference.
Ryan : According to his file, he's some kind of anti-science nut job.
UNK: They found lots of Unabomber-style notebooks on him, decrying
UNK: the "destruction of the rightful Kingdom of God by science and technology."
Beckett : What's his connection to Doyle?
UNK: Nada.
UNK: What do you mean, "nada"? Guys, come on, it's so obvious.
Castle : Look, Ward is the guy that Doyle was sent back in time to stop, okay?
Castle : Ward was sent back in time on some history-altering mission
Castle : that he failed to accomplish, ending up in prison.
Castle : Six years later, he's trying to complete that mission.
Castle : Which is why Doyle has been sent back to now,
Castle : because now is when the timeline changed.
Beckett : Well, I was thinking that maybe Ward and Doyle
Beckett : knew each other in the non-crazy world.
Beckett : Like, perhaps that Eco group that Ward was supposedly a part of.
UNK: Okay. Not as fun.
Beckett : But why would an anti-science nut torture and murder a parole officer?
Beckett : I mean, what's her connection to any of this?
Ryan : We still haven't found one.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go back in time
Beckett : and see if you can dig up any of Ward's known associates from six years ago?
Beckett : Castle and I will look into his case records,
Beckett : see if we can find a connection between him and Shauna Taylor,
Beckett : or perhaps figure out what his unfinished business was.
UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
CASTLE : No, Alexis, I do trust you. I'm just saying
Castle : deciding to share an apartment with someone you met
Castle : on a banana plantation a month ago
Castle : just doesn't strike me as the smartest decision you've ever made.
UNK: Alexis?
UNK: DIAL TONE
Castle : She hung up on me.
UNK: Hmm?
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : Maybe I shouldn't have said that stuff about the bananas.
UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
UNK: Um...