Esposito : No question he's our guy.
UNK: Yeah, no kidding.
Simon : You're making a huge mistake!
UNK: - BECKETT : Castle? - Yeah.
Beckett : For the sake of our future,
Beckett : please tell me you don't believe that guy.
UNK: Oh, no. But you got to admit, it's a great story.
UNK: Really? Thought it was kind of derivative.
UNK: Yeah, like a mash-up of Twelve Monkeys
Esposito : - and Terminator. - Mmm.
Castle : Yeah, but it's the way he told it. Total commitment.
BECKETT : Commitment that turned deadly.
Beckett : I mean, to maintain his delusion, Shauna had to die.
Beckett : He might not even know that he killed her.
Castle : Did you guys find out what this device was Doyle had on him?
Ryan : Yeah, Tech says it's just a bunch of junk thrown together.
ESPOSITO : What were you expecting, Castle?
Esposito : Time travel device? Doctor Who's sonic screwdriver?
UNK: You watch Doctor Who?
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Oh, that's Lanie. Okay, we'll hit the morgue.
Beckett : Why don't you guys time travel over to your desks
Beckett : and let the DA know that we got our killer?
Lanie : He's not your killer.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Lanie : I mean, time of death was between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
Lanie : Doyle wasn't released from psychiatric hold until 4 : 00 a.m. It can't be him.
Beckett : No, it has to be him.
Beckett : He was stalking her and he was at the crime scene.
Lanie : Yeah, hours after she was dead.
Lanie : In fact, time of death was probably closer to 1 : 00 a.m.
Castle : - How can you tell that? - Her watch.
UNK: It stopped at 12 : 58,
UNK: probably from one of the electric shocks.
UNK: May I? WHISPERS 12 : 58.
UNK: NORMAL VOICE Did you just get a chill?
UNK: No, Castle, I didn't just get a chill. Do you wanna know why?
UNK: Because Doyle was at that crime scene,
UNK: and he had plenty of time to change her watch to fit his delusional story.
UNK: And just because he wasn't there when she was being murdered,
UNK: it doesn't mean he's not involved somehow.
Lanie : There's something else.
Lanie : Shauna was with someone the night she was killed.
Lanie : Once I cleaned the blood from the body, I saw these on her neck.