UNK: That's not "Deschile." Um... It's "Deschile."
UNK: He wasn't looking for "the child," he was looking for "Deschile."
UNK: Who the hell's Paul Deschile?
RYAN : He's a 21-year-old student at Hudson
Ryan : getting his post-doc in theoretical physics.
Esposito : All right, get him into protective custody.
Ryan : He's on leave this semester. The university has no idea where he is.
Ryan : Still trying to look for his parents...
Doyle : Detective, it's him! Deschile!
Beckett : You know him?
Doyle : Of course I know him. Everyone knows him.
Doyle : Oh, man, if he's killed...
UNK: Yeah, okay. I'll call you back. Doyle, sit down!
Doyle : No wonder billions of people die!
Castle : Okay, who the hell is Paul Deschile?
Doyle : The energy wars, all right? I told you about the other side.
Doyle : A group of fascists, they were worse than the Nazis.
Doyle : They were slaughtering people by the tens of thousands, okay?
Doyle : They were winning, until Deschile.
Doyle : He and his team, they created an energy shield, okay?
Doyle : It was able to stop their weapons. It completely turned the tide.
Doyle : Detective, listen to me. Ward is still obviously fighting for the fascists!
UNK: They're trying to win the war by re-writing history.
Doyle : And if he kills Deschile, there will be no energy shield!
Doyle : And without that energy shield, we lose that war!
UNK: Ward's gonna kill Deschile and that is why billions of people die!
Beckett : Okay, you know what? We don't have time for this.
Beckett : Take him to holding, please.
Doyle : Fine, we don't have time. You're correct, okay?
Doyle : Forget everything I said.
Doyle : Forget about time travel, forget about wars, none of that matters!
Doyle : All that matters is Deschile! You understand me?
Doyle : You keep him alive! He cannot die!
UNK: No, Deschile. Yeah, Paul Deschile.
UNK: No, wait. Please, don't put me on hold.
UNK: Anything?
UNK: Esposito got a hold of his parents in Oregon.
Beckett : They think he's staying with a friend in the city,
Beckett : which is who I'm holding for now.
Castle : You don't think any of this could possibly be real, do you?
Beckett : I don't know, Castle.
Beckett : But I have no intention of letting this kid die.
Beckett : Yes, hi, this is Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: I'm trying to get a hold of a Paul Deschile.