Castle : This place shut down in 2010. You really think he'd come back here?
Beckett : You can stay in the car if you're too scared.
Castle : Alone? At an abandoned power plant? No, thank you.
Castle : Maybe we should put something in our vows
Castle : about following each other into creepy places.
CASTLE : I'm just saying, energy wars, a soldier from the future,
Castle : everything seems to support Doyle's story.
Castle : Aren't you weirded out by all this?
BECKETT : Why would I be weirded out?
Beckett : Ward's just another paranoid schizophrenic.
Beckett : No different than Ted Kaczynski or Mark David Chapman.
Castle : Then how do you explain Doyle?
UNK: Oh, probably another crazy who got caught up in his delusion.
Beckett : He and Ward must know each other somehow.
UNK: Castle, someone's been here.
UNK: COCKS GUN
UNK: Don't, don't...
Beckett : - It's him. Come on. - Where are you going?
Beckett : Call for backup.
Castle : Good idea.
UNK: BECKETT GRUNTS
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: OBJECTS CRASHING
UNK: BEEPING
Esposito : - Hey! - CASTLE GRUNTING
UNK: PANTING
Doyle : - Damn it! - CASTLE : Beckett?
DOYLE : Hey. Hey.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Ow! GRUNTS
UNK: Okay. GRUNTS
Castle : How'd you find us?
Doyle : I didn't. I was tracking Ward.
Castle : You said you didn't know him, but he recognized you.
UNK: No. He recognized this, okay?
UNK: - This is a tracking beacon. - A what?
Doyle : All I have to do is touch him with it,
Doyle : our scientists can pull him...
UNK: Drop your weapon, hands in the air.
Simon : - SIGHS - DEVICE WHIRRING AND BEEPING
UNK: Okay, easy.
UNK: Okay.
Doyle : Detective, the gun is really not necessary.
Beckett : The hell it isn't.
Beckett : How did you get out of holding? And how are you involved?
UNK: You know how, okay? You just don't wanna believe me.
Doyle : But trust me, Detective, we're on the same side.
UNK: DOYLE SIGHS
Doyle : You do realize I just saved your life, right?
UNK: Yeah, this is Detective Beckett. I've got a suspect at large.
UNK: I'm gonna need patrol sweeps of the area,
UNK: along with a full CSU team at the scene.
Doyle : Real charmer, that one. I can't believe you marry her.
Castle : How did you know I marry her?
Doyle : One of your book jackets, you know, "Richard Castle lives in New York
UNK: "with his wife Senator Beckett and their three children."
Doyle : - Senator? - Three kids?
DOYLE : Yeah. It was kind of hard for me to believe myself,
Doyle : given all the crazy stuff that goes on between you along the way.
Castle : Crazy stuff? What stuff?
Doyle : - You kidding me? She... - I'll call you back.
UNK: BEEPS
Doyle : No, I shouldn't say. I shouldn't say.
Doyle : I can tell you, though, that I'm really glad
Doyle : you stopped writing those stupid mystery books, okay?
Doyle : Because your serious literature is so much better.
Castle : I write serious literature? Beckett, you hear that?
UNK: SIGHS Yeah, I heard. And I'm the President of Fantasyland.
UNK: No, it was, it was Senator, actually. It was Senator.
Doyle : But not if Ward changes the future, do you understand me?
Castle : Yeah, but didn't the time stream already change with Wickfield's murder?
Doyle : No, no. Wickfield's death was a minor disruption.
Castle : But all the work he was doing.
Doyle : Never amounted to anything. No, he wound up a footnote in history.
Doyle : According to our calculations, the big event,
UNK: whatever it is, it hasn't happened yet.
Castle : - Then why was Ward after him? - I don't know.
Doyle : You said he was looking for a child, right?
Castle : - Well, he had... - BECKETT : Castle.
Beckett : He's our suspect! Could you please not discuss details of our case with him?
Beckett : Maybe you could come over here and help me look through this stuff.
Beckett : We might find a clue as to
UNK: - who Ward's next victim's gonna be. - MOUTHING
UNK: LOWERED VOICE For your information,
Castle : I wasn't sharing details of the case.
Castle : I was playing into his delusion to see what he knew.
Castle : Look at this.
Beckett : This is a photograph of an old letter addressed to Malcolm Wickfield.
Beckett : It's dated six years ago.
Castle : Looks like it's from a high school student
Castle : asking to see him speak at that energy conference.
Castle : Why would Ward have this?
Beckett : I don't know. It's only the first page.
Beckett : There's no name or signature.
Beckett : But look at the words Ward circled.
UNK: "Brooklyn," "P. S. 311,"
UNK: "state award last year for my physics project."
Beckett : Each one's a clue as to the letter writer's identity.
UNK: Ward must've been after him.
Castle : Do you think this is the child that Ward is looking for?
Beckett : Mr. Doyle, do you know who he is?
Doyle : No. No, I've never seen him before.
Doyle : But if Ward's targeting him, there must be a reason.
Castle : Why would Ward be after a high school student?
UNK: I don't know. We gotta find him first.
CASTLE : Yeah, but no name, and only these clues to go on?
Castle : It could take days.
Doyle : Hey, can I make a suggestion?
UNK: Ward, you know, he was working off of a photo of the letter, right?
Doyle : So, perhaps the easier path is to ask,
UNK: "Where is the original?"
Doyle : It's bound to have the kid's name and address.
UNK: MRS. WICKFIELD : A letter from six years ago?
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : Good thing most geniuses are pack rats.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : I kept trying to get him to throw some of this stuff out but he never would.
UNK: Um, let me see that picture again.
Esposito : All right.
RYAN : You're sure you've never seen the kid before?
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : No, but, uh, Malcolm was very encouraging to students,
UNK: so it's a possibility that he knew him.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : Wait a minute.
UNK: Here.
Esposito : - That's it. - EXHALES
UNK: It was written by some kid named Paul Deschile.
RYAN : Wait a second, no.