Castle : Okay, Ward.
Beckett : Whatever you thought you were doing,
Beckett : it's over.
UNK: - CASTLE : What'd he say? - Nothing.
Castle : No apocalyptic visions?
Castle : No nightmarish warnings of dire things to come?
Beckett : Whatever delusions he has in his head, he is keeping them to himself.
Castle : Well, if nothing Doyle said was true, why else would Ward target Deschile?
ESPOSITO : I think we can answer that.
UNK: Paul Deschile : I'm the one who alerted security to Ward's behavior
UNK: Paul Deschile : at the energy conference six years ago.
UNK: Paul Deschile : They stopped him because of me.
Esposito : It looks like this was all just about revenge.
Paul : I'm just sorry it cost Dr. Wickfield his life.
Paul : You know, the talk he gave at that conference rocked my world.
Paul : And if it wasn't for him, I'd probably be doing
Paul : something completely different with my life.
Esposito : Come on, man, I'll walk you out.
Beckett : So, there is a simple explanation after all.
Castle : Yes. Now we know why Ward tried to bomb that conference.
Doyle : To kill Deschile.
Castle : See, in the future, when the famous Deschile would give interviews,
UNK: he'll say that's where it all started.
Castle : Consequently, Ward will know exactly where
Castle : and when to find him.
Beckett : You're trying to drive me crazy, aren't you?
Castle : Well, apparently I already do, if we end up with three kids.
DOYLE : Would you like to know their names?
Castle : - Yes! - No!
Beckett : Doyle, what are you doing out?
UNK: Well, you said that I had the right to an attorney
UNK: and he said that you couldn't keep me anymore.
Beckett : What about your psych eval?
UNK: Oh, please. You kidding me? I passed that with flying colors.
UNK: But you should've heard the crazy stuff coming out of my mouth.
Doyle : Growing up in Denver, middle-class family.
Beckett : I mean, I haven't lied that much in years.
Simon : - But, I... - Now, now, Detective, don't be upset.
Doyle : Because of you, billions of people are alive.
Doyle : Because of you, future generations are safe.
Beckett : I don't care what you say, Doyle.
Beckett : There's a connection between you and Ward,
Beckett : and it has nothing to do with time travel.
UNK: And I'm gonna find out what it is.
Doyle : Okay, good luck.
Doyle : Because before yesterday, I had never even met Ward.
RYAN : That's not entirely true.
Ryan : I went back through Ward's incarceration file.
Ryan : Before his trial, he spent two weeks in a psychiatric ward
Ryan : being evaluated by the State.
Ryan : In the next room was another patient, a John Doe.
Ryan : I had them pull his photo.
Beckett : And there's the connection.
UNK: No, no, no. That's ridiculous. 'Cause I have never ever...
Doyle : Oh, wow, that's really clever.
Castle : What? What's clever?
UNK: That's me. Right?
UNK: - But I just... I haven't done it yet. - RYAN CLEARS THROAT
Doyle : Don't you see?
UNK: Now that they know who Ward is and where he's gonna be,
UNK: they're gonna send me back to make contact with him,
UNK: find out who he works for, if they're planning anything else.
Doyle : It's perfect.
Doyle : Oh, wow, I don't have much time left.
UNK: Um... I don't know, see you in 20 years.
UNK: CHUCKLES Is it just me, or does that make sense?
Ryan : No, it's just you.
UNK: Ooh! He forgot his little doohickey there.
UNK: SIGHS