Beckett : did she say anything that would indicate she was in trouble?
UNK: Yeah, when we talked about a week ago.
Malcolm : She said she thought someone might be stalking her.
Malcolm : She kept seeing this guy wherever she went, watching her.
UNK: Javier Esposito : One of her parolees?
Malcolm : No. She said she didn't recognize him.
UNK: She thought maybe she was just being paranoid.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : So according to Shauna's supervisor,
Beckett : all of her parolees were non-violent offenders,
UNK: and none of them look like this sketch that we took off the neighbor,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : or match prints that CSU got from the crime scene.
Beckett : So it's quite possible this had nothing to do with her job?
Castle : Then why torture her? What could the killer want?
Ryan : What, Castle, no crazy theories?
Beckett : Oh, he's got bigger issues.
UNK: His daughter's moving in. With a boy.
Ryan : And you're letting her?
Castle : Well, apparently the only way to stop her is locking her up.
Castle : But according to Miss By-The-Book here,
Castle : that's unlawful imprisonment.
Esposito : Hey, caught a break on that stalker.
Esposito : Couple of nights ago, Shauna filed a harassment complaint.
Esposito : Apparently, three days ago a guy confronted Shauna
Esposito : on her way home from work.
Esposito : Said the lives of half the people on the planet were at stake.
Castle : Whatever crazy theory I could've come up with, this is better.
Esposito : She managed to get away and ducked inside her building,
UNK: but when she looked out her window, he was still out there waiting for her,
Esposito : so she called the cops.
Beckett : - Did they pick him up? - Yeah.
Esposito : He didn't have an ID and he was pretty much off his rocker,
Esposito : so they put him on a 72-hour psych hold.
Esposito : He was released early this morning.
Esposito : They were never able to ID him, but check it out.
BECKETT : Get over to the psych ward, pull his records.
Beckett : We need to find out who he is.
UNK: Simon Doyle : You do not understand. We are running out of time.
UNK: Simon Doyle : I need to get out of here. You have to let me go!
UNK: DR. HAVER : And why do you feel you need to go?
Simon : Come on, I told you!
UNK: - She is in danger! - Who's in danger?
UNK: You're not even listening to me. Shauna Taylor.
UNK: All I know is 12-58. That is all they told me, okay?
UNK: That is how it starts,
UNK: and if I am not there to stop it, we are all dead!
UNK: Do you understand me? Dead!
UNK: Somebody has to let me out of here, all right?
UNK: Listen to me! I need to save her!
UNK: You think by "save" he meant "kill"?
Castle : Because it sounds to me like he really didn't want her to die.
Beckett : He's mentally ill. He may not know the difference.
UNK: 12-58, what do you think that means?
Castle : Time, address, Bible verse?
Beckett : - Or maybe it's random numbers... - CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : from a disturbed mind.
UNK: BEEPS
UNK: Either way, we gotta find him.
Castle : The guy's a John Doe.
Castle : He's got no ID, no address, could be homeless.
Castle : Where do we even start?
UNK: We put out a BOLO, get his info to every hospital,
Beckett : precinct and psych ward in the city.
UNK: I'll send out his pictures to shelters and soup kitchens.
Esposito : See if we can get lucky.
Ryan : I think we just did. That was our victim's neighbor.
Ryan : He just saw our John Doe breaking back into Shauna's apartment.
UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
UNK: BEEPING
RYAN : NYPD! Show us your hands right now!
ESPOSITO : NYPD!
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: No, no, no! Let me go! You don't know what you're doing!
Beckett : We know exactly what we're doing.
UNK: JOHN DOE : Please, listen to me, don't do this.
Simon : Please. You have to let me go. If you don't, a billion people will die!
UNK: Yeah? How are they gonna die?
Pi : I don't know. I only know that they do. GRUNTS
Esposito : Yeah? And how's that?
Simon : - Because I'm from the future. - HANDCUFFS CLINK
UNK: WHISPERS This just became my favorite case.
UNK: So, future, huh?
Simon : That's right.
Beckett : Okay, so, why don't we just start with something simple, like your name?
UNK: Why does everybody wanna know my name?
UNK: I mean, who cares? It doesn't matter.
Beckett : - Humor me. - Fine.
Simon : You can call me Simon. Simon Doyle.
Castle : And what year are you from exactly?
Simon : - 2035. - Castle.
Castle : Don't tell me you weren't wondering.
Beckett : No, what I was actually wondering was,
Beckett : what were you doing in Shauna Taylor's apartment?
Simon : Same thing you were, I expect. Looking for her killer.
Beckett : Except all the evidence points to you.
Simon : Detective, it was my job to prevent her murder.
Simon : Ipso facto, QED, I am not her killer.
Simon : Point in fact, she was never even supposed to die, okay?
Simon : But because she has,
Simon : a chain of events has started, that if I do not stop...
Castle : - Billions of people will die. - That's exactly right.
Simon : Look, after the bloody energy wars of 2031,
Simon : we finally managed to cultivate new sources of power.
Simon : Energy wars?
UNK: Yeah. Neo-fascists come to power,
Simon : try to control the world's energy supply for a select few.
UNK: But, don't worry, we defeat them.
UNK: Turns out that one of these new sources of power is a tachyon generator,
Simon : it lets us open doors in the time stream continuum,
Simon : allowing us to travel back in time.
Simon : But of course, because of the possibility of abuse,
Simon : it was tightly regulated and kept as a secret from the public.
Beckett : We have a witness that saw you
Beckett : leaving Shauna Taylor's apartment shortly after she was killed and...