UNK: DEVICE WHIRRING
Beckett : Is that lipstick?
LANIE : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : She was with a woman.
UNK: You guys, Shauna's stepbrother confirms she was gay,
Beckett : but he's sure she wasn't seeing someone.
Ryan : There's nothing in her phone records that would indicate a girlfriend.
Ryan : However I did find a charge to her credit card for the night that she died.
ESPOSITO : Georgia's Bar.
Esposito : It's right around the corner from her apartment.
Esposito : Looks like she was buying for two.
BECKETT : Could be our killer.
Beckett : Okay, you guys get over there.
Beckett : See if she was seen with anyone or noticed anything out of the ordinary.
Beckett : I will call the DA. If we can't charge Doyle with murder,
Beckett : maybe I can get him held with a departmental psych eval
Beckett : until we have some answers.
WOMAN : Yeah. Shauna was here.
Bartender : Why, did something happen to her?
Ryan : Was she with anyone that night?
Bartender : Yeah. It was odd.
UNK: The chick she was hanging with was a pro.
Esposito : You mean, like a hooker?
Bartender : Yeah, I bartend weekends down at the Standish.
Bartender : Chick's a regular in their lounge, targeting upscale men.
UNK: You ever seen her down here before?
UNK: Uh-uh.
Bartender : I don't know if she was working or what,
Bartender : but she and Shauna seemed pretty cozy.
Bartender : They left together.
Ryan : You know her name?
Bartender : Veronica. Go up to the Standish. She'll be hard to miss.
UNK: SCOFFS Your witnesses are confused. I don't go to Georgia's. Not my scene.
Beckett : Well, we have security camera footage
Beckett : that shows the two of you leaving there together.
UNK: Wanna try again?
Veronica : Okay, I left with her. I like a little variety.
Beckett : And what happened after you left the bar?
Beckett : Did you go to her place?
Veronica : How is that your business?
UNK: Because she's dead.
Beckett : Killed in her apartment last night.
RYAN : We found lipstick marks on her neck.
UNK: When we test them, whose DNA do you think we're gonna find?
UNK: GASPS This wasn't me. I didn't do this.
Beckett : You were with her that night.
Veronica : - But only because I was paid to be. - By who?
Veronica : Some guy. He hired me to come on to her.
Castle : - Why? - He wanted me to get in her place
Veronica : and steal her keys.
UNK: I didn't know he was gonna kill her.
BECKETT : Is this the guy?
UNK: No.
UNK: This guy was way more intense, scary.
Beckett : - Who is he? - I don't know. I didn't wanna know.
Veronica : I just did what I had to and I got out of there.
UNK: If you didn't know him, why'd you agree to take the job?
Veronica : Because I had no choice. Mick, my manager, said I had to.
Veronica : He said this guy was a friend of his.
CASTLE : So if we are gonna find this scary guy,
Castle : shouldn't we be tracking down this manager?
Ryan : Don't have to. We had Veronica call him
Ryan : and tell him she's been busted for solicitation.
Ryan : He thinks he's coming in to bail her out.
Beckett : So, how's our time traveler?
Esposito : He's still sticking to his story.
Esposito : Keeps checking his watch, saying he's about to be recalled.
UNK: Hmm. Well, it's not a total waste. I did get some excellent stock tips.
Beckett : Well, don't invest just yet.
Beckett : Once we find out who hired Veronica, then we'll know how Doyle's involved.
UNK: Detective Beckett? Dr. Silverman. Here for a psych eval on Simon Doyle.
Beckett : He's right back there.
UNK: SIGHS
Silverman : Right back where?
Castle : What the...
UNK: Where is he? Where did he go?
Castle : Not where.
UNK: When.
Castle : I'm just saying, what if he was telling the truth
UNK: and he really was recalled back to the future?
UNK: He wasn't recalled back to the future. Do you know how I know that?
Beckett : Because he's not a time traveler.
Castle : Okay. So where is he?
Beckett : Simple explanation?
UNK: There was a mix-up with the paperwork when his charges were dropped,
Beckett : and some desk monkey accidentally let him go.
Beckett : And now they are all trying to cover their asses.
UNK: That's reasonable.
Castle : It's unlikely, but it's reasonable.
Esposito : Yo, any luck finding Doyle?
Beckett : - No. Not yet. - Hmm.
Esposito : Is that Veronica's manager?
UNK: Yeah. Mick Linden. Just came in. We're about to lower the boom.
Beckett : You need a hand?
Esposito : Nah. We got it.
Esposito : Wouldn't want you to lose him, too.
RYAN : Here's your situation, Mick.
Ryan : Your girl Veronica says she stole the victim's keys for a friend of yours.
Ryan : That makes you an accessory.
UNK: Mick Lynden : No, man, I swear to God, I didn't know he was gonna do this!
Esposito : Yeah, well, good luck getting a jury to buy that.
Esposito : You're looking at a lot of time, Mr. Linden.