UNK: No. I think I will switch to the Syrah.
UNK: GROANING
Keo : Sir, are you all right?
House : He's drunk.
UNK: See?
UNK: SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE
Keo : Does anyone speak Korean?
Keo : Is anyone a doctor?
UNK: Yes.
House : I'll go get her.
UNK: SNORING
Cuddy : What do you want?
UNK: Do you really think I was gonna leave you stuck back here for 18 hours?
House : Go on, enjoy.
House : With the Vicodin and the wine I could sleep anywhere.
House : Thank you.
Chase : We should put her back on the scopolamine patch.
Foreman : She can't wear motion sickness patches for the rest of her life.
UNK: No, but if it does relive her symptoms it'll narrow down our search.
Foreman : Anything else you two guys wanna agree on?
UNK: You have a problem with us agreeing?
Foreman : No, I have a problem with the other thing you're doing,
Foreman : which makes me question your motive for agreeing.
Wilson : I'll put her back on the patch. What else?
Chase : It's gotta be something neurological.
Chase : We should do a CT, look for a brain tumor.
Foreman : Could also be an allergy or something environmental.
Foreman : We should check her home.
Cameron : Bit more likely she got sick in Caracas than in New Jersey.
Foreman : Right, I forgot. There are no toxins in the US.
Wilson : I think I'm starting to feel sorry for House.
UNK: Get a tox screen, chem-20, STD panel, blood cultures.
Wilson : Then you run a CT and you check her house.
UNK: Please.
Cuddy : Not funny.
House : Wasn't supposed to be funny ha-ha.
Cuddy : Fever, headache, severe abdominal pain,
Cuddy : and a rash all over his lower back.
Cuddy : It's serious. Maybe contagious.
House : We just attended a symposium on pandemics
UNK: and you run right into one on the flight home.
House : Talk about a small world.
Cuddy : If it's meningococcus,
Cuddy : half the passengers on this plane could get infected and die before we reach New York.
Joy : Is someone sick? No.
House : Someone has a hangover.
House : He had a snootload of Bloody Marys before dinner.
Cuddy : Watch the movie.
Cuddy : That booze did not give him the rash. It is textbook meningococcus.
UNK: It's also textbook allergic reaction to pollen,
UNK: peanuts, and the semen-stained polyester blanket he's lying on.
Keo : Mr. Peng's throwing up again.
Cuddy : We have to turn around.
Joy : What? Why do we have to...
House : We don't. You misunderstood.
House : Dr. Cuddy just meant that he might feel less nauseous
House : if he was facing in a different direction.
House : She didn't mean to panic a planeload of people.
Cuddy : We're about to head over the North Pole.
Cuddy : We don't turn back now, the next ER's 15 hours away.
House : He'll be fine. I'm a doctor, too.
Keo : You haven't examined him.