Rachel : So did you read your evaluation yet?
UNK: No, it was marked "confidential."
UNK: I just sent it to human resources.
UNK: Please, you're kidding, right? I wrote that one as a joke for you.
Tag : A joke they would appreciate?
UNK: I'm thinking, no.
Tag : - What did you say? - I said you were a good kisser...
UNK: ...and that I liked your teeny, tiny tushy.
UNK: No, not my tushy.
Rachel : It gets worse.
UNK: About your initiative, I wrote :
UNK: "He was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision."
Rachel : Under problems with performance, I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not."
UNK: And then... And then I drew a little smiley face.
Rachel : And then a small pornographic sketch.
Monica : That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike.
Monica : When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Joey : Almost cried, huh?
UNK: Hear that, Chandler? "Almost" cried.
Chandler : Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic.
UNK: Those two had only each other.
UNK: She really likes it, huh?
Monica : Oh, yeah. I saw her walking it down the street.
Monica : She had these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Joey : I saw her this morning, walking it by the park.
UNK: Wait, she was walking the bike?
Ross : Both times?
Joey : - Hey, Pheebs. - Oh, hi!
UNK: - Hey, so you enjoying the bike? - Oh, so much.
UNK: Pheebs, you do know how to ride a bike, don't you?
Phoebe : Of course.
Monica : Can we see you ride it?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: See?
UNK: I told you not to get involved with your assistant.
UNK: There's no such thing as a secret when it comes to affairs.
Monica : Did you hear that, Chandler?
Monica : No such thing.
UNK: What happened? I'm just eating candy.
UNK: Maybe it's not that bad. They might not take it the way I meant it.
UNK: Absolutely, you know? Because "tushy" can mean both ass...
Chandler : ...and good worker.
Rachel : I just gotta get the thing back.
UNK: Rach? That sketch you mentioned?
Joey : Might it have looked a little like this?
Rachel : Oh, my God, Joey!
Chandler : - What is the matter with you? - God!
Joey : This little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
UNK: Hi, I'm sorry. I know it's after-hours, but I really need candy.
UNK: I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
UNK: The Woman : Please, I have people coming from out of town today.
UNK: The Woman : - I told them all about your candy. - You're kidding.
UNK: Out-of-towners, huh? What did you tell them?
UNK: I told them your candy was absolutely indescribable.
UNK: Some people have said it's "little drops of heaven. " But whatever.
UNK: - Please, can't you help me out? - Hey, Chandler, do we know that lady?
UNK: Isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
UNK: All right, I'll do it just this once.
UNK: - But you can't tell anyone. - Please, just give it to me.
UNK: Yeah, that's her.
Rachel : - Thank you. - Unbelievable!
UNK: I can't believe that sign didn't work.
UNK: You know what would work? Stop making candy.
Monica : But they like it.
Chandler : You mean they like you.
UNK: Maybe.
Chandler : Is that why you became a chef, so people would like you?
UNK: You want to talk about getting people to like you, huh, funny man?