Joey : Film, television and theater.
UNK: The only thing left would be radio. But that's just for ugly people.
UNK: My shoes give me a problem on the dance floor. Can I borrow your boots?
UNK: I don't really even know where I left those.
Joey : I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good. I'll show you.
UNK: Who am I kidding? I belong in radio.
Monica : -Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant? -Let's not talk about that right now.
Monica : -This is so huge. -Sure, but as big as your wedding?
Monica : Of course not. Nothing is.
Monica : Between me and you, in this day and age..
Monica : how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Rachel : Sometimes you can do everything right. Everyone wears what they're supposed to..
Rachel : and one of those little guys just gets through.
UNK: -How? -I don't know. Maybe they have tools.
UNK: Well, I talked to her, and she's definitely gonna have the baby.
UNK: She said she's gonna raise it on her own.
UNK: -Well, maybe that's really brave. -Maybe.
Monica : I just hope she realizes how hard it's gonna be.
UNK: Maybe she hasn't really thought it through that much.
UNK: Well, there's a lot to think about.
UNK: How is she gonna handle this financially? How is she gonna juggle work?
UNK: Does she realize she's not gonna have a date again for the next, like, 18 years?
UNK: I don't know.
Monica : Are you okay?
UNK: I'm just thinking about Phoebe. Poor, knocked-up Phoebe.
UNK: -Champagne? -Oh, yes! Thank you very much.
UNK: That's actually how the French drink it.
Phoebe : Well, I just got off the phone with my lover James Brolin.
Monica : -Oh, really? -Apparently, he is married to some singer.
Phoebe : But he said he'd leave her for me. And I said, "James Brolin, are you sure?"
Phoebe : -James Brolin said.. -Rachel's the one who's pregnant?
UNK: What?!
Phoebe : Why bother?
Monica : -How do you feel? -I don't know how I feel.
Rachel : This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don't wanna make.
UNK: Someone just take this away from me!
UNK: -Calm down. Maybe you're not pregnant. -What?!
Phoebe : When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test, like, three times.
UNK: Yes. Maybe it's a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
Rachel : How many ways are there to do that?
UNK: I'm just saying, don't freak out until you're 100 percent sure.
UNK: All right, I'll take it again when I get home.
UNK: I can wait until then.
UNK: Oh, this is such a good party. How late does it go till?
Monica : -You gotta take it now. -No, this your wedding.
UNK: You're not gonna be able to have fun until we know. Do it as a present to me.
Rachel : Okay, thank you.
UNK: -I'll run out and get you one. -You girls are so great.
UNK: -Wait a minute. Who's the father? -She won't tell us.
UNK: Come on! It's my wedding. That could be my present!
Rachel : -I just gave you peeing on a stick. -See, this is why you register.