UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : No. He's right.
UNK: There's a Manhattan flight corridor which doesn't require you
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : to radio in if you stay under 1,300 feet.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : My mother-in-law is a licensed pilot, as she keeps reminding me.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Part of a larger effort to make me feel inferior.
Castle : I'm sorry. Did I just say that out loud?
UNK: Sounds like she's staying with you, Captain?
Gates : One day soon, your in-laws will visit, too.
Gates : And when they do, think hotel.
Gates : Oh, Lord, I hate the holidays.
Castle : Yet another quality she has in common with the Grinch.
Beckett : So, if we don't know where our Santa fell from,
Beckett : - do we at least know who he is? - Well, hopefully we will soon.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Unis rousted the owner
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : of that boot store in Queens.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : They're getting him to open up the shop and check his invoices.
Beckett : Lanie's got something for us. Can you keep us posted on the boots?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: You're taking this one kind of hard, bro.
Ryan : He's a symbol of childhood innocence.
UNK: It makes me wonder what this means for the future.
UNK: It means there's gonna be one less guy dressed up as Santa.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : Hey, so we're coming up on Christmas Eve.
UNK: Gonna keep the tradition going?
Esposito : You, me, a six-pack? Madden on the big screen?
Esposito : You know, I, um...
Ryan : I think Jenny has other plans this year.
Lanie : Remember how you asked if that fall is what killed him?
Lanie : Well, it wasn't.
Lanie : I pulled this out of his back.
UNK: And that is a.38.
Beckett : Do you still think he fell off his sleigh, Castle?
UNK: No.
Castle : Clearly, he was shot out of it.
Castle : Talk about a war on Christmas.
Beckett : Or he was just shot in an aircraft and pushed out.
Beckett : So, we have anything else?
Lanie : Just this, embedded in his suit.
Lanie : A chip of paint or some kind of enamel. Cherry-red.
Castle : From a sleigh.
Lanie : I don't know yet. I'm sending it down to the lab for analysis.
Castle : Probably from a sleigh.
Beckett : Are we any closer to figuring out who he is?
Esposito : We are now.
Esposito : Name's Edmund Smith. Lives in the Bronx.
Esposito : Got his ID from that boot shop.
Beckett : I'm sorry, you just came all the way down here to give me this?
UNK: Yeah, I mean, you told me to keep you posted.
Esposito : You did say that, right?
Ryan : You know what?
Beckett : Castle and I are gonna go and check out the place
Beckett : and see what there is to see.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Javi, since when did you start wearing cologne to work?
UNK: Oh, you know, well, it's the holidays.
Esposito : And I've got places to be, people to see. How about you?
Lanie : Okay, I see where this is going. I'm gonna stop you right there.
Lanie : I already have plans for Christmas Eve. I'm hanging out with my girlfriends.
Esposito : Oh, that's cool.
Esposito : Maybe afterwards you and I can...
Lanie : Javi. Let's not be one of those sad, desperate holiday hook-ups.
UNK: But when all this dies down, if you still wanna get together,
UNK: just give me a call.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Beth Cabot : I don't think he's home.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : Is there a super or someone that can let us into this apartment?
Beth : Yeah, we have a key. Tim, can you grab Ed's key?
Beth : Did something happen to Edmund?
Beckett : So when was the last time you saw him?
UNK: Oh, it must've been last night, around 5 : 00.
Beth : I saw him leave with his costume bag. I figured he was going on a job.
UNK: Tim Cabot : Ed was a professional Santa.