UNK: Aha!
UNK: Richard Castle : Found it.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad, you should toss that. It's getting kind of gross.
Castle : Toss Cookie Angel? No way!
Castle : You made this for me in first grade
Castle : With your chubby little hands.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Darling, could you pick me up an extra bottle of aquavit for our glogg?
Castle : An extra bottle of hundred proof?
Castle : You're not tampering with our sacred holiday recipe?
UNK: No, no, no. I'm just gonna make an extra large batch
Martha : to take with me Christmas Eve caroling.
UNK: Oh, lt'll be after our Christmas dinner. You don't mind, do you?
Castle : But it's Christmas Eve. That's when we open the gifts.
Alexis : Maybe we can open them in the morning.
Alexis : In the morning? Mornings are for stockings.
UNK: Well, I think what Alexis is trying to say is that she has other plans, too.
Alexis : Just with a couple of friends. It's...
UNK: What friends? What plans?
Castle : What is happening to our family tradition?
UNK: Dad, I think you're kind of overreacting.
Castle : I am not overreacting.
Castle : It's one night out of the year.
Castle : Is it too much to ask to stick to the program?
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : Well, maybe your program should evolve a little.
Castle : It is evolving. I invited you, didn't I? You are still coming, right?
Beckett : Yeah. I mean, if I don't have to work.
UNK: But look, okay, no presents.
Beckett : Remember, we promised.
UNK: - It's a little too stressful this first year. - No presents.
Castle : I'm flexible.
UNK: But there are certain aspects to this that are time-honored.
Castle : The heart, the beating heart behind the Christmas holidays.
Castle : And now Santa is dead?
Castle : When will it end?
Beckett : Hate to break it to you, Castle, but there is no Santa.
UNK: Well, not anymore.
UNK: You got to admit, with that beard and that belly?
UNK: Lanie Parish : He looks like the real deal.
Beckett : If by the real deal, you mean an overweight man in a red suit,
UNK: who was hopefully carrying ID?
UNK: Yeah.
Lanie : Along with lots of candy cane wrappers,
Lanie : though I don't think that ID of his is gonna do you much good.
UNK: "Kris Kringle. Address, North Pole"?
Beckett : That's cute.
Castle : Maybe he's the real Santa.
Castle : Like in Miracle on 34th Street.
UNK: Yeah, but with no happy ending.
UNK: This Santa fell out of the sky around 9 : 30.
Beckett : From an aircraft?
Lanie : Maybe, but it wasn't a commercial plane, I can tell you that.
Lanie : With a fall from high altitude,
Lanie : we'd see severe frostbite on his eyes and his face.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Hey, so I just talked with the family.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : They didn't see or hear any planes overhead.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense. He had to have fallen from somewhere.
UNK: I'm sorry. Are we overlooking the obvious here?
UNK: He hit some turbulence, slipped out of his sleigh and fell to his doom.
Ryan : Santa, lying there dead.
Ryan : You gotta ask yourself, what kind of world do we live in?
Beckett : A world in which there is no Santa and people don't fall out of nowhere.
Beckett : Can you check with Air Traffic Control
Beckett : and find out what flights were in the area?
Ryan : Sure. Bah, humbug.
Beckett : So was the fall cause of death?
UNK: It looks like it,
Lanie : but I won't know for sure until I get him back to the morgue.
Castle : Well, Santa or no, he sure is committed.
Castle : And you're saying there's nothing in his wallet
UNK: that indicates a break in character?
Lanie : - Nope. - Except for these boots.
Beckett : They are definitely not from the North Pole.
UNK: They're custom-made from a leather shop in Queens.
Beckett : Got a pair of motorcycle boots there.
Beckett : Hopefully they'll have a record of who this man is.
UNK: Hey, so I heard from Air Traffic Control, but you're not gonna like the news.
Ryan : They have no record of anyone
Ryan : flying over the park during the time our guy hit the ground.
Beckett : How is that even possible?
Castle : Santa had his sleigh in stealth mode.
UNK: No. I mean, after 9l11,
Beckett : how is it possible that someone can just fly over Manhattan?
Castle : Sightseeing choppers do it all the time.
Castle : There was this one time,
UNK: I took a midnight loop around the Statue of Liberty with this Latin...
UNK: Publisher.