UNK: Are we really gonna play this game,
Beckett : where you deny things that you and I both know are true?
Beckett : Like you telling me that you didn't know Edmund?
Beckett : We ran a background check.
Beckett : You and Edmund were business associates,
Beckett : so why would you claim that you didn't know him
Beckett : unless you were hiding something?
Beckett : Like your involvement with SunCove Funding?
Beckett : Did the two of you talk about
Beckett : how much money you could make if you could just bend the rules?
Beckett : How easy it would be to forge documents,
Beckett : to put people into mortgages that they couldn't afford?
UNK: And how you could make a quick buck by selling them off to investors?
Case : There's nothing in those files that can implicate me.
Case : And nothing to tie me to SunCove Funding or to that man's death.
Beckett : That clock that was stolen, where did it come from?
Case : I'm not sure.
Case : - I'll have to ask my decorator. - Don't bother.
Beckett : We already have documents that prove it belonged to the Cabots.
Case : Who are the Cabots?
Beckett : One of the families whose house you stole.
Beckett : They put that clock up as collateral against a loan,
Beckett : and when they couldn't make the payments,
Beckett : SunCove Funding kept it.
Beckett : And that connects you to SunCove.
Beckett : When you saw Edmund that night,
UNK: you realized that he was going after the files
UNK: because he was gonna blow the whistle on SunCove.
Beckett : You knew that Edmund could implicate you, so you killed him.
Case : No, you're wrong.
Beckett : The U.S. Attorney's Office would freeze your assets,
Beckett : they would seize all of your money.
UNK: You were gonna lose everything.
Beckett : Now that is motive, that is opportunity.
Beckett : And that is enough for any jury to convict you.
Dunne : I did not kill Edmund.
Case : But I know who did.
Case : She was here.
Case : She stopped by the party.
Gwenn : You must be kidding me. Why would I kill him?
Beckett : Because he couldn't live with himself any longer, with what he had done.
UNK: Which meant that he was gonna take away
Beckett : the one thing that he left you after the divorce,
Beckett : your lifestyle, paid for by SunCove profits.
Castle : He didn't come to you to apologize that night, did he?
Castle : He came to warn you.
UNK: Because he knew that if he blew the whistle on SunCove,
Castle : - you stood to lose everything. - This is absurd.
UNK: You knew where he was going, and you knew why.
Beckett : So you followed him to the rooftop and then you shot him.
Gwenn : I was at the benefit.
Beckett : We know you were at Case Commerce. We have a witness. You killed Edmund.
Gwenn : When he left me, he told me he never wanted to hurt me.
Gwenn : That's what people always say right before they hurt you.
Gwenn : Yes, he left me my lifestyle.
Gwenn : Five years later he shows up on my doorstep telling me,
UNK: again, how he doesn't wanna hurt me.
Gwenn : You know what the worst part is?
Gwenn : Just for a moment when he stood there that night,
Gwenn : I was happy to see him.
UNK: You gotta admire the guy.
Castle : Sacrificed everything to redeem himself.
Castle : It's too bad his past caught up with him.
Gates : Still, those files are on their way to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Gates : Now the Cabots have a real shot at getting back what they lost.
Beckett : Along with the 42 other families, all because of Edmund.
UNK: Oh!
Gates : Speaking of people having their homes stolen.
Beckett : Is that your mother-in-law again, sir?
Gates : Detective, if you happen to receive a report of a homicide tonight
Gates : at my address, do me a favor.
Gates : Ignore it.
Esposito : Yes, sir.
Beckett : Well, Castle, looks like you might've been right.
Beckett : Maybe there is a Santa Claus, after all.
Castle : Whether there's a Santa Claus or not, that's not why I love Christmas.
Castle : When I was a kid, no matter how bad things got,
Castle : my mother always managed to make Christmas Eve magical.
Castle : Every year, she would put on the Nutcracker Suite.
Castle : I thought, if she can do that in our tiny apartment
Castle : when money was tight and we were alone,
Castle : gave me hope that things could get better.
Castle : I love that feeling, that sense of hope.
Castle : It's crazy, you know,
Castle : on the shortest, darkest days of the year,
Castle : people of all faiths celebrate the light.
Castle : Plus, who doesn't love presents?
UNK: Uh...
Receptionist : - Merry Christmas. - You, too.
UNK: Yo, what are you still doing here?
Esposito : Shouldn't you be at home, stuffing your wife's stocking?
Ryan : - I don't think I'm ready, Javi. - For what? Sex?
Ryan : No, for what sex leads to.
Ryan : We were putting up the tree the other day,
Ryan : Jenny says to me,
UNK: "It just doesn't feel like Christmas without kids."
Ryan : She wants to try.
Ryan : But I come to work,
UNK: I watch the news, and every day it seems like the world's falling apart.
Ryan : How am I supposed to bring a kid into that?
Esposito : The world's always falling apart, bro. Since the beginning of time.
Esposito : But having kids, making a family, that's what keeps it together.
Esposito : So go home.
Esposito : Make a baby. You're ready.
Ryan : Yeah. Thanks, bro.