UNK: Bom-chica-bom-bow.
Beckett : How does a guy on a motorcycle connect to Edmund landing in the park?
Castle : Nothing connects. Why does a man watch a Christmas movie,
Castle : then walk out on everything to become a Santa?
Castle : Unless the key to Edmund's story is It's A Wonderful Life.
Castle : You remember, in the movie,
Castle : George Bailey tried to commit suicide on Christmas Eve
Castle : and was saved by an angel.
Beckett : Which, in our story, is David Dunne.
Castle : Weird casting choice, I know.
Castle : But what if Edmund was trying to jump off a metaphoric bridge,
UNK: you know, to start over?
Castle : As a Santa?
UNK: Yes. Yeah, that's where it falls apart.
Ryan : Actually, it looks like Edmund was way more than just a Santa.
Ryan : I finally got a hold of that lawyer that he'd been calling.
UNK: She'd actually filed a suit on behalf of his neighbors, the Cabots,
UNK: who'd lost their home to a predatory lender,
Ryan : SunCove Funding.
Ryan : Something about illegal practices and forged documents.
UNK: Anyway, it's a class-action suit, representing 43 families,
Ryan : with millions of dollars at stake.
Beckett : But why was Edmund calling the lawyer?
UNK: She'd been working on a contingency.
Ryan : She's already lost tons of money pressing the case,
Ryan : so she wanted to drop the suit.
Ryan : But Edmund begged her not to.
Ryan : In fact, he asked her to hold off just a few days,
Ryan : maybe he could turn things around.
Beckett : - How? - Well, he didn't say.
UNK: But she told him the only thing that would turn things around
UNK: was a check for 25 grand.
Beckett : What do we know about this company that Edmund was up against?
UNK: SunCove? It's a fly-by-night.
Ryan : They made their money, then they folded.
Ryan : Gates actually has a friend at the SEC trying to dig up information on them.
Beckett : Can you check with the Fraud Division, see what they know about SunCove?
Ryan : - Yeah, you got it. - Thanks.
Castle : Speaking of It's a Wonderful Life,
UNK: I was thinking tomorrow night
UNK: perhaps we should have a Christmas movie marathon,
Castle : or some other kind of marathon that makes life wonderful.
UNK: Um...
UNK: What?
Beckett : Castle, look, I know how much the holidays mean to you,
UNK: and I know that you love Christmas, but I can't make it tomorrow.
UNK: What?
UNK: The precinct is short-staffed. So, I'm gonna have to work.
Castle : Don't you have seniority? How can this happen?
Beckett : Look, I couldn't tell Gates. She doesn't know about us.
UNK: Okay, so look,
Beckett : I'm sorry, I know that you're disappointed.
UNK: No! Ah... No. It's not your fault, I know.
Castle : It's okay.
Castle : I gotta get out of here, anyway. I got a date with Alexis.
UNK: We're gonna do some Christmas shopping.
Beckett : - Okay, have fun. - Okay.
Beckett : - And don't get me anything. - Right.
Esposito : Hey, so I pulled this from the ATM footage.
Esposito : Edmund was alone when he took out the cash,
Esposito : but he did get into a cab.
Beckett : Any idea where he was going?
Esposito : Yeah, I traced the taxi using the medallion.
UNK: Cabbie said that he took Edmund to Ho-Ho-Kus Field.
Esposito : It's a small airfield out in Jersey.
Beckett : Is that where he got on the plane?
Esposito : You'd think, but no.
Esposito : The cabbie said that Edmund had him wait so he could go meet somebody.
Esposito : Then he got back in the cab, they left the airfield
Esposito : and the cabbie dropped him off in Long Island City.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense.
UNK: How'd he end up in the air if he went to Long Island City?
Esposito : I have no idea.
UNK: But the person he met with at the airfield might.
Esposito : So, you pulled the Christmas shift again.
Beckett : You know, you shouldn't be eavesdropping, buddy.
UNK: Espo, does that look cherry-red to you?
Esposito : It does.
Beckett : Just like the paint chip we found on Edmund.
Beckett : This lock's been tampered with.
Beckett : Looks like it was forced open.
Beckett : There's fresh blood here, and lots of it.
Esposito : Looks like we just found our crime scene.
UNK: Yeah.