UNK: So, I know the guy. So what?
UNK: You got no proof that I was in that helicopter that night.
Beckett : That's because you wiped it down when you brought it back.
Beckett : But you took something with you, didn't you?
Beckett : We found this in your apartment.
Castle : Care to revise your statement?
Beckett : Let me help you, again.
Beckett : Edmund figured out a way to make a quick score for you both.
Castle : He worked the party and you were the getaway flyer.
UNK: And then when he got back into the chopper,
Beckett : you decided you wanted it all for yourself.
Dunne : All what? All he had was a damn clock!
Case : Not just any clock.
UNK: A Thomas Tilledge worth $30,000.
UNK: That crap is worth 30 grand?
UNK: Wait, you didn't know that?
UNK: No, I... And I didn't kill him!
Beckett : Come on, Dave! You just admitted to being there.
Dunne : All right! I was there.
UNK: Ed said he'd pay me two grand to fly the chopper to that building,
Dunne : wait while he loaded something on and take off.
Dunne : And it wasn't no clock.
Dunne : He wanted to know how much extra weight the chopper could handle.
Beckett : What was he planning on taking?
UNK: For two grand I didn't ask.
UNK: I just flew to the helipad and waited.
Dunne : Then all of a sudden, here comes Edmund
UNK: running out on the roof with the clock, yelling, "Go, go, go!"
Dunne : - Next thing I know we're taking fire. - Someone was shooting at you?
Dunne : Hell, yeah!
Dunne : They nailed Edmund just as he boarded the chopper.
Beckett : Did you see who it was?
Dunne : No, it was dark. I just cowboyed the hell out of there.
Dunne : But poor Ed. I kept yelling to him to close the damn door!
Dunne : But when I turned back, he was already dead.
UNK: The chopper banked hard,
UNK: and before I knew it, he was gone.
UNK: If Dave is telling the truth, the shooter was in that building.
Beckett : Not just in the building.
Beckett : The only access to the helipad is through Case Commerce.
Beckett : Which means our killer was at the party.
Castle : Okay, but what was Edmund doing?
Castle : What was he planning on stealing that weighed so much?
Castle : And why would he take that stupid clock?
Beckett : Makes no sense.
Esposito : It makes even less sense now.
UNK: We were running through elevator security footage.
Ryan : We found one person who went up to the party who wasn't on the guest list.
Beckett : The neighbor kid? Tim Cabot?
Castle : And look what he's holding.
Beckett : A motorcycle helmet.
Beckett : So he was the one that followed Edmund on the motorcycle that night.
Esposito : Kid's got a record, too.
UNK: B&E, assault, possession.
Beckett : Yeah, but what the hell was he doing there?
Gates : I think I may have an answer.
UNK: Remember that class-action suit against SunCove Funding?
Beckett : - Yeah. - My contact at the SEC dug these up.
Gates : SunCove's original Articles of Incorporation,
Gates : showing the name of the account signatory.
Gates : Look familiar?
UNK: "James Edmund Smith." The victim.
UNK: Santa is the shark who bilked those people out of their homes?
UNK: He has more blood on his hands than that.
Gates : Tim Cabot's father died in a car crash.
Gates : Fell asleep at the wheel working three jobs to pay his inflated mortgage,
Gates : courtesy of Edmund Smith. That was Christmas Eve five years ago.
Ryan : The Christmas that Edmund walked out on his life.
UNK: So, it was a tale of redemption.
Castle : Edmund moves next door to the family whose lives he destroyed,
Castle : dedicating his life to repairing theirs.
UNK: Never telling them who he really is.
Esposito : But what if Tim found out?
Castle : Then it's a very different tale.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Mrs. Cabot. But we need to speak to your son.
Castle : Your mom doesn't know, does she? But you do.
Castle : You knew who he was