Beckett : Was there anything else that was special about this clock?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Not that I'm aware of.
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna get one of my detectives
Beckett : to come down and interview your staff.
Beckett : In the meantime, could I have a list of all of the party attendees?
Ryan : - Sure. - Of course.
Beckett : We'll also pull elevator footage to make sure that
Beckett : there weren't any uninvited guests.
UNK: 30,000.
Castle : That's a little more than the Cabots needed for their lawsuit.
Castle : Maybe our Santa is Robin Hood,
Castle : stealing from the rich to give to the poor?
Beckett : Yeah, but why would he use a helicopter to steal this?
UNK: I mean, he could've just stuffed it in his sack
UNK: and ho-ho-ho'd out of there.
Beckett : It has to be about more than just the clock.
Castle : Well, there were a couple more clocks on his work bench.
UNK: - Maybe this one's significant somehow. - Okay. What's your theory?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : Treasure map inside.
Martha : No, no.
Castle : The clock was commissioned by a secret society
Castle : to count down the end of days.
Castle : A secret society of Santas who are the guardians of time.
Castle : Oh, that's good.
Beckett : Okay, putting aside the mystery of the helicopter,
Beckett : let's say it is about the clock.
Beckett : How did Edmund know about it? Nobody from the office recognized him.
Castle : Well, maybe he worked the party before.
Esposito : Sorry, bro. I checked.
Esposito : He hasn't. But he sure was determined to work it this year.
Esposito : The agency had booked another Santa to work that party,
Esposito : but someone from Case Commerce called about a week ago to cancel.
Beckett : Let me guess. No one actually called from Case.
UNK: Ding-ding!
Castle : And when he arrived, they assumed he was the Santa they'd hired.
Esposito : Kind of a brilliant scam, really.
UNK: You have access to high-end homes and businesses.
UNK: And who's gonna distrust Santa?
UNK: Uh, his partners, apparently.
Castle : No honor among thieves. Even Santa thieves.
Beckett : All right. Have Robbery send that photo to pawn shops and auction houses.
Beckett : If his partners try to cash in, I wanna know.
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: A man leaves his life and a high paid job to become the neighborhood saint,
UNK: only to get shot dead after stealing a clock
Beckett : that's worth less than your average car.
Beckett : And then he gets thrown out of a helicopter
Beckett : that he didn't even need to be in in the first place.
Beckett : It makes no sense.
Beckett : Given everything that we know about this guy,
Beckett : this is completely out of character.
UNK: Well, sometimes people do inexplicable things.
Beckett : There's an explanation for everything.
Beckett : Is there?
Castle : You volunteered to take Eldin's shift.
Castle : Don't pretend.
Castle : If you aren't ready, why not just tell me?
Beckett : - I'm sorry, Castle. I didn't mean to... - You didn't mean to what?
Beckett : Christmas means something different to me than it does to you.
Castle : It's Christmas. I mean, how can it be different?
Beckett : Castle, every winter, as soon as that chill rolls in,
Beckett : I'm right back there in that alley.
Beckett : January 9th, and we still hadn't taken our Christmas decorations down.
Beckett : And by the time my dad and I did,
Beckett : it was like we were putting Christmas away forever.
Beckett : We haven't opened those boxes since.
Castle : I didn't know.
Beckett : That's why every year my dad goes up to his cabin.
Beckett : And ever since I became a rookie, I have taken the Christmas shift.
Beckett : Because I know that there are families out there
Beckett : that are celebrating together in their homes
Beckett : and I am keeping watch, and that is my tradition.
Beckett : And that is important to me.
Beckett : It's as important as your tradition is to you.
Beckett : And I'm sorry, Castle, I thought I could let that go, but I...
Gwenn : I understand.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Yeah, so I got a custodian who was up on the roof last night for a smoke.
Beckett : Did he see anything?
Ryan : It's not what he saw. It's what he found.
UNK: The place was cleaned earlier in the day, but when he got up there,
Ryan : there was trash blown all over the helipad.
Ryan : Probably from the rotor wash when it took off.
Beckett : What kind of trash?
Ryan : The kind that looked like someone had been waiting for someone.
UNK: A soda can, candy wrappers and an empty pouch of pipe tobacco.
Dunne : Pipe tobacco.
Castle : Now, who do we know that smokes a pipe and flies?
UNK: And remember, when you go out there,
Dunne : Santa does not enter through the chimney,
Dunne : he enters through the heart.
Esposito : What about through a helicopter?
UNK: Hmm?
Epsosito : - What're you doing? - Ho!
Esposito : - Put that down. - Ho!
Esposito : You crazy?
Santas : Ho! Ho!
Esposito : I said put that down.
Santas : Ho! Ho!
Ryan : Merry Christmas to all...
Esposito : And to all a good night.
Dunne : I already told you where I was, and it wasn't in any helicopter.
Castle : Yeah, about that. We checked the photos from the Harlem Youth Club.
Castle : The Santa that was there was not you.
Beckett : Where were you that night, really?
Beckett : Let me help you.
UNK: I just got off of the phone with Chuck Ames,
Beckett : the guy that owns that helicopter,
Beckett : and he said that you've rented it from him before.