Castle : Looks like he took his job pretty seriously.
UNK: No, he lived it, really.
Beth : I mean, volunteering at the rec center and the shelter.
UNK: I mean, he was always here for Tim and the kids.
Beth : He even helped with our lawsuit.
Castle : He was a Santa and a lawyer?
UNK: No.
Beth : We lost our house and he was just trying to help us out.
Beth : He was like that.
Beckett : Sounds like he got involved in a lot of people's lives.
Beckett : Do you think he made any enemies along the way?
Beth : I didn't think so,
Beth : but then last week I heard this man pounding on Ed's door,
Beth : shouting cuss words.
Beckett : Did you see who it was?
Beth : I did.
Tim : I looked out.
UNK: It was an older, tough-looking dude.
Tim : When he saw me he said,
UNK: "You tell Ed if I see him again, I'll kill him."
Tim : So, I told Ed.
Castle : How did he react?
UNK: Well, he told us not to worry.
Beth : But you could tell he was pretty shaken up.
Beckett : You think you could describe him?
UNK: You know what? I don't have to. That's him.
Castle : Well, whoever he is, he's a pilot.
Ryan : According to the tail number on that Cessna,
UNK: the plane is registered to a David Dunne.
UNK: The guy's got priors, too. Drunk and disorderly, assault.
Beckett : Where do we find him?
Ryan : Well, this just lists his place of employment.
Ryan : 1215 Canal Street, second floor.
Beckett : Wow, someone takes Christmas seriously.
Castle : You should see our place.
UNK: Our tree is a 15-foot noble fir.
UNK: We have our garland shipped in
Castle : from some lake I can't pronounce, by the Canadian border.
UNK: And wait till you see my train set.
Beckett : Yeah, can't wait.
Castle : - Hi. - Merry Christmas!
Beckett : We're looking for David Dunne.
Receptionist : Oh, Dave's in the big room. Teaching a class.
Castle : What is it you do here exactly?
Receptionist : We make magic.
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Again!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Again!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
Dunne : Once again from the diaphragm!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Outstanding!
Castle : Santa school?
Beckett : And I bet you one Santa is missing.
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
Dunne : This is crazy. I did not kill Edmund.
UNK: Trust me, you're gonna have to do a lot better than that to convince her.
Beckett : You can start by telling us when you last flew your plane.
Dunne : Not for weeks. You can check.
UNK: We intend to. Now where were you at 9 : 30 last night?
Dunne : I was at the Harlem Youth Center handing out gifts to kids.
Dunne : I wasn't anywhere near Edmund.
Castle : But you did engage
Castle : in some un-Santa-like behavior at his apartment.
Dunne : Is that what this is about?
Dunne : That was nothing.
Beckett : You threatened to kill him
Beckett : and now he's dead. I wouldn't call that nothing.
Dunne : I can explain that, okay?
Dunne : See, Edmund took one of my best gigs. It was a print ad for Cartier.
Dunne : I was their go-to Santa.
UNK: You know, this year they wanted to go more warm and cuddly.
UNK: Well, look at me. I'm warm! I'm cuddly!
Dunne : But no, they chose Edmund.
Dunne : So, yeah, I drank too much peppermint schnapps
Dunne : and went over to his place and popped off.
Dunne : I'm not proud of it.
Dunne : But that was all I did.
Beckett : Did you see him again after that?
Dunne : No. You have to understand,
UNK: when I first met Edmund five years ago, he was at a low point in life.
Dunne : I raised him up, I taught him everything I knew.
UNK: I turned him into a world-class Santa.
Dunne : And now I'm losing gigs to him?
UNK: Well, maybe that's it.
Dunne : Maybe it's time to hang up the fluffy red jockstrap.
Castle : Is that a metaphor or do you really...
Beckett : When Edmund was killed, he was wearing his Santa suit.
Beckett : Do you know if he had a job last night?
UNK: You have to ask his agent.
Castle : Santas have agents?
Dunne : Yeah, mostly we use the Bells & Holly Agency.
Castle : You said Edmund was at a low point in his life.
Castle : What did you mean by that?
Dunne : I just think he became a Santa to turn his life around.
Dunne : And it worked, too.
Dunne : Turn his life around? Was he in trouble of some sort?
Dunne : All I know is back when I met him,