Dunne : Edmund was a totally different guy.
Ryan : David Dunne's alibi checked out.
Ryan : Harlem Youth Club said that he was there last night,
UNK: and his Cessna's been parked in a hangar for over a month.
Beckett : Did you find out what Santa job Edmund was doing?
UNK: His agency said he wasn't booked on any gigs last night.
Beckett : So why was he wearing his Santa suit? And how'd he end up dead?
UNK: Well, if this was a story, it would all come back to Edmund's character.
Castle : Why he became a Santa in the first place.
UNK: Turns out, it's a mystery all by itself.
Esposito : I've been looking into this guy and check it.
UNK: That is Santa five years ago.
Esposito : Meet James Edmund Smith.
Esposito : He was a private equity manager at some big firm.
Beckett : - That's the same guy? - Yeah.
Beckett : What happened?
Castle : Dedication to his craft.
UNK: Like De Niro in Raging Bull.
Beckett : To be a Santa?
Esposito : It's pretty extreme, I know. And I'll tell you this much,
Esposito : he didn't go all Santa for the money.
Esposito : Back in the day, he used to pull down a half a mil a year.
Esposito : As Santa, he made a tenth of that.
UNK: You can make that much as a Santa? Maybe I should switch jobs, huh?
Esposito : What? Gain 200 pounds and have a bunch of rug rats
UNK: sitting on your lap with dirty diapers?
Ryan : - Yeah, thanks for that visual. - Oh, here's another thing.
Esposito : I pulled Edmund's financials. On the night he was killed,
UNK: he withdrew two grand from his ATM.
Castle : He didn't have that money on him when we found him.
Castle : His wallet was empty.
Beckett : All right, take a look at the ATM footage and see if anyone was with him.
Beckett : He might have been robbed.
Castle : Robbed and then launched into space?
Beckett : And how is that less plausible than your sleigh?
UNK: I think you mean less "clausible."
Beckett : What about his phone records?
UNK: He made a bunch of calls to some lawyer in Brooklyn.
Ryan : But here's the interesting one.
Ryan : Last phone call he ever made was to his ex-wife.
Castle : - Mrs. Claus! - Gwenn Harwin.
Ryan : I went back pretty far in his phone records.
Ryan : He hasn't called her for at least three years.
UNK: So, he pulls out two grand, calls his ex-wife,
Beckett : and a couple of hours later, he ends up dead?
Beckett : Let's bring her in.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : He called me to say that he wanted to stop by.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : It was the strangest thing.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : When he showed up, I didn't recognize him.
UNK: And now he's just gone.
UNK: I'm sorry to ask you this, Ms. Harwin, but where were you last night at 9 : 30?
Gwenn : It's quite all right, I understand.
Gwenn : I was hosting a benefit for the Food Bank.
Beckett : And why did Edmund come to see you?
Gwenn : - To apologize. - Apologize for what?
Gwenn : For the way he walked out on our life.
Gwenn : We were good together, at least I thought we were.
Gwenn : Twelve years of marriage, of building a life together.
Gwenn : And then five years ago, Christmas Eve, we went to a party
Gwenn : and afterwards we stayed up to watch It's a Wonderful Life.
Gwenn : And the next morning he left,
Gwenn : with just the shirt on his back and no explanation.
Beckett : But why would he visit you now?
Gwenn : He wanted me to know how sorry he was for the way he left,
UNK: in case anything happened to him.
Castle : - What did he mean by that? - I don't know what he meant.
UNK: I didn't even know who this man was.
Gwenn : He seemed very nervous and very on edge.
Beckett : Did he give you any indication of what he was afraid of
UNK: or who might've been after him?
Gwenn : After he left, I went to the window to watch him get into the cab.
Gwenn : And as the cab pulled away, there was a man on a motorcycle
Gwenn : who was following him.
UNK: We're gonna need you to give us a description of that motorcycle,
Beckett : along with its rider.
Esposito : Early Christmas present from Jenny?
Ryan : Something like that. Would you mind not touching it?
UNK: Ooh.
Esposito : Well, well, well.
Esposito : Now I see what you and Jenny got planned for Christmas Eve.
UNK: Y'all gonna be getting busy.
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Ho-ho-ho...
UNK: Uh...
Gates : I take it this is your idea of working the Santa case.
Gates : Detective Esposito,
Gates : you're supposed to be digging up that ATM footage.
Castle : And you are...
UNK: Chasing down that lawyer that our victim had been calling, sir.
Gates : Okay, then.
Gates : Let's finish up this hoochie-coochie thing and get on with it.
Esposito : Yes, sir.
UNK: You're busted.