UNK: Well, looks like the blood is a match to Edmund,
Esposito : but so far there are no prints.
Esposito : It looks like the cockpit's been wiped.
Beckett : If Edmund came down here, and then he went back to Long Island City,
Beckett : then how the hell did he end up in this chopper?
Epsosito : Well, whoever was with him has got to have the answer to that.
Beckett : Let's start with who owns this thing.
Esposito : Well, according to the airfield manager, Mr. Mudge,
Esposito : it belongs to a Chuck Ames, but he's on vacation in Hawaii.
Beckett : Hi, Mr. Mudge. I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : Now, is anyone else authorized to fly that bird?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Not that I'm aware of.
Esposito : Looks like just about anybody can have access to this airfield.
UNK: There's no check points, no cameras.
UNK: We never needed any till now.
Esposito : The point is, if someone did get onto this property,
UNK: how hard would it be for them to fly that chopper out of here?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Anybody with a helicopter rating could take it up.
UNK: R44 is easy. You don't even need a key to start it.
UNK: So, then we're looking for someone that knew the ins and outs of this airport,
UNK: along with the fact that that chopper was gonna be here.
UNK: Maybe even someone who knew that Chuck Ames was gonna be in Hawaii.
Beckett : We're gonna need Mr. Ames' contact info,
UNK: along with the names of all of your employees
Beckett : and everyone who's flown through here in the past year.
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Hey, I got Christmas lights to hang.
Beckett : Yeah, and we have a murder to solve.
Beckett : Now, is there any way to know where the chopper flew last night?
Beckett : Is there a flight recorder? GPS system?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Again, she's a low-tech bird.
Beckett : Do you have a record of the fuel that was in the tank?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Fuel log says it was full.
Ryan : Which means we can figure out how far the chopper flew
Ryan : by how much fuel was used.
Ryan : It was down about a fifth of a tank.
Ryan : The R44 burns about four or five miles per gallon.
UNK: So, flew about 45 miles.
Beckett : That's almost exactly how far it is to Long Island City and back.
Ryan : Edmund took the cab there and must've gotten in that chopper.
Beckett : Okay. Let's check all the heliports in Long Island City and find out where.
Castle : I mean, it's bad enough Santa has been murdered,
Castle : this will be the first Christmas Eve in 18 years we haven't spent together.
Castle : I mean, it sets a grim precedent.
Alexis : Dad, you're being dramatic.
UNK: Well, you can see your friends anytime.
Alexis : Well, what if it's just one person? And he's not really a friend.
UNK: Oh.
Gates : And having said that, Detective Beckett volunteered to take the shift.
UNK: Oh. When did she do that?
Gates : Earlier today, she came to me and asked to take Detective Eldin's shift.
Gates : He has a family, and she doesn't.
Gates : Okay, then.
Castle : Problem solved.
UNK: Okay, so that narrows it down
Beckett : to five heliports in Long Island City.
Ryan : One is a police station, one's a hospital.
Ryan : They'd both be monitored.
Ryan : So that leaves helipads at Bankcorp building,
Ryan : One West Hotel, and Case Commerce building.
Ryan : Case Commerce.
Beckett : The candy canes.
Beckett : Case Commerce, CC.
Beckett : That's where Edmund was.
Beckett : Let's find out why.
Beckett : Hey, Castle. You coming?
Castle : Yeah, sure.
UNK: Oh, you can't escape it.
Castle : Christmas is everywhere. So much pressure to have a good time.
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : - Why wouldn't I be? - Case Commerce. There it is.
UNK: Hi. What's going on here?
UNK: Looks like a heist occurred at the office Christmas party last night.
Uniform : A heist?
UNK: Denise Mckay : I didn't notice anything was missing until this morning.
UNK: Denise Mckay : And that's when I called you people.
UNK: So you didn't happen to have a Santa working your party, did you?
Denise : - Yes, we did. - Did he look like this?
Denise : Yes, he was our Santa. Why?
Castle : Looks like our Santa was a little more naughty than nice.
UNK: No, I never saw him before last night.
UNK: Michael Case : And I wasn't aware he'd stolen anything.
UNK: Michael Case : But given what we do here, I suppose it could've been a lot worse.
Beckett : And what is it that your company does, Mr. Case?
Case : Investment services, asset management mostly.
Case : Given the amount of client and account information,
Case : we'd be a gold mine for identity thieves. None of those systems were touched.
Castle : So what did he steal?
Denise : A clock, from his office in back.
Beckett : I'm sorry, did you just say clock?
Case : Not just any clock, Detective. An early Thomas Tilledge.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Legendary clockmaker from the Restoration period.
UNK: That must've been worth a great deal.
UNK: I had it appraised at 30,000.
Castle : Wow. How big was it?
Case : It was about this size.
Castle : Small enough to fit in his sack.
Case : You know, it's hard enough imagining one of my guests being a thief,
Case : but Santa?
UNK: Are you sure that nothing else is missing?
Case : Positive. Why?
Beckett : Well, because our evidence suggests that your Santa left by helicopter,
UNK: which was waiting on your helipad.
Denise : Why would he take a helicopter?
Castle : You didn't hear anything from the party?
Case : No, but the music was loud, and the back wall is soundproofed.