Cristina : - she is going to die. - But there's another option?
Alex : We can try to save the leg by cutting out the infection.
Alex : We might be able to keep it functional.
Sydney : - Gold star for Dr. Karev. - I need to see her.
Cristina : - No time. - If we take her out of anesthesia
Alex : and put her back under... You need to make a decision now.
Wade : I mean, she runs marathons. This is our adventure honeymoon.
UNK: It's... I mean, it's who she is.
Sydney : OK. Then we'll do everything we can to save the leg.
UNK: You think this is a good idea?
Alex : I seriously think this is a way cooler surgery.
Derek : Cheyenne, the prognosis is very good.
UNK: We want to go in and get as much of the tumor out as possible
Derek : during your surgery.
Cheyenne : - So my baby will be fine? - Yes.
Addison : You may be able to take her home this week.
Cheyenne : - That soon? - Absolutely. She'll be all yours.
Cheyenne : - Oh. OK. - OK.
UNK: If you or your mother have questions, Dr. Stevens will page me.
Addison : See you later.
Izzie : - Oh, Shakespeare. - I was reading it to my baby.
Cheyenne : It's really homework for English.
UNK: Richard chuckles : Was.
Cheyenne : The baby wasn't due for another few more weeks.
Cheyenne : - And now I guess... - No more school.
Cheyenne : It's weird.
Cheyenne : It's like when you're in school... you hate it.
Izzie : Until you can't go anymore.
Izzie : - Have you made any plans? - Plans?
UNK: Bought a crib, called about child care, looked into assistance?
Cheyenne : Not yet.
Izzie : - You gonna live with your mom? - I was supposed to be saving money
Cheyenne : to get my own trailer home. But I don't know.
UNK: I guess I just thought I'd have more time.
UNK: Nine months goes by fast.
UNK: Izzie kinda teary eyed : Yeah. Yeah, it does.
UNK: Izzie kinda teary eyed : - I'll see you later. - Bye.
UNK: So, Sydney, have you've seen a lot of necrotizing fasciitis?
Sydney : No. Have you?
UNK: - If the infection moves she'll die. - If she wakes up without her leg,
Alex : - she might wish she had. - Right.
UNK: She's young, healthy, a newlywed.
Cristina : And your treatment plan is based on... cuteness?
UNK: If she were an 80-year-old man, you'd amputate.
Sydney : She's not 80. Where's your compassion?
UNK: Cristina disbelievingly : My compassion?
UNK: Cristina disbelievingly : Trying to save a patient from death is compassionate.
Sydney : I must say, I'm disappointed in you. Why can't you be more like Alex?
Richard : Excuse me?
Sydney : This guy, he's compassionate. He's warm.
Sydney : He's fighting to save Claire's leg.
Alex : - We're going to win that fight. - Yes.
UNK: Uh, excuse me. Restroom.
Cristina : Burke.
Burke : - Hey. I thought you were in surgery. - I was. Necrotizing fasciitis.
Burke : No kidding? So why are you out here?
Cristina : Because the new resident, um, she's the new Bailey...
Cristina : ...except that she's the exact opposite of Bailey
UNK: in absurd, horrifying, profoundly disturbing ways.
Cristina : I think the new resident is killing our patient.
Burke : - Dr. Heron, is it? - It is. And you are?
Burke : Preston Burke.
UNK: Dr. Burke. Wow, no kidding? I'm a huge fan.
Burke : Thank you. I, um...
UNK: I heard you had necrotizing fasciitis.
UNK: So we don't see a lot of those around here.
UNK: Huh. Yeah, well. Being a cardiothoracic surgeon, I wouldn't think you saw any.
UNK: Right. Well, uh...
UNK: I was curious what protocol you were following here?
Sydney : You were curious or Cristina was concerned?
UNK: I hope you'll forgive the intrusion. It's nothing personal.
UNK: It's just... we haven't worked with you before.
Burke : And Dr. Yang wanted to be sure that...
Burke : Dr. Yang wanted to be sure the bimbo cheerleader
UNK: wasn't trying to kill a patient. Am I right?
UNK: With all due respect, I know you don't know me well,
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : but I'm pretty good at what I do.
UNK: My patient is a marathoner and I told her husband
UNK: I'm going to try to save her leg. So my plan...
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : ...is to stand here for as long as it takes
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : to scrape away every last cell of necrotic flesh.
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : If it's still spreading, we'll take the leg.
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : And if we do, then our eager young intern here can hold the saw.
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : Now, unlike Dr. Karev, kindness and compassion aren't very high
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : on her list of priorities, but a little bone-saw action,
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : well, maybe that will earn me some respect. Am I right?
UNK: Sydney stops doing the surgery, turns around and interrupts : Now, Dr. Yang, you ready to scrub back in?