Izzie : This is my daughter.
UNK: In the picture she's six, but she's 11 now.
Izzie : She lived in Santa Barbara, but... they moved.
Izzie : I don't know where.
Izzie : But I know her name is Hannah.
Izzie : - And she likes pigs. - Pigs?
UNK: Izzie smiles : Yep. She collects them.
UNK: Izzie smiles : Like figurines and stuffed animals, you know.
UNK: Izzie smiles : I think it's because her mom read her Charlotte's Web.
Cheyenne : I thought you were her mom.
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : I'm her mother.
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : But I'm not her mom.
Derek : Look...
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : I know that where we come from...
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : this kind of thing doesn't get talked about.
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : But I wanted you to know
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : that there's more than one way to be a good mother.
UNK: Izzie tear eyed : I wanted... I wanted better for her than I could do at 16.
UNK: Cheyenne teary eyed : I love my baby.
Izzie : Of course you do.
Izzie : But you're reading her Shakespeare.
UNK: When you're working 12-hour shifts at the diner, like our moms,
Izzie : you won't be coming home and reading her Shakespeare.
UNK: Oh. I could hear you from six blocks away.
Claire : - Sorry. - Don't be. I like it.
UNK: Um, I'm just not sure how the neighbors would feel.
Cristina : Which, by the way, is not a thing
Cristina : someone lacking in compassion would be concerned with.
Burke : How's your patient's leg?
Cristina : Carved all to hell, but still on her body.
UNK: Oh, we're watching it overnight.
Cristina : What's going on?
Burke : Never in my career have I questioned a fellow surgeon in their OR.
Burke : I never understood what the problem was,
Burke : an intern dating an attending, until today.
UNK: Fair hours, fair wages! Fair hours, fair wages!
UNK: And don't believe 2519 when she tells you that she went to the bathroom.
UNK: She says she went to the bathroom and then she's back here two days later.
Meredith : - Got it. - I need sutures in 2602.
UNK: Can't help you.
George : What?
UNK: Fair hours, fair wages! Fair hours, fair...
George : - It's no offense. - None taken.
Izzie : Hey, how's the strike going?
Meredith : Do you know... do you realize how rarely
George : doctors say thank you and please to nurses?
George : How few surgeons even know the names of the...?
George : I shouldn't be seen talking to you.
Richard : Excuse me. I'm looking for Richard Webber?
Meredith : Can I help you?
Alice : My name is Alice Bickham. I'm here about my mother, Grace.
UNK: Sure. Um... come with me, please.
UNK: Any available nurse to admitting.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : - You said you would look after her. - I'm sorry?
UNK: Mrs. Wood : You told me to go to work and you said you would look after her.
UNK: Ms. Woods, um, can you... just follow me?
UNK: Nurses' station.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : She's a kid, you know.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : She's scared enough without you putting ideas in her head.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : How do you tell a scared kid to give her baby away?
Izzie : I didn't tell her. I didn't advise her. I didn't pressure her.
UNK: I just... talked to her.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : You're not a shrink.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : You're not her mother. She's my kid. And you crossed the line.
Meredith : - I'm sorry. - You're not. You're superior.
UNK: Mrs. Wood : So what, you're a big shot doctor and you get to judge us?
UNK: Mrs. Wood : You get to tell my kid how to live her life?
Izzie : Cheyenne is smart.
Izzie : She's smart and she's thoughtful and she can have more.
Izzie : She can have more than a trailer park
Izzie : and a graveyard shift at a truck stop diner. Don't you want that for her?
Izzie : I mean, if you can... get past the fact that I'm superior
Izzie : and that I'm judging you and that I'm telling you what's best for your family.
UNK: If you could just get past all of that,
Izzie : isn't it possible that I'm also right?
Sydney : Pretty spectacular recovery, Claire.
UNK: Claire groggy : Really? Do you think it's going to be OK?
Sydney : We got almost all of the necrotic tissue.
Sydney : A few times in a hyperbaric chamber and you'll be out of the woods.
Claire : Thank you for saving my leg.
Sydney : My pleasure.
UNK: Dr. Karev will explain the hyperbaric chamber. Dr. Karev?
Alex : Thank you, Dr. Heron.
Sydney : - A hyperbaric chamber... - I'll take that apology any time.
Burke : Thank you.
Meredith : So I'm going to give her a sedative, which will ease her discomfort.
UNK: And then I'll remove the tube. OK.
UNK: Alice's girlfriend : Are you ready?
Cristina : Yes.
Eleanor : Wait.
UNK: Alice whispers : Goodbye, Mommy.