Beckett : Now, were the two of you participating in the protests?
Corinne : Do I look like I'm in the 99%?
Corinne : No. We'd just left this bridal boutique near the Plaza.
Corinne : Nadia's getting married in June.
Beckett : And did you notice anyone standing near the light post?
Corinne : I don't think so.
UNK: Okay, well, I'm gonna need you to tell us everything that you remember
Beckett : from just before the bombing, starting with where you were.
Corinne : We were at the coffee truck, just trying to figure out our next move.
Corinne : I'm a little shopped out, Nadia.
Corinne : I mean, you tried on 11 dresses.
UNK: They made me look like the Stay Puft Marshmallow.
Nadia : We have to keep looking.
Corinne : Can we look from home? Online?
Nadia : I'm not buying my wedding dress on the Internet.
Corinne : It's just to give us ideas. We need to regroup.
Corinne : You are this close to bridezilla territory.
NADIA : Maybe I'll wear jeans to my wedding.
Nadia : Maybe we can hire that guy as the band.
MAN : That's mine. Give it back!
Corinne : Could you imagine the look on Mom's...
Nadia : Damn it!
Nadia : Watch where you're going! This was my...
Corinne : The force of it knocked us on our asses. Nadia almost got trampled.
Beckett : Wait. Can you go back to the Middle-Eastern man carrying the box?
Castle : And was he headed toward the lamppost?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Do you remember his face well enough to help us with a sketch?
UNK: West Side Wally. Back by popular demand.
UNK: Come on, Kojak, you know I prefer West Side.
UNK: West Side, then.
Esposito : Did you ever see that man in the Plaza?
UNK: Nope, guy's not familiar.
UNK: Westside Wally : Then again, lots of people, lots of faces.
UNK: Westside Wally : Plus, I was over here.
UNK: Westside Wally : That's my usual spot, not by the coffee truck.
UNK: Westside Wally : I don't care for the smell.
UNK: That put you 50 feet away from where the bomb went off.
Esposito : Did you have a clear view of this lamppost?
UNK: Westside Wally : Not really, man.
UNK: Westside Wally : And you know I always try to help Johnny Law.
UNK: Did you notice anything out of the ordinary
Ryan : in the minute before the explosion? Anyone suspicious?
CROWD : CHANTING Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Westside Wally : As a matter of fact, I did.
CROWD : CHANTING Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Espotsito : Stop. Let me understand this.
Espotsito : You saw Beethoven.
Espotsito : The composer who's been dead for 200 years,
Espotsito : in Boylan Plaza this afternoon? Oh, yeah.
UNK: And I bet that half-deaf bastard is behind all this.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT West Side, are you on any medications of any kind?
UNK: Westside Wally : I don't see how that's relevant.
Gates : What do you mean we have no leads? What about the Middle-Eastern man?
Beckett : We interviewed him. He cleared.
Castle : Yeah, that box he was carrying? Full of Chinese takeout.
Castle : Most dangerous thing in there was MSG.
BECKETT : Look, the fact is, is that we interviewed 94 people
Beckett : and we've got nothing to show for it.
Gates : This is not the news I was hoping for.
Gates : Especially since the FBI sent this over.
Gates : It was emailed to two other TakeOver! locations in New York an hour ago.
UNK: "You were warned to stop the protests. You didn't listen.
UNK: "Start listening now. Or today's bombing will be just the beginning."
UNK: He's gonna hit another protest.
Gates : The FBI's keeping this one under wraps,
Gates : but the clock is still ticking here.
Gates : And what you're telling me is that we're no closer to getting this guy
Gates : than we were when the bomb went off?
Beckett : Sir, somebody on this list
Beckett : saw exactly what happened within that 47-second window.
Beckett : But the problem is, that they're mixed in
Beckett : with all of these people that saw absolutely nothing.
Castle : It's like trying to find Waldo in a sea of Waldos.
Gates : I take it you have a proposal to fix that.
Beckett : If the FBI would let us view all video shot in the Plaza,
Beckett : then maybe we can figure out who was closest to the bomb.
Beckett : Start prioritizing the interviews.
Gates : Okay, I'll go down there. Do my best.
Gates : And if that doesn't work, we'll look to Plan B.
Gates : In the meantime, keep working on the list.
Beckett : She doesn't seem very optimistic about getting that footage.
Castle : You know, the witnesses that were closest to the bomb aren't on our list.
Castle : Maybe dead men do tell tales.
LANIE : I just saw a reporter in reception.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Have security get him out of here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I don't want him bothering the victims' families.
Lanie : SIGHS So nice to see a friendly face.
UNK: FBI has been up in mine all night.
Castle : All from the explosion?
LANIE : SIGHING They never had a chance.
Lanie : If you're looking for official cause of death,
Lanie : it's multiple blunt force trauma.
Beckett : Actually, we were wondering if there's anything on the bodies
Beckett : that might lead us to whoever did this.
UNK: Possibly. Meet Jesse Friedman.
Castle : He was the recruiter for the TakeOver! movement.
Lanie : He was also the guy closest to the blast.
Lanie : And we found bits of this embedded all over his skin.
Castle : Blue fabric?
Lanie : Lab ID'd it as canvas.
Lanie : They also found high concentrations of explosive residue on it.
Beckett : The canvas was part of whatever contained the bomb.
Lanie : Looks that way.
Castle : So a duffel or a suitcase.
Beckett : This is a huge break.
Beckett : That means we're looking for someone carrying a blue bag.
Beckett : Let's go update Captain Gates.
Castle : Can you just give me a minute?
Beckett : Yeah. Sure.
Castle : Hey, honey. How are you doing?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Yeah. I just needed a minute.
Castle : You look exhausted. How long have you been here?
Alexis : I'm not sure. It's been so crazy.
Alexis : I've been cataloguing the victims' personal effects.
Beckett : Well, that can't be easy.
UNK: I was fine.
Alexis : Then I saw how one of them had on this bracelet.
UNK: A string with beads, made by a little kid.
UNK: It was like that bracelet I made you for Father's Day when I was six.