Martha : Then she never will be.
Martha : Then you move on.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey! Thanks.
Castle : You got a sec?
Beckett : Yeah, what's up?
Castle : I've been thinking
Castle : about the victims
Castle : and all the opportunities they'll never have.
Castle : And I don't want that to happen.
Alexis : I've been...
RYAN : Beckett,
UNK: we got something.
UNK: It's okay. It can wait till after the case.
UNK: EXHALES
Beckett : Did you get the video from the Plaza?
UNK: Not yet. But what I have here is even better.
Gates : Data from wireless carriers that shows us
UNK: all the GPS-activated cell phones in Boylan Plaza.
RYAN : This is the Plaza yesterday at 4 : 32, right before the explosion.
UNK: Each red dot represents the GPS position of a specific phone.
Beckett : How did you get this?
Gates : I called in a favor from a friend at Homeland Security.
Castle : That is a damn good friend.
BECKETT : So then, if those red dots represent cell phones,
UNK: can we figure out who they belong to?
Gates : That's the whole idea.
Beckett : This shows us who was closest to the bomb. It gives us our witnesses.
GATES : Well, it can even show us where everyone was in real time.
UNK: Advance it to 4 : 32.
Beckett : The dots that disappear, that's the explosion.
Castle : Wait a second. Did you guys see that?
UNK: It was right before the bomb went off.
Castle : Ryan, could you take it back 10 seconds?
Castle : That dot right there.
Castle : Right before the explosion,
Castle : it goes to the blast site,
Castle : waits for a second,
Castle : and then rushes away.
Gates : Play it again.
Beckett : That's the bomber.
UNK: Let me see if we can pull up his ID.
Ryan : Cell phone's registered to an Andrew Haynes.
Gates : Tell me where he is right now.
RYAN : No GPS signal.
Ryan : His battery's either dead or his phone is off.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Haynes sounds familiar.
Beckett : He showed up in the precinct 20 minutes ago for an interview.
Castle : The bomber's in the building?
RYAN : Unis gave him a full-body. No weapons, no explosives.
BECKETT : He still thinks he's here as a witness?
ESPOSITO : We told him the search is routine.
CASTLE : So this is Andrew Haynes.
Castle : What's his story?
Esposito : He has it out for the TakeOver! movement.
Esposito : He's organized counter demonstrations,
UNK: disrupted their rallies.
Beckett : He even handed out flyers
Esposito : saying how they should be stopped by any means necessary.
Ryan : He walks the walk, too.
UNK: He's a suspect in the bombing of some Greenpeace offices a few years back.
BECKETT : Anything turn up at his place?
UNK: Yeah, a smoking gun.
Ryan : Unis found receipts to an Internet cafe where he goes.
UNK: And they traced those email threats
UNK: back to that cafe and Haynes' login ID.
Ryan : He's our guy.
UNK: So then why is he strolling in here, just as cool as can be?
Castle : My guess? He's proud of what he's done.
Castle : Can't wait to tell someone about it.
Beckett : Well, then let's give him the opportunity to do just that.
Beckett : Hi, Mr. Haynes, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: Andrew Haynes : I had to rub elbows with those whiny little troublemakers.
UNK: I was gonna do something drastic.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I wouldn't blame you.
Haynes : A free thinker. I respect that.
Beckett : My personal feelings aside, I still have to investigate this incident.
Haynes : Yeah, you know, you got to dot your I's and cross your T's. I get that.
Beckett : just before the bombing starting with where you were.
UNK: Uh...
Haynes : I was, like, right up here.
Beckett : So that's about 100 feet from the blast site?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And what were you doing there?
UNK: Let's just say, pretty much getting hassled.
Haynes : Hey, nimrod. Here, educate yourself.
Haynes : Here, why don't you give this a read?
Haynes : Hey, Garanimal pants. Quit the pity party,
UNK: get a freaking job, pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
UNK: Hello? Hey, I'm talking to you.
Haynes : Kitten, can you take...
Haynes : What's your problem? You don't like what I have to say?
UNK: Sorry.
Haynes : Can't face the truth?
Beckett : so, you were debating with the protesters until that bomb went off?
Haynes : Yeah, I was trying to give them a reality check.
UNK: I mean, half of them, they don't even know who they're protesting against.
Beckett : Right. And stopping them would actually be
Beckett : a service to this country.
UNK: Yeah, it would be item number one on any true patriot's "To Do" list.
Beckett : And you are a true patriot, aren't you?
Haynes : You're damn right about that.
Beckett : That's why you put that bomb in the Plaza.
Beckett : To defend the country that you love?
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Beckett : We know that you weren't with those protesters. You were down here.
Beckett : Dropping off the bomb and then running for cover.
Haynes : Based on what?
Beckett : We traced your phone. The GPS places you right there.
UNK: You can't prove that was me. I lost my phone yesterday.
UNK: Really? Mmm.
Beckett : Okay, then maybe you can explain this.
Beckett : Threatening emails that you sent from an Internet cafe,
Beckett : promising to continue those bombings until the protests stopped.
Haynes : I'd like to talk to my lawyer.
JOHNSON : White male, antisocial loner, extreme political views.
UNK: Agent Johnson : He's a perfect fit for the profile BSU worked up for us.
UNK: Agent Johnson : We'll continue questioning him downtown.
Gates : Well, according to my people, he's nowhere near confessing.
UNK: Agent Johnson : Well, have them re-interview the witnesses.
UNK: And find us someone who saw Haynes put that backpack down.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You're welcome.
UNK: So we talked to 20 witnesses along Haynes's GPS path.
Esposito : But none of them can positively ID him.
Ryan : With all the confusion, no one's exactly sure what happened.
UNK: Javier Esposito : You guys have any luck?
UNK: Four people remember seeing a guy in a black TakeOver! hoodie
Beckett : but nobody remembers seeing his face.
Esposito : A black hoodie doesn't get us home.
Esposito : Not with half the protesters wearing them.
RYAN : Somebody had to have seen this guy.
UNK: Here's a protestor we haven't spoken to yet. The street drummer.
Castle : After the cameraman rousted him,
Castle : that bridesmaid said he relocated by the coffee truck.
Castle : Which would put him right in Haynes' path.
UNK: Which means he could've seen Haynes's face.
Ryan : Yeah, but we don't know his name,
Ryan : and he's not on our witness list.
UNK: How are we gonna find this guy?
Martha : You know what, he's a street performer.
UNK: He's probably gotten nuisance citations.
Beckett : Which means, if he has, we should be able to ID him.
Malik : I make music. Why do you arrest me?
Beckett : We're not arresting you, Malik.
Beckett : We just need to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about what you saw in Boylan Plaza yesterday afternoon.
Malik : I know nothing about the bomb. I am an innocent man.
Castle : And we believe you.
Beckett : But we think that you might have seen
Beckett : something that'll help us catch the person who did this.
Malik : I don't want trouble.
Beckett : Malik, your visa expired, didn't it? Is that what's worrying you?
Malik : I cannot go back to my country.
Beckett : And I won't make you.
Beckett : I don't care about your immigration status.
Beckett : We just need to know exactly what you saw just before that explosion.
Malik : I will tell you what I can.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Are you saying that you saw the man
Esposito : wearing the TakeOver! sweatshirt
Beckett : put down a blue backpack in front of the lamppost?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Did you get a good look at his face?