Martha : You can't work side by side with her and not feel anything.
Castle : Watch me.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey, where were you?
Castle : Just clearing my head. Where are we on Bobby?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Uniforms are searching his place.
Beckett : We're hoping to find something that will break him.
ESPOSITO : FBI called with an update.
Esposito : The device used in Boylan Plaza was a pipe bomb.
Esposito : But here's the weird part.
Esposito : It wasn't packed with nails, ball-bearings or anything else.
Beckett : That is weird. Bombers usually add projectiles to maximize damage.
Castle : That's not the only way to maximize damage.
Beckett : So what was it triggered by? A cell phone? Trip wire?
Esposito : A remote. Probably rigged from a garage door opener.
Esposito : But the range on those is only about 100 feet.
Castle : So whoever detonated it was in Boylan Plaza.
UNK: And I bet you will find that garage remote in Bobby's apartment.
Ryan : No such luck.
Ryan : But we did find credit cards.
Ryan : With lots of different names on them.
Lanie : And we found some wallets
Gates : and some cell phones, too.
Ryan : In fact, one of those cell phones belonged to Andrew Haynes.
Beckett : Bobby's a pickpocket.
Bobby : Yeah, I pretty much am.
Beckett : That's why you attended the TakeOver! protests.
UNK: All those people hanging out, full of peace and brotherhood.
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
Haynes : Hey, nimrod. Here, educate yourself.
UNK: Here, educate...
Bobby : You got that right.
Beckett : Why didn't you just tell me the truth from the start?
UNK: And what? Admit to a cop that likes you for murder that I'm a thief?
Bobby : Amnesia seemed like the better plan.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So you lifted Andrew Haynes' phone,
Castle : which is why it looked as if he planted the bomb.
Bobby : Who's Andrew Haynes? BECKETT : Don't worry about that.
Beckett : Talk to me about the backpack. How did you get it?
HAYNES : Hey, you people, you're a virus. You're irresponsible.
UNK: You're infecting this country.
UNK: Hello! Can you hear?
Bobby : I lifted it.
UNK: Jesse Friedman : Hey! Hey, that's mine.
UNK: Give me that. That's mine! Give that back!
UNK: Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! That's my bag.
Jesse : Come back!
UNK: Come back here. Hey, hey you.
CORINNE : You are this close to bridezilla territory.
NADIA : Maybe I'll wear jeans to my wedding.
Nadia : Maybe we can hire that guy as the band.
Nadia : Damn it!
Bobby : I swear I didn't know a bomb was in it.
Bobby : I would never hurt anyone.
Bobby : Look, you got to believe me.