Castle : You said that remote had a range of about 100 feet, right?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
CASTLE : So whoever the partner was,
Castle : he must have been here somewhere.
Castle : Close to the bomb blast. Hidden among the crowd.
Castle : We need to take another look at the sequence of events.
Castle : Piece together the witness statements.
Castle : The answer is in the story, so let's start at the beginning.
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Take over Wall Street!
UNK: Leann West : Make sure you get the crowd in the background, Mark.
Mark : Another shot of you and the chanting masses. I'm so over this protest.
Leann : Yeah, next time, we'll do a piece on Brazilian runway models. I promise.
Mark : Gonna hold you to that. All right, let's roll this puppy.
Leann : Roger that.
Haynes : Quit the pity party. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps.
Haynes : Hey, nimrod, here, educate yourself.
Haynes : Here, why don't you give this a read?
Haynes : Hey, Garanimal pants.
UNK: He's easy pickings.
UNK: Here...
Haynes : Educate yourself, would you?
UNK: He spots the blue backpack. Unattended. Calling out to him.
UNK: Jesse Friedman : Hey! Hey, that's mine.
Castle : But Jesse sees him. And he flips out.
UNK: Give me that. That's mine!
Jesse : Give that back! Hey! Hey, that's mine!
Haynes : What's your problem? You don't like what I have to say?
UNK: Sorry.
Haynes : Can't face the truth?
Corinne : Could you imagine the look on Mom's face?
UNK: Bam.
NADIA : Damn it!
UNK: LINE RINGING
Castle : He's too late.
Esposito : Well, that's a nice story, bro.
Esposito : But it still doesn't tell us who Jesse's partner is.
UNK: Well, it's got to be whoever Jesse was on the phone with
Beckett : in the minutes before the bomb went off.
Castle : How long was that first incoming call?
UNK: Eight seconds.
Castle : So that was probably the all systems go call.
Ryan : Then after the backpack was stolen,
Ryan : Jesse tried to make an all systems not go call.
Ryan : But he didn't get through in time.
Beckett : Do any of the witnesses remember who Jesse was hanging out with?
Esposito : Not yet. But we're still reconstructing his movements
UNK: based on statements from his friends. Oh!
Castle : A Beethoven T-shirt.
Castle : Call and response.
Castle : I know who Jesse's partner is.
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Castle voiceover : just before he stole the backpack.
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Castle : That was actually Jesse Friedman,
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Beethoven : We're good to go.
Leann : Roger that.
UNK: Live in three...
Leann : I'm here at Boylan Plaza on Day 36 of the TakeOver! protest.
Castle : Leann West was on the other end of that phone.
Leann : No, I wasn't. I wasn't on the phone with anyone.
Leann : I was talking to my cameraman.
Leann : I already told the FBI the whole story.
Castle : Yeah, except you left out a few details.
Beckett : Like the fact that you knew Jesse Friedman.
Beckett : The two of you went to Hudson University.
Leann : Yeah, so did a lot of people.
Castle : We're guessing the two of you reunited at the protest.
Castle : You went out for drinks. And you hatched a plan.
BECKETT : He wanted media attention for the movement.