Park : So are you going for this team leader thing?
UNK: Probably.
Park : You deserve it. You have way more experience than me.
UNK: You're giving LIP?
Park : I wish. I still have a lot of med school debt.
Park : And my parents need help with their mortgage.
UNK: So, I could kind of use the money.
Joe : As of an hour ago, I'm just seeing one of everything.
UNK: Looks like you guys were right about... We'll be right back.
Chase : "I could use the money"?
UNK: You want to game me, you've gotta do better than that.
UNK: Chase... You want to be a leader,
Chase : you have to know how to manipulate. You can't just spill...
Park : I think the whites of his eyes were yellow.
Joe : Everything okay?
UNK: Jaundice.
Park : There's something wrong with your liver.
Chase : Liver function tests confirm his enzymes are totally out of whack.
Park : So much for myasthenia gravis.
House : Can we hurry this up'? I have a government to defraud at noon.
Adams : If you need to leave, you should.
Adams : I'm fairly confident our patient's got sarcoidosis.
Park : Wow, you said that with so much authority.
Park : Did anyone else get chills?
Chase : Just until I realized our patient has
Chase : no sign of parenchymal lung abnormalities,
Chase : which makes sarcoidosis a long shot.
Chase : And bookkeeping isn't gonna get you any farther than the boobs.
House : Though in fairness, the boobs were really, really helping.
Taub : I still think it's myasthenia gravis.
Park : Did you miss the recap? We treated for that, the liver tanked.
Taub : But his vision got better.
UNK: The liver problems could be a sign of celiac.
Adams : He's been back on gluten since he's been in the hospital.
Adams : Yesterday he had a burger.
UNK: That would've kicked his celiac into gear, causing the liver problems.
Chase : So your theory is that he has two unrelated diseases.
Chase : And he's already got low testosterone.
Chase : I seem to remember something about House hating coincidences.
House : It's true.
Park : I think it's Lyme disease. One single disease named Lyme.
Adams : Without a rash?
Chase : 10% of cases present without a rash.
House : Lyme disease it is. Start the patient on antibiotics.
House : I have to get home before my fake wife gets real annoyed.
Chase : Something bothering you?
Joe : I asked the nurse for an extra pillow. That was half an hour ago.
Chase : Sorry, things can get pretty hectic.
UNK: It's a pillow. I mean, how hard can a pillow...
Joe : Listen to me, I'm being a jerk.
Chase : Testosterone can give you a shorter temper even when you're not sick.
Chase : You noticed and adjusted. That's a good thing.
UNK: Hey.
Marlene : Just got a call from our lawyer.
Marlene : You changed our counter to Leading Lights?
Joe : You deserve proper billing and a salary bump in the second term.
Marlene : We talked about this. We decided it wasn't worth potentially blowing the deal.
Joe : It'll be fine.