Marlene : It's usually me that initiates things.
UNK: Sometimes I think maybe you aren't that attracted to me.
Joe : Are you crazy?
Taub : With these injections, you will see an increase in sex drive.
UNK: Great. Yeah.
Taub : All done. Okay.
Joe : Something's wrong.
Joe : I think I peed myself.
Marlene : Is that from the testosterone?
Taub : Couldn't be. I don't think you're going home just yet.
Chase : It's not a plumbing problem. Means it's probably neurological.
UNK: And?
Chase : And name Dominika's three brothers.
House : Volodymyr, Oleksiy and...
UNK: The low testosterone is off the table as a symptom.
Adams : Guy got his nuts cracked three years ago. Don't need to look much further than that.
House : So his hose just happens to spring a leak
UNK: at the same time he's in the hospital for a totally unrelated problem'?
House : - Fjodor. - It's Fedir.
Taub : If low testosterone means I can't get sick with something else,
Taub : then punch me in the junk right now.
House : I would if it weren't redundant.
House : Is Fedir the one who married Mykola?
Chase : Mykola is Dominika's uncle.
Adams : How is it you can retain every detail of our habits and personal lives
Adams : and none of this?
House : I find it hard to remember things I don't give a crap about.
House : Ergo, Dominika has one brother, and his name is Al.
Park : Maybe the testicular damage set the stage for something worse.
Park : Multiple sclerosis causes incontinence and progresses faster in men with low T.
House : Way to stay on point.
House : It's that kind of leadership that's putting you at the head of the pack.
Chase : There is no pack. She's the only applicant.
House : Well, that's settled, then.
House : Have your underlings do an LP
House : and get a cranio-spinal MRI to check for plaques associated with MS.
House : I will go tell Foreman about your promotion.
UNK: Wait. Wait.
Park : So nobody cares about the job until I apply
Park : and suddenly it's the last limited edition lightsaber at Comicon?
UNK: Just seems like ii should go to someone with more seniority.
Adams : Meaning you.
UNK: I said more, not most.
Adams : Meaning you or Taub.
UNK: House is a dictator. Second-in-command is a meaningless position.
Park : Doesn't look meaningless on my resume.
UNK: It doesn't have to be meaningless at all.
Adams : The right person could turn it into something,
Adams : get the department running smoothly.
UNK: I wonder who that right person could be.
Adams : House is the head of the department.
Adams : It's only fair that a woman should hold the other position of authority.
Park : Yeah, let's go affirmative action on this, because then I'll definitely win.
Taub : This is what House wants. Wind us up and watch us fight over an empty title.
Taub : Which would make us extra stupid because of what we've just been through.
Taub : We should let him choose whoever he wants and move on.
Joe : So if these proteins are in my spinal fluid, that means I have MS.
UNK: The proteins may indicate MS. There's no one definitive test.
Taub : That's why Dr. House ordered an MRI as well.
UNK: This is anaesthetic.
Adams : It's a scary diagnosis,
Adams : but advances are being made.
Adams : Several drugs approved just this year.
Joe : To be honest, at the moment I'm feeling a little more worried
Adams : about the testosterone injections.
Joe : It's making me feel different
Joe : Kind of amped.
Joe : I went through this big life change, and it felt really meaningful,
Joe : but what if it was all just chemistry?
Adams : Loss of testosterone could have been a factor.
Adams : It got you to re-evaluate. Now you know what's important.
Adams : You can choose to hold on to that.
UNK: Right?
Taub : Certainly worth trying.
Taub : Deep breath, stay very still.
Chase : Just tell House to drop the whole team leader thing.
Chase : That's the only way it'll go away.
UNK: I don't think ifs such a bad idea.
Foreman : A little more structure in your department couldn't hurt.
Chase : Yeah, House is doing this because of his great love of structure,
Chase : not because he wants us to turn on each other.
Foreman : So, don't do that.
Foreman : It makes sense to have someone in there with a little more accountability.
Chase : As long as it's not Adams.
Chase : She sees the whole thing as an opportunity to remake the department in her image.
Chase : Or Park, for obvious reasons.
Chase : And Taub's got the kids. He's pretty busy.
Foreman : Are you seriously angling for a job that you mocked as fake
Foreman : the whole time I had it? I don't want the job.
Foreman : You just don't want anyone else to have it.