Taub : You want? I'm good.
Adams : Your limp's almost gone.
House : It pains me to interrupt the collegial banter.
House : It pains me even more to listen to it continue.
House : 38-year-old man spikes a fever and collapses during a speaking engagement.
House : ER checks out blood volume,
House : cardiac function and autonomic reflexes. All normal.
UNK: Our patient makes a living telling men to behave more like women.
Chase : Surprised you didn't throw psych symptoms into the differential.
Chase : Either way, could be a cerebral AVM.
Park : ER did a head CT, no sign of AVM.
Park : Decent thought, though.
House : The patient's philosophy makes perfect sense.
House : Its only flaw is that it's impossible.
UNK: Evolution doesn't work that way. You can't talk legs onto a fish.
UNK: If we're gonna go extinct, we're gonna do it
House : drinking scotch and driving muscle cars.
House : Am I right?
UNK: Am I... Thank you.
Chase : - Cephalic fibromuscular dysplasia? - Doesn't explain the fever.
Park : The patient's talking about compromise.
Park : If you don't think that's possible, you don't think relationships are possible.
House : Anyone in this room in a position to disprove that?
Park : This guy's just playing to his audience.
Park : Women are by far the biggest consumers of the self-help industry.
Taub : He could have a pulmonary embolism.
Taub : Clot in his lung increases right ventricular afterload,
Taub : drops the blood flow to his brain.
Taub : We should do a pulmonary angiogram.
Adams : Patient lacks major risk factors for a PE.
Adams : Doesn't rule it out, just makes it unlikely.
Adams : - Maybe we start with a D-dimer? - Less invasive than the angiogram.
Taub : Good idea.
UNK: Fine.
House : Now, I am hereby searching for a number two.
UNK: Which is why I'm eating a lot of bran.
House : Also, I want a team leader, someone to fill Foreman's old job.
UNK: Why? You're right.
House : We don't need any more structure. It's not like we had a near-fatal stabbing.
House : Well, if it isn't the old ball and Ukraine.
Adams : Who's that?
Chase : His wife.
UNK: Dominika.
Dominika : House, you survived prison.
House : And you Atlantic City.
UNK: Where they also had gangs and pruno, but slightly less recidivism.
Dominika : I start Ukrainian food truck business.
Dominika : After gambling' win, lose, everybody likes a little knish.
House : You're here
House : and I seem to remember throwing out a bunch of
House : certified letters from Immigration.
House : I'm assuming there's a connection.
Dominika : Our green card interview is in four days.
Dominika : They come to the apartment. They ask questions about marriage,
Dominika : vacations, family history, what side of the bed each sleep on.
House : We've never taken a vacation, I don't like your family, and on top.
House : I hear Kiev is lovely at this time of year.
House : And your mother, who may or may not be dead for all I know, misses you.
Dominika : Can it be that genius doctor is afraid to take on a silly government apparatchik?
House : I would say more not interested than afraid but why quibble?
UNK: Then I go to plan B.
Dominika : Make you an offer that cannot be refused.
UNK: How long have you been doing seminars?
Joe : The marriage counseling, just the past couple of years.