Joe : But I'm not hoarse.
House : Exactly. But you were, three years ago.
House : Silent thyroiditis comes and goes.
House : And it, in turn, is a symptom
House : of Polyglandular Autoimmune syndrome, type 3.
House : Which makes this is a really bad idea.
UNK: PAS-3 attacks the body's own endocrine system,
House : moving from gland to gland.
Taub : or it would've, if you weren't on a gluten-free diet.
Taub : I was right.
House : This is incredibly relevant.
UNK: Eventually PAS-3 attacked your thymus gland.
House : You developed myasthenia gravis, which landed you in here.
UNK: Then you started eating gluten, which only made things worse.
Joe : So, am I gonna be okay?
Taub : We'll treat the various conditions with high-dose steroids.
Taub : Assuming they respond, you'll be fine.
Marlene : And the testosterone?
House : Kicked in the nuts is kicked in the nuts.
House : Over the past week, you have all had good moments and bad'
House : No one candidate has prevailed.
House : So now we embark upon a contest of medical strength,
House : stamina and skill.
Chase : Can we just get this over with?
House : If the competitor representing Australia would like to take a point deduction,
House : he should by all means continue yapping.
Park : Your glee is on the verge of making this not worth it for any of us.
House : Can I at least light the torch?
UNK: Hurry.
House : I declare open the games of the number one number two competition.
House : All right. Ready, set, suture!
UNK: T-time.
Joe : What happens if I don't take it?
Joe : Or at least, go to a much lower dose.
Taub : Are you having side effects?
Joe : No, I feel great.
Joe : Faster, clearer.
Joe : More like myself.
Joe : But my marriage and my career,
Joe : they're both built on me being somebody else.
Taub : Low testosterone can cause depression and problems sleeping.
Taub : It's also been linked to conditions such as osteoporosis and diabetes.
Taub : It will make your life harder and more dangerous,
Taub : on top of all the meds you'll be taking.
Joe : I'll take that risk.
Joe : I'm a better man without it
Taub : Well, this certainly has brought more structure to the department.
House : Really, I'm just excited for the wheelchair race.
House : You were smart not to enter.
House : Never in, never lose.
House : And since you no longer have stones...
Taub : I'll split the 50 a week with you.
UNK: Deal.
House : Honey, I'm home!