UNK: Ooh, little one. He'd be a good pick.
UNK: Smooth.
House : You let the rest of them compete,
House : tear each other to pieces, then you swoop in with the save.
UNK: Start the patient on MG and plasmapheresis.
Taub : Can you handle that, please?
Taub : - I need a minute. - Make it quick.
UNK: We're due in Memphis.
Taub : You think you want this, but it's a bad idea.
House : I was gonna go Dollywood, but I'm not sure I can pull off that wig.
Taub : Everybody was playing nice and in your world, nice doesn't solve cases.
Taub : But after what happened, a little bonding is a good thing.
Taub : We still have ideas, we still argue.
Taub : Maybe it could work better if we appreciate each other.
UNK: That's impressive. You said that whole thing without once moving your lips.
House : The ones you're not moving.
Taub : I get it. I won't play along with your stupid games,
Taub : so I'm no longer a man. Clever.
House : Actually, you won't play along with my stupid games
House : because you're no longer a man.
House : Still clever, though. Studies have shown that raising kids
House : lowers testosterone levels in men.
House : The more involved you are, the lower it gets.
Taub : Right, having kids has neutered me.
Taub : Or maybe it's helped me finally grow up.
Adams : How are you feeling?
Joe : As long as I keep my eyes closed, pretty good.
UNK: Really good, actually. I've got energy,
UNK: I feel confident, clear.
Adams : Testosterone does tend to perk you up.
Marlene : Hey, hon, I brought you a burger. Really?
Marlene : You're in the hospital. Eat whatever you want.
Joe : You are the best wife ever.
Joe : I'm not just saying that because of how great your ass looks in those jeans.
UNK: I'm sorry, that was a little...
Joe : No, it's okay.
UNK: A girl likes to know she's appreciated. Come here.
Joe : So, I think we should talk to Leading Lights about seminars and DVDs.
Marlene : You sure? You were worried about the commitment.
UNK: Yeah, there's no point being in business with them halfway.
Joe : You okay with that?
Marlene : It's good to finally have a decision.
UNK: Okay.
House : Fedir is the brother she worries about the most,
House : ever since Luba passed.
UNK: Sorry, this was the closest we could find to the cold, soulless offices
House : of a government bureaucracy.
Wilson : If you're not using your office, I will.
Park : Does Dominika still communicate with her high school friends?
UNK: Vasyly, yes, Oksana, no. Not since she kissed Paulo.
House : 'Cause that bitch knew that Dominika liked him.
Joe : - Wrong. - Oksana is a slut, dead to me.
Wilson : The right answer is the wrong answer.
Wilson : No husband would pay that much attention to his wife's friend dramas.
Park : Haven't you been divorced three times?
UNK: In between those divorces, I was married,
UNK: non-fraudulently,
UNK: for 12 years total,
UNK: which is 12 years longer than anyone in this room.
UNK: Move.