Park : Welcome to my wheelhouse.
House : You brought a protractor?
Park : You never know when you might need to make a pie chart.
House : Looks like someone is currying favor for the team leader position.
UNK: Yes.
Park : We'll be using a basic alphabet technique with a mnemonic multiplier.
Park : In high school, they called me the Bookie Monster.
Park : Pop quiz.
Park : Where did you get the candlesticks'?
Park : On three. One, two, three.
UNK: Morocco. Denver.
Park : Drink up. It's gonna be a long night.
Adams : You really think this guy's gonna Hulk out once the hormones kick in?
Taub : Some male lizards do push-ups to attract mates.
Taub : When scientists gave them extra testosterone,
Taub : they did push-ups until they died.
Taub : Same drive you took advantage of
Taub : to get Chase to carry a box of files down to your car yesterday.
Adams : Periventricular and subcortical white matter are clean.
Adams : So you're saying masculinity is ingrained and irrational.
Taub : I'm saying it's pointless to try...
Adams : By extension, you're also saying femininity is enlightened and rational.
Adams : It's the way we should all be. Guys just aren't capable of it.
Taub : Brain stem and cord are clean.
Adams : Go ahead.
UNK: I guess he doesn't have MS.
Adams : Is it your hand? No, it's my eyes.
Joe : I'm seeing double.
Park : Smile. It's your honeymoon.
House : So, what causes double vision on top of all the other symptoms?
Adams : It's not a brain tumor or we would've seen it on the scans.
Adams : Eye exam didn't offer anything conclusive.
Park : Let's do some winter shots.
Park : Wardrobe change.
Taub : Thyroid eye disease in conjunction with Graves.
UNK: Thyroid level's normal.
Chase : Check it out.
Chase : Simpson traded this in exchange for me helping out on some of my days off.
House : Quite the display of initiative and leadership.
Adams : But you're way too smart to fall for a blatant bribe like that.
Park : Or a blatant flaunting of cleavage like those.
Taub : What happened to not letting House get to you?
Taub : You're like lemmings marching off the cliff of competitive humiliation.
Adams : All I'm doing is my job.
Adams : House has indicated that he considers me attractive.
Adams : There's nothing wrong with me using my strengths to my advantage.
Park : With an argument like that, maybe you should just drop down to your knees and...
Park : I mean, unless that's not your strength.
Dominika : Big hug, big man. It's cold out here'
Taub : At the risk of derailing this very productive photo shoot
Taub : and bickering session,
UNK: what about myesthenia gravis?
Taub : Extra-ocular muscle weakness leads to double vision,
Taub : atonic bladder leads to incontinence.
Taub : Could've been triggered when his T got really low.