Joe : Before that I did corporate coaching.
Adams : Can't imagine the same advice works for both audiences.
Adams : Guess you shifted with the market.
Marlene : There's nothing cynical about my husband. He and I...
Joe : It's okay. I get it.
Joe : What guy thinks men should be more like women?
Joe : A macho jerk who got a big wake-up call courtesy of three drunks
UNK: who beat the crap out of me outside a sports bar in Milwaukee.
Taub : I'm guessing that explains the broken wrist in your medical history.
Joe : Those morons did me the biggest favor of my life.
Joe : I realized I'd sacrificed my health
Joe : because I couldn't back down from an argument over football.
Joe : Meeting Marlene was the final piece in the puzzle.
Joe : She changed my career, my diet.
Joe : She gave me a whole new direction in life.
Taub : We'll need to know exactly how you changed your diet and when.
House : Need my apartment key back.
Wilson : If you're breaking up with me, can we at least talk about it first?
House : Maybe if you weren't all nag and no shag...
Wilson : I don't sleep with married men.
UNK: I'll get a copy made. You're an ex-con. If you get caught
Wilson : perjuring yourself to Homeland Security, you'll end up back in jail.
House : That'd be troubling if there was the slightest chance that we'd get caught.
UNK: You barely know each other and you've got about five minutes
Wilson : to remake yourselves into a convincing married couple.
Wilson : And Why?
UNK: Dominika gets her green card. What's in this for you?
House : This is what men do for the women they pretend to love.
House : Also she's paying me 30,000 bucks once we pass.
House : Apparently, knishes sell like hotcakes.
Taub : Lab results.
House : Afraid you're gonna have to finish your nag later.
Wilson : I said I think it's stupid, right?
Wilson : Then I think I'm done.
Taub : D-dimer came back normal. Rules out pulmonary embolism.
Adams : And our patient's a true believer about the follies of masculinity.
Adams : He underwent a spiritual overhaul three years ago.
Adams : He also went off gluten and red meat.
Adams : Unfortunately' that doesn't explain any of his symptoms.
House : One of those points is not absurd.
Adams : What's absurd about a change of heart?
Adams : What this guy believes is making him a better person.
Adams : He's going against his baser instincts.
UNK: Base, meaning foundational,
House : meaning things we're biologically programmed to do.
UNK: Yeah, it's perfectly natural that he stopped doing that stuff.
House : That's the kind of lapse that could take you out of the running for team leader.
Adams : I feel surprisingly okay with that.
UNK: It comes with a 50 buck-a-week raise.
Park : I'm in.
UNK: You don't want to do that. You might need your dignity later in life.
Chase : You didn't.
House : And she could be on her way to living the dream
House : unless the rest of you nut up and give her...
House : This spiritual overhaul.
House : Did it come after a physical overhaul?
House : A major injury of some kind?
Taub : Bar fight.
Taub : But there's no way a broken wrist explains... Adams, come with me.
House : You, too.
House : You guys get a copy of that made.
House : Did those dudes bend your ball-sack like Beckham?
Adams : Three years ago. The bar fight.
Adams : This is Dr. House. He has a theory.
House : Dr. Adams, would you mind?
House : I asked you a question. I assume you know the answer.
UNK: Yeah. I took a couple of serious knees to the groin.
UNK: But what."
House : What has gotten into me?
House : Dr. Chase.
House : Just pick it up.
Joe : Do you know what's wrong with me?
House : You had a hot flash.
House : Those guys kicked your guys hard enough to do lasting damage.
House : You didn't even look when presented with two reasonably attractive tuchi.
House : Yeah, I said it.
Joe : I was listening to my doctor.
House : People generally listen with their ears, leaving their eyes free to wander.
House : I'm guessing that your testosterone level is just below Bieber.
House : Do a blood test to confirm, then start hormone replacement.
House : It's no wonder that you think women are so great.
House : You've basically been one for the last three years.
UNK: Tests confirmed House was right.
Taub : Low testosterone explains all your symptoms.
Taub : They should go away with replacement therapy.
Taub : We're gonna give you a fairly high dose.
Taub : Over time, your personal physician may reduce it a little.
Taub : Just need you to turn around.
Marlene : Will the shots increase his libido?
Joe : Are you worried about that?
UNK: No.
Joe : Have you been unsatisfied? No. No, it's just...