Perlmutter : Tied to her back molar.
Perlmutter : Going down her throat.
Ryan : Well, if that's what I think it is,
Ryan : this Jane Doe could have had a little side business smuggling.
Esposito : Cruise ship is a good place to sell drugs.
Esposito : International ports, a captive customer base.
Ryan : Maybe she got involved in a little onboard turfwar,
Ryan : competition took her out.
UNK: Except, whyjust one bag?
Beckett : I mean, if she was an actual mule, we'd be pulling out 20 of those.
Esposito : At least.
Perlmutter : I'll put a rush on this at the lab.
UNK: Meanwhile, we need to figure out
Beckett : which Iconic cruise ship our Jane Doe was on because that's our crime scene.
Ryan : I just got off the phone with the Iconic Cruise Lines.
Ryan : Our victim is Lara Madden.
Ryan : She was a dancer in their show called Speakeasy.
Ryan : Apparently she performed in it Iast night.
Beckett : Okay, well, that explains the flapper dress.
Ryan : And the boat she worked on is an old Titanic-era themed ocean liner
Ryan : named the RMS Bently.
UNK: It put into port at Manhattan Cruise Terminal at dawn.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : - Michigan ID? - Yeah.
Beckett : You contact her next of kin?
Ryan : Yeah, her mother is flying in later today.
UNK: She said that Lara quit herjob in an environmental non-profit
Ryan : in order to work on the cruise line,
UNK: AII to help her family get out of debt.
UNK: Perlmutterjust called.
Esposito : Turns out that baggie from Lara's stomach,
Esposito : pure uncut heroin.
Ryan : Uncut? No wonder she only swallowed one baggie.
Ryan : That eight-ball has a street value of 30K.
Esposito : Uncut heroin comes directly from the cartels.
Beckett : So how does a dancer from Michigan get her hands on that?
UNK: Could have came from anybody on the ship.
Esposito : Problem is, all of our suspects
Esposito : disembarked this morning.
UNK: Yeah, like, 2,000 of them.
Ryan : They're probably all over the city
Ryan : or flying back to wherever they came from by now.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you guys run the names
Beckett : from all the passenger and crew manifests,
Beckett : see if anything pops.
Beckett : I'll head off to the ship, see if I can find an actual crime scene.
UNK: Here at Iconic, we pride ourselves on two things.
UNK: The old world elegance of ocean travel, and our impeccable safety record.
UNK: So I'm sure whatever happened to Lara was simply a tragic accident.
UNK: Uh, well, she was shot in the head.
Beckett : So, unless she tripped and fell on a bullet, it wasn't an accident.
UNK: Now, I thought that all ofyour passengers
Esposito : disembarked this morning.
Janice : Oh, those are some of the ship's resident guests.
Janice : Mostly retirees who live aboard year-round.
Janice : Some of them, like the Nelson sisters,
Janice : have been on the ship...
UNK: Ionger than most of the crew.
Janice : We call them the Gossip Girls.
Beckett : Uh, I'm sorry, I have to get this.
Janice : Oh, sure thing.
UNK: Hey, Vikram. what do you got?
Vikram : We hit the motherlode!
Vikram : I ran the heroin found in our victim's stomach, Beckett,
UNK: it's an exact 100% match
Vikram : to the heroin Vulcan Simmons was selling.
Beckett : So Lara's killer is linked to whoever took over Vulcan's drug pipeline.
Vikram : This is it. what we've been waiting for.
Vikram : And do you believe it came from one of our own cases?
Beckett : Okay, we have to be careful.
Beckett : We can't let on that we know anything and blow our cover.
UNK: And I'm notjust talking about the target in the CIA.
UNK: Yeah.
Vikram : Good thing Castle's nowhere near this one.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Ahoy!
Castle : I'm the king of the world!
Vikram : Hello? Beckett?
Beckett : This can't be happening.
UNK: How did you get onboard?
Castle : You know, we always talked about buying a boat. what do you think?
Castle : I mean, I know it's a fixer upper.
Beckett : I don't know, maybe for our second anniversary.
Castle : Oh, I don't know if anything's gonna compare to the first.
Beckett : Um, you know, you really shouldn't be here.
Castle : Why not?
Beckett : Are we moving?
Castle : Beckett, I think your crime scene's making a run for it.