Beckett : Captain, you need to stop this ship.
UNK: That's not gonna happen.
Castle : Captain, we're investigating the murder of one ofyour ship's dancers.
UNK: Captain Ziering : I'm under orders from headquarters to get underway.
UNK: Are you telling me Iconic Cruise Lines is trying to cover up a murder?
UNK: I am telling you the company is near bankruptcy.
UNK: Captain Ziering : They can't afford the bad press.
Beckett : Stop this ship, or I will charge you with obstruction.
Beckett : I can call the Coast Guard to interdict this vessel.
UNK: Captain Ziering : Sure you can.
UNK: Captain Ziering : But you know as well as I do that by the time you activate them,
UNK: Captain Ziering : we'll be in international waters.
UNK: Where U.S. Iaws don't apply. That's what Iconic is counting on.
UNK: And just so the two ofyou know,
UNK: Captain Ziering : they're sending a boat to pick you up in about an hour.
UNK: So we got 60 minutes to investigate this murder
Castle : before we lose access to our crime scene.
UNK: Captain Ziering : - And about that. - Really?
UNK: Captain Ziering : I've been instructed to order the crew not to cooperate with you.
UNK: Hey, I'm not losing myjob over this.
UNK: We gotta divide and conquer.
Castle : Right. I'll talk to Lara's dancer friends.
Castle : They may be the last ones to see her alive.
UNK: Okay, butjust remember, they're not supposed to cooperate,
Beckett : so don't tell them that you're working with the police.
Castle : Where will you be?
Beckett : There are three Marthas on Lido Deck.
Beckett : If anyone knows anything about this ship, it's gonna be them.
Beckett : And plus, they're not with the crew.
UNK: AII right. Ifthey're anything like my mother,
UNK: you're gonna have your hands full.
Sarah : Okay, heads up.
Sarah : So some rich guy bought
UNK: the be-part-of-the-show dance package for our next cruise.
Castle : And I promise not to step on anyone's toes.
UNK: Are you Mr. Schirmer?
Castle : Yeah, I boarded early in hopes of getting in a little extra rehearsal time.
Sarah : I'm not sure how you boarded early, Mr. Schirmer, but we're...
Castle : Please, actually Mr. Schirmer's my father.
UNK: Please call me Jermuhkohnah...
UNK: - Sorry, what? - Jermphld.
UNK: Dave?
Castle : - At your service! - Well, Dave, I'm sorry,
UNK: rehearsal is not part of the dance package.
UNK: I'll tell you what. There's an extra hundy in it for ya.
Sarah : Places, everyone!
UNK: I'm gonna warm up a little bit. I thought... Okay, gotcha.
Beckett : Um, uh...
Castle : You know, a friend of mine
Castle : bought the dance package on a cruise about a month ago.
Castle : He said there was a dancer here by the name of Lara
Castle : who was very helpful. Is she here today?
Sarah : Actually, Lara's a no-show for today.
UNK: But ifyou want to meet her, you can ask her bunkmate, Bethany.
Castle : Thank you.
Sarah : So, Dave, uh, according to your questionnaire,
Sarah : you have professional dance experience, right?
UNK: Yeah. No, definitely.
Sarah : And you studied the video we sent?
Castle : - Yes. Of course. - Perfect.
Sarah : So let's take it from the opening number.
Sarah : Opening number.
UNK: Excuse me, Bethany? I...
UNK: Oh, good spot.
UNK: Okay. Let's take this from the top, people.
Sarah : We face upstage.
UNK: Upstage.
UNK: Yeah, thank you.
Sarah : A five, six, seven, eight!
Sarah : And walk, and hip, and left, and right,
UNK: and traveling, and Trio!
Sarah : And hip circle, flick,
Sarah : and hip circle, flick.
Sarah : Here we go and ready for the dance break!
Sarah : One, two, three, four,
Sarah : five, six, seven, eight,
Sarah : knees out, in, out, flick, out, in, out, flick. Jazz hands!
UNK: - That is great. - Yes! There you go.
UNK: - Traveling stage left, left. - Ooh.
UNK: - You got me. - And here we go,
UNK: cakewalk!
Sarah : Nice, Dave!
UNK: Good.
UNK: Ready for the big lift up!
UNK: Lara's down-to-earth,
UNK: Diane Nelson : not full of herself Iike some of those other dancers.