UNK: We were gonna go roust him.
Esposito : But we can roll without you.
Castle : No, actually, I was just leaving.
Beckett : Wait, no, Castle.
Castle : You have a job to do.
Castle : And there's no one better.
UNK: Officer Ellroy : Longarzo came in about 40 minutes ago.
Beckett : - Anybody with him? - No.
UNK: Officer Ellroy : He's alone. And there's no one else in the apartment as far as I can tell.
UNK: AII right, we'll take it from here, thank you.
UNK: Ifthis guy really is cartel,
Ryan : he might have an arsenal up in that apartment.
Ryan : Should we call ESU?
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Hey, stop! Get down.
UNK: Gun!
UNK: No!
Castle : You okay?
UNK: No.
Ryan : Acosta's partner could have brought us closer to LokSat.
Beckett : Instead, he's in the morgue.
Beckett : It's all come crashing down around my ears,
Beckett : and I've got nobody to blame but myself.
Vikram : Ah, you are having a pity party. That's okay. I'll leave.
Vikram : But I will be taking a prettyjuicy clue with me.
UNK: Ifyou're messing with me, I might shoot you.
Vikram : Does that mean you want to hear what I got?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Okay.
Vikram : I was able to trace the ownership of the warehouse
Vikram : where Sam Mackey dropped off the heroin.
Vikram : It's a Cayman shell corp.
Vikram : I dug back into the articles of incorporation from '99.
Vikram : You won't believe who wrote up those documents.
UNK: Caleb Brown : Caleb Brown.
Esposito : Acosta's public defender?
Vikram : Turns out Brown worked for a major corporate law firm back in the day.
UNK: Pulled in mid-six figures annually.
Vikram : Then he suddenly gave it up
Vikram : a few years ago to be a defender of the people.
Beckett : That's the perfect cover.
Beckett : It gives Brown access to assets in prison,
Beckett : and allows him to pass orders to dealers that we've already caught.
Vikram : Dealers like Acosta.
Beckett : Brown told Acosta to take the fall for Lara's murder
UNK: so that we would back off of the drugs.
Vikram : And Acosta obliged. That's how powerful Brown is.
Beckett : Okay, we can't go straight at this guy.
Beckett : He's not a scared truck driver. This guy is a shark.
Beckett : And if he sees us coming, LokSat's gonna burn all of us.
Beckett : We've got to track Brown's every move, nice and quiet.
UNK: It's gonna take time.
UNK: Yeah, but ifwe do it right,
Beckett : he'll lead us straight to LokSat.
Bethany : I thought you said lying was wrong.
Isaac : I did.
Hayley : It is. But she thought she was protecting me.
UNK: Okay, so does that mean you could forgive her?
Beckett : I don't know. Maybe.
Lucy : Yeah, don't take this the wrong way, Rick,
UNK: but you don'tmake anysense.
Castle : That's because I'm in love.
UNK: But you wouldn't understand that.
Lucy : So why are you talking to me about it?
Beckett : You were right.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Everything that you said, you were absolutely right.
Castle : Could you be more specific?
Beckett : That our break-up could have just been a cover,
Beckett : so that we could bring down LokSat together.
Castle : Yeah. I wish you would have come to me.
Beckett : Well, I'm here now. So let's do it.
Castle : It's not that easy.
Beckett : I thought that you would...
Castle : Just take you back? In spite of what you put me through?
Beckett : Look, Castle, I am sorry. I hate that I hurt you.
Beckett : That was never what I wanted.
UNK: But you did hurt me, Kate. And what's worse, you lost faith in me.
Beckett : No, I never.
Beckett : I need you, Rick.
Beckett : I didn't realize even how much I needed you until this happened.
UNK: Please.
Beckett : Just don't make me do this without you.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: You do realize I'm gonna have to punish you a little first.
Beckett : Naked punishing?
Castle : Very naked punishing.
UNK: Aw, you guys.