Sam : No, I took it straight to the warehouse just like I was told.
Vikram : Don't lie to us. we were watching. You didn't follow instructions.
Sam : Yes, I did. I went straight to the place in the Bronx.
UNK: By the Third Avenue Bridge.
Sam : Just like the guy from Panama said.
Beckett : Did you see anything?
UNK: No. No, I stayed in the truck Iike I was told.
Vikram : Who's the guy in Panama?
Beckett : I don't know.
Beckett : I know what you're thinking, Sam.
UNK: You're thinking I'm not gonna kill you,
Beckett : and you are right.
Beckett : But you've been running drugs,
Beckett : and that means the NYPD can seize everything in your life.
UNK: You want your kids to Iive out of a cardboard box?
UNK: 'Cause that's what's gonna happen.
Sam : I don't know any names.
UNK: They pay me not to ask questions.
Sam : Don't involve my family. I didn't have a choice.
Vikram : I think he's telling the truth.
UNK: AII right, Sam, here's what's gonna happen.
Beckett : I'm not going to arrest you.
UNK: But ifyou get another delivery, you call this number.
Sam : No, no, no. I can't. They'll kill me.
Vikram : They might. But if I arrest you, they definitely will.
UNK: And telling them about this conversation
Vikram : guarantees that your whole family will be wiped out.
Sam : I won't say a word.
Castle : - I promise. - Good.
Beckett : Now where exactly is the warehouse
Beckett : full of heroin?
Vikram : We're too late. They already moved the heroin.
UNK: And there're no street cams outside so we could see who picked it up.
UNK: Ugh. Damn it. This was for nothing.
Vikram : No, no, we do have something.
Vikram : We find out who the main players are at Friendly Island Sanitation,
Vikram : and the next time Sam catches the shipment, we'll be there.
UNK: It's Ryan. Hey.
UNK: Okay, yeah, I'll be right there.
Beckett : They think they found Acosta's partner.
UNK: A cell phone belonging to Acosta's mystery partner
Esposito : was used in East Harlem earlier today.
Ryan : We tore apart Acosta's life.
UNK: He used to crash at an apartment in that neighborhood.
Ryan : The name on the lease is Leo Longarzo.
UNK: Leo is a traveling salesman for an Ecuadorean import-export company.
Beckett : Well, that sounds like code for a cartel lieutenant.
Esposito : Right. He travels all over the world. No wife, no kids.
Ryan : And it gets better. we checked the passenger manifest of the cruise.
Ryan : Longarzo was on that ship.
Beckett : That's our guy.
UNK: AII right, send uniforms to sit on his apartment, see if he turns up.
UNK: Kate,
Beckett : we need to talk.
Castle : You know, when I hung up my shingle as a P.I.,
Castle : I knew I'd have to follow some wives, I just never thought it'd be my own.
Beckett : Castle, why couldn't you just trust me?
Castle : How can you ask me that?
Castle : I saw the text Vikram sent you last night.
Castle : I thought you were in trouble.
Castle : Instead, I find out you've been lying to me.
Beckett : I was trying to protect you.
Castle : From Allison Hyde's killer?
Castle : Yeah, it was easy to figure out once I realized
UNK: you weren'tjust looking for "me time."
UNK: LokSat thinks that his cover-up worked.
Beckett : That's why he let us live.
Beckett : And if he finds out that I'm still pursuing this,
Beckett : he will kill me and anyone that I am close to.
Beckett : That's why I had to push you away.
Castle : The fact that you even think that breaks my heart.
Castle : I'd walk into a tornado for you, Kate.
Beckett : And I would die if I lost you.
UNK: You wanna know what hurts the most?
UNK: You could've come to me with everything,
Castle : broken us up, just like you did.
Castle : Only it would have been a cover.
Castle : And together, in secret, we could have taken this guy down.
UNK: Only that thought never even occurred to you.
Castle : Because deep down inside,
Castle : you like being broken
Castle : and you need this obsession.
Castle : And no matter what I do, I can't change that.
Castle : Only you can, Kate.
Esposito : Hey, uniforms just spotted Acosta's partner going into his building.