Beckett : Or maybe she was being followed.
Martha : Either way, I'm going down to the Boat Deck,
UNK: see ifshe left anybreadcrumbs behind.
Castle : Meet you there.
Castle : There's nothing here.
UNK: Yeah. Looks like the deck's been cleaned.
UNK: There's no bread crumbs.
UNK: Unless...
Castle : Her roommate said that the crew stash things all over this ship.
UNK: What ifthis is the spot where Lara kept her stash?
Beckett : She could have come here after the show,
Beckett : swallowed the bag before they put into port.
Castle : Okay. So where do you hide something up here?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: We found the crime scene.
UNK: Killer must've shot Lara here, and then dumped her body overboard.
UNK: Okay. we are running out oftime.
UNK: We got 20 minutes before we're kicked off this ship for good.
UNK: AII right. She was shot in the head so there should be a lot more blood.
Beckett : And there we go.
Beckett : Blood residue right here.
UNK: So the killer tracked footprints through it.
Beckett : Uh, you know, can you put your shoe against it, just for scale?
Castle : You know, we really should take a little cruise.
Castle : Imagine all the romantic secret interludes we could have.
Beckett : You mean, like that scene in Titanic,
Beckett : - the one in the old car? - Yeah.
Castle : Jack and Rose and the steamy window.
UNK: We could justjump in one of these lifeboats and...
Beckett : The lifeboats!
Beckett : I don't know, Castle.
Beckett : It would be tough to get in.
Castle : What about right here?
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : That must be the uncut heroin.
Man : Hey, Acosta, they wantyou on B deck.
Acosta : I'll be right there.
Lara : Thank God he didn't see me.
Lara : I don't know what to do. I can't trust anyone on this ship.
Beckett : I'll just... I'll grab some evidence for the cops.
Beckett : And that must be our drug dealer.
UNK: I bet she was snooping around and discovered those drugs.
Beckett : So she was too scared to trust anyone,
Beckett : so she decided to smuggle out a sample.
UNK: I bet she hid the camera before the show and came back afterwards.
Beckett : She never made it. He must've seen her.
Beckett : He followed her after the show and then he killed her.
UNK: We gotta find him.
Castle : Fifteen minutes. Divide and conquer?
Beckett : Divide and conquer. Okay, go to the dancers,
UNK: see ifthey know who he is.
UNK: I'll go to the Operations Deck.
Beckett : Excuse me, I'm looking for Acosta.
Man : He's down there.
UNK: Acosta?
Beckett : We need to talk.