Beckett : Don't move. You're under arrest for the murder of Lara Madden.
Castle : So he wants an attorney.
Beckett : Public Defender's Office is sending someone over now.
UNK: Yo, this guy is dirty as hell.
Esposito : He's connected to the Los Zetas drug cartel.
Beckett : Well, look what we found on him.
Castle : He circled his prey.
Castle : This is Richard Castle.
Hayley : I take it that you're not alone.
Castle : No, not at all.
UNK: You should probably make it back here. I found something.
UNK: AII right, I'll see you soon.
UNK: Sorry, guys, I've got to take off.
Beckett : Hey, uh, Rick?
Beckett : Thanks for today.
UNK: It's my pleasure.
Vikram : Hey, Beckett,
UNK: - you got a second? - Uh, yeah.
Vikram : I watched the rest of the footage from Lara's camera.
Vikram : What I saw was disgusting and criminal,
Vikram : - but it had nothing to do with drugs. - Uh...
Vikram : She was filming cruise ship workers illegally dumping trash out at sea.
Beckett : So that's why she was on the Operations deck of the ship.
Beckett : She was making a documentary film.
Vikram : Poor thing was trying to be a one-woman Greenpeace.
Beckett : But she must have stumbled on a drug smuggling conspiracy,
Beckett : moving heroin through the cruise line's trash.
Beckett : That's brilliant.
Beckett : Nobody looks into the trash moving in and out of ports.
UNK: So all we gotta do now
Vikram : is trace the pipeline back to our mystery man inside the CIA.
UNK: Okay, start by finding the trash management company
Beckett : contracted with Iconic Cruise Lines.
Beckett : Clearly they're a part of this.
UNK: In the meantime, I'm gonna try to figure out who Acosta is working for.
Esposito : Captain Beckett, Salvador Acosta's Public Defender wants to have a word.
UNK: Uh, sure, yeah, come on in.
UNK: Caleb Brown : Hi, Captain Beckett, Caleb Brown.
Beckett : Hi, please sit down.
UNK: - I'm gonna go work on the old core. - Okay.
Brown : So, against my advice, Mr. Acosta wants to make a deal.
Brown : He'll cop to second degree murder,
UNK: ifyou will recommend a reduced sentence.
Beckett : Second degree murder, really? Um...
UNK: He's gonna have to give us something for that.
Brown : Okay, like what?
Beckett : Like who he's working for, and where the heroin came from.
Brown : What heroin?
Beckett : Counselor, we have video footage ofyour client
Beckett : smuggling kilos of uncut heroin.
Brown : Captain, my client insists
Brown : that those were merely bags of spoiled flour.
Brown : So unless you can produce any physical evidence,
Brown : you don't really have a case.
UNK: So...
Brown : Okay, okay, second degree murder,
Brown : no recommendation for a reduced sentence.
Brown : Take the win, Captain. Take it, 'cause we don't...
Brown : we don't want to go to trial.
UNK: Ha, letme guess.
Esposito : - He offer you a deal? - Yeah.
Beckett : I told him I had to think about it.
Esposito : Well, there's no way Acosta was acting alone.
Esposito : No way a cartel would leave a guy like that
Esposito : in charge of that much inventory.
Ryan : Now we finally have the evidence to prove it.
Ryan : CSU finally analyzed that blood residue from the photograph
UNK: you took at the crime scene. Check it out.
UNK: There's two different kinds offootprints next to Castle's shoe.
Ryan : Acosta definitely had a partner aboard that ship.
Beckett : We need to find something solid to make Acosta roll.
Ryan : You know, I have his cell records.
Ryan : There was a flurry of phone calls to a burner cell right before the murder.
UNK: Acosta could've been coordinating with his partner aboard the ship.
Esposito : I'll get in touch with the cell provider to see
UNK: ifwe can ping that burner phone so I can locate it.
Beckett : And take apart Acosta's life.
Beckett : Let's check known associates,
UNK: anything that will point us to who his partner was.
UNK: I found out who sent Kate that mystery text last night. It was Vikram.
Castle : Wait, Vikram? Our Vikram?