UNK: Elaine Nelson : Oh, except for the last trip. I mean, she was distracted.
UNK: Well, she didn't have time for our chats.
Beckett : Well, maybe she met someone new.
UNK: Why do you wanna know so much about Lara?
UNK: Is she in some kind oftrouble?
Beckett : Her name came up in a case, and I'm trying to figure out
Beckett : if she was involved with anyone onboard connected to drugs.
Sheri : Not that I know of.
Beckett : Elaine, is there something you wanna let me know?
Sheri : Are you toking again?
UNK: AII right, yes!
Elaine : And I score my weed from Isaac. Arrest me!
Elaine : Oh, no. Please don't arrest me.
Beckett : No, no, no. who's Isaac?
Diane : Isaac Dern. He's a bartender on board.
Diane : And I'm pretty sure that he and Lara Iike to "hang out together."
UNK: Oh.
Diane : Isaac Dern,
Ryan : history of drug and weapon arrests.
Ryan : Plus, he's got an outstanding warrant in Tulsa.
UNK: Well, with access to ports around the world,
Beckett : he could be tapped into cartels moving uncut heroin.
Ryan : This could be our guy.
UNK: AII right. Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan : You bet.
Diane : Isaac Dern, Captain Beckett, 12th Precinct.
UNK: I got strict orders not to talk to the cops.
Beckett : Okay, fine. You don't have to talk to me.
Beckett : I'll just have Interpol pick you up on your outstanding warrant
UNK: at your next port of call,
Beckett : and we can talk then.
UNK: Okay, what do you wanna know?
Beckett : Tell me about your relationship with Lara Madden.
Isaac : We're just friends. why?
Beckett : She's dead.
Beckett : Her body washed up last night. Did she steal your drugs?
Beckett : Is that why you killed her?
Isaac : Wait, what are you talking about?
Beckett : We know you deal drugs. we found your uncut heroin on her body.
Isaac : Whoa, slow down. I sell weed.
Beckett : And what about the people that you work for?
Isaac : I get my product from petty dealers at the ports. I'm not tapped in.
Isaac : And I didn't kill Lara. I swear.
Beckett : - Where were you last night? - Here,
UNK: until 3 : 00 a.m., serving cocktails to a bunch of drunk tourists.
Isaac : Wait, but I did see Lara after her show around 11 : 00 last night.
Isaac : She was still dressed in her costume, rushing to the Boat Deck.
Beckett : Was she with anyone?
Isaac : Not that I could see.
Sarah : You ready to go again, Dave?
Sarah : - Let's take five, people. - Take five, people.
Castle : So, you're, uh, Lara's roommate?
Bethany : Thought you said you had professional dancing experience.
Castle : Oh, yeah, I was a professional square dancer. A lot less cardio.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Listen, I'm not really Dave Schirmer.
Castle : I'm a private investigator working with the NYPD.
Castle : I'm sorry to tell you Lara's been murdered.
Bethany : Murdered? wait, what?
Castle : Do you know if she had a problem with anyone on the ship?
Bethany : - I don't think so. - Okay.
Castle : Had she been acting unusually recently?
UNK: Yeah.
Bethany : Lately, Lara was spending a lot of her free time
Bethany : below decks in Engineering.
Castle : - Do you know why? - She wouldn't talk about it.
Castle : Can I go down to your bunk, just to look through Lara's things,
Castle : see if she had a diary or anything that might help find her killer?
Bethany : If Lara had a diary,
Bethany : the last place she would keep it is in our bunk.
Bethany : Things get stolen all the time on this raggedy ship.
Bethany : We all have secret stash spots. Some of them are pretty creative.
Castle : You have any idea where Lara's stash spot was?
UNK: Sorry.
Castle : Thank you for your help.
UNK: Hey, get anything?
Castle : A pulled groin and a potential clue.
UNK: Lara spent a lot oftime below decks at Engineering. How about you?
Beckett : A bartender saw Lara after the show last night
Beckett : standing by the Gantry 23.
Castle : Maybe she met someone for a drug deal and things went sideways?