UNK: Alexis Castle : How do you think it went?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Well, we'll find out soon enough.
UNK: Richard Castle : Ah, my two favorite redheads.
UNK: Richard Castle : And what are you doing here?
Alexis : We wanted to know how your anniversary went.
Martha : And we came prepared either way.
UNK: Tears or cheers!
Martha : Which one is it, kiddo?
UNK: Aw...
Castle : Guys, it was great.
Castle : And when I say great, I mean, after the last few weeks it was...
UNK: Great.
Alexis : So does this mean you and Beckett
Alexis : - are back together? - Uh...
Castle : well, no, this means, uh, we're making progress.
UNK: And I'm gonna, you know, keep the mojo going
UNK: by wriggling my way into her homicide cases.
James : - Ah. - Hello, all!
UNK: - Hi. Good morning. - Hey.
Martha : Oh, well, look who's here.
UNK: Martha.
Martha : Ooh, I am so glad you agreed to consult with Richard.
Martha : Maybe now this money pit will turn a profit.
Castle : What was that, Mother?
Martha : Oh, look at the time. We have to go, darling.
UNK: Oh, Richard, I am so pleased about you and Katherine.
Castle : Thank you.
Martha : - Try not to blow it. - Thank you.
Alexis : - Congrats, Dad! - Thank you.
Martha : See you later.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Bye.
Hayley : - Why are you lying to them? - I'm not...
Castle : I'm not lying to them.
Hayley : Oh, good.
Hayley : So you did tell them that your anniversary was cut short
Hayley : when Beckett received a mystery text?
UNK: I might've left that part out.
UNK: Oh, did you also maybe leave out the part where you asked me
Hayley : to come in this morning in order to hack Beckett's cell phone
UNK: to tell you who sent you that text?
Castle : Okay, I know how that looks,
UNK: but something is going on with Beckett, and I'm worried about her.
Castle : I know.
UNK: Okay, you go do what you need to do. I'll see what I can find out.
Castle : Okay. Oh, uh...
Castle : You know, Hayley, I set up the small office
Castle : on the other side of reception especially for you.
UNK: Aw! I'm good here.
Castle : But this is my office.
Hayley : Of course it is.
Hayley : I shall call you if I find anything out.
Hayley : Have a good day.
UNK: Uh, Vikram?
UNK: Surprise!
UNK: Vikram Singh : Welcome to our new office.
Beckett : A strip club? Really?
Vikram : Hey, you said to find a location where we could hunt
Vikram : for LokSat without anyone Iooking over our shoulders.
Beckett : Yeah. And, uh, this is the best you could find?
UNK: It's perfect. Vice raided the place, now it's tied up in trial.
Vikram : We can operate here for months completely off the grid.
Vikram : Plus, I can work out my core.
Beckett : So, the text from last night,
Beckett : what did you find?
Vikram : Actually, uh,
UNK: that's a dead end.
UNK: What?
Vikram : My bad.
Beckett : And you didn't know this last night?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Did you text me to pull me out of my anniversary dinner with Castle?
Vikram : Look, you broke up with him for a reason.
Vikram : No one can know what we're doing, especially Castle. It's too dangerous.
Castle : I know!
Beckett : And I am being extremely careful.
Beckett : I'm just trying not to lose my marriage in the process.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay, I'll meet you at the morgue.
UNK: We found a floater at the 79th Street Boat Basin.
Beckett : I gotta go.
Vikram : Oddly validating.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Yo, Perlmutter.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Oh, so you're going full hipster now?
UNK: Yeah, have you started jarring artisanal pickles yet?
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : Ah, you've come bearing jokes. Wonderful.
Beckett : So we get an ID yet?
Perlmutter : Uh, no, she's a Jane Doe.
Perlmutter : Twenties, contact gunshot wound.
Beckett : It looks like she was killed execution-style,
UNK: then dumped in the water.
Beckett : Oh, wow. Sounds like a mob hit.
UNK: From who, AI Capone? That dress is straight out of the '20s.
Perlmutter : Uh, it's a costume, Detective.
Beckett : So our Jane Doe must have been a cruise ship entertainer.
UNK: So she could've been killed aboard any ship in the Atlantic
Ryan : and drifted here on the currents.
Perlmutter : Or not. Based on the modest level
Perlmutter : of blanching and bloating,
UNK: her body's been in the water Iess than 10 to 12 hours.
Beckett : So whatever boat she was on could still be nearby.
Beckett : You know what, guys, Iet's start with the...
Perlmutter : Now, hold on.
UNK: Some kind offloss.