Hayley : Oh, yes.
Castle : What's this?
Hayley : Oh, it's a secret messaging program between Kate and Vikram's cell phones.
Hayley : It routes through proxy servers into an encrypted central server.
UNK: State-of-the-art spycraft.
Castle : But why? what are they up to?
Martha : I could ask the same thing of the two ofyou.
Martha : Richard, what's going on?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: I told you ifyou can't tell your mother what you're doing,
Martha : you should not be doing it.
Castle : Yes, when I was eight.
Martha : Well, exactly, and you should know better by now.
Castle : My wife is in trouble.
Castle : I have to know what's going on. I have to help her, I have to protect her.
Martha : No, you have to trust her.
Castle : But it's finally starting to make sense. Don't you see, Mother?
Castle : Beckett broke up with me right after Allison Hyde's death.
Castle : That's also when she brought in Vikram.
Hayley : So we have to ask ourselves, what ifAllison Hyde didn't kill herself?
Hayley : What if she was murdered?
Castle : Yes, by the same people who murdered Senator Bracken
Castle : and Beckett's former team at the AG.
Hayley : And of course Vikram used to work at the AG's office.
Hayley : What if Kate brought him in to secretly help her investigate those murders?
Castle : Can you hack Vikram's firewall?
UNK: Sure. It'll take a while.
UNK: Richard!
Martha : Look, regardless ofwhat Katherine is doing, and why,
UNK: are you sure that you wanna do this?
Martha : Because if she finds out that you are spying,
Martha : you may just have crossed a line you cannot uncross.
Castle : She may just get herself killed. She's left me no other choice.
Martha : There's always another choice.
UNK: So, what's it gonna be, Rick?
Castle : I have to know.
Castle : No matter the consequence.
Castle : Do it.
UNK: Hey, remember that burner cell that Acosta called the night of the murder?
UNK: Itjust pinged off a cell tower
Ryan : at 125th and Lex in East Harlem.
UNK: Acosta's partner is in the city.
Esposito : Now, how to find him?
Esposito : He could be anywhere within a couple-mile radius from that cell tower.
Ryan : We need to dig into Acosta's life,
Ryan : see if he had any connections to that part oftown.
UNK: I'll give Beckett the heads-up.
UNK: Hey.
Vikram : The trash company that contracts with the cruise line
Vikram : is called Friendly Islands Sanitation.
Vikram : They have satellites in Latin America, the Caribbean and North Africa.
UNK: Oh, key points in the worldwide drug trade.
Beckett : So, somebody inside the trash company must have cut a deal with LokSat
Beckett : to move drugs through the cruise line.
UNK: The heroin shipment Lara videotaped
UNK: was off-Ioaded with the trash the minute the ship docked in New York.
Vikram : It could be anywhere by now.
UNK: Okay, we gotta follow the garbage, see where it went.
Vikram : On it.
Beckett : It's Castle.
Vikram : Don't answer it.
Beckett : Hey, Rick. What's up?
UNK: You decided to buy thatboat?
UNK: Well, someone's in a good mood.
Castle : You thinking about our naked time?
UNK: Um, no.
Castle : Well, I am. Haven't stopped thinking about it.
UNK: As a matter offact, um, tell you what, how about
Castle : round two tonight? My place, no one has to know.
Beckett : Yeah, I can't. I have to work tonight.
UNK: Um, well, I thought being a Captain meant you could delegate?
Beckett : You know what, I actually have to do a few things myself.
Castle : Well, maybe I can help. What are you working on?
UNK: Um, Captain stuff.
UNK: Well, then...
Castle : Then good luck with your Captain stuff.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Hello?
Hayley : Yep, we got it.
Hayley : Her cell signal was our Trojan horse through Vikram's first firewall.
Hayley : Now I can hack one server at a time
Hayley : until I find his central server.
Hayley : Second thoughts?
Castle : Second, third, fourth.
Castle : No, let's keep going.
Vikram : Everything all right?
UNK: Yeah. I mean, he was just a little weird.
Vikram : Normally he's a lot weird, so...
UNK: In a charming kind ofway.
James : - Oh. - Check this out.
UNK: Three dump trucks off-Ioaded trash from our cruise ship this morning.
UNK: AII three left at 8 : 05 a.m., but only two showed up at the dump at 9 : 17.
Beckett : So the third one must have been carrying the heroin
Beckett : and then it stopped after it made the delivery.