UNK: Look! My vessel so lovely, with nothing inside?
Phoebe : Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still?
UNK: He thinks Monica's empty. She's the empty vase!
UNK: - Vase, vase? - Monica's not an empty vase.
UNK: You think vase?
UNK: - You really think that's what he meant? - Totally.
Ross : Oh, God! And she seems so happy too.
UNK: Done.
UNK: What happened?
UNK: Joey, what do you think this poem means?
UNK: Monica's the vase, right?
UNK: You are such a mystery to me.
UNK: Do you have the Ralph Lauren file?
UNK: Oh, yeah, sure! It's right...
Mark : What's that?
Ross : It's from Ross. It's a Love Bug.
Mark : Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.
UNK: No, that's not what he's doing.
Rachel : He's just really romantic.
UNK: - Excuse me. Are you Rachel Greene? - Yes.
Man : One, two, three.
Quartet : Congratulations on your first week At your brand-new job
Quartet : It won't be long Before you're the boss
Quartet : And you know who will be there To support you
Quartet : Your one and only boyfriend
UNK: The Bass Barber : It's nice to have a boyfriend!
Quartet : Your loyal, loving boyfriend, Ross!
Ross : I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt...
UNK: ...that you'd think I'd send you any of those things out of anything but love.
Ross : Hurt! Hurt!
UNK: All right, Ross. I get it. You're hurt!
Ross : Can't a guy send a barbershop quartet...
UNK: ...to his girlfriend's office anymore?
Phoebe : Oh, please! Ross, it was so obvious.
Rachel : It was like you were marking your territory.
UNK: You might as well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
Ross : I would never do that.
Rachel : Look, I know what's going on here, okay?
Rachel : Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
UNK: Yeah, well, if Mark said that, then Mark's an idiot.
Joey : Mark's a genius.
Ross : Why? How? How is he a genius?
Chandler : Don't you see what's happening here?
Chandler : Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidante.
Chandler : Now he's gonna be the guy she goes to, to complain about you.
UNK: You okay over there?
UNK: I tried taking a dance class today to get ready for this callback tomorrow.
UNK: - How'd it go? - Knocked over a girl.
UNK: Good work. Can we get back to the Mark thing? What am I gonna do?
Chandler : Why don't you send her a musical bug?
Chandler : No, you already did that.
UNK: All right, you're gonna have to go there yourself now.
Chandler : - Make a few surprise visits. - I don't know, you guys.
Chandler : Fine, don't do anything. Just sit and talk to us.
Chandler : Meanwhile, she is talking to him about you.
Chandler : And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive.
UNK: She starts thinking, "Maybe this is the guy for me because he understands me."
Joey : And before you know it, she's with him.
UNK: And you'll be all, "Oh, man!"
UNK: And he'll be all, "Yes!"
UNK: And us, we'll be like, "Oh, dude!"
UNK: And pretty soon you'll be like :
UNK: "Hi."
UNK: And, "Well, I can't go. Rachel and Mark might be there."
UNK: And we'll be like, "Man, get over it! It's been four years!"
Chandler : He paints quite a picture, doesn't he?
UNK: Here's the Shelley Segal stuff for December.
Mark : Wait, I've got something for you.
Rachel : - Mark. - It's okay. Rachel knows.
Woman : Yeah, but even so.
Mark : I can't help it. I'm just crazy about you.
UNK: Oh, that is so sweet!
UNK: I know I'm Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough.
UNK: I mean, I see you walking around, and I want to touch you and hold you.
Mark : Come on, no one's around. Just kiss me.
UNK: All right, that's it! Get off of her!
Mark : What is going on?
Rachel : What's going on? I'll tell you what's going on!
UNK: Ross!
Ross : I have been down in your store for 20 minutes, trying to get a tie.
Ross : What do I have to do to get some service?
Ross : Hi, Rach.
Director : Joey? Joey Tribbiani?
UNK: Joey, I've got a problem.
Director : I just got a call from my dance captain.
Director : He's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
UNK: So does that mean the audition's off?
Director : Listen, Joey. Seeing as you've got the most experience...
Director : ...I want you to take these dancers and teach them the combination.