Ryan : Look, Gwen, I'm here for you. But I need to know the truth.
Ryan : What's he into?
Gwen : Things were tight last year.
Gwen : You know, both kids are at Saint Margaret's now,
Gwen : and that costs an arm and a leg.
Gwen : But then some money started coming in.
Esposito : From where?
Gwen : Frank said that he was picking up extra work and...
Gwen : But he never ran it through the company.
Gwen : It was always cash.
Ryan : How much cash?
UNK: Over time, close to 50 grand.
UNK: Kevin!
Gwen : You know Frank. You know he would never hurt a soul.
Ryan : Okay, then tell me where he is before he's the one who gets hurt.
Castle : Any word from Ryan?
Beckett : Uh, no, not yet.
UNK: It's got to be tough. Frank is like a brother to him.
Castle : Well, maybe Frank isn't in this as deep as we think.
Castle : Esposito still hasn't found anything
Castle : connecting him to Carolyn Decker.
Beckett : Yeah, well, neither have I.
Beckett : Hate this part.
Castle : Going through a victim's effects?
Beckett : Yeah. Especially a purse.
Beckett : Everything in it just is so intimate.
Beckett : It's like you get a chance to really see who a person is.
Ryan : Or was.
Castle : And who was Carolyn Decker?
UNK: Uh, she was, um, a workaholic.
Beckett : The daily alarm on her phone is set for 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : And her calendar shows
Beckett : that she was completely dedicated to Pure Water Now.
Beckett : She has that handwritten letter
Beckett : from a little boy in Africa in her wallet,
Beckett : thanking her.
Beckett : His village was almost completely wiped out by cholera,
Beckett : and then once they set up the water filtration system in the village,
Beckett : nobody died.
Beckett : She was actually making a difference.
UNK: Megan Brooks : You know, you make a difference, too.
Beckett : Yeah, not like her.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: What?
Beckett : She's got a second phone.
Castle : Anything on it?
Beckett : Yeah. Motive for murder.
UNK: What did you do, Frank?
Frank : Not what you're thinking, man.
Ryan : It's a nice touch,
UNK: the way you acted all surprised when I remembered
UNK: that Chambers was wearing a press pass.
UNK: But you weren't surprised, Frank,
Ryan : because all along it was you that gave it to him.
Ryan : You hired me for this job
Ryan : because you knew that I would never suspect you.
UNK: You knew that you could steer the investigation.
Frank : No. No, it wasn't like that and nobody was ever supposed to get hurt.
Frank : What the hell does that even mean?
Ryan : Carolyn Decker, she's dead.
UNK: I blamed myself. All along it was you.
Frank : Kev, I got myself into something and I got...
Frank : I can't get myself out.
Ryan : How could you do this?
Ryan : How could you do this to Gwen and the kids?
Ryan : Look me in the eyes and tell me.
Ryan : Did you kill Carolyn?
Ryan : Did you know her? Did you do it for the money?
Frank : I didn't kill nobody.
Ryan : You had to have done something, Frank.
Ryan : Where'd you get all that cash?
Frank : The security thing
Frank : ain't going as good as I said.
Frank : Times are tough, you know?
Frank : I needed money.
Frank : So, I made some cash on the side
Frank : by selling access.
Ryan : What kind of access?
Frank : Slipping people in backstage at a concert,
Frank : passes to fringe journalists, you know,
Frank : who can't get in the front door.
Frank : I swear to you, I didn't know that
Frank : press pass was going to Chambers.
Frank : I'm just trying to provide for my family, for your sister.
Frank : I thought of all people you'd understand that.
Ryan : Who paid you for that pass?
UNK: No.
Frank : I told you everything I know.
UNK: And that's all you're gonna get
Frank : 'cause we both know what happens to cops in prison.
Frank : I ain't turning myself in.
UNK: Frank.
UNK: Frank!
Beckett : Ryan, I'm so sorry.
Beckett : I know.
UNK: It's gonna be a lot harder on my sister.
Ryan : But at least Frank isn't our shooter.
Castle : Does he know who is?
UNK: No. He received $5,000 and an envelope
Ryan : along with an address where to leave the press pass.
Beckett : And who paid him?
Ryan : He was contacted by an outfit called Manhattan Politics.
Ryan : Turns out, it's a front, with a dead email address.
Castle : So whoever's behind this set up Eric Chambers
Castle : and used Frank to do it.
Beckett : Can we trace the money?
Ryan : No luck so far. Though the bills are sequential,
Ryan : so it probably came from a bank withdrawal.
Castle : What about the envelope?
Ryan : CSU pulled off a partial print,
Ryan : but it's not enough to run against the database.
Beckett : Maybe we don't have to.
Esposito : What do you mean?
Castle : Well, given the texts we found on Carolyn Decker's phone,
Castle : we may only have to check one name.
Mia : Alex will be discharged later today
Mia : and we are so grateful and humbled