Ryan : I think we literally just found the smoking gun.
UNK: Get this. Unis found a .38 caliber pistol
UNK: in a storm drain about a block away
UNK: from the hotel. Recently fired.
Castle : Weren't there metal detectors at the venue?
UNK: Yeah. Which means that the gun might've been waiting for him,
Esposito : stashed at the hotel.
Ryan : Along with the press pass.
Castle : So, that suggests he wasn't acting alone.
Beckett : And Lopez might still be a target.
Esposito : I'll call down to the hospital and beef up security.
Beckett : If we can reconstruct Chambers' movements from the venue,
Beckett : we might be able to figure out how he got that gun.
Castle : And who he was working with.
Ryan : You know, when we were trying to ID Chambers,
Ryan : we rounded up hundreds of photos from that event.
Ryan : I think I know where to start.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Some were taken by photographers,
UNK: Tory Ellis : others by guests on their cell phones.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I used facial recognition to try and search for Chambers.
Ryan : Did you find him?
UNK: He appears in 14 pictures, mostly in the background.
Tory : Since each photo is time-stamped...
Tory : ...I was able to plot his movement at the venue.
Tory : Each dot represents where Chambers was photographed.
Ryan : Does anyone in the photos ever hand him something?
Ryan : Does he ever retrieve an object the size of a gun?
Tory : I'm afraid not.
UNK: But there is a five-minute gap when Chambers is unaccounted for.
Tory : This is the last photo before the missing time.
Ryan : That door leads to a storage area.
Tory : Then maybe that's where the gun was stashed.
Ryan : No. No, no. Security protocol would've
Ryan : had that door locked for the evening.
Tory : Well, this room wasn't locked.
Tory : Here's another picture of it, taken around the same time.
Ryan : That guy works for the hotel.
UNK: If that door was supposed to be locked, what was he doing in there?
Ryan : Julian Bailey?
UNK: Yes?
Esposito : You mind telling us what you were
Ryan : doing in the storage room last night?
Julian : I wasn't in any storage room.
Ryan : Oh, then who's this? Your evil twin?
Julian : Okay, yeah. I snuck in there for a girl, you know?
UNK: We were gonna meet up, but she never showed.
Frank : All right. Have you seen this guy?
Julian : Yeah. He came in the room.
Julian : I wasn't supposed to be there, so I hid.
Ryan : What was he doing in the room?
Ryan : Was he looking for something? Did he have a gun?
Julian : A gun? No. He was with another dude. They were talking all intense.
UNK: You have to be smart about when
UNK: and where we bring Mr. Lopez down.
Chambers : I've got it covered, okay?
UNK: Lopez is gonna get what's coming to him.
Esposito : And you didn't think to mention this before?
Julian : I was afraid I'd get fired.
UNK: Plus, by the time I realized he was
Julian : the one who shot the Congressman,
Julian : you guys had already caught him.
Ryan : All right, this other dude that he was talking to,
Beckett : did you see his face?
Julian : Just for a second, as the two of them were walking out.
Castle : Carl Shelton?
Castle : As in billionaire industrialist Carl Shelton?
Ryan : Yeah. And he's no fan of Lopez.
Ryan : I saw Shelton tell Lopez to his face
Esposito : that he would never become president.
Castle : Maybe Shelton wanted to make sure. So, he colluded with Chambers.
Esposito : It's starting to look that way.
Esposito : Especially since Shelton is co-owner of this hotel.
Beckett : Which means he would have access to a press pass
Beckett : and know how to get a gun past security.
Castle : It's money versus power, tycoon versus politician.
Castle : A story as old as America itself.
Beckett : All right, let's try and find out what the connection is
Beckett : between Eric Chambers and Carl Shelton.
Lawyer : I'm afraid Mr. Shelton does not
Lawyer : know anyone named Eric Chambers.
Beckett : Well, we have a witness that saw
Beckett : the two of you talking to each other.
Lawyer : That witness is mistaken.
Lawyer : Mr. Shelton, you financed
Beckett : a group called America for Americans.
Beckett : It's co-founded by Eric Chambers.
Lawyer : My client... I...
UNK: Carl Shelton : I fund many grassroots organizations
UNK: Carl Shelton : who share my concern about the decline of this great nation.
UNK: Carl Shelton : But I'm not acquainted with every person in every group.
Esposito : Eric Chambers' views are hard to miss.
Beckett : He advocates armed resistance against
Beckett : what he calls "the US police state."
Shelton : Well, there's nothing wrong with ordinary Americans
Shelton : defending themselves against government overreach.
UNK: Well, this isn't about overreach.
Castle : This is about you getting rid of a politician who stood against you.
Shelton : What is that, Mr. Castle?
Shelton : Your latest work of fiction?
Lawyer : I believe that concludes our interview.
Lawyer : If you have more questions, get a subpoena.
Lawyer : Mr. Shelton, you put Chambers up to this,
Beckett : and I intend to prove it.
Shelton : Good luck with that.