Beckett : I have no idea.
Lopez : Maybe we can set up a foundation in Carolyn's name.
Mia : Yes, let's do that. Like, uh, a scholarship fund.
Megan : Why don't I look into that
Megan : and get back to you with options?
Lopez : That'd be great, Megan.
Beckett : Congressman Lopez, I'm Detective Beckett, this is Mr. Castle.
Beckett : We're investigating the shooting.
UNK: Megan Brooks : You know, as a politician...
Lopez : ...you know in the back of your mind that harm may come to you.
Lopez : But it should never come to an innocent bystander.
UNK: Congressman, did you notice anything
Beckett : or anyone suspicious prior to the shooting?
Lopez : Everything seemed normal.
Lopez : Until it wasn't.
Beckett : Well, we believe that the shots originated
Beckett : from the north end of the backstage area.
Castle : That's the direction you were facing
Castle : when you were speaking with Carolyn Decker.
Beckett : Did you notice anyone in the background?
UNK: I saw stagehands,
Lopez : production crew...
Lopez : There was this one guy.
Castle : What was he wearing?
UNK: A gray suit.
Lopez : Is that him?
Lopez : Is that the man that killed Carolyn?
Beckett : Did you see his face? Can you describe him?
Lopez : I can most definitely describe him.
Esposito : This is our guy. Eric Chambers.
UNK: A fringe blogger and political activist
Esposito : with some pretty extreme ideas.
Beckett : Okay, he looks like the sketch,
Beckett : but can we place him at the crime scene?
Esposito : CSU pulled Chambers' prints off the wall.
Esposito : So, he was there. It's definitely him.
Castle : I'm guessing he's not a big supporter of Lopez.
Esposito : That's an understatement.
Esposito : Two weeks ago, Chambers ranted on his blog
Esposito : about how Lopez posed a threat to the American way of life,
Esposito : and that he would get what all traitors deserve.
UNK: Where is Chambers now?
Esposito : His last known address is in the Bowery.
Esposito : Tactical's gearing up.
Beckett : Take Ryan. He should be there when you pick Chambers up.
UNK: Tactical's about three minutes out.
Ryan : How do we know Chambers is at home?
Esposito : - Tory pinged his cell. - He's in there.
Esposito : Hey, bro, we're gonna get this guy.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Jim Boyce : There he is.
Ryan : He's on the move!
Esposito : Chambers, freeze!
UNK: Chambers!
UNK: Get the hell off me!
UNK: You can't do this!
Ryan : Give me a reason!
Esposito : Eric Chambers, you're under arrest.
Esposito : We got him, Ryan. We're good.
Beckett : Mr. Chambers, you are facing charges for murder
Beckett : and the attempted assassination of a congressman.
Beckett : Your best hope for leniency is to confess.
UNK: Eric Chambers : I'll never confess. I won't give you the satisfaction.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you consider this
Beckett : a chance to tell your side of the story?
Chambers : My side of the story is that I'm innocent. This is all a charade.
Castle : The evidence would suggest otherwise.
Beckett : We found this stolen press pass at your apartment,
Beckett : along with a floor plan of the ballroom.
Castle : Then there's the pesky issue of you fleeing after firing the shots.