Castle : Either way, Carolyn Decker had to go.
UNK: But you had to make sure that it didn't lead back to you.
Beckett : So you created a narrative
Castle : where Mr. Lopez was being targeted by an assassin,
Castle : and Eric Chambers was the patsy.
Castle : A plan which happened to raise your husband's profile
Castle : on the national stage, as we just saw. Well done.
Mia : You don't think I knew about the affair?
Mia : I understood the deal I was making when I married Alex.
Mia : And far from a liability,
Mia : Carolyn was his behind-the-scenes adviser.
UNK: She was a conduit to major donors who backed his...
Beckett : Where were you during the shooting, Mrs. Lopez?
Mia : Alex and I have an agreement.
Mia : I was at the hotel.
Mia : Room 717.
Mia : I can give you her name if it's absolutely necessary.
Beckett : It will be. But it still doesn't explain away your fingerprint.
Mia : This envelope is from Alex's office.
Mia : I know that because I ordered the stationery.
Mia : I help out there sometimes.
UNK: I send letters to his constituents.
Mia : I must have touched it at some point.
Castle : Who else has access to those envelopes?
Lopez : I'm afraid I don't understand.
Lopez : So you think that one of my people played a part in this?
UNK: Well, that's impossible.
UNK: I... I personally vetted everyone.
Ryan : Once we knew where to look,
Ryan : we matched the serial numbers from those bills
Ryan : to a withdrawal from your bank account.
Lopez : My bank?
Beckett : Specifically, your campaign travel account.
Lopez : That can't be.
Lopez : I'm the only one authorized to access the account.
Lopez : Just me.
Lopez : And Megan.
Castle : Who is, oddly enough,
UNK: who showed up on the bank's security video making the withdrawal.
Megan : Alex, this is a mistake.
Megan : I would never do this. I have no reason to.
Beckett : That's not exactly true.
Beckett : We looked into Carolyn's texts again.
Beckett : She had misgivings about you.
Ryan : Carolyn believed that you could make it all the way to the presidency
Ryan : with the right team in place.
Ryan : But she didn't think that Megan belonged on that team.
Castle : The thought of being cast aside was more than you could bear.
Ryan : So you came up with a plan
Lopez : that would eliminate your problem
Ryan : and win your boss the sympathy of a nation.
Ryan : Two birds with one stone.
Esposito : We got a search warrant
Beckett : to look into your apartment, Megan.
Beckett : The coat that you were wearing tested positive for gunshot residue.
Lopez : You killed Carolyn?
Lopez : Megan, how... How could you do that?
Megan : How could I?
Ryan : How could you?
Megan : When you started at City Council,
Megan : I was putting signs on people's lawns,
Megan : I was passing out pamphlets in the freezing cold.
Megan : I write your speeches. I craft your bills.
Megan : I have invested my entire life in you,
UNK: in doing whatever it is you need me to do,
Megan : and I've done it well.
Megan : That should count for something.
Lopez : Megan Brooks, you're under arrest
Ryan : for the murder of Carolyn Decker.
UNK: Backstabbing, adultery and betrayal.
Beckett : That is why I hate politics.
Beckett : Representatives of the people should be honorable.
Beckett : They should be trustworthy.
UNK: Well, I'm sure some of them are.
Castle : But Washington could probably use a few more people
Castle : that think the way you do.
Castle : What's this?
Beckett : Oh, study materials.
Castle : For the captain's exam?
UNK: So, you're gonna go for it?
Beckett : Well, it's the next step.
Beckett : I'm not sure if it's the right one yet,
UNK: but I figure I'd take the test, see how I do.
Castle : And if you do well?
Beckett : Then maybe that'll make my decision for me.
Beckett : You ready to go home? Yeah.
UNK: What am I gonna tell her?
Ryan : The only thing you can. The truth.
Frank : I messed everything up. Even with a plea deal, I'm going to jail.
Ryan : No, you don't know that.
UNK: Gwen's gonna hate me.
Frank : For lying
Frank : and for not being the man I said I was.
Ryan : She's strong, Frank. Stronger than you think.
Frank : I don't know if I should knock or just open the door.
Frank : I'm sorry, Gwennie.
Beckett : I'm so sorry.
Gwen : We'll get through it, baby.
Gwen : We'll figure it out.
Boyce : Thank you.
UNK: Yeah.