UNK: 'Sup, bro?
Esposito : Everyone's gone. What are you still doing here?
UNK: Thinking.
Esposito : Come on. This is a win. We got the shooter.
Ryan : What about Shelton?
Esposito : We'll build a case against him.
Esposito : And I bet that Chambers will help us out and roll on Shelton.
Ryan : Why hasn't he done that already?
Esposito : Maybe Shelton made Chambers some promises
Esposito : in return for him keeping his mouth shut.
Ryan : Why would a man in Shelton's situation risk being seen with Chambers?
Esposito : Because he's like all these other rich sons of bitches
Esposito : who think they can get away with anything.
Ryan : I don't know.
Ryan : Something about this just isn't sitting right, Javi.
Esposito : You're spinning. You just need a good night's sleep.
Esposito : In the morning, everything will be clear to you.
Frank : All right? Yeah.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: What?
Frank : All right. How about now?
Castle : - That looks good. - Okay.
Castle : Oh! Good. You're here.
Ryan : What is this? What are you guys doing?
Castle : Ah, well, Ryan was working all night and he texted me.
Beckett : You texted Castle and not me?
Ryan : Well, when you have a crazy theory,
Ryan : you don't call the voice of reason.
UNK: What... What theory?
Castle : Eric Chambers is not our shooter. We got the wrong guy.
Gates : You're telling me Eric Chambers is not our shooter?
Gates : Based on what?
Ryan : Physics, sir.
Beckett : Congressman Lopez said
Beckett : that when he talked to Carolyn Decker,
Beckett : he saw Chambers by the far wall.
Ryan : Which is where CSU found his prints.
Castle : Seconds later, our assassin opens fire.
Castle : Three shots.
Ryan : The first one strikes Lopez beneath the left clavicle.
Beckett : The second one grazes Carolyn Decker's shoulder
Beckett : and then the third one strikes her in the upper back.
Ryan : That shot severs her pulmonary artery. She never has a chance.
Gates : How does any of this lead you to think
Gates : that Chambers is not the assassin?
Castle : Chambers' vantage point.
UNK: He had a side-angle view of Lopez and Carolyn Decker.
Ryan : So, how did Chambers manage to shoot Carolyn in the back?
Ryan : The answer is that he couldn't have.
UNK: Not unless that bullet magically
Ryan : took a hard right turn in mid-air.
Esposito : Which means
Castle : the shots were fired from the grassy knoll.
Castle : Metaphorically speaking.
UNK: Jim Boyce : Detective Beckett,
Gates : do you actually find any of this plausible?
Beckett : Yes, sir. Plausible enough that I'm getting Ballistics
Beckett : to re-evaluate the crime scene.
Gates : Chambers had motive.
Gates : He stole a press pass, he fled the shooting.
Gates : How do you explain all that?
Ryan : I think Chambers was set up to be the fall guy.
Castle : Probably by Carl Shelton.
Gates : Then why isn't he vigorously protesting his innocence?
Castle : Chambers distrusts authority.
Beckett : And he believes that we're part of a plot against him.
Gates : Nonetheless, Eric Chambers remains our prime suspect
Gates : unless proof comes in that he isn't.
Ryan : In the meantime, sir, I'd like to take another run at him.
Chambers : You're wasting your time. I'm not talking.
Ryan : Well, that's okay.
Ryan : You don't have to talk. You can just listen.
UNK: Yeah, we know that you're not the shooter.
Chambers : Of course you do. You people orchestrated the whole thing.
Ryan : You know, Eric, I got a newsflash for you.
Ryan : You're not the focus of some big governmental conspiracy.
Ryan : No one has the least bit of interest in you.
Ryan : Actually, I take that back.
Ryan : Someone is very interested in you.
Ryan : Whoever set you up.
Ryan : Somebody went to a significant amount of trouble to frame you.
Ryan : And now...
Ryan : Now you know too much.
Ryan : You're a loose end.
Ryan : I don't see a very bright future for you.
Chambers : You honestly expect me to believe a word you say?
UNK: All right. It's up to you. It's your life.
Ryan : Just tell me everything about how you got backstage,
Ryan : and I'll keep you safe.
Ryan : If not, I can't help you.
Ryan : Nobody can.
Ryan : Just think about it.
Ryan : Um, but don't think too long.
UNK: Wait.
Beckett : So, if Chambers isn't our shooter,
Beckett : then what was he doing backstage?
Ryan : He wanted to make a political statement by confronting Lopez
Ryan : during his speech in front of the cameras.
Ryan : That way, he knew that it would blow up on the 24-hour news cycle.
Frank : All right, what about Carl Shelton?
Ryan : Castle, it's looking like Shelton may not be involved.
Castle : The billionaire industrialist
Castle : with his grubby hands on the levers of power?
Castle : Of course he's involved. They were seen in the storage room.
Ryan : That's because Shelton realized
Gates : that Chambers had crashed the event.
Ryan : So, he tried to talk him out of making a scene.
Beckett : So, where did Chambers get the press pass from?