Ryan : Sorry, guys. I can't tonight.
Ryan : I have another security gig with my brother-in-law.
Esposito : Really? Again?
UNK: Yeah. The good news is, Sarah Grace
Ryan : will have enough money for college.
Ryan : The bad news is, she'll have no idea know who I am.
Beckett : So, who are you guarding this time?
UNK: Uh, truth is, I'm not allowed to say.
Esposito : What do you mean you're not allowed to say?
Esposito : It's us. Who is it?
Ryan : Seriously, man. I can't.
Castle : That means this goes beyond the usual pro-athlete or reality star.
Castle : This is someone important. Someone revered.
UNK: Perhaps the Pope?
Castle : The Dalai Lama?
Castle : Angela Merkel?
Ryan : My lips are sealed.
Castle : Ryan! Is it One Direction? You'd tell me, right?
Castle : Are they in town?
Esposito : No, they're in Hong Kong.
UNK: Right.
Ryan : Hey, how's my sister doing?
UNK: Frank Kelly : Sleeping easier now that I retired from the force.
Ryan : You don't miss the job at all? Working Vice?
Frank : Nah. I was dealing with lowlifes every waking minute.
Frank : Now I'm my own boss.
UNK: Yeah.
Frank : I'm telling you, Kev, security is a better way of life.
Ryan : I have to say, a lot of guys, when they retire, they just drift.
Ryan : But you're really making this work.
Frank : You could make it work for you, too.
Frank : Anyhow, there's a permanent spot for you with me
Frank : the minute you make the call.
Ryan : Wow, Frank.
Ryan : That's a hell of an offer.
Frank : With your background, I'd be lucky to have you.
Frank : Now tell me, did you memorize the rogues' gallery?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Every face.
Ryan : So, what's the threat level here? Low.
Frank : It's a charity event for Pure Water Now.
UNK: It's not a Middle-East peace conference.
UNK: There's gonna be protesters who
UNK: wanna bother Congressman Lopez.
Frank : You've heard of him, right?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah. Who hasn't?
Ryan : He's a rising member of the House, super charismatic.
Ryan : Though, let's face it, there's not
Ryan : a hell of a lot of competition in that.
UNK: Look, he's still a stand-up guy.
Frank : Every time he comes to the city
Frank : he hires me, so treat him right.
Frank : All right.
Frank : He's going places.
UNK: Alex Lopez : What's our ETA, Frank?
Frank : Just a few more minutes, sir.
Frank : Detective Kevin Ryan, Congressman Alex Lopez.
Lopez : Frank speaks very highly of you.
Ryan : As he does of you, sir.
UNK: Oh, please, call me Alex. Or Mr. Lopez, if you want.
Lopez : My wife, Mia.
Lopez : You've met my Chief of Staff, Megan Brooks.
Lopez : Kevin, what do you think your job is tonight?
Ryan : To protect you, sir.
Lopez : Mostly, it's my reputation you need to protect.
Lopez : These days, a single photo can cause major damage
Lopez : if some idiot approaches and tries to create a scene.
Ryan : We'll make sure that doesn't happen, sir.
UNK: Good, because come campaign season,
Lopez : I may need some men I can rely on.
UNK: Sir, about tonight's schedule,
UNK: Megan Brooks : it's the red carpet and then mingling over cocktails.
UNK: Uh, these are the people that you're gonna want to connect with.
UNK: Megan Brooks : Some of them you know.
UNK: Megan Brooks : All of them are major donors with their own Super PACs,
UNK: who are still looking for a candidate that they can believe in.
UNK: Megan Brooks : I've broken down all of their past
UNK: campaign contributions and net worth.
Lopez : I hope all these rich guys are ready
UNK: to fork over some of their money
Lopez : to Carolyn and her Pure Water project.
UNK: Oh, they are, darling.
UNK: Mia Lopez : But the real reason they're coming is to see you.
UNK: Okay, after meet-and-greet,
UNK: you're gonna take the stage and introduce Carolyn,
Megan : and here is your speech.
Frank : Excuse me, folks. We're pulling in now.