UNK: It was left for him in his mailbox.
UNK: In his mail box?
Castle : By whom?
Ryan : An anonymous sympathizer contacted him through his website,
Ryan : left him the pass and instructions about where to wait backstage.
UNK: Okay, yeah. Okay. Can I... Can I just say
Castle : I know I have occasionally theorized that a conspiracy was afoot...
UNK: Occasionally?
Castle : But this time a conspiracy really is afoot!
Castle : Guys, Chambers was clearly being manipulated
Castle : by a person or persons unknown into being backstage,
Castle : so he'd be the perfect patsy.
Beckett : Why would someone go to all that trouble
Beckett : to set him up as Lopez's shooter?
Esposito : I may have an answer for that.
Esposito : Prelim ballistics report.
Esposito : You were right. The shots did not come
Esposito : from where Chambers was standing.
Beckett : So where did the shots come from?
Esposito : Well, based on trajectories,
Castle : the shots were fired from this position right here.
Ryan : The shooter was behind the lighting stanchion.
Beckett : That's why no one saw him.
Beckett : He took his shot and then he slipped out the back.
UNK: Yeah, it's good concealment.
UNK: Nobody would be able to spot him. But check out this angle.
Castle : Carolyn Decker's blocking Lopez.
Ryan : That would explain why the assassin missed Lopez.
Beckett : Unless he didn't miss him.
UNK: Exactly. Carolyn Decker
Esposito : was almost square to the shooter.
Esposito : And she's the one who got hit center-mass.
Beckett : You guys, what if we're looking at this the wrong way?
Castle : And Carolyn Decker was the real target.
Frank : All right, we'll dig through her life,
Ryan : see if anyone had motive to do this.
Tory : There's something you should see first.
Tory : This is from Eric Chambers' building.
Tory : I was reviewing it to piece together his timeline
Tory : when I saw this.
Tory : He goes straight to Chambers' mailbox.
Castle : Okay, that is definitely not the mailman.
Beckett : He must be leaving the press pass for Chambers. When was this?
Tory : Three hours before the shooting.
UNK: And can we get a look at this dude's face?
Tory : Not a good one.
Ryan : Oh, my God.
Beckett : What is it?
UNK: It's my brother-in-law. That's Frank.
Gates : Are you sure that's Frank Kelly?
Ryan : Yeah, no question.
Beckett : Ryan, I know this is hard.
UNK: But where was Frank during those shots?
Frank : All right, I'll keep eyes on him on stage. You got him back here?
UNK: Yes.
Ryan : He was on the other side of the curtain.
Ryan : He went into the ballroom to cover Lopez.
Castle : Did you see him out there?
UNK: No.
Gates : So, you don't really know where he was.
Gates : After the shots, how soon did he arrive?
Ryan : Ten seconds, maybe.
Beckett : Long enough for him to get from the light stanchion
Beckett : to where you saw him.
Ryan : So, what are you saying here?
Ryan : That Frank killed Carolyn Decker? Why would he?
Gates : I don't know, but we need to consider the possibility.
Gates : At the very least, he was involved.
Gates : So we're bringing him in.
UNK: Good.
Ryan : Because you know what? He'll tell his side of the story.
Ryan : There's an explanation for this.
Castle : I'm sure there is, Ryan, and nothing would make us happier.
UNK: Guys, this is my brother-in-law.
Ryan : There's no way he could be mixed up in something like this.
Esposito : Hey, bro.
Esposito : I'm sorry to say that, uh, unis just tried to pick up Frank.
Esposito : As soon as he saw the patrol car, he bolted. They lost him.
Gates : Issue an APB.
Gates : See if there's any connection between
Gates : Frank Kelly and Carolyn Decker.
Beckett : I'm on it.
UNK: Uh, where are you going?
UNK: I'm gonna go find Frank.
Esposito : I'll go with you.
Ryan : Thanks, Javi.
Ryan : But this is family here. I gotta do this one alone.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : I need to talk to Frank, Gwen.
UNK: Gwen Kelly : He's not here.
Ryan : Where is he then?
UNK: Kevin,
Gwen : don't you walk in here and start
Gwen : pointing fingers at your own family!
Ryan : He ran! Why would he do that, Gwen?
Ryan : What's he into?
UNK: Nothing!
Ryan : I know that look.
Ryan : Yeah, that's the look that you used to get
Ryan : when you'd sneak a cigarette and then you'd lie to Mom about it.