Taub : APL explains the lesions and why they appeared after we took the arsenic out.
House : So, put the arsenic back.
Thirteen : We still have a problem. Arsenic slows leukemia, but it can't cure it.
Thirteen : If she wants to see 17, she's gonna need a bone marrow transplant.
UNK: The best match would be a sibling or a parent.
House : Biopsy a lesion, confirm that she's dying, and load her up with arsenic.
House : Keep her alive till you can convince her that
House : rapist marrow and rapist-enabling marrow
House : work just as well as the unleaded stuff.
Foreman : We need to talk.
House : This about the case you didn't want me to know about?
UNK: Cuddy? Foreman.
House : You didn't flinch when you found out about
UNK: a 16-year-old who could be dying in the next few days.
House : Means you're here about someone even younger, dying even faster.
Foreman : He needs you. But he has you.
Foreman : This boy is going to die. You selfish enough to let it happen?
House : Pot calling a kettle a pot? You're a hypocrite.
Foreman : If our job is to find out what's killing patients, you'd help this kid.
Foreman : But you'd rather play mind games to prove you're the only one with magical powers.
UNK: You wanted something all your own, now you got it.
House : Your disengagement won't work.
Wilson : I can see that.
House : You think that when you tell me what I should do,
House : my instincts are to push back,
House : so that by not telling me what you think I should do,
House : I'll do what you think I should do.
Wilson : I sound convoluted.
House : Disengagement is neither artful, nor effective.
Wilson : So, my not doing anything isn't causing you to do anything.
UNK: Right.
Wilson : I'm okay with that.
House : No, you're not.
House : You are designed to have opinions and to force them on people.
Wilson : I'm starting to sound desperate.
Wilson : Don't screw with my stuff.
Sophia : I just need a donor with the same blood type or something, right?
Thirteen : Actually, bone marrow's a little more complex.
Thirteen : The best donors are immediate family.
Sophia : But those donor banks have thousands of names.
Thirteen : Your parents' similar DNA
Thirteen : gives you a much better chance... No.
Sophia : If I do this,
Sophia : I'll owe my life to them.
Sophia : It would mean everything else that happened was somehow okay.
Sophia : They don't deserve that.
Sophia : They're not in my life.
Sophia : If that means I'm dead, then I'm dead.
Taub : I have Huntington's disease.
Taub : I'm dying.
Taub : I don't know when it will happen, but it'll be sooner than I ever planned,
Taub : and I'd do anything to stop it.
Taub : Because the only way to make anything right,
Taub : the only way to make your life matter,
Taub : is to live as long and as well as you possibly can.
Sophia : Have you ever been raped?
UNK: No.
Sophia : Don't try to walk in my shoes, and I won't try to walk in yours.
Thirteen : You had no right.
Taub : To try to convince her to do the right thing?
Thirteen : To lie to her.
Taub : It's a true story. Who cares if it's not my story?
Thirteen : It's my life. It's her life.
UNK: The point wasn't I'm dying, the point was she should live.
Taub : You should have told her.
Taub : Instead you tell her to call the cops, give her stats on DNA markers.
Taub : Everything's by the book, nothing is ever personal.
House : Trying to sleep here.
Taub : Biopsy confirmed APL. She needs a bone marrow transplant.
House : Run the donor banks. I'm going home.
Thirteen : We need to track down her parents.
House : I assume she's already said no to that idea
House : or there'd be no need to screw up your courage before saying it.