Kutner : Were your foster homes all around here, or did you have to change schools?
Sophia : Is chatting about lousy foster parents supposed to relax me?
Foreman : Left middle cerebral artery looks good.
Kutner : My foster parents were great.
Kutner : I think most foster parents do it because they want to do something decent.
Foreman : Which is why you didn't get emancipated.
Foreman : Nothing around the vertebral artery. No sign of spasms.
Kutner : But that's odd.
Kutner : How'd you find out about your parents?
Sophia : Told you. State trooper.
Kutner : Look at that.
Foreman : Arteries are fine. You can stop.
Kutner : Not that.
Kutner : I forget. Did he come to your house, or call you down to the station?
Sophia : Came to my house. I cried into the guy's shirt for an hour.
UNK: Wow.
Kutner : FMRIs tell us where the blood flow is.
Kutner : You were using your limbic region.
Kutner : Lights up when we use our imagination, doesn't light up when we're telling the truth.
Kutner : Your parents aren't dead, are they?
Kutner : I risked my job, put you on a different treatment.
Sophia : I didn't lie about the drugs.
Kutner : Then why lie about your parents?
Sophia : Because I wish they were dead.
Sophia : I got emancipated because my dad raped me,
Sophia : and my mom pretended it didn't happen.
Kutner : No signs of spasm, impeded blood flow,
Kutner : or brain dysfunction. It's not Prinzmetal's.
Kutner : All the fMRI showed is House was right. She was lying.
House : Only relevant if it could cause pulmonary edema and delirium.
Thirteen : We find out our patient's been raped, and that's your response?
House : Is she a psych patient?
Taub : Rape could mean STD.
House : Thank goodness, one of you doesn't have a heart.
House : Maybe if we all stop wringing our hands, we could solve this thing
House : and let her live to have a few more nightmares.
Foreman : Gonococcal endocarditis would explain the pulmonary edema, the delirium.
Taub : No sign in her blood work.
Foreman : Could be lying about the rape.
House : Yesterday, you were all BFF, now you think she's pathological.
Kutner : Yesterday, I had no reason to doubt her.
Kutner : If she'd been honest with us from the beginning...
Thirteen : She lied about dead parents because it's better than rapist parents.
Thirteen : You find that unsympathetic?
House : That's it. What's it?
House : Her whole life's a mess. What rhymes with mess?
Foreman : It's not stress. She has none of the usual manifestations.
Foreman : No hormone imbalance, no cardiac...
House : Yeah, she's drowning in her own lungs, and she's delirious.
House : She's a picture of emotional health.
House : Severe emotional stress can lead to asymmetric function of the mid-brain.
House : Explains the delirium.
UNK: Interruption in the brain-heart coupling could cause pulmonary edema.
Thirteen : Even if House is wrong, the treatment's basically anti-anxiety meds.
Thirteen : Hard to argue with.
House : Yes, I agree, it does explain everything.
House : Thirteen, load her up on diazepam. Foreman, make sure she does it.
House : Thirteen, make sure he makes sure.
House : I went to Cuddy's house.
House : But I didn't go in.
House : Went home without ringing either her metaphorical or actual bell.
UNK: Huh.
House : You're processing.
Wilson : I'm scrubbing.
House : "Huh" means processing.
Wilson : "Huh" means acknowledging.
Wilson : If you prefer, I could say "hah" or "hmm" or...
House : No insights? No opinions?
House : You're disappointed. You made a decision.
Wilson : I can't tell you what's right for you.
UNK: Seriously? Because last week you could.
House : Last year, you could. Seems to come pretty easy to you.
Wilson : Do you want me to tell you what you should do?
House : I want you to stop thinking
House : that acting inscrutable makes you anything other than annoying.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Holding things in can give you cancer.
Chase : Kid's in day-care, could be meningitis.
Foreman : No fever, no stiffness, no rash.
Chase : You check his thyroid?
UNK: TSH, T3, T4 were within range.
Foreman : Ruled out all the usual suspects.
Cameron : Nothing's usual for a 4-year-old.
Cameron : And as fun as this is, it feels like we're your goomah.
Foreman : Your feelings are hurt?
Cameron : Either you can handle both these cases or you can't.
Cameron : If you can't, it's dangerous and stupid.
Chase : On the other hand, stomach cancer, leiomyosarcoma.
Foreman : Long shot. Altered mental status means porphyria's more likely.
Chase : No abdominal pain. Cancer explains the lethargy, the GI symptoms.
UNK: Neither is perfect.
Foreman : Then we test for both.
Chase : And by "we" you mean the collective, not you?
UNK: Thanks.
Thirteen : Severe stress scrambles the way the brain communicates with the rest of the body.
Sophia : I have a problem with my brain?
Foreman : Not exactly. The problem would be with your body chemistry.