House : Foreman, give her Ergonovine to cause vasospasms
House : and run an fMRI to see which artery's dancing.
House : And when I say Foreman, I mean Foreman.
House : I want his signature on the paperwork. I want videotape.
House : I want photographs of him with the patient and today's newspaper.
Foreman : Set her up. When you're ready...
Thirteen : House wants you...
Foreman : To do the procedure. When you get everything set up, page me.
Evan : That's really a camera? Pretty cool, huh?
Foreman : This can go places the other scopes can't.
Foreman : Jonah, I need you to swallow this pill.
House : Don't wanna. It doesn't hurt, promise.
Melinda : Jonah, please, this will help make you better.
Foreman : I don't want to be mean, but if you don't do this, we'll have to make you.
Evan : It's a power pill. It's not just a camera, it makes your muscles grow.
Evan : Like the vitamins we take, except this was made with a secret formula.
Melinda : You did great, sweetheart. You're very brave.
Foreman : Jonah's lucky. I was pretty cruel to my little brother when I was your age.
UNK: Why?
UNK: I guess I thought it's what big brothers did. Obviously, I was wrong.
Evan : Is he a doctor, too?
UNK: No.
Melinda : Does the pill tickle, sweetie?
Foreman : He can't feel it. What's funny? Your brother?
Melinda : What's happening? I don't know.
UNK: How are you guys getting along?
Chase : And you suddenly care why?
Foreman : House was asking questions last week.
Cameron : I assume Foreman needs us,
Cameron : and he's worried that if we're sniping, we might be distracted.
Chase : That's kind of insulting, isn't it? Very.
Foreman : You're obviously fine.
Foreman : I need a differential for uncontrollable giggling.
Chase : He's four, they laugh.
Foreman : Yeah, nothing like diarrhea and bloody vomit to put you in the mood to goof around.
Foreman : I've looked down one end and up the other.
Foreman : All the tests came back clean. Can't figure this out.
Cameron : You can't? Don't you work with three other doctors and a grouchy gimp?
Foreman : This isn't House's case.
Chase : Just so you know, whatever you're trying to prove, it won't be enough.
Foreman : Gotta go.
UNK: Sorry.
Kutner : You didn't miss much. No spasms yet.
Kutner : Nothing in the anterior or posterior cerebral arteries.