Foreman : Don't suppose you want to override... No.
Cuddy : What do you think this is going to prove?
Foreman : Does it matter? Just figured you could use some help down here.
Cuddy : And you spending two hours wiping noses will annoy House.
Cuddy : If that is your dream, God bless.
Cuddy : If you want to prove you can do his job and something more...
Evan : His puke is red. That's blood, right?
Foreman : That hurt?
UNK: How about that?
Melinda : Four days he's been like this. It's just getting worse.
Evan : Maybe he just needs to poop.
UNK: Evan. What?
Evan : Worked last time I had a stomach ache.
UNK: That's actually a smart idea,
Foreman : which is why that's the first thing the other doctors checked.
Foreman : His insides are clear.
Foreman : Anyone else sick at day-care? No.
UNK: How about his friends? No. No one.
Melinda : What's happening to him? Not sure yet.
Foreman : Don't worry, I've got an idea.
Evan : You can make him better, right?
Foreman : That's my plan.
Evan : You need to make him better.
Sophia : Stay the hell away from me.
Kutner : Just calm down.
Kutner : What happened?
Nurse : I adjusted her IV, and she went crazy.
Sophia : Don't touch me! Leave me alone!
Kutner : Sophia, it's okay, we're here to help you. Just stay away from me!
Sophia : Don't touch me!
Sophia : I said don't... Get your hands off of me.
Sophia : Get your hands...
Taub : Beta-blockers don't cause psychotic breaks.
Kutner : She's not on beta-blockers.
Kutner : Lab tests show the delirium wasn't caused by a metabolic problem.
Kutner : Means we still don't know what caused it.
House : Yeah, we do. Nice job, Foreman.
Foreman : I didn't switch her meds.
House : But your decision to stick it to the man
House : clearly inspired Oliver Twist.
Kutner : I treated her based on the symptoms she presented.
House : You treated her based on empathetic orphan syndrome,
House : and almost killed her in the process.
Kutner : She wasn't on steroids long enough for it to cause the delirium.
Kutner : It's a new symptom. One that rules out vasculitis.
Kutner : And arrhythmia. The psychotic break caused a surge of adrenaline,
Kutner : but no irregular heartbeat. Heart's not the problem. We're both wrong.
House : So, what causes lung issues and delirium
House : and is not based on wishful thinking that she's safe and happy?
Foreman : Prinzmetal angina.
House : Silent and unhappy is better than vocal and unhelpful.
House : If you'd run the echo that you didn't run
House : before giving her the beta-blockers that you didn't give her,
House : if you'd listened to what Kutner said,
House : you'd know it's not a heart problem.
Foreman : I'm not talking about her heart, I'm talking about her head.
Foreman : Prinzmetal angina doesn't affect...
Foreman : No reason it couldn't cause an artery in the brain to spasm.
Foreman : Leads to the delirium and the pulmonary edema.