House : Wouldn't be her first.
Thirteen : She lied about one trauma to cover a worse trauma.
House : So, what's worse than rape?
House : Hi. I'm Dr. House.
House : What did you do?
Sophia : I don't... Something happened, but it wasn't rape.
Sophia : Believe whatever you want.
House : You're scared and stubborn,
House : and you don't like people feeling sorry for you. Why not?
Sophia : I don't want pity, I just want to be normal.
House : But you know you're not.
House : You need people to see how independent you are, how well you're coping,
House : so they won't see the lost, hurt little girl.
House : Because that's not what you see.
House : You see someone who did something terrible,
House : who deserves to suffer, who doesn't deserve to live.
House : What did you do?
UNK: Eventually, we'll find your parents, if only to deliver the body.
UNK: And they won't care.
House : You're an idiot.
House : You'd rather die than face your parents because of what?
UNK: You broke their Fabergé egg?
Sophia : I killed their son.
Sophia : I killed my brother.
Sophia : I was supposed to watch him.
Sophia : He was in the bath.
Sophia : I could hear him laughing.
UNK: Every time they'd look at me, it's like I killed him again.
House : If you don't take your parents' bone marrow,
House : you'll be killing their other child.
House : If they don't hate you now, they will then.
Sophia : I don't care.
House : Sure you do.
House : You want someone to tell you that it was just an accident, that it's not that bad.
House : Well, it is that bad, and you know it.
House : There's nothing you can do to change that,
House : but there is one thing you can do to not make it worse.
House : If you're here to celebrate the kid's bone marrow transplant working,
House : you missed cake.
Foreman : I want to do clinical trials.
House : Already had this conversation.
UNK: I've proved I can work two cases at once.
Foreman : I can do this, and I'm doing it.
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : Okay? Just like that?
House : Can I give my reasons later, or never?
Foreman : Three days ago you said no.
Thirteen : Three days ago, you asked me. Now you told me.
House : Can't say no if it's not a question.
Wilson : Nice thing you did for Foreman.
House : He speaks.
Wilson : He deflects.
House : I almost cost a 4-year-old his life.
Wilson : You knew Foreman would figure it out.
House : Did I?
Wilson : You just needed to prove it to him.
Wilson : You're an ass, but a noble one.
House : I sound clever.
Wilson : Thank you.
House : Your little game didn't work.
House : I'm not Foreman, and you're not me.
UNK: You want to talk about her?
UNK: Nope.
UNK: All right.
Wilson : You're gonna be okay, House.
House : Good to know.