House : or you've been sprinkling your husband's cereal
House : with gold sodium thiomalate.
House : It's an arthritis remedy. It's rarely used here in the U.S.,
House : but it's still popular in Mexico. Gotta give you props.
House : Never heard of anyone using gold before.
House : It's almost poetic.
Maria : That's ridiculous.
Chase : Heavy metal tox screen for gold was off the chart.
Maria : - Why would I... - Because you were trying to kill him.
House : I'd love to know the why behind that why.
UNK: But you're not gonna tell me, are you?
Maria : You're wrong.
Maria : I love Bob.
House : I never said you didn't love him.
UNK: How could somebody do that? Sit by someone's bedside day and night
Cameron : helping them, comforting them and at the same time killing them?
Foreman : Maybe he was having an affair.
Chase : Maybe she was having an affair.
UNK: Or maybe she just gets her kicks out of slowly sucking the life out of a guy,
House : - watching him suffer. - He must have done something to her.
House : - Yeah, he had it coming. - I didn't say he deserved it.
Chase : The only thing he did wrong was marry a sociopath.
House : Or maybe she just got tired of being married.
House : Didn't want to admit to family and friends
House : that the marriage everyone thought was perfect, wasn't.
Foreman : Shouldn't one of us stay with her? What if she tries to run?
House : Yeah, Cameron, go back there.
House : It'd be weird if we were all in the ladies' room.
Cameron : We started chelation therapy with dimercaprol.
House : Thrilled to hear it.
Cameron : His kidney function hasn't improved.
House : It will.
Cameron : He's gonna need a lung transplant.
House : He's becoming more attractive by the minute, isn't he?
Cameron : You're pleased.
Cameron : You think you've proved that every marriage is a mistake.
House : Do I look pleased?
Cameron : Ignorance is bliss.
UNK: Answering Machine : You have one new message.
UNK: Hi, this is Blake Hanson calling for Dr. Wilson.
Message : I got a better offer for the apartment.
Message : I know I offered it to you already,
Message : so if you match the offer you can still have the place.
Message : Make sure you call me first thing in the morning and let me know.
Message : Otherwise, well, you've got my number.
UNK: Message deleted.