Cameron : And I just did yet another hair and blood test for lead,
UNK: and everything else he could have possibly been exposed to.
Cameron : They're all negative. It's gotta be something else.
Foreman : - Lupus could cause... - No.
House : Lupus progresses slower. There'd be joint pain.
Foreman : So it's not a typical case.
Foreman : - We should get an ANA. - It's not lupus.
House : The symptoms don't match.
Cameron : And the tests don't match heavy metals.
Maria : It's happening again. He's not breathing.
Chase : Tongue swelling, airway's closing. He's not getting any air.
Cameron : - His lungs are clear. - We're gonna have to intubate.
UNK: Try to relax, Bob. This is gonna help you breathe.
Woman : Oh, my God!
UNK: He's gonna aspirate! Need suction!
Maria : - What's happening? - Suction.
Chase : There's too much vomit. We're never going to be able to intubate.
UNK: - We're gonna have to trach him. - He's not breathing!
Foreman : His urine has elevated proteins and red blood cells.
Foreman : It's lupus-induced kidney failure. If we don't start treatment...
House : Heavy metal toxicity could cause vomiting.
Foreman : So would lupus nephritis, and it also causes tissue swelling.
House : He's choking on his tongue, not his feet.
Foreman : The corticosteroids we gave him to control the inflammation
Foreman : can cause facial swelling.
House : Still not his throat, but you're getting closer.
Foreman : I'm doing an ANA and a serum compliment.
House : If you're so sure, why waste time with tests? Just start treatment.
UNK: Oh, no wait. We can't do that because we already have
House : and it's not working! Ergo...
UNK: Corticosteroids aren't the only treatment for lupus nephritis.
UNK: We could also try cyclophosphamide or immunosuppressants.
House : Only if we confirm the diagnosis with an ANA serum compliment,
House : anti-DNA, IV pyelogram and kidney biopsy.
Foreman : - So, now you suddenly believe in tests? - The symptoms...
Foreman : The symptoms all point to heavy metal poisoning.
Foreman : Yeah, we all get it.
Foreman : Unless you've got proof, and can tell me which heavy metal it is,
Foreman : I'm starting treatment for lupus.
Foreman : Systemic lupus erythematosus
Foreman : causes the immune system to become hyperactive.
Foreman : Attack normal tissue.
Foreman : It could be what caused the lung inflammation,
Foreman : as well as the swelling in his throat.
Foreman : And now what appears to be damage to his kidneys.
Foreman : The treatment's usually steroids.
UNK: But he's already on the steroids.
Foreman : If the tests confirm we're on the right track,
Foreman : there are other medications we can try.
Maria : And if those don't work?
Foreman : Well, lupus, it's a chronic condition, but it's generally controllable.
UNK: What do you mean, "generally"?
Foreman : In rare cases, it can cause cardiovascular or renal failure.
Maria : Cardiovascular and renal.
Maria : That's the heart and the kidneys.
Woman : - Right? - Yeah.
Bob : Don't worry, it'll be all right.