UNK: waking it up and turning it into a present viral infection.
House : Give him interferon.
Foreman : But if it is lupus, interferon could make it worse,
Foreman : - suppress his bone marrow even further. - Which is more likely?
House : Rapidly progressing, acute onset lupus in a patient already on steroids,
House : or a team of doctors missing a post-viral reaction?
Foreman : We didn't miss anything.
House : Well, then I'm wrong. And you shouldn't... give him interferon!
Foreman : Intravenous interferon has been shown to be effective
Foreman : against some viral infections.
Maria : But I thought you said it wasn't an infection. You said it was lupus.
Foreman : The increasingly rapid progression of the symptoms
Foreman : - has caused us to reconsider. - And what if you're wrong here, too?
Maria : - What if it's not a virus? - There are risks with interferon,
Foreman : especially in a patient who's already immunosupressed.
Foreman : Look, at this point, your lungs, kidneys and heart are all failing.
Foreman : We really don't have any choice.
Bob : I cheated.
UNK: What?
UNK: Ninth grade, Earth Science.
Bob : Mr. Foley.
Bob : I sat behind you, so I could cheat off of you.
Maria : And I let you cheat, so you'd sit behind me.
UNK: I thought we were going to grow old together.
UNK: - In ninth grade? - No, tenth.
Maria : What, you had to make sure I put out first?
UNK: No, I knew you'd put out in the seventh grade.
Bob : I love you.
Maria : Yeah, I know.
Bob : Say you love me.
UNK: No.
Bob : Why not?
Maria : Because you're not dying.
Bob : Say it anyway.
Man : You gonna make me hurt you?
Bob : I love you.
House : It's not working.
UNK: Both his lungs and kidneys are continuing to deteriorate.
House : - Up the dose. - We already have.
House : - Apparently not enough. - I don't think it's a virus.
Foreman : We've been running titers for everything we can think of. They're all negative.
House : - Increase the interferon. - House.
House : You got a better idea other than lupus?
UNK: No.
House : Then up the dose.
Cuddy : Mr. and Mrs. Lambert's appointment was over an hour ago.
House : Sorry, I was sick. And my team needed an emergency consult.
House : Your wife has herpes.
UNK: What?
UNK: Mrs. Lambert : That's impossible, I don't have any...
House : You haven't had an outbreak yet. Don't worry, you will.
UNK: - You rutty jackass! - Me?
UNK: I haven't been with anyone in 20 years.
UNK: You're the one with the blisters on his...
UNK: Doesn't mean that he got it first.
House : You don't need to have an outbreak to spread the virus.
UNK: Yeah, and you're the one always talking about wanting more sex.
Wilson : From you.
UNK: And maybe I'd get more if you weren't getting it somewhere else.
House : You two obviously have a lot to talk about.
Cuddy : Don't even think of dumping this in my lap.
UNK: There's gotta be some way to prove that it's him.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, there is no test.
House : Either of you two ever sit on a public toilet?
Foreman : - Well? - Of course.
House : Herpes can live for short periods of time outside the body.
Cuddy : Dr. House, you know you can't get herpes...
House : Some politically correct doctors will tell you that it's impossible
House : to get infected by a toilet seat.
House : But they'll also tell you not to use the same bath towels
House : to dry your crotch and your face during an outbreak. See the contradiction?
UNK: Mrs. Lambert : I always use a paper cover.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : - Always? - Yes, of course.
House : What about you?
UNK: Mr. Lambert : No. I never knew.
UNK: Mrs. Lambert : Oh, please. This is ridiculous.
House : Damn, I was sure it was Miyagi.
UNK: What?
UNK: He could believe that you can get herpes from a toilet seat,
House : or he could be cheating on you and just be happy to have an out.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : The toilet seat makes sense, doesn't it?
UNK: Sure. But she'd only refused to believe
House : such a well presented lie if she were innocent.
House : And since you both can't be innocent, you rutty jackass!
UNK: You!
UNK: Mr. Lambert : - Thanks a lot. - My pleasure.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : Honey, wait. Please!
UNK: Wow!
Cuddy : Not bad.
House : She has a family history of arthritis, doesn't she?