House : You know it's going to.
Foreman : It's possible the IPF could just continue to...
Maria : - There's something wrong with his skin. - Do something.
UNK: - Stop scratching. Let me look at it. - I can't. This is driving me crazy.
Cameron : Stop scratching, so we can... Make it stop!
Man : - OK... - Make it stop!
Bob : Make it stop!
House : Now we've got something to discuss.
House : What causes both lung scarring and the itchy, splotchy red blotchies?
Chase : It's obviously not a reaction to medication.
UNK: We haven't given him any yet.
House : Right. But what besides what it's obviously not,
UNK: can cause both lung scarring and the splotches?
Foreman : Where are you going?
House : To complete the second half of the caffeine delivery system.
UNK: Either talk louder, or get in here.
House : Same color coming out as going in. Do you think that's a marketing thing?
UNK: A lupus could cause lung scarring and a rash.
UNK: Or could still be a food allergy.
Foreman : - We've already ruled out allergies. - Did we?
House : Where's Cameron?
Foreman : We're in the men's room.
UNK: We need an allergy expert in here.
Cameron : - This can wait two minutes. - You don't know that.
UNK: Chase thinks that food allergy should still be on the table.
UNK: No, it wouldn't explain the lung scarring.
Chase : Some homeopathic studies have found a connection
Chase : between food allergies and autoimmune reactions,
Chase : which could cause lung inflammation.
Cameron : Yeah. And some homeopathic studies have also found
Cameron : that ground-up spiders can cure cancer. Can I go now?
UNK: No.
House : Lungs, skin, skin, lungs.
UNK: Sklungs?
House : Lungs, skin...
UNK: throat.
House : Heavy metal toxicity.
House : It explains the lungs, the itching,
UNK: the swelling in his tongue and throat.
Foreman : I thought you didn't believe there was anything wrong with his throat.
House : I never said I didn't believe it. I just said I had good reason to doubt it.
Chase : And now?
House : I have good reason to doubt those doubts.
UNK: The patient's a little old to be chewing paint off the walls.
Foreman : Nor does he drink well water, eat fish every day,
UNK: or do anything else that could have exposed him to heavy metals.
Cameron : He and his wife worked a wedding at Cabo San Lucas last month.
Cameron : A lot of pottery in Mexico is contaminated with lead-based paint.
House : Now aren't you glad you joined us?
UNK: Search their house, screen his blood and hair for lead.
House : Test for mercury and arsenic while you're at it.
UNK: And, Chase, find out what the resort cooks with,
UNK: if they repainted recently or did any plumbing repairs.
UNK: - But I don't speak Spanish. - Then it'll be challenging.
House : Good Lord, what is that smell?
Wilson : Stuffed pepper.
House : Stuffed with what? Vomit?
House : I thought you were going to a hotel.
Wilson : I found an apartment. I can move in on Monday.
Wilson : - Is that fast enough for you? - What's today?
House : - Where'd you get all that stuff? - Not from your kitchen.
Wilson : Don't you ever eat anything besides canned soup and peanut butter?
Wilson : Don't you ever eat anything that doesn't look like
House : it's been rolled onto your plate by a dung beetle?
Wilson : Try it.
Wilson : - It's good, isn't it? - No.
House : Just better than it looks.