Tyler : She spent months meeting people in that world,
Tyler : trying to understand what made them tick.
Tyler : And they killed her for it.
Beckett : And where did you keep these cuffs?
Tyler : I don't know. At her place, I guess.
Tyler : Her roommate probably knows.
Tyler : The two of them were, like, attached at the hip.
Danielle : Jessica and I have been roommates since freshman year.
Danielle : We've lived together so long, we're practically sisters.
Beckett : Tyler said that you might know
Beckett : where she kept the cuffs he gave her.
Danielle : She showed them to me when she got them,
Danielle : but I never saw them after that.
Beckett : When was the last time that you saw Jessica?
Danielle : Yesterday morning.
Castle : What about her research? Did she ever talk to you about
Castle : where she went, the people involved?
Danielle : No, she pretty much kept all that to herself.
Esposito : Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Excuse me.
Esposito : The bed hasn't been slept in and there's no signs of a struggle.
Beckett : Which means she was somewhere else when she was killed.
Beckett : Okay, let's put a trace on her cell phone.
Beckett : If she has a GPS locator, we might get lucky.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Did Jessica ever mention where she was going to be last night?
UNK: No. I got in at around 10 : 00. It didn't look like she'd been home.
UNK: Since Tyler was on call, I...
UNK: I assumed she was up at the university, working on her thesis.
UNK: Proffesor Stevenson, Jessica's Advisor : I wish I could help you, Detective.
UNK: Proffesor Stevenson, Jessica's Advisor : Sometimes she'd work late, but she wasn't here last night.
Beckett : Are you sure about that?
UNK: I was here till 11 : 00 grading papers. I would've seen her.
Beckett : As her advisor, how much would you know
Beckett : about the people that she was researching?
Stevenson : She was spending a lot of time with a dominatrix named Mistress Venom.
Stevenson : Mr. Castle, people who study sex-related fields
Stevenson : are often derided within academia.
Stevenson : Jessica was determined not to be held hostage by their little minds.