Ryan : Vic's a female, late-twenties. No ID.
Ryan : She was found hanging from the monkey bars by a jogger
Ryan : just after dawn.
Castle : Is that honey?
Lanie : From the smell of it, I'd say it's caramel sauce.
Lanie : But I'll be testing, not tasting.
Lanie : - Caramel sauce? - Maybe our killer has a sweet tooth.
Beckett : Given her state of undress,
Beckett : I'd say it's more likely he had a sexual fetish.
Lanie : I can do the chocolate, I'll even do the whipped cream bikini,
Lanie : but caramel? I prefer slippery to sticky.
Castle : Does she know we can hear her?
Beckett : Bondage cuffs, custom-made.
Beckett : Looks like our killer liked public play.
Castle : How can you tell the difference between custom and regular?
Beckett : The leather is too high quality to be mass-produced, and it's hand-stitched.
Castle : No, I mean, how can you tell the difference?
Beckett : So, time of death?
UNK: From body temperature, I'd say between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
UNK: But I'm pretty sure she was not killed here.
UNK: Based on lividity, she spent several hours
UNK: in the fetal position after she died,
UNK: and then was hung here a few hours ago.
UNK: Petechial hemorrhaging suggests she was suffocated.
UNK: And then there's these.
Castle : Was she restrained?
Lanie : Looks like it.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Crime scene's negative for any signs of a struggle.
UNK: We found about a dozen partial shoe impressions,
Esposito : but the ground's too cold to get any imprints.
Ryan : But we did find this.
Ryan : Wheel marks, about 18 inches apart.
Castle : Rolling suitcase?
Beckett : Judging by the depth of the tracks,
Beckett : I'd say it was carrying something heavy.
Ryan : Guessing around 105 pounds.
Beckett : So, he killed her elsewhere, and then brought her here.
Esposito : Yeah, which means the crime scene could be anywhere.
Castle : Psychology doesn't make any sense.
Esposito : The crime scene was pretty elaborately staged,
Castle : which seems to suggest a significant amount of premeditation,