Kelly : And the night she was killed, I was in Westchester with my folks.
Beckett : Does anyone else have access to this office?
Kelly : The only other person with a key to the office is Maintenance.
Castle : What about your keys?
Castle : Did you ever lose them, or lend them to a friend?
UNK: No.
Kelly : I mean, I gave them to Matt last week
Kelly : because he said he had some papers here.
UNK: What, you think he broke into her filing cabinet and took her research?
Castle : That is exactly what I'm thinking.
Castle : You said it yourself, it's a very competitive program,
Castle : and they were both finalists for the same fellowship.
Castle : This is Matt's proposal for studying the effect of AIDS on inner city clinics.
Castle : Look at the picture.
Beckett : He's in scrubs.
Castle : It wasn't Tyler who confronted Jessica at the dungeon.
Beckett : It was Matt.
Matt : I borrowed Kelly's keys. That doesn't prove anything.
Alexis : Which is why we took a look at the whole picture.
UNK: This is a list of phone calls
UNK: made from your cell phone to the university switchboard.
UNK: Each one coincides with a harassing call to Jessica.
Castle : - You made those calls. - Look, it was a joke.
Beckett : How about your little visit to Jessica at the dungeon last week?
Beckett : Was that a joke as well?
Castle : She didn't tell anybody where the dungeon was, so how'd you find it?
Castle : Did you follow her or the clues in her research?
Beckett : You were her rival for a fellowship. You needed her out of the way.
Beckett : And when you read her research, you saw your chance.
Matt : Look, I needed that funding, okay? My work is important.
Matt : I mean, come on. Seriously, I couldn't let her get that fellowship.
Matt : And when I saw her research, I mean, it read like fiction.
Matt : So, I went to the dungeon to find out.
UNK: So you broke into her filing cabinet, you copied her research,
Castle : and then you followed her to the dungeon.
Castle : You're not putting a whole lot of checks in the innocent column here, Matt.
UNK: "The innocent column."
UNK: Listen, I threatened her, all right,
Matt : but I did not kill her.
Matt : When I found out that she was Mistress Venom,
Matt : I told her that if she didn't withdraw her fellowship application,
UNK: I was going to tell her boyfriend.
Castle : And when that didn't work, you killed her.
Matt : It did work.
Matt : Jessica withdrew her application the day before she was killed.
Castle : - How do you know? - Because she blind copied me
Matt : on an e-mail that she sent to the head of the committee.
Matt : We were cool. What she was most concerned about
Matt : was getting back this research that I copied.
Matt : So, as soon as she was out of the running,
Matt : I brought it all back to her apartment.
Beckett : You know you are morally challenged