Receptionist : Will you be joining him?
Beckett : Oh, yes. I have been dying to watch him squirm.
Receptionist : Mistress Venom would be delighted to have an audience.
Receptionist : Follow me, please.
Beckett : Do you think we could gag him?
Castle : Remember, my safe word is "apples."
Castle : You should bring your new boyfriend here.
Stevenson : Mistress Venom?
UNK: Lady Irena : Mistress Venom is unavailable, but I'm Lady Irena. I own this dungeon.
UNK: Lady Irena : I'm sure we can find another dominatrix to suit your needs.
Beckett : I'm afraid we can't. I'm Detective Beckett.
Beckett : I need to speak with her right now concerning a murder investigation.
UNK: Lady Irena : - Who was murdered? Jessica Margolis.
Beckett : The PhD student who was observing her sessions.
UNK: Lady Irena : There was no one observing her sessions.
Beckett : Are you sure? Positive.
UNK: Lady Irena : Privacy is paramount in my dungeon.
Beckett : You've never seen this girl?
UNK: Lady Irena : Of course I've seen that girl.
UNK: Lady Irena : She wasn't observing Mistress Venom. She was Mistress Venom.
Beckett : Well, this explains the marks on her body.
UNK: Jessica must've been wearing this before she died.
UNK: Like cruel shoes,
UNK: these outfits can leave marks for hours after you wear them.
UNK: She had three sessions yesterday. She left around 7 : 30.
Castle : You really had no idea that
Castle : Jessica was conducting a sociological experiment out of your dungeon?
UNK: Lady Irena : No. She came to me about six months ago.
UNK: Lady Irena : Quickly became one of my most requested doms.
Beckett : Did Jessica have any clients who were unusually obsessed with her?
UNK: Lady Irena : Of course. I mean, they all were.
UNK: Lady Irena : But her clients were submissive. Killing is an act of dominance.
Beckett : You and I both know that people aren't that simple.
Beckett : Men might come here for humiliation and torture,
Beckett : but it's easy to imagine that one of them might have been pushed too far
Beckett : and lashed out.
UNK: Lady Irena : If she was concerned for her safety, she would've told me.
Beckett : Do you have a list of Jessica's clients?
UNK: Detective, all the services that we provide here are perfectly legal.
UNK: Lady Irena : Now, part of that service is protecting the privacy of our client.
UNK: Lady Irena : I'm not about to betray the trust that they've paid for
UNK: Lady Irena : because you have a hunch.