Adams : He's shedding his skin like a snake.
Taub : If it was an allergic reaction,
Chase : the corticosteroids and epinephrine
Taub : would have made him better, not worse.
Park : Is everyone trying to think of an answer?
Park : Or is everyone afraid to say what they think the answer is?
House : I take it you're in the latter category.
Park : Stevens-Johnson Syndrome.
Park : It fits all of his symptoms and explains
Park : why he got worse after the steroids.
Park : Most medication exacerbates the condition.
Chase : There's no treatment for it.
Park : It fits.
House : Case closed.
UNK: You should go home and get some sleep.
Bob : I feel like I'm in hell.
Chase : We can't give you too much pain medication
Chase : or we'll make your condition worse.
Bob : I got one final confession to make.
Adams : What's left?
Chase : You cheated on your taxes?
Bob : I'm a murderer.
Bob : I killed my business partner.
Bob : I shot him in the head
UNK: and made it look like suicide.
Bob : And he was just the first
Chase : You killed more?
UNK: Three.
Bob : Or four.
Chase : Try not to kill anyone else until I get back.
Chase : It's neurological.
Chase : There's an aneurysm in the anterior communicating artery of his brain.
Chase : The area moderating impulse control and compulsion.
Chase : As it grew larger, so did the confessions.
UNK: Watch.
Chase : Bob, one of my shoes is missing from my locker.
UNK: I've never heard of a neurological problem
Park : that causes someone's skin to fall off.
House : Because there isn't one.
House : The aneurysm is just another symptom, it's not the cause.
UNK: We add them all together, we get...
Chase : We get...
UNK: Kaw... Kawa... It's Kawasaki's disease. It's autoimmune.
UNK: Yes, we knew what "Kawa" meant,
Taub : we just figured, since it basically presents only in Asian children...
House : Which you might have, by the way.
House : Which is basically why we missed it.
Chase : Rug burns.
UNK: Certain carpet cleaning chemicals have been linked to it.
House : Start treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin
UNK: and monitor the aneurysm.
House : If it doesn't resolve itself, we'll have to repair it.
House : Rest of you aren't surfing enough.
Taub : Monkey DNA. Nice touch.
UNK: Really?
House : You don't think I should have gone with rat?
House : I've been second guessing myself all day.
Taub : Where are the DNA results?
House : First admit that I was right.
Taub : You manipulated me into doing it.
House : Yeah, I'll admit to that.
House : because you can't cheat an honest man.
Taub : I love them. I don't care if one of them isn't biologically mine.
House : What about both?
UNK: It could be. I haven't read these.
House : Now say I was right.
Taub : No. I'll admit I was weak for a moment,
Taub : but I'm not doing this, I don't care.
House : You do and I'll prove it.
House : I will shred this, I'll call off my pool,
House : return the money and we'll forget all about it.
House : Or we'll go to the light box in the lab
House : and know the truth once and for all.
UNK: Stop.
Taub : Let me see them.