Adams : He doesn't have photic epilepsy.
House : I know, because he has a pheochromocytoma.
Park : You said I was wrong.
House : You were wrong not to rule out epilepsy first.
House : That only takes a couple of hours.
House : Finding a tumor that's flushing adrenaline through his system
House : is gonna take all night.
House : Monitor his brain activity,
House : start a continuous urine test and blood draws every two hours.
UNK: I can't, I have my kids. Wilson' : Leaving in, like, 15 minutes.
House : Chase and Adams can do the tests.
Taub : Thank you.
House : For the massage bed.
House : You and Park are checking the motel he was bumping uglies at
House : for environmental factors.
Park : He couldn't find a babysitter. Get over it.
Taub : You're gonna get us killed.
Park : She thinks I'm a prostitute on her turf.
Park : Showing weakness is what gets you killed.
Taub : Why would she think you're a prostitute?
Park : I'm in a dump with a guy almost twice my age.
Park : What else is she gonna think?
Taub : How old do you think I am?
Chase : So who cheated on you?
Adams : We just met.
Adams : Don't you think it's a little early to be dragging up our baggage
Adams : in front of each other?
Chase : Who says I have baggage?
Adams : I know when House went to prison, you quit medicine.
Adams : You don't do that, unless...
Chase : I didn't quit, I took a vacation.
Chase : I knew when he got out, I'd get my job back.
Adams : House didn't even know he was coming back.
Chase : I had faith.
Adams : Now that has baggage stamped all over it.
Adams : Seizure activity?
Chase : No, one of the sensors came loose.
Adams : I'll fix it.
Adams : Not a pheochromocytoma.
Chase : and his body temp's been rising over the last three hours.
UNK: Where's the construction crew?
House : Well, I'm not gonna make them work day and night.
House : So I chose night.
Adams : And his urine and blood tests didn't show any evidence
Adams : of an adrenaline secreting tumor.
Park : Meningitis? We can do a lumbar puncture to confirm.
Taub : Sorry, I had to drop my kids off at day care across town.
Taub : What'd I miss? It's not meningitis.
Chase : His neck isn't stiff and his mental status is normal.
House : He's only guessing.
House : I'm talking to Taub.
House : He can't say "my kids" until he lets me test him.
UNK: So tell me about the love shack where he cheated on his bride.
UNK: The quarters came in handy.
UNK: My kids loved the massage bed.
Park : Lab tests show the bed tested positive for, uh, semen,
Park : vaginal secretions, saliva and fecal matter,
Park : both human and animal.
UNK: You probably want to boil the kids
UNK: for a couple of hours when you get home.
Park : The bathroom also tested positive for
Park : five different types of pathogenic bacteria.
House : Fusobacterium necrophorum was one of them.
UNK: Yeah. How did you know?
House : The bulge in his neck.
House : The bacteria colonized his parapharyngeal space,
House : moved into his jugular vein causing a thrombus.
House : Lemierre's Syndrome. Treat with amoxicillin and clavulanic acid.
UNK: Dig out the clot before it moves to his lungs and kills him.