Chase : Liver function has improved 30%.
UNK: It buys us a few extra days before he'll need a transplant.
House : Interesting question is, "Why is it regenerating?"
House : And scene.
House : Now we're back to boring reality, reality.
House : His liver was in shock before.
House : He's been having an allergic reaction since he got here.
UNK: It would explain why his symptoms appeared so rapidly.
UNK: And maybe it's starting to go away.
Taub : We need to run a scratch test to find out what set it off.
House : Or who.
House : This all started when he cheated on his wife.
Park : He's allergic to a person?
House : Or something she's wearing.
House : Makeup, perfume, birth control method.
UNK: Her Hello Kitty doll.
House : Two of you go find her and find out what.
House : Two of you start treatment with corticosteroids and epinephrine
House : while you run the scratch test.
Cindy : You think I did this to him?
Chase : Or something you wear, own, use or gave him.
Cindy : I gave him a condom. He didn't have one.
Adams : What kind?
Cindy : I don't know what kind. I got it from a health fair I was working at.
Denise : You're in the medical profession?
Cindy : I'm Miss Cedarville, the health fair is one of my responsibilities.
Adams : Is another one hooking up with 38-year-old married men?
Chase : I guess I'm supposed to be the good cop.
Chase : I know this is tough,
Chase : but anything you can remember might help save his life.
Cindy : He was giving me a ride home and he always seemed so nice.
Cindy : And then we ended up at the motel.
Cindy : Now everybody's talking about it,
Cindy : and if they find out it was me,
Cindy : I'm gonna lose my title and probably my job,
Cindy : and no one in town is ever gonna speak to me again.
Cindy : I made a mistake and now it's gonna end up ruining my life.
Bob : Denise never wants to see me again.
Park : What did you think was going to happen?
Bob : I was sick of living a lie.
Bob : Everybody loved me, everybody looked up to me,
Bob : but I didn't deserve it.
Taub : Everybody makes mistakes.
Taub : They just don't usually broadcast all of them at the same time.
Bob : Well, if I'm gonna die, I might as well do it with a clean soul.
Park : And if you live?
Park : You didn't just burn bridges.
Park : You torched, nuked and salted the earth with them.
Bob : Everybody has to pay for their sins.
Bob : It feels like you stuck me with a hot poker.
House : An allergic reaction.
Park : It's the swab for wheat-based allergies.
Bob : I've been eating wheat my entire life. I'm not allergic to wheat...
Bob : Now it feels like my whole body's on fire.
Park : This doesn't make any sense.
Park : He broke out with a rash right after
Park : but none of his blood samples shows he's allergic to it.
Taub : Then he's not allergic to it.
Chase : Could the corticosteroids have somehow caused it?
Taub : I didn't hook them up yet.
Taub : After he broke out, I wanted to confirm
Taub : it was gluten before we dosed him.
Chase : Could be a latex allergy.
UNK: It started with a condom and we've kept it
Chase : going with our gloves and equipment.
Taub : He doesn't test positive for that either.
Park : None of his samples test positive for anything.
Taub : Then he's allergic to something
Taub : not on the tests. I'll keep looking here.
Chase : We'll start the steroids and see if it clears up.
Foreman : You have one patient and three DNA results?
UNK: How else do I compare him to other genetic disorders?
Taub : What's up?
Foreman : Chase basically called me a sellout.
Taub : Just because you hung up your lab coat
Taub : for more money and a bigger office?
Foreman : I hung it up because someone had to run this place after Cuddy left.
Taub : There are a lot of good administrators out there,
Taub : not many good doctors.
Foreman : More to it than you think.
Foreman : For example, you're looking at monkey DNA.
Foreman : My analysis,
Foreman : House took your results after he manipulated you into providing them.