Hanna : Your phone is working down here.
House : Switched carriers, better rollover minutes. Talk.
Foreman : MRI was clean, but afterwards
Foreman : he started bleeding out of his eyes and nose.
House : So there was something wrong before the collapse.
Taub : Unless it's just conjunctive coagulopathy from the trauma.
House : Yeah, yeah, you don't think he was sick before, we get it.
Taub : You're wrong.
Chase : Brain infection?
Thirteen : Sorry I'm late.
Hanna : Where were you? Physical therapy.
Thirteen : I left my phone in my locker.
Chase : The infection causes neurological symptoms,
Chase : goes systemic, and DIC causes the bleed.
House : Good theory.
House : Except for the part that there's no fever.
House : Get an X-ray venogram.
House : See if you can find a reason for your existence.
House : Also look for venous sinus thrombosis.
UNK: We would've seen it on the MRI.
House : Not if you were too busy not looking for it.
Thirteen : We should X-ray for a facial fracture first,
Thirteen : this could all be simple trauma.
House : Just do what I tell you.
House : I'll be back in 10 minutes.
Hanna : You're leaving?
House : There's a dozen people here who can save you.
House : I'm apparently the only one who can save this other guy.
UNK: Wait.
Hanna : Don't go.
Cuddy : Hanna's freaking out.
Cuddy : She's having a panic attack, she can't breathe,
Cuddy : she's gonna rip out all her IVs.
House : So calm her down.
Cuddy : She wants you.
House : I'm flattered. Give her oxygen.
Cuddy : They won't let O2 down there, fear of explosion.
Cuddy : You have to go back. She needs you, House.
Hanna : You only came back because I freaked out, right?
House : Not at all. I just realized how big and scary the world is,
House : and how cozy and safe this little place is.
Cuddy : Thank you. I'm sorry I needed you.
UNK: Here. Call your husband.
UNK: Charlie?
Hanna : I'm here in...
Hanna : They called you?
Hanna : They're helping me.
Hanna : Are you coming?
Hanna : I don't know how this could've happened.
Hanna : It's your birthday. I'm so sorry.
House : See, this is why I lied about the phone.
House : Your BP is spiking, so you're bleeding faster from your leg wound,
UNK: and we'll have less time to save it. Hang up.
UNK: Okay. Okay, they're telling me I have to go.
House : That was stupid of me.
Hanna : It was nice.
House : I don't see that as a contradiction.
Hanna : He was already on his way.
Hanna : He was in Baltimore and they all saw it on the news.
Hanna : How many people were hurt?
House : What did I tell you about not raising your blood pressure?
Hanna : Can I ask what's wrong with your leg?
House : Crane fell on it.
House : Small world.
UNK: You could've just said no.
House : I'll remember that for my next human contact.
Hanna : Would you pray with me?
UNK: No.
House : I'm not in the habit of encouraging my patients' superstitions.
UNK: How's that a habit?
Hanna : You plan on getting trapped under a building again?
House : I don't believe in God.
Hanna : I don't either.
UNK: Please.
Hanna : I always thought
Hanna : if I did the right thing,
Hanna : if I treated people right,
Hanna : then good things would happen to me.
House : Do you think that's how it works?
House : I didn't use to.
House : Then recently I tried.
House : Now I don't know.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Good news.
Taub : Advancing catheter through interior jugular vein.
Taub : You told House you were at therapy.
Thirteen : Did you transcribe the entire meeting?
UNK: Entering the cavernous sinus.
Taub : Your therapy's on Thursdays.
UNK: It got rescheduled. Injecting dye.
UNK: Really?
Taub : I'm not gonna rat you out, we're friends.
Taub : I just wanna make sure you're okay.
Thirteen : No filling defects.
Thirteen : Don't worry. I'm okay.