House : It's kind of on top of you right now.
House : Okay, I'm gonna try to pull you out.
Hanna : Ow! My leg!
House : Okay. Okay.
UNK: I really need to get help.
Hanna : No. Stay.
Hanna : Someone else will come.
House : No one knows I'm down here.
Hanna : Please! Stay with me!
Hanna : Don't leave me in the dark!
House : I'll be right back.
Hanna : No! Don't leave me in the dark!
Hanna : Please stay!
Foreman : He's still in the ER, House.
Foreman : We haven't had time to start a differential.
UNK: Perfect, we'll start right now. Put me on speaker.
House : What causes syncope?
Taub : Your guy's stable. The two dozen other patients...
House : Don't need to be diagnosed,
House : they just need to be bandaged.
House : What causes syncope?
Chase : Vasovagal reaction.
UNK: Meningioma, sick sinus syndrome...
Taub : Or you're wrong and he just fell asleep.
House : How's he gonna sleep with 50 cups of coffee
House : going through his veins?
Taub : Were you never a medical resident?
House : I hear Ten, Eleven and Twelve. Where's Thirteen?
Foreman : She's not here.
UNK: And answer to your next question is,
UNK: "I don't know where she is."
House : Do you have the answer to my question after that?
UNK: A space-occupying lesion in his brain is most likely.
House : MRI will prove I'm right.
Taub : Or it'll just prove he suffered head trauma from the crash.
UNK: Which we'd want to find anyway.
House : Two birds with one scan. Do it.
Emt : Having trouble finding a vein for Hanna's IV.
UNK: Is she getting weaker? Paler?
Emt : No, no, she's stable.
UNK: That means her blood loss is minimal. It buys us some time.
House : Get the IV into her tibia.
House : It's almost hollow, feeds into the venous system.
House : Which they, obviously, don't teach you in EMT school.
UNK: Rescue Worker 1 : This side's still leaning pretty bad, got to shore up this beam.
UNK: What do you got?
UNK: We need six 4X4s...
UNK: Told you I'd be back.
House : Heard you might be thirsty.
House : I assume that bodes well for the rescue.
UNK: Structural beam, high-compression concrete. I can't break it up.
Hanna : You can't get me out of here?
UNK: No. Just means we're gonna move on
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : to a different piece of equipment.
UNK: I got airbags coming in that'll lift 70 tons.
House : What's your name?
House : You testing my mental state?
UNK: If I'm gonna be stuck down here for a while,
Hanna : I'd like somebody to talk to.
House : Look, the guy who just left
House : is the one who's gonna be holding your hand through all this.
UNK: You can talk to him.
House : Little pinch.
UNK: Ow! Ow!
House : Okay. Big pinch.
UNK: I got to call my husband. Can I use your phone?
House : No bars down here.
UNK: L'chaim.
Hanna : Where're you going? Don't worry.
House : Fire Marshal Bill will be back soon.