UNK: -You don't think l'm a total freak? -No.
UNK: Well....
UNK: Look, can l...?
UNK: Can l think you're a little weird and also cool...
UNK: ...for telling me the truth and also want to kiss you?
UNK: l guess so.
UNK: Can l think it's cool that you kissed me...
UNK: ...and also want to kiss you again?
UNK: And be a little concerned about the Magic Markers?
UNK: Definitely.
UNK: This is Vikram.
UNK: I need to talk to you about the long-term relationship we had.
UNK: Call me. I am in my kite-making studio.
UNK: Hi, honey, l'm home.
UNK: Hi.
Monica : -How was your flight? -lt was great.
UNK: l ordered a pool float from the Sky Mall.
UNK: Why'd l do that?
Monica : Why don't you sit down.
Monica : Get yourself comfortable.
UNK: Because l have a little...
Monica : ...surprise for you.
Chandler : Well, well, well. lt must be 5 : 00 in Tulsa...
UNK: ...because it's ''sex o'clock'' in N.Y.C.!
UNK: Okay. This is how much l love you.
UNK: The great white....
UNK: Honey?
UNK: Why am l watching a bunch of sharks swimming around?
UNK: ls this--? ls this not the good part?
UNK: Do you want me to fast-forward to something...toothier?
UNK: No, l'm just not sure that you got the right movie, that's all.
Monica : This is the only one they had at our video store.
UNK: Though they did have something called Crocodile Killers.
Monica : Or does it always have to be sharks?
Chandler : Does what always have to be sharks?
Monica : Look, we can do something else.
Monica : Do you want me to get into the tub and...thrash?
Chandler : -What's going on? -lt's okay. lt's okay.
UNK: l still love you.
Monica : -Let me be a part of this. -Let me be a part of this!
UNK: l saw what you were doing in Tulsa.
Monica : Angry sharks turn you on!
Chandler : No, they don't.
Monica : Then why were you watching them and giving yourself a treat?
Chandler : Oh, my God! When you came in, l switched the channel.
UNK: l was just watching regular porn.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Yes. Just some good, old-fashioned, American, girl-on-girl action.
UNK: Can l tell you how happy that makes me?
Chandler : You are an amazing wife.
UNK: Really, you are amazing. You were actually gonna do this for me?
Chandler : Where do you find the strength and the understanding for that?
UNK: l'm very, very drunk right now.
UNK: Ordinarily, l would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken.
UNK: Did l sleep with her? Did l not sleep with her?
UNK: Maybe this is a wake-up call. You know, about your whole dating attitude.
UNK: You're in your 30s and you have never been in a long-term relationship.
Phoebe : Here you go from woman to woman...
Phoebe : ...meaningless experience to meaningless experience.
Phoebe : Never even worrying that it doesn't turn into something more serious.
UNK: You're right. l love my life!
UNK: l actually did sleep with her.