UNK: and it's never gonna happen if Gates gets wind that I talked to cops.
Beckett : He won't.
Jerry : You don't know that.
Jerry : He's got reach in here.
Jerry : He'll have me taken out.
Beckett : Here's the deal, Jerry. Whether you talk to us or not,
Beckett : I'm willing to sit here all day.
UNK: So, it's gonna look like you were spilling your guts to us.
UNK: All right, but I want to be back in my cell in two minutes.
Beckett : Fair enough. Were the two of you friends?
Jerry : I guess. Whatever that means in here.
Jerry : I work in the kitchen. I snuck him fruit so he could make pruno.
Beckett : And in return he agreed to protect you?
UNK: Yeah. Now he's gone and I'm in here, going it alone.
Beckett : Every con I've ever known dreams of what he'll do
Beckett : and where he'll go once he gets out.
Beckett : Gates ever talk to you about that?
Jerry : I remember him talking about some strip clubs
UNK: and there's a place he liked to go drinking.
UNK: In the Meatpacking District.
Castle : What was it called?
Jerry : Hog something.
Jerry : Something about hog.
UNK: I just did some recon. He's at the bar, nursing a beer.
UNK: How many in there?
Esposito : Five total. Gates, the bartender, a waitress and two drunks.
Montgomery : He may be armed.
UNK: We take him quick, don't give him a chance to get any hostages.
Esposito : It's him!
Esposito : Let me see your hands!
UNK: Let me see your hands, right now! Let's see your hands, right now!
UNK: Put your hands up! NYPD!
UNK: - Put your hands up! - Hands in the air right now!
UNK: You heard the man, put your hands in the air
UNK: and get on your knees while you're at it!
Gates : Wow! Brought out the old guy, huh? Can only mean one thing.
Gates : You want me in a bad way, right?
Esposito : Shut up.
Gates : Don't forget to read me my rights.
UNK: It'd be a shame to get turned loose on a technicality.
Espostio : Let's go.
Castle : Cold, implacable.
Castle : The Triple Killer remains at ease.
Castle : Calm in the lair of his enemy, with a resting heart rate of 50.