House : and get the priest in a hyperbaric chamber before anything else falls off.
Thirteen : So, what are we gonna do now?
Foreman : I get a letter of recommendation from Cuddy and find a new job.
UNK: Oh, that's it? You're just gonna give up?
Cuddy : House was right. Our relationship did affect my judgment.
Thirteen : Then I should quit. It'll be easier for me to find another job.
Foreman : Not like this one.
Thirteen : We should both quit.
Foreman : What's that gonna accomplish?
House : Don't worry, I'll be fine.
Foreman : We'll be fine.
Foreman : Go ahead.
Thirteen : I'll see you tonight?
Foreman : I'll be home early.
Kutner : You really think House is done with Foreman?
Taub : If you ask me, Foreman should be done with Thirteen.
Taub : He's not gonna get a better job,
Taub : which means he'll end up resenting her for losing this one,
Taub : which she'll end up resenting.
Kutner : Or the hardship will bring them closer together,
Kutner : she'll invite friends over for Foreman to share.
UNK: No leaks from the heater.
Taub : She's not a nympho, she's bisexual,
Taub : which, by the way, means she's accustomed to partners
Taub : who don't need a map to find the treasure.
Taub : CO poisoning might have come from these cigarettes.
Kutner : Not unless he was smoking them in a bell jar.
Kutner : And even if you know where the treasure is,
Kutner : it can still be pretty hard to dig it up without a shovel.
Taub : You can buy a shovel.
House : Let's see, how do I keep House
House : from ruining my precious display of religious hypocrisy?
Daniel : I know, I'll pressure him to attend,
House : knowing that he'll never agree to anything I actually want him to do.
Cuddy : I didn't pressure you, I invited you.
Cuddy : And there's nothing hypocritical about recognizing your heritage.
House : So, you keeping kosher now?
House : Wearing four-cornered garments?
House : Slaughtering heifers to the god Ra?
House : Wait, is that one of your people?
House : Do it all, do nothing or option C,
House : you're a liar and a hypocrite.
UNK: House, for better or for worse, you are a part of my life.
Cuddy : It isn't a ploy, it's a sincere invitation.
Cuddy : I honestly want you to come.
House : Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Cuddy : I'm glad.
Cuddy : You idiot. I was free and clear.
Cuddy : Now he's coming, and it's your fault.
Wilson : Since when have your failed attempts
Wilson : at communication through lies become my fault?
Cuddy : Since you forgot how to keep your mouth shut.
Cuddy : You messed it up, and now you're gonna fix it.
Cuddy : And you're gonna keep my name out of it.
Kutner : - How is he? - Stable.
Thirteen : Necrosis doesn't look to be spreading.
Kutner : I was talking about Foreman. Is he really gonna leave?
Thirteen : That's usually what people do when they get fired.
Taub : Why are you biting my head off?
Kutner : I was just wondering what he was gonna do.
Thirteen : You're right, I'm sorry. It's not your fault.
Taub : It's not House's fault, either.
Taub : He gave you guys a chance, you blew it.
Thirteen : He didn't give us a chance, he gave us an ultimatum.
UNK: I would have thought five years here would buy a mistake or two.
Daniel : Help me!
Daniel : Help me.
Daniel : I can't breathe. Feels like someone's sitting on my chest.
Kutner : Looks like a heart attack.
Foreman : I assume you've heard.
Cuddy : I can't override him.
Foreman : I'm not asking you to override him.
Foreman : I'm asking for a letter of recommendation.
Cuddy : Eric, the reality here is, House should have fired you.
Cuddy : You falsified medical records,
Cuddy : put this hospital's reputation in jeopardy.
Cuddy : You're lucky you still have a license.
Foreman : I can't get a decent position at another hospital without a recommendation.