Taub : Nothing structurally wrong with the eye.
Kutner : His heart rate's down, sensory loss is becoming more diffuse,
Kutner : progressive muscle weakness. He's shutting down.
Thirteen : It's got to be something systemic, like autoimmune.
Taub : CSF was clear for Guillain-Barré. Cancer?
UNK: Lmaging studies have been clear for tumors.
Thirteen : Then that leaves infection.
Kutner : He'd be brimming with white blood cells.
House : Or we're at the backstage door of a Duran Duran concert.
House : Hundreds of screaming girls clustered around.
House : What does that mean?
Kutner : That girls like rock bands.
House : The presence of the fans indicates the presence of the band.
House : Different night. Same band, same door.
House : Now there's not a girl in sight.
House : What does that mean?
Thirteen : Sorry, I don't speak hair band.
Kutner : They weren't a hair band, they were new romantics.
Kutner : The band already left?
UNK: Nope. Band's still there, still rocking out.
House : When does the absence of the fans not indicate the absence of the band?
Thirteen : When it's 2009. There aren't any Duran Duran fans.
UNK: They don't make them any more.
House : If there's no infection, it's because there aren't any fans, no white cells.
Taub : You think his spleen?
House : Why do I bother with these great metaphors if I still have to spell it out?
House : Yes, I think it's his spleen. Go get a biopsy.
Taub : Why are you talking this time?
Thirteen : If I quit, will you rehire Foreman?
UNK: Why?
Thirteen : He can't find another job, I can.
House : And you're willing to make that sacrifice for him?
UNK: Yes.
House : Does Foreman know about this plan?
UNK: Yes.
House : Well, if he's okay with it, who am I to say no?
Kutner : Hold still.
Daniel : You think it's my spleen?
House : That's what they're testing.
House : So, if I happen to cure you, what happens then?
House : You start thinking that God was working through me,
House : this is some sort of miracle?
Daniel : Do you think I'm an idiot?
House : That's what I'm testing.
Daniel : Losing my faith wasn't a choice I made.
Daniel : It happened, it's gone, for good.
House : But if it can magically disappear, it can magically reappear.
House : And that's what you're hoping.
House : Your job... Sucks.
House : That's my point. You could make more money frapping decafs,
House : and yet you're still ministering to the meek.
House : Why do the Lord's work if the Lord has left the building?
Daniel : I've been with the church my entire adult life.
Daniel : It's my only marketable skill.
House : I detect the stink of leftover faith.
Thirteen : You want to talk hypocrisy, what about you?
Daniel : You act like you don't care about anyone,
Daniel : but here you are, saving lives.
House : Solving puzzles. Saving lives is just collateral damage.
Daniel : Nice try. I don't think you're looking for somebody to prove you right,
Daniel : I think you're looking for somebody to prove you wrong, to give you hope.
UNK: You want to believe, don't you?
House : Yeah. I want to walk out and find myself in a forest of whore trees.
House : But I don't think it's a good idea to tell people to go fornicate with fruit.
House : Hey, I was just talking about you.
UNK: Well, not you specifically, whores and hypocrisy.
Foreman : You were right. I don't want you there.
Cuddy : It's a special occasion, filled with love and acceptance,
Cuddy : and the last thing I need is someone there who's filled with loathing and contempt.