Thirteen : I'm sorry.
Taub : Chest pain wasn't angina. EKG ruled out heart attack.
House : So, the good news is, he didn't have a heart attack.
House : The bad news is, I apparently fired the only guy
House : who actually knows what a heart attack looks like.
House : So, the man of God who doesn't believe in God
House : had a heart attack that isn't a heart attack.
House : Do I know how to pick awesome cases or what?
House : Could be a clotting disorder.
Kutner : Three different symptoms, three different clots?
Daniel : I know. How cool is that? You two do an angio.
House : You don't want to work, so why don't you just go get me a lottery ticket?
House : The sicker he gets, the luckier I feel.
Kutner : Where are you going?
House : I've been wanting to introduce myself.
House : You really a virgin?
Daniel : You have to treat me, you don't have to believe me.
House : And before we treat you, we have to diagnose you.
House : Not knowing whether we can believe you is making that difficult.
Daniel : Everything I've told you is true.
House : You lost your faith because a teenager got confused.
UNK: And my church abandoned me, and my God forsook me,
Daniel : and I couldn't come up with a reason why a god would do that.
Kutner : God gave the church and the kid free will.
Kutner : Their exercise of that free will hurt you.
Kutner : Means you're just a victim of God's gift to mankind.
Daniel : Oh, yeah. God wants life to have meaning.
Daniel : Life's meaningless without free will.
Daniel : With free will, there's always suffering. So God wants suffering.
Daniel : I got tired of that argument before I even finished saying it.
Daniel : And even if I bought that, what the hell is God doing? Just the big stuff?
Daniel : The acts of God, the hurricanes, the earthquakes,
Daniel : the random killings of millions of innocent people?
Daniel : Then we better damn pray.
House : God, I wish you weren't a pedophile.
Taub : Lungs are clean. No embolism, no pleurisy, no pneumonia.
Thirteen : I'm sorry, this is going to hurt.
Daniel : No, it's fine.
Kutner : No pain at all?
Daniel : No, why?
House : Because there should be.
House : You feel that?
UNK: No.
UNK: Regional anesthesia's a new symptom.
UNK: Unless the chest pain is related to the numbness.
House : It's not circulatory, it's neurological.
House : Run a nerve conduction study.
House : And be careful. If you kill him,
House : he'll be dancing with the Dark One.
Wilson : Why the hell are you going to Cuddy's baby naming?
Wilson : It's a religious ceremony, it's boring.
Wilson : Why waste a good evening that could be much better spent
Wilson : in a drunken stupor, feeling sorry for yourself?
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : Okay? Okay, you won't go?
House : Okay, your obligation to Cuddy is fulfilled.
Wilson : Why are you doing this?
House : Why did Hillary conquer Everest?
Wilson : You always have a reason. It's usually a bad one, but a reason.
House : She's being childish.
Wilson : See, that's an example from the bad category. Is it resentment?
Wilson : The stork brought home a new baby and you don't want to share Mommy,
Wilson : or you just can't stand to see others happy?
House : She's trying to play me. If I let her succeed, the terrorists win.
Thirteen : I heard there might be an opening in the ER.
Cameron : Foreman's a neurologist, that's not where he...
Thirteen : I did an ER rotation in Miami.
Thirteen : If I can find another position, I figure House will rehire Foreman.
Chase : Don't quit.
Thirteen : Cuddy wouldn't give Foreman a recommendation.
Thirteen : He's not gonna be able to find a decent job.
Chase : Foreman shouldn't leave, either.
Cameron : You think they should split up?
Chase : Office romances are a bad idea.
Chase : We beat some very long odds.
UNK: Wow, honey, save the gushy stuff for the wedding.
Foreman : House is playing with you.
Cameron : If you let him get away with it, he won't respect you anyway.
Chase : Or House is helping you.
Chase : He knows it probably won't work out,
Chase : and he's actually doing you a favor.
Cameron : Yeah, that sounds a lot more like House.
Cameron : I know they're looking for someone at Mercy. I'll make a call.
UNK: Is your boss always like that?
Kutner : Usually worse.
Kutner : Finding a fellow atheist always makes his day.
UNK: You think it's possible maybe God's testing your faith?
Daniel : No, I already failed. There'd be no point in what he's doing to me now.
Taub : Got something. Looks like intercostal neuralgia.
Foreman : What's that?
Kutner : Something's traumatizing one of the nerves that runs along your ribs.
Kutner : Explains the chest pain and numbness.
Kutner : Could also cause muscle atrophy.
Daniel : Does it do anything to the eyes? Why? What's wrong?
UNK: You're seeing Jesus again?
Daniel : I'm seeing nothing. My right eye went blind.
UNK: Ophthalmological exam's normal.