UNK: If you're saying that she's not a hypocrite...
House : I'm not. I'm trying to give you a rational reason
Wilson : to overlook her hypocrisy, so you don't feel like a hypocrite for going.
House : Oh. Sorry, continue.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : Even if an absolute truth exists, we can't know all of it.
Wilson : And you can't condemn her for recognizing that.
Wilson : Are you eliminating symptoms?
House : We can know everything.
Wilson : This is medicine, not metaphysics.
House : Truth is truth.
House : It fits.
Wilson : It doesn't fit.
Wilson : You can't eliminate a symptom.
House : I can if it's not a symptom.
Wilson : Well, what is it?
House : Not a symptom.
UNK: You're not going to die.
House : You have Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome.
House : It impairs your immune system,
House : makes you susceptible to all the AIDS stuff without actually having AIDS.
House : And you didn't catch it, you were born with it.
House : Another gift from God.
Eileen : You sure?
House : Genetic tests should confirm it,
House : but it explains all your symptoms. Toe, chest, eyes, skin.
House : What about my hallucination?
House : Scotch explains that.
Daniel : That was just a coincidence?
House : Coincidences do happen.
UNK: But that coincidence is what brought me to you in the first place.
House : You promised you wouldn't go there.
Daniel : Einstein said, "Coincidences are God's way of remaining anonymous."
House : A woman in Florida said, "Look, Jesus is on my cheese sandwich."
Daniel : You didn't even want to take my case. You didn't even think I was sick.
House : The fact that I was wrong is not a proof of God.
Daniel : I'm just trying to understand how my life can completely turn around in a single day.
House : Don't worry, your life will go back to sucking soon enough.
House : Everything that happened to you can be rationally explained.
Daniel : I know. It's just...
Daniel : That's a lot of coincidences.
Cuddy : House was right about the priest.
Cuddy : Genetic test confirmed it was Wiskott-Aldrich.
Cameron : And I would've discharged him.
Cuddy : Everybody would've discharged him.
Cuddy : House included. He only took that case as a stall.
Cameron : And yet it was a real case, and he solved it.
Cuddy : By violating his own principles,
Cuddy : and ignoring the admitting symptoms.
Cuddy : Still, he somehow got away with it.
Cuddy : Saved another life.
Cameron : You want him there tonight.
Cameron : You should tell him.
House : Cold out there.
Cuddy : At least you have shoes that cover your toes.
House : So, it's tonight?
UNK: Yeah.
Cuddy : Bad weather for it, huh?
House : Maybe you'll get lucky.
House : Maybe your sister will decide the roads are too dangerous to drive on.
Cuddy : Fingers crossed.
House : Have fun.