UNK: You give up on me that fast? You get a job behind my back?
Thirteen : You're acting like I'm cheating on you.
Foreman : I said I would handle this.
Thirteen : House knew you'd be like this.
UNK: Wow.
Foreman : Guess House knows me better than you do.
Foreman : Too bad I don't go both ways.
Daniel : Good night.
Wilson : Don't you hate when they put the mushrooms underneath the cheese?
House : Your attendance is validating her hypocrisy.
House : If she invited you to a ceremonial lynching, would you go?
Wilson : It would depend on what she was serving. Everyone's a hypocrite.
Taub : Why are you suddenly so obsessed with Cuddy's particular brand?
UNK: I'm just making conversation.
House : Would you rather we go back to talking about mushrooms and cheese?
Wilson : You're the hypocrite. You want to go.
Wilson : You don't resent this baby, you want to be a part of it.
House : Yes, but not until her 16th birthday in some states.
Wilson : This is ridiculous. You two deserve each other.
UNK: If you want to go, just go and act like a human being.
House : Wow. Solid advice. Except for two things.
House : I'm acting like I don't want to go because I don't want to go,
UNK: and I am incapable of acting like a human being.
UNK: Ryan?
UNK: Yeah. I'm Dr. Chris Taub. Can we talk?
Ryan : Yeah. What's wrong?
Taub : In private?
Ryan : Nobody's listening to us here.
Taub : I work at Princeton-Plainsboro Hospital.
Taub : I have some news about Father Daniel Bresson.
Ryan : What about him?
Taub : We believe he has AIDS.
Ryan : Okay, so?
Taub : Well, given the incident four years ago,
Taub : I think you should be tested, unless you've already done so.
Ryan : How sick is he?
UNK: Very.
Ryan : Okay. Well, thanks.
Taub : Have you been tested?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And?
Ryan : And it really isn't any of your business.
Foreman : I want my job back.
House : Love, sacrifice, deception and now betrayal.
House : This is better than a telenovela.
UNK: What's going on?
House : Well, either Foreman is here as the two of you discussed,
House : to beg for his job back in exchange for me dumping you
House : or nothing.
Thirteen : You're trying to get me fired?
Foreman : I'm suggesting you quit and I stay,
Foreman : which is exactly what you suggested last night.
Thirteen : I told Eggers I didn't want the job.
Foreman : Find another one. It took you eight hours to find that one.
Thirteen : The point is, why didn't you tell me you were doing this?
Thirteen : Why are you here without me?
Foreman : You're overreacting. We'll talk about this later.
Thirteen : That's what this is about. It's about you taking control.
Thirteen : It's about you not being able to handle me saving your ass.
Foreman : And you're not being controlling right now?
House : Yeah, who's the controlling bitch now?
Foreman : House, shut up.