UNK: Okay.
Thirteen : That's it?
Cuddy : You're really not coming?
House : I'm really not coming.
Cuddy : Thank you.
House : You're welcome.
UNK: Gosh, I feel so grown-up.
Kutner : He's obviously just jerking you around.
Kutner : Wants to see if you're serious.
Kutner : If you just stick it out, I think he'll bring Foreman back.
House : I don't. And even if I'm wrong,
Taub : I think you should still split up.
Taub : It's just a matter of time before one of you finds
Taub : the other in bed with another woman.
Kutner : This coming from the relationship expert.
Taub : 12 years and counting.
Thirteen : Hey, if you can make it that long, then anyone can.
Taub : Funny how the two people in the room who think relationships are easy
Taub : are both single.
Daniel : I don't think they're easy.
Kutner : That's why I think if you find something that could be good,
Taub : you should hang on to it.
Taub : Everything could be good, very little ever is.
Thirteen : His spleen is fine. Just some insignificant traces of minor bugs.
Thirteen : Nothing that'd make him sick.
Taub : Which minor bugs?
House : Why do people suddenly find religion when they have kids?
Daniel : Fear of the unknown.
Daniel : Cornerstone of faith.
Daniel : I think it makes perfect sense.
House : So it makes sense because it doesn't make sense?
Daniel : The fact that you're railing about it doesn't make a lot of sense.
Daniel : You really got a thing for your boss, huh?
House : I've got a thing for my boss's thing.
House : She doesn't have a thing per se. I'm big on metaphors.
Daniel : What about you? Twenty-nine years of celibacy.
House : What's holding you back now?
Daniel : Who wants a relationship with a priest?
Daniel : Who wants a relationship?
UNK: House.
Taub : It's the holy water.
Thirteen : We assumed if it was an infection, it had to be something big and nasty.
Taub : But he has pneumocystis,
Taub : a harmless bug that's everywhere and never makes anyone sick,
Taub : unless they have a compromised immune system.
House : So Father Nietzsche has AIDS.
UNK: Impossible.
Daniel : I've never had a blood transfusion,
Daniel : I've never done IV drugs, I've never had sex.
Taub : So prove it. Have an AIDS test.
Daniel : No. I know I don't have AIDS.
Kutner : We can't treat you until we know what it is.
Daniel : A negative result proves nothing.
Daniel : On the off chance it's a false positive,
Daniel : I permanently lose any credibility I have left.
Taub : I'd say you just lost that.
Daniel : I'd say I lost that with you a long time ago.
Taub : We should start treatment for AIDS.
Kutner : We need to be sure.
Kutner : The antiretrovirals could fry his heart, his liver, his kidneys...
Taub : I'm willing to take that chance. Big of you.
Taub : I'm more worried about the kid he molested.
Taub : We should be finding him and getting him tested.
Kutner : You don't think he already got tested?
Taub : Maybe he did, maybe he didn't,
Taub : but that's a chance I'm not willing to take.
Kutner : Legally, we can't inform sexual partners about STDs.
Taub : This isn't some middle-aged barfly who likes it bareback,
Taub : this is an innocent kid who was molested.
Kutner : You just want to rub the priest's face in it. Get him transferred again.
Taub : Yeah, heaven forbid a diddler has job issues.
House : And you get brought up on charges.
House : Lost enough doctors this week. Treat him for AIDS.
Thirteen : Found a job.
Foreman : I didn't know you were looking.
Thirteen : Eggers at Mercy says I can start Monday.
House : Why would you... House says if I go, you can come back.
Foreman : It's been less than two days.