Chase : Physically, his eyes are fine. The problem's isolated to his brain.
UNK: Damage to the occipital lobe extends from the primary visual cortex...
Cameron : We should retest him for bacterial meningitis.
House : If it was meningitis, we'd all be sick.
Cameron : His CSF might show signs...
House : LP's pointless. We already did a brain biopsy.
House : It was negative.
Chase : - Toxic mold. - If it was toxic mold, I'd be sick.
House : - How do we know you're not sick? - Do I seem happy to you?
UNK: Never.
Chase : It was funny.
House : Well, let's assume it's not blood-borne.
House : If you start cracking jokes, we can reassess.
House : In the meantime, stay away from people and animals that you care about.
UNK: Guillain Barré.
Chase : Neither of them had any sort of paralysis.
Cameron : Joe could have died before the paralysis had a chance to present.
Chase : - What about arbovirus? - Start treatment.
UNK: For arbovirus? You think our Jersey beat cop has been spending a lot of time
Cameron : exploring deep, dark Africa?
House : Treatment for everything, likely or unlikely.
House : If you can think of it, treat for it.
Chase : Mixing that many meds will create all sorts of toxic interactions.
Cameron : We'll box his liver, trash his kidneys. There's got to be a better way.
House : Of course there's a better way!
House : It's that body sitting in the room with him that Cuddy won't let us touch!
House : Bacterials, virals, toxins, fungals, parasites, it's got to be one of them.
Cameron : Where are you going?
House : See if I can find another brain to biopsy.
Chase : They're gonna lock Joe up downstairs until the CDC gets here.
Chase : Foreman, you can't see.
UNK: Right.
Chase : House wants to start you on some meds. They're in the air lock.
Foreman : - For what? - Leading candidate is toxic mold.
Foreman : - Is Cameron sick? - I'm fine, thanks for asking.
UNK: You're casting your net a little wider than toxic mold, aren't you?
UNK: Guillain Barré is also on the table.
UNK: This is an oval shape. That's either an "L" or a "7."
UNK: I'm guessing an "L." Levofloxacin, because you can't rule out bacteria.
Foreman : 8-0-0. That's the dosage for acyclovir in case it's viral.
Foreman : Square. No, more like a rhombus.
Foreman : That's fluconazole for fungus. There's about eight others here.
Foreman : You're treating me for everything. You have no idea what I've got.
Chase : House thinks this is the best course of action.
Foreman : House is desperate. House is never desperate.
Cameron : Something we give you will work.
Foreman : Yeah, we should start treating all patients this way.
Foreman : When they get sick, they just take everything.
Chase : It's better than doing nothing.
Foreman : - Hello? - I'm at the cop's place.
UNK: I need to retrace your steps.
Foreman : You don't think the "treat him for everything" approach is enough?
House : - Where did you start your search? - The kitchen.
UNK: OK, well, tell me everything you did, everything you touched.
House : If you went to the john, I want to know when and why.
UNK: It started with samples from the mold in his sink.
House : - What next? - That's it. Then I left.