Foreman : I've never done a will.
Cameron : I'll call a lawyer for you.
UNK: I want you to be my medical proxy.
UNK: All the things that piss me off about you in House's office,
UNK: you're too emotional and too caring, too cautious...
UNK: They're all good things on this floor.
Cameron : - Your dad is... - No.
Cameron : - He cares about you. - So do you.
Cameron : I can't do this.
Foreman : We expect family members to make decisions about their loved ones
UNK: after a ten-minute briefing, that we're agonizing over
Foreman : even with years of medical experience.
Cameron : That's from my article.
Foreman : I'm sorry, Allison.
Foreman : I shouldn't have stolen your article. I shouldn't have exposed you.
Cuddy : You were a friend.
Foreman : I need to know that we're OK.
UNK: No.
Cameron : I'll be your proxy, but we're not OK.
Cameron : You're scared you're dying and it's the only reason
UNK: you want to set things right.
Cameron : We're gonna get you better first and then...
UNK: if you still wanna apologize, I'll be around.
Cameron : I'll call that lawyer.
House : - Any improvements? - No. As far as we can tell,
UNK: the only thing the antibiotics are treating is the Legionella.
Cameron : I think we need to consider alternate theories.
House : - Like what? - We do the biopsy. We...
House : Give the antibiotics more time.
Cameron : There is no more time. The pain is almost unbearable already.
House : So he's almost in unbearable pain. He's not almost dead!
House : Which means we have more time.
Cuddy : Mr. Foreman?
Chase : We need to put your son in a coma.
Chase : You should be there.
Rodney : It's a medical procedure, right?
UNK: Yeah.
Chase : But once we put him out, if we don't solve this...
Chase : he won't wake up.
Rodney : What should I say?
Rodney : Should I talk to him like it's going to be OK?
Rodney : Or should I be saying goodbye?
Rodney : I need to know what people say when...
Chase : Just tell him you love him.
Rodney : - Hey, Son. - Hey, Dad.
Rodney : It's going to be OK.
Foreman : You don't know that.
Rodney : I know.
House : You don't.
Rodney : I don't wanna miss you.
Foreman : I love you too, Dad.
UNK: Hey.
Foreman : It's gonna be OK.