UNK: Brilliant.
UNK: Cameron, what type of illnesses affect humans but not rats?
Cameron : Why are you asking me that?
UNK: Because I'm sure that you spent the first 12 years of your life
House : dreaming of being a vet. The rat is not getting sick.
House : - Cameron is not getting sick. - Sorry.
UNK: It's OK, it's not your fault.
House : Presumably, you're still healthy because whatever it is, it's not blood-borne.
House : Steve has no excuse. He did everything that Foreman did.
Chase : Some bacterial infections don't affect rats.
Cameron : Foreman tested negative for every bacterial infection
Cameron : - that would affect his brain. - And what infections
House : could he be positive for but test negative for?
House : When we test for infections, we look for antibodies.
House : Now, what if the patient is infected but has no antibodies?
House : What if the body is not fighting the infection?
Foreman : - Why would... - I asked first.
UNK: Let's start with the "what." We'll deal with the "why" later.
Chase : If the body doesn't recognize the infection, our tests come back negative,
Chase : and the disease rampages through the body unstopped.
House : Exactly like the cop and exactly like Foreman.
UNK: Now, what if the patient was then exposed to a second infection,
House : like Legionella? The body would recognize that infection,
House : increase the white count, send in the troops to start fighting,
House : and the initial infection would get caught in the crossfire.
House : So the question becomes what type of bacterial infection
UNK: affects humans but not rats,
House : and the human body would be unlikely to recognize?
UNK: The answer is listeria.
UNK: I'm starting you on amp and gent.
Foreman : So, you're basing this theory on the tests being negative
Foreman : and your rat being healthy?
House : And the fact that Legionnaire's is helping you.
UNK: But the medicine you want to give me will put an end to that.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : And if it's not listeria, all the gent will do
Foreman : is cure the Legionnaire's disease
Foreman : and put whatever is killing me back into overdrive.
House : Stop asking me questions based on the premise that I'm wrong.
House : The antibiotics are in the airlock.
Foreman : I think the first biopsy didn't give us the answer
Foreman : because you didn't go deep enough.
Foreman : I want you to do a white matter brain biopsy.
House : Absolutely. Don't blame you.
House : The world is such a complicated place if you've got higher reasoning skills.
UNK: I'm often jealous of small animals and retarded children.
House : Take the antibiotics.
Foreman : There can be minimal damage if it's done right,
Foreman : if the surgeons drill where I tell them to drill.
House : One slip, you could spend the rest of your life not being able
House : - to keep your drool in your mouth. - I'd rather be disabled than dead.
House : Sure! I make it look oh-so-sexy.
House : It's actually not as glamorous as you might think.
Foreman : The biopsy will tell us for sure what's wrong.
House : The antibiotics could do the same thing!
UNK: - "Could," not "will." - We try it, we see.
House : The antibiotics will bring back the pain!
House : Pain makes us make bad decisions.
House : Fear of pain is almost as big a motivator.
House : Look, we still have time.
House : I will do that biopsy if I have to. But not a moment before.
House : Start Foreman on IV antibiotics. Where's his dad?
UNK: Where you're supposed to be when your son is dying.
House : - He's not with him. - He's in the chapel.
UNK: Oh, man...
UNK: I started your son on a new course of treatment.
House : If it works, he'll get better.
House : If it doesn't, he won't.
House : While he's not getting better,
House : he's going to experience so much pain
House : that we'll have to put him in a chemically-induced coma
House : while we figure out what to do next.
Rodney : My son says you're a manipulative bastard.
UNK: It's a pet name. I call him "Dr. Bling."
Rodney : I assume you're here for a reason. What do you want from me?
House : When your son is in a coma...
UNK: you're the one who's gonna have to make the medical decisions for him.
Rodney : Whatever you decide is fine.
House : - You don't care what I do? - I'm not a doctor. What do I know,
Rodney : except what Eric tells me?
Rodney : He says you're the best doctor he's ever worked with.
Foreman : I need your help.
Cameron : There's nothing I can give you for the pain.
UNK: I want to be put out.
Cameron : I can have a nurse in here in five minutes.
UNK: No.
Foreman : Once I'm out, I might not come back.