Foreman : to the primary motor cortex, which controls the muscles.
Foreman : Aren't you glad you sent me to med school?
Rodney : - Does it hurt? - No.
Rodney : Is it gonna?
Foreman : The other guy...
Foreman : he didn't seem to suffer too much.
UNK: He just went in his sleep.
Wilson : Steve's still acting normal. No sign of contractures.
UNK: They got the cop's body in a locked, airtight bag.
Wilson : And a guard on the door. Those feds are seriously paranoid.
House : He hasn't gotten up to pee in hours. He's due.
Wilson : You haven't sprinkled Senokot granules on his donut?
Wilson : His bowels would open up like the Red Sea.
House : He wouldn't eat the donut.
Wilson : Have you seriously been down here for hours?
UNK: No.
House : I had to pee a couple times.
Wilson : You've got to stop blaming Cuddy for this.
House : Given that it is her fault, that seems appropriate.
Wilson : That part is her fault.
Wilson : The part where somebody wasted his time in the basement
Wilson : plotting the overthrow of a government agency, that one's on you.
House : Only thing I can do is think. You can pretty much do that anywhere.
House : As long as no one's bugging me.
Rodney : Did you call your brother?
UNK: No.
House : - Did you? - No.
Foreman : It's not a big deal.
UNK: I sure would have liked to see Mom, though.
Rodney : You know she can't travel anymore.
Foreman : You tell her?
UNK: Why?
Rodney : Just upset her for a while.
Rodney : Then she wouldn't remember for a while.
Foreman : She should know.
Rodney : She's lost a lot of who she was.
Rodney : She can't deal with something like this.
House : And you can?
Rodney : I still know you're going to a better place.
Foreman : It's easy for you, isn't it?
Foreman : As long as you believe I'm going to a better place, dying ain't so bad.
Rodney : I don't want you to be afraid.
UNK: If I'm not afraid of dying, what the hell should I be afraid of, Dad?
Rodney : I thought you believed.
Foreman : I did.
UNK: I'm not so sure anymore.
Rodney : I'm going to pray for you, Son.
Rodney : I suggest you do the same.
Chase : Field of vision is regressing and he's reached an eight on the pain scale.
Cameron : The disease pattern is following the exact course as Joe's.
Chase : Only it's moving much faster in Foreman.
House : Good. It's an anomaly. Anomalies tell us things.
House : Why would this go faster in Foreman? What's different?
Cameron : Could be a different strain of the same disease?
House : Right! We were wasting all this time looking for an unknown disease.
UNK: We should have be looking for a different strain of an unknown disease.
Chase : Joe's a cop. He's into physical fitness.
Chase : He could have had a more powerful immune system, stronger metabolism.
Cameron : Foreman's black.
House : What? How long have you been sitting on this information?
Cameron : Lupus, gout, glaucoma, osteoarthritis, hypertension, diabetes, stop me anytime,
Cameron : they all affect black people more than whites.
House : Check everything.
House : Bacterials, fungals, toxins, parasites.
House : Look for anything with a documented racial disparity.
UNK: Wait.
Cameron : - The rat's showing symptoms? - No.
House : He's completely healthy.