Cuddy : Keep avoiding Foreman's case until he dies.
Cuddy : Then I'll drown in guilt.
Cameron : Feeling any better?
Foreman : - How are you doing? - I'm not the patient.
Foreman : Is your sed rate elevated?
Cameron : No. So far, it looks like I lucked out.
UNK: Cameron, it looks like you left the tourniquet on the bed.
Cameron : - You can see again? - The treatment's working.
House : The question is, which treatment?
Cameron : We'll start weaning him off one at a time. Which one do we start with?
House : I don't care if you do it alphabetically.
House : Just stay on top of his vision.
House : First sign of regression means we've taken him off the wrong one.
UNK: Latest blood work. Foreman's amylase and lipase levels are three times normal.
UNK: - The pancreas is failing. - A toxic side effect of his meds.
UNK: How do you wanna die?
Foreman : Old age.
UNK: Your choice is currently between 4 hours from now and 14 hours from now.
House : So I'm assuming that means you want the latter.
Foreman : The cocktail's working. My vision's almost completely restored.
House : The meds are curing what's in your head, but they're trashing your pancreas.
House : That's why you're puking and you can't stand up without screaming.
Foreman : So lower the dosages.
Foreman : Less stress on my pancreas, still battle the infection.
UNK: - Lower dosages will still be toxic. - I don't care!
Foreman : I can handle the pain of the pancreatitis.
UNK: I don't think you can handle life without a pancreas.
UNK: If we keep you on these meds,
House : you'll spend the last four hours of your life being able to see.
UNK: We take you off, you'll go blind again.
House : But it'll give us time to figure out what's eating your brain.
Foreman : Fine. What do we do next?
UNK: Eric?
UNK: Dad?
House : Yeah, you two can get caught up later. Sir, I need you to come with me.
Cuddy : House, what is this?
UNK: He's not a "what," he's a "who." They even have the right to vote now.
House : Rodney Foreman, Cuddy. Cuddy, Rodney Foreman.
Rodney : Nice to meet you, ma'am. This is Foreman's dad.
Cuddy : Yeah, I got that.
UNK: And Dr. Cuddy here is the Dean of Medicine.
House : Remember that cool autopsy I was telling you about,
House : the one that would save your son's life?
House : She's the one who can give us the green light to do it.
Rodney : I understand you don't want them to do it.
Rodney : Dr. House didn't seem to know why.
Cuddy : Mr. Foreman, I am doing everything I can to get the CDC...
House : Won't be soon enough. And my decision to follow
Cuddy : public health safety protocols...
House : Oh, don't blame the rules. Don't hang this on policy and protocol.
Cuddy : I'm well aware that it may cost your son his life,
Cuddy : just as I am well aware that my decision has a devastating effect
Cuddy : on family and friends, without having them paraded in front of me.
Cuddy : Your son has an unknown,
Cuddy : contagious, deadly infection.
Cuddy : If we don't contain it here, even more people could be at risk.
Cuddy : And I am capable of empathizing with those people too,
Cuddy : without having them paraded in front of me.
Rodney : I understand.
Rodney : What's wrong with your hand?
Foreman : It's called a muscle contracture.
Rodney : I thought this thing was in your brain.
Foreman : It is. It just means the infection's moved