Foreman : - Genius! - Let's go home.
UNK: I wanna wait for the girl, make sure that mole's okay.
Foreman : Bobby the Bouncer sees you standing out here like a stalker,
Foreman : he's gonna break open your skull.
Taub : It was asymmetrical, it could be cancerous.
Foreman : You want to get your skull cracked open.
Darrien : You're trying to punish yourself.
Taub : I want to fulfill my oath as a doctor.
Foreman : You think you're a screw-up because you got a girl pregnant
Foreman : and you deserve to suffer. You don't.
Foreman : You just need some sleep and you'll handle this mess.
Foreman : Let's get in the car.
Taub : She's probably off work soon.
Foreman : Give me the keys, I'll drive.
Foreman : I'll get a cab.
Foreman : Good luck with everything.
Chase : You were defending your friend beyond all rationality,
Chase : granting her the right to die in your bedroom.
UNK: Was it really all because of a promise?
Thirteen : That word means something to some people.
Chase : Not that much.
Thirteen : I don't see the bleed, I'm moving down to the brain stem.
Chase : You promised your brother you'd euthanize him,
Chase : and you think you won't feel bad about it
Chase : as long as you can blame it on the promise.
Chase : That's why you have this twisted obligation to keep all promises.
Chase : Or your carefully constructed defense mechanism could crumble down.
Thirteen : I saved my brother from a lot of pain.
Thirteen : Reconstructed image is clear.
Thirteen : There's no bleed in Darrien's brain.
Chase : Image just blurred. Did she wake up?
Thirteen : She's shivering.
Thirteen : She must have a fever.
UNK: Infection? It couldn't be from the stabbing.
Chase : It has to be from the stabbing.
UNK: Wait, no, it couldn't be acting that quickly.
Chase : Well then, what's wrong with her?
Cuddy : Your heart rate's over 120. You're clammy.
Cuddy : I think you're going into shock.
Cuddy : Are you lightheaded?
House : I'm fine.
Rachel : It was so funny.
UNK: No, it was so lame.
House : A boat full of guy pirates and they make the girl pirate walk the plank.
Rachel : She floated.
House : That's 'cause she had big boobies.
House : That's why he should've kept her.
UNK: We gotta get you into surgery. Where is that nurse?
Cuddy : Rachel, let's go find the nurse.
UNK: 2 : 00 a.m. Nice of you to call me back.
Thirteen : Chase and I are in the hospital with a patient.
House : You've completely run out of ideas
House : and you're calling me to bail you out.
House : I'm touched. Hit me.
Taub : Call Ruby.
UNK: No.
House : She on any medication besides crack?
Thirteen : She was taking interferon in prison,
Thirteen : so I'm guessing she's had Hep-C for at least 10 years.
House : Can I guess stuff, too?
House : 'Cause that's gonna make the diagnosis really easy.
Thirteen : Prison infirmary isn't known for stellar record keeping.
Chase : And we can't exactly ask the patient.
House : But how could you have known that it would affect her that way?
Chase : We didn't think we had anything mysterious until...
UNK: What about renal cancer throwing clots?
House : 'Cause that was my one big idea. Really?
House : Tell me more about the patient.
House : What was she doing before prison?
Thirteen : She was a cop, shot a kid in self defense,
Thirteen : never got over the guilt, started taking drugs and got busted.
House : Way to bury the lead.