Chase : Try a long axis view from the suprasternal notch.
Thirteen : Wait! Put on some gloves, she's got Hep-C.
UNK: Wonderful.
UNK: I take it you two were cellmates.
Darrien : Just friends.
Thirteen : She saved me.
Thirteen : There's a culture in prison.
Thirteen : If you don't have someone to show you how to get the stuff you need,
UNK: or stay away from the stuff you don't, you're screwed.
Chase : Her fingers are turning blue. Can you move those?
Darrien : My arm's starting to go numb.
UNK: Arch of the aorta's clear, this can't be an aneurysm.
Chase : Maybe the wound threw a clot.
UNK: Check in axillary arteries.
UNK: Stop. Right there.
UNK: Five centimeter gooey mass.
Thirteen : Not a clot, maybe a lipoma?
Darrien : What the hell is that?
UNK: A fat filled sack, probably aggravated by the stab wound.
Chase : You got any syringes in here? Give me that.
Darrien : I was stabbed in my gut, not in my arm.
Thirteen : You lost a lot of blood, gave the lipoma room to swell.
Thirteen : It's compressing the arteries in your arm, blocking your blood flow.
Thirteen : Maybe we can suck some of it out.
Thirteen : You'll be fine.
Thirteen : Little pinch.
Chase : That's not a lipoma.
Taub : I don't know why she's even considering having my kid.
Taub : She barely knows me.
Taub : All she knows is I'm a short, balding guy.
UNK: That doesn't even make evolutionary sense.
UNK: You want her to keep it? No.
Foreman : 'Cause you'd make a crappy dad.
Taub : I said, "No." You're too selfish,
Foreman : that's why you cheated on your wife, why your marriage fell apart...
Taub : Dude, I said... I know you.
Foreman : The only reason you're sitting in a strip club, ignoring the strip club,
Foreman : is because you actually are considering it.
Taub : Although, without crappy dads in the world...
Thirteen : Try moving your fingers again.
Thirteen : Good, means it's almost drained.
Chase : Not good enough.
Chase : We don't know if it's gonna come back,
Chase : we don't even know what it is.
Chase : Drugs, viruses, toxins from that crack house,
Chase : and God knows where else she's been.
Thirteen : If this were caused by the drugs,
Thirteen : she'd have kidney failure, cardiac involvement.
Chase : What about her Hep-C?
Chase : Could have fried her liver, loses its synthetic function.
Thirteen : Then her entire body would be swelling, not just her arm.
Chase : Leaves us with toxins.
Chase : Where exactly were you when you were attacked?
Thirteen : You're not doing a home search in a crack den. That's insane.
Chase : Apparently we don't have much of a choice.
Thirteen : It's a crime scene.
Thirteen : And it's not toxins or viruses,
Thirteen : or anything else you mentioned because it's not a coincidence.
Thirteen : Her symptoms have to be related to the stabbing.