House : Just excise the tumor. Absolutely not!
Chase : Elevate her head more.
Darrien : Don't bother.
UNK: The cops are gonna be waiting at the front door.
Chase : I'll go in first.
Chase : I'll find a patient on life support who's just waiting to die.
UNK: We'll use that name on all your tests.
Chase : No one will ever know you're there.
UNK: Thanks.
Rachel : What happened to your leg?
House : I was trying to make it better.
Cuddy : He was being reckless.
Cuddy : Sit back, honey.
Cuddy : This isn't about making your leg better.
Cuddy : It's about making your life better.
UNK: Oh, here we go.
House : Wish I had called 911.
Cuddy : Why else would you risk your life doing something so stupid?
House : Well, you know, I've had a lot of setbacks lately.
Cuddy : Don't blame our break-up for this.
Cuddy : You're not unhappy because of me. You're just unhappy.
Cuddy : Unhappy people do reckless things.
UNK: Darrien!
Darrien : Stop screaming, my head hurts.
Thirteen : I need you to stay awake, talk to me.
Darrien : About what?
Thirteen : When you were screaming in my room, what did you think you saw?
Thirteen : You said, "Put it down on the ground and get away."
Chase : Sounds like a cop.
Darrien : Old habits, I guess.
Thirteen : You were a cop?
Darrien : Back when I was a decent person.
Thirteen : How do I not know this? You knew everything...
Darrien : Not a good resume when you're trying to survive in prison.
Thirteen : So who were you talking to in my bedroom?
Thirteen : Why did you keep apologizing?
UNK: Because I'm sorry.
Thirteen : For what?
Darrien : I killed a kid.
Darrien : He was 19.
Darrien : I went in first,
Darrien : saw him going for his gun.
Darrien : I tried to talk him down, but...
Darrien : They told me I was a hero.
Thirteen : So that's when you started using drugs.
Darrien : I'm sorry.
UNK: Darrien.
UNK: Darrien!
Thirteen : She lost consciousness.
House : There are no cars coming, just go.
Rachel : The light is red, you bloody scallywag.
Cuddy : Stop with the pirate talk.
House : If you don't want Brownbeard to end up with two wooden legs,
UNK: you should get your ma to move this ship, ye mangy bilge rat.
Cuddy : Of course.
Cuddy : You showed her that filthy cartoon.
Cuddy : What kind of idiot lets a three-year-old watch that?
UNK: If you wanna lecture me on my poor judgment,
House : there would seem to be more relevant examples.
Foreman : There you are.
Foreman : You were in the VIP room so long
Foreman : I thought you were gonna pay off that girl's mortgage.
Taub : I got tossed out by Bobby the Bouncer.
Foreman : You touched her?
Taub : I was looking at her mole.