Thirteen : I'm not sure. Why?
UNK: But if you find out when she shot the kid,
House : you'll find out when she started taking drugs,
House : and when she actually contracted the Hep-C.
Chase : And you think this is relevant?
House : It's more relevant than what you got now, which is squat.
House : Three chicks just came into my bedroom.
UNK: I gotta go.
Taub : Call Rachel.
UNK: No.
Thirteen : What the hell?
Taub : I really am a doctor.
UNK: I just wanted... Cop another feel? Get away from me.
Taub : No, that mole. I just wanted...
Taub : Please don't call Bobby.
Taub : Just calm down. Shut up!
Stripper : Sick perv. Get down on your knees.
Stripper : You think I'm kidding? Turn around and get down on your knees.
Darrien : Please don't.
Stripper : I said shut up!
Stripper : You think you're the first guy who thought he was special?
Dina : You think you can do whatever you want?
Dina : I am not going through that again!
Chase : Find anything?
Thirteen : Shockingly, a punk kid getting shot pulling a gun on a cop
Thirteen : did not make national news.
Chase : Is your neck okay?
Thirteen : Yeah, it's fine.
Chase : I'll get you some ice.
Thirteen : I said it was fine.
Chase : I shouldn't have grabbed you so hard.
Thirteen : You had to.
Chase : You were right about everything.
Thirteen : I got something.
UNK: Darrien must've had a different last name then.
Thirteen : She must have been married.
Chase : 2008? Is that possible?
Thirteen : We never actually talked about how long she'd been in.
UNK: House was right. She could've only had Hep-C for a few years.
Thirteen : There's no way the prison would've prescribed interferon,
Thirteen : unless the lab showed her Hep-C to be chronic.
Chase : So, what makes new Hep-C look like old Hep-C?
Thirteen : What if she got a parasite?
Thirteen : The Hep-C made her susceptible,
Thirteen : and the parasite sped up the liver damage.
UNK: Entamoeba.
UNK: Throw in a parasitoma, the stab wound could have freed them,
Chase : sent them coursing through her bloodstream, wreaking havoc.
Thirteen : A single bag of metronidazole.
Thirteen : If we're right, she could wake up from the coma in a few hours.
Nurse : They're ready for you.
UNK: Wait.
House : I want you in there.
Cuddy : I'm not a surgeon.
Cuddy : There's nothing I can do.
House : Well, you can make sure that idiot butcher
House : doesn't cut more than he needs to.
Cuddy : You already signed a release.
Cuddy : He's gonna do what he needs to do.
UNK: Yeah,
House : and if that involves chopping off my leg,
House : I want to be sure that that's damn well necessary.
UNK: House...
House : I don't trust him.
House : I trust you.
Thirteen : Can you hear me?
UNK: Yeah.
Thirteen : You had parasites in your liver.
Thirteen : Probably from a dirty needle, or prison, or who knows what.
Thirteen : The stabbing made it worse, but you're gonna be okay.
Thirteen : I'm sorry. We had to.