House : So, I hope I didn't weird you out, giving you that gift.
Cuddy : Can we talk about this later?
House : Of course.
House : Is now later?
House : Maybe things aren't going so well with Lucas?
House : If so, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to step into anything.
Cuddy : There's no problems. We're doing just great. Thank you.
House : So why the weirdness?
Cuddy : Can you help?
Cuddy : When I opened it, I didn't think it was a housewarming gift,
Cuddy : I thought it was an engagement present.
Cuddy : It just happened last night.
UNK: No wonder you'd wanna hide this from me,
House : since I'm such a delicate flower.
Cuddy : I didn't know what to say,
Cuddy : and I've been slightly distracted.
UNK: That might make sense, except you're not wearing the ring.
UNK: So you are hiding it, which begs the question...
UNK: House, it's in my office drawer
Cuddy : because I knew I was coming here.
Cuddy : It's not weird, there's no mystery.
Cuddy : I'm just getting married.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Excuse me.
Jay : How much longer?
Taub : Less than a minute. Are you in any pain?
Jay : Nothing new. Just a little claustrophobic.
Jay : Shouldn't you be taking care of those other people?
Jay : The ones that I hurt?
UNK: Everything checks out okay.
Jay : My nose is bleeding.
Chase : It's expected, given the trauma you've sustained.
Taub : That's not expected.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : The way things fell, this support beam
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : is now holding up a giant pile of rubble.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : We can't lift it without jeopardizing everyone down here.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : So it's time to discuss amputation.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Please listen to me. You've been down here almost two hours.
Cuddy : By the time they clear away the rubble...
House : We're not cutting off her leg.
UNK: You don't have to rush to this to make his job easier.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : You kidding me?
Cuddy : We leave the leg pinned,
Cuddy : we're risking crush syndrome.
Hanna : What's that?
Cuddy : Your leg isn't getting enough circulation.
Cuddy : The longer it's pinned, the more the muscle dies.
Hanna : So what does that mean, like a limp?
Cuddy : Dying muscles release poisons.
Cuddy : We free your leg, the poisons rush back into your system.
Cuddy : It could stop your heart.
House : So could cheeseburgers.
UNK: Just get your lazy friends to start moving that pile.
House : She's got two more hours before crush syndrome could possibly set in.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : We're digging up there by hand.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : I can't guarantee I can get 10 tons
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : of debris pulled off in two hours.
Hanna : Well, you need to try.
Hanna : It's my leg.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : It's not just crush syndrome you got to worry about, okay?
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : There's gas leaks, there's fire,
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : we can never rule out secondary collapses,
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : no matter how much we shore this thing up.
House : You think chopping off someone's limb
House : inside a pile of dirty rocks is safe?
House : Sepsis, fat embolism, hemorrhage...
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Those risks are nothing compared
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : to the risk of this thing coming down again.
Cuddy : Captain, he's a jerk, but that's what the patient wants.
Cuddy : Can we please just give it a couple more hours?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I got to get up to triage.
Hanna : Thank you, Doctor.
UNK: House.
House : You don't need to thank me. It just makes sense.
Hanna : Just promise me you won't let them cut off my leg.
House : I promise.
House : Does that make you feel better?
Hanna : For some reason, it does.