House : What did the venogram say?
UNK: Clean. Now the guy is starting to spike a fever.
Taub : Subarachnoid bleed.
UNK: Meningitis?
Chase : He didn't say his neck was sore.
UNK: That's because everything's sore.
House : He just took a 15-story swan dive into concrete. Do an LP.
Taub : We also have to consider other infections.
House : So you're suggesting we do an LP?
Taub : I guess I am.
UNK: Genius.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Hey, bad news.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Because of the collapse, we can't try the airbag again
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : until we get everything off the top.
UNK: Captain Mccreaney : Be five, six hours, at least.
Cuddy : Then we have to amputate. No.
Cuddy : It's been four hours already.
Cuddy : It used to be a long shot, now it's crazy.
House : Crush syndrome is basically a build up of potassium.
House : If we remove potassium...
Cuddy : We're already treating with sodium bicarbonate.
House : Not with glucose and insulin.
UNK: We got glucose in the kit, there's got to be a diabetic here somewhere.
UNK: You want to dose the insulin here?
Cuddy : In a non-hospital setting? That is insane.
Cuddy : It's not worth it. Really?
UNK: Because I think I'm the only one here
House : who knows what a leg is worth.
House : And fortunately, you're not the one who's in charge, he is.
House : And he knows that I'd testify against him
House : if Hanna sues for cutting off a leg
House : without exhausting every option.
Cuddy : Give us a minute?
Cuddy : I know you're angry,
Cuddy : but please don't put her life at risk just to get back at me.
UNK: Really? Wow.
House : So this is all about you now?
Cuddy : You took her side against me
Cuddy : right after you heard about my engagement.
House : Yeah, that must be it. It's not that you're a pathetic narcissist.
Cuddy : I don't love you.
Cuddy : So just accept it and move on with your life
Cuddy : instead of making everyone miserable.
House : That's great.
House : A life lesson from a middle-aged single mom
House : who's dating a man-child.
Cuddy : Screw you.
Cuddy : I'm sick of making excuses for you.
Cuddy : I'm sick of other people having to tiptoe around you
Cuddy : and make their own lives worse
Cuddy : while they try to keep you from collapsing.
Cuddy : I'm done.
House : Fantastic. Just stay away from my patient.
Cuddy : What are you clinging to, House?
Cuddy : You're gonna risk her life just to save her leg?
UNK: It really worked out well for you, didn't it?
Cuddy : What do you have in your life? Honestly, tell me.
Cuddy : I'm moving on. Wilson is moving on.
Cuddy : And you? You've got nothing, House. Nothing.
Cuddy : I'm going down there,
Cuddy : and I'm gonna convince her to let me cut her leg off.
Cuddy : If you have any decency left, you'll stay out of it.
UNK: No.
Hanna : Dr. House promised.
Cuddy : If there was any other way...
Hanna : It doesn't hurt right now. I can wait.
Hanna : Dr. House,
Hanna : tell her.
UNK: Hanna,
Cuddy : we have to amputate your leg.
Hanna : No. You said that there was time.
House : There was. And it's run out.
UNK: No.
House : You asked me how I had hurt my leg.
House : I had a blood clot, and the muscle was dying.
House : And I had all these doctors telling me I should amputate.
House : And I said no. And they did this
House : very risky operation.
House : I almost died.
Hanna : But you saved your leg.
House : I wish I hadn't.
House : They cut out a chunk of muscle about the size of my fist.
House : They left me with this mutilated, useless thing.
UNK: And I'm in pain every day.
UNK: And it changed me.
UNK: It made me a harder person.
House : A worse person.
House : And now...
House : Now I'm alone.
UNK: You don't wanna be like me.
UNK: You got a husband who loves you.
House : You have friends, you can start a family.
House : You have a life.
UNK: And this is just a leg.
UNK: Okay.
House : I got it.
UNK: I can't put you out 'cause it could depress your respiration too much.
House : This should take away some of the pain.
Hanna : Will it be quick?
UNK: I'll use the scalpel to slice through the skin, muscle and fat.
House : That should go pretty fast.
House : Then I'll switch over to the electric saw when I get to the bone.
House : It's two bones about as thick as a broom stick,
UNK: and takes about as long to get through.
House : I'm gonna cut as close to the concrete as I can.
House : Save as much of your limb as possible.
House : Then the orthopedic surgeons
House : back at the hospital will clean you up,
House : have you fitted for a prosthetic.
House : You'll be running circles around me in no time.
Hanna : How bad will it hurt?
House : Like nothing you've ever felt before.