Jay : I only nodded off for a second.
Jay : I lost control of the load. I'm so sorry.
Foreman : Don't worry. We're gonna get you out of here.
Jay : I'm sorry.
Foreman : He's secure. Ready?
Emt : Three, two, one.
Foreman : Crane operator. He made it through amazingly well.
Foreman : Lucid and responsive, stable fracture, right humerus.
Foreman : Haven't gotten to his lower half yet.
House : Tell me when something hurts.
Jay : I fell asleep, killed all those people.
House : Something other than your conscience.
House : Is that a pill in your pocket
House : or are you just happy to have a tiny, pill-shaped penis?
House : Caffeine pills.
House : You fell asleep taking these?
Jay : I drank two cups of coffee, too.
House : Is that normal for you?
Jay : No, I hate coffee.
Jay : I'm working on no sleep. My daughter has the flu.
House : This much caffeine for a coffee virgin...
House : There's no way he fell asleep. He passed out.
House : Which means a neurological disorder
House : caused the crash, not fatigue.
UNK: Hey!
House : We're taking the crane operator back to Princeton.
Cuddy : They said he was barely hurt, he can wait.
House : Steal an ambulance and call the team.
UNK: Tell them we've got a case.
Cuddy : House, no. I need you here.
UNK: But he needs me there, and he moans louder than you do.
Cuddy : There were over 100 people in that building,
Cuddy : only 76 have been accounted for.
Cuddy : Foreman and your team can handle the crane operator for now.
Wilson : Having fun down there?
UNK: Lots!
House : Every time Cuddy leans over a patient,
House : it's another opportunity for a downblouse nipslip.
House : What's going on between her and Lucas?
Wilson : Besides them moving in together?
Wilson : That's not enough for you?
House : I gave her the housewarming gift earlier,
House : and she paused for a split second,
House : like she was hiding something.
Wilson : It's probably her moral revulsion at housewarming gifts.
House : Or maybe she didn't want to accept a gift
House : for something she wasn't gonna do.
Wilson : You actually think they're not moving in together?
Wilson : What was that? You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Vending machine collapsed.
House : She still using your ex-wife as her realtor?
Wilson : As far as I know.
House : Well, know a little farther, will you? Look into it.