Punchy : Do you guys get Big Chuck and Little John out here?
Ted : - Punchy, it's time to go back. - Back to Times Square?
Ted : Back to Cleveland.
Punchy : I don't know if I can do that, bro.
Punchy : I mean, yeah, I've been jonesing for a piece of Cleveland-style pizza, but,
Robin : I feel bad about leaving you out here.
Punchy : I worry about you, Ted.
Ted : You worry about me?
Robin : Yeah. The other day when you called...
Punchy : - Schmosby! - Punchy!
Punchy : - Good talking to you. - You too.
Ted : - If you're ever in New York... - Definitely.
Woman : - Sweetie, who was that? - It was my friend Ted.
Punchy : He sounded kind of depressed.
Woman : The Ted who got left at the altar?
Punchy : He's not doing so good.
Punchy : Poor guy lives in a tiny apartment in New York,
Punchy : nowhere near Times Square.
Punchy : He's got no family around.
Punchy : He's still single, doesn't have a backyard.
Punchy : It's just a bummer.
Woman : Maybe you should go visit him. Cheer him up a little.
Woman : You know, buy him some shots, do the whole wounded bird trick.
UNK: You think that'd work?
Woman : Worked on me.
Ted : She sounds pretty great, Punchy.
Punchy : She's my angel.
Lily : In fact... we're getting married.
Robin : That's... I'm really happy for you.
Punchy : Thanks, Ted. Thanks.
Punchy : Actually, that's the other reason why I came out here.
Punchy : I wanted to see if you'd be my best man.
Ted : Of course I will.
Punchy : That's great! No, you're stupid.
UNK: Dawg pound.
Punchy : That's it...
UNK: That night, Lily went to the one place she knew she could find Robin,
UNK: New York's premiere Canadian bar, the Hoser Hut.
Lily : There you are.
Lily : Robin, I owe you a huge apology.
Robin : Me first.
Robin : I've been pulling away from you, and I'm sorry. It's just...
Robin : The last time my best friend had a baby...
Barney : I know. I know all about it.
Lily : It's not gonna happen with you and me.
UNK: And I'm sorry I've been crazy with this baby stuff.
Lily : I know you hate babies.
Robin : Look, I hate most babies.
Robin : But your baby?
Robin : I'm gonna love that kid so much.
Robin : I'm gonna pick it up and everything.
Marshall : I'm so happy you guys made up.
Ted : Me, too.
Barney : Where do I know this song from?
Robin : My God, it's the beaver song. Which one of you put this on?
UNK: Hey, beaver, come on
UNK: When you feel alone
UNK: Just pick up that phone
UNK: And I'll be there to share my
UNK: Ice cream cone
UNK: We'll lick it side by side
Barney : - This is so dirty. - Come on, Barney.
Marshall : - It's a sweet song about friendship. - Yeah, dude, come on.
UNK: Day is done
UNK: Two beavers are better than one
UNK: Two beavers are better than one
UNK: They're twice the fun
UNK: Ask anyone
UNK: A second beaver can be
UNK: Second to none
UNK: Two beavers are better than one.
UNK: You're my favorite beaver...
UNK: Two beavers are better than one
UNK: Two beavers are better than one
UNK: They're twice the fun
UNK: Ask anyone
UNK: A second beaver can be
UNK: Second to none
UNK: Two beavers are better than one.