Marshall : Get on the phone, call Robin
Marshall : - and fix this. - I can't.
Lily : The damage is done.
Lily : Can you just hold me?
Marshall : You know what? No. I don't agree with what you did,
Marshall : and so I refuse to comfort you, despite how adorable you are
Marshall : when you cry.
Marshall : Okay. Maybe just one cuddle, but then that is it.
Punchy : Times Square's the bomb!
Punchy : I got so many great pictures of all the billboards.
Ted : You know, there's more to New York than Times Square.
Ted : There's the Village, the Lower East Side, Central Park...
Punchy : They got better billboards then the ones in Times Square?
Punchy : Times Square's the bomb!
Ted : Here. You know what? Hold this, okay?
Punchy : I'm going to go pee in the jar I got going in the alley.
Barney : Seriously, dude, he has got to go.
Barney : You need to be like,
Barney : "You are the weakest link. Goodbye."
Barney : Punchy, the tribe has spoken.
Barney : Please pack up your knives and go.
Barney : Your work of art didn't work for us.
Barney : Your time's up.
Barney : I have to ask you to leave the mansion.
Barney : You must leave the chateau.
Barney : Your tour ends here.
Barney : You've been chopped.
Ted : Yeah. I know.
Barney : You've been evicted from the Big Brother house.
Barney : Your dessert just didn't measure up.
Barney : Sashay away.
Barney : Give me your jacket and leave Hell's Kitchen.
Barney : I'm sorry, you did not get a rose.
Barney : You have been eliminated from the race.
Barney : You are no longer in the running to be America's Next Top Model.
Barney : You're fired. Auf Wiedersehen.
Punchy : Come look at this.
Punchy : I found a little wounded bird in the alley.
Ted : That's your scrotum.
Punchy : You know what it is.
Punchy : Come on, Ted. You always fall for that.
Ted : Yeah, he's gotta go.
Lily : What are we doing in Madison Square Garden?
Marshall : You refused to talk to Robin so I thought you might like to talk to...
Marshall : the organist for the New York Rangers.
Marshall : Jessica Glitter?
Lily : - How did you find Glitter? - Simple, really.
Marshall : I used my powers of deduction. I knew Glitter used to be a keytarist,
Marshall : which is basically a piano, so
UNK: I made a list of all the keyboard-based occupations and I cross-matched them...
UNK: Jessica Glitter : His friend Barney looked me up, hoping to buy my Space Teens costume.
Marshall : Yo, Glitter...
Marshall : be cool.
UNK: Is this the one who's best friend's with Robin now?
Lily : More like ex-best friends.
Lily : Just like you.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : I'm sorry to hear that.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : I miss Robin.
Lily : Well, Marshall and I are about to get pregnant,
Lily : and I know she stopped being friends with you when you had a baby, so...
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Robin didn't stop being friends with me.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : I stopped being friends with her.
Robin : What? Why?
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Because I had a baby.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Honey, when you have a baby, all that best friend stuff...
UNK: Jessica Glitter : hockey, bow hunting for caribou, math,
UNK: Jessica Glitter : that all goes out the window.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : I tried to stay friends with her, but it just didn't happen.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : She took it pretty hard.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : I even thought she might try to kill herself.
Marshall : Charge!
Lily : You dumped her just because you had a baby?
Lily : That's cold.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Didn't you do the same thing?
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Minus the baby?
Lily : I gotta go. I gotta go apologize to Robin.
Lily : I need to tell her I love her, and that she'll always be a priority.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Be careful, Lily. I made those promises, too.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : And now I haven't even talked to her in five years.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Sure, I thought about
UNK: Jessica Glitter : picking up the phone and calling her a hundred times,
UNK: Jessica Glitter : but I just never have the courage to...
UNK: Jessica Glitter : Go ahead.