UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: Kids, in the fall of 2010,
UNK: it seemed like Aunt Lily could only talk about one thing,
Marshall : babies.
Robin : God, I have been craving this burger all day.
Lily : Do you know what plays a huge role in helping a woman conceive?
Lily : Cervical mucus.
Robin : God, I can't wait to see this movie. I hear it's really scary.
Lily : Change of plans.
Lily : I thought violent images wouldn't be good for my future fetus,
Lily : so instead, I rented this video of a live water birth.
Robin : They don't know what it is. It just showed up on my mom's X-ray.
Lily : Look at this crib.
UNK: But all in all, it wasn't a problem.
UNK: That is, until the night of Barney's boutonniere.
Marshall : - You're wearing a flower. - Thank you.
Marshall : - Didn't compliment. Just observed. - I know.
Robin : - Why are you wearing that? - Why does Barney do anything ever?
Barney : Exactly. Science.
Barney : There is an 83% correlation
Barney : between the times men wear boutonnieres and the times they get laid.
Barney : Think about it. Proms,
Barney : weddings,
Barney : grandmas' funerals, thanks for the redhead, Nana.
Barney : The "everyday boutonniere"
Barney : by Stinson.
Robin : And nope.
Robin : I'm sorry, Barney, but no girl is going home
Robin : with a guy with a flower on his chest.
Robin : Unless he's a clown, and she's in the trunk of his car.
Marshall : Along with 50 other clowns.
Marshall : It's a clown car.
UNK: Robin, did you know that boutonniere
Barney : is French for "bootie is near?"
Barney : True story.
UNK: Une histoire vraie.
Robin : Did you know that Barney is French
Robin : for "sad little guy who works way too hard to get laid".
Barney : - Woman, you best check yourself. - On the bright side,
Robin : I guess suits are pretty boring without them, so...
Barney : Madam,
Barney : that is an insult that cannot be borne!
Barney : I demand satisfaction!
Robin : What, are we gonna duel?
UNK: No. I'm gonna show everyone this embarrassing video of you.
Barney : It's Robin Sparkles III, y'all!
UNK: Team Who's this fucking mother ?
UNK: Kids, by this point, we knew Aunt Robin had been a teen pop sensation
UNK: in Canada, known as Robin Sparkles.
UNK: And we also knew that her Robin Sparkles character
UNK: came from a Canadian TV show, which we'd never seen...
UNK: until now.
Barney : I cannot wait to see what's on this DVD!
Marshall : - You haven't watched it yet? - Of course not.
Barney : I wanted my first time to be with someone I cared about.
Marshall : I get that a lot. Well, once.
Lily : Robin, do you want to go get a Korean massage on Saturday?
Robin : I'd love to. I've got this knot in my neck that's so annoying.
Lily : I figured I should get one now
Lily : because once I get pregnant, no more massages.
Lily : Just so annoying.
Barney : Space Teens?
Barney : Is this a porno?
Robin : - No, dude. - Sweet!
Robin : It's a kids' show.
Ted : This does have all the earmarks of porn.
Ted : Stripper pole, bad lighting,
Ted : delusional girl who thinks it's a stepping stone to success.
Barney : Yeah, it's a big old bowl of "pornflakes".
Barney : And who is this exquisite keytarist
UNK: I assume you're about to make love to?
Robin : That's Jessica Glitter. She was my BFF on the show and in real life.
Barney : BFFs.
Barney : Did you guys have sleepovers? Get mad at each other and wrestle,
Barney : but then end up kissing in a tender embrace?
Barney : Show us on Lily.
UNK: If you're gonna be disgusting, we're not watching this.
Lily : Come on, Barney. It's just a cute little story about...
Lily : What exactly is this about?
Robin : Two average Canadian teenagers who solve crimes in space using math.
Marshall : That sounds ridiculous.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : So sue me.
UNK: Robin Sparkles : Like the producers of Milky Way Mathletes tried to.