Man : I just hope we brought along enough of it
Man : for our three-day galactic space journey.
Man : So let's do the math.
Man : If Robin's beaver devours six inches of wood every half hour,
Man : and Jessica's beaver devours eight inches of wood every 45 minutes,
Man : how much wood will I need to keep both of these beavers
Man : well-fed all weekend long?
Man : While you figure it out at home,
Man : how about we sing you a song about our beavers?
Robin : You don't get to hear the beaver song! It is a sweet song about friendship,
Robin : and you guys are being disgusting, and beavers are adorable!
Barney : No arguments here.
Punchy : 'Sup Shmosby!
Ted : Punchy, what are you doing here?
Punchy : Yesterday you said if I was ever in New York.
Punchy : 'Sup, turds?
Robin : Okay... Where are you staying?
Punchy : In your mom's pants. Trick. She's old.
Punchy : Don't worry about me. I'm cool on the couch.
Robin : He's staying here? You're staying here?
Punchy : I know! It's so good, right? Feel like you're dreaming?
Punchy : But check your totem, brah. Punchy's here in the flesh.
Punchy : So, why don't we get one of these, Ted?
Punchy : Remember these? High school? Junior high?
Punchy : - Elementary school? Remember those? - Look, look, Punchy's here.
Punchy : Schmosby, remember when you dookied in your pants down by the lake?
Punchy : Unbelievable!
Punchy : Schmosby, remember when you dookied on our couch
Robin : in the form of your idiot high school friend?
Punchy : Unbelievable!
Ted : Come on. I worry about the guy.
Ted : He's had the same dead-end job at a car rental place for 15 years.
Robin : - Don't care. - He's been stuck in Cleveland
Ted : - his whole life. - Get a hotel.
Ted : LeBron.
Robin : Okay, one night.
Ted : Gotta go.
Lily : - Where are you going? We just got here. - A Korean massage.
Lily : - By yourself? - Well, I figured you'd be busy,
UNK: reading What to Expect When You're Expecting to Expect.
Lily : Guys, did you see that?
Lily : She's going to a Korean massage without me.
Lily : That's our thing.
Lily : I'm telling you,
Lily : she's gonna dump me, just like she dumped Glitter.
Marshall : Lily, come on. We don't even know that's what happened.
Ted : Hello, somebody already solved that crime using math, remember?
Marshall : Look, Lily. Robin is clearly getting tired
Marshall : of you constantly talking about babies.
Ted : I don't.
Marshall : - How old am I? - 384 months.
Punchy : Busted!
Marshall : So before you Lily all over the place, maybe you should
Marshall : try hanging out with Robin and not talking about babies.
UNK: So Lily did just that.
UNK: She tried not to talk about babies.
Robin : Lily, what brings you to the crib?
Lily : - Crib... - What's the matter? You look rattled.
Lily : Rattled?
Lily : - I want to talk about babies. - What?
Lily : Look, I know you don't care about this stuff,
Lily : but I'm about to become a mother.
Lily : And as a future mother, I'm gonna need the support...
Robin : Oh, my God! You're not even pregnant yet.
Lily : What's that supposed to mean?
Robin : It means that a fertilized egg has not yet attached itself
Robin : to the lining of your uterine wall.
Robin : You see? I read your Facebook updates.
Robin : It's like it's all you ever talk about, Lily, and I'm sick of it!
Lily : Well, guess what? I've got some good news.
Lily : When that baby comes, you don't have to see it. In fact,
Lily : you don't have to see me.
Lily : This whole friendship thing? Done.
UNK: Jessica Glitter : - Great. - Great.
Marshall : For crying out loud. You broke up with Robin?
Lily : I had to. We were growing apart, and,
Lily : we're better off without each other.
Marshall : Lily, you sound about as convincing as you did
Marshall : the time you "accidentally" shredded my Joey Buttafuoco pants.