Beckett : Did he say anything that would indicate he was in trouble?
Samantha : No. He was happy.
Samantha : He told me he loved me. Said things would be better soon.
Castle : You know, seeing her, I can't imagine what it was like for you.
Castle : All those nights, not knowing.
Beckett : I was lucky. You came back.
Esposito : Hey. So we took a look at Williger's phone and financials.
UNK: There was no activity on the day he disappeared.
Ryan : If he was on his way to the movies,
Ryan : either he didn't make it there or he paid with cash.
Beckett : Canvass local theaters, see if anyone saw him.
Beckett : And take a look at his records for the past couple of weeks,
Beckett : see if there's anything out of the ordinary there.
Beckett : Castle and I are gonna go to his office
Beckett : and check if there were any problems at work.
Esposito : Right on.
Brooke : Mr. Castle!
Gates : Just what in the hell do you think you're doing?
Beckett : Did you give that TV station the precinct number?
UNK: I'm not gonna give them my home phone. That's private.
Gates : The NYPD is not your personal secretary.
UNK: Do you know how many man-hours this little stunt of yours is costing us?
Gates : The phones have been ringing off the hook!
UNK: Do you hear that? Ringing off the hook!
Castle : We have leads.
Gates : What just happened?
UNK: Castle, what were you thinking?
UNK: "The supreme art of war is to subdue
UNK: "the enemy without fighting." Sun Tzu.
Castle : The tactical smooch is just one weapon in my vast arsenal.
Beckett : Well, employ it again and the enemy might go nuclear.
Castle : Okay, but somewhere in this pile is the answer to where I was.
Castle : I can feel it.
Beckett : Look, Castle, I know how important this is to us,
Beckett : but you have to realize this is a long shot.
Beckett : And I don't want you to be disappointed if it doesn't pan out.
UNK: Toys!
UNK: Marsha Stoller : Wally built this place from the ground up.
UNK: Marsha Stoller : Seems impossible that he's gone.
UNK: Miss Stoller, was everything okay here at work?
Beckett : Did he have any conflicts with colleagues or business rivals?
Marsha : Not that I'm aware of, and as VP
Marsha : of the company, I'm sure I'd know.
Beckett : I understand that he was under pressure
Beckett : the past couple of weeks.
Beckett : That he was coming home late.
Marsha : Who told you that? His wife.
Marsha : I'm sorry, but that's not true.
Marsha : I mean, he may have been under pressure,
Marsha : but it certainly wasn't here at work.
Beckett : So he wasn't staying late?
Marsha : No, just the opposite.
Marsha : He was leaving early several days a week.
Castle : I did not realize this would be on. Sorry.
Beckett : Do you know why he was leaving early?
Marsha : No, he said he was taking care of some personal things.
Marsha : It sounded private, so I didn't ask.
Marsha : But maybe he told his assistant.
UNK: Matt?
Marsha : Did Mr. Williger ever mention to you why he was leaving early?
UNK: Matt Monroe : No. He was actually pretty secretive about the whole thing.
Castle : You leave these loaded?
Esposito : So I checked with the vic's wife.
UNK: The days that Mr. Williger claimed he was working late
Esposito : are the exact same days he was leaving work early.
UNK: That leaves about 10 to 12 hours over at least a dozen days
Beckett : that he's unaccounted for.
Beckett : What was he doing?
Ryan : I just went back through his phones