UNK: Laura Adams : Mike took pictures of me everywhere we went.
UNK: Laura Adams : Last night, we noticed this.
Mike : Here. Uh, in the background.
Brooke : Mr. Castle, I think that's you.
Castle : That is me. Who am I talking to?
Beckett : Castle, that's the guy from the trailer on the Massachusetts coast.
Beckett : The one that lied about you and then disappeared.
Castle : Where was this photo taken?
UNK: Montreal.
UNK: Montreal.
Castle : What the hell was I doing in Montreal?
Alexis : So, according to the JPEG's geotag,
Alexis : the photo was taken here,
UNK: and this is the building you were coming out of.
Beckett : Montreal Global Bank.
Castle : What was I doing at a bank?
Alexis : Dad, the key!
Alexis : The one sewn into your pants when they found you.
Alexis : What if
Alexis : the bank is where it came from?
Castle : A safe deposit box.
Alexis : It's the right size.
Castle : We need to get up there. This is the break we've been waiting for.
Beckett : Okay, fine. We'll go this weekend.
Castle : We can't wait for the weekend, we gotta go now.
Beckett : I'm in the middle of a case.
Castle : Fine! I'll go. Montreal's a short flight.
Castle : I'll be there and back in a couple of hours.
Beckett : No! Not after everything we've been through.
Beckett : You're not going alone.
Alexis : She's right, Dad. You can't go by yourself.
Alexis : I'll go with you!
Castle : Yes. Yes! She'll go with me.
Beckett : We have no idea what's out there.
Beckett : No idea who's out there. That's too risky.
Castle : It's Canada. How risky could it be?
Castle : And need I remind you, I'm a grown man.
Castle : I don't need to ask your permission.
Castle : That being said, please, please, please, can I go?
Beckett : Okay, fine. But only because I know
UNK: you're not gonna do anything stupid if she's with you.
Beckett : Don't let him do anything stupid. Promise.
Castle : Grab your passport, I'll get the tickets.
Ryan : - Beckett. - Hey.
UNK: So uniforms re-canvassed at that coffee shop
UNK: using the geezer photo.
Esposito : They got a hit.
Esposito : A patron identified Old Man Wally as a tenant in a nearby building.
Beckett : Okay, I'll be right there.
Esposito : Now we know what Wally's keys were to.
Beckett : How long has he had this place?
Esposito : Super said he rented it three weeks ago. Paid cash.