Castle : But somewhere out there,
Castle : someone knows where I was and what I was doing.
Beckett : You ready for this?
Castle : A mystery I might be able to solve? It'll be a relief.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, Castle. Welcome back.
Brooke : Thank you. I hear the East River's
Castle : a little more polluted than usual today.
Ryan : Yeah. A crew team, they found the body
Ryan : in the river wrapped in plastic.
Ryan : Someone probably dumped it, hoping to make it disappear.
Beckett : They didn't weigh it down enough. So, who's the victim?
Ryan : Well, he didn't have an ID on him,
Ryan : but we matched it to a Missing Persons.
Ryan : Wallace Williger, 45, owner and CEO of Williger Toys.
UNK: Makers of Sunshine Sarah.
Beckett : Sunshine Sarah?
Castle : She's a spunky red-headed rag doll.
UNK: Alexis' favorite when she was growing up.
Castle : Wouldn't go anywhere without her. When did he go missing?
Ryan : Last Friday. So, four days ago.
Ryan : His wife Samantha said he went off to the movies and never came back.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Something I should know?
UNK: Beckett didn't tell you?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, your disappearance kind of drove 'em back together.
Ryan : Life being short and all that.
Castle : Disappear for two months...
UNK: Lanie Parish : So, the prelim exam indicates his neck was broken.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Probably after a struggle, given his defensive wound.
Lanie : Luckily, his body was wrapped when it went into the water.
Lanie : I may still be able to pull the attacker's DNA from under the victim's nails.
UNK: Wait. How long has he been dead?
Lanie : At least a couple of days.
Castle : What happened to his face and hands?
Castle : They look like they've been burned.
Lanie : Honestly, I don't know.
Lanie : But the rest of the body wasn't affected.
Lanie : I'll know more when I get him back to the lab.
UNK: Samantha Williger : I had that sick feeling when he didn't come home.
UNK: But you hope.
Beckett : Mrs. Williger.
Beckett : Was there anyone that would've wanted
UNK: to do your husband harm? No.
Samantha : He made toys for a living.