UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
Barney : So, this chick and I are going at it behind the Central Park Zoo.
Barney : The Bonobo chimps start giving us a standing O,
Barney : and just when I'm about to give her the same thing... What up?...
Barney : I can't.
Barney : I can't. Guys,
Barney : I know you count the minutes until you can escape from your humdrum lives
Barney : by hearing how awesome mine is, and I love doing that for you,
Barney : but I just can't tonight.
Robin : What's wrong?
Barney : I don't want to talk about it.
Robin : Hey, you guys see Deadliest Catch last night?
Ted : Deadliest Catch ever!
Barney : All right, I'll tell you!
Barney : My mother is selling the house I grew up in.
Barney : All of my childhood memories gone,
Barney : - just like that! - That sucks.
Ted : - I've been there, buddy. - What are you talking about?
Marshall : Your mother still lives in that house.
Ted : With her new hippie husband, Clint.
Ted : The comfort of home is a little ruined when someone turns your old room
Ted : into what I'm pretty sure is a Tantric sex temple.
Ted : With all the bamboo, pot smoke and '60s music,
UNK: it's like my old G. I Joes are frozen in some weird Vietnam flashback.
Barney : Anyway,
Barney : I need you guys to come out to Staten Island on Saturday
Barney : and help box everything up.
Lily : You expect us to spend
Lily : a whole day packing up your mom's house?
Barney : Of course not. It's a two-day job.
Robin : - Pass. - Same.
Marshall : Unsubscribe.
Barney : You guys are adorable.
Barney : You seriously believe that I, can't talk you into this?
Barney : I got the Queen to give me a fist bump.
Ted : No one believes that.
Lily : You may be able to talk the brain surgeons you pick up
Lily : into doing whatever you want, but it's not gonna work on us.
Lily : How did he do that?
UNK: So there we were helping Barney pack up his childhood home.
Barney : Ted, that thing you're packing is way too big to fit in that box.
UNK: Yes, that's what your mom said.
Barney : How dare you!
Ted : No, she actually said that.
Lauretta : Dear, I thought I told you, that's just not going to fit in there.
James : Someone order something tall, dark and awesome?
Lauretta : - My goodness! - Mama.
Lauretta : Look at my two sons. So big and strong and handsome.
Lily : - Mom. - Stop.
Lauretta : And how is my delicious little grandson?
Lauretta : - Did he get the clothes I sent him? - Check it. Huh?
James : How cute is that, right?
James : When was the last time you saw a diaper poking out
James : of a Dolce and Gabana suit?
Barney : Tuesday at work.
Barney : Some of the senior partners are really getting up there.
Robin : So, Ted, yesterday
Robin : at work, I totally talked you up to that super-hot makeup girl, Liz.
Ted : Yeah? What did you say?
Robin : You know, how funny you are...
Ted : - Guilty. - Handsome.
Ted : Who, me?
Robin : Incredible lover.
Ted : - Really? - Yeah.
Robin : I was all like,
Robin : "He knows a woman's body better than she knows her own,
UNK: "endless waves of pleasure just cresting
UNK: "and breaking for hours and hours...
Robin : "Orgasms so intense that you just black out."
Robin : All that stuff.
Ted : How can I possibly live up to that review?
Robin : You know what you're doing down there.