UNK: They won't. They're gonna think...
Ted : Wait. "Everyone"?
Barney : "Really rich"?
James : You ready for this?
Barney : For what?
Barney : I don't know who lives here, but it's not my dad.
Barney : Wait. Wait.
Barney : Please, stop.
Barney : Just give me a second, okay?
James : - I thought you said that he... - Stop. Come on.
Barney : I know Bob Barker's not really...
Robin : you know. I'm not crazy.
Barney : I just...
Barney : I needed that.
Barney : I know it may sound stupid, but I didn't always feel so great
Barney : about myself growing up, and so having a celebrity dad made me feel special.
Barney : But you're right, James.
Barney : It's time to...
Barney : let go of the fantasies.
Barney : It's time to grow up.
James : Come here.
UNK: Sam Gibbs : Can I help you?
James : - You're Sam Gibbs. - Yes.
James : I'm James Stinson,
Barney : and...
James : I think you may have known my mother, Loretta Stinson...
James : in the '70s.
Sam : I knew Loretta.
James : My mother meant to send you this.
Sam : You're my son.
Lily : God, this must be so hard for Barney.
Marshall : Yeah, but you know what? He took a big step today...
Barney : Look at us!
Barney : It's like three of the same guy.
Barney : My God, this explains why I was always so awesome at basketball.
Barney : Guys, I'm black!
Barney : Sorry. African-American.
Barney : I'm allowed to say either.
UNK: I gotta go get my camera!
James : That is my younger brother, Barney.
James : He just thought he'd meet his real dad today.
UNK: And he's not taking it so well.
Sam : My head's kind of spinning, too.
Sam : Loretta and I only saw each other
Sam : for a couple of months.
Sam : You were two before I knew you existed,
Sam : and at that point, your mother made it clear,
UNK: she wanted to raise you alone.
Sam : I had to respect her wishes, but
Sam : I always wanted to meet you.
Ted : Barney and James are two years apart.
UNK: If Sam knew Loretta for a few months,
UNK: he couldn't be Barney's father.
Robin : He's also...
Robin : quite the detective.
Robin : Don't worry.
Lily : We'll snap Barney out of this when he gets back.
UNK: Or, we could just let him have this one.
Lily : - Are you kidding? - Barney's losing his childhood home,
UNK: he admitted Bob Barker's not his dad,
Marshall : and then he watched James meet his real father.
UNK: It's a lot to go through.
UNK: Can't we let him be black for a day?
Barney : Ted, Capture the moment!
Ted : You'd need Salvador Dali to capture this,
Ted : but I'll give it a whirl.