Ted : - I always find that reassuring. - You will meet her.
Ted : You think so?
Lily : Santa's still a lie, and I'm not lying to our kids.
Marshall : Baby, it's Santa.
Marshall : Don't you want our kid going to sleep on Christmas Eve
Marshall : with their hearts full of hope,
Marshall : their heads full of crazy cough syrup nightmares,
Marshall : knowing that downstairs Kris Kringle is stuffing their stockings full of joy
Marshall : and stuffing his belly full of milk and lutefisk that they left him?
Lily : Milk and lutefisk? Santa doesn't get cookies in Minnesota?
UNK: That's what Santa needs at 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: when he's battling a snowstorm over the Rockies, a sugar crash.
UNK: - No. Santa needs protein. - I'm not lying to our kids.
Barney : Valentines. The second base of third grade.
Barney : I always got a Valentine from every single girl in my class.
James : Funny how all these girls have the exact same handwriting
James : as the Postmaster General, Mom,
James : and home run king, Frank Aaron.
Barney : Yeah, school girls...
Barney : The more they ignore you, pretend to hate your guts,
Barney : lock you in the coatroom over winter break, the more they secretly like you.
Barney : This isn't...
Barney : Who's Sam Gibbs?
James : No idea. Why?
Barney : Mom addressed this and never sent it.
James : What's in it?
Barney : It's a picture of you and me when we were little kids.
Barney : On the back, Mom wrote...
Barney : "Your son."
Loretta : Everyone, lunch is ready.
Loretta : Who wants Sloppy Joes?
James : Mom, who's Sam Gibbs?
Loretta : That doesn't sound familiar. Who wants Sloppy Joes?
James : There's a picture of me and Barney addressed to him.
James : And you wrote "your son" on the back.
Loretta : Oh, no, that...
Loretta : It says "Yourson."
Loretta : For Yourson, North Dakota.
Loretta : That's where we took the picture. Lovely town.
Loretta : We went kayaking, and you two rescued the mayor's dog
Loretta : which had wandered into the rapids.
Loretta : That mayor, Sam Gibbs,
Loretta : asked for your picture so the city could make statues of you both.
Loretta : I guess I never sent it. That's embarrassing.
Loretta : Now, how about those Sloppy Joes?
UNK: If this picture was taken in Dakota, why is our swing set in the background?
Loretta : I don't know!
Loretta : I did my best as a single parent, and it wasn't always easy,
Loretta : and I'd recommend putting the coleslaw right on top of the Sloppy Joe,
Loretta : because it's delicious that way!
James : Can you believe her?
Barney : I know.
Barney : Forgetting to send the photo.
Barney : That poor sculptor had to work from memory.
Barney : Those statues probably look nothing like us. Damn it, Mom!
Robin : So, Ted? You were worried
Robin : that I oversold you to Liz. Well, I fixed it.
Ted : - How? - I sent her another email.
Robin : "Dear Liz. I hope it didn't sound like I was trying to oversell Ted.
UNK: "The truth is, he is a genuinely nice, down to earth guy,
Robin : and I think you two would really hit it off."
Ted : Thank you. That's perfect. That totally takes the pressure...
Robin : "Is he going to rock your world in bed? No.
UNK: "But he's clean,
UNK: "open to criticism, and not into anything too weird.
UNK: "He's not bad at all.
Robin : Not bad at all."
Ted : Now you went too far in the...
Robin : "I'll be honest. The first few times aren't gonna be that great.
UNK: "He's going to say "Are you finished?" more times
Robin : - than a waiter in a busy restaurant." - Stop!
James : Listen to me. There is no Yourson, North Dakota.
James : And Sam Gibbs wasn't the mayor.
James : He might be one of our fathers.
Barney : He's not my dad. My dad's Bob Barker.
UNK: You've gotta stop living in these fairy tales that Mom told us!
James : Bob Barker is not your father.
James : Sam Gibbs might be,
James : but Bob Barker is absolutely, unequivocally not your father.
Marshall : I suppose you have a problem with the Easter Bunny, too.
Lily : Not now.
James : This address isn't too far.
James : Are you coming with me, or not?
UNK: So we're doing this?
Barney : We're really going to go disturb the peaceful Long Island retirement
Barney : of the former mayor of Yourson, North Dakota, on a Sunday afternoon?