Lauretta : I thought I was a light-skinned Caucasian,
Barney : but in truth, I'm a really light-skinned African-American.
Barney : Try to hail a cab in Manhattan.
Barney : Am I right?
Barney : No one's stopping for this.
UNK: They don't understand what I'm talking.
UNK: During that afternoon, Sam and James began to discover
UNK: how much they had in common.
Sam : You know this.
Sam : There you go.
Robin : - Weird day. - Weird day.
Robin : Look at that!
UNK: Liz wants to meet you.
Robin : That's great!
Loretta : I guess.
Ted : You said Liz was a total ten.
Ted : Why would she want to meet the freak show you described?
Ted : You oversold her!
Robin : - Maybe a little. - You said She was a ten.
Robin : I did not specify on what scale.
Ted : - You said she looked like a movie star. - She does.
Robin : It's Robert De Niro, but, like, super buff like in Cape Fear.
UNK: Dad, look how fast I run!
UNK: He's a really sweet guy,
James : and he's great with my son.
Sam : I have a grandson?
James : His name's Eli.
Sam : He's beautiful.
Barney : You're not looking!
UNK: Eventually, the strangest afternoon of our lives wound to a close,
UNK: we headed back to Staten Island,
UNK: where Barney and his mom had a long overdue heart-to-heart.
Loretta : - I need to talk to you. - Me first.
UNK: I need to ask you something and,
Barney : I want you to be honest with me.
Barney : Why do white people like Carrot Top?
James : Listen...
Sam : I always wanted to be enough for you boys.
Loretta : I think that's why it always hurt whenever you asked about your dads,
Loretta : because I was always trying so hard to be both parents for you.
Loretta : But I was being selfish.
Loretta : You deserve the truth.
Loretta : Here it is.
Loretta : Sam is not your father.
Barney : Are you sure?
Loretta : He's black, dear.
Loretta : But if you want, I can tell you who your father really is.
UNK: At that moment,
UNK: Barney suddenly saw his childhood
UNK: more clearly than he ever had before.
UNK: Basketball coatch : I'm sorry, but your son can't be on the team.
UNK: Basketball coatch : He's terrible.
Barney : What'd Coach say, Ma?
UNK: He said you're too good to be on the team.
Loretta : It's not fair to the other boys.
Loretta : That's okay.
UNK: We can play together in the backyard.
Barney : Why didn't anyone come?
Loretta : You know what, dear?
Loretta : Apparently, there was a mix-up with the mail.
Loretta : I just got this letter from the Postmaster General.
Loretta : "Dear Barney, I sincerely apologize
Loretta : "for losing all the invitations
Loretta : you sent out to your eighth birthday party."
Barney : I don't need it.
Loretta : But it's your father.
Barney : I already have a father.
Barney : And his name...
Barney : is Loretta.
UNK: Kids, your uncle Barney grew up without a dad.
UNK: And it always made him feel incomplete.
UNK: But as he hugged Loretta,
UNK: so around by the boxes into his happy childhood,
UNK: he realized he had one hell of a mom.
Barney : Wait. Dad! James!
Barney : Where are you going? That's the best part.
Barney : Can we go camping?