Ross : It went great.
UNK: And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either.
UNK: That's great. I'm sorry we weren't supportive before.
UNK: I knew I just had to let the material speak for itself.
UNK: Everyone's all, "Ross, you have to be funny and sexy."
Ross : Well, I proved them wrong!
UNK: And now I'm gonna pass the news on to Joey and Chandler.
UNK: -That you're not funny or sexy? -That's right!
Joey : -Hey, Estelle, listen.. -Well, well, well.
Estelle : Joey Tribbiani.
Estelle : So you came back, huh?
Estelle : They think they can do better, but they all...
Estelle : come crawling back to Estelle.
UNK: What are you talking about?
Joey : I never left you. You've always been my agent.
UNK: Really?
Estelle : Oh, well, no harm no foul.
UNK: Look, you gotta get me some work. I lost my health insurance.
UNK: All right, first thing we gotta do : damage control.
UNK: -Why? -Well, I think...
Estelle : someone out there...
UNK: may have been bad-mouthing you all over town.
UNK: The bastard!
UNK: We're early. The lecture doesn't end for 15 minutes.
UNK: -But we could sneak in and watch. -Yeah, we could.
UNK: Hey, look. There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas. I was a Kappa.
Rachel : Hey, sisters.
Rachel : Wow, we really are bitches.
Ross : Right. So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory...
Ross : he made a startling discovery.
Ross : What he believed to be igneous was, in fact, sedimentary.
Ross : Imagine his consternation when..
Ross : Oh, bloody hell.
Joey : So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow.
UNK: And I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
UNK: That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
UNK: -What's wrong with you? -Nothing.
Joey : I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before.
UNK: And then I passed out...
UNK: and I haven't been able to stand up since.
UNK: But I don't think it's anything serious.
Chandler : This sounds like a hernia. Go to the doctor.
UNK: No way. If I go to the doctor, it'll be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
UNK: That's a hernia.
UNK: Why'd I have to start working out again?
Joey : Damn you, 15s!
Monica : What the hell are you doing?
Ross : Look, I was nervous.
Ross : You guys had me all worried I was gonna be boring.
Ross : I got up there and they were all, like, staring at me.
Ross : I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Rachel : Yeah, and not a very good one.
Ross : Will you, please...?
UNK: The Professor : Dr. Geller? Kurt Rathman.
UNK: I'm a paleontology professor here.
UNK: The Professor : Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?
UNK: I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
Monica : Monica Geller.
Ross : Right. Will you excuse us for one moment?
Rachel : -What are you doing? -You can have an accent, but I can't?
UNK: Top of the morning to you, laddies!
UNK: Would you just please stop?
UNK: Yes, yes, Bombay is very, very nice this time of year.
Chandler : Hey, will you grab me a cruller?
UNK: [scene : Sit down!