UNK: All I know is Hannah, the paramedic, she's missing.
UNK: Chief? What's happened?
Richard : A quiet board. A quiet board is what's happened.
Burke : Dr. Shepherd?
UNK: Derek a little surprised : Dr. Burke.
Burke : How's it going?
Derek : He's got a second bleed under the skull base.
Derek : If I do what the textbooks say,
Derek : he could lose the power of speech, herniate and die.
Burke : - What's your other option? - If I do what I want,
Derek : he could lose the power of speech,
UNK: herniate and die.
Burke : Well, good luck with that.
Derek : Thanks.
Derek : Is there something you want?
Burke : You know, it was really stupid of you not to evacuate.
UNK: Derek nods : - You, too. - Yeah, I know.
UNK: We should consider a new profession.
UNK: Burke half chuckles : Yes, we should.
Derek : Now, can you operate and remove the device from the guy?
Burke : After the bomb squad is through assessing him, I'm going to try.
UNK: I don't want to be the guy that kills Bailey's husband.
UNK: I don't want to be the guy that kills us all.
Burke : - Dr. Shepherd. - Dr. Burke.
UNK: You realize how stupid that was?
UNK: - It was, incredibly stupid. - I don't need to be made fun of
UNK: when I have my hand inside a body that's got a bomb in it
UNK: Meredith to Cristina : and a stranger is Velcro-ing a flak jacket to my boobs.
Dylan : You've got a sense of irony.
Meredith : Only when things are really ironic.
Meredith : I had a feeling.
Dylan : What's that?
Meredith : Nothing.
UNK: Burke in a low voice : - Time for you to go. - No, I'm staying.
Burke : There's nothing more you can do here. We got it covered.
Meredith : Cristina, this is not another cool surgery.
UNK: This ammo can go off any time and kill everyone.
Burke : Do you get that? You cannot be in here.
UNK: - Do you think this is about surgery? - I cannot do this with you here.
UNK: I cannot think.
Meredith : We'll be fine.
Meredith : It's OK.
UNK: Cristina to Burke : You know in the movies how there's always the hero
UNK: Cristina to Burke : and then there's the other guy?
UNK: Cristina to Burke : You know the guy who sees danger and runs in the opposite direction?
MVO : Yes.
Cristina : Be the other guy.
UNK: Meredith to Dylan : So, you have a plan, right? You have a way to get me out of this?
George : I feel colors are brighter. Does anyone feel colors are brighter?
George : - My head hurts. - It's the adrenaline.
UNK: - Do you have the smell thing? I have... - Shut up!
Alex : - Are you OK? - Of course not.
UNK: How could she be OK? You're insensitive.
UNK: - I am not insensitive. - Would you shut up!
Izzie : Nobody cares if the blue is bluer or if you have super smelling powers.
Izzie : Meredith could die. Any minute she could just... die.
Izzie : Actually stop living.
Izzie : Dead.
Izzie : Corpse.
UNK: Look, I'm sorry.
Izzie : God, I have really inappropriate reactions to this kind of stress.
UNK: I'm sorry. Hold on.
Alex : - OK? - Yeah.
Alex : Should we like... do something?
UNK: - I mean, call Meredith's family? - We are Meredith's family.
Izzie : I'm sorry.