UNK: Like I'm going to freak out any minute.
UNK: I'm not going to freak out so, whatever it is, just tell me.
Burke : The main oxygen line runs directly under this room.
MVO : OK.
UNK: Not OK?
Meredith : Well?
Meredith : I need one of you to tell me what this means exactly.
Meredith : Because I think I know what it means,
Meredith : but I tend to be "glass half empty" these days,
Meredith : so I won't trust what I think it means.
UNK: Because I think it means that if the bomb were to explode
Meredith : over the oxygen line, the whole hospital could blow up.
Meredith : And that's just crazy, right?
Richard : I need an answer on when they're going to start moving.
Richard : - Look, I'm busy. - I know.
UNK: I know you are, but if there was something,
UNK: anything we could do to help, it would be very helpful.
Izzie : We need an assignment, sir.
Richard : - Look, I need... - Chief?
UNK: - He's full-on diaphoretic. - Check his pulse.
UNK: - We need help. - Let's move!
Izzie : - I'll get a wheelchair. - I think it's a heart attack.
Dylan : Meredith, all it means...
Dylan : - is that we have to move. - Move?
Dylan : That's right. We have to move.
Dylan : I don't want to spend another second here.
Meredith : Wait. I can't wiggle my fingers because we can't shift the ammo,
Meredith : and now you want to roll out the entire gurney?
Dylan : Well, that's our safest, safest option.
Burke : So we move. Not a problem. We can do this.
Burke : - You handling this, Grey? - I'm handling this.
Richard : - So how's it look? - Hard to say. EKG is normal.
Alex : - That's good news. - I'm getting up.
UNK: Sir, you should wait until we get the blood work back.
Richard : - I'm not listening. - You can talk to me, Dr. Stevens.
UNK: Izzie unsure : Um...
UNK: Izzie unsure : Um...
MVO : OK.
UNK: Izzie unsure : Your husband should really wait
Izzie : until we get the blood work back for confirmation.
UNK: OK, out! Both of you!
Richard : - I'm getting up. - You have to body-check me to do so.
Richard : Adele, there is a bomb!
Mindy : I heard.
UNK: Dr. Montgomery-Shepherd?
UNK: What are we going to do? I mean, about Dr. Bailey.
George : Can we drug her?
Addison : - Against her will? - No. Well... yes.
UNK: I mean, can't we force her to push?
UNK: lf... Declare her temporarily insane?
UNK: Addison lets out a noise of frustration : You want me to declare Miranda Bailey, Miranda... Bailey, incompetent?
UNK: Addison lets out a noise of frustration : Do you think that will help?
UNK: Do you think it will make her more inclined, comfortable giving birth?
George : - I don't know. - Do you think I'm not doing
UNK: Addison interrupts : everything I can to help her?
UNK: Addison interrupts : Do you think I'm just out here because I needed a little me-time?
George : - I'm just asking. - Stop asking!
UNK: Addison yells : No matter what you ask, I don't know.
UNK: I am doing everything I can. Everything I can.
UNK: Addison yells : Miranda Bailey's husband is in mortal danger, actual mortal danger.
UNK: Addison yells : There's not a lot I can say to comfort her
UNK: Addison yells : because there's not a lot anybody can say to comfort me.
UNK: Addison yells : I'm doing my best. Dr. Bailey is doing her best.
UNK: Addison yells : And I need you to do your best and I need it to be better
UNK: Addison yells : than standing here asking me the world's stupidest questions!
UNK: Addison yells : I don't know, O'Malley!