George : We are Meredith's family.
UNK: - This area's been evacuated, Dr. Yang. - And somehow you're still here.
Derek : - I have to be here. You don't. - Yes I do.
Derek : - Dr. Yang. - Yes I do!
UNK: Cristina adamant : Besides, I... I'm guessing you need a little company.
Cristina : - How's he doing? - He's hanging in there.
Derek : - How's the paramedic Hannah doing? - Hannah?
Derek : The girl with the bomb.
Cristina : Oh, uh, she's hanging in there, too.
Addison : - Calm down. - Calm down?
UNK: Richard upset : I have an evacuated OR, a bomb in a body cavity,
UNK: a missing paramedic, an intern with her hand on the explosive,
UNK: two world-class surgeons in harm's way,
UNK: Richard upset : a man on a table who may bleed out any moment
UNK: unless we remove the bomb from his chest
UNK: Richard upset : and my favorite resident in labor who you are now telling me refuses to push.
UNK: Really? Calm down?
UNK: - You really want me to calm down? - OK, don't calm down.
George : Dr. Bailey is scared, sir. It's a day to be scared.
Addison : She won't let me examine her but her contractions are 40 seconds apart
UNK: and she is refusing to push.
Addison : The baby could go into distress and if she doesn't come out of this,
UNK: I'll need an OR to do an emergency C-section.
Richard : I can't give you an OR, Addie. I don't have an OR to give.
UNK: Convince her. Bailey's rational.
Addison : She's not Bailey, she's a woman in labor
Addison : whose husband is in surgery next to a bomb.
Richard : - So is yours. - This is about Bailey. I need an OR.
Richard : - I don't know what to tell you. - Look, Richard, we have about an hour.
Addison : And then I'm going to need you to get me an OR, build me an OR,
Addison : find me a helicopter to fly me to any OR in the city.
Addison : Otherwise, instead of having a baby, she'll be losing one.
UNK: - Here are the blueprints you asked for. - Thank you.
Izzie : I laugh at funerals.
Alex : I don't go to funerals.
Alex : Izzie. Iz.
UNK: Izzie upset : I was jealous.
UNK: Izzie upset : I was jealous of Meredith and the surgery and I...
UNK: I... I was...