Castle : Forty grand a month?
Castle : Any idea where the money was coming from?
Beckett : Not from a bank account. From money orders.
UNK: So someone was making payments on her behalf.
Montgomery : Just got a fax from hospital security.
Montgomery : They got this off the ambulance dock camera.
Montgomery : Your boy Greg was telling the truth.
Montgomery : Dr. Monroe did head out with another guy.
Montgomery : Security showed this photo around, but no one recognized him.
Beckett : Well, whoever this man is,
UNK: he might've been the last one to see Dr. Monroe alive.
Castle : Especially if he killed her.
Castle : I'm home. And guess what I...
UNK: Dad, Gina got tickets for Taylor Swift!
Alexis : They're front row center and come with backstage passes.
Alexis : We're going to meet her!
Castle : That's great.
Gina : We just made a deal for her autobiography. It's no big deal.
UNK: I gotta call Ash. He's gonna be so excited.
Castle : I can't believe you did that.
UNK: What?
Castle : I got tickets.
Castle : I mean, you didn't even call me to ask me if it was okay.
Gina : I didn't imagine that you would disapprove.
Gina : - And Alexis was delighted. - No, that's not the point.
Gina : No, it's not.
Gina : The point is that I was trying to do something nice for Alexis.
Gina : And apparently all you can see is that I stole your hero moment.
Castle : That's not...
Alexis : Good night.
Montgomery : Any luck on the mystery guy?
Beckett : No, sir. Nothing yet.
Montgomery : Listen, go on home. You can start fresh in the morning.
Gina : - No. - I wouldn't leave just yet.
UNK: - Where you been? - Getting coffee.
Montgomery : - All day? - At Dr. Monroe's coffee shop.
Esposito : Turns out it's right next to the Faircross Hotel.
Esposito : I showed the manager Dr. Monroe's picture.
Rabbi : - And? - Pay dirt.
Esposito : Several nights a week, our victim was spending the night
Esposito : in a suite belonging to a permanent resident.
Esposito : One Cesar Calderon.
Montgomery : The drug lord? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: They say Calderon was responsible
Montgomery : for half the coke on the streets in the '80s.
UNK: But he was so big no one could touch him.
Beckett : So what was our saint of a doctor doing
Beckett : spending the night with a drug lord?
Montgomery : Nightly visits, mystery cash gifts.
Montgomery : Sounds like Valerie Monroe was The Devil's mistress.
Castle : A known criminal living in a swanky hotel.
Castle : Very Al Capone.
Castle : Murdered mistress.
Castle : A brutal Colombian drug lord. What do you think?