Castle : That's probably how the accomplice got the body to the funeral home.
UNK: All right, check into surveillance cameras
Beckett : within the vicinity of the funeral home.
Beckett : Maybe we'll get lucky, get a license plate,
Beckett : and track down that accomplice.
Montgomery : Or you could just ask Greg who his accomplice is.
UNK: Sir?
Montgomery : Those Jersey State Troopers you had staking out the Burgeropolis?
Montgomery : Just pulled your fugitive lovebirds from the drive-through.
Montgomery : They're bringing them in now.
UNK: You had Jersey Troopers stake out the Burgeropolis?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : But you said that was stupid.
Beckett : No. You said it was stupid. And it looks like you were wrong.
Castle : No. No, no. I was right.
Greg : I love her.
Greg : What was I supposed to do? Leave her in that prison to rot?
Greg : What would you have done?
Greg : The love of your life,
UNK: stuck behind bars for a crime she didn't commit.
Beckett : That's not what this is about, Mr. McClintock.
Beckett : Yes, it is!
Greg : Amy didn't drive the getaway car in that robbery.
Greg : Her car was stolen. She got screwed by...
UNK: Get focused, Greg!
Beckett : We're not interested in your girlfriend's crimes.
Beckett : We're here because of Dr. Monroe's murder.
UNK: What?
Greg : I have an alibi, remember?
Beckett : We know you have an alibi.
Beckett : We also know that you have an accomplice.
Greg : I don't have an accomplice.
Greg : I don't know anything about her murder.
UNK: Right. And Doctor Monroe really pulled you into that meeting
Castle : to scold you for flirting with her residents.
UNK: She was onto you.
Castle : She knew about the drugs,
Castle : she knew about the plan, she knew about Bedford Hills.
Castle : And that's why you had her killed.
UNK: No.
Greg : When she pulled me into her office,
UNK: I knew she was onto me.
Greg : I had to move fast before she ruined everything.
UNK: So you killed her.
Greg : No! I didn't kill...
Greg : All I did was change the date of Amy's escape.
Greg : I had to get her out before Dr. Monroe found out everything.
Castle : Or maybe she already knew everything.
Castle : Maybe she threatened to turn you in.
Greg : No. From her questions, I could tell she was fishing.
Greg : Trying to put the pieces together.
Greg : She was off shift for the next two days,
Greg : so I figured if I could distract her and get the hell out of her office,
UNK: our plan still might have a chance.
Beckett : What do you mean, you distracted her?
Greg : You know, change the subject?
Greg : I started asking her about this new bracelet she had.
Greg : How it was a special gift from her boyfriend?
Greg : Then, a few minutes later, her phone rang
Greg : and I got the hell out of there.
Castle : Well, that's a pretty good story.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : Only Dr. Monroe didn't have a boyfriend.
Greg : No, I swear, the way she was talking about that bracelet,
Greg : she definitely had a boyfriend.
Beckett : In this whole investigation,
Beckett : there has not been one mention of a boyfriend.
UNK: Probably because he was lying. Look.
Castle : Nothing, nothing, nothing.
Castle : See? No bracelet.
Ryan : Nearby bank cam caught a photo of a DeVille
Ryan : heading towards the direction of the funeral home
Ryan : shortly after our window for time of death.
Ryan : It was the only one that passed by that night.
Beckett : Is there a better angle so we can see the license plate or the driver?
Ryan : Nope, that's the best one.
Castle : Oh, look.
Castle : He wasn't lying.
UNK: She was wearing the bracelet right before she was killed.
Beckett : Well, where did it go?
UNK: CSUs didn't find one in the coffin or anywhere else.
Castle : The killer took it.
Ryan : Why? I mean it doesn't look like it was worth very much.
Ryan : If it was about money, how come he didn't take her purse?
Castle : Because it wasn't about money. It was about passion.
Castle : Do you recognize that bracelet?
Beckett : I've seen that design before.
Calderon : Detective. Mr. Castle.
Calderon : Have you made any progress finding Valerie's killer?
Beckett : We believe we have.
Beckett : Tell me, what was the exact nature of your relationship with Dr. Monroe?
Calderon : I told you already. She was my physician.
Castle : You said that before, but I'm confused.
Castle : You see, unlike you, I don't take long romantic drives with my doctor.
Castle : I do that with my girlfriend.
Calderon : We don't yet live in a world where passion is a crime, do we, Detective?