Castle : And you should be the hero this time.
Gina : That's sweet.
Gina : You're sweet.
UNK: Hello!
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: How did it go with your amends last night? Did bribery work?
Castle : That and sincerity.
Beckett : Well, it's always a good combination.
Castle : How goes the haystack? Any needles?
Beckett : More like a pitchfork.
Beckett : There's no record of Dr. Monroe ever visiting the prison.
UNK: But the logs do show that another member of the hospital staff
Beckett : was making weekly visits to Bedford Hills prison facility.
Castle : Anyone we know?
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Castle : Nurse Greg? Seriously?
Beckett : Seriously. For the past three years,
Beckett : Greg has been making weekly visits to an inmate named Amy Porter,
UNK: who is doing 30 years to life for her role as getaway driver
Beckett : in a failed robbery where a security guard was killed.
Beckett : So, I did a little bit of digging and apparently,
Beckett : Greg was her character witness at her trial.
Castle : - Amy is Greg's girlfriend. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Dr. Monroe was onto prescription fraud and a smuggling ring.
Castle : She thought Greg was stealing meds from the hospital
UNK: and smuggling them in to Amy.
Beckett : For her to distribute on the inside.
Castle : So I was right. Greg was working an angle.
Castle : He was friends with all these women so they would help him.
UNK: Probably without any of them realizing it.
Beckett : So I asked the prison warden to go and search Amy's cell.
Beckett : And then bring her down here for questioning.
Esposito : Yo! I just got off the phone with the warden from Bedford Hills.
Esposito : Amy Porter suffered a stroke this morning.
UNK: At 25?
Esposito : They sent her to County Hospital.
Castle : Here? Why not bring her to a hospital a little closer to the prison?
Esposito : County is the nearest hospital with a secure ward.
Beckett : And that's also where Greg works.
Greg : Dr. Phelps?
Beckett : Dr. Phelps, we understand that you're treating a patient named Amy Porter.
Beckett : She's a prison transfer.
UNK: Dr. Phelps : I was. Unfortunately she died while having an MRI.
Castle : She's dead?
Beckett : Where's the body?
Beckett : Greg switched the body.
Beckett : This wasn't about smuggling something into jail.
Castle : It was about smuggling something out.
Castle : Greg pulled a prison break!
Castle : A prison break?
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : We swept the hospital but we didn't find either of them.
Castle : Turns out Greg isn't McDreamy or McSteamy.
Castle : He's McSchemey!
Montgomery : Do we know how he pulled this off?
Beckett : Well, sir, after reviewing the evidence,
UNK: and also with Dr. Parish's expertise,
Beckett : we think that we figured it out.
Beckett : The key was forging friendships with specific doctors
Beckett : who could provide documents and drugs.
Castle : That's why he was just friends and not sleeping with them all.
Castle : He was committed to Amy the whole time.
Lanie : Without knowing it,
Lanie : every woman in the Galaxy of Greg helped him with his escape plan.
Lanie : Signatures on death certificates, medical orders, body releases.
Montgomery : Okay, but how did he fake Amy's death?
Lanie : Pharmacist Lissa Akerman
Lanie : gave Greg a container of Acetyl Hexapeptide-3.
UNK: It's a Botox-like topical cream.
Lanie : Effective in small doses.
Castle : Akerman thought it was a gift for Greg's mother.
UNK: But Greg instead smuggled it in to Amy.
Lanie : Amy lathered half her face with it,
Lanie : temporarily diminishing her facial muscles' ability to contract.
Montgomery : Simulating a stroke.
Beckett : And then according to prison protocol,
Beckett : Amy was sent to County to receive advanced medical treatment.
Lanie : And like any good physician,
Lanie : Dr. Phelps immediately ordered an MRI.
Castle : Kicking Greg's plan into high gear.
UNK: Greg used his connections at the ER to get both morphine and naloxone.
Lanie : When he escorted Amy into the MRI,
Lanie : he gave her enough morphine to cause her vital signs to drop
Lanie : to where she had no recordable pulse.
Beckett : Creating the illusion of death.
Beckett : And since Amy had a do not resuscitate order...
Castle : Courtesy of Dr. Zha.
Beckett : ...she was pronounced dead.
UNK: Not wanting to waste a second, Greg wheels Amy into the morgue.
UNK: And then injects her with the Naloxone,
Lanie : bringing her out of the OD.
Lanie : And very dangerous, but effective.
Beckett : Greg had the morgue supervisor sign all of the documents
UNK: necessary to release the body,
Beckett : and then placed Jane Doe's body in Amy's bag.
Castle : Then, like any other couple in love,
UNK: they walked arm in arm out of the hospital,
Castle : and into the sunrise.
Lanie : Risking everything for love.
Lanie : If it weren't for the fact that Dr. Monroe was killed,