UNK: No.
UNK: And then the day before yesterday,
Maloney : she calls me out of the blue and wants to meet.
Beckett : By the ambulance dock.
Maloney : When I got there,
UNK: she said she was onto something that involved prescription fraud
Maloney : and a possible smuggling ring.
Maloney : But she didn't want to point fingers
UNK: until she had verified some things up north this weekend.
Maloney : Up north?
Castle : The searches on Dr. Monroe's phone. Katonah, New York.
Montgomery : What does a smuggling ring
Montgomery : have to do with Katonah?
Montgomery : It's basically a nothing town.
Castle : Three reasons why Katonah is awesome.
Castle : One, gorgeous countrysides.
UNK: Two, it's where Doonesbury cartoonist Garry Trudeau went to school.
Castle : And three, and perhaps most importantly,
Castle : it's where Martha Stewart lives.
Beckett : You like Martha Stewart?
Castle : Doesn't everyone?
Montgomery : Well, I liked her.
UNK: Until she went to prison for insider trading.
Montgomery : Wait a minute. Prison.
Montgomery : Next to Katonah is Bedford Hills.
Montgomery : And what's in Bedford Hills, Detective?
Beckett : There's a women's prison.
Castle : Do you think she suspected someone there?
Castle : If we're talking about a field trip to a women's prison, I'm in.
UNK: Easy, tiger. Listen, call the prison.
Montgomery : Have them fax over the visitors log
UNK: for the past six months and an inmate list.
Montgomery : See if anyone there connects to the hospital or our victim.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Uh, if we're talking about wading through hospital staff lists
Castle : and prison logs, I'm out.
UNK: Besides, I've got some amends to make.
Castle : And it's gonna take a little bribery.
Gina : Okay, Rick, I'm here.
Gina : What's so important?
Gina : What is this?
Castle : Well, nothing says
UNK: "I'm an ass" like a bunch of helium-filled rubber.
Castle : And you're not smiling.
UNK: No, it's just that I had this sick feeling all day.
UNK: I felt like we'd had this fight before.
Gina : And then I remembered the doll debacle.
Castle : You bought a doll for Alexis for Christmas.
Gina : And you already had one stashed away in the closet as a surprise.
Castle : And it was a battle deciding which one she would keep.
Gina : And you won. Like always.
UNK: But yours was so creepy. Its eyes followed you.
Gina : This is exactly what I'm talking about, Rick.
Gina : Even when we were married, you built a wall around Alexis,
Gina : like you didn't want anyone else to be close to her.
Gina : When it came to the two of you, I was on the outside looking in.
Gina : I just...
Gina : I don't want to feel like an outsider anymore.