Calderon : I was right here.
Calderon : I ordered room service.
Calderon : The hotel staff can attest to that.
UNK: Carpet's brown. Not gray.
Castle : She wasn't killed here.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
UNK: No. Is he the one who killed her?
UNK: All we know is that he was with her just before she died.
Manuel : I've seen this man before.
Manuel : A few times, Valerie had me drop her off at a diner by her place.
Manuel : This man was sometimes waiting.
Gina : Do you remember the name of the diner?
Beckett : The wait staff said he's a lunch regular,
Beckett : but he hasn't been in yet today.
Beckett : They don't know his name.
Castle : Maybe he killed Dr. Monroe and then got out of Dodge.
Beckett : Maybe. Let's just wait here though.
Castle : Calderon's alibi?
Beckett : The hotel staff confirmed it.
Beckett : How did Alexis' surprise go?
Castle : Turns out the surprise was on me.
Castle : Gina got her tickets, too. Front row. Backstage access.
Beckett : You say that like it's a bad thing.
UNK: Well, she should've checked with me first.
Beckett : Maybe, but at least it means she cared enough to do it, right?
Beckett : There he is.
Beckett : Excuse me, sir.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about Dr. Valerie Monroe.
UNK: Leonard Maloney : You want to talk about Valerie, call my office.
Beckett : If you don't cooperate, I'm gonna be forced to arrest you.
Beckett : Hey! Drop it!
Maloney : No. You drop it.
Maloney : Leonard Maloney, Attorney General's Office.
UNK: What the hell is going on?
Castle : We're investigating the murder of Dr. Monroe.
Maloney : Murder? Valerie's dead?
Castle : Exactly how did you know her?
Maloney : She was working for me.
UNK: Undercover.
Castle : It's like an Alfred Hitchcock movie.
Castle : A beautiful professional
Castle : goes undercover to trap an infamous drug lord.
Montgomery : - Drug lord? - Cesar Calderon.
Beckett : The target of your investigation.
Maloney : Calderon? No.
UNK: An investigation of Calderon is way above my pay-grade.
Maloney : Besides, he's been out of the drug game for years.
Beckett : Then what was your target?
UNK: Lanie Parish : County Hospital.
Maloney : The State Comptroller
Maloney : was investigating misappropriations of funds,
Maloney : prescription fraud and equipment theft.
Castle : Medical fraud?
UNK: And we couldn't find the source,
Maloney : so, I asked Dr. Monroe to be our eyes and ears on the inside.
Beckett : And did she find anything?