Castle : and then conveniently saw her with some mystery man?
Greg : - That's what happened. - Oh.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 7 : 00 and 9 : 00?
Greg : Are you asking for my alibi? Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously. - Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously. - Seriously?
Greg : - Seriously! - Okay. Uh, I was...
UNK: ...getting coffee with lmani.
Greg : I mean, Dr. Phelps.
Greg : No, wait. At that time, I was with Rhonda. Dr. Chimes.
Greg : You can ask her. She'll verify where I was.
Ryan : Dr. Rhonda Chimes, who's smoking hot by the way,
Ryan : confirms his story.
Ryan : She went on and on about how Greg's such a great listener
Ryan : and brings her all these cute thinking-of-you gifts.
Castle : Well, I knew my homicidal hospital love triangle theory had weight.
Castle : That makes Greg McDreamy.
Ryan : See, that's what I thought.
Ryan : But Dr. Chimes says their relationship is strictly platonic.
Ryan : So I spoke to more members of the staff
UNK: and that's when I found the others.
Ryan : The others?
Ryan : The other women in what I call...
Ryan : The Galaxy of Greg.
Ryan : Each one of these women
Ryan : orbits Greg and considers him to be her special friend.
Castle : Well, that totally makes him McSteamy.
Ryan : Nope. Spoke with all the planets in the galaxy
Ryan : and none of them are sleeping with him.
Ryan : And CSU did a sweep of the facility.
UNK: None of their carpeting matches the fibers we found from the body.
Castle : No! Makes no sense.
Castle : Why spend all that time listening to women and buying them things
UNK: if you're not gonna try and sleep with them?
Castle : Beckett's here.
Ryan : Maybe Greg is gay.
Beckett : The way he was hitting on me? No. He's so not gay.
Castle : Well, he's working an angle, or he's hiding something.
Beckett : He's not the only one. Our victim's student loans.
Beckett : Since graduating med school,
UNK: Dr. Monroe has been regularly making minimum amount payments
UNK: on her $440,000 student loan.
Ryan : That's how much it costs to become a doctor?
Ryan : Glad I became a cop.
Beckett : And without any increase in pay at the hospital,
Beckett : six months ago, she started paying $ 10,000 a week.