Gina : Do you remember our song?
UNK: La, la, la, la! Don't wanna hear it!
Castle : You girls have a great day.
Castle : Remember, it won't be the same without me.
UNK: No.
UNK: Hmm. Looks like you have plans anyway.
Castle : Don't we usually get to the victim before the funeral?
UNK: What've we got?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Mourners found a body in the casket.
Castle : And that's unusual how?
Esposito : Well, the family was bidding a fond farewell to Mr. Mank here,
UNK: and discovered that he wasn't going to the grave alone.
Castle : Is it just me, or is Mr. Mank smiling?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Our stowaway is Dr. Valerie Monroe,
UNK: an attending internist at County Hospital.
Beckett : A doctor. Any connection to the deceased?
Esposito : Ryan's talking to the family now.
Beckett : Cause of death?
UNK: Mankofsky's Wife : Liver failure. He drank like a fish!
Lanie : We may know what killed Mr. Mank,
Lanie : but your dead doctor here is more of a mystery.
Lanie : No bullet holes, stab wounds or ligature marks.
Lanie : She has a peri-mortem bruise on the back of her neck here.
Lanie : But it wasn't severe enough to have been fatal.
UNK: Lividity indicates she died sometime between 7 : 00 and 9 : 00 last night,
Lanie : but until I can perform an autopsy, cause of death is unknown.
UNK: What we do know is that somebody was trying to get rid of her body.
Lanie : Along with her purse and her phone.
UNK: You know, it was kind of brilliant when you think about it.
Castle : Disappearing a body in an already occupied coffin.
Castle : And because Jewish tradition demands that you bury the body right away,
Castle : there's less time to get caught.
Esposito : If it wasn't for the pallbearers' fumble,
Esposito : the good doctor would have disappeared forever.
UNK: All right, talk to the funeral director.
Beckett : See if anyone had access to this coffin in the last 24 hours.
UNK: Funeral Director : I've never seen her before
UNK: Funeral Director : and I have no idea how her body got in that casket.
UNK: Funeral Director : This morning, when I came in,
UNK: Funeral Director : I found one of my back windows smashed.
Esposito : So you're saying somebody broke in here
Esposito : and stashed a body in one of your coffins?
UNK: Funeral Director : I called the police, but since nothing was missing,
UNK: Funeral Director : you guys didn't bother showing up.
UNK: Funeral Director : Maybe if you had, I wouldn't have Mrs. Manks out for my blood.
Beckett : So, according to County Hospital,
Beckett : Dr. Monroe finished her shift at 6 : 00 p.m. last night
Beckett : which is about an hour or two before she was murdered.
Beckett : So, hopefully her colleagues will be able to tell us
Beckett : where she was headed.
Beckett : Castle, stop playing with her phone.
Castle : I wasn't playing.
Castle : I wasn't.
Castle : The last web searches on her phone were after 6 : 00 p.m. yesterday.
Castle : She was looking for a hotel in Katonah, New York.
Castle : I thought it might be relevant.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : She also has the new slot car app.
UNK: So, I'm thinking maybe she has friends or family in Katonah.
Castle : Or, perhaps she was planning a liaison with her lover.
Castle : Her boyfriend found out and killed her in a jealous rage.
Beckett : Yeah, no visible marks on her body,
Beckett : other than a small bruise on the back of her neck.
Beckett : That sounds like a jealous rage to me.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Oh, yes! Thank you.
Beckett : Are you getting mail here now?
Castle : Only when I don't want my daughter to see it.
UNK: La!
Beckett : You're a Taylor Swift fan?
Castle : - They're for Alexis. - Oh.
Castle : Cost me an arm and a leg but Alexis will be thrilled.
Castle : Apparently she and Ash have a song.
Beckett : Yeah, well we have a song as well.
Beckett : We do?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey! Funeral director's story checked out. Somebody did break in.
Beckett : Did you get any foreign prints on the casket or the window?
Ryan : Sorry. Struck out.
UNK: But we may have another at bat. Dr. Monroe's financials.
Esposito : And I found something unusual.
Esposito : Almost every morning, she bought coffee.
Ryan : Doctor who buys coffee. Wow, that is unusual.
Esposito : It is!
UNK: If the coffee shop is 20 blocks from her apartment.
Castle : Maybe it was on her way to work?
Espostio : Nope. Complete opposite direction.
Castle : Boyfriend in the neighborhood?
Esposito : On my way to find out.
Ryan : Oh, great. Now he's mad at me.
UNK: Beckett.
Lanie : I found these on the victim's clothes and hair.
Lanie : Gray nylon.
Beckett : Carpet fibers?
Lanie : Sent them over to the lab to see if they can determine the manufacturer.
Beckett : How about cause of death?
Lanie : Well, that's where things get a little interesting.
Lanie : The bruise on her head was made with a blunt object.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : May have knocked her out, but as I suspected,
Lanie : it's not what killed her.
Lanie : I found a needle mark on the side of her neck.
Lanie : She was injected with a syringe.
Beckett : She was poisoned?
Lanie : Not exactly.
Lanie : The killer inserted the needle of an empty syringe
Lanie : into Dr. Monroe's carotid artery.
Lanie : Then pushed the plunger
Lanie : forcing air directly into the brain causing a fatal...
Castle : Air embolism.
Lanie : Gold star for Castle.
Lanie : Judging by the skill of the injection,
Lanie : I'd say it was done by a medical professional.
Beckett : Like one of her colleagues at County Hospital.
Castle : Looks like someone gave her 20 CCs of death.
UNK: You know, with the state of healthcare
UNK: and how stressful it can be for families and for patients,
UNK: I'm surprised that more medical professionals
Beckett : aren't killed every day.
Castle : Yeah. Not to mention the betrayal, the lust, the bed-hopping.
Castle : I've watched enough medical dramas
Castle : to know that doctors are notorious for sleeping with each other.
Castle : I bet as we speak, in this hospital,
Castle : two doctors are in a break room
Castle : doing it.
UNK: And by "it," I mean...
UNK: I know what "it" means, Castle. And that is just a fantasy.