Martha : We should all have that in our lives.
Castle : Yeah. We should.
Castle : Hey, you're home.
Castle : How was it?
Alexis : Taylor was amazing!
Alexis : Ash and I held hands while she sang our song. It was so great.
Alexis : Thank you so much.
Castle : For what?
Alexis : It's okay.
Alexis : Gina told me. The tickets were from both of you.
Alexis : Good night!
Martha : Very considerate of Gina.
Castle : Yeah, it was, wasn't it?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : You're starting to like her, aren't you?
Martha : I stopped being emotionally invested in your girlfriends
Martha : after you dumped that darling Lizzie in eleventh grade.
UNK: Gina's very nice. She's a little over the top, but you know.
Martha : You're happy, I'm happy.
Martha : But, the question is this,
UNK: when you come right down to it.
Martha : Would you be willing to break her out of prison?
Martha : Because that, my boy,
Martha : is true love.
Amy : God, I love you so much.
Greg : I love you, too.
Amy : I can't stand the thought of you getting locked up over me.
Beckett : Well, you might not have to.
Castle : After hearing all your claims of innocence,
Castle : we decided to go over your arrest file.
Esposito : Turns out, there were a lot of discrepancies.
Beckett : So, we sent the files to Leonard Maloney
Beckett : over at the Attorney General's Office and he agreed.
Castle : Apparently your public defender was a real hack.
Castle : He overlooked several key pieces of evidence.
Beckett : Including a statement that was ignored
Beckett : because of the eyewitness' mental illness.
Beckett : So, Maloney has agreed to reopen your case.
Beckett : And he believes that you have cause to be hopeful.
Amy : What about Greg?
Castle : Well, in the spirit of justice,
Castle : Maloney has said that if you get exonerated,
Castle : he will recommend that Greg gets probation.
Amy : Why are you doing all this?
Beckett : Because someone convinced me that a love story as good as yours
Beckett : deserves a shot at a happy ending.
Martha : Oh. Um.
Castle : We feel bad that the State Troopers picked you up at Burgeropolis
UNK: before you were able to relive your first date.
Castle : So, until you do get out,
Castle : we brought you this.