Ted : And so, after six months apart,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Aunt lily and uncle marshall were finally back together.
Lily : Oh, my god.
Lily : These pancakes are delicious!
UNK: Yes. Thank you.
UNK: Um, I learned how to cook while you were gone this summer.
Lily : Oh. Do you want to cook dinner tonight?
Marshall : Yeah, sure.
Marshall : How about pancakes?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And things were back to normal... Almost.
Lily : You may not have much range, but at least I'm marrying a guy
Lily : Who knows how to make pancakes.
UNK: Oh, um...
UNK: I mean, um...
UNK: Well, I realize
Lily : That we haven't really discussed
Lily : Whether us getting back together
Lily : Means us getting married, but...
Lily : I still wanna.
Lily : Do you still wanna?
Marshall : Really?
Lily : Of course, I love you.
Marshall : No, I mean, that's how you're gonna do it?
Marshall : "Do you still wanna?"
Marshall : That's like the lamest proposal ever.
Marshall : When I did it,
Marshall : I got down on my knees...
Marshall : I don't know, I'm just saying.
UNK: Lily getting down on one knee : Marshall eriksen, will you ma...
Marshall : No, no, no, no, no, no.
UNK: What?! You can't lead with that.
Marshall : You got to...
Marshall : Build up to that.
Marshall : You got to have, like, a little speech.
Lily : Do you remember your proposal to me?
Marshall : I had a speech prepared.
Lily : What do you want to hear?
Marshall : I don't know.
Marshall : I mean, you could tell me, like, about how good-looking
Marshall : And funny and smart I am
Marshall : And I've been working out lately.
Marshall : It might be nice for you to mention something... About that.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Marshall, you are good-looking...
Marshall : Thank you.
UNK: You're funny. Oh, thanks.
UNK: You're smart.
Marshall : And a few tears wouldn't hurt.
Lily : Okay, would you freakin' marry me already?
UNK: Of course I'll marry you.
Lily : Of course.
UNK: But, um, until you see a ring on this finger,
Marshall : Don't expect me to put out.
Lily : Yeah, right.
Marshall : I'll give you this.
Marshall : That was a very creative use of syrup.
Lily : I can't even look mrs. Butterworth in the eye.
Lily : Oh, my god.
Lily : We're getting married!
Marshall : I know, I know.
Ted : It was a moment of happiness,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Followed of course by a moment of total panic.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : See, when they called off their first wedding,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Aunt lily took off for san francisco
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Leaving uncle marshall with the unfortunate task
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Of telling his entire family.
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : Yeah, so now she's gone and the wedding's off.
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : What do you call someone
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : Who just takes off and leaves like that?
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : What do you call that?
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : I think that that's a little strong.
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : I can't even believe
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : You would use a word like that.
UNK: [FLASHBACK]Marshall on the phone : Geez, grandma.
Lily : Man, I made a big mess
Lily : By canceling this wedding, didn't I?
Marshall : It's okay, baby.
Marshall : You're not just realizing that now, are you?
Lily : God, the idea of standing
Lily : Up there in front of all those people who hate my guts...
Lily : Just makes me want to run off to atlantic city
Lily : And get married today.
Marshall : Yeah.
UNK: Coming up at 11 : 00 :
UNK: Are there piranhas in the east river?
UNK: What you don't know... Could eat you.
Marshall : Robin! Stop the news!
Woman : What the hell? It's okay. They're my friends.
Lily : We're going to atlantic city to elope.