UNK: I know this turning into a bit of a disaster,
Lily : But believe me, it's better than the alternative.
Barney : You throwing a big, free party
Barney : With lots of booze and food and all your single,
Barney : Desperate girlfriends from college?
Barney : Yeah, glad we dodged that bullet.
UNK: : Judge! Judge, come on.
Lily : Come on, come on, come on!
UNK: Turn it off. Okay.
Lily : May we please get married today?
Judge : Now, normally I would say no
Judge : To a request like that, but you two impress me.
UNK: Hmm, just the fact that you've
Judge : Been together for ten years,
Judge : Standing by each other's side through thick and thin,
Judge : Never wavering.
Judge : What was that?
Lily : What was what?
Judge : That little look. What was that?
UNK: A look of love. Mmm.
Judge : You two have stood together
Judge : Through thick and thin, right?
UNK: You know, man, listen, yeah, I mean,
UNK: What's thick, what's thin? All... Yeah.
Barney : I have.
Judge : All right, what was that look?
Judge : What's going on?
Barney : They broke up over the summer.
Barney : Lily totally ran off to san francisco
Barney : And these two just had sex in the closet.
Barney : What? We're under oath.
Ted : No, we're not.
Barney : Yeah, we are.
Barney : He's a judge.
Ted : Wh... did we take an oath?
Ted : Do you even know what an oath is?
Barney : Uh, yeah.
Barney : Courthouse. Oath. We're under it.
Ted : Guys.
Marshall : It's looking like this isn't gonna happen.
Lily : No, marshall, we are gonna get married today.
Marshall : Baby, anyplace we go, we're gonna need a marriage license.
Lily : Except international waters.
UNK: So-so let's find a ship captain.
Lily : A ship captain can marry us.
Lily : There's boats all over this place.
Ted : Oh, is that what those wooden things are
Ted : Floating between the garbage?
Lily : This is a great idea.
Lily : This is gonna work. Let's go.
Lily : Excuse me.
Lily : Are you a ship captain?
Woman : This is my machine.
Marshall : I should go talk to her.
Robin : No, let me.
UNK: Blackjack? Yeah.
Lily : Well, I found a guy who said he'd be willing
Lily : To put his boat in my slip, so we're getting closer.
Robin : Okay, lil,
Robin : Why is it so important to do this today?
Ted : Because...
Lily : If we don't do it today, I just know we're gonna wind up
Lily : Having a huge wedding with a huge crowd
Lily : Full of huge midwestern people
Lily : Looking all disapproving and judging me
Lily : While sipping little cups of mayonnaise
UNK: And-and cracking runaway bride jokes all night long.
Robin : Nobody's gonna do that.
Lily : No, they're not because
Lily : I'm not gonna give them the chance.
Lily : I'm gonna find a ship captain
Lily : And we're gonna be married tonight.
Robin : Sweetie, this is crazy.
Robin : You're never gonna find a ship capt... Hey, lily.
UNK: Found a ship captain. What?
Ted : Yeah. First guy we talked to.
Lily : Ship captain.
Ted : How great is that?
Lily : See? See, this is destiny.
Lily : So, captain, can you take us out
Lily : To international waters and marry us?
Captain : I sure can. If there's two things I love,
Captain : It's bringing people together in marriage
Captain : And making $5,000.
UNK: What? Deal.
Lily : $5,000, okay, we can do that. Come on, everybody.
Lily : Fork over your cash. Don't think.
Lily : Just do it.
UNK: I can get us that money. How?
Barney : Have you noticed that all day today
Barney : Chinese guys have been coming up and saying hi to me?
Ted : Yes. Have you noticed I haven't asked about it
Ted : Because I'm too scared of the answer?
Barney : Well, those are my old gambling buddies.
Barney : Truth is... I used to come here all the time.
Barney : Play an old chinese game called
Barney : "shing hasabu shing".
Barney : Had a small gambling problem.
Barney : Actually, it wasn't so small.
Barney : I... Kind of lost my entire life savings.
Barney : But tonight, I don't know, I'm feeling hot.
Barney : I think I can win us that money.
Robin : No, we're not letting you gamble
Robin : All our money away.
Barney : Uh, it's not gambling
Barney : If you absolutely know you're going to win.
Barney : I'll get us that money.
Barney : I swear it... nay...
Barney : I oath it.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Now, I had been to a lot
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Of casinos before that night, and I've been to a lot
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Of casinos since,