Marshall : It's not like I had time to have a lap dance or anything.
UNK: I got a lap dance. You...!
UNK: Aw, your last lap dance ever.
Marshall : Right... What?
UNK: Robin arriving, wearing a "shirt boobs" : Okay, I'm here.
UNK: Right? Ooh.
Ted : Oh, god, the things people waste money on in atlantic city.
Robin : Does it smell like strippers in here?
Ted : That's weird, right?
Ted : Marshall and lily are getting married!
UNK: Yeah. Whoo! Hell, yeah, look at this.
Marshall : Oh, baby, this is it.
Marshall : Let's do this thing.
UNK: All right. All right.
Marshall : Hi.
Lily : We're here to get married.
Barney : Congratulations.
Woman : We offer a variety of packages to give you the special day
Woman : You've always dreamed about.
Marshall : We don't want any of that.
Marshall : Just your basic quickie wedding will be fine.
Marshall : Yeah.
Ted : You know this isn't vegas, right?
Robin : Well, sure.
Robin : In vegas, the casinos pump in oxygen.
Robin : Here, it looks like everyone brought their own.
Lily : What?
Woman : It also takes three days
Woman : To get a marriage license in new jersey.
Woman : The earliest I could book you for is Monday.
Lily : No, no, no, it has to be today.
Lily : That's the whole point.
Woman : Look, I don't know what to say,
Woman : But if you guys don't want to book a wedding for Monday
Woman : Or play a round of keno, I can't help you.
Woman : Thirty-five.
UNK: Wait, wait, wait, I don't understand.
Ted : People get married in atlantic city all the time.
Woman : Yes, they do, but they don't elope.
Woman : They choose atlantic city for its white-sand beaches,
Woman : World-class amenities, and exotic riviera feel.
Lily : Have you been outside?
Ted : There is half an orca whale
Ted : Rotting not 20 feet from the cabana.
Marshall : You guys, take it easy, guys.
Marshall : Are you sure about this?
Woman : About the marriage laws of the state
Woman : Where I work in a wedding chapel?
Woman : Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
UNK: Bright side : The bachelor party continues!
Marshall : Yes!
Ted : Continues? You mean "start." he means "start."
Marshall : We went to a strip club.
Woman : Twenty-seven.
Lily : Is there any way that we could get a license today?
Woman : You could go to the courthouse.
Woman : In some extreme circumstances, the waiting period
Woman : Can be waived, but you have to have a good reason.
Lily : Well, we're in love.
Marshall : What better reason could there be?
Woman : The last one I heard was, "I'm going to iraq tomorrow
UNK: "To defend my country," but, you know, give yours a whirl.
Ted : So, we went to the courthouse.
Marshall : God, this is taking forever.
UNK: Robin to Ted : Can't believe they're getting married.
Marshall : I know.
Ted : I am so proud of these two.
Ted : After all they've been through.
Ted : In fact, that crazy road has led them
Ted : All the way here to atlantic city.
Robin : Ted, up here.
UNK: Huh?
Robin : You were just staring at my shirt boobs.
Ted : No! I wasn't.
UNK: I-I was checking out the hot bod
Ted : Underneath the shirt.
Ted : Okay, look, maybe I was looking at your shirt,
Ted : But it's a, it's a funny, funny shirt.
UNK: Chinese 2 : Hey, it's barney!
UNK: Barney! Hi.
UNK: Chinese 2 : Suit up.
UNK: Chinese 2 : Legend.
UNK: Daddy.
UNK: Ah! American daddy.
Ted : What the hell was that?
Barney : A... Chinese guy?
Marshall : Hi. Hello.
Marshall : Uh, we need a marriage license,
Marshall : But we need to skip the waiting period because...
Lily : We're in love.
UNK: Woman 2 : Aw. I'm gonna waive
UNK: Woman 2 : This waiting period right now.
Lily : Oh, really?!
UNK: Woman 2 : Is what I would say if I could waive the waiting period,
UNK: Woman 2 : But, unfortunately, only a judge can do that.
Lily : Oh. Well, so can we see a judge?
UNK: Woman 2 : Absolutely.
Lily : Really?!
UNK: Woman 2 : Is what I would say if there was any chance
UNK: Woman 2 : Of you seeing a judge today, which there isn't.
Marshall : Why are you doing this to us?!
UNK: Woman 2 : 'Cause you're on candid camera!
Lily : Really?!
UNK: Woman 2 : Is what I would say...
Marshall : You know what? We get it.
Lily : Okay, this is a good plan b.
Lily : Judges are people.
Lily : People go to the bathroom. A judge is bound to come by eventually,
Lily : And we'll get married.
Lily : I'm sure we won't be waiting long.
Marshall : Geez, you go to a vending machine for 30 seconds.
Barney : Vultures.
UNK: Ted to Robin : Psst.