UNK: Ted from 2030 : But in all that time I've never seen a game
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Quite like this one.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : To this day, I have no idea how it was played.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But luckily, barney did.
Lily : Do you understand what's happening?
Ted : Not a clue.
Robin : Do you think he's winning?
Ted : I don't even know if he's playing.
Marshall : Wait, I get it. I understand this game.
Ted : No, you don't.
Marshall : I totally understand the game, theodore.
Marshall : Barney, split your tiles.
Marshall : You can triple your money if you find the jellybean.
Barney : Marshall, please.
Barney : Don't you think I know what I'm...
Barney : My god, you're right.
Ted : Wow.
Lily : It's beautiful.
Marshall : Thanks, barney. Did you guys see me?
Barney : I was on fire tonight.
Barney : Man, I can't wait to get back to the shore.
Barney : God, I love gambling!
Ted : When we get home, we're gonna go
Ted : To a little meeting. Okay?
Barney : Why can't I do it just a little?
Lily : Okay.
Lily : Let's get this started.
Barney : All right.
Captain : Okay, uh...
Captain : You guys want the serious one or the funny one?
UNK: Oh, I think... Serious would be best.
Captain : You sure?
Captain : I got a lot of great nautical jokes in there.
Captain : Like how you two float each other's boat, stuff like that.
Marshall : Yeah, serious is probably good.
Barney : All right.
Captain : "We stand witness today
UNK: "to celebrate the union of lily
UNK: "and marshall.
UNK: "Today, you two will become one,
UNK: "sharing your lives,
UNK: "the happiness, the sadness,
Captain : The frustrations and the joy..."
Ted : This is pretty cool.
Ted : I can't believe you never want to get married.
Robin : I never said "never."
Captain : "To declare your love
UNK: "and devotion to each other
UNK: "in front of friends and family,
Captain : All the people who matter most to you."
Judge : What was that?
Lily : What was what?
Judge : That little look.
Captain : You two just shared a look.
Lily : We don't want to do this.
Marshall : We don't.
Ted : Are you kidding me?
Ted : You guys are calling off another wedding?
Robin : After I spent all this money
Robin : On a bridesmaid shirt?
Barney : Did I bet someone that they'd call it off?
Barney : I did, didn't I? Who'd I bet?
Ted : You actually expect any of us are gonna
Ted : Come to your third wedding?
UNK: Yes. 'cause it's gonna be amazing.
Lily : Look, before I was afraid
Lily : To face marshall's family and-and I didn't
Lily : Want to do all that work,
Lily : But now that we're here...
Lily : I realize that I have to face marshall's family
Lily : And I really want to do all that work.
Marshall : So do I.
Marshall : And yeah...
Marshall : My family might still be upset with you.
Marshall : But when they see us up there,
Marshall : They're gonna see how much we love each other
Marshall : And none of that other stuff is gonna matter.
Lily : I love you, marshmallow.
UNK: I love you, too, lily pad.
Captain : I now pronounce you man and wife.
UNK: What?! What?!
UNK: What, is that not right?
Marshall : Are... We married?
Marshall : Did you just marry us? Weren't you listening?
Marshall : We don't want to be married.
Captain : Uh... I-I suppose
Captain : I could unpronounce you.
Both : Unpronounce us. Unpronounce us!
Captain : All right, I unpronounce you man and wife.
Lily : Oh, whew... That was close.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Uncle marshall and aunt lily got married for 12 seconds
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Somewhere off the coast of atlantic city.
UNK: Hey, guys. Both : Hey.
UNK: Ted. Ted.
Lily : Is robin here?
Marshall : Man, I hope so.