House : It'd be arrogant of me to assume that I'm better than God.
House : So, you're a faith healer? Or is that a pejorative?
House : Do you prefer something like "divine health management"?
House : Thought God might have mentioned that I was coming.
UNK: I'm OK with faith healer, Dr House.
House : That's a nice one. You didn't even go with,
UNK: "I see an H in a medical coat."
Boyd : - The nurses talk about you a lot. - Yeah, don't believe them.
House : I keep a sock in my pants.
House : Faith. That's another word for ignorance, isn't it?
UNK: I never understood how people could be so proud of believing in something
House : with no proof at all. Like that's an achievement.
Boyd : God's asking for our trust. You can't love somebody and not trust them.
House : Trust has to be earned.
UNK: You can't trust someone hiding in a closet.
Boyd : You don't trust anyone.
House : You seem lucid. There's no confusion, no lethargy.
House : What drugs have you been taking?
UNK: Nothing, some aspirin.
Boyd : I get focused on something, I forget to eat,
Boyd : next thing you know, I've got a hunger headache.
House : So, aspirin and hospitals are OK.
House : That's an interesting attitude for someone who's kept any number of people
House : from getting medical help.
Boyd : Just because I believe in prayer
Boyd : doesn't mean I don't believe in germs and toxins.
House : That bottle's been opened before. You refilled it at the water cooler.
Dad : - Yes. - How often do you do that?
Dad : Few times an hour. He likes to stay hydrated.
Dad : - You think germs might have gotten in? - I think water might have gotten in.
Wilson : - We can adjust your pain meds. - Again.
Wilson : Suppose we increase your oxycodone?
Grace : We both know the only reason I'm talking lucidly now
Grace : is because I did not take my full dose this morning.
Grace : You've done your best
Grace : and I have been a good soldier.
Grace : It's time we accept it's over.
Wilson : What about the trip you were talking about taking?
Wilson : You've wanted to see Florence since you were a teenager, right?
Grace : Yeah, go now all drugged up?
Grace : It's not exactly the trip I'd been dreaming of.
Wilson : OK, but you're strong, you're dealing with this
Wilson : and there is the right combination of pain meds out there. And we'll find it.
Wilson : Don't give up on us.
Wilson : And don't be startled by the sound you're about to hear.
Wilson : Excuse me.
Wilson : I have a friend with... boundary issues.
UNK: - Can this wait five minutes? - Is she dying?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Before the end of this consult?
Wilson : They could build monuments to your self-centeredness.
UNK: Patient, 15-year-old, faith healer, hotline to God.
Wilson : - What are his symptoms? - He is not a saint.
House : He figures out what's going on in people's lives
House : by watching, listening, deducing.
UNK: And you're worried about trademark infringement?
House : Then he passes on advice from God so he can watch them jump.
House : It's a power trip.
UNK: Oh, and there the similarities end. Why is he here?
House : I fear for the human race.
House : A teenager claims to be the voice of God
House : and people with advanced degrees are listening.
UNK: The majority of Americans believe in a personal god.
Wilson : - What are his symptoms? - Massive cramps, low sodium.
House : Turns out he's been drinking water non-stop,
House : God told him to purify his body.
Wilson : Huge water intake would cause low sodium.
House : Which would cause the cramping. Yeah, I got it.
Wilson : What, that's it? You solved it?
Wilson : You just brought me out here to rant because faith annoys you?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. He's all better.