House : Tie goes to the mortal.
Wilson : Did you know the Catholic Church keeps a doctor at Lourdes?
Wilson : He hears the same thing every day.
Wilson : But, out of the thousands of cases of people who have claimed to feel better,
Wilson : the Catholic Church has only recognized a handful as miracles.
Grace : But they do recognize a handful.
Wilson : Well, they're a church. It's what they do.
Grace : Look. For the past couple of years,
Grace : the world's been getting smaller.
UNK: Eight months, six months...
Grace : I watch a trailer for a movie and I think,
UNK: "Am I gonna be here when that comes out?"
UNK: But maybe there is still a horizon out there.
UNK: You know, maybe... Maybe I can make plans for a year from now.
Grace : Two years.
Grace : I like the view.
Wilson : The view is a lie, and if you believe it,
Wilson : you're going to crash so hard.
Wilson : Let me take new images of your liver.
Grace : You can't accept that it could be true.
Wilson : Well, if it is true, you shouldn't be afraid of proving it.
Foreman : Tuberous sclerosis is a genetic disorder.
UNK: It causes small, benign tumors to grow in various parts of the body.
Foreman : - In this case, the brain. - You said benign.
Foreman : They probably are, but benign or not, they're not in a good location.
Foreman : - We need to remove them. - You're talking brain surgery?
Chase : His symptoms are getting worse, which means the tumors are growing.
Chase : Surgery will correct it all, the chemical imbalance, the seizures,
Chase : the auditory hallucinations.
UNK: Hallucinations?
Foreman : Without the surgery, it's just gonna get worse.
Foreman : Might even be fatal.
Foreman : With the surgery, your son should be a perfectly normal 15-year-old boy.
Boyd : I'm not normal.
House : I need you to talk to my patient. I'll get this one.
Wilson : Why do I have the feeling you're plotting world domination?
House : Moses is refusing surgery. You have a gift.
House : People thank you for telling them they're going to die.
Wilson : If I can get him to agree to surgery, I want in on the poker game.
House : You would let this kid die just to get into a stupid game?
Wilson : You'd let him die just to keep me out?
UNK: Hi.
UNK: I'm Dr Wilson.
Boyd : I knew they'd send somebody else.
UNK: - That God has a big mouth. - House.
Wilson : Can I ask why you don't want the tumors removed?
Boyd : God put them there for a reason.
House : You think God needs a telephone in your head to talk to you?
House : Isn't he everywhere? It's not a long-distance call, is it?
Boyd : This is the way God does things, through natural law.
Boyd : If he went around doing big flashy miracles all the time,
Boyd : - nobody would need faith. - How come everyone else needs faith,
House : but you just get the guy screaming his existence in your ear?
House : Your turn.
Wilson : Do you think God wants you to die?
Dad : This is the way that the Lord often is with his chosen ones.
Dad : He gives the most trials to those that he loves the most.
House : How sweet.
House : You abdicate your authority, avoid those tricky parental issues,
House : like whether to let him drive at 16. Just let him die at 15.
Wilson : So, you believe your son is...
UNK: erm, a saint?
Wilson : The way I understand it, one of the hallmarks of a saint is humility.
Wilson : Now, someone with true humility would consider the possibility
Wilson : that God hadn't chosen him for that kind of honor.
Wilson : Well, he'd consider the possibility
Wilson : that he just had an illness.
House : You have a gift for manipulation.
Wilson : I listen, I have an actual conversation with people,