Wilson : which, shockingly, does raise the odds they'll be cooperative.
House : That's what I'm saying.
UNK: You read that kid and you manipulated the hell out of him.
House : Bring pretzels.
House : I know that knock.
House : Use your key, I'm not getting up.
UNK: Game's not till tomorrow night and those aren't pretzels.
Wilson : I took some images of Grace Palmieri's cancer.
UNK: Yeah?
Wilson : Her tumor's shrunk.
House : Don't tell my patient.
House : I want all the records on miracle woman.
House : Every test, every treatment she's ever had,
House : every question she's ever answered in this hospital.
UNK: And anything sent from previous doctors. Go back to neonatal if you have to.
UNK: Which part of "keep them away from each other" confused you?
Chase : They're friends. She thinks he saved her life.
House : Now we have obligingly offered medical proof
House : that his delusions are true.
Cuddy : They've withdrawn permission for the surgery.
Cuddy : I put the lawyers on it. Her tumor shrank?
House : I'm on it.
House : Tell Jesus that we need another 24 hours to normalize his sodium level.
UNK: He's already normalized.
House : Actually, tell Joseph. Jesus will know you're lying.
House : And I want you and Foreman and Cameron
House : to go over every line of every file on that woman.
Chase : Isn't he the one we're supposed to save?
House : The only way to save him is to prove that she is still dying.
Chase : MRI machine checks out.
Foreman : Maybe the radiologist mis-charted which machine they used.
UNK: I checked both.
Chase : This is insane, we're diagnosing a recovery.
UNK: What about six months ago?
UNK: Maybe there was a malfunction in her "before" pictures,
Cameron : some shadow that made the tumor look bigger than it really was.
Cameron : I'll go see what I can find out.
Foreman : Maybe it's a delayed effect from radiation.
Foreman : Sometimes it could take a while.
Chase : She hasn't had radiation for six months.
Boyd : - Here. - Nowhere. Her records...
Foreman : There's about a dozen appliances in every home that give off radiation.
Chase : Dosages that wouldn't hurt a hamster if it was tied to the machine for a year.
Foreman : If the machine's operating properly.
Chase : Sometimes remissions just happen.
Foreman : You think House will just shrug and say that
Foreman : if one of us doesn't check the home?
House : - Kings on nines. - Out.
Boyd : Thank you.
UNK: Wilson. This is a dry cleaner, tax accountant, guy from the bus stop.
House : This is Wilson.
UNK: Dry Cleaner : How come he gets a name?
UNK: Seniority. Hello.