UNK: Didn't remember my DVD player?
House : Well, if you wanted it,
House : you shouldn't have left it behind when you moved out.
Wilson : I get it. It's a drag watching porn on VHS.
House : I'll call you as soon as I'm done with it.
House : That's if you ever get a phone installed.
UNK: Oh, forget it. I'll come by and get it myself. After work, Thursday?
House : Won't be home Thursday.
UNK: No problem. I still have a key, I can let myself in and out.
House : I guess maybe I could bring it in tomorrow.
House : After all, how many times can you hit "pause"
House : at the part where Lindsay Lohan wins the spelling bee?
House : What is it about girls who can spell?
Wilson : - It's a math contest. - What is it about girls who can count?
Wilson : It's poker night, isn't it?
Wilson : You said weeks ago that I could play.
Wilson : - Stop making excuses. - Gotta go!
House : Building full of sick people. If I hurry, maybe I can avoid them.
UNK: The abdominal series showed no evidence of obstruction.
UNK: - What did you have to eat? - Chicken sandwich.
Boyd : We travel, lots of fast food.
Boyd : Thank you, I barely felt it.
Cameron : You're welcome.
Boyd : God told me you were kind.
Cameron : You talk to God?
Dad : God's presence often descends on Boyd to help him guide others.
Foreman : - This been going on long? - Since he was 10.
Boyd : God told me I would meet a woman healer
Boyd : who was harboring vengeful thoughts about a man she works with.
Boyd : That's God's job.
Cameron : I'll keep that in mind.
Cameron : - His urine is dilute. - What does that mean?
Cameron : Could mean that for some reason his kidneys aren't purifying
Cameron : the way they should, which would let toxins accumulate in his body.
Cameron : We'll run the blood work and see what it tells us.
Boyd : Thank you, I appreciate it.
House : God talks to him?
Chase : It's not psychosis. He's just religious.
Chase : The only medical issue that showed up on the blood work is low sodium.
House : No. You talk to God, you're religious. God talks to you, you're psychotic.
Chase : A lot of people experience their religion
Chase : as something more than symbolic.
Chase : That doesn't mean...
UNK: God ever talk to you when you were in the seminary?
Boyd : - No. - God's loss, our gain.
House : He's either psychotic or a scam artist.
UNK: He was actually really impressive.
House : Well, yeah, with the burning bush and all, it's quite the show.
Cameron : He was intelligent, polite, dignified. He's not a typical 15-year-old.
Foreman : And he told Cameron God wants her
Foreman : to stop being pissed at me over the article.
House : God knows you stole Cameron's article?
Foreman : He knows she's harboring vengeful thoughts.
Cameron : I'm over it.
UNK: I could tell that from the Berlin Wall of body language between you.
House : I'm shocked that he picked up on it. Low sodium. Check for Addison's?
Chase : No pigmentation and potassium levels were normal.
UNK: Cirrhosis?
Foreman : Liver feels fine, transaminases are normal.
UNK: We should monitor his saline intake to correct the low sodium.
UNK: No more than 1 meq per liter, per hour.
UNK: Let's push the patient history,
UNK: see if there's any evidence of drugs or other delusions.
Boyd : I'll take care of it.
UNK: You're gonna talk to a patient?
House : God talks to him.