House : Find anything?
Chase : Do you have any idea how many electrical devices give off radiation?
House : - All of them. - I'm going to be here all night.
House : Everybody's a whiner.
House : Be a doer, not a me-tooer.
UNK: Raise.
UNK: Gbs guy From Bus Stop : I'm out.
UNK: She's got at least four different types of pain pills here
Chase : and an LED device.
Wilson : I'll raise your raise.
House : Keep looking.
UNK: Fold.
UNK: Tax Accountant : You were bluffing, he knew you were bluffing.
UNK: Tax Accountant : Your luck's changing tonight.
Wilson : So, did they find anything?
UNK: Or are you gonna have to accept the fact
Wilson : that every now and then remissions happen?
House : This call had better be worth my time.
Chase : This is what happens when it's not our patient. We don't know enough.
House : - That's why you're there. - She's got a boyfriend...
House : Unless you think he's radioactive... who could show up any minute.
Chase : The honor of working for you is not worth a felony charge.
House : Give me a minute.
Gbs : I'm saying the odds of you having a straight flush are pretty low.
UNK: House?
Wilson : I'll fold.
Boyd : - Fold. - Fold.
Gbs : I'm screwed, aren't I?
UNK: Nine bucks for a straight flush.
House : He's not coming home. Relax.
House : There's nothing in this universe that can't be explained, eventually.
House : Take this game.
UNK: Only two people knew that you wanted in on it.
House : I didn't tell him...
Wilson : - I told you, I didn't tell him. - Why would you?
House : No, the only person he's been getting all intimate and conversational with
House : is your cancer chick.
House : How would she know?
House : The subject of my poker game
House : isn't likely to come up in the course of a patient interview.
UNK: Well, that's the kind of thing that you mention
House : to someone you're used to sharing the details of your day with.
UNK: Don't.
House : Your rabbi. Guidance counselor, parent.
House : She's not your mom, is she?
Wilson : I'm seriously saying don't.
House : - You've been having sex... - This is so not the place.
House : With our miracle woman.
Dad : Excuse me. May I talk to you?
Cameron : Of course.
Dad : Boyd's getting dressed, he's ready to check out.
Cameron : He can't check out without your permission.
Foreman : - His sodium level still isn't normal. - I told him.