Robin : Why is that still in your apartment?
Barney : I don't know. I just never threw it out.
Robin : Well, why not? Do you still have feelings for this girl?
Ted : Yeah. I'm madly in love with her,
Ted : And the only way I can deal with it
Ted : Is by holding onto a three-dollar tube of lotion.
Robin : Not three dollars! Try 14.
Ted : Why is this such a big deal?
Robin : Because I don't want to use some whore's moisturizer!
Ted : Whoa, she wasn't a whore.
Robin : Well, she's leaving expensive lotions all over town.
Robin : It sounds like a whore to me.
Robin : What else do you have
Robin : From old girlfriends just lying around?
Ted : Nothing. That's it.
Ted : Well, except for the phone booth.
Ted : And the lamp by the desk...
Ted : And the...
Ted : No.
Lily : No!
Lily : No!
Robin : Oh, ted!
UNK: Ah, the age-old question :
UNK: After you break up with someone,
UNK: What do you do with the stuff?
Robin : Question? Ain't no question, girl.
Robin : Obviously, he's got to get rid of it.
Ted : Which is obviously crazy
Ted : And obviously, I'm not gonna do it.
Robin : So we agreed that we would let you guys decide.
Ted : Yeah, like we did with marshall's pants.
Barney : Ah, the 2005 landmark case
Barney : Of lily v. The joey buttafuoco pants.
Lily : Huh?
Lily : Huh?
Marshall : Nice, right?
Robin : I'm gonna have to say no.
Robin : I don't want some
UNK: 16-year-old girl falling in love with you
UNK: And then shooting lily in the face.
Lily : Yes!
Barney : I vote they can stay.
Barney : "Check out the jackass in the parachute pants"
Barney : Is a good icebreaker.
UNK: Ted voix off : Ted.
Marshall : Ted? Ted?
Ted : Sorry, buddy, it's a "no" for me, too.
Ted : Oh, and by the way, bel biv devoe called.
Ted : Even they don't want those pants back.
Marshall : They were insanely comfortable!
Marshall : They were like pajamas you could wear outside.
Barney : Marshall, it's over.
Barney : We even gave you an appeal
Barney : And they didn't look any better with combat boots.
Lily : All right, well, let's hear the arguments.
Lily : Ted, you go first.
Ted : Okay. The fact that I still have things from ex-girlfriends
Ted : Is no big deal.
Ted : I mean, when I see the phone booth on the piano,
Ted : I don't think of jeannie radford,
Ted : I think of the good times I had backpacking through europe.
Ted : And when I see the lamp, I don't think of allison moses.
Ted : I remember when I was broke, just out of college,
Ted : And I really needed a lamp.
Ted : And when I see that throw pillow,
Ted : I don't think of lauren stein.
Ted : I think of that weird orange-brown stain
Ted : And how it got there.
Marshall : Creamsicle and turkey gravy,
Marshall : Not at the same time.
Robin : Well, that's adorable,
Robin : But from now on, when I walk into the apartment,
Robin : Here is what I will see.
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 1 : I'm ted's college girlfriend.
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 1 : He made me 12 mix tapes.
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 1 : How many has he made you?
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 2 : He calls you "sweetie pie"?
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 2 : He called me "sweetie pie."
UNK: Ex-girlfriend 3 : I'm stupid, but my rack is bigger than yours.
Ted : Really?
Ted : You can't look at a pillow
Ted : Without seeing my ex-girlfriend... a pillow!
Robin : Yes, ted, the fact that you still have that pillow
Robin : Is creepy and gross.
UNK: Well, you're creepy and gross.
UNK: Well, your mom's creepy and gross.
UNK: You're the... Order! Order!
Lily : I got to side with robin.
Lily : She's your girlfriend,
Lily : And if the stuff upsets her, you got to get rid of it.
Marshall : I've got to side with ted.
Marshall : Just 'cause you still have something
UNK: An ex-girlfriend gave you doesn't mean you're holding onto her.
Ted : All right, barney.
Ted : It all comes down to you.
Barney : I side with robin.
Ted : What?
Barney : Ted, your place is too cluttered.
Barney : It's like you're living in a bennigan's.
Robin : Or a danby's.
Robin : What, they don't have danby's in the us?
Ted : Really?
Robin : Well, then were do you get
Robin : Grizzly paw ice cream sandwiches?
Ted : Just stop, sweetie.
Ted : So I had no choice.