Ted : How can you not remember this?
Robin : Because it wasn't me.
Ted : Oh, right!
Ted : It was... My sister.
UNK: Ted voix off : You see, by the time you've hit your late 20s,
UNK: Ted voix off : You've dated a few people,
UNK: Ted voix off : But when you're in a relationship,
UNK: Ted voix off : It's common courtesy to pretend that you haven't.
Ted : Oh, my god, van helsing is on.
Ted : Remember when we went to see it?
Ted : We sat in the back row.
Robin : I've never seen van helsing.
Ted : That's right. I saw it with my sister.
Robin : My boss just got back from maui.
Robin : He said it was really romantic.
Ted : Oh, it's so romantic.
Robin : When were you in maui?
Ted : I... Went...
UNK: With my sister. With my sister.
Robin : Why do you always say that?
Robin : Look,
Robin : We're not 16.
Robin : We've both dated other people.
Robin : It's silly to try to act like we didn't.
Ted : You're right. We should just be honest.
Robin : Totally.
Ted : See that girl over there?
Ted : Three years ago,
Ted : I totally made out with her.
Robin : I don't want to hear that.
Ted : What? You said...
Robin : God, that is so insensitive.
Ted : Remember honesty...? You're a jerk!
Ted : Well, you're...
Ted : Confusing.
Marshall : Okay, so you have to have sex with one :
Marshall : Either classic mermaid; bottom half fish, top half human,
Marshall : Or inverted mermaid, top half fish, bottom half human. Go!
Barney : I don't know. Is she fat?
Marshall : Yeah, but it's a fish, so it's the good kind of fat.
Lily : Hot off the presses! I-I don't take flyers.
Marshall : You took one two seconds before you walked in here.
Barney : That's different. It was for a strip club.
Barney : Two bucks off wings.
Barney : How much is your flyer going to save me on wings?
Lily : Fine. It's a flyer from my play.
Barney : Oh, lily, I'd love to, but we're not in college
Barney : And I'm not trying to sleep with you.
Barney : So anyway, this mermaid...
Marshall : Hey, lily's friend asked her to be in this play,
Marshall : And it's gonna be really good.
UNK: Lily, I love you, but we're too old for this.
UNK: Asking someone to come see your play
UNK: Is like asking someone for a ride to the airport
UNK: Or to crash on your couch or to help you move.
UNK: Call a cab, book a room,
UNK: Hire some movers and repeat after me :
UNK: Friends don't let friends come see their crappy play.
Ted : Okay, first of all,
Ted : I've thought about it
Ted : And top half fish.
Ted : Second of all, we need you guys
Ted : To decide something for us.
Barney : Yes, you should break up.
Ted : So, earlier tonight...
Robin : Mm, we should get down to the bar.
Ted : I know we should,
Ted : But you just look so sexy in my red sweatshirt.
UNK: Ted voix off : Mm...
UNK: Mm... Mm...
Barney : Oh, god, why is this part of the story?
Ted : We're getting to it.
Robin : Damn, my face is so dry.
Robin : Is there any moisturizer around here?
Ted : Yeah, there's some in the bathroom.
Ted : Got to moisturize!
Ted : Got to keep that pretty face moist.
Lily : Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Barney : What's wrong with her? She hates that word.
Barney : What word, "moist"?
Lily : No! Seriously, stop!
Robin : So, anyway, ted goes into the bathroom
Robin : To get the moist...
Robin : Face lotion...
Robin : Wow, this is great stuff.
Robin : Now I know the secret to your great complexion.
Ted : What are you talking about? It's yours.
Robin : No, it's not.
Ted : Oh, well...
Ted : Then I guess it's lily's.
Robin : No, it's not.
Robin : Whose moisturizer is this, ted?
Ted : Um, my sister's.
Robin : So, in other words, some girl you went out with.
Ted : Um... I love you.
Robin : Disgusting. You let me put on the same moisturizer
Robin : As one of your exes?
Lily : It was probably carla's.
Lily : Her face was a train wreck.
Marshall : I'm don't think ted was dating her for her face.
Ted : Thank you, marshall.
Ted : Thank you so much.