UNK: So I had to get rid of everything
UNK: From my past relationships because
UNK: You don't keep things from your past relationships
UNK: Except, uh, where are your five dogs from?
UNK: Oh, that's right : Your past relationships.
Robin : What's your point, ted?
Ted : Well, you know how you said
Ted : You come over to my apartment,
Ted : And all you can see are my ex-girlfriends?
Robin : What, so when you look at my dogs,
Robin : All you see is my ex-boyfriends?
UNK: Good boy.
Ted : I do now.
Robin : That's ridiculous.
Ted : I thought you said you got rid
Ted : Of everything your ex-boyfriends gave you.
Ted : Well, yeah, but not my dogs. You said everything.
Robin : But not living things.
Ted : Well, tell that to the rare bolivian cactus I threw away.
Robin : Things with a heartbeat can stay.
Ted : Enjoying this?
Robin : Pickles, go get your ball.
Robin : Go get your ball.
Ted : Just admit it.
Ted : It was a little hypocritical of you
Ted : To make me get rid of all my stuff.
Robin : Well, what do you want me to do, ted?
Robin : Get rid of my dogs?
Man : Guess what position we did it in.
Ted : Yes. Yes, I want you to get rid of your dogs.
Robin : Um, no.
Ted : Really? Well, I say
Ted : We take it to the group, but I don't like your chances.
Marshall : She's not getting rid of the dogs.
Lily : What's the matter with you?
Barney : Even I wouldn't do that.
UNK: Yes! Ugh!
Lily : You can ask somebody to get rid of their iguana
Lily : After it poops in your hair, but not their dog.
Marshall : I miss jebediah.
Barney : Oh, I almost forgot.
Barney : Flyers for my new play.
Lily : Very funny.
Barney : Oh, it's not a joke.
Barney : It's my one-man show premiering tomorrow night.
Barney : And even though it's terrible and excruciatingly long,
Barney : I expect you all to be there since we're such good friends.
Lily : Oh, we'll be there.
Barney : Unless, of course, you just want to admit that you were wrong...
UNK: Never. Good.
Barney : Okay, I gotta go rehearse.
Barney : Oh, I almost forgot.
Barney : Bring a poncho; the first three rows get wet.
Robin : I'm sorry I didn't tell you where the dogs came from.
Ted : I'm sorry I asked you to get rid of them.
Ted : That was ridiculous.
Robin : So we're-we're okay?
Ted : Yeah, we're great.
UNK: Ted voix off : And I thought we were,
UNK: Ted voix off : But just as it did
UNK: Ted voix off : In the seventh act of aunt lily's play,
UNK: Ted voix off : Jealousy reared its ugly head.
UNK: Oh, yeah, baby, that's the spot.
UNK: ♪ So messed up, I want you here ♪
UNK: ♪ But now I wanna be your dog... ♪
Man : Dude, I gotta pee.
UNK: ♪ Now I wanna be your dog
UNK: Sorry, I... I gotta go.
UNK: ♪ Now I wanna be your dog...
Lily : Oh, he's really having trouble dealing with this, huh?
Robin : Yeah, he really is.
Robin : It's got me thinking, maybe I should get rid of my dogs.
Robin : Might be time to send them to the farm.