Robin : you have to admit that he is a lot of fun.
Marshall : I actually think he's quite intelligent for what he is.
Robin : - And what is he? - He's a dog.
Ted : - He's totally a dog. - You saw him hitting on someone?
Marshall : No, I didn't say, "He a dawg."
Marshall : I said, "He's a dog." As in, a dog.
Marshall : I think we've all noticed a few curious mannerisms.
Marshall : Or rather, doggerisms.
Ted : The tag's still on your jeans.
Nate : Where?
Marshall : You ready?
Ted : Good boy!
UNK: Good job!
Robin : That last one did not happen.
Marshall : Right, he dropped it.
Robin : He's not a dog.
Ted : Robin, it's fine. You wanted a dog, you got one.
Ted : And the best part is, he got his shots.
Nate : Got my shots.
Marshall : - You are so playful. - Nice job fetching those.
Lily : Guys, cut it out. Scooby, sit.
Marshall : So, Scooby,
UNK: if you're going to hang out with Robin,
Marshall : you should be properly vetted.
Ted : We hope our nosiness doesn't give you "paws."
Lily : How did you meet? Tell us the "tail".
Ted : - How did you "whisker" off her feet? - Shed a little light on the matter.
Lily : Did you send her an e-mail, or did you "collar"?
Robin : Stop hounding him.
Robin : Oh, geez.
Marshall : You're right. We don't want your new guy to "flea."
UNK: We're trying to make sure he's not a heel.
Ted : So, moving from Canada,
Ted : that transition must have been pretty "ruff."
Nate : Sure was. My part of Canada's pretty different from New York.
UNK: I bet it was an Incredible Journey
Marshall : - What part of Canada is that? Speak. - Labrador.
Lily : This isn't happening.
Robin : Why don't you go play some music on the jukebox.
Nate : No, I'm good.
Robin : - Shoot, dropped my keys. - I'll get 'em.
Barney : Guys, this is Nora.
UNK: Nice to meet you.
Nora : We were just passing by,
Nora : and I wanted to pop in for two reasons.
UNK: First, to let you know
Nora : that your friend is being a perfect gentleman.
Robin : - It's still early. - I'm being serious.
Nora : I had no idea that deep down, he's such a romantic.
Lily : I had no idea he had a deep down.
Nora : You should have heard him at dinner.
Barney : I like being single,
Barney : but secretly,
Barney : I want to have kids.
UNK: How many?
Barney : Three... one of each.
Barney : You?
Barney : Three.
Nora : All in an old stone house.
Barney : With ivy growing on it.
UNK: Cocktails on the patio.
Barney : And we must have a pool.
Nora : We?
Nora : A pool sounds brilliant.
Nora : Are you for real, Barney?
Barney : I really am.
Robin : Unbelievable.
Marshall : I know.
Nora : And the second reason we popped in is 'cause I need to use the loo.
Nora : But when I get back,
Nora : I'm dying to hear all about Mr. Softy here.
Barney : That's not a nickname that I...
UNK: The cardiologist : And that explains your 14-second cardiac arrest.
Lily : You promised you wouldn't lie.
Barney : I'm not lying.
Barney : Nora's really special.
Barney : In fact...
Nora : I think I'm...
Barney : falling in love with her.
Barney : I'm serious.
UNK: I'll stop you.
Lily : When Nora gets back here, I'm blowing the whistle.
Lily : Make sure it's not a high-frequency whistle,
UNK: we don't want to torture Scooby.
UNK: This is real.
UNK: And if you don't make me look good in front of Nora,
UNK: Ted, on the phone with Robin : remember I've got dirt on each of you,
UNK: and I am not afraid to spill it.
Lily : Barney, you can't blackmail us into lying to Nora.
Ted : Really?
Barney : Even if I were to mention, I don't know...