UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: Kids, the heart is a mysterious muscle.
UNK: You never know what's going on in there.
UNK: So after Uncle Marshall lost his father, he decided to get his heart checked.
UNK: And so did I...
UNK: and so did Lily...
UNK: and so did Robin.
UNK: And then Marshall went again.
UNK: Just to be sure.
UNK: There was only one holdout.
Barney : I don't need to go to a heart doctor.
Barney : I drink every day, I sleep three hours every night,
UNK: and I have multiple sex partners, I'm doing everything right.
Ted : Barney, come on, this is important.
Ted : We need you around for a long time.
UNK: Without you, we'd have to find an other sex-fueled animal to entertain us.
Robin : Actually, I'm thinking about getting a dog again.
Lily : Oh, can she? Can she get a dog, please Dad?
Ted : If you get a dog, I'm going to be the one stuck taking care of it.
Robin : - You wouldn't have to take care of it. - And who watered the philodendron
Ted : on your bookcase and sang it back to life?
Robin : That was made out of silk, Ted.
Marshall : What you need is indeed something that buries a bone,
Marshall : but I'm not talking about a dog, I'm talking about a man.
Robin : Here we go.
Marshall : You're clearly trying to fill a hole in her heart.
Marshall : You feel like the seventh wheel, because now Ted is with Zoey
Marshall : and Barney's with Nora and Lily's with Big Fudge.
Marshall : Big Fudge.
Barney : "With"?
Barney : I am not "with" Nora.
Barney : Wrong preposition.
Barney : Later tonight I'm hoping to be "on" Nora, right?
UNK: Or "under" Nora, right?
Barney : Or, we're all adults, I'll just say it...
UNK: "behind" Nora.
Robin : I don't know. This will be your second date.
Lily : Barney's got feeling for a girl.
UNK: Yeah. Penis feelings. Because she's hot.
Barney : Guys, as you know,
Barney : I only have one rule...
UNK: Barney said this a lot.
Barney : I only have one rule.
Barney : If you're gonna get it on in a Port-O-Potty,
Barney : do it early in the day.
Barney : I only have one rule.
Barney : Never screw over a girl whose last name ends in a vowel.
Barney : 'Cause she's got brothers.
Barney : I only have one rule.
Barney : Never date a girl with a hook for a hand.
Barney : Never go out with the same girl more than once.
Lily : Then why are you going out with Nora again?
Barney : There is an exception.
UNK: And it was always the same exception.
Barney : Unless she's hot.
Barney : Unless she's hot.
Barney : Unless she's hot.
Barney : And she is indeed hot.
Barney : Which is why nothing, not even God himself...
Barney : yeah, I said it, Beardy,
Barney : is going to stand in the way of tonight being legend...
Barney : Wait for it.
UNK: Team Who's this fucking mother ?
Barney : Nora, sorry I'm late.
UNK: I'm just getting over a cold.
Nora : How long have you been sick?
Barney : About 20 minutes. Can't seem to shake it.
Nora : I was going to say you look a little...
Barney : Handsome?
Barney : Rich?
Barney : Well-endowed?
Nora : Let's say well-endowed... with phlegm.
Nora : All right, let's go. It's bedtime.
Barney : The bed...
Barney : that's where all the...
Barney : happens.
Nora : Let's get you sorted out.
UNK: That night, Barney didn't take care of business.
UNK: Instead, Nora took care of Barney.
Nora : - Good night, Barney. - Good night, Mommy.
Lily : She nursed you back to health?
Barney : I didn't even see her boobs.
Barney : She just took care of me.
Robin : Hey, guys. This is Nate. Nate, these are my friends.
UNK: What's up? Nate Scooberman.
Nate : But everyone calls me Scooby.
Nate : I'd love to hang out, but I really gotta hit the john.
Ted : Yeah, it's right in here... Scooby.
Nate : Thanks, brah.