Beckett : Castle, what if this was a safe house?
Beckett : What if she knew that Hawke was coming after her,
Beckett : and she decided to hide out here until she could flee the country?
Castle : With a plane standing by? What was she waiting for?
Castle : No, no, no. Something is going on here.
UNK: The reason why she got this room
UNK: and she didn't want anybody to know about it.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : The safe is locked.
Castle : She got it to hide something. Come take a look.
Castle : I bet whatever Hawke was after, it's in there!
UNK: A place she knew would be safe
Castle : and knew no one would think to look for it.
Beckett : Which means it's still in there.
Beckett : Is there an override code?
UNK: Whatever's in there, it's the reason why she was killed.
UNK: BEEPS
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, this must be worth millions.
Castle : Tens of millions.
Castle : Looks like diamonds were our girl's best friend.
Gates : I've never seen anything like this outside of a museum.
Gates : Are you sure it's real?
Beckett : We stopped at a jeweler's on the way back,
Beckett : and he almost had a heart attack.
Gates : It has to be what Hawke was after.
UNK: But what was Alice doing with it?
UNK: Given the cash, the hotel room, and the private plane,
Castle : I'd say she was making a getaway.
Gates : Are you saying she stole it?
Gates : A trusted therapist to A-list clientele.
Gates : She was in the perfect position to work her way inside.
UNK: She's Ocean's 11. Minus 10. She's Ocean's one.
Beckett : Or maybe it's Ocean's none.
Beckett : I mean, Alice was successful, she was respected,
UNK: she was at the top of her game.
Beckett : Why would she risk it all by stealing a diamond?
UNK: Which brings up another problem.
Ryan : I spoke to the boys in Robbery and at the FBI.
Ryan : No one has reported a diamond like this stolen.
Ryan : Not just recently. Ever.
Gates : Then where did it come from?
Beckett : And if it was stolen, why haven't the owners reported it?
Castle : What if it's because they couldn't afford to?
Castle : Because the diamond has some kind of sordid past.
Castle : Perhaps it's like the Hope Diamond, it's cursed.
UNK: Or maybe it's an occult gem of great power
Castle : smuggled out of Nazi Germany shoved up someone's...
Gates : Thank you, Mr. Castle.
Beckett : Someone knows where it came from.
Beckett : Someone sent Barrett Hawke after Alice to get it.
Castle : Maybe the diamond could tell us.
Castle : What do you mean?
Castle : Well, you said it yourself.
Castle : You've never seen anything like this outside of a museum.
Castle : Diamonds this big are famous. They have names.
Castle : The Akbar Shah, the Angola Star, the Excelsior.