Beckett : Crystal? Mrs. Warner, that is the same stone.
Janet : Detective, you're mistaken. They only look similar.
Beckett : Then I suppose you won't mind
Beckett : if we send one of our detectives home with you to look at it.
Beckett : Just to be sure.
Steve : I think we're done here.
Steve : If you have any more questions, you can direct them to my attorneys.
BECKETT : Of course they're lying.
Beckett : But the real question is why are they lying?
Castle : Given their net worth, better to take a $60 million loss
Castle : than be connected with a dead body.
Beckett : No, Castle, it's more than that.
Beckett : If they knew that Alice stole that diamond,
UNK: they should've gone to the cops. But they didn't.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Probably because, if they did,
Castle : that would mean having to reveal where the diamond came from.
Castle : There's gotta be a reason why no one's heard of it.
Castle : And it must be a nefarious one.
Beckett : Which means they would do anything,
Beckett : outside of going to the cops, to get it back.
ESPOSITO : You may be right.
UNK: So a uniform just talked to the doorman at the Warners' building in Tribeca.
Esposito : He says he buzzed Hawke up to their penthouse yesterday morning.
Beckett : And Alice was killed last night.
Castle : Looks like New York's famous fixer is in a bit of a fix. CHUCKLES
UNK: So I visited some friends in Tribeca. Doesn't prove anything.
Beckett : Why were you at the Warners'?
Hawke : I needed to use their bathroom.
UNK: Are we really gonna dance this dance again?
UNK: 'Cause I got better things to do.
Beckett : Sit down!
Beckett : Now, Mr. Hawke!
Beckett : You're not walking away from this one.
Beckett : I've connected you to the Warners, the Warners to the stone,
Beckett : the stone to the dead girl, and the dead girl back to you.
UNK: And then there is also the matter
Beckett : of the armed assault on two NYPD detectives.
Hawke : I did not kill Alice Clark.
Hawke : And I had nothing to do with any assault.
Beckett : Then who did?