Peters : in my entire tenure at the AGF.
Peters : No. The origins of this stone are a complete mystery.
UNK: Can you tell me how you came to possess it?
Esposito : It's evidence in an ongoing investigation, so...
Ryan : What can you tell us about this diamond?
Peters : I should like to run additional spectrometer and imaging tests on it,
Peters : but, for the meantime, let me start with the four C's.
Ryan : Color, cut, clarity, carat.
Ryan : You'd know this if you ever bought an engagement ring.
Peters : The diamond is colorless.
UNK: No blemishes, so a pristine cut.
Peters : No internal clouding
UNK: and nearly 100 carats.
UNK: Whew!
Esposito : Man! Hey, how deep would my pockets have to be to afford a rock like that?
Peters : Detective, you are not tall enough to have pockets deep enough.
UNK: But I would say it's worth $60 million.
UNK: Conservatively.
Esposito : Yeah, I ain't that tall.
UNK: 6-0? Like, with another six zeros after that?
UNK: That would be 60 million, yes.
Beckett : Is it possible it's an heirloom passed down through generations
Beckett : and that's why there's no record of it?
UNK: Nah, Peters said that old-school cutters
Esposito : fashioned diamonds with sharp edges.
Esposito : This one has smooth edges,
UNK: which means it had to be cut within the last few decades.
Ryan : And no Customs declaration means it was smuggled in,
Ryan : probably from the country where it was mined.
Gates : Were we able to connect any of Alice's clients to the diamond?
Beckett : We're still going through them, but no, not yet.
UNK: Peters said he also found some glue residue on the stone,
Ryan : which suggests that it was set in a piece of jewelry.
Castle : For engaged men everywhere, I can only hope it wasn't a ring.
Gates : Get that rock back to the precinct.
UNK: I want it under lock, key, and armed guard.
Esposito : We're on our way.
UNK: So, we thinking the same thing?
Ryan : That it's a bummer we can't stop for lunch,
UNK: because there's a $60 million diamond sitting between us?
Esposito : No. That because of the $60 million diamond sitting between us
Esposito : that we are not-really-but-kinda-sorta
Esposito : thinking about making a run for the border.
Ryan : Hadn't even crossed my mind.
Esposito : Of course it didn't.
Esposito : Nope, you wouldn't have the stones.
Esposito : All I'm saying.
Esposito : - You breathing? - Yeah. For now.
Esposito : Gun! Get down!
UNK: There's three of them! The diamond!
UNK: Subway entrance, seven o'clock. I'll cover. Go!
UNK: Go!
Ryan : - You all right? - Yeah.
Esposito : I'm good.
GATES : The SUV took off right after you hit the subway.
Gates : We're pulling traffic footage,
Gates : and we've got every cop in the city looking for it.
Beckett : And you said they were wearing masks?
Ryan : Yeah, clown masks.
Castle : As if clowns weren't creepy enough.
BECKETT : What about their voices?
Beckett : Did they say anything? Did they have accents?
Esposito : They let their bullets do the talking.
RYAN : Captain, they attacked us in broad daylight.
Ryan : They knew we had the rock.
Ryan : Now, either Barrett Hawke has gone commando all of a sudden,