UNK: Okay.
Beckett : I need you to tell me everything you know about that mugging.
Beckett : Where were they when it happened?
UNK: While they were walking home from the Amnesty benefit.
UNK: And how did Alice pull it off?
Beckett : She didn't.
Hawke : The Warners said the mugger wore a ski mask, but was definitely male.
Gates : Alice had an accomplice?
Beckett : If Hawke's telling the truth, then there's another player involved.
Beckett : Someone who knew that the diamond was real and used Alice to get it.
Gates : Do you think Alice was under duress? That someone was forcing her to help?
CASTLE : Threatening to kill her?
Castle : It would explain why she did it.
Castle : And why she was trying to disappear.
Esposito : Hey, we got a hit on our clown car.
Esposito : Uniforms found it abandoned by the East River.
Ryan : SUV's been bleached and torched.
Ryan : CSU's scouring it for clues, but it seems like it was a high-level job.
UNK: And Tory has something on the mugging.
Tori : Okay, now, according to Hawke,
Tori : the mugger snatched the necklace at 11 : 00 on 52nd Street
Tori : and bolted south on 8th.
Tori : Unfortunately, there are no street or security cams in the vicinity,
Tori : but a 911 call came in two minutes later from 49th and 8th.
Tori : Three blocks away.
OPERATOR : 911, what's your emergency?
WOMAN : There's been a hit and run!
OPERATOR : What's your location? I'll send an ambulance.
WOMAN : No, you don't understand! I hit someone, and he ran!
OPERATOR : He ran?
WOMAN : Yeah, a man dressed all in black, wearing a ski mask.
Woman : He came out of nowhere!
UNK: That's got to be our guy. Get over there, get a full description.
Woman : I can still hear the sound of his body going "thunk" on my hood.
Ryan : Do you remember what he looked like?
Woman : No. The whole thing was a blur. Just that god-awful sound.
Woman : He hit so hard he left a dent.
Woman : But when I got out of my car,
Woman : he just pushed himself off and ran down 49th.
Woman : Here, I'll show you.
Woman : His hands were up like this. And then...
Ryan : - Thank you. Thank you very much. - CELL PHONE RINGING
Esposito : I'll call CSU.
Ryan : Ryan here.
UNK: Yes, Detective. Edward Peters here.
UNK: I believe we have a new insight into your diamond.
Peters : After reviewing test results on the stone,
Peters : my colleagues and I all reached the same conclusion.
Ryan : Which is?
Peters : The diamond is flawless.
Peters : Flawless beyond anything nature could create.
Ryan : Are you saying it's fake?
Peters : No, it's composed of carbon and entirely real.
Peters : But it is man-made.
Ryan : What are you saying, man-made?
Peters : There have long been industrially-produced diamonds,
Peters : carbon under heat and pressure, mimicking Mother Nature in a lab.
Peters : But typically the stones are small or of inferior quality.
UNK: So it's not worth $60 million.
UNK: No.
Peters : It's actually worth infinitely more.
Peters : In fact, it's priceless.
UNK: Priceless?