Beckett : So you think she was involved in the blood diamond trade?
Castle : I think it's a story that writes itself.
Castle : A young primatologist in an unstable region
UNK: falls for a different kind of guerilla,
Castle : a warlord who is funding his bloody agenda with diamonds.
Castle : He gives her one as a gift...
Castle : No, no, go back.
Castle : She's not that into him, and she steals the diamond,
Castle : having no idea its real value.
Castle : She smuggles it back to the United States,
UNK: but finds she can't sell it without attracting too much attention.
Castle : So she hides it.
Castle : Until one day, a jilted and well-read warlord
Castle : finds a book, and sees her photo on the back.
Castle : Knowing what she stole, he comes after her.
UNK: That is surprisingly plausible.
Castle : I know, right? It's actually... It would actually explain a lot.
Castle : Why she was planning to disappear,
Castle : why Esposito and Ryan were shot at in broad daylight.
Castle : That's actually a perfect theory.
UNK: Maybe, Castle. But you know what? I might have a better one.
Beckett : What do you know about Steve Warner?
UNK: Uh... Tech entrepreneur?
Beckett : Yeah. Apparently, he and his wife were Alice's clients.
Castle : And what? They had business contacts in diamond-producing countries?
Beckett : No. But their charitable foundation does.
Beckett : Primarily in Africa,
Beckett : delivering immunizations to developing and war-torn countries.
Castle : Okay, but what makes your heroic philanthropist story
Castle : better than my crazed warlord story?
UNK: This.
Beckett : That's Steve and Janet Warner
Beckett : at the Amnesty Global benefit two nights ago. Janet's on their board.
Beckett : You recognize anything?
Castle : Hello, gorgeous.
Beckett : Mr. And Mrs. Warner, thank you so much for coming.
UNK: Steve Warner : Of course. We can't tell you how shocked we were
UNK: Steve Warner : to hear about Alice.
UNK: How long had the two of you been her clients?
Steve : A couple of years.
UNK: Janet Warner : She saved our marriage.
UNK: Janet Warner : Being a power couple isn't easy. Alice understood that.