UNK: Yeah, of Linus' feelings.
Castle : It's just, I bought Linus with my first royalty check from In a Hail of Bullets.
Castle : He's my totem. Wild and untamed. And my bedroom is my lair.
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
UNK: I know, Castle, but isn't it kind of our lair now?
Castle : But Linus the Lion is part of my identity.
UNK: You don't wanna strip me of my identity, do you?
Beckett : No. You know what? You're right. I'm sorry.
UNK: Um...
UNK: I can just stay at my own place.
UNK: Thanks. Wait, no. That's not...
UNK: So, Ryan. What do we got?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Victim is Alice Amy Clark, 37. GSW to the chest.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : A parking attendant found her an hour ago.
UNK: Apparently, she's some kind of therapist,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : has an office here in the building.
UNK: Wait, Alice Clark? Not the Alice Clark?
UNK: Relationship guru to the rich and famous?
UNK: Author of Mating Rituals : A Field Guide to Relationships?
Beckett : You know her?
Castle : By reputation only.
Castle : She has the idea that
Castle : we can improve our relationships by acknowledging our animal nature.
Castle : The instinct to protect and nurture, for example,
Castle : by, say, offering to share one's lair.
Ryan : Well, speaking of animal nature, you should see the inside of her car.
Beckett : Oh, wow.
RYAN : It's been completely torn apart.
UNK: Lanie Parish : And from the spatter pattern,
UNK: Lanie Parish : it looks like all of this was done after she was killed.
Castle : So they killed her, then they killed her car?
Beckett : So they were looking for something.
Ryan : Yeah, and it wasn't her wallet, phone or keys either.
Ryan : The killer didn't bother with those
UNK: or the 10 grand that we found inside her purse.
UNK: That's a lot of walking-around money, even for a best-selling author.
Beckett : So if they weren't after the money, what were they looking for?
Beckett : When did this happen?
Lanie : Based on body temp and lividity, I'd say between 6 : 00 and 8 : 00 last night.
Beckett : Did you get a look at security cams?
UNK: The garage doesn't have camera coverage,
Ryan : but other parts of the building do.
Ryan : They're pulling tape for us right now.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : Somebody calling her?
Ryan : No. It's some kind of reminder alarm. Keeps going off every few minutes.
UNK: N-F-1-9-4-5.
Ryan : Esposito's with her assistant upstairs. He might know.
KYLE : I don't know anything about it.
UNK: But I left the office around 4 : 30 to go help set up.
UNK: When she didn't show, I knew something was wrong.
Esposito : Was she expecting anyone after you left? Any appointments?
UNK: No. In fact, she had me cancel them all for yesterday.
Esposito : Any reason?
Kyle : I assumed she wanted time to prep for the lecture.
Kyle : She spent most of the day in her office.
UNK: The only call she took was from her boyfriend, Matt.
Esposito : Did she mention having anything of value on her?
UNK: Something that someone might've been looking for?
Kyle : No. Why do you ask?
UNK: The whole place was turned inside-out. Just like the car.
UNK: - BECKETT : And what was taken? - Nothing valuable.
UNK: Computers, iPads, artwork, all the obvious stuff was still there.
Castle : So what were they looking for?
Esposito : I don't know. The assistant said that they went through her client files.
Esposito : Alice counseled some serious VIPs. CEOs, politicians, generals.
Esposito : And she took very detailed notes of every session.
Castle : The most intimate details of the world's elite?
UNK: People have been killed for a lot less.
Beckett : Are there any files missing?
Esposito : Well, the assistant is combing through them now,
UNK: but it's gonna take some time.
Ryan : All right, so I scrubbed her building's security video and check this out.
Ryan : This guy went up to Alice's office floor
Ryan : near the tail end of our time-of-death window.