UNK: Chandler to Joey : At what point did it stop being funny that I took her passport?
Monica : Oh, wow, can you believe you're only three weeks away?
Rachel : I know.
Monica : - You don't mind me touching your belly? - I don't mind you touching my belly...
UNK: ...but your hand's kind of blocking the part where the baby's gonna come out.
Chandler : - Hey! - Hey.
UNK: Hi, Erica. Welcome back to town. Wow, look how big you've gotten.
Erica : That's because I'm pregnant.
Ross : - Right. No, I understand. - Oh, okay.
Erica : I'm just always afraid that people think I'm just fat with big breasts.
Ross : No, no, I knew.
UNK: Monica to Ross : - Okay, well, stop staring at them. - She brought them up.
Ross : I didn't realize you were coming back so soon.
UNK: In a couple weeks I won't be able to travel.
Monica : And I wanted her to get to know the doctors and get settled into the hotel.
Ross : - Why isn't she staying with you guys? - Because we're moving in a couple days.
Erica : Plus, hotels are fun! My room has this little fridge full of free snacks.
Ross : Erica, those things aren't free.
Ross : They have one of the highest markups of any consumer product...
Monica : Ross, she's giving us her baby. She can eat you if she wants.
UNK: Erica standing Up : I'll be right back.
Ross : Oh, man, I can't believe you guys are leaving this place.
Erica : I know. I know.
UNK: You know, you could take it if you want. The lease is still in Nana's name.
Ross : No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad.
Ross : Plus, how much a month does it cost to feed Joey?
Monica : Yeah, it takes two incomes.
Ross : Is Chandler here? We talked about catching a movie.
Monica : Oh, no, he doesn't have time for that.
Monica : You can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room.
UNK: Packing. Sexy cheerleader comedy.
Monica : Helpful brother. Creepy loner at teen movie.
UNK: "Creepy..."
Ross : - What are you guys doing? - Try it. I can't feel a thing.
UNK: Monica enters The Room : Are you kidding?
UNK: Monica enters The Room : - This is packing? - We're taking a break.
UNK: From?
Chandler : Jumping on the bed.
Monica : All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours, and there's a lot to do.
UNK: Ross, you've got Geller blood. You're in charge of these yahoos.
Ross : - You got it. - All right.
Ross : All right, she's right. We gotta get serious.
Ross : Let's put Styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
Chandler : No, guys, she's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet.
UNK: Joey, you pack them, and Ross, you repack whatever Joey packs.
Joey : You guys hear a ringing?
Chandler : - What the hell is this? - Hey, handcuffs. And fur-lined. Nice.
UNK: I didn't know you guys had it in you.
Ross : Chandler, you don't have a sister, so you can't understand...
Ross : ...how much this bums me out.
Chandler : I didn't know Monica had these.
Joey : Maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard.
Chandler : Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky.
Chandler : I once did a naked dance for her with scarves.
Ross : Bumming hard, guys. Bumming hard.