UNK: SOFTLY Okay, here's the plan.
Mickey : Doc, act like you're having a seizure.
UNK: Sue Williams : Excuse me?
UNK: And then, Sue, you squirt out a few tears. Beg Emma to help him,
Mickey : when she does, boom, I take her out, we end this,
Mickey : then we meet at the bar around the corner and the first round's on me.
Kogan : Are you out of your mind?
Sue : That is the dumbest plan ever.
UNK: Fine. I'll do it by myself.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Castle : It's Castle.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: - And I brought donuts. - Hey.
UNK: Um, gluten-free?
UNK: Dude, they're donuts. Either you're in or you're out.
UNK: EMMA SIGHS
Emma : You find out anything?
Castle : Emma, what do you know about Angelo's trips to Scarsdale?
Emma : Nothing. He wouldn't tell me.
Castle : Is it possible he was there casing a house for a burglary?
UNK: What?
Emma : No. That's ridiculous.
UNK: Do the initials "S.H." Mean anything to you?
Castle : Could someone from Angelo's criminal past have come back?
UNK: Wait. Look, that was all petty stuff when he was a kid. That's all.
UNK: Yes, but he wasn't a kid anymore. The stakes were higher.
Castle : He was out of work. He wanted to surprise you on your birthday.
Castle : Maybe propose.
Castle : What if he got into trouble trying to make that happen?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Where's Castle?
Ryan : He's not in there, is he?
UNK: Why?
Esposito : We found something. Something about Emma.
Castle : Emma, let these people go.
Castle : It worked. You got my attention. There's hope now.
UNK: SNIFFLING
UNK: No. Uh-uh. Not until my name is cleared. No.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : - It's Beckett, I'm... - Go.
Castle : Hey, Beckett.
Beckett : Do not react to what I'm about to tell you.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Emma has been playing you this whole time.
Castle : Interesting. Can you elaborate?
Beckett : Angelo is not her first victim. She's done this before.
Beckett : She has a sealed juvie record under her original name, Emma Jones.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Beckett : When she was 16, she killed her foster brother, Billy Koss.
Beckett : Apparently she got drunk,
Beckett : lured him into their basement and then stabbed him with a knife.
Castle : Well, that's a coincidence.
Beckett : Also known as an M.O.
Beckett : Castle, it's exactly what she did to Angelo.
Beckett : She's unstable. You need to get out of there. Now.
UNK: GUN COCKS
Emma : Don't say another word. Hang up.
UNK: She told you about Billy Koss, didn't she?
Castle : - Look, Emma... - Back up!
Emma : I am not a murderer.
Castle : Says the lady pointing a gun at me.
Emma : You weren't supposed to find out about Billy Koss.
Roman : I mean, what is the point of a sealed record
Emma : when the cops can open it whenever they feel like it?
Castle : I'm sure they got a subpoena first.
UNK: And I'm sure they all had a laugh off all the adjectives describing me, right?
Emma : Manic. Bipolar. Violent. Murderer.
UNK: Well, not to be a stickler, but "murderer" isn't an adjective.
Emma : I'm not an idiot.
UNK: Sorry. I just get sarcastic when I'm nervous.
Emma : That's not what I was talking about.
UNK: Look, I knew what you were going to think.
Emma : Two deaths, happening the exact same way.
Emma : That's why I didn't tell you.
UNK: But I am innocent. I didn't kill Angelo. I didn't!
UNK: If that's true, Emma, and you want me to help you,
Castle : you have to tell me everything.
UNK: EXHALES
Emma : When I was 16, I was sent to this foster home.
Emma : Twin orphans lived there. The Koss brothers.
Emma : Warren and Billy.
Castle : What happened?
Emma : Those two bullied me for weeks.
UNK: The foster parents were in it for the money, so they didn't care.
Emma : But then one day, the twins were nice to me all of a sudden.
Emma : You know, I thought they, um...
Emma : I thought they finally accepted me, you know?
UNK: So we... SNIFFLES
UNK: We went down into the basement, we drank schnapps and then...
Emma : Billy pulled a knife on me.
Emma : I was just trying to stop him.
Emma : I didn't mean to.
UNK: But then when the cops came, Warren lied.