Emma : He said I pulled the knife on them, and they just took him at his word.
Castle : Which is why you hate cops.
UNK: But I didn't kill Angelo.
Emma : I didn't. You have to believe me.
Castle : I do, Emma. I believe you.
Castle : But why were Angelo and Billy's deaths staged exactly the same way?
Emma : I have no idea. I don't know.
Castle : Has to be someone who knew something about your past.
Emma : Yeah, I mean, I guess so. But who?
UNK: Warren Koss.
Castle : What better way to get revenge for the death of his brother
Castle : than by killing your boyfriend and pinning the murder on you?
Emma : No, it's not Warren.
Emma : Warren's doing eight years in Sing Sing for assault.
Castle : - You kept track of him? - Of course.
UNK: He's the reason why I changed my name.
Emma : I mean, I have been really careful about staying off of Warren's radar
Emma : ever since he testified against me in court.
Emma : He almost got me thrown in prison for life.
Emma : If it wasn't for the sisters of Saint Helena's Home for Children, I...
UNK: Whoa. Go back. Saint Helena's Home for Children, where is that?
Emma : In Yonkers.
Castle : The note we found in Angelo's jacket said "S.H. Off Saw Mill River Parkway."
Castle : S.H. Has to be Saint Helena's. Yonkers is off Saw Mill River Parkway.
Castle : Somehow Saint Helena's is connected to this.
UNK: But I'm... How? I mean, I haven't been back there in years.
Ryan : I spoke with Sister Francis at Saint Helena's.
UNK: She said that there was a break-in three nights ago.
Esposito : And they have a RAMCO 4700 alarm.
Castle : RAMCO 4700? That's the manual Angelo had in his car.
Emma : Why would he break into my old orphanage?
Ryan : We have a pretty good idea.
Ryan : Sister Francis checked the records room.
Castle : And Emma's sealed foster care file is missing.
Esposito : Looks like Angelo stole it.
Emma : But why would he do that?
Castle : To find out something about you?
Emma : No, I already told him everything about me.
UNK: SIGHS Oh, God.
Castle : Guys, let me call you back.
Castle : You figured it out?
Emma : I was given up for adoption when I was born.
Emma : Angelo knew I always wanted to find out where I came from.
Castle : And that file had your adoption papers with your birth parents' names.
UNK: I've tried to get 'em in the past, but they're sealed.
UNK: That's the surprise Angelo was gonna give you tonight at your birthday dinner.
Castle : The gift of knowing who your real parents are.
UNK: Watch out!
UNK: - Mickey, no! Mickey, stop it, Mickey! - No!
UNK: Put the gun down!
UNK: Mickey, drop it.
UNK: - Let it go! - GUNSHOT
UNK: EMMA SCREAMS
Roman : All units, full breach! Go! Go! Go!
UNK: God! Oh, my God! I just killed Richard Castle!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: It was her! It was her!
MAN : Get them up. Get them up.
UNK: We're gonna need the EMT right away! Let's go.
Beckett : Castle! Castle!
Beckett : - Cheeseburgers! - GASPS
UNK: Cheeseburgers.
UNK: GROANS Ow!
UNK: Wow, it worked! She dotted the "I"!
UNK: Richard Castle : - Yes! - Ah! Chest.
UNK: Ooh! That hurts.
Emma : All right. Yeah, well, getting hit by a projectile
UNK: traveling at a thousand feet per second's gonna sting a bit.
UNK: Yeah, I think that's gonna leave a mark.
UNK: All that matters is you're okay now.
Castle : I'm better than okay, Beckett. I know who the killer is.
Ryan : She shot you in the chest and you still think she's innocent?
Castle : No, she shot me in the chest and now I know she's innocent.
Castle : Thank you.
Castle : Don't you see? Just like that vest protected me,
Castle : Emma's adoption papers, they're protecting the killer.
Esposito : You know that made no sense, right?
Beckett : I think what Castle is suggesting
Beckett : is that one of Emma's birth parents may be behind all of this.
Castle : That's why Angelo took those records. To find her birth parents.
UNK: What if he found one of 'em? Perhaps living on Overlook Road in Scarsdale.
Castle : But what if that birth parent didn't wanna be found?
Castle : What if Emma learning the truth was a threat somehow?
RYAN : Castle, that's just speculation,