Esposito : It's right. Emma's dad is Aaron Stokes.
Ryan : - The real estate developer? - Yeah.
Castle : He's considering taking a run at governor.
Esposito : Yeah, and I wonder how the Governor's Mansion
Esposito : compares to his big house on Overlook Road in Scarsdale.
Beckett : And let me guess,
Beckett : - he's a client of Kirkpatrick and Young? - That's right.
UNK: Looks like Mr. Stokes is gonna be trading in his big house
UNK: for the big house.
UNK: LAUGHS
Gates : You ordered Aaron Stokes in for questioning? Are you serious?
Esposito : You told us to build our case, and Mr. Stokes is where it went.
Gates : This is a very powerful man
Gates : who happens to be golfing buddies with the Police Commissioner!
Castle : So because he has a standing tee-time with your boss,
Castle : he gets away with murder?
Gates : I'm handling the interview.
Ryan : What? No! Sir, this is our case.
Gates : Yes, and it'll be your jobs if there's any blowback.
UNK: I am not gonna have you two risk your careers.
UNK: Captain,
Beckett : I don't have a career to risk.
Beckett : How about I back you up in there?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Captain, I too have no career to risk.
UNK: Why don't I... Maybe I should...
UNK: You know, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna stay here.
Castle : - I think you guys got this handled. - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
STOKES : Why am I here?
UNK: Aaron Stokes : Do you know who I am?
Gates : Why do you think you're in this room, Mr. Stokes?
Gates : A room with no recording devices.
UNK: Okay.
Stokes : So what do you want from me?
Gates : We know that while you were married to your wife,
Mickey : you were having an affair with Stacy Moore
UNK: that produced a baby girl. Her name is Emma Riggs.
Gates : Have you been in touch with her, Mr. Stokes?
UNK: No, I've never seen her before.
Gates : What about her boyfriend, Angelo Vázquez?
Gates : Have you been in touch with him?
Stokes : No. Is Emma in trouble?
Beckett : Well, you could say that. She's under arrest for murdering Angelo.
Beckett : But don't worry, we know that she's being framed for that murder.
Stokes : Who's framing her?
Beckett : Did you know that Angelo stole her adoption records
UNK: from Saint Helena's Home for Children?
Emma : Saint Helena's?
Stokes : Stacy and I went there to make the arrangements.
Stokes : What was I supposed to do?
Stokes : Tell my wife I was having a baby with another woman?
UNK: Thirty-one years and not a day has gone by
UNK: where I haven't said to myself, "I should try to find her."
Stokes : And not a day has gone by where I haven't then said, "No. No.
UNK: "Maybe tomorrow."
Stokes : It's her birthday.
BECKETT : You still haven't answered my question.
Beckett : Did you know that Angelo stole those adoption records?
Stokes : What are you two getting at?
Gates : Look at it from our perspective, Mr. Stokes.
Gates : The last thing you need right now
Gates : is for some love child to emerge and destroy your marriage
Gates : and any chance of running for public office.
Stokes : Are you suggesting that I had something to do with this?
Beckett : We know that Angelo showed up at your home three days ago.
Beckett : Did you meet him then?
Stokes : I was in Chicago three days ago.
GATES : If that is true,
Gates : then why did you pay to unseal Emma's juvenile record?
Stokes : Where are you getting this?
Beckett : From your lawyer, Mr. Stokes.
Stokes : What lawyer?
Gates : Okay, this is borderline police harassment.
Vance : If you continue to hold me here against my will, you either need to...
Esposito : Just wait before you get all lawyer-y. We already know everything.
Ryan : Starting with you being Aaron Stokes' son-in-law.
UNK: So?
Ryan : So, when your in-laws were out of town,
Ryan : you were staying in their Scarsdale house.
UNK: So, when Angelo went to go look for Mr. Stokes, he met you instead.
Ryan : That's when he told you the story about Mr. Stokes' long-lost daughter, Emma.
UNK: STUTTERING Look,
Vance : yes, I stayed at my father-in-law's house.
Vance : But I've never seen this guy before in my life.
Ryan : You sure? Because,
Ryan : well, this is security footage from inside Angelo's apartment building
Ryan : taken about an hour after his death down at Emma's place.
ESPOSITO : Wait a minute, who... Who is that?
UNK: That...
Esposito : That's you.
Ryan : Using Angelo's keys to get in. How'd you get those?
Ryan : Now, I can only think of one reason that you'd break into his apartment.
Ryan : And that would be to find Emma's adoption records
Ryan : to cover up any link back to your family.
Esposito : Now according to this video,
UNK: you were inside that apartment searching for a good two hours.
UNK: But damn.