Esposito : You didn't think to look at the wrapped gift for Emma. Did you?
Esposito : Oops. Her adoption records.
Ryan : Up until then your plan was going perfectly.
Ryan : You spiked Emma's Scotch bottle with knockout drops,
UNK: then you swapped it out for an empty one.
UNK: That was pretty clever.
UNK: But not so clever to throw the dosed bottle away at your house.
Esposito : Yeah. We found the bottle in your recycle bin.
Esposito : It tested positive for chloral hydrate.
Esposito : Oops again.
Vance : All of this is circumstantial.
Vance : I mean, what could possibly be my motive?
Ryan : Your father-in-law helped us out with that one.
UNK: Your law firm represents the Stokeses.
UNK: Now you knew that they were about to transfer a majority of their wealth
Ryan : into a trust for their daughter, your wife.
UNK: And you didn't want some Little Orphan Annie
Esposito : coming around making a claim for half.
Ryan : That's when you decided to kill the one man who knew the truth,
Ryan : and frame it on the unknowing heir.
Esposito : There's just one thing that we're not so sure about.
UNK: You gonna make a deal and plea to murder?
UNK: Or you gonna take your chances in court?
Esposito : Do lawyers have lawyers?
CASTLE : Emma?
Castle : He confessed. It's over.
UNK: - Bullet. That's it. - Sorry.
UNK: - INHALES - Sorry.
Castle : Um, I hope you don't mind,
Castle : but someone wants to meet you.
UNK: I'm Aaron.
UNK: Emma.
Stokes : Happy birthday.
UNK: LAUGHS
Gates : Well, nice having you back.
UNK: Oh, it was nice to be back, even if it was just for one day.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Gates : Mr. Stokes. What can we do for you?
Stokes : Earlier, you two were only doing your jobs,
Stokes : but I assumed the worst, and I'm sorry.
Gates : Well, how are you doing?
Stokes : Not really sure.
UNK: But I do know this, I am going to be there for Emma this time.
UNK: No matter what happens at her trial, she's not going to be alone.
UNK: Well, I should leave the both of you to your work.
UNK: Captain, thank you for everything.
Stokes : You too, Detective.
Beckett : - Actually, I'm not a detective, but... - You're not?
Gates : Well, she should be, but your golfing buddy's budget cuts have
Gates : gotten in the way.
UNK: Really?
CASTLE : Wow.
Castle : And to think you boys mocked me when I had this made four years ago.
Castle : I think I'll have it framed.
Ryan : Hey, what does it say about your writing
Ryan : when your number one fan tries to kill you?
Castle : That was an accident.
UNK: Been one inch higher, it would've been a tragedy.
Castle : But on the bright side,
Castle : your autographed copies of Deadly Heat would be worth way more.
Beckett : - Not funny, Castle. - Little bit funny.
Castle : You know, Beckett, despite your fiancé's near-death,
Esposito : today was fun.
Ryan : Yeah, we miss working with you.
UNK: Good.
Beckett : 'Cause I'm back.
UNK: What? What... What?
Castle : What about the Commissioner's hiring freeze?
Beckett : Mr. Stokes had a conversation with the Commissioner
Beckett : and apparently he found some money.
Castle : So you are back. Which means I'm back.
UNK: STUTTERING Am I back?
Beckett : Yes, Captain Gates said that you can serve as a consultant again.
Castle : But how does that... Because now we're in a...
Castle : So, do we have to hide our relationship to keep it a secret?
Beckett : Well, the Commissioner is aware of it and said that it's okay
Beckett : as long as we behave professionally in the workplace.
Beckett : And Captain Gates said that that can be our engagement gift.
Ryan : Hey, everybody, listen up!
Ryan : Beckett is back!
UNK: ALL CHEERING
Castle : And tonight at The Old Haunt, drinks are on the house!
UNK: Nice.
MAN : All right!
Castle : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
UNK: I... Whoa. Actually, no, we can't. Not here. It's inappropriate.
Castle : This is the workplace, we've gotta be professional.
UNK: Uh, well, you know, I'm not officially back until tomorrow.
Castle : I see.