Lanie : from the kitchen butcher block.
Beckett : Emma's claiming that she's innocent.
Beckett : Is there any chance that someone else did this?
Ryan : No foreign fibers or prints. All evidence is pointing towards Emma.
Beckett : Any ideas on motive?
Esposito : Oh, yeah. This is Angelo's cell phone.
Esposito : Check out the text history between him and Emma.
Esposito : She was accusing him
Esposito : of having an affair with some chick up in Scarsdale.
Ryan : And we found this in Angelo's pocket. "S.H. Off Saw Mill River Parkway."
UNK: Saw Mill River Parkway is the way to Scarsdale from the city.
Ryan : S.H. Could be the initials of the lady he was seeing on the side.
UNK: And listen to this.
UNK: Emma texts Angelo last night at 9 : 47
UNK: saying she's drunk, lonely, and wants to see him.
Esposito : And here is an empty bottle of Scotch.
Esposito : Ladies and gentlemen, this is a booty call gone wrong.
BECKETT : None of this makes any sense.
Beckett : I mean, if she actually killed him,
Beckett : why isn't she asking for a flight out of the country?
Beckett : Why is she insisting that she's innocent?
UNK: Maybe because she's crazy.
UNK: I found Emma's prescriptions. Clonazepam and aripiprazole.
UNK: Lanie, aren't those antipsychotics?
Roman : One is, the other one's for mood disorders.
Lanie : Hey, you know, if Emma stopped taking her meds,
UNK: she could've had a psychotic break.
Beckett : Which means she wouldn't remember what she did.
Beckett : We have to warn Castle.
Esposito : Beckett, relax. He's just on the phone with the woman.
Beckett : No, he went in.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : Okay, let me call you back.
Emma : Did Detective Beckett find anything?
Castle : Emma, I can't help you if you're not honest with me.
Emma : But I have been honest.
Castle : You said everything between you and Angelo was all right.
Emma : Yeah, it was.
Castle : So you didn't suspect him of cheating?
UNK: No, it's just that he kept going up to Scarsdale without saying why.
Emma : - I'm sure it was nothing. - Are you?
Castle : Or could it be that you wanted to confront him?
Castle : And maybe that's why you texted Angelo last night
Castle : and invited him over?
UNK: What are you talking about?
Castle : Look at your phone, Emma.
UNK: Wait, I don't... No, I don't remember writing these texts.
Castle : Just because you don't remember doesn't mean you didn't.
Castle : Just like you only remember having one glass of Scotch.
Castle : But what if you had more?
Castle : They found your Scotch bottle, Emma. It was empty.
UNK: SCOFFS I didn't finish the bottle.
Castle : Maybe you did and you just can't remember.
Emma : That is ridiculous!
UNK: Um, uh, actually, it's not.
UNK: Dr. Abe Kogan : If someone's had too much to drink,
UNK: Dr. Abe Kogan : they can suffer what's called an "en bloc" blackout.
UNK: Dr. Abe Kogan : It prevents the brain from creating new memories.
Castle : Emma, you wanted me to uncover the truth.
Emma : No. Not you.
Emma : Please don't tell me that you don't believe me.
Emma : I didn't kill Angelo, okay?
Emma : I mean, I wanted to marry him! I wouldn't do this!
Emma : Oh, God.
UNK: God, did I? I...
Emma : What if I did? I don't...
UNK: Huh.
EMMA : What?
UNK: How do you text, "Love you"?
Emma : What do you mean?
UNK: When you write, "Love you," how do you spell it?
UNK: I do a sideways heart and the letter "U."
Castle : Right, except for last night, when you just spelled it out, "Love you."
UNK: No. Mmm-mmm. I never spell it out.
Castle : Yeah, and the voice in those texts from last night, it's different from the others.
Emma : As if somebody else wrote them?
Castle : Maybe, I don't know.
Emma : Well, if I didn't write these, that means that somebody else did, right?
Emma : Which means the killer used my phone.
Emma : You have to dust this for prints. Come on.
Emma : Come on. You have to find the killer.
UNK: - Wait, what? - You're not leaving us, are you?
UNK: No, I'm gonna get you out of here.
MICKEY : Like hell you are.
UNK: Look, if you or the cops aren't gonna do anything, I sure as hell am.
Emma : Shut up!
Emma : What are you waiting for? Come on! Just go, okay?
Castle : Mickey, don't do anything. Please.