UNK: SOBBING My boyfriend is dead.
Emma : And I know what it looks like. I do. I know it looks like I killed him.
Emma : - But I didn't kill him! I didn't... - Uh-huh.
Emma : Shut up!
Castle : Emma, please.
Castle : Stay calm.
Emma : I know what you're capable of, Richard Castle.
Emma : How you solve murders.
Emma : You want demands? Okay.
Emma : I want you to prove my innocence.
Roman : So, she wants you to prove her innocence?
Castle : Right. So I hate to break it to you,
Castle : but I don't think this is going to be a traditional hostage negotiation.
Beckett : Why you?
Castle : She's read all my books,
Castle : all those articles about you and I working homicides together.
Gates : So she's your number one fan, and this is some sort of Hail Mary?
Castle : Pretty much.
Castle : So, look, I think we should...
Emma : Don't tell them anything else.
UNK: Why?
Emma : Because they're cops.
UNK: Are you okay in there, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just gonna talk to her and then I'll call you back.
Roman : - Are you sure? - Yes.
Castle : No cheeseburgers. I repeat, no cheeseburgers.
Castle : Cutting down on red meat.
Castle : So, what do we do now?
Roman : SIGHS We wait.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : - But I... - But what?
Beckett : - Sir? - Excuse me.
UNK: Yeah.
Gates : What are you thinking?
Beckett : Sir, are you sure that this woman doesn't have a record?
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because she seems to have a deep mistrust of the police.
Gates : Well, obviously there's more to her than what's in the system.
Beckett : Look, I know I'm not on the job anymore, but...
UNK: You wanna work the crime scene.
Beckett : It can't hurt to have an extra pair of eyes.
Beckett : And the more we find out about Emma, the better chance we'll have
UNK: - of getting Castle and the hostages... - Go.
CASTLE : All right, Emma,
UNK: so you didn't kill your boyfriend.
Castle : Let's figure out who did.
Castle : As you know, all my stories start in the same place, in the beginning.
Castle : So tell me what happened.
Emma : - I got home late last night. - Why did you get home late?
UNK: Well, after work, I bought a dress
Emma : because today's my birthday.
UNK: Angelo was gonna take me out to dinner tonight.
Emma : He worked out some sort of surprise.
Emma : Said it'd be a birthday I'd never forget. CHUCKLES
Castle : Any idea what the surprise was?
Emma : A marriage proposal.
UNK: At least that was... That's what I was hoping.
Emma : That's why I bought the dress even though I couldn't afford it.
UNK: Just stupid, huh?
Castle : No, not at all.
Castle : So you have your dress, and?
Emma : When I got home, I poured my nightly two fingers of Scotch.
UNK: Scotch girl. Me, too. Well, boy.
Castle : And then what happened?
Emma : When I woke up in the morning, I...
Emma : I found Angelo on the floor, dead.
Emma : There was so much blood. It was...
Emma : But I don't know what happened. I...
Emma : I don't even know why Angelo was at my apartment in the first place.
Castle : - And what did you do? - I panicked.
UNK: I tried to get out of there and the cops came and...
Emma : Here I am.
UNK: Yeah, holding us at gunpoint. Talk about psycho girlfriends.
Emma : What did you say?
Sue : Are you trying to get us killed?
Castle : Okay. Okay, Emma, relax.
Castle : Ignore him. Just focus on me, all right?
Castle : - Did Angelo have a key to your place? - Yes.
Castle : But you didn't make any plans for him to come over last night?
UNK: No.
Castle : How were things going in the relationship?
Castle : - No problems? - Mmm-mmm. None.
CASTLE : How much Scotch did you have?
Emma : One glass. The two fingers.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Now I'm gonna need you to walk me through this again.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Girl, what are you doing here?
UNK: Uh, Captain Gates said that I could come.
Lanie : That's not what I meant.
Lanie : Shouldn't you be off looking at wedding venues or something?
Beckett : We haven't even set a date.
Beckett : We're just trying to enjoy our engagement.
Beckett : Why is everyone trying to rush us?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Think you're being rushed now, wait until after the wedding.
UNK: Not 10 minutes from the altar, they'll all be like,
UNK: "When are you two having a baby?"
UNK: Javier Esposito : Bro, your wife's hormonal because she's pregnant. What's your excuse?
Beckett : So, I take it this is Emma's boyfriend?
Lanie : He was until she stabbed him three times with a knife