Martha : So, please, feel free to join.
Pi : - Triple blade razors! Nice, Mr. C! - TELEPHONE RINGING
UNK: You know what? I think I'm gonna sleep in my own place tonight.
Castle : Think I might join you.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - What is this, a house meeting? - No!
Alexis : - Captain Gates is on the phone. - Oh!
UNK: She's asking for you, Dad.
UNK: Hello?
GATES : Thanks for coming, Mr. Castle. You too, Beckett.
Gates : Again, I'm sorry your reinstatement didn't work out.
Beckett : Yeah. Thanks.
UNK: So, what have we got?
UNK: Angelo Vázquez, stabbed to death in his girlfriend's apartment.
UNK: And this is Mr. Vázquez.
Castle : And you are calling on my expertise to unmask the killer.
Gates : No. Actually, we've already ID'd the suspect.
Gates : She's the victim's girlfriend, Emma Riggs.
Beckett : How do you know it's her?
Gates : Because she fled from the scene
Gates : and took hostages in a dental office up the street.
UNK: Oh, okay. So this involves me how?
Gates : Hostage negotiators have been trying to talk to Emma,
Gates : but she's demanding to speak to only you, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Me? Why me?
Gates : We were hoping you could tell us.
Gates : Is she familiar to you?
UNK: Uh... I've never seen her before. What do we know about her?
Gates : Not much so far. Emma Riggs, 31, waitress, no record.
Gates : At least until now.
UNK: Sergeant?
Gates : This is Sergeant Roman from the Hostage Negotiating Team.
UNK: - Richard Castle and Kate Beckett. - CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Uh... Ooh. Deputy Chief. Excuse me.
UNK: Sergeant Roman : Mr. Castle, are you open to talking to Emma over the phone?
Castle : Yeah, of course. Anything I can do to help.
Beckett : So, what's the situation inside?
UNK: It's not ideal for our purposes.
Roman : The windows in the office are covered,
Roman : and there's only one door leading in or out.
Beckett : Can't you just drill in fiber optics?
Roman : Cement's too thick.
Roman : But we have ascertained that she's taken five hostages.
Roman : The dentist, Dr. Abe Kogan,
Roman : his receptionist, Sue Williams,
Roman : patient, Mickey Gerhardt,
Roman : and Suki Chung, who's nine years old,
Roman : and Suki's mother, Lisa.
UNK: There's a 9-year-old in there?
UNK: But what if I say the wrong thing?
Roman : I'll be with you the whole time.
Roman : We'll make contact, see how everyone's doing,
Roman : take Emma's temperature, find out what she wants.
UNK: And then we'll put a plan together. All you have to do is talk.
Beckett : Well, if there's one thing you excel at, Castle, it's talking.
Roman : You ready?
Castle : No. But let's do this anyway.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Hello?
Castle : Hello, Emma, this is Richard Castle.
Castle : I heard you wanted to speak with me.
Emma : How do I know it's really you?
UNK: Well, if you care to step outside, I'd be happy to show you my driver's license.
UNK: Yeah, that's not gonna happen.
UNK: - MOUTHING - Okay, you say you're Richard Castle?
UNK: You're gonna have to prove it. All right?
UNK: In the Nikki Heat series, what's Rook and Nikki's wine of choice?
UNK: Sancerre.
UNK: In Deadly Heat, what's Douglas Sandmann's nickname?
Castle : Bedbug Doug.
UNK: In Storm Rising, what's Pierre Dubois' last words?
UNK: SNAPS FINGER Ah! Trick question.
Castle : Pierre was a Trappist monk.
Castle : He took a vow of silence. He never spoke.
Castle : Boom! Believe it's me now, Emma?
UNK: Because I can play Richard Castle trivia with you all day. I will crush you.