Robin : One super bowl from now.
Lily : Oh, let's face it, we're not going to get to watch it.
Lily : We should just find out the score.
Barney : Oh, thank god! I'll find out.
Ted : We have to watch the game together.
Ted : It's tradition.
Ted : Think of all the great times we've had watching this game.
Ted : Second down, everyone drink.
Barney : Ted, it's not a drinking game
Barney : If you drink anytime anything happens.
Marshall : Are these chicken wings or angel wings?
Marshall : God, I love these things.
Ted : I love you guys.
Ted : This is so great,
Ted : All of us watching the super bowl together.
Ted : This is special.
Ted : We need to do this every year... promise me!
Marshall : Calm down, buddy.
Lily : Oh, commercials!
Ted : Everyone drink!
Ted : God, this is such a great tradition,
Ted : All of us watching the game together.
Ted : How did this start?
Marshall : Hey, barney, I bet you 20 bucks
Marshall : That casey misses this field goal.
Barney : I don't bet. Betting's for suckers.
Marshall : Make it like a dollar or something, you know.
Marshall : Who cares? No big deal.
Barney : Fine.
Marshall : See, there you go, he made it.
Marshall : You win.
Barney : Wait. This is mine, just like that?
Barney : God, that feels good.
Barney : No, that feels really... Good.
Barney : What else can we bet on?
Marshall : Nothing, it's the halftime show.
Lily : Oh, so lame.
Lily : Nobody even pays attention.
Lily : I mean, janet jackson, who cares?
Ted : God, how cool is robin?
Marshall : I can't believe you invited
Marshall : This girl we've only known
Marshall : For a few months to our sacred day.
Marshall : Now she's gonna be in all the pictures.
Barney : Yeah, yeah, whatever. I'll give you the seahawks
Barney : Plus six points for 500 bucks.
Marshall : Are you crazy? Maybe for $50.
Barney : $50?! What fun is $50?!
Barney : Why don't we just bet air?! God, marshall!
Barney : Okay, $50.
Robin : Hey, I'll take that action.
Robin : Seahawks, but make it four points
Robin : And make it a grand.
Robin : Hey, these wings, are they chicken wings or angel wings?
Lily : Oh, commercials!
Robin : Monkey with a coconut bra. Hilarious.
UNK: Look, we always watch the super bowl together.
UNK: So we make a pact to watch it tomorrow at 6 : 00
UNK: And go the next 18 hours without finding out who won.
Barney : That's impossible.
Ted : I'm not gonna lie to you.
Ted : It's not gonna be easy.
Ted : That means no tv, no internet,
Ted : No newspapers, nothing.
Ted : Media blackout.
Ted : But our tradition lives on.
Ted : Who's in?
Lily : I'm in.
UNK: I'm in. I'm in.
Barney : What the hell, I'm in. High five!
Ted : Dude, we're at a wake.
Barney : Sorry. Solemn low five.
UNK: Ted voix off : None of us had any idea how hard it would be
UNK: Ted voix off : To go nine hours without hearing the outcome
UNK: Ted voix off : Of the super bowl.
UNK: Ted voix off : I decided to work from home to avoid contamination
UNK: Ted voix off : By the outside world.
Barney : Hey, take this key and swallow it.
Ted : What? No.
Barney : Come on, ted, you eat salads.
Barney : It'll be out by game time.
Ted : Lots more, no.
Barney : I'm not messing around, theodore.
Barney : I've got a lot of money riding on this game.
Barney : If I don't handcuff myself to this radiator,
Barney : I'll check the score.
Barney : Please take the key.
Barney : Fine.
Ted : But only because
Ted : You didn't think through a bathroom plan
Ted : And I think that's funny.
UNK: Ted voix off : The media blackout was particularly hard on robin
UNK: Ted voix off : Because, well, she was the media.