Robin : Hey.
Doug : I'm doug.
Marshall : Oh, hey, I'm marshall.
Doug : Are you going to be staying here for the rest of day?
Marshall : Yeah, I'm actually trying to hide out
Marshall : 'cause I don't want to know who won the super bowl.
Doug : I know who won.
Marshall : Oh, um, that's great, but I really don't want to know,
Marshall : So if you could just keep that to yourself.
Doug : How badly do you not want to know?
Marshall : Excuse me?
Doug : Ten bucks.
Marshall : Are you serious?
Doug : Just went up to eight.
Barney : Unlock me, ted.
Barney : I've never gone this long
Barney : Without calling my bookie.
Barney : He worries.
Ted : Not until game time.
Barney : Where are you going?
Ted : Pick up the hot wings.
Ted : What?
Barney : How the hell are you planning on getting
Barney : In and out of a sports bar without seeing the score?
Barney : There's tvs everywhere.
UNK: Ah, don't worry.
UNK: I got it all planned out.
UNK: First of all :
UNK: I placed duct tape
UNK: So I can only see out of two tiny holes.
UNK: Next, I constructed blinders out of an old cereal box.
UNK: Top it all off : High-tech noise-reducing headphones
UNK: I bought when marshall and lily first got back together
UNK: And were doing it a lot.
UNK: I call it the sensory deprivator 5000.
All : Sorry.
UNK: : Hello! Uh, my name is ted mosby.
Ted : I'm here to pick up my hot wings.
Ted : In my hand, you'll find the exact total for the wings
Ted : Plus a generous tip.
Ted : Please take the cash.
Ted : Put the wings in my hand
Ted : And I'll be on my way.
Ted : Thank you!
Sid : And that closes the book on one heck of a super bowl.
Sid : Back to you, kevin and robin.
UNK: La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la...
Kevin : We'll be right back.
Woman : And we're clear.
Robin : Sorry.
Woman : Um, robin, is it just me,
Woman : Or were you doing something different there?
Robin : I haven't watched the game yet.
Robin : I'm begging you, for the rest of the newscast,
Robin : There can't be any references to who won the super bowl.
Robin : I mean, change the teleprompter.
Robin : No team names, nothing specific.
Woman : That is crazy. I can't do that.
UNK: : My friend mark passed away this week.
UNK: Okay, sweetie, okay.
Woman : Okay, I'm so sorry.
Man : Back in five...
UNK: Four... Oh, I know.
UNK: Three... It's just so hard.
Ted : Ha!
Ted : Who's the idiot now?!
Ted : You said the sensory deprivator 5000 was stupid.
Ted : But it totally worked!
Ted : I couldn't see or hear anything happening around.
Ted : Right?! Right?!
Robin : No...!
Barman : Oh!
UNK: Ted voix off : I was about to have a horrible realization.
Ted : Where's the dipping sauce?
Doug : The team that won,