UNK: Kids, I've told you stories about all the big holidays :
UNK: Ted voix off : Christmas...
UNK: Ted voix off : Halloween...
UNK: Ted voix off : Thanksgiving...
UNK: Ted voix off : But one holiday was always my favorite... super bowl Sunday.
UNK: Ted voix off : And there was one super bowl back in 2007
UNK: Ted voix off : That I will never forget.
Ted : Marshall, you're on beer detail.
Ted : Lily, you're making the bean dip.
Ted : Uh, robin, you're on chips and pretzels, and barney,
Ted : I'm giving you nothing to do so you can just focus
Ted : On controlling your gambling problem.
Barney : "Problem."
Barney : Oh, poor superman,
Barney : He should really do something about his flying problem.
Barney : It's not a problem if you're awesome at it.
Ted : And I will be going to quinn's to pick up
Ted : The world's greatest food,
Ted : The super bowl hot wings platter.
Marshall : If I were a chicken,
Marshall : I'd go cannibal for those bad boys.
Marshall : Just eat my own damn wing off.
Marshall : I don't care. I'm crazy like that.
UNK: The waitress : Here's the info for tomorrow night.
Ted : What's tomorrow night?
UNK: The waitress : Oh, god, you didn't hear?
UNK: The waitress : Mark died.
UNK: Oh... Oh, my god.
UNK: The funeral's tomorrow at 6 : 00,
UNK: And I know it would have meant a lot to mark if you came.
UNK: You guys were his favorite customers.
UNK: Stay strong. Oh, wow.
UNK: Sorry. We're so sorry. Our condolences.
Barney : Oh...
Ted : Who was mark?
Barney : No idea.
Marshall : Not a clue.
Lily : Well, I guess we should go, right?
Marshall : Wait...
UNK: Tomorrow night at 6 : 00, that's the super bowl.
Ted : Okay, I feel terrible,
Ted : But the truth is we didn't know mike.
UNK: Mark. Mark, and as long as we send flowers,
UNK: I can't think of any reason we'd have to go.
UNK: Get out of here!
UNK: I never want to see your face in this bar again!
UNK: This soulless bastard
UNK: Just told me he can't come to mark's funeral
UNK: Because he wants to watch the super bowl.
UNK: Could you believe that?
UNK: You guys are coming, right?
UNK: Yes... Wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh, yeah.
UNK: Okay, here's the plan.
UNK: Record the game, go to the funeral
UNK: Pay our respects to matt... Mark.
Ted : Mark, and start watching only an hour late.
Marshall : Okay, that's great, but just to make sure it records,
Marshall : Maybe we should bow our heads
Marshall : And say a quiet prayer to the tivo gods.
UNK: Almighty tivo,
UNK: We thank you for all the gifts you have given us :
UNK: The power to freeze live tv to go take a leak
UNK: Is nothing short of godlike.
UNK: Let's not forget fast- forwarding through commercials.
UNK: It seems greedy to ask anything more from you,
UNK: O magic box,
UNK: But if you malfunction and miss the super bowl,
UNK: We will destroy you in the alley with baseball bats.
Both : Amen.
Lily : We are not fast-forwarding through the commercials.
Robin : Yeah, they're the best part.
Ted : Oh, come on. Remember last year?
Ted : Who wants to watch a monkey in a coconut bra order a pizza?
Lily : My god, that monkey was so cute!
Barney : The last time.
Barney : Seriously, that's the last time
Barney : I'm gonna call you today.
Ted : Okay.
Barney : Good-bye.
Barney : You didn't hang up either!
Barney : I know! You hang up!
Barney : You hang up!
Barney : My bookie. Great guy.
Ted : So let me get this straight.
Ted : A funeral is the one time you don't suit up?
Barney : Have I taught you nothing, ted? Virtually.
Barney : Suits are full of joy.
Barney : They're the sartorial equivalent of a baby's smile.
UNK: "Sartorial"?
Barney : "Of or pertaining
Barney : To tailors or their trade."
Barney : Suits are for the living.
Barney : That's why when it's my time to r.I.P.
Barney : I'm going out of this world the same way I came into it...
Barney : Buck naked. Yeah.
Barney : It's gonna be awesome.
Barney : Open bar for the guys, open casket for the ladies.
UNK: ♪ What up?!
UNK: That's so funny! Like that?
All : Oh...!
Barney : Oh...
Barney : Such a waste.
Lily : I know. He was so young.
Barney : A hand-stitched, cashmere,
Barney : Double-breasted dolce & gabbana.
Barney : It must be so frightened.
UNK: This is going faster than I thought.
UNK: We'll make an appearance at the bar for the wake,
UNK: We'll be watching the game by 8 : 00.
Carl : And even though we didn't see any whales,
Carl : Mark and I both said it was the best day of our lives.
UNK: Hmm. Hmm.
Carl : Okay, I'm getting us another round.
Carl : And when I come back,
Carl : Everyone else is telling their favorite mark story.
Barney : Oh...
Marshall : Dibs on the one carl just told.
Robin : Okay, I have to be at work exactly