Ted : Hello! It's me again.
Barman : Oh!
Barman : I didn't recognize you.
Ted : Yeah, you forgot to give me the dipping sauce!
Robin : Ah.
All : Yes.
Ted : This is the one.
UNK: It was 4 : 00,
UNK: And so far, all of us had done the impossible.
UNK: But then, almost simultaneously,
UNK: Things started to go wrong.
Robin : And let's end the day on a happy note.
Robin : There is a new arrival at the bronx zoo.
Robin : Trish sanchez has the story.
UNK: Hey, buddy. Hey, dude, look out.
UNK: Trish Sanchez : And in honor of yesterday's big win...
UNK: The super bowl... there is no more bitter defeat in sports
UNK: Than to lose one.
UNK: Man 1 : Hey, buddy, look out. Dude, watch out!
UNK: Trish Sanchez : The zoo decided to name the baby panda
UNK: Trish Sanchez : After super bowl champions...
Robin : No...!
Robin : No...!
Robin : No...!
Ted : Yes...!
Ted : Awesome. Just in time for the kick-off.
UNK: Mission accomplished. No. Didn't find out.
Ted : Great. Let's do it.
Ted : I already fast-forwarded through the four hours
Ted : Of pre-game coverage, so we are ready.
Ted : Barney,
Ted : I can't even look at you.
Ted : I don't want any sign of who won.
Ted : Don't worry, I'm not going to give anything away.
Ted : Feel free to start without me.
Ted : Ah...!
Ted : Stupid!
Ted : Stupid! Stupid!
Ted : So much money! You screwed it up, barney!
Ted : You screwed everything up!
Ted : Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
Ted : Okay, let's watch the game.
Ted : Barney, what the hell was that?
Ted : We know who you bet on.
Ted : Now you've ruined the game for everyone.
Robin : Yeah.
Lily : Thanks a lot, barney.
Robin : Way to blow it.
Marshall : Yeah, I didn't know and now I do know.
Ted : There's no point in even watching the game.
Lily : Well, at least the commercials aren't ruined.
Marshall : Wings are still good.
Robin : Beer still works.
Ted : Ah, what the hell.
Ted : Let's watch barney lose some money.
UNK: Hey, so check this out :
UNK: I got extorted by a five-year-old today.
Robin : I almost got fired today.
Barney : I met emmitt smith today.
Lily : Ooh, you go first.
Ted : I tried out the sensory deprivator 5000.
Lily : Yeah, go ahead, barney.
Barney : Well, I was frantically running down the street,
Barney : Trying to find out the score to the game...
Ted : And here's the funny part,
UNK: Ted voix off : As unforgettable as that super bowl was,
UNK: Ted voix off : Here it is 23 years later and I don't remember who won...
UNK: Ted voix off : Hell, I don't even remember who played.
UNK: Ted voix off : What I do remember is that we drank beer,
UNK: Ted voix off : We ate wings and we watched the super bowl together.
UNK: Ted voix off : Because, sometimes, even if you know
UNK: Ted voix off : How something's going to end,
UNK: Ted voix off : That doesn't mean you can't enjoy the ride.
UNK: Ted voix off : We even raised a toast to good old mike.
UNK: Ted voix off : I mean mark... Matt...
Barney : I didn't only lose the game,
Barney : I lost every single prop bet.
Barney : Total penalty yardage,
Barney : Number of replay-challenges,
Barney : Coin toss...
Barney : What are the odds of losing the coin toss?
Ted : 50-50, give or take.
Barney : Interceptions, field-goals,
Barney : Total sacks,
Barney : Whether or not there'd be a safety, first...