Frankie : What are you doing tonight?
UNK: Masturbating.
House : I'd invite you, but people are already talking.
Wilson : It's pathetic. You divide your nights between porn and the Discovery Channel.
House : Right, playing Dance Dance Revolution is a much better choice.
Wilson : Okay, that was a gift from a patient, and it happens to be great exercise.
Wilson : I mean, who rents porn anymore?
UNK: Can't you get that stuff on the Internet?
UNK: You can, but you can't get disk two with the director's commentary.
Wilson : Come out with me tonight. I'm going speed dating.
UNK: If you mean you're dating on meth, count me in.
Wilson : You need to meet somebody.
Wilson : This way, you meet 20 somebodies.
House : Over a five-minute discussion of Proust?
House : Speed dating's a meat market.
Wilson : Yeah, dozens of women, just waiting to be hit on.
Wilson : Your odds of a happy ending are nearly as good as staying home and watching porn.
Foreman : You plan on doing any work today?
House : I thought I might do a little light doctoring in the afternoon.
UNK: Twenty-eight-year-old female, sudden unexplained coagulopathy.
Chase : Could be congenital thrombocytopenia.
House : Platelets look normal.
UNK: The patient makes money doing freelance photography.
Thirteen : Some photographic processes produce toxic gases.
Foreman : She's a blogger. I can't see her photos being anything but digital.
House : What does she blog? Politics? Dominatrix? Cooking? I need recipes.
Chase : It's a personal journal. I don't get putting your whole life online.
Taub : It's not that crazy. Privacy's basically a modern invention.
Taub : Towns used to be too small for anybody to keep any secrets.
Taub : What if it's not the platelets, but the glue that holds them together?
Chase : No, thrombin and von Willebrand factor are normal.
House : And knowing too much about each other
House : is exactly why people leave small towns and move to the city.
Taub : And a lot of people choose to stay
Taub : because in return for zero privacy, you get community, connection...
House : Big, red A's for our tunics.
House : Connections are for airports.
House : For people, we have over 300 cable channels.
Foreman : Her photos may be digital,
Thirteen : doesn't mean she couldn't have been exposed to some other toxin.
Thirteen : We should search the apartment.
UNK: Eenie, meenie, minie, Thirteen and Tiny.
Taub : This one's locked.
Thirteen : I'm surprised you took the pro-community position.
Taub : I have friends, I like people.
Thirteen : You also like secrets.
UNK: You deny it, that sort of proves my point.
Taub : When we're left to our own devices, we make lousy choices.
Taub : Ignore it.
Stuart : I can hear you in there. Open the door or I'm calling the cops.
Taub : We're four stories up, but there's a fire escape on the other wall.
Taub : The ledge might be wide enough...
Thirteen : We're doctors. We aren't stealing anything.
Thirteen : We are collecting samples.
Taub : Who are you? The neighbor.
Stuart : Did they say that you could come in here?
UNK: Yep. What do you know about Frankie and Taylor?
Stuart : Not much. The guy works a lot, but I see Frankie around.
Stuart : We argue a few times a week, and then we go back about our business.
Taub : What do you argue about?
Stuart : Frankie's got some strong opinions.
Stuart : Wants to recycle every molecule of trash.
Thirteen : You take the anti-recycling position?
UNK: Trash piling up for composting is attracting every rat in the neighborhood.
Stuart : I had to put down poison.
UNK: That's her private drawer, what are you doing over there?
UNK: She says she doesn't have any secrets, I'm taking her at her word.
Taub : Is there any chance Frankie touched the rat poison?
Stuart : Touched it? She grabbed a chunk of it
Stuart : right out of the mouth of the schnauzer from down the hall.