Stuart : Now every time I put the stuff down, she picks it back up.
House : You brought a date?
Chase : Wilson seemed to think it was a good idea.
Wilson : You need to dive back into the pool.
House : And he has to swim in ours?
House : You go to a bar, you bring your ugly friends.
Taub : It's not a beauty pageant.
House : Life is a beauty pageant.
House : Little girls who kiss frogs expect them to turn into you.
Chase : Come on, I'm not that good-looking.
House : Yeah, you are.
Wilson : You kind of are.
Chase : So you attribute every relationship
Chase : I've ever had to the height of my cheekbones?
Wilson : Not the whole relationship, just the beginning.
House : The rest is your hair. This is ridiculous.
Chase : Women aren't as distracted by appearances as we are.
Chase : They look deeper.
House : You wanna bet?
House : You can't tell anyone you're a doctor. You're unemployed.
House : You're also a little slow. Misunderstand everything they say.
House : And lose the accent.
House : A hundred bucks says you still walk out of here with a dozen names.
Hostess : Ladies and gentlemen, the fun is about to start.
Hostess : When I strike this gong,
Hostess : each man should sit at the table you've been assigned.
Hostess : When I strike it again, date's over, move on.
Wilson : I'm an oncologist.
Leeanne : My aunt and my grandma, they both died from breast cancer.
UNK: Do you want to talk about it?
House : I'm a diagnostician.
House : I find out what's wrong with people and I fix it.
Melodie : Don't all doctors do that?
House : Yeah, but they can't dance like I can.
Chase : I play video games.
Chloe : Oh, professionally?
Chase : I wish, bro.
Dionne : After six months of chemo, we thought he was out of the woods.
Grace : I don't want kids. Check.
Grace : I'm thinking about going from a C to a D.
House : Quadruple check.
Grace : And I'm on fire for the Lord.
Nicole : I'm a chocolatier.
Chase : I could tell by your hips.
UNK: Yeah, I guess I could afford to lose a few pounds.
Elizabeth : I don't think I know anybody who died of cancer.
Wilson : Thank God. For you, I mean. Obviously.
Elizabeth : Except my cat. She died a few months ago.
Mary : I hate these things.
House : You here at gunpoint? Need me to call 911?
Mary : Friend dragged me. She keeps trying to fix my life,
Mary : which, admittedly, could use it, but still, annoying.
House : You like puzzles.
Mary : I hoped my job would let me play with puzzles all day long,
Mary : but it didn't work out that way.
Mary : Police detective. Turns out criminals are idiots.
Mary : If they're not gonna bother to challenge you, what's the point?
House : Is there a fire alarm we could pull?
House : Maybe get out of here.
House : Except maybe you're just too swoft.
UNK: I beg your pardon?
House : Swoft. It's one of your crossword answers.
House : I believe it means, "Lying manipulator
UNK: "who tells men anything they want to hear."
House : You brought a prop as a conversation starter,
House : folded the paper to make it look read, filled in some answers,
House : but you couldn't be bothered to work at it,
House : so you just put in random letters.
House : You have some natural talent as a liar,
House : but not enough brains to see it through.
House : I'm gonna assume you're not a cop.
House : Are the five minutes up?
Hostess : These women would welcome a call from you.
Hostess : And these women would welcome a call from you.
UNK: My.
Taub : It's nice to have visitors.
Frankie : I'm updating my blog.
Joan : And I'm reading it.
Taub : You realize you're in the same room.
UNK: Sorry.
Frankie : So I've been thinking about what you said,
Frankie : and I'm sure I washed my hands after I threw out the rat poison.
Foreman : Apparently you did it multiple times, over a course of days.
Foreman : Can't be too certain.
Joan : You must be Dr. Foreman.
UNK: Gotta get back to work. Okay.