Foreman : And the biopsy confirms it was full of abnormal cells consistent with lymphoma.
Frankie : I have cancer?
Foreman : We've postponed putting in the new valve.
Frankie : So, I mean, I guess we do, what, chemo and all that stuff?
Chase : Yes, but apparently you've had this for some time.
Chase : When your appendix burst, it was like a dam giving way.
UNK: Those cells went streaming throughout your body.
Frankie : So you're saying you'll treat, but you don't expect it to work.
Frankie : That's why no valve. It's pointless.
Foreman : Our Dean of Medicine has approved an experimental treatment.
Foreman : We use your unique cancer cell signature to create a targeted lymphoma vaccine.
Frankie : Okay. So that'll cure me?
Chase : Well, we're not actually sure what it'll do,
Chase : but the intention is to train your immune system
Chase : to recognize and kill cells bearing the same malignant signature,
Chase : while leaving healthy cells alone.
Chase : But, as Dr. Foreman says, it's experimental.
Stuart : I see.
Taylor : Without it, what kind of time are we talking about?
Chase : An exact prognosis is impossible.
Taylor : How about a guess? Something, please.
Foreman : Based on people in situations like yours, maybe a year.
Taylor : Baby, whatever we have to do, we'll do.
Taylor : I can take care of you. I can work from home.
Frankie : Sounds good. Thank you for letting me know.
Frankie : We'll start with the treatment whenever it's ready.
Chase : Is she being a good soldier or is she in denial?
Foreman : Denial's not unusual for a first reaction.
Chase : Or it could be a symptom. Some lymphomas affect cognition.
Foreman : If it is denial, she needs time to process.
Foreman : If it's a symptom, hopefully treatment with the vaccine will help.
Chase : Hey, Sandy.
Chase : Can I borrow your car?
Chase : She gave me the keys.
Thirteen : You're a doctor, she was doing you a favor.
Chase : She barely knows me.
Chase : I've been deluding myself that I'm actually connecting with people.
Thirteen : The first person I ever fell in love with turned out to be a total tool.
Thirteen : He came across all funny and charming and thoughtful,
Thirteen : but it was an act.
Thirteen : He saw something he wanted
Thirteen : and he knew he had to behave a certain way to get it.
Thirteen : In retrospect, the fact that I was 17 and he was 30 should've been a clue.
Thirteen : Figuring out who people are takes time.
UNK: And it takes twice as much time if they're trying to impress you.
Thirteen : Now, I could take from this that anyone who loans me their car
Thirteen : has an ulterior motive,
Thirteen : or I can accept that it's just a nice thing to do,
Thirteen : and take people as they come.
Thirteen : You wanna do the first injection?
Wilson : Why are you reading a book by a Unitarian minister?
House : Book club. Oprah was going on and on...
Wilson : I'm serious. This is messed up.
UNK: A patient wrote it. No.
Wilson : You've never treated a patient with this name, I looked it up.
House : It's an assignment from my therapist.
Wilson : No, it wasn't.
Wilson : No one you respect would give you this and expect it to be helpful.
UNK: It's a book!
Wilson : Of sermons!
Wilson : For anyone else, spiritually enlightening.
Wilson : For you, it's practically a psychotic break.
Wilson : I know that you have trouble, sometimes,
Wilson : with the pain without the Vicodin.
Wilson : Is that it? Are you so out of options
Wilson : you're looking for answers in what you consider irrationality?
House : I'm all right. Trust me.
Wilson : Are you all right because you're back on Vicodin?
UNK: I said trust me.
Wilson : I know this means something.
House : You mind? I haven't finished it yet.
Taub : Thanks for the gift.
Taub : Obviously differs from my own personal beliefs,
Taub : but if these stories have helped you through some spiritual turmoil...
House : Read chapter six, entitled "Shut the hell up."