Foreman : I appreciated the inscription
Foreman : about the benefits of prayer before medical treatments,
Foreman : and I think it's great that you have been called to witness by the Lord.
House : Chapter two, "Bite me."
UNK: Hi.
Chase : Thirteen's giving our patient her third vaccine injection.
Chase : She's responding well so far.
UNK: How did you get all these copies? It's out of print.
Chase : I called the author. He's got cartons of the thing in his basement.
House : You called him? What did you say?
Chase : That I knew some people who could benefit spiritually from the book.
House : Did you mention me?
Chase : No, but...
Thirteen : Fever's at 104.
Thirteen : The antibodies tripped her autoimmune response.
Foreman : The vaccine is killing her.
Cuddy : Well, clearly it's not working.
Cuddy : You have to stop the vaccine.
UNK: Sure. Give up and let her die on schedule.
Cuddy : It's better than speeding up the schedule.
Cuddy : How quickly did this come on?
Thirteen : She was all right when I woke her this afternoon for the second injection.
Cuddy : Of the stimulating agent, which added to the first injection,
Cuddy : switched her immune reaction into overdrive.
House : Why was she sleeping?
House : Who can sleep in a hospital, during the daytime?
Chase : I'm not surprised she's tired.
Chase : She's always been a night owl.
Chase : Just by treating her, we've completely disrupted her schedule.
House : Is that what her blog says? She's a night owl?
Chase : No, she told me.
House : In what tense? Is? Was? Will have been?
Chase : I'm not sure.
Cuddy : What are you onto?
UNK: Look at the time-stamp on this post.
UNK: 2 : 30 a.m. Here's one at 4 : 00 a.m.
Foreman : Whatever he's onto doesn't change the fact that she has lymphoma
Foreman : and we gave her a dangerous vaccine. We need to...
House : Six months ago, she's posting in the daytime.
House : Two years ago, daytime. That's her natural rhythm.
Taub : Day-night reversal.
Chase : Sign of liver disease?
UNK: Which doesn't fit lymphoma.
Taub : But we know she has lymphoma.
House : We know she has the cell atypia that indicates lymphoma.
House : Biopsy her liver.
House : That was pretty cool, what I did, right?
House : You wanna make out?
Chase : You don't have lymphoma.
Frankie : But you said my appendix was full of cancer cells.
Foreman : Your appendix was full of cells that showed a lymphocytic atypia.
Foreman : We now think they were a granulomatous build-up from some unknown cause.
Frankie : So I'm not dying?
Chase : You're actually dying more quickly than we thought.
Foreman : Unless we figure out what's causing your liver failure.
Foreman : You have three or four days.
Frankie : What the hell do you mean I have three or four days?
Foreman : Well, we're past denial.
Foreman : Maybe we didn't cause the fever.
Taub : We gave her the vaccine and her fever spiked, seems to me...
Foreman : Yes, but it persisted after we took her off the vaccine.
Taub : What if it's a new symptom?
House : Okay, so we add fever to cell atypia,
House : coagulopathy, kidney, heart, liver...
Taub : It has to be an infection. But which one?
Thirteen : No one she knows is sick. She hasn't travelled anywhere.
Thirteen : There's nothing in the history she gave us, nothing in her blog.
House : There has to be something unique to this infection,
House : something about its transmission, the way it manifests.
House : There has to be something she's not telling us.
Chase : There isn't. She's told us, and everyone else, everything.