House : Start her on broad- spectrum antibiotics.
House : Since we know everything, we might as well treat for everything.
Wilson : I picked up one of the copies of the book that Chase left in the lounge.
UNK: If you're going to be this way,
UNK: I'm not going to invite you to my baptism.
UNK: The first time I'd seen the real dust jacket.
Wilson : The inside back flap, there's a picture of the author.
Wilson : Imagine how surprised I was when I recognized him.
Wilson : Your biological father is a minister?
House : Natural selection is not an infallible force.
Wilson : I don't get it.
Wilson : Okay, he was a friend of the family,
Wilson : you'd only known him when you were a kid.
Wilson : But if you wanted to meet him now,
Wilson : get an idea of what he's like, why not just go talk to him?
House : "Hi, it's Greg. You slept with my mother."
Wilson : You're capable of it.
House : I was mildly curious.
House : Enough to read a book, not enough to make a phone call.
Wilson : Please. You didn't read this, you studied it. Why?
Wilson : All your life you've thought this was crap.
House : You can't suddenly turn around
Wilson : and build a whole new world-view based on crap.
UNK: Crap.
Wilson : You better not be faking this just to get out of a tough conversation.
House : Do you poop?
House : Come on. Everybody poops. I read the book in medical school.
House : Sinkers or floaters?
Chase : This is the Wizard.
House : Greasy and soft, or hard and pellet-like?
Frankie : Floaters and the first one.
House : You just had to be so swoft.
House : You're a hypocrite, no lies, no secrets,
House : but everything stops at your colon.
UNK: Four thousand pages, not one word about BMs.
House : And I bet yours don't smell at all.
Frankie : Nobody wants to hear about that stuff. Readers don't.
House : People who don't really care about you don't, but doctors might.
House : The icky stuff changed, right? A few months ago.
Frankie : Well, I became a vegetarian.
House : A lot of people misunderstand how a vegetarian diet works.
House : You take in less unusable material, and your waste gets more efficient,
House : harder and rounder. Just look at the feces of rabbits.
House : Seriously, I think I might have some. Malabsorption.
Thirteen : Her system's not retaining the necessary nutrients.
UNK: A GI infection that causes malabsorption,
UNK: granulamatous build-up of cells.
UNK: It's not contagious, 'cause no one around her got sick.
UNK: Chase And Thirteen : Whipple's Disease.
House : Let's split the credit. Start her on cotrimoxazole.