Anita : I'm an alcoholic.
Anita : He was responsible for my drinking.
Castle : How was he responsible?
UNK: SIGHS I don't know. I'm sorry, I've been really confused lately.
Castle : Because of the drinking?
Anita : No. I've been sober for four years.
UNK: SIGHS I mean, God knows, I still struggle.
Anita : But these last two weeks, they've just been really blurry.
Beckett : Do you remember going to dinner with your sponsor last night?
Anita : Was that last night?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Anita : Yes, you're right. It was.
Castle : So then, when did you go to the hotel and meet Justin?
Anita : I don't remember.
Beckett : Anita, we have a witness that saw you accost Justin
UNK: outside of a coffee shop a couple of days ago.
Beckett : - Do you remember that? - Yes, I do.
Anita : Uh, he was talking to this big, bald man.
Anita : I had to warn Justin, to tell him he was in danger.
Castle : - From the bald man? - No, from me.
Anita : The moment I saw Justin,
Anita : I just had this awful feeling that I was gonna hurt him.
Anita : And I did.
Ryan : All right, thanks.
UNK: Now, no one at the hotel saw Anita last night,
Ryan : and Tech can't find her on any of the security cam footage.
Beckett : This doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : She knows details about our crime that only our killer could know.
Castle : What about Forensics? Did CSU come up with anything?
UNK: In a hotel room in New York City? Ugh.
Esposito : They found all kinds of fun stuff,
UNK: but nothing that tied Anita back to room 147.
RYAN : Yeah, well, maybe it's an act, you know?
UNK: Some kind of smokescreen,
Ryan : and she's taking the fall for someone else.
Beckett : Except she had to have known that we would check her alibi,
Beckett : which completely contradicts her confession.
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : All right, come on.
UNK: Hmm?
Esposito : Give us one of your theories, bro.
Esposito : Come on. Whatever it is,
UNK: it can't be any crazier than what we're already dealing with.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Okay. I think
Castle : I'm man enough to admit I'm completely theory-less.
Ryan : Maybe Anita suffered some kind of psychotic break.
Beckett : I've ordered a psych eval,
Beckett : but psychosis doesn't explain how she knew all about the murder.
Esposito : Or why she killed the guy in the first place.
UNK: I double-checked her phone records.
UNK: There's not a single call or text between her and Justin Marquette.
Esposito : It's like they had no history at all.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you guys go over to her apartment and check everything?
Beckett : Emails, calendars, her diary. And let's see
Beckett : if we can find anything there that'll connect her to our victim.
UNK: Yeah, we're on it.
UNK: Doc Holloway : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. Good to see you.
Beckett : Thank you so much for coming in, Dr. Holloway.
Holloway : I gather you have a patient for me?
Castle : Oh, yeah.
Ryan : Well, we've been through every room in the house.
Ryan : No gun, no bloody clothes,
Ryan : nothing that links Anita back to that crime scene or to Justin.
Esposito : Maybe not, but check out her datebook.
Esposito : Some pages have been ripped out, including all of the last two weeks.
Ryan : Two weeks? Wait a minute.
UNK: That's how long Anita said she's been feeling blurry.
Ryan : Maybe she kept a calendar on her computer.
UNK: MOUSE CLICKING
UNK: Yeah, looks like she did,
UNK: but the same two weeks have been erased.
UNK: Seems like someone's trying to cover something up.
Ryan : Yeah, but who? And what?
Castle : As much as I love a good mystery,
UNK: a small part of me is hoping he can give us some clarity
Castle : on what the hell is going on.
UNK: Uh, speaking of clarity,
Beckett : what did you mean when you said that there might be something else
Beckett : that's keeping Alexis from moving back to your loft?
Esposito : I don't know, and Alexis won't talk about it.
UNK: So, maybe when Dr. Holloway is done talking to Anita,
Castle : I can get him to talk to Alexis.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Hey, so, what's the verdict?
Holloway : Based on my examination so far,
Holloway : I find her to be mentally competent, if somewhat disoriented.
UNK: By all indications, she seems to be telling the truth.
UNK: Meaning she did kill Justin Marquette?
Holloway : Or she believes she did, anyway.
Castle : And what about the disorientation? How do you account for that?
UNK: Could be medical or a neurologic condition, adverse reaction to drugs.
Holloway : It's possible she experienced
Holloway : a traumatic event which caused some sort of retrograde amnesia.
Beckett : So, traumatic, like killing someone?
UNK: Potentially. I'm gonna do a full workup.
Holloway : I'll know more when the results come back.
Beckett : Thank you, Doctor.
Castle : So, Anita Miller believes she killed the victim,
Castle : but the facts say she couldn't have.
UNK: No, not all the facts.
Beckett : I mean, we know she accosted Justin outside the coffee shop,
Beckett : she confessed to the murder
UNK: and she has intimate knowledge of the crime.
Beckett : So, look, clearly, we haven't explained everything, but...
Castle : But you believe she killed him.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : I think that until something changes, she's our best suspect.
UNK: Precinct Detective : Detective? There's someone here you need to talk to.
UNK: Precinct Detective : This is Sam Carson.
UNK: Precinct Detective : Tell her what you told me.
UNK: Sam Carson : I want to confess to a murder.
UNK: Sam Carson : I killed Justin Marquette.
Castle : I'd say something just changed.
Sam : Yeah, it was me. Don't get me wrong. I mean, it's not like I'm proud of it.
Gates : Did I hear right? Another person has confessed to this murder?
UNK: Yeah, but I just think he's some kind of attention seeker.
Castle : Yeah, so far the confession's just a rehash of the news report.
Beckett : Mr. Carson, do you realize
Beckett : that making false statements to the police is a crime?