Beckett : but is it possible that Justin was seeing someone else?
Laura : What? No.
Castle : Was he involved in anything dangerous or illegal?
Laura : No, not that I know of. No.
Beckett : Was there anyone in his life that might've wanted to harm him?
Eddie : There was that thing the other day, remember?
Castle : What thing?
Eddie : Some crazy woman walked up to him on the street and threatened him.
Pam : That's right. Justin was totally rattled. He could barely perform that night.
Beckett : Did he know who she was?
UNK: Uh-uh. And he did not want to talk about it either.
Laura : All he said was that it happened outside a coffee shop on 9th and Mercer.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : Hey, that was the coffee shop.
Esposito : A barista saw the whole thing go down.
Esposito : A woman walked up to Justin outside and started yelling at him.
Beckett : - You get a description? - I did better than that.
UNK: The woman's a regular customer.
Esposito : She's got a loyalty card and her name's Anita Miller.
Esposito : I'll send a unit to pick her up.
UNK: Great.
Beckett : Thanks for coming in, Ms. Miller. I'm Detective Beckett.
UNK: Uh, I just need to ask you a few questions about...
Esposito : Justin Marquette.
Beckett : So you know him.
Anita : I more than know him, Detective. In fact,
Anita : I killed him.
Beckett : Are you confessing?
UNK: Just give me some paper. I wanna write it all down.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Castle : Eleven seconds to a confession. That's got to be your personal best.
UNK: LAUGHS
Beckett : You sound like you're disappointed, Castle.
Castle : Well, I am, a little.
Castle : I mean, a secret phone, room 147?
UNK: This case had conspiratorial promise.
Beckett : Well, most likely Justin was cheating on his girlfriend with Anita.
Beckett : And the two of them met up at the hotel and that's where things went south.
Castle : Yes, well, most likely that is boring.
Beckett : Look, not every case has to be shrouded in mystery and intrigue.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Uh, we got a problem.
Beckett : - What's wrong? - Well, I was looking into
Esposito : Anita Miller's whereabouts to try to tie her to the hotel.
Esposito : Except her credit card records show
Esposito : that she was at Le Fagio restaurant last night.
Beckett : So maybe someone else used her credit card.
UNK: No, the manager ID'd her,
UNK: and he said that she split the bill with another guy, her AA sponsor.
UNK: I just spoke to him, and he confirmed
UNK: that they were together from 9 : 30 p.m. To 12 : 30 a.m.
Castle : But that's our entire time-of-death window.
Castle : If that's true, then Anita can't be our killer.
Beckett : Then why is she confessing?
Castle : Not so boring after all.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : So, Anita Miller is confessing to the murder, and she has an alibi?
Beckett : Yeah, we're still trying to make sense of it, sir.
Gates : Is it possible that we misjudged the time of death?
Beckett : No. No, Lanie stands behind her examination.
Gates : Okay, then what about the alibi?
Beckett : Esposito verified it with the restaurant.
Beckett : The manager, the hostess, even the waiter confirmed
Beckett : that Anita was there all evening.
Beckett : Not only that, but this restaurant is nowhere near the hotel.
Gates : Then she couldn't have killed the victim,
Gates : so find out why she's lying.
Anita : It's all there. Everything I remember about what I did.
Beckett : Well, we just wanted to go over this in person,
Beckett : just to clear up any discrepancies.
Anita : What discrepancies?
Castle : Well, why don't you just tell us what happened?
UNK: Well, I went to see him in his room.
Castle : - Which room was that? - Room 147.
Jane : Room 147?
Castle : At the Best Traveler hotel.
UNK: Anita voiceover : I knocked on the door, and he opened it, almost immediately.