UNK: No, I'm telling you the truth.
Sam : I killed the guy, in his hotel room.
Beckett : Okay, fine. What room was that?
UNK: Um...
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: 147.
Sam : It was room 147.
Beckett : I need you to tell me exactly what happened.
UNK: I was in his room and...
Beckett : No, no, I need details.
Beckett : Were you hiding in the closet? Did you kick down the door?
Sam : No, I knocked.
UNK: Justin flashback : Been waiting for you. Come on in.
UNK: Justin flashback : Let me get you a water.
Sam : He let me in, offered me a water.
BECKETT : A water?
Sam : Yeah, like, a bottle.
UNK: Then he went to the fridge, and that's when I pulled out my gun.
UNK: Anita voiceover : He turned around, and I shot him right in the chest.
Beckett : And then what?
UNK: He fell back, grabbed for a chair.
Sam : Knocked it over when he fell down.
Sam : Then I left.
Beckett : Why did you kill him?
Castle : - Why? - Yeah.
Sam : 'Cause I was angry.
UNK: I got anger issues, you know?
Sam : When I saw him, I was just so filled with rage.
Beckett : Because he did what to you?
Sam : That's the part I'm not too clear on.
UNK: The last couple of weeks have been just kind of hazy.
Beckett : How did you know the victim?
Sam : I don't know that I do.
UNK: Okay. INHALES SHARPLY
Beckett : He filled you with rage and you don't know him?
Beckett : Why did you go to room 147 in the first place?
Beckett : - Did he contact you? - I don't remember.
Beckett : How do you not remember?
Beckett : What kind of game are you playing here?
Sam : I'm not playing any game!
Beckett : You know what I think you're doing? You're trying to sabotage my case.
Beckett : You know that no DA is going to get a conviction with multiple confessions.
Beckett : Multiple confessions?
Beckett : Yeah, you and Anita Miller are working together on this.
Beckett : You're either covering for each other,
Beckett : or you're covering for someone else out there.
Sam : Who the hell is Anita Miller?
Beckett : You know who she is.
Sam : I've never seen that woman before in my life.
Anita : I'm telling you, I don't know him.
Castle : Are you sure about that?
Beckett : Because Sam told us the same story you did,
Beckett : but that he killed Justin.
Anita : Well, he's lying. I killed Justin Marquette.
Beckett : So, we can't find a link between Sam and Anita,
Beckett : or between either one of them and our victim.
Castle : What about Sam's alibi?
Beckett : His brother says that he and Sam were at the batting cages all last night.
Beckett : And based on the security video,
Beckett : Sam never set foot in the hotel.
Castle : They both believe they killed Justin.
Castle : They both know details about the murder
Castle : and they both have similar memory problems.
Castle : I mean, they must be connected.
Castle : What if their lives intersect, just not in such a literal sense?
Beckett : No, Castle, no, please.
Beckett : If this is some alternate universe theory, I'm not in the mood.
Castle : Really? Alternate universe? That's how little you think of me?
UNK: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just... I thought that you...
Castle : No, they're psychically linked!
Castle : And not just to each other, but to the actual killer.
UNK: So they're seeing the crime through his or her eyes,
Castle : and the experience is so visceral
Castle : that both Sam and Anita think that they committed the crime themselves.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Beckett : I'm sorry. It's just, you got excited. It's kind of cute.
Castle : Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know how I like the weird stuff.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
Castle : Who's that?
UNK: Oh, uh, it's nobody. Nothing, it's nothing.
UNK: - OFFICER : Detective? - Uh...
UNK: We got another one.
Beckett : Another what?
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : I'm Dwight Carruthers, CPA.
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : I'm here to turn myself in.
UNK: Dwight Carruthers : For killing Justin Marquette.
UNK: No!
Castle : All right, this is now officially outstanding.
Ryan : Hey, you guys need to see this.
UNK: Wait, I need to confess!
Beckett : Yeah, take a number.
Ryan : Once we realized that someone might have gone through Anita's apartment,
Ryan : we had unis canvass the area.
Ryan : Now, one of Anita's neighbors remembers seeing a red van
Ryan : parked outside her place about two weeks ago.
Beckett : Right when she started feeling disoriented.
Ryan : Yeah, not only that, we checked in with Sam Carson's neighbors.
Ryan : Turns out one of them remembers seeing the same red van
Ryan : parked outside of Carson's house a few nights later.
Ryan : She remembers it because she thought it looked suspicious.
Beckett : Did you get a plate number?
Ryan : No, but she took a picture with her phone.
UNK: Take a look who's behind the wheel.
Esposito : - Is that... - A big, bald man.
Beckett : Just like the one Anita said she saw
Beckett : talking to our victim outside the coffee shop.
Castle : So our victim and two suspects do have something in common.
Beckett : Yeah. Him.
Gates : So now there are three of them?
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : But we believe that this man is the key to our case.
Beckett : His van was seen outside both Anita and Sam's apartments,
Beckett : and Anita ID'd him as the guy that was talking to our victim
Beckett : outside the coffee shop.
Gates : And what is this man's connection to Mr. Carruthers?
UNK: That's what I'm gonna find out.
Dwight : I'm prepared to take full responsibility and admit to what I did.
Beckett : Yes, I'm sure you are. Now, do you recognize this man?
UNK: Don't you wanna hear my confession?
Beckett : Best Traveler hotel, room 147,
Beckett : Justin offered you water and then you shot him.
Beckett : How did you know?
Castle : Beckett. Just like the one Anita drew.
Beckett : Dwight, what does that symbol mean?
UNK: STAMMERING I don't know, it's just been stuck in my head lately.
Dwight : But what difference does that make? I shot a guy!
Beckett : We know. Now, can you take a close look at these pictures
Beckett : and tell me if you recognize that man?
UNK: Uh...
Dwight : No, but the van looks familiar.
Castle : You've seen it before? Where?
UNK: Uh, I'm not sure. I've been...
Castle : Confused recently, like, the last two weeks?
Beckett : Dwight, think. This is important.
Dwight : It was last Tuesday, around noon.
Dwight : I was coming home from assertiveness training
UNK: and that van was parked on Houston Street outside my apartment.
Beckett : There are traffic cams on Houston. They might've caught a plate number.
Dwight : Seriously? I killed someone and all you care about is a van?
UNK: All right, Tech scrubbed traffic cam footage from last Tuesday on Houston,
Ryan : they got a hit on our vehicle.
UNK: It's registered to a Miles Madsen.
Beckett : Great! That's our guy. So what do we know about him?
UNK: That he's in the wind. Uniforms hit his apartment,
UNK: but the landlord said he hasn't seen Madsen in weeks.
UNK: - CELL PHONE CHIMES - SIGHS Okay, put out an APB.
Beckett : Find out everything you can about him.
Beckett : Right now, he's the only link connecting all these people.
Esposito : Where are you going?
UNK: Uh, I've got an errand to run. Can you tell Castle that I'll be back in an hour?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : - Thanks for meeting with me. - Yeah. What's so important?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : You know that I don't take sides on anything
Beckett : between you and your dad, right?