Bauer : Visit us at one of the Eternal Horizons Institute's
Bauer : many reception centers and take the first step
Bauer : at becoming the person you were truly meant to be.
Castle : Wait for it.
Beckett : That's the symbol that Anita and Dwight were drawing.
Castle : Yes, and the boys checked. Sam's been drawing it as well.
Beckett : Okay, so the three of them
UNK: must've been a part of whatever the hell this thing is.
Beckett : That's our connection.
UNK: Except when we asked each of them, they all denied being members.
Beckett : Yeah, but they also said that they killed Justin Marquette,
Beckett : and we know that that's not true either.
Beckett : So where is this EHI?
Ryan : Right here in the city. Midtown.
Castle : This case is exceeding even my lofty expectations.
Castle : An impossible murder connected to a shadowy and mysterious cult.
Beckett : Not to mention prosperous.
UNK: This is prime Manhattan real estate.
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: Hi. We're here to see Dr. Bauer. I'm...
Receptionist : Detective Beckett, Richard Castle.
Receptionist : Welcome to EHI. Dr. Bauer's expecting you.
Beckett : How? We didn't make an appointment.
Receptionist : Dr. Bauer's a brilliant man. Right this way.
Receptionist : He's just inside.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : No, he's not!
Bauer : On the contrary.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: CHUCKLING That is so Big Brother.
Bauer : Greetings, Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle.
Bauer : What can I do for you?
Beckett : Well, you could start by speaking to us in person.
Bauer : Regrettably, I'm in Stockholm conducting a seminar.
Beckett : Okay. Well, then, do you know this man, Justin Marquette?
Bauer : I'm afraid not.
UNK: What about this man? Miles Madsen? I understand he works for you.
Bauer : Mr. Madsen has not been employed by EHI for some time.
Bauer : Years, in fact.
Castle : Well, what did Mr. Madsen do when he worked for you?
Bauer : Since he is no longer in my employ, I don't see the relevance.
Beckett : The relevance is that he is connected to a murder investigation.
Bauer : I'm struck by the level of your hostility, Detective.
Bauer : It's not healthy.
Castle : You know what I'm struck by is your total lack of curiosity
Castle : as to why a Homicide detective is asking about your employee.