UNK: of the Best Traveler inn in Long Island City.
Ryan : I wanted to see if any of our three confessors did attend that EHI event.
UNK: And?
Ryan : No sign of them, but I did see this.
Gates : - That's our victim. - And look who he's with.
Beckett : Dr. Bauer lied to us.
Beckett : He did know Justin.
Castle : We got enough for a warrant now?
Receptionist : Please! You can't take those files!
Esposito : Really? That's not what my warrant says.
Esposito : Now where's Dr. Bauer?
Receptionist : I told you. He's in Stockholm.
Esposito : Where in Stockholm? What hotel?
Esposito : I don't know! He didn't leave a contact number!
OFFICER : Detective,
UNK: Csu Tech : I traced the signal from Bauer's video conference with Detective Beckett.
Esposito : So where in Stockholm is he?
UNK: Csu Tech : That's the thing.
UNK: Csu Tech : The signal was routed through Stockholm,
UNK: Csu Tech : but it looks like it originated from a local IP address.
Esposito : Local? As in Manhattan?
UNK: Csu Tech : - As in inside this building. - Where?
Receptionist : You can't go back there. This area's restricted.
UNK: Csu Tech : That one.
UNK: Don't move!
Esposito : So this is Stockholm.
Bauer : All right, yes, I knew him,
Bauer : but I know nothing about his death.
Castle : And yet you were shredding files.
Castle : Files on Anita, Sam, Dwight, Madsen. All people connected with this case.
Beckett : What happened that day? Why were you there with Justin?
Bauer : All we did was make a film.
Bauer : A film?
Bauer : I didn't kill Justin. I hired him as an actor.
DIRECTOR : And action.
Bauer : It was part of our Image Therapy pilot program.
UNK: Justin flashback : Been waiting for you. Come on in.
UNK: Justin flashback : Let me get you a water.
UNK: MINI-FRIDGE DOOR OPENS
UNK: GROANS
Bauer : The viewer was supposed to project their problems on a person,
Bauer : in this case, Justin.
Beckett : That's why Anita blamed him for her drinking.
Beckett : And why he was the focus of Sam's anger issues.
Castle : I knew it. You were implanting memories.
Bauer : No! No, it was supposed to help them take control of their problems,
Bauer : by literally shooting them dead.
Bauer : We made two versions, one for women and another for men.
Bauer : For the therapy to work,
Bauer : we had to put subjects in a chemically-induced suggestive state
Bauer : while showing them this footage.
UNK: Uh, but it was just too real.
Bauer : They began to internalize the experience,
UNK: and then they started to believe they'd actually killed Justin.
Bauer : We halted the program immediately.
Beckett : But the damage was already done.
Bauer : They threatened to sue.
Bauer : They said we were using them as guinea pigs.
Castle : Which you were.
Bauer : We tried to help them.
Bauer : We brought them back for one final session to correct the problem.
Beckett : And by correcting, you mean dosing them with Propranolol,
Beckett : so that they would forget they ever visited EHI?
Bauer : We were just trying to help people.
Castle : Is that why you sent Madsen after Justin?
Castle : To help him?
Bauer : Madsen only talked with Justin,
Bauer : to remind him of the confidentiality agreement
UNK: that prohibited him from talking about the program.
Bauer : We knew nothing about his murder.
Castle : And yet his death was staged to mirror that video exactly.
Bauer : Why would we do that when we were just trying to make this go away?
Bauer : No. No, no, no, no. Someone is targeting us.
Bauer : Someone who knew about that tape and knew they could use it against us.
UNK: Uh, one of the other test subjects, someone on the crew.
UNK: I'm gonna need a list of all of the people that knew about that video.
PAM : Be sure not to step any further downstage,
Pam : or the backdrop will smack you in the head when it flies in.
EDDIE : Roger that.
Becket : Detective Beckett.
Laura : Do you have news about Justin's case?
UNK: Maid 1 : We do.
Beckett : We now believe that Justin was killed because of a video that he acted in.
Beckett : A video?
Castle : It was made for an organization called EHI.
Castle : And it just so happens it was edited by Kahn Post Production.
EDDIE : Kahn Post?
Eddie : Pam, isn't that where your day job is?
Pam : Yeah, but I don't know about any video.
Castle : We think you do.
Castle : And when you saw the video, you saw an opportunity.
Beckett : Pam, we checked your credit card.
Beckett : We know that you just bought a flip phone.
UNK: So?
Castle : So just before Justin died,
Castle : he was texting someone on a flip phone, presumably his killer.
BECKETT : When we looked into the phone records,
Beckett : there were texts, supposedly from EHI to Justin,
Beckett : offering him $5,000 to reprise his role in that video.
Castle : I'm betting that you gave Justin that phone.
Castle : Probably told him someone from EHI dropped by and wanted him to have it.
UNK: But it wasn't EHI that sent those texts. It was you.
Beckett : You lured him to that hotel and then you killed him.
Pam : Wait, this is crazy.
Pam : Justin was my friend. Why would I do that?
Beckett : We checked your background, Pam.
UNK: One of the men that was killed
Beckett : in that EHI sweat lodge initiation was Alan Clark.
Beckett : Your brother.
Castle : EHI was to blame,
Castle : but no one was held accountable.
Castle : His death was ruled accidental.
UNK: And when you watched that video,
Castle : you realized you had the perfect chance to take them down.
UNK: But you knew that you needed Justin in order to pull it off,
Beckett : so you found a way to get close to him.
Eddie : Oh, my God. That's why you joined our theater company.
Laura : - Pam, what did you do? - You don't understand.
UNK: I had to do it for Alan, for the others.
Pam : Those monsters had to be stopped.
Beckett : By killing an innocent man?
Pam : Justin was not innocent. He was one of them.
Castle : He was just an actor, hired for the day.
Pam : Then why did he stonewall me when I tried to talk to him about it?
Pam : They are all accountable.
Pam : Somebody had to stop them.
Pam : Somebody had to show the world what they really are.
Beckett : Pam, turn around.
Beckett : You're under arrest.
UNK: HANDCUFFS CLICKING
CARSON : So, all of this was about revenge?
Castle : Yeah, and unfortunately you just got caught in the middle.
Dwight : What about Dr. Bauer?
Beckett : EHI has been shut down effective immediately.
Beckett : And the FBI is launching a full-scale investigation.
UNK: And the guy in the red van? The one who drugged us?
UNK: Border Patrol caught him trying to cross into Canada.
Castle : He's being extradited back here now.
CARRUTHERS : What I don't understand is,
Dwight : what made us come in when we did?
UNK: All on the same day?
Castle : Dr. Holloway figures it was some kind of trigger.
Castle : Maybe you read an article on the murder,
Castle : or you saw something on TV.
Beckett : Yeah, but whatever it was, it's over now. You're all free to go.
Beckett : Dwight? Are you okay?
UNK: - Uh, it's nothing. - No, what?
Dwight : I just never got to confess.
UNK: Well, if it makes you feel better, I'll hear it.
Sam : Yeah, me, too. Come on, I'll buy us all a slice.
UNK: Okay, uh... CHUCKLES
UNK: So I walked up to room 147 and knocked on the door...
Beckett : If I have to hear that confession one more time,
UNK: I'm gonna shoot somebody.
Castle : Here's a little something to help you forget.
Beckett : It's okay, Castle. You know I like the weird ones.
UNK: Mmm.
Beckett : It's interesting how malleable the human mind is.
Beckett : I mean, all those people wanted was a little help.
Castle : But instead they became guinea pigs
Castle : all because they turned to the wrong person for answers.
Beckett : Yeah, well, sometimes it's hard to know who the right person is.
Beckett : After all, it took you three tries.
Castle : True, but I figured it out and you didn't even have to drug me.
Beckett : How do you know what I do to you when you're sleeping?
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : Well, whatever it is, wake me up for it next time.
Sam : - CHUCKLES - KNOCK ON DOOR
Holloway : Excuse me.
UNK: Alexis.
Eddie : What's going on?
UNK: SIGHS Dad, can I come home?
Beckett : Come here.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: Thanks.