Cameron : Maybe that doesn't matter to you, but...
Foreman : It doesn't matter. She's not listening.
Cameron : She's asleep.
UNK: Normal stage-one brain waves.
UNK: Maybe she's better?
Hannah : Still blurry.
Foreman : - You fell asleep. - No, I didn't.
UNK: Negative for optic nerve disease.
House : But she sleeps.
UNK: For, like, ten seconds. Maximum one minute.
Foreman : We also checked the ocular pressure. It's normal.
House : And she doesn't know she sleeps.
Foreman : The brain is often unaware of stage one sleep.
UNK: The CT showed no tumors, no clots, no seizure disorder.
House : So she sleeps. She just can't stay asleep.
Foreman : You going somewhere with this?
House : You know what keeps me awake at night?
House : Monsters in the closet.
Foreman : There's no monster in the closet. We looked.
House : Well, it's certainly not showing up on the scans.
House : Where's Cameron?
Foreman : She felt I could deliver the news on my own.
House : Oh, this is going to work out great.
House : Come on.
House : If you two guys can't play nice together, I'm taking away your toys.
House : - I don't care whose fault this is. - If you hadn't...
House : I especially don't care if it was my fault.
House : Whatever this woman has, it's not showing up on our tests.
House : Which means she's sick, just not sick enough for us to see it.
Chase : - You want us to make her sicker? - Yes.
House : I want to stress her body. Specifically her brain.
House : Keep her awake.
UNK: Depriving her of even the few minutes of sleep she does have, it's torture.
House : So is cutting people with knives,
House : but you can totally get away with that if you have a doctor coat on.
Foreman : Those few seconds of sleep are maybe the only reason she's still alive.
House : The more symptoms we can force out of her, the more tests we can do.
House : The more tests we do, the more information we get,
House : the quicker we make a diagnosis.
House : See how much more fun it is when you guys get along?
House : You two take the first four hours.
UNK: Hannah?
UNK: Hannah!
Foreman : You fell asleep.
Hannah : No, I didn't.
Cameron : Your brain doesn't remember. It was just a few seconds.
Max : Is this really necessary?
Foreman : The sooner we find out what's wrong, the sooner she can get a real night's rest.
UNK: Hannah?
Max : Hannah? Hannah.
UNK: Ow.
Hannah : - What did you do that for? - You fell asleep again.
Hannah : - No, I didn't. - We're sorry.
Foreman : We have to do this.
UNK: We don't have to be cruel.
Foreman : You know what happens when you're nice? Nothing.
Cameron : That's how you define nice? Not stealing?
UNK: Doctors!
UNK: Did she fall asleep again?
Cameron : - We've got rectal bleeding. - What, all of you?
House : So the monster is peeking out from under the bed.
House : Which either means she has a clotting disorder
House : or she has a tumor in her colon.
Chase : - I'll do a colonoscopy. - Who's keeping her awake now?
Foreman : I figured once we found another symptom, it really didn't matter.
Cameron : - Yeah, he's got all the ideas. - Who is with her?
UNK: Her partner's donating blood, so she's with a nurse.
House : Probably singing her lullabies. I want her awake.