Chase : Max's cardiac arrest was caused by hypoxia from hypoventilation.
Chase : They restarted her heart,
Chase : and the right lobe of her liver was successfully transplanted into Hannah.
House : Now, where were we
House : before we were so rudely interrupted by the liver transplant?
Foreman : Dopa decarboxylase was processed normally,
Foreman : and the ceruloplasmin and copper levels were normal.
Foreman : So, no Wilson's disease.
Cameron : Gastric content was negative for spores, so no mushroom toxicity.
UNK: And initial tests were negative for cancer.
Wilson : - Which cancer were you looking for? - Any of them.
Cameron : We ran blood tests for ovarian, lung and lymphomas.
UNK: Not gonna tell you much.
UNK: Her blood was taken after she was given immunosuppressants.
Wilson : They fight rejection.
Wilson : They also mess up our ability to get any clear readings.
House : Great battles kick up a lot of dirt.
House : Obscure the battlefield so generals can't see what's going on.
Wilson : So, what are your orders, General House?
House : Sound the retreat.
UNK: How you feeling?
UNK: Is Max okay?
Foreman : She's still unconscious, but her vitals look good.
Foreman : We need to stop all the immunosuppressant drugs
Foreman : which are protecting your new liver.
Hannah : But if you stop the drugs, I'll die.
Foreman : You're dead anyway if we don't figure out what caused all this.
Foreman : By removing any outside influences,
Foreman : it'll help us see what's really going on with your body.
UNK: So you did all this to buy me a couple of days,
UNK: and now you're taking one back?
Hannah : Will it hurt?
UNK: As your body goes into acute organ rejection,
Foreman : your liver will begin to swell, and that'll put pressure on...
Foreman : Yeah, it'll hurt.
Foreman : But we can knock you out.
Hannah : No, if Max wakes up, I want to talk to her.
Daughter : She's been taking the decongestants, but she's not getting better.
Daughter : - She also says... - What?
Daughter : Her boobs are bigger.
House : How could you get them mixed up?
House : They come in a little wheel. They don't look anything like decongestants.
Daughter : Oh, God. The cashier put them both in the same bag.
Daughter : I thought I gave her the right ones.
House : No, you gave her the wrong pills.
Daughter : You speak Mandarin?
House : I can count to ten, ask to go to the bathroom and...
Daughter : I'm not pregnant. We haven't even done it yet!
UNK: Okay, I'm going to leave you two alone now.
UNK: I'm sure you got a lot to talk about.
Cameron : Fever is 106. She's in full rejection mode.
House : Is that supposed to surprise me?
Cameron : Her white count is normal.
House : Normal is not normal. She's been on steroids.
UNK: The transplant team gave her a cocktail of immunosuppressants.
House : She hasn't slept in over a week. Her white count should be in the tank.
Foreman : Looks like the problem is some sort of infection.
UNK: Probably caused the hypotension, shocked the liver.
Chase : We should start broad-spectrum antibiotics.
House : Yeah, you might want to add some chicken soup.
UNK: It'd be just as useless, but it's got chicken.
House : We need to know exactly what kind of infection we're dealing with.
House : What infection causes sleep disturbance, bleeding, a movement disorder,
House : organ failure and an abnormally normal white count.
Chase : - What about tularemia? - Chest was clear.
Cameron : Tularemia doesn't cause movement disorders.
Foreman : - It would if she developed meningitis. - There was no ulcerations on the skin.
UNK: With the bleeding, it looks more like leptospirosis.
House : Without conjunctivitis and elevated creatinine?
Forman : What about typhoid or some kind of relapsing fever?
Cameron : Makes sense, if we were in the Sudan.
UNK: Are you sure she hasn't been out of the country?
Cameron : She hasn't even been out of the state in at least a year. Neither has Max.
Foreman : Maybe she lied.
UNK: - You talk to her friends, neighbors? - You don't know?
Cameron : Come on, if you don't stay up-to-date on my notes,
Cameron : where's your next article gonna come from?
House : Talked to the dog?
Cameron : We're not as up on foreign languages as you are.
House : - Has the dog been traveling? - It came from a breeder.
Cameron : - Where? - I don't know.
Cameron : Place called Blue Barrel Kennels.
Cameron : They only had the thing for, like, two days.
House : Blue barrel is a kind of cactus.
House : You see many cacti in Jersey?