Chase : You have to sedate a patient to do a colonoscopy.
House : Why? Just because of the pain?
House : If you find a tumor in her colon, you can knock her out.
House : If you don't, she stays awake.
UNK: Oh! God, it hurts!
Max : - Can't you hurry? - Trust me, you don't want me to hurry.
Hannah : God, you're killing me!
Max : Hold my hand.
Cameron : Keep breathing, nice and steady.
Cameron : How am I supposed to work with him?
Chase : Maybe we shouldn't be talking about this right now?
Cameron : Think I'm overreacting?
Chase : I need you to relax your anus.
Max : We're not here. We're skiing.
Max : It's Thanksgiving at Vail.
UNK: You want me to think about nearly killing myself on a snowboard?
Max : Come on, you never fell.
Max : You were awesome.
Cameron : Is that what you told him? I'm hysterical and I need to relax my anus?
Chase : I told him... How many cases do we work up in a year?
Chase : They're all weird. He could have written up any one of them.
Max : She's bleeding.
Hannah : I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
Chase : Hold on.
Foreman : We packed her nose to control the bleed
Foreman : and started transfusing two units of whole blood.
UNK: The pathology from the rectal bleed showed traces of nasal epithelium.
UNK: So the butt bleed's just a nose bleed.
Cameron : That much blood is not a "just a" anything.
House : When two people fight this much, you know what it means.
Foreman : It's gotta be a massive sinus hemorrhage
Foreman : that was draining down her throat and out the back.
Cameron : - The question isn't what, it's why. - Oh, get a room.
Foreman : Rat poison mixed with some sort of neurogenic toxin
UNK: could cause bleeding and sleep disturbances.
Cameron : Do you have a specific type of neurogenic toxin in mind,
Cameron : or should we just start running a thousand different tox screens?
House : Just pretend I'm not here. I'll be reading.
UNK: It could also be some type of coagulopathy.
Cameron : Or it could be us. Do you have any idea what it feels like
UNK: to have a six-foot-long hose shoved into your large intestine?
House : No, but I now have a much greater respect for whichever basketball player
House : you dated in college.
Cameron : We've basically been torturing this girl for the last eight hours.
Foreman : We've been poking her foot, not punching her face.
Cameron : Extreme stress can cause high blood pressure,
Cameron : - which can cause bleeding. - Wouldn't keep her awake for ten days.
House : What if the poison ivy wasn't poison ivy?
House : She got the rash that was diagnosed as poison ivy
House : around the same time the insomnia started.
UNK: Rash plus nose bleed plus sleep disturbance
House : equals Wegener's granulomatosis.
House : Start corticosteroid treatment.
Foreman : - The poison ivy treatment was steroids. - Much lower dosage.
House : Get her back on the juice and triple the dose.
UNK: Get a cANCA and an upper airway biopsy to confirm the Wegener's.
UNK: She has menstrual problems.
Daughter : They're really bad. The pain keeps her in bed all day.
Daughter : Plus, she's super depressed.
UNK: She said, "Super depressed"?
Daughter : She heard that birth control pills can make her feel better.
House : She wants birth control pills for her PMS.
Daughter : I guess.