House : Wanna see a magic trick?
House : Oh, no. Where'd it go? Where'd it go?
House : Is it here?
UNK: No. What about here?
House : There it is.
UNK: Oh, that doesn't look anything like a nose.
Cameron : That wasn't there this morning.
UNK: - Get that to the lab and call the CDC. - Tell them what?
House : That we have a patient with the plague.
Chase : - The black plague? - Looks that way.
Cameron : Plague is carried by rodents, not dogs.
House : Where there's dogs, there's fleas. If they hail from the Southwest,
House : then those fleas can't tell the difference
House : between prairie dogs and puppy dogs.
House : A small percentage of plague cases present with sleep disturbance.
House : Imagine an idyllic river of bacteria.
House : Okay, it's not idyllic for her, but it serves my purposes.
UNK: The steroids and immunosuppressants
UNK: acted like a big honking dam across the river. Physics 101.
House : Put a dam up in front of a raging river, the river rises.
House : By stopping the immunosuppressants, we blew up the dam,
UNK: and a 100-foot wall of bacteria flooded her lymph nodes.
Foreman : We better find out where that dog is now.
House : After you restart the immunosuppressants,
UNK: and fill her up to the eyeballs
House : with streptomycin sulfate, gentamicin and tetracycline.
UNK: Use a garden hose if we've got one.
House : Get yourselves some prophylactic treatments as well.
Hannah : I've got the plague?
House : Don't worry, it's treatable.
House : Being a bitch, though, nothing we can do about that.
Cameron : You weren't in your room.
Max : The surgeon said I'd heal faster if I walk.
UNK: I got this far, needed a rest.
Cameron : What you did was crazy, but it was pretty amazing, too.
Max : Yeah. I'm a hero.
Max : She's been planning to leave me.
UNK: Really?
Max : She told a friend. The friend let it slip.
Cameron : You knew, and you gave up half your liver anyway?
Max : She can't leave me now.
Cameron : You really want her to stay out of guilt?
UNK: That's not gonna make either of you happy.
Max : You don't know that.
Max : I love her.
Max : I just want her to stay.
Cameron : I don't own House's cases.
Cameron : You had just as much right as I did to write it up.
Cameron : You should have told me, but I should have handled it better, too.
Cameron : If we want this not to get in the way of our friendship,
Cameron : I think we both have to apologize and put it behind us.
Foreman : I like you, really.
Foreman : We have a good time working together.
UNK: But 10 years from now,
UNK: we're not gonna be hanging out and having dinners.
Foreman : Maybe we'll exchange Christmas cards, say hi,
Foreman : give a hug if we're at the same conference.
Foreman : We're not friends. We're colleagues.
Foreman : And I don't have anything to apologize for.