Cuddy : You've seen one patient in the last two hours.
House : Complicated case.
House : I'm a night owl.
House : Wilson's an early bird. We're different species.
Cuddy : Move him into his own cage.
House : Who'll clean the droppings from mine?
UNK: Twenty-five-year-old female with sleep issues.
House : I'm guessing she's...
House : What's the medical term? Upset!
House : These 25-year-old females, they're usually completely rational.
House : They're rocks, really.
House : My theory seems to be supported by the fact
House : that she swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills.
UNK: Get her a shrink. I need some shut-eye.
Cuddy : She's a little bit more than upset. She hasn't slept in ten days.
House : She's lying.
House : Without REM sleep, your neurons start regenerating.
UNK: Your brain shuts down lobe by lobe.
House : She'd be insane after five days, dead by ten.
Cuddy : Give me a little credit. I know what gets you off.
Cuddy : She took the pills to sleep, not to kill herself.
House : - Clever alibi. - They didn't work.
Cuddy : She stayed awake, even though she downed the whole bottle.
UNK: And the longest anyone's ever survived without sleep is 11 days.
Cuddy : Which gives you about 22 hours.
Cameron : - You stole my article. - I wouldn't do that.
Cameron : I wrote up the case where we induced hypothermic cardiac arrest
Cameron : in the terminal cancer girl.
Foreman : I wrote my own. I didn't steal yours.
Cameron : You knew I was writing one. You gave me notes!
House : Got a case.
House : It can wait. You two finish.
House : Five bucks says someone loses an eye.
House : Fine, you're only putting off the inevitable.
UNK: Twenty-five-year-old female hasn't slept for ten days.
Cameron : I assume the ER tried giving her some sedatives.
Cameron : We should up the dosage.
Foreman : - Sedation isn't the same as sleep. - Thanks for your insight.
Cameron : For someone who hasn't slept in ten days, sedation is a great start.
Foreman : Sleep is an active process. Reboots the system, restores the brain.
Foreman : - Sedatives don't... - The brain is being stressed.
Cameron : We need to relieve that.
Cameron : You've had my article on your desk for the last four months.
House : I'm a very slow reader.
House : No fever, no white count, means no infection.
UNK: Schizophrenia?
House : - No delusions. - You read his.
UNK: Signed it. Didn't read it.
House : Aside from the sleeping pills, tox screen was clean.
UNK: No cocaine, methamphetamines or diet pills.
UNK: The only medication she's had recently
Chase : are steroids for poison ivy and ibuprofen for a knee she hurt skiing.
Cameron : Nothing that would cause sleep disturbances.
Cameron : - When did you get his article? - About three weeks ago.
House : - Let's go back to the beginning. - How far back?
UNK: Genesis.
UNK: God said, "Let there be light."
Foreman : Sleep is initially controlled by external light cues.
Chase : And if her brain can't interpret those cues...
Foreman : Optic nerve disease.
House : I'm sensing another article.
Cameron : I'll go run the tests.
Cameron : I'm injecting a dye which will allow us to take a look at your retina
Cameron : and your optic nerve.
UNK: - Everything's kind of blurry. - Normal, because of the dye.
Cameron : It's going to be that way the next few hours.
Foreman : - Need a hand? - No.
UNK: Are we never going to work together again?
Cameron : I just don't see the need to make you feel better by forgiving you.
Foreman : I wasn't asking for forgiveness. I was asking if you needed help.
Cameron : It's unprofessional to be talking about this in front of the patient.