UNK: Was this just one of your experiments?
Cameron : You just wanted to see how I'd react to being screwed over by Foreman?
House : Nice idea, but no. This was just good old-fashioned laziness.
House : I gotta hand it to Foreman, though.
UNK: He knew that you were a suck-up and I don't give a crap.
House : He successfully exploited us both.
Cameron : Right, we're both victims. A simple heads up, that's all I needed.
UNK: Maybe between your incredibly witty remarks
Cameron : about anal sex and Cuddy's breasts, you could have tipped me off.
UNK: Yeah, but then I'd have Foreman pissed at me.
UNK: And as annoying as you could be,
House : at least I know you're not gonna pop a cap in my ass.
House : Witty, huh?
House : You, on the other hand, continue to be flabbergasted
House : every time someone actually acts like a human being.
House : Foreman did what he did because it worked out best that way for him.
House : That's what everyone does.
Cameron : That is not the definition of being human.
UNK: It's the definition of being an ass.
Chase : This will numb you up.
Chase : And this will keep your tongue out of the way.
Chase : Don't worry. You shouldn't feel anything except for a slight pulling.
UNK: So, do you think I was out of line?
UNK: That article would have sat on House's desk for the next six years.
UNK: I could've told her.
Chase : You could have written it for her, too. She knows House as well as any of us.
UNK: She should've known she was waiting for him
UNK: to do something he was never gonna do.
UNK: Chase?
UNK: Hannah? You still with us?
Max : - What's wrong with her eyes? - It looks like REM.
Max : - What's that? - Rapid Eye Movements.
Chase : It's what your eyes do when you're sleeping.
Max : - But she's awake. - Hannah!
Foreman : Hannah, can you hear me?
Hannah : Yeah, of course.
House : - Was she sitting up or lying down? - Sitting up.
House : Then it wasn't REM.
Cameron : Chase says her eyes were moving the exact way...
House : You start her on the steroids?
Chase : - Not yet. We were still doing... - Then she wasn't sleeping.
Chase : - How do you know? - Because we haven't done anything yet.
House : She may be able to sleep with her eyes open, but unless you also discover
House : she's got two extra teats and hooves for feet,
UNK: there's no way she'd be able to maintain enough muscle tensity
House : during REM sleep to sit upright.
House : It's a movement disorder, which rules out Wegener's.
House : Where's Foreman?
House : - Keeping her awake. - Good.
Chase : Rabies could cause muscle spasms, malaise, anxiety and wakefulness.
UNK: Pretty unlikely she'd forget being bitten by a crazed animal.
UNK: She could've been exposed through an open wound.
UNK: - Does she have a dog? - For less than a week.
Cameron : She had an allergic reaction, so they had to give it away.
UNK: Allergies.
Cameron : Animal allergies seems unlikely, but it's possible that...
Cameron : - When? - When what?
House : - When did she get rid of the dog? - About a month ago.
Cameron : Her girlfriend gave it to her for her birthday.
House : Well, then, it's not allergies.
House : She's just leaving her girlfriend.
Cameron : You... spoke to the dog?
House : If her birthday was a month ago,
UNK: she would have still been on steroids for the poison ivy.
House : Those meds would have suppressed any reaction
House : she might have had to the dog,
House : which means she lied about being allergic. A dog's a commitment.
House : You pretend to be allergic because you don't want to tell your girlfriend
House : that you're not planning on being around that long.