Castle : We talked to the dean ofyour department.
Castle : He told us about your obsession,
Castle : how it ruined your marriage and nearly destroyed you.
Marion : That is not true.
Esposito : Because you never found that tomb.
Castle : Now, that must have been a bitter pill to swallow,
Castle : knowing that Lars used all ofyour hard-earned research
UNK: to find something you never could.
Castle : And now he was going to get all the fame and fortune
Castle : that you never would.
Marion : Mr. Castle, you really do have an overactive imagination.
Marion : You could no more prove that story you just spun
Marion : than you could prove that genies come out of lamps
Marion : and grant three wishes.
Esposito : Actually, that's not true.
Esposito : Uniforms searched your home, they found the lamp.
Castle : I guess you're as good at hiding treasure
Castle : as you are at finding it.
Esposito : Dr. Baker, you're under arrest for the murder of Lars Cross
Esposito : and Yuruk Sezen.
Esposito : You better watch out, Castle.
Esposito : I may have to steal your blonde.
Castle : I still have two wishes left.
UNK: AII the rubbing in the world is not gonna do you any good.
UNK: Can I get a "That's what she said"?
UNK: Oh. who's that?
Beckett : Prince Khalid Hasheim of the Jordanian royal family.
Beckett : He's here to bail out Genevieve.
UNK: Methinks we've found our mysterious Mr. X.
Beckett : Prince Hasheim.
Beckett : I'm Captain Beckett, this is Mr. Castle.
Castle : Or perhaps we should call you Mr. X.
Genevieve : Mr. X is my employer.
Genevieve : He paid me to protect the contents of Solomon's tomb.
UNK: Prince Khalid Hasheim : Right. well, I don't know this gentleman,
UNK: Prince Khalid Hasheim : but anyone who helps protect the history of my region is to be applauded.
Martha : Of course.
Castle : So, what's going to happen to the antiquities and the lamp now?
Hasheim : I'm no expert, but given the way that they entered the country
Hasheim : and their connection to a murder trial,
Hasheim : they'll be tied up in legal battles for years.
Beckett : Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
UNK: I'm sure that Mr. X will be very disappointed,
UNK: considering he worked so hard to procure them.
Hasheim : I don't know about that, Captain.
Hasheim : If one wished to keep priceless history safe from looters and terrorists,
Hasheim : there is no better place for them to wait out the conflict
Hasheim : than in the basement of the Smithsonian.
UNK: It was a pleasure meeting you both.
UNK: Come along, Genie.
Beckett : Here we go again.
UNK: That... She was...
Esposito : So, I just got off the phone with Ryan.
Esposito : There's been some complications with Jenny's labor.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Everything was normal, uh,
Ryan : until Jenny started hyperventilating.
Ryan : She lost consciousness.
Ryan : Doctors think it might be an amniotic fluid embolism.
UNK: But they're trying to stabilize her now,
Ryan : so that they can deliver the baby.
Esposito : - We're here, bro, whatever you need. - Thanks. Thanks.
Ryan : I should get back in there.
Castle : Let's settle in.
Beckett : Hey, so, um...
UNK: Obviously, I don't believe in genies or wishes.
Beckett : But, just in case, I was
Beckett : wondering if you could use one of your wishes for Jenny and the baby?
Castle : I already did. Both of them.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: Uh... The doctors, they stabilized Jenny, and...
Ryan : She delivered a healthy baby boy.
Castle : - Yes! - Yeah.
Lanie : What's his name?
Martha : - Oh. - His name is
Ryan : Nicholas Javier Ryan.
UNK: Aw!
Esposito : Tell me you spelled it right on the birth certificate.
UNK: Aw! I want one, too.
Beckett : So, if you see that genie again, you mind telling her I said thank you?
UNK: Oh. I think I'm all done with genies.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Why the change of heart?
UNK: Because ofyou, of course.
Beckett : Oh, really? So, after eight years,
Beckett : some of my common sense has finally rubbed off on you.
Castle : No, no, no. Nothing like that.
UNK: Um... I have no need for genies,
UNK: mainly because I already have everything I could ever wish for.
UNK: I...
Beckett : Right back at you, handsome.
UNK: Wait. So, you wouldn't even wish for a working lightsaber?
UNK: Nope.
Beckett : Okay, transporter?
Beckett : Like the ones in Star Trek? You would never have to fly again.
Castle : - I like flying. - Huh.
Beckett : Time machine?
Castle : Only to go back and fall in love with you all over again.
Beckett : Wow. That was a good answer.
Castle : I know, right?
Castle : Make way, Daddy.
Castle : How's Jenny?
UNK: Ah. She's exhausted.