UNK: Yeah, Cap. The front desk confirmed
UNK: that an AI Aiden checked into Room 57 this morning.
Esposito : We're on our way to the room now.
Beckett : - Mike Harlin? - Oh!
UNK: NYPD!
Ryan : - Hey! Away from the window. Now! - Okay, okay!
Ryan : - Get on your knees, right now! - Okay, okay. Chill, man.
Esposito : Interlace your fingers behind your head.
UNK: AII right.
Mike : I knew she'd lead you to me.
UNK: Who? what are you talking about?
Mike : The genie, man. She's out to get me.
Mike : Genies are evil,
Mike : and their wishes bring about nothing but misery.
UNK: Aha.
Castle : I see what's happening here.
Castle : The wandering ronin genie is angry with Harlin for killing her master.
Castle : That's why she prevented him from finding the lamp.
Beckett : Yeah, Castle, the man is either delusional
Beckett : or he's laying the groundwork for some BS insanity plea.
Beckett : What's your excuse?
Esposito : Let's talk about Lars, and how you chopped his head offwith a sword.
Mike : No, no, no. I didn't kill him. Okay?
Mike : I was at my mom's birthday party when he got murdered.
Mike : Man, check it out.
UNK: I'm sure whoever took Lars' head off is coming for mine next.
Ryan : - Really? why is that? - I know too much.
Mike : Me and Lars, we met on the job in Turkey. Okay?
Mike : And then one day, after a sonar search for oil pockets,
Mike : Lars came to me, he was all excited.
Ryan : Because he found the location of King Solomon's tomb.
Ryan : And you used your skills as an excavator to help him dig it up.
Mike : No, no. It wasn't that easy.
Mike : We needed money to do it safely. Okay?
Mike : So, Lars, he found some guy.
UNK: He offered us $250K each in cash to do the dig.
UNK: The catch was, ifwe found something, well, Lars had to ship it to the guy
UNK: who's here in New York.
Esposito : - Okay, so who is this financier? - I don't know.
Mike : Look, the money was too good, so I didn't ask any questions.
Mike : I wish I did, though,
Mike : 'cause opening that tomb was the worst thing that happened to us.
Mike : I mean, the moment we took that lamp,
Mike : that genie unleashed its vengeance, man.
Esposito : You can't honestly be trying to tell us that you saw a genie.
Mike : No. But genies can choose to appear or not to appear to anyone they want.
Castle : That's true.
Castle : Professor Baker told me that, and she's a doctor.
UNK: So...
Mike : Guys, I didn't believe in genies either, okay, until my life fell apart.
Mike : I found my girlfriend in bed with my roommate.
Mike : And then I stayed with my mom
UNK: and my mom accidentally threw out the duffle bag with my 250 G's.
Mike : And when I think that things, they can't get any worse,
Mike : I found out that Lars got his head lopped off.
Mike : And now that genie, that crazy, evil genie is after me, man. I know it.
UNK: Okay, Harlin, I'm gonna have to get you off the crazy train
Esposito : that you're riding on right now.
Ryan : Yeah, we know that the shipment got screwed up
Ryan : and you suspected that Lars double-crossed you.
Mike : What? No.
UNK: No, Lars did not double-cross me. He got double-crossed by the shipper.
Mike : Well, really, the smuggler.
UNK: You can'tjust walk past customs with priceless relics
Mike : and expect no one to notice, right?
Ryan : So, Lars hired a guy back in Turkey to ship the items back?
Ryan : - What was his name? - I don't know.
Mike : I do know... Hold on. I do know that he lied to the shipper.
UNK: Okay? He told him that it was just mining equipment.
Mike : The only thing was that one from his crewjimmied the crate
Mike : and found the artifacts.
Ryan : Let me guess, the shipper started seeing dollar signs.
Mike : Yeah, and then he demanded 400 grand in cash,
Mike : just to release the shipment.
UNK: That explains the cash we found in Lars' safe-deposit box.
Ryan : Right, but how the hell did Lars get his hands on 400,000 bucks?
Beckett : Don't say that he wished for it.
Beckett : He probably got the money from the financier.
UNK: Wait a minute, but the one thing that doesn't make sense
Beckett : is if Lars already had the extortion money,
Beckett : then why did the shipper kill him?
Beckett : Don't... Do not say that it was to gain control of the genie.
Castle : I wasn't gonna.
Mike : Okay, I was, but there is another possibility.
Castle : Maybe the shipper kept the treasure for himself.
Beckett : Well, then why torture Lars?
Beckett : I mean, what information could he possibly want
Beckett : if he already had the artifacts?
Beckett : Hey, guys, any leads on who the financier is?
Esposito : No, whoever paid for Lars and Harlin's tomb raiding
Esposito : made sure to cover their tracks.
Ryan : Well, Harlin's alibi checked out.
Esposito : Which means that this mystery shipper is our prime suspect.
Ryan : If he was extorting Lars, he'd have plenty of motive for murder.
Beckett : Okay, check in with Customs.
UNK: Let's get a list of all of the ships
Beckett : that have come in from Turkey in the last week.
UNK: Ifwe can track down those antiquities, that should lead us to the killer.
UNK: Hey, are you okay?
Castle : No. I've been doing some digging into that mystery blonde.
UNK: Uh... You mean the reporter?
UNK: She's no more a reporter than she was Lars' neighbor.
Beckett : What? She lied to you again?
Castle : This is the real Lindsay Dillon, a 65-year-old black woman
UNK: Iiving in Tallahassee.
UNK: Oh. So, what's this blonde's angle?
Castle : I wish I knew.
Castle : She lies out of one side of her mouth
UNK: and helps with the investigation out of the other.
UNK: Itjust doesn't make any sense.
UNK: I mean, for all we know, she could be working with the killer,
Beckett : trying to steer us in the wrong direction.
Castle : Twice, she just vanished on me.
Castle : Vanished on me.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Appearing and disappearing at will.
Castle : Being both deceptive and helpful.
Alexis : The mystery blonde is Lars' Ronin genie!
Castle : Wandering the Earth, waiting for someone to find her lamp.
Castle : She's chosen to appear to me.
Beckett : That's it, I'm cutting you off.
Beckett : No, no, no. She's giving me clues, Beckett.
Castle : She wants me to find the lamp...
Castle : I think she wants me to be her new master.
Beckett : And you know what I think?
Beckett : You need to call me the next time you see her,
Beckett : so I can question her.
UNK: I've got to come up with a wish list. Oh, my God, I have so many.
Castle : How am I going to whittle it down to three?
Beckett : - That's funny, I just have one. - What's that?
Beckett : That my man would stop talking about being some skeezy blonde's master
Beckett : and would start talking about taking his wife to bed.
UNK: Oh. well, I don't need a genie to grant that wish.
UNK: Hey, Cap. So, we cross-checked Customs' records