Castle : Perfect. Thank you, Diane.
UNK: - Guys? Look at this. - Yeah.
UNK: These books from Lars' apartment on The 1,001 Arabian Nights,
Castle : they all have handwritten notes in them.
Esposito : This one has maps drawn in it.
Ryan : This one has his theories on where King Solomon is buried.
UNK: These books were his research that he used in conjunction
Castle : with his skills as a sonar engineer to unearth King Solomon's tomb.
Ryan : Yeah, we're with you on that.
UNK: And find the magical lamp with the genie in it.
Esposito : That's where you lose us, Castle.
Beckett : The only thing magical about that lamp
Beckett : is the millions of dollars that private collectors are willing to pay for it.
Ryan : Come on, Castle, you don't really believe in genies, do you?
Castle : I believe that until I hear a more viable theory
Castle : as to where Lars got all that money,
UNK: that this is the best theory I've got.
Esposito : So, a genie is your best explanation?
Beckett : Not that Lars sold one of the items in Turkey
Beckett : before smuggling the rest back here?
UNK: Okay, that's a pretty good theory.
UNK: Or that Lars double-crossed his partner,
Ryan : and that's probably where all the cash came from?
Castle : Fine, that's a good theory, too.
UNK: No, no, no. That's better than good. It explains why the killer tortured him.
Beckett : If it was his partner, then he would have wanted to find out
Beckett : what happened to the antiquities.
UNK: We'll look into Lars' time in Turkey.
UNK: See ifwe can dig up a connection to his partner.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : My money, it's whoever took those pictures.
UNK: What do you got there?
Castle : The woman who wrote this book, Dr. Marion Baker,
Castle : she's a professor of Middle Eastern Iiterature at Hudson University.
Castle : We should go talk to her.
Castle : Knowing more about the lamp
UNK: will help us figure out why Lars was killed for it.
Beckett : You just want to find out more about genies and wishes.
Mark : - Well, yeah. - Fine. Go ahead. Meet with Dr. Baker.
Beckett : Maybe she can talk some sense into you.
Castle : Your wish is my command.
Castle : Smoke. And he's gone.
Castle : Okay, now I'm gone.
Mark : Oh, my...
Marion : King Solomon's tomb. Remarkable.
Marion : It's arguably the greatest discovery in the last 50 years.
Castle : Now, this, Dr. Baker, is what I need your expertise with.
UNK: Certainly.
Marion : Well, you see these grooves?
Marion : They indicate it was a wheel-made lamp,
UNK: versus the mold-based ones that became so popular in the 4th...
Castle : Fascinating, Doctor.
Castle : But can you skip ahead to the part
Ryan : where King Solomon seals a genie inside of it?
Marion : - Did Sidney put you up to this? - Who's Sidney?
Marion : The schmuck I beat out for tenure.
Castle : Dr. Baker, I do not know Sidney.
UNK: This is not a joke. I'm very serious.
Marion : But you're acting as if you believe in genies.
Alexis : Doctor, it's not an act.
Marion : Well, the story of Aladdin and the Magic Lamp
Marion : is a romantic metaphor, nothing more.
Castle : Of course, but what if, and I'm only saying, what if
Castle : the legend of genies were based in fact?
Marion : Well, I certainly hope it isn't. Genies are frightful creatures.
Castle : You're saying they're not the cheery '60s housewives
Castle : or singing blue cartoons?
UNK: I'll put it to you like this.
UNK: In Arabic, they use the same word for demon as they do for genie.
UNK: They're dangerous, capricious tricksters,
UNK: who appear and disappear in gentle breezes
UNK: or a whirlwind of dust.
UNK: Now, what ifthe master of the lamp is killed before the wishes are granted?
UNK: Well, then the master-Iess genie would be separated from its lamp.
Castle : - Like a Japanese Ronin samurai? - Exactly.
Marion : But the genie would be forced to wander the Earth
Marion : until a new master rubs the lamp.
Castle : - Tell me more, Dr. Baker. - Oh. Sure.
Marion : For the low, low price of $19.95. Buy my book.
Marion : You don't give your stories away for free, Mr. Castle,
Marion : and neither do I.
UNK: So, ifyou'll excuse me, I have a class to teach.
Castle : - Thank you. - Thank you.