Ryan : Oh, right. And yet you did have time to creep over to the lamp,
Ryan : examine it, get held at gunpoint,
Ryan : rub the lamp, make a wish upon the lamp
Ryan : and have a genie appear in a puff of smoke
UNK: and knock the "woman thug" over the head with a 2x4.
Castle : You forgot the part where it was dark and super dusty.
Ryan : Castle, you're just lucky that Lanie was able to pull DNA offYuruk's body.
Castle : Did she manage to get a match?
Ryan : No, but she was able to determine that the killer was a female.
Castle : Most likely the woman holding me at gunpoint.
Ryan : Or your magical blonde genie.
Esposito : - The one only Castle's seen. - Mmm.
UNK: Wait a minute. So neither ofyou believe me?
Esposito : No, bro, I do believe you.
Esposito : Actually, I was able to ID the genie based on your description.
Castle : Good work.
Castle : Laugh it up, you guys.
Castle : I still have two wishes left, and I'm not above using them for evil.
Alexis : - Dad. - Ah! Alexis. Good. Great.
Castle : Tell these guys I am not crazy for believing in a genie.
Castle : And before you answer, remember I spent six months
Castle : making an extra lunch for your imaginary friend.
Castle : - Really? - Guys, I was seven.
Alexis : But you're not crazy.
Alexis : The mystery blonde is real.
Castle : - Thank you. - But she's not a genie.
Alexis : Her name is Genevieve Sutton. She has an office on Second Avenue.
Alexis : She's listed as a security consultant.
UNK: A fixer, by the sound of it.
Esposito : How did you get this info, Alexis?
Alexis : After Dad left, I dusted his desk for prints.
Alexis : Got a little help from Hayley,
Castle : So, she's not a genie.
Esposito : I'm sorry.
Castle : Genevieve is short for Genie.
Castle : I mean, seriously, if she can grant wishes,
UNK: then a driver's license... That would be a piece of cake.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. But why would a genie want to do that?
Ryan : Oh, seriously, who cares? Make-believe time with Castle is over.
UNK: We're gonna bring in Genevieve and find out the real story.
UNK: Someone needs some ice cream?
Lars : - Me. - Yeah.
Beckett : Castle, what...
Castle : You may have everyone else fooled, but not me.
Beckett : Castle, let me in.
Castle : I am your master. I command you to tell me the truth.
Castle : Are you a genie or not?
Genevieve : Can you let her in? Because you're seriously weirding me out.
UNK: I'm gonna take that as a maybe.
UNK: I'd apologize, but his behavior is the least ofyour worries.
UNK: You are accused oftwo homicides
Beckett : and connected to the theft and trafficking
Beckett : of millions of dollars in antiquities.
Beckett : So, your best bet is to start talking.
Genevieve : Look, I didn't kill anyone.
Genevieve : And I was trying to keep the relics from falling into the wrong hands.
UNK: And I would've, too,
Genevieve : if I hadn't had to save your reality-challenged husband.
UNK: I prefer "fantasy-augmented."
UNK: what do you mean by "wrong hands"?
Genevieve : Lars was hired to excavate the antiquities in order to protect them.
Beckett : Hired by who?
Genevieve : An anonymous benefactor. Let's call him Mr. X.
Genevieve : With the Syrian conflict threatening to spill over into Turkey,
Genevieve : Mr. X became concerned that Solomon's tomb would be destroyed,
Genevieve : or worse, looted,
Genevieve : and the relics sold to fund terrorism.
UNK: And you knew all of this? How?
Genevieve : Mr. X retained my services
Genevieve : in order to ensure Lars recovered the artifacts from Yuruk.
Beckett : But, instead, Lars ended up dead.
UNK: Unfortunately.
Genevieve : The night that Lars was murdered, I was pulled away on a false lead.
Genevieve : When I got back, the cops were everywhere.
Genevieve : So I targeted Mr. Castle, as a way to learn what the police knew.
Castle : I don't suppose you got the license plate of that truck
Castle : as you were saving me?
Genevieve : No. But I did before I saved you.
Ryan : State police has found the truck.
UNK: We tapped into a live feed from a rest stop outside of Rye.
UNK: Officer 1 : We've got eyes on the truck.
Ryan : Do you have confirmation of passengers?
UNK: Officer 1 : Affirmative. Two passengers.
UNK: Officer 1 : Male and female, fitting the descriptions of the suspects.
Ryan : Hey, babe. Sorry, it's not really a good time right now.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Uh... Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will be right there.
UNK: Um... Hey, guys.
Ryan : - Jenny's having the baby! - That's awesome, man.
UNK: - Yeah, that's great! Go! Go! - Call me, bro.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Holdon, suspects are exiting the truck.
UNK: Officer 1 : - Do we have a green light? - Affirmative.
UNK: NYPD! Getdown!
UNK: Officer 1 : Gun, gun!