Alexis : Dad, what are you thinking?
Castle : Lars found the lamp,
Castle : and, clearly, he rubbed it.
UNK: But that makes him the genie's master, right?
Castle : But if no one has rubbed the lamp since,
Castle : and I were to discover it,
UNK: then that would make me the genie's new master.
Alexis : Okay, let's just pretend that all this is real.
Alexis : You do realize that if Lars was the genie's master,
Alexis : it didn't work out so well for him in the end.
Castle : What are you saying?
Alexis : Be careful what you wish for.
UNK: Itjust might come true.
Alexis : And in this case, it mightjust get you killed.
Ryan : I could really use a genie right now.
Ryan : I would wish that my kid was already born
Ryan : and sleeping through the night.
Esposito : Bro, fatherhood has made you so damn boring.
Esposito : If I had a wish, I'd use it to become the top MMA fighter in the world,
Esposito : and take home a different hot chick every single night.
Ryan : Okay, now that I think about it,
Ryan : I would wish that I could be a Broadway star.
Ryan : Play Jean Valjean in front of sold-out crowds,
Ryan : win a bunch of Tonys.
Esposito : You'd wish to wear tights and sing show tunes for a living?
Ryan : You'd wish to wear Speedos and grapple sweaty men for a living?
Esposito : And hook up with a different hot chick every single night.
Esposito : Don't forget that part.
Beckett : You know what I wish?
Beckett : That my detectives would actually get some work done for a living.
UNK: While the two ofyou were on Fantasy Island,
Beckett : I found a lead.
Beckett : Mike Harlin.
Beckett : He's a surface driller for Chesapeake Energy,
Beckett : that is the same company that Lars worked for.
Beckett : He was also on the same plane as Lars from Turkey to New York.
UNK: He's got to be Lars' partner.
Beckett : I pinged his cell phone. It's disconnected.
Esposito : He's making a run for it.
Ryan : And if he tortured the location of the antiquities out of Lars...
Beckett : Then there's a good chance that he's gonna grab them
Beckett : and try to disappear for good.
UNK: Alexis?
Lars : - You. - Hey.
Castle : You broke into my office?
Genevieve : No. The redhead let me in. Said I could wait inside.
Castle : You went through my desk.
Genevieve : To look for a pen to write you a note.
Genevieve : Wow. You are a very distrusting person.
Castle : Yes, I get that way when I'm lied to.
UNK: Now, I don't know who you are,
Castle : but you sure as hell are not Lars' neighbor.
Castle : - I'm calling the police. - Ifyou do, I'm out that door.
Genevieve : And you'll never know how powerful of an ally I can be.
UNK: AII right, you've got one minute to convince me. Go.
Genevieve : My name is Lindsay Dillon.
Genevieve : I'm a journalist researching a story about looted antiquities.
Genevieve : A source in Turkey hinted that
UNK: Lars may have discovered King Solomon's tomb,
Genevieve : so I decided to keep tabs on him.
Genevieve : That's when I overheard the fight he had with his ex-boyfriend.
Castle : So why not tell the police? why lie?
Genevieve : Because when you've got a dead body,
Genevieve : a story about stolen relics turns from a back-page snoozer
UNK: to a front-page lead just like that.
Genevieve : And though I wanted to be helpful to your murder investigation...
UNK: Ifyou made an official statement,
Castle : every reporter would hear about your story
Castle : and you'd lose your exclusive.
Genevieve : See, I knew you'd get it.
Castle : That doesn't explain why you broke into my office...
Castle : Unless you have another lead.
Genevieve : We're both writers, Iet's help each other out.
Genevieve : Only you've got to keep me as your anonymous source. Deal?
UNK: Deal. what do you got?
Genevieve : Lars was working with a guy named Mike Harlin.
Castle : Yeah, we know about him already, but he's missing.
Castle : Unless you know where he's been hiding.
Genevieve : No, but I do know that Harlin used an alias while in Turkey.
UNK: AI Aiden.
UNK: This is great. I'm gonna call this in.
UNK: AI Aiden. Aladdin. Yeah, that's cute.
Castle : Beckett. Hey. I have a lead for you. It's...
UNK: Hang on a second.
Castle : - Stop that woman. - What woman?
Castle : The blonde woman. The woman who just...
Castle : How did she get past you?