UNK: Uh...
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Oh! Hey, Ryan and Espo have caught a homicide.
UNK: - Do you want to join them? - Why? Got a crime scene right here.
Castle : My mother just killed the mood.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Yeah. Okay, baby, I'll call you later. Reception's terrible in here.
UNK: Hey.
Martha : - Oh! - Early morning or late night?
UNK: Both.
Ryan : Jenny can't sleep.
Ryan : Which, in her crazy, nine-months-pregnant logic
UNK: means, out of solidarity, I'm not allowed to sleep either.
UNK: Well, it could be worse. You could be granted the eternal sleep
UNK: Iike our victim, whose name is...
UNK: Javier Esposito : Lars Cross.
UNK: Javier Esposito : He's a sonar technician for an oil exploration company.
Ryan : Yeah, Chesapeake Energy.
Ryan : Apparently, he was doing an overseas job for them in Turkey,
Ryan : but he got fired for missing too much work.
Ryan : According to his passport, he only got back to the States three days ago.
Castle : If he was just fired, how could he afford all those wonderful new toys?
UNK: That's nothing. He's got a brand-new Porsche 911 downstairs
Esposito : that he apparently paid cash for.
UNK: And he just leased a safe-deposit box at a bank down the street.
Castle : Well, detectives, I deduce that our victim's sudden influx of cash
Castle : had something to do with the fact that he...
Castle : Has no head!
UNK: Dudes, seriously. Give a guy a heads-up.
UNK: Lanie Parish : - Make way, Castle. - Ugh!
Lanie : Time of death between 10 : 00 p.m. and midnight.
Lanie : Lars was strapped to that chair with duct tape.
Lanie : Perimortem bruising indicates that he was tortured
Lanie : before the killer decapitated him with...
Castle : - A Turkish scimitar! - Ah!
Lanie : I checked, no fingerprints.
Lanie : It's from the victim's collection.
UNK: Apparently, Lars is really into the Middle East.
Castle : A region known for its sordid history of beheading.
Castle : And yet, Lars was beheaded here in Manhattan. Hmm.
Castle : Perhaps Lars made the mistake of telling the king the ending of the story.
Castle : Am I right?
Castle : 1,001 Arabian Nights.
Castle : Truly, I am shocked.
UNK: How is it that none ofyou know the story of 1,001 Arabian Nights?
Lanie : We weren't nerds in high school.
Castle : Fair enough. Lucky for you, class is now in session.
Castle : In the story 1,001 Arabian Nights,
Castle : a jealous king would sleep with a new young maiden every night,
Castle : Then have her beheaded so no other men could have her.
UNK: So, it's a story about a misogynistic serial killer?
Castle : No. well, yes. But no.
Castle : In the story, to stop the bloodshed,
Castle : a young maiden by the name of Scheherazade
Castle : wove a fascinating tale for the king, but she refused to tell him the ending,
Castle : forcing him to keep her alive till the next night
Castle : so she could finish the story.
Castle : She told him a new story every night for 1,001 nights,
Castle : until, finally, the king married her.
Castle : Which really says a lot about the power of a good storyteller.
Ryan : Yet tells us nothing about why our victim was killed.
Castle : Or does it? Our victim was tortured
Castle : because the killer, like the king, wanted something.
Ryan : Well, our victim's sister is meeting me in the precinct.
Ryan : Maybe she can shed some light on what that thing was.
UNK: I'll pull a warrant for Lars' new safe-deposit box.
UNK: See ifthere's a clue as to what our killer was after.
Castle : Oh! This is Oprah's assistant.
UNK: Um. I'll take this. You guys head out without me.
UNK: I'll be heading to the precinct in just a little while.
Castle : Guys, these are comedy gold. Seriously.
UNK: - Hello? Hang on, I can't hear you. - Not funny.
Lanie : - I know. - Just one second.
UNK: Are you getting reception? Thank you.
UNK: Hello? Yes.
Castle : Well, actually, it's not about one of my books.
Castle : It's about my mother's.
Castle : No, I only wish I was joking.
Genevieve : - Are you a cop? - Geez.
Genevieve : I don't recognize you. And I've lived in this building for years.
Castle : I'm actually with the cops.
UNK: - I can send the manuscript? - I know who the killer is.
UNK: Can you... Can you... Hold one moment.
UNK: It was Lars' ex-boyfriend, Mark.
UNK: Last night around 9 : 00, Mark was banging on Lars' door.
Genevieve : Said Lars owed him money.
Genevieve : And that he better pay up or else...
Castle : Hang on.
Castle : Can I call you right...
Castle : Hello? Hello?
UNK: Shoot. AII right, where were...
Castle : wait, where'd she go?
UNK: Ms. Cross, your brother appears to come into a great deal of money