Ryan : upon his return to the country.
Ryan : But we checked his financials
Ryan : and there's no record of where it came from.
Ryan : - Do you have any idea? - None.
UNK: I know for a fact he was broke when he left for Turkey.
Ryan : Did he have any enemies at home or abroad?
UNK: No, he got along with everyone.
Esposito : Even his ex-boyfriend, Mark?
Esposito : According to Castle, a neighbor overheard Lars' ex
Esposito : yelling outside of his apartment last night.
Esposito : Did your brother owe him money?
UNK: Mark helped to pay for Lars' tuition at Columbia.
Esposito : Lars never paid him back, did he?
UNK: No. They broke up.
UNK: In fact, getting away from Mark was the main reason
UNK: he took thatjob in Turkey.
Ryan : So, Mark, you used to date Lars?
Ryan : Well, according to these reports,
Ryan : he called the cops on you over a dozen times in the past year.
Mark : - I sometimes get overly dramatic. - Ah.
Mark : What can I do? I am a Pisces.
Mark : But I am over Lars, and I moved on.
UNK: Not according to a witness who saw you threatening him last night.
Mark : Oh. Yes, I threatened him, a lot.
UNK: I gave him 20 grand to get his degree.
Mark : And what thanks do I get?
Mark : He dumps me and leaves the country.
Mark : And now he's back two months later, rolling around in a Porsche,
UNK: so yeah, I went a little mental.
Beckett : Sure, if by going a little mental you mean torturing and killing your ex.
UNK: What? Lars is dead?
Mark : Oh, my...
Mark : You think I did it?
UNK: No...
Mark : Lars was the love of my life. I could neverjust...
UNK: Hey, look, Lars was alive when I left him. I swear to you.
Ryan : - What time was that? - 9 : 30?
Mark : I ubered uptown. I met some friends at a bar
Mark : and drank away my sorrows till 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: AII right, let's just suppose that you are telling the truth.
Beckett : What happened at Lars'?
Mark : He let me in. Apologized for everything.
Mark : And said he just needed a day to get the cash to pay me...
Mark : wait, he was telling the truth?
Beckett : The truth about what?
Mark : He was acting all paranoid.
UNK: He had smuggled something back from Turkey,
Mark : and his partner thought he had double-crossed him...
Ryan : Hold on, what partner?
Mark : I don't know. I don't know.
Mark : Honestly, I just thought he was making it all up
Mark : so that he wouldn't have to pay me.
Ryan : I bet that pissed you off, huh?
UNK: No... well, yeah, it did, but I didn't kill him.
UNK: AII right? I just took his laptop as collateral...
Mark : Is that why he was killed?
Ryan : We're going to need that laptop.
Beckett : Mark's alibi checks out. He was telling the truth.
Castle : So, what do you think Lars was smuggling?
Beckett : Well, he was in Turkey, which is the heroin pipeline from Afghanistan.
UNK: - Hmm. No. It wasn't drugs. - Why not?
Castle : Because Lars was beheaded by a scimitar.
Castle : The storyteller inside me craves an explanation far more...
Beckett : - Farfetched? - Yeah.
Beckett : Pirates' booty, cold fusion, alien cadavers.
Castle : No, those are all ridiculous theories.
Castle : Did you say alien cadavers, though?
Castle : Because I saw a documentary once...
Beckett : Hey, Castle, um, what was the name of that woman that you interviewed?
UNK: - Lars' neighbor. - I didn't get her name.
Beckett : I think my unis forgot to put her statement in this file.
Beckett : I swear, most of my time is spent checking people's paperwork.
Castle : You're suffering from a little buyer's remorse.
Castle : Yeah, it's one of life's cruel jokes.
Castle : You get exactly what you wished for,
UNK: only to find that it wasn't what you wanted at all.
Beckett : No, I love being a captain.
Beckett : It's just sometimes it feels like I'm more of a kindergarten teacher.
UNK: - I'm a sergeant, Kevin. - Hey!
Esposito : I just broke this case wide open.
Ryan : Actually, I did. So, I'll go first.
Esposito : No, I think I'll go first. Mine's bigger than yours.
UNK: Yeah, you wish, pal.
Beckett : Guys, play nice. Indoor voices. Espo goes first.
Esposito : See, she knows.
UNK: So, I opened Lars' safe-deposit box and found 400 G's in cash.
Esposito : Gots to be drug money. Beat that.
UNK: Easy. I got Lars' encrypted laptop from Mark,
Ryan : found out what he was smuggling, and it wasn't drugs.
UNK: What?
UNK: No.
Castle : Lars wasn't a drug dealer,
Castle : he was a tomb raider.
Castle : Ryan, can you zoom in on that, please?
Castle : I've seen that symbol.
Castle : Yes. Um...
UNK: At Lars' apartment...
UNK: You remember all those books on The 1,001 Arabian Nights?
Castle : I think that symbol
Castle : was on one of the books.
Castle : Yes. Here it is.
UNK: "The Seal of Solomon."
UNK: "The Seal of Solomon was believed to be imbued with mystical powers,"
UNK: "including the ability to seal genies into lamps."
UNK: "In the tale of Aladdin and the Magic Lamp,"
UNK: "Aladdin finds a lamp containing a genie in a cave."
UNK: "Many people believe this cave was actually King Solomon's tomb,"
UNK: "which is most likely located near the border of Syria and Turkey."
Castle : You guys, you know what this means?
Beckett : Oh. Please, no.
Castle : Come on. The money, the Porsche...
Castle : Lars wished for them, and his wishes were granted...
Beckett : - And here we go. - By a genie.
Castle : Lars found Aladdin's lamp.