Chase : we don't know which hydrolase to ask for.
UNK: - There's over 40 organophosphates. - I'll get all of 'em. - Get all of 'em.
UNK: Great minds think alike. - By the time they get here, we're gonna know which one we need.
Foreman : If we figure out how he got exposed, we'll figure out what he was exposed to.
House : Well, the mom had homemade tomato sauce.
House : Call me crazy, but I'm thinking maybe... homemade tomatoes?
Foreman : Front yard. Vegetable garden.
House : Kid's out there spraying, sees a pretty girl,
House : hormones raging, spray can goes off in his face.
Cameron : - I'll check into it. - I'll make the call.
Chase : I'll keep the kid alive. For a while, at least.
House : I'll have lunch.
Chase : Through the superior vena cava...
Chase : into the right atrium...
Chase : through the tricuspid valve...
UNK: and lodging to the wall of the right ventricle.
UNK: Can you turn off the pad?
UNK: - Capturing? - Getting a native heart rate of 36.
UNK: No, that won't do. Let's get him to 50.
Wilson : "The healer with his magic powers!
Wilson : I could rub his gentle brow for hours.
UNK: His manly chest, his stubbled jaw.
Wilson : Everything about him leaves me raw"...
House : - Psych ward's upstairs. - "with joy.
Wilson : Oh, House, your very name will never leave this girl the same".
UNK: It's not bad for an 82-year-old. She asked me to give that to her true love.
House : What can I say? Chicks with no teeth turn me on.
Wilson : That's fairly disgusting. And that's ageism.
Wilson : You better watch yourself around this babe.
UNK: Here are her test results.
UNK: Impressive.
UNK: Yeah.
Cameron : I found the pesticide. It's disulfoton.
UNK: And it's empty. He used up the whole can. Okay, I'll get Chase on it.
UNK: The poison's called disulfoton. This should bond with it and neutralize the poison.
Chase : Then his nervous system will start sending the correct signals to the rest of his body.
Mom : But there was no disul... Well, that stuff in that can.
UNK: The label says "disulfoton". I can show you.
Mom : But you didn't test it.
Chase : You said Matt sprayed with it this morning before school.
Mom : Matt started that garden himself for an environmental science class.
Mom : - They weren't allowed to use pesticides. - Apparently he cheated a little.
Mom : It was orange peel oil. Totally organic. He dumped that other stuff last winter.
Chase : The symptoms fit. There must have been some left in the can.
Mom : If you're wrong, what will this treatment do to him?
Chase : Well, theoretically, it could increase the toxicity and...
Chase : But we're not wrong. Don't.
Chase : We're not wrong. I can't let you do this.
UNK: Get a court order. Unless you wanna see someone killed by sheer irrationality.
Cuddy : Maternal instinct is always irrational. Doesn't mean it's wrong.
House : Actually, that's the definition.
UNK: It doesn't make her mentally incompetent.
House : She's risking her son's life...
House : based on a teenager's claim that he washed something.
House : How mentally incompetent can you get?
Cuddy : That's a brilliant legal argument.
House : Listen, have your Harvard law dog whip up some high-grade legal-sounding psychobabble :
House : "Temporary insanity brought on by acute panic distress syndrome."
House : I don't care. We have to give him the hydrolase.
Cuddy : Her only sign of mental illness is that she disagrees with you.