UNK: You sure that Chi didn't sneak onto Matt's tomato patch?
House : Maybe they sniffed disulfoton together to get high.
Cameron : Same school, different grades, different cliques, different everything.
House : They managed to get poisoned together. They must have something in common.
UNK: Their classes aren't even in the same building. They don't even eat lunch in the same lunchroom.
House : How do they get to school?
UNK: Bus Driver : Unless you're with the board, the police or the union, I don't care who you are.
Cameron : Sir, we need to test the bus for chemical residue.
UNK: Bus Driver : And I need to pick up the basketball team.
UNK: You got a problem with that, call my supervisor.
Chase : Two kids were poisoned on your bus this morning.
Chase : They're dying.
Mom : My God. The things he said.
Foreman : Dr. House wanted your son to get the medicine he needed.
Foreman : He was willing to do whatever it took to make that happen. - The wrong kind of medicine.
Foreman : He didn't know that. At the time, it was our only choice.
Mom : He would have known if he had listened to me.
Foreman : He listened.
Foreman : He just assumed you were wrong.
Foreman : To be honest, that's true of most of our patients.
Mom : You're just as pompous and superior as he is!
UNK: Uh, Matt is back row right. The Asian kid, uh, first or second row left.
UNK: Okay. Look, I got this rash in kind of my groin region.
Cameron : It's, um, not a symptom.
Chase : Neither is being obnoxious. Looks like you're in the clear.
UNK: So who poisoned 'em? - We're not sure yet if it was done on purpose.
UNK: Oh, yeah? You oughta see these little bastards screaming and punching each other all day long.
Cameron : Did you happen to notice if anyone was doing any spraying near the bus route?
UNK: Oh! Yeah, there was this truck down by the pond doing something or other.
UNK: It smelled kinda funny too.
UNK: Oh! Dr. House! - Well, it took you long enough. We've been waiting here...
UNK: Mr. Adams, would you step outside for a moment?
UNK: Why? Because you irritate me.
Georgia : He is my son, Doctor.
Georgia : He's just a little cranky from not eating.
House : Fine. Mrs. Adams, have you had any recent sexual activity?
UNK: What?
UNK: Well, I... I don't suppose fantasies count.
Mom : Oh, my God.
UNK: Unfortunately, I've hit kind of a dry spell.
Georgia : Only for the last... Oh, I don't know... 15 years.
UNK: You see? She's... She's confused. My father died eight years ago. Heart attack.
Georgia : Not in bed, dear.
Georgia : Why do you ask?
House : Because you have tested positive for syphilis.
Mark : That's impossible! And insulting.
House : I don't think it's the first time that Mom has heard this diagnosis.
UNK: "Cupid's disease". That's what we used to call it.
House : When did you get it?
Georgia : Uh, 1939. Prom night, I think.
Georgia : He had a Chevrolet.
Georgia : It was before I met your father.
UNK: But you said that...
Mark : You said Dad was your first love.
Foreman : He was.
Georgia : We're talking about sex.
UNK: But I was treated.
House : Which suppressed it... In your case, for 60 years.
House : But now it's back, and the spirochetes that cause syphilis are eating away at your brain cells.
Georgia : Oh! That's revolting.
House : It's not as revolting as chlamydia. That's got seepage.
House : And it's the 21st century.
House : We've got flying cars, robot dogs and penicillin.
House : High-dose regimen for two weeks, you're cured.