UNK: No, it's just me and Matt.
UNK: Diazepam. Ten milligrams, stat. Right.
Mom : - What's going on? - Just taking some precautions.
Chase : He's seizing. Help me hold him.
UNK: Stay cool, mate. We'll calm you down.
Cameron : This room is way too clean for a teenage boy.
Foreman : - You know why House thinks I'm a druggie? - This is gonna be a racial thing, isn't it?
Foreman : Same reason he thinks this kid overdosed. When you're a drug addict, you wanna believe everyone else is too.
Cameron : He's not addicted. He has to take drugs.
UNK: The definition of an addict.
Cameron : He's in pain. And addicted to pain killers.
Foreman : What a coincidence!
Cameron : You really never did any drugs?
Foreman : Now this is gonna be a racial thing.
Cameron : Deflecting a personal question with a joke. Gee, who do I know that does that?
Foreman : Yeah, I'm just like him. Except for the angry, bitter, pompous cripple part.
Cameron : Maybe we should all pitch in and get you a nice cane.
UNK: You already have the matching gym shoes.
Cameron : Check this out!
Cameron : Mom's not too careful with the homemade tomato sauce.
Cameron : When the top sticks out like that, it's a sign of bacterial contamination.
Foreman : This one's open.
UNK: I am extremely disappointed in you.
House : I send you out for exciting new designer drugs,
House : and you come back with tomato sauce.
UNK: I bet you paid twice as much. I got mine online.
Foreman : Matt decided to make himself a homemade pizza for a bedtime snack.
Cameron : Source of botulism, as well as a million other toxins...
Cameron : that cause gastroenteritis, cardiac symptoms and mental confusion.
UNK: I'm not so sure about gastroenteritis. But mental confusion? Bring it on.
UNK: - Don't... But... - Mmm. Delicious.
Cameron : - Do you have a death wish? - I notice you didn't try to save me.
Foreman : I figured you were trying to make some kind of subtle point.
UNK: I was. The kid just started seizing. Not a symptom of food-borne toxins.
Foreman : Also not a symptom of drug use. Not two hours after admission.
House : So what would make him seize, in addition to all these other delightful symptoms?
Cameron : - Pesticide poisoning. - Carbamates.
House : Or organophosphates, organochlorines.
Cameron : - Inhalation or absorption? - Too soon to tell.
Cameron : We should wash him down. The poison could still be on his skin.
House : Already told the nurses.