UNK: How about laundry detergent? Maybe they both washed their clothes this morning.
Cameron : I'll check. You know, if we cure Matt,
Foreman : he can use his close brush with death on his college essays.
Foreman : - Admission guys love that stuff. - That's how you got in, right?
UNK: Jailhouse diary?
UNK: Uh, TKO.
Foreman : TKO. Liquid?
Cameron : Liquid, 128 ounces.
UNK: - 128. Yellow jug. "Special"... - "Environmentally safe formula".
Cameron : It's the same. Bring in the detergent.
Chase : So the detergent was contaminated with pesticides?
UNK: Which soaked into their clothes and got absorbed into their skin.
UNK: Hi. Uh, listen, the clothes your son wore today...
House : - He washed them this morning, right? - What?
House : Nice, respectful Asian kid does the laundry.
UNK: Chi's Dad : My wife said he didn't.
UNK: Well, then I'm betting he washed them last night without you knowing.
UNK: Chi's Mom : He doesn't even know how to turn on the machine.
UNK: And those clothes were new. Nobody washed them. His clothes are all new?
UNK: Chi's Mom : The ones he wore today, yes. Never washed.
Mom : Now what?
House : What about Matt's clothes? Were they new?
UNK: Uh, they're ratty old jeans, I think.
Chase : They've been bagged and taken downstairs.
UNK: "Davis". Yeah, they're Matt's.
Chase : And they're old.
House : And yet the label isn't faded in the slightest.
UNK: Fake old. Hundred dollars for the homeless look.
House : What? Kids aren't pretentious in England?
UNK: Chi was wearing a different brand. How could they both have been contaminated?
UNK: That is the question for the ages. Meantime, get these tested.
Wilson : I never bother to wash new clothes before I wear them.
UNK: Right. Your wife does. She likes you feeling nice and comfortable.
Wilson : Hey, I'm a man. I don't have time for laundry.
Wilson : I'm saving lives here.
Wilson : No, she doesn't wash them either.
House : So your skin absorbs a little dye, the odd chemical here and there.
House : You know me... Mr. Living On The Edge.
UNK: Judging by the self-importance of your strut, you have identified the chemical in question.
UNK: - Phosdrin. - Hit 'em with the hydrolase.
Foreman : - Chi's parents said yes, but... - Mighty Mom said no.
UNK: Well, she's gonna feel like a million bucks when Chi lives and her son dies.
UNK: Send Cameron. She's the only one of you who's managed to talk her into anything.
UNK: Not this time. Matt's mom won't make a move until she gets that opinion from the C.D.C.
Wilson : Godot would be faster.