Cameron : - How are you coming along? - Tell her everything's great.
House : Neither of us wants to deal with her guilt.
Cameron : - I don't feel guilty. - Of course not.
House : Hell, if people felt guilt every time they accidentally lobotomized a guy...
Cameron : I was trying to save his life.
House : Yeah. Your heart was in the right place.
House : It's just his brain that's not quite where it's supposed to be.
House : - Tell her everything's great. - It's true.
UNK: No more left side/right side reversals. Still some short-term memory loss
Foreman : and spatial processing problems, but I'm trying not to be too hard on myself.
House : Yeah, might pull a muscle.
Foreman : We have a case?
Cameron : Seizure that can't be explained by epilepsy
Cameron : and accompanied by elevated calcium levels.
House : Still bored. Tell her why.
Foreman : Because seizure with mildly elevated calcium is diagnostically simple.
UNK: It's either hyperparathyroid, cancer, or calcium-mediated neurotoxicity.
House : Well done.
House : But until you can remember how to make coffee, hands off the patients.
UNK: House.
Cameron : All those reasons this case bores you, the ER has already ruled them out.
Chase : Lungs are clear. Get an EEG. Confirm the brain function is OK.
House : Can we focus on the task at hand?
UNK: Why did Mommy twitch so hard that she tossed the baby in the bath water?
Chase : - You don't need me for this. - Of course I need you. We're a team.
Chase : Polyarteritis nodosa. Inflamed arteries in the brain cause seizures.
Chase : Inflamed arteries in the kidneys cause calcium build-up.
UNK: You're a moron. Did you even look at the file? Kidney function is fine.
Cameron : - Whipple's? - What?
Cameron : - Whipple's. - Test her.
House : Cameron thinks it starts with a "W". I'm thinking "V".
UNK: The dad vomited this morning. Maybe they've both got strep.
UNK: You think you can do a strep-throat culture
House : without the swab ending up in the guy's poop chute?
UNK: - "V" for "vasoconstriction". - That'd be my guess.
Foreman : Excess calcium makes blood vessels in the brain clamp down.
Foreman : Best case scenario, seizure. Worst case, stroke.
House : Do a digital subtraction angiogram.
House : Foreman can't tell up from down, Cameron's a girl.
House : All that mechanical stuff.
Chase : Sorry. Cuddy says I'm stuck here.
House : You're late.
Cuddy : And you are in my locked office.
Kara : - Again. - What you got there?
House : Special panties for your date with Wilson?
Cuddy : It's not a date. And it's none of your business.
UNK: If it's not a date, it is business.
House : And if it was business, you wouldn't say it was none of my business.
Cuddy : - What do you want? - To talk about your date with Wilson.
Cuddy : - It's not a date. - This is fun.
House : Spring Chase from NICU and I'll shut up about your date.
Cuddy : - NICU is short-staffed. - Have you lost the ability to lie?
House : Nobody's quit NICU in two years.