House : I want him to argue his point.
Foreman : I assume you considered the father and ruled him out.
UNK: What's that saying? When you assume, you become a pain in the ass to me.
Foreman : Why should I argue? You'd just overrule me.
House : Enough! Get a pony or a watermelon farm.
Wilson : - House? - I need him to react.
House : I need him to act like a human being.
House : I need him to get over this boring near-death rebirth.
Foreman : I have changed. That's not something you get over.
House : Nearly dying changes everything forever. For about two months.
UNK: Two months is too long. I need the guy I hired back. Now.
Foreman : No matter how much your misery loves company, it's not getting mine.
Foreman : I'll talk to the dad. Cameron can take the mom.
UNK: - We'll figure out if Mom is a drinker. - Waste of time.
House : Put her in a coma before the DTs kill her.
UNK: So...
Cuddy : is this a separation, or...
UNK: Well, lawyers have been hired, friends divvied up.
Wilson : Oddly, she didn't fight me for House.
Cuddy : At least there aren't kids involved. You just have each other to deal with.
Wilson : If there had been kids, maybe we would have done more of that.
Cuddy : Do you want kids?
Wilson : Listen, is there anything in particular you wanted to...
Wilson : - Hospital business or... - Catching up.
Cuddy : I mean, you know, it's not like either one of us has anybody to run home to.
UNK: No.
Cameron : How are you feeling?
Kara : OK. A little groggy.
Cameron : There's somebody here to see you.
Brent : Hey, Mikey. Mommy's awake.
UNK: Oh, Mikey. Gosh, I was so scared.
Kara : Oh, I love you.
UNK: I love you so much. Oh.
Kara : I'm sorry.
Brent : You don't have anything to be sorry about. You were sick.
Foreman : Turns out she and her husband met in AA.
Foreman : Obviously, she slipped. Good call.
House : It wasn't hard, considering my other choice was your stupid psych theory.
House : Which was not stupid.
UNK: I'm telling you, I'm gonna drop the N-bomb if I have to.
Foreman : - You're addicted to conflict. - Did they change the name?
Foreman : You could have handled this patient without dragging Chase in.
Foreman : But the fact that he didn't want in killed you.
UNK: Just like the fact you can't get a rise out of me.
House : Where's the baby?
UNK: Get off me! No! I have to do this!
House : No breath sounds. Crash cart and epi! Stat!
House : I told you your psych theory wasn't stupid.
Foreman : Your son is stable.
Foreman : But the lack of oxygen damaged his kidneys.
Brent : She must have rolled over on him by mistake.
Foreman : Mr Mason, I was there.
Foreman : Your wife tried to smother your son.
Brent : That's impossible. Kara would never hurt Mikey.