House : Find me when the results come in.
Chase : Mr Mason, because of the damage done to your son's kidneys,
Chase : his potassium is climbing.
UNK: That's causing irregular heartbeats.
Chase : I'm doubling the meds and starting him on dialysis.
UNK: But unless we get his potassium down, he's gonna have a heart attack.
Foreman : Kara, just another few minutes.
Cameron : Biopsy's back. She's negative for myelomatous meningitis.
Foreman : And she's not seizing.
Foreman : - So, we're wrong and House is wrong. - And you're OK with that?
Cameron : She's seizing.
Foreman : She's not doing anything.
UNK: Her brain activity isn't accelerating, it's slowing down.
Cameron : Muscle rigidity, involuntary grasping and sucking motions.
Cameron : She's in an encephalopathic delirium.
UNK: Hmm.
House : A genuine physiological illness. That rules out a few things.
House : Like what, I wonder?
Foreman : Postpartum psychosis and conversion disorder.
UNK: The thing about being a good loser, you're still a loser.
UNK: Ouch.
Cameron : The delirium means her brain is shutting down,
Cameron : reverting to its most instinctual functions.
UNK: And since it's progressing, I think we can assume it's progressive,
House : which means it won't be long before the brain closes shop altogether.
UNK: Ideas?
Nurse : - He's in V-fib. - His potassium's still too high.
Chase : No pulse. Get him off the machine.
UNK: Charge to 10. Clear.
Nurse : Still in V-fib.
Chase : Another amp of epi.
House : Chase shouldn't be wasting his time in NICU.
Foreman : Could be Wernicke's.
House : No. Treatment for Wernicke's is thiamine.
House : We gave her that together with the pheno.
Cameron : Delirium points to lithium. I know we didn't' find any, but...
UNK: She'd have to be smuggling it in to be getting sicker.
Cameron : Whipple's causes encephalopathic delirium.
UNK: The test was negative.
Cameron : - The test could have been wrong. - Ideas are not soda cans.
House : Recycling sucks. Give me something new and shiny.
House : Or go retro. Take an old idea, shine it up, and add a new symptom.
Cameron : Encephalopathic delirium.
UNK: Pellagra.
Foreman : She drinks. Alcoholics get pellagra.
Foreman : They eat lousy diets, so no niacin.
House : - He agrees with me. What a shock. - Well, you're right.
Foreman : Lack of niacin starves the brain. Neurons shut down.
Foreman : Causes seizures, encephalopathic delirium and psychosis.
Cameron : We give Kara niacin, she'll come out of her delirium
Cameron : and she'll be totally sane.
Chase : Don't think she's ever gonna be sane again.
Chase : Her son just died.