Kara : He knows. They said Mikey knows.
Cameron : You hear voices?
Kara : They wouldn't quit saying that Mikey would be better off if...
Kara : They were right.
Cameron : We've been trying to diagnose a seizure that didn't exist.
Cameron : She faked it when her husband caught her. I don't think she faked it.
Cameron : She just happened to seize right in the middle of drowning her child?
Cameron : - Lucky break for the kid. - Hey, take it easy on Foreman.
House : He's playing with one lobe tied behind his back.
Foreman : Postpartum psychosis makes her want to drown her kid.
Foreman : The internal conflict triggers a seizure.
House : You know what else might be a trigger? A physical illness.
House : It's a wild idea, I know.
House : Especially since she doesn't have any obviously physical symptoms,
House : like internal bleeding or excess calcium.
Foreman : - I'll draw some blood. - Oh! Jeez! You've done it again!
House : - Will you argue with me? - Drinkers don't eat right.
UNK: That explains the bleeding and the calcium.
House : This might just be some crazy drunk,
UNK: and I'm telling you she's about to die of myelomatous meningitis.
Cameron : - We already tested for... - Exactly. It's an insane idea.
Foreman : - What do you want me to do? - Have an original thought.
House : In the meantime, stress her into having another seizure.
Foreman : We can't. She's on haloperidol.
House : You also can't because it's dangerous and highly unethical.
House : Therefore, if you get caught, pretend you can't make coffee.
House : Mental defectives get tons of slack.
House : Take her off the haloperidol, hook her up to an EEG,
House : flash some lights, make her pant, shoot her up with a placebo.
House : When she starts twitching, if the machine twitches along, it's real.
UNK: If not, well, call the cops, cos she's a psycho killer.
Cameron : - Stop pushing him. - Stop protecting him.
Cameron : - He needs it. - Not if he wants to get better.
Cameron : - He might not be able to get better. - Well, I need a new neurologist.
Cameron : He got sick doing his job.
House : If he got killed doing his job, I wouldn't keep him on the payroll.
House : I don't care how guilty you feel or how touched you are by his reborn spirit.
UNK: - I am not touched. - Then you're guilt-ridden.
Cameron : - I'm not guilt-ridden. - Then you're pathetic.
Cameron : Right now, I'm annoyed.
UNK: Keeping him up in the seizure lab is not the way to advance his recovery.
Cameron : - It's too much. - You're right.
UNK: You should stick around. Make sure he doesn't screw up.
Foreman : Kara, look directly into the light.
Foreman : Keep looking.
Foreman : Thought you'd be gone for the day.
Cameron : Thought I'd wait for the bone marrow biopsy results.
Foreman : House sent you to baby-sit me, didn't he?
Cameron : He asked me to wait for the results.
Foreman : - Cameron, it's fine. - Of course it is.
Foreman : Look, a few weeks ago, you were upset that I didn't consider you a friend.
Foreman : Now you're upset that I'm happy?
Cameron : What can I say? Apparently, I'm a bitch.
Foreman : I didn't say that.
Cameron : It's annoying.
Cameron : Insisting every day of your life is a blessing
Cameron : is basically calling everyone else shallow.
UNK: - It gets old. - Sorry.
Cameron : Oh, give it a rest.
House : How was dinner?
Wilson : Cuddy did not mention cancer.
House : - She lost her nerve. - It was a date.
House : - What are you doing? - PCR test.
House : You're doing it yourself in the middle of the night.
House : On a spoon.
House : Cuddy's spoon.
Wilson : I'm checking her saliva for cancer markers.
House : Yeah. I do that after all my dates, too.
House : People think you're the nice one.
Wilson : Why are you so worried about Cuddy?
House : You go first. You desperately want this to be a date.
Wilson : Because the alternative is cancer.
House : Just admit that you like her.
House : She's smart, funny, got a zesty bod.
House : I think it's great you can look beyond the fact she's the devil.
UNK: I stole a spoon. You stole her garbage.
House : She's my boss.
UNK: If she gets sick, the hospital might replace her, especially if she dies.
House : I'd have to learn how to manipulate someone new.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: I think I'm gonna cry.