UNK: House's Answering Machine : You've reached a number that has been disconnected
UNK: House's Answering Machine : and is no longer in service.
UNK: House's Answering Machine : If you feel you've reached this recording in error, go with it.
UNK: House's Answering Machine : Hang up. On three. One, two...
UNK: Cuddy's Voice : House, pick up.
UNK: I know it's your day off, and no doubt got lots of exciting plans,
UNK: Cuddy's Voice : but I've got a case.
UNK: A 16-year-old girl presenting with cardiogenic shock,
UNK: Cuddy's Voice : no heart attack.
UNK: - Dr. Willis, 5-2-2-1. - Dr. Willis, 5-2-2-1.
Cuddy : Her heart looks fine. ER did a full cardiac workup.
Cuddy : Tox screen's clean, blood shows no infection.
UNK: AII on the top page. I'm a real good reader.
House : Personal chart handoff means there's something else.
House : I'm hoping it's not personal.
Cuddy : The guy who brought the girl in says he knows you.
Cuddy : When you have a chance. No hurry.
Cuddy : It's just a couple of medical histories.
Cuddy : One with a minor cancer concern. No problem.
UNK: G-man!
UNK: You thought I was gonna do it, didn't you? Do I know you?
Crandall : Come on it's me. Crandall. Doesn't ring a bell.
Crandall : Man, I can't believe...
UNK: Unless you mean Dylan Crandall, a man who will believe anything.
House : See, I just made you believe that I... You haven't changed.
UNK: Heard about your leg. Yeah. Pulled a hamstring playing Twister.
House : Just gonna walk it off.
House : So who's the girl? Jesse Baker's granddaughter.
Crandall : You always said you'd give your right hand to play like him.
House : No. I said I'd give my right hand to have his left.
House : Why is she with you?
Crandall : She lost her mom in Katrina, her home, everything.
UNK: Wow.
Crandall : And I'm her father.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Yeah, she looks just like you, got the same 'fro.
Crandall : I wrote a book about Baker. Hung out with him, his daughter.
UNK: Yeah, that is how babies are made.
Crandall : I never knew. She never knew. Her mom lied for 16 years.
House : That's unbelievable. Yeah.
UNK: No, seriously, I don't believe it.
Crandall : Her mom was pissed at me about my book.
Crandall : I trashed her and her dad. She wouldn't talk to me,
Crandall : obviously she's not gonna tell Leona that...
House : You're a sucker. You always were.
UNK: Does that mean you're not gonna help her? Why wouldn't I?
House : She's not scamming me.
Chase : Acute myocardial infarction? ER said no. Retest.
Cameron : Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome? ER said no. Retest.
House : And read the damn file. You just gave them to us.
Foreman : Delta wave on the EKG... It's all a no.
House : Everything about her heart is healthy. She's a Katrina victim.
House : It's better than Crandall. He's a Katrina-victim victim.
UNK: I don't think she was expecting your sympathy.
UNK: I think her point was New Orleans was a Third World country :
UNK: toxins, mold, sewage in the streets...
House : What if her heart is like my bike?
UNK: Runs like crap when I'm by myself, but I take it to the mechanic, it runs great.
Foreman : An arrhythmia. A one-time event.
UNK: What are we gonna do?
UNK: Keep her in her room on a cardiac monitor till she has another arrhythmia?
Cameron : That could be weeks. Months. Relax.
House : I happen to know she's going to have one right after lunch. We are golden.
Cameron : You can't induce an arrhythmia in someone whose heart nearly gave out 48 hours ago.
House : Sure you can.
UNK: It's kind of technical,
UNK: but you stick all these cool little wires inside her somehow...
Cameron : I mean you shouldn't. Oh, right.
UNK: 'Cause it'd be much more ethical to let it happen in an uncontrolled setting,
UNK: 'cause there's always a team of cardiologists
UNK: having lunch at the next table. This is Jersey.
House : She's a minor, she's gonna need consent.
Cameron : I'll go talk to him. Oh, that's an excellent plan.
UNK: We'II give him the form, and tell him it's wrong and dangerous.
Cameron : I can handle a simple consent form. Okay, I'll be Crandall.
UNK: Dr. Cameron. House, from what you say, this guy will...
House : Are you in this scene?
UNK: Go.
UNK: I need to talk to you about a procedure we'd like to do on Leona.
UNK: "Like to do?" Is this fun for you?
UNK: He's not you, he's not gonna mock me. Stay in character.
House : I'm so scared, hold me.
Cameron : In order to figure out which circuit is misfiring,
Cameron : we need to map all the electrical activity in her heart.
House : Swear to me on the Bible you'd do this if it was your kid.
UNK: Goodbye.
UNK: To map the electrical pathways in a heart, we send electricity through each,