Cuddy : Medically? Or...
House : Donor 1284 likes square dancing. No one likes square dancing.
UNK: 613, he's been practicing medicine for five minutes,
House : calls himself a healer, loves Mozart.
Cuddy : I'm not going dancing with them, I'm looking for healthy sperm.
Cuddy : He's got four living grandparents.
House : Who they are, what they do, that doesn't matter?
UNK: I'm leaning toward 613. Oh, sure, go with the Jewish number.
Cuddy : 1284 has a cousin that tested positive for the BRCA gene.
House : But his mother was negative, which means so is your baby.
Cuddy : What about the... Mediterranean/Dutch factor
House : on the dad's side? It's not a problem,
UNK: because his dad's mom didn't carry the thalassemia gene.
House : Bigger issue is the jerk and poser genes.
UNK: This Mozart lie. People can't like classical music?
House : You're designing a kid, a loser kid. He's already getting pummeled at recess.
Cuddy : Here, knock yourself out.
Cuddy : Go find sperm that can beat up 613's kids.
Cuddy : And thanks for your help.
House : Pretentiousness is hereditary.
UNK: Just 'cause they haven't found the gene yet...
UNK: Woman's Voice : Could I have some water, please?
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Woman's Voice : I just need some water.
UNK: Woman's Voice : Is anyone there?
UNK: Mama?
UNK: The second hallucination means we didn't fix her heart.
Cameron : Maybe we missed something.
Chase : Her heart's fine. If she hallucinated, it wasn't caused by her heart.
Foreman : If? The screaming, the floundering, it was an hallucination.
House : What if it wasn't a hallucination?
Cameron : We covered... Not finished.
House : What if it was an atypical seizure? Seizure?
Foreman : She saw her mother. Mother's dead. Ergo, hallucination.
UNK: Anyone wanna explain that? His leg hurts.
Cameron : Walking takes his mind off of it. Flashback!
UNK: AII that wind and rain from the hurricane, post-traumatic stress syndrome.
Cameron : Why are you so bent on her not having a hallucination?
House : If she did have a hallucination,
House : then the heart problem that we predicted,
House : found, and fixed was just a gigantic coincidence.
Chase : His leg always hurts. It's getting worse.
House : What if the heart isn't a coincidence,
House : and isn't what caused the hallucination?
House : An arrhythmia hurts.
House : What if her hallucination was caused by pain?
House : What if she has a disease that translates pain into a bizarre physiological response
House : like a hallucination? She has an autoimmune disease.
Cameron : She needs a CRP, a rheumatoid factor...
House : I can prove an autoimmune disease in five minutes. She needs a PET scan.
Foreman : You can't test for autoimmune in a PET...
House : I'm proving that her hallucinations are a consistent response to pain,
House : which proves that she has an autoimmune disease.
Cameron : How do you test someone's response to pain?
House : Easy. Hurt them.
UNK: It's not gonna hurt at all.
House : We just need to make sure you don't move.
Leona : I won't.
UNK: Okay, give me your arm. I need to check your muscle responses.