House : Okay, turn it over. Palm upward.
House : Everything okay? Yeah.
Crandall : What the hell was that? Diagnostic test.
UNK: Cerebral cortex responded normally. She's not hallucinating.
House : You know he's not your father, don't you?
Leona : He's my dad, Mama told me.
House : I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you.
UNK: House, leave her alone. Come on. We both know it's a hustle.
House : Are the walls closing in? No. Why are you doing this?
House : Spiders coming out of my nose? Let me out.
Foreman : House, the test is over. Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex...
House : Give me your hand. No!
House : Give me your hand.
UNK: Forget him.
House : He's not the perfect mark, because he was the perfect mark.
House : Plenty of people got there before you.
House : He's used up, tainted, pumped dry.
Foreman : She's hallucinating.
Cameron : She's lost everything, and you're breaking fingers. A new low.
UNK: Diagnostically, she needed to be hurt.
House : I wanted to hurt her. Win-win.
UNK: What I didn't consider was a threshold to trigger the hallucinations.
House : Otherwise, I'd have done the finger-bending first,
House : instead of stabbing her twice. That was cruel.
UNK: If her autoimmune disease is this advanced, usual treatment is not gonna help.
UNK: We don't even know which autoimmune disease she has.
UNK: This could be Lambert-Eaton, could be Graves'...
House : Good point. Let's kill them all at once.
Cameron : The only way to do that, is to replace her entire immune system.
House : Good point. Let's do that.
Chase : Bone marrow transplant requires an exact match.
Chase : Leona has no siblings.
House : Good point. She's all alone, poor thing. No one in the whole wide world.
UNK: Jesse Baker : I asked for this tuned. Did you get this instrument tuned?
Crandall : If my daughter needs bone marrow,
Crandall : why are you looking in a bone marrow registry?
House : Because that's where they keep the bone marrow.
Crandall : I'm her father.
UNK: How does somebody who believes absolutely anything
House : become a non-fiction writer? Test my bone marrow.
UNK: One day, you'II be sitting at your computer,
UNK: writing one of your little music books, and your daughter will come home
UNK: with a big, angry policeman, who'II throw you in jail because,
UNK: "Daddy touched my poozle."
Crandall : Test me. Happy to.
UNK: Just my marrow. I'm not authorizing a paternity test.
UNK: You're that afraid of the truth? I know the truth.
UNK: Easy-Lay Fay's truth was that she needed a bus ticket home to see her sick grandma.
UNK: You gave her 100 bucks. She bought weed.
House : I know, because I told her you'd go for the sick-grandma story.
Crandall : If our friendship means anything to you...
Crandall : Come on. Do you know me at all?
UNK: If you do the test, one of two things happens.
UNK: Either you're right or I'm right. If you're right, I'll be miserable.
UNK: And if I'm right, I'll hate myself 'cause I didn't trust her.
UNK: Either way I lose.
Mother : They don't itch, not raised.
Mother : He's had his MMR, no one's sick at school.
Mother : His father took him camping. We caught two spiders.
Mother : You didn't tell me about the spider. Did you get a new couch?
Mother : Do you think there might be some sort of toxin...
House : What color is it?
UNK: Red.
House : Is that where you watch your cartoons after you take your bath?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
House : Fall asleep sometimes?
UNK: Yes. Bless you.
Cuddy : Need you. Now. Yes, mistress.