Foreman : Yeah. Drugs and alcohol don't do that.
House : And that note that he says is out of tune, it's not.
House : Which means that something is screwing with his aural perception, too.
House : Now, what happens when you add all of that to the liver disease,
House : which he supposedly died of?
Cameron : Too much iron. He could have had hemochromatosis.
Cameron : That's genetic.
Foreman : Unless you can tell me Miles Davis couldn't play stoned...
House : Played better when he wasn't.
House : I think. I mean, no one knows for sure.
Cameron : I'll get Leona a TIBC and serum ferritin.
House : We can test this in three minutes.
House : So, what is she, Foreman,
UNK: a light-skinned black chick or a dark-skinned white chick?
UNK: I'm not sure. Can we hear the music again?
Chase : It's too early to see jaundice from her liver.
UNK: True. But this is a photograph of Leona when she was 13 years old.
House : She's darker now.
Cameron : She's been living on the streets for eight months.
House : No tan line.
House : So, unless those streets she's been living on are indoor streets,
House : I'm thinking she's got iron deposits in melanin.
House : Both byproducts of hemochromatosis, just like Granddad used to make.
House : SQUID exam to calculate the amount of iron in her blood,
House : and treat her with deferoxamine. She'II be fine by lunch.
House : 'Cause, you see, I was wrong before about the breakfast.
UNK: There's the iron. Lots of it.
UNK: I'm not gonna get this job, am I?
House : It's a done deal. I knew it the moment I saw you.
House : Interview's just a formality.
UNK: House, what are you... Lisa Cuddy, this is Patrick Linehan.
UNK: Patrick's gonna be the new intern rotating in my department.
Cuddy : I didn't even know you were looking for one. Nice to meet you.
Patrick : Sorry. I laugh when I'm nervous.
House : Bet you've been doing that your whole life, huh?
Cuddy : What kind of medicine are you interested in, Patrick?
Patrick : Cancer, infectious disease. The big devils.
Patrick : I think that medicine has become too institutionalized.
Patrick : We need to send a message to our patients that we're just like them.
Patrick : I mean, we're all people.
UNK: "We're all people." I like that.
UNK: See, she's all hard science, facts.
House : I like to know a person's hopes and dreams.
House : What kind of music do you like, Patrick? Actually, I don't...
Patrick : I'm a Mozart man.
Patrick : He says what I feel but can't express.
Cuddy : I'm late for a meeting.
House : You see, this is why the face-to-face interview is so important.
UNK: You gotta know who you're getting in bed with.
Cuddy : Get him out of here.
UNK: Deferoxamine is a chelating agent.
UNK: It binds to the iron, so that her liver can get rid of it.
Chase : Once the iron's out of the liver,
UNK: it's finally evacuated by the body in the form of urine.