UNK: one at a time, till one fails.
UNK: That sounds dangerous. It's a risk I'm prepared to take.
Crandall : If she's got an electrical problem,
Crandall : couldn't more electricity blow her whole system?
UNK: Well, look who's been watching Bill Nye, the Science Guy.
House : The test is perfectly safe. We do it every day.
UNK: AII right. And you believe me?
Crandall : I shouldn't do the test? It's crazy dangerous.
House : Just sign the damn form.
Crandall : I'm not crying. I can handle this.
UNK: Then blow your nose, I need DNA from somewhere.
Crandall : You're not running a paternity test.
UNK: She's gonna stay around just long enough
House : to get your bank account, your credit card numbers,
UNK: then she's gonna be off with her next daddy.
UNK: With what she's been through, why would you assume...
House : Because of what she's been through.
Crandall : Because that's your default position, always has been.
House : Because she's still alive.
UNK: Raised by a junkie, living on the streets, that tends to kick the sweetness out of you.
UNK: I figured you'd have mellowed. Because you're an idiot.
Crandall : If I let you do the test, it means I don't trust her.
House : No. It means I don't trust her.
UNK: 199,
UNK: 98... She's out.
Cameron : - Heart rhythm's normal. - Insert the first catheter.
Chase : I'm in.
UNK: All heart rhythms still normal.
Chase : Haven't zapped her yet.
Cameron : Send the first electrical pulse.
Chase : Sinoatrial node is normal.
UNK: Next.
Chase : Got supraventricular tachycardia.
Foreman : Stop the current. Is she hallucinating?
UNK: IV push stat, 12.5 adenosine. She's crashing. BP's plummeting.
House : Foreman, is she hallucinating? No, normal waves.
House : Then the AV node is not the bad pathway. All that was, was a heart attack.
House : Reset her, so we can find the real problem.
Foreman : Charging. Clear.
Chase : Normal rhythm.
House : Chase, high right atrium, please.
Chase : Her heart's fragile after that last attack. Chances of tachycardia.
House : You have my permission to blame Foreman at any negligence trial.
Cameron : Send the electrical pulse.
UNK: That's the one. She's hallucinating. It's near the coronary sinus.
House : Freeze it.
Chase : Damaged heart muscle gone. Cryoablation complete.
Foreman : EEG's back to normal. No hallucinations.
House : She'll be fine by breakfast.
House : Interesting reading.
Cuddy : Those are my top two choices for sperm donors.
Cuddy : I wanted your medical opinion on genetics.
House : They're losers.