House : If she'd been hit by a bus, you wouldn't lose a moment's sleep.
House : There are people all over this hospital in just as much trouble,
UNK: just as not related to you. You telling me I shouldn't care?
UNK: Prepping me to handle it for when she dies?
House : It's brown, it's lumpy,
House : I'm going to heave all over my desk. Chicken mole.
UNK: Twenty-one herbs and spices.
Wilson : I find it very comforting, you defending a man you haven't seen in years.
Wilson : To know my friend, no matter what, will always be my champion, my protector.
House : I'm not protecting him, I'm smacking her.
UNK: The modesty of the true hero.
House : Push me and I'll let her die, just so you'II stop annoying me.
UNK: Here's my theory. You're jealous.
UNK: He's maturing, he's accepting responsibility, you're emotionally stuck at 17.
House : He's manufacturing responsibility, he's not maturing.
House : He hasn't changed at all.
Wilson : So, then why do you care? That black ooze we saw?
House : That was a bowel movement
House : out of her mouth.
Wilson : You're trying to end this conversation by grossing me out?
Wilson : I'm an oncologist.
UNK: Half my patients have their skin sloughing off.
Wilson : Why are you so worried about this guy?
House : He was having a rough time with his girlfriend.
House : He was in love, he's always in love,
House : he wanted to marry her.
UNK: And I thought she was flaky, was sending mixed signals.
Wilson : So you gave him advice, and she dumped him.
House : No. I told him that I would talk to her.
Wilson : And you blew it? Technically...
House : I was doing him a favor. She was nuts.
Foreman : Stop the biopsy.
Chase : I'm right at her liver. It's House. He says stop.
House : Check it out.
UNK: Look, please tell me you didn't stop the biopsy to play us some tunes.
UNK: The left hand is very subtle, very delicate.
Cameron : This girl is dying.
House : Be dying a lot faster if I let you do that obviously unnecessary biopsy.
House : Now, listen.
UNK: Jesse Baker : I asked for this tuned. Did you get this instrument tuned?
Foreman : My God. Grandpa was an angry drunk. If only we'd known!
House : Here's how to become a great artist. First, get miserable.
House : Misery drives you to become a great artist, but the art does nothing for your misery,
House : which drives you to drugs, which makes you a lousy artist.
House : And this is not lousy.
UNK: You saying he didn't do drugs? Not when he played this.
House : Something was screwing with his personality.