Ted : No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ted : Give me this.
UNK: Aah, aah, aah, aah!
Barney : Oh, yeah, that'll get it out.
Marshall : Maybe you should try club soda.
UNK: Ow. Damn it, it really hurts. I need, like,
Ted : Some ointment or something.
UNK: What's this?
Ted : Spanish massage oil.
Ted : Spanish massage oil?
Ted : What happened here last night?
Marshall : Last night got weird.
Gael : Feel the emotions release.
UNK: : Think I just got over being chunky in the ninth grade.
Gael : You're beautiful.
Marshall : I am beautiful.
Gael : Experience your food.
UNK: ♪
Gael : Try the mango.
Gael : Okay, that's enough of the fruit.
Marshall : We're sorry, ted.
Marshall : It'll never happen again.
Lily : It meant nothing to us.
Lily : It just felt really, really, really good.
UNK: Oh! I can't even look at you two right now.
Barney : Ted...
Lily : He got a tramp stamp.
UNK: [The hallway outside Robin's Apartment - Ted/Robin]Ted : All right, first of all, this isn't one of those,
UNK: [The hallway outside Robin's Apartment - Ted/Robin]Ted : "I came all the way over here because I want you back" things.
UNK: [The hallway outside Robin's Apartment - Ted/Robin]Ted : There'll be no startling confession of love,
UNK: [The hallway outside Robin's Apartment - Ted/Robin]Ted : No sweet indie rock song that swells up
UNK: [The hallway outside Robin's Apartment - Ted/Robin]Ted : Just as we're about to kiss, none of that crap. Got it?
UNK: Okay. Good.
Ted : Now, here's the thing.
Ted : It sucks that you came back from argentina
Ted : With someone as awesome as gael.
Ted : And I know I have no right to be upset at you.
Ted : We're broken up. Life goes on. Whatever.
Ted : But you know what? We-we never did this.
Ted : We-we had this polite breakup
Ted : With no irrational yelling, and...
UNK: And that's just wrong!
UNK: So, I'm going to yell irrationally for a little while,
UNK: And you're just going to have to stand there
Ted : And deal with it, okay?
Robin : If you feel like you need to do that, then...
Ted : I think I do!
Ted : I really think I do!
Ted : So now I'm yelling!
UNK: You shaved. I did!
UNK: I liked the beard. I liked it, too, but it was getting kind of hot!
Ted : Maybe in the winter, I'll grow it back out!
Ted : Okay, I'm done.
Robin : I know it was weird showing up with gael.
Ted : I'm sorry.
Ted : Look, us breaking up... It was the right thing.
Ted : But it took some time to get over you, you know?
Ted : I-I'm still getting over you.
UNK: But you? You were over it
Ted : The minute they started the in-flight movie.
UNK: Over it?!
Robin : My first three days in argentina,
Robin : I cried my eyes out.
Robin : I missed you
Gael : So much.
Robin : I wanted to go and prove how adventurous I am,
Barney : But the truth is... It was really lonely.
Robin : And that's why gael happened.
Ted : You weren't trying to win the breakup?
Robin : I was trying to survive it.
Ted : Okay.
Narrator : No.
Ted : See, look, that all sounds good, and
Ted : We'll still be friends and move on, but...
Ted : Did he have to be so hot?
Ted : The guy's an adonis.
Robin : He's not an adonis.
Ted : He's the cadillac of rebound guys.
UNK: Marshall has a crush on him!
Ted : The guy's perfect.
Robin : He's not perfect.
Ted : Oh, come on.
Ted : He's hot. He windsurfs. He massages things.
Ted : Name one way I'm better than that guy.
Robin : You're bigger.
Ted : Don't patronize me. If anything,
Ted : He may even be a little bit taller.
UNK: No. Ted... You're bigger.
UNK: [The Bar - Ted/Marshall/Barney]Ted : I win!
Ted : Kids, I can't remember exactly
Narrtor : What helped me get through the whole robin-gael incident.
UNK: I'm sure that it was something profound and meaningful,
Narrtor : And not at all macho and petty,
Narrtor : But after that, I was back on my feet.
Narrtor : And what followed was a new era in my life, a crazy time
Narrtor : Unlike anything that came before.
Narrtor : It's funny looking back at those days,
Narrtor : Knowing now exactly what I was heading towards
Narrtor : And what was heading towards me.
UNK: ♪ Somebody hold me...
Barney : Go for barney.
Marshall : Hey, man, it's marshall.
Marshall : Check your e-mail.
Marshall : Sent you something.
Barney : What is it?
UNK: Just a new web site.
Marshall : Slapcountdown.Com.
Barney : What does this mean?
UNK: M-marshall?
Barney : Ma...
Narrator : No.
Barney : No!