Narrator : After a big relationship ends,
Narrator : You need some time to recuperate.
Narrator : Robin took a trip to argentina,
Narrator : And I went through my usual routine.
Narrator : I grew my breakup beard.
Barney : Ted mosby, suit up, 'cause here's the plan.
Barney : There's a miss nassau county pageant.
Barney : We'll pretend to be judges
Barney : And, yes, our votes are for sale.
Ted : I'm not ready.
Narrator : I repainted the apartment.
UNK: Finish line of a women's 10k.
Barney : Salty girls on an endorphin high
Barney : Who just want to lie down.
UNK: Yeah. I'm not ready.
Narrator : And the truth is, I was doing really good.
Barney : Female acrobats from montreal. Hmm.
UNK: Super flexible. We are going to get cirque de so-laid.
Barney : What up?
Ted : Barney, come on. We've covered this.
Lynn : Robin!
Robin : Hey, guys.
Robin : I just got in last night.
Robin : Um, uh, this is gael.
Gael : Hola.
Ted : Okay, I'm ready.
Ted : I just can't believe her.
Ted : We have this totally amicable split,
Ted : Everything's cool.
Ted : And she comes back from vacation with that guy?
Ted : You know what she's doing?
Ted : She's trying to win the breakup.
Lily : What do you mean "win the breakup," old-timey inventor?
Marshall : What our 21st president, chester arthur,
Marshall : Is trying to say is that
Marshall : In every breakup there are winners and losers.
Lily : It's not a competition.
UNK: Now, your 80-day balloon race around the world,
Lily : That was a competition.
Marshall : That's my wife.
Barney : Of course it's a competition, lil.
Barney : How else do you explain... What's his name?
Robin : Gael.
Ted : I'm sorry, gayle?
Robin : Gael.
Barney : Kyle?
Robin : Gael.
Marshall : Girl?
Robin : It's pronounced "guy-el."
UNK: It means "joyful."
Gael : That is why I live my life by bringing joy,
Gael : Good energy and happiness to others.
Gael : Especially those less fortunate that I.
Ted : I'm sorry, so it's gayle?
Ted : What a jerk.
Ted : I don't go to your stupid country
UNK: And try to seduce women with my sexy accent.
Barney : That's a great point, persian nightclub owner.
UNK: Oh, and he's a masseuse.
Gael : With a massage, everything is connected.
Gael : I can touch your foot, cleanse your kidney.
Gael : I can touch your earlobe,
Gael : And slow your heartbeat.
Ted : One time, I used warm water to make a guy pee.
Ted : Of course, I didn't make a career out of it.
Gael : Career?
Gael : Such an american idea.
Gael : My career is living. Windsurfing.
Gael : Making love.
Gael : Sometimes at the same time.
Barney : How?
Barney : How would one do that exactly?
Barney : Seriously, don't giggle. Tell me.
Barney : Not possible.
UNK: You cannot have sex on a windsurfing board.
Lily : How do you know? Glad you asked, lily.
Barney : I have crafted a list of every vehicle...
Barney : Land-based, aquatic and airborne...
Barney : In which/on which it's possible to have sex,
Barney : And of those 33 vehicles,
UNK: I have had sex in/on 31.
Barney : Windsurfing board, not on the list, not possible.
Barney : Oh, p.S., in order to hit 33, all I need is
Barney : Bobsled and the apollo 11 space capsule.
Lily : To get that last one, you'd have to break into the smithsonian.
Barney : This conversation never happened.
UNK: All right, you're suited up, I'm bearded down.
Ted : Let's get out there and win this thing.
Barney : Yes!
Ted : You guys, have fun on your double date.
Lily : Oh, for the hundredth time, I'm sorry, there was a lull.
Gael : And then we fell asleep on the beach
Gael : While counting the stars.
Lily : Do you want to have dinner with me? Uh, us?
Marshall : There was no lull.
Marshall : You just think he's incredibly hot.
Lily : No, I don't!
Lily : Not incredibly.
Lily : It's a little hard to believe how hot he is.
Lily : But, I mean,
UNK: She's not serious about him.
Lily : The girl never marries the hot guy.
Marshall : Well, you did.
Lily : I'm one of the lucky few.
UNK: Lily, ted is our best friend,
UNK: So let's get something straight :
UNK: Male gayle is not hot.
UNK: He's not our friend. Don't even look at him.
UNK: Just... No eye contact.
Narrator : So that night, as lily and marshall
Narrator : Did their best to hate gael...
UNK: Hey, robin. Gael.
Narrator : Robin pulled me aside to check in.