Barney : Up high.
Barney : Fivin' it up five-style!
UNK: [The Apartment - Robin/Gael/Marshall/Lily]Robin : I'm sorry this is all so weird.
Marshall : Weird? Why would it be weird?
Marshall : Because you used to date our best friend
Marshall : Or because my wife thinks
Marshall : Your new boyfriend is incredibly hot?
Lily : I do not! Shut up!
Lily : Oh, my god!
Robin : I just hope ted's okay.
Marshall : Hmm.
Gael : I hate to see you so tense.
Gael : I mean, we had a really clean breakup, you know?
Gael : We really acted like adults,
Gael : So the last thing... oh!
UNK: Gael, are you a properly licensed massage therapist?
UNK: What? Are you legally
Marshall : Certified by some type of governing entity?
Gael : I train for three years at an institute in buenos aires.
Gael : I have a card. I can show you.
Marshall : Is the card laminated?
Gael : What do you mean "laminated"?
Marshall : Covered in protective plastic.
UNK: Oh, yes. Damn it.
Marshall : He checks out.
Barney : Ted. Ted.
Barney : Ted. Ted.
Ted : What?!
Barney : Let's bail. This place is dead.
Ted : Yeah, you're right.
Ted : We're both totally striking out.
UNK: Exactly, plus,
UNK: We're on a tight schedule. I've got this entire evening
UNK: Perfectly planned out... Spoiler alert :
UNK: Our last stop is an after-hours club
UNK: So after hours, it's three days from now.
Barney : What up.
Ted : Are you blind?
Ted : I'm making out with a 12. I am winning.
Barney : Yeah, but I didn't get to help.
Ted : So you're saying you want me to throw away
Ted : A super hot girl just because you didn't help me get her?
Barney : Apology accepted. Let's go.
Amy : Who's the suit?
Ted : This is barney. Barney, amy.
Barney : I'm not gonna remember that.
Barney : Now, if you'll excuse me,
Barney : Random chick from earlier tonight,
Barney : As you shall henceforth be known,
Barney : Ted and I have a schedule to keep.
UNK: Oh, well, you can check off 8 : 54, dress up like a dork
UNK: And bother the cool kids.
UNK: Beat it, nerd.
Barney : Wow. Wow.
Barney : Great stuff, tommy lee.
Barney : See, what you don't understand is
UNK: I'm ted's wingman.
Barney : It's a sacred bond, much stronger than any...
Barney : They're making out again.
Marshall : Massage therapist.
Marshall : And you know what, "gayle"?
Marshall : Your piece of chicken looks a little tense to me.
Marshall : Oh, oh, does that feel good, mr. Chicken?
Marshall : Well, guess what?
Marshall : I didn't wash my hands.
Marshall : Got him.
UNK: Lily!
Gael : We carry so much ancient emotion
Gael : In our neck and shoulders.
Gael : Things we should have let go of years ago.
Lily : I forgive you, mom.
Marshall : Lily, we are ted's best friends.
Marshall : Our job is to hate that guy.
Lily : Oh, yeah, that's... That's what I was doing.
UNK: I was just building him up so a few minutes later,
Lily : I could totally cut him down.
Marshall : Weren't you wearing a bra?
UNK: The night was going great.
Narrator : Amy was cool and dangerous.
Narrator : She found a friend for barney.
Narrator : She even paid for drinks...
Narrator : Sort of.
Barney : They know us here.
Barney : You're gonna get us in trouble.
Amy : Tell me something.
Amy : Do you ask your tailor to leave extra room
Amy : In the crotch for your huge vagina?
UNK: You... Your vagina...
Barney : Ted, this chick is crazy.
UNK: We're leaving. Good idea.
Amy : Let's all go back to my place.
Barney : Your place? Uh, thanks but no thanks,
Barney : 1994 courtney love.
Amy : I have a hot tub.