Barney : No way, no way, no way!
Marshall : What's happening?
Ted : It's a tricycle.
Barney : No way, no way, no way.
Ted : It's a tricycle.
Lily : Well, I'll just say it right now.
Lily : All sorority girls are sluts.
Barney : Put him on speaker.
Barney : So what you're saying to us right now
UNK: Is that you have a shot at the belt?
UNK: Wait-wait-wait. What belt?
UNK: Well, barney and I have
Ted : This running joke that the first guy to actually pull this off
UNK: Would "win" the championship belt.
Marshall : Oh, so it's a metaphorical belt, right?
UNK: flashback to Barney removing a large belt from a box Barney : Behold...
Ted : You actually bought a belt.
Barney : That's right. It's resplendent.
UNK: Come on, it was just a thing we said.
Ted : We were kidding around.
Barney : I never kid.
Barney : Remember you said if I ever slept with that girl
Barney : From days of our lives, I'd be the king?
Ted : Well...
Marshall : Why wasn't I told about the belt?
Marshall : I could go for the belt.
Marshall : If lily were to die before me, then I could ride the tricycle.
UNK: If I died, I would just come back and haunt your penis.
UNK: Guys, come on! Help me out. What do I do?
Barney : All right, ted, if you're going to go for the belt,
Barney : Then the bylaws require me to ask the following questions :
One : Is the aggregate age of all participants under 83?
Marshall : Yes.
Two : Is the aggregate weight of all participants
UNK: Under 400 pounds?
Marshall : Yes.
Barney : Theodore mosby...
Barney : Are you paying these women?
Ted : What? No.
Barney : Ted...
UNK: No. Look, I got to go. They're going to think
Ted : I inherited my dad's imaginary bathroom issues.
Ted : Oh, are you guys leaving?
Rachel : Well, it is getting pretty late.
UNK: Right. Well, well, it's been...
Trudy : Maybe we could all go listen to that wilco cd
Trudy : You talked about before.
UNK: Great! I have it right upstairs.
Ted : It's in my apartment upstairs. Let's go upstairs.
Rachel : I'm sorry. Where was your apartment again?
UNK: Ha, that's funny. I love that.
Ted : You should tell more jokes in my apartment upstairs.
UNK: Scenario ♪12 : We're in a horrific car crash.
Marshall : You die. I'm left paralyzed.
Marshall : Two sexy nurses, with a six-pack of wine coolers,
Marshall : Sneak into my room late at night.
Marshall : I try to blink at them in morse code.
Marshall : "Please, don't. I love my dead wife."
Marshall : But they're medical professionals,
UNK: And I got to think, somehow, they're saving my life.
Lily : Fine. Sleep with your nurses.
Lily : Tonight you ride the unicycle.
Marshall : I already did this morning.
Ted : Hello.
Robin : Lily, I have pounded three cappuccinos waiting for you.
Robin : Pretty soon, I won't have to shave...
Robin : The hair is going to vibrate off my legs.
UNK: I'm sorry, I can't leave now.
Robin : Lily, he can't see my legs like this.
Robin : I look like a turkish lesbian.
UNK: There's, um, a pharmacy across the street.
Robin : Would 20 bucks buy me a razor?
UNK: No, but 50 will.
Barney : Hold on. Ted's texting me.
UNK: "We're combing up-sars."
UNK: "combing up-sars." what does that mean?
UNK: It means they're coming upstairs.
UNK: Where's my pants? Where's my pants?
UNK: Where's my pants?!
Ted : Got 'em.
UNK: Ooh! Nice place.
Rachel : Hey, are these your roommates?
UNK: Yes. Uh, yes, but they are not here.
Ted : They are somewhere else.
Ted : We have total privacy
Ted : Because privacy is essential when you're listening to music.
Rachel : You know what else is essential when you're listening to music?
Ted : Music.
Ted : That's hilarious.
UNK: You are hilarious!