UNK: If you must know, it wasn't a freak beverage malfunction
UNK: That stopped me from riding the tricycle that night.
UNK: Blonde Girl : So, barney, why don't we
UNK: Blonde Girl : Take this party to a more horizontal location?
Barney : Oh, no, the night's ruined!
UNK: Brunette Girl : No, baby, it's not.
UNK: Yes, it is! Whatever this night was heading towards is ruined.
Barney : Where's my coat?
Marshall : Why would you do that to yourself?
Barney : Because you get up in your head, man.
UNK: You start thinking,
UNK: "I can't do this. It's two women."
Barney : That's two of everything, four of some things.
Barney : The logistics alone are enough to cripple even a pro like me.
UNK: See, if a complete degenerate like barney choked,
Ted : What chance do I have?
Barney : The best chance in the world.
Barney : Fear took the belt from me.
Barney : Fear rode the tricycle that night, my friends.
Barney : But fear will not get a second turn.
UNK: It won't? No.
Barney : Because I now realize it isn't my destiny to win the belt.
Barney : It is my destiny to help my friend win it.
Barney : Ted is fated to go there first.
Barney : He is our neil armstrong.
UNK: Spacesuit up, ted,
Barney : 'cause you're going to the moon.
UNK: Step one.
Ted : Ladies.
UNK: I couldn't find your coats,
Ted : But I did find... Tequila.
Marshall : Wait, wait, wait, a remote control fireplace?
Ted : We don't have a remote control fireplace.
UNK: back to present scene Barney : Right, that's my apartment.
UNK: The dressing gown's mine, too.
UNK: back to present scene Barney : Damn, this should be me.
UNK: Anyway, continuing...
UNK: Whew!
Rachel : I am so exhausted.
Rachel : So exhausted.
UNK: Wait, why would I want to tire them out?
Barney : That's your excuse to unleash pretext
UNK: For physical contact ♪1.
UNK: Oh, you give the most amazing foot massage.
UNK: That's 'cause I used to practice
Ted : All the time on my grandmother.
Ted : Why in god's name would I say that?
UNK: back to present scene in Ted's room Barney : It's endearing. You're a caregiver.
UNK: back to present scene in Ted's room Barney : Never take family values out of the equation.
UNK: Step three.
Trudy : Ted, what's wrong?
Ted : I was just thinking about this documentary I saw once
Ted : About something called a super volcano.
UNK: Okay, what the hell?
Barney : Wait for it.
UNK: It can happen at any time.
Ted : And obliterate all life on earth,
Ted : Which is why I live by three simple words.
Ted : Don't postpone joy.
Ted : Oh, my god.
Trucy : That's so true.
Marshall : Yeah.
UNK: The mortality angle.
Ted : That's actually pretty good.
UNK: I can do this. Yes, you can.
UNK: Yeah. I can't believe I'm going to say this,
Lily : But I'm actually moved.
Lily : Bring it in, guys.
Ted : All right.
Ted : I'll see you on the other side.
UNK: So what happened next? Did you do it?
UNK: It doesn't seem right to talk about it.
Barney : What? No! Tell me.
Barney : Don't tell me because you don't have to
Barney : Because you didn't do it.
Barney : You didn't do it. You did it.
Barney : You did it, didn't you?
Barney : Did you?
Barney : You didn't do it.
Barney : Yes, you did. You did.
UNK: No, you didn't.
Barney : Tell me!
UNK: Future Ted : Some stories you tell, some stories you don't.
UNK: That's because you didn't do it.
Barney : He didn't do it.
Barney : You did it. You did it, didn't you?
Barney : You did it. Tell me, did you?
UNK: Ted, belt. Did you?
UNK: Did you or didn't you?
Barney : Did?
UNK: Tell me, please. For the love...
UNK: Do you know if he did or didn't?
UNK: Oh, hey, um, hmm?
UNK: Would you go in there and see if my date's okay?
Waitress : No problem.
UNK: Thank you.
Waitress : No, nobody's in there, but the window's actually open.
UNK: I guess I shouldn't be so surprised.
UNK: I mean, she was acting weird all night, right?
UNK: Yeah, you know...
Waitress : Why don't I buy you a drink?
UNK: Okay.
Waitress : Did I overhear that you're a surgeon?
UNK: Robin's date : Guilty as charged.
UNK: Oh, you're so funny.
UNK: I'm here!
UNK: I'm fine!
Robin : My head is bleeding.
Robin : Going down again.