Taub : So how does a completely healthy teenager have a mini-stroke?
Park : Head CT and cerebral angiogram are normal,
Park : clotting parameters are normal.
House : You're forgetting the wrinkly clump in the middle of his shirt.
House : Thought we'd diagnose the middle-aged clown first.
UNK: It's probably from my seatbelt.
House : Wrinkle pattern's too varied.
House : Looks like someone shoved you. Or grabbed you.
Taub : Probably from the diaper bag If the patient's using drugs,
UNK: cocaine could've caused an arterial spasm in his brain...
UNK: Tox screen's clean.
House : I'm gonna say it was the ex-girlfriend you cheated on,
House : not the ex-wife you cheated with
UNK: because if the latter was prone to violence,
House : you'd have been scattered in various dumpsters years ago.
UNK: Seriously?
Taub : No one else wants to talk about the patient?
Taub : New office furniture. Meaty topic.
Chase : What's the action on the ex-wife?
Taub : It was Rachel's boyfriend Phil.
Taub : His company's moving him back to Portland.
Taub : He wants me to change my visitation order
Taub : so he can ask Rachel and my daughter to move out west with him.
Taub : Things got a little heated.
Taub : The patient was punched in the groin,
UNK: could've triggered a massive sympathetic discharge...
House : Carotid duplex is normal.
UNK: And who's better qualified to be the daddy?
House : The guy who spilled a little DNA in her gene pool,
House : or the guy who's gonna be there day and night
House : to pass on important values like not shtupping Mommy after the divorce?
Taub : I am her daddy. She's staying here.
Park : House has a point.
Park : A couple nights a week with each kid may make you feel better.
UNK: It doesn't replace two round-the-clock parents.
Chase : Round-the-clock or not, parenting's an impossible job.
Chase : No way not to mess it up.
Chase : Why shouldn't Taub be the one to do it?
Taub : - Thank you. - Makes sense.
House : Park's tiger mom and dad were so insufferable,
House : she has to measure their affection in hours.
House : Chase's careerist dad and alcoholic mom were so indifferent,
House : he has to believe it's a wash.
House : Your turn.
House : What did your screwed-up parents do
House : to screw up your view of parenting?
Adams : They were good parents.
House : That's an oxymoron.
House : Chase is right, all parents screw up all children.
House : He's also dreamy, but it's not relevant now.
Taub : So all parents screw up all children,
Taub : but it makes some huge difference
Taub : if I keep my daughter here or let her move?
Taub : Endocarditis, flipped a piece of vegetation into his brain,
UNK: which could've broken up before the angiogram.
UNK: Transesophageal echo to confirm.
UNK: And screwed up is her best-case.
House : Bouncing between a philandering, workaholic dad
House : and an embittered' sexually-betrayed mom,
House : it's gonna lead to screwed-up squared.
Janey : Is endocarditis treatable?
UNK: VET?
Chase : The echo will show us any growths on his heart valve.
Chase : Most likely meds'll be enough, he won't even need surgery.
Janey : He's just taken up performing, and it's very stressful for him.
Janey : Could that have caused this?
Ben : It's not stressful, I have fun.
Taub : Stress wouldn't be relevant.
Taub : But anything that increases his adrenaline could have made it worse.
Janey : Maybe we find you a new hobby. One you're a little better at.
Ben : I'm gonna get better at it, and it's not a hobby.
Ben : I think I want to get a job working
Ben : as a circus clown, making people laugh.
UNK: Ben, I don't think that's a good idea.
Ben : It was good enough for my dad.
UNK: Red Headed Boy : You were a...
Janey : His biological father.
Ron : Could his dad's melanoma be a factor here?
Taub : That wouldn't be related.
Janey : Ben, you barely knew him.
Janey : You're such a smart kid,
Janey : you could aim a lot higher than face paint and seltzer bottles.