Taub : She robbed them of 12 years together.
House : Or she ripped off the Band-Aid too late.
UNK: That memory she let Son of Bozo establish
House : is making him chase his father's moronic profession.
House : When he could be living the high life in Portland.
House : And I mean that metaphorically, of course.
House : This is where you dazzle me with your contingency plan.
House : I see why employers are reluctant to hire ex-cons.
Adams : Well, what about the patient?
Adams : Is the problem hyperammonemic or synthetic?
Chase : Can't treat for both.
Chase : One requires hemodialysis, the other a liver transplant
Chase : and we couldn't even get the kid a marrow match.
House : Get the mom's consent to pump him full of protein.
House : If it's a synthetic problem, more fluid
House : will leak into his chest and his heart will fail.
House : If it's hyperammonemic, toxins will
House : overwhelm his body and he'll go into a coma.
Park : Do you only like tests that involve the risk of death?
House : There are some slower, less conclusive tests, but why take that risk?
UNK: Man Holding Receiver : In here.
House : Oh, my God. The water.
House : This is completely my fault.
Taub : There are very serious risks,
Taub : but if we don't figure out what he has, we can't treat him at all.
Taub : I may be a little out of bounds here,
Taub : but in case there are complications,
Taub : might be a good time to come clean to your son.
UNK: Lei his father visit.
Taub : A little out of bounds?
Taub : I don't know the history, but everyone makes mistakes.
Taub : Your son worships him.
UNK: The doctor's right about that.
UNK: Yeah?
Janey : And when did he learn that?
Janey : When he encouraged Ben to drop out of school?
Janey : Mitchell is not Ben's father any more than a sperm donor would've been.
UNK: Monroe's Wife : Dr. House?
House : Unless you're a locksmith or an electrician
House : with political contacts, I'm busy.
UNK: Monroe's Wife : My husband saw you in the clinic. Wants treatment for diabetes.
House : My condolences on your forthcoming divorce.
UNK: Monroe's Wife : He keeps imagining symptoms,
UNK: Monroe's Wife : and now I have to make him these awful anti-diabetic meals.
House : Since I have no intention of testing him,
House : treating him, or cooking for him...
UNK: Monroe's Wife : Could you write me a fake prescription for insulin?
House : The advantage of fake prescriptions
UNK: Monroe's Wife : Just tell me what's safe to inject in his thigh.
UNK: Monroe's Wife : His symptoms will go away and then I can show him he was never sick.
UNK: Water?
UNK: Imaginary medicine's not my specialty.
House : I do have an imaginary colleague
House : who's just sent me an imaginary page.
House : Imagine how sorry I am.
Chase : Still mad about what happened in the lab?
Adams : I'm not mad, I'm being professional.
Chase : You claim you're not screwed up, you may even believe ii,
Chase : but House doesn't, and I don't.
Chase : So you can wait till he camps out on your parents' lawn,
Chase : or you can admit you don't live
Chase : on some higher plane and thank me later.
Ben : My... My eye feels weird.
Ben : What's happening to me?
Taub : You look tired.
UNK: I hate when people say that. I know, I look bad.