Taub : We tested him for syphilis, he was negative.
House : After 12 years, the active infection would have died down
House : everywhere except the arteries in his brain,
House : where it could hide out from our tests.
House : When that six-year-old heckler punched him in his juggling pins,
House : Severe Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.
Ron : - Is this true? - Yes.
House : Jarisch-Herxheimer is real. It sounds silly but...
UNK: You mean the... Right.
Janey : I found stains on his clothes.
Janey : He didn't understand and he didn't seem traumatized.
Janey : I kept trying to talk to him, but before long, he'd forgotten.
Janey : And he seemed...
Janey : He seemed happy, and he seemed normal.
House : So you made Daddy go away, and you made
House : sure Junior had no reason to go looking.
Janey : I was just trying to protect him,
Janey : like I should have done from the start.
Taub : I'm sorry.
House : IV penicillin and anti-TNF antibodies, he'll be fine.
House : Apart from the whole daddy-rape thing.
Adams : We're not done.
House : No, we are not.
House : Notify the dad's sexual partners, notify his employer,
House : his landlord, notify the police.
Adams : I meant the kid. We're not gonna tell him he was molested?
House : To make him miserable, or to forfeit your license?
Adams : To tell him the truth.
Adams : He's a virgin, how do I explain the STD?
Adams : It's a medical diagnosis. Screw the parents, the kid's our patient.
House : I guess Taub's got a tough choice to make when the kid wakes up.
Taub : Why is it my choice?
UNK: Because you're a dad.
House : How could the rest of us possibly understand?
Ben : What was wrong with me?
Taub : It's called syphilis.
UNK: Uh...
Ben : You can get that without having sex?
Taub : I didn't tell him.
House : Your heart said he needed to know,
House : your brain knew he's better off without it.
House : Following your heart is easy. Following your brain is tough.
House : Especially after years of following
House : that much smaller, third organ.
UNK: That's why all parents screw up all children.
UNK: Evening.
Adams : Clever tactic, pretending you're not interested anymore.
House : How could that possibly work as a tactic?
House : The fact is, once I saw those incompletes,
House : I knew your parents screwed you up.
House : The details are just gravy.
Adams : You're wrong.
Adams : The only evidence you have is proof of something else.
Adams : I ran away from home.
House : Because you had lousy parents.
Adams : Because I didn't.
Adams : All my friends' parents were divorced, or having affairs,
Adams : or barely knew their kids' birthdays.
House : You envied their dysfunction?
Adams : I thought it made them deeper somehow.
Adams : It was stupid.
Adams : I hitchhiked to Manhattan, moved in with an older guy.
Adams : In two months I came running home.
Adams : Took my parents years to get over it.
House : That's when you started to excel. You were making it up to them.
House : Your parents screwed you up by not screwing you up.
Adams : How does briefly wishing I was screwed up make me screwed up?
House : It's normal to be screwed up. It's really screwed up to romanticize it.
House : Guess that's why you wanted to work with prisoners.
Adams : It's why I wanted to work with you.
House : It was a tactic.
UNK: Chris. Yeah.
Taub : I need to talk to you and Phil.
Rachel : Is everything okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : I can't let you move.
Rachel : You drove all the way out here just
Rachel : to tell us what you already told us?
Taub : I'm sorry.
Wilson : House, open up I don't want to miss the opening bell.
UNK: House?