Taub : Oh, yeah, that's working.
Foreman : I can't feel my face.
Taub : No way.
Foreman : Way. Hit me.
UNK: What?
Foreman : Hit me in the face.
UNK: Seriously?
Foreman : You know you've always wanted to. Now's your chance.
Taub : That's a great idea. We can start a fight club, maybe we...
UNK: Oh, my God, you're right. That is so cool.
UNK: Okay, I'll even...
Taub : I can still feel my hand.
Foreman : I wasn't ready.
Taub : What were you gonna do, flex your goatee muscle?
Taub : Wait a minute.
Wilson : This is your credentials file?
Foreman : Give me that.
Taub : That's why you came down here, not for the patient file.
Taub : You wanted... You wanted...
Cameron : Okay, Robert. I will answer whatever questions you want.
Cameron : But then you're gonna have to sign the papers.
Chase : Did you ever love me?
Cameron : How can you even ask that?
Chase : The first time you slept with me was because you were on crystal meth.
Cameron : I was on the drugs because I was emotional.
Cameron : It was the emotions that led to the sex, not the drugs.
Chase : Not true.
Chase : After that, you refused to let it go further than just sex.
Cameron : Because I knew I was falling for you and I didn't want to.
Chase : And that never changed.
Chase : You broke off our vacation because I bought you a ring.
Cameron : I got cold feet, I'm not proud of it.
Chase : And then you almost called off our wedding
UNK: because you couldn't give up the idea... No.
Cuddy : Don't. ... of having your dead husband's baby.
Cameron : Don't bring him up. Because even then
Chase : you weren't sure about me.
Chase : Maybe if I was dying when you married me,
UNK: it would've been a bit different.
Cameron : That's not fair.
Chase : It's not only fair, it's exactly the point.
Chase : He was dying when you met him and he was gone just a year into the marriage.
Chase : So, it was all a honeymoon with him,
Chase : and I could never match up to that.
UNK: The first time reality intruded on... Stop this.
Chase : Just tell me the truth. About what?
Chase : Did you ever love me?
Cameron : I don't know!
Chase : Thank you for finally telling me.