Cameron : How do you look so okay?
Chase : I spent months wondering how I made it go bad.
Chase : If you never loved me, then I didn't do anything wrong.
UNK: Hey.
Chase : Allison, come on.
Chase : It's all right.
Cameron : Still don't know why I said that.
Cameron : It's not even true. I did love you.
Cameron : Just not in a way that would have ever worked.
Chase : Why not?
Cameron : Because everything you said is true.
Cameron : I'm a mess.
Cameron : I married a man I knew was dying,
Cameron : so God knows how screwed up I already was.
Cameron : Him dying messed me up even more.
Cameron : I pushed you out of my life.
UNK: And I'm unfixable.
Cameron : Not you.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
Cameron : I'm sorry, too.
UNK: Truth.
Wilson : Shut up.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
Wilson : It's not your fault.
Thirteen : No, I didn't even play fair.
Thirteen : You asked me how my dad reacted when I told him I was bisexual.
Thirteen : And the Huntington's.
Wilson : No tea party?
Thirteen : I never told him.
Thirteen : He's been through enough.
Wilson : So, he just visits his heterosexual, healthy daughter,
Wilson : and you go out to dinner and a movie and talk about your garden?
Thirteen : I work late. He's staying at my house.
Thirteen : It's easier if I stay elsewhere as much as I can.
Wilson : You can't suppress your life for his convenience.
Thirteen : You don't see a little irony in that?
Thirteen : That's exactly what you do for House.
Thirteen : When he moved in with you, you bought a bigger place for him.
Thirteen : No wonder you're not dating anyone.
Wilson : You're right.
Wilson : That woman, the woman I'm not involved with,
Wilson : her name is Sam Carr. But in 1990 and 1991, it was Sam Wilson.
Thirteen : Your ex-wife?
Wilson : No, my mother. Yes, my ex-wife.
Wilson : Ex number one. She friended me a few weeks ago.
UNK: We started e-mailing, turns out she's recently divorced,
Wilson : and I wanted to ask her out.
Thirteen : You can't take a woman to dinner
Thirteen : or else House will go running straight back to the loony bin?
Thirteen : You're not worried about House, you're worried about yourself
Thirteen : because she's an ex,
Thirteen : so even dinner will mean it's immediately serious.
Cameron : What are your favorite parts that you remember?
UNK: I liked how, when I'd wake up in the middle of the night,
Chase : you'd put your arm around me and you wouldn't even wake up.
Chase : I liked watching you stand up to your dad at Christmas when he yelled at your mom.
Chase : How you didn't even know you were strong, but you were.
Chase : What do you miss?
Cameron : I miss a lot.
Cameron : But when I think about missing you,
Cameron : I think about that dance class that we took, for our wedding.
Cameron : It's weird.
UNK: I think, "He's never going to hold me like that again."
House : Oh, God.
Taub : Come on.
Chase : I'm gonna miss this, too.
UNK: "Published in The New England Journal at 26"?
UNK: I finished all the lab work a year earlier.
UNK: "Led a group of surgeons to fix cleft palates in Bangladesh"?
Taub : What can I say? That concert was very moving to me.
Taub : I have to take a knee.
UNK: I don't get it. This has gotta be the most spectacular file down here.
Foreman : Why are you pretending to be ashamed?
Taub : I'd trade mine for yours in a second.
Taub : When I was in med school, I thought I'd be House someday.
UNK: Instead, I'm a fellow, working with...
Taub : Working for people years younger than me.
Foreman : So, we both have a few regrets.
Taub : You should be proud of yours. Your life's been trending up.