Cameron : Why won't you sign the divorce papers?
Chase : It's been on my to-do list, sorry.
Cameron : Will you sign them?
Chase : Not until we have a real conversation about our marriage.
Cameron : Okay, I made a mistake coming here. I'm sorry.
Cameron : I'm gonna leave this copy here.
UNK: Loud Speaker : Code Seven. Code Seven.
UNK: Loud Speaker : All non-essential personnel and guests,
UNK: Loud Speaker : please remain where you are.
UNK: Loud Speaker : Security personnel should report to their staging areas
UNK: Loud Speaker : and await further instructions.
UNK: Loud Speaker : All patients, please remain in your rooms
UNK: Loud Speaker : and use call buttons if you need medical assistance.
UNK: Loud Speaker : Please remain calm and wait for hospital personnel to come to you.
UNK: Loud Speaker : Do not try to leave your room until the Code Seven...
UNK: It's clear all the way down. Nurse, just leave it.
UNK: But it's... Leave it.
Guard : You need to get into the room now.
UNK: Loud Speaker : Please notify hospital personnel or police immediately
UNK: Loud Speaker : if you see anything suspicious.
UNK: Loud Speaker : We cannot allow anyone to leave the hospital at this time.
UNK: Loud Speaker : All personnel should remain in their staging areas
UNK: Loud Speaker : unless otherwise instructed by security.
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotta clear the...
UNK: Loud Speaker : Thank you for your patience and cooperation.
UNK: Another Guard : And did anyone other than your nurses ever come by asking about your daughter?
Sarah : No. No, just those two.
UNK: Another Guard : I'll check in soon.
UNK: Wait. Hon, what are you doing?
Sarah : No, I need to help them look.
Cuddy : You have to stay in bed.
Cuddy : You pulled a stitch, lay back down.
UNK: I've got it.
Cuddy : Why don't I give you something to help you relax?
Sarah : No, no. I don't want to relax. I want to find my baby.
Cuddy : The police are searching room by room.
Sarah : Who would take her? What if she needs to be fed?
Cuddy : We're gonna find her.
Donald : Why aren't the police talking to our nurse?
Thirteen : What now? Truth or Dare?
Thirteen : Oh, no, you don't want to mess with me.
UNK: Truth or Dare queen at Newton North.
Wilson : I was kidding.
Wilson : I'm sure we can find something interesting to talk about
Wilson : without relying on some juvenile game.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Truth.
Smits : They think I took the kid? Do you think I would do something...
Cuddy : I'm just asking questions.
Smits : The dad let the older brother hold the baby for the first time,
Smits : so I put her in his lap. After a few seconds, she shrieked.
Smits : I'm pretty sure he pinched her.
Cuddy : I need to know this stuff, anything out of the ordinary.
Smits : It was sibling rivalry. I thought it was kind of ordinary.
UNK: Hey.
Chase : What are you doing down here?
Foreman : I was looking for McKenna's patient file.
Taub : Oh. You mean this file?
Taub : The one I said I'd get? Two hours ago.
UNK: Seriously, you don't trust me
Taub : with the immense responsibility of fetching a file?
Foreman : If you already found it, what are you looking through those for?
Taub : Do you know what these are?
Taub : The staff credentials files.
Foreman : Those should all be in HR.
Taub : Down here to be digitized.
Taub : And we're locked in, and whoever's supposed to be watching them is locked out.
Taub : We could look up anything on anyone.
Taub : Malpractice records, felony histories...
Foreman : Put them away. Come on.
Taub : We have a tiny window of opportunity to gain some insight into our colleagues.
Taub : Okay. What if we just snoop on our boss?