UNK: James Wilson : Starting her heart could cause brain damage,
UNK: James Wilson : could burn out the heart muscle.
UNK: Greg House : Test her heart without starting it.
UNK: Greg House : Crack her chest open. Reach a finger inside the pulmonary vein,
UNK: Greg House : run it across the valve.
UNK: Eric Foreman : That's the safer course?
UNK: Greg House : It is if we're wrong.
UNK: Eric Foreman : When did we start assuming we're wrong?
UNK: Eric Foreman : If this were any other patient...
UNK: Greg House : If the valve is calcified, that's our answer,
UNK: Greg House : that's our cure. Go.
UNK: Thirteen.
UNK: Greg House : Who found the diet pills?
UNK: Kutner.
UNK: Greg House : You didn't even go in the bathroom, did you?
UNK: Greg House : You're suddenly mute in the differentials.
UNK: Greg House : A blow-up doll would be more useful.
UNK: Greg House : And yes, that's the first time
UNK: Greg House : I've ever implied something negative about a blow-up doll.
UNK: It's Amber. I don't...
UNK: Greg House : Normally, I'd be fascinated.
UNK: Greg House : Today, don't care.
UNK: Greg House : Get over whatever it is and do your job.
UNK: Robert Chase : Wait. Look at her eye.
UNK: Chris Taub : She's jaundiced.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Her liver's not working.
UNK: Robert Chase : Diet pills don't kill the liver.
UNK: Robert Chase : Put her back in ICU.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Liver failure means whatever this thing is, it's spreading.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Despite the fact that she's frozen.
UNK: "thirteen" : Hepatic and heart failure could mean anti-trypsinase deficiency.
UNK: Eric Foreman : We can stick a needle in her liver.
UNK: Eric Foreman : We see fibrosis, she's right.
UNK: Greg House : Does Amber drink sherry?
UNK: Nocardia fits just as well,
UNK: Chris Taub : but there's no way we can tell,
UNK: Chris Taub : since we can't take her temperature.
UNK: Greg House : I had a dream she was pouring me a glass.
UNK: Greg House : And since I'm a scotch, beer, gin and rum man...
UNK: Chris Taub : If we warm her back up, we should be able to tell if she's got an infection.
UNK: James Wilson : Yes, we can get a diagnosis
UNK: James Wilson : by letting the disease run rampant until it kills her.
UNK: James Wilson : If it's spreading, we need to slow this even more.
UNK: We've got to cool her down further.
UNK: Chris Taub : I know you love her and you're scared she's going to die.
UNK: Chris Taub : But just making her colder and colder isn't a cure.
UNK: Chris Taub : It's not dealing with the reality.
UNK: Greg House : Sherry means something.
UNK: James Wilson : Amber doesn't even drink sherry.
UNK: House, can we get back to...
UNK: Greg House : If she did drink sherry, it would mean nothing, but since she doesn't,
UNK: Greg House : my subconscious is obviously trying to make some other point.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : There's a Sharrie's Bar on Third, right off the bus route.
UNK: Greg House : Wilson's right. We need to make her colder.
UNK: Chris Taub : Putting more ice on her is just delaying the diagnosis.
UNK: Not on, in. Fill her lungs with slurry.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Where are you going?
UNK: Greg House : Taking Wilson out for a drink.