UNK: James Wilson : Is this the place?
UNK: Maybe.
UNK: Hey. I assume you are here for these.
UNK: Greg House : Did you see me here with a tall, blonde woman?
Bartender : Yeah, I think she joined you after scotch number seven.
UNK: Greg House : Did she seem sick?
Bartender : She sneezed.
Bartender : I gave her a napkin.
UNK: Greg House : Did you see the color of the sputum?
Bartender : I assume sputum means snot.
UNK: Look, I see lots of drunk chicks in here.
Bartender : I didn't have time to stop and analyze the color of your girlfriend's boogers.
UNK: Greg House : She's not my girlfriend, genius.
Bartender : She was hot, you seemed into her
Bartender : and she bought you drinks.
Bartender : Last night, she was your girlfriend.
UNK: Blood in her sputum. It could mean parasites. Any recent travel?
Bartender : You seemed into her?
UNK: Greg House : If he had a brain, he wouldn't be tending bar.
UNK: Greg House : Sneezing's a new symptom.
UNK: Greg House : Let's assume the runny nose means an infection.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : What did House have to say?
UNK: "thirteen" : He told me I was raised by wolves,
UNK: "thirteen" : and that's why I use the same hand for my fork and knife.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Not that one. The slurry tube.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I know this is different. But it's not.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Everyone dies.
UNK: "thirteen" : She's not dead.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : You're reacting this way because she might be soon.
UNK: "thirteen" : Yeah. I am. Why aren't you?
UNK: I'm an Indian guy named Kutner.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Ever wonder what happened to my parents?
UNK: "thirteen" : I'm sorry, I didn't... I was six years old.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I used to like helping out in my parent's store after school.
UNK: A guy walks in to rob the place,
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : ends up shooting them both.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Wasn't fair.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Took years, but I had to accept that's just the way it was.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : So, you gonna help me fill her lungs up, or not?
UNK: Tell me the liver biopsy showed infiltrates, minor inflammation.
UNK: Chris Taub : Yeah. How...
UNK: Greg House : Snot on a napkin.
UNK: Add the heart, the infiltrates...
UNK: Eric Foreman : Hep B.
UNK: Greg House : Start her on IV interferon. I'll go tell Wilson.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Good idea.
UNK: Eric Foreman : And I'll go nap, because I was concussed last night
UNK: Eric Foreman : and had a heart attack this morning.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I'll tell Wilson. You go sleep.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Hepatitis B is a lame diagnosis.
UNK: Greg House : Oh, God, I get less rest when I'm asleep.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I rise from the dead and that's reaction I get?
UNK: Greg House : I'm sorry. If I had known,
UNK: Greg House : I would have started a breakaway Jewish sect.
UNK: Greg House : Hep B fits.
UNK: Greg House : Why are you doing that?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Because Hep B doesn't fit.
UNK: Greg House : Turn her over.
UNK: We're about to start her second course of interferon.
UNK: Greg House : Which she might not need once you turn her over.
UNK: Eric Foreman : The small of her back.
UNK: Chris Taub : She's bruised. Why is that significant?
UNK: Greg House : Look closer.
UNK: Eric Foreman : A rash.
UNK: Eric Foreman : How'd you know what was on the small of her back?
UNK: Well, either I'm still asleep, or I'm starting to remember.