BECKETT : John Doe in a seedy motel with his fingerprints burned off.
Beckett : How did we get from there to here?
UNK: Whoa. Whoa. Easy, easy there.
UNK: I hate to state the obviou but we're kind of joined a the hip here.
Beckett : Okay, let's ju st get up. Come on.
Castle : Are you always like this in the morning?
UNK: BECKETT SIGHS
Castle : This is...
Castle : This is awkward. Yeah.
Castle : They couldn't just handcuff us Midnight Runstyle?
Beckett : Wait a minute, Ryan did run our guy through missing persons.
Beckett : And there wasn't a match. Then what?
UNK: Then Ryan asked me
Castle : if he spent Thanksgiving at his family's house,
Castle : did that mean he had to spend Christmas at Jenny's family's house.
Beckett : Castle, I'm talking about our case.
Castle : If you want me to reconstruct it, I'd have to do it in order.
Beckett : Okay, fine,
UNK: burned fingerprints, suffocated, needle marks...
Lanie : The morgue. We went to the morgue.
Lanie : I told you. It's none of your business.
Castle : Of course it's none of my business, that's why I want to know.
Castle : Know what?
CASTLE : What she and Esposito were fighting about.
Lanie : It's none of your business.
Castle : That's the point.
Beckett : Where are we?
Lanie : No ID yet, but his hands have calluses,
Lanie : so most likely he had a job that required physical labor.
Beckett : What about fingerprints?
UNK: Outer skin's too damaged.
Lanie : But I may be able to macerate the skin,
Lanie : pull some from the undersi of the epidural layer.
Castle : You can do that?
Lanie : Yes, in some cases, but it's gonna take a couple of days.
Beckett : In the meantime, I did find this.
Lanie : It was tucked in the fold of his pants pocket.
UNK: Would've been really easy for our killer to miss.
UNK: "147, West 97th Street. 4 : 00 p.m."
UNK: It's the address of the Cambury Cafe, half block off Broadway.
UNK: 4 : 00 p.m. He was meeting someone.
Castle : Or met someone.
Beckett : Okay, you and Esposito take this up there
Beckett : and see if anyone remembers seeing our victim.
Beckett : Maybe that'll help us ID him.
Ryan : On it.
Beckett : What was so special about our victim
Beckett : that our killer wanted to erase his identity?
Beckett : Don't say spy.
Beckett : Or mob hit.
Castle : Mob hit of a spy?
Beckett : Crazy theories aren't gonna help.
Beckett : Not until we figure out who this guy is.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: What?
Castle : This is a postal barcode.
UNK: Our victim wrote this note on the back of an envelope.
Castle : A postal barcode?
Castle : Yeah, those little hash marks you see
Castle : on mailing labels and envelopes?
Castle : It's a way of exactly identifying an address
UNK: but in a machine-readable way.
Castle : We get that decoded,
Castle : we'll be able to tell exactly where our victim was when he wrote that note.
UNK: Okay, then we call the post office and they give us the address.
UNK: The house in Queens! The house in Queens!
UNK: Hey, do you know what Lanie and Esposito were fighting about?
UNK: Everything.
Beckett : They both want to be together, but neither of them wants to admit to it.
UNK: Ugh! Why do people do that to themselves?
Beckett : Maybe they just don't see it.
Castle : How could they not? It's so obvious.
Castle : This is the place?
Beckett : Matches the address.
Castle : Doesn't look like anybody's home.
UNK: DOORBELL RINGS
UNK: KNOCKING
BECKETT : Hello? NYPD. Anybody here?
UNK: Hello?
Beckett : Anybody here?
Castle : Bill and Nor a Ranford.
Castle : Maybe Bill is our John Doe.
UNK: METAL RATTLES