Esposito : We gotta do something.
UNK: CLICKING
UNK: LOUD CLICK
UNK: RATTLING SIGHS
Castle : I did it. You did it!
UNK: LAUGHS
Beckett : How bad can it be? I mean, we've seen dead bodies before, right?
UNK: Right.
Castle : It's not a body.
Beckett : No. It's worse.
CASTLE : Manacles and bloody instruments of torture.
UNK: It looks like your crazed, sadistic psycho-killer theory
Beckett : might not be far off, Castle.
Castle : I don't know whether to be smug or horrified.
Beckett : I vote for motivated.
Castle : Right there with you. Let's get the hell out of here.
UNK: Javi.
UNK: What?
Lanie : I can feel your impatience all over my backside.
Lanie : And rushing me is never a good idea.
Esposito : You're talking about that print, right?
Lanie : Damn it! What?
UNK: It tore. I guess t he skin wasn't softened enough. It's ruined.
Ryan : Is any of it usable?
Lanie : I might be able to salvage some from the middle. Why?
Ryan : So what we did
UNK: was we were able to join the partials from that scrap of paper
Ryan : with the print pieces that Lanie recovered.
UNK: BEEPING
ESPOSITO : Our victim is Hank Spooner.
Esposito : An independent trucker out of San Antonio.
Esposito : Owns and operates his own rig.
Gates : What was he doing in New York?
UNK: Well, according to his folks he got a contract last week
Esposito : to pick up a load from Del Rio, Texas, and bring it to Queens.
Esposito : Last they heard from him was two days ago.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
GATES : What was the cargo?
UNK: All Spooner told them was he got a last minute call from a special client
Ryan : who was paying him big money.
Esposito : His folks also said it's unusual
Esposito : for him to be staying in a motel.
Ryan : Apparently Spooner never stayed in the city.
Ryan : He thought it was safer and cheaper to stay in his truck.
Gates : We need to find that vehicle.
Gates : Get an APB out to all the major truck stops.
Gates : If we're lucky, it may tell us why someone wanted Hank Spooner dead.
MAN : I think maybe I can help answer that.
Martinez : You looking for me?
Martinez : Chuck Martinez. DEA.
GATES : How did you know we were looking for you, Agent Martinez?
Martinez : We had Spooner 's files tagged.
Martinez : He's a person of interest, so I got notified when you ran his prints.
Esposito : Why did you meet with him yesterday?
Gates : Your man's dead, Agent Martinez,
Gates : and two of my folks are missing.
Gates : We don't have time for jurisdictional games.
Gates : So I'll ask you again. What's your interest in Spooner?
Beckett : All right.
UNK: A half a dozen times a year,
Martinez : Spooner takes a contra ct from Texas to New York.
Martinez : But he always makes a pick-up in Del Rio. It's a little border town.
Esposito : You think he's smuggling drugs from Mexico?
UNK: The cartels are really active in these towns and extremely brutal.
Ryan : And if you knew Spooner was involved, why didn't you arrest him?
Martinez : All the signs were there, okay?
Martinez : But all we had him on was suspicious activity.
Martinez : And we don't want the errand boy.
Martinez : We want the people he works for.
Gates : How'd you end up at that cafe?
UNK: We needed some leverage, so we set up a sting
UNK: posing as runners looking to hire him to move some product,
Martinez : only Spooner made my guy.
Martinez : Now instead of running, Spooner, he wanted to meet.
Martinez : And he was scared.
Martinez : He wanted out and he was afraid of what they would do to him
Martinez : if he walked away.
Martinez : So he agreed to tell us everything if I guaranteed him safety.
Martinez : And I took that to my bosses, they agreed.
Gates : But by then he was already dead.
UNK: Right.
GATES : Excuse me.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Martinez : So where were your colleagues when they went missing?