Beckett : Yeah, that's the last thing I remember.
Beckett : Me, too.
Castle : What the hell is going on?
Ryan : It's just I always spend Christmas with my family.
Esposito : Hey, well, you were the one who decided to get hitched, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, but I didn't think that meant
Ryan : driving down to Florida to spend the holidays with her grandmother.
UNK: Driving? You're not flying?
Ryan : During the holidays? You kidding me?
Ryan : Besides, Jenny thinks that a road trip
Ryan : will give us some quality time together.
Esposito : That is no road trip, brother.
Esposito : That is a relationship test.
Esposito : Relationship test?
Ryan : We're getting married in a month.
Esposito : Well, we'll see what happens after the test.
Esposito : It's the pre-wedding road trip test. Locked together for hours.
Esposito : That way she can confront you with any lingering doubts she may have
Esposito : about your future together.
Esposito : And you will have nowhere to hide.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Hey, have either of you seen Beckett?
Esposito : She's probably following up on a lead.
Gates : Don't think that I don't know that you guys cover for each other.
Esposito : What's that?
Gates : Any progress on our John Doe?
UNK: Yeah, turned out he did show up at the Cambury Cafe yesterday,
Esposito : and he wasn't alone.
RYAN : Waitress recognized him immediately.
Ryan : Said he sat in a corner booth, met with a guy, long hair, goatee.
UNK: Said our vic looked nervous.
Esposito : We have the waitress working with an artist,
Esposito : see if we can come up with a sketch
Esposito : of the goateed man to use on a canvass.
Beckett : All right, keep me apprised.
UNK: Come on. Jenny loves me. She wouldn't test me like that.
Esposito : Right. Just watch out if she wants to take you canoeing. Okay?
UNK: Canoeing? Canoeing is a test?
Esposito : It's all about power. Direction. Like a marriage.
Esposito : If the canoe goes straight it shows her that you can compromise,
Esposito : work together, find a rhythm, move forward in the same direction.
Esposito : But if it's going around in circles,
Esposito : so is your relationship.
Beckett : Castle, would you just work with me?
CASTLE : How about you work with me?
Castle : How come you always have to lead?
Castle : How come you always have to step on my toes?
Castle : Since when do...
Castle : Okay, you know what? Tell me this,
Castle : why do you always have to be first?
Castle : First out of the elevator, first through the door.
Beckett : I am a cop. I'm the one with a gun.
Beckett : Being first through the door is my job.
Castle : In the elevator?
UNK: Look, how about this?
Castle : Would it kill you to let someone open the door for you once in a while?
UNK: You do realize if somebody opens the door for me,
Beckett : then I will be going through it first anyway, right?
Castle : Oh, yeah, that's right. I forgot.
Castle : You have to be the smartest, too.
Castle : Everything's a competition with you.
Beckett : That is so not true. Are you always like this in the mornings?
Castle : You know, I'd argue with you, but then I'd have to let you win.
Beckett : Okay, fine, go ahead. You lead.
Castle : Thank you.
Castle : Where did you wanna go?
UNK: I think that there's a light switch over there.
Beckett : Or do you want to stay in the dark?
UNK: Hmm. I liked it better in the dark.
UNK: This door is steel. There's no way we're getting through here.
UNK: These walls are cinder block. Whoa.
Castle : What do you suppose is in that big freezer?
Castle : Do you think it's the old woman?
Castle : What if we're in some psycho's lair,
Castle : and we have to kill each other like in Saw.
Beckett : Castle, stop speculating. It's not helping.
UNK: Come on, an old lady in a cage?
Castle : Us cuffed together in this creepy room? What am I supposed to think?
UNK: You're supposed to think that we need to get the hell out of here
Beckett : before someone comes back.
Castle : How long do you think we were out?
Beckett : Couple of hours.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Beckett : 'Cause I'm hungry.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Got some beef jerky.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Hold my hand.
UNK: So the cuffs don't cut into us.
Castle : We could just try to get them off.
Castle : You got a bobby pin?
Beckett : What is this? The 1940s?
Beckett : These are my police cuffs.
Beckett : You're not gonna open them with a bobby pin.
Beckett : Face it, we're stuck.