UNK: Hmm. Don't get up yet. Stay in bed.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Kate. Hi.
UNK: Castle! What?
Beckett : Did you do this? What?
UNK: Stop saying "what" and wake up!
Castle : I don't...
Castle : We're handcuffed.
UNK: It's kinky.
Beckett : Castle, it's not funny.
UNK: I didn't say "funny," I said "kinky." And I didn't cuff us.
Beckett : You think I cuffed us?
Castle : Well, they look like police cuffs.
Beckett : Somebody else did this to us.
Beckett : Do you recognize this place?
UNK: No.
Castle : But if I were writing a book, this is where bad things would happen.
Beckett : My watch is missing.
Castle : Mine, too. And my wallet.
Beckett : So is my badge and my gun.
Castle : And my phone. I just renewed my contract.
Beckett : Would you stop joking?
Castle : Hey, do I begrudge you your coping mechanisms?
Beckett : What's the last thing that you remember?
UNK: I...
Castle : It's kind of a blur.
Beckett : Yeah. Me, too.
Beckett : I think we were drugged.
Castle : Yeah. I think so, too. And not the good kind.
Beckett : Okay. Lift my top.
UNK: I think you might still be under the influence, but okay.
Beckett : Castle, not like that. Just check my back. There's something that hurts.
Castle : There's a needle mark.
Beckett : We were drugged.
Castle : Looks like the work of a pygmy with a blowgun.
Beckett : Okay. You can put my shirt down.
Castle : Yeah, sorry. Thanks.
Beckett : All right, Castle, I want you to think very hard.
UNK: What's the last thing that you remember from this morning?
Castle : I was with you. We were someplace seedy.
Castle : A hotel that rents rooms by the hour.
Beckett : Would you just knock it off?
Castle : It's where we were. You called me and asked me to meet you there.
Beckett : Oh, I did. Yes.
Beckett : And then I took you up to the room,
Beckett : and then we...
Beckett : And then we?
Beckett : Dead body! We went to go and see a dead body.
Castle : Right. A dead body.
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Castle : You know what I love about working with you?
Castle : You always take me to the most charming places.
Beckett : Well, I'm a simple girl, Castle. I go where the bodies are.
UNK: Besides, for a mystery novelist,
Beckett : aren't seedy motels kind of a standard?
UNK: Yes, matter of fact, they're a veritable
Castle : advent calendar of salaciousness.
Castle : Behind every door, a delightful tale of desperation, depravity...
Beckett : Or death.
UNK: No, you need to stop being a control freak.
UNK: Javier Esposito : I'm not being a control freak!
Lanie : You are being a control freak!
ESPOSITO : I've never been a control freak.
UNK: KNOCKING Nobody's ever called me that. I'm...
UNK: Sorry. Are we interrupting?
UNK: No. Victim's a white male, late 30s.
Esposito : Housekeeping found him when they came to clean the room.
Beckett : Cause of death?
Lanie : Not entirely sure yet, but there are indications of asphyxia,
Lanie : with some cyanosis around the face.
BECKETT : So he was suffocated?
Lanie : Maybe. Then again, there's this.
BECKETT : Needle mark.
Castle : So he could have just OD'd.
Castle : Passed out face first and suffocated.
Esposito : No. It's definitely murder.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Lanie : Someone torched his fingers.
Lanie : Burned off his prints.
Beckett : They wanted to erase his identity.
ESPOSITO : And did a pretty good job, too.
Esposito : His wallet's missing and we've been through the room a couple of times.
Esposito : There's nothing here to tell us who this guy is.
Beckett : Did he pay for the room in cash?
Esposito : Yeah, and the clerk said that he registered as Jack Sparrow.
Castle : Well, there's a possibility that's his real name.
Esposito : Sure it is.
Esposito : We're running it just in case.
Esposito : The clerk also said he appeared nervous when he checked in.
Esposito : He kept looking behind him.
Beckett : Did he have any visitors? ESPOSITO : He couldn't say.
UNK: This isn't the most secure building.
Castle : I saw a camera in the lobby.
Esposito : It's a dummy. It's not the only one.
Esposito : It's used to scare away drug dealers.
Beckett : Okay, you don't go to the trouble
Beckett : of trying to erase someone's identity
Beckett : unless you have a very good reason to.
Beckett : Lanie, what are the chances of us recovering some of the prints?
Lanie : Depends on how bad the burns are.
Lanie : Let me get him back to the morgue.
Beckett : Okay, in the meantime,
Beckett : let's get Ryan to run his photos through missing persons
Beckett : and see if anything pops.
Esposito : You got it.