UNK: that he took delivery from Spooner a couple days ago.
Ryan : He said it was just a couple of coffee tables
Ryan : packed near the rear of the truck.
Gates : And you believed him?
Ryan : He's a family man, didn't have any priors.
Esposito : But he did say something happened during delivery. Something weird.
Esposito : As they were unloading the shipment,
Esposito : a box fell off a stack and hit him in the shoulder.
UNK: He said the box must've been empty because it bounced right off of him.
Ryan : He tried to joke with Spooner,
Ryan : asked him if he was shipping cotton candy or air,
UNK: Spooner kind of got squirrely, said it was just a couple of empties there
Ryan : packed there to fill some space.
UNK: The owner thought it wasn't a big deal,
Esposito : but then he heard something from behind the boxes.
Beckett : Something that sounded like breathing.
Gates : So Spooner takes a few small legitimate jobs
Gates : in order to justify his smuggling trips
Gates : and places a wall of empties in front of whatever his real cargo is.
Gates : Did the owner have any idea where Spooner was headed?
UNK: None.
Esposito : Beckett and Castle were on to something.
Gates : Where in the hell did they go?
Esposito : Well, the only thing we had at the time
Esposito : was this address.
Castle : And we were already covering it.
UNK: Or they must've seen or heard something that you didn't.
Gates : Okay, I want you guys to...
UNK: Go, go, go!
UNK: NYPD! NYPD!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: MAN 1 : Hold position!
UNK: MAN 2 : Show yourself!
UNK: Clear.
Esposito : Room clear!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: Clear!
Esposito : This place is empty. You really think this is where they went?
Ryan : If they were here, they're not here now.
MAN : Hey, Detective, look in here. There's some kind of hatch.
Beckett : All right, let's seal it off for processing.
Lanie : Damn it.
UNK: It's hard-cased steel, Castle.
Beckett : We're not getting out of these without keys.
Castle : You know, there is another way.
Castle : We don't go through the cuffs.
Beckett : You mean...
Castle : Mad Max. 127 Hours.
Beckett : Are you offering to cut off your own hand?
Castle : Whoa. Mine? No, I was thinking about yours.
Beckett : My hand? Why my hand?
Castle : It's smaller.
UNK: FOOTSTEPS
UNK: WHISPERS They're coming.
UNK: MAN 1 : Tell him it's a good price.
UNK: And if he likes her, I got two more that fell into my lap
UNK: Man 1 : that I can sell you at a discount.
UNK: Man 1 : I just need to move them now.
UNK: MAN 2 SPEAKING ARABIC
Beckett : That sounds like Arabic.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : They're going to the other room.
UNK: INDISTINCT VOICES
Beckett : Castle, someone else is in there.
UNK: MAN 2 : She is very beautiful.
UNK: MAN 1 : Just like you asked.
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Beckett : They're holding someone else. The old woman?
UNK: No, it's more like a girl. Like...
Castle : Like they're trying to sell her.
Castle : It's human trafficking.
Castle : That's what this is. They're abducting and selling people.
Castle : That's why we're still alive.
Castle : They're not going to kill us. They're gonna sell us.
Castle : What? I'm a best-selling author.
Castle : I wonder what I'd be worth.
Beckett : Let's not find out, okay?
Castle : Yeah, still.
UNK: MAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO
UNK: Anything?
UNK: From the cut marks, looks like this hatch was just installed.
Ryan : Any idea why?
UNK: No. CSU is gonna sweep for prints and trace.
UNK: What'd the neighbors say?
Ryan : That the bank foreclosed on the previous owners,
Castle : Bill and Nora Ranford, six months ago.
UNK: But a couple of weeks ago, new neighbors moved in.
Gates : Get an ID?
UNK: They kind of kept a low profile,
UNK: but neighbors think that there were two of them, brothers.
Ryan : They got an ID on their ride. Black F-150.
Esposito : A black F-150?
Esposito : That means Beckett and Castle were here.
Ryan : Not only that, but a couple of nights ago, the guy from across the street
Ryan : says he hears some noises in the middle of the night.
Ryan : So he goes to the window and sees a semi pulling up.
Esposito : Spooner was here, too?
UNK: Yeah. Whatever was going on, this was the place.
Esposito : Why don't you wake up the Registrar? See who bought this property.
Castle : I want to know who these guys are.
UNK: KNOCKING
UNK: Hello! Can you hear us?
Beckett : Castle, I can hear somebody breathing.
Castle : Maybe she's sedated.
UNK: Hello! Can you hear us?
UNK: POUNDING
UNK: SHATTERS
Beckett : This wall is stucco and tile.