Castle : You think anyone knows we're missing?
Beckett : Martha and Alexis will notice if you don't go home, right?
UNK: Actually, my mother's taki Alexis on a tour of colleges this weekend.
Castle : Esposito and Ryan?
Beckett : Yeah, they'll probably notice. But it doesn't mean they'll find us here.
Beckett : What is that?
Castle : It's a hatch.
UNK: If we can get up there, we might be able to get out.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's too high.
Beckett : Not if we climb on top of that.
UNK: BEEPS ESPOSITO : That was Lanie.
Esposito : Preliminary autopsy report shows that our victim was, in fact, smothered.
UNK: A guy his size. You'd think he'd put up more of a struggle.
Esposito : He couldn't. Tox reports show that
Esposito : his system was flooded with so much sedative
UNK: that it could put down an elephant Hmm..
Beckett : Where are we with that sketch?
UNK: Well, I got unis looking through mug books,
Ryan : and I sent a team uptown to canvass.
Ryan : Still not back, huh?
Esposito : No. It's been hours.
Esposito : Every time I call, it goes straight to voice mail.
Ryan : You think they're really running down a lead?
Esposito : What lead? There was nothing new on the board when we came back.
UNK: SIGHS
Esposito : You think you can hit up dispatch?
Esposito : See if they'll run a trace on the transponder in Beckett's unit.
Castle : I want to know where they are.
UNK: BOTH GRUNTING
Beckett : I can't get a good angle on it.
UNK: Yeah. Try this. PANTING
UNK: Ready?
Beckett : You better not be enjoying this, Castle.
Castle : I'll let you know in a minute. Okay.
Castle : One, two, three.
UNK: Push!
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: Okay. PANTING
UNK: Whatever's in here is a hell of a lot heavier than a little old lady.
Beckett : It's like it's filled with rocks.
Castle : What if we emptied it?
Beckett : That's a great idea, Castle,
Beckett : except it's locked and I'm fresh out of bolt cutters.
Castle : Yeah, but it's a combo lock.
UNK: So?
Castle : So, when I was writing Storm Rising,
Castle : I studied with one of the best safecrackers in the biz.
Castle : I can open this.
Castle : I just don't know if we want to.
UNK: Let's get cracking, Castle Before our captors get back.
UNK: CLICKING
RYAN : Transponder says her unit's right over here.
Ryan : That's definitely Beckett's car.
Castle : Looks like it's been dumped.
Esposito : Yeah, call it in.
ESPOSITO : Timestamp puts this at five hours ago.
RYAN : So that's Beckett's car.
Ryan : But that's not Castle or Beckett.
ESPOSITO : And he's not alone. Someone picked him up.
GATES : Do we know who they are?
Esposito : No clue.
Gates : Can we get a plate number?
Ryan : Too far away.
Esposito : We also ran Beckett and Castle's cells. They're both off grid.
Gates : What the hell did Castle get her into?
Gates : I want CSU on that car with a fine-tooth comb
Gates : for any possible trace evidence.
Gates : They were working the John Doe with you. Where could they have gone?
Ryan : Been over it a dozen times. We still don't know.
UNK: Still no hits on our long-haired man from the cafe.
Gates : Do whatever it takes to get an ID on that victim.
Gates : And find out what in the hell he was into.
Gates : If Beckett and Castle are still out there,
Gates : then they're running out of time.
UNK: CLICKING
Beckett : For God's sake, Castle. How much longer are you gonna keep doing this?
Castle : I almost had it.
Beckett : Yeah, like you had it the last 100 times.
UNK: O ye of little faith.
UNK: You know, you would make a terrible conjoined twin.
Beckett : Can I have my hand back?
Beckett : So you got a story to explain all of this?
UNK: The old woman in the cage? John Doe with his identity removed?
Beckett : Us handcuffed, but still alive?
Castle : Yeah, I don't think that's a story you want to hear.
Beckett : Why not?
Castle : With those elements? I can't think of a version that ends well.
Castle : Not even a Disney version.
Beckett : Yeah, I was afraid of that.
Castle : The good news is
Castle : we've been gone long enough. They've started to look for us by now.
UNK: Hundred and first time's a charm?
UNK: Come on, Lanie, there's got to be something else about this guy
Esposito : from his autopsy.
Lanie : He was in the beginning stages of heart disease.
Lanie : He had a degenerative hip condition and mild scoliosis,