House : You're wearing a ring from Brigham Young.
House : Or did your folks just do the lawns?
UNK: 18 : The Church has a very progressive attitude towards racial equality.
House : Don't care. Actually, I'm thanking God.
UNK: You're the only non-drinker we got.
House : We need a control group
House : to establish whether the liver's deterioration is within normal range.
UNK: Got a big drinker, a medium drinker, now I got a no-drinker.
UNK: 18 : Just do an MRI.
House : You really think the guy who created heaven and earth
House : cares what you put in your digestive tract?
UNK: 18 : Her dream shouldn't outrank my religious belief.
House : Why not? Her dream might come true.
House : All life is sacred, right?
UNK: 18 : We're not saving her life. We're doing a diagnostic test.
UNK: 18 : Not even a real diagnostic test.
House : Well, that fake test might really save her life.
House : Would you pull an ass out of a pit on the Sabbath?
House : Would you or would you not pull an ass out of a pit on the Sabbath?
UNK: 18 : Fine. I'll do it.
UNK: Good.
Greta : Why'd you have to pick tequila?
Greta : I assume a single malt would've worked just as well.
UNK: 13 : Wasn't our choice.
UNK: Okay, two minutes, then round number five.
House : So, tell me about the magic underwear.
UNK: 18 : Is that why you're here?
House : I'm the big drinker, doing my part for science.
House : The interesting question is why your religious beliefs
House : are suddenly less important than her dreams.
UNK: 18 : You're reversing your argument?
House : I know what I believe.
House : I'm just not quite sure what you believe.
UNK: 18 : Well, LDS doesn't try to dictate every detail of our lives.
UNK: 18 : When a situation isn't clear, we're encouraged to make our own decisions.
House : But your judgment was to say no.
House : You used my judgment.
UNK: 18 : You made a good argument.
House : Rational arguments don't usually work on religious people.
House : Otherwise, there would be no religious people.
UNK: 18 : You're an atheist.
House : Only on Christmas and Easter.
House : Rest of the time, it doesn't really matter.
UNK: 18 : Where's the fun in that?
UNK: 18 : A finite un-mysterious universe?
House : It's not about fun. It's about the truth.
UNK: 18 : The truth is we're having this debate because you wanna figure something out about me.
UNK: What have you got so far?
UNK: 13 : Greta! Greta!
UNK: 18 : She can't breathe. We need to intubate.
UNK: No!
UNK: 18 : At least oxygen.
UNK: Greta [breathless] : NASA will need to know why!
Cuddy : I checked the tests you ordered.
House : Did you just see Foreman?
Cuddy : You measured the density of her teeth.
UNK: It's a shortcut test for hypocalcaemia.
House : You had to have just passed him.
UNK: So, you suspected hypocalcaemia
Cuddy : from her complete lack of broken bones?
Cuddy : Is that why you also ran three tox screens?
UNK: Patient might have been sneaking uppers.
House : He was in a white coat. Did you hire him back?
Cuddy : Foreman is running the diagnostic department at New York Mercy.
Cuddy : Have you been drinking?
UNK: 18 : She was having trouble breathing.
UNK: 18 : Refused oxygen and intubation.
House : So you put her on a treadmill?
UNK: 13 : Records will show that we gave her oxygen as a part of a routine cardio stress test.
UNK: 13 : She gets to breathe, your boss gets her paperwork.
House : Whose idea was that?
UNK: 13 : It was a joint decision.
House : It never is.
House : So, how old were you when your brother left home?
UNK: 13 : Why do you think that I... Why aren't you answering?
House : Did your mother initiate the divorce?