House : high RBC, tachyarrhythmia and panic attacks?
UNK: 37 : Slight glucose elevation. That says thyroid.
UNK: Baseline thyrotropin's 1.1. 1.3.
UNK: 39 : Whatever. Her thyroid's working.
UNK: 24 : What about her liver?
UNK: 24 : Original ALT levels weren't abnormal, but were near the edge.
UNK: 6 : She has patient data on her PDA. I do not.
UNK: 6 : I saw the lab values. You said we couldn't write anything down.
House : I also said I wanted answers.
UNK: 24 : Liver cancer's the most likely. Paraneoplastic syndrome.
UNK: 24 : We need to do an MRI.
House : Which brings us to issue three.
UNK: 6 : You're saying we can write stuff down?
House : To you, I'm saying, you're fired.
UNK: To everyone else... But you said specifically...
UNK: I hate tattletales.
UNK: She tattled on 10. Now, you've tattled twice.
House : Issue three...
UNK: Come on, let's go.
House : Issue three, how do we do tests when we can't do tests?
UNK: 2 : Dr. Cuddy didn't say we can't do tests, she said we have to chart.
UNK: If we chart, we won't get consent, so we can't.
UNK: 2 : The patient's life may depend on her consenting.
House : Her dreams depend on her not consenting.
House : So, how do we do tests when we can't do tests?
House : You've got an hour.
House : How do you scan a liver without scanning a liver?
House : And what's Cameron doing here?
Wilson : Interesting, so you're seeing Cameron now.
House : No, not interesting, because not seeing. Saw.
House : My patient won't consent to MRIs or ultrasounds.
House : You've dealt with more liver cancer than anyone else here.
Wilson : So, you want me to share the secret scanning techniques I learnt in Nepal?
Wilson : Unfortunately, the monks made me swear a blood oath.
Wilson : Where was she?
House : In the lobby.
House : I guess, we could palpate the area around the liver.
Wilson : Which won't work unless the tumor's enormous, which you know,
Wilson : which means you're here because these visions are freaking you out.
UNK: Did...
UNK: She had blond hair. Why would I hallucinate that?
UNK: 19 : Yes, yes!
Wilson : Why are you merging Cameron and Chase?
Wilson : We should find out before the next time you see her, when she'll be black.
House : Because, of course, it's scientifically impossible for a person
House : to go back and visit somewhere they worked.
Wilson : No. But since she's not a dead cat,
Wilson : it is scientifically impossible for her to be in two places at once.
House : Physics joke. Don't hear enough of those.
Wilson : She just called me from Arizona.
UNK: Notice the area code, 480.
Wilson : They put an offer on a place in Scottsdale.
Wilson : Do you want to talk or should I? I guess we could both talk.
Wilson : Although, they're engaged, and if you're staying in touch,
UNK: you might wanna buy them...
Wilson : Maybe it's not repressed guilt, maybe it's just panic.
Wilson : Right now, you've got enough fellows to build a railroad,
UNK: but you're gonna have to narrow that room full of numbers down to three people.
House : Any chance you could turn this creative brilliance towards my patient's liver?
UNK: I think you're gonna choose people
Wilson : for reasons that have nothing to do with their skills.
UNK: I think you're gonna choose people just because you can't stand them.
Wilson : Because if you like them, well, that's just
UNK: stressful.
UNK: Stress.
House : I like it.
House : We need to stress the patient's liver.
UNK: 15b : You mean make her sick?
House : I mean, make her sick in a specific way.
House : If her liver's given to malfunctioning, we make it malfunction.
UNK: 15b : Are we on the other side of wrong here?
UNK: 15b : Don't we have an ethics board that we should consult, or...
House : I fired you.
UNK: 6/9 : No, you didn't.
UNK: 24 : He fired you, you're number 6.
UNK: 6/9 : No, I'm not. I'm number 9.
House : I approve of your shamelessness.
House : You're still fired.
House : So, how do we stress her liver?
UNK: 15b : Lying and paperwork, I get. Shutting down organs, I think...
UNK: 13 : We could give her intravenous vitamin D and stick her in a tanning booth.
UNK: 13 : If she goes into a coma, we know it's a metabolic problem.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: But vitamin D's metabolized by the liver and kidneys.
House : It wouldn't tell us which one's screwed up.
UNK: We could get her wasted.
UNK: Give her shots of tequila and measure how long it takes for her to pass out.
UNK: If it's too fast, then we know her liver is not processing alcohol.
UNK: Means it's shot.
House : I like you, number 9.
UNK: 18 : You wanted to see me?
House : You a Mormon?