UNK: 2 : She'll sue.
UNK: 24 : For what?
UNK: 24 : Making it harder for her to lie to the government?
UNK: 39 : We don't need to hide them.
UNK: 39 : We give her elective cosmetic surgery.
UNK: 39 : The incisions will give us access to her lungs.
UNK: 39 : And she's got an innocent explanation for the scars.
UNK: 2 : You mean, like, liposuction.
UNK: 39 : No, no. Those incisions are too far from the lungs.
UNK: 39 : We don't subtract. We add.
UNK: 39 : Turn her Bs into Cs.
UNK: It's myth that fake hooters blow up at high altitude. She'll be fine.
House : Just think of it as one giant rack for mankind.
Greta : I fought for years to be taken seriously.
UNK: 39 : Trust me, you'll be taken more seriously. Just sign the form.
Greta : This'll make me a joke.
UNK: There's gotta be another way.
UNK: 39 : I've known a few people who had dreams.
UNK: 39 : One thing they all had in common was they got laughed at
UNK: 39 : and they didn't care.
Cuddy : You bumped a splenectomy for a boob job?
House : Would you condemn this woman to a life
House : where people look at her face when they talk to her?
UNK: If you don't explain this, I'll cancel the surgery.
House : Can I explain why you're here?
Cuddy : I think I just told you why I...
House : I scheduled a diagnostic patient for a boob job. Which is ridiculous.
House : So, obviously you had to confront me.
Cuddy : With you so far.
UNK: But I'm gonna give you a reason.
Cuddy : Not a good one.
House : No. Not even close to a good one.
House : But here's the drag from your point of view.
House : My explanation will make sense.
House : Not to the board, not to a judge, but to you.
House : So you'll let me do it.
UNK: Then, you're gonna have to sit next to me at the administrative hearing.
House : Don't you have better things to do?
House : It's in the best interests of the patient.
UNK: Trocar's in, you're good to go.
House : Deflate the lung.
UNK: 2 : There, a cyst.
UNK: 39 : Cysts, I count three of them.
House : Probably the same, if not more, on the left lung.
House : Okay, so what's been working overtime to kill Miss Bin Laden?
UNK: 2 : We know her name now.
House : Yeah, but I forgot it.
House : Say the magic word and get immunity from the next challenge.
UNK: 13 : Alveolar hydatid disease. Hits all the organs.
UNK: She'd have had multiple seizures by now.
UNK: 39 : Pulmonary Langerhans'.
UNK: Doesn't explain the red blood cells.
UNK: Come on!
UNK: Cysts, synesthesia, heart attack. You guys have gotta...
Chase : Von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.
Chase : Raises red blood cell count, causes masses on the organs.
UNK: If one of the masses is a pheochromocytoma,
UNK: it could cause neurologic episodes and a heart attack.
UNK: Do you see a blonde guy who still has peach fuzz standing up there?
UNK: Yeah.
House : This is a closed procedure. Gallery's off limits.
Chase : Not to the surgical staff.
UNK: Are you gonna hire that guy instead of us?
House : Not a chance. I love you guys.
UNK: Please dig out the cysts, histology to confirm Von Hippel-Lindau.
House : Don't forget her chesticles.
UNK: Calling Arizona was a very nice touch.