House : Who is this man?
UNK: Come on, take a shot.
UNK: I'm not gonna fire you every time you get a wrong answer.
UNK: 23 : Neville Chamberlain.
House : You're fired.
House : Does this man look like he's ceding Czechoslovakia to a fascist dictatorship?
UNK: 26 [old Guy.] : It's Buddy Ebsen, the actor. He's dead. Why are we...
UNK: House [interrupting.] : Buddy Ebsen was the original tin man in the Wizard of Oz, for a day.
UNK: House [interrupting.] : He was diagnosed allergic to the aluminum dust in the makeup.
UNK: House [interrupting.] : His lungs failed. He nearly died. Question is, why?
UNK: 11 [guy In A Wheelchair.] : Didn't you just say he was allergic?
UNK: House [to 11] : You may not have legs, but you got ears. I suggest you use them.
UNK: House [to 11] : I said he was diagnosed allergic.
UNK: House [to 11] : Since we are currently short exactly one interesting patient,
UNK: we are gonna figure out what really happened to Buddy Ebsen in 1938.
UNK: House [to 11] : Now, on one hand, he's not getting deader.
UNK: House [to 11] : On the other hand, your jobs hang in the balance. So...
UNK: House?
House : I want seven alternate diagnoses when I get back.
Cuddy : Did you forget how to count to three?
UNK: I get a budget for three.
House : Doesn't mean I can only hire three.
Cuddy : Actually, that's exactly what it means.
UNK: I cut the permanent salaries by 10%.
UNK: Over three years, that'll more than make up for the breakage on the 27
UNK: that I'm gonna weed out over the next few weeks.
UNK: There's 40 people in there.
House : Row D, you're fired.
House : I didn't actually count all the resumes.
Cuddy : This is stupid. You can't manage that many people.
UNK: You're just gonna keep weeding them out arbitrarily?
UNK: Sure, and having them sitting in my office
House : schmoozing about their favorite Algerian surfing movies
UNK: is a much better system.
UNK: Wait a second. Were you in Row D? Yes.
House : My apologies. My boss says I'm being arbitrary and stupid.
House : Row D is not fired. Row C is fired!
UNK: What? Great. Thank you.
House : See, that was not arbitrary.
House : Well, I'd love to chat, but I've been paged.
House : That's interesting.
UNK: Apparently, I paged myself.
UNK: If you have a resume there, I'm not interested.
House : But I wouldn't mind hearing how you got my pager number.
UNK: It's not a resume.
UNK: $50,000.
House : Does One-Eyed Nicky want me to run that to Jimmy the Nose?
Greta : It's for my medical bills.
Greta : I need you to find out what's wrong with me.
House : Insurance is usually cheaper than that.
House : Cash means there's something to hide.
Greta : I'm a captain in the Air Force,
Greta : about to start a new assignment.
Greta : NASA's astronaut training program.
House : I discovered salt and created FM radio.
Greta : Something is wrong with my eyes, my ears...
House : Well, if it's fixable, the Air Force will do it for free.
UNK: If not, it doesn't matter.
UNK: There are a hundred applicants ready to take my place
Greta : who don't need to be fixed.
Greta : I need to do this off the books.
Greta : I did the research. You're the best, you break rules,
Greta : and you don't care about anyone except yourself.
House : Well, let's say that's true.
House : You get a new job.
House : Hospital gets a nice wad of cash.
House : What do I get?
Greta : I crashed a flight simulator
Greta : because I started to hear with my eyes.
UNK: The aluminum could have been tainted...
UNK: Don't care. New patient!
UNK: 30-year-old female with synesthesia.
UNK: New rules.
UNK: You generate a lab report, you shred it.
UNK: X - ray, you melt it.
UNK: No notes, no records, nothing.
UNK: As far as you're concerned, the patient is Osama Bin Laden
UNK: and everyone not in this room is Delta Force. Any questions?
UNK: 11 : We're protecting Osama Bin Laden?
House : It's a metaphor.
House : Get used to it. Any more questions?
UNK: 11 : And you're not even gonna tell us her name?