Taub : Actually, there is. He's got sketches of atomic structure.
UNK: This one is full of math proofs.
Chase : They're all old. Nothing since '96.
Taub : This isn't some homework assignment
Taub : his parents forced on him,
Taub : this is passion. Why would he want to stop doing this?
Chase : Marriage destroyed his soul?
UNK: Ooh.
Chase : Or maybe it was just the booze.
Diana : Thank you, Doctor. You've been wonderful.
House : As have you, Diana. Be well.
Diana : Thank you.
Cuddy : You're helping. Voluntarily.
Jeffrey : He's done six already.
UNK: I figured you might be getting backed up
UNK: with the holiday season and all.
Cuddy : So which one of us slipped through the wormhole into an alternate dimension?
House : I have always loved to travel. And paint.
House : Lucky number seven.
Cuddy : House, I know you're trying to be nice.
Cuddy : But I also know you're doing it because you have an agenda.
House : Wow. Sexy and smart.
House : Lucas is a lucky guy.
Cuddy : The question is, is this a bad agenda or a good one?
Cuddy : Either you're trying to screw with me,
Cuddy : or you're trying to show me that you've really changed.
House : So which is it? I'm dying to know.
Cuddy : What are you doing for Thanksgiving dinner?
House : Peace in our time!
UNK: Only cost me 45 minutes of clinic duty.
Wilson : This is a three-hour drive.
Wilson : Have you considered the possibility that this is a fake address?
House : You think she'd send me to a vacant lot for Thanksgiving dinner?
Wilson : If she's smart. She is.
House : That's why I ran it through Motor Vehicles. Good as gold.
Wilson : This cannot end well.
House : Don't want it to end well. You should come as my date.
House : You're not gonna want to miss this.
Foreman : The unstandard tox screen
Foreman : was as clean as the standard one.
Taub : But we found vodka stashed away in his place.
Thirteen : What's with the ties?
House : Makes me look adorably non-threatening. Party or party-hearty?
Chase : Liver failure would explain all the symptoms.
UNK: Party.
UNK: So, the guy's a brainiac and his secret drug of choice is booze?
UNK: It's kind of pedestrian, don't you think?
Taub : Talk to him, he's a pedestrian guy.
Foreman : With pedestrian alcoholism. Liver biopsy can wait until after Thanksgiving.