UNK: You're going to be pressing charges?
House : Against the ottoman I tripped over?
Cuddy : Against Chase.
House : I'm pretty sure the ottoman was acting alone.
House : You free for dinner this weekend?
Cuddy : At least three other people saw him do it.
House : Mass hysteria. Either night?
Cuddy : I can't have doctors punching each other out.
Dara : Oh, my God, who got punched?
Cuddy : And more importantly, for Chase's sake,
Cuddy : I need to know if he's able to handle himself
Cuddy : or if I should be getting him some help.
House : Chase couldn't have punched anyone.
House : He was with me when I tripped over the ottoman.
House : If you're not planning on eating this weekend, maybe a movie?
Cuddy : I'm not doing this, House.
UNK: It's not fun any more.
Cuddy : Just do your job.
House : I need your help.
Sidas : What happened to your face?
House : I was mowing the lawn when the phone rang.
House : You're a computer. I'm gonna feed you data, and you analyze it.
Chase : What are you gonna feed me,
Sidas : 20 years of medical knowledge, too?
Sidas : It's not gonna work.
House : I know. But I don't have anyone else to ask.
UNK: It's Ionely, isn't it?
House : It's not that bad.
Sidas : Then you're not that smart.
UNK: You ever try to kill yourself?
House : Not quickly.
Sidas : I did.
UNK: Twelve years ago, I jumped off the top of my eight-story building
Sidas : into a dumpster bin the day before pick-up.
UNK: I broke my collar bone, my leg and three ribs.
Sidas : When I was in the hospital, they put me on narcotics
Sidas : and suddenly everything was just better.
Sidas : I didn't feel isolated or Ionely.
Sidas : That's where I met my wife.
Sidas : She was so happy and dumb.
Sidas : And I was
Sidas : smart and miserable.
Sidas : You tell me who the genius is.
Sidas : I fell in love with her buzzed out of my head
Sidas : and I knew I wanted to stay that way forever.
UNK: Enjoy.
Sidas : Easier on your conscience if I die an idiot?
House : What's a conscience?
House : Which ribs did you break in the fall? Down the left side?
Sidas : Yeah, bottom three. But that was 12 years ago.
Taub : This probably cost me my marriage, so it better be awesome.
Foreman : Ferrous oxide contrast?
UNK: It gets absorbed by the spleen,
House : unless he doesn't have one,
House : in which case it's absorbed by the liver and fries that.
Taub : You're killing him?
Chase : You think I opened him up and didn't take out his spleen?
House : All organs do look kind of the same, red and squishy.
Dara : Oh, my God.
Foreman : Accessory spleens.
Taub : Okay, that is amazing.
UNK: Twelve years, eight stories and a dumpster ago,
House : he broke three ribs, damaged his spleen.
House : Bits of it split off, circulated through his blood stream
House : until they landed and attached somewhere else.
Chase : So, it is TTP.
Chase : I just didn't remove all of his spleens.
UNK: Sixteen splenectomies,
House : pretty sure he gets a set of steak knives with that.
Chase : I can outrun you.
Chase : Sorry about the nose. And the eye. And the eyebrow.
House : Guess I deserved it.
Chase : Well, if I thought that, I wouldn't be apologizing.
House : Your fist slipped?
Chase : Everybody kept bugging me, asking if I was okay.
UNK: So you bust my nose to keep people off your back?
Thirteen : Pretty much.
House : Making people even more worried about you.
Chase : Maybe. But at least they're not talking to me about it.
House : Fair enough.
UNK: Cheers.
Diana : Thank you.
House : Don't be so grateful.
House : You'll be delivering packages for 70 years to pay for it.
Sidas : Well, thanks for our talk.