Chase : Probably be on some long-term meds,
Chase : and he's about 10 ounces lighter,
UNK: other than that, he won't even know it's gone.
Dara : Did you hear that, honey? You're gonna be just fine.
Sidas : When can I get out of here?
UNK: If everything checks out, less than a week.
Sidas : Good. 'Cause those boxes aren't gonna deliver colors.
UNK: Colors?
Sidas : Green and orange
Sidas : and ceiling.
Chase : Mr. Sidas, do you know where you are? Chewing.
UNK: Jimmy?
UNK: Shirt.
Chase : He's stroking. Call the cath lab, now!
Dara : Oh, my God.
UNK: Blood flow's restored, appears to be no permanent damage.
House : Good news is it turns out to be an exciting,
House : action-packed thrill ride of a case after all.
Chase : Bad news is we took out his spleen for nothing.
House : Thank God he's still got his appendix and tonsils.
House : So what looks like TTP, acts like TTP,
House : Tests like TTP, but isn't TTP?
Taub : CNS Vasculitis, explains the ataxia
Thirteen : and anemia, maybe the stroke.
UNK: CT would have picked up something.
House : Hi, I'm Greg House. I'm a friend of your sister, Lisa.
Thirteen : Could be DIC.
House : Lisa Cuddy.
House : Sorry, wrong number. You gonna ask?
Taub : I'm sure he's got a perfectly logical explanation.
House : Can't be DIC, no hemorrhaging.
House : And I'm calling all 12 Julia Cuddys within 100-mile radius.
Taub : See? Completely reasonable. Acquired pancytopenia?
Chase : WBC's normal.
House : Hey, Julia. You're Lisa's sister, right?
UNK: Are you sure? You are number 12.
Thirteen : Maybe she got married and changed her name.
Foreman : Otis Campbell.
House : Probably kept her first name.
Foreman : The mnemonic for toxins.
UNK: "O" for organophosphates, "T" for tricyclics, "l" for insulin...
UNK: Or as I remember it, "Moist Place."
UNK: That's "Place" spelled with two "L"s and a silent "B."
Thirteen : Except the tox screen was negative.
Chase : Standard tox screen. Unstandard toxins don't show up on it.
House : Well, you two do an unstandard tox screen. You two search his home.
UNK: Otis Campbell's gotta be hiding somewhere.
Taub : Smartest guy in the world
Taub : and this is the best he can do?
Chase : Maybe he's doing what he loves.
Chase : Delivering boxes was a childhood dream.
Taub : Soda, processed cheese, marshmallow spread.
Taub : Nothing in here is capable of going bad.
Chase : Ibuprofen, eye drops, cough syrup.
Taub : You want to come over for Thanksgiving dinner?
Chase : You never asked me over before, why now?
Taub : Just never thought of it. But now that we're both on the team...
Chase : And my wife left me?
Taub : Is that a bad reason?
Chase : No, but I'm okay.
Chase : On both the food and friends.
UNK: Mice.
Taub : Leptospirosis could explain the ataxia and the anemia.
Chase : But not without a fever.
Taub : You have someone to talk to?
UNK: Yeah. Who?
Chase : What, you want names?
Chase : Look, you lost a friend, I get it.
Chase : But I'm not Kutner.
Taub : Good. 'Cause Kutner never used to come over for dinner.
UNK: I'm going to pretend there's something interesting over here,
Chase : so you'll shut up.