Barney : Hi, I'm barney.
Marshall : Oh, no.
Barney : Do you...
Barney : Mind giving my friend your phone number?
Girl : Sure.
Marshall : Whoo!
Marshall : I did it! I got a girl's phone number.
Marshall : Oh, and her handwriting is so cute. Look.
UNK: Oh, I'm gonna take her out for chinese food
UNK: And then maybe we'll walk through the park.
Marshall : It'll be so... What?
Barney : Sorry, buddy, I'm taking this one, too.
UNK: Marshall choking Barney : I'll kill you!
Lily : And then, I discovered this area, north beach.
Lily : Best beach ever!
Lily : Oh, I've been
Lily : Blabbering on about my summer.
Lily : How are you guys doing?
UNK: And hey, how's marshall?
UNK: Give me the card! I'm not giving you any card.
UNK: I swear...! You are not getting...!
Ted : Terrific.
Lily : That is so good to hear.
Lily : Oh, hold on.
Lily : This could be about the apartment.
UNK: Okay, we're way past truth-telling-lilly
Ted : And about to hit cinco-de-mayo-1998-lilly
Ted : And I'm not cleaning that up again.
Ted : So, congratulations, you win.
Ted : She's happy.
Lily : I didn't get it.
Lily : That first apartment, I...
Lily : I waited too long and...
Lily : Somebody else got it.
Robin : Interesting.
Ted : Wow, lily, you, uh...
Ted : Seem to be having a pretty strong reaction
UNK: On losing an apartment.
UNK: I wonder if it's because it reminds you
UNK: Of something else you lost because you couldn't commit.
Robin : No, lily,
Robin : You're crying over the crown molding
UNK: And the real hardwood floors.
Robin : There's no deeper meaning.
Robin : Right, lily? Just quit crying and tell him.
Lily : The apartment is a metaphor for marshall.
UNK: Stop it. You don't want to see
UNK: What I'm like when I'm angry.
UNK: Stop! Hold on!
Barney : If we can't settle this like gentlemen,
Barney : Then no one gets the number.
UNK: Stop the cab. Wha...?
Barney : No, wait. Come on.
Lily : Marshall!
UNK: 81st and first, please.
UNK: Ah, she does have cute handwriting.
Ted : The thing about a hangover
UNK: Is that everyone has their own special remedy.
Waiter : Morning, guys.
UNK: What can I get you? Shh!
Lily : Bring me the dirtiest, greasiest tuna melt you got.
Lily : And a milkshake.
Waiter : For you, sir?
Ted : Gravy.
Waiter : You want that gravy on something?
Ted : Surprise me.
Robin : I'd take you with gravy
Robin : If my boyfriend wasn't sitting right here.
Robin : Just kidding. I'm good.
UNK: What are you so chirpy about?
Ted : She's still drunk from last night.
Robin : I don't think so.
Marshall : Whoo!
Ted : Look, if you want marshall back so bad,
Ted : How come it took you two days to even ask about him?
Lily : I was dying to ask.
Lily : I was just trying to play it cool.
Lily : But really...
Robin : But it's good, I mean, work is great...
Lily : Come on, say something about marshall.
Lily : What's marshall doing right now?
Lily : Shut up and talk about marshall.
Lily : Shut up and talk about marshall.
UNK: Marshall, marshall, marshall, marshall...
UNK: I've got to ask!
UNK: And hey, how's marshall?
Lily : It was such an awful summer.
Lily : I just wanted to get back here and see him.
Ted : But I thought your summer was great.
Lily : Not exactly.
Woman : Oh, my god.
Man : This is your best work?
Man : In all my years teaching,
Man : I've never seen anything so needless.
Man : To say this is... Art...
Man : I can't teach you anything.
Ted : So all those interesting people you met on the bus?