Barney : So, in hypothetical terms, you scored last night.
Barney : All right!
Barney : Hypothetical high five.
Barney : Nice.
UNK: All right. Tonight, we're going to go to the bar...
UNK: Barney, no, I am not going out with you ever again.
UNK: Come on! I'll, I'll teach you all of my strategies. Oh, really?
UNK: My favorite, number seven :
Barney : Create a mystery about yourself.
Barney : That way, they become so intrigued,
Barney : They have to hang out with you all night.
Marshall : Oh, come on, does that really work?
Barney : Maybe it does, and maybe it doesn't.
UNK: Damn it, that's intriguing.
UNK: Okay, I'm in.
UNK: I have something you've got to hear. You will not believe what just happened.
Robin : You go first.
UNK: I found a 1939 penny on the subway.
UNK: Just imagine the kind of history
Ted : This little copper guy...
UNK: Lily's back in town.
Ted : And you let me go first? Have you seen her?
Robin : Uh, yeah. I actually went
UNK: Apartment-hunting with her today.
UNK: How's she doing?
UNK: You're not going to like it.
Lily : I am doing great.
UNK: This summer : Best thing ever!
Lily : San francisco is so happening right now.
UNK: She's happy?!
Ted : Marshall had the worst summer of his life,
Ted : And she's happy.
UNK: Yeah, and I suppose her art program
UNK: Was all fulfilling or whatever.
UNK: Oh. The art program : Best thing ever.
Woman : Oh, my god.
Man : This is your best work.
Man : In all my years teaching, I've never seen
Man : Anything so...
Man : Needless to say, this is art.
Man : I can't teach you anything.
Lily : But the best part of s.F...
Lily : Oh, that's what
Lily : We call san francisco... The people.
Lily : Even just riding around on the bus all summer.
Lily : It was like a human tapestry.
UNK: In San Francisco, in a bus.Man 1 : Hi, I'm mike.
UNK: In San Francisco, in a bus.Man 1 : I'm a buddhist monk slash adventure-traveler writer.
Woman : I'm paula. I sing in a punk band for children.
Barney : Yeah.
UNK: Man 2 : I'm dan, I'm a neurosurgeon.
UNK: Man 2 : You are stunning, by the way.
UNK: Wow. I'm so happy for you.
Ted : Oh, she's such a...
Ted : After what she did to marshall,
Ted : She should come back here devastated,
UNK: Crawling on all fours over the broken glass
Ted : Of her own shame and regret.
Robin : You never chose sides. I respect that.
Ted : She's unbelievable. Unbelievable.
Marshall : Unbelievable? What's unbelievable?
UNK: Oh. Listen, marshall.
Robin : Ted found a penny on the subway,
Robin : And it's old, and that's interesting.
Marshall : Way to go.
UNK: Okay, first of all, that is interesting.
Ted : Second, we have to tell him.
Robin : No, we don't.
Robin : He's just starting to get better, going out with barney.
UNK: I mean, how do you think he's going to feel
Robin : When he hears lily's moved on?
Ted : She's moved on?
Robin : It happens. I've fallen out of love
Robin : Faster than that before,
Robin : Sometimes, boom, with no warning whatsoever.
Robin : One day we're in love, the next day, he's dead to me.
UNK: But we're great. Honey.