Ted : This breakup almost killed him.
Ted : And he cannot go through it again.
Ted : So, unless
Ted : You're absolutely certain,
Ted : Stay the hell away from him.
UNK: This guy likes pennies.
Girl : Hi, marshall.
Marshall : No, go away. I don't want to talk to you.
UNK: Okay, I know what I did a couple nights back
UNK: Is in a moral gray area.
Barney : But the great news is, she loved you.
Barney : If things had gone your way...
UNK: You'd gone out a couple times,
Barney : I think she definitely would have had sex with you.
UNK: There's no "would" in sex.
UNK: You're right, I totally...
Marshall : I'm just no good at this, barney.
Marshall : I'm good at being in a couple.
Marshall : I'm good at being lily's boyfriend.
Marshall : Being single... forget it.
UNK: Come on, you can't give up now.
Barney : What if I told you that you could relive that night
Barney : With the exact same conversations,
Barney : The exact same jokes
Barney : Only this time, you get her and I don't.
Marshall : That's not possible.
Barney : Oh, but it is.
Barney : She has... Wait for it...
Barney : Here it comes...
Barney : Almost there...
Barney : An identical twin.
Ted : Yes!
Marshall : A twin isn't the same person.
Barney : Of course it is. What do you think identical means?
UNK: "Ident"... same, "ical"... person. Same person.
Barney : Hey, we could double date.
Marshall : Fine.
Marshall : But you have to promise me,
UNK: You're not going to steal my new twin, and leave me
Marshall : With your old, used-up twin.
Barney : Used-up?
Barney : They're a human being, marshall.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So uncle marshall and uncle barney
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Went out on a double date with the twins.
UNK: How you doing?
Lily : Great.
Marshall : Amazing. This is so much fun.
UNK: And I think me and the girl are really clicking.
Barney : You are. You definitely are.
UNK: Listen, you're going to have to leave now.
Barney : I just talked with the twins, and get this,
Barney : I'm going home with both of them.
Barney : Yeah. That's happening.
Marshall : It is impossible that you're doing this to me again.
Barney : But they're twins.
UNK: You... you said to me that being single
Marshall : Would be like being in a candy store.
Barney : Well, it's not. It's not like a candy store.
Barney : It's a lawless, postapocalyptic wasteland.
Barney : I may be your best friend... Actually ted's my best friend.
Barney : But in this world, it's every hombre for himself.
Barney : That's what being single is.
Barney : And after nine years in captivity,
Barney : That is the single greatest lesson I can teach you
Barney : About surviving in the wild.
Barney : Now, if you'll excuse me...
Barney : I have two unique breasts
UNK: And two duplicates waiting for me.
UNK: Oh, bad news : Marshall got food poisoning.
UNK: What? Oh, no.
UNK: That's too bad. I really liked him.
UNK: Yeah. Well, I guess we're just a threesome tonight.
Marshall : Lily, what are you doing here?
UNK: Oh, oh, I was just walking by. I wasn't...
UNK: Oh, you mean new york?
Lily : My program ended.
Lily : It was just great.
Lily : Just lots of fun... It was awful.
Lily : It was the worst mistake I ever made.
Lily : I'm so sorry, marshall, and... Hello.
Marshall : Lily, this was the worst summer of my life.
Lily : I know. It was the worst summer of my life.
UNK: It was the hardest thing that I've ever had to go through.
Lily : Can we please get back together?
Marshall : All that crap you said to me about,
Marshall : "we need to figure out who we are outside of us,
Marshall : And we need to learn to do things on our own,"
Marshall : It broke my heart.
Marshall : Three months ago, you broke my heart.
Lily : Can we please get back together?
Marshall : Lily, you were right.
Marshall : All that crap was right.
Marshall : So, no.
Marshall : No, we can't get back together.
Marshall : We shouldn't.
Marshall : At least, not right now.
Robin : Wow.
UNK: Okay. Yeah.
Robin : Well...
Lily : Will we still see each other?
Marshall : Yeah, yeah.
Marshall : I think so.
Marshall : I don't know.
Marshall : This is all really new to me.
UNK: Marshall to the girl : I just got out of a long relationship.
Marshall : I like your hair.
UNK: Robin on the phone : Thanks.
UNK: I figured new city, a different color...
UNK: ♪ ...Wide open road
UNK: ♪ it was love to us
UNK: ♪ it was all that we had...
UNK: And the pizza there : Worst pizza ever.
Lily : I'm so glad to be back in new york.
UNK: Listen, if there's anything I can do
Lily : To even begin to make things up to you...
UNK: Actually, there may be something that you can do for me,
Marshall : But you can never ever ask me why.
Barney : So then I was promoted to assistant ménage-er...
Barney : Manager... Why do I keep doing that?
Robin : Lily?
Lily : You gave me chlamydia, you jerk.
Barney : So where was I?
UNK: Ah, yes, assistant ménage-er... I did it again.
Barney : I can't believe it.
Lily : You gave my twin sister chlamydia.
Lily : You slime!
UNK: Wha... Wait, I know magic.
Barney : Well played, eriksen.
Barney : Well played.