UNK: Now, let's review barney's rules for mating without dating.
UNK: Lesson two, corollary five.
Marshall : Make a beautiful woman feel self-conscious and unattractive,
Marshall : And she'll be putty in your hands.
Barney : Excellent.
UNK: Have you chosen your entree?
UNK: I have. Sweet brunette, eight o'clock.
UNK: Nine o'clock. Ten... Thirty.
Marshall : She's walking to the bar.
Barney : Her? Really?
Barney : Yeah.
Barney : No, you're right.
Barney : Ambition is the enemy of success.
UNK: Okay. Hit it.
UNK: What's the matter, four eyes,
UNK: Marshall to the girl : You got astigmatism or something?
UNK: Marshall to the girl : I'm sorry, I was trying to playfully disarm you,
UNK: Marshall to the girl : But I just got out of a long relationship.
UNK: Marshall to the girl : I have no idea what I'm doing.
UNK: Marshall to the girl : I'm marshall.
Girl : Hi, marshall. Amy.
Girl : Don't worry. I've been there.
Girl : Hold on.
Barney : Nice recovery. I think it's working.
Marshall : Um, amy.
Marshall : This is my friend, barney.
Marshall : Barney, this is amy.
UNK: Hi, barney.
UNK: Nice to meet you. Hi.
Barney : Amy, do you like... Magic?
UNK: I hate you. I am so sorry.
Barney : It's a sickness.
Barney : I'm the real victim here.
Marshall : Twice.
Marshall : Twice in a row, you took my candy.
Marshall : That was my candy.
Barney : I know, but tonight...
Marshall : No.
Marshall : Forget it.
Marshall : You're such a jackass.
UNK: I thought you were gonna call me a jerk.
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : All right, I'm sorry.
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : I will make it up to you.
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : Tonight, we'll go to a college bar
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : Near nyu... The scorpion and the toad.
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : I figure
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : In a younger crowd
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : You'll seem more mature, more worldly
UNK: Barney with you're a jerk writing on his hand : And, as a third-year law student, more smarter.
UNK: Okay, but no magic.
Marshall : How did you do that?
Barney : I'm taking a leak, dumb-ass.
UNK: The next day robin and I
UNK: Went apartment-hunting with lily.
Lily : But I need the freedom to really chase my passion,
Lily : Which was painting,
Lily : But now I think it's music
UNK: Or spoken word... maybe both.
UNK: God! Isn't life amazing?
Lily : It is so great to see you, ted.
UNK: I'm going to get the key from the lockbox.
UNK: Hmm?
Marshall : What?
Ted : She's miserable.
Ted : She's realized she's made a huge mistake.
Ted : Her and marshall will be back together in a week.
UNK: I love it! Um, no. You just
Robin : Want lily to be miserable.
Robin : The truth is, she's happy.
Ted : Trust me. I've known lily for nine years.
Robin : Trust me. I'm a girl.
Ted : Yeah, but you're canadian. Why do you always
Robin : Have to bring that up?
Ted : You're our weird neighbors to the north.
Robin : You bring it up every time. All right, five bucks says
Ted : She still wants marshall.
Robin : You're on.
UNK: Five american bucks. Damn it.
UNK: Okay, so how do we get
Robin : The truth out of her.
Ted : Tequila. It's her weakness.
UNK: Three shots, she'll tell you the truth about anything.
UNK: Lily come back. Lily : I hope this is my new home.
UNK: Yeah, I'm going to take that first apartment.
Barney : Marshall eriksen, suit up!
UNK: No way. Yeah, you're good in that.
Barney : Let's go.
Barney : Wait.
Marshall : Empty your pockets.
Barney : Come on.
UNK: Come on, let's...
Marshall : sleeves.
Barney : There is nothing in my...
Marshall : Oh, is that right?
UNK: Uh-huh.
Barney : Let's go.
Marshall : Behind my ear.
Barney : There is nothing behind your...
Both : Oh.
Woman : Yeah, I'm in pre-law.
Girl : The workload's killing me, though.
Marshall : Oh, tell me about it.
UNK: I'm third year at columbia law, so...
Marshall : Does kill you, I can probably get a conviction.