UNK: Here's my new theory. The drooling's another competitive edge.
UNK: Nobody can draft behind it. The road gets slick.
House : He's the only one not racing in the rain.
Foreman : He can barely move his arms and legs.
Chase : - Paralysis? - No, just general weakness.
Cameron : Muscle biopsy is negative for polymyositis.
Chase : And ALS and muscular dystrophy.
Foreman : ANA for lupus, also negative.
Cameron : Maybe his bike shorts are just on too tight.
Chase : So, by your rationale, House shouldn't use a cane.
Chase : He should just drag his bum leg around as God intended?
UNK: House has a handicap. All he's aiming for is normality.
Chase : And who decides what's normal?
Chase : What if we find a drug that makes people live 20 years longer?
Chase : Should we ban that because it's not normal?
Cameron : Jeff doesn't want normal. He wants superpowers.
House : - So why is he normal? - Oh, God, you too?
House : He's shooting for extraordinary.
House : So why is everything so ordinary?
House : I mean, this guy's breathing, drinking and injecting himself
House : with everything he can find to amp up his body chemistry,
House : and yet every test is normal.
House : He's artificially raising his red blood count, so why isn't it raised?
Chase : Maybe his count is raised.
Chase : Maybe what's normal for us is out of whack for him.
House : Can't slip anything by you.
Foreman : Well, if that's true, his white cells are up, too.
Foreman : Which would point to some kind of infection.
Chase : Muscle weakness, exhaustion. He could have encephalitis.
Cameron : - That's kind of a long shot. - Yeah.
House : But it's been over an hour since we've poked the patient
House : with something sharp. So, get a lumbar puncture
UNK: and order broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Cuddy : No, it's not about judging.
Cuddy : It's just that on a dating service you should post a photo.
Cuddy : I have to go.
Manager : - I am so sorry to bother you. - Nope, not a problem.
UNK: I was just accounting.
Manager : I'm Jeff Forster's manager.
Manager : He's been here a whole day,
Manager : and it doesn't seem like we're any closer to a diagnosis.
Cuddy : Jeff Forster. A whole day, huh?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Manager : I was just wondering if I could help speed things up.
Cuddy : Your client's had a muscle biopsy, a full blood workup
Cuddy : and he's scheduled for a lumbar puncture at 10 a.m. tomorrow.
Manager : Jeff is in the Lucas Wing.
Manager : If Mr. Lucas showed up needing a lumbar puncture,
Manager : would he have to wait until tomorrow?
Cuddy : - Mr. Lucas is dead. - Good.
Manager : Then there's an opening.
Cuddy : Jeff is used to doing whatever he has to to be first, isn't he?
House : It's been very lucrative for him.
Manager : He feels it's important that he give something back.
Manager : I hear you've been raising funds for your nuclear medicine department
Manager : or whatever.
Jeff : Thank you, guys, for working so late.
Foreman : Glad to be here.
Foreman : The lumbar puncture will tell us what kind of infection you've got.
Foreman : In the meantime, we're administering antibiotics.
Cameron : Do you like being a hero?
Jeff : It's a living.
Cameron : You don't feel a sense of responsibility?
Cameron : There's kids out there that worship you.
Jeff : When I was a rookie on the tour,
Jeff : I got a letter from a guy in Wisconsin.
Jeff : He wanted me to send a note to his son.
UNK: He said he worshipped me.
Jeff : You know what worship means? I looked it up.
Jeff : It means to love unquestioningly and uncritically.
Jeff : So the kid doesn't even know me, but he loves me
UNK: unquestioningly and uncritically.
Cameron : So you decided to take advantage of that.
Jeff : What should I have done? "Dear sir, I'm just a guy"
Jeff : who rides a bike pretty good.
UNK: "You and your kid are out of your minds."
UNK: My arms feel funny.
UNK: The sats are dropping. He's in respiratory arrest.
UNK: He can't be. We fixed that.
Foreman : Apparently not.