Jeff : I haven't used that stuff.
House : I believed it. It was simple, it was pure. Did you believe it?
UNK: I guess it's silly to cast someone after the first audition.
House : - Why don't you do a reading? - Give me that.
Manager : - He doesn't do EPO. - What did you think?
UNK: It's a different way to go, but, I don't know, I just didn't buy it.
House : Does she handle any of your injections?
Manager : You think I'm giving it to him?
Manager : Test him.
House : Gee, that's a great idea.
House : I sure hope that EPO's not one of those drugs that's undetectable after six hours.
House : Hey, you know what we can test for? Phone calls.
House : Take her cell phone. Push the redial button.
UNK: Even money says you'll be connected to the newspaper
House : that leaked your cancer story.
UNK: Okay.
Manager : Okay, I should have told you.
Manager : It's not just about the races, Jeff.
Manager : It's about your image, okay?
Manager : If you come back from cancer, those sponsors will be all over you.
Manager : Okay, so I messed up. Okay? But I did not give you EPO.
Jeff : That stuff could kill me.
House : Come on, give her a break.
UNK: She was only doing what she has to to advance her career.
House : Don't you have that tattooed on your tushie?
Manager : I would never do anything to hurt you.
UNK: Who are you gonna believe,
UNK: the manager you've trusted for years?
House : I've been to college.
Jeff : You're fired.
UNK: Okay.
Manager : You're basing this whole diagnosis, everything,
Manager : on the idea that I was slipping him illegal drugs.
UNK: You're gonna kill him.
UNK: If Doctor House is so sure, why do you need to stay?
Foreman : He's a very cautious man.
Foreman : Your breathing's better. Let the prednisone do its job.
Foreman : Get some sleep.
UNK: Jeff?
Foreman : His red blood cell count plummeted to 16%.
UNK: He passed out, had to be resuscitated, and he still can't move his legs.
UNK: That's not possible. The drugs should be flushing out of his system.
House : Can't leave if they don't exist.
UNK: The EPO use explains every one of his symptoms.
Cameron : He's been lying and cheating, and now it's coming back to bite him.
House : The only problem with that theory is it's based on the assumption
House : that the universe is a just place.
House : If it were, then his poor manager wouldn't have been fired for no reason.
Chase : - Lambert-Eaton. - His chest was clear.
Chase : So we run an electromyography test.
Cameron : You're still not explaining the PRCA.
House : What's his red count now?
UNK: I had to give him a blood transfusion.
Foreman : He's back around 30.
House : He needed a transfusion?