Wilson : Phone not working?
Wilson : One of the morgue attendants asked me to bring this to you.
Cameron : Wonder why they're calling me.
Wilson : Yeah, me too, actually.
Wilson : I was wondering why the Times was returning your call.
Wilson : You a doctor or the bicycle police?
Cameron : He's cheating. He shouldn't get away with it.
Wilson : Have you actually told them anything yet?
Cameron : You worried about the precedent?
Wilson : I'm worried about you.
UNK: You gonna turn me in?
UNK: No.
Wilson : He's made a mistake. Revealing the truth doesn't undo it.
Cameron : Kids love him, and he's not who they think he is. It's not right.
Wilson : Who cares if he's what he says he is? Who the hell is?
UNK: If love is based on lies, does that mean it's not a real feeling?
UNK: It doesn't bring the same pleasure?
Cameron : Are we still talking about the patient?
Wilson : Have you ever cheated?
Wilson : Well, I have.
UNK: You wanna punish him? Good for you.
Wilson : But you can't do it without punishing the people who love him.
Cameron : Is that how you justified lying to your wives?
Wilson : I always told them.
Foreman : Well, he's negative for bleeds.
House : Congratulations, Chase. It's cancer.
House : Clean him up and let oncology have him. It's their party now.
Wilson : He doesn't have cancer. Biopsy shows he's got pure red cell aplasia.
Chase : There's no way PRCA could manifest so suddenly.
Cameron : Unless it's drug-induced. He's lying about not being on EPO.
House : Why would he lie?
Cameron : What does it matter?
House : People lie for thousands of reasons. But there's always a reason.
Foreman : Philosophically interesting, medically irrelevant.
House : Unless he's not lying.
Cuddy : You've got a leak. The press is all over the Jeff Forster story.
UNK: On the off chance that one of you was stupid enough to call
Stacy : from your own office, I'm pulling your phone records,
Stacy : including your cell phones.
Foreman : I assume if I point out the fact that you have no right to do that,
Foreman : you'll interpret that as a sign of guilt?
House : Wilson's chatty, plus he's got two ex-wives to support.
House : You want me to tell him he's fired?
Stacy : Until we figure out who's behind this, I'm sitting in with you guys.
UNK: You have the ethics of a 4-year-old. I'm gonna treat you like one.
House : How am I supposed to practice medicine with a lawyer sitting on my shoulder?
Cuddy : - Responsibly. - You know I can't do that.
UNK: Cameron.
Cameron : I'm not the leak.
Stacy : Somebody once told me that everybody lies,
UNK: and since you're the only people who know he has cancer...
Manager : He doesn't have cancer.
Cuddy : The point is, you're his medical team.
Cuddy : He's threatening to sue.
House : Why would Cameron leak cancer?
House : How does cancer make the guy look bad?
House : He's on EPO.
UNK: Your anemia is caused by pure red cell aplasia.
UNK: This is gonna hurt, but we gotta talk.
Manager : What the hell are you doing?
House : He'll be fine, sort of.
UNK: I just don't have time to watch him write out answers.
House : PRCA comes in two varieties, chronic and acute.
House : Since it came on fast, you have the acute version.
Manager : He doesn't have cancer.
UNK: Is the good news. The bad news is
House : pants are on fire.
House : Acute PRCA is caused by drugs, most commonly, EPO.
House : Ready, and action!
UNK: But I haven't used EPO.
UNK: Okay, but this time, with more anger.
House : Remember, this guy's accusing you of cheating.