UNK: And it can hit you that fast?
UNK: The treatment for PRCA is blood transfusions.
UNK: The treatment for MG is hyperbaria.
House : You were doing both as part of your regular freak show.
House : When you took a break, everything went to hell,
House : which is not an uncommon reaction in Jersey.
Jeff : So, the whole thing with my manager...
House : Oops. No, no EPO.
House : This has nothing to do with anything you did.
House : - Let her know she's in the clear. - I could.
UNK: Or 10% of a Nike contract
Jeff : is a hell of a lot of cash.
House : You don't need your thymus.
UNK: If we take it out, everything else is manageable.
UNK: Manageable? I thought you just cured me.
UNK: Uh-uh. This is just diagnostic.
UNK: Tensilon erases the symptoms of MG for five or six minutes.
House : Sometimes less.
House : This is exactly why I created nurses.
UNK: Clean up on Aisle Three!
UNK: If you've come to search my office, you should wait 10 minutes.
Stacy : I'll be out of your hair.
Stacy : Here, start with my purse. Just save me some mints.
UNK: What do you wanna know? My sex life with Mark?
Stacy : My guilt over crippling your damn leg?
Stacy : Or are you just here to gloat because you weren't the leak?
UNK: I want to apologize.
House : Maybe I've
House : been punishing you for a little too long.
House : And maybe you've been punishing me.
House : If we're going to work together, I need to know.
House : Do you hate me or do you love me?
House : Either way, I think we've got a problem.
Stacy : I hate you and I love you.
Stacy : And I love Mark.
UNK: And you don't hate him.
UNK: No.
House : So what do we do?
Stacy : We deal with each other.
UNK: Right.
House : That plan's been working great so far.
Stacy : It'll get better. It'll get easier.
House : - Why? - I don't know.
UNK: That's what my therapist tells me.
Jeff : In the professional cycling world, we are subject to
Jeff : what seems like constant witch-hunts and finger-pointing.
Jeff : But I want to thank Dr. House and the excellent medical team
UNK: here at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Jeff : My hope is that this diagnosis
UNK: will put to rest any rumors that I would ever...
Cameron : He needs blood transfusions every two weeks,
Cameron : which means he can dope all he wants.
Cameron : He's got a doctor's pass.
Cameron : It's medicinal.
Cameron : He got away with it.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Wilson : He cheated and won a game.
Wilson : Life's more complicated than who gets to the finish line first.
Cameron : I fell in love with my husband's best friend.
Cameron : Near the end, I was at the hospital every day,
Cameron : and Joe would come by after work.
Cameron : We'd go for walks and try to talk each other through it.
Cameron : We kind of clung on to each other.
Wilson : My wife
Wilson : wasn't dying. She wasn't even sick.
Wilson : Everything was fine.
UNK: But I met someone who
Wilson : made me feel funny.
UNK: Good.
Wilson : And I didn't want to let that feeling go.
Wilson : What happened to you?
Wilson : How can anyone go through that alone?
Wilson : You can't control your emotions.
UNK: No.
Cameron : Just your actions.
Wilson : You didn't do it, did you? You didn't sleep with him.
Cameron : I couldn't have lived with myself.
Wilson : You'd be surprised what you can live with.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: I need you to open a door.
UNK: It's not allowed.
UNK: Yeah, I was having therapy in here today
UNK: and I left my cane.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Dude,
House : I'm crippled.