Chase : I thought it was from the sedation, but if not,
UNK: it means he's got something systemic.
Cameron : Which means it would have nothing to do with the stunts he's been pulling.
UNK: Lupus or polymyositis.
Chase : It explains the progressive muscle weakness.
Cameron : It could be ALS.
Foreman : He's too young for that.
Cameron : Some type of muscular dystrophy?
Foreman : He's too old for that.
House : So what would be just right, Goldilocks?
House : Full blood workup, including ANA for lupus.
UNK: And get a muscle biopsy. Find out if we're talking myopathy or neuropathy.
House : I'm late for my session.
UNK: Session?
UNK: Dr Harper : It's all a part of the process.
UNK: Dr Harper : You get angry and then you get...
UNK: Yeah. I'm right on schedule.
UNK: So, when am I gonna be done?
UNK: No, I need to know, 'cause I got plans to make.
Mark : When can I safely book a game of squash?
UNK: When am I gonna stop being angry?
House : Not today.
House : I've come for the healing.
House : Dr. Harper, as you know, I have a bum leg.
House : What you don't know is I'm upset about it. I need to talk.
Mark : You know House. You know we have a history.
House : You've been telling me for years that I should come by.
UNK: Here I am. Hi, guys.
UNK: - I've got a Thursday group. - Poker night.
UNK: Dr Harper : - Monday morning? - Book club.
House : Well, look, if it's a problem, I'll just go deal with my rage privately.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Dr Harper : If you two could resolve this tension,
UNK: Dr Harper : you could really help each other.
House : I'm tired of fighting.
Mark : So either I say yes or I'm the jerk?
House : Oh, God, I know that feeling.
Cameron : I took the muscle specimen from Jeff's thigh.
UNK: I figured that's where we'd have the best chance at finding something.
Chase : The most painful place to cut into.
Chase : I assume that's caffeine-free.
Chase : Wouldn't want to be artificially boosting your performance.
Foreman : Don't start her up again.
Cameron : Caffeine's legal.
Chase : All about the rules, eh?
Cameron : It's a bike race,
Cameron : a completely arbitrary set of rules that everyone complies with
Cameron : for no other reason than that some committee says that they should.
Cameron : But that's the point. That's what the game is.
Foreman : So, if you break an arbitrary rule, Cameron damns you to hell.
Foreman : But if you break a rule that actually has a reason
Foreman : that's designed to protect people,
Foreman : Cameron develops a crazy crush on you.
Cameron : House doesn't pretend to be some golden boy.
Cameron : He does it to help people, not to glorify himself.
Foreman : So why don't you report Jeff to the biking authorities?
UNK: Ethics.
Foreman : Well, you wouldn't be doing it to glorify yourself.
Foreman : You'd just be trying to make a better world.
Mark : At least you can still get around on your own.
House : Yeah, I know.
House : But you're starting to walk. You're gonna get better.
Mark : You have a job, a way to be productive.
UNK: And you have a wife.
House : Which gives greater meaning?
UNK: A wife could make things harder, too, I suppose.
Mark : This isn't about Stacy.
House : When it happened to me, Stacy was great.
House : She kept telling me not to rush it.
House : I never believed her.
Mark : She means it.
House : I know, but...
House : Stacy. She shouldn't have to wait, right?
House : And you know she feels it, too.
UNK: There's more time at work. There's more satisfaction from work.
House : She didn't get married to be a nursemaid.
House : She wants a man.
Mark : How the hell could she have loved a manipulative son of a bitch like you?
House : That's an interesting question.
House : Maybe she was attracted to different things in the two of us.
Mark : She left you.
House : But why was she with me to begin with?
Mark : - She made a mistake. - Maybe it's that simple.
House : Or maybe she saw something in me,
UNK: something she doesn't get from you.
Mark : - I'm not an ass. - Maybe she wanted an ass.
House : - She obviously did once. - Either he goes or I go.
House : You think that's the kind of thing you can just turn off?
Mark : - Get him out of here! - Dr. House, cancel your book group.
UNK: Dr Harper : You're coming on Mondays.