UNK: Colleen Mccann : Angry at the way politicians were treating soldiers.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : Like they were tissue paper to be used and thrown away.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : He thought the folks in Washington
UNK: Colleen Mccann : cared more about scoring political points than winning.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : He said that maybe what this country needed
UNK: Colleen Mccann : was another wake up call.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : Maybe next time we'd get it right.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Do you know where we can find him?
UNK: No.
UNK: All I have is his cell phone number.
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : His phone's active, but it's old school.
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : No native GPS.
UNK: How long before you get a fix on him?
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : I'll need a few minutes to triangulate off the cell towers.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Do what you got to do. Just don't let him know we're coming.
Montgomery : Can't believe we're chasing one of our own.
Castle : He's not wrong, you know.
Castle : Used to be we go to war, everybody sacrifices,
Castle : everybody pitches in. Now, you don't even see it on the news.
Castle : I'm not defending him.
Castle : I'm just saying I understand the anger.
UNK: Well, Amir is the perfect patsy.
Beckett : He has a background in weapons engineering, ties to Syria,
Beckett : which is a hotbed for Al Qaeda recruiting.
Beckett : I mean, it has "terrorist" written all over it.
Castle : And the money from his Afghanistan account
UNK: would've had people believing Taliban was involved.
Beckett : We're so programmed by fear.
UNK: People are going to believe exactly what Radford wants us to believe,
Beckett : that we were attacked again. And then they're gonna cry out for blood.
Montgomery : Less than four hours.
Castle : If we can't stop it, shouldn't we tell people?
Montgomery : Tell them what? That a dirty bomb is gonna go off somewhere in Manhattan?
Montgomery : Know the kind of panic that would create? No.
Montgomery : Our only hope is to stop this thing. Let's just hope that we can.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We got him. Let's roll.
UNK: Hayes!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Get down! Get down! Get down!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - On your knees! On your knees! - Get down now!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Interlock your fingers behind your head!
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Tell me where it is.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where is it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb?
Esposito : This guy makes me sick. He swore an oath to defend this country.
Castle : In his mind, he's a patriot.
UNK: Yeah, like Tim McVeigh.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Ryan, contact DOD.
UNK: See if you can get twenties on the guys he served with in Afghanistan.