UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The majority of the immediate damage
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : is gonna come from the conventional explosion,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : creating a kill zone.
Montgomery : Like Oklahoma City.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Except for it's not just a building that falls.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It spreads radiation for several blocks, that's your secondary kill zone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If left untreated,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : people can die from radiation poisoning in less than a week.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : But what makes this such an effective terror weapon
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : is the outer zone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Now in this area, everybody seems fine at first.
UNK: Then the cancers start showing up.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Babies, kids, adults.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : And with every new case that's reported,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : people flock to the emergency rooms, overwhelm the system.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's like we're being attacked all over again.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If we can't find the bomb, maybe we can find the target.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Pull everybody you got.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Give me a list of every significant event
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : going on in the city for the next 48 hours.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Any place where people might gather
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - in large numbers. - This is New York City.
Montgomery : There are a hundred events going on every day.
Montgomery : We have to narrow it down.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Focus on anything political or government related.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : There any sporting events going on?
UNK: What's happening at the U. N?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Maybe there's a reason they're choosing to strike now.
Ryan : Sir, can I speak with you alone?
Montgomery : Excuse us.
Montgomery : So, what's wrong?
Ryan : I just got off the phone with Castle's daughter.
Ryan : Apparently, he hasn't come home,
Ryan : and she hasn't been able to reach him on his cell.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - So? - Castle got kicked off the task force.
Esposito : - Why isn't he at home? - How should I know?
Esposito : Beckett's not answering her phone either.
Ryan : We thought, given their history that...
Esposito : We thought the two of them might have got onto something.
UNK: You two do realize that a terror cell is threatening to strike
Montgomery : and thousands of lives may be at risk.
Ryan : - Yes, sir. But... - What do you want me to do?
Montgomery : Send out a search party because your pals
Montgomery : aren't answering their cell phones in the middle of the night?
Montgomery : They could be out having a cold one.
Esposito : - Captain... - I appreciate your concern.
Montgomery : And I'm sure they appreciate your concern.
Montgomery : But they can take care of themselves.
Montgomery : Besides, we have a terrorist to find.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.