UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Make the call.
UNK: Evan Bauer : It's really very simple. Do what we ask, everybody lives.
UNK: Evan Bauer : Don't do what we ask, everybody dies. It's as easy as that.
Nazihah : You killed my husband. Why should I believe you?
UNK: Evan Bauer : Because I'm afraid you have no other choice.
UNK: Evan Bauer : See the van?
UNK: Evan Bauer : All you gotta do is drive it to where we said,
UNK: Evan Bauer : park it, and walk away.
UNK: Evan Bauer : You do that for us,
UNK: Evan Bauer : we'll return your baby and we can all go on with our lives.
UNK: Evan Bauer : But you should know, there's a camera on the driver's side.
UNK: Evan Bauer : If you do anything stupid, we'll know.
UNK: Evan Bauer : Nod if you understand.
UNK: Mr. Castle, Detective Beckett.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : So good to see you again.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : And Agent Fallon, your reputation precedes you.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Does the Syrian Consulate even know you're here?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : When last we met, Detective Beckett, you relieved me of my pistol.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I thought now is a good time to retrieve it.
UNK: Mr. Yusef, when last we met, you told me
Castle : it was in your business to stay informed.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I find in my business it's important to
UNK: Fariq Yusef : keep up with current events.
Castle : And I'm sure that your country would do
Castle : everything in its power to avoid a terrible misunderstanding
Castle : if somehow Amir or his wife Nazihah
Castle : were mistakenly believed to be involved in an act of domestic terrorism.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I would say it's in both our interests.
Castle : You also mentioned that Amir was of special interest to you.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : We, at the Syrian Consulate, wanted to make sure he liked his new home,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : so, yes, we checked in with him from time to time.
Beckett : And what about Nazihah? Did you check in on her?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Under the circumstances,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : we thought it would be appropriate to send our condolences.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You had her under surveillance, didn't you?
Castle : Where is she?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Mr. Fallon, the Syrian Consulate is strictly a diplomatic mission.
UNK: We're certainly not in the business of spying on US citizens.
UNK: However,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : if you were to happen by a red brick industrial building
UNK: Fariq Yusef : on the corner of 158th Street and Franklin,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I do not think you'd be wasting your time.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Now, if you'll excuse me.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I have an appointment outside the city.
UNK: Watch! Gun!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: That's our baby.
Beckett : The baby's fine.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's Nazihah?
Castle : Guys, over here.
Beckett : Camera frame is too tight. We can't tell where she is.
Castle : No way to get in touch with her and let her know her baby's all right.
Beckett : Well, I guess it's all up to him.
Castle : He knows we're on a deadline, right?
Beckett : Yeah, he knows.
Castle : I mean a literal deadline?
Castle : As in, you go over the line, you're dead?
Beckett : Castle, can you just give him a chance?
Castle : I'm happy to give him anything he needs.
Castle : It's the clock that's not cooperating.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Alert all units. Target is in a black van. Repeat. A black van.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : They left for Times Square 10 minutes ago.
Castle : - How'd you get them to talk? - I lied.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I told them Radford cut a deal implicating them both.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I want checkpoints and barricades in Times Square!
UNK: Get choppers in the air! Find that van!
UNK: She just left 10 minutes ago,
Castle : there's a chance we can catch her before she gets there.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Take Broadway or Riverside!
Beckett : We got Broadway.
UNK: You should not have taken Broadway.
Beckett : It's the most direct route to Midtown.
Castle : Yeah, but it's not the fastest. You should cut over...
Beckett : Castle, would you please stop telling me how to drive.
Castle : - I'm not telling you how to drive. - You are telling me how to drive!
UNK: - Nazihah's husband was a cabbie. - So?
Castle : So Broadway slows down in the 70's through Midtown.
Castle : She would know that the fastest way is West End to 11 th
Castle : and then cut cross-town on 48th.
UNK: Okay, why 48th and not 46th?
UNK: Because 46th has construction on it. Turn here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Broadway. - I...
Beckett : I'm turning around.
UNK: No, no, no don't turn around! It's the wrong van.
Beckett : - Castle, how do you know... - There! There, there, there!
Beckett : It's her!
Nazihah : - Please. No! They have my baby. - Nazihah, we know.
Beckett : - We've got her. She's okay. She's... Beckett!
UNK: Dispatch, this is One-Lincoln-40, we found the bomb on 55th and 11 th.
Beckett : Dispatch, that's about two minutes too late.
UNK: Fallon.
Beckett : Fallon, you have any idea how to defuse a bomb?
UNK: We're at 55th and 11 th.
UNK: No, I'd have to see it. Can you send a picture?
Beckett : Yeah, yeah. Hold on.
UNK: It's uploading right now.
UNK: - Forty-five seconds. - You got it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yeah. It's opening... It's opening now.
UNK: Fallon?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Hang on.
UNK: Thirty seconds.
Castle : - Fallon? - I can't see anything.
Castle : I'm sorry.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Yes!
Beckett : No, you should've seen his face.
Beckett : Because he stopped,
Beckett : he looked at me,
Beckett : he grabbed all the wires, and then he just yanked them.
Ryan : All of them?
Castle : I figured one of them had to be the right one.
Montgomery : You know, the Mayor wants to give you guys a medal.
UNK: I didn't have the heart to tell him you had no clue what you were doing.
Esposito : Captain's right.
Esposito : You guys don't know how lucky you are.
UNK: Actually,
Castle : I do.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Can I talk to you two for a second?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I just want you two to know the US Attorney's Office
UNK: is gonna be charging them
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : with multiple counts of conspiracy to commit terror.
UNK: But thanks to you two,
UNK: we won't have to add the murder of innocent New Yorkers to that allegation.
Beckett : Well, we were just doing our job.
Beckett : Actually, I was doing my job. I don't know what the hell he was doing.
Castle : Hey. But that's true.
UNK: Listen,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : what I do
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : is not who I am.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's just how I have to be.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I hope you both understand that.
UNK: Why don't we just say it was a pleasure,