UNK: Chili?
House : Hate chili.
House : Love spud guns.
UNK: You get nose bleeds?
Brian : Yeah. Yeah.
Brian : You think that's where the blood came from?
Chase : I don't just think it, I hope it.
Masters : When was the last time it happened?
Brian : At the quarterfinals.
Brian : I coach volleyball,
Brian : and during warm-ups, I got hit in the nose a few months ago.
UNK: Chase looking Annoyed : You coach volleyball in a gym? Yes.
Chase : With showers? Yes.
Chase : Clean showers?
Brian : Not particularly.
Chase : Blood you were coughing out wasn't blood.
Chase : Dirty gym washroom means Serratia infection.
Chase : Your lungs are full of red bacteria.
Chase : You're right. It was an interesting case.
UNK: You start him on Levaquin, I'll start looking for my good flip-flops.
UNK: I think that might be blood.
Thirteen : What's this really all about, House,
Thirteen : as convincing as I find your deep devotion to vegetable trajectory?
House : First of all, it's a tuber.
House : And you're just jealous because your potato-related plans
House : are more of the serving-up-fries variety.
House : You did time,
House : means your license is suspended,
House : which means your leave of absence is definitely indefinite.
House : What exactly are you going back to?
Thirteen : I'd only have to serve up fries
Thirteen : until the medical board hearing.
House : I stand corrected.
House : You obviously have a rich, full life waiting for you.
House : I'll slow down the car and you can roll out.
UNK: Thirteen [giving Up] : I don't even have a change of clothes.
UNK: Damn.
UNK: If only I had planned for that.
UNK: Okay, here's what I got.
UNK: One, you were in jail for six months,
UNK: but you were gone about a year.
UNK: Which means that when you left, you hadn't been arrested.
UNK: Two, you enjoy being known as a number.
UNK: You don't want people to know the real you 'cause you think the real you is weak.
UNK: You were running
UNK: a bleeding heart medical consulting business for illegals
UNK: or some other sympathetic underclass.
UNK: No.
UNK: Overclass? This interrogation thing is getting annoying.
House : Studies have shown that un-annoying interrogations,
UNK: 50% less effective.
UNK: Thirteen [while Looking At Herself In The Mirror] : Why are you so determined to bring me to this competition?
UNK: Thirteen [while Looking At Herself In The Mirror] : Why don't you bring Wilson?
House : Wilson thinks it's stupid.
Thirteen : I think it's stupid!
UNK: Junior year of high school, you placed fourth
House : in the West Virginia All-County Science Fair.
House : Your project, clean combustion.
Thirteen : Yeah. I also wore a training bra. Things have changed.
UNK: House [under His Breath] : Not that much.
House : I've been going to this contest for four years.
UNK: And for four years, I've come second
House : to a pissant named Harold Lam.
Thirteen : This is serious?
UNK: Second!