UNK: Thirteen [sighs] : How do they not have half-inch drill bits?
House : By the way, Harold's probably gonna hit on you.
House : Everything I have, he wants. Just turn him down flat.
UNK: Unless... Yes.
UNK: Thirteen [playing His Game] : Let's stop shopping. I'll just do him and get him to throw the contest.
UNK: I'm not suggest...
House : Would you do that?
UNK: How is this thing judged?
House : Hang time, distance and accuracy.
House : Okay, how about this?
House : You met a guy in a club, you brought him home, he ODed.
House : So, the guy now writhing on his front porch
House : was the dealer who sold you the faulty goods.
Thirteen : Categories weighted the same?
UNK: Yup.
Thirteen : Screw accuracy, we're gonna double distance and hang time.
Thirteen : Beat Harold on points.
Thirteen : We need raw power. Where's the fertilizer?
House : By all means, Kaczynski.
UNK: Hi.
Chase : You and Taub sharing phones now?
Foreman : He's seeing the redhead on the third floor.
Chase : Please tell me you're not talking about the hot, new CNA with the dimples.
Foreman : She confirmed it.
UNK: What she didn't confirm was her date tonight. He bailed on her.
Chase : He's standing her up. He must have something better going on.
Foreman : Better than sex with a 22-year-old?
Foreman : Who's RT-92?
Chase : Presumably a 21-year-old.
UNK: Whoever it is, Taub's meeting him at my place at 8 : 00,
UNK: which is usually when I go to the gym.
Chase : Guess you'll be missing spin class.
Thirteen : Schedule 80 PVC is pressure-rated for 220 psi.
Thirteen : Fuel valve 300. We can easily push it to 250.
Thirteen : Have your friend, Harold, peeing in his pants.
UNK: Damn.
House : Be cool.
UNK: Harold.
UNK: House.
Harold : You look good.
Harold : I like that jacket on you.
UNK: Thanks.
House : You filled out a little.
UNK: Harold [noticing Thirteen In The Back] : Who's the babe?
House : She's the boot in your ass.
House : Perhaps you've heard of famed Russian physicist, Olga Petrovich.
House : Olga Petrovich is 72-years-old.
House : And her granddaughter
UNK: works in a little place called JPL.
UNK: Harold [enjoying This] : I did an internship there last summer.
House : She killed a man.
UNK: Harold [mockingly] : I'm guessing she didn't do it with a spud gun.
Thirteen : Just a bad combustion valve.
UNK: House [pissed] : Shut up.
Foreman : On my sofa.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Hey.
UNK: You remember my wife?
UNK: Rachel [embarrassed] : Hi, Eric.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: RT-92.