Thirteen : I hope you like rhubarb.
Thirteen : We're celebrating.
Thirteen : We're going rogue.
Thirteen : We rip out the combustion valve, replace it with this,
UNK: so there's enough pressure to blow out at maximum velocity.
House : Turning the spud
House : into spudnik.
UNK: What do we use for discs?
Thirteen : Here's a hint. I actually hate rhubarb.
UNK: House [looking At The Boxes] : Pie tins.
UNK: House [looking At The Boxes] : You're a genius.
UNK: House [looking At The Boxes] : You know that I'm a doctor?
UNK: House [looking At The Boxes] : Any interest I have in the human body is purely clinical.
UNK: Thirteen [getting Out Of The Bathroom] : Yeah, that line never works for me, either.
House : That line always works for you.
House : So what did you do?
Thirteen : No more guessing?
UNK: House [kind Of Desperate] : I need to know.
UNK: I could make some phone calls,
UNK: House [kind Of Desperate] : see if we can speed up your medical board hearing.
UNK: House [kind Of Desperate] : In the meantime,
UNK: no one can stop me from hiring an assistant.
UNK: Thirteen [looking Down] : You were right this morning.
UNK: Thirteen [looking Down] : I met a guy at a coffee shop, we went back to my place,
UNK: and he ODed.
UNK: Damn.
UNK: Could've saved myself a job offer.
Thirteen : We both acted like idiots.
Thirteen : And I ended up doing time.
Thirteen : Guess he did more.
Brian : When we first moved into the house, we had people over all the time.
UNK: And then she just started collecting things.
Brian : I figured it was a hobby.
Brian : Piles turned into art projects,
Brian : and art projects turned into what you saw.
Masters : So why do you stay?
Brian : To everyone else, the world is full ofjunk.
Brian : Meaningless, ugly, broken things.
Brian : But to Nina,
Brian : every shape,
Brian : every color, texture, smell,
Brian : they all tell a story.
Brian : They're all worth treasuring.
Brian : I wouldn't wish what she has on anyone,
Brian : but every now and then, I get a glimpse
Brian : of what she sees,
Brian : and it helps.
Chase : Your lungs are clearing up nicely.
Masters : Respiratory rate's normal, temp's normal.
Masters : Looks like you're gonna be fine.
UNK: Is she okay?
Masters : Something's wrong with her heart.
Taub : The husband is fine, the wife is worse. She had a heart attack.
Masters : Her heart attack could be from a complication.
UNK: Q fever would've caused congestive heart failure, not myocardial infarction.
Chase : So she had Q fever and something else that causes heart attack?
House : And the hoarding. Now that the wife is the only patient,
House : hoard is back on the board.
Chase : Or we were wrong about Q fever.
UNK: I don't buy that it's just a coincidence.
House : which caused the Q fever when the raccoons came
House : to spend spring break at her house.
Taub : I remember somebody saying that hoarding could be a symptom.
Taub : We should do an MRI.
UNK: Hydrogen sulphide.
Taub : It's given off by eggs and rotting food,
Taub : long-term exposure could cause the pulmonary issues,
Masters : - headaches... - And the heart attack.
UNK: Hydrogen sulphide is also a vasodilator.
UNK: whereas half my crack team never tested the place for people.
Chase : Might be safer to just assume we're right and start treatment.
UNK: You know, maybe Taub was right,
Foreman : so I'm gonna stay here with him
Foreman : and help him with the MRI.
UNK: Okay, wind's coming from the south-east.
UNK: So we're gonna have to aim five degrees to the left.
Thirteen : - We're gonna break 14 seconds. - I can feel it.