House : Didn't know you were a Jehovah's Witness.
UNK: Thirteen [playing His Game.] : Yeah, the weak lost faith when Christ didn't return in '75, but I still believe.
UNK: So you're really not gonna tell me what just happened.
Thirteen : I don't know about you, but I'm starving.
UNK: Brian [shocked] : You broke into my home?
Taub : We slowly pushed into your home.
Brian : So, what did you find?
Foreman : A compost heap in your fridge.
Foreman : We think you have aspergillosis.
Foreman : It's treatable with anti-fungals.
Taub : You do remarkably well for living like you live.
Brian : I use bottled water and flashlights.
UNK: Just like camping.
UNK: Fun.
Foreman : We're also gonna need a psych consult.
Brian : I'm not a hoarder.
Brian : Just a major slob.
UNK: You save ear wax.
Thirteen : You know, I'm actually kind of hurt that you don't know what I did.
Thirteen : I'm not worth bribing a court official or hacking into police records?
UNK: What's the fun in that?
UNK: You could've at least hired Cuddy's weird boyfriend.
UNK: Lucas? Mmm-hmm.
Thirteen : You don't know?
Thirteen : What, is he dead or something?
UNK: No.
UNK: House [serious] : Actually, until a couple of weeks ago, I was Cuddy's weird boyfriend.
Thirteen : You're gonna have to do a lot better than that.
Thirteen : Are you okay?
UNK: House [looking Away] : Yeah, I'm fine.
UNK: House [looking Away] : It's not a big deal.
Thirteen : I killed a man.
Masters : Psych eval gave us nothing.
Foreman : So our patient is just an average Joe with a 2-foot pile of used Q-tips?
Taub : Whatever he is, he doesn't have aspergillosis.
Taub : Pain's intensified and now he needs oxygen.
UNK: There's gotta be all kinds of toxins in that place.
Taub : Exposure issues don't make sense.
Taub : He's been here a full day, he'd be getting better, not worse.
Foreman : Unless exposure was keeping him from getting worse.
Foreman : Gas was off at his place. How does he stay warm?
Masters : Portable heater? Or portable gas heater,
Taub : which emits carbon monoxide...
Foreman : Which is a vasodilator.
Foreman : The low-grade exposure was actually improving his lung capacity.
Foreman : We bring him here, he gets worse.
Foreman : If we're right, don't need House and we still get two days off.
Chase : Still have to prove it.
UNK: Someone's gotta go back into that place and test for CO.
Masters : Chase and I can go.
Masters : It's only fair.
Taub : Fairness is important.
Thirteen : You're awfully quiet.
UNK: Sorry. It's just how I get around people who've recently killed a man.
Thirteen : It wasn't...
Thirteen : You know, I've had a pretty rough year.
Thirteen : Do you think maybe we could just give this whole thing a rest?
House : You killed a man!
House : You pled out to drugs.
UNK: Hit and run, under the influence.
UNK: The guy you kneed in the groin
House : was your date who dropped a dime on you.
Thirteen : I'm asking you to let it go.
UNK: Yeah, I really wish I was the kind of person who could do that.