UNK: Okay.
Thirteen : I can help you.
Thirteen : But, I'm going to need to make a personal stop along the way.
House : What kind of stop?
Thirteen : Personal. Did I not mention that?
Taub : I ran into a friend.
Foreman : We had 50 bucks on the Bulls. I had to eat a large pizza by myself.
Taub : You missed me.
UNK: Not as much as I missed my $50.
Foreman : Where'd you meet her? At the hospital.
Foreman : If it's Masters, just lie to me.
UNK: Taub [slightly Shocked] : It's the new CNA in the third floor.
Foreman : The redhead? She's hot.
UNK: Yeah, and I'm seeing her again tomorrow night.
Foreman : I don't know how you do it.
Foreman : Is it the cute, harmless vibe, the self-deprecating humor,
Foreman : or just straight-up roofies?
Taub : If you're interested, I do seminars.
Taub : No electric. No gas, either. It's cold in here.
Foreman : The good thing is, I found a guy who makes you look like a good roommate.
Taub : Maybe hoarding's a symptom.
Taub : Could be caused by brain injury, or early onset Alzheimer's.
Foreman : Most likely that it's psychological.
Foreman : As to what's making him cough blood,
Foreman : dealer's choice.
UNK: He's hoarding books on hoarding.
UNK: Ugh.
UNK: He doesn't have running water.
Foreman : How does this guy live,
Foreman : let alone make it to work every day, and teach a bunch of kids?
UNK: Taub [holding Up A Cable Which Goes From Outside To The Fridge.] : Fridge is on. He's hooked it up to a neighbor or something.
UNK: Cat.
UNK: Taub [holding Up A Cable Which Goes From Outside To The Fridge.] : I might have to throw up.
UNK: He'll wanna keep that, too.
UNK: Aspergillosis.
Foreman : Explains the coughing blood,
Foreman : and if he's formed small aspergillomas,
Foreman : it could explain the headache and chest pain.
Taub : I'll be in the car.
Thirteen : Okay. Turn right.
House : You were writing bogus prescriptions for medical marijuana.
House : Please say no because you have to be an idiot to actually screw that up.
UNK: No.
Thirteen : I mean, I was, but I didn't get caught.
House : I have to admit, you have one of the best game faces I've ever seen.
House : Also one of the best game bodies.
Thirteen : Pull over.
UNK: Just a second.