Masters : the oldest stuff I found was in the bedroom,
Masters : and the oldest stuff in the bedroom was in the closet.
Masters : And at the bottom of the closet...
Masters : Tell me about this.
Brian : She started collecting things to fill the void.
House : Hey, Harriet the Spy,
UNK: It takes two to not tango.
House : So, either it's a new symptom that will help us save her life,
House : or it's a complete waste of time.
House : Figure out which is fried, the bacon or the eggs.
Chase : I'll start the hormone work-up.
House : It's a Thirteen tribute band,
Taub : Oh, my God.
Taub : Where the hell have you been?
UNK: House [trying To Change The Subject] : I think we've all got something
UNK: House [trying To Change The Subject] : a little more important to worry about than...
UNK: And you can ask her all about it when she comes in on Monday.
UNK: Masters [worried] : Monday? This Monday?
Thirteen : She said they never had kids, and you all jumped to infertility.
Thirteen : You never considered the other option.
House : And the bitch is back.
Foreman : We think you have Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Masters : It would explain the symptoms.
Masters : It also causes miscarriages.
Masters : Is that something you think you might have?
Brian : Were you pregnant?
Nina : Three times.
Masters : The miscarriages trigger the hoarding.
Masters : Hoarding eventually made you sick, too.
UNK: Brian [in Shock] : Can you cure her?
Masters : We can treat the physical symptoms as they arise,
Masters : make her life a lot better,
Masters : but the hoarding,
Masters : we're the wrong kind of doctors.
UNK: Brian [to Nina] : You lied to me?
UNK: Brian [to Nina] : For nine years?
UNK: Nina [crying] : I was so afraid of losing you.
Brian : What have I ever done to make you afraid of that?
Brian : I need to get some air.
Taub : I've been selfish.
Taub : I need to let you move on.
Taub : I think we should stop seeing each other.
UNK: No.
Taub : I just want you to be...
Masters : The last time you got all noble on me,
Rachel : we ended up dividing our dishes.
Rachel : This time, I want to make the decision.
Taub : You don't feel weird about this?
Rachel : Of course I feel weird about this.
Rachel : It's confusing, and messy,
Rachel : and dirty, dumb.
Rachel : But we spent our whole lives trying to do everything right, and it sucked.
Taub : Wasn't all bad.
Rachel : It sucked, Chris.
Rachel : And this,
Rachel : whatever it is,
Rachel : it's fun.
UNK: So,
Taub : I'm not taking advantage of you?
Rachel : The fun is fading.
Thirteen : You know,
Taub : there's something seriously wrong with us.
House : I know.
House : Home sweet home.
House : You owe me 87 bucks for gas.
House : I'll kill you.
House : When the time comes, if you want me to.
UNK: I'd do it now if you like.
UNK: Yeah. I've got a baseball bat in the back.
Thirteen : I'll see you Monday.