Monica : Come on, no peeking.
UNK: Our eyes are closed, and we're crossing the street. Very good.
UNK: Okay. Open up!
UNK: What do you want to show us?
Ross : Because all I can see is this bitchen van!
UNK: It's for our catering business.
Joey : I think I know that girl.
UNK: We won't keep it this way, though.
UNK: We'll replace the sword with a baguette.
UNK: Oh, my God, I think I lost my virginity in that van.
UNK: Also, we don't know what to do with this.
Joey : Oh yeah, I definitely know her.
UNK: The One Where They're Going To Party!
Monica : Remember that guy from cooking school that put cilantro in everything?
Phoebe : Sure, Cilantro Larry!
UNK: I'm filling in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Monica : What an amazing opportunity to influence...
Monica : ...dozens of people!
Phoebe : What about our catering business?
UNK: It's just one night a week.
UNK: Plus, I get to take you out for free dinners.
Joanna : Well, in that case...
Phoebe : That was me, hopping on board.
UNK: Hey, guys. Hey, Ross!
UNK: Quick question for you.
Chandler : Are you ready to party?
Ross : I could maybe go out for a couple of beers.
UNK: There's this thing about bees on the Discovery Channel.
UNK: I don't think you heard me. Are you ready...
Chandler : ...to party?
UNK: No.
UNK: Gandalf? Gandalf is coming to town?
Chandler : I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandalf, dude!
UNK: Dude, we are so going to party!
Phoebe : Wow, okay. Dude alert!
Phoebe : Who is this guy?
UNK: Mike "Gandalf" Ganderson. Only the funnest guy in the world.
UNK: I'll call to get off work tomorrow.
UNK: I'll call after you!
UNK: This will be so cool! We never party anymore.
UNK: Were you smoking something in the back of our van?
UNK: "We never have fun anymore"? You have fun with me.
UNK: Remember those strippers? And you paid me $50 to eat that book?
UNK: You are going to love this guy. Gandalf is the party wizard.
UNK: Why do you call him "Gandalf"?
UNK: Gandalf the Wizard.
UNK: Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Joey : No, I had sex in high school.
Rachel : Joanna? I was wondering if I could ask you something.
UNK: There's an opening for a buyer in Junior Miss
UNK: -That'd be a step down for me. -Actually, I meant for me.
Rachel : The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
UNK: I guess you can't stay my assistant forever.
Joanna : Neither can you, Sophie, but for different reasons.