Allesandro : I want a retraction. Our food is not "inedible swill."
UNK: I couldn't eat it.
UNK: My five friends couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
UNK: Our service isn't "grossly incompetent."
Monica : The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants.
UNK: Well, you said that we accept the Discover Card...
Allesandro : ...which we do not!
UNK: All right, that I'll retract.
Monica : But I stand by my review. I know food, and that wasn't it.
UNK: Your marinara sauce tastes like tomato juice.
Monica : You should serve it with vodka and celery.
UNK: I'm proud of that sauce. It's delicious.
Monica : You own an Italian restaurant, and you think that tastes good?
UNK: Where are you from?
UNK: Lebanon.
Monica : Hand me those tomatoes.
UNK: I'll show you what it should taste like.
UNK: How long will this take? I got another critic to yell at.
UNK: Joanna, I want to talk about that interview.
Joanna : I thought it went very well.
UNK: No, it didn't. That's what I want to talk to you about.
Rachel : Now just to brief you...
Rachel : ...I may cry.
Rachel : But they are not tears of sadness or of anger...
UNK: ...but just of us having this discussion.
UNK: Please, don't make a scene.
UNK: There's nobody here.
Joanna : Sophie, get in here.
UNK: See? You're making Sophie uncomfortable.
UNK: No, she's not.
UNK: Congratulations. You crossed the line into completely useless. Get out.
Rachel : Do you want me to quit?
UNK: What makes you think that?
UNK: Those things you said in the interview...
UNK: ...if you believe them, I must not be a good assistant.
Joanna : You know what?
UNK: I am just going to pack up my desk...
Rachel : ...and I will be gone by the end of the day.
UNK: There's no use staying till the end of the day.
UNK: Wait, wait.
Joanna : You can put your sad little muffin back.
UNK: If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a good assistant.
UNK: What?
UNK: That's why I said those things about your flirting and drinking.
Rachel : My drinking?
UNK: I must have said that after you left.
Rachel : Said what, exactly?
UNK: You enjoy the occasional drink...
Joanna : ...-ing binge.
Monica : Oh, my God! That is it. I'm leaving!
Rachel : You are just a horrible person!
UNK: Wait, wait.
UNK: If you're going to get all sensitive about it.
UNK: I don't want to lose you.
Joanna : What if I create a position for you?
UNK: I'll make you assistant buyer in this department.
Rachel : Say more things like that.
Joanna : Your own office and a raise, effective tomorrow.
UNK: -I need an expense account. -Done!
Rachel : -And an assistant. -Sophie!
UNK: Hey, I thought you'd be out partying with Gandol-...