Joey : Will you calm down? He's just a human guy.
UNK: You don't understand. He's amazing.
UNK: You never know what'll happen.
UNK: You go out for beer and end up on a boat to Nova Scotia.
UNK: -Really? -It's beautiful country up there.
Ross : Hey. Okay.
Ross : I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snakebite kit.
UNK: It won't be exactly like last time.
UNK: I'll see you guys.
Joey : I have an audition, but I'll meet you.
UNK: Where will you be around noon?
Ross : Somewhere maybe along the equator?
UNK: Hello.
UNK: It's Gandalf!
Chandler : So are you in town?
Joanna : Oh, well...
Chandler : Maybe next time, then.
Ross : What happened?
UNK: He can't come. He's stuck in Chicago.
Chandler : Oh, man!
UNK: Chicago's so lucky.
Chandler : Stupid, useless...
Chandler : ...Canadian money!
UNK: Mr. Posner : You have a very impressive resume, Miss Greene.
UNK: I especially like what I see about implementing a new filing system.
Rachel : Thank you.
UNK: Filing system? Those colored labels you put on all the folders?
UNK: It did brighten up the filing cabinets.
UNK: They did more than that.
UNK: I notice you've been entrusted with a lot of important responsibilities.
Rachel : Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
UNK: Rachel has been incredible at getting my bagels.
Joanna : She gets it right almost every time.
Rachel : Of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Rachel : Of course! There's the coffee too.
Joanna : Rachel can carry two things at once.
UNK: That's very good.
UNK: Mr. Posner : Now a big part of this job is...
UNK: Mr. Posner : ...cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
Rachel : -Yes, I -She shouldn't have any problem.
UNK: Her only problem might be getting too friendly, you know?
Rachel : I love working with designers.
Joanna : With them. Under them. What's the difference?
Monica : My first review is out.
Monica : The Chelsea Reporter.
UNK: These used to keep me so warm.
UNK: Look, I'm on the back page.
UNK: "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, I'd get two meals.
Phoebe : One for me, and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head."
Phoebe : You really laid into this place.
UNK: They don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
UNK: I found a guy who'd fix up the van for catering.
UNK: You want me to go?
UNK: It's okay. Are we sure we don't want the waterbed?
UNK: Because it would be silly to take it out if we're just gonna put it back in again.
UNK: Haven't we made this decision?
Phoebe : Yeah, all right.
Monica : -Who is it? -It's Allesandro, from Allesandro's.
Monica : -Oh, my God. -I want to talk to you about your review.
Monica : Call me on the phone.
UNK: What? So you can hang up on me?
UNK: I'll never let you up, so just go away.
Allesandro : -Just give me a chance to -Do you need to get in?
Monica : No, Phoebe!
Phoebe : Hey, Monica!