Blaine : Let's go, nice and quiet.
Blaine : The man who sent you, who is he?
Castle : Look, I don't know what you're talking about.
Blaine : I saw you in the park with him. Is he CIA?
Castle : A phone book.
Castle : You knew not to send the real list
Castle : because you were trying to draw him into the open.
Ryan : That's right.
Blaine : Looks like he was smart enough to send someone expendable.
Blaine : All right, mystery writer, tell me a story.
Blaine : Who's your handler? What's his name? Where is he?
Castle : Why should I tell you? You're just gonna kill me anyway.
Blaine : Yeah, but I can kill you slow or I can kill you fast. It's up to you.
UNK: CLATTER
UNK: GROANING Aah!
UNK: Aah! Uhh!
UNK: Aah.
UNK: GROANS
UNK: Are you all right?
UNK: Me? You're the one who was shot!
Cross : Wasn't the first time.
Castle : - I'll go call an ambulance. - Don't bother.
UNK: No! No, no, wait.
Castle : Why would you do that?
Cross : That was the mission. That's what I do.
Castle : How did you even find me?
Cross : Your left coat pocket.
Castle : What is this? Some kind of GPS locator?
Castle : How did you...
Castle : The hug. You slipped this on me.
Cross : I needed to keep tabs on you.
Castle : Yeah, to use me as bait.
Cross : Well, after the shootout at the apartment, I knew I was blown.
Cross : But I still had to recover this list.
Castle : So to keep the upper hand, you let Beckett and me walk into a trap.
UNK: We could've been killed.
Cross : I would never let anything happen to you two.
Castle : The way you never let anything happen to Ted?
Cross : There are reasons I have to do what I do, Richard.
Cross : One day you'll understand.
UNK: Hmm?
Cross : Now get Beckett. Let her know we have her killer.
UNK: GRUNTS
Beckett : Castle, what happened?
Castle : Come on. Gemini's down here.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : No! No, no, no, no. He was here. He was here just a minute ago.
Castle : Of course he took the body.
BECKETT : Yeah.
Beckett : But left Gemini's weapon.
Ryan : That gun was a ballistics match to the one that killed Ted.
Ryan : It's registered to Tony Blaine.
ESPOSITO : We searched his place.
Esposito : Found clothes that tested positive for Ted's blood.
UNK: Blaine's definitely our killer.
Beckett : But who is he?
Esposito : He's a researcher at a government think tank.
Ryan : Yeah, but what a researcher at a government think tank
Ryan : is doing involved in all this, we have no idea.
UNK: Yeah, and we may never know.
Esposito : Well, hold on. We've got a BOLO out on him,
Esposito : and we're monitoring his credit cards. We'll find him.
Ryan : And when we do, maybe he can tell us who this Anderson Cross is.
Beckett : Yeah, maybe. All right, great job, guys.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Well, looks like the CIA wrapped all this up in a neat package.
Castle : Yeah, with a bow, courtesy of my father.
Beckett : At least Ted's killer was brought to justice, you know, in a way.
UNK: Yeah, Blaine killed Ted, but left his body at Coney Island.
Castle : It was my father that moved the body.
UNK: Now, he could've put it anywhere, but he took it to Ted's apartment.
Castle : Do you know why?
Beckett : To bring him into our jurisdiction.
Castle : He wanted us to catch the case so he could work me for information.
Beckett : Well, maybe he was just looking for a reason to see you again
Beckett : and this was his way.
Castle : I keep making the mistake of thinking he's family. But he's not.
Beckett : You are.
UNK: September.
UNK: What?
Castle : We're getting married in September. It won't be too hot, it won't be too cold.
Castle : It's in the Goldilocks zone. It's perfect.
UNK: Wait, wait. Castle, what about your book tour?
UNK: Screw it. September.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hello, Mother. How are you?
UNK: Well, that was fun. What a day!
UNK: You know, for years I've wondered if your father was the one who got away.
Martha : Well, now I finally know.
Castle : He was never worth your time.
Martha : Oh, yes, he was.
Martha : First time I met him, he gave me the greatest gift of my life, you.
Martha : And now, after all these years, he's given me another one.
UNK: Closure. So...
Martha : What about you, kiddo? How are you?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: EXHALES DEEPLY
Martha : Think we'll ever see him again?
Castle : I wish I knew.