Ryan : By the looks of the equipment, he was hacking.
Beckett : - Hacking who? - I don't know.
Ryan : He's got a pretty sophisticated Wi-Fi sniffer here,
UNK: so he must've been intercepting Internet traffic from someone.
Castle : The Iranian mission across the street.
Beckett : What exactly did Ted intercept?
Beckett : I don't know. Someone stole the hard drive.
Cross : Can I borrow your laptop now?
Castle : These are communications to and from the Iranian mission.
Lanie : - Yep. - That's incredibly illegal.
UNK: Yep.
UNK: Okay, here, Ted flagged this one.
Cross : It's an anonymous e-mail from Izad Larjani.
UNK: He's part of VEVAK, Iran's CIA.
UNK: "FC. Payment received. Central Library Reading Room.
UNK: "Tomorrow, 5 : 00 p.m. Network name : Kingfish."
Castle : This was sent yesterday.
Cross : Which means it's going down today.
Beckett : He's sending the DCO list over a secured Wi-Fi connection
UNK: in roughly 30 minutes.
UNK: The Central Library is a perfect location.
Castle : It's public, there's lots of people on laptops.
Cross : Gemini never has to meet with his buyer face-to-face.
Castle : Wi-Fi signals max out at about 200 feet indoors.
UNK: He and the buyer will have to be in the building at the same time.
UNK: Given everything that's happened,
Martha : why would he still go through with the exchange?
UNK: "FC" means "final communication." All links have been severed.
Cross : If Gemini pulls out, he has no way to tell his buyer.
Cross : He will do anything in his power to make the transfer.
UNK: I gotta go. I gotta stop this.
UNK: What? Are you crazy? We just pulled a bullet out of you!
Martha : Can't you call someone?
Cross : This mission does not exist. I don't exist.
Cross : There's no one to call.
Beckett : Don't you have backup?
Cross : I am the backup.
Castle : You're in no condition...
Cross : You don't understand. This list cannot get out into the open.
Beckett : Then we'll go.
Beckett : Castle's right. You are in no condition.
Beckett : And if we stop him, then we all get what we want.
Cross : Let's run this just so we know we're all on the same page.
Cross : Richard, what do you do?
Castle : As soon as the Kingfish network goes online, I log in, I download the list.
UNK: You don't just log in, you gotta be first.
Castle : - Right. - But why does he have to be first?
Castle : Because it locks out the Iranians from downloading the list.
UNK: Right. And while Castle's downloading,
Beckett : I'll track the signal using the Wi-Fi analyzer on my phone.
Martha : You can find a spy on your phone?
UNK: Mother, there's an app for everything now.
Cross : Now, Kate, remember, if you don't have a tactical advantage,
Cross : just get eyes on him. He's CIA.
Cross : If you can describe him, I can find him.
UNK: Okay, all right. It's almost 5 : 00. We should go.
Cross : Richard, this means a lot, kid.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Martha, I'm gonna need...
Martha : I know. He's not going anywhere.
UNK: Okay.
Martha : If anything happens to them...
Cross : He's a smart kid. And she's good at what she does.
UNK: No, they'll be fine. I promise.
Martha : Forgive me, but your promises don't mean very much.
Beckett : Gemini could be any one of these people.