Castle : There wasn't a trace of him?
Esposito : Nothing. Even his receptionist, she was hired from a temp agency.
Esposito : Just started working yesterday. She doesn't know jack.
UNK: Neither did the building manager.
Ryan : He said that Cross rented the place from him last month,
Ryan : paid for a year's lease with a cashier's check.
Ryan : So it's totally untraceable.
Esposito : Yeah. Whoever this guy is, he's in a different league.
UNK: And we've crossed paths before.
Castle : What do you mean?
UNK: Check this out. Remember this guy?
UNK: Alexis' kidnapping last year.
RYAN : Damn, that's right!
Ryan : Witnesses kept seeing him pop up at locations associated with her abduction.
UNK: And at each one of those locations there was a dead body.
Beckett : So I sent the video surveillance to a friend of mine in the AG's office
Beckett : and he got a hit. Now, he couldn't get into details,
Beckett : but he did say that this guy is a former CIA operative.
Castle : Wait a minute. Former?
UNK: Yeah. He was disowned for an unauthorized assassination.
Beckett : He was sentenced to life, broke out, killed three guards in the process.
Beckett : This guy's wanted by our government.
UNK: Now, my friend said that the rumor is he's working as a hit man.
Beckett : And if we get eyes on him,
Beckett : the AG's office wants us to call them so they can send in a strike team.
Ryan : Why would a guy like this want to kill Ted Rollins?
Esposito : More than that, how are we gonna find a former spy?
Esposito : He spent a lifetime covering his tracks.
Beckett : Yeah, but Ted hasn't. And somehow they're connected.
Ryan : So we should see if Hansel left any bread crumbs towards our suspect?
Beckett : We need to retrace every one of Ted's footsteps.
Beckett : Our killer knew him well enough to know where he lived.
Beckett : I mean, they had to have had previous contact.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Castle, did you ever see this man in Paris?
Castle : Not that I can remember. Why don't you text me those sketches?
Castle : I'll have Alexis come over and see if she recognizes him.
UNK: Do you want me to come along?
UNK: No, no, no. That's... I'll call you.
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : So I'm coming up with a whole bunch of nothing. You?
Beckett : Check it out. It's a printout of Ted's MetroCard.
UNK: Look how he got to Coney Island yesterday.
Esposito : He swiped his card at the 33rd and Park Avenue South station.
UNK: Probably took the Six to the N train. So?
Ryan : So, look at his swipes for the past two weeks.
Esposito : He kept going back and forth to that subway stop at 33rd and Park.
Ryan : Exactly. And he didn't work, live or know anyone in that area.
Esposito : All right, let's get up there and see what he was doing.
Martha : All right.
UNK: - WHIRRING - MARTHA HUMMING
UNK: WHIRRING STOPS
UNK: Oh, Richard, you're home early! Care for a glass of liquefied heaven?
Martha : Good for your hair, good for your teeth.
Martha : Richard, what is it?
UNK: And of course I believed him, because he's my father.
UNK: Well, especially after Paris, I mean, why wouldn't you?
Castle : But he used me to stay ahead of the investigation,
Castle : to know when to make a run for it.
Castle : If he's innocent, why didn't he show up at the park?
Martha : Richard, look,
Martha : the only thing we really know about him is that we don't know him.
Martha : Me? I had one night with him. You? A day in Paris.
Martha : Lean on the people you trust. Call Katherine.
Martha : Tell her what's going on.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Martha : I'll get that.
Castle : And what if he's telling the truth?
Martha : What if he isn't?
UNK: GASPS
Cross : Hello, Martha.
UNK: Been a while, huh?
Martha : What the hell are you doing here?
Cross : Sorry to miss our meeting, but I was a little busy getting shot.
UNK: Oh, my God! Come in.