Castle : And what's a secret compartment without a secret?
Castle : A laptop.
Castle : Key to our mystery, and the identity of our killer may lie within that device.
TORY : Well, if it does, I can't get to it.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : Honestly, I've never seen anything like this before.
Beckett : So what are we looking at here?
UNK: A very high-level encryption program.
UNK: What, and you can't crack it?
UNK: Come on, Genius Bar, I thought you were the best.
Tori : I am. It's just, whoever designed this is better.
Tori : But give me some time.
Tori : - Let me see what I can do. - All right.
Castle : Anyone else wondering what a record store clerk is doing
Castle : with this kind of technology?
Beckett : Espo, did you contact next of kin?
Esposito : Yeah, Ted's father and little brother. They're on their way down.
UNK: I just talked to Ted yesterday. How could he be gone?
Beckett : Mr. Rollins, when you spoke with your son,
Beckett : did he seem worried or scared about anything?
UNK: He said everything was fine.
Esposito : Maybe you could help us with something else.
Esposito : We found a laptop in one of the floorboards at Ted's place
Esposito : with a highly sophisticated encryption system.
Esposito : Either one of you know what it was doing there?
Beckett : What is it?
UNK: Ted was a computer whiz.
Grant : More like a genius.
UNK: MR. ROLLINS : But it got him into trouble.
UNK: When Ted was in high school, he got into identity thefts.
UNK: Hijacking, credit cards, bank accounts. Stuff like that.
UNK: And he'd call it "pulling a Robin Hood."
Grant : Because he would steal from the rich and give to the poor.
Esposito : The poor being Ted?
UNK: He was just a kid.
Esposito : So, how much did he end up stealing?
UNK: - $1.4 million. - Whoa.
UNK: MR. ROLLINS : But the judge made him give it back.
UNK: Part of Ted's plea deal was that he was barred from using
UNK: any devices connecting him to the Internet.
UNK: So he shouldn't have had that laptop.
Beckett : Is there anything to indicate that he went back to committing identity theft?
UNK: I was laid off and Ted helped me with Grant's tuition.
UNK: I knew he was up to something.
UNK: I just didn't want to believe he was hacking again.
Esposito : Okay, so, let's just say he went back to stealing identities.
Esposito : Does that explain why he was killed?
Esposito : Yeah, people get pissed about getting their identities stolen,
Esposito : but normally they report it to the police.
Beckett : Well, maybe he stole from the kind of people that don't report to the police.
Beckett : Hey! Look who's back from paternity leave.
Beckett : So, how's Sarah Grace?
UNK: Oh, man, I tell ya, she is just my perfect little angel.
Beckett : - Oh, she's so cute. Wow. - Yeah.
UNK: Is it me or, or does she look a lot like Esposito?
Esposito : - Yeah, she does. - Wow.
Ryan : Really, Beckett? I expected that from jackass, but not from you.
UNK: Anyway, so I got that CSU report back.
UNK: Looks like Ted might've been killed in an auto body shop.
Esposito : Did he even own a car?
Ryan : No, but they identified that sludge on Ted's clothes.
UNK: It's hydraulic fluid mixed with red paint flecks.
UNK: Now, the paint is urethane-based
Ryan : with high levels of a volatile organic compound,
Ryan : so it's most likely from a car painted prior to the 1990s.
Beckett : Okay, canvass the auto shops near Ted's place.
Beckett : - Maybe he was seen at one of them. - Yeah.
UNK: Hey! Beckett, we got something.
Castle : Now, Ted's laptop is like Fort Knox on steroids.
UNK: But Tory found some unscrambled artifacts
Castle : in the registry to a service set identifier.
Castle : I don't know what that means either, but she got really excited about it.
UNK: And here's why.
UNK: Yesterday, at 7 : 19 p.m., Ted connected to a dedicated server
UNK: of a private computer network. I traced the network.
UNK: It belongs to Universal Banking Solutions.
UNK: They're based in Chicago, but have satellite offices all over the world,
UNK: including Manhattan, which is where Ted connected.
Castle : Now, according to the website, Universal Banking Solutions handles
Castle : strategic and tactical procurements for international clients.
Beckett : And what does that mean?
Beckett : I don't know. I'm just reading the screen there.
Beckett : Okay, so what did Ted do when he connected to the server?
Tori : It's impossible to tell. He could have sent an e-mail or accessed the website.
Beckett : Or he hacked it.
TORY : That, too. Whatever he did,
UNK: it was the last time this laptop was used before he died.
Beckett : Okay, so who runs the Manhattan office?
UNK: "Anderson Cross."
Beckett : All right, let's see if Mr. Cross knows what Ted was up to.
BECKETT : I don't know, Castle, maybe your mom's right.
UNK: I think elopement's a great idea.
Beckett : There's no planning, no lists. All we do is, we just get married.
Castle : Beckett, I promise you,
Castle : there is a perfect date for our perfect wedding and we will find it.
Castle : - Trust me. - I do.
Castle : Oh, wedding humor. Nice.
UNK: Mm-hm.
Beckett : We need to speak with Anderson Cross.
Receptionist : Let me see if he's available.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : - Excuse me. - Yeah.
UNK: Castle.
MAN : Richard, something is about to happen, but you cannot react.
Castle : I'm sorry. Who is this?
Cross : Lives are at stake. Don't react.
UNK: LINE DISCONNECTS
Receptionist : Sorry, Mr. Cross isn't picking up. Oh, here he is.
Beckett : Mr. Cross, these people are here to see you.
Cross : Hello, there. I'm Anderson Cross.