Castle : Yeah, about the man in the sketches...
Beckett : There's something you should know about him.
UNK: What?
Castle : He's your future father-in-law.
Cross : Nice to see you again, Kate.
Martha : SIGHS Katherine, I want to say this isn't what it looks like,
Martha : but it is.
UNK: I was gonna tell you, I swear.
Beckett : When? After you patched him up, sent him on his merry way?
UNK: He's wanted by the government. You are harboring a fugitive!
Castle : That's just his cover.
Beckett : And you know that how? Because he told you?
Castle : Because of Paris and because he's my father.
Beckett : He is not your father. He made that choice a long time ago.
Beckett : This man is my suspect. Now, you know what I have to do, right?
UNK: Well, she is a spitfire, this one.
Cross : I'm glad we're on the same side.
Beckett : Who says we're on the same side?
UNK: I'm sorry, he wouldn't stay put.
UNK: - Richard, I need your laptop. Now. - Right.
Beckett : No. The only thing that you are getting is a ride to my precinct in handcuffs.
Cross : You're not going to arrest me.
Beckett : - Really? Why? - Because you want answers.
Cross : And if you take me in, you're not gonna get any.
Cross : The Feds will swoop in.
Cross : You won't have anything and I'll have lost valuable time.
Cross : You want Ted's killer? So do I.
Cross : But there's a hell of a lot more at stake here than murder.
UNK: Then you're gonna have to tell me what it is.
UNK: Well, there was a massive breach at the CIA.
Cross : Someone hacked the files
Cross : containing the identities of our deep-cover operatives.
Cross : Do you know who?
Cross : No. But it was an inside job at the highest level.
Cross : That's why they called me. Because I'm outside.
Cross : My orders were to find the mole and recover the files.
Beckett : What does any of this have to do with Ted?
Cross : Ted was one of my best guys. I recruited him to help me find Gemini.
UNK: Gemini?
Cross : Code name for the mole.
Cross : He was planning on selling the DCO list.
Cross : But we couldn't find him.
Cross : If these files get out, the consequences will be very real.
Cross : Then yesterday we had a breakthrough. Ted identified the buyer,
Cross : and he signaled me to meet so he could tell me who it was, but...
Castle : But Gemini got there first. He killed Ted.
Cross : Leaving me SOL. Until you told me about the Iranian rial.
Beckett : - You told him about the rial? - I...
Cross : Ted left that as a fail-safe message about the buyer.
UNK: Right. It's old-school spy craft. But Gemini knows all the old tricks,
Castle : so he took that coin to throw you off his scent.
Cross : Yeah. Once I found out the Iranians were involved,
Cross : I traced Ted's trail back to an apartment on East 38th Street,
Cross : across from the Iranian mission.
Cross : Only Gemini got there ahead of me.
Castle : And he ambushed you?
Cross : From a rooftop across the way.
Cross : Soon as I opened the door, all hell broke loose.
Cross : But I'm good at hell.
Cross : And I made my way back to the car, but he was right on my tail.
UNK: I had to drive into the East River just to get away from him.
Beckett : Look, this is an incredible story and I can see where Castle gets his talent,
UNK: but it doesn't mean that any of what you said is true.
Cross : You don't believe me?
UNK: Mm-mm.
Cross : Well, turn on the news.
UNK: A high-speed car chase rocked
Newscaster : the neighborhood of Murray Hill just hours ago.
Newscaster : According to multiple reports,
Newscaster : the pursuit began with gunshots at an apartment on East 38th Street,
Newscaster : where two unidentified men were involved in a gun battle.
Beckett : That doesn't prove anything.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : So, whatever our boy Ted was into, it's all some crazy-ass spy stuff.
Beckett : What makes you say that?
UNK: Well, you heard about that car chase in Murray Hill?
Esposito : Well, we're at the epicenter.
UNK: It's a shot-up apartment at 38th and 3rd. It's where it all started.
Esposito : According to the super, Ted Rollins rented this place two weeks ago.