UNK: Oh.
Castle : There you go.
UNK: Tony Blaine : - God bless you, man. - Yeah.
Cross : Sit behind me.
Castle : Never thought I'd see you again.
Cross : Ted Rollins, your victim. What have you learned?
Castle : What have I...
Castle : I'm sorry, until a year ago I had no idea who you were,
Castle : and now you come out of the blue and the only thing you have to say is,
UNK: "What have you learned?"
Castle : How about a, "Hello, son. How you been?"
Cross : You're getting emotional. And now's not the time.
UNK: Really? 'Cause it's been about 40 years.
Castle : So when would be a good time?
Cross : With what I do? Never.
Cross : Or did you forget what happened in Paris?
UNK: No. How can I forget?
Cross : Then stop acting like you did.
Cross : You know what I do. You know who I am.
Cross : I let my guard down, people die.
Castle : People like Ted?
Castle : So, who was he really? Who killed him?
Cross : You need to tell me what you know.
Castle : You don't trust me.
Cross : Trust kills faster than bullets.
UNK: Look, there's a storm coming.
Cross : And if I don't stop it, a lot more people are gonna die.
Cross : Just tell me what you know.
UNK: Um...
Castle : He was shot at Coney Island, under the roller coaster.
Castle : There was a coin in his sock, an Iranian rial.
Cross : Do you have the coin?
Castle : No. The killer took it.
Castle : Why would he do that? What does that mean?
UNK: It means I gotta go. If there's any update, text me.
Cross : Say you need to meet and I'll be back here within 30 minutes.
Cross : Don't tell anyone about this, about me.
UNK: Not even your fiancée.
UNK: How'd you know we were engaged?
UNK: Oh, I may not be good at it, but I am still your father.
Cross : Now, keep your mouth shut and let's try not to get us both killed.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Beckett : What's wrong?
Beckett : You don't like the artwork for your graphic novel?
Castle : Oh, no, no, it's great. It's good, it's, um...
Castle : So we were right about Coney Island, huh?
Beckett : Yes, one mystery solved, only it's led us to a few new ones.
Beckett : Like, what was Ted doing there in the first place?
Castle : Yeah, it's weird.
Beckett : It's more than weird.
UNK: Something bigger is going on here, don't you think?
UNK: Hey, guys. Check this out.
UNK: This is surveillance from that security camera
UNK: at the entrance of the roller coaster repair yard.
UNK: Ted enters alone at 8 : 47 p.m.
Castle : Did anyone enter prior to that?
UNK: No. But about 15 minutes later, at 9 : 04 p.m., someone does.
Beckett : Wait, zoom in and freeze it.
Beckett : That's Anderson Cross.
Beckett : Oh, my God. He's our killer.
BECKETT : This whole time it was Anderson Cross.
UNK: So Ted must've hacked into his system,
Beckett : and he decided to take matters into his own hands.
Castle : But that doesn't seem likely.
UNK: I mean, he really doesn't seem the type.
UNK: Castle, what are you talking about? He lied to us.
Beckett : He told us he didn't know Ted, and there he is at the crime scene.
Castle : We don't actually see him commit murder.
Castle : There's a number of entrances to that area, but there's only one camera.
UNK: It just may not be what it seems.
Esposito : So what, he just happened to be there
Esposito : two hours after Ted hacked his company?
UNK: I'm just saying that
Castle : Anderson Cross as the killer is just the obvious choice.
Esposito : That's usually what happens when all the evidence points to a suspect.
BECKETT : We have to get him down here.
Beckett : Pull up everything you can on his company.
Tori : - This makes no sense. - What?
UNK: It's gone. The site disappeared.
Tori : Actually, not just the site, every trace of the company.
Beckett : Find Anderson Cross, now.
Beckett : Who the hell is this guy? He's obviously not a banker.
UNK: I know why he looks familiar.
Castle : - Where are you going? - To check something.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Castle : Pick up, pick up.
UNK: ANDERSON CROSS : Leave a message.
Beckett : - Hey, Castle. - Jeez!
Esposito : - Man! Bro, why are you so jumpy? - I'm... Dude, I'm not. I'm...
Esposito : Well, you will be once you hear what we found. Come on.
UNK: So this guy, Anderson Cross, is like a villain out of one of your books.
Esposito : His office was cleared out like he knew we were coming.