Alexis : Can you believe my old grade school shirt still fits?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Like a glove, yes. A shirt, no.
Castle : You look like The Incredible Hulk.
Alexis : Nice, Dad.
UNK: Yeah. That's what you get when you talk to him while he's writing.
UNK: Hmm. Well, Gracie is going to love it. It'll crack her up when she sees it.
Castle : Gracie, little cutie whose family moved off to...
Castle : I want to say Kansas?
Alexis : After fifth grade.
UNK: She e-mailed me she was coming to town to check out FIT,
Alexis : so I told her she could spend the night.
Alexis : I asked you.
Castle : Was I writing?
UNK: "Incredible Hulk?"
UNK: Gracie!
Gracie : Look at you, Greendale girl.
Gracie : Look at you.
Wife : - Hi. - Hi.
Alexis : You remember Gram and my dad?
Gracie : Sure, hey. It's been forever.
Gracie : Thanks again for letting me crash with you guys.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So, your room in the same place?
Alexis : Yeah. Same place, same old room, you know, everything the same,
UNK: almost.
Martha : Looks like someone's not in Kansas anymore.
UNK: What happened to the little hair band and knee socks?
Castle : Ah! Beckett. Excellent timing.
Castle : She used to be so adorable.
UNK: I mean, what makes a girl, a little girl who used to play hopscotch
Castle : and My Little Ponies suddenly pierce her eyebrow?
Castle : It's like she's been assimilated by the leather overlords.
UNK: Kate Beckett : You're probably romanticizing it.
UNK: Kate Beckett : And is anything ever really the way that we remember it in grade school?
Castle : Well, to be honest,
Castle : beyond some baking soda volcanoes and sweaty palms,
Castle : I have very little memory of it at all. You?
Beckett : Mine are mostly orthodontic.
Castle : Braces? You mean, you weren't born with that dazzling smile?
Beckett : The only thing dazzling was how long it took my parents to pay for it.
Beckett : Body's in pretty good shape for a floater.
Beckett : Must not have been in the water too long.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Well, if the river's as cold as my nose,
UNK: Lanie Parish : I'd ballpark it within the last 12 hours at most.
UNK: No ID, but he looks early 40s.
UNK: Lanie Parish : He's got a Navy tattoo on his arm
UNK: Lanie Parish : and a nasty crush injury along his temporal line.
Beckett : Any chance he went overboard?
Lanie : Classic indicators point to deliberate blunt force,
Lanie : so I'd say no, this was no boating accident.
UNK: Then we'd better close the beaches.
UNK: "No boating accident?"
Castle : Chief Brody?
UNK: Hooper?
UNK: Seriously?
Lanie : I'll zip his prints over to the precinct for an ID,
Lanie : but for what it's worth, I did find this.
Beckett : A Gamblers Anonymous medallion.
Lanie : Four years without a bet.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: "Ah!" What?
UNK: The East River? A GA chip?