UNK: Research. I'm gonna do that, too. Yeah.
Castle : It's called The Sidecar.
Castle : One of the best drinks to come out of the Prohibition era.
Castle : A time when getting a drink meant
Castle : secret doors, gangsters and bootleggers.
Martha : Rick, I'm loving this idea.
Alexis : You know, our town could use a throwback joint.
Castle : Mother, that's perfect
Castle : I was trying to come up with a Bogie reference myself.
UNK: All I could think of was "Castle-Blanca."
UNK: I thought it was a little too on-the-nose.
Alexis : I need a drink.
UNK: H-two-O. Dirty.
Castle : Tap water it is.
Martha : So, where's your dark shadow?
Alexis : She went out with some people she met at FIT.
Alexis : I was not invited.
Castle : I don't know whether to be delighted or outraged.
Alexis : Me neither.
Alexis : She's really defensive and she makes fun of everything that's important to me.
Alexis : I keep looking for the Gracie I knew, but she's just not there anymore.
Martha : Well, you're not the same girl you were back then either.
Martha : You know, maybe she's just responding to how you've changed.
Alexis : I haven't changed.
Martha : Oh, darling, please. Look at you.
Martha : You are tall, beautiful, sophisticated.
Martha : You have a glam Gram
UNK: and him and a boyfriend.
Martha : Did it ever occur to you that might be
Martha : rather intimidating to a girl from Kansas?
Alexis : Intimidated? When I asked where she got her gloves,
Alexis : she said it was a place I wouldn't go to.
Martha : Now, you took that as an affront
UNK: and she was just probably being self-deprecating.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. You know what, I think someone needs a virgin mojito.
Castle : Grab me some more mint. It's in the fridge.
Martha : Here's looking at you, kid.
Beckett : And you.
UNK: You could've told me you booby-trapped it.
Castle : Oh, yes, that's just how I protect my stash from G-men and mobsters.
Alexis : Mmm. At least help me reload them.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Reload.
UNK: Reload.
Castle : Beckett, I think I know how Donny was shot.
Beckett : Castle, CSU already swept through this entire basement,
Beckett : and we were just tucked in with my laptop.
UNK: We?
Beckett : Josh and I. He was helping me research.
Castle : Anyway, a dangerous time when Prohibition was law
Castle : and bootleggers, the lawless,
Castle : often going to extreme measures to protect their liquid treasure.
Beckett : - Can you get to the point? - Yes.
Castle : Do you remember when Donny jumped up
Castle : and rescued Annie from Pick-up Pete,
Castle : she said she completely missed him
Castle : when she was down here doing her safe drop.
Beckett : It was late, she was tired. I can relate.
UNK: Or maybe he wasn't down here at all.
Castle : Buckshot wall.
Castle : Wall directly opposite.
UNK: Help me move the shelf.
Beckett : And what exactly are we hoping to find?
Castle : The truth.
Castle : Same thing Donny was hoping for.
UNK: In all the stories that Leo ever told as bar historian,
Castle : what if he saved one story just for Donny?
UNK: A story that Leo himself could never verify,
UNK: because the trapdoor to the basement wasn't discovered until after he died.
Castle : When Billy Pitt decided to sell the bar,
Castle : and T.J. McChucklenuts was going to buy it,
Castle : Donny realized he had to find out before it was too late.
UNK: Find what?
Castle : Donny sold his union card and bet his life savings that Beau...
UNK: Come.
Castle : Help me. There we go.
Castle : That Beau James' secret stash really existed.
Castle : - Are you pushing? - I am pushing.
UNK: Okay, that's...
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : Oh, Castle.
Beckett : This is where Donny was when Annie made the drop.
Castle : Donny pulled on this door and blam said the lady.
Beckett : Do you hear that?
Castle : Rushing water.
Beckett : If that water leads to the East River,
Beckett : then that's probably where Donny was killed.
Castle : What are you doing?
UNK: We're gonna need a light, right?
Beckett : Not so fast, Indy.
UNK: We're also gonna need breathable air. So...
Castle : Torch would be more fun.
UNK: This must be a part of the old sewer system.
Castle : Probably used these as access tunnels during Prohibition.
Castle : It's incredible, isn't it?
UNK: Yeah. Aside from the fact that it is