Heisler : Murdered? Good Lord.
Beckett : We understand that he put an item up here for auction.
Beckett : We were wondering what it was.
Heisler : Are you familiar with a man by the name of Jimmy Walker?
Castle : Sure. Everybody knows Jimmy Walker.
Castle : No. The former Mayor of New York.
UNK: Took office in 1926. Went by the nickname "Beau James."
Castle : Famous for being a corrupt politician, renowned womanizer,
Castle : and also openly defiant of Prohibition.
Heisler : Ah! So you do know him.
UNK: What does the former mayor have to do with this?
Heisler : Donald had an item that once belonged to him.
Heisler : You see, Mayor Walker was rumored to have had a private liquor collection
Heisler : thought to contain one of the finest whiskeys ever distilled.
Castle : Unceremoniously dumped in the sewers
Castle : by federal agents when they ran him out of office.
Heisler : Donald came in with the sole surviving bottle.
Heisler : An 1875 St. Miriam, Rock of Scotland.
Heisler : I knew what it was the moment I saw the "JW" pressed into its wax seal.
Heisler : An 1875 St. Miriam? That is the Holy Grail of scotches.
UNK: I would kill for just a taste of that.
Beckett : Do you have a picture of this bottle of scotch?
Castle : Where did Donny get it?
Heisler : Left to him by his grandfather, Leo,
Heisler : who apparently was given it as a gift when he returned from World War II.
UNK: And there you have it.
UNK: And where is that bottle now?
UNK: It was sold for $26,000
Heisler : to an Internet millionaire called Jeffrey McGuigan.
UNK: A red glass bottle at 26 grand.
Castle : That is one expensive murder weapon.
Castle : How did you say this guy made his millions?
UNK: Internet gaming. Owns about 50 sites.
UNK: The guy spent 26K on a bottle of whiskey
Castle : he could treat himself to nicer digs.
Castle : What's his motivation?
Beckett : All I know is that this is about a body's throw away from the river.
UNK: Jeffery Mcguigan : Speedy Wok my ass. You're not even Speedy Wok.
Beckett : We're here about a purchase that was made at Hagen and Graham's.
UNK: Is there a Jeffrey McGuigan here?
Jeffery : I go by Magoo. It's my street name.
UNK: Seriously, you're Jeffrey McGuigan?
UNK: Magoo. And yeah, I purchased a ton of crap at that place. Come on in.
Castle : So, this piece of crap we're looking for, Magoo,
Castle : is a priceless red bottle of scotch.
Jeffery : It had a price, all right. Though it was pretty tasty.
UNK: Tasty.
UNK: You describe a 135-year-old bottle of scotch as "tasty"?
UNK: I mean, you know, after I mixed a little root beer.
Jeffery : Yeah. Okay, Magoo, let's see that bottle.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: You're just gonna walk into my crib and start bossing me around?
UNK: Well, I don't see it here.
UNK: You didn't happen to break the bottle over something?
UNK: Hey, what is this about?
Jeffery : You know, I may have dropped out of Cornell when my company went public,
Jeffery : but I still know my rights.
Beckett : That bottle that you purchased might have been used to commit murder.
Beckett : So unless you want to learn your Miranda rights,
UNK: you better quit stalling and show us where it is.
Jeffery : Yeah, okay, cool. I'm not stalling.
Castle : - Great. - Yeah.
Castle : You were throwing it out?
Jeffery : It's in the blue bucket. I recycle.
Beckett : Well, it's still intact.
Beckett : Unless a sliver of glass came out when it hit.
Jeffery : Man, nobody hit anybody.
Castle : Yes, well, keep mixing root beer with fine scotch, that may change.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Let's go.
UNK: - Just so you know. - Thank you.
Castle : Cretinous little uncultured palate doesn't deserve...
Castle : Did you hear what he said? Root beer.
UNK: If I was 15 years younger, I'd give that kid such a pinch.
Lanie : Same glass,
Lanie : but the shard in Donny's head is way too big to have come from this bottle.
Castle : Which means it can't be the only remaining bottle in the world.
Beckett : Clearly not.
Castle : Which means I still have a shot at getting a taste.
Beckett : Which means that Donny came across a second bottle.
Castle : Yeah. Upside his head.
Beckett : Okay, so, maybe Leo gave a bottle to a relative or a friend.
Beckett : And once Donny learned how much it was worth, he went after it.
UNK: And got more than he'd bargained for.
UNK: I think I'm gonna do a little research on Leo.
Beckett : See what we can dig up on Mayor Walker and his mystery whiskey.