Ryan : And that includes St. Patrick's Day.
UNK: What did I win?
UNK: Well, that depends on you, Pete.
UNK: You know my name, too... And did you just say murder?
UNK: Your driver's license said you're from up in Cortland.
Esposito : What, they don't have any bars up there,
Esposito : or did you get eighty-sixed from them, too?
UNK: The city's where I work. You know, like drywall, like pipe-setting.
Pete : And I do some of my best pipe-laying after work,
Pete : if you know what I mean.
Esposito : You own a shotgun, Pete.
Esposito : You like hunting, do you?
Pete : Wait a minute. You after me for murdering a two-point buck?
Ryan : Nah. We're after you for your little dust-up
Ryan : at The Old Haunt two weeks ago.
Esposito : The Old Haunt! That's where I was last night.
Pete : Donny wouldn't let me in because of that bitch bartender.
Pete : For the record, she came on to me.
Ryan : That why you came back and you killed him?
Ryan : Because you were drunk and angry and he wouldn't let you in?
Pete : Donny's dead?
UNK: What did you really do last night, Pete?
UNK: Whoa, hey. Why would I kill the guy?
Esposito : Maybe because he trashed your truck.
Ryan : And you were too drunk to shoot straight
UNK: the last time you came after him with a shotgun.
Pete : Shotgun? Look, he trashed my truck. So what?
Pete : He more than paid for the damages.
Esposito : - He what now? - After he pounded my truck,
Pete : I started calling the cops.
Pete : Well, he calmed down real fast, and out came this fat wad
Pete : and he peeled off a cool grand like it was nothing.
UNK: Donny gave you $ 1,000?
Pete : He had plenty more.
Pete : I asked him, "What, did you score Lotto?"
UNK: And he was all like, "Yeah, sort of."
Pete : You can ask my repair guy, I paid with Donny's cash.
Ryan : Don't go anywhere. I'm gonna make a call.
UNK: Don't worry. We're gonna get this guy.
Ryan : Pete's alibi holds.
Ryan : He was sleeping it off at a friend's apartment over in Murray Hill.
UNK: It's weird that a guy who had only $6.23 in his bank account
Esposito : had enough cash on hand to peel off a G like it was nothing.
Ryan : Not to mention all the repairs he made to the bar.
Beckett : Maybe he was skimming, too.
Castle : If he was skimming that much,
Castle : there'd have to be someone he wasn't paying.
Castle : A supplier, distributor.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go back to The Old Haunt
Beckett : and take a look at Donny's ledgers?
Beckett : Let's find out where that money was coming from.
Uniform : - Here you go, Detective. - Thank you.
Beckett : So CSU processed that bar and basement
Beckett : and there's no indication of any broken red glass.
Beckett : And the only blood they found was under the buckshot.
Castle : So it wasn't our murder scene.
UNK: Well, looks like Donny left that bar alive.
UNK: You know, I don't get it.
UNK: If Donny got shot down here and he didn't do anything wrong,
Ryan : why didn't he report it?
Esposito : The last thing any new bar owner wants is trouble with the cops.
Esposito : Even an accidental shooting on the premises
Esposito : could have cost Donny his liquor license for good.
Ryan : Probably why he shelled out for Pete's truck damage, too.
Espsotio : I don't see how.
Espsotio : His personal account isn't the only thing that's tapped out.
Espsotio : The Old Haunt was barely breaking even. Operating at a loss most days.
Espsotio : There's no way he was throwing money around.
UNK: And yet he was.
Ryan : I've got invoices here.
Ryan : One for the new brass rail and one for the new wood for the bar.
Ryan : Each totaling close to six grand.
Ryan : Both of them are stamped, "Petty cash, paid in full."
Esposito : Nothing petty about that.
UNK: Sure there's nothing in there about him winning the Lotto?
UNK: Actually,
Esposito : maybe there is.
Beckett : A consignment receipt from Hagen and Graham auction house?
Castle : Why's a guy like Donny doing business
Castle : with a place that sells Picassos and Rembrandts?
Ryan : His business was barely breaking even,
Ryan : he was on the verge of losing everything.
Esposito : And with his union card gone, it looks like he found something else to sell.
Castle : Yeah, but what?
UNK: What does a dockworker have that's valuable enough
Castle : for a place like Hagen and Graham's to be interested?
Beckett : Maybe something that wasn't his.
Castle : Now here's a place that honors history and values craftsmanship.
Beckett : You're pretty into this whole preserving history stuff, huh?
UNK: I think just lately I've just been noticing the changes.
Beckett : You mean in Alexis' Goth friend?
UNK: Nah, I was thinking more along the lines of Times Square.
UNK: You know, once it had a real New York grit and character.
Castle : And now they should just call it "Times Square Land."
UNK: Steven Heisler : So sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm Steven Heisler, Associate Director.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : We were wondering if you recognize this man.
Heisler : Yes, Donald Hayes.
UNK: We don't get many dockworkers here, as you might imagine.
Heisler : What's this about?
Beckett : He was murdered.