UNK: $ 1,300 in the back.
UNK: Do I hear $ 1,350?
UNK: $ 1,350.
UNK: $ 1,350.
Heisler : Do I hear
UNK: 14...
Beckett : He told Heisler about the Beau James stash and Heisler got greedy.
Castle : He convinced Donny that the whiskey would fetch a better price
UNK: if he sold a bottle at a time.
Castle : So Donny left the stash where he found it.
Beckett : And that gave Heisler enough time to figure out where it was hidden.
Beckett : When Donny caught him in the vault, Heisler panicked, hit him with a bottle.
Esposito : Yo. We figured out how Heisler disappeared on you in the tunnel.
Castle : Secret passageway?
UNK: Basically.
Esposito : He had a hidden entrance that could only be opened from the other side.
Esposito : CSU followed it from the street to the abandoned sewer to the tunnel,
Esposito : just like Mayor Walker had drew it up.
UNK: Here's three cases that Heisler hadn't gotten around to selling yet.
UNK: At 26 Gs a pop, you're looking at just under a cool million.
UNK: And I just, I mean, how might I acquire one of these for myself?
Beckett : Castle, I told you. They're evidence.
UNK: Yes. But who's to say today's evidence can't be tomorrow's nightcap?
Montgomery : That would be me.
Montgomery : Now, I'm sure it'll be a few months before we can figure out
UNK: where this and the rest of the stuff belongs.
UNK: Montgomery. Yup.
Gracie : Look at you.
UNK: Isn't it cool?
Alexis : Gracie took me shopping at this place I never even knew existed
UNK: and it's right down the street from here.
Alexis : They had the greatest stuff. She has a really good eye.
Gracie : Well, Alexis looks good in everything.
Castle : I'm glad you two reconnected.
UNK: We just had to get to know the new us-es.
UNK: Neither of us are 10 anymore.
UNK: It reminded me of the good old days.
Gracie : Before life got too real, you know?
Castle : I do know.
UNK: I'm gonna walk her to the train.
UNK: Bye.
Alexis : Gram's waiting downstairs.
Castle : Thanks for the warning.
Beckett : Wow. I remember that phase.
UNK: That's about when I got my tattoo.
UNK: You got a tattoo?
UNK: Where?
Montgomery : Just heard from the DA, Castle.
UNK: Apparently, since all of these bottles used to belong to Beau James,
Montgomery : and he used to be our Mayor, it's her opinion that they're owned by the city.
Montgomery : But, she says if you're willing to make a generous donation
Montgomery : to the NYPD Widows and Orphans Fund,
Montgomery : you can have one of Beau James' best for your very own.
Montgomery : This is early Christmas, baby!
UNK: May I? I was not expecting this.
Esposito : Are you crying?
Castle : Yes. I don't know what to say.
UNK: Try, "Let me get my checkbook."
Castle : Yes. Of course, of course.
Castle : But I will only accept this if you all share it with me.
Montgomery : Twist my arm.
Castle : No, not here.
Castle : At The Old Haunt. We will toast to Donny with his family.
Ryan : Yeah. What about that place? What happens to The Old Haunt?
UNK: It's gonna go back to the bank.
UNK: Which means T.J. McChucklenuts is gonna get another shot at it.
Castle : I wouldn't worry about The Old Haunt.
Beckett : You bought it, didn't you?
Castle : So, you joining us?
Beckett : You know, I'd love to.
Beckett : It's late and I've got a lot of paperwork.
UNK: It's 9 : 00 on a Saturday.
UNK: 9 : 15, actually.