UNK: Cherries are ten, limes, what, twenty?
Castle : At night's end, you tally up your fruit
Castle : so you know how much to put into your tip cup
Castle : before you lock the register.
Castle : So, what happened, Brian? Donny catch you stealing?
Castle : Things get physical?
UNK: Over an extra 30 or 40 bucks?
UNK: That's not even stealing, it's skimming. Donny understood.
Beckett : The owner understood?
Brian : We'd all been family long enough,
Brian : Donny knew I had to get creative to make my rent once in a while.
Beckett : I'd like to see his office.
Brian : Sure. It's in the basement.
Brian : The basement?
Castle : I've never seen this.
Brian : No one knew it was there until the flood of '98.
Brian : Billy Pitt pulled up the old linoleum. There it was.
Castle : A hidden basement. How cool is this?
Castle : Did I say cool?
Castle : Make that awesome.
Castle : Perfect place for a murder. No one can hear you scream.
Beckett : No one can help you carry the body up the stairs either.
Castle : Maybe somebody marched Donny at gunpoint down to the river
UNK: and killed him there.
UNK: If the killer had a gun, why would he use a bottle?
Castle : Don't ruin my story with your logic.
Beckett : It smells like fresh paint.
UNK: Yeah, Donny had been putting in a lot of work to fix the place up.
Brian : New brass rail, refurbished wood on the bar.
Castle : You find something?
Beckett : These are buckshot holes.
Beckett : - You own a shotgun, Brian? - No.
UNK: CSU's gonna comb this place from top to bottom.
Beckett : Blood, buckshot, broken red glass.
Beckett : - So if you have something to say... - Look,
Brian : if a shotgun was fired down here,
UNK: everybody in the bar would know about it.
UNK: Not if it was after hours.
UNK: We're talking about two or three weeks ago.
Beckett : Did Donny have a beef with anyone then?
Brian : You said two weeks ago?
UNK: Yeah. It was a couple weeks ago. I was closing up alone.
UNK: Annie Swift : I had just done my cash drop down in the basement safe
UNK: Annie Swift : and I came up and some guy was knocking on the door.
UNK: Annie Swift : Pick-up Pete.
Castle : Pick-up Pete? Big hit with the ladies?
Annie : No, he drives a pick-up.
Martha : - Ah! - Gun rack?
Annie : Yeah. Regular upstate redneck.
Annie : Anyway, he said that he dropped his wallet in the booth,
Annie : so I let him in.
Annie : Next thing you know, he's got his hands all over me,
Annie : he's pushing me against the bar.
Annie : All of a sudden, the basement door pops open
Annie : and here comes Donny like Hemingway's ghost.
Annie : Guess I missed him down there, but I'm glad he showed up when he did.
Annie : He grabbed a baseball bat, chased Pete out.
UNK: He smashed his taillights, put a few dents in the pick-up for good measure
Annie : before the jackass could drive off.
Annie : Donny told me to go home and to forget about it.
Annie : He said that Pete was eighty-sixed for life.
Annie : That was the last time we talked about it. Until last night.
Beckett : And what happened last night?
Annie : Pete showed up again. Donny wasn't having any of it.
Annie : He just threw that trash out,
Annie : said the next time it wouldn't be the truck he used the bat on.
Beckett : So Donny eighty-sixed Pete for life.
Castle : Looks like Pete returned the favor.
Beckett : Pick-up Pete, a.k.a. Pete Mucha.
Beckett : He's got a couple of dismissed domestic assault charges
Beckett : and he is also the proud owner of a Remington 870 shotgun.
Beckett : And Ryan and Esposito are bringing him in now.
UNK: What do you think of "The Castillion"?
UNK: For?
Castle : The Old Haunt just reminded me of how vital tavern culture is in this town.
Castle : I thought why not open up a little tavern of my own.
UNK: So instead of buying a drink, you're gonna buy a whole bar?
Castle : - My way of giving back. - Yeah.
UNK: To your ego.
UNK: - "The Ego." Someone call the police.
UNK: Let me go, I'm perfectly fine!
Beckett : Pick-up Pete, I take it?
Esposito : Yeah. We found him getting tossed out of a bar uptown.
UNK: And just like the shotgun in his truck, he's a little loaded.
Beckett : Well, maybe a murder charge will sober him up.
UNK: Yup. Come on.
UNK: "The Castle."
UNK: Just have a wee drawbridge to let you in.
UNK: Congratulations, Pete, you're our drunkest murder suspect this year.