Beckett : a fight breaks out and the killer grabs the only weapon available.
Castle : Striking the fatal blow.
UNK: And it looks like our killer dragged the body
Beckett : right back out the same way.
Beckett : Look at this. All the way down. Then it travels all the way...
Castle : This tunnel has everything.
Castle : Secret scotch vault, private murder nook, convenient sewage disposal.
Beckett : I bet you this water leads straight to the East River.
UNK: This is fairly bright. Someone's been here in the past few hours.
Ryan : Police! Don't move!
Beckett : Stop! NYPD!
UNK: This way. This way.
Beckett : Where did he go?
Castle : He was right in front of us. I heard him.
Beckett : This is a dead end. He couldn't have gotten past us.
UNK: There is no other way he could have gotten out.
Beckett : So how did he get away?
Montgomery : What do you mean, gone?
Beckett : He was right there in front of us, and then, nothing but a brick wall.
Montgomery : There's no way this guy could have gotten past you two
UNK: and snuck out through The Old Haunt?
Beckett : No. It was too narrow.
Castle : Brian the bartender and a handful of regulars were still upstairs.
UNK: They swear no one came up before we did.
UNK: We think that our spirit-loving Mayor didn't want to be seen
Beckett : going back and forth from his favorite speakeasy
UNK: so he had a back-way entrance built to his stash.
Castle : Hidden from view. And, trust me, we looked.
UNK: Yo! Just got off the phone with Lanie.
Esposito : She confirms the blood on the broken bottle is Donny's.
Esposito : It's definitely our murder weapon.
Ryan : But we've run the prints and we still came up empty.
Ryan : No matches to anyone at The Old Haunt or in our system.
UNK: It took 70 years to find the way down to those tunnels from The Old Haunt,
Montgomery : and somehow our killer finds another way in. How?
Beckett : There's gotta be another access point
Beckett : from the tunnel to the East River sewer line.
Beckett : Sewer Bureau's map doesn't have anything.
UNK: It's like Con Ed doesn't even know those tunnels exist.
Castle : That's because these are modern sewer lines.
Castle : Any of the old sewer lines that didn't get patched in
Castle : when the new ones were built, they just got bricked up and abandoned.
UNK: It's like old subway lines.
Montgomery : There are whole stations underground no one's seen for decades.
Beckett : So, basically we need to take a look at an old sewer map
UNK: and once we figure out where our killer disappeared to,
Beckett : we might be able to find some witnesses on the other end.
Montgomery : Then let's find that map.
UNK: Now this place could use a little gentrification.
UNK: Or, at the very least, a copy machine.
Beckett : It's the Pre-World War II Archives section, Castle.
Beckett : Half of this probably hasn't been seen in over 70 years.
Beckett : Lower East Side, 1920.
Beckett : That's about when Prohibition was getting started.
Castle : You see how much nicer the neighborhood was back then?
Beckett : You think that little box there might be the Old Haunt?
Castle : Yeah. That's where it would be.
Castle : Not long after its bordello phase. You can still see the little garter belts.
Beckett : Okay, there's a sewer line running under it that wasn't on the newer map.
Beckett : So, that's gotta be our tunnel.
Castle : Which would put Walker's whiskey right about here.
UNK: The man could grab himself a bottle, come and go without ever being seen.
Beckett : But come and go from where? Where did he start from?
Castle : Here's where our tunnel ends and our killer vanished.
Castle : There's one, two, three sewer lines that branch off from that point.
UNK: Any of which our killer could have accessed to get away from us.
UNK: So, if we can figure out exactly where the three sewers end,
UNK: we can subpoena traffic cams around the time the killer got away.
UNK: Maybe get an ID.
Castle : Or maybe we won't need any of that.
UNK: You said no one has laid eyes on these maps in over 70 years.
Castle : Only it says here, someone checked this one out just two weeks ago.
UNK: And I'd bet a bottle of Beau James's whiskey that someone was trying
Castle : to make their way back to the mayor's stash just like we are.
Castle : Going once... Going twice...
Heisler : Sold to the gentleman in the back.
UNK: Next up, I have a marvelous 1955 Chateau Restivo Blanc
UNK: and we'll start the bidding at $ 1,200. Do I hear $ 1,200?
UNK: There's $ 1,200.
UNK: Do I hear $ 1,250?
UNK: $ 1,250 there.
UNK: $ 1,300?