Ryan : Yeah, but he says he hasn't heard from Donny for months.
Beckett : So then, maybe Castle was right.
Beckett : If Donny was desperate enough to sell his union card,
Beckett : then maybe he fell off the wagon and got in over his head.
UNK: Yeah, to the tune of 25 grand.
Esposito : Yo! That'd be low-balling it, bro.
Esposito : Donny's account shows that he deposited
UNK: Vyro's check about a month ago,
Esposito : adding it to his existing balance of $ 125,000.
UNK: All of which, wait for it,
Esposito : is now gone.
Esposito : - Gone? - All of it?
Esposito : Except for the remaining balance of $6.23.
UNK: All the 150K was spent in one giant check
Esposito : made payable to a Wilbur Pittorino.
Esposito : Listed here as owning several properties
UNK: as well as a waste management business in Garfield, New Jersey.
Castle : Oh! Waste management.
Beckett : Any priors?
Esposito : Yeah. Back in 1977,
Esposito : Billy Pitt spent ten years in Federal for assault and racketeering.
Lanie : And what?
UNK: Racketeering.
Esposito : As well as shaking down business owners
Esposito : where he operated his bookmaking operation.
Castle : - His what now? - Bookmaking operation.
Castle : Oh, so an ex-gambler
UNK: dumps his life-savings on an ex-con, ex-bookmaker
UNK: and ends up ex-ed out.
Beckett : Sounds like Donny was late with his 150 grand for Billy Pitt
Beckett : and he ended up paying for it with his life.
Castle : I think I just said that.
Beckett : You know, you might have gotten a little grayer, Mr. Pitt,
Beckett : but it seems to me you haven't changed much at all.
UNK: Billy Pitt : Must be all them Pilates classes.
Beckett : Do you recognize this check?
Billy : Of course. It's from Donny Hayes. So?
Beckett : So I'm wondering if Donny didn't owe you more money
UNK: and you didn't flashback to your old racketeering days.
UNK: Tap the brakes, sweetie.
Billy : Whatever the hell you dragged me down here for, I want to tell you now,
Castle : This guy is gold.
UNK: Donny.
Billy : Is this about Donny?
Beckett : He was found dead in the East River this morning.
Beckett : Now, back to the money. What was it for?
Beckett : Was it a payment or was it a gift?
Billy : - A purchase. - For?
Billy : He bought my bar. Downtown. He loved the place.
Beckett : Really? Enough to drop everything and dump his whole life savings into it?
Billy : Kid was practically raised in the joint by his grandfather, Leo the Legend.
Billy : Leo the Legend?
UNK: You've heard of the guy?
UNK: City's best bartender since the days when "gay" meant "happy."
Billy : He was the only father that Donny knew.
Beckett : And where do I find Leo?
Billy : Resting in an old silver shaker behind the bar.
Billy : Leo was kind of the bar historian and when he kicked in '97,
Billy : we figured, "Hey, why not make him part of it?"
Castle : Ashes behind the bar.
Beckett : Which is why Donny decided to buy the... What is it called?
Esposito : - The Old Haunt. - Haunt.
Esposito : The Old Haunt?
Castle : Don't tell me you've never been to The Old Haunt.
Castle : It's legendary. All the great writers drank there.
Ryan : We're cops. We go to cop bars.
Castle : Your loss.
Billy : Donny was there every night, anyhow. We were all the family he had.
Beckett : So what prompted the sudden sale?
Beckett : I mean, it seemed like Donny had to gather money pretty quickly.
Billy : The bar had been weighing down my ledger sheets for years.
Billy : I had an offer from one of them T.J. McChucklenuts franchises,
Billy : when Brian, my bartender, put together some investors
Billy : and made an offer of his own.
UNK: I was gonna sell it to him and then Donny outbid him.
Beckett : And how did Brian feel when Donny bought the place?
Billy : He wasn't thrilled about it,
Billy : but at least he wasn't working for T.J. McChucklenuts.
Beckett : Lanie just swabbed the shard of glass and found trace amounts of alcohol.
Castle : A container of alcoholic beverage, a resentful bartender.
Beckett : And given the location of The Old Haunt,
Beckett : a potential crime scene just two blocks away from the river.
Castle : Convenient for all your body dumping needs.
UNK: So, Castle, can I buy you a drink?
Castle : Why, Detective Beckett, I thought you'd never ask.
Beckett : So, how well do you know this bar, Castle?
Castle : I haven't been here in years, not since Alexis,
UNK: but I wrote most of my first novel in one of these booths.
Beckett : Okay, well that explains a lot.
Castle : It sold over three million copies.