Castle : Relapsed gambler gets in too deep with his bookie,
Castle : ends up floating in the drink.
Beckett : Are you kidding me? You just went from Gamblers Anonymous to mob hit?
Castle : This is the most celebrated body depository
Castle : this side of the Jersey wetlands.
Castle : Mark my words. This guy has mob ties.
Castle : Case closed.
UNK: Javier Esposito : No mob ties.
Castle : Are you sure?
Castle : Good work.
Esposito : According to his fingerprints, his name is Donald Hayes,
Esposito : Navy veteran, served in Desert Storm and he's been a dockworker since '94.
UNK: And somehow still employed as one.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Our victim, Donny Hayes, currently clocked in
UNK: Kevin Ryan : and on duty at the East Side docks.
Castle : Which either means he's an incredibly dedicated zombie...
Beckett : Or he's a suspect in our murder.
Beckett : Donny? Mr. Hayes?
Esposito : Donald Hayes!
Castle : What's the matter? You forget your own name?
Ryan : Police! Don't move!
Esposito : The man said don't move.
UNK: Grant Vyro : Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're just cops?
UNK: Grant Vyro : Just cops?
Beckett : I guess that makes you just under arrest for murder.
UNK: First name : Grant, last name : Vyro.
Grant : - I didn't kill anybody. - Then why did you run?
UNK: I thought youse were union.
Beckett : So we're not the only ones
UNK: who have a problem with you killing Donny for his union card.
Grant : What are you talking about? I bought that card.
Beckett : Do you really expect us to believe that you bought Donny's card,
Beckett : assumed his identity and thought no one would notice?
UNK: Guy spent 16 years working over on the West Side.
Grant : So, I switched to the East Side docks
Grant : so no one who knew Donny would catch on.
Castle : So, what does a union card go for nowadays?
Castle : Since, buying someone else's is illegal.
UNK: Sucker cost me 25 grand.
UNK: Oh, come on, Vyro. Dockworkers rake in over six figures a year.
Beckett : Why would Donny trade it in for so little?
Castle : Unless he had a gun to his head, in which case it'd be a bargain.
Grant : There were no guns. I needed a job. Donny needed cash.
Lanie : - For what? - He didn't say and I didn't care.
UNK: Beckett.
Lanie : I was right about the blunt force trauma.
Lanie : A single blow caved in the ridge here along Donny's squamosal suture.
Lanie : And whatever did the damage,
Lanie : was kind enough to leave this shard of red glass imbedded in his skull.
UNK: Maybe a heavy vase or a bottle?
Beckett : I'll have Forensics take a look at it. See if they can find a match.
Lanie : Based on lividity and water temp,
Lanie : I've narrowed time of death to between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 a.m. this morning.
Beckett : - What happened here on the shoulder? - Buckshot.
UNK: I found several double-ought pellets lodged in the flesh of his left arm.
Castle : So someone conked him on the head and shot him?
Lanie : That's where it gets weird.
Lanie : Scarring indicates the pellets have been there about two to three weeks.
Castle : And he just left them in there?
Lanie : Well, he certainly didn't seek treatment.
Lanie : Could have been he was in something illegal,
Lanie : or scared of whoever shot him.
Beckett : Or both.
Ryan : His alibi cleared and we tracked down his personal check for $25,000.
Ryan : Endorsed and deposited by Donny last month.
Castle : Vyro paid Donny with a check?
UNK: Not mobby enough for you, Castle?
Ryan : CSU's still combing Donny's place, but no broken red glass,
Ryan : no signs of foul play and no next of kin either.
Beckett : What about the Gamblers Anonymous chip? Any sponsor?