Beckett : No, I mean, why you're so excited.
UNK: Well, it's loaded with history.
Castle : First, as a blacksmith, then as a bordello.
Castle : It only became a bar during the Prohibition as a speakeasy
Castle : and it was one of the best.
Castle : I swear, you can still feel the vibration
Castle : of every notorious episode of glamour and debauchery in its walls.
Beckett : Easy, Castle, it's just a bar.
Castle : No, no. T.J. McChucklenuts is just a bar.
Esposito : The Old Haunt is the last of a dying breed.
UNK: Proud institutions standing up to ruthless gentrification.
Castle : It's a classic...
Castle : What are you doing?
UNK: Well I'm not gonna get much out of Brian looking like a cop.
Castle : Undercover. I like it.
UNK: You might wanna pop one more button, just in case.
Castle : This is how a bar should smell.
Beckett : Mmm. Yeah. Stale beer.
Castle : You know, I'd write in more bars if there were more bars like this.
Castle : Nice to see you, Eddie. Been a long time.
Castle : Thank you for remembering.
Castle : Come over here. Check out the Wall of Fame.
Castle : Who is that handsome devil just two over from Hemingway,
Beckett : Oh, my goodness, Castle. You were so cute back then.
Beckett : Back then?
Castle : A lot of memories.
Beckett : That's Old Leo. Which would make that young Donny.
Beckett : But I don't see any red bottles.
Beckett : - What are you looking at? - Nothing.
Brian : Welcome to The Old Haunt, folks.
Beckett : Is Donny here by any chance?
Brian : Not yet, but he will be.
Brian : And he won't mind one bit that you're sitting in his regular spot.
Beckett : You know, I knew this place felt right for a reason.
Beckett : I'm Kate, I'm one of his old friends.
Beckett : And this is Rick.
UNK: Brian.
Brian : And any old friend of Donny is a new friend of mine.
Beckett : Tell me, Brian,
Beckett : you don't, by any chance, carry a liqueur.
Beckett : It's really delicious and it comes in this red bottle.
UNK: Oh, yeah, that red bottle we shared
Castle : down in that little cantina in Tierra del Fuego?
Brian : Red, huh?
Brian : Let's see.
Brian : No red here.
Brian : Just your standard brown, green and clear.
Brian : Let me check the other end of the bar.
Beckett : Did you see that?
Castle : How could I miss it. Can't he see we're together?
UNK: Undercover.
UNK: No. His reaction when I mentioned Donny.
Beckett : I don't think he knows.
Castle : - Maybe he's just a good liar. - No luck.
Brian : Maybe I could interest you in a blue vodka?
Beckett : Oh, no. Thank you. Way too early for vodka.
Brian : Think about it, folks. I'll be back in a second.
Beckett : Actually, Brian, we're not really here for a drink.
Brian : How could Donny be dead? I was just with him last night.
Beckett : What time was that?
UNK: 4 : 30 a.m. I locked up on my way out
Brian : and Donny went to do the books in the office like always.
Beckett : Are you sure he was alone when you left?
UNK: Positive.
Wife : This is crazy. That guy was like a brother to me.
Castle : Even though he bought the bar out from under you?
Brian : You know about that?
Castle : I mean, he didn't even offer you to be a partner.
Castle : That doesn't sound very brotherly to me.
Brian : Hey, any beef I had with Donny was short-lived.
Brian : We hashed it out.
Castle : So now you're just stealing from him?
Martha : - What? - What?
Castle : Couldn't help but notice your trick with the fruit, Brian.
Castle : You pretend to ring up a drink, you stuff the money in the till
Castle : and you keep track of it by throwing pieces of fruit into the sink.