Wilson : Let's see. I'm thinking, Colonel Mustard,
UNK: in the music room with a candlestick.
House : There's no music room. It's the conservatory.
Wilson : - Same thing. - No, it isn't.
House : If we don't find out what she's using and start treatment immediately,
House : - he'll be dead in a week. - If you're right.
Wilson : If Foreman's right, you'd have basically raped an innocent woman.
Wilson : My wife fired the maid.
Wilson : Apparently she's getting rid of everything that reminds her of me.
House : - You did your maid? - I was nice to our maid,
Wilson : which annoyed her, God knows why.
House : - Maybe she was doing her. - No one was doing her, all right?
House : But you still feel responsible?
House : Even though nothing or no one was done, it's still your fault.
Wilson : I offered to keep paying her salary until she found another job.
Wilson : But she refused to take any money without doing any work, so...
Wilson : You want someone to clean your apartment? It's on me.
House : You're supposed to be moving out, not moving more people in.
Wilson : She's not moving in, she's gonna clean.
UNK: Maybe I should move out, and the two of you could...
Maria : Oh, God!
Maria : - Oh, God, no! - Call a code!
UNK: Please!
Foreman : Charging 360. Give him Epi.
UNK: Clear!
Cameron : - Still no pulse. - Charging! Clear!
Cameron : I got a pulse.
Cameron : Pupils are reactive. You still with us?
Foreman : He was without oxygen for less than a minute. It can't be hypoxia.
Foreman : Could be a stroke.
Cameron : Bob, can you hear me?
Foreman : - Back up. - Bob, talk to me. Bob! Honey, please!
Cameron : Bob, can you hear me?
Maria : - He's awake. - Can you hear me?
UNK: Honey?
UNK: Honey.
Wilson : Yes, she is quite the little actress.
House : So, let's say she's not poisoning him.
Foreman : There's nothing more to discuss. We've got lung and kidney failure,
Foreman : neurological symptoms and now, cardiac arrest.
Foreman : A systemic disease with multi-organ involvement is the definition of lupus.
UNK: Auto-immunosuppressants aren't helping.
Chase : We should start him on cyclophosphamide. See if it makes a difference.
House : Yeah, and interferon.
Foreman : Interferon isn't an approved treatment for lupus.
Cameron : You're not still thinking...
Foreman : Interferon isn't an approved treatment for heavy metal toxicity, either.
House : True. But it's pretty much the only thing we can do for a viral infection.
House : - We didn't consider it because... - Because it doesn't make sense.
Foreman : - There's no fever. - Because he's got no immune system.
House : Thanks to the immunosuppressants you prescribed for lupus treatment.
Cameron : He didn't present with a fever, either.
House : Because at that point, he was a post-viral autoimmune reaction,
House : which again, thanks to the immunosuppresants
House : you prescribed for lupus treatment.
House : His immune system basically rolled out the red carpet for the dormant virus,