House : How much beans and rice do you think you'd have to eat
House : from a ceramic pot painted with lead-based paint
UNK: to get enough lead into your system to damage your lungs?
Wilson : - Are we talking a child, or an adult? - Adult.
Wilson : Then I would say a lot.
Wilson : You'd have to eat beans every day for months.
Wilson : Now, why do you have a season pass to the New Yankee workshop?
House : It's a complete moron working with power tools.
House : How much more suspenseful can you get?
UNK: I'm... I was watching something.
House : No, you were about to watch something.
House : I'm watching something. See the difference?
Maria : If the water was contaminated, wouldn't I be sick, too?
Foreman : People can metabolize toxins at different rates.
Foreman : We'll test it to be sure.
Foreman : - Have you done any recent renovations? - No.
UNK: Have any problem with bugs or rodents?
Maria : Just the occasional ant.
Foreman : Use bug spray?
Maria : No, I hate the smell.
Maria : Luckily both of us are pretty anal about keeping things clean.
Foreman : Yeah, I can tell.
House : You think ants are the problem?
Cameron : Can you stop stuffing your mouth with pancakes for one second?
House : These aren't pancakes. These are macadamia nut pancakes.
House : Wilson made them and they're amazing.
Foreman : She says she doesn't use bug spray.
UNK: Like little silver dollar slices of heaven.
Foreman : - Some ants are poisonous, maybe... - Forget the 72 virgins.
House : If I blow myself up in a crowded restaurant,
UNK: I'm going to be asking for a plate of these babies.
UNK: Was the ant big and red or small and black?
UNK: - Medium and brown. - Halle Berry brown or Beyoncé brown?
Cameron : Is there a difference?
House : Army ants could devour, dissolve and eat a cow in a matter of hours.
House : Australian Bull ants, on the other hand,
House : nasty little bastards, but more of a nuisance than a threat.
House : - No surprise there. - Beyoncé.
House : Well, then that's not it.
House : How much clay did he eat at the resort?
Chase : It's a five-star, $400 a night place. They don't cook with ceramic pots.
House : Tox screen?
Cameron : No evidence of lead, mercury or arsenic.
House : Run them again. Call the resort, find some disgruntled employee to talk to.
House : - Go back to the home... - It's not heavy metals.
House : - The symptoms say it is. - The tests say it's not.
UNK: Who you going to believe? The symptoms or the test?
Chase : - It could also be a food allergy. - Cameron says it's not.
UNK: If your test could be wrong, why can't hers?
Cameron : His diet hasn't changed since he was a kid. His favorite food is cornflakes.
Chase : Which, I assume, he eats with milk,
Chase : one of the most common adult onset food allergies.
House : Start treating him for lead poisoning. It's the most likely heavy metal.
House : And, yeah, you can test him for allergies for dairy, wheat and legume.
UNK: Mrs. Lambert : I am not having an affair with my daughter's karate instructor
UNK: Mrs. Lambert : - and I did not give my husband herpes. - Find out where House is.
Maria : If you're convinced it's allergies,
Maria : why are you giving him drugs to treat lead poisoning?
Chase : We're not convinced of anything yet.
Bob : I think I need something else, this cream isn't working.
Chase : We're doing everything we can.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: No, no. It's not my back, it's my feet!
Bob : I think I stepped in something when I went to the bathroom.
UNK: Oh, it's on my socks. It's burning.
Maria : I don't see anything.
Bob : Please, take my socks off! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Bob : - Ow! Stop! Stop! Stop! - What did you just scratch him with?
Chase : If there was an allergic reaction, it would be on his back, not on his feet.
UNK: Oh, it's burning, please make it stop!
UNK: We need some gabapentin in here.
Chase : Excruciating pain in the lower extremities.
Chase : - Not a sign of a food allergy. - Means there's a neurological problem.
House : More significantly, it's yet another classic sign of heavy metals.