House : Unless, of course, you think we should be asking the patient
House : where his anus is first.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : It feels like I have to urinate and then when I try to go...
House : Pull up your pants.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : - It's my prostate, isn't it? - Nope, not your prostate.
House : - Herpes. - Herpes?
House : Herpes. Your turn.
House : If it makes you feel any better, half the patients who come into this place
House : - have some sort of crotch rot. - No, it doesn't.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : Look, this is impossible. I've been married for 20 years.
UNK: Have you had any sex in those 20 years?
UNK: Mr. Lambert : - Yes, of course. - Then that's how you got it.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : The only person I've had sex with is my wife.
UNK: Bummer.
House : Take this once a day. Tell your wife to do the same.
House : It's not going to cure it,
House : but it will lessen the frequency of the outbreaks.
UNK: Mr. Lambert : But there must be some mistake.
House : You got any kids?
Bob : - Yeah. - Any of them take guitar lessons?
Woman : - No. - Tennis? Art? Acting?
UNK: Mr. Lambert : My daughter does karate. Why?
House : Give this to her sensei.
House : - Oh, wait. Does your wife play tennis? - No.
House : That's what I figured. Never hurts to make sure.
House : For Miyagi.
Cameron : I'm gonna close the shutter now.
UNK: I need you to pant, kind of like a dog.
Cameron : That's good. Keep going.
Cameron : Can I ask you a personal question?
Maria : Uh, I guess.
Cameron : The threesome and the role-playing.
Cameron : Is that because things get boring?
UNK: No.
Maria : We just enjoy our fantasies.
Maria : - Are you married? - No.
Cameron : You can go back to taking the deep breaths now.
Maria : Marriages don't fail because couples get bored.
Maria : They fail because while they're dating,
Maria : people pretend to be the person
Maria : they think their partner wants, and then...
Maria : Well, there's only so long you can keep that up.
Cameron : Maybe they are that person while they're dating, but then they change.
Maria : People thinking their partner will change?
Maria : That's another reason marriages fail.
UNK: People don't change, at least not in any way that really matters.
Chase : I think you've had enough caffeine.
Foreman : You were right. It's not his throat, it's his lungs.
UNK: The plethysmograph revealed decreased lung capacity.
Chase : And the CT showed lung scarring.
Foreman : It's definitely interstitial pulmonary fibrosis.
Foreman : What's not definite is the cause. There's no arthritis, no sarcoidosis.
Foreman : He's not on any prescription meds. And he's a wedding photographer.
Foreman : So I doubt he got exposed to coal dust or asbestos at work.
Cameron : - Cause could be idiopathic. - Can't be idiopathic.
UNK: Idiopathic means without a known cause.
Cameron : What I meant was that...
House : What you meant was you don't know what the cause is.
House : Just say that and we can avoid this conversation.
House : No applause?
House : - What's his current condition? - Stable.
UNK: - Well, then we can wait. - Wait for what?
House : For whatever you can't figure out to cause something else.