UNK: You blow-dry your hair?
Wilson : Oh, sorry. Did I wake you up?
UNK: You blow-dry your hair?
Wilson : Excuse me for actually caring what I look like.
House : I think the word you're looking for is "obsessing."
House : You've been at it for almost an hour.
Wilson : If you wanted in, all you had to do was say so.
House : I don't want in. I want sleep!
UNK: It's about time you got up anyway. It's almost 9 : 00.
House : This isn't gonna work.
Woman : - What? - You staying here.
Wilson : You're kicking me out? After one night?
UNK: Why, you think we should try counseling first?
UNK: Why do you want to sleep on a couch anyway?
UNK: You got money. At least until the divorce is finalized.
Wilson : I'll be out of your hair tomorrow. What's left of it.
Bob : It was three days ago.
Bob : My throat got really dry and then my tongue
Bob : felt like it was blowing up like a balloon.
Cameron : I assume somebody checked for food allergies.
Bob : - The first two doctors both did. - Next one said it was a panic attack.
Maria : The one after that wanted to take his tonsils out.
Bob : The last one had no idea, just referred us to Dr. House.
UNK: It says the attack was preceded
Cameron : by some sort of strenuous physical activity.
Bob : - Yeah. - What were you doing?
UNK: Awesome.
House : A sex fiend with a swollen tongue.
House : Just think of all the places I can make Foreman search.
Cameron : He's not a sex fiend. He's a happily married man.
House : No such thing.
Cameron : What are you doing?
House : Testing a new caffeine delivery system.
Chase : He didn't get his beauty sleep.
Chase : Wilson's moved in and apparently has unusually loud toenails.
Foreman : If they're into rape fantasies,
UNK: S&M is on the menu as well.
UNK: Neck trauma could cause vocal cord paroxysms, which could cause choking.
Cameron : I didn't see any sign of trauma, and they were remarkably open.
Cameron : I asked about STDs
Cameron : and they admitted participating in a threesome a few months ago.
House : A hundred bucks says they're as miserable as the next couple.
Chase : Another guy, or girl?
Cameron : Girl. His wife's college roommate.
Chase : If he's not happily married, I don't know who could be.
UNK: They're looking for something. If you're happy, you've got nothing to look for.
Cameron : His wife arranged it for an anniversary present.
Cameron : If you ask me, if two people really trust each other,
Cameron : a threesome once every seven years might actually help a marriage.
UNK: OK, I say we stop the DDX and discuss that comment.
Cameron : I'll take the bet.
Chase : Maybe the first doctor was right. Food allergy explains the anaphylaxis.
Foreman : Could be neurological.
Foreman : Progressive bulbar paralysis would explain the symptoms.
Cameron : No. ALS would affect his facial muscles before his throat.
House : What if the problem's not in his throat?
Chase : That would be a little odd considering that's where all his symptoms are.
House : - Says who? - The patient.
UNK: And since most patients can't tell their ulna from their anus,
House : I'm guessing this guy also doesn't know the difference
House : between choking and suffocating.
House : His throat might be fine, his lungs might be messed up.
House : Get more blood, a chest CT and a body plethysmograph.