Wilson : Enjoying the salad?
House : - There's no lettuce. - I'm aware that there's no lettuce.
UNK: But do you know when I obtained this knowledge?
House : Actually, I'm in the middle of something. When I made it. For myself.
House : Well, how was I supposed to know?
UNK: Well, I was hoping this might tip you off.
House : That's kind of selfish, don't you think?
Wilson : I offered to make you some. You said no.
House : That was before I tasted the pancakes.
House : It's a compliment. You should be flattered.
UNK: Here.
Cuddy : It's Mrs. Lambert's herpes test results.
House : Mrs. who?
Cuddy : You've told more than one patient
Cuddy : his wife is sleeping with his daughter's karate teacher?
UNK: You wanna stir the pot, you have to clean up the mess.
House : What would you do if you got herpes?
UNK: She's coming in at 5 : 00. Don't make me come looking for you.
House : I'd know what you'd do. But I mean, a normal guy?
Cuddy : And don't be calling in sick, or saying that your team
Cuddy : needs you for some kind of emergency consult.
UNK: He suspected that maybe his wife had also been playing pickle games.
UNK: He could just keep it on the down low, just wait till she got infected.
Wilson : You'd give your own wife herpes, just to shift the blame?
Cuddy : He'd give his own mother herpes if it got him out of clinic duty.
House : Course, maybe it was the wife. Maybe she was the one who...
House : Where's Mrs. Nympho?
Cameron : She's waiting outside, why?
House : - Go search her. - What, you mean her medical records?
UNK: If I meant that, good chance I'd have said that.
Cameron : You think she's poisoning him?
House : His symptoms should be getting better the longer he's here.
House : Instead, they're getting worse.
Cameron : So, either she's poisoning him, or it's not heavy metals.
UNK: We've done over ten different heavy metal tox screens.
House : Because there's no reason to test for the other 30.
House : They don't get into the air or food.
House : They only get in you if someone puts them in you.
UNK: And the only way we're going to find out what she's sprinkling on his cornflakes
House : - is to search her. - I am not going to accuse a woman
Cameron : of trying to murder her own husband based simply on some paranoid theory.
House : It's the only explanation. We've eliminated every other possibility.
Cameron : We have not eliminated every other possibility!
UNK: Has he responded to the lupus treatment?
UNK: He's only been on it a few hours.
House : He hasn't responded because it's not lupus.
House : It's not allergies, ALS, arthritis or sarcoidosis.
House : She's all that's left.
House : Do it!
UNK: Hi.
House : I'm Dr. House.
House : - Mind if I take a look in your purse? - Why?
House : Because I'm going to need to search it and you
House : for whatever you're using to poison your husband.
Maria : Why would I want to hurt my husband?
House : Then you won't mind if I search your things.
Maria : Go ahead.
Maria : You satisfied?
Cuddy : Absolutely not!
House : She agreed to let me search everywhere else,
House : - but this she says no to. - Doesn't that tell you something?
Cuddy : Yes, that she doesn't want some lunatic doctor searching her vagina
Cuddy : - with a flashlight. - Cameron can do that.
Cameron : I am not going to...
House : The woman hasn't left since they arrived.
House : Whatever she's using, she's hiding somewhere.
Cameron : - She's not poisoning him! - It's the only explanation!
Cameron : No, it's the only explanation your twisted mind can come up with
Cameron : because you're angry that you can't find the answer,
Cameron : and you're taking it out on her.
House : And you are protecting a complete stranger
Cameron : based on some childishly romantic notion
House : that people are all so happily married they don't want to kill each other.
UNK: - You're calling me childish? - Grow up!
Cuddy : Shut up! Both of you. And stay away from his wife.
Cuddy : Sorry, I'm not giving you permission to assault someone.