Judy : This is such a nice surprise. Marshall will be so happy.
Lily : How are you holding up, Judy?
Judy : I'm doin' okay. It gets a little lonely.
Judy : My friends suggested a body pillow, but...
Judy : I'm not a lunatic.
Marshall : I hate to be that guy, but I'm pretty sure
Marshall : it was Hot Pocket o'clock, like, ten minutes ago.
Marshall : - What are you doing here? - I wanted to surprise you.
Marshall : My gosh, that's so sweet.
Marshall : I'm so glad you're here.
Marshall : Before I forget, Mom, did you remember to get more double-A batteries?
Judy : They're upstairs, sweetie. Right next to your washed and folded clothes.
Marshall : Great, okay. I don't want my Game Boy to crap out.
Marshall : I'm having the sickest Dr. Mario run of my life.
Marshall : I'll be right back. I love you, Lily.
Marshall : You're the best, Mom.
Judy : Anything for my baby bear.
Judy : Get him out of my house.
Judy : Take Marshall back to New York with you.
Judy : Please, I am begging you.
Lily : I thought he was here helping you.
Judy : He was, at first.
Judy : But once he saw me starting to do better, he kind of regressed.
Judy : He's been holed up in his room for days at a time,
Judy : playing old video games.
Judy : I mean, he is having a pretty sick Dr. Mario run, but...
Lily : - I'll talk to him. - I wanna be there for him,
Judy : but it's like he's a teenager again.
Judy : I even walked in on him abusing himself.
Judy : There he was, on the bed, looking at old photos of his dad.
Judy : That's emotional self-abuse, don't you think?
Ted : Listen, that was a dumb move for me to just assume...
Zoey : I overreacted. I mean,
Zoey : I invited you over to "bake cookies."
Zoey : - We both knew what that meant. - We totally did.
Zoey : I just, you know... I saw those slippers in your bag,
Zoey : and suddenly everything felt really serious. And...
Zoey : ever since, I've been asking myself,
Zoey : "Am I ready for this?"
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And...
Zoey : the answer is "yes."
UNK: - They're British morning socks. - Don't get in your own way.
Lily : Marshall, your mom asked me to carry this up.
Lily : She turned her ankle on your Hot Wheels.
Lily : Is my track okay?
Lily : It's fine, but, Marshall,
Lily : I thought you were here taking care of your mom.
Lily : It seems like she's taking care of you.
Marshall : My mom loves to feel needed.
Marshall : Letting her take care of me is how I'm taking care of her.
Marshall : She's in a dark place, Lily. She needs this.
Marshall : You forgot my chocolate milk with the swirly straw!
Judy : Comin' right up!
Marshall : She needs this.
Lily : Tomorrow's Valentine's.
UNK: Don't you wanna be at home on our couch,
Lily : cuddling up under a warm blanket,
Lily : watching the Predator use his heat vision