Barney : You're doing this all wrong!
Barney : Ted, there are couples in my kindergarten class
Barney : who have moved faster than you two.
Barney : Granted, their home lives are not great.
Ted : I'm trying. I keep suggesting these big, romantic dates,
Ted : and she keeps putting on the brakes.
Ted : Like tonight, she wants me to just come over and bake cookies.
Translation : booty-call.
Barney : Total booty-call.
Lily : Private Booty, reporting for duty.
Ted : That's crazy. She wants to bake.
UNK: Guys booty-call girls after 2 : 00 am with a drunkenly slurred,
UNK: "What ya doing?"
UNK: But when a lady booty-calls a guy,
UNK: she invents a respectable excuse
UNK: to mask the fact that she wants to get stuck real good.
Lily : It's called class, Ted.
Ted : Wait. That...
Ted : You think that's what she means by "baking cookies"?
Lily : Are you kidding?
Lily : You're in the kitchen, it's getting hot,
Lily : you start licking stuff off each others' fingers.
Lily : Before you know it,
Lily : she's bent over the marble island,
Lily : and you're spanking her with a rubber spatula.
Lily : And she's screaming, "Stop, Marshall, stop,"
Lily : but that's just code for "harder!"
Ted : Marshall's been in Minnesota a while, huh?
Lily : So long!
Lily : And now he's staying even longer.
Lily : His mom has been having a really hard time since the funeral.
Lily : He's waiting on her hand and foot.
Lily : But it's Valentine's Day. It's not gonna be the same
Lily : without the two of us watching Predator together.
UNK: I should explain. On their very first Valentine's Day,
UNK: Marshall and Lily set out to watch Sleepless in Seattle.
Marshall : You know, I saw this in the theater, like, five times,
Marshall : but I never got to see it with the right girl.
Lily : I'm so glad none of those girls were right for you.
Marshall : What girls?
UNK: If it bleeds, we can kill it.
UNK: Except Marshall's brothers had taped over it with Predator.
UNK: And it became a tradition.
Barney : You sound really lonely.
Lily : I am.
Lily : Earlier today, I burst into tears...
UNK: Daddy's talking now.
UNK: Loneliness.
UNK: The looming specter of Valentine's Day fast approaching.
UNK: The two key ingredients to my favorite day of the year,
UNK: February 13 :
Barney : Desperation Day.
Robin : - That's not a thing. - It's a thing.
Barney : Much like Valentine's Day itself,
Barney : Desperation Day dates back thousands of years.
UNK: Weddings were forbidden under ancient Roman law,
UNK: so Saint Valentine performed them in secret,
UNK: under threat of death.
Ted : - That's actually true. - Wait, there's more.
Ted : This won't be.
UNK: And right by Saint Valentine's side was his best bro,
UNK: Saint Desperatius,
UNK: there to pick off insecure bridesmaids.
UNK: Saint Desperatius : Check out that one.
UNK: Saint Desperatius : Her body is a perfect X.
UNK: Saint Valentine : Player, play on. High V.
Woman : Oh, Jupiter,
Woman : what are your plans for me?
Woman : 15 and still unmarried.
UNK: Saint Desperatius : And I thought Pompeii was smokin'.
Barney : Every woman wants a date on Valentine's Day.
Barney : That neediness reaches its climax... what up... on February 13.
Barney : A magical night
Barney : when a ten has the self-esteem of a four
Barney : and the depraved enthusiasm of a two.
Barney : Now, there's only one thing you can't do.
Robin : Please say "widows."
UNK: Wherever you are, or whoever you're under,
UNK: you must get home alone
UNK: by 11 : 59 pm.
UNK: Otherwise, you're on a date on Valentine's Day.
Robin : Barney, Desperation Day
Robin : assumes that all single women freak out about Valentine's Day.
Robin : Which we do not.
Robin : Case in point,
Robin : I will be spending February 13 with some lovely single ladies from work...
Barney : - Trolls. - ... who could care less
Robin : - about Valentine's Day. - Lying trolls.
Robin : And we will be celebrating the fact that we don't have to spend it
Robin : with some dippy guy carting around roses and stuffed toys all night.
Robin : No offense, Ted.
Ted : And none was taken until just then.
UNK: 6x16 - Desperation Day 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Lily : I decided to go to Minnesota
Lily : to see Marshall.
Lily : He shouldn't have to help his mom through this rough time all by himself.
UNK: - You losing your mind, being alone? - I'm getting weird!
UNK: See, it started off with me throwing Marshall's jersey on my body pillow.
UNK: And, well,
UNK: things kind of spiraled from there.
Lily : I'm sorry I yelled like that before.
Lily : I call him "Marshpillow." And he calls me...
Lily : Nothing because he's a pillow.
Robin : How was "baking cookies" last night?
UNK: That was a tough question. You see...
Zoey : Is that an overnight bag?
Lily : - You brought an overnight bag? - You said I was gonna spend the night.
UNK: We said you were gonna have sex. We didn't say, "Bring a carry-on."
Robin : So how did Zoey react?
Ted : She thought it was presumptuous and asked me to leave.
UNK: - I didn't brought a ton of stuff. - Were there slippers for the morning?
Ted : Not slippers, exactly.
Ted : They're called British morning socks.