Ted : more complicated. I just... I needed to take a step back.
Marshall : You're not taking a step back.
Marshall : You're running away.
Marshall : And hiding out here is not gonna solve anything.
Marshall : You're just holed up in Minnesota
Marshall : because you're too scared to face reality...
UNK: We gotta go back to New York, tonight.
Ted : We're snowed in. Lily got the last flight.
Marshall : So, we drive. It's time.
Marshall : It's time to get back to real life.
Marshall : It's time to grow up.
Marshall : Can you make us some PB and J's for the road?
Marshall : Crusts cut off!
Marshall : No, Ted. What are we...
Marshall : We're men.
Marshall : Leave the crusts on!
Marshall : They forced their opponents to scatter, picking them off, one by one,
Marshall : in a swift and merciless slaughter.
UNK: That is how Boy Scout Troop 15 became the 2010 Tri-County Champions.
Nora : - Laser tag sounds brilliant! - It is.
Barney : Plus, if you win, you get free pizza!
Barney : - This is my teammate for tomorrow. - Yeah, I agreed to that.
Nora : Where are Bev and Anna?
Bev : - So, we're taking off. - What?
Anna : Those guys are gonna buy us hot dogs at Grey's Papaya.
Robin : So that's it?
Robin : A couple of white Urkels offer you sausages, and you're gone?
Robin : What about the sisterhood?
Robin : Solidarity? The color purple?
Bev : But tomorrow's Valentine's Day.
UNK: I thought we didn't care about it.
Anna : You'll find someone, too.
Anna : You're a queen. You've got so much to offer.
Anna : Maybe do something with that hair.
Barney : I'm telling you.
Barney : The power of Valentine's Day.
Barney : I'm Huey Lewis, and you just heard the news.
Nora : I think I'm heading out, too.
Barney : What? No, don't go! You wanna see a magic trick?
Nora : It's late, and I have a date with my pillow.
Nora : I mean, not literally. I'm not a lunatic.
Nora : Boy Scout Troop 15 doesn't stand a chance.
Robin : Speaking of the power of Valentine's Day...
Barney : - What are you talking about? - Come on.
Robin : It's past midnight.
Robin : Desperation Day has come and gone,
Robin : and you have neither gone nor come.
Robin : You know why?
Robin : You like Nora.
Barney : No, I don't. She's gross.
Robin : You like her.
Robin : You think she smells like rain.
Barney : Whatever you say.
MARVIN : Here's a secret.
MARVIN : I couldn't see worth a damn, either, buddy.
MARVIN : I just kept driving forward, hoping for the best.
MARVIN : Look out!
MARVIN : Gotcha.
UNK: And so we drove through the night, out of Desperation Day and into Valentine's.
UNK: And there was no trace of my little freak out, except...
Zoey : Really? An overnight bag for your own living room?
Zoey : Looks like we got a matching set.
Ted : Well, that was kind of presumptuous.
Barney : Where are you? Those Boy Scouts have grown a foot
Barney : since last year. They're terrifying!
Robin : Change of plans.
Robin : Happy Valentine's Day.
Nora : Robin told me to meet you guys here.
UNK: And that's how, for the first time in his life,
UNK: Barney Stinson wound up on a date on Valentine's Day.
Nora : You will be avenged.
UNK: Come on!
UNK: Kill me! I'm here! Kill me!
UNK: Baby!
Lily : You're back.
Marshall : Happy Valentine's Day, Lily Pad.
Zoey : We both knew this would end eventually.