Marshall : Do you want me to leave?
Judy : Heavens to Bess, no!
Judy : Of course not!
Lily : - But, Judy, you said... - If Marshall could stay here forever,
Judy : I would be the happiest mom in Minnesota.
UNK: Get him out!
Zoey : So Valentine's Day is tomorrow.
Ted : You know, there's this new Italian restaurant
Ted : on 79th that's supposed to be amazing.
Zoey : I would be happier having just a simple, home-cooked meal.
Zoey : As long as it's with you.
Ted : Tomorrow night, my place.
Zoey : I'm ready for this, Ted.
Zoey : I am in it for the long haul.
Zoey : I can't wait for our first Valentine's Day as a couple.
Zoey : The one we'll remember for years.
Ted : - Isn't that great? - Yeah, if you say so.
Ted : What do you mean?
Robin : She just got out of a marriage, Ted. That's heavy.
Robin : I'm kind of freaking out, just listening to you.
Robin : My heart is pounding, I'm hearing this weird clicking noise.
Ted : Well, it's romantic, right?
Ted : Zoey and I are getting serious on Valentine's Day.
Robin : See, that just amps up the pressure even more.
Robin : Boy, it's a good thing that you're sure.
Ted : Who said I wasn't sure?
Ted : I'm glad we're in a serious relationship.
Ted : Right away.
Ted : And if I screw this up, I'm the devil,
Ted : because she's going through a divorce. But I'm not gonna screw this up.
Ted : So stop freaking out.
Ted : Stop freaking out!
UNK: Kids, I'm not super proud of what I did next.
Ted : I'm here to help Marshall.
UNK: Meanwhile, as Desperation Day turned into Desperation Night...
Barney : God, these girls are so hungry for male attention.
Barney : It is like being a hunter
Barney : and having the deer walk up, tie itself to the hood of your car
Barney : and beg to get mounted.
Robin : This is Bev and Anna, my coworkers and my friends.
Robin : Bev, Anna, this is Barney, a high-functioning sociopath and my ex.
Barney : That's French for "What's with the purple?"
Robin : Well, tomorrow is Valentine's Day, and everything is pink and red, so Bev
Robin : very thoughtfully
Robin : suggested that we wear purple to show how little we care.
UNK: I use colors to express emotion.
Bev : Purple is for pride.
Bev : It was a stupid idea.
Anna : Bev, you look at me.
Anna : It's not a stupid idea.
Anna : Tonight, we are queens.
Robin : And we don't care about some stupid, sexist, corporate holiday.
Barney : Please!
Barney : You might as well be dog-earing a tear-stained bridal magazine
Barney : while wolfing down the box of chocolates you had delivered to yourself at work
Bev : Gerard is real!
UNK: I thought you were gonna talk to Marshall about coming back to New York.
Ted : Yeah, but, you know, things move so fast in New York.
Ted : Why not hang out here until at least after Valentine's Day?
Ted : Plus, we're helping Marshall's mom.
Ted : Mrs. Eriksen, we're running low on SunnyD!
UNK: Is orange juice okay?
Barney : from fixing cleft palates in Peru,
Barney : maybe snatch a photo of the two of you together,
Barney : and then I'll totally believe you.
Bev : Well, he's going to Kenya after Peru, so...
Nora : Hey, guys, so sorry I'm late.
Robin : This is Barney. You wanna see Anna
Robin : - beat him in an arm wrestle? - My elbow slipped!
Lily : Marshall, I'm going home.
Marshall : What?
Lily : I'm flying out tonight before the big storm,
Lily : and I want you to come with me.
Marshall : I can't right now, 'cause my mom needs me.
Lily : While I'm sure it's been really helpful for her to have you here