Meredith : No. What about infection?
Cristina : No, there's no white count.
UNK: She has no CT lesions, no fevers,
Cristina : nothing in her spinal tap.
Cristina : Just tell me.
Meredith : You can't comment, make a face or react in any way.
UNK: We had sex.
Cristina : What about an aneurysm?
Meredith : No blood on the CT and no headaches.
UNK: OK. There's no drug use, no pregnancy, no trauma.
Cristina : Was he good?
UNK: I mean, he looks like he'd be good. Was it any good?
UNK: We're out of answers.
Meredith : What if no one comes up with anything?
UNK: You mean, what if she dies?
Meredith : Yeah.
Cristina : This is gonna sound really bad, but I really wanted that surgery.
UNK: She's never gonna get the chance to turn into a person.
Meredith : The sum total of her existence
Meredith : will be almost winning Miss Teen whatever.
Meredith : You know what her pageant talent is?
Cristina : - They have talent? - Rhythmic gymnastics.
UNK: [Laughing] Oh, come on.
Meredith : What is rhythmic gymnastics?
Meredith : I can't even say it. I don't know what it is.
UNK: [Laughing]
UNK: I think it's something with a ball and a...
Meredith : What?
Cristina : Meredith, what?
UNK: Get up. Come on.
UNK: The only thing that she would possibly need is an angiogram.
UNK: Oh. Oh, Dr. Shepherd, just one moment.
Cristina : Katie competes in beauty pageants.
Derek : I know that, but we have to save her life anyway.
Cristina : She has no headaches, no neck pain, her CT is clean.
Cristina : There's no medical proof of an aneurysm, but what if she has an aneurysm anyway?
Derek : - There are no indicators. - She twisted her ankle practicing.
UNK: - I appreciate you trying to help... - When she twisted her ankle, she fell.
Cristina : It was no big deal, not even a bump on the head.
UNK: She got up, iced her ankle, and everything was fine.
Cristina : It was a fall so minor, her doctor didn't think to mention it
Cristina : when I was taking her history, but she did fall.
UNK: You know what the chance is that a fall could burst an aneurysm?
UNK: One in a million, literally.
UNK: [Woman over P.A.] Surgical scheduling is posted.
UNK: [Bell dings]
Burke : - Let's go. - [Meredith] Where?
Derek : To find out if Katie's one in a million.
UNK: [Sighs]
Derek : I'll be damned.
UNK: Tech operating scan : There it is.
UNK: It's minute, but it's there.
UNK: It's a subarachnoid hemorrhage.
UNK: [Derek] She's bleeding into her brain.
UNK: She could have gone through her entire life without it ever being a problem.
Derek : - One tap in the right spot... - [Cristina] It exploded.
UNK: Now I can fix it. You two did great work.
UNK: Love to stay, but I got to tell Katie's parents she's having surgery.
Derek : - Katie Bryce's chart, please. - Here you go.
UNK: Dr. Shepherd, you'd said that you'd pick someone to scrub in if we helped?
Derek : Oh, yes, right. Um...
Derek : I'm sorry I can't take you both. It's gonna be a full house.
Derek : Meredith, I'll see you in OR.
Derek : Good. Thank you.
Meredith : Cristina...
UNK: [- Butterfly Boucher : Life is Short]