Cristina : - Bailey? - [Man] End of the hall.
Cristina : That's the Nazi?
UNK: [George] I thought the Nazi would be a guy.
UNK: I thought the Nazi would be a Nazi.
UNK: Pretty female intern Izzie Stevens : Maybe it's professional jealousy. She's brilliant
UNK: and they call her a Nazi because they're jealous.
UNK: Pretty female intern Izzie Stevens : - Maybe she's nice. - Let me guess. You're the model.
UNK: Hi, I'm Isobel Stevens, but everyone calls me Izzie.
UNK: I have five rules. Memorize them.
UNK: Rule number one : Don't bother sucking up.
UNK: I hate you. That's not gonna change.
UNK: Trauma protocol, phone list, pagers,
Bailey : nurses will page you.
UNK: You will answer every page at a run. A run!
Bailey : That's rule number two.
Bailey : Your first shift starts now and lasts 48 hours.
UNK: You're interns, grunts, nobodies,
Bailey : bottom of the surgical food chain.
Bailey : You run labs, write orders, work every second night
UNK: until you drop, and don't complain.
UNK: On-call rooms. Attendings hog them.
Bailey : Sleep when you can where you can, which brings me to rule number three.
Bailey : If I'm sleeping, don't wake me unless your patient is dying.
UNK: Rule four : The dying patient better not be dead when I get there.
UNK: Not only will you have killed someone, you woke me for no reason. We clear?
UNK: [Bailey] Yes?
Meredith : You said five rules. That was only four.
UNK: [Pager beeping]
UNK: Rule number five : When I move, you move.
Bailey : Get out of my way!
UNK: What do we got?
UNK: [Man] Katie Bryce, 15-year-old, new onset seizures,
Paramedic : intermittent for the past week.
UNK: IV lost en route,
Paramedic : started grand mal seizing as we descended.
UNK: [Bailey] All right, get her on her side.
UNK: Izzie, 10 milligrams Diazepam IM.
UNK: No, no. The white lead is on the right.
UNK: Righty, whitey, smoke over fire.
UNK: A large-bore IV. Don't let the blood hemolyze. Let's go!
UNK: [Beeping]
UNK: - [Man] A wet fish on dry land? - Absolutely, Dr. Burke.
UNK: Dr. Bailey, let's shotgun her.
UNK: That means every test in the book :
UNK: CT, CBC, chem-7, tox screen.
Bailey : Cristina, you're on labs. George, patient work-ups.
Bailey : Meredith, get Katie for a CT.
Bailey : She's your responsibility now.
Izzie : Wait. What about me?
Bailey : Honey, you get to do rectal exams.
UNK: [- Jem : They]
Bailey : What are you doing here?
Cristina : Katie Bryce's labs came out clear.
Cristina : There's nothing in the results that explain her seizures.
Meredith : OK.
UNK: Uh, I heard every year, the attending on-call picks the best intern
Cristina : and lets them perform a procedure during the first shift.
Cristina : I'm just saying it's what I heard.
Bailey : Go away... now.
George : - Yeah, sounds good. - He'll be fine? You'll be fine.