Meredith : If you tell anyone, ever...
UNK: [Mr. Bryce] You said it was a seizure disorder.
UNK: Katie's father : - Now you're saying it isn't? - I'm saying that I don't know.
Mother : - What do you think it could be? - I don't know.
UNK: - When will you? - I don't have an answer.
UNK: - For now, Katie is stable, and... - Wait one damn minute.
Father : We came here because this hospital
Father : is supposed to be the best in Washington.
Father : That's my kid in there. My kid.
Father : And you have the audacity to stand here and tell me, "I don't know."
Derek : Mr. Bryce...
UNK: No, I want a doctor who knows what they're doing.
Father : You get me someone else, better than you.
Derek : I am working hard on Katie's case.
Father : No, you're not. If you were, you'd be able to give me some answers.
UNK: [Burke] I put you on a bypass machine,
Burke : which pumps blood for your heart.
Burke : Fix your ticker, take you off the machine. I'm done. Simple procedure.
Woman : So I shouldn't worry?
Burke : I'm very good at what I do.
UNK: It still is surgery. There are some risks.
Burke : I'll see you in the OR this afternoon, Mr. Savitch.
UNK: You're not gonna leave me alone with that guy, are you?
George : Oh, I'll be outside the OR the whole time.
UNK: No, Dr. Burke is very good. Don't worry.
George : I'll see you after.
UNK: Mrs. Savage : He'll be fine, right?
UNK: Tony's gonna sail through it.
George : You have nothing to worry about. I promise.
Meredith : Gotta go.
UNK: - [Meredith] What are you doing? - Suturing a banana
Cristina : with the vain hope that it wakes up my brain.
UNK: [Laughing]
UNK: What are you smiling at, 007?
UNK: I'm sorry. I get mean when I 'm tired.
George : You know what? I don't care.
George : I comforted a family, and I got to hang out in the OR today.
George : All is well.
Cristina : Anybody know why we're here?
Derek : Good morning.
Derek : - Morning. - Morning.
UNK: I'm gonna do something rare for a surgeon.
UNK: I'm gonna ask interns for help.
Derek : I've got this kid, Katie Bryce.
Derek : Right now, she's a mystery.
UNK: She doesn't respond to our meds.
Derek : Labs are clean, scans are pure,
UNK: but she's having grand mal seizures with no visible cause.
Derek : She's a ticking clock.
UNK: She's gonna die if I don't make a diagnosis, which is where you come in.
Derek : I can't do it alone.
Derek : I need your extra minds, extra eyes.
Derek : I need you to play detective. I need you to find out why Katie's having seizures.
UNK: You're tired. You got more work than you could possibly handle.
Derek : I understand. So I'm gonna give you an incentive.
Derek : Whoever finds the answer rides with me.
Derek : Katie needs surgery.
UNK: You get to do what no interns get to do :
Derek : Scrub in to assist on an advanced procedure.
UNK: Dr. Bailey's gonna hand you Katie's chart.
Derek : The clock is ticking fast.
UNK: If we're gonna save Katie's life, do it soon.
UNK: [Alex] Did you just page me?
UNK: [Nurse] Yes. 4-B's still short of breath.
UNK: [Sighs] Give antibiotics time to work.
UNK: - They should have worked by now. - She's old. She's freaking ancient.
Alex : She's lucky she's still breathing.
Alex : I got a shot to scrub in downstairs
UNK: on a patient who wasn't alive during the Civil War.
Alex : Don't page me again.
UNK: [Woman on PA] Pain Management to 209. Pain Management to 209.
Cristina : Hey, I want in on Shepherd's surgery.
Cristina : You've been the intern on Katie since the start. Want to work together?
Cristina : Find the answer, we have a 50-50 chance of scrubbing in.
Meredith : I'll work with you, I don't want in on the surgery.
Cristina : It's the biggest opportunity any intern will get.
UNK: I don't want to spend time with Shepherd.
Cristina : What do you have against Shepherd?
Meredith : If we find the answer, the surgery's yours.
Meredith : - Do you want to work together or not? - Deal.
UNK: [Cristina] She doesn't have anoxia, renal failure or acidosis.
UNK: It's not a tumor, her CT's clean.
UNK: You're not gonna tell me why you won't work with Shepherd?