UNK: If you don't count the fact that my bacon days are over, sure.
UNK: So bypass surgery tomorrow with Dr. Burke. I hear he's good.
UNK: And, after that, you can have all the bacon-flavored soy product you can eat.
Patient : Mmm. Kill me now.
George : I wish I could, but I'm a healer.
UNK: [Katie] You're lost.
Meredith : I'm not lost. How are you feeling?
Katie : How do you think I'm feeling?
Katie : - I'm missing my pageant. - You're missing your pageant?
Katie : The Spokane Teen Miss.
Katie : I was in the top ten after the first two rounds.
UNK: This is my year. I could have won.
Doctor : Hello.
Katie : You're so lost. What are you, like, new?
UNK: OK, so I'm just gonna insert my fingers
Izzie : into your rectum.
UNK: [Inhales sharply]
Meredith : No.
Burke : Out. Out.
George : Bet you missed a lot when you first started out.
UNK: [Scoffs]
UNK: I twisted my ankle in talent rehearsal.
Katie : I do rhythmic gymnastics, which is, like, really cool.
Katie : Nobody else does it.
Katie : And I tripped over my ribbon.
Katie : And I didn't get stuck with someone this clueless,
Katie : and that was, like, a nurse.
UNK: You and I are gonna have so much fun together.
UNK: [Chattering]
George : This shift is a marathon, not a sprint.
UNK: Meredith VO : - Eat. - I can't.
George : You should eat something.
Izzie : You try eating after performing 17 rectal exams. The Nazi hates me.
George : The Nazi's a resident. I have attendings hating me.
Cristina : You know Meredith is inbred?
George : Like it's uncommon to be a doctors' parents...
UNK: Royally. Her mother is Ellis Grey.
Izzie : Shut up. The Ellis Grey?
George : - Who's Ellis Grey? - The Grey Method.
Cristina : Where'd you go to med school, Mexico?
Izzie : She was one of the first big chick surgeons.
UNK: She's a living legend. Yeah, she won the Harper Avery twice.
George : So I didn't know one thing.
Izzie : Talk about parental pressure.
UNK: I'd kill to have Ellis Grey as a mother. I'd kill to be Ellis Grey.
UNK: All I need is one good case.
UNK: [Mumbling]
Meredith : Katie Bryce is a pain in the ass.
Meredith : If I hadn't taken the Hippocratic Oath, I'd Kevorkian her with my bare hands.
Meredith : What?
UNK: [Burke] Good afternoon, interns.
Burke : It's posted, but I thought I'd share the good news personally.
UNK: As you know, the honor of performing the first surgery
Burke : is reserved for the intern that shows the most promise.
Burke : As I'm running the OR today, I get to make that choice.
UNK: Male intern George O'Malley : - George O'Malley. - Me?
UNK: You'll scrub in for an appendectomy this afternoon. Congratulations. Enjoy.
George : Did he say me?
UNK: [Bailey] I've seen his file.
Bailey : George O'Malley barely made the cut to get in this program.
Bailey : - He's not your guy. - He's my guy, all right.
Bailey : Every year, you pick your guy,
UNK: and your guy suffers more than any other intern.
UNK: Terrorize one, and the rest fall in line.
Bailey : I get it, I respect it, but George O'Malley's a puppy.
Woman : Katie Bryce, 3604?
Nurse : - Right there. - Thank you.
Woman : Katie, honey, Mom and Dad are here.
Meredith : They gave her a sedative for the CT scan, so she's a little groggy.
UNK: [Mother] Will she be all right?
UNK: Our doctor said that she might need an operation.
Father : Is that true?
UNK: [Mother] What kind of operation?
UNK: She's, um... Well... You know what?
Meredith : I'm not the doctor.
UNK: Um, I'm a doctor, but I'm not Katie's doctor,
Meredith : so I'll go get him for you.
Meredith : - What? - Katie's parents have questions.
Meredith : Do you talk to them, or do I ask Burke?
Bailey : No, Burke's off the case.
Bailey : Katie belongs to the new attending now, Dr. Shepherd. He's over there.
UNK: Meredith, can I talk to you for a second?
UNK: Actually, I was...
Bailey : Dr. Shepherd.
Derek : Dr. Shepherd? This morning, it was Derek.