Webber : What do you think's wrong with 4-B?
Meredith : The fourth W, walking.
Meredith : I think she's a prime candidate for a pulmonary embolus.
Webber : How would you diagnose?
UNK: Spiral CT, VIQ scan,
Meredith : provide O2, dose with heparin
Meredith : and consult for an IVC filter.
Webber : Do exactly as she says,
Webber : then tell your resident that I want you off this case.
Webber : I'd know you anywhere. You're the spitting image of your mother.
UNK: Welcome to the game.
UNK: [- Thirteen Senses : Into the Fire]
Derek : All right, everybody. It's a beautiful night to save lives.
Derek : Let's have some fun.
UNK: [Meredith] I can't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon...
UNK: ... but I can think of 1,000 reasons why I should quit.
UNK: [Meredith] They make it hard on purpose.
UNK: There are lives in our hands.
UNK: There comes a moment when it's more than just a game...
UNK: [beeping]
UNK: ... and you either take that step forward
UNK: or turn around and walk away.
UNK: [Meredith] I could quit, but here's the thing...
UNK: ... I love the playing field.
Cristina : - It was a good surgery. - Yeah.
Cristina : We don't have to do that thing
Cristina : where I say something and then you say something,
Cristina : and then somebody cries, and there's a moment.
Meredith : - Yuck. - Good.
Cristina : You should get some sleep. You look like crap.
Meredith : I look better than you.
UNK: That's not possible.
UNK: [Sighs]
Meredith : That was amazing.
Meredith : Hmm.
Meredith : You practice on cadavers,
Meredith : you observe
Meredith : and you think you know what you're gonna feel like
Meredith : standing over that table, but...
Meredith : ...that was such a high.
Meredith : I don't know why anybody does drugs.
Meredith : Yeah.
Meredith : Yeah.
UNK: I should, uh, go do this.
George : You should.
Derek : I'll see you around.
Derek : See you around.
Burke : See you.
UNK: [Meredith] So...
UNK: ... I made it through my first shift.
UNK: We all did.
UNK: The other interns are all good people.
UNK: You'd like them...
UNK: ... I think.
UNK: I don't know, maybe.
UNK: I like them.
UNK: [Bell jingles]
UNK: Oh, and I changed my mind.
UNK: I'm not gonna sell the house. I'm gonna keep it.
UNK: Meredith VO : I'll have to get a couple of roommates,
UNK: but it's home, you know?
UNK: Older woman : Are you the doctor?
Meredith : No.
Meredith : I'm not your doctor, but I am a doctor.
UNK: Older woman : What's your name?
Meredith : It's me, Mom. Meredith.
Bailey : All right.
UNK: Ellis Grey : I used to be a doctor, I think.
Meredith : You were a doctor, Mom.
Meredith : You were a surgeon.