UNK: [Burke] His heart had too much damage for a bypass.
Burke : I had to let him go.
Burke : It happens, rarely, but it does happen.
Burke : The worst part of the game.
UNK: But I told his wife...
George : I told Gloria that he would be fine.
George : - I promised her that... - You what?
George : They have four little girls.
Burke : This is my case. Did you hear me promise?
Burke : The only one that can keep a promise like that is God,
Burke : and I haven't seen him holding a scalpel lately.
Burke : You never promise a patient's family a good outcome!
George : I thought...
UNK: You make promises to Mrs. Savitch?
Burke : You get to be the one to tell her that she's a widow.
Izzie : Izzie.
Izzie : - Maybe Meredith couldn't... - Izzie.
Meredith : I'll tell him I changed my mind.
UNK: Don't do me any favors. It's fine.
Meredith : Cristina...
Cristina : You did a cutthroat thing. Deal. Don't come to me for absolution.
Cristina : Want to be a shark, be a shark.
George : - I'm not... - Oh, yes you are.
UNK: Only it makes you feel bad in your warm, gooey places.
Cristina : No, screw you. I don't get picked for surgeries 'cause I slept with my boss,
Cristina : and I didn't get into med school 'cause I have a famous mother.
Cristina : Some of us have to earn what we get.
UNK: [Woman over PA] Dr. Mayes to ICU. Dr. Mayes, report to ICU.
UNK: Gloria, there were complications in the surgery.
UNK: Tony's heart had a lot of damage.
George : We tried to take him off bypass, but...
George : ...there wasn't anything we could have done.
Gloria : What are you talking about?
UNK: Meredith VO : He...
George : Tony died.
George : He's dead.
George : Gloria...
UNK: ...I am so sorry. - Thank you.
Derek : Please...
Bailey : ...go away.
UNK: [GIoria sobbing]
UNK: [Derek] I promised I'd make her look cool.
Derek : Being a bald beauty queen is the worst thing
Derek : that happened in the history of the world.
Meredith : Did you choose me for the surgery because I slept with you?
Meredith : Yes.
Derek : I'm kidding.
UNK: I'm not gonna scrub in for surgery.
Meredith : You should ask Cristina. She really wants it.
Derek : You're Katie's doctor. And on your first day,
UNK: with little training, you helped save her life.
Derek : You earned the right to follow her case through to the finish.
Derek : You shouldn't let the fact that we had sex
Derek : get in the way of you taking your shot.
Meredith : I wish I wanted to be a chef
Meredith : or a ski instructor or a kindergarten teacher.
UNK: You know, I would have been a really good postal worker.
George : I'm dependable.
UNK: [Chuckles]
George : You know, my parents tell everyone they meet that their son's a surgeon,
George : as if it's a big accomplishment.
George : Superhero or something.
George : If they could see me now.
Meredith : When I told my mother I wanted to go to medical school,
Meredith : she tried to talk me out of it.
Meredith : Said I didn't have what it takes to be a surgeon,
Meredith : that I'd never make it.
Meredith : So the way I see it,
Meredith : superhero sounds pretty damn good.
UNK: We're gonna survive this, right?
Webber : She's still short of breath.
Webber : Did you get an ABG or a chest film?
Alex : Oh, yes, sir, I did.
UNK: [Richard] And what did you see?
UNK: I had a lot of patients last night.
Webber : Name the common causes of post-op fever.
UNK: Uh, yes.
Webber : From your head, not from a book.
Webber : Don't look it up. Learn it. It should be in your head.
Webber : Name the common causes of post-op fever.
UNK: Uh... the common causes of post...
Webber : Can anybody name the common causes of post-op fever?
UNK: [Meredith] Wind, water, wound, walking, wonder drugs.
UNK: The five W's.
Meredith : Most of the time, it's wind, splinting or pneumonia.
Meredith : Pneumonia's easy to assume, especially if you're too busy to do the tests.