UNK: Rachel, took a lot of courage, doesn't has the syphilis and wild with me.
UNK: Cheers!
UNK: - See you in the parking lot. - No, Rach!
UNK: And once again she is out of here.
UNK: Okay who had 9 : 45? Um?
Rachel : Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave.
Rachel : I probably should, but I'm not,
Rachel : see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings.
Rachel : See now, tonight, all I really wanted was
UNK: to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity.
UNK: Well, I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen.
UNK: There's nothing really left to say except...
UNK: "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl.
UNK: With yellow feathers, feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there.
UNK: She would..."
Ross : - Marenge, - "...marenge, thank you honey,
Rachel : and do the cha-cha.
Rachel : And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar.
Rachel : At the, wait, wait, everybody..."
Chandler : Okay, I'll do it.
Monica : You'll do what?
Richard : If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Richard : If I have to I'll, I'll do all again,
Richard : I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing,
Richard : I'll go to the P.T.A. Meetings,
Richard : I'll coach the soccer team.
Richard : - Really? - Yeah, if I have to.
UNK: Monica,
Richard : I don't wanna lose you,
Richard : so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
Monica : You're the most wonderful man.
Monica : And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times,
Monica : then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
Richard : But you're not.
Phoebe : Oh my God,
Monica : I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say.
Monica : I wanna have a baby,
Monica : but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
UNK: God.
Monica : I love you.
Monica : I know you do.
Monica : Me too.
Monica : So what now?
Richard : I guess we just
Richard : keep dancing.
Chandler : Where is she, Where is she?
Chandler : Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Rachel : Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Chandler : Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Ross : Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Phoebe : Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot,
Phoebe : you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil.
Phoebe : I think what you have to do is try not to...
Phoebe : Oh my God!
UNK: OH... MY... GAWD!
Phoebe : OH... MY... GOD!
Ross : All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this
Ross : because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes.
Joey : Wow, you are a good friend,
Joey : 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it.
Joey : But that was a hell of a kiss.
Joey : Rachel is a very lucky girl.