House : Set him up for a selective vertebral angiography. I'm on my way.
Cameron : Dr. House.
Cuddy : House! Sit down!
House : Why? I'm bored.
House : There's nothing I can say or do that's gonna make a difference here.
Judge : If you leave this room, I will find you in contempt.
Cuddy : Get a recess.
Foreman : Are you out of your mind?
House : They said they wanted me there, but I don't think they like me.
House : His voice isn't high because of the electrical charges.
House : It's another symptom of menopause.
House : His system keeps getting hit by women's issues,
House : so let's follow the pattern.
House : What might obstruct the blood flow that's more common in women than men?
House : Is the catheter in? CHASE : Go back to court.
Chase : We'll let you know the results.
House : Shut up and wire him.
UNK: Center the image on the interpeduncular cistern.
House : Keep it moving at 30 frames per second.
UNK: If you think the arteries are narrowing, you're gonna need still shots,
Foreman : which we can do without you.
House : The problem is not how wide the road is.
UNK: There's a guy with a squeegee on the sidewalk flagging cars.
House : That's what's causing the slowdown.
House : We find him, we find the problem.
Chase : He's wired. Go!
Foreman : Injecting the dye.
Foreman : Blood's in the capillaries.
UNK: There.
House : Mr. Squeegee.
House : Spinal meningioma pushing on the nerves to the vocal cords
House : creates the voice change.
House : And that nerve just happens to live right near the meningeal branch
House : of the vertebral artery, obstructs the blood flow to the brain.
UNK: The brain malfunctions, creating false memories.
House : Memories cause love. Love kills.
House : And we didn't completely screw up.
House : Cleaning the slate bought us time to find the real problem.
House : On the other hand, if we had been better,
House : we wouldn't have needed the time.
House : Schedule him for surgery. Dig that thing out.
House : He can start enjoying real misery instead of the fake stuff.
UNK: House.
Cameron : I just heard that you apologized to Wilson.
House : Detoxing. I didn't know what I was saying.
House : Excuse me.
House : I have to go to jail.
Velez : What is your position at Princeton-Plainsboro?
Cuddy : Chief Administrator and Dean of Medicine.
Velez : And you're responsible for oversight of the pharmacy?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt.
Judge : I hope you don't mind that we continued on without you?
House : I said I was sorry. There's no need to be sarcastic.
Velez : What is this?
Cuddy : That's our prescription sign-out log from December 24th.
Velez : Does that appear to be Dr. House's signature?
UNK: Yes.
Velez : What has he signed for?
Cuddy : A prescription for oxycodone in the name of patient Larry Zebalusky.
UNK: And did those pills ever reach that patient?
UNK: No. Why?
Cuddy : He was already dead.
Velez : And Dr. House knew this?
UNK: Yes.
Velez : So, Dr. House had no legal or medical basis for acquiring that oxycodone?
Velez : Dr. Cuddy?
Cuddy : He never got the pills.
Velez : It's his signature. The log is strictly controlled.
Cuddy : Dr. House did pick up a prescription, but it wasn't for oxycodone.
Velez : It says oxycodone. You testified...
Derek : I know, but it wasn't oxycodone.
Cuddy : Dr. Wilson informed me that Dr. House already tried to steal
Cuddy : the pain medication of this patient, which made clear to me
Cuddy : that Dr. House was in a particularly vulnerable and desperate state.
Cuddy : So I went to the pharmacy and I swapped bottles.