Cameron : He's stable.
Foreman : Won't stay that way.
UNK: His blood tests showed troponins and CK-MB up.
Foreman : Chase was right. He was hiding chest pain.
Foreman : He's been having a whole series of heart attacks.
Cameron : Heart attacks can't cause you to reach out and choke someone.
Foreman : Lack of oxygen to the brain causes disorientation.
UNK: Increased adrenaline causes rage.
UNK: The more important question is what caused the attacks?
UNK: Where are you going? To see House.
UNK: We have a 28-year-old with clean arteries, no valvular abnormalities
Cameron : having multiple heart attacks.
UNK: I'm not gonna wait for Chase to give us another breakthrough.
Chase : Maybe we should go.
Cameron : We don't have an answer yet.
Cameron : I'm fine, by the way. Thanks for asking!
House : Whoever came up with buprenorphine to wean off Vicodin should be shot.
House : Then stabbed in the eye.
House : I think someone needs to adjust my meds!
UNK: The heart shows no signs of inflammation or...
UNK: If the cause of the heart attacks isn't internal, it must be external.
House : Something environmental.
Chase : None of the attacks happened in the same place.
House : Still must be something in common.
Cameron : First one happened in an apartment building fire.
Foreman : Fire, water, smoke, oxygen masks...
UNK: The second and third ones happened here.
UNK: There was no fire, no water, no smoke.
Chase : His clothes were all different, he'd been cleaned.
UNK: That's the "whats". How about the "whos"?
Cameron : His partner Amy was at all three attacks, but...
House : Anyone else?
Chase : People don't cause heart attacks.
UNK: Well, then you shouldn't be worried about proving me wrong.
UNK: Amy? Would you come with me, please?
Brock : Anything new on my brother?
Cameron : We're not quite sure yet. Could you come with me?
UNK: Yeah.
Amy : What's this all about?
Judge : I don't know.
Derek : They wanted to talk to us together.
UNK: Derek!
Cameron : House was right.
AMY : I don't get it.
UNK: How can I be causing his heart attacks?
Cameron : You may be carrying an agent that triggered them.
Cameron : It could be anything, mold spores, poisonous plant residue,
Cameron : something you picked up at a fire site.
Cameron : Until we identify the agent, we can't allow you near Derek.
Amy : I can't believe that I'm doing this to him.
Cameron : You can't blame yourself for this.
Amy : You know how he got those skin grafts?
Cameron : He was trapped in a fire.
Amy : We were clearing rooms in an office building fire.
UNK: And the ceiling collapsed, and it cut me off from the rest of the group.
UNK: And I kept yelling that I was fine,