Cuddy : What are you talking about?
UNK: If I had pitched electroshock therapy
House : as a cure for broken heart syndrome any other time,
House : you'd have dug in, made me try a hundred other useless things first.
House : So either you're actually beginning to trust me
House : or you just feel sorry for me.
Cuddy : You presented a reasonable argument.
Cuddy : You were clear-headed and non-impulsive about it.
Cuddy : Never once used the word "moron."
Cuddy : The rehab's working, House.
CAMERON : You'll still be able to perform routine functions
Cameron : like walking, talking, tying your shoes.
Cameron : The treatment targets the anterior cingulated cortex.
UNK: It should only affect your experiential memories.
Derek : So my parents? My childhood?
Cameron : If this works, you won't remember them.
Cameron : Or your firefighting training.
Derek : And Amy.
UNK: Are you okay with that?
Derek : I wouldn't miss her, right?
Cameron : Tell Amy how you feel. Because if she loves you...
UNK: No. I won't do that to her. Or to my brother.
Cameron : You're effectively killing who you are just to keep this secret.
Derek : She doesn't love me.
UNK: DOOR OPENING
UNK: Caterpillar?
House : Lower intestine with ulcerative colitis.
House : You crash art therapy classes just for the adrenaline rush?
Tritter : Cuddy wouldn't get off the phone until I promised I'd come and see for myself.
UNK: I got to admit, this move I did not expect.
House : Well, don't tell anyone, but the photos of smiling people in the brochures,
House : it's just marketing.
Tritter : Well, you're obviously making an effort.
Tritter : So I suppose the next step is for me to talk to the DA.
House : Which you have no intention of doing.
UNK: No.
House : So words mean nothing, actions mean nothing, what the hell is left?
House : You son of a bitch!
House : What about your words, your actions?
UNK: "Got to get House cleaned up. Got to get him to show some humility."
UNK: But when it comes to actually doing something,
House : you prove that all you care about is bitch-slapping a guy
House : who refused to kiss your ass!
Tritter : You ever trust an addict?
Tritter : You ever give one the benefit of the doubt?
Tritter : How many times did that work out for you...
House : Yeah, I get it.
UNK: And so you were screwed over by your wife, your mother, your partner.
House : But you keep sending them Christmas cards while you take it out on everyone else!
Tritter : No more Christmas cards.
Tritter : No, I learned.
Tritter : People like you, even your actions lie.
Derek : I'm scared.
Derek : I know.
UNK: I'm gonna give you a muscle relaxant so your body doesn't convulse.
Anethesiologist : Count backwards from 10.
UNK: Ten, nine, eight,
UNK: seven...
UNK: Go.
CAMERON : What's your name? Derek.
FOREMAN : Heart sounds good.
CAMERON : Do you know what city we're in?
UNK: No.
UNK: Would you be okay with a couple of visitors?