UNK: The complaint department is across the hall.
Tritter : I'm busy.
Tritter : Can I just assume that you told me how unfair I'm being and...
House : I'm sorry.
House : You could throw a dart at all the adjectives between arrogant and unhinged,
House : and I'm sure you'd hit one that describes me.
House : There's a reason I operate that way.
House : I live in pain.
House : Pain that on good days is merely intolerable.
House : And on bad ones will suck the life force right out of you.
UNK: It doesn't mean that I've handled this right.
UNK: Actually, it means I was wrong.
Tritter : Thank you.
Tritter : I know that couldn't have been easy for you to say.
Tritter : Even if you don't mean a word of it.
House : I'm sorry.
UNK: Look, you can hook me up to a damn polygraph...
Tritter : And I'm sure you'd pass.
Tritter : The thing is I've never been interested in what you have to say.
Tritter : All I care about is what you do.
Tritter : I'll see you at the hearing.
FOREMAN : It wasn't the medicine.
UNK: Contamination and allergy tests both came back negative.
UNK: There was nothing to suggest a pulmonary embolism.
Cameron : And his EKG showed the expected tachycardia from the exertion of the attack.
Cameron : And I'm fine, by the way, thanks for asking.
Foreman : Aggression comes on that fast has got to have a neurological basis.
Foreman : We should do a CT for a frontal lobe tumor and an LP for meningitis.
House : Great. Have at it.
Cameron : That's it? No challenging our theory, no tearing us down?
House : No need. You got it under control.
UNK: Where are you going?
House : Upstairs this time.
Foreman : To do what?
House : Check myself into rehab.
CUDDY : Did Tritter offer you another deal?
House : Nope. This is all me.
House : So, no slaps on the back? Encouraging words?
Wilson : We're just trying to understand what this is.
UNK: I hope it's me detoxing,
House : otherwise I soiled a perfectly good pair of underwear last night for nothing.
Cuddy : So this is for real?
UNK: It's not just a show for Tritter?
House : Absolutely it's a show for Tritter. And the judge.
UNK: And, unfortunately, unless it's real, there is no show.
House : Hey, if it doesn't help my case,
UNK: at least I can go to prison with heightened senses.
House : All the better to enjoy my strolls around the yard.
UNK: Voldemort guy Who Works At The Rehab Centre : Time's up. Group's starting.
UNK: Gonna need to check that stuff.
House : When I lead the big patient rebellion,
House : Voldemort here is the first to go.
Cameron : CT was normal, no frontal lobe tumor,