Foreman : You're acting like an idiot.
Thirteen : She's trying to make me lose my license!
Foreman : She'll fail, unless you're stupid enough
Foreman : to go in there and scream at her.
Thirteen : Sexual harassment accusations are incredibly serious.
Foreman : If she made them anonymously, the case goes away.
Foreman : If she used her name, we all back you up, it goes away.
House : You're completely overreacting.
Thirteen : You'd be pissed off, too, if you were me.
Thirteen : Or maybe not, I don't know.
Thirteen : You're just about as emotional as she is.
Foreman : I'm doing you a favor. I know.
Thirteen : And even when you try to do something nice, you sound like a jerk.
Thirteen : I'm sorry.
Thirteen : For what?
Foreman : For firing you.
Thirteen : Don't do that. That's not what this is about.
Foreman : Then I'll apologize anyway.
Foreman : I did it for me, not for you.
Foreman : I realized that right after I fired you,
Foreman : but I couldn't admit it.
UNK: I screwed everything up. I hope that we can still work together.
Foreman : Something's wrong with her liver.
UNK: Blood flow's backing up, spilling into her esophagus.
Bill : From the cancer? This isn't lymphoma.
Foreman : We don't know what it is.
Foreman : We can wrap bands around the veins,
Foreman : but the bleed is so bad, that might not work.
UNK: We want to try something called the TIPS,
Foreman : a shunt that makes the blood bypass the liver.
Bill : That'll save her?
Foreman : It should help preserve her liver and heart.
UNK: But the liver cleans out toxins, so bypass it too long,
Foreman : she'll get brain damage, eventually die.
UNK: But that's still probably less dangerous than bleeding out now.
UNK: Probably?
UNK: Valerie usually makes the decisions...
Foreman : You gotta step up now.
Bill : Was she cheating on me? I can't discuss...
Bill : Just tell me she wasn't lying. Just tell me that.
Bill : I'm supposed to make this decision?
Bill : I don't even know who she is any more.
Foreman : Either way, you gotta do it right now.
Bill : Do whatever you think is right.
Chase : I'd give her a day, two days at the most.
House : Great. You be the clock, everyone else will be the doctors.
House : Heart, kidneys, now liver.
UNK: Amyloidosis.
Chase : No speckles on the MRI. Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency?