Foreman : Too much kidney failure.
Taub : Primary hepatic fibrosis.
UNK: It's our best guess. Start her on steroids.
Chase : Even if we're right, the liver's probably too scarred.
UNK: We got to list her for a new one.
Thirteen : With an unconfirmed diagnosis?
Thirteen : Not gonna happen. How about a family member?
UNK: I don't think the husband's the right blood type.
Chase : Even if he was, he's not going to give his liver now.
Thirteen : He left her, I assume?
Taub : Not yet.
UNK: He says he won't abandon her while she's sick.
Taub : She have any other family members?
UNK: No one's going to risk their life to save hers.
House : Man, one false accusation from a psychopath,
UNK: and you turn out to be a real bummer.
House : I'm gonna go see if Wilson has any liver left.
Bill : What are you doing?
House : Paying Wibberly's mortgage for a few months.
House : Congratulations on another successful round of hectoring.
Wilson : Wait a minute. Is that actually a check for him?
House : No, it's a giant novelty item for winning the lottery,
House : you're just standing really far away.
Wilson : Of all the people to go the extra mile for, why this guy?
UNK: I don't know, he just kind of smells good and makes me laugh.
Wilson : Why not Cuddy? You never apologized after you defaced her photo.
House : Maybe because I recognize that sending someone to the poorhouse
House : is a little more serious than editing a snapshot.
Wilson : No, it's because Cuddy actually means something to you,
Wilson : which makes it much harder to apologize.
House : If it'll make you shut up, I will tell her I'm sorry about the photo.
Wilson : Forget the photo. House, she was in love with you.
Wilson : And all she got in return was abuse.
Wilson : For years, you toyed with her emotions.
Bill : She wasn't in love with me.
Wilson : The fact that you still can't admit it just proves my point.
Valerie : What do you want? Helping the guy was your idea.
Wilson : No, help the guy, whatever.
Wilson : I'm just pointing out that it's much easier to soothe your guilt
Wilson : by throwing money at a stranger
Wilson : than by making amends to a person you actually care about.
House : You had me at "much easier."
UNK: I'm going to pretend to go to work now.
UNK: Ping.
UNK: Sarah?
Thirteen : I'm Dr. Hadley. I'm sorry to bother you,
UNK: but I was told that you're Valerie's sister.
UNK: Mmm.
Thirteen : I was just surprised you came to visit.
Sarah : So is the rest of my family.
Thirteen : I was even more surprised you got tested as a donor.
Sarah : Wrong blood type.
Thirteen : But why? I mean, you know what she's like.
Sarah : She's not that bad.
Thirteen : Yes. She is.
Sarah : Our dad was a mean drunk.
Sarah : I was the older sister.
Sarah : I was supposed to stand up for her, not the other way around.
Thirteen : She protected you when you were kids?
Sarah : Yeah. And then all of a sudden, all of his crap
UNK: and all his abuse, it just changed her.
Sarah : It made her cold.
UNK: When?
Thirteen : We were wrong. Psychopathy is a symptom.
Thirteen : I spoke to her sister. She wasn't always like this.
Thirteen : She changed, and right around adolescence.
UNK: So, liver, heart, brain lie dormant, and it starts at puberty.