Bill : Yeah, of course.
Chase : Where are you?
House : Undisclosed location.
Taub : Who are you hiding from?
UNK: Wilson.
House : And the lunch date that Wilson is,
House : no doubt, right now, trying to sic on me.
House : But in the great game of chess that is our relationship,
House : Wilson sees only one move ahead, I see dozens.
House : That is why he will never mate me.
House : That's a chess term.
Foreman : That's great. A co-worker confronted our patient.
Foreman : Altered mental status. Basically accused her of poisoning him.
Foreman : We think he was projecting.
House : So he's poisoning her.
Chase : What could he get his hands on
Chase : to cause supraventricular tachycardia?
House : Does he have dry skin, thin eyebrows?
House : If you're sharing an amazed look, please do it louder.
Taub : He might have. How did you know that?
House : He has hypothyroidism,
House : he dumped his meds in her coffee,
House : that would make her heart go boom, in a bad way.
Foreman : We'll treat with beta blockers.
Thirteen : I'm sorry, but I totally disagree.
Chase : - With what? - With everything.
Thirteen : Why are we assuming he's lying and she's telling the truth?
Foreman : Because she's a successful, happily married consultant,
Foreman : and he's a crazy, drunk weirdo
Foreman : who we just tossed out of the hospital.
House : And she's hot.
Thirteen : Maybe she picked him because he's vulnerable.
Thirteen : There's something off about her, I can feel it.
Foreman : If you had any evidence...
Thirteen : Why didn't she tell us a co-worker puked on her shoes
Thirteen : right before she collapsed?
Foreman : Because it's medically irrelevant. He was drunk, she was sick.
Thirteen : You don't think it's suspicious
UNK: she didn't mention it to her husband?
House : Yeah, Foreman, why did you break up with Thirteen?
House : Oh, no, wait, the non-subtextual thing she was saying, why that?
Thirteen : This is about the case,
Thirteen : not some imaginary issue that you think Foreman and I have.
House : Great. Start her on beta blockers.
Foreman : You'll do it?
Thirteen : I don't think he was talking to me.
Foreman : Well, I am.
Thirteen : I'm the only one who thinks you're wrong.
Foreman : Maybe that's why I'm asking you to do it.
Wibberly : Greg? Lorenzo Wibberly.
Wibberly : Dr. Wilson said you'd be here. How you been?
House : Check and mate.
UNK: Look,
Wibberly : I'm sorry this is awkward or whatever.
Wibberly : I just thought it was nice of you to write that letter,
Wibberly : and I wanted to tell you that you don't have to feel bad.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: So, where you working these days?
House : You got your own practice or you at a hospital?
Wibberly : I thought you knew. Dani's, the organic supermarket chain.
UNK: As an in-house doctor?
Wibberly : I actually never got licensed.
Wibberly : I didn't graduate med school.
Wibberly : I planned on going back, and then my father got sick
Wibberly : and I had to take care of him, and I had some bad luck.
House : Why didn't you graduate?
Wibberly : I was one credit short.
Wibberly : And I was sort of already on academic probation, so...
House : Which credit?
House : I got a...
Wibberly : He failed me on that paper you switched. I thought you knew.
House : So I'm guessing you're the CEO of this supermarket chain.
Wibberly : I bag groceries.
Wibberly : Life works out weird sometimes.