UNK: We were going to do it in Santa Barbara because of his parents,
Valerie : but then I found this beautiful hotel in Montauk and...
Foreman : You're testing her for a brain tumor?
Thirteen : That's what I told her. You can chastise me
Thirteen : after you look at the monitor.
Thirteen : Look what's lighting up.
Foreman : Lateral frontal cortex, Broca's area. So what?
Thirteen : I told her it was customary
Thirteen : to talk during MRIs, to relax.
Thirteen : I spent the last 30 minutes asking her about everything in life that she loves,
Thirteen : then hates, then feels any emotion about at all.
Foreman : There's nothing in the paralimbic system, amygdala.
Thirteen : Because she's using the language part of her brain
Thirteen : and bypassing the emotional.
Thirteen : She can understand love and pain and empathy,
Thirteen : but she can't feel them at all.
Thirteen : She's a psychopath.
Thirteen : Why do you want to meet her so badly?
House : Psychopaths always fascinate me.
House : I think it's their cultural literacy
House : and strong family values. Or is that Jews?
Foreman : We're not gonna be able to get an honest read on her
Foreman : unless we figure out a way to get the husband out of there.
House : Hmm. I got an idea.
House : Can you get out of here?
UNK: Thanks.
House : It was the "thanks" that did it.
House : Hi, I'm Dr. House. How long have you been a psychopath?
Valerie : Are you kidding? He's not.
Valerie : Are you saying I'm like Ted Bundy or something?
House : Psychopathy can get a bad rap.
House : Doesn't necessarily mean you're violent.
House : Just that you're completely without conscience,
House : you lack any normal emotion,
House : you manipulate everyone around you,
House : you're promiscuous, you lie pathologically.
House : Any of this ringing bells?
Valerie : Is that why you were asking me all those weird questions?
UNK: Yeah. Well, you have Darwin to thank for that.
House : She got the creeps around you.
House : Which, oddly, is an actual medical phenomenon around psychopaths,
House : probably an evolved response to predators.
Valerie : I'm sorry. You're really freaking me out. I have no idea what...
House : Relax. We have a duty of confidentiality.
House : And you have an undiagnosed heart problem
House : that could kill you at any moment.
House : We believe that your mental abnormality
House : is related to your physical one.
House : So if you want to keep on "predating"...
Valerie : What do you want to know?
Thirteen : Your co-worker's story was true. You poisoned him.
Valerie : No. I gave him a little Valium and an emetic.
House : You sure you understand what the word "no" means?
Valerie : I've had them both before, why can't he?
Thirteen : So you were just helping him out?
Thirteen : I assume he was cool with the whole seducing and firing part, too.
Valerie : Russ knew what he was getting into.
Valerie : He got sex every Thursday night,
Valerie : and I got to take credit for his best ideas.
Foreman : And what are you getting out of your marriage?
Valerie : Same thing you get out of your job.
Valerie : Bill has a trust fund, and I have a prenup his parents made me sign.
House : Told you he was rich. She's not that weird.
Valerie : I'm not so different than anybody else.
UNK: Everyone I've ever known, my family, my classmates, the people I work with,
Valerie : they're all out for themselves.
Valerie : Difference is, I can admit it to myself.
Thirteen : She kind of reminds me of someone I know.
House : Tell me about it.
House : Some of my co-workers will insult people right to their faces.
House : How long have you been this way?
Valerie : Just how I am.
Valerie : Are you gonna cure my heart problems now?
House : So, psychopathy plus cardiac arrhythmia. Go.
Thirteen : I thought you were bluffing to get information.
Thirteen : You really think they're connected?
House : Two rare conditions in one patient,
House : it's a fair assumption they are.
Thirteen : Psychopathy is generally just genetic,
Thirteen : nothing you can do about it.
Thirteen : Something that hits 30 years after birth isn't going to be connected.
UNK: There are diseases that could lie dormant that long,
UNK: hit her heart, warp her brain.
Thirteen : Maybe a handful of diseases.
House : It'll be super awesome when we find it.
Foreman : Tertiary syphilis can cause pseudopsychopathic syndrome and cardiomyopathy.
House : Fits best. Start her on penicillin,
House : rule out Wilson's and Hashimoto's.
House : There's your handful. Wasn't so hard, was it?
UNK: You gotta do something about Thirteen.
Foreman : She flouted both my authority and yours.
House : Yes. And she got it right and you got it wrong.
Foreman : Which just aggravates the problem.
Foreman : She'll do it again. Next time, it won't work out so well.
UNK: You got to punish her.
House : You're her boss,
House : in some vague, never to be usefully defined way.
House : You punish her.
Foreman : I'm also her ex, which, as you know,
Foreman : makes it a little complicated.
House : The fact that you also fired her
House : takes it from a little complicated to a little moronic.
Foreman : It was the only way I...
House : It wasn't because you were too in love with her,