Michael : My wife wasn't the woman she said she was.
Michael : Our whole life together was a lie.
UNK: So, for 20 years,
Alexis : this woman was living under a false name? That's crazy.
Castle : Yeah. Her husband was pretty shaken up.
Martha : Trust me on this one, kiddo.
Martha : When a woman marries a man and doesn't bother to tell him
UNK: who she is for 20 years, she's a criminal.
UNK: Mata Hari. A shady lady.
Castle : In other words, a very good actress.
Martha : Speaking of which, you seem to have inherited a bit of my talent.
Castle : - Oh? How so? - The poker game. You let Beckett win.
Castle : - I don't know what you're talking about. - Oh, come on. I checked your cards.
Castle : I didn't want to take her money in front of all her friends.
Martha : Kate Beckett is not some bimbo
Martha : who needs big, strong you to look out for her.
Martha : She's a real woman, and a real woman does not want to be patronized.
Alexis : - She's right, Dad. - Yeah.
Castle : I was being nice!
UNK: Castle. Yeah, I'm on my way.
UNK: All right, I'm on my way to the precinct
UNK: to find out who this Mata Hari really was.
Ryan : Allison Goldman's e- mail account.
Ryan : Allison writes, "Lee, can we meet on Tuesday instead this week?"
Ryan : Lee writes back, "Sounds good. The usual place. "
Beckett : Tuesday, the day that she was murdered.
Castle : So, Allison's imaginary boyfriend has a very real e-mail account.
Ryan : He goes by the screen name "LWax220."
Ryan : The husband said it didn't sound familiar to him.
Esposito : Cyber tracked it down. Check this, Castle. The guy's a writer.
UNK: A real writer? Or a "I took a course at the Learning Annex" writer?
Esposito : Well, his name is Lee Wax.
Esposito : He writes true crime.
UNK: "an Eagle Scout, and the murder that shocked America. " Give me a break.
Beckett : Well, maybe he got tired of writing about other people's murders
Beckett : and decided to commit one on his own.
Castle : What's this?
Beckett : Your winnings from the other night.