Michael : This little place on 72nd called Lehane's.
Michael : She said that being there...
Michael : I'm sorry. She said that being there reminded her of the good old days.
UNK: So! I'm trying to put together a timeline of Allison Goldman's last hours.
UNK: First call I make is to Lehane's, the store where she worked.
UNK: I say to the owner, "Good morning, sir.
UNK: "I'd like to talk to you about your employee, Allison Goldman. "
UNK: Act One [00 : - And? - And he says, "Who?"
Castle : - Allison didn't work there. - Not yesterday, not ever.
Beckett : Well, if she wasn't going into the city three times a week for a job,
Beckett : then what was she doing there?
Esposito : And how did she come home Friday night
Esposito : with four hundred bucks in cash for the family kitty?
Ryan : Maybe Castle was right. Maybe this is about sex.
Esposito : The lady was a soccer mom.
UNK: Come by my daughter's school at about 3 : 30.
UNK: The place is like happy hour.
Beckett : Maybe she had a boyfriend.
Castle : Yes, a boyfriend. Someone she met in line at Zabar's,
Castle : or one afternoon at the museum when she ducked in to escape a rainstorm.
Castle : Maybe it was someone she already knew from the city.
Castle : Someone who reminded her of when times were good,
Castle : before she had to give up that cute apartment with the partial river view.
Esposito : Someone who was slipping her a little cash
Esposito : while he was slipping her something else.
Castle : Yeah. Allison Goldman wouldn't have some cheap affair.
Castle : This person would have had to have meant something to her.
Castle : Someone who cared for her. Someone who listened to her.
UNK: Only now, he wanted a little more in return for his investment,
UNK: Castle cont'd : - something she wasn't willing to do. - Like leave her husband.
Ryan : And when she wouldn't, then he got violent.
Esposito : - Yep. You know, I feel so stupid.
Beckett : Here I am, looking for evidence,
Beckett : and all I had to do was just make something up.
Beckett : So, this imaginary boyfriend-killer,
Beckett : do you think that he has an imaginary address?
UNK: Man's Voice o.s. : Detective Beckett?
Beckett : Mr. Goldman. What is it?
UNK: My lawyer called the Social Security office this morning