Lee : but the captain, Sam Pike, had come back.
Lee : He was paralyzed in the explosion.
Beckett : How did you track down Cynthia?
Lee : I didn't. She contacted me.
Lee : Cynthia had decided to turn herself in, but before she surrendered,
Lee : she wanted to get her story out to the public and express her remorse.
Castle : And get public opinion on her side.
Lee : It's a great way to influence a potential jury pool.
Beckett : But she did it, right? So, how was she planning on influencing them?
Lee : Cynthia told me that on the night of the bombing, she tried to back out.
Lee : When she realized that the captain was aboard,
Lee : she argued with Susan Mailer to call it off. But Susan refused.
Lee : Susan went to set the bomb herself and, ironically, died in the explosion.
Lee : She was vaporized.
Beckett : So, why would she come out of hiding now?
Lee : - Money. She needed the cash. - You were paying her?
Lee : Couple hundred a week. If the book had sold well...
Lee : I don't have to tell you how much money was at stake.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Cynthia?
Lee : Tuesday afternoon.
Beckett : Did she mention that she was going to see anyone else?
Beckett : Maybe someone from her past?
Lee : No, no. Cynthia was really paranoid
Lee : about being discovered before the book came out.
Lee : She didn't want me to get in touch with anyone from her old life.
Castle : But you did anyway.
Castle : Any true crime writer worth their salt
Castle : is gonna check her story with other sources.
Lee : Okay, so I made a few calls.
Beckett : These sources that you were talking to, did any of them want her dead?
Lee : Maybe. But remember, nobody knew how to find her.
Lee : I mean, I didn't even know where she lived.
Beckett : I'm gonna need to see your interview notes and your manuscript.
Lee : You can have whatever you want, but in return,
Lee : I'd like to be kept in the loop as the investigation proceeds.
Beckett : - What for? - My book.
Castle : Whoa. You're gonna go through with it? But Cynthia's dead.
Lee : Correction. Cynthia was murdered, which means her memoir
Lee : just became a true crime story, which is kind of my forte.
Lee : You'd be doing me a huge favor.
UNK: You know, I would love to,
Beckett : but I have a whole list of writers who are hanging around, looking for favors.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : So, thank you very much, though, for cooperating.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : And catch you on the dark side.
Lee : It's a pretty sweet gig you've scored for yourself, Mr. Castle.
Lee : Is this your secret to writing bestsellers?
Lee : Follow the pretty cop-lady around and take copious notes?
Castle : I like to think talent played a small part.
Lee : Still, this is the kind of all-access pass most writers would kill for.
Castle : Let's get to the part where you tell me what you want.
Lee : Well, maybe you can give me a call sometime, one professional to another.
Lee : Or do you need to check with your boss-lady?
Castle : Why don't you give me your number, and I'll see what I can do.
Castle : A domestic terrorist who clips coupons.
Castle : I just might buy the movie rights myself.
Beckett : Well, the bombing obviously wasn't a very sophisticated operation.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Susan Mailer was killed in the blast, and Jared Swanstrom was
UNK: caught by the FBI and served 15 years.
Castle : Allison Goldman, A.K.A. Cynthia Dern,
Castle : managed to stay a fugitive for nearly two decades.
Beckett : And then she poked her head out of hiding,
Beckett : and a couple of months later, she's dead.
Montgomery : Now, who would hold a grudge for 20 years?
Beckett : How about the people whose lives she's ruined?
Michael : You say she was living in Irvington?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Eleanor : That's just a couple of miles away from here.
Beckett : In the months leading up to her death, Cynthia was working with a journalist.
Eleanor : We spoke with Lee Wax several times.
Eleanor : She never told us Cynthia was involved.