UNK: Captain Pike : She should have. Excuse me. Will you excuse me, please?
UNK: This is hard for him. He's still angry about what happened. We all are.
Castle : This is your son? - Adam.
Castle : He's a sailor, just like his dad.
UNK: The settlement wasn't enough to cover all of Sam's medical costs.
UNK: Adam's been working and helping out since he was a teenager.
Beckett : Adam? I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Adam : Is this about her? Cynthia, or Allison, or whatever she called herself?
Beckett : Did you have any idea that she lived so close?
Adam : Didn't know, didn't care.
Beckett : You didn't care about the woman who almost killed your father?
Beckett : I find that hard to believe.
UNK: You know, my family waited 20 years for the cops to find Cynthia Dern,
Adam : so my dad could get just a little bit of justice.
Adam : Well, it's too late for that now. So, what do you want from us?
Beckett : Well, I thought you might want to know how Cynthia died.
Beckett : - She was drowned, in motor oil. - Motor oil?
Castle : It's almost as if whoever did it had a personal connection to the bombing.
Beckett : Adam, if I looked in your garage right now, would I find motor oil?
Adam : I own a boat and a car, Detective.
Beckett : And where were you last Tuesday?
Adam : I bartend at the Foxtail Grill on Manchester every Tuesday.
Adam : Are we done?
Beckett : Yes, for now. Thank you.
Castle : You know what? I hope his alibi checks out. I hope he didn't do it.
Beckett : And here, I thought you would be saying,
UNK: "What a great story it would make if Adam Pike did it.
UNK: "A son taking revenge for his father. "
Castle : It is a good story. It's a great story.
Castle : Personally, I would just write a happier ending for that family.
Esposito : Beckett. FBI files on the tanker bombing in '89.
Esposito : - I've been going through them. - And?
Esposito : Three days after the bombing,
Esposito : they captured Jared Swanstrom at a motel where he'd been hiding out.
Esposito : Feds had a tip line. Some helpful citizen calls,
Esposito : and said they'd seen Swanstrom at the motel.
Esposito : Feds go in, grab him up. Easy-peasy.
Beckett : It's pretty standard stuff.
Esposito : Yeah, until you get to the part where the tipster never collects on the reward.
Beckett : And who was the tipster?
Esposito : That's just it. The FBI never knew, because she didn't leave a name.
Beckett : - "She"? - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Records describe the voice as "young and female. "
Beckett : It could be Cynthia Dern.
Beckett : Do you think she would give up her friends to the cops?
Esposito : Doesn't matter what I think. Only matters what Swanstrom thought.
UNK: The guy did 15 years in prison.
Castle : That's a long time to think about who put you there.
Lee : - Jared Swanstrom? - Yeah.
Beckett : NYPD. We'd like to ask you some questions about Cynthia Dern.
Swanstrom : I'm not sure what I can tell you. I hadn't seen her in 20 years.
Castle : But you knew she was writing a book, right? You spoke to Lee Wax?
Swanstrom : I spoke with her. I told her to give Cynthia my regards.
Beckett : So, you weren't bearing any old grudges?
Swanstrom : Against Cynthia? What for?
Castle : For turning you in.
UNK: It was Cynthia who called the cops the night you were arrested.
Swanstrom : Well, if that's true, she was just trying to save herself.
Swanstrom : Right after the bombing, Cynthia wanted to run.
UNK: You know, try to make it to Canada. But I fell apart.
Martha : - Why? - Guilt.
Swanstrom : I'm the one who built the bomb. I'm the one who messed it up.
UNK: Messed it up, how?
Swanstrom : The girls were supposed to have three minutes
Swanstrom : to get off that ship before it went off. Three minutes.
Swanstrom : But when Cynthia got back in the car that night,
Swanstrom : she said that something had gone wrong,
Swanstrom : that the bomb had... Had blown early.
Swanstrom : I'm the reason that Susan Mailer is dead.
Martha : At least one of them took responsibility for what happened that night.
Castle : Yeah. Maybe even a little too much responsibility.
Alexis : You don't believe Jared Swanstrom's story?
Castle : That's the thing. It's not his story, it's Cynthia's.
Martha : You want to break it down for those of us who've already had a glass of wine?
UNK: Castle re : Cynthia told Lee Wax that she and Susan Mailer had an argument
UNK: Castle re : as to whether or not to set off the bomb,
UNK: Castle re : once they knew the captain was on board.
UNK: Castle re : Cynthia backed out. Susan went on to set off the bomb by herself.