UNK: Alexis Castle : So there'll be time to hit the beach while we're in LA, right?
UNK: No, we're here to learn about my missing time, not work on your tan.
Alexis : Give me a little credit, Dad. I'm not that shallow.
Alexis : We were hoping to scope out some quality man candy.
UNK: - Hmm, surfers are hot. - Mmm.
Castle : You are a bad influence.
Hayley : - Thank you. - That's not a...
Castle : Never mind. Look,
UNK: Koreatown's about 20 minutes away.
UNK: The restaurant I was in is not gonna be open for another few hours.
UNK: Giving us plenty oftime to settle in.
Castle : Hi, Richard Castle.
Hayley : - Later. - Reservation for...
Alexis : Hmm, not too shabby.
Castle : Glad you like it.
Castle : 'Cause this is going to be home base, and you're going to be running it
Castle : while Hayley and I hit the streets.
Alexis : Wait. That's not fair.
Castle : Too bad. we don't know what we're going to find here.
Castle : I was shot while I was missing, remember?
UNK: That could've happened in LA.
Hayley : Your father's right.
Hayley : Until we get more information, we have to proceed with caution.
Castle : Look on the bright side.
Castle : There are worse places to be trapped than a five-star hotel with room service.
Bellboy : Mr. Castle, we've got your luggage.
Castle : Great, just, uh, put it right in there for me.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: On second thought, I'm good here.
Hayley : Maybe I'll wait with you.
Castle : What's this?
Bellboy : Messenger dropped that off for you a few minutes ago.
Hayley : Thank you.
Alexis : Who's it from?
Castle : I'm not sure.
UNK: "Mr. Castle. Your services are required."
UNK: "A body has been found at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery."
UNK: "The LAPD needs your help."
UNK: And it's signed "The GDS."
UNK: who's "GDS"?
Castle : The Greatest Detective Society.
Alexis : - What's that? - It's the greatest detective society.
Castle : It's a legendary organization.
Castle : Rumor has it, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was a secret member.
UNK: And it's a myth.
UNK: It's a fairy tale old PI's tell rookies to get them to do the scut work.
Castle : Said the detective that didn't get an invitation.
UNK: AII right. Real or not, we're here to investigate your missing time, Dad.
Alexis : Not a murder.
Castle : Right. But the restaurant doesn't open for another couple of hours.
Castle : Hollywood Forever Cemetery is on the way.
UNK: It can't hurt to take a look. Right?
UNK: How are we gonna get in there?
Castle : I've got it. You create a diversion...
Hayley : Uh, excuse me.
UNK: Hello, excuse me? Hey, excuse me?
Hayley : Looking for Detective Menendez.
UNK: He's, uh, with the ME.
Hayley : Thank you.
Hayley : Kurt! Hey!
UNK: Detective Kurt Menendez : Hayley, I did not know you were in town.
Hayley : Yeah, we just got in from New York.
Hayley : This is Richard Castle. Kurt Menendez. Major Crimes Division.
Castle : - Great to meet you. - Likewise.
Menendez : Doing a little grisly sightseeing?
UNK: Uh, no pleasure this time, just business.
Menendez : What kind of business?
Hayley : Oh, come on, Kurt, you know the drill. Client confidentiality and all that.
Hayley : But anything we find, we'll share with you.
Menendez : I've heard that one before.
Hayley : Yes, but any failures on my part have always been remedied
Hayley : with the finest single malt, so what do you say?
UNK: And let us in for a little look-see?
UNK: Yes?
Menendez : - Sure. Come on. - Thank you.
UNK: Thanks.
Menendez : Our victim's name is Phillip Harris. Local private investigator.
Menendez : ME said he was killed around midnight. Throat cut.
Menendez : And then the killer took out his heart.
Hayley : Done with surgical precision?