Kendall : For now.
Castle : Wow, this is actually gonna work out great.
Castle : While you and Kendall keep Austin distracted,
Castle : I'll search his house for proof that he's the Phantom.
Castle : Membership in the GDS is as good as mine.
Hayley : Yay for you.
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : What's wrong?
Castle : Was it the kiss with Kendall? was it?
Castle : Too much tongue? Not enough tongue?
UNK: No... well, not enough.
Hayley : No, Kendall was right. This is not a game.
UNK: IfAustin Elektra is in fact the Phantom,
UNK: then we're walking right into the lair of a serial killer.
Castle : I'm sorry. Repeat everything you said after "not enough."
Hayley : Oh, God have mercy.
Esposito : - Hey, Kev. - Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
Ryan : What's up, partner?
Esposito : Castle and Hayley might be on to something.
Esposito : Turns out that movie director was in New York
Esposito : during two of the Phantom's murders.
Ryan : What about the third?
Esposito : Based on financials, there's no indication where Austin was.
UNK: Which means he could've been here
Ryan : committing that third New York homicide.
Ryan : This could be our guy.
UNK: Yeah, I'm gonna keep digging. Oh, and, uh...
Espsoito : what is this, bro?
Esposito : What are you hiding from me?
Esposito : And who is Tyler Ross,
Esposito : and why are you running a background check on him?
Ryan : Tyler's nobody.
UNK: Um, well, you see... Okay, Jenny and I, we're looking to have a new nanny.
Ryan : Or in Tyler's case, a manny.
UNK: What?
Esposito : Stop it. You're, like, the worst liar ever.
Esposito : Who is this guy?
Ryan : He's Lanie's new boyfriend.
Ryan : She wanted me to check him out. But not to tell you.
Esposito : You know what this means, right?
UNK: We are gonna have some fun at Lanie's expense.
Ryan : Hey, Lanie. I got your text.
Lanie : And I've got your murder weapon. A picture of it, anyway.
Lanie : I used the autopsies of the Phantom's victims to generate this.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Those serrations near the base are pretty distinctive.
Lanie : Exactly. Find the knife...
Ryan : Find the killer. Nice work.
Lanie : So how's the background check going?
Ryan : Oh, pretty good. So far.
Lanie : I don't like the sound of that.
UNK: No, there's nothing to worry about. Yet. It's just a rumor.
Lanie : Let's hear it.
Ryan : Okay. He's got a thing about clowns.
Lanie : That's okay. Lots of people are afraid of clowns.
Ryan : Oh, no, no, he's not afraid of them. He likes them.
UNK: Like a fetish?
Lanie : Oh, good Lord.
UNK: I haven't verified it yet. I'd still have to speak with one of his exes.
Lanie : Okay. Keep me posted, will you?
Castle : Ryan, that is excellent. Thank you.
Castle : Now, just hold off on giving it to LAPD just until morning.
Castle : We have a plan to expose who's behind this.
UNK: We'll get ourselves killed.
Castle : Having second thoughts?
Hayley : No. what could possibly go wrong?
UNK: Look. This is the murder weapon.
UNK: AII you have to do is distract Austin Iong enough for me to find this knife.
UNK: Let's just hope you don't find it in one of our backs.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Wow! ALEXIS : Ooh!
Alexis : Sorry. I was setting up a few counter-surveillance precautions.
Castle : You think we're being bugged?
Alexis : We aren't sure exactly what or who we're looking for out here.
Alexis : So I figured we can't be sure who's looking for us.
Hayley : So what tripped the alarm?
Alexis : Maybe the sensor's turned up too high.
UNK: Ahaha ha!
Castle : I'll be damned.
Castle : Looks like this watch is good for something other than
Castle : taking care of checks at Korean restaurants.
UNK: Hello.
UNK: Someone's hardwired a GPS transmitter to the watch's battery.
UNK: Do you think it's CIA, Ieft over from my Thailand mission?
UNK: Possible. Doubt we'll ever know for sure.
Alexis : Can't we track down where it was purchased?
Hayley : No, I'm afraid this transmitter is incredibly common,
Hayley : which makes tracking it almost impossible.
Alexis : But we have to try, right?
UNK: I mean, it's why we're here.
Castle : Kendall. wow. You certainly have baited the hook.
UNK: I had to. Especially considering it's gonna be two against one tonight.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Kendall : Come on, Rick.
Kendall : I know you're going to sneak into Austin's house to look for evidence
Kendall : while Hayley and I distract him.
UNK: I'm no fool, but you are ifyou think your Iittle plan will work without these.
UNK: Schematics to Austin Elektra's house. Where did you get those?
Kendall : Don't worry your pretty little head about that.
UNK: "Pretty."
Kendall : while Hayley and I distract Austin, you need to look for this.
Kendall : It's a false wall.
Castle : A secret room.
Castle : That would be the perfect place for Austin to hide
Castle : the grisly trophies he takes from his victims.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Now, ifyou find evidence that Austin is the killer,
UNK: I get equal credit. No double crosses.
UNK: Deal.