UNK: Now, I think we, and by "we," I mean the two ofyou,
Castle : might be able to find something on there
UNK: that'll give us a lead to find his west Coast counterpart.
Hayley : Rick, we need to talk.
Ryan : About what?
Alexis : I'll give you two the room.
Hayley : You remember when we first met?
Castle : How could I forget? You sucker punched me in the face.
Hayley : No. No, we'd met before that.
Hayley : A year and a half earlier, to be precise.
Castle : You mean, this whole time you knew?
Castle : Who the hell are you?
Hayley : I'm Hayley.
Hayley : I didn't lie about that. Technically, I didn't lie about anything.
UNK: I misrepresented, sure, but I didn't lie.
Castle : But why?
Hayley : Because a year and a half ago, you asked me to.
Hayley : In fact, you begged.
Castle : I don't understand.
Hayley : Ages ago, I did some freelance work for MI6.
UNK: And I met an American spy on an Op.
UNK: He was an older gentleman. Very handsome.
Hayley : Smart as a whip.
Castle : My father.
Hayley : Jackson Hunt.
UNK: A year and a half ago, he calls me.
Hayley : Asks me to keep an eye out on you, here in LA.
Hayley : Said you were sticking your nose where it didn't belong.
Castle : What did he say I was doing?
Hayley : I didn't ask, he didn't say.
Hayley : But I do know that after your two weeks in Thailand,
Hayley : your undercover mission for the CIA was over.
Hayley : And you were supposed to go home.
Hayley : But, instead, you went rogue and you came to LA.
Hayley : To keep tabs on you, I borrowed a GPS tracker from a friend of mine, Malcolm,
Hayley : and I placed it...
Castle : In my watch. That was you.
Hayley : Yeah, only you left it in that Korean restaurant.
UNK: So, I lost track ofyou.
Hayley : By the time I found you, you had been shot in the side.
Castle : - Who shot me? - You wouldn't say.
Hayley : You did mention your CIA handler, a guy named Jenkins.
Hayley : And you said that you were going to go and ask him
Hayley : to erase everything that had happened to you here.
Castle : But that doesn't sound like me. I'm curious by nature.
Castle : Why would I do that?
Hayley : I have no clue.
Hayley : But you were adamant.
Hayley : And you made me promise that if I ever met you again,
Hayley : I'd never say any of this.
Castle : That doesn't explain why you stuck around.
Castle : Why you agreed to come work with me.
UNK: I'm fond ofyou, Rick.
Hayley : And I adore your daughter.
Hayley : And after a lifetime of caring about nobody but myself,
Hayley : I decided to stick around and keep an eye on you two.
UNK: This is like a Philip K. Dick novel.
Castle : Wish I could go back in time, tell myself not to erase my memories.
Hayley : Or you could trust that you did it with good reason.
Hayley : Maybe just let your lost time go.
UNK: Because ifyou keep looking, ifyou keep searching for that answer,
Hayley : well, there's no telling what kind of hell you'll unleash.
UNK: Dad?
Alexis : What did Hayley tell you?
Veronica : The truth.
Alexis : Why did Hayley lie to us?
Castle : Because I asked her to.
Hayley : It's complicated.
UNK: - But can you trust her? - Yes.
UNK: Absolutely.
Castle : And you can, too.
Alexis : But you can't trust me with the truth.
Castle : Hang on, Alexis, that's not about trust.
Castle : I am your father.
Castle : And from the day you came into this world,
UNK: it's been myjob to protect you.
Alexis : So, what's our next move?
Castle : There is no next move.
UNK: We'll let sleeping dogs lie.
UNK: It's safer that way, for everyone.
Hayley : I'm really sorry to interrupt, but I think I've found something.
Castle : On Phillip's homicide?
Hayley : Yeah, I was going through Jordan Keegan's computer files
Hayley : and I found something interesting.
Castle : - It's a screenplay. - Hmm.
Alexis : Gemini Killers.
Hayley : Yeah, it's a dreadful story about a serial-killing duo.
Hayley : Not sure, but it might give us some insight.
Castle : I've seen this before.
Hayley : The script?
UNK: No, the notes. In the margins here. This odd handwriting.
Castle : I know who the killer is.
Trevor : No, I cannot hold, I...
Trevor : It's Trevor Nigel.
Trevor : You're going to have to move that.
Menendez : Trevor Nigel. You're under arrest.
Hayley : Excuse me?
Menendez : We found the knife that killed Phillip Harris.