Ryan : - Any matches? - Yeah.
Esposito : Crews was a writing teacher at the New School.
UNK: One of his early students is a successful screenwriter
Esposito : named Jordan Keegan,
Esposito : who now lives in New York, but happened to be on the studio lot in LA
Esposito : when the murder weapons went missing.
Ryan : Let's pick his ass up.
UNK: So you're doing a news story on my nephew Malcolm, huh?
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. It's about war heroes. - Oh.
Dorothy : Look. Isn't he handsome?
Alexis : Oh, yeah.
Dorothy : But like I said, he's out of the country. His job keeps him really busy.
Dorothy : Let me get you his number, okay?
Castle : - Thanks. - I'll be right back.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Miss McCabe, I have to go. Thank you for your time.
Hayley : Damn it, Alexis, you're just like your old man.
Hayley : Can't leave things alone.
Alexis : Are you going to kill me?
UNK: What?
Hayley : Why would you say that?
Alexis : I don't know. Maybe because you're connected to my dad's missing time,
Alexis : and now you're hiding in the back of my rental car.
Hayley : Alexis, I would never hurt you.
UNK: This isn't what you think.
Alexis : What the hell is your game, Hayley?
Hayley : Believe me, you don't want to know. Neither does your father.
Alexis : Why not?
Hayley : It's complicated.
Esposito : Jordan Keegan? we need to talk.
Ryan : About what?
Ryan : Well, your name came up in a homicide.
Castle : This is the murder weapon. It's a prop from a movie that you wrote.
UNK: So?
Esposito : So, did you happen to keep one as a souvenir?
Ryan : Perhaps two? One for yourself, one for your partner out in Los Angeles.
Jordan : What are you guys talking about?
Ryan : We're talking about Pat Crews, your old writing teacher.
Esposito : He was killed with a knife shaped exactly like that one.
UNK: Hey!
Woman : Help me!
Ryan : - Let her go, Jordan. - Stand back!
Esposito : You've got nowhere to go! Drop the scissors!
Jordan : Listen, fellas, I'm a writer, so trust me when I say
UNK: ifthe villain surrenders, it's just so unsatisfying.
Jordan : That's why they always go out in style.
Esposito : Just relax, Jordan.
Ryan : Don't do anything stupid.
Jordan : Stupid? Me?
Jordan : How can you say that when we've outsmarted you for years?
UNK: Who's "we"? who's your partner in LA?
Jordan : A genius.
Jordan : He believed in me.
Jordan : Took my visions, made them real!
Ryan : - Give us a name, Jordan. - You'll never find him.
Castle : Okay. No, I understand. Thank you.
Castle : Hey, that was Ryan and Esposito.
Castle : They had to kill Jordan Keegan,
UNK: but he sent us digital copies of Jordan's computer.