UNK: AII seven were killed with a knife.
Ryan : Any pattern besides the knife?
Lanie : No, the victims are all over the map.
Lanie : Four men. Three women. Different ethnicities and ages.
Lanie : Each of the victims had something removed.
Lanie : An ear, an eye, a finger.
Ryan : Why? what's the significance of that?
Lanie : There is none.
Lanie : And because of the randomness, no one was able to connect the murders
Lanie : until Phillip Harris, of course.
Esposito : So Phillip was right.
UNK: A serial killer has been hunting in LA and New York for three years
Esposito : completely under the radar.
UNK: AII this way for a dead end.
Hayley : It might be for the best. Ignorance is bliss.
Castle : No. Ignorance is hell.
Bellboy : Mr. Castle.
Castle : The GDS is requesting my presence at headquarters.
Castle : This must mean I passed their test and they want me to join their ranks.
Hayley : I hate to burst your fanboy bubble,
Hayley : but how do you know this is on the up and up?
UNK: Is this on the up and up?
Chauffeur : Yes, sir.
Castle : - What are you doing? - Watching your back.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Uh, we've...
UNK: Hello.
UNK: Mason Wood : Mr. Castle, Miss Shipton.
UNK: It's a pleasure to meet both ofyou.
UNK: Mason Wood : I'm Mason wood.
Castle : What a pleasure. I cannot even believe I'm here.
Castle : This is a dream come true.
UNK: That's very kind ofyou to say.
UNK: Mason Wood : Our society has a long and rich history,
UNK: Mason Wood : and our membership spans every continent, save Antarctica.
Castle : Not too many murders there.
UNK: Mason Wood : No. No.
UNK: Mason Wood : Although I did find a lost Chinese treasure ship
UNK: Mason Wood : hidden in an iceberg in 2007.
UNK: Mason Wood : Now, I hate to do this, but I need to speak to Mr. Castle alone.
UNK: Mason Wood : I'm sure you understand, Miss Shipton.
UNK: No.
UNK: I can stay here, ifthat's what you mean.
UNK: Excellent. This way.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Mason Wood : As you can see, we have assembled a few of our members.
Castle : Hi. Hi.
Castle : Hi. Hi.
UNK: Hi...
Castle : I know you.
Castle : You were at the crime scene. You're a cop.
UNK: Kendall Frost : No. But I wear the hell out of a uniform.
UNK: Mason Wood : This is Kendall Frost. She's a private detective
UNK: Mason Wood : based out of San Francisco.
Castle : I'm afraid I'm a little confused. What exactly are we doing here?
UNK: Mason Wood : Phillip Harris was a member of our society. His death is a tragedy.
UNK: Mason Wood : But it is also an opportunity. For you or Miss Frost.
UNK: Mason Wood : Phillip's death has left an opening in our ranks.
UNK: Whichever one ofyou solves his murder will be invited in.
Castle : Phillip Harris was right.
Castle : There is a phantom serial killer murdering people on both coasts.
Hayley : That's clever. Splitting up his hunting ground
UNK: kept everyone from knowing his existence.
Hayley : Did the boys get any leads?
UNK: Just one. His sister said that Phillip Harris was working undercover
Castle : at Zenith Studios.
Alexis : They're the ones that ruined the Nikki Heat movie franchise.
Castle : Not ruined. Destroyed, terminated,
Castle : extirpated, vaporized, eviscerated...
Hayley : Do you plan on running through the full thesaurus?
Castle : No, I think that'll about do it.
Castle : Anyway, Phillip thought
UNK: someone in the studios was the Phantom.
Alexis : Makes sense.
Alexis : Plenty of people connected with the film industry are bicoastal.
Hayley : Directors, producers, cinematographers...
UNK: And actors, who are all borderline sociopaths, by the way.
Hayley : You don't have to tell me.
Hayley : Hey, did anyone at Zenith know that Phillip was working there undercover?
UNK: Just one. The head of the studio.
UNK: Ah, let's go talk to him.
Hayley : Thank you.
UNK: I'm so going to get that spot in the Greatest Detective Society.
Castle : I mean, there's no way Kendall has access to the kind of details that I have.
Hayley : Oh, don't get cocky, Rick. You haven't solved the murder yet.
Castle : - Hide me. - What? How?
Courtney : Rick Castle.
Castle : Oh, hi, Courtney.
UNK: Hey. I'm Courtney.
Hayley : Hayley. So what's going on, you guys have a beef or something?
UNK: Me and Rick? No, no way. we're buds.
UNK: Oh, buds?
Castle : Last time I saw you, you tried to run me down with a golf cart