Castle : because I wouldn't let you get cast in the Nikki Heat movie.
Courtney : But what I didn't know then, which I do now,
UNK: was that your movie was gonna be quite possibly the worst movie ever made.
Courtney : Not being cast in your movie was the best thing
UNK: that could've happened to my career.
Courtney : So, thanks! Let's do lunch sometime.
Courtney : Nice meeting you.
Castle : Say hi to Brandon.
Castle : Can you believe her? "worst movie ever made"?
Hayley : Yeah, I can believe her. It was a terrible film.
Castle : Well, that was all thanks to this really obtuse studio executive.
Castle : What the hell was his name?
UNK: Trevor Nigel : Trevor Nigel. And you must be Richard Castle.
Hayley : - Yes. - We've only ever talked on the phone.
Castle : Yeah. Nice to finally put a face to all those notes.
Castle : Thank you so much for seeing us without an appointment.
Trevor : Are you kidding me?
Trevor : This is fate. I'm serious, Rick.
UNK: Your name literally just came up in our last story development meeting.
Castle : It did?
Trevor : Look, I know this studio did a poor job producing Heat Wave,
Trevor : but believe me, I fought for your vision.
Trevor : And now that I am running the studio,
Trevor : it is time to get back in the Richard Castle business.
Castle : Oh, well, thank you. I'm flattered.
Castle : But we're not actually here about my books.
Castle : We're actually looking into the murder of Phillip Harris.
Trevor : Yes, I heard about that. It was shocking.
Trevor : Phil was a great guy. He saved my ass a couple ofyears ago.
Trevor : Got photos of my ex having an affair with our personal psychic.
UNK: Guard 1 : - Oh? - Saved me millions.
Hayley : So, Phillip's sister told us that you gave him permission
Hayley : to go undercover here at the studio.
Trevor : Yes, Phil said he was working a new case.
Trevor : He asked for a favor, I owed him one, so I said okay.
Hayley : And who was he investigating?
UNK: He wanted access to Austin Elektra.
Castle : The movie director?
UNK: Yes, he's shooting a movie over on 1.
UNK: Gladiators. It's gonna make a billion in China.
UNK: Hold on, you don't think that Austin had something to do with Phil's murder?
Hayley : Was Austin filming last night?
Trevor : He was supposed to.
Trevor : But for some reason, he shut down production early and took off.
Castle : About what time did he leave the lot?
UNK: I heard around 11 : 00. why?
UNK: Giving him lots oftime to get to that cemetery.
Castle : Where do we find Stage 1?
Castle : You work out?
Hayley : Oh, look, there's Austin.
Hayley : So, how do you want to play this?
Castle : Well, if he did kill Phillip Harris, he's bound to be on guard.
UNK: So we can't let him know that we're looking at him as a suspect.
UNK: Mason Wood : - Kendall? - Oh, she's good.
Castle : How did she get onto Austin so quick?
Castle : We're done for.
UNK: She already got him wrapped around her skinny little finger.
Hayley : Don't say I never did anything for you.
Hayley : There you are, darling.
UNK: So, who's our new friend?
UNK: Babe, this is Austin Elektra.
UNK: Guard 1 : - Hi. - Hi.
Austin : So I just invited your girlfriend up to my place later.
UNK: Assistant Director : Ready to rehearse.
Austin : You're more than welcome to join ifyou want.
Hayley : Oh, that sounds naughty. I love naughty.
UNK: Assistant Director : Ready to rehearse.
Austin : Gotta go. See you ladies tonight.
UNK: Absolutely.
Kendall : Are you kidding me with this?
Hayley : Oh, come on, sweetie, all's fair in love and murder investigations.
Kendall : What, do you think this is a game?
Castle : As hot as it would be to see you two fight,
Castle : especially after that kiss, we need to work together on this.
Castle : It is in all our best interests.
UNK: AII right. we'll work together.