Trevor : Without attracting suspicion.
Trevor : Sadly, he could never nail the end.
UNK: Well, we did. And you've reached it.
Trevor : Maybe you should do the rewrite.
Trevor : Call my assistant to set up a meeting.
UNK: You know what, I'm good.
Castle : Besides, I think your next picture is going to be a prison drama.
UNK: - Hey, you still pissed at me? - Yup.
Hayley : Oh, come on.
Hayley : I'll make it up to you the next time I'm in town.
Lanie : You better.
Castle : - That was really cute. - Oh, stop it.
UNK: Kendall!
UNK: Ha, nice to see you. How was San Pedro?
Castle : There wasn't too much traffic, was there?
Castle : What freeway did you take?
Kendall : Well played, Castle.
Kendall : You beat me, unfair and square.
UNK: AII right, let's get this over with.
Esposito : Where is she? Her text said it was important.
Ryan : I don't know.
Esposito : - Let's go, then. - Yeah.
Ryan : - Hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey! - Hey!
Esposito : What'd you do that for?
Lanie : I confronted Tyler about his bed-wetting...
Ryan : Hey, hey, hey!
Ryan : Look, we're sorry, okay?
Lanie : It's far from okay.
Lanie : We broke up.
Esposito : Well, we'll talk to him. We'll work it out.
Lanie : No, I broke up with him.
UNK: After he denied being a bed-wetter, he admitted to having a fetish for...
Lanie : Ooh, let's just say it was nasty.
Ryan : What do you mean, nasty?
Esposito : Yeah? what kind of nasty things is this dude into?
Lanie : Get out of my morgue!
UNK: Losers!
UNK: Mason Wood : The competition has ended.
UNK: Mason Wood : Richard Castle, you have solved the murder of Phillip Harris.
Castle : Thank you. Thank you very much. You're too kind.
UNK: You have proven yourselfworthy,
UNK: Mason Wood : and we, the members of the Greatest Detective Society,
UNK: Mason Wood : offer you a place at our table.
Castle : I'm humbled and flattered.
Castle : - But I'm afraid I must decline. - What?
Castle : What are you doing?
UNK: This is a once-in-a-Iifetime opportunity to work with the best of the best.
Castle : Not for me.
Castle : I already work with the greatest detective in the world,
Castle : and I cannot wait to get back home to her.
Castle : But, sir, you should seriously consider Kendall for membership.
Castle : She's one hell of a detective, and sneaky in all the right ways.
UNK: You sure about this?
Castle : Absolutely, sir.
UNK: Mason Wood : You just keep getting more and more interesting, Mr. Castle.
UNK: I'm gonna have to keep an eye on you.
UNK: Okay.
Hayley : Are you not packed?
Castle : I can't do it.
Hayley : Pack your clothes?
Castle : Walk away.
Castle : Hayley, I need to know what happened to me.
Hayley : Okay, there's one last thing.
Hayley : Just before you left to get your memories erased,
Hayley : you came to me with one final request.
Castle : Like what kind of request?
UNK: That ifyou demanded to know the truth, I show you this.
Espsoito : What is this?
Hayley : It's a secret website on the dark web.
Castle : What's on it?
Hayley : Not a clue. You installed a password that only you would know.
UNK: Called it "Blair's combination."
UNK: That's from a short story I wrote when I was 17.
Castle : Never saw the light of day. What was that combination?
UNK: 4 left, 17 right...
UNK: 21 left.
Hayley : I'll step out.
Castle : No, no. You've, uh, you've earned the right to see this.
UNK: Castle on Video : Hey there, buddy.
UNK: Castle on Video : It's me. And by me, I mean you.
UNK: Castle on Video : And if you're seeing this, then you are an idiot.
UNK: Castle on Video : Because you are trying to figure out what happened to you in Los Angeles.
UNK: Castle on Video : What you discovered about Bracken's partnership with LokSat
UNK: is too dangerous to pursue.
UNK: LokSat?
Castle : I knew about LokSat?
UNK: I am barely-living proof.
UNK: Castle on Video : I was shot trying to figure out where LokSat's plane was landing tonight.
UNK: Castle on Video : I barely escaped without being identified.
UNK: Castle on Video : I am erasing our mind for a reason.
UNK: Castle on Video : To protect Kate.
UNK: Castle on Video : Because if she found out,
UNK: Castle on Video : then she will die.
UNK: So, do not tell her what you discovered in Los Angeles.
UNK: Castle on Video : For her sake.
Castle : Do you know what this means?
Hayley : Yes, you tracked LokSat.
UNK: If we can cross-reference airports
Hayley : and identify what airplane landed the night you were shot,
Hayley : then we have a real chance at finding out who LokSat really is.
UNK: Mason Wood : No, no.
Castle : It means what happened was my fault.
Castle : The murders of Beckett's former AG team.
Castle : In trying to protect Beckett from LokSat,
UNK: I inadvertently sentenced them all to death.