Menendez : - Not particularly. - Hmm.
Menendez : So, New York, huh?
Hayley : Yeah, just flew in this morning.
UNK: It's funny. Because our victim just flew back from New York yesterday morning.
UNK: I left word for his sister who lives there.
Hayley : Crazy coincidence.
Castle : You know, I work very closely with the 12th Precinct in New York.
Castle : Detectives Ryan and Esposito.
UNK: They could talk to Harris' sister for you,
UNK: maybe run down any New York clues.
Menendez : Okay, thanks. I'll give them a call. Excuse me.
Castle : Tell them I said hi. They love me.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Castle? He's a giant pain in the ass. But he's good people. Okay.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Uh, yeah, sure, we'll help. We'll interview Harris's sister Veronica.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Yeah, why don't you send us a copy of the murder book, okay? Thanks.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I need a favor. But you can't tell Javi.
Ryan : I don't know if I'm comfortable with that.
Lanie : It's not bad. It's just...
Lanie : I met a guy. I like him. And I want you to run a background check on him.
UNK: Romantic.
Lanie : Seriously. In this day and age, you can't trust anyone.
Lanie : I don't want to fall for the guy, and then discover
Lanie : he's got a thing for putting the lotion in the basket.
Ryan : Okay, I'll, uh, check it out.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Check what out?
UNK: Uh, this, uh, this rash that I have.
UNK: Yeah, I wanted to get Lanie's medical opinion on it.
Esposito : Too much information, bro.
Lanie : Yeah, that's what I said. Later, boys.
UNK: The first thing we need to do is
Castle : figure out what case Phillip Harris was working on.
Castle : Odds are, that's what got him killed.
UNK: Look, I love a gruesome murder as much as the next girl,
Hayley : but we don't have a client.
Hayley : And impressing that ridiculous detective society
Hayley : isn't exactly on the top of my list.
Castle : Well, it's on mine.
Castle : But first let's see if anyone knows what I was doing here a year and a half ago.
Castle : Yeah, this is definitely the place.
UNK: Two for lunch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : The watch.
Hayley : Richard, what's going on?
UNK: You were here 18 months ago.
UNK: Yeah, it's my place. So?
Hayley : Do you recognize him?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : No. Should I?
UNK: Uh, I was here about, um...
Castle : I was here about a year and a half ago.
Castle : Something happened, you yelled at me...
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : Oh, you're the guy with the watch.
Castle : What watch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : You couldn't pay, and then I was gonna call the cops on you,
UNK: and then, uh, you gave me your watch to hold on to,
UNK: said you were gonna come back for it, but you never came.
Castle : - Was I with anybody? - Uh, no.
Castle : Did I talk to anybody? Did I tell you where I'd been, or where I was going?
UNK: No. You, uh, just ate and then you left, uh, you gave me your watch first.
Castle : Do you still have the watch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : Best wingman I ever had.
Castle : It does not look familiar.
Castle : And it's a knock-off. But it's the freshest clue we have.
Castle : - I'll buy it back from you. - Sure.
UNK: Veronica Harris : My brother was right.
Ryan : Right about what?
Veronica : The Phantom.
Veronica : A serial killer Phillip was hunting.
Veronica : He stumbled onto it working a missing person's case.
Esposito : We haven't heard of any active serials nicknamed "the Phantom".
Veronica : That's why Phillip called him the Phantom,
Veronica : because no one has any idea that he exists.
Veronica : According to Phillip,
Veronica : the Phantom had been killing people in Los Angeles and New York
Veronica : for the last several years.
Esposito : A bicoastal serial killer?
Veronica : Right before Phillip flew back to LA,
UNK: he told me that he'd had a break in the case.
Veronica : That he was close to identifying the Phantom.
UNK: He must've gotten too close to the truth.
Lanie : I pulled autopsy reports on the Phantom's alleged victims.
Lanie : A total of seven. Four in LA, three in New York.