UNK: - Detective Menendez. Please come in. - You know...
Menendez : I expect to be screwed over by an asshat that I don't know.
Menendez : But not from one who's supposed to be my friend.
Hayley : I take it you heard about what happened at Austin Elektra's house last night.
Menendez : You said you'd keep me in the loop.
Hayley : Look, we can explain.
UNK: Uh, Austin had a prop knife that matched the murder weapon.
Menendez : And our lab tested it this morning, it's clean.
Hayley : Did you manage to track down the other four knives used in the movie?
Menendez : Two of the knives are still at the studio warehouse.
Menendez : They came up clean, too.
Menendez : And according to the prop master, who alibied out by the way,
Menendez : the last two knives went missing.
UNK: Lanie discovered there are two different murderers
Castle : operating on either coast using identical weapons.
UNK: AII we have to do...
Menendez : Oh, whoa, whoa, no, no, no. See, there is no "we." You two are done.
UNK: And if I catch either ofyou working this case,
Menendez : I'll have you both arrested for obstruction.
UNK: Guard 1 : - Ah! - No, no, no, um...
Castle : Hey, maybe a little single malt scotch will smooth things over.
Menendez : Go home.
Hayley : Excuse me.
Bellboy : This just came for you, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Oh, um, thanks.
Castle : Looks like Menendez isn't the only one unhappy about last night.
Castle : Mason wants to see Kendall and me right away.
Castle : Good luck.
Alexis : What's that?
UNK: This is payback.
UNK: Mason Wood : Thanks for coming in.
UNK: Where is everyone else?
UNK: Their enthusiasm for both ofyou waned
UNK: Mason Wood : after the way you conducted yourselves last night.
UNK: Mason Wood : It was messy. Boorish.
UNK: Mason Wood : Lacking the sophistication we expect from any potential member.
Castle : - It was her fault. - It was his fault.
UNK: Mason Wood : No, it was my fault,
UNK: for thinking that either ofyou could ever have filled Phillip's shoes.
Castle : Mr. wood, please, give me another chance.
Kendall : No, give me another chance. I will find Phillip's killer.
Castle : She won't. She's been two steps behind me this whole time.
Kendall : Behind you? I got to Austin first.
Castle : And I got to the knife.
Castle : And although it wasn't the actual murder weapon,
Castle : thank you to my contacts at the NYPD,
Castle : I have the address to the prop master's cousin in San Pedro
Castle : who kept two of the last prop knives for himself as souvenirs.
Castle : You see, I am close.
UNK: Okay. And may the best detective win.
Kendall : Don't worry. I will.
UNK: Mason Wood : You realize she picked your pocket.
Castle : Oh, yes.
UNK: Mason Wood : Whose address is on that piece of paper?
UNK: It's a casting director my mother wanted to have a meeting with.
UNK: Um, Kendall is going to be mad when she finds out.
Castle : Like I'm scared of her.
UNK: She is a master of Krav Maga,
UNK: Mason Wood : and she is deadly with a sniper rifle from a mile and a half.
Castle : Good luck.
Lanie : I could not sleep last night.
Lanie : I kept having nightmares that I was sleeping with Bozo the Clown.
Lanie : Please tell me you found out more.
UNK: Okay. Relax. I spoke with Tyler's ex. He does not have a clown fetish.
UNK: But...
Courtney : But what?
Lanie : But what, Ryan? You'd better speak now!
Ryan : His ex mentioned that he might have a bit of a bad habit.
Lanie : What kind of habit?
Ryan : The kind that requires rubber sheets.
UNK: He's a bed-wetter?
Esposito : Yo, Detective Menendez just called.
Menendez : According to the prop master,
Esposito : those two knives went missing on the last day of the shoot.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : He's got the studio pulling drive-on Iogs from that day.
UNK: He's gonna send us over a copy so we can see
Esposito : if any of the names connect to one of the New York murders.
Esposito : Hey, you okay?
Esposito : Damn, what'd you tell her?
UNK: Bed-wetter.
Hayley : This had better be important.
Hayley : The masseuse was in the middle of doing things one only dreams of.
Alexis : I was able to trace the tracker in my dad's watch.
Alexis : It was purchased by a man named Malcolm McCabe.
UNK: Oh.
Hayley : Born and raised in LA.
Hayley : Former Army Special Forces. Says here he's working overseas.
UNK: He has an aunt that lives in Pasadena.
Alexis : We should go talk to her. See if she knows anything.
Hayley : Sure, we could do that.
Hayley : Or we could just pretend you never found this.
Alexis : Fine. But my dad wants to know what happened during his missing time.
Hayley : Of course he does.
Hayley : But what happens when your father starts poking his nose
UNK: into this Malcolm fellow, mmm?
Hayley : I mean, the guy is former Special Forces.