House : Popped into my head out of nothing.
Taub : Care to share?
House : He's too devoted.
House : Too devoted? You think he feels guilty?
House : Right, I'm being cynical.
House : People can care because they care, and not because they cheated.
House : Theoretically true, but gonorrhea fits better.
Thirteen : No. No STDs. We tested her.
UNK: You tested her blood.
Taub : That is the test.
House : That's not where her problem is.
House : Gonorrhea disseminated to her heart.
UNK: If it got walled off in an abscess, it'd be invisible.
UNK: And would look like a shadow.
House : No need to test her again. But we can check Prince Charming.
House : Once you confirm, cut the abscess out of her heart.
Molly : Here are your onion rings, extra well done.
House : Thank you, Molly.
House : And another beer when you get a chance. I'm celebrating.
UNK: Alone?
House : Thank goodness.
House : Don't tell me, I was right.
Foreman : Yep. Boyfriend has gonorrhea.
House : And everyone's a winner.
Foreman : He's not too happy about it.
Foreman : He insists he's never cheated, must have gotten it from her.
House : Don't think so.
Foreman : Timing would fit.
Foreman : He's got no symptoms and she's dying.
House : Lying would fit, too.
Foreman : What does it matter? You were right.
House : I saw guilt in him.
House : If he's not actually guilty, I wasn't right, I was lucky.
Foreman : House, you made a brilliant deduction about her heart.
House : And if I was just lucky...
House : Wilson, come get me.
Wilson : I know a nice facility outside Philly.
Wilson : I went to undergrad with one of the directors.
UNK: Thanks.
House : How many shirts do I need?
Wilson : They said three. They have laundry.
Amber : Like living with Mom again. Delightful.
House : It's probably Foreman.
Wilson : He's unavailable.
Foreman : Tell him the infection's made her septic.
Foreman : We can't remove the abscess until we get her BP up,
Foreman : and it's not responding to fluids, it's not...
Wilson : He's off the case.
House : Patient okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Amber : He's lying.
House : Why don't I feel scared?
Wilson : I'd say you're unaware of what you're feeling at this moment.
House : I feel like crap, my life is falling apart, but I don't feel scared.
House : Not of the rehab, anyway.
Amber : We've always been able to find a way to cheat.
House : It won't work.
Wilson : You want it to work this time.
Cameron : Do we?
Wilson : House, it's your only option.
UNK: And what do I do if my only option won't work?
Wilson : You don't give up.
House : It's either that or electroshock every six hours.
House : Good night, Wilson.
Taub : What if we put her on a heart-lung machine?
Thirteen : She's septic.
Thirteen : We don't need a heart-lung machine.
UNK: We need a blood vessel holder-together machine.
Foreman : We could try a high-dose dopamine.
Foreman : It's a vasoconstrictor.
Foreman : It'll close the blood vessels so she won't bleed out.
Taub : Her heart can't take that much dopamine. It'll explode.
Foreman : And if we don't use the dopamine, it'll implode.
Thirteen : Is House really done?
Foreman : Sounded that way.
Thirteen : Dopamine it is.
Cuddy : It's late and I'm tired.
Cuddy : Can we get to the talking part of this conversation?
House : I quit.
UNK: Great.
UNK: My nanny is off the clock at 7 : 30.
UNK: So your week off, bigger desk,
UNK: tighter nurses' uniforms, or whatever
UNK: other stupid thing you're about to demand
UNK: is gonna have to wait until...
House : You can go suckle the little bastard child
House : who makes you feel good about yourself.
Cuddy : Screw you.
Amber : Don't do this.
House : I'm hallucinating.
Cuddy : From the Vicodin?
House : Ruled out everything else.
Cuddy : We can admit you through the ER
Cuddy : under a pseudonym. No one has to...
House : I'll cheat, scam, find some way to keep using.
Cuddy : These people know what they're doing.
House : These people don't know me.
House : You do.
Amber : She's not your keeper. She has no responsibility for you.
House : I need you.
UNK: Let me call my babysitter.