Thirteen : Maybe the heart caused the lungs to collapse.
Foreman : Why is Wilson here?
House : You were looking for cancer. I thought it'd be helpful if...
Foreman : We didn't find cancer. Yes,
House : which you reported to me five seconds ago.
UNK: I thought I'd let him finish his hors d'oeuvre
House : before getting the bouncer to take care of him.
UNK: Until we can regulate the heart,
UNK: we can't get any meaningful pictures,
Taub : so we can't tell...
Wilson : Metoprolol can correct irregular heart.
Foreman : Tried it. Didn't work.
Foreman : Is Cuddy making him oversee...
UNK: No.
Taub : Heart's too irregular for MRI, other scans wouldn't...
House : Then you're making him oversee your choices.
Foreman : You don't trust yourself. Why?
House : Wilson, get out.
Wilson : Are you sure?
House : Do I need your approval to throw you out?
House : You happy now?
UNK: There's only one time her heart's going to be perfectly still for our pictures
Taub : and that's when she's dead.
UNK: If it's not MS, severe mental illness
Amber : and Vicodin are all that's left.
Amber : Mental illness means you can no longer practice medicine.
Amber : Vicodin means detox, which means pain. For the rest of your life.
Amber : Which means you can no longer practice medicine.
House : Are you saying we should kill her?
UNK: No.
House : If we stopped her heart, we could get our pictures and then restart it.
Thirteen : What if we can't restart it?
House : Then she stays dead.
Taub : We restart hearts all the time.
Thirteen : It'll take four minutes for us to MRI her entire heart.
Foreman : And we only have three minutes until there's brain damage.
UNK: You sure about this?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Gonna stop her heart so I can MRI it.
House : I think it was her idea. The pneumonia was her idea, almost killed the patient.
UNK: "Her"?
UNK: Oops.
House : Kutner was secretly a woman, that's why he killed himself.
House : It's Amber.
Wilson : Your subconscious picked my dead girlfriend?
House : Yeah, the irrational part of my brain
House : works like the rational part of yours.
House : How about that?
Wilson : It raises questions.
Amber : It answers questions.
House : Who cares?
House : I've got competing ideas. They can't both be right.
Amber : Everybody gets competing ideas. Everybody has doubts.
House : So is it regular radical, me radical or me-out-of-my-mind radical?
Wilson : It's on the upper end of you radical.
Wilson : Do you have any alternative?
House : Nothing that anyone in my head has come up with.
Wilson : Then you're as safe as you can be.
UNK: Great.
House : You get the LP results back?
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : It's a big shock. You don't have MS.
Wilson : But while I had your blood sample, I checked Vicodin levels.
Wilson : Way too high.
House : I need the pills.
Amber : Not an argument. He knows that's not an argument.
House : It could still be schizophrenia.
Wilson : House, if you're on anti-psych meds,
Wilson : you're not going to be able to practice...
Cameron : I know.
Wilson : You'd prefer electroshock therapy to rehab?
House : I'd prefer something that could actually work.
Wilson : You're rationalizing.
Amber : No kidding.
Wilson : I know that you're afraid of the pain, but electroshock...
House : Don't give me the cancer voice, that overly earnest tone.
Wilson : Heart attack, stroke, seizure, death or worse.
UNK: Worse? Double death?
Wilson : You live but you damage the only thing you care about :
Wilson : Your rational mind.
Wilson : I'll make some calls.
Penelope : I'll actually be dead?
Chase : Just your heart. And just for a little while.