Chase : We've got a problem.
Cuddy : Lie down. I'll get you some tea.
UNK: Yeah, then I'll be better.
Amber : You really think she hasn't searched this place for your secret stash?
Cuddy : I already did this room, and the bathroom and your bedroom.
Cuddy : Where should I look in the kitchen?
House : Coffee cup. In the top shelf.
Cuddy : That was a test. I already did the kitchen.
Amber : Nicely played. She'll think you've come clean, given her everything.
House : There's more.
UNK: Don't. You're hurting already. It'll only get worse.
Cuddy : House, you should tell me where it is now,
Cuddy : because you won't have the will to tell me in two hours.
UNK: In my shoes. In the closet.
Amber : It's like I don't even know who you are anymore.
UNK: It's okay. Hold my hand.
Penelope : Am I okay?
Chase : We were able to successfully remove the abscess from your heart.
Chase : But the dopamine caused the blood vessels in your hands and feet to clamp shut.
Chase : We need to amputate or the gangrene will spread, and you'll die.
Penelope : My feet?
Chase : And your hands. I'm sorry.
Penelope : No. I'm a dancer.
Chase : The tissue can't be saved.
UNK: No.
Taub : We know what House would do.
Chase : House would have never woken her up to ask for consent.
Chase : If you can't live with the answer, don't ask the question.
Chase : You're saying we should accept her decision?
Chase : Bold idea, I know.
Thirteen : Maybe we can get the boyfriend to convince her to do it.
Chase : Yeah, boyfriends get everything they want.
Foreman : Forget it. The boyfriend doesn't want to talk to her at all.
Taub : Where are you going?
Foreman : Home. The case is over.
Taub : No, it's not. Not until we come up
Taub : with something that might work.
Taub : It's a shame that she might die
Taub : because House has some personal crap to work through.
Chase : Technically, if she dies,
Chase : it's because House has some personal crap to work through
Chase : and we weren't smart enough to get the answer without him.
House : False alarm.
Cuddy : Drink this.
House : That's your advice? Drink this?
Cuddy : It's ginger. It'll ease the nausea.
House : You know what would calm the nausea?
House : Vicodin. Marijuana. A coma.
Amber : Don't pretend you didn't see it.
Amber : I saw it, which means you saw it.
Amber : Send her away.
House : Too bitter. I already have enough bitter.
Cuddy : I'll add some honey.
Amber : You're pathetic.
Amber : If you want the pill, just send her home.
Amber : But you can't, because that would be admitting defeat to her.
UNK: Amber continues : Now this is interesting.
UNK: Amber continues : If you take the pill, you don't deserve her.
UNK: Amber continues : If you secretly take the pill, you don't deserve anyone.
UNK: No!
House : No. No!
Chase : This isn't going to work.
Taub : It might work. That's all we're going for.