UNK: l think you just have a cold. lt's definitely not strep.
Ross : Thanks, doctor.
UNK: -Would you like a lollipop? -Do you even have to ask?
Ross : He is alive!
UNK: lt's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long...
UNK: ...and l've never heard about you.
Joey : That's because we had a bit of a falling out.
UNK: Mike hit my mom with a car.
UNK: -No, l didn't. -That's okay. l have forgiven you.
Joey : Now we're friends again, and everything's great.
UNK: Well, wait. ls your mom okay?
Joey : Please, we're trying to have a conversation.
UNK: Mary Ellen : You're a lot nicer on Days of Our Lives.
UNK: Days of Our Lives! That's why you look so familiar!
UNK: -What? -What?
UNK: What?
Phoebe : Do you not know each other?
UNK: Of course we do. He's playing a game we used to play in high school.
Joey : We pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games.
UNK: You remember that one where l punch you in the face for not being cool?
UNK: Let me ask you something : How many sisters does Joey have?
UNK: -Six. -No, he doesn't. He has seven.
UNK: What are you doing? l said seven!
Phoebe : Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
UNK: Because l forgot about our date. l'm so sorry.
UNK: l'm sorry too. And just to be clear, l didn't hit his mother with a car.
UNK: Although l'd like to be hit by one right now.
UNK: Yeah, no problem.
UNK: You are unbelievable. l spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you.
Phoebe : Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose.
Phoebe : Who are you kidding?
UNK: You find some guy off the street for me?
Phoebe : God, this is humiliating!
UNK: l'm so sorry. lf you don't like this guy, l can find you a better one.
Joey : Mike? Mike?
UNK: l'm out of here.
UNK: lt was nice meeting you.
Joey : -You're leaving too? -l'll stay if you can tell me my name.
UNK: Have a good night.
UNK: We leave tomorrow, and you still have a lot to pack.
Monica : You're right.
UNK: Maybe l shouldn't go.
UNK: What?
Monica : So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javu?
UNK: But it's just a little outside of Tulsa.
UNK: Well, how far outside?
UNK: Manhattan?
Chandler : And you're thinking of taking it?
UNK: Before, you said that being with me was more important than any job.
UNK: But l guess now it's old job, me, new job.
UNK: l'm gonna miss this hand!
UNK: l know this is a lot to ask...
UNK: ...but, my God, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Chandler : What happened to ''you can't live without me four days a week''?
Monica : Well, if you really think about it, l mean, four days is not that long.
UNK: l see you Monday before you go to work...
UNK: ...and Thursday when you get back...
UNK: ...and l always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it...
Monica : ...it's really just one day.
Monica : And well, if we can't make it one day, we got real problems, my friend.
UNK: -l think you should take the job. -Really?
UNK: l know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
UNK: That's the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me.
UNK: lt's your dream job. l can't make you pass it up.
UNK: Besides, l'm proud of you.
Ross : -You are? -Yeah.
UNK: And when l get to Tulsa and people say, ''Where's the missus'' ...