Castle : And if that's a fake, then where is the original?
UNK: Absolutely, and... Careful with that one.
Beckett : - Leaving us so soon, Mr. Harun? - Oh, what now? I have a plane to catch.
Castle : Make any interesting art acquisitions on this trip?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Actually, yes. - Mind if we take a look?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - I'm sorry, I just don't have the time. - Make time.
UNK: Bahir Harun : What part of diplomatic immunity are you not clear on?
Beckett : See, every time you say something like that,
Beckett : it makes me think that you have something to hide.
UNK: Bahir Harun : It's too bad that you will never find out.
Beckett : - License and registration, please. - What? Why?
Beckett : You are double-parked.
Driver : This is New York. Everyone double-parks.
Castle : - Is he resisting arrest? - I believe so. Step over here.
UNK: - I'm gonna have to search your car. - You have no right to do this.
Beckett : I don't see any diplomatic plates.
Beckett : And immunity doesn't extend to a car service.
Beckett : Mr. Harun, this can go one of two ways.
Beckett : You can either cooperate and tell me what I need to know,
Beckett : or I can call the State Department and inform them that you have
Beckett : a piece of artwork that's at the center of our murder investigation.
Castle : And the last I checked, the New York tabloids
Castle : could give a rat's ass about your diplomatic status.
Castle : They'll just print your photograph
Castle : with a headline that says, "Diplomatic Douchebag."
UNK: Bahir Harun : Fine. What would you like to know?
Beckett : There's a fake version of this painting
Beckett : found in one of our shooting victims' apartments.
Beckett : - Can you tell us how it got there? - How would I know this?
Castle : Because the fake painting is where the real painting used to be.
Castle : And now you have the real painting.
UNK: All I know is I that I asked Fink to acquire it for client of mine.
UNK: Bahir Harun : When he said he had it,
UNK: Bahir Harun : I assumed he tracked down the owner and made a deal.