UNK: Emma Carnes : But so was I.
UNK: Emma Carnes : I mean, the truth is we probably got married too young.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Look, I'm sorry that I don't recognize you,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : but you seem incredibly nice and you're gorgeous,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : and I'm certain that it was entirely my fault
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : that our marriage fell apart.
UNK: Emma Carnes : See that. That's the guy I fell in love with.
UNK: Emma Carnes : - Funny. Sweet. Self-deprecating. - Hey.
Beckett : Do you know what Jeremy had been doing with himself recently?
UNK: Emma Carnes : As far as I know,
UNK: Emma Carnes : he was dating the youngest, hottest women he could find,
UNK: Emma Carnes : and not bothering to put the toilet seat down.
Beckett : And do you have any idea what he might have been doing
Beckett : at the Victor Fink Gallery in Chelsea?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No. I'm sorry, but we haven't even spoken in almost a year.
Beckett : Well, we're on our way to Jeremy's apartment
Beckett : to see if it sparks anything. Would you mind coming along?
Beckett : You might be able to put things in some context.
Ryan : Look familiar?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Nope. You can say it. I'm the worst witness ever.
Beckett : You're doing fine.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : A wallet. Well, I don't think you were mugged.
Beckett : Do you mind if I poke around, open some drawers?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Hey, look at that. Rocking the Spanish.
UNK: - Well, we did junior year in Madrid. - Sounds nice.
Castle : Here's the rest of your Russian literature collection.
Castle : You are a very ambitious reader, Mr. Preswick.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You always wanted more time to read.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Guess I'm gonna have to start over now.
Castle : That's not such a bad thing.
Castle : for the first time.
Castle : Or any Stephen King. Ah. Silver lining.
Castle : You get to read all my books for the first time again.
UNK: Anything?
Beckett : It's pretty sparse.
Beckett : Like a guy who spent a lot of time alone.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Yeah, I thought you'd have more of a slick pad.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Done up with more stuff.
Castle : Hey. Taglia. This is a pretty pricey painting.
Beckett : Emma, do you know if Jeremy
Beckett : bought that painting at a gallery in the city?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No. We bought that together on our honeymoon in Siena.
UNK: Emma Carnes : - I can't believe you still have it. Why?
UNK: Emma Carnes : Well, part of the divorce settlement was to sell it and split the cash.
UNK: Emma Carnes : It appraised for over 200 grand. You sent me my half.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : That's funny.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : There's something about it that's so familiar. Or maybe I just like it.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : It's a 9 millimeter.
Beckett : Five bullets missing.
Beckett : So, ballistics confirmed that the gun found in Jeremy's apartment
Beckett : was the same one that was used to kill Fink.
Beckett : And we just need to know
Beckett : if it's possible that Jeremy was the shooter.
Lanie : CSU did find gun residue on his coat.
Beckett : Well, that just means that he was shot at close range.
Castle : Like, if Jeremy were holding the gun, struggled with Fink,
Castle : Fink managed to turn the gun around and it went off.
Lanie : These abrasions on Fink's wrists are certainly consistent with that.
Beckett : Well, then why would he have left the gun in his apartment?
Castle : Doc Holloway said he was probably in a fugue state, like sleep-walking.
Castle : He could have dropped the gun off, and then went back out again.
Lanie : Okay, am I missing something?
Lanie : I thought you're supposed to be happy after you caught the killer.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : Why'd I do it?
Beckett : We don't know why. You'll be appointed a lawyer.
Beckett : I know that Emma wants to help hire someone,
Beckett : and I don't think money will be an issue.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : Well, thank you.
Beckett : I don't know why you're thanking me, Mr. Preswick.