Beckett : - About what? - I have no idea.
UNK: Bahir Harun : I respected his wishes and went for dinner at Nobu.
UNK: Do you think you could describe this man?
UNK: Bahir Harun : Please. Must we continue with this ridiculous charade
UNK: Bahir Harun : when we both know he is standing right there.
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Now, if that is all... - Mr. Harun, I'm not quite done yet.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Bahir Harun : But I am. Have a nice day.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : For a guy with diplomatic immunity, he wasn't very diplomatic.
Beckett : Harun's hiding behind his immunity. He knows more than he's saying.
UNK: Maybe, but his alibi is good.
UNK: Nobu has him on security video entering at 9 : 55 p.m.,
UNK: 19 minutes before the 911 call about shots fired. He's not our guy.
Beckett : Well, just because he didn't pull the trigger,
Beckett : doesn't mean he wasn't involved.
Castle : And just because J was shot doesn't mean he wasn't into something shady.
Castle : Could be the reason he was shot.
Beckett : Harun said he saw J arguing with Fink.
Esposito : We need to figure out why J was at the gallery.
Beckett : And we can't do that if we don't know who the hell he is.
Ryan : We've been through this, it's just a bunch of junk.
UNK: But if we take look at everything we know about him collectively,
Beckett : maybe a picture will emerge.
Ryan : Nothing distinctive about these keys.
Castle : Yeah, and that plastic bag really narrows it down.
Beckett : Okay, he's got asthma, he's allergic to cats, he reads.
Ryan : And he's good at math and he can't draw.
Ryan : Put it together, he's your average asthmatic mathlete
Ryan : with a lot of crap in his pockets.
UNK: Detective. - Thank you.
Beckett : It's from Lanie. It's the forensics report on his coat.
Castle : Maybe his driver's license was sewn into the lining.
Beckett : - Gun powder residue. - So, he was shot at close range.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Coffee stain, sugar granules, traces of milk.
Castle : We know how he takes his coffee.
Beckett : - Animal hairs. - Not cat hairs.
Castle : - How could I have missed this? - Missed what?
UNK: - Do you know what this is? - Yeah, it's a grocery bag.
Castle : No, it's not just a grocery bag,
Castle : it's the bag that's gonna tell us exactly who J is.
Beckett : Why are you dragging me back to the art gallery?
Castle : Not to the art gallery, to the street.
Castle : Ah! It's gone.
Beckett : - What's gone? - The dog.
Castle : That's why he had the bag. To clean up after his dog.
Beckett : - How do you know it was his dog? - Well, why else would he have a bag?
Castle : Why else would there be a dog
Castle : tied up outside a commercial building after midnight?
Castle : Maybe someone stole it.
UNK: Get me Animal Control.
UNK: G. Kilmer : All the canines with ID tags we picked up in the last 24.
UNK: G. Kilmer : Mostly, their owners lost them accidentally
UNK: G. Kilmer : and are relieved when we call.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Who's a good girl?
UNK: G. Kilmer : That one's from 148 West 26th.
Beckett : - That's Fink's gallery. - Good girl. Lucy.
Beckett : Your name is Jeremy Preswick.
Beckett : We checked it against your DMV photo and it's a positive ID.
UNK: -- [08 : - Jeremy Preswick. - You are 34 years old,
Beckett : and you live at 82 Warren Street in Tribeca.
Beckett : You don't really have any family.
Beckett : Your parents passed away a few years ago,
Beckett : and you don't have any siblings.
Beckett : But we did manage to get ahold of your ex-wife, Emma Carnes.
Beckett : - Ex-wife? - Uh-huh.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - I'm divorced? - Yeah. Sorry.
Beckett : Your ex sounded pretty concerned,
Beckett : and we figured that would be the fastest way
Beckett : of putting together the details, which would be great for you
Beckett : and for our investigation.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : If you think it'll help.
UNK: An ex-wife that I can't remember.
Castle : Hey, some men would consider you lucky.
Ryan : - Here you go. - Thanks.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Hello, Jeremy.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Hey. Thank you for coming. I appreciate it.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : So, we're divorced.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Must be weird coming here to try to help me out, huh?
Castle : - A little. Please take a seat.
UNK: Emma Carnes : So what happened to him?
Castle : That's what we are trying to figure out.
Beckett : Is there anything you can tell us about Jeremy?
UNK: Emma Carnes : - Well, like what? - Like where he works.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Well, as far as I know, he doesn't anymore.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Okay, this is weird with you sitting right there.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Tell me about it.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You have a PhD in economics from Wharton.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You had a consulting business in channel economics and strategy.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You're smart. Like, crazy smart.