Esposito : Nah, bro. An ice bullet would still make a bullet hole.
Ryan : You mean, ice hole.
Castle : - What did you just call me? - Guys. What else?
UNK: We checked Fink's cell phone records. He got a call at 9 : 19 p.m.,
UNK: an hour before he was killed, from a blocked cell phone number.
Ryan : Phone records indicate that the call originated here in New York,
Ryan : but it was an international cell, satellite phone,
Ryan : registered to Bahrain Cellular.
Castle : Well, good luck getting a warrant from the government of Bahrain.
Beckett : Run down Fink's client and artist list.
Beckett : See if any of them had international numbers and watch your mouth.
Esposito : I'm gonna go 10-1. - Hey, Ryan. Got a sec?
Ryan : - Witness? - Not exactly.
UNK: Officer Marino : - Hang here, buddy. Okay? - Of course.
UNK: Officer Marino : I found him on the canvass, by the art gallery.
UNK: Officer Marino : I mean, the guy's got no wallet, no ID.
Ryan : Okay, did you ask him his name?
UNK: Officer Marino : Yeah, I asked him his name, I asked him where he lived.
UNK: Officer Marino : You know, but here's the funny part. The guy says he don't remember.
UNK: Angelica Fink : Did my husband have enemies? Yeah, he had enemies.
UNK: Angelica Fink : Every artist who couldn't get in his gallery,
UNK: Angelica Fink : and every artist who was in his gallery.
UNK: Angelica Fink : He'd sell, like, five pieces, and they'd want to know why he didn't sell six.
Beckett : Mrs. Fink, I know you're upset.
UNK: Angelica Fink : Well, what am I supposed to do with these, huh?
UNK: Angelica Fink : I didn't want them. I did them for him, and now he's dead.
Castle : Mrs. Fink, can you think of anyone who would hate your husband enough
Castle : to shoot him in cold blood in the back?
UNK: Angelica Fink : - Rocco. - Rocco. Was that one of the artists?
Esposito : - His assistant. - I thought Darius was his assistant?
UNK: Angelica Fink : His old assistant. Victor fired Rocco a few months back.
UNK: Angelica Fink : - Why? - He fired that little insect over money.
UNK: Angelica Fink : And, boy, did Rocco go crazy, making all kinds of threats.
UNK: Angelica Fink : "I'm gonna get you, Fink." But you know what, no.
UNK: Angelica Fink : Rocco, he wasn't even a man. He was more like a flea.
UNK: Angelica Fink : Victor didn't even think twice about it.
Castle : You suppose the flea had a gun? A tiny gun with vanishing bullets?
Beckett : Ice bullets and fleas with guns? Do you have writer's block again?
Castle : Stephen King wrote stories of bloodthirsty cars
Castle : and sold millions of copies. I figure, why be limited by logic?
Beckett : Rocco Jones, Fink's old assistant.
Beckett : The wife said that Rocco called and left threatening messages for Fink.
Beckett : - See what you can find. - I'm on it.
Castle : Hey, what's up with Ryan?
Esposito : Mugging case. The guy got hit on the head
Esposito : and can't remember who he is.
Castle : Oh, missing bullets are cool, amnesia's even cooler.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'm sure you have better things to do.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'm sure I do, too.
Ryan : - An inhaler. You're asthmatic. - Awesome.
Ryan : You should probably hang onto that. Inhaler, grocery bag, keys.
Ryan : Are you telling me you don't remember, at all, what any of that's for?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Yeah. How ridiculous is that?
Castle : Hey. Hey.
Castle : So, has he really got amnesia?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Yeah. But apparently my hearing's fine.
Castle : Well, that's good. Richard Castle.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'd introduce myself, too, but...
Ryan : Yeah, we're just going through his pockets
Ryan : trying to find something that could tell us who he is.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Oh, and apparently I've been reading, as well.
Castle : Classic. You have excellent taste.
UNK: Castle.
Lanie : 9 millimeter. I think we just found our fifth bullet.
UNK: You know what, if we got a dog, I could buy him little saddlebags,
Castle : and then he could carry your books to school,
Castle : and you wouldn't have to worry about getting scoliosis.
Alexis : Conceptually, I'd like a dog as much as you would.
Alexis : In reality, I'm not seeing the guy whose dishes never make it to the sink
Alexis : bending over to scoop poop in Hudson Park.
Castle : - I bet I could train him to use a toilet. - Oh.
UNK: - Gram! I thought you were sleeping in. - I was, just not in my room.
UNK: Angelica Fink : You know what? We all share way too much.
Martha : Oh, I'm sorry, kiddo. But my happiness cannot be contained.
Alexis : I'm going to school.
Alexis : - I'm glad you had a nice date. - Yes, three, four, five...
UNK: I am assuming from this walk of shame,
Castle : that you and your high school sweetheart, Chet,
Castle : had a lovely night, all night, talking.
Martha : - Among other things. - Mmm.
Castle : It's been a few weeks. Do I need to sit him down and ask him his intentions?
Martha : I am having way too much fun to worry about his intentions.
Martha : Okay, took me for lovely candlelight dinner,
Martha : horse and carriage ride through Central Park
Martha : where we watched the sun rise over the same boulder
Martha : where we shared our first kiss.