Beckett : - On one knee? - That's a good girl.
Beckett : - What's up, Castle? You proposing? - Oh, no. Just waiting for you.
Beckett : That's too bad. You two make a cute couple.
Castle : Yeah. Hey, you think I should get a dog?
Beckett : What am I, your wife?
Castle : - Yeah, you're my work wife. - No, I'm not your work wife.
Castle : I could get a bloodhound. I could name him Sherlock,
UNK: and then I could bring him to crime scenes.
Beckett : - No, you couldn't. - Oh, what? It'd be adorable.
Castle : I could get him to wear a little Sherlock hat,
Castle : train him how to carry a little magnifying glass.
Castle : Oh, see? Right there. Disapproving, judgmental.
Castle : You're totally my work wife. Hmm.
Castle : - The blood's bold, but it works. - Not sure he'd agree.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Well, obviously, he was into art.
UNK: Victor Fink, 43, gallery owner. There's no sign of forced entry.
UNK: Tenant upstairs called in gunshots to 911 at 10 : 14 p.m.
Beckett : Any idea what he was doing here so late?
Esposito : No, but according to his assistant, Darius Langley, they close at 8 : 00.
Esposito : Far as he can tell, there's nothing missing off the walls or from the back.
Castle : - Anything off those security cameras? - Fake. Not even hooked up.
Beckett : - Lucky break for the guy. - Unless he knew.
Castle : Just like he knew Fink was working late.
Beckett : Or made plans to meet him here. Check with the assistant.
Lanie : He had some fight in him. Abrasions on the forearms, on the hands.
Beckett : - And then he made a run for the stairs. - Only to be shot in the back.
Lanie : Twice, 9 millimeter.
Lanie : Shooter fired from over here.
Esposito : Is it possible he might have been meeting somebody?
UNK: Darius Langley : Well, if he was meeting someone, he didn't tell me.
Beckett : Excuse me for a minute.
UNK: Darius Langley : He'd already left by the time I locked up at 8 : 00.
Beckett : Mr. Langley? I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : How long have you been Mr. Fink's assistant?
UNK: Darius Langley : Two months. I'm an art student. I take night classes at Tisch.
Beckett : - Is that where you were tonight? - Yeah.
UNK: Darius Langley : Mr. Fink totally supported me being in school,
UNK: Darius Langley : he'd let me leave early to make classes.
UNK: Darius Langley : That's where I was when you guys called.
Beckett : Do you know if Mr. Fink had any enemies?
Beckett : Any unhappy clients or artists?
UNK: Darius Langley : Nothing out of the ordinary. I can get you a contact list, if you like.
Beckett : - Yes, please. - Okay.
Ryan : - Hey. We got a little problem. Mmm-hmm?
Ryan : We dug these two slugs out of the wall.
Beckett : They're not very fragmented.
Beckett : See if ballistics can run a match on any of the other shootings in the city.
Ryan : Sure, but that's not the problem. We dug these two out of the wall
Ryan : and Dr. Parish has another two in our vic here.
Esposito : - So, our perp's not a sharpshooter. - But we've only found four bullets,
Ryan : and there are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 shell casings on the ground.
Castle : There's no blood trail leading out of here.
Ryan : Exactly. And not a drop of blood outside of the spatter from our vic here.
Beckett : - So, there's no second victim. - So, where's the fifth bullet?
Castle : - The bullet was made of ice. - Okay. Great. Yeah, send her up.
UNK: Vic's wife is on her way up.
Castle : Fires the bullet, it melts before we can find it.