Castle : Wait, that's still his make-out spot? Mother, that's a red flag.
Martha : Honey, nothing you can say can spoil this for me.
Martha : I haven't felt this way since... I can't remember when.
Castle : Ah, amnesia. It's going around. Speaking of which, I'm off.
Castle : I'd tell you not to wait up, but clearly there would be no point.
Beckett : His fingerprints aren't in the system,
Beckett : and we don't have any hits on Missing Persons.
Esposito : This is crazy. We actually find a witness to our murder,
Esposito : we don't know who he is and he doesn't remember what he saw.
Beckett : - Where are we on Rocco? - Fink's old assistant?
Esposito : Uniforms are bringing him in now.
Ryan : Ballistics confirms that the bullets came from the same gun as the others.
Ryan : Whatever happened in the gallery, he was there.
Beckett : Not only was he there, but someone tried to kill him, as well.
Beckett : Good thing he reads.
Ryan : Good thing he reads Russian literature.
Ryan : If the guy was a Nicholas Sparks fan, he'd be dead.
Beckett : Have CSU check the coat for gunpowder residue, blood, fibers.
Beckett : Maybe it can tell us what happened that night.
Beckett : And check photo IDs on Fink's artists and clients.
Ryan : - Think he might be one of them? - A girl can dream.
Castle : - I brought you coffee. - Thank you, Castle.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : We all have three different types of memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : General knowledge, like language and facts, is called semantic memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Yours doesn't seem to be affected.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Then there's procedural memory, also often called muscle memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : That includes any actions or skills that you've repeated over and over
UNK: Dr. Holloway : and formed neural pathways for, like riding a bike.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Now, I know yours is intact because you've been walking around.
Castle : - So, what's the problem, Doc? - The problem is in episodic memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : That's any experience you've ever had, conversations, movies you've seen,
UNK: Dr. Holloway : the people in your life, even your own name.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : So, like, if I were a betting man, which I have no idea if I am,