UNK: Darius Langley : Weird, that someone can just lose his mind like that.
Esposito : Are you sure you don't recognize him?
UNK: Darius Langley : I don't think so.
UNK: Darius Langley : But I've only been here a few months.
UNK: Darius Langley : Anyway, here's everything I could find on Mr. Harun.
UNK: Darius Langley : All purchases going back three years.
UNK: Darius Langley : I still can't believe Fink was trafficking in forgeries.
Esposito : Harun's purchases from Fink.
Castle : That's dozens of paintings.
Esposito : Yeah. And according to Fink's old assistant, Rocco,
Esposito : any and all of these could have been forgeries.
Castle : This is a Jules Matterson. This is worth $ 100,000, easy.
Beckett : Yeah, but you only pay Rocco a grand to knock it off.
Esposito : Fink could've ripped Harun off for millions.
Castle : Who says crime doesn't pay?
Esposito : Someone took me for that much, I could see putting a bullet in his back.
Castle : Well, that explains why Harun went after Fink. But what about J?
Beckett : We need to talk to Harun.
Montgomery : Beckett, I hate diplomatic immunity as much as the next cop,
Montgomery : but as far as you're concerned, forget the guy.
Montgomery : I put in an interview request.
Montgomery : Now it's in the State Department's hands. Period.
UNK: Fine. But, sir, what about the other victim?
Montgomery : - Guy with amnesia. So? - He has nowhere to go tonight.
Montgomery : Well, turn him over to Social Services. State's problem, not ours.
Beckett : I know, sir, but he'll probably end up in a homeless shelter.
Beckett : He's a person of interest and a potential witness.
Beckett : I would hate to lose him to the system.
UNK: Okay. But my couch is off limits.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Ryan : It's not The Plaza,
Ryan : but I have snuck many a power nap on this couch over the years.
Ryan : You should sleep just fine.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'm grateful not to have to go anywhere with strangers.
Beckett : It's not a problem.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : You know, it's terrifying to think that someone actually tried to kill me,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : and I don't know who it was, or why. And they're still out there.
Ryan : That's why we're gonna catch the bastard.
Beckett : But to do that, we need to find out who you are.
Beckett : So we're gonna release your photograph
Beckett : to the media, tomorrow morning.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - What if nobody recognizes it? - I'm sure someone will.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : But what if no one does and I don't remember?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Then who am I?
Beckett : I promise you, we won't give up on you.
Alexis : My science teacher says that chocolate contains chemicals
Alexis : that are proven to relieve depression.
Martha : Well, it's good, but I prefer grape, aged, bottled and corked.
Castle : You're having an ice cream tasting and no one called, texted or tweeted?
Alexis : Gram broke it off with Chet, so I suggested sugar therapy.
Beckett : What happened to sunrise in Central Park?
Martha : Who am I kidding? It's a fairy tale.
Castle : And what woman doesn't want a fairy tale?
Martha : - He's not who I thought he was. - How so?
Martha : Million different little things. You know, doesn't drive, he's skinny.
Martha : And he has this laugh like...
Martha : I can't even do it. It's like a honking goose, kind of...
Castle : These are sitcom reasons for breaking up.
Castle : This morning you were in love. What possibly could have happened?
Alexis : Dad, back off. The spark died. She's obviously reconsidered.
Martha : That's right. And now we're going through the five flavors of grieving.
Castle : Is the first stage accepting the ice cream?
Ryan : - Exactly. - Then I'm in.
Ryan : - Hey! Morning. - Hey. How was he last night?
Ryan : He slept like a rock.
Ryan : Doc Holloway stopped by this morning to give him a cognitive abilities test.
Ryan : Scored through the roof on the quantitative part.
Beckett : He's good at math, maybe he was an engineer,
Beckett : or in accounting or financing.
Ryan : Or just good at math.
Ryan : Castle's testing his drawing abilities. See if he's an artist.
Ryan : Maybe he was trying to convince Fink to show his work.
Beckett : I suppose we should be thankful he didn't offer to pose nude.
Ryan : Yeah. Thanks for that.
Beckett : - Radio silence. We gotta ID J. - Yeah.
Beckett : Speak of the devil. - Yeah.
Ryan : They've been showing it all morning.
Beckett : - Any calls yet? - No.
Beckett : Well, until we figure out who he is, we've got nothing.
Beckett : So, what's the verdict?
Esposito : - Wow. - You really captured his soul.
Castle : Okay, so you're not an artist. I'm sure you have many other talents.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Just not a talent for remembering them.
UNK: That's him. No, no, that's him!
UNK: - Oh, thank God. - Can I help you?
Castle : I think we're about to find out who you are.
Beckett : Do you recognize her?
UNK: Yes, it's him. - No.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : But then again, I don't recognize myself on the mirror.
Ryan : - Go ahead, ma'am. - Thanks.
UNK: Tory Westchester : Joel! Oh, my God!
Ryan : Tory Westchester. Wife.
UNK: Tory Westchester : I was so scared I lost you. Oh, sweetie.
UNK: Tory Westchester : So, it's true?
UNK: Tory Westchester : - You really don't remember anything? - He's suffering from amnesia.
UNK: Tory Westchester : I knew something was wrong. I knew it.
Castle : - J, are you crying? - I think I am.
Beckett : - Do you feel a connection? - Yeah. It's actually pretty overwhelming.
UNK: Tory Westchester : Of course it is, baby. I love you so much.
UNK: Tory Westchester : We will get through this, whatever it takes.
Beckett : Ms. Westchester, how long have the two of you been married?
UNK: Tory Westchester : Two years, this past October.
Beckett : - And you said his name was Joel... - Joel Westchester.
UNK: Tory Westchester : Oh, honey, look at you. You do remember me.
UNK: Tory Westchester : Love conquers all! Oh, it's all gonna be fine.
Beckett : - Are you okay? - What is it? What is it, my darling?
Castle : I think he's having an asthma attack.
Beckett : You have an inhaler in your pocket. Get it.
Castle : - Ms. Westchester, do you have cats? - Eight, like Jon and Kate.
Castle : - I think Joel here is allergic to cats. - Really?
Beckett : Ms. Westchester, you're not really married to him, are you?
UNK: Tory Westchester : I could be. I so could be! Why the hell shouldn't I be?
Ryan : She's been in and out of mental facilities for more than 10 years.
Ryan : Every personality disorder in the book. Sorry about that.
Montgomery : He's on his way down. He agreed to talk.
Ryan : He just showed up voluntarily?
Castle : He wants to stay in control. - This could be our only shot.
Beckett : Let's make sure that Harun gets a good look at our friend J.
Esposito : Inadvertent, of course.
Beckett : If Harun thinks that he killed J,
Beckett : then his reaction could tell us everything we need to know. Let's go.
UNK: Darius Langley : Mr. Harun, you were a client of Mr. Fink's?
UNK: Bahir Harun : That's correct.
Beckett : You bought a significant number of works from him.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Well, we believe that many of those works were forgeries.
UNK: Bahir Harun : That's correct.
Beckett : So, you're saying that you knew they were fakes?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Of course I knew. - And you bought them anyway?
UNK: Bahir Harun : I have many friends back home whose wives are, how shall we say, um,
UNK: demanding.
Beckett : And what do demanding wives have to do with any of this?
UNK: Bahir Harun : Well, we all know that the fairer sex can be shallow.
UNK: Bahir Harun : Not you, of course, Detective. A smart, liberated, American woman.
UNK: Bahir Harun : But my friends' wives, they want a bag that says "Gucci."
UNK: Bahir Harun : They don't care who made the bag, as long it has that signature.