UNK: No, she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?
UNK: l'm meeting with Professor Sherman about my being the keynote speaker.
Joey : -How's it going? -lt could be better.
Ross : He fell asleep.
UNK: What? But l already bought my ticket to Bermuda!
UNK: -Barbados. -Fine, l'll rent a car and drive.
Joey : You have to get that job.
UNK: What am l supposed to do? He's out cold.
UNK: ln fact, he was just talking in his sleep before...
Ross : ...and evidently he wants someone named Fran to ''spank him harder.''
Joey : -Well, just wake him up. -l can't.
UNK: lf he realizes that l'm the one who put him to sleep, l won't get the job.
UNK: That's a tough one.
Joey : Oh, wait a minute. This happened to me before.
UNK: Yeah, l was auditioning for a play, and the producer fell asleep. l--
Joey : No, wait a minute.
UNK: lt was me who fell asleep.
UNK: l mean, hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while?
Monica : -Hey, guys, dinner's ready. -l'm gonna go wash up first.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: What do you think? l want his genes for my kid. Those eyes, those cheekbones.
UNK: Okay, there's enthusiastic, and there's just plain gay.
Chandler : -You don't like him. -l think he's fine.
UNK: But we don't know anything real about him.
UNK: -l wish we could get more information. -All right, just follow my lead.
UNK: -You guys have a great place here. -Thanks. l'm crazy about our place.
Chandler : Hey, speaking of crazy...
Chandler : ...do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
UNK: No. Although, l did have an uncle who voted for Dukakis.
Chandler : That's really not the kind of thing we're looking for.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: So tell me, how'd you guys meet?
UNK: Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story.
UNK: l've got a better question for you :
UNK: Do you or any of your blood relatives have diabetes?
UNK: No.
Monica : Heart disease? Alzheimer's? Gout?
Zack : You guys don't have people for dinner a lot, huh?
Monica : We're just making conversation.
UNK: Yeah, well, okay. l heard a joke today. lt's pretty funny.
Chandler : You know what's not funny? Male pattern baldness.
Zack : You guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight, and l'm flattered...
Zack : ...and quite frankly, a little frightened.
Zack : Can we just talk about something else?
UNK: -Sure. -All right.
UNK: This ravioli's delicious.
UNK: l notice you're enjoying that ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth.
Chandler : Did you have braces as a child?
UNK: -No, l didn't. -Yes!
Chandler : We're teeth people, Zack.
Rachel : Let's just do it. Let's just go over there and see if she heard.
Phoebe : -Good plan. -Okay.
UNK: -What? Where are you going? -Oh, l'm sorry, Rachel.
UNK: l don't have time for your childish games, okay?
UNK: l still have to find something incredible to wear...
UNK: ...so l can beat Mike at ''Who's More Over Who'' !