Jack : Let me guess, it tastes really bad,
UNK: but it's gonna make me feel a lot better.
Foreman : Actually, you're not gonna taste it.
House : You should try searching for "Misty May digs for gold."
House : Make sure you put it in quotes.
Thirteen : I'm making travel plans.
UNK: I just need to get away, have some time to myself.
Thirteen : You getting the hint?
House : So that's it?
House : You're done with your little experiment with Foreman?
Thirteen : It wasn't an experiment, it was a relationship.
UNK: You may wanna look into the difference.
Thirteen : I'm glad you're better, House.
Thirteen : I actually liked working for you, but I'm not coming back.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Because if you came back,
House : Foreman would try and save the relationship,
House : and he'd give up being the boss.
Thirteen : Are you here to try to save my relationship with Foreman?
UNK: God, no. I'm trying to save my relationship with Foreman.
House : Right now, I'm Kobe, playing the game I love, however the hell I want,
UNK: and Phil Jackson has to listen to everyone else bitch about it.
House : Enjoy Cabo.
Thirteen : I'm going to Thailand.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Interesting.
Thirteen : Goodbye, House.
House : Goodbye, Thirteen.
Cameron : Last week, yesterday, today.
Roy : I can't believe it.
Roy : He's pain-free for the first time in months, he's even hungry.
Jack : I'm starving.
Cameron : We're still waiting for the biopsy results,
Cameron : but obviously it's a good sign.
UNK: You're gonna want to take it slow.
Foreman : Don't try to regain all the lost weight in one meal.
Roy : What's wrong?
Cameron : The abdomen feels normal, but looks bigger.
Roy : Jack, are you feeling... Jack? Hey, Jack, you okay?
UNK: Right eye is fixed. Lateral rectus palsy.
Foreman : He's seizing. Need five milligrams of diazepam.
Roy : What's happening?
Foreman : Hold down his head and turn off the lights.
Foreman : I need to see his optic disk.
UNK: Heart rate's elevated. Come on, hold his head.
Nurse : I'm trying. Wait. Where's House?
Cameron : Mr. Randall, we need you to step back.
UNK: His optic disks are swollen. He's got intracranial hypertension.
UNK: Furosemide, 20 milligrams, IV.
Cameron : If we could intubate him...
Foreman : Need five more milligrams of diazepam.
Foreman : DC the monitors. Push 500 milligrams of phenytoin.
UNK: You can't push that much. We gotta relieve the pressure,
UNK: or his brain can herniate.
Roy : Oh, my God.
UNK: Fifty milligrams of phenytoin in.
Foreman : Page Chase. Tell him to meet us in the OR.