Roy : I want House.
Cuddy : I understand, but I told you Dr. House isn't available.
UNK: Dr... Call him.
Roy : Tell him I'll have a private jet pick him up from whatever island...
Cuddy : He isn't on vacation. Dr. Foreman is one of our best doctors.
Roy : Is House in jail?
Cuddy : No. Foreman is currently working with two of House's most veteran associates.
UNK: Rehab?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Mr. Randall, your son will be in good hands.
Roy : My son
Roy : has already been in good hands, and he's still dying.
Roy : I'm through dealing with good.
Roy : I want the best, and everyone I've asked says that's House.
Roy : So unless he's dead, comatose, or insane,
Roy : I want him treating my son today.
House : You could have said no in good conscience.
Cuddy : The kid'll still be Foreman's patient,
Cuddy : but his dad wants you making the decisions.
Foreman : Then he's not my patient.
Foreman : You want to give me none of the responsibility and all of the liability?
House : Which means I get...
House : Oh, cool.
Cuddy : Don't let him do anything crazy.
Foreman : When is he getting his license back so we can stop playing this game?
House : Maybe never. This game is fun.
Cuddy : You also need to prepare President Dibala's case
Cuddy : for this week's Morbidity and Mortality conference.
House : Oh, unfortunately, I'm overdue on a mani-pedi appointment.
Cuddy : Not you, Foreman's department.
House : Oh, right. Well, he's got all the time in the world.
Foreman : We made the wrong call, he died, there's nothing to present.
Cuddy : It obviously garnered a lot of curiosity.
Chase : And we don't have more important things to do
Chase : than satisfy everyone's idle curiosity?
Cuddy : It's not idle.
Cuddy : The question of how we deal with two possible diagnoses
Cuddy : whose treatments are contraindicated is worth discussing.
Cameron : Abdominal pain increasing in severity and frequency,
Cameron : fever, dehydration, diarrhea, weight loss.
Chase : Mom died from kidney failure caused by type 1 diabetes,
Chase : which has been ruled out.
UNK: Seventeen doctors.
House : Everything's been ruled out, which means we have to re-rule out.
House : Get a new history and physical. Unless that's crazy, boss.
Cameron : Been out of the country or on any recent camping trips?
Roy : No camping. But we were in Montreal back in January.
Jack : We went to see the NHL All-Star Game for my birthday.
UNK: Awesome.
Roy : Where's Dr. House?
Cameron : In his office.
Cameron : He's really more of a decider than a doer.
Cameron : He's decided we should start over.
UNK: You never know what previous doctors may have missed.
Cameron : Like this.
Cameron : Does that hurt more when I push there?
Jack : Not really.
Roy : What is it?
Cameron : I'm not sure.
Chase : Just keep it clean, simple.
Chase : We did a test that called into question our initial diagnosis,
Chase : so we changed our mind.
Foreman : And if they ask how the test was done?
Chase : Why would they do that? It's a routine lab test.
Foreman : Routine lab tests don't involve blood you stole from a corpse
Foreman : to trick me into giving the guy the wrong treatment.
Chase : Yes, and if you brought that up,
Chase : it'd certainly make for a lively debate
Chase : about the morality of murdering murderers.
Chase : But since you burned the only evidence of that...
Foreman : To cover for you, not me.
Chase : You're protected. The decision was a coin flip.
Chase : There was no right or wrong answer.
Chase : The body's underground, 8,000 miles away. Nobody can prove anything.
Foreman : That room will be filled, not because of a coin flip,
Foreman : not because of the patient, but because House's department screwed up.
UNK: They're gonna be like sharks in a chum-filled swimming pool,
Foreman : and there's no way I'm jumping in unless I'm in a steel cage.
Chase : So what do you want?
Foreman : I want to know you have everything covered.
House : Got what covered?
Chase : We're just reviewing the Dibala case.
Chase : Making sure we didn't miss anything.
House : We didn't. Except, of course, the thing that killed him.
Cameron : He's constipated.
Cameron : Physical revealed a mass in his abdomen, so I repeated the X-ray.
Cameron : Old one was clean, new one shows that his colon is almost completely impacted.
Foreman : Obstruction would explain the pain.
Foreman : You think they just screwed up the old X-ray?
UNK: Nope.
UNK: Hirschsprung's?
Foreman : It's a congenital disorder of the nerves in the colon.
Foreman : Very rare in a child your son's age.
Foreman : Most doctors would never think of it.
Roy : And you came up with this?
Foreman : It's House's idea.
Cameron : We need a barium enema and biopsy to confirm.