UNK: Wow!
Ted : Unbelievable.
Ted : Robin is dating orville redenbacher.
Lily : What are you talking about?
UNK: He's forty-one. He looks great.
UNK: Yeah, dude he's in pretty good shape.
UNK: He could kick your ass.
Ted : How are you guys not seeing this?
Ted : He's 150; robin's 27.
Ted : Barney, come on, what do you got?
Barney : Nothing but respect for that man.
Lily : Oh, by the way, we're all baking pies at robin's tomorrow.
Lily : Marshall can't be trusted in the apartment with pies overnight.
Marshall : For the millionth time,
Marshall : Sleep-eating is a very serious and delicious medical condition.
Ted : Hey, uh, what time are you guys going to robin's?
UNK: 7 : 30.
UNK: Perfect.
UNK: Just to be safe, I'll get there like 8 : 00, 8 : 30.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Bob : Sorry I'm late.
Ted : Where are marshall and lily?
Robin : Uh, they just called.
Robin : They're both super swamped preparing for tomorrow.
Ted : Is bob coming?
Robin : No, he went to see green day.
Ted : So it's...
UNK: Ted and Robin : Just the two of us. Just the two of us.
Robin : Making pies.
Ted : Pies. They're things that friends make together.
Robin : Yeah, they do.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah.
UNK: Great. Yeah.
Ted : Great. Well, this is great.
Ted : It'll give us a chance to catch up. Yeah.
Ted : I'm going to make a phone call. I'll put it in the oven.
Ted : Hey, it's me.
Ted : Listen, you have to come over here and make pies.
Barney : Yeah, I'll be there, absolutely.
Ted : Oh, awesome, you're a lifesaver.
Ted : It's still kind of weird being alone with robin,
Ted : But if you were here...
Barney : Hey, say no more.
Barney : I mean, when I pulled
Barney : You out of that burning wreckage,
Barney : I wasn't doing it to have a battleship named after me.
Barney : But if you insist,
Barney : Yes, I'll be there for the christening.
Ted : You're hitting on someone right now, aren't you?
Barney : No, I'm not going to wear the medal of honor.
Barney : That would just be tacky.
Ted : So you're not coming to make pies.
Barney : No, no.
Barney : Thank you, mr. President.
Robin : Sorry.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : After a very long night, it was finally the big holiday.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Sorry, the two big holidays.
Lily : Oh, marshall,
Lily : Are you working on the cranberry sauce?
Marshall : In a minute, baby. I've only got so many hands.
Marshall : You see what I got going on here?
Marshall : They're turkeys, but they're also hands,
Marshall : Because later, we're going to eat turkey...
Marshall : And then I'm going to slap you in your face.
UNK: Please, you took out all the suspense.
UNK: In a horror movie,
UNK: The killer does not grab a bullhorn and announce,
UNK: "attention unsupervised teens here at the lake house :
UNK: "at precisely 3 : 00 a.M.,
UNK: "I'm gonna jump out of that closet right there
UNK: "and hack you all up with a machete.
UNK: P.S. Fire is my one weakness."
Robin : Hey, ted.
Ted : Hey, happy thanksgiving. You, too.
Robin : Is lily in the kitchen?
UNK: Yep. Great.
UNK: Marshall? Lily?
UNK: Yeah? Uh-huh?
Both : Something really weird happened last night.
Marshall : What do you mean something weird happened last night?
Ted : You may not realize this, but since we broke up,
Ted : Robin and I have never really been alone together.
Ted : So we're in the kitchen,
Ted : Starting on the pies, and we realize,
Ted : We don't have a damn thing to say to each other.
Ted : I mean, you can't talk about
Ted : How close you used to be.
Ted : You can't talk about how close
Ted : You're not now.
Ted : You just feel like everything you say
Ted : Is gonna make things worse.
Barney : Exactly. And you know why?
Barney : Because you don't want to hurt someone you really care about,
Barney : Especially around the holidays.
Barney : I mean, what decent human being would want to cause
Barney : Any kind of emotional or physical pain...
Marshall : You're still getting slapped.
Ted : I wanted to leave, but I couldn't stick her
Ted : With making all the pies by herself.
Ted : She was exhausted.
Robin : I yawned like a million times trying to get him to leave.
Lily : Yeah, some people just can't take a hint.
Marshall : By the way, I'm really swamped in here.
Robin : I kept looking at the clock and sighing...
Robin : Totally clueless.
Lily : Uh-huh. I'm not sure I have time to mash