Ted : Better take my base."
Robin : Oh, that was you in little league, wasn't it?
Ted : My on-base percentage was off the charts!
Marshall : Oh, no!
Marshall : The slap-petizers.
Lily : You know what? That's it!
Lily : This is thanksgiving. Solve this right now.
UNK: And if you have sex again, neither of you gets dessert!
UNK: : Oh, what the hell kind of thanksgiving is this anyway?
Barney : Um, most thanksgivings.
Marshall : Don't stress, baby.
Marshall : I'll try to find us something relaxing.
Lily : Thanks, baby.
Lily : Ooh, some classical music, maybe.
Marshall : Oh, my!
Marshall : Look at that.
Marshall : That means we're in the final hour of the countdown.
Barney : I'm not scared.
Marshall : Then why is your right cheek twitching?
Robin : It's not...
Marshall : Maybe it's because future me slaps future you so hard,
Marshall : It reverberates back to the present,
Marshall : Shattering the time-slap continuum.
Barney : Please don't slap me.
Marshall : I'm sorry, what?
Barney : Oh, god! Don't slap me again!
Barney : I don't want to get slapped again,
Barney : And the first two times hurt so bad, I don't like it!
Barney : I don't like it one bit!
UNK: Well, I thought I ruined it by putting a clock on it, barney.
Barney : Well, you didn't ruin it; you made it so much worse!
Barney : I can't eat.
Barney : I can't sleep.
Barney : I've lost ten pounds; my suits are wearing me.
Barney : You know what? I'm outta here.
Marshall : Well, no, no, no. You can't leave.
Barney : Why can't I?!
Barney : Nowhere in the rules does it say that I have to sit
Barney : Through sort of mental torture!
Barney : You are allowed to slap my face, sir,
Barney : But you are not allowed to slap my mind!
Barney : Good day!
Marshall : But it's slapsgiving. No! It's not!
Lily : It's thanksgiving!
Lily : Our first one as a married couple,
Lily : As grownups...
Lily : And you're not even trying to be a part of it!
Lily : None of you are!
Lily : So...
Lily : As slap bet commissioner, I'm issuing a ruling.
Lily : Thanksgiving is a day of peace.
Lily : There will be no slaps today!
UNK: What?! Yes!
Barney : In your face!
Barney : Not my face... Your face!
UNK: What's up, dudes? All : Hey, bob.
UNK: Baby, please... No!
Lily : The slap bet commissioner's word is final,
Lily : So get in the kitchen and mash some potatoes, now.
Lily : And for the rest of the day,
Lily : We are going to enjoy a civilized, grownup holiday.
Bob : Not too grownup.
Bob : I made jell-o shots.
UNK: We's gonna get silly, bitches.
Robin : Look at us!
Robin : We can't be alone together, can we?
Ted : Apparently not.
Robin : What does that mean?
Robin : We're supposed to be friends.
Robin : Well...
Ted : We aren't friends, are we?
Ted : Not really.
Ted : We avoid each other.
Ted : We smile politely.
Ted : We're two people who pretend to be friends
Ted : Because it would be inconvenient not to.
Robin : Well, maybe we should stop pretending.
Ted : Maybe we should.
Lily : So...
UNK: Oh, what do we do now?
Ted : I suppose...
Ted : We eat dinner.
Marshall : Yeah.
Ted : And then that's it.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Okay.
Ted : Happy thanksgiving.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So we sat down to our first thanksgiving
Lily : Together as a group... And, apparently, our last.
Barney : Marshall, you're not eating.
Barney : Did something spoil
Barney : Your slap-petite?
Marshall : No. I just thought... Before we eat,
Marshall : Maybe the chef would like to say a few words.
Lily : Nope. This sucks. Eat up and leave.
Marshall : Well, then, I'd like to say something.
Marshall : If that's cool?