Ted : Back when we were dating, robin and I had this running joke.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : We were the only two people in the world who found it funny.
Barney : No way.
Barney : March does not have 31 days.
Marshall : Yes, it does.
Marshall : Everyone knows that.
Marshall : It's like general knowledge.
Marshall : General knowledge. General knowledge.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And we did it all the time.
Lily : Isn't it sad?
Lily : I mean in 2007,
Lily : Some countries actually still condone corporal punishment.
Lily : Corporal punishment. Corporal punishment.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Because once you start,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : It's surprisingly hard to stop.
Marshall : Oh, man, I got a kernel stuck in my teeth.
UNK: Ted & Robin : Colonel stuck-in-my-teeth.
UNK: Please stop! I hate you! You're killing me!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But now, we were broken up, so when marshall said...
Marshall : But after the first year, I get a major pay raise.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : We just let it slide.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : You see, on the surface, robin and I looked like
UNK: Ted from 2030 : We were doing great.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But the truth is,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Trying to be friends with your ex
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Is a lot harder than it looks.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : You can't be as candid as you used to be.
UNK: So then hot intern leans over my desk,
Ted : I can totally see she has a pierced...
Ted : Brosnan.
Ted : Pierce brosnan is my favorite of all the bonds.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But most importantly, you can never, ever be alone together.
Barney : I gotta go.
UNK: I'm gonna go pay. Peeing.
Ted : I'm gonna help marshall pay.
Robin : I'm gonna help lily pee.
UNK: All right, we have a turkey.
Marshall : Yeah, we do.
Lily : Isn't this exciting?
Lily : Our first thanksgiving together as a group.
Marshall : Yeah, this is gonna be the best slapsgiving ever.
Barney : What?
Marshall : I said this is going to be
Marshall : The best thanksgiving ever.
Ted : Yeah, this is going to be great.
Ted : Just the five of us, right?
Robin : Oh, uh, that reminds me : I invited bob.
Lily : Bob?
Lily : You've been on, like, three dates with that guy.
Lily : We haven't even met him.
Robin : Well, he didn't have anywhere else to go,
Robin : And I didn't know what to say.
Robin : Is it really that big a deal?
Marshall : Yes.
Lily : This is our first thanksgiving.
Lily : 30 years from now, we're going to look at the photos
Lily : And say, "oh, there's the four people I love most in the world."
Lily : And bob."
UNK: I'm sorry, sometimes I forget
Robin : How seriously you guys take american thanksgiving.
Robin : Real thanksgiving happened over a month ago.
Robin : I'm sorry.
Barney : Did you just say canadian thanksgiving was,
Barney : And I'm quoting, "the real thanksgiving"?
Barney : What do canadians even have to celebrate about?
Barney : Canadian thanksgiving
Robin : Celebrates explorer martin frobisher's valiant
Robin : Yet ultimately unsuccessful attempt
Robin : To find the northwest passage.
Barney : Why are you guys even a country?
Marshall : Oh, hey, by the way,
Marshall : If anyone wants to come over early Thursday,
Marshall : We can watch the slapsgiving day parade.
Barney : Well, there, you said it again.
Marshall : Said what?
Marshall : Slapsgiving.
UNK: Oh, I guess I did.
UNK: You know why? I've invented a new holiday : Slapsgiving.
UNK: It's the one day we set aside each year
UNK: To gather together and give slaps.
Ted : I should explain.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Kids, you remember the slap bet.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : A year earlier, marshall made a bet with barney
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And won the right to slap him five times.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : He had already used the first.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And the second.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But marshall had something special in store for the third.
UNK: Marshall, on the phone with Barney : Slapcountdown.Com.
Barney : No.
Barney : No, no.
UNK: The countdown ends at 3 : 00 p.M.,
UNK: The day after thanksgiving.
UNK: I counted it out.
Ted : How many days are in October?
Barney : Uh, thirty.
Ted : Dude, I thought we cleared this up last year.
UNK: Barney, with a funny accent : I like Halloween very much.
UNK: Barney, with a funny accent : Is nice.
Ted : Is also tomorrow.
Barney : Damn it!
Barney : Wait, you're gonna slap me on thanksgiving?
Marshall : Slapsgiving.
Barney : That's not allowed.
Barney : Lily, you're the slap bet commissioner, is that allowed?
Lily : The hostess in me who's using her wedding china
Lily : For the first time wants to say hell, no,
UNK: But yeah, I'm going to allow it.
Barney : Well, you know what?
Barney : If you're trying to freak me out
Barney : About spending thanksgiving...
Marshall : Slapsgiving.
Barney : At your place, then you failed.
Barney : Truth is, I'm not scared.
Marhall : Really? Right. 'cause you blew it.
UNK: Hmm. The worst part about getting slapped
Barney : Is not knowing when it's going to happen.
Barney : But now I know exactly when I'm gonna get slapped.
Barney : So, you took all the suspense out.
Barney : You showed your hand.
UNK: And Thursday at 3 : 01 p.M.,
UNK: Your face is going to show my hand.
Robin : Oh, there's bob!
Robin : By the way, heads up, he's a little bit older than us.
Ted : How old is he?
Robin : He's forty-one.
Robin : Hey, bob!
Robin : Over here!
Ted : Okay, kids, the truth is, bob probably looked like this.
UNK: Hey, sweetie. Hi.