Lily : Those potatoes, you're standing right next to.
Robin : And then ted does the thing that he always does
Robin : When there's an awkward silence.
Lily : Yep. Masher's right there, next to the pot.
Robin : He panics and says the first thing that pops into his head.
Robin : Hey, did you know that
Robin : The first pies in recorded history came from ancient egypt?
Ted : Remember last year's thanksgiving,
UNK: When we had sex seven times?
UNK: Ooh. Terrible. What?!
Ted : I thought it would break the ice.
Robin : I'd already broken the ice with my cool pie fact.
Robin : Then he makes it ten times more awkward.
Lily : How do you respond to something like that?
Robin : Did you know that the egyptian pyramids can be seen from space?
Robin : Probably?
Ted : Ooh, the oven's pre-heated!
Robin : Okay, um...
Robin : The pecan pie is gonna take the longest.
Robin : Why don't we put that one in first?
Ted : Pecan pie? Why are we making that?
Robin : Um, it's my favorite.
Ted : You're allergic.
Robin : I know. I just like smelling it.
Robin : It's like eating with your nose.
Ted : So we're making a pie for bob.
Robin : Well...
Marshall : Yeah.
Barney : She's got you making pies for this guy?
UNK: Yeah. Wow.
Marshall : That is a real slap in the face.
Ted : You know, you could have just told me it was for bob.
Robin : Yeah, I-I just thought it might upset you.
Ted : Upset me? Wait a second.
Ted : Do you think that...
Ted : Do you think that I'm jealous of bob?
Robin : I don't know.
Robin : Is it so ridiculous to think that you might be?
UNK: Yes. Why?
Ted : Because he's a thousand years old.
UNK: No, ted, what are you doing?
Ted : Right?
Ted : The only reason I'm jealous of bob
Ted : Is that we can only talk about the first thanksgiving,
UNK: But he was actually there.
Ted : Come on.
Ted : The only reason
Ted : I'm jealous of bob is because
Ted : I heard noah gave him shotgun in the ark.
Robin : Ted...
Ted : The only reason
Ted : I'm jealous of bob
Ted : Is that I'm just an architect, but he discovered fire.
Ted : How do you top that?
Robin : He's 41! Why are you bashing on him so hard?
Ted : I'm not. I'm just joking around.
Ted : That's what friends do.
Robin : It's mean.
Ted : Well, how come we're all allowed to bust on barney
Ted : When he dates some skanktron,
Ted : But when you sleep with the crypt keeper's dad,
Ted : I'm not allowed to say a word?
Robin : First of all, bob and I are not sleeping together.
Robin : We're just dating.
Robin : Secondly, have I said one word
Robin : About the parade of dubious conquests
Robin : You've been marching past me the last few months?
Robin : One of whom got you a butterfly tattoo?
UNK: Hey, that is... And if you and I are such good friends...
Robin : Why is baking a pie for bob so weird?
Ted : Yeah, if you and I are such good friends,
Ted : Why couldn't you just tell me that's what we were doing?
Ted : Okay, maybe we should talk about this later.
Ted : I-I should get going.
Robin : Well, what are we doing? It's thanksgiving.
Ted : I don't know. I'm sorry.
Ted : This is stupid.
Robin : I'm sorry, too.
Robin : Of course we're friends.
Robin : I'm glad we're friends.
Ted : Me, too.
UNK: : You guys slept together last night?
Lily : That is a terrible idea!
Marshall : Horrible idea.
Barney : Relapse five!
Barney : That's where we high-five,
Barney : Then it's awkward for a little bit...
Barney : And then we high-five again!
UNK: What the hell were you doing?
UNK: Let's review :
UNK: You and ted broke up six months ago,
UNK: Yep. You're dating another man...
Robin : You are correct, sir.
Lily : Who's coming to my thanksgiving today...
Robin : That is a truth-fact.
Lily : An event ted is also attending. Ka-blammo.
Lily : Why are you trying to destroy american thanksgiving?!
Robin : Oh, lily, it's not as bad as it sounds.
Robin : Bob and I aren't that serious,
Robin : And what happened last night with ted was a fluke.
Lily : Well, did you guys at least talk about it?
UNK: There's office material... I hear something burning...
Ted : Clearly, we need to ignore this.
Ted : Clearly, we need to talk about this.
UNK: : You know? To save the friendship.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Robin : We need to talk. Stuffed mushroom?
Robin : We need to talk about last night.
Ted : Did you know that some mushrooms are carnivorous?
Ted : Probably... Not?
Robin : Ted, can we please just deal with this?
UNK: Look, I'm, I'm not mad.
Robin : I just think... Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Ted : Why would you be mad... You started it?
Robin : What?! You're crazy!
Ted : We called a truce, we hugged,
Ted : And when I tried to pull away, you kept your hand on my neck.
Robin : Only because your hand was still around my waist.
Ted : Oh, come on! You leaned into it.
UNK: I... Leaned into it? Yeah.
Ted : You're like the crappy kid in little league
Ted : Who knows he's not going to make contact,
Ted : So he just... "oops, I got hit by the pitch.