UNK: Yeah, we got off work around the same time,
Chloe : so we'd take the train home together. I live with a roommate,
Chloe : a couple of blocks from Sara.
Chloe : Only the last few months, she'd been staying late.
Chloe : Mr. And Mrs. Peterson kind of take turns
Chloe : coming home for dinner, you know?
Beckett : Yeah, Mrs. Peterson told us.
Chloe : God. I don't want to say something, and then...
Chloe : I mean, he's married.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Sara told you about him?
UNK: No. No, not exactly. It's just...
Chloe : The nights Mrs. Peterson didn't come home for dinner,
Chloe : those were the only nights Sara stayed late.
Castle : I told you we should have
Castle : asked the husband more questions that day.
UNK: And I told you that I like to question my most likely suspects
Beckett : after I know more about them. That way they're tied to more specific answers.
Castle : - You suspected him, too? - The husband? Duh.
Castle : You would really clean up at my poker game.
Beckett : Right. You, James Patterson
Beckett : No, thank you, Castle. Little too rich for my blood.
Castle : We could always make it strip poker.
Beckett : Sorry, but I prefer mystery to horror.
UNK: Mr Petersen : No, yeah, I'm in the space right now, but like I told you guys,
UNK: I'm gonna need at least 20,000 square feet.
UNK: I... Listen, I'm gonna give you guys a call back.
UNK: I'll let you know if the client is interested, okay? Thank you.
Beckett : Hi. Remember us?
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Sara, Mr. Peterson?
UNK: Mr Petersen : The night before she was killed. I told you that.
Castle : Which was your night to be home for dinner, right?
UNK: Right. Why are you asking?
Castle : Well, Mr. Peterson...
Beckett : We have information that suggests that
UNK: Sara Manning was having a relationship.
UNK: Mr Petersen : Right. She had a boyfriend.
Beckett : - Someone else. - Someone else? Who?
UNK: Mr Petersen : Me? You think I was having an affair with Sara?
Castle : - Bingo. - That is... That's crazy.
Beckett : Is it? We know that she stayed late some nights.
UNK: Mr Petersen : Right. She helped us make dinner.
UNK: "Us"? Well, what we heard was that she helped
Beckett : on the nights that your wife wasn't home.
UNK: Mr Petersen : - First of all, it's not what you think. - When is it ever?
UNK: - And, yes, I was having an affair. - So what happened?
UNK: Mr Petersen : What do you mean, what happened? I cheated. I strayed.
UNK: Mr Petersen : - Whatever you want to call it. - I mean in the laundry room.
Castle : - What? - You just said that you...
UNK: Mr Petersen : Yes, I was having an affair, but it wasn't with Sara, for God sakes.
UNK: It was with another woman in my office.
UNK: Look, every night that I was supposed to be home having dinner, I wasn't.
UNK: You can check the landlines from the apartment.
UNK: Mr Petersen : I called to make sure that Sara was okay every night.
UNK: Mr Petersen : You can check cell phone records, right?
Beckett : Don't leave town.
Esposito : Hey, what happened with the husband?
UNK: Oh, he was cheating, just not with our victim.
Beckett : Here, I need you to run it down. This is her name.
UNK: I'm telling you, true commitment's a thing of the past.
Lanie : I mean, name one happily married couple.
UNK: - DeGeneres and De Rossi. - Oh, I think he got you there, bro.
UNK: His story checks out, video and a sign-in sheet.
UNK: Great. So now all we have is a cheating husband
Beckett : with a possible alibi and no cell phone to run the perp's fingerprints.
Ryan : I got something better.
Beckett : Please tell me it's that the mayor wants him out of here.
Castle : You ever notice how she gets a little grumpy
Castle : when she doesn't have a suspect?
Ryan : We got one now.
Ryan : Guess who wasn't where they say they were
UNK: - the day Sara Manning was killed? - Who?
Ryan : Come on, you gotta guess.
Beckett : Ryan. Ryan. I'm not guessing.
Ryan : - You're a killjoy, you know that? - Exactly what I've been telling her.
Brent : No way.
Ryan : Pretty good, huh? Told you, you should've guessed.
Beckett : You weren't at the office the day Sara Manning was killed, were you?
Beckett : You lied to me, Mrs. Peterson.
Beckett : Detective Ryan checked with your son's school.
Beckett : The day they called about Sara not showing up,
Beckett : your assistant said that you were unreachable.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : What are you talking about?
UNK: I'm talking about Sara Manning, Mrs. Peterson.
Beckett : We're talking about why you lied about where you were
Beckett : the day she was killed. And we know you weren't in your office.
Castle : It would have been easy to sneak into the building.
Castle : Doorman could have been outside hailing a cab, taking a delivery.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : My husband is having an affair.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Did you know that?
Castle : Actually, we did.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : All these months, I had no idea.
UNK: - But then you found out. - Yeah, Sara told me a few weeks ago.
UNK: Sara told you about the affair?
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Yes, and she'd been an absolute wreck about keeping it from me.
Castle : Yeah, I bet she was.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Did you know he was paying her extra?
Beckett : - No, he didn't mention that. - Imagine putting Sara
UNK: Mrs Peterson : - in the middle of something like that. - Something like what?
UNK: Well, using Sara to cover for himself.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : - I mean, it's disgusting. - I don't understand, Mrs. Peterson.
UNK: If you had nothing to do with Sara's death, then why would you lie?
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Because my cheating husband has no idea
UNK: Mrs Peterson : I'm about to serve him with divorce papers.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : I lied because I was at my lawyer's that afternoon.
UNK: Mrs Peterson : Howard's not the only one who can keep a secret.
Martha : Hello there! What are you up to?
Brent : - Nothing. - Oh.
Martha : You're not webcamming again, I hope.
Castle : I burned a DVD from security cameras that the police are looking at.
Castle : And I've never webcammed.
Martha : That's your story, and you're sticking to it, huh?
UNK: The police just let you burn a DVD?
UNK: You do realize you're gonna have to stop stealing evidence, right?
Martha : I thought the whole purpose of following this detective around
Martha : - was to help you to write. - It's called research, Mother.
UNK: Ah. Well, you'd better hope this last Derrick Storm book sells, lover boy,