UNK: Oh, ordered to call me? I see.
UNK: Well, either way. I can leave right away.
UNK: Okay. Gotta go.
UNK: I would say don't wait up, but you'll be asleep by 11 : 00.
UNK: 10 : 30. It's a school night.
Castle : Are you sure she's got either one of our genes?
Esposito : - Well. - You will help her with the dishes?
Martha : All right. Be careful, flatfoot.
UNK: Here, put these on.
UNK: Really?
Castle : I thought cops just stood around the body
Castle : eating ham sandwiches and cracking jokes.
UNK: You know, hardcore gallows humor.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : The head trauma definitely contributed to the death.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : The force of the blows resulted in significant cerebral hemorrhaging.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Mr. Castle, nice to see you again.
UNK: I wish I could say the same, but my glasses are all scratchy.
Castle : How often do they let you replace these?
Beckett : Not everybody has your budget, Castle. So what killed her?
Lanie : I'd say she was struck in the head with the bleach bottle,
UNK: then fell forward, hit her temple on the edge of the table.
Lanie : That caused temporal bleeding.
Lanie : Without medical attention, she didn't stand a chance.
UNK: But what I thought you might find really interesting
Lanie : is the fact that she had sex within the hours before her death.
Lanie : - Sex? - I'll explain how that works later.
UNK: Might have even been within a few minutes of the murder.
Lanie : The heat from the dryer makes it hard to pinpoint.
Beckett : - So you're saying she was raped? - Hard to determine.
Lanie : There were no vaginal lacerations or presence of any semen.
Beckett : So what's the evidence of sex?
Lanie : Traces of spermicide. The guy wore a condom.
Castle : Boy, it really has been a long time for you, hasn't it?
Lanie : I mean, it could have been a rape, but my best guess is...
Beckett : She knew the guy.
Beckett : Without evidence of trauma, I'm not ready to buy our attacker
UNK: is a sexual predator, especially with him using a condom.
Esposito : Could be he's trying to hide DNA.
Ryan : Dude, someone smart enough to hide DNA
Ryan : would have been smart enough not to have sex in the laundry room.
UNK: No, you're missing the point. The laundry room afforded opportunity.
Castle : It wasn't an accident she was killed there.
Montgomery : Esposito, where are we on her cell phone?
UNK: I pulled her records, had her service provider ping it.
Esposito : Triangulation puts it at or near the building.
UNK: Yeah, well, maybe he took it so she couldn't call for help,
Montgomery : then dumped it somewhere close by. What about her ex-boyfriend?
UNK: We have the first name, Brent.
Ryan : But if we had her cell phone, he might be in the address book.
Beckett : - What about these calls? - What calls?
Beckett : Last two months, there's dozens of incoming calls
Beckett : - from the same number. - Right. We're still running that down,
Esposito : but the number's a prepay. Besides, those calls stopped coming
UNK: a couple weeks before she was killed.
Beckett : Yeah, but the outgoing calls to that number stop even before that.
Beckett : Whoever it was, she didn't want to talk to them.
UNK: She was letting it go to voice mail.
Montgomery : Find this kid, Brent, bring him in for questioning.
UNK: You're here by invitation only. Got it?
Castle : - Got it. - Good.
Beckett : - Brent Johnson? - Yeah.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
UNK: - I suppose you know why you're here. - The cops that picked me up at my job
Brent : said you had some questions about what happened to Sara.
Beckett : I understand that the two of you were dating?
UNK: Yeah, till about a month ago.
Beckett : A month ago? What happened then?
Brent : - Nothing. We broke up. - Whose idea was that?
Brent : - It was a mutual thing, I guess. - A mutual thing?
Beckett : There's plenty more of those.
Castle : Yep. They make Alec Baldwin's messages
Castle : - sound like rainbows and unicorns. - How did you get those?
Beckett : - From your service provider. - A little advice,
Castle : when you buy a prepaid phone, don't use your credit card.
UNK: - Makes it totally traceable. - I wasn't trying to hide anything.
Beckett : No? Then why did you just lie to me?
Castle : 'Cause no man likes getting dumped. Am I right? Our egos can't handle it.
UNK: This one time I had this ex-girlfriend cheat on me,
Castle : I drank every meal for a week. I didn't even like her.
UNK: If I had loved her? Wow. I don't know
UNK: what I would've done.
Brent : No, no. No way. It wasn't like that.
Beckett : Oh, no. So then how did you find out about Sara
Beckett : - if you two broke up a month ago? - From a friend. Chloe.
Brent : Chloe Richardson. All right? We all went to college together.
UNK: - Chloe's the one who got Sara her job. - And how did this friend find out?
Brent : Chloe nannies for another family in the building.
Brent : The two of them are pretty close.
Beckett : So then where were you the day that Sara got killed?
Brent : I was where those other cops found me, at my job.
UNK: Look, we have video cameras there and a sign-in sheet.
Brent : Look, I didn't have anything to do with this.
Brent : Am I under arrest or something?
Beckett : No. You can go.
Beckett : But just don't leave town until we speak again.
Beckett : Do you understand?
UNK: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
UNK: "Don't leave town"? Don't you need probable cause for something like that?
UNK: Only he doesn't know that, does he?
Castle : You can lie like that? That is so cool.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Doorman told Esposito that this is the playground that all the nannies
UNK: from the building go to, so hopefully we find Chloe here.
Castle : - That brings me back a bit. - A bit?
UNK: I'm thinking it's a little more than that, Castle.
Castle : I'm not talking about when I was a kid.
Castle : I'm talking about when I used to take my daughter to the park.
Beckett : You used to take your daughter to the park?
Castle : Spring, summer, fall. We were here every day.
UNK: Alexis' mom was doing community theater.
Castle : She was on the road a lot, so I had custody. What?
Beckett : Nothing. I just never figured you for Mr. Mom.
Castle : Some of the best days of my life.
UNK: - It's actually kind of nice. - Yeah, tell me about it.
Castle : Do you know how many lonely single mothers there are
UNK: on a Manhattan playground? And there I was between marriages.
Beckett : Exactly how many times have you been married, Castle?
Castle : - Twice. - That's it?
Castle : - Isn't that enough? How about you? - Me? No, never been.
Castle : - Really? - Yeah.
Castle : You'd be good at it. You're both controlling and disapproving.
Castle : You should really try it.
UNK: I'm not an "if at first, you don't succeed" kind of a girl, Castle.
Beckett : When it comes to marriage, I'm more of a "one and done" type.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : - Any serious candidates? - Becca, don't wander away. Becca!
UNK: The doorman said she'd have a red vest on. That might be our girl.
UNK: - Go, go, go! Chloe?
UNK: I'm Detective Beckett. I was wondering if I could ask you some questions
UNK: about Sara Manning.
UNK: Um, right now?
Beckett : Yeah, it won't take long.
UNK: Yeah. Maggie? Can you watch Becca for a sec?
UNK: Sara's boyfriend told us that you helped her get her job.
UNK: - Oh, you talked to Brent? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Yeah, when we got out of school, Sara couldn't find work.
Chloe : She was temping all over town.
UNK: I nanny for a family in the same building
Chloe : and heard that the Petersons were looking for someone.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Sara?