UNK: Police Lawyer : following Detective Beckett to research your next novel,
UNK: Police Lawyer : you cannot sue the city.
UNK: Police Lawyer : If you get shot, you cannot sue the city. If you get killed...
UNK: Richard Castle : My lifeless remains cannot sue the city.
Lawyer : Your heirs, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : Do I have to wait for him to sign, or can I shoot him now?
UNK: Police Lawyer : Mr. Castle, these waivers are serious business.
UNK: Okay.
Lawyer : Perhaps you'd feel more comfortable
Lawyer : by referring the matter to your attorney?
Castle : What, are you kidding? He'd never let me sign these.
Castle : But, fortunately, it's his job to get me out of trouble
Castle : and not to prevent me from getting into it.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Yeah. Where?
UNK: - All right, I'm on my way. - Wait. Where are you going?
UNK: - I have work to do. - What? We have a case?
Beckett : No, I have a case. You have paperwork.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: So? - Mrs. Rosenberg, 9-E here,
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : comes down to put her clothes in the dryer, finds it's occupied.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Comes down a half an hour later and she's had enough,
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : decides to take matters into her own hands.
UNK: Come on. You're telling me that an old lady killed someone over a busy dryer?
UNK: What? No, she's just tired of waiting around.
UNK: So, she opens up the dryer, to take the other person's clothes out,
UNK: finds Miss Fluff-and-Fold here instead.
UNK: Now if that's not a cautionary tale about poking around someone else's laundry,
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : - I don't know what is. - Dude, there is an etiquette involved.
Ryan : If the clothes were dry, Mrs. Rosenberg had every right
Ryan : to put them in the basket.
UNK: Now if you're gonna tell me she folded them,
Ryan : then it gets a little creepy.
UNK: I'm sorry, someone starts rooting around my underwear
UNK: without an invitation, I'm taking that as a serious breach of hygiene.
Beckett : I thought you went commando, Esposito.
Esposito : Well, it's a seasonal thing.
Beckett : All right, let's get her out of there with some dignity.
UNK: We're gonna need CSU to come down here, and the bleach bottle
Beckett : will have to go down to the lab, and probably prints and photographs,
UNK: although I don't know if it's gonna do us much good in a public area.
Beckett : I'm guessing she lived here.
Ryan : Worked. 12-F. She's the nanny.
Castle : Thought you ditched me back at the precinct, didn't you?
Beckett : Come on. Nanny McDead is found on spin dry.
Castle : You don't think the captain's gonna let me in on that story?
UNK: You're right, Castle. My bad.