UNK: The kind of girl that a guy like him would never have a chance with.
Castle : We all know girls like that, don't we?
UNK: Well, at first it's just a game. Figure out her schedule.
Castle : When does she do her laundry? When is she alone?
UNK: Until it becomes something more, something that he can't control.
UNK: Well, he uses the stairs, obviously, to avoid the elevator's cameras.
Castle : And then he just waits, concealed in the shadows.
UNK: When she comes into that laundry room, he pounces.
Castle : When he looked into her vacant, lifeless eyes,
Castle : he wanted to tell her, he never meant to kill her.
Castle : All he ever wanted was to be noticed.
Castle : That's when he felt the heat of that dryer on his skin.
Castle : So he picks up her limp body in his arms
Castle : and gently places it inside.
Castle : He almost smiled at his good fortune
UNK: when he found the quarter in his pocket,
UNK: slipping it into the slot.
UNK: Buying him the time to do what he does best.
UNK: Disappear.
Castle : Just saying, better story. Coffee?
Montgomery : Let's see what we can find out about those neighbors.
Montgomery : And someone better tell me who the hell lives in 8-B.
Castle : Let me guess. Gran cooked.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Chicken masala. - And where is Hurricane Martha?
Alexis : In her room, taking a dramatic pause.
Castle : Leaving the mess for everyone else to clean up, as usual.
Alexis : I don't mind. Dinner was fun.
Castle : Well, it's our room, not hers. Just remember.
Castle : Even despite that hideous bedspread she bought.
Alexis : If you're hungry, there are lots of leftovers.
UNK: Oh, thank you. I grabbed a slice on the way home.
Alexis : You really are turning into a cop.
Castle : Yeah? Do you think?
Alexis : So who got killed today?
Ryan : The nanny.
Alexis : - Do they know who did it? - Well, apparently in an actual homicide,
Castle : they don't know who did it until after the guy gets caught.
Alexis : - How come we never had a nanny? - Well, your mother and I decided
UNK: if someone was gonna screw you up, we wanted it to be me.
Castle : Only you managed to turn out fine somehow anyway.
UNK: Surprisingly.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is that the prodigal son I hear,
UNK: returned from working the night shift?
UNK: You catch any perps today, kiddo?
Castle : And some might say still are.
Alexis : I was just asking Dad how come we never had a nanny when I was little.
Castle : I spared her any stories of my own personal experience.
Martha : I had a real job as a working actress.
UNK: Mr Petersen : You know, not everybody can sit at home
Martha : in front of a laptop and claim to be employed.
Alexis : Really? You had a nanny?
Castle : Yeah, only we didn't call them nannies then.
Alexis : - What were they called? - Oh, I don't know. Um, alcoholics?
Castle : Raving lunatics? No, no, no, wait.
Castle : Completely irresponsible middle-aged women who,
Castle : instead of looking after me while you were acting,
Castle : like they were supposed to, instead watched daytime television.
Martha : Oh, stop your whining. You didn't turn out half bad.
Martha : And don't forget, the good half are my genes.
Castle : Well, that's just something we'll have to take your word for, isn't it?
Castle : But I'm not asking for an apology, Mother.
Castle : Actually, I got the plot of my first novel
UNK: Police Lawyer : Detective Beckett, did you miss me already?
UNK: Which means I am one-quarter responsible for your success as well.
UNK: Really? Do they do those at night? No, for sure. I'm just...
UNK: I'm just touched that you thought of me.