UNK: She was coming from the...
UNK: 15th floor? This doesn't make any sense.
UNK: The Petersons live on 12.
Castle : Yeah, but I bet the guy who wears that condom lives on 15.
Castle : By the way, that whole elevator thing? I just did that 'cause you smell nice.
Beckett : Castle, you can't just knock on people's doors.
Castle : - Why not? Who is it?
UNK: Because you're gonna freak them out. Police!
UNK: Old Guy : - You're the police? - Uh, she is.
Castle : - I'm sorry. Do you live here alone? - Yeah. Why you wanna know?
UNK: Uh, don't worry about it. You're not young enough.
UNK: Old Guy : - Young enough for what? - To have sex.
UNK: Uh, what kind of cops did you say you were?
Beckett : He's not a cop. I'm a cop.
UNK: And you're looking for someone to have sex with?
Beckett : Castle, look.
Beckett : So sorry to bother you.
UNK: Seventy-seven ain't beyond the realm of possibility, you know?
Beckett : Pardon me, is this little girl Becca?
UNK: Mrs Harris : I'm sorry. I'm not sure I'm following.
UNK: Prior to her murder, we believe that
UNK: Sara Manning was coming from this floor.
UNK: Mrs Harris : Well, I don't know anything about that. I was at work.
UNK: Mrs Harris : - Maybe she came up to see Chloe? - Chloe Richardson?
UNK: She and Sara were friends,
UNK: and our kids get together sometimes for play dates.
UNK: Mr Harris : Hey, babe. What's going on? I thought you were going out.
UNK: Mrs Harris : - It's the police. - Police?
UNK: They think Chloe's friend Sara might've been up here the day she was killed.
UNK: Wait, you were home that day, right?
UNK: - Um, what day was that? - Tuesday.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was here.
Beckett : So did you see Sara?
UNK: Mr Harris : - I don't think so. No. - You don't think so?
UNK: No.
Castle : Mind if I use your bathroom? People never think about that.
Castle : When do cops use the bathroom?
UNK: - It's right there. - Thank you.
Beckett : So... Tuesday.
UNK: Oh, yeah, yeah. Let me think a minute. Um...
Beckett : So you're saying that you can't say one way or the other?
UNK: Mr Harris : After Chloe got here to take care of Becca,
UNK: Mr Harris : I went inside to take a nap. I work most nights.
UNK: Condoms.
Beckett : And what is it that you do, Mr. Harris?
UNK: Oh, I'm a musician.
Castle : Condoms in the bathroom.
UNK: Mr Harris : So, anyway, it's possible that Sara was up here.
UNK: I just... I couldn't really say for sure.
UNK: Mrs Harris : You know, maybe you should talk to Chloe about this.
Beckett : - I already have. - And what did she tell you?
UNK: She said that she saw Sara earlier in the day, but she didn't say anything
UNK: about Sara being in your apartment.
UNK: Mrs Harris : What else would she be doing up here?
UNK: What is that?
Castle : That sounds like somebody's cell phone.
UNK: Lan, who the hell's phone is this?
UNK: Why was her phone in your bedroom?
UNK: Mr Harris : Maybe she dropped it. I don't know.
Beckett : You told me you went into the bedroom to take a nap.
Beckett : How could she go into the room, drop the phone,
Beckett : and you not see her?
Castle : She's right. It doesn't make sense when you think about it.
Beckett : We're running a test on the condoms we found in your medicine cabinet.
Castle : Now there's something you never wanna hear.
UNK: If the spermicide's a match, you're facing a murder charge.
UNK: - Well, I didn't kill Sara. - But you were sleeping with her.
UNK: Look, we had sex, okay?
UNK: But when Sara left my place, she was fine.
Beckett : You followed her down to the basement, didn't you?
UNK: You followed her in the basement, and then you killed her.