Garrison : Otherwise, he's coming with me. Let's go, Mr. Harris.
Castle : Guess it's a lot tougher when they actually know the rules, huh?
Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : Lab says condoms are a match.
UNK: - So we can prove they had sex? - Look, if Chloe got home at 1 : 00,
Beckett : then there's no way he had time to get down to the basement,
UNK: - kill Sara and make it back upstairs. - Maybe we ought to pick Chloe up,
UNK: - see if she backs his story. - We don't have to.
Castle : Why not?
Beckett : Because the elevator cam had a time stamp.
Beckett : Our suspect says that Sara left his apartment about 12 : 45,
Beckett : and the camera in the elevator puts her on it
UNK: headed towards the basement at 12 : 48.
Ryan : We think she was murdered maybe ten minutes later.
UNK: Video Tech : - So what are we looking for? - The nanny who worked for the guy.
UNK: We're just trying to check out his story.
UNK: He claims she got home at 1 : 00, and that he never left the apartment again.
UNK: There she is. 12 : 54.
UNK: Okay, that's six minutes after Sara Manning got on the elevator.
UNK: Well, I guess Harris was telling the truth.
UNK: Wait. - What?
UNK: - Wait, where's the kid? - Where's what kid?
UNK: Becca.
Beckett : The little girl that Chloe takes care of.
UNK: Maybe she left the kid in the playground with one of the other nannies.
Beckett : Harris said that she came back with his daughter
Beckett : - at the same time every day. - What difference does it make?
Castle : The difference is that there are no coincidences,
UNK: not when murder's involved.
UNK: Chloe would've known Sara's schedule, and Chloe would've known
UNK: that Sara was in the basement at that time.
Montgomery : Pick her up.
Roommate : - Can I help you? - Does Chloe Richardson live here?
Roommate : - Yes, but she's not here right now. - Where did she go?
Roommate : - Into the city. - Do you mind if I take a look around?
UNK: No.
Roommate : But I'm telling you, she's not here. She left about an hour ago.
UNK: Detective.
Roommate : That's the family that Chloe works for.
Castle : Not exactly the whole family.
Castle : She cut the mom out of the picture.
Castle : - Where in the city did Chloe go? - To their apartment.
Roommate : She said that they needed her to babysit tonight.
UNK: She must've found out that I took Harris in for questioning.
Castle : If she talked to his wife, she'd know he'd been released.
Castle : And we both know what she does to people she doesn't like.
Beckett : She's going after Ian Harris.
UNK: We better find her before she finds him.