Beckett : So where'd the vic's jumpsuit come from?
Esposito : Costume shop.
Esposito : Our John Doe was not an inmate, he was a college student.
Esposito : Tattoo on his shoulder is the original mascot design
Esposito : of the Hudson U. Red Devils.
Esposito : Now, I checked the college website.
Esposito : Peter Garber, 21 years old. Majoring in marketing.
Ryan : But that doesn't explain the jumpsuit.
Beckett : You guys, it's October.
Beckett : Halloween's basically a month-Iong party in college.
Ryan : Ah, the hallowed halls of academia. I remember them well.
Esposito : More like the hallowed halls of crackheads at my schools.
Beckett : Head over to Peter's frat house, interview his roommates.
UNK: I'm gonna break the bad news to the dean.
UNK: - AII right. - Okay.
Beckett : Hi, I'm Captain Beckett. I need to speak with Dean Feller, please.
UNK: It will be nice to have a best-selling author on the faculty.
UNK: Dean Carla Feller : Welcome to the Hudson family, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Oh, please, Dean Feller, call me Professor Castle.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : Captain Beckett. Fancy seeing you here.
Beckett : Castle, I know what you're doing.
Castle : Giving back to the community by molding young minds?
UNK: You're notjoining this case.
Feller : Aren't you two married?
Castle : Yes, we are.
Castle : Dean Feller, meet Captain Beckett of the 12th Precinct.
Beckett : Yes. And husband and wife need a moment in private.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, hang on...
UNK: Ah, it took me an hour to tie this.
UNK: Wait, you saw the tattoo at the morgue, didn't you?
Castle : I saw Lanie at the morgue.
Castle : I can't recall if I saw other things on bodies with gruesome chest wounds.
Beckett : Let me ask you, how large of a donation check
Beckett : did you write in order to become a professor?
Castle : Guest professor.
Castle : Look, I have no desire to interfere with your case.
Castle : But I can't help it if my path crosses with yours while I'm teaching here.
Beckett : Castle, I asked for time. Why can't you give me that?
Castle : Because you need me.
Beckett : - I can't do this right now. - Kate...
Feller : I'm sorry to interrupt,
Feller : but I really need to know why there are police on my campus.
UNK: A student ofyours, Peter Garber,
Beckett : was found murdered in Central Park last night.
Feller : That's awful.
Feller : He was a wonderful young man.
Feller : A model student. He won this year's Fellowship Award.
Beckett : Well, I'll need access to all of his files
UNK: as well as a discreet room to interview his teachers and friends.
Feller : Of course.
UNK: And as for you, Professor, this is a police investigation.
Beckett : Stay out of it.
Castle : She's such a kidder.
Esposito : We got something.
Esposito : What's wrong?
Beckett : Castle's here.
UNK: He's bought himself a PhD to get in on this case.
Beckett : You guys are not to work with him in any way. Is that understood?
Ryan : - Yeah. - Yes, absolutely.
Beckett : Okay, so what do we got?
Ryan : A suspect.
UNK: Yeah?
Esposito : Peter was pledge master at the Beta Omega Rho fraternity house.
Beckett : Let me guess. He hazed someone and they threatened revenge.
Ryan : The opposite, actually.
Ryan : Scott Powell. Former Beta Omega.
Ryan : Scott terrorized a group of pledges, got one of 'em sent to the hospital.
Ryan : So Peter turned Scott in, got him booted from the frat.
Beckett : Okay, well, that sounds like motive. Let's bring him in for questioning.
Esposito : Yeah, that might not be the right approach.
Ryan : Scott's dad is a defense attorney.
UNK: When the university tried to expel Scott, Daddy threatened to sue.
UNK: So Scott's not gonna talk to us.
UNK: Unless we can get him to talk without him realizing that he's talking.
UNK: How do you plan on doing that?