Alexis : Hey. Hers, too.
Castle : Take us to Dr. Lillstrom. Right now.
UNK: Warden,
UNK: we, um, have a problem.
UNK: Barbara Lillstrom : Damn right we do. Years of planning, of research ruined.
UNK: Do you have any idea of the damage you've caused?
Castle : Ask me if I care.
Castle : We're here investigating Peter's murder.
Emily : Peter's dead?
Lillstrom : Look, he broke out. That's not my responsibility.
Lillstrom : New York's a dangerous town.
Castle : We know all about your relationship with Peter.
Lillstrom : I'm the advisor on his thesis.
Castle : You advised him on a lot more than that.
Castle : You were having an affair.
Lillstrom : Excuse me?
Castle : We found your little sex dungeon
Castle : and the message you wrote on the mirror.
Castle : Peter broke up with you, didn't he?
Castle : So you punished him the only way you knew how,
Castle : by making him your prisoner.
UNK: But then he escaped.
Castle : Is that when you decided he had to die, Doctor?
Guard : You killed Peter?
Lillstrom : It's not true. Any of it.
Castle : You're coming with me.
UNK: What?
Castle : You open those cells, but no one leaves here until I return with the police.
Lillstrom : Do not listen to him.
UNK: Oh, and, uh, you're indoors and it's dark,
Castle : so take off the sunglasses. You look stupid.
Castle : Yet another case closed, courtesy of Richard Castle Investigations.
UNK: Um, who is this woman? And are you in handcuffs?
Lillstrom : This man abducted me.
Castle : It's not an abduction.
Castle : It's a citizen's arrest, please get it straight.
Castle : Beckett, please meet Dr. Lillstrom.
Castle : She was Peter's teacher with benefits. The real kinky kind, too.
Castle : But when Peter ended their trysts,
Castle : she locked him up in a secret underground prison experiment,
UNK: which is where I caught her.
Castle : You're welcome, honey.
Beckett : You went to an underground prison?
UNK: Alone?
Castle : No, not alone. I had Alexis with me.
Beckett : Oh, well, since you had backup.
Beckett : Are you kidding, Castle, your daughter?
Castle : When you say it in that tone, I sound like a bad parent.
UNK: Regardless, Dr. Lillstrom is a suspect. Trust me.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: There's protocol. You knew that.
UNK: Ifyou had a lead, you should have called us.
Castle : Oh, believe me, I wanted to, but they locked us up in a cell.
Beckett : No, I mean you should have called us...
Beckett : wait, they locked you up?
Beckett : You know what? Never mind. I don't wanna know.
Beckett : Just go find Ryan and Espo and take them to the prison.
Lillstrom : That man is insane.