Castle : Get out. Now!
Scott : Works for me.
UNK: What?
Lanie : Are you okay?
Scott : What the hell?
Scott : First the cops try and front me, and then that clown.
UNK: Cops?
UNK: A guy from my old frat got killed Iast night.
Esposito : Peter Garber.
Scott : They think I hated him because he got me kicked out for hazing some newbies,
UNK: but I've spent the last semester trying to make amends.
Alexis : - With Peter? - Yeah.
Scott : Told him I was sorry, you know, and he said we were cool.
Scott : Even asked me for a favor.
UNK: He said he needed a quiet place to study, away from the frat house.
Scott : I work at Residential Housing,
UNK: so hooked him up with an empty apartment on the DL.
Alexis : Why didn't you tell the cops?
Scott : My dad's a lawyer and he taught me, you never trust the police.
Scott : Actually, you know, he also taught me that blondes are more fun.
Scott : What say we go out later?
Scott : My crew and I found this great bar Iast night called Jinx...
Alexis : I'd love to, but I'm actually getting fitted for an iron lung in the morning.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Okay, Vikram, what have you got?
Vikram : I might have identified Allison Hyde's killer.
UNK: Pulled footage from the hotel cameras around the time Hyde was killed.
UNK: I managed to ID everyone except this guy.
Beckett : Look, this doesn't mean anything.
Beckett : There's plenty of people who aren't in our facial recognition database.
Vikram : Didn't just use ours.
UNK: Snuck into the NSA, ran him through their top-secret database.
Vikram : It's a civil liberties nightmare but very comprehensive.
UNK: Our well-dressed man is a total ghost.
Vikram : So, unless you know a Ghostbuster, we're out of luck.
Beckett : I might know somebody.
Beckett : He's helped me out in the past
Beckett : and he's connected to this world, but he's technically dead,
Vikram : which means you're gonna have to dig him up.
Vikram : Just to be clear, you mean he faked his own death
Vikram : and now he's hiding under a new identity