Lillstrom : I'm innocent.
Beckett : If he says you're a suspect, then trust me, you're far from innocent.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : Right this way, guys.
Castle : Oh, no.
Castle : Oh, no, no, no, no!
Castle : I told them to stay.
Esposito : They're not dogs, Castle, they're college kids.
UNK: What did you expect?
Ryan : This place has been completely cleared out.
Ryan : Dr. Lillstrom must have had a contingency plan.
Castle : They took all the evidence.
Castle : And I let it happen.
UNK: AII because I wanted to impress Beckett.
Castle : Sorry, Beckett. I screwed up.
Beckett : Yeah, you did.
Castle : And I jeopardized the entire case.
Beckett : Again, yes.
Beckett : But you know what, if it wasn't for you, then we'd still be thinking
Beckett : that Peter's prison uniform was a Halloween costume.
Esposito : So, I've been digging into Dr. Lillstrom.
UNK: Did you know that for the past decade she's been contracting with the Army?
Esposito : Working psy-ops?
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : The Navy funded the first, the original Stanford Prison Experiment.
Castle : Maybe the Army is behind Dr. Lillstrom's modern-day incarnation.
Esposito : That would explain how the place was scrubbed so quickly.
Beckett : Now, why would the military be interested
Beckett : in a bunch of college students playing prison?
Esposito : Well, the government's in need of new counter-terrorism techniques,
Esposito : aimed at the millennial generation.
Esposito : How to get into the minds ofyoung terrorists and break them.
Beckett : And what better source of lab rats than the millennials here at home?
Esposito : But we'll never get those surveillance tapes back,
Esposito : so how do we prove that Lillstrom left the prison
Esposito : to kill Peter after he escaped?
Beckett : We need a confession.
Castle : Well, the doc likes mind games, right?
Lillstrom : Charge me or let me go.
UNK: Which sounds better, "Negligent infliction of emotional distress,"
UNK: or "Gross psychological abuse"?
Esposito : What are you doing?
Beckett : I'm writing an e-mail to the entire Hud U. faculty.
Beckett : I figured I'd let everyone know
Beckett : that you were conducting an unauthorized experiment
Beckett : with members of the student body, secretly funded by the US military.
Lillstrom : I'd love to see you prove it.
Lillstrom : Especially because every participating student
Lillstrom : signs a non-disclosure agreement.
Beckett : Oh, well, then I suppose you won't mind if I send this.
Lillstrom : Wait! wait.