UNK: AII right, keep running prints.
UNK: I'm gonna walk around, see what I can find.
UNK: Go.
Lanie : Hey. You didn't call me back.
UNK: Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
UNK: Oh, it's okay. But are you okay?
UNK: I'm fine. I'm just a little lost,
UNK: and taking some space so I can figure things out.
Beckett : I just hope that I haven't hurt him too much.
Lanie : Girl, please, Castle is a grown-ass man.
Lanie : And he knows that you love him very much.
Lanie : I'm sure he's okay.
UNK: I just... I don't know what to do, Lucy.
Lucy : I've compiled a list of top-ranked divorce attorneys.
Castle : No, I don't want a divorce.
Castle : I want my wife back. How am I gonna do that?
UNK: I don't know. How did you get her in the first place, Rick?
Castle : Has Beckett talked to you?
Lanie : Give us a minute.
Lanie : You know better than to think I would betray her confidence.
Castle : Damn it, Lanie, tell me.
Castle : Why is Beckett keeping me in the dark?
Lanie : The man who went Houdini for two months last year?
UNK: Whoa. I didn't Houdini. I was Houdini'd.
Lanie : Doesn't matter. when you came back, she accepted you without question.
Lanie : So you can damn well give her some space now.
Castle : I can't lose her.
Lanie : I know.
UNK: Is that from the 12th?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Escaped prisoner. Young. Maybe 21, 22.
UNK: Is that iron fence?
Lanie : - Tree branch. - Ouch.
Castle : Got an ID yet?
Lanie : I'm not telling you.
Castle : I've seen this devil before.
UNK: Just stop.
Lanie : Working murders is not yourjob anymore.
UNK: He's gonna be an absolute wreck.
UNK: Alexis Castle : And it's our job not to let him spin out. That's what the CDRK is for.
Martha : - Castle Depression Rescue Kit. - Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : Video games. Sumatran civet coffee beans.
Alexis : Enhanced Blu-rays of the original Twilight Zone. And this.
UNK: Nine-woof-woof?
Alexis : Puppies at your doorstep in 30 minutes or less.
Ryan : - Ah. - Puppies.
Castle : Good morning, my lovelies.
Castle : Isn't it great to be alive?
Martha : Richard, are you feeling okay?
Castle : Never better.
Castle : Because I know how to win Beckett back.
Alexis : Is she wanting to be won back?
Castle : When we first met, it was my roguish charm
Castle : that caused Beckett to drop her guard,
Castle : but it was my Sherlockian skills that made her fall in love with me.
Castle : I just have to solve a few cases with her
UNK: to show her that together, we are still magic.
Martha : Richard, you do know that you cannot just barge your way into the precinct
Martha : and talk your way onto a case anymore.
Castle : I am a licensed private investigator.