Beckett : The DA has branded you a fugitive.
Beckett : Every cop in New York is looking for you.
UNK: Yes, well, they won't be the only ones after the 5 : 00 news.
Castle : By now they've tagged my phone, my house, my accounts.
Castle : I'm not going to last long out here. We have to act quickly.
Beckett : I've got teams at your place looking for any trace of Tyson.
Beckett : Ryan is wading through paperwork at Tessa's office
Beckett : to see if there's a connection.
Castle : Well, that could take weeks. I think I've got something better.
Castle : Sitting in Holding, I kept thinking, "How could he possibly pull this off?
UNK: "How could he get video of me buying those earrings?"
Castle : And then it hit me.
UNK: "Broadway Casting"?
Castle : You want someone to play a role, you cast it.
UNK: Look at this notice from four months ago by a celebrity lookalike firm.
Beckett : Private book club party?
Castle : Look who they're looking for.
UNK: "James Patterson, Stephen King, J.K. Rowling..."
Beckett : And me.
UNK: Casting Agent : Yeah, we placed that ad.
UNK: Casting Agent : Sent a couple of headshots over to the client's P.O. Box,
UNK: Casting Agent : but never heard back.
UNK: Shoo.
UNK: - Uh... Could I get the address? - Sure.
Castle : And did you send over any Richard Castles?
UNK: Casting Agent : Let me check.
UNK: Casting Agent : - Just one. - Great.
Castle : We'll need his information as well.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : So the P.O. Box the agency sent the headshots to
Beckett : was paid for in cash and rented for a month.
UNK: The owners gave no forwarding address. It's a dead end.
Castle : Tyson might be a dead end, but Richard Castle isn't.
Castle : Look, it's me.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : Yeah, people come up sometimes asking me to sign your books.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : So I figured I'd submit.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : But I never heard back.
Castle : You know, uh, now that I'm up close, I really don't see it.
UNK: Uh... So, is this you?
UNK: Castle Lookalike : Yeah. That was for a reality show on store security.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : It was an odd gig. They sent me in to buy earrings.
Beckett : And was this man involved somehow?
UNK: Castle Lookalike : He looks a little like the show's producer.
Castle : You wouldn't happen to have his contact information, would you?
Esposito : What do you mean he's with you? How did he escape?
Beckett : Espo, not now. I need an address.
UNK: All right. Well, the address for the show's producer
Esposito : is another dead P.O. Box, and the phone number's defunct.
Beckett : Okay, what about his paycheck?
Esposito : Well, I talked to the bank
Esposito : and the corporate account that cut the check is closed,
Esposito : and the corporate contact, Joseph Vacher,
UNK: well, doesn't seem to exist.
Castle : Yeah, he exists all right. Or at least he used to.
UNK: Joseph Vacher was a famous French serial killer from the late 1800s.
Esposito : So he's got a sense of humor.
Beckett : Have any other checks been written from that corporate account?
Esposito : Yeah. Cut to a Kurtzman Insurance.
Beckett : Tessa worked for them.
Ryan : So, there's no mention of Vacher in her policy files,
Ryan : but there was an entry in her calendar.
UNK: Yeah, here it is. Six weeks ago. Site visit with a "J.V."
Castle : Well, that's him. Has to be.
Beckett : Did she write anything else with it? A phone number, emails, an address?
Ryan : No phone number, but there is an address.
Ryan : Maybe where they went for the site visit.
Ryan : Looks like it's in northern Manhattan, near the bridge.
Beckett : Castle, he was posing as a building owner looking for insurance.
Beckett : He probably found an empty property. Could be worth a look.
Beckett : Kev, hook up with Espo and meet us there.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : Someone saw the news. We gotta go.