Gates : 3XK targeted multiple victims.
Gates : Always women, never men. So why the change?
Beckett : Revenge. That's the only thing that explains everything.
Gates : No, not everything. Not that video of Castle.
Esposito : Yeah, actually, it might.
Ryan : Tyson did something similar in the Russo case.
Ryan : Used a double for the cameras to throw us off.
UNK: Sir, the DA's already filed charges.
UNK: They're gonna send him to Central Booking today.
Beckett : We know that we can prove this, we just need more time.
UNK: Ada Toni Gonzalez : You want the DA's office to do what?
Gates : All we're asking for is a delay until we can sort all this out.
Gonzalez : No. What you're asking for
Gonzalez : is preferential treatment for a murder suspect.
Gonzalez : You want to sort this out, you sort it out after he's arraigned.
Beckett : No, I don't think you understand. There's not going to be an after.
Gonzalez : If it's his safety you're concerned about,
Gonzalez : we're prepared to put him in protective custody.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who you're dealing with?
Beckett : Do you even know what Jerry Tyson has proven himself capable of?
Gonzalez : Who do you think met with the families of his victims
Gonzalez : and held their hands when he slipped through your fingers, Detective?
Gonzalez : I'm very aware of what 3XK is capable of.
Beckett : Then you should know that your protective custody isn't worth a damn.
Beckett : If he wants to kill Castle, he's gonna find a way to do it.
Gonzalez : Captain Gates, aside from
Gonzalez : your unsubstantiated claim from a murder suspect,
Gonzalez : can you offer the DA's office
Gonzalez : one shred of evidence of 3XK's involvement?
Gates : Not at this time.
Gonzalez : Then we're done here.
UNK: I've spent some time in Central. I've seen the Tombs.
Esposito : The way they stack bodies in those cells, if there's a bounty
Esposito : on Castle's head, protective custody ain't gonna do jack.
Ryan : That's assuming Tyson paid off a prisoner. It could be a guard.
Beckett : So we can't protect him, not there.
Beckett : We have to stop that transfer.
Beckett : We need evidence that 3XK was involved.
Esposito : Yeah, but we've got nothing to go on.
Beckett : Okay, to pull this off, he needed access to Castle's loft.
Beckett : So get teams over there and tear that place apart.
Beckett : Find me a fingerprint, a hidden microphone,
Beckett : a broken window jamb, anything that puts him there.
Ryan : Tessa was seeing someone. If it wasn't Castle...
Beckett : Then maybe it was Tyson.
Beckett : Hit her office. Look for files, schedules, client lists.
UNK: There's got to be something that ties back to him.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Just heard from the team at Castle's loft.
Esposito : Nothing yet.
Beckett : So it's gonna happen just like Tyson said, huh?
UNK: I'm not going to be able to save him in time.
Esposito : We're not done yet.
UNK: Jav,
UNK: how secure is Holding?
Esposito : Whoa, you're not even thinking about that.
Beckett : We're talking about his life. We can't let them take him.
Esposito : Are you crazy? It would never work. You'll never even get out of Holding.
Beckett : - Tyson did it. - Because nobody was looking for him.
Esposito : He had weeks to plan it, maybe even longer.
Esposito : I know how you feel about the guy.
Esposito : I love him, too. But there's nothing we can do.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: They're here.