Castle : This is so much less fun than the other night at your place.
Castle : Do you remember the first time you handcuffed me?
Castle : We were at the New York Public Library.
Castle : Remember how angry you were that I wouldn't stop investigating that case?
Beckett : Yeah, I remember.
Castle : What I wouldn't give to be there now.
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : this isn't over.
Beckett : I promise you I will get you out.
Alexis : It's okay.
Castle : Whatever happens, it's okay.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Beckett : Don't be sorry. I don't need sorry.
UNK: I need to find this son of a bitch and put him in the ground.
Castle : Detective Beckett?
UNK: What?
UNK: We're here to transport one of yours to Central. A Richard Castle?
Gates : Yes, I'm looking at the transfer order right here.
Beckett : No, the paperwork says that the badge number was 871324.
UNK: No. Are you sure?
Gates : Central Booking says he never arrived. They don't know where in the hell he is.
UNK: Yeah, right. Okay.
Beckett : The badge numbers on the paperwork don't exist.
Beckett : They were imposters.
UNK: It's gotta be Tyson. He set this up.
UNK: He isn't gonna have Castle killed. He's gonna kill him himself.
UNK: Well, the DA's calling it a prisoner escape.
Gates : They've issued an APB and instructed me to begin a manhunt.
Esposito : What? They think Castle did this?
Gates : Well, as far as they're concerned, he's well-connected,
Gates : knows our procedure and has substantial resources.
Esposito : That's ridiculous.
Gates : You two keep working the Tyson angle. I've got this.
UNK: Resources.
Esposito : You believe that?
Esposito : Branding Castle a fugitive
Esposito : when he's probably being held captive by a serial killer?
Esposito : So, what's our next...
UNK: ...move?
Beckett : Thank God you're okay.
Beckett : Thank God you understood my message.
Beckett : First time that I cuffed you. What you wouldn't give to be back there now.
Esposito : - Come on. - Yeah.
Castle : I knew I couldn't call once I left.
Beckett : Castle, how did you do it?
Beckett : - How did you escape? - I got a great lawyer.
Esposito : Come on.
Castle : Someone owed me a favor. The less you know, the better.
Castle : But the good news is I'm still alive.