UNK: Javier Esposito : - Castle... - Kate, this is not me.
UNK: And I didn't buy any jewelry. I certainly didn't use a cashier's check.
Beckett : Then you need to explain it.
Beckett : This, the withdrawal, the fingerprint,
Beckett : you need to tell me what the hell's going on.
Ryan : Beckett. In here.
Castle : What is it?
Castle : Guys, what is it?
UNK: Kate?
Esposito : Richard Castle,
Esposito : you're under arrest for the murder of Tessa Horton.
Esposito : Turn around.
Esposito : You have the right to remain silent.
Esposito : Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Esposito : The bag is part of a set that he owns.
UNK: The wire and hooks are identical to the ones used to bind the victim.
Ryan : There was also a shirt inside that had some blood spatter on it.
Esposito : The lab says it's a match to Tessa's.
Gates : What's he saying?
Ryan : That he's never seen any of it before in his life.
Beckett : Sir, he's not a killer.
Gates : Then how do you explain all of this?
Beckett : The evidence isn't the whole story. Castle's taught me that.
Gates : You know, I'm not always a fan of Mr. Castle's, Detective.
Gates : But even I'm having trouble believing he'd do something so heinous.
Beckett : So then what do we do?
Gates : Our jobs.
Gates : Check his emails, computer files, and phone records.
Gates : If he was involved with this girl, there's bound to be a record.
Gates : Beckett, you talk to the family.
Gates : See if anyone else has access to his place.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Sir?
Castle : Thank you.
Gates : Don't thank me yet, Detective.
UNK: We're gonna follow the evidence, no matter where it leads us.
Beckett : You guys, when you look through Castle's phone records...
UNK: It's okay. We know.
Ryan : We won't tell Gates unless we have to.
Beckett : You know?
UNK: How?
UNK: I mean, it's us. So...
Ryan : We didn't say anything because we figured it was nobody's business.
Ryan : But we gotta ask, were you with him that night?
Elle : No. Uh...
Elle : He, uh...
Beckett : I was supposed to be.
Beckett : His mom was out of town,
Beckett : and then he said that he needed time to write.
Castle : Where's Beckett?
Gates : Under the circumstances, I think it's best if I handle the interrogation.
Castle : Come on, Captain, this is insane. I didn't do anything.
UNK: Well, we still need to investigate, and you know that.
Gates : So, let's start with your relationship to the victim.
Castle : Okay, I didn't have one.
Gates : Then, any idea how your fingerprints ended up at the crime scene?
Castle : Well, we went over that. CSU made a mistake.
UNK: They say they didn't.
Gates : Castle, if you knew her...
Castle : I didn't know her.
Gates : She was seeing someone.
UNK: Someone her roommate described as handsome and rich.
Castle : I'm flattered, but it wasn't me.
Officer : Detective, his family's here.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Martha Rodgers : - Where's Richard? - What's going on?
Castle : Of course it has my fingerprints on it, it's my bag.
Castle : But I didn't put that stuff in there.
Gates : Then who did?
Castle : What about Kurtzman?
Castle : We know he was at her apartment that night and he lied about it.
Gates : Kurtzman alibied out.
UNK: What?
Beckett : - When? - An hour ago.
Gates : His lawyer got him to cooperate. Turns out he was lured there.
Gates : - Lured? - By a text message Tessa sent.
Gates : Only it wasn't from Tessa. It was from a burner phone.
UNK: When Kurtzman showed up at Tessa's, she told him that she didn't send it,
Gates : so she sent him on his way.
Castle : Well, then why did he lie about it?
Gates : Because he spent the rest of the evening with a paid companion
Gates : and didn't want his wife to know.
UNK: So,
Gates : what about you, Mr. Castle?
Beckett : Where were you the night of the murder?
Castle : I was at home writing.
Gates : And did anyone see you there?
UNK: No. I was alone.