Beckett : What about his juvie record?
Esposito : Couple of fights, stole a neighbor's car. Nothing that explains this.
Beckett : So then, all we have is the neighbor's ID?
Beckett : That's not enough to make a case.
Ryan : I think I might have found something that can help.
Ryan : Something Kurtzman may have missed.
Beckett : A diamond earring?
Ryan : We found it in the couch.
Ryan : CSU couldn't pull a print off it, but you see the design?
Ryan : That's custom. Erica Courtney.
UNK: And you know this how?
Ryan : I recognized it from when Jenny and I went ring shopping.
Ryan : Anyway, I called up the showroom. They confirmed it's one of theirs.
Beckett : And do they have a record of who they sold it to?
Ryan : Yeah, I ran the name and the address. They're both fake.
Esposito : What about the credit card info?
UNK: Well, the buyer paid with a cashier's check, 12 grand.
Beckett : So we have no way of tracing him or the payment.
Ryan : No, but the store uses digital surveillance
Ryan : and they just sent over the tapes.
UNK: Here's the timecode for our point of sale. That's our guy.
Esposito : Look at his height, build, hair color.
Esposito : That's not Kurtzman.
UNK: That's Castle.
Beckett : - There's another explanation. - Like what?
UNK: I don't know, okay? It's somebody else. Someone that looks like Castle.
Esposito : We found his fingerprints at the crime scene.
Esposito : We got him on video buying jewelry for our victim.
UNK: It can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Javi, what are you saying? That Castle's a killer?
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no, no. None of us are saying that.
Ryan : All he's saying is that if it were anyone else, we'd look into it.
UNK: We could start by looking at his financials.
Esposito : See if there's any unusual activity around the time of the purchase.
Beckett : Fine. But we do it quietly, and he never finds out about it.
Castle : - What are you doing? - Uh...
Ryan : Javi, there's something you need to know.
Esposito : Beckett and Castle? When did they start?
Ryan : I'm not sure. But I know they were together that weekend in the Hamptons.
Esposito : Why wouldn't she tell us?
Ryan : I guess she was afraid Gates would find out
Ryan : and use NYPD regs to give Castle the boot.
Ryan : I was going to keep it a secret myself, but under the circumstances...
Esposito : Normally, I'd be happy for them.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, you don't really think that Castle had anything to do with this, do you?
Esposito : No, come on, man. He's my friend, too.
Esposito : The best thing we can do is try to prove this evidence wrong.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, Javi.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Wait a minute. Did I throw a party and forget again?
UNK: This is not a party.
UNK: Search warrant, gloves.
Castle : Okay, guys, I get it. The fingerprint thing.
Castle : I'm sorry. Lesson learned. You can all go home.
Esposito : It's not a joke, bro.
Ryan : Take him to the kitchen.
Castle : Kitchen? I just...
UNK: Beckett?
Castle : Beckett, what is this?
Beckett : We found a piece of jewelry in Tessa's apartment
Beckett : and we traced it back to the man that bought it for her.
Beckett : Castle, it was you.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : It was purchased with a cashier's check for $ 12,780.
Beckett : Earlier that day, you withdrew the same amount of money
Beckett : from your pocket account, as a cashier's check.
Castle : You looked into my financials? You're investigating me?