Gates : Well, Mr. Castle, it looks like you're off the hook.
Gates : I've spoken to the DA and they'll be dropping all charges.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Gates : For this at least.
Gates : There's still the matter of your escape from custody.
Gates : However, under the circumstances,
Gates : I'm pretty sure you can negotiate down to time served.
Gates : Detective, why don't you take him down to the station and start the paperwork?
UNK: Yo.
UNK: So the tactical teams have searched the whole building. No sign of him.
Gates : When CSU finishes, fall back and put the building under surveillance.
UNK: And what if he's already seen us and he doesn't come back?
Gates : Every cop in this city is looking for him. He won't get far.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Just finding that stuff of Tyson's. Seems lucky.
Beckett : Yeah, well, sometimes luck is all you need.
Beckett : He can't hide now. We'll find him.
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : For what?
Castle : Believing in me.
Castle : I mean, given my reputation, my history,
Castle : when you saw those emails, it would've been real easy not to.
Beckett : Yeah, well, things have never been easy between you and me.
Castle : Maybe that's what makes it all worthwhile...
Beckett : It's Tyson! Castle, get down!
UNK: Okay. Come here.
Tyson : Castle! I got your girl!
Tyson : Are you watching? I want you to see this.
UNK: You think I'd let you live? After everything you've done?
Tyson : Castle! Come on, I want you to watch.
Tyson : I want you to watch as I take her life.
Beckett : Over here.
UNK: Water's pretty murky. Haven't seen anything yet.
Beckett : They still haven't found the body.
Castle : They won't. He's not dead.
Beckett : Castle, what are you saying?
Castle : This was never about me. This was about him.
Castle : Those initials in her datebook, he's not that careless.
Castle : He wanted us to find that place.
Castle : He wanted us on this bridge.
Castle : Tessa's murder, the frame up, all of it was to get us here
Castle : so we could help him do what he couldn't do for himself.
UNK: Disappear, so he can start killing again.
Beckett : You think he planned this?
Castle : How does a wanted man stop being wanted?
UNK: It has to be public. It has to be final.
Beckett : Do you know how crazy that sounds?
UNK: No one's gonna be looking for him anymore.
Beckett : You shot him. He's dead. It's over.
Castle : For now.