Gates : So, for the record,
Gates : you're saying you have no alibi?
Castle : I think I'd like my lawyer now.
Martha : Well, this is madness. This is just madness.
Beckett : It's temporary. We just need to find out the truth.
Beckett : Now, can anyone else access your apartment? Does anyone have keys?
Martha : Well, Alicia, the housekeeper.
Alexis : Yeah, but she's been with us for 15 years.
Alexis : And there's a security system.
Alexis : Even if someone had a key, the alarm would go off.
Beckett : Have you noticed anyone out of the ordinary in the building lately?
UNK: A maintenance worker, delivery man?
UNK: Anyone that could've been casing the place?
Martha : No, no, no, no, nothing.
Castle : Thanks. I'll be here.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Castle, whoever is behind this,
Beckett : whatever is going on, I will figure this out, I promise.
Castle : I know.
Beckett : In the meantime, you have some visitors.
Alexis : - Dad? - Oh...
Martha : Oh, Richard!
Martha : Oh, darling.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Tech just finished with Castle's computer.
UNK: Parts of it had been wiped, just like Tessa's.
UNK: Were they able to recover anything?
UNK: They found a file that he had deleted.
Esposito : It was a story concept about how to commit the perfect murder.
Ryan : Beckett, the character gets away with it
Ryan : by staging a crime scene so bizarre
Ryan : the cops can't see he's hiding right under their noses.
Esposito : It was like a dry run on paper,
Esposito : all the way down to the weird symbol that we found on the victim's forehead.
UNK: They found something else on his drive.
Ryan : Emails. Dozens of them.
Ryan : Between Castle and the victim.
UNK: Beckett,
UNK: they had been having an affair.
UNK: They started up about eight weeks ago,
Beckett : according to those emails.
Beckett : He met her after one of his book signings
Beckett : and he asked her out for coffee and that was a...
Beckett : It was just a couple of weeks after we started seeing each other.
Lanie : Oh, sweetie.
Beckett : He told her that he needed to keep it a secret,
Beckett : because he was with someone else.
Beckett : And then when he tried to break it off about a week ago,
Beckett : she threatened to go and tell his girlfriend.
Beckett : He offered to come over to her apartment to talk things through.
Beckett : And that was the night of the murder.
Lanie : He had motive.
Lanie : What did Castle say when you talked to him?
Beckett : He said that the emails were faked.
UNK: He said he never wrote that story and that he was being framed.
Beckett : You should have seen him, Lanie.
Beckett : He looked like a little boy, he was so scared.
Beckett : I know him, Lanie.
Beckett : He is an immature, egotistical,
Beckett : self-centered jackass sometimes, but he's not this.
Castle : Are you sure?
UNK: Jerry Tyson : They say dogs can smell fear.
UNK: Did you know that some humans can as well?
UNK: Jerry Tyson : You reek of it.
UNK: Tyson.
Tyson : I prefer 3XK.
Tyson : How long has it been
Tyson : since I left you and Detective Ryan in that motel room?
Castle : Somebody? Help! Somebody, I need some help in here!
Tyson : They can't hear you.
Tyson : Or see you.
Tyson : I'm afraid I'm much more thorough than that.
Castle : You did this. You killed Tessa.
Tyson : She's not my type. I prefer blondes, remember?
Tyson : Here's a much more believable story.
Castle : You killed Tessa.
Tyson : It practically writes itself.
Tyson : After all, you commit murder every day in your mind for your books.
Tyson : It's not hard to imagine that you'd eventually cross the line.
Castle : Why are you doing this, Tyson?
Tyson : Four years, Castle.
Tyson : I gave up four years of my life
Tyson : planning the perfect vanishing act,
Tyson : so that the cops would stop looking for me,
Tyson : so that I could begin again, could begin killing again.
Tyson : So that I could taste that fear again.
Tyson : Four years.
Tyson : You ruined it.
Castle : Well, if it's revenge you wanted, why not just kill me?
Tyson : Where's the fun in that?
Tyson : No, no, no. It's more fun to destroy you.
Tyson : Why do you think I let you live that night in the motel?
Tyson : People think it's killing that I like, but murder is just an act.
Tyson : It's all about the anticipation, the planning.
Tyson : Watching you and your daughter taking a walk.
Tyson : You and Beckett making love.
Tyson : Standing in your living room,
Tyson : being inside your life,
Tyson : knowing that I'm going to take it all away from you.
Tyson : That's what I like.
Castle : You won't get away with this.
Tyson : Oh, please.
UNK: What are you going to do? You're gonna tell them that I came here?
Tyson : You think that they're gonna believe the lies of a desperate man?
Castle : Beckett will.
Tyson : Even if she does, she can't save you. There's no time.
Tyson : When the DA files charges tomorrow,
UNK: they're gonna send you to Central Booking. The Tombs.
Tyson : I have people waiting for you.
Tyson : You will not last the night.
Tyson : And that'll be her punishment.
Tyson : Believing that you're innocent and not being able to stop it.
Tyson : It'll haunt her for the rest of her life.
Tyson : Lucky for you, you'll be dead.
Beckett : We went through the surveillance footage
Beckett : from last night.
Beckett : There's no evidence that Jerry Tyson was in the station,
UNK: and there is no evidence that the system had been tampered with.
Castle : Beckett, I swear to you, he was here.
UNK: Castle...
Castle : No, I know. I sound crazy.
Castle : A desperate story from a desperate man, just like he wanted.
Beckett : You're right, it does sound desperate.
Beckett : But it's the first time that this story has made sense.
Castle : You believe me?
Beckett : I never stopped.
Castle : He's going to kill me, Kate.
Castle : I can't run. I can't hide.
Castle : What am I supposed to do?
Beckett : I'm telling you, it's the Triple Killer.
Beckett : Strangulation, misdirects, planting evidence, it's Tyson's MO.