Castle : Not before today.
Esposito : What about the victim?
Esposito : Are you sure you didn't know her?
UNK: Javi.
Esposito : What? You know I have to ask.
Beckett : No, it's simple, okay? He touched the door when he walked in.
UNK: CSU got the timeframe wrong. That's the only explanation.
Castle : Unless I've got an evil twin.
Esposito : Twins don't have the same fingerprints.
Esposito : It's a common misconception. This was you.
Castle : Yeah, I know. I was joking.
UNK: Contaminating a crime scene is not a joke.
Esposito : I'll square this away with CSU.
Esposito : You watch your hands next time, okay?
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Just be careful.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: So, I've been through all of Tessa's belongings.
UNK: No sign of any high-end jewelry.
Ryan : But from the empty spaces in her jewel box,
Ryan : there might be some pieces missing.
Beckett : He took back the ones he gave her.
Beckett : It's like he knew what we were looking for.
Castle : This guy really knows how to cover his tracks.
UNK: No. Not all of them.
UNK: Canvass of the building turned up a neighbor who claims
UNK: he saw someone heading to her apartment at 7 : 45 on Friday night.
Beckett : Did the neighbor get a good look at him?
UNK: Well, he got a clear shot right through his front door peephole.
UNK: I'm bringing in a sketch artist right now.
Beckett : All right, get it over as soon as it's done. The roommate might be able to ID him.
Ryan : - You got it. - Detective!
Beckett : The roommate identified him as Tessa's boss.
Esposito : Lloyd Kurtzman, CEO of Kurtzman Insurance Brokerage.
Beckett : - Any priors? - Nothing major.
Esposito : He's got a couple of harassment suits. But he does have a sealed juvie file.
Castle : A juvie file?
UNK: Call Judge Markway.
Beckett : Kurtzman was torturing puppies as a kid, I want to know.
UNK: Good-looking and rich, huh? Just like Tessa's mystery man.
Castle : And like Tessa's mystery man, he's married.
UNK: Lloyd Kurtzman : She was such a glowing presence.
UNK: Lloyd Kurtzman : You couldn't help but notice her.
UNK: You know, it's hard to imagine anyone wanting to kill her.
Castle : I'm sure it is.
Beckett : Were the two of you close?
Kurtzman : As close as I am to any of my employees.
Beckett : And when was the last time that you saw her?
Kurtzman : Friday morning. At our staff meeting.
Beckett : Friday morning? Are you sure?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Not Friday evening?
UNK: No.
UNK: So, you didn't go to Tessa's apartment at 7 : 45?
Kurtzman : Her apartment? No, no.
Beckett : That's funny.
Beckett : We have a witness that saw you there that night.
Beckett : Mr. Kurtzman, where were you Friday night?
UNK: I'd like to speak to my lawyer now.
Beckett : He's not talking.
Castle : I guess a confession was too much to hope for,
Castle : some story that might explain it all.
Beckett : Yeah, we've got teams at his home and his office.
Beckett : We'll know more after the search, but Esposito talked to his wife,
UNK: and she said he didn't come home that night.
Beckett : He was working late.
Castle : I'm guessing he wasn't at work.
UNK: No.
Castle : I wonder if there were others, or if she was the first.
UNK: If her "glowing presence" awakened something inside him.
Castle : What's wrong?
UNK: - It's just, that crime scene. - What about it?
Beckett : The person that killed Tessa was meticulous.
Beckett : But when we questioned Kurtzman, he got all flustered.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So if he put that much thought into killing her,
Beckett : then why didn't he have an alibi prepared?
Castle : Perhaps because he was so meticulous,
Castle : he didn't expect to get caught?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey. What did you find?
Esposito : Well, they're still processing,
Esposito : but so far there's nothing in his house or office
Esposito : that connects Kurtzman to the murder.
Beckett : Did you check his emails?
Epsosito : Yeah, there's no mysterious deletions from his hard drive,
Epsosito : no unusual activity.
Epsosito : Nothing in his phone records, either.
UNK: Yeah, well, that's not a surprise.
Beckett : I mean, if he's done this before, he knows how to cover his tracks.