House : If you can't also... Fine.
Cuddy : You want to separate a patient's central nervous system
Cuddy : from the rest of his body.
House : If the pain stays, it's in his brain.
House : If it vanishes... What about options three, four and five?
Cuddy : His respiratory system freezes, or he dies of infection,
Cuddy : or he leaks CNS fluid like a fire hydrant, which would make him wish he were dead.
House : Scratch option five, he's already there.
Cuddy : You preach objectivity, but as soon as a patient comes in, in pain,
Cuddy : all you want to do is look under the hood.
Cuddy : You don't care if there's a one-in-three chance you'll kill him.
House : If I don't diagnose him, there's a one-in-one chance he'll kill himself.
Cuddy : I gotta go.
Cuddy : Do whatever it is you think is right.
Cuddy : Tammy. You said you were gonna be a little late.
Cuddy : DYFS is gonna be here in an hour, and this place is a disaster.
Cuddy : Never mind.
Chase : This should numb everything from your shoulders down.
Chase : Any pain that's peripheral should be gone.
Chase : What are you doing here? Just stretching my leg. Carry on.
Jeff : Bad pain day today?
House : About to get better.
House : Don't worry, he's making yours a double.
Jeff : I remember when the drugs still made things tolerable,
UNK: when I still thought I had good days left.
House : Turns out you have to live to find out.
Jeff : You don't have a family, do you?
House : Left them all back on Krypton.
Jeff : You're alone. That's why you can handle your pain.
Jeff : No need to put up a front, to be what anyone else wants you to be.
Jeff : You're having more bad days lately, aren't you?
UNK: Yes.
Jeff : Take a look at your future. Let's hope the drugs work this time.
Cuddy : I really wasn't expecting you till later.
Carlton : Had a cancellation, so I thought I'd knock you off the docket.
Cuddy : Well, I'm sorry this place is such a mess, it's been a bit of a difficult work week.
Carlton : Any guns in the house? No.
UNK: Pets? Besides the ants? No.
Carlton : Nice bag. Pricey way to ditch the diapers.
Cuddy : That's not what I usually... I sort of panicked.
Cuddy : Mr. Carlton, if you'll just give me a minute to explain...
Carlton : Everything looks fine.
UNK: Really?
Carlton : Dr. Cuddy, you've got sufficient income,
Carlton : a high degree of personal and professional stability,
Carlton : and you care enough to be embarrassed by what a mess this place is.
Carlton : Believe me, that puts you head and shoulders
Carlton : above most of the foster moms I visit.
Carlton : See you next year, if you haven't adopted her by then.
Jeff : My legs, they're different, better.
Chase : No pain at all? No, but less.
UNK: Four out of 10, maybe five.
House : Can't be.
UNK: If whatever's causing the pain's in your brain, it's still a 10.
UNK: In your periphery, a zero.
Jeff : It is. Some of the pain is gone, but not all of it.
Jeff : What does this mean?
Thirteen : Maybe Taub was right, it's psychosomatic after all.
Carrick : Which one of you is House?
House : The big black guy.