House : Either I need a new watch or Mowgli is cutting into your beauty sleep.
Cuddy : I was up all night looking at finance reports,
Cuddy : and Rachel is doing great, thanks for asking.
House : Proving that you're a better foster mom than a homeless drug addict.
Cuddy : Departmental budgets are due this week.
House : I'm gonna need an extension.
UNK: I've got some time next decade...
Cuddy : Cameron already turned yours in.
House : That's nice of her.
House : Two questions, why did she, and why are you telling me?
Cuddy : Same answer. Now you owe her a favor.
House : I'm gonna need an extension. I've got some time...
Cuddy : House, I've got a DYFS home visit on Friday.
House : And I've got a W-H-O-R-E visit on...
Cuddy : Mama's busy. You two are gonna have to go play outside for a while.
Cameron : 32-year-old male with chronic pain all over.
House : This is the favor?
House : I was expecting something involving whipped cream and tongue depressors.
Cameron : He's seen seven different specialists over three years, no diagnosis and no relief.
House : Oh, I am fascinated already. It's like I'm treating myself.
House : He gets cured, and I get to learn a valuable lesson
House : about the milk of human kindness.
Cameron : If I thought you learned lessons, I never would have quit.
House : So you're wasting a favor because...
Cameron : I think you can help this guy.
House : Drug-seeking patients...
Cameron : Don't attempt suicide with medicine cabinets full of narcotics.
Thirteen : Sounds like fibromyalgia.
Cameron : Sounds like you don't work for House.
Cameron : A diagnosis that provides neither an explanation nor a cure
Cameron : is, by definition, not a diagnosis.
Foreman : The American College of Rheumatology would disagree.
Foreman : There're specific diagnostic criteria...
Cameron : Which this guy doesn't meet.
Cameron : Putting pressure on his pain helps, doesn't make it worse.
Cameron : He's got abdominal pain, severe headaches, muscle cramps that come and go.
Taub : And he tried to off himself.
Taub : He's, obviously, mentally ill. The pain's probably psychological.
UNK: It's not a sign of mental illness to wanna be pain-free.
Taub : It is if your solution is sucking on a tailpipe. Sane people don't attempt suicide.
Kutner : Not ever?
Kutner : So, if you were being burnt at the stake and someone handed you a gun...
Taub : I'd shoot the guys with the torches.
Taub : Not one doctor this guy's seen in the past three years
Taub : has been able to find a single thing wrong with him.
Taub : What does that tell you?
House : It means they're idiots.
House : It means we got to start from the beginning.
UNK: And do a pain profile to rule out psychosomatic pain.
UNK: Search the home. Go home. Get a refill. And a donut.
Foreman : I'll help with the home.
UNK: "Choose the statement in each group
UNK: "that best describes how you've been feeling lately, including today."
Jeff : I'm not depressed. I know what I did was stupid.
UNK: "I usually sleep well. I have some trouble with sleep.
UNK: "I have a lot of trouble with sleep."
Taub : I have a lot of trouble.
Lynne : It's up and down.
Lynne : Between the pain and the meds, his sleep pattern's pretty erratic.
UNK: "He's a calm person. He's more nervous than most people.
UNK: "He's so nervous he's miserable."
Lynne : He's definitely calm.
Lynne : Sometimes calmer the worse the pain gets.
Lynne : I think talking, interacting with other people, actually makes it worse.
UNK: Interesting.
Lynne : Why, does that mean something?
Taub : No, it's just...
Taub : We've seen that in other patients.
UNK: "With help he can do chores. He no longer can do chores."
Zach : He helps all the time.
Zach : He's really strong. He used to play hockey. He was really good, too.
UNK: "I believe there's hope. Hoping for things to get better is a struggle for me.
UNK: "Most of the time I feel completely hopeless."
Zach : He still laughs, all the time.
Jeff : I guess I pray for strength more than hope.
Foreman : There's nothing in there but a pharmacy's worth of pain meds.
Foreman : This guy makes House look like a Christian Scientist.
Foreman : He's also more compliant than House. Kept all the inserts.
Foreman : Had daily pill dispensers to make sure he didn't mix them up.