Beckett : I would like to call my lawyer now, please.
Castle : It was pretty cool, the way you filled in the story there.
Castle : I think I must be rubbing off on you.
Castle : - That sounded dirtier than I meant it. Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Dispatch just got a call out of Connecticut.
Esposito : New Haven PD have two women involved in an altercation.
Castle : Speaking of dirty.
Ryan : And the ladies in question are asking for you
Ryan : - before they're taken in for booking. - For me? Why?
Beckett : - Oh, no. Oh, yes.
Ryan : They're holding Helen Parker for assault
Ryan : and Sarah Reed for trespassing.
Castle : Please tell me we can stop for popcorn on the way.
UNK: Castle. Pictures.
Uniform : Miss Reed was trespassing in the detached office.
Uniform : When Mrs. Parker confronted her, an altercation ensued.
UNK: Sarah Reed : She tried to rip my purse off my arm, almost dislocated my shoulder.
Beckett : Miss Reed, what were you doing in the Parkers' office?
UNK: Sarah Reed : - She wouldn't give me back my pen. - Your pen?
UNK: Sarah Reed : My grandfather's fountain pen. I gave it to Jake.
UNK: Helen Parker : Sam, his name was Sam!
UNK: Sarah Reed : I gave it to him before I knew he was a lying sack.
UNK: Sarah Reed : - And she wouldn't give it back to me. - I looked for it in the office.
UNK: Helen Parker : There was nothing there. I have no idea what she's talking about.
UNK: Really? Well, then what do you call this?
Castle : - That was in the office? - Yes, it was right there in the drawer.
UNK: Sarah Reed : How she could have missed it, I don't know.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Unless of course, she was lying and never bothered to look.
Beckett : Miss Reed, I understand how you're feeling,
Beckett : - but breaking into someone's home... - No, this is my grandfather's pen.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I never would've given it to Jake if I had known.
Castle : Ladies, I'm wondering if maybe we can put this whole nasty episode behind us.
UNK: Helen Parker : She broke into my house. God knows what else she stole.
Beckett : Do you mind if I take a look at the purse?
UNK: Sarah Reed : Not at all.
UNK: Happy now?
UNK: Is everyone okay? Can we all just walk away?
UNK: Helen Parker : If I ever catch your face around here...
UNK: Sarah Reed : For crying out loud, give it a rest. No wonder the guy had an ulcer.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I would, too, if I was married to you.
UNK: Helen Parker : An ulcer? What are you talking about, you crazy lunatic?
UNK: Sarah Reed : - Do not call me crazy... - Look! Look! Hello! Ladies, look!
Beckett : I understand that you're both angry and feeling betrayed,
Beckett : but taking it out on each other isn't going to help.