Beckett : Yeah, but Sam was pretending to be Jake before he met Sarah.
Beckett : - I don't understand the fake identity. - Maybe to land the job?
Beckett : I understand fibbing on your resume, but changing your identity?
Beckett : The math doesn't quite add up for me.
Castle : You know what math doesn't add up for me?
Castle : - Two wives. - One wife too many for you?
Castle : Two wives too many.
Beckett : Seems like the common denominator in that equation is you.
Castle : Good news.
Castle : I'm finally embracing the lecture you gave me
Castle : on the importance of organic food.
Alexis : You made my lunch?
Castle : You think I'm gonna let you risk your life
Castle : on the vending machines and stale donuts of the break...
Castle : - Wow. - What?
Castle : You look so grown up.
Martha : - Really? - Really.
Alexis : - Well, Gram said presentation is vital. - Well...
Alexis : I forgot my phone.
Castle : That ever happen to you with me?
Castle : One day you look, and you see your boy is all grown up?
Martha : I'm still waiting for that moment, actually.
Castle : I set you up for that, didn't I?
Beckett : Okay, so this is the property room. It's where we keep all the items
Beckett : that we find at a crime scene that aren't classified as evidence.
Alexis : - Sort of like a lost and found? - Sort of.
Alexis : Why don't the victims' families claim this stuff?
Beckett : Well, loved ones are aware of the big ticket items, like rings and watches.
Beckett : But things like sunglasses and lighters, those usually go unclaimed.
Alexis : Are these case numbers?
Beckett : Exactly, so the idea is to get rid of all of this stuff
Beckett : and stick it into storage.
Beckett : But before we do that, we have to catalog it,
Beckett : just in case someone comes in with a claim.
Alexis : Okay, so you need a description of every item
Alexis : along with its corresponding case number downloaded into the database.
Beckett : And I know that this isn't exactly what you were thinking of
Beckett : when you asked to volunteer,
Beckett : but we're low on manpower, and this would be very helpful.
Alexis : Don't worry about it. This place is gonna be so organized when I'm done,
Alexis : - you won't even recognize it. - I bet I won't.
Alexis : - Detective Beckett? - Huh?
Alexis : I know my dad can sometimes be a handful.
Alexis : And by sometimes, I mean all the time.
Alexis : But I wanna let you know you don't have to worry about me.
Alexis : I'm all about getting the job done.
UNK: Beckett. - Sir.
Castle : - Well? - Alexis? She's fine.
Castle : You know, her first day at preschool,
Castle : I hid outside in the bushes all day just to make sure she was all right.
Montgomery : First time my son went to summer camp,
Montgomery : I followed the bus all the way to the Adirondacks.
Beckett : You two are both either very sweet or very creepy.
Esposito : Super let us into Sam Parker's apartment.
Ryan : Jake Holland's apartment. - Same guy, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, just trying to keep it straight for everybody.
Esposito : Anyway, there were no signs of a struggle, and Sam's bag was...
Ryan : - Jake's bag. - Was still sitting by the door
Esposito : from when he came home from visiting his family in Connecticut.
Ryan : Which explains why we found the Sam Parker wallet on him
Ryan : when he was killed, as opposed to this one we found in his dresser.
Castle : Jake Holland's wallet.
Ryan : It's got his driver's license with his New York address,
Ryan : work ID, the whole shebang.
Castle : Please tell me that's the old double-sided picture frame gag.
Ryan : should they ever visit Daddy in the big city.
Esposito : Big news is we found this sitting on the kitchen counter.
Esposito : There's a voicemail you're gonna want to hear.
UNK: Somebody caught on to Sam's double life.
Ryan : We ran the number. Belongs to one Charles DePetro.
UNK: DePetro? That's his wife's maiden name.
Beckett : - It's hyphenated on her driver's license. Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : - Charlie is Helen's brother. - He found out what Sam was up to.
Castle : And decided to take out the trash.
Beckett : Mr. DePetro, I can understand the instinct of protection.
Castle : If I had a sister, and her husband was cheating on her,
Castle : - I'd want to set him straight, too. - That's not why I left the message.
Beckett : Did you know that Sam was cheating on Helen?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : Not until she called me last night and told me he'd been killed.
UNK: Then what did you mean when you said,
UNK: - "I won't let you get away with this"? - He owed me money.
Castle : So, Sam borrowed money from you?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : Twenty Gs. He needed it to cover the mortgage.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : They'd already borrowed against the equity in the house.
Beckett : - And what was the arrangement? - He said he needed a couple months.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : When he started the new job in the city,