Castle : She would have had to have gotten rid of whatever it was that she found.
Beckett : Great. You wanna write the part where we find it?
Castle : So Helen would never know.
Castle : What do you know?
UNK: Power mode is still on.
UNK: We're gonna need some tape.
UNK: These are pics that our vic took while he was supposedly at the doctor.
Ryan : According to New York Recycle,
Ryan : they ship their battery sludge up to the recycling plant in Paramus.
Castle : You don't need a boat to get to Paramus.
Beckett : Secret method, my ass. They weren't processing it.
Montgomery : They were switching labels and dumping it.
Castle : That Sam was quite the Erin Brockovich, wasn't he?
Beckett : There was no secret method to battery recycling.
Beckett : You shipped the sludge out on cargo barges
Beckett : and dumped it in the ocean.
Castle : The money you saved on storage and processing,
Castle : you just put into your own pocket instead.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Listen, I know my rights. And I don't have to say anything.
Beckett : You sold the bill of goods to your customers.
Beckett : You promised them that they were gonna help save the world.
Beckett : Instead, you poisoned it for money.
Castle : What happened, Carlberg?
Castle : Sam confront you? Threaten to ruin you?
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I didn't kill anyone.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : And you, you have no proof.
Beckett : Actually, I do.
Beckett : We ran ballistics. It's a match.
Castle : We found it in the dumpster outside your apartment building.
Castle : Had you recycled, you might have gotten away with it.
Beckett : he went back to his office
Beckett : to grab the last few pieces of evidence he had collected.
Beckett : And by then Carlberg had already become suspicious.
Castle : When he realized that your husband was contacting his old boss
Castle : for help in exposing his company, Carlberg attempted to buy his silence.
Castle : - But Sam wouldn't accept the bribe. - Of course not, not Sam.
Beckett : You said that the environment was the most important thing to your husband.
UNK: Well, he died trying to save it. And we thought that you should know that.