Alexis : my orientation course tomorrow morning.
Castle : Then I would be honored to carpool with you or share a cab.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Castle.
Lanie : Prelim suggests victim died
Lanie : of a single gunshot wound to the chest at close range.
Beckett : - Any signs of struggle? - Contusions coming up, here and here.
Lanie : But it's likely a result of his tumble down the trash chute.
Alexis : - What? - What are you doing?
Castle : Well, I can't breathe through my nose.
Castle : I happen to have a very acute sense of smell.
Beckett : Suck it up, Castle. Real cops deal with worse.
Lanie : Yeah, not to mention medical examiners.
Lanie : Do you know how long I have to shower before heading out on a date?
Castle : No, but if you need someone to time it for you I'd be happy to...
Ryan : Found it.
Ryan : Must've fallen out of his jacket on the way down.
Beckett : Yep, that's our guy. All right, the name is Sam Parker.
Beckett : And the driver's license has his address placed in Connecticut.
Ryan : Maybe he's visiting someone in the building.
Castle : You mean dropping by.
UNK: Ryan here. Thanks, bro.
UNK: Esposito's up on 15. Says he found out where our guy was shot.
UNK: All right. Let's go.
Esposito : From the blood spatter, our guy was shot right here.
Esposito : Then he was shoved head-first down the chute.
Beckett : He probably wanted to get out of the building unnoticed.
Beckett : Figured that the dumpster wouldn't be emptied for a couple of days.
Esposito : He didn't count on a tenant on the seventh floor, a hottie,
Esposito : seeing the body drop as she threw out her pizza box.
Castle : Is she distraught? Because I can be very comforting.
Beckett : - CSUs? - Team's on its way.
Ryan : Neighbors didn't hear the shot.
UNK: Poor man's silencer. Must've picked it up from this pile here
UNK: and then thrown it back when he was done.
UNK: Resourceful.
Beckett : How did a clean-cut, suburban guy end up this far from home,
Beckett : dead and thrown out with the trash?
Castle : Are you ready? Here we go.
Castle : I know Alexis already talked to you.
Castle : I just wanted to make sure that you're really okay with having her here.
Beckett : I wouldn't have said yes if I wasn't.
Castle : Well, yeah, but you're busy, and I just don't want her to be in the way.
Beckett : Big Castle is the one who likes to get in the way.
Beckett : I'm sure Little Castle will be a pleasure.
Esposito : Sam Parker, age 38.
Esposito : Lives in Connecticut with his wife Helen and his two kids.
Ryan : Wife's en route to the morgue to ID the body.
Esposito : We contacted the leasing office,
Esposito : and they don't have a Sam Parker listed as a tenant.
Beckett : So, he probably was visiting someone.
Ryan : Uniforms are canvassing. No hits yet.
Ryan : CSU's working to untangle the prints,
Ryan : but since it's a common room, there's probably dozens of them.