UNK: Sarah Reed : He never loved me. He was just using me the whole time.
UNK: Forensic It Guy : This guy was good. He was running a secret e-mail client
UNK: Forensic It Guy : from inside a hidden partition in his hard drive.
Esposito : English. For my partner here.
UNK: Forensic It Guy : He set things up so that he could send e-mails outside the company network
UNK: Forensic It Guy : - in case anyone ever came snooping. - What kind of e-mails?
UNK: Forensic It Guy : I speak computer. This, however, looks like chemistry.
Ryan : Was he communicating with anyone in particular?
UNK: Forensic It Guy : Yeah, all these e-mails were to the same guy.
UNK: ABerman@conn-sol.net.
UNK: -- [26 : Andy Berman, he's the CEO of Connecticut Solutions.
Beckett : He must've been who Sam was reporting to.
Ryan : They exchanged a bunch of e-mails a couple months ago.
Ryan : Then nothing till the night Sam was killed.
Castle : - And what'd that one say? - "Call me. We need to talk."
UNK: Andy Berman : Okay, yes it's true. Sam e-mailed me the other night, and I called him.
UNK: - From a pay phone? - At a gas station near my house.
Castle : Very cloak-and-dagger of you.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : He said he needed to meet me in the city.
UNK: Andy Berman : He said he finally figured out how New York Recycle was pulling it off.
Beckett : So you admit that you planted him there to steal their battery technology?
UNK: Andy Berman : They've been underbidding us left and right, stealing our business.
UNK: Andy Berman : Getting our hands on their recycling method
UNK: Andy Berman : was a way to level the playing field. They weren't gonna share it,
UNK: Andy Berman : so I offered Sam a million-dollar payday if he could get a hold of it.
Castle : And when he called and said he'd completed his mission,
Castle : you rushed right over.
UNK: Andy Berman : The thing about Sam is he and I had been down this road before.
Castle : What do you mean? He'd told you he'd found it before?
UNK: Andy Berman : I wasted hundreds of thousands on research and development
UNK: Andy Berman : with the stuff he brought me.
UNK: Andy Berman : The chemical formulas were never complete.
UNK: Andy Berman : So when my engineers tried to fill in the blanks and test them,
UNK: Andy Berman : we failed every time.
UNK: Andy Berman : Finally, we ran out of money,
UNK: Andy Berman : so a couple of months ago, I had to cut Sam loose.
Beckett : If Sam wasn't working for you, what was he calling about?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : He said he needed to show me something.
Alexis : - What? - I don't know.
UNK: Andy Berman : I drove into the city to meet him at his apartment,
UNK: Andy Berman : but as I pulled up, there were cops all over the entrance.
UNK: Andy Berman : I got a bad feeling about it, so I turned around, and I drove home.
Beckett : That's a very interesting story, Mr. Berman,
Beckett : but I have a different ending.
Beckett : One where you went upstairs to Sam's apartment,
Beckett : and he told you that he finally found the real thing.
Beckett : You said so yourself.
Beckett : Your company didn't have the million dollars to pay him.
Beckett : So you did the one thing that you could.
Beckett : You killed him, and you stole it
Beckett : in a desperate attempt to save your sinking company.