UNK: 10 blocks from here when the murder went down.
Slaughter : Yeah, so what? Could you see him in the car?
Castle : Not exactly.
Slaughter : And if his lawyer gets a hold of it,
Slaughter : you've handed him reasonable doubt.
UNK: And Vales walks.
Castle : Maybe he deserves to walk.
Slaughter : He deserves to be pulled apart by horses.
Slaughter : But the law says I can't do that.
Slaughter : But what I can do is I can lock him up in prison
Slaughter : for the rest of his life.
Slaughter : Now, the question is, are you gonna back off
UNK: or am I gonna have to report you for jumping my case?
Beckett : You do what you gotta do, Slaughter, and I'll do the same.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: LAUGHING
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : We got about an hour to figure out who really killed Glitch
UNK: before I get called to the carpet by the Chief of Detectives.
Castle : What can he do to you?
UNK: Well, best-case scenario, he suspends me.
UNK: And worst-case scenario?
Castle : SIGHS Crap.
Castle : So I'm Glitch. I just dug up three bodies,
UNK: cut the heads off of them, which was horrible,
Castle : to try and win my way back in with the Westies.
Castle : And then the kindly Mexican gentlemen I thought were helping me
Castle : suddenly pull out guns and try to kill me.
UNK: I'm running for my life,
Castle : I end up on the wrong side of this fence.
Beckett : Where you can see a sign for the subway.
Beckett : So why would you climb a barbed wire fence
Beckett : when you can just hang a right and hop a train out of here?
UNK: Fear.
Castle : For all I know, the Mexicans are driving the streets
Castle : looking for me.
Castle : With all these street lights on, I'd be a sitting duck.
Castle : But under here, it would be pitch black.
Castle : So I climb the fence and I hide.
Castle : Why hide when you can escape?
Castle : Because I wasn't just hiding.
Castle : I was waiting. I called for help.
Castle : But when they found Glitch's body,
Castle : he didn't have a phone on him.
UNK: So either the killer took it or...
Castle : Or he used that pay phone.
Beckett : Why'd you call me down here?
Beckett : Because we have definitive proof
Beckett : that Vales didn't kill Glitch.
UNK: And you wanna rub my face in it?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Look, Slaughter, we're different kinds of cops.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah.
Beckett : And although I'm not a fan of your methods,
Beckett : I know you don't want to send an innocent man to jail
Beckett : when you know that the real killer is still out there.
UNK: Okay. So who killed Glitch?
BECKETT : We know he called you, Brian.
Beckett : Your son dialed your cell from that pay phone
UNK: about half an hour before he was murdered,
Beckett : and you answered that call.
Beckett : We also have surveillance photos of you at that subway stop
Beckett : from before and after the murder.
Slaughter : All those years. All those screw-ups.
Slaughter : Must have been unbearable for a stand-up guy like you, huh, Brian?
UNK: And then Glitch calls you to tell you that he screwed up.
UNK: Again.
Beckett : But this time it was different, wasn't it?
UNK: He'd crossed a line.
Beckett : He was your son.
Brian : Which made him my responsibility.
Brian : So I did what had to be done.
Brian : He wasn't even surprised.
UNK: It was if he'd been waiting for it his whole life.