Castle : And like Laura said, I work out of the one-two with Detective Beckett.
Castle : Here's the thing,
Castle : I was hoping I could ride along with you on this one.
Castle : Just for a day or two.
UNK: No. No?
Slaughter : I need a writer hanging around like I need a case of the crabs.
UNK: That's...
UNK: What could I say to change your mind?
UNK: Well, that is a very fine coat.
Castle : And it would look fabulous on you.
Castle : So, are we good?
UNK: No.
UNK: See you, gorgeous.
Castle : You said I could ride along if I gave you my coat.
Slaughter : I never said that.
Castle : It was implied.
Slaughter : Look, I work alone. Nothing you say is gonna change that.
Castle : I'm friends with the Mayor.
UNK: Yeah?
Castle : And seeing as how I'm asking you for a favor here,
UNK: that would mean I would owe you one in return.
UNK: Well, any friend of the Mayor is a friend of mine.
Castle : What's our first move?
Slaughter : Break the news to Glitch's dad.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: CHUCKLES That was awesome! Beckett never drives on the sidewalk.
UNK: You gonna hang with me, we're gonna lay out some ground rules.
Slaughter : Rule number one, do not use the word "awesome."
Slaughter : You're a grown man.
Slaughter : Rule number two, stay out of my way.
Castle : Is that it?
Slaughter : It's kind of all-encompassing.
Castle : This is the hardest part of the job,
Castle : breaking the news to the family.
Castle : So, what's your style? Terse yet compassionate?
Castle : Sensitive but strong?
UNK: Brian, Glitch is in the morgue.
Slaughter : Someone pumped three rounds into him.
CASTLE : Uh...
Castle : Sorry for your loss.
Brian : My what? My loss?
Slaughter : Who the hell are you to talk about my loss?
Slaughter : Your boy was into something bad. Worse than usual.
Slaughter : What do you know about it?
UNK: Now why would I tell you, even if I knew?
Slaughter : It involved cutting the heads off of dead guys.
UNK: It didn't sound like your boy's brand of stupid.
Brian : My son was a simple lad operating in difficult times.
Brian : You disparage his memo ry at your peril.
UNK: Now I've gotta go tell his mum. Make arrangements.
Castle : That's a hard man.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: You don't get to be top leg-breaker in the Westies by being soft.
Castle : No wonder he didn't give us anything useful.
Slaughter : Never thought he would.
Slaughter : He's a "take the law into your own hands" kind of guy.
UNK: You think he's gonna hunt down Glitch's killer himself?
Slaughter : Yeah, and we're gonna follow him.
UNK: The tricky part's gonna be interceding before he kills the guy.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING Let's go. He's on the move.
CASTLE : Where do you think he's going?
Slaughter : I don't know. That's w hy we're following him.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Yeah. Outstanding.
Slaughter : Unis found the cemetery where Glitch got the heads.
UNK: Four blocks from the crime scene.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Slaughter : Thanks, brother.
UNK: When we get back to the office, we'll run these names down.
UNK: Find out who these heads belong to.
Castle : Why wait when I can have my team run them right now?
Slaughter : You got a team?
UNK: Hello?
Castle : I am texting you three names. All recently deceased.
Castle : I need you to run them for me.
Esposito : Beckett's not working a case right now.
Castle : No, I'm running and gunning with Slaughter from Gangs.
UNK: Then have him run the names. I don't work for you.
UNK: LAUGHING
Castle : Ah, Esposito, you are too funny.
Esposito : He's there, isn't he? Uh-huh.
Esposito : All right, if you want me
Esposito : to make you look good, it's gonna cost.
Esposito : Front row Knicks tickets.
Castle : Sounds good.
UNK: Oh! And, by the way,
UNK: your boy Slaughter, he's got quite a reputation in Gangs.
Esposito : His nickname is The Widow-maker.
Esposito : His last three partners were all killed in the line of duty.
Slaughter : All good? Yeah.
CASTLE : You think one of those guys could be the killer?
Slaughter : Nah, he's just trolling for info.
Slaughter : Which means we watch and wait.
Castle : No, thanks.
Castle : Okay, sure.
Castle : So, they call you The Widow-maker?