UNK: ALEXIS SCREAMING
Castle : What happened?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad, I got in, I got in!
UNK: Where?
Martha : Almost everywhere so far.
Alexis : Oxford, Princeton, Sarah Lawrence!
Castle : That's great, honey. I knew it would work out.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Alexis : Then why were you hiding the letters from me?
UNK: What? Come on, Dad.
Alexis : I can read a postmark. Some of these came last week.
UNK: Oh! I just... I'm sorry.
Castle : Honey, I'm just trying to protect you.
Alexis : I'm 18 now.
Alexis : You need to trust that I can take care of myself.
UNK: What?
Alexis : I got into Stanford.
UNK: Yes! Oh, great!
Martha : That's always been your first choice, right?
Castle : And yet I sense trouble.
Castle : I don't know. I mean, I should be happy.
Alexis : But after they shot me down for early admission...
Castle : They rejected you. And you feel betrayed.
Alexis : How am I supposed to get over that?
Slaughter : You look like crap.
UNK: Here. Little of the ha ir of the dog,
Slaughter : that'll get you flying right.
UNK: No, it's not gonna do anything to turn back time.
Castle : Anyway, where are we going?
UNK: A salvage yard in the Bronx.
Slaughter : I ran that Texas plate myself last night.
UNK: Turns out Maxi was telling the truth about the third player.
Slaughter : Escalade was registered to a Cesar Vales.
Slaughter : Runs with a Mexican gang.
Slaughter : Rumor has it they're making inroads into New York,
Slaughter : trying to corner the market on the city's crank trade.
Castle : So Vales is coming into town,
Castle : trying to muscle in on the Westies and the Jamaicans.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah. Which ain't exactly easy to do.
Castle : Well, it would be a lot easier
Castle : if he could get them to take each other out.
Slaughter : That's good.
Slaughter : So he's sitting around trying to think
Slaughter : about a way to make that happen,
UNK: and he overhears Glitch running his mouth.
Castle : Right, he realizes
Castle : if a Westie was to turn up murdered
Castle : with a bag full of Jamaican heads,
Castle : both sides would go to war.
UNK: And they can jump in and take over the territories.
Castle : Are you sure it's such a good idea
Shay : to go after this guy ourselves?
UNK: Maxi made him sound pretty dangerous.
Slaughter : Piece of cake. Guy's nothing but a two-bit punk.
UNK: He's high-level Mexican mafia, about as dangerous as they come.
Ryan : According to the DEA,
Ryan : Cesar Vales is suspected in the deaths of over a dozen people,
Ryan : including three cops in Mexico
Ryan : who were killed with a sledgehammer and then cut up into pieces.
Esposito : You don't think Castle and Slaughter are going after him?
Ryan : I'd put money on it 'cause I wasn't
UNK: the only one who ran his plates last night.
Ryan : Slaughter did, too.
Esposito : If Castle and Slaughter go after this guy,
Esposito : they're gonna both end up dead.
Esposito : We need to warn Castle.
Ryan : I tried, but his phone keeps going to voicemail.
Ryan : I got a bad feeling that they're on their way
Ryan : to take down Vales right now.
Castle : You're not going to mangle anyone today, are you?
Slaughter : I like to keep my options open.
UNK: There's a hell of a lot of them.
Slaughter : Just follow my lead.
Slaughter : Hola, gentlemen,
Slaughter : on behalf of the NYPD,
Slaughter : I'd like to welcome you to the greatest city on God's green Earth.
Slaughter : Unless you want your friends to see
Slaughter : what the inside of your head looks like,
Slaughter : back off.
MAN : CHUCKLES Whoa!
UNK: Ceser Vales : Now, what seems to be the problem, officer?
Slaughter : You Vales? That's me.
UNK: The name Michael Reilly mean anything to you? Aka Glitch?
Vales : No, I'm afraid not.
Slaughter : That's funny,
Slaughter : 'cause I got an eyewitness who puts you and your girls here
Slaughter : shooting the hell out of h in Queens two nights ago.
Vales : That is funny.
Vales : Hey, you. Where's your badge?
Slaughter : In his other coat.
UNK: Hmm.
Slaughter : Yeah, Vales,
UNK: we know all about your plan to use Glitch to spark a gang war
UNK: so you could move your drug business into New York.
Vales : Wow. Your partner here, is pretty high-strung, isn't he?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: High-strung?
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa.
UNK: SIRENS BLARING Hey!
UNK: NYPD!
RYAN : NYPD! Let me see your hands!
Esposito : Party's over!
Vales : That's too bad, because this was just getting interesting.
Slaughter : If I were you, I'd get your affairs in orde 'cause I'll be back.
Esposito : Hey! Slaughter!
Esposito : Going in there like that without backup,
Esposito : putting a civilian in harm's way,
Esposito : that's not only reckless, that is bad police work.
UNK: You're just lucky that we traced Castle's phone
UNK: and we found you guys in time.
UNK: Well, you think I'm going to thank you for almost ruining my play?
Castle : You had a play?
Slaughter : I always have a play. I had to escalate things.
UNK: We could find the weak member of the herd.
Castle : That kid.
SLAUGHTER : Exactly.
Slaughter : He's the one I'm gonna get to flip on Vales,
Slaughter : once I figure out how to separate him from the pack.
Ryan : Who knew all these years we've been working together
Ryan : that you had a death wish?
Castle : What, that? That wasn't bad.
Castle : Slaughter had a plan.
Ryan : Yeah, he had a plan to get you killed.
UNK: CELL PHONE BUZZING
Castle : It's Slaughter.
Castle : I gotta go.
Esposito : All right.
Ryan : Next time, we might not be there to save you.
UNK: You need to do something.
UNK: Espo, if the guy's hell-be on leaving the nest,
Beckett : then there's nothing that I can do about it.
Esposito : You don't really feel that way. Do you?
UNK: Don't you listen to those whiners, Sherlock. You got balls.
Slaughter : Yeah, I may have needlessly put you
Slaughter : in a little harm's way there with Vales,
Slaughter : but seeing as it paid off...
UNK: What do you mean "paid off"? BANGING TRUNK
Castle : What was that? What was what?
MAN : Hey, come on, man! That's not cool!
Castle : Is there someone in the trunk?
Slaughter : Gilberto Mendoza. Our weak link.
UNK: Let me the hell out of here, man!
Castle : Please tell me that we're just going to talk to him.
Slaughter : Yeah, pretty much.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: GILBERTO SCREAMING
UNK: Come on, man! Cut it out! Can't do that!
Castle : This is wrong. You gotta stop.
UNK: Not until he flips on Vales.
UNK: GILBERTO SHOUTING
Slaughter : Hear that, Gilberto?
Slaughter : Only way you're getting out of that trunk is if you rat out your boss.
Gilberto : Well, guess what, I'm not saying nothing.
UNK: Hey, remember that fav or you promised me?
UNK: There's this civilian review board thing coming up.
Slaughter : Excessive force complaints, total BS, right?
UNK: GILBERTO SCREAMING
Slaughter : Anyway, you being a friend of the Mayor and all,
Slaughter : I figure a stateme nt from you
UNK: would go a long way in makin those charges go away, right?
Castle : You're crazy. Is that a no?
Castle : I'll do it. I'll do it if you stop.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
UNK: HORN HONKING
Slaughter : Outstanding. Next Tuesday, 9 : 00 a.m. sharp.
Slaughter : I'll send you an email.
Gilberto : Hey, man, I know my rights, all right?
Gilberto : This is kidnapping. Police abuse. Uh-huh.
Slaughter : I know something, too, Gilberto.
Slaughter : You got a brother in juvie back in Texas.
Slaughter : Poor little Hector.
Slaughter : I hear he cries himself to sleep every night.
Castle : Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Slaughter : Just having a little chat here with Gilberto.
Slaughter : Listen, unless you want something very bad to happen to Hector,
Slaughter : you're gonna help me bury Vales, aren't you?
Castle : Aren't you?
UNK: Okay. Okay, what?
Slaughter : I need to hear the magic words.
Gilberto : Vales killed Glitch.
UNK: "Vales killed Glitch." Yes!
UNK: Victory!
GILBERTO : Vales was looking for a way
Gilberto : to take over the Jamaicans' and Westies' turf.
Gilberto : That's when we heard about
UNK: this punk-ass Westie trying to prove himself
Gilberto : and Vales saw his chance.
Gilberto : He convinced Glitch
Gilberto : that if he dug up a couple of Jamaicans and cut off their heads
UNK: that it would get him back in tight with his Westie pals.
SLAUGHTER : So Vales wanted to use the heads to spark a gang war,
UNK: have the Westies and Jamaicans to go at it till no one's left standing,
Slaughter : then he waltzes in, takes over the territory?
UNK: Yeah.
Slaughter : What went down at the cemetery?
Gilberto : Vales got Glitch to dig up the bodies.
Gilberto : The plan was to kill him and make it look like the Jamaicans did it.
Gilberto : And Glitch must have sensed it or something,
UNK: 'cause he took off right as we started to open fire.
Slaughter : Tell me about the murder.
Slaughter : Look, kid, I know you're scared. And I was a little rough.
Slaughter : But I talked to the DA and the feds.
Slaughter : They said you cooperate with me,
Slaughter : your brother's sentence will be reduced to time served,
Slaughter : and both of you get a free ride into WITSEC.
Slaughter : So, tell me how it went down.
Gilberto : We chased him, we cornered him.
Slaughter : Under the overpass?
UNK: Yeah.
SLAUGHTER : And?
Gilberto : And then Vales shot him twic and just left him for dead.
Slaughter : How many times?
UNK: Three.
Gilberto : He shot him three times.
Burke : What do you think you're doing?
Slaughter : Closing this case.
Slaughter : I got an arrest warrant for Vales burning a hole in my pocket.
Castle : You coached that kid through his interrogation.
UNK: What? No, no. I just refreshed his recollection.
UNK: Really? 'Cause the way he was talking,
Castle : he didn't even witness that murder.
UNK: Vales has bodies on him like you wouldn't believe.
UNK: Women, children, cops.
UNK: I get a chance to put him away, I'm going to take it.
Burke : Question is, are you in or out?
Castle : I guess I'm out.
Slaughter : Well, that's a shame.
Slaughter : I had high hopes for you, Sherlock.
UNK: I never thought you'd punk out on me like this.
Castle : Hey, I need some help.
Ryan : Sorry, Castle, caught a murder.
Esposito : Talk to Beckett.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : How's it going?
Beckett : You can skip the small talk, Castle. What do you want?
UNK: Slaughter went too far.
Beckett : Well, isn't that what he does?
UNK: Along with "kicking ass and taking names"?
Castle : He pressured a kid into making a false statement
Castle : so he could arrest Vales.
Beckett : So you came to me so I can fix it?
UNK: Richard Castle : You have every right to be mad.
Castle : You warned me about Slaughter and I wouldn't listen.
Castle : I'm just trying to make this right.
Beckett : It's not my case, Castle.
Beckett : Even if I wanted to help,
Beckett : we've got strict rules about interfering
Beckett : in another cop's investigation.
Castle : I'm not asking you to do it for me.
Castle : I'm asking you to do it
Castle : so the real killer doesn't get away with murder.
Beckett : What makes you think
UNK: I'm actually gonna fall for that blatant manipulation?
Castle : Because it's true.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What's this?
UNK: A traffic cam shot of Vales' car 10 blocks from the cemetery,
Beckett : heading away from the overpass where Glitch was killed.
UNK: 11 : 57? Glitch was killed after midnight.
UNK: This shows that Vales couldn't have killed him.
UNK: You did this for me?