UNK: Finn Rourke told us all to stay away from him.
Slaughter : The head of the Westies made you freeze Glitch out?
UNK: Why?
Shay : He screwed up another job last week.
Shay : He abandoned a truck full of stolen medical equipment on the FDR
Shay : after he ran out of gas.
Shay : The only reason Finn didn't have Glitch killed was Brian.
UNK: Because he knew he was crazy enough to go after him
Shay : if anything happened to his kid.
Castle : Why did Glitch have a bag full of heads?
Shay : No clue.
Slaughter : When was the last time you saw him?
Shay : Two days ago.
Shay : Said he was going to do something
Shay : to get back in good with the Westies.
Castle : Did he say what it was?
Shay : No. And I didn't ask.
Castle : How could Glitch think that cutting the heads off dead bodies
Castle : would get him back in good with the Westies?
Slaughter : He wasn't a deep thinker.
Slaughter : I wouldn't knock myself out looking for motive.
UNK: Cappuccino?
Castle : Rule four. COP : Castle.
Castle : Oh! Perfect. Thank you.
Castle : Thank you very much.
Uniform : Esposito said you'd have something for him?
UNK: That's...
Castle : Tell him they're on their way.
Esposito : All right. Looks like we got IDs on our heads.
UNK: All three belonged to members of the Trench Town Posse.
Slaughter : Hot damn. Mystery solved.
Castle : Trench Town Posse.
Slaughter : Jamaican gang runs girls and drugs from Brooklyn to the Bronx.
UNK: They're fighting a turf war with the Westies
Slaughter : over the Morningside Heights.
Castle : I bet Glitch thought he could make his bones
Castle : by cutting the heads off of Westie enemies.
Castle : Bet he planned on putting those heads
UNK: in some high-ranking Jamaican beds.
UNK: Like the horse's head. The Godfather.
Slaughter : Yeah, that's the stupidest thing you've said yet.
UNK: And just dumb enough to seem smart to Glitch.
Slaughter : And knowing that boy, he'd run his mouth,
UNK: Jamaicans hear about it and they ambush him. Come on.
Slaughter : I got a source on the street, tied in with the Jamaicans.
Slaughter : He'll be able to give us intel.
Castle : I love this "run and gun" police work.
UNK: DR. BURKE : You're upset. No.
Beckett : Yes, okay? Fine.
Beckett : Yes, I thought that the two of us were actually getting closer together.
Beckett : And now it seems like he's just pulling away.
Burke : Have you asked him why?
Beckett : Yes. And he said, "Oh, everything is fine."
Beckett : What makes you think it isn't?
Beckett : Because he's acting li ke a complete jackass!
Beckett : He shows up at the precinct with
Beckett : these bimbos hanging on his arm
Beckett : and now he's running around with another cop.
Burke : Is this other cop a woman?
UNK: No. No! Why... SIGHS
Beckett : Why would you even ask tha That's not even the point.
Beckett : The point is, I don't understand why he's acting like this.
Beckett : I mean, what did I do?
Burke : Well, maybe, from his point of view,
Burke : the question is, what didn't you do?
Beckett : Wait, what? What do you mean?
Burke : When you were shot, Castle said that he loved you.
Burke : How long ago was that?
Beckett : Seven months ago, but I wasn't ready to hear that then.
Burke : What do you think he's telling you with his behavior?
Beckett : That maybe he's not there anymore?