Beckett : And a cold-blooded killer doesn't suddenly feel guilty enough
Beckett : - to commit suicide, does he? - Not in any story I'd write.
Beckett : So if we're right, and Max didn't move Donny's body, then who did?
Lanie : Looks like your basic, garden-variety suicide.
Beckett : But you said on the phone that there was something
Beckett : that wasn't consistent with a suicide.
Lanie : Looks like suicide, but his shooting hand,
Lanie : more specifically, his right index finger, has a slight abrasion,
Lanie : visible only under the scope.
Lanie : Department autopsy protocol doesn't even call to look for that kind of thing.
Beckett : And the abrasion means what to you?
UNK: That someone may have helped him pull the trigger.
Lanie : Plus, toxicology has his blood alcohol content at 0.28.
UNK: 0.28? - So he was drunk.
Castle : Way drunk!
UNK: At 0.28, he may not have even been conscious.
Beckett : So Max was murdered.
Beckett : Whoever staged Max's suicide
Beckett : wanted us to believe that he killed himself out of guilt
Beckett : over shooting Donny, which makes me think
Beckett : Max didn't kill Donny, after all.
Castle : The other kids corroborated Romy's story,
Castle : that Max pulled the trigger.
Beckett : I didn't say he didn't shoot him. I said he didn't kill him.
UNK: Is that a Zen koan one-hand-clapping thing? I...
Beckett : These kids played a game of pretending to shoot at each other.
Beckett : What if one of them wanted Donny dead for real?
Beckett : What better way than to get someone else to pull the trigger?
Castle : You think one of the other kids put a bullet in the gun without Max knowing.
Beckett : - That's our killer. - Oh, I like that.
Beckett : - You bought the bullets, Spencer. - It was just to screw around.
Beckett : If by screwing around, you mean intentionally putting a bullet
Beckett : in a chamber, knowing that Max was gonna shoot Donny, then yes.
Beckett : - You and I are in total agreement. - Detective Beckett...
Beckett : If the point of the game was to shoot without bullets,
Beckett : then why would you have bullets, unless you intended to use them?
Spencer : I told you. I didn't know there were any bullets in the gun.
UNK: Well, somebody did. And I think whoever it is, killed Max.
UNK: Your gun, your bullets. From where I'm standing, Spencer, you did it.
UNK: So, where were you between 6 : 30 and 9 : 00 last night?
UNK: Uh...
Spencer : At my dad's club, The Century, with Brandon.