UNK: Reading the paper? You are gonna lose
UNK: all of your wired-teen-hyper-texting nano-gizmo street cred.
UNK: I'm a rebel. I kick it old school.
Castle : - Is this... - Cream, two sugars.
Castle : Thanks. Style section. Anything I need to know?
Alexis : - The '70s are back. - Hmm.
Castle : Morning, Mother. You're dressed early.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I have class.
UNK: I believe that's a matter of some debate.
Martha : At the New School, funny man.
UNK: Look, it's not that I don't appreciate everything you've done,
Martha : but a girl has to stand on her own two feet.
Castle : What's the class?
Martha : Introduction to Life Coaching.
Martha : It's always been my desire to make a difference, whether on stage or off.
UNK: And I've had cards made.
UNK: That's my ID... It says here, I'm your client.
Martha : Well, of course you are. Haven't I been telling you what to do your whole life?
UNK: Oh, uh, Dad, Julie Schmidt's father's back in rehab,
Alexis : so a spot opened up to chaperone the D.C. Trip.
UNK: Where is the... How did you know Julie's dad was back in rehab?
UNK: Must be a wired-teen-hyper-nano thing. So what do you say?
Castle : Sorry, kiddo, but with you away, my chaperoning needs reside here.
Castle : Or are you forgetting what happened the last time we left her alone?
Alexis : So she had a little party.
Castle : There were lime shards embedded in the walls.
Martha : It was Cinco de Mayo.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : I hear dead people.
Castle : Who was murdered, and was it gruesome?
UNK: One victim. Donald Kendall, 18. He was a senior at Redding Prep.
UNK: Someone's gonna miss prom night.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Redding Prep?
Castle : Private school on Park Avenue.
UNK: No trust-fund baby left behind.
Beckett : What's he doing in a boat?
Esposito : No idea.
Beckett : Dr. Parish, how you doing?
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Feet are cold.
UNK: So, what do you got for me?
Lanie : Single GSW to the chest, fairly large-caliber.
Lanie : And, from the lack of blood inside the boat, I'd say he wasn't killed at sea.
Beckett : - Somebody moved him. - He's got dirt and grass
Lanie : all on his Chucky T's.
Lanie : Other than the postmortem voyage, looks like a pop-and-drop.
Lanie : I'm guessing sometime late last night.
UNK: Well, if somebody dragged him here, he couldn't have come from very far.
UNK: Let's get uniforms down here to do a perimeter walk.
UNK: Get them to go from the boats over there down to Fifth.
UNK: And tell them they're looking for a blood pool and possible shell casings.
UNK: Roger that.
UNK: Esposito, did you check the boathouse?
Esposito : Not yet.
Beckett : So why the burial at sea?
Castle : The Vikings believed that if you wanted to reach Valhalla, you needed a vessel.
Beckett : Gun-toting Viking? That's your theory?
UNK: No, no, no. They also launched their dead with a sacrificial woman.