Beckett : - What about the gun? - I told you. I don't pack.
Yenkman : Criminal record with no firearms convictions
Yenkman : does sort of give it the ring of truth.
Yenkman : If past is prologue, how we doing on reconsideration?
Yenkman : Don't have to answer if you don't want. I know the answer.
UNK: Any time. Any time, Beckett.
Montgomery : You got to be kidding me. I already told the brass that we got the guy.
UNK: I can see how that'd be a little awkward.
Montgomery : The mayor even called to thank me.
Montgomery : He's in for the Knicks game, by the way.
Castle : - Sweet. - Look,
Beckett : I know everyone likes the violent drug dealer for this.
UNK: No, we love the violent drug dealer for this.
Beckett : Only, the violent drug dealer's story makes more sense than our witnesses'.
Castle : Plus, and I know I'm new here,
Castle : but aren't you supposed to arrest the right guy?
UNK: Okay. Go and talk to the girl again.
Montgomery : But my violent drug dealer stays where he is until I say so.
Montgomery : - See you at the game. - Got it.
Beckett : So, this dealer asked Donny for the couple hundred he owed him, right?
Beckett : - Yeah. - And Donny told him he didn't have it?
UNK: Right.
Beckett : - You mind if I take a look at your purse? - Her purse? What for?
Beckett : I can get a warrant if you want.
UNK: Gucci.
Romy : What does my bag have to do with anything?
Beckett : If Donny was such a good friend, why did you let him get shot?
Beckett : Let him?
Beckett : You had more than enough money to pay off the guy.
Beckett : I bet you all had more than enough. And yet Donny is dead.
Beckett : Why didn't any of you front him the money?
UNK: - What are you implying? - She isn't implying.
Castle : She's saying your daughter is lying about what happened that night.
Beckett : There wasn't a guy, was there, Romy?
Romy : - I didn't do anything. - Romy.
Beckett : What really happened to Donny that night?
Romy : It was an accident.
Romy : - We were just playing a game. - A game?
Romy : - Like Russian roulette. - Romy. With a gun?
Romy : It was just for fun. We did it all the time.
Romy : - For fun? - Where'd you get the gun, Romy?
Romy : Spencer had it. We never meant for there to be bullets.
Romy : We just pointed the gun at each other and pulled the trigger,
Romy : just to see what it felt like.
Beckett : Then how did Donny get shot?
Romy : Spencer bought bullets.
Romy : We went up to his summer house in Montauk,
Romy : just to shoot around cans and stuff.
Romy : One must have got left in by accident.
UNK: Who? Who shot him?
UNK: Romy, look at me. Who shot Donny?
Romy : Max. It was Max.