Beckett : you should probably come up with something better pretty quick.
UNK: Why you jamming me up like this?
Beckett : What were you doing in the park last night?
Beckett : A very reliable witness said she saw you running
Beckett : towards 72nd Street about midnight.
Castle : Shouldn't she put him on his heels? Go straight for the shooting?
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : It's not about putting him on his heels.
UNK: This is about building a case for the DA.
UNK: See? She just got him to put himself at the crime scene.
Beckett : So running isn't illegal, but shooting someone is.
Beckett : Shooting someone?
UNK: Do you recognize this person? Donny Kendall.
Scoville : - Never seen him before. - Really?
Beckett : How come I'm getting the feeling that
Beckett : you're not being completely truthful with me?
UNK: Watch this. Watch her, now.
Scoville : - I want immunity. - From what, the mumps?
Beckett : You know what a three-time loser is, Scoville?
Beckett : It's a person facing a third felony conviction.
Beckett : Someone just like you, in fact.
UNK: - All right. I seen him. - Last night?
Scoville : Yeah. Last night.
Montgomery : Just placed him with the victim.
UNK: You're a drug dealer. How'd you know him? You poker buddies?
Beckett : It was real nice chatting with you, Mr. Scoville.
Beckett : Maybe you can drop me a line in about 25 years.
Scoville : All right, all right! Hold up, hold up! All right! I sold to him.
Beckett : - When? - Last night.
UNK: A bunch of other times, too. Him and his little buddies.
Beckett : Describe them.
Scoville : Couple of dudes. Couple of chicks. One was Asian. Kind of hot.
UNK: Okay. So you're telling me that you saw all of them in the park last night, right?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And now we got some witnesses.
Castle : Witnesses who lied.
Beckett : You guys lied to me.
Beckett : You were all with Donny when he got shot, weren't you?
UNK: Anyone know what obstruction is?
UNK: I believe that's when you deliberately give false information
Castle : - in a criminal case. - You go to prison for it.
Beckett : Max? Amanda?