Brandon : You don't have to believe me. I have proof.
Brandon : We'd take these videos, you know, just for laughs. Doing crazy stuff.
Brandon : Romy's dad, Mr. Lee is like this big IT guy,
Brandon : and he hooked us up with a file share over Bluetooth.
Brandon : That way, we'd all get the files.
Brandon : - Amanda shot this that night. - What is it?
Brandon : A video.
Brandon : Of Donny getting shot.
Brandon : We were all supposed to erase it. But I knew that if the truth came out,
Brandon : we'd all be screwed.
Brandon : And after what happened to those kids in that Duke case, I just...
UNK: I didn't wanna end up like that.
UNK: Here.
UNK: You okay?
Castle : I was just thinking about Donny's parents,
Castle : what they'll go through when they watch that video.
Castle : Guess it's not too often you get a murder caught on tape, huh?
UNK: Yeah, well, he was smart to keep it.
Beckett : Otherwise, they'd all be facing a manslaughter charge.
Castle : Yeah. That was pretty smart when you think about it, wasn't it?
Beckett : I know that tone, Castle.
Castle : I'm just saying, it's pretty lucky they filmed their little game that night.
UNK: Yeah, well, people post crazy stuff on YouTube.
Castle : I get filming it the first few times. It's exciting. But the 10th?
UNK: The 15th? What was so special about that night?
Beckett : - Donny got shot. - So the only reason to film it is...
Beckett : You knew something was gonna happen.
Beckett : And that was when? Okay, thank you, Mrs. Kendall.
UNK: Get this. Donny and Amanda were dating until about a month ago.
Castle : When Donny broke it off.
Beckett : - You weren't in school today, Amanda. - So?
Amanda : - I wasn't up for it. - Yes. Lying can be so exhausting.
Amanda : So can losing two of your friends.
Beckett : We saw the video.
Amanda : Brandon told me. So now you know everything.
UNK: Why'd you shoot the video that night?
UNK: I don't know. We did lots of times.
Beckett : When was the last time, before that night?
Amanda : I don't remember. Look, I thought you said you saw what happened.
Castle : We did. We're just not sure why we saw what happened.
Beckett : Your decision to make a video that night doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : Unless you knew something was gonna happen.
Amanda : You think I knew? It was totally an accident!
UNK: There's no way I could have known Donny was gonna get shot.