Brandon : That was before they moved and everything.
Beckett : Were any of you with Donny last night?
Spencer : We hung out after school, but we all headed home around 5 : 00.
Beckett : Do you know of any reason he'd be in the park?
Beckett : Look, you guys, I went to York. I know all about honor codes
Beckett : and protecting your friends.
Amanda : You went to York Prep?
Brandon : How's a Yorkie end up a cop?
Beckett : Things happen. Things like this.
UNK: The point is, is that if you're trying to protect your friend's memory, I get it.
Beckett : But eventually, the truth comes out.
Beckett : And the faster it does, the easier it'll be for us to help find who did it.
Brandon : His family had lost everything.
Amanda : Not that we cared. But we go out, you know?
Romy : We always offered to cover him, but he couldn't handle it.
UNK: - Yeah, he just kind of fell apart. - Fell apart, how?
Castle : Guys, he can't get in trouble.
Amanda : He kind of got into drugs.
Castle : If he had money problems, how'd he support a drug habit?
Amanda : He started dealing, in the park.
Castle : Classic tragedy.
UNK: Prominent family falls into disrepute, scion spirals down.
Beckett : And bad things happen.
Castle : Of course bad things happen. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a tragedy.
UNK: Did you know, in the original Greek, "tragedy" literally means "goat-song"?
Beckett : I know, doesn't make any sense to me, either.
Castle : Whatever that first story was, I can't help but think
Castle : bad things must have happened to that goat.
UNK: Beckett. Mmm-hmm. Yeah.
UNK: Okay. Of course. Sure, I'll be right there.
Castle : Next time, put it on speakerphone.
UNK: I'm gonna wanna see the pictures of those plaid skirts and knee socks.
Beckett : - Excuse me? - I've seen those York school uniforms.
UNK: Okay, I want in on your poker game. I went to public school.
Beckett : I just told them that to make them feel comfortable.
UNK: Well played, Ms. Streep.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Ryan : So, a 911 call comes in last night, about 50 yards from here.
Ryan : Esposito's following up, but we found this. Looks like mud. It's actually blood.
Ryan : Figured, he was sitting on top of the bench,
Ryan : takes one to the chest, falls back over here.
Ryan : And then he's dragged to the lake.
Beckett : So what's he doing sitting on a park bench at night?
UNK: During my narc days, this area was pretty much an open bazaar,
Ryan : - especially at night. - A drug deal gone bad.
Ryan : Fancy private school education don't mean you aren't stupid.
Castle : Neither does a career in narcotics.
Beckett : - What are you talking about? - This is a very large pool of blood.
Beckett : Lanie said he was shot with a large-caliber bullet.
Castle : So, if this kid is dragged when he's a fresh kill,
Castle : wouldn't there be more of a blood trail?
Beckett : He was lying here for a while.
Ryan : Why would someone come back and move him?
Castle : If it was a drug dealer, then he's gonna realize