House : Cancel your dinner plans.
House : Short on medical history, she's only eight hours old.
House : What she's not short on is doctors.
House : Unfortunately, none of them have been able to solve her breathing problems.
Foreman : Immature lungs?
Taub : Full term. And they gave her surfactant. Looks like they're fully developed.
Cuddy : Need you a minute.
House : Silent reading time till I get back.
Cuddy : My nanny called.
Cuddy : Her daughter has a dance recital tonight. She can't work late.
Cuddy : And I have a board meeting tonight.
House : That's a problem.
Cuddy : My mother can't come. She has a cooking class.
House : You've really got a problem.
Cuddy : If only there were some mature adult in my life
Cuddy : who could pinch hit in emergencies like this.
UNK: Would love to. But I'm catching up
House : You should see what the fat lady's got under her big top.
Cuddy : All I need is a warm body. And she'll be asleep the entire time.
House : I got a sick baby here who needs me. Yours is healthy.
UNK: You can deal with your team by phone.
House : How about a little something extra when you get home?
Cuddy : I'm not bargaining sex for babysitting.
Cuddy : Besides, you owe me.
House : For what? Sex.
Cuddy : I still don't see a female doctor in that room.
Cuddy : It's making me very unhappy.
House : Fine. Out of the goodness of my heart.
House : Which will make you happy,
House : which will make you desire me more,
House : which will turn into more sex.
UNK: Be at my place at 7 : 00.
Taub : The sperm donor card from the father did note a history of asthma.
House : What if her lung problems are not coming from her lungs?
Foreman : Her heart looks fine.
Chase : Her liver enzymes are elevated.
House : When the liver fails, it stops producing proteins.
House : Specifically the ones that keep your plasma inside your blood vessels
House : and outside your lungs.
House : Fix the liver, she'll have enough breath to keep the entire ward up all night.
House : Foreman, you need to stay after school.
House : I apparently need to apologize.
House : Last week, I should not have gone over your head
House : and allowed Chase to hire a new team member.
Foreman : You want me to hire a white girl?
House : Go find a woman.
House : And wipe that self-satisfied grin off your face.
Foreman : This'll be quick. I've been interviewing people all week.
Foreman : Have it narrowed down to two candidates.
House : Narrow it down to one,
House : before Cuddy starts withholding sex.
Foreman : She hasn't said anything to me about that.
House : I said wipe the grin.
UNK: House, Vo : Yeah, she's fine. I can hear her breathing in the monitor.
UNK: House, Vo : I just checked. I'm checking every 10 minutes.
UNK: House, Vo : Fine, I'll check again.
UNK: Aw, she's so cute when she's asleep.
UNK: You should see this. She's got one hand over her head.
UNK: Okay. Well, you take as long as you need.
Rachel : I'm thirsty.
House : Your mommy says no, 'cause she's mean.
House : If it was up to me...
UNK: Juice!
House : No. Go back to bed.