Chase : Isolating the common bile duct.
Taub : And mobilizing the distal end for cannulation.
UNK: BP's down to 50 systolic. You've gotta stop the cannulation.
Taub : I haven't started yet.
Cheng : Hit her with a bolus of phenylephrine.
Cheng : That should buy us enough time to get in and dilate those bile ducts.
UNK: BP's rising, 70 systolic.
UNK: Nice.
Taub : I'm in the common bile duct.
Cheng : Advancing past the cystic duct.
Cheng : No strictures or blockages so far.
UNK: - BP's dropping again. - Another bolus of phenylephrine.
Cheng : She can't take more, the first bolus is still in effect.
UNK: BP's still dropping. You gotta pull out. We're done.
Taub : I was barely in.
Taub : This doesn't make sense.
UNK: A liver problem alone is not gonna mess with the baby's BP.
UNK: Whatever this is, it's gotta be affecting her heart.
UNK: Heart plus liver, could be tuberous sclerosis.
Foreman : Or it could be a vascular malformation in the liver causing both problems.
Taub : So what do you guys think of Dr. Cheng?
Chase : Best treatment for a vascular malformation is surgery.
Chase : And I think your wife thinks you shouldn't think anything of Dr. Cheng.
UNK: No surgery. Newborn baby can't handle another trip to the OR.
UNK: I didn't mean think think. I meant think as a potential hire.
Chase : What if we start the baby on steroids,
Chase : an anti-angiogenesis agent and dopamine?
Foreman : Could work just as well as surgery, snap those bad blood vessels shut.
Foreman : I'll call House to get approval.
Taub : So, what was that shrug? A "Dr. Cheng could work" shrug?
UNK: Or a "House is gonna crush you for even considering her" shrug?
UNK: You suck.
Chase : House is gonna hate anyone we hire, because he doesn't want to hire anyone.
Taub : So you think I should abstain, just give the decision back to him?
Chase : Then he'll just mock you for being a wuss. You're screwed.
UNK: Unless
Taub : House feels like hiring her is his idea.
UNK: He's still not answering.
Foreman : We should just start the treatment.
UNK: She opened up a Chinese food bag to eat money.
UNK: What an idiot.
Wilson : Okay, you ordered the moo shu pork
Wilson : and the orange cashew chicken, right?
House : Like I always order.
UNK: Have you cleaned up in there? Yeah, it's good enough.
UNK: Okay, so with tax, the change should have been 68 cents.
UNK: There's only 58 cents out there. There's a dime missing.
UNK: Well, they could have short-changed you.
UNK: Fridge magnet is not getting anything.
Wilson : That's because it's a fridge magnet.
UNK: And unless she swallowed a Canadian dime, it's not magnetic.
UNK: Really?
House : I mean, kids swallow things all the time, right?
House : She swallowed a dime, she poops it out, she'll be fine.
UNK: Absolutely. Unless it gets stuck in her intestines, causes a blockage.
Wilson : Which could kill her.
UNK: - Then she won't be fine. - You have to tell Cuddy.
UNK: Well, then, I won't be fine.
Wilson : If you don't tell Cuddy, I will go out there and tell her myself.
House : Yeah? What are you gonna tell her?
UNK: You're gonna tell her that you left coins out and you left her child unsupervised?
UNK: Hey, hey, hey! You are not gonna pin this on me.
UNK: Rachel needs to be monitored for 24 hours to see that the dime passes.
UNK: You know, just to make sure she doesn't die.
House : You're telling me to do the right thing while climbing out a window?
Wilson : Tell her!
Cuddy : She wake up at all?
House : One time.
Cuddy : That's not like her. Is she all right?
UNK: House, Vo : She's fine.