UNK: Yeah.
House : I'm shocked. Oh, no, wait a minute. That's you.
Taub : Yes, you're a genius.
Taub : The bleeding means her liver is still failing. It's not a vascular malformation...
Wilson : House, come take a look at this.
Wilson : Just past the ileocecal valve.
House : It's nothing.
House : Just an irregularity.
Wilson : It's a dime.
House : Or a pocket of air.
Wilson : Yeah, with FDR's face on it.
House : That's not a face. It's a shadow.
Wilson : House, the thing is perfectly round.
House : Move the wand to the side.
UNK: Tickles!
Wilson : That's because I'm the tickle monster.
Wilson : Look at that.
House : We need an X-ray to be sure. Great.
Wilson : Just give her an unnecessary dose of radiation? It's a dime.
Taub : - House? I know you're in there. - Open the door.
Taub : I saw your extension on the call.
Taub : What are you doing down here?
House : Uh, Wilson's got a two-year-old with cancer.
House : She's in a lot of pain. It's very sad.
House : He also has an outstanding bedside manner.
Taub : Her liver failure is getting worse.
Taub : You were right. Now what?
House : The interesting question is not why she's worse now,
House : but why she got better in the first place.
UNK: Could've been something we did that temporarily relieved the...
House : What'd you put her on again?
Taub : After the transfusion, we gave her steroids, dopamine, and the anti...
Taub : Steroids can treat idiopathic hepatic fibrosis.
Taub : Would explain why she got better, then worse.
House : But not the multiple dilated ducts.
Wilson : House, I need you back in here.
House : Cancer kid trumps liver kid.
House : Sorry, confidentiality. There are rules, you know.
Wilson : That is a dime.
UNK: Looks mobile, it's right in the middle of the colon.
House : Prime location for pooping out.
House : We'll give her some laxatives to help it on its way.
Wilson : Sounds to me like someone's going to get some yummy chocolate.
UNK: Chocolate. Yum, yum, yum.
House : You're gonna make a great mommy one day.
House : Thanks for waiting.
House : Hook the mom up to the baby. Direct blood transfusion.
Taub : And what else?
House : Nothing else.
Taub : It's amazing. She's pink and healthy again.
House : Mother's touch.
Abbey : It's a miracle. Thank you.
Taub : A blood transfusion isn't a cure.
House : Or a miracle.
Taub : Then why does the baby seem like she's cured?
House : I have no idea.
House : Our patient can either go through life with the world's longest umbilical cord,
House : or we can discuss the differential for magic blood.
UNK: Baby's O2 sats are holding.
House : Either you're Dr. Cheng, or you're early for my mani-pedi.
Taub : I thought her expertise could...
UNK: Tell us the O2 sats?
House : I hope you come with some original ideas.
Cheng : Either the mom's blood is special,
Cheng : which would mean it's treating something specific,
Cheng : which means the baby has a disease.
Cheng : Or Mom's blood is just blood, and it's replacing something the baby is missing,
Cheng : which means the baby has a simple deficiency.
House : Given the liver failure,
House : deficiency of clotting factors, enzymes,
House : or vitamins are the most likely.
UNK: Dr. Cheng : So let's find out.
UNK: Dr. Cheng : Hook the baby up to someone else's blood and see if she gets better.
UNK: Find a donor. I'm O negative. Universal donor.
House : Hook yourself up.
House : Dr. Cheng, hook me up. Walk with me.
House : My team seems to have taken a shine to you.
Cheng : I like them, too.