Cuddy : Problems in radiology.
Cuddy : A radiation dosimeter badge turned positive.
Cuddy : I could have a CT scanner that's leaking, or a spilled vial of thallium somewhere.
Cuddy : I don't even know whose badge it was.
Cuddy : The code was scratched off.
House : That had to be intentional, I mean, why would anyone...
Cuddy : I don't know. All I know is that I'm gonna need to work late.
Cuddy : I was actually hoping that you could babysit.
UNK: No. Not two nights in a row. Please.
UNK: Please?
House : I have a life, you know?
Cuddy : I will make it worth your while.
House : I am not going to bargain babysitting for sex.
House : Who the hell said that?
House : Of course I will. Thank you.
Abbey : That thing's nearly as big as she is.
Taub : Don't worry. I've done this at least once before.
Foreman : Advance another centimeter, and you're in.
Abbey : God, that looks awful. Is that from the infection?
UNK: No.
Foreman : Means we were wrong.
Foreman : It's a melanoma.
Abbie : You mean like skin cancer?
UNK: How did she get that? She's never been outside.
Taub : But you have.
Abbey : You're saying I gave my baby cancer?
House : That's it?
UNK: And how come no one got me food?
Cheng : What do you mean, "That's it?"
Cheng : The woman has melanoma, she could die if we don't...
UNK: Boring.
UNK: Since the baby has a melanoma, we kind of already knew Mom had it.
Cheng : Yes, but now we know where it is,
UNK: so we can treat it much more effectively, so...
House : Great. So treat her.
House : Also boring.
House : which means it's metastatic, which means it's late stage.
UNK: How many people with late-stage melanoma are as healthy as she is?
Foreman : Clearly something's going on in Mom's blood
Foreman : that's treating her melanoma as well as her baby's.
UNK: Antibodies.
Foreman : If her immune system was fighting the melanoma,
Foreman : it never would have spread.
House : Exactly, which means it's fighting something else.
House : And the melanoma cells are getting caught in the crossfire.
House : So what's Mom's immune system really shooting at?
Taub : Scleroderma can cause cancer-fighting antibodies.
UNK: So can Churg-Strauss, pretty much any auto-immune disease.
Cheng : Or infections that cause granulomas, TB, mycobacteria.
House : See, Dr. Cheng? This is not boring.
House : Start with auto-immune. Go test her blood.
House : And leave your food.
UNK: Just a little pinch.
UNK: So I'm not actually making her better, I'm making her sick.
Taub : You can't blame yourself.
Abbey : I ate all the right foods, I read all the books and the studies.
UNK: And I even hired a private detective to research each sperm donor.
Abbey : I just missed one big thing, my own cancer.
Taub : I'm all done here. We'll have the results soon.
Abbey : And if that's what this is? An auto-immune disease?
UNK: The treatment's fairly simple.
Justine : And if it's something else?
Taub : Let's just take this one step at a time.
UNK: And stop beating yourself up.
Justine : I'm sorry, Mom.
Justine : Not just for this. But for what I said earlier.
Justine : I was jealous and angry and I lashed out.
Justine : You were a great mom.
Justine : You are a great mom.
Abbey : I don't deserve such a good daughter.
Chang : Negative for scleroderma.
Taub : So, what did House want earlier?
Chang : He just gave me a little quiz.
UNK: Then said he was okay with hiring me.
Chang : But that it was your decision.
Chang : Negative for dermatomyositis.
Taub : He's just saying that to set me up.
UNK: So, you're not offering me the job?
Taub : If he wants me to offer you the job, something's going on.
Chang : That was my thinking, too.
Chang : It's not lupus.
Taub : Things with House are never as simple as they seem.
Taub : Trust me, he's got an ulterior motive,
UNK: and I gotta figure it out before I do anything.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: - Mom's negative for Churg-Strauss. - This isn't auto-immune.
Chang : Time to scan her for infections that could cause granulomas.
Wilson : Third poop in the last half-hour,
Wilson : still nothing.
UNK: Time's up. Operation Valkyrie is now in effect.