House : I assume you're hanging around, because you want a job.
Cheng : That would be a fair assumption.
House : Well, I'm gonna have to test you.
House : Let's say, two-year-old.
UNK: Swallowed a coin 20 hours ago. She's gonna be fine, right?
Cheng : Any signs of obstruction?
House : For the purposes of this quiz, let's say not yet.
UNK: I'd give laxatives, although I wouldn't wait too long.
Cheng : Her bowel could become ischemic, or worse, an intussusception.
House : Define "too long."
Cheng : Another six hours, max.
UNK: By then, her system's clear. If it's not out, it's not coming out.
House : And then what do I do?
House : I mean, what do you do? It's your test.
Cheng : I'd go in with a scope and get it.
Cheng : Did I pass?
House : It's not up to me. Talk to Taub.
House : Men's room?
Wilson : Turns out toilets are handy in this situation.
Wilson : And I felt relatively sure that Cuddy wouldn't come in.
House : Oh, Cuddy's been in here.
Wilson : Seriously? This must be a terrible place to have...
House : Is there such a place?
UNK: We have six more hours, then we're going in with a scope and pulling it out.
Wilson : Scope a two-year-old? It's dangerous.
House : And as you keep pointing out, so is a dime ripping through her intestines.
Wilson : Cuddy will be home from work in six hours.
Wilson : But no big deal. I'll just scream, "Look over there"
Wilson : while you quickly shove a scope up her daughter's rectum.
House : I could offer to babysit again. Let her have the night out.
Wilson : Sure, that won't raise any suspicions.
House : I wish I was nicer.
House : Give me your radiation dosimeter.
UNK: Why?
House : Because it matches my eyes.
Taub : I think we can say this isn't working.
Taub : We'll get her back on your blood. That'll help for now.
Taub : But this means there's an infection.
Taub : First we need to identify it.
Taub : We know it's in her liver, so we'll get a sample.
Taub : Then we can figure out how to help her get better.
Abbey : I had this baby because I wanted a chance to be a special mom,
Abbey : but not this way.