Foreman : You wanted House invested. He is. Hire her.
Taub : And you think I'm over-thinking this?
Foreman : Shut up and hire her.
UNK: Look.
Foreman : Oat cell lung cancer.
Taub : She has two cancers?
Taub : Cancer treating cancer.
Taub : You have lung cancer.
Abbey : I thought I had skin cancer.
Taub : As unlikely as it sounds, you have both.
Foreman : Actually, the lung cancer is basically treating the skin cancer.
Foreman : It's why you're not feeling sick.
Foreman : And why your blood's helping your baby.
Taub : We found it early, so it should be treatable.
Taub : In a way, your daughter saved your life.
Taub : We'll get you set up for the surgery and start you on chemo.
Abbey : What about Kayla?
Taub : She'll only need the chemo.
Abbie : Can't you just keep giving her my blood?
Taub : Not once we cut out the tumor.
Taub : Your body will stop making the antibodies that are keeping your baby healthy.
Abbey : Can you hold off on my surgery?
Foreman : Over the last day, your baby's liver tumors have shrunk 15%.
Foreman : Projecting forward, it would take eight or nine days
Foreman : to completely eradicate her cancer cells.
Abbey : So let's take the eight or nine days...
Foreman : The cancer probably won't spread in the next nine days, but there are other risks.
Foreman : Cancer thickens your blood, which could cause clots...
UNK: And what are the risks to putting my baby on chemo?
Taub : It could damage her brain, or affect her development.
Taub : But these risks are small compared to the risks that you would be taking
Taub : by leaving your cancers untreated.
Abbey : I want to wait. Mom, are you listening?
Justine : This is way too dangerous.
Abbey : I'll take the risks. I want what's best for my daughter.
Justine : I'm your daughter, too.
Abbey : She's a baby. You're an adult.
Justine : So, what? I don't need my mom anymore?
Abbey : No. You never did. Because I wasn't there for you.
Abbey : But look at you. You turned out great.
Justine : You don't know if I'm great. You don't know me at all.
Justine : And I'm not gonna let you martyr yourself for a two-day-old infant
Justine : just because you feel guilty, because you weren't around for me.
Abbey : I'm not martyring myself. It's nine days.
Abbey : Let's hold off on the surgery.
Wilson : You brought food?
Wilson : This is a medical procedure, not a dinner date.
House : I'm aware that this is a delicate procedure.
House : I'm also aware that my hands are shaking from low blood sugar
UNK: because I haven't eaten all day.
House : So while this may seem insensitive, this crucial lifesaving moo shu...
House : Where are my extra pancakes?
House : Damn it. They forgot the extra pancakes in my moo shu pork.
House : Every time that new girl with the blue streaks in her hair answers the phone,
House : they screw up.
House : Was she there when you picked up the food?
Wilson : You ordered extra pancakes?
UNK: How much do they cost?
House : 55 cents. I ordered two.
Wilson : So that means the total on the last bill was...
UNK: Was...
UNK: $18.42. $18.42.
UNK: Rachel couldn't have eaten a dime, because there was no extra dime.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : So, the image that we saw on the ultrasound...
House : Was obviously just a pocket of air like I said all along.
House : But you saw the worst-case scenario,
House : like every irrational, worried parent.
House : You'd make a terrible mommy.
UNK: Throw me some dumplings.
Justine : Mom, I brought you some...
UNK: Mom?
UNK: Mom!
UNK: Mom?
Justine : We need help in here! Somebody help us!
UNK: Wouldn't have happened if she'd let us remove the tumor.
Taub : Probably not.
Taub : Post-mortem, we were able to harvest all of her blood.
Taub : It's enough to treat the baby.
Cheng : That's something.
Taub : Pretty amazing case.
Taub : Thanks for your help.
Cheng : I was glad for the chance to work it with you.
Taub : I've thought about it,
UNK: and I'd like to formally offer you the job.
UNK: It's funny. I wanted to work on House's team
Cheng : until I started working with his team.
Taub : Yeah, I know. Chase and Foreman can get a little...
Cheng : Actually, it's you.
Cheng : I get that House is an ass, but at least he owns it.
Taub : You don't understand. This whole thing was just a game to House.
UNK: I didn't have a choice, but...
Cheng : You're a grown man, Dr. Taub.
Cheng : You can make whatever choices you want.
Cheng : And instead of hiring me when he said you could,
Cheng : you chose to act like a paranoid, scared little kid.
Cheng : I hate kids.
Cheng : Goodbye, Dr. Taub.
Justine : I'll make sure you never forget her.
Justine : And what she did for you.
Justine : She was just trying to be the best mom in the world.
Wilson : She was.
House : This one's all yours.
Cuddy : What happened to helping out?
Taub : I did.