House : So glad we cured his respiratory arrest.
UNK: It freed him up to develop respiratory arrest.
Foreman : LP was negative for encephalitis.
UNK: The white count's still the same,
Cameron : but the red count's fallen to 29%.
House : What was my theory yesterday?
Chase : That I screwed up the embolectomy.
Foreman : We'll get a chest x-ray to check.
Chase : I didn't screw up. Why would you...
UNK: How can you be so petty, Chase? He's down a quart.
House : Either he's losing blood because you nicked something
House : or he's just not producing blood,
House : in which case, we're talking acute anemia
House : combined with a muscular disorder.
Foreman : Paraneoplastic syndrome?
House : Either you screwed up or he's got cancer.
Patient : I think I should start smoking again.
House : You want a medical opinion supporting that decision?
Patient : The symptoms started as soon as I quit.
UNK: Symptoms meaning diarrhea.
UNK: - A lot of diarrhea. - 10 or 12 times a day.
Patient : It's really embarrassing. I'm a flight attendant and...
UNK: Well, on the up side, my hiccups are gone.
Stacy : You went to his group.
UNK: Well, you were the one who was all, "Greg, you need to confront your feelings".
UNK: That was five years ago.
UNK: Well, I've been pissy.
UNK: Fine, you don't want help. Does that mean nobody should get it?
House : Mark's looking for help because, what, he's resentful, overwhelmed?
House : - I'm asking because I care. - Not about him.
UNK: You still wanna jump me, so you don't care whose marriage...
UNK: Listen, I can get my rocks off any time I want.
House : What I don't seem to be able to do is my job
House : without you hanging over my shoulder.
House : How many packs?
Patient : A bit over one a day, but they were lights, and I quit.
Patient : You used to go out with her?
UNK: Yeah.
House : What was I thinking?
House : I'm talking about the gum you're chewing to replace smoking as an oral fixation.
House : - How many packs? - Six, maybe seven.
Stacy : I'm trying to protect you.
Stacy : Cuddy and I may be the only people stopping you from jumping off a cliff...
House : - You're pissy. - Oh, I am angry!
UNK: - You get pissy when you're frustrated. - Shut up.
UNK: Okay, I'm wrong.
Stacy : This is unbelievably difficult for Mark, which you should know.
Stacy : Which you should be able to summon up some level of empathy for.
UNK: Right. The crippled boys. We should start a band.
Stacy : I have a good thing with Mark.
Stacy : We are handling this the best way we know how.
House : And none of this has anything to do with me?
Stacy : No, nothing, except that you can't or won't just let it go.
Stacy : Let it go.
House : You're being poisoned.
Patient : By gum?
House : Sugarless gum uses sorbitol as a sweetener.
House : We use sorbitol as a laxative.
Manager : This will tell you if he's got cancer in his blood?
Wilson : If he does, we'll see abnormal cells in the marrow.
UNK: How long will the tests take?
Wilson : I'll get them in as soon as I can.
Manager : And if he doesn't have cancer, what else could it be?
Wilson : It's possible some damage was done during one of the tests we gave him.
Manager : So either one of your doctors screwed up a simple procedure
House : or he's got cancer.
Wilson : We can't know anything for sure until the biopsy comes back.
Wilson : It stings, I know.
Manager : No, he wants the tube out.
UNK: I can't do that, Jeff.
UNK: If you wanna say something, you've gotta write it down. Okay?
UNK: Here.
Wilson : If it's cancer, it's possible.
Wilson : There's no way to know for sure.