House : That's a very daring confession.
Manager : We've got confidentiality, right?
House : Assuming I'm more ethical than your client.
House : So, injecting yourself with donor red blood cells for fun and profit.
House : Any other tricks up your sleeve?
Jeff : Well, nothing much recently.
Jeff : I'm in town for a charity ride, so it didn't matter if I won.
Jeff : The kids just needed to see me.
UNK: If you go slower, they see you longer.
UNK: Let's say our health could be affected by things we did before last Friday.
UNK: Well, I usually sleep in a Hyperbaric Chamber.
Jeff : I've been pumping up electrolytes with an IV drip.
UNK: Anabolic herbal supplements, amphetamines and diuretics.
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But why would you be sick?
Jeff : I know that doping has risks. I know that it's outside the rules.
Jeff : But I do what I have to to kick ass at my job. Don't you?
Cuddy : Dr. House is a firm believer in good old-fashioned hard work.
House : This guy doesn't even get sick like a regular person.
House : Instead of a list of symptoms and no cause,
House : we have a list of possible causes for one symptom.
Chase : Is the symptom death?
House : Respiratory distress.
House : Insanity doesn't cause it. I looked it up.
Foreman : It's the doping. Injecting extra red cells boosts your endurance level
Foreman : but it also thickens your blood.
Foreman : Thick blood equals clots equals respiratory distress.
House : Not with a clean spiral chest CT.
UNK: The guy's sleeping in a Hyperbaric Chamber.
UNK: Over-oxygenation can cause cell damage,
Cameron : and if the cells in the lungs are damaged...
UNK: That'd cause pulmonary edema, which he doesn't have.
UNK: The supplements he's been taking contain yohimbe
Chase : which can cause nerve paralysis.
UNK: Tox-screen was normal.
House : All the tests were normal.
UNK: There's no clot, no edema, and yet he still can't breathe.
House : So there's something in here that we can't see.
UNK: Air.
House : Come to Papa.
Foreman : This guy's been injecting himself how many times a day?
Foreman : All it'd take is one slip of the needle to cause an air embolus.
UNK: So, air is keeping him from breathing air.
UNK: Well, let's go with that for the irony.
UNK: Get a VQ scan and check his veins for bubbles.
Foreman : Xenon 133.
Foreman : It's just radioactive enough for us to track the air moving through your lungs.
UNK: Was my accident on the news?
Foreman : Yeah, you made Plays of the Week.
UNK: A few more of those, and cycling will be as popular as NASCAR.
Foreman : We inject similar stuff into your blood so we can watch it circulate.
Foreman : If you accidentally injected a bubble,
UNK: we'll see good air flow but poor blood flow.
Jeff : I'm careful, man.
Foreman : With all due respect, man,
Foreman : I doubt there's anything wrong with you that you didn't do to yourself.
Cameron : There's this kid in oncology, she's got a picture of Jeff above her bed.
Chase : Mickey Mantle was an alcoholic.
Cameron : At least he hit his own home runs.
Cameron : He didn't physically alter himself.
Chase : We take drugs to help us fall asleep, to stay awake...
UNK: Yeah, but we don't make careers out of who can stay awake the longest.
Chase : Really? Ever been to, oh, I don't know, med school?
Foreman : Guys, he plays a game for a living. Who cares?
Foreman : You don't even like sports.
Cameron : He's making millions of dollars ripping off fans.
Foreman : Anyone who thinks they should pay a guy money
Foreman : because he can throw a ball really far or pedal really fast
Foreman : - deserves to be ripped off. - Yeah, stupid, stupid kids.
Foreman : I've got an uncle. He can spit a cherry pit 50 yards.
UNK: He's working part-time at a lube shop. Life isn't fair.
Cameron : Maybe it is.
Chase : You were right.
House : Now, there were three wasted words.
Chase : There is a bubble in his lung. We should do a Swan-Ganz catheterization.
House : I love when you do both sides of the conversation.
House : It's like white noise. It's very peaceful.
Wilson : Is there a light somewhere that goes on when I have food?
House : Green for food, orange for beverages, red for impure thoughts.
House : That bulb burns out every two weeks.
Wilson : How's your biker?
House : Pumped an air bubble into a vein in his lung.
Wilson : The things people do. Doping, Vicodin...
House : Hey, you're talking about me, aren't you?
House : I'm just trying to function. He's trying to win himself some little yellow jerseys.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What?
UNK: Trouble in paradise. 2 o'clock.
UNK: Your 2 o'clock or my 2 o'clock?
UNK: There.
UNK: She seems perfectly happy.
Wilson : Obviously they huddled in the hall and worked up this circus act