UNK: on the off chance you'd be in here.
House : She was unbelievably pissy three hours ago.
UNK: Hmm.
Wilson : Pissy with you, happy with her husband.
UNK: Yes, there can only be one possible explanation for that.
House : When she's angry she gets sarcastic.
House : When she's annoyed she's funny.
House : But when she's frustrated she gets pissy.
Wilson : Yes, yes, I'm with you so far.
House : She's miserable with Mark because he's not me.
House : So she's gotta make me not me,
House : so she makes my professional life miserable.
House : - If I can't do my job... - You really, really need to get some...
House : Oh, I get some "some" all the time.
UNK: It's why I always need to borrow some money.
UNK: Hi, James. Greg, you gotten to that paperwork?
House : I've been pissy.
Stacy : Pardon me?
House : I've been busy.
House : When you save someone's life, they owe you forever.
Mark : You're right. Take Stacy.
Mark : Oh, wait, she'd probably just leave you all over again.
House : How's your recovery going? Gotten around to the small muscles yet?
Mark : It's not the size of the muscle, it's where you get to put it.
Stacy : My goodness, it's like watching Oscar Wilde and Noel Coward in the third grade.
Stacy : Excuse us.
House : How awkward was that?
House : What's he doing here anyway? He's got physio Tuesdays and Fridays.
Wilson : Mark is in group therapy for people coping with disability.
Wilson : He was thinking about developing a drug addiction,
Wilson : - but that would be stupid. - Hey, you're... You, again.
UNK: You're not gonna make some joke about Mark being in therapy?
UNK: What's there to say? He's doing the responsible thing.
House : I'm sure he's got a lot to deal with.
Wilson : You're making me nervous.
UNK: Every time an athlete goes down, you guys assume it's drugs.
Manager : Look, the doctors say it's probably acid reflux.
Manager : Yeah, look, call me tomorrow. There's a good chance he'll be released.
UNK: Okay. Bye-bye.
Manager : So, is this fixing him?
Chase : If his acid reflux isn't worse than we thought, yeah.
UNK: I gotta be in Spain in four days.
Chase : Shouldn't be a problem.
UNK: Great.
UNK: If I could just find the little bugger, should be able to suck it out.
Jeff : My legs feel weak.
Chase : You're under mild sedation for the test. It'll wear off.
Chase : There it is.
Chase : - Got it. - Fantastic, I'll pack his things.
UNK: Not yet. I wanna monitor him for a couple of hours, make sure he's okay.
Chase : Give him time to sign a picture for me, maybe even a jersey.
UNK: "To Doctor Chase, I owe you everything."
Chase : It doesn't have to be that personal.
Jeff : Not too many eBay shoppers named Doctor Chase, huh?
Chase : Still trying to unload the Barbara Walters spit cup.
Manager : Here you go.
Chase : Seriously, anything's fine.
UNK: Jeff!
Chase : You all right?
Chase : Jeff, can you swallow?
House : What makes a guy start drooling?
House : Chase, were you wearing your short shorts?
Chase : Muscle fatigue in his neck and jaw.
Chase : He's obviously got something worse than an air embolus.
UNK: Why?
Chase : Because you don't drool from your lungs?
House : Maybe the problem is not the embolus itself.
House : Maybe it's the treatment.
House : Maybe you hit a nerve, literally.
Chase : The embolectomy was clean. His legs were tired, too.