Foreman : Well, he was losing blood, so, I thought maybe he needed blood.
House : Go forth and scan his neck.
Chase : His neck?
House : Or repeat everything I say in question form.
House : She came into the clinic and yelled at me.
UNK: Then she left, she came back and yelled some more.
UNK: Hmm.
Wilson : Yelling. That might be a clue.
House : I know what the yelling means. It's the coming and going I find interesting.
House : - It's not rational. - Anger is not rational.
House : Some anger is.
House : She could have pulled me aside, screamed at me privately.
House : Her beef is simple and well founded.
UNK: But she was out of control.
Wilson : You're having fun, aren't you?
House : She's in my face. I need to know why.
Wilson : Professional reasons.
House : Why else?
Wilson : Do you really think this is going to end well for anyone?
UNK: After this, let's scan some other totally random body parts.
UNK: 50 bucks says we find something.
Foreman : Find what?
Chase : Don't have a clue. We on?
Jeff : No way.
Cameron : No. We'll find something.
Chase : - We found a thymoma. - How'd you know to look in his neck?
Foreman : Thymoma's usually present in the chest.
House : I knew it wasn't in his chest.
House : All we've done since he checked in is look at his chest.
Foreman : - All the more reason not to think... - There are two types of PRCA.
House : Acute comes on suddenly, chronic takes its time.
House : We all thought Jeff's was acute because it happened right in front of us.
UNK: But what if it'd been there for months, maybe years?
Cameron : There's no way. It would have kept him from racing.
UNK: With that kind of anemia, he would have needed constant...
Chase : Blood transfusions.
House : Which he was getting in convenient blood doping form.
Foreman : He was treating himself without even knowing it.
House : Up to half of patients with chronic PRCA have a thymoma.
House : And up to half of patients with a thymoma...
House : I've always wanted to do this.
Jeff : I'm not getting any better. Does that mean I'm...
House : You are healed. Rise and walk.
Jeff : Are you insane?
House : In the Bible, people just say, "Yes, Lord",
House : and then start right in on the praising.
Jeff : First you tell me I've got cancer.
Jeff : And then you tell me that my manager...
Jeff : What did you do?
UNK: No, "What did you do, Lord?"
UNK: Thymoma is a tumor on the thymus gland.
House : He's a bit of a wimp, but he hangs with the tough guys.
House : PRCA and an autoimmune disease called myasthenia gravis.
House : MG causes muscle fatigue
House : including respiratory problems and difficulty swallowing.