Wilson : So put on a white coat like the rest of us. I don't want them to think I'm a doctor.
Wilson : You see where the administration might have a problem with that attitude?
House : People don't want a sick doctor.
UNK: That's fair enough. I don't like healthy patients.
UNK: The 29-year old female... The one who can't talk? I like that part.
Wilson : She's my cousin.
House : And your cousin doesn't like the diagnosis.
House : I wouldn't either.
House : Brain tumor. She's going to die. Boring.
Wilson : No wonder you're such a renowned diagnostician.
Wilson : You don't need to actually know anything to figure out what's wrong.
House : You're the oncologist. I'm just a lowly infectious disease guy.
UNK: Yes. Just a simple country doctor.
Wilson : Brain tumors at her age are highly unlikely.
House : She's 29. Whatever she's got is highly unlikely.
UNK: The protein markers for the three most prevalent brain cancers came up negative.
UNK: That's an H.M.O. lab. Might as well have sent it to a high school kid with a chemistry set.
Wilson : No family history.
House : I thought your uncle died of cancer.
Wilson : Other side. No environmental factors. That you know of.
Wilson : And she's not responding to radiation treatment.
House : None of which is even close to dispositive.
UNK: All it does is raise one question : Your cousin goes to an H.M.O.?
Wilson : Come on. Why leave all the fun for the coroner?
Wilson : What's the point of putting together a team if you're not gonna use them?
Wilson : You've got three overqualified doctors working for you, getting bored.
Foreman : It's a lesion.
House : And the big green thing in the middle of the bigger blue thing on a map...
House : is an island.
House : I was hoping for something a bit more creative.
Foreman : Shouldn't we be speaking to the patient before we start diagnosing?
House : - Is she a doctor? - No, but...
UNK: Everybody lies. - Dr. House doesn't like dealing with patients.
Foreman : Isn't treating patients why we became doctors?
House : No. Treating illnesses is why we became doctors.
Foreman : Treating patients is what makes most doctors miserable.
Foreman : So you're trying to eliminate the humanity from the practice of medicine?
House : If we don't talk to them, they can't lie to us, and we can't lie to them.
UNK: Humanity's overrated.
UNK: I don't think it's a tumor. - First year medical school... if you hear hoof beats, you think horses, not zebras.
UNK: Are you in first year medical school?
UNK: No. First of all, there's nothing on the CAT scan.
UNK: Second of all, if this is a horse,
UNK: then her kindly family doctor in Trenton makes the obvious diagnosis, and it never gets near this office.
UNK: Differential diagnosis, people.
UNK: If it's not a tumor, what are the suspects? Why couldn't she talk?
Chase : Aneurysm, stroke or some other ischemic syndrome.
House : - Get her a contrast M.R.I. - Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease?
Chase : - Mad cow? - Mad zebra.
UNK: Wernicke's encephalopathy.
House : No. Blood thiamine level was normal.
UNK: The lab in Trenton could have screwed up the blood tests.
UNK: I assume it's a corollary if "people lie" that "people screw up".
House : Redraw the blood tests and get her scheduled for that contrast M.R.I. ASAP.
House : Let's find out what kind of zebra we're treating here.
UNK: Radiology, please call the page.
UNK: Radiology, please call the page.
Cuddy : I was expecting you in my office 20 minutes ago.
House : Really? Well, that's odd because I had no intention of being in your office 20 minutes ago.
UNK: You think we have nothing to talk about? No. I just can't think of anything I'd be interested in.
Cuddy : I sign your paychecks. I have tenure.
UNK: Are you gonna grab my cane now, stop me from leaving? That would be juvenile.
Cuddy : I can still fire you if you're not doing your job. I'm here from 9 : 00 to 5 : 00.
Cuddy : Your billings are practically nonexistent. Rough year.
Cuddy : You ignore requests for consults. I call back. Sometimes I misdial.
UNK: You're six years behind on your obligations to the clinic.
House : See? I was right. This doesn't interest me.
UNK: Six years times three weeks... You owe me better than four months.
UNK: It's 5 : 00. I'm going home.
Cuddy : To what?
UNK: Nice.
Cuddy : Look, Dr. House, the only reason why I don't fire you...
UNK: is because your reputation is still worth something to this hospital.
House : Excellent. We have a point of agreement... You're not gonna fire me.
Cuddy : Your reputation won't last if you don't do your job.