Foreman : Do you have any pets in this class?
Sidney : No. But we used to have a gerbil, but Carly L. dropped a book on it.
UNK: Careless.
Sidney : - Do you need to smell it? - No. I'm smelling for mold.
Foreman : I don't need to smell it.
UNK: - You could smell our parrot. - You said you didn't have any pets in this class.
Sidney : A parrot is a bird.
UNK: Listen, Jackson's not the father...
Foreman : Parrots are the primary source of psittacosis.
House : It's not the parrot.
UNK: And psittacosis can lead to nerve problems and neurological complications.
UNK: How many kids were in the class? Twenty.
House : How many are home sick? None, but...
UNK: None. But you figured that five-year-olds are more serious about bird hygiene than their teacher?
UNK: Have you been through her home? She lives in Trenton.
Foreman : I can go up to her room tomorrow morning, ask her for the key.
House : Would the police call for permission before dropping by to check out a crime scene?
UNK: It's not a crime scene. As far as I know, she's running a meth lab out of her basement.
UNK: She's a kindergarten teacher. And if I were a kindergarten student I would trust her implicitly.
UNK: Okay. I'll give you a "for instance".
House : The lady back there...
UNK: who made your egg salad sandwich...
House : Her eyes look glassy. Did you notice that?
House : Now, hospital policy is to stay home if you're sick.
House : But if you're making $8.00 an hour, then you kind of need the $8.00 an hour, right?
UNK: And the sign in the bathroom says that employees must wash after using the facilities,
House : but I figure that somebody who wipes snot on a sleeve isn't hyperconcerned about sanitary conditions.
UNK: So what do you think... Should I trust her?
House : I want you to check the patient's home for contaminants, garbage, medication.
UNK: I can't just break into someone's house. Isn't that how you got into the Felkers' home?
House : Yeah, I know.
House : Court records are sealed. You were 16. It was a stupid mistake.
House : But your old gym teacher has a big mouth. Should write a thank-you note.
Foreman : - I should thank him? - Well...
House : I needed somebody around here with street smarts.
UNK: Okay? Who knows when they're being conned, knows how to con.
Foreman : I should sue you.
House : Pretty sure you can't sue somebody for wrongful hiring.
Foreman : But I'm pretty sure I can sue if you fire me for not breaking into some lady's house.
House : Doing research. People are fascinating, aren't they?
Cuddy : Why are you giving Adler steroids?
UNK: Because she's my patient. That's what you do with patients... you give them medicine.
Cuddy : You don't prescribe medicine based on guesses.
Cuddy : At least we don't since Tuskegee and Mengele.
House : You're comparing me to a Nazi? Nice.
Cuddy : I'm stopping the treatment.
House : She's my patient. It's my hospital.
House : I did not get her sick.
House : She is not an experiment. I have a legitimate theory about what's wrong with her.
Cuddy : With no proof.
House : There's never any proof.
UNK: Five different doctors come up with five different diagnoses based on the same evidence.