UNK: Little Boy : It's cold.
UNK: He's been using his inhaler?
Mother : Not in the past few days. He's, um, only 10.
Mother : I worry about children taking such strong medicine so frequently.
UNK: Little Boy : What happened to your leg?
House : Your doctor probably was concerned about the strength of the medicine too.
House : She probably weighed that danger against the danger of not breathing.
House : Oxygen is so important during those prepubescent years. Don't you think?
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna assume nobody has ever told you what asthma is.
House : Or if they have, you had other things on your mind.
House : A stimulant triggers cells in your child's airways...
House : to release substances that inflame the air passages and cause them to contract.
House : Mucus production increases, the cell lining starts to shed.
House : But the steroids...
UNK: The steroids stop the inflammation.
House : The more often this happens...
UNK: What? The more often this happens, what?
House : Forget it. If you don't trust steroids, you shouldn't trust doctors.
Rebecca : My mother passed away four years ago.
Rebecca : She had a heart attack, and my father broke his back doing construction...
Cameron : It's House. It's urgent. I'm sorry.
Cameron : You couldn't have knocked?
House : Steroids. Give her steroids. High doses of prednisone.
Foreman : You're looking for support for a diagnosis of cerebral vasculitis?
UNK: Inflammation of blood vessels in the brain is awfully rare, especially for someone her age.
UNK: - So is a tumor. Her sed rate is elevated. - Mildly.
Cameron : That could mean anything. Or nothing.
House : Yeah, I know. I have no reason to think that it's vasculitis.
House : Except that it could be.
UNK: If the blood vessels are inflamed, that's gonna look exactly like what we saw on the M.R.I. from Trenton County,
UNK: and the pressure is gonna cause neurological symptoms.
UNK: - We can't diagnose that without a biopsy. - Yes, we can.
UNK: We treat her. If she gets better, we know we're right.
Cameron : - And if we're wrong? - Then we learn something else.
Rebecca : Why steroids?
Chase : Just part of your treatment.
Chase : You haven't had many visitors.
Chase : No boyfriend? Three dates.
Rebecca : I wouldn't have stood by him if he were vomiting all day.
UNK: What about work? You must have friends from work.
Rebecca : Pretty much everybody I like is five years old.
UNK: The nurse said you're stopping my radiation.
Chase : We're just trying some alternative medication.
UNK: So where's your family from then? Steroids aren't an alternative to radiation.
Chase : The tests weren't really conclusive.
UNK: We're treating you for vasculitis.
Cameron : It's the inflammation of blood vessels in the brain.
UNK: I-It's not a tumor?
Rebecca : I don't have a tumor?
Chase : You should have told her the truth... It's a long shot guess.
Cameron : Thank you. If House is right, no harm.
UNK: If he's wrong, I've given a dying woman a couple days' hope.
UNK: False hope. If there was any other type available, I would have given her that.
Sidney : Why are you smelling Billy's pants?
Cuddy : I'm not. Looked like you were.
Foreman : - I was smelling the floor. - Oh.