Cameron : So what now?
Foreman : Given the latest symptoms, it's clearly growing deeper into the brain stem.
Foreman : Soon, she won't be able to walk.
Foreman : She'll go blind permanently, and then the respiratory center will fail.
House : How long do we have?
Foreman : If it's a tumor, we're talking a month or two. If it's infectious, a few weeks.
Foreman : If it's vascular, that'll probably be fastest of all. Maybe a week.
House : We're gonna stop all treatment.
Foreman : I still think it's a tumor. I think we should go back to the radiation.
Chase : She didn't respond to the radiation.
UNK: Well, maybe we didn't see the effect until after we started steroids. No, it's not a tumor.
UNK: Those steroids did something. I just don't know what.
Foreman : So we're just gonna do nothing? We're just gonna watch her die?
House : Yeah, we're gonna watch her die. Specifically, we're gonna watch how fast she's dying.
House : You just told us... Each diagnosis has its own time frame.
House : When we see how fast it's killing her, we'll know what it is.
Cameron : And by then, maybe there's nothing we can do about it.
UNK: There's got to be something we can do.
Foreman : Something better than watching her die.
House : Well, I got nothing.
UNK: How about you?
UNK: Bastard.
Foreman : Oh, Cameron. I need you for a couple of hours. What's up?
UNK: When you break into someone's house, it's better to have a white chick with you. Adler's house?
UNK: Why don't we just ask her for her keys? For all we know, she'll be running a meth lab out of her basement.
Guy : I'm tired a lot.
UNK: Any other reason why you think you might have chronic fatigue syndrome?
UNK: It's kind of the definition, isn't it?
UNK: It's kind of the definition of getting older.
UNK: I had a couple headaches last month, a mild fever. Sometimes I can't sleep, and I have trouble concentrating.
House : Apparently not while researching this stuff on the Internet.
Guy : I was thinking it also might be fibromyalgia.
House : Excellent diagnosis.
Guy : Is there anything for that?
UNK: You know, I think there just might be.
House : I need 36 Vicodin and change for a dollar.
UNK: Exam room two.
Cameron : House doesn't believe in pretense.
Cameron : Figures life's too short and too painful. So he just says what he thinks.
Foreman : Nothing interesting in the garbage.
Foreman : "I say what I think" is just another way of saying "I'm an assho"...
Cameron : Well, if you wanted to be judged for your medical prowess only,
Cameron : maybe you shouldn't have broken into someone's home.
Foreman : I was 16.
Foreman : Don't know about ticks, but her dog's definitely got fleas.
Cameron : I managed to make it to 17 without a criminal record.
UNK: Yeah?
Foreman : Well, you obviously didn't grow up in my neighborhood.
Cameron : That's right. You stole a loaf of bread to feed your starving family. Right?
Cameron : You always eat during break-ins?
Foreman : Am I supposed to respect their food more than I respect their DVD players?
Foreman : You want some? No.
Foreman : You gonna go hungry until she dies?
UNK: No. You know what?
UNK: After centuries of slavery, decades of civil rights marches...
Foreman : and, more significantly, living like a monk, never getting less than a 4.0 G.P.A.,
Foreman : you don't think it's kind of disgusting I get one of the top jobs in the country because I'm a delinquent?
Foreman : We'll eat, then we'll tear up the carpet.
Cameron : You went to Hopkins, right?
UNK: Yep.
Cameron : So you went to a better school than I did. You got better grades than I did.
UNK: So how did you get the job?
Foreman : You stab a guy in a bar fight?
UNK: Nothing.
Rebecca : It's not a tumor. She's getting worse too fast.
House : - She can't stand up. - No toxins? No medications?
Foreman : Nothing that would explain these symptoms.
Wilson : Family history of neurological problems?