Chase : Good call.
Chase : We'll get that tube out of your throat later today.
UNK: Just get some rest for now, okay?
House : Told you. You can't trust people.
Cameron : She probably knew she was allergic to gadolinium.
Cameron : Figured it was an easy way to get someone to cut a hole in her throat.
House : Can't get a picture. Gonna have to get a thousand words.
Foreman : You actually want me to talk to the patient, get a history?
House : We need to know if there's some genetic or environmental cause that's triggering an inflammatory response.
Foreman : I thought everybody lied.
House : Truth begins in lies.
House : Think about it.
Foreman : That doesn't mean anything, does it?
UNK: 12 : 52 p.m. Dr. House checks in. Please write that down.
UNK: Do you have cable TV here somewhere?
UNK: General Hospital starts in eight minutes.
Cuddy : No TV, but we've got patients.
House : Can't you give out the aspirin yourself? I'll do paperwork.
Cuddy : I made sure your first case was an interesting one. Cough just won't go away?
UNK: Runny nose looks a funny color? Patient admitted complaining of back spasms.
UNK: Oh? I think I read about something like that in the New England Journal of Medicine. Patient is orange.
House : The color? No, the fruit.
UNK: You mean yellow. It's jaundice. I mean orange.
UNK: Well, how orange? It's probably... Exam room one.
UNK: Dr. Kahn, you're needed in pediatrics.
UNK: I was playing golf and my cleats got stuck. It hurt a little, but I kept playing.
UNK: Orange Guy : The next morning, I could barely stand up.
UNK: Orange Guy : Well, you're smiling, so I take it that means this isn't serious.
UNK: Orange Guy : What's that? What are you doing?
UNK: Painkillers.
UNK: Orange Guy : Oh, for you. For your leg. No, 'cause they're yummy.
House : You want one? Make your back feel better.
UNK: Unfortunately, you have a deeper problem.
House : Your wife is having an affair.
Rebecca : - What? - You're orange, you moron.
House : It's one thing for you not to notice,
House : but if your wife hasn't picked up on the fact that her husband has changed colors, she's just not paying attention.
House : By the way, do you consume just a ridiculous amount of carrots and megadose vitamins?
House : Carrots turn you yellow, the niacin turns you red. Find some finger paint and do the math.
House : And get a good lawyer.
House : Deep breath.