UNK: ...-dorf.
UNK: It's Gandalf, and he's not coming.
UNK: You've been sitting here all day?
Ross : I balanced my checkbook.
UNK: And I gave first names to all the foosball players.
UNK: I can't believe he didn't come.
UNK: So what? We can still go out and party ourselves.
UNK: With Gandalf, we'd be out all night.
UNK: We'd meet total strangers and hang out with them.
Joey : We could do that.
UNK: There was other stuff too.
UNK: We'll do it all and better!
UNK: After tonight, Gandalf will want to party with us, dude!
UNK: It's not like we don't know how to party!
UNK: All right! Let's go.
Chandler : Maybe we could end up on a boat again?
Monica : All right!
Ross : When were we on a boat?
UNK: Remember that cold morning with those dogs licking your face?
Chandler : Those were seals, man.
UNK: How would this suit look on an assistant buyer
UNK: The owner of Allesandro's came to yell at me.
UNK: But I made him sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!
Rachel : You just ruined the thing I was practicing, but I'm so happy!
Monica : Can you believe it? I get to run my own kitchen!
UNK: Oh, you've waited so long.
UNK: Pheebs! Quick question for you.
UNK: How would this suit look...
Rachel : ...on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale's?
Phoebe : It would totally depend on her coloring and...
Phoebe : You got the job!
Phoebe : You got the job? Why didn't you tell me?
UNK: It'll be so great! I'll help decide what we sell.
UNK: I'll have an office with walls and everything.
UNK: I'm going to have walls!
Phoebe : Is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job.
Phoebe : The wedding reception.
UNK: I kind of need to talk to you about that.
UNK: I think it's time for me to take a step back from the catering.
UNK: But we've only had one job.
Monica : But now we have this second one, and it feels like it's snowballing.
Phoebe : What are you saying?
Monica : I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro's.
UNK: It's okay, because you don't really need me.
UNK: You're the cook!
UNK: Without you, it's just me driving up to people's houses...
Phoebe : ...with empty trays, asking for money.
UNK: All right. But I'll pay you back all the money you invested.
Monica : -And you can keep the van! -For what?
UNK: I can't believe this!
UNK: I got to get out of here.
Monica : Phoebe, wait a minute.
UNK: I'm an assistant buyer!
UNK: We'll get coffee, get energized, then head back out.
Phoebe : -Yeah, all right. -Okay.
UNK: So we're having fun, right?
UNK: We don't need that wizard guy.
UNK: We hit some clubs, talk to some strangers...