Ryan : What is this? What are you guys doing?
Castle : Ah, well, Ryan was working all night and he texted me.
Beckett : You texted Castle and not me?
Ryan : Well, when you have a crazy theory,
Ryan : you don't call the voice of reason.
UNK: What... What theory?
Castle : Eric Chambers is not our shooter. We got the wrong guy.
Gates : You're telling me Eric Chambers is not our shooter?
Gates : Based on what?
Ryan : Physics, sir.
Beckett : Congressman Lopez said
Beckett : that when he talked to Carolyn Decker,
Beckett : he saw Chambers by the far wall.
Ryan : Which is where CSU found his prints.
Castle : Seconds later, our assassin opens fire.
Castle : Three shots.
Ryan : The first one strikes Lopez beneath the left clavicle.
Beckett : The second one grazes Carolyn Decker's shoulder
Beckett : and then the third one strikes her in the upper back.
Ryan : That shot severs her pulmonary artery. She never has a chance.
Gates : How does any of this lead you to think
Gates : that Chambers is not the assassin?
Castle : Chambers' vantage point.
UNK: He had a side-angle view of Lopez and Carolyn Decker.
Ryan : So, how did Chambers manage to shoot Carolyn in the back?
Ryan : The answer is that he couldn't have.
UNK: Not unless that bullet magically
Ryan : took a hard right turn in mid-air.
Esposito : Which means
Castle : the shots were fired from the grassy knoll.
Castle : Metaphorically speaking.
UNK: Jim Boyce : Detective Beckett,
Gates : do you actually find any of this plausible?
Beckett : Yes, sir. Plausible enough that I'm getting Ballistics
Beckett : to re-evaluate the crime scene.
Gates : Chambers had motive.
Gates : He stole a press pass, he fled the shooting.
Gates : How do you explain all that?
Ryan : I think Chambers was set up to be the fall guy.
Castle : Probably by Carl Shelton.
Gates : Then why isn't he vigorously protesting his innocence?
Castle : Chambers distrusts authority.
Beckett : And he believes that we're part of a plot against him.
Gates : Nonetheless, Eric Chambers remains our prime suspect
Gates : unless proof comes in that he isn't.
Ryan : In the meantime, sir, I'd like to take another run at him.
Chambers : You're wasting your time. I'm not talking.