Ryan : He's a rising member of the House, super charismatic.
Ryan : Though, let's face it, there's not
Ryan : a hell of a lot of competition in that.
UNK: Look, he's still a stand-up guy.
Frank : Every time he comes to the city
Frank : he hires me, so treat him right.
Frank : All right.
Frank : He's going places.
UNK: Alex Lopez : What's our ETA, Frank?
Frank : Just a few more minutes, sir.
Frank : Detective Kevin Ryan, Congressman Alex Lopez.
Lopez : Frank speaks very highly of you.
Ryan : As he does of you, sir.
UNK: Oh, please, call me Alex. Or Mr. Lopez, if you want.
Lopez : My wife, Mia.
Lopez : You've met my Chief of Staff, Megan Brooks.
Lopez : Kevin, what do you think your job is tonight?
Ryan : To protect you, sir.
Lopez : Mostly, it's my reputation you need to protect.
Lopez : These days, a single photo can cause major damage
Lopez : if some idiot approaches and tries to create a scene.
Ryan : We'll make sure that doesn't happen, sir.
UNK: Good, because come campaign season,
Lopez : I may need some men I can rely on.
UNK: Sir, about tonight's schedule,
UNK: Megan Brooks : it's the red carpet and then mingling over cocktails.
UNK: Uh, these are the people that you're gonna want to connect with.
UNK: Megan Brooks : Some of them you know.
UNK: Megan Brooks : All of them are major donors with their own Super PACs,
UNK: who are still looking for a candidate that they can believe in.
UNK: Megan Brooks : I've broken down all of their past
UNK: campaign contributions and net worth.
Lopez : I hope all these rich guys are ready
UNK: to fork over some of their money
Lopez : to Carolyn and her Pure Water project.
UNK: Oh, they are, darling.
UNK: Mia Lopez : But the real reason they're coming is to see you.
UNK: Okay, after meet-and-greet,
UNK: you're gonna take the stage and introduce Carolyn,
Megan : and here is your speech.
Frank : Excuse me, folks. We're pulling in now.
UNK: Congressman, how's your fundraiser?
UNK: Right over here!
UNK: Miss, are you gonna stand by your husband?
UNK: Smile. Thanks for coming.
Frank : Congressman Lopez?
UNK: Bree Colton : Any truth to the rumor that you're
UNK: launching a presidential campaign?
UNK: Now, Bree, tonight is all about
Lopez : my very good friend Carolyn Decker
Lopez : and her Pure Water project.
UNK: She's gonna be providing clean water
Lopez : for families all over the globe.
UNK: Well, work that is only possible
UNK: Carolyn Decker : because of the support and generosity of people like Alex Lopez.
UNK: Do you feel that the race is in order?
UNK: Race?
UNK: I really shouldn't be commenting on that.
Ryan : What is this? Blood?
UNK: What? Were you gonna spray him with it?
Man : The drone strikes that he supports kill innocent children.
Ryan : Detain him, get him out of here.
UNK: Okay, now. Great.
Carolyn : Nice work.
Carolyn : You might find yourself protecting
Carolyn : the first Latino President of the United States.
UNK: Jim Boyce : There he is.
Lopez : Congratulations, Jim.
Lopez : State Party Chairman? It's a great fit for you.
Boyce : Well, thank you for all your support, Alex.
Boyce : You know I'll have your back when
Boyce : you make a run for that White House.
Lopez : Little too soon for that kind of talk, but I appreciate the thought.
Boyce : Enjoy your evening.
UNK: Likewise. All right.
Lawyer : Mr. Shelton, it's a pleasure to see you.
UNK: Carl Sheldon : You're being very coy about your aspirations, Alex.
UNK: Carl Sheldon : But you obviously have some or you wouldn't be here.
UNK: Well, for now, I'm just happy to serve the people of my district.
Sheldon : Being coy isn't in my nature.
Sheldon : You and your ideas aren't what this country needs,
Sheldon : and I'll see to it that you never become president.
UNK: Sir.
Lopez : Nice talking to you.
Megan : Oh, Aryana Jones, this is Alex Lopez.
UNK: Hi.
Lopez : Aryana, my wife and I are huge fans.
Lopez : Can't wait to see the performance tonight.
UNK: Aryana Jones : You are too sweet, Alex. Please come say hi after the show.
Megan : Uh, sir, five minutes until you're on. You better get backstage.
UNK: Okay. Okay, bye.
Frank : Give me some room, fellas. I'd like a word with Carolyn.
UNK: Bree Colton : Man, Lopez is a rock star.
Frank : Yeah, you're telling me.
Frank : All right, I'll keep eyes on him on stage. You cover him back here?
Ryan : Yeah, copy that.
UNK: God knows. So...
UNK: Oh, God, I think I've been hit.
Ryan : Sir, stay right where you are. Help's on the way, okay?
UNK: Carolyn.
UNK: Carolyn, you're gonna be all right.
UNK: Kev!
Frank : Kev, what the hell happened?
Ryan : Call 911. We need a doctor in here right now.
UNK: God! Who did this? Did you see who did this?
Ryan : No. No, no, no, no.
UNK: Stop! Gray suit! Stay right where you are!
UNK: Go, go, go, go, go!
UNK: Watch out!
UNK: NYPD!
Ryan : Stop that man!
UNK: Police! Clear out of the way! Move! Move out of the way!
UNK: Freeze! Drop the weapon!
UNK: Drop the weapon! Put it down! Put it down!
Ryan : The shooter's getting away!
UNK: Swat Member : Put the gun down now or I'll shoot!
UNK: Put it down!
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Hey. - Hey, how's Lopez?
UNK: Lucky.
UNK: The round hit his collarbone, but missed his heart.
Ryan : How about Carolyn Decker?
Frank : Still in surgery.
Ryan : I took my eyes off them for one second...
UNK: No, no, no, no, Kev. We're gonna find this shooter.
UNK: NYPD sealed off 10 square blocks from this place.
Ryan : Did we get a description?
Frank : Only the one you gave us. Six feet, medium build, brown hair.
Ryan : Come on, no one saw his face?
Frank : Yeah, they did, but they were too busy panicking to remember.
Frank : Look, why don't we walk through what happened?
Ryan : No, Frank, I already did that.
Frank : And what's the harm in doing it again?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Shots rang out.
Ryan : Three of them.
UNK: I... I dove onto Lopez. Took Carolyn down, too.
UNK: I saw they were hit. That's when you came in.
UNK: All right. And then I spotted the shooter.
UNK: I only ever saw the back.
Frank : All right, think about his hands. Rings on his fingers, a watch.
UNK: No, no, no, nothing like that.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Wait. Uh...
Ryan : Blue card.
Ryan : Yeah, he had a pale blue ID card hanging from his neck.
Ryan : This guy had a press pass.
Frank : Kev, that's good.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I'm gonna brief NYPD.
UNK: Okay.