Esposito : Hey, bro, we're gonna get this guy.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Jim Boyce : There he is.
Ryan : He's on the move!
Esposito : Chambers, freeze!
UNK: Chambers!
UNK: Get the hell off me!
UNK: You can't do this!
Ryan : Give me a reason!
Esposito : Eric Chambers, you're under arrest.
Esposito : We got him, Ryan. We're good.
Beckett : Mr. Chambers, you are facing charges for murder
Beckett : and the attempted assassination of a congressman.
Beckett : Your best hope for leniency is to confess.
UNK: Eric Chambers : I'll never confess. I won't give you the satisfaction.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you consider this
Beckett : a chance to tell your side of the story?
Chambers : My side of the story is that I'm innocent. This is all a charade.
Castle : The evidence would suggest otherwise.
Beckett : We found this stolen press pass at your apartment,
Beckett : along with a floor plan of the ballroom.
Castle : Then there's the pesky issue of you fleeing after firing the shots.
Chambers : A true patriot, by definition, is an enemy of the state.
Chambers : Our government has a long and sorry
Chambers : history of persecuting people like me.
Beckett : So, you are the victim here?
Chambers : And you're the instrument they're using to try to destroy me.
Chambers : You're too blind to see that this is a script.
Chambers : You're just playing your part.
UNK: Um, okay, here's the part that fascinates me.
Castle : You hated Lopez, you wanted him dead. So you shot him.
Castle : Not fatally, it turns out.
Castle : But still, you struck a blow for "true patriots" everywhere.
Castle : Isn't this the proudest moment of your life, Eric?
Castle : I mean, why not own it?
Castle : Why not take credit for what you've accomplished?
Beckett : You want your day in court,
Beckett : so you can have a public forum.
Chambers : I'm done here.
Beckett : Chambers isn't talking.
Ryan : Well, that may not matter.
Ryan : I think we literally just found the smoking gun.
UNK: Get this. Unis found a .38 caliber pistol
UNK: in a storm drain about a block away
UNK: from the hotel. Recently fired.
Castle : Weren't there metal detectors at the venue?
UNK: Yeah. Which means that the gun might've been waiting for him,
Esposito : stashed at the hotel.
Ryan : Along with the press pass.
Castle : So, that suggests he wasn't acting alone.
Beckett : And Lopez might still be a target.
Esposito : I'll call down to the hospital and beef up security.
Beckett : If we can reconstruct Chambers' movements from the venue,
Beckett : we might be able to figure out how he got that gun.
Castle : And who he was working with.
Ryan : You know, when we were trying to ID Chambers,
Ryan : we rounded up hundreds of photos from that event.
Ryan : I think I know where to start.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Some were taken by photographers,
UNK: Tory Ellis : others by guests on their cell phones.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I used facial recognition to try and search for Chambers.
Ryan : Did you find him?
UNK: He appears in 14 pictures, mostly in the background.
Tory : Since each photo is time-stamped...
Tory : ...I was able to plot his movement at the venue.
Tory : Each dot represents where Chambers was photographed.
Ryan : Does anyone in the photos ever hand him something?
Ryan : Does he ever retrieve an object the size of a gun?
Tory : I'm afraid not.
UNK: But there is a five-minute gap when Chambers is unaccounted for.
Tory : This is the last photo before the missing time.
Ryan : That door leads to a storage area.
Tory : Then maybe that's where the gun was stashed.
Ryan : No. No, no. Security protocol would've