Ross : And the lotion and the powder have made a paste.
UNK: Really.
Joey : What color is it?
Ross : What difference does that make?
Joey : If the paste matches the pants, you can make paste pants...
Joey : ...and she won't know!
Rachel : Do you have a minute?
Ross : Dude, what am I
Joey : Rachel's here, so good luck. Let me know how it goes.
Rachel : Joey, I have such a problem.
UNK: Your timing couldn't be better.
UNK: I'm putting out fires all over the place.
Rachel : I have got to tell you something.
Joey : What is it?
UNK: It's so huge! But promise me. You cannot tell anyone.
UNK: No, no, no! I don't want to know.
Rachel : You do want to know. This is unbelievable!
UNK: I'm tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets...
UNK: ...and can't tell anyone.
Rachel : You know secrets?
UNK: You're not supposed to gossip!
UNK: I can't keep this in. So I pick up the phone
Joey : I'm not listening to you!
Elizabeth : You've been in there for a long time.
Elizabeth : I'm starting to get kind of freaked out.
Ross : All right, I'm coming out.
Ross : Hey, can you turn the lights off?
Elizabeth : Let's just leave the lights on.
Ross : Oh, my God!
Ross : I had a problem.
Phoebe : I can't talk to you. I don't have a fancy ad in the yellow pages.
UNK: I want to apologize for saying your method was stupid.
Joey : And maybe ask you to be my teacher again?
Joey : I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready.
Joey : You really think I'm ready?
Joey : Wow, cool!
UNK: -Was the chord at least right before -No.
Ross : Oh, my God!
Monica : We heard about your pants. I'm so sorry.
Ross : This year was supposed to be great.
Ross : It's only the second day and I'm a loser...
Ross : ...with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
All : You're not a loser.
Ross : Look at me!
Monica : Hey, look!
Monica : Ben drew a picture of you.
Monica : You're a cowboy.
Ross : Because of the leather pants?
Monica : He thinks you're a cowboy, not a loser. That's something.
UNK: -It really is something. -Howdy, partner.
Ross : Maybe I should get another pair.
UNK: You know, they had some...
Ross : ...with fringe all down the sides.