House : when the shoulder strap cut into your neck.
House : You don't have lupus. What you have is curable.
UNK: Fun Stop Attendant : Go away.
House : I read your book. Sucks, by the way.
Alice : Nice try, but impossible.
House : Helen Rutherford kills herself
House : because she feels useless and doesn't want to be a burden...
House : Just like you do now.
House : You have hypothyroidism.
UNK: It's why you feel so tired and worn-out.
House : With medication, you'll feel 20 years younger.
House : Or whatever age you were the last time you didn't want to kill yourself.
Christina : How did you... You can finish the story the right way.
House : The way Jack Cannon deserves.
Alice : You think you know what Jack deserves?
House : I know that he deserves better than what you gave him.
Alice : You don't know anything about him! Why can't you just leave me...
Alice : What did you do to me?
Alice : I can't move. I can't move anything.
House : How can I be right and wrong?
UNK: I deduced car accident because thyroid fit the symptoms.
House : But a damaged thyroid wouldn't explain the paralysis.
House : How can I be wrong about the thyroid, but right about the accident?
Taub : What if you're not?
House : I like the way you think, kid.
Taub : At least not completely.
UNK: A posttraumatic syringomyelia from a 15-year-old car crash.
UNK: Slowly growing over the years and pressing against her spinal column.
Taub : Causes pain, fluctuating blood pressure, seizures.
Foreman : And if untreated, eventually leads to paralysis and death.
Taub : We find it and remove it. She should be able to regain full function.
Chase : If we can get her medical records from back then,
Chase : we can use them to pinpoint the location.
Alice : Do it.
Taub : We're dead on our feet. I've barely slept in four days.
House : Aw, that's sad. You know what's even sadder?
House : Thirteen was the only man on my team.
Foreman : Yeah, it'd be nice if you'd hurry up
Foreman : and hire someone to fill her spot.
Alice : Do it. Cuddy wants it to be a girl.
Foreman : There are a couple of people...
UNK: I was talking to Chase, but I was just looking at you to screw with you.
UNK: I am meditating.
Foreman : From where we're standing, it looked like sleeping.
House : We can't find her old medical records.
House : You woke me up for that?
Foreman : We woke you up because it doesn't matter.
Foreman : Alice is refusing any more treatment.
Foreman : She doesn't want the surgery.
Taub : She kicked us out.
House : Why would she lie about the accident?
Taub : Everybody lies.
House : Everybody has a reason.
Cuddy : I know. Alice is refusing surgery.
House : She'll be dead in a few days without it.
Cuddy : Which is why I've spent the last four hours
Wilson : trying to find a legal way to do it
Cuddy : without her permission.
UNK: Unsuccessfully. I'm sorry.
House : As your boyfriend, I'm grateful for the effort.
House : As your employee, I'm disappointed at your ineffectiveness.
House : Why would she not tell us about the pins in her leg?
Cuddy : 'Cause she wants to die.
House : By having her leg ripped off?
House : She wants to punish herself
House : for something that happened before she was famous,
House : before she even started to write.
House : I think the answer's in her old medical records,
House : but Dopey, Sleazy and Uptightey can't find them.
UNK: Maybe "Alice Tanner" is just her pen name.
House : Your boyfriend is an idiot.
Cuddy : I'll contact the national records archive
Cuddy : and run the type of screws in her leg
Cuddy : against blood type, age and anything else I think of.
House : Her first name could be Helen.
Cuddy : Even better.
House : Don't bother to get up.
House : Now the way you write Jack always made him feel real to me.
House : Now I know why.