House : Morning, sunshine.
Alice : You're a real bastard.
House : You were supposed to choose life.
Alice : You're also an excellent liar.
House : Wasn't lying about the cure.
House : If we find and remove that pesky adrenaline-secreting tumor,
House : you'll get better.
UNK: You'd better hurry.
Alice : My lawyer will have me out of here this time tomorrow.
House : Yeah, about that.
House : It seems that last night, you found and self-administered
House : what you thought was a potentially lethal narcotic.
House : Your psych hold has been extended an additional 24 hours.
House : I know. Bummer, right?
Alice : You want to know something about my book?
UNK: Sure. Jack Cannon dies.
House : I know. Bummer, right?
Taub : We finished analyzing the PET scans from last night.
Taub : There's no sign of a tumor.
Foreman : We sampled blood from six different areas looking for any spikes in adrenaline.
Foreman : All of them were negative.
Taub : If she told us her symptoms, where it hurts, when the pain first started,
Taub : we could at least focus on a specific area.
Chase : Or use them to rule areas out.
Foreman : She'll only lie. We're better off not even talking to her.
Chase : You think you can get her to try to kill herself again?
Chase : We're gonna need more time.
House : There might be a way to get her symptoms without asking her.
House : If writers write what they know.
Foreman : I thought you said it was about a boy detective.
House : And his mentor, Aunt Helen,
House : who happens to be around the same age as Alice.
House : The answers could be in the book.
Taub : Great. You finish reading your typewriter ribbon yet?
House : Look for the tumor with ultrasound.
Sam : I drove across town to treat a ribbon?
House : That's why I prefer lying. It makes things easier.
Wilson : Whatever he has you doing, stop.
House : You told him?
Sam : We do live together. I generally tell him when I show up at his work.
Sam : He told me it was a matter of life and death.
UNK: It is. My patient wants to kill herself.
Wilson : He's just trying to read a book.
Sam : Alice Tanner is your patient?
UNK: You're a Fannon, too?
Sam : I'm Team Deacon.
House : Oh, come on. Why can't she love them both?
Sam : The typewriter keys should have left impressions on these ribbon fibers.
Sam : They would also remove a layer of ink.
Sam : It's just a question of tweaking the software, really.
Wilson : Does Cuddy know you're using the MRI for this?
House : Let's say yes.
Sam : So do you think Jack finally hooks up with Sarah in this one?
House : No. Debbie Wright is his true love.
Sam : She's dead.
UNK: Presumed! All we really know is...
Wilson : There are actual patients waiting to use this machine.
UNK: Congratulations.
Sam : It's a book.