UNK: Which of these says I want to sleep with you more?
House : Penguin or beaver? Beaver, beaver, beaver.
House : You're right. It's too high school.
Wilson : What did you do to piss Cuddy off?
House : I can't be romantic?
Wilson : House, you're stealing from a woman in a coma.
House : We're fine. I've never seen her happier.
UNK: Yeah? What about you?
House : I'm worried.
Wilson : Because she's happy?
House : No, because I am.
Wilson : House, that's... Ironic, weird, crazy?
Wilson : I was going to say normal.
House : For now. We're in the honeymoon period.
House : Our brains are flooded with endorphins.
UNK: And when she snaps out of it, where does that leave us?
Wilson : In an adult relationship.
House : Name one thing that Cuddy and I have in common besides work.
UNK: There's...
Wilson : You're both...
UNK: Wait... Exactly.
House : Long-term relationships are based on compatibility.
House : And right now we only have sex.
Wilson : House, you don't actually think she'd dump you because you, what,
Wilson : don't do yoga, listen to the B-52s?
House : Not right away.
House : We'll fight, makeup sex, fight, maybe sex, and then she'll dump me.
House : With possible goodbye sex.
Wilson : So instead of enjoying the honeymoon phase,
Wilson : you've decided to skip it entirely?
House : I need to find something that we both like doing, besides each other.
Wilson : Right. Or you could just talk to her about it.
House : No, then she'll start pretending to like things that she really doesn't
House : just to make me feel better, which will make her feel even worse,
House : which won't be my fault, so I'll resent her,
House : and that won't be her fault, so she'll resent me.
House : At least with my plan, I get my One A Day with iron till the bitter end.
House : Is there a reason why you're following me?
Wilson : Oh! Yeah.
Wilson : You're not gonna believe who just checked into the ER.
Nurse : The doctor hasn't examined you yet.
Alice : There's nothing wrong with me. My maid just overreacted.
UNK: Great!
House : This won't take long, then.
Nurse : EMTs found her unconscious. Her maid said she had a seizure.
Alice : I fainted.
House : Huge Jack Cannon fan, by the way. I love your books.
UNK: Really?
Alice : My fans tend to be overly annoying teenaged girls.
House : I know.
UNK: And all they care about is who's hotter, Jack or Deacon.
House : Like Sarah can't love both of them.
House : I may belong to one or two online fan clubs.
UNK: So how's the new book coming along?
Alice : I don't talk about my work.
UNK: Okay.
House : How about nodding your head to a few yeslno questions?
Alice : But I'll make you a deal.
Alice : You finish this exam quickly, and I'll answer one question.
House : About anything? Anything.
UNK: Who is Jack's real father? Who kidnapped his uncle?
UNK: Deal.
House : I will have to go with...
UNK: Why did you try to kill yourself?
UNK: The burn on the side of your face is caused by gunpowder.
UNK: So, did you change your mind at the last second or just a lousy shot?
Alice : I'm out of here.
Jack : You can't. We had a deal.
Alice : Try and stop me.
UNK: Okay.
House : This woman is on a 72-hour psychiatric hold.
House : If she tries to run, shoot her.
House : With a sedative, if that's more convenient.