Alice : Because I'm a good writer.
House : He's cool, but he's awkward. He's brilliant, but he makes mistakes.
House : He's funny, but sometimes he takes it too far.
House : Sounds like a great kid.
Alice : Please, just leave me alone.
House : You weren't alone in the car crash.
House : Your son was with you, Helen.
House : The books are your way of keeping him alive.
Alice : Why can't you just let me die in peace?
House : You haven't been at peace since it happened.
Alice : I killed him.
House : No, you didn't.
Alice : I let him drive.
Alice : He only had a learner's permit. It was raining.
Alice : I deserve this.
House : No, you don't.
Alice : He could always get me to do what he wanted.
Alice : He's always been my muse.
UNK: Yeah, all that may be true,
House : but I've been reviewing your muse's autopsy results.
House : It wasn't the crash that killed him.
UNK: Your son had a brain aneurysm. That's why he crashed.
House : He was dead before the impact.
House : There was nothing you could do to save him.
Alice : They would have told me.
House : They had no reason to dig any deeper, it was a car accident. I did.
House : It's easy to miss.
House : But you can see the blood build up here.
House : Your son would have died that day
House : on a bus, in school, sitting on his bed.
House : The only thing the crash is killing is you.
House : We need to repair that syrinx in your neck.
Alice : He was my world. Writing...
Alice : I could feel him with me.
Jack : It wasn't my fault, Mom.
Alice : And it wasn't mine.
Cuddy : Her son didn't have a brain aneurysm.
House : Nope. She shouldn't have let him drive in the rain.
House : Jack was never very coordinated.
Cuddy : As your boss, I am opposed to you lying to a patient.
Cuddy : As your girlfriend, I'm glad you care.
Alice : I don't.
House : I just wanted to save Jack Cannon.
Cuddy : I can see why you like him.
Cuddy : I started reading one of the books you gave me.
House : I find that very hard to believe.
Cuddy : Why? Because I can't like something you like?
Cuddy : We couldn't possibly have something in common?
House : Because I lied about giving you the books.
UNK: Oh. Oh...
House : Wilson told you. Yeah.
House : He's such a gossip.
Cuddy : I'm not gonna dump you because we like different food or books or music.
Cuddy : On the other hand, I might dump you if you don't talk to me
Cuddy : when you have a problem with our relationship.
House : I know you believe that now. But the fact is...
Cuddy : Who cares about common? Common is boring.
Cuddy : It's common. I like being with you.
Cuddy : You make me better.
Cuddy : Hopefully, I make you better.
Cuddy : What we have is uncommon,
Cuddy : and I've never been happier.
Alice : Mind giving us a moment alone, Christina?
Alice : I'd like to thank you.
House : I can't.
UNK: You're still in pain?
UNK: No.
Alice : You did everything you said and more.
Alice : I can finally move on.
Alice : Thank you.
House : Move on, where?
Alice : I want to write books for adults.
House : What about Jack? Your last book, you didn't answer anything.
Alice : The way I ended Jack's story is perfect.
Alice : Each reader can decide what fate they want for him themselves.
UNK: Yeah, but that's stupid. That doesn't make any sense.
Alice : How many answers do you get in real life?
House : This is a book. Books have beginnings, middles and ends.
House : You can't just leave it on a cliffhanger. Who does that?
Alice : I'm sorry. His story's done.
Alice : There's really nothing you can say to change my mind.
House : Your son
House : was very lucky to have you as his mother.
Cuddy : That was... Oh, shut up.