UNK: House his Voice Goes From Panicky To Upset Upon This Conversation. : You're killing me.
Broda : The suit will protect you if you haven't already been exposed.
House : My air supply's almost out.
Cuddy : Just move him.
Broda : I wish I could.
Broda : We have to assume.
Cuddy : There's another isolation room on the fifth floor.
Broda : The problem is getting him from here to there.
House : So it's inconvenient?
House : My having a fighting chance at life is inconvenient?
UNK: Taub he Sounds Afraid : I'm sorry.
Chase : We don't know that he'll catch it.
Chase : We don't know that it's definitely smallpox,
Masters : not until we get the DNA results back from the CDC.
Julie : What do you think the dad just died of?
Masters : Would it kill us to talk it through?
Foreman : Kill us, no. Save House, also no.
Taub : Even if by some miracle it's not smallpox,
Taub : there's nothing more for us to go on.
Taub : There's no new data and there isn't going to be any...
Taub : Where are you going?
Masters : To get more data.
Masters : Who's Gerritt? Is he a slave?
Chase : The captain's cat is preoccupied?
Taub : Skip the cat.
Taub : Skip the food.
Masters : Can we go back to the cat? Did the cat get sick?
Taub : Smallpox is exclusive to humans.
Masters : Ship captains didn't have pets.
Masters : Nothing and nobody went on those ships if it didn't have a purpose.
Taub : Hunting mice and rats?
Masters : For the crew.
Masters : The hold was probably infested with mice.
Masters : What if that's the difference?
Masters : What happened to Gerritt?
UNK: Ah.
Chase : Is that a sad "ah" or a cute "ah"?
Geerte : Gerritt, he died. It's a sad "ah."
Masters : Before he died, did he lose his fur?
Geerte : How did you know?
Masters : Mice don't carry smallpox,
Masters : but they do carry rickettsialpox.
Foreman : Which is treatable.
Masters : Just start them on doxycycline.
Broda : Based on a bald cat? You never heard of shedding?
Foreman : What's the downside?
Broda : If we shove her full of antibiotics plus the antivirals,
UNK: it'll suppress her bone marrow.
Chase : That girl's about to die.
Broda : She probably is.
Broda : And I don't want to risk pushing her over the edge.
Masters : At least look at the dad's body.
Masters : Small patches of black dead tissue will prove I'm right.
Masters : Eschars appear with rickettsialpox but not with smallpox.
Broda : If he had developed eschars, I would've noticed.
Taub : You haven't been within 20 feet of the guy in hours.
UNK: Chase gestures To Two Men Carrying Cans And Entering The Room : Have them check.
Broda : Their job is to bleach the body, kill the virus,
Broda : and get it out of there for Dr. House's sake.
Masters : Bleaching the body will destroy all evidence of rickettsialpox.
Broda : There is no evidence.
Broda : I'm not trying to hurt anyone here.
Broda : I'm not lying to you. This is smallpox.
UNK: Masters turning To The Room : House, you have to examine the body.
House : I'm not going anywhere near it.
UNK: House suddenly Interested : You think it's R-pox?