UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : Someone in a research lab on the floor below screwed up.
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : Some smallpox virus managed to float up
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : through the vents into the room where she was working.
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : She died four days later, the last known person to die from smallpox.
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : And the person in charge of the lab was so destroyed,
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : he killed himself.
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : Now that he's shedding, I can't open that door for anyone.
House : Hey! Look.
House : There's the proof you need.
House : There's blood in the urine bag.
Broda : His kidneys are shutting down.
Broda : He's in the final stages of the disease.
House : If smallpox was causing the kidney failure,
House : the blood would be brown. It's red.
House : Because the kidney cancer is back and this is not smallpox.
Broda : I'm not opening that door.
House : Well, that makes one of us.
UNK: Hey!
Broda : Hey! You're insane!
House : But I'm right.
Cuddy : This is what happens when you have no respect for authority,
Cuddy : no respect for anything.
House : You don't think it's a little much to use the threat of death
House : to win a totally separate argument with your boyfriend?
Cuddy : You think this is about the other thing?
UNK: It does seem to track suspiciously closely.
UNK: Cuddy leaning On The Airlock, Concerned : I don't care right now that you lied to me. I want you to stay alive.
House : And if I do, does that mean I win both arguments?
Cuddy : Put the suit on.
UNK: House whining : It's unnecessary, Mom.
UNK: House whining : This is why I didn't want them telling you.
UNK: House whining : It's why I'm glad they didn't tell Wilson.
Lulu : Dr. House.
Niles : I'm getting worse, aren't I?
UNK: Interferon takes a little time to work.
UNK: Cuddy she Snatches The File Out Of His Hand : Don't worry.
UNK: Tell Broda that I'm increasing his oxygen. And get my team down here.
UNK: Hi.
Sam : You're mad at us, aren't you?
UNK: Yeah.
Sam : Well, you have a right to be. We weren't honest.
Sam : You might not know this yet,
Sam : but sometimes adults mess up.
Sam : Can I tell you something and you'll keep it just between us?
Sam : I'm not great with kids.
Sam : I love them, but I get scared
Sam : that I'm gonna do the wrong thing, and then,
Sam : I usually do.
Sam : That's what I did with the lying.
Sam : And I'm very sorry about that.
UNK: But the reason why I did the wrong thing
Sam : was because I was trying to get you to do the right thing.
Sam : Your mommy and your Lamby both really need you to get better.
Sam : So, do you think that you could be really brave
Sam : and do the right thing?
Doctor : I'll try.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Great.