UNK: What, are you gonna charge me with assault again?
UNK: No.
John : I felt it.
House : He now has feeling all the way up to the calf.
House : This is the way medicine evolved.
House : Patients sometimes get better.
House : You have no idea why, but unless you give a reason, they won't pay you.
House : Anybody notice if there's a full moon?
Cameron : You're saying he just spontaneously got better?
House : No. I'm saying, let's rule out the lunar god and go from there.
Chase : Something he's on is working.
Hamilton : The enzyme replacement protocol is working, reversing the A.L.S.
Foreman : The timing doesn't seem suspicious to you?
Hamilton : Do you think Dr. House'll see it that way, figure it's his medication doin' the job?
Foreman : I'm sure he will.
UNK: It's one of ours. How do we figure out which drug is doing the trick?
UNK: Easy. We just stop all of them.
Cameron : - One of those drugs is helping him. - And the rest...
House : Steroids, antibiotics, anti-inflammatories... They're toxic, if we leave him on all of them.
Cameron : - He'll walk again. - Yeah. To his own funeral.
Chase : But if we stop everything, he'll get worse. True.
House : We'll add our medications back one at a time. When he gets better, we'll have our answer.
Cameron : - And if he doesn't get better? - Then we're in trouble.
House : Not as much as he is.
UNK: But I suppose that was your point.
Foreman : I assume you want me to convince Hamilton to stop his treatments too. Don't care.
Foreman : At least five of the medications are a part of his protocol.
House : If his stuff was helping, the guy would be playing tennis months ago.
House : It's our round of treatment that's helping.
UNK: Right. So that's what you'll stop.
UNK: It shouldn't be more than 15 or 20 minutes.
UNK: So your philosophy is, if they don't want treatment, they get it shoved down their throat,
Wilson : but if it might cure their paralysis, whoa, we better slow down. - Yeah.
UNK: Yes, Doctor, I love it. My old philosophy used to be live and let live.
House : But I'm taking this needlepoint class, and they gave us these really big pillows.
Wilson : What's your philosophy on employee relations? - That's a very tiny pillow.
UNK: Great. It sounds like you know what you're doing.
UNK: Greg.
Hamilton : - Can I have a word? - Can it wait for the commercial, Marty?
UNK: Say hi to my friend Jimmy.
UNK: Pleasure.
Hamilton : Your diagnostic trial...
House : Seriously, commercial's in about five minutes.
UNK: - That's a dangerous game. - Only if we're watching in the bathtub.
Hamilton : I need to know exactly what medications you were giving John Henry.
House : Forget it. And if Foreman tells you what John Henry used to be on...
Hamilton : - You're gonna fire him? - Nope.
UNK: I'll make him live out every day of his two-year contract.
Wilson : - Foreman asked to leave? - Not yet.
Hamilton : - But how do you know I made him... - You're a polite twit, but you're not an idiot.
Hamilton : I need to know what medications you've taken him off of.
House : Wait a second. You're not an idiot.
House : You need to know what medications I've stopped...
UNK: because...
House : He's getting worse.
House : Right now you still work for me. Come on.
House : No feeling. No wiggling.
House : Bad news is John Henry's back where he started. Good news is Hamilton looks bad.
Foreman : Yeah, it's not whether you win or lose. It's whether the other guy loses.
House : What was the first thing we put him on? Steroids, for the pneumonia.
House : Well, put him back on them. Give him 24 hours. See what happens.
UNK: His lungs aren't great. They might cause another respiratory collapse.
House : Sure hope not. I didn't much like that lawyer.
House : And get an M.R.I. He already got one, and an M.R.A.
House : Well, obviously something is different now. Do it again.
House : Chase, take care of the scan. Cameron, put him on the steroids.
House : We should probably talk, huh?
Chase : Thin cuts. What levels?