Hamilton : Appreciate any list of, uh, medications... Anything like that.
House : I've started him on Cytoxan.
Hamilton : For Wegener's, right?
Hamilton : Look, Greg.
Hamilton : I checked you out, you know?
UNK: I know you're a good doctor, and you have to appreciate that I'm a good doctor too.
UNK: Why? Wegener's is one of the first things I looked for.
Hamilton : The biopsy and the blood test were negative, just like yours.
House : There's an error rate, Marty.
Hamilton : And there's a time to let go.
Hamilton : Look, I'm gonna take him off the ventilator, and John Henry's going to die. He's accepted that.
Cuddy : Dr. Hamilton. Hey.
UNK: How you doin'? Hey, how you doin'?
UNK: I'm sorry. I should have never put your patient on I.V.I.G. - It's not your fault, Eric.
House : - No, it's mine, Eric. - That's not what I said.
UNK: - Everybody asks about you out in L.A. - How's the old place doin'?
House : Oh, this is wonderful.
House : But before you guys break out the oil, I should point out that you can't pull the plug. I have a court order.
Hamilton : You used to, but...
House : I have the right to face my accuser. Judge said so.
Hamilton : Not if no one's accusing you. All the charges have been dropped.
House : He doesn't have to die.
Foreman : It's not Wegener's.
House : If it's Wegener's, his lungs won't be able to handle it.
House : Soon as they pull that plug, he'll die.
Wilson : That's why they call it "pulling the plug".
Cora : I'm gonna miss you.
Foreman : - He's still breathing. - His O2 sats are holding.
Foreman : - He's holding his own. - He's still breathing.
Foreman : It's not Wegener's.
House : Wrong again.
Wilson : He's stable, but one of his arms is now paralyzed.
House : The real question is, why is he still alive?
John : Do you think he's just being stubborn?
Foreman : He's alive because you were wrong. It's not Wegener's.
House : Yeah. Seem to be doing that a lot lately. People keep living because of my mistakes.
Cameron : Progression of the paralysis pretty much confirmed Hamilton was right. It's A.L.S.
House : Assuming this is a progression of his paralysis. - He can't move his arm.
House : Yes, his arm is paralyzed. Yes, his legs are paralyzed.
UNK: Why is everyone so gung ho to connect those two conditions?
UNK: You can think I'm wrong, but that's no reason to stop thinking.