Foreman : - How about this one? He's not our patient. - Nope. Not good enough.
UNK: He could've suffered a stroke when he was intubated.
Cameron : Well, blood clots are common in paralyzed patients.
Cameron : The inactivity causes... Not interested in why.
UNK: Let's get an M.R. angiogram, check for an embolic stroke. - He doesn't want you treating him.
UNK: They dropped the court order. - Yeah, and that girl dropped the charges against Kobe.
UNK: Doesn't mean he should call her and see if she's free to get a sundae. - Good point.
House : But I can go within 50 feet of him now.
UNK: You need me, you have 'em page me. Anytime.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: - Get out of here. - Sure. That makes sense.
House : You hate me for saving your life.
UNK: Well, in fairness to your side, you were also dying because of me, so...
UNK: - You knew I didn't want to be saved. - That's what's interesting.
House : Your thyroid was low, but not enough to cause depression.
John : So you came here to tell me that even if I can't walk, I can still hear the birds sing,
UNK: enjoy a rainbow, the feeling of sunshine on my face?
House : Those things are fun.
House : Okay. Life sucks.
House : Your life sucks more than most.
House : It's not as bad as some, which is depressing all by itself.
House : But do me a favor.
House : Just let me find out what's wrong with you.
UNK: Then if you still want to kill yourself,
House : I'll give you a hand.
House : - That sound fair? - Yeah. Sure.
John : I'll stick around to indulge your obsession.
John : It's over. I lost my air.
John : The session the other night with those kids...
John : That was a test to see if I could still play. I can't.
House : And that's all you are, a musician?
John : I got one thing, same as you.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Well, apparently you know me better than I know you.
John : I know that limp.
John : I know the empty ring finger.
John : And that obsessive nature of yours... That's a big secret.
UNK: You don't risk jail and your career to save somebody who doesn't want to be saved...
John : unless you got something... Anything... one thing.
John : The reason normal people got wives and kids and hobbies... whatever...
UNK: That's because they ain't got that one thing that...
UNK: That hits 'em that hard and that true.
John : I got music. You got this...
John : The thing you think about all the time, thing that keeps you south of normal.
John : Yeah. Makes us great. Makes us the best.
John : All we miss out on is everything else.
John : No woman waiting at home after work with the drink and the kiss.
John : That ain't gonna happen for us.
House : That's why God made microwaves.
UNK: Yeah.
John : But when it's over,
John : it's over.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: What're you doin'?
House : It's not over for me.
House : Either you're gonna call the cops again, or we're doing this.
UNK: You want to die, you can do it just as easily inside an M.R.I. machine.
UNK: So when I go back to L.A., I'm doing the Dana lectures again this year.
UNK: Wow. Thank you.
UNK: Thanks. That's quite an honor. It's all political.
UNK: Don't be modest. You've earned it.
Hamilton : I got lucky on a couple studies I was doing.
Hamilton : It all sells tickets. You remember last year's lectures, don't you?
UNK: I remember the cigar bar afterwards. - The only reason to attend the thing... cigars and pool.
UNK: You enjoy working with Dr. House?
Foreman : Not the word I'd use.
Hamilton : We work too hard not to enjoy ourselves, right?
UNK: - Mmm. You seeing anybody? - Kinda, sorta.
House : - Serious? - I don't know. It could be.
UNK: You think she'd, uh, enjoy L.A.?
Foreman : Hamilton offered me a job.
Cameron : You gonna take it? I haven't decided.
Cameron : You already have the most prestigious fellowship. It's a partnership...
Foreman : Three times the money, car allowance, moving expense, pension plan,