Ryan : looking for his big break.
Ryan : Dreams of making it in the Apple.
Ryan : What does he get for his trouble?
Ryan : The city chews him up and spits him out.
Ryan : Doesn't seem right, man.
Esposito : Damn right, it doesn't seem right.
Ryan : You know, all I think he wanted was a little respect.
Esposito : It's all about respect, bro.
Ryan : Just trying to make ends meet
UNK: and he ends up face down in a stairwell,
Ryan : wearing a G-string.
UNK: All right, here you go.
UNK: Billy Grimm : What the hell are you doing?
Esposito : Up to his ears in A-Rods?
UNK: I got an A-Rod for that son of a bitch.
Esposito : Three years varsity ball,
Esposito : two years Special Forces triathlon
Esposito : and NYPD police calendar 2007. What?
Ryan : It was a group photo.
Esposito : I got letters.
Ryan : Yeah, three. Two of them from your mom.
Esposito : One of them was from my mom.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Hey, honey, you found me.
Castle : I was just telling Denise, here, about you.
Castle : This is my girlfriend, whose idea it was to come here tonight.
Castle : She's very adventurous, you have no idea. There's...
Castle : Thank God you found me.
UNK: Kathleen Park : Oh, my God, these women are like piranha.
Beckett : So, listen, I just talked to one of the bartenders
Beckett : who confirms the booking agent's story
Beckett : that Derek was having troubles with one of the other dancers.
Beckett : Apparently, some guy named Hans
Beckett : was upset that Derek was getting the headliner shift.
Beckett : That gives us evidence and motive.
Castle : Let's go backstage and grab us some Hans.
Beckett : No need to, honey.
Beckett : He's in the next act.
Castle : Oh, God.
UNK: Haven't these guys read the memo
Castle : about the correlation between sun-tanning and skin cancer?
UNK: Can't you just relax, Castle?
UNK: I'm trying to figure out which one is Hans.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : NYPD. Please come off the stage.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : No, no.
Beckett : Not you, just Hans.
Beckett : Guys, knock it off, okay?
UNK: I'm a cop, a real cop.
Beckett : Look, it's not funny.
Beckett : Now cool it.
Castle : Too much?
UNK: Derek
UNK: was a little bitch.