Castle : Did he mention where he was going after that?
UNK: Kathleen Park : We were all wasted by the time he showed up.
UNK: Kathleen Park : He could have told me his life story and I wouldn't remember.
Castle : Bachelorette party, male stripper, loads of alcohol...
Castle : One of you had to be taking pictures.
Ryan : Well, here is the last one.
UNK: Kathleen Park : I figured Jamie could refer back to these
UNK: Kathleen Park : when she's old and bored of her marriage.
UNK: Oh! Tequila shots.
UNK: They're treating him like a piece of meat.
Castle : It's okay.
UNK: Kathleen Park : It's what he's paid for.
UNK: Kathleen Park : He had fun, too.
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait, stop on that one.
Castle : It's a good thing you took 30 pictures of that one pose.
Beckett : Can you enhance the background? Over there, behind the group.
Beckett : Who is that woman?
UNK: Kathleen Park : Oh, that's Camille. She's a friend of Jamie's from high school.
Castle : It looks as though she and Derek know each other.
UNK: Kathleen Park : She never mentioned anything.
Beckett : Can you enhance her face?
Beckett : She wasn't at the apartment this morning. Where is she?
UNK: Kathleen Park : She left
UNK: Kathleen Park : right after Officer McNaughty.
Esposito : Turns out Camille Roberts has a record.
Esposito : Five years ago an ex-boyfriend filed a restraining order against her
UNK: after she threw all of his stuff out the window.
Castle : As a man who's dated several rabbit boilers,
UNK: I can safely say, been there.
Beckett : Yeah, but a restraining order doesn't mean that she's our killer.
Esposito : Yeah, except that her ex-boyfriend happens to be our vic.
Ryan : Picked up Camille Roberts at a cafe where she waitresses.
Ryan : She's in interrogation room one.
Beckett : What did we find from Derek's apartment?
Ryan : Mostly just old movie posters
Ryan : and a bunch of Donald Trump books about finance.
Castle : Maybe Derek dreams about being an entrepreneur,
Beckett : Anything else?
Ryan : There was a day planner with nothing in it,
Ryan : but a business card for a guy named Jesse Mandalay.
UNK: All right, run it. I'll talk to Camille.
UNK: Camille Roberts : This is like a bad dream.
UNK: Camille Roberts : I can't believe he's dead.
Beckett : Why did you leave the party right after Derek did?
UNK: Camille Roberts : I needed to get out of there.
Beckett : And where did you go?
UNK: Home.
UNK: Camille Roberts : I just wanted to be alone.
Beckett : You didn't see him afterwards?
UNK: I turned the corner, he was gone.
UNK: Camille Roberts : Wait, you don't think I had something to do with this?
Beckett : Camille, he had a restraining order against you.
UNK: Camille Roberts : That was years ago. It was just a big misunderstanding.
UNK: Camille Roberts : Look, Derek broke my heart, but then I got over it.
UNK: This
Beckett : doesn't look like the face of a person who got over it.
UNK: Camille Roberts : When he walked into the party and started ripping his clothes off,
UNK: Camille Roberts : it upset me, but I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Okay, why don't we just go over the facts?
Beckett : You had a volatile relationship with him.
Beckett : You left the party the same time that Derek left
Beckett : and then he turned up dead.
Beckett : So why don't you just tell me what was really going on.
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Camille Roberts : I just couldn't believe he was stripping.
Beckett : And why was that a shock to you?
UNK: Camille Roberts : We met in acting class.
UNK: Camille Roberts : He was the one everyone thought was gonna hit it big.
UNK: Camille Roberts : When I confronted him about giving up on his dream,
UNK: Camille Roberts : he said he was stripping because he was so desperate for money.
Beckett : Did he tell you why?
UNK: Camille Roberts : He had some other recurring gig,
UNK: Camille Roberts : but he said he had to quit 'cause it was gonna kill him.
Beckett : My instinct says it's not her.
Montgomery : Mine, too, but have CSU check the clothes she was wearing
Montgomery : for gunshot residue.
UNK: All right. Any luck tracking down the gig that he was telling Camille about?
UNK: Derek has a low-rent theatrical agent,
Esposito : who says he hasn't booked anything in over a year.
Ryan : He just e-mailed Derek's acting reel.
Ryan : Here's a taste of his illustrious career.
Ryan : He also did serious work.
Montgomery : Damn, I can see why the guy had to strip to pay his bills.
Beckett : I guess it's safe to say that the gig that he was telling Camille about
Beckett : had nothing to do with his acting pursuits.
Beckett : So, you guys head off to Mucho Men,
Beckett : that's the place that booked him for the bachelorette party,