UNK: at 11 : 53 a.m. that day.
Ryan : Derek had a card for Jesse Mandalay tucked inside one of his books.
Ryan : I called the number, it was disconnected.
Montgomery : It's possible that Mandalay was the one that loaned Derek the money.
Castle : Maybe Derek thought he was on a flexible payment plan.
Castle : Needed more time and Mandalay killed him for it.
Esposito : Well, the bank is sending over
Esposito : the surveillance footage of Mandalay, right now.
Esposito : Here we go.
Esposito : There's Mandalay taking the cash.
UNK: Yeah, by the looks of that suit,
Montgomery : the loan business must be pretty lucrative.
Montgomery : Okay. Let's see this guy's face.
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait!
Beckett : That's not Jesse Mandalay. That's Derek with gray hair.
Beckett : Jesse Mandalay is Derek.
Beckett : The branch manager said that Derek withdrew money
Beckett : from an account called Sunfire Limited.
UNK: And his alter-ego, Jesse Mandalay?
Beckett : Was the signatory, but the rest is a mystery.
Beckett : Sunfire is linked to an offshore account,
Beckett : and the only person that they can trace it to is Mandalay.
UNK: A money trail that leads back to a man who doesn't exist.
UNK: Derek was dyeing his hair gray,
Castle : wearing fancy suits to look more distinguished.
Castle : And he was reading books on finance and investment,
Castle : so that he could play the role of Jesse Mandalay for someone.
Esposito : But why hire a struggling actor to play a businessman?
Castle : I did some research on Chinese companies
UNK: that would sometimes hire a white man to pose as an executive
UNK: at ribbon-cutting ceremonies, shareholder meetings.
Castle : Just to instill confidence in investors.
Castle : Likewise, college students seeking venture capital,
Castle : will sometimes hire an older-looking shill.
Castle : You know, someone who looks more
Castle : distinguished to help them secure money.
Beckett : So, if Derek was hired to be the face of the company,
Beckett : then whoever hired him was the person behind the bank account.
Beckett : Let's see if we can track down any checks
Beckett : that were deposited into Sunfire Limited recently.
Beckett : If we can trace the money, maybe we can figure out
Beckett : if Jesse Mandalay was a role to die for.
UNK: Yeah, that's Mandalay.100%.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Miss Lombardo, we need to know about the $ 10,000 check
UNK: that you wrote him a couple days ago.
UNK: Bella Lombardo : Sure. Best money I ever spent.
Castle : What was the money for?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : An exciting investment opportunity.
UNK: My girlfriend Sammi heard from her boyfriend Ronni,
UNK: Bella Lombardo : who heard from his cousin Pauly about Mr. Mandalay's presentation.
Beckett : And what was the sales pitch?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : The beautiful Braverman Lofts in idyllic riverfront Hoboken.
Castle : And Mandalay was there himself?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : He gave us the awesome news
UNK: Bella Lombardo : that if we put down the $ 10,000 that day,
UNK: we could purchase a loft for $400,000.
Beckett : A riverfront loft?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : I know. Amazing, right?
UNK: Uh, amazing is one word for it. Yeah.
UNK: Bella Lombardo : Yeah, you have to be like a freaking bonehead
UNK: Bella Lombardo : to pass up on a deal like that.
Beckett : Did anyone else at the presentation
Beckett : hand over a check to Mandalay that day?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : Everyone. My dad was pretty butt sore
UNK: Bella Lombardo : that I took the money out of my college fund,
UNK: Bella Lombardo : but when I explained that it would fold into the purchase price,
UNK: Bella Lombardo : he recognized that business smarts runs in our family.
Castle : Let me guess, the contract is in the mail, right?
Beckett : Yeah, this is it, the Braverman Lofts.
Beckett : And that must be the showroom.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Four hundred thousand for one of these?
Castle : I'll take two.
Beckett : Castle, let's go.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Bert Kramer : Can I help you?
Beckett : NYPD. Who's in charge here?
Castle : I am.
UNK: I'm a developer, Bert Kramer.
Beckett : We're here about Jesse Mandalay. Do you know him?
UNK: Unfortunately.
UNK: And if I ever see that guy again, I'm gonna bust him in the jaw
UNK: Bert Kramer : for all the crap he put me through.
Castle : Let me guess, he took advantage of you.
UNK: Damn right. He tried to sell my frigging property like it was his.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Showed up here, claiming to be a real estate agent.
UNK: Bert Kramer : He had this rap about all these properties he's sold.
Beckett : And you gave him access to the building?
UNK: Bert Kramer : Well, he wanted to bring a caravan of clients through,
UNK: Bert Kramer : and he insisted it be on a Sunday, so, I gave him the lockbox codes.
Castle : How did you find out he wasn't legit?
UNK: Bert Kramer : Ever since that day,
UNK: Bert Kramer : I got people showing up saying they got the Mandalay deal,
UNK: Bert Kramer : and threatening to sue.
Beckett : Well, we have reason to believe that Mandalay was working with a partner.
Beckett : Did anyone else contact you?
UNK: Bert Kramer : Uh, no.
UNK: Bert Kramer : And when the tents folded up, it was radio silence.
UNK: Bert Kramer : But I did call some of the other developers,
UNK: Bert Kramer : and sure enough, this Mandalay guy brought caravans to their properties.
UNK: Bert Kramer : Now they're dealing with the same mess.
Beckett : Do you have any brochures?
Beckett : I'm looking for a place.
Beckett : Mine blew up.
Castle : Ten grand a pop, all over Jersey. That adds up quick.
Beckett : I don't understand why Derek was still working as a stripper
Beckett : the night that he was killed,
Beckett : if he was involved in a scam that was raking in that much money.
Castle : Because he wasn't the one raking in all the dough.
Castle : He was just the actor, hired for his looks
Castle : and his personality, to charm the investors.
Beckett : So all along, Derek sees his partner taking the money to the bank.
Castle : And when he gets in trouble with the bikers,
Castle : and suddenly, he needs cash...
Beckett : He raids the bank account for the 25 grand that he needs,
Beckett : and his partner figures it out.
Castle : Which leads to a heated confrontation
Castle : where he admits to borrowing the money, but...
Castle : But he says he's pulling out of the scam.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Got it. Thanks.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito did a little bit of digging,
UNK: and they found the real owner of the Sunfire account
UNK: that Derek used to withdraw the money.
UNK: The articles of incorporation were signed by our very own,
UNK: orchid-loving widow, Rebecca Dalton.
Castle : Shut the front door!
Montgomery : Beckett, you sure about this?
Beckett : Sir, it's all right here in black and white.
Beckett : We tracked the money from the real estate scam
Beckett : to this offshore account in the Cayman Islands.
Montgomery : So Derek decides he's done playing the Mandalay role,
Montgomery : and because he knows too much, the only option is to kill him.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : You were right.