UNK: Billy Grimm : This is a private establishment.
Beckett : Well, then we'll try to keep this private.
Montgomery : Billy Grimm.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Bobby! Yo!
UNK: We need to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about your association with Derek Brookner.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Never heard of the guy.
Beckett : I make one phone call and Auto Theft Detail's down here
Beckett : checking VIN numbers.
Beckett : They find so much as a stolen taillight, you're violating.
Beckett : You remember him now?
UNK: You know, I do.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Seemed like a good kid.
UNK: Camille Roberts : He's dead.
Beckett : And I'm willing to bet that you had something to do with it.
Castle : Derek wore the colors and you got popped because of the show.
Beckett : That's why you put a contract out on him.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Well, I might have been a little pissed off.
UNK: Billy Grimm : But the kid came with respect. He brought a donation.
UNK: Billy Grimm : A donation. What are you, the Salvation Army?
UNK: Billy Grimm : Well, I was surprised, too.
UNK: But I guess Derek felt 25 G's might help bring down my overhead.
Beckett : Do you really expect me to believe
Beckett : that a struggling actor had enough money
Beckett : to give you 25 grand out of nowhere?
UNK: Billy Grimm : That's what happened.
Castle : Where did he get the money?
UNK: I didn't ask to see his frigging tax return.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Ain't my business how he got the money.
UNK: Billy Grimm : He brought the cash and that was good enough.
Beckett : Aren't you forgetting the part about the extortion?
Beckett : The part where you asked your girlfriend to deliver a message
Beckett : that Derek had to pay you 25 grand?
Beckett : You gave him a week to do it, he couldn't scrape together the money,
Beckett : and so you killed him.
UNK: Billy Grimm : - Babe, what is this? - I can explain.
UNK: Billy Grimm : What the hell were you doing talking to that bitch?
UNK: Mandy Carson : Listen, when you got out of jail,
UNK: Mandy Carson : I got nervous you were gonna do something stupid.
UNK: Mandy Carson : So, I went to talk to the kid,
UNK: Mandy Carson : told him if he didn't want any trouble,
UNK: Mandy Carson : he'd bring you a pre-emptive donation.
UNK: Billy Grimm : So, you warned him? That's why he showed up here?
UNK: Mandy Carson : I couldn't stand the thought of losing you again.
UNK: Mandy Carson : The only way you're going back to jail is over my dead body.
UNK: Pookiebear,
UNK: Mandy Carson : that is the most romantic thing I've ever heard, baby.
Ryan : Hey, Billy's alibi checked out.
Ryan : Bartender confirmed that he was shooting pool till close.
Esposito : And we talked to our C.I. and there's no word of our victim
Esposito : hitting up any of the usual loan sharks.
Castle : You know what I want to know
Beckett : is how a stripper comes up with that kind of cash in such a hurry.
UNK: Cash-N-Gold.
Beckett : Castle, you watch way too many infomercials.
UNK: We also checked his account at JLP Bank Corp.
Ryan : He never carried an account balance of more than a couple thousand dollars.
Castle : Wait a minute. If Derek had an account with JLP Bank Corp,
Castle : why was there a deposit slip from Rampart Federal in his car?
UNK: Let's run down withdrawals for 25 grand
Beckett : from Rampart Federal branches for the day that Derek paid Billy.
UNK: I don't know how you missed that.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Rampart Federal on 93rd posted a transaction that size
UNK: made by a Jesse Mandalay