UNK: Rebecca Dalton : I bumped into Derek at a fundraiser.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : He later admitted that he had been hired by the host
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : to mingle and encourage people to bid on the silent auction.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : But it was too late, I already liked him.
Castle : And when you found out he was a stripper?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : I never found out. He told me. He never hid any of that from me.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : It gave him the freedom to pursue his acting career.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Audition during the day. And I respected his tenacity.
Beckett : What caused the break-up?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : The relationship had run its course.
Beckett : That sounds like something that you would say
Beckett : when you're lying, either to yourself, or to us.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : You don't really think I had anything to do with his death?
Beckett : I just find it curious
Beckett : that right after you've split up, he's found dead.
Castle : Who broke it off?
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : My client did.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : Last week he asked my client to borrow $25,000.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : I've learned it's never a good idea to mix relationships with money.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Intentions get foggy.
Beckett : Why did he need the money?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : He wouldn't say.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : And to make matters worse, he seemed distant.
Castle : You thought he was cheating.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : It occurred to me.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : And I'm not proud of it, but I had Michael hire a private investigator.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : I had to know.
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : When my client saw the photographs,
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : she realized that Derek was mixed up with some disreputable people.
Beckett : And what made you think it was a bad element?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Because Derek didn't hang out with people like that.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : He was a good kid from Michigan.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : If they had something to do with his murder,
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : I'd have taken my decision back
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : and given him the money in a heartbeat.
Beckett : I'm gonna need to see those photos.
Ryan : The P.I. took a picture of Derek talking to this woman,
Ryan : and then he followed her to the next location.
Castle : So Derek is outside his apartment talking to "Bombshell" McGee.
Castle : What's so dangerous about that?
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : Ryan, can you pull up Derek's acting reel?
Ryan : Man. Once was bad enough.
Beckett : That's the same guy as the mug shot.
Montgomery : Billy Grimm,
Montgomery : leader of the Visi Goths motorcycle gang.
Esposito : Billy Grimm's rap sheet.
UNK: "Extortion, assault with a deadly weapon, armed robbery."
Esposito : Grimm had an attempt murder warrant out.
Esposito : Apparently, some guy owed him money,
Esposito : so he chained him to the back of his bike,
Esposito : and dragged him down the L.I.E.
UNK: Why isn't this psycho, Grimm, in jail?
Castle : He was. As a matter of fact, he was caught
Esposito : because of Derek's re-enactment on the show.
Esposito : But the guy he chained to his bike
Esposito : had a change of heart, refused to testify.
Esposito : So, Grimm was recently released from jail.
Beckett : If this guy was such a whack job,
Beckett : what was Derek doing talking to one of the members of his gang?
Ryan : I think I can answer that.
Ryan : When Grimm was arrested, a reporter asked him
Ryan : how he felt about being brought to justice by a TV show.
Ryan : He swore vengeance against those who put him in jail,
Ryan : especially, and Grimm says,
Ryan : "That actor that made me look like a clown."
UNK: I can tell you this about Visi Goths
Esposito : from my gang task force days,
Esposito : they're serious about their colors.
Esposito : These patches they wear on their vests, they're not varsity letters.
UNK: They gotta spill blood to get them.
Esposito : And some guy wearing them on national TV?
Beckett : So she was setting him up...
Beckett : For murder.
Beckett : Relax, Castle, he's on a chain.
UNK: NYPD.
Visigoth : This your old lady?