Ryan : I was able to confirm Rebecca Dalton's whereabouts.
Beckett : Get a warrant to search for the murder weapon.
Castle : As someone who's written just about every ending in the book,
Castle : can I just say...
UNK: Amazing.
Beckett : You can say that after we get the confession.
UNK: Ms. Dalton, we did a thorough search of your finances.
Beckett : You've lost quite a lot of money since your husband passed away.
UNK: Michael Grant : My client doesn't need to defend her spending habits.
Beckett : She does if it's relevant to my case.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : What does my money have to do with Derek's death?
Castle : Everything, actually.
UNK: Let's see, there's a clothing line that never took off.
Beckett : A failed jewelry business.
Beckett : I mean, should I go on?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : That doesn't make me a murderer.
Beckett : Well, it was only a matter of time until all the money was gone.
Castle : Derek was handsome.
Castle : He was charming. You knew he was a decent actor.
Castle : It made him the perfect guy
Castle : to present investors with an opportunity they couldn't refuse.
UNK: Michael Grant : This is wildly speculative and your allegations are baseless.
Beckett : Derek took 25 grand from an account
Beckett : that initially led us in circles.
Beckett : The Sunfire account.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Well, this isn't possible. I didn't even sign this.
UNK: Michael Grant : Rebecca, I'm advising you, don't say another word.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Wait a minute. September 29th, I wasn't even in the country.
Beckett : We know.
Castle : The date it was signed...
UNK: Smack-dab in the middle of Paris Fashion Week.
Beckett : I knew that any former model worth her salt would've been there.
Beckett : And, of course, after checking flight records, you were in Paris.
Castle : Yes. And while you were drinking champagne,
Castle : your lawyer was using his access to your information
Castle : to create a scam in your name.
Castle : He was also stealing from you,
Castle : funneling the money into his offshore account.
Castle : That's why your businesses failed.
Beckett : He offered Derek a job behind your back
Beckett : to play Jesse Mandalay.
Castle : The money was decent,
Castle : but when the bikers came after Derek, he needed more.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Oh, my God, Michael. What did you do?
Castle : When you found out that Derek made
Beckett : an unauthorized withdrawal,
Beckett : you confronted him.
Beckett : But he knew that you couldn't go to the cops.
Beckett : So, he told you that he wanted out.
Beckett : You couldn't afford him exposing your fraud.
Beckett : So you followed him from his apartment
Beckett : and then killed him that night.
UNK: Michael Grant : I'm not saying another word.
Castle : Do you want a lawyer?
Castle : Or do you want to hire an actor to play one for you?
Martha : So, what happened with your struggling actor case?
Castle : Well, they found the murder weapon at the lawyer's office.
Castle : He confessed in an effort to cut a deal.
UNK: Oh, God. That's so sad. Poor kid was just trying
Martha : to catch a break and he kept stepping in the dog poo.
Castle : You should stitch that onto a pillow.
Castle : Oh! Hey, sweetie. Do we have a Sandra Dee in our midst?
Alexis : I didn't get the part.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
UNK: Honey.
Martha : This is the best thing that has ever happened to you.
Martha : Rejection is the bedrock of a great acting career.
Martha : Until an actor has suffered, he hasn't really lived.
Alexis : - Thanks, Gram. - You're welcome.
Martha : And besides, auditions are like men.
Martha : There's another one right around the corner.
Castle : Where are you going?
Martha : We need ice cream to ease the pain. Stat!
Martha : I'm going to the corner store.
Castle : I'm sorry, sweetie.
Alexis : Can I admit something?
UNK: Always.
Alexis : Going up against Kelly
Alexis : made me realize I didn't really want the part.
Alexis : I could see how hungry she was, and I didn't want to disappoint Gram,
Alexis : but I don't love it the way she does.
UNK: Well, maybe it's not "in your bones," as Gram would say.
Castle : I am proud of you for trying.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. And there's a silver lining.
Alexis : After the announcement,
Alexis : the drama teacher offered me stage manager.
Alexis : It's way more my style and I get to keep all my after-school clubs.
Castle : My little overachiever.
Castle : Well, congratulations on not getting the part.
Alexis : Mmm! Smells good.
UNK: Come and help me. Wash up. Let me take your coat.
UNK: You can chop these up...