Beckett : see if he had any regular stripping gigs or troubles there.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : He's not that handsome.
Castle : You want my opinion, 300 bucks an hour,
Castle : little steep.
UNK: As the person in this room that's seen everything under the sheet,
UNK: bargain.
Beckett : What else did you find?
Lanie : Take a look.
Beckett : A hair?
Lanie : Your vic has hair that's been recently dyed gray.
UNK: Looks like a temporary hair dye that hasn't completely washed out yet.
Beckett : Most men color their hair to cover the gray.
Castle : Some women want Officer McNaughty,
Castle : and some want an older guy who knows mutual funds.
Castle : You know, daddy issues.
Beckett : It's more likely he was coloring it for an audition.
Lanie : Speaking of hair,
Lanie : this is the more important hair that I found on your vic's clothing.
Lanie : That could belong to our killer.
UNK: Long, blonde hair.
Beckett : This could have come from one of the women at the bachelorette party.
Lanie : That's what I thought, until I had it tested.
Lanie : Came back positive for testosterone and anabolic steroids.
Lanie : Your blondie is a man.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : Listen, Stu, you want my guys oiled up in Euro booty shorts
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : for the Montage pool deck launch,
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : you're gonna need to meet me halfway here, buddy.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : Hey, be my guest. Shop around. It's a fair rate.
UNK: Listen, I gotta go. I got guys here.
UNK: My apologies. Promoters are always a pain in my ass.
Esposito : Lloyd Saunders?
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : I'm already up to my ears in A-Rods.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : But your friend here,
UNK: They're one size fits all, but we can pad if need be.
UNK: Bathroom's down the hall if you're shy.
UNK: Hey,
UNK: NYPD.
Esposito : We have some questions about Derek Brookner.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : My mistake. We're doing open auditions today.
Ryan : I can assure you, this would fit.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : That's what they all say.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : What about Derek?
Ryan : He was murdered.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : Wow. Derek was one of my best guys.
Ryan : We think he took a job that might have got him into trouble.
Ryan : What kind of work did you book for him in the last month?
UNK: He did the occasional "handsome guest" at rich people parties.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : Other than that, it was all bachelorette
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : or rowdy birthday party stuff.
Esposito : What about any male parties?
UNK: No, Derek was a women-only guy.
UNK: He had contact with a blonde-haired man who was on steroids
Ryan : the night he was killed. Any idea who that might be?
UNK: Could've been someone at his other job.
Esposito : - What other job? - In addition to the private gigs,
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : he also danced at a club called the Package Store
UNK: a couple nights a week. Most of those guys are juicing.
Ryan : Anyone he didn't get along with?
UNK: People think women are catty, but from what Derek said,
Ryan : Thanks for your time.
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : Hey, if you change your mind,
UNK: Lloyd Saunders : I'll provide fangs and some hair gel.
Esposito : All of them are buff enough to be juicing,
Esposito : but none of them have long hair.
UNK: Certainly not long, blonde hair.
Beckett : Maybe these are old photos.
Ryan : It's possible they change their style based on the latest trend.
Ryan : Maybe the Fabio look is making a comeback.
Beckett : Well, there's one surefire way to find out.
Beckett : Oh, Castle.
UNK: Camille Roberts : I can't believe you got dressed up for this.
Castle : Tell me again why Ryan and Esposito couldn't come with you?
Beckett : We all agreed as Volunteer Assistant Homicide Detective,
Beckett : you could really sink your teeth into this avenue of investigation.
Beckett : And they called "not it."
Castle : You know, ever since I've been following you
Castle : I've been dreaming of the day you'd say,
Castle : "Let's go to the strip club and get this dirt bag."
Castle : Just never imagined it would feel like this.
Beckett : Let me know if you need any singles.