Hans : Do you know how many hours he spent rehearsing
UNK: our Privates of the Caribbean routine?
UNK: Zero.
Hans : He was all artsy-fartsy with his acting auditions this
Hans : and play rehearsals that.
Hans : Hans Von Mannschaft is the one doing the real work out there every night.
Hans : Hans Von Mannschaft?
Castle : That's a hell of a stage name.
Hans : I'll have you know I come from a long line of proud Von Mannschafts.
Beckett : And have any of them served time for murder?
Hans : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Murder?
Castle : Careful, Hans. Your New Jersey is starting to show.
Hans : This place is about fantasy.
Hans : Women come here to escape.
Hans : It's just part of the act.
Beckett : Does that include getting rid of the competition?
Beckett : Derek was found shot and killed last night
Beckett : and we found one of your hairs on his clothes.
Beckett : You just admitted that the two of you were rivals.
UNK: Rivals?
UNK: Lady, I spend my days with women shoving bills down my shorts.
Hans : Do you really think I'll kill somebody over that?
UNK: That doesn't change the fact we can place you at scene of the crime.
Hans : Because of my hair?
Hans : All that proves is that we keep our costumes
Hans : in the same big closet backstage.
Hans : Hell, I'm using Minoxidil twice a day just to keep it on my head.
Beckett : Where were you last night?
UNK: I was on stage doing shows from 8 : 00 to 1 : 00.
Hans : There are over 100 women who witnessed it.
UNK: His alibi is as hard as his abs.
Hans : Did you talk to his girlfriend?
Castle : What girlfriend?
Hans : Some rich cougar who was obsessed with him.
Hans : It was obvious Derek was using her for the money,
Hans : but I guess he got fed up with her and kicked her to the curb.
Castle : How do you know that?
Hans : She always sent expensive bouquets to his dressing room.
UNK: And then last week,
UNK: for the first time in months, no flowers.
UNK: Yo, what's up? You ran out of singles?
Ryan : Hey, Hans was right.
UNK: We found a flower shop that confirmed weekly deliveries
Ryan : for the past four months.
Castle : I knew if we beat on Mannschaft, something would pop.
Beckett : Who were they sent to?
Ryan : They were charged to an Amex belonging to Rebecca Dalton, 48.
Ryan : She lives at 63rd and Madison.
Esposito : Yo, check this out.
Esposito : Fortune 500 lists Rebecca Dalton's husband
Esposito : as having a publishing empire in 2005.
Esposito : Says here that Rebecca used to be a runway model.
Castle : She's married? Juicy!
UNK: Uh-uh. Not anymore.
Esposito : Her husband died a couple of years ago.
Esposito : Left his entire fortune to his grieving wife.
Castle : Even more juicy.
Castle : Rebecca marries young.
Castle : Spends her 20s and 30s under the thumb of a rich,
Castle : yet, domineering husband.
Castle : Well, he dies.
Castle : Leaving our aging beauty
UNK: finally freed from the shackles of a loveless marriage.
Castle : One night she's out with her ex-model posse,
UNK: she meets the very charming, very handsome, Derek.
Castle : Well, for the first time in years, she feels
Castle : alive again.
Castle : The relationship reaches its inevitable conclusion
Castle : when Derek meets someone closer to his own age.
UNK: Well, the heartache has Rebecca so distraught,
Castle : that she kills Derek in a jealous rage.
Castle : If she couldn't have him,
Castle : well, then, no one could.
Ryan : before your little trip to the Package Store?
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : Thank you for your always entertaining stories,
Beckett : but I think we will get a lot closer to the truth
Beckett : if we just ask Rebecca a few questions tomorrow morning.
Castle : It's good, though, right?
Ryan : Yeah, I liked it. Yeah. It's cool. Yeah.
Castle : Are you guys celebrating with root beer floats and nobody told me?
Alexis : I wish.
Alexis : They narrowed the part of Sandy down to Kelly Burton and yours truly.
Alexis : We're taking a little break, but I'm really nervous.
Martha : That's why we're running lines in costume.
Martha : Tomorrow it'll be second nature.
UNK: I see you've dug up your time capsule to resurrect those pants.
Hans : I will have you know,
Martha : I had some of my best memories happen in these pants.
UNK: And... Eww!
Alexis : I'm off to bed. Big day tomorrow.
Martha : Okay, darling. Sleep well.
UNK: Oh!
Martha : Whatever happens, I am so proud of her. She is fearless.
Castle : You know, Mother,
Castle : I think you're a really good influence on Alexis.
Martha : What's with you, kiddo? Fever? Delirium?
Castle : No, I'm serious. You have always been dedicated.
UNK: And that can't have been easy.
Martha : Well, it hasn't always been days of wine and roses.
Martha : I had to take a lot of less than prestigious jobs to ply my craft.
Castle : Such as?
UNK: Oh! Lord, I played an elf. Santa's Village.
Martha : Lady Liberty. Lady Liberty outside some low-rent tax service.
Martha : And then... Oh, no. The worst job I ever had.
Martha : I was terrible at it. They hated me. It just... I was... Absolutely the...
Castle : What was it?
UNK: Secretary.
Castle : You'd be terrible at that.
UNK: Awful.
Castle : I'm sure many a pretty boy have walked this hall.
Castle : Doesn't take them long to realize that they're trapped
UNK: in the strangling embrace of an aging spinster.
Beckett : Maybe we should talk with her before you start writing the Lifetime movie.
UNK: Ooh! Quick casting idea, Ashton and Demi.
Beckett : NYPD. We're here to speak with Rebecca Dalton.
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : Please come in.
UNK: I'm Ms. Dalton's attorney, Michael Grant.
UNK: Attorney Michael Grant : I'll be sitting in on the interview.