UNK: - He's having an allergic reaction. He's crashing. - No, he's not. Look at his vitals.
UNK: O2 sats are within range.
House : I'm betting the only abnormal sign is sweaty palms.
House : Push two milligrams Ativan.
UNK: No allergic reaction. Just a panic attack.
House : Something obviously freaked him out.
House : Can we talk now?
UNK: You couldn't just come into the room?
House : He's had five visitors drive down. I didn't recognize any of them.
House : Six more have sent him flowers, candy and a teddy bear,
House : which I'm sure he finds very comforting.
House : But I didn't recognize any of the names on the cards.
Stacy : Shockingly, Mark has friends, and I have some new ones.
House : No, it's not shocking that you have new friends,
House : but it is shocking that you apparently dumped all your old ones.
Mark : - I haven't. - No, I didn't think so.
House : I just think you didn't tell any of them that you were down here.
House : Now, why would that be?
UNK: What are you up to? It's gonna take a little while.
House : Why would you not tell your oldest friends...
UNK: that you were taking Mark to Princeton Plainsboro Teaching Hospital to try to save his life?
Stacy : I've been busy. I haven't kept track of who knows what.
House : See, my old friends are telling me to be careful. They seem to think...
UNK: He. And he sent me the bear.
UNK: Figures.
House : He seems to think that I'm not over you...
UNK: and that it might be dangerous for me to spend time with you.
House : I'm thinking your friends might have similar concerns,
UNK: and so you didn't tell them you'd be here with me.
Stacy : What's your point? That I'm still in love with you?
Stacy : I should abandon my dying husband, and we should head for Rio.
UNK: No.
UNK: Greg, I appreciate what you're doing for us, but I think maybe Wilson's right.
Stacy : Maybe you should just stay away from me.
Wilson : What's up?
House : Love the bear. It's adorable.
UNK: My wife's gonna kill me. We're having company. She cooked.
House : I got Mark's latest blood work.
House : He's not responding to treatment.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
House : I was happy.
House : He's my patient.
House : I'm sure he's a good guy. He's probably a great guy.
UNK: He's apparently a much better guy than I am.
House : And some part of me wants him to die.
House : I'm just not sure if it's because... I want to be with her,
UNK: or it's because I want her to suffer.
House : Hey. Is it okay if I talk to Stacy for a minute?