Phoebe : Happy my wedding day to you.
Rachel : Joey, listen, this is gonna be bridesmaid central, all right?
Rachel : We're gonna have hair and makeup in the bathroom.
UNK: I had to move a couple things in the fridge to make room for the corsages.
Joey : Man! I wouldn't have had breakfast if I knew there was gonna be corsages.
UNK: Hi.
Monica : About last night...
Monica : I know you're under a lot of stress, and...
UNK: Well, even though the things you said were a little hurtful to me...
UNK: ...as someone who's never been fired before...
UNK: What about in high school...
UNK: ...when that yogurt store let you go for sampling toppings?
UNK: Everyone there did that.
UNK: Yeah, but did everybody owe 3 grand at the end of the summer?
Monica : My point is...
Monica : Well, I'm willing to take my job back.
UNK: Oh, well, that's okay.
Phoebe : I think you and I will do much better if you're just here as a bridesmaid.
Monica : Is that so?
UNK: Okay.
Monica : If that's really what you want, then here.
UNK: I give you the headset. I don't really wanna give you the headset.
UNK: I guess if you're taking over, then you should probably return these messages.
Phoebe : This is a lot.
Monica : But I'm sure you can handle this. I have won awards...
Monica : ...for my organizational skills. But I'm sure you'll do fine.
UNK: - You've won awards? - I printed them out on my computer.
Phoebe : - Hey. - Hi.
Ross : - Where's Rach? - She's in her room. Why?
Ross : I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation.
Ross : I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm in the seats like some chump.
UNK: This wedding isn't about you.
UNK: It's not? Then who's it about?
UNK: Well, it used to be about me, but now I have no idea.
Ross : My God, you're breathtaking.
Mike : What do you want?
Ross : You haven't by any chance chosen a groomsman yet, have you?
UNK: Ross, please don't make this harder than it already is.
Ross : I'm not. I'm making it easier. Pick me.
UNK: Chandler said it's important to him too.
UNK: I'm sorry, did you and Chandler go out?
UNK: Do you and Chandler have a huge history, huh?
UNK: Do you and Chandler have a child together?
UNK: If I said yes that would freak you out, wouldn't it?
Ross : Listen. Listen.
Ross : Whoever you pick is gonna walk down the aisle with you.
Ross : Now, I promise I won't say a word. But if you pick Chandler...
Ross : ...he's gonna be whispering stupid jokes in your ear the whole time.
Rachel : Oh, you are the lesser of two evils.
UNK: Yes!
UNK: Don't say anything to Chandler until I talk to him.
UNK: - You got it. - Okay.
UNK: I cannot believe you played the Emma card.
UNK: Oh, please. I was prepared to offer you my body.
Ross : Oh, my God! And I didn't hold out.
UNK: You know, normally, that would hurt my feelings...
UNK: ...but today, I'm a groomsman.
Phoebe : Sven, I don't understand what you're saying. What is wrong with the flowers?
UNK: "Lorkins"? What the hell are "lorkins"?
Chandler : I know.
Phoebe : - Hey. - Mike, if you were Swedish...
Phoebe : ...and you were saying the word "lorkins," what flower would that be?
Mike : - Orchids? - Right there!
Phoebe : That's why I'm marrying you.