Chase : Subclavian access established.
Taub : - Temporary pacer ready. - Don't need it.
Masters : Push calcium chloride. It'll fix the heart block.
Masters : Bradycardia was me.
Thirteen : You did this?
UNK: Her parents signed the consent form.
Masters : Amputate her arm.
Masters : What happened?
Masters : You had a cardiac episode that required us to bring you into the OR.
Masters : That crisis resolved, but...
Kendall : What did you do?
Kendall : What did you do?
UNK: During the surgery, we found cancer in a lymph node in your neck.
Kendall : So you cut off my arm?
UNK: The cancer was already spreading. It had to be done.
Kendall : I told you I didn't want this.
Masters : If we had waited until after the sail was over, you would have died.
Kendall : That record, that was everything.
Bobby : It wasn't everything. You have a life, a future...
Kendall : You weren't supposed to do this! How could you?
Paige : Because we love you.
Kendall : I hate you.
Kendall : I hate both of you.
UNK: Okay.
Kendall : My arm...
Kendall : My arm!
Paige : Dr. Masters.
Thirteen : Thank you.
House : Someone has got their pouty face on.
Masters : I did things no doctor in their right mind would do.
UNK: Good.
Masters : I manipulated, lied, forged, stole.
House : I don't want to know the specifics. I might be called to testify.
Masters : I broke the rules because I believed I was right.
House : You were right.
Masters : Then why don't I feel good or satisfied?
Masters : Instead I just feel like throwing up.
House : And you're following me to ask
House : how I break the rules and maintain my rosy demeanor?
Masters : I didn't do it to be happy. I just thought I would be.
House : Well, you can't always get what you want.
UNK: To the victor, the spoils.
House : Your bird recover okay?
UNK: Physically, yes.
UNK: Emotionally, it was a long night.
UNK: Next week, ferrets?
UNK: House.
Masters : I can't do it.
Kendall : I'm leaving.
UNK: Surgery?
UNK: I don't know what I'm gonna do but I do know I don't want to be here.
House : Nothing will ever be simple again.
House : I'm fine with that.
UNK: Oh!