Simpson : Little oozing.
Simpson : - Isolated the left subclavian. - Suction.
UNK: - You gotta do better than that. - Can't see a thing.
Masters : Push calcium chloride.
Masters : It will supercharge the platelets and increase the clotting.
Simpson : Two amps of calcium chloride.
UNK: Tell the blood bank to send up three units of packed red cells.
UNK: The field is clear.
UNK: Nice.
Simpson : Generally speaking,
Simpson : pledges aren't supposed to talk unless asked a question.
Simpson : That's because, generally speaking,
Simpson : pledges don't have anything to say.
UNK: Um..."KP."
Masters : Is that patient Kendall Pearson? I thought she was discharged.
UNK: Mmm. It's a House case.
Simpson : I never know what that guy is up to.
Simpson : I want you to scrub in on my lung harvest.
Masters : But it's my first day.
Simpson : Yes, I know. I was there. Be scrubbed and ready in 15 minutes.
Masters : What happened? Last I heard, you were going home.
Bobby : Kendall collapsed in the parking lot.
Bobby : They're doing something called a sympathectomy.
UNK: She must have had a hypertensive crisis
UNK: caused by neural overstimulation of her kidneys,
Masters : so they're cutting the nerves.
Masters : It's like cutting the gas line to an engine.
Bobby : Yeah. Sounds like what Dr. Taub said.
Bobby : Said it's basic surgery but...
House : It is.
Masters : You should still be on pace for a launch in 36 hours.
Bobby : Her mom's packing the boat now.
Bobby : I'm supposed to pick up some dry ice.
UNK: But...
Masters : Nothing you can do for her here.
UNK: Um...
Boby : We're just trying to help our daughter reach her dream.
Masters : She's different.
Masters : So, you have to be different.
Masters : I'll make sure she's okay.
UNK: Thanks.
Simpson : You can see the full lobular structure of the left lung.
Masters : - Bifurcate innominate artery. - I've never seen one of those before.
Simpson : Hold this, Masters.
Resident : Rib spreaders.
UNK: Nurse Hoffner : You guys okay if I pull a circulating nurse? We got a train wreck in OR 10.
Simpson : You got it.
Simpson : Proximal end attached.
Masters : Can someone take the retractors for me?
Simpson : Not really.
Masters : I have to use the bathroom.
Resident : I know you're a rookie, but you gotta be kidding.
Masters : - I'm not. - It can wait.
Masters : I'm gonna have an accident.
Simpson : Next one in line, grab it.
Masters : What's wrong?
Foreman : - Hypotension. - Low cardiac output.
Foreman : Float the Swan.
Masters : - I took a break. - I told them I had to pee.