Masters : First you act like it's the equivalent
Masters : of volunteering to be water-boarded,
Masters : and now you're supporting it?
Donovan : You're weird.
Donovan : You make paper airplanes for fun
Donovan : and hang them from the ceiling.
Donovan : You have a membership to the Einstein Museum
Donovan : and an overbearing obsession with facial symmetry.
Masters : It indicates freedom from disease.
UNK: We're biologically programmed to...
Donovan : Point is, you rub people the wrong way.
Donovan : But House is okay with your lack of bedside manner,
Donovan : he's okay with your willingness
Donovan : to argue any point, with anyone,
Donovan : even if they outrank you,
Donovan : he's okay with your peculiar fashion sense.
Masters : It's peculiar?
Donovan : House doesn't think you're weird, which is weird.
Donovan : But good weird.
Donovan : Is that a chicken?
Masters : I think it's an Australorp.
Masters : I'm gonna go check on my patient.
Masters : Can someone please explain to me
Masters : what House and Wilson are doing with those chickens?
Thirteen : They have a bet to see who can keep
Masters : a chicken in the hospital the longest
Thirteen : without getting busted by security.
Thirteen : Advancing past the vertebral artery.
Masters : And why are they doing this?
Foreman : The place they bought them only had one pig.
Foreman : I'm glad you're gonna be sticking around after today.
Masters : Really? You want me to stay?
Foreman : It's good to add a different perspective to the department.
Foreman : Someone who still remembers there are rules other than House's.
Masters : If I don't play by House's rules, he won't let me in.
Foreman : Find a way around them.
Masters : I'd have to lie to him, which is still lying.
Thirteen : Lying about a lie, that's practically telling the truth.
UNK: Catheter is in. Start the calcium channel blocker drip.
Masters : Means I need another LP.
Thirteen : Luckily, I know where you can get one. You good here?
Donovan : Let's go.
Thirteen : Decent stick, very smooth.
Masters : Sounds like you've had a few of these.
Masters : Suppose that comes with the territory.
Thirteen : I have Huntington's. No need to get hushed and solemn about it.
Masters : Why are you lying about rehab?
Thirteen : Because the real reason I was gone
Thirteen : is not something I want to share.
Masters : Couldn't you just say that?
Masters : Should be enough for Foreman and the others.
Thirteen : How long have you worked here?
Thirteen : House's people have personalities that range from nosy
Thirteen : to "Pardon me while I do this cavity search."
Masters : Do you think there's room for someone who does things differently?
UNK: No.
Thirteen : Not unless House decides that's what he wants.
Foreman : During catheter removal, I got a good look at her cerebral midline.
UNK: Her pineal gland is calcified.
Thirteen : Case closed.
UNK: We'll start her on hormone therapy and ship her out.
Masters : I handed in my log.
House : On your way to do that,
House : did you happen to stop and give Thirteen an LP?
UNK: Thirteen's stiff gait, small pupils,
House : and the raging headache she's hiding gave you away.
Masters : Yes, and I still broke a rule.
House : My rule.
UNK: I told you to defy the Man, not this man.
Masters : Why is it so wrong that I don't like to cheat?
Thirteen : Can we go? No.
House : Not liking it is fine,
House : not doing what you don't like makes you an eight-year-old
UNK: and wastes your potential.
Masters : You want me to be like you, it's not gonna happen.
House : That's the last thing I want,
House : 'cause then neither one of us would be exceptional.
Masters : You think I'm exceptional?
House : Not anymore.
Masters : I can do my job without compromising.
House : No, you can't. 'Cause I'm not gonna let you.
House : Internship's gone.
House : It's time for Masters to say goodbye.
House : Enjoy being a surgeon. You'll be fine.
UNK: Surgery.
UNK: Anatomy.
UNK: The branches off the subclavian artery.
UNK: VITamin C and D. VIT.
UNK: VITamin. V, vertebral, I, internal carotid.
UNK: Internal thoracic.
UNK: Internal thoracic.
UNK: T, thyrocervical, C, costocervical...
Masters : Martha M. Masters.
Masters : That's me!
Masters : I'm gonna be a surgeon.
UNK: Next!
Simpson : Welcome to your surgical internship at PPTH.
Simpson : The senior residents stand behind you.
Simpson : We'll all get to know each other soon enough.
Simpson : Grab a donut and get to work.
Resident : We're out of donuts.
Simpson : Then get to work.