Kendall : Ceiling of the galley.
UNK: Right.
Masters : The last time I was on a boat was my freshman mixer in college.
Masters : I didn't so much mix as hurl.
Kendall : Too much to drink?
Masters : No, I was 13.
Kendall : And in college?
Masters : Yeah, I know. Weird.
UNK: I was thinking cool.
Thirteen : We'll be back for the next blood draw in 15 minutes.
UNK: Unless, of course, you'd like to stay
Thirteen : and continue bonding over your lost childhoods.
Kendall : Listen, I have a ton of prep work to do to be ready to launch.
UNK: Is there any way we can speed the tests up?
UNK: Mmm, I'm afraid not.
Masters : Unless you're up for getting on a treadmill.
Masters : We could stress her body, see if her adrenals respond.
Masters : It would only take half an hour.
UNK: Hmm.
Masters : It's about an LP.
Thirteen : Go. I'll handle this.
Masters : Um, Dr. Cuddy, can I come by your office later? I'd love to get some advice.
UNK: Uh, I'm in meetings all afternoon.
Cuddy : Try me tomorrow.
UNK: Tomorrow...
Masters : This is my last day as a medical student,
Masters : so I've got this decision to make,
Masters : probably the biggest decision of my career,
Masters : which means maybe the biggest decision of my life.
UNK: Although, I guess, if I get married...
Masters : House has opened up an internship.
Cuddy : You do realize, if you take it,
Cuddy : he'll probably end up firing you again.
Masters : He's always hired me back.
Cuddy : And he'll continue mocking and insulting you whatever chance he gets.
Masters : It's certainly toughened me up.
Masters : You're trying to get me to say good things about him.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I'm trying to make you make your own decision and leave me alone.
Cuddy : Working with House is great and it sucks, often simultaneously.
Cuddy : Most people can't work in that environment.
Cuddy : Question is, can you?
Masters : Thanks, Dr. Cuddy.
Masters : You paged me down here and now you're doing my LP?
Cruz : Got bored waiting.
Masters : It's been two minutes.
Masters : This is your 11th. Fourteenth.
Cruz : Listen, your roommate, is she hooking up with that resident?
UNK: I gotta find House.
House : - Rehab? - It's a great cover story.
Thirteen : Now, I can't ever drink around those guys again,
Thirteen : thus eliminating my main bond with Chase.
House : Save the attitude for someone who didn't