Masters : Uh, you must be Dr. Thirteen.
Thirteen : Remy Hadley. Nice to meet you.
Chase : You're back!
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Foreman : What the hell happened to you?
UNK: Why did you lie about going to Rome?
House : You'd lie too if you bottomed out and ended up in drug rehab.
Thirteen : Thank you, House, for respecting my privacy.
Thirteen : What a perfect reminder that I'm back.
Foreman : I didn't even know you had a problem.
House : Loved ones are always the last to know.
House : Loved ones and robotic, estranged ex-boyfriends.
House : Our patient is Kendall Pearson, 16-year-old aspiring pirate.
Chase : She's that Canadian kid who's trying to be
Chase : the youngest person to sail around the world.
UNK: She collapsed yesterday during a practice run.
House : Luckily for us, cameras were there.
UNK: Her corporate sponsors want us to check that she's seaworthy
House : before the clock strikes, "You're too old to set a record."
House : Gives us three days.
House : You've still only got one, right?
Masters : Uh, last day as a student.
Masters : Could be simple dehydration.
Masters : She told the Coast Guard she had felt dizzy.
House : Pulse and BP were normal at the time of the rescue.
House : It's not dehydration.
House : What about your internship, did you sign up this morning?
Masters : Actually, I'm still deciding.
Masters : Maybe she had a seizure and that's what caused her collapse.
UNK: Coast Guard reports there's no sign of head trauma.
Taub : What about her back?
UNK: Look, right before the collapse,
Taub : she hit the small of her back on the railing.
UNK: Damage to the adrenal glands
Taub : caused adrenal insufficiencies, which caused the collapse.
UNK: Nice.
House : Blood draws every 15 minutes for four hours, to track her cortisol.
House : Masters, there's no hurry.
House : There's no wrong choices.
House : At least, that's what they tell people who make crappy choices.
Chase : What's with the sudden interest in her future?
House : You know, a blacksmith who spends this much time
House : hammering out a new blade from raw Jell-O,
UNK: he gets curious about who ends up wielding it.
Foreman : No reason to be curious unless you're interested in wielding it yourself.
Foreman : You want her to intern here.
Taub : And you're considering this?
Masters : Before I make my decision,
Masters : I still have one more LP I need to get,
Masters : so, I'd like to go to the ER.
House : Thirteen, why don't you take Masters to do the blood draws.
House : You can remind her about all the perks of working for me.
Kendall : Behind the deck, port side.
Thirteen : If her adrenal hormone levels are consistently low, we'll replace them.
Thirteen : You'll be ready to launch Thursday.
UNK: Great.
Kendall : Inside cabin, facing the bow.
Bobby : Sorry, K, I need to borrow Mom.
Paige : The sponsors?
Bobby : No, Couric's people kicking up a fuss
UNK: about rescheduling the interview.
UNK: Uh, I can take over.