Ross : These come in the shapes of your favorite Christmas characters.
Ross : Santa, Rudolph and baby Jesus.
UNK: All right. I'll take a box of the cream-filled Jesuses.
UNK: Wait a minute. One box? Come on. I'm trying to send a little girl to Space Camp.
UNK: I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
UNK: All right. Do you have any coconut-flavored deities?
UNK: No, but there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menorah-eos.
UNK: I'll tell you what. I'll put you down for eight boxes. One for each night.
UNK: Mon?
UNK: All right. I'll take one box of the Mint Treasures. One, and that's it.
Monica : I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember?
UNK: Dad bought every one of my boxes, and I ate them all.
Ross : No, Mon. Dad had to buy every one of your boxes...
Ross : ...because you ate them all.
UNK: But, you know, I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time.
UNK: Why don't I put you down for three of the Mint Treasures...
UNK: ...and just a couple of the Rudolphs.
UNK: No.
Ross : Come on, now. You know you want them.
UNK: Don't. Don't do this.
UNK: I'll tell you what, Mon. I'll give you the first box for free.
Monica : Oh, God! I gotta go!
Ross : Come on. All the cool kids are eating them.
UNK: When you have a second, I want to show you why we don't just trap spiders...
Gunther : ...under coffee mugs and leave them there.
UNK: I'm training to be better at a job that I hate. My life officially sucks.
UNK: Wasn't this supposed to be a temporary thing?
Joey : - I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff. - Well, yeah. I'm still pursuing that.
Chandler : How, exactly, are you pursuing that?
UNK: You know, other than sending out resumes, like, what? Two years ago?
UNK: Well, I'm also sending out...
Rachel : ...good thoughts.
Joey : If you ask me, as long as you got this job...
UNK: ...you got nothing pushing you to get another one.
Joey : You need The Fear.
Joey : - The Fear? - He's right.
Chandler : If you quit this job, you then...
Chandler : ...have motivation to go after a job you really want.
UNK: Why are you still at a job you hate?
UNK: I mean, why don't you quit and get The Fear?
UNK: Because I'm too afraid.
UNK: I don't know.
Rachel : I mean, I would give anything to work for a designer, you know, or a buyer.
UNK: I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
UNK: Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28 and still working here.
UNK: [scene : - Rachel? - Yeah?
Gunther : Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
UNK: Can't I just look at the handles on them?
Gunther : You would think.
UNK: Okay, fine. Gunther, you know what? I am a terrible waitress.
UNK: Do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because I don't care.
UNK: I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf.
UNK: I don't care where the tray spot is. I just don't care.
Rachel : This is not what I want to do.
UNK: So I don't think I should do it anymore.
UNK: - I'm gonna give you my week's notice. - What?
Rachel : Gunther, I quit.
UNK: Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee?