UNK: - I don't know. - What?
Chandler : Well, as old as he is in dog years...
Chandler : ...do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
UNK: [scene : - Rachel? - Yeah?
Gunther : You remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained?
Rachel : Sure. Do you need me to train somebody new?
Gunther : Good one.
UNK: Actually, Terry wants you to take the training again. Whenever.
Rachel : Do you believe that?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons.
Sarah : On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Ross : Just admit it, Chandler. You have no backhand.
Chandler : Excuse me, little one. I have a very solid backhand.
Ross : Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl...
Ross : ...is not a backhand.
Chandler : I was shrieking...
Chandler : ...like a Marine.
Ross : All right, here. Watch me execute the three P's of championship play.
UNK: Power.
UNK: Precision.
UNK: And panache.
UNK: You broke a little girl's leg?
Ross : I know. I feel horrible, okay?
UNK: It says here that a Muppet got whacked on Sesame Street last night.
UNK: Where exactly were you around 10-ish?
UNK: Well, I'm gonna go see her. I wanna bring her something.
UNK: - What do you think she'd like? - Maybe a Hello Kitty doll?
Monica : The ability to walk?
UNK: I'm gonna get back to re-training.
Ross : All right. See you guys.
UNK: Look out, kids! He's coming!
Joey : And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
Phoebe : Have fun. Wait! No, don't!
Phoebe : I forgot. I am totally against that now.
Joey : What? Me having a job?
Phoebe : No. No, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime...
UNK: ...and their corpses grotesquely dressed...
Phoebe : ...in, like, tinsel and twinkly lights.
Phoebe : Hey, how do you sleep at night?
UNK: Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around.
Joey : Hey, Phoebe, listen. You got this all wrong.
Joey : Those trees were born to be Christmas trees.
UNK: They're fulfilling their life purpose by making people happy.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Yes, and the trees are happy too...
Chandler : ...because, for most of them, it's their only...
Chandler : ...chance to see New York.
UNK: After you've delivered the drinks, take the tray...
UNK: Gunther, please. I have worked here for two and a half years.
Rachel : I know the empty trays go over there.
Gunther : What if you put them here?
UNK: You know, that's actually a good idea. They'll be closer to the mugs.
UNK: You know what? You should have the other waitresses do that too.
Gunther : They already do.
UNK: That's why they call it the tray spot.
UNK: Jeez, I always heard them talk about that.
UNK: I sort of just thought it was, like, a club they went to. Oh, God.
UNK: - I'm sorry. - It's all right.
UNK: Sweetheart.
Ross : So this must be kind of neat for you, huh?
UNK: Your dad tells me you get a couple of days off school...
UNK: ...and you don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
UNK: Well, I kind of wanted to sell the cookies.
Sarah : The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Space Camp...
Sarah : ...and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
UNK: Wow, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
Sarah : Yeah. My dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments...
Sarah : ...as I do daydreaming about outer space...
UNK: ...he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Ross : I think you'd have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Sarah : No. The one in Atlantic City. Dad loves the slots.
UNK: He says he's gonna double the college money my grandma left me.
Ross : Well, good luck to Dad.
Ross : Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
UNK: - The girl who won last year sold 475. - Yeah?
UNK: So far, I've sold 75.
Ross : Four hundred, huh?
Ross : Well, that sounds doable. How much are the boxes?
Sarah : Five dollars a box.
Ross : And what is second prize?
UNK: A 10-speed bike. But I'd rather have something my dad couldn't sell.
Ross : Well, that makes sense.
Sarah : Could you do me one favor?
UNK: - Lf it's not too much trouble. - Yeah, Sarah. Anything.
UNK: Could you pull the curtains open for me?
Sarah : The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news.
UNK: Since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley...
UNK: ...said she'd push hers up to her window so I can watch it.