UNK: Eric Foreman : Personally, I think she overplayed it.
UNK: Travis Brennan : She's being uncooperative because you made us all look like idiots.
UNK: Eric Foreman : We're only gonna look like idiots
UNK: Eric Foreman : if we can't figure out how to get her to agree to the treatment.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : What would House do right now?
UNK: "thirteen" : Pop a pill, insult us and trick the patient.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : We can do that last part.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : She's never met House before, has she?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Who's got a cane?
UNK: Eric Foreman : House isn't here.
UNK: Eric Foreman : We're not gonna act like him.
UNK: Casey Alfonso : What do you want?
UNK: Eric Foreman : I'm gonna do what doctors aren't supposed to do,
UNK: Eric Foreman : admit I made a mistake.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I shouldn't have been so quick to dismiss your symptoms.
UNK: Eric Foreman : But you need to let us start the plasmapheresis.
UNK: Casey Alfonso : What do you want?
UNK: Case? Honey, do you know where you are?
UNK: She's burning up. Start the treatment.
UNK: I can't. You've got my permission.
UNK: Lou Alfonso : She's obviously confused. Doesn't matter anymore.
UNK: Miller Fisher doesn't cause delirium and fever.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I don't know what this is.
UNK: I'm afraid there are gonna be some limitations on his medical history.
UNK: Samira Terzi : Just let me know what you need and I should be able to provide it.
UNK: Greg House : FYI, my malpractice insurance doesn't cover alien autopsies.
UNK: Samira Terzi : That's fine.
UNK: X - files are the next wing over.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : Where was the patient when he first fell ill?
UNK: Samira Terzi : Sorry, that's classified.
UNK: Samira Terzi : But assume there aren't too many places in the world John hasn't been.
UNK: Samira Terzi : And, yes, John's a cover name.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : And what makes you think it was an attempt on his life?
UNK: Samira Terzi : Sorry, can't tell you that, either.
UNK: Well, what can you tell us? Yeah.
UNK: Greg House : Did Oswald really have sex with Marilyn Monroe?
UNK: Sidney Curtis : Good Lord.
UNK: Greg House : Very professional.
UNK: Samira Terzi : Five days ago he was 185 pounds. Perfect health.
UNK: Cool.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Fever and delirium rule out...
UNK: Eric Foreman : He's not gonna hire you just because you called him the most,
UNK: Eric Foreman : especially since it's obvious he doesn't want to be called.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Symptoms rule out Miller Fisher. MS fits better.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Progression's too fast. More likely meningitis.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Areflexia doesn't fit as well with...
UNK: "thirteen" : Does with amyloidosis.
UNK: Chris Taub : That's even slower than MS. It's lupus.
UNK: I'm with the little man on this one.
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's attacking the body and the brain, classic autoimmune.
UNK: Chris Taub : Flirt all you want, but I should warn you, shiksas are for practice.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Lupus this aggressive wouldn't spare her kidneys.
UNK: Eric Foreman : It's primarily neurological. Let's start her on...
UNK: Then why no plaques on her MRI?
UNK: Eric Foreman : MRI was inconclusive.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Start her on...
UNK: Travis Brennan : So, now you're sure that it's MS.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Just like you were sure it was Miller Fisher.
UNK: Travis Brennan : An hour after you were sure it was heatstroke.
UNK: Eric Foreman : The symptoms fit. Start her on interferon.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : We're not gonna score any points with House
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : if we solve this just by running your errands.
UNK: I get that you wanna be right. You don't?
UNK: Eric Foreman : I'm just trying to save the patient, not score points with my boss.
UNK: "thirteen" : Would it hurt the patient if you let us run some tests?
UNK: Eric Foreman : You've got three hours.