Wilson : I do not whine.
Eva : Jack's not exactly the hero-type.
Eva : He started this band in college.
Eva : They gig around the country, looking for their big break.
Eva : It's been 16 years.
Taub : That must be hard on you and Daisy.
Eva : It's like I'm a single parent.
Eva : I love him so much,
Eva : but I'm at the end of my rope.
Taub : What Jack did yesterday was so incredible,
Taub : our boss assumed his illness had something to do with his behavior.
Taub : But if that's not the case,
Taub : there's more to him than you think.
Chase : You think Taub really comes across
Chase : as the most trustworthy doctor here?
UNK: Foreman he Chuckles. : I knew it was bugging you.
Chase : They cut me out.
Foreman : You're a pretty boy.
Foreman : Works well with the ladies,
Foreman : not so much with the patients.
Foreman : No one wants an underwear model performing their splenectomy.
Chase : I notice they weren't exactly knocking down your door
Eva : looking for Dr. Trustworthy.
Foreman : That's 'cause I'm black.
Foreman : Cortisol levels look normal. We were wrong.
Chase : Which House will interpret as him being right.
Chase : He's gonna make us biopsy the pituitary gland.
Chase : You seem pretty calm for a guy who's surrounded by racists.
Foreman : 80% of the Princeton population is white.
Foreman : Some are racist, some aren't.
Foreman : White works with both demographics.
Chase : So race is your excuse,
Chase : not the fact that you usually look like
Chase : you're about to punch someone in the face?
Chase : We're good.
Foreman : O2 sats are dropping.
Chase : He's not breathing. Suction.
Foreman : Sats are coming back.
Chase : Mucus plug. That's weird.
Foreman : Fluid in the lungs.
UNK: Pneumonitis?
Chase : That doesn't fit with anyone's theory.
Masters : Our tests finally rule out the brain.
Masters : That leaves the heart and the lungs.
Chase : Pneumonitis can be caused by bacteria,
Chase : parasite, some kind of obstruction...
House : Who was the girl on the tracks?
Foreman : News story said her name's Chloe Jefferies. Why does that matter?
House : 'Cause there's another reason besides being sick
House : that he'd risk his life for a stranger.
House : She's not a stranger.
House : The damsel in distress is an epileptic,
House : so we assumed she was having an epileptic seizure.
House : But what if she wasn't. What if she's sick, too?
Chase : Jack is away a lot, on tour.
Chase : What happens on the road stays on the road.
Masters : The most likely cause of pneumonitis is infection.
Masters : Shouldn't we be getting a sputum culture?
House : There's no significant elevation in white blood cell count.
House : This is more like toxic exposure.
Foreman : He's got a point.
Masters : Why is your assumption of his guilt
Masters : more valid than my assumption of his selflessness?
House : Because my assumption is backed up by millions of men, and Taub,
House : who've cheated on their wives.
House : Find the girl and the love nest.
House : Every hero has his Kryptonite.
UNK: Hello?
Taub : So we're breaking into this girl's apartment
Taub : because House thinks that two people
Taub : standing 30 feet apart on a subway platform have to be lovers.
UNK: God, you're a drag today.
Chase : Let me guess. You're back to fighting with the wife?
UNK: No.
Taub : We had sex again last night, twice. And again this morning.
UNK: Oh.
Taub : Rachel hasn't wanted this much intimacy in a long time.
Taub : I don't think it's me she's hot for, it's this Internet guy.
Taub : She's just happy and that's turning her on.
Chase : So she's not cheating on you
Chase : and you're getting all the action you can handle.
Rachel : I don't see the downside.
Chase : What was Jack's band called?
Taub : Suicide something.
UNK: Chase showing The Cd : Suicide Season. She does know him.
UNK: Chase showing The Cd : Question is, how'd they get sick?
UNK: Kryptonite.