House : You kidding?
Man : We got a differential to run. Cardiac arrhythmia...
Taub : That poster got me laid when I got home last night, so do your worst.
UNK: Arrhythmia proves I was right.
Masters : Jack's problem is his heart, not his brain.
House : So when you're not on a billboard you sleep with nurses,
House : but when you are you sleep with your wife.
House : I think you got that backwards.
Chase : That's my elbow in the corner.
Chase : What's your wife doing later?
Masters : Huh. They chose you and cut out Chase?
Taub : Apparently, Marketing thinks my face is the most trustworthy.
Foreman : For real?
Masters : Both of our patient's cardiac incidents
Masters : happened after physical stress.
Masters : I'm guessing vasovagal syncope.
UNK: Buzzkill.
Masters : Vasovagal syncope would manifest at a much younger age.
Taub : Could be drugs.
Masters : Tox screen was clean.
Masters : What about autonomic nervous system dysfunction?
Foreman : Could cause arrhythmia and fainting.
UNK: Inappropriate? I mean because of the Jew thing?
Foreman : Autonomic nervous system dysfunction. I like it.
House : Let's biopsy his pituitary gland.
Masters : Adrenal venous sampling makes more sense,
UNK: and it is a less invasive procedure.
Masters : Which you don't care about because you just want to check the pituitary
Masters : because you still think there's something wrong with the guy's brain?
House : Can't fool you.
Chase : He has no other symptoms for pituitary disease.
Chase : We can't stick a needle in his brain
Chase : because you don't believe in heroism.
UNK: Fine, do it your way.
House : You'll waste half a day, but I'm sure he's in no hurry to get better.
Chase : The autonomic nervous system controls involuntary actions,
Chase : like your heartbeat.
Chase : If we're right, it's manageable, but will progress.
UNK: Do you think we could consult with him?
Chase : I didn't know you knew Dr. Taub.
Jack : I don't.
Chase : You saw the ads.
Eva : Look, no offense, but you were wrong yesterday.
Eva : And they wouldn't have made him the face of the hospital
Eva : if he weren't really good, right?
Chase : Dr. Taub.
UNK: Chase he Goes To The Door, And Clears His Throat. : The patient would like to see you.
UNK: Taub he Straightens His Tie And Enters With A Benevolent Smile : How can I help?