House : "When I saw her lying there I thought,
House : "'I can't just stand here and let her die.
UNK: "'She has her whole life to live."'
Masters : He didn't jump because he was sick or because he knew that girl.
Masters : Even you have to admit that now.
House : Yes, but that doesn't make him a hero, it just makes him an idiot.
House : The only reason that headline doesn't say
House : "Moron crushed by train" is luck.
Taub : Next headline is gonna be "Moron goes undiagnosed
UNK: "because doctors won't talk about his ear pain."
Taub : Ear pain fits with my theory.
Masters : Jack has an infection that spread to his mastoid.
UNK: Great, we'll confirm that in a week
House : when your secret cultures have sprouted.
Masters : Am I in trouble?
House : I only get mad when you waste my time,
UNK: I couldn't care less about yours.
House : But let me know when they come back negative and I'll mock you.
Masters : - You have a better idea? - No.
House : So I'm gonna pick one at random. Acoustic neuroma?
Foreman : - A tumor in the ear. - Makes sense.
Foreman : And if it's putting pressure on the breathing centers in his brain,
UNK: it explains the lungs.
Foreman : The lungs explain the heart.
House : Evoked auditory potential test.
House : This counts as my time.
Taub : You guys got this?
House : I have been going out of my way
House : to be nice to old Jewish ladies for months now,
House : on the off chance one of them could be your mom.
House : You couldn't have mentioned she's a shiksa?
Cuddy : She converted when she married my dad.
House : You see, now is too late.
Cuddy : I'm not blaming you for this.
Cuddy : She's the one who ambushed you to find out what you were like
UNK: because "I never tell her anything."
House : I'd have to agree with her on that one.
House : Anyway, I obviously can't come to dinner now.
UNK: Obviously?
House : She's crazy and she hates me.
UNK: House,
Cuddy : I need you to come to that dinner for two hours,
Cuddy : keep your mouth shut and behave like an adult.
Cuddy : Yes, you will be in hell,
Cuddy : but I will feel better having you there.
Cuddy : That is what a relationship is.
Cuddy : We average our misery.
Taub : That was
UNK: unexpected.
Rachel : I'm having a good day.
Rachel : I finally resolved that thing with my sister.
Taub : What thing?
Rachel : We had the worst fight over whether it's time to put Dad in that facility.
UNK: I've been sick over it for weeks.
Taub : You never mentioned anything about your sister.
Rachel : I actually talked a lot about it with Phil.
UNK: Taub his Good Mood Is Going Down : I should be getting back.
Rachel : It's fine now. It's no big deal.
Taub : Are you in love with him?
Rachel : I've never met him.
Foreman : Waves one and three normal at 70 decibels.
Masters : It's been 37 minutes and everything is normal.
UNK: House was wrong again, he doesn't have a tumor.
Foreman : House doesn't usually accept "we gave up halfway" as an answer.
Masters : If I could get fluid closer to the sources of infection,
Masters : I could get better cultures, prove my theory.
Masters : I'm gonna set up for an ear drainage and a thoracentesis.
Masters : I'll only be wasting my time.
Foreman : She's a student. Somebody's got to go with her.
Jack : I saved that girl. I did that.
Eva : I'm really proud of you.
Jack : This whole thing has made me wonder
Jack : if things could be different.
Jack : I have spent so much time away from you.
Eva : Yeah, well. You love your music.
Jack : But it's not just that.
Jack : I think that I have been
UNK: afraid.
Jack : That I would screw things up,
Jack : that I couldn't be the man you and Daisy needed me to be.
Jack : But maybe I'm better than that.
UNK: Hmm?
Jack : I am going to quit the band.
UNK: Eva her Eyes Get Wet : I think we'd like that.
UNK: Uh-oh.
Masters : Hey, how's the ear pain? It's better with the drugs,
Jack : but it still really hurts.
Masters : We are going to take some fluid samples from your ear and your lung.
Masters : Can you get up? Lean forward. Lean on this.