UNK: Look, I can explain.
House : Sometimes I mix up my medication...
Arlene : I don't need you to explain anything.
Arlene : I think we both know
Arlene : that I owe you an apology.
UNK: House incredulously : Say what?
Arlene : I don't even remember going to bed last night.
Arlene : I must have had too much to drink.
Arlene : I do know I can be difficult.
House : You were a little bitchy.
Arlene : But once you knew I was Lisa's mother, you held your tongue.
Arlene : That's because you love her.
Arlene : I still think you're a pain in the ass with a God complex,
Arlene : and I'll kill you if you hurt her.
Arlene : But I'm glad she has you.
House : We don't have to hug now, do we?
Arlene : What do you think?
Arlene : I've got a train to catch.
House : I thought you were staying till Sunday.
Arlene : I'm coming down with a cold.
Arlene : Every time I stay with Lisa or her sister,
UNK: one of those rugrats gets me sick.
Arlene : Children are awful.
House : Did she have a rash recently?
Eva : No. What's going on?
UNK: House peering At Daisy : Feverish, itchy?
UNK: No.
UNK: What's she doing here, anyway?
House : It's the middle of the morning. Shouldn't she be in school?
Eva : I'm keeping her out for a few days.
Eva : There's been a little outbreak of...
House : Chicken pox.
UNK: Sorry, but if I'd let you finish that sentence,
UNK: that would have been much less impressive.
House : Chicken pox is no big deal for kids,
House : but it's a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad deal for grownups.
Eva : You think Jack has chicken pox?
Eva : But he doesn't have blisters, he's not itchy. And Daisy never got it.
House : I know. Again, that's why it's so impressive that I figured it out.
UNK: 5% of cases present without blisters.
House : The kid was just a carrier.
House : I'm gonna start you on anti-varicella gamma globulin,
House : which will save your life.
House : But it won't make me a hero.
UNK: Hey. How are you feeling?
Jack : Like I'm not gonna die.
Eva : I can't wait to take you home.
Jack : The guys called.
Jack : All this press has got us a couple new gigs.
Jack : Just a few more dates. Three weeks tops.
UNK: But you said...
UNK: I know. I know.
Jack : Three weeks isn't so bad.
Eva : It's not three weeks.
UNK: This is what he's always done. Just one more tour.
House : I'm sorry.
Eva : The pathetic thing is, I let myself believe that he could change,
Eva : he could be this other guy.
Eva : There's nothing worse than loving someone
UNK: who's never gonna stop disappointing you.
Masters : Culture confirmed Jack does have chicken pox.
Masters : It just took six hours longer.
House : Autopsy works, too.
UNK: FYI, it turns out your hero is a loser.
House : He's going back on the road.
Masters : He still risked his life for that woman.
House : That was impulse. It was easy.
House : Dealing with family is hard.
House : Wait, that's another thing I got right.
House : How many does that make?
House : And how many for you?
House : I'm also kicking your ass at gloating.
UNK: Hey. Hi.
Taub : I think we should get a divorce.
Taub : You have feelings for him, and I can't handle that.
Taub : But it's my fault you needed someone else.
Taub : I keep hurting you.
Rachel : We love each other.
UNK: House still Pacing And Gesturing A Lot : I know.
Taub : But are you happy?
UNK: No.
Taub : Then what are we doing?
House : You know, you turned out remarkably close to normal,
House : considering the genes in play.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Here. In case your mom comes back.
House : Happy birthday.
UNK: You are a sweet, sweet man.
UNK: You coming over?
UNK: Yes.
House : Oh, no, I can't.
UNK: Wilson?
House : It's bowling night.
UNK: He'd never forgive me if I don't.
UNK: No, screw it, I'm coming.
UNK: Cuddy laughing And Fidgeting With The Tied Bottle : No, no, no.
UNK: Cuddy laughing And Fidgeting With The Tied Bottle : I am not gonna be responsible for that.
UNK: Cuddy laughing And Fidgeting With The Tied Bottle : You drugged the man, you go bowling with him.
UNK: But my chances for sex are considerably lower with Wilson.
UNK: Fine.
Wilson : Hey. You ready?
UNK: House with An Embarassed Grin : Here's the thing...