Cameron : Can I help you?
House : Just browsing, thanks.
House : Happy to be underachieving again?
Cameron : Running the ER is slacker heaven.
Cameron : Looking for anything in particular?
UNK: Not any more.
House : Where's this guy? Why?
House : 'Cause he's my next patient. It'd be rude of me not to introduce myself.
Cameron : He's a drunk priest who hallucinated Jesus.
House : Afraid you might have missed something?
Cameron : Afraid you're wasting everyone's time?
Cameron : It's obviously either alcohol or exhaustion.
House : So, you admit you have no idea which?
Cameron : I admit that I'm too busy to care who you're screwing with.
House : Don't thank me.
House : Just knowing I can be of assistance is thanks enough.
Taub : You went out of your way to pick him? This is nothing.
House : There are no small cases...
House : Any guesses where this joke is going?
House : Could be psychomotor epilepsy.
Taub : Could be alcohol.
Taub : Shouldn't we let the ER rule the obvious out before...
UNK: Could be atropine toxicity, occipital lobe tumor.
Kutner : You know something about this case you're not telling us?
House : Why would you think that? 'Cause you wanna screw with us.
Kutner : Or screw with a hallucinating priest.
House : Both are possible. There's only one way to find out.
House : Run an EEG for epilepsy, CT his brain for tumors.
House : And go check his house of God for toxins.
UNK: Foreteen, hold up.
House : This department is broken,
UNK: and I'm not going to take a real case until it's fixed.
House : Job or relationship, your choice.
UNK: What?
House : To put it in terms you might better understand,
House : if you don't split, you must quit.
Foreman : The drug trial is over. I'm out, she's out.
House : Don't care.
Thirteen : We're adults, we can handle this.
Thirteen : You just have to give us a chance.
House : No, you're not, no, you can't, and, no, I don't.
House : Mull it over. You got till the end of this fake case to decide.
Daniel : I wasn't drunk.
Daniel : I had one or two drinks.
Taub : People often underestimate alcohol's effect on their...
Daniel : I was on my way to six. I know how alcohol affects me.
Daniel : This wasn't the alcohol.
Kutner : You lived in Manhattan for three years, then a year in Oregon,
Kutner : 18 months in New Mexico, less than a year in Wisconsin,
Kutner : and now you've been living in Trenton for the last six months.
UNK: Yeah.
Kutner : The more we know about you, the more likely it is we can help you.
UNK: Mmm. It's not medically relevant, so...
Taub : No way to know, unless you went to medical school.
Daniel : Four years ago, a teen in a youth group at my church
Daniel : accused me of inappropriate contact.
Daniel : I was innocent, but the church decided to transfer me,
Daniel : said it would be easier for all involved.
Daniel : When the parishioners at the new church got wind of why I'd been transferred,
Daniel : they were unhappy.
Daniel : I was sent off again and again.
Daniel : And how is any of that medically relevant?
Taub : So, the kid lied?
Daniel : He was confused.
Taub : Confused whether you molested him or not?
Daniel : Okay, you wanted to know why I moved around so much, and I told you.
Daniel : How about telling me why I was hallucinating?
Taub : Syphilis could explain the hallucination.
Daniel : I'm not sexually active.
Taub : You don't have to admit you did anything with the kid.
Taub : You weren't always a priest.
Daniel : I wanted to be since I was 12.
Daniel : I entered the seminary when I was 17.
Taub : Maybe it wasn't a hallucination.
Taub : Maybe it really was Jesus.
Daniel : I'm not insane.
Kutner : Seeing Jesus makes you insane?
Kutner : Bit of an odd attitude coming from a priest.
Daniel : Well, it's just a job now. The fairytale ended a long time ago.
House : You're a wuss, part wimp, part puss.
Wilson : I have no choice. I'm part of the ceremony.
House : I thought you were already circumcised.
Wilson : It's one night for a friend.
House : What about the friend who has two tickets to see Brubeck at the Blue Note?
Wilson : I thought you had an orgy planned.
House : I lied.
Wilson : Are you lying about the Brubeck tickets?
House : Yes, but only to save you from yourself.
Wilson : I'll be fine, and so will Cuddy, if you don't show up.
Wilson : I'm surprised she even invited you.
House : It is oddly flattering.
Thirteen : God, I'm so sick of his stupid stunts.