Foreman : He's got two lab rats in a maze and thrown in one piece of cheese.
Thirteen : So, what do we do?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Cool.
Taub : It's cool he's a child molester?
UNK: It's cool that a priest doesn't believe in God.
House : It's cool that God did to him what he did to the kid.
UNK: Allegedly.
House : You think he's innocent?
Taub : He had honest eyes?
House : And you think he's guilty, which explains why you're dying to discharge him.
Taub : I'm dying to discharge him because he's not sick,
Taub : not because he's a pedophile. Allegedly.
Taub : You actually believe the kid got confused?
Kutner : If everybody lies, that includes teenage boys.
House : Aren't we lucky to have such an interesting patient?
Taub : Had. There's nothing wrong with him.
House : World's most boring case just became a page turner,
UNK: and you want to tear out the last chapter?
Thirteen : You want to examine his character, go to his soup kitchen.
Taub : We're done testing him for things he doesn't have.
House : Bad news for Foreman and Thirteen.
House : Case is over.
Thirteen : We're not splitting up.
House : So, which one of you is taking a hike?
Foreman : And neither of us is quitting.
UNK: Interesting.
Foreman : You were fine with Chase and Cameron dating.
Foreman : You obviously don't actually have an...
House : You're fired.
UNK: How long you gonna keep this up?
Foreman : We know you're not... Wrong. Again.
House : In fact, in the last few weeks,
House : it's hard to remember a correct call you made.
House : If Chase had compromised his professional judgment to help Cameron,
House : I would have fired his ass, too.
Foreman : When my mistake blew up,
Foreman : you did everything to keep me from contacting the drug company.
House : To save your license, not your job,
House : and definitely not your relationship.
House : So, badge.
UNK: Fine.
House : Why don't you see if you can find us a real case?
Daniel : How can you discharge me when you have no idea what's wrong?
Taub : We know what's wrong, and now that you've slept it off...
Daniel : It's not just the hallucination.
Daniel : I feel nauseous, my foot feels numb, like it's fallen asleep.
Kutner : You didn't mention that before.
Daniel : I didn't notice it before.
Taub : Are you hiding from someone?
Taub : Why are you so intent on staying here?
Daniel : I don't feel well. I know there's something wrong with me.
Kutner : Which foot?
Daniel : My left.
Kutner : Oh, God.
Daniel : What the hell is that? What is that?
Kutner : Your toe just fell off.
House : Must be my lucky day.
House : New symptom means the old symptom was a real symptom,
House : and I get to keep our pederast priest after all.
Kutner : Where are Foreman and Thirteen?
House : They left.
UNK: Leprosy could cause necrosis and hallucinations.
Taub : Why would they leave?
House : Because Foreman doesn't work here any more,
House : and Thirteen is mad that I fired him.
House : Don't worry, she'll be back.
House : She'll be pissed off, she'll want to take a stand,
House : and then Foreman will convince her there's no reason
House : both of them should be out of a job.
House : Leprosy's a bad fit.
Kutner : Why'd you fire Foreman?
House : I gave him a choice, split or quit.
House : He chose neither. How about ergotism?
Taub : He's giving up his career for her?
Taub : He's giving up this career for her.
House : No, normal white blood count. Carbon monoxide poisoning?
Kutner : They're good doctors.
UNK: Separately, they're great doctors.
House : Better than you. Together they're morons.
House : Go, check out the house that they would have checked had this been a real case.
House : And page Thirteen, tell her to run the blood for CO,