Foreman : You never wanted to take that other job.
Foreman : You never wanted to save me.
Foreman : You wanted to offer to save me, so you wouldn't feel guilty.
Foreman : You knew I'd say no. That's why you're so mad right now.
Thirteen : You're an idiot.
House : Well, either you can go after her and try and patch things up,
House : or you blow her off and take your old job back.
House : Welcome back.
Taub : The AIDS meds aren't gonna work.
Kutner : If you'd let us do a test, we could stop treating you, or you could stop lying.
Daniel : I know the feeling.
Kutner : BP's climbing. You feeling okay?
Daniel : No. I feel flushed.
Daniel : I'm burning all over. My chest...
Taub : It's not a new symptom, it's just a reaction to the AIDS meds.
Kutner : Yeah, he reacted by getting worse. Means it's not AIDS.
UNK: "So went Satan forth from the presence of the Lord and smote Job sore with boils."
House : You think it's Hyper IgE Syndrome?
House : I prefer the colloquial term, Job's Syndrome.
House : Explains the symptoms, and my quote.
UNK: It's the first thing I checked. IgE levels are normal.
UNK: It could be some other genetic disorder.
Thirteen : Cerebral microtumors could explain the blindness and the hallucinations.
Foreman : We didn't find any tumors.
Kutner : That's why I didn't say tumors, I said microtumors.
Foreman : So your explanation doesn't depend on us being major morons, just morons?
Taub : We should start genetic testing. Takes too long.
Thirteen : So we start treatment. Treatment is surgery.
Foreman : We can't open him up without confirmation.
Thirteen : So your position is we can't test and we can't treat?
Foreman : My position is you're wrong.
UNK: This isn't going to work.
House : Are you kidding? I've never felt more alive.
House : Conflict breeds creativity. Go run the genetic test.
Wilson : On it.
Daniel : So, now you don't think I have AIDS?
Taub : I still think it's AIDS. On the off chance it isn't, we're pursuing other avenues.
UNK: Ryan.
UNK: He's... He's dying?
Taub : We don't know what's wrong with him.
Ryan : Can I speak to him? I don't think that's a good idea.
UNK: Ryan?
UNK: Why don't I get you a... Come on, Ryan. Now's not a good time.