Kutner : And does House's computer have a built-in microphone?
Wilson : There is a potential toxicity with an experimental treatment.
Amber : I was never here.
Jody : Blood pressure is remaining stable through 60 degrees.
Thirteen : No pauses on his EKG, no nausea.
UNK: Our treatment worked.
Amber : I need our patient.
Thirteen : Syncope's cured, Amber. It's over.
Amber : You obviously haven't stressed his system hard enough.
UNK: You crank it up high enough, anyone will pass out.
Stark : This is incredible!
UNK: This is the most I've moved in 20 years.
Thirteen : The tilt table test showed that the patient's EKG,
UNK: BP and pulse remained normal, despite...
House : Who are you, Thirteen?
Thirteen : My name's in the file.
House : The fact that you won't answer my questions
House : tells me more about you than answers could.
Thirteen : No, it doesn't.
Thirteen : We turned the thing up to 95 degrees...
UNK: You don't think that non-answers tell me anything?
Thirteen : Sure. Just not as much as actual answers.
Thirteen : That's why they're called answers.
UNK: They tell me you're hiding something.
Thirteen : Tells you I'm hiding everything.
House : Tells me you've got something worth hiding.
UNK: Was it Turkish prison? Gay porn?
UNK: You killed a man just 'cause he was asking too many questions?
Thirteen : Can I finish reporting on the patient?
House : No need.
House : See you in an hour or so.
House : Got to set some stuff up.
House : Thank you all for coming to tribal council.
UNK: A man of your integrity, I feel I can trust, Big Love.
House : And I don't call you that 'cause you're a Mormon.
House : Where's your team's sixth man?
Cole : She went rogue. Broke the rules.
House : You also sinned. You have no right to cast the first stone.
Cole : And atheists have no right to quote scripture.
UNK: The rules said, "No talking. "
UNK: I told them not to talk.
House : Out loud.
Taub : We were trying to save a man's life.
UNK: Key word being "trying".
House : Tilt table test confirmed that you guys were wrong.
House : You're fired.
House : The prodigal son returneth.
House : You're also fired.
Amber : We thought there was a tumor on the patient's esophagus.
Amber : We were right about the area, wrong about the diagnosis.
Amber : Turns out the esophagus is just straightening. It's scleroderma.
Amber : Explains the syncope and the choking.
Amber : He needs steroids.
UNK: You did a CT scan? Obviously.
Thirteen : After you were already proven wrong?
House : Good for you.
House : It's too bad you're wrong.
House : Straightening indicates weakening, not hardening.
House : SMA explains the weakening.
House : Strongyloides infection explains everything else.
House : You ladies have the honor to give the patient a feeding tube.
UNK: Discharge him. Show up for work tomorrow.
House : The rest of you... You're a disappointment.
House : You make me want to stop dangling.