Cole : What are we supposed to be doing?
UNK: It's almost 4 : 00.
UNK: You got somewhere to be?
UNK: Twin 15b : We know he likes to manipulate people.
UNK: Twin 15b : He's probably testing us.
Amber : To find out what?
Amber : How long we can look stupid for?
UNK: He said he'd be here by 3 : 00.
Amber : He's obviously not coming.
UNK: I'm going home. Nobody follow her.
UNK: She Pied Pipered nine people right out of a job last week.
House : Would you mind holding my metaphor for a second?
House : New patient, 37-year-old male.
House : Suffers from severe ascending muscle weakness.
UNK: Why are you late? To see who'd put up with it.
UNK: So, if we'd have left, we would have been fired?
House : I was going to fire whoever stuck around,
House : but since everyone stuck around...
UNK: 28% curvature of the spine has caused reduced lung capacity
UNK: and he has reduced the bone mineral density.
UNK: The patient has spinal muscular atrophy.
Thirteen : It's genetic, incurable.
Thirteen : This is not a diagnostic mystery.
UNK: You have just given the state secrets to the enemy.
UNK: What enemy? New patient, new rules.
House : Today, you're going to split yourselves into two teams.
House : The first to figure out what's threatening to deprive the patient
UNK: of the 20 or so miserable years he's got left
House : with SMA gets to keep their jobs.
House : Take off your numbers. You look stupid.
House : And I think I know who you are by now.
Kutner : Wait, how do you want us to split up?
House : Good question, Overly Excited Former Foster Kid.
UNK: There's 10 of you.
House : I was thinking six against six? No, wait.
UNK: Twin 15b : How about women versus men?
House : Excellent suggestion, Fat Twin.
House : More interesting than evens versus odds.
House : Less interesting than shirts against skins.
House : If your sex organs dangle, you're the Confederates.
House : If your sex organs are aesthetically pleasing, you're the Yanks.
UNK: Dr. House? I'd like to be on the men's team.
House : Do your sex organs dangle, Cutthroat Bitch?
UNK: Not yet. You've never hired more
Amber : than one female on your team before.
Amber : If you're going to purge an entire gender
Amber : it isn't going to be the danglers.
UNK: Sounds logical, if you don't think about it for more than three seconds.
House : I just told you that if the danglers lose, they're out.
House : So, I can only assume you're hiding the real reason.
House : You don't think the women will be aggressive enough,
House : will be good enough at science. They'll be too emotional.
Amber : Can I switch teams?
House : If the danglers are okay, I'm okay.
UNK: We're not okay. I get it.
Amber : You don't like me because maybe I'm a little bit competitive.
UNK: Manipulative.
UNK: "Cutthroat Bitch" is your official title.
Amber : It's a game. You can either play for fun or play to win.
Amber : If you want to win, you want "Cutthroat".
Cole : No, thank you.
Thirteen : First thing we have to do is get inside his head.
Jody : It's not psychological.
UNK: I'm not talking about the patient, I'm talking about House.
Thirteen : He's insane, but he's not irresponsible.
Thirteen : He wouldn't be playing this game if he didn't already know the answer.
UNK: The first thing we do is gang-bang the sucker.
Kutner : There's five of us. We can run dozens of tests.
Kutner : We don't need a theory. We just need brute force.
UNK: Twin 15b : What about the assist dog?
UNK: Twin 15b : Picks bacteria-infested things up with its bacteria-infested mouth,
UNK: Twin 15b : hands them over to the guy...
Jody : It's not the dog, wouldn't be fair.
UNK: To who? Whom.
UNK: The men. House knows I used to be a vet.
Jody : If the dog's the answer, they'd be at a handicap.
Cole : What about the dog?
Cole : Assist dogs put everything in their mouth.
Cole : Money, doorknobs...
UNK: Great. That's not what I said.