Cuddy : You do know what's wrong with him, right?
House : It would be pretty irresponsible if I didn't, wouldn't it?
UNK: Female Fellow : Antibiotics aren't working.
UNK: Handsome Fellow : Legionella could explain the lungs, the fever.
UNK: Latino Fellow : If she had Legionella, she'd have low sodium.
Foreman : What can you tell me about her?
UNK: She likes body surfing.
UNK: Handsome Fellow : Maybe picked up a virus swimming off Jones Beach.
UNK: Female Fellow : But she doesn't even have the energy to finish her crossword anymore.
UNK: Latino Fellow : Her boyfriend said...
Foreman : That's it.
UNK: What is? Blurry vision.
UNK: Latino Fellow : How do you get blurry vision from not being...
Foreman : You don't stop a daily ritual that cures boredom because you're bored.
Foreman : She stopped doing her crossword puzzle
Foreman : because she's having a hard time reading it.
Foreman : What causes fever, boggy lungs, and blurry vision?
UNK: Handsome Fellow : Fungal. Aspergillus would explain
UNK: Handsome Fellow : the pneumonia, which explains the fever.
Foreman : Start her on amphotericin.
Foreman : Hey, guys. Great job.
House : If you were going to try to take yourself out, why choose electricity?
UNK: You eat a bullet, jump off a building...
Wilson : I love the team thing, by the way.
House : Bury yourself alive in Cuddy's cleavage.
Wilson : Teamwork, collaboration, all for the greater good...
House : It could have been a suicidal gesture
House : as opposed to an actual attempt.
Wilson : Interestingly, the rain in Spain doesn't
Wilson : actually fall in the plain all that much.
UNK: But who puts their internal organs
House : on a skillet just to get attention?
Wilson : Go ask him.
House : That would be cheating.
Amber : Got a diagnosis yet?
Taub : Get out of here.
Amber : Got a stool sample yet?
Cole : How could you know?
Amber : Oh, I talked to a nurse. Pretty brilliant, huh?
Amber : I give you a move House will love straight from one of his former fellows
Amber : and you let me join your team.
Kutner : You're too late. We already have our diagnosis.
Cole : He's lying because he wants you to go away.
Cole : So do I.
Brennan : How do we know you're not a double agent?
Brennan : Find out what we're thinking then go back to the women.
Amber : Because I don't care what you're thinking.
Amber : You want to know why I want to be on your team?
Amber : Because you're idiots.
Amber : If I can get the women out of the competition, I'm in.
Amber : And so are two of you.
Taub : So what's the big move?
Amber : It's called xenodiagnosis.
UNK: We let these bugs bite you, then we test their feces for parasites.
Stark : Why can't you test my feces?
Taub : Because you've been chugging milk of magnesia for the past hour.
UNK: You've got a lot going in and nothing coming out.
Amber : Testing the bugs' feces is actually more accurate than testing yours.
Amber : Smaller haystack, easier to find the needle.
UNK: You okay? Get the bugs off him.
Taub : Get the bugs off him!
Amber : The test isn't done.
Taub : He's choking!
House : Patchy infiltrates on the X-ray, but patient
House : improved with chest PT and oxygen,
House : consistent with aspiration.
House : So, now we have another symptom to explain.
House : Why does his throat think his lungs are his stomach?
House : And why are your throats closing up?
Amber : Shouldn't we be in separate rooms?
House : You think I'm going to run two differentials at this time in the morning?
House : Grumpy, you're first.
Brennan : I'm not grumpy.
UNK: Well, why would I call you that if you weren't?
Brennan : It's an unusual combination.
Brennan : Unusual equals exotic equals foreign.
UNK: It has to be connected to his trip to Thailand.
House : You practice medicine overseas?
Brennan : I was with Doctors Without Borders for eight years.
UNK: Ta-da! It's in my file.
House : David Blaine hides the six of hearts in a beer bottle.
House : It's still impressive.
House : You like exotic. Why are you here?
Brennan : I want this job.
UNK: Parent sick? No. I... I just...