House : You sure?
House : Lying to your parents is usually the right thing to do,
House : but there is an impending death exception.
Lewis : Don't talk to her like that.
House : You're right. She never lies. I was being rude.
House : When your boyfriend snuck in on Friday night... Surprise.
House : Perhaps he got you some sexy little treats, huh?
House : Some honey or some edible underwear, some massage oils. Come on, anything.
Dan : - We didn't... - Yeah, yeah. We know about the sex.
House : Turns out that Danny's little Danny is full of penicillin.
House : That's what caused your anaphylactic shock.
UNK: You didn't tell us that was what...
Melinda : No. It was... He took clindamycin, what I use...
House : He said he was on penicillin.
Melinda : - I saw the bottle. - That's a non-penicillin antibiotic.
House : If the antibiotics didn't cause the anaphylaxis...
Foreman : It's still on the table.
UNK: Everything is connected.
Foreman : What did we discuss? What was the differential?
House : Cameron said...
House : When Dan came to your house that night, he go through any tall grass?
Melinda : Climbed a fence.
House : What are you doing?
UNK: Your daughter had two visitors on Friday night.
House : One of them is still in the room. She has tick paralysis.
UNK: Dan tracked a tick onto his jeans, which wouldn't be a problem.
House : But being a teenager, Dan couldn't keep his tick in his pants.
Foreman : We already checked her.
House : Now I'm checking her.
Wilson : Tick bites don't ordinarily cause anaphylactic shock.
House : This girl's allergies are not ordinary.
Cuddy : House, get out of here. We have to re-intubate her, get her into the MRI.
UNK: The time course is perfect.
UNK: The bite itself sets off an allergic reaction.
UNK: Venom takes four days to kick in.
House : Heart's vulnerable, hits that first,
House : then a day later sets off the ascending paralysis.
Cuddy : Except that ticks aren't usually invisible.
House : They are until you find them.
House : Oh, no. That's dandruff.
House : Okay, well, that wasn't nearly as dramatic as I'd hoped.
UNK: It just means the next time will be even better.
Lewis : - What's happening? - That's the tick venom ascending.
Cuddy : Either that or you stressed her into heart failure. BP's dropping.
Cuddy : - Heart rate, 47. - I'm administering atropine.
UNK: She's gonna need a transvenous pacing wire.
UNK: Okay, magical tick hunt is over. Only real doctor stuff now.
UNK: This is just gonna get worse.
House : Ticks produce more toxins the longer they feed.
UNK: She's gonna be dead in an hour even if you pump her heart full of jet fuel,