Foreman : Until we figure out what's wrong with your heart,
Foreman : the safest place for you to be is right here.
UNK: Where's...
Wilson : the hooker, I assume?
House : Right up here, buddy.
Wilson : You said you'd hang the stethoscope if you were having sex.
House : I didn't say it had to be with another person.
House : Can you think of anything that would tie together anaphylaxis and heart failure?
Wilson : No. I was waiting out there for hours!
UNK: Yeah, well, I need a lot of foreplay.
House : And then there's the cuddling afterwards.
House : Any way that anaphylaxis isn't anaphylaxis even if it responds to epi?
UNK: No. Oh, no wonder you were in the mood.
Wilson : This month's New Jersey Journal of Cardiology.
UNK: Have you seen the centerfold? There's no way those valves are real.
House : Any chance that the heart failure could be unrelated to...
Wilson : No. If you need time alone to work, you just have to say so.
Wilson : - You don't have to lie about it. - Lying's more fun.
Wilson : Being lied to... Not as much fun.
UNK: Please have an answer to this question. What's for dinner?
Wilson : You still haven't done the dishes?
House : You want one of these? I think I got a couple of blueberries.
UNK: Oh, nope. Sorry, just one.
House : Well, don't look all weepy.
UNK: You got a problem with me, deal with it. Short my sheets or something.
Foreman : Biopsy was negative for rejection.
Lewis : Thank God.
Barbara : - And what about the blood tests? - Showed no infection.
Barbara : So we still don't know what caused her heart failure.
Lewis : Let's just be happy she doesn't need a new heart.
Foreman : Mrs. Bardach, it could have just been a one-time thing.
Barbara : So she has an allergic reaction and heart failure,
Barbara : and neither of them can be explained.
UNK: - Are they doing any more tests on her? - No.
Lewis : She's not here.
Cuddy : Notify local hospitals, cab companies, the state troopers, and local cops.
Cuddy : Any security officers off duty are back on duty.
UNK: Voice Replies : We're on it.
UNK: And I'm gonna need some pictures. And go through those drawers.
UNK: And I want at least two people going over the surveillance tapes.
Barbara : Will that work?
Cuddy : - Are those all her clothes? - Yeah.
Cuddy : She's obviously still in the building. So where did she go?
Cuddy : - What does she want? - See her boyfriend?
Cuddy : She didn't take her phone.
Foreman : She wants to be outside.
Foreman : If you're trying to scare your parents, great job.
Foreman : Can we go back now?
Melinda : I hate her.
UNK: When I was eight years old, I was sick.
Foreman : Not really sick, but the point is, my mom, she could...
Melinda : She was like this before. Home by 9 : 00 every night.
Melinda : Can't go out on the weekends. Can't do sports.
Melinda : Transplant just gave her what she always wanted.
Foreman : Melinda, you had heart failure.
Foreman : This is kind of an insane time to be criticizing your mom
Foreman : about being overprotective.
Melinda : I know. I mean, this is what makes it even worse.
UNK: All of her craziness, it just...
UNK: It makes sense now.
UNK: Everything's gonna be all right.
Melinda : I didn't even try to get outside.
Melinda : - I was too scared. - Come on.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, Melinda. Please walk back towards me.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Please.
Melinda : It feels kind of weird.