UNK: - We gotta get her to the ICU. - We haven't found the tick yet.
Foreman : We already kidnapped her! You wanna add murder?
Foreman : We've looked over every inch of skin on her body, House! It's over.
House : Hey, is that the first time you had sex?
House : With all the other stuff going on down there, she might not have realized.
Lewis : - You sick, miserable... - What are you doing?
Barbara : Oh, my God!
UNK: See? Told you it'd be even more dramatic.
UNK: Push norepinephrine. Get her heart back to normal.
House : She'll be completely cured by tomorrow.
Cuddy : Foreman, let's get her into the ICU.
House : Inamrinone was a stupid idea
House : unless you wanted me to get that girl in the elevator.
Wilson : - Oh, I wouldn't do that. - Wouldn't respect you if you did.
Wilson : Wow, looks like somebody filed halfway through your cane
Wilson : while you were sleeping.
Foreman : Reflexes back to normal.
Foreman : Heart's looking good, too.
Foreman : I'll send in the nurse, we'll get you transferred out of ICU.
Foreman : You'll be discharged in the morning.
UNK: Thank God. I just wanna get home.
Barbara : And back to school on Monday.
Melinda : I'm not ready.
Barbara : You're ready.
Melinda : - I'm sick, Mom. - You're not sick.
UNK: You're gonna go to class,
UNK: and you're gonna see your friends and your boyfriend.
UNK: What's this doohickey?
UNK: A brassiere. You know about those things.
UNK: You're a big boy now.
UNK: Well, I've never run across one like that.
UNK: It's brand new. Revolutionary uplift.
UNK: - It's explained to you. - I know. I know.
UNK: I have acrophobia, which gives me vertigo and I get dizzy.
UNK: What a moment to find out I had it.
UNK: Well, you've got it.
UNK: There's no one to blame. Why quit?
UNK: You mean and sit behind a desk? Chair-borne.
UNK: - It's where you belong. - What about my acrophobia?
Wilson : I called a divorce lawyer today.
House : Does that mean you're leaving?
Wilson : At some point.
Wilson : You might not want to sit exactly there.