Foreman : We plug one hole and end up poking another.
UNK: Are we talking about the patient or how to get a raise from Cuddy?
Foreman : The Wegener's treatment gave him a massive hemorrhage in his bladder.
House : Which means it's Wegener's.
Foreman : What did I just say?
Cameron : We were treating him for Wegener's when everything went wrong.
House : Not everything.
Foreman : Yeah, it was a very lovely day outside.
Foreman : On the other hand, the treatment made him worse.
House : Treatment made his bladder worse, not his liver.
UNK: Clot in the liver's breaking up.
House : And MRI, sputum and ACE ruled out TB, sarcoidosis and lymphoma,
House : which leaves us with...
Cameron : Still could be a cancer with multiple...
House : A cancer we can't see on MRI, CT or blood tests?
House : It's Wegener's.
House : It's not the wrong diagnosis. It's the wrong treatment.
Foreman : We could increase immunosuppression. Add methotrexate.
Chase : We can't give methotrexate to a kid who's already had lung problems.
House : Methotrexate is carpet bombing. Hits everything.
House : We need a smart bomb.
House : We don't suppress the immune system. We change it.
House : Immune modulation. FT28. His antibodies are attacking his blood vessels.
UNK: The irritation causes it to bleed and clot. We change his immune system
House : but work fine everywhere else.
Cameron : FT28 is still experimental. It's not FDA approved.
House : It's worked for Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
Chase : He doesn't have Crohn's or arthritis.
House : Let's say that he does and start the treatment.
Franklin : Absolutely not.
Franklin : My people have been experimented on before. Never again.
UNK: Mister Lipa, with all due respect,
Foreman : comparing this hospital with Auschwitz, it's ridiculous.
UNK: FT28 has been proven safe in hundreds...
UNK: People always say you can trust them.
Franklin : Why would they say anything else?
Franklin : Why do they think we would listen?
Foreman : You think I don't understand what it's like to come from a people
Foreman : who've been enslaved, mistreated and experimented on?
Foreman : Tuskegee went on for 28 years after World War II.
Franklin : And the laws that made it illegal for the Romany to even set foot
Franklin : in this state were still on the books until 1998. It's not ancient history.
Foreman : Conventional therapy hasn't worked. Your son may be dying.
Foreman : He needs a targeted approach, and you need to trust us.
Judy : I'm sorry. A lifetime of experiences tells me I can't trust you,
Judy : and the past three days have done nothing to change that.
Franklin : We want our son treated, not experimented on.
Franklin : If you don't know how to do that, then just tell us,
Franklin : so we can take him someplace where they do.
House : They're absolutely right. Stay away
House : from that unproven, experimental stuff. Much better to stick
UNK: with the "moving the furniture until he gets better" approach.
Foreman : Yes, you're right. We're gonna have to come up with something else.
UNK: Do you mean another last-ditch, desperation move? You got anything?
UNK: Go back and don't take no for an answer. What kind of salesman are you?
Foreman : The kind who avoids the house with the crazy couple
Foreman : who put tin foil over their windows.
House : They got money for tin foil,
House : they got money for whatever you're selling.
Foreman : What's that mean?
House : It means that if they don't trust you, you should earn that lack of trust.
Foreman : What does paying for tinfoil mean?
House : Why should I have to answer all the questions?
UNK: Oops.
House : Sorry. Still getting used to the power steering.
House : I assume you've heard the news?
Whitner : I'm not worried.
Whitner : From what I hear, what you lack in shame, you also lack in willpower.
House : My will may be weak, but my backbone is strong
House : and pain-free now that I've stopped using the cane.
Stevie : Of course, it's harder to look down Cuddy's shirt,
House : but then the vantage point on her ass has much improved.
House : Then that's just me, always looking on the bright side.
House : I'm the guy who said that her C-cups are half full.
Whitner : They are nice, aren't they?
UNK: Oh, no, no, no, you're not gonna win me over that easily.
House : You may have a wheel. It doesn't mean you get the grease.
House : You gotta squeak.
Mother : What's that?
UNK: It's cyclophosphamide.
Foreman : We're continuing the standard treatment as you requested.
Foreman : I have to ask everyone to leave the room for a few minutes
Foreman : while I apply some bandages.
Judy : Why do we have to leave?