Stevie : So Graham's law applies.
UNK: You've taken physics already?
UNK: No, I just sort of read up on my own.
UNK: I had to teach myself a lot of stuff, too. Schools sucked where I grew up.
Foreman : You go to public or private?
UNK: Public.
UNK: Leak has to be in the pulmonary veins to get in my lungs, right?
UNK: Yep.
Stevie : I don't see anything. Do you?
UNK: No.
UNK: It doesn't make sense.
Stevie : How can I have a bloody effusion without any bleeding?
UNK: COUGHING
Cameron : This is putrid.
Chase : Put food-borne parasites and infections on the list to check on.
Chase : I'll take the bedroom.
Chase : Oh. Sorry, I didn't know there was anyone.
Leah : We were just...
UNK: Oh, God! I have a gun.
Man : Look, you can take whatever you want. My wallet's in my suit.
UNK: Freeze! Freeze!
Man : I'm calling the cops.
Chase : Okay, you don't have a gun, and you're not calling the cops.
Man : Oh, no, I'm calling the cops unless you two get out of here right now.
UNK: "Unless"? Who calls the cops unless a burglar does something?
Chase : You don't want to have to explain the affair.
Woman : We're not having an affair.
Chase : He's got a ring. You don't.
Chase : And judging from the state of the kitchen downstairs
Chase : and the half-vacuumed bedroom,
Chase : I'm guessing you're a better lover than you are a maid.
Woman : Maid? You son of a bitch.
Woman : I'm not a maid, okay? This is my house, not his.
UNK: Sorry. And what's wrong with my kitchen?
Cameron : Nothing. We're sorry. We're just here to help Stevie.
Woman : Who's Stevie?
Foreman : Your son?
Chase : It was the address you gave.
Stevie : The ER must have written it down wrong.
Cameron : Or you lied because you don't want us to talk to your parents.
Stevie : I gave you their phone numbers.
Foreman : You gave us some numbers. We haven't been able to reach anyone.
Stevie : I told you, they must be in a conference.
Leah : He's lying.
UNK: Leah.
Leah : He's Romany, a Gypsy.
Cameron : So you don't have a home?
Stevie : Of course we do.
UNK: What, next you're gonna ask me about dancing around campfires
Stevie : and stealing children? This is why I don't tell people.
Stevie : Sharing information with outsiders has not gone so well for my people.
Foreman : Right now you're making yourself more vulnerable by lying to us.
Stevie : You can't go to my house. You'll pollute it.
UNK: All we're gonna do is look around.
Leah : Your presence is enough.
Stevie : My parents take it seriously. It's spiritual as much as it is physical.
Chase : You know where he lives?
UNK: Don't.
Stevie : Look, I'll tell you whatever you need to know.
Chase : If we can't trust your answers...
Stevie : I drink sometimes, okay? I've smoked pot.
Stevie : I'll tell you anything, the truth. You just...
Stevie : You can't go in my home.
Cameron : The pot wouldn't cause a bleeding problem. A pesticide on the pot could.
Cameron : Where did you get it?
Stevie : Some kid at school.
Leah : Stevie. He got the pot from me.
Leah : He doesn't even go to school. His parents made him drop out.
UNK: I'm home-schooled. He reads books.
Foreman : What else are you lying about? Is your father really a professor?
Stevie : He's a salesman.
Leah : They buy and sell anything they can get their hands on.
Foreman : They? So you're with your dad when he's making these deals?
Leah : He was just in Chicago a week ago.
Foreman : You fly?
Stevie : No, my dad's got a truck.