Chase : Mucosa looks normal, healthy. No lonely diverticula.
Foreman : Blood pressure's dropping. He's bleeding again.
CHASE : I'm in his colon.
Foreman : Hurry up. I am.
Chase : There's nothing there.
Foreman : Wait. Wait. What's that?
UNK: A reflection?
Foreman : No, it's something.
House : Looks like a...
UNK: Toothpick.
Stevie : Are you sure?
Foreman : He must have swallowed it accidentally and just figured he'd digest it eventually.
Foreman : When you two were making out in the car, he must have folded awkwardly,
Foreman : Then it moved on to his liver and made its way to his bladder and spleen.
Leah : So that's it? He's gonna be okay?
UNK: Yeah, small holes.
Foreman : It shouldn't take that long to heal now that we've got it out.
Franklin : See? See what you did? Me?
Judy : If you hadn't been kissing him...
Leah : That's what you heard?
Leah : It was the toothpick. It was that disgusting habit that you...
UNK: It would have just passed right through him if he hadn't been writhing around.
Franklin : Isn't that right...
Leah : That's it?
Foreman : Yeah, that's it.
Foreman : Wood absorbs water, becomes the same density as the tissue around it.
House : That's why it didn't show up on the CT or MRI.
Stevie : That's cool.
Stevie : I mean, not cool for me,
Stevie : but a lot of damage for something so small.
Foreman : You know, the lab here, they have a paid intern position.
Foreman : It's usually given to one of the kids from the universities,
Foreman : but if you want, I could probably get you an interview.
UNK: You know, some entry-level stuff, some gopher work,
Foreman : but you'd also have access to a lot of cool things.
UNK: Thanks, really, but I can't.
Foreman : Yes, you can. Stevie, you're bright.
Foreman : You have more curiosity than 90% of the doctors on this staff.
UNK: No, it's not that. It's just...
Stevie : I go to work every day with my family, you know?
Stevie : People I've known my whole life.
UNK: I don't want to lose that.
UNK: You can have both.
Stevie : No, I can't.
Foreman : Because they don't want to let you.
Foreman : They shouldn't be making you choose.
Stevie : Maybe not, but they are.
Stevie : I'm choosing them.
Foreman : Change is hard. Trust me, I know.
Foreman : But it worked out for me.
Stevie : You're a successful doctor.
Stevie : Your name is on journal articles. I would love that.
Stevie : It's just I see you with Doctors Chase and Cameron,
Stevie : and you all got empty ring fingers.
Stevie : You're alone.
UNK: LAUGHS
House : This is my last day living a life of leisure.
UNK: So are you gonna tell Doctor Whitner she's out of my space,
House : or can I? Why would I do that?
House : Because you said that you would, and lying is wrong.
Cuddy : I said I would give you the space if you made it a whole week...
Foreman : Which I... Didn't.
Cuddy : The bet didn't stipulate that you had to be in the chair for a week
Cuddy : unless you had to barge into an operating room
Cuddy : and shove your hands in a kid's bowels.
House : You know about that?
Cuddy : You lost.
House : I saved a life.
House : Two minutes out of the chair to save a kid's life.
Cuddy : You lost, House.
House : I earned that space.
Cuddy : No, you didn't.
House : I earn that space every day I limp into that building and do my damn job.
Cuddy : You lost.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: You were never gonna give me that space, were you? I saw Whitner the other day.
House : She knew about the bet, didn't seem that worried.
Cuddy : She knew I'd win.
House : She doesn't know me.
House : In fact, she doesn't know anything, except what you tell her.
House : You told her that you were never gonna give me that space, didn't you?
House : Just tell me, do you at least feel a little guilty?
UNK: You wanna teach me lessons, don't make commitments you can't keep.
Wilson : How's it going?
House : How guilty does she look?
Wilson : About an eight.