Foreman : It's good to see you in the hospital.
Foreman : As a patient, if not as a doctor.
Chase : Believe me, I'd rather be the guy with the clipboard.
Foreman : How you doing?
Chase : Arrhythmias are gone, fine motor control's improving.
Foreman : Not what I meant.
Foreman : If you need to talk to someone, a professional...
Chase : I'm fine.
Foreman : Fine enough to get back to work?
Foreman : You don't have to work for House,
Foreman : but you do owe me 20 clinic hours.
Chase : What'? Getting knifed doesn't buy me an extension?
Foreman : Buys you whatever you need. But I know you.
Foreman : If all you do is physical therapy,
Foreman : and your nighttime version of it,
Foreman : you'll lose your mind faster than you regain those fine motor skills.
UNK: I have this terrible pain in my left shoulder. It came out of nowhere.
UNK: Sister Joan : And nothing seems to help.
Chase : Any other symptoms? Chest pain? Light-headedness?
Moira : No, none at all.
Chase : What were you doing when the pain came on?
Moira : Just sitting and praying.
UNK: Sister Joan : She'd been helping to make the altar breads
UNK: Sister Joan : that morning, but no hard physical work,
UNK: Sister Joan : or repetitive motion.
Chase : Couple of possibilities.
Chase : You have enlarged lymph nodes, so
Chase : I'd like to start by ruling out breast cancer.
UNK: And I do mean rule out. It's probably nothing.
Chase : I'm gonna do a quick breast exam.
Chase : Do you mind stepping out for a moment?
UNK: Sister Joan : Not at all.
UNK: Thai was so I could ask about the second possibility.
Chase : Might not be a coincidence that the pain
Chase : started on the verge of a major life change.
Moira : How did you know?
Chase : Blue veil means you're a postulant,
Chase : haven't taken your vows yet.
Chase : Brown vestments means you're Carmelites,
Chase : cloistered nuns, which explains the chaperone.
Chase : You're about to withdraw from the world for good.
Chase : I was a seminarian.
Moira : Who obviously didn't take his vows.
Chase : Cassock made my ass look fat.
Chase : Do you mind unbuttoning your shirt and lying down for me'?
UNK: Okay.
Moira : I have had second thoughts. I'm kind of a wreck.
Chase : A life of perpetual enclosure and almost complete silence?
Chase : If you weren't wrestling with this,
Chase : I'd say there's something really wrong with you.
Chase : I'm going to admit you.
Chase : There's a little mass here, and I'd like to get it checked out.
Wilson : It's just a benign fat deposit, her imaging's clean.
Chase : Stress test, too. It's not angina. So why the shoulder pain?
House : Is it possible that she hurt her shoulder?
Chase : Thanks a lot.
Wilson : I didn't tell him.
House : You were cagey about where you were going,
UNK: and Chase has been cagey in general.
House : Good chance I'd find the two of you in the same cage,
House : so I had Park follow you.
UNK: How are you feeling?
UNK: Better.
Chase : Heard your arm's healing nicely.
Taub : Good to see you on your feet.
UNK: Patient's a nu n?