Moira : After what happened to you, don't you want to remake your life?
Chase : Not by hiding myself away.
Chase : I hope it works out for you.
Moira : It is gonna be hard,
Moira : not touching anyone.
House : Who knew Mother Inferior was a smokin' hottie?
House : No wonder you're playing handsies with her.
Chase : You think I'm hitting on a nun?
Chase : Angry at God, or I just need a challenge?
House : Or you're terrified of intimacy,
House : which is why you're a serial slut,
House : but right now you're grasping at an emotional life raft.
House : Ideally, someone for whom intimacy's not an option.
House : That actually makes sense, which I can't say
House : about anything else you've been doing.
UNK: I'm not emotionally involved with her.
UNK: And much as I'd love to hear you contradict me,
UNK: I have a 7 : 30 appointment to explore
UNK: my intimacy issues at La Scala.
Leisha : I'm talking to this agent he's a bit of a sleaze,
Leisha : but he's really excited about representing me.
Leisha : Although he can't take on any new clients right now,
Leisha : he's trying to get me an audition for one of those online soaps.
Leisha : Have you ever watched one of those?
Leisha : Am I boring you?
Chase : Unfortunately, yeah. Sorry.
UNK: Hi.
Chase : You're not supposed to be here. Or anywhere.
Moira : You were right, I was running away.
Chase : Oh, now you're shy.
Moira : It's brighter in the morning.
Chase : So, are we gonna spend the rest of eternity in a lake of fire
Chase : while pointy-tailed demons poke at us with sticks?
Moira : This is a little scary for me.
Moira : I had a whole life planned, not that I wasn't struggling with it...
Moira : And then I met you.
Moira : Don't worry, I know you're not the relationship type.
Chase : I'm not not the relationship type. I was married once.
UNK: Relax. You're fine.
Chase : So what's next for you?
Moira : I have to find a place to live,
Moira : get my old job back...
UNK: I'm sure I'll feel guilty, start doubting...
UNK: Well, as long as you keep dealing with
Chase : your doubts in the same way, then...
UNK: Moira?
Park : I'm sorry, did you say something?
Chase : Your neck... What?
Chase : Are your ears ringing?
UNK: Yeah.
Moira : What does that mean?
UNK: Let me get you back to the hospital right away.
Chase : The artery that's bringing blood
Chase : to your brain, it's coming apart.
UNK: It means you could stroke. I've paged a team of our best doctors.
Moira : I don't have to cough as much.
Chase : It's clotted up.
Moira : Is that bad? We're almost there.
UNK: Get me her 02 level.
Chase : What are you doing?
Park : I want to make sure I can position her wrist properly.
Chase : - For what? - ABG.
Chase : I don't need an ABG, just get a pulse ox.
Chase : I'll do it, grab a consent form. Go.
Cindy : We need to operate right now, okay?
Moira : Good. To operate.
UNK: Can you repeat this? "No ifs, ands or buts about it."
Moira : No about it, and no ifs...
UNK: Get her into OR 11.
Chase : Carotid dissection, four-inch pulsatile mass