House : Your soul sister is having a fungal infection
House : from the unprocessed wheat in the altar breads.
House : Explains the shoulder pain and the jumbo lymph nodes.
House : Thanks for all my help.
Park : I'm sorry I led House to you.
Chase : It's part of the job.
Park : Maybe we could get a meal after work tonight
Park : if you want some companionship.
Chase : You asking me out on a date?
Park : No. I just... I guess that sounded...
Park : Must be scary to be back. All those knives and needles,
Park : infected blood and tissue everywhere you look.
Park : Just thought you might need someone to talk to about it.
Chase : Just knowing you're there for me is enough. Thanks.
Moira : Ever surf Kirra Point?
Moira : Obviously you're Australian.
Chase : I've surfed all over the Gold Coast. Don't tell me you have.
Moira : The closest I got was Waimea Bay. I grew up on Maui.
Chase : If you don't mind me asking, why are you becoming a nun?
UNK: You're asking because I surf?
Chase : Well, I know that Jesus walked on water, but...
UNK: Plus the average postulant's a lot younger than you.
Chase : What were you doing before this?
Moira : moved around a lot, bunch of failed relationships.
Chase : And then what? God spoke to you? You heard the calling?
Moira : Something like that.
Moira : Does there have to be some dramatic moment where the skies part?
Chase : Usually, yeah.
Moira : Is that what happened to you when you entered the seminary'?
Chase : Mom drank, Dad worked, they stuck me in Catholic school.
Chase : Priests and nuns were the closest I had to family.
Chase : Turned out that wasn't much of a reason to join the priesthood.
Moira : Is that why you left?
Moira : Something like that.
Moira : I think I may throw up.
Moira : What's wrong with me?
Chase : Not a fungal infection.
House : You're probably wondering, why the soda balloons.
Chase : I'm not.
House : Well, I'll tell you. You're not the only one
House : whose life spiraled out of control
House : when you got knifed in the ventricle.
House : Taub has decided...
Chase : I need help with my patient.
Chase : She's vomiting. That's not from a fungal infection.
UNK: So what are you planning to do now
House : that you're not working for me?
Chase : I have no idea.
Chase : Almost dying's been clarifying. I can do anything.
House : You can do anything, so you come back to
House : the same building you worked in for years?
House : Guess you can cross that off your bucket list.
Chase : Can we get to my patient sometime soon?
Chase : You'll help me. Because even though
Chase : you don't find my case interesting,
Chase : you find my interest in it interesting.
House : When you put it that way... Ascending cholangitis.
Taub : Missed me!
UNK: It can't be, bilirubin's normal.
House : Clinical signs can show up days before lab signs.
House : This is great, we should make this a regular thing.
Nurse : She can't feel her foot at all.
Moira : What does this mean?
UNK: Means I've gotta spend more time consulting with a colleague.
UNK: His 17-ketosteroid levels are low. How can he be...
House : He tried to tongue-kiss Park when you were closer.
UNK: Think his sexuality's normal?