Chase : I need more help. My patient has a new symptom, ischemic foot.
Chase : Get the lecture out of your system, so we can talk about my case.
House : Let me start with an allegory...
Chase : Okay, I'm curious...
House : Your overreaction to your stabbing is
House : to blame me even as you're drawn to me.
House : Taub's is to take moronic self-defense classes
House : that won't defend him against anything.
UNK: Krav Mega. Which helped me block your shot,
Taub : and will continue to help me defend myself
Taub : in a building full of drugged-up strangers.
House : Taub has to accept that by instinct and genetics,
House : he is a coward, who's better off running
House : and hiding at the first sign of danger.
Taub : I've already fended off six of your blitzkriegs in a row.
House : And the seventh? And the eighth? And the nth?
Chase : If you get him, what's that gonna prove?
House : That unexpected things happen.
House : By definition, no class can teach you to expect them.
House : Which is why Taub is idiotic to study them,
House : and you're idiotic to attach any significance to them.
House : Blood clot.
Chase : Her D-dimer's normal.
UNK: On the other hand“.
Adams : What if he's right about the blockage, but wrong about the cause?
UNK: Vasospasm.
UNK: Explain everything but the lymph nodes...
UNK: Any minor infection could have caused those.
House : Calcium channel blocker to treat.
UNK: Are you okay?
Chase : I almost got you killed by bringing a scalpel into that room.
Chase : I could feel better about that. You saved my life, too.
Adams : I think the ledger's clear.
Adams : But how can you not be traumatized?
Chase : Can't change what happened.
UNK: I can only make better choices from here.
Adams : So you're Zen about it, but won't let go of your anger toward House.
Adams : I'm seeing a trauma counselor. I think you should, too.
Chase : I'm okay. Just knowing you're there for me is enough.
UNK: The convent lets you have this?
Moira : I borrowed it from one of the nurses.