Moira : I'm still on temporary vows.
Moira : It may be the last time I hear Eminem for a while.
Chase : You're using an iPod, but I've never seen you use rosary beads.
Chase : What day did Jesus die?
Moira : I know, one gospel says Passover, another says the day before.
Chase : How many times did the cock crow before Peter's third denial?
Chase : Once or twice?
Moira : You can't argue away my faith.
Chase : Why'? Because it's so strong even plain contradictions...
Moira : Because it's not that strong.
Moira : I'm not saying I don't have faith.
Moira : I just haven't felt the calling yet.
Chase : No one joins the clergy without having an epiphany.
UNK: Like God's love is speaking to you directly.
Moira : It's the silence, the contemplation, the order.
Moira : I need them.
UNK: I'm hoping everything else will come later.
Chase : That's not an answer. If you want silence, you can get earplugs.
Moira : I tried the outside world. It wasn't enough.
UNK: Have you been married? No.
Chase : No kids? You never found a career?
Chase : Doesn't sound like the outside world got much of a try.
Chase : What you're headed towards now...
UNK: Fourteen hours a day in silent prayer,
Chase : never having a family,
Chase : never touching another human being...
Moira : Just because that's what you'd miss the most...
Moira : The nurses talk.
Chase : Nothing's wrong with having fun.
Moira : They said you were almost killed three weeks ago.
Moira : You go right back to fun?
UNK: Is that why you want to be a nun'? Someone broke your heart?
UNK: No.
Moira : I'm just looking for something more.
Chase : So am I.
Chase : I'm late for work in the clinic.
Chase : Really? George Washingbaum?
Taub : Just hiding out till House leaves the cafeteria.
UNK: Those self-defense classes,
Chase : you think they're making any kind of difference?
Taub : Not as much as House's surprise attacks.
Taub : He thinks three steps ahead, so I do, too.
Taub : Which is why you should accept his apology and come back on the team.
Taub : He's annoying' he's maddening, but he makes us all better.
Chase : Note to self.
Chase : Foot color's good, arterial pulse is good,
Chase : capillary refill's good.
UNK: Sister Joan : And her shoulder pain's all gone.
UNK: Looks like you're ready to go home.
UNK: Sister Joan : I'll get the car and meet you out front.
Chase : I'd say I'm in the book, but not the one you'll be reading from now on.
Moira : Six years ago, I was a nanny in Honolulu.
Moira : For this beautiful two-year-old boy.
Moira : I loved him, probably spent more time with him than his own parents.
Moira : One day, I was in the park, talking with another nanny.
Moira : He wandered out of the sandbox, into the street,
Moira : into the path of a moving car.
UNK: That could've happened to anyone.
Moira : I don't think so.
Moira : And even if it did, they'd blame themselves
Moira : for the rest of their lives, too.
Chase : You shouldn't.
UNK: And you shouldn't run from what can still be a good life.
Moira : I'm running to God.