Wilson : Why am I meeting you here?
UNK: You're paying for my new cane. It was your dog.
Wilson : So, that's it? You call me a coward, life goes on?
UNK: Apparently. You showed up.
UNK: Hey.
House : I'm sorry.
UNK: BELL DINGING
House : You're pathetic. I didn't actually mean that.
Wilson : Yes, you did.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING No, I didn't to infinity.
Wilson : Yes, you did.
House : You're pathetic. Yeah?
UNK: When?
UNK: What did the labs say?
Wilson : Why don't you buy your cane at a medical supply store
Wilson : like a normal cripple?
UNK: Fewer bitching choices.
UNK: Okay. What do you got in bitching?
Salesman : Right this way.
House : That was Cameron. The kid that wasn't all that sick is now all that sick.
House : He's bleeding out of his ears. Blood counts?
UNK: Down.
Wilson : Schistocytes on the smear?
House : His body's not making new blood cells. His bone marrow's crashing.
Matty : This is one of our top sellers.
House : It's a little too Marilyn Manson in a retirement home.
UNK: The meds are suppressing his bone marrow.
Wilson : Or the infection's doing it.
UNK: Pretty cool.
Salesman : Genuine bull penis, stretched over a metal rod.
House : Penis canes are murder.
UNK: Right.
House : Let me see the one on the end.
Salesman : You got it.
UNK: We need to stop Matty's meds.
UNK: If the marrow rebounds, it's the meds. If it doesn't, it's an infection.
Wilson : And if it's the infection?
House : Maybe I was wrong about which kid's gonna die.
UNK: Bitching.
UNK: Flames?
UNK: It makes it look like I'm going fast. Now, how's our dying kids?
Chase : Nick's developed blisters all over his feet and legs.
Chase : He's got grade four Graft-Versus-Host.
Wilson : Increase his dosage of methylprednisolone.
Chase : Already did. It's not working.
House : Feeling guilty?
Foreman : I did the right thing.
House : Always a comfort.
House : Okay, what's the other kid's status?
Wilson : We're done with Nick?
House : God is done with Nick.
House : We know what he has. We know how to treat it.
House : We're doing it, it's not working. Life is for the living.
Chase : Matty's been off his meds for a few hours, but his blood count's still tanking.
Chase : Means the meds aren't to blame. It's the infection.
Cameron : If we don't get this under control, his blood will literally turn into water.
House : Cultures still aren't growing anything.
Foreman : Why not?
House : Because you did the right thing. Convinced the parents to treat the kid.
House : All you did was yank the weed out of the ground.
House : Its roots are still killing their beautiful lawn. We just can't see it.