Foreman : This surgery is dangerous and life-altering,
Foreman : and clearly not in the interest of our patient.
Wilson : It is, if he likes his brother.
Foreman : We have a conflict of interests.
WILSON : The parents don't. FOREMAN : Of course they do.
Foreman : They already sacrificed Matty's health to benefit his brother once.
Wilson : They made his cold worse.
Foreman : We screwed up his heart valve by making his cold worse.
Cuddy : Do you have anything to add to this debate?
House : Wilson's right. Foreman's wrong.
House : Your shirt is way too revealing for the office.
Cuddy : What do you want me to do?
Wilson : We should call child services and have them appoint a guardian for Matty.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Go explain the choices to the parents, and don't let House bully them.
UNK: House.
Cuddy : Did he really think I was gonna do that? I didn't.
Cuddy : Then, why did you let him...
UNK: I'm trying to cut him some slack.
Cuddy : Nice of you.
House : I think he's got the yips.
House : Steve Blass, Scott Norwood, David Duval all got the yips.
House : Great athletes, lost their confidence and immediately started sucking.
Cuddy : And you're giving him time to work through it?
UNK: Four days, and he's fired.
House : You don't get better from the yips.
Scott : Open-heart surgery?
House : If you want both kids to live, it's the only choice.
Wilson : Due to the valve replacement.
Wilson : Matty will have to be on blood thinners to prevent potential clots.
Scott : For how long? Forever.
Wilson : He couldn't participate in contact sports, because of the risk of hemorrhage.
Claudia : What about the marrow registry? Maybe they'll find a match.
House : Maybe they'll ride it here on a unicorn.
Wilson : I'm afraid finding a viable new donor
Wilson : isn't something we can realistically depend on.
Scott : Either we cripple one son, or kill the other.
House : He won't be able to play baseball. That doesn't make him a cripple.
Scott : What should we do?
Wilson : You should protect your family as a whole. You should do the surgery.
House : That was awesome. Shut up.
House : I gotta start pretending to care.
Wilson : I did exactly what Cuddy told us not to do.
House : No you didn't. You did exactly what she told me not to do.
House : You're completely in the clear.
UNK: Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
House : You're actually upset. You just said what you believed.
Wilson : I also believe in patients making their own choices.
House : Because it lessens your guilt if things go wrong.
House : You're not protecting their choices. You're soothing your conscience.
Wilson : By that logic, a sociopath would make the best patient advocate in the world.
House : Am I blushing?
Cameron : You ready?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Thanks.
Matty : You'd do the same for me.
UNK: Don't worry. You'll be fine.
UNK: You think I'll be better in time to pitch in the playoffs?
Claudia : Maybe next season.
Scott : We should have told him.
Claudia : He loves his brother, but if he understood what we were asking of him...
Scott : He loves his brother more than he loves baseball.
Cameron : You did the right thing.
Cameron : Putting any part of this decision on him...
Cameron : It's impossible for you guys to deal with this.
UNK: How's a 10-year-old supposed to do it?
Surgeon : Canula in place.
Surgeon : Sutures are holding.
Surgeon : We're all set to go.
Surgeon : Switch him over to bypass.