Wilson : I don't know.
Foreman : There's got to be a way to better our odds from a 99-percent chance of death.
UNK: You've got to know.
Foreman : It's not food-borne, because no one else in the family is sick.
UNK: You either care about your job, or you don't.
UNK: And Matty's the only one who drank from that water pump in the back yard,
Wilson : If you care, you fight to keep it. If you don't, you quit.
Wilson : I thought they lived in the suburbs.
Foreman : They do. Why?
UNK: And they've got a water pump?
NICK : Please, I... I want to do it.
Claudia : No, Nicky, it's not your decision.
Nick : I'm dying. There's nothing that's gonna change that.
UNK: Hey, hey, hey. Don't say that. Okay? You can't give up.
Nick : It's time for me to go, Dad.
UNK: You got to let me go.
UNK: No.
Scott : Please, son.
Scott : I can't... I can't... I can't!
UNK: Let me do it for Matty. Let me do it for you guys.
Nick : So you won't be alone.
Cuddy : Are you sure?
Scott : No, but he is.
Foreman : Get Nick back to the clean room.
Cuddy : The parents agreed to infect him.
Foreman : We figured out what's wrong with Matty, histoplasmosis.
UNK: Well, what is that? I mean, why did it...
Foreman : Fungal infection. It grows in chicken feces.
Foreman : The dirt that Matty used to build his pitcher's mound
Foreman : must have sat under a chicken coop.
Foreman : Your whole neighborhood was built on top of farmland.
Foreman : We didn't test for it earlier, because we didn't...
Claudia : Can you fix him?
Foreman : Full course of amphotericin and he should be fine.
Scott : And Nick? I mean, can you clean Matty's marrow?
Scott : Just like you were talking about doing it, but do it fast, and get it into Nick.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, the reason Matty is so sick is
Cuddy : because the infection is attacking his marrow.
Cuddy : He doesn't have enough left to safely take from him and give to his brother.
UNK: I'm gonna get better now? That's it?
Wilson : That's it.
Matty : And what about Nick?
Foreman : Your brother was willing to risk his life to save you.
Foreman : Are you willing to do that for him?
Foreman : I can't sedate you. You're too sick.
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: Please, please stop. Please. Please. You're done, right?