Castle : At least we had last night.
UNK: We should've done that four years ago.
UNK: Done what four years ago?
Esposito : Maddox's real name is Cedric Marks.
Esposito : Once he finished his tour,
Esposito : he got a job at a place called Arantus Solutions,
UNK: a kind of a black-ops military contractor.
UNK: How'd all that lead you here?
Esposito : Well, once I got his name, I put a BOLO out on his car.
UNK: A uniform spotted it outside this building.
Esposito : When I came to check on it, that's when I saw your car.
Beckett : Wait, wait, Espo.
Beckett : 523's around the corner. You got an extra piece?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Nice. What about for me?
Esposito : Oh, you mean an extra extra piece?
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : Don't move. Don't even breathe.
Beckett : Reach for it and I'll blow your head off.
Maddox : Okay, Detective, you're in charge.
Beckett : Now slowly reach down and hand me the file.
UNK: No.
Esposito : He's gone.
Castle : Thanks for the warning, Smith.
Beckett : He knew that Maddox would show up here first.
UNK: Cole Maddox : The file.
Gates : So, let me see if I understand.
Gates : As luck would have it, you three were in the neighborhood
Gates : taking a walk.
Castle : Well, many people consider that the best form of exercise.
UNK: It's low-impact, it has...
Gates : Then you heard an explosion, and as concerned private citizens,
Gates : you rushed inside to check it out.
Beckett : Yeah, that's right.
Gates : - Is that how you remember it? - Yes, sir.
Castle : Captain Gates, I can personally vouch for...
Gates : I am not interested, Mr. Castle, as you specialize in fiction.
Gates : Let's say you happened to be in the area.
Gates : How do you explain the fact that Maddox,
Gates : the killer we're searching for, and the man who shot you last year,
Gates : is the one lying there dead?
Castle : Bad karma.
Gates : Detective Ryan,
Gates : do you know anything about this?
Ryan : Just that it appears the safe was rigged to blow when Maddox opened it.
Gates : - And what was in that safe? - Hard to say.
Ryan : Papers of some kind.
Gates : And I don't suppose you know
Gates : what was in those papers and why Maddox was here?
Beckett : Like I said, we were just walking by.
Beckett : We were so close.
UNK: That file would've told us who's at the center of this