UNK: The guy used voice-over-Internet instead of normal cell service.
Ryan : But he made a call in a bad signal area
UNK: that got routed through a wireless network.
Castle : Well, if it's a network, it'll have an IP address.
Ryan : Yeah, and we traced it.
UNK: Um, uh... It's not even in New York.
Beckett : Then where is it?
Ryan : The call went through a wireless network that's registered to
Ryan : a Magellan Yacht Club in Westport, Connecticut.
Beckett : Thanks, Ryan.
Castle : He must be a member at this club.
Castle : Maybe there's a picture of him somewhere posted on the site.
Beckett : Castle. Look.
UNK: On the of counsel attorney list.
Beckett : Now look at the board of directors.
Castle : Michael Smith.
Castle : That's him.
Castle : Maddox found him first.
UNK: Cole Maddox : The file.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : He's still alive.
Castle : - Mr. Smith, can you hear me? - Sir, I'm asking you to step away.
UNK: Cole Maddox : The file.
Smith : She's not safe.
UNK: Eighty-six.
UNK: Eighty-six? What does that mean? I don't know what that means.
Emt : Sir, we have to get him into the ER
Castle : I don't understand.
Emt : - We have to get him to the ER. - What does that mean?
UNK: If Smith makes it, Ryan's gonna put him under police guard,
Beckett : make sure that Maddox doesn't come back and finish off the job.
Castle : Smith just gave me a message.
UNK: He said, "86."
Castle : It must be a clue to where the file is.
Beckett : We know where the file is. It's right there, it's burned to a crisp.
Castle : No, Smith is too smart to only keep one copy in his apartment.
Castle : He's too careful for that. He's...
Castle : It's a code. The answer's here somewhere.
Beckett : We need to go.
Castle : The answer's got to be here. It's somewhere here.
Beckett : Castle, there's nothing left to find.
UNK: Eighty-six could mean anything. You're just grasping at straws.
Castle : Yes, I'm grasping at straws.
UNK: Because if that file is gone,
Castle : that means they're coming after you and there's absolutely nothing I can do.
Castle : So, yes, if there is a straw, I'm grasping.
Beckett : Castle, we're not even supposed to be here.
Beckett : When uniforms come here,
UNK: they're gonna arrest us for breaking and entering.
Beckett : We're running out of time.
UNK: Uh-uh.
Castle : Smith owns property in Lower Manhattan.
Castle : This one, 86, Markwell Street.