UNK: So you're here to apologize for hiding me in your closet?
Castle : Look, let me explain.
Castle : When I heard her voice, I reacted by instinct.
Beckett : Yeah, like the instinct of a sophomore in high school.
UNK: Right.
Castle : - No, look, I... - Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're embarrassed about being seen with me.
Castle : Now that is not true. Look, I...
UNK: This... I... Okay.
Castle : This is all just still very new to me,
Castle : and call me selfish,
Castle : but I want to keep what we have together
Castle : to ourselves a bit longer.
Beckett : Still, it wasn't your finest hour.
UNK: No.
UNK: But maybe I could make it up to you.
UNK: Somehow.
UNK: I suppose since we know that your mom's not gonna be barging in,
UNK: we could go for a round two.
Castle : Well, technically it would be round four, but...
Castle : She's stalking us. She knows.
Beckett : Who is it?
Ryan : Beckett, it's Ryan.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Hide. Quick, in the closet over there.
Castle : Yeah, I'm not getting in there.
Beckett : Why? I hid in your closet, why can't you hide in mine?
Castle : - Why should I? - Because...
Ryan : - Beckett, is everything okay? - Fine!
Beckett : Okay, maybe I'm not ready for anyone to know yet.
Gates : Right now.
UNK: - Come on, how's he gonna know? - You're here, just like I was there.
Castle : Yes. Yes, the difference being I have my pants on.
Castle : Or are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
Beckett : Okay, fine. Just act normal.
Beckett : If that's even possible for you.
Castle : It's me.
UNK: Hey, Castle. What are you doing here?
UNK: Well, I was just walking by the neighborhood.
Castle : I only live 20...
UNK: Uh... What are you doing here?
Ryan : I need to talk to you about the case.
Beckett : Uh... Ryan?
Beckett : No, Ryan, I've resigned. I'm done.
Ryan : I hope this isn't because of Gates,
Ryan : or because of what I did.
Beckett : No! No, look, I get it. You were just trying to keep us safe.
Ryan : I still am.
Ryan : And this guy that threw you off the roof, he's still out there.
UNK: Hey. Ryan.
Ryan : I know what this case has done to you.
Ryan : I'm not asking you to jump back in.
Ryan : I just want to show you something, that's all.
UNK: I found a copy of the photo Maddox took from the wedding album.
Ryan : You're familiar with the guys that Roy ran with back in the day.
Ryan : - Is he one of them? - I've never seen him before.
Castle : I have.
Castle : This is the man I told you about, the one who's been keeping you safe.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Castle : He's older now but it's definitely him.
Ryan : What are we talking about here?
Castle : Whatever information Montgomery gave to him,
Castle : he's been using it to protect you.
Castle : But now they've sent Maddox to hunt him down and get it back.
Castle : If we don't get to him before Maddox does, you will never be safe again.
UNK: This guy who Maddox is looking for, he's the key.
Ryan : We find him, we find Montgomery's file.
Castle : Which could lead to who's behind this whole thing,
Castle : including your mother's murder.
UNK: But in all the times you talked, he never gave you a name,
Ryan : - even a fake one? - No.
UNK: - Or where he worked? Where he lived? - No.