Beckett : and who killed my mom.
Esposito : At least Maddox won't be coming after you.
Beckett : They'll just send somebody else.
Castle : Unless whoever's behind all this doesn't know the file's been destroyed.
Castle : Maybe he thinks it's still in play.
Beckett : I wouldn't bet on that. Would you?
UNK: Shh.
UNK: Whoa!
Ryan : You want to put that thing away?
Esposito : - Well, if it isn't Judas. - Yeah, okay, pal.
UNK: - Wanna give it a break? - Guys, come on.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Ryan : Came to bring you this.
Beckett : Paper from the safe?
Ryan : Now what are we looking for?
Beckett : Names, places, dates,
Beckett : anything that tells us what was in these files
Beckett : and why someone is so desperate to keep it hidden.
UNK: Five hours.
UNK: And all I got is something the size of a playing card.
Esposito : Not only that, it's blank.
UNK: Yeah, well, I got "ending balance" here.
Ryan : I think it's some kind of bank statement.
Beckett : Not just a bank statement.
UNK: Whoa...
Castle : This is part of a money order made out to cash. That could be a pay-off.
Beckett : And whoever it went to is probably our guy.
Castle : - Well, that would make sense. - Yeah? In what way?
Castle : Well, all of this started when Montgomery and his cop buddies
Castle : started kidnapping mobsters for ransom money.
UNK: And we know that someone found out
Beckett : and demanded a cut of that money.
Castle : And whoever that is,
Castle : there's something in this file he does not want to get out.
UNK: Yo, this has numbers on it.
UNK: And it's machine-printed,
UNK: it's an eight-digit string, so it's not a phone number.
Beckett : - Wait a minute. - Oh. That's the...
UNK: Well, this is the back of that money order.
UNK: And these digits, 0-8-6-7-2-2-4-1,
Esposito : that's the account it was deposited in.
Beckett : If we figure out whose account that is, that should give us a name.
Ryan : And I think I know a way.
Ryan : Do you remember when we were checking banking accounts for
UNK: the dirty bomb investigation?
Ryan : We used the Federal Banking database.
UNK: And I still remember the password.
UNK: I'm not sure they even track accounts going back this far.
Beckett : Whoever owns that account is the person that killed my mom.
Beckett : Run it.
Esposito : The account was closed 19 years ago.
UNK: It belonged to a guy named William H. Bracken.
Beckett : You mean Senator William Bracken?
Ryan : According to the bio on his campaign website,
Ryan : Senator Bracken was Assistant District Attorney for New York
UNK: from '88 till '92.
UNK: Kate?
Beckett : I'm fine, Castle.