Beckett : Bracken's timeline fits.
UNK: That's when Montgomery was kidnapping gangsters.
Esposito : Bracken must've heard about what they were doing through the grapevine.
Beckett : And then he realized that he couldn't charge mobsters
Beckett : because they wouldn't testify and then the cops would walk.
Ryan : So, instead, he decided to get in on the action.
Ryan : If they were collecting ransom for mob guys,
Ryan : he wanted a taste in the form of cash money orders.
Castle : Right, but as his political star rose from Congressman to Senator,
Castle : he realized he had to make sure this scandal never came to light.
Beckett : So then people started dying.
UNK: Now, this would explain why he's coming after you right now.
Castle : Word is, Bracken's being groomed to run for President.
Esposito : He's trying to clean house, and you're next.
Esposito : - We need to take him down. - How?
Becket : All we have are a bunch of numbers that are meaningless to anyone but us.
Becket : We have absolutely no hard evidence against him.
Ryan : I may have the next best thing.
Ryan : I just got word that Michael Smith is out of surgery.
Ryan : And he's awake.
Castle : Smith is the key. He can connect all this to Bracken.
Beckett : Okay, Castle and I are gonna go talk to him.
Beckett : You guys see if you can find a link between Maddox and Bracken.
UNK: Ryan call you?
Officer : Yeah, he did.
Smith : You're alive.
Castle : Join the club.
Smith : What about the other file?
Castle : Maddox opened the safe.
Beckett : We put enough of it together to know that Bracken took dirty money.
Smith : Close the door.
Smith : The irony is, he used that money to finance
Smith : his first Congressional campaign.
UNK: We need proof of that,
Beckett : along with anything else that he did.
Smith : There is no proof.
Beckett : Well, there's you. You can testify.
Smith : That will never happen.
Smith : You see, Roy Montgomery once did me a favor.
UNK: So I kept that file and I protected you at great personal cost.
Smith : Because I owed Roy.
Smith : But I don't owe you.
UNK: So you're just gonna let him get away with murder?
Smith : You don't understand, Detective.
Smith : He's protected. Untouchable.
UNK: You're just gonna end up dead.
Smith : And so am I.
Smith : Now, as it is, my best bet is to just
UNK: disappear.
UNK: I suggest you do the same.
Beckett : You know that you know too much.
Beckett : Just like Roy and my mom did.
Beckett : They found you once, they will find you again,
Beckett : and your only bet is to work with me.
Smith : I'm tired. You need to go.
Castle : Okay, thank you.
UNK: Yeah, you just let me know if you figure anything out.
Castle : All right, that was Ryan.
Castle : He said they found no concrete connection
Beckett : - between Maddox and Bracken. - And we won't find one.
Castle : He's too careful.
Castle : Smith is the connection.
Beckett : Yeah, but he won't cooperate, Castle. He's already made that clear.
Castle : This is his only play. He's smart enough to know that.
Castle : He just needs a little bit of encouragement.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Hey, wait. Why aren't you with Smith?
UNK: Dispatch called, told me to stand down.
Doctor : Call it.
Beckett : Wait, wait. What happened?
Nurse : Looks like a heart attack. We did everything we could.
UNK: Senator Bracken : Ladies and gentlemen, I am proud to introduce to you
UNK: Senator Bracken : Vice President of the United States, Mr. John Russell.
UNK: Vice President Russell : Thank you, Senator Bracken.
Beckett : I finally figured out who he is, the guy that killed my mom,
Beckett : and there's nothing I can do about it.
Beckett : Did Ryan talk to you?
Beckett : Did he check those security cameras around Smith's room?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: And?
Castle : The cameras were disabled.
Beckett : Okay. So they're coming for me.
UNK: Ryan's got two teams stationed outside.
Beckett : And what about tomorrow?
Beckett : And the day after that?
Castle : Let me take you someplace, Kate.
Castle : Someplace you'll be safe.
Castle : I'll never be safe.
Castle : Come on.
Ryan : What do you mean she's not here?
Castle : I mean she's not here and she's not answering her cell.
Esposito : I thought you had a detail on her.
Ryan : I did. I do.
UNK: If she would've left this building, they would've seen her.
Castle : Not if she didn't want them to.
Castle : Where's Senator Bracken right now?
Esposito : - Oh, man, you don't think that she... - Just...
Ryan : Yeah, it's Detective Kevin Ryan, badge number 4-2-3-4-4.