Beckett : This was supposed to be over.
Beckett : I can't go back again. Not now.
Castle : Well, now we don't have a choice. If Maddox gets to him before we do...
Beckett : But I don't know how to do this.
Beckett : I'm not even a cop anymore.
Castle : I'll tell you exactly what we do.
Castle : We figure out who this is.
Castle : We've done it before, and with less to go on.
Castle : And when we do, we'll lay all of this to rest
Castle : and we go back to where we were.
Castle : This is what you're great at.
Castle : And I'm not so bad myself.
Castle : So, what do we know?
Castle : We know this guy is about 60. He's a longtime New Yorker.
UNK: Uh... Friends with Montgomery,
UNK: so he may have connections to law enforcement.
Beckett : He, um...
Beckett : He seems prominent.
UNK: Wealthy.
Castle : That's right.
Castle : And he has been that way ever since this photo was taken.
Beckett : - How do you know that? - Look at his wrist.
Castle : That's a Nautilus 3800.
UNK: It was 10 grand when it came out in 1981.
Castle : That's the year Montgomery was married, May of 1981.
Castle : How many of these watches could possibly have been sold in five months?
UNK: Staff Sergeant Cass : Javi, I can't do what you're asking.
Esposito : I took a bullet for you, Cass. You forget that?
Cass : I can't tap into the DOD database without authorization.
Cass : I'll lose everything, man.
Esposito : Only if you get caught.
Esposito : And you won't.
Esposito : I bought this from a liquidator. Cash.
UNK: As soon as we're done, I'll wipe the drive.
Esposito : Ditch the box. It will never come back to you.
Esposito : He's former Army. Special Forces, Delta, I don't know.
Esposito : This guy shot a friend of mine, almost killed her.
Esposito : He's gonna keep coming unless he's stopped.
Esposito : I need to ID him.
Esposito : You need to help me.
Castle : Okay. Yes. Thank you.
Castle : All right, watch company says that 17 of the 3800s
Castle : were sold in New York in 1981 between January and May.
Beckett : And did they give you names of any of these clients?
UNK: No, but nine of the 17 watches
Castle : were given as gifts to a legal team at the law firm of PPC
Castle : after they won a civil suit against Big Tobacco.
Beckett : Winning a tobacco lawsuit would get a lot of publicity.
Castle : With any luck, we'll ID this guy before Ryan even traces that call.
Martha : What do you mean you can't trace the call?
Ryan : Why the hell not?
Ryan : Look, I'm on the clock here. I need to know who made that call now.
UNK: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just put Officer Hoben on.
Ryan : He's the guy I usually deal with over there.
Beckett : Okay, so this is the PPC legal team that won the suit, but I don't see him.
UNK: Well, it was a nine-man team. There's only eight here.
Castle : He must be the missing lawyer.
Beckett : Or he's not a lawyer at all.
Castle : Or he is a lawyer,
UNK: but he operates behind the scenes.
UNK: He would be a "of counsel." Like Michael Clayton.
Beckett : Castle, this photo is 30 years old.
Beckett : We have no idea if this guy still works at that law firm,
Beckett : Or if he ever worked there at all.
Castle : - Beckett. - Bad news.
Ryan : The number the guy called Castle from came from a burner phone
Ryan : and it's out of service.
Ryan : Whoever this guy is, he covered his tracks.
UNK: Look, we put out alerts for Maddox,
UNK: we circulated his photo all over the state.
Ryan : Someone will spot him.
Castle : Well, we can't wait for that.
Castle : Did you get anything?
Ryan : Well, there is one thing, but it's a long-shot.