Bracken : I don't know what this is about but I am not interested in playing games.
Beckett : Well, you better get interested.
Beckett : I have information that will destroy your career,
Beckett : and I will use it unless you do exactly as I say.
Ryan : We need to talk to Senator Bracken.
UNK: Security Man : He's in a meeting with a donor.
Castle : What donor? Where is he?
UNK: Security Man : He didn't say.
Esposito : Who you calling?
Ryan : - Gates? - Um...
Esposito : Put that phone away or I'm gonna break your frigging arm.
Ryan : Javi, we can't let her throw her life away.
Castle : - We don't know she's doing that. - What do you mean?
UNK: You're the one who said she was gonna kill the guy!
UNK: Hey, I know. Yes, that's right, but...
UNK: But she hasn't done that yet, right?
Castle : Look, you make that call, you're labeling her an assassin.
Castle : That's a bell you can't unring.
Castle : So, let's not make that call, not yet.
Castle : All right.
Beckett : That's far enough.
UNK: What do you want, Ms. Beckett?
Beckett : The truth.
Bracken : Never expect that from a politician.
Bracken : Besides, if you really had information, wouldn't you already know the truth?
UNK: Roy Montgomery, McCallister,
Beckett : John Raglan, my mother,
Beckett : everyone that you've ever had killed, I want you to admit to it.
Bracken : Your mother's death was a tragedy,
Bracken : and I am deeply sorry for your loss.
Bracken : But I can't give you what you want.
Bracken : When I was 14,
Bracken : I got to be friends with this boy in the neighborhood, Lamar Dokes.
Bracken : Sweet kid.
Bracken : I used to help him with his homework after school.
Bracken : Well, one day, he doesn't come to school.
Bracken : So I went by his apartment, and the door was open.
Bracken : I walked in.
Bracken : And I found Lamar lying on his mattress, dead.
Bracken : His little sister, the same way.
UNK: His mother was in the bedroom, she had hanged herself.
UNK: Now she left a note. She'd lost her job, she was being evicted...
Bracken : And I thought, how could a woman be so desperate,
Bracken : so without hope that she could crush up pills,
Bracken : put them in hot chocolate and give them to her kids?
Bracken : And that was the moment,
Bracken : the moment I knew I wanted to help make people's lives better.
Bracken : And I have.
Bracken : I strengthened the safety net to protect kids like Lamar,
Bracken : I created jobs in those neighborhoods, I've done great things.
Bracken : Just as you've done great things.
Beckett : Who do you think you're talking to?
Beckett : How can you justify yourself to me?
Beckett : My mother was stabbed in an alley because of you.
Beckett : She bled to death, alone,
Beckett : in a pile of garbage!
Beckett : So save me your campaign speeches about the "great things."
Bracken : You sound a bit delusional, you know?
Bracken : But then again, who are you?
Bracken : You're a disgraced cop obsessed with her mother's murder.
Bracken : And who am I?
Bracken : I'm a decent man looking out for the little guy.
Bracken : That's who the public sees.
Bracken : And every time they elect me, I'm humbled.
Bracken : I strive harder to live up to that ideal.
UNK: I wanna be that man.
Bracken : And I won't let you, or anyone else, get in my way.
Beckett : I don't think you're in a position to threaten, Senator.
Bracken : See, here's what you don't understand.
Bracken : It's not who has the gun,
Bracken : it's who has the power.
Bracken : Do you really think that's you?
Beckett : I have the file.
Beckett : Smith had another copy.
UNK: 0-8-6-7-2-2-4-1,
Beckett : that's the number of the bank account where you deposited the money orders.
Beckett : So you're right.
Beckett : It is about who holds the power.
Beckett : Now, I could release that file and destroy you.
Beckett : But what would that mean for my life expectancy?
Beckett : So here's how it is.
Beckett : The deal that you had with Smith, that's our deal now.
Beckett : And if anything happens to me
Beckett : or anyone that I care about, that file goes public.
Beckett : Am I clear?
Beckett : That's a yes or no question.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : And one more thing.
Beckett : Whoever it is you think I am,
Beckett : whatever it is you think you know about me,
Beckett : you have no idea what I'm capable of, or how far I will go.
Beckett : I am done being afraid.
Beckett : It's your turn now.
Beckett : That's gonna leave a nasty scar.
Beckett : Every time you see it, think of me.
Castle : Kate, tell me you didn't...
Beckett : We reached an understanding.
Esposito : What about your mom?
Beckett : I'll get justice for her, just not today.
UNK: Till then, I'll get it for others.
Gates : Your resignation has been accepted. The matter's settled.
UNK: Sir, I have the top case-closure rate in the precinct.
Beckett : And now that the man that shot me is dead,
Beckett : that particular case will no longer be an issue.
UNK: Really?
Gates : Because it seems to be the gift that keeps on giving.
Gates : I'm told we put a Michael Smith under guard at the hospital.
Gates : What was his role in this?
Beckett : I don't know.
Gates : I don't believe you.
Gates : You're covering for someone and I know who it is.
Gates : But I don't intend to dig up the past
Gates : and tarnish Roy Montgomery's reputation.
Gates : The fact is, I admire your loyalty.
Gates : I hope you feel that for me someday.
Castle : Does that mean I can show up for duty tomorrow?
UNK: "No"? What did she mean, "No"?
UNK: Well, I have to serve out my suspension, same as Esposito.
UNK: What are you gonna do in the meantime?
Beckett : Oh, I'm pretty sure I'll think of something.