Beckett : And I know who did.
UNK: Scott Galloway is in the clear.
UNK: At 7 : 45, when Eva was supposedly attacked,
UNK: he was at his son's basketball game.
UNK: But you said you had proof that Cole didn't kill Eva. What is it?
UNK: Your theory about Scott didn't pan out, but we did due diligence,
Esposito : looked at other people in Cole's life.
UNK: And that's when we found this.
Castle : - Is that Cole's SUV? - It is.
Beckett : Street cams show that Cole was in this house,
Beckett : which is in Scarsdale, from 6 : 00 to 8 : 00 p.m.
Ryan : Therefore Cole Whitfield could not have
Ryan : been the man that you saw attack Eva.
UNK: And here's another fun fact.
UNK: Cole visited that house on a regular
UNK: basis between 6 : 00 and 8 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Whose house is that?
Beckett : Robert James.
Beckett : One of the other executives at Whitfield and Galloway.
Castle : He was at the lunch. But what was Cole doing
Castle : at Robert James' house?
Ryan : Well, he wasn't there to see Robert James.
Ryan : Turns out, he always worked late at the office.
Ryan : But Mrs. James was there.
Castle : Are you kidding?
Castle : Cole was having a second affair with his colleague's wife?
Beckett : Which is probably why he lied about where he was that night.
Esposito : The wife confirmed the affair,
Esposito : but she thought that nobody knew about it.
Castle : Can we put Robert James near the Whitfield house that night?
Esposito : Damn right, we can.
Beckett : Mr. James, uh, thank you so much for coming in.
Robert : Of course. Though, I'm not quite sure how I can help you.
Beckett : Well, you can start by telling me where
Beckett : you were two nights ago at 8 : 00 p.m.
Robert : Well, I work late. I was at the office.
UNK: No, you weren't.
UNK: In fact, this is you at a tollbooth at 7 : 04 p.m.,
UNK: heading to Cole's house in Westchester.
UNK: There is no need for lying here.
UNK: When Eva found out that Cole was sleeping with your wife,
UNK: she came to you with a plan.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : He had betrayed the both of you. You wanted revenge.
Robert : The man looked me in the eye every day,
Robert : and then he went to my home, to my wife?
Robert : He deserved what he got.