Cole : The hell are you doing?
Castle : I was...
Cole : You accuse me of murder, then you come stalking around my home?
Cole : What the hell is your damage, man?
Castle : My damage? Yeah.
Castle : I'm not the one who killed my wife.
Cole : You're insane, you know that? Eva's alive.
Cole : She just called me 20 minutes ago.
Castle : You're a liar.
Cole : Yeah, I wish.
Cole : Because she told me to go screw myself,
Cole : and that she cleaned out our joint bank accounts.
Cole : Yeah, you don't believe me? You can check with my bank.
Cole : While you guys were searching my house,
UNK: the bitch stole $7.4 million from me.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield, is there a problem?
Cole : Yes, this man is harassing me.
Cole : Hey, you'll never prove a thing.
UNK: He...
Beckett : Are you crazy? What were you thinking?
Castle : You saw him last night. He's cocky.
UNK: And what do all cocky men do?
Beckett : Make mistakes.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : Wait. You're talking about me now, aren't you?
Beckett : You're the only witness, and you are ruining your credibility
Beckett : when I'm trying to help you.
Beckett : What if this gets back to Gates?
Castle : I'm just trying to find some proof.
Esposito : Right now, the proof lies with Cole.
UNK: Eva's phone records confirm a call to him at 9 : 35 this morning,
UNK: and there's also that $7.4 million-dollar transfer
UNK: to a Swiss bank account last night.
Castle : Yes! He's creating reasonable doubt.
UNK: Building a narrative that she stole
Castle : from him, that she's on the run.
Castle : That's why we can't find the body. That's his plan!
UNK: Yo, I just got back from the mistress's apartment building.
Esposito : No one remembers seeing Whitfield at all last night.
Castle : Proving he wasn't there.
Beckett : Proving that no one saw him.
UNK: Without a body, we're gonna need
Beckett : something more solid than that.
Ryan : Hey, guess what.
Ryan : Turns out Whitfield was married before, in Los Angeles.
Ryan : Mallory Whitfield.
Ryan : She had an inheritance worth several million dollars.
UNK: Had? Yeah.
Ryan : She died in a hiking accident in Angeles National Forest.
Ryan : Fell into a ravine. Guess who the only witness was.
Beckett : Her husband, Cole.
Ryan : Bingo. The cops tried to make a murder case against him,
Ryan : but he had all the answers.
Ryan : They could never make any of the charges stick.
Ryan : Her entire estate went to Cole,
Ryan : which he used to start his business and build his fortune.
Castle : So he got away with it before, and now he's trying to do it again.
UNK: This was no crime of passion. He planned the whole thing.
Beckett : So, Cole's first wife dies suspiciously,
Beckett : and then the second one disappears.
Ryan : No way that's a coincidence. This guy's a black widow.
Ryan : Or rather, black widower.
Castle : Only this time there's no body.
Castle : He's trying to create the illusion that Eva is still alive.
Esposito : Yeah, and he's going to some major trouble
Esposito : to make that illusion seem real.
UNK: Castle, you've said that Cole Whitfield
Esposito : was at home in Westchester this morning, right?
UNK: That's right, he never left.
UNK: Well, I just got the data back from Eva's phone.
Esposito : The call to Cole pinged off a tower in Manhattan.
Ryan : He must have had someone use Eva's phone to make that call.
Ryan : He's got an accomplice.
UNK: And whoever that is made that call somewhere near 31st and 4th.
Castle : That's where I took those photos.
Beckett : His mistress Taylor lives on that block.
Beckett : If Taylor lied about his alibi,
Beckett : she might have made that phone call.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go and pick her up?
Esposito : Oh, damn! That means I'm gonna have
Esposito : to cancel that lunch date with Stacy, bro.
UNK: No, no, no, don't. You can't.
Ryan : You have to make a good first impression.
Beckett : Oh, for heaven's sake! You know what? Go enjoy your date.
Beckett : Ryan and I will go and get her.
Ryan : I already answered all your questions.
Beckett : And now we have more.
Beckett : Because new information has come to light.
Taylor : What new information?
Beckett : Before we get to that,
Beckett : I'd like to revisit something that you said at our last meeting.
Esposito : You said
Beckett : that Cole was at your apartment
UNK: between 6 : 00 and 8 : 00 last night.
Beckett : Are you still saying that now?
UNK: Yep.
Beckett : None of your neighbors saw him.
Taylor : Well, he's very discreet.
Beckett : Did he tell you to say that he was at your apartment?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Did he ask you to call him from someone else's cell phone?
UNK: Aubrey Haskins : Taylor, don't say another word.
UNK: Aubrey Haskins : Aubrey Haskins, attorney for Ms. McKinley.
Taylor : Wait, who are you?
Aubrey : It's okay. Cole sent me.
Aubrey : I'm general counsel for his company. Just let me do the talking.
Beckett : Taylor, listen to me, if you provided a false alibi,
Beckett : that makes you an accomplice. That means jail.
Aubrey : Accomplice to what, exactly?
Beckett : The murder of Eva Whitfield.
Taylor : Eva's not dead. Cole spoke with her this morning.
UNK: Or he spoke to someone using her cell phone.
UNK: That call pinged off of a tower
UNK: right next to your apartment building at 9 : 35 a.m.
UNK: Detective, unless you have proof...
UNK: Wait. Are you accusing me of making that call?
UNK: I was at work at 9 : 35
UNK: at the yoga studio.
Beckett : Taylor, I've got your schedule.
Beckett : You don't work in the mornings.
UNK: No, but I got called in to cover
UNK: for another instructor who was sick.
UNK: I was there from 9 : 30 a.m. to 11 : 00. You can check that.
Aubrey : We're done here, Detective.
Castle : That was a crafty move.
Castle : Cole sent his in-house lawyer to silence his girlfriend.
Castle : He's keeping this thing contained, in the family.
Ryan : Yeah, but now that Taylor's lawyered up,
UNK: how are we gonna break her?
Beckett : By digging into her story. I'll call her work, check into her alibi.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Hey, partner, how'd the date go?
Esposito : Can we talk about it out here?
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What did you think of Stacy?
Esposito : Oh, man, she was great.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Until I started getting a stalker vibe from her.