UNK: What? Yeah.
Esposito : We were right in the middle of appetizers,
Esposito : and that's when she told me that
Esposito : the blue shorts I was wearing during the triathlon
Esposito : made my legs look sexy.
Esposito : Which is true, but... Right.
Esposito : ...how did she even know I competed,
Esposito : never mind what color shorts I was wearing?
Esposito : And that's when she told me that she saw the photo on my profile.
Esposito : Oh. This is funny to you?
Esposito : You signed me up for Match.com behind my back?
UNK: Well, technically Jenny did. I've only been managing your profile.
Esposito : Did you think I wouldn't find out? I almost arrested that girl.
UNK: Well, we were hoping that you'd be
Ryan : so into her that you'd just let it go.
Esposito : What the hell is wrong with you? I can find my own dates.
Ryan : I know. But you haven't.
Ryan : And the ski weekend is coming up. So, look, look, look,
Ryan : we were just trying to help.
Esposito : I don't need your help.
Esposito : This isn't over.
UNK: Nah.
UNK: The manager at the yoga studio
UNK: verified that Taylor was at work from 9 : 30 till 11 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Then the manager's lying.
Beckett : Castle, she had a classroom full of 30 people.
Beckett : She didn't make that call.
Beckett : But whoever did made sure to do it right by Taylor's building.
Castle : Which means someone wants us to believe it was Taylor.
Beckett : And we would've if she didn't get called into work.
Beckett : Called into work?
Scott : Of course!
Castle : Taylor getting called into work
Castle : is the one thing the person behind this couldn't have foreseen.
Beckett : That person being Cole.
UNK: No.
UNK: No? No.
Castle : Beckett, the murder was staged.
Castle : This whole thing, it's a work of fiction.
Castle : It's a Hitchcock movie with me cast as the witness.
Castle : I'm Jimmy Stewart in Vertigo.
Castle : The reason we haven't found a body is because there is no body.
Castle : Eva's still alive!
UNK: Eva is alive? Castle, that's not
Beckett : what you believed a moment ago.
Castle : Didn't hit me until just now.
Castle : Eva is the one person who would want Cole to look like a murderer,
Castle : and his mistress an accomplice.
UNK: Wait. You saw Cole kill Eva. I mean, you did, didn't you?
Castle : I saw what she wanted me to see.
UNK: That's why she wanted me to drop off the photos that night.
Castle : Eva's been behind this from the start.
Castle : And I'm the gullible PI that fell for it.
Beckett : Why would she go to that length?
Castle : Because Eva wanted more than just out of the marriage.
Castle : She wanted Cole to suffer.
Castle : She set him up.
Castle : He swore that she called him because she did call him.
Castle : She also transferred the $7.4 million
Castle : to the Swiss bank account.
UNK: It's her walking-away money.
UNK: I'm telling you, Beckett, I am right about this.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: When?
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Beckett : Castle, I'm sorry, but...
UNK: No, Beckett. I know it sounds crazy, but Eva is still alive.
Beckett : No, she's not.
Beckett : They found her body in the Hudson. Eva's dead.
UNK: There is no way Eva is really dead.
Castle : In a classic Hitchcockian twist,
Castle : it won't be her body. Mark my words.
Beckett : Then who did we pull out of the river?
UNK: Someone who can pass for Eva.
Beckett : Okay, we'll run her prints.
Beckett : That should clear up whether it's Eva or not.
Castle : Except her prints will be altered. Her face, unrecognizable.
Castle : All part of Eva's plan to commit the perfect crime.
Castle : You'll see.
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : She looks just like Eva.
Lanie : That's because it is Eva.
Lanie : Her prints match. This is your girl.
Castle : No, it can't be.
Lanie : I checked her dental records, too, Castle. It's her.
Lanie : I wish I could tell you it wasn't.
UNK: I take it that the cause of death is blunt force trauma?
Lanie : It looks like a massive skull fracture in the parietal region.
Lanie : But she just came in, so I've only done a preliminary exam.
UNK: Once I've finished my autopsy, I'll give you a call.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Castle, I'm sorry about your friend.
Castle : Yeah, me, too.
Beckett : Now that we have a body, maybe that will give us some leverage.
Ryan : Taylor, we need to talk.
Taylor : My lawyer said not to speak with you.
Esposito : Fine, then just listen.
Ryan : I don't know what Cole told you, but his wife is dead.
Ryan : Her body was found less than two hours ago.
Castle : Oh, my God.
Esposito : Listen, Taylor, if you want to stay out of prison,
Esposito : now's the time to tell us the truth.
Beckett : Ms. Haskins, welcome back.
Beckett : You seem to be representing everyone in this matter.
Aubrey : Before we begin,
Neely : Mr. Whitfield is here only because
Aubrey : you said you have information on his wife's whereabouts.
Beckett : Cole, you said that you spoke with Eva this morning.
Beckett : What did she say?
Cole : She said it was over and that she was leaving town.
Aubrey : Detective, did you find Mrs. Whitfield or not?
Beckett : Oh, we found her.
Beckett : In the Hudson. Murdered by you.
Cole : That's a lie.
Beckett : Taylor gave you up.
Beckett : She said that you weren't with her last night.
Aubrey : You spoke to my client without me?
Beckett : She waived her right.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield, if you weren't with Taylor
Beckett : last night, then where were you?
Aubrey : Don't answer that.
Aubrey : Are you pressing charges?
Beckett : Inevitably, yeah.
Aubrey : Cole, let's go.
UNK: Hey. Hey!
Castle : I know you did it.
Aubrey : Do not speak to my client.
Castle : You killed her. I saw you.
Beckett : Castle. Castle, hey.
Aubrey : Detective, what the hell kind of precinct is this?
UNK: Just take your client and go home.
Beckett : We'll be coming back for you soon enough.
Aubrey : Let's go.
Beckett : Castle, what was that?
Castle : I know, I know. I'm sorry.
Beckett : Castle, you're stressed. Go home and try to relax.
Castle : I'll be fine. I know you will.
Beckett : But right now, you just need to walk away.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, you're right.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Lanie, what do you got?
Lanie : During the autopsy, I discovered
Cole : that Eva's fingernail on her left index
Lanie : had been split down the middle.
Lanie : Wedged in that crack were these three hairs.
Beckett : These hairs must have gotten transferred during the struggle.
Lanie : Most likely.
UNK: Lanie, how fast can you test these?
Beckett : Cole's DNA is still on file
Beckett : from when he was suspected of murdering his first wife.
Lanie : I already ran them, and they're a match.
Lanie : Cole Whitfield is your man.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield!
UNK: Officer Kemp : Mr. Whitfield, we have a warrant for your arrest!
Neely : No answer. Not at the front or the back.
UNK: His SUV is in the driveway.
UNK: Officer Kemp : Should we take the door?
Beckett : There's no need.
Neely : Mr. Whitfield?