UNK: It's exactly what I was gonna say. Good work, boys.
Esposito : You still suck.
Ryan : And you owe us for those tuxedo rentals.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : So, she was on vacation in Arizona? For two weeks?
UNK: Yep.
Beckett : She go with anyone?
UNK: No, but it looks like the whole city-slickers-cowboy thing
Ryan : didn't really agree with her.
Ryan : Whitney cut her trip short after only three days there.
Ryan : She paid for a last-minute ticket change
UNK: for an 8 : 00 a.m. flight out of Phoenix this morning.
Ryan : This morning?
Beckett : So, she was poisoned in Arizona.
Beckett : Somewhere between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. local time.
Esposito : And all indications are that she left in a big hurry.
Esposito : She even forgot to turn in her bunkhouse key.
Beckett : Okay, I need every detail we can get on that place.
Castle : According to this,
UNK: "Diamondback Old West Ranch is a living-history resort,
UNK: "where both staff and guests dress in Old West attire
UNK: "and engage in cowboy activities." This sounds pretty cool!
Beckett : Or not, considering Whitney might've been poisoned there.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : If Whitney flew back today,
Beckett : then she was coming in on the train from JFK
Beckett : when she had that seizure.
Beckett : But the only personal effect that
Beckett : we found at the hospital was her purse.
Beckett : So, where's her luggage?
UNK: Maybe it was left in the subway when the medics took her.
UNK: Well, if something happened at that ranch,
UNK: then there might be evidence of it in her suitcases.
Esposito : I'll look into it.
Ryan : And I'll keep digging in her financials.
Ryan : Maybe there's somewhere else she went in Arizona.
Beckett : And I'll touch base with the local sheriff
Beckett : and coordinate with him on the investigation.
Ryan : Thanks, big boy.
Sheriff : Look, Detective, the way I see it, this is not an Arizona matter.
UNK: Sheriff, we have evidence that Whitney
Beckett : was poisoned in your jurisdiction.
UNK: No, what you have is speculation.
UNK: She could've been poisoned on the plane, or at the airport.
Sheriff : Hell, I wouldn't know where to begin.
Beckett : Well, I'm telling you where to begin. Diamondback Old West Ranch.
UNK: Detective, you gotta understand.
Sheriff : That resort is the lifeblood of our little tourist town.
Beckett : So, this is political?
Sheriff : No, it's personal.
Sheriff : Look, I've got people here. Folks I grew up with.
Sheriff : And I can't just go in and disrupt business.
Sheriff : Until there's some concrete proof.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : I'm sorry.
UNK: Without the sheriff's cooperation,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : there's only so much we can do.
UNK: So, we're just gonna let him get away with this?
Esposito : Kind of like how we let you get away
Esposito : with not inviting us to the wedding?
Gates : Well, at least you were invited to the champagne toast.
Beckett : Sorry, sir.
Gates : Oh, no, no, no. I'm sure it was Mr. Castle's fault.
Gates : Now, regarding the case,
Gates : I'll call the feds and see if they can intercede on our behalf.
Beckett : Sir, that could take weeks.
Beckett : By then, any evidence or witnesses could be long gone.
Ryan : Uh, excuse me, sir. I checked Whitney's financials.
Ryan : She used a car service to get to
Ryan : the airport in Arizona this morning.
Ryan : And I spoke with the driver.
Ryan : He said she seemed upset when she left the ranch.
Esposito : Something happened there.
UNK: Yeah, but we have no way to investigate it.
UNK: Wait.
Alexis : Maybe we do.
Alexis : We do?
Castle : Well, look at this place.
Castle : I mean, it's got beautiful skies, wide open spaces.
Castle : Thrill of the Old West?
Castle : What better place for an impromptu honeymoon?
Castle : For the investigation, of course.
Castle : We could jump on a plane and be there in a few hours.
Beckett : Castle, you cannot be serious.
Castle : We can find Whitney's killer
Castle : and have a honeymoon at the same time. It's perfect.
Beckett : No, Castle, we are not having a honeymoon at a dude ranch!
Castle : Well, then, it can be our cover story.
Castle : We're a newlywed couple with a hankering for the wild frontier, right?
Castle : And, look, Beckett,
UNK: I know you wanna see justice brought to this young woman's killer,
UNK: and this... This is the only way.
Gates : I hate to say this, but your husband may be right.
Gates : This could be our best shot at solving the case.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Excellent.
Castle : Saddle up, honey, because we are honeymooning out west.
UNK: Yee-haw.
UNK: Oh. Whoa.
UNK: Wow. It's like we rolled right into a John Ford movie. Thank you.
UNK: Okay there, hoss. Just remember, we're here for a reason.
UNK: To find Whitney's killer.
Castle : Best honeymoon ever!
UNK: Ew.
Beckett : This is so not our honeymoon.
Castle : I think in the Old West, that was a sign of good fortune.
Beckett : Lucky me.
UNK: Say, y'all must be the newlyweds.
UNK: James Grady : Well, welcome to the Diamondback Old West Ranch, folks.
UNK: James Grady : They call me Gentleman James Grady,
UNK: and I am the proprietor of this here establishment.
Castle : Uh, I am Rick. This is Kate.
Castle : And may I just say, this place is amazing.
Beckett : Yeah, very authentic.