UNK: Esposito, Ryan! Hyah!
UNK: Whoa, whoa.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: Yavapai Elder : You're rolling up to the reservation
UNK: Yavapai Elder : dressed like extras from a Gene Autry movie?
UNK: Yavapai Elder : That's some real cultural insensitivity.
Beckett : Sorry. Sir, we didn't mean any offense.
UNK: We're vacationing at Diamondback.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : Yeah, I figured that. I was just messing with you folks.
UNK: Relax.
Castle : He got me. Welcome.
UNK: Whew!
Castle : Well, I'm Rick. Yes.
Castle : This here is Kate. And we are on our honeymoon.
Castle : - Ain't we, honey? - Yeah, we sure are.
Beckett : So, we met a guest at Diamondback. Her name was Whitney.
Beckett : She said that she came out here
Beckett : and she discovered some breathtaking views.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : Yeah, sure. I remember Whitney. Nice girl.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : She came out a few days ago riding an Appaloosa.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : But she wasn't interested in the scenery.
Castle : Really? What was she, uh, interested in?
Beckett : Did it have anything to do with dynamite?
UNK: Yavapai Elder : Dynamite? No, she just had a question about a Yavapai word.
Castle : What word was that?
UNK: Aha gah hel'lah. She wanted to know if it could be misinterpreted.
Castle : Seems an odd question. Not really.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : Many of our words change depending on the context.
UNK: "Aha gah hel'lah" means "river."
UNK: Yavapai Elder : But sometimes it means "stream."
Beckett : Why would she want to know about that word?
Doctor : I have no idea.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : But Whitney was happy with my answer.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : She thanked me and left.
Castle : And that was it? I don't get it.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : Well, I don't get newlyweds dressing
UNK: Yavapai Elder : up like cowboys on their honeymoon.
UNK: Yavapai Elder : But I try not to judge.
Castle : You know, the more we learn about Whitney,
Castle : the less I understand about what she was up to.
Beckett : Yeah. I mean, the Historical Society,
Beckett : the Yavapai word, the dynamite.
Beckett : How does all of that add up to someone poisoning Whitney?
Beckett : It just doesn't make sense.
Castle : What else doesn't make any sense is, we're married,
UNK: and we're not acting like it.
UNK: Hmm, what do you got in mind, cowboy?
Castle : Admit it. You're impressed.
Beckett : Yeah, you're right. I am.
Beckett : This is actually kind of magical.
Castle : To us. To the journey, and to what lies ahead.
UNK: What?
Esposito : You know, maybe this is our honeymoon.
UNK: Hmm?
Becket : Castle, don't move.
Castle : Your wish is my command.
Beckett : No, I'm serious. Don't move an inch.
UNK: Ahhh! What...
Gates : Oh, no.
Lanie : No, no! No, no, no!
Castle : Espo! Ryan! Come back!
Castle : Guys, no! Come back!
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Well, you were right before.
Beckett : This is so not our honeymoon.
Grady : Well, thank goodness!
Grady : We were fixing to put together a posse
Grady : to go searching for the two of you.
Beckett : Yeah, sorry, Mr. Grady.
Beckett : We tried to call you, but we couldn't get a signal in the hills.
Grady : Your horses came back hours ago. What happened up there?
Castle : We met a namesake of your ranch.
UNK: Oh, a rattler.
Grady : Yeah, well, why don't you mosey on over to the cantina
UNK: and strap on a feed bag and get some fresh jitter juice in you.
Beckett : Yeah, I think we'll do that.
Castle : Yeah, just as soon as we get on some fresh union suits.
UNK: Yee-haw.
Gates : You found our victim's suitcases?