Ollie : I knew it! Look, everything that woman said to you was a lie.
UNK: Daisy May : Ollie! What in tarnation! Mister, are you okay?
Castle : You thought that was real?
UNK: Yes! Ollie, up high!
UNK: He... You asked him to throw you out?
Castle : Yeah. Like, Old West style.
Castle : - Ollie's been... - He's all, "Yeehaw," and...
UNK: Well, all righty, then. As long as you're enjoying yourself.
UNK: Damn!
UNK: That could've cost me my job. Look, mister, I'm sorry.
Castle : Save it. You want my silence? Tell me about Whitney.
Castle : What happened between you two?
Ollie : Look, she came on to me. Started flirting, getting all handsy.
Ollie : A bunch of the boys saw us and figured we hooked up.
Ollie : But we didn't, I swear it.
Ollie : In fact, I think she was just after my ranch key.
Ollie : Ranch key?
UNK: It's on a snake key chain.
Ollie : I think she picked it off me when she was pawing at me.
Castle : What does the key open?
Ollie : The ranch shed.
UNK: I mean, you're saying that she stole your key
Castle : to open the ranch shed? What's in the shed?
UNK: Nothing. Just ranch supplies.
Castle : I don't get it. Why would Whitney steal a key to this place?
Beckett : I don't know, but clearly it has nothing to do with the affair.
Castle : Right, so what was she after?
Beckett : Castle, do you remember how Lanie said
UNK: that she found traces of wax-covered cardboard
Esposito : under Whitney's nails and in her waistband?
Beckett : Yeah, so?
UNK: So, you know what's wrapped in wax-covered cardboard?
UNK: Dynamite.
Beckett : She broke in here to steal sticks of these.
Castle : Ranchers use dynamite to clear their land.
Castle : What the hell was Whitney using it for?
Ryan : Is there any indication why Whitney would steal dynamite?
Beckett : Not yet, but Castle and I have been
UNK: re-tracing every move she made,
UNK: starting with that horseback-riding tour that she snuck away from.
UNK: Well, any idea where she was going?
Beckett : I asked around,
Beckett : and apparently, the trail that she took
Beckett : led to the Native American reservation.
Esposito : Wait a minute. It wasn't the Yavapai Reservation, was it?
Beckett : Yeah. How'd you know?
Ryan : The Historical Society.
Ryan : Whitney was looking up obscure documents and maps
Ryan : from the late 18th, early 19th century.
Esposito : Yeah, most of them had to do
Esposito : with the construction of a dam near the Yavapai Reservation.
Beckett : Well, did anyone know why she was researching that area?
Esposito : No, but it's probably the reason
Esposito : she went out there in the first place.
Ryan : But it doesn't explain why Whitney needed dynamite,
Ryan : or why she was poisoned.
UNK: Look, it's all gotta be related.
Beckett : Castle and I are headed up to the
Beckett : reservation to get some answers now.
UNK: Uh, guys, I gotta go.
UNK: Whoa, whoa. Ho, ho.
Castle : Hey there! Beckett, meet the boys.
UNK: This one's Esposito, I'm calling
Castle : the little one Ryan. You ready?
Beckett : Uh, Castle, when I asked you to find us a ride,
UNK: I was thinking of something more along the lines of a pickup truck.
UNK: The reservation's 15 miles away. This is gonna take forever!
UNK: Yeah, well, what can I tell ya?
UNK: Everything here is authentic Old West.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Couldn't resist, huh? Just had to get a six-shooter.
Castle : Right? Isn't it great?
Castle : And it gets better.
UNK: I got you one, too. It's a wedding gift. His-and-her matching set.
UNK: And who said romance dies after you say, "I do"?