UNK: Friends, thank you for coming on such short notice.
UNK: Well, it's times like these I'm reminded of Shakespeare,
UNK: who wrote, "It's not in the stars..."
UNK: Ah, ah, ah. He also said, "Brevity is
UNK: the soul of wit," so get to it, darling.
UNK: Yeah, okay. We just returned from the Hamptons and...
UNK: We got married! We got married.
UNK: Yes!
Ryan : Why did you do that? You guys suck.
UNK: Okay, hold up, hold up. You couldn't...
Lanie : No, no, no.
Lanie : You guys jumped the broom and didn't invite us?
UNK: It was spur-of-the-moment. Spur.
Martha : Oh, and it was perfection.
UNK: I mean, you should've been there. It was fire and love.
Martha : At one point, there were all these doves that just soared into the...
Alexis : Gram? Gram, maybe we don't rub it in.
Alexis : Let's go get you another drink.
UNK: Oh, drink. Okay. Yeah, come on.
Lanie : Hold this.
Lanie : I am your maid of honor.
Lanie : I haven't had a carb in months,
Lanie : just in case I had to put that damn dress back on.
Beckett : And you look great. Save the flattery.
Lanie : Kate, you owe me dinner.
Lanie : I'm picking the restaurant, and we're ordering all the desserts!
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : Oh, girl, you're married!
Lanie : Come here!
UNK: Ow.
UNK: Guys.
Castle : - Guys, come on! - No.
Esposito : We were really looking forward to this for a long time, too, Castle.
Esposito : We had a speech prepared and everything.
Ryan : Oh. Plus, we wrote that song. Yeah.
Castle : Seriously, you wrote a song?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : We're planning a little reception.
Castle : You guys could do the song at the reception.
UNK: No song for you.
UNK: You had your chance.
UNK: Guys, we're gonna have to cut the celebration short.
Beckett : There's been a murder.
UNK: Really? We didn't get that call.
Ryan : Once again, not invited. Cheers!
Beckett : Fine. We'll meet you at the precinct.
UNK: Well, it could've been worse.
Beckett : It still might be. Who knows what
Beckett : they're doing to our place right now.
UNK: You heard what you just said? "Our place." Our.
Castle : We're married. We did it, Mrs. Castle.
Beckett : We certainly did, Mr. Beckett.
UNK: Although, this arguably isn't the most
UNK: romantic post-wedding activity.
Castle : Or perhaps it's fitting, considering how we met.
Castle : But you bring up an excellent point. The honeymoon.
UNK: Yes, about the exotic island getaway.
UNK: It... It's gonna have to wait.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Because when you went missing,
Beckett : I used up all of my vacation days looking for you.
Castle : So, no honeymoon?
UNK: Mmm. Not for a while, I'm afraid.
Castle : So, instead of Mai Tais, we get murder.
UNK: Great. No, it'll be great.
Emt : Whitney Williams. She went into
UNK: convulsions, then cardiac arrest.
Doctor : We couldn't bring her back.
Castle : And her last words were "Diamondback"?
Castle : What does that mean? I have no idea.
UNK: And she believed that she was a victim of foul play?
Doctor : Yes, and so do I.
Doctor : We ran a full blood workup, and
Doctor : it came back with high traces of digoxin.
Castle : That's a heart medication.
Doctor : Derived from the foxglove plant.
Doctor : According to our pathologist, this was unpurified digoxin.
Doctor : Taken directly from the plant, it's lethal.
Beckett : So, she was poisoned.
Beckett : Any way to tell how long ago she ingested the foxglove?
Doctor : We're estimating 10 to 14 hours.
Beckett : Have you contacted the next of kin?
Doctor : I thought you would wanna handle that.
Doctor : This is her In Case of Emergency card.
Esposito : Thanks for coming in, Mr. and Mrs. Dagmar.
UNK: Philip Dagmar : Well, since her mom passed,
UNK: Philip Dagmar : I suppose we're the closest thing to family that Whitney has.
UNK: Lenanne Dagmar : She was our first Dagmar scholar.
UNK: Lenanne Dagmar : Dagmar scholar?
Philip : We sponsor disadvantaged children.
Philip : Send them to the finest schools.
Ryan : The poisoning occurred between 10 and 14 hours ago.
Ryan : Do you happen to know where Whitney was,
Ryan : or who she was with at the time?
UNK: No.
Lenanne : The last time we saw her was a week
Lenanne : ago, when she came over for supper.
Ryan : Did she mention if she was having problems with anyone?
Ryan : Perhaps at work?
Lenanne : She did say she was going to take some time off from her internship.
Esposito : Do you know why?
Lenanne : Her mother's death was recent.
UNK: Whitney said she needed some time to get over the loss.
UNK: Does the word "Diamondback" mean anything to either of you?
UNK: No. No, I'm afraid not.
UNK: Okay, "Diamondback."
UNK: I have whittled it down to three possibilities as to what that means
Castle : and why Whitney would utter it with her dying breath.
Beckett : And I am sure that none of them will be a waste of my time.
UNK: Possibility number one,
UNK: it's the password for a murderous
UNK: underground snake-handling fight club.
UNK: Granted, that's probably not what it means,
UNK: but it might be the basis for my next Nikki Heat novel.
UNK: Possibility number two, she was killed
UNK: by the Marvel character, Diamondback,
UNK: whose special skill was throwing diamond-shaped spikes
UNK: filled with poison.
Castle : Third possibility...
UNK: It's a dude ranch in Arizona.
Ryan : We struck out with the Dagmars,
Ryan : but we found an e-mail to Whitney
UNK: from a "Diamondback Old West Ranch,"
UNK: confirming a two-week stay in bunkhouse number 14.
Castle : Old West dude ranch. That's my number three.