Esposito : Yes, sir. Our BOLO got a hit on the homeless guy
Esposito : who took them from the subway.
UNK: Inside, Whitney's research.
Ryan : And something we haven't seen before. A letter.
Esposito : There's no return address, but it's
Esposito : got an Arizona postmark dated 1992.
UNK: A 20-year-old letter?
UNK: "Slim, in care of Rebecca Doolin."
Gates : A Jersey address.
Esposito : We're hoping to track down Ms. Doolin so we can get some answers.
Ryan : The letter's from a guy named Clyde.
Ryan : We assume that the photograph is him.
Gates : It says here that Clyde was a seasonal worker at Diamondback.
UNK: Yeah, 20 years ago, before the place was a resort.
Ryan : But here's the interesting part.
Ryan : In the letter, Clyde goes on about how he and a guy named Dutch
Ryan : were close to figuring out some big secret.
Castle : What big secret?
Ryan : It doesn't say. But Clyde wrote,
UNK: "I just need a few more weeks, Slim.
UNK: "Dutch and I are so close.
UNK: "It all comes down to a mistranslation of a Yavapai word."
Castle : Let me guess. "Aha gah hel'lah"?
Beckett : Yeah. How'd you know?
Castle : It's the same word Whitney was asking the Yavapai elder about.
Ryan : Well, Clyde goes on to write,
UNK: "I can hardly believe that one little old word
UNK: "is the key to the secret of the Peacock boys.
UNK: "As soon as I find it, I'm coming on home to you. Love, Clyde."
Marshall : The Peacock boys. How do I know...
Castle : They're wanted men! Cornelius and Percy Pea...
UNK: ...cock.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, any idea who those people in the letter are?
Ryan : No, but Javi's trying to track down
Ryan : the lady who the letter was sent to.
Ryan : I'll keep you posted.
Castle : Yes, posted... Keep...
UNK: Keep us post... Thank you. Thank you, Ryan.
Beckett : Eyes back in their sockets, cowboy. We got a murder to solve.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Now, who is this Clyde fellow, and why did our victim have his letter?
Beckett : And what does any of this have to do with the Peacock boys?
Castle : Good questions, and I know who has the answers.
Ryan : You do?
Castle : The same person who always has the answers in Westerns.
Castle : The affable, all-knowing barkeep.
Bartender : Train robbers.
Bartender : Held up the Southern Pacific back in 1893.
UNK: Made off with 50 bars of US Treasury gold.
UNK: Gold?
UNK: 24 karat AU, feller.
UNK: The Peacock boys, they outran a whole squad of soldiers
UNK: by traversing Deadman's Gorge.
Bartender : Two days later, they was gunned down just outside of Phoenix.
Bartender : But the gold was gone.
Beckett : And no one knows anything about it?
Bartender : There were rumors.
UNK: 1947, the missionaries started writing down
Bartender : the old stories of the Yavapai people.
Bartender : One of them was about Black Fox,
Bartender : just a kid abducted by them Peacock boys.
Bartender : Forced him to be their guide.
Bartender : But during their journey, they stopped,
UNK: and they tied poor Black Fox to a tree just south of the river.
UNK: And they rode off in their gold-laden wagon.
Bartender : But when they returned,
Bartender : it was empty.
Marshall : The Peacock brothers stashed the gold.
UNK: Well, that's what everybody thought.
UNK: 'Cause when the story surfaced,
Bartender : treasure hunters, they came a-coming.
Castle : Anybody ever find it? Nope.
Bartender : And that's why this is just another legend of the Old West.
Castle : Whitney was after the gold.
Castle : What if when those missionaries wrote down Black Fox's story,
Castle : they wrote it down incorrectly?
Castle : That Yavapai word has two meanings, remember?
Castle : What if the Peacocks didn't stash the gold near a river?
Castle : What if they stashed it near a stream?
Beckett : Castle! Look at these maps from Whitney's research.
UNK: In 1893, there was a small stream north of the river.
Beckett : And then, in 1920, it was dammed off.
UNK: Wait, that means all those years,
Castle : everyone was looking for the gold
Castle : in the wrong place. In the wrong place!
Bartender : That's why Whitney needed the dynamite.
UNK: To blast open whatever hiding place it was in.
Castle : But what do you do when you discover 50 bars of gold?
Castle : Fly it home in your carry-on? 'Course not.
Castle : So, she left it there, she went back to New York for help.
Castle : But perhaps the killer caught onto her,
Castle : poisoned her to silence her and to keep the gold for themselves.
UNK: When Whitney went home, she was upset.
Beckett : Does that sound like someone who just found gold?
UNK: Okay. Hmm, you got me there.
Castle : But if Whitney was searching for the gold
Castle : and the killer tracked her, there could be clues.
UNK: You keep assuming that the gold's still out there.
Beckett : Don't forget, Clyde and Dutch were looking for it.
Beckett : They might have found it.
Castle : Not if they didn't have those old maps that Whitney had.
UNK: You just wanna go after the gold.
UNK: Of course I wanna go after the gold! It's gold!
Castle : Okay, look.
Castle : If we use Whitney's research,
Castle : we may find Whitney's killer, too.
Castle : Come on, Beckett. What do you say?
UNK: Rebecca Doolin : Yeah, that's me.
UNK: Rebecca Doolin : But I haven't lived at this address in years.
Esposito : Rebecca, who is Slim?
Rebecca : She was a friend of mine. Her real name's Virginia Williams.
Esposito : Wait, does she have a daughter named Whitney?
UNK: Well, Virginia was pregnant with Whitney when she stayed with me.
Rebecca : Virginia was a real mess back then.
Beckett : How so?
Rebecca : Knocked up, no money, no prospects.
Rebecca : Virginia got so fed up with getting letters like these,
UNK: she finally wrote Clyde a "Dear John" letter and moved on.
Esposito : Wait, are you saying that Clyde is Whitney's father?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Do you have any idea where Clyde is now?
UNK: It's been 20 years. How would I know?
UNK: Whitney must've found Clyde's letters after her mother passed.
Castle : Yeah, and that's what started her quest.
UNK: Now, according to the map,
Castle : the stream used to be right around here.