Beckett : Yeah, but then his buddy Dutch double-crossed him.
Beckett : Dutch took the gold for himself,
Beckett : left his blood-stained shirt behind...
Castle : And if he killed once,
Castle : what's to stop him from killing again to protect his secret?
Castle : Wait. If Whitney found her murdered father,
Castle : why not just go straight to the sheriff?
Castle : Why take the first flight home?
Beckett : To confront her father's killer.
Beckett : Dutch was just his nickname. Castle, look.
Beckett : There's a laundry tag on this shirt. It has the initials "P.D."
UNK: Philip Dagmar.
Dagmar : I had nothing to do with Whitney's death.
Ryan : Are you sure about that, Mr. Dagmar?
UNK: Or should we call you "Dutch"?
Ryan : We checked your phone records.
Ryan : There was a call from the ranch pay phone to your cell phone
Ryan : the morning of Whitney's murder.
Esposito : She called you, didn't she?
Esposito : What did she say?
Dagmar : That she was flying home. She needed to speak with me in person.
Esposito : Why didn't you tell us this before?
Dagmar : Because it makes me look guilty.
Esposito : You're right. It does.
UNK: I bet you've still got connections
UNK: in that one-horse town, don't you?
Dagmar : Why would I kill Whitney?
Esposito : Because she knew about your secret, Dutch.
Esposito : We found Clyde's skeleton.
Ryan : The skeleton you left when you took those 50 bars of gold.
Grady : So, you're saying that the story about
Marshall : the Peacock boys and the gold is true?
Castle : Yep, and someone found out the hard way.
UNK: Daisy May : Well, that's not gonna be good for business.
Sheriff : Now, don't you worry none.
Sheriff : All that nonsense is from long before y'all bought the place.
UNK: It's not gonna scare anyone off. And I'll make sure of it.
UNK: We appreciate that, Sheriff.
UNK: Jimmy, I sure could use the ranch's ATVs to get up to this mine.
UNK: Of course. We got two of them. They're all yours.
UNK: Daisy May : Come on, I'll take you to them.
Sheriff : Detective, would you mind showing me the way?
Beckett : Not a problem.
Beckett : Try to stay out of trouble while I'm gone, Castle.
Castle : Where's the fun in that?
UNK: Sounds like you've had a hell of a day, son.
UNK: Wanna bend an elbow and tell me all about it?
Grady : Drinks are on me.
Dagmar : I did the best I could for Whitney, all these years.
Dagmar : But she wanted to find out what happened to her father.
Dagmar : God, I can't believe she found him.
Esposito : And when she did, you knew exactly what to do, didn't you?
Ryan : So you hired someone to poison her...
Dagmar : No, I didn't kill Whitney.
Dagmar : But I think I know who did.
UNK: Come on, Dutch. We know it was you.
Dagmar : Clyde and I couldn't find the location of the old stream,
Dagmar : so we enlisted the help of someone who grew up in the town.
Dagmar : Clyde and I planned to turn in the gold
Dagmar : and collect the finder's fee from the Treasury.
Dagmar : But our new partner disagreed.
Dagmar : They fought, and Clyde fell, landed on a rock,
Dagmar : and hit his head.
Dagmar : He was dead in minutes.
Dagmar : That's when I sold my soul.
UNK: For 25 bars of gold.
Ryan : Mr. Dagmar, who was your other partner?
UNK: Smooth.
Castle : Oh, excuse me.
UNK: Ah.
Castle : Ryan, they didn't have mobile phones in the Old West,
Castle : so you're kind of killing the vibe and my buzz.
Ryan : Listen, is Beckett with you?
Castle : No. Why?
Ryan : I've been calling and texting. She's not answering.
Castle : Oh, she's on an ATV.
Castle : She probably can't hear her phone. What's up?
Ryan : There was a third partner. He's the killer.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : The sheriff?
Ryan : No, it's James Grady.
Grady : Well, I guess this is goodbye.
Castle : Grady, stop!
UNK: Who's gonna make me, son? You?
Castle : Look, Grady, you, uh... You kill me,
Castle : that's just another murder you're gonna have to answer for.
Grady : Not if I make it to Mexico first.
Castle : I can't let that happen.
Grady : You've got sand, boy, I'll give you that much.
UNK: Why don't you sit on down and have another drink?
Castle : Come on, son, think of your wife.
Lanie : I am.
Castle : Well, then,
UNK: you've got a hankering for a residence in the bone orchard,
Grady : I'll accommodate you.
Grady : Any last words?
Castle : Yeah. If I survive this,
Castle : I'm giving this place a scathing review on Yelp.