UNK: Oh, that's what you jackaroos came for, ain't it?
UNK: The legend and, dare I say, romance of the Old West.
UNK: Now, these brochures in your hands
UNK: detail all the activities that we have to offer here.
UNK: From cattle driving to nature walking, we got it all.
UNK: And my friendly staff of ranch hands,
UNK: uh, they're the ones in the red bandanas
UNK: in the brochure and all around here,
UNK: they will guide you through any adventure your hearts desire.
UNK: So, shall we begin?
Beckett : Actually, we just got in on the red-eye,
UNK: and hoping to check into our room.
Grady : No problemo.
Grady : Seeing as you're newlyweds,
Grady : I upgraded you to a suite in our Grand Hotel.
Castle : Oh. Well, we're much obliged.
UNK: Yeah, sure are,
Beckett : but we were looking for a more authentic experience,
UNK: and we're kind of hoping to stay at one of the bunkhouse rooms.
Castle : Whatever the little lady wants.
Grady : I can see who wears the 10-gallon hat in your house.
UNK: Yeah and, um, Mr. Grady, I know that this sounds silly,
UNK: but my lucky number is 14. Is that room available?
UNK: Uh, Daisy Mae! Daisy Mae! We need you, dear.
Grady : That's my missus.
Grady : Like yours, she runs the show here.
UNK: Hon, uh, these lovebirds wanna stay in bunkhouse 14. Is it vacant?
UNK: Daisy May Grady : Sure is. But why? It's a single room with a twin bed.
Castle : Oh, that's okay. We're, uh... We're cuddlers.
UNK: Yeah. Well, all righty, then.
UNK: But first, folks, we gotta get you out of those bibs and tuckers.
UNK: Ooh-hoo! Whee.
Grady : Take a look at this belvedere.
Castle : I do look good, don't I?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : This is like three fantasies coming true all at once.
Castle : Only thing missing is...
UNK: Gentleman James, where do we get the replica guns?
Grady : Like yours?
UNK: Replica?
Grady : Son, this is Arizona. It's open carry.
Grady : Say, do either of you two know what's quicker than lightning?
UNK: What?
Grady : This gun tamed the Wild West.
Grady : Colt .45 Single Action Peacemaker.
UNK: I wanna be him when I grow up.
Beckett : Well, yeah, if you grow up.
Grady : It's all about practice.
Grady : Which you can do with one of our firearms
Grady : available for purchase at our gift shop.
Grady : In fact, why don't we mosey on over?
Beckett : Yeah, uh, Mr. Grady, you know what? Maybe later.
Beckett : Right now we're both a bit knackered,
Beckett : so we were hoping to go to our room.
Grady : So glad you're staying with us. Much obliged, ma'am.
Grady : Much obliged, ma'am.
Beckett : We were wrong.
Beckett : The key that Whitney had with her wasn't her room key.
Castle : Well, then what does it go to?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: Here's 14.
Castle : Oh, wait. Whether we like it or not, we are on our honeymoon.