Mom : - What is happening? - Wait outside.
UNK: Get him oxygen. Start him on an IV drip of sodium nitroprusside.
Chase : Get them outside!
Chase : He's in ICU. Systolic is hovering around 170.
Chase : I left instructions to lower it slowly so we don't risk hypoperfusing his organs.
UNK: The trade-off being that leaving his blood pressure that high risks stroke,
UNK: - M. I., and blindness. - I'm open to suggestions.
House : Solve the case.
UNK: - Kidneys could explain... - Kidneys are clean.
UNK: Tell me he's a mutant/human hybrid.
Foreman : It is a bleeding disorder. Clancy tested positive for Von Willebrand's.
Chase : I didn't screw up.
Chase : How could he clot on his own two out of three times?
Cameron : - Maybe he cheated. - Right.
Chase : Kids always cheat on their bleeding time tests.
House : She was being metaphorical. She's trying to sound like me.
House : I have no idea what you meant, but I could smell what the Rock was cooking.
Cameron : I meant he's clotting right now and he's in hypertensive crisis.
Cameron : Maybe the two are related.
Cameron : What if he was hypertensive the other two times that he clotted?
House : Hypertensive crisis can activate clotting factors.
UNK: Someone low on Von Willebrands could theoretically clot.
Chase : And the first time Clancy clotted, he was all worked up recounting
Chase : his alien abduction. He could have easily been hypertensive.
House : I know I get worked up when I cut micro- chip tracking implants out of my neck.
Cameron : - Sounds like a cheat to me. - Yeah, we get it.
House : Okay, what's the differential for seven-year-old boys
House : suffering multiple hypertensive crises?
Chase : We think the problem is in your son's heart.
Chase : We need to do a procedure called a transesophegeal echo.
Dad : Okay, and that will fix his heart?
Chase : That will tell us where the problem is. Hopefully.
Chase : Then we can fix him.
UNK: Listen...
Chase : this isn't really part of my job, but...
Chase : he's worried that you think he's crazy.
Mom : Well, isn't he?
Chase : There are still plenty of other explanations for what's going on.
Chase : It's important he knows you believe in him.
Chase : Even if you don't.
Foreman : It's clean. His heart isn't the problem.
UNK: Why don't I have a hi-def in my office?
House : I'm a department head.
Chase : - There are no structural defects. - Valves are intact.
House : Tissue characterization is impossible when the pixels are the size of Legos.
House : See, this is what I'm talking about.
UNK: Foreman, you gotta steal this thing for me.
Foreman : Let me ring up one of the homies.
Chase : The clearer the image, the clearer it is that there are no masses,
Chase : no clots, no tears. The problem's got to be somewhere else.
House : We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Foreman : You're wrong, House.
Chase : Think he'll make us break into the IMAX before he admits it?
Wilson : - There. - Where?
House : Right there. Left side. No movement.
House : Well, don't freeze it.
House : Something's not moving. How do you see something not move if nothing's moving?
UNK: I need a laser pointer.
Cameron : - We don't have a laser pointer. - Well, why not?
UNK: Who's gonna take us seriously if we don't have a laser pointer?
UNK: Right...
UNK: here.
House : A few thousand myocytes not beating with the rest.