Wilson : Where's the sweat and the B.O.?
Wilson : You've taken such pride in bathing us all in your musk.
House : - Showered at home. - And yet you're earlier than usual.
House : Is this an intervention?
House : It's a little late, since I'm not using drugs anymore.
House : I am, however, still hooked on phonics.
UNK: If you did your morning run and showered at home, you'd be later than usual.
House : Thought of you in the shower.
Cuddy : How's your leg?
Cuddy : You seem to be favoring your left side.
House : I was hanging down my right pant leg yesterday.
House : - Makes all the difference in the world. - You've taken the stairs every day.
UNK: - Did I need a restraining order? - You slack on your rehab,
Cuddy : the muscle will weaken. And your leg will hurt again.
Wilson : Looks like the Ketamine treatment might not stick.
Cuddy : Or maybe we've made him depressed because we're lying to him.
Cuddy : - Telling him he got that case wrong. - We didn't hurt him. The pain isn't...
Cuddy : He gets depressed, he stops exercising.
Cuddy : He stops exercising, the muscle atrophies.
Cuddy : The muscle atrophies, the pain returns.
UNK: Maybe he stopped exercising because the giant hole in his leg actually hurts.
Cuddy : The Ketamine could work perfectly
Cuddy : and he would still be back on his cane popping Vicodin again.
Wilson : You can't tell him.
UNK: He got lucky. There was no medical...
Cuddy : He was right.
Wilson : We tell him he was right, and we're feeding his addiction.
Wilson : Without Vicodin, he's only got one to focus on.
UNK: - Well, he's not gonna O.D. on puzzles. - No, it's not gonna hurt him.
Wilson : But he could just as easily have killed that patient.
Wilson : We have a tiny window of time here where House may be healthy enough to change.
Wilson : And based on that limp,
Wilson : the window's closing fast.
Chase : Kid is a product of an in vitro fertilization pregnancy.
Chase : Had all his vaccinations.
Chase : Fractured his right ulna at age three, chicken pox at age five...
UNK: Did he ever get his feelings hurt?
House : I'll need to know that too.
Foreman : You are 0 for 1 since you came back. We just wanna make sure...
Cameron : Rectal bleeding plus alien abduction fantasies, most likely sexual abuse.
Cameron : Penetration causes the bleed, trauma causes the fantasy.
UNK: E. R. ran a rape kit, found no evidence of tearing, semen, or pubic hairs.
UNK: I think we should talk to the kid.
UNK: Why?
House : In case he's telling the truth?
House : You're a believer, aren't you?
Chase : I'm just not arrogant enough to think that of the 50 billion galaxies,
UNK: 100 billion stars per galaxy and ten million billion planets in the universe,
Chase : that we're the only ones with life.
House : No. But
House : I'm guessing we're the only ones who like shoving things through our backdoors.
Foreman : There is new research indicating a link between neurological problems
Foreman : - and bleeding disorders. - Perfect.
House : Especially if there were neurological problems.
UNK: What part of hallucinating an alien abduction isn't neurological?
UNK: - It wasn't a hallucination. - What?
Chase : - You think the kid... - Is having nightmares.
UNK: Nightmares aren't a symptom of anything other than wanting to sleep with mommy.
UNK: Which just leaves us with one symptom, the bloody tuchus.
UNK: Which can easily be explained by a G. I. problem or a bleeding disorder.
UNK: Check his coags with a PT, PTT, and bleeding time.
UNK: Prep him for endoscopies from above and below.