House : and Cameron can set up an intergalactic checkpoint.
House : Let's pray he hasn't gone into hyperdrive. We'll never catch him.
UNK: Clancy?
UNK: I had to go where there are no windows so I could get the chip out like you said.
UNK: God.
Clancy : - I can feel it, I just can't grab it. - Clancy, stop! There is no chip.
UNK: We're gonna clean you up and we're gonna go back to your room.
Chase : You can't do things like this.
Chase : Your parents--
House : Results came back. The lab cannot identify the metal.
House : Said it might not even be terrestrial.
Clancy : - Really? - No, you idiot, it's titanium.
House : Like from a surgical pin.
House : Like the kind the kid had inserted into his broken arm four years ago.
House : - Nice medical history. - That pin was removed six months after.
UNK: So a little piece broke off during removal.
Chase : Titanium is used to build nuclear subs. Pieces don't just break off.
UNK: Tell that to guys on the Kursk.
Chase : And how exactly did it get from his arm to the back of his neck?
Foreman : Body attacks any foreign object.
UNK: Inflammatory reaction could erode it into a vein, fragment gets a free ride.
Chase : To his lungs, maybe. Not his neck.
House : Yeah, an alien chip makes more sense.
UNK: The real mystery is that you didn't actually screw up.
Dad : You okay?
UNK: Fine. Tripped.
House : Kid carved a hole in the back of his neck and apparently didn't bleed to death.
House : - Now, that's weird. - He clotted on his own?
House : Sure did.
House : So first there was no bleeding disorder, then there was, now there is not again.
Cameron : - Which is impossible. - Or Foreman screwed up.
Chase : Two out of three tests agree with my findings.
UNK: Well, lucky for us, the fourth test will be the charm.
UNK: So you're just gonna keep cutting him? Until what?
Foreman : This test is different.
UNK: We draw some blood and see if any clotting factors are low or missing.
Dad : But why haven't the other tests--
UNK: We've got three results that haven't been consistent. One of them must be wrong.
Foreman : Or two of them.
Mom : Is it possible the problem isn't his blood? It's just psychological.
Mom : - I mean, he almost killed himself. - He wasn't trying to hurt himself.
Mom : No... he was just looking for an alien tracking device.
Cameron : I have time for one more.
Brenda : Don't blame you for spending extra time down here.
UNK: Heard the artist formerly known as gimp is back upstairs.
Brenda : Oh, Dr. Cuddy wants that one.