UNK: Gonna make a tiny nick in your forearm, okay?
UNK: Then I'm gonna time how long it takes for you to stop bleeding.
UNK: This is gonna sting a little, so you might want to look the other way.
Clancy : Are those windows locked?
Chase : Those windows don't even open. They're just here to let sunshine in.
UNK: Good. 'Cause they know I'm here.
UNK: Clancy...
Mom : don't bother the doctor with this stuff.
Chase : No, it's okay. How do they know you're here?
Clancy : They put a chip in my neck so they can keep track of me.
Clancy : I can feel it back there.
Mom : Clancy, you know there is nothing back there.
Foreman : - There is. - Let me see.
Chase : Lean forwards.
Clancy : And they have this other thing. And they put it...
Clancy : in between these two ribs. Always on this side.
Clancy : And then they move it around my insides.
Clancy : - It hurts. - You know what, Clancy?
Chase : I think I might have found the chip back there.
Chase : And I think I might be able to get it out.
Clancy : - Really? - Mmm-hmm.
Chase : Okay, lean forwards.
Chase : Now hold very still, okay?
Chase : Got it.
Clancy : I'm seven... not three.
Clancy : All you did was pinch my neck.
UNK: Sorry.
Chase : His alien abduction story, the level of detail is...
Chase : I don't know where he gets it from.
Chase : The parents say he doesn't watch sci-fi, he doesn't read comic books.
House : Great. You do any of that medical stuff we talked about?
Foreman : Upper and lower endoscopies were clean.
House : So, it's a simple bleeding disorder.
Chase : No. Blood tests were all normal. And he clotted in six minutes.
House : So it's a simple bleeding disorder and you screwed up the test.
Chase : I didn't screw up the test.
House : So it's a U.F.O.
House : Unidentified Flowing Orifice.
House : Either you screwed up the test or I screwed up my analysis of this case.
House : If you screwed up, I don't have to cry myself to sleep.
House : It's a simple bleeding disorder. Foreman, redo the test.
Chase : How could I screw up a simple bleeding time test?
UNK: Maybe you were abducted and lost time.
Foreman : Kid's got a bleeding disorder.
UNK: You're sure?
UNK: I had to stop the bleeding myself after 25 minutes.
House : So you're saying Chase did screw up.
Chase : Or Foreman screwed up.
Foreman : Big hand points to minutes. Maybe you got it mixed up.
House : Oh, snap.
UNK: Foreman's playin' the dozens. You're at a huge cultural disadvantage here, Chase.
UNK: Take a couple minutes to think of a witty retort.
Cameron : So we have contradicting bleeding time tests.
Cameron : If we run labs to check his clotting fac- tors, we can confirm which one's right.
House : Yeah, testing. Nice idea.
House : Way better than trying to guess which doctor's incompetent.
UNK: Looks better in the paperwork too.
Chase : Hey, Foreman,
UNK: your mama's so fat, when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Chase : Where's Clancy?
Mom : He's asleep. He's...
UNK: House!
Chase : Clancy's gone missing.
House : Oh, no!
House : You take Alpha Centauri, Foreman can look on Tatooine,