Chase : and do its job. He should have no more problems with his blood pressure.
Chase : After confirming those areas are clear, we'll start the final procedure.
UNK: I'm gonna insert a needle through the pupil
Chase : and get rid of the abnormal cells in the retina.
Chase : Close your right eye.
Chase : Can you see my face?
Clancy : Yeah. It's clear.
Chase : You can throw away your glasses. We got it all.
Chase : Get some sleep.
Chase : You're going home tomorrow.
Clancy : Thank you.
UNK: You wanna go for a run?
Dad : What do you want?
Wilson : I want you to run.
House : When did you become an enabler?
Wilson : I'm enabling you to exercise.
Wilson : Vicodin blocks the pain, you get through your rehab.
Wilson : Muscle strength increases, and pain decreases.
UNK: I'd rather not become dependent on pain pills to get through my day.
Wilson : You're just like any other patient.
Wilson : Running away from knowledge that won't make you happy.
House : I'm as happy as a pig in poop.
Wilson : You're scared the Ketamine treatment's wearing off.
Wilson : That it was just a....
UNK: torturous window to the good life.
House : What part of poop didn't you understand?
Wilson : How can you be so sure it isn't just a sore muscle?
House : It's my leg.
House : We've known each other a long time.
Wilson : You're not always right, House.
Wilson : You've proven that lately.
Mom : - What's happening to him? - He's seizing. I need clonazepam.
Dad : I thought you got it all!
Chase : Yeah, yell at me. That'll fix the kid.
Cameron : Obviously we missed some foreign tissue. There's something still in him.
Foreman : The hallucinations and seizures indicate problems in the temporal lobe.
Foreman : Sorry, House, it is neurological.
Foreman : Looks like you were wrong, again.
Chase : We didn't miss anything.
UNK: The brain scan was completely clean.
House : Our tag must not have penetrated the blood brain barrier.
House : Don't use an IV this time, get it right into the brain.
Cameron : No cells are lighting up.
Cameron : His brain is clean.
Cameron : It is not neurological.
Foreman : His symptoms are neurological. His condition has to be neurological.