Chase : So you found an arrhythmia.
House : That's not an arrhythmia. That's a no-rhythmia.
House : Myocytes contract. These aren't moving at all.
House : Go get me those myocytes. I want to talk to them in my office.
Cuddy : How's the kid doing?
House : Heart nearly exploded.
House : Still beating, though.
House : Most of it anyway.
House : Why do they bother putting age restrictions on these things
House : when all you have to do is click "Yes, I am 18"?
House : Even a 17-year-old can figure that out.
Cuddy : What's going on with the leg?
House : First tell me what's going on with the boobs.
Cuddy : - If you're feeling pain... - They're firmer.
Cuddy : It's called an underwire.
UNK: - I wanna get a PET scan of your brain. - I think it's hormones.
Cuddy : As long as there's no increased activity in the thalamus--
House : Looks to me like those puppies are going into the dairy business.
Cuddy : Then the pain can be good. It could be muscle regenerating.
Cuddy : After you work out, you get sore. Pain doesn't mean the Ketamine failed.
UNK: Guess I should be saying mazel tov.
House : - Who gets to pass out the cigars? - I'm not pregnant.
Cuddy : I need to get a PET scan of your brain.
House : Boy or girl? You got a name picked out?
Cuddy : - I'm not pregnant. - My leg doesn't hurt.
Cuddy : - You're in denial. - No, I'm not!
House : Oh, you got me.
UNK: If I thought that my leg was deteriorating,
House : Don't you think I'd want to take steps to prevent that?
UNK: Okay.
House : Gotta go.
Chase : Here's Clancy's DNA.
UNK: And here's the DNA from that piece of his heart we just biopsied.
House : That is impossible.
House : - Run it again. - We already did.
Foreman : And once more after that.
Cameron : The genes from Clancy's myocytes don't match the genes from the rest of his body.
Chase : Alien DNA.
House : Anybody watch any X-Files that inspired an explanation?
UNK: There are ways DNA can become mutated. Extreme UV radiation.
House : That much sun, he'd be dying with a healthy bronze glow.
Cameron : Nitrous acid or ethidium bromide exposure.
House : First daddy was a rapist, now he's a chemist.
Chase : Various species of fungus have been proven mutagenic.
House : Not unless the kid's been eating barrels of celery or living in Indonesia or both.
Cameron : - Is your leg hurting? - Is that question helping?
Cameron : - You're leaning. - You're sitting.
Cameron : - You're evading. - My head's hurting.
House : Please, someone give me a plausible,
House : terrestrial explanation for this kid's alien DNA.
Foreman : We could search his home for toxins, fungals, and radiation.
Chase : Who cares what caused it?
UNK: A kid comes in with a strep,
Chase : we don't conduct a search to see which classmate he got it from, we cure it.
UNK: We know he's got this inside him. Let's get a scalpel and cut it out.
Cameron : Where do we cut? Chances are it's not just in his heart.
Foreman : We got lucky with the heart.
House : Myocytes contract, we could see that these weren't working.
Foreman : I don't know how the hell we're gonna find it anywhere else.
UNK: What if we take the heart cells with the bad DNA and we tag them?
House : Can you phrase that in the form of a metaphor?
Cameron : It's the same way we search for cancer.
Cameron : The bad DNA creates a unique protein on the surface of the affected cells.
Cameron : We create an antibody that recognizes only that protein.
Cameron : We flush it throughout his system and the similar cells light up like...
UNK: lightbulbs.
House : Okay. Let's do that.
Cameron : - You have to tell him. - He said he wasn't in any pain.
Cameron : - He's lying. - Of course he's lying.
Cuddy : - We need another plan. - Don't talk about it that way.
Cuddy : What way?
UNK: Plan.
Wilson : Sounds like we're conspiring against him.
UNK: - I'm gonna tell him. - No, you're not.
Cameron : Then come up with a cunning plan and fast.
Cuddy : She's not nearly as delightful as she thinks she is.
Clancy : What's this machine do?
UNK: It makes a lot of noise.
UNK: And it's gonna help us figure out what's wrong with you.
UNK: You think House has lost a step?
Cameron : He's fine.
UNK: There,
UNK: a clump of affected cells in the bone marrow of the femur.
Cameron : Explains the intermittent bleeding disorder.
Foreman : 'Cause I don't need to subject myself to House's torture if there's no upside.
Cameron : I'm telling you, he's fine.
Cameron : We missed some affected cells in his heart.
Cameron : Explains the continuing hypertensive issues.
Foreman : You said the last case really threw him. And now suddenly...
Cameron : I was wrong.
Foreman : So you changed your mind.
UNK: Why?
UNK: His brilliant ideas on this case have all been yours.
Cameron : There's the reason for him needing glasses.
Cameron : Apparently it's a symptom. Means the condition predates--
Foreman : You don't change your mind without a reason.
Foreman : What do you know?
UNK: House...
Cameron : didn't blow the last case.
Cameron : Cuddy cured the guy using House's idea.
Cameron : Cuddy and Wilson are trying to teach him some humility.
UNK: Scan is complete. Three hot spots, but nothing in his brain.
Cameron : House's original theory was right.
Cameron : It is not neurological.
UNK: Is he gonna be able to walk?
Chase : His leg should be functional after some rehab.
Mom : Functional? What does that mean? He's be able to walk but not run?
Mom : He'll have a limp?
Chase : If everything goes well, he'll walk, he'll run.
Chase : He'll probably be even stronger than he is now.
Chase : When we close him up, we'll move over to his other leg.
Chase : Snake a catheter up through the femoral artery and into his heart.
Chase : Once the affected areas are removed, his normal tissue will set back in