Cameron : His scan was clean twice.
Cameron : It's not there.
House : What if it is there, but didn't show up on the scan?
House : What if the tag just doesn't work in his brain?
House : Brain cells are structurally different. They express a different protein.
UNK: So how do we find it?
Cameron : Where are we going?
House : I am going to think.
House : Send the kid home.
Cameron : What do you mean?
House : Make sure his blood pressure is stabilized and send him home.
Chase : - Like nothing ever happened? - We cured his bleeding disorder
UNK: and removed all the damaged cells we could find.
Chase : We don't know that we fixed anything. It's only been a day.
Chase : Maybe these symptoms come and go like the blood disorder.
House : It's more probable that his remaining symptoms are
House : just a nightmare.
Foreman : He had a convulsion.
UNK: Maybe epilepsy, maybe psychological.
UNK: Maybe nothing.
House : If the kid gets sick again,
UNK: that'll give us another clue and we'll start searching again. If he doesn't,
House : it doesn't matter.
House : Send him home.
UNK: House!
Cuddy : You're just giving up on this kid?
UNK: You gotta know when to stop.
Cuddy : You don't stop.
Cuddy : You never stop, you just keep on going until you come up with something so
Cuddy : insane that it's usually right.
House : Except on my last case.
Cuddy : Don't be pathetic.
Cuddy : Just forget the last case.
Cuddy : This kid obviously has something wrong with him.
House : When did you develop such strong opinions about my patients?
House : Last week you were convinced that my patient wasn't sick.
House : - Now you're convinced this one is. - This one is a young boy.
Cuddy : His parents are desperate.
Cuddy : Just get together with your team, spend a few extra hours...
House : Well, I guess we could amputate his left leg. It's where we found most of it.
UNK: Maybe we should just remove his affected eye completely.
Cuddy : If you have reason to believe that that might help...
UNK: I'm not gonna start lopping off body parts.
House : But it's interesting that you give me the green light.
Cuddy : I just want you to do something.
House : You've been overly supportive this entire week.
UNK: Well, either you're hormonal or you're guilt-ridden.
House : And it's too early in the pregnancy for this to be hormonal.
Cuddy : - I'm not pregnant. - Then what did you do wrong?
Cuddy : He had Addison's.
Cuddy : Your last patient. You were right.
Cuddy : I gave him one shot of cortisol and he woke up like Rip Van Winkle.
House : Oh, your mommy's in such trouble.
House : She's such a liar.
House : That's why you don't have a daddy. That's why she had to...
House : How does one person...
House : end up with two different sets of DNA?
Foreman : - We've been through this. - Our assumptions are faulty.
Chase : We've confirmed two different sets of DNA. We re-ran the sequence.
House : I didn't say the lab work was faulty, I said our assumptions were faulty.
House : We assumed he's a person.
Wilson : Of course.
Foreman : The aliens didn't just visit him, they replaced him.
House : You're being silly.
House : What if he's not a person? What if he's two persons?
Cameron : - I'm not getting the metaphor. - No metaphor.
UNK: Chase said the mom used in vitro fertilization, right?
Chase : - Yeah, they had trouble conceiving. - Kid was right all along.
House : He was implanted with something.
UNK: Back when he was young. I mean, really young. Like 12 cells young.
House : In vitro increases the likelihood of twinning.
Cameron : But he doesn't have a twin.
House : Not walking around...
House : But in vitro fertilization costs around 25 grand a pop.
UNK: So doctors implant two to six embryos to make sure you get your money's worth.
UNK: The problem is, there's not always enough bedrooms for all the kiddies.