Cameron : She's busy. I'll take it.
Cameron : Oh, my God. You're...
UNK: How...
Cameron : You're okay.
Richard : Have we met?
Cameron : I was one of your doctors.
Cameron : You were in a vegetative state when you left here last week.
Richard : Addison's disease.
Richard : All I needed was cortisol and my brain turned on like a switch.
Cameron : - This is amazing. - Surprised
Richard : - you didn't know. - How would I know?
Richard : Not quite my old self yet.
Richard : - Baby steps, the doctors tell me. - With rehab, you'll do great.
Cameron : What hospital did you go to?
Cameron : - How would I... - I wanna have sex with my wife.
Richard : And I was hoping that maybe...
Richard : - You could... - Viagra?
Cameron : - You're here for Viagra? - A bucketful would be nice.
Brenda : Dr. Cuddy.
Cameron : - It's completely unethical. - He was reckless with a patient.
Cuddy : - He was right. - But he didn't know that.
Cuddy : He needs at least some glimmer of humility.
Cameron : Why does he need that? Because other people have that?
Cameron : Why does he need to be like other people?
Cuddy : - He needs to be less reckless. - Well, you did it.
Cameron : He's dismissing symptoms, looking for easy solutions. He's in pain.
Cuddy : - How much pain? - Why?
Cameron : You know this is affecting him, don't you?
Cuddy : Telling him that he got his last case right won't do anything to help him.
Cameron : - It'll make him less depressed. - Which might not help his leg.
Cameron : But you don't know.
Cuddy : Just let me run a PET scan
Cuddy : on his parietal thalamic area to see if it's sensing pain.
Cuddy : If it is, the Ketamine isn't working any- more and he's headed for a huge crash.
Cuddy : If it's not, the leg pain is my fault
Cuddy : and I will tell him the truth.
Chase : Too tight?
Clancy : - My parents think I'm crazy. - No, they don't.
Chase : They're just worried about you, that's all.
Clancy : I'm not weird.
Clancy : It's just that weird things keep happening to me.
Chase : Slight pinch.
Clancy : If you make me better,
Clancy : do you think the aliens will leave me alone?
UNK: I don't think they're gonna be bothering you for much longer.
Clancy : - You lying again? - No.
Chase : We figure this out, everything's gonna be okay.
UNK: You still with us?
Chase : Pulmonary edema, stage two hypertensive crisis.