Ryan : Bad news.
Ryan : According to the banks,
Ryan : our victims' deposits were made in cash.
Ryan : There's no way to trace the payments.
Ryan : And since the deposits were less than $ 10,000,
Ryan : there was no report made to the IRS.
UNK: Which means our victims were most likely involved in something illegal.
Castle : Just so you know, I got that from "shot to death."
UNK: So?
Ryan : So what illegal activity involves vending machines,
Ryan : an artist and a high school teacher?
Castle : I know. Even the stuff I'm making up in my head doesn't make sense.
Esposito : I talked to the credit card companies.
UNK: KCBC bills through an internet card processing service.
Esposito : There's no address on file.
Beckett : We can't even track it down?
Esposito : I didn't say that.
Esposito : There's no address on file,
Esposito : but they do register the ISP
UNK: of every swipe card transaction that goes through.
Esposito : So I had Tech track it down.
Esposito : Whoever ran those charges, did it from this address.
Esposito : I got this.
UNK: Castle. Road trip.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yoink.
Castle : You sure this is the place?
Beckett : As sure as you are.
Castle : This doesn't look like a credit card kind of place.
Castle : This looks more like a "get shot and robbed" kind of place.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: That was the number on Chloe's hand.
Beckett : She was here.
UNK: This place is like the circus with alcohol!
Castle : How have I never been here before?
Beckett : You think this is crazy,
Beckett : you should see some of the clubs I've been to.
Bartender : What can I get you?
UNK: Information.
Beckett : Do you recognize these people?
UNK: Yeah. They're part of Kitty's burlesque troupe.
Beckett : Kitty's troupe?
Bartender : Kitty Canary. She runs the place.
Beckett : And where can I find this Kitty?
Kitty : They're really dead?
UNK: We're afraid so.
Beckett : Your bartender said that they were a part of your troupe.
Kitty : Chloe would dance from time to time. Todd had a snake act.
Castle : What about Maya?
Kitty : She was more of a patron.
Kitty : She came for inspiration.
UNK: Hey, I just heard.
Kitty : Detective, this is my husband, Earl. He runs the burlesque with me.
Earl : Do you know what happened?
Beckett : We're looking into it.
Beckett : Right now the only connection we can find is this club.
Kitty : You don't think someone here killed them?
Beckett : How well did you know them?
Kitty : They were work friends, you know, "Hi. How are you?"
Kitty : Although Maya and Chloe did come to the shop once to get tattoos.
Kitty : My day job.
Beckett : Did the three of them spend a lot of time together?
Earl : No more so than anybody else.
Castle : Did they spend a lot of time with anyone else here?
Kitty : Not that I noticed.
Beckett : Do you have a mailing list of your regulars?
UNK: Yeah. I can get a copy if you want.
Beckett : Yes. And I'll also need a list of all of your employees