UNK: Kate Beckett : Castle! Down on the ground, now!
UNK: Man.
Beckett : Are you guys re-enacting the Humpty Dumpty crime scene?
Ryan : It's the autumnal equinox today.
UNK: Yeah, and according to Mr. Wizard there,
UNK: it's the only time of year you can balance an egg on its tip.
Beckett : Don't you guys have work to do?
Esposito : - Nah. - No, not really.
UNK: Hmm. Well, now you do.
Beckett : By the way,
UNK: that whole thing with the egg is just urban legend.
Ryan : Not true. I saw Castle do it last year.
Esposito : What's wrong with you?
Esposito : Still no word from him?
UNK: No.
Ryan : Maybe you should call him.
UNK: He said that he would be back in the fall. And it's fall.
Beckett : So, clearly, he has better things to do.
Esposito : Maybe he's not back from the Hamptons yet.
Esposito : Maybe he's still working on his book.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Whoa! Speaking of Humpty Dumpty...
Beckett : Maybe somebody tried to stand her up on her head.
Beckett : After all, it is the autumnal equinox.
Lanie : It wasn't the fall that killed her.
Lanie : More like multiple gunshot wounds to the torso
Lanie : before doing a Greg Louganis out that window up there.
Esposito : Victim's name is Chloe Whitman.
Esposito : A couple of pedestrians heard shots,
Esposito : saw the body fall out the window,
Esposito : but when uniforms got here, the apartment was empty.
UNK: There's no doorman on duty, so,
Esposito : so far no one recalls seeing anyone flee the scene.
UNK: All right, have uniforms start knocking on doors,
Beckett : find out what else our neighbors didn't see.
Ryan : Hey, it's Castle.
UNK: I guess he did finish that book.
Lanie : Nice of him to send us a copy.
Ryan : Looks like he's back in town.
Esposito : Nice of him to call.
UNK: All right, guys, you can stop pining for your girlfriend.
UNK: After all, we got a body full of holes.
Beckett : So what else do we know about our victim?
Esposito : She's got a boyfriend, Evan Murphy, who's on his way.
Beckett : Okay, let's go upstairs and see what else we can find.