Beckett : and any other members of your troupe.
Kitty : Of course.
Beckett : Can you think of any other connection between the three of them?
Kitty : There was the incident.
Earl : A couple of weeks ago, Chloe's boyfriend came around.
Earl : Apparently, he didn't like her dancing here. He got a little rough.
Earl : Both Maya and Todd intervened.
Kitty : Evan was drunk, yelling all kinds of crazy stuff.
Beckett : What kind of stuff?
UNK: "I know what you're doing. I know all about it."
Kitty : I guess he thought she was screwing someone else.
Evan : Okay. So I followed Chloe to the club that night.
Evan : But only because she was acting weird.
UNK: Secretive.
Evan : I thought she was seeing another guy.
Beckett : Mr. Murphy, why didn't you tell us this before?
UNK: That I'd been fighting with my girlfriend? That I threatened her?
Evan : I know how cops work.
Castle : And when you found out about the other victims,
Castle : that they were all there at the club?
Evan : I didn't kill her.
Evan : I didn't kill any of them.
Evan : What would you have done?
Beckett : I would try to help find her killer.
UNK: But if I had told you then what you know now,
Evan : would you have looked any further than me?
Beckett : Mr. Murphy, the money in Chloe's account, where did it come from?
Evan : What money?
Castle : So he admits to the fights and the threats,
UNK: but he claims not to know anything about the money.
UNK: Or how our victims are connected, other than the events of that night.
Castle : Do you believe him?
Beckett : Doesn't matter what I believe. He's a viable suspect.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, I need you to get a search warrant for Evan Murphy's place.
Beckett : And, Esposito, how are things going over there?
Esposito : We ran the club's mailing list for people with priors.
Esposito : These are the ones that've popped so far.
UNK: All right. Run them for any connections with our vics.
Esposito : Right on.
UNK: What?
Castle : I've seen this guy's face.
Castle : That's the same guy.
Beckett : Maya knew him.
Beckett : Xander Doyle. Weapons charges, conspiracy to distribute,
Beckett : and, apparently, he lives in the Bowery.
UNK: How much do you want to bet Maya was on her way to see him
UNK: after McCutchin's murder?
UNK: Sure I knew Maya. I met her at the club a few months back.
Beckett : And what was the nature of your relationship?
Xander : She said she liked the way I looked.
Xander : You know how it goes.
Castle : When was the last time you saw her?
Beckett : Mr. Doyle, we have evidence that indicates
Beckett : that Maya came to see you the day she died.
Xander : Look. She said she was in trouble. She needed my help.
Beckett : What kind of trouble?
Xander : She wouldn't say.
UNK: Someone must've been after her.
Beckett : And why would you say that?
Xander : Because the reason she came to see me is she wanted to borrow a gun.
Castle : That's why she was armed.
UNK: She saw what happened to McCutchin, she figured she'd be next.
Beckett : Did Maya give you any indication as to what she might be involved in?
UNK: No.
Xander : If I was a betting man...
Xander : I ran into Maya a few weeks ago on the street.
UNK: When she gave me a hug, I could smell it.
Beckett : You could smell what?
Xander : That sick smell. Paint thinner, acetone, bleach.
UNK: I got a buddy who smells like that. You know what he does?
Xander : He makes meth.
Castle : I can't believe I didn't think of it sooner.
Beckett : Do you really think it was meth?
Castle : It's the only thing that makes any sense.
Castle : All of our victims were struggling financially.
Castle : One night, after the club closes, they're all together
Castle : talking about their money woes,
Castle : until our high school chemistry teacher cracks a smile and says,
UNK: "Well, we could always make meth."
Castle : But the others don't laugh.
UNK: They say, "Yeah. We could make meth."
Castle : Just like that cable show.
Castle : I'm telling you, it's drugs.
Lanie : It's not drugs.
Beckett : - Are you sure? - Yes.
Lanie : And your guy was right about the chemicals.
Lanie : I found trace amounts of bleach, acetone, sodium chloride and ammonia
Lanie : on all three bodies.
UNK: So how can you tell it's not drugs?
Lanie : Because of what's missing.
Lanie : If your guys had been cooking up meth or any other street lab drugs,
Lanie : there'd be other substances present,
Lanie : not to mention the trace amounts of the finished product.
Lanie : That being said,
UNK: they definitely were up to something.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : We found the murder weapon.
UNK: I swear to God, I have never seen that before in my life.
Beckett : Then what was it doing in your place?
Beckett : I don't know!
Beckett : What really happened the night you followed Chloe to the club?
Evan : I told you. We fought.
Beckett : About what? And do not say the affair.
UNK: What were the four of you into?
Beckett : Evan, what's the connection? Why did you kill them?
Evan : I want a lawyer. I'm not saying anything else without a lawyer.
Ryan : PD's office has been notified. They're sending someone over.
Beckett : Okay. Notify the DA. Maybe they can cut us a deal
Beckett : and help us figure out what was really going on.
Castle : I know that look.
Beckett : What look?
UNK: That "something doesn't add up" look.
Beckett : It's just the lab report on the murder weapon.
Castle : What about it?
Beckett : They didn't find any fingerprints.
Castle : He probably wiped it down.
Beckett : Why would he wipe it down if he was gonna hang on to it?
Castle : Maybe he was going to ditch it, but didn't get around to it.
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : Ditching it would be the first thing that he would do.
Castle : Maybe he thought he still needed it.
Beckett : - To kill someone else? - Or protect himself.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Financials came back on your boy Evan.
UNK: There is no unusual activity.
Castle : Maybe that was his motive.
Castle : Whatever it was they were up to, he didn't get his cut.