Beckett : How did you get here anyway?
Castle : I was following up a lead. Same as you.
Beckett : Really? So you subpoenaed the victim's phone records
Beckett : and looked for commonalities?
Castle : No, not exactly.
Beckett : Then what?
UNK: Okay, I star-69-ed. I star-69-ed.
UNK: You star-69-ed?
Castle : Yes, on Maya's phone. I figured it would give me her last call.
UNK: Rang up McCutchin here, I got his name from his voicemail
Castle : and then I did a web search.
Castle : Tell me you're not impressed.
Beckett : You went to an active crime scene without authorization.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : But I wore gloves.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett,
Esposito : this body's cold.
UNK: It's been dead for hours.
Castle : See? I didn't kill him.
UNK: Slugs?
Esposito : We'll have to run ballistics,
Esposito : but the entry wounds are the same size as our other vics'.
Esposito : - Odd. - What?
UNK: The guy's in vending machines. Not an obvious choice
UNK: to be running around with an artist and a prep school teacher.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : Okay, so let's get CSU down here to look for fibers and prints.
Beckett : And have them start looking for commonalities
UNK: between the three crime scenes.
Beckett : Let's start digging into their lives.
Beckett : If they were on the same dating site, I wanna know.
Beckett : If they were in the same twelve-step program, I wanna know.
Castle : How can I help?
Beckett : Look, Castle,
Beckett : I'm sorry about your friend, I really am.
UNK: But that doesn't mean you can show up and act like nothing has happened.
UNK: The truth is that if you wanted to come back, you would have already,
Beckett : but you didn't.
Beckett : So let's just face it.
Beckett : The only reason that you're here right now
Beckett : is because you were at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Castle : Did you ever stop and think maybe I was waiting to hear from you?
Castle : Do you know what these bodies are?
Castle : A sign.
Castle : - A sign? - A sign.
Castle : A sign from the universe telling us we need to solve this case together.
UNK: You don't wanna let the universe down, do you?
UNK: You're not gonna go away no matter what I do, are you?
Castle : I respect the universe.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : I will let you join me on this one case
Beckett : as long as you promise to do what I say, when I say it,
Beckett : and not to do any investigating on your own.
Castle : I promise.
Castle : You won't regret this.
Beckett : - I already do. - Starting now.
Castle : What is it about the refrigerator?
Castle : Is it the cold, the light, or the combination of the two?
Alexis : I can't sleep.
Castle : The boy.
Alexis : He finally called.
Castle : - Great. - I didn't answer.
Castle : - Why not? - I was mad.
Alexis : I thought he'd leave a message, but he didn't.
Alexis : So now what do I do?
Alexis : He knows I know he called, but if I call back right away,
Alexis : then clearly I'm admitting I was waiting for his call.
Alexis : How long do I need to wait to call him back?
UNK: A day? At least a day? Maybe two?
Castle : Maybe you should get a new boyfriend, start over.
Alexis : You're not very good at this, are you?
Castle : Apparently not.
UNK: Anything?
UNK: Did you find anything in their background checks?
Beckett : We went as far back as grade school,
Beckett : and nothing has popped yet.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Maybe they're top CIA agents targeted for termination.
Beckett : CIA is a popular theory with you.
UNK: Yes. The law of averages demands that I'll eventually be right.
Beckett : I'd forgotten how helpful your insights can be.
Castle : Oh, yeah?
Castle : I bet I figure out how they're connected before you do.
UNK: All right. You're on.
Beckett : But if I win, you have to promise to go away
Beckett : and never interfere with any of my cases again.
Castle : Fine. And if I win,
Castle : you have to take me back as your partner.
UNK: Deal.
Castle : What if they figure it out first?
Esposito : - Nah. - Nah.