Beckett : Hey! Hey!
UNK: Is that him? Got him?
UNK: Where'd he go?
Castle : I think he went around this way.
UNK: I don't see him!
UNK: Come out, police! Police!
UNK: Kate Beckett : Castle! Down on the ground, now!
UNK: Drop it. Drop it.
UNK: Stay right where you are.
UNK: Stay where you are. Don't touch the gun!
Beckett : They hatched the plan late one night at the club.
Beckett : They figured, victimless crime. Nobody would get hurt.
Castle : Kitty and Earl would launder the bills through the club
Castle : and then make cash payments to the others.
Montgomery : Sounds like they had a sweet deal going on. How did it all go wrong?
UNK: Todd McCutchin.
Castle : He was getting squeezed by a loan shark.
UNK: He figured he'd try to make a payment with counterfeit bills.
Beckett : The shark threatened to rat him out unless he turned over the operation.
Beckett : Maya and Chloe were willing, but Kitty and Earl weren't.
Beckett : And when Todd confronted them, he had no idea who he was dealing with.
UNK: Kitty Canary aka Carla Breezer.
Beckett : She was a stripper in Seattle.
Beckett : She did a nickel for a manslaughter charge
Beckett : for trying to run over her boyfriend.
Beckett : When she got out, she got a new name,
Castle : new boyfriend and even changed coasts.
Beckett : She wasn't the type of girl to let Todd take her down.
Castle : They had everything they needed. Chemical formulas, the plates.
Castle : All they had to do was to get rid of the others.
Montgomery : Nice work, you two. Very impressive.
Montgomery : But tomorrow, I want you to tell me the story about how Castle got your gun.
Beckett : So, uh...
Beckett : I guess you won the bet.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : But look, if you don't want...
Beckett : No, no, no. You won fair and square.
UNK: So...
Castle : See you tomorrow?
Castle : See you tomorrow.
UNK: So...
Esposito : How long before Castle did you know this was about counterfeiting?
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : - Is that... - Yeah.
Martha : Been on the phone for over an hour.
Castle : So who called whom first?
Martha : What's it matter?
Martha : As long as they connected.
UNK: Thank you.