Esposito : If you ask me, you should have locked him up just out of spite.
Beckett : No, that would be unethical.
Beckett : Making the people down in holding deal with him?
UNK: True.
UNK: Hey. Whoa...
Ryan : So ballistics ran a comparison on the slugs from the two murders.
Ryan : They're from the same gun.
UNK: Anything on the canvass?
UNK: We showed Chloe's photos to Maya's friends and neighbors,
Ryan : they don't recognize her.
Esposito : And Chloe's boyfriend and her colleagues from her prep school,
Esposito : they don't know Maya either.
Beckett : Okay, so we've got
Beckett : a high school chemistry teacher and a sculptor,
Beckett : who live on two different sides of town
Beckett : and by all accounts run in completely different circles.
Beckett : They're both killed on the same day and by the same person.
Beckett : Their lives must intersect somehow.
Beckett : Run phones and financials, let's see if anything pops.
Esposito : On it.
Beckett : I'm gonna go and see Lanie, and see if she's found anything.
UNK: Ryan!
Castle : Hey, L.T.
UNK: Officer Lt : Hey, Castle. Back on the beat?
Castle : Yeah, looking that way. Is Beckett here?
UNK: Officer Lt : Finished her sweep about an hour ago.
UNK: Did she find anything?
UNK: Officer Lt : Nothing useful.
Castle : Mind if I take a look around?
Castle : Hey, brother.
Castle : Looks like you missed one.
UNK: Csu Tech : Got it.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Lanie : I hear you made an interesting arrest today.
UNK: You wanna talk about it?
UNK: Kate Beckett : - No. - Okay.
Lanie : You keep holding that stuff in, you're gonna get an ulcer.
Beckett : Anything unusual?
Lanie : You mean besides the gunshots?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm looking for anything that'll connect these two victims.
Lanie : They both had tattoos.
Beckett : Everyone has tattoos.
Lanie : Chloe Whitman, our jumper, has a rose.
UNK: And Miss Santori has a mermaid
Lanie : on her back.
Lanie : Looking at the work, it could be the same tattoo artist.
Beckett : Anything else?
Lanie : It may be nothing, but I found this on Miss Whitman's hand.
Lanie : Could be an apartment number, gym locker code.
Lanie : And looking at how faded it is, I'd say she wrote it about a week ago.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Oh! And I found these in Miss Santori's pockets.
Beckett : Cab receipts?
Lanie : Dated today, just a few hours before she was killed.
Beckett : Okay. I'll call up the cab company, see if we can retrace her whereabouts.
Beckett : Are you sure you don't wanna talk about it?
UNK: Positive.
Esposito : We just got the phone records back on our vics.
Esposito : Turns out they did have a connection.
Esposito : They both received phone calls from the same number
Esposito : within hours of their deaths.
Beckett : Were you able to run it down?
UNK: Yeah, traced back to a Todd McCutchin.
UNK: He's got priors, including robbery and domestic assault.
Beckett : You got an address?
UNK: Yeah, we got an address.
Esposito : Let me see your hands!
Esposito : I said let me see your...
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Hi.
Castle : I can explain.
Beckett : Turn around.
Castle : Would you just listen to me, please?
Beckett : Why? You don't listen to me.
UNK: Look, I'm just doing some digging around on my own.
Castle : That's not a crime, is it?
Beckett : No, but criminal trespassing is. And so is murder.
Castle : - I was just trying to help. - I don't need your help.