Ryan : What are you two talking about?
Beckett : Castle was just apologizing for not calling.
Beckett : So what did you guys find?
Esposito : Forensics on that blood smear Castle found in Maya's apartment.
UNK: It's a match to Todd McCutchin's.
UNK: CSU found some of McCutchin's blood on Maya's shoe.
UNK: Which means your friend was at his place either during or after the murder.
Ryan : Ran down those cab receipts from her pocket.
Ryan : According to the taxi company, they picked her up
UNK: outside McCutchin's apartment yesterday morning
Ryan : and took her somewhere in the Bowery.
Ryan : - The Bowery? - Yeah.
UNK: Twenty minutes later, they picked her up and dropped her off at home.
Castle : It was just after that that she called me.
Ana : I'm sorry. I've never seen them before.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Castle : Is it possible he was involved in anything illegal?
Ana : Todd was a good man.
Ana : I know he did some bad things in the past,
Ana : but he got himself his own business.
Ana : He was totally legit now.
UNK: Only...
Beckett : Only what?
Ana : A couple months ago, Todd hurt his back and couldn't work.
Ana : The bank wanted to take away his business,
UNK: so he borrowed some money from a guy in the neighborhood.
Ana : This guy,
Ana : he's no good.
Beckett : Did he threaten Todd?
Ana : Todd was making payments, but he fell behind.
Ana : A couple weeks back, the man came to the house with a gun.
UNK: He said he was gonna kill Todd if he didn't pay back what he owed.
Dean : Fifteen G's. So what?
UNK: Mr. Carbino, we have a witness who says that you threatened to kill him.
Beckett : - So? - So now he's dead.
Dean : Yeah. I can see that.
Dean : Look, Detective, first off,
UNK: 15 G's is not an amount of money worth killing for.
UNK: Not unless you've exhausted other avenues, to which I had not.
Dean : And secondly, and more to the point,
Dean : your boy here, he paid me back the entire sum plus interest.
Beckett : Do you really expect me to believe that?
Dean : No, I don't, sweetheart.
Dean : But that don't mean it ain't true.
Esposito : His alibi checks.
Esposito : He was in Jersey all day yesterday shopping in Short Hills with the missus.
Beckett : Wow. Lucky girl.
Ryan : Doesn't mean he didn't do it. He could've hired someone.
UNK: Yeah. To kill McCutchin, but why Maya and Chloe?
Ryan : Maybe they witnessed the hit.
Esposito : Maybe they co-signed the loan.
UNK: Do we have McCutchin's financials?
Esposito : Yeah. They should all be up shortly. Why?
UNK: Carbino said that McCutchin paid off his debt in full plus interest.
UNK: I was thinking that's a lot of money for a guy in the vending machine business,
UNK: and I thought, "Where did that money come from?"
Beckett : You know, all of McCutchin's accounts were overdrawn.
Beckett : And then suddenly two weeks ago, 9,500 appears in his savings.
Beckett : Two weeks ago?
Esposito : On the 7th.
UNK: There was a deposit made in Maya Santori's account
Esposito : on the 7th for the same amount.
Beckett : What about Chloe Whitman?
Ryan : 9,500. Deposited on the 7th.
Beckett : Which means they were all receiving money from the same source.
Castle : And spending it in the same place.
Castle : Both Maya Santori and Chloe Whitman had charges on their credit card
Castle : for a place called KCBC. Both of them on the 9th and the 16th.
Castle : Both of them small amounts. Less than 20 bucks.
UNK: Same thing with McCutchin.
Esposito : The restaurant where they met?
UNK: All right. Call up the bank.
UNK: Let's see if they can help us track who made those deposits,
Beckett : and I'd like to contact the credit card company to find out what this KCBC is.
Esposito : On it.
Beckett : Don't think that this means that you won the bet.
Beckett : All we know is that they are connected.
Beckett : We still don't know how.
Castle : I missed you, too.