Castle : Something is different.
Castle : Did you remodel?
Beckett : You've been informed of your rights, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Really?
UNK: You're not even gonna ask me how my summer was?
Beckett : You are aware that you are under arrest for murder?
Castle : And I thought you were being rough with the cuffs just for fun.
Castle : You look good.
Beckett : - You look good, too. - Yeah?
Beckett : For murder.
Castle : Why are you so mad at me?
Beckett : Maybe because you were found standing over a dead body
Beckett : with a gun in your hand.
Castle : Yeah, but I told you, she was dead when I got there.
Beckett : Why didn't you call?
Castle : I was going to call you.
Castle : But then you showed up before I could.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Then why did we find you in our victim's apartment?
Castle : Because she called me.
UNK: Oh. So you and Miss Santori were in a relationship.
Castle : I wouldn't say it was a relationship. I bought a couple of sculptures...
Beckett : Were you sleeping with her?
Castle : - How is that relevant? - Motive.
UNK: Ah.
Castle : No, I wasn't sleeping with her.
Beckett : Are you sure? Beautiful woman...
Castle : - I'm in a relationship. - With whom?
Castle : - Is that a new lipstick? - Castle!
Castle : You know with whom.
Beckett : How should I know? I haven't seen you in months.
Beckett : You could have been in dozens of relationships with women since then.
Castle : You sound jealous.
Beckett : Jealous of you dating your second ex-wife and publisher?
Beckett : Tell me. Does she make you do everything on a deadline?
Castle : So how about you? You still with that cop boyfriend of yours?
Castle : What was his name again? Demming?
Castle : You broke up?
Beckett : This victim that called you, what was it about?
Castle : She said she was in trouble and she couldn't go to the police.
Beckett : So why did she call you?
Castle : Because Maya knew I had a relationship with you... Ooh!
Castle : With the NYPD. She thought I could help.
Beckett : Help how?
Castle : She didn't say, she just told me to come over.
Castle : When I got there, the door was open, the place was trashed.
Castle : She was dead on the bed and there was a gun on the floor.
Beckett : So you being the expert veteran of dozens of crime scenes,
Beckett : decided to pick up the murder weapon, to what?
UNK: Ensure that we had your prints?
Castle : Maybe you missed the part where I said she was shot dead.
Castle : When I heard the noises coming from the next room,
UNK: I thought whoever killed her was coming back.
Castle : So I picked up the gun to defend myself.
Castle : It seemed like a very good idea at the time.
Castle : That's when you, Esposito and Annie Oakley come bursting through the door.
Castle : Annie Oakley?
UNK: I kind of almost shot Castle.
Ryan : What? He had a gun.
UNK: Should have let you shoot him. Would serve him right for not calling.
Beckett : considering that you pretty much make up stories for a living?
Castle : Because you know me.
Beckett : Do you know her? Chloe Whitman.
Beckett : She was shot to death.
Beckett : Your friend's address was found in her hands
Beckett : after she was killed.
Castle : Another murder. What's the connection?
Beckett : I don't know. You were the one with the gun. You tell me.
Montgomery : Beckett? A word?
Castle : Hey, Captain, how's it going?
Castle : What? You, too?
UNK: Really?
UNK: Come on, guys.
Montgomery : CSU recovered the slugs from Maya Santori and Chloe Whitman's place.
UNK: The gun was a.45, Castle was holding a.38.
Beckett : So it must have belonged to the victim for self-defense,
Beckett : which means that Castle was telling the truth.
UNK: I'd be happy to hold him if you like.
Beckett : You're free to go.
UNK: Oh, that's it?
Beckett : Bullets don't match your gun.
Beckett : You're off the hook.
UNK: I'm...
Castle : So what's our next move?
Beckett : There isn't one, at least not for you. You're going home.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Two victims, one of them an acquaintance of mine,
Castle : and you're sending me home?
Beckett : You're a witness, Castle. I can't have you involved.
Castle : I'm already involved.
Beckett : Castle, go home.
Beckett : Go back to your Hamptons, your ex-wife,
Beckett : your book parties.
Beckett : Okay? I've got work to do.
Castle : What did I do?
Martha : Darling! Hello! You must see this video.
Martha : It's absolutely charming.