Beckett : But what was his cut? I mean, what the hell were they into?
Beckett : It's like a bad joke.
Beckett : A sculptor, a vending machine salesman, and a chemistry teacher
Beckett : walk into a burlesque bar.
UNK: Yeah. Only we don't have a punch line.
UNK: Other than they made a bunch of money and got themselves killed.
Castle : Made a bunch of money.
UNK: What?
Castle : A sculptor who works with metal,
Beckett : a chemist,
Castle : and a vending machine operator.
Castle : I think I know what our victims were up to.
Castle : Do we still have Chloe's purse?
UNK: Whoa!
Beckett : What are you looking for?
UNK: A-ha!
Castle : Take a look at the serial numbers on those bills.
Beckett : They're the same.
Castle : These bills are all pre-1998.
Beckett : That's before they redesigned the currency.
Castle : That's our punch line. That's how these people are connected.
Castle : In counterfeiting, the hardest thing to make is the paper.
Castle : But they had all the paper they needed.
Castle : They had an unlimited supply of one dollar bills.
Beckett : From the vending machines.
Castle : And those chemicals we found on our victims' bodies...
Beckett : Were used to whitewash the singles in order to make blank bank notes.
Castle : A procedure requiring the expertise of a chemist.
Castle : And what do counterfeiters do with blank bank notes?
Beckett : Print larger denominations, for which they need a metal press plate.
UNK: And who better to provide that than a sculptor.
UNK: So, plates, paper.
Beckett : There's only one missing ingredient.
UNK: Castle & Beckett : I know who the killer is.
Beckett : Let's go.
UNK: Come on! Hurry up!
Kitty : Get the plates. The plates!
Beckett : Going somewhere?
Esposito : Let me see your hands.
Beckett : Step away from the bags and walk forward.
Ryan : Yeah. They're fake.
Kitty : What gave me away?
Castle : The missing ingredient.
UNK: Ink.
Castle : And who better to provide it than a tattoo artist?
Beckett : That and Evan Murphy.
UNK: You knew that we'd follow up after you told us that story.
Beckett : So you planted that gun,
UNK: but you just didn't have enough time to put his prints on it, did you?
UNK: - Sweep the area... Look out!
Beckett : Go! Go! Get him!
Esposito : Move, move, move! Let's go! Come on!
Beckett : Where's Kitty?
Castle : The money's gone.
Beckett : You stay here.
Castle : What if they come back?