House : No, that would cheapen the purity of your achievement.
Foreman : Sorry to interrupt, but we have a patient with a probable brain tumor.
Taub : Who needs an MRI with contrast. We've established that.
Brandon : What do you got on Taub?
House : I got nothing on Taub.
Thirteen : Could also be environmental.
Thirteen : We should check his studio for toxins, mold, fungus...
House : Taub's wife, on the other hand...
UNK: House.
Foreman : That's enough.
House : Dad's right. This is no time for gossip.
House : Patient desperately needs our help.
House : Check his head and his house.
Kutner : Can't Lucas... No.
House : He's very busy.
Foreman : If there is a tumor, this test will show us...
Brandon : Is that stuff dangerous?
Thirteen : This is just the contrast material.
Thirteen : There is a small risk of an anaphylactic reaction.
Brandon : I could stop breathing?
Foreman : Don't worry. We're prepared to deal with whatever happens.
Brandon : You know, I did some drawings this morning and they seem fine.
Brandon : So, maybe it was just a reaction to something I ate.
Foreman : How many people you know have reactions like that
Foreman : to something they ate for breakfast?
Brandon : But if I'm getting better...
Foreman : You'll continue to get better.
Foreman : If you're not, we need to know why not,
Foreman : so we can start treatment immediately.
Heather : Baby, let them do the test.
Kutner : Can lead poisoning cause visual agnosia?
Taub : Not without lead showing up in the blood work.
Taub : Nothing in the medicine cabinet except some harmless toiletries.
Taub : No signs of mold or fungus anywhere, either.
Kutner : You think House really got something on your wife?
Taub : No, not that I care if he did.
Kutner : Wait, your wife's doing the doorman in your bed,
Kutner : and they're sweating all over the sheets that you paid for and...
Taub : My wife's not doing the doorman. How do you know?
Taub : We don't have a doorman.
Taub : And I just do, okay? Drop it.
Kutner : In college, my friends and I came up with an Inverse-Square Law.
Taub : Sounds like a real fun group.
Kutner : The girls who you think are the most inhibited, straight arrows?
Kutner : They're the ones you hook up with.
Taub : Are you saying my wife's a slut?
Kutner : I'm saying if my wife was a slut, I'd want to know.
Kutner : His place was clean.
House : So is his head.
House : Even with contrast, no masses, no lesions.
House : A neurological symptom with no apparent neurological cause.
Foreman : Time course means we can rule out cancer and MS.
UNK: That just leaves toxins or drugs.
Taub : You called Thirteen a moron for thinking it was drugs.
House : Yeah, when she said it, she had other options.
House : And I really just wanted a segue into her stupid loan and your...
Foreman : A cavernous angioma in the brain could leak.
Foreman : Once the blood gets reabsorbed,
Foreman : pressure goes down, symptom goes away.
Thirteen : He'll never consent to petrosal vein sampling.
UNK: Really?
Thirteen : He was nervous about an injection of contrast.
House : Is his girlfriend hot?
House : I'm not talking fever, here.
House : I mean, is she all curvy and perky?
Thirteen : Very. And if he dies, it's good news for all of us, but...
House : That explains why all his paintings suck.
House : And what's wrong with him.
Thirteen : Where are you going?
House : To tell him he may have a massive brain tumor.
Thirteen : He doesn't.
House : I know. I'm not a moron. It's drugs.
House : You seem to have a massive brain tumor.
Brandon : Who are you?
Thirteen : He's Dr. House. He's pleased to meet you.
UNK: We've found no trace on any of your imaging,
House : so we need to cut your head open.
House : It's risky, but it's the only way to save your life.
UNK: No.
House : Wrong answer.
Brandon : I'm not allowed to say no?
House : You're not allowed to not be terrified.
House : There's only two good reasons not to be terrified in a hospital.
House : You're delusional, but then you're not afraid of contrast material either,
House : or you know you're fine. Since we haven't told you you're fine,
House : you obviously have information that we don't have.
House : What drugs are you on?
Thirteen : His drug tests were clean.
House : Drug tests only test for drugs they've made tests for.
Thirteen : What are you talking about?