Taub : It's not the paint, it's the drugs.
House : He's not on the drugs
Taub : I know it doesn't make sense,
Taub : but I'm looking at his paintings for the last six months.
Taub : They're normal April, June and August,
Taub : but they're distorted May, July, September.
Taub : Every other month, he was having visual agnosia
Taub : because every other month, he was on all three drugs simultaneously.
Taub : The statin was one month on, one month off.
Taub : I don't know why the symptoms keep coming and going,
Taub : but it is the drugs.
House : They're hiding under the stairs.
Taub : In the fat? That doesn't make sense.
House : I said stairs, not closet.
House : What was the last drug he was on before the drugs he was on
Taub : I'm not sure, I think...
UNK: Antacid.
House : Also, I'm looking at the file.
UNK: Yes.
Nurse : It's Dr. House.
Chase : Wake him up. We're done.
Nurse : No, no, he says he needs surgery, but not this one.
Chase : Did he give any specifics?
Nurse : Abdominal surgery to remove a bezoar.
Taub : It's like a hairball, but it's made up of undigested food.
Taub : You can get it if your stomach acid's low,
Taub : which Brandon's was because of an experimental antacid.
Chase : That is why I won't let Cameron buy a cat.
Taub : He should be fine.
Taub : Are you glad he told you the truth?
Heather : Yes. Of course.
Taub : But were you happier before you knew?
UNK: About 10 more feet.
Taub : I do know what it looks like, so maybe this whole blindfold thing...
Rachel : Shh. My gift, my rules. Bump!
Rachel : All right, if you don't like the color,
Rachel : apparently we can exchange it,
Rachel : but I'm hoping... You ready?
UNK: Ta-da!
Rachel : Do you like it?
Rachel : Baby, are you okay?
Taub : We need to talk.
Lucas : She didn't buy it.
UNK: Damn.
House : So, you didn't get anything?
UNK: Nothing. We probably overstepped.
Lucas : You're really not the cheerleader type.
House : On the other hand, I figured she probably wouldn't figure me
House : as the "Photoshopping a photo and planting it in an obscure college paper" type either.
Lucas : Yeah. About that,
Lucas : I took a little trip to your alma mater.
House : You took a little trip 150 miles?
Lucas : Online, by phone. I meant I did research.
Lucas : That's a real photo, isn't it?
Lucas : Wow, that is humiliating.
House : There was a girl.
Lucas : Even more so.
Lucas : That's too bad. You wanted her to see you in a different light,
Lucas : and not only didn't she see it,
UNK: but she didn't even believe it was possible.
House : You know, people hate people who have theories about people.
Lucase : You want me to back off?
Taub : Would you?
Lucas : I barely know you.