UNK: Why is this in here?
Lucas : First column, last entry.
House : Today is going to be a good day.
Cuddy : This him?
UNK: No. Yes.
House : She means, are you the private investigator
House : whose bills I've tried to slip through as medical expenses?
UNK: Oh. Hi. I'm Lucas Douglas, PI.
UNK: This hospital is not putting a private investigator on retainer,
UNK: nor is it going to pay any more
Cuddy : phony repairs on vending machines,
Cuddy : cryostats, or elevators.
House : Information saves lives. Saving lives saves money.
Cuddy : No, saving lives costs money,
Cuddy : which is why I'm trying to make sure there's still some left.
Cuddy : You want your own personal PI,
Cuddy : you're gonna have to pay for him yourself.
UNK: Sorry. No, I understand.
UNK: Hey, I like the shoes, by the way.
UNK: Oh.
Cuddy : Thank you.
House : You don't like her shoes, you like her legs.
Lucas : It sounds less creepy if you say shoes.
House : Less creepy, more gay.
Lucas : That's my firm's motto.
Lucas : What is a cryostat?
House : No idea. Whoever fixed ours is about to get stiffed.
Thirteen : There's no distorted perspective in any of his other recent works.
Taub : Not much talent either.
UNK: It's like the symptom just came on.
Foreman : Acute onset visual agnosia points to a stroke or brain tumor.
Taub : MRI revealed no stroke or brain tumor.
Foreman : We should do another with contrast.
Thirteen : If he's like the other struggling artists I've known,
Thirteen : he's also into drugs.
Foreman : We should... What are you looking at?
House : Apparently a moron.
House : One, ER routinely tests for drugs.
House : If it was positive, we wouldn't be looking at this file.
House : Two, who pays 12% interest on a car loan?
Thirteen : How did you... Did you run a credit check on me?
House : No, that would be illegal.
House : Interestingly enough, paying someone to run it for me, though...
UNK: What? It's part of my job.
Thirteen : Your job is to diagnose patients.
House : Which I do with a team.
House : How am I supposed to know how best to utilize that team
House : if I don't know everything about them?
House : Say that Van Gogh turns out to have neurosyphilis,
House : and our last vial of penicillin is in a storeroom
House : at the end of a 20-mile hallway with a two-foot-high ceiling.
Taub : You've discovered that one of us has been hiding the ability
Taub : to stretch or shrink themselves?
House : No, I would never out someone's superpowers.
House : This, on the other hand...
Thirteen : You crawled 20 miles?
Taub : I'll bet that really impresses the babes.
Kutner : I didn't do it to get the babes.