Thirteen : What are you talking about? I've never seen you before in my life.
Taub : We can't do the surgery.
Taub : We're back to where we started, visual agnosia.
Thirteen : We need to re-examine neurological disorders,
UNK: something slowly progressing. This isn't progressing.
Taub : It's there, then it's not, then it is.
Taub : It's a new symptom, intermittence.
House : It's irrelevant.
Taub : Since when is a new symptom irrelevant?
House : Since it points towards the same disease.
House : Intermittence can fit with Romano-Ward.
House : We still need to do a sympathectomy.
Taub : Maybe we missed something, toxins.
UNK: When? When you checked every bottle,
House : every can, every tube of paint,
House : or when you detoxed him twice?
UNK: Maybe there was a batch of toxic paint
Taub : that he used up a few months ago.
Thirteen : Then he would have been sick months ago, not now.
Taub : He's lost weight since he got here.
House : That's a symptom of trying to cram hospital food
House : down a throat he can barely get air down.
Taub : It's not a symptom,
Taub : but what if the toxins were stored in his fat cells a year ago,
Taub : and now they're being released into his bloodstream?
UNK: So where are you gonna get this old paint, the city dump?
Taub : On his old paintings. We know he hasn't sold one in ages,
Taub : but there weren't many in his studio. He's hid them somewhere.
House : If you're wrong, he could drop dead
House : from Romano-Ward at any moment.
House : You okay with that?
Taub : Just give me a few hours.
House : You got one.
Taub : I need to talk to him alone.
Taub : It's about your work. Your paintings.
Taub : I need to look at all the ones you've sold recently.
Brandon : Honey, can you give us a minute?
House : To talk about your paintings?
Heather : Brandon, please. Tell me what's going on.
Brandon : I've only sold two paintings in the last three years, since we met.
Brandon : One was to my cousin.
Brandon : I've been making money enrolling in drug trials.
Brandon : Two, three at a time.
Heather : Why did you lie to me?
UNK: I want to be...
Brandon : The way you look at me, the way it makes me feel...
UNK: I want to be what you see when you look at me.
Kutner : You think I'm that shallow?
Heather : When I look at you, I see you.
UNK: So,
Taub : where are the ones you didn't sell?