Rachel : I forgot to tell you,
Rachel : the Parker Quartet is going to play at the library fundraiser.
Taub : That's it? It was your idea.
Taub : They'll be great.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Rachel : You okay?
Taub : I couldn't find the letter opener.
Taub : I went through some of the drawers in your desk, looking for it.
Taub : There were a bunch of statements in there from Jefferson Mutual.
Rachel : I was so close.
Lucas : To what?
Taub : You've got $83,000 socked away in a secret account.
Rachel : Not anymore.
Rachel : I wanted to keep it a surprise,
Rachel : but I bought you the car.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: The one that I...
Rachel : I knew you would never buy it yourself, so I've been saving.
Rachel : And it's gonna be delivered on Friday.
Taub : You are amazing.
Rachel : Lucky you.
Thirteen : We've gradually reduced your dosage.
Thirteen : You're actually drug-free now.
Brandon : I feel great. Thanks to you.
Thirteen : All part of the job.
Thirteen : Your blood pressure is normal. Can you sit up?
UNK: Hey!
Thirteen : What are you...
Heather : What happened to his face?
Thirteen : Question is, what happened to his hormones?
Thirteen : We're gonna need an ice pack in here.
Kutner : His system has been completely cleaned twice.
UNK: So unless the drugs found a hiding place under the stairs...
Taub : Drugs could have set off a dormant neurological condition.
House : Good point. Coming clean causes a lot of damage.
House : Alienation, divorce...
Taub : My wife's buying me a car.
House : I was talking about the patient. You were wrong.
UNK: The divorce was metaphorical.
Foreman : What about Klüver-Bucy Syndrome?
Foreman : Bilateral lesions in the temporal lobes.
Foreman : Visual agnosia and hyper-sexuality are the key symptoms.
House : Good thing he's got that girlfriend.
UNK: If it's Klüver-Bucy, his brain will melt down,
House : he'll try to swallow his own hands
House : and she can take care of him for the rest of his talentless life.
Taub : You owe me an apology.
Taub : Any rationalization you had for meddling
Taub : in my private life disappeared
Taub : when she had good reason...
Taub : You're right.
House : Fact is, nothing I said applies.
House : You had no reason to forgive her,
House : therefore no reason to seek forgiveness, no reason to be an idiot.
UNK: Klüver-Bucy wouldn't explain the seizure or the cytokine storm.
Foreman : Withdrawal complications.
House : Then again, she is handing you a giant gift
House : that you don't think you deserve.
Thirteen : The fact that the MRI showed no lesions on the temporal lobe tends to rule out
UNK: your "lesions on the temporal lobe" theory.
Foreman : The damage can be a circulatory issue, rather than structural.
Foreman : We wouldn't see that on the MRI.
House : Foreman's right.
House : Go call your wife, tell her you're not coming home,
UNK: say you have to give a patient a cranial MR angiogram,
House : then say good night and hang up.
Lucas : Odd that a man who can't run would own so many pairs of sneakers.
UNK: You mind hanging this up when you're done?
Lucas : I have to find something embarrassing about you.
House : No, you don't. I ordered us Indian.
Lucas : Not too embarrassing. Just something credible.
House : Well, if you hand her that, she's not gonna need you anymore.
Lucas : If I don't hand her anything, she'll think I'm incompetent.
House : I don't care if she thinks you're incompetent.
Lucas : This isn't gonna work.