House : Red hair means it's not Klüver-Bucy.
House : Melanin affects hair color. What affects melanin?
UNK: Hormones. Hormone panels were all normal.
UNK: Age.
House : He's turning prematurely crimson?
Foreman : A genetic disorder.
Foreman : Waardenburg Syndrome causes arrhythmias and can change hair color.
House : And make you deaf. Next.
UNK: I found a long QT interval. I think it's Romano-Ward Syndrome.
House : Explains the irregular heart rhythms.
House : But not the ginger nut.
Foreman : If he's got Romano's, he's got at least five gene mutations.
UNK: It's not a big leap to think he has others that would give him the hair.
House : It also gives him the likelihood of sudden and unexpected death.
Kutner : Beta blockers don't work. His heart can't handle an ICD.
House : Pete Best.
House : Good God, has none of you ever read a history book?
House : The original Beatles drummer.
House : A bunch of nerves controls the tempo of the heart.
House : They're all playing in time, except one dude who can't keep the beat,
House : wrecks the whole thing, so we hire Ringo.
Kutner : Pete Best was actually a great drummer.
Kutner : But I assume you mean the patient needs a cardiac sympathectomy?
UNK: I probably should have just said that, huh?
UNK: You start cutting nerves, you risk his swallowing, vocal cords, sweating...
House : So he saves a fortune on karaoke machines and deodorant.
Thirteen : You think he's stable enough for surgery?
House : If he was, he wouldn't need it.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Wow. Yeah.
Lucas : Do you have any brothers and sisters?
Cuddy : One sister.
Cuddy : He told me he was on the lacrosse team.
Lucas : In high school.
Lucas : In college he just cheered the lacrosse team on to victory.
UNK: Wow. Yeah.
UNK: How was your relationship with your dad?
Cuddy : Fine. You have three more questions.
UNK: How was your relationship with your mom?
UNK: Fine.
Lucas : When did you lose your virginity?
UNK: Not something I discuss with co-workers in an elevator.
UNK: And...
UNK: And...
Lucas : You know, don't you?
Cuddy : Bit of a wasted third question
Cuddy : 'cause the answer is "Know what?"
UNK: Okay, bear with me here,
Lucas : because some people sometimes consider
Lucas : my thought processes complicated.
Lucas : I'm into you 'cause you're hot and smart,
Lucas : in that order, but both are needed.
Lucas : Photos can be retouched,
Lucas : and House is an evil genius, which makes this photo suspicious.
Lucas : And yet you're not suspicious.
Lucas : Which means either you're not smart enough to be suspicious,
Lucas : in which case, I am less interested in you.
Lucas : Or you're not suspicious because you know
Lucas : this is actually a doctored photo of House.
Lucas : In which case, I am more interested in you.
UNK: But I'm wasting my time because you know
Lucas : this is a game we are playing on you
Lucas : and I am busted and I'm screwed.
Cuddy : I know the photo's a fake.
Cuddy : I know this is a game.
UNK: Sorry.
Lucas : Too bad.
UNK: Goodbye.
Lucas : So you knew that I wasn't gonna give you anything worthwhile?
House : And you were never gonna give me anything worthwhile?
Lucas : Then why did you bother coming out with me?
Rachel : I wanted to screw with House.
Lucas : By wasting my time? That doesn't make sense.
Lucas : No. There must be another reason.
UNK: Hmm.
Lucas : Is it okay if I sit back down here?
Thirteen : We need to surgically sever the connection between your heart and brain.
Taub : We believe it's necessary, but you need to know the ramifications.
Taub : You'll never be able to feel angina.
Taub : You may not know if you have a heart attack,
Taub : may not be able to get help in time.
Brandon : Where are my regular doctors?
Brandon : Regular doctors?
Brandon : Dr. Taub and Dr. Hadley.
Brandon : Why aren't they telling me this?
Thirteen : Brandon, I am Dr. Hadley, and this is Dr. Taub.