Burton : some vacation days to work the case.
Burton : When I found this symbol, I called him.
Burton : He didn't call me back. I, uh...
Burton : I just had an awful feeling.
Beckett : Did he know who the arsonist is? Did he have any suspects?
Burton : Not that he ever told me.
Burton : He just called him the Phantom
Burton : because he seemed to be able to slip in and out of buildings
Burton : without people ever noticing.
Castle : Until now, maybe.
Burton : Well, that's gotta be it, right?
Burton : I mean, Blake went in that building because he was after the guy.
Burton : And that's who killed him.
BECKETT : It's too soon to know. But it's a place to start.
UNK: Now, we're gonna need copies of his case files
Beckett : linked to the arsonist.
Burton : Well, he took a bunch of 'em home with him.
Beckett : I'll have detectives pick them up.
Burton : The rest are at the office. I'll get them over to you.
UNK: Great.
Beckett : So, I talked to Blake McCann's co-workers, his ex-wife.
Beckett : And if he's got any enemies, I am not finding them.
CASTLE : Leaving us with the Phantom.
Beckett : Can you please not call him that? It just... It sounds silly.
Castle : Sillier than the Arsonist? Which starts with "arse"?
Castle : At least with the Phantom, he's got some mystique.
Beckett : He doesn't deserve mystique. He's a murderer.
Castle : Yeah, but killing is not a part of his usual M.O.
Castle : Until now, all the buildings he torched were empty.
Ryan : Okay. All right. So what else do they have in common?
UNK: Not much. All the buildings were older,
Castle : but some were residential, some were office buildings.
Castle : There were two in Manhattan, and the rest in
Castle : Brooklyn and in Queens.
Beckett : Were they insured?
Castle : A couple of them, but not all of them.
Castle : So it probably was not arson for hire.
Beckett : Which means he's doing this for himself.
Beckett : He's burning these buildings to satisfy an inner need.
Beckett : And, like a serial killer, there's a reason
Beckett : why he chooses the buildings he does.
UNK: There's a pattern or something.
UNK: Ooh!
Jenny : - What? - Entry from three days ago.
Castle : McCann wrote down a name, "Adam Ferguson."
UNK: - ESPOSITO : Clear. - RYAN : Clear.
Esposito : I'd say someone besides us
Esposito : is interested in Blake McCann.
Ryan : Yeah, looks like this place was tossed after he was killed.
Esposito : You thinking what I'm thinking?
Ryan : That the arsonist shot him and then
UNK: got worried McCann left a paper trail.
Esposito : He came here searching for any files
Esposito : or evidence that would point to him.
Ryan : Maybe our perp tossed the place
Ryan : because he couldn't find them.
Esposito : But McCann had no reason to hide those files.
Esposito : They'd be out on a table,
Esposito : a desk or a nightstand.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: McCann's car. Wasn't in the driveway.
Ryan : Or in the garage.
Esposito : He probably drove it to that building before he was killed.
UNK: It could still be down there.
Ryan : Yeah. With those files in it.
BECKETT : Here it is. Adam Ferguson.
UNK: And Blake McCann helped put him away
Beckett : on multiple arson counts.
Beckett : He got out of prison five years ago.
Castle : Which, by wild coincidence,
UNK: is right about the same time
Castle : those buildings started getting torched.
Beckett : Not only that, but check this out.
Beckett : Look at who Blake called on his cell the day before he was killed.
UNK: Yeah, Blake McCann called me.
Beckett : To talk about what?
Ferguson : Just a chat between friends.
Beckett : Where were you last night between
UNK: 9 : 00 and 1 : 00 a.m., Mr. Ferguson?
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Because he was murdered. By an arsonist he was hunting.
Ferguson : Well, that's a real shame.
Castle : An arsonist not unlike yourself.
Castle : Matter of fact, one of his final acts