Castle : then he visits the site.
UNK: I'm gonna need the names of all of your members
Beckett : along with records of site traffic over the past five years.
Milo : Pretty sure you need a warrant for that.
Beckett : Not if you agree to cooperate,
Beckett : - which I highly encourage you to do. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : Hey, who the hell keeps texting?
UNK: It's a news alert. There's a three-alarm fire going in Brooklyn.
Castle : Where in Brooklyn?
UNK: Uh, some factory on Arcadia Lane.
Ryan : Oh, no.
UNK: SIRENS WAILING
UNK: TIRES SCREECH
UNK: INDISTINCT SHOUTING
UNK: INDISTINCT SHOUTING
Castle : Still no answer, not from Ryan or Esposito.
UNK: Fire Chief Miller : Detective, are you sure they're inside?
Beckett : Yeah, they were checking the building
UNK: in connection with an arson-homicide.
Beckett : And they haven't called in yet.
Beckett : You need to alert your rescue teams.
UNK: Detective, the building's fully involved.
Miller : I just had to pull out the interior attack teams.
Miller : I can't send in a rescue company until it's more contained.
Beckett : Wait, more contained?
Beckett : If my guys are in there, I need you to bring them out.
UNK: If we could get in there, I would.
Miller : But there's been a partial collapse inside.
Miller : I almost lost six of my guys.
Miller : We'll do everything we can, Detective,
Miller : but this building's a fire storm, every floor.
Miller : If your guys were in there, I'm sorry, they're probably already gone.
UNK: Chief?
Beckett : Fire. What started it?
Miller : Shattered windows and structural damage
Miller : indicate some kind of explosion.
Castle : Maybe they weren't inside.
Beckett : Their car's here and they haven't called. They're inside.
UNK: I shouldn't have let them go in. Not alone. I should've just...
UNK: There's no way you could've known that.
Castle : This isn't you. It's the arsonist.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Ryan : It's Jenny.
Castle : Why would she be calling you?
Beckett : Maybe she's heard from them. Maybe she knows that they're safe.
UNK: Jenny?
UNK: Kate! Oh, thank God! Um, have you heard from Kevin?
Beckett : No, I haven't. Have you?
Jenny : No. I've been calling him to test our system,
Jenny : and he's not answering and I'm freaking out a little bit.
UNK: Um, do you have any idea where he is?
Jenny : Kate? Kate, are you there?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, I'm here.
Jenny : What's going on?
Jenny : Where's Kevin?
Beckett : Jenny, I need you to stay calm, okay? Something's happened.
UNK: REPORTER ON TV : And as firefighters struggle
Reporter : to bring the blaze under control,
Reporter : we now have unconfirmed reports that
Reporter : two NYPD detectives
Reporter : were inside the building at the time of the explosion.
Reporter : We'll be bringing you live updates as the news comes in.
Detective : Sir, is it true?
GATES : We don't know.
Gates : What we do know is that Detectives Ryan and Esposito
Gates : were investigating that building for ties to a serial arsonist.
Gates : And it's possible that the explosion in that building
Gates : was deliberately set by that same arsonist.
UNK: A man suspected in 10 other fires,
Gates : as well as the murder of a member
Gates : of the New York Fire Department.
Gates : And if it is true,
UNK: then this sick son of a bitch has just added two of our own to his list.
Burton : On your desk, you will find copies
Burton : of all the files we have on each one of these arsons.
Gates : Somewhere in there, there is a trail.
Gates : Somewhere in there, there is a clue as to who he is.
Gates : And he needs to be brought to account.
UNK: RUMBLING