UNK: COUGHS
Ryan : Maybe not.
Gates : What do you mean, they're pulling back?
Beckett : According to the IC, the building is structurally compromised
Beckett : and they can't get their men in.
UNK: At this point, they don't feel that
Beckett : it's a rescue operation anymore.
Beckett : It's a recovery.
Gates : Okay, Detective. Let me know if you hear anything more.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : - Anything? - No.
Castle : According to McCann's file, the building was condemned.
Castle : But there's nothing here to indicate why it was the next target.
UNK: Beckett! She was at the police barricades.
Beckett : Jenny, you shouldn't be here.
Jenny : The hell I shouldn't. My husband's in there. GASPS
Jenny : What's going on?
Lanie : She's having contractions.
Castle : You're in labor?
LANIE : How far apart?
Jenny : Five minutes maybe.
Castle : Whoa, no. She can't. We gotta get you to a hospital.
Beckett : Medic! Over here. This woman's in labor.
UNK: No. I'm not leaving. Not without Kevin.
Beckett : Jenny, there's nothing you can do here.
Jenny : He's inside, Kate.
UNK: And if he doesn't make it out, if this is it, I need to be here.
Lanie : Let me at least get you inside of an ambulance.
Lanie : You need to lie down so we can make sure that everything is okay.
Jenny : Okay. But I'm not leaving without him.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I can't believe this is happening.
Beckett : This is like some kind of a dream.
UNK: EXHALES I just keep waiting to wake up and it's like I can't do anything.
Beckett : It's like there's nothing we can do.
UNK: All we can do is to be here for them.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: STATIC
UNK: Hello?
UNK: COUGHS Beckett, Beckett, can you hear me?
UNK: STATIC Beckett? Beckett, can you hear me. Beckett?
UNK: Ryan?
Beckett : Ryan, is that you?
Ryan : Yeah! It's me, Beckett.
Ryan : Listen, that building that we went into,
UNK: it wasn't just the next arson target. It was his lair.
Ryan : He rigged it to blow and now we're trapped inside.
Ryan : The whole place is in flames.
UNK: Yes! I know, Ryan. We're right outside.
UNK: We've got the whole Fire Department here.
UNK: VOICE BREAKS We thought you guys were dead.
UNK: BUILDING CREAKS
Esposito : Well, we will be soon if we don't get some help.
Miller : Exactly where in the building are you?
UNK: Some kind of a sub-basement mechanical room
Esposito : about 20 feet down from the main floor.
Esposito : There's no windows, no doors.