Miller : - This doesn't make any sense. - Why?
Miller : According to these plans, this building has a slab foundation.
Miller : There is no basement area.
Esposito : Well, I don't know what to tell you, pal.
UNK: We're in some kind of basement.
UNK: So there's something's wrong with your frigging plans.
Gates : They're alive?
Castle : Yeah, but they're in an unmapped
Castle : portion of the building, a sub-basement.
Castle : The fire crews can't get to them.
Castle : We need to find them another way out of that room.
Gates : What makes you think there's another way out?
Castle : The arsonist set the explosives to go off
Castle : to eradicate all evidence if he was ever found.
Castle : But what if someone discovered him
Castle : while he was still in the building?
Gates : He'd need a way out.
UNK: I think there's a reason that
Castle : sub-basement isn't on the building plans.
Castle : I think the arsonist doctored those plans.
UNK: What makes you think that?
Castle : Ryan said when they found the workspace,
Castle : it was right next to an open airshaft.
Castle : That airshaft ran all the way down to the sub-basement.
Gates : You think it's an escape route?
Castle : If the cops were to raid this place,
Castle : and they're covering the front and the back of the building,
UNK: where's he gonna go?
Gates : To the one room that isn't on their plans.
Castle : Then he blows the place, and everyone thinks he's been killed.
Gates : What better way to cover his tracks than disappear in a fire?
UNK: But it only works if there's another way out of that room.
Gates : And the only one to know that would be our arsonist.
Castle : We need to find him.
UNK: Sir, I've got something.
Burton : I went back through the Pyrolicious website.
UNK: Six of their videos are of fires attributed to our arsonist.
UNK: Each was uploaded to the site shortly after the buildings burned.
UNK: But here's the interesting part.
UNK: One website member logged in and viewed each of these videos
UNK: just minutes after they were posted. But only these videos.
Gates : That's him. He's checking out his work. What's this member's name?
Tori : I don't have his real name. Just a username. Firebug 4-4-7.
Gates : - Who is he? - I don't know.
Gates : The man has an account on your website.
Gates : You charge your users. How can you not know?
Milo : He paid with a cashier's check,
Milo : back when I was offering a lifetime membership. He mailed it in.
Gates : - You're lying. - I swear.
Milo : I only know his username, Firebug 4-4-7.
Gates : You listen to me.
Gates : I've got two officers about to burn.
Gates : Now if you know anything about this man, you are gonna tell me,
Gates : or I will bury you as an accessory to murder.
UNK: We'd chat sometimes. Over IM.
Gates : What would he say?
Milo : We'd talk about fire. How buildings burn.