UNK: What's that? Hey, Rachel?
Phoebe : No, you can't go there!
UNK: You know how l feel about these big massage places.
Phoebe : They're putting people like me out of business.
Monica : She wants to go hunting too!
Rachel : Phoebe, come on, l don't want to waste it.
UNK: lt would be like throwing away 1 00 bucks.
UNK: Okay, this is not about the money. Okay?
UNK: lt's about corporate greed destroying our hearts...
UNK: ...and leaving us hollow shells.
UNK: l don't care about any of that.
Phoebe : Well, do you care about friendship? l feel really strongly about this.
Phoebe : Please don't use this gift certificate. l'm asking you as a friend.
Rachel : Oh, not as a friend. Phoebe!
UNK: Fine. l won't use it.
UNK: -Promise? -l promise.
Phoebe : -Thank you. -Well, l am going hunting.
UNK: Hey, honey. l missed you today.
Chandler : -Oh, yeah? -Yeah. Hey.
UNK: -What do you wanna do tonight? -Oh, well, maybe we could....
UNK: Okay, trying to turn me on by making a mess?
Monica : Know your audience.
Monica : Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests.
Monica : Until then, you need to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
UNK: Do we really need to take those tests?
UNK: l don't like the words they use, you know?
UNK: They're so clinical. This is a pee-pee, that's a hoo-hoo.
Monica : We've been trying to have a baby for a year.
UNK: l think it's a good idea to find out if everything's okay.
Monica : -Just a few routine tests. -But l don't want to do it in a cup.
Monica : -What is the big deal? -lt's weird! You're in a doctor's office.
UNK: lt's not okay to do it in a doctor's office...
UNK: ...but it is okay to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
UNK: l cannot believe Ross told you that.
Chandler : And in my defense, it was a Wendy's.
UNK: Look, l don't want to do these tests either.
UNK: But l really do think it's a good idea.
UNK: l'm sure a doctor's office can't be worse...
Chandler : ...than on a class trip to the Hershey factory.
Chandler : Oh, yeah! Rachel talks too!