UNK: Yeah, l'm kind of having a little problem.
Ross : Look, if you don't know what the word ''acrimonious'' means, just don't use it.
Joey : Look, you know Charlie, right?
UNK: -She's cool, funny, her body is so-- -Get to the problem.
UNK: Right. She's just so much smarter than all the girls l've ever dated.
UNK: Combined.
UNK: You know? And l just-- l don't want her to think l'm stupid.
Ross : Are you wearing two belts?
UNK: Hey, what do you know?
Ross : You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.
Joey : Well, she wants to go to all these cultural places...
UNK: ...and l don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out.
UNK: l don't want to get involved in your guys' relationship.
UNK: Oh, dude, please. Come on, you're the smartest person l know.
UNK: And l really like this girl, okay? l don't want to lose her.
UNK: -Fine. -Thanks.
UNK: Okay. Let's see.
Ross : -Oh, you should take her to the Met. -The Mets.
UNK: No, no, no. The Met. The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Joey : Oh, that's what she meant.
UNK: lf they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the ''Muse,'' you know?
Joey : Short for ''museum'' and avoid all the confusion.
UNK: Yeah, most days the place is packed with confused, angry baseball fans.
UNK: Okay. All right, so l'll take her to the Met.
UNK: Yeah. Okay. There's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue.
Charlie : You know what? She loves architecture.
Ross : You should take a walk down Fifth to the St. Patrick's Cathedral.
Ross : And there, there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
UNK: Jeez. Sounds like you should be going on this date.
UNK: But l'm not.
UNK: -And you know what--? -Okay, slow down.
UNK: You're going way too fast. Okay? Just go back to the Met.
UNK: So you gotta tell me exactly what to do there.
UNK: When you walk into the museum, take a right, okay?
Ross : That's the antiquities wing.
Ross : Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
UNK: Okay. So l walk in the door and make a right.
UNK: l have a weird feeling about this place. How do l know...
UNK: ...they won't secretly videotape me and put it all over the lnternet?
UNK: Because, honey, and l mean this in the sweetest way possible...
UNK: ...nobody's gonna wanna watch that.
UNK: Mr. Bing? Here you are.
Nurse : Go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.
Chandler : Deposit my specimen?
UNK: l usually have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk.
Chandler : Thanks. Got it.
UNK: All right. Honey, my tests are down the hall.
UNK: -Are you sure you're gonna be okay? -Yeah, l guess.
UNK: Look, l know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares.
Monica : No one here even knows you.
Janice : Oh, my God!
Chandler : Oh, come on!
Janice : How great is this?
Monica : We're probably fertile. Let's go home.
Chandler : Why are you here?
UNK: Sid and l are trying again and we had trouble last time--
UNK: No, no, no. l mean, why? Why is she here?
Janice : Oh, someone's a little cranky today because they have to do it in a cup.
UNK: Oh, they gave you the kiddie size.
UNK: What?
UNK: This was fun. But l've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to.
Chandler : l'd love to stay but l've got a hot date.
UNK: Please go. Just let me know if you need a hand.