UNK: She didn't leave in such a hurry after all.
UNK: This is the Three's Company episode with a misunderstanding.
Phoebe : Then I've already seen this one.
Monica : Are you through with that?
Joey : Sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
UNK: Whose ball of paper is this?
UNK: Mine. I wrote a note to myself, then I didn't need it.
Chandler : So I balled it up and now I wish I was dead.
UNK: She already fluffed that pillow. You already fluffed It's fine.
Monica : I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition.
UNK: Parents can be cruel about the flatness of a child's pillow.
UNK: Relax, you do this every time. The place looks great.
UNK: You got a lasagna here that looks good enough..
UNK: to avoid touching.
Phoebe : Monica? Hi!
Phoebe : Monica, you're scaring me.
UNK: I mean, you're all chaotic and twirly, you know?
Phoebe : Not in a good way.
Joey : Calm down. You don't see Ross getting twirly every time they come.
UNK: That's because my parents think Ross can do no wrong.
UNK: You see, he's "The Prince."
Monica : They had some big ceremony before I was born.
Monica : - What? - Ugly Naked Guy got a ThighMaster.
Rachel : - Has anybody seen my engagement ring? - It's beautiful.
Rachel : Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God!
UNK: No, don't touch that.
Rachel : Like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back.
UNK: "Hi, Barry, remember me? I'm the girl that stomped on your heart."
UNK: Now I must return the ring without the ring..
Rachel : which makes it so much harder.
UNK: Easy, we'll find it. Won't we?
UNK: Look, it's gonna be okay. You'll give it back..
UNK: - and we'll eat ice cream. - Okay. It's a pear-shaped diamond
UNK: Any diamond ring we find, we'll run it by you.
UNK: - When did you have it last? - Doy, right before she lost it.
Chandler : You don't get a lot of "doy" these days.
Rachel : I know I had it this morning.
Rachel : I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with
UNK: Dinah?
UNK: - Oh, don't be mad. - You didn't.
UNK: - Oh, I'm sorry. - I gave you one job!
Rachel : But look how straight those noodles are.
Chandler : That's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagna.
Monica : I just can't do it.
Chandler : Boys? We're going in.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: - That is not a happy "hi." - Carol's pregnant.
Phoebe : I found it!
UNK: What?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Do that for two hours, you might be where I am about now.
UNK: That puts that whole pillow thing in perspective.
Rachel : How do you fit into this whole thing?
UNK: Carol and Susan want me to be involved.
Ross : But if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.
UNK: - It's totally up to me. - She is so great. I miss her.
UNK: - What does she mean by "involved"? - Your job is done.