Wilson : I was not parked illegally. I live here.
Officer : Love note. From Detective Tritter.
FOREMAN : Heart attack.
Foreman : His cath was clean and echo showed no structural abnormalities.
Cameron : Fatigue, night sweats, weight loss preceded the heart attack.
UNK: Eighteen-year-old kid's suddenly an orphan and a single father of two.
House : Stress explains everything except the itchy feet.
Cameron : Athlete's foot covers that.
UNK: Waiters work 12 hours a day in old sneakers.
House : Good idea. Ignore the symptoms. Makes our job easy.
UNK: I'm not ignoring a symptom. I'm explaining a symptom.
Foreman : Kid's been hanging over a toilet despite antiemetic therapy.
Foreman : Persistent vomiting could indicate
Foreman : increased intracranial pressure, tumor...
House : Sure. Heart problems. It's gotta be the brain.
House : Thank God there's a neurologist in the room.
Foreman : Right. It's the feet. If only I were a podiatrist.
UNK: Probably caught an intestinal virus from one of those feral kids running around.
Chase : Repeated vomiting causes an electrolyte imbalance,
Chase : which leads to an arrhythmia, which leads to the heart attack.
Chase : And itchy feet. Nope.
Chase : That's it? Nope? I've said too much already.
Foreman : This isn't a game, House. No, it's not. But it could be.
Foreman : What are you writing? Nothing.
Chase : If you know the diagnosis, why don't...
House : How are you gonna learn to swim
House : unless I take off your floaties and throw you into shark-infested waters?
Cameron : You can't know what's wrong after a 30-second perusal of his file.
House : Apparently, you can't. Now, what's a game without rules?
House : No tag-backs. No biting. You get one test each.
House : And the clock runs until lunch. If I'm right, he'll still be alive.
House : If I'm wrong, this is a very cruel game.
STEINERMAN : You're late.
UNK: I charge for the time you were supposed to be here.
Wilson : Tritter towed my car.
Wilson : He's frozen my assets. He's on a crusade.
UNK: You're a person of interest in a narcotics investigation.
Lawyer : You're linked to their suspect and his activities.
Wilson : I'm not Pablo Escobar's evil henchman cruising into Miami in a Cigarette boat.
Wilson : I'm a physician who prescribed Vicodin to a pain patient.
Lawyer : This police report you faxed me says they found 600 pills in his apartment.
Lawyer : You prescribe those?
Wilson : He's in chronic pain. This is obviously an abuse of power.
UNK: Is that a yes or no?
Wilson : Patients build up a tolerance over the years.
Lawyer : Perfect motive for him to forge those scripts.
Lawyer : Still don't have an answer.
Wilson : What are we, like, role-playing? Yeah.
Lawyer : And you suck at it.
Lawyer : Which is really unfortunate, because you're pretending to be you.
Lawyer : I gotta get to court.
Wilson : Michael told me you could help me get my car back.
Lawyer : Yeah, divorce lawyers usually know the ins and outs of drug enforcement.
Lawyer : You want your car back?
Lawyer : You're gonna have to give the cops what they want.
Wilson : Thanks. Usually people feel helpless in these situations.
Lawyer : Dr. House is probably going to jail.
Lawyer : You keep on lying for him, you'll go right along with him.
Chase : House was on this page when he got that annoying "I'm such a genius" look.
UNK: What's there? Patient history.
UNK: He's 18. Probably drinks, smokes, does drugs.
Foreman : How close am I?
Chase : Quit drugs when his parents died. Quit smoking.
Chase : House didn't mock my viral idea. He just said it was wrong.
Chase : Which means he didn't want to give reasons.
Chase : Which means I must have been close.
UNK: I'm thinking bacterial.
Chase : I'm doing a blood culture.
Foreman : I am doing an MRI.
UNK: If it was a tumor,
Cameron : intracranial pressure could cause his brain to herniate before lunch.
Foreman : Same thing with the stress test.
Cameron : Which is why I'm ditching it. What are you doing instead?
Cameron : Not telling.
UNK: Seriously? You're playing his game?
Cameron : We're all playing his game. Might as well enjoy it.
Chase : Anybody else sick at work?
Will : I had a stomachache before him.