UNK: Shall we discuss what causes DIC,
House : or should we just send the kid back to his miserable life?
Foreman : He's not miserable. Right.
House : He's thrilled that his parents are dead and his life is over.
UNK: The restaurant's probably teeming with E. Coli, Eikenella and strep.
Cameron : Kids don't wash their hands between the potty and the party and...
UNK: Or it's a food-borne toxin. Jack eats at that cesspool every day.
UNK: And Jack's the only one who got sick?
Foreman : Kid's got tattoos, piercings
Foreman : and probably some nasty little girl who loaned him the hep A.
Foreman : Could've also given him syphilis or gonorrhea.
Wilson : I need one of you. Take Cameron.
House : Your idea was dumb anyway.
House : Chase, I need you to head back to that cesspool and get me the kid's puke.
House : Foreman, do an LP and have Cameron run down that potty-party theory.
Chase : Why don't I just test him?
House : Let's not discuss this in front of the help.
House : The amount of vomiting that kid did,
UNK: there wouldn't be enough toxins left in his system to show up in his blood.
UNK: And since he vomited in the toilet here instead of on somebody,
House : that restaurant is our only source of essential vomit.
Chase : And you couldn't say that in front of Foreman?
House : No, I couldn't say this in front of Foreman. I need a refill.
Chase : Detective Tritter knows about the scripts I wrote before.
UNK: Exactly. If you stop now, it'll look suspicious.
Chase : Does anyone fall for that argument?
UNK: Write the script.
UNK: No.
House : One prescription isn't gonna make...
Chase : We both know it's not gonna be just one.
Chase : I'd rather lose my job than lose my license.
Wilson : Daniel Silvers, prostate cancer. Needs filgrastim, two-week supply.
Wilson : Andrea Donovan, breast cancer.
Wilson : Just needs her refill on her megestrol.
Wilson : You're not writing. You want me to write?
Wilson : Well, you could phone them in. But eventually, yeah,
Wilson : probably somebody's gonna want something written down.
Cameron : I haven't met these people. I have.
Wilson : I've diagnosed them and everything. I know.
Cameron : I know. I'm not saying I don't trust you.
UNK: Just my diagnoses.
Cameron : These are gonna be my prescriptions. I... They're my patients.
Wilson : My prescriptions. My name!
Cameron : That Tritter will read on the script.
Cameron : He wants to make you miserable. You don't think he's gonna ask questions?
UNK: SIGHS
Chase : Is there anything Jack does that no one else does? Any special duties?
Ralphie : No, we got lots of bussers.
UNK: What kind of cleaning products do you use?
UNK: We got a bunch of kids running around, sticking everything in their mouths,
Ralphie : so we can't use anything toxic.
UNK: This is it. Monday's trash.
Chase : So there's no one who can maybe help get the bags out?
Ralphie : Sorry. Short-handed.
Chase : I can tip.
Ralphie : I'm pretty sure Jack's puke is in a blue trash bag with the wrapped gifts,
Ralphie : but if you find spaghetti that's the wrong vomit.
UNK: Patient beth : How much longer do I have to stay on this medication?
UNK: Patient beth : I mean, I'm nauseous all the time.
UNK: Patient beth : Maybe I should go back on the tamoxifen.
Wilson : You're doing so much better on the anastrozole, Beth.
Wilson : I'm reluctant to make a change.
Beth : I can't play with my daughter or pick her up from school.
Beth : I can barely get up and tuck her in at night.
Beth : There's got to be something else.