Jack : I don't like being sick.
UNK: But you don't want to be healthy, either.
House : This is your way out.
UNK: Guilt free.
Jack : I said I'd do it when Will's 18.
UNK: And he's able to take care of himself without you.
Foreman : Jack, your brother and sister need you. I know!
Jack : I know every second of every day that they need me,
Jack : but I'm too young to be their dad.
House : Good for you.
House : Don't pretend you're surprised.
UNK: Want to go throw stuff at people off the balcony?
UNK: Come on. Mail can wait.
Wilson : I'm referring my patients to other oncologists.
Wilson : I'm shutting down my practice. Oh, good.
UNK: 'Cause I was afraid you might overreact.
Wilson : I can't just ask my patients to wait
Wilson : because Dr. Cameron's boss won't let her come out and play!
UNK: I kept you waiting for maybe an hour... Three hours!
House : Anybody die? Not this time.
House : Cameron's available now. Use her all you want.
Wilson : So now's a better time for me to have my life taken away?
Wilson : It fits into your schedule better? Oh, poor you.
House : Think if you suffer loudly enough... You committed a crime!
House : What do you want me to do? Turn myself in?
Wilson : Yes! Yes! Do something! Go in! Show some remorse!
Wilson : Tell Tritter you'll get some help!
House : I don't need help!
Wilson : House, get out of here. Get out of here.
UNK: You are not gonna make me feel guilty about what Tritter is doing to us.
UNK: SCOFFS
Wilson : You already feel guilty.
UNK: Your mysterious shoulder pain isn't coming from your cane.
Wilson : It's coming from your conscience.
Wilson : That used to be enough.
Wilson : Despite all your smartass remarks, I knew you gave a damn.
Kama : This time...
Wilson : You were either gonna help me through this or you weren't.
Wilson : I got my answer.
House : Who's gonna drive me to school,
Will : help me with my homework?
Jack : There'll be a mom where they take you.
UNK: A real mom, someone who can cook.
Jack : Don't worry. I'll still be able to see you guys.
Kama : You said you'd make him better.
Marko : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Thank you for not telling them.
Foreman : You're a good kid.
Foreman : Three months from now, six months from now,
Foreman : you'll be visiting them and you won't be able to say goodbye.
Foreman : You're gonna know you screwed up.
Foreman : You'll take his bone marrow and you'll take them back.
UNK: And they'll be a burden and a pain,
Foreman : and your life will never be what it was supposed to be.
Foreman : But you'll be proud of yourself.
UNK: And your parents, they'll be proud of you.
Jack : I don't think so.
UNK: SIGHS
Foreman : It's what I wanna believe.