Cuddy : Well, you should be thanking them.
Cuddy : If they caved, it'd give the cops evidence
Cuddy : that you intimidated underlings to feed your addiction.
House : I hate writing thank-you notes.
House : Would it be weird if I asked Cameron to write them? You're hooking me up?
UNK: Unfortunately, if I cut you off, it'd give the cops evidence
Cuddy : that you don't really need the pain meds.
House : I knew that cleavage was a smokescreen. You're a genius.
Cuddy : You can't lift your arm. You can't pee standing up.
UNK: Gimme. You been doing physio?
Cuddy : Maybe you pulled... Yeah.
Cuddy : Your shoulder problem isn't physical.
House : We'll find out if you ever give me that... What's new?
Cuddy : What's different? Any big changes in your life recently?
Cuddy : Fight with the wife maybe?
Cuddy : It's good. Means your shoulder's a human being.
Cuddy : It's a start.
Cuddy : I'm right. Right? Yeah.
House : Just not about me.
House : I was right, right?
Foreman : They were abscesses from a fungal infection. Aspergillus.
FOREMAN : But we still have no idea why.
UNK: Our kid's immune system has a factory defect.
HOUSE : It's genetic. It can't be genetic.
Cameron : He would've been getting infections since he was an infant.
House : Not if he grew up in a bubble. Or if he grew up on Mars.
Chase : No germs there, either. I don't mean a literal bubble.
UNK: A sweet suburban bubble where mommies and daddies protect their children.
UNK: They die. Bubble bursts.
UNK: Continuing emotional trauma triggers the genetic illness.
UNK: Question is, which one?
HOUSE : The infections he's contracted narrow down the possibilities.
UNK: Hep A indicates a problem with his B cells.
Chase : Bruton's Agammaglobulinemia? Eikenella.
Foreman : Points to a complement deficiency.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Wilson : I have a patient. I need... Not now.
Lawyer : I'll go. You'll stay.
House : Patient's dying. So is mine.
House : Not in the next hour.
House : What does the syphilis tell us?
House : What does it tell us?
Cameron : It could mean chronic granulomatous disease.
UNK: And the aspergillus is a T cell issue. Common variable immunodeficiency.
Chase : Genetic testing's gonna take time.
Chase : Given the rate he's picking up infections...
House : Why don't we turn it into a race?
Foreman : Little late to be playing games with us.
House : Not you guys. The infections. What infections?
House : The infections we're gonna give him.
Jack : The only way to cure me is to make me sicker?
UNK: Each of the four possible genetic conditions
House : is most susceptible to different types of infection.
Cameron : What's that?
House : This is a cocktail of serratia, meningococcus, cepacia and rhinovirus.
House : Whichever germ gains the most ground
House : plants the flag of its leader, gives us our answer.
Jack : And how are you gonna know which one gains the most ground?
UNK: Well, that's the fun part.
UNK: See, if the meningococcus is king of the hill, you get to have another seizure.
House : Serratia will shut down your lungs. If it's cepacia, you'll have a heart attack.
UNK: And if it's the rhinovirus, you'll sneeze.
UNK: They can't all be dramatic. We good?
Jack : Hell, no.
UNK: Well, the alternative is we guess, and there's a three out of four chance