Jack : This isn't your fault, Will. Keep working.
Will : My brother's in the hospital.
UNK: Mrs. Collier won't care if I finish my homework.
Jack : Your brother cares if you finish your homework.
House : Can I be your imaginary friend?
Chase : He's a doctor.
House : How are the feet? Still itch?
Jack : Is that important? I don't know. Is it?
UNK: What kinds of drugs you into?
Chase : You don't have to talk about that right now.
UNK: No, it's okay.
Jack : I don't keep secrets from them.
Jack : They know I did drugs before our parents died.
House : Clever. Admit the past. Deny the present.
Jack : I'm clean.
Jack : I'm raising two kids. It'd be pretty irresponsible, wouldn't it?
UNK: But confiding in an eight-year-old is okay.
Jack : If I'm open with them, then they'll be open with me.
UNK: Yeah. Turning the other cheek's a good strategy in boxing.
House : Kids don't lie because they got trust issues.
House : They lie because they've got something to hide.
House : Look at him.
UNK: He's sitting there doing nothing and he's still lying.
Will : We don't lie to Jack.
House : Spelling test you failed and forgot to... No.
House : Math test? No.
House : Fight with the kid sitting next to you? He doesn't sit next to me.
UNK: And the other one's probably having sex.
Kama : I am not. Yet.
House : But when you start, you're gonna lie about it.
UNK: Colder. I'm not playing.
UNK: Keep very still for me, Jack. This won't take long.
House : How much dope did you smoke?
Jack : Does he have to be here? No. Ignore him.
Foreman : It's not his lungs. I never said it was.
UNK: What about the cigarettes? How'd you quit?
UNK: Gum? The patch? Hypnosis?
House : He went from two packs to nothing, cold turkey.
House : Or we could just make small talk.
House : You still seeing that nurse in Pedes?
House : I just don't think she's right for you.
House : You need someone detached, calculating, ambitious.
House : You need yourself in a skirt.
Foreman : Jack, he asked you a question.
Jack : I didn't really quit. I just sort of lost taste for it.
House : Interesting. Sounds like one of those symptom thingies.
Foreman : He's still puking, and he had a heart attack and itchy feet.
Foreman : It's not his lungs. I never said it was.
UNK: Ice cold.
UNK: I'm injecting ergonovine to see if your heart attack
Cameron : was caused by a spasm in the vessels surrounding your heart.
Cameron : Let me know if anything feels... unusual.
Jack : If the problems are at my heart, why did that other doctor look at my brain?
UNK: Yeah. Why did that other doctor look at his brain?
Cameron : We're just trying to eliminate as many possibilities as we can.
House : So because you think that a spasm caused his heart attack,
House : you're gonna induce another spasm?
House : Did you consent to this?
CAMERON : Everything's under control.
Cameron : Tests are gonna identify which arteries are affected so we can repair them.
House : Your meds don't seem to be doing anything.
House : So either you're wrong,
House : or his system hasn't been pushed enough to set anything off.
Cameron : You wanna get back home, right?
Cameron : I mean, you're probably already falling behind with the housework and the bills.
Cameron : How many sick days you think you'll get before they replace you?
House : Heart rate's up. Nothing else.
Jack : They can't fire me if I'm sick.
Cameron : Right. You're irreplaceable.
Cameron : Who else would they find qualified to dance with a rodent?
Cameron : How can you even support your family?
Cameron : What happens when those kids grow out of their clothes? When they get sick?
House : Still no spasm.
Cameron : They'll take those kids away from you, Jack.
Cameron : Maybe I should bring them in here right now so that you can kiss them goodbye.
House : Can't you see his heart is fine! Stop torturing him!
House : What kind of doctor are you?
CUDDY : Wonderful. Thank you so much. Okay, bye.
Cuddy : You're just getting here? Busses suck.
Cuddy : Where's your car? It's a hostage.
Wilson : Tritter wants me to testify against House.
Cuddy : You're not going to.
Wilson : Is that a question or an order?
Cuddy : Any sort of conviction will cost House his license...
Wilson : Which will cost this hospital. Relax.
Wilson : I'm not gonna mess with your precious resource.
Wilson : I told my lawyer to tell Tritter to go to hell. Marco!
Wilson : Why are all my prescriptions getting bounced back?
Marko : Sorry, Dr. Wilson. I was trying to call you. Where's your phone?