Castle : Make sure it's nice and tight.
Alexis : Yes, sir.
Martha : What on Earth are you two doing?
UNK: Research.
Alexis : Dad has Nikki Heat duct-taped to a chair in his next chapter
Alexis : and he doesn't know how to get her out of it.
Castle : I thought, what better way to figure it out
Castle : than to get into the mind of my character?
Martha : I don't know, I suppose you could just use your imagination.
Castle : I want it to be authentic. Hands.
Martha : Well, hurry taping up your father. We don't want to be late.
Martha : Oh, God. I can't believe I just said that.
Castle : Where are you two off to?
Alexis : Gram's got a dress rehearsal. I thought I'd go watch.
Martha : Watch me? Or watch the adorable delivery boy in the second act?
Alexis : Too tight?
Castle : - Perfect. - Are you sure about your mouth?
Castle : Like I said, authentic.
UNK: Mmm.
Alexis : Nod if you're okay.
Alexis : Okay, we're off. And after, we might go shopping.
Alexis : So, you don't mind, right?
Alexis : Oh, come on, Dad. We both know you'd have no respect for me if I didn't.
Alexis : Have fun, and good luck.
Martha : I don't know where she gets it from. Honestly, I don't.
UNK: Bye.
Esposito : Victim is Sophie Ronson, 35. She's in from LA for the wedding.
Beckett : - Was she a guest? - Mmm-mmm. Bridesmaid.
UNK: Bride came looking when Miss Ronson didn't show up for her hair and makeup.
UNK: Found her stuffed in that armoire.
Beckett : What do you see?
Lanie : Preliminary cause is asphyxiation.
Lanie : And from the way her windpipe is crushed,
Lanie : I'd say the killer choked her from behind.
Lanie : We've got contusions on her throat, one of her earrings is missing.
Lanie : It looks like it was yanked from her lobe.
Esposito : We searched the room. The earring's not here.
Beckett : Get CSU to print out a picture
Beckett : so that uniforms can start searching the hotel.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Time of death?
Lanie : Based on temperature and lividity,
UNK: I'd say between 3 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. This morning.
Kyra : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Let's talk to hotel security. I wanna see surveillance tapes
Beckett : and a list of all registered hotel guests.