Castle : So, who's the unlucky bride?
Ryan : Uh, her name is...
UNK: Kyra?
UNK: Rick?
Kyra : Rick Castle.
Beckett : You two know each other?
Castle : That would be an understatement.
Kyra : I read somewhere that you were working with the police,
UNK: but I never would've expected to...
Kyra : - How long has it been? - Too long.
Kyra : You look exactly the same.
Castle : And you've improved.
Kyra : You always did know how to turn a phrase.
Kyra : This is so surreal.
Kyra : It's my wedding day and you show up.
Beckett : Castle, Lanie's got something for us.
Castle : I'll catch up.
Beckett : Hmm. Okay.
Beckett : What'd you find?
Lanie : Once I turned her over,
Lanie : I saw these abrasions across her upper back.
Lanie : They were definitely made before she died,
Lanie : - probably during the struggle. - Any idea what made them?
Lanie : No. But there's an odd shape to the wounds.
Lanie : I'll have a better idea once I get her back to the lab.
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : So, how's everything going in the bridal suite?
Lanie : - Not the day they had planned. - Yeah, or the surprise guest.
Beckett : Apparently, Castle has a history with the bride.
Lanie : Ancient, modern or sexual?
Beckett : - Seems like all of the above. - You okay with that?
Beckett : Yeah. Why wouldn't I be? Just keep me posted on the labs.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So, what happened to the girl who said that
Castle : marriage was a Jurassic institution?
Kyra : - She grew up. - Hmm.
Castle : Does that mean the groom is a grown-up, too? All work and no play?
Kyra : No. He plays just enough.
Castle : He's a lucky man.
Kyra : Except today.
Kyra : All the things you worry about going wrong at your wedding...
UNK: Sorry.
Greg : Hey, honey.
Kyra : Greg, this is Rick Castle.
Greg : Rick Castle, your ex?
Castle : Oh. Yes. No. Nice to meet you.
Kyra : Rick's working with the police now.
Greg : Do they think the murderer's still in the hotel?
Castle : Well, that depends on whether the attack was random
Castle : or someone she knew.
Kyra : So, you think one of the guests could've killed her?
Castle : We have to consider every possibility.
Greg : You'll have to excuse us. We have people arriving downstairs.
Castle : Of course.
Castle : Kyra Blaine. Wow.
Beckett : I take it she was someone very special.
Castle : She's the one that got away.
Ryan : Could you please tell me your name
Ryan : and relationship to the bride and groom?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Sheila Blaine, mother of the bride.
UNK: Keith Murphy : Keith Murphy. I'm the brother of the groom.
UNK: Laurie Hill : Laurie Hill, maid of honor, friend of the bride.
UNK: Ted Murphy : Ted Murphy, groom's uncle.
UNK: Ruby Osiris-schwartzman : Ruby Osiris-Schwartzman.
UNK: Ruby Osiris-schwartzman : I was once married to Kyra's father's brother's uncle, twice removed.
UNK: Ruby Osiris-schwartzman : And boy, was that a mistake. Is the bar open yet?
Ryan : Do you have any idea who might have killed her?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Of course not.
UNK: Act One [00 : - No. - No.
UNK: No.
UNK: Keith Murphy : I heard that Sophie almost didn't come to the wedding.
UNK: Keith Murphy : She called Kyra up and tried to back out of being a bridesmaid.
UNK: Laurie Hill : But then she called and said she'd changed her mind.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : I warned Kyra that girl was too unreliable to be put in a wedding party.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : But did she listen to me? No.
Ryan : Thank you very much. Next.
Esposito : That's everyone, right? I think so.
Ryan : Wait, there's a groomsman that's not checked off.
Ryan : Mike Weitz?
Esposito : Hmm. I didn't talk to him. You?
UNK: No.
Esposito : Mr. Murphy, have you seen Mike Weitz?
UNK: Keith Murphy : - No, actually. - Has anybody seen Mike?