Castle : You said you needed space.
UNK: I didn't mean forever.
UNK: So, you've done all of this before?
UNK: Twice.
Kyra : And each time, did you think that she was the one?
Castle : It seemed like the right thing to do at the time.
Kyra : But it wasn't, was it?
Kyra : Some girls would think what happened today is a sign.
Greg : The murder?
Castle : And you.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : We're on our way. I thought you might need a ride.
Kyra : I should go upstairs. They'll be looking for me.
UNK: Cake?
Beckett : No, thank you.
Castle : We met in college. We were together nearly three years.
Beckett : I didn't ask.
Castle : Yes. You were not-asking very loudly.
Beckett : She's different from your ex-wives.
Castle : What do you mean?
Beckett : She's real.
Beckett : I didn't think you went for real.
Beckett : Tough breakup?
Castle : It was a long time ago.
Kyra : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : - You called? - Yes.
Lanie : I found traces of metal in the abrasions on Sophie's back.
Beckett : - What kind of metal? - I have no idea.
Lanie : But I sent a sample over to the FBI lab
Lanie : to see if they can narrow down the chemical signature.
Lanie : We should have the results tomorrow.
Beckett : If I find the object that made the wounds, you'll be able to match it?
Lanie : - Absolutely. - Great. Anything else?
Lanie : You tell me.
Martha : - What? - Don't "what" me. Castle's lost love.
Beckett : - Yeah, what about it? - Girl, I'm gonna smack you.
Lanie : You work side by side every day.
Lanie : He writes a sex scene in his book about you that had me reaching for ice water.
Lanie : Now Little Miss Bride shows up. Don't tell me you're not the least bit jealous.
Beckett : Oh, please. You've been inhaling too many autopsy fluids.
Lanie : Honey, just because you can't see what's going on,
Lanie : doesn't mean everyone else doesn't see what's going on!
Beckett : - Shut up! - Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : 'Cause I see it. You may not, but I do.
Esposito : There's a lot of detail
Esposito : - in this love scene. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Aren't you guys supposed to be running background checks?
Alexis : - We are. - On the bride.
Ryan : All day yesterday, I kept feeling like I'd heard the name Kyra Blaine before.
Ryan : And then it hits me.
Esposito : "For Kyra Blaine, you make the stars shine."
Beckett : When I'm not here, do you guys braid each other's hair
Beckett : and debate who's the coolest Jonas brother?
Esposito : - No. But it's totally Nick. - Absolutely Nick.
Esposito : - Yeah. Kevin's the talented one. - Yeah, Nick's the cute one. Joe?
Beckett : - The key card. - Mike's key card!
Beckett : Hotel records indicate that Mike's key card last accessed his hotel room
UNK: at 2 : 00 a.m. Yesterday morning.
Castle : Only he was busy passed out in the supply closet with a belly full of roofies.
Beckett : So, who swiped into Mike's room?
Beckett : Mike said his key card was missing when he woke up.
Castle : - Sophie must have stolen it. But why? - Thank you.
Castle : Didn't uniforms already search this room when he went missing?
Beckett : Yeah. Mike said he didn't notice anything out of place.
Castle : So, what could be so important in this room
Castle : it'd be worth the trouble of drugging a man?
Beckett : Maybe it wasn't this room she was trying to get into.
Beckett : The only reason to unlock the door adjacent to yours is if...
Castle : You knew who your neighbor was.
Beckett : Maybe Sophie only wanted to get into Mike's room
Beckett : so she could get into this one.
Castle : So, whose room is this?
UNK: Castle.