Beckett : Sophie's missing earring. This could be where she was killed.
Greg : Hey, what are you doing in my room?
Greg : This is crazy. I did not kill Sophie Ronson.
Castle : Then how did her earring end up in your room?
Beckett : You have a chance to come clean here, Greg. If I were you, I would take it.
UNK: I got back to the room around 1 : 00.
Greg : I was pretty drunk.
Greg : Next thing I know, it was 2 : 00 in the morning
Greg : and somebody was in bed with me
Greg : and they had their hands down my pants.
Greg : I thought it was Kyra.
Greg : I figured she'd changed her mind about spending the night apart.
Beckett : But it wasn't. It was Sophie.
Castle : And you figured, "What the hell, love the one you're with."
UNK: Act One [00 : - No! - Oh, come on, Greg!
Castle : Sophie's a beautiful girl
Castle : and you were hours away from strapping on the ball and chain for life.
Greg : No. I love Kyra.
Greg : I would never cheat on her, especially with Sophie.
Beckett : Why especially with Sophie?
Castle : Had you slept with her before?
Greg : Why is he here? He's a writer, not a cop.
Beckett : Answer the question, Greg. Did you ever sleep with Sophie?
Greg : Once or twice.
Greg : But it was before Kyra and I even met, and we both knew that it was a mistake.
Castle : A mistake that Sophie tried to repeat. Or maybe she succeeded.
Greg : No. When I saw her, I freaked. I shoved her away, she fell on the floor.
Greg : That must've been when her earring came off.
Greg : Before I could do anything else, she ran out the door.
Greg : I mean, it all happened so fast, it didn't even seem like it was real.
Beckett : Why didn't you say anything when you found out that Sophie was murdered?
Greg : Because I knew how it would sound.
Castle : Pretty much like it sounds right now. Like a lie.
Greg : Okay, that's it. I want him gone.
Greg : He's clearly got it out for me
Castle : I'm not the murder suspect here.
Greg : I am done answering questions until he is gone.
Castle : - You don't make demands here, Greg. - Castle.
Beckett : Go and see if Ryan and Esposito have come back with the forensics
Beckett : from Greg's hotel room.
Beckett : Now walk me through what happened again.
UNK: Ted Murphy : Hey, don't you worry
UNK: Ted Murphy : about this, Greg. I got your back covered.
Greg : Thanks, Uncle Teddy.
Martha : Can't believe you're letting him just walk out of here.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I don't have enough evidence to convict him.
Castle : Don't tell me you believe that story. It's like a porn movie gone wrong.
Beckett : Exactly. And if you were going to make up a story,
Beckett : would you make up something like that?
Castle : So? The guy is a suit, not a storyteller. It doesn't make him any less guilty.
Beckett : Look, don't get me wrong, he's still our best suspect.
Beckett : I'm just not as ready to convict him of murder as you seem to be.
Castle : Is that why you kicked me out of the interrogation?
Beckett : It was clear that I was going to get more out of Greg alone.
Beckett : You're just too close to this case to see that.
Castle : - You mean I'm too close to her. - Yes. And you know how I know that?
Beckett : If you weren't, you'd be all over the possibility
Beckett : - that Kyra could have killed Sophie. - That's impossible.
Beckett : See, that's not what Richard Castle would say.
Beckett : He would paint a picture about the night before the wedding.
Beckett : About how Kyra couldn't fall asleep and so she went down to see Greg,
Beckett : only to find Sophie emerging from his room.
Beckett : the night before their wedding was too much.
Beckett : And so she follows Sophie to her room and confronts her.
Beckett : And when things get violent, Sophie ends up dead.
Beckett : You have to stay away from her, Castle, until this case is closed.