UNK: Roofies?
Beckett : Why would a bridesmaid need roofies?
UNK: You wanna take advantage of a guy,
Castle : knocking him unconscious kind of defeats the purpose.
Castle : Best way? Just ask.
Castle : Hello, Sheila.
UNK: Richard.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Figures you'd be at the heart of this mess.
Castle : Detective Beckett, this is Sheila Blaine, mother of the bride.
Castle : So, I guess I didn't end up homeless
Castle : or teaching at a third-rate college in New Hampshire after all.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : There's still time.
Castle : I've missed our special talks.
Castle : Sheila didn't approve of struggling artists.
Castle : You must like Greg, though. He's from money, right?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : It was never about the money, Richard. It was about character.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : And you would know that, if you had any.
UNK: Wow!
Beckett : Just imagine, if things had worked out, you'd be spending
Beckett : Thanksgivings with her.
UNK: Beckett. Okay, great.
UNK: They think they found Mike. Come on.
UNK: Mike Weitz : Help! Anybody! Help!
Beckett : Mr. Weitz? Mike.
UNK: Where's that bitch, Sophie? I'll kill her!
Castle : Timing very poor.
Castle : - What happened? - That little freak drugged me.
UNK: All right, Mike.
Beckett : Walk me through what happened with you and Sophie last night.
UNK: Mike Weitz : She came on to me is what happened. Acted all flirty, brought me a drink.
Castle : - A drink spiked with roofies. - Yeah. Nuts, right?
UNK: Mike Weitz : I mean, who roofies a guy? All a girl has to do is ask.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : - Did the two of you have history? - No.
UNK: I mean, I saw her last year at Greg and Kyra's engagement party.
UNK: Mike Weitz : She was definitely the kind of girl you noticed.
UNK: Mike Weitz : But, no, I, I don't think we so much as even talked.
Beckett : Any idea why she would want to drug you?
UNK: Mike Weitz : No clue.
Beckett : Did she seem angry, nervous or scared?
UNK: Mike Weitz : No, she seemed determined.
UNK: Mike Weitz : Guess I should've known it was too good to be true, huh?
Beckett : If you can think of anything else, let us know.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : What was Sophie up to last night?
Castle : She went out of her way to get those drugs, she definitely had a plan.
Beckett : To roofie Mike and lock him in a closet? What kind of a bizarre plan is that?
UNK: Maybe...
Castle : No. I got nothing.
Ryan : Oh, dude. Catering! Grab it.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : - What are you guys doing? - I haven't eaten all day.
Ryan : These potato pancakes are incredible.
Beckett : You know what else is incredible?
UNK: How much information we're gonna find
UNK: once we start investigating our victim's life.
UNK: I want to know everything about Sophie Ronson
UNK: from the moment that her plane landed in New York
UNK: till the moment she was found dead.
UNK: Who she called, what she did and where she ate.
UNK: This is Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: I need a warrant on financials for a Sophie Ronson.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: In about an hour.
Kyra : Couldn't let it go to waste.
Kyra : How did you find me?
UNK: I just figured, what was the one place
Castle : where no one would think to look for you?
Kyra : - At a wedding? - At your wedding.
UNK: Where's...
Ryan : - Greg. - Right.
Kyra : He's taking care of things. He's good at that.
Kyra : So, if you don't get married, is it just a regular old cake?
Castle : It's still wedding cake. It's tiered, got flowers, it's in a ballroom.
Kyra : If things had gone as planned today,
Kyra : I would be twirling around on the dance floor with my husband right about now.
Castle : Do you remember the last time we danced?
Kyra : Under the clock at Grand Central Station.
Castle : You were on your way to JFK to catch a flight to London.
Kyra : You were supposed to follow me.