UNK: Laurie Hill : Oh, God. He was with Sophie at the rehearsal dinner.
UNK: Ted Murphy : She's right. I saw them together in the bar after.
UNK: Keith Murphy : You don't think something happened to him, too, do you?
Ryan : None of the guests have seen Mike since last night.
Esposito : We checked his room. The bed's made,
Esposito : his tux is still hanging in the closet
Esposito : and his key card shows his last entry at 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: 2 : 00 a.m., all right. Any signs of foul play?
Ryan : No. But his toothbrush and bags are still there.
Beckett : Have hotel security start searching the premises.
Kyra : You think we're going to find another body?
Beckett : More likely, Mike's our killer, and he ran off after strangling Sophie,
Beckett : so put an APB out, get Mike's photos to all airports and train stations.
Ryan : I'll check back with the wedding guests.
Ryan : See if I can get a clearer picture of Mike and Sophie's interactions.
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Castle : Or we could watch last night's festivities for ourselves.
Castle : On these handy-dandy digital video cameras.
Beckett : That's Mike giving the speech.
Castle : And that's Sophie looking away from us.
Ryan : - Who takes a call during a speech? - Right? Rude.
Esposito : Wonder who she's talking to.
Beckett : Pause that.
Beckett : Does anyone else find it odd
Beckett : that Sophie would leave in the middle of Mike's speech?
Esposito : Maybe whoever called wanted to meet.
Castle : Yeah. But who? Everyone at the rehearsal dinner is sitting in that room.
UNK: According to the time code, that call came in at about 7 : 41.
Ryan : Sophie's cell phone history shows the call came from hotel lobby.
Beckett : Check with the hotel,
Beckett : see if they have any security cameras covering the phones.
Esposito : It's perfect, thanks.
Ryan : Wait a minute, I know this guy. Gamble, Boyd Gamble.
Esposito : - So, he's a dealer? - Mostly weed and coke back in the day.
Ryan : Did a couple years for assaulting another drug dealer
Ryan : who was trying to muscle in on his turf. Beat him up real bad, too.
Esposito : Sounds like he's got a bad temper. Maybe he's graduated to murder.
Beckett : Great. Go pick him up.
Kyra : - Was that about Mike? - Uh, no. Just following up on a lead.
Beckett : - Your dress is lovely, by the way. - Oh, thank you so much.
Kyra : - It's Kate, right? - Yeah.
Kyra : I feel like I know you a little. From Nikki Heat, the dedication.
Kyra : - Oh. - I still read all of Rick's books.
Beckett : Yeah, well, most of that book
Beckett : is just a result of Castle's overactive imagination.
Kyra : It's funny that you call him that, "Castle."
Kyra : When I knew him, he was just "Rick," fresh off his first best-seller.
Kyra : Well, overactive imagination or not,
Kyra : I know he only dedicates his books
Kyra : to people he really cares for.
Esposito : You wanna tell us how that happened?
UNK: Boyd Gamble : She met me in the park.
UNK: Boyd Gamble : We had a mutual acquaintance who recommended my services.
Castle : She knew I could get her what she needed.
Ryan : Why didn't you just sell her the drugs and be done with it?
Ryan : - Why did you show up at the hotel? - Because she needed a specialty item.
UNK: Boyd Gamble : I didn't have any on me, so I told her I'd call her when I did.
Esposito : What specialty item?
UNK: Flunitrazepam.