Beckett : - Anything back from the lab? - Nothing useful.
Esposito : Greg's hair and fiber samples came back negative.
Esposito : Other than the earring,
Esposito : there's no physical evidence tying him to the murder.
Ryan : So I retraced Sophie's steps leading up to the wedding.
Ryan : She checked into the Beaumont on Friday,
Ryan : but she flew into the city on Thursday morning.
Beckett : What was she doing all day Thursday?
UNK: Keith Murphy : I don't know. I didn't even see her until the rehearsal dinner
UNK: Keith Murphy : and we didn't even talk.
UNK: Ted Murphy : I'm afraid I can't help you. I barely knew the girl.
UNK: Laurie Hill : No, the first time I saw Sophie
UNK: Laurie Hill : was at the wedding breakfast on Friday morning.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : I have no idea what Sophie was doing, but I'm sure it was nothing good.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Did you know that she called me after the engagement party
UNK: Sheila Blaine : to ask me to pay for her flight?
Ryan : - And did you? - Of course not.
UNK: Boyd Gamble : I told her, "People have to make their own way."
Esposito : So you have no idea what Sophie did on Thursday?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : No, but guess what she was doing on Friday when I first saw her.
Esposito : - What's that? - Shopping at the hotel store.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Here she is telling everybody
UNK: Sheila Blaine : how broke she is, and somehow,
UNK: Sheila Blaine : oh, suddenly she has money to burn.
Beckett : Between the shoes, the dress, the hotel and the flight,
Beckett : Sophie must have dropped three grand on this weekend, easy.
Esposito : I don't know how. Her bank balance is $ 18
Esposito : and her credit cards are maxed out.
Castle : How much did the drug dealer say she paid for the roofies?
Ryan : Two hundred bucks. Cash.
Esposito : Problem is, Sophie withdrew her last $ 100 to fly to New York.
Esposito : As far as I can tell, she didn't have the 200 bucks to give.
Castle : So, who paid for the drugs?
Beckett : Forget the drugs. I've been a bridesmaid six times.
Beckett : How did she pay for the dress?
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Beckett : So, not only did Sophie pay for her flight in cash,
Beckett : but she also made her last three rent payments in cash, as well.
Castle : - Any idea where it all came from? - Not yet.
Castle : So, six times a bridesmaid, huh?
Castle : You wouldn't happen to have any pictures, would you?
Ryan : Who feels like watching a little bridal shop surveillance video?
UNK: Is it good? Will I be shocked?
Esposito : Oh, you definitely did not see this one coming.
Beckett : Okay, there's Sophie.
Beckett : - Greg's Uncle Teddy. - He said he barely knew her.
Ryan : Oh, he definitely knew her. According to the bridal shop owner,
Ryan : when Teddy was paying for the dress,
Ryan : Sophie told him she wasn't sure if she could go through with it.
Esposito : But Teddy said, after all he'd done for her, she couldn't back out now.
Castle : Now, I've heard of brides getting cold feet, but bridesmaids?
Beckett : - Did he pay for the dress in cash? - Yeah. How'd you know?
Beckett : All that cash means that Uncle Sugar Daddy
Beckett : didn't want a paper trail tying him to whatever Sophie was doing for him.
Castle : Yeah, but what could it be?
Castle : And why was it so important for Sophie to go to Greg's wedding?
Greg : This is ridiculous.
Greg : You don't have enough to build a case against me,
Greg : so you go after someone else in my family?
Beckett : - We're trying to get to the truth. - By hauling in my uncle?
UNK: For God's sakes, he barely knew Sophie.
UNK: And yet he paid for her $ 700 dress and her plane ticket out here.
Greg : He bought her dress?
Beckett : If he barely knew her, why would he do that?
Greg : We heard through the grapevine that Sophie might have some trouble
Greg : making the money to come out here to the wedding.
Greg : Maybe Teddy was trying to help her out, for us.
UNK: That doesn't explain the $ 1,500 that he paid her the last three months.
Greg : - He was... He was paying her? - Mmm-hmm.
Greg : - For what? - Some kind of deal they got going on.
Castle : We think it could have something to do
Castle : with the way she was behaving the night before your wedding.
Greg : Yeah, sure, he paid Sophie to roofie a groomsman
Greg : and then to climb into bed with me.
Beckett : Look, we know how this sounds.
Greg : Yeah, it sounds like something out of one of Rick's little books.
Greg : Little books?
Greg : What would even be the point of that, except to mess up the wedding?
Greg : Why the hell would Teddy want that?
Castle : - That's what we're trying to find out. - Oh, my God. For God's sakes.
UNK: Next you're gonna tell me that he's in love with Kyra, too.
Castle : - What is that supposed to mean? - You guys.
Greg : You know damn well what it's supposed to mean.
UNK: No, Greg, I don't.
Castle : If you've got something to say to me, why don't you just say it?
Greg : I love Kyra, Rick. She means the world to me.
Greg : Maybe you can't see it, maybe you don't care,
Greg : but Teddy has been nothing but supportive of us the whole way.
Greg : He filed our wedding license. He helped us write our prenup.
Greg : He always looks after...
UNK: What?
Greg : I got to make a call.