Beckett : And get records for her room phone and her cell.
Esposito : I'm on it.
UNK: Hotel says only one key card was issued to the victim.
UNK: It was last used to enter the victim's room at 3 : 18 a.m.
Beckett : Okay, well, that coincides with time of death.
Beckett : Where are the bride and groom?
Ryan : Bridal suite at the end of the hall. Greg and Kyra.
Beckett : Okay, have uniforms assemble the wedding guests in the bar
Beckett : - to be interviewed. - Where's Castle?
Beckett : I don't know. Figured the death of a bridesmaid would be right up his alley.
Ryan : Heard "wedding" and probably got cold feet.
UNK: Hmm...
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : When was the last time that you saw Sophie?
Kyra : At the rehearsal dinner last night. I don't even think I talked to her.
Kyra : She came all this way for us, and I don't think I even said hello.
Greg : It's not your fault, Kyra. It was a crazy day.
Kyra : Did you talk to her after I went up to bed?
Greg : No. You know how Uncle Teddy is.
Greg : He wouldn't let me leave without doing tequila shots.
UNK: I escaped up to my room around 1 : 00.
Greg : I'm not sure if Sophie was still at the bar.
Beckett : The two of you weren't in the same room last night?
UNK: No.
Greg : It's bad luck to see the bride before the wedding.
Beckett : Is there anything else you can tell me about Sophie?
Beckett : Was she in a relationship? Did she have any enemies?
Kyra : I don't know. She lived in LA and we were never super close.
Greg : Sophie introduced us. She's the reason we're together.
Kyra : So, when we were planning the wedding,
Kyra : we thought she should be there.
Kyra : But the engagement party was the first time we'd seen her
Kyra : in a couple of years. And now she's dead.
Kyra : Who would do something like this?
Beckett : That's what we're here to find out.
Joe : - Here you go. - Thanks, Joe. It's great.
Beckett : - Hotel security? - Yeah.
Esposito : They do background checks on all their employees.
Esposito : Seemed pretty sure there wasn't a killer among them,
Esposito : but he gave me the list. He's also pulling surveillance tapes.
Esposito : Good news is the elevators are all wired.
Esposito : Bad news is the stairwells and hallways aren't.
Ryan : Oh, look who it is.
Esposito : We were about to send out a search party. Where you been?
Castle : I got a little tied up with work.
Castle : - Which way to the crime scene? - Sixth floor.
Kyra : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Hey, bro. Is that duct tape on your pants?
Castle : Hmm. Yes. Yes, it is.
UNK: So, a bridesmaid, huh? What happened?
Castle : Wouldn't get caught dead in that dress?
Ryan : They're actually not that bad. A subtle mauve chiffon.
Esposito : Dude, really? Mauve?
Ryan : What? I have sisters. You should have seen their dresses. Hideous.
Castle : Bridesmaid dresses are supposed to be hideous.
Esposito : Really? Why?
Beckett : So that the bride looks more beautiful in comparison.
Castle : Ah, see? Not a woman alive who doesn't think about her wedding day,
Castle : not even Kate Beckett.
Castle : Tell me you never tore a picture of a wedding gown out of a magazine.
Beckett : I've never torn a picture of a wedding gown out of a magazine.
Castle : - You're lying. She's lying. - Mmm-hmm.