Beckett : Richard Castle, what the hell are you doing?
UNK: Nothing.
Martha : - She's getting married to another man. - It's just a picture.
Martha : No. It's a loaded gun.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Is everybody's wedding like this?
UNK: Act One [00 : - Kyra... - So, my bridesmaid's dead,
Castle : You've just been through a bad shock. That's all.
Kyra : Will you come meet me somewhere?
Castle : - I don't think that'd be a good idea. - Please?
Kyra : I just need to get out of the hotel for a little while.
Kyra : If I have to listen to my mother judge me anymore,
Kyra : - I might start taking hostages. - I understand completely.
Castle : How about the roof?
Kyra : Our secret roof. That's perfect.
Martha : Oh, brother. I hope you know what you're doing, kiddo.
Castle : Yeah. Me, too.
Kyra : How did you know the door would still be unlocked after all these years?
Castle : Some things never change.
Kyra : We spent so much time up here that summer.
Kyra : You would come over after I got out of class,
Kyra : bag of food in one hand and that notebook in the other.
Castle : And then I would write and you would pretend to study.
Kyra : - I wasn't pretending. - Oh?
Kyra : Okay, well, I just had a hard time keeping my hands off of you.
Castle : Does Greg know you're here?
Kyra : He told me about Sophie in his room.
Kyra : And about him and Sophie before.
Kyra : He said he was sorry he didn't tell me.
Castle : Do you believe him?
Castle : - I just don't want to see you get hurt. - Hmm.
Kyra : Too late.
UNK: I missed you, Rick.
UNK: And I didn't realize how much until I saw you yesterday.
Castle : I missed you, too.
Beckett : What did I tell you?
Martha : - What? - Did I or did I not make myself clear?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Do you know how much it annoys me knowing what you're doing?
Beckett : Touching things that shouldn't be touched.
Beckett : Yanking on things that shouldn't be yanked.
Kyra : No, no. Nobody yanked on anything.
Beckett : Really? Then how do you explain this?
Castle : - Huh? - Oh, don't give me that look.
Beckett : I've told you a million times not to mess with my chair.
Castle : Right. No, I'm sorry. And it won't happen again.
Castle : I saw her last night.
Ryan : I know.
UNK: What?
UNK: - You had me under surveillance? - Not you, Kyra.
Castle : Why would you have Kyra under surveillance?
Beckett : She's a murder suspect.
Castle : Oh, no, no. See, Sophie's murder was an isolated crime of passion.
Castle : Watching Kyra after the fact would be a waste of police resources,
Castle : which we both know you would not do.
Beckett : I had to make sure that you didn't do anything stupid, which you did.
Castle : We just kissed. That's all that happened.
Beckett : That's all that happened for now.
Esposito : Hey, the...
Esposito : Everything okay?
Esposito : - Yeah. - No.
UNK: Okay. Financials came in on our groom. No red flags.
Esposito : He actually lives pretty modest for someone with a trust fund.