Rachel : You know, Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday...
Rachel : ...my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house.
Rachel : And then he would draw a treasure map to help me find them all.
Phoebe : I love family traditions like that.
Phoebe : When Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday...
Phoebe : ...our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food.
Monica : - Hey, guys. - Hi.
Ross : - I brought the camera for Emma's video. - Oh, good!
Rachel : We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma...
UNK: - ... and we'll give it to her when she's 18. - Oh, cooI.
Phoebe : - Wow, it's like a time capsule. - Yeah.
Phoebe : Oh, just think, she's gonna be watching that video on a TV...
Phoebe : ...that hasn't even been invented yet...
Phoebe : ...with friends who, right now, are just, like, babies.
Phoebe : And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built...
Phoebe : ...to escape the ant people.
Ross : That's the hope.
Ross : - So is Emma awake yet? - No, it's still naptime.
Rachel : - But she'll be up soon. - Where's Joey?
UNK: I said, it's still naptime.
UNK: - Hey, there's Uncle Joey. - Hey.
Ross : Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday.
UNK: - Eighteen, huh? - Joey, no!
Joey : What? What? It's for her hot friends.
Ross : When they see this, you'll be 52.
Joey : And starting to think about settling down.
Rachel : Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on?
Joey : Love to. Yeah.
Joey : - We were supposed to bring presents? - Yeah. I wrote Emma a song.
Joey : Oh, yeah. How was I supposed to know?
Phoebe : - Joey, it's a birthday party. - Yeah, but for a 1-year-old.
Joey : What's the point? The other day she laughed for an hour at a cup.
Joey : Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it, dressed as a farmer.
Joey : And he's standing next to this cow, and the cow says, "El-moo. "
UNK: Man, that's a funny cup.
Monica : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: - Where's the birthday girI? - Oh, she's still napping.
Chandler : She was probably up all night excited about the party she knows is happening.
UNK: I know you guys really want to get to Vermont, and this isn't a big deaI to you.
UNK: But it really is to us, okay? Emma will never have a first birthday again.
Monica : You're right. We're sorry.
Monica : Let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started!
Rachel : She didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her.
UNK: Are you frigging kidding me, Greene?
Chandler : - Hi! - Hey!
UNK: - I'm so glad you came. - I can't believe Emma's already 1.
Judy : I remember your first birthday.
Judy : Ross was jealous of all the attention we were giving you.
Judy : He pulled on his testicles so hard...
Judy : ...we had to take him to the emergency room.
Ross : There's something you didn't know about your dad.
Joey : Hey, Mr. and Mrs. Geller. Let me help you with that.
Jack : - Thank you. - Oh, man, this is great, huh?
Joey : The three of us together again. You know what would be fun?
Joey : If we gave this present to Emma from all of us.
Jack : Which one are you?
UNK: - I can't believe Emma's still asleep. - I know. What are we gonna do?
Monica : I've got a plan. I've got a plan.
Monica : I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs.