Beckett : A lot of things point to her, sir.
UNK: As it did with Pam Hodges and Daniel Santos. But no actual proof.
Gates : At the time, you felt that 3XK
UNK: might have played a part in those murders.
Gates : Do you think he played a part in this one, too?
Beckett : I don't have any evidence of it yet, sir.
Beckett : And we haven't found any actual proof
Beckett : that Jerry Tyson is still alive.
Beckett : It's possible that Kelly Nieman
UNK: is the serial killer in her own right.
UNK: She's as shrewd
UNK: and high-functioning of a sociopath as he ever was.
Gates : If Dr. Nieman is involved in this murder,
Gates : how can I make sure that she doesn't
Gates : slip through our fingers again?
Beckett : You could bring Castle in to consult on this case.
Gates : No, Detective...
Beckett : Sir, he knows the Nieman case inside and out.
Beckett : He could be a huge asset.
Gates : Well, I am inclined to agree with you, but...
Gates : Mr. Castle
Gates : works on this case only.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Gates : Don't thank me yet. I still have to get the DA on board.
Ryan : Excuse me, Captain. We looked into Kelly Nieman.
Ryan : She has a surgical clinic in Costa Rica,
Ryan : but she also began seeing patients right here in the city
Ryan : six months ago, through a cosmetic surgery group.
UNK: Where?
Ryan : Saint Simon's Hospital. Eighth floor.
Beckett : Pam Hodges was murdered and so was Daniel Santos.
UNK: And the only person that they have in common is you.
Nieman : What possible motive would I have for killing anyone?
Ryan : She volunteered as a prison doctor.
Ryan : Not only that, she treated Jerry Tyson.
Castle : She's gotta be Tyson's girlfriend.
Beckett : He taught her everything he knew.
Esposito : We got here too late.
Esposito : Nieman cleared out. She's gone.
Gates : You think you've got this
UNK: Jerry Tyson : all figured out, but you don't.
Beckett : We meet again, like the song says.
UNK: Kate Beckett. Mmm.
UNK: Kelly Nieman : Such lovely features.
UNK: Kelly Nieman : What skilled hands could do with you.
Beckett : I'm not interested in a consultation.
Nieman : Neither am I.
Nieman : You do know your little theory
Nieman : that I played a role in those deaths
Nieman : damaged my practice, my reputation.
Nieman : But I can truly say that's all in
Nieman : the past now, and I bear you no malice.
Beckett : Well, that's a relief. What can you tell me about Susan Watts?
Nieman : I'm not familiar with that name.
Beckett : She was a client at NewStart Horizons.
Nieman : Many women are.
Beckett : So, you never met her there?
UNK: I donate to NewStart Horizons, Detective,
Nieman : but it's not where I spend my time. And I don't know Susan Watts.
Beckett : Does this refresh your memory?
Beckett : She got a job that apparently doesn't exist.
Beckett : She also had cosmetic surgery performed by you.
Nieman : You must be mistaken. I never forget a face.
Nieman : Especially if I cut it.
Beckett : So, I suppose you won't mind
Beckett : if I take a look at your patient records, just to be sure?
Nieman : Of course not.
Nieman : I just need to see a court order signed by a judge.
Beckett : I'll get one.
Nieman : Not based on casual suspicions, which is all you seem to have.
Beckett : I'll be back.
Nieman : A parting gift?
Nieman : A facial rejuvenation kit. My own product line.
Beckett : No. Thank you.