Ryan : Susan Watts. Born in Vestal, New York.
UNK: High-school dropout. Multiple arrests.
UNK: Check kiting, petty larceny, busts for possession.
UNK: The last one got her sent to Albion,
UNK: but she was released six months ago.
Beckett : Anything since then?
Ryan : No, that was her last known contact with law enforcement.
Beckett : What about known associates?
Beckett : Maybe she was hanging out with someone that knows who killed her.
Ryan : No associates listed, but I do have Susan Watts's address.
Katrina : Can I help you?
Beckett : Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : I need to ask you a few questions about Susan Watts.
Katrina : Why? Did something happen?
Katrina : I quit smoking seven years ago,
Katrina : and I really want a cigarette right now.
Beckett : Katrina, when was the last time
Beckett : you saw Susan or talked to her?
Katrina : Maybe three months ago. About the time she moved out.
Beckett : She moved out? Where'd she go?
Katrina : I don't know. She didn't stay here long. Less than six months.
Beckett : Did she have any friends? Boyfriends? People that she partied with?
Katrina : Susan wasn't like that. Not anymore.
Katrina : I posted an ad looking for a roommate and she answered.
UNK: She was up front that she used to be an addict,
Katrina : been in prison.
Katrina : But she swore she was done with all that.
Katrina : She actually turned out to be the dream roommate. Go figure.
Beckett : And why did she move out?
Katrina : She got some great new job.
Beckett : What kind of a job? I'm not sure.
Katrina : But all of a sudden she could afford great clothes
Katrina : and a way nicer place. So, off she went.
Katrina : I was happy for her. It seemed like she'd really turned her life around.
Beckett : What else can you tell me about this new job?
Beckett : Who did she work for?
Katrina : She never told me.
Katrina : She was actually kind of secretive about it.
Esposito : So, the canvass is coming up empty.
Esposito : There's no sign of Ed Turner, the dude who called 911.
Esposito : No witnesses and no one who knows Susan Watts.
Esposito : Which is weird because why would she
Esposito : be running down that alley in her jams
Esposito : if she didn't live in the neighborhood?
Ryan : You know what else is weird? I can't
Ryan : find anything on this job that she had.
Esposito : No W-2s? Or 1099s?
Ryan : Or Social Security withholding.
Ryan : So she must have been paid in cash?
Esposito : So, maybe her job was illegal,
Esposito : and that might be part of the reason she was killed.
Ryan : The only reference I found regarding employment
Ryan : was a place called NewStart Horizons.
Esposito : Sounds like a diet plan.
UNK: Well, you would think so,
Ryan : but it's a job-placement organization
UNK: for women who've been incarcerated based right here in the city.
Ryan : Susan met with them when they visited the prison.
Esposito : So, maybe they placed her in that job,
Esposito : and they might know where she moved to.
Ryan : All right, I'll loop Beckett in on NewStart Horizons.
Ryan : All right.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey. So, what's up?
Lanie : Well, for one thing, I found this in the victim's hair.
Esposito : A feather?
Lanie : Probably from bedding, a down pillow or something.
UNK: So, maybe she was in bed and got chased out of her house.
Esposito : Killer could have been somebody she knew. Maybe a boyfriend.
Lanie : What's the story with this woman?
Esposito : Why do you ask?
Lanie : Is it something like this?
Lanie : She was in trouble with the law,
Lanie : then she gets her act together,
Lanie : finds a great job, but damn if you can figure out what that job is.
Esposito : How do you know that?
Lanie : Do you remember Pam Hodges?
UNK: Yeah, how can I forget her?
Esposito : She looked just like you.
Lanie : That's how she was made to look.
Lanie : Pam Hodges had the same story, except she was a hooker in Tampa.
Lanie : Out of nowhere, she gets herself straightened out,
Lanie : gets a great job, then gets killed. Strangled.
Esposito : Yeah, but not in the same way.
UNK: Pam was strangled with wire by Carl Matthews, but we put him away.
Esposito : So, what does Pam Hodges have to do with Susan Watts?
Lanie : I think they're connected.
Beckett : Excuse me? Hi, I'm Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : I need to speak with someone about one of your clients, Susan Watts.
Receptionist : Let me contact the director.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Lanie, hey, what do you got?
Lanie : I'm here with Javi, and I think I know
Lanie : why Susan Watts looked familiar.
Lanie : She had cosmetic surgery on her face.
Lanie : Way less extreme, but a lot like what Pam Hodges had done.
Lanie : Pam Hodges?
Lanie : It's the same cheek implants, the same technique.
UNK: Kate, I think Susan Watts's surgery
Lanie : was performed by the same doctor.
Beckett : Dr. Kelly Nieman?
Nieman : Please, let me offer you a pen.
Beckett : No, thank you. We're just here to ask you a few questions.
Nieman : Oh, can I just say, you have an amazing face, Detective.
Lanie : I can't prove it, but my gut says this is Nieman's work.