Castle : Oh, well, do you know where Jeff is now?
Castle : Or Jerry's biological mother?
Gretchen : Dead. Both of them.
Beckett : Do you still have any of his things?
Beckett : Like a toothbrush or a hair brush?
Gretchen : Nothing like that. Jerry came by years ago.
Gretchen : And he made me hand over everything that was ever his.
Beckett : And you didn't keep any of his belongings. Nothing at all?
Gretchen : Well, I couldn't let it all go.
UNK: I tucked away a few keepsakes.
Beckett : Mind if I take a look?
Beckett : His mom sounds like a real saint.
Castle : Yeah. Agreed.
Castle : Only people who keep insisting
Castle : they're not terrible parents are terrible parents.
Castle : These are all just toys.
Beckett : Yeah, I don't think we can pull DNA from any of this.
UNK: No, what I mean, these were Jerry Tyson's toys.
Castle : They're just so normal.
UNK: What did you expect? Dead animals? Shrunken heads?
UNK: No.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Baby tooth. His tooth. With his DNA.
Castle : We got him.
Beckett : The lab is expediting DNA tests from the tooth.
Beckett : They'll call you as soon as they have prelim results.
UNK: Then what are they using as a comparative sample?
Beckett : Uh, saliva from a beer that Tyson was drinking
Beckett : when we busted him at the apartment.
Gates : Then Tyson has no idea that we're running his DNA?
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Ah, that's excellent, Kate.
Beckett : Sir, where are we on the DA?
Gates : I convinced him to stall Tyson's lawyer until the results came in.
Gates : And I'll let you know when I hear something.
Beckett : Dr. Nieman.
Beckett : Detective Beckett.
Nieman : I told you the man in the photo wasn't Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Nieman : Waiting for Mike Boudreau.
Beckett : Interesting. And what is your relationship with him?
Nieman : He's a patient in need of support.
UNK: Wow. You really go the extra mile.
UNK: How soon till Mike is released?
Beckett : Not as soon as you were hoping.
Castle : Tyson's lawyers insisted we move him from the holding cell.
Beckett : Kelly Nieman is here.
Beckett : She's waiting for him to be released.
Castle : I look forward to her profound disappointment.
Castle : You know, I remember back at the motel when I saw him turn.
Castle : When I knew who he was,
Castle : and he knew I knew.
Castle : It all came to me a second too late.
Castle : I've relived that moment so many times,
Castle : knowing that my mistake set him free and cost people lives.
Beckett : You were almost one of those people.
Castle : And now I have a chance to help
Castle : put the genie back in the bottle.
Castle : Which is a terrible metaphor
Castle : because that guy is no genie.
Castle : Who'd want three wishes from him, right?
Beckett : - Beckett. - Hey.
Amy : It's Amy. Amy Barrett.
Beckett : Amy? Are you okay?
Amy : I saw her. I saw her on the news.
Beckett : Who? Who did you see?
Amy : The girl that died, that looked like me.
Ryan : Susan Watts?
Beckett : Amy, did you know her? Do you know anything about her?
UNK: Is that why you arrested Mike?
UNK: 'Cause you think he could've...
Beckett : Amy, did he ever say anything about her?
Beckett : Did he ever mention her name?
UNK: No.
Amy : But I saw them together.
UNK: When?
Amy : Three days ago.
Amy : Mike was driving the truck. She was with him.
Amy : I thought he was cheating on me, but now...
Gates : I'm afraid.
Beckett : And you have every reason to be.
Beckett : But, Amy, I can protect you. Where are you now?
UNK: Corner of Ninth Ave and Jane Street.
Beckett : Don't move. I'll be there, okay?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : I'll go with you.
Beckett : No, Castle. I don't wanna scare her off.
Beckett : She's the only person that might be able to connect
UNK: Susan Watts's murder to Tyson.
Esposito : Man, she's got some brass ones, doesn't she?
Esposito : Showing up here.
Esposito : Sit down, bro. Pacing's not gonna
Esposito : make the results come any quicker.
Ryan : I've been reading how DNA results degrade over time.
Ryan : What if they can't pull any from that tooth?
Esposito : They can pull DNA from a caveman tooth.
UNK: It's not gonna be a problem.
UNK: Still.
UNK: The waiting. It's killing me.