Ryan : She must have recruited these women,
Beckett : promised them a great job, a new look, and a bright future.
Castle : Yeah, a future that ended with Jerry Tyson.
Castle : For all we know,
Castle : she and Tyson have been doing this for months, years.
Castle : He probably got smart,
UNK: disposed the bodies where we'd never find them.
Beckett : Until Susan Watts got away.
UNK: We're gonna bring him down. Nieman too.
Castle : Has he said anything yet?
Beckett : Not yet. But he's about to.
Castle : You should really soak up the ambience.
Castle : This is the nicest room you're gonna be seeing for quite a while.
Tyson : If you say so.
Tyson : You were at the apartment.
Tyson : First time I saw a cop who was a woman of your hotness.
Beckett : The first time? You don't know me?
Tyson : No, I don't know either one of you.
UNK: Okay, fine, if you wanna play that game.
Beckett : This is Richard Castle. I'm Detective Beckett.
Tyson : How do you do, ma'am.
UNK: Um, I gotta be honest, this is a big misunderstanding.
Beckett : Then why did you try to run?
Tyson : I don't know. I'm sorry. I panicked, I guess.
Tyson : Honestly, I haven't always been on the right side of the law.
Castle : You don't say.
Castle : Tell us about Amy Barrett.
Tyson : Oh, sweet girl.
Beckett : What was Amy doing at the apartment?
Tyson : She stays there with me.
Beckett : What is she, your girlfriend?
UNK: I don't wanna
Tyson : put a label on what we have.
Beckett : Where is she now?
UNK: Uh, I don't know. It's not like I keep tabs on her.
Castle : What about Susan Watts? Is she your girlfriend, too?
Tyson : No, I don't know her.
Castle : Where's Michael Boudreau?
Ryan : What do you mean?
Castle : Why are you at his apartment? Driving his truck?
Tyson : Come on. Man, I'm Michael Boudreau.
Castle : You're Michael Boudreau?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: What?
Tyson : Yeah. Who else would I be?
Beckett : Jerry Tyson.
UNK: Oh.
Tyson : I get that from time to time.
UNK: Yeah. Well, that's not surprising,
Beckett : considering you look exactly like Tyson
Beckett : and nothing like this photo of Michael Boudreau.
Beckett : So, why don't you explain that?
Tyson : Truth is, I got a little work done.
Tyson : You can still see a teeny scar here
Tyson : and here.
Castle : You got cosmetic surgery?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : To look like a serial killer?
Tyson : I never liked how I looked.
Tyson : And so I met this great surgeon,
UNK: and she just gave me a new face.
UNK: The funny thing is, I've never felt more like myself
Tyson : since I started looking like him.
Tyson : It's weird, right?
Beckett : Was the surgeon Kelly Nieman?
Tyson : Yes. Man, she is the best.
Tyson : She even did a little touch up on Amy.
Beckett : You know, the problem is, how are you gonna prove
Beckett : that you are Michael Boudreau?
Tyson : How do you prove I'm not?
UNK: Detective, an unexpected development.
UNK: We only have one hard copy of Tyson's fingerprints.
Beckett : Yeah, from the prison records. The ones I had them send here.
Gates : Right. But those prints
Gates : don't match the prints of the man we have in custody.
Beckett : That's impossible.
Castle : When you ran the prints, whose name came up?
Esposito : Michael Boudreau.
Gates : We checked and rechecked. There's no mistake.
Castle : I know how he did it.
Castle : Tyson killed Boudreau, took his identity.
Castle : Kelly Nieman grafted Boudreau's fingertips onto Tyson's hands.
Gates : The scars would have shown up on his fingerprint card.
Castle : Kelly Nieman's good enough not to leave scars.
Gates : Theories don't help us, Mr. Castle.
Gates : The DA just called.
Gates : They heard from Boudreau's lawyer,
Gates : who says that we're keeping his client under false pretenses.
Beckett : That's a lie, sir. That man is Jerry Tyson.
Gates : Then how do we prove it?
Gates : Not with Tyson's DNA sample. That's missing.
Gates : And as far as the DA is concerned,
Gates : Tyson died when he went off the bridge.
Castle : This is why Tyson had his case files and all his records taken.
UNK: For a clean slate. So he'd kill and get away with it.
Beckett : Are you saying that we have to release that man, sir?
Gates : Unless we can show that he's Tyson
Gates : or connect him to the murder, I'm afraid we have to.
Ryan : You have to be kidding me.
Beckett : I wish I was. Tyson's getting moved to holding,
Beckett : but his next move might be outside of this precinct.
Castle : Unless we can tie him to a crime or prove that he's Tyson.
UNK: After all this guy has done, there's gotta be something we can do.
Beckett : Check the GPS on his truck.
UNK: Let's find out where he's been.
Beckett : And pull all the phone records from the apartment.
UNK: We got to find something, anything that'll connect him
UNK: to Susan Watts's murder or Amy Barrett's disappearance.
Esposito : How much time do we have before we have to cut him loose?
Beckett : Gates is trying to stall the DA. So we got an hour, maybe two.
Ryan : Here we are, not being able to prove that Tyson is Tyson
Ryan : because we don't have his DNA sample that he stole.
UNK: Or unless, this guy is Mike Boudreau.
UNK: That could explain the fingerprints, all he's been saying.
Ryan : Which would mean what? That Tyson is actually dead?
Ryan : And Kelly Nieman cut Boudreau to look like Tyson?
Castle : No, this guy is Jerry Tyson.
UNK: I wanna talk to him. Rattle him. Get him to reveal himself.
Tory : I'm with Castle. I don't think that man is Michael Boudreau.
Castle : Based on what?
Tory : Once we ID'd Boudreau and Amy Barrett,
Tory : I started monitoring their credit card activity.
Tory : Boudreau's card was just used to make a purchase
UNK: at Cafe Julius in Midtown.
Beckett : Finding the real Michael Boudreau
Beckett : might give us just the break we need.
Beckett : Kind of a role reversal, isn't it?