Castle : How does it feel now, Jerry?
Tyson : Look, I get it. You think I'm Jerry Tyson,
Tyson : and I guess I brought that on myself.
UNK: Jerry Tyson : But you
Tyson : are jaw-jacking with
Tyson : the wrong guy, okay?
Tyson : I'm Mike Boudreau.
Castle : Why the blondes?
Castle : Amy Barrett, Susan Watts?
Tyson : I like blondes, but like I said,
Nieman : I don't know who this Susan Watts is.
Castle : See, I'm betting the reason goes back to what I said at the motel.
Jerry : You really don't know me at all, do you?
Castle : You were raised by a single mother.
Castle : She was blonde. She was beautiful.
UNK: But she never wanted you.
Castle : You go into foster care, the bad kind.
Castle : You have so much hate.
Castle : So much hate towards your mother for abandoning you
Castle : that you kill these women to get back at her.
Castle : Was I right?
Castle : Is this all about Mommy?
Castle : It is about your mother.
Castle : This is all about your mother.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Ryan, I got caught in traffic.
UNK: Boudreau's probably long gone by now.
Ryan : Not necessarily.
UNK: He ordered a cobb salad at Cafe Julius, so he may be in there eating.
Beckett : Okay, I'll check. I'll call you back.
Beckett : Wait, Amy Barrett? Wait, wait, I need to talk to you.
UNK: Who are you?
Beckett : I'm Detective Beckett. Leave me alone.
Beckett : No, wait. We've been looking for you.
Amy : Yeah, Mike's lawyer told me you'd show up.
Amy : He said not to talk to you.
Beckett : Did you just use his credit card?
UNK: Mike gave me permission.
Beckett : The man that you know as Michael Boudreau is Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : He is a serial killer, and you will be his next victim.
Amy : Back off!
Beckett : That's my card, Amy. Call me.
Amy : Stay the hell away!
Ryan : - Hey. - I got it.
Castle : I know how we can nail Tyson. The key is his mother.
Beckett : What about his mom?
Castle : Tyson's birth certificate is missing.
Castle : No surprise there.
Castle : But his mother signed the papers
Castle : when she dumped him into foster care.
Castle : We compare her DNA to his, we can prove he's Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : And she's still alive?
Castle : And living in White Plains. Her name is Gretchen Cutler.
Castle : Gretchen Cutler?
UNK: Gretchen Cutler : Who wants to know?
Beckett : Uh, Detective Beckett, NYPD. This is Mr. Castle.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about your son.
Gretchen : I don't have a son.
Castle : We're talking about Jerry Tyson.
Gretchen : I know who you're talking about.
Gretchen : He hasn't lived here since he was nine.
Castle : When he was put into foster care.
Gretchen : I was a good mother.
Gretchen : Nothing I ever did could have made him what he was.
Gretchen : The stuff they said was not true.
UNK: Yeah, actually, we believe that he
Beckett : was unjustly accused of several crimes.
Castle : Yeah, and we are just looking to clear his name.
UNK: Yep.
Gretchen : It's a little late for that now.
Beckett : It might help you rest easy
Beckett : knowing that some of what was said about Jerry is untrue.
Castle : All we would need is a sample of your DNA.
UNK: Then I won't do you no good. Jerry wasn't my blood.
Beckett : You're listed as his mother.
Gretchen : Not by choice. He was Jeff's kid.
Gretchen : He was a boyfriend at the time.
Gretchen : Jeff took off, and he never came back.
UNK: So what was I gonna do?
Gretchen : I tried to make this a happy home for Jerry,
UNK: and I looked after him as long as I could.
UNK: But he was a hellion.
Gretchen : He was born that way.
Gretchen : Nothing I ever did could've made him what he was.