Castle : We got close again when Tyson used the gun
Castle : he stole from Detective Ryan in a homicide.
UNK: Then he dropped out of sight. But not for long.
Esposito : Richard Castle,
Esposito : you're under arrest for the murder of Tessa Horton.
Castle : You did this. You killed Tessa.
Castle : You killed Tessa.
Tyson : You will not last the night.
Castle : He's not dead.
Beckett : You shot him. He's dead. It's over.
Castle : For now.
Castle : I wish I could say my doubts were unfounded.
Castle : Why would someone kill clones of Esposito and Lanie?
Beckett : Kelly Nieman is playing a much deeper game.
Beckett : Where are the 3XK files?
Esposito : I didn't check out any files!
Beckett : It's not just Tyson's files that are gone.
Beckett : Lab work, DNA, tissue samples
Beckett : of every 3XK victim were checked out. By Lanie.
Esposito : Only not the real Lanie.
Castle : And now, at the time, we weren't certain that Tyson was behind it all.
Castle : We didn't even know if he was alive. But we do now.
Beckett : But we might have gotten lucky.
Beckett : It looks like Susan Watts escaped from Tyson,
Beckett : forcing him to kill her in the alley and leave her body there.
Beckett : Which means he got careless. He made mistakes.
Beckett : Let's press our advantage and find this woman
Beckett : before she becomes his next victim.
Nieman : You look well, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Though your palpebral folds could use some tending.
Nieman : I thought you stopped working on cases.
Castle : For you, I made an exception.
Nieman : Please know I'm here as a courtesy.
Beckett : I'm sure you are.
UNK: Um, who is this woman?
Beckett : And don't say you don't know her. She is carrying your swag bag.
Nieman : That doesn't prove she's a patient.
Castle : Are you saying she's not a patient?
Nieman : I'm saying I can't answer that.
Nieman : I'd be breaking confidentiality.
Beckett : Which you'd be free to do, even obliged to do,
Nieman : especially if a patient's life is in danger.
Gates : She took a ride with Jerry Tyson.
Castle : It doesn't get more dangerous than that.
Nieman : Except Jerry Tyson is dead. Therefore that can't be him.
Beckett : Really? Then who is he?
Beckett : And where do we find him?
Nieman : I really couldn't say.
Beckett : I know why you're here.
Beckett : To see what we have.
Nieman : What you have is irrelevant to me.
Nieman : I'm innocent of any wrongdoing.
Beckett : If you're innocent, then why won't you give us this woman's name?
Beckett : Especially when not giving it makes you look guilty.
Castle : Any judge we take this to will see this man as Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : We will be granted a court order for that patient's name.
Beckett : So you can give it to me now, or I'll see you in an hour,
Beckett : in your hospital, with a dozen police officers.
Beckett : Your choice.
Nieman : Her name is Amy Barrett.
Gates : Run that name. Go.
Beckett : So you admit that Amy Barrett is a patient of yours?
Beckett : Where does she live?
Nieman : I'll have my office send her contact information.
Beckett : Why did she want surgery?
Nieman : She wanted to enhance her appearance.
Castle : And it's just an amazing coincidence
Castle : she ended up looking exactly like Susan Watts?
Nieman : As I've said before, I don't know who that is.
Beckett : And yet, they look identical.
Beckett : Whatever you're up to,
Beckett : whatever Tyson is up to,
Beckett : we will stop it.
Nieman : Jerry Tyson is dead.
Nieman : And I have a surgery scheduled.
Ryan : The contact info that Kelly Nieman's
Ryan : office sent us was out of date.
Ryan : Amy moved out of her place two months ago.
Ryan : Still trying to figure out where.
Castle : Just like Susan Watts.
Ryan : That's not all she had in common.
Ryan : Amy Barrett grew up in Arizona. Ran away at 16.
Ryan : She drifted around. Multiple arrests...
Beckett : She have any connection to NewStart Horizons?
Ryan : Not that I can tell.
Castle : Nieman's creating his victims.
Ryan : What do you mean?
Castle : For Jerry Tyson. They're like clones.
Castle : They're blonde and pretty, just the way Tyson likes them.