Castle : Nieman finds these poor women,
UNK: lost souls that no one is gonna miss, and she remakes them.
Castle : She grooms them for 3XK.
UNK: Yo. We got the truck.
Esposito : Tory picked it up on another street cam. Got a license plate.
Esposito : Vehicle belongs to a guy named Michael Boudreau.
Beckett : We got an address?
Esposito : Yeah, four blocks from where Susan Watts was found.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : This is definitely the place.
Ryan : How do you think Michael Boudreau figures in?
Beckett : He may be Tyson's accomplice.
Beckett : Michael Boudreau. NYPD. Open the door.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Freeze! NYPD! Let me see your hands.
Esposito : Step away from the window.
Beckett : Turn around.
Beckett : Jerry Tyson, you are under arrest.
Ryan : What I wouldn't give to be in that box with Jerry Tyson.
UNK: Bro, we arrested him. He's going away. I'm good with that.
UNK: Yeah, but he didn't take your gun
Ryan : and get someone killed with it.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Ryan.
Gates : Did you find any sign of Amy Barrett?
Ryan : Not yet. But CSU's pulling prints to see if she was here.
Ryan : They're also checking bedding and pillows
Ryan : to see if it matches that feather
Ryan : that Lanie found in Susan Watts's hair.
Gates : Well, what's the story on Michael Boudreau?
UNK: Well, based on his pay stubs and some other stuff,
Ryan : he came from Iowa six months ago. Works in construction.
Gates : Well, where is he now?
Beckett : We don't know. We also don't know
Ryan : his connection to Jerry Tyson either.
UNK: All right, uh, keep me posted.
Ryan : Yes, sir.
Esposito : Yo, Ryan. Check it out.
Esposito : Found this under the bed.
Esposito : Look at the photo.
Nieman : Amy Barrett.
UNK: Because it's her phone. She was here.
UNK: Question is, where is she now, and what did Tyson do to her?
Castle : I never thought this day would come.
Castle : Not only can we prove Jerry Tyson
Castle : is alive, but we have him in custody.
Beckett : What we don't have is a smoking gun.
Esposito : There's no evidence at the apartment?
Beckett : Nothing to indicate foul play.
Beckett : And we can't charge him for his past crimes.
Beckett : Not with his records missing.
Castle : We have him at the motel.
Castle : He attacked Ryan. He tied me up at gunpoint.
Beckett : Kidnapping, the aggravated assault of a police officer,
Beckett : and use of a gun during a felony. That will work.
Castle : So we got him.
Castle : That'll buy us enough time to tie him to Amy Barrett, Susan Watts...
Castle : Build a real case.
Beckett : We figured out how he might have crossed paths with Amy.
Beckett : Before she came to New York, she was
Beckett : being treated for substance abuse
Beckett : at a non-profit clinic in Ohio.
Castle : Don't tell me. Kelly Nieman's a donor.
Beckett : To that organization and dozens
Beckett : of others just like it across the country.
UNK: She and Tyson are in this together.
UNK: Partners. A serial killer team.