UNK: Martha Rodgers : Richard, it pains me to admit it, but I am in your debt.
UNK: Richard Castle : Yes, deeply. But if you'd like to start paying rent...
Martha : No, no, no. I mean, I owe you a debt of gratitude.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : If you had not urged me to take this audition,
UNK: I would never have gotten this part.
UNK: Now I'm off to my wardrobe fitting.
UNK: Bye. Bye.
Martha : - Bye. - Bye.
UNK: Bye. And where are you off to?
Alexis : Oh, I signed up for an escort service. I have to meet a client.
UNK: What? On a what?
Alexis : I just wanted to see if you were listening.
UNK: I am going to the library. To study.
Castle : Not cool.
Alexis : Bye, Kate. Oh, bye-bye.
Castle : A goodbye kiss? When did that start?
Beckett : Just now.
Beckett : Yeah. No, I'm as surprised as you are.
Castle : I don't know if I'm surprised. I mean, you are pretty lovable.
Beckett : Well, you raised a great person, so...
Castle : Mmm. You say that now. You weren't here for the beginning.
Beckett : And next time, I will be.
Beckett : Next time?
Castle : Are you saying that you're thinking about...
Beckett : Yeah, about it. About my job.
UNK: About whether we're ready. If there's ever a right time.
Castle : There never is. But there's never a wrong time, either.
Beckett : Except maybe now.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Okay, we'll talk about it later.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : So, who found the body?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Homeless guy. Ed Turner.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Said he found her in this recycling bin
UNK: Javier Esposito : when he was scavenging for bottles.
Beckett : We get Turner's statement?
UNK: Nah, we haven't found him yet.
Esposito : He called 911 from a nearby payphone.
Esposito : But when we got here, he was already gone.
UNK: Obviously, she's not carrying ID.
Beckett : So, uh, I'm guessing we don't know who she is.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Hopefully, we will in a minute. In the meantime,
UNK: Lanie Parish : I can give you a pretty good idea of how she died.
Beckett : Manual strangulation.
Lanie : Probably 24 to 36 hours ago.
Lanie : Based on lividity,
Lanie : she was put in the dumpster right after she was killed.
Beckett : Abrasions on her feet, mud spatter on her legs...
Beckett : She was running. Someone was chasing her.
Esposito : Then caught her, killed her, and stuffed
Esposito : her in that dumpster over there.
Beckett : And she's wearing a nightgown. She couldn't have come from very far.
Esposito : I'll have unis show her photo around,
Esposito : try to find someone who recognizes her,
UNK: and canvass to see if there are any witnesses
Esposito : who might have seen what happened.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Lanie, are you okay?
Lanie : Yeah, it's just something about her.
Lanie : Something familiar.
Beckett : What, like you know her?
Lanie : No, I definitely don't know her.
Lanie : If she's in the system, we can find out who she is.