Nieman : You sure? You look a bit fatigued.
Esposito : 'Sup, Beckett?
Beckett : Kelly Nieman just denied knowing Susan Watts,
Beckett : and I need proof that she is lying.
Esposito : We haven't found any yet.
Esposito : But so far, nobody at NewStart Horizons
Esposito : remembers seeing them together.
Esposito : And there's no forensic evidence
Esposito : that ties Nieman to the murder.
UNK: Put a surveillance detail on her.
Beckett : And pull security video from Saint Simon's Hospital.
Beckett : Maybe Susan visited Nieman here, or came in for an appointment.
Esposito : I'll get right on it, but you're talking about
Esposito : weeks of footage to comb through.
Esposito : And that's even if Saint Simon's lets us have it.
Esposito : But I do have some good news for you.
UNK: What?
UNK: The DA signed-off on Castle working this case with us.
Esposito : He'll be here ready to jump in by the time you get back.
UNK: Do you really think Nieman's behind Susan Watts's murder?
Beckett : Couldn't tell. She's got ice water in her veins.
UNK: Although, I'll bet Kelly Nieman wasn't
Beckett : in the alleyway doing the dirty work.
Beckett : Last time, she had an accomplice, a proxy.
Beckett : Someone who did the killing for her.
Castle : So who's the proxy this time?
Esposito : Hey, guys. We got something.
Esposito : The hospital won't share security footage without a court order.
UNK: Tory Ellis : But I was able to locate a street cam
UNK: Tory Ellis : with a view of the hospital entrance.
Esposito : So, we started rolling through it.
Esposito : And in no time, we ran across this.
Beckett : She's carrying a Kelly Nieman gift bag.
Castle : Well, that's her. That's definitely Susan Watts.
Tory : Except there's a timeline problem.
Tory : This footage is from yesterday afternoon.
Esposito : After Susan Watts was already dead.
Esposito : So, this can't be her.
Castle : That's not Susan Watts?
Castle : All right. Then, either by some insane coincidence
Castle : Kelly Nieman has another patient
Castle : who looks exactly like Susan Watts...
Beckett : Or Nieman surgically changed that woman
Beckett : to look like Susan Watts for some reason.
Beckett : Either way, we've got to figure out where this woman is.
Beckett : Oh, my God. Look who's driving.
Beckett : It's 3XK.
Beckett : Jerry Tyson.
Castle : He's alive.
Gates : Listen up, people. This woman is in grave danger.
Gates : She left Saint Simon's Hospital yesterday,
Gates : and we urgently need to find her.
Beckett : She is a patient of Dr. Kelly Nieman.
Beckett : Nieman is not cooperating, so canvass the hospital.
Beckett : Someone there has to know who she is.
Gates : And work this vehicle.
Gates : We find the truck, we find the woman
UNK: along with the man she took a ride with.
Beckett : That man is Jerry Tyson, also known as 3XK.
Beckett : And I am sure that no one here is more familiar with him than Castle.
Castle : Uh, a dubious distinction.
Castle : 3XK, the Triple Killer.
Castle : So named because he kills his victims in groups of three.
Castle : Blondes, like his latest victim Susan Watts.
Castle : The original 3XK killings were unsolved
Castle : and stopped soon after they started.
Castle : But then, four years ago, another victim showed up.
Beckett : The Triple Killer is back.
Beckett : The man that we're looking for is Marcus Gates.
UNK: NYPD!
Castle : Now, we couldn't prove that Marcus Gates was 3XK.
UNK: But his cellmate, Jerry Tyson,
Castle : agreed to help us put Gates away in exchange for early release.
Castle : That turned out to be not such a good deal.
Castle : It's not Marcus Gates.
Castle : It was him all along. He's the real Triple Killer.
Castle : By the time we realized that Jerry Tyson was 3XK, it was too late.