Jodie : Are you jerking us around...
Foreman : Get out.
House : You have got leprechauns in you.
House : Depression manifests in lots of different ways.
House : Some people can't get out of bed all day,
House : others have serial relationships and become oncologists.
Addie : I'm dying, I'm not depressed.
House : Wrong. And wrong.
House : You tried to kill yourself by throwing down kitchen cleanser.
House : Now, most normal suicidal morons would have just drank the stuff.
House : Burned the hell out of their mouth and throat.
House : Which left no trace, but it burned a hole in your intestine.
House : But the body can repair almost anything, which is cool.
House : In your case, scar tissue closed up the hole.
House : Now, veins are supposed to help the intestine flush bacteria away.
House : Where they got a free ride everywhere.
Addie : Can you fix me?
House : Surgery to fix the bridge'll take about two hours.
UNK: The psychotherapy's going to take a little longer.
House : Why'd you do it?
Wilson : I don't know.
Addie : I've just
Addie : never been happy.
Addie : Please don't tell my parents.
Addie : They'll blame themselves and it's not their fault.
Addie : Please, you can't tell them.
House : Technically, all you have to do is promise me that you won't do it again.
House : Then, legally, I can't tell them.
Addie : I promise.
House : Yeah, sure.
Jodie : We can't thank you...
House : Your daughter tried to kill herself.
House : That's why she's here.
House : Legally, I'm supposed to keep that between me and her.
House : Which makes sense, she's obviously an adult,
House : capable of her own well-reasoned decisions.
Ben : You're sure?
House : If she doesn't die in the next couple of hours,
House : yeah, I'm right.
Jodie : How could she hide this?
House : Everyone has secrets.
Ben : We'll take care of her. Figure it out.
House : Make her happy?
Ben : We'll get her into therapy.
House : Might want to try some meds, too.
Jodie : Can we call you?
Jodie : If we have any questions?
UNK: No.
House : What's up? Nothing.
Foreman : You wanted to see me? Yeah.
Foreman : House's patient? Yeah.
Cuddy : The one that would have died, if not for him.
UNK: Subtle. Thanks.
Cuddy : You're really scared you'll turn into him.
Foreman : Don't tell me I'm better than him.
UNK: Don't tell me, take the good and leave the bad.
Foreman : Cameron already tried.
Cuddy : I'm telling you there are worse things to turn into.
Foreman : It's not worth it.
Honey : I didn't think you were going to show.
House : Sorry, surgery went a little late.
Honey : So, you really think I have all the necessary qualifications?
House : I can't discuss this with a dry mouth. What do you got there?
Honey : Peppermint tea.
House : I'm going to have a mug of peppermint tea, please.
Honey : This isn't a job interview, is it?
House : It's some kind of interview.
House : You're judging me. I'm judging you.
Honey : You have the upper hand.
Honey : I don't know anything about you.
House : I'm on antidepressants
House : because a doctor friend of mine thinks I'm miserable.
House : I don't like them, they make me hazy. I eat meat, I like drugs.
House : And I'm not always faithful to the women I date.
Honey : You don't seem depressed.
UNK: You do realize you just skipped over several deep character flaws
House : that most women would run screaming from.
Honey : You told the truth.
House : Yeah, I don't always do that, either.
Honey : Well, how miserable can you be,
Honey : saving lives, sleeping around, and doing drugs?
House : Were you on the debating team in high school?
UNK: Also, I hate
UNK: tea.