Wilson : Either that, or we missed the leprechaun.
Cameron : If you're right, there's nothing to be done.
Cameron : The steroid treatment we gave her means
Cameron : when the next infection hits, it will hit hard. Liver failure, cardiac arrest.
House : On the bright side it confirms my diagnosis.
House : Don't you see how incredible this call was? A protein deficiency.
UNK: It can't be tested. Can't be seen.
House : I called it based on coughing blood.
Foreman : You're happy about this.
Cameron : She's going to die.
House : That's not my fault.
House : She was going to die, anyway.
UNK: And now, thanks to me, at least she'll know why.
Chase : I'm sure you'll see that gratitude in her eyes when you tell her.
House : I'm not telling her.
House : I'm not telling her.
House : No one's telling her. Not until we're sure I'm right.
UNK: But we're waiting for her to stroke or have a heart attack to confirm before we tell her?
Foreman : Seems like the humane approach.
Foreman : Her heart went into V-fib. Brought her back, barely.
UNK: Congratulations, you have your confirmation.
Foreman : What's her name?
House : Who? The co-ed? Sure.
House : Dead sophomore girl?
Foreman : You know her father's name?
House : Dad. Her mother's name is Mommy.
UNK: Ben and Jody are about to lose their only daughter, Addie.
UNK: You think that they're gonna give a crap if I know their names?
House : Five years from now, when the father's looking at photographs
House : of his daughter graduating from high school,
House : they're not going to remember the nice black doctor
House : who called them by their first name.
UNK: You don't wanna quit.
Foreman : You saying you don't want me to quit?
House : Didn't sound like I said that.
House : I'm saying that suddenly you're trying to turn me into a kinder, gentler ass.
House : Because you know who you are.
UNK: And you figure if you can make me decent and caring, then maybe there's hope for...
Foreman : You're about to tell a girl she's dying and you think it's about you.
Foreman : God, I hope I'm not you.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
House : Addie, you're dying.
Cuddy : Are you sure?
UNK: Yes.
House : Your infections will get worse. The toxins will spill into your blood.
House : How long?
House : Two days, maybe less.
House : You have a condition called...
Addie : Does it matter?
House : It's a very rare protein deficiency that only manifests...
Addie : I don't want to hear it.
UNK: Okay.
House : It's what's killing you. This is what's killing you.
House : You're not interested in what's killing you?
Addie : Will it make any difference? Will I live any longer?
Jodie : Please, could you just leave?
House : What's the point in living without curiosity? Without craving the...
Addie : So, I'm screwing up my last few hours because I won't listen to you?
Foreman : Get out of here.
UNK: It's... It's like the dark matter in the universe.
Addie : You're smiling.
Steve : No, I'm not.
House : You can only diagnose a problem by looking at what's...
UNK: Missing.
Wilson : Oh, God.
Wilson : I have to go.
UNK: Nineteen-year-old didn't want to hear the coolest explanation
House : of why she's going to die, begged me to shut up.
Wilson : If you can't shut up, at least talk quietly.
House : Amphetamine withdrawal's a bitch. She thought that I was happy.
Foreman : You were happy? No, I was hazy.