House : What isn't, these days?
House : You sure you want to be here for this?
Steve : We do everything together.
House : Of course. A toilet can be a lonely place.
House : Drop your pants. I'll suit up.
Steve : They float. Huh?
Steve : My bowel movements. Honey says they're not supposed to?
Honey : I'm a nutritionist.
House : Yes, I could tell from the cool toe-loop sandals.
Foreman : Thank you. You're welcome.
UNK: And the natural fiber clothing, I assume,
House : means some kind of vegetarian denomination?
Steve : We're vegans. At first, I was a little concerned about the lack of protein
Steve : but Honey showed me you can get it from lots...
House : Well, whatever floats your poop.
House : And you've been together how long? Six months?
UNK: How did you know?
UNK: Because after six months, poop love fades
UNK: and if you'd been together shorter than that, then...
House : I'll explain right after this break.
House : Three 10-milligram pills of your finest amphetamines.
Cameron : Arteriogram was normal.
CHASE : Which means her lungs are fine.
House : What if the clear arteriogram is significant?
Foreman : It is significant. It means there's no infection.
House : I think there's an infection.
CAMERON : Infections don't come and go.
Cameron : People don't get better then worse on the same treatment.
House : Unless her body can't finish off the fight.
House : Maybe goes a couple of rounds, then gives up.
Chase : Why would it give up?
House : Maybe its name is Foreman.
UNK: Come on. Where's that smile?
House : That laugh that makes the whole world sunny
House : without contributing to global warming?
House : Maybe she's missing a protein.
Cameron : Blood panel and enzymes show her proteins are normal.
House : You can't have tested for every protein.
House : I can think of at least one you can't test for at all.
Chase : Complement factor-H deficiency. If she has that, she's dead.
Chase : No way to fend off bacteria.
Chase : She'll get one infection after another until her body shuts down.
House : Maybe we can get ahead of the game. Manage each symptom as it comes up.
House : Give her five miserable years instead of six miserable months.
Foreman : There's no diagnostic test for complement factor-H deficiency.
House : So we isolate the cells that are yummiest for it.
House : Stick a needle in her eye.
House : You're cheating on Honey.
Steve : What? No. I'm not.
House : Oh, yes, you are.
UNK: It's okay. I get it.
House : Well, I was going to say relax.
House : But, oddly enough, you seem pretty relaxed already.
Honey : You're accomplished. You're funny.
Foreman : You can have whatever you want. Women are gonna...
House : He's not cheating with another woman.
House : He's cheating with another food group.
UNK: What?
House : His floaters float because they're full of fat.
House : Probably had a big cheeseburger for lunch.
Honey : You're eating flesh?
Steve : It's just a hamburger. Not all the time...
Honey : You're disgusting.
Steve : Soy cakes taste like cardboard. Unsalted cardboard.
House : I'm accomplished. I'm funny.
House : Can I have whatever I want?
Addie : Can we wait a second?
Ben : What's wrong? I feel good.
Addie : Do you really need to put that needle in?
Chase : You felt good yesterday, and then you almost suffocated.
Addie : And you know that, that thing is in my eye?
UNK: We think it could be.