Wilson : It's 185.
UNK: One eighty-five.
UNK: One eighty-five?
Wilson : Excuse me. I have to go kill someone.
Wilson : You dosed me!
House : Yes, I did. But only because you didn't trust me.
House : Your best friend!
Wilson : You could have killed me!
House : Amphetamines aren't going to kill you.
Wilson : You don't know my medical history!
UNK: I could have... I could have...
UNK: You could have given me a heart attack!
House : A heart attack is not going to kill you. You were in a hospital.
House : You yawned!
Wilson : You tried to kill me!
House : I put you on uppers and you still yawned.
House : Means it's a symptom of being a big, fat liar.
House : Yawning is a side effect of some anti-depressants.
UNK: Apparently, the ones you're on.
Wilson : I'm not on anti-depressants, I'm on speed.
House : That means it's a symptom of a cerebral tumor.
House : You got six weeks to live.
House : Mr. Well-adjusted is as messed up as the rest of us.
UNK: Why... Why would you keep that a secret?
UNK: Are you ashamed of recognizing how pathetic your life is?
Wilson : It's not a secret. House, it's... It's...
Wilson : It's personal.
House : How long has it been personal? It's personal.
UNK: Yawning is recent. So, either you just started,
UNK: or you changed prescriptions. This is why I take them.
House : They're anti-depressants, not anti-annoyance-ants.
House : You'd think this would naturally come up in conversation.
Wilson : Oh, don't act hurt. You don't care.
UNK: On one of the occasions when you were pompously lecturing me
House : on what to do to fix my life.
Wilson : You wouldn't take them. You'd rather OD on Vicodin
Wilson : or stick electrodes in your head, because you could say you did it to get high.
Wilson : The only reason to take anti-depressants is because you're depressed.
Wilson : You... You have to admit that you're depressed.
House : Give me.
Wilson : Are you going to admit that...
UNK: No, I'm gonna prove that I'm not depressed.
Wilson : Well, I can't give you my prescription. You've got to meet with a psychiatrist.
UNK: You... You need a whole work-up.
Wilson : Give me a Vicodin so I don't stroke.
House : I wouldn't drink that.
House : My leg hurt, and I...
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: DOOR UNLOCKING
UNK: DOOR CREAKING
UNK: House, why didn't you pick up the phone?
Cameron : We've been calling. I was sleeping.
Cameron : What did you do?
UNK: Nothing.
House : This is how regular people look when you wake them up.
Cameron : Chase was wrong. Addie's kidneys shut down.
Cameron : Hemolytic uremic syndrome shut down Addie's kidneys.
Cameron : Peripheral smear of red cells had schistocytes.
House : HUS is usually caused by an infection or protein deficiency.
UNK: What a coincidence.
House : I know a patient with an infection and a protein deficiency.
UNK: Do you think it's possible there's a connection?
House : I want to hear you say it, Chase. It will please me.
Chase : Doesn't mean you're right. You predicted cardiac arrest,
Chase : instant cardiac arrest.
House : There were only two choices.
House : Since yours was wrong, mine must have been right.