House : You rang? You called me.
House : I bought you an espresso.
House : You've been buying me coffee for a couple of weeks.
House : I thought I'd pay you back with one.
Wilson : How did you walk with the cane and the two coffees?
House : Why are you suspicious?
Wilson : Because it's either that, or accept the fact that you've done something nice.
Wilson : And then I have to deal with the horsemen and the rain of fire and the end of days.
House : You think I spat in yours?
Wilson : Or worse.
House : I stacked them.
House : What do you think of me hiring a nutritionist instead of a neurologist?
House : I mean, they sound almost the same.
Wilson : I take it you've met a hot nutritionist.
House : Don't cheapen this.
House : We had an in-depth conversation about proteins and fats.
House : I was about to examine her boyfriend's rectum.
Wilson : You asked for a date while your finger was in her boyfriend?
UNK: I got her number.
Wilson : No. No. No way.
Wilson : This is an employment application.
Wilson : She doesn't want to go out with you. She's looking for a job.
Wilson : Oh, God. She's 26.
House : But with the wisdom of a much younger woman.
Wilson : Have you spoken to Foreman?
UNK: Several times. We laughed...
Wilson : You're going to lose him.
House : And that will be depressing.
House : But it will only make me appreciate all the good things that I do have.
Chase : Macular biopsy was negative. Which means you're wrong.
Chase : There's no complement factor-H deficiency.
Foreman : Most likely cause of altering blood flow in the brain is a clot or a tumor.
Cameron : We can rule out a clotting issue because she has a bleeding issue.
Foreman : Which means we should be looking for a tumor.
House : I think there's an infection.
UNK: Just 'cause the cells in her eye aren't dead yet doesn't mean they're working.
Chase : So, why did we do the test?
House : Because if it had been positive, it would have proved I was right.
Chase : But negative doesn't prove you wrong?
House : That's the beauty of the test.
Foreman : She needs an MRI of her brain.
UNK: Absolutely.
House : As long as you're scanning, you mind having a boo for an abscess
UNK: for something caused by an infection?