Castle : That's why Angelo took those records. To find her birth parents.
UNK: What if he found one of 'em? Perhaps living on Overlook Road in Scarsdale.
Castle : But what if that birth parent didn't wanna be found?
Castle : What if Emma learning the truth was a threat somehow?
RYAN : Castle, that's just speculation,
Ryan : and if you're right, we'll probably never know.
Ryan : The killer's most likely destroyed the records by now.
Esposito : Unless Angelo hid them.
Roman : I mean, they were supposed to be a surprise.
Beckett : Head back to Angelo's place. We need to search it again.
Esposito : You are aware that you don't actually work here anymore, right?
Beckett : I'm sorry. Old habits.
ESPOSITO : All good.
UNK: I will grab Sully, go check again just in case,
Esposito : but not because you asked me to.
Esposito : - Because I'm actually on my way to... - Yeah.
Beckett : Okay, so let's suppose it is one of Emma's birth parents.
Beckett : If Angelo's murder was a set-up, then how would they know how to stage it?
Beckett : I mean, they gave her up for adoption,
Beckett : so how would they know about Emma's violent history?
Castle : - Newspaper articles? - No, I checked.
Ryan : Because she was a minor, her name was withheld.
Beckett : So then our killer had to have had access to Emma's sealed juvie records.
Castle : And for that you need a subpoena.
UNK: TYPING
Ryan : Looks like someone skipped that step.
Ryan : Emma's sealed records were opened three days ago.
Beckett : By who?
Ryan : Julian Carter?
UNK: Hi, I'm Detective Ryan.
Ryan : This is Kate Beckett. We're from the 12th.
Ryan : Do you have a second to help us out with something?
Julian : Sure. What's up?
Beckett : The system tagged you for opening a file of an Emma Jones.
Julian : Yeah, that's my job. I open files, I close files.
Julian : Right now I'm filing files.
Julian : Is there a problem?
Beckett : I'm afraid so. You see, it was a juvie file,
Beckett : and you didn't have the court's permission to unseal it.
UNK: Well, I sometimes forget to log out of my computer, so maybe somebody...
Ryan : SIGHS Just stop it. You've already lost your job.
Ryan : Now the only question is whether you're losing your freedom, too,
Ryan : because I'm about two seconds away
Ryan : from arresting you for accessory to murder.
Julian : Wait. Wait, hold on.
Beckett : You better start talking before he pulls out his cuffs.
UNK: Okay, okay. Okay!
Julian : From time to time, I slip information to a lawyer.
Ryan : What kind of information?
Julian : Rap sheets, witness statements, things like that.
Beckett : What about with Emma?
Julian : Three days ago, the lawyer called.
Julian : Said a client wanted all the information that the police had on Emma Riggs.
Beckett : - What for? - He didn't say.
UNK: But when I told him that Emma had a juvie file under a different last name,
Julian : he paid me an extra grand to unseal it.
Ryan : What's the name of this lawyer?
UNK: Raymond Vance : No, I'm having breakfast with the judge tomorrow...
Ryan : Hi, Mr. Vance, I'm Detective Ryan.
Vance : He's a friend of a friend.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Vance : Yeah. And then...
UNK: - He's gonna need to call you back. - What is your problem?
Ryan : Actually, Mr. Vance, I'm not the one with the problem. You are.
Vance : Okay, I'm listening.
Ryan : On behalf of a client,
Ryan : you paid to have Emma Riggs' juvenile records unsealed.
Vance : Buying secured police files is illegal.
Vance : And grounds for disbarment. I would never do that.
Ryan : Really? Because I have an NYPD civilian employee who begs to differ.
Ryan : He's willing to testify, too.
UNK: Detective, I'm not some ambulance chaser.
UNK: I am a respected attorney at Kirkpatrick and Young.
Vance : So unless you have any real proof of those claims,
Vance : good luck getting any court to take the word of a disgraced civilian employee.
Ryan : Mr. Vance, you have a client who's mixed up in a homicide.