Emma : Oh, God.
UNK: God, did I? I...
Emma : What if I did? I don't...
UNK: Huh.
EMMA : What?
UNK: How do you text, "Love you"?
Emma : What do you mean?
UNK: When you write, "Love you," how do you spell it?
UNK: I do a sideways heart and the letter "U."
Castle : Right, except for last night, when you just spelled it out, "Love you."
UNK: No. Mmm-mmm. I never spell it out.
Castle : Yeah, and the voice in those texts from last night, it's different from the others.
Emma : As if somebody else wrote them?
Castle : Maybe, I don't know.
Emma : Well, if I didn't write these, that means that somebody else did, right?
Emma : Which means the killer used my phone.
Emma : You have to dust this for prints. Come on.
Emma : Come on. You have to find the killer.
UNK: - Wait, what? - You're not leaving us, are you?
UNK: No, I'm gonna get you out of here.
MICKEY : Like hell you are.
UNK: Look, if you or the cops aren't gonna do anything, I sure as hell am.
Emma : Shut up!
Emma : What are you waiting for? Come on! Just go, okay?
Castle : Mickey, don't do anything. Please.
UNK: SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE
BECKETT : Castle!
Roman : Mr. Castle, what happened? What is going on in there?
UNK: PANTING We've got problems.
Castle : Emma is unstable, to say the least.
Castle : But that's not the worst of it.
Castle : There's a hostage in there. He's seen Die Hard too many times.
UNK: He's gonna try and be a hero.
Castle : And there's something else I think you need to know.
Beckett : What's that?
Castle : Emma might actually be telling the truth.
Beckett : The truth about what?
Castle : Beckett, I think she's being framed for murder.
Castle : But what if Emma is right?
Castle : What if someone else wrote those texts
Castle : and this is all just an elaborate frame-up and Emma's just a patsy?
Esposito : Syntax, bro?
UNK: You're gonna base Emma's innocence on how she writes her texts?
Castle : I'm just saying it's possible.
Esposito : Look, if we found DNA or prints or fibers at the crime scene, maybe.
UNK: Sully, we get any usable prints off Emma's cell phone?
UNK: No. But even if we did, how could someone else have pulled this off?
Castle : To use her phone without her knowing,
UNK: Emma would've had to have been unconscious.
UNK: So, someone could've knocked her out.
Castle : She has a Scotch every night. Someone could've dosed her bottle.
Sully : Or maybe she's just some crazed fan like Kathy Bates in Misery.
UNK: LAUGHING You should be happy you didn't get hobbled. Right?
Gates : Okay. This is your investigation. Keep running the case on Emma.
UNK: - But, Captain, I'm... - Let me finish.
Gates : Look, Mr. Castle,
Gates : over the years I have learned not to discount your little theories,
Gates : no matter how fanciful.
Gates : So, why don't you and Beckett work with Detective Sully
Gates : and let's see if there's something to this.
Beckett : - Thank you, sir. - CASTLE : Thank you.
Sully : So, where do we start?
Beckett : By looking into our victim, Angelo Vázquez.
Castle : Everything here tells the same story. Angelo was a decent guy.
Castle : Ten years ago, after some petty B and E's, he turned his life around.
Castle : He volunteered with at-risk youth, he was well-liked.
UNK: He had been recently laid off from his mechanic's job, but he was still upbeat.
Castle : There's nothing that explains who killed him or why. Other than Emma.
Beckett : Castle, you're forgetting about Scarsdale.
Castle : You think Emma's suspicions are true? That he was having an affair?
Castle : That some woman in Scarsdale killed him?
Beckett : Well, something was going on in Scarsdale. Look at this.
Beckett : Three nights ago, a resident complained about Angelo's car.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : How does Sully find anything on this desk?
Castle : I don't know. He must have a system. I think that was once a bagel.
UNK: Okay, you know what? Here we go.
Beckett : A Scarsdale resident on Overlook Road
Beckett : reported Angelo's license plate to the police.
UNK: He said the driver spent two hours drinking coffee alone in his car.
Beckett : Two hours drinking coffee alone doesn't sound like much of an affair.