Ryan : You sure? Because,
Ryan : well, this is security footage from inside Angelo's apartment building
Ryan : taken about an hour after his death down at Emma's place.
ESPOSITO : Wait a minute, who... Who is that?
UNK: That...
Esposito : That's you.
Ryan : Using Angelo's keys to get in. How'd you get those?
Ryan : Now, I can only think of one reason that you'd break into his apartment.
Ryan : And that would be to find Emma's adoption records
Ryan : to cover up any link back to your family.
Esposito : Now according to this video,
UNK: you were inside that apartment searching for a good two hours.
UNK: But damn.
Esposito : You didn't think to look at the wrapped gift for Emma. Did you?
Esposito : Oops. Her adoption records.
Ryan : Up until then your plan was going perfectly.
Ryan : You spiked Emma's Scotch bottle with knockout drops,
UNK: then you swapped it out for an empty one.
UNK: That was pretty clever.
UNK: But not so clever to throw the dosed bottle away at your house.
Esposito : Yeah. We found the bottle in your recycle bin.
Esposito : It tested positive for chloral hydrate.
Esposito : Oops again.
Vance : All of this is circumstantial.
Vance : I mean, what could possibly be my motive?
Ryan : Your father-in-law helped us out with that one.
UNK: Your law firm represents the Stokeses.
UNK: Now you knew that they were about to transfer a majority of their wealth
Ryan : into a trust for their daughter, your wife.
UNK: And you didn't want some Little Orphan Annie
Esposito : coming around making a claim for half.
Ryan : That's when you decided to kill the one man who knew the truth,
Ryan : and frame it on the unknowing heir.
Esposito : There's just one thing that we're not so sure about.
UNK: You gonna make a deal and plea to murder?
UNK: Or you gonna take your chances in court?
Esposito : Do lawyers have lawyers?
CASTLE : Emma?
Castle : He confessed. It's over.
UNK: - Bullet. That's it. - Sorry.
UNK: - INHALES - Sorry.
Castle : Um, I hope you don't mind,
Castle : but someone wants to meet you.
UNK: I'm Aaron.
UNK: Emma.
Stokes : Happy birthday.
UNK: LAUGHS
Gates : Well, nice having you back.
UNK: Oh, it was nice to be back, even if it was just for one day.