Ryan : By withholding their name, you're obstructing justice.
Vance : Even if I wanted to, I can't disclose my client's name.
Vance : As you're well aware, that falls under privileged information.
UNK: CLICKS TONGUE
RYAN : Hey.
Beckett : Oh, don't tell me we struck out on the lawyer?
Ryan : Yeah, I'm afraid so.
Castle : So what do we do now?
Castle : Come on, you guys,
Castle : if we don't figure this out, Emma is going away for life.
Castle : What about her Scotch bottle? Did the lab report come back?
Ryan : Lanie just texted. There's no evidence of any drugs or sedatives.
Gates : I'm sorry. Looks like we're dead in the water.
Esposito : Far from it. Guess what we found at Angelo's apartment?
Sully : Angelo's birthday present to Emma.
Sully : I missed it before because it was wrapped.
UNK: You wanna guess what's inside?
UNK: I was... I was gonna have 'em guess.
Beckett : According to these adoption papers,
Beckett : Emma's birth mother was a woman named Stacy Moore.
UNK: She died 10 years ago.
Beckett : And her birth father is...
Beckett : Espo, is this right?
Esposito : It's right. Emma's dad is Aaron Stokes.
Ryan : - The real estate developer? - Yeah.
Castle : He's considering taking a run at governor.
Esposito : Yeah, and I wonder how the Governor's Mansion
Esposito : compares to his big house on Overlook Road in Scarsdale.
Beckett : And let me guess,
Beckett : - he's a client of Kirkpatrick and Young? - That's right.
UNK: Looks like Mr. Stokes is gonna be trading in his big house
UNK: for the big house.
UNK: LAUGHS
Gates : You ordered Aaron Stokes in for questioning? Are you serious?
Esposito : You told us to build our case, and Mr. Stokes is where it went.
Gates : This is a very powerful man
Gates : who happens to be golfing buddies with the Police Commissioner!
Castle : So because he has a standing tee-time with your boss,
Castle : he gets away with murder?
Gates : I'm handling the interview.
Ryan : What? No! Sir, this is our case.
Gates : Yes, and it'll be your jobs if there's any blowback.
UNK: I am not gonna have you two risk your careers.
UNK: Captain,
Beckett : I don't have a career to risk.
Beckett : How about I back you up in there?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Captain, I too have no career to risk.
UNK: Why don't I... Maybe I should...
UNK: You know, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna stay here.
Castle : - I think you guys got this handled. - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
STOKES : Why am I here?
UNK: Aaron Stokes : Do you know who I am?
Gates : Why do you think you're in this room, Mr. Stokes?
Gates : A room with no recording devices.
UNK: Okay.
Stokes : So what do you want from me?
Gates : We know that while you were married to your wife,
Mickey : you were having an affair with Stacy Moore
UNK: that produced a baby girl. Her name is Emma Riggs.
Gates : Have you been in touch with her, Mr. Stokes?
UNK: No, I've never seen her before.
Gates : What about her boyfriend, Angelo Vázquez?
Gates : Have you been in touch with him?
Stokes : No. Is Emma in trouble?
Beckett : Well, you could say that. She's under arrest for murdering Angelo.
Beckett : But don't worry, we know that she's being framed for that murder.
Stokes : Who's framing her?
Beckett : Did you know that Angelo stole her adoption records
UNK: from Saint Helena's Home for Children?
Emma : Saint Helena's?
Stokes : Stacy and I went there to make the arrangements.
Stokes : What was I supposed to do?
Stokes : Tell my wife I was having a baby with another woman?
UNK: Thirty-one years and not a day has gone by
UNK: where I haven't said to myself, "I should try to find her."
Stokes : And not a day has gone by where I haven't then said, "No. No.
UNK: "Maybe tomorrow."
Stokes : It's her birthday.