Emma : Here I am.
UNK: Yeah, holding us at gunpoint. Talk about psycho girlfriends.
Emma : What did you say?
Sue : Are you trying to get us killed?
Castle : Okay. Okay, Emma, relax.
Castle : Ignore him. Just focus on me, all right?
Castle : - Did Angelo have a key to your place? - Yes.
Castle : But you didn't make any plans for him to come over last night?
UNK: No.
Castle : How were things going in the relationship?
Castle : - No problems? - Mmm-mmm. None.
CASTLE : How much Scotch did you have?
Emma : One glass. The two fingers.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Now I'm gonna need you to walk me through this again.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Girl, what are you doing here?
UNK: Uh, Captain Gates said that I could come.
Lanie : That's not what I meant.
Lanie : Shouldn't you be off looking at wedding venues or something?
Beckett : We haven't even set a date.
Beckett : We're just trying to enjoy our engagement.
Beckett : Why is everyone trying to rush us?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Think you're being rushed now, wait until after the wedding.
UNK: Not 10 minutes from the altar, they'll all be like,
UNK: "When are you two having a baby?"
UNK: Javier Esposito : Bro, your wife's hormonal because she's pregnant. What's your excuse?
Beckett : So, I take it this is Emma's boyfriend?
Lanie : He was until she stabbed him three times with a knife
Lanie : from the kitchen butcher block.
Beckett : Emma's claiming that she's innocent.
Beckett : Is there any chance that someone else did this?
Ryan : No foreign fibers or prints. All evidence is pointing towards Emma.
Beckett : Any ideas on motive?
Esposito : Oh, yeah. This is Angelo's cell phone.
Esposito : Check out the text history between him and Emma.
Esposito : She was accusing him
Esposito : of having an affair with some chick up in Scarsdale.
Ryan : And we found this in Angelo's pocket. "S.H. Off Saw Mill River Parkway."
UNK: Saw Mill River Parkway is the way to Scarsdale from the city.
Ryan : S.H. Could be the initials of the lady he was seeing on the side.
UNK: And listen to this.
UNK: Emma texts Angelo last night at 9 : 47
UNK: saying she's drunk, lonely, and wants to see him.