UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Gates : Mr. Stokes. What can we do for you?
Stokes : Earlier, you two were only doing your jobs,
Stokes : but I assumed the worst, and I'm sorry.
Gates : Well, how are you doing?
Stokes : Not really sure.
UNK: But I do know this, I am going to be there for Emma this time.
UNK: No matter what happens at her trial, she's not going to be alone.
UNK: Well, I should leave the both of you to your work.
UNK: Captain, thank you for everything.
Stokes : You too, Detective.
Beckett : - Actually, I'm not a detective, but... - You're not?
Gates : Well, she should be, but your golfing buddy's budget cuts have
Gates : gotten in the way.
UNK: Really?
CASTLE : Wow.
Castle : And to think you boys mocked me when I had this made four years ago.
Castle : I think I'll have it framed.
Ryan : Hey, what does it say about your writing
Ryan : when your number one fan tries to kill you?
Castle : That was an accident.
UNK: Been one inch higher, it would've been a tragedy.
Castle : But on the bright side,
Castle : your autographed copies of Deadly Heat would be worth way more.
Beckett : - Not funny, Castle. - Little bit funny.
Castle : You know, Beckett, despite your fiancé's near-death,
Esposito : today was fun.
Ryan : Yeah, we miss working with you.
UNK: Good.
Beckett : 'Cause I'm back.
UNK: What? What... What?
Castle : What about the Commissioner's hiring freeze?
Beckett : Mr. Stokes had a conversation with the Commissioner
Beckett : and apparently he found some money.
Castle : So you are back. Which means I'm back.
UNK: STUTTERING Am I back?
Beckett : Yes, Captain Gates said that you can serve as a consultant again.
Castle : But how does that... Because now we're in a...
Castle : So, do we have to hide our relationship to keep it a secret?
Beckett : Well, the Commissioner is aware of it and said that it's okay
Beckett : as long as we behave professionally in the workplace.
Beckett : And Captain Gates said that that can be our engagement gift.
Ryan : Hey, everybody, listen up!
Ryan : Beckett is back!
UNK: ALL CHEERING
Castle : And tonight at The Old Haunt, drinks are on the house!
UNK: Nice.
MAN : All right!
Castle : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
UNK: I... Whoa. Actually, no, we can't. Not here. It's inappropriate.
Castle : This is the workplace, we've gotta be professional.
UNK: Uh, well, you know, I'm not officially back until tomorrow.
Castle : I see.