Emma : I want you to prove my innocence.
Roman : So, she wants you to prove her innocence?
Castle : Right. So I hate to break it to you,
Castle : but I don't think this is going to be a traditional hostage negotiation.
Beckett : Why you?
Castle : She's read all my books,
Castle : all those articles about you and I working homicides together.
Gates : So she's your number one fan, and this is some sort of Hail Mary?
Castle : Pretty much.
Castle : So, look, I think we should...
Emma : Don't tell them anything else.
UNK: Why?
Emma : Because they're cops.
UNK: Are you okay in there, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just gonna talk to her and then I'll call you back.
Roman : - Are you sure? - Yes.
Castle : No cheeseburgers. I repeat, no cheeseburgers.
Castle : Cutting down on red meat.
Castle : So, what do we do now?
Roman : SIGHS We wait.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : - But I... - But what?
Beckett : - Sir? - Excuse me.
UNK: Yeah.
Gates : What are you thinking?
Beckett : Sir, are you sure that this woman doesn't have a record?
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because she seems to have a deep mistrust of the police.
Gates : Well, obviously there's more to her than what's in the system.
Beckett : Look, I know I'm not on the job anymore, but...
UNK: You wanna work the crime scene.
Beckett : It can't hurt to have an extra pair of eyes.
Beckett : And the more we find out about Emma, the better chance we'll have
UNK: - of getting Castle and the hostages... - Go.
CASTLE : All right, Emma,
UNK: so you didn't kill your boyfriend.
Castle : Let's figure out who did.
Castle : As you know, all my stories start in the same place, in the beginning.
Castle : So tell me what happened.
Emma : - I got home late last night. - Why did you get home late?
UNK: Well, after work, I bought a dress
Emma : because today's my birthday.
UNK: Angelo was gonna take me out to dinner tonight.
Emma : He worked out some sort of surprise.
Emma : Said it'd be a birthday I'd never forget. CHUCKLES
Castle : Any idea what the surprise was?
Emma : A marriage proposal.
UNK: At least that was... That's what I was hoping.
Emma : That's why I bought the dress even though I couldn't afford it.
UNK: Just stupid, huh?
Castle : No, not at all.
Castle : So you have your dress, and?
Emma : When I got home, I poured my nightly two fingers of Scotch.
UNK: Scotch girl. Me, too. Well, boy.
Castle : And then what happened?
Emma : When I woke up in the morning, I...