UNK: Mr. Geller : Monica, all this food looks wonderful.
UNK: You should do this for a living.
UNK: Okay, I have dandruff. There's no need to laugh and point.
UNK: Chandler was laughing at your joke.
UNK: My joke wasn't funny.
UNK: Chandler laughs at everything.
UNK: That's one of the great things about him.
Phoebe : Rach, I just remembered.
Phoebe : I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
UNK: Really?
Phoebe : I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building...
Phoebe : and he was so brave and so strong.
UNK: And it's making me look at him totally differently.
Phoebe : He used to be just "Jack Geller, Monica and Ross' dad."
UNK: Now he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
UNK: I don't know. To me, he'll always be "Jack Geller...
UNK: walks in while you're changing."
UNK: You know, Dad, Chandler is one of Ross' very best friends.
UNK: Yes, I know.
Chandler : Ross sure is a great guy.
UNK: I've always felt that how a man turns out...
Chandler : is a reflection on his father.
UNK: Mr. Geller : I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?
UNK: He's a headliner of a...
Chandler : gay burlesque show.
UNK: You're killing us. Will you serve the dessert already?
UNK: There's drunken dancers a-waiting!
UNK: Look at it. Isn't it beautiful?
Ross : Yeah. What is it?
UNK: It's a trifle. It's got all these layers.
UNK: First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then jam...
Rachel : then custard, which I made from scratch...
Rachel : then raspberries, more ladyfingers...
Rachel : then beef sauteed with peas and onions...
UNK: then a little bit more custard...
Rachel : then bananas and then I put whipped cream on top.
Ross : What was the one right before bananas?
Rachel : The beef. Yeah, that was weird to me too.
UNK: But then I thought, "Well, there's minced-meat pie."
UNK: That's an English dessert.
Rachel : These people just put strange things in their food.
UNK: Can I borrow rum from your place?
UNK: Yeah, sure.
UNK: While I'm gone, don't you sneak a taste.
Ross : Beef in a dessert?
Ross : No, no, no. There is no way.
Joey : I know. And only one layer of jam?
Joey : What is up with that?
Ross : Oh, my God.
Ross : The pages are stuck together.
UNK: Chandler!
UNK: Oh, my God. She made half an English trifle and...
UNK: half a shepherd's pie!
UNK: Man, now she's gonna start all over.
UNK: We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the New World.
Ross : No, no, we will. We just won't tell her she messed up.
Joey : Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
UNK: Yeah. It'll be like a funny Thanksgiving story.
UNK: Vomiting stories are funny, I guess.
Rachel : Joey. God, your apartment is, like, 100 degrees.
UNK: Did it make you want to walk around in your underwear?
UNK: No.
Joey : Still not hot enough!
UNK: Rachel. Okay, look at him.
Phoebe : Look at those strong hands.
UNK: Oh, what I wouldn't give to be that can of condensed milk.
Monica : Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
UNK: Thank you. I just bought it.
UNK: Yes, well, it's very beautiful and it's cream-colored and tight and...