Castle : Danny Valentine's playing me.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Speaking of Mr. Valentine, we need to talk to him.
UNK: Oh. Uh, Danny.
UNK: Ah-ha! The real police.
Valentine : Here to give us some pointers?
Castle : Mr. Valentine, Richard Castle, I'm a big fan...
Valentine : Yeah, what about you, Detective?
Valentine : Are you a fan?
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Valentine, we need to talk.
Valentine : Sure. Let's go to my dressing room.
Valentine : Surely you've seen some of my work.
UNK: Star Fleet? Family Practice? My, uh, car-rental commercials?
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : Yeah, well, I did catch my fair share
Beckett : of Hot Suspect reruns in college.
Valentine : I knew it! The cop watched the cop show.
Valentine : Come on, I inspired you to become a detective, didn't I?
UNK: Huh?
Beckett : Maybe a little bit.
Castle : We're investigating a murder. Right?
Ryan : Right, yeah.
UNK: Uh... So, we checked Sid's phone records,
UNK: and apparently, he called you at 9 : 03 last night.
UNK: Can you tell us why?
Valentine : Yeah, I was supposed to have drinks with Sid and his ex, Evelyn.
Valentine : But Sid called last minute to cancel.
Castle : You and Sid were going out with his ex-wife?
UNK: Isn't that a little odd?
Valentine : Not for us.
Valentine : Sid and Evelyn split 20 years ago,
Valentine : but we were all still close friends.
Beckett : Did he say why he was canceling?
Vogel : Afraid not.
Castle : Anything about a deal at midnight?
Valentine : No, but he was going somewhere,
Valentine : because while we were on the phone,
Valentine : I literally bumped into him leaving
Valentine : the building from the private entrance.
Castle : Wait. Sid was leaving the building
Castle : the night of his murder? Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Valentine, did he mention meeting with someone?
Valentine : Please, call me Danny.
Valentine : And, no, Sid didn't say where he was going.
Valentine : But I did see something strange.
Valentine : He went into the subway on the corner.
Castle : And why was that strange, Danny?
Valentine : Well, he had an around-the-clock driver,
UNK: so why would he take mass transit?
Valentine : Unless it was a secret rendezvous.
Beckett : Well, wherever Sid went,
Beckett : he obviously didn't want anyone to know about it.
Beckett : Oh, come on, Castle!
Beckett : He was flirting with me. I can't control that.
Castle : But you were flirting right back!
Beckett : Yeah, but what was I supposed to do? He's Danny freaking Valentine!
Beckett : Espo. Hey.
UNK: You find out where Sid went on that subway ride?
Esposito : Not yet, but I spoke to Gene Vogel from Sid's company.
Esposito : The only deal that he knew about
Esposito : was one that hasn't been officially announced yet.
UNK: Apparently, Sid was gonna sell 49% of his company to an equity firm.
Castle : Could that be the deal Sid was talking about?
Esposito : Doesn't look like it.
UNK: The terms of the sale would've been settled weeks ago,
UNK: there was nothing left to negotiate.
UNK: Hey, guys, you're gonna wanna see this.
UNK: So, Sid paid for his MetroCard in cash,
UNK: but I was able to use security cams
UNK: to track him all the way to Grand Army Plaza subway station.
UNK: He got off there at 11 : 30 p.m.