UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Hey, good morning, Martha.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
Beckett : Is who dead?
Martha : No, I'm just...
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead? Is he dead?
Beckett : Castle, something's wrong with your mother.
UNK: Richard Castle : You're just realizing this now?
UNK: No, no, no. Listen.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead? Is he dead?
Castle : Oh! She's doing "48-hour first line."
Castle : Oh, that's right,
Castle : you haven't lived here while Mother is preparing to open in a play.
Castle : This, believe it or not, is her little ritual for getting into character.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
Beckett : Okay, so this is normal?
Castle : She's an actor. What's normal?
Castle : I call it "48-hour first line"
Castle : because for the two days prior to opening night,
Castle : she will say nothing but her character's first line of the play.
Beckett : Okay, that's unique.
UNK: Mmm. Is he dead?
Beckett : But doesn't her play open next month?
Castle : That's right. It's previews that are two days away.
Castle : Well now, that is odd.
Beckett : Oh, Castle, there's been a homicide.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Is he dead?
Beckett : Yes, unfortunately, Martha...
Beckett : Right. Never mind.
Castle : Be honest, when you vowed "for better or for worse,"
Castle : you really had no idea what you were agreeing to, did you?
UNK: # Is he dead? Is he dead? #
UNK: See you, Mother.
UNK: # Is he dead? Is he dead?
UNK: # Is... #
Castle : We can stay at a hotel. That way, you don't have to listen
Castle : to her say that line over and over again.
Beckett : No, it's okay. I mean, we're gonna manage.
UNK: It's just, your mom's kind of...
Castle : Annoying? Yeah, I know. Trust me, we're getting off easy.
Castle : One time, her opening line was,
UNK: "Come on, baby, I'll make it worth your while."
Beckett : Oh, I see what you mean.
Castle : Yeah. Most awkward parent-teacher conference ever.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Good morning, you two. This is...
Patrick : Sid Ross!
Becket : The creator of Saturday Night Tonight.
Castle : Yeah, not to mention all the movies he produced.
Castle : The man's a mogul.
Beckett : So, what happened?
Lanie : He was strangled with his own tie,
Lanie : and then thrown down that elevator shaft
Lanie : from the SNT Studios on the 7th floor.
Lanie : His body was on the roof of that elevator for hours
Lanie : before the panel gave way, and Sid popped out.
Castle : Like some jack-in-the-box from hell.
Beckett : Time of death?
Lanie : Based on lividity, between 11 : 00 p.m.
UNK: And 2 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Looks like Sid was burning the midnight oil.
Beckett : Let's check with security,
Beckett : see if they know if anyone else was in the building with him.
Castle : Considering where we are,
Castle : maybe one of Sid's employees killed him.
Beckett : Yeah, well, Ryan and Esposito are bringing his wife in now.
Beckett : Maybe she knows who would've done this to him.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : Everyone was scared of Sid.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : But they didn't know him like I did.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : They thought he was just a cold, tyrannical dictator.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Sounds like he had enemies.
UNK: Well, after 35 years of making and breaking careers, you...
UNK: Mrs. Ross : You're bound to piss off a few people.
UNK: Anyone at Saturday Night Tonight Studio?
Esposito : Yeah, was he having trouble with any of his employees there?
UNK: I don't know. Maybe. I...
UNK: Mrs. Ross : Sid called me last night. It was odd.
UNK: Uh, he said he was going to be working late.
Esposito : And that's unusual?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : No, he was a workaholic.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : The odd part was his tone, it was anxious.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : He said someone was out to get him and he needed to handle it.
UNK: Any idea who that someone might be?
UNK: Well, I just assumed it was one of his big business deals.
UNK: Is there anyone else who might know what Sid was involved in?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : Yes, the head of his production company, Gene Vogel.
Chad : Mr. Vogel is right over here.
UNK: Chad... It's Chad, right? Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Are these, uh, cast photos from all 35 seasons of the show?
Chad : Yep, every performer who has ever been on SNT.
UNK: Oh, I liked him. He played Fluffy the Space Puppy.
Beckett : That was my favorite.
UNK: You know, majority of this nation's comedy
UNK: was born in the minds of these geniuses.
Castle : Except for this season. Those guys sucked.
Beckett : Yeah, they were terrible.
Castle : Oh, this guy, uh, Ned what's-his-name. He played, uh, Dr. Finger!
UNK: "I'm sorry, sir, it's necessary.
UNK: "I must probe you."
Castle : How can you not like Dr. Finger?
Beckett : Because, Castle, I wasn't a 13-year-old boy.
Castle : Probe you.
Chad : That's Mr. Vogel.