Liz : Oh. Hi. Is everything all right?
Beckett : Yes. In fact we have some good news.
Vogel : Great, let's talk after the show.
UNK: Actually, show's already over. At least for you.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Beckett : Drop the act, Mr. Vogel. We know that you killed Sid.
Vogel : That's insane.
Castle : Not really,
Castle : not considering the partial sale
Castle : of Sid's company was on the horizon.
Castle : A sale that would mean a review of the company's books.
UNK: Which would expose the $4 million that you embezzled.
Chad : What? Are you out of your mind?
UNK: No, but you must've been.
Castle : Faced with the inevitability of being caught,
Castle : you had to do something.
Castle : So you kidnapped and ransomed Evelyn
Castle : in order to reimburse the money you'd stolen.
Beckett : A duffel bag full of cash would be easy to deposit
Beckett : in the company's Cayman Island bank, where no questions are asked.
Castle : After that, all you'd have to do
Castle : is falsify a few bank statements
Castle : and you'd be in the clear.
Vogel : How dare you? This is absurd!
Beckett : We followed the money, Gene.
UNK: You siphoned the $4 million to invest in a start-up company.
Castle : And when that company went belly-up,
Castle : you could not get your money back.
UNK: Sid must've recognized you at the drop.
Beckett : But he didn't confront you until after
Beckett : he discovered the faked expenses.
Liz : So you killed him? Gene, how could you?
Vogel : No! These are...
Vogel : These are baseless accusations. They can't prove anything.
Beckett : Actually, we can.
Beckett : We went through your financials
Beckett : and found millions in undeclared deposits from Sid's company.
Castle : Oh, by the way, nice touch wearing
Castle : the mask and SNT ring that Chad has.
Castle : Only problem with your frame job?
UNK: Richard Castle : You were witnessed hanging around
Castle : outside his apartment this afternoon
Castle : when you planted them.
UNK: Oops.
Beckett : Gene Vogel, you're under arrest for...
Tina : Model cop down! I broke a heel!
UNK: Damn it!
Beckett : Gene Vogel, you're under arrest for kidnapping and murder.
Esposito : Beckett, that was a badass takedown tonight on that show.
UNK: It was strong, yet sexy.
Ryan : Yeah, Beckett, the camera really loves you.
Beckett : You guys, shut up, both of you.
Castle : What about me, guys? How did I look?
Esposito : Like you should stick to writing.
Martha : Yeah, I think so.
Martha : There's only one star in this family, kiddo.
Castle : Mother, how was your preview performance?
UNK: Well, check out the, uh, Twitter-verse, as they say.
Castle : All righty.
Castle : "Martha Rodgers is a revelation."
UNK: "Martha Rodgers gives a masterful performance."
UNK: "A display of why theater is still a relevant art form."
Castle : "Martha Rodgers is amazeballs!"
UNK: Yeah, that, about that.
UNK: Is that amazeballs a good thing? Because...
Castle : It sure is. Congratulations. Congratulations!
UNK: Okay! Great! Then we can celebrate!
Martha : I brought some champagne for everybody! If you'll open it.
UNK: Sure.
Martha : Do we have some glasses?
Beckett : Well, we don't do a lot of entertaining here, Martha.
Beckett : But... Ta-da!
UNK: Ah-ha! Here you go.
Martha : That'll work. Thank you, thank you.
UNK: - May I? - Thank you.
Castle : Perfect. Thank you, Detective Ryan.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Thank you.
Valentine : Ladies and gentlemen, to my amazeballs mother.
Castle : The best second act on Broadway!
UNK: Cheers. Cheers!
UNK: Well done.
UNK: Hear, hear! Congratulations.