Castle : You see what I'm saying? Even arrested, he's hilarious!
Castle : Mr. Franks, you're a comedic genius. I'm a huge fan.
UNK: It's his face!
Castle : Mr. Franks.
Mickey : Please direct all your questions to my personal attorney.
Mickey : Mickey, don't say another word.
UNK: I am lead counsel for Mr. Franks.
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Franks, you made some threats against Sid Ross last night.
UNK: You're damn right, I... Don't answer that!
Mickey : Detective, address your questions to me, please.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Thank you.
Beckett : Uh, where were...
UNK: Where was your client between 11 : 00 p.m. and 2 : 00 a.m. last night?
Mickey : He was minding his own damn business!
Mickey : My client is an upstanding citizen and a pillar of the community,
UNK: not to mention, he's also one funny mother-fudgsicle...
Mickey : Hey, watch your language! That's just...
Beckett : What happened, Mickey?
UNK: Did Sid tell you that you were fired, so you snapped and killed him?
Mickey : Hold on. What?
UNK: Sid... Sid's dead?
UNK: Whoa! Hey, I...
Mickey : I didn't kill him.
UNK: I notice you're no longer seeking counsel from your attorney.
UNK: Yeah, no, that's, uh, just an act. I mean, I'm not crazy.
UNK: I've just spent a year of my life convincing people that I was.
Beckett : Yeah, and you've done a pretty good job of it.
Mickey : I'm an actor, okay?
Mickey : I am an actor that's tied to a long-term contract
UNK: that's, uh, not exactly covering his expenses.
UNK: Are you were saying you were trying to get fired?
Castle : I'm saying, Sid controls my career.
Mickey : Because of him, I'm missing out on major movie roles.
Mickey : That's why I attacked you guys.
UNK: I figured maybe if you 5150'd me on a Bellevue psych hold,
Mickey : he would finally cut me loose.
Beckett : Okay, look, crazy or not,
Beckett : you still made some pretty serious threats against Sid,
Beckett : and hours later he ended up dead.
Mickey : Okay, you're asking my whereabouts, right?
UNK: Mmm.
Mickey : Okay, I was upstairs at the rooftop bar, getting wasted all night.
UNK: And I stumbled down to the wardrobe
Liz : and props room at about 3 : 00 a.m.
Mickey : And passed out.
Mickey : I had just woken up when you guys came in.
Mickey : Plus, I had no idea Sid was even dead,
Mickey : so how could I have had anything to do with it?
UNK: Okay.
Mickey : Look, I might know who did.
Beckett : Okay. We're listening.
UNK: Look, at around 9 : 00 p.m. last night, I did go to Sid's office
Mickey : to beg to be let out of my contract.
Mickey : But I never went in, because I heard him on the phone.
Mickey : He was yelling at someone.
Beckett : Who was he yelling at?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know.
Mickey : But it had something to do with a deal
Mickey : that was going down around midnight.
Castle : Midnight? Did he say what the deal was?
UNK: No.
Mickey : But Sid told that person on the phone
UNK: they'd better stick to the agreement,
Mickey : or else.
Mickey : Can I call my real attorney?
Beckett : The bartender confirmed Mickey's alibi. He's not our killer.
Castle : Well, then we can assume Mickey was telling the truth
Castle : about the phone call he overheard Sid making.
Beckett : Yeah, but what kind of deal would Sid be making at midnight?
Ryan : Whatever it was, it went down in
Ryan : the middle of his time-of-death window.
Castle : So this deal could be connected to his death.
Castle : We need to figure out who Sid was talking on the phone with.
Esposito : Well, that's easier said than done, I just got Sid's phone dump.
UNK: That 9 : 00 p.m. phone call came from an untraceable burner phone.
Beckett : You know what? Why don't we a hold of Sid's associates,
Beckett : see if any of them know what this deal was?
Esposito : And I know exactly who to start with.
Esposito : Right after that mystery call,
Esposito : Sid phoned none other than Danny Valentine.
Esposito : If anyone knows about that deal, it's Valentine.
Valentine : Detective, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Tina : Look, buddy, I'm a cop and a model,
Tina : so I know when someone's lying to me.
Tina : And when their outfit is clashing.
Tina : Now, stand back. This could be dangerous.
Valentine : Don't worry.
Valentine : My experience writing crime novels has prepared me for danger.
Valentine : Plus, I have my vest.
Tina : Look out, bad guys, here we come!
UNK: Uh...
Tina : Model cop down. I broke a heel!
Liz : And scene! Great job, guys.
Beckett : Okay, well, I don't know whether we should be
Beckett : flattered or offended.
Castle : Who cares? Danny Valentine's playing me!
Liz : Well? What do you think?
Beckett : Um, about the sketch? It's cute.