UNK: He claimed Sid owed him money for Saturday Night Tonight.
Valentine : But since Sid didn't pay, he wanted me
Valentine : to sign over my shares of the show.
Castle : You own a piece of the show?
UNK: 5%.
UNK: Sid needed a celebrity "get" for the pilot,
Valentine : so he gave me a piece of the back end.
Valentine : It was the best deal of my life.
Castle : So, Van Zant wanted his cut,
Castle : but with Sid dead, his only option was to come after yours.
UNK: I refused. I said, "Hey, that's show business, baby."
Valentine : But that's when he started shoving me out the window.
UNK: Thirty-five years in Folsom.
Beckett : That's a long time to hold a grudge, Mr. Van Zant.
UNK: Van Zant : Lady, I didn't kill Sid.
Beckett : And yet, you were seen fleeing the alley where those shots were fired.
Beckett : It's not hard to imagine that you would
Beckett : follow Sid and finish off the job.
UNK: Van Zant : Look. You got this all wrong.
UNK: Van Zant : When I got paroled, I went straight to Sid.
UNK: Van Zant : We had it out, and he apologized.
Beckett : Except now he's dead.
UNK: Van Zant : Why would I move on him?
UNK: Van Zant : He agreed to give me a major chunk of change
UNK: Van Zant : of an upcoming sale of shares to some equity group.
UNK: Van Zant : So, we were good.
Beckett : That doesn't square with you shooting at him in the alley.
UNK: Van Zant : That wasn't me. I swear!
Beckett : If it wasn't you, then who was it?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : Sid called me
UNK: Van Zant : and told me the paperwork for my stake in the show was ready,
UNK: Van Zant : but he wouldn't sign off unless I brought him something.
UNK: Okay, fine, I'll play along.
Beckett : What did Sid want you to bring?
UNK: Van Zant : An unregistered gun.
Beckett : Why would Sid want a gun?
Beckett : Wait, no. Let me guess, he didn't tell you.
UNK: Van Zant : It's true.
UNK: Van Zant : He just told me to meet him near that alley at 11 : 30. So I did.
UNK: Van Zant : I gave him a .38 Special
UNK: Van Zant : and he told me I could pick up the signed papers in the morning.
UNK: Van Zant : And then he told me I should take a hike.
Beckett : But you didn't.
UNK: Van Zant : Well. A man asks for a gun, he's looking to dance with danger.
UNK: Van Zant : I thought it wise to protect my investment.
UNK: So you're saying that you stuck around just to see what would happen?
UNK: Van Zant : Yep. Saw Sid go down the alley and hide in a doorway.
UNK: Twenty minutes go by, then some dude in a mask shows up.
UNK: Van Zant : Opens the dumpster, pulls out a green duffel bag.
Beckett : And what was in the duffel bag?
UNK: Van Zant : Hell if I know.
UNK: Van Zant : But that's when Sid jumps out with the gun,
UNK: screaming, "You got what you wanted, now where is she?"
Beckett : Who is "she"?
Valentine : I have no idea.
UNK: Van Zant : But the masked man got the drop on Sid.
UNK: Van Zant : They wrestled for the gun, and then...
UNK: Van Zant : Shots go off in the air.
Beckett : You know what? If you were protecting your investment,
Beckett : then why didn't you help him out?
UNK: Van Zant : Well, Sid ran off.
UNK: Van Zant : And the guy in the mask wasn't giving chase,
UNK: Van Zant : so I figured, well, I'm on parole,
UNK: Van Zant : I need to bug out before the cops show up.
Beckett : And that's all you did?
UNK: Van Zant : I drove to Sid's building to see if I could catch him
UNK: Van Zant : and ask him what the hell he got me into!
UNK: Van Zant : But he never showed up.
UNK: Van Zant : Next thing I know, he's dead.
Ryan : I think he's telling the truth.
UNK: Security video outside of Sid's apartment
UNK: shows Van Zant waiting out front, in his car,
UNK: from 12 : 30 a.m. to 3 : 30 in the morning.
Beckett : That's on the other side of town from the studio.
Esposito : Yeah, Van Zant couldn't have done it.
Beckett : Okay, that dumpster that you searched. There was no duffel bag?
UNK: Van Zant : The guy in the mask must've taken it.
UNK: Which means that Sid must've been the guy who dropped it off.
UNK: This had to be the deal that Sid was talking about.
UNK: And that duffel bag was the payoff.
Ryan : Yeah, it sure was.
Ryan : I spoke with the business manager.
Ryan : He just discovered that on the day he was murdered,
Ryan : Sid made a huge bank withdrawal.
Beckett : How huge?
UNK: $4 million in non-sequential bills.
Ryan : Non-sequential bills?
Beckett : You guys, this was a ransom gone wrong.
Beckett : That's why Sid asked, "Where is she?"
Beckett : Some woman in his life was kidnapped.
Esposito : Yeah, but who?
UNK: That's what we gotta find out.
Beckett : 'Cause whoever took her might be our killer.
UNK: The cast and crew of Saturday Night Tonight
Beckett : are all at the studio, no one is missing.
Castle : So we've covered Sid's wife, his family, his friends, and now his job.
Castle : Everyone's accounted for.
UNK: Uh, actually, not everyone. Evelyn Ross, Sid's first wife.
Beckett : She's missing?
Ryan : Well, I followed up with Sid's son,
UNK: and he said that she hadn't returned any of his phone calls.
Ryan : So I spoke with her doorman.
UNK: He said Evelyn went on her usual 6 : 00 a.m. run two days ago,
Ryan : and he hasn't seen her since. She's gotta be our kidnap victim.
Esposito : Yes, and I was able to ping her cell phone.
Ryan : Yes, and. I wasn't doing that.
Ryan : No, you did it just now.
Esposito : Anyway, uniforms found the phone
UNK: dumped in a trash can near a bodega in the Bronx.
Esposito : Probably tossed there by her kidnapper.
UNK: Something's not right here.
Castle : Starting with our victim's behavior.
Castle : You're Sid, your ex-wife gets kidnapped,
Castle : the deal in the alley to get her back
Castle : goes south.
Castle : At that point, why wouldn't you go to the police?
Castle : Why do you go back to your office?
Ryan : Well, I'll circle back with Sid's office, see what I can find out.
Esposito : Yo, unis just arrived with Evelyn's phone.
Beckett : This is Evelyn's cloud account.
Tech : It's synced to her cell phone.
Beckett : Map My Jog. That's a fitness app. Can you click on it?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Looks like it's been running this whole time.
Beckett : I've seen this app before.
Beckett : They use GPS to calculate a jogger's distance and pace,
Beckett : and most importantly, their route.
Esposito : Can you replay Evelyn's last path?
Esposito : That's her leaving her building.
Beckett : Okay, so she jogged to the park.