Esposito : Wait. Is this when she got kidnapped?
Beckett : It's gotta be. She's moving at 30 miles an hour.
Esposito : She had to have been in a vehicle.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Can you fast forward, so that we can see where she ended up?
Tech : So she was taken up to the Bronx.
Esposito : Okay, looks like she stopped at this building.
Beckett : Evelyn might still be in that building.
Beckett : What do we know about that place?
Esposito : I don't know, we'll find out. Okay.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, you find anything in Sid's office?
Ryan : Nah, just paperwork and spreadsheets.
Beckett : So, nothing that speaks to a possible kidnapping?
Ryan : Pretty straightforward stuff.
Ryan : But I'll bring it in so we can go through it with a fine-tooth comb.
UNK: Beckett, we got something.
Beckett : Okay, Ryan, I gotta go.
Esposito : That building where Evelyn
Esposito : was taken is an abandoned warehouse.
Esposito : It's the ideal location to hold someone hostage.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Swat Team Member : Go, go, go!
UNK: Swat Team Member : There. Over there.
UNK: Over here! Kick it!
Esposito : Evelyn, we're the police.
Esposito : You're safe now.
UNK: Evelyn Ross : Oh, God.
Mickey : I had just stopped to stretch,
Evelyn : and the next thing I knew, there was a rag over my mouth,
UNK: and, um, when I came to, I was in that warehouse.
UNK: At any point in time did you get a look at your kidnapper's face?
Evelyn : He always wore a mask.
Evelyn : It was like a ski mask, but shiny,
Evelyn : with a silver zigzag up the middle,
Evelyn : and a gold headband.
Evelyn : A gold headband. Are you sure about that?
Evelyn : I'm pretty sure that's what it was.
Beckett : And, uh, how about his clothes?
Beckett : Do you remember anything distinctive about them?
UNK: No.
Evelyn : But he wore a ring.
Evelyn : A red and silver signet ring, on his right hand.
Evelyn : I remember that.
UNK: Evelyn, back to the mask. Did it look anything like this?
Evelyn : Yes! Exactly like that.
Beckett : Is that from Saturday Night Tonight?
Castle : It's from an obscure sketch they did two years ago
UNK: called Lucha Libre Brunch Buffet.
Beckett : So our kidnapper had access to the
Beckett : props and wardrobe room at the studio.
Castle : This was an inside job.
Chad : What do you mean, "A banana sandwich"?
Castle : Carly! Carly Rae! Carly Rae Jepsen!
UNK: I'm Rick! I'm Rick, this is Kate, we're huge fans.
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : Oh, thanks, that means a lot to me.
Beckett : So nice to meet you. Um, Castle, we really need to...
UNK: Yeah. Carly, quick question. That one song, um, Call Me Maybe,
Castle : what did you mean by the lyric...
UNK: Stage Manager : Carly? Two minutes.
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : Oh... I'm so sorry. I have to go perform this song.
UNK: Oh, that's cool. We gotta go solve a murder, so...
UNK: Okay. Nice to meet you!
UNK: Okay, let's go. Bye!
Beckett : Excuse me. Someone recently checked out one of these masks.
Beckett : And we need to know who.
Propmaster : Now? We're in the middle of a live show.
UNK: It was from the Lucha Libre Brunch Buffet sketch.
Propmaster : Yeah, that sketch sucked. We haven't used those masks in years.
Beckett : Well, is there a record of someone signing it out?
UNK: Probably not, but I can check. Could you give me, like, five minutes?
Beckett : Okay. We'll be back.
Castle : We are so close.
Beckett : Yeah, but who would be so brazen, or so naive,
Beckett : as to use a mask from the show to perpetrate a kidnapping?
Valentine : Ladies and gentlemen, performing her hit single,
Valentine : I Really Like You, Carly Rae Jepsen!
UNK: Carly Rae Jepsen : This is for you, Sid.