Chad : Nice moves.
UNK: Hey, you guys want a better seat?
Chad : There's nothing like watching the show from house seats.
Chad : Hey, it's cool. You can stay here if you like.
Castle : Beckett, check out his ring.
Beckett : Just like Evelyn described.
Beckett : Hey, Chad, we've got a house seat for you.
UNK: Down at the 12th Precinct. Let's go.
Beckett : So, Chad, tell us. How long have you been a page with SNT?
Chad : Uh, five incredible years. Why?
Castle : Don't most pages quit if they don't
Castle : get promoted after a year or two?
Chad : Oh, for me it's worth the wait. Any day now!
Beckett : Yeah, sorry, I don't buy it.
Beckett : I think you got tired of waiting.
Beckett : And after so many years, you wanted payback.
Chad : Payback? What do you mean, "payback"?
Beckett : I'm talking about the $4 million dollar kind.
Beckett : You kidnapped Sid's ex-wife.
Chad : Wait, what?
Valentine : It was a pretty clever plan.
UNK: All except for that one tiny detail
UNK: that you could not have foreseen.
UNK: Sid confronting you at the money drop.
UNK: He recognized your ring, didn't he?
UNK: That was when you realized your only way out was to kill him.
Liz : You think I killed Mr. Ross?
Castle : You can drop the act, we know what you did.
Castle : Even Evelyn saw your ring.
UNK: My... No, I bought
Chad : this ring at the SNT gift shop.
Chad : Lots of people have it.
Beckett : Yeah, except lots of people don't have evidence in their apartments.
Chad : What are you talking about? I didn't do anything!
Beckett : So then why don't you explain how detectives found a .38 revolver
Beckett : and a Lucha Libre mask under your bed.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Must've been an evil tooth fairy
UNK: who put it there, 'cause it wasn't me!
UNK: Please, I didn't do this.
Castle : All right, then where were you the night that Sid was murdered?
Chad : At home.
Beckett : Can anyone verify that?
UNK: No.
UNK: Sid was a tough SOB, but he loved his job,
UNK: and his job was to get us to make America laugh.
UNK: And tonight we honor him by doing just that.
Castle : Chad can't be the killer, can he?
Beckett : Well, it doesn't feel right. But there is an abundance of evidence.
Castle : Yeah, it's too abundant.
Castle : The mask, the gun, the ring. It's just too perfect.
Beckett : So, what, you think he was framed?
Castle : I think there's more to this story.
Beckett : You know, it's possible
UNK: that the killer wanted Evelyn to see the mask and the ring.
Castle : Chad is the perfect fall guy.
UNK: Okay, but if Chad didn't do it, then who did?
Ryan : Uh, I may have a line on that.
Ryan : I figured out what Sid was doing
Ryan : in his office with those spreadsheets.
Ryan : He was going over his corporate bank accounts.
Beckett : Sid went from paying a kidnapper at gunpoint
Beckett : to checking his corporate financials?
Ryan : That's weird.
Ryan : That's not the only thing that's weird.
Ryan : Check out those expenses he highlighted.
Castle : Oh, these are weird. Because?
Ryan : Because I called the bank in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : All of those expenses are bogus.
Beckett : So, someone with access at Sid's company was embezzling money.
UNK: Almost $4 million, the exact amount of the ransom.
Castle : Wait, that's it!
Castle : The embezzler was trying to replace
Castle : the money he'd stolen from Sid.
UNK: I know who the killer is! I know who the killer is!
UNK: Nice. In fairness, though, I walked you right through that.
UNK: Stage Manager : Places for the final sketch!
UNK: Stage Manager : Places for the final sketch!