Chad : He's the president of Mr. Ross' production company.
UNK: Gather round, please.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Thank you, everybody.
UNK: Gene Vogel : As tragic as Sid's death is,
UNK: Gene Vogel : the network has asked us to go on with tomorrow night's show
UNK: Gene Vogel : as a tribute.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Would you care to say a few words?
Chad : Check it out! That's...
UNK: Gene Vogel : Danny Valentine! Danny Valentine!
Chad : He's our guest host this week.
UNK: Danny Valentine : I remember when Sid asked me to host the pilot of this
UNK: Danny Valentine : crazy show.
UNK: Everybody said, "Turn him down, show's a dud."
UNK: Well, 35 years later, it's still going strong!
UNK: Danny Valentine : We honor Sid by honoring his creation.
UNK: So, let's put on a show!
Castle : - Yeah. - Yes.
Beckett : Mr. Vogel? Excuse me, I'm...
UNK: Liz Bell : Detective Kate Beckett! And you're Richard Castle!
UNK: Liz Bell : Hi, I'm Liz Bell.
UNK: Liz Bell : I'm the head writer for SNT, and I absolutely adore you.
UNK: Liz Bell : And you. Especially you.
UNK: What? Me? Really? Well, I...
UNK: Oh, of course. I mean, I followed your career.
Liz : I wanted to be a cop, but ended up a writer.
Liz : I know, it's pathetic.
Beckett : Excuse me?
UNK: So, I've seen footage of you at crime scenes
UNK: and I have to ask, how do you fight crime and keep your hair like that?
UNK: And do it in high heels?
Vogel : Detective, I assume you're here
Vogel : about Sid's death. How can I help?
Beckett : Well, uh, we checked with security,
Beckett : and I understand that most employees
Beckett : enter and exit through the front door.
Beckett : But apparently, there's also a private VIP entrance?
Vogel : That's right. Sid had it installed for the actors
Vogel : so they could come and go with more privacy.
Castle : Are there any security cameras on that private entrance?
Liz : They're actors.
Liz : So they also use it to do other things, like...
Vogel : Sid opted not to have surveillance.
Castle : So, there's no way of telling who came
Castle : in or out of the private entrance?
Vogel : I'm afraid not.
Beckett : Was anyone working here last night
UNK: between 11 : 00 p.m. and 2 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Oh...
Vogel : Yes, all the writers and actors.
UNK: Thursday is rewrite night, so most of them were here until sunup.
Castle : Of those people, did anyone have a problem with Sid?
UNK: Who?
Castle : Sorry, sir, we're not quite open yet.
UNK: I record all of our rehearsals.
Liz : This took place yesterday evening.
UNK: Dude, why are you wearing armor?
UNK: Because this sketch sucks and I'm trying to save it.
Castle : Mickey Franks is hilarious.
Vogel : Yes, well. Just watch.
UNK: Mickey, you can't do this.
UNK: Sid already approved the sketch.
UNK: You know, screw Sid!
UNK: Screw Sid! You wanna know what I think of Sid?
UNK: Look, that's what I think of Sid!
UNK: Sid's dead, that's what he is! He's dead to me!
UNK: I'll kill him!
Beckett : He's dead! He's dead! He's dead!
UNK: He's dead! He's...
Vogel : Over the season, Mickey's become more and more unstable.
Vogel : Mood swings, outbursts, talks to himself.
UNK: And to people who aren't there.
Liz : But that was the first time he ever went this far.
Beckett : Well, did he have a reason to be angry with Sid?
Castle : Aside from the lame sketch?
Vogel : Actually, yes.
Vogel : I talked to Sid yesterday morning.
UNK: Mrs. Ross : He said he was planning to fire Mickey.
UNK: How can he fire his star?
UNK: Ah. He's volatile. Unpredictable.
Vogel : He's become more and more of a liability.
Beckett : Mr. Vogel, did Sid break the news to Mickey last night?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know. But he might have.
Beckett : Well, Mickey wasn't at the gathering for Sid.
Beckett : Is he in the building?
UNK: If he is, he'll be in the wardrobe and props room.
Liz : He hangs out there to develop new characters.
Beckett : Hello? Anybody there?
Castle : I'm really hoping Mickey's not the one behind this.
Castle : I mean, the man is just so damn funny on the show.
Castle : Even the crappy episodes. Guy's hysterical.
Beckett : And quite possibly suffering a psychotic break.
Castle : Yes, the fine line
Castle : between genius and madness.
Castle : Mickey Franks, is that you?
Castle : I'm sorry.
UNK: You must've mistaken me for another suit of armor.
Mickey : Now, if you'll excuse me.
Beckett : NYPD. We need to talk.
Mickey : You'll never take me alive, copper!
UNK: Oh! My pancreas!