Beckett : Hey. So what'd you guys get from the homeless man?
Ryan : Well, he didn't witness the exchange
Ryan : between Sid and our masked gunman.
Ryan : However, he did hear the gunshots,
UNK: and then a few minutes later he saw a black Explorer speeding away.
Beckett : Did he get a plate? Yeah.
Ryan : The last four numbers, which got us
Ryan : a match to an SUV rented by this guy.
Ryan : Kurt Van Zant.
UNK: Just did a 35-year stretch in Folsom for drug trafficking,
Ryan : but he was just released.
UNK: Is there any connection between Sid and this ex-con?
Ryan : Oh, yeah. Uh, while he was in prison, Van Zant filed a lawsuit
Ryan : claiming that he financed the pilot for Saturday Night Tonight
Ryan : and that Sid screwed him out of all the profits.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're telling me that a drug kingpin bankrolled that comedy show?
Ryan : Yeah, I know, it sounds like one of their comedy sketches, right?
Beckett : So, a show that brought joy, laughter
Beckett : and Judge Booty to people everywhere
Beckett : may have been built on drug money?
Ryan : Yeah, but the lawsuit was thrown out,
Ryan : so while Sid was getting rich, Van Zant was rotting in prison.
Beckett : You know, maybe Van Zant was who Sid was talking about
Beckett : when he told his wife someone was after him.
Ryan : Makes sense, right?
Ryan : Van Zant felt that Sid owed him
UNK: a share of the profits from the show,
Ryan : maybe he came to collect.
Beckett : And when Sid didn't wanna go along,
Beckett : Van Zant opted for revenge instead.
Beckett : Where is Van Zant now?
Ryan : He's registered at a hotel up in Queens.
Esposito : Yo, I sent Van Zant's photo to security at SNT.
Esposito : Asked if anybody saw him last night.
Esposito : No one did.
UNK: However, 30 minutes ago, Van Zant
Esposito : entered the building on a day pass
Esposito : called in from someone at the show.
Ryan : Kurt Van Zant? You've got to be kidding me.
Beckett : Yeah, do you know him?
Vogel : No, but Sid told me all about him. He's dangerous.
Beckett : You're telling me he's here, in the studio?
Castle : Do you know who called in his pass?
Vogel : No, but I can find out. Follow me.
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Can I help you?
Tina : Oh, no, it's fine. You just have a very bizarre gait.
UNK: Um, I'm sorry, what?
Beckett : I'm sorry, what? Nailed it.
Beckett : Castle, please tell me I don't move like that. I mean, do I?
Castle : Is this a trick question?
UNK: What answer is not gonna have me sleeping on the couch tonight?
Vogel : Chad, find out who called in a day pass for a Kurt Van Zant.
Chad : You're looking at him, sir.
Beckett : Wait a minute. You called in the pass?
UNK: Why?
Chad : I was told to. By Mr. Valentine.
UNK: Gene Vogel : Danny Valentine? Danny Valentine?
UNK: Oh, I knew it. That smug, no-talent
Castle : playboy is up to his neck in this.
Valentine : Hey! Hey! Hey, help! Help! He's gonna kill me!
Valentine : Hey, help!
Beckett : - NYPD! - Help!
UNK: Help!
Castle : Let him go!
Valentine : What? No!
Beckett : Pull him in, Van Zant. Now.
UNK: Kurt Van Zant : Hey, lady, relax.
Beckett : Come on, let me see your hands.
UNK: Thanks. Guy's a psychopath!
Castle : Then why did you give him a pass to get on?
Valentine : He left a note at my hotel.
Valentine : He said he had information about Sid's murder.
Beckett : You're saying you don't know this man?
UNK: I never met him before today.
UNK: Listen, this whole thing is a big misunderstanding.
Beckett : I'm sure it is. Come on.
Castle : So what information did he have about Sid's murder?
UNK: Nothing! This was a shakedown.