Beckett : In Brooklyn? What was he doing in Brooklyn?
Ryan : You know, I wondered the same thing,
Ryan : so I checked with the 87th Precinct.
Ryan : Apparently, they responded to a 911 call in that area.
Esposito : About what? Well, check it out.
Ryan : Officers used traffic-cam footage,
Ryan : and they caught the tail end of it.
Ryan : This is about a block away from where Sid got off the subway.
Ryan : Now, keep your eye on that alley right there.
Esposito : Were those gunshots?
Ryan : Fits with the 911 call.
UNK: It was a report of "shots fired." Now, watch what happens next.
Beckett : That's Sid.
Beckett : You guys, look at the time stamp. It's from just after midnight.
Castle : This must be the deal he was talking about.
Castle : And judging by the speed his 60-year-old legs are moving,
UNK: I would say he's in danger.
Beckett : Who's that?
UNK: Mrs. Ross : I don't know, but he's got a gun.
Ryan : And he's wearing a mask.
Castle : And, hours later, Sid gets thrown down an elevator shaft?
Castle : What the hell was Sid mixed up in?
Beckett : You guys, is it just me or does none of this make sense?
Beckett : I mean, Sid was a multi-millionaire.
Beckett : Guys like that don't make shady deals in the middle of dark alleys.
Ryan : Or if you do, you have someone else do it for you.
Esposito : Yeah, and take a look at our suspect there.
UNK: I mean, what is this? A deal gone wrong, or a failed hit?
Castle : So, uh, what are we saying here?
Castle : That the masked man followed Sid back
Castle : to the SNT building and killed him?
Esposito : Well, with a private entrance with no surveillance cameras,
Esposito : it's possible, right?
Castle : But after an apparent attempt on his life,
Castle : why would Sid just go back to the office?
Beckett : And if Sid really was in danger, why didn't he call security?
Ryan : Well, we may find some answers in that alley.
Esposito : Let's go check it out.
Beckett : Okay, Castle and I are gonna scrub traffic cams,
Beckett : maybe we'll find the shooter there.
Ryan : Anything yet?
Esposito : No. No blood, no shell casings, no nothing.
Ryan : Hey, doesn't this remind you of, uh, that
Ryan : sketch from Saturday Night Tonight
UNK: where, uh, Mickey Franks plays Sherlock Holmes' wacky cousin?
Esposito : No, I don't watch that stupid show, bro.
Castle : You don't?
Esposito : No. Hell no. The sketches never have any endings.
Esposito : It's a big waste of time, just like searching this alley is.
Ryan : You know, Javi, I think that you need
Ryan : to find a way to be more positive.
Esposito : No, I don't.
Ryan : And you need to stop saying "no" all the time.
Ryan : Instead, why don't you try saying, "Yes, and..."
Esposito : What the hell are you talking about?
Ryan : Oh, I learned it in a SNT -sponsored
Ryan : improvisation class that I took in college.
Ryan : See, by simply substituting "no" with "yes, and,"
Ryan : partners can't deny one another's progress,
Ryan : moving forward in a scene and accomplishing goals.
UNK: Yo, that guy might've been here last night.
Ryan : Yes, and he might have seen
Ryan : the exchange between Sid and the gunman.
Ryan : See what you can accomplish by saying "Yes, and", hmm?
Esposito : Yes, and you need to shut the hell up.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Martha, you okay?
Martha : Oh, yeah, yeah. Just a little tired, that's all.
UNK: Shall we?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Something's wrong with your mom.
Castle : I thought we already covered that.
Beckett : No, no, no, she's not repeating the line. Something else is going on.
Castle : Can't we just be happy that she stopped?
Beckett : Castle, I have to go to the precinct.
UNK: Will you just talk to her and meet me over there?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay. Bye. Bye, Martha.
Martha : Bye, honey.
Castle : So, previews tonight.
Castle : Pretty exciting, huh?
Castle : Come on. "Is he dead?"
Martha : Wrong question. Am I dead?
Martha : You know, I don't know what I'm thinking.
Martha : Eight performances a week, major play. On Broadway.
Castle : You've been on Broadway before.
UNK: Well, not since the Clinton administration.
Martha : And now, it's all viral.
Martha : Bloggers. Tweeters.
Martha : You know, people actually come to the previews,
Martha : record the show on their phone,
Martha : put it online, and make comments.
Castle : And you don't feel your performance is ready?
UNK: Well, I'm still honing my performance.
UNK: That's what a... That's what previews are for!
Martha : And I just...