Castle : Oh, I'm embarrassing you? I'm the one who's dressed!
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Dad! - Castle? Come on, let's go.
Castle : Are you kidding me? Can you see what she's wearing?
Beckett : - Yeah, it's not that bad. - Not that bad?
Castle : How am I gonna un-see that?
UNK: Oracle, chances of crew survival if we engage?
UNK: Our weapons systems are disabled.
Oracle : The alien vessel has superior firepower.
UNK: Chances of survival? 0. 1%.
Winters : That's a rosy prediction.
Winters : We will live to fight...
Winters : Ah! We have visitors,
UNK: wearing 21 st century garb.
UNK: Do you come in peace, or is this more Creaver trickery?
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : Sorry, folks. We're gonna have to cut this short.
Beckett : Everyone out.
Winters : This is outrageous.
Winters : I included you in the Nebula 9 Fan Experience,
Winters : and you ruined it.
Beckett : Mr. Winters, where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
Beckett : And don't say your hotel room.
Winters : You can't be insinuating I had something to do with Anabelle's death?
Winters : I told you everything I know.
Castle : Then you wouldn't mind relinquishing your weapon.
Winters : This Thorian Blaster was given to me by the Vice-Chancellor of Loron
Winters : - when I helped save the Queen... - For the love of Pete.
UNK: "Zap," said the lady.
Castle : You are so busted.
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : So our Ballistics guys got together with...
UNK: Perlmutter and tested the blaster. It's definitely our murder weapon.
UNK: I wanna build an ironclad case against this guy.
Beckett : Have Tech look at the gun. Find out where it came from.
Esposito : As you wish.
UNK: Well, I can see how Anabelle felt betrayed.
Castle : Some guys have no business commanding a spaceship.
UNK: It just goes to show you sometimes people aren't what they appear to be.
UNK: For Alexis's sake, I hope you're right. Given what she was wearing.
UNK: Castle, she is a full-grown woman.
Castle : Who, as we speak,
Castle : is being ogled by thousands of sweaty, lecherous fanboys.
UNK: It's just so wrong.
Beckett : Can I just point out the fact that the costume that she was wearing
Winters : I was busy handling a personal issue that I would rather not discuss.
Beckett : You're facing a murder charge.
Castle : Okay, look, we already know about
Castle : the threesome with the Lieutenant Chloes.
Castle : How bad can it be?
Winters : Well, let's just say
UNK: my weakness for fleeting romance
Winters : left me with a burning desire to see my doctor last night.
Castle : And it just got worse.
UNK: So, doctor confirms his alibi.
Ryan : He was dosing Gabriel with antibiotics during our time-of-death window.
UNK: Gabriel said that Anabelle went to the party with her boyfriend,
Beckett : but there's no evidence that she was in a relationship.
Beckett : There's nothing in her e-mails, phone calls or texts.
Ryan : And the very next day, she said someone had "betrayed her trust."
UNK: Maybe she meant this secret boyfriend.
Beckett : Whoever he is, he never came forward, and that is suspicious.
Esposito : Yo. Our Tech guys caught a break.
Esposito : They took apart the gun
Esposito : and they traced the serial number on one of the components.
UNK: The manufacturer shipped it to an address in the Bronx.
UNK: All right, Castle and I will go check this out.
Beckett : You guys go to the convention center bar where the party was being held,
Beckett : and see if you can ID who Anabelle was with.
UNK: - Right on. - Yeah.
Ryan : This is like the Halloween from hell.
Esposito : Oh, yeah, this is probably too low-brow for you, huh?
Esposito : You're probably into that boring-ass, intellectual kind of sci-fi,
Esposito : like Gattaca or 2001.
UNK: And the monolith? What the hell was that?
Ryan : Don't ask me.
UNK: No, no. Swords and sorcery, that's more my thing.
UNK: Like Lord of the Rings.
UNK: Yeah. I can probably see you as an elf.
Esposito : Or a hobbit.
UNK: Yeah, I served her and her date in a private room.
UNK: They looked pretty cozy,
Bartender : but later, she was alone at the bar crying her eyes out.
Esposito : This date of hers, can you describe him?
UNK: Sure can. He looked like that.
Esposito : A Creaver?
Beckett : A who?
UNK: The evil alien race from Nebula 9.
Esposito : Nasty creatures.
Esposito : They'll eat your face off while you're still alive
Esposito : and then serve your organs to their young.
UNK: Good to know. Is that all?
Bartender : Had one of these purple VIP badges. Pretty exclusive.
Bartender : Can't be more than a few hundred of them.