Alexis : I thought maybe, after what happened, that you'd wanna talk about it.
UNK: No, me, no. You?
UNK: No.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Hey, so we found out the valet parking comes with those purple passes.
Esposito : And there was only one attendee that had
Esposito : a white SUV with North Carolina plates.
Esposito : Simon Westport. He was on 295 heading south
UNK: when the state troopers pulled him over.
Esposito : He had a Creaver outfit in his trunk.
Beckett : Do you recognize this, Simon?
UNK: Simon Westport : It's a Thorian Blaster.
Beckett : You know what else it is?
UNK: It's the gun that killed Anabelle Collins.
Esposito : Bought by a guy dressed as a Creaver
Esposito : who was seen with the victim before she died.
Simon : This is not what it looks like. I bought that for her as a gift.
UNK: You bought her a live-fire collectible laser gun as a gift?
Simon : I did not kill her.
Simon : I didn't even know she was dead till the police told me.
Beckett : What was your relationship to the victim?
UNK: I met Anabelle at SuperNovaCon, like, five years ago.
Simon : We just clicked.
Simon : Look, at the Con, you can be anyone you wanna be for a few days,
Simon : so we'd hook up.
UNK: It was a Same Time, Next Year kind of thing.
Esposito : So how does that square with you leaving her at the bar, crying?
Simon : Okay, something did happen at the party that night, but not with me.
Simon : I gave her the blaster.
Simon : She was thrilled. I left to take a phone call.
Simon : I come back, and there's a guy hassling her.
Beckett : About what?
Simon : I don't know, but he tried to kiss her. She slapped him in the face.
Simon : By the time I got to her, he had already taken off.
Simon : But she's all upset about it, she tells me she needs space.
Simon : So she takes the blaster and leaves.
Simon : So I track her down the next day to see if she's okay,
Simon : and out of nowhere she says that she's done with SuperNovaCon
Simon : and she's done with me.
Simon : So I checked out of my hotel and I left.
Beckett : Can you describe this guy?
UNK: Yeah.
Simon : It's the guy she did those webisodes with.
UNK: Davis.
Esposito : So it sounds like whatever happened between Davis and Anabelle
Esposito : really did a number on her.
Esposito : All of a sudden, she was ready to ditch Simon and the convention.
Beckett : We talked to Davis. He never mentioned any incident.
Esposito : Which means he's hiding something.
Beckett : Either that or he killed her.
Castle : Hey, tell me, you guys, do you think my hair is thinning?
Beckett : You're not losing your hair, Castle.
Castle : Okay, so if I wake up bald tomorrow, you'll still be attracted to me?
Castle : - Oh, my God, you wouldn't! - I didn't say that.
Castle : No, but you were thinking it. I can see it in your...
Esposito : With that pumpkin head? Dude.
Beckett : Davis, what was your relationship with Anabelle Collins?
Davis : I told you before. We were friends.
Castle : Was friendship enough? Or did you want more?
UNK: Witnesses saw you with Anabelle at the opening night party.
Beckett : It sounds like she didn't respond too well to your advances.
UNK: And why would she?
Castle : I mean, you were already in a relationship with her best friend.
Beckett : Why would you risk it all by making a pass at her?
UNK: Well, one reason. Love.
Castle : But you were with Audrey.
UNK: I was. I am.
UNK: But it was always Anabelle.
Beckett : Why don't you tell us what happened?
UNK: That night, I'd had a few drinks,
Davis : and I saw her with that Creaver at the party.
Davis : They were all over each other.
Davis : And it killed me.
Davis : I couldn't take it anymore. I had to tell her how I really felt.
Audrey : And she...
Davis : She said terrible things.
Davis : She said that I ruined everything, that she was gonna have to tell Audrey.
UNK: And I didn't know what else to do.
UNK: Davis, did you kill Anabelle?
UNK: No.
Davis : No, I was halfway across the building when it happened,
Davis : at the masquerade ball. You can check.
UNK: Look, I tried to make things right with her.
UNK: And I told her I was drunk and we should just forget about it,
Davis : but she couldn't.
Davis : She said it was one thing to live a fantasy,
UNK: but she wasn't gonna live a lie,
UNK: and that this was gonna be our last Con.
UNK: She was gonna end the Fan Experience?
Davis : Not just the Fan Experience. Everything.
Davis : She said it was time to move on.
Davis : She decided to cash out, sell the rights to Nebula 9.
Davis : I mean, they were worthless when she first got them, but she...
Davis : She made the show popular again.
UNK: And they were talking about rebooting the series,
Davis : maybe even doing a movie.
Castle : That would mean some real money.
Beckett : Davis, who gets the rights now that Anabelle's dead?
Davis : They go to Audrey.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : So Davis' alibi checks out.
Castle : - Sort of. - Sort of?
UNK: Yeah. Organizers confirm that he arrived at the party at 9 : 30,
UNK: but everyone was masked. So he could've slipped out at any time.
UNK: Hey. So Anabelle was serious about cashing out.
Ryan : She had an offer on the table from EpicScope Productions.
Esposito : She'd been refusing to sell for months,
Esposito : but the day she died, she put in a call saying she was ready to make that deal.
Beckett : - For how much? - Two and a half million dollars.
Beckett : - That's motive. - That's madness.
UNK: Two-point-five mill for that God-awful show?
Ryan : But, now that she's dead, they're gonna have to pay Audrey.
Esposito : And she didn't even wait for the body to get cold.
UNK: The morning after Anabelle was killed Audrey put in a call to EpicScope.
Ryan : They closed the deal today.
Audrey : Yeah, I sold the rights.
UNK: So what? All this? This is all Anabelle.
UNK: What's the point in doing it without her?
Castle : Except you weren't going to be doing it with her much longer, were you?
Audrey : I don't know what you mean.
UNK: You worked for years helping Anabelle bring Nebula 9 back to life.
Castle : If she sold the rights, all this would go away,
Castle : leaving you with nothing.
Castle : And you couldn't let her do that, could you?
Audrey : That is a disgusting thing to say. She was my best friend.
Beckett : Where were you the night that she was killed?
UNK: I'm not gonna answer any more of your questions.
Castle : Let's make sure that history