Beckett : and just let them know
UNK: that you're gonna meet them at the front of the ship.
UNK: Nebula 9 fan site?
Beckett : Yeah. I understand that they have a very loyal...
UNK: Fan base.
Beckett : - Is that... - Gabriel Winters,
UNK: aka the real Captain Max Rennard.
Ryan : He knew the victim.
UNK: And?
Ryan : Oh, I tried to talk to him, but he said he needed a minute
UNK: to "muse upon the fragile nature of human life."
Beckett : Well, his minute is up.
UNK: First Mate : Hi. Um...
Beckett : Mr. Winters, I'm Detective Kate Beckett and...
Winters : I'm devastated.
UNK: Ravaged by sorrow.
UNK: Reminded of the moment when First Officer Tate
Winters : was sucked into that wormhole in Episode 6.
Castle : Except, in this case, someone actually died.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Now, I understand that you knew Anabelle.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who could've done this to her?
Winters : No idea.
UNK: Anabelle was spectacular in every way.
UNK: When Nebula 9 was canceled,
Winters : unjustly, I might add,
Winters : she kept interest in the show alive.
Winters : How will I go on without her?
Castle : Go on living?
Winters : Go on doing the Fan Experience.
Winters : She contacted me a few months ago.
Winters : Asked me to be a part of this.
Winters : I was thrilled to give back to the Nebula 9 community.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw her?
UNK: At 9 : 00 last night, after the Fan Experience ended.
Winters : I went back to my hotel, stayed in for the night.
UNK: Last time I saw Anabelle she was alone on the bridge.
Winters : And may fortune guide her journey.
Winters : But the show must go on.
Winters : When do you think we can get this back up and running?
UNK: Soon-ish?
Beckett : We'll let you know. In the meantime,
Beckett : did you know any of Anabelle's family members?
UNK: Nah.
Winters : But her friends, Audrey and Davis,
UNK: run the Nebula 9 booth down on the floor.
UNK: Dismissed.
Audrey : It's just so awful.
Audrey : She's been my best friend since high school.
Audrey : She introduced me to Davis. She's the reason we're together.
UNK: Yeah, we bonded over Nebula 9. I mean, we all loved the show.
UNK: So when Anabelle started the fan club,
Davis : we helped out, and it just kind of took off from there.
Castle : Did you notice any unusual behavior lately?
Audrey : I saw her yesterday morning and she seemed really upset.
Beckett : - About what? - I don't know.
Audrey : All she said was that someone she had trusted had betrayed her.
Beckett : Any idea who? Was she involved with anyone?
Audrey : Not that I know of.
UNK: Did Anabelle have any enemies?
Davis : There were those fans. The ones that sent all the threats.
Beckett : What threats?
UNK: After the fan club took off,
UNK: Anabelle bought the rights to the show for practically nothing,
UNK: and started making new Nebula 9 webisodes, starring the three of us.
Audrey : You know, picking up where the show left off. Like, as a tribute.
UNK: And not everyone saw it that way.
UNK: Anabelle got some pretty ugly e-mails.
Castle : How ugly?
Audrey : Some were death threats.
Castle : Davis wasn't kidding about these e-mails.
Castle : Listen to this.
UNK: "Your so-called webisodes desecrate the memory of Nebula 9
UNK: "and you should pay the ultimate price!"
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. Do you honestly believe
UNK: that Anabelle was killed by an angry Nebula 9 fan?
UNK: I think if you like Nebula 9, you're crazy enough to kill, yeah.
Beckett : Whoa, why are you so down on the show?
UNK: Uh, okay, well let's see. Because it's cheesy,
Castle : it ignores the laws of physics and good story-telling, not to mention...
Beckett : Okay, I got it.
UNK: It's Perlmutter. He's got something for us.
Beckett : Kate Beckett!
UNK: K-Bex! I knew it was you!
UNK: Henry Barnett. Well, it's been years.
Henry : Since our first semester at Stanford.
UNK: "K-Bex"?
UNK: Um...
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : Do you think we could catch up later? I'm actually here for work.
Henry : Oh, well, that explains why you aren't wearing your Nebula 9 outfit.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: You have a Nebula 9 outfit?
Henry : Oh, she had a few. She was a megafan.
UNK: You should've seen her as Lieutenant Chloe.
Henry : Oh, wait, you can. Remember that photo we all took?
Henry : - I brought it to get it signed. - May I?
Henry : - It's us from back in the day. - Ooh!