Castle : never forgets the name Enterprise.
UNK: Yeah, okay. Thanks, Ryan.
UNK: So Audrey's hotel keycard was used at 9 : 48 p.m.,
UNK: and then it wasn't used again the rest of the night.
UNK: Well, she could've slipped out and left her door ajar.
UNK: That would've given her enough time to get down here.
UNK: Yeah, but, Castle, all we have is circumstantial evidence and soft alibis.
UNK: We gotta get something more concrete.
Beckett : I can't tell you how many times
Beckett : I have had dreams about being in this very ship.
Castle : Sexy dreams?
Castle : You know, it's never too late to live out your fantasy.
Beckett : You do realize that this is still a crime scene?
Castle : - Oh, right. Ew. - Yeah.
Beckett : You're right, okay? It was a stupid show.
Beckett : It was cheesy and melodramatic.
UNK: I mean, a handful of Academy Cadets on a training mission,
Beckett : and, suddenly, the Earth is destroyed and they're all that's left of humanity?
Beckett : I completely understand why you hated it.
Beckett : But, Castle, I also understand why people loved it.
UNK: Why Anabelle loved it.
Beckett : It was about leaving home for the first time,
Beckett : about searching for your identity and making a difference.
Beckett : I loved dressing up like Lieutenant Chloe.
Beckett : She didn't care what anybody thought about her,
UNK: and I kind of did at that time.
Beckett : I mean, she was a scientist and a warrior,
Beckett : and that was all in spite of the way that she looked.
Beckett : It was like, I could be anything, and I didn't have to choose.
Beckett : So don't make fun, okay?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : And besides, it didn't hurt that my legs looked great in her outfit.
UNK: Ooh. Of that I have no... Ow!
Beckett : What's wrong?
Castle : My hand!
UNK: What? What...
Castle : I mean, what does that mean?
Beckett : That means you just solved our case.
Beckett : Thank you, everyone, for coming in today.
Winters : I was under the impression I didn't have a choice.
Castle : You didn't.
Simon : I don't understand. What are we doing here?
Castle : Everyone in this room had a relationship with the victim.
Castle : Each of you had either motive or opportunity to kill her.
UNK: Uh, Ms. Frye, would you do me the honor of a little improvisation?
Winters : Trust me, that woman needs a script.
Stephanie : I'm happy to help.
UNK: Ms. Frye will be playing Anabelle Collins.
Castle : I will be the killer.
UNK: Anabelle had the murder weapon on her the night she died.
Castle : Don't worry, this one's just a toy.
UNK: Now, the killer confronts Anabelle.
UNK: Anabelle, presumably to protect herself, drew her blaster.
Castle : They struggled for the gun.
Castle : The killer over...
Castle : I need you to resist just a little less.
UNK: Told ya.
UNK: And wrench free the weapon.
UNK: Anabelle was slain by her own Thorian Blaster. Zap.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Oh!
Winters : Overacting much?
Stephanie : Shut up, Gabriel.
Castle : At that point,
UNK: the killer stashed Anabelle's body in the Oracle Pod,
Castle : not knowing that by firing the Thorian Blaster,
Castle : they were leaving behind crucial evidence.
Beckett : The energy emission from the gun left a superficial burn on the killer's skin,
Beckett : which is visible under UV light.
UNK: Branding our murderer with the mark of Cain.
UNK: Or, for you Nebula 9 fans, the mark of Claderesh.
Beckett : Simon, could you step forward, please?
Beckett : Could you hold out your hands?
Winters : Thank you.
UNK: Davis?
Beckett : Your left hand as well.
Winters : Thank you.
UNK: Audrey.
Beckett : Mr. Winters?