UNK: Did you see her here last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: No.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: But,
Woman : if there's anything else I can do for you,
Woman : here's my number.
Woman : Call me.
UNK: You took my pen.
Ryan : Let me begin by asking if you speak English or not.
UNK: Obvi.
Ryan : Okay. Did you see this woman between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m. Last night?
Pearlmutter : - Yeah. - You did?
UNK: Yup. My friends and I were totes pissed at her
Girl : because she told us that the Fan Experience was closed.
Girl : And then two seconds later, she brought someone inside here.
Ryan : Could you describe who she was with?
UNK: I can do lots better.
Girl : I can tell you her name.
Castle : Stephanie Frye?
Castle : The actress who played your personal hero,
UNK: First Mate : Lieutenant Chloe, in the original Nebula 9 series?
UNK: A witness saw Anabelle and Stephanie
UNK: walk onto the spaceship set around 9 : 45.
Castle : Well, did she see either one of them after that?
UNK: No.
Castle : Stephanie's a big movie star now.
UNK: She's not even involved with Nebula 9.
Castle : What possible motive could she have?
Beckett : All I know is that she was one of the last people to see Anabelle alive,
Beckett : so I have to talk to her.
UNK: I was sad to hear about Anabelle.
UNK: I've met her a few times at conventions like this.
UNK: Stephanie Frye : She seemed lovely.
Beckett : We have a witness that saw you and Anabelle go into the ship
Beckett : just before she died.
Stephanie : You don't think...
Beckett : We're just trying to figure out what happened.
Stephanie : Nothing happened.
Stephanie : We talked. It was a quick conversation.
UNK: I had to be on the red carpet at 10 : 00.
Castle : What did you talk about?
Stephanie : Ugh. She asked if I'd be part of this weekend's Nebula 9 Fan Experience.
Beckett : Yeah, but you distanced yourself from the show.
UNK: Didn't you? I heard that you did.
UNK: I mean, don't get me wrong.
Stephanie : Playing Lieutenant Chloe was my big break.
UNK: But Nebula 9? Not exactly a career-launcher.
Audrey : I know!
Stephanie : Now that I'm finally being taken seriously as an actress,
Stephanie : I couldn't go back. It would harm my image.
UNK: So I told Anabelle, "No." She understood.
Castle : Well, I'm not sure I do.
Castle : Why would she even ask if she knew you'd refuse?
Stephanie : She was desperate.
Stephanie : She said she'd have to shut it down
Stephanie : if she didn't have an original cast member.
Beckett : Yeah, but what about Captain Max?
Ryan : Gabriel Winters. Uh, she had him, didn't she?
Stephanie : Gabriel is a complicated guy.
Stephanie : I mean, she didn't go into detail, but she was having problems with him.
Esposito : She was having problems with him, all right.
Ryan : Word is, Gabriel was showing up late to the Fan Experience.
Ryan : And drunk.
Beckett : Captain Max was drunk?
Ryan : Among other transgressions.
Ryan : He was actually a no-show to the Nebula 9 yesterday,
UNK: and Anabelle had to rouse him from his hotel room where he was passed out,
Ryan : naked, with two Lieutenant Chloes.
Castle : I'd say fortune was definitely guiding his journey.
Beckett : Just because he exhibited some bad behavior
UNK: doesn't mean that that was motive for murder.
Esposito : Well, except that I just spoke to Gabriel's agent.
UNK: Anabelle called her yesterday threatening to fire him.
Beckett : And so he killed her?
Esposito : Well, here's the thing. The guy's a washed-up actor.
Esposito : He's barely worked since the show was canceled.
Esposito : He does, what? Twenty Fan Experiences a day
UNK: at 500 bucks a shot.
UNK: If Anabelle took that away from him, he'd have nothing.
Beckett : Okay, guys. Thanks.
UNK: Anabelle said she was betrayed by someone she trusted.
Castle : Maybe that was Captain Max.
Castle : Oh, my God! Alexis?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad? What are you doing here?
Castle : What are you doing here dressed like that?
UNK: We're Havacura. It's a tribe of female assassins who...
Castle : Don't wear clothes?
Alexis : You're overreacting, and you're embarrassing me.