UNK: "Danger. Do not enter."
Castle : That is just the sort of sign you'd expect to see
Castle : on the lair of an evil, laser-gun-making genius.
Castle : It's pitch black inside. But the door's partially open.
Castle : I would say that's an invitation, wouldn't you?
Beckett : Just in case it isn't.
Beckett : NYPD. Anyone here?
UNK: Perhaps we should've heeded that very wise sign.
Computer : Raise your hands. Prepare to die.
Beckett : NYPD! Put down your weapons!
UNK: Benjamin Donnelly : Did you see that? It worked perfectly!
UNK: Benjamin Donnelly : It's modeled on the targeting system of a Machbarian Star Destroyer.
UNK: So I take it we're not gonna die?
UNK: From remote-controlled laser pointers?
UNK: No.
Donnelly : But it's perfect to scare away intruders.
UNK: You should've seen the UPS guy. He almost wet himself.
Beckett : Excuse me, Mr...
Donnelly : Donnelly. Benjamin Donnelly.
Donnelly : Purveyor of sci-fi hardware for the discriminating enthusiast.
Donnelly : So, what can I interest you in?
Donnelly : A Klingon Bat'leth, perhaps?
Donnelly : A Cylon laser pistol?
UNK: A double-bladed lightsaber?
UNK: You have a double-bladed lightsaber?
Beckett : Actually, we're looking for a Thorian Blaster.
UNK: Oh.
Donnelly : The woman has taste.
UNK: Plasma pistol with a triskelion core.
Donnelly : Accurate down to the last detail.
Castle : Including its ability to kill?
Beckett : - Excuse me? - We're investigating a murder,
Beckett : and we traced the weapon back to you.
Donnelly : I created this for entertainment use only.
Donnelly : I never intended for it to hurt anybody.
Donnelly : Thorian Blasters don't kill. People do.
Donnelly : I can't be responsible once they leave my shop.
Castle : Yes, well, that is an amazing piece of weaponry.
UNK: That I'd never want to fire again.
Donnelly : - Wait? You fired it? - Oh, yeah.
Donnelly : Were you wearing proper protection?
UNK: What?
UNK: No, why? What kind of protection?
Donnelly : You'll be fine.
Beckett : How many of those have you sold?
Donnelly : I only made two that were fully functional.
Donnelly : One in the case here, the other I sold to a collector Wednesday night.
Beckett : Do you have a name?
UNK: Sam, Seth, Simon. Something "S"-y.
UNK: You think you can describe him?
Donnelly : No. He was in costume.
Beckett : Let me guess. Creaver?
UNK: Yeah.
Donnelly : He drove away in a white SUV, if that helps.
Donnelly : I didn't get the numbers, but they were North Carolina plates.
UNK: "First in Flight."
Castle : What kind of protection?
Beckett : So Ryan and Esposito are running down
Beckett : everyone that was issued a purple pass to see if they can ID our Creaver.
Beckett : They should have something by tomorrow morning.
Beckett : I mean, it's just like you said, Castle.
Beckett : That costume allowed our killer to strike unseen.
UNK: And of course he's gonna be a Creaver.
Beckett : I mean, they're the sworn enemies of the Nebula 9 crew.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Do I look different to you?
Beckett : No. Why?
UNK: Just, I feel so tingly.
Castle : Something's wrong.
Castle : I'm beginning to mutate like the Hulk or the Thing.
Castle : Or worse, the Leader. What would happen to my hair?
UNK: I prefer Dr. Manhattan.
Beckett : The blue skin, brings out your blue eyes.
Castle : This isn't funny.
Castle : What if firing that blaster made me infertile?
Beckett : - You want more kids? - Well, I'd like the option.
UNK: No, I think you're gonna be fine, Castle.
Castle : All the same, I should decontaminate.
Castle : Take a Silkwood shower.
Castle : Alexis, what are you doing here?