Winters : Look, I, um...
Winters : I can explain.
UNK: Henry Barnett : It was you?
Winters : No. I have an alibi.
Beckett : Alibis can be bought.
UNK: I didn't kill Anabelle.
Castle : Then why is your hand glowing?
UNK: Because
UNK: when I found out some nerd was making real Thorian Blasters,
UNK: I figured if anybody should have one, it should be me.
Winters : I'm Captain Max.
Winters : So I tracked him down and I bought the last one.
Winters : This is from this morning.
Winters : I shot it in my hotel room.
Winters : There's a hole in the wall. You can check.
Beckett : Stephanie, where are you going?
Stephanie : I was just gonna...
Beckett : Hold it right there!
Stephanie : You heard the man.
Stephanie : This one's deadly.
Stephanie : Nobody moves or I put a hole in his head.
Winters : Am I the only one that finds this situation eerily familiar?
Beckett : Stephanie? Why?
UNK: Do you know how long I have worked to get away from Lieutenant Chloe,
Stephanie : to get away from the stench of this show?
Stephanie : The Fan Experience was bad enough,
UNK: but she was gonna sell the rights and it was gonna start all over again.
Stephanie : The movies, the product lines.
UNK: Lieutenant Chloe bobbleheads!
Stephanie : Do you know how hard I worked to make something of myself?
Stephanie : To become a real actress?
Winters : Oh, come on, Steph! You can't act your way out of a paper bag.
Stephanie : The only solace I have
Stephanie : is this time when I kill you,
UNK: there is not an Andorian Empath to bring you back from the dead.
Winters : I don't think so.
UNK: I've been waiting 10 years to do that, bitch.
Winters : Nobody takes over my ship.
Winters : Oh. It's a lot easier when the stunt guys do it.
Beckett : Do you realize how lucky you are? You could've gotten yourself killed.
Castle : Not even.
UNK: I had it on stun.
Beckett : Stephanie Frye, you're under arrest for the murder of Anabelle Collins.
UNK: Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Castle : May I?
Winters : And may fortune guide your journey.
Castle : Doctor says my hand's gonna stop glowing in a few days.
Beckett : So no mutant powers?
Castle : No, not this time,
UNK: but at least my hair's not falling out.
Castle : What about you? How are you doing?
Beckett : I'm fine. Why?
Castle : Well, it's hard to see your idols fall.
Beckett : Oh, Castle, Stephanie Frye was never my idol.
Stephanie : Lieutenant Chloe was.
Beckett : And as far as I'm concerned, she's still out there
Beckett : fighting evil and saving humanity.
UNK: And no self-centered actor's ever gonna take that from me.
Beckett : And you know what?
Beckett : If they do make a movie, I'm gonna be first in line to see it.
Castle : Ah, such is the power of fantasy.