UNK: - Yell fire or something. - People, this area is highly contagious.
Foreman : Please step back. Highly contagious.
Chase : All right. Try to relax, Mary. This shouldn't take too long.
UNK: I don't see any tears or lesions.
UNK: All right. I'm in the stomach.
UNK: It's not bleeding.
Foreman : There was more than a tablespoon of blood in the mouth, so it's gotta be there.
Foreman : Maybe her small intestine.
UNK: Thirty feet of digestive tract, it could be anywhere in there.
UNK: We're not gonna see it with this.
Chase : Believe it or not, this is a camera.
Chase : You swallow it, and it goes all the way through your system.
Chase : The antennae pick up the signal from the pill.
UNK: Then we look at the video of your intestines,
Chase : see where the blood is coming from, and fix it.
UNK: All right? Water?
Chase : Down the hatch.
House : Think I've seen this movie.
House : The ending's kind of dark.
UNK: You want one?
House : How come you did the endoscopy?
Chase : - He asked for help. - Her blood pressure was high.
House : Foreman is not your boss.
House : When I tell you to do something...
House : Whoa. Hold it there.
House : Back it up a couple of frames.
House : Oh, yeah. That's your money shot.
Foreman : I don't see anything.
UNK: Really? "Ginormous" thing on the right side of her intestine. That doesn't intrigue you?
UNK: Does "ginormous" mean really big, or really, really small?
Foreman : - 'Cause I don't see anything. - There? The Dieulafoy?
Foreman : Well, we can burn off the swollen blood vessel,
Foreman : but it still doesn't account for her other symptoms.
House : No, but it does tell us something.
House : Though I have no idea what.
Foreman : Could be a precursor to intestinal intussusception.
UNK: Precursor isn't causing all her other symptoms. What else?
Cuddy : You, in the lobby now.
UNK: I hurt my leg. I have a note. You had your hour... three, actually.
House : Dr. Chase, I told you to tell us when our time was up.
House : She has intestinal bleeding. She'll wait.
Cuddy : Two more buses just arrived. We need you downstairs.
House : No, you need more nurses, but you cut back on the nursing staff,
UNK: so now you've got doctors doing what nurses should be doing.
Cuddy : That's true.
Cuddy : I wonder if that has anything to do with you costing us $100 million.
UNK: Attention. If you do not have a blue form,
UNK: you will not be allowed to leave the quarantine area.
House : Go. Be free.
UNK: If it's not the intussusception, what about stomach cancer?
Wilson : Does she have any abdominal pain? No.
Wilson : Then it's not stomach cancer. Have you ruled out sepsis?
UNK: The L.P. and blood smears showed no signs of infection. Here. Take these two pills and you can go.
Foreman : Well, the lab's working at double their capacity. Maybe someone screwed up.
House : No fever, no neck pain.
House : Take the elevator to the third floor... Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wrong form.