Vasiliy : Poor Grigory got murdered because he stumbled into it.
Vasiliy : I must break him.
UNK: I'm not telling you squat, comrade.
Vasiliy : Do you hear that, Rick?
UNK: You couldn't get me to talk...
Vasiliy : Even though he lived as an American all these decades,
UNK: still he's Russian in his heart.
Vasiliy : But I will soften him up.
UNK: Like ice cream on hot summer day.
Castle : Whoa! whoa! I can't let you do that.
Vasiliy : Rick, you're a nice guy. I like you.
Vasiliy : So, please, don't make me hurt you, too.
UNK: Please.
Beckett : Please tell me you have a line on Vasily and Castle.
Esposito : - Nothing yet. - Did you ping Castle's phone?
Ryan : It's been deactivated.
UNK: Pain is only way we get truth.
Castle : - There's another way. - No, there's not.
UNK: There's always another way.
UNK: - I wish I had time to humor you... - Sixty seconds!
UNK: Just give me 60 seconds.
Alexis : - Please. - Sixty seconds?
Vasiliy : Fine. Show me what you got.
UNK: Go.
UNK: AII right, obviously, this would go a lot easier
UNK: ifyou would just tell him what he needs to know.
Anatoly : Okay. what he needs to know
Anatoly : that you can both go screw yourselves.
UNK: Really?
Vasiliy : Rick, I hate to be rude, but so far I'm not impressed.
UNK: - Fifty-five seconds. - Okay, okay.
UNK: If Frank is at the center of this conspiracy,
Castle : then he may have some clues on him
Castle : as to where the attack is going to take place.
UNK: - Forty-two seconds... - There's a receipt.
UNK: A receipt for a lamination kit.
Vasiliy : Which means what exactly?
Jurgen : - I have no idea. - Very good.
UNK: Forty-two seconds, 41.
UNK: Okay, okay. AII right, his map history has a search for uniform stores.
UNK: Okay, call history, called the same number three times last week...
UNK: - Twenty-nine seconds. - Thank you.
Vasiliy : This is fun, no?
Castle : It's a caterer.
Castle : Why a catering company? What am I missing?
UNK: More time. Only 24 seconds left.
UNK: Come on, seriously? You're right. Okay.
UNK: Lamination kit. It's, uh...
Castle : You're making fake IDs.
Castle : Making fake IDs to get someone into a catering company.
UNK: Why?
Castle : To slip into an event. But what event?
UNK: Your...
Castle : The party at the Russian Consulate.
Castle : You're making a fake ID to sneak someone into a party
Jurgen : at the Russian Consulate
Castle : dressed as catering staff.
UNK: Right?
Vasiliy : Brilliant! And with time to spare.
UNK: Actually no, the party is about to begin.
Vasiliy : We must hurry!
Castle : I'm gonna call Beckett. Have unis pick Frank up,
Castle : and have her meet us at the Consulate.
Vasiliy : Bye, Frank.
UNK: Guys.
Ryan : They're denying us entry.
Esposito : Because this is considered Russian soil, we can't force our way in.
UNK: Why hasn't the Consul General canceled the party yet?
Vasiliy : How do you say? It's not good for business.
UNK: If Oborin cancel without credible proof,
UNK: he looks weak in the eyes of his adversaries.
Castle : Politics wins over death threats?
Beckett : In Russia, it's better to be killed than lose face.
Beckett : You need to get us in, now.