Jurgen : But I never went in.
UNK: What kind of business? Drugs?
Jurgen : No. He owed me a ticket to a reception at the Russian Consulate.
UNK: It will be wall-to-wall Russian models.
Vasiliy : Yes, Russian women are devastatingly beautiful.
Vasiliy : Tell me, what did you give Grigory in return for the ticket?
Jurgen : A manual on how to hack the computer of a Cherokee automobile.
Vasily : This is a strange request.
Castle : - What did he want with that? - He didn't say. I swear.
Castle : - Who was he meeting in this building? - I have no idea.
Vasiliy : Very well.
Vasiliy : Have a nice day.
UNK: Richard Castle : So, uh...
Jurgen : we're cool, right?
Esposito : How the hell didyou getJurgen to talk?
UNK: Vasily helped him see the value of honesty.
UNK: What can I say? I am people's person.
UNK: Now, why would Grigory want to hack a Cherokee?
Ryan : Well, this might explain that.
Ryan : The lab deciphered those characters
Ryan : from the ink stain they found on Grigory's shirt.
Ryan : It is a case number from a state trooper incident report
Ryan : for the car accident that killed Grigory's mother.
Castle : Let me guess. She was driving a Cherokee.
UNK: Correct.
Vasiliy : So, Grigory doesn't think her death was an accident.
Castle : That might be what got him killed.
Ryan : According to the state trooper's report Anya Mishkin, our victim's mother,
Ryan : died in a single vehicle crash on Highway 9,
Ryan : upstate near Cold Springs.
Esposito : Her car hit a tree and burned sometime after 1 : 00 a.m.
Martha : You know, a fire would cover up any evidence
UNK: of a software hack causing that crash.
Beckett : Yeah. But, Castle, there's no indication in these files that it was murder.
Castle : But clearly, Grigory thought
Castle : someone sabotaged his mother's car in order to kill her.
Vasiliy : And investigating that theory got Grigory killed by the saboteur.
Castle : I couldn't have said it better myself.
Esposito : According to financial records, four days ago,
UNK: Grigory stayed at a bed and breakfast near the crash site.
Esposito : The same one that his mom was staying in when she died.
Beckett : Reach out to that bed and breakfast.
UNK: See ifthey know what Grigory was up to.
Vasiliy : So, it's left to us to talk to Grigory's father,
UNK: see if he harbored similar suspicions.
UNK: Vasily, uh, Castle and I don't work together any longer.
UNK: Yes, the news ofwhich is more than I can bear.
Vasiliy : I may have expressed my disappointment to people you know.