Castle : What is this place?
Vasiliy : Communication office. Top secret. Alpha clearance only.
Esposito : - Cool. - Yes.
UNK: But not so cool ifthey catch you here. You'll be shot.
Vasiliy : It's no joke. we must hurry.
UNK: It is possible that Grigory, even though he did not work here,
Vasiliy : kept a dedicated e-mail account in our private server.
Castle : This'll tell us a little bit more
Castle : about his investigation into his mother's death.
UNK: Yes. And there it is.
Vasiliy : I see urgent e-mails from emily2929
Vasiliy : pleading for him to call her.
Vasiliy : She's scared, states that they're both in trouble.
Castle : The last one was sent the day he died. But who's emily2929?
Beckett : Emily Hopper, do you know why you're here?
Emily : This is about Grigory Mishkin?
UNK: Yeah, what was your relationship with him?
Vasiliy : You're about to lie. Don't do it.
UNK: It will not be good for you.
UNK: I saw him a couple of days ago.
Emily : I'd always had a thing for him, so we hooked up.
Emily : But that's it. whatever this is about, whatever he did,
Emily : I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : And what do you think this is about, exactly?
UNK: Oh, I don't know. Nothing.
Beckett : Emily, Grigory is dead.
Emily : Oh, God.
Beckett : What happened the last time you saw him?
Beckett : Why did you send him e-mails demanding he call you?
UNK: I fell asleep after we, you know...
Emily : when I woke up, I thought I saw him on my laptop.
Emily : He denied it, but after he left,
UNK: I realized that he'd used my work login to access a client's data.
UNK: And what kind ofwork do you do?
Emily : I work with a data storage company.
UNK: We archive files for businesses and some government agencies.
Beckett : Okay, you need to tell me what files Grigory was looking at.
Beckett : Whatever he saw might have gotten him killed.
UNK: Espo.
Beckett : Come here.
Beckett : Close the door.
UNK: Emily Hopper's cloud storage company archives old FBI files.
Beckett : That's what Grigory was after.
Esposito : What kind of FBI files?
Beckett : A 1980s Cold war operation
Beckett : to identify and flip Soviet sleeper agents in the US.
UNK: Sleepers?