Park : I'm sorry about before.
Chase : You're scared, aren't you?
Chase : That's why you wanted companionship.
UNK: It's why you cried out when House shot at Taub.
Chase : What exactly are you scared of?
Chase : A needle stick? Some other nut pulling a scalpel?
Park : I'm scared of everything.
Chase : It sucks that there was a stabbing, but you'll get over it.
Park : Like you have?
Chase : You weren't even there. I know. I...
Park : I left the room, it was pure luck...
Chase : I was in the room. That was pure luck, too.
Chase : I get that you're scared and guilty. You're still a doctor.
Chase : I don't have time to teach you to act like one.
Chase : We removed the artery, found nodules.
House : Could mean lupus.
Chase : Negative ANA. Where are you going?
House : Great thing about assigning Taub fraudulent lab work
House : is you know exactly where he's gonna end up.
House : Great thing about assigning Taub obviously fraudulent lab work
House : is you get to watch his inner paranoiac at work.
Chase : And then,
House : two to the head.
Chase : Can we talk about my patient?
House : Quite a journey.
House : Starts with a surgical tool in your heart,
House : and ends with a surgeon's tool in a nun.
House : What's the plan? The plan's to cure her.
House : If it's not meaningless sex, kinda screams out for an end-game.
House : You're the dog that's chasing the Popemobile. You sure you want...
House : Oh, my God.
House : Taub is interrogating the janitor.
House : He must think that I hired him to attack.
House : Actually, why didn't I do that?
House : Plaques could be confused for nodules.
House : Which would mean... Syphilis?
House : Explains the shoulder and foot involvement.
House : Hope you practiced immaculate contraception.
House : Lock and load.
UNK: Boo-yam
Taub : Boo-yah to you, too.
Moira : But I hadn't had sex in years.
Chase : Tertiary syphilis means you've had
Chase : the disease for at least that long.
Moira : Does that mean you also have it?
Chase : Probably not contagious at this point.
Moira : Can it cause hallucinations?
Chase : It's unlikely. Why?
Moira : While I was on the operating table, it didn't feel like a dream,
Moira : I saw the boy who I was caring for,
Moira : the one who died.
Moira : He walked right up to me.
Chase : What did he say?
Moira : He just held my hand.
Moira : It was like he forgave me.
Moira : Do you think that's crazy?
Chase : I think it should give you solace, help you to move on.