Foreman : You slept with your patient?
Foreman : You're off the case.
Chase : I saved her from brain damage.
Chase : You think my judgment's the least bit compromised?
Foreman : She's still sick. If she dies, we'll be
Foreman : in the middle of a brand new investigation.
Chase : This is about you covering your own ass?
Foreman : I gave you time, leeway,
Foreman : and you decided to do whatever the hell you wanted.
Chase : House can dance all over the rules,
Chase : gets me knifed, and he gets a pass.
Chase : I break a rule, no one gets hurt,
Chase : but you kick me off my own case?
Foreman : Unfortunately, yes.
UNK: I'm sorry. I took that scalpel for you.
Adams : That's why I did this.
Adams : Three weeks ago, you never would have slept with a patient.
Adams : And you never would have operated on her after.
Adams : You need help.
Chase : I need to get away from House and everything that reminds me of him.
Adams : By breaking the rules, not caring what anyone else thinks?
Adams : You're gonna get away from him by turning into him'?
Moira : It hurts.
Adams : Right upper quadrant, pain and distension.
Moira : What's wrong with my stomach?
Adams : Nothing. This is your liver.
Park : The liver failure could be from intraoperative hypotension.
Chase : Checked the anesthesia sheet, pressure was fine throughout.
UNK: Thrombus?
House : That voice in the hall that none of us have any reason
House : to be listening to is, not surprisingly, wrong.
UNK: Abdominal ultrasound was negative.
Adams : Then we have to assume liver failure's
Adams : just another symptom of whatever she's got.
Taub : Trousseau's syndrome could send clots, cause the ischemic foot,
Taub : add the enlarged lymph node, macrocytosis...
UNK: Disseminated T-cell lymphoma.
Chase : Wilson said it wasn't cancer.
House : Wilson says it's not breast cancer.
UNK: Sarcoidosis.
Adams : Normal ACE level.
Chase : Highly insensitive for sarcoid.
Taub : Negative chest X-rays aren't.
UNK: Then we've gotta biopsy.
House : Yeah, Foreman's clearly wrong.
House : You're clearly not grasping at straws,
UNK: because you're clearly not emotionally involved.
House : I know you want to believe this is something
House : we can cure. It's not. I'm sorry.
Moira : How soon will they know if it's cancer?
Chase : Within hours.
UNK: And if ii is?
Chase : There's always chemo.
Moira : You say that like it's not gonna work.
UNK: It could extend your life.
UNK: Years?
Chase : I'll be here as much as you need.
Moira : You still never told me why you left the seminary.
Chase : Mary Knoller.
Chase : Wife of the groundskeeper.
Chase : He caught me with her, got me with a rake.
Chase : Those scars on my ass you may have noticed...
Moira : Why didn't you tell me that before?
Chase : Because it was so shallow.
Chase : I wasn't exactly wrestling with great theological questions.
Moira : I don't believe that.
Moira : You don't sleep with the groundskeeper's wife,
Moira : not unless you're struggling with whether you belong there.
Chase : I always wanted to believe. Would've made my life a lot easier.
Chase : It never took.
UNK: Doesn't
UNK: mean
Moira : it's too late.
Chase : Are you having trouble talking, like before?
Moira : I can get the words out...
Moira : Just feels heavy when I do.
UNK: Where?
Moira : Wherever my chewing muscles are.
Chase : I'll be right back.
Chase : House finally got you?
Taub : He tried, but... I gotta go.
UNK: You should have seen it, it was perfect.