UNK: Although, it's actually a lager.
UNK: What's the difference between beer and lager?
UNK: l don't know.
UNK: We could look it up.
Mike : Things are about to get wild.
UNK: Oh, God, remember the girls' nights we used to have...
Phoebe : ...sitting around talking about you and Ross?
UNK: Oh, God! lt seems like forever ago.
UNK: l know.
UNK: So, what's going on with you and Ross?
UNK: Well, l don't know. l mean, for a long time, nothing.
UNK: But you know, actually, right before you picked me up...
UNK: ...Ross and l had a little thing.
UNK: Oh, my God! l love things! What happened?
Rachel : Well, first he told me he liked how l looked.
UNK: And then we had a little...
Rachel : ...eye contact.
Rachel : Eye contact?
UNK: l hope you were using protection.
Waiter : Excuse me, these are from the two gentlemen at the end of the bar.
UNK: Oh, actually, l can't have another one on account of my breast milk.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey, Rach, maybe there's a less disgusting way to decline a drink.
Phoebe : Should we send them something back? Let's send them mashed potatoes!
UNK: No, wait! Don't do that!
UNK: That'll make them think they can come over.
Phoebe : So, what if they do?
UNK: We're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend. l have a baby and a Ross.
Phoebe : Yeah, but nothing has to happen. We're just having fun.
UNK: You know, not everything has to go as far as eye contact.
Monica : Chandler, you have to tell Joey you're not in Tulsa.
UNK: lsn't it better for him to think you're cheating on me...
Chandler : ...than for him to think l'm cheating on him?
UNK: l heard it.
UNK: l don't want him to think l'm having an affair.
UNK: All right, l've got a plan. l'll go down the fire escape--
Monica : Because all good plans start with, ''l'll go down the fire escape.''
Chandler : Hear me out, woman!
UNK: l'll go down the fire escape and wait.
UNK: Then it'll be like l just got back from Tulsa.
UNK: Joey and l will come in and see that there's no guy in here.
UNK: Aren't you afraid that Joey's gonna figure all this out?
UNK: l heard it.
UNK: -l'm gonna wait. -The scary pigeon's back?
UNK: lt's huge.
UNK: l can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building!
UNK: lda Greene? No sense of personal space...
UNK: ...kind of smells like chicken, looks like a potato.
Bill : -''Spuds'' is your grandmother? -That's my bubbe!
UNK: So we're on our way to a couple of parties.
UNK: Maybe we could get your numbers and call if we find something fun?
UNK: Yeah. l'm sorry, we weren't really looking for anything to happen...
UNK: ...with you guys. l have a boyfriend.
UNK: -All right. -lt's no big deal.
UNK: Just out of curiosity, which one of you was for me?
UNK: -That would've been me. -Nice.
UNK: Different situation, cowboy, and you would've had yourself a handful.