UNK: Oh, and "for the record",
House : you are the worst transplant surgeon in this hospital.
House : But unfortunately, you're the only one who's currently cheating on his wife.
Stacy : You bribed him and then you blackmailed him?
UNK: She'd have been dead in two days if I hadn't made Ayersman do the surgery.
Stacy : Leave the blackmail out of the story you tell the committee.
UNK: I tried to leave it out of the story I told you.
Stacy : And then there was that incident in the parking lot.
Ayersman : - Don't do that! - Hey, what, are you nuts?
UNK: No, please, I didn't do it!
UNK: - I didn't do anything! Please! - No!
House : Apparently, someone sent an anonymous letter to his wife.
UNK: You blackmailed Ayersman, he performed the surgery, and you ratted him out anyway?
House : Doesn't seem fair, does it?
Stacy : You just can't control yourself, can you?
Stacy : No matter how stupid, how self-destructive...
House : To make this conversation easier, can we discard the fiction
House : that we're talking about anything other than what I did to you?
House : You're not mad because I broke into your psychiatrist's office.
Stacy : Yeah, I was thrilled about that.
House : Okay, it was a lousy thing to do.
UNK: But if what I had found
House : was that everything was all kittens and moonbeams in Markville,
House : - you'd be over it. - No, I wouldn't!
House : You're mad at me for letting you know what I did.
House : Because you liked where things were going.
House : And for that, I actually am sorry.
House : It was stupid.
House : Let me tell you a story about a patient.
UNK: A patient we'll call Fusan.
Chase : Because Sam had rushed his tests,
Chase : we were able to get them into surgery that afternoon.
Chase : Dr. Ayersman performed the live-donor transplant.
Chase : He resected the right lobe, hepatic vein,
Chase : and hepatic artery of Sam's liver,
Chase : and transplanted it into Kayla.
Chase : The operation was a success.
Chase : Kayla and Sam continued to receive routine care.
Chase : Two months later, she came by for an exam.
UNK: July 24, be precise. You did the exam?
Chase : Honestly, I just wanted... "Honestly"?
Stacy : So you've been lying up until now?
Chase : Let's make a deal. I won't use the word "honestly",
Chase : and you'll quit stopping by to see House
Chase : so you don't take it out on me afterwards. How about that?
Chase : I wanted to be as far away from Kayla as possible.
UNK: And House was rubbing my nose in it.
Chase : How are the girls?
Kayla : They're great.
Kayla : Dory had her first crush, which was cute.
Sam : Oh, yeah?
Kayla : And then her first sort of breakup,
Kayla : which was not so cute.
Chase : You're hot. 99.3.
UNK: - Have you been coughing? - No.
Chase : - Pain in urinating? - No.
Kayla : 99's not that high, is it?
Chase : Immunosuppressants block fevers, you shouldn't have one at all.
Chase : I'm sending a nurse in here to draw cultures.
Chase : And I'm ordering a chest x-ray.
Chase : I wasn't making any more mistakes.
Stacy : Another phrase to avoid in front of the committee.
UNK: She spiked a fever an hour later.
Foreman : Her AST and ALT are up. She's rejecting the liver.
Chase : No, it's just an infection.
UNK: One of her cultures is growing out strep.
Cameron : Just one? Probably a contaminant.
Chase : She's dehydrated, her hematocrit's way up. It's strep.
UNK: Her transaminases are up, too.
UNK: - That's just stress from the strep. - Jeez, Chase.
House : You and this strep. Get a room already.
Chase : She's not rejecting the liver.
Chase : It's just an infection, she'll be fine.
Chase : Worst case, we could re-list her.
Sam : You House?
House : Well, that depends. Are you gonna hit Dr. House?
Sam : You haven't even seen my sister, and you're being cute with me?
Chase : Sam, we're talking about her right now.
Chase : - Her fever might... - Could be hep B, hep C, right?
UNK: This is treatable. You give her interferon, she's okay, right?
House : You know a lot about hepatitis.
Cameron : He just donated his liver.
House : - You're flushed. You sick? - I'm tired.
House : You're hiding the fact that you're sick.
House : - Now, why would you do that? - Hey, what are you...
House : Now, either you specifically asked
House : for a tattoo of a heart that's been left out in the sun too long,