House : or that is a really bad home job.
House : It's a very common way of getting hep C. Which you have.
UNK: And you've had it a long time.
UNK: It was gonna keep me from giving my liver.
Foreman : You paid off that lab tech to say you were clean?
Sam : It hasn't been active in years, she was gonna die if I didn't.
House : You paid someone off? That is totally unethical!
House : Get an MRI for him and his sister, right now.
Sam : She got hep from me, didn't she?
UNK: No! No, no, no, no. God, no.
House : I think she got cancer from you.
Stacy : House was right?
UNK: The brother had an undiagnosed hepatoma
Chase : that was transplanted with his liver.
UNK: It grew a lot faster in Kayla because she was immunosuppressed.
Stacy : How could House have known?
Chase : Hepatitis can cause liver cancer.
Chase : Plus, her hematocrit, red blood cell count, was high.
Chase : Usually means dehydration. Rare cases, cancer.
UNK: It probably saved Sam's life.
Chase : We were able to operate on him early enough, before it metastasized.
UNK: O2 sats 94.
Chase : Kayla had already started rejecting the liver.
UNK: - No re-listing because of the cancer. - Nothing we could do.
Stacy : This is good.
Stacy : The brother lying about his hep, it's an intervening act.
Stacy : The proximate cause of her cancer, not your mistake.
Chase : She would have died six months ago if he hadn't given up his liver.
Stacy : Maybe. Can't prove it.
Stacy : You need to come with me.
Cuddy : Just been served with papers.
UNK: Actually, paper. One page.
UNK: "Defendants Princeton-Plainsboro Hospital"
Cuddy : and Dr. Robert Chase. Blah, blah, blah.
UNK: "Medical malpractice, negligence. Blah, blah."
House : You're surprised they're suing?
House : You think people love Chase so much they're gonna just forgo...
Cuddy : Punitive damages in the amount of $10 million.
Stacy : Punitives? That means they're alleging gross negligence.
UNK: Their lawyer's obviously out of his mind.
UNK: Larry Ruseckas, he's not crazy.
UNK: Oh, no. I've been sued by him.
Stacy : You have been hiding things and lying to me all day.
House : I haven't lied about anything.
House : Except for the parts that I admitted I was lying about.
House : And I'm not the one being sued. I feel funny.
Stacy : Well, what haven't you told us?
Chase : Before she checked out, Sam found her a second liver.
Cuddy : - She had cancer, how could she... - Black market.
UNK: There's a doctor in Mexico City who was gonna do the surgery.
UNK: She's leaving from JFK at 5 : 00.
Foreman : To meet some Mexican guy in the back of a van
Foreman : with a pig's liver and a hacksaw? This is nuts!
UNK: You wanna rat me out to House?
Chase : He'll say if there's a chance in a billion then go for it.
Cameron : This is not what she wants.
Foreman : She's being manipulated
Foreman : by a morally guilty brother and a legally guiltier doctor.
Chase : - You think she wants to die? - She's dying either way.
UNK: Chase!
Foreman : How many people you know walking around with a black market organ
Foreman : from a Third World surgeon, huh?
UNK: This isn't gonna be your salvation.
Foreman : It's just one more thing they'll pin on you.
Foreman : Go in there, be the good guy.
Chase : We need to talk.
Sam : - No, there's no time. - Two minutes.
UNK: Kayla.
Chase : I made a mistake.
Chase : I wasn't as blunt as I should have been about your odds.
UNK: I probably didn't want to face them myself.
Kayla : Dr. Chase, please don't do this.
UNK: The stress of the travel, the operation and even then the cancer...
Sam : - Kayla, we're going! - My dad died.