UNK: What did House say?
Patient : - Two months like this. - Let me guess, no insurance.
UNK: You've just heard about the free clinic. It's a good move.
UNK: You don't wanna skimp on the essentials like wristwatches, MP3 players.
Stacy : I need to talk to you.
House : - From the doorway? - It's confidential.
House : Cool. I love gossip.
UNK: You hear that crackling sound?
House : Like crumpling up paper?
House : Keep listening, let me know if it changes.
Stacy : Two questions.
Stacy : Why did Chase screw up, and how bad was it?
House : Wow. Talk about efficient, I only need one answer.
House : - Chase didn't screw up. - He said he did.
House : Well, I'm not a lawyer, but that seems like a sucky legal strategy.
Stacy : They're gonna wanna know what you think a reasonable doctor would have done
Stacy : in Chase's position.
House : If I thought he was a reasonable doctor, I wouldn't have hired him.
Stacy : God, you two are a couple of geniuses.
UNK: Deny everything, completely fool the lawyer who's trying to help you.
Stacy : Too bad the review committee members are actually doctors.
UNK: Stacy.
UNK: I'm in the stomach.
Chase : There's too much blood, I can't see.
UNK: - Did she burst an artery? - No.
Chase : There. Bubbling. Just a bad ulcer.
Chase : Okay. Cauterizing.
Chase : - Looks good. - Bleeding ulcer. We got it.
UNK: She was fine two hours ago.
UNK: If by "fine", you mean she had fountains of blood
House : spurting out of every orifice, then yeah, I believe you.
House : I'm guessing those are celebratory bells.
UNK: Systolic BP 70.
House : Show me the ulcer.
Chase : It's brown, I cauterized it.
House : Sweep back. Show me the whole stomach.
UNK: Stop.
UNK: - A second ulcer? - Not anymore. It perforated.
Chase : Get her to an OR!
Foreman : Let's go.
UNK: She was not "fine" two hours ago.
UNK: - Did she mention stomach pain? - Yeah, so I gave her a stronger...
House : - You didn't do an exam. - She just came in for a follow-up.
Chase : The results of the pathergy test...
House : Did you listen to her stomach?
House : Check her vitals?
Chase : Maybe if she'd said something about taking ibuprofen,
Chase : - mentioned the rectal bleeding... - Yeah!
House : Why didn't she go to med school like you did?
House : Diarrhea, blood in the stool, these are routine questions!
UNK: That doctors skip all the time!
UNK: It was a minor mistake, I couldn't have known this was gonna happen...
House : Mistakes are as serious as the results they cause!
House : This woman could die because you were too lazy to ask one simple question!
UNK: No, she might die because I had
Chase : the bad luck to spill your damn Vicodin pills!
House : I responded with a number of trenchant remarks
House : which made Chase cry, none of which I'm gonna testify about.
House : Unless you convince Chase to roll on me.
Patient : Excuse me. Testify about what?
UNK: Chuck.
UNK: I'm gonna break from the parable of the wicked doctor
House : and tell a little story about a patient, let's call him Buck.
UNK: Who has low O2 sats and crackling lung sounds.
Chuck : Like I have.
House : Buck has idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
House : His lung tissue's turning to rock.
House : There's no known cause, no treatment.