House : - He is slowly suffocating. - You're talking about me?
House : Lung transplant's about $500,000,
House : but this poor sucker's got no insurance.
House : If he tried to sign up now, he'd be excluded, preexisting condition.
House : But let me confirm with my lawyer.
House : She confirms.
House : If only Buck hadn't been diagnosed with fibrosis before he got insurance.
House : So, back to the exam.
Stacy : That's how you tell this guy he's dying?
House : Oh, relax. He's got a cold.
House : And soon, health insurance.
Stacy : Such a hero, always righting wrongs.
Stacy : Who cares who you have to manipulate?
Kayla : I'm sorry.
House : I didn't realize you and Buck were so close.
Stacy : - It's a point of principle. - Right.
House : It's got nothing to do with what I did to you.
UNK: Magician Boy On Stage : There's nothing for us to talk about.
House : That's why you're following me.
House : - I read some notes. - If Chase screwed up...
House : I was wrong! I'm terribly, terribly sorry.
Stacy : If Chase screwed up so badly, why didn't you fire him?
House : He has great hair.
Stacy : - What are you hiding? - I'm gay.
House : Oh, that's not what you meant. It does explain a lot, though.
House : No girlfriend, always with Wilson.
House : Obsession with sneakers.
House : Diarrhea, blood in the stool.
Stacy : Two simple questions you could have asked her six months ago
Stacy : and averted this whole thing. You didn't ask either, why?
Chase : Judging from your question and your demeanor,
Chase : I assume you were visiting with House.
UNK: We've been over this. I don't know.
Stacy : Good doctors don't make mistakes like that.
Chase : Good doctors never forget to ask questions?
Chase : Then you've got your answer, apparently, I'm not a good doctor.
Stacy : FYI, self-pity generally is not a good strategy in these hearings.
Chase : What happened after the operation?
Cameron : The kidney damage isn't so bad.
Cameron : The liver damage is more worrisome.
Cameron : There's no dialysis for livers.
UNK: I know. But if she loses a liver, she can get a transplant, right?
Chase : We can put her on a list.
Sam : I could do it.
Sam : I could give her part of my liver.
Cameron : Surgeons won't operate unless the donor's
Cameron : had a long time to weigh the decision.
Sam : There's black markets.
UNK: For organs?
House : That's just...
UNK: Oh, my stomach!
Chase : - The pain constant? - Yeah!
Chase : - Sharp or dull? - I don't know!
UNK: - It's ferric. - It's a little cold.
UNK: - She's got ascites. - No. It's a clot.
UNK: Nurse! Call the OR. We gotta prep her for an embolectomy.
UNK: Run CBC, PT, and a liver panel.
Chase : Sepsis had lowered her BP so much, she got clots in her liver.
Chase : They blocked the hepatic artery, cut off the blood flow.
Chase : Her liver was shocked.
Stacy : And Cuddy listed her? With all the other problems?
Cuddy : Forget it! We can't give a liver to a woman this sick.
House : Do you listen to what you're saying?
Cuddy : There is no point in giving a new liver to somebody who also has vasculitis.
Chase : - Treatable. - And kidney damage.
Chase : - It's healing. - You know what's really killing her?
House : Chase forgot to ask a standard question about stomach pain.
House : So he missed the diagnosis, so she perforated,
House : so she got sepsis, so her BP tanked,
House : so she got blood clots, so she lost her liver.
UNK: Livers are important, Cuddy. You can't live without them, hence the name.
House : Here's the big issue.
House : Chase is a hospital employee, and Kayla is a sympathetic mother
UNK: of those two jury-friendly moppets, Caleb and Cody.
UNK: Dory and Nikki.
Cuddy : Your point, beyond just trying to make Chase wet himself,