Wilson : "I'm so sorry, if only Dr. House had paid attention.
UNK: He never even met her, he never does."
House : Chase loves me. And isn't Turkish.
Wilson : Cameron loves you, Chase loves his job.
House : You really think Stacy hates me that much?
Wilson : I think right now she hates you more than enough.
Wilson : You think emotion only affects doctors' judgments?
UNK: Everything stemmed from that one interaction.
UNK: They're gonna slam you on it.
Stacy : Were you distracted? Your problem. Overworked?
Stacy : That's their problem.
UNK: Forgeftul, yours, lazy...
Chase : I just figured the stomach pain was the Behcet's.
Chase : Any doctor would have thought the same.
Stacy : Then why did you call her an hour after she left the clinic?
UNK: Nurse Preven said you asked her to have Kayla come back in.
Chase : The way she hesitated, I thought she might have had a doorknob question.
Chase : Patient comes in,
UNK: says he's got a sniffly nose, you examine him for 10 minutes, right?
Chase : Then you're leaving, hand on the doorknob,
Chase : and he says, "Oh, yeah, and my penis has turned green".
UNK: Embarrassing question, the only important one, patient saves it for last.
Stacy : So you knew she was about to ask the most important question
Stacy : and you left.
Chase : No, I didn't. I figured it out later.
Stacy : What changed?
UNK: Magician Boy On Stage : - Nothing. - Bad answer.
Chase : - I wasn't thinking clearly at first. - Worse answer.
UNK: So what was her doorknob question?
Chase : I figured it might be blood in her stool,
Chase : which could indicate a bleeding ulcer.
Chase : Talk to me.
UNK: Thirty-five year old female, vomiting massive amounts of blood,
Paramedic : LOC at work, BP 80 over 20, heart rate 140.
UNK: You push fluids?
Paramedic : Three liters in the field, and we're bolusing another one right now.
Paramedic : It's gotta be a bleeding ulcer, Doc.
UNK: Her coworkers said she's been eating ibuprofens like candy.
Foreman : I thought she had Behcet's!
UNK: One, two, three.
UNK: I'm in the stomach.
Chase : There's too much blood, I can't see.
UNK: - Did she burst an artery? - No.
Chase : There. Bubbling. Just a bad ulcer.
UNK: Cauterizing.
UNK: - I can't see, use some more saline. - Hold on.
UNK: Okay.
Chase : Looks good. Bleeding ulcer. We got it.
UNK: She was fine two hours ago.
UNK: Systolic BP 70.
House : Where's the ulcer? It's brown, I cauterized it.
UNK: There must be something else.
UNK: There.
UNK: - A second ulcer? - Not anymore. It perforated.
Chase : Get her to an OR!
Chase : The surgeons were able to suture the perforation.
Chase : But the contents of the patient's,
Chase : Kayla's, stomach had spilled into her body.
Chase : She got septic.
Stacy : Then the infection lowers her blood pressure...
UNK: Fifty over palp at one point.
Chase : It damaged her liver and kidneys.
Chase : Listen, I know this looks bad.
Chase : I obviously got the diagnosis wrong,
Chase : but I did everything by the book.
Chase : I couldn't have known what was gonna happen.
Stacy : If I skip my coffee, I get cranky. Do you want anything?
Stacy : Why did Chase screw up?
UNK: He forgot to ask a question, does there need to be a reason?
Stacy : It might help him.
Cameron : As far as I'm concerned, he made a little mistake. It happens.
Stacy : How far are you concerned?
Cameron : You think I'm biased?
UNK: You're colleagues. You worked together for over a year.
Stacy : And everyone says you slept together.
Cameron : Who says?
Stacy : The correct answer is, "We're not involved and I'm not biased".
Stacy : We're not involved, and I don't know why he messed up.
Cameron : House has worked with him longer than I have.
Cameron : You should talk to House.
UNK: Yeah.
Stacy : Why did Chase screw up?
Foreman : Because he doesn't give a crap about patients.
Stacy : Well, he always gets positive patient reviews.
Foreman : Yeah. He smiles all 84 of his teeth,
Foreman : tells them his tonsil story...
Stacy : - It's a nice story. - He still has his tonsils!
Foreman : As soon as he's out of the room, which is as soon as he can be out of the room,
Foreman : he starts in on the trash talking.
UNK: He thinks not giving a crap makes him like House.
Foreman : Like it's something to aspire to.
UNK: Am I gonna have to testify?
Stacy : I won't be encouraging them to call you.