Kayla : Dr. Chase?
House : Good news is, both your parents are dead now.
House : So no reason to screw up this bad again.
Chase : How'd you know?
House : There's this interconnected network of computers,
UNK: or "Interweb", where you can...
Chase : How did you know to look?
House : When he visited, he told me he only had two months left.
House : When you screwed up, I did the math.
Chase : Why didn't you tell me he was dying?
House : He asked me not to.
Chase : So you just hung me out there to be blindsided?
House : Yeah, Chase, it was all my fault.
UNK: Look, you've got a choice. You can either tell the truth,
UNK: the hospital settles, the family gets some money.
House : They get to keep their house.
House : Or you can keep up this lie.
UNK: The family gets punitive damages,
House : they buy a jet, and they move to Park Avenue,
House : and you have to find another career.
UNK: You're not gonna say anything?
UNK: I'm gonna keep my mouth shut.
House : Legally, it's better for me if you go down in flames.
Stacy : Is Chase telling the committee about his dad?
Cameron : I don't know.
UNK: I thought you were gonna get him to sell me out.
Stacy : - I wouldn't do that. - Why not?
Stacy : You're my client, too.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And that's not gonna change unless you leave this job,
House : or I do.
House : So how do you deal with a coworker that you have feelings for?
House : Positive or negative.
UNK: I don't wanna end up like Chase.
UNK: I don't wanna get emotionally caught up and kill you.
Stacy : It's not all negative.
Stacy : Maybe you were right, maybe...
Stacy : Maybe that is the problem.
House : So what do we do?
Cameron : I don't know.
Wilson : Dr. House?
UNK: Head Doc : After considering the testimonial and documentary evidence,
UNK: this ad-hoc committee in the matter of Kayla McGinley has reached a decision.
Kayla : Dr. Chase,
UNK: Head Doc : your error resulted in a patient's death.
UNK: Head Doc : You also lied, both to your superiors and the patient's brother.
UNK: Head Doc : But, taking into account the mitigating factor of your father's death,
UNK: Head Doc : we've decided not to revoke your privileges.
UNK: Head Doc : You'll receive one week's suspension, and a letter in your permanent file.
UNK: Head Doc : Now, as for Dr. House.
UNK: Head Doc : There is no evidence of a failure to supervise
UNK: Head Doc : that would lead to disciplinary action.
UNK: Head Doc : And yet, there is enough in the record to be very troubled by your conduct,
UNK: Head Doc : including certain allegations of blackmail from members of the transplant team,
UNK: Head Doc : and by your general refusal to meet with your patients.
UNK: Head Doc : It should be noted that your patient's cancer
UNK: was diagnosed as a result of a direct physical examination...
House : Not of the patient. I met the brother, never met her.
UNK: Should I go to a family reunion every time I take on a patient?
UNK: Head Doc : The committee has determined that for no less than one month,
UNK: Head Doc : Dr. House will have his practice supervised by another doctor,
UNK: Head Doc : to be designated by Dr. Cuddy.
UNK: Head Doc : This proceeding is adjourned.
House : Did you know this was coming?
Cuddy : They contacted me about an hour ago.
Cameron : What's happening to Chase?
House : Now you're fired!
Foreman : No. He's not.
Wilson : Dr. House,
Cuddy : meet your new boss.
Wilson : Guess I'm his best friend now.