Rachel : But I'd keep that helmet on, because you're in for a rough ride.
UNK: I don't want to. I'm scared.
UNK: Listen...
UNK: ...I've been thinking.
UNK: It's not fair of me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding.
UNK: I mean, you work really hard for that.
Phoebe : - Well. - Well, you work for that.
UNK: Look, I've thought about it too.
UNK: I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Ross : - You do? - Yeah, I'm putting my foot down.
Chandler : Look, when I proposed, I told you...
Chandler : ...that I would do anything to make you happy.
Chandler : And if having the perfect wedding makes you happy...
UNK: ...then that's what we're gonna do.
UNK: You are so sweet.
Monica : What about the future and stuff?
Chandler : Forget about the future and stuff.
Chandler : So we only have two kids.
UNK: We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
UNK: - Have you thought about that? - Yeah.
Monica : How many kids were we gonna have?
Chandler : Four. A boy, twin girls and another boy.
Monica : What else did you think about?
UNK: Well, stuff like where we'd live, you know.
Chandler : Like a small place outside the city...
Chandler : ...where our kids could learn to ride their bikes.
Chandler : We could have a cat that had a bell on its collar...
Chandler : ...and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door.
UNK: We'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
UNK: You know what?
UNK: I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Chandler : - Sure you do. - No.
UNK: I want everything that you've just said. I want a marriage.
Chandler : You sure?
Chandler : - I love you so much. - I love you.
UNK: When you were talking about our future, you said cat.
Monica : But you meant dog, right?
Chandler : - Yeah, totally. - Oh, good.
UNK: Room temperature okay?
UNK: - Excellent. Is the music too loud? - No.
UNK: Good.
UNK: - What the hell are you doing? - Oh, I'm sorry.
UNK: Were you expecting a traditional massage with the hands?
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Now, just try to relax.