UNK: Chandler, you're doing so well with this whole getting married...
UNK: ...never gonna sleep with anyone for the rest of your life thing. I thinks it's great.
UNK: - Hey. Who wants French toast? - I'll have some.
UNK: Me too. Eggs and milk in the fridge. Thanks.
UNK: - What's the matter? - My hand feels weird.
UNK: I guess it's because I'm engaged!
UNK: - When will that start getting annoying? - Start?
UNK: Let's start the wedding plans.
Monica : - Okay. - Already?
Rachel : We got a lot to do. We gotta think about the flowers, the music...
UNK: - I have thoughts on the music... - Chandler. Too many cooks.
UNK: Take it from me. All you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
UNK: - What in God's name is that? - Oh, my God, the wedding book?
UNK: I haven't seen that since fourth grade.
UNK: This baby has everything. Take, you know, locations, for instance :
Monica : First organized alphabetically, then geographically...
Monica : ...then by square footage.
Phoebe : That is so smart.
Phoebe : Break it off. Break it off now.
UNK: Look, here's the invitation you used to your wedding to John Lynch in the fifth grade.
UNK: Remember how I got sick and Ross had to fill in as a bridesmaid?
UNK: I was a brides-boy.
UNK: I don't smell French toast, brides-boy.
UNK: The One With Rachel's Book
UNK: Phoebe, what are you doing here?
UNK: I need to talk to you. It's urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Ross : Oh, my God. Of course.
Ross : Would you please excuse me for a moment?
UNK: Do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you...?
UNK: What's going on?
UNK: Well, not much. I was just thinking that since they just got engaged...
Phoebe : ...it would be nice if they have privacy.
Phoebe : So could I just move in with you for a couple days?
UNK: Okay, sure. But what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
UNK: Nothing. Why?
Ross : Phoebe, you said it was urgent.
Phoebe : Yeah, it is. My movie starts in, like, five minutes.
Ross : Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
UNK: I haven't cleared the budget with my parents...
UNK: ...but tell me how this is for music :
UNK: A string quartet for the processional, a jazz trio for cocktails...
Monica : ...the Bay City Rollers for dancing...
Monica : Wait, that was for my sixth grade wedding.
UNK: You couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't even play anymore and Derek...
UNK: Derek is a name I shouldn't know.
Joey : Mon, do you have another pillow, something a little snugglier?
UNK: Why are you napping here instead of at your place?
Joey : - The duck. - What... The duck?
Rachel : What the hell did the damn duck do now?
Joey : Well, he did not get sick somewhere in there...
Joey : ...and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up.
Chandler : Do I get to look at this book...
Chandler : ...or is it just for people involved in the wedding?