Martha : Well, of course you will. You just did.
Beckett : No, Martha that's because it was just you and Rick.
Beckett : We weren't in public, in front of strangers.
Martha : Oh, no. Stage fright.
UNK: Well, it's more like song fright.
Beckett : I mean, my heart just starts palpitating,
Beckett : and I start sweating, and my throat just chokes up.
Martha : I know, I know, I know. It's classic, and it's awful.
Martha : And why in the world would Richard sign you up for this?
Beckett : He doesn't know.
Martha : Oh, honey. You have to tell him.
UNK: Oh, I don't wanna let him down. He wants this so badly,
UNK: I wanna give it to him. But I just... I don't know that I can.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I cannot wait to see the looks on their faces
Castle : when they get a load of our routine.
Beckett : Yeah, I can imagine it vividly.
UNK: Oh, trust me, we'll be great.
UNK: If it's gonna be so great, then why don't we up the bet again?
Castle : Well, Esposito, what did you have in mind?
UNK: Sorry, fellows, all bets are off.
Gates : I just heard from 1PP.
Gates : Kimmel rearranged his schedule, and he's back in.
Gates : Oh. So unfortunately we will not be needing your services, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Really? But we rehearsed and everything.
Gates : Out of my hands.
Castle : This isn't over. Well...
Ryan : Hey, guys, we got him. Who?
Ryan : That guy who jacked you for that body in the woods.
Ryan : When CSU went up there, they noticed something in the trees.
Ryan : Cameras triggered by motion sensors to carry out wildlife census.
Ryan : Guess what kind of wildlife we found.
Beckett : Mike Sampson.
Castle : Richie's P.I.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Let me see your hands, now!
Beckett : Where is it, Mike? Where's the body?
Beckett : What's going on? What are you talking about?
Beckett : Search his place. Espo, pop the trunk.
Esposito : Hands on the car.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : It's here.
Beckett : Who's in the bag, Mike?
Castle : What the...
UNK: Sampson's not talking. About Richie or the dummy.
Castle : I don't get it.
Castle : Why would Richie bury a crash test dummy
Castle : in the middle of nowhere?
Castle : And why would Sampson steal it?
Beckett : I don't know, but he probably told us that story
UNK: about Richie dumping a body so that we could lead him straight to it.
UNK: Well, it turns out that dummy is not the only thing that Sampson stole.
Ryan : Unis found Richie's missing client files in his apartment, shredded.
Esposito : This must have something to do with one of Richie's cases.
Ryan : Yeah, but which one?
Beckett : You know, if Sampson won't talk, then maybe the dummy will.
Lanie : You do know I'm a doctor, not a puppeteer.
Beckett : Yes, and as a doctor,
UNK: I was hoping that you could tell us
Beckett : what's so special about this dummy.
Lanie : I'll tell you what's special about it.
Lanie : This dummy has been murdered.
UNK: Murdered?
Lanie : See the holes in its chest?
Castle : They look like little bullet holes.
Lanie : That's basically what they are.
Lanie : As far as I can tell,
Lanie : they were made by small metal pieces
Lanie : projected with significant force.
Beckett : What would explain that?
Lanie : It's hard to say. Lots of people use these dummies.
Lanie : Car companies, the airline industry, the military.
Beckett : So someone could have been testing
Beckett : the effects of an IED or a new firearm.
Castle : I don't think it's a firearm.
Castle : Three holes, three bits of flying metal around the heart.
Castle : Where have we heard that before?
Beckett : Hammer's client. The one Pitbull tried to poach.
Jody : Last thing I remember was that salvage truck hitting the median before me.
Jody : That's when the metal started to fly.
UNK: The paramedic said I was lucky, that I almost died.
UNK: Um, Jody, do you remember this guy?
Jody : Yeah. The Pitbull.
Jody : He wanted to represent me, but I already had a lawyer.
Jody : But then he wouldn't stop asking about the accident,
Jody : like he didn't believe what happened.
Castle : Jody, what kind of car were you driving?
Jody : I'm not sure. It was a rental.
Jody : Why does everyone keep asking that?
Castle : Who's been asking?
Jody : The Pitbull, and the lady who was here yesterday.
Beckett : What lady?
UNK: She said she was from my insurance company.
Jody : When I woke up, she was looking at my chart.
Jody : She asked me about my injuries and wanted to know all about the car.
UNK: Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Castle : The insurance company would have that information