Beckett : And get CSU down here. Prints, fibers, DNA, the whole thing.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : It's me.
Ryan : Do you remember that meeting that Richie said he had in a diner last night?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, the waitress saw the whole thing.
Ryan : Lot more like a fight.
Ryan : Richie got into a shouting match with another guy.
Beckett : You get a description?
UNK: Uh, better than that.
UNK: The waitress knew exactly who he was.
Ryan : I'll send you a picture.
Annie : That's Archie Bronstein. The Savannah Hammer.
Beckett : Is there any reason that Richie and the Hammer would be fighting?
Annie : They were always stealing clients from each other,
Annie : only Richie was better at it.
UNK: It got to where Hammer was so sick of losing business to him,
UNK: that he promised to put an end to it.
Annie : One way or another.
Beckett : Where can we find him?
UNK: Archie Brostein : Call me, friend.
UNK: Archie Brostein : Whatever happened to you
UNK: Archie Brostein : is nothing compared to what I'm gonna do to the other guy.
Beckett : Mr. Archie Bronstein?
Annie : The Savannah Hammer.
UNK: No case too small, no settlement too big.
Archie : Now what can I help you with? Slip-and-fall?
Archie : Work injury? Medical malpractice?
Beckett : We're here about the murder of Richie "The Pitbull."
Archie : Sure, I was at that diner last night.
Beckett : Well, this urgent meeting that the two of you had, what was it about?
Archie : I'd hardly call it a meeting.
UNK: I went in to get some pecan pie and I saw him sitting there.
Castle : So the meeting wasn't planned?
Archie : Well, maybe he was planning on meeting somebody else.
Archie : But when I saw him in that booth,
Archie : he was alone, and we got into it.
Beckett : About what?
Archie : The usual. I caught him here last night
Archie : trying to poach one of my clients.
UNK: Well, we had words here and then again at the diner.
Castle : So Richie was paranoid he was being followed, disappears all day,
Castle : says he's in trouble, then comes here to poach a client?
Beckett : Mr. Bronstein, was there a specific reason