Castle : It's John Legend, All Of Me Cuffed All Of You.
UNK: No. Wait a minute,
Beckett : are you guys talking about the Policemen's Benevolent fundraiser?
Castle : Yeah, the talent competition is on Friday night,
Castle : but he won't tell me what he and Espo are doing.
Beckett : So, how are you guys even gonna top
Beckett : the Dirty Dancing lift scene from last year?
Ryan : Ah. Crime of Our Lives. Classic Espo-Ryan.
UNK: Now rest assured, as two-time champs,
UNK: whatever we do is gonna blow the rest of the field away.
Castle : That's only because not being a cop I'm ineligible.
Castle : But if Beckett and I were competing, you'd be out of a trophy.
Beckett : Oh, yeah. We would so take you down.
UNK: Well, back in reality,
Ryan : our John Doe was found this morning by sanitation workers.
Ryan : No phone, no wallet.
UNK: Cause?
UNK: Blunt-force trauma to the back of the head.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Probably a pipe or a baseball bat.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on lividity,
UNK: I'd say it happened between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m. this morning.
Castle : Any witnesses?
UNK: Javier Esposito : A guy who lives nearby heard screams around 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: He looked out of his window, he saw a car speeding away.
Beckett : He get a make and model?
Esposito : Just tail lights. But he said it looked like a sports car.
UNK: Ryan and I are gonna keep looking for witnesses and street cam footage,
Esposito : but it's an industrial area, so coverage is spotty.
Beckett : Wait a minute. I think I know this guy.
Beckett : He's the personal injury attorney on TV who has the late-night ads.
Lanie : Oh, my God. You're right! That's, uh...
Ryan : The Pitbull.
Ryan : The Pitbull?
UNK: Yeah. Richie "The Pitbull" Falco.
UNK: Come on, man, you've seen the ads.
Castle : A guy's head on a dog's body.
UNK: "You been in an accident? Take the law by the tail."
UNK: "And get a bite at the settlement you deserve!"
UNK: "I'll make the law
UNK: "your bitch." "Your bitch!"
Ryan : Why am I the only one who's never seen this commercial?
Esposito : Because it comes on late at night.
Esposito : And when you're not moonlighting,
UNK: your honeymilk-sipping ass is in bed by 10 : 00.
Castle : Why would anyone wanna kill the Pitbull?
Beckett : Maybe CSU will get lucky and find the murder weapon.
Beckett : Meanwhile let's get the body to the morgue and see what it can tell us.
Beckett : Castle, you and I should go to Pitbull's office,
Beckett : see what we can find there.
UNK: Been in an accident?