Castle : I work with what you give me.
UNK: I'm gonna take you down.
Castle : With what, your crutches?
Beckett : Can we get back to the dead guy?
UNK: You said that you found someone
Beckett : who could tell us why Richie missed work yesterday.
Esposito : Yes. I pulled his phone and financials.
Esposito : There were no charges on his credit card yesterday,
Esposito : but he made a call.
UNK: The only call he made from his cell all day.
Beckett : To whom?
Esposito : Someone he hasn't called in years.
Esposito : His ex-wife, Elise Resner.
UNK: Elise Resner : He said he was in trouble and needed my help.
UNK: Oh. What kind of trouble exactly?
UNK: Detective, you have to understand,
Elise : I hadn't spoken to him in years.
Elise : And then he just calls out of the blue.
Beckett : You never asked.
UNK: I didn't wanna know.
Elise : After everything that happened between us,
Elise : I knew I couldn't get involved again.
Beckett : What happened between the two of you?
Elise : We were at the same corporate firm. It's how we met.
Beckett : Corporate law? How did he end up a personal injury attorney?
Elise : He was a superstar.
Elise : Harvard Law Review, partner track.
Elise : But the pressure got to be too much for him.
Elise : About five years back, he self-destructed.
Elise : Drinking, drugs, losing all of his cases, uh, his job.
Elise : And then finally me.
Esposito : Hey, Beckett, we got a situation.
Annie : I came back from lunch to find the door half open.
Annie : The lock was broken and, well, you can see the rest.
Esposito : Any idea what they were looking for?
Annie : I'm still sorting through the mess,
Annie : but Richie's computer is gone.
Annie : And there's something else. All of his case files are missing.
Castle : Why would anyone want Richie's files?
Esposito : This must have something to do with one of his cases.
Esposito : A client, maybe a witness,
Esposito : someone or something that he was looking into,
Esposito : something he was hiding even from you.
Beckett : Okay, let's canvass the building.
Beckett : See if anyone else saw something.