Esposito : Which means he must have used this bag within the last two days.
Ryan : Yeah, but for what?
Ryan : Well, I just got off with CSU.
Ryan : That rag tested positive for chloroform.
UNK: So he must've used it to knock someone out.
Castle : Not very lawyerly of Mr. Pitbull.
UNK: So wire-cutters,
UNK: alarm schematics, night-vision goggles and glow-sticks.
UNK: He was breaking in somewhere. But where?
Beckett : All right, I'll check the blotters
UNK: to see if there were any B and E's in the past two days,
Esposito : see if I can link any of them to Richie's cases.
Beckett : Yeah, and look into missing persons reports.
Beckett : We still can't rule out an abduction.
UNK: Yeah. Hmm.
Esposito : Check this out.
Beckett : Cities and dates.
UNK: "January 3rd, 2009, Seattle.
UNK: "March 18th, 2011, Tulsa..."
Castle : Six of them, all within the last five years. What do you think that means?
UNK: Have Tory run these through the database,
Beckett : see if she can find anything.
Beckett : And let's see if she can trace where Richie was
Beckett : when he made that phone call to his ex.
Esposito : You think any of this is connected to that girl in the hospital?
Beckett : No, that was a straight-up car accident,
Beckett : nothing that speaks to any of this.
Beckett : But someone out there has to know what Richie was up to.
Ryan : Well, maybe we should ask Mr. Sampson.
Beckett : Who's Mr. Sampson?
Ryan : I don't know, but these are his night vision goggles.
UNK: Mike Sampson : Yeah, they're mine.
Beckett : How did you know the victim, Mr. Sampson?
Sampson : Uh, I did work for Richie here and there.
Sampson : Surveillance, information gathering, the usual P.I. stuff.
UNK: He came to me a couple of days ago asking to borrow them.
Beckett : Did he say what he needed them for?
Sampson : Sometimes he would slip me some extra cash not to ask questions.
Castle : Anything else you helped him with?
Sampson : Yeah, he had some questions about alarm schematics.
UNK: Uh, like...
Beckett : Like these?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : What about chloroform, Mr. Sampson? Did you give him that, too?
Sampson : No. He had chloroform?
Beckett : Yeah, why, what's wrong?
Sampson : When I gave him the goggles,
Sampson : I asked if there was anything else he needed.
Sampson : He said something.
Sampson : I thought he was joking.
Castle : What did he say?
UNK: He asked me, "What's the best way to get rid of a body?"
Sampson : Get rid of a body?
Beckett : I'm starting to think that our lawyer
Beckett : for the little guy did abduct someone.
UNK: Yeah, and apparently killed them.
Beckett : Maybe that's what he meant by settling a debt.
Castle : But what was the debt, whom did he kill,
Castle : and how did it cost him his life?
Beckett : We need to check where Ryan and Espo are with that missing persons list.
Beckett : If we can find a connection between Richie and one of the people on the list,
Beckett : that should give us some answers.
Beckett : Where are Ryan and Espo, anyway?
Gates : I think I saw them go into interrogation.
Castle : Who are they interrogating?
Beckett : Hey, is there another suspect that we don't know about? What's going on?
UNK: Officer Tolliver : I'm not supposed to say. Or let anyone in.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey!
Castle : What are they doing?
Beckett : Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
Castle : Sprained, my ass. His knee is fine!
Castle : Daft Punk's Get Lucky?
UNK: I'll bet they're changing the lyrics
UNK: to "You're Guilty." Ooh. That's good.
Beckett : Castle, he lied to us
Beckett : just so he could sucker you into a bet, which you fell for!
UNK: He's gonna regret this. Now we have to win.
Castle : With what? Our shower routine?
UNK: Tory Ellis : Hey, guys. Got a sec? I think I've got something.
Tory : I haven't had any luck connecting that list of dates and cities you gave me,
Tory : but when I traced Richie's call to his ex yesterday
Tory : I did find something interesting.
Tory : Turns out it pinged off a cell tower near Croton-on-Hudson.
UNK: It's an hour north of the city.
Castle : What was Richie doing up there?
Ryan : I don't know. But by triangulating
Tory : the signal off of other nearby cell towers
Tory : I was able to dial in a more precise location.
Beckett : Montrose State Forest?
Tory : To be exact, the call came from this parking lot,
UNK: right at a trail head into this large wooded area.
UNK: An out-of-the-way forest, well north of the city.
Castle : Now, is it just me or does that sound like...
Beckett : The perfect place to get rid of a body.
Beckett : You know this is a long shot, right?
Castle : If Richie parked in the lot like Tory said,
Castle : then he would have come down this trail right here.
Castle : And given how unwieldy it is to carry a dead body...
Castle : That's research, not experience.
Castle : Now, then he wouldn't have gone very far before burying it.
Castle : Which means we just have to look for freshly disturbed dirt
UNK: in this, you know, general area.
UNK: Like right here.
UNK: Yeah, like I said, long shot.
Beckett : Just like our chances at winning that competition.
Castle : Oh, don't think like that.
UNK: Come on, I need my partner to have a positive attitude.
Beckett : Well, then maybe you should have checked with your partner
Beckett : before signing her up for this.
Castle : Oh, what's the big deal? It'll be fun.
Beckett : Castle, did you see those knuckleheads?
UNK: I mean, what if I wanna be a captain one day of my own precinct?
UNK: I kind of need people to take me seriously.
Castle : Oh, they do, trust me.
Beckett : And I'd like to keep it that way. Which won't be possible
Beckett : if I'm acting like an idiot in front of the entire police force.
Castle : Okay, how about this?
Castle : We do something simple, dignified, elegant. Something like...
Castle : A patch of Tussilago!
Beckett : I don't know that one.
Castle : No, no, remember Lanie said
UNK: that there was yellow pollen on Richie's pants from a Tussilago flower?
Castle : Check out this little yellow patch right here, about ankle high.
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Richie did bury someone out here.
Castle : Look, about the routine, I know you're worried, but...
Beckett : It's okay, Castle. It doesn't matter what we do.
UNK: Hey, that's the spirit!
UNK: It's gonna be a disaster.
Castle : That's not the spirit.
UNK: I'm probably gonna trip, my dress is gonna split.
UNK: Video's gonna go viral.
Castle : Okay, now you're just sounding paranoid.
Castle : Where is this coming from?
Beckett : I'm just saying, Castle, it could happen.
Beckett : I mean, there's a reason why
UNK: Captain Gates doesn't get up on the stage and have fun.
Castle : I just always assumed it was because she was genetically incapable of it.
UNK: Hey, you want me to cancel?
Richie : No, no.
Beckett : That would just make me lose face in another way.
Beckett : I just hit something.
Castle : That's a body bag.
UNK: Put the bag down and step away from the body.
Castle : I think we may just have dug our own graves.