Annie : He thought the law was there to protect everyone
Annie : and not just corporations who could afford it.
Annie : And his clients, they loved him for it.
Castle : And his adversaries?
Annie : Sure, people he sued got pissed sometimes.
Annie : I mean, he won some big settlements.
Annie : But nothing I can imagine anyone killing for.
UNK: Miss Klein, I need a list of all of his active cases,
Beckett : along with anyone that he's won a judgment against
UNK: over the last few years.
Annie : Of course.
Beckett : So I understand that Mr. Falco lived in Brooklyn.
Annie : Yeah. Park Slope.
Beckett : You know, his body was found in Hamilton Heights.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what he was doing up there last night?
Annie : Saint Simon's is up there.
Castle : The hospital? Yeah.
UNK: Sometimes he would do the rounds at emergency rooms
Annie : to see if anyone needed his services.
Esposito : Got your text. You have something for us?
UNK: Yeah. I know what your victim was doing before he died.
UNK: What? Uh-uh.
Lanie : You first.
UNK: Oh. I get it. She wants us to tell her about our routine.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : You know that we cannot be giving that away, girl.
UNK: You are gonna have to buy a ticket, just like everyone else.
Esposito : Now, what've you got?
Lanie : Fine. Pitbull spent some time in the countryside.
Lanie : You see this sticky yellow powder
Lanie : on Richie's pant leg, about ankle high?
Lanie : Pollen from the Tussilago flower, also known as coltsfoot.
Lanie : It's not found in the city so it didn't happen here.
Lanie : But there's something else,
Lanie : something a lot less fun than frolicking in the flowers.
Esposito : Those are Taser marks.
Beckett : He was tortured?
Esposito : Yeah, Lanie says the injuries he sustained
Esposito : were within an hour of his death.
Castle : So either the killer wanted something from him,
Castle : something Pitbull didn't wanna give up...
Beckett : Or the killer wanted him to suffer.
Esposito : This might have something to do with one of his old cases.
Beckett : Yeah, but nothing jumped out from his client list.
Beckett : It's all slip-and-falls, workman's comp, insurance claims,
Beckett : nothing that would explain torture
Beckett : or a trip outside of the city.
Beckett : So where did he go?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Mr. Castle, a word?
Annie : Of course.
Gates : As you know, the PBA talent competition is this Friday.
Gates : And every year we line up a celebrity to perform.
Esposito : Yeah, to help boost ticket sales.
Esposito : Isn't Kimmel doing it this year?
Gates : He was supposed to,
UNK: but due to a last-second conflict, he just dropped out...
UNK: What?
Gates : ...and I've been told we need a replacement celebrity.
Gates : I've been asked to ask you.
Castle : You want me to perform?
Gates : It would earn us both some much needed goodwill down at 1PP.
Esposito : But what about ticket sales?
Castle : Beckett and I would be happy to.
Beckett : Wait, what?
Castle : On one condition.
UNK: Even though I'm not a cop, we compete for the trophy.
UNK: Done.
Esposito : Oh, Castle. You really don't think
Esposito : you have a shot at winning that trophy.
Castle : Oh, I think I have more than just a shot.
UNK: Castle.
Esposito : You do understand that me and Ryan have been rehearsing for months.
Castle : Well, what Beckett and I have cannot be rehearsed.
Castle : It's chemistry.
UNK: The intuitive bond, each person knowing what the other is thinking.
Beckett : Castle, can we talk for a second over there?
UNK: I knew she was gonna say that.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Don't you think you should have asked me before signing me up for this?
Castle : I thought you were on board.
UNK: Uh, you were trash-talking Ryan about it before.
UNK: Yeah, that's when I thought
UNK: that there was no chance in hell that we would actually do it.
Castle : Oh, relax. We'll just do our routine.
Beckett : We don't have a routine.
Castle : Come on! That thing in the shower? That is delightful.
Beckett : No, that's not a routine.
Beckett : That's two naked people singing when there's no one around to see or hear it.
UNK: So we'll add some dance steps and clothes. It's can't-miss.
Ryan : Uh, guys?
UNK: Give 'em a second, bro. They're rehearsing their chemistry.
Beckett : Ryan, you got something?
Ryan : Yeah. Turns out that Richie was at Saint Simon's last night,
Ryan : and he was not alone.
Ryan : All right, so here is the parking lot behind Saint Simon's.
Ryan : There's Richie.
Ryan : Now watch this.
Esposito : It's a sports car. Like the one seen fleeing the crime scene.
UNK: Yeah, and apparently the driver
Ryan : had some kind of beef with Pitbull.
Ryan : He shoves him in the car and drives off.
Beckett : Can we make out the plate?
Ryan : Yeah, already ran it. It is registered to this guy,
Ryan : Derek Bolt.
UNK: Derek "Lightning" Bolt? The ex-NFL running back?
Castle : What's a former MVP doing with our ambulance-chasing Pitbull?
Ryan : Nothing good. Check out the time-stamp.
UNK: 11 : 00 p.m. Just hours before Richie was killed.
Beckett : Leaving enough time for him to be tortured first.
Esposito : There he is.
Ryan : Derek Bolt?
Esposito : We'd like a word.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Aw, man! Get off me, man!
UNK: Guess what, Bolt? You just got benched.
UNK: Finally.
UNK: Is someone gonna explain to me what I'm doing in here?
Ryan : So I guess you running away from us was,
Ryan : what, exercise, Derek?
UNK: Hey, I didn't know you were cops.
UNK: Look, I got some financial troubles, all right?
UNK: And you two looked like collection agents,
UNK: so my instincts kicked in.
UNK: You can take Lightning out of the NFL,
UNK: but you can't take the NFL out of Lightning, you know?
Beckett : We know all about your financial troubles, Derek.
Ryan : Yeah, we were just reading
Ryan : how you got hit with a lawsuit last year
Ryan : after you busted up some guy outside of a club.
Derek : Hell, yeah. He dented the Bolt-mobile.
Derek : Look, I lost my head, all right?
Derek : But I've left him alone since.
Derek : Lightning don't strike twice.
Beckett : Except you weren't so forgiving
Beckett : of his lawyer, were you?
Derek : Pitbull? What's he got to do with any of this?
Beckett : He won a big settlement against you last year
Beckett : and sent you into bankruptcy.
UNK: So?
Ryan : So, Pitbull's dead, Derek.
UNK: What? And the last time he was seen,
Beckett : he was being shoved into your Bolt-mobile at 11 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Hey, hey, that ain't what it looks like.
Beckett : Really? Because right now it looks like revenge.
Derek : Whoa! Whoa, whoa! I did not kill Pitbull, all right?
UNK: Look, dawg did such a good job against me in court,
Derek : I wanted him on my team.
Derek : So I went and hired his ass.
Beckett : Richie was working for you?
Beckett : Well, then why weren't you on his client list?
Derek : It's a paternity thing, all right?
Derek : My old lady's just about had it with me,
Derek : so he was handling this off the books.
UNK: Okay, but none of that explains
UNK: your little joy ride last night.
Derek : Me and Richie
Derek : were supposed to meet up with my baby momma
Derek : and her lawyer yesterday afternoon.
Derek : Only Richie never showed up.
Derek : And it made me look bad.
Derek : So I invited him into my car for a little conversation.
Derek : He said he was sorry, and that some urgent business matter came up.
Beckett : What kind of business?
Derek : Something about settling a debt.
Derek : He told me he'd handle my thing,
Derek : but he wanted me to take him to some diner for a late-night meet.
Derek : Said someone's life depended on it.
Derek : Guess maybe it was his.
Ryan : So the manager at the 24-hour gym confirms
Ryan : that Derek was working out there
Ryan : during Richie's time-of-death window.
Ryan : So he's not our killer.
Castle : Which means Derek might have been telling the truth
Castle : about dropping Richie off at that diner.
Ryan : Yeah. I'll head over there,
Ryan : see if the wait staff remembers
Ryan : Richie talking with anyone last night.
Beckett : It still doesn't explain where he was during the day,
Beckett : why he missed work
Beckett : or blew off that client meeting.
Esposito : I may know someone we can ask.
Beckett : Espo, what happened?
Esposito : I twisted my knee when I was tackling Lightning.
UNK: Are you gonna be okay?
Esposito : Yeah, I'll be fine. I just, uh...
Esposito : I just tweaked it. It's probably a sprain.
Castle : That's too bad. I was looking forward
Castle : to beating you in the talent competition.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : You think this is gonna take me out?
Castle : Yes. Yes, I do.
Esposito : No. It's still on.
UNK: I mean, how? Espo, you can barely walk.
Esposito : Yeah, and even on one leg,
UNK: Ryan and I are still gonna whip your sorry asses.
Esposito : In fact, how about a wager?
UNK: Um, uh, partner, you know maybe we should discuss...
UNK: Uh-uh.
Esposito : If we win, then you will dedicate
Esposito : your next book to "Esposito and Ryan.
UNK: "Two guys who are funnier, handsomer
UNK: "and better than me in every way."
Castle : Oh, you're serious?
Castle : And if Beckett and I win?
Esposito : Well, then Ryan and I will call you "King Castle" for a month.
UNK: Hey, Javi. I mean, it's...
Esposito : What do you say?
UNK: Yeah, you know what? I think Ryan's right.
Beckett : I mean, we don't need to make a bet out of this.
Esposito : Why? Because you're chicken?
Beckett : No, because I am a grown-up.
Esposito : Yeah. A grown-up chicken.
Castle : I will also accept "Your Royal Highness."
Castle : You're on, gimpy!
Esposito : Ooh. That's clever.