Castle : from the accident report.
Beckett : Yeah, do you think you could describe her to a sketch artist?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay, and, um, one more thing.
UNK: What was the name of the car rental company?
Esposito : According to the rental firm, Jody was driving a Modesto sedan.
Esposito : Now, I couldn't find any safety recalls to explain her injuries,
Esposito : but on a hunch,
Esposito : I checked the cities and dates on that slip of paper that we found.
Esposito : Turns out that each one corresponded to a Modesto car accident
Esposito : where the driver suffered puncture wounds to the chest.
Beckett : Just like Jody Evans and that crash test dummy.
Esposito : Yeah, but in each case,
Esposito : the wounds were attributed to something outside the vehicle.
Esposito : Road debris, even gunshots.
UNK: Given the velocity of the shrapnel,
Beckett : this must be related to a defect in the airbags.
Castle : And judging by the holes in that dummy,
Castle : Modesto was aware of that defect,
Castle : and chose to sweep it under the rug.
Annie : Richie was on to a cover-up.
Esposito : Yeah, one that he might have been a part of.
UNK: I looked into that big-time law firm where Richie used to work
Esposito : five years ago before he became the Pitbull.
Esposito : Guess who their biggest client was?
Beckett : Modesto Motors.
Esposito : Yeah, and Richie handled their account.
Castle : You know, about five years ago,
Castle : Modesto was nearly bankrupt.
Beckett : So rather than spend millions of dollars to fix the problem,
Beckett : they decided that the cost of recall
Beckett : outweighed the potential cost to human life.
Esposito : Looks like Richie's conscience couldn't take it.
Esposito : That problem he had with drinking and drugs?
Esposito : Started just a few months after that first accident.
UNK: That debt Richie told Derek he was settling?
Castle : It was a karmic one.
Beckett : He wanted to make it right, expose the cover-up.
Castle : He needed to prove that Modesto knew about the defect
Castle : even before people started dying.
Castle : That crash test dummy, that was his smoking gun.
Esposito : Which explains the break-in equipment.
Esposito : He needed it to steal the dummy from Modesto.
Beckett : No wonder Richie was paranoid and buried that dummy in the woods.
Beckett : Guys, if the truth about the defect came out,
Beckett : then Modesto would be liable
Beckett : for hundreds of millions of dollars in damages.
Castle : He knew they'd stop at nothing to get it back.
Beckett : Okay, this is a hell of a theory, but with Richie dead,
Beckett : the files all destroyed,
Beckett : and with absolutely no connection between the dummy and Modesto,
Beckett : it's just that. It's a theory.
UNK: Oh, it's more than a theory.
UNK: We just got that sketch back from Jody
Ryan : of the woman who visited her claiming to be from an insurance company.
Ryan : Look familiar?
Esposito : Richie's ex?
Esposito : What the hell does she have to do with any of this?
Ryan : She was recently poached from the law firm
Ryan : that she and Richie worked at.
UNK: She's now lead counsel for Modesto.
Castle : Richie was a threat.
Castle : He knew where the bodies were buried.
Castle : So his ex-wife decided to add him to the pile.
Elise : I'm not sure why I'm here. I've told you everything I know.
Beckett : No. Not everything.
UNK: You didn't tell us that you were lead counsel for Modesto Motors,
Beckett : and you didn't tell us about the airbags.
UNK: You know, those airbags with a habit of putting holes in people.
Beckett : Like Jody Evans.
Castle : Excuse me?
UNK: Miss Resner, why did Richie really call you the other day?
UNK: Was it to give you a little heads-up, you know, for old time's sake?
Castle : Because that defect he helped cover up back then,
Castle : you were in on that, too.
Beckett : He was going public with it and he didn't want you to be blindsided.
Castle : But you couldn't let that happen.
Castle : Not to Modesto and certainly not to you.
Castle : So you had him silenced.
Elise : You think I killed my ex-husband?
Elise : Detective, I had nothing to do with Richie's death.
Elise : And by the way, there is no defect or cover-up.
Castle : Richie knew otherwise.