UNK: Sixteen-year-old with respiratory arrest.
House : The only thing I hate more than a thief is a crippled thief.
Foreman : Yeah, me, too. No sign of trauma, no history
Foreman : of asthma or... Who the hell is J. Whitner?
UNK: No idea. Stevie Lipa's EKG and echocardiogram were normal, but...
House : Normal is good. Send him home.
House : J. Whitner, doctor. Who is he, and where do I find him?
UNK: She's the new researcher, works with Ereshevsky.
Chase : Is she hot? She's in a wheelchair.
Chase : Doesn't mean she's not hot.
House : Just means she can't bend over,
House : so Cuddy has to bend over backwards.
UNK: Sixteen-year-old kid. ER workup revealed a bloody pleural effusion.
House : That's odd.
Foreman : Yeah, that occurred to me.
House : What took you so long to mention it?
Foreman : No tumors or pneumonia on the CT.
Chase : He passed out while making out.
Chase : If he's into sex, drugs and rock and roll can't be that far behind.
Chase : I'm guessing cocaine.
Foreman : Tox screen was clean.
Cameron : Just means he wasn't on drugs, not that he hasn't been using drugs.
House : Looks like a plumbing problem to me. Leaky pipes.
Foreman : If he popped an aneurysm, he'd be in the morgue, not the ER.
UNK: That's why you're gonna do a venogram instead of an arteriogram.
Leah : This is not a high-pressure burst. It's a low-pressure leak.
UNK: Still could've been drugs that caused the pipes to corrode in the first place.
House : So go look under his mattress.
House : See if he's got any pills or powder stashed with the hand lotion.
House : Sweet ride. I asked for the one with the sissy bar and the banana seat,
House : but Santa gave me this instead. Guess that's what I get for being naughty.
Whitner : You must be Dr. House.
UNK: Yeah.
House : So looks like there's been some sort of mix-up at the parking office.
Whitner : They had to move me closer to the door.
House : Had to? You don't look like the type to pull a weapon.
UNK: Wheelchair. Cane.
House : I think you should do the honorable thing and let me have my space back.
Whitner : Oh, well, since you asked so nicely, wheelchair.
UNK: Cane. Walking long distances makes my leg hurt.
Whitner : And it's easy for me?
UNK: Of course not. Pushing that little lever?
UNK: The muscles must burn. I'm sure the last 10 yards are pure torture.
Whitner : Crossing the parking lot is dangerous. Cars can't see me.
House : You ever hit a patch of black ice with a cane?
Whitner : No, gosh, on account of the fact that I can't walk.
Whitner : Maybe you should ask the parking office for some crampons.
House : This is about who can most easily cross the parking lot. You're the winner.
Whitner : Oh, and the prize is apparently a parking space.
Foreman : There's still no answer at either one of your parent's cell numbers.
Foreman : Is there any other way we might be able to contact them?
UNK: No, they're in a conference.
Stevie : They probably had to turn them off or something.
Leah : What does it matter where they are? I mean, he's in pain.
Leah : You gotta do something.
Foreman : We need them to sign this.
Leah : Why can't he just sign the papers? He's 16.
Foreman : Still not an adult.
Leah : Then call my parents. They know him, and they'll take responsibility,
Leah : do whatever you need. I can't. It won't...
Leah : You can't just let him sit here in agony until his parents finally decide...
Stevie : Leah, it's okay.
Leah : No, it's not.
Stevie : I feel like there's an anvil sitting on my chest.
UNK: MONITOR BEEPING
UNK: You win. I'm doing the venogram now. We'll deal with the fallout later.
UNK: COUGHING
Stevie : My fingers feel wet.
Foreman : That's just the dye. Your nerves can't tell the difference
Foreman : between the cold inside your body and the wet outside your body.
Stevie : The nerves can't tell the difference, or the brain can't interpret the difference?
Foreman : A little of both. You like science?
House : Looks like a diffusion pattern.
Foreman : That's because it's the venous side. Low pressure.