UNK: You couldn't last one week in a wheelchair.
House : Wanna bet?
Cameron : What's wrong with you?
House : Nothing that a week off my feet won't solve.
Foreman : Venogram's negative. No leak.
House : You mean you couldn't find the leak.
Cameron : Is your leg worse?
House : No, my parking spot is.
House : Blood is only made inside the circulatory system,
UNK: which means when we find it outside... There's no leak.
Foreman : I even checked lymphatics. So you're gonna spend a week
Cameron : in a wheelchair just to get a parking space closer to the front door?
House : Easier than chopping off my legs.
Foreman : We've ruled out toxins and drugs.
Chase : Kind of. He's Romany. Apparently, they feel the need to keep secrets,
Chase : so it's hard to know anything for sure.
House : Yeah, he's also a human being,
House : which means you shouldn't be trusting him to begin with.
House : Stop relying on his answers and find some on your own.
UNK: It's a deep-vein thrombosis.
Foreman : The kid spent 16 hours in the back seat of an old pick-up.
Foreman : Causes a clot, makes its way to his lungs.
Foreman : We should do an arteriogram, find the clot, bust it with TPA.
UNK: Or we can find the leak.
Foreman : There's no leak.
House : Hey, you can't yell at a guy in a wheelchair.
House : This is a slow leak. You've got to speed it up.
House : Thin his blood. Redo the venogram.
Cameron : That could cause a massive bleed.
UNK: Excellent. Massive will be even easier to find.
House : Pardon me. I guess you guys are gonna have to get the next one.
Stevie : I thought you were redoing the venogram.
Foreman : As soon as we're done with the arteriogram.
UNK: Okay, you're gonna feel a little poke.
Stevie : Can you maybe do that?
UNK: Don't worry. It's just your leg. I don't have to go any further than this.
Foreman : Take a look at this, bones of your forearm.
Stevie : Radius and ulna.
Foreman : How about the wrist?
Stevie : Lunate, hamate, the...
UNK: "Scared lovers try positions they can't handle."
Cameron : It's a mnemonic for the wrist bones. It's the only way I can remember them.
UNK: GROANING
FOREMAN : You okay?
Stevie : My stomach. Did you hit something?
UNK: I barely started. Lie flat.
Stevie : No, I can't. It hurts too much. I'm getting out.
UNK: It's our only chance to see what's going on.
Cameron : If he moves, I could shred his artery.
Stevie : Get it out now!
UNK: It's gonna be okay, Stevie. Just inject the dye.
Cameron : Dye's going into his liver, but it's not coming out.
Foreman : Clot's gotta be constricting the flow in the hepatic vein.
Cameron : It's not constricting it. It's completely blocking it. His whole liver's fried.
Foreman : The kid's liver's failing because of a massive clot
UNK: that's blocking his hepatic vein. How can he have both a bleed and a clot?
House : It's not a clot. You must have blocked the vein
House : with a catheter wire. Not a chance.
Chase : Increased pressure downstream could also stop the blood.
Foreman : There's no heart failure or cirrhosis. Means it has to be a clot.
House : Massive clots block veins. They don't make them leak.
UNK: And since he clearly has some kind of...
Cuddy : You having a little problem?
House : Would you mind?
House : Boy, that was humiliating. How does Whitner make it through the day?
UNK: "Pride goeth before the fall."