Foreman : What's with the clothes? You're not being discharged.
Cop : I know.
Stevie : It's my parents. They insist that I wear this stuff.
UNK: We insist on our on food, gown and furnishings for a reason.
UNK: Hey, my chest burns. Are you sure the treatments are working?
Foreman : Wegener's causes the body to attack itself.
UNK: That doesn't get undone overnight. Be patient.
Judy : Where's your soup?
Foreman : It's in the garbage.
UNK: It has willow-bark extract.
UNK: Willow-bark extract is basically aspirin.
Judy : Yes, for the fever.
Foreman : He's already on meds, our meds.
Foreman : We can't risk any adverse interactions.
Foreman : We need all this stuff to go. We need to control this environment.
Franklin : So do we. People get sick for a reason,
Franklin : 'cause something in their life is out of balance.
Stevie : Dad, he's a doctor. He doesn't want to hear your talk.
Judy : Balance is just starting to be restored now that that girl is gone.
Foreman : That girl took pretty good care of your son while you were away.
Judy : Yes, we can see that.
UNK: Look, all this stuff may make him feel more comfortable, but it's not gonna...
Franklin : How long is this treatment gonna take?
Foreman : We should start to see some improvement
UNK: in his liver function soon.
Judy : Soon. Very scientific.
Stevie : I'm sorry.
UNK: I'll be back in a little bit to check on you.
Wilson : Ah, yes, if it isn't Dr. Ironside.
House : Ah, if it isn't Dr. "I Had No Friends When I Was Growing Up,
UNK: "So All I Did Was Watch TV by Myself,
UNK: "Which Is Why I Can Now Make Constant Pop-Culture References
UNK: "Which No One Understands but Me."
Wilson : That's my name. Don't wear it out.
UNK: EXCLAIMS
House : Safe from Cuddy, but I guess not from her trusted rat-complice.
Wilson : Reasonable people don't debate the relative merits of their handicaps.
Wilson : Reasonable people make rules based on evidence,
House : like difficulty covering a distance,
UNK: say, 50 yards, not on some preordained patheticness scale.
Wilson : Last I checked, pigheadedness was not the eighth heavenly virtue.
House : It's only pigheaded if you're wrong. If you're right,
UNK: they call it, "Sticking to your principles."
Wilson : Give it up. You're demeaning yourself.
House : That's what they told Rosa Parks.
Wilson : Don't stand up in there. I'm watching your feet.
Franklin : Get out of our home.
Leah : This is not a home.
Leah : It's certainly not...
Judy : It's our home as long as our son is here.
UNK: Mom, Dad, will you please just calm down.
Franklin : You're not family. You have no right to be here.
Judy : I'll touch you. What is going on?
Leah : I'm the one who brought him here. I should be able to see how he's doing.
Judy : He wouldn't even need to be here if it weren't for you.
Leah : Right. I'm so unclean, I caused his liver to shut down.
Foreman : Enough. No one is leaving.
Franklin : He's our son, and we want her out of here.
UNK: GROANING
Stevie : It hurts. It's your stomach again?
UNK: No. What?
FOREMAN : His liver's actually improving.