Foreman : They're for his penis.
Stevie : You lied to them. The bleeding's stopped. I don't need any bandages.
UNK: I need to change your treatment,
Foreman : but your parents won't let us. They've got it in their minds
Foreman : that we want to try some sort of inhuman experiment on you.
UNK: The treatment's experimental?
UNK: FT28 has been through extensive clinical trials.
Foreman : It's also been used successfully for other conditions.
Stevie : The fact that you're recommending experimental treatment
UNK: means you have no other options.
Foreman : Sorry. We stop the pleural effusions, your liver almost fails.
Foreman : We save your liver, the bladder fails.
Foreman : If we don't get ahead of the curve on this...
Stevie : What do you need me to do?
Foreman : Take the medicine, but don't tell your parents.
Stevie : I don't like lying to my parents.
Foreman : The rest of the world, though...
Foreman : The rest of the world I can't trust.
Foreman : You can trust me.
Stevie : How do I know?
Foreman : Because if you do this, then tell your parents, I lose my license.
UNK: GROANS
UNK: God. Get in here.
UNK: Wow, his spleen basically exploded, huh?
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Got another bleeder. 2-O silk on a stick.
Foreman : Got it.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : I believe you ordered your meat rare.
Foreman : Keep him open. If I confirm Wegener's,
Foreman : might as well stage the disease while he's still on the table.
Foreman : External capsule's ruptured but still intact.
Foreman : No signs of a clot or a bleed. Normal follicles, normal lymphoid tissue.
Leah : Come on, can't leave Humpty Dumpty like this forever.
Stevie : I don't see anything but normal spleen. No granulomas.
Nurse : Means no Wegener's.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : That's all I need to know. Let's go people.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : No need. I'm closing.
UNK: Suture.
House : Run his bowel.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Nothing suspicious in the spleen.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Get him out of here.
House : You missed it.
House : He had a granuloma in his liver.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : No, it was just scar tissue.
UNK: Looks like a granuloma on the MRI, but it's not.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : I don't know why I'm debating this. Pass me the Kelly clamp. I'm closing.
UNK: Not unless you're gonna sew my hand into this kid's stomach.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Get out of there. He's unstable.