House : He's got Wegener's, which means he's got granulomas.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : I'm calling my lawyer.
House : It's only 26 feet.
UNK: If you were an ostrich, you'd have a 46-foot wait.
UNK: BEEPING
Foreman : Blood pressure's dropping.
House : Hang another bag of Ringer's lactate.
Nurse : I'm having nothing to do with this.
House : Foreman, hang another bag...
Foreman : Ringer's lactate. Got it.
House : Come on. Come on. It's gotta be in here. It's gotta be in here.
Stevie : It's not.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Mind if we close?
House : It's a good thing we never sold him on FT28. His parents were right.
Cameron : There's no way his parents are gonna let us near him again.
Foreman : They won't be able to transfer him until he's recovered from the surgery.
Chase : You can add the surgical team to the list of people who won't let us near him.
House : Bleeds, clots, bleeds, clots, spleen explodes.
UNK: We should test for Von Willebrand's.
UNK: Or just play tic-tac-toe.
House : Okay, X's are bleeds. O's are clots.
UNK: We started in the lungs, right? What did we do?
Foreman : CT, sputum, two venograms.
UNK: It's one bleed, one clot, then what?
Foreman : Liver shut down, MRI, labs, treated with cyclophophamide.
House : Whereupon he peed out three units of O-negative, another bleed.
Cameron : Where is this going? I don't know yet.
House : What's next? Bladder, kidneys.
UNK: High-resolution CT scan, UA and urine sediment.
House : GI tract?
UNK: You ran his small bowel in the OR.
UNK: The large bowel's fixed to the abdominal wall.
House : I didn't run that. Because there was no reason to.
Cameron : He hasn't been having any symptoms in his bowels.
House : Do a colonoscopy.
Cameron : Because he's had no symptoms?
House : You lose your keys, the first thing you do is look everywhere
House : you might logically have placed them.
House : When you don't find them, then you start looking in other places.
House : The medicine cabinet, freezer, mailbox. We need to look in this kid's mailbox.
Cameron : Why don't we x-ray his feet? They're fine, too.
House : Because we need to take the center square to block.
Cameron : Okay, even if that did make sense, it's kind of hard to do a colonoscopy
Cameron : on a kid you can't get near.
Foreman : He's in the ICU now.
Foreman : His parent's only have limited visiting privileges.
House : I like that kid. He's got spunk.
House : Can't talk now. On guard duty.
Wilson : You're still in that thing?
House : What thing?
House : Oh, this? Forgot it was even there.
Wilson : You know, even if you manage not to get struck down by a bolt of lightning,
Wilson : and make it a week, Cuddy's not gonna give you the space.
House : She can't.
House : A bet's a bet.
Wilson : Yes, and that rule outranks the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Wilson : You think you've got logic on your side, but Whitner's got the legal system,
Wilson : and legal beats logic every time. Just ask OJ.
House : You're right.
Wilson : I am? Yeah.
Wilson : So you're doing this even though you know you've got no legal leg to stand on?
House : Who needs legs when you got wheels? I'm gonna get that spot.
House : No way Cuddy is going to gyp me.
UNK: What did you say?
House : I'll see you later.
House : Gonna have them yelling at me for the next 20 minutes.