House : Lucky for me, I'm sitting in one of these babies.
House : So what other theories can I shoot down?
Cameron : DIC would explain both the...
House : His platelets are normal, and his PTT isn't elevated.
UNK: Leukemia? Normal CBC, and differential?
House : You guys are still thinking like doctors when you should be thinking like plumbers.
House : Come on, I wanna see some butt crack.
House : Something inside the liver is punching holes in the pipes.
House : Blood bleeds through the opening, sticks to the intruder, forms a mass.
Foreman : A clot. A mass.
Chase : Cancer? A tumor could erode a blood vessel.
UNK: Well, so could a granuloma from tuberculosis or sarcoidosis.
House : Do a CT, MRI, sputum and ACE level.
House : Excuse me. Sorry. Cripple coming through.
Mother : He says his throat hurts.
House : That phrasing means you think it doesn't.
Mother : No, I don't.
House : Good enough for me. Where are you going?
House : Mothers know best. Get yourself a sucker on the way out.
Mother : Look, I think he's just faking so he doesn't have to go to school.
House : How did you know I was a truant officer?
Mother : I told him he had a choice, go to school or the doctor.
House : Right. He's wasting your precious time, so you decided to waste mine.
House : How thoughtful.
House : I'm in a wheelchair, so I can't examine him all the way up there.
House : Hop down. My life is just one horror after another.
UNK: Open.
Mother : Does it look like it hurts?
UNK: No.
Mother : What's that?
House : Syringe. I'm with you.
House : Make him hate the doctor's office more than he hates school.
Mother : That's okay. I don't think that's...
House : It's just saline.
House : Hurts like hell when it's injected directly into the muscle.
House : So what do you think, arm or ass?
Mother : I think he's learned his lesson.
House : Oh, I don't know. We better check.
House : Jack, is your mommy a big, fat idiot?
House : Well, what do you know? I guess you were right.
Foreman : Just hold still, Stevie. This shouldn't take long.
Stevie : Sorry, I'm guessing the mike in this thing doesn't pick up nods.
Cameron : Smart kid.
Foreman : Too bad it's all gonna go to waste.
Chase : Nothing wrong with being a salesman.
Foreman : He should be able to pursue his own life,
Foreman : not be stuck helping his parents sell old toasters.
Cameron : He's still young. You never know what he'll end up doing.
Foreman : Unless he goes back to school, I know exactly what he'll end up doing.
UNK: Wait. A lesion?
CHASE : Magnifying times five.
CAMERON : It's a granuloma.
UNK: It means Wegener's is the most likely.
UNK: Stevie! Mom, is that you?
Judy : Get him out of this now.
Foreman : Your son is sick. The sign on the door...
Franklin : The sign says, "No metal." We took everything off.
Foreman : It says, "No admittance."
Franklin : What's wrong with our son? We don't know yet.
UNK: He's not gonna die, is he?
Foreman : Your son is very ill. We're still trying to figure out why,
Foreman : which is why we need you to leave the room.