UNK: You can go for whatever you want.
House : Destroy my privacy, my dignity.
House : Your grandmother?
Gabe : Heat exhaustion, Fourth of July picnic.
Gabe : The woman was 92.
Wilson : Does anyone in the kitchen know the hoagie shop
Wilson : that used to be on St. James Place?
UNK: You sister-in-law with the diabetes.
House : As far as you know, is she still alive? She's not.
UNK: She was killed in a traffic accident
Gabe : driving home from a Phillies game.
UNK: I'm sure a lot of beer was consumed.
House : The Phillies lost. Your father?
Gabe : Old age. Heart finally gave out.
House : Your wife's father?
UNK: Hit-and-run, walking the incontinent dog.
UNK: Hi, do you guys deliver?
UNK: Let me put it this way,
Wilson : if you deliver, there'll be a $100 tip in it for you.
UNK: Excellent.
UNK: Victory. The night is finally going my way.
Gabe : Wilson, toss me a soda.
UNK: Shall we go somewhere to talk?
Foreman : House is an ass.
Foreman : But he obviously needs pain medication,
UNK: and how much pain one person feels
Foreman : is not a call the government should be making.
Tritter : So you think I'm a bureaucrat with a badge
UNK: following some arbitrary guideline.
Foreman : Yeah, I do.
Tritter : So you're saying I should just trust him. Do you?
Foreman : You're not qualified to make that...
Tritter : I'm not sure you are, either.
UNK: I've been a cop for 20 years.
UNK: And not a day goes by
Tritter : that someone doesn't try to sell me some self-serving story.
Tritter : If you had my job, you'd know.
Tritter : Everybody lies.
Cameron : I think you've run out of relatives.
Gabe : So, it's my turn.
Gabe : Why did you become a doctor?
House : That's the big question?
House : I give you complete license to humiliate me
House : and that's the best you can do.
House : Well, okay, let's discuss the wonder of the human body.
Gabe : No, no, no. You're a curious guy.
Gabe : You like to figure things out, why not go into research?
Gabe : Why work with people when you
Gabe : obviously hate people?
House : Oedipal fixation.
House : I was seeking my mother's love
House : and she thought that Ben Casey was just the dreamiest...
UNK: Okay, fine. You don't think you'll need any more answers from me?
Gabe : Give me a hard time.
UNK: When I was 14,
House : my father was stationed in Japan.
House : I went rock-climbing with this kid from school.
UNK: He fell and got injured and I had to bring him to the hospital.
UNK: And we came in through the wrong entrance
UNK: and passed this guy in the hall.
UNK: He was a janitor.
UNK: My friend came down with an infection
UNK: and the doctors didn't know what to do.
House : So they brought in
House : the janitor.
House : He was a doctor.
House : One of Japan's untouchables.
House : His ancestors had been slaughterers, gravediggers.
House : And this guy,
UNK: he knew that he wasn't accepted by the staff, didn't even try.
UNK: He didn't dress well, he didn't pretend to be one of them.
House : The people around that place,
House : they didn't think he had anything they wanted,
House : except when they needed him.
House : Because he was right.
House : Which meant that nothing else mattered.
UNK: And they had to listen to him.
Chase : Thank you.
UNK: MACHINES BEEPING
UNK: Need 20 milligrams of diazepam in a syringe.
UNK: Heartbeat's irregular and accelerating.
UNK: He's at 200. He's gonna crash.
Cameron : Allergic reaction to the diazepam?
Chase : Better hope so.
UNK: It's either that or his heart's done.
Wilson : What happened on the night of the fire?