Tritter : Medicine attracts people who are attracted to power.
Tritter : I know how he hates when he is defied by a patient.
Tritter : I doubt he handles defiance from his staff any better.
Tritter : Now you correct me if I'm wrong,
Tritter : but I don't think Dr. House asks for anything.
Tritter : I think he takes it.
Tritter : And I think that you are stuck lying to the police
Tritter : to cover up something you didn't wanna do.
HOUSE : We have been up and down St. James like a Monopoly car.
House : It's not here. Giancarlo has left the building.
Wilson : We can still turn around and go back to Princeton.
Gabe : No. We've come this far, I'm getting the hoagie.
Wilson : If your son does have mercury poisoning,
House : there's a good chance he'll respond to the chelation.
Wilson : You might be able to have a few minutes with him before you lapse.
Gabe : Why are you so concerned about me?
House : Deep inside Wilson believes that if he cares enough
House : he'll never have to die.
Wilson : Your behavior isn't normal.
House : And you would know normal?
Wilson : What could he have done that you won't forgive after 10 years?
Wilson : When this is your last chance?
Gabe : My son is what he is.
Gabe : His mother's side, all drunken losers.
Gabe : He's gone the same way.
UNK: House told you drinking had damaged your son's liver.
UNK: I just said that.
Wilson : But you didn't hear him say that
UNK: until after we left the hospital.
Wilson : So why did you leave?
House : Maybe your son takes after your side.
House : Seizures and an allergy to emotional connections.
Gabe : Okay, okay, okay. Enough.
Gabe : We're in Atlantic City and my time's not up yet.
UNK: We find a hotel with a casino.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
Cameron : BP's starting to drop.
UNK: O2-sat's down to 70.
Foreman : Point-three milligrams of epi in.
Cameron : What are you trying to do, make him bleed faster?
Foreman : Check the pulse.
Foreman : It's not his liver.
Foreman : It's the heart.
WILSON : I understand he's a French chef
Wilson : but I'm sure he can handle this.
UNK: You need a 12-inch Italian roll,
Wilson : oregano vinegar, no, not balsamic vinegar, oregano vinegar.
House : Quid pro quo, Clarice.
House : Game's still on.
Gabe : I thought the answer was mercury poisoning.
Gabe : What other questions would you care about?
Wilson : If you each had one day to live,
Wilson : you'd look for one last meal and House would look for one last answer.
WILSON : No, can you just send the ingredients up here
Wilson : and I'll make it myself.
UNK: Last 10 years, how much awareness did you have?
Gabe : I don't know, I knew it wasn't the next day.
Gabe : I knew that...
Gabe : I recognized your voice.
Gabe : How often were you in my room?
Wilson : No, you're wasting a question.
Wilson : I have a better one.
Wilson : Why steal my pad?
House : Oh, my God, you're right. I'm an addict.
House : Thanks for opening my eyes.
Wilson : No, I mean why my pad?
Wilson : Foreman, Cameron and Chase's pads are just as convenient.
Wilson : But their association with you is involuntary, they're employees.
Wilson : I associate with you through choice
Wilson : and any relationship that involves choice
Wilson : you have to see how far you can push before it breaks.
House : This is easy.
House : You ask the questions, answer them and make tasty snacks.
House : Let's go try the casino.
Wilson : And one day our friendship will break
UNK: and that'll just prove your theory that relationships are conditional
Wilson : and you don't need human connection or deserve it,
Wilson : or whatever goes on in that rat-maze of your brain.
House : Sorry, if I'd known he was gonna be this annoying,
House : I would have stolen Dr. Cameron's pad
UNK: MOBILE PHONE RINGING And Dr. Foreman's car.
UNK: At least she appreciates my brooding melancholy.
House : House's House of Whining, state your complaint.
UNK: The patient's BP just dropped like a stone.
House : Mercury isn't likely to damage the...
Foreman : Mercury test was negative.
House : Do an echo.
House : I was wrong. Your son's still dying.
House : I need to go over every relative you ever had. Again.
UNK: And this time, forget their diseases, just tell me how they died.
UNK: And we don't have time to take turns.
UNK: You give me the answers, you get a big one at the end.