Wilson : And pass me the Twizzlers.
Wilson : I'm curious... No, you're not.
House : Why would a man's first instinct
Wilson : be to drive away from the only family he's got?
UNK: No, this is no time for you to do your thing.
House : We don't care about his state of mind, we don't care if he's happy.
House : This factory of yours, what did you make?
House : So ask me a question.
Gabe : I'm thinking.
House : Only six left, by the way.
Wilson : So sign my name. You don't need a doctor, you need a pen.
Gabe : What is up with you two?
House : Wilson lied to the bulls to keep me out of the big house.
Wilson : Are you out of your mind?
UNK: Well, who's he gonna tell?
House : By tomorrow night he's gonna be a mindless stalk of celery.
House : Since I answered that one, by the way, my turn.
House : What did you make in your factory?
Gabe : Luxury boats.
UNK: Have you ever been in love?
UNK: Wow!
House : Going right for the closets with the embarrassing stuff. Good move.
House : Yes. Describe the boats.
UNK: Thirty-five to 65-foot hulls, twin engines, parquet floors in the galley,
Gabe : staterooms with queen beds.
Gabe : How'd you meet? She shot me.
UNK: These boats, I assume you used mildew-resistant paint on the hulls?
Gabe : Naturally. Shot you?
UNK: Paintball. Doctors versus lawyers.
UNK: Did you ever take your son to the factory? Sure.
Gabe : He used to run all over the place, but it was perfectly safe.
Gabe : Ever love anybody else?
House : No more questions, I got my answer.
House : While Dad's in the office, his son's watching them spray-paint.
House : And what kid wears a mask?
House : Mercury specifically targets the central nervous system.
Gabe : You're saying this is my fault?
House : Mercury poisoning explains the seizures
UNK: and the liver's like a big soup strainer.
UNK: The soup runs through, chicken dumplings stay.
House : For soup, read blood, for chicken...
Gabe : I get it, I get it. Mercury.
House : Sits more or less idle
House : until your kid pours tequila shooters into his liver.
House : When the liver goes, takes out the kidneys, explains everything.
House : Yeah, it's me.
UNK: Chase, start heavy metal chelation
House : while we're waiting for results.
Foreman : Chase isn't here. I'll start the...
House : Where is he?
Foreman : The lab.
Tritter : How many pills does he take a day?
Chase : It's hard to say, pain levels vary over time...
UNK: Could be six, eight, 10.
Cameron : Ever write any prescriptions for him?
UNK: Yes. Why?
Tritter : Did he tell you to?
Chase : He asked me to.