Kyle : Say, do you mind passing me my backpack?
UNK: CLINKING
Kyle : Hair of the dog.
CAMERON : Could be infection. FOREMAN : Or a brain tumor.
Cameron : Says he had a CT.
UNK: What's wrong with the simplest explanation? Trauma?
Cameron : He didn't report any injuries.
Cameron : He didn't report being an alcoholic, either.
Chase : Drinking equals falling down equals trauma equals...
House : Maybe it's inherited.
UNK: How would you jump to genetics from his EEG?
UNK: All you've got are some vaguely epileptiform waves.
House : It's not his EEG. It's his father's.
House : When it comes to cortical seizures, like father, like son.
Foreman : Small seizures aren't unheard of
Foreman : in a patient in a vegetative state.
UNK: Similarities are interesting, though.
Chase : What caused the vegetative state?
House : His house burned down.
House : Went back in to get his wife,
UNK: firefighters found him unconscious
House : three feet from the bedroom, asphyxiated.
Foreman : Not an inherited condition.
House : Test his DNA. Start with adrenomyeloneuropathy.
House : Check out the home.
Chase : He has a single bed.
Foreman : They still make single beds?
UNK: It could mean he just doesn't have sex,
Chase : though there were condoms in the apartment.
Foreman : House asked you to check out the home for toxins.
Chase : No mold, no leaks, no pets.
Cameron : MRI and LP are both inconclusive.
Cameron : Infection's still possible, tumor's less likely, but...
UNK: DNA? The adrenomyeloneuropathy test
Foreman : was negative.
House : DNA test again.
House : Try Unverricht-Lundborg and late-onset Lafora's.
CHASE : Genetic tests take forever.
Chase : You can't just keep testing for every inherited condition you think it might be.
House : Well, not me. I'll be leaving early. But you guys can.
Foreman : You said no one's been sick but what about delivery people, repair guy?
Kyle : I wouldn't know. I work from home.
Kyle : Haven't been to the office in over a month.
CAMERON : Visitors?
Kyle : Haven't had any.
UNK: The only person I've seen in the last week
Kyle : was the pizza delivery guy and he looked pretty healthy.
Cameron : There's gotta be someone you're close to.
Kyle : Actually, the person I see most often is my father.
Kyle : He's asleep so he can't stop me.
UNK: GROANS
Foreman : What is it?
UNK: I'm just feeling a little nauseous.
Cameron : I think his liver's failing.
UNK: God. Does that mean that I'm...