Ryan : Do you really expect us to believe that?
UNK: No,
Hollister : but it's the truth.
Becket : This case against Liam is pretty circumstantial.
Esposito : Hopefully, ballistics can match his gun to the murder weapon.
UNK: Yawn.
Mia : I need food. Now.
Mia : And just so you know,
Mia : when hungry, I do have a tendency to become irritable.
Castle : You? Irritable? I don't believe it.
Hayley : Beautiful, isn't it?
Hayley : How long before I can return it to my employer?
Beckett : Well, that's up to the DA.
Mia : It's a forgery, you know.
Beckett : - What? - How do you know?
Beckett : You can smell it.
Mia : Oil paint takes many years to become fully dry.
Mia : That smells way too fresh to be from the 19th century.
UNK: That's definitely not the painting that was in the killer's briefcase.
Esposito : Maybe Liam was telling the truth.
Ryan : If he was, it would explain why Justin gave up the painting so easily.
Ryan : He knew it was a fake.
Beckett : Which means the real killer is still out there with the real painting.
Castle : I love it when there's a twist!
Mia : And I love it when my belly's full.
Castle : I'm getting takeout right now.
Mia : Restaurant food?
Mia : Hell, no.
Mia : Home cooking only.
Mia : Everything has to be steamed, with zero,
Mia : and, I mean, zero seasoning.
Mia : If I even smell or see a speck of salt, somebody's gonna get hurt.
Mia : You're my ride, Castle, let's go.
UNK: Man.
UNK: Well, Mia, ifyou have a hankering for a bland meal,
UNK: I have a treat for you. My mother's cooking.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I heard that, Richard.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I think gratitude would be appropriate
UNK: Martha Rodgers : since I am steaming this ridiculous meal for you.
Mia : Martha Rodgers?
Martha : Yes? I'm sorry, have we met?
UNK: Uh...
Mia : May 19th, 1999. I saw you perform in Pippin.
UNK: Oh, my God. You remember that?
UNK: Oh, yeah. Off-Off-Broadway...
Castle : Uh, Mother, that was New Jersey.
UNK: Off-Off-Broadway, as I said.
Martha : Well, isn't this nice.
Martha : So you liked the production?
Mia : - No. Hated it. - Oh.
Mia : Plus the theater smelled like Limburger gravy
Mia : on a hot summer's day.
UNK: But you... You were amazing.
Castle : Really? So, all day with a bestselling author, nothing.
Castle : Twenty seconds with my mother,
Castle : you're a tweener at a Taylor Swift concert?
Martha : Don't be a hater, Richard. It's the power of theater.
Martha : Go on. Go on. You were raving.
Mia : Your performance, it was so moving
Mia : that I completely forgot how horrible my real life was.
UNK: It was just... It was the best day ever.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Sweetheart.
Mia : And you barely stink.
Castle : Coming from her, that's high praise.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. I've got something... we've got something.
UNK: Yeah, it's what I said.
Esposito : - That's not what you said. - Okay, it's what I meant.
Beckett : Okay, you both get gold stars for the day
UNK: ifjust one ofyou can tell me what's going on.
UNK: We did some digging into this painting's tortured history.
Esposito : Stolen during world war II,
Esposito : it ended up in a private collection before coming up for auction.
Ryan : Apparently stolen artwork like this rarely ends up in the hands of its owner.
Beckett : What does any of this have to do with Justin's murder?
UNK: Everything.
Esposito : The Van Gogh is connected to somebody we know.
Beckett : - Who? - Two years ago,
Ryan : there was a failed legal claim
Ryan : on behalf of the family who the painting was stolen from.
Esposito : And guess who filed it?
Martha : Oh, so glad you wanted a second helping.
Mia : Thank you, Martha. It's perfect.
Castle : I think my palate fell asleep.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : That'll be the takeout for you and me. Well done.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Hello...
Castle : Mother, what exactly did you order?
Lorenzo : Mr. Castle, you're coming with me.
UNK: Oh, no, he is not.
Castle : Mother, it's all right.
Castle : Okay. So, who are you?
UNK: Who I am is not important.
Lorenzo : It's who you are that is.
Lorenzo : You're married to the Captain of the 12th Precinct,
Lorenzo : where a certain work of art is being held.
Lorenzo : You're going to go and get it for me.
Castle : Give me one good reason why I should.
Lorenzo : - I'll give you two. - Oh, my God!
Castle : Okay, okay, put the gun back to me. Point it at me.
Lorenzo : Look, that painting belongs to my family.
Lorenzo : My father spent his life trying to find it.
Lorenzo : He died a broken man.
Lorenzo : There's no way I'm going to let it sit in some billionaire's man cave.
Castle : Okay, I get it. I do.
Castle : And I want to help you. Honestly.
Castle : But I can't get that painting even if I tried.
Lorenzo : And why is that?
UNK: Lucy's not gonna let me.
UNK: Who the hell's Lucy?
Castle : - She's right behind you. - Technically, I'm to his left.
Castle : Did you see that? Knocked him out with one punch!
Martha : - And he wasn't the only one. - Ow!
UNK: Oops.
UNK: Rick?
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : Far from it.
Castle : I think Mia is going to sue us for everything we've got.
UNK: Yeah. You broke my money maker!
Castle : I said I was sorry.
Beckett : Uh, there's more bad news.
Beckett : Lorenzo's not our killer.
Beckett : I spoke with his co-workers. He's got a rock-solid alibi.
Castle : Well, that makes sense.
UNK: If he was the one that killed Justin, he'd already have the Van Gogh,
UNK: and he wouldn't have asked me to steal the fake one.
Lorenzo : Hold on.
Lorenzo : The Van Gogh you recovered is the forgery?
Beckett : How do you know about the forgery?
UNK: Lorenzo, you are in a world oftrouble.
Beckett : Your best bet is to tell us everything you know. Now.
UNK: I've spent my entire adult life searching for that painting.
Lorenzo : When I heard it was coming up for auction,
Lorenzo : I tried to get my boss to buy it.
Beckett : - But he wouldn't. - No.
Lorenzo : But I knew Justin from some of his deliveries.
UNK: He did some research.
Lorenzo : Learned that we had three weeks before the painting was to be moved,
Lorenzo : so we hatched a plan.
Lorenzo : Justin would jump Liam's transporterjob,
Lorenzo : and switch the Van Gogh with the fake.