Gilliam : Justin must have gotten greedy and jumped the job.
Gilliam : We didn't realize until the real transporter arrived
Gilliam : to pick up the painting and it was gone.
Esposito : Then who's the real transporter?
Esposito : Liam Hollister, ex-British mercenary.
Esposito : Kicked out of the French Foreign Legion for being too violent.
Ryan : According to Hayley, Liam is Falcon's go-to guy for big moneyjobs.
Esposito : I don't think he'd take too kindly to Justin stealing his commission.
UNK: Might go rogue.
Ryan : So he tracked Justin to that garage and traded two bullets for that painting.
Esposito : You think he'd be rolling around in something a little more subtle
UNK: - after committing murder. - Yeah.
Esposito : Hey, bro.
Esposito : Are we good?
Ryan : Yeah, of course. why do you even ask?
UNK: 'Cause you've been acting weird all day.
Esposito : And I know that you're bummed,
Esposito : but you never even gave me props for passing.
Ryan : Yeah, Javi, you're right, man.
Ryan : Congratulations, man. Really.
Esposito : Thanks, bro.
Esposito : Here we go.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Hey! Hey!
Esposito : Go left.
UNK: - Javi! Are you okay? - No!
Esposito : You shot me in the ass!
UNK: Ah!
Beckett : You shot your partner.
Esposito : In the ass.
Ryan : It was an accident.
UNK: The hospital says he's gonna be fine. Just needs a few stitches.
UNK: And a new pair oftrousers.
Ryan : Any sign of Liam?
Beckett : No. But he fled in his Rolls.
Beckett : So, we've got Vikram monitoring every street cam,
Beckett : at every crossing in the city.
Beckett : Which means, if he tries to get out of Manhattan, we will find him.
Ryan : Well, I will coordinate with him.
Ryan : Start digging into Liam's life,
Ryan : try and figure out where he might go to ground.
Hayley : You know Liam's going to ditch the car, right?
Martha : - I know. - A ride like that would fetch top dollar.
Hayley : If Liam's bolting, he might want some quick cash.
Beckett : - Who are you calling? - Your husband.
Hayley : I reckon that he might have some friends
Hayley : who would know where to sell a hot Rolls in a hurry.
Mia : Why are you still here?
Castle : The case isn't over yet.
Mia : It is for me.
Castle : I saw you back at the precinct. You were having fun.
Mia : No, I wasn't.
Castle : Richard Castle.
Castle : I'll ask around. Okay.
UNK: AII right, we have a new mission.
Castle : To find where our suspect might sell a high-end Rolls-Royce.
Mia : I can't help you with that.
Castle : But you can ID him once we get there.
Mia : Why are you doing this to me?
Castle : Because you helped me out. And now I'm returning the favor.
Mia : By torturing me?
UNK: No.
UNK: Mia, you're not living. You're hiding.
Castle : I know you find the world a little overwhelming,
Castle : but out here, this is where life happens.
UNK: So, let's go.
Ryan : Hey, partner. Let me help you with that.
Esposito : I can handle it myself.
Ryan : Javi, it was an accident.
Beckett : Hey, what are you doing here? Go home.
UNK: No. I'm here to work.
Beckett : - You were shot. - It's just a flesh wound.
Esposito : If he's working, then I'm working.
Hayley : So I just got Liam's phone records.
Hayley : He called Hawthorne Carter Iess than half an hour ago.
UNK: Why is that name so familiar?
Hayley : He's a hedge fund billionaire,
Hayley : whose hobbies include world domination and art collection.
UNK: Hawthorne Carter : Tell him the only way I'll sell is if he lets me come down
UNK: Hawthorne Carter : and punch him in the face.
UNK: Hawthorne Carter : No, the drapes are gray...
Beckett : Mr. Carter, you need to get off the phones.
Martha : - Now. - Fine. I'll call you back.
Beckett : Both phones, please.
Castle : - Hey! - Goodbye.
Beckett : Sit down
Beckett : or I will arrest you for conspiracy to commit murder.
Carter : Lorenzo, what is she talking about?
Lorenzo : The Van Gogh, sir.
Hayley : Three weeks ago, you bid on it at an auction and you lost.
Beckett : This morning, it was stolen, and a man was found shot to death.
UNK: Mr. Carterjust got back from Singapore this afternoon.
UNK: No, we don't think you killed him, but you are in contact with the man who did.
UNK: Liam Hollister, the transporter.
Beckett : According to The Falcon Unit,
Beckett : you've engaged his services numerous times.
Carter : Yeah, he called looking to unload the painting.
UNK: I only bid on it 'cause Lorenzo thought it would look great hanging in my G5.
Beckett : So you're saying you didn't agree to buy it?
UNK: Hell, no. I already bought a Jackson Pollock to hang there.
Beckett : - Do you have any idea where he is now? - Nope.
UNK: But when I said "no" to the painting,
Carter : he asked if I had any interest in a used Rolls-Royce.
Mechanic : - Yes, sir. How can I help you? - Yes.
UNK: Uh...
Castle : Monty sent me.
Mia : I see.
UNK: So your Ferrari was "stolen."
Castle : Yes. And I'm afraid my poor insurance company's
Castle : going to have to pay out a fortune when I report it.
Castle : Now, how much extra can I look forward to making?
UNK: Well, gonna have to run some numbers,
Mechanic : but I'll see what our foreign buyers might pay for it.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: AII right. That looks like Liam's car right there.
Castle : Let's go.
Castle : Love it.
Castle : Want it.
Castle : Need it.
Mia : A convertible? Yuck.
UNK: AII right. why don't you pop the trunk?
Mia : Oh. Okay.
Hollister : What the hell are you doing?
Castle : - Oh, just taking a look at the cars. - Yeah. Back up.
UNK: Hey, no problem.
UNK: Yes.
Hollister : Hey! Get out of there.
UNK: Uh, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Castle : No need for that.
UNK: Mia!
Mia : Did I do okay?
Castle : You did perfectly.
Ryan : I give up.
UNK: How the hell did the two ofyou trap Liam in his own trunk?
Mia : Because we're awesome, and you two suck.