UNK: What's that noise?
Beckett : Sounds like an air conditioning unit on its last legs.
Castle : - That's it! - What's it?
Castle : Nail polish remover smells Iike nail polish remover
UNK: because of its active ingredient, acetone.
Castle : Air conditioning units leak,
Castle : specifically, they leak Freon.
Castle : - Freon smells like acetone. - Like acetone.
UNK: The killer must've been standing next to a Freon leak.
UNK: He probably squeezed up against this pillar,
Castle : and that's how he got the Freon transferred onto him.
UNK: And, uh, this may very well be his hair.
Castle : We have the killer's DNA.
Esposito : - Thanks for coming back in, Graham. - Not a problem.
Graham : So there was an update to my brother's case?
UNK: Yeah. Uh... Justin...
Ryan : Now, he paid your college tuition, didn't he?
Ryan : At the Art Institute.
UNK: What does that have to do with anything?
UNK: Well, we heard that you're an amazing painter.
Ryan : Gifted, according to your professors.
Esposito : But a lousy gambler.
Esposito : Yeah, we checked.
Esposito : You had markers and IOUs all over the city.
Ryan : At underground casinos.
Ryan : The kind of establishments that don't take kindly when you can't pay up.
Esposito : I bet you thought it was your lucky day
Esposito : when your brother asked you to forge that Van Gogh.
Ryan : Justin was going to sell the original painting.
UNK: The two ofyou would split the profits.
Ryan : But when you found out that he was just going to give that painting away,
Ryan : you got a little pissed, didn't you?
Graham : That's ridiculous. It doesn't prove that I killed him, either.
Esposito : No, but the hair at the crime scene does.
Esposito : We ran the DNA.
UNK: It's a match to your brother by 54%.
Esposito : Also known as a sibling match.
Ryan : Now, you're a gambling man.
UNK: AII right. So, how much do you want to bet
UNK: that when we run that hair against the DNA from this glass,
UNK: there's gonna be an exact match?
Esposito : And we have a warrant for your place.
Esposito : Now, what are we going to find there?
Esposito : The gun that you used?
Esposito : The original Van Gogh?
Graham : He was my brother.
Graham : I didn't want to kill him. I just needed the money.