George : Well, no report.
George : You know, same nothing as earlier.
George : I should go.
George : Oh, actually there is something, sir.
UNK: - Burke and Shepherd marking territory? - No, sir.
George : It's about Joe. The bartender.
George : The standstill patient.
Meredith : See. Bilateral pleural effusion with evidence of subQ edema.
Julie : In English, please?
Addison : We've detected what looks like beginning heart failure in the twins.
Addison : - Don't be alarmed. - Are my babies gonna be OK?
UNK: I'm going to take you into surgery now. Book the OR.
Joe : Move.
Joe : Tell Pete to wash out the taps every night. Not every other night.
Joe : And remind him that the delivery truck comes at 6 : 00a. m. Kegs go in the back.
Joe : Oh, another thing. There's petty cash on the top shelf in the storage closet.
UNK: We're operating on patients. That's it.
Burke : - I know, but... - I sympathize. I do.
Richard : But solving Joe's finances is not my job, it's not your job,
Richard : and it's sure as hell not the job I assigned you today.
UNK: It seems wrong to cut him open, sew him up, and leave him, left with nothing.
Richard : If we can save his life, we'll hardly be leaving him with nothing.
Derek : That's as far as I can go for now. Let's start cooling him.
Bailey : Can't see much from back here, O'Malley.
George : I know. I'm trying to find a loophole to help Joe.
UNK: - You know Joe? - Oh, yeah.
Bailey : I was the only female intern my year.
Bailey : I didn't know anybody and nobody knew me except Joe.
Bailey : He knew me.
George : Oh. So, you and Joe?
UNK: All you people ever think about is how to get into somebody's pants.
Bailey : You're nasty. That's why you got syphilis.
Bailey : Joe was the first person here to say I'd make a good surgeon.
Bailey : Not that he knew anything about it. But it was somethin' when I had nothin'.
Alex : Oh, sure. I'm the guy with the heart of stone and you brought snacks.
Izzie : - It's a working lunch. - Snacks to watch Joe die.
Izzie : He's not gonna "die" die. They'll bring him back.
Alex : He is going to "die" die. No "pulse" pulse. He'll be "dead" dead.
Izzie : It's a granola bar, Alex.
Izzie : Not a bag of supersize popcorn and a box of chocolate movie mints.
Richard : That's it.
George : Dead!
Meredith : Excuse me.
UNK: Julie, we're gonna go in laparoscopically.
Addison : You're not gonna feel anything. And neither are the twins.