Richard : Burke will act as chief of surgery until I'm back on my feet.
Derek : You gave chief to Burke.
Richard : There's no room for personal in being chief.
Derek : - What is that supposed to mean? - You have been sleeping with an intern.
Derek : So I guess part of being chief is personal.
Richard : Close the door on your way out.
Addison : L. S.
UNK: IV nurse call ICU, extension 323.
Cristina : Babcock.
UNK: IV nurse call ICU, extension 323.
Burke : Right-angle clamp.
Cristina : Oh. I'm gonna sterilize everything when I'm done.
Cristina : The scrub nurses won't know I was here.
Burke : My lips are sealed.
UNK: Dr. Tucker to Radiology. Dr. Tucker to Radiology.
Burke : So, I have a question to ask.
Burke : I checked the schedule and I noticed that you and I are both off tonight.
Burke : I made reservations.
Burke : I have a favorite restaurant.
Cristina : None of those were questions.
Burke : Would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight?
Cristina : You know, the OR is the one place where I can come and think.
Cristina : I'm thinking right now, OK?
Burke : Of course.
Burke : I get it.
George : I'm not a violent person. I'm a pacifist.
George : But, you know, he just kept pushing and push...
George : He pushed me, I pushed back.
George : I was pushed. And now he...
Izzie : If Alex tries to lay a hand on you, just tell me, I'll take care of it.
MVO : You...
George : I don't need you to take care of it.
George : If Alex starts something I'll handle it myself.
George : I can handle it.
Bailey : OK, people, assignments.
Bailey : Yang, you're on discharges. O'Malley report to room E19.
Bailey : Grey come see me, and who was on call last night?
Bailey : Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy.
Bailey : Redo these and return them to me before lunch, understood?
Bailey : - Understood. - Karev, don't tempt me.
Bailey : - Somebody's popular. - Meaning?
Bailey : There's been a special request, just for you.
Burke : The chief runs through all of this?
Burke : Before lunch. After, you've got calls to return, a budget to approve,
Burke : two staff meetings, and four of Richard's surgeries, including your own.
Burke : Absolutely. No problem.
Patricia : Virgins.
Derek : So. Congratulations are in order.
Burke : Don't sweat it, I'll only be your boss for a few days.
UNK: I'm aware of Richard's recovery time. I operated on him, remember?
UNK: I do. He survived and chose me to take over while recruiting your wife.
Derek : Clearly, he has brain damage.
Burke : Or is it your ex-wife? I'm a little fuzzy on that.
Derek : - We're separated. - Sorry to interrupt, Dr. Burke.
Burke : - You're never interrupting. - She always is.
UNK: I was checking to see if Dr. Burke secured the intern...
UNK: The intern you requested? He did.
Addison : Define TTTS.
Meredith : Twin-twin transfusion syndrome. Conjoined fetal twins.
Addison : Connected by?
Meredith : - Blood vessels in the placenta. - Meaning?
Addison : One twin gets too much blood, the other too little, endangering both.
Addison : I'd expect you to know that, Grey.
UNK: You said probably nothing could be done.
Addison : TTTS is usually impossible to correct.
UNK: Unless you are one of a handful of surgeons in the world
Addison : who knows how to separate fetal blood vessels.
Addison : Which, luckily for you, I am.
UNK: So we'll get you into surgery tomorrow.
Addison : If you have any questions at all, please ask Dr. Grey.
UNK: From what I have seen, she is one of the hospital's most popular interns.
Meredith : I could've answered your question given a chance.
UNK: Chin up. I'm this tough on everyone, not just the women my husband sleeps with.
Addison : Order an ultrasound for her and pre-op labs in...
George : Hi. Can I have the chart for E19, please? Thank you.
Richard : Oh, good, you're here. Let's get started.
Joe : OK.