Richard : I'm telling you, Joe deserves...
Richard : Deserves our help. Couldn't help yourself, could you?
Richard : Whether or not it'd win you any points, even from me.
Richard : I signed your request.
Richard : Give it to Patricia, she'll know what to do.
Richard : - Joe may keep his bar after all. - Thank you, sir.
Richard : - O'Malley! - Yes?
Richard : Yell at me again, and I'll snap you like a twig.
George : Yes, sir.
Addison : See? Just a small scar.
Julie : And my babies?
UNK: Dr. Cole, call the OR.
Addison : Your babies are doing very well.
Addison : And Dr. Grey will be back to check on you a little bit later.
Julie : I'd prefer it if Dr. Grey were taken off the case.
Addison : Why, is there a problem?
Julie : Just reminds me of someone I don't like. Someone my husband likes a lot.
Julie : Particularly in lingerie. You understand.
Addison : No, no, I don't understand.
Julie : Well, she's sleeping with your husband, right?
Addison : Ms. Philips, I lack Dr. Grey's class and patience
Addison : so, let me set the record straight.
Addison : My husband didn't cheat on me, I cheated on him.
Addison : So the wronged woman here, Dr. Grey.
Addison : So, I think you owe her one hell of an apology.
Derek : One night I parked my car,
Derek : I unlock my front door, go inside my house, and something's different.
Derek : Nothing's different, everything's the same
Derek : but yet, still, something's different.
Derek : And I stand there for a while.
Derek : And then I know.
Derek : See, there are moments for me, you know, usually when I'm in the OR,
Derek : when I just know what's gonna happen next.
Derek : So I go upstairs.
UNK: As I walk down the hall, I try to prepare myself for what I'm gonna see
Derek : when I go into my bedroom.
Derek : I step on a man's jacket that doesn't belong to me.
Richard : And everything I think I know... just shifts.
Derek : Because the jacket that doesn't belong to me is a jacket that I recognize.
Derek : And what I know now is that when I go into my bedroom,
Derek : I'm not just gonna see that my wife is cheating on me.
Derek : I'm gonna see that my wife is cheating on me with Mark,
Derek : who happened to be my best friend.
Derek : It's just so pedestrian, common and dirty,
Derek : and cruel.
Derek : Mostly just cruel.
Derek : I left. Came out here.
Meredith : - And you met me. - And I met you.
Meredith : Well, what was I to you?
Meredith : The girl you screwed to get over being screwed?
Derek : You were like coming up for fresh air.
Derek : It's like I was drowning and you saved me.
Derek : That's all I know.
Meredith : It's not enough.
UNK: They say practice makes perfect.
UNK: Theory is, the more you think like a surgeon
UNK: the more you become one.
UNK: The better you get at remaining neutral, clinical.
UNK: Cut, suture, close.
UNK: And the harder it becomes to turn it off...
Joe : Thought I might see your ugly mug in here tonight.
Joe : Did you hear the good news?
UNK: ... to stop thinking like a surgeon.
Richard : O'Malley!
Alex : I heard what you did, champ.
UNK: And remember what it means to think like a human being.
Cristina : The clinic has a policy.
Cristina : They wouldn't let me confirm my appointment
Cristina : unless I designated an emergency contact person.
Cristina : Someone to be there, just in case,
Cristina : and to help me home, you know, after.
Cristina : Anyway, I put your name down.
Cristina : That's why I told you I'm pregnant. You're my "person."
Meredith : I am?
Cristina : Yeah, you are.
Richard : Whatever.
Cristina : He dumped me.
Cristina : You realize this constitutes hugging?
Meredith : Shut up.
Meredith : I'm your "person."