UNK: He's hemorrhaging.
Foreman : They're talking about Mom's last trip to the dentist.
Foreman : Grown children talking to their parents,
Foreman : nothing gets talked about.
Cuddy : Trust me, you're not missing anything.
Dad : So, besides work, what you been up to?
House : Not much.
UNK: You always say that, "Not much".
House : It's always the answer.
Dad : Any new babes you might wanna tell me about?
Mom : Leave him alone, John.
House : Got a new motorcycle.
House : Might have seen it out front,
House : it's orange with a gigantic scrape.
Dad : Is it the one in the handicapped parking?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Looks like crap, but it drives great.
UNK: Well, you'll be careful, right?
Dad : Last I checked, you still have two legs.
House : Actually, three.
Dad : You know what your problem is, Greg?
House : Shifting gears?
Dad : You just don't know how lucky you are.
Dad : Where's the head?
House : Well, good thing we got that cleared up.
Mom : Oh, he was just trying to help.
House : I don't need help.
House : I know.
Mom : You're absolutely perfect just the way you are.
House : Thank you.
Ken : So, how much longer do you think he'll be in surgery?
Wilson : It's hard to say.
Ken : You know, he just started school when Ann died.
Ken : I was a mess.
Ken : Still adjusting to being a parent, much less a single parent.
Ken : You know, I used to put cold pancakes in his lunch box.
Ken : I mean, that was the only thing
Ken : I could make that he would eat.
UNK: - You did okay, he's a good kid. - Yeah.
Ken : Hey. So, how is he?
Chase : Well, the surgeon has removed the tumor
Chase : without damaging the spinal cord.
Chase : But, the infection has caused
Chase : another intestinal perforation.
Chase : We stopped the bleeding,
Chase : but his white count keeps falling.
UNK: Okay.
Ken : So what now? Another drug, antibiotics, what?
Cameron : I'm sorry.
Chase : The reality is, no matter what we give him,
UNK: it's unlikely he's gonna be able to fight off the infections.
Cameron : Okay, okay.
Cameron : The father and the friend are responding well to treatment.
Cameron : Things aren't looking so good for Carnell.
House : Thank you,
House : for not eating.
Cameron : It was none of my business.
House : They seem perfectly pleasant, don't they?
Cameron : They are.
House : He was a marine pilot. She was a housewife.
House : Married 47 years, they had one child.
UNK: Mom is just like everyone else,
UNK: she's nice enough,
UNK: no great sense of humor, hates confrontation.
House : My dad's just like you.
UNK: Not the caring till your eyes pop out part,
House : just the insane moral compass
House : that won't let you lie to anybody about anything.
House : It's a great quality for Boy Scouts
House : and police witnesses.
House : Crappy quality for a dad.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: How you doing?
Carnell : I'm hanging in there.
Cameron : I'm sorry I lied to you about Mom.
Carnell : I'm sorry I lied to you, too.
Ken : There was nothing good that came out of her dying.
Carnell : I'm not mad.
Carnell : I know why you did it.
Carnell : It worked.
Carnell : I never drink and drive.
Carnell : I'm scared, Dad.
Carnell : Come on.
Ken : There's nothing to be scared of.
UNK: You're gonna be just fine.
Carnell : Don't play me.
UNK: I wanna know the truth.
Ken : I'm telling you the truth.
UNK: You're gonna be fine, I swear.
Carnell : I love you, Dad.
Ken : I love you, too.
Cameron : Why does he hate seeing his parents?
Cameron : So his dad tells the truth, he can't handle that?
Wilson : He hates being a disappointment.
Cameron : He's a doctor, world famous.
Cameron : How disappointed can they be?
Wilson : You know what I figure is worse
Wilson : than watching your son become crippled?
Wilson : Watching him be miserable.