Ken : Nothing. I mean, why would you think she was sick?
Cameron : We think it may have been what caused her car accident.
Carnell : Wait, what do you mean? My mom's car was hit by a drunk driver.
Foreman : That's not what the police report indicated.
UNK: Well, you must have gotten the wrong report.
Ken : No. They didn't.
Ken : When you started driving...
UNK: I...
Carnell : You lied about how Mom died?
Ken : I figured if her death could somehow mean something, it...
UNK: How does lying about it mean something?
Carnell : How could you use her like that, Dad? Her death?
Ken : - I was just trying to protect you. - What else isn't true?
Carnell : She wasn't a teacher, you just wanted me to read?
Foreman : What's that smell?
Cameron : I don't smell...
UNK: We're gonna need a nurse.
Carnell : - What the hell? - It's okay. We'll take care of it.
Ken : You didn't feel anything?
UNK: No.
Foreman : - You feel that? - Yeah.
Cameron : But you didn't feel any of this?
UNK: No.
Foreman : Sphincter paralysis plus shocks equals Miller Fisher Syndrome.
UNK: Not if you add the stool sample,
UNK: which is negative for C. Jejuni.
House : He lied to his son about how his mom died?
Cameron : He was just protecting him.
House : Manipulating him.
UNK: - That's what parents do. - They lie to us because they love us.
House : Who's getting teary?
Foreman : Mom's death is irrelevant.
Foreman : DNA revealed no NF2 markers
Foreman : or any other inherited disease.
Foreman : Apparently, she really did fall asleep at the wheel.
House : So, what exactly are we talking about here?
House : A little peeker, or did the prairie dog actually come out to play?
Cameron : - Excuse me? - Are we talking explosive?
UNK: The hemoccult was negative for blood,
Cameron : and I wouldn't say he actually exploded. More like gushed?
UNK: Good, then we're getting somewhere.
Foreman : Yeah? Where?
House : I have no idea.
House : - Of course. - Hello?
UNK: - Love the riddles. - Hi, Mom.
UNK: Look, I have a business dinner on Thursday night.
House : I can't get out of it.
House : I know, I really wanted to see you, too.
House : Actually, can I call you back? I'm in a meeting right now.
House : Okay, thanks.
Cameron : Who was that?
House : Angelina Jolie.
UNK: I call her "Mom". Who thinks that's sexy?
House : So, explosive or gushing...
UNK: She never calls here, is everything okay?
House : Great, yeah.
House : My dad's taking her to Europe.
House : They got a nine-hour layover in Newark on Thursday.
House : - If it's gastrointestinal... - You lied to avoid seeing your own mom.
House : Are you kidding? I can't lie to my mom.
House : Seriously, I can't.
House : Wilson's invited me to dinner.
House : It'd be rude to stand up a guy who just loaned me 5 grand.
Foreman : Transverse myelitis.
Foreman : Could cause numbness, anal sphincter dysfunction,
Wilson : and the shocks.
House : Thank you for taking no interest in my mother.
House : But that begs the question,
Cameron : what caused the transverse myelitis?