UNK: Older Guy : I need the numbers on D-Port Technology.
Taddy : Yes, sir.
UNK: And, Doctor, why don't you leave a card on your way out?
Cameron : Except for one guy with a rash,
Cameron : no one else on the trip has any health issues.
Wilson : What kind of rash?
Taddy : I don't know, I took some scrapings,
Chase : it doesn't appear to be ringworm.
House : What did it look like, aside from "not ringworm"?
Cameron : Basically like diaper rash.
Cameron : He's been working around the clock,
UNK: he said he hasn't changed his clothes in three days.
Chase : Kaposi's Sarcoma can look like diaper rash.
UNK: Any discoloration around the edges?
House : Get him in here. We all wanna take a look.
Foreman : Even if it is Kaposi's, it's not related.
Foreman : Our patient doesn't have any skin symptoms
Foreman : and we've already ruled out cancer.
House : What are the odds of two friends
UNK: who just returned from a trip outside the country
House : coming down with unexplained but unrelated illnesses?
House : - Get him in here. - He won't come.
Cameron : Just started a new job after graduation,
Cameron : they're working on some big merger.
House : Tell him his friend's life hangs in the balance.
Cameron : That's what I told him the first time.
Cameron : Still wound up driving into Manhattan.
House : Tell him his life hangs in the balance.
House : Tell him the rash is flesh-eating,
UNK: and the next course on the menu is his frank and beans.
Cameron : Where's Stacy?
Cuddy : Speaking at a conference in Baltimore. Why, what do you need?
UNK: Can I subpoena a patient?
Cameron : House wants me to lie to the kid to get him in here.
Cuddy : Well, then you'll be the one getting the subpoena.
UNK: Well, we do need him to diagnose his friend.
Cuddy : Take the test to the kid.
Cameron : There is no test, House just wants to look at it.
UNK: Then take House to it.
UNK: Yeah, like that's gonna happen.
Cuddy : Tell House his parents called.
Cuddy : Said they were coming in early.
Cuddy : He'll go anywhere just to avoid them.
UNK: So, it's okay to lie to House but not to a patient?
UNK: Yup.
Foreman : - What's wrong? - His stomach's getting a lot worse.
Chase : It's rigid!
Chase : He's bleeding into his abdomen!
Ken : What's going on?
Foreman : - We need a surgeon and an OR, stat! - On it.
Ken : Try to hang in there, Carnell.
Chase : The infection caused a perforation in his sigmoid colon.
Chase : It's repairable.
Foreman : But it means the antibiotics aren't working.
House : Double the dose, and add Tygacil to the list.
Foreman : Soon as he's out of surgery.
House : Where's Richie Rich?
Cameron : He said he can't leave work.
House : Yeah, you told me that two hours ago.
UNK: I'm not gonna lie.
House : Why, 'cause it's wrong? Or because you're a coward?
Cameron : Tough choice.
UNK: You'd be wasting two hours of the kid's time.
House : Is that deeply and unforgivably morally wrong? No.
House : Because it's not a waste of his time. Unless we're wrong.
UNK: Unless his condition's got nothing to do with his friend's.
House : You're just afraid of being wrong.
Cameron : Your parents called.
UNK: - They had to catch an earlier... - You don't have to lie to him.
Cuddy : Kid's on his way here.
Cameron : He got off work?
Cuddy : Yeah, by vomiting blood. Ambulance is 10 minutes out.