Chase : It doesn't matter if she believes him or not, it's already in the chart.
Chase : We're supposed to find out what's missing.
Wilson : Well, this... This is perfect.
House : Invite me to dinner on Thursday night.
House : Come on, we haven't had a nice meal together since...
Wilson : Yesterday, when I loaned you $5,000 to buy a new car.
House : My treat.
Wilson : Two-wheeled vehicles that travel 150 miles an hour
Wilson : don't really go well with crippled, irresponsible drug addicts.
House : Actually, two-wheeled vehicles that go 180 miles an hour do not go well
House : with healthy, responsible architects
House : who don't know how to separate braking and turning.
House : Good news is, it brings the price right down.
Wilson : - You're taking it back. - Mom!
House : How about we talk about this over dinner?
Wilson : Forget dinner, you're gonna kill yourself!
Chase : - Nice bike! - Thank you.
House : See, that's how you do it. Compliments, dinner.
Cameron : What do you do with your cane?
House : If he buys me dinner, he'll find out.
House : Evel Knievel had the same setup.
Cameron : And he broke every bone in his body.
UNK: We went through all the imaging studies and redid the blood cultures.
House : I don't want hand-me-downs, I want brand-new stuff.
Foreman : Well, there's nothing... There's nothing missing!
House : Sorry, I didn't catch that last part!
UNK: There's... There's...
Foreman : There's nothing else we can do.
UNK: - Did you check the police report? - On what?
House : On his mom's car accident.
UNK: That was 15 years ago. The kid wasn't even in the car.
House : She veered off a straight, dry road in broad daylight.
House : That doesn't seem odd to you?
Foreman : She probably got distracted changing radio stations or something.
House : That's what the police thought.
House : Of course, they didn't know that she has a family member
House : who is frequently incapacitated by shock-like sensations.
UNK: - A genetic component seems unlikely. - But it's interesting.
UNK: Type II neurofibromatosis could cause the shocks.
Foreman : You knew this was missing?
House : I knew something was missing, maybe this, maybe something else.
House : Get a DNA analysis of the long arm of chromosome 22.
House : You'd rather have dinner with your wife?
Wilson : Yes, I would. If she were speaking to me.
House : Unlike her, I could make it worth your while.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Shall I drive?
UNK: No.
Wilson : And I'm not letting you in my car until I see your wallet.
Foreman : NF2. It's an inherited disease.
UNK: It could cause abnormal growths on the cranial nerves.
Foreman : It would explain the shocks and other symptoms.
Cameron : DNA analysis will show whether your son
Cameron : has the specific chromosome mutation
Cameron : which causes the disease.
Ken : But if it's inherited, that means someone else in our family would have it.
Foreman : We think your wife may have had it.
Ken : No. She never had any sort of health problems.
Cameron : No odd-looking freckles, nodules in the iris?