Foreman : Well, we've ruled out cancer and MS.
Foreman : Leaves infection.
UNK: If there was infection, there'd be a fever.
Chase : And his blood and CSF cultures are all negative.
Foreman : Maybe the infection's gone but the memory remains.
House : Molecular mimicry.
UNK: Nice.
House : Okay, get an immunoglobulin level and electrophoresis.
House : You're good, my friend. I'm sure we'll meet again.
UNK: Do you really think that was his mom on the phone?
Chase : Probably, don't know why he'd lie about that.
Foreman : Who cares?
Cameron : You're not the least bit curious what his parents are like?
Foreman : I'm sure his mom's a piece of work.
Foreman : Only a mother could do that much damage.
Chase : My bet's he was born the way he is.
Chase : Probably tormented his parents, not the other way around.
Foreman : Yeah, he was either a fast runner or one hell of a fighter.
Foreman : Where are you going?
Cameron : You guys can handle the tests, right?
Cameron : Is there something important that you and House need to discuss over dinner?
Wilson : Other than the skyrocketing
Wilson : interest rates on personal loans?
Wilson : You know, this is the fourth time I've loaned him money.
UNK: Not lunch money, money-money.
Cameron : House's parents.
Cameron : They have a layover in Newark Thursday evening.
UNK: - I'm canceling dinner. - No.
UNK: I thought maybe you could just invite a few more people.
Foreman : An infectious agent's molecular structure
Foreman : can resemble the spinal cord's.
UNK: And when the immune system attacks the infection,
Foreman : it ends up attacking the spinal cord's as well.
Ken : So he has an infection?
UNK: They just said I don't.
UNK: Even after the infection is gone, it goes right on attacking
Foreman : because the spinal cord is still there.
Ken : Is there a treatment?
Chase : Depends on what the original infection was.
Chase : All right, you're done.
Chase : You need to lay flat after a lumbar puncture for about an hour.
UNK: I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
UNK: Hey, Dad, can you get me a Coke, please?
Ken : Yeah, that usually helps.
Chase : You're done.
Foreman : If you're nauseous...
Carnell : No, I'm not nauseous. I just want him out of here.
Chase : He's your dad. He's gonna be around.
Carnell : Yeah, I know.
Carnell : It's not that, it's...
House : Are these people completely incapable
House : of telling the truth to each other?
Chase : He went to Jamaica with his friends.
House : No wonder he lied.
House : Children aren't supposed to have good times.
Foreman : One of his friends flew them down.
Foreman : Carnell's dad has this thing about him accepting stuff from rich friends.
UNK: He wants him to remember who he is, where he came from.
House : Where have you been?
Cameron : Making dinner plans. What's up?
House : The boys have uncovered the shocking fact
House : that the patient has a crappy relationship with his dad.
Cameron : - They seem to actually care. - Well, I don't.
House : There's only one reason any kid with a plane flies to Jamaica.
Foreman : It wasn't for marijuana. He doesn't do anything but drink.
UNK: He said that to you or his pops?
Cameron : Tox screen was negative for THC.
House : Spring break was over a month ago.
House : Even pot would have washed out by now.
Foreman : Even if he'd smoked,
Foreman : no way marijuana causes transverse myelitis.
House : True. But the stuff they put on it does.
UNK: Pesticides.
UNK: Well, why would he come clean about the trip but lie about smoking pot?
UNK: He wouldn't necessarily have to smoke to get pesticide poisoning.
Chase : He could have eaten fruit that'd been sprayed,
Chase : or been exposed through his skin on a hike.
House : Or he could have smoked it. A lot of it.
House : Then lied about it because that's what this family does.
UNK: Start him on IV pralidoxime. Two grams per liter,
UNK: and then one gram every eight hours until you see some improvement.
Foreman : You have no evidence to support a poisoning diagnosis.
UNK: Which is why it's gonna be so cool when I turn out to be right.
UNK: Cameron.
House : Who are you making dinner plans with?
Cameron : No one.
House : You bastard.