Foreman : People aren't supposed to just dump radioactive material.
Ken : But they do.
Ken : So, what now? I mean, what do you do?
Foreman : Anyone who's had contact with the source
Foreman : will have to immediately get treatment for radiation sickness.
Foreman : Taddy carried it on his lap on the flight.
Ken : So there is a treatment?
UNK: Transfusions.
UNK: And we try to get the fluids and electrolytes balanced.
UNK: Carnell,
Foreman : he's had much more exposure.
Foreman : The equivalent of about 70,000 chest X rays.
Foreman : His ability to create white blood cells has been completely destroyed.
UNK: And that's why he can't fight off this infection?
UNK: Yeah. He's gonna need a bone marrow transplant.
UNK: And we did another PET scan.
Foreman : There's a cavernous angioma within his spinal cord, it's a tumor.
Foreman : That's what's been causing the shocks and CNS symptoms.
UNK: He has a tumor inside of his spinal cord?
UNK: The cord is made of strands
Foreman : put together, sort of like a kite string.
Foreman : The surgeon should be able to pull the strands apart and excise the tumor.
UNK: But surgery on someone who's as hemopoetically compromised as your son
UNK: is extremely risky.
UNK: And,
UNK: if you don't do the surgery? I mean...
UNK: The tumor could cause his breathing to stop.
Foreman : Possibly his heart as well.
Foreman : There's no way you could have known.
UNK: Now, you're gonna have to come with us.
Foreman : You need to start treatment yourself.
Ken : No. No, no.
Ken : I can start my treatment later.
Foreman : But he can't.
Foreman : He needs to be in a sterile isolation room to prevent further infections.
Ken : - Mom. - We're early.
House : - It's great to see you. - Oh, Greg, don't lie.
Mom : We came at a bad time, didn't we?
UNK: Actually, yeah, I think I have to take a rain check.
UNK: Oh, plans have been made. Wilson made them.
House : I asked him to cancel.
UNK: I'm dealing with a kind of a complicated case right now so...
Dad : Well, we'll just come back
Dad : when things aren't so out of control.
House : My team is busy.
UNK: You don't wanna see us.
House : Mom, don't make me feel guilty.
Mom : No, no, of course not. Sorry.
House : I've got a patient who's probably gonna die of radiation poisoning.
Dad : So that means you can't eat?
Dad : Come on, let's grab a bite in the cafeteria.
UNK: I'll buy you a Reuben.
House : Well, I guess I got time for a sandwich.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Yeah?
Cameron : I just wanted to let you know
Cameron : that Carnell's prepped for surgery.
House : Thank you.
Cameron : Hi, I'm Allison Cameron. I work with your son.
Dad : Greg's told us all about you.
UNK: Really?
Dad : New, huh?
House : Nope, just gullible.
Dad : I'm sorry, I was just making fun of my son,
Dad : not of you.
Mom : We were just about to go to get something to eat,
Mom : would you care to join us?
Cuddy : You don't have a lot of time with your son.
Cameron : Maybe another time.
Surgeon : - Do you like the Beatles? - They're all right.
Surgeon : My 12-year-old just turned me back on to them.
UNK: McCartney's gotta have more money than God.
UNK: I think that's all of it. Reverse him.
Surgeon : How's he doing?
Chase : - Looks pretty good down here. - Do I rock, or what?
Nurse : His pressure's dropping!
Surgeon : - Give him another two units. - I did already!
Chase : His heart rate's falling.