UNK: Never.
Danny : He was good at it.
Danny : Made sure he never did anything
Danny : that couldn't be covered up by a sweatshirt.
Masters : I'm sorry.
Danny : No, don't be.
Danny : I'm not.
Danny : The past is the past, that's why I don't like talking about it.
Cuddy : You can't ride that thing in here.
House : Speaking of things, I'm having one on Friday.
House : If you want to drop by, we'd love to have you.
House : No pressure.
Cuddy : You're still standing on it.
House : So I am. Perhaps you're not familiar
UNK: with the New Jersey handicap ordinances.
Cuddy : Or perhaps I am.
Cuddy : They apply to wheelchairs and powered scooters only. Not toys.
House : Have you any idea how much this toy costs?
Cuddy : I don't care.
House : For some reason, my leg's been hurting a lot this week.
House : For some reason, I still don't care.
House : Fine. I'll return it.
Danny : Do I have to walk it out of here?
UNK: Stop.
Cuddy : I'll make an exception, for your leg.
Cuddy : But next time, check with me first.
UNK: Congratulations on your engagement.
House : I hear a strange voice.
UNK: A very soft-Iooking man.
Dominika : Must be the Wilson.
House : I know we said no secrets,
House : but I think I need to take this alone, honey bunny.
UNK: Okay.
Dominika : Nice to be meeting you.
Wilson : You're trying to screw with Cuddy.
House : Yeah, it's the classic "you dumped me
UNK: "so I'm gonna get married a week later" ruse.
House : 'Cause not only is she that stupid,
House : but apparently I'm that stupid.
Masters : Then what? You're openly mocking marriage?
Wilson : Trying to prove it means nothing?
House : It doesn't,
House : but you proved that yourself years ago.
Wilson : I'd love to keep guessing, but I've got people with tumors waiting.
Wilson : Why do you want us to think that you're getting married?
House : Only one theory left. I am.
House : Dominika needs a green card.
Wilson : So you're just doing some random stranger a favor? It's illegal.
Wilson : People go to jail for that, pay huge fines.
House : Have you seen me practice medicine?
House : You know how much it costs to have a live-in maid,
House : personal assistant, cook, massage therapist, whore?
Masters : I do.
House : She's willing to work four days a week for free.
House : It's gonna save me about $33,000,
UNK: and all I have to do is say two stupid words, "I do."