UNK: Apparently, he was clinically dead
Masters : for several seconds when he OD'd.
Masters : The dark spots could be brain damage from oxygen starvation.
House : Except it's not.
House : I've seen MRI imagery like that
House : in schizophrenics. Three serving two.
Masters : But schizophrenia doesn't explain
Masters : why his blood pressure skyrocketed
Masters : and he threw up in the MRI.
Chase : Panic attack. He's claustrophobic.
Chase : He was fine once we let him out.
Foreman : The dysosmia and tunnel vision could be hallucinations.
Taub : Except, as was already covered,
Taub : he was screened for mental illness down in the ER.
Dominika : In your head!
UNK: It's face.
Dominika : On your face!
House : Close enough.
House : The ER docs missed it because he didn't present with major symptoms yet.
House : We're seeing it in its infancy.
Masters : So we treat him, and then what?
Masters : He becomes just another schizophrenic
Masters : homeless man wandering the streets.
Masters : - We have to help him. - I'd love to,
House : but I got four million other crazy people
House : ahead of him on my to-do list.
House : Along with milk.
Wilson : You two spent months trying to figure out a way to date
Wilson : and not have it affect your working relationship.
Wilson : Now you need to do the same thing for not dating.
House : No, I don't.
Wilson : This is serious.
Wilson : Did you know that she's...
House : She's dying of guilt and feels horrible for dumping me.
House : It's great.
House : Not the dumping part,
House : but the part where she'll now let me do whatever I want.
Wilson : So you're just trying to punish her?
Wilson : She feels bad and your only goal is to take advantage?
House : That's not true. I have plenty of goals.
House : One of them is a 60-inch flat screen, right there.
Wilson : You're a lot of things, House, but you've never been a sadist.
Wilson : You're pummeling an opponent who isn't fighting back.
Masters : I already gave him his second dose
Masters : of clozapine, you don't need...
Taub : I'll bet you 50 bucks his favorite sport is hockey.
Masters : How could you possibly know that?
Taub : Just a hunch.
Taub : How you feeling?
Danny : My arm kind of hurts.
Taub : I'll talk to the nurse about upping your pain meds.
Danny : Hockey, eh?
UNK: Oh.
Taub : My nephew bought it for me. Knows I'm a huge fan.
Danny : I hate hockey.
Masters : If this is schizophrenia,
Masters : you're gonna need regular care.
UNK: I've found some shelters
Masters : that have full-time medical staff
UNK: and also offer college...
Danny : My arm really hurts.
Masters : Let's have a look.
Danny : It feels like it's on fire.
Taub : We need to take a look under the bandages.
Danny : No, no, no, not that one. This one.