Danny : I think there's something wrong with my eyes.
Foreman : What is it?
Danny : It's like I'm looking at you from the bottom of a well.
Masters : If we add tunnel vision to the dysosmia,
Masters : we can subtract the bone-induced abdominal bleeding.
Taub : I thought the dysosmia was from heroin.
Masters : He said he never snorted, he just shot up,
Masters : so that wouldn't have affected his sense of smell.
Taub : And we believe the lying liar why?
UNK: House.
Foreman : Are you even listening to us?
House : I'll start when you decide what the symptoms are
House : and give me some theories.
Taub : If we combine the dysosmia with the tunnel vision,
Taub : the symptoms fit for western equine encephalitis.
House : But the patient doesn't. No fever.
UNK: Ow.
Taub : What the hell?
House : Negative reinforcement.
Foreman : What about Foster-Kennedy syndrome?
Chase : He could have a meningioma, or plasmacytoma,
Chase : started by pressing on his olfactory nerves, affects his sense of smell,
Chase : and now it's growing and pressing on his optic nerve.
UNK: Good. MRI his head and find it.
Cuddy : Your potential donation could...
House : Hey, hey.
UNK: Would have an immediate impact on our community.
UNK: We could extend our...
Danny : Something wrong? No.
Cuddy : I just think maybe it'll be a better idea
Cuddy : to have a tour of the clinic first.
Cuddy : It's right this way.
Cuddy : We have several patients that are children
Cuddy : and we find that it's important
Cuddy : to give them the opportunity to play
Cuddy : to make the hospital a less intimidating place.
Taub : We need you to stay still.
Chase : Give him a break.
Taub : You want him squirming around? We'll have to do it twice.
Chase : I want you to show him a little respect.
Taub : You really think this kid can turn his life around?
Chase : He believes God gave him a second chance.
Chase : That kind of belief can be powerful.
Taub : Masters doesn't surprise me,
Taub : he plays the fellow med student
Taub : who dreams of being a doctor and reels her in.
Taub : But you? Falling for his deep connection with God?
Chase : He has hope.
Chase : After all he's been through,
Chase : it kind of makes me root for him.
Taub : We don't even know who he is,
Taub : except that he lies about who he is.
Taub : The bit about his abusive father is probably all made up.
Chase : And he faked the scars?
Taub : He's a punk, probably got in a lot of fights.
Taub : And he sucked you in using the dad story.
Taub : He's vomiting.
Chase : Should I ask him to stay still while he does that?
Taub : He has two dark spots in the parietal cortex.
Taub : They're not tumors, maybe some kind of injury or inborn defect.