Taub : There's only one Danny Jennings
Taub : that was in treatment at that time,
Taub : and he listed his father's address as his primary next of kin.
House : The "Well done" was for making it quick.
House : Now I'm gonna have to take that back.
Taub : He lives about 30 minutes from the hospital.
House : And the reason you're continuing to talk instead of driving there?
Taub : Chase and Masters are already on their way.
Taub : Why didn't you ask me to be part of your wedding?
House : You're genuinely upset at being mockingly snubbed by a mock wedding?
Taub : Is it because I haven't been here as long as them?
Taub : Or is it that you really don't like me?
UNK: Or are you just screwing...
UNK: I'II...
Taub : I'll come back when she's finished.
House : She is.
UNK: Oh, my God, what did you think she was doing?
House : She's just installing the cable.
House : That's not a euphemism.
Dominika : Oh, I feel sorry for the little one.
Dominika : Isn't there something we can do?
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Can I help you?
Chase : We need to talk to you about your son Danny.
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Danny? Who are you? We're his doctors.
Chase : We need to know if you or perhaps his mother
Chase : have any family history of genetic disease.
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Why, what difference would it make?
Masters : You may not care about your son, but...
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Is that what Danny told you when he was in rehab?
UNK: Mr. Jennings : We didn't love him?
Chase : Not why we came here.
Chase : We just want to know if there's any
Chase : diagnosed genetic disease in your family.
Masters : We're trying to make your son better.
UNK: Better?
UNK: Mr. Jennings : He died of a drug overdose.
UNK: Mr. Jennings : We buried him three months ago.
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Who are you?
Danny : What are you doing?
UNK: Test.
UNK: Mr. Jennings : Who are you?
House : The important question is who are you?
House : Danny Jennings is dead,
House : which means that Danny Jennings has no pulse,
UNK: which you, on the other hand,
UNK: do.
House : Ergo, you are not Danny Jennings.
House : Or I did the test wrong.
House : So why don't you cut the crap and tell me your real name?
UNK: No.
House : Hiding your identity. Either you're a criminal or a superhero.
Danny : I'm not a criminal.
UNK: Awesome. What color is my underwear?
Danny : I'm not telling you my name.
House : No problem. I just need your father's name.
Danny : Forget it.
House : Care to tell me why?
Danny : He's looking for me.
Danny : He supposedly
Danny : cleaned up and got sober.
Danny : And now he...
UNK: He wants to be part of my life again,
Danny : and I can't let that happen.
House : You're a big boy now. You still think he can hurt you?
Danny : You don't get it.
Danny : If I ever see my Dad again,
Danny : I'll kill him.
Danny : What's happening to me?
House : Well, luckily for you, we don't need daddy to figure that one out.
Masters : Did you find out his real name?
House : Cerebellar Ataxia.
Masters : That's a weird name.
House : Guy whiffed twice trying to pick up a cup right in front of him.
House : That plus everything else...