House : means that we have whittled our list of genetic diseases
House : All the way down to one, early-onset Parkinson's.
Masters : After everything he's been through, now we have to tell him,
Masters : "Hey, you have an incurable disease
UNK: "that gets progressively worse."
House : You could lie, I'm fine with that.
House : But you'll probably both feel better
House : if you give him Levodopa and confirm with DNA tests.
Wilson : He's gone too far.
Wilson : He's taking up six handicapped spaces with a monster truck.
Cuddy : It's only four, and he's gonna get rid of it after the wedding.
Wilson : And the chapel? He's turned the chapel
Wilson : into his own personal catering hall.
Cuddy : Who cares? Other than a janitor sleeping off a bender,
Cuddy : he's the first person to use it in two weeks.
Wilson : Appeasement is never the answer
Wilson : in the face of naked aggression.
Wilson : It won't be long before his tanks
Wilson : are rolling down your Champs-Élysées.
Cuddy : I know what House is doing.
Cuddy : You, on the other hand, why do you care? He isn't hurting anyone.
Wilson : You're the first boss he's ever had who could handle him.
Wilson : Before you, he was either fired
Wilson : or buried under a mountain of malpractice suits.
Wilson : He needs someone to say no.
Wilson : He needs someone he'll listen to when they say no.
Wilson : If you really care about House,
Masters : you'll stop feeling sorry for him,
Wilson : and get out there and start kicking him where he needs kicking.
Cuddy : I changed my mind.
House : You want the fish instead of the chicken?
Cuddy : This room is for patients' families,
Cuddy : not for doctors trying to defraud the government.
House : Oh. So you've decided to take a moral stand?
UNK: Yes.
Cuddy : The chapel still has sanctity for some people.
House : You're right. I think I saw Blue the janitor
House : passed out in one of the pews last week.
UNK: It's Lou, and I would have thrown him out, too.
House : Where are we gonna go?
House : We got caterers staging everything downstairs as we speak.
UNK: We got floral arrangements, place settings, other weddingy stuff.
UNK: It's not my problem.
House : I sent out the invitations. People are coming here.
Cuddy : That's also not my problem.
Cuddy : And I want the TV back.
Danny : You should just let me die.
Danny : The world's better off without me.
Masters : It's normal.
Masters : People feel depressed when they get bad news
Masters : because it's bad news,
UNK: obviously.
Danny : I didn't OD by accident.
Danny : I was trying to kill myself.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because I've done things.
Danny : Horrible things.
Danny : I've hurt people.
UNK: But when I didn't die, I thought...
Danny : I thought God forgave me.
Danny : But he just wanted me to suffer,
Danny : and I deserve it. No.
Masters : You don't deserve it.
Danny : I had a girlfriend in college
Danny : and I almost killed her.
Danny : I just snapped
Danny : and I started hitting her.
Danny : And if her roommate hadn't come home...
Danny : I'm evil.
UNK: I'm just like my dad.
Danny : We're both monsters that deserve to die.
Danny : I can't... I can't...
Danny : I feel dizzy.
Masters : I need a crash cart in here!
Masters : His heart is dilated and failing.
Chase : And at the rate it's happening, he'll need a new one soon,
Chase : and there's no way we'll get him on the transplant list.
House : What are we missing?
UNK: Everything. We know nothing about this kid.
Chase : Except that he's gotten worse since we admitted him.
UNK: Why?
Taub : Most of our patients tend to do that, unless we cure them.
House : Yeah, but why so fast?
House : He had dysosmia for a couple of months,
House : never even came here to get it treated.
UNK: He was just a random burn victim.
House : We get him,
House : boom, he's got tunnel vision, peripheral polyneuropathy,
House : Cerebellar Ataxia and now cardiomyopathy.
House : What's different here than say,
House : living in a filthy state park?
Foreman : You think cleanliness is making him sick?
UNK: An allergic reaction?
Chase : We treated him with Vicodin, clozapine and one IV bag of Levodopa.
Taub : His condition started deteriorating before that.
House : Stop that man!
House : I need the meal card for the patient in 243.
House : He's eating healthy
House : because he can.
House : Most of the meals in here are vegetarian.