House : This is why we invented green cards.
House : Go x-ray the guy's abdomen,
House : if it'll make you feel all equal.
House : I need a favor.
UNK: I want to add my fiancée's name
House : to my health insurance a few days early.
House : She wants to get a tooth capped before the big day.
Cuddy : I'm not signing this. I agree.
House : I think she looks beautiful the way she is.
House : Oh, no. Wait. You're not signing that for moral reasons?
House : You're declaring yourself the sole arbiter of true love?
House : 'Cause you covered Taub's wife for years.
Cuddy : It's fraud.
House : She wanted me to bribe you like they do back in the old country.
House : Tell her what I said.
Dominika : This is America.
Dominika : The land of the home, and the free of the braves.
House : I just get teary-eyed every time I hear her say that.
House : She brought you a gift.
Dominika : Almond kulich.
Dominika : I make with own hands. It's delicious.
Dominika : Almond kulich.
UNK: How do you say no to that?
Cuddy : You realize if I do sign this
Cuddy : and you don't get legally married,
Cuddy : you'll lose your insurance with our carrier.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Fine.
Cuddy : It's your life.
Cuddy : I wish you both the best with it.
Foreman : Thank you.
House : North, Miss Teschmacher!
Masters : Your blood test was clean,
Masters : but your hair showed heroin use.
Danny : I've been clean over three months now.
Chase : How'd you kick it?
Danny : I had to die first.
Danny : I OD'd back in November.
Danny : And they said I was clinically dead for several minutes.
Danny : It was like God gave me a second chance
Danny : to do things right this time.
Chase : You're saying God cured you?
UNK: No.
Danny : State rehab cured me.
Danny : But I should be dead, but I'm not.
UNK: That has to mean something.
UNK: I mean, I must be here for a reason, right?
Masters : Did you figure out the reason?
Danny : My goal is to become a doctor one day.
Danny : I am smart.
Danny : I mean, I got a scholarship for pre-med out of high school.
UNK: Chase?
UNK: Look.
Masters : We found 13 masses spread across the wall of his colon,
Masters : ranging from 2 to 8 millimeters.
UNK: - They can't be tumors. - Edges are too sharp and defined.
UNK: I thought they might be parasites,
Chase : but we didn't see any movement between x-ray exposures.
Foreman : And no larvae or eggs were observed in any of the stool samples.
House : Which is kind of surprising
House : for a homeless junkie living in a park.
UNK: Ex-junkie. He claims he's been clean for over three months.
Masters : And he's not planning on staying homeless.
Masters : He's trying to protect his health,
Masters : which is why he's been taking vitamin supplements.
Masters : He wants to be a doctor.
Taub : He's just telling you what you want to hear.
House : Once an addict, always an addict.
Masters : Can you please not do that in front of me?
House : Doubt it.
House : You're the main reason I'm on the stuff.
House : We could be looking at fungal masses
House : hanging off the walls of his colon.
House : Start him on amphotericin B tonight,
House : and in the morning, run a scope up where the sun don't shine
UNK: and see if you can find any truffles.
Taub : I think we should boycott this wedding on principle.
Foreman : I kind of have to go.
UNK: His fiancée did give me a foot massage,
Foreman : and he invited me to be in his wedding party.
Taub : What about Chase? He ask him?
UNK: Yeah, he's in it.
Taub : What the hell?
Foreman : You just said you weren't even going.
Taub : I still have feelings.
Foreman : What's that?
Foreman : That's definitely not a fungus.
Taub : You were bleeding because you had
Foreman : 13 pieces of bone in your digestive tract.
Masters : We think you have pica,
Masters : a craving for non-food items.
Masters : That's caused by a chemical imbalance...
Danny : I didn't crave them.
Danny : I kind of volunteered to eat them.
Masters : What, why?
Danny : There's this great Italian restaurant I like to frequent.
UNK: And by restaurant I mean their dumpster out back.
Danny : The cook is kind of a friend of mine.
Danny : He challenges me to eat stuff.
UNK: Sometimes it's raw squid, or I have to chew on a chicken bone.
Danny : But if I do it, then he hooks me up with real food,
Danny : not just the garbage.
Masters : Great friend.
Foreman : These fragments could have perforated your colon and killed you.
Masters : You have to promise us you'll stop.