House : Adult Refsum disease.
UNK: It fits all the symptoms.
House : His body can't process the phytanic acid in chlorophyll.
House : It's his healthy diet of green vegetables that's killing him.
Masters : So if we change his diet...
Chase : We can save his life.
House : Run him through a plasmapheresis treatment
House : to remove the excess phytanic acid from his blood.
House : Confirm with gene testing.
UNK: Okay, I got to go get married.
Chase : They say true love doesn't exist anymore.
Chase : Maybe it never did.
Chase : So without further ado...
Chase : Do you, Dominika Patrova, take this man
Chase : to be your lawfully-wedded husband?
Masters : I do.
Chase : And do you, Gregory House, take this woman
Chase : to be your lawfully-wedded wife?
UNK: Yep.
Chase : Then by the power vested in me
Chase : by the state of New Jersey just for today,
Chase : I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.
Chase : Those of you with cameras, please feel free
Chase : to provide legal documentation.
Cuddy : It's okay, I'm just angry at myself.
Cuddy : Promised I wouldn't let this get to me, and it got to me.
Wilson : Just say the word, and we will climb out that window right now.
Cuddy : I wouldn't give House the satisfaction.
Wilson : You see? Things are getting back to normal.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Normal.
Masters : You feeling better?
Danny : So, all I have to do is eat the right kinds of food and I'll be okay?
Masters : Basically, yeah.
Masters : It's pretty limiting and it is for the rest of your life,
Masters : but if you follow the diet and get checked up regularly,
Masters : you should be fine.
Foreman : Thank you. Mmm-hmm.
Danny : For not giving up on me.
Masters : You're not a bad person.
Masters : You made mistakes, but we all do.
Masters : Maybe when you get out of here,
Masters : you can go talk to someone, a professional.
Danny : Yeah. Yeah, some of those places you suggested have people on staff.
Danny : You know, I think God really does have a plan for me.
Danny : And all this?
Danny : It was just his way of testing my resolve.
Danny : I wouldn't have passed it without you.
Masters : See you tomorrow, Danny.
Danny : That's not my real name.
Masters : Doesn't matter.
Dominika : I know this is not real marriage,
Dominika : but I really like you.
House : I like you, too.
Danny : I can't. Why not?
House : I never sleep with married women.
House : I'm going to bed. You can take the couch.
Masters : What's going on?
Foreman : Danny disappeared without checking out.
Masters : So you called the FBI?
Chase : We didn't call them, they just showed up.
Chase : Danny's DNA, when we sent it to the lab for testing,
Chase : it set off alarm bells all over the country.
Masters : Alarm bells for what?
Foreman : He's linked to 13 unsolved murders in 10 different states.
Chase : He's a serial killer who eats his victims.
Taub : And we saved him.