Wilson : And if she doesn't see it this way?
House : Ironclad pre-nup. We go our separate ways.
House : Your stunned look, I take it, is your way
House : of saying, "Brilliant idea, House."
UNK: Wow.
Masters : You look different.
Foreman : The prednisone has had time to work,
Foreman : so we need to give you the odor ID test now.
UNK: Sure.
Masters : We need you to tell us what you smell.
UNK: Oh.
Danny : Something spoiled, maybe rotting meat?
Foreman : It's baby powder.
Danny : I kind of like that one. Peppermint?
Foreman : It's extremely bad body odor.
Danny : You got to admit, that one's kind of a good deal for me.
Danny : My backpack. Oh. Where'd you find it?
Chase : In the park, right next to a big pile of questions.
Taub : What kind of drugs you shooting up?
Danny : Vitamin supplements. I've been trying to boost my immune system.
Danny : All right, test me if you don't believe me.
Taub : Ferris tell you his real name yet?
Masters : Peter Johnson.
Taub : Danny Jennings.
Danny : I bought those books used.
Taub : All from the same guy?
UNK: I'm sorry, but I think I should check out now and...
Masters : What's wrong?
Danny : Oh, my stomach...
Foreman : Gastrointestinal bleeding.
Masters : Is anyone else disturbed by this?
UNK: What?
Foreman : She offered.
Masters : Danny may have lied about his name,
Masters : but he was telling the truth about the vials.
Masters : Tests confirm they were vitamin A and B-12.
House : He also enjoys vitamin H.
House : Kid's a junkie.
Taub : Tox screens were negative for drug use.
House : His hair wasn't. I had it tested.
UNK: Because unlike Santa and the Easter bunny,
House : homeless, non-mentally ill 20-somethings
House : without drug problems don't exist.
House : He was a heavy user sometime in the last five months.
Foreman : - Wow, that was incredible. - Thank you.
UNK: No, thank you. I like men with the big, strong, sexy feet.
House : He really puts the mani in the pedi.
Foreman : If he has a history of snorting heroin,
UNK: he could've caused the dysosmia himself.
Masters : But we still need to explain the bleeding in his GI tract.
Chase : Vitamin injections could have caused that.
Chase : Hypervitaminosis A syndrome.
Masters : So his symptoms aren't connected?
Taub : House, you buying this?
House : Not usually.
UNK: But this guy has been sleeping on a bed of dog poop.
House : I wouldn't be surprised if he's got six different symptoms
House : for six different reasons.
Masters : The bleed could be caused by a GI obstruction.
House : Vitamin OD makes sense and it's easier to treat.
House : Give him tocopherol and zinc supplements for the excess vitamin A.
House : If we're right, he could go homeless tomorrow.
Masters : And if we're wrong, his intestines could get further distressed
Masters : while we ignore the GI obstruction.
House : See what happens when women don't have
House : to serve men to stay in the country?
UNK: They get all uppity.