Beckett : and we were wondering when was it that you last saw her?
UNK: She came by around 10 : 00 last night for a few minutes. Why?
Castle : Because she was killed around the corner from here just after leaving.
Margo : - That's terrible. - Yes.
UNK: Yes, it is. Would you mind telling us why she came by?
Margo : To apologize.
Beckett : For what?
Margo : After Penelope fired Hannah for the affair,
Margo : I hired her to develop a clothing line with my son, Stone.
Margo : I heard she had talent,
Margo : and it wouldn't hurt to get some screen time.
Margo : Bob and Hannah's affair has been the big story arc these past few months.
Margo : Three days ago, she was supposed to come by and present her ideas.
UNK: The Wives of Wall Street cameras were here and ready to roll,
UNK: and Hannah is a no-show.
Castle : Did she say why?
Margo : No. If it was anyone else, I would fire her.
Castle : But it didn't hurt that you had a little more screen time.
Margo : I know that's crass, but that's how this works.
Margo : When she came that night,
UNK: Hannah only said she was sorry and promised to recommit to her job.
Beckett : Did she tell you where she was going afterwards?
UNK: No. I, I assumed that she was going home.
UNK: And what did you do when she left?
Margo : I jumped on a conference call with my entertainment attorney
Margo : to discuss Stone and Ashley's spin-off.
UNK: So, phone records confirm that Margo made a 56-minute phone call
UNK: to her entertainment lawyer at 10 : 23 from her landline at the apartment.
Castle : You know, the truth is, anyone who subscribes to
UNK: the Wives Of Wall Street website
UNK: would've known that Hannah was at Margo's building
Castle : from that photo.
Castle : They send out text alerts any time there's a new post.
Castle : And they have hundreds of thousands of subscribers.
Esposito : Hey, I got a little mystery here.
Castle : You mean besides your Valentine's Day plans?
UNK: Shh!
Esposito : Hannah's financials.
Esposito : For the past two months,
Esposito : she's been making weekly cash deposits of five grand.
UNK: Now, I checked with her family, everyone on the show,
Esposito : no one knows where it's coming from.
Beckett : I take it she didn't make it selling Girl Scout cookies.