UNK: Boy, I wish I had had these reality shows in my day.
Martha : No script, overacting, screaming at everybody. What a gig.
UNK: Now, I have written new promo copy.
UNK: Proofread it.
Penelope : So, what's going on between you two?
Bob : Nothing. What do you mean?
Penelope : You're sleeping with her, aren't you, Bob?
UNK: Peter Monroe : No. No.
Penelope : Don't lie to me! You're screwing Hannah, admit it!
Penelope : Admit it!
Bob : Yes! All right?
Bob : I'm sorry!
Hannah : He chose me, Penelope.
Hannah : Deal with it.
Penelope : You come near me again and I will rip your throat out.
Announcer : Margo's son, Stone,
Announcer : who's learning the family business from mom,
Announcer : and Colette's daughter, Ashley,
UNK: budding ceramics entrepreneur, get engaged.
Announcer : Strap in as their moms get busy planning their fairytale wedding.
Announcer : The Shark Pool,
Announcer : with bad boy billionaire, Mike Chilean.
UNK: Mike Chilean : You're funded!
Alexis : Oh, my God, Dad.
Alexis : You're still watching?
UNK: I...
Castle : I can't feel my butt.
Castle : That's exactly what I mean.
Castle : Hannah didn't stand a chance.
UNK: I mean, she's a small-town, naive young woman,
Castle : she was chum to piranhas!
UNK: Yeah, but look what she did to Bob.
Castle : Okay, okay.
Bob : Do you really think that she played him?
Castle : That Penelope was right about that?
Gates : Oh, that girl was smarter than anybody gave her credit for.
Castle : You know what? I think you're right.
Gates : What about you, Detective?
Gates : Did you watch Wives of Wall Street last night?
Beckett : I watched an episode.
Castle : Just one episode?
Castle : That's like eating one potato chip.
Beckett : I usually just eat one potato chip.
Gates : So what's the status on the canvass, Detective?
Beckett : Uniforms are still making their way through every building
Beckett : that uses any trace of Alluaudia on the Upper East Side.
Beckett : So, nothing yet.
UNK: Yo, you guys aren't gonna believe this.
Esposito : The sketch of the guy that Hannah met in Brooklyn,
UNK: out at that little restaurant, just came in.
Beckett : Was anyone at the bar able to ID him?
Esposito : They didn't need to.
Castle : That's Mike Chilean!
Gates : The crazy billionaire?
Esposito : And the entrepreneur host of the Financial Channel's
Esposito : other hit reality TV show, The Shark Pool.
Gates : So, why would Hannah
Gates : ditch her shot to pitch Margo a clothing line
UNK: to meet with Chilean at a seedy bar in Brooklyn?
UNK: Mike Chilean : Meeting at that dump was her idea. Me, I'm more of a Le Cirque guy.
UNK: Mike Chilean : But she said she needed privacy.
Beckett : For what?
Chilean : We met last month at a Financial Channel party.
UNK: She was cute, and young.
Chilean : Then, a few days ago,
Chilean : she calls me out of the blue and asks to meet.
Beckett : So it was a date?
Chilean : That's what I thought, yes.
Chilean : But when I get there...
Chilean : She goes all Shark Pool on me,
Chilean : starts pitching her idea for
Chilean : a vegan, organic, hipster clothing line.
Beckett : Wait, she asked you to fund her clothing line?
Beckett : Margo Gower was set to back it on the show.
Chilean : That was the weird part.
Chilean : I was ready to offer her financing.
Chilean : Her name recognition from the show almost guarantees a profit.
Chilean : But then she says,
UNK: "What if I were to leave the show? Would that make a difference?"
Beckett : She told you that she might leave the show?
Chilean : Yep. So, I said,
UNK: "Yes, sweetie, that would make a big difference."
Chilean : Without the show, her brand isn't worth jack.