UNK: Like the antimony oxide we found, for example.
Castle : What is that for?
UNK: It's an opacifier. It makes things opaque.
Beckett : Only in this case, it seems to make things clearer.
Beckett : The knife that was used in Hannah's murder,
Beckett : we found traces of antimony oxide on it.
Beckett : From you.
UNK: No.
Castle : You got an alert on your phone from the fan site, didn't you?
Castle : That photo of Hannah at Stone's apartment.
Castle : I mean, you already had your suspicions,
UNK: it just confirmed your worst fears.
UNK: Peter Monroe : No. No.
Ashley : I think we're done here. I'm gonna go. Excuse me.
Ashley : Excuse me, I... Just let me find my keys and I will go.
UNK: Fine!
Ashley : I had my suspicions.
Ashley : And when I saw that picture, I grabbed the knife, just to scare her.
Ashley : But when I got there, Stone was kissing her!
Ashley : And saying he loved her!
UNK: I couldn't just let her steal my fiance!
Ashley : Our spin-off was in final negotiations, for God's sakes.
Ashley : So, when Stone left, I followed Hannah,
Ashley : I put an end to the threat.
Beckett : The next generation of The Wives of Wall Street,
Beckett : and Ashley takes it to a whole new level.
UNK: Well, maybe she was just following their motto,
UNK: "Don't let anyone stop you from getting what you want."
Beckett : As if being on TV somehow made her immune to the consequences.
Beckett : You know, at least we can tell Hannah's family
Beckett : that the affair wasn't real,
UNK: that she was actually planning on going home.
Beckett : Speaking of consequences,
Beckett : Why hasn't Gates said anything yet?
Castle : Yeah, I don't know.
Castle : Maybe she's choosing to ignore it.
Castle : Or just biding her time,
Castle : like a shark.
Ryan : Night, guys. Happy Valentine's Day.
Castle : Once more unto the breach?
Ryan : Actually, Jenny just texted me and I have the night off.
UNK: I mean, we'll probably still, you know,
Ryan : but tonight, it'll be for romantic reasons.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Hey, Espo, your date's here.
Castle : I knew they had plans.
Castle : You knew they had plans and you didn't tell me?
Beckett : Yeah, because she asked me to keep it a secret.
Beckett : This is a really big deal for them.
Beckett : She doesn't want you making fun of 'em.