UNK: Well, maybe it had something to do with where she was
Esposito : when she missed the pitch meeting with Margo on her fashion line.
Esposito : Credit card charge puts her at a dive bar in Brooklyn called The Last Stop.
Beckett : A dive bar? What was she doing there
Beckett : instead of at the most important meeting of her life?
Esposito : I don't know. The bartender said she was having
Esposito : a pretty heated discussion with some dude.
UNK: So I got the bartender sitting down with a sketch artist,
Esposito : see if we can figure out who he is.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Sorry, I had to run home and...
UNK: Cock-a-doodle-doo?
Esposito : That's good.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Uh, yeah.
Ryan : Tomorrow's going to be the least romantic Valentine's Day ever.
Ryan : - Oh, thank you. - Yeah.
UNK: So, I had Tech looking into Hannah's last 24 hours
Ryan : after her fight with Penelope and before showing up at Margo's.
Beckett : And did they find anything useful?
Ryan : They didn't find anything at all.
Ryan : She didn't make any calls, didn't answer any calls, sent no texts,
UNK: she didn't even log on to her e-mail or any other online accounts.
UNK: No digital fingerprint whatsoever.
UNK: Looks like she disappeared.
Castle : Why would she go radio silent for 24 hours?
Beckett : And where the hell was she?
Lanie : I'll tell you where she was.
UNK: Madagascar.
Castle : As in the country off the southeastern coast of Africa
Castle : made famous by the adorable animated film?
Lanie : Yep. The material I found underneath her fingernails?
Lanie : Not skin from an attacker.
Lanie : It's Alluaudia.
Beckett : And what is Alluaudia?
UNK: "A rare, spiny plant,
UNK: "cultivated primarily in Madagascar."
UNK: So, how did it get under her fingernails?
Lanie : Beats me. As for her defensive wounds,
Lanie : they were not sustained at the time of murder.
Lanie : They're from 24 hours prior.
Beckett : That's about the time that she went off the grid.
Beckett : Which means there's gotta be a connection.
Lanie : Well, I think there is.
Lanie : Remember this abrasion?
UNK: Javier Esposito : - Yeah. - Well, I figured out what caused it.
UNK: Her diamond tennis bracelet.
Castle : But wasn't that on her right wrist?