Gates : and then Hannah repays her
Gates : by screwing her worthless excuse of a husband.
UNK: You're a fan of Wives of Wall Street?
Gates : Oh, yeah. It's the best show on TV. Why?
Castle : I just assumed that a woman like you would prefer more sophisticated fare.
Gates : Excuse me? What did you just say?
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. What's up?
Lanie : I'm sending you a picture of a fingernail fragment
Lanie : I pulled from the victim's scalp.
Lanie : I figured it came from the killer during the attack.
UNK: he thought Hannah actually had feelings for him and everybody knew
Penelope : all she wanted to do was up her profile on the show.
Penelope : She was just using him!
Bob : It was true love. Hannah and I were in love.
UNK: Well, we know your wife, Penelope, and Hannah had a fight.
Esposito : Had things been escalating between them lately?
Bob : Hannah and I never talked about Penelope.
Ryan : But you lived with Hannah. Do you know where she was last night?
Bob : No. She didn't come home last night, and I didn't see her all day yesterday.
Ryan : Was that unusual?
Bob : Yeah, I was worried.
Bob : But do you really think Penelope could've killed her?
UNK: Hell, yeah, I wanted to kill her.
Penelope : But with all of America watching? How stupid do you think I am?
Beckett : What about the fingernail?
Penelope : The truth is,
UNK: Hannah and I did have a little dust-up.
Penelope : But not the night that she was killed. It was the night before.
Beckett : Okay, so what was the nature of this "dust-up"?
Penelope : We were filming confessionals.
Penelope : Hannah waited for me outside the studio,
Penelope : - said she wanted to talk. - About what?
UNK: Margo.
Penelope : Margo hired Hannah after I fired her ass.
Penelope : And no surprise,
Penelope : Hannah and Margo were having trouble at work.
Penelope : And, crazy as it sounds,
UNK: that bitch wanted me to re-hire her.
Beckett : Do you actually expect me to believe
Beckett : that she asked you for her job back after she ruined your marriage?
Penelope : Why do you think I lost it?
Penelope : I yanked her hair and broke my nail. But that was it.
Penelope : She broke free, took off,
Penelope : and that was the last I saw of Hannah.
UNK: And I suppose you won't mind me asking where you were
UNK: between 10 : 15 and 11 : 15 last night.
Beckett : Okay, so the kickboxing teacher at NoHo Gym
Beckett : confirms that Penelope was sweating her ass off downtown
UNK: in a class from 10 : 00 till 11 : 00.
Beckett : So, whoever killed Hannah, it wasn't Penelope Foster.
Castle : Okay, then. Where are we on the murder weapon?
Beckett : You know what? There's no fingerprints,
Beckett : but they did find antimony oxide on the knife's handle.
Castle : A fire retardant, if memory serves.
Beckett : And also, based on the wound,
Beckett : it looks like the knife was new or had never been used.
Esposito : Hey, guys. Check this out.
Esposito : A fan took this and posted it to
UNK: a Wives of Wall Street fan site the night of the murder.
Beckett : That's Hannah.
UNK: Yeah, and it was time-stamped.
Esposito : This is 20 minutes before she was killed.
UNK: Twenty minutes?
Castle : So that building must have something to do with the murder.
Castle : - Any idea where it is? - The photo wasn't geotagged.
Esposito : But you can see part of the building's number. Ends in 46.
Gates : And I can tell you who lives here. I know this building.
Gates : It's from the show.
Gates : This is Margo's place. Somewhere on the Upper West.
Gates : South of 83rd.
Beckett : Wait, that means Margo lives right around the corner
Beckett : from where Hannah was killed.
Stone : My mom's just wrapping up a call, but she'll be right out as soon as...
Margo : I will talk to you later.
Margo : Here I am. Thank you, sweetheart.
Margo : How can I help you?
Beckett : We just needed to go over the last 24 hours of Hannah's life