Bob : Ashley and Stone's engagement was
Bob : sucking up all the attention on the show.
Bob : Penelope's screen time was dropping, which was killing her clothing sales.
Bob : She was out of her mind.
Bob : So we came up with a plan.
Bob : Hannah was reluctant at first, but Penelope can be pretty persuasive.
UNK: So the $5,000 that Penelope was paying Hannah,
Beckett : that was to fake a relationship?
Bob : We never intended for it to end like this.
Beckett : What happened, Bob?
UNK: Building Manager : The other night,
UNK: after taping her confessional, Hannah said she needed to talk.
Bob : Well, the three of us couldn't be seen together,
Bob : so we met at the apartment.
UNK: She told us she couldn't bear
Bob : everyone thinking she was this home-wrecker.
Bob : She couldn't go on living a lie.
UNK: Yeah, she said she was gonna go public.
Bob : Reveal the affair had been faked all along.
Beckett : That's a pretty big bombshell. How'd you guys take it?
Bob : How'd we take it? We panicked.
Bob : If we let her go through with it, it would blow up the show.
Bob : We'd lose all credibility,
Bob : no one would buy Penelope's clothes anymore.
Bob : Plus, we'd be in breach of contract
Bob : and the show could sue us for every cent we had.
Bob : Our whole lives would be ruined.
Beckett : So then you guys tied her up?
Bob : We didn't know what to do.
UNK: So, a whole day went by,
Bob : we realized we couldn't hold her forever.
Bob : So we made a call.
UNK: So who'd you call?
UNK: Bob!
Beckett : Who'd you call?
Bob : Peter Monroe.
UNK: The Wives of Wall Street producer?
UNK: Hey, we needed help.
Bob : It's his show. He had as much to lose as we did.
Beckett : What did you tell him?
UNK: Everything.
Bob : Then he came over and told Penelope and me to leave,
Bob : that he would handle Hannah.
UNK: And we thought he was just gonna talk some sense into her, you know,
Bob : maybe sweeten her deal.
Bob : But the next thing we knew, Hannah was dead.
Jeff : I'm so sorry, sir. I tried to stop them, but...
Peter : - Jeff, get out of here. - Right.