House : I was just tired and dehydrated...
Thirteen : Yeah, whenever I lose some shut-eye,
Thirteen : I pound my legs clawing at imaginary ant colonies.
Thirteen : You have a severe B12 deficiency.
Thirteen : Get back in bed.
Thirteen : I'm sure your boss can do without you for a few days.
UNK: It's not about her, it's about me.
Lou : I want to be there, I want to matter.
Thirteen : Yeah, I mean, without you, who knows how much starch they'd put in her shirts?
Thirteen : I'm sorry, I'm sure your boss depends on you for...
Lou : I need to get up. No, you need to stay in bed.
UNK: Please, where's the bed pan? Oh, my God, I'm sorry, I just...
Lou : I just had a bowel movement.
House : It's okay, B12 deficiency can cause sudden...
Thirteen : That's not a bowel movement.
House : My patient is still fighting in the feminist trenches, but the war is over.
House : Yesterday's sluts are today's empowered women,
UNK: today's sluts are celebrities. If that isn't progress...
Wilson : I'm leaving.
UNK: What, you're gonna take another two months?
House : Boy, you're really milking this bereavement thing, aren't you?
House : I mean, good for you. Take all the time you need.
Wilson : I'm resigning.
Wilson : Maybe moving out of New Jersey, I don't know yet.
House : Okay, that's an understandable reaction.
UNK: It's not a reaction, it's a decision.
Wilson : I'm writing Cuddy my resignation right now.
Wilson : I'm just back for the week to wrap up my clinical and administrative duties.
House : You of all people should know, this is bereavement 101.
House : You think that a change in venue...
Wilson : Well, that spares me decades of psychoanalysis.
House : I'm not saying you're not in pain.
Foreman : You're saying my pain's a cliché.
House : I'm saying that pain fades.
Wilson : Did yours?
House : Physical pain is different.
Wilson : I'd rather have my leg chopped off.
House : You don't know that 'cause you haven't felt...
Wilson : Neither have you.
UNK: Sorry, patient's got a rectal bleed.
UNK: I'm busy. We need you to...
House : Actually, as you can see, I'm not busy.
Patty : It was just a euphemism for "get the hell out of here."
House : This is your grief talking, and, yeah, it is a bit textbook.
House : So before you give away all your possessions to the Salvation Army...
Wilson : My girlfriend's dead.
Wilson : I'm glad you've read that book before, I haven't.
UNK: I'm late to meet Dr. Olan to brief him on the cases I'm handing over.
UNK: Bye.
Thirteen : It doesn't bother you that House wouldn't take
Thirteen : just two seconds to talk about the patient?
Taub : Wilson's dealing with a lot.
Thirteen : And our patient may be dying.
Taub : She was bleeding out her rear, we're looking up her rear.