House : Those aren't bruises, they're mycobacterial lesions.
House : She has diffuse lepromatous leprosy,
UNK: must've caught it on one of her overseas estrogen tours.
House : Chemo wipes out some of the bacteria, she feels a little better,
House : wipes out most of her immune system, she gets a whole lot worse.
UNK: Leprosy? Like where my limbs fall off?
UNK: Actually, this is the flattering one. It's also known as "pretty leprosy".
UNK: Doesn't disfigure, makes your skin look younger, smoother.
UNK: Don't let the girls hear, they'll all want to lick your face.
UNK: Unless you're that kind of feminist.
UNK: Blast her with antibiotics and prednisone, she'll be fine.
UNK: Damn, it's after 4 : 00. I'm late.
UNK: Damn. What?
Taub : She's happy you're gonna be fine,
Taub : but she'd be happier if you were gonna be fine five minutes ago.
UNK: Test confirmed Dr. House's diagnosis.
Lou : Thank God.
Thirteen : When you got pregnant,
Thirteen : the physical stress triggered e-nodosum leprosum,
Thirteen : a common complication of leprosy.
Thirteen : Inflamed the nerves to your heart, made it hard to absorb vitamins,
UNK: scarred your fallopian tubes. It explains everything.
Lou : Better prescribe me some skin cream, too, huh?
Thirteen : You might want it for those job interviews.
Lou : I'm going back on the road with Patty. My replacement flamed out.
Lou : She says I can manage some projects on my own, carve out more of a role.
Patty : Do you really think she can change?
Wilson : I don't know.
Lou : The truth is I'm not sure I...
Thirteen : You can change.
UNK: No.
Lou : I'm not sure I want her to change.
UNK: If she's reasonable, if she's just another employer,
Lou : then I'm just another employee.
Lou : In a weird way, I matter.
House : I like you better now that you're dying.
Thirteen : I was wrong.
House : You took a shot.
Thirteen : She's going back to work for that idiot. It's pathetic.
House : You thought something would change?
Thirteen : She almost died because of that job. Yeah, I thought...
House : Almost dying changes nothing.
House : Dying changes everything.
House : I'm sorry. I know I didn't try to kill her,
House : I know I didn't want her hurt, I know it was a freak accident,
House : but I feel like crap, and she's dead because of me.
Wilson : I don't blame you.
Wilson : I wanted to. I tried to.
UNK: I must've reviewed Amber's case file a hundred times to find a way...
Wilson : But it wasn't your fault.
House : Then we're okay?
Thirteen : I mean, I know you're not, but maybe I can help.
Wilson : We're not okay.
Wilson : Amber was never the reason I was leaving.
House : I didn't want to tell you because...
Wilson : Because I was trying, like I always do, to protect you,
Wilson : which is the problem.
Wilson : You spread misery because you can't feel anything else.
Wilson : You manipulate people because you can't handle any kind of real relationship.
Wilson : And I've enabled it for years, the games, the binges,
Wilson : the middle-of-the-night phone calls.
Wilson : I should have been the one on the bus, not...
Wilson : You should have been alone on the bus.
Wilson : If I've learned anything from Amber, it's that I have to take care of myself.
Wilson : We're not friends anymore, House.
Lou : I'm not sure we ever were.