House : Same time next week?
Chase : You want me to do a second major surgery on a patient
Chase : we almost lost during a first major surgery
Chase : to see if she needs a third major surgery?
Foreman : We need a piece of the ganglioma.
UNK: Then you're talking about another patient,
Chase : yours doesn't have a ganglioma.
Foreman : And if there is one and you missed it?
Chase : Then you're talking about another surgeon, I didn't miss anything.
Foreman : But we're not talking about another videotape,
Foreman : this one showed a bump, we need to biopsy it.
Chase : A bump? Oh, yeah, my grandfather died of a bump.
Chase : She can't survive a second round of general anesthesia, let alone a third.
Thirteen : You'd do this for House.
UNK: Yeah.
Thirteen : Then what do you suggest?
Thirteen : Because the patient's got a high fever, a low heart rate,
Thirteen : and a dim chance of survival if we stand here like idiots.
Chase : Then I suggest you don't stand there like idiots.
Kutner : How do you get coal out of a mountain when it's someone else's mountain?
Kutner : If we don't have House, doesn't mean we can't think like House.
Thirteen : But it does mean we don't have to talk like him.
Kutner : You don't dig down. You go in from the side.
Kutner : We insert a lighted scope through the rectum,
Kutner : move the intestine till we find the ganglioma,
Kutner : then push it to the surface. Where we see the light, we cut.
Thirteen : We'll make as small an incision as we can,
Thirteen : but unfortunately it'll be very painful.
Thirteen : After your surgery experience, we can't give you anesthesia...
Lou : Can I talk to Dr. House?
UNK: No.
Thirteen : We can do this, we know what we're doing.
Lou : I don't mean to be insulting,
Lou : but my former boss didn't insist on me coming here because of you or...
Thirteen : Your former boss?
Lou : I've been replaced.
Thirteen : I'm sorry. I mean, you must be... I'm fine.
Lou : She has a big Beijing trip,
Lou : ton of work to do, she can't just wait for me to get better.
UNK: We've been well trained, we'll take good care of you.
Thirteen : How can you let her treat you like a footstool?
Lou : The world needs flunkies.
Thirteen : Don't say that, you're better than that.
Lou : I have no problem with it. Why do you?
Thirteen : Because life is short.
Thirteen : I mean, yours could've ended in that surgery.
Thirteen : You'd have never lived for yourself. What kind of feminist...
Thirteen : We can have anything. No, we can't.
Lou : We can aspire to anything. But we don't get it just because we want it.
Lou : I would rather spend my life close to the birds
Lou : than waste it wishing I had wings.
Foreman : You're through the sigmoid, into the descending colon.
Kutner : Switching on the light.
Thirteen : Advance toward the anastomosis.
UNK: Thirteen continues : That's it.
UNK: Thirteen continues : Push the wall of the intestine toward the skin.
Foreman : There, I see it.
Thirteen : Don't look down.
UNK: Scalpel.
Cameron : So your last day is Friday?
Wilson : I'm gonna miss you.
Cameron : You shouldn't go.
Wilson : Did House ask you to talk to me? Or are you trying to save the patient,
Wilson : because there'll always be another...
Cameron : House asked me.
Wilson : And you're doing it? I told him to go to hell.
UNK: Thanks.
Cameron : But I think he's right.
Cameron : You think you're making a rational choice. You think the worst is over,
Cameron : and then six months later, you look back and you realize
Cameron : you didn't know what you were doing.
Wilson : Are you saying the pain doesn't go away?
Cameron : It gets easier.
Cameron : Not in two months. Not in two years.
Cameron : But, no, it never really goes away.
Wilson : Being here, in this building...
Wilson : I was just in the lounge, I kept staring at Amber's locker.
Cameron : I saw a guy wearing a scarf this morning.
Cameron : The color reminded me of his eyes.
Cameron : We lived 500 miles from here.
Wilson : I have to do something.
Cameron : Then do it.
Cameron : But don't think it's the right choice, because there isn't one.
Taub : It's not a ganglioma, the problem wasn't the surgery.