Cameron : I'll miss you.
Cameron : I know you won't miss me, but...
Cameron : I just thought it would be nice for you to have that.
Cameron : I will miss you.
House : Can I have a hug, too?
UNK: The surgeon found nothing.
UNK: He can't start her heart.
House : What a thoughtful gift.
House : Nice reminder of intellectual theft
House : to hang at your new place of employment.
House : You two can go. Say hi to Chase for me.
House : You're wearing lipstick.
Cameron : We can stay. We can run another differential.
House : You two have no theories about why the heart stopped,
House : which means I don't need you. Go.
Foreman : It's too late for theories. We need to tell the husband.
House : Tell him what? That it's over.
UNK: Why? Because her heart won't start!
House : How can we tell him there's no hope
House : if we don't know why there's no hope?
UNK: He's not gonna pull the plug on his wife.
House : He risked his life to get her to me.
House : If he pulls the plug, it means he's failed.
House : If he pulls the plug, it means you've failed.
UNK: And you're okay with that?
UNK: Go.
UNK: PEOPLE CHATTERING
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Chase : You look great.
Cameron : You know House firing you has nothing to do with you.
Chase : The why doesn't matter.
Cameron : Foreman will end up staying, House will call you,
Cameron : probably yell at you for not showing up.
Esteban : It's okay.
House : He's right. It's time for a change.
Chase : You were right, too.
UNK: The whole "It's Tuesday, I like you." It was silly.
Chase : Oh, don't give me that look.
Chase : Don't feel sorry for me.
Chase : Getting this job was the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Chase : Everything about it. And losing it?
Chase : Well, I think it's gonna be good, too.
Cameron : I'll miss you.
Chase : Have you got time for a drink or something?
Cameron : I think I should go.
UNK: Yeah.
CUDDY : How's it going?
House : The way the security light hits your legs,
House : looks good.
House : Thank you.
House : If you're here to yell at me about
House : the Foreman-Chase situation, it can wait.
Cuddy : When do you plan on telling the husband
Cuddy : it's time to say goodbye to his wife?
House : Haven't put a clock on it.
Cuddy : Other than your curiosity, do you have any reason to keep her on bypass?
House : Patient's husband prefers her not dead.
UNK: Or you want a storybook ending
Cuddy : for the young man who crossed the ocean for his wife.
House : This is not an act.
House : I don't care. Then pull the plug!
House : What if I can fix it, but I just don't know it yet?
Cuddy : I know you care.
House : I don't care!
House : I really don't care.
House : My motives are pure.
House : If we do an autopsy and we see, "Oops,
UNK: "if I'd thought of that crazy idea, we could have saved her,"
House : then the husband might be upset.
Cuddy : You've done all you can do.
Cuddy : It's time to let go.
House : I was told you didn't believe in God.
Chase : I don't.
UNK: I promise my wife I'll do everything I can to fix her.
Esteban : If I don't pray, then I don't do everything.
House : It's not working. She's not coming back.
House : If you want to say goodbye, you can come down to the ICU,
UNK: and then I'll take her off bypass.
UNK: I'm sorry. I should have...
Esteban : Marina, I am so sorry.
Esteban : When you turn the machine off, that's it?
UNK: Yeah.
Esteban : Right now, is her brain working?
UNK: Probably. Just not her heart.
Esteban : She seems like she's just sleeping.
House : She's not sleeping.
House : We double-checked.