Foreman : Well, this is it.
Foreman : I appreciate the opportunity you gave me.
House : Didn't do it for you.
House : Thought you were the best guy for the job.
Foreman : Thanks, I guess.
House : Which is why I want you to stay.
House : You're an important part of the team.
House : I need you.
House : I know. But I don't need you.
Foreman : And I definitely don't wanna be you.
Foreman : You're miserable.
House : I just solved a case by predicting
UNK: a never-before-seen heart defect.
House : A case you couldn't solve.
House : A case you gave up on.
House : I couldn't be happier.
UNK: For two minutes, maybe.
Foreman : Until the next case comes along.
Foreman : Until you're jonesing for your next fix.
Foreman : This woman talks while in full cardiac arrest
Foreman : and you're more excited about the talking than the heart dying!
House : The two were connected.
UNK: I don't wanna solve cases.
UNK: I wanna save lives.
House : Do you think she cares?
House : Do you think the husband cares?
House : You think the children she can now have
House : because of me are gonna care why I saved her?
Foreman : I care. About yourself!
House : About your own ego! House.
House : You're the selfish bastard, not me,
UNK: which is why you took so much pleasure in drawing out
House : this little goodbye of yours for the last three weeks.
UNK: It wasn't for me, it wasn't for anyone!
UNK: It sure as hell didn't help anyone!
Wilson : Nice try.
House : Nice tries are worthless.
House : You now have a bigger office than I do.
House : Why don't you go enjoy it?
House : Better be naked pictures.
Cameron : My resignation letter.
Cameron : I've gotten all I can from this job.
House : What do you expect me to do?
UNK: Break down and apologize? Beg Chase to come back?
UNK: No.
Cameron : I expect you to do what you always do.
Cameron : I expect you to make a joke and go on.
Cameron : I expect you to be just fine.
Cameron : I'll miss you.
House : Genuine American cigars.
House : You guys can't get them in Cuba.
UNK: 100% healthy.
Esteban : Shouldn't you go home?
House : Patient follow-up. Very important.
House : She looks great. I think she's sleeping.
Esteban : She is sleeping, I double-check.
Esteban : So, they all quit?
House : Two of them quit. I fired the third.
UNK: It must be very hard to lose your people.
UNK: You must be very upset.
House : Yeah, I must be.
Esteban : But you're not?
House : I don't think I am.
House : I think I'm okay.
Wilson : What are you going to do?
House : God only knows.