UNK: ESTEBAN COUGHS
CHASE : Are you in any pain?
Esteban : No, I'm just sunburned.
Chase : Any blurred vision?
UNK: No.
Esteban : So my wife, she is with Dr. House?
UNK: She's with another doctor who is part of Dr. House's team.
Esteban : No, she's supposed to see Dr. House.
Esteban : We have permission.
UNK: That's the way it works with Dr. House.
UNK: I came 1,000 miles to see him!
Chase : He doesn't care.
Chase : I'm sorry, but that's who he is,
Chase : that's who you risked your life to see.
Chase : And you made the right choice.
Cameron : Any other metal?
Cameron : Must have been difficult on the boat.
Marina : When the storm came, yes, very much.
Marina : I pray while my husband, he...
UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
Marina : With the paddles?
Cameron : You were on a boat without a motor?
Marina : No, no, we start with a motor,
Marina : but it break on the first night.
Marina : My husband, he can fix anything.
Marina : A washing machine, a car, a computer.
UNK: But that is stupid motor.
Marina : And me.
Marina : These two he cannot fix.
Cameron : He got you to us.
Marina : He never gave up.
Marina : No matter what happen,
Marina : he kept saying to me, "Don't worry,
UNK: "we will make it.
UNK: "I'll take care of you."
UNK: That's Esteban.
Marina : He refuses to worry or pray.
Marina : He believe if you don't have one,
UNK: that you don't need the other.
CHASE : Husband has a pulled muscle in his shoulder,
UNK: but no other pains or double vision.
Chase : He does have a fever, fungal rash, cough, and elevated bilirubin.
Chase : Foreman's not going anywhere.
House : He said that to you?
House : He doesn't really wanna leave.
Chase : And you don't really wanna let him.
Chase : You'll cave, just like you did with Cameron.
House : Foreman's not as easy as Cameron.
House : But, of course, who is?
Cameron : I'm in the room.
Chase : He may not want a date, but he does want something.
UNK: Well, maybe it's something I can't offer.
Chase : Then you'll just lie.
House : He'd see through it. Maybe.
Chase : Or maybe he'll just see what he wants to see.
UNK: DOOR OPENING
Foreman : She has MS.
UNK: Explains the pain, fatigue,
Cameron : double vision, kidney problems.
Chase : The kidney problems aren't connected.
Chase : Her husband has the same issues.
Foreman : It is possible for two people to have
Foreman : the same symptom for two different reasons.
UNK: If we're gonna take that approach,
UNK: then we may as well just throw out
Chase : everything we got from the husband and start over.
Foreman : We could do that, or we could do something productive.
Foreman : Start her on Interferon for the MS,
Foreman : see if she improves.
House : I do like being productive.
House : Well done. Do it.
UNK: "Well done"? Is that what you think he wants, a pat on the head?
House : Go do your job.