Beckett : If by screwing around, you mean intentionally putting a bullet
Beckett : in a chamber, knowing that Max was gonna shoot Donny, then yes.
Beckett : - You and I are in total agreement. - Detective Beckett...
Beckett : If the point of the game was to shoot without bullets,
Beckett : then why would you have bullets, unless you intended to use them?
Spencer : I told you. I didn't know there were any bullets in the gun.
UNK: Well, somebody did. And I think whoever it is, killed Max.
UNK: Your gun, your bullets. From where I'm standing, Spencer, you did it.
UNK: So, where were you between 6 : 30 and 9 : 00 last night?
UNK: Uh...
Spencer : At my dad's club, The Century, with Brandon.
Spencer : You better hope that Brandon corroborates that.
Brandon : Look, I know Romy and Spencer told you guys everything
UNK: and that we're all in big trouble.
Brandon : - But I'm glad. - You're glad.
UNK: Yes. We should have just come clean with you guys after the accident.
Beckett : - You're damn right you should have. - I know.
UNK: But we didn't wanna screw Max over.
Castle : That's why you fingered the drug dealer, right?
Castle : - 'Cause he's expendable. - I told Romy that was wrong,
UNK: but she wanted to protect Max.
UNK: And that junkie's the one who got Donny into dealing in the first place.
Beckett : So where were you when Max was killed?
Brandon : With Spencer, at his dad's club. Ask him. He'll confirm it.
Beckett : You guys always have your stories straight, don't you?
UNK: "We weren't at the park. " "It was the drug dealer. " "It was Max. "
Beckett : You guys are always in sync. Maybe that's why I don't believe you.
Brandon : You don't have to believe me. I have proof.
Brandon : We'd take these videos, you know, just for laughs. Doing crazy stuff.
Brandon : Romy's dad, Mr. Lee is like this big IT guy,
Brandon : and he hooked us up with a file share over Bluetooth.
Brandon : That way, we'd all get the files.
Brandon : - Amanda shot this that night. - What is it?
Brandon : A video.
Brandon : Of Donny getting shot.
Brandon : We were all supposed to erase it. But I knew that if the truth came out,
Brandon : we'd all be screwed.
Brandon : And after what happened to those kids in that Duke case, I just...
UNK: I didn't wanna end up like that.
UNK: Here.
UNK: You okay?
Castle : I was just thinking about Donny's parents,
Castle : what they'll go through when they watch that video.
Castle : Guess it's not too often you get a murder caught on tape, huh?
UNK: Yeah, well, he was smart to keep it.
Beckett : Otherwise, they'd all be facing a manslaughter charge.
Castle : Yeah. That was pretty smart when you think about it, wasn't it?
Beckett : I know that tone, Castle.
Castle : I'm just saying, it's pretty lucky they filmed their little game that night.
UNK: Yeah, well, people post crazy stuff on YouTube.
Castle : I get filming it the first few times. It's exciting. But the 10th?
UNK: The 15th? What was so special about that night?
Beckett : - Donny got shot. - So the only reason to film it is...
Beckett : You knew something was gonna happen.