Romy : And there's this loud pop, and you just see Donny's body crumple.
Beckett : - What did you guys do? - We ran. We just ran.
Beckett : - You didn't think to call the police? He was dead.
Spencer : I mean, we knew he was dead. Calling someone...
Beckett : Would have just gotten you into trouble.
UNK: Did you get a good look at this guy? Do you think you'd be able to identify him?
Spencer : It was dark, you know? Donny was at the end of the bench.
UNK: Who was the closest?
UNK: Okay, Romy, this will be easy. When we raise the shades,
Beckett : - they won't be able to see you. Are you sure?
Beckett : I promise. They have no idea who's back here.
Beckett : You just let me know if you recognize anyone, okay?
Beckett : Raise the shades, please.
UNK: Number one, step forward.
UNK: Step back, number one.
UNK: Number two.
UNK: Do you recognize anyone?
UNK: Number two.
UNK: Where do you recognize him from?
Romy : The park. He shot Donny.
UNK: Okay.
Alexis : Are you trying to figure out how to murder someone in their sleep again?
Castle : Not this time.
Castle : Do you know, when you were little, I used to watch you sleep every night
Castle : before I went to bed, just for a few minutes.
Castle : It was ridiculous how adorable you were.
Castle : Who'd have thought? All these years later, you're still adorable.
Alexis : What part of snoring and drooling is adorable?
UNK: Well, every 10 or 15 breaths, you make a little snort noise,
UNK: and then sometimes, you'll even get a little spit bubble...
UNK: Okay, Dad, seriously.
Castle : - Do you do drugs? - No.
Esposito : Are you sure? Because you can tell me.
Alexis : Dad, am I lethargic and uncharacteristically irritable?
UNK: Richard Castle : - No. - Are my eyes bloodshot
Alexis : - for no apparent reason? - No, except when you're sick.
Alexis : - Well, that's an apparent reason. - Right.
Alexis : - Are my grades plummeting? - No.
Alexis : Then, according to New York City's guidelines for parents and teachers,
Alexis : it's a pretty safe bet I'm clean.
Castle : You make an excellent case.
Alexis : Parents are invited to the drug assemblies.
Alexis : - You should come next time. - Drug assemblies?
Castle : Is that what the kids are calling them nowadays?
Alexis : They serve cookies.
Castle : And which of your friends are going on this D.C. Jamboree with you?
Alexis : Taylor, Kelsey and Paige.
UNK: Okay. How do I know they're not bringing the blow,
UNK: and partying Winehouse-style?
UNK: Um, because you know them really well and they're good kids.
Castle : But maybe they're icebergs.
Alexis : Does this have something to do with that Redding kid?
Alexis : Dad, he was in Central Park really, really late at night.
Alexis : That's something I would never do.
Castle : But if you did, you could tell me.
UNK: I don't want you to feel you ever have to lie to me.
Castle : Anything you and your friends have done, believe me,
UNK: - I have done worse. - I know.
Alexis : But the good news is, I'm not you. I just mean, you don't have to worry.
UNK: Besides, if I ever got in any real trouble,
Alexis : my friends would be there to bail me out.
UNK: Right.
Castle : - Because that's what friends do. - Yeah.
UNK: Now, somehow you believe that the Nicaraguans were...
Castle : - Gentlemen, gentlemen. - Excuse me. I got to go. I got to go.
Castle : Why didn't Donny's friends just give him the money?
Beckett : - What are you talking about? - These kids always have cash.
UNK: You're gonna tell me one of them couldn't spring
Castle : a few bucks to save his life?
Esposito : Castle, some demented drug dealer's waving a gun.
UNK: - Um, they probably froze up. But all of them?
Castle : He wasn't asking SAT questions. He was asking for money.
Castle : Something these kids probably count in their sleep.
Esposito : Look, this Scoville is a bad dude, and we got more than enough.
UNK: Yeah, with the girl, it's a slam-dunk.
Castle : - And who gave you the girl? - Scoville.
Ryan : So the guy's not a genius.
UNK: Okay, okay, say you're right.
Esposito : Why would these kids peg the wrong guy for a murder?
Castle : Simple. One of them did it.
Yenkman : Hey, Beckett.
UNK: - Yankman. - Who's the sidekick?
Castle : - He's a... - Consultant?
Castle : - Consultant. - Yeah?
UNK: Well, shouldn't you consult the consultant
Yenkman : before you arrest the wrong guy?
Beckett : I'm not sure I have the wrong guy yet, Yankman.
Yenkman : Well, my client's not happy. He gave you potential witnesses
UNK: and then you used one against him.
Beckett : Yeah, well, your client wasn't exactly forthcoming.
Beckett : But I'm willing to reconsider, if he tells me everything he knows.
Scoville : Don't trust her.
Castle : Seeing as how you're facing a murder charge,