UNK: if only Donny realized he didn't belong with you guys anymore,
UNK: he and Amanda were through, well, then,
UNK: none of this would have been necessary.
UNK: Weak people just don't get it, do they, Brandon?
UNK: Sometimes, they just have to be led to the truth.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Did he just say "exactly"? 'Cause I heard him say "exactly. "
UNK: Yeah. I heard it, too.
UNK: He tricked me. You tricked me.
UNK: - It's called "admission against interest. " - Just a fancy term for "confession. "
Beckett : - Pretty sweet, huh? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : And the funny thing is, I bet you thought you were pretty clever
Beckett : to go back and move Donny's body, right?
Beckett : But the thing is, is we would have never figured it out if you hadn't.
Castle : Well, she would have never figured it out.
Beckett : Oh, like, you would have figured it out.
Castle : I definitely would have figured it out.
Beckett : - Are you kidding me right now? Honest truth.
Castle : Straight face. From my heart.
Castle : Let's go! Power up.
Castle : - I don't want to be late. - You're coming?
Castle : You're looking at the official replacement chaperone.
UNK: Yay!
UNK: I just realized I have some business to take care of in D.C., anyway.
Castle : - Really? - Yeah, I got to pick out a spot
Castle : for my monument, just in case.
Alexis : I think Washington and Lincoln already have the good ones.
Castle : - Maybe they can move Jefferson. - Oh, yeah. I'm sure.
Martha : All right, you two kids, hurry off now. You don't wanna miss any of the fun.
Castle : - Any of your fun, you mean. - It's not what you think.
Castle : No, it's exactly what I thought.
UNK: Now, does this look like a wild group? For your information,
Martha : I am hosting a seminar for my life coaching class,
UNK: - "Be the Change You Want To See. " - How very Zen of you.
Alexis : Dad, come on, be supportive. She's trying to help people.
Castle : - Yeah, to my liquor cabinet. - No.
Martha : This is going to be a very civilized affair.
UNK: Now, off, off, off, off. Have fun!
UNK: Okay! Who wants a drink?