Castle : why don't you just go with the flow?
UNK: Consultant-boy's right. You got nothing to lose.
Beckett : The night that Donny was killed, you sold to him and his friends, right?
UNK: Richard Castle : - No. - No?
Yenkman : That's not how you really get her to reconsider.
UNK: I didn't sell to them.
Scoville : - They was working for me. - Working for you?
Scoville : I supplied that punk. All right? His friends bought off me, too.
Scoville : Then they'd go play dealer, selling to the upscales in Sheep's Meadow.
Beckett : - Wait a minute. They sold for you? - Donny, yeah.
UNK: The others, it was just, like, a goof.
UNK: Like, walk on the wild side. Like, truth or dare.
Beckett : So where were you when Donny got shot?
Scoville : I was hanging with my boys, down by the Alice in Wonderland statue.
Scoville : We didn't see nothing. We heard the shot, took off.
Beckett : - What about the gun? - I told you. I don't pack.
Yenkman : Criminal record with no firearms convictions
Yenkman : does sort of give it the ring of truth.
Yenkman : If past is prologue, how we doing on reconsideration?
Yenkman : Don't have to answer if you don't want. I know the answer.
UNK: Any time. Any time, Beckett.
Montgomery : You got to be kidding me. I already told the brass that we got the guy.
UNK: I can see how that'd be a little awkward.
Montgomery : The mayor even called to thank me.
Montgomery : He's in for the Knicks game, by the way.
Castle : - Sweet. - Look,
Beckett : I know everyone likes the violent drug dealer for this.
UNK: No, we love the violent drug dealer for this.
Beckett : Only, the violent drug dealer's story makes more sense than our witnesses'.
Castle : Plus, and I know I'm new here,
Castle : but aren't you supposed to arrest the right guy?
UNK: Okay. Go and talk to the girl again.
Montgomery : But my violent drug dealer stays where he is until I say so.
Montgomery : - See you at the game. - Got it.
Beckett : So, this dealer asked Donny for the couple hundred he owed him, right?
Beckett : - Yeah. - And Donny told him he didn't have it?
UNK: Right.
Beckett : - You mind if I take a look at your purse? - Her purse? What for?
Beckett : I can get a warrant if you want.
UNK: Gucci.
Romy : What does my bag have to do with anything?
Beckett : If Donny was such a good friend, why did you let him get shot?
Beckett : Let him?
Beckett : You had more than enough money to pay off the guy.
Beckett : I bet you all had more than enough. And yet Donny is dead.
Beckett : Why didn't any of you front him the money?
UNK: - What are you implying? - She isn't implying.
Castle : She's saying your daughter is lying about what happened that night.
Beckett : There wasn't a guy, was there, Romy?
Romy : - I didn't do anything. - Romy.
Beckett : What really happened to Donny that night?
Romy : It was an accident.
Romy : - We were just playing a game. - A game?
Romy : - Like Russian roulette. - Romy. With a gun?
Romy : It was just for fun. We did it all the time.
Romy : - For fun? - Where'd you get the gun, Romy?
Romy : Spencer had it. We never meant for there to be bullets.
Romy : We just pointed the gun at each other and pulled the trigger,
Romy : just to see what it felt like.
Beckett : Then how did Donny get shot?
Romy : Spencer bought bullets.
Romy : We went up to his summer house in Montauk,
Romy : just to shoot around cans and stuff.
Romy : One must have got left in by accident.
UNK: Who? Who shot him?
UNK: Romy, look at me. Who shot Donny?
Romy : Max. It was Max.
Beckett : Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD. I'm looking for Max Heller. Is he here?
UNK: No. I'm his mother. What's going on?
Beckett : I need to see him right now, Mrs. Heller. Do you know where he is?
UNK: No, I don't. What is it?
Beckett : I have a warrant for his arrest.
UNK: A warrant? Oh, my God. For what?
Beckett : He's wanted for murder, Mrs. Heller. Do you understand?
Beckett : I need you to go and call him on his cell phone, find out where he is.
UNK: Tell him not to move. Everything is gonna be all right,
Beckett : but I need you to do it now. Detective Esposito will go with you.
Beckett : Get a photograph of him for the APB, please.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Detective.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : What? Where?
Esposito : Kid's not answering his cell phone. Mom thinks maybe he went to the park.
Beckett : Yeah, he went to the park