Beckett : - Welcome to my world. - Brandon had this all planned.
Castle : He gets Max to shoot Donny, then gets Max drunk and kills him.
Beckett : There's no such thing as a perfect crime, Castle.
UNK: Not yet. But one day I'm gonna write it.
UNK: Okay. We canvassed every store, stand and homeless guy
Ryan : from the park's entrance at 72nd to the scene.
UNK: And no one remembers seeing Max or Brandon last night.
Beckett : If we can't put Brandon at Max's murder scene,
Beckett : then the DA will never move.
UNK: These kids were hooked on video sharing.
Castle : There has to be something.
UNK: I already scrolled through every video, audio, photo and text file on that thing.
Esposito : Guess we weren't lucky enough to have Max take video of Brandon killing him.
UNK: Funny thing is, if he did, Brandon would have known.
Castle : It would have popped up on his shared folder as soon as their phones...
UNK: - Synced. - Thank you.
UNK: Synced. If they were together when Max was murdered,
UNK: then their phones would have automatically synced.
Beckett : There'd be a record.
Beckett : You have the right to have a lawyer present, Brandon.
Beckett : If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed to you.
Castle : He could afford a million lawyers.
UNK: She still has to advise me of my rights, right?
Headmaster : - Right. - Anyway, that's cool.
Brandon : I don't want a lawyer. This is way more fun.
Beckett : Maybe you'd like to just sign a confession, then?
UNK: Sure.
Brandon : I confess...
Brandon : That I'm dying to cop a feel under your cop blouse.
Brandon : There. Now I feel so much better.
UNK: You sure you don't wanna call somebody? Your parents, maybe?
Brandon : Why would I worry them?
Castle : You know, I made a call just a little while ago to my bookie.
UNK: Sweet.
Castle : I was standing in the street outside Nobu, waiting for my car.
Brandon : - Oh, yeah? I love that place. - The black squid pasta is amazing.
Castle : Anyway, I was talking on the phone when the valet pulled up with my car.
Castle : And all of a sudden, my call got cut off. I realized
Castle : The Bluetooth in my car picked up the call automatically,
Castle : because they were linked.
UNK: You told us that all your phones auto-share media files
UNK: - via a Bluetooth link, right? - So?
Castle : So your phone linked with Max's phone the night he was killed.
Beckett : It's a digital fingerprint that places you within 20 feet of Max
Beckett : at the time of his murder.
Castle : You did say if she got some actual evidence, she should arrest you.
Beckett : You took advantage of Max's guilt over Donny's death,
UNK: and you got him blackout drunk. And then you put a gun in his hand,
Beckett : pressed it against his temple, and then you pulled the trigger.
Brandon : Why would I do that?
Beckett : To cover your tracks over killing Donny.
Brandon : - Why would I kill Donny? - Amanda.
Brandon : Amanda is with me, not Donny.
UNK: Yeah, only after Donny lost all his money.
Beckett : Which makes you sloppy seconds.
UNK: That had to eat you alive, knowing that Amanda had been with Donny.
UNK: Especially 'cause he got way more than just under her blouse, right?
Brandon : I have that video that shows that Max killed Donny, not me.
Castle : And arranging that was very impressive.
Castle : Fooling Spencer, Romy and Amanda wasn't that hard.
Castle : They didn't handle the gun. But Max was another story.
Castle : He actually pulled the trigger, and he just couldn't let it go, could he?
Castle : And then he remembered, you gave him the gun.
Castle : So he called you and asked to meet you.
UNK: We have a record of the call.
UNK: You knew something was up,
UNK: so you brought the gun and, what, vodka?
UNK: Or was Max a Scotch guy? He knew all about you,
UNK: Donny and Amanda. He had to wonder,
UNK: "Did you set me up to kill my best friend?"
UNK: And when he realized you had, he wasn't gonna keep it quiet, was he?
UNK: Even with you telling him you'd all go to jail.
UNK: If only Max had been strong enough just to man up,