Beckett : and killed himself.
UNK: So, what now? What should I do?
UNK: What?
UNK: Hey, if you're looking for lunch money, my wallet's on the nightstand.
Alexis : I lied to you, Dad.
UNK: - Oh, can this wait? - No. You need to know.
UNK: Oh. Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Alexis : Remember the holiday formal,
Alexis : how Kelsey and I went to Taylor's house after?
Alexis : Well, when we left, it was already raining,
UNK: and we tried for, like, half an hour to get a taxi, but we couldn't.
Alexis : And we were already so soaking wet and cold that
Alexis : we finally decided to take the subway, even though it was way after 10 : 00.
Castle : Well, considering that getting a cab in the rain
Castle : is kind of like winning the Powerball jackpot, I forgive you.
UNK: No! Listen. The two was coming, and Kelsey went through the door
Alexis : and was going down the stairs to hold the door for me,
UNK: but when I swiped my card, it was empty.
Alexis : And I didn't have any time to add any more money to it,
Alexis : and Kelsey was screaming for me to come, and I was just so tired,
UNK: and I was just anxious to get home that, Dad, I...
Alexis : I don't even want to say it.
UNK: What?
Alexis : I jumped the turnstile.
Castle : - Did you make the train? - Yeah.
Alexis : But the point is I didn't tell you,
Alexis : even after you were so sweet and concerned yesterday. I'm sorry.
Castle : Oh, you actually jumped the turnstile?
Alexis : But I swiped my card twice the next day and didn't even ride.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Sweetie, if that's the worst thing you've done, I'm a happy, happy man.
Alexis : But I lied to you. Shouldn't you punish me?
Castle : Yes. No, you're right.
Castle : Mandatory ice cream for breakfast. No excuses.
Alexis : I'm serious. If you won't, I will.
UNK: - I'm serious about the ice cream. - Fine. I'm grounded for a week.
Castle : - All right. You're tough but fair. - After the D.C. Trip.
Castle : That's my girl.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad.
Castle : Hey. What you doing?
Beckett : Paperwork to dismiss the homicide charges against Scoville.
Beckett : Ballistics. Confirms that the gun used on Donny in the park that night
Beckett : was the same one Max used on himself.
Beckett : I'm usually better at reading people.
UNK: You spent half an hour with Max.
UNK: There's no way you could have seen that coming.
Beckett : Poor kid must have been a mess.
Beckett : Imagine shooting your best friend and then having to lie about it.
Castle : Well, he did more than just lie about it.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : He went back and moved his friend's body.
Beckett : Having the presence of mind to move the body isn't exactly consistent
UNK: with a guilty conscience, is it?
Castle : I'd say that's more an act of a cold-blooded killer.
Beckett : And a cold-blooded killer doesn't suddenly feel guilty enough
Beckett : - to commit suicide, does he? - Not in any story I'd write.
Beckett : So if we're right, and Max didn't move Donny's body, then who did?
Lanie : Looks like your basic, garden-variety suicide.
Beckett : But you said on the phone that there was something
Beckett : that wasn't consistent with a suicide.
Lanie : Looks like suicide, but his shooting hand,
Lanie : more specifically, his right index finger, has a slight abrasion,
Lanie : visible only under the scope.
Lanie : Department autopsy protocol doesn't even call to look for that kind of thing.
Beckett : And the abrasion means what to you?
UNK: That someone may have helped him pull the trigger.
Lanie : Plus, toxicology has his blood alcohol content at 0.28.
UNK: 0.28? - So he was drunk.
Castle : Way drunk!
UNK: At 0.28, he may not have even been conscious.
Beckett : So Max was murdered.
Beckett : Whoever staged Max's suicide
Beckett : wanted us to believe that he killed himself out of guilt
Beckett : over shooting Donny, which makes me think
Beckett : Max didn't kill Donny, after all.
Castle : The other kids corroborated Romy's story,
Castle : that Max pulled the trigger.
Beckett : I didn't say he didn't shoot him. I said he didn't kill him.
UNK: Is that a Zen koan one-hand-clapping thing? I...
Beckett : These kids played a game of pretending to shoot at each other.
Beckett : What if one of them wanted Donny dead for real?
Beckett : What better way than to get someone else to pull the trigger?
Castle : You think one of the other kids put a bullet in the gun without Max knowing.
Beckett : - That's our killer. - Oh, I like that.
Beckett : - You bought the bullets, Spencer. - It was just to screw around.