Beckett : And that was when? Okay, thank you, Mrs. Kendall.
UNK: Get this. Donny and Amanda were dating until about a month ago.
Castle : When Donny broke it off.
Beckett : - You weren't in school today, Amanda. - So?
Amanda : - I wasn't up for it. - Yes. Lying can be so exhausting.
Amanda : So can losing two of your friends.
Beckett : We saw the video.
Amanda : Brandon told me. So now you know everything.
UNK: Why'd you shoot the video that night?
UNK: I don't know. We did lots of times.
Beckett : When was the last time, before that night?
Amanda : I don't remember. Look, I thought you said you saw what happened.
Castle : We did. We're just not sure why we saw what happened.
Beckett : Your decision to make a video that night doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : Unless you knew something was gonna happen.
Amanda : You think I knew? It was totally an accident!
UNK: There's no way I could have known Donny was gonna get shot.
Beckett : Sure there is. If you're the one who put a bullet in the gun.
Castle : - What? - We spoke to Donny's parents.
Castle : We know you two were dating.
UNK: We also know Donny broke up with you about a month ago.
Amanda : - Oh, my God! - It gives you motive, Amanda.
Amanda : It's not what happened! Yes, Donny broke up with me.
Amanda : But only because he found out I hooked up with Brandon.
UNK: Brandon?
Amanda : Everything with his family... Donny checked out.
Amanda : He wasn't there for me and Brandon was.
Castle : I bet he was.
Amanda : It's not like that. Brandon's a really good guy.
Castle : A good guy who kept the only copy of a video he told us you shot.
Amanda : If Brandon kept the video, he had his reasons.
Castle : Brandon told you to shoot the video that night, didn't he?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Guess who just changed his story.
Beckett : Your buddy, Spencer.
Castle : Your comrade just gave up your alibi for Max's murder.
Brandon : You mean Max's suicide, don't you?
UNK: And last I checked, I wouldn't need an alibi for that, would I?
Beckett : The medical examiner concluded that Max's death was a homicide.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Well, I'm sure there are any number of experts we can hire
UNK: who will disagree with a city employee.
UNK: Expert witnesses? Scrambling for alibis?
UNK: Sounds like you're already building a defense.
Brandon : You guys have been running around, accusing everyone of murder.
Brandon : I figured my turn was coming and I'd better be ready.
Castle : Only now, we know it was you.
Castle : All three of your friends have solid alibis for the night Max was killed.
Brandon : - You say, killed. I say, suicide. - Where were you that night?
Brandon : I took a walk.
Brandon : I knew you guys wouldn't believe me,
Brandon : so I asked Spencer to cover for me.
Beckett : That's what you guys do, right? Cover for each other.
Brandon : Exactly. Look, Detective, you're hot and everything,
Brandon : but if you had any actual evidence, you'd have already arrested me.
Brandon : Me? I have a video that proves Max killed Donny.
UNK: You really think a jury's gonna believe he didn't get drunk and off himself?
Beckett : This is just a game for you, isn't it? Like selling drugs in the park.
Brandon : Well, if it was, looks like I'd be winning.
Brandon : But, hey, if you think I did it, let's see you prove it.
Castle : I hate that kid!
Castle : You know, actually having to prove things is really tedious.