Chase : They're not purple. They're red. Probably just blood blisters.
Foreman : Give me the biopsy needle.
UNK: - How long is this gonna take? - Forget it, Chase.
UNK: Your punching out the shark story's good, but she's not waiting for you.
UNK: So?
Foreman : We couldn't confirm the source of the bleeding,
Foreman : but we did biopsy some...
Chase : - Blood blisters. - You mean papules.
House : Come on, Cameron. Who's right?
Cameron : Chase is. Negative for Erdheim-Chester.
House : Let me see.
House : If it's not Erdheim-Chester...
Chase : It's exactly what we said before, a garden-variety viral gastroenteritis.
Chase : Can we go back to the party?
House : Do a kidney biopsy.
UNK: Ester's shut down in exactly...
UNK: This kid is not Ester.
Chase : You screwed up. She died. I'm sorry.
Chase : But that does not mean this kid is dying as well.
UNK: Jeez, you're testy when you don't get any fuzz. Come on.
Sarah : What'd the test say?
Chase : Colonoscopy was clean.
Chase : And the biopsy was negative for Erdheim-Chester.
Alan : So Ian's going to be all right? It was just some sort of virus.
Sarah : What's that?
UNK: Urine.
UNK: Yeah, but it's brown.
Chase : Ian's kidneys are shutting down.
House : Still think it's not the same case?
House : So, what can cause bloody diarrhea,
House : ataxia and kidney failure?
UNK: - I'll go do a biopsy. - Forget it!
House : That battle's over.
House : His rising creatinine is his kidneys' way of saying,
UNK: "Go on without me."
House : What explains everything?
UNK: E. Coli HO-157 causes bloody diarrhea
UNK: and leads to Hemolytic-uremic Syndrome.
Chase : Toxins from the bacteria cause his kidneys to shut down.
Chase : We should start him on plasmapheresis.
House : Clear, concise and completely plausible.
House : And exactly what I did last time. Didn't work.
House : - What else? - Goodpasture's Syndrome.
Cameron : Circulating antibodies cause kidney failure and bleeding.
House : But not the purple papules.
UNK: If you throw in Ester's next symptom,
Foreman : brain, makes me think heavy metal toxicity.
Cameron : His hematocrit would have to be low. It's at 44,
UNK: and Ester's never dropped below...
House : - 42. - You have the file memorized?
House : It's my lucky number.
Cameron : What about lymphoma?
Cameron : Causes kidney failure, GI bleed, and can infiltrate the base of the brain.
UNK: You check Ester for that?
House : She never showed any signs of...
House : If he has lymphoma this far advanced,
House : we should be able to see it in his blood and brain.
House : Chase, run a blood smear and immunochemistries.
House : Foreman, get an MRI.
Cameron : - I'll page Cuddy. - No, you won't.
UNK: She thinks the kid has a stomachache.
UNK: Then she'll come right up here and do one of two things.
House : If she agrees with me, I don't need her. If she disagrees, I don't want her.
Foreman : Can't handle people disagreeing with you?
Foreman : She might have a different take on this.
House : Subordinates can disagree with me all they want. It's healthy.
House : People who can shut me down on the other hand...
House : Forget Cuddy. I'll have Wilson keep her busy.
UNK: Keep your answers short and discreet. Is Cuddy still playing?
Wilson : The chicken is still in Piccadilly Square.
House : Brilliant. She'll never suspect that Normandy is our target.
Cuddy : Is that House?
Cuddy : Tell him that the blinds just went to 20-40 and he's running out of chips.
House : - How's she doing? - What's going on?
Wilson : The way you took off, something's obviously...
House : Love to chat but got a game to play. How's she doing?
Wilson : The patient is on life support. We're about to pull the plug.
Cuddy : Are you talking about me?
House : What've you got?
UNK: Those sounds like high-dose cardio meds.