Ted : You'll sit there.
Ted : My station is right over here.
Ted : And things are a little bit crazy right now
Ted : 'cause we're pitching a new building to a big client.
UNK: Oh, right, is that the...? Yeah.
Ted : Here's the model.
Lily : You weren't kidding.
Lily : It really does look like a giant penis.
Ted : I know.
Ted : For whatever reason, mr. Druthers just doesn't see it.
Lily : How can he not see it?
UNK: I mean there's the... I know.
UNK: And the way it... I know.
UNK: And the two little... I know.
UNK: Wow, it is just...
UNK: Mr Druthers arriving : Spectacular? Why, thank you.
Ted : Lily, this is mr. Druthers,
Ted : The head architect on the project.
Ted : Lily's going to be our new office assistant.
UNK: Ah. Nice to meet you.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Ted, I looked at your design for the penthouse balcony.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Tell me, do you want to be an architect?
Ted : I, uh... I am an architect.
Barney : Really?
UNK: Mr Druthers : Well, my six-year-old nephew plays with legos.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Is he an architect?
Ted : Not unless he somehow passed all his licensing exams.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Ted, you've got promise,
UNK: Mr Druthers : But you have to study what I do more carefully.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Now I want you
UNK: Mr Druthers : To design some styrofoam trees for the building model.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Think you can handle that?
Ted : Absolutely.
UNK: Mr Druthers : So you're going to design the...
UNK: Mr Druthers : Styrofoam trees.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Once again... with feeling.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Styrofoam trees.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Styrofoam trees!
UNK: Mr Druthers : Styrofoam trees!
UNK: Mr Druthers : That's the spirit.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Now, gather 'round.
UNK: Mr Druthers : This isn't just about trees, ted.
UNK: Mr Druthers : This is about life.
UNK: Mr Druthers : And sometimes in life,
UNK: Mr Druthers : You have to get the trees just right or you're fired, hmm?
Lily : Man, that guy is a total, well...
Marshall : Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Marshall : That's professor lewis's office there.
Barney : Okay, let's take a look.
Barney : Oh, yeah, it's a cougar all right.
Barney : A prime specimen.
Barney : See, you can identify a cougar by a few key characteristics.
Barney : Start with the hair.
Barney : The cougar keeps up with current hairstyles
Barney : As a form of camouflage.
Barney : The prey may not realize that he's engaged a cougar
Barney : Until he's already being dragged, helpless,
Barney : Back to her lair.
Barney : Now, the blouse.
Barney : The cougar displays maximum cleavage possible
Barney : To captivate her prey.
Barney : If you're watching them bounce, she's about to pounce.
UNK: And see the claws?
Barney : Long and sharp,
Barney : To ward off rival females...
Barney : Or open alimony checks.
Barney : Yeah, this one's a beaut.
Ted : Okay,
Barney : Let the hunt begin.
UNK: No, wait.
Marshall : I'm not so sure I'm comfortable
Marshall : With you hunting my constitutional law professor.
UNK: Who do you rather have grading your papers...
UNK: A savage, man-eating jungle cat,
UNK: Or a purring, satisfied kitty?
Marshall : Go, barney.
Marshall : Go mount and stuff that cougar.
UNK: Barney stepping into the office, speaking with an Italian accent : Scusi,
UNK: Barney stepping into the office, speaking with an Italian accent : I am luigi, italian exchange student.
UNK: Barney stepping into the office, speaking with an Italian accent : I was, uh,
UNK: Barney stepping into the office, speaking with an Italian accent : Walking to class, but then I noticed you...
UNK: Barney stepping into the office, speaking with an Italian accent : Bella principessa...
UNK: Pr Lewis : Tell me what you want or get out.
Barney : Direct.
Barney : I like that.
Barney : The name's barney.
Barney : What I want... Is you.
UNK: Pr Lewis : Turn around.
UNK: Pr Lewis : My place. Two hours.
UNK: Pr Lewis : Don't be tardy.
Lily : I can't believe how mr. Druthers treats people.
Lily : And that building?
Lily : Talk about overcompensating.
UNK: He's not usually this bad.
UNK: It's just that the partners have made it very clear
UNK: This project is make or break for us,
UNK: So lately he's been a little testy.
UNK: You know what I mean... Crotchety.
UNK: I'm just saying, it's been hard on him.
UNK: Okay. All right, stop.
Robin : Did you show lily your design? No.