Ted : Kids, when you reach your late 20s you might be surprised
UNK: Ted from 2030 : To discover you still don't have life quite figured out.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Like with aunt lily.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Even though she was back from san francisco,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : She was still on a quest to find herself.
Lily : It's just that all I've ever done is teach kindergarten.
Lily : I want to get out there and change the world.
Lily : I want to find my passion.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And she did find it.
UNK: Lily coming in Robin's : I'm going to be a life coach.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : In fact, she found it again and again.
UNK: Lily coming in Robin's : I'm going to be a marine biologist.
Lily : Slam poet.
Lily : Beekeeper!
Lily : Not a beekeeper.
UNK: Robin on the phone : Her newest lifelong dream?
UNK: Robin on the phone : Singing in a punk rock band.
Ted : What is she doing for money through all this?
UNK: Uh, she's waiting tables at big wave luau.
Ted : Wait, you mean that hawaiian place
Ted : Where they wear those embarrassing outfits?
Lily : No.
Marshall : Here she comes.
Marshall : Here she comes.
Lily : Welcome to big wave luau.
Lily : Can I tiki your drink order?
UNK: Oh, crap.
Robin : I'm sorry.
Barney : Oh, hi, lily.
Barney : We were just in the neighborhood,
Barney : Thought we'd get some lunch.
Barney : We didn't even know you'd be here.
Lily : What do you want?
UNK: Whoa. I don't think that's how
Ted : You're supposed to greet a customer at big wave luau.
Lily : Aloha, island visitors.
Lily : The big wave brought you to our humble luau.
Lily : For that, we thank you.
Lily : Or in my native tongue, mahalo.
Barney : I didn't catch your name. Did you guys catch her name?
Lily : No.
Lily : My name is anuhea.
Lily : It means cool and fragrant,
Lily : Much like any of our 12 specialty drinks.
UNK: Robin, nothing to add? No.
Robin : Lily is my friend and I'm not going to make fun of her
Robin : For trying to follow her dreams.
Lily : Thank you.
Robin : Although, you might want to bring out
Robin : The big hawaiian drum because I'm pretty sure today's my birthday.
UNK: Birthday girl!
UNK: I have never needed beer more than I do right now.
Ted : I thought you said your semester was gonna be a piece of cake.
Ted : I remember because you were eating a piece of cake
Ted : At the time and you said, "dude, my semester is gonna be this."
Marshall : Yeah, well, it was supposed to be,
Marshall : But my professor's like the toughest grader I've ever seen.
Marshall : She had like a bad divorce this summer
Marshall : And now she's taking it out on us.
Marshall : To tell you the truth, I think she just needs to get laid.
Barney : Really? Laid, you say?
Marshall : You wouldn't be into her.
Marshall : She's, like, in her late 40s. She hot?
Marshall : Yeah, I guess she's kind of hot, yeah.
Barney : And she's looking for some action.
Barney : Sounds to me like she could be a cougar.
Robin : A what?
Barney : A cougar.
Barney : An older woman, usually in her 40s or 50s,
Barney : Single and on the prowl for a younger man.
Ted : What's a woman in her 60s or 70s... a turtle?
Barney : Marshall, I've thought it over and I accept your challenge.
Marshall : I didn't challenge you to have sex with my...
Barney : Tomorrow, the cougar hunt begins.
UNK: Lily arriving : So, I quit my job.
UNK: Lily arriving : I just couldn't take it anymore.
UNK: Lily arriving : Approximately 50 times a day, some guy asks me for a lei.
Marshall : Classic.
Robin : Ted, didn't you tell me
Robin : They need a new assistant in your office?
Marshall : Yeah.
Ted : Somebody did just quit.
Ted : So, where should we eat today?
Ted : Oh, awesome, you brought lunch for everyone?
Marshall : Dude, that is cold-blooded.
Ted : It was an honest mistake.
Ted : Look, when somebody opens up a container
Ted : With an entire chicken in it,
Ted : It's okay to assume they made lunch for everyone.
Robin : Ted, that girl didn't quit. You destroyed her.
Ted : It was an whole chicken.
Ted : And did I mention she had 12 sides?
Barney : Oh, now you're gonna bash her figure.
Barney : Real classy, ted.
Ted : So, lily, what do you say? Do you want the job?
Lily : What would I be doing?
Ted : Basically, you're sort of a general office assistant.