Ted : When druthers goes to get his bagel,
Ted : I'll go in, grab the note, put the ball back.
Ted : If something goes wrong, yell out, "who wants espresso?"
Ted : So I'll know he's coming.
Ted : Got it? Okay, now give me the ball.
Lily : No.
Ted : What do you mean, no?
Lily : I mean I stand by what I did, ted.
Ted : Come on, lily. We're running out of time.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Everybody get in here now!
Ted : Who wants espresso?
UNK: Mr Druthers : Now, as most of you know,
UNK: Mr Druthers : My pete rose, pete rose, pete rose baseball has been stolen.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Well, I just found this note.
UNK: "Dear mr. Druthers, I, your baseball, am leaving.
UNK: "Maybe, if you start being nice, I'll come back.
UNK: "If not, other things in your office may follow my lead.
UNK: "In fact, I overheard your ipod talking,
UNK: And he may shuffle off at any minute."
UNK: Normally,
UNK: I would scream at everyone until my voice goes,
UNK: But maybe that's the wrong reaction here.
Lily : Interesting.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Instead, I'm giving my baseball until the end of the day
UNK: Mr Druthers : To decide he's homesick, or tomorrow morning,
UNK: Mr Druthers : I'll begin firing three people an hour.
UNK: Mr Druthers : And, if the thief doesn't believe me,
UNK: Mr Druthers : Well, then, you are gambling more than pete rose...
UNK: Mr Druthers : Major league baseball's all-time hit leader,
UNK: Mr Druthers : A man whose absence from the hall of fame is a travesty
UNK: Mr Druthers : To the entire sports world...
UNK: Mr Druthers : Ever "allegedly" did!
Lily : Wow. Looks like bye-bye, ipod.
Ted : Give him his ball back right now.
Ted : People are going to get fired.
Lily : No, they're not.
Lily : It's just a tantrum, ted.
Lily : I saw this in kindergarten all the time.
Ted : This isn't kindergarten.
Ted : Mr. Druthers is an adult,
Ted : And he wants his ball back.
Lily : All right, I'll give it back if you show him your plans.
Ted : No. You'll give it back or you're fired.
Lily : I'm sorry, ted. I just can't do that.
Ted : Then you're fired.
Lily : Fine.
Lily : Here's the ball.
Lily : At least you have one now.
Marshall : Dude, you're killing me.
Marshall : You didn't tame the cougar.
Marshall : You just made her angrier.
Barney : Do you not see the powerbar in my hand?
Barney : I'm fueling up.
Marshall : So you're going back over there?
Barney : Oh, yeah. And tonight, just like john mellencamp,
Barney : I am going to get rid of the "cougar" once and for all.
Barney : Get it?
Barney : 'Cause that's what he did with his name.
Barney : I can't stop thinking about you.
Barney : Please give me another chance.
UNK: Pr Lewis : Barney, I teach all day.
UNK: Pr Lewis : It's the last thing I want to do when I get home.
Barney : But you don't understand.
Barney : See, I've been going easy on you, holding back,
Barney : 'cause I was afraid you'd break a hip or something.
Barney : But, this time, no mercy.
Barney : I don't care how long it takes... Days, weeks, half a year.
Lily : Fine.
UNK: Pr Lewis : Come in. You can start
UNK: Pr Lewis : While I finish grading some papers.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Hurry up. Clients will be here any moment.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Now, slide it closer to his chair.
UNK: Mr Druthers : I want this thing to really smack him in the face.
Ted : Mr. Druthers, thank you again for understanding about lily.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Oh. Well, I pity her.
UNK: Mr Druthers : I mean, to steal from my office
UNK: Mr Druthers : And then write that slanderous note...
UNK: Mr Druthers : You might say that lily was mentally deranged.
UNK: Mr Druthers : You might say that, ted.
UNK: Mr Druthers : Lily was mentally deranged.
UNK: Mr Druthers : You might even say it loud enough for everyone to hear.
Ted : Lily was mentally deranged!