Beckett : His GPS checked out, by the way.
Castle : so I guess anything can happen.
Castle : - Are you okay? - Yeah.
Beckett : It's just this one reminds me of my mom's case.
Beckett : What Frank Anderson's family must be going through, especially Christina.
Beckett : Mourning her dad's death,
Beckett : thinking that it was random, and then finding out that it wasn't.
Beckett : I guess you could say, "What does it matter?
UNK: "The person that you love is dead." But knowing why matters.
Esposito : - Yo, fish tank's a bust. - What?
Beckett : Lanie called. Water sample is not a match.
Esposito : You believe that? We're nowhere.
Beckett : What is it with these two cases?
Ryan : Yeah, Grovner was almost too good to be true.
Castle : - Not almost. - Yeah, and you guys and the husband.
Beckett : I was sure it was him. And your son-in-law.
UNK: I know. Same deal. Felt it.
UNK: Okay, it's not the fish tank, but they are connected.
UNK: We just have to figure out how.
Beckett : It's just we've been over these cases so many times,
Beckett : it's hard to see straight anymore.
Beckett : All right. We'll start over. Fresh eyes. You take our murder, we'll take yours.
Beckett : All right. - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Castle : Say that again.
Beckett : You take our murder, we'll take yours.
Castle : Could it be that easy? You take mine, I'll take yours.
UNK: The Hitchcock movie.
UNK: I'm partial to the novel by Patricia Highsmith, but yes.
UNK: We have two strong suspects, but with airtight alibis,
Esposito : - right? - Right.
Castle : We know they're connected. What if the connection is the killers?
Beckett : Jason and Eric committed each other's murders.
Castle : And made sure they had an airtight alibi for the murder
Castle : they knew they'd be suspected of.
Castle : It's not our victims who are connected. It's our murderers! Crisscross!
UNK: Okay, so we know Jason was at the Garden
UNK: watching the game till it finished at 10 : 00.
UNK: And then he made the call from Ashley's office at 11 : 47.
Castle : Garden is on 32nd. Her office is on 18th.
UNK: It would've taken him max 20 minutes.
UNK: So why did it take him two hours?
UNK: Because, Esposito, he jumped in a cab, went uptown, killed Frank.
UNK: Which happened at 11 : 00.
UNK: He easily makes it back to his wife's office in time to find her body at 11 : 47.
UNK: And we know that Eric clocked out of work at 6 : 03.
UNK: And Ashley's killed at 8 : 00.
UNK: He shows up for the party at the bar at 9 : 15.
UNK: Something tells me their alibis are not going to be so airtight
UNK: for the other murders.
Beckett : Mr. Cosway. We were just coming to see you.
Cosway : Oh, hey. You guys have news? I mean, is it the old patient of Ashley's?
Cosway : - That turn out to be anything, or... - No, but we are making progress.
Cosway : Okay. What can I do for you?
Beckett : Just like to ask you a few questions about the night of the murder.
Cosway : Do you guys have any suspects at all yet, or...
Castle : We're looking at someone right now.
Cosway : Okay, well, actually, I have to meet the movers at Ashley's office,
Cosway : - so if you don't mind walking with me... - Not at all.
Beckett : Could you tell us what you did right after the basketball game?
UNK: After? Why do you ask?
Beckett : We're just trying to get our timeline straight.
Cosway : Not accusing me of killing my wife again, are you?
Beckett : I can assure you that we are 100% certain you did not kill Ashley.
Beckett : It's just, the night of the murder,
Beckett : you said that you were on your way to pick her up right after the game.
Cosway : Yeah, so?
Beckett : Well, then why did it take you two hours
Beckett : to get from the Garden to 18th Street?
Cosway : Look, I knew Ash wanted to work late, all right.
Cosway : I didn't want to bother her, so I just killed some time.
UNK: Ooh.
Castle : Sorry. Go ahead.
Cosway : - And then I stopped at a newsstand. - Where?
UNK: Somewhere on Seventh. Maybe it was 26th.
Cosway : I don't know. Anyway, I bought myself a slice of pizza. At Ray's.