Ryan : Which is why Grovner and his wife went to couples counseling.
UNK: Apparently, it didn't go too well, though,
Ryan : 'cause they ended up filing for divorce
Ryan : and, get this, Mrs. Cosway testified against Grovner in court.
Castle : So Grovner had reason to go after both our victims.
Esposito : Yeah, went away for five years for domestic abuse.
Esposito : Says right here he was released last month. So, what are the odds, huh?
Esposito : Two people from opposite lives being connected by one jack-hole.
Beckett : Just demonstrates that any two people can be connected.
Castle : Actually, it's more like Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon.
Castle : I got a question. Now that we're all working the same case,
Castle : - does that mean the bet's off? - Hell, yeah.
Beckett : - You got the address? Yeah, it's around back.
Esposito : Banner day. Gonna close two cases with one arrest.
Ryan : Like Christmas.
Beckett : Don't decorate the tree just yet, boys. It might be a coincidence.
Castle : Oh, come on, Debbie Downer.
Castle : There are no such things as coincidences in murder cases.
Castle : How many times do I have to tell you?
Castle : I mean, it's the basic foundation of every crime book I've ever written.
Castle : No coincidences.
Beckett : That's him. Ready?
Esposito : Put your hands up. Let's see them, buddy.
UNK: - Keep it up. - Keep your hands up.
UNK: Put up your hands so we see them!
Beckett : Wesley Grovner, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: What? I miss another parole meeting?
UNK: He's clean. So to speak.
Beckett : Where were you last Tuesday night?
UNK: Am I being Punk'd?
UNK: If by "Punk'd" you mean "arrested for murder," yeah.
Grovner : You think I went somewhere Tuesday night and killed somebody?
Castle : Actually, two somebodies.
UNK: Hey! I'm Houdini. Nice bling, huh?
UNK: Oops.
Grovner : Check this out.
Grovner : This stoop is the edge of my Earth since I busted parole a week ago.
Grovner : Whatever you think I did, I ain't your guy.
Castle : That's quite the coincidence.
Martha : How dare you! How dare you take my dress!
Martha : - You're as thoughtless as your father! I'm sorry, I just...
Alexis : Stop! No! I didn't... I didn't take anything!
Cosway : - I didn't! - I ought to break your little wrists!
Castle : Mother, have you finally...
Martha : - Have I finally what, dear? - Hey, Dad.
Castle : - You're rehearsing. Yes, I have a call back.
Martha : Oh, and you believed us? Oh, my God. That's marvelous.
Castle : You know, I am a better actress than I think I am.
Alexis : You okay, Dad? You look upset.
Castle : Turns out something I was so sure of was just a coincidence.
Martha : - Is this about the murder? - Exactly.
Castle : It so happens that our two victims were connected.
Castle : It just had nothing to do with their deaths.
Martha : You know, I bet if you looked hard enough
Martha : you'd find a connection between everybody in this city.
UNK: I mean, it's the great thing about New York.
Alexis : Yeah, and if there wasn't a connection, you could always pretend there is one.
UNK: Besides the rehearsal, we have another drama going on here this evening.
UNK: Oh. Owen?
Alexis : You know how Thalia said she had a crush on Owen at Camp Chumash?
Castle : Serendipity at Serendipity. Yeah.
Alexis : No. More like subterfuge at Serendipity.
Alexis : She never even went to Camp Chumash, but her friend did,
Alexis : and Thalia wanted to meet Owen, so she staged the whole thing.
UNK: That is so budding-sociopath.
Alexis : I knew it couldn't be a coincidence. I mean, really? What are the odds?
Castle : Yeah, what are the odds?
Beckett : Hey, Castle. How you doing?
Castle : Well, for a second last night, I thought my mother was beating Alexis. So...
Beckett : Yeah, well, Grovner was a head-turner for all of us.