Ryan : And a dark cloud descends.
Castle : - Any hot leads? - As a matter of fact, yes.
Ryan : Turns out our victim went for a walk every night.
Esposito : Guess who hangs in the park right where our victim was popped?
Castle : - Recently fired postal workers? - No. Gang kids. Very rough guys.
Castle : - Do they hang out there regularly? - That's right.
UNK: Then they didn't do it. If they're known to hang out there,
UNK: then they're gonna know they're gonna get caught.
UNK: If they're gonna do something, they're gonna do it somewhere else.
Ryan : I know what you're doing, Castle.
Ryan : You're trying to mess with our confidence.
Castle : If I was trying to mess with your confidence,
Castle : I would tell you that our victim talked to her lawyer friend
Castle : on the night she was murdered about a restraining order.
Esposito : And do you have a suspect?
Castle : We're narrowing it down. But doesn't that have a lovely ring to it?
Rossi : Restraining order.
UNK: Restraining order. Order...
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I was just... They were... There was two...
Esposito : - Yeah? Beckett, we got a hit.
Beckett : Hal Ross?
UNK: Multiple assault charges over the last 10 years.
UNK: He and his wife were Dr. Cosway's 2 : 00 on Friday.
Esposito : - What are you doing? - Hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey!
Ryan : - Castle, not cool. Stairs.
Beckett : - Why'd you do that? - Do what?
Castle : All right, I'm just gonna say it, I've got a feeling.
Castle : Doesn't happen often, but I am feeling it, this is our guy.
Beckett : Mr. Ross?
UNK: Hal Ross : What's up? Garbage on my sidewalk again?
Beckett : Would you mind putting that down?
UNK: Where were you last night between the hours of... When was that again?
UNK: What are you talking about?
Beckett : - Are you familiar with Ashley Cosway? - Well, yeah, sure. The doc.
Castle : - Well, she was murdered last night. - What? The doc's dead?
UNK: Can you confirm your whereabouts between 7 : 30 and 9 : 00 last night?
UNK: Yeah, sure. I was here. I'm open till 10 : 00 every night.
Beckett : - Can anyone corroborate that? - My employees.
UNK: Well, how convenient that your alibis are on your payroll.
Ross : What would make you think that I killed the doc?
Beckett : Mr. Ross, you have a history of violence. Assault. Battery.
Castle : Okay, well, why do you think I was in therapy?
Ross : Okay, Doc Cosway showed me that I was only hurting myself.
UNK: Come on, Hal, we know something bad happened last Friday. Come on.
UNK: Something happened all right, but it wasn't in my session.
UNK: You want to talk to somebody, you try the appointment before mine.
Beckett : Why is that?
Ross : Judy and I, we were in the little waiting room before our session,
Ross : - we hear all this yelling. - About what?
Ross : I don't know. But this guy was cursing Doc Cosway out big-time.