Ryan : and they ride to Pier 11 together.
Castle : So one day, maybe they start talking. Maybe about the Yankee bullpen,
Castle : maybe about the attractive secretary leaning up against the railing.
Castle : And Jason starts grumbling about his wife.
Castle : Eric maybe mentions how he covets Frank's apartment.
Esposito : Yeah, well, there's an open upper deck.
Esposito : I figure that's where they were doing their plotting.
Beckett : And how the water from the Hudson got on both of them.
Castle : It gets transferred from Eric Marx's jacket and gloves
Castle : to Ashley Cosway when they struggle.
Esposito : Then to Frank Anderson when Jason Cosway swipes his watch and wallet.
Ryan : - Done deal. - Except it's all circumstantial.
Beckett : The DA will never buy it without hard evidence or a confession.
Esposito : Oh, we're gonna get a confession.
Castle : Not if we get one first.
UNK: So, bet's back on?
Beckett : You bet your britches the bet is back on.
Ryan : What are the odds?
Cosway : You guys really think a jury's gonna believe
Cosway : in such a crazy story like this, huh?
Beckett : Juries are smart.
Cosway : Yeah, yeah, they are. But you see,
Cosway : they're gonna have to do two separate trials here.
UNK: And the prosecutor's gonna have to convince them that I killed someone
Cosway : who I have no connection to and no motive whatsoever to want dead.
Cosway : And to me that's ridiculous.
Beckett : Sounds like you've given this some serious thought, Mr. Cosway.
Cosway : Cute. But wrong.
Castle : You made a pact with Eric Marx on the deck of that boat. Don't crack.
Castle : No one will ever be able to prove what you did.
Cosway : I told you guys already, I only met him the other day.
Beckett : You rode the same water taxi to work every day.
Cosway : And so does a hundred other people, every day.
Beckett : - It was your idea, wasn't it? - Really?
Beckett : Yeah. There's always one alpha in every conspiracy and that was you.
Beckett : Eric was malleable, wasn't he? And that suited you just fine.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : But Ashley wasn't, was she? She was a strong, professional woman.
Castle : A psychologist, no less. You couldn't just push her around.
Cosway : Then why did I marry her?
Castle : That's the question you asked yourself every day, isn't it?
UNK: Because you realized you didn't want a wife, you wanted a puppy.
Esposito : Now, you get a judge with political aspirations, bro...
Ryan : - Yeah, we're talking death penalty. - New York, still a lethal injection state.
Ryan : Now, you confess, you cop a plea, it's a different story.
Esposito : You're gonna save the state all sorts of money on a trial.
Ryan : Yeah, practically guaranteed to get off with just life.
UNK: Yeah, and then the judge
Esposito : can get his political bones on someone else.
Esposito : - Like your boy, Jason. - No, no, I know my rights, all right?
Marx : So you can stop with this whole "good cop, bad cop..."
Beckett : Good you know your rights, Eric,
Beckett : because your buddy Jason just rolled on you.
Esposito : - Oh, man. Come on! - Oh, yeah!
Castle : Cosway just signed his confession.
Castle : Copped a nice little plea. At your expense. Sorry, dude.
UNK: Told you we'd get our guy first.
UNK: No, no. Wait! Wait, wait, wait.
UNK: It was his idea, not mine. He planned the whole thing.
UNK: - Ryan, you were on fire tonight. - New nickname, Ice-posito.
Castle : Excellent work, Detective.
Beckett : Yeah, well, once we realized that Jason was the alpha and wouldn't break,
Beckett : it was obvious that Eric was the weak link.
UNK: Nice. When you guys came in the room and we knew you were playing,
UNK: everything just kind of went...
Ryan : Yeah, that's right, of course, we were right with you guys.
Beckett : - Oh, please. - That was the whole point,
Castle : was that you weren't in on it. That's how we sold it.
Esposito : Well, that's neither here nor there, because we won the bet.
Castle : - How's that? - Our guy broke.
Beckett : Yeah. Because we broke him.
Ryan : So what? It's like soccer. You score in our goal, it's still our point.
Beckett : Soccer? Really? You're going with that one?
Esposito : - Works for me. - Well, then, how about baseball?
UNK: Because this team just knocked it out of the park.
Ryan : Yeah, but our team was supposed to be at the bat.
UNK: - Again with that one. - Your team didn't make it to the field
UNK: because they were too scared to get off the bus.
Esposito : Castle, our team drove the bus.
Perlmutter : Yeah, well, then how about NASCAR?
Castle : As our car flew to the checkered line, you guys crashed and burned.
Beckett : Under a beautiful full moon.