Castle : So what you got?
Beckett : I just got a ping on Ashley's credit card.
Beckett : Lunch charge at Petit Bistro right next door to her office.
Beckett : The hostess confirmed that Ashley and Jason
Beckett : were having lunch there on Friday.
Beckett : And the only reason she remembers it
Beckett : is because they were making kind of a scene.
Castle : He's our screamer.
Beckett : They were arguing all the way back to the office.
Castle : He's the one she was getting a restraining order against.
Beckett : Jason's alibi that he was at the game with his friend
Beckett : - feel a little squishy to you? - Like a wormy apple.
Beckett : - Hey, Karpowski. - Yo.
Beckett : Why don't we take a better look at Jason Cosway?
Beckett : Work situation, financials and hotel bills.
Karpowski : Yeah, okay. Copy that.
Castle : - Want a coffee? - No, thanks.
UNK: I'm so in!
Beckett : Hey, Stegner.
UNK: Just admiring the great board work, Beckett.
Beckett : Care to share any insight?
UNK: - I really need to go file. - Uh-huh.
Castle : I'd be more than happy to take that off your hands.
UNK: Son of a... Nobody move.
Beckett : - What is this? - Girl Scout cookie orders.
UNK: Huh.
Castle : - Girl Scout cookie orders? - Yeah. I'm just helping out the troop.
Beckett : Funny, I didn't realize Alexis was a Girl Scout.
UNK: Oh, no, she's got so many activities, I can barely keep track.
UNK: - Freaking great. - What happened?
UNK: Ryan And Esposito : - Ballistics screwed us. - Ballistics screwed us.
Ryan : Our mugger's gun doesn't match the bullet taken from our vic.
Ryan : What's going on?
Beckett : Betting on murder cases, guys? Really?
Ryan : - What? No. - That'd be wrong.
UNK: I'm telling you, it's Girl Scout cookies.
Beckett : Girl Scout cookies are sold in February.
Beckett : You guys should be ashamed of yourselves. Now get back to work.
UNK: Listen, I'm sorry. I know it was wrong. I just thought...
Karpowski : Beckett, you are never gonna believe this.
UNK: Yeah, well, the bar on "unbelievable" is pretty high right now.
UNK: Vic's husband took out a $3 million life insurance policy on his wife last month.
UNK: Hundred on us.
Cosway : Look, the life insurance was Ashley's idea, okay?
Beckett : Okay, fine, Jason. It was Ashley's idea. Can anyone confirm that?
Cosway : Yes, I'm sure someone can. Maybe a friend.
Beckett : Well, her best friend Brandy had no idea about the life insurance.
Beckett : But she did know about a restraining order
Beckett : that your wife was trying to get against you.
UNK: That's insane. That is absolutely ridiculous.
UNK: You wanna tell us about last Friday?
Cosway : What about last Friday?
Beckett : About the screaming match at lunch
Beckett : that led all the way back to her office?
Beckett : We have multiple witnesses, Jason.
UNK: Okay. Great. You have witnesses. We had a fight.