UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : The body is speaking.
UNK: What's it saying?
Perlmutter : It's saying, "Someone shot me." One to the mid-section, .38.
UNK: Maybe even a.45. He was shot at close range and from behind.
Esposito : - That's cold. - Yeah, well, that's the living for you.
Ryan : He have any ID?
Perlmutter : Well, wallet's gone. No watch. No jewelry.
Ryan : Maybe a mugging gone bad.
UNK: Well, a looky-Ioo said she recognized him from the neighborhood.
Perlmutter : Gave his info to Officer Whojamiface over there.
UNK: "Whojamiface"?
UNK: Nice to see you making an effort to bond with the rank and file, Perlmutter.
Castle : It's not like you're just leaving yourself a note, you know,
Castle : to buy bread on the way home.
Castle : You're writing on a person you just murdered.
Castle : You're trying to make a point. A point you care a great deal about,
Castle : presumably, because you just killed someone to make it.
Castle : So how do you not make sure that you're using the proper language
Castle : to make that point?
UNK: Frank Anderson, retired middle-school math teacher from IS 161. You want in?
UNK: No, thanks. Full up.
Castle : So? How'd you find the body?
Esposito : On the ground.
UNK: - Was it positioned in a creepy way? - Yeah, like a guy who was shot.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: So, just your garden-variety homicide-robbery, huh?
UNK: Actually, pop-and-drops are some of the hardest cases to close.
Ryan : Randomness of the victim, anonymous nature of the crime.
UNK: It takes some real serious detective work.
Castle : Okay. Well, if you guys want any help, you know where to find me.
UNK: "Help"? Did you just say "help"?
Esposito : Don't worry about us, Castle.
Esposito : We'll probably close ours before your therapist.
Beckett : - Really? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Well, perhaps you'd like to make things interesting.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Wait. Are you saying you want to wager on who solves their case first?
Esposito : That's sick, bro. Fifty bucks?
Ryan : - We win, you pay us both. - Deal.
Ryan : - Sit down, sit down, sit down. - Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Esposito : Not a word to Beckett, okay?
UNK: If she finds out about this, she'll shoot us.
Castle : Secrets, murder and gambling. Three of my favorite pastimes.
Castle : - May the best man win. - May he.
Martha : Richard, that's appalling. Wagering on death.
Castle : They're already dead, Mother,
Castle : and who's to say that catching killers cannot be fun?
Alexis : - Hey, Dad, are you working tonight? - Maybe. Why?
UNK: I just have math club till 6 : 00,
UNK: and then I wanted to take Owen out for a birthday banana split at Serendipity.
UNK: I just want to do something special
UNK: because things have been a little rocky with us lately.
Castle : Nothing smoothes rocky like Rocky Road.
Castle : Just remember, it's a school night. Be home by midnight.
UNK: - Dad, I'll be home by 9 : 00. Love you. - Love you.
Martha : - Yeah, bye, darling. - Bye, guys.
Martha : Young love. First, banana splits. Then splitting assets.
Castle : - Mother, you are a hopeless romantic. - I know.
Martha : - Oops, I'm off to an audition. - And I have a bet to win.
UNK: Brandy Rossi : Yes, Detective, that's my credit card. I had dinner with her last night.
UNK: Brandy Rossi : She's my best friend. When I left her there, she was alive.
Beckett : - What time did you leave, Ms. Rossi? - Around 7 : 00.
Castle : Then where did you go?
UNK: To drinks with other associates from my firm.
UNK: I was at the Gansevoort bar until 11 : 00.
Beckett : Did you make plans to have dinner together or did you just show up?
Rossi : She called me. She said she wanted to talk.
UNK: - But I didn't... I didn't know. - You didn't know what?
Rossi : I should have said something. I should have done something, you know?
Beckett : - Why did she call, Ms. Rossi? - She needed my advice, as a lawyer.
Rossi : Something happened last Friday, something bad.
Castle : - What? - She wouldn't say.
Rossi : But I knew it was one of her patients.
Rossi : She wanted to know how to get a restraining order.
Beckett : - Against who? - Whom.
Rossi : She wouldn't say. God, I should've stayed with her.
Rossi : I shouldn't have let her off the hook.
Beckett : Looks like Ashley took her oath seriously.
Beckett : Her husband had no idea that something bad happened on Friday.
UNK: Doctor-patient privilege is supposed to protect people, not get them killed.
UNK: Hey, so the vic's girlfriend? Alibi's good.
UNK: Co-workers confirm that she arrived for drinks at 7 : 15, left at 11 : 00.
UNK: The husband's buddy places him at the Garden from 7 : 00 till about 10 : 00.
Beckett : Which leaves us with Friday's patients.
Castle : Sure would like a peek at Dr. Cosway's notes.
Beckett : Not without a warrant. We start by running their names.
Beckett : He threatened and then killed her, he's probably got violent priors.
Esposito : Once again, Mr. And Mrs. Marx, I'm very sorry for your loss.