UNK: You know what that proves? We're married.
Beckett : What did you fight about?
Cosway : I don't know what the fight was about. I can't remember.
Ryan : How does he even know we're watching?
Esposito : No wonder she's going after him so hard.
Castle : Yes. That's right. With your frat buddy, Skip.
Castle : Yes, juries do love it when friends alibi friends.
Castle : - What was your seat number? - What, excuse me?
Castle : Come on, it was just last night. Don't tell me you don't remember?
UNK: They were... They were Skip's tickets. Why don't you ask him?
Ryan : - You ever have seats like that? - Yeah, right.
Esposito : Hey, what are you on to, bro?
Castle : - So? Can we charge him? - We still need evidence.
Beckett : I'm gonna get a warrant for his apartment and see what it turns up.
Beckett : Are they watching TV?
Castle : I'm afraid they've thrown in the proverbial towel.
Beckett : - Hey, guys. - Everything okay?
UNK: Yeah, we're just enjoying last night's game.
UNK: Yeah. Isn't it great when you can get it on demand?
Esposito : I love this part. Check it out.
UNK: That's their third time out.
UNK: Yeah, already. They're just barely halfway through the first half.
Ryan : Yeah, that would be, what, just before 8 : 00?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : That's Jason Cosway.
Ryan : And I believe that that, my friends, is the definition of an airtight alibi.
Esposito : Castle, what size dress do you wear? Six? Eight?
UNK: Sixteen? Yeah.
Alexis : - Dad? - Mmm-hmm?
UNK: Yes? You okay?
UNK: Have you ever been really sure about something
UNK: and then have it all just fall apart?
Castle : As a matter of fact, I have. Owen?
Alexis : It was a train wreck.
Castle : - What happened? - Thalia.
Castle : What's a Thalia?
UNK: Some perky girl with big teeth. She came over to our table,
Alexis : gushing about how she and Owen went to Camp Chumash together
Alexis : third grade summer and how she was his first crush.
Alexis : The whole night was one big walk down memory lane.
Castle : I'm sorry, sweetie.
UNK: And the weird part was that Owen didn't even remember her.
Alexis : Not that it stopped him from being totally into it.
Alexis : I mean, even in the taxi back, he kept saying how amazing it was
Alexis : that they met after all these years at Serendipity. How it was so
UNK: Alexis And Castle : - serendipitous. - Serendipitous.
Alexis : How am I supposed to compete with that?
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : - Where are you now? - Yes, I'm in the elevator right now.
Beckett : Where have you been?
Castle : Apologizing for the male race. Did we catch a break?
Beckett : - No. But the boys did. - Another mugger?
Beckett : I don't know, but they look pretty hot on something.
Castle : What? What do you have?
Esposito : Why don't you go ahead and give them a little taste, bro?
Ryan : Turns out our vic had a rent-controlled apartment.
Ryan : Stays in the family, it stays rent-controlled.
UNK: - $562 a month. Three bedrooms. - I'd kill for that.
UNK: According to a neighbor, vic's son-in-law borrowed money
Ryan : from the old man a bunch of times over the years,
Ryan : but recently he cut him off.
UNK: Son-in-law...
Ryan : Ryan. Really? Yeah, we're on it. Come on.
Esposito : - Something good? - Let's go.
UNK: - Well, what is it? - Wouldn't you like to know?
Castle : Hey, come on.
Castle : Got a bad feeling about this.
Beckett : Are we really rooting against solving a murder?