UNK: Ahhh!
UNK: I love you! I love you!
Castle : What is it about full moons that bring out all the crazies?
Beckett : I don't know. You tell me.
Beckett : Hey, Karpowski. How's it going?
UNK: Same old, same old. And you, Beckett?
Beckett : I can't complain.
UNK: You guys should really sell tickets. I mean, you got everything,
UNK: madness, mayhem. Now all you need is...
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Ashley Cosway, 32, couples therapist.
Ryan : Husband found her just before midnight.
Esposito : Was picking her up on his way home
Esposito : after the St. John's game at the Garden.
Beckett : - Any witnesses? - None so far.
Esposito : But I did find a receipt for this takeout right here.
Beckett : Dinner for two.
Esposito : Yeah, it's from Szechuan Wok, over on Ninth.
UNK: The receipt doesn't match any of the cards in the vic's wallet.
Beckett : - Husband recognize the number? - Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : - When was it charged? - 6 : 02 pm.
UNK: Lanie puts the time of death around 8 : 00.
Castle : Whoever she had dinner with
Castle : may have been the last person to see her alive.
Beckett : Or the first one to see her dead. Run the card.
Castle : You know, if this was one of those super science-y forensic shows,
UNK: we'd stick some electrodes in these fishes' brains.
UNK: Get a fish-eye view of whatever they saw.
UNK: Dr. Parish. When'd they change the dress code downtown?
Lanie : Well, unlike you, I don't sit around work all night
Lanie : waiting for the next vic to show.
Lanie : - Quit looking at the girls, Castle. - Roger that.
Lanie : Multiple GSWs. Entries look fairly small-caliber, probably a.22.
UNK: "Psycho The Rapist"? "You're out of time"?
Lanie : Looks like a patient lost their patience.
Castle : Also his command of grammar.
UNK: "Your" should be U-apostrophe-R-E, as in "you are."
UNK: That's not even a tough one, not like when to use "who" or "whom."
Beckett : Do you really think that's the take-away here, Castle?
Castle : I'm just saying whoever killed her also murdered the English language.
Beckett : - Any signs of struggle? - Bruises on both arms.
Beckett : Check for fibers and hair. See if our killer left anything behind.
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : - Castle! - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: No. She never discussed her patients. Ash was very professional that way.
Beckett : What was she doing here so late?
Cosway : She always would have a couple nights a month
Cosway : where she'd work late, writing up case notes.
Cosway : I'd use that as a time to go out with the boys and have a boys' night,
UNK: and when I'd get back I'd walk her home.
Beckett : Did you know who she was having dinner with?
UNK: No. I mean, unless someone called her after we spoke.
Beckett : - And when was that? - Before I left work. 6 : 00-ish.
Cosway : I was heading out to the game.
Castle : - What did you talk about? - Just a meaningless check-in. And I...
Cosway : Right now I remember I didn't say "I love you."
Beckett : - Thank you, Mr. Cosway. - Yeah.
UNK: I got another. Pop-and-drop on Hundredth and Second.
Castle : Full moon strikes again.
Beckett : All right, you guys go on uptown and I'll finish up here.
Ryan : So much for my famous warm honey-milk with Jenny tonight.
Ryan : Did I just say that out loud?
UNK: Her husband calls before 6 : 00 and the food's picked up at 6 : 02.
Beckett : She knew who she was having dinner with.
Castle : Someone with bad grammar.
Esposito : A warm milk nightcap with your lady? That is sad, bro.
Ryan : It helps her sleep.
UNK: How about the sound of your voice? Doesn't... Works on me.
UNK: How you doing, Dr. Perlmutter?