Castle : Well, I don't want to shave my head, do you?
Beckett : - Why would I shave my head? - You're in on the bet, aren't you?
Beckett : Yeah, but I didn't realize...
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay. We'll be right there.
Beckett : Lanie just found something in the forensic report.
Castle : Well, I hope it's better than their son-in-law.
Ryan : And you're sure it was them? Okay, thanks.
Esposito : I don't even want to know.
UNK: Two bartenders and the manager put Frank's son-in-law, Eric,
UNK: and daughter, Christina, uptown at their friend Eddie's birthday party
UNK: at Dublin House from 9 : 15 till after midnight.
UNK: Dude, if I have to shave my head it's going on you.
Castle : What are you doing here? - What are you doing here?
Beckett : Lanie called us.
Esposito : - No. She called us. - Yeah.
Lanie : Actually, I called both of you. I think your cases might be connected.
Lanie : Perlmutter was giving me the rundown on Ryan and Esposito's mugging case
Lanie : when a certain forensic detail popped out at me.
Perlmutter : - Orthosilicic acid. - Ortho what-now?
Lanie : It's the fancy term for "saltwater compound."
Beckett : That's not very specific.
Lanie : True. But we identified the diatoms in the sample as well,
Lanie : which makes it extremely specific.
Lanie : It narrows it down to a single body of water.
Esposito : So our guy took a swim.
Lanie : Not quite. It was only trace amounts. But we found orthosilicic acid
Lanie : with the exact same diatoms on Ashley Cosway, as well.
Castle : Both victims had contact with the same body of water?
Lanie : - Direct contact. - What are the odds?
Perlmutter : It'd be like finding the same fingerprint on both bodies.
Beckett : Do we know what body of water?
Lanie : No. I would need a sample to test it against.
Lanie : - Castle? - Could it be a small body of water?
UNK: Sure. As long as it's salt water.
Castle : Dr. Cosway's fish tank. Check out Nemo.
UNK: Clownfish need saltwater to live.
Beckett : Okay, but how did this get on both of our vics?
Beckett : Wouldn't they have had to stick their hands in there or something?
Lanie : You see that salt encrustation along the top?
UNK: Yeah. - The pump just kicks it into the air.
Perlmutter : Yeah, anyone who spent time in that office
Perlmutter : would have trace amounts of that tank's specific saltwater compound on them.
Beckett : So, then, Frank had to have been in Ashley's office
UNK: some time before he was murdered?
UNK: It's possible. But remember, Ashley was murdered first.
Beckett : Then our perp was in there.
Castle : That's where he got the compound on him,
Castle : then he transferred it to Frank when he took his watch and wallet.
Beckett : Which means both of our vics were killed by the same person.
UNK: Christina Marx : - I thought Dad was mugged. - Yeah, like, randomly.
Beckett : We don't believe it was random anymore.
Beckett : Mr. Cosway's wife, Ashley, was killed earlier that night.
Beckett : We think the same person killed your father
Beckett : and then tried to stage it as if they were two isolated incidents.
Castle : We're trying to find a connection between them.
Beckett : This is Mrs. Cosway and this is Mr. Anderson.
Beckett : Do either of them look familiar?
Cosway : No. Not at all. I'm sorry.
Castle : Mrs. Cosway was a therapist. Did your father ever go to therapy?
Christina : Dad? No.
Christina : No disrespect to your wife, but he didn't really go for that kind of stuff.
Beckett : Well, this is a list of Mrs. Cosway's patients.
Beckett : Would you mind taking a look at the names,
Beckett : see if you recognize any of them?
Christina : I don't think so.
Beckett : - No. - No.
Beckett : Take your time.
Beckett : Do you really think there's a connection here?
UNK: I mean, we live in different parts of the city, you know,
Cosway : we work at different places, we're...
UNK: Go ahead, you can say it, we're black and you're white.
UNK: No, no, I'm just saying we're different. That's all I was saying.
Castle : They may have inadvertently witnessed something
Castle : or been privy to some information
Castle : that someone very powerful wanted to keep under wraps.
Beckett : There are any number of possibilities,
Beckett : - we just want... Grovner.
Castle : - What was that? - This name, Grovner.
UNK: It kind of rings a bell.
Christina : Do you remember, about five years back,
Christina : some kid's dad shoved him for some reason.
Eric : Yeah, school security got involved.
Christina : I think his name was Grovner.
Beckett : We'll get a warrant for his patient file. If there's a connection, we'll find it.
UNK: So, the principal at IS 161 said that Grovner assaulted your vic
UNK: after Mr. Anderson reported him on suspicion of child abuse.