UNK: Hello. I'm yournew home operating system.
Lucy : My name is Lucy. What's yours?
Castle : Uh, my name is Rick Castle, and...
UNK: And...
UNK: My wife just left me.
Lucy : Yikes. Sucks to be you, Rick.
UNK: Vikram Singh : Can't you hit any harder than that?
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Oh, I'll take that as a yes.
Alexis : Come on.
UNK: Listen, you could still back out.
Beckett : I can do this on my own.
Vikram : Not a chance.
Vikram : I'd be dead if not for you, which means I owe you.
Vikram : Besides, I always wanted to be a digital investigator for the NYPD.
Beckett : It's a real job, Vikram.
UNK: You'll be helping the 12th solve homicides.
Vikram : By day.
Vikram : By night, I'll wear a cape and track down the mysterious villain
Vikram : who sent a hit squad to kill us, then scapegoat-murdered Allison Hyde.
Beckett : Would you take this seriously, please?
UNK: I just blew up my marriage to go down this path.
Vikram : I'm sorry.
Vikram : Hell, I should be giving you the chance to back out.
UNK: No. If I don't getjustice for Rachel and for everyone else, no one will.
UNK: We just gotta do this fast.
UNK: Fast is the one speed we can't move. We need stealth.
UNK: Ifthis takes any longer,
Beckett : then Castle's going to figure out what we're doing.
Vikram : And if he does?
UNK: He's gonna step in and he's gonna put himself in danger.
UNK: Then make sure he stays away.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Has Beckett told you anything about the breakup yet?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Not a word. You talk to Castle about it?
Ryan : No. And I left him a bunch of messages.
Esposito : Shakes your faith. I guess nothing in life is permanent.
Beckett : Tell that to the victim.
UNK: Oh, hey. Captain Beckett. What brings you out into the field?
Beckett : Work. what do you think,
Beckett : I'm going to be stuck in the office just 'cause I'm Captain?
Beckett : So who's our fugitive?
Esposito : No ID yet, but the jumpsuit is standard issue at Rikers.
UNK: But they say that none of their prisoners have gone missing.
Ryan : We had them lock down the facility,
UNK: but a 14,000-inmate headcount's gonna take some time.
Beckett : - You run his prints? - Yeah. So far, nothing.
Beckett : Nothing? The guy's a convicted felon. His fingerprints are on file.
Ryan : - Yeah. - Probably a glitch.
Esposito : You know, those portable scanners,
Esposito : - sometimes they're wonky. - Yeah.
Beckett : Is there any chance that this wasn't a homicide?
UNK: Lanie Parish : None. It took brute force to puncture the victim's body with that branch.
UNK: Someone had to shove him onto it.
Beckett : So how does an escaped convict from Rikers Island
Beckett : end up in the middle of Central Park without anyone seeing him?
Lanie : It was late.
Lanie : Lividity puts the time of death between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: AII right, keep running prints.
UNK: I'm gonna walk around, see what I can find.
UNK: Go.
Lanie : Hey. You didn't call me back.
UNK: Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
UNK: Oh, it's okay. But are you okay?
UNK: I'm fine. I'm just a little lost,
UNK: and taking some space so I can figure things out.
Beckett : I just hope that I haven't hurt him too much.
Lanie : Girl, please, Castle is a grown-ass man.
Lanie : And he knows that you love him very much.
Lanie : I'm sure he's okay.
UNK: I just... I don't know what to do, Lucy.
Lucy : I've compiled a list of top-ranked divorce attorneys.
Castle : No, I don't want a divorce.
Castle : I want my wife back. How am I gonna do that?
UNK: I don't know. How did you get her in the first place, Rick?
Castle : Has Beckett talked to you?
Lanie : Give us a minute.
Lanie : You know better than to think I would betray her confidence.
Castle : Damn it, Lanie, tell me.
Castle : Why is Beckett keeping me in the dark?
Lanie : The man who went Houdini for two months last year?
UNK: Whoa. I didn't Houdini. I was Houdini'd.
Lanie : Doesn't matter. when you came back, she accepted you without question.
Lanie : So you can damn well give her some space now.
Castle : I can't lose her.
Lanie : I know.
UNK: Is that from the 12th?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Escaped prisoner. Young. Maybe 21, 22.
UNK: Is that iron fence?
Lanie : - Tree branch. - Ouch.
Castle : Got an ID yet?
Lanie : I'm not telling you.
Castle : I've seen this devil before.
UNK: Just stop.