Castle : You're doing great, honey. Not to rush you, but...
Castle : wait a minute. Something's not right here.
Beckett : How did Peter reach the vent from inside the cell?
UNK: It was a two-man job.
UNK: Two prisoners escaped, but only one was missing.
Vikram : Which means...
Beckett : The killer came back!
Beckett : I'll open the door.
Ryan : Thanks for coming down to the station, Emily.
Ryan : We just have a few questions about the prison experiment,
Ryan : and how you helped Peter escape from it.
Emily : What are you talking about?
Esposito : Well, Peter reached through the bars,
Esposito : and he hoisted you up and you both escaped, didn't you?
Ryan : And then you killed Peter in the park
Ryan : and then returned to the prison, to your cell. The perfect alibi.
UNK: That's ridiculous. why would I kill him?
Ryan : Emily, we know about the scholarship. You needed it to stay in school.
Emily : Yeah, but he won fair and square.
Ryan : We know that's not true.
Ryan : Peter won that scholarship
Beckett : because he was having an affair with the dean.
Esposito : And then when you found out about it in the prison, you took your revenge.
Emily : It wasn't me.
Esposito : - Stop lying, Emily! - It wasn't!
Emily : It was a different me.
Emily : That experiment messed with my head.
UNK: After we escaped, I just snapped.
Emily : It was so unfair. I had worked so hard, did everything right.
Emily : When Peter ran into the park, I went after him.
Emily : Then I saw that tree branch.
Emily : Why did I do that?
Vikram : - Thanks for meeting me. - Yeah.
Vikram : I finished piecing this together for our investigation.
Vikram : You're having second thoughts, aren't you?
Beckett : Yeah, I just knew that this was gonna be tough.
UNK: I didn't think it was gonna be like this.
Vikram : I get it. I do.
UNK: Look, maybe we need to stop before we start.
Vikram : Beckett, I'll follow your lead.
Vikram : What should we do?
Beckett : Let's get to work.
Feller : That is...
UNK: Fifty-year-old Scotch.
Alexis : Yeah, I bought a case of it.
Castle : Alexis, that's expensive.
Alexis : - Relax, Dad, the company paid for it. - Oh.
UNK: Okay. wait, that means I paid for it.
Alexis : To closing the case.
Castle : To generous expense accounts.
UNK: So, any progress with Beckett?
Castle : You know, at the prison, we, um, sort of had a moment.
UNK: Really?
Castle : Yeah. I think my plan is working.
Castle : I mean, it has to, right?
UNK: Um...
Esposito : You know what? We're gonna start a tradition
Castle : for when we solve a case together.
Alexis : I don't smoke. And neither do you.
Castle : Who said anything about smoking?