Lanie : Working murders is not yourjob anymore.
UNK: He's gonna be an absolute wreck.
UNK: Alexis Castle : And it's our job not to let him spin out. That's what the CDRK is for.
Martha : - Castle Depression Rescue Kit. - Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : Video games. Sumatran civet coffee beans.
Alexis : Enhanced Blu-rays of the original Twilight Zone. And this.
UNK: Nine-woof-woof?
Alexis : Puppies at your doorstep in 30 minutes or less.
Ryan : - Ah. - Puppies.
Castle : Good morning, my lovelies.
Castle : Isn't it great to be alive?
Martha : Richard, are you feeling okay?
Castle : Never better.
Castle : Because I know how to win Beckett back.
Alexis : Is she wanting to be won back?
Castle : When we first met, it was my roguish charm
Castle : that caused Beckett to drop her guard,
Castle : but it was my Sherlockian skills that made her fall in love with me.
Castle : I just have to solve a few cases with her
UNK: to show her that together, we are still magic.
Martha : Richard, you do know that you cannot just barge your way into the precinct
Martha : and talk your way onto a case anymore.
Castle : I am a licensed private investigator.
Castle : I don't need a precinct to solve a case.
Castle : Now, this tattoo was on the body of a dead convict found in Central Park.
Castle : I know I've seen it somewhere before,
Castle : I just don't know where.
Beckett : I do.
UNK: Hi. Um, Rikers completed their headcount.
UNK: AII inmates are accounted for.
Beckett : So where'd the vic's jumpsuit come from?
Esposito : Costume shop.
Esposito : Our John Doe was not an inmate, he was a college student.
Esposito : Tattoo on his shoulder is the original mascot design
Esposito : of the Hudson U. Red Devils.
Esposito : Now, I checked the college website.
Esposito : Peter Garber, 21 years old. Majoring in marketing.
Ryan : But that doesn't explain the jumpsuit.
Beckett : You guys, it's October.
Beckett : Halloween's basically a month-Iong party in college.
Ryan : Ah, the hallowed halls of academia. I remember them well.
Esposito : More like the hallowed halls of crackheads at my schools.
Beckett : Head over to Peter's frat house, interview his roommates.
UNK: I'm gonna break the bad news to the dean.
UNK: - AII right. - Okay.
Beckett : Hi, I'm Captain Beckett. I need to speak with Dean Feller, please.
UNK: It will be nice to have a best-selling author on the faculty.
UNK: Dean Carla Feller : Welcome to the Hudson family, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Oh, please, Dean Feller, call me Professor Castle.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : Captain Beckett. Fancy seeing you here.
Beckett : Castle, I know what you're doing.
Castle : Giving back to the community by molding young minds?
UNK: You're notjoining this case.
Feller : Aren't you two married?
Castle : Yes, we are.
Castle : Dean Feller, meet Captain Beckett of the 12th Precinct.
Beckett : Yes. And husband and wife need a moment in private.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, hang on...
UNK: Ah, it took me an hour to tie this.
UNK: Wait, you saw the tattoo at the morgue, didn't you?
Castle : I saw Lanie at the morgue.
Castle : I can't recall if I saw other things on bodies with gruesome chest wounds.
Beckett : Let me ask you, how large of a donation check
Beckett : did you write in order to become a professor?
Castle : Guest professor.
Castle : Look, I have no desire to interfere with your case.
Castle : But I can't help it if my path crosses with yours while I'm teaching here.
Beckett : Castle, I asked for time. Why can't you give me that?
Castle : Because you need me.
Beckett : - I can't do this right now. - Kate...
Feller : I'm sorry to interrupt,
Feller : but I really need to know why there are police on my campus.
UNK: A student ofyours, Peter Garber,
Beckett : was found murdered in Central Park last night.
Feller : That's awful.
Feller : He was a wonderful young man.
Feller : A model student. He won this year's Fellowship Award.
Beckett : Well, I'll need access to all of his files
UNK: as well as a discreet room to interview his teachers and friends.
Feller : Of course.
UNK: And as for you, Professor, this is a police investigation.
Beckett : Stay out of it.