Alexis : Wait, they're all my age.
Castle : Exactly, and I'm betting they're all Hudson University students.
Castle : They're doing a reenactment of the Stanford Prison Experiment.
Alexis : That thing from the '70s?
Alexis : Where they studied the psychological effects
Alexis : of making students pretend to be prisoners and guards?
Castle : Makes sense.
Castle : Dr. Lillstrom is head of the psych department.
UNK: Who else is gonna have the kind of pull to put something like this together?
UNK: I think Peter Shawshank-ed his way out of here.
UNK: Peter?
Emily : He actually escaped?
Castle : You know Peter?
Emily : He was in your cell.
Emily : But one day we woke up and he was just gone.
UNK: What did the guards say?
Emily : They freaked.
Emily : How'd he get out of his cell?
UNK: But we didn't know ifthey were just messing with our heads,
Emily : 'cause that's what they do here.
Alexis : Did you volunteer for this?
Emily : I needed the money, but now I just wanna go home.
UNK: Wait, you mean there's no panic button?
Castle : There's no safety mechanism ifyou wanna quit?
Emily : There was a white flag, but they removed it when Peter was demoted.
Alexis : Peter was a guard before he was an inmate?
Emily : Head guard, recruited by warden Lillstrom.
Emily : But he was nice to us.
Emily : I think that's why Lillstrom turned on him.
Emily : She made Peter an inmate. Forced him to sit in the chair.
Castle : What chair are we talking about?
Emily : Our daily interrogations.
Emily : We're strapped to a chair.
Emily : Lillstrom flashes images in our eyes over and over.
UNK: AII these strange lights.
Alexis : What does Lillstrom want to know?
Emily : Our secrets.
Emily : The darker, the better.
Emily : It's like she's sliding around your brain, peeking into your soul.
Castle : Hey. Come open this cell.
UNK: Guard 2 : I give the orders here, inmate.
UNK: And I give the grades.
UNK: You saw my faculty ID.
UNK: So here's the pop quiz.
UNK: Failure to open this cell
UNK: will cause an oh-so-disastrous end to your academic career.
UNK: True or false?
Alexis : Hey. Hers, too.
Castle : Take us to Dr. Lillstrom. Right now.
UNK: Warden,
UNK: we, um, have a problem.
UNK: Barbara Lillstrom : Damn right we do. Years of planning, of research ruined.
UNK: Do you have any idea of the damage you've caused?
Castle : Ask me if I care.
Castle : We're here investigating Peter's murder.
Emily : Peter's dead?
Lillstrom : Look, he broke out. That's not my responsibility.
Lillstrom : New York's a dangerous town.
Castle : We know all about your relationship with Peter.
Lillstrom : I'm the advisor on his thesis.
Castle : You advised him on a lot more than that.
Castle : You were having an affair.
Lillstrom : Excuse me?
Castle : We found your little sex dungeon
Castle : and the message you wrote on the mirror.
Castle : Peter broke up with you, didn't he?
Castle : So you punished him the only way you knew how,
Castle : by making him your prisoner.
UNK: But then he escaped.
Castle : Is that when you decided he had to die, Doctor?
Guard : You killed Peter?
Lillstrom : It's not true. Any of it.
Castle : You're coming with me.
UNK: What?
Castle : You open those cells, but no one leaves here until I return with the police.
Lillstrom : Do not listen to him.
UNK: Oh, and, uh, you're indoors and it's dark,
Castle : so take off the sunglasses. You look stupid.
Castle : Yet another case closed, courtesy of Richard Castle Investigations.
UNK: Um, who is this woman? And are you in handcuffs?
Lillstrom : This man abducted me.
Castle : It's not an abduction.
Castle : It's a citizen's arrest, please get it straight.
Castle : Beckett, please meet Dr. Lillstrom.
Castle : She was Peter's teacher with benefits. The real kinky kind, too.
Castle : But when Peter ended their trysts,
Castle : she locked him up in a secret underground prison experiment,
UNK: which is where I caught her.
Castle : You're welcome, honey.
Beckett : You went to an underground prison?
UNK: Alone?
Castle : No, not alone. I had Alexis with me.
Beckett : Oh, well, since you had backup.
Beckett : Are you kidding, Castle, your daughter?
Castle : When you say it in that tone, I sound like a bad parent.
UNK: Regardless, Dr. Lillstrom is a suspect. Trust me.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: There's protocol. You knew that.
UNK: Ifyou had a lead, you should have called us.