Beckett : Castle, go home. You're drunk.
Castle : I'm not drunk. Casing the crack, crack, crack... Cracking the case.
Beckett : You're a lightweight.
UNK: Come on, Dad, time to go.
Castle : Okay, angel, you're driving.
UNK: You're pretty hot for a cop.
Beckett : - I have a gun. - Right.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Beckett. - It's Vikram.
Vikram : I found your dead guy resurrected in New Jersey
Vikram : and I know where you can find him.
Beckett : It's been a long time.
UNK: Mr. Smith : What the hell are you doing here?
Beckett : Sorry to shake your snow globe, but you helped me once,
Beckett : when I was being framed for Vulcan Simmons' murder,
Beckett : and I need your help again.
UNK: Forget it. I've paid all my debts.
Beckett : This man killed an Assistant AG
Beckett : connected to Bracken's dirty money scheme.
Smith : I don't know him.
Beckett : He works for Bracken's partner.
Beckett : Some mystery man or woman deep inside the CIA.
Smith : Why can't you just leave this alone?
Beckett : I wasn't built that way.
Smith : Look, I've got a good thing here.
Smith : A woman who loves me. A new life.
Smith : I'm happy.
Smith : You could be, too.
Smith : You just have to let it go.
Castle : I can't.
Smith : What makes you think the drug shipments stopped
Smith : with Vulcan Simmons' death?
Smith : Every narcotic has a signature, a fingerprint, ifyou will.
UNK: You find his, pick up the trail.
Castle : - Thank you. - Don't.
UNK: You're gonna get yourself killed.
Smith : Come on, boy.
UNK: Oh, you're getting too old for drinking games, kiddo.
Castle : It was for the case.
Martha : The one that Katherine keeps throwing you off of?
Castle : I didn't win her love overnight the first time.
UNK: I'm making progress, huh?
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Where are we on Peter's faculty girlfriend?
Alexis : Dr. Barbara Lillstrom. Head of the psych department at Hudson U.
Alexis : Top of her class at Harvard Med School.
Alexis : She was advising Peter's senior thesis.
Castle : And they had an illicit student-faculty relationship.
Castle : One that ended ugly once he rejected her.
Castle : Only I'm betting Peter was expecting a bad grade, not impalement.
Alexis : I contacted the psych department. Lillstrom's been out all week.
Castle : She could be on the run.
Alexis : If she is, she didn't run far. Or at least her phone didn't.
Alexis : Her cell signal went dead yesterday,
Alexis : but it last pinged off a tower outside of a tenant-Iess building here.
Castle : That's four blocks away from where Peter was killed.
Esposito : You know,
UNK: ifyou wanna curry favor with Katherine after last night's little debacle,
Martha : you might tell her about this.
Castle : No, first, we'll confirm Lillstrom is there,
Castle : then we'll call in the cavalry.
Alexis : Times like this, I wish you were more comfortable
Alexis : carrying a gun on your person, notjust in your desk.
Castle : A good PI relies on his wits first, bullets second.
Alexis : After your wits.
Castle : What was that?
UNK: This explains Peter's prison jumpsuit.
Guard : - Don't move. - Easy there, fella.
Castle : Unless you're a New York Yankee, quit trying to steal second base.
Guard : Watch your mouth.
Castle : I'm just saying, buy me a drink first.
Beckett : Take this.
Guard : Here, open four.
UNK: What?
UNK: Guard 2 : Are you sure about this?
Guard : I have to warn the warden.
Alexis : What kind of prison is this?
Castle : Take a look around.
UNK: You notice any similarities between the guards and the inmates?