Castle : She's such a kidder.
Esposito : We got something.
Esposito : What's wrong?
Beckett : Castle's here.
UNK: He's bought himself a PhD to get in on this case.
Beckett : You guys are not to work with him in any way. Is that understood?
Ryan : - Yeah. - Yes, absolutely.
Beckett : Okay, so what do we got?
Ryan : A suspect.
UNK: Yeah?
Esposito : Peter was pledge master at the Beta Omega Rho fraternity house.
Beckett : Let me guess. He hazed someone and they threatened revenge.
Ryan : The opposite, actually.
Ryan : Scott Powell. Former Beta Omega.
Ryan : Scott terrorized a group of pledges, got one of 'em sent to the hospital.
Ryan : So Peter turned Scott in, got him booted from the frat.
Beckett : Okay, well, that sounds like motive. Let's bring him in for questioning.
Esposito : Yeah, that might not be the right approach.
Ryan : Scott's dad is a defense attorney.
UNK: When the university tried to expel Scott, Daddy threatened to sue.
UNK: So Scott's not gonna talk to us.
UNK: Unless we can get him to talk without him realizing that he's talking.
UNK: How do you plan on doing that?
Esposito : So how's the talent in marketing class?
Ryan : Oh, solid. Especially this hot blonde named Jenny.
UNK: - Aw, for real? - Yeah.
UNK: Hey, did you see that frat boy
UNK: who got murdered last night in the park?
UNK: Aw, yeah. I heard he got impaled.
UNK: Ah, was it Peter something? What house was he in?
Esposito : No idea.
Esposito : Hey, bro. You know what frat the dead dude's from?
UNK: Scott Powell : No, Officer, I sure don't.
Esposito : What? we ain't cops, man.
UNK: Dude, you look like you're 40.
UNK: Bitch, please, I got carded last week.
Scott : Yeah, for your AARP card.
Scott : And your partner's growing ear hair in front of my eyes.
UNK: AII right, funny man.
UNK: We heard that you had a hate-on for Peter Garber.
UNK: So you wanna tell us where you were last night?
Scott : No, but you can call my lawyer.
UNK: He's gonna get a real kick out ofyou guys. Have a nice day.
UNK: And remember, fiber's your friend.
Ryan : I don't really have old man ear hair, do I?
Castle : Guys, you didn't really think
Castle : you could Jump Street the prime suspect, did you?
Esposito : Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : I heard about the Scott Powell hazing incident
UNK: and I thought I'd offer the NYPD my PI services.
Ryan : No, thanks.
Castle : - Free of charge. - No, thanks.
UNK: AII right, fine. Guess I'll just use my newfound faculty privileges
Castle : to talk to Scott on my own.
Castle : He's got a contemporary lit class in 30 minutes
Castle : and they have a very special guest speaker.
Castle : A certain ruggedly handsome bestselling author.
Esposito : He just might be the angle we need to get this guy Scott to talk.
Ryan : Beckett gave us a direct order.
Esposito : Will she be more upset when she finds out Castle solved this case before us,
Esposito : or when she finds out we've been cooperating with him?
Castle : Perhaps my secret weapon is the loophole you're looking for.
Esposito : What secret weapon?