Castle : Oh, believe me, I wanted to, but they locked us up in a cell.
Beckett : No, I mean you should have called us...
Beckett : wait, they locked you up?
Beckett : You know what? Never mind. I don't wanna know.
Beckett : Just go find Ryan and Espo and take them to the prison.
Lillstrom : That man is insane.
Lillstrom : I'm innocent.
Beckett : If he says you're a suspect, then trust me, you're far from innocent.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : Right this way, guys.
Castle : Oh, no.
Castle : Oh, no, no, no, no!
Castle : I told them to stay.
Esposito : They're not dogs, Castle, they're college kids.
UNK: What did you expect?
Ryan : This place has been completely cleared out.
Ryan : Dr. Lillstrom must have had a contingency plan.
Castle : They took all the evidence.
Castle : And I let it happen.
UNK: AII because I wanted to impress Beckett.
Castle : Sorry, Beckett. I screwed up.
Beckett : Yeah, you did.
Castle : And I jeopardized the entire case.
Beckett : Again, yes.
Beckett : But you know what, if it wasn't for you, then we'd still be thinking
Beckett : that Peter's prison uniform was a Halloween costume.
Esposito : So, I've been digging into Dr. Lillstrom.
UNK: Did you know that for the past decade she's been contracting with the Army?
Esposito : Working psy-ops?
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : The Navy funded the first, the original Stanford Prison Experiment.
Castle : Maybe the Army is behind Dr. Lillstrom's modern-day incarnation.
Esposito : That would explain how the place was scrubbed so quickly.
Beckett : Now, why would the military be interested
Beckett : in a bunch of college students playing prison?
Esposito : Well, the government's in need of new counter-terrorism techniques,
Esposito : aimed at the millennial generation.
Esposito : How to get into the minds ofyoung terrorists and break them.
Beckett : And what better source of lab rats than the millennials here at home?
Esposito : But we'll never get those surveillance tapes back,
Esposito : so how do we prove that Lillstrom left the prison
Esposito : to kill Peter after he escaped?
Beckett : We need a confession.
Castle : Well, the doc likes mind games, right?
Lillstrom : Charge me or let me go.
UNK: Which sounds better, "Negligent infliction of emotional distress,"
UNK: or "Gross psychological abuse"?
Esposito : What are you doing?
Beckett : I'm writing an e-mail to the entire Hud U. faculty.
Beckett : I figured I'd let everyone know
Beckett : that you were conducting an unauthorized experiment
Beckett : with members of the student body, secretly funded by the US military.
Lillstrom : I'd love to see you prove it.
Lillstrom : Especially because every participating student
Lillstrom : signs a non-disclosure agreement.
Beckett : Oh, well, then I suppose you won't mind if I send this.
Lillstrom : Wait! wait.
Lillstrom : What will it take for you not to tell anyone at Hudson about this?
Beckett : The truth.
Lillstrom : Do I have your word, Captain?
Beckett : Hud U. will never hear from me.
Lillstrom : Okay. I didn't kill Peter. And I wasn't sleeping with him.
UNK: That's all you got?
Beckett : Well, then I'm sending it.
Lillstrom : Look, it's the truth.
Lillstrom : The night Peter escaped, I wasn't even at the prison.
Beckett : Then where were you?
Lillstrom : A pipe burst in my apartment. I was dealing with it all night.
Lillstrom : Check with my doorman.
UNK: But ifyou're thinking
Lillstrom : whoever was having an affair with Peter killed him,
Lillstrom : I might be able to help.
Beckett : Now we're talking.
Lillstrom : My study deals with extracting secrets from unwilling subjects.
Beckett : And Peter revealed that he was having an affair?
Beckett : So, who was he sleeping with?
Lillstrom : Someone on that list.
Beckett : Dean Feller, I'm sure you know why you're here.
Feller : Actually, I don't.
Ryan : Well, we found the studio apartment.
Feller : I don't know what that is.
UNK: Really?
Ryan : Because we showed your photo to the neighbors.
Ryan : - They were able to tell us... - Okay.
Feller : Look, Peter stood me up a couple of nights in a row.
Feller : And I was hurt, so I wrote him a message.
Beckett : Peter stood you up
Beckett : because he was trapped inside of Dr. Lillstrom's prison experiment.
Feller : What prison experiment?
Beckett : Peter told you about the hell that he was stuck in.
Beckett : Phone records show that you received a collect call
UNK: from a payphone near the crime scene.
Feller : Yes, Peter called me. He was panicked.
Feller : He told me to pick him up at the park and he would explain everything.
Feller : But he never said anything about a prison.
Feller : He never showed.
Beckett : Did Peter tell you that Dr. Lillstrom extracted the secret ofyour affair?
Beckett : Is that why you killed him?
Ryan : Because he was the only one who could verify the truth?
UNK: What?
Lillstrom : I didn't kill Peter.
Feller : I want a lawyer. Right now.
Castle : You're not buying this, are you?
Castle : No confession, no smoking gun. It's just...
Castle : Not clean.
Beckett : Well, that's how homicides are sometimes.
Beckett : You know that.
Castle : Yeah, but something's still bothering me.
Castle : There's a part of the mystery that hasn't been solved yet.
Castle : We're missing part of the story.
Beckett : And how do you suggest we find it?
Castle : Same way we always do.
Castle : We start at the beginning. Back at the prison.
Beckett : You just want an excuse to get me alone.