Castle : Could be.
Beckett : Hey! Castle,
Beckett : if this case is boring for you, you don't have to stay.
Castle : No, I'm just checking my e-mail and my texts to see if Alexis called.
Castle : I can't believe she told my mother she's in love
Castle : and is holding out on me.
Alexis : - Oh. - I'm gonna call her.
UNK: No, no. You have to let her tell you in her own time when she's ready.
Castle : I'm the cool dad. Why can't she be ready?
Beckett : Wait. Listen to me. My dad tried to do the same thing when I was her age
Beckett : and I ended up dating a grunge rocker who smelled like wet flannel
Beckett : and clove cigarettes, for seven months.
Beckett : You do not mess with a teenage girl and her hormones.
Castle : You're right.
Castle : I won't call her.
Castle : Did you say something about a giant moth?
UNK: No.
UNK: Adam Murphy : In his underwear?
UNK: Adam Murphy : Danny's been working for me for two years,
UNK: Adam Murphy : but, I just don't know what he'd have been up to in the park.
UNK: Adam Murphy : He wasn't exactly the outdoors type.
Beckett : What about antique guns, Mr. Murphy? Do you know anything about them?
Adam : Antiques? No.
Adam : No, he wasn't into guns at all.
Beckett : Well, I understand that he worked long hours.
Beckett : Do you know when he left last night?
UNK: Yeah, right around 9 : 30.
Castle : - Hey! Let me help you with that. - Thanks.
Adam : This is Julia Foster, Danny's assistant.
Adam : This is Detective Beckett and Richard Castle.
Alexis : - Hi. - Hi.
Castle : Were you here last night when Goldstein left?
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : Any idea where he was heading?
UNK: No. He just said good night.
Beckett : And what about during the day?
Beckett : Was there anything out of the ordinary?
Beckett : Any strange phone calls?
Julia : No, just the usual unhappy investor.
UNK: Although...
Castle : Although what?
Adam : The Lower Tide Fund.
Castle : What's that?
Adam : It was one of the financial products Daniel created for us.
UNK: A synthetic CDO-cubed.
UNK: English?
Adam : A really big bet that prices would return to historical norms.
Beckett : So what happened?
Julia : It tanked. Hundreds of millions of dollars were lost overnight.
Beckett : When was this?
Julia : Three months ago.
UNK: There must've been a lot of angry investors.
UNK: We fielded scores of less than complimentary messages from clients.
Julia : More like apoplectic.
Julia : And a lot of them blamed Danny.
UNK: All right, well, I'll need a copy of all of these messages
Beckett : and a list of anyone who lost their money in the fund.
Montgomery : Any luck connecting antique gun owners
Montgomery : to investors in Goldstein's failed fund, Detectives?
UNK: Nah.
Ryan : So far I've seen a lot of cool, old guns on these social media sites
Ryan : for antique gun lovers,
Ryan : but none of the owners pop in Goldstein's life.
UNK: Irwin "Quick Draw" Finkelstein.
Montgomery : Proud owner of a Remington Outlaw, made in 1875.
UNK: Now that's a great-looking gun. Check it out, Esposito.
Esposito : Yeah, that's nice.
Esposito : See, back then, they were into the artistry of it all.
Ryan : Yeah, they're like little sculptures that can kill.
Esposito : Well, this list of Lower Tide Fund investors?
Esposito : They all lost more than a million bucks a piece.
Montgomery : A million dollars?
Montgomery : If I had that kind of scratch, I'd put it in something safe.
Montgomery : Like my mattress.
Lanie : Check it out. Ivan "Yosemite Sam" Podofski.
Esposito : Wait a minute. Ivan Podofski?
UNK: Yeah. What you got?
UNK: Boom.
Montgomery : Looks like we have a winner.
Beckett : You're right. He does kind of look like Yosemite Sam.
Montgomery : On a bad hair day.
Ryan : Yeah, well, in addition to having an antique gun collection,
Ryan : Mr. Podofski here lost more than four million bucks
Ryan : in our vic's Lower Tide Fund.
Esposito : He also left this message for Goldstein
Esposito : the day the fund flat-lined.
Castle : You think he offered him a blindfold and a cigarette?
Podofski : I think some context is in order.
Podofski : I had only just lost four million dollars.
Castle : Yes, and in that context, you threatened to kill Mr. Goldstein
Castle : and then he was killed.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 11 : 00 and 1 : 00?
Podofski : Asleep in my bed.
Beckett : - And can anyone vouch for that? - Me.
Castle : Myself and I got your back, too?
Podofski : Okay. Look, I know how this appears,
UNK: but I think there is an explanation.