UNK: And Danny swore that we couldn't get hurt.
Castle : Shooting at each other?
Adam : He ran all these complex equations. He said, said that at 40 paces,
Adam : there was no chance that we could actually hit each other.
Adam : Something about 18th Century guns having no rifling in the barrel.
Castle : So if you couldn't kill each other, what was the point of the duel?
Adam : To impress Julia.
Adam : She would never get serious with geeks like us.
UNK: But we figured that maybe if she saw us duel over her, then...
UNK: Maybe that one of us could...
Ryan : Julia confirmed that she was the only other person present at the duel.
Ryan : No one else knew.
UNK: All right, let her go.
Beckett : How do you point the gun at someone and shoot
Beckett : and not expect to kill them?
Castle : Well, they were blinded by the romance of it all.
Castle : And Goldstein did the math.
Beckett : Well, between this and the Lower Tide Fund,
UNK: maybe he's not such a genius.
Castle : Maybe he's just unlucky.
Beckett : Well, then I've got a problem
Beckett : because I have to make a recommendation to the DA
Beckett : between murder and manslaughter.
Beckett : The difference being life in prison or just a couple of years.
Beckett : I mean, are antique guns really so inaccurate?
Castle : Only one way to find out.
Uniform : That's your target! That's my target! Shoot your target!
Castle : Manslaughter, it is.
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : Hey! There's my girl.
Castle : Come here. Come here.
Castle : Sorry, hang on.
UNK: There. There you go.
Castle : Hey, about last night...
Castle : - It was unexpected. - Yeah.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Alexis : I'm sorry, too.
Alexis : I should have told you Ashley was a boy.
UNK: Oh, why spoil the surprise?
Alexis : So, I have a question for you. But it's a little embarrassing.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: - I love when you embarrass yourself. - Dad.
UNK: Well, hey, listen. You can ask me whatever you want.
Castle : And I promise I'll do my best
Castle : to make it as un-embarrassing as possible.