Beckett : Fire away.
Podofski : Several months ago, I had a consultation at Berman Rose.
Podofski : When I mentioned my guns,
Podofski : Goldstein asked if I knew
Podofski : how he could get a hold of a Sherlock Holmes gun.
UNK: So you're pointing the finger at Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Podofski : I'm saying that Goldstein clearly had an interest in antique guns.
Podofski : Maybe that interest got him killed.
Beckett : If you're so confident that Goldstein got mixed up with someone else,
Beckett : I'm sure you won't mind submitting your collection
UNK: for testing with Ballistics.
Podofski : These are antiques, Detective.
Beckett : Would you prefer being arrested for murder?
Ryan : Ballistics is taking possession of Podofski's guns.
UNK: They should have preliminary results by tomorrow.
Castle : They never prefer to be arrested for murder.
UNK: All right, keep at it.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Yo, just got a hit from Goldstein's car from Traffic Enforcement.
Esposito : Parking ticket from last night.
Castle : - No way. - What?
Castle : - This has got to be a joke. - What are you talking about, Castle?
UNK: Goldstein drives a DeLorean.
Castle : There's no way that's a coincidence.
Beckett : The ticket was written at two in the morning. That's post-mortem.
Esposito : Car should still be there.
UNK: Yeah. East 82nd between Lex and 3rd.
Beckett : That's a few blocks from the park.
UNK: Yeah, but if you're gonna park illegally, why not park closer?
UNK: Because he was going somewhere on that block.
Esposito : Three more parking tickets in the last several months,
UNK: all on 82nd between Lex and 3rd.
Beckett : So he was going somewhere regularly on that block.
Esposito : Maybe a girlfriend?
Beckett : Unless you think that's where that time ripple is.
Castle : Could be.
Beckett : Look into it. Pick that car up.
UNK: Gotcha.
Esposito : Gotta be kidding me.
UNK: Ha!
Ryan : Well, it's definitely Goldstein's car.
UNK: Or time machine.
Esposito : Yep. If I'm not mistaken, that's a flux capacitor in there.
Ryan : And that is the reactor core.
Ryan : Maybe Castle was right.
Ryan : Goldstein came back to the future and he got whacked, huh?
Ryan : - Why'd he keep coming here? - I don't know.
Esposito : Maybe there's something in the car that'll help.
UNK: Hope so. A lot of doors to knock on.
Esposito : Patty, I got a vic's car that needs towing.
UNK: It's at 238 East 82nd.
UNK: It's an '81 to '82 DeLorean.
UNK: New York plates, J-L-D...
Ryan : Hey, Javi!
Esposito : Let me call you back.
UNK: Excuse us, sir. I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
UNK: Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?
UNK: Lord Henry : Ah! Top of the morning to you, constables!
UNK: Lord Henry : Lord Henry, at your service.
Ryan : Uh, thanks.
UNK: Do you mind telling us where you got those clothes?
UNK: Lord Henry : Not at all, dear boy.
UNK: Lord Henry : I picked them up at the haberdashery across the park.
UNK: Lord Henry : Well, gentlemen, if that is all, I shall bid you good day.
Esposito : Just a second, pal.
Esposito : You know, we think those clothes might've been involved...
UNK: Lord Henry : I said, good day!
UNK: - Sir, we need you to come down... - Good day!
UNK: Whoa, whoa! No! Hey!
UNK: Ah!
UNK: You all right, bro?
Esposito : I'm fine.
UNK: Unhand me, you rogue!
UNK: All right, thank you, Ryan.
Castle : How's Esposito?
Beckett : At home, resting.
Beckett : So, our Lord Henry's story checks out.
Beckett : Ryan found a matching ascot in a garbage can
UNK: where Henry said that he found the clothes.
Beckett : Our guy might be unstable, but he's not our killer.
Beckett : So why was Goldstein wearing this costume?
Castle : Well, it's Victorian, antique.
Castle : Kind of fits with the whole time-traveler theory,
Castle : don't you think?
Lanie : I don't know what to think, but the plot thickens.
UNK: Forensics back on the clothes?
Lanie : Between the garbage can and our homeless guy,
UNK: there was quite a list of gross-out substances,
Lanie : of which I will spare you the details,
Lanie : but I did find something interesting on the right-hand glove
Lanie : and the right sleeve of the shirt.
Lanie : Potassium nitrate and sulfur.
Beckett : Gunshot residue?
Castle : So Goldstein did not go quietly into the night. He had a gun.
Beckett : And he fired back.
UNK: Csu Tech : I got something here.
UNK: Beckett!
Beckett : Another antique.
UNK: Looks exactly like the one that killed Goldstein.
Castle : Yes, it does.
Castle : Let's say that our killer...
Castle : Let's say that our killer was standing over here.
Castle : Goldstein was killed all the way over there.
Castle : Nice flat area between them.
Ryan : What are you getting at, Castle? Some kind of game?
Castle : Not a game.
Castle : Goldstein was wearing formal, turn-of-the-century clothes.
Castle : He shot an antique bullet identical to the one he was killed with.
Castle : Probably fired from an identical gun.
Castle : Four, five, six, seven.
Castle : Lanie said he was killed at about midnight?
UNK: St. James Church is right over there. Thanks. On Madison.
Castle : I bet they could hear the bells chiming all the way from over here.
UNK: Ha!
UNK: They stood at about 40 paces from one another.
Castle : Wasn't a game.
UNK: This was an old-fashion duel.