Rachel : They pay them obscene amounts of money.
UNK: Twenty-five years old, he bought my apartment for me.
Beckett : Excuse me.
Castle : What's up?
Ryan : Lab got a fingerprint off our vic's wallet.
Castle : Anyone good?
UNK: Uh.
Beckett : Awaiting court dates on three aggravated assault cases
UNK: You inflicted dozens of broken bones,
Beckett : gouged out one of your victim's eyes,
Beckett : bit off part of an ear of another one.
UNK: Sounds like committing murder was inevitable.
Beckett : I'm just curious, why did you take his clothes?
UNK: D'andre : Wasn't me.
Beckett : Well, then why were your fingerprints on a dead man's wallet?
Beckett : Did he just happen to drop it and you politely picked it up for him?
Beckett : And why did my detectives find
UNK: this unregistered.45 in your apartment,
Beckett : which just happens to match the size of the bullet hole in my victim?
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : and try to put one of my detectives through a wall?
Ryan : You know, the right turtleneck,
UNK: and no one's even gonna notice, bro.
Ryan : Maybe a scarf.
UNK: Ow!
Beckett : It's gonna come out sooner or later.
UNK: D'andre : He was already dead.
Beckett : With a wallet lying conveniently next to him?
Castle : Look, if you're not going to admit to it,
UNK: you might at least want to try coming up with a story
Castle : that's a little more convincing.
UNK: It's what happened!
Castle : Like you weren't scared.
Esposito : I want this guy to fry, Beckett.
Castle : - Ow. - Oh, he will.
Beckett : As soon as Lanie confirms that that bullet is a.45.
UNK: It's not a.45.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Lanie : I'm positive.
UNK: - Thirty-eight? - Nope.
UNK: It's not a.44, or.357, or.22,
UNK: or.9 mm, or any other kind of bullet I've ever seen.
Castle : So, it's a new kind of bullet?
Lanie : Oh, no, not new at all. Check it out.
Beckett : It's round.
Lanie : See that white coating?
Beckett : Yeah. What is it? Oxidation?
Lanie : Lead oxide, to be exact.
UNK: Rust?
Lanie : Yep. Based on the amount of it, I'd say that bullet is 200 years old.
UNK: Two-hundred-year-old bullet can only mean one thing.
UNK: Time-traveling killer!
Castle : Ergo, the killer could have entered present time
Castle : through a time ripple, killed Goldstein,
UNK: and then gone back through the time ripple.
Castle : Which means we just have to find the time ripple.
Beckett : Could you please stop saying "time ripple"?
UNK: Yeah. Sounds kind of dirty, doesn't it?
UNK: But if the ripple closed, time machine! We need a time machine.
Beckett : Well, in this century, we still haven't ruled out
Castle : Yeah, he just doesn't seem like the time travel type to me.
UNK: Can't be a time-traveling killer. Bullet had 200 years of rust on it.
UNK: If the killer had been a time traveler,
Ryan : bullet would have been brand new.
Castle : Unless time travel causes rust.
Beckett : On your brain.