Brock : I barely touched you.
UNK: I don't know. I can't really tell what that is.
Trey : Did Lance have this?
Ryan : Yeah, and we don't think that he wanted to party.
Ryan : Did he explain to you why he was interested in clubs?
UNK: Not really.
UNK: He just said that there was something he needed to take care of.
UNK: "There was something he needed to take care of."
Castle : I have a theory!
UNK: Great! 'Cause right now, I could use one.
UNK: It's a classic action movie plot device.
UNK: Lance, his Black Op days long behind him,
UNK: decides to go on one final mission.
UNK: To vanquish his old nemesis.
Beckett : Which would be?
UNK: Uh, it's a rival assassin, who was once his best friend but then betrayed him.
UNK: Or, actually, a Blofeld-style supervillain,
Castle : who killed Lance's wife and then disappeared.
Beckett : Yeah, but Kat Kingsley is still alive.
Castle : No, Lance's other wife from his tragic but secret CNI past.
Castle : Now, I admit I'm a little sketchy on the details
Castle : of the mission and the nemesis,
UNK: but bottom line is, Lance embarked on a mission.
UNK: The years had caught up with him, he had lost his step.
Castle : So he was dispatched by another operative
Castle : who was younger, quicker and deadlier.
Esposito : And possibly female.
Esposito : Tory screened that security cam video from the hotel and found this.
Esposito : That's Lance leaving through the hotel lobby on his last day on Earth.
UNK: And 10 seconds later, this woman goes after him.
Castle : That's her! That's the operative!
Castle : She's wearing a dark coat, just like the person who left the crime scene.
Castle : She must have trailed Lance from the hotel,
Castle : then moved in for the kill.
UNK: She's blond, but she might be wearing a wig.
Beckett : Take a look at her sunglasses
Beckett : and the way that she's angled her face away from the camera.
Beckett : She didn't want to be ID'd.
Esposito : She may have gotten her wish.
Esposito : Tory said there's not enough here to run facial recognition.
Beckett : You know, she's wearing an earring. See if Tory can do something with that.
Beckett : Enrique Gomez is on his way up.
Castle : Maybe he knows who she is.
UNK: No, I don't recognize her.
UNK: Enrique Gomez : I'm sad to learn of Lance's death.
Beckett : What was your relationship with him, Mr. Gomez?