Castle : I've learned that every good fiction contains a kernel of truth.
Beckett : What happened to the briefcase that Lance brought to the meeting?
UNK: The one with $200,000 in it.
Booth : Lance had no briefcase.
Beckett : And I suppose your guys didn't chase him out of here
Beckett : and then attack him?
Booth : Doesn't ring a bell.
Castle : We have video.
Booth : Not of my guys.
Booth : You're welcome to check. I doubt you'll find any of them here.
Booth : And since your next question will be where was I that night,
Booth : I'll save you the oxygen.
UNK: There are about 20 people downstairs
UNK: who can attest that I never left the building after Lance left.
Booth : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Okay, thanks for your time.
Castle : "Thanks for your time"?
Castle : Beckett, he was lying.
Castle : About the money, about the meeting, about everything.
Beckett : Of course he was lying.
Castle : So why didn't you push harder? Why didn't we check his alibi?
Beckett : Because we didn't need to.
Castle : Since when?
Beckett : Since I figured out what the numbers five and two meant.
Castle : The missing numbers from the sticker sheet?
UNK: That number 52 was on a slot car in Boothe's collection.
Beckett : A blue Shelby Cobra, to be exact.
Castle : That's what Lance was building.
Castle : He put a listening device inside a replica of one of Boothe's cars.
Beckett : He must have switched them out when they had that meeting.
Beckett : Which means that car was recording everything that happened in that office,
Beckett : including why Lance was there.
UNK: And why Boothe had him killed. We need to get that slot car.
Beckett : We will. We just need a warrant first.
Ryan : I don't understand.
Brock : You're telling me you can't get a search warrant?
Brock : Even though that son of a bitch Boothe is behind this?
UNK: Not unless we can provide evidence that ties Boothe to Lance's death.
Beckett : And right now, we can't even prove that the two of them met.
Beckett : Look, Mr. Harmon, we were hoping that you could help us with this.
UNK: Did Lance tell you that he was going to the club,
UNK: that he was gonna talk to Boothe?
Brock : Lance never said a word to me about Boothe or the club. Nothing.
Brock : Hell, I thought he was in LA.
Brock : I wish I could help you.
Beckett : Well, you know what?
Beckett : We'll keep looking for the men that attacked Lance.
Beckett : We're not giving up.
UNK: Castle?
Brock : How did Lance know to bug a slot car?
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Boothe and his collection
UNK: were featured in SlotZone magazine. Hmm.
Brock : So you really think the proof of who killed Lance
Brock : is sitting in that little blue Shelby Cobra?
Castle : Well, it doesn't matter if we can't get a warrant.
Castle : Too bad Rico Cruz isn't around. I bet he'd find a way, right?
UNK: So you were a pretty big fan, huh?
UNK: Of Hard Kill? No, I was average. Ordinary fan.
Castle : Not like I had the Hard Kill pajamas.
Brock : Say, the gang and I are going out for drinks later tonight.
UNK: How'd you like to come with us?
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Hey?
UNK: You are never gonna believe what just happened.
Castle : Brock invited me to go drinking with The Indestructibles.
Castle : Me. With them.
UNK: But you told them you couldn't because you're in the middle of a case.
UNK: Right? No. What?
UNK: No, I just... What... Isn't it okay if I...
Beckett : Castle, you really think
Beckett : that I could stand between you and your boyhood dream?
Castle : You are my boyhood dream.
UNK: Aw.
Castle : Well, you and drinking with The Indestructibles.
Beckett : You don't always have to keep talking.
UNK: Right. Yeah.
UNK: I'm gonna... I'm gonna go.
Ernest : I don't know what I'm gonna wear.
UNK: I gotta get ready.
Castle : All right. Okay.
Castle : Well, you guys, you have no idea how excited I am to...
UNK: Did you guys just come from set or something?
Brock : Son, we came straight from hell.