Beckett : To the best apartment ever.
Ryan : So we struck gold on that canvass.
Beckett : Someone saw Lance using the payphone?
Ryan : No, but they saw him before that, running like hell from an alley.
Esposito : Which leads us to this security cam video right here.
UNK: You gotta see it to believe it.
Esposito : These four guys have got Lance cornered.
Castle : Oh, this can't be good.
Beckett : Who are those guys?
Beckett : I don't know,
UNK: but you should wonder what Lance did to have them come after him.
Castle : Four thugs against an aging Lance DeLorca?
Castle : I don't know that I can watch.
Castle : Did you see that?
Castle : What Lance just did?
Castle : That belongs in one of his movies. He annihilated them.
UNK: Yeah, but not for long. Half an hour later, someone annihilated him.
UNK: Ah, well, right. But at least this explains the phone call.
Castle : When Lance called Kat Kingsley
Castle : and said, "I'm in trouble and people are after me,"
Castle : this is what he was talking about.
Beckett : And whoever these guys are, they must have caught up to him.
Beckett : We find these guys, we'll find our killer.
Beckett : We can't ID any of these guys off of the surveillance video.
Beckett : Tory says that the image quality is too poor to run facial recognition.
Beckett : Or ear recognition.
Castle : The key is finding out what happened to Lance
Castle : before he wound up in that alley.
UNK: Something that required $200,000 and a listening device.
Castle : But whomever he went up against sent those four sides of beef after him.
Esposito : And after seeing the ass-whooping they got, I checked nearby hospitals.
Esposito : Turns out that an ambulance was called to that area during our time window.
UNK: They brought in a heavyset dude to the ER.
Esposito : He was unconscious, bruised, and had a possible broken jaw.
Ryan : All right, let's go talk to him. We can't.
Esposito : He woke up and checked himself out of the ER
Esposito : before they could even get his name.
Beckett : Does the hospital have cameras?
Esposito : I'm glad you asked that.
Esposito : This guy
UNK: definitely looks like one of the guys from the video.
UNK: Wait a second, I know that guy.
Ryan : Yeah, from the film set. He was dressed in Afghan garb.
Ryan : Brock Harmon barely tapped him in the face
Ryan : and he screamed like a baby.
Castle : Perhaps because he has a broken jaw.
Esposito : AD says his name is Ernest Howe.
Esposito : He's playing ISIS Militant Number 12.
Ryan : Not for long. You know what time it is? It's Ryan time.
Esposito : Please, just stop.
UNK: My name is Ryan, and I hate lyin'.
Esposito : Ernest Howe? NYPD.
Esposito : We're here to talk to you about Lance DeLorca.
Ernest : Yeah, it's a bummer that he died.
Ryan : A little problem with your jaw there, Ernest?
Ernest : A little TMJ.
Esposito : You sure it's not from that little altercation you got into the other night?
Ernest : Look, I don't want any more trouble.
UNK: Well, you got trouble. Ryan trouble.
Ernest : I don't know what that means.
Esposito : We have you on video.
Esposito : You and those three mooks attacked Lance,
Esposito : and he put the hurt on all of you.
Ryan : But not enough hurt, because one of them killed him.
Ryan : Judging by your little trip to the ER, it wasn't you.
Ryan : So why don't you give us the name of your buddies, Ernest?
UNK: And whoever put 'em up to this.
UNK: You got it all wrong.
Ernest : Those guys did this to me.
Ernest : I was on Lance's side. He hired me to be his bodyguard.
Ryan : Why would Lance need a bodyguard?
Ernest : He had a meeting at Club Drift.
Ernest : He wanted backup.
Ernest : He brought a briefcase. I think it had money in it.
Ryan : Who did he meet there? What was the money for?
Beckett : I don't know. They made me wait downstairs.
Ernest : But the meeting ended quick.
Ernest : All of a sudden, four security dudes hustle us out,
UNK: accused Lance of wearing a wire.
Esposito : A wire? Why would he be wearing a wire?
Ernest : Well, I didn't exactly get a chance to ask.
UNK: The last thing I remember was a guy's foot flying across my face.
Castle : Maybe Lance was wearing a wire.
Castle : That would explain the microphone and the USB drive.
UNK: Yeah, Ernest said that security didn't find a wire,
Esposito : and there wasn't one on Lance's body.
UNK: But let's say he was all wired up with a briefcase of money.
Ryan : What the hell was he doing?
Esposito : It's like Lance was running some kind of half-assed sting operation.
Castle : Maybe he was. I spoke to Narcotics.
Beckett : The club that Lance went to is a major hub for drug sales.
Beckett : Run by a guy that you're familiar with, Castle.
Ryan : Is it... Is that Henry Allen Boothe?
UNK: El Jefe from Hard Kill?
Castle : He made a career out of playing drug dealers, and then he quit acting.
Beckett : And then he began living the part.
Beckett : Apparently, he spent so much time with drug dealers,
Beckett : researching his roles, that he actually became one.
Beckett : Narcotics hasn't been able to make a case against him, though.
UNK: This is just like Hard Kill, where Rico Cruz took down El Jefe.
Castle : Only now, it's one actor taking on the other actor.
Castle : But the other actor actually happens to be a drug dealer!
Ryan : But, again, why would Lance do this? Why would he go after Boothe?
Castle : I don't know, but it's so meta.
Castle : We should really talk to El Jefe.
Beckett : Oh, believe me, we will.
UNK: Henry Allen Booth : Yeah, sure, I met with Lance.
Beckett : What about?
Booth : Old times. He wanted to share a drink, relive the glory days.
Castle : Just out of the blue?
UNK: Why not? Hard Kill did a solid for both of us.