Beckett : and they are stonewalling me.
Gates : Intelligence agencies like CNI
Gates : avoid disclosing information on their employees.
Gates : But I do have contacts in the State Department.
Gates : Let me just ask around.
Beckett : Great. I've reached out to my guys in Washington as well.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. I think we got something from that movie set.
Esposito : We talked to the driver who took Lance to the airport.
Ryan : Only that's not what he did.
Ryan : Lance asked the driver to drop him off
Ryan : at some seedy hotel on Broome Street.
Esposito : And he didn't want anybody to know about it.
UNK: He paid the driver 100 bucks to lie and say he dropped Lance off at JFK.
Beckett : Why would he go to this hotel?
Ryan : Well, that's where it gets weird.
Ryan : The unis we sent to canvass said
Ryan : that Lance had rented a room there for the past week.
Esposito : Under the name Rico Cruz, his character from Hard Kill.
UNK: Uh, okay, have unis check for security video at the hotel,
UNK: and let's round up any of Lance's personal effects from his room.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Thanks, L.T.
Ryan : You know, I don't understand.
Ryan : Why would Lance leave Brock Harmon's Fifth Avenue digs
Ryan : to go stay in a flophouse?
Esposito : And without telling anyone. He was definitely up to something.
Esposito : Hey! A Hard Kill DVD.
Esposito : Looks like Lance was trying to relive the old days.
Castle : "Time to hit Cruz control."
UNK: You know, maybe that's what I need. A catchphrase.
UNK: "Time to mete out justice."
UNK: "Time for prison time."
Esposito : Yeah, you keep working on that, bro.
UNK: "Time to pay the bill for doing the kill."
UNK: Okay, on second thought, don't.
Ryan : Hey, building schematics?
Esposito : There's a bunch of weird stuff in this box.
Esposito : Soldering iron, blue craft paint,
Esposito : a microphone, a USB drive. Both empty cases.
Esposito : Looks like he was building something.
Esposito : Like a recording device.
Ryan : And then he added stickers to it?
UNK: Stickers? What the hell is that about?
Ryan : I don't know, but the two and five are missing.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: "Trey." Hey, this must be Trey Harmon, Brock Harmon's kid.
Ryan : Why would Lance call him?
Trey : He wanted to ask me about the New York club scene.
Trey : That's my thing. I'm a club promoter.
Trey : But I kind of shut him down, to be honest.
UNK: Why is that?
Trey : After the cancer, he got sober.
UNK: No way I was gonna help him
Trey : fall off the wagon and start partying again.
UNK: Hmm.
Ryan : Do you recognize this?
Ryan : Think it might be the floor plan to a club?