Brock : The plan is simple.
Brock : Once we get to the club,
Brock : Serafina, Clay, Rolf, go in through the main entrance, take your positions.
Brock : Serafina, alert us when you have eyes on the rear door.
Serafina : Falcon is in the nest.
Brock : Clay, you and Rolf create a diversion to draw Boothe down to the bar.
Clay : Young fella, young fella! We're doing bottle service.
Clay : You got some of that Angel? You know, the champagne?
UNK: Sure do. Just gonna need your credit card, Mr. Biggs.
Clay : If you know who we are,
Clay : then you know we haven't paid for a drink since Reagan.
Bartender : Sir, Angel's a grand a bottle. You understand.
UNK: Son, we're here to toast our fallen comrade.
UNK: That has-been Boothe too cheap to pay respects?
UNK: - Mr. Boothe? - Yeah?
UNK: Got some old friends of yours at the bar. You should come down.
Booth : All right, I'm coming down. Yeah.
Brock : Once El Jefe's on the move, Serafina, you will unlock the villa gates.
Clay : Prairie dog is on the plain.
Brock : And Castle and I will go for the goods,
UNK: Hard Kill style.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Always check.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I gotta get going. Great seeing you, man.
Rolf : Whoa, where are you going?
UNK: I gotta go. Anything you want... Hey, come on, hang out.
UNK: ...you can have it on me. Enjoy.
Clay : Abort! Abort! Prairie dog pulled a boomerang.
UNK: I got it! Boothe's on his way back up.
Castle : What? No! Yeah.
UNK: Prairie dog is in the burrow.
UNK: Prairie dog's gonna kill us! We're gonna be killed by a prairie dog!
Castle : I'm starring in my own action movie. This is the best night ever.
UNK: Go!
Beckett : You're telling me that this was handed to you by a concerned citizen?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : This is probably one of those times where I shouldn't keep talking.
Castle : For both our sakes.
Castle : The recording you are about to hear will provide incontrovertible proof
UNK: that Henry Allen Boothe ordered the murder of Lance DeLorca.
Castle : Sound's not working.
Castle : Hang on a second, this was...
Castle : Headphones? Aren't you gonna let me hear it?
Beckett : And reward you for your semi-illegal behavior? I think not.
UNK: I... Fine, I'll put it on speaker.
Castle : Seriously? Because if it wasn't for me, we wouldn't even... What?
Beckett : Lance just walked into Boothe's office.
Beckett : They're exchanging pleasantries.
UNK: And they're getting down to business.
Beckett : Oh, my God.
Castle : What is it?
Beckett : Oh, my God!
Castle : What are they saying? Please just tell me what they're saying.
UNK: This is so not what I expected.
Beckett : Oh, my God!
Trey : So what's this about?
Beckett : Trey, how well do you know Henry Allen Boothe?
Trey : Well, if someone owns a club, it's my job to know them.
Trey : I met him through my dad. They did a few movies together.
UNK: In fact, Boothe invested some seed money
Castle : so you could become a club promoter.
UNK: Then, as a promoter, you had access to all the clubs in the city.
UNK: Boothe used that access to sell drugs in those clubs.
Beckett : Or so we're told by Narcotics.
Beckett : I don't hear you denying this, Trey.
Trey : I didn't know about the drugs at first.
Trey : And once I did, it was too late.
Trey : He owned me.
UNK: Let me guess. Boothe said you could buy him out,
Castle : but at a price he knew you could never afford.
Castle : What was it? $200,000?
Beckett : You didn't tell your parents about any of this, did you?
Trey : I wanted to make my own way.
Trey : Not have Brock Harmon come to the rescue.
Castle : But Lance found out.
UNK: He tried to buy out Boothe, pay your ransom.
Castle : Just like Rico Cruz did in Hard Kill.
UNK: Yeah, and I begged him not to.
Trey : This wasn't some movie.
UNK: I knew that Boothe wasn't gonna let me go,
Trey : and Lance couldn't just walk in there with a bag of money and fix things.
Trey : But suddenly he wanted to be a hero.
UNK: I told him he was gonna get us both killed.
Castle : But he only got himself killed. Trying to save you.
Beckett : We have an audio recording of Boothe from that night.
UNK: How?
Castle : Lance bugged his office.
UNK: After Boothe kicked Lance out of his office,
Beckett : he sent his men after him.
UNK: Lance gave them a beat-down worthy of an action hero.
UNK: That's when Boothe made this phone call.
Booth : Trey, your pal Lance was here.
Booth : I think you know why.
Booth : He's on the run, somewhere near that theater playing Hard Kill.
Booth : He's your problem now.
Booth : You need to take care of him, to make this right.
Booth : Or I'll take care of you. You do that, Trey.
Booth : Get it done.
UNK: You were so afraid of Boothe
Beckett : that you killed Lance in order to save your own skin.
Trey : I would never do that.
Beckett : It sounds like that's exactly what you did do.
Beckett : Now, what happened after you hung up?
Trey : I freaked.
Trey : I called my mom. Told her everything, the whole story.
Trey : She said to lay low, that she'd call a lawyer.