Gomez : We were close as young men. Less so recently.
Beckett : Yet he called you just before he died. Why?
UNK: Well, he needed a bodyguard. Somebody he could trust.
Gomez : And I know such people.
Gomez : But none of them were available on such short notice,
Gomez : so I couldn't help him.
Ryan : Why would Lance need a bodyguard?
Gomez : He didn't tell me, I didn't ask.
Castle : You think maybe he was going on one last mission?
UNK: Or perhaps his CNI past was coming back to haunt him?
UNK: Well, that would be rather unlikely.
Gomez : You see, Lance didn't have a CNI past.
Beckett : Why is everyone saying that he did?
UNK: Well, we grew up together, but I was the one who went into CNI.
UNK: And when Lance came to America,
UNK: he asked me to use my backstory
UNK: to make himself more mysterious and interesting.
Kat : I'm so... I'm sorry, are you...
Castle : Are you saying Lance DeLorca wasn't a CNI operative?
Gomez : Before he started acting, he was a goat-herder. In the Pyrenees.
UNK: Hey! So Enrique Gomez's story checks out.
Beckett : And with his authorization,
Beckett : CNI confirms that Lance DeLorca was never an agent.
Castle : My hero was a liar. And a goat-herder.
Beckett : Yes, well, despite this deeply personal betrayal,
Beckett : we still have a murder to solve.
Castle : How? We're back to square one. Not necessarily.
UNK: I mean, there's still that mystery woman that followed Lance from the SRO.
UNK: Tory Ellis : She may not be a mystery anymore.
UNK: Is she a goat-herder?
Beckett : Oh, my God.
Tory : I didn't get anywhere with the earrings. They're too common.
Tory : But that got me focused on her ear.
Beckett : Okay. What about it? Looks normal.
Tory : It is. But ear biometrics, size, shape, configuration,
Tory : are almost as unique as fingerprints.
Tory : An entire field of study is devoted to the subject.
UNK: Earology. Earology.
Castle : How did you know that?
Beckett : FBI seminar.
Beckett : So you used her ear to identify this woman?
Tory : Yes, by isolating the ear and running it against the mugshot database.
Tory : When nothing popped,
Tory : I ran it against photos of women
Tory : who had any connection with Lance DeLorca.
Tory : The computer analyzed thousands of images and finally found a match.
Tory : With a 99.2% probability that it's this woman.
Beckett : That's Kat Kingsley!
Castle : Lance was killed by his soon-to-be ex-wife?
Esposito : Hey, so we heard Kat Kingsley was here. Whoa!
Esposito : Now that is a sexy outfit for an interrogation.
Castle : It's her costume. They took her right from the set of her movie.
Ryan : - Man, she is really... - Hot.
Ryan : Holding up well. Well.
Ryan : What's the movie?
UNK: It's direct-to-video. She plays a female Indiana Jones.
UNK: She's an archeologist again?
UNK: Would it be weird if I asked her to sign this?
UNK: When? On her way to jail?
Castle : It would mean so much to me.
Esposito : What would her motivation be for killing Lance?
UNK: Well, it seems their divorce was a tad messier
UNK: than she led us to believe.
Beckett : So what role are you playing now, Miss Kingsley?
Beckett : Not the grieving widow.
Kat : I need to get back to set
UNK: or they're gonna shut down production on Raiders of the Nubian Temple.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you've got bigger problems than that.
Beckett : So I talked to Lance's lawyer,
Beckett : and he said that your divorce was anything but amicable.
Kat : We're actors. We're passionate people. Things got stormy at times.
Beckett : Because you wanted the Malibu house, and he didn't want to give it to you.
Kat : That home has sentimental value to me.
Beckett : Along with monetary value.
UNK: I mean, after 20 years, it's worth $8 million.
Beckett : And with Lance out of the picture, it was all yours.
Kat : You think I killed my husband.
Beckett : You tried to before.
Beckett : Remember the incident where you discharged a firearm? At him?
Kat : I was cleaning it.
Beckett : I know bad acting when I see it.
UNK: This is you, Miss Kingsley,
Beckett : following Lance hours before he was killed.