Beckett : You know, like Eastwood, Bronson, McQueen. Real actors.
Castle : Well, then check out Clay Biggs.
Castle : Graduated top of his class at Juilliard, in contrast to Brock Harmon,
Castle : who made his on-screen debut as a porn star known as Brock the...
Brock : Cut! That's a cut.
Brock : Steve, get me something that works, or get a new job.
Brock : Thank you.
Beckett : Mr. Harmon, Detective Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
Castle : Hi, Mr. Harmon. Huge fan. Huge fan.
UNK: It's an honor to meet you.
UNK: The honor's mine.
Brock : I've passed many an hour in the john reading your books.
Beckett : We're here about Lance DeLorca.
Brock : Ah. Sad day for me. And my family.
Naomi : Here you go, darling.
Brock : Thanks, babe.
UNK: Well, if you're a fan of mine, you know my wife, Naomi Duvray.
Brock : And her jewelry line, too, I hope.
UNK: She just launched a spring collection. Nice.
Castle : You were just outstanding as El Jefe's henchwoman in Hard Kill. I was... Ooh.
UNK: Oh, That is so sweet.
Naomi : I had a mean roundhouse kick, but I wasn't much of an actor.
Brock : Well, never stopped me.
Brock : Oh, uh, this is my son, Trey.
Trey : Good to meet you.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Harmon, could we speak privately?
Brock : Oh, sure.
Brock : Transplant from a bone-marrow donor.
Brock : That's what put Lance in remission, saved his life.
Brock : He knew he'd been given a second chance.
Brock : He got sober, cleaned up his act.
Brock : That's why I gave him a part in the movie.
Brock : This could have been his big comeback.
Beckett : So we understand that he was staying with you.
Beckett : How did he seem?
UNK: Quiet. Secretive, I'd even say.
Brock : Lance was always a man of few words, but even fewer this time out.
UNK: Any idea what he was doing on the Lower East Side last night at 11 : 30?
Brock : I didn't even know he was in town.
Castle : You said he was staying with you.
Brock : Right, Lance wrapped last week.
Brock : I was told transportation took him straight from the set to the airport.
Beckett : Okay, well, my detectives will need to speak with the driver,
Beckett : along with anyone else that Lance knew.
UNK: 'Course.
UNK: Um, what exactly happened? How'd he die?
Beckett : Um, he was strangled.
Beckett : With a garrote.
Castle : Does that mean something to you?
Brock : You know Lance was CNI, right?
Castle : Spanish Intelligence.
Beckett : But what does that have to do with his murder?
UNK: Everything.
Brock : He was a CNI assassin.
Brock : That was his signature. He killed people with a garrote.
Castle : Which is why it was used to kill him.
Castle : Lance was murdered because he's the Spanish Jason Bourne!
Beckett : Why, Castle? Because a B action movie star in a kimono said so?
Castle : Because it makes sense.
Castle : Lance was drawing on his experience as a ruthless CNI operative
Castle : to play action heroes.
Castle : But his shadowy past caught up with him.
Castle : Maybe it was revenge for a hit he did back in the day.
Castle : Kill him the way he killed.
Beckett : Castle, he left CNI 30 years ago.
Beckett : Why would his past catch up to him now?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Mr. Castle might just be right about CNI.
UNK: Ah-ha!
Castle : How am I right?
Gates : Esposito and Ryan are off interviewing folks on the set,
UNK: but before they left, they got on to something.
Gates : They pulled Lance's phone records,
Gates : and the day he died, he made a phone call to Interpol in Spain.
Gates : To the office of one Enrique Gomez.
Beckett : What does Gomez have to do with CNI?
Gates : According to his bio, Gomez used to work there.
Gates : At the same time Lance DeLorca did.
UNK: So Lance reaches out to another ex-agent,
UNK: and he's killed with a garrote?
UNK: Mark my words,
UNK: this case is gonna lead us into a labyrinthian world of deceit,
UNK: villainy and international espionage.