Naomi : Have you released Trey yet?
Naomi : He had nothing to do with this.
Beckett : Actually, Trey has everything to do with this.
Naomi : I'm not sure I understand.
Beckett : When Lance needed a bone-marrow transplant,
Beckett : Trey gave a sample to see if he could donate.
Naomi : We all did. It was the least we could do.
Beckett : Except Trey's sample was nearly a match.
UNK: Lance must've had his suspicions,
Beckett : because he ran a paternity test on that sample.
Castle : Trey was his son.
UNK: No.
UNK: He would've been conceived during the filming of Hard Kill.
UNK: Which is inconvenient,
Castle : since you were already married to Brock.
Beckett : We spoke to your doorman, Naomi.
Beckett : He said that you didn't come home until well after midnight
Beckett : the night that Lance was killed.
Beckett : So, where were you?
Naomi : I didn't kill Lance, if that's what you're suggesting.
Castle : You're more than capable of it.
Castle : You don't just have a mean roundhouse,
Castle : you hold two black belts.
Naomi : Okay, you need to leave.
Beckett : We matched the wire.
UNK: The wire that you used for your jewelry line,
Beckett : like the necklace that you're wearing right now,
Beckett : it's an exact match to our murder weapon.
Castle : Trey told you that Lance had something important to tell him.
Castle : You knew the truth would come out.
Naomi : Lance would have destroyed everything.
Naomi : My marriage, my family.
Naomi : Everything that I spent almost 30 years trying to build.
Naomi : I couldn't let him do that.
Castle : What's going on?
Gates : You might be interested to know
UNK: that Henry Allen Boothe was just arrested by Narcotics.
Beckett : I thought they couldn't make a case.
Gates : Well, they couldn't.
Gates : But when Trey learned the truth about why Lance really did all this,
Gates : he stepped up and decided to testify against Boothe.
Gates : So good work, Detective Beckett. Mr. Castle.
Gates : Don't stay late. You can finish the paperwork in the morning.