Castle : All along, this killer has been one step ahead of us.
Castle : No evidence, no witnesses, phantom corporations.
UNK: He, or she, has us chasing our tails.
Castle : So why, suddenly, does this same person order a limo
Castle : placing her with Santos the night he died?
Castle : Rookie mistake.
UNK: Or maybe it's not a mistake at all.
Beckett : Maybe Kelly Nieman is playing a much deeper game.
Beckett : Maybe she's so confident that we can't tie her to these murders
Beckett : that she's letting the trail lead straight back to her.
UNK: Um... That's looking pretty unlikely.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Her alibi's ironclad. She's no good for either of the murders.
Ryan : But we might have found somebody who is.
UNK: MUFFLED Told you.
TORY : This is from a traffic cam a block from Kelly Nieman's apartment.
Beckett : That's Daniel Santos.
UNK: And the time code is 10 : 07, so Kelly was telling the truth.
UNK: He did leave around 10 : 00.
Ryan : Yeah, now watch this.
Beckett : Can we get a closer look at the driver?
Tori : No, this is our only angle.
Castle : Well, whoever he is, Santos knows him.
UNK: - And we tried running the plate, - BEEPS
UNK: But it was stolen off another car, so no good there.
UNK: But Tory noticed the decal on the back window.
TORY : It's a parking pass.
Beckett : For Coral Way Marina in Miami.
Castle : So, whoever he is, he could be connected to our Florida murders.
UNK: We called the marina.
Ryan : Even though the parking pass is expired,
Ryan : they were able to tell us who it was issued to.
Ryan : One Carl Matthews.
Castle : And who is Carl Matthews?
Ryan : - Show us the DMV photo, please. - BEEPS
Ryan : Recognize him now?
UNK: BEEPS
UNK: That's the security guard from the dock.
BECKETT : We now believe that Carl Matthews
UNK: killed both Daniel Santos and Pam Hodges.
Esposito : That security mook that found her? Well, how did we let him slip away?
Ryan : Matthews didn't have a record, and nothing on him popped.
Ryan : Now, the day after Matthews "found" Pam Hodges dead,
Ryan : he quit his job saying he was too upset to work.
Ryan : Now he's in the wind.
Esposito : I bet this scumbag did the Florida murders, too.
Beckett : It looks that way. He crewed fishing charters in Florida,
Beckett : which means he knows his way around boats.
Beckett : Now, in 2010, he went off the grid,
Beckett : and then he resurfaced about a year ago in New York
Beckett : when he took a job at the docks.
Gates : What's your next move?
Beckett : We've got an alert out on Matthews and his car,
Beckett : but our best bet is to get in contact with his family,
Beckett : his friends, co-workers, ex-wives.
Beckett : Someone in his life has to know
Beckett : where he is and what his next move might be.
Castle : Any news?
Beckett : No, not yet. But we'll find him.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Castle : Carl Matthews is wrong. He doesn't fit the story.
Beckett : How doesn't he fit?
UNK: In Florida, he's basically a beach bum. Here, he's a security guard.
Castle : How does a guy like that pull this off?
UNK: Maybe he just SIGHS reads more intelligent than he is on paper.
Castle : What about the money?
Castle : Enough to put up Pam Hodges and for surgery?
Beckett : He robbed a bank, or he was dealing drugs.
Beckett : I don't know. You know, he fell off the grid after he left Florida.
Castle : Speaking of which, he's in Florida. He's off the grid.
Castle : He's never been arrested.
Castle : Why the fixation with Lanie and Esposito?
UNK: I don't have all of the answers, Castle. Not right now, at least.
UNK: But all of the evidence is pointing to Matthews.
Castle : I agree with you. I just don't think he's working alone.
Castle : I think he has a partner.
Beckett : Like who? Dr. Nieman?
UNK: No.
Castle : Someone we've dealt with before.
BECKETT : 3XK?
Beckett : 3XK is dead.
Castle : Is he? And what if we find Carl Matthews' name in his case files?
Beckett : Jerry Tyson fell off that bridge. It was a 100-foot drop into the water.
Castle : Was his body ever found?
Beckett : Nobody could survive that fall.
Castle : Jerry Tyson could.
Beckett : Castle, listen to yourself.
Beckett : There's not a shred of evidence that Tyson is alive, let alone involved in this.
Castle : Tyson doesn't leave evidence, not unless he wants us to find it.
Castle : Like that deleted photo.
Castle : No evidence plus meticulous planning, that's vintage 3XK.
Castle : And this case has it in spades.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: And you wanna know some other 3XK classics?
Castle : Using people that look like other people.
Castle : Using a killer to act on his behalf. Beckett, how can you not see it?
UNK: What I see is the guilt that you feel.
Castle : This isn't about me.
Beckett : Look, when Tyson escaped, he outsmarted all of us.
Beckett : But you've always blamed yourself.
Castle : Because I'm to blame.
Castle : It's him. It's Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : Don't chase ghosts, Castle, okay? It's not worth it, trust me.
WOMAN : Detective!
UNK: File Clerk : Looks like the 3XK files are gone!
Beckett : What do you mean they're gone?
Castle : All of them? How?
UNK: Somebody must've signed them out.
UNK: Who?
Esposito : Well, let me know if you can think of anything else, all right? Thanks.
Beckett : Where are the 3XK files?
Esposito : What are you talking about?
Esposito : What are you talking about? Your name is on the signature sheet.
Esposito : No, it's not.
Castle : - Yeah, from three days ago. - You checked those files out.
Esposito : I didn't check out any files! Somebody messed up.
UNK: WHISPERS Oh, my God.
UNK: Someone wanna tell us what the hell is going on?
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : That was the head of the ME's office.