UNK: And check the faces in the background. See if any of them show up again.
Beckett : Those photos might be our best bet.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I take it this means we hit a wall on who rents the apartment?
Beckett : The lease is held and paid for by Gregs-Baker,
Beckett : which is a shell corporation based out of Belize,
Beckett : and it was set up in such a way as to make it untraceable.
UNK: All right. Well, what about phone records and credit cards?
Castle : They must point to who Pam Hodges was spending time with.
Beckett : She barely used her phone.
Beckett : And even though she racked up huge credit card bills,
Beckett : it was mostly for shoes and clothes and hair salons.
Beckett : And it was paid for monthly by Gregs-Baker.
Castle : Well, what did CSU find at her apartment?
Beckett : Her prints. No one else's.
Castle : - What the hell is going on here? - I don't know.
UNK: - CELL PHONE BUZZING - But someone is doing
Beckett : an incredible job of covering their tracks.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie.
Lanie : Kate, I need you to get down here.
Beckett : Okay. We're on our way.
Lanie : Not Castle. Just you.
Beckett : Hey. What's going on?
Lanie : Pam Hodges recently had cheek implants put in.
Lanie : It made her face broader, like mine.
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : Her hair products, her lipstick, her nail polish,
Lanie : they're all the same as the ones I use.
Beckett : Lanie, you're just picking up on things that are similar with the victim.
Lanie : That's what I kept telling myself. Then I found this.
Beckett : Okay. All right. I've seen this before. It means "inner strength."
Lanie : I know what it means, Kate. Look.
Lanie : I have the same exact tattoo in the same place.
Beckett : How is that even possible?
Lanie : It's no accident we could be twins.
Lanie : Somebody went out of their way to make her look like me.
ESPOSITO : Wait a minute.
Esposito : So you're saying that Pam Hodges was trying to look like Lanie?
Beckett : Given the tattoo and the surgery, I just don't see another explanation.
Ryan : Yeah, but why would she do that?
CASTLE : Because her sugar daddy wanted her to.
Castle : Maybe he found her down in Tampa, shipped her up here,
Castle : set her up in style.
UNK: I mean, to a streetwalker, that'd seem like the greatest gig ever.
Castle : All she'd have to do is let him remake her into Lanie.
Ryan : Yeah, like Jimmy Stewart in Vertigo. Thanks, L.T.
Esposito : Yeah, but even more twisted.
Esposito : So this guy has to know Lanie.
Beckett : Only she doesn't seem to know him.
Beckett : But she's still coming in to give us a statement.
Beckett : Now, what about the staff in Pam's building?
Beckett : Did they give us any more details?
Esposito : No, none of them remember seeing any guys coming to see her.
Beckett : You know, there might be another way for us to trace this guy.
Beckett : The cheek implants have serial numbers.
Beckett : Maybe that'll lead us to Pam's surgeon.
Ryan : There might be another reason her sugar daddy's laying low.
Ryan : FBI database shows two other victims
Ryan : strangled with metal fishing line and their bodies staged.
Ryan : One in Miami, one in Fort Lauderdale. Both unsolved, no suspects.
Castle : Well, our victim's from Florida. Maybe he knew her from there.
Beckett : Order the homicide files. Check 'em against our case.
Beckett : In the meantime, canvass the stores and the salons Pam went to.
Beckett : Maybe she confided in someone,
UNK: or someone might've seen her with this guy.
UNK: Let's do it.
CASTLE : An ME investigates the murder of her own doppelganger.
Castle : It'd be a great story, if Lanie weren't living it.