UNK: of all the places in the world that you've never honeymooned, vacationed,
Beckett : or married any of your other wives.
Castle : How hard could it be?
Beckett : Albania and Finland? That's all you got left?
UNK: Well, we traveled a lot. Look, I'm sure I can think up some other places.
Beckett : Yeah, well, my vote's for someplace warmer.
Castle : Maybe you're right.
UNK: Maybe we should just focus on setting a date.
UNK: POLICE RADIO CHATTER
BECKETT : Hey, Ryan.
UNK: SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE
Beckett : What's going on with Lanie?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : This case just hit a little close to home.
CASTLE : Why? What happened?
UNK: A security guard on the night shift found the victim hanging from that beam.
Ryan : We ID'd her as Pam Hodges, 32.
Castle : Hanging, as in, by the neck?
Ryan : Yeah, but what's really bizarre is the way the victim looks.
Castle : Whoa. Is that Lanie's sister?
Beckett : Lanie doesn't have a sister.
Beckett : Are Pam Hodges and Lanie related?
LANIE : Nope,
UNK: Lanie Parish : but they say we all have a twin out there somewhere.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I guess this one's mine.
Beckett : Lanie, we can deal with the preliminaries later.
Lanie : I was shook up at first, but I'm fine now. She died between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.
Lanie : Her neck did not break because the killer rigged the wire
Lanie : so her feet were just off the ground. She probably was strangled to death.
Castle : How does a wire that thin not snap?
UNK: High-test fishing line, available at most sporting goods stores.
UNK: So then, it would've seemed like she was just standing there on the dock.
Ryan : That's how she looked when we rolled up.
Ryan : It was freaky.
UNK: That's what her killer was going for.
Beckett : He put her body on display to create a tableau.
Beckett : He's confident. Brazen.
Castle : Yeah, like he'd done it before.
UNK: Contact the FBI. See if they have any similar murders in their databases.
UNK: - Do we have any witnesses? - No, not so far.
UNK: Security guard had rousted a homeless guy before he found the victim.
Ryan : Uniforms are still trying to track him down,
Ryan : see if he saw anything.
UNK: What do we know about Pam Hodges?
UNK: Javier Esposito : She's from Tampa, Florida, where she lived on the fringes.
UNK: Racked up about a half a dozen busts for solicitation.
UNK: Javier Esposito : This is her about a year ago. I'd say she came up in the world.
Castle : She looks a heck of a lot better now than she did back then.
Castle : Aside from the being dead part.
Beckett : - Why was she in New York? - Don't know yet.
Esposito : She moved here seven months ago.
UNK: New York driver's license with a Brooklyn address.
Beckett : All right. Check her address. See if she's got any family here.
UNK: Calvin Hodges : Yes, Pam's my niece.