Tommy : - Ow. - Oh, my God.
UNK: Oh, Gabe. Are you okay?
Sarah : Are you okay? Baby, what's wrong?
Gabe : I'm dying.
Chase : Twelve-year-old male. Spiking fever, congested chest,
Cuddy : coughing up green sputum, pain in breathing.
House : Baffling, though I vaguely recall a disease called "meunomia"? "Pneumania"?
UNK: But his chest X-ray and C.T. scan show an atypical pattern for pneumonia. Pneumonia! That's it.
House : Just a guess here, but his parents big donors?
Cuddy : No infiltrate, just enlarged hilar lymph nodes.
House : Tiny unicorns goring his bronchial tubes would be cooler,
UNK: and the way you're ignoring the question... Wow, they're extremely big donors.
UNK: He's not responding to cefuroxime, his pulse ox is dropping much faster than it should for pneumonia,
Cuddy : and plus he's got an odd little rash.
House : Excessive irritation. He's 12. He's on auto-stroke. On his arm.
Cuddy : Papular lesion, one centimeter, on top of a long, thin scab.
House : Ah, you need a dermatologist. If it's dry, keep it wet. If it's wet, keep it dry.
House : If it's not supposed to be there, cut it off. I never could master all that.
House : There you are.
House : Were you scared? It's okay. You're home now.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Cuddy.
House : - As a special favor to you... - No. Admit it. I got you with the rash.
House : The rash is a total snooze, unless it's connected to the pneumonia,
House : then it's party time.
House : Purulent sputum, dyspnea, rhonchi bilaterally.
UNK: What kind of pneumonia causes this kind of rash? Legionnaire's disease.
Cameron : Usually means industrial ventilation systems, convention centers. He's 12 years old.
House : Send off a urine antigen and check if he's joined the Elks. Next?
UNK: Fungal. - Excellent. Maybe the lodge went spelunking.
UNK: - Chlamydia pneumonia. - Twelve-year-olds don't have sex.
House : Their mistake.
Sarah : That's it? Other possibilities?
UNK: - What if we're thinking about this backwards? - The rash came first, caused the pneumonia. Nice.
UNK: Rickettsial. Tick bite. Nymphal ticks are out now. They're bloodthirsty little bastards.
UNK: Rash would be more pustular. - Not always, and there's only one rash, which fits.
Cameron : - New Jersey, it's most likely Lyme disease. - All right. Let's keep him on fluids...
UNK: and the cefuroxime to be safe.
House : Biopsy that rash.
House : And take another history. Even if we don't learn what's causing this,
House : we definitely need to know if twelve-year-olds are getting any action.
Jeffrey : - What are you doing now? - We're collecting fluids from the rash.
UNK: Why? They know what they're doing, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey : Oh, great endorsement coming from the woman who thought it was a nasty cold. If I had had him last week...