Cuddy : He's okay.
House : Allergic reaction to the antibiotics?
Cameron : I don't think so. We switched him to rifampin, and there was no change in the swelling.
UNK: We should try another antibiotic. You really think he's allergic to two antibiotics?
UNK: I wanna know what Dr. Chase thinks.
UNK: It's possible he's allergic... Oh! I'm sorry. Not you.
House : Understandable mistake. The other Dr. Chase.
UNK: Boy gets anthrax and happens to be allergic to two antibiotics.
Rowan : Hate to step on anybody's toes, but is it possible your guys got this one wrong?
Chase : The rash is classic anthrax. Except the color.
Cameron : The rash hasn't turned black yet. No necrosis, no anthrax.
Chase : Necrosis can theoretically take as long as two weeks.
Chase : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
House : Guys, it's not a competition. It's a diagnosis.
UNK: Okay. Who thinks Junior wins?
House : Four to one. It's not anthrax.
House : So we start over. What's changed? What do the nodules tell us?
Rowan : - Sarcoidosis. - Excellent. Send an ACE level.
House : If it comes back positive, put him on methotrexate.
Foreman : We ran some tests and the results point toward sarcoidosis.
Foreman : It makes the body's tissues swell up.
Foreman : It seems to have gone after Gabriel's skin and lungs and given him this fever.
UNK: Doctor.
Chase : We don't know what causes it.
UNK: But you're sure he has this one? We have a world-renowned doctor consulting.
Chase : - He's convinced this is sarcoidosis. - Is it treatable?
UNK: Very, actually. See, this is I.V. methotrexate. It's an anti-inflammatory.
UNK: It should make all the swelling go down and, uh, get you all better.
UNK: Stop.
Sarah : My God, it's black.
UNK: Necrosis.
Foreman : It's definitely anthrax, and it definitely can't be anthrax. It doesn't cause throat nodules.
Rowan : Only explanation is, this kid's got anthrax and sarcoidosis.
UNK: Right... Two incredibly rare diseases...
Chase : - just happening to strike at once. - Unless you've got a better theory.
Chase : Anthrax plus an allergic reaction.
Rowan : Call the Lancet, because that's one bizarre allergic reaction.
House : Come on. There's no reason you both can't be wrong.
House : It's not allergy, but it's not coincidence either.
House : Disease number one set off disease number two.
Cameron : - Anthrax weakened his immune system. - And triggered a dormant sarcoidosis.
UNK: Keep him on antibiotics for the anthrax, and start the methotrexate for the sarcoidosis. See what happens.