House : No cards, no flowers, not even a phone call.
House : Let me guess, lighthouse keeper?
Nash : I was a classics professor at Princeton for 26 years.
Nash : Mostly research.
House : So, your closest colleagues died 2 ,000 years ago, that must be it.
House : Not that you have no friends because, say, you're a miserable bastard.
Nash : What do you care?
House : The next few hours are gonna be grim.
House : There'll be nausea, pain, no company as soon as I get myself out of here.
House : I can unlock the regulator, you can put yourself into a narcotic haze,
House : sleep blissfully to the end.
Nash : Is that a favor to me or to you?
UNK: Win-win.
Nash : No, thanks.
UNK: You're trying to guilt me for not taking your case?
Nash : You think a classicist doesn't believe in fate?
House : You think Odysseus would lie whimpering like a loser in a hospital bed?
Taub : Come on, take my offer.
House : Take the drug holiday, numb yourself out.
Nash : I think you're the one who wants to numb himself out.
UNK: Truth.
Wilson : How did your dad react when you came out to him?
Thirteen : He made me tea.
Thirteen : Seriously. Doesn't matter what I tell him, he smiles, tells me he supports me,
Thirteen : and makes me some peppermint tea.
Wilson : Truth or dare?
UNK: Truth.
Thirteen : Are you dating anyone?
Wilson : Now? No.
Thirteen : Interesting, you added a modifier. Truth.
Wilson : When you were dating Foreman... No, no, no.
UNK: What?
Thirteen : If it was something personal about him or us,
Thirteen : I just don't think that's right to answer. We all work together.
Wilson : That's the whole point of this game, something personal,
Wilson : preferably embarrassing. Just pick something else.
UNK: Loud Speaker : You see, this is your problem.
Wilson : You act like you're so liberal and open,
Wilson : but you are the least...
Thirteen : I changed my mind. Dare. Just no nudity.
Wilson : Yes, nudity. I want you to show your breasts
Wilson : to Taub.
Thirteen : That is the most idiotic dare ever.
Wilson : Have you ever played this game?
Wilson : Well, I thought showing me your breasts would be a little exploitative.
Thirteen : Your dare is in the future, genius.
Wilson : Hey, if you're saying you won't do it...
Thirteen : No, no, no, no.
Thirteen : Of course I'll show my breasts to Taub,
Thirteen : tomorrow, perhaps, or maybe sometime next year,
Thirteen : you know, because I'm honor-bound.
Wilson : Truth or dare?
Cuddy : It's understandable that you wouldn't be happy right now.
Cuddy : Your world is changing. Are you scared?
Cuddy : And how do you feel about your sister?
Walker : I hate her.
Cuddy : Walker, this is important. Did you do anything to the baby?
Cuddy : Did you move her somewhere? Hide her?
UNK: No.
UNK: Nobody'll be mad at you.
Walker : I said no, so stop asking me.
Nash : Bad pain day?
House : Bad pain month.
UNK: And since I'm not using it...
Nash : If you don't want the morphine,
Nash : you must have something of your own.
House : I was in rehab.
House : Had a little problem with the "something of my own."
House : Now all I take is ibuprofen, and that's two flights up.
Nash : For the whole month?
House : The pain's migrated, I think the arterial wall is damaged.
Thirteen : And what? You don't know?
House : I haven't had an arteriogram yet.
Nash : You don't want the test in case the arterial wall is fine,
Nash : which would mean that the pain is coming from something else.
Nash : What's her name?
UNK: Interesting that you'd jump from physical pain to long-Iost love.
House : You're projecting.
House : So, what's her name?
Nash : What time is it?
UNK: What does it matter to you? It's T-minus four hours.
UNK: 8 : 20. Now tell me who she is,
UNK: and what are the pathetically long odds that she's gonna visit or call.
UNK: Only that's a reason not to take the morphine.
UNK: Dude.
UNK: Dude.
Taub : Is the room still spinning?
Foreman : Mine is.
Foreman : Maybe we shouldn't have taken so many?
Taub : I'm gonna try to stand up.
Foreman : You be careful.