UNK: Truth.
Thirteen : You said you weren't dating anyone now.
UNK: Does that mean you recently were or soon will be?
Thirteen : Oh. Look who's guarded now.
Thirteen : You had no problem talking about your sex life, but your love life...
Thirteen : Fine, dare it is.
Thirteen : No nudity. Now or in the future.
Thirteen : You're too much of a nice boy, Wilson.
Thirteen : Let's let the bad boy out for a bit.
Thirteen : You have to go steal one dollar, right now.
Wilson : From who?
Wilson : Oh, come on.
UNK: "Interned at Hopkins," old news.
Taub : Here we go! "Academic probation."
UNK: I'm asking you to please stop reading.
Taub : I'm afraid I can't do that.
UNK: "Faked a lab result." Very wrong.
Taub : And you came down to destroy the record before it gets digitized.
UNK: Permanentized. Even wronger.
UNK: I...
Foreman : I needed to beat all those elite, spoiled kids around me.
Foreman : To show no weakness, to win at everything.
Foreman : Why'd I just tell you that?
Foreman : I always talk too much when I'm stoned.
Foreman : Why'd I just tell you that?
Taub : It was stupid.
Taub : You had great grades. One lab result shouldn't have mattered.
Foreman : Except I didn't think I deserved
Foreman : to be at a top med school in the first place.
UNK: Again.
UNK: Faking a lab result is one thing,
Taub : but you needing to come down here to destroy the records
Taub : 12 years after the fact...
Taub : This isn't about med school.
Taub : You don't think you belong here at the hospital.
UNK: "Dr. Taub, comma, Christopher Michael."
House : So, this is what it comes down to in the final hours.
House : Deifying some lost love.
House : Hoping to get her on the phone and make everything perfect.
House : It's pathetic.
House : Either you left her for a reason or she left you for a reason.
House : A phone call is not gonna...
Nash : It's my daughter.
House : So, why isn't she here?
Nash : I left my family when Gracie was six.
Nash : I was sort of forced out, actually,
UNK: after I had had an affair with a student.
House : For sex or love?
UNK: Neither.
Nash : I'd only married Gracie's mother because of the baby.
Nash : But I didn't think I could handle the commitment,
UNK: and just like any decent academic, I proved myself right.
House : And what time it is matters because...
UNK: She's a dance teacher in Atlanta,
UNK: she gets home from work at 9 : 00,
UNK: and I just wanted to speak to her one more time.
UNK: That's my story.
UNK: What's yours?
House : Same thing, pretty much.
Nash : I'm gonna be dead in a few hours,
Nash : your secrets couldn't be safer,
Nash : unless you're keeping them from yourself.
House : I like being alone.
UNK: At least I convinced myself that I'm better off that way.
UNK: And then I met someone in a psychiatric hospital of all places.
House : She changed me.
House : And then she left.
House : We're better off alone. We suffer alone, we die alone.
House : Doesn't matter if you're a model husband or father of the year,
House : tomorrow will be the same for you.
Nash : But yesterday would've been different.
UNK: Hey, Daria.
Daria : Dr. Wilson.
Wilson : Could you cook me up a chicken sandwich?
Daria : Grill's closed.
Wilson : It's important, medically.
Wilson : Dr. Hadley needs a high-protein meal right now.
Wilson : She doesn't like to talk about it but she has hypoproteinemia.
Daria : We got chicken salad.
Wilson : Yeah, that's cold.
Daria : She needs to eat warm protein for this disease?
Wilson : Well, we could give her cold protein
Wilson : whose uptake enzymes haven't been activated,
Wilson : as long as you don't mind her risking liver and kidney failure and eventual death.
Wilson : But, hey, it's worth it so you don't have to flip on the grill.
Daria : You don't have to be obnoxious about it.