Foreman : I think I can live with that.
House : You're on two milligrams of morphine an hour.
House : How the hell are you still awake?
House : No, don't tell me.
House : Ischemic cardiomyopathy.
House : If the blood's not reaching your gut,
UNK: you'd have intestinal hypoperfusion,
House : that'd be stronger than the narcotics.
Nash : The nurse said I might only have a day or two left.
House : She was being kind.
Nash : You're Dr. House, aren't you?
House : Oh, God, don't tell me we used to date.
Nash : The limp, yeah, I read about you. I sent you a letter.
Nash : Before they knew what was wrong,
UNK: I tried to get you to take my case.
House : Yeah, well, you should have kept reading.
House : Heart disease is kind of below my pay grade.
Nash : It started as tooth pain.
Nash : No one got it that it was a heart problem
UNK: until I had a series of massive heart attacks.
Nash : This doesn't bother you?
House : You talking with your mouth full? A little.
Nash : I meant the fact that you're standing in here watching me die
UNK: because my file bored you.
House : I take maybe one in 20 cases.
House : A lot of the people I turn down end up dying.
House : It's really a good argument for there being more than one me,
House : when you think about it.
UNK: Truth.
Wilson : All right.
Wilson : Have you ever had a threesome?
UNK: No.
Wilson : You haven't?
UNK: What, just because I'm bisexual?
Wilson : Well, yeah.
Thirteen : Do you understand what bisexual means?
Thirteen : It doesn't mean you have sex with two people at once.
Thirteen : And by the way, you didn't ask me if I'd had a foursome.
Wilson : Truth or dare?
Wilson : Wait, you've had a foursome? No.
Thirteen : But now you've asked me two questions so I get to ask you two.
Thirteen : You see why I was the queen.
Sarah : Walker wouldn't do anything, he's my son, too.
Cuddy : I don't mean to sound cold, but he's your stepson.
Cuddy : We can't ignore any possibility.
Sarah : Walker's been getting in fights a lot at school, lately.
Sarah : Last week, he hit another kid with a book, hard enough to draw blood.
Sarah : If he did something to the baby...
Chase : We were working on it.
Cameron : We failed.
Chase : No. You had a conversation with House,
Chase : then came back, informed me I'd been forever poisoned by him
Chase : and started packing.
Cameron : It's interesting how your story leaves out the part
Cameron : where you murdered another human being.
Chase : A dictator who was committing genocide.
Chase : You thought about doing it yourself.
Cameron : But I didn't.
Chase : Right, because you're not toxic like I am.
Donald : What do you think is gonna happen here?
UNK: You're going to logic me into coming back?
Taub : There must be over 30 malpractice settlements in here.
Foreman : He did a brain biopsy without CT mapping
UNK: "causing brain herniation and death."
Taub : Look at this one.
UNK: "Patient lost four liters of blood from a botched penisectomy."
Foreman : On a patient named Lisa Cuddy?
Foreman : Damn it, they're all named Lisa Cuddy!
Taub : He's not even here and he's screwing with us.
Taub : Where's the joy in that?
UNK: You really wanna get into his head?
Taub : Yeah, but I decided against stabbing myself in the leg
Taub : or getting addicted to pain pills.
Foreman : You can skip the stabbing.
Taub : Where did you... Confiscated them
UNK: from a drug seeker in the clinic. Didn't get a chance to turn them in.
UNK: It is after-hours.
Taub : I'll take one.
Taub : Walk in House's shoes for a night.
Foreman : One? I believe he wears a larger size.