Cuddy : No news.
Cuddy : How you holding up?
Cuddy : You let them sedate you.
UNK: Yeah.
Sarah : Do you have kids?
Cuddy : A little girl.
Cuddy : I adopted her last year.
Sarah : I adopted Walker right after Donald and I got married.
Sarah : What if I can never love Walker the way I love my daughter?
Sarah : Does that make me a horrible person?
Cuddy : Let me get you some tissues.
Cuddy : Did you request some extra towels?
Sarah : No. What? Why?
Cuddy : There are eight towels in Sarah's room.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : There should only be four.
Smits : Housekeeping handles towels.
Cuddy : I need you to track down their logs.
Cuddy : Figure out who was up there and when.
Smits : Because they got extra towels?
Cuddy : Just find the logs. Now.
Cuddy : Adrienne, you okay?
UNK: Sure.
Smits : What's wrong?
UNK: Adrienne, give me your arm.
Cuddy : The hair on her left arm is standing up.
UNK: Asymmetric neurological function.
Cuddy : She's having a pilomotor seizure.
Smits : She seemed fine a minute ago.
UNK: She was, she's probably been having complex seizures all day.
Cuddy : She'd be basically functional,
Cuddy : but more or less acting on autopilot.
Cuddy : She probably dropped the towels off twice.
Cuddy : She could have taken the baby.
Cameron : We never really did have a proper goodbye.
UNK: It's 9 : 00.
UNK: Gracie's Voice : It's Gracie, I can't come to the phone, so please leave a message.
Nash : I guess she's running late.
House : You don't seem that surprised.
House : That's what you expected to get.
House : You waited until you knew she'd be out.
Nash : Her aunt said that she starts work late.
Nash : Every now and then, I just call to hear her voice on the machine.
Nash : I was never there when she needed me.
Nash : What right do I have to need her now?
UNK: None.
UNK: Which just means you're a hypocrite. Because apparently you do.
House : Forget about rights. Just tell her what you need to tell her.
UNK: Gracie's Voice : It's Gracie, I can't come to the phone, so please leave a message.
UNK: Gracie?
Wilson : This is
Nash : your father.
Nash : I love you.
UNK: Anything?
Smits : We've covered every room on Maldonado's logs.
Smits : Been everywhere she's been.