Shaw : My husband tucks her in every night,
Shaw : tells her that Mommy's off slaying dragons.
Shaw : The trick to this kind of operation is having enough personnel in play
Shaw : to take the target down,
Shaw : but not so many that he can smell a trap.
Shaw : Which is why we have to get our people to go downwind.
UNK: Avery, tell our guy on the roof to find another spot.
Shaw : The guy on the roof. Southeast corner. The one with the binocs.
Avery : We don't have anybody up there.
UNK: It's him. All units, be advised.
Shaw : We have contact, southeast corner of Bedford and Downing.
Shaw : We're blown! We're blown. All units, go hot now!
Shaw : Stay in the van. You're the target.
Castle : Now you know what it's like for me.
Avery : Take it.
Beckett : That's him. He must've jumped the rooftops.
UNK: He's getting away.
Castle : Beckett, wait!
Man : Pardon me.
Beckett : NYPD! On the ground, now!
Shaw : Get down!
Beckett : Stop! Stop! Police!
UNK: Watch out!
Shaw : Freeze image.
Shaw : Zoom in.
Shaw : Run it.
Avery : Running facial recognition.
Beckett : - Scott Dunn. - Busted, you smug jackhole.
Avery : Foster child, sealed juvie record,
UNK: three-year stint in a Bay area psychiatric institute,
Avery : and a single arson conviction.
Avery : Last seen February 15, 2004. Six years ago, he simply disappears.
Shaw : I want every bit of research you have on this guy on my desk, half an hour.
Beckett : I'll have my guys contact Dunn's family in case he reaches out.
Shaw : - You're out. - I'm sorry. What?
Shaw : - I told you to stay in the van. - I just broke this case.
Shaw : - I need people backing me I can trust. - Hold on...
Shaw : Sorry, Detective. You're off the case.
Beckett : Sir, this is my case. He's coming after me.
Beckett : Like it or not, I'm already on the front line.
Montgomery : You and Castle found him. That's the hard part.
Montgomery : They've frozen his financials, they've alerted TSA,
Montgomery : his face is all over the news. We got him cornered.
Beckett : And you're the one who taught me that when you have an animal cornered,
Beckett : that's when they're the most unpredictable.
Montgomery : Yes, and that's also when they make mistakes.
Montgomery : He does something stupid, and we will take him down.
Montgomery : And you've been running flat out for days.
Montgomery : You need to go home and get some sleep.
Beckett : - Sir, I don't have a home. Yes, you do.
UNK: It's a secure building with an extra bedroom,
Castle : with people who care about you.
UNK: With the Federal detail at the door, it's the safest place in the city.
Beckett : - Thank you, Castle, but I couldn't. - You can and you will.