Shaw : No. He hides in plain sight. He's a chameleon.
Shaw : We didn't see him in the crowd because he was dressed as one of us.
Shaw : Same cop, 30 photos, not one of them has a clear shot of his face.
Shaw : That is not a coincidence.
Castle : - He knew where the camera was. He knows our playbook.
Beckett : I'm gonna get Ryan and Esposito to canvass the other uniforms,
Beckett : - maybe they can get a description. - Not that it'll do any good.
Castle : The last sketch we got of this guy, he looked like Ben Conrad.
Beckett : Okay, do you have a better idea? 'Cause I'm all out,
Beckett : and if we don't catch him soon, he's gonna kill again.
Shaw : - You can't take this personally. - The hell I can't.
Beckett : He just blew up my apartment. I think that's pretty damn personal.
Shaw : Do you know how they caught Son of Sam?
UNK: A parking ticket. Berkowitz parked too close to a fire hydrant.
Shaw : All we need to find is our parking ticket and we catch this son of a bitch.
Shaw : As smart as he is, he's got a fatal flaw. Hubris.
Shaw : It's not enough for him to be smart. He wants us to know it.
Shaw : He wants us to know he fooled us.
Shaw : All of his first victims, the personal injury lawyer,
Shaw : the dog walker, the taxidermist,
Shaw : they all link back to the death of Ben Conrad's dog.
UNK: How could our killer have known all the players in someone else's life?
UNK: - He must've known Ben Conrad. - So that's where we start.
Shaw : We treat Ben Conrad as the first victim in this case.
Beckett : And then we find out where he intersected with our killer.
Alexis : - Dad! - Hey. Hey, hey. I'm all right.
Castle : - I'm all right. - Where's Detective Beckett?
Castle : At the precinct.
Martha : I can't imagine how she survived that explosion.
Martha : - Where was she when it went off? - She was there.
UNK: She jumped into the bathtub.
Castle : The bathroom door and the cast-iron tub protected her from the blast.
UNK: Oh!
Alexis : Dad, why is that person going after Detective Beckett?
Castle : At the moment, all we have is a theory, but...