Beckett : Okay. I dove into the tub just as it blew.
Castle : Can you walk?
UNK: Yeah, it's just a little banged up.
UNK: - All right. Come on, nice and easy. - Yeah.
Castle : Nice and easy. Are you in any pain?
Beckett : Well, not nearly as much as you. It's killing you, isn't it?
UNK: What?
Beckett : Having to wait this long to tell me how you banged down the door.
Castle : You want me to start from the beginning?
Shaw : - FBI. - Over there.
Shaw : Beckett, how you doing?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm fine.
Shaw : What'd you see when you came home?
Beckett : The doors were locked like I left them, the windows were shut.
Beckett : I don't know, nothing seemed out of place.
Beckett : But I don't know, because I thought the case was done.
Shaw : It's not. But you are.
Beckett : - What? - Until we find the right guy.
UNK: Wait.
Beckett : This is my apartment, okay, my life and my case.
Shaw : Okay, fine.
Shaw : My rules. You do what I say, when I say, and how I say it.
Shaw : And there will be a security detail on you at all times.
Beckett : - Fine. - Good.
Montgomery : Fire's out. You can head up now if you want.
Beckett : - Did anybody find my father's watch? - It's not in the hall.
Esposito : Damage isn't as bad in your bedroom,
Esposito : but your clothes do smell like smoke and explosives.
Beckett : Does anyone know if insurance pays for dry cleaning?
Shaw : I've got the blast seat here.
Beckett : It had to have been a small device, otherwise I would have seen it.
Shaw : The lab'll have the breakdown by morning, but that's cyclonite.
UNK: The same thing we found in Ben Conrad's apartment.
Shaw : - So, what tipped you? - It wasn't me. It was Castle.
Castle : Our supposed killer, Ben Conrad, shot himself with his right hand,
Castle : yet the man that Detective Beckett and I saw in the window
Castle : was holding the gun in his left hand.
Castle : The shot went off just as soon as he stepped out of view.
UNK: He wouldn't have... Couldn't have had time to switch hands that fast.
Castle : Our real killer shot Ben Conrad, placed the gun in his hand,
Castle : making it look like a suicide.
Shaw : We were outside the door.
Shaw : We heard the shot.
Shaw : - Go! FBI!
UNK: There is no way else out of the apartment.
Shaw : So if Ben Conrad didn't kill himself...
Beckett : Then our killer was in the apartment the whole time.
Shaw : - How the hell did we miss him? Let's go find out.
UNK: Hey, guys, take a look in here.
Beckett : - I think I found something. What've you got?