UNK: He lets us think we've found him to lure us here.
Castle : Lets the FBI converge on the building, only he's not in there.
Beckett : - Where is he? - Nearby watching.
UNK: Watching it all unfold. He's got something planned.
UNK: If it were me,
Beckett : - Where is he watching from? - I don't know.
Castle : He wants to show he's smarter than us,
Beckett : Castle, if it were you, where would you be watching from?
Castle : I wouldn't be watching from this building where they are,
Castle : I'd be watching from here.
Castle : Come on.
UNK: Here.
Castle : Want me to hold it while you tie your shoe?
Beckett : No, I want you to take it. Just in case.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
Dunn : I'm almost sad to see it come to an end, Agent Shaw.
Dunn : You know, I'd expected more from you. I'd heard such great things...
Beckett : Castle, he's there. I'm gonna draw him away.
Beckett : You free Agent Shaw and get some help.
Beckett : Castle, you're my only backup. Okay, go.
Beckett : I thought it was me you were after.
Dunn : Nikki, you came.
Beckett : Put your hands up, Dunn, or I will take you down.
Dunn : I've got a better idea, Nikki. Why don't you put your gun down,
Dunn : or I'll detonate the 19 pounds of cyclonite that I have in the building
Dunn : across the street, turning Agent Avery and his entry team into mist.
UNK: If you shoot me, Nikki, it might cause my body to tense up
UNK: and push the button.
UNK: Do you really want to take that chance?
Beckett : They're not in the building anymore.
Beckett : I only sent them in there to throw you off.
Dunn : You're lying.
Beckett : Why would they be in there, if I knew that you were in here?
Beckett : Face it, Dunn, I beat you. Nikki Heat won.
UNK: No.
Castle : - No! - No!
Shaw : - Where's my people? - Across the street,
Castle : - sitting on 19 pounds of cyclonite. - She was bluffing?
Castle : - She was profiling. - Go help her.
Shaw : He could flank her. Go, go! I've got this.
Beckett : Dunn, give it up.
Beckett : Nobody has to die.
Dunn : That's how all my stories end. With someone else dead.
UNK: No!
Shaw : I believe this is your collar.
Dunn : - This isn't over, Heat. - It's not Heat.
Beckett : It's Beckett.
Beckett : You have the right to remain silent, so shut the hell up.
Beckett : - Thank you. - Ditto.
Beckett : Hell of a shot, Castle.
Castle : I was aiming for his head.
UNK: Hey, we're thinking maybe you could talk to Montgomery about
UNK: finding some room in the budget for those smart boards.
Beckett : Sure. While they're at it, maybe they can buy us Batmobiles.
Esposito : - That'd be cool. Yeah.
Beckett : - Our murder boards are just fine. - For a caveman.
Beckett : - Agent Shaw. - I was just writing you a note.
Shaw : Dunn is being transported to The Tombs,
Shaw : where he'll enjoy his stay in the Intensive Management Unit
Shaw : with the state's most dangerous criminals.
Beckett : Well, he's getting his 15 minutes. It's what he wanted this whole time.
Shaw : Yeah, but it'll be on our terms.
Beckett : I want you to know that I learned a lot from you on this one.
Shaw : You did most of the heavy lifting.
Shaw : Honestly, the thing that impressed me most
Shaw : is that you came in with Castle.
Castle : You know, some people would call that foolish.
Shaw : You made a tough decision on your feet,
Shaw : used the resources at hand. I'd say that's heroic