Thirteen : He's cold.
UNK: Eric.
House : He didn't say anything to any of you?
House : Family problems? Bad relationship? Financial pressures?
Foreman : His parents were shot right in front of him.
Foreman : Parents are ancient history.
Foreman : Not to someone who actually cares.
House : He didn't slit his wrists and peacefully drift away, he shot himself.
House : He didn't leave a note, that means panic.
UNK: Which could've been pre-empted if the idiots who worked alongside him
House : for 80 hours a week had seen this coming.
Thirteen : You're blaming us?
UNK: I'm just trying to figure it out.
UNK: We would've helped him if he'd reached out to us. He didn't.
UNK: We should've picked up on something.
Thirteen : This isn't our fault.
Thirteen : Something like 25% of suicidal people
Thirteen : show no outward signs of depression.
House : No, 25% of suicidal people have friends
House : who didn't notice anything and don't want to feel guilty.
UNK: Killing yourself also kills all other options.
Taub : Makes Kutner an idiot.
Taub : So pity, yes, but guilt, no.
UNK: If that's what you want to tell yourself.
Taub : We still have a patient.
Taub : Actually, two. One worsening, one who should be worsening.
House : You can't be in denial about Kutner and the husband.
UNK: It is possible Eddie's body is willing itself to live.
House : Well, call the tabloids.
House : Tell them you just witnessed the miracle of slightly increased kidney function.
Foreman : Maybe we should pass this file off to another doctor.
House : And the next one, too? And the one after that?
House : How many files till it's okay that Kutner's dead?
House : Cardiac enzymes means she didn't have a heart attack.
House : No vision problems means no mitochondrial disease.
Foreman : Could be a metabolic disorder. Acidosis.
Thirteen : Blood pH was normal.
Thirteen : Polyserositis would inflame the membranes near her epiglottis
Thirteen : and the heart's pericardium, causing the chest pain.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : I've hired a grief counselor, who I'm sure none of you will see.
Cuddy : And I'm offering time off, which I'm sure none of you will take.
Cuddy : But just know it's available.
House : Polyserositis fits. Start her on indomethacin.
Cuddy : If you'd rather not deal with this case...
House : I'm fine, despite what Wilson will say.
Cuddy : He hasn't come to you?
House : Pretty sure he has Mah-jong Tuesday mornings.
House : I assume he thinks that I will work through this better
House : if I don't have to keep flicking his wings off my shoulder.
Cuddy : You didn't even have an inkling?
House : I know his fantasy football team cratered, figured he'd gotten over it.
UNK: Well...
Cuddy : Sorry for your loss.
UNK: Thanks. It's not my loss.
Cuddy : Then I'm sorry you don't think it is.
House : Patient's membranes aren't going to heal themselves.
Foreman : Taub went to run the treatment.
Foreman : We'd like to go see Kutner's parents.
House : I'll join you.
Taub : Polyserositis damages the protective covering around tissue and organs.