House : Wow, if only he were here to say that.
House : I'm sure Cuddy would be bound to fall for the old,
House : "Hey, the dead guy won't mind that we're wasting..."
UNK: I need an incurable romantic to talk to an incurable romantic.
Cameron : Kutner wasn't murdered.
UNK: You deduce that by removing your sunglasses to the strains of a Who song?
Cameron : Suicide means you could have helped him, murder lets you off the hook.
House : Needs a liver. Has a liver.
House : He can make a partial donation.
House : The faster he agrees, the faster she gets to not die.
Cameron : Partial won't be enough, she needs a whole liver.
Cameron : And he'd never survive the procedure.
House : Nice symmetry, huh?
Cameron : He dies on the table, you give her his whole liver.
House : If he's gonna do this, he's gonna do this for love.
UNK: Thought he should talk to someone who spoke the language.
Eddie : You want me to die on the table?
Cameron : We don't want you to.
Cameron : Your wife needs you to.
Charlotte : My heart?
Cameron : Is still dying.
Mother : You have a couple days at most.
Cameron : But this could buy us enough time to save her.
Eddie : When can I say goodbye?
House : You can't.
Cameron : If she knew what we were planning, would she be okay?
Eddie : She'll resent me.
Cameron : She'll be alive. Nothing else matters.
House : You can't do the transplant.
House : Only if he said no, but your urgent hovering means he said yes.
Cameron : His fingers have nodules. I think his doctors misdiagnosed him.
House : Or you sprinkled too much wishful thinking in your tea.
Cameron : Obese man with lung cancer. Two easy explanations for his heart failure.
UNK: Nodules could mean something else, something curable.
House : Go back to the ER.
House : My thanks to you and your cold feet.
Mother : What's going on? I'm giving you a shot at a cool result.
Cameron : Better yet, a chance to prove other doctors idiotic.
House : Except you're wrong.
Cameron : You figure that out by taking off your sunglasses
House : to the strains of a Who song?
House : The guy who killed Kutner's parents
UNK: died of an aneurysm two months ago.
Cameron : Kutner hid from everyone.
Cameron : You didn't get a chance to save him. No one did.
Cameron : Run the test. Find out if you have a chance to save Eddie.
House : Bad news.
House : Love can't save you.
House : On the other hand,
House : mold can.
House : Your heart failure was caused by a fungal infection
House : called cardiac blastomycosis.
House : Started as nodules in your lungs,
House : which every doc, except one, mistook for cancer.
House : It's very rare, very curable.
House : I'm starting you on itraconazole.
Eddie : But how come I was getting better without the medicine?
House : Your emotional state bumps your catecholamines,
UNK: which help raise your prolactin...
Eddie : My emotional state?
House : Three months of treatment, you'll be back to your buff, chiseled self.
Eddie : I don't want the treatment.
Cameron : Do the transplant.
House : You'd be trading the certainty that you'll live
House : for the uncertainty that she'll live.
Eddie : I was ready to die anyway.
House : Now you get to be nicer to your next wife.
Eddie : If you won't do it, release me.