UNK: Fifty-four-year-old woman with acute respiratory failure.
Taub : No anaphylaxis, lung issues or tracheal lesions.
Taub : Tox screen was clean for coke and amphetamines.
House : I will give you 30 reasons, one for each pound that caused the apnea,
UNK: which inflamed the epiglottis.
UNK: Why's our rainbow coalition missing Brown and Bi?
UNK: Thirteen's with the patient, and Kutner's dog's sick.
Taub : He should be in by lunch.
Foreman : No apnea because no sleeping problems when she's sleeping.
UNK: She's spent the last six months
Foreman : caring for her husband who's dying of heart failure.
House : Reason 31, whatever whacked the husband's heart
House : is also whacking her airway.
House : And, oh, good, I thought maybe Kutner was home nursing the rib you broke
House : when you elbowed your way in for credit on the last patient.
Taub : I contributed. And the patient's illness wasn't caused by her husband,
Taub : unless lung cancer is contagious.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Not about the patient, that was kind of dull.
House : I thought maybe you were lying to cover for Kutner, which sounds noble,
House : except you're doing it out of guilt, instead of love.
Taub : She visited her sister in Hawaii about six months ago,
Taub : just before her husband got sick.
UNK: Could've picked up melioidosis from one of the islands.
House : Would have jumped to the husband,
House : finished off him and his lame immune system.
Taub : No tumors, no drugs, no bacteria...
Taub : Leaves viral. Varicella zoster.
House : Start her on IV fluids and acyclovir.
Thirteen : Can't. She's demanding to be released
Thirteen : so she can get home to her husband.
House : How sweet. They can die together,
House : instead of separately, 40 years apart.
Thirteen : She claims he got stronger as soon as she stopped breathing.
Taub : The mind can heal the body.
Taub : Seeing his wife in distress might have actually slowed down his death.
UNK: Or he just had an adrenaline surge
House : when he saw his chance to hit the singles market.
House : Send her home. We don't need to.
Taub : I had an idea, all by myself.
UNK: Eddie?
Taub : Found him loitering in the lobby.
Charlotte : You're still with me.
Eddie : Where the hell else am I gonna go?
Taub : And now, with your permission,
Taub : we'd like to try to make you better.
Mother : The pageant starts in an hour. You have to do something.
Mother : There's something wrong inside her head.
Mother : It's like she has no idea what's going on around her.
House : I thought she was just flirting with me.
UNK: I could fix it, but it's gonna cost you $3.75.
UNK: Well, I'm not just gonna give you my coffee.
House : Think of it as Costa Rican sober juice.
Mother : She's drunk?
House : That little minty scent hiding beneath the rose petal perfume,
House : and the cherry blossom moisturizer,
House : and the morning dew hairspray...
House : You sneak into Mommy's bathroom
House : and gulp some of her mouthwash?
Daughter : Gotta be perfect.
House : You spit it out?
Daughter : Mommy doesn't.
Foreman : Treatment worked.
Foreman : Charlotte's breathing's back to normal. She's being discharged.
Taub : She can resume her vigil over her husband. He's started fading again.
House : Win some, lose some.
House : And, strictly speaking, since he's not my patient, win some.
UNK: Oh, look at the time.
UNK: It's half past Taub was lying about Kutner.
Taub : He probably went to a comic book fest,
Taub : spent the night at some Wonder Woman's lair. I'm sure he'll...
House : Find out what, or who, he's doing.
House : Either way, Cuddy's gonna want me to write it under "Reason for Termination."
UNK: Is that Kutner? Charlotte.