Rachel : Honey, what are you doing here?
Phoebe : Which sister is this?
Phoebe : Is this the spoiled one or the one that bit her?
Jill : Daddy cut me off.
Phoebe : Never mind, I got it.
UNK: You know what I said?
UNK: I said, "I'll hire a lawyer, sue you, take all your money...
UNK: and cut you off!"
Rachel : Wow. What did he say?
UNK: That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer.
UNK: Then he told me to learn the value of money...
Jill : from the one daughter he's actually proud of.
Rachel : Did you hear that? My dad's proud of me.
UNK: My dad's proud of me.
UNK: -Rach? -Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Rachel : Honey, so what did you do that made Dad cut you off?
Jill : Okay, I bought a boat.
Monica : You bought a boat?
UNK: It wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Chandler : Boy, did we make friends with the wrong sister.
UNK: I knew it was stupid and I shouldn't have done it...
UNK: but she bought me all these CDs and said I had a cute haircut.
UNK: And your daddy didn't understand?
UNK: I know, and usually I just cry and say I'm sorry and he forgives me.
UNK: Oh, yes, good criers, the Green girls.
UNK: I mean, the Green sisters.
UNK: Man, no matter how you say it...
UNK: it still sounds like you're talking about green people.
UNK: I'm at rock bottom.
Rachel : This is the best thing that could've happened to you.
UNK: You've needed to get out on your own.
UNK: When I did it, at first I was scared, but then look at me now.
UNK: I am the only daughter that Dad is proud of.
UNK: I can't believe him. How does he expect me to buy stuff?
UNK: Maybe, you know, you won't buy stuff for a while.
UNK: I don't understand.
UNK: This is what you'll do. You're gonna get a job.
UNK: You're gonna get an apartment.
UNK: And then you will live off the money that you earn.
UNK: Okay, I know this is what you did...
UNK: but that doesn't sound like me.
UNK: Okay, but it can be. It can be you.
Rachel : And you can stay with us. Right, Phoebe?
Phoebe : -Of course, yeah. -Oh, that's so great!
UNK: Okay, I'm really gonna do this. I don't know how to thank you.
UNK: Oh, I like cars.
Joey : -You all finished? -Yes.
UNK: Great.
Gunther : Okay, here are the tips for this morning.
Gunther : Jen gets 50, 50 for me and Joey owes 8 dollars.
UNK: -What? -For all the free food you gave away.
UNK: If it's free, how come you're charging me for it?
UNK: We don't give anything away unless it's a birthday.
Joey : What if they came in third in a modeling contest?
UNK: No.
UNK: Sorry.
Jill : I just had the hardest day. Some of these are so heavy.
UNK: How did you pay? I thought your dad took your credit card.
Jill : I memorized those numbers when I was 15.
Jill : But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got!
Jill : This is my "Please hire me" sweater.
UNK: And these are my "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
UNK: Charging clothes to your dad doesn't qualify as making it on your own.
Jill : Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical.
UNK: Rachel's not gonna think it's a good idea.
Jill : -So who made her queen of the world? -I would love that job!
UNK: What's going on?
UNK: Jill!
Rachel : Did you shop?
UNK: No.
Jill : They did.
UNK: Yeah, we went shopping!
Rachel : You went shopping?
UNK: Then you came here and paraded it under Jill's nose...
UNK: when you know she's trying to quit. That's terrible.
Phoebe : Sorry, Jill.