Cuddy : Why would I do it?
House : Do you want him to leave? No.
House : Are you planning on doing something?
Cuddy : I'm waiting for board approval.
House : But if he takes the job, there's nothing to be done.
House : You had to stop him.
House : It wasn't me.
Cuddy : What are you doing?
House : Looking for a tell. Rapid eye blink, twitch of the lips.
Cuddy : Send in Nurse Unger when you pass her on your way out.
House : Oh, almost forgot.
UNK: I need to give a 16-year-old magic mushrooms
House : to treat a cluster headache.
House : Is that cool?
Cuddy : Yeah, no problem.
Cuddy : I was being sarcastic.
UNK: It wouldn't look that way in the court transcript.
House : Mushrooms have psilocybins that work on cluster headaches.
House : It's either that or cutting into his brain and going on a fishing expedition.
Cuddy : I assume you've considered he could have a psychogenic experience,
Cuddy : possibly suffer a fit of severe paranoia.
House : Well, I have now.
House : Yeah, it's definitely better that the Dean of Medicine prescribes it
House : instead of an unhinged doctor with a history of drug use.
House : Takes the stink off if the patient decides to put on a cape and fly off the roof.
UNK: Low dose. No more than 10 milligrams, tightly controlled setting.
Cuddy : And make sure the mother signs off on it.
House : Party on, Garth.
House : And don't stand in Foreman's way. It's just wrong.
Chase : New research shows that a chemical component in the mushrooms can...
Nate : Yeah, lots of technical medical stuff. So when do I get them?
Enid : I went to college. I know about mushrooms.
Enid : Friend of a friend shot himself in the foot.
Nate : They're not giving me a gun, Enid!
Nate : Sign the consent form.
Chase : We'll be monitoring him, but cardiac arrest is possible.
UNK: Big "E,"
UNK: small "N"...
Enid : And if the mushrooms don't work?
Cameron : The next step would be a type of brain surgery.
Enid : Oh, God.
UNK: Pain's getting worse!
Nate : Need shrooms now!
Nate : Oh, yeah.
Chase : Nate, how's the pain?
UNK: Hey, hey! It's Skippy, the bush kangaroo!
Nate : What I got here
Nate : is the opposite of pain.
Cameron : That means you're suffering from cluster headaches, which means hopefully...
Nate : Man, you're hot.
Nate : She's making me horny.
Nate : Hey, hey, hey, you can't get me stoned, then not close the deal.
Nate : You'll regret saying no!
Nate : Check it out.
Chase : Oh, for God's sake.
Cameron : Hold it.
Cuddy : What are you doing?
Cameron : He has undersized testes.
Cameron : His other secondary sexual characteristics are normal.
UNK: If you want to curry favor with me, avoid discussions of other men's testicles.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Focus on phrases like,
House : "You were right about the cluster headaches."
UNK: You're wrong about what caused them.
Chase : Vascular problem in a major artery wouldn't cause hypogonadism.
House : Okay, what causes rage, headaches, personality disorder and hypogonadism?
Cameron : Where's Foreman?
House : He's mad at me.
UNK: Why? No reason.
Chase : Yeah. That makes sense.
UNK: The male genitals are controlled by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland.
House : We're not talking about Foreman anymore.
Cameron : Kid's being pummeled at school.
Cameron : A couple blows to the head can cause hypothalamic lesions.
UNK: We ever going to talk about what happens when Foreman's gone?
House : If this were an employee-owned airline in Scandinavia, yes.
House : It's not lesions. His temperature would be all over the map.
House : Symptoms don't lie.
UNK: He's gone in less than a week, and you haven't even read a résumé.
Chase : Doesn't even need to. The two of us can handle it.
Chase : Craniopharyngioma fits the symptoms.
House : Biopsy the brat's pituitary.
House : And let the record show I was right about the cluster headaches.
Nate : Forget it!
Cameron : It's a straightforward procedure.
Cameron : We thread an endoscopic tube up through the nostril...
Nate : And cut something out of my brain? No way.
Cameron : If it's a tumor, it could kill you.