House : Run a hamburger test.
House : It's exactly what it sounds like.
House : Stuff him full of meat, wait for his ammonia levels to spike.
Cuddy : I'll double your salary.
Foreman : Chase and Cameron would mutiny if they found out.
Cuddy : Chase and Cameron wouldn't be heading up their own diagnostic group.
UNK: You'd work in parallel with House. It'll be your practice.
Cuddy : Separate staff, separate cases, complete autonomy.
Foreman : I've only been doing this for three years.
Cuddy : Three years under House.
Cuddy : No better training.
Foreman : And when that case comes along that I can't figure out,
Foreman : you know who I'd have to go to.
Cuddy : Or you can just let that patient die. That's completely up to you.
UNK: No.
UNK: Why?
Foreman : He's evil.
Cuddy : He didn't sabotage your interview.
Foreman : How do you know?
Cuddy : Because I did.
House : I didn't!
Cuddy : You believed me. Means you're not sure House did it.
Foreman : Well, somebody did it.
Foreman : Somebody here did it.
Foreman : I can't work here.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Nate : This isn't a medical procedure.
Nate : This is just about Doogie making me eat garbage.
UNK: We need to see how your liver processes the proteins.
Nate : Then get me a steak. Some roast beef.
Enid : What if I brought him something from home?
Chase : It has to be prepared here so we know there's no chemicals or preservatives
Chase : that could affect the test results.
Nate : I'm not eating anything prepared
Nate : by five-dollar-an-hour immigrant hospital cooks in hairnets.
Chase : Shut up!
Chase : Either you start eating or I'm going to strap you to this bed
Chase : and shove these down your throat one by one.
Chase : Got it?
Nate : Can't get mad at me!
Nate : I'm sick!
UNK: MIMICKING COUGHING
Nate : Supposed to feel bad for me.
Chase : Nurse, full set of body restraints.
Chase : Trust me. It'll be a lot less messy if you do it yourself.
Cuddy : You killed Foreman's job interview.
Cuddy : Why would I... Somebody did.
Cuddy : Wasn't me, and it wasn't House,
Cuddy : which means it has to be somebody who thought he was protecting House,
Cuddy : which means it has to be somebody who actually likes House,
Cuddy : which means it's either you
Cuddy : or the weird night janitor who wears his pants backwards.
Wilson : I want Foreman to leave.
Wilson : House has to realize he needs someone who stands up to him.
Wilson : Cameron's in love with him, Chase is afraid of him and I enable him.
Wilson : House needs limits. I give him...
Wilson : You authorize magic mushrooms.
Wilson : House is a six-year-old who thinks he's better off without parents.
Wilson : A few tummy aches after dinners of ice cream and ketchup
Wilson : might do him some good.
Cuddy : You're lying.
Cuddy : An enabler doesn't conspire against. An enabler enables.
UNK: What? You're paranoid.
Cuddy : You made that call.
Cuddy : And because of that call,
Cuddy : you basically guaranteed Foreman's out of here.
Doug : I thought it'd be fun to work on my boat with him.
House : And you went shirtless, because skin cancer looks cool.
Doug : Well, I realize I got burnt. I'm not too worried about that.
Doug : It's these white marks. You know.
House : Lie down.