Chase : Because as long as Foreman thought you were guilty,
UNK: he was going to be useless around here.
UNK: You know, sometimes I forget why I hired you.
Chase : You cost him a good opportunity and gained nothing.
House : I cost him a crappy opportunity.
UNK: New York Mercy is where you go to treat boils and cysts and build a 401-K.
Chase : If you want him to stay, tell him.
House : I don't, and there'd be no point.
Chase : You do.
Chase : And the point would be to make him feel like he's wanted.
House : He doesn't need that.
Chase : All right, then, it'd make him feel like maybe you weren't evil.
Chase : He needs that.
Chase : Talk to Foreman.
House : We dumped one symptom,
House : but forgot to add one.
House : Revenge time, Nate.
Nate : Are you... Yes, I am.
House : Black or white?
Nate : Just limp away.
UNK: He doesn't want to play. Leave him alone.
UNK: Pick one, or this comes out.
House : And for all you know, this is really important.
UNK: GROANS
Proctor : Stop it!
House : That hurts, right?
House : Which is odd, because I'm really enjoying this.
House : You hold the pieces that way because you can't bend your thumb,
House : because your bones have formed abnormally,
House : thanks to all the crap that's been pushing its way in between them.
House : Actually, this stuff isn't important at all.
Enid : Your doctors said he needs immunosuppressants.
House : They're idiots. It's not amyloidosis.
House : It's iron.
House : He's got hemochromatosis.
House : The body absorbs iron from food but can't process it, can't get rid of it.
UNK: Causes all the symptoms.
House : Including something that wasn't a symptom.
House : Those body aches? They were not from the fighting.
Enid : His personality issues?
UNK: Sorry.
House : The iron's innocent on that count.
House : Your kid's a jerk.
House : Yeah, it's probably your fault.
House : Although, if you'd stayed off the meat like your mom said,
House : you'd have half as much iron and be twice less
House : almost dead.
UNK: GROANS
House : Oh, nurse!
UNK: ALARM BEEPING
House : This patient is bleeding, for some reason.
Enid : Is he going to be okay?
House : He'll need dialysis,
UNK: gonna have to get his blood drained every few months for the rest of his life.
House : My condolences.
House : It's going to be a long and annoying life.
UNK: And I wouldn't have taken your bishop.
House : I'd have moved my queen to D6, defusing the threat,
House : then rook to E8, attacking the king's pawn.
House : I'd have lost the exchange but won the game.
House : I know.
Nate : I was bluffing.
Nate : And that's why
Nate : you lost.
UNK: Jerk.
Foreman : You just here to watch or you got something to say?
House : Still running the new biopsy for amyloidosis?
Foreman : Yeah. Still nothing.
House : Run the test again. Recheck your results.
House : Looks like you're in for an all-nighter.