House : Four milligrams I.V. Lorazepam.
Nurse : Right away.
Chase : I hate this kid.
House : I like this kid.
UNK: Did you get the job?
UNK: They're going to let me know.
Cameron : Kelley-Seegmiller didn't cause this seizure.
House : So we've got one more symptom, one less diagnosis.
UNK: I assume they're going to call for references.
UNK: Did you give them my name?
UNK: No.
Foreman : Amyloidosis can cause seizures,
Foreman : and the protein buildup could cause organ failure.
Chase : Wouldn't alter his personality.
House : Whose name did you give?
Foreman : My last boss.
UNK: Ouch.
House : That can't look good.
Chase : I hate this kid.
Cameron : What if we're not dealing with one condition?
Cameron : What if it's multiple conditions?
UNK: It's got to be one. It's always one.
UNK: But nothing explains this constellation of symptoms.
UNK: We've got to be missing something.
Chase : Maybe the kid lied about some medication. Maybe he's hiding something...
Cameron : Why would he be hiding something?
UNK: Well, I don't know, because he's evil?
House : What if he is?
House : What if the symptoms lied?
UNK: There.
House : Now all we're looking at is a simple evil jerk with amyloidosis.
Foreman : You're not being objective.
House : Amyloidosis was your idea.
Foreman : You were right. It doesn't fit the symptoms.
UNK: Yeah, it does. Look.
Foreman : You crossed it off because you want to hate the kid,
Foreman : and you can't hate him if he's a victim...
House : You want him to be a victim because you want to believe that people are good.
House : And if they're not, it's got to be a chemical problem.
House : Except they're not, and it's not.
House : Flush him with immunosuppressants.
House : Get a biopsy to confirm, and find him a marrow donor.
Enid : What'll happen to him?
Chase : Substances called amyloid proteins
Chase : build up in the body's organs, shutting them down.
Chase : It's a fairly rare disease, and I'm afraid it can be fatal.
Enid : So, do you operate or something to take them out?
Chase : He needs a bone marrow transplant.
Chase : Dr. Cameron is searching the donor bank.
Chase : We should test you as well.
Enid : When you first told me he was sick, I was
UNK: happy.
UNK: Relieved.
UNK: Now...
UNK: Nate, I'm going to take a small piece of nerve from your ankle.
Foreman : Let me know if you feel any pain.
Nate : I'm burning up.
UNK: Why can't you just knock me out like you did last time?
Foreman : Wish I could.
Foreman : But your body has to be clear so it's ready for a marrow transplant.
Nate : Hey, Dr. X.
Nate : I know you've busted ass trying to save me.
Foreman : It's all right.
UNK: I wasn't going to thank you.
UNK: I was going to tell you
Nate : you really suck at this.
Foreman : We're doing our best.
Nate : That's sort of my point.
Nate : Your best really sucks.
Foreman : Nerve biopsy was clean. No evidence of amyloidosis.
House : It was your idea. Don't give up on it so fast.
Foreman : He's running a fever.
Foreman : If it's two conditions, one of them's got to be an infection.
Foreman : We should start him on antibiotics, see what clears up, what doesn't.
House : Is he having trouble breathing?
Foreman : Yeah, he has mucus in his chest from an infection.
UNK: Could also be from an amyloid buildup.
House : Keep him on immunosuppressants and biopsy somewhere else.
House : His sinuses.
UNK: Look, you got two choices :
House : Engage me in a futile argument then do what I asked,
House : or just do what I asked.
House : You're not ready.
House : There was a third choice.
UNK: "Don't do what I asked."
UNK: You could have defied me, stuck the kid on antibiotics,
House : but you didn't.
House : Because you still trust my judgment more than your own.
Chase : You sabotaged Foreman's job interview, didn't you?
House : Foreman's already been over this.
House : It wasn't me.
Chase : Everybody's chasing ghosts over this,
Chase : which means either nobody did it
Chase : or somebody wants everybody chasing ghosts.
Chase : Now, who does that sound like?
House : And why would I do that?