UNK: 'Cause nothings happened, but we've talked about it a lot and...
UNK: Natalie [almost Crying] : It's just really hard doing this by myself.
Chase : When's the last time you had a full night's sleep?
UNK: Um...
UNK: Natalie [blows] : I don't know. Three years?
UNK: You're not gonna get any rest here.
Chase : People who are sick are not the only ones
Chase : who need to be taken care of.
Park : Why doesn't Chase have to be here?
House : You think he knows anything about women who don't want to have sex?
Adams : Hormone levels are normal. This woman seems perfectly healthy.
Adams : What does it matter if she says she's asexual?
House : It's the fundamental drive of our species. Sex is healthy.
House : Orgasms oxygenate the brain,
House : lighting up over 30 different areas
House : and making us forget how boring Susie Cooper is.
House : That last one may not be universal.
Park : How about damage to her spinal cord,
Park : blocking the signals from her genitals?
Adams : Sex drive is in the brain.
Adams : I suppose it could be psychological intimacy issues
Adams : caused by childhood abuse.
House : She's been sharing a toilet with the same guy for the last 10 years.
Adams : It's not the same.
Adams : Sex releases oxytocin, it's the neurochemical basis for bonding.
House : And that's why men always marry their right hands.
Adams : It's different for girls.
Park : No, it's not. I've tapped over 30 guys
Park : and never wanted to see most of them again.
UNK: I lived next to a Jewish frat.
House : We are veering wildly off track. Please continue.
Adams : This woman's life is probably better off without sex.
Adams : Eliminates most of her insecurities,
Adams : she's immune to most advertising,
Adams : and can have honest relationships with men.
UNK: House [chuckling] : Not a lot of them.
UNK: We've run every lest and ruled out all the options.
Adams : You're gonna have to accept she just doesn't want sex.
House : Lots of people don't have sex.
House : The only people who don't want it
House : are either sick, dead or lying.
Adams : So maybe she's lying.
Adams : You think she's had a boyfriend on the side?
UNK: For 10 years?
House : Sticking around the whole time? It doesn't make sense.
UNK: What does.“
UNK: Thirty?
Park : Everybody lies.
UNK: Adams [still Confused] : Higher or lower?
Natalie : Followed your advice and took the night off.
UNK: It seems to have done you some good.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Natalie : Where's my husband?
Foreman : He's not in the hospital.
Natalie : So he just walked out?
Foreman : All of the shift nurses had their hands full with a double code.
UNK: Perfectly reasonable explanation.
House : Same thing happened to me. Couldn't find my keys for days.
Foreman : The police have been notified, I have staff searching.
UNK: Natalie [accusing Chase] : You told me it was okay to leave.
Andres : I'm sorry.
Natalie : He has Alzheimer's! It's freezing outside!
Natalie : And he's sick!
Natalie : I mean, you don't even know what it is yet, do you'?
Chase : The plasmapheresis hasn't had time to work,
Chase : but TTP is our most likely...
UNK: Okay, I have to go look for him.
Joseph : Hey. Don't be an ass. Can't you see she's upset?
House : No, she's guilty.
House : Instead of being at her husband's side, she was under you.
Natalie : Okay. That's...
House : Yeah, he already said I was an ass.
House : Personally, I applaud your decision to step down off your cross
House : and get on with your life, but your misplaced guilt
House : is shutting down your brain.
House : We need you to sit, focus, and answer our questions.
UNK: So it's 6 : 00 a.m., patient wakes up,
UNK: and the first thing he sees...
Foreman : In moments of confusion, Alzheimer's patients regress to old routines.