Foreman : We still have a long way to go.
Foreman : Cold can be protective to the brain,
Foreman : but there is a possibility of damage.
Foreman : We also need to confirm and treat whatever's making him sick.
House : I just gotta do a standard battery of tests.
House : Blood, urine, EEG.
UNK: Man [surprised] : Is that really necessary for a free flu shot'?
House : Excuse me, I have to deal with someone who's having a panic attack.
Wilson : I specifically said the bet was off
Wilson : if you contacted the patient.
UNK: Exactly. You never said anything about the patient's husband.
Wilson : The deal was a medical reason why she doesn't have sex.
House : I admit I was stuck until I realized
UNK: that the medical issue was not hers, but his.
House : She's lying to compensate. It's a tale as old as time.
House : Boy meets girl. Girl falls for boy.
Wilson : Your twisted logic can't hide the fact
Wilson : that tricking a patient into being tested
Wilson : is completely unethical.
House : Come on. Don't you think she deserves to know why her husband
House : won't bend her over the kitchen counter?
House : You love all that caring crap.
Wilson : You're not doing this out of the kindness of your heart.
Wilson : You're not even doing this out of medical curiosity.
House : I thought I made it clear I'm doing it for the cash.
Wilson : Two people are happy, and your natural impulse is to destroy it.
House : How do you know she's happy? Did she tell you?
Wilson : No, chirping birds flew out of her butt carrying a banner.
House : All right' I admit that my natural impulse
House : is to doubt people's claims to happiness,
House : but yours is to be a sucker for them.
House : You tell me which one's worse.
Park : He just opened his eyes a little while ago.
Park : His heartbeat's doing well and his body temperature stabilized.
Natalie : There he is.
Park : Is that Portuguese?
UNK: Yeah.
Natalie : Honey, I don't understand.
Park : What's he saying?
UNK: Natalie [blows] : I don't know.
Natalie : I tried to learn when we got married, but I just...
Natalie : It's okay, it's okay.
Park : His body temperature is rising. It's above normal.
UNK: Wait, I thought you said it was stable Why is it still rising?
UNK: Natalie [blows] : I don't know.
Foreman : Vomiting, liver, kidneys and now fever.
House : I don't want to tell you how to do your job, Dr. Foreman,
House : since telling people how to do their job is your job.
House : But when your less-than-competent
House : administration of this hospital
House : affects what's written on my whiteboard...
Foreman : Get to the point.
House : The word "fever." Could come from the patient's illness
House : or it could come from the fact that you allowed him
House : to saunter out of your hospital and take a nap in the snow.
UNK: He couldn't have caught a virus while he was outside,
Foreman : fever came on too fast.
UNK: The hypothermia could have caused cell necrosis.
House : TTP was the diagnosis when he walked out.
House : Fever's a little high, but it still fits.
House : We should continue plasmapheresis.
Foreman : We're missing symptoms.
Foreman : We should add language loss and aggression.
House : Should we also add forgetfulness? He's got Alzheimer's.
Foreman : We've just been assuming.
House : Because the patient's wife said he exhibited both for a year.
Foreman : He's never hit her before or lost all his English.
Foreman : We have to consider any change
Foreman : since he's been admitted as relevant.
UNK: "Have to?" Do I need to pull out another card?
Foreman : Disseminated viral infection, with encephalitis.