Chase : It was just paranoid rage. Typical of Alzheimer's.
Chase : We don't even know if they were sleeping together.
Park : A few hours ago, you were sure.
House : And that's significant why?
Park : Sorry, only the bleeding's medically relevant.
House : No' I wasn't being rhetorical.
Chase : If they are sleeping together, why do we disapprove?
UNK: You're pro infidelity?
House : She's not married.
House : If marriage is feeding and cleaning someone
UNK: and limiting conversation to repeating a few simple commands,
House : then I was married to my pet rat.
House : And a lot of people owe me wedding gifts.
House : And we're walking, we're walking.
Adams : I don't care how sick your spouse gets, you don't jump ship.
Chase : Alzheimer's is different. She can't share her problems with him,
Chase : or plan for the future. The man she married no longer exists.
Adams : Yes, he does. He's in there.
Adams : This is why you get married.
House : Said the divorced woman to the divorced man.
Adams : I didn't jump ship. My husband sank it when he cheated on me.
Adams : Commitment's not conditional.
Chase : She is there for him in the only way that matters now.
Chase : She gave up her life to take care of him.
House : Proves she's an idiot.
House : If she had any sense, she'd have stuck him in a facility
House : and jumped on that strange...
House : Dr. Foreman. We were just looking for you.
Foreman : I was right about the antiemetics.
UNK: If we kept him on them like I said,
Foreman : he wouldn't have gotten agitated and punched his wife.
House : Yes, we're back to my supposed diabolical plan
House : to shake your confidence.
House : Let's see if this helps.
House : If you're speaking as a team member,
House : then I'd say you're a moron.
House : 'Cause taking him off the antiemetics
House : gave us crucial diagnostic information.
House : If you're speaking as Dean of Medicine, then I'd say you're a moron.
House : 'Cause your micromanaging kept us from doing a biopsy.
UNK: And if we had, the patient would've been anesthetized hours ago
Foreman : Unless one of your index cards actually predicted
Foreman : the guy was gonna punch his wife,
Foreman : everything you're saying is post hoc rationalization.
House : Dr. Park, would you please reach under that chair?
Park : "The patient will punch his wife."
Foreman : You clearly wrote that after the fact.
House : Dr. Adams, would you please reach into my pants?
UNK: "Dr. Blackenshmurtz will accuse me
UNK: "of writing about the punch after the fact."
UNK: And look, there's a photograph of me
UNK: holding a newspaper dated last Tuesday.
UNK: How could I have gotten my hands on that?
Foreman : You done? Rhabdomyolysis fits the vomiting,
Foreman : pigmenturia and renal failure.
Adams : No muscle symptoms and urine had no myoglobin.
Adams : TTP fits, though.
House : Start him on plasmapheresis. Unless...
House : Unless I need to say, "Mother, may I?"
UNK: And "mother's" an abbreviation.
Chase : Fresh plasma will replace the damaged red blood cells
Chase : that are clogging his kidneys.
Joseph : That sounds hopeful.
UNK: How's that feeling?
Natalie : I've never been hit in the eye before.
UNK: I feel kind of badass.
Natalie : I think maybe you should go.
UNK: Look, I'm fine, okay?
Joseph : I'll see you tomorrow?
UNK: Okay.
Natalie : We're not having an affair.
Chase : It's none of my business.
UNK: I mean, not really.