House : So what would your husband do on a Saturday morning?
Natalie : Nothing. Be at home.
Foreman : What about a year ago, five years, or 10?
UNK: Natalie [blows] : I don't know.
Natalie : He trained for a marathon once.
Natalie : Soccer practice. We took a cooking class.
UNK: The soccer trophy you were telling me about, it's gone.
House : Where was practice?
Natalie : It was close to here, on Chesterfield.
Chase : Okay, he comes, he thinks he's wailing for practice.
Adams : He'd want to get out of the wind,
UNK: but somewhere he could see the kids arrive.
UNK: There.
UNK: Chase [pointing At The Side Of A Building Beside The Field] : Over here!
Chase : On three. One, two, three.
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Not dead till he's warm and dead.
House : Get him to the ICU.
House : Start him on extracorporeal circulation.
Adams : That'll raise his temperature too quickly it'll cause acidosis.
House : We can deal with his metabolism crashing.
House : We can't reverse brain damage if we go too slowly.
UNK: Either way, if we don't get his temperature above 95,
UNK: it's not gonna matter.
Adams : Multiple warm lavage is safer.
Foreman : Do what House says.
Natalie : He has no heartbeat, he's not breathing.
Natalie : How can he not be dead?
Foreman : Body slows down when it cools, but it doesn't fully stop.
Foreman : We're warming his blood outside of his body and then putting it back.
Foreman : It'll raise his temperature enough
Foreman : that his heart should naturally start.
Foreman : Then we can shock it back into rhythm.
Natalie : And if it doesn't start?
Foreman : Then there's nothing we can do.
Adams : You think it's possible he knew what he was doing?
Adams : Like some part of him gets what he's putting his wife through,
Adams : so he tried to... Kill himself?
Chase : It's what I'd do if I were him.
Chase : At least I wish I would.
UNK: Adams [surprised] : I meant run away.
UNK: Adams [surprised] : You think you should kill yourself if you become a burden
UNK: Adams [surprised] : to the people who love you?
UNK: If you really loved them back, then yes.
Adams : That's really dark.
Chase : It's not naive.
Adams : I just believe people are capable of more than you do, apparently.
Adams : We've got brain activity.
Chase : Temp's at 93. His heart should start soon.
Chase : My dad left me alone to care for my alcoholic mom
Chase : and raise my baby sister.
Chase : I was just a teenager.
UNK: I spent half of my time changing diapers
Chase : and the other half cleaning up my mom's vomit.
UNK: But it must have been important
Adams : that you stayed for both of them.
Chase : Mom died after a few years.
Chase : It was ugly and painful, and she went with me hating her.
Chase : My sister ended up drinking half of her life away
Chase : and hating me because I couldn't help.
Chase : After Mom, I had nothing left.
Chase : So do I wish Mom had used a gun instead of a bottle?
UNK: Yes.
Adams : I didn't know.
Chase : That's why I told you.
Chase : Ventricular fibrillation.
UNK: Give him 300 milligrams amiodarone.
UNK: Be careful. Once we establish rhythm,
Chase : any accidental movement could crash him back into V-fib.
UNK: Clear.