Phoebe : - Hey. - Hey, you want to go see a movie?
UNK: I told you I had to spend all day clearing out stuff so Mike could move in.
Monica : - Oh, right. - Yeah.
Monica : Now that I'm here, I might as well help with the cleaning and organizing.
UNK: I just happen to have my labeI maker.
Phoebe : Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff.
UNK: Did you and Chandler make compromises when you moved in together?
Monica : Chandler did.
Monica : - What does he want you to give up? - A bunch of stuff.
Phoebe : And the worst one, he wants me to get rid of Gladys.
Monica : Who's Gladys?
Monica : What a tragic loss.
Phoebe : Yeah, I really hate to give her up. Oh, I know. Oh, you should take her.
Chandler : I don't know.
UNK: - What, you don't like her? - Of course I do. What's not to like?
UNK: I'd take her in a minute.
UNK: But I think that you're giving up too easy.
Monica : Honey, I think that you need to fight for her.
Phoebe : - Really, you think? - Absolutely.
Monica : You say to him, "I'm sorry, Mike, I can't live without her.
UNK: She means too much to me. "
UNK: Okay, I'll fight for her. Okay.
UNK: Oh, wait. I just realized, if I do that, that means you don't get her.
Monica : Damn it, I did not think this through.
UNK: Emma, mom's got a snack for you.
UNK: You know, every now and then, she might like some barbecue potato chips.
UNK: - Hey, guys. - Hey.
Rachel : - Hi. - Hey, baby.
Joey : Oh, any word on casting yet?
UNK: - I told you, you're not right for the part. - What do you mean?
Joey : Rach, don't I seem like a professor you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Rachel : I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna be interested in.
UNK: Look, come on, please? It's not like I'm asking you for some crazy favor.
UNK: Joey to Chandler : This is what I do for a living. I am a professionaI actor.
UNK: Joey to Chandler : Man, I'm two hours late for work.
UNK: Here's my reeI. It's got all the commercials that I've been in.
Joey : - Joe- - Just watch it.
Joey : If you don't like it, don't pass it on to your bosses.
Chandler : - Fine. - Thank you.
Chandler : - Work, Joe. - Damn it.
UNK: Chandler to Rachel : - What am I gonna do now? - Just pass the tape along.
Chandler : He's not right for the part.
Chandler : If I suggest him, my bosses will think I'm an idiot.
Chandler : And that's something they should learn on their own.
Rachel : Just tell Joey that you watched the tape...
Rachel : ...and you liked it, but your bosses didn't.
UNK: Then you're the good guy, and they're the bad guy.
Chandler : That's good. I liked it, they didn't.
Chandler : Joey, for God's sake, go to work.
Ross : I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.
Ross : I've always thought of him as someone I'd invite...
Ross : ...to my fantasy dinner party.
Ross : Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley or C-3PO?
UNK: Sorry, it looks like it's just him.
UNK: Charlie.
Benjamin : My God, you look absolutely stunning.
UNK: Well, I am having a good hair day.
UNK: - It's so good to see you. - Oh, you too.