Ryan : Merry Christmas to all...
Esposito : And to all a good night.
Dunne : I already told you where I was, and it wasn't in any helicopter.
Castle : Yeah, about that. We checked the photos from the Harlem Youth Club.
Castle : The Santa that was there was not you.
Beckett : Where were you that night, really?
Beckett : Let me help you.
UNK: I just got off of the phone with Chuck Ames,
Beckett : the guy that owns that helicopter,
Beckett : and he said that you've rented it from him before.
UNK: So, I know the guy. So what?
UNK: You got no proof that I was in that helicopter that night.
Beckett : That's because you wiped it down when you brought it back.
Beckett : But you took something with you, didn't you?
Beckett : We found this in your apartment.
Castle : Care to revise your statement?
Beckett : Let me help you, again.
Beckett : Edmund figured out a way to make a quick score for you both.
Castle : He worked the party and you were the getaway flyer.
UNK: And then when he got back into the chopper,
Beckett : you decided you wanted it all for yourself.
Dunne : All what? All he had was a damn clock!
Case : Not just any clock.
UNK: A Thomas Tilledge worth $30,000.
UNK: That crap is worth 30 grand?
UNK: Wait, you didn't know that?
UNK: No, I... And I didn't kill him!
Beckett : Come on, Dave! You just admitted to being there.
Dunne : All right! I was there.
UNK: Ed said he'd pay me two grand to fly the chopper to that building,
Dunne : wait while he loaded something on and take off.
Dunne : And it wasn't no clock.
Dunne : He wanted to know how much extra weight the chopper could handle.
Beckett : What was he planning on taking?
UNK: For two grand I didn't ask.
UNK: I just flew to the helipad and waited.
Dunne : Then all of a sudden, here comes Edmund
UNK: running out on the roof with the clock, yelling, "Go, go, go!"
Dunne : - Next thing I know we're taking fire. - Someone was shooting at you?
Dunne : Hell, yeah!
Dunne : They nailed Edmund just as he boarded the chopper.
Beckett : Did you see who it was?
Dunne : No, it was dark. I just cowboyed the hell out of there.
Dunne : But poor Ed. I kept yelling to him to close the damn door!
Dunne : But when I turned back, he was already dead.
UNK: The chopper banked hard,
UNK: and before I knew it, he was gone.
UNK: If Dave is telling the truth, the shooter was in that building.
Beckett : Not just in the building.
Beckett : The only access to the helipad is through Case Commerce.
Beckett : Which means our killer was at the party.
Castle : Okay, but what was Edmund doing?
Castle : What was he planning on stealing that weighed so much?
Castle : And why would he take that stupid clock?
Beckett : Makes no sense.
Esposito : It makes even less sense now.
UNK: We were running through elevator security footage.
Ryan : We found one person who went up to the party who wasn't on the guest list.
Beckett : The neighbor kid? Tim Cabot?
Castle : And look what he's holding.
Beckett : A motorcycle helmet.
Beckett : So he was the one that followed Edmund on the motorcycle that night.
Esposito : Kid's got a record, too.
UNK: B&E, assault, possession.
Beckett : Yeah, but what the hell was he doing there?
Gates : I think I may have an answer.
UNK: Remember that class-action suit against SunCove Funding?
Beckett : - Yeah. - My contact at the SEC dug these up.
Gates : SunCove's original Articles of Incorporation,
Gates : showing the name of the account signatory.
Gates : Look familiar?
UNK: "James Edmund Smith." The victim.
UNK: Santa is the shark who bilked those people out of their homes?
UNK: He has more blood on his hands than that.
Gates : Tim Cabot's father died in a car crash.
Gates : Fell asleep at the wheel working three jobs to pay his inflated mortgage,
Gates : courtesy of Edmund Smith. That was Christmas Eve five years ago.
Ryan : The Christmas that Edmund walked out on his life.
UNK: So, it was a tale of redemption.
Castle : Edmund moves next door to the family whose lives he destroyed,
Castle : dedicating his life to repairing theirs.
UNK: Never telling them who he really is.
Esposito : But what if Tim found out?
Castle : Then it's a very different tale.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Mrs. Cabot. But we need to speak to your son.
Castle : Your mom doesn't know, does she? But you do.
Castle : You knew who he was
Castle : and how he ruined your lives.
Tim : Yeah. Yeah, I knew.
Castle : - Tim... - It was Ed, Mom.
Tim : He was SunCove. He's the one who bled us dry.
Beth : Ed? Our Ed?
UNK: You must've been pretty angry when you found out.
Tim : Hell, yeah, I was angry.
Tim : When he told me, I wanted to kill him. But I didn't.
Castle : Wait. He told you?
Tim : Yeah. Last week.
Tim : He asked for my forgiveness, and he said he wanted to make things right.
UNK: The lawyer was gonna drop the lawsuit.
UNK: But Ed said he couldn't sit by anymore.
Tim : He knew where there was evidence that could win our case.
Tim : - But he needed my help. - What kind of help?
Tim : I'm good with locks, all right?
Tim : He needed me to slip into the party with the wait staff
UNK: and jimmy-open the storage room door in back.
Beckett : And why didn't you tell us this before?
Tim : Because I couldn't get in trouble again.
Tim : I need to be here for my mom.
Beth : What was in the storage room?
UNK: Files. Boxes of 'em.
UNK: Edmund said that they were original unaltered loan docs from SunCove.