Case : we'd be a gold mine for identity thieves. None of those systems were touched.
Castle : So what did he steal?
Denise : A clock, from his office in back.
Beckett : I'm sorry, did you just say clock?
Case : Not just any clock, Detective. An early Thomas Tilledge.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Legendary clockmaker from the Restoration period.
UNK: That must've been worth a great deal.
UNK: I had it appraised at 30,000.
Castle : Wow. How big was it?
Case : It was about this size.
Castle : Small enough to fit in his sack.
Case : You know, it's hard enough imagining one of my guests being a thief,
Case : but Santa?
UNK: Are you sure that nothing else is missing?
Case : Positive. Why?
Beckett : Well, because our evidence suggests that your Santa left by helicopter,
UNK: which was waiting on your helipad.
Denise : Why would he take a helicopter?
Castle : You didn't hear anything from the party?
Case : No, but the music was loud, and the back wall is soundproofed.
Beckett : Was there anything else that was special about this clock?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Not that I'm aware of.
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna get one of my detectives
Beckett : to come down and interview your staff.
Beckett : In the meantime, could I have a list of all of the party attendees?
Ryan : - Sure. - Of course.
Beckett : We'll also pull elevator footage to make sure that
Beckett : there weren't any uninvited guests.
UNK: 30,000.
Castle : That's a little more than the Cabots needed for their lawsuit.
Castle : Maybe our Santa is Robin Hood,
Castle : stealing from the rich to give to the poor?
Beckett : Yeah, but why would he use a helicopter to steal this?
UNK: I mean, he could've just stuffed it in his sack
UNK: and ho-ho-ho'd out of there.
Beckett : It has to be about more than just the clock.
Castle : Well, there were a couple more clocks on his work bench.
UNK: - Maybe this one's significant somehow. - Okay. What's your theory?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : Treasure map inside.
Martha : No, no.
Castle : The clock was commissioned by a secret society
Castle : to count down the end of days.
Castle : A secret society of Santas who are the guardians of time.