Castle : When will it end?
Beckett : Hate to break it to you, Castle, but there is no Santa.
UNK: Well, not anymore.
UNK: You got to admit, with that beard and that belly?
UNK: Lanie Parish : He looks like the real deal.
Beckett : If by the real deal, you mean an overweight man in a red suit,
UNK: who was hopefully carrying ID?
UNK: Yeah.
Lanie : Along with lots of candy cane wrappers,
Lanie : though I don't think that ID of his is gonna do you much good.
UNK: "Kris Kringle. Address, North Pole"?
Beckett : That's cute.
Castle : Maybe he's the real Santa.
Castle : Like in Miracle on 34th Street.
UNK: Yeah, but with no happy ending.
UNK: This Santa fell out of the sky around 9 : 30.
Beckett : From an aircraft?
Lanie : Maybe, but it wasn't a commercial plane, I can tell you that.
Lanie : With a fall from high altitude,
Lanie : we'd see severe frostbite on his eyes and his face.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Hey, so I just talked with the family.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : They didn't see or hear any planes overhead.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense. He had to have fallen from somewhere.
UNK: I'm sorry. Are we overlooking the obvious here?
UNK: He hit some turbulence, slipped out of his sleigh and fell to his doom.
Ryan : Santa, lying there dead.
Ryan : You gotta ask yourself, what kind of world do we live in?
Beckett : A world in which there is no Santa and people don't fall out of nowhere.
Beckett : Can you check with Air Traffic Control
Beckett : and find out what flights were in the area?
Ryan : Sure. Bah, humbug.
Beckett : So was the fall cause of death?
UNK: It looks like it,
Lanie : but I won't know for sure until I get him back to the morgue.
Castle : Well, Santa or no, he sure is committed.
Castle : And you're saying there's nothing in his wallet
UNK: that indicates a break in character?
Lanie : - Nope. - Except for these boots.
Beckett : They are definitely not from the North Pole.
UNK: They're custom-made from a leather shop in Queens.
Beckett : Got a pair of motorcycle boots there.
Beckett : Hopefully they'll have a record of who this man is.
UNK: Hey, so I heard from Air Traffic Control, but you're not gonna like the news.
Ryan : They have no record of anyone
Ryan : flying over the park during the time our guy hit the ground.
Beckett : How is that even possible?
Castle : Santa had his sleigh in stealth mode.
UNK: No. I mean, after 9l11,
Beckett : how is it possible that someone can just fly over Manhattan?
Castle : Sightseeing choppers do it all the time.
Castle : There was this one time,
UNK: I took a midnight loop around the Statue of Liberty with this Latin...
UNK: Publisher.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : No. He's right.
UNK: There's a Manhattan flight corridor which doesn't require you
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : to radio in if you stay under 1,300 feet.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : My mother-in-law is a licensed pilot, as she keeps reminding me.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Part of a larger effort to make me feel inferior.
Castle : I'm sorry. Did I just say that out loud?
UNK: Sounds like she's staying with you, Captain?
Gates : One day soon, your in-laws will visit, too.
Gates : And when they do, think hotel.
Gates : Oh, Lord, I hate the holidays.
Castle : Yet another quality she has in common with the Grinch.
Beckett : So, if we don't know where our Santa fell from,
Beckett : - do we at least know who he is? - Well, hopefully we will soon.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Unis rousted the owner
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : of that boot store in Queens.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : They're getting him to open up the shop and check his invoices.
Beckett : Lanie's got something for us. Can you keep us posted on the boots?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: You're taking this one kind of hard, bro.
Ryan : He's a symbol of childhood innocence.
UNK: It makes me wonder what this means for the future.
UNK: It means there's gonna be one less guy dressed up as Santa.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : Hey, so we're coming up on Christmas Eve.
UNK: Gonna keep the tradition going?
Esposito : You, me, a six-pack? Madden on the big screen?
Esposito : You know, I, um...
Ryan : I think Jenny has other plans this year.
Lanie : Remember how you asked if that fall is what killed him?
Lanie : Well, it wasn't.
Lanie : I pulled this out of his back.
UNK: And that is a.38.
Beckett : Do you still think he fell off his sleigh, Castle?
UNK: No.
Castle : Clearly, he was shot out of it.
Castle : Talk about a war on Christmas.
Beckett : Or he was just shot in an aircraft and pushed out.
Beckett : So, we have anything else?
Lanie : Just this, embedded in his suit.
Lanie : A chip of paint or some kind of enamel. Cherry-red.
Castle : From a sleigh.
Lanie : I don't know yet. I'm sending it down to the lab for analysis.
Castle : Probably from a sleigh.
Beckett : Are we any closer to figuring out who he is?
Esposito : We are now.
Esposito : Name's Edmund Smith. Lives in the Bronx.
Esposito : Got his ID from that boot shop.
Beckett : I'm sorry, you just came all the way down here to give me this?
UNK: Yeah, I mean, you told me to keep you posted.
Esposito : You did say that, right?
Ryan : You know what?
Beckett : Castle and I are gonna go and check out the place
Beckett : and see what there is to see.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Javi, since when did you start wearing cologne to work?
UNK: Oh, you know, well, it's the holidays.
Esposito : And I've got places to be, people to see. How about you?
Lanie : Okay, I see where this is going. I'm gonna stop you right there.
Lanie : I already have plans for Christmas Eve. I'm hanging out with my girlfriends.
Esposito : Oh, that's cool.
Esposito : Maybe afterwards you and I can...
Lanie : Javi. Let's not be one of those sad, desperate holiday hook-ups.
UNK: But when all this dies down, if you still wanna get together,
UNK: just give me a call.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Beth Cabot : I don't think he's home.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : Is there a super or someone that can let us into this apartment?
Beth : Yeah, we have a key. Tim, can you grab Ed's key?
Beth : Did something happen to Edmund?
Beckett : So when was the last time you saw him?
UNK: Oh, it must've been last night, around 5 : 00.
Beth : I saw him leave with his costume bag. I figured he was going on a job.
UNK: Tim Cabot : Ed was a professional Santa.
Castle : Looks like he took his job pretty seriously.
UNK: No, he lived it, really.
Beth : I mean, volunteering at the rec center and the shelter.
UNK: I mean, he was always here for Tim and the kids.
Beth : He even helped with our lawsuit.
Castle : He was a Santa and a lawyer?
UNK: No.
Beth : We lost our house and he was just trying to help us out.
Beth : He was like that.
Beckett : Sounds like he got involved in a lot of people's lives.
Beckett : Do you think he made any enemies along the way?
Beth : I didn't think so,
Beth : but then last week I heard this man pounding on Ed's door,
Beth : shouting cuss words.
Beckett : Did you see who it was?
Beth : I did.
Tim : I looked out.
UNK: It was an older, tough-looking dude.
Tim : When he saw me he said,
UNK: "You tell Ed if I see him again, I'll kill him."
Tim : So, I told Ed.
Castle : How did he react?
UNK: Well, he told us not to worry.
Beth : But you could tell he was pretty shaken up.
Beckett : You think you could describe him?
UNK: You know what? I don't have to. That's him.
Castle : Well, whoever he is, he's a pilot.
Ryan : According to the tail number on that Cessna,
UNK: the plane is registered to a David Dunne.
UNK: The guy's got priors, too. Drunk and disorderly, assault.
Beckett : Where do we find him?
Ryan : Well, this just lists his place of employment.
Ryan : 1215 Canal Street, second floor.
Beckett : Wow, someone takes Christmas seriously.
Castle : You should see our place.
UNK: Our tree is a 15-foot noble fir.
UNK: We have our garland shipped in
Castle : from some lake I can't pronounce, by the Canadian border.
UNK: And wait till you see my train set.
Beckett : Yeah, can't wait.
Castle : - Hi. - Merry Christmas!
Beckett : We're looking for David Dunne.
Receptionist : Oh, Dave's in the big room. Teaching a class.
Castle : What is it you do here exactly?
Receptionist : We make magic.
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Again!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Again!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
Dunne : Once again from the diaphragm!
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
UNK: Outstanding!
Castle : Santa school?
Beckett : And I bet you one Santa is missing.
UNK: Ho-ho-ho!
Dunne : This is crazy. I did not kill Edmund.
UNK: Trust me, you're gonna have to do a lot better than that to convince her.
Beckett : You can start by telling us when you last flew your plane.
Dunne : Not for weeks. You can check.
UNK: We intend to. Now where were you at 9 : 30 last night?
Dunne : I was at the Harlem Youth Center handing out gifts to kids.
Dunne : I wasn't anywhere near Edmund.
Castle : But you did engage
Castle : in some un-Santa-like behavior at his apartment.
Dunne : Is that what this is about?
Dunne : That was nothing.
Beckett : You threatened to kill him
Beckett : and now he's dead. I wouldn't call that nothing.
Dunne : I can explain that, okay?
Dunne : See, Edmund took one of my best gigs. It was a print ad for Cartier.
Dunne : I was their go-to Santa.
UNK: You know, this year they wanted to go more warm and cuddly.
UNK: Well, look at me. I'm warm! I'm cuddly!
Dunne : But no, they chose Edmund.
Dunne : So, yeah, I drank too much peppermint schnapps
Dunne : and went over to his place and popped off.
Dunne : I'm not proud of it.
Dunne : But that was all I did.
Beckett : Did you see him again after that?
Dunne : No. You have to understand,
UNK: when I first met Edmund five years ago, he was at a low point in life.
Dunne : I raised him up, I taught him everything I knew.
UNK: I turned him into a world-class Santa.
Dunne : And now I'm losing gigs to him?
UNK: Well, maybe that's it.
Dunne : Maybe it's time to hang up the fluffy red jockstrap.
Castle : Is that a metaphor or do you really...
Beckett : When Edmund was killed, he was wearing his Santa suit.
Beckett : Do you know if he had a job last night?
UNK: You have to ask his agent.
Castle : Santas have agents?
Dunne : Yeah, mostly we use the Bells & Holly Agency.
Castle : You said Edmund was at a low point in his life.
Castle : What did you mean by that?
Dunne : I just think he became a Santa to turn his life around.
Dunne : And it worked, too.
Dunne : Turn his life around? Was he in trouble of some sort?
Dunne : All I know is back when I met him,
Dunne : Edmund was a totally different guy.
Ryan : David Dunne's alibi checked out.
Ryan : Harlem Youth Club said that he was there last night,
UNK: and his Cessna's been parked in a hangar for over a month.
Beckett : Did you find out what Santa job Edmund was doing?
UNK: His agency said he wasn't booked on any gigs last night.
Beckett : So why was he wearing his Santa suit? And how'd he end up dead?
UNK: Well, if this was a story, it would all come back to Edmund's character.