Castle : Why he became a Santa in the first place.
UNK: Turns out, it's a mystery all by itself.
Esposito : I've been looking into this guy and check it.
UNK: That is Santa five years ago.
Esposito : Meet James Edmund Smith.
Esposito : He was a private equity manager at some big firm.
Beckett : - That's the same guy? - Yeah.
Beckett : What happened?
Castle : Dedication to his craft.
UNK: Like De Niro in Raging Bull.
Beckett : To be a Santa?
Esposito : It's pretty extreme, I know. And I'll tell you this much,
Esposito : he didn't go all Santa for the money.
Esposito : Back in the day, he used to pull down a half a mil a year.
Esposito : As Santa, he made a tenth of that.
UNK: You can make that much as a Santa? Maybe I should switch jobs, huh?
Esposito : What? Gain 200 pounds and have a bunch of rug rats
UNK: sitting on your lap with dirty diapers?
Ryan : - Yeah, thanks for that visual. - Oh, here's another thing.
Esposito : I pulled Edmund's financials. On the night he was killed,
UNK: he withdrew two grand from his ATM.
Castle : He didn't have that money on him when we found him.
Castle : His wallet was empty.
Beckett : All right, take a look at the ATM footage and see if anyone was with him.
Beckett : He might have been robbed.
Castle : Robbed and then launched into space?
Beckett : And how is that less plausible than your sleigh?
UNK: I think you mean less "clausible."
Beckett : What about his phone records?
UNK: He made a bunch of calls to some lawyer in Brooklyn.
Ryan : But here's the interesting one.
Ryan : Last phone call he ever made was to his ex-wife.
Castle : - Mrs. Claus! - Gwenn Harwin.
Ryan : I went back pretty far in his phone records.
Ryan : He hasn't called her for at least three years.
UNK: So, he pulls out two grand, calls his ex-wife,
Beckett : and a couple of hours later, he ends up dead?
Beckett : Let's bring her in.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : He called me to say that he wanted to stop by.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : It was the strangest thing.
UNK: Gwenn Harwin : When he showed up, I didn't recognize him.
UNK: And now he's just gone.
UNK: I'm sorry to ask you this, Ms. Harwin, but where were you last night at 9 : 30?
Gwenn : It's quite all right, I understand.
Gwenn : I was hosting a benefit for the Food Bank.
Beckett : And why did Edmund come to see you?
Gwenn : - To apologize. - Apologize for what?
Gwenn : For the way he walked out on our life.
Gwenn : We were good together, at least I thought we were.
Gwenn : Twelve years of marriage, of building a life together.
Gwenn : And then five years ago, Christmas Eve, we went to a party