UNK: who'd lost their home to a predatory lender,
Ryan : SunCove Funding.
Ryan : Something about illegal practices and forged documents.
UNK: Anyway, it's a class-action suit, representing 43 families,
Ryan : with millions of dollars at stake.
Beckett : But why was Edmund calling the lawyer?
UNK: She'd been working on a contingency.
Ryan : She's already lost tons of money pressing the case,
Ryan : so she wanted to drop the suit.
Ryan : But Edmund begged her not to.
Ryan : In fact, he asked her to hold off just a few days,
Ryan : maybe he could turn things around.
Beckett : - How? - Well, he didn't say.
UNK: But she told him the only thing that would turn things around
UNK: was a check for 25 grand.
Beckett : What do we know about this company that Edmund was up against?
UNK: SunCove? It's a fly-by-night.
Ryan : They made their money, then they folded.
Ryan : Gates actually has a friend at the SEC trying to dig up information on them.
Beckett : Can you check with the Fraud Division, see what they know about SunCove?
Ryan : - Yeah, you got it. - Thanks.
Castle : Speaking of It's a Wonderful Life,
UNK: I was thinking tomorrow night
UNK: perhaps we should have a Christmas movie marathon,
Castle : or some other kind of marathon that makes life wonderful.
UNK: Um...
UNK: What?
Beckett : Castle, look, I know how much the holidays mean to you,
UNK: and I know that you love Christmas, but I can't make it tomorrow.
UNK: What?
UNK: The precinct is short-staffed. So, I'm gonna have to work.
Castle : Don't you have seniority? How can this happen?
Beckett : Look, I couldn't tell Gates. She doesn't know about us.
UNK: Okay, so look,
Beckett : I'm sorry, I know that you're disappointed.
UNK: No! Ah... No. It's not your fault, I know.
Castle : It's okay.
Castle : I gotta get out of here, anyway. I got a date with Alexis.
UNK: We're gonna do some Christmas shopping.
Beckett : - Okay, have fun. - Okay.
Beckett : - And don't get me anything. - Right.
Esposito : Hey, so I pulled this from the ATM footage.
Esposito : Edmund was alone when he took out the cash,
Esposito : but he did get into a cab.
Beckett : Any idea where he was going?
Esposito : Yeah, I traced the taxi using the medallion.
UNK: Cabbie said that he took Edmund to Ho-Ho-Kus Field.
Esposito : It's a small airfield out in Jersey.
Beckett : Is that where he got on the plane?
Esposito : You'd think, but no.
Esposito : The cabbie said that Edmund had him wait so he could go meet somebody.
Esposito : Then he got back in the cab, they left the airfield
Esposito : and the cabbie dropped him off in Long Island City.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense.
UNK: How'd he end up in the air if he went to Long Island City?
Esposito : I have no idea.
UNK: But the person he met with at the airfield might.
Esposito : So, you pulled the Christmas shift again.
Beckett : You know, you shouldn't be eavesdropping, buddy.
UNK: Espo, does that look cherry-red to you?
Esposito : It does.
Beckett : Just like the paint chip we found on Edmund.
Beckett : This lock's been tampered with.
Beckett : Looks like it was forced open.
Beckett : There's fresh blood here, and lots of it.
Esposito : Looks like we just found our crime scene.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, looks like the blood is a match to Edmund,
Esposito : but so far there are no prints.
Esposito : It looks like the cockpit's been wiped.
Beckett : If Edmund came down here, and then he went back to Long Island City,
Beckett : then how the hell did he end up in this chopper?
Epsosito : Well, whoever was with him has got to have the answer to that.
Beckett : Let's start with who owns this thing.
Esposito : Well, according to the airfield manager, Mr. Mudge,
Esposito : it belongs to a Chuck Ames, but he's on vacation in Hawaii.
Beckett : Hi, Mr. Mudge. I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : Now, is anyone else authorized to fly that bird?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Not that I'm aware of.
Esposito : Looks like just about anybody can have access to this airfield.
UNK: There's no check points, no cameras.
UNK: We never needed any till now.
Esposito : The point is, if someone did get onto this property,
UNK: how hard would it be for them to fly that chopper out of here?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Anybody with a helicopter rating could take it up.
UNK: R44 is easy. You don't even need a key to start it.
UNK: So, then we're looking for someone that knew the ins and outs of this airport,
UNK: along with the fact that that chopper was gonna be here.
UNK: Maybe even someone who knew that Chuck Ames was gonna be in Hawaii.
Beckett : We're gonna need Mr. Ames' contact info,
UNK: along with the names of all of your employees
Beckett : and everyone who's flown through here in the past year.
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Hey, I got Christmas lights to hang.
Beckett : Yeah, and we have a murder to solve.
Beckett : Now, is there any way to know where the chopper flew last night?
Beckett : Is there a flight recorder? GPS system?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Again, she's a low-tech bird.
Beckett : Do you have a record of the fuel that was in the tank?
UNK: Mr. Mudge : Fuel log says it was full.
Ryan : Which means we can figure out how far the chopper flew
Ryan : by how much fuel was used.
Ryan : It was down about a fifth of a tank.
Ryan : The R44 burns about four or five miles per gallon.
UNK: So, flew about 45 miles.
Beckett : That's almost exactly how far it is to Long Island City and back.
Ryan : Edmund took the cab there and must've gotten in that chopper.
Beckett : Okay. Let's check all the heliports in Long Island City and find out where.
Castle : I mean, it's bad enough Santa has been murdered,
Castle : this will be the first Christmas Eve in 18 years we haven't spent together.
Castle : I mean, it sets a grim precedent.
Alexis : Dad, you're being dramatic.
UNK: Well, you can see your friends anytime.
Alexis : Well, what if it's just one person? And he's not really a friend.
UNK: Oh.
Gates : And having said that, Detective Beckett volunteered to take the shift.
UNK: Oh. When did she do that?
Gates : Earlier today, she came to me and asked to take Detective Eldin's shift.
Gates : He has a family, and she doesn't.
Gates : Okay, then.
Castle : Problem solved.
UNK: Okay, so that narrows it down
Beckett : to five heliports in Long Island City.
Ryan : One is a police station, one's a hospital.
Ryan : They'd both be monitored.
Ryan : So that leaves helipads at Bankcorp building,
Ryan : One West Hotel, and Case Commerce building.
Ryan : Case Commerce.
Beckett : The candy canes.
Beckett : Case Commerce, CC.
Beckett : That's where Edmund was.
Beckett : Let's find out why.
Beckett : Hey, Castle. You coming?
Castle : Yeah, sure.
UNK: Oh, you can't escape it.
Castle : Christmas is everywhere. So much pressure to have a good time.
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : - Why wouldn't I be? - Case Commerce. There it is.
UNK: Hi. What's going on here?
UNK: Looks like a heist occurred at the office Christmas party last night.
Uniform : A heist?
UNK: Denise Mckay : I didn't notice anything was missing until this morning.
UNK: Denise Mckay : And that's when I called you people.
UNK: So you didn't happen to have a Santa working your party, did you?
Denise : - Yes, we did. - Did he look like this?
Denise : Yes, he was our Santa. Why?
Castle : Looks like our Santa was a little more naughty than nice.
UNK: No, I never saw him before last night.
UNK: Michael Case : And I wasn't aware he'd stolen anything.
UNK: Michael Case : But given what we do here, I suppose it could've been a lot worse.
Beckett : And what is it that your company does, Mr. Case?
Case : Investment services, asset management mostly.
Case : Given the amount of client and account information,