Marshall : The Mermaid Theory.
Barney : It's a thing.
Barney : You owe me 500 bucks.
Marshall : Did we bet on this?
Barney : Let's say yes.
Robin : And that's why we never hang out alone? Yes.
Marshall : As Lily's best friend, you are the last person on the planet
Marshall : o's allowed to turn into a mermaid.
Robin : Wait, does that mean
Robin : that I'm a manatee right now?
Marshall : Big-time manatee.
Robin : What were those sailors thinking?
Marshall : Huh. I don't know.
Marshall : Being out at sea can do crazy things to a man.
Captain : Vast, the sea.
Captain : Deep.
Captain : Endless.
Captain : Going around for miles.
Captain : You could scream and scream, and not a soul would hear you.
Captain : Listen to this.
Captain : screams
Captain : Help!
Captain : Somebody help me!
Captain : I'm trapped on a boat with a madman!
Captain : Help!
Captain : See? Nothing.
UNK: laughing
UNK: both laughing
UNK: anxious laugh He's gonna kill me.
UNK: Okay, calm down, Teddy.
UNK: He's not jealous.
Ted : He hasn't even mentioned Zoey.
Captain : So, Ted,
Captain : I noticed you've been spending a lot of time with Zoey.
UNK: terrified scream
NARRATOR : Okay, back to Barney and Lily
UNK: and whatever the hell they were fighting about.
Lily : Seriously? I step away for five seconds, and you eat
Lily : all my onion rings?
Lily : No surprise there.
Barney : What's that supposed to mean?
Barney : Are you calling me fat?
Barney : If there is one thing you never do,
Barney : it is call a woman fat right to her face!
UNK: Wait. Barney's not a woman.
UNK: That's right-- Barney wasn't hurt by Lily,
UNK: Lily was hurt by Barney.
Barney : Want to hang?
Lily : Nah. gasps
Lily : Watch out! gasps
UNK: panting
Lily : Wow... thanks, Barney.
Barney : You saved me.
Barney : You saved us.
Lily : If there's one thing you never do,
Lily : it's call a woman fat right to her face!
UNK: Okay, now I'm on track.
UNK: The rest of this story should make perfect sense.
Barney : Oh, Lily, I'm sorry.
Barney : Hey, you want to see a magic trick?
UNK: eerie whirring
Lily : You're a jerk.
UNK: Okay, that makes no sense.
UNK: Kids, I'm officially admitting defeat.
UNK: I will never remember this story.
UNK: I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Captain : Ted, let me show you my harpoon collection.
Ted : Just gonna make a quick call.
Ted : Hey, silly question.
Ted : What are our exact nautical coordinates?
Captain : How now?
Captain : Oh, bother.
Captain : sighs Well...
Captain : she's a goner.
Captain : By now, the icy tide has already dropped
Captain : its core temperature to near freezing.
Captain : And down it goes.
Captain : Now it's at 50 meters.
Captain : Complete crushing blackness.
Captain : 100 meters.
Captain : The pressure is so intense,
Captain : the keys are popping right out of its head.
Ted : Head? 200 meters.
Captain : No one will ever find its mangled remains,
Captain : save for the crustacea
Captain : that feed off its lifeless husk.
Captain : Can you hear me now?
Captain : No. Because you're on the bottom of the sea.
Ted : Well, I got a big morning, so...
Ted : Dry cleaners, bank, you know, so... Ted, it's time.
UNK: whimpers
Captain : I have something for you.
Captain : Wait here.
UNK: Okay, you got to swim for it, Mosby.
UNK: Man versus sea.
UNK: You can do this.
UNK: You didn't get a "Good Effort" ribbon
UNK: from the Shaker Heights JCC Swim Camp
UNK: because you don't have what it takes.
Captain : Found it.
Captain : Zoey told me
Captain : you're a scotch drinker.
Captain : I bought this special for tonight.
UNK: And just as I started to realize that maybe
UNK: I wasn't in danger after all, we hit a bump.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: splash
Captain : Ted?
Robin : that if you spend
Robin : too much time alone with me, I'll turn into a mermaid?
Marshall : Yes. I mean, sure, right now, you're bald and leathery
Marshall : ancovered in a thick layer of blubber...
Robin : Am I blushing or...?
Marshall : ...but at some point, my stupid male brain will transform you
Marshall : into a foxy fish-babe singin'
Marshall : "Part of Your World" to my pants.
Robin : Okay, even if that happens, is there any way to un-mermaid me?
Marshall : I asked Barney the same thing.
Barney : Once mermaid-ified, there's only one way
Barney : a woman can go back to being unattractive again,
Barney : but it's pretty gruesome.
Marshall : Death?
Barney : Worse. Pregnancy.
Barney : If a baby's on board that train,
Barney : it is headed straight back to Manatee City...
Barney : where the grass ain't green and the girls ain't pretty.
Robin : Pregnancy?
Marshall : Mm-hmm. Once a mermaid gets pregnant,
Marshall : she becomes a manatee again.
Marshall : Never thought I'd say that sentence.
UNK: Wait! That's it!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : That's what Barney and Lily were fighting about!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : The Mermaid Theory!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But their argument didn't happen at the same time
UNK: Ted from 2030 : as all this other stuff. I'm literally in the wrong year!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : It happened much, much later when Lily was...
UNK: pregnant.
Barney : Well, Lily, I guess it's just you and me.
Barney : You wanna hang?
Lily : Nah.
UNK: gasps
Liy : Whenever we're alone, you spend
Liy : the whole time undressing me with your eyes.
Liy : You even take off my shoes.
Barney : High heels chafe my shoulders.
Barney : But you don't have to worry about that anymore.
Barney : Ever since you got pregnant, you're just a big fat manatee.
UNK: gasps