Ted : It's totally okay.
Lily : It's not okay! I didn't really think it was okay!
Lily : Pur-leez! You lie to your husband all the time.
Lily : "Uh, uh, that shirt looks great on you""
Lily : "I love your mom""
Lily : "I never fantasize about Barney when we're doing it""
Lily : Sound familiar, Pinocchio?
UNK: scoffs
Marshall : What's wrong with this shirt?
TED : Lily, ruling.
Ted : Do I have to stop
Ted : hanging out with Zoey?
Lily : No, you just need to spend time
Ted : with her and The Captain together.
Lily : If you're friends with the both of them,
Lily : then there's not a problem.
Ted : Actually, I do have a standing invitation from The Captain
Ted : to go for a ride with them on his boat.
Lily : Great. So go make nice with Captain Creepy,
Lily : and problem solved.
NARRATOR : The next night,
UNK: Marshall and Robin went to dinner,
UNK: just the two of them.
UNK: Now historically,
UNK: they had three solid conversation topics :
UNK: cold weather...
Robin : December chill-- so great.
Ted : Totally.
NARRATOR : ...sports...
Marshall : Did you catch
Marshall : the game last night?
Robin : Yeah. Nail-biter.
NARRATOR : ...and cold weather sports.
Marshall : You know what's fun? Mm.
Marshall : Is cold weather sports.
Robin : They are fun.
NARRATOR : They blew through them all in the first 16 seconds.
ROBIN : Man, this is awkward.
MARSHALL : She's giving me nothing!
UNK: He's just staring at me!
UNK: She's just staring at me!
UNK: It's making me nervous.
UNK: Great, now my left eye is twitching.
UNK: Marshall, it's cool.
UNK: She doesn't see it.
UNK: What the hell's going on with his eye?
UNK: Am I supposed to not talk about that?
UNK: Great, now my right eye is doing it.
Waiter : Can I get you two some drinks?
Marshall : Lots of drinks. Oh, so many drinks.
NARRATOR : That same night, Barney and Lily were still fighting
UNK: about, um... something.
UNK: Or was it that other thing?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Barney. Save it, Lily.
Barney : I am still mad at you for...
Barney : something, and for that other thing.
Lily : Look, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.
Lily : But let's be honest.
Lily : You've been super sensitive lately.
crying : No, I haven't!
UNK: Barney, crying : God, how can you say that?!
Lily : Watch out! yells
NARRATOR : Wait. They were on the street.
Lily : Watch out! Oh!
Barney : Wow. Thanks, Lily.
Barney : You saved me.
Barney : You saved us.
Barney : Look, I know you didn't mean
Barney : whatever it was you said that made me so mad.
Lily : I think I probably didn't.
NARRATOR : And just like that, the fight was over.
UNK: You know, kids, friendship is funny sometimes.
Lily : Wait.
Lily : I still can't resist getting one last shot in.
UNK: gasps
NARRATOR : Like I said, the fight was just getting started.
Ted : Hi, Captain.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : The Captain.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Captain.
Captain : Ahoy, Ted!
Captain : Excellent to see you.
Ted : Ah, you, too. Uh, where's Zoey?
Captain : Well, I'm afraid
Captain : she's feeling a little under the weather.
Captain : Looks like it's just
Captain : you, me
Captain : and six hours in frigid international waters.
Ted : Or we could stay on dry land, hang out with some... witnesses.
UNK: laughs You're a hoot.
Captain : I've been looking forward to this.
Captain : For a very long time.
Captain : Well, anchors aweigh!
NARRATOR : Kids, here's one thing I do remember.
UNK: I was pretty sure I was going to die that night.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Mmm.
Robin : You know, I had this really boring poetry class in college.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Marshall : You were just thinking that this dinner is really boring.
Marshall : That's what made you think of your boring class in college.
Robin : What?! What? No! No! No, no, no.
Robin : Marshall, no. No. I...
UNK: I just saw that board of specials, and I thought,
Robin : you know what sucks?
Robin : Being bored.
Robin : Which I am not.
Robin : So that clears that... right up.
Marshall : Robin, I'm an attorney.
Captain : sighs
Robin : Fine. This night's a little awkward.
Marshall : I guess it's 'cause we never hang out alone together.
Robin : Why is that?
Marshall : It's 'cause of The Mermaid Theory.
UNK: Two years ago, I had just hired a new assistant at GNB.
Barney : So, who's the eye broccoli?