Marshall : I know what's so creepy about The Captain.
Captain : Okay.
UNK: all scream Yeah.
Marshall : I snapped this photo of him
Marshall : last time he dropped off Zoey.
Marshall : Observe.
Marshall : The bottom half of his face... is smiling.
LILY : Oh. Look, he seems happy.
Marshall : Seems like a nice guy.
UNK: all murmur happily
Marshall : But the top half of his face...
UNK: all gasp
Marshall : ...wants to murder you!
Marshall : Cheerful.
UNK: all screaming Wants to murder you.
Marshall : No. Cheerful.
UNK: all scream Wants to murder you.
Marshall : Now, hold on. Let me ask him a question.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Captain, what do you think of ice cream?
Marshall : Oh, he loves it!
Marshall : Captain, what do you think of rainy days?
UNK: gasps Whoa, he hates them.
UNK: Captain, quick question :
Marshall : How do you feel about the Jonas Brothers? Ooh.
Ted : Ooh. Ooh.
Ted : What-What is that?
UNK: Robin and Lily : I don't get it. I don't get it.
Marshall : He hates that he loves them.
UNK: all murmur : Ah!
Ted : Great. Okay.
Ted : Hey, guys, Zoey just told me
Ted : about this great Frank Lloyd Wright retrospective tonight.
Ted : Who's in?
Lily : Sorry, I'm, uh, I...
Lily : I- I don't know, washing my hair.
Marshall : Running the water.
Robin : Holding the towel.
Barney : And I'll be home
Barney : trying to get over the fact
Barney : that no one invited me to the big hair washing party.
Ted : All right, fine. Guess it'll just be me and Zoey.
Lily : Oh, wait. Just the two of you?
Lily : Tread lightly, Mosby.
Lily : Any time
Lily : a single guy hangs out
Lily : with a married woman,
Lily : there are rules that must be followed.
Lily : Rule number one...
Barney : Don't use the husband's condoms.
Barney : That's just rude.
UNK: Rule number one :
UNK: don't go anywhere that has candles.
Marshall : Excuse me, Captain, how do you feel
Marshall : about Ted and Zoey having an intimate chat by candlelight?
Marshall : Mm-hmm...
UNK: yelling
Marshall : It'll be the last dinner they ever have.
UNK: Rule number two :
UNK: No sharing food. Hmm.
UNK: In fact, anything involving saliva is off-limits.
UNK: Toothbrushes, thermometers, lipstick.
Ted : Well, if I can't share her lipstick,
Ted : there's really no point in even going.
Lily : And the most important rule of all...
Barney : Lubricant is public property. Robin groans
Marshall : Please.
Lily : No lying to the spouse
Lily : about anything you do.
Ted : Why would anyone lie?
Ted : Look, Zoey and I are just friends.
Ted : If there was anything more than that,
Ted : I wouldn't hang out with her.
Marshall : Lily's right, Ted. Once you're married,
Marshall : it's very hard to be friends
Marshall : with a single person of the opposite sex. ROBIN : Yeah.
Robin : Unless you're old friends, which is why
Robin : I can hang out with Marshall whenever I want.
Robin : Right, Marsh Madness?
Marshall : No doubt, Robo Cop.
Lily : You two never hang out alone.
Lily : You just made up those nicknames right now.
Marshall : I guess it's true.
Marshall : You and I never really hang out alone.
Robin : Well, let's. Let's have dinner together, just the two of us.
Lily : Oh! Sweet.
Lily : No candles.
BOTH : No candles.
Barney : Lily, I guess that leaves just you and me. Want to hang?
NARRATOR : And then Lily said something to Barney
UNK: that insulted every fiber of his being.
Lily : Nah.
UNK: gasps
NARRATOR : Wait. No. It had to be more than just, "Nah."
UNK: Oh, I think she said...
Lily : You're a big... stupid octopus head!
UNK: gasps
NARRATOR : No, that doesn't make sense.
UNK: Okay, hang on. What did she say?
UNK: She said, um, uh...
UNK: To be honest kids, I'm having a little trouble remembering
UNK: exactly what their fight was about.
UNK: Hey, it was 20 years ago!
UNK: I'll remember.
UNK: Anyway, the next night...
Ted : Well, Lily, you were right.
Ted : Something weird happened with Zoey last night.