Richard : - One at a time. - I had an appointment.
UNK: Patricia put it in the books.
UNK: You. What's all this about?
UNK: Well, they all want to be chief. And for the record, so do I.
UNK: Please! Are you out of your mind?
UNK: Button it, all of you! I have had a perfect day.
Richard : I went to the board this morning and told them I was retiring.
Richard : I saved a life.
Richard : And now I'm off to see my wife.
Richard : It has been a perfect day until you four fools tried to ruin it!
Richard : A man can't be happy he's retiring around here.
UNK: Not with you vultures trying to pick my bones.
UNK: Chief, you're stepping down?
Richard : As soon as they find a replacement for me,
Richard : I'm stepping down as chief of surgery.
Richard : But I don't know when that'll be
Richard : because at this point, I don't see any frontrunners.
Richard : - Excuse me. - Chief, that's not true.
UNK: You just need to...
UNK: You didn't think of telling me this morning you were planning to step down
Bailey : instead of sending me on this wild goose chase?
Richard : Dr. Bailey, you need those clowns to sign off on your proposal
Richard : because one of them may be chief of surgery in a month.
Richard : It's hard to imagine, for me more than anyone,
UNK: but since you're not ready for the job,
UNK: one of them's gonna have to do it for the next few years.
Meredith : - Me? - It's you in the chair eventually.
Richard : That's who you are.
UNK: But you're gonna have to get a new chair because you're short.
Richard : You have short legs.
Richard : But someday you are going to be chief of surgery.
Richard : I wasn't sending you on a wild goose chase.
UNK: I was trying to get you into the habit of doing things without me.
Addison : He's really doing it. He's really retiring.
Mark : - One of us could be chief. - No.
Mark : One of us could be chief. You? I don't think so.
Callie : - Yeah. - Yeah.
Mark : - I could be chief - You're delusional.
Addison : Mark Sloan, chief of surgery.
Addison : That makes me vomit a little in my mouth.
Bailey : These are your letters of support for my free clinic.
Bailey : - Sign them. - Why do you want this clinic so badly?
Richard : - You're a surgeon. - Because I need something more.
Bailey : You all have your messy love lives and your secrets
Bailey : and your silliness, but I want more.
UNK: I need something to hold on to.
Bailey : I need a reason to believe that medicine can do more than stitch you up
Bailey : and send you away.
Bailey : I need to believe that medicine can not only save lives but change lives.
UNK: I need... I need...
UNK: I need to believe in something the way I used to believe in you all.
Bailey : Sign the papers.
UNK: Besides, if you want to be considered a candidate for chief of surgery,
UNK: pioneering a pilot program like a free clinic
UNK: - Sign the papers! - You still need funding.
Derek : The Nazi's back.
UNK: Good for her.
UNK: She went after something and she got it.
UNK: May the best man win.
UNK: - Best man wins. - Excuse me.
UNK: Lady chief right here.
UNK: What am I, invisible?