Addison : I'm sorry.
Bailey : Why...
UNK: What's wrong with having a lot of sex if it makes me feel better?
Addison : Do you...
George : ...feel better?
UNK: You know how you felt?
George : When you were lying on the bathroom floor?
Izzie : Maybe you're not supposed to feel better.
George : Iz, you can't help me.
George : I know you want to. But you can't.
George : - You can't help me. - I have to let you go.
Callie : Yeah.
Izzie : Just one last thing.
Izzie : Life is short, George.
Izzie : Life is short and it sucks a lot of the time.
Izzie : If being with Callie makes you happy, then go be with Callie.
UNK: - Hey, you going to be OK? - I think so.
Izzie : - How's your clinic going? - Got my signatures.
Bailey : Which is a start.
Bailey : The Seattle Grace Free Clinic will exist.
Izzie : The Denny Duquette Memorial Clinic.
Derek : - What? - I have eight million dollars.
Bailey : Izzie Stevens.
Derek : You left without me.
Derek : Now you're not talking to me.
Derek : I was a jerk.
Derek : Sometimes boyfriends can be jerks. Doesn't mean you stop talking to them.
Derek : You get that I'm saying I'm sorry, right?
Meredith : You yelled at me for no reason and then you walked away.
UNK: - And now you show up here? - Of course I showed up.
Derek : Why wouldn't I? You don't trust me?
Meredith : - I do. - OK, well, this is how it works.
Derek : You fight sometimes and somebody apologizes.
Meredith : Well, how am I supposed to know that?
Derek : You've never done this before.
Meredith : - No, I've never done this before. - Hmm.
Derek : OK. All right. Well, this is...
Derek : From now on, you can expect that I'm going to show up.
Derek : Even if I yell. Even ifyou yell.
Derek : I'm always going to show up.
Rachel : OK?
MVO : OK.
Jillian : Mm.
Meredith : You are going to make an excellent chief.
MVO : We all think we're going to be great.
Callie : Yeah.
UNK: And we feel a little bit robbed when our expectations aren't met.
Addison : Karev, I've got an ovarian torsion that needs emergent surgery.
UNK: You want in?
Callie : Yeah.
MVO : But sometimes our expectations sell us short.
Cristina : I was right.
Cristina : I swear, I really believe what I did was right.
Cristina : I don't want you to forgive me.
UNK: Frankly, I'd find it patronizing if you did
Cristina : because while I know I was right, you think I'm wrong.
Cristina : Which doesn't matter.
Bailey : Because...
Cristina : ...I'm in this.
Cristina : I'm in this for the long haul
Cristina : and I'm in this to finish the race.
Cristina : So if that means I don't win this one,
Cristina : then fine, I don't win.
Cristina : You win.
Cristina : I'm talking.
UNK: See? I'm talking first. You win.
MVO : Sometimes the expected
UNK: simply pales in comparison to the unexpected.
Burke : Marry me.
George : - I don't want to waste another minute. - I can't have sex again.
Callie : I can't. I just... Enough with the sex.
UNK: Since my dad died, I feel like someone ripped out my stomach,
George : filled the hole with asphalt.
UNK: And I laugh every time I remember I'm never going to talk to him again
George : because it just sounds like the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
George : I can't believe it's real.
UNK: But every time I look at you,
George : I feel better.
George : It shocks me.
UNK: It knocks my wind out, but it's true. I don't have to have sex with you.
UNK: I'll be happy just to look at you from across the room.
UNK: And even that, anything, any piece of you.
George : I mean, hopefully all of you. That'd be the best thing.
George : - Because I love you. - George.
Burke : Marry me.
George : Will you marry me?
Burke : Marry me, Cristina Yang.
MVO : You gotta wonder why we cling to our expectations.
UNK: Because the expected is just what keeps us steady.
UNK: Standing. Still.
Burke : Marry me.
UNK: The expected's just the beginning.
MVO : The unexpected...
MVO : ...is what changes our lives.