Mark : Especially when you have a chatty girlfriend.
UNK: See you at the finish line.
Cristina : Have you done that before?
UNK: Slice a guy's legs open while he's awake? No.
Cristina : - Impressive. - You, too.
Callie : Not that we're friends or anything.
Cristina : So you said I should be concerned.
UNK: About George?
Meredith : He doesn't... He doesn't talk about his dad.
Callie : We don't talk about anything, really.
Cristina : Talking's overrated.
UNK: So you and Burke still aren't...?
Callie : George told me.
UNK: - Well, see, you talked about that. - Yeah, a week ago.
Callie : If this keeps up, you and Burke might be the very last thing we ever talk about.
Callie : So, what's the last thing you and Burke talked about?
Callie : Silence is overrated.
Izzie : - Where's Rachel? - She went to go make some phone calls.
UNK: Try to get our shifts covered.
UNK: You know, Jilly, um... your parents are still here.
Jillian : - They are? - And I'm not the one who called them.
Callie : Yeah.
Izzie : You called them. Right?
Izzie : And I'm guessing they had to fly in from somewhere,
UNK: so you called them, what? Yesterday? The day before?
UNK: I went to an ER a while ago.
Jillian : And they told me to see an oncologist.
UNK: But I was working three jobs at the time
UNK: and I couldn't afford my rent let alone pay a bunch of medical bills.
Jillian : But, then I got scared.
Izzie : You called your parents.
Jillian : I didn't know what else to do.
UNK: You sent them away because...?
Jillian : Rachel's my best friend and after she was baptized,
Jillian : she decided to leave the community.
Jillian : Which means she's shunned.
UNK: But I couldn't just let her go out in the world all by herself.
Izzie : - So you're shunned, too? - No.
UNK: Because I hadn't been baptized yet.
UNK: So I could still go back.
UNK: - But Rachel would never. - Do you want to go back?
Jillian : I think about it.
Jillian : It's my home, you know?
UNK: And if I'm dying...
Jillian : ...I want an Amish funeral.
Jillian : I want to be buried in the white dress
Jillian : and I want everybody to be there.
Izzie : It's your home.
UNK: But I made a promise to Rachel.
Rachel : Cradle to grave.
Izzie : How did Jilly let it get this far?
Addison : It's frustrating, isn't it?
Addison : It's entirely preventable and treatable if you catch it in time,
Addison : but you've got to catch it.
Bailey : Which is why I want to open a clinic.
UNK: If she had access to a free clinic,
Bailey : she probably would have had a Pap smear every year,
UNK: and wouldn't be dealing with infertility and premature menopause
Bailey : at the tender age of 23.
George : - You want to open a free clinic? - At Seattle Grace? Why?
Bailey : Illness caught early means fewer unnecessary surgeries.
Bailey : - Fewer unnecessary deaths. - But I mean, why?
Bailey : Because. And if I can get the support that I'm looking for...
UNK: I need some suction.
Cristina : - Oh, no. - My, God.
Derek : - What? - The tumor's invaded through the cervix
Addison : - and into the bladder. - Which means she's a stage four.
Addison : We're not doing this operation today. We've got to close her up.
Bailey : There's nothing more we can do here.
Addison : O'Malley?
Izzie : It's his dad.
UNK: There. It looks like we're in.
Richard : How far did he run before his body had the good sense to pass out?
UNK: - Twelve miles. - You got to be out of your mind.
UNK: He couldn't have expected a cold and a couple aspirin to do him in.