Arlene : Only way to get the two of you
Arlene : in the same place at the same time.
Cuddy : Reopen everything, readmit everyone, now.
Arlene : I want you both to know I'm filing the suit today,
Arlene : delivering the paperwork to your counsel's office.
Cuddy : You have to be destructive. You have to tear things apart.
Cuddy : God forbid you should say what's really on that twisted mind of yours.
Woman : And you're the great peacemaker?
Arlene : Single mom, can't keep a man long enough to cook a meal...
Cuddy : You'd be dead if it weren't for our mistreatment.
Cuddy : And somehow, you'd still find something to whine about.
Arlene : We'll let the court decide who's whining since you're so sure...
House : We're not getting back together.
Cuddy : What are you talking about?
House : It's the only explanation.
House : Why she keeps making threats
House : without ever filing her stupid, yet completely valid lawsuit.
House : Why she ripped up her will,
UNK: why she kicked half of the hospital out on the street.
House : She wants us united against her.
Cuddy : This is her drawing blood
Cuddy : over the latest of a long line of imaginary slights.
Cuddy : She doesn't care if anyone else is happy for a single...
UNK: Arlene shaking Her Head : Look at you idiots.
UNK: Arlene shaking Her Head : Who else is gonna put up with either of you?
Cuddy : I asked you to move in.
Cuddy : That meant we weren't gonna reconcile.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, Mom.
Cuddy : Some things take more than a common enemy.
UNK: And you're an idiot with impossible standards.
Cuddy : Common enemy.
House : One way to trigger brain symptoms
House : when there's nothing wrong with your brain.
House : Have something else turn your brain into a common enemy.
House : You have a teratoma,
House : a usually harmless congenital growth
House : which can be filled with almost any kind of tissue.
House : And unusually, not at all harmless.
House : If I'm right, yours is filled with primitive cells,
House : some of which developed into brain cells.
House : These foreign cells leaked into your blood stream.
House : Now, the body is a little xenophobic, and it creates antibodies.
House : The problem is, there's not much difference
House : between brain cells in your abdomen
House : and brain cells in your brain.
House : To make matters worse, primitive cells can become almost anything.
House : Grow like weeds,
House : which means they can turn into tumors,
UNK: and destroy whole organ systems.
Taub : But the cancer?
UNK: Foreman annoyed : It was cancer.
UNK: It was just growing so fast, it collapsed under its own weight.
Cyrus : Am I gonna live?
UNK: Cut out the teratoma and what's left of your cancer,
House : you should be fine.
House : Think of it as your second luckiest day.
Cyrus : It's hard to feel lucky.
UNK: The woman I loved was a fraud.
House : No, actually, a fraud was a fraud.
House : You fell for her just the same.
House : You may stay miserable,
UNK: but your long-Iost love is not gonna be the reason why.
Thirteen : It's the real Jennifer.
Thirteen : Or at least the only one to show up
Thirteen : who actually has the birthmark.
Thirteen : He's renting her an apartment.
House : It'll end horribly.
Thirteen : Not for him.
Thirteen : She may take all his money,
Thirteen : and he may be a na : ïve idiot,
Thirteen : but he'll always be hopeful.
Thirteen : So he'll always be happy.
House : You lost your mother, you euthanized your brother,
House : you got the life expectancy of a pretty good sitcom.
House : If you can convince yourself that
UNK: you'll be miserable no matter what,
House : even without all that stuff,
House : then maybe you don't have to hate the universe
House : for dumping a giant turd on you.
House : Fatalism is your survival mechanism.
Woman : And you?
Thirteen : Dumped by everyone you've ever loved,
Thirteen : rehab was a bust,
Thirteen : your leg feels like somebody took a giant bite out of it.
Thirteen : We are who we are.
Thirteen : Lotteries are stupid.