Cyrus : I don't know. Wish I did.
UNK: Taub checking The Patient's File : Postural hypotension,
UNK: which could've reduced the blood supply to his brain.
UNK: Then he'd be a miserable wretch.
Taub : Actually, the prognosis is...
House : Oh, I'm sorry. I just meant his life is gonna unravel.
House : In fairness, that applies to any diagnosis.
House : Why do we do this?
Thirteen : It's not postural hypotension. He's not orthostatic.
Taub : His life may unravel, may not.
Taub : He's not chasing after material things.
House : Too bad. He might actually get those.
Taub : He's looking for love. Just tracked down an old girlfriend.
Thirteen : And she'll never live up to the memory,
Thirteen : and the thrill of finding her will wear off,
Thirteen : and he won't even be able to dream about being happy.
UNK: Interesting.
Thirteen : The patient may have found some long-ago nookie,
Thirteen : but it doesn't mean he hasn't had some in the meantime.
Thirteen : Herpes encephalitis.
Foreman : Explains the neurological symptoms.
House : EEG to confirm,
House : IV acyclovir to treat.
House : How's Foreman's BP holding?
Cyrus : - Same. - That's strange,
House : since I unplugged the lead 30 seconds ago.
House : Admirable effort. And I'm not just saying that
House : 'cause I'm scared you might turn green
House : and rip through your own clothes.
House : Down on the patient's romance
UNK: because your own life span is shorter than dinner and a movie?
Thirteen : You're the one who said miserable stays miserable.
UNK: But you keep saying it several times a day.
Thirteen : I love being back,
Thirteen : having every theory you and I share
Thirteen : used as proof of my own personal damage.
Thirteen : I'm afraid we'll need you to step out when the EEG begins.
UNK: The waiting area is just down the hall.
UNK: I gotta catch an early train in the morning, anyway.
Cyrus : No, don't.
Cyrus : I'll put you up in a nice hotel or rent you a furnished place.
Jennifer : I came for the night 'cause I wanted to see how you were,
UNK: and maybe get back in your life a bit.
Jennifer : But if I take your money...
UNK: What's wrong with a nice place to stay?
UNK: Unless, of course,
UNK: you don't wanna stay.
Jennifer : I guess I could keep my motel room another night or two.
House : Need a consult.
House : Did an EEG on my patient.
House : Turns out the reason that prior doctors
House : thought it wasn't a neural problem
House : is because it's not a neural problem.
House : The EEG did show signs of metabolic distress.
Wilson : Scan his abdomen. Yeah.
House : Let's assume we'd already figured that out on our own,
House : and found a mass on the pancreas.
Wilson : Mass looks solid. I'd say it's cancer.
Wilson : Paraneoplastic syndrome would explain the neurological symptoms.
Wilson : You need to get a piece of it. Schedule a CT-guided biopsy.
House : Yeah. Let's assume we'd already figured that out on our own.
Wilson : Then what's this consult?
House : Why haven't you been yelling at me about the Cuddy twins?
Phil : Because you're doing the right thing.
House : We talking about the same issue?
House : Is there something I don't know about
House : that I'm responding to appropriately?
Wilson : Cuddy wants you in the middle of this, so does Arlene,
UNK: because they don't wanna face their own problem.
Wilson : Somehow, in your knee-jerk, juvenile way,
Wilson : you tripped and fell into an actual adult response to this.
UNK: House sitting Down And Realizing : You're right.
UNK: House sitting Down And Realizing : That was Cuddy's strategy all along.
UNK: House sitting Down And Realizing : She wanted me to think that she desperately needed me to be there
UNK: House sitting Down And Realizing : so that I wouldn't be there.
Lawyer : Where is Dr. House?
Cuddy : I didn't want him here.
Cuddy : This isn't about her treatment at Princeton-Plainsboro,
Cuddy : it's about the fight we had last week.