House : Partial paralysis.
House : Head CT and LP showed nothing.
House : Spinal MRis and EMG were clean.
House : Brain symptom,
UNK: and yet nothing seems to be wrong with his brain.
Chase : Refrigerator mechanic, no family, in and out of work.
UNK: He just won 42 million dollars in the state lottery.
Taub : I think I read about this lucky bastard in the paper.
House : You sure you don't mean the lucky bastard
House : whose grandkids snorted his winnings
House : till he drank himself to death with drain cleaner?
House : Or the lucky bastard who was found naked and penniless
House : in a strip club parking lot
House : with his winning number tattooed on both testicles?
Thirteen : Neuro-otological pathology could've caused loss of balance.
UNK: House he Sits At The Table : Calorics were normal.
Taub : Sure, some people will screw up anything but some won't.
Taub : That kind of cash, he has a chance
Taub : to turn a miserable life around.
House : Miserable stays miserable,
House : happy doesn't buy lottery tickets in the first place.
Thirteen : Our level of happiness is set. It's in our DNA.
Thirteen : No cash payout's gonna change that.
House : It's like there's two of me.
Foreman : The guy repairs appliances.
Foreman : He's probably got toxic brain damage
Foreman : from years of working with toxic chemicals.
Taub : Or his sudden disease came from his sudden millions.
Taub : He's buying something, collecting something, ceramics,
Taub : precious metals, which gave him
Taub : atherosclerosis of his carotid arteries.
Cuddy : My mother's lawyer called.
Cuddy : She's threatening to sue the hospital over our mistreatment of her.
Cuddy : Says it slowed her recovery.
House : I was just thinking how much I want a relationship with no sex,
House : but where I still have to deal with your mother.
House : Go to the patient's old workshop,
UNK: look for causative toxic brain damage.
House : Go take a new history, and see if there's any lifestyle change
House : that would explain the atherosclerosis.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Medicinal.
House : I'm expecting a shooting pain in my ass.
Cuddy : My mom and I got into a fight.
Cuddy : Because of our replacement hip replacement,
Cuddy : she can barely get around her own house.
Cuddy : I told her she has to live with me while she recovers.
House : I'm starting to get the connection.
House : Yeah, she has a house, my name is House.
Cuddy : You're the doctor that treated her,
Cuddy : that illegally switched her meds after she fired you,
Cuddy : that went behind the back of her actual doctor...
House : Those beads from Thailand.
House : If we're listing all the things that you pressured me into.
UNK: The point is, you're the one who's on the line here,
House : whose name is on her hospital records.
UNK: Whose name is on her name? Fine.
Cuddy : We're both on the line, but she won't discuss this with me alone.
UNK: She and her lawyer wanna meet with both of us for settlement talks.
Cuddy : I need you in that meeting, acting nice and respectful
UNK: while I diffuse this stunt.
UNK: House getting Up From His Desk And Leaving The Room : Yeah, well, I'm not going to that meeting,
UNK: House getting Up From His Desk And Leaving The Room : so I'm guessing you're cool if I'm not nice and respectful, either.
Taub : Picked up any new hobbies?
Cyrus : How's a hobby gonna paralyze my left leg?
Taub : If you work on vintage cars, or you've taken up painting, fumes could...
Cyrus : No cars, no paints.
UNK: Taub watching Around, Looking At Multiple Bouquets In The Room : You're a popular guy.
Cyrus : Popular wallet.
Cyrus : Three years ago, before I had a dime, I had my appendix out.
Cyrus : Phil was there. No one else even called.
Taub : What about drugs?
Cyrus : No drugs. Look, I've seen all the documentaries,
Cyrus : I've read all the articles.
Cyrus : I'm not gonna be a tabloid cliché.
UNK: I'm know what I'm gonna do with my money.