House : Go get lotto boy's consent, and turn his cancers up to 11.
Thirteen : You, what, found my old yearbook
Thirteen : and got a picture of my high school boyfriend?
UNK: Actually, that would've been a lot simpler.
UNK: I took this 10 minutes ago.
House : Your high school boyfriend who dumped you,
House : leaving you unable to believe that
House : anyone can rekindle an old flame.
Thirteen : He dumped me after I hooked up with his sister.
House : Would you mind letting him down gently?
House : I might have made promises that you can't keep.
Taub : We're giving you more cancer.
Taub : The risks of that are kind of obvious.
Thirteen : We'll scan you, run your blood at frequent intervals.
Thirteen : We believe this is our best chance
Thirteen : at finding the underlying genetic flaw.
Cyrus : Will you marry me?
Jennifer : Don't be stupid.
Cyrus : If this cancer overwhelms me,
Cyrus : at least I'll die happy here and now,
Cyrus : instead of hoping for a future I may never have.
Phil : I love you.
Jennifer : No, you don't.
Jennifer : You don't know. You can't know.
Jennifer : We both need more time.
Jennifer : And I believe we're gonna have it.
UNK: Did you notice she's wearing different clothes every day?
Taub : As opposed to the same Starfleet-issued tunic?
Thirteen : She said she came for one night. Why'd she pack for more?
Taub : So she stuffed an extra sweatshirt in her bag or she bought some.
Thirteen : Used? She's here because an old beau struck gold.
Taub : She turned down a proposal. How long a game do you think she's playing?
Thirteen : I think if she said yes after 14 hours, even he'd be suspicious.
Taub : You're lucky you're hot and smart because...
Taub : Well, you're just lucky you're hot and smart.
UNK: Foreman still Folded : I need a hooker.
House : Not if you can make that work.
UNK: How the hell is that supposed to relax you?
Foreman : It's not for me, it's for Chase.
House : I'm saving myself, too. Maybe you should get a couple.
Foreman : You're riding me, why not ride him?
House : Because I can get a rise out of your BP,
House : his pee-pee, on the other hand...
House : Forget yoga. Embrace Zen.
House : You're a repressed idiot, he's a horny idiot.
House : Neither one of you can do anything about it.
House : Pretty sure that's Zen.
House : Thought we were meeting in Cuddy's office.
Wilson : And I put one of the radio frequency tagged sponges from the OR
Wilson : in your portable television.
Cuddy : However much it hurt, I did have a right to break up with you.
House : You just want everything to have a hidden personal agenda.
Cuddy : You need to get over it instead of torpedoing our jobs out of spite.
UNK: It couldn't just be that you're a pain professionally...
UNK: Stop!
Wilson : You're both at fault here.
Wilson : You, for trying to manipulate House when you used to know better,
Wilson : and you, for being you,
Wilson : which is an especially bad idea under the circumstances.
House : I had good reasons.
Wilson : You had lame rationalizations.
Cuddy : If I hadn't played him, he'd have found out about the meeting
Cuddy : and crashed it anyway.
UNK: Yeah, it would've been a lot more efficient.
UNK: Enough! Okay, here's what's gonna happen.
Wilson : Tomorrow, I drive both of you to Arlene's.
Wilson : You're gonna write her a personal check for $30,000,
Wilson : and tell her she can stay in her own home with your blessing.
Wilson : You're gonna do this because you actually give a crap about your job