UNK: House.
UNK: Ex-not-mom-in-law.
Cuddy : You said you weren't coming. After you said,
UNK: "Pretty please, with sugar on top?"
House : Problem is, we only give store credit.
House : So I say we put your old, cracked, poisonous hip back in,
House : here and now.
House : I saved your life, happy to un-save it.
UNK: He's being an ass.
Cuddy : If I could join you in suing him...
House : She's like this in bed, too.
House : Always scheming to get the lawyers out of the room.
UNK: Arlene she Gets Up And Leaves : If House isn't going to take this seriously,
UNK: Arlene she Gets Up And Leaves : I know a few judges who will.
House : Was I supposed to be the good cop?
Foreman : I had to rig the monitor.
Foreman : I had a lot of salt with breakfast.
Foreman : You think I'm repressed, too?
Taub : I think you're in danger of being dissolved by your own stomach acids.
UNK: But what about Chase?
UNK: Do you believe that nonsense about him being celibate?
Taub : Don't know, but I'm rooting for him. Read the studies.
Taub : The fewer partners you have,
Taub : the happier you are with your ultimate partner.
UNK: Hmm.
Foreman : Then you're gonna be miserable.
Taub : Those studies, it's important that they have a control group.
Taub : There's the tumor on his pancreas.
UNK: There's one in his kidney, and one in his colon.
Taub : One looks avascular, one looks vascular,
Taub : the third looks calcified.
Foreman : He has three completely different cancers at once.
Taub : On average, not so lucky after all.
Wilson : You had to go all Wile E. Coyote on her.
House : You told me that Arlene wanted me in the middle of it.
House : I had to show her that no good would come of that.
Wilson : Seriously, that's your rationalization?
Wilson : How about, you didn't like that Cuddy tricked you
Wilson : even though you wanted the same thing as her?
Wilson : You didn't like that she got the best of you.
Wilson : You've got more anger toward her than you realize.
House : I'm happier without her.
UNK: So I'm not stupidly expecting her to make me happy.
House : I'm happier with my unhappiness.
Wilson : Do you listen to what you're saying? Because I have to.
Wilson : I'm holding a summit meeting to force you and Cuddy on to the same page
Wilson : before a lawsuit gets filed.
Foreman : Three completely unrelated cancers at once.
UNK: A multicancer syndrome, von Hippel-Lindau?
Chase : Wouldn't have touched his colon.
Chase : I hereby certify that Dr. Foreman has not tampered
Chase : with this blood pressure mechanism in any way.
Foreman : And after I prove I'm 100% stress-free,
Foreman : do I get to strap you into a chastity belt?
Thirteen : What if the patient's missing a tumor suppressor gene?
Foreman : How would we even find it? We need to blast him with chemo now.
Chase : We can't give the patient chemo.
Chase : His platelet count's through the floor.
House : Even worse, it'll contain his cancers.
UNK: If we wanna know what they've in common,
UNK: we've gotta see where they spread next.
UNK: You wanna wait six months while the cancer spreads
Thirteen : and his seizures and paralysis get worse?
UNK: Now, that's crazy talk.
UNK: But if we pump the patient full of vascular endothelial growth factor...
Chase : Foreman doesn't like that idea.
UNK: Foreman taking Deep Breaths, Trying To Calm Down, Speaking Slowly : You want to grow more and bigger cancers.
House : We can't figure out what three small ones have in common,
UNK: maybe we can figure out what eight big ones have in common.
UNK: Foreman glances At The Monitor, His Pressure Is Climbing : Is this idea real,
UNK: Foreman glances At The Monitor, His Pressure Is Climbing : or are you just threatening to kill the patient to screw with me?
UNK: Foreman glances At The Monitor, His Pressure Is Climbing : This whole thing is idiotic!
UNK: Foreman glances At The Monitor, His Pressure Is Climbing : What does it matter what's inside of me if I know how to control it?
Thirteen : Makes no difference to us, but you may want to make out a will.