Beckett : What ledger?
Castle : It's literally hundreds of women that Bailey slept with.
Beckett : Or so he claims.
UNK: It seems legit to me. Most of these shots are pretty racy.
Castle : All with nicknames and dates.
UNK: "June 9th, 2010. Carnal Carrie."
UNK: "June 12, 2010. Mesmerizing Marjan."
UNK: Oh, sorry.
Beckett : Is there a Lisa in the re from two days ago?
Castle : No. The last entry was over a month ago.
Castle : So Pablo was right, she didn't make it in.
UNK: SIGHS We gotta find Lisa. She could be our other woman.
Ryan : Hey. So our friends Max and Pablo just alibied out.
Ryan : They were both at work when Mike was poisoned.
UNK: CHUCKLES Limber Lucy. And, boy, is she ever.
UNK: Max Landon : I don't know what this dude Bailey was into,
UNK: but whatever it is, he had it going on.
Ryan : Really? This impresses you?
Ryan : These women are pathetic for falling for this guy.
Beckett : And Bailey? Bailey was just a con man and a liar.
Ryan : Thank you. At least there is one real man amongst us.
Beckett : Ryan, why don't you take The Situation down to the Magic Bottle
UNK: and see if you can get an ID on Lisa.
Beckett : And find out why Bailey migh have been targeting her.
Castle : Beckett, when exactly did Ryan and Jenny start dating?
Beckett : I think it was around 2009.
Beckett : She got him that ugly tie for their two-week anniversary.
UNK: So, I think Easter, April.
Castle : Meaning, by May 2009, they had been dating a month?
Beckett : Yeah. Why?
Castle : Bailey's May 20, 2009 entry.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh. That's Jenny.
Castle : Not just Jenny. Gyrating Jenny.
BARRY : Yeah, I recognize him.
UNK: In here with a couple friends two nights ago.
Ryan : Those friends told us that he left with a woman.
Ryan : Lisa. Do you know her?
BARRY : Yeah, she's a regular.
Beckett : Does she have a last name?
Bartender : Give me a sec.
Esposito : I think I like this place, partner.
Ryan : Dude, you're a cop. This is a Midtown bar.
Ryan : Women here are looking for lawyers and bankers.
Esposito : I bank. SCOFFS
Ryan : Well, you are on your own. I'm getting married on Sunday.
Esposito : Exactly. So this is your last chance to be my wingman.
UNK: Help me get a plus-one.
UNK: I think I'm gonna try an M-Swig.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
Ryan : Dude, you can't be serious.
Esposito : What are you thinking? Butter Job?
Bartender : I checked credit card slips from the other night.
Bartender : Her name's Lisa Hill.
Bartender : Lisa Hill.
Beckett : So not only is Lisa Hill married, she is also an heiress.
Beckett : Daughter to Stephanie Dashby.
Castle : Of Dashby Publishing?