UNK: end up dating all these gorgeous women?
Beckett : By lying to them.
Esposito : Actually, he wasn't lying to these women,
Esposito : at least not about who he was anyway.
Esposito : They all knew him by his real name.
Castle : Then why would he tell Holly that he was Jake from Chicago?
Beckett : Was Bailey with any of those women between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 yesterday?
Esposito : So far, no.
Esposito : But they all deny knowing that he was even in the city.
Esposito : A month ago, he told every one of them he was going to Europe for six weeks.
Castle : A month ago? So why'd he come back early?
Esposito : He never went. And as far as I can tell from his credit card use,
Esposito : he never even left New York.
Beckett : So why tell them that he was leaving?
Beckett : I mean, was that just a cowardly way of breaking up with them?
ESPOSITO : I think there's something else going on.
Esposito : I called the personnel department at Global 12 Consolidated,
UNK: and they said that he's been on leave of absence for the last month.
CASTLE : That's a big month.
Castle : Taking a leave from work and your girlfriends.
RYAN : And his apartment.
Ryan : Doorman at Bailey's building said that for the past month,
Ryan : he's only spent a couple of nights a week there.
Ryan : Past month?
Ryan : Yeah, he wasn't there at all yesterday, so that's not where he was poisoned.
Ryan : And I looked in his dresser, and I found this.
Ryan : Illinois driver's license.
UNK: "Jake Hendricks, Chicago." That's the name that he gave Holly.
Castle : So, he is Jake Hendricks?
Ryan : No, he's Mike Bailey. That's a fake.
Castle : He did not buy this on some street corner. This is government grade.
RYAN : Yeah, right down to the security hologram.
Ryan : It's like he was living undercover. And I found this.
Esposito : That's a lot of cake.
UNK: Why do you have to call it "cake"? It's money.
Ryan : A lot of money, it's about 60 grand.
UNK: Cash, fake ID.
Beckett : What the hell was Bailey into?
UNK: Something bigger than lying about who he was just to get laid.
Castle : Jake Hendricks has fake web-search hits.
Castle : Lives in Chicago, works for the family business.
Esposito : Just like he told Holly Franklin. CASTLE : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Family business has a fake web site.
Beckett : That's a pretty deep cover.
Castle : Yeah, our Don Juan is starting to look more like Jason Bourne.
Beckett : All right, you guys get a hold of FBI and CIA
UNK: and any other intelligence agency, see if he's one of theirs.
UNK: Come on, Castle, let's talk to Bailey's boss at Global 12 Consolidated.
Beckett : Find out why our vic took that leave of absence.
UNK: Mr. Harris : We still need the estimates on Thorium in India.
UNK: And I would appreciate... WOMAN : Excuse me, Mr. Harris?
UNK: Harris's Secretary : Those detectives are here for you.
Harris : You guys mind if we take a few minutes?
UNK: Ron Hill : No problem. We're still working up the financing terms
UNK: Ron Hill : on subordinated debt anyway.
UNK: Amy Kemp : Sure, it's not like these negotiations are going anywhere.
Harris : Mike was a junior analyst in our acquisition department.
Harris : He was a good kid. Bright future.
Beckett : I understand that he took a leave of absence a month ago.
Beckett : Did he give you a reason why?
Harris : Personal issues.
Harris : He didn't say why but I could tell it was serious.
Castle : So, you have no idea why he would have a fake ID and $60,000 cash?
UNK: No.