Holly : I didn't kill him, I was falling in love with him.
Beckett : Well, he fell pretty hard, too.
Beckett : So, how long were the two of you dating?
UNK: STAMMERING Well, we actually just met tonight,
Holly : at Wilmer's Bar, at around 7 : 00.
UNK: Tonight?
Beckett : And you were already falling in love with him?
Holly : Look, I know it sounds crazy,
Holly : but it felt like one of those magical connections
Holly : that you read about, you know?
UNK: After we, you know,
Holly : he started to get dizzy and sweaty.
Holly : So he opened up a window to get some fresh air,
Holly : and he was leaning against the windowsill
Holly : when, suddenly,
Ryan : he just...
Beckett : Okay. So, you're saying that he fell out the window,
Beckett : and your first instinct wasn't to call 911, but to run away?
Holly : I knew how it would look.
Holly : But I panicked and I made a really bad decision.
Holly : But I swear it was an accident.
Lanie : It was not an accident.
Castle : You can tell he was pushed? I didn't say he was pushed.
Lanie : Michael Bailey was poisoned with a lethal dose of Colchicine.
Lanie : He was dead before he hit the fruit.
UNK: Colchicine? Isn't that a drug for rheumatism?
Lanie : Yes. Which Bailey does not have.
UNK: But he had 50 times the normal dosage in his system.
UNK: I'm putting time of ingestio between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Which is 45 minutes before Holly said she met him at Wilmer's Bar.
Beckett : Any idea how that drug was delivered?
Lanie : It was in something he drank.
UNK: I found lots of whey-prote isolate in his stomach.
Lanie : Along with chocolate.
Castle : So a chocolate protein shake?
Lanie : It'd be sweet enough to mask the taste of the drug.
Castle : Speaking of sweet, who's your date for Ryan's wedding?
Castle : Took a shot.
Beckett : All right, thanks, Lanie.
Lanie : One more thing.
Lanie : I ran a DNA test just to confirm that Superman here had sex before dying.
UNK: That's okay, our suspect... Let me finish.
Lanie : The test shows he had sex all right.
UNK: With two different women, within hours of his death.
Castle : You dog.
Beckett : Ms. Franklin,
Ryan : it seems that you weren't the only woman that
UNK: Mr. Bailey was "with" in the hours prior to his death.