Beckett : Which puts her in Forbes top 400.
Castle : Bailey was hunting big game.
Castle : He knew he couldn't close the deal as a junior analyst.
Castle : That's why he used the alias with her.
Castle : Same way he used it with big-shot lawyer Holly Franklin.
Beckett : Yeah, well, according to her maid,
UNK: Lisa Hill packed up and left her apartment
UNK: for her house in Montauk at 6 : 30 p.m.
Castle : Half an hour after our kill zone.
Beckett : Plus, she also had easy access to our poison.
Beckett : Her sister owns a drug company that manufactures it.
Castle : This is about the money.
UNK: Bailey only used the "Jake" identity with Holly and Lisa They're both rich.
Beckett : So, what are you thinking? An extortion plot?
Castle : Bricks of cash, probably from previous successes.
Beckett : He targets wealthy women,
Beckett : tries to put them in compromising situations...
Castle : And then makes them pay their way out.
Beckett : Except Lisa Hill wouldn't pay.
Castle : We need to get her in here.
Beckett : And we will, first thing in the morning.
Castle : So what are we going to do?
Beckett : About what?
Castle : We have to tell Ryan about Jenny.
Beckett : What? Why?
Beckett : Castle, if we were getting married,
Beckett : would you want to know about all the guys that I've slept with?
UNK: All?
UNK: Seriously?
Beckett : You sign women's chests at book readings.
Beckett : You cannot be shocked that I'm not a virgin.
Castle : It's just the word "all" suggests a lot.
Castle : How many are we talking, exactly?
Beckett : Are you really asking for my number?
Castle : You show me yours, I'll show you mine.
UNK: Men.
Beckett : You all want to know, but you don't want to know.
Beckett : Listen, every woman has her secrets, including Jenny.
Beckett : And sometimes, for the sake of a relationship,
Beckett : it is better not to share.
Castle : Wow. That is some dress.
Martha : Isn't she stunning?
Alexis : After striking out all day, we finally tried JDF's on Madison.
Martha : And boy, did we score.
UNK: LAUGHING
Castle : That sounds like it's about more than just a dress.
Martha : Well, not only did Alexis find this exquisite little number,
Martha : we were completely charmed by the proprietor,
UNK: John Danton Farnesworth.
UNK: J-D-F.
Alexis : So as we're paying, Mr. Farnesworth is about to close up,
Alexis : when his grandson, John Danton Farnesworth III,
Alexis : picked him up for dinner.
Alexis : Goes by J.D. So cute.
Martha : Oh, he is a lovely young man. Freshman at Columbia.
UNK: Which I'm applying to, so, of course, I grilled him about it.
UNK: And the next thing you kno they invite us to join them for dinner.
UNK: So who was the wingman? The grandpa or the kid?
Martha : The what? Dad, they were total gentlemen.
Alexis : They even invited us to their family's annual charity event.
Alexis : A private concert with Lady Gaga. Oh!
Alexis : But it's the same time as the wedding. Oh.
Alexis : I know I promised, and of course, I'll go if you want me to,
UNK: it's just this is the first time I've felt this way since Ashley, and...
Castle : You don't have to go to the wedding.
Castle : You are released from your plus-one duties.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad.
Castle : Which I guess means you don't need this dress.
MARTHA : Don't be silly, darling.
UNK: It is a black-tie benefit. Yeah.
Martha : And after dinner, John opened the shop
Martha : and I got one, too.
UNK: So it's a win-win.
Esposito : I can't believe you bailed on me.
UNK: We were there till 2 : 30 in the morning.
UNK: Yeah, and I was five minutes from sealing the deal with my plus-one.
Ryan : You really think after standing the re for three hours,
UNK: another five minutes of me standing there would have made any difference?
UNK: Yeah. She was into me.
UNK: She said that she thought that solving murders was "cute."
Esposito : You didn't have to tell her friend you were engaged.
UNK: Oh, no, you're right, I coul have totally just lied to he and hooked up with her.
Ryan : And do you have to be such a cliche,
Ryan : stuffing your face with that thing?
Esposito : Hey, don't touch my donut.
UNK: BOTH GRUNTING
Castle : Hey, hey, hey! Break it up!
UNK: Guys, what the hell is going on?
Esposito : Talk to Hunger Strike over here. He was flaunting that donut!
Esposito : I was eating it.
BECKETT : Ryan, you okay?
UNK: Cleanse for nine days? Don't you think it's time to let it go?
UNK: No, no. I... I'm fine. I'm sorry, everybody. Sorry, bro.
Esposito : So, any luck finding Lisa Hill?
Beckett : Yeah, we tracked her down at a spa in Montauk.
Castle : Yeah, she's going from mud wrap to murder rap.
UNK: Exfoliation to interrogation.
Castle : Manicure to manacles.
Castle : Shiatsu to...
UNK: Shiatsu.
Beckett : Unis are on their way to pick her up now.
Beckett : Do you recognize him, Ms. Hill?
UNK: Lisa Hill : Yes. It's Jake.
Beckett : Yes, Jake Hendricks.
Beckett : Or so you thought, until you found out his real name was Michael Bailey.
Beckett : He was trying to blackmail you. Isn't that right?
UNK: Blackmail? I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : I think you do.
Beckett : You realized that you had been played,
Beckett : and you decided to take your revenge.
Beckett : Your sister ow ns a drug company.
Beckett : She must have given you the Colchicine
Beckett : you used to poison him, didn't she?
Lisa : No, look, I didn't get revenge
UNK: because I never knew what he was up to.
Lisa : But he was up to something.
UNK: I should've realized when he was hitting on me so hard at the bar.
Lisa : But he was cute, and my husband is more interested in work
Lisa : than actually living.
Lisa : So I brought him home and it was nice.
Lisa : But then I came out of the bathroom and caught him on the computer.
Lisa : I figured he was trying to steal credit cards, banking info,
Lisa : so I kicked his ass out.
Holly : But I swear, that was the last time I saw him.
Pablo : Oh, yeah,