Amy : I'm pretty sure it's the insignia from El Al Airlines.
ESPOSITO : Name's Colette Roth.
Esposito : She's 27, she's been an El Al flight attendant for three years,
UNK: making the Tel Aviv-JFK run twice a week.
Ryan : Intel agencies used to use flight attendants as spies, didn't they?
Esposito : Yeah, and get this, she's former Israeli military.
Ryan : Mossad is famo us for poisoning.
Esposito : Yeah, big time. Castle may not be that far off
Esposito : with his Jason Bourne theory. CELL PHONE BEEPING
Esposito : Uniforms are tracking her down now.
UNK: Ah! Jenny just texted me Lanie's plus-one.
Ryan : Name is Toby Lang.
UNK: SCOFFING What? Toby...
Esposito : All right, let's check this punk out.
UNK: Dr. Toby Lang?
UNK: Guy's a chief administrator at St. Samuel's Hospital.
Esposito : Big job.
Ryan : Lanie did her residency there, didn't she?
UNK: Yeah. Good-looking guy.
ESPOSITO : Played college hoops at Kentucky.
UNK: "Ground-breaking cancer researcher"? Are you kidding me?
Esposito : Put me down for a plus-one!
Ryan : Jenny already did the tables.
Ryan : What about her sorority sisters?
UNK: Dude, I am not showing up solo
Esposito : when she's bringing Captain America over here.
Ryan : Okay. I'll talk to Jenny. PHONE RINGING
UNK: But her mom's gonna need a name for that place card.
UNK: Esposito.
Esposito : Copy that.
Esposito : Colette Roth just checked in for a flight at JFK.
Esposito : Unis are picking her up now. All right.
UNK: I'm not a spy. I'm a flight attendant.
Beckett : Well, then maybe you can explain your relationship with Michael Bailey?
UNK: We were soulmates.
UNK: Oh, then I'm sure you'll be able to tell us
Castle : where the two of you were yesterday
Castle : between the hours of 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 p.m.?
Colette : I was outside his apartment waiting for him.
Colette : But he never came.
Beckett : You had a very busy day yesterday.
Beckett : You were seen trying to break into his office just hours before that.
Colette : I was hoping to find some kind of clue.
Colette : Something that might lead me to his enemies.
Colette : His enemies?
Colette : Michael was a hunted man.
Beckett : Hunted by who?
Ryan : I don't know.
Colette : I just know he was in trouble.
Colette : Four weeks ago, he said he was going to Europe,
Colette : but I kept seeing him in the city.
Colette : And he kept pretending not to notice me,
Colette : so I staked out his apartment.
Castle : So you stalked him?
Colette : Staked, stalked, what's the difference?
Colette : I was looking out for him. But he wasn't coming home.
Colette : Then a few days ago, I finally confronted him.
Colette : He said he couldn't talk,