UNK: And we still have no idea where he was poisoned.
Beckett : Any luck?
Beckett : No, there's too big a pool of possible marks
Beckett : that Bailey could have slept with.
UNK: Yeah, speaking of that...
Holly : You know,
Esposito : Ryan's my boy.
Esposito : So I gotta tell him about Jenny and Bailey.
Castle : You only told me I couldn't tell Ryan.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Look, Espo, I appreciate your point of view,
Beckett : but the guy hasn't eaten in a week and a half.
UNK: And after the donut incident, I don't...
Ryan : I'll just take the se back to my desk.
Esposito : Sit down, bro.
Ryan : What? What?
UNK: Why you guys look so serious?
UNK: You should eat something.
Beckett : Yeah. You look hungry.
Beckett : You've got the posture of a feral cat.
Ryan : Guys, I made a sacred vow to the woman I love.
UNK: Is that Moo shu pork? ESPOSITO : Yes.
Esposito : It is delicious.
UNK: Come on, bro. Just eat.
UNK: Mmm!
Ryan : You're not kidding about this Moo shu pork. Come on!
UNK: Right?
UNK: Pass the spring rolls, please? Yeah.
UNK: So, you know how we all love Jenny, right?
Ryan : Yeah. What about her?
Esposito : It's just that, that ledger of Bailey's...
Ryan : Hey, is she in that? I've been meaning to ask,
Ryan : but I have been having these memory lapses.
UNK: Mmm. Pass the fried rice Yeah?
Castle : So you've known all along?
UNK: No, I was telling Jenny about Javi's antics last night,
Ryan : and we got to talking about the case.
UNK: She told me that she met Bailey at a bar a month or so after we started up.
Esposito : She told you about that?
UNK: Yeah. She had no idea that he was some kind of professional pickup artist.
Castle : And you're not upset at all?
UNK: Um...
UNK: Amy Kemp : It's not like we were exclusive.
Ryan : Is that Mongolian beef?
UNK: Office Di : Here you go.
Ryan : Thanks, Di.
UNK: Oh!
Esposito : Get this. So, I've been trying to figure out
UNK: where else Bailey might have been staying for the past month,
Ryan : and when we got on to his corporate spying
UNK: for Global 12 Consolidated,
Ryan : I looked into their corporate housing.
UNK: That's a great idea.
Castle : Yeah, why didn't I think of that?
Ryan : Turns out Mike Bailey has been checked into The Oaks on Park Avenue
Ryan : for the last month under his alias "Jake Hendricks."
Beckett : What are you sitting around for?
Ryan : Do you mind if I take a spare rib?
UNK: Oaks Manager : You're welcome to look,
UNK: but we got the call yesterday Mr. Hendricks wasn't coming back.
Esposito : What did you do with all his stuff?
UNK: Oaks Manager : Per his company's instructions,
UNK: Oaks Manager : we gave his clothes and personal belongings to Goodwill.
UNK: Oaks Manager : And the place has been scrubbed, bedding laundered.
Ryan : Hey, Javier. Check this out.
Ryan : Chocolate Blast.
Ryan : It's a protein shake. Made with whey-protein isolate.
Esposito : You always stock this drink?
UNK: Oaks Manager : Yeah. It's all standard.
Ryan : It's exactly what Lanie said that Bailey had in his system
Ryan : that delivered the Colchicine.
Ryan : This is where he was poisoned, bro.
BECKETT : Looks like we found the murder weapon.
Beckett : Lanie says that the chocolate shake from The Oaks
Beckett : is a perfect match for the contents of Bailey's stomach.
Beckett : It's what delivered the lethal dose of Colchicine.
Esposito : Yo. So the doorman at The Oaks confirms that Bailey was there
Esposito : during the whole poison time window.
Esposito : He asked not to be disturbed.
CASTLE : Yeah, I bet.
Castle : Because sexpionage can be so much more demanding than espionage.