Colette : but he told me to meet him the next day, and he'd explain everything.
Beckett : Let me guess. That was the last time you saw him.
Colette : No. We met the next day.
Colette : But before he could tell me what was going on,
Colette : this car came out of nowhere. And they were on us.
UNK: Who? Ruffians, in ski masks.
Colette : They grabbed him and threw him in the back.
Colette : I fought with all of my strength, but it was in vain.
UNK: I bet you did.
Castle : Did you report this?
Colette : No, they said they'd kill him if I did.
Colette : That's why I was trying to find him the next day,
Colette : to see if they'd let him go.
Colette : But they killed him. The ruffians killed him.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. And where did this all happen?
Colette : On the street. For all to see.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Corner of Washington and Greenwich. ATM cam.
Ryan : This is where Colette said the abduction went down,
Ryan : but I've been over it, and there's nothing.
Beckett : All right. Unless you guys are enjoying the Warhol-esque quality of this,
Beckett : we can just shut it down.
UNK: I'm going to go and check on Esposito, see where he's at with Colette's alibi.
UNK: Wait. There's Bailey.
RYAN : And here comes Colette.
BECKETT : Seriously?
UNK: Whoa.
Colette : Ruffians in ski masks.
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Ryan : Oh! Looks like Colette just broke that ruffian's nose.
UNK: The fake ID, bricks of cash, brazen abduction...
UNK: CHUCKLING He really was Jason Bourne!
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Castle : Can't you see it? Bailey is in covert ops.
Castle : They placed him at a giant multinational company,
UNK: Global 12 Consolidated, as a cover.
Castle : Then, a month ago, they activate him.
Castle : They give him an alias, you know, back story.
Castle : They give him unlimited walking-around money.
Castle : And then somehow the enemy gets to him.
Castle : They grab him off the street.
Castle : He manages to escape, so they exploit his Achilles' heel,
Castle : his love of beautiful women.
Castle : They send in a sup er sexy secret agent,
UNK: she seduces him and th en kills him by feeding him a poison protein shake.
Beckett : I can't think of anything better.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Okay. Thank you.
Beckett : The CIA, the FBI, and the DHS have never heard of Bailey or his alias.
Castle : Do you really think they'd tell you if they did?
Ryan : Hey, Tech just got the plate number o ff the kidnappers' car.
UNK: I thought the plates weren't visible on the ATM footage.
Ryan : They weren't. But I found a traffic cam the block where they were.
UNK: Car's registered to a Pablo Barnes, 28, insurance salesman.
Castle : That's probably a cover, too.
Beckett : Did you get an address?
Ryan : Sure did.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
Beckett : Where's Espo?
Ryan : In the break room, trying to score his plus-one.
Beckett : Espo, let's go.
UNK: SCREAMS Oh!
UNK: Sorry. I gotta go. I gotta go.
Esposito : I was this close to getting my plus-one.
Castle : Hey, relax, man. It happens to a lot of guys.
Castle : Get a little excited. Lose control of your steamer.
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands right now!
UNK: Don't shoot, don't shoot! ALL SHOUTING
Esposito : Don't move!
Woman : What the hell, Pablo?
Ryan : Pablo Barnes? Yeah, please don't shoot.
UNK: Max Landon : I don't know what you're doing here, but we didn't do anything.
Ryan : Broken nose. Other masked man.
Beckett : Espo, get him, too.
ESPOSITO : Turn around!
MAX : All right, seriously, I don't know why... You guys have the wrong...
UNK: GROANING
Max : Does it have to be that tight? It's very tight... Ow!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Hey, Bolero.
Castle : Just like in the hotel.
Pablo : See, I told you we were badass. Ah!
BECKETT : That's your car, Pablo.
Beckett : What were you and Bailey up to? And why did you kill him?
UNK: Wait. Are you telling me Mike's dead?
Beckett : Cut the act, Pablo. We know you kidnapped him two days ago. Why?
UNK: No, no. It's not what it looks like. It's an exstalktion.
UNK: Ex-stalk-what?
UNK: Mike's our buddy.
Max : He got involved with this crazy stalker chick, Colette something.
UNK: So we staged the abduction to scare her off.
Max : We call it an exstalktion.
Ryan : Are you saying Bailey was in on it?
Max : Yeah. The three of us are a crew.
Beckett : What kind of crew?
Castle : Special forces? Private military contractors?
Pablo : We're pickup artists.
UNK: As in picking up women? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You?
Max : We dedicate our lives to picking up as many hot women as possible.
Ryan : That would explain all of Bailey's women.
UNK: And those girls at the apartment were pretty hot.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah.
UNK: That music that was playin is that part of your seduction strategy?
Pablo : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Boleroincreases the chance of closing the deal by 12%.
UNK: Okay, assuming that you are telling the truth,
Beckett : you were with Mike the night before he was killed.
Beckett : Did he tell you what he was up to?
Pablo : Nah, he was being all secretive.
Pablo : I mean, he stopped hanging out with us, like, a month ago.
Castle : Really, a month?
Pablo : Yeah, when he called about the exstalktion a couple of days ago,
UNK: that was the first time we've heard from him since then.
Max : So when he said he was going out after the exstalktion,
UNK: naturally, we followed him.
Esposito : Where'd he go?
Max : Went to this totally lame bar, The Magic Bottle.
Beckett : I mean, not target-rich at all.
Pablo : And when he found us there, he kind of freaked.
Pablo : But he agreed to let us stay and be his wingmen,
UNK: but only if we referred to him as "Jake."
Pablo : Like he was undercover.
Castle : Jake. That's the same identity he gave to Holly Franklin the next day.
Max : So we do our usual couple laps of recon.
UNK: There are actually some decent MILFs.
PABLO : And I think Mike's just expanding his palette, right?
Pablo : But he wasn't interested in any of them.
Max : No. Instead, he finds this one mark,
Max : ugh, nothing special, and plants his flag.
Pablo : Then I see that she's got a ring on her finger.
Pablo : She's a married chick. We stay away from married chicks.
Beckett : 'Cause you're so ethical?
UNK: SCOFFS No. They're just trouble.
Max : But he doesn't care. He's all in on her.
Castle : So you think he went to this bar for th is particular woman?
Castle : Like he was targeting her? Exactly.
Beckett : Did he say why?
Max : No. But he was working her like his life depended on it.
Max : I mean, it was like he was on a mission.
Ryan : Did she go for him?
UNK: No, total red light. IMITATES ALARM
UNK: Gate's down, train's coming. Time to move on.
Pablo : But not Mike. Not on this night.
UNK: So what did he do?
Max : He counters with some Authorizing.
Esposito : Authorizing, huh?
UNK: Making it seem like the last thing on his mind is hooking up.
Max : He just finds her interesting and wants to talk.
Pablo : But she doesn't bite. So he tries an M-Swig.
Pablo : Tells her he knows this girl who's cheating on his friend,
Pablo : should he tell his friend?
MAX : 'Cause women love to give advice.
Max : But she's still giving him the Heisman, so he tries a Butter Job.
Max : A butter job? What's that?
Max : It's when you flirt with the mark's friend.
PABLO : And that's when he started getting traction.
Pablo : Immediately follows with a Yank And Chain Reversal,
Pablo : sees he's got her on the hook...
MAX : So he goes right for the Bailey Ultimatum.
Max : Boom! Signature move.
Max : Says he has to leave,
Max : forcing the mark to make a quick decision whether to go with you or not.
UNK: And what'd she do?
Pablo : Next thing you know, two of them are walking on their way out of there.
Pablo : You know, you have some beautiful eyes.
UNK: Seriously?
Pablo : What? It's a numbers game. I strike out 90% of the time.
UNK: That's restoring my faith in my gender.
Beckett : So this mark that he was working, does she have a name?
UNK: Lisa.
Pablo : The greatest pickup I have ever seen.
UNK: It's a damn shame she'll never make it into Mike's ledger.