UNK: So, if the sorority girls don't work out, I'll dance with you.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Esposito.
Ryan : Castle. Jenny tells me that you RSVP'd plus-one.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : You're bringing a date? I am.
UNK: Who? Oh!
Castle : Well, she's beautiful, she's intelligent, she's funny.
Castle : The way she smiles at me sometimes just melts my heart.
Castle : It's Alexis.
Esposito : Guys, we got a fresh one.
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, we got a jumper?
Lanie : Judging by the impact,
Lanie : I'd say he came from one of those windows above the seventh floor.
UNK: Ryan and Esposito are already into finding the room with the hotel staff.
UNK: So. He's naked.
UNK: Perceptive.
Castle : It is pretty cold out. If this was a suicide,
Castle : wouldn't you rather be warm and toasty
Castle : on your way down to your certain, yet citrusy death?
Lanie : If it were suicide, would you really have these?
Lanie : Fingernail marks. Only an hour old.
Beckett : Looks like he did the deed before taking the dive.
Castle : Last item on your bucket list? ESPOSITO : Yo.
Esposito : Two hotel clerks saw a white lady with long, red hair hurrying out
UNK: shortly after Birthday Suit hit the fruit.
Beckett : All right, see if you can get a better description from those clerks
Beckett : and let's set up a canvass.
Beckett : We gotta find that woman.
UNK: Antonio, can you refrigerate these samples in the van, please?
Esposito : Is this the guy? Hmm?
UNK: Mr. Plus-one?
RYAN : Hey, Beckett!
Ryan : Found the room! Eighth floor!
UNK: Okay!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Music to set the mood by?
Beckett : Yeah. And then there's the lipstick on the pillow.
Castle : Looks like Lanie was right about our victim getting lucky
Castle : before he ran out of luck.
Ryan : So, our vic's name is Michael Bailey.
UNK: Twenty-eight. Lives on West 93rd Street.
Ryan : According to h is business card,
Ryan : he's a junior analyst at Global 12 Consolidated in Midtown.
Beckett : Who booked the room?
UNK: Booked under "Jane Eyre." Paid with cash, no credit card on file.
Castle : Suggests premeditation.
Castle : She knew she was going to kill him, so she booked the room anonymously.
Beckett : Yeah, but then why sleep with him? Why not just push him out the window?
UNK: Because she's a black widow.
UNK: MUSIC STOPS
UNK: Coldest-hearted creature on Earth.
Castle : She lures an unsuspecting male, takes him into her web,
Castle : and then, the moment they culminate,
Castle : as soon as he feels the ecstasy of achieving his biological destiny,
Castle : she opens up her jaws and eats him alive.
Ryan : I'm glad I'm in a healthy relationship.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I bet male black widow spiders think they're in healthy relationships, too.
Beckett : Well, black widow or not,
Beckett : I think I figured out how we can find her.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: Holly Franklin : Do you have any idea who I am?
UNK: Holly Franklin : I'm a founding partner of Keller, Braun and Franklin.
UNK: Holly Franklin : I'm Franklin!
UNK: Okay, well, I don't ca re about your law firm.
Beckett : A man fell to his death tonight,
Beckett : and fingerprints confirm that you were at the crime scene.
Holly : No, I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : Okay, maybe you can tell me why people saw you
Beckett : fleeing the crime scene?
Beckett : Ms. Franklin, evidence suggests that you and Michael...
UNK: Michael? ...Bailey were romantically involved.
Holly : Michael who?
Beckett : This man.
Holly : No, that's not Michael. That's Jake. That's Jake Hendricks.
Beckett : No. That's Michael Bailey.
Holly : I think I would know who I was sleeping with.
Beckett : Well, apparently, you don't.
ESPOSITO : Do you think I should pull her phone records?
RYAN : No, what's the point?
Ryan : We already have her at the hotel with our victim.