Reggie : She called me for a ride from the emergency room.
Reggie : I asked her what happened but she wouldn't say.
Ryan : Wait, she was there as a patient?
Reggie : Yeah. She didn't look hurt, but she seemed pretty upset.
Beckett : Do you actually buy this whole "just friends" thing?
Castle : It's possible.
Beckett : Yeah, it's possible, but it's not probable.
Castle : I don't know. You and I were just friends for four years.
Beckett : Yeah, except you were trying to sleep with me that whole time.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : - What? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Excuse me, it was you that was trying to sleep with me.
Castle : Don't tell me you dress like that for Esposito.
Esposito : What's for me?
Castle : - Don't worry about it. - Nothing.
Esposito : Reggie's alibi is solid.
UNK: He was already at the X Bar buying shots for everyone
Esposito : when Mandy was killed.
Esposito : His wife confirms that they were all just friends.
UNK: In fact, she's the one who bought him that prepaid cell phone
Esposito : because his was hacked or something.
UNK: Okay, then touch base with the ER doctor
Beckett : that treated Mandy a couple of days ago.
Beckett : Whatever landed her in emergency
Beckett : might have caught up with her last night.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I found out who Mandy...
UNK: Yo. Are you wearing makeup?
Beckett : - No. - Really?
Esposito : Because an hour ago, you and I both had black eyes, and now you don't.
Ryan : No, this is not makeup. This is tinted moisturizer.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : Jenny just stopped by,
Ryan : she happened to have some in her purse
Ryan : and I figured since...
Ryan : Fine. Just judge all you want.
Ryan : So, I found out who Mandy was fighting with at her apartment the day she died.
Ryan : The store across the street from her building uses surveillance.
Ryan : There was no sign of Reggie, but I did see another familiar face.
Ryan : WHNY reporter Miles Haxton.
UNK: Miles Haxton : Yeah, that's me.
Castle : So what were you doing at her place?
Beckett : Mandy's neighbors overheard the two of you fighting. What was it about?
UNK: Uh...
Miles : Our relationship.
Beckett : - You were dating? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why didn't you tell us this before?
Miles : Because I couldn't take the chance that it would get out.
UNK: The reporter and the weather girl? No.
Miles : This station has a very strict policy about inter-office dating.
UNK: And even with what happened to Mandy,
UNK: Harvey still would've suspended me.
Beckett : How long had the two of you been seeing each other?
Miles : Couple months.
Castle : What went wrong?
Miles : Here's the thing about a secret workplace romance, okay?
Miles : In the beginning, you're on a high.
Miles : Every stolen moment feels like a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart.
Miles : You get butterflies on your way into work.
Miles : It's exciting and dangerous and the sex is amazing.
UNK: And then what?
UNK: And then it imploded.
UNK: We were never gonna keep up the secret.
Miles : We were already drowning in all the lies we had to tell.
Beckett : Did your co-workers ever find out?
Miles : Not yet.
UNK: But I had to stay out in front of it
Miles : to keep it from destroying both of our careers.
Miles : I mean, I still have a shot at a national desk.
Beckett : And Mandy didn't want it to end.
UNK: She could've threatened to tell Harvey.
Miles : What? No. No. Are you kidding?
UNK: No, Mandy didn't want this to get out any more than I did.
UNK: You're not gonna tell, are you?
UNK: Where were you last night at 10 : 28?
UNK: At a press party at the Ritz-Carlton for the launch of the Vega smartphone.
Castle : Did Mandy say anything to you about going to the ER a couple of days ago?
Miles : No, she didn't mention it.
Miles : But then again, she was acting pretty strange last week.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Miles : She wouldn't tell me, but I got the feeling
Miles : it was more than just us she was upset about.
Miles : There was something else that was bothering her.
UNK: Now, it looks like those makeup ladies were right about Mandy's affair.
Castle : They just had the wrong guy.
Beckett : Castle, what about the other stuff that they said,
Beckett : about how secret romances are impossible to keep hidden?
Beckett : I mean, you heard Miles. I don't want to drown in a sea of lies.
Castle : Well, if it's any comfort to you, I do know mouth-to-mouth.
Beckett : - Hey, Espo. - Yo.
Esposito : Found something weird.
Esposito : The ER doc that treated Mandy? Turns out it was for a severe asthma attack.
Beckett : Yeah, that's not weird. We know that Mandy had asthma.
UNK: It's why she couldn't go up in the station helicopter.
Esposito : Which brings me to the weird part.
Esposito : She arrived at the ER in the WHNY news chopper.
Esposito : She landed on the helipad and the pilot walked her inside.
Beckett : Okay. Thank you.
Castle : With her asthma,
Castle : what was she doing up there and why did no one know about it?
Beckett : There is one person that knew about it. The helicopter pilot.
Bodyguard : Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where you going, pretty boy?
UNK: It's 8 : 30. It's time for your segment with Kristina.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Gotta get you into makeup.
Jonathan : - Um... - Yeah, it's okay. I'll take care of it.
Castle : Okay. Don't solve the case without me.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Look, I wasn't supposed to, okay?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : But a few days ago,
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : she showed up with an envelope stuffed with a thousand bucks.