UNK: The note said, "If any of this gets out, I'll kill you."
Castle : What if Mandy found out what or who
Castle : was responsible for the styrene in the air?
Ryan : It's possible they had her killed.
Ryan : So based on the direction that Lenny traveled while Mandy took air samples,
UNK: they flew over eight factories, all near Conway Field.
UNK: And of the eight factories, only one produces styrene. Cazuli Carpeting.
Esposito : It's a chemical by-product of their manufacturing.
Esposito : And check out the bottom of one of their bills.
Esposito : Look familiar?
Beckett : Their logo has the same design that's on the death threat Mandy got.
Esposito : Yeah, and the owner of Cazuli Carpeting, George Cazuli,
Esposito : is no stranger to carrying out threats.
Esposito : Assault and battery, spousal abuse,
Esposito : and the attempted arson of one of his competitor's factories.
Castle : Well, then it all makes perfect sense.
Castle : A hotheaded factory owner is confronted by an idealistic weather girl
Castle : who accuses him of pumping poison into the air.
Beckett : And if her allegations went public, he'd face criminal charges,
UNK: his factory would shut down.
UNK: Only, Cazuli shuts her down instead.
UNK: Mr. Cazuli, have a seat.
UNK: I've seen enough episodes of Law & Order to know how this works.
UNK: You think you're gonna trick me into saying something that ain't true?
UNK: But tell you what.
UNK: I ain't saying another word till my lawyer gets here.
Beckett : Not a problem. Mr. Castle and I will just use that time
Beckett : to go through your file before your lawyer gets here.
Castle : Oh. Yeah. That'll be helpful.
UNK: - Thick file, huh? - Mmm.
Beckett : Okay, let's see.
UNK: Six months ago, Cazuli modified their carpet backing
UNK: to create a longer lasting product.
Castle : Who doesn't want longer-lasting carpet?
Beckett : Yes, but unfortunately,
Beckett : this process released a harmful chemical called styrene.
Beckett : Now that's normal in small doses,
UNK: but in the case of Cazuli's factory, they were way over the legal limit.
UNK: That's terrible. Did Mr. Cazuli know?
Beckett : You know, it's hard to imagine that he didn't, right?
UNK: Anyway, according to this, local weather girl Mandy Michaels
Beckett : made a connection between elevated levels of styrene
Beckett : and an increase in asthma cases.
UNK: This is not sounding good for Cazuli.
UNK: Yeah, I wonder if he was aware she was looking into this.
UNK: Matter of fact, a receptionist at Cazuli Carpeting went on record saying that
Beckett : Mandy showed up at the factory a few days ago,
Beckett : and I bet you she went there to confront Cazuli.
UNK: Cazuli had to know that the cost of shutting down production
Castle : to address the problem would have been sky-high.
UNK: You know what? That explains the threatening note that Mandy got.
UNK: "If any of this gets out, I will kill you"?
Castle : Hey, this matches exactly the Cazuli Carpeting stationery.
UNK: That's why she was at that park.
UNK: The Environmental Protection Agency's right around the corner.
UNK: You know what? You might be right about that.
Castle : When I called them, they confirmed that Mandy was on her way there
Castle : to drop something in the after-hours box.
UNK: I think Cazuli killed her to keep her from turning him in.
Cazoulli : All right, enough!
Cazoulli : This broad was sticking her nose into something
Cazoulli : that was none of her business.
Cazoulli : She shows up, she's all high, she's all mighty,
UNK: with her stupid-ass file of evidence.
Cazoulli : And I told her. I told her to scram. "Get out of here, beat it!
UNK: "And if I ever see your face around here, you're gonna regret it." I told her.
Cazoulli : She says to me, if I don't close everything down,
UNK: she's gonna expose us.
UNK: The frigging note?
Cazoulli : The note was to scare her away a little bit. Seemed to work, right?
Cazoulli : 'Cause I never heard from her again.
Cazoulli : Come on, give me a break. I thought this mess was over with.
UNK: Thank you, Mr. Cazuli.
Cazoulli : Oh, yeah? For what?
Beckett : For admitting to motive and to threatening Mandy.
UNK: What?
UNK: He's all yours, Counselor.
Cazoulli : Where you been?
UNK: Cazuli's lawyer's looking for a plea on the styrene violation.
Castle : - What about the murder rap? - Claims he's innocent.
UNK: Yeah, but unfortunately we got nothing
UNK: that places Cazuli there the night of the murder.
Beckett : Look, if we can't physically tie him to it, then all we have is speculation.
UNK: Without evidence, he's gonna walk.
UNK: Hey. Something you'll want to take a look at.
Ryan : Search warrant came through on Cazuli's office.
Ryan : We found the file that Mandy left with him.