UNK: - Hey, Reggie! - Whoo!
UNK: Make a hole, make a hole. Give him room!
UNK: Nice to see you, Reg.
UNK: Thanks, appreciate it.
UNK: Oh, good to see you, man.
Esposito : Let me take the lead.
Ryan : - Whatever. - What? I got more experience.
UNK: Yo, Javi, you mind if we call a time-out while we collar this guy? Huh?
Beckett : - Bye! - Take care, baby.
Esposito : Reggie. Reggie.
Bodyguard : Whoa, whoa, whoa, fellas. No autographs today.
Esposito : We're NYPD.
Bodyguard : I don't give a hobo's crap if you're CIA. No autographs.
Esposito : We're not here for autographs, we're here for Reggie.
Ryan : And you're obstructing our investigation.
Esposito : So move.
Esposito : That's what I thought.
Ryan : - Oh. Hell. - You're not taking Reggie anywhere.
Esposito : Get out of the way, man.
Castle : Shouldn't they be back by now?
Beckett : - Well, maybe they hit traffic. - Or each other.
Beckett : Either way, Reggie is going down.
Beckett : Unis canvassed Mandy's building
Beckett : and neighbors said that they heard her in a yelling match with a guy
Beckett : the day that she was killed.
Beckett : They said it sounded like a lover's quarrel.
Castle : Relationship goes bad, his marriage is threatened...
Beckett : So Reggie threatens her with the note. "If this gets out, I'll kill you."
Castle : She refuses to play ball, so Reggie does what he does best.
UNK: Starts shooting.
Esposito : Don't ask.
UNK: Reggie Blake : Look, man, I'm sorry. My security guys are protective.
UNK: Reggie Blake : We get a lot of nutbars hanging around the block.
Esposito : Apology not accepted. Now sit down.
Reggie : Look, I told you. I didn't have anything to do with her murder.
Ryan : And yet, we have witnesses that saw Mandy get into your car
Ryan : shortly before she was killed.
Ryan : We know about the affair, Reggie.
UNK: I can't imagine your wife would be too happy if she found out,
Ryan : so you made sure she didn't.
Reggie : What are you talking about, affair?
Reggie : Yeah, I knew Mandy. So did my wife.
Reggie : We were friends. That's all.
Esposito : You really expect us to believe that, Reggie?
Reggie : It's the truth. If you don't believe me, ask my wife.
Esposito : Oh, we will.
UNK: So, I imagine it was just a coincidence that you happened
Ryan : to be driving by the hospital right after Mandy's segment ended?
Reggie : No. We're both on the hospital charity board.
Reggie : I was stopping by the toy drive. I'm telling you, we were just friends.
UNK: There sure are a lot of phone calls to Mandy
Esposito : considering you are just friends.
UNK: Mandy and I, we both had a ticking clock on our careers.
Reggie : Her looks, my knees.
Reggie : It was nice to chat with somebody who understood.
Ryan : Okay, say you were just friends,
Ryan : why didn't she want her co-workers to find out about you?
Reggie : Because that's how rumors get started.
Reggie : I know what you're thinking.
Reggie : I'm a professional athlete, she's the blonde weather girl.
Reggie : But it wasn't like that. She wasn't like that.
Reggie : Those kids at City of Trust?
Reggie : To other celebs, they were just a photo op.
Reggie : Not to her. She cared.
Reggie : You should have seen her last week
Reggie : asking them questions, listening to their stories.
UNK: People think she's some kind of bimbo, but she wasn't.
Reggie : Anyway, I saw her hailing a cab, I offered her a ride.
Reggie : She asked to be dropped off at the park. That happened around 10 : 00.
UNK: Where were you at 10 : 28?
Reggie : I was across town at X Bar promoting my new shoe line.
Reggie : Check it.
Ryan : Mandy mention why she wanted to get dropped off at the park?
Reggie : No. She seemed nervous.
Reggie : Maybe it had something to do with what happened a couple of days ago.
UNK: What happened a couple of days ago?