Ryan : Now in her research is this picture of their smoke stack.
Castle : Looks like it was taken at street level.
UNK: Exactly. Now, take a look at the time stamp.
UNK: This picture was taken last Tuesday at 5 : 47 p.m.
UNK: Based on the position of the sun, Tech confirmed that the time was correct.
UNK: Meaning what?
UNK: Meaning unless Mandy could be at two places at once,
UNK: she couldn't have taken that photo. She was on air at 5 : 47.
Ryan : So who took the picture?
Castle : She had a partner.
UNK: Which is why Mandy told Cazuli they'd expose him.
Esposito : Well, if she had a partner, then why haven't they come forward?
UNK: Maybe they're afraid of Cazuli.
UNK: If we can find them, they might have some info on Cazuli that'll nail him.
UNK: You know what, why don't we order dinner and work through?
Esposito : Wait a minute. Castle, don't you have a date with Kristina Coterra tonight?
Castle : Yes, I do.
UNK: And, oh, crap, I'm late!
Beckett : Yeah, well, don't let us keep you.
Castle : Uh... Are you sure you're okay? Are you okay with this?
Esposito : Okay? Are you kidding? It's Kristina Coterra.
Ryan : Yeah, besides, since when have you let cop work
Ryan : get in the way of your busy social life?
UNK: Yeah, I mean, go. Enjoy your date.
Castle : - Right. Okay. I'll call you later. - Mmm.
Castle : To check on the case.
UNK: Okay, guys, let's just get back to work.
UNK: Surprise!
UNK: What are you... How... I thought we were meeting at the restaurant.
Kristina : I know, but this is so much more romantic. You, me,
Kristina : some oysters.
Castle : Oh. Wow, you got oysters in there?
Kristina : To get us in the mood.
Kristina : Also, some chocolate-covered strawberries.
UNK: I...
UNK: Well, I spoke with everyone at the station, including her boyfriend.
Ryan : No one admits to being the partner,
Ryan : or even knowing what she was working on.
Esposito : There's nothing in her phone records either.
UNK: Yeah, well, there's gotta be something that we're missing.
Ryan : Speaking of missing something,
Ryan : Castle should be way more excited about his date tonight.
Beckett : - Why? - According to Celebrity Examiner,
Ryan : Kristina is notorious for seducing famous men
Ryan : with her extensive bikini collection.
Ryan : What? Jenny buys it and it just happened to be open
Ryan : to that page on the coffee table.
Beckett : What's your point?
Ryan : Isn't it obvious? She's totally going to put the moves on him.
Esposito : No way. Not gonna happen.
Beckett : Thank you for actually showing some maturity.
UNK: He's totally gonna put the moves on her.
Beckett : Don't you guys think that he's actually evolved beyond that by now?
Esposito : He's a man. He has a pulse. So...
Beckett : - No. - No.
Kristina : You know, ever since I saw you on that red carpet,
Kristina : that face of yours, I have been waiting to do this.
UNK: Well, if you've been waiting that long, why not wait a few minutes more?
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Where are you going?
Castle : To the fridge. To put away these strawberries.
UNK: We wouldn't want the chocolate to melt.
UNK: I can think of a better use for that chocolate.
UNK: Okay! See, let's talk about this for a second.
Kristina : Oh. You want to talk?
UNK: Well, I just... What are we... What are we... What are we doing here?
Beckett : Hey, Castle, how's your date?
Esposito : What are you doing?
UNK: Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
UNK: Get back! Get back! Whoa!
UNK: Castle?