UNK: Said she needed the chopper only for 20 minutes and nobody could know.
Beckett : Did she tell you why she needed it?
UNK: No. But it must've been important.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Look, I liked Mandy. Bubbly, easy on the eyes.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : I wanted to help her out.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : But then we get up there, she's got all this equipment
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : and she wants to fly over Jersey.
Beckett : Why New Jersey?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Beats me. All I know is it's more fuel and my boss might notice.
Beckett : Okay, so did you do it?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Yeah, we were over Jersey for a few minutes,
UNK: but then she started breathing heavy.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : She didn't have her inhaler, so I flew straight to the hospital.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what she was up to?
UNK: No. But when I told her I didn't want to leave New York,
UNK: she said, "It's a matter of life or death."
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : I guess maybe she was right.
Castle : Well, that was the last time I took my laptop into a coffee shop.
Kristina : So, as a handsome, best-selling author,
Kristina : I'm sure you must have women
Kristina : throwing themselves at you all the time.
Castle : Well, we all have our crosses to bear.
Beckett : Yes, you are such a martyr.
Kristina : So, no one special in your life right now?
UNK: Um...
Castle : No. Uh... Actually, no, no one special. I'm single right now.
Kristina : That's good. Because there's a question I've been wanting to ask you.
Kristina : Will you have dinner with me tomorrow night?
Beckett : Oh. Um...
UNK: Well... Wow. I'm flattered.
Beckett : But I have to decline.
Kristina : Come on, Castle. There's only three seconds until commercial.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : I, uh...
Beckett : Exactly. What are you waiting for? Hello?
Kristina : We're gonna need an answer.
UNK: No.
Castle : Actually, I would love to.
Kristina : - It's a date! - Great.
Kristina : Frozen Heat, it's on bookshelves now.
Kristina : We'll have more with Richard Castle after the break.
Castle : I'm telling you, it's the perfect cover.
UNK: No one's gonna suspect us if they know I'm going out with Kristina.
UNK: Yo. Castle, nice work with Coterra, bro.
Castle : See? Perfect.
Beckett : Yeah, it's perfect.
Beckett : So how far do you plan on taking this date with her?
UNK: Well, I'm taking her out to a fancy dinner, someplace romantic,
Castle : where everyone will see us, maybe even end up on Page Six.
Castle : How great would that be?
UNK: That'd be so... That'd be really great.
Castle : You are okay with this, right?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, why?
Castle : Just asking.
Castle : So, what did we learn about Mandy's helicopter ride?
Beckett : Well, we found the equipment that she used in her apartment.
Beckett : It turns out it's all the stuff she stole from Rebecca Fog.
Harvey : Rebecca Fog.
Rebecca : What, you mean it wasn't a prank? I mean, she actually used this stuff?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Well, we were hoping you could tell us.
Rebecca : Well, if she was up in the chopper,
UNK: she must've been using the Direct Tox monitor.
Castle : The Direct Tox monitor, of course.
Beckett : - You have no idea what that is. - No, not a clue.
Rebecca : It's an instrument to test air quality.
Rebecca : But she was a glorified spokesmodel. What the hell was she up to?
Castle : Is there any way to find out?
Rebecca : Yeah, the monitor stores measured data.
UNK: - Whoa. Wait. This can't be right. - What?
UNK: It's indicating high levels of styrene.
Beckett : And is that unusual?
Rebecca : Styrene's a dangerous chemical.
Rebecca : Prolonged exposure can lead to severe respiratory problems.
Castle : Like asthma.
Beckett : Mandy had an asthma attack right after she did that test.
Castle : And remember Reggie's statement?
Castle : He said Mandy was hanging out at the hospital with those sick kids.
Castle : Maybe there's a connection.
Kid : She was really nice.
Kid : She said she had asthma too and that it didn't have to hold me back.
Kid : When the doctors come in, they only want to talk to my mom.
Kid : The weather lady, she actually wanted to talk to me.
UNK: What kinds of things did she ask you about?
Kid : Lots of things, like school and friends.
Kid : Last time she asked me where I played baseball.
UNK: - And what did you tell her? - Conway Field.
Beckett : Did she tell you why she wanted to know?
Kid : She thought it had something to do with my asthma.
Beckett : - Excuse me. - Mmm.
Ryan : Hey. So I just talked with the mothers of all the other patients
Ryan : that Mandy visited with at the hospital and they all said the same thing.
Ryan : Mandy asked them about their practices at Conway Field.
Castle : Let me guess. Conway Field's in New Jersey?
Ryan : Union County to be exact.
Ryan : So I spoke with Admissions at the hospital,
UNK: and they said that numbers for severe asthma patients
Ryan : are up for that neighborhood.
UNK: Well, as a weather girl and someone with asthma,
UNK: Mandy would've understood the impact of air quality
Castle : on someone with respiratory illness.