Beckett : for the coveted and lucrative evening news spot, right?
UNK: Please.
Rebecca : I didn't need to kill her for that. I just needed to wait.
UNK: She was already past her sell-by date.
Castle : Well, according to Harvey, she still had a very loyal audience.
Rebecca : Sure, yeah, people who cared about
Rebecca : how many buttons on her blouse were open.
UNK: But at her age, in high-def, she was running out of buttons fast.
Beckett : Then what was the fight about, Ms. Fog?
Rebecca : Look, I'm a certified meteorologist, okay? I have a brain.
Rebecca : Mandy was just set dressing with cleavage.
Rebecca : My forecasts were way more accurate than hers
Rebecca : and people were starting to notice.
Rebecca : So last week, to get back at me,
Rebecca : she breaks into my office, she steals a bunch of my equipment.
Castle : I mean, that's why I went to confront her.
Rebecca : But that's it, that's all.
UNK: Where were you at 10 : 28 last night?
Rebecca : Home, sleeping. I have the 4 : 00 a.m. Shift, remember?
Rebecca : And besides, she left the Children's Hospital before I did.
Rebecca : You want to find out who killed Mandy,
UNK: ask the person in the silver G-Wagen who picked her up.
Castle : What person?
UNK: Beats me. The car had tinted windows. But it sure seemed like she knew them.
Esposito : So Rebecca was telling the truth about where she was.
Esposito : She paid for the cab with a credit card
Esposito : and the cabbie dropped her off at her apartment before Mandy was killed.
Beckett : Okay, yeah, so check traffic cams and surveillance in the area
UNK: for the silver G-Wagen.
Beckett : Yeah, I mean, if we're lucky we'll...
Beckett : We might actually get a plate.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So, were you able to track down the phone records
Beckett : to see if she made any calls that night?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Kristina Coterra : Richard? Richard Castle!
UNK: Kristina! I have not seen you since...
Kristina : Since I interviewed you on the red carpet
Kristina : and you promised to do my show.
Jonathan : - Um... - That's right. I did.
UNK: Fred Willard canceled on me tonight. I don't have a guest. I feel like it's fate.
Beckett : Okay, I gotta go, Espo. Bye.
UNK: Tonight? Wow.
UNK: 9 : 00. I'm not taking no for an answer.
Castle : Well, then I won't say no.
UNK: Good. I'll see you soon, Ricky.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Oh! That's just their entertainment reporter. She's...
Castle : My agent has been haranguing me to promote Frozen Heat, so...
UNK: Isn't she the reporter that shows up to cover stories in her bikini?
UNK: Yeah, I don't... It's... I didn't notice that.
Beckett : You want to try it again? Make it sound a little more convincing?
Castle : - No. I'm good. - Okay.
Beckett : So the boys are running down our mystery car.
Beckett : In the meantime, they found something on Mandy's phone records.
UNK: She was getting calls from an anonymous burner cell.
Beckett : In fact, the last call she got before her murder was from that number.
Castle : But there's no way to trace it.
Beckett : Yeah, there might be. There's a pattern on the calls
UNK: and most of them came in on weekdays, between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00.
Castle : That's right before her broadcast.
Beckett : Which means she was here.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Yeah, Mandy was here between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : She needed all the time in that chair she could get.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : When a woman hits mid-30s, those HD cameras can turn on you fast.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Faster than my ex-husband in the sack, fast.
Beckett : You know, we were wondering about a series of phone calls
Beckett : that she might have gotten while she was here.
UNK: - Ah. Her secret man. - Secret man?
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Mandy was always open about her love life,
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : but when this guy would call, she'd leave the room.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : She was keeping it on the down-low.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Yeah, you always think you're being so discreet, but trust me, people know.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So do you guys have any idea who he is?
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Yeah. A few weeks ago,
UNK: I went outside to get a Nutter Butter from the vending machine
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : and I overheard them talking about his big game.
Beckett : He's an athlete?
UNK: More like an MVP of a very well known local basketball team.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Does the number 17 ring a bell?
Castle : Reggie Blake?
Castle : She was dating Reggie Blake?
Beckett : Castle, isn't he married?
UNK: Uh-huh.
Esposito : Yeah, not only is he married,
Esposito : but rumor has it he has a very strict "no cheating" clause in their prenup.
Esposito : Based on his income, it'd be very costly if he got a divorce.
Ryan : And guess what he drives?
UNK: - A silver G-Wagen? - Yep.
Beckett : All right, pick him up.