Beckett : about why you were at Mandy's apartment,
Beckett : and about what you were fighting over.
Beckett : - Now, did you take this photo? - No.
UNK: Wow, that's funny, because a search of your apartment
Castle : turned up a camera with this and other photos on it.
Beckett : She was your partner.
UNK: She was helping you with the story. So why didn't you come forward?
Castle : Well, there's only one conceivable reason.
Castle : Because you killed her.
Miles : She was a colleague and a friend. Why would I kill her?
UNK: Because she uncovered the expose of a lifetime.
Castle : A story that big has to be vetted by legal.
UNK: That can take weeks, even months.
Beckett : But Mandy couldn't wait that long, not while kids were getting sick.
Beckett : So she decided to turn the findings over to the EPA.
Castle : At which point, you lose your big exclusive.
Castle : Now when was the last time you had a big exclusive?
Miles : This is crazy. You think I killed someone for a story?
Beckett : We know it was you, Miles.
Beckett : We found gunshot residue on the clothes in your hamper.
Beckett : On the ski mask.
Lanie : The shirt.
Miles : You have to understand.
Miles : It was an accident.
Miles : I only meant to scare her.
UNK: I thought if I could just get those files back, I could stop her.
Miles : I'd be able to break the story like she promised.
Miles : But she fought me.
Miles : She fought me, she went and grabbed for the gun.
Miles : Why would she fight me? I mean, I didn't even know the gun was loaded.
Castle : Well, the station manager confirmed Miles was on thin ice.
UNK: The only way he could save his career was to break a splashy story.
Castle : So he made a deal with Mandy to help her in exchange for the exclusive.
Beckett : Right, and then when she betrayed him,
Beckett : he snuck out of the press party to confront her
Beckett : and then things just got bad from there.
UNK: I gotta say, pretty brave of Mandy to take up that cause.
Ryan : Not what you'd expect from what people said about her.
UNK: Funny how her co-workers thought they knew her so well.
Esposito : She had this whole secret life she was hiding from them.
Castle : Yeah. It's late. I'm gonna get out of here.
Beckett : Yeah, me, too.
Castle : Walk you out?
UNK: Uh... No, thanks. I'm good.
UNK: Good night, guys.
Ryan : - Good night. - Good night.
UNK: Well, good night.
UNK: - Good night, Castle. - Good night.
Esposito : Look, it's Reggie.
Chip : And finally, here is number one
Chip : on this week's top ten sports moments of the week.
UNK: This one sent in from a Reggie Blake fan.
Chip : This is what happens when you try to barge through to see the Blake.
Chip : Yeah, I'm guessing those eager fans did not get an autograph.
Esposito : Yo, you took that punch for me.
Esposito : You didn't have to do that.
Ryan : Well, it's what partners do, right?
Esposito : Come on. Let's go get a beer.
Esposito : I'm buying.
UNK: Cool.
UNK: Uh. Anywhere but a sports bar.
Esposito : Definitely not a sports bar.
UNK: Reggie Blake : I'm sorry.
UNK: Reggie Blake : I'm sorry. I should not have gone on that date.
UNK: I should've said no.
Beckett : Then why didn't you?
Castle : I'm no good at this. Pretending to be single.
Beckett : Yeah, but Castle, neither am I.
Beckett : And the last thing I want to do is have to worry about you with other women.
UNK: Well, for the record, I wasn't gonna sleep with her.
Lanie : I know.
Beckett : Look, that's not even the point.
Beckett : The point is I don't even know how to do this.
Beckett : Do you remember when Miles said that
Beckett : it's inevitable that this will fall apart,
Beckett : that it's destined to implode?
Castle : Just a reminder, Miles is a lying killer.
Castle : But, okay, maybe people find out,
Castle : and maybe we won't get to work together,
Castle : and maybe we'll implode.
Castle : Or maybe we'll continue to be amazing.
Castle : The point is we don't have the answers.
Castle : We just have to live with the questions and find our way.
Beckett : Okay, can...
Beckett : Well, can we just start here, then?
Beckett : Can we say that we will talk about dating other people,
Beckett : but we won't actually date other people?
UNK: Yeah, I can... No, I can do that.
UNK: Okay, good. 'Cause I have a gun, and you don't really have a choice.
Castle : - Clearly I don't have a choice. - No.
UNK: Mmm...
Beckett : I'm sorry. I can't.
Beckett : It's too soon.
Beckett : I just... I keep seeing her boobs in your face.