Beckett : - Hey. - You okay?
UNK: Well, I just got off the phone with Mandy's parents.
Beckett : They said that she spent most of her time at work. There was no boyfriend,
Beckett : and they have no idea why she was in the park.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check this out.
Ryan : I was going through Mandy's purse and I found this folded up in her wallet.
UNK: "If any of this gets out, I'll kill you"?
UNK: I'm gonna go ahead and say she was being threatened.
Beckett : That doesn't mean this is why she was killed.
Beckett : All the evidence points to the fact that she was mugged.
Lanie : It wasn't a mugging.
Beckett : How can you tell?
UNK: Blood spatter on her blouse indicates the shirt was ripped after the gunshot.
Castle : - And what about the bruising? - Post-mortem.
Beckett : To make it look like a mugging.
Lanie : Someone's trying to cover their tracks.
Esposito : Speaking of which, I figured out what's different.
Lanie : You're having sex.
Beckett : - Excuse me? - Oh, don't try to deny it.
Lanie : There's a glow. I know that glow.
Lanie : So, who's the guy?
Castle : Yeah, Beckett, who's the guy?
Beckett : Nobody that you would know, okay?
Castle : Are you sure? I know a lot of guys.
UNK: I'm sure. Anything else?
Harvey : As a matter of fact, I found makeup on Mandy's blouse
UNK: that's much lighter than the shade that she wears.
UNK: The position indicates close contact, like she fought with someone.
Castle : Rounding up all the women in the city who wear lighter makeup
Castle : is a pretty wide net.
Lanie : It isn't just any makeup. It's formulated for high-definition cameras.
Beckett : Like the ones they use at TV stations.
UNK: Miles Haxton : In the meantime, authorities are still on the hunt
UNK: Miles Haxton : for suspects in the Mandy Michaels slaying.
UNK: Though few details have been released,
UNK: Miles Haxton : we can confirm that she was shot to death late last night in Paley Park.
UNK: Miles Haxton : Speaking on behalf of the entire broadcast community,
UNK: the five-day forecast just won't be the same. Chuck?
UNK: Chuck Harrison : Thank you, Miles.
UNK: Chuck Harrison : We'll bring you more on this difficult story as events unfold.
UNK: Chuck Harrison : But coming up next, your morning coffee could be killing you.
UNK: Chuck Harrison : We'll have that story when we come back.
Producer : And we're out to commercial.
UNK: Everyone here is devastated.
Harvey : We're like a family.
Castle : What kind of family? Happy or dysfunctional?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Beckett : Meaning as the station manager, you would know your personnel.
Beckett : Did she have any conflicts with anyone?
Harvey : Sure, but I can't imagine that has anything to do with what happened.
Beckett : Well, who was it?
Harvey : The other weather girl, Rebecca Fog.
Castle : Is Fog her real name?
Beckett : And what was the conflict?
Harvey : Rebecca was the new meteorologist.
Harvey : She was ambitious and nipping at Mandy's heels.
Beckett : Had anything happened recently?
Harvey : As a matter of fact, they did just get into a bit of a scuffle.
Beckett : Really? When was this?
Harvey : Last night. I'll show you.
Harvey : Sorry, Chip. We need the bay.
UNK: Chip Chambers : Yeah, sure, Harvey. What's up?
Harvey : Bob, I need the unaired footage
Harvey : from Mandy's segment last night at City of Trust.
Harvey : The police need to see some tape on Mandy.
UNK: Yeah, it was a terrible thing.
Chip : Whoa. Talk about New York's Finest.
Chip : She really a cop?
Castle : Yes, she's really a cop.
Chip : Chip Chambers. I do sports, and you can arrest me anytime.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe I will.
Harvey : That's it.
UNK: Well, that's your weather, folks,
Mandy : straight from my lips to your living room.
Mandy : This is Mandy Michaels reporting live from the toy drive
Mandy : at the City of Trust Children's Hospital.
Producer : And we're clear.
UNK: Rebecca? What the hell are you doing here?
UNK: Rebecca Fog : You know exactly what I'm doing here, you conniving bitch!
Rebecca : You have no idea who you're dealing with!
Harvey : What happened?
Harvey : The cameraman turned off his camera and he broke up the fight.
Beckett : Did he see Rebecca leave?
Harvey : No. Once they settled down, he left them there talking.
Castle : It must have been a hell of a talk. An hour later, Mandy was dead.
UNK: Rebecca Fog : Look, Mandy Michaels was a lazy, entitled, big-boobed bimbo.
UNK: Rebecca Fog : I've been picking up her slack since the minute I got here.
UNK: "Harvey, I can't go in the helicopter
UNK: "for Traffic Live because of my asthma.
UNK: "Make Rebecca do it."
UNK: Rebecca Fog : I mean, did I hate her? Yes. But I would never kill her.
Beckett : Except, now that she's dead, you get to trade in the 4 : 00 a.m. Shift