UNK: Gout.
Chase : Um, are we talking about Brandon? Gout?
Foreman : Uric acid crystals in the joints?
Foreman : The symptoms are pain, swelling, redness, stiffness. Not one of which do I see on that board.
House : Because he doesn't have gout.
House : Every day, cells die.
House : We survive because the remaining cells divide and replace the losses.
House : The colchicine, a gout medicine, blocks mitosis and stops cell division,
House : which will result in abdominal pain, rash,
House : nausea, fever, kidney failure, low blood pressure...
House : and will also mess with the bone marrow.
Chase : But he doesn't have gout. Why would he have gout medication?
UNK: Because you guys were right. He didn't have two conditions at the exact same time.
UNK: First, he got a cough. And because he's an idiot, he went to a doctor.
UNK: In order to justify charging $200, that doctor felt he should actually do something.
UNK: Oops. He wrote a prescription.
UNK: Seven thousand people die each year from pharmacy screwups.
UNK: Not nearly as many as die from doctor screwups,
UNK: but still, not something they use in their promotional materials.
UNK: The pharmacist gave him gout medicine instead of cough medicine.
UNK: And the only thing it wouldn't do,
UNK: it would do absolutely nothing to relieve his cough.
Foreman : Occam's Razor...
Foreman : The simplest explanation is almost always that somebody screwed up.
Cameron : But once he checked into this hospital, he was completely in our control.
Cameron : Our food, our pills, our everything.
Cameron : So even if you're right, no more gout medication.
Cameron : He'd either continue to deteriorate, or he would've gotten better.
Cameron : But he got better, and then he got worse.
Cameron : It doesn't fit. It doesn't make sense.
UNK: Okay. Two people screwed up.
House : Not as simple as one, but...
UNK: He's resting. He's... I'm Dr. House.
UNK: I'm your son's physician. Oh. You're the one we haven't met yet.
UNK: Mr. Merrell : You're the one he hasn't met. How can you treat someone without meeting them?
UNK: It's easy if you don't give a crap about him.
UNK: That's a good thing.
UNK: If emotions made you act rationally, well, they wouldn't be called emotions, right?
UNK: That's why we have this nice division of labor. You hold his hand, I get him better.
UNK: If I start tucking him in at night, well, that's not fair to you guys.
UNK: And if you start prescribing medicine, well, that's not fair to me.
UNK: So, what I wanna know is, who stepped on my side of the net?
UNK: Who cared enough to get stupid enough to give him his cough medicine?
Mindy : When we checked in, Dr. Foreman...
House : Tuesday, he's getting better. Wednesday, he's getting sick again.
House : Somebody gave him his cough medicine Wednesday.
House : Come on. Nobody's gonna be mad.
UNK: I just wanna know who tried to kill the kid.
Foreman : - Dr. House, maybe we should... - His throat was sore.
UNK: Page Dr. Occam. He's gonna wanna hear about this. I'm sorry.
UNK: Mrs. Merrell : He was coughing, and I just wanted to help him... Aren't you a dear.
UNK: Where are the pills? He took the last of'em before he was switched into that room.
Cameron : They're all gone? It was just cough medicine.
House : No, it wasn't. Where's the bottle?
Chase : We need to know exactly what you put in this bottle.
Chase : We think it was colchicine, a gout medication.
Pharmacist : If the prescription said cough medicine, that's what I dispensed.
Chase : The family is prepared to waive liability, all right?
Chase : We just need to know what it was, what dosage it was... It was cough medicine.