House : It's a ludicrously long shot that explains every one of those symptoms... except for the cough and the rash.
House : Should we just erase those? Well, anything can cause a rash.
UNK: Okay. Cardiac infection.
House : - Cameron, you thought allergy. - Mm-hmm.
House : Chase, what was it you thought? Carcinoid?
House : Then there's hypothyroidism.
House : Could be parasites.
House : Finally, sinus infection.
UNK: If you're gonna list all the things it can't be, you're gonna need more colors.
House : Cameron was right. No condition explains all these symptoms.
House : - But orange and green covers everything. - Orange and green?
Chase : Two conditions contracted simultaneously?
UNK: Occam's Razor. The simplest explanation is always the best.
House : - And you think one is simpler than two? - Pretty sure it is, yeah.
UNK: Baby shows up. Chase tells you that two people exchanged fluids to create this being.
House : I tell you that one stork dropped the little tyke off in a diaper. Are you gonna go with the two or the one?
Foreman : - I think your argument is specious. - I think your tie is ugly.
House : Why is one simpler than two? It's lower, lonelier. Is it simpler?
House : Each one of these conditions is about a thousand-to-one shot.
House : That means that any two of them happening at the same time is a million-to-one shot.
UNK: Chase says the cardiac infection is a 10 million-to-1 shot,
House : which makes my idea 10 times better than yours.
House : Get a calculator. Run the numbers.
Chase : We'll run the tests. Tests take time.
UNK: Treatment's quicker. Start the kid on Unasyn for the sinus infection,
House : and... what was orange? Hypothyroidism.
Brandon : My uncle has hypothyroidism. Not like this.
UNK: Intravenous Levothyroxin is an artificial thyroid medication that should take care of it.
Cameron : Also, the nurses are going to start you on Unasyn. It's a more targeted antibiotic.
House : For the sinus infection? Yes.
Mindy : The other stuff is for something else entirely. - Bad luck, huh?
Cameron : Don't worry. He should be back to ditching work in no time.
UNK: Brandon?
UNK: Hey, Mom.
UNK: Mr. Merrell : We're his parents. How's he doing?
Cameron : Um, Brandon is...
UNK: Uh, Mom. Dad... This is Mindy.
UNK: I was gonna bring her home for Christmas. Um, we're engaged.
UNK: Dr. Hall to the recovery room. Dr. Hall...
UNK: Did you tell the family House's theory?
Foreman : Two odd conditions striking completely coincidentally at the exact same time?
Cameron : I didn't phrase it quite that way. They agree to treatment?
UNK: Ofcourse they did. We're doctors. They believe whatever we tell them.
Foreman : So, is that our job? House's puppets?
Foreman : He comes up with an insane idea, we get to pretend it's not?
Cameron : His insane ideas are usually right. We've been here long enough to...
Cameron : We've been here long enough to have Stockholm syndrome.
UNK: What, because we don't hate him? He thinks outside the box. Is that so evil?
Foreman : He has no idea where the box is.
Foreman : If you guys think he's right, go home. Relax. Just wait for the kid to get all better.
Foreman : I'm going to the lab to test for viral infections.
UNK: Negative for Coxsackie "B" virus.
Chase : Seven down, about 5,000 to go.
UNK: You really think we're gonna come up with your mystery virus just by running gels till we guess it right?