House : I asked you why you want me to treat him.
Wilson : He's sick. I care. I'm pathetic.
House : There are about a billion sick people on the planet. Why this one?
UNK: Because this one's in our emergency room. Ah, so it's a proximity issue.
UNK: If somebody was sick in the third-floor stairwell, that's who'd we be talking about.
Wilson : Yes. I checked the stairwell. It's clear.
UNK: Okay, then. Emergency room guy it is.
UNK: Wait. Why was that so easy? You know why.
Wilson : Blood pressure's not responding to I.V. fluids? - Yeah.
House : That's just weird.
House : C.B.C. was unremarkable. Abdominal C.T. scan didn't show anything.
House : So, people, differential diagnosis. What's wrong with her?
House : - Him. - Him. Her. Does it matter?
House : Does anyone think it's a testicular problem? No. So, Chase?
UNK: - Yersinia infection? - No. You wouldn't get the rash or cough.
Foreman : What about arthritis? Accompanying vasculitis causes nerve damage...
Cameron : No. It wouldn't cause the blood pressure problems. Allergy? - The kid's got abdominal pain.
Chase : Maybe carcinoid? No. But then you wouldn't get the...
House : Foreman, if you're going to list all the things it's not, it might be quicker to do it alphabetically.
UNK: Let's see, now. "Absidia". Excellent. Doesn't account for any of the symptoms.
Cameron : No condition accounts for all these symptoms. - Oh, good.
House : Because I thought maybe he was sick. But, apparently, he's not.
House : Who wants to do up the discharge papers?
House : Okay. Unless we control the blood pressure,
UNK: he's gonna start circling the drain before we can figure out what's wrong with him.
House : Treat him for sepsis, broad-spectrum antibiotics, and I want a Cort-stim test and an echocardiogram.
Chase : You all right? Yeah.
UNK: The Cort-stim test will tell us if your pituitary and adrenal glands are working properly.
UNK: - His glands? What does that mean? - We have a few theories we're working on.
Mindy : - You mean you don't know. - Mindy.
Mindy : I'm just saying, if they knew they wouldn't be testing you, they'd be treating you.
UNK: Yeah, well, that's the way it works. First we find out what it is, then we get you better.
Cuddy : You're half an hour late. Busy caseload.
UNK: One case is not a load.
House : So how are we doing on cotton swabs today? If there's an acute shortage, I could run home...
Cuddy : No, you couldn't. Nice.
House : Hello, sick people and their loved ones.
House : In the interest of saving time and avoiding a lot of boring chitchat later, I'm Dr. Gregory House.
UNK: You can call me Greg. I'm one of three doctors staffing this clinic this morning.
UNK: Short. Sweet. Grab a file. This ray of sunshine is Dr. Lisa Cuddy.
House : Dr. Cuddy runs this whole hospital, so, unfortunately, she's much too busy to deal with you.
UNK: I am a board-certified diagnostician,
UNK: with a double specialty of infectious disease and nephrology.
UNK: I'm also the only doctor currently employed at this clinic who is forced to be here against his will.
UNK: That is true, isn't it? But not to worry.
UNK: Because for most of you, this job could be done by a monkey with a bottle of Motrin.
UNK: Speaking of which, if you're particularly annoying, you may see me reach for this.
UNK: This is Vicodin. It's mine. You can't have any.