Cameron : Core temperature rises, heart races, blood pressure skyrockets.
Cameron : Respiration becomes rapid and shallow.
Cameron : The brain fires bursts of electrical impulses from nowhere to nowhere.
Cameron : Secretions spit out of every gland,
Cameron : and the muscles tense and spasm like you're lifting three times your body weight.
Cameron : It's violent, it's ugly, and it's messy.
Cameron : And if God hadn't made it unbelievably fun, the human race would've died out eons ago.
Cameron : Men are lucky they can only have one orgasm.
Cameron : You know that women can have an hour-long orgasm?
UNK: Hey, Foreman. What's up?
Cameron : - Hey, Foreman. - Hey.
House : - White cell count isn't up, is it? - No. We were both wrong.
Foreman : White cell count is down... Way down... and dropping.
Foreman : His immune system is shot. We need to get him into a clean room.
Chase : Can you walk, Brandon?
Brandon : Yeah. A little.
UNK: Okay. 'Cause we'll need to leave the chair outside. Thank you.
Chase : Where's April? April?
UNK: Can you take that chair, please? Thank you. Yes, Robert.
Chase : I'll need to take your, um... Your mask and your robe too.
UNK: You might wanna block your ears for this, it's quite loud.
UNK: Something's made him immuno-compromised.
Cameron : His white blood cell count is down, which means his body can't fight off infections.
Foreman : If he gets sick, he'll die. Sick? How sick?
Foreman : If he gets a cold, he'll die.
UNK: Okay. I'm gonna push the needle into your hip bone and take some of the marrow.
Brandon : That's not so bad.
UNK: Uh-uh. That was just the anesthetic.
Foreman : The core biopsy needle, it's a bit bigger.
UNK: Hey, man. Take a deep breath. This-This is gonna hurt... a lot.
UNK: Your marrow makes the blood cells.
UNK: We take a peek at it under a microscope,
Foreman : and maybe we find a viral infection.
Foreman : Maybe we find some fibrosis.
Foreman : Something to explain why your blood count is so low.
Foreman : There we go.
Foreman : One step closer to an answer.
Brandon : If you don't find one,
Brandon : I can't stay here forever.
UNK: - The patient could've died. - The one with the pulled muscle?
House : Those symptoms are consistent with a dozen other conditions.
House : I'm entitled to a consult. You are not getting out of clinic duty.
UNK: Come on. You got a hundred other idiot doctors in this building who go...
UNK: all warm and fuzzy every time they pull a toy car out of a nose... you don't need me here.
Cuddy : No, I don't. But working with people actually makes you a better doctor.
House : When did I sign up for that course? When did I give you the impression that I care?
House : Working in this clinic obviously instills a deep sense of compassion.
House : I've got your home number, right? In case anything comes up at 3 : 00 in the morning.
UNK: It's not gonna work. You know why?
UNK: Because this is fun.
UNK: You think of something to make me miserable. I think of something to make you miserable...
UNK: It's a game, and I'm gonna win because I got a head start. You are already miserable.
UNK: Uh... Is this important?
Brandon : Uh, no. Good.
Wilson : What's with you and her? Don't.
Wilson : You have a thing for her? The only people who can get to you...
UNK: No. There is not a thin line between love and hate.
House : There is, in fact, a Great Wall of China, with armed sentries posted every 20 feet between love and hate.
UNK: Thirty-six Vicodin. Who's the patient?
House : I am. You can't...
House : Dr. Wilson is the prescribing physician. Yeah.
Wilson : You will lie, cheat and steal to get what you want, but you're incapable of kissing a little ass?
House : We all have our limitations.
UNK: House? Wrong bottle. Do me a favor.
Wilson : Take one of these, wait five minutes for it to kick in, then find Cuddy and kiss her ass.
House : What was the kid's first symptom?
UNK: You did the history. Of his 800 symptoms, which one hit him first?
UNK: Uh, the cough.