Chase : Refill it.
UNK: He's gonna be okay. You don't know that.
UNK: Mrs. Merrell : Does Brandon like that quality in you?
UNK: Mrs. Merrell : You're a little negative.
Mindy : Things don't always work out for the best. Doesn't hurt to hope they do.
UNK: No. Not unless that makes you figure you can do whatever you want, like give people cough medicine.
Chase : This is cough medication. This is what Brandon was supposed to get.
Chase : They're small, round and yellow.
Chase : Can you tell this man what the pills in your son's medicine bottle actually looked like?
Chase : They were small, round and yellow, exactly like this.
Mindy : Those were the pills that Brandon was taking.
Pharmacist : Hey, I'm just a pharmacist, but I know what cough medicine looks like, Doctor.
House : It was so perfect. It was beautiful.
Wilson : Beauty often seduces us on the road to truth.
House : And triteness kicks us in the nads.
Wilson : So true. This doesn't bother you?
Wilson : That you were wrong? I try to work through the pain.
UNK: I was not wrong. Everything I said was true. It fit. It was elegant.
Wilson : - So, reality was wrong? - Reality's almost always wrong.
House : The cough medicine did something.
House : Aggravated the condition.
House : It's all over the place. Must be in his blood.
Wilson : - What if it is his blood? - Lymphoma?
Wilson : Unless you've got something better.
House : We foolishly ruled out lymphoma because his C.T. scan showed no adenopathy,
UNK: C.B.C. showed a normal differen-smear, bone marrow showed no... Screw the tests.
Wilson : Do an exploratory laparotomy and find out what's in there.
House : He has no blood pressure, no immune system and no kidneys. Surgery will kill him.
Wilson : Yeah, you're right. Let's stick with the wrong pill theory.
House : I'll schedule him for surgery.
UNK: Okay, Brandon, we're running this tube through your heart...
Foreman : and into the pulmonary arteries in your lungs.
UNK: The sensors will give us information we need for the exploratory surgery later this afternoon.
Brandon : - My fingers are numb. - Try not to move.
Foreman : We're in the right atrium, trying to catch the flow through the tricuspid valve.
Chase : I think the catheter's curling in the atrium.
UNK: Got it. We're in the R.V. now.
UNK: Ectopy.
UNK: - You must've irritated the heart wall. - It'll calm down.
Chase : He can't tolerate any cardiac arrhythmia. Pull back. - He needs the surgery.
Cameron : Pressure's dropped.
Chase : - You still with us, Brandon? - Get the curtains.
UNK: V.F.
Chase : Charging. Clear.
UNK: Sinus rhythm.
Cameron : I got a pulse.