UNK: I wonder if that's significant. - It means the antibiotics didn't cause the kidney failure.
UNK: How'd you know?
House : If you guys hadn't been so busy trying to prove me wrong, you might've checked in on the poor kid.
Foreman : You visited a patient?
House : I was sitting by his bed all morning, just so he'd know someone was there for him.
Wilson : I looked in on him. He's much better.
House : Ergo, the treatment's working. Ergo, me right, you wrong.
Foreman : Hey, I'm glad for the kid.
Wilson : That smugness of yours really is an attractive quality. Thank you.
House : It was either that or get my hair highlighted. Smugness is easier to maintain.
Wilson : I get that you're not a big believer in the "catching flies with honey" approach,
Wilson : but do you honestly think you'll collect a jarful by cleverly taunting them?
UNK: Flies, no. Doctors, sure. If I'd said to Foreman,
UNK: "Nice try. Great guess, but sorry, not this time", what do you think he'd be doing right now?
UNK: I think he'd go home not feeling like a piece of crap. Exactly.
Wilson : You want him to feel like a piece of crap? No. I don't want him going home.
Brandon : Dr. Foreman.
Foreman : Still have the cough. I'm feeling a lot better though.
UNK: His fever is gone. His rash is going away.
Foreman : I see. Is everything okay?
Foreman : Just ordering some tests. Absolutely nothing to worry about.
UNK: How much longer? - 9 : 30. I figure she was on the eighth hole when I paged her.
UNK: You probably got another half hour.
UNK: I ran a T.S.H., T3 and T4. The patient's negative for hypothyroidism. I'm not talking about you.
House : The fact that he's getting better would indicate the unreliability of the tests.
UNK: If I'm right and it's a viral infection, one of two things always happen :
UNK: the patient dies, or the patient's immune system fights off the invader.
UNK: What's with her?
House : Her leg hurts after running six miles. Who knows? Could be anything.
UNK: He's getting better. That doesn't prove you're right. That just proves he's getting better.
UNK: It-It's not two illnesses. It can't be two illnesses.
House : I am so glad you work here.
Foreman : If I'm right, the antibiotics you prescribed...
UNK: could box his kidneys and liver, impeding his ability to fight off the virus.
UNK: - It could kill him. - Well, that certainly would be a concern.
House : Fifty bucks?
House : Don't look away. The space monkeys will be all over you.
Foreman : - You wanna bet on the patient's health? - You think that's bad luck?
House : You think that God will smite him because of our insensitivity?
House : Well, if God does, you make a quick 50.
Mindy : - Oh. - Go check his white blood count.
House : If he's fighting off a virus like you think, it'll be way up.
Wilson : Hey. Cuddy said you needed a consult. What's up? I'm busy.
UNK: Oh!
Cameron : - I was just being glib. - You haven't said anything.
Cameron : No. Before, when I was talking about Brandon's girlfriend thinking sex could kill you.
Cameron : I was just making a joke because I was uncomfortable.
Chase : Oh, I don't even remember what you said. I'm uncomfortable about sex.
Chase : - Well, we don't have to talk about this. - Sex could kill you.
Cameron : Do you know what the human body goes through when you have sex?
Cameron : Pupils dilate. Arteries constrict.