Sofia : I will never get it back.
Castle : Except Ana buzzed her neighbor and specifically told her she lost the purse,
Castle : not that it was stolen.
Castle : Now, my next step is to contact the Taxi and Limousine Commission,
Castle : locate that limo.
UNK: Wherever it took Ana is probably where she lost the purse.
Sofia : So this limo is your only clue?
Castle : Of course not.
Castle : No, I have my best operatives in the field,
Castle : shaking the trees, generating leads, and, uh...
Castle : I just think that this limousine is very promising.
Sofia : It doesn't sound so promising to me, Mr. Castle.
Sofia : And we have less than a day before the deadline.
Sofia : Call me with an update by this evening.
UNK: Right.
Ryan : No progress on that limo or where Ana went after the opera.
Ryan : But we did ID the woman who gave her that USB drive.
Ryan : Layla Nazif.
UNK: We tracked her down from her box seats at the opera.
UNK: And who is she? She is the daughter of Abdul Nazif,
UNK: billionaire and high-ranking Saudi official.
Ryan : He's in town on UN business.
Beckett : So why was Ana involved with the daughter of a Saudi official?
Esposito : That's not the only person she was involved with.
UNK: I did some digging, and turns out she went to the Tremaine Hotel
Esposito : for the same two days that she took off from work.
Esposito : Some of the staff saw her hanging out with this guy, Herman Eckles.
Beckett : The real estate tycoon? What was she doing with him?
Esposito : I called his office to find out, got stonewalled.
Esposito : Eckles' people deny he even knew Ana.
UNK: Huh.
Ryan : A secret rendezvous with a shadowy real estate magnate,
Ryan : a flash drive exchange with Layla Nazif, daughter of a Saudi official.
Ryan : Ana was half Lebanese.
UNK: Perhaps this was some kind of espionage plot.
UNK: Bro.
UNK: And Ana found her way wrapped in a web of intrigue and like the...
Esposito : Bro! You're doing it again.
Beckett : Plus, Castle already pitched spies.
UNK: Oh, well, great minds.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Perlmutter. He's got something for us.
Beckett : I'll talk to Layla Nazif.
UNK: We'll go see what Perlmutter has.
Perlmutter : I'll tell you what I have.
Perlmutter : A clue that may hold the key to who committed this murder.
Ryan : And that clue would be?
Perlmutter : You see, murders are not solved
Perlmutter : by positing outlandish, fanciful theories.
Perlmutter : Sad to say, a habit you seem to be acquiring, Detective Ryan. No.
Perlmutter : Crimes are solved by applying the scientific method.
UNK: So are you gonna show us what you found
UNK: or are you just gonna stand here and talk about it?
Perlmutter : There are bruises on the victim's wrist as if the killer seized her.
UNK: Yeah, signs of struggle. We already know that.
Perlmutter : Ah. But what you don't know is that the killer left a print.
UNK: After a painstaking examination,
Perlmutter : I recovered an intact print here.
Esposito : Did you run it through the system?
Perlmutter : I leave that to lesser minds.
Beckett : Thank you for taking the time, Miss Nazif.
Beckett : I see you brought your lawyer.
UNK: Layla Nazif : My father insisted.
Beckett : So I need to ask you about Anahita Menendez.
Layla : Simply awful. I admired her so much.
Castle : Well, what was your relationship?
Layla : We were acquaintances.
UNK: You see, I adore telenovelas, much to the disapproval of my father.
UNK: The passion, the drama. Ana had such talent.
Layla : She and I met at social functions from time to time.
Beckett : Like at the opera?
Castle : The opera?
Beckett : Yeah, I gather that the two of you met at the opera last night.
Layla : I did no such thing.
Beckett : But we have a witness that saw...
Layla : That witness is mistaken.
Beckett : You gave Ana a flash drive. What was on it?
Layla : Your information is incorrect
Layla : and I am not obliged to speak with you, Detective.
Layla : I have diplomatic immunity.
Layla : This meeting is over.
Esposito : So you think Layla's behind the killing?
Beckett : I don't know, but she's clearly hiding something.
Beckett : Ryan, where are we on that print that Perlmutter found?
Ryan : We got an ID off the military database and it matches our sketch.
Ryan : This is our killer.
Beckett : Harlan Mathis?