UNK: And she's absolutely right. And completely unbiased.
Castle : I knew she'd come around.
Castle : Why don't we get right to business, shall we?
Castle : Just as soon as I find a pencil.
Castle : Perfect timing. Okay.
Castle : Let's start with Anahita Menendez.
Castle : What can you tell me about her death?
Sofia : Just that she borrowed my purse for the evening.
UNK: Then she lost the purse and was killed outside her apartment.
Castle : And did Ana have any enemies that you knew of?
Sofia : I'm sorry, but why are you asking me about Ana?
Castle : Because she's the victim.
Sofia : No, I'm the victim.
Castle : You mean, emotionally speaking,
Castle : because you lost your friend?
Sofia : Because I lost my purse.
Castle : Your purse?
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : Detective Beckett is investigating Ana's death.
Sofia : But the purse is still missing. I need it found.
Castle : You want me to find your purse?
Sofia : Not just any purse. And not mine.
Sofia : It's an Arthur Radcliffe original clutch
Sofia : on loan to me and due back tomorrow by 5 : 00 p.m.
UNK: It costs $500,000. It looks just like this.
Castle : It's worth half a million dollars?
Sofia : Will you find it, Mr. Castle?
Sofia : I don't know who else to turn to.
Ryan : So the canvass turned up a witness
Ryan : who saw a man fleeing the scene after Ana was killed.
UNK: The witness is a homeless guy.
UNK: We got him with a sketch artist right now.
Beckett : And what does this fleeing man look like?
UNK: Youngish, 6 feet, 200 pounds.
Beckett : Just like Marcus Segundo,
Beckett : the assistant who attacked Ana.
UNK: His MetroCard shows that he rode in from The Bronx last night
Beckett : and he got off at a stop near Ana's neighborhood.
Beckett : He also has priors for assault with intent.
Ryan : Why would Ana hire a guy like that to be her assistant?
Beckett : You know, Francisco Herrara said that
Beckett : she had a rough upbringing as well,
Beckett : and she wanted to give Marcus a chance.
Beckett : She trusted him.
Ryan : Looks like she shouldn't have. Where is he now?
Beckett : Espo's bringing him in.
Ryan : I'll let you take that.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Hello?
Castle : You referred a case to me!
Beckett : Oh, so you took it?
Castle : Yeah, of course, I did.
Castle : That way we get to work together. Sort of.
UNK: Yeah, I just... I didn't know if you'd be excited by a lost purse.
Castle : A purse? I'm sorry, this is not just some ordinary purse.
Beckett : This is a diamond-encrusted clutch.
Castle : It's on par with the priceless Maltese Falcon.
UNK: And I am hot on the trail.
Castle : Matter of fact,
Castle : I'm about to pore over an exhaustive list of events
Castle : that Ana may have attended last night,
UNK: unless, of course, you'd be willing to tell me where she went
Castle : now that we're on the same team?
Beckett : Yeah. I wish I could help you.
Castle : I get it. Church and State.
Beckett : That, and we don't know where she went.
UNK: So looks like you're gonna have to do
Beckett : some actual police work, you know?
Beckett : Hit the streets, start canvassing.
Castle : Canvassing? Oh, that thing you get Espo and Ryan to do.
UNK: My suggestion is you wear comfortable shoes.
UNK: Castle, I gotta go.
Beckett : Marcus, why'd you take the train into the city last night?
Marcus : To hit a bar in Chelsea. What's this about?
Beckett : Were you there all night?
UNK: No. Had a few beers and left around 11 : 30. Walked around a little.
Beckett : Like, to Ana's apartment?
Marcus : What's Ana got to do with this?
Beckett : She's dead.
Marcus : What? Ana's dead?
Beckett : Murdered by someone who impulsively hit her with a pipe.
Beckett : A witness saw a man matching your description
Beckett : leaving the crime scene.
Marcus : Me? It wasn't me. Are you crazy? I would never hurt Ana.
UNK: You attacked her on the set, in front of the entire crew.
Marcus : Yeah, but that whole thing was staged.
Beckett : That is hard to believe.
Marcus : No, I'm telling you, it's true.
Marcus : Ana came to me.
Marcus : She said she needed me to start that fight with her.
Marcus : She paid me $3,000
UNK: because she knew that it would cost me my job.
UNK: But she even promised to give me a better one in a few weeks.
Beckett : Why would she pay you to attack her?
Marcus : She said she needed to get away for a couple days.
Marcus : But the show wouldn't give her any time off.
Marcus : So she had me cause that scene.
Beckett : So she did all of that to skip out on work? Why?
Marcus : I don't know. She'd gotten real secretive lately.
Marcus : Taking meetings and not telling me what they were for.
Marcus : She was up to something.
Marcus : Maybe whatever it was is what got her killed.
UNK: Marcus' alibi checks out.
Beckett : Street cams caught him in SoHo at the time of the murder.
Beckett : He's not our killer.
Ryan : No, that would be this guy.
Ryan : Sketch came in from the homeless man.
Ryan : Definitely not Marcus Segundo.
Beckett : You know, if we could figure out where Ana went to last night,
Beckett : that might tell us who this guy is.
UNK: Her credit card said that she paid for a taxi.
Ryan : We're still trying to run down where it took her.