Ronnie : Uh, excuse me. Auditorium doesn't open for another five hours.
Castle : I'm not here for the opera, "Ronny."
Castle : Richard Castle, private investigator.
Castle : Wonder if I could ask you a few questions.
Ronnie : Oh, wow.
Ronnie : I thought you were a writer. What happened?
Castle : Nothing happened.
Castle : I'm just expanding my brand, if that's all right with you.
Castle : Look, did you see this woman last night?
Ronnie : Definitely. She was here for the premiere of Rigoletto.
Castle : You're sure? This woman?
Ronnie : Yeah, positive.
Ronnie : I mean, come on, you really think I'd forget her?
UNK: She's smokin' hot.
Ronnie : You know what the weird thing is though?
UNK: It's that she arrived way late.
UNK: A-few-minutes-before- the-opera-ended late.
Castle : Did you notice if she was carrying this purse with her?
Ronnie : Uh, yeah, I remember that, too.
Castle : Could you direct me to where she was sitting?
Castle : It could be where she left the purse.
Ronnie : Uh, she actually didn't go to her seat.
Ronnie : She went straight to the restroom.
UNK: Hello?
Martha : Private investigator investigating?
Beckett : The ladies' room, Castle? Did you not see the sign?
Castle : Seriously? You knew Ana came here and you wouldn't share?
Beckett : Yeah, I just found out. She got dropped off here by a cab.
UNK: You?
Castle : Well, only six events held last night
Castle : would require a gown and evening gloves, and the opera was one.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Beckett : Not bad. So, Pam here was just telling me that she saw Ana last night
Beckett : and she witnessed something very strange.
UNK: Really? What was the strange thing you witnessed?
Pam : Well, she came in, very pleasant,
UNK: said hi, not everyone does that.
Pam : But then she went to the corner
Pam : and met with this other young woman.
Pam : Pretty, dark hair. She looked Middle Eastern, maybe.
Pam : I saw her give Ana a flash drive stick.
Beckett : You mean, like, a USB drive?
Pam : Exactly. They didn't say a word to each other,
Pam : and then Ana up and slipped that USB thing in her purse and snuck out,
Pam : like she didn't want to be seen.
Beckett : So, the woman that gave Ana the USB drive,
Beckett : did you know her, or do you know anything about her?
Pam : She looked familiar, so she may be a season ticket holder.
Beckett : I need a list of those names. Is your manager in?
Pam : I'll go find her for you.
Castle : A clandestine meeting at the opera house,
Castle : a mysterious Middle Eastern woman
Castle : passes a flash drive to the victim
Castle : hours before her death.
Castle : Perhaps our telenovela actress was actually a covert operative.
Beckett : She may very well be,
Beckett : but I don't know how that's gonna help you find her purse.
Castle : And yet find it I will!
Woman : Sir, can you please leave now?
UNK: Ronny, do you happen to remember where that woman went
Castle : after she left the restroom?
Ronnie : Yes, sir. The performance ended and she exited the building.
Castle : You saw her leave?
UNK: Ah, right.
UNK: See, I was out front, helping patrons into their cars
Ronnie : when I saw her head for a white limo.
Castle : She left in a limo? Did she have the purse with her?
UNK: Yep.
Beckett : You know, that smokin' hot detective
Ronnie : was really interested in the limo, too,
Ronnie : and I told her all this earlier.
Castle : Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Ronnie : You didn't ask.
UNK: I... That's a valid point.
Castle : All right, I'm asking now.
Castle : Please tell me everything you remember about that limo.
Castle : I have a client who's counting on this.
Sofia : I got your text, Mr. Castle.
Sofia : So, Ana was picked up by a white stretch limo when she left the opera?
Sofia : Where did she go then?
Castle : Well, that's what I'm trying to find out.
Castle : Does that limo sound familiar to you?
Sofia : No. Ana usually ordered limos through the show
Sofia : and our service only has black Town Cars.
Castle : Okay, well, do you know anyone who would have ordered a limo for Ana,
Castle : or maybe given her one for the evening?
Sofia : She was a celebrity. We get limos all the time.
UNK: The limo could've come from anywhere.
Sofia : But this UBS drive, this concerns me.
UNK: Why? What was on it? What could Ana have been mixed up in?
Sofia : I have no idea.
Sofia : But if the purse was taken because someone wanted this UBS,