UNK: Yes!
UNK: Ronny!
Castle : I might owe you a bigger tip.
UNK: Oops.
Sofia : Where I come from, it's rude to look through a lady's purse.
UNK: Miss Del Cordova. You got here fast.
Sofia : I'm very anxious to get that clutch back, as you well know.
Castle : Even if it's a knock-off?
Castle : These diamonds are fake.
Castle : What's really going on here?
Sofia : I'm sure you're mistaken.
Sofia : Please, give me the purse and its contents.
Castle : Well, I'm afraid I can't do that.
Castle : This USB drive is a part of the murder investigation.
Sofia : I'm afraid I must insist, Mr. Castle.
Castle : Not your purse, is it?
Castle : It's not even Arthur Radcliffe's.
Castle : It's Ana's.
Castle : You were after the USB drive the whole time.
Castle : Why? What's on it?
Sofia : That is not your concern.
Castle : You used me.
Sofia : You are a private eye. Doesn't that come with the job?
Castle : You even fired me,
Castle : knowing I'd work that much harder just to find the damn thing.
Sofia : I could see you're like me, Mr. Castle. You hate to lose.
Sofia : But lose you must.
Sofia : The UBS, please.
UNK: It's "USB."
Castle : And where I come from,
Castle : it's rude to point a gun at a man.
Esposito : Good Lord, look at that. I mean, her going to prison?
Esposito : What a tragic waste.
Esposito : I just wish it would have been Harlan Mathis.
Castle : Why wasn't it? What cleared him?
Esposito : The LoJack in his limo proves that
Esposito : he wasn't at Ana's when she was killed.
Castle : So you're saying I solved my case
Castle : and your case and I apprehended the killer. Hmm...
Esposito : Yeah, you disarmed a 110-pound woman.
UNK: Must have been a tense moment.
Castle : You mock, but I'm telling you,
Castle : my online PI self-defense course,
Castle : much like your Special Forces training,
Castle : had me in the zone.
Castle : It was like everything was moving in slow motion.
Esposito : You do realize it was a prop gun, right?
UNK: What? Yeah.
Esposito : No bullets. Plugged barrel.
UNK: Harmless.
Castle : But since I didn't know that at the time, my act of valor still stands.
Ryan : Hey, so, Tech went over that USB drive. Turns out, it's a dongle.
UNK: Oh. Oh.
UNK: What's a dongle? What's a dongle?
Ryan : It's basically an encrypted security key.
Esposito : That unlocks what?
Ryan : When Tech plugged it in,
Ryan : it routed them to an anonymous numbered bank account in Switzerland
UNK: with a balance of $100 million.