Castle : You do know everything I know. I know nothing.
Mathis : Convince me.
Ryan : Harlan Mathis! NYPD!
Esposito : Drop that knife! Now!
Esposito : Turn around. Show me your hands!
UNK: Castle?
Ryan : What are you doing here?
Castle : I was only trying to find Ana's purse.
Castle : How was I supposed to know that the limo she was in
Castle : was being driven by the guy that killed her?
Beckett : Castle, do you realize how lucky you are?
Castle : Extremely lucky. After all, I'm married to you.
UNK: Do not even go there.
Beckett : What if we didn't connect Harlan Mathis to the Danbridge Group?
Beckett : What if that limo didn't have LoJack?
Beckett : We would have no way of finding you.
Castle : You would if you had traced that VIN number for me.
UNK: That's not the lesson to take away here.
Beckett : Look, from now on,
Beckett : I want you to tell me where you're going and what you're doing.
UNK: Uh, see, that's not fair.
Esposito : Neither is how we saved your bacon
Esposito : and got nothing to show for it.
Ryan : I mean, what is a rescue from certain death worth these days?
Esposito : Floor seats to a few Knicks games?
Ryan : At the very least.
UNK: Guys. "Rescue from certain death"?
Castle : Come on! I had him right where I wanted him.
Castle : Fine. Floor seats.
Ryan : So we looked into the Danbridge Group.
UNK: It is a front. Owned by a company controlled by Abdul Nazif.
Castle : The Saudi billionaire?
Castle : He's behind this? And Mathis works for him?
Esposito : We figure that Mathis forced Ana into the limo at the opera,
Esposito : stole her purse with the USB in it. Yes, Richard.
Castle : But Mathis said that she didn't have
Castle : the purse when she got into the car.
Castle : I think I know what happened.
Castle : As Ana was leaving the opera house,
Castle : she realized she was going to be abducted.
Castle : So before she got into the limo,
Castle : she ditched the purse outside the opera house,
Castle : where I will find it and solve my case!
Castle : See, I'm telling you where I'm going.
Beckett : You know where I'm going?
Beckett : To get a confession out of Harlan Mathis.
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, whoa.
UNK: Where you going, Floor Seats?
Esposito : Make the call.
UNK: I'll...
Mathis : I have nothing to say to you.
Beckett : Then you don't grasp the situation, Mr. Mathis.
Beckett : With all the charges you're facing, plus Anahita Menendez,
Beckett : by the time you get out of prison,
UNK: you're gonna be a senior citizen.
Beckett : Now, you were hired to abduct her, weren't you?
Beckett : Is this supposed to be loyalty to your employer?
Beckett : Because they've got none towards you.
Beckett : I spoke to Abdul Nazif's people,
Beckett : and they claim to not know you.
Beckett : So you're all alone here.
Mathis : What are you offering?
Beckett : Consideration from the DA. If you tell me what happened with Ana.
Mathis : I was hired to secure Miss Menendez.
Beckett : What were your orders?
Mathis : To pick her up at the opera and bring her to Mr. Nazif.
Beckett : For what?
Mathis : He wanted to speak with her.
Mathis : But she had refused to meet with him.
Mathis : I'm not clear on the specifics.
Beckett : What about the USB?
Mathis : I don't know about any USB.
Sofia : When she left the opera, I escorted her to the limo.
UNK: A few stoplights later, she jumped out, ran off and I lost her.
Mathis : I don't know what happened to her after that.
Castle : I do.
Beckett : You caught up to her at her apartment and then you murdered her.
Mathis : That's not true.
Beckett : A witness saw you fleeing the crime scene.
Beckett : Your print is on her neck.
Mathis : I went to her apartment to look for her, but she was already dead.
Mathis : That print is me checking for a pulse.
Beckett : You expect me to believe that someone else killed her? Who?
Mathis : How should I know?
Mathis : But killing her was not my assignment.
UNK: Okay, Ronny, just so we are completely clear,
Castle : you remember seeing Ana out here with the purse?
Ronnie : Yeah, that's right.
Ronnie : As the driver was escorting her into the white limo.
Castle : Okay. So it's possible she handed it off to someone,
Castle : stashed it in a bag, Enemy of the State style.
Castle : Did you notice anyone near her?
UNK: Uh, just the limo driver.
Castle : All right, well, how far from the limo was she when you last saw her?
Ronnie : Uh, she was, like, right there, just near the curb.
UNK: Perfect. Thank you, Ronny.
Castle : You are getting to be an expensive habit.
Esposito : All right.
UNK: No.