Beckett : His name is Francisco Herrara. He oversees the show for the network.
UNK: He's...
Beckett : Right over...
UNK: There.
Esposito : Sofia Del Cordova. A legend. A megastar.
UNK: Chiquitas. El Fuego de la Pasion. Caminos de Amor.
UNK: Chiquitas?
UNK: Yeah. And her co-star over there? Manuel Villalobos.
Esposito : He and Sofia used to be married,
Esposito : now he just rides her coattails
Esposito : and uses his influence over her
Esposito : to get his role beefed up on the show.
Esposito : At least, I mean, that's what I've heard.
Beckett : Are you sure it's your tia who's a fan?
UNK: Yeah. Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : As a man of fortitude and character,
Castle : I will resist the temptation to weasel in on your investigation.
Castle : But I must confess I have major case envy.
Beckett : So you heard about Anahita Menendez?
Castle : Yeah, I talked to a uniform at the scene. Is it true?
Castle : Rising young telenovela star struck down at her apartment?
Castle : Why do you get all the cases rife with mystery and intrigue?
Beckett : Not to mention sultry, tempestuous men and women
UNK: and over-the-top acting.
UNK: It seems real to me.
Castle : See, now you're just torturing me.
Beckett : Oh, come on, cheer up, Castle. You got a client of your own.
UNK: Actually, client just called.
Castle : The daughter and boyfriend broke up,
Castle : so no more background check.
Castle : Who's your prime suspect? Let me live vicariously.
Beckett : You know what, Castle? I have to go.
Beckett : I have a witness that we have to talk to.
UNK: Yeah, I gotta go, too. I got a call on the other line. Bye.
Beckett : Come on. Okay.
UNK: Francisco Herrara : I'm devastated.
UNK: Francisco Herrara : Anahita was an amazing person. And a gifted actor.
UNK: Francisco Herrara : Very convincing as a neurosurgeon.
Beckett : Mr. Herrara, how well did you know her?
Francisco : Very well.
Francisco : I discovered Ana three years ago in Colombia
Francisco : and we've been together ever since.
Francisco : She was a rising star. We just came off our promotional tour.
UNK: Barcelona, Dubai, Miami. She already had fans all over the world.
Esposito : We heard that she went out last night. Do you know where?
Francisco : I'm afraid I don't. But Sofia might know. They were close.
Beckett : Did she have any relationship problems?
Esposito : Issues with any overzealous fans or stalkers?
Francisco : No, but there was a terrible incident with Marcus Segundo.
Francisco : Her assistant.
Beckett : What happened?
Francisco : Ana got upset with Marcus for interrupting her
Francisco : when she was memorizing her lines,
UNK: and he lost it. He attacked her.
UNK: As in, hit her?
Francisco : He tried to, the crew intervened.
Francisco : But Ana wasn't hurt, she was shaken up, as you can imagine.
UNK: And she needed a few days off to recover.
Francisco : Of course, I fired Marcus on the spot. But he was furious.
Francisco : And he threatened to kill Ana if he ever saw her again.
Esposito : All right, we need to talk to this guy. Where can we find him?
Francisco : I have his contact information in my office. I can get it for you.
UNK: Be right back. Yeah.
Manuel : It is truly a tragedy when death strikes one so young.
Sofia : Manuel, that's the same thing you said
Sofia : to the parents of the child who fell down the well in Episode 347.
Manuel : And it is as true now as it was then.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Miss Del Cordova? I'm Detective Beckett.
Sofia : It's such terrible news. I just saw Ana last night.
Beckett : Did she mention where she was headed?
Sofia : To the Upper West Side. To an event of some kind.
Beckett : She told you that?
Sofia : No, I just assumed because she asked to borrow my purse.
Sofia : An Arthur Radcliffe diamond-studded clutch.
Sofia : Was it found on her?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Beckett : Yes. Ana buzzed her neighbor because she'd lost it. Why?
Beckett : She lost it?
Sofia : That purse was on loan from a boutique.
Sofia : It's due back tomorrow.
Sofia : If I don't return it, I will owe them a fortune.
UNK: Well, Miss Del Cordova, I'm sorry, I can't help you.
UNK: But if I come across it, I'll let you know.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Actually, about that purse.
UNK: It was 11 : 00 in the morning.
Castle : My phone was quieter than a dead church mouse.
UNK: My head hurt after a night of hitting the sauce
Castle : like there was no tomorrow.
Castle : For all I knew, there was no tomorrow.
Castle : I was about to pour a smile into my coffee,
UNK: have a little of the hair of the dog that bit me, when she walked in.
UNK: Senor Castle? I am looking for a private investigator.