UNK: You wanna walk me to work?
Beckett : So, busy day ahead?
Castle : While I admit
Castle : the public clamor for Richard Castle Investigations
Castle : has been somewhat muted,
Castle : I do have a meeting with a client this morning.
UNK: Ah, on a case rife with mystery and intrigue, I hope.
UNK: Not exactly.
Castle : Though I will gain some classic gumshoe experience.
Castle : The client wants me to do a background check
Castle : on the daughter's new boyfriend.
UNK: The boyfriend is 16.
Beckett : Look, Castle, you've got nothing to prove here.
Beckett : To me or to anyone else. Now is this really what you wanna do?
Castle : Well, I'm just starting out. I mean,
UNK: I have to become established, right?
UNK: I gotta pay my dues. What do you think?
Beckett : I think that if this is what you really wanna do,
Beckett : then I'm behind you all the way.
Castle : Thanks. And once I do become established,
Castle : much like my Nikki Heat novels were inspired by you,
Castle : my new series of PI novels will be inspired by me.
Castle : I'll be my own muse.
UNK: You should've stopped at "thanks." Hmm. Right.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Old habits. Sorry. Have a good day at work, honey.
UNK: Bye-bye.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Esposito : Castle trying to crash the crime scene again?
Beckett : No, actually he's got a case of his own. So what's the word on ours?
UNK: Oh, a sanitation worker found our victim
Esposito : hidden under some trash bags up here.
Esposito : She's Anahita Menendez.
UNK: Anahita? That's an Arabic name.
Esposito : Yeah, her mom's Lebanese, but she's Colombian.
Beckett : And you know this how?
Esposito : She's a famous telenovela actress.
Beckett : You watch telenovelas?
UNK: No, no, but my tia does.
Esposito : She's a huge fan of Anahita's show, Santos Desesperados.
Esposito : Desperate Saints. Hmm.
Esposito : She plays a brilliant young neurosurgeon.
UNK: At least that's what my tia says. Hmm.
Beckett : Hey, Perlmutter. So, tell me about our victim.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : Detective Beckett, so pleasant to see you.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Thank you. And not see Castle.
UNK: Uh...
Perlmutter : Uh... Signs of struggle, and then death
Perlmutter : came by way of a blow to the head.
Perlmutter : Delivered with such savage force,
UNK: it crushed the cranial vault, killing her instantly.
Esposito : This is the murder weapon.
Esposito : It's a length of plumber's pipe.
Esposito : There's a bunch of scrap pieces in that trash bin over there.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey. Our perp may have argued with her before he took that swing.
UNK: Neighbors said they overheard some loud voices
UNK: Kevin Ryan : coming from outside right around the time of death.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : A man and a woman's.
Beckett : So maybe this was spontaneous.
Beckett : A crime of passion, committed by someone she knew.
Ryan : Or she might have been killed by a psychotic plumber lying in wait.
UNK: Is that your Castle theory?
UNK: Yeah. It needs work.
Beckett : Look, you don't go to the movies dressed like this.
Beckett : So let's find out where she came from last night.
Beckett : Trouble might have followed her home.
UNK: I, uh, actually tracked down the studio
Esposito : where they film the telenovela.
Esposito : They may know.