Castle : will tell us exactly who this car is registered to.
Castle : And I know just the person to trace that for me.
Sofia : Mr. Castle, you are a genius. You are hired. Again.
Castle : Are you awake?
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Castle : Well, I admit, Sofia barging in on us was a little awkward.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Try mortifying.
Castle : Yeah, I was supposed to call her with an update.
Castle : I had no idea she'd drop by to get it in person. I'm so sorry.
Beckett : It was actually kind of funny if you think about it.
UNK: Yeah. Hmm.
Castle : So I'm forgiven?
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : Forgiven enough to ask for a favor?
UNK: Mmm...
Beckett : Maybe. Depending on what you're asking.
Castle : How would you like to trace a VIN number for me?
Beckett : Oh, my God, Castle!
Beckett : You are unbelievable.
Castle : So that's a no?
Ryan : So we may have a location on our killer, Harlan Mathis.
Beckett : How'd you pull that off?
Esposito : Well, we knew he was from out of town,
UNK: so we checked motels, hotels, short-term housing.
Ryan : Building manager in Harlem recognized him from his photo.
Ryan : He checked in two weeks ago under the name James Hyndman.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: Clear!
Esposito : No sign of Mathis.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : I think I may have an idea who hired him. Check it out.
Ryan : Security credentials for the Saudi Consulate.
Beckett : Layla and her father are Saudi nationals.
Beckett : That can't be a coincidence.
UNK: Well, why would they hire Mathis to kill Ana?
UNK: Well, I bet this is exciting for you.
UNK: Yeah, it's not every day that the DMV gets to help the NYPD
UNK: crack a homicide case.
UNK: Really? Every day?
UNK: Okay, well, if you'd just run that VIN number through your database,
UNK: tell me who the limo is registered to.
UNK: My name? It's...
UNK: Ryan.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan. Badge number 42344.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: And do you have an address for the Danbridge Group?
UNK: Yes!
UNK: Okay.
Castle : It's not here.
Castle : Which means either
Castle : the driver found the purse, or...
Castle : This isn't my limo!
UNK: Harlan Mathis : Give me your phone.
Mathis : You and I are going for a ride.
Mathis : What were you doing in the limo, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Well, this is gonna sound crazy,
Castle : but I was looking for a purse.
Castle : A purse?
Castle : Yeah, and it wasn't there,
Castle : so why don't I just apologize for breaking into your car,
Castle : you let me go and, well, we'll just call it even.
Mathis : Whose purse is it?
UNK: Um...
Mathis : Whose purse?
UNK: Anahita Menedez : Anahita Menendez.
Mathis : What do you know about her and me?
Castle : Nothing. Just that she left the limo without her purse, so...
Mathis : You're lying. She never had a purse when she got in.
Mathis : Who hired you? Who are you really investigating? Me?
Castle : What? Why would I investigate you?
UNK: For the same reason the police are.
Mathis : Because Ana Menendez is dead.
Castle : Which you clearly had nothing to do with, so... Whoa!
Castle : Okay, see, now that's not necessary.
Mathis : I need to know what you know.