Ryan : He's out of Vegas. Ex-Marine, worked in private security.
Ryan : But now he's freelance,
Ryan : and word is he'll pretty much do anything if the price is right,
Ryan : including wet work.
UNK: But why send a hired gun like Mathis after a telenovela star?
Beckett : Let's find Mathis and ask him about Ana's murder.
Beckett : Put out an APB and alert TSA and Homeland Security.
Ryan : If he's still in town, a guy like this won't be easy to find.
Ryan : But we'll dig in, hopefully make some headway by the morning.
Beckett : Got it.
Beckett : So, the lonely PI burning the midnight oil, huh?
Castle : Who knew finding a purse could be this exhausting?
Beckett : So, did you figure out where the white limo took Ana?
Castle : I can't even figure out whose limo it was.
UNK: The Taxi and Limo Commissions have thousands of limos registered,
Castle : but they're not broken down by color. So I'm working a Plan B.
UNK: Okay, well, you ready to get out of here?
Beckett : Call it a night?
UNK: Ooh.
Castle : What's your rush, doll?
Castle : Why don't you stick around a while,
Castle : give those stems of yours a rest?
Beckett : Could I?
Beckett : I'm all alone and this is my first time in the big, scary city.
Castle : Spare me the tall tale, precious.
Castle : A dame like you? You got an angle.
Beckett : You're pretty quick for a gumshoe.
Castle : Come on, spill the story. Time is money and I got none of either.
Beckett : All right. I'll give it to you straight.
Beckett : I'm just a girl looking for a private dick.
UNK: Whoo!
Castle : Then, your search is over, sweetheart.
UNK: Okay... Let me get this, here.
UNK: This is the double one. Yeah.
UNK: There you go, I got it. There you go.
Sofia : Mr. Castle!
UNK: Miss Del Cordova, I...
UNK: Uh...
Castle : We were not expecting you.
UNK: Obviously.
UNK: And do you know what I was expecting? An update from you.
Castle : I totally forgot. I was busy working the case.
Sofia : You said he was the best. Maybe your rating is not so objective.
Beckett : You know what? I better be on my way.
Beckett : You two obviously have work to discuss.
Sofia : Let me be plain, Mr. Castle. Have you found my purse?
Castle : Not yet, though...
Sofia : And what about where the white limousine took Ana?
Castle : I am following every lead. It's only a matter of time.
Sofia : Which is one thing I do not have. You're fired, Mr. Castle.
Castle : What? Fired? You can't do that.
Sofia : I just did.
Castle : Well, I don't accept.
Sofia : You do understand how firing works?
Castle : Fine. Effective immediately, I'm hiring myself to solve this case.
Castle : You can't do that.
UNK: I just did. I am determined to see this through.
Castle : And I've made it my mission to find your purse.
Castle : Take a look at this.
Castle : Somewhere, last night one of Anahita's fans must have seen her in that limo.
Castle : So I have been going over every post, every tweet, every comment,
Castle : every photo of Ana that's hit social media in the last 24 hours.
UNK: I have set alerts on all of her fan sites,
Castle : and I have a photo aggregator in case any new photos get posted.
Castle : As a matter of fact, that is the sound
Castle : of a fresh batch of photos arriving.
Sofia : Not so fresh. This one is from last week.
Castle : All right, well...
Castle : There, that one's from last night.
Castle : That's her leaving the opera with the purse.
UNK: There! There's Ana in the white limo! Looks like she's in a hurry.
Sofia : She doesn't have my purse. Where's the purse?
UNK: Okay, wait, that photo's time-stamped 11 : 03.
UNK: That's five minutes after she left the opera.
UNK: So?
Castle : So the usher said when she went to the limo, she had her purse with her.
Castle : If she's leaving the limo five minutes later, without the purse...
Sofia : Then she left it inside the limousine.
UNK: I find that limousine, I find your purse, Miss Del Cordova.
Sofia : But how? Without the license plate.
Castle : With that. That sticker has the VIN.
Castle : The vehicle identification number