UNK: 100 million bucks?
UNK: I should have charged way more to find that purse.
UNK: Miss Del Cordova, where were you
UNK: at 12 : 09 the night that Ana was killed?
Sofia : At home, in bed.
Beckett : And can anyone corroborate that?
UNK: No.
Beckett : So tell me,
UNK: why was Ana in possession of a security key to a Swiss bank account
UNK: containing $100 million?
Sofia : I'm not at liberty to say.
Beckett : Okay, well, here's my theory.
Beckett : Ana was involved in some kind of
Beckett : a business deal with Layla Nazif.
Beckett : Something secret, illegal, or both.
Beckett : Now, you either knew about the deal
Beckett : or you were involved in it, too.
Beckett : Feel free to jump in and correct me at any point.
Beckett : You went to Ana's place to collect the money.
Beckett : She didn't have the security key, so you killed her.
Beckett : And then you hired Castle to find it.
Sofia : Ana and I were business partners, but I did not kill her.
Sofia : She was my friend.
Beckett : What kind of business, Sofia? Your future is on the line here.
Sofia : Ana wanted to create
Sofia : the first Latin American female-driven television network.
Sofia : It was her dream.
Beckett : A television network?
Sofia : She came to me
Sofia : because she needed someone with star-power who knew the business.
Sofia : But we had to keep everything secret.
Sofia : If anyone had found out we were trying to leave Santos Desesperados
Sofia : and the very network that created us, it would endanger the deal.
Sofia : But the pieces were almost in place.
Sofia : Ana had found an investor that she'd met with,
Sofia : a real estate man to buy sound stages.
Beckett : And I take it that was Herman Eckles,
Beckett : and the investor was Layla Nazif.
Sofia : But Layla's father tried to stop her from investing.
Sofia : He didn't want his name associated with a women's TV network.
Sofia : So she went behind his back and gave Ana the USB.
UNK: The next thing I know, Ana was dead.
Beckett : If what you're saying is true,
Beckett : then why did you threaten Castle at gunpoint?
Sofia : Because the money has to be in the escrow account by 5 : 00 p.m. today,
Sofia : or the deal is off. Time is running out.
Beckett : Who else knew about Ana's meeting at the opera house?
Sofia : No one. She didn't even tell me where she was going.
Sofia : She just said she was meeting Layla on the Upper West Side.
Beckett : And where did you and Ana have this conversation?
Sofia : In my trailer, where it is private. No one else was around.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett, anything?
Beckett : Yeah, it looks like part of Sofia's story holds up.
Beckett : She was at home the night of the murder.
Ryan : Someone saw her? Mmm.
UNK: The doorman. He said she came in at 9 : 30,
UNK: and she didn't leave her apartment the whole night.
Esposito : Yo. So we searched Sofia's trailer on the set.
Esposito : You'll never guess what we found.
UNK: Detectives, what can I do for you?
Esposito : Well, you can explain this.
Francisco : It's a microphone, like the ones we use to record the actors.
Beckett : Except the actors involved didn't know that they were being recorded.
Beckett : That was hidden in Sofia's trailer.
UNK: Reprehensible.
Francisco : It's probably the tabloids again.
Francisco : Believe me, I will find the person who did this.
Esposito : Well, you won't have to look too far.
UNK: Your sound man caved.
Esposito : He admitted that you borrowed it from him last week.
Beckett : You probably suspected what Ana and Sofia were up to,
Beckett : and you knew that they talked in Sofia's trailer, so you bugged it.
UNK: That's how you knew that Ana was planning on leaving.
Esposito : And taking your biggest star with her.
Francisco : I know nothing of this.
Francisco : These are outrageous accusations.
Esposito : Those two women are the reason audiences watch.
Beckett : You knew that.
Esposito : If you let Ana go forward with her plan,
Esposito : where would that leave the network?
Esposito : Where would that leave you?
Beckett : Mr. Herrara, we circulated your photo.
Beckett : You were seen at the coffee shop
Beckett : down the street from Ana's apartment.
Esposito : You waited for her to come home. And when she did, you snapped.
Castle : Didn't you?
Francisco : I made Ana. Before me, she was nobody.
Francisco : And she was going to ruin everything.
Francisco : I begged her not to do it.
Francisco : But she refused to see reason.
Francisco : I never meant to kill her.
Beckett : Francisco Herrara, you're under arrest
Beckett : for the murder of Anahita Menendez.
UNK: It is terrible what Francisco did.
Sofia : But Ana's legacy will live on.
Sofia : We deposited the money in escrow
UNK: 20 minutes before the deadline.
Beckett : So you'll still be able to launch the network?
Sofia : Yes. The deal is complete.
Sofia : Layla and I agreed to co-run the company in Ana's name.
Sofia : I'm sorry I deceived you, Mr. Castle.
Castle : It comes with the job.
Sofia : And pulled a gun on you.
Castle : Which also comes with the job.
Beckett : Excuse me. I'm sorry.
UNK: Uh, Miss Del Cordova, I'm sorry to bother,
Esposito : but do you think you could sign this for my tia before you leave?
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Thank you.
UNK: What's her name?
UNK: Javier.
UNK: Okay, it's for me. I just...
Esposito : I've just been such a big fan of yours for so long.
Esposito : You're just so great in Santos Desesperados.
Beckett : Uh, you know what, Castle?
Beckett : We should probably get out of here before Gates sees you.
Castle : Right. Can I walk you home? Yeah.
Castle : Who knew a missing purse would turn into a case
Castle : rife with mystery and intrigue?
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Oh, all I did was refer a case. You're the one who solved it.
Beckett : So how does it feel to have your first satisfied customer?
UNK: Like I wanna satisfy another one.
Beckett : Oh, I think that can be arranged.
UNK: As the sun set on the mean streets of the naked city,
Castle : I could feel my luck was about to change.
Castle : The killer was caught, my case was closed,
Castle : and hanging on my arm was the dame of my dreams.
UNK: Are you gonna be doing that all night?
Castle : Not if it hurts my chances.