Rachel : Chandler, Mon, there's only one banana-nut muffin left.
Monica : I ordered mine first.
UNK: Yeah, but I'm so much faster.
Monica : Give it to me.
UNK: No.
Monica : Give it to me!
UNK: Okay, you can have it.
Monica : There you go. Enjoy your coffee.
Chandler : That was there when I got here.
UNK: Hey, you'll never guess who's coming to New York.
UNK: Quick, tell us before he swallows.
UNK: Ryan, that guy I dated who's in the Navy.
Rachel : You went out with a guy in the Navy?
UNK: I met him while playing guitar in the park.
UNK: Ryan threw in saltwater taffy because he didn't have change.
Joey : Is that when you wrote "Saltwater Taffy Man"?
UNK: No, he's my submarine guy. He resurfaces every couple years...
UNK: ...and we have an amazing three days together.
UNK: Only this time, he's coming for 2 weeks. Two whole weeks, which means "yea"!
UNK: So this guy goes down for, like, two years at a time?
Monica : That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
UNK: Hi.
Joey : Oh, no. What happened?
Ross : I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got chickenpox.
Joey : Oh, no.
UNK: Yeah, so if you haven't had it, chances are you'll get it.
Rachel : - I've had it. - I've had it.
Ross : - Had it. - Had it.
Phoebe : I've never had it. I feel so left out. Oh, look!
Monica : Honey, you made the bed again.
Monica : I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Richard : Then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for.
UNK: I'm taking a shower. Today I'll sing Jim Croce's "Leroy Brown."
Richard : Hey, Mon, I have a question.
Richard : Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town...
Richard : ...or the fattest man?
UNK: The baddest. Otherwise, the song would be "Fat, Fat Leroy Brown."
Richard : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm just waiting for you, sweetie.
Richard : Are you remaking the bed?
UNK: I'm sorry. The way you did it, it was just fine.
Richard : Then you're redoing it because...?
Monica : You'll think I'm crazy.
Richard : You're pretty much running that risk either way.
UNK: Okay. You see...
UNK: ...the duvet tag shouldn't be at the top left corner...
Monica : ...it should be at the bottom right corner.
Richard : - That's not so crazy. - I'm just easing you in.
UNK: All right.
Monica : You see these little flower blossoms?
Monica : They should be facing up not down...
UNK: ...because the head of the bed is where the sun would be.
UNK: You don't love me anymore, do you?
Richard : Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
UNK: Really?
Monica : Wow. Well, then, come on!
Monica : I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
Chandler : If you need something to hold you over...
UNK: ...I can get you a job here as an entry-level processor.
UNK: Don't you need experience like this?
UNK: It's not hard to learn.
UNK: As for people realizing you don't know what you're doing, you're an actor.
Chandler : Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Scott : Here's this morning's projections.
UNK: Thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbiani.
Chandler : Joey is a fellow processor.
Scott : No kidding?
Joey : I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
Scott : - Where do you work? - Well, I'm in between things.
UNK: You know, one day you're processing, the next day...
Joey : ...you're not so much processing anymore.
UNK: I told Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.
Chandler : Fleischman's group.
Scott : Whatever you do, don't touch his sandwiches.
Joey : Are all you processors dorks?
Rachel : This lipstick looks just great on you.
Monica : You look fabulous. You really do.
Phoebe : Yeah, are you sure? Really?
Rachel : See, you look beautiful. For God sakes, dim the lights.
Phoebe : I'm hideous!
UNK: It's gonna be okay.
UNK: Ryan's been underwater.
UNK: He's just gonna be glad you don't have barnacles on your butt.
Phoebe : Come in.
Ryan : Hey, baby, I'm back
Phoebe : Hey, Ryan. What's up?
UNK: What's going on?
Chandler : No, no. You have to stay back.
Phoebe : I have the pox!
Ryan : Chicken or small?
Phoebe : Chicken, which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian.
UNK: - Why aren't you home in bed? - My grandmother's never had chickenpox.
UNK: Please tell me you have, because oh, my God, I forgot how cute you are.