Castle : She lures an unsuspecting male, takes him into her web,
Castle : and then, the moment they culminate,
Castle : as soon as he feels the ecstasy of achieving his biological destiny,
Castle : she opens up her jaws and eats him alive.
Ryan : I'm glad I'm in a healthy relationship.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I bet male black widow spiders think they're in healthy relationships, too.
Beckett : Well, black widow or not,
Beckett : I think I figured out how we can find her.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: Holly Franklin : Do you have any idea who I am?
UNK: Holly Franklin : I'm a founding partner of Keller, Braun and Franklin.
UNK: Holly Franklin : I'm Franklin!
UNK: Okay, well, I don't ca re about your law firm.
Beckett : A man fell to his death tonight,
Beckett : and fingerprints confirm that you were at the crime scene.
Holly : No, I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : Okay, maybe you can tell me why people saw you
Beckett : fleeing the crime scene?
Beckett : Ms. Franklin, evidence suggests that you and Michael...
UNK: Michael? ...Bailey were romantically involved.
Holly : Michael who?
Beckett : This man.
Holly : No, that's not Michael. That's Jake. That's Jake Hendricks.
Beckett : No. That's Michael Bailey.
Holly : I think I would know who I was sleeping with.
Beckett : Well, apparently, you don't.
ESPOSITO : Do you think I should pull her phone records?
RYAN : No, what's the point?
Ryan : We already have her at the hotel with our victim.
Esposito : Not her. Lanie.
UNK: CHOKING What?
UNK: I am not going to your wedding without knowing who this guy is.
Ryan : Jenny has to find out for the place cards.
Ryan : I'll get you his name.
UNK: Okay.
Holly : He told me his name was Jake.
Holly : He said that he flies in from Chicago
Holly : to make sales calls for his family business.
Holly : He was really sweet.
Holly : I didn't kill him, I was falling in love with him.
Beckett : Well, he fell pretty hard, too.
Beckett : So, how long were the two of you dating?
UNK: STAMMERING Well, we actually just met tonight,
Holly : at Wilmer's Bar, at around 7 : 00.
UNK: Tonight?
Beckett : And you were already falling in love with him?
Holly : Look, I know it sounds crazy,
Holly : but it felt like one of those magical connections
Holly : that you read about, you know?
UNK: After we, you know,
Holly : he started to get dizzy and sweaty.
Holly : So he opened up a window to get some fresh air,
Holly : and he was leaning against the windowsill
Holly : when, suddenly,
Ryan : he just...
Beckett : Okay. So, you're saying that he fell out the window,
Beckett : and your first instinct wasn't to call 911, but to run away?
Holly : I knew how it would look.
Holly : But I panicked and I made a really bad decision.
Holly : But I swear it was an accident.
Lanie : It was not an accident.
Castle : You can tell he was pushed? I didn't say he was pushed.
Lanie : Michael Bailey was poisoned with a lethal dose of Colchicine.
Lanie : He was dead before he hit the fruit.
UNK: Colchicine? Isn't that a drug for rheumatism?
Lanie : Yes. Which Bailey does not have.
UNK: But he had 50 times the normal dosage in his system.
UNK: I'm putting time of ingestio between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Which is 45 minutes before Holly said she met him at Wilmer's Bar.
Beckett : Any idea how that drug was delivered?
Lanie : It was in something he drank.
UNK: I found lots of whey-prote isolate in his stomach.
Lanie : Along with chocolate.
Castle : So a chocolate protein shake?
Lanie : It'd be sweet enough to mask the taste of the drug.
Castle : Speaking of sweet, who's your date for Ryan's wedding?
Castle : Took a shot.
Beckett : All right, thanks, Lanie.
Lanie : One more thing.
Lanie : I ran a DNA test just to confirm that Superman here had sex before dying.
UNK: That's okay, our suspect... Let me finish.
Lanie : The test shows he had sex all right.
UNK: With two different women, within hours of his death.
Castle : You dog.
Beckett : Ms. Franklin,
Ryan : it seems that you weren't the only woman that
UNK: Mr. Bailey was "with" in the hours prior to his death.
UNK: What do you mean, "with"?
Ryan : Was there another woman in the hotel room with you?
Holly : I didn't think this could get any more humiliating.
UNK: Is that a yes? No! Detective.
Ryan : Thank you.
Ryan : Oh, and you should know that our ME has been able to determine
Ryan : that Mr. Bailey was wearing a condom,
Ryan : both times, so, that's...
Holly : That makes it all better.
Holly : Now I wish I pushed him!
Ryan : Hell hath no fury, all right. But I'm pretty sure she's telling the truth.
Beckett : Yeah, maybe, but let's just confirm her alibi before releasing her.
Castle : In the meantime, we need to figure out where Bailey was
UNK: and who he was with between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 p.m. when he was poisoned.
BECKETT : Exactly. That is our kill zone.