UNK: EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST What are you drinking?
UNK: Richard Castle : Toxic waste?
UNK: Jenny Duffy O'malley : We're doing a cleanse.
UNK: Jenny Duffy O'malley : And he forgot his bottle, so I came by to drop it off.
Castle : Oh, he forgot it? Are you sure? Mmm.
Ryan : Actually, I've never felt better in my entire life.
Ryan : Water, lime juice, no solid food.
UNK: Jenny and I are gonna start our marriage perfectly cleansed.
Jenny : We've already made it a week. We only have three days to go.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I can't even believe you guys are already getting married on Sunday.
Jenny : I know, isn't that crazy?
UNK: I better run. My mom is freaking out about place cards.
Jenny : See you there.
UNK: Thanks, sweetie. I love you.
Jenny : I love you more. Oh, it's not possible.
Ryan : I know, I know, I know. We're nauseating.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Well, I am looking forward to meeting some of Jenny's sorority sisters.
UNK: I am about to show them some of New York's finest.
Ryan : Oh, good.
Ryan : Then I guess you won't care that Lanie is bringing a plus-one.
UNK: Who?
Ryan : I don't know. She just RSVP'd plus-one.
Esposito : How can she already have a boyfriend? We just broke up.
Beckett : Don't worry, Espo. I'm going alone.
UNK: So, if the sorority girls don't work out, I'll dance with you.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Esposito.
Ryan : Castle. Jenny tells me that you RSVP'd plus-one.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : You're bringing a date? I am.
UNK: Who? Oh!
Castle : Well, she's beautiful, she's intelligent, she's funny.
Castle : The way she smiles at me sometimes just melts my heart.
Castle : It's Alexis.
Esposito : Guys, we got a fresh one.
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, we got a jumper?
Lanie : Judging by the impact,
Lanie : I'd say he came from one of those windows above the seventh floor.
UNK: Ryan and Esposito are already into finding the room with the hotel staff.
UNK: So. He's naked.
UNK: Perceptive.
Castle : It is pretty cold out. If this was a suicide,
Castle : wouldn't you rather be warm and toasty
Castle : on your way down to your certain, yet citrusy death?
Lanie : If it were suicide, would you really have these?
Lanie : Fingernail marks. Only an hour old.
Beckett : Looks like he did the deed before taking the dive.
Castle : Last item on your bucket list? ESPOSITO : Yo.
Esposito : Two hotel clerks saw a white lady with long, red hair hurrying out
UNK: shortly after Birthday Suit hit the fruit.
Beckett : All right, see if you can get a better description from those clerks
Beckett : and let's set up a canvass.
Beckett : We gotta find that woman.
UNK: Antonio, can you refrigerate these samples in the van, please?
Esposito : Is this the guy? Hmm?
UNK: Mr. Plus-one?
RYAN : Hey, Beckett!
Ryan : Found the room! Eighth floor!
UNK: Okay!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Music to set the mood by?
Beckett : Yeah. And then there's the lipstick on the pillow.
Castle : Looks like Lanie was right about our victim getting lucky
Castle : before he ran out of luck.
Ryan : So, our vic's name is Michael Bailey.
UNK: Twenty-eight. Lives on West 93rd Street.
Ryan : According to h is business card,
Ryan : he's a junior analyst at Global 12 Consolidated in Midtown.
Beckett : Who booked the room?
UNK: Booked under "Jane Eyre." Paid with cash, no credit card on file.
Castle : Suggests premeditation.
Castle : She knew she was going to kill him, so she booked the room anonymously.
Beckett : Yeah, but then why sleep with him? Why not just push him out the window?
UNK: Because she's a black widow.
UNK: MUSIC STOPS
UNK: Coldest-hearted creature on Earth.