Max : He got involved with this crazy stalker chick, Colette something.
UNK: So we staged the abduction to scare her off.
Max : We call it an exstalktion.
Ryan : Are you saying Bailey was in on it?
Max : Yeah. The three of us are a crew.
Beckett : What kind of crew?
Castle : Special forces? Private military contractors?
Pablo : We're pickup artists.
UNK: As in picking up women? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You?
Max : We dedicate our lives to picking up as many hot women as possible.
Ryan : That would explain all of Bailey's women.
UNK: And those girls at the apartment were pretty hot.
UNK: SCOFFS Yeah.
UNK: That music that was playin is that part of your seduction strategy?
Pablo : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Boleroincreases the chance of closing the deal by 12%.
UNK: Okay, assuming that you are telling the truth,
Beckett : you were with Mike the night before he was killed.
Beckett : Did he tell you what he was up to?
Pablo : Nah, he was being all secretive.
Pablo : I mean, he stopped hanging out with us, like, a month ago.
Castle : Really, a month?
Pablo : Yeah, when he called about the exstalktion a couple of days ago,
UNK: that was the first time we've heard from him since then.
Max : So when he said he was going out after the exstalktion,
UNK: naturally, we followed him.
Esposito : Where'd he go?
Max : Went to this totally lame bar, The Magic Bottle.
Beckett : I mean, not target-rich at all.
Pablo : And when he found us there, he kind of freaked.
Pablo : But he agreed to let us stay and be his wingmen,
UNK: but only if we referred to him as "Jake."
Pablo : Like he was undercover.
Castle : Jake. That's the same identity he gave to Holly Franklin the next day.
Max : So we do our usual couple laps of recon.
UNK: There are actually some decent MILFs.
PABLO : And I think Mike's just expanding his palette, right?
Pablo : But he wasn't interested in any of them.
Max : No. Instead, he finds this one mark,
Max : ugh, nothing special, and plants his flag.
Pablo : Then I see that she's got a ring on her finger.
Pablo : She's a married chick. We stay away from married chicks.
Beckett : 'Cause you're so ethical?
UNK: SCOFFS No. They're just trouble.
Max : But he doesn't care. He's all in on her.
Castle : So you think he went to this bar for th is particular woman?
Castle : Like he was targeting her? Exactly.
Beckett : Did he say why?
Max : No. But he was working her like his life depended on it.
Max : I mean, it was like he was on a mission.
Ryan : Did she go for him?
UNK: No, total red light. IMITATES ALARM
UNK: Gate's down, train's coming. Time to move on.
Pablo : But not Mike. Not on this night.
UNK: So what did he do?
Max : He counters with some Authorizing.
Esposito : Authorizing, huh?
UNK: Making it seem like the last thing on his mind is hooking up.
Max : He just finds her interesting and wants to talk.
Pablo : But she doesn't bite. So he tries an M-Swig.
Pablo : Tells her he knows this girl who's cheating on his friend,
Pablo : should he tell his friend?
MAX : 'Cause women love to give advice.
Max : But she's still giving him the Heisman, so he tries a Butter Job.
Max : A butter job? What's that?
Max : It's when you flirt with the mark's friend.
PABLO : And that's when he started getting traction.
Pablo : Immediately follows with a Yank And Chain Reversal,
Pablo : sees he's got her on the hook...
MAX : So he goes right for the Bailey Ultimatum.
Max : Boom! Signature move.
Max : Says he has to leave,
Max : forcing the mark to make a quick decision whether to go with you or not.
UNK: And what'd she do?
Pablo : Next thing you know, two of them are walking on their way out of there.
Pablo : You know, you have some beautiful eyes.
UNK: Seriously?
Pablo : What? It's a numbers game. I strike out 90% of the time.
UNK: That's restoring my faith in my gender.
Beckett : So this mark that he was working, does she have a name?
UNK: Lisa.
Pablo : The greatest pickup I have ever seen.
UNK: It's a damn shame she'll never make it into Mike's ledger.
Beckett : What ledger?
Castle : It's literally hundreds of women that Bailey slept with.
Beckett : Or so he claims.
UNK: It seems legit to me. Most of these shots are pretty racy.
Castle : All with nicknames and dates.
UNK: "June 9th, 2010. Carnal Carrie."
UNK: "June 12, 2010. Mesmerizing Marjan."
UNK: Oh, sorry.
Beckett : Is there a Lisa in the re from two days ago?
Castle : No. The last entry was over a month ago.
Castle : So Pablo was right, she didn't make it in.
UNK: SIGHS We gotta find Lisa. She could be our other woman.
Ryan : Hey. So our friends Max and Pablo just alibied out.
Ryan : They were both at work when Mike was poisoned.
UNK: CHUCKLES Limber Lucy. And, boy, is she ever.
UNK: Max Landon : I don't know what this dude Bailey was into,
UNK: but whatever it is, he had it going on.
Ryan : Really? This impresses you?
Ryan : These women are pathetic for falling for this guy.
Beckett : And Bailey? Bailey was just a con man and a liar.
Ryan : Thank you. At least there is one real man amongst us.
Beckett : Ryan, why don't you take The Situation down to the Magic Bottle
UNK: and see if you can get an ID on Lisa.
Beckett : And find out why Bailey migh have been targeting her.
Castle : Beckett, when exactly did Ryan and Jenny start dating?
Beckett : I think it was around 2009.
Beckett : She got him that ugly tie for their two-week anniversary.
UNK: So, I think Easter, April.
Castle : Meaning, by May 2009, they had been dating a month?
Beckett : Yeah. Why?
Castle : Bailey's May 20, 2009 entry.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh. That's Jenny.
Castle : Not just Jenny. Gyrating Jenny.
BARRY : Yeah, I recognize him.
UNK: In here with a couple friends two nights ago.
Ryan : Those friends told us that he left with a woman.
Ryan : Lisa. Do you know her?