Ryan : And I looked in his dresser, and I found this.
Ryan : Illinois driver's license.
UNK: "Jake Hendricks, Chicago." That's the name that he gave Holly.
Castle : So, he is Jake Hendricks?
Ryan : No, he's Mike Bailey. That's a fake.
Castle : He did not buy this on some street corner. This is government grade.
RYAN : Yeah, right down to the security hologram.
Ryan : It's like he was living undercover. And I found this.
Esposito : That's a lot of cake.
UNK: Why do you have to call it "cake"? It's money.
Ryan : A lot of money, it's about 60 grand.
UNK: Cash, fake ID.
Beckett : What the hell was Bailey into?
UNK: Something bigger than lying about who he was just to get laid.
Castle : Jake Hendricks has fake web-search hits.
Castle : Lives in Chicago, works for the family business.
Esposito : Just like he told Holly Franklin. CASTLE : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Family business has a fake web site.
Beckett : That's a pretty deep cover.
Castle : Yeah, our Don Juan is starting to look more like Jason Bourne.
Beckett : All right, you guys get a hold of FBI and CIA
UNK: and any other intelligence agency, see if he's one of theirs.
UNK: Come on, Castle, let's talk to Bailey's boss at Global 12 Consolidated.
Beckett : Find out why our vic took that leave of absence.
UNK: Mr. Harris : We still need the estimates on Thorium in India.
UNK: And I would appreciate... WOMAN : Excuse me, Mr. Harris?
UNK: Harris's Secretary : Those detectives are here for you.
Harris : You guys mind if we take a few minutes?
UNK: Ron Hill : No problem. We're still working up the financing terms
UNK: Ron Hill : on subordinated debt anyway.
UNK: Amy Kemp : Sure, it's not like these negotiations are going anywhere.
Harris : Mike was a junior analyst in our acquisition department.
Harris : He was a good kid. Bright future.
Beckett : I understand that he took a leave of absence a month ago.
Beckett : Did he give you a reason why?
Harris : Personal issues.
Harris : He didn't say why but I could tell it was serious.
Castle : So, you have no idea why he would have a fake ID and $60,000 cash?
UNK: No.
Harris : But maybe it had something to do with that woman
Harris : that tried to break into his office yesterday.
Beckett : Who was that I don't know?
Harris : She was gone before security got there.
Beckett : And who reported it?
Amy : I had stepped out of negotiations to go to the restroom.
Amy : And in the hallway, I noticed a woman was trying to pick an office-door lock
Amy : using a wrench and an opened-up paper clip.
Amy : I assumed she had just locked herself out of her office
Amy : and joked that a key would work better.
Amy : Well, she was startled and shoved me over
Amy : and made a dash for the stairwell.
Beckett : Did you get a good look at her?
Amy : Yeah. And I told security.
Amy : She was exotic, 30-ish, dark, wavy hair.
Amy : She had on an overcoat, but it was open,
Amy : and she was wearing a pin with a Star of David on it.
Amy : I'm pretty sure it's the insignia from El Al Airlines.
ESPOSITO : Name's Colette Roth.
Esposito : She's 27, she's been an El Al flight attendant for three years,
UNK: making the Tel Aviv-JFK run twice a week.
Ryan : Intel agencies used to use flight attendants as spies, didn't they?
Esposito : Yeah, and get this, she's former Israeli military.
Ryan : Mossad is famo us for poisoning.
Esposito : Yeah, big time. Castle may not be that far off
Esposito : with his Jason Bourne theory. CELL PHONE BEEPING
Esposito : Uniforms are tracking her down now.
UNK: Ah! Jenny just texted me Lanie's plus-one.
Ryan : Name is Toby Lang.
UNK: SCOFFING What? Toby...
Esposito : All right, let's check this punk out.
UNK: Dr. Toby Lang?
UNK: Guy's a chief administrator at St. Samuel's Hospital.
Esposito : Big job.
Ryan : Lanie did her residency there, didn't she?
UNK: Yeah. Good-looking guy.
ESPOSITO : Played college hoops at Kentucky.
UNK: "Ground-breaking cancer researcher"? Are you kidding me?
Esposito : Put me down for a plus-one!
Ryan : Jenny already did the tables.
Ryan : What about her sorority sisters?
UNK: Dude, I am not showing up solo
Esposito : when she's bringing Captain America over here.
Ryan : Okay. I'll talk to Jenny. PHONE RINGING
UNK: But her mom's gonna need a name for that place card.
UNK: Esposito.
Esposito : Copy that.
Esposito : Colette Roth just checked in for a flight at JFK.
Esposito : Unis are picking her up now. All right.
UNK: I'm not a spy. I'm a flight attendant.
Beckett : Well, then maybe you can explain your relationship with Michael Bailey?
UNK: We were soulmates.