UNK: Shiatsu.
Beckett : Unis are on their way to pick her up now.
Beckett : Do you recognize him, Ms. Hill?
UNK: Lisa Hill : Yes. It's Jake.
Beckett : Yes, Jake Hendricks.
Beckett : Or so you thought, until you found out his real name was Michael Bailey.
Beckett : He was trying to blackmail you. Isn't that right?
UNK: Blackmail? I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : I think you do.
Beckett : You realized that you had been played,
Beckett : and you decided to take your revenge.
Beckett : Your sister ow ns a drug company.
Beckett : She must have given you the Colchicine
Beckett : you used to poison him, didn't she?
Lisa : No, look, I didn't get revenge
UNK: because I never knew what he was up to.
Lisa : But he was up to something.
UNK: I should've realized when he was hitting on me so hard at the bar.
Lisa : But he was cute, and my husband is more interested in work
Lisa : than actually living.
Lisa : So I brought him home and it was nice.
Lisa : But then I came out of the bathroom and caught him on the computer.
Lisa : I figured he was trying to steal credit cards, banking info,
Lisa : so I kicked his ass out.
Holly : But I swear, that was the last time I saw him.
Pablo : Oh, yeah,
Esposito : Bailey sent an email, all right. To himself.
Beckett : Why would he email himself?
Esposito : Because he attached several documents from Hill's computer.
Castle : What kind of documents?
ESPOSITO : Confidential ones.
Esposito : Relating to KPW Mining Corporation.
Esposito : Lisa Hill's husband, Ron Hill, is the investment banker
Esposito : representing KPW in the possible sale of the company.
Castle : That's Lisa Hill's husband?
Castle : We saw him at the Global 12 offices.
Esposito : Yep. And Ron Hill is representing KPW.
UNK: It's a multi-billion-dollar deal.
CASTLE : So Bailey was engaged in covert ops.
Castle : He targeted Ron Hill's wife, Lisa,
Castle : slept with her in order to steal KPW corporate secrets.
Beckett : That's espionage.
UNK: More like sexpionage.
BECKETT : More like motive.
Castle : So Bailey was using his pickup-artist skills
Castle : to sleep with Ron Hill's wif and steal corporate secrets.
Castle : Man, there's a penetrating enemy lines joke here somewhere.
Holly : You know, Ron must've hit the roof
Beckett : when he discovered that those files were stolen.
UNK: Well, sure, Ron got screwed on the deal
Castle : and his wife got screwed.
UNK: If anybody ever had motive for murder, it was Ron Hill.
Esposito : Yeah. Except he was in negotiations during the poisoning kill zone,
Castle : and his wife Lisa alibied, too.
UNK: And I'm looking into the KPW deal.
UNK: Turns out that they're represented by Keller, Braun and Franklin.
Ryan : Guess who their lead attorney is?
UNK: Holly Franklin? Yep. Miss No-tell Hotel herself.
Ryan : The only reason you guys didn't run into her at Global 12 Consolidated
UNK: is that we were still holding her.
Beckett : That explains the Lisa and Holly connection.
Castle : Yeah, but it begs the question,
Castle : how many other wom en did Bailey target
Castle : in this little sexpionage scheme?
Beckett : You guys get a list of all the people at KPW that were working the sale,
Beckett : including the banking and legal teams.
Beckett : All right.
Beckett : There's no way that Bailey was working this alone.
Beckett : He's too junior.
Castle : And besides, he was on leave.
Beckett : And who authorized the leave?
UNK: Yes, I authorized his leave.
UNK: You gave him a fake ID and cash bonuses, Mr. Harris.
UNK: And I've already told you, I don't know anything about that.
Beckett : Okay, well, how about this?
Beckett : Bailey slept with Holly Franklin and Ron Hill's wife, Lisa,
Beckett : to steal KPW secrets for your negotiation.
Beckett : Did you know about that?
UNK: Oh, come on, Harris,
Castle : this couldn't be Bailey's idea.
Castle : You're his boss,
UNK: and you're Global 12 Consolidated's lead negotiator for the KPW deal.
UNK: So how did it start?
Castle : Did you happen to see Bail out one night at some bar,
Castle : working his magic?
UNK: Realized that you could use his ability to your advantage?