Esposito : Hey. So I can't find any next-of-kin on the guy.
Esposito : Parents died years ago, there's no siblings, no nothing.
Esposito : You okay? I'm fine.
Beckett : So then everything Bailey told Holly about himself was a lie.
UNK: Hmm. CASTLE : Maybe that was his shtick.
Castle : In from out of town, family guy, own business.
Castle : That's how he got women in bed.
Ryan : Whatever his reason for lying to Holly,
Ryan : I'm betting that our killer is whoever Bailey slept with earlier in the day.
Ryan : She got on to his philandering and got even.
Beckett : All right. Go through his phone records. We got to find that other woman.
UNK: EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST
ALEXIS : Good morning, Dad. CASTLE : Good morning.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Darling, where's your credit card?
Castle : I liked "Good morning" better.
Lanie : Let me ask you two something.
Castle : If you found out a man was cheating on you,
Castle : how would you kill him?
Martha : Knife. To the heart.
Castle : All right. What if you don't have the stomach for that?
Alexis : Shoot him.
Castle : You don't have the stomach for that either.
UNK: What's wrong with our stomachs? There's always poison.
Martha : True. Watch him writhe and suffer.
Alexis : Die like the rodent he is.
Castle : Wow. All these years writing about murderers,
Castle : I had no idea I was living among them.
Castle : Speaking of murder, what's the credit card for?
Alexis : We're going shopping to pick out my dress
Alexis : to be your date at Ryan's wedding.
Castle : What's wrong with the ones you have?
Martha : Darling, beauty does not happen by accident.
UNK: And that's why when it goes unappreciated by cheating scum,
Alexis : we want revenge.
Castle : Even their hypothetical fury is unnerving.
Castle : William Congreve had it right when he talked about scorned women.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you haven't heard what I would do.
Castle : Yeah, I don't think I ever want to know.
Beckett : Hey, guys. Any luck tracking down Bailey's other woman?
Esposito : A lot of luck.
Castle : It's like the beginning of The Bachelor.
Castle : But without the Appletinis.
Beckett : Bailey was involved with all of them?
Ryan : Yeah, and each of them thought they were his one and only.
Castle : That's a lot of scorned women.
Castle : And a lot of fury.
Beckett : Yeah, yeah, I don't get it.
UNK: How does an average-looking guy with a dime-a-dozen analyst job
UNK: end up dating all these gorgeous women?
Beckett : By lying to them.
Esposito : Actually, he wasn't lying to these women,
Esposito : at least not about who he was anyway.
Esposito : They all knew him by his real name.
Castle : Then why would he tell Holly that he was Jake from Chicago?
Beckett : Was Bailey with any of those women between 4 : 00 and 6 : 00 yesterday?
Esposito : So far, no.
Esposito : But they all deny knowing that he was even in the city.
Esposito : A month ago, he told every one of them he was going to Europe for six weeks.
Castle : A month ago? So why'd he come back early?
Esposito : He never went. And as far as I can tell from his credit card use,
Esposito : he never even left New York.
Beckett : So why tell them that he was leaving?
Beckett : I mean, was that just a cowardly way of breaking up with them?
ESPOSITO : I think there's something else going on.
Esposito : I called the personnel department at Global 12 Consolidated,
UNK: and they said that he's been on leave of absence for the last month.
CASTLE : That's a big month.
Castle : Taking a leave from work and your girlfriends.
RYAN : And his apartment.
Ryan : Doorman at Bailey's building said that for the past month,
Ryan : he's only spent a couple of nights a week there.
Ryan : Past month?
Ryan : Yeah, he wasn't there at all yesterday, so that's not where he was poisoned.