Esposito : during the whole poison time window.
Esposito : He asked not to be disturbed.
CASTLE : Yeah, I bet.
Castle : Because sexpionage can be so much more demanding than espionage.
UNK: True. So I'm guessing he had a visitor.
UNK: Yep. Someone who'd been the re a few times before.
UNK: Security-cam photo capture.
Castle : Look familiar?
UNK: Ron Hill : If we could focus on the third quarter,
UNK: Ron Hill : I believe that would be the most productive way to move forward.
UNK: KNOCKING
BECKETT : Excuse me.
Beckett : Sorry to interrupt again.
Amy : What's up, Seth?
Harris : Nothing. Nothing at all.
Harris : Look, Detective, I have already told you
Harris : everything that I know about Michael Bailey.
Harris : Now please, leave.
Beckett : Actually, we're not here for you, Mr. Harris.
UNK: Ron Hill : That would be the SEC. Soon.
Beckett : Today, we are here for a woman.
Beckett : Someone who works for KPW and also knew Michael Bailey.
Beckett : Your C.O.O., Amy Kemp.
Beckett : You are under arrest for the murder of Michael Bailey.
Amy : Pleasure doing business with you, Seth.
BECKETT : Let's go. HANDCUFFS CLICKING
CASTLE : She said killing him was just business.
Castle : He had to die to prote ct the corporate secrets.
UNK: I guess the fact that he won't be around to dupe other women
UNK: was an added benefit.
UNK: Bailey worked her like all the other women.
UNK: Made her feel special, got her to fall for him.
UNK: But somewhere along the way, she figured out what he was up to.
Ryan : I'm just glad I'm out of the game.
UNK: CHUCKLES Oh!
Castle : The games are only beginning for you, my friend.
Beckett : Hey. So what's up with your plus-one?
UNK: Oh!
Esposito : It's on. That's all I'm saying.
UNK: ORGAN PLAYING
Esposito : Lanie, hey.
Lanie : Hello, Javier.
Lanie : This is Toby.
Toby : Pleased to meet you.
Esposito : Yeah. You, too.
Esposito : This is Jody.
Lanie : Nice to meet you.
UNK: Pleasure.
UNK: Harris's Secretary : Excuse me, I need to find the ladies' room.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: You two talk. I'll get us seats.
Lanie : Thank you, Toby.
Esposito : Toby, huh? What do you mean, "Toby, huh?"
Ryan : I don't know. You tell me.
Lanie : You and I broke up two months ago,
Lanie : so unless you thought I joined a convent,
Lanie : you need to ta ke a step back.
UNK: So, you two serious now? Yeah, we're serious...
Lanie : About dancing.
Lanie : That's why his boyfriend let me borrow him.
Lanie : Besides, I figured I'd need somebody to keep me company
UNK: while you flirted with all of Jenny's sorority sisters.
UNK: Toby's boyfriend?
Lanie : And I seem to recall you here with the center for the New York Liberty.
Esposito : She's my cousin.
Esposito : I heard you were coming with a date
Esposito : so I thought I had to have somebody...
Esposito : You look great, you know.
Lanie : Yeah, I know.
Esposito : Can I show you to your seat?
Lanie : That would be nice.
BECKETT : Castle!
Beckett : You look like a lost puppy.
Beckett : Where's your date?
Castle : At a Lady Gaga concert with a teenage boy.
Castle : How do I compete with that?
Beckett : Oh, no. I'm sorry.
Castle : Yeah. Me, too. I hate going to weddings alone.
Beckett : Well, maybe we could be each other's plus-one.
Castle : Yeah. And then avoid the stigma of sitting at the singles table.
Castle : Yes. That would be nice. I would like that.
Beckett : Oh, look at him. He looks so happy.
UNK: Hey! I'm so glad you're here.
Beckett : Where else are we gonna be? You look fantastic.
Esposito : Yeah. We clean up pretty nice, huh?
Castle : Oh, Jenny, you look amazing.
Jenny : Thank you, Rick.
Beckett : No. No, no, no, no. You can't see her yet.
Castle : Kevin, you are a lucky man.
Ryan : Don't I know it.
Esposito : Ready, bro?
Ryan : I think so.
Beckett : Okay, we're gonn a see you in there.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You know, I gotta say, I kind of envy him.
Beckett : Well, who knows, Castle? Maybe third time's a charm.
UNK: BELLS TOLLING
Castle : Yeah. Could be.
Castle : Shall we?
UNK: Yeah.