Colette : I fought with all of my strength, but it was in vain.
UNK: I bet you did.
Castle : Did you report this?
Colette : No, they said they'd kill him if I did.
Colette : That's why I was trying to find him the next day,
Colette : to see if they'd let him go.
Colette : But they killed him. The ruffians killed him.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. And where did this all happen?
Colette : On the street. For all to see.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Corner of Washington and Greenwich. ATM cam.
Ryan : This is where Colette said the abduction went down,
Ryan : but I've been over it, and there's nothing.
Beckett : All right. Unless you guys are enjoying the Warhol-esque quality of this,
Beckett : we can just shut it down.
UNK: I'm going to go and check on Esposito, see where he's at with Colette's alibi.
UNK: Wait. There's Bailey.
RYAN : And here comes Colette.
BECKETT : Seriously?
UNK: Whoa.
Colette : Ruffians in ski masks.
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Ryan : Oh! Looks like Colette just broke that ruffian's nose.
UNK: The fake ID, bricks of cash, brazen abduction...
UNK: CHUCKLING He really was Jason Bourne!
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Castle : Can't you see it? Bailey is in covert ops.
Castle : They placed him at a giant multinational company,
UNK: Global 12 Consolidated, as a cover.
Castle : Then, a month ago, they activate him.
Castle : They give him an alias, you know, back story.
Castle : They give him unlimited walking-around money.
Castle : And then somehow the enemy gets to him.
Castle : They grab him off the street.
Castle : He manages to escape, so they exploit his Achilles' heel,
Castle : his love of beautiful women.
Castle : They send in a sup er sexy secret agent,
UNK: she seduces him and th en kills him by feeding him a poison protein shake.
Beckett : I can't think of anything better.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Okay. Thank you.
Beckett : The CIA, the FBI, and the DHS have never heard of Bailey or his alias.
Castle : Do you really think they'd tell you if they did?
Ryan : Hey, Tech just got the plate number o ff the kidnappers' car.
UNK: I thought the plates weren't visible on the ATM footage.
Ryan : They weren't. But I found a traffic cam the block where they were.
UNK: Car's registered to a Pablo Barnes, 28, insurance salesman.
Castle : That's probably a cover, too.
Beckett : Did you get an address?
Ryan : Sure did.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
Beckett : Where's Espo?
Ryan : In the break room, trying to score his plus-one.
Beckett : Espo, let's go.
UNK: SCREAMS Oh!
UNK: Sorry. I gotta go. I gotta go.
Esposito : I was this close to getting my plus-one.
Castle : Hey, relax, man. It happens to a lot of guys.
Castle : Get a little excited. Lose control of your steamer.
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands right now!
UNK: Don't shoot, don't shoot! ALL SHOUTING
Esposito : Don't move!
Woman : What the hell, Pablo?
Ryan : Pablo Barnes? Yeah, please don't shoot.
UNK: Max Landon : I don't know what you're doing here, but we didn't do anything.
Ryan : Broken nose. Other masked man.
Beckett : Espo, get him, too.
ESPOSITO : Turn around!
MAX : All right, seriously, I don't know why... You guys have the wrong...
UNK: GROANING
Max : Does it have to be that tight? It's very tight... Ow!
UNK: CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Hey, Bolero.
Castle : Just like in the hotel.
Pablo : See, I told you we were badass. Ah!
BECKETT : That's your car, Pablo.
Beckett : What were you and Bailey up to? And why did you kill him?
UNK: Wait. Are you telling me Mike's dead?
Beckett : Cut the act, Pablo. We know you kidnapped him two days ago. Why?
UNK: No, no. It's not what it looks like. It's an exstalktion.
UNK: Ex-stalk-what?
UNK: Mike's our buddy.