Phoebe : - Oh, my. - What?
Phoebe : She wants to meet you in person.
Chandler : Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too
Chandler : okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Phoebe : What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy.
Phoebe : I mean you don't get chances like this all the time,
Phoebe : if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself
Phoebe : when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Joey : I don't know.
UNK: Listen, those bingbongs are the woman who loves you.
Chandler : Okay, I'll do it!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah! Okay! Great!
Phoebe : Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her!
Phoebe : Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww.
Phoebe : No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first.
Phoebe : No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Monica : Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Richard : Okay, last chance.
Richard : Again, I'm sorry.
Monica : You know what, maybe I don't need to have children.
Monica : You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society
Monica : and by that I mean my mom,
Monica : has always convinced me that I...
Joey : I do,
Monica : I have to have children, I'm sorry. I just do.
UNK: Best Man : Yo! Can I have your attention, please,
UNK: Best Man : Best Man, making a toast here.
UNK: Wedding Planner : Thank you.
UNK: Best Man : I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
UNK: What?!
UNK: What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech.
UNK: Best Man : Thank you, thank you very much.
UNK: Best Man : Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together.
UNK: [scene : And Rachel...
Monica : - What. - No, no, no now in all seriousness,
UNK: Best Man : its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight
UNK: Best Man : and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
Ross : Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Rachel : Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Ross : Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Rachel : Oh dear God.