Castle : What is it with professional sports?
Castle : I mean, even the agencies are on steroids.
Beckett : Well, Fox's client list is a veritable who's who of star athletes.
Beckett : 5% of their endorsements and salaries,
UNK: he could pay for half of lower Manhattan.
Castle : - Did you just use the word "veritable"? - Yes, I did.
Castle : - Sexy. - You should hear me say "fallacious."
Receptionist : Bobby Fox Agency, please hold. Can I help you?
Beckett : - I need to see Mr. Fox. - Do you have an appointment?
Beckett : - I think he can squeeze me in. Rick? Rick Castle?
Castle : Hey, Skipper! I have not seen you since the big move. How are you, Joe?
Torre : Pretty awful. I just can't believe this whole Vega thing.
Castle : I know, it's sad. And you two were friends. I'm sorry.
Torre : Yeah, he was a great kid.
Torre : He had the ability to be a Cuban Roberto Clemente.
Torre : It's just been very sad.
Castle : We're actually here to talk to Mr. Fox about it. This is Detective Kate Beckett.
Alexis : - Hi. - Beckett! Kate.
Beckett : Detective. Thank you.
Torre : Very nice meeting you.
Torre : Well, good luck on the case. And I'll say a prayer for you guys.
UNK: Thanks.
Torre : By the way, say hi to your mom for me, okay?
Castle : - Will do, Joe. - Okay.
Castle : - Smooth. - That was Joe freaking Torre!
Beckett : I gotta call my dad.
UNK: The office is over... Yeah, his office is...
UNK: He was a good guy, Cano.
Fox : He built that field because he wanted to give back.
Fox : I think that's why he went to Cuba.
Fox : He wanted to see if he could do something good.
Fox : But I guess things hadn't changed as much as he had hoped for.
Beckett : - What happened? - He had spent some time in Havana,
Fox : with the people. He came back pretty upset,
Fox : and he told me to give the tourism guys back their signing bonus.
Fox : First time I ever let a client give money back.
Fox : But I figured, you know, Cano was reneging on a military dictatorship.
Fox : These are not the people you want angry at you,
Fox : especially having defected from them 18 years ago.
Castle : He risked his life to leave.
Castle : Why would you want him to be the poster boy for the new Cuba?
Castle : I didn't.
Fox : I was just as surprised as anyone that he wanted to do it.
Fox : After everything I did to get him out back then. Have you heard this story?
Martha : - No. - You're gonna like this, Castle.
Fox : It's like one of your books. It was the '92 Olympics.
Fox : The Cubans had just won gold in Barcelona, thanks mostly to Cano.
Fox : And I wanted to get him to the States to play in the bigs.
Fox : Now, convincing him was the easy part. Getting him onto my plane?
Fox : That was the hard part. We had to get past coaches, minders,
Fox : 'cause he had his tentacles around everybody.
Fox : We were caught. Sunk. The firing squad, I kid you not,
Fox : was waiting for that kid back in Havana.
UNK: Rolex.
Fox : I gave him my shiny new Rolex, and he just looked the other way.
Fox : Just goes to show you, every socialist is a capitalist when backs are turned.
Beckett : Is it possible that he took the Cuba job because he needed the money?
Fox : Well, it's possible, yes.
Fox : God knows those guys know how to blow through money.
Fox : Plus, he has that club with Tommy that's just a money pit.
Beckett : So, in regards to the Cuba job, who else went on this trip?
Fox : Well, a couple of low-level Cuban diplomats.
Fox : I'll have Cynthia get you a list.
Beckett : So what made him go to Cuba and then what made him change his mind?
Castle : Maybe Vega worked for the State Department.
Castle : Maybe he was sent to shake hands with Fidel in a secret attempt
Castle : to release a bio-toxin into his system.
Castle : Well, the Russians sprayed sushi with radioactive polonium.
Castle : What's more far-fetched?
Beckett : Well, I just met Joe Torre,
Beckett : so I guess anything's possible.
UNK: Beckett.
Perlmutter : Cause of death was cerebral hemorrhaging, as expected.