Ryan : - Well? - We'll check his alibi,
Beckett : but my gut tells me it's not him.
Castle : We should get a warrant, run his subscribers
Castle : against any hate mail that the Vegas might have gotten.
Montgomery : You sure you got no cop in the Castle family tree?
Castle : No, us Castles are mostly con artists and circus folk, sir.
Montgromery : No, I think there's a little cop in there somewhere.
Beckett : - Con artists and circus people, huh? - Yeah, and mind-readers.
Beckett : Really? So tell me what I'm thinking.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : You're... You're thinking...
Castle : You don't care and you want me to stop talking?
Beckett : - Ooh, that's uncanny. - It's in the blood.
Esposito : - Yo, Beckett? - Yeah.
Esposito : Just got back from CSU. They managed to track the blood trail
Esposito : from the killer's shoe across the park. It dead-ended at the curb.
Beckett : - So our killer was driving a car. - Yeah. The area was a little muddy,
Esposito : so we were able to pull a partial on the tire.
Beckett : - Any make and model? - Better. The tire marks are distinctive.
UNK: They'd been patched in two spots. Now, those same tire tracks
Esposito : match a car that was tagged in an aggravated assault last year.
Esposito : The assault was committed with a baseball bat by one Anton Wade.
UNK: Loan-sharking, blackmail...
Esposito : Plus assault with a deadly weapon, and two A and Bs. Assault and battery.
Castle : - I know. - Right.
Esposito : The guy's one seriously bad dude.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh, I'm sensing something here,
Castle : that this guy might just be our killer.
Beckett : Mr. Wade, we have you at the baseball field.
Beckett : Your car was at the crime scene, not to mention your unfortunate history
Beckett : of hitting people with baseball bats. All of that's enough to send you away,
Beckett : so you can play dumb or you can play ball.
Castle : Pun intended.
Wade : All right, I was there, but I didn't kill him. He was already dead.
UNK: And you were just paying the corpse a visit?
UNK: He called me and asked me to meet up with him,
Wade : and when I got there, I knew how it looked,
UNK: so I bounced the hell up out of there.
Beckett : Why would Vega call you?
Wade : He wanted to make a payment on his loan.
Wade : He always paid the same way. Cash in a plain envelope.
Wade : I saw it on him, I took it.
Castle : The guy's a multi-millionaire, you're a petty loan shark.
Castle : What's he doing borrowing money from you?
Wade : In my business, you don't ask, you don't tell.
Beckett : How much money did he borrow?
UNK: Came to me a couple of weeks back, needed 200 grand. In my experience,
Wade : if you need that kind of coin, he got himself into some real bad trouble.
Wade : - The kind of trouble that gets you killed. - Or maybe he couldn't pay your vig.
Wade : A guy owing you money, killing him ain't gonna get you paid.
Wade : You take his bling, you jack him for his ride,
Wade : you maybe even bust his kneecaps. But he made his last installment.
Wade : Vega made his vig. We were good.
Beckett : Vega's wife didn't know anything about the 200 grand.
Castle : It doesn't make sense.
Castle : With his assets, a guy like Cano Vega could get a loan from any bank
Castle : in New York City, so why go to a loan shark for $200,000?
Montgomery : 'Cause bank loans take time. Loan sharks give it to you right away,
Montgomery : - maybe he needed the money fast. - Maybe he needed it kept quiet.
Castle : Loan sharks don't require paperwork, credit checks.
Castle : Maybe he didn't want his wife to know.
Beckett : Vega didn't want his wife to know why he was going to Cuba either.
Montgomery : So you think his trip and the money are related?
Beckett : Well, a week after he gets back, he suddenly needs 200,000?
Beckett : Stands to reason that the two are connected somehow.
UNK: Yo, we just finished the search of Wade's apartment.
Esposito : We found a match of the partial shoe print.
Ryan : Yeah, but here's the weird thing. It tested positive for blood on the sole,
Ryan : but negative for blood on the rest of the shoe,
Ryan : and negative for cleaning agents.
Beckett : If Wade killed Vega, then his shoe would've been covered in blood.