Ryan : Looks like dirt. - Get CSU down here.
Tommy : You guys?
Beckett : There's blood.
Perlmutter : - It's definitely Vega's. - And the footprint?
Perlmutter : That's harder to nail down. The composition of the dirt
Perlmutter : is pretty similar to dirt anywhere in the city.
Beckett : So, we can't actually prove that she was at the scene?
Perlmutter : I just said it's harder. But there were traces
Perlmutter : - of titanium dioxide in the dirt. - Chalk.
Beckett : Like what they use to trace lines on baseball fields.
Castle : So she heads to the field, takes a little batting practice
Castle : on Vega's head, heads home, packs her things, hits the road.
Beckett : Giving a whole new meaning to the term "hit and run."
UNK: Beckett. B-E-C-K-E-double T. Badge 41319.
Beckett : I need a TSA hold on a potential fugitive. Yes, I'll hold.
Esposito : Uniforms are circulating that picture of Lara we got from Quintana.
Esposito : They're plastering it on every storefront within a mile of her place.
Montgomery : - So it was the girl? - Evidence looks that way.
UNK: We figure she honey-trapped Vega into giving her tickets out of Cuba,
UNK: and once she got here, he wanted a little more
Beckett : than she was willing to give, and things went south from there.
Esposito : Maybe it was the Cuban government all along.
Castle : They hated Vega for defecting, so they sent a beautiful spy for him
Castle : to fall in love with. It works.
Castle : He smuggles her back home, and bam, he's dead.
Montgomery : Sounds like a Castle story.
UNK: Yes, I need a detain-and-contain. All no-fly protocols. Thank you.
Castle : Though we really should stake out the consulate.
Beckett : Way ahead of you. Surveillance has been there for about an hour.
UNK: If she killed him out of self-defense,
Beckett : then she'd go back to the devil she knows.
UNK: And yet I'm sensing skepticism on my theory.
Ryan : Yeah, thanks. - Mind-reader.
Ryan : Well, you're both geniuses. That was our guys at the consulate.
Ryan : They just spotted Lara walking right through the door.
Sanchez : I don't know what to tell you. I've never seen that girl before.
Castle : Well, then you should invest in some corrective lenses.
Castle : Our surveillance team saw her coming in here not half an hour ago.
Castle : Surveillance team? You're watching us now?
Beckett : Only within the scope of the law.
Castle : The watcher becomes the watched. I'm a big fan of irony. Ask her.
Sanchez : She's a Cuban citizen requesting asylum.
Beckett : She's a suspect in a murder investigation.
Sanchez : And you expect me just to hand her over
Sanchez : to the American authorities?
Beckett : a country's consulate and its embassy have a different set of rights
Beckett : and privileges. This is only a consulate. You do not have diplomatic immunity.
Beckett : Produce the girl now, or I will get a search warrant
Beckett : and make a public spectacle of your government harboring a criminal
Beckett : on American soil.
UNK: Ouch.
UNK: No, I did not kill him. Please, you have to believe.
Beckett : Then why did you run? Why did you try to go back to Cuba?
Lara : I was afraid the man will kill me, too.
Beckett : - What man? - The one who come the night he died,
Lara : he come to...
UNK: The apartment. Came to the apartment.
UNK: There is a man who came to the apartment
Beckett : the night that Vega died, and that's why you were running?
Lara : He kill my father.
Castle : - Your father? - Vega.
Castle : Cano Vega is your father?
Beckett : Okay, Lara, take us from the beginning.
Lara : Vega and my mother...
Esposito : Vega and her mother were engaged when he defected.
UNK: She was supposed to come, but she didn't.
Esposito : As punishment for what Vega did, they threw her mother in prison.