Maggie : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle, Tommy Zane, Cano's old teammate.
UNK: It'd be hard to be a New Yorker and not know "Freight Train" Tommy Zane.
Tommy : - So you guys got any leads? - We're looking into it.
Beckett : Mr. Zane, you said that Mr. Vega was at your club last night?
Tommy : Our club, actually. Cano and I owned it with a couple of other players.
Beckett : Do you know about what time?
UNK: Dropped by about 7 : 00. Left about 7 : 30.
UNK: I didn't really see him, I was with a friend.
UNK: Excuse me. Yes?
Beckett : Mrs. Vega, do you know of anyone who would've wanted to hurt your husband?
Maggie : Used to be everybody loved him, especially in the Cuban community.
Beckett : - What changed? - The trip.
Maggie : A few months ago, the Cuban Tourism Department approached him.
Maggie : They wanted Cano to be the poster boy for the New Cuba.
Castle : You risk your life to escape Castro's Cuba.
Castle : Why would you go back to visit?
Maggie : While Cano was down there, the locals treated him like a hero.
Maggie : Their hero. At a state dinner, Castro came over and shook his hand.
Maggie : When he got home, his friends called him a traitor for going,
UNK: said he was a lap dog for Fidel. The same people who cheered
Maggie : when he built that ballpark came up and told him to go to hell.
Beckett : - Did he get any threats? You bet he got threats.
UNK: Bobby Fox : Hundreds of them. And all of them courtesy of Alfredo Quintana.
Maggie : - Detective, Bobby Fox, Cano's agent. - Nice to meet you.
Fox : Detective, could you do something to get those jackals and their cameras
Fox : away from Mrs. Vega's house?
Beckett : I'll see what I can do. - Thanks.
Beckett : - Who's Alfredo Quintana? - He's the guy who killed Cano Vega.
Ryan : Thanks, Carlos. Hey.
Ryan : a newspaper published by his foundation,
Ryan : primarily for the Cuban community. This is his column from two weeks ago.
Beckett : "Cano Vega Must Pay"?
Ryan : The article's about how Vega betrayed the Cuban community
Ryan : by shaking hands with the monster who butchered thousands of their relatives.
UNK: Quintana says, "If Vega's going to embrace the brutal regime
UNK: "he once escaped, he would do well to be reminded of its barbarous cruelty."
Castle : Well, that sounds like a threat to me.
Quintana : I wasn't threatening him.
Beckett : You turned the local Cuban community against him.
Quintana : He turned his back on his people when he gave Castro his nod of approval.
Quintana : If you want me to be sorry about what I wrote because he's dead, I'm not!
Quintana : I wrote the truth.
Castle : Are you sure that's all you did?
Castle : You said it yourself in your editorial, "Vega should pay."
Quintana : It's a free country, isn't it? I'm entitled to express my opinion.
Beckett : Your foundation, Cubans First, is on East 98th St.
Beckett : That's three blocks away from the field where Vega's body was found.
Quintana : You think I had something to do with his murder?
Castle : Well, the pen is mightier than the sword,
Castle : but a baseball bat can be pretty effective, too.
UNK: Where were you last night between 7 : 00 and 10 : 00 p. M?
Quintana : I was at home with my wife.
UNK: Mmm. Wives make such convenient alibis.
Quintana : My sons were there as well. As well as my brother.
Castle : Do you have anyone who wasn't blood-related?
Castle : A notary, perhaps?
Quintana : Look, what Cano Vega did is inexcusable,
Quintana : but I am not a murderer!
Beckett : Are you sure about that, Mr. Quintana?
Beckett : You incited an entire community against him,
Beckett : so from where I'm standing, you might not have swung that bat,
Beckett : but that doesn't mean that you didn't kill him.