Esposito : Maybe it wasn't Cuba. Maybe it was the girl.
Ryan : That could explain the 200 grand. Maybe he needed it for the girl.
Beckett : And why he needed to borrow money from a loan shark
Beckett : - without her finding out. But Maggie Vega did find out.
Castle : So, she decides she's not gonna take it anymore.
Castle : She considers divorce, but thought about the endless hours of scrutiny,
Castle : - the public humiliation in the media... - Not to mention that she'd only get half.
Ryan : - Assuming there's no pre-nup. - But if she kills him,
Beckett : - she gets everything. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : She knows where he's gonna be alone, at night. She goes there.
Castle : He trusts her, lets his guard down. She moves in close...
Beckett : She smiles, picks up a bat, thinks of everything that he's done to her,
Beckett : starts with the family jewels and ends with the family fortune.
Maggie : This is crazy. Why would I kill my husband?
Beckett : Because you thought he was having an affair.
Castle : You know. How?
Beckett : It doesn't matter how we know. What matters is that you didn't tell us.
Maggie : It was a private matter between Cano and me.
Beckett : It's also motive. Mrs. Vega, where were you on the night
Beckett : - of your husband's murder? - At home. Alone.
Maggie : You can check the security tapes if you want.
Maggie : So, it's true, then? He was seeing someone else?
Castle : We don't know that for sure.
Beckett : I do.
Maggie : He was in love with her. Her name is Lara.
Castle : Who is she?
Maggie : I don't know. I've torn this house upside down looking for a clue.
Maggie : That note is the only thing I've found.
UNK: 2l16. That's the day before the murder.
Martha : - Yeah. - He went into the city that day.
UNK: Didn't get home until 10 : 30. That's when I knew.
Beckett : Mrs. Vega, this woman is possibly involved in your husband's murder.
Beckett : Why didn't you tell us this before?
Esposito : Because I... I just didn't want it to be true.
Ryan : Home security videos confirm Mrs. Vega's story
Ryan : and CSU tested negative for blood at Tommy Zane's place.
Beckett : - Where are we on the girl? - Just finished combing through
Esposito : Vega's Internet records. There are no IMs, e-mails
Esposito : or Internet browser searches
Esposito : connecting him in any way, shape, or form to a Lara.
UNK: Phones are a dead-end, too. No one who called or was called by Vega
Ryan : in the last two months remembers him mentioning anyone named Lara.
Castle : Well, for a guy who's supposedly in love, he doesn't do a very good job
Castle : - keeping in touch with his girl. - Some guys are just hopeless.
Ryan : Hey, honey. Yeah, I was just thinking about you, thought I'd call you.
Ryan : Well, I just wanted to call to say I miss you. Yeah.
Esposito : Some guys are just pathetic.
Castle : Don't be jealous. He still loves you.
Beckett : Vega met with her the day before he died,
Beckett : so let's put photos out to all precincts and have uniforms canvass the area
Beckett : around the field. Maybe somebody saw her the night that he was killed.
Alexis : - Beckett. - Yes, sir.
Montgomery : - How we doing on the Cuba angle? - Nothing yet. Why?
Montgomery : Just got a call from the lieu over in Union City, New Jersey.
Montgomery : Vega was involved in a shouting match at a restaurant in Little Havana
Montgomery : with one of their regulars. Apparently the cops were called in to break it up.
Beckett : Why wasn't there an incident report?
Montgomery : Cops kept it quiet at the time at the request of the Cuban Consulate.
Castle : - Because of Vega? - No,
UNK: head of the Cuba Consulate in New York.
Beckett : He was one of the diplomats that took Vega to Cuba.
Castle : - What did they fight about? - I don't know,
Montgomery : but seeing that they were in Cuba together, I suggest you find out.
Sanchez : On the night of the 17th I was here, at the consulate.