Esposito : - She was pregnant with her at the time. - Did Vega know about this?
UNK: Not until a couple months ago, when he heard a rumor
Esposito : - that he had a daughter. - That's why Vega went to Cuba.
Castle : To see if he really did have a daughter.
Esposito : They didn't actually meet because the government was watching them.
Esposito : But he got her a message saying that he would get her out
Esposito : as soon as he could.
Lara : The first time I meet my father was three nights ago,
Lara : and I want to tell him how much suffering he caused.
Esposito : She grew up believing that her father had abandoned her mother to get rich,
UNK: but he told her that wasn't true, that he only defected
Esposito : because her mother said that she was going to as well.
UNK: But she changed her mind at the last minute.
Esposito : All these years he had thought that she had turned her back on him.
Esposito : He never knew that they... That the government had made
Esposito : an example of him to all the other players.
Esposito : He never knew that she had died in prison.
Lara : My father is very upset when I tell him this.
Lara : He said he need to talk to someone. He give me money for food.
Lara : I never see him again.
Beckett : You said earlier that there was a man at the apartment?
Lara : When I go to the market to go buy food, when I come back,
Lara : I see a man at the apartment. Not my father.
Lara : I was so scared, so I leave. Then I hear Cano Vega is dead.
Lara : So I run and I hide. I just wanted to go home.
Lara : He kill my father.
Beckett : This man who came to your apartment, can you describe him for me?
UNK: Yes.
Fox : Let me get this straight.
Fox : An illegal claiming to be Cano Vega's daughter,
Fox : after being in this country for less than 24 hours,
Fox : identifies someone who kind of looks like me, from a distance, at night.
UNK: Well, gee, guys, what am I... What, do I sign my confession right now
Fox : or after the big press conference?
Castle : Now's good.
Fox : Come on, kids, come on. You know he was my friend,
Fox : not to mention a hefty commission. What's my motive?
Beckett : The thing about people who have a lot, Mr. Fox,
Beckett : is that they have the most to lose.
Beckett : I'm sure Vega felt betrayed when he learned the truth.
Fox : The truth? About what?
UNK: Your favorite story.
Castle : Barcelona, 1992, only you left out the part where you lied to Cano Vega
Fox : It's not my fault that she changed her mind, all right?
Sanchez : Truth is, you couldn't get her off the island,
Castle : but you did know that he'd rather be there with her
Castle : than here making big bucks for you in the Majors.
Beckett : So you let him believe that she had changed her mind,
Beckett : and to keep him from ever finding out the truth, you had her put away.
Fox : Put away? In Cuba?
Fox : Come on! I have a lot of pull,
Fox : but influencing a military dictatorship isn't as easy
Fox : as getting a dinner reservation at Le Cirque.
Castle : You'd influenced their people before.
Castle : You walked away with the star player of the Cuban national team for a Rolex.
Beckett : We did a little research. He was the chief witness at her trial.
Castle : or did you have to pay extra for that? I've heard you're a killer negotiator.
Fox : You can't possibly be serious.
Beckett : When Vega figured out what you had done,
Beckett : he called you from his club and told you to meet him.
Beckett : I think he came after you and threatened to destroy you,
Beckett : - and that's why you killed him. - It's a hell of a story, kids.
Fox : when the Cuban government was sending away people every day?
Fox : That's a hell of a tale. It's pure conjecture.
Beckett : You know what's not conjecture?
Beckett : The blood that we found on the driver's side floor mat in your car.
Beckett : That was Vega's blood.
Castle : As much as you tried to clean those $5,000 pair of shoes
Castle : you were wearing while you smashed Vega's skull in,
Castle : you didn't quite get all of it.
Fox : Hello, Cynthia. Call my lawyer. You tell him he's about to earn
Fox : the outrageous, obscene amounts of money I pay him.