Sanchez : You don't really think I killed Cano Vega, do you?
Beckett : Given his change of heart in Cuba, I can't imagine that the two of you
Beckett : were the best of friends.
Sanchez : You could say the same thing about most of the Cuban community here.
Castle : Yes, but how many of them ended up dead
Castle : after fighting with you in a restaurant?
Sanchez : I was minding my own business.
Sanchez : Vega was the one who decided to pick a fight with me.
UNK: Why?
Sanchez : I was in charge of his schedule in Cuba. I guess he didn't like to be told
Sanchez : what to do or where to go.
Castle : Sounds like you kept him on a pretty tight leash.
Sanchez : We did a counter-revolutionary the courtesy of allowing him back
Sanchez : on our soil. We weren't about to just let him wander around.
Beckett : So you would know better than anyone else
Beckett : - what Vega did on his trip? - It's my job.
UNK: Everyone we spoke to about Vega says he came back from Cuba
Castle : a different man. What happened to him down there?
Sanchez : He was very emotional the whole time he was there, talking to the locals,
Sanchez : feeling sorry for them because they were poor and he was rich.
Sanchez : Truth is, he felt guilty.
Beckett : When Vega returned, he borrowed $200,000 in cash.
Beckett : Is it possible that he was trying to funnel money to the island?
Beckett : - Help some of the locals out, maybe? - Not on my watch.
Castle : Yeah, you can't have that. Rich people sharing their wealth.
Castle : - That's, like, socialism. Please.
Sanchez : The truth is that Cano Vega, like all Americans, was spoiled.
Sanchez : When the poverty was before his eyes, it's an unspeakable tragedy,
Sanchez : and then, out of sight, out of mind.
Sanchez : He didn't know that I was aware, but do you want to know the thing
Sanchez : that interested Vega most about Cuba? A girl.
Beckett : What girl?
Sanchez : He met a lot of locals, kissed a lot of babies.
Sanchez : I can only assume it was a pretty young thing he met
Sanchez : - while he was touring the island. - Do you know her name?
Sanchez : Lara. Her name was Lara.
Beckett : He couldn't have just pulled the name Lara out of thin air.
Castle : According to the note that the wife found,
Castle : Vega and Lara were supposed to meet the night before he was murdered.
Castle : Now how were they supposed to do that if she's stuck in Cuba?
Beckett : If she's stuck on the island, how did she end up in that photo
Beckett : with Vega at his club?
UNK: Man, there has to be an explanation that makes this all make sense.
Esposito : There is.
Esposito : The woman standing next to Vega in the picture is not Lara.
Esposito : A resident near the ballpark where Vega was killed ID'd her.
UNK: Her name is Ana. Ana Rivera. She's a waitress in the neighborhood.
Esposito : Uniforms are bringing her in now.
Beckett : - What's her connection to Vega? - Cuba. She escaped six months ago.
Ana : We met at a bar where I work, near his field.
Ana : He heard I'd just come over from Cuba last year
Ana : and he invited me out for drinks.
Beckett : Did you know he was married?
UNK: It wasn't like that. He just wanted to talk, about home.
UNK: He missed it. I think that's why he wanted to go.
Castle : You were photographed with him after the trip.
Castle : - Did he still want to just talk? - Yes.
Ana : He wanted to talk about my trip here from Cuba.
Ana : It was like he was obsessed. He wanted to know how I got out.
Beckett : And what did you tell him?
Beckett : Ana, what did you tell Mr. Vega?
Ana : I said my family knew a man. If you pay him lots of money,
Ana : His boat. It takes you to Jamaica, and then you fly to America.
Ana : It's important that you fly because if you come by boat,
Ana : then they can send you back.
UNK: It's the wet foot, dry foot policy.
Castle : Vega was looking for a way to get his new girlfriend out of Cuba.
Castle : That's the same day Vega died. That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Ana, you told Mr. Vega how to get in touch with the man
Beckett : - who got you out of Cuba? - Yes.
Beckett : Alfredo Quintana? The editor?
Beckett : He lied to us.
Quintana : All right, first you accuse me of killing Vega,
Quintana : then you're saying that I'm helping him,
Quintana : so maybe you guys should make up your mind.
Castle : Well, actually, we made up our minds once we saw the $200,000
Castle : - in your bank account. - That's the exact amount
Beckett : Cano Vega borrowed from a loan shark.
Castle : Since what you were doing was illegal,
Castle : he didn't want there to be any record of it.
Quintana : I don't know what you're talking about.
Quintana : These aren't my accounts, all right? This is the foundation's accounts.
Quintana : My name isn't even on them.
Castle : Which is why you hid the money there. To make it harder for us to find.
Quintana : - These were charitable contributions. - Where's the girl?
Beckett : What girl?
Beckett : Mr. Quintana, you and your foundation are facing human smuggling charges.
Beckett : Do you really want me to add obstruction of justice
Beckett : and aiding and abetting a murderer to that? You like the press, don't you?
Beckett : How are you gonna like being linked to Cano Vega's murder?
Quintana : You know what they'll see?
Quintana : That I saved a girl from under Castro's regime.
Castle : For a price. - Yeah, I would've done it for free.
Castle : Yeah, but you didn't.
Beckett : Are you really ready to stake your entire future
Beckett : on some girl you don't even know?
Quintana : Vega had an apartment for her.
Quintana : I took her there when I got her to the mainland.
Castle : - Where? - Union City. Summit Avenue.
Man : - NYPD! Police! - NYPD! NYPD!