Lily : I hope this doesn't make me look desperate.
Barney : All right, Robin, give it to me.
Robin : Damn it, Barney, you failed my test!
UNK: You know, I try to root for you.
Robin : Even as your ex-girlfriend, when you meet someone, I'm like :
Robin : "Yeah, Barney, go get her!"
Robin : But you know what? Just forget it.
UNK: You'll never change. I'm done trying to help you.
Barney : The number.
Barney : Give me the number, 'cause I really can't tell...
Barney : Is that a seven or a nine?
Robin : It's a five, idiot.
Barney : A fi...? In what moon man language is that a five?
Robin : What does that even mean?
UNK: - How can I see that's a five? - Look how you taped this up...
Barney : I have a phone call to make.
Robin : Go get her.
Ted : I need to ask you something.
Ted : Did I steal you?
Man : You did. By being the kind of sweet,
Zoey : thoughtful guy who'd never even think of stealing someone, you stole me.
Ted : So I'm the bad guy.
Barney : Great.
Zoey : Well, the story isn't over, Ted.
Zoey : It'll be years before we know who's the good guy, who's the bad guy.
Zoey : I mean, yes,
Zoey : divorce sucks, but...
Zoey : sometimes things need to fall apart to make way for better things.
Ted : If you say so.
Zoey : I'm just saying, the eggs are already broken.
Zoey : Let's make sure we get a pretty good omelet out of it.
Lily : Seriously, what's going on?
Marshall : He'll never get to see how I turn out.
Lily : What do you mean?
Marshall : My dad. You know, I used to...
Marshall : I used to always tell him that I'll be an environmental lawyer.
Marshall : And he was always so proud.
Marshall : But he never got to see the me that was anything but...
Marshall : a corporate stooge.
Marshall : Now it's too late.
Marshall : And we're starting a family, you know.
Lily : Are you avoiding sleeping with me 'cause you don't want to start a family?
Marshall : Lily, if we have a baby right now,
Marshall : that is just it for me.
Marshall : The cement will dry, and I will be stuck at GNB forever.
Lily : If you want to quit your job and go work for the NRDC right now,
Lily : then you need to do that right now.
Lily : And then, once you've cleaned up all the oceans and saved the planet,
Lily : you know, like, a year from now,
Lily : then we'll start a family.
Barney : I don't know.
Marshall : So far, in the name of saving the planet,
Marshall : I've ruined your night, I practically broke Wendy's back.
Marshall : And I got Meeker fired. The guy must hate me.
Lily : Meeker doesn't hate you.
UNK: Meeker hated him, all right.
UNK: After all, Marshall was the one who got him fired.
UNK: Meeker knew we all hung out at MacLaren's.
UNK: So that night, he went there to confront Marshall.
UNK: But as luck would have it...
Meeker : - Are you guys... - Closed. Sorry.
Meeker : Rough night?
Marshall : I'm sorry.
Wendy : It's not your fault.
Wendy : It's no one's fault. Except for Marshall Eriksen.
UNK: What did you say?
Wendy : I said it's Marshall Eriksen's fault. Why, do you know him?
Wendy : Know him? I hate that guy.
Barney : Me, too.
UNK: And the rest, as they say...
Ted : is history.
Wendy : And three kids later, we decided to come here on our second honeymoon.
Ted : That's a pretty good omelet.
Wendy : What about you? You still with Zoey?
Ted : That did not end well.
Ted : But it's all for the best,
UNK: 'cause I'm married to an amazing girl, we have two kids.
Ted : It's actually a funny story of how we met.
Ted : I was a best man at this wedding...
Wendy : It's great seeing you, but we got to run.
Ted : Have a safe trip. It was great seeing you.
Ted : You will not believe who I just ran into.