Barney : It's a shame, too.
Barney : She was a really great laser tag partner.
Barney : She's tiny, so she's allowed to push kids.
Robin : Please, Cheese. You like this girl.
Barney : What? Nora? No, I don't.
Robin : Barney, you can't say her name without smiling.
Barney : Sorry, sorry.
Barney : I was thinking of a funny thing that Nora said.
Barney : Stop it.
Barney : - Damn it, what is the matter with me? - You like her.
Robin : - You should call her. - Call her?
UNK: Three things... She had a nice face,
Barney : her booty was in place, but Barney don't chase.
Robin : That is ridiculous.
Robin : Barney, you know what, here's some advice.
Barney : Totally.
Synchro : MiniBen314, Strex, Titou
UNK: Kids, I had just started dating Zoey.
UNK: And when you first start dating someone, everyone wants to know the same thing.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : How did we meet?
Barney : - She doesn't want... - No, it's a cute story.
Ted : Once upon a time...
UNK: Zoey was married to this super rich, super creepy guy, called The Captain.
UNK: So when Zoey and I became friends, I was careful not to cross any lines.
Zoey : This movie is scary.
Ted : I know, right?
UNK: But then one day, Zoey and The Captain had a huge fight.
UNK: He flipped out and demanded a divorce.
UNK: And she was heartbroken.
UNK: But after a little soul-searching,
UNK: she ended up back in my life, and the rest, as they say,
Ted : is history.
Woman : Actually, I said, "How's your meat?"
Ted : A little cold.
Woman : Gee, wonder why.
Zoey : Did you have a chance to pick up that box I left at my old apartment?
Ted : I don't want to see The Captain.
Ted : I mean this in a super manly way.
Ted : That guy scares the panties off me.
Zoey : You don't have to. The box's with the doorman.
Ted : If it's really important to you, I will pick it up tomorrow.
Marshall : All right, guys, I have to go. I have
Marshall : a big meaningless stack of paperwork that I have to get off my desk
Marshall : to make room for tomorrow's big meaningless stack of paperwork.
Marshall : But it's all worth it, you know, 'cause,
Marshall : at least I know I'm making the world a...
Barney : place. All right, see you guys later.
Ted : I'm worried about Marshall. He doesn't seem like himself lately.
Lily : He's been really quiet.
Robin : Well, that's just what Minnesota guys are like...
Robin : Strong, silent, you know, man's man.
Barney : Like Prince.
Lily : No, it's more than that. It's like,
Lily : all the stuff he used to love, he...
Lily : suddenly has no interest in anymore.
Lily : Excuse me?
Barney : In my travels,
Barney : I've developed a finely calibrated sense of how long it's been since...
Barney : How do I not put this delicately? A girl's been porked.
Barney : You've been pork-free so long, you're practically kosher.
Lily : It's been a while.
Barney : Five weeks, three days by my estimation.
Lily : You should work at a carnival.
Barney : I tried. They're pretty strict with backgrounds.
Ted : - Anyway, we should get going. - I'll walk out with you guys.
Robin : - Good night. - Good night, guys.
Barney : 18 weeks.
Barney : Damn it.
Robin : Okay, yes, I am in a bit of a dry spell.
Barney : Child, listen.
Barney : If you're really hurting for it,
Barney : I'd be more than happy to throw you one.
Robin : Throw me one? Yeah.
Barney : We're exes. We're probably due for a backslide.
Barney : Or we could just do it the normal way.
Robin : I see what's going on.
Robin : This is about Nora.
Robin : You met a girl, you liked her,
Robin : but then you missed your shot. And now you're trying to
Robin : hook up with your ex-girlfriend to prove to yourself that you don't care.
Barney : You could not be more... What do you mean I missed my shot?
Robin : - Nora met a guy. - What?!
Barney : What?
Robin : Off the market. He's taking her to Cafe L'Amour this Friday night.
Barney : But "L'Amour" means love! They're going to the cafe of love!
Barney : I'm fine. It's fine. Point is,
Barney : Robin, I don't even like Nora.
Barney : Damn it!
Lily : Why aren't you in bed?
Marshall : I can't sleep.