Barney : What?
Captain : I know who stole my Zoey.
Captain : No man likes to be betrayed,
Captain : especially by a friend.
Captain : You can imagine then
Captain : how painful it was when I learned that the name
Captain : of my betrayer is...
Wendy : Ted...
Captain : when I tell you who it is, you're gonna...
Captain : It's my doorman!
Ted : That son of a bitch!
Ted : You think Zoey's sleeping with the doorman?
Captain : He always winks and tips his hat when he sees her.
Captain : I know how these things work.
Captain : He holds her package, and pretty soon, she's holding his.
Captain : And then there's his glorious mustache.
Captain : I will have him fired for this!
Ted : You can't fire him.
Captain : You're right.
Captain : Maritime protocol demands physical retribution!
Ted : No physical retribution! Stop!
Captain : Who is this flower child,
Captain : and what has he done with my lionhearted friend Ted Mosby?
Ted : Look, yes,
Ted : the doorman is a scoundrel.
Ted : The mustache alone gives that away.
Ted : He's a rake, a rogue, a rapscallion!
Captain : "Rapscallion" may be going a bit far.
Ted : But it's not his fault.
Ted : It's nobody's fault.
Ted : You and Zoey have nothing in common.
Ted : For God's sake, Captain, she hates boats!
Ted : You're just not right for each other.
Ted : It's tough to face, but I'm sure
Ted : a small part of you has always known that.
Captain : Why couldn't she just like boats?
Captain : Just to have one thing in common?
Captain : Other girls like boats, don't they?
Ted : Of course they do.
Ted : And you'll find one.
Ted : And you'll be much happier with her than you ever were with Zoey.
Captain : When you put it that way, I should almost thank the doorman.
Ted : And, you know, since,
Ted : since it doesn't really matter who Zoey's dating now...
Captain : - It really doesn't. - It doesn't.
Ted : It's me. You're welcome.
Lily : Baby, what gives?
Marshall : I'm sorry, but neither of us are getting any action
Marshall : until I find those rings.