Lily : Anything I can do to help you with that?
Marshall : Maybe after this documentary on garbage.
Lily : Man, I am losing my touch.
UNK: Nearly twice the size of Texas,
UNK: the Gweat Pacific Garbage Patch, or "Garbage Island,"
UNK: is an environmental catastrophy.
UNK: Lost in a sea of vomish,
UNK: this young bird stwuggles not to drown,
UNK: stwangling in the plastic rings of a six-pack.
UNK: Marshall Eriksen, I think you know what you have to do.
Marshall : - I have to save the planet! - Is it over? I call on top.
UNK: A few days later, I headed over to The Captain's building to get Zoey's box.
Ted : I'm here to...
Captain : What a surprise.
Captain : You've come to rescue me from the capsized wreckage of my marriage.
Captain : I hesitated calling you because I know you and Zoey were friendly.
Captain : But my wife has left me. All my friends have abandoned me.
Captain : Please, tell me you're on my side.
Captain : Let's adjourn to the study.
Tv : Garbage Island.
Marshall : You haven't heard of Garbage Island?
Marshall : It's an island...
Marshall : made of garbage!
Marshall : It's in the Pacific Ocean. It's twice the size of Texas!
Robin : In other words, one-eighth the size of Canada. So...
UNK: Guys, I'm going environmental, okay?
UNK: Phase one : the bar.
UNK: I've already convinced MacLaren's to implement a new green initiative.
Wendy : That's 'cause of you?
UNK: I gotta carry an 80-pound bag of bottles to the recycling center every night.
Wendy : I threw my back out.
UNK: You're welcome... Earth.
UNK: Phase two : GNB.
UNK: Tomorrow I'm going to make a presentation in front of the board
UNK: about how we can cut our carbon footprint by half for only $12 million.
Barney : Dude, don't do that.
UNK: All they're gonna hear is "$12 million," and all you're gonna hear
Barney : is the sound of the door smacking your fired ass.
Barney : And some muffled laughter. Which I apologize for in advance.
Ted : Guys, I got a problem.
Ted : I ran into The Captain.
Captain : Beneath this
Captain : lustrous mane, I wear the horns of a cuckold.
Captain : Zoey left me for another man.
Captain : Do you have any idea who it could be?
UNK: The Captain then told a story much different than the one I'd been telling.
UNK: But one maybe just as true.
Ted : Once upon a time, Zoey and I were happy.
UNK: Blissful as Arcadian shepherds.
UNK: I was Poseidon, she my Amphitrite.
UNK: I dare say, Scylla and Charybdis could not have torn us asunder.
Captain : We had great big boners for each other.
Ted : But then... enter the scoundrel.
UNK: This movie's scary.
Ted : I know.
UNK: I don't know what he looks like, but I picture him with a mustache.
Ted : Limit the search to guys with mustaches. Smart.
Ted : Anyway, soon the inevitable happened.
UNK: She told me she was in love with someone else.
UNK: Obviously, it made me angry.
Ted : And that's the last time you saw her.
Captain : But I gathered my composure,
UNK: and told her I'd do anything to keep her.
UNK: I begged her not to leave.
UNK: We made love that night.
Ted : That's damn good brandy.
Captain : But morning came,
Captain : and she was gone.
Ted : Don't blame yourself.
Captain : I don't blame myself.
Captain : There's only one man I blame for this.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Me.
Ted : I'm the bad guy.
Robin : Maybe to him you are,
Robin : but in the story of picking up the box for Zoey,
Robin : you're the hero.
Ted : Damn it! The box!