UNK: How about this :
UNK: from now until tomorrow afternoon,
UNK: I do this, and then tomorrow night,
UNK: I do that.
Lily : Deal.
Ted : Come on.
UNK: You lying little minx.
UNK: I happened to be at Cafe L'Amour tonight
UNK: from 5 : 00 pm until closing,
UNK: reading a newspaper with two holes cut out of it,
UNK: and I never saw Nora
UNK: or this Italian race car driver she's dating.
Barney : Sorry. Who said anything about an...
Barney : You just know he's an Italian race car driver.
Robin : No, he's not. He doesn't exist.
Robin : I made the whole thing up to see if you like her. And you do.
Robin : So you should just call her.
Robin : Here is her number.
UNK: I also programmed your phone while you were in the bathroom.
Robin : That was a joke. You just got here, remember?
Robin : You really are smitten.
Barney : I'm not.
Barney : I'm Barney Stinson.
Barney : I don't get smitten, I smite!
Robin : You are totally smitten,
Robin : but you're scared of being in a relationship.
Barney : I'm not.
Barney : I can't be anyone's boyfriend, Robin.
Barney : If I got serious with Nora, it would be like if
Barney : Mother Teresa focused all her attention on one really hot orphan.
UNK: With great penis comes great responsibility.
Robin : Okay, Mother Teresa,
Robin : throw me one.
Barney : - Sorry? - I'd like it if you threw me one.
Robin : Fastball, right down the middle.
Robin : Actually, if I recall correctly, a slight curve.
Barney : Careful, Robin, I'll do it.
UNK: I don't think so. You don't want to screw things up with Nora.
Robin : Prove me wrong. Tomorrow night, my place.
Barney : Don't poke the dragon, Robin,
Barney : cause the dragon will poke you back.
UNK: Sex now, we'll do the foreplay after.
UNK: It didn't go so well.
Marshall : The green initiative, for only $12 million, will change...
Arthur : I've heard enough.
Arthur : Don't we already have a green initiative?
Arthur : I mean, didn't we do a whole thing?
Arthur : Hang a banner, make a video, Sting was there.
Arthur : - I thought I met Sting. - You did meet Sting.
Arthur : I met Sting.
Arthur : So why on Earth would we spend another $12 million?
Marshall : Because we can always do more.
Arthur : Yeah, but I met Sting.
Marshall : Meeting Sting isn't gonna fix anything, Arthur!
Arthur : Who here supports Eriksen's proposal?
Meeker : - He has some good points. - Meeker, you're fired!
Arthur : - And as for you, Eriksen... - His father just died.
Arthur : Nice presentation. We'll keep it under advisement.
Marshall : Meeker got fired because of me. I'm the bad guy.
Lily : No, sweetie.
Lily : Just put all that out of your mind and relax.
Lily : I got you a six-pack of tall boys from the deli.
Marshall : What happened to the plastic rings that held the six-pack together?
Barney : I don't know. I threw them down the garbage chute.
Lily : Let's just use the handcuffs.
Marshall : Baby, birds can get caught in those
UNK: then they dwown in wubbish!
Marshall : Weren't you listening? Don't you care about Garbage Island?
Lily : Right now, I don't give a wat's ass about Garbage Island.
Barney : I do.
Marshall : I got to find those rings!
Lily : Cwap.
Ted : - Hi, I'm here to pick up... - Hello, Ted.
Ted : - To the study? - To the study!
Ted : I know.