UNK: He sprang to his sleigh To his team gave a whistle
UNK: And away they all flew Like the down of a thistle
UNK: But I heard him exclaim Ere he drove out of sight
UNK: ''Merry Christmas to all And to all a good night. ''
Joey : Wow! That was great! You really wrote that?
Chandler : Say goodbye, elves. l'm off to Tulsa.
UNK: l can't believe you won't be here for Christmas.
Ross : You're really not coming back?
UNK: We have this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year.
UNK: Why can't those dumb Tulsa people do the work?
UNK: Because those dumb people got everything dumped on them...
UNK: ...by the arrogant jerks in the New York office.
UNK: l'm caught between two worlds.
UNK: -lf l don't get it done, l'll be fired. -lt's so unfair.
Monica : -You don't even like your job. -So. Who does?
UNK: -l like my job. -l love my job.
UNK: -l can't wait to go back to work. -l can't get enough dinosaurs.
UNK: l'm sorry l won't be here.
UNK: lt's hard enough not seeing you during the week...
Monica : ...but for Christmas....
UNK: lf this is what you have to do, l understand.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: l'll see you New Year's Day.
Monica : You're not gonna be here New Year's Eve?
UNK: -Did l not mention that? -No.
UNK: And to all a good night!
Chandler : All right, everybody. l know it is Christmas Eve...
UNK: ...and you'd rather be with family, but there is no call for writing...
Chandler : ...''Screw you, Mr. Bing'' on the back of my chair.
Chandler : By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
UNK: -Hey. -Hey. Where you been?
UNK: l was checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three.
UNK: lt was really beautiful. They have decorations and this huge tree.
UNK: And l just thought, to hell with them, we have to work.
UNK: So l stole their ham.
Chandler : Hear that? You may not be with your families...
Chandler : ...but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
Claudia : My kid's in a play right now.
Chandler : You know what? l know what will cheer you up.
UNK: l had a talk with the boys in New York. l told them about all your hard work...
Chandler : ...and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
Nick : ''A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet.''
Chandler : Well, that's like money in your pocket.
UNK: All right, you want me to say it? This sucks.
Chandler : Being here sucks. This work sucks!
UNK: Now it feels like Christmas.
UNK: l'm sorry.
UNK: At least you get to go home and be with your families tonight.
UNK: l have to go to an empty hotel room and lay down...
Chandler : ...on a very questionable bedspread.
UNK: Then tomorrow, you get to have Christmas in your own houses.
UNK: Which, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
Nick : -You can come to my house. -No, thanks.
UNK: -lt was a nice pep talk. -Thanks.
UNK: l'm actually thinking about becoming a motivational speaker.
Wendy : So if you were home right now, what would you be doing?
UNK: Typical Christmassy stuff, you know. Our holidays are pretty traditional.
UNK: So here's a very special holiday song...
UNK: ...that l wrote for some very important people to me.
UNK: Happy holidays, everybody.
UNK: Pheebs, look in the kitchen. l'll look in the back closet.
UNK: l can save you time, ladies. l'm right here.