Castle : hear some stories about the good old days.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : But if you tell him about the karaoke stakeout,
UNK: I'm gonna tell him what happened with the monkey.
Royce : My lips are sealed.
UNK: But I got a lot of other stories.
Random : I wasn't running away, I was jogging.
Beckett : So, what were you doing climbing down the side of a building?
UNK: Cross-training.
Random : Better cardiovascular workout.
UNK: Random, you just did a stint at Five Points Correctional,
Beckett : and within a week of your release
Beckett : you were breaking into someone's apartment.
Random : That was a misunderstanding.
Random : I wrote down my friend's address wrong.
Beckett : Really? So what do you call killing Deon Carver?
Beckett : Mistaken identity?
Random : Deon's dead?
Beckett : Nice try.
Beckett : You have a history of breaking and entering,
Beckett : and I have a victim whose offices were ransacked.
Beckett : And you were seen arguing with Carver three hours before he was killed.
Random : He invited me to dinner 'cause he wanted to stress
UNK: the importance of my attendance in court this morning,
UNK: and seeing as he had a 100K on the hook if I skipped.
Beckett : Which you did.
Random : My alarm clock didn't go off.
Beckett : Or you were so exhausted after killing Carver
Beckett : that you slept right through it.
Castle : Come on. Three hours after we had dinner,
UNK: I was shoplifting at Book Mart uptown.
Beckett : You threatened someone's life, and then decide to shoplift a book.
UNK: That's why I forgot to pay,
Random : I was so used to being in a prison library.
Random : I tried to tell the security dude that,
Random : but he had me in some ninja choke hold.
Random : Luckily for me,
Random : I was able to slip away before the cops came.
UNK: Sucker!
Random : But that guard would totally remember me.
UNK: Oh, no, she's got the cat in one hand her gun in the other.
Royce : I'm trying to get the hell out of the way
Royce : so she can shoot the guy with the spear gun...
Beckett : Except Royce has such a giant head that every time I go to pull the trigger
Beckett : all I could think about is how much paperwork I'll have to do
UNK: if I accidentally shoot him.
Royce : Yeah, okay. So you know what she does?
Royce : She offers to show the guy her boobs if he drops the spear gun.
Castle : - Did he? - Did you?
UNK: No, 'cause he had the same
UNK: slack-jawed look that the two of you have.
Royce : Allowing me to take the guy down.
Royce : But I'll tell you what I realized in that moment,
UNK: with Beckett, you gotta be ready for anything.
UNK: Wow, I am seeing a whole new side of you today.
Castle : And feel free to show me more.
Beckett : Do you see what happens when you feed the animals?
Ryan : So, it looks like your shoplifter isn't our killer, after all.
Ryan : Guard at Book Mart
Castle : Maybe he thought it could help him decipher the document.
Castle : Thinking it's some kind of ancient, religious cryptogram,
UNK: prophesying the coming zombie apocalypse?
Royce : Is he always like this?
Beckett : No, it's usually about CIA conspiracies.
Castle : I was really close on one of those.
Ryan : So, do you want us to lock Random up?
UNK: The store wants us to hold on to him.
UNK: Why don't we let Royce take him down to Central?
Beckett : Book Mart can press charges over there.
UNK: All right.
Royce : Thanks, kid. I owe you one.
Beckett : You don't owe me anything and you know it.
UNK: Hey, do me a favor, take a picture.
Castle : - Yeah, of course. - Thanks.
UNK: Come on, old times' sake.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: It's so good to see you.
UNK: - You stay sharp, kid. - Mmm.
Royce : Rick, don't let her boss you around too much.
UNK: Hey, come on, kitten. We got a date at Central Booking.
Castle : He tells a terrific story.
Beckett : Got a little bromance there, Castle?