Castle : But when Random got out of jail, he couldn't figure it out.
Castle : So he breaks into Stuckey's apartment
UNK: figuring he's going to strong-arm Lloyd's old partner into helping him.
Beckett : Only Stuckey wasn't home and someone called the cops.
Low : I called them. I'd been following Random.
Low : I knew that his arrest would give me the leverage I needed
Low : to force him to share the map.
Beckett : Because you were friends with a bail bondsman.
Low : Random had no money for bail.
Low : Deon agreed to cover it for a third of the treasure.
Low : But he insisted on holding on to the map for safekeeping.
Castle : So why were you really at Carver's office the night he died?
Low : Deon called me and told me he'd figured out the map.
Low : When I got there, he was already dead. Murdered by that old man.
Beckett : - Stuckey. - How do you know?
Low : Because Stuckey had caught
Low : Deon and Random conspiring together the night before.
UNK: He told them he'd waited 20 years for that money.
UNK: And they had 24 hours to give it back,
Low : or bodies were going to start dropping.
Esposito : Mr. Stuckey, we need to talk.
Beckett : We're never going to hear the end of this.
UNK: Oh, crap!
Castle : When do Esposito and Ryan get back?
UNK: Soon.
Beckett : They're on their way to Central Booking to pick up Random
Beckett : to ask him about the map.
Beckett : So I made a couple of phone calls.
Beckett : And this heist in 1990 was worth 10 million dollars.
Beckett : And now it's worth almost 30 million.
Royce : - Hey, you ready? - Yeah.
Castle : You can't leave now.
UNK: Come on, Castle, every uniform in the city's got Stuckey's photo.
UNK: And if there's one thing that my TO taught me,
Beckett : it's that sometimes the best way to crack a case is by taking a break.
UNK: I promise I won't keep her out too late.
Royce : So it's actually a treasure map, huh?
Beckett : Castle's been trying to figure it out all day.
UNK: I should've been onto Stuckey earlier, though.
Royce : Nobody's perfect.