Castle : Why would a calculator cause feedback?
Beckett : It's not a calculator.
Beckett : It's a bug.
Castle : A wireless RF transmitter, to be precise.
Castle : Not to be confused with the more advanced infrared signal burst device.
Beckett : - Book research? - Nanny Cam.
UNK: So, do you think that the robbery was just a pretense
Castle : for the placement of the bug,
UNK: and the killer was caught in the act?
Beckett : Well, it's not Watergate, Castle.
Beckett : If the point was to bug Carver's office, then why leave it here once he's dead?
Castle : Well, tell me this, Ms. Know-it-all,
Castle : who would want to bug a burly bail bondsman so badly?
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Beckett : So, it's not law enforcement or a three letter agency.
Beckett : That bug was a commercial device.
Beckett : I contacted the manufacturer in Thailand.
Beckett : They're looking up the serial number to see what store it was shipped to.
Beckett : And hopefully from there, we should find out who bought it.
UNK: Mmm. I remember when killers used to buy American.
UNK: Yo. I ran the shoe print through the new federal database,
UNK: they matched the tread mark to these loafers here.
Castle : The no hassle tassel.
Castle : These were the height of fashion in 1984.
Beckett : These are photos of all of Carver's clients with a history of violence.
Beckett : Can you show them around his building,
Beckett : see if anyone was there yesterday?
Esposito : Yeah, you got it.
Castle : You were a girl once.
Beckett : Still am.
Castle : Can you tell me why my daughter wants one of these so badly?
Beckett : Bikes are what girls want
Beckett : when we realize we're never going to get a pony.
Castle : Did you have one?
Beckett : I still do.
UNK: 1994 Harley Softail.
Beckett : Worked all of high school to pay for it.
UNK: And how'd your parents feel about it?
Beckett : My dad threatened to send me to a nunnery.
Beckett : And my mom just shook her head and said,
Beckett : "Katie, every time you ride that thing,
UNK: "just remember how much you hate hearing me tell you 'I told you so."'
UNK: You know what this means, though, don't you?
Castle : No. What?
Beckett : Well, Alexis is entering her wild-child phase.
UNK: My daughter? I don't think so.
UNK: Oh, yeah, Castle. All girls go through it.
UNK: And good girls are the worst.
UNK: In fact, I remember this one time when...
UNK: Hey, did you find anything?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : We located Carver's wife, Brooke.
Ryan : She's visiting her sister in Hoboken.
Ryan : Uniforms are on their way to pick her up now.
Ryan : Oh, and Lanie called. She said she found something weird.
Lanie : I found this hidden in Carver's sock while I was stripping the body.
Beckett : What the hell is it?
Lanie : I don't know, you're the detective.
Castle : Maybe it's what our killer was looking for in Carver's office.
UNK: Seriously?
Alexis : - That? - Yeah.
Castle : It's probably some complex code or...
Beckett : The world's least interesting doodle.
Beckett : It's not something that you kill a guy over.
Castle : Then why did he hide it?
UNK: Brooke Carver : I told my husband,
UNK: Brooke Carver : the kind of animals he dealt with every day,
UNK: Brooke Carver : something bad was going to happen.
UNK: Mrs. Carver, had your husband had any troubles
Beckett : with any of his clients recently?
Brooke : Deon didn't talk about work a lot with me.
UNK: But he did say he had to straighten someone out yesterday.
Brooke : He said it got pretty ugly.
Castle : Any idea who?
Brooke : I'm sorry, no.
Beckett : Did your husband keep cash in his office?
Brooke : No. He insisted on money orders and cashier's checks.
Brooke : He had a good heart, but he wasn't stupid.
Castle : We found this, folded up in your husband's sock.
Castle : Any idea what it is?
Brooke : I've never seen this before.
Castle : Just because she doesn't recognize it doesn't mean it's not important.
Castle : Brooke even admitted Carver never talked to her about work.
Castle : - Castle. - I'm just saying,
UNK: my spidey-sense is tingling about this.
Beckett : I can't base an entire murder investigation on your spidey-senses.
Castle : Why not? Our killer was looking for something.
Castle : Our victim was hiding something.
UNK: "The thing speaks for itself." I know.
Beckett : All I'm saying is that even though Carver didn't keep cash in his offices,