Brooke : and how he prayed that he could save our marriage.
Brooke : I cried all night,
Brooke : and in the morning I threw the receiver away.
Beckett : And when was that?
Brooke : A few weeks ago.
Brooke : We had just started to find our way back to each other, and now he's dead.
UNK: Soon, all I'll have to remember him by is a box of ashes.
Ryan : We got about a dozen witnesses
UNK: that put Father Aaron in church at 10 : 00 p.m. when Carver was killed.
Castle : So we're back to square one.
Beckett : No. The answer is right here in front of us. I can feel it.
Beckett : It's just that there's something that we're not seeing.
Beckett : There's a connection that we haven't made yet.
Esposito : Do you want me to start processing the good Father out?
UNK: No. He might have an alibi, but he's definitely involved somehow.
Beckett : It says here that Father Aaron volunteers at Five Points Correctional.
Ryan : That's where Random did his time.
Castle : They knew each other.
Beckett : And they both knew our victim.
Beckett : So maybe Five Points is our connection.
Beckett : Did Stuckey do time there?
Beckett : - Nope. - Damn.
Castle : Doesn't mean they're not connected in a different way.
Ryan : Prison's a networking gold mine for criminals.
Beckett : Out of curiosity, who was Random's cellmate?
Ryan : Malcolm Lloyd, a recidivist thief doing 20 for a jewel heist.
Castle : We should go talk to him.
UNK: Can't.
Ryan : Looks like he died of a heart attack in prison, three weeks ago.
Castle : Wouldn't it be funny if Father Aaron administered last rites
Castle : for Lloyd as well?
Beckett : - Ryan? - Yeah.
Beckett : Check Lloyd's known associates.
Ryan : Doesn't mention the priest.
Ryan : Wait a minute. It says Lloyd knew Clifford Stuckey.
Ryan : Looks like he and Lloyd were both arrested for the same jewel heist.
Castle : They were partners.
Ryan : DA didn't have enough evidence to prosecute Stuckey,
Ryan : so he walked, while Lloyd did 20 years.
Beckett : It still doesn't explain why Random broke into Stuckey's apartment.
Ryan : Maybe this will help. The heist that Lloyd and Stuckey pulled.
Ryan : Ten million dollars in rare sapphires and rubies.
Ryan : And guess what? They were never found.
Beckett : You guys.
Castle : I think I know what this is.
Castle : It's a treasure map!
Beckett : We know that you gave Malcolm Lloyd his last rites.
Beckett : That's when you found out about the map.
UNK: I ministered to Malcolm at the end.
Low : He told me he was scared,
Low : that he wanted to do one good thing before he died.
Low : He made me promise that I would use it for the church.
Low : But when I went to the cell, the map wasn't there.
Beckett : Because Random had already taken it.