Alexis : Breakfast time.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : What did I do to deserve this? Other than, you know, being me?
Alexis : Isn't that enough?
Castle : - Okay, what do you want? - Nothing.
Alexis : Why do I have to want something?
Castle : March 1999, you wanted a Hello Kitty backpack,
Castle : I got French toast with a whipped-cream smiley face.
Castle : October 2004,
Castle : I got an omelet shaped like Darth Vader.
Alexis : Okay, I want a Vespa.
Alexis : It's a scooter. All my friends have them.
Alexis : And it would make getting around the city so much easier,
Alexis : - and they're totally safe. - Honey...
Alexis : I'll always wear a helmet and I'll never drive at night.
Alexis : You know how responsible I am.
Castle : It's not you I'm worried about.
Alexis : Dad, I really want this.
Alexis : Will you at least think about it?
UNK: Please.
Castle : Yes. I will think about it.
Castle : If you leave me alone so that I can finish my breakfast.
UNK: Deal.
Castle : It's Beckett.
UNK: Remember what happened the last time you went to a crime scene
Alexis : on a full stomach?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Castle...
Castle : And who is the unlucky winner today?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Deon Carver, bail bondsman. This is his office.
UNK: He walked into a B&E last night,
UNK: Kate Beckett : and before he had a chance to use his registered firearm,
UNK: Kate Beckett : our killer knocked him over the head with that.
Castle : A sharpshooter award.
Castle : That is ironic on so many levels.
Castle : No, just two.
UNK: Our killer left a partial shoe print in Carver's blood.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Probably while wiping the trophy clean.
UNK: Shoe print isn't complete enough to tell the size,
UNK: Lanie Parish : but the tread mark should be easy to identify.
Beckett : And then before leaving,
Beckett : our killer was nice enough to call 911 and leave the phone off the hook.
Castle : Someone was feeling a little guilty.
Lanie : Not too guilty.
UNK: The call came in at 11 : 00,
Lanie : I'm estimating time of death around 10 : 00.
Beckett : Which means our perp had about an hour to ransack the place.
Castle : Looking for what?
UNK: Uh... Money.
Beckett : I mean, bail bondsmen often get paid in cash.
UNK: And 10% of a million would be enough reason to tear up a place.
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito are taking a look around the building
Beckett : for any security cameras.