House : Hallucination. That's a brain thing, right?
UNK: Five hundred different things can cause hallucination,
Foreman : doesn't mean it's neurological.
House : It does if one of the other organ recipients also had a brain issue.
House : Did he just drop his hands?
Thirteen : No. None of them had brain issues.
House : If his pupils dilated, if his pupils were fixed,
UNK: if there's a twitch...
Foreman : He got hit in the head, he died.
Foreman : No mystery, that was your point.
House : Yesterday. You live, you learn. Who shot this?
UNK: The guy who runs the gym has a camera.
Taub : Uploads the nasty stuff online.
House : Can't see the dead guy's face.
UNK: If I can't see his face,
House : can't see the twitch, can't see the pupils...
Thirteen : We know the tennis player had a heart problem.
Thirteen : We can maybe tie that to the tuba player's lungs,
Thirteen : and then somehow tie both those things
Thirteen : to the construction worker's liver,
Thirteen : and then possibly meander over to Frank's pancreatic failure.
Thirteen : But nothing causes simultaneous brain and heart problems.
Taub : Cancer made no sense.
Taub : The head and heart make less than no sense.
Lucas : That makes no sense.
House : I know. I was making a point.
Lucas : Oh, good, I thought you were an idiot.
Taub : Why are you talking?
UNK: Oh, what? The guy doing manual labor can't have an opinion?
Lucas : I might be a genius who just happens to
Lucas : have a passion for fixing coffee machines.
Lucas : No, I'm obviously not, but that's rude
Lucas : to make assumptions about people.
Kutner : Donor's history came up clean.
Kutner : Did he just laugh?
Lucas : No, no, I sneezed.
Taub : He's a genius coffee repairman.
UNK: A coffee repairman who wears Argyle socks?
Foreman : I thought I already talked about not judging.
House : What kind of idiot wears Argyle socks with construction boots?
Lucas : I'm not an idiot. I'm just not good at disguises.
Foreman : Who is he?
House : He's apparently a very bad private investigator.
Taub : Why is he pretending to fix the coffee machine?
UNK: Because I wanted to find out what you guys found out
UNK: before I found out what he found out,
House : so I can find out if I need a private investigator.
UNK: So, new.
Taub : The donor has no history of unusual infections,
Kutner : no international travel in the 12 months...
UNK: Well, seriously, that's how I sneeze.
Lucas : He was in Madrid and the Bahamas.
Kutner : Credit card receipts showed no...
UNK: The girlfriend paid.
Kutner : There is no girlfriend.
Lucas : She was his high-school sweetheart.
UNK: High-school sweetheart is married to his best friend.
UNK: I know. She had a kid four years ago.
Lucas : Timing fits.
Lucas : She's still pretty hot, though.
House : You find out anything medical?
Lucas : Kid has a tummy ache.
Lucas : Also, the dead guy was exposed to mercury,
UNK: mold and anhydrous perchloric acid
Lucas : because their sex pad was next to a garage that was demolished
Lucas : after those toxins were found.
Lucas : Oh, yeah, that will be $2,300.
House : I'll get you a check.
Lucas : No, I don't take checks.
House : You think I'm gonna stop payment?
Lucas : Aren't you?
House : Of course I am! $2,300? It's insane.
UNK: Actually, that price includes footage of the boxing match
Lucas : from four different angles.
UNK: 30 percent of the crowd paid by credit card. I got their names.
Lucas : Four of them had digital cameras,
Lucas : which I composited like NASA did for the pics of Mars.
UNK: O'shea : You know, the rovers and all that.
Foreman : But he didn't drop his hands,
UNK: means he maintained muscle tensity...
Foreman : Say it.
House : You were right.
House : God, that was petty of me.
Foreman : He maintained muscle tensity,
Foreman : but was momentarily distracted when he got hit.
UNK: That's a temporal lobe seizure.
Kutner : Does that PI guy mean we don't have to break
Kutner : into people's homes anymore?
House : It's the whole reason you went to medical school.
House : I'm not gonna take that away from you.
Taub : He's better than we are.
UNK: He costs more.
UNK: I'm gonna biopsy the brain.
UNK: No.
Foreman : Say it.
Foreman : You were right. But, no.
Foreman : Temporal lobe controls speech, hearing, memory.
House : She loses those things,
House : she's gonna be a terrific date, but beyond that...
Taub : We cut out a piece of it, good chance she's a vegetable,
UNK: nothing to hear, nothing to say, nothing to look back on.
House : You're right. She has so much to live for.
House : Do we have another patient who is almost finished with all their living?
Thirteen : So it's okay to stab his brain because he's old?
House : No, it's okay to stab his brain because he's dead if you don't.
House : Get the widow to say yes.
UNK: No.
Taub : The lung inflammation is a complication of the pancreatic failure,
Taub : which is reversible.
Taub : This is actually his best chance.
Taub : If we can find out what's wrong...
UNK: Frank's Wife : How can a test that will probably kill him...