Thirteen : Breathing is labored.
UNK: Colonoscopy's still showing no leaks.
Taub : What if it is autoimmune?
House : What if we don't have conversations we've already had?
House : Four out of the five didn't linger. They got sick and died.
Kutner : We don't have time to dismiss things we've already dismissed.
Kutner : Nothing fits.
House : See, that's an example of a conversation we've already had.
House : She's sick, something fits.
UNK: MS?
UNK: No!
House : Okay, from now on, no one says anything
House : unless no one has said it before.
Foreman : Where are you going?
House : You guys start immunogels on her CSF
House : to look for hidden protein markers,
House : then start sequencing her genes. I'm going to start treatment.
Foreman : Treatment for what? Cancer.
UNK: It's not cancer. Chemo's toxic.
House : It's something. Which means we should treat her for something.
House : She's fine.
House : Where's her chart?
UNK: You rang emergency to get her chart?
House : I know, that was bad of me.
House : But I'm pretty sure the chart's supposed to be attached to the bed
House : so that gimp doctors don't have to look all over the place while patients die.
House : Thank you so much. And some peppermint tea when you get a chance?
UNK: House continues : I need you to sign something.
UNK: House continues : Consent to chemotherapy.
Apple : You found cancer?
UNK: No.
Apple : Then you have tests indicating...
UNK: No.
Apple : Then why should I sign it?
House : That's a good question.
UNK: And deserves a complicated answer.
House : Placebo effect.
House : People have confidence in doctors,
House : they have confidence in diagnoses, confidence in medicine.
House : Sometimes they get a little better just because they think they will.
House : And that can make us think that the wrong answer is the right answer,
House : which is very bad.
Apple : So, you do have proof that it's cancer but you can't tell me
Apple : because it might affect the way I react to the medicine?
House : If that were true, and it would certainly make sense,
House : do you think I could tell you that it's true?
Taub : I was practically blind before the transplant.
UNK: 20l200 vision.
House : Didn't you cover all this personal stuff with Dr. Foreman?
Apple : You don't care who I used to be?
House : You're a post-corneal transplant math teacher.
House : I deduced that you were a blind math teacher.
Apple : I was an architect.
UNK: You gave up architecture after you could see?
Apple : The world was ugly.
Apple : You think the world would be any different if your leg was fine?
UNK: No.
UNK: You think you'd be any different if your leg was fine?
Kutner : I mean, the doctors told me
UNK: that my life was going to be so much better once I could see.
Apple : I would date, I would dance.
Apple : But the guys I hated dancing with before, I hated dancing with after.
Apple : My parents were still dead. I was still alone.
House : You're fun.
Apple : You don't seem all that different.