House : Nothing yet. Keep talking.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
House : You charge me for listening in on my own conversations?
Lucas : Yeah, why wouldn't I?
House : How many friends do you have?
UNK: Seventeen.
UNK: Seriously? You have a list?
Lucas : No, I knew this conversation was really about you,
Lucas : so I just gave you an answer so you could get back
Lucas : to your train of thought.
House : Well done. I have one. Had one.
UNK: Friends are important, you're gonna miss...
UNK: Frank's Wife : Shut up.
UNK: Friends allow you to not sit in a room by yourself.
House : Are you charging me for this?
Lucas : Are we friends? No.
Lucas : Then, yes.
UNK: Do you want to be my friend?
Lucas : No. You scare me a little.
House : He thinks if he's not a friend, he can't talk to me.
House : We can talk, we can be two human beings talking.
Lucas : I'm with him. Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt.
House : Yes, you did. I was in the middle of a sentence.
Lucas : Yes, I did. You were repeating yourself.
House : I'm grateful. Make your point.
Lucas : It's like that "cancer, but not cancer" thing you were talking about.
Lucas : Friends are friends, customers are customers,
UNK: and everything else is everything else.
Lucas : If it's not, nothing is nothing.
UNK: And anything can be anything.
UNK: 10 : 10, stop the clock.
UNK: What?
Apple : The world is not as ugly as she thinks it is.
House : Cancer, but not cancer.
UNK: It doesn't make any sense, unless...
House : Brain, but not brain.
UNK: Occipital lobe's normal, but her eyes suck.
House : That lobe should be compensating.
Foreman : Since it's not, that tells me that
House : something's in there that shouldn't be in there.
House : Brain, but not brain.
Cuddy : Why are you in my office?
House : To find the anomaly, I need to chop off the top of her head.
House : Pretty sure I need your approval for that.
UNK: I'm going to trust your first instinct.
House : I'm not usually confused when you say things like that.
Cuddy : I'm ordering her cancer treatment to be continued.
Cuddy : Why does it cost $2,300 to fix a coffee machine?
House : Cancer stem cells are real.
House : They explain everything.
House : They're like embryonic stem cells,
UNK: they can become whatever they want.
UNK: The donor had them, the recipients got them.
House : Chemo worked because the cells were basically tumors,
House : chemo shrunk them.
House : You're still gonna say no, aren't you?
UNK: You have no proof.
House : I have the brain scan.
Cuddy : The normal brain scan.
House : This is why I need to take off her head.
Cuddy : To treat? Or to prove you're right?
Cuddy : To treat.
House : Chemo's not killing anything, it's just hiding the real problem.
House : She's gonna crash.
House : If we wait until she does crash, it might be too late.
Cuddy : So, the next step is what?
Cuddy : I say no, and then you do something to make her crash,
Cuddy : so that I'll think you've proven your theory?
House : I would never do that.
Cuddy : No. You won't.