House : I haven't given up.
Lucas : Wilson's got a new job. Hasn't started yet, but...
House : So, who are we following?
Lucas : See that lady up there?
House : You point at the target?
Lucas : No. I'm following the one halfway in-between that point and that point.
UNK: Pretty. Who hired you?
House : No one. I just like her.
House : You're stalking her?
Lucas : No, no, I followed her out of that bookstore back there.
House : You are stalking her, just not for very long.
House : So what else can you tell me that I might care about?
Lucas : He attends this grief counseling thing twice a week
Lucas : where they go around the room and cry about who's dead.
Lucas : Cameron's been to his house several times.
Lucas : They just talk about death and losing loved ones.
UNK: What... What are you...
Foreman : If she turns her head, she's gonna see
House : that we're walking in the wrong direction.
Lucas : No, no, she won't. I'm very nondescript.
House : Well, I'm not.
Lucas : Well, then, you stay four feet behind me.
House : How do you know what they're talking about?
Lucas : I'm in the same grief counseling group. I recently lost my mother.
House : You'd get laid more often if you told them you lost a kid.
Lucas : I didn't lose a kid.
House : You're a PI, you can't lie?
Lucas : I can lie, I'm just not all that good at it.
Lucas : Dr. Cuddy's been over to Wilson's twice and phoned a bunch of times.
Lucas : Foreman called him. And the rest of the time
UNK: Wilson's been reading meditation books
Lucas : and magazines about restoring barns.
UNK: O'shea : Are you following me?
UNK: No. No.
Target : Are you lying?
UNK: No. Yes.
UNK: Lesson one, commit.
Target : It's making me uncomfortable.
UNK: Sorry.
Lucas : You're very pretty.
Target : More uncomfortable.
House : She's not your type.
House : Your type is much stupider than her.
House : What did Wilson say about me?
Lucas : You've never come up.
Foreman : In the grief counseling, or in the other...
UNK: Anywhere. I got three bugs in his home and one in his car.
Lucas : If I didn't know you, I wouldn't even know you existed.
Lucas : Which is good news.
Lucas : Only two things you ignore, things that aren't important,
UNK: and things you wished weren't important, and wishing never works.
Foreman : She's better.
House : I could tell at once.
UNK: Vomiting is a side effect of the chemo.
Foreman : Her heart rate's stabilized, breathing's good.
UNK: Amylase and triglycerides are both coming down.