UNK: Antiphospholipid antibodies normal.
Thirteen : Then that leaves cancer.
Foreman : Cancers have names. They have a progression. They affect specific organs.
Foreman : Bone cancer can't turn into liver cancer. Forget cancer.
House : It's cancer.
Foreman : It's not cancer.
UNK: You're right, of course. What was I thinking?
Foreman : No single type of cancer blew up three organs in the chest
Foreman : while also herniating the fighter's brain stem.
House : The fighter's irrelevant. You don't like coincidences?
UNK: Lt'd be a coincidence if six transplant recipients
House : had nothing else wrong with them,
House : like being an idiot, which leads to getting your head knocked off.
House : The others had cancer.
Foreman : Four autopsies and about 1,000 lab tests say it's not cancer.
UNK: Redo the 1,000 tests and the four autopsies.
House : Taub and Kutner, check out the donor, find out which cancer...
Kutner : He didn't die of cancer. His head got chopped off in an industrial accident.
House : Find out which cancer would have killed him.
House : Check the home and office for carcinogens, toxins...
Taub : He's been dead for four years.
Taub : I assume his home has been rented to someone else by now.
House : Find out which cancer killed them.
House : Did I forget you?
House : You can check out the patient's eye.
Man : You can put this on Dr. O'Shea.
House : And some chips.
UNK: O'shea : Forget your wallet, House? No.
UNK: O'shea : I'll take care of it.
UNK: Check.
Taub : Why are you following me?
House : Word is you're into monster trucks.
UNK: O'shea : My kids like it. But not you?
UNK: O'shea : Predator's okay, but I think the California Crusher is over-rated.
UNK: O'shea : Are you checking me out?
House : You're astute.
UNK: No.
UNK: O'shea : How many pills did you just take?
House : Vicodin, opioids, some B12.
House : Need a little kick in the afternoon.
House : You got a problem with that?
House : I think I'm falling in love.
Foreman : Her right eye's failing.
House : No, it's not.
House : Everyone else's transplanted organs were fine.
House : Means her eye is fine.
Foreman : We need to remove the eye.
House : It's her only working eye.
Foreman : We could remove the other one, but since it's not killing her,
Foreman : I thought this way was less insane.
House : Do you have some ethical problem with what I'm doing
UNK: that you can express in a unique way,
House : which might actually make me think that I'm wrong,
House : even though I'll never admit it?
UNK: Yes.
House : You are funny.
House : The problem's not in her eye. It's in her head.
UNK: O'shea : You know I'm not gay, right?
House : Neither am I.
House : If you don't want to have sex, that's cool with me.
UNK: O'shea : I'm not coming over to your home.
House : I'll grow on you.
UNK: "L-P-E..."
Apple : Do I have to be in the same room with him?
House : Whatever he's got, you've got. Fifth line.
Apple : Are you sure?
House : Pretty sure. Fifth line.
UNK: Am I going to die?
UNK: Could we talk about something besides you for a moment?
House : Like, maybe, the fifth line.
UNK: "F-E-O-S-P."
UNK: Damn.
Foreman : I'm sorry. We need to remove your eye.
Apple : My eye?
House : A moment ago, you thought you were dying. Blind is actually good news.
House : Unfortunately, he's wrong.
Foreman : You just did the test...
UNK: But she didn't squint.
UNK: Which means the eye thinks it's fine.
Foreman : It was wrong.
House : I know. But the eye doesn't think. The brain thinks.
UNK: Which means thinking's wrong, the brain's wrong.
House : Which means it's spread to the brain.
Kutner : Which means it's too late for us to remove the eye.
Kutner : Which means we're gonna have to remove your whole head.
House : Don't worry, it doesn't hurt.