Apple : I guess it's working.
Foreman : Can't believe it. It's cancer.
Foreman : It's not cancer.
House : Labs show that our patient is healthier.
UNK: She's gonna get sicker. Then she's gonna die.
House : I brought Thai food. What did you see in her?
House : Nothing. It's not cancer, all the tests say it's not cancer.
House : They've always said it's not cancer.
Foreman : Treatment proves it's cancer.
Foreman : Treatment proves it could be cancer.
Foreman : It's not cancer.
Taub : This was your diagnosis.
House : I never thought it was cancer.
Foreman : You treated for cancer.
House : I thought that what she had acted like cancer.
House : If it acts like cancer, maybe it would respond like cancer.
House : It did. Because it's cancer.
House : We have to find something that walks like cancer, talks like cancer,
UNK: tastes like cancer, but isn't cancer.
Kutner : No, we don't. Better is better, who cares why?
Thirteen : I do. And so does Tetrault.
UNK: Who?
House : The dead tuba player. Tibalt.
House : The point is, he died last, but he died,
Kutner : which means she's gonna die, too.
UNK: Tibalt wasn't receiving cancer medication.
House : There's a cancer drug that's used off-label for arthritis.
Kutner : There's no record of arthritis.
House : Did you interview all the tuba students?
Thirteen : If he had joint pain in his hands, he couldn't have played.
House : Then it wasn't in his hands.
Taub : Then why do we care about his students?
House : One of them is Canadian, brought him methotrexate,
House : so he could hide his arthritis.
UNK: He already couldn't afford his insurance.
House : And that little piece of business cost me $700.
House : I'm gonna pass it on to the patient with a steep mark-up.
Foreman : This makes no sense.
House : I know.
House : She's dead, unless we can find what's cancer, but not cancer.
House : Something's missing.
House : I need an epiphany.
House : What are you billing out at? $300 an hour? Here's $400.
Wilson : There are other oncologists.
House : Better oncologists. But I need you.
House : Let me describe the symptoms, problems, issues,
House : and you say whatever you feel like saying
UNK: until something triggers an idea in my head.
Wilson : That's not the way it works.
House : You have a way of thinking about things.
House : It's sloppy, it's undisciplined, it's not very linear,
House : it complements mine, drives me down avenues I wouldn't otherwise...
Wilson : House, please go away.
UNK: Cancer, but not cancer,
House : responds to cancer treatment, but there's no...
House : How are you?
Wilson : Don't do this, please. Please don't do this.
Wilson : I'm trying to move on.
House : By hanging out with Cameron, and talking to Cuddy, Foreman, but not me?
UNK: I...
House : I paid a private investigator to spy on you.
Wilson : You didn't.
House : You want to move on from me, you gotta deal with me, talk to me.
Wilson : You had no right.
House : We're not friends anymore. There's no trust to be breached.
House : I can have you followed, I can call you names, tell your secrets.
House : Foreman did a CT.
House : Temporal and frontoparietal regions, normal.
House : Occipital lobe, normal.
Wilson : I have the right to walk away from you, House.
Kutner : There is a world beyond you, you need to realize that.
Wilson : And even if you don't, I'm moving on.
Wilson : The next time you knock, I'm not answering.