Castle : Call 911!
UNK: I was rushing through to the back of the house,
UNK: Castle voiceover : thinking Nina was the killer
UNK: and thatshe was getting away, but the true killerneverleft.
UNK: The true killerwas stillin thatbathroom,
UNK: cleaning the mudfrom his shoes,
UNK: the mudhe collected trudging through the backyard,
Castle : to and from killing Sadie.
Brown : Mr. Castle, did you see this man?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Talk about bad timing.
UNK: He came outjust in time for me to catch him.
Brown : Can you point to this man in this courtroom,
Brown : the man who killed Sadie Beakman?
Castle : Yes, I can.
Castle : It was her husband, Lloyd Beakman.
WOMAN : God!
Llyod : - How dare you! - No, wait.
Annie : You and Mom disappeared from the party at the same time.
Annie : No, I remember, because I was trying to find you guys...
UNK: AII right. That's enough. I want order!
Beckett : Apologies to the court, Your Honor.
Beckett : Joanna Masters thought
Beckett : that Sadie was having an affair with her husband, Roger.
UNK: But she was wrong, and so were you.
Lloyd : I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Beckett : Sure you do. You saw your wife head up those stairs.
UNK: You had your suspicions, she had cheated on you before.
Beckett : So you headed out to the yard, you moved the basketball hoop over
Beckett : so you could climb up it and get a better look.
Castle : But Sadie caught you spying in the window, didn't she?
Castle : So you came inside and accused her of having an affair with Roger.
Annie : Dad, what did you do?
Lloyd : What did I do?
Lloyd : Your mother was having an affair with her. Of all people.
Lloyd : And it was so funny to your mother that I assumed it was Roger.
Lloyd : She laughed and laughed.
Beckett : So you were upstairs with Sadie?
UNK: Wait... what I meant was...
Beckett : What happened, Lloyd?
Beckett : Did you lose control? Is that why you killed her?
UNK: I didn't mean to. I didn't mean it.
UNK: I loved Sadie. But I just... I got...
Brown : Mr. Beakman, my advice to you would be to stop talking,
Brown : and find yourself an attorney.
Brown : Mr. Beakman, you're under arrest for murder.
Beckett : Come on. Hands.
Brown : Your Honor, in light of these developments,
Weller : the People file a motion to dismiss all charges against Nina O'Keefe.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Granted. Case dismissed.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Greatjob, guys. You should be proud ofyourselves.
Esposito : - Why? we blew it. - Yeah.
Ryan : For five months, we had an innocent woman rotting in jail.
Beckett : No, that one's not on us.
Beckett : Nina's original defense attorney did that to her.
Officer : At the end of the day, we're the ones who brought herjustice.
UNK: Speaking ofwhich,
UNK: I gotta take back everything bad I've ever said about defense attorneys.
Esposito : That guy, Caleb Brown, he's all right.
Ryan : Yeah, he's a stand-up guy.
Ryan : - See you later, Beckett. - Yeah.
UNK: - We're on night shift. - Okay. Good night, guys.
UNK: Caleb's a "stand-up guy."
UNK: - Ifthey only knew. - No. They're right.
Beckett : I mean, Caleb is a monster, but what we learned today
Beckett : is that he is a monster who is desperate to do good.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So, we were looking for his weakness,
Beckett : and we just found it.