Weller : Now, what brought you to the home of Roger and Joanna Masters
Weller : on the evening of September 14, five months ago?
Castle : Joanna Masters won a charity auction
Castle : to have me come to her home and do a private reading
Castle : of Driving Heat, my latest novel, due to come out the following day...
Castle : Oh, my!
UNK: Joanna Masters : Richard Castle. In my home.
Castle : It is a pleasure to meet you.
Joanna : Oh, I just adore your books. I mean, Nikki Heat is like my role model.
Joanna : - I love her. - Me, too.
UNK: - And you are too kind. - And you are too cute.
Castle : - Keep talking. - Please, come in. Come in.
UNK: Oh.
Joanna : I'd like you to meet my husband, Roger.
Castle : - Richard. Nice to meet you. - Welcome.
Castle : - Thank you. - And, uh...
UNK: That's when I met Sadie Beakman.
Castle : - Nice to meet you. - Lloyd, and their lovely daughter, Annie.
Castle : Richard. Nice to meet you.
Joanna : Now, I'm sure you recognize Sadie from her Iraq war news reports.
Joanna : But she also owns and operates BeakmanReport.com...
UNK: Castle voiceover : After meeting the soon-to-be-victim,
UNK: Castle voiceover : I met the soon-to-be killer.
UNK: Champagne?
Castle : Thank you so much for being here. Thank you for having me.
Castle : Sorry about the small poster. I ran out of the big ones.
Castle : Driving Heat, written by this guy.
UNK: "The last thing Nikki Heat expected"
UNK: "when she received her promotion to Captain of the NYPD..."
UNK: Castle voiceover : After the reading, I needed to use the restroom...
UNK: Sorry, I'm gonna be a while.
UNK: Castle voiceover : So I went to use the facilities upstairs...
UNK: Stop!
UNK: Castle voiceover : That's when I saw the defendant kill Sadie Beakman.
Weller : Let the record reflect the witness has identified
Weller : the defendant, Nina O'Keefe, as the woman in question.
Brown : Nothing further, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Brown, your witness.
Brown : Mr. Castle, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
Brown : I only have a handful of questions.
Brown : First, is it possible that my client did not kill Mrs. Beakman?
UNK: Well, no. It was definitely her.
Brown : And you remember the events of the evening clearly?
Brown : Because I know that you have a history of memory loss.
Weller : Objection, Your Honor.
Brown : Goes to credibility.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : I'll allow it.
Brown : Mr. Castle, is it true that on May 12, 2014,
Brown : you were abducted by parties still unknown,
Brown : and then returned eight weeks later?
Beckett : - Yes. - And you still have memory loss?
Castle : Only of those eight weeks.
UNK: My memory ofyour client killing Mrs. Beakman is crystal clear.
Brown : But how can you be sure?
Castle : - Because I was an eyewitness. - Ah.
UNK: I'm so glad that you used that word. "Eyewitness."
Brown : Now, Mr. Castle, you gave a reading
Castle : of Driving Heat on the evening in question.
Brown : The continuing adventures of Nikki Heat.
UNK: Might you humor the court and just give us a short reading?
Brown : Just the highlighted section, ifyou please.