Beckett : And given your new relationship with your computer,
Beckett : it's time you get yours back, too.
Beckett : So, let's figure this out. What is Caleb Brown's weakness?
UNK: Marcus Weller : This is going to be the easiest case I have ever tried.
Castle : How can you be so sure?
UNK: The defendant has a history of arrests
Weller : for robbing high-end houses while working as a cater waiter.
Weller : Sadie Beakman caught her in the act,
Weller : and the defendant killed her in order to get away.
Castle : Isn't that all circumstantial?
Weller : Yes, which is why it's a good thing I have you, an eyewitness.
UNK: The defendant really should've taken that plea deal I offered.
Castle : Yeah, why didn't she?
Castle : What do you think their defense is going to be?
UNK: Don't concern yourselfwith that.
Weller : No matter how he tries to spin the facts, you stick with what you saw.
Castle : Nina O'Keefe killed Sadie Beakman.
Weller : - The victim's family. - Oh, yes, I remember.
Castle : Hi. Nice to see you again.
Castle : Sorry it's under such terrible circumstances.
UNK: Annie Beakman : Yeah, us too.
Castle : So how are you holding up?
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : Some good days, more bad.
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : We can't seem to get over it.
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : You know, my wife spent two years embedded with troops in Iraq,
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : and not a scratch.
UNK: And then a party in Manhattan...
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : Doesn't make sense.
UNK: Well, we're going to get herjustice.
Beckett : - Marcus. Hey. - Glad you could make it, Captain.
Beckett : So, um, what is this I hear about you asking Lanie out?
UNK: No, no, no, you've got that wrong.
Weller : - Lanie asked me. - Really? That's... But I...
UNK: Nina.
UNK: Caleb Brown : My name is Caleb Brown. I'm from the Public Defender's Office.
UNK: Caleb Brown : I'll be representing you today.
Beckett : What is Caleb Brown doing here?
Weller : That's a good question.
UNK: AII rise.
Bailiff : This court is now in session.
Bailiff : The honorable Judge Gloria wollcott presiding.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : Be seated.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : Well, well, well, Mr. Caleb Brown.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : As lovely as it is to see you in my courtroom, where's Mr. Novak?
Brown : Your Honor, Mr. Novak's wife went into premature labor last night.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : - Oh, no. - The baby's fine. As is the mother.
Brown : But, obviously, Mr. Novak is unavailable,
Brown : so the Public Defender's Office asked me to take over.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : - And you're up to speed on the case? - Yes, Your Honor.
Brown : Plus, I did a little work of my own this morning.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Any objections, Mr. weller?
Weller : None, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Then let's proceed, shall we? Bailiff, bring in the jury.
Weller : The People call Roger Masters, Your Honor.
UNK: Roger Masters : Sadie was kind, thoughtful. She was generous. I would know.
UNK: We were friends for over 20 years.
UNK: Roger Masters : I was her cameraman back when she was still a news correspondent,
UNK: Roger Masters : before she started her website...
Weller : Thank you, Mr. Masters. No further questions.
Brown : So the murder took place at your townhouse.
Brown : - Is that correct? - I'm afraid so.
Masters : My wife and I hosted the cocktail party where your client killed Sadie.
Brown : Did you see my client kill her?
Masters : No. No, I did not.
UNK: Lanie Parish : The fireplace poker punctured the rib cage,
UNK: Lanie Parish : and nicked Mrs. Beakman's aorta,
UNK: Lanie Parish : causing massive blood loss and her eventual death.
Brown : Did Mrs. Beakman die immediately?
UNK: It would've taken five to 10 minutes for her to succumb to her wounds.
Brown : Dr. Parish, would Mrs. Beakman have been in much pain?
Lanie : Yes. Excruciating pain.
Brown : No further questions, Your Honor.
UNK: Javier Esposito : The defendant was on the run...
UNK: until my partner caught up with her at Grand Central Terminal.
Brown : And did my client confess?
Esposito : No. She didn't make a statement.
Esposito : The only thing she said was that she wanted to speak with a lawyer.
Weller : The People call Richard Castle.
Bailiff : Raise your right hand.
Castle : Oh, sorry. This right hand.
Bailiff : Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,
Bailiff : - and nothing but the truth? - I do.
Weller : Mr. Castle, what is it that you do for a living?
Castle : I'm a murder mystery novelist.
UNK: Have you held any otherjobs?
Castle : Yes, six years as a civilian investigator,
Castle : working with the NYPD, homicides for the 12th Precinct.
Weller : So you're a bit of an expert when it comes to solving murders?
Castle : Yes. And I use that expertise to lend authenticity to my novels.