Castle : Much like when I discovered Sadie and Nina were having an affair,
Castle : I automatically assumed Nina killed her in a lover's quarrel.
Castle : When, really, the two of them were working together
Castle : to get something from you, Roger.
Joanna : What is he talking about?
Roger : I'm sure I have no idea.
Esposito : - May I? - Please.
Esposito : Turns out that Sadie asked Nina to bring her a glass with your DNA on it.
Esposito : The question is why?
Ryan : - My turn? - Go for it.
Ryan : We think that you were having an affair with Sadie.
Joanna : I knew it!
UNK: AII those years you were working together,
Joanna : your little secret conversations...
Joanna : You were cheating on me this whole time, weren't you?
Roger : Honey, it's not true. I swear.
Brown : You see, Sadie wanted a sample ofyour DNA
Castle : to prove that you are the father of Sadie's daughter.
UNK: Oh.
Joanna : - Oh, for the love of God... - I told you.
Castle : I don't understand.
Joanna : Roger is infertile
Joanna : due to a childhood illness. And Sadie knew that.
Joanna : Hell, the mailman probably knows it, given how much Roger talks about it.
Roger : It was a very traumatic experience.
Roger : As is this. I'd like you to leave.
Castle : Sorry, Roger, no can do.
Castle : Sadie wanted your glass. If not for DNA, then why?
Ryan : - Perhaps a fingerprint? - Why would Sadie need his fingerprint?
Roger : I have no idea.
Castle : Your wife does.
Joanna : - Right over there, behind the picture. - Joanna, how could you?
Joanna : Oh, please. I've been dying to know
Joanna : what you've been hiding in your safe for years now, Roger.
Joanna : And the fact that you didn't knock up Sadie
Castle : doesn't mean you weren't knocking boots.
Roger : If you think I'm opening that without a warrant, you're crazy.
Castle : How long would it take to get us a warrant?
Ryan : An hour or two.
UNK: We don't have that kind oftime.
Castle : - Joanna, you're a fan of Nikki Heat. - Yeah, so?
Castle : So how would you like to have a main character
Castle : named after you in my next book?
Roger : Joanna, don't you dare.
Joanna : - How about a villain? - Deal.
Roger : You wouldn't.
Esposito : What are we going to find on this tape, Roger?