UNK: Mmm. well, I believe you. It's just, honestly,
Martha : - it sounds to me like Nina killed her. - Me, too.
Castle : I have to find out for sure.
Alexis : Dad, there's no way to do that.
Brown : I know.
UNK: Or is there?
UNK: I've got it, and I'd only have to do two things.
UNK: One, delay the trial so I have a chance to investigate,
UNK: and two, have a one-on-one conversation with Nina.
UNK: Uh, Nina's lawyer will never allow it.
Castle : Which is why I'm going to have to be very clever with how I go about this.
Martha : I take it you have a plan?
Castle : You know I do, Mother.
UNK: Might I ask you what it is?
Castle : I'm going to get thrown in jail.
UNK: Yes?
Castle : Good morning, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, you can't be in here.
Castle : And yet here I am.
Castle : Your Honor, I was made a fool of yesterday on the stand.
Castle : I have a reputation to protect. So I would like a do-over.
UNK: - A "do-over?" - A do-over.
UNK: Okay, two things. One, that's stupid.
UNK: And two, your presence in my chambers is highly unethical.
UNK: I could hold you in contempt of court for this.
Castle : Well, I'd like to see you try.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Reggie, come in here, please.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, I'm aware of your friendship with the mayor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : So even though you don't deserve it, I'm gonna let you go.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Reggie, escort him out of the building, please.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Your Honor, I see you attended Iaw school at Hudson University.
Castle : That explains why you're so bad at your job.
UNK: Richard Castle : Excuse me?
Castle : Yes, you see, uh, everyone knows
Castle : only criminals attend Hudson University.
Castle : I, myself, have solved three homicides there.
Castle : - Hello? - Gloria Wollcott, please?
UNK: Speaking.
Martha : Yes, this is Tri-Mountain Security calling.
Martha : The alarm on your Connecticut home was triggered.
Martha : The officer responded,
Martha : and I'm afraid the report is that your residence was burglarized.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : What? Okay, I'm on my way.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : My house has been burglarized.
Castle : Your Honor, you know who I am and what I'm capable of doing.
Castle : - I can find those burglars for you. - How?
UNK: Well, first, we're gonna need a listing
Castle : of all the Hudson University students and alumnus in the Tri-State area.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Okay, that's it. Contempt. Have him thrown into a holding cell.