Park : and it's completely changed hospital policies on...
Taub : I get it, Treiber is nerd king.
Taub : The more people we kill, the more lives he saves.
Taub : Test is negative for dimethyl sulfate. Her blood is not toxic.
Park : Then we should look for toxic exposures from something else.
Taub : You really think the hospital is idiotic enough to issue toxic supplies?
Park : Have you seen his tools?
Park : Treiber doesn't always use "hospital issue".
Taub : Then he's the idiot?
Park : No, but I don't want to explain that assumption to House.
UNK: Taub And Park together : Found something. Found something.
Wilson : Thought we'd make it a road trip.
Wilson : '80s music, junk food, beer.
House : I have a dental appointment.
House : That I'm going to make now.
Wilson : Ah... I'll let you drive.
House : Not worth listening to you whine about
House : your feelings and fears for three days.
Wilson : It's not gonna happen. I've taken a vow.
House : People don't change. You're a person.
House : Ergo, pass.
UNK: Yes, that's why I brought this. 20005 of propofol.
UNK: You can accompany me willingly, or I will, when you least expect ii,
UNK: inject the contents of this vial into your bloodstream.
UNK: The fall might result in a concussion, or fractures,
UNK: or you might get lucky,
UNK: and simply wake up somewhere near Allentown with a nasty headache.
UNK: The choice is yours, and in case you've forgotten,
UNK: I am indifferent.
UNK: We leave tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 a.m.
Chase : No clots.
Park : No gas.
UNK: But we found enough of this to reanimate the entire morgue.
Taub : He's jacked on caffeine.
House : Stimulant psychosis.
House : How many times do I have to solve this case'?
Adams : So all we have to do is hydrate and observe him for 24 hours?
UNK: House to Chase : Why don't you tell him it was your idea? He might warm up to you.
UNK: House to Chase : If you get an ear in the mail, it's probably mine.
Treiber : My abdomen! It's my abdomen!
Park : It's just the effects of withdrawal. The pain is normal.
Treiber : No. No, this isn't right.
Chase : Abdominal pain and distension means
Chase : we were wrong about stimulant psychosis.
UNK: They could be coexistent problems.
Park : He might just have an obstruction.
Adams : You know what House says about coincidences.
Adams : I didn't feel any masses when I examined him, and no bowel sounds.
Taub : Where's House?
Adams : He hasn't come in yet.
Adams : And neither has Wilson. I've already tried him three times.
Taub : Here we go again.
Taub : Diabetes could cause nerve damage in his hand and gut, and...
Park : Except his glucose levels are normal
Park : and he probably would've mentioned he was a diabetic.
Chase : What about ulcerative colitis?
Chase : Earlier attacks caused thrombosis...
Adams : We already looked for clots,
Adams : and there was no blood in his stool.
Taub : Try him again.
UNK: Taub holding Up Both Phones : And Wilson's.
Chase : Wherever they are, they don't want to be disturbed.
UNK: If we take 78,
UNK: we can do the Sweet Treats & Salty Eats Snack Food Trail.
UNK: My trip, my itinerary.
UNK: We have to cover 300 miles today
UNK: to be there with plenty of time
UNK: to catch Julie by 4 : 00 tomorrow.
UNK: And that thing I said about letting you drive? I lied.
UNK: What?