Trieber : House says it's there?
Chase : Sometimes House is wrong.
Treiber : Run my bowel.
Taub : That's serious surgery. General anesthesia, long recovery...
Chase : We can do a contrast enema if you need more proof.
Treiber : I have drawers filled with people who had clean scans.
Treiber : I know how easy it is to miss something
Treiber : unless you use your own hands and eyes.
UNK: Run my bowel. We'll let House know how you feel.
Treiber : How I feel is twisted in white, hot agony.
Treiber : His orders were to look for an intussusception.
Treiber : Until you actually do that, I refuse any other tests.
UNK: Fine.
Taub : No, not fine!
UNK: We need to talk... And I want you to do the surgery.
UNK: Treiber to Chase : Statistically, you're the best surgeon in the hospital.
UNK: Crowd chanting : Kyle! Kyle!
UNK: Come on, you got this!
UNK: You got this! Come on!
UNK: Twenty five seconds.
UNK: You got this!
House : Come on! Home stretch, Kyle! Home stretch!
UNK: Fifteen seconds!
UNK: Crowd chanting : Kyle! Kyle! Kyle! Kyle!
UNK: No, don't chew! Just swallow!
UNK: - Just keep the meat down. - Six...
Waitress : - ...five, four... - Five, four...
UNK: House screaming : For the love of God, swallow! ...three, two, one!
UNK: Time!
House : Yes! Yes!
House : Yes! Oh, you magnificent bastard.
UNK: Smile!
UNK: It still counts, though, right?
Treiber : No hard feelings, right?
Chase : You'll find out when you wake up.
Chase : If you really think I'm a good doctor,
Chase : why do you treat me like an idiot?
Treiber : It's not because you lack talent.
UNK: It's because you've wasted it.
Treiber : Did you know I applied to be a fellow with House the same year as you'?
UNK: No.
UNK: I quit my other program,
Treiber : relocated, broke up with my girlfriend.
Treiber : Then your father made a call and, suddenly, you had the spot.
UNK: That was almost 10 years ago.
Treiber : Do you know what I could've done
Treiber : after even three years with House?
Treiber : Gone to the CDC, WHO,
Treiber : started a diagnostics department some place
Treiber : they'd never even heard of such a thing.
Treiber : You've been given everything.
Treiber : Looks, talent, my future.
Treiber : Nine years later,
Treiber : look what you've done with it.
UNK: Ugh!
House : Must be nice to be puking for the old-fashioned reasons.
UNK: I'm glad I did ii.
Wilson : You see those people out there cheering for me'?
Wilson : I was a hero.
Wilson : For one fleeting moment, for an incredibly stupid reason,
Wilson : for a bunch of morons I'll never see again.
UNK: God, it felt good.
UNK: And now if you'll excuse me,
UNK: I think I've made room for dessert.