Foreman : Treiber's comatose.
Taub : All brains on deck.
Adams : Where should we start? We think you might be right.
Wilson : I'm not.
Park : You couldn't have gone through all of these.
UNK: Chase who Is Sitting On The Ottoman : Don't have to.
Chase : Treiber's reports are thorough to a fault, his methods are fastidious.
Chase : The answer isn't down here.
Chase : Treiber didn't miss anything, we did.
Foreman : So what? Psychosis, abdominal pain,
Adams : pleural effusions, enlarged heart, coma.
UNK: Autoimmune, maybe Good pasture's. Kidneys are fine.
Adams : - Vasculitis? - No fever.
UNK: Lymphoma? Would've seen it on the heart biopsy.
Chase : Soap. It's the soap.
UNK: I blew ii.
House : Oh, God, here it comes.
Wilson : As always. All I wanted was some meaningless fun,
Wilson : and I couldn't even last three days.
UNK: House trying To Avoid The Conversation : Sound asleep! I'm sleep talking.
Wilson : I had the chance to fulfill a lifelong dream.
House : I swear I will jump out of this moving bus if you don't shut up.
Wilson : But instead, I sat with a sad, old woman for an hour and a half
Wilson : who forgot I existed three seconds after she left.
Wilson : And the stupidest thing?
Wilson : I never even had a crush on Julie Christie.
Wilson : In 12th grade, I was madly in love with Melanie Robbins
UNK: who happened lo look exactly like Julie Christie in Doctor Zhivago.
Wilson : And she really liked me.
UNK: We played spades every lunch period in Mr. Charlton's classroom.
Wilson : But, of course, there was this other guy.
Wilson : A great guy, Very popular.
Wilson : He had a car, he had a band, a moustache...
Wilson : Kyle Calloway.
UNK: Wilson smiling : I assumed that...
UNK: Wilson smiling : I hoped that we would go to the senior prom together.
UNK: Wilson smiling : But she asked me for a favor.
UNK: She asked if I minded if she went with him. She asked me if I minded.
UNK: Wilson smiling : And I said I didn't.
UNK: Wilson smiling : And that was it.
UNK: Wilson smiling : And I just did it again.
UNK: Wilson smiling : I let it go, like I let everything go.
UNK: Wilson smiling : And here I am, sitting on this bus,
UNK: Wilson smiling : with tickets I bought with my watch,
UNK: Wilson smiling : heading back home,
UNK: so a CT scan can decide my fate.
UNK: I don't want to go back, House.
Wilson : I just...
UNK: I just want to keep being Kyle.
House : Kyle would've ditched that sad, old woman from the bus stop.
Park : He probably would've ditched me, too.
House : I can live without Kyle.
UNK: Sno Ball?
Treiber : Guess this isn't heaven.
UNK: We found out who screwed up.
UNK: You.
UNK: It was your industrial strength antibacterial soap.
UNK: The additional triclosan does two things well.
UNK: Kills MRSA, and makes your thyroid look stupid.
UNK: It thinks the triclosan is a real hormone and closes up shop.
UNK: Excessive use over time, combined with excessive use of this,
UNK: led to hyperthyroidism,
UNK: which went undiagnosed until it presented with psychosis.
UNK: When the ER put you on sedatives,
UNK: it kicked you into myxedema crisis.
Treiber : Don't know that I ever would have thought of that.
UNK: House taught us to look for irony.
UNK: Hey.
Treiber : This wasn't House.
Chase : My locker key.
Foreman : I'll give you your own team.
UNK: Thanks.
Chase : But it's time to step out of the shadow.
Foreman : It's about time.
Chase : Any news?
UNK: Chase turning Around On His Seat : Not yet.
UNK: You come here so I can talk you out of it?
Chase : I came to say thank you.
House : It's been fun.
UNK: "Fun"?
House : Sounded pithier than, "We've shared a variety of situations".
House : Legal loophole, 13th amendment.
House : Abraham Lincoln may have looked great in that hat,
House : but his labor policies...