Taub : Or his email.
Park : It's been almost 24 hours, shouldn't we call Foreman, or the police?
Park : I think this makes him a fugitive.
UNK: Chase who Is Sitting On The Ottoman : We don't have to tell anyone.
UNK: Chase who Is Sitting On The Ottoman : Treiber's symptoms started in his frontal lobe
UNK: Chase who Is Sitting On The Ottoman : and moved through his nervous system.
UNK: Chase who Is Sitting On The Ottoman : Hands, bowels, muscles.
Park : Intermittent porphyria.
Chase : He's in the middle of an attack.
Chase : The longer we wait to treat with haemin, the more damage it causes.
Adams : The longer we wait to tell him House isn't running the case,
Chase : the more damage that causes. It's fraud.
Chase : It's only an issue if we're wrong.
Adams : It's more than one X-ray,
Adams : more than exploratory surgery even.
Adams : This is a drug that will damage him if you're wrong.
Chase : Same principle.
Wilson : I want a threesome.
House : Shouldn't we try a twosome first?
Wilson : Two women. Oh.
Wilson : I know they're probably overrated,
Wilson : and I'll probably be gravely disappointed,
Wilson : but I want one anyway.
House : No, you don't.
Wilson : Well, Kyle wants one.
House : Kyle's only one day old. He doesn't know what he wants.
House : I don't want to think about consequences.
House : I don't want to think about...
House : I don't want to think about anything I just wanna do.
House : Okay. I need you to do exactly what I tell you.
UNK: Wilson smiling : Yeah, yeah.
UNK: Porphyria?
Chase : I know the anesthesia makes it hard to focus,
Chase : but we need to start you on haemin right away.
Chase : House believes very strongly this is the right call.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : This thing is peeling.
House : Well, that is the cost of cowardice.
House : Should've gone for the real thing.
Wilson : I feel like I'm cheating.
UNK: "A", it is only cheating if you don't have cancer,
UNK: and it's Wednesday afternoon. Pickings are slim.
House : And more importantly, sober.
House : The cancer cut is the surest way to the pity-pooty party.
House : One down, one to go.
UNK: What? Wait, wait, what'?
UNK: Wilson looking In The Same Direction : She said yes? To a threesome?
House : She's empathetic.
UNK: Wilson suspicious : She's a hooker. Gave me a cancer rate.
Wilson : No, I have never paid for sex in my life.
House : You still haven't. It's my treat.
House : It's either that or you find two very open-minded women
House : to fall in love with you in the next hour.
Wilson : Bartender seems nice.
UNK: She seems female.
Waitress : Want something to eat?
House : My friend is dying of cancer.
UNK: God, you poor thing.
Bartender : It took my mother two years ago.
Bartender : But you can't give up hope.
House : He's pretty much resigned. Just wants to go out with a bang.
House : And another pun' what time do you get off?
Adams : Pleural effusions. It's not porphyria.
Chase : We're gonna need to put in a chest tube.
UNK: I want Dr. House.
Adams : We'll tell him exactly... l wanna talk to him!
Treiber : I want House! Where is House?
Treiber : Where is he? Where's House?
Chase : We don't know.
Wilson : You didn't have to sleep out here.
UNK: House in A Sleepy Voice : Four's a crowd.
Wilson : Apparently they left a longtime ago.
House : So, how was it? Was the amateur as good as the pro?
Wilson : It was confusing' perfunctory, and a bit sad.
House : Never mind.
Wilson : And exactly what I needed.
Wilson : Thank you.
Wilson : You feel like buying me breakfast?
Wilson : One of them stole my wallet.
UNK: Foreman pissed : You're lucky he's not pressing charges.
Chase : Porphyria was a legitimate call.
Taub : Until the pleural effusions.
Chase : We've done everything House would have if he'd been here.
UNK: Foreman angry : You lied to a patient.
UNK: Foreman angry : Treiber's condition is declining rapidly.