Wilson : Yes, it's mine.
Wilson : And, yes, I know that I can't drive stick.
Wilson : And, no, I don't care that I parked in a handicap spot.
House : "Staring death in the face has changed my life." What a cliché.
UNK: The cliché is to lead a more meaningful life.
Wilson : I've taken a holy vow to lead a less meaningful one.
Wilson : I've spent my life caring, giving,
Wilson : and searching for the profound.
Wilson : Now it's time for selfishness, indifference, and embracing the shallow.
House : Your scan's in three days.
House : Tell me this isn't just you killing time
House : until you find out if your cancer's gonna kill it for you?
Wilson : I just paid $75,000 for a ridiculously impractical car,
Wilson : the depth of shallowness.
Wilson : And tomorrow, I'm driving it to Cleveland to meet my boyhood crush.
House : The years have not been kind to David Cassidy.
Wilson : She's opening some kind of charity animal clinic, or something.
Wilson : I'm neglecting my patients to fulfill a silly fantasy.
Wilson : Textbook selfishness and indifference.
House : Or you've made sure that your patients
UNK: are well covered, the car is a rental,
House : and while waiting to get Julie Christie's autograph, you'll adopt a puppy.
Wilson : I don't even care whether you believe me or not.
UNK: Indifference.
Foreman : He tried to cut open his own skull.
Foreman : Head CT and tox screen were clean.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Cotard delusion. Also known as Walking Corpse Syndrome.
UNK: A disconnect in the amygdala
House : convinces you that you're secretly dead.
UNK: Case solved, rendering it...
House : What's the past tense of "interesting"?
Foreman : No prior history of mental illness,
Foreman : and before you say it was caused by antivirals, I've already ruled that out.
Foreman : Plus Cotard's doesn't explain the paresthesia in his hand.
Foreman : Also, Treiber won't let any other doctor near him.
Foreman : He trusts your work.
UNK: Chase surprised : Treiber's the patient?
UNK: House finally Convinced : What's the future tense of "interesting"?
UNK: How's Wilson doing? Wilson's scan is at the end of the week.
House : If his kickass chemo shrunk the tumor
House : to an operable size, he'll live.
House : If it didn't, he'll die.
UNK: That must be very hard. ls there anything we can do?
House : Other than the prayer circle, what is there'?
Adams : Patient's AST is high.
Adams : Psychosis could be brought on by liver failure.
Adams : Maybe Hep C?
UNK: House holding A Cup Of Coffee : Bilirubin and serum protein levels were normal.
UNK: It doesn't explain the tingly hand or why Chase hates him.
Chase : I don't hate him, he hates me.
Taub : He hates all doctors. And it's mutual.
Park : He only hates the ones that screw up.
Park : And you.
Park : And they only hate Treiber because he finds their mistakes.
Taub : Mistakes are a wee bit easier to find on a dead patient.
Taub : A distinction he fails to recognize. He's a rat.
Park : Who makes the hospital a safer place
Park : by keeping doctors accountable and focused.
Chase : What if he got something from a cadaver?
UNK: He handles a lot of them.
Adams : You suggesting we DDx them all?
Chase : No, just his last one.
Chase : She had bad knees.
UNK: If she used dimethyl sulfoxide for joint pain,
Chase : current from the defibrillator could've converted it to dimethyl sulfate.
Chase : When Treiber cut into her, her blood released toxic fumes.
Taub : Everyone in the basement would be sick.
UNK: Well, gas would've dissipated quickly.
Park : His lungs are fine.
Park : Blood clots make more sense.
Park : One in his hand explains the paresthesia,
Park : one in his carotid explains the psychotic episode.
UNK: House sitting Down : You two look for toxic exposure.
UNK: House sitting Down : Adams, you can help Chase ultrasound
UNK: House sitting Down : his evil nemesis for evil clots.
Treiber : I know House doesn't like seeing his patients,
Treiber : but doesn't a fellow doctor rate an exception?
Adams : Psychosis appears to be intermittent.
Treiber : Just snapped out of it long enough to ask
Treiber : if House actually ordered this test.
Chase : Don't worry, we're simply carrying out his direct orders.
UNK: Right, I forgot. That's what you were hired to do.
Treiber : Which is fine. His diagnostic error metric is .17,
Treiber : compared to the hospital average of .32.
Adams : You actually think you can quantify the value of every doctor?
Treiber : Someone should.
Treiber : And since I'm the only one who sees everything...
Chase : Right. You were hired to diagnose people after they're already dead.
UNK: Adams looking At The Ultrasound Screen : No sign of stenosis or clots.
Park : Every doctor, every diagnosis,
Park : every treatment, every result.
Park : It's pretty impressive.
Taub : It's pretty Orwellian.
Taub : All written in his secret code.
Park : He has to keep it confidential.
Taub : Just like the Wannsee Conference?
UNK: The Big Brother metaphor wasn't pointed enough for you?
Park : You had to throw in Hitler?
Park : A couple years ago, he noticed a link in child deaths,