House : This is Oubliette, Ohio. Buses don't run here after 1968.
Wilson : Ina said there's a bus every 15 minutes.
House : Ina is living in Alzheimersville.
House : Been here at least half an hour.
UNK: Wilson turning To Ina : Where are you going, Ina?
Ina : Naples, Florida.
Ina : Ben and I have a beautiful three-bedroom condo, all on the one floor.
Wilson : You're waiting for a bus to Naples?
Ina : Comes every 15 minutes. Ben'll be wondering where his dinner is.
UNK: Cab.
UNK: House holding Up His Cane : Whoa! Cab!
UNK: House holding Up His Cane : 20 bucks, 11 miles. Come on!
UNK: House holding Up His Cane : Come on, let's go.
UNK: Julie is gonna be at the clinic
UNK: House holding Up His Cane : for another 45 minutes, we can make this!
UNK: House holding Up His Cane : She thinks she's in Florida.
UNK: Okay. Bring her with.
UNK: Ina to House : I'm waiting for the bus.
House : Bus isn't coming, Ina.
House : But this cab is going to Naples.
Ina : - Ben'll be getting awfully hungry. - House.
House : We'll tell the cabbie to call the cops.
House : They'll come pick her up. Take care of her.
Wilson : Then I'll stay with her until they do.
UNK: House whispering : Goodbye, Kyle.
UNK: Ina to House : Bus comes every 15 minutes.
UNK: House pissed : Oh, shut up.
Foreman : Find anything?
UNK: Chase turning Around On His Seat : Not yet.
UNK: Chase turning Around On His Seat : Running tests for MRSA.
Foreman : You've got everybody worried about you quitting.
Chase : You here as my boss or my friend?
UNK: I've learnt a lot here.
Chase : Enough to run my own team.
Chase : It's time I moved on.
Chase : Unfortunately, that's how I felt last year, and the year before that.
Foreman : Maybe there's a reason you haven't left.
Foreman : You need structure and support.
Foreman : Somebody else calling the shots.
Chase : You didn't come down here as my boss or my friend.
Chase : You came down as House.
Chase : You're trying to insult me into making a decision?
Foreman : We've both seen it work.
Foreman : Either you rise to the challenge and quit,
Foreman : or you stay
Foreman : as a team member.
UNK: Orderly reading A File : Dr. Treiber! Dr. Treiber!
Park : He stopped responding when I was changing his IV bag.
Taub : Peter, open your eyes.
UNK: Coma.