House : I'm impressed.
UNK: Not by thai, but by your real effort to maintain the facade.
House : It's been almost an hour and there's been no mention of the elephant in the car.
Wilson : Well, I declined the elephant option.
UNK: Uh-huh.
House : In three days, you're gonna find out if you live or die.
House : You don't want to talk about it?
Wilson : No, but obviously you do.
House : So we're gonna talk about it, but because I want to?
Wilson : I am neither talking about it
Wilson : nor talking about not talking about it.
House : You are hard-wired to talk about it.
House : It's how you cope, it's who you are.
Wilson : Yeah, well, from now on, I am not me. I'm...
Wilson : I'm Kyle Calloway.
House : I thought your porn name was Rusty Packard.
Wilson : Kyle is roguish, carefree, and shares no qualities with James Wilson.
House : Can Kyle drive stick?
Adams : Treiber won't let us do anything without House.
Chase : House just took himself off the case.
Chase : You said no bowel sounds when you examined him.
UNK: No, like "diminished", or "none at all"? None.
Taub : You think it's an intussusception?
Chase : If it is, it could mean cancer's behind everything.
Chase : Let's get a plain film of his abdomen.
UNK: Adams pissed : Treiber will refuse any procedure
UNK: Adams pissed : that wasn't ordered by House.
Chase : Only if he knows it wasn't.
Taub : You want to lie to a guy whose favorite pastime is getting doctors fired?
Chase : We're adults with advanced medical training,
Chase : not children left alone with scissors.
Chase : It's one X-ray.
House : If we had a phone' we could've found somewhere a little less charming.
House : If we had a phone, you'd be making calls,
Wilson : This trip is about me, and I like this place.
UNK: It's not about you not wanting me to have a phone.
House : You're weak.
House : You knew that you'd backslide
House : and spend your time talking to teary ex-wives,
House : and your parents.
House : Trying to make them feel better about you being sick.
House : Bacon burger with fries looks awful. I'll have that.
Wilson : I'll have The Big One.
Waitress : You sure? It's $79.
Wilson : Unless I finish it in an hour, in which case, it's free.
UNK: It's an 80 ounce steak.
Wilson : I'm hungry.
Wilson : And an iced tea, please.
UNK: Waitress screaming Toward The Kitchen : Big One's up!
House : This place doesn't take credit cards.
UNK: My meal is going to be free,
UNK: and I'm going to be inducted into the Wall of Pain.
UNK: House smiling : Hello, Kyle.
UNK: No! Belly film was normal.
Taub : No sign of an intussusception or any other obstruction.