UNK: Foreman angry : He's agreed to let me take over the case.
UNK: Foreman angry : Dr. Chase will have no further contact with the patient.
UNK: Fine. I didn't say you were off the case!
Foreman : Sit down.
UNK: I ordered a cardiac MRI,
Foreman : enlargement of the left ventricle suggests an infiltrative disease.
Taub : It's sarcoidosis.
UNK: We could start him on corticosteroids
Foreman : and do a cardiac biopsy to confirm.
Chase : I disagree.
Chase : I was wrong about the porphyria,
Chase : but I wasn't wrong about the nervous system.
Chase : It's a prion disease.
Chase : That's why his symptoms have progressed so rapidly.
Adams : It's possible he was exposed and didn't know it.
Adams : Brains are often stored and not tested until weeks after autopsy.
Foreman : Treiber's too good to not take the right precautions.
Chase : Maybe the problem is he thinks the same thing.
Chase : His job's built on the premise that doctors make mistakes.
Chase : That includes him.
Chase : We should do a brain biopsy. In his condition?
Chase : Then we biopsy the brains in the morgue.
Chase : Find the one that exposed him.
Foreman : It's a needle in a haystack.
Chase : There's four of us.
Chase : Come on, we can at least start him
Chase : on amphotericin to halt the progress
Chase : while you do your heart biopsy.
Taub : No, we can't. Amphotericin plus the contrast dye for the biopsy
Taub : would overwhelm his kidneys. We have to choose one or the other.
Foreman : Biopsy his heart.
House : Wallets go in the minibar freezer.
House : If there's no minibar, the toilet tank. I've got exactly $20 left.
Wilson : I'm sorry, I wasn't familiar with hooker protocol.
UNK: We could use your credit cards.
House : No, we won't. I'm still on probation.
House : Leaving the state without permission will really P.0. my P.O.
Wilson : Doesn't matter.
UNK: House looking At The Dashboard : We can't even afford gas to get home.
UNK: And we're three hours behind schedule.
Wilson : We have enough gas to get to Julie.
Wilson : I don't care about anything else.
Wilson : What this time?
House : Just wondering how long this can last.
Wilson : You're still hoping that I'm gonna wake up and admit
UNK: that Kyle Galloway is just some lame excuse
Wilson : to have some naughty thrills, aren't you?
House : I'm actually hoping you won't.
Wilson : Oh, come on!