Castle : Thirty years of marriage and you don't know what to buy her?
Montgomery : If you stayed married long enough,
Montgomery : you'd know it's hard to stay original after the first 10.
Castle : That's fair.
Beckett : So, what's the secret to your success?
Montomgery : There's no secret. Just keep showing up.
Beckett : Any luck on Bobby Stark?
UNK: Yeah, but you're not gonna like it.
Esposito : Paparazzi snapped photos of him going into the Tribeca Grand Hotel
UNK: at 11 : 30 with a brunette wearing Jackie O glasses.
UNK: At 1 : 00 a.m. he left, at which point he relocated to a gentleman's club
Esposito : to watch mud wrestling.
UNK: Amber left her room at 11 : 00.
Beckett : Where was he between 11 : 00 and 11 : 30?
Esposito : In a cab on his way to Tribeca.
UNK: And we know this for a fact?
Esposito : Yeah, he was tweeting photos of his manhood along the way.
Castle : And that's how you trend on Twitter.
UNK: So the sequin must've broken off onto Amber
Beckett : after he bumped up against her.
Beckett : - Cut him loose. He's not our guy. - All right.
Beckett : Which means we're dead in the water.
UNK: I wouldn't go that far.
Ryan : Her stolen violin? We found it.
UNK: Where?
Ryan : Dumped in a garbage bin behind the hotel.
Castle : Disposed of by our killer! Just not the killer we thought.
Beckett : Did we get prints?
Ryan : Yeah. Amber Middleberry's and one other set belonging to the lovely,
Ryan : the talented contestant from Georgia.
Castle : Which one was...
UNK: Oh!
Joy : Amber and I have been friends since Little Miss Spangles.
Joy : Why would you think I killed her?
Beckett : Because your prints were all over the violin case, Joy.
Beckett : And she had it with her when she came back from dinner last night.
Joy : I held it for her while she fixed her tights.
Castle : They were on the violin, too.
Joy : She wasn't even supposed to be a semi-finalist,
UNK: but then she nailed all her pageant questions.
Joy : It was supposed to be her weakness, but she blew everyone away.
Joy : She was going to win.
Beckett : So then you killed her and you dumped her violin.
Joy : No! That is not what happened.
Joy : Last night, when we went back to the hotel,
Joy : I saw her go into her room,
Joy : drop off her stuff and then leave again.
Joy : But she left so fast, her door didn't close all the way,
Joy : so I went to shut it.
Joy : That's when I saw her violin.
UNK: She'd just left it there.
Joy : It was like a sign.
Dan : I thought,
UNK: "Joy Jones, how badly do you want this?"
UNK: How badly did you want it?
Joy : More than anything.
UNK: I'm 25. I'm old.
Joy : This is the last year I can qualify.
UNK: I thought if I took her violin, it might throw her off enough
Joy : in the talent finals that I could beat her.
Castle : But that wasn't enough for you, was it?
UNK: You thought, why not just take Amber out of the contest completely?
Joy : No! All I did was take her violin.
UNK: And when I found out she was dead, I panicked.
Joy : I thought someone might find out, so I threw it away.
Beckett : That's a pretty good act, Joy, but the judges just aren't buying it.
UNK: No, I swear!
Joy : I didn't have to kill Amber to get her out of the pageant.
Joy : I found something in her violin case. Something awful.
Beckett : And what did you find?
Joy : The reason she was murdered.
UNK: If these got out, it would've ruined her.
UNK: She would've been kicked off the circuit for good.
Castle : Oh, my God. She is absolutely, totally...
UNK: Naked!
Joy : There's a note on the back of that one.
UNK: "You know my price. Pay up or I will destroy you."
Beckett : So she was being blackmailed.
Castle : Looks like somebody made good on their threat.
Castle : Beauty queens and naked pictures.
Castle : As American as socialites and sex tapes.
Beckett : Amber dreamt of winning this pageant.
UNK: Why would she take those photos?
Beckett : I mean, she knew the chance that she was taking.
UNK: Well, just because you're smart and beautiful,
Castle : doesn't mean you have good judgment.
Castle : I didn't mean me.
Esposito : Just got off with Amber's father. That was a tough conversation.
Castle : You mean, he didn't know about the photos?
Esposito : And Amber didn't tell him about the blackmailer either,
Esposito : or try to borrow money.
Beckett : Well, maybe she paid off the blackmailer on her own.
Esposito : Not an option.
Esposito : Any money Amber did have
Esposito : went to paying for shoes, gowns and spray tans.
UNK: She only had 50 bucks in the bank.
Esposito : And she didn't have any recent withdrawals, either.
UNK: Justin said that she was upset.
Castle : Maybe that's because she didn't have the money to make it go away.
Beckett : Yeah, but then, why kill her?
UNK: I mean, a smart blackmailer would give her the time to get the cash.
Castle : Not if she threatened to go to the police.
Castle : Forcing him to take deadly action.
Castle : Deadly Action. That's a good title.
Esposito : I rechecked her phone. There's no record of any unusual calls.
Esposito : I figure the blackmailer contacted her through her hotel phone.
Esposito : That way he couldn't be traced.
Beckett : Castle, have you taken a look at these photos?
UNK: Only in so far as it pertains to the investigation.
Beckett : Look at the lighting and the composition.
Beckett : Whoever took these knew something about photography.
Castle : A professional.
Beckett : I mean, it happens all the time.
UNK: Girl gets a session with a pro, they finish,
Beckett : he offers to take a few art shots, she's desperate for the cash,
Beckett : he promises he'll never show it to anybody.
Castle : Until she makes it big, in which case they suddenly surface.
Beckett : Esposito, let's get a hold of the pageant consultant.