UNK: That's like 500 miles from Manhattan.
UNK: Alexis Castle : No, I know Northwestern is closer than Stanford,
UNK: Alexis Castle : I'm just saying that's not where you want to go!
UNK: Alexis?
Alexis : Hold on, Ash. My dad's talking to me.
Alexis : - What? - Don't you have school?
UNK: Yes.
Alexis : Look, Ash, I know you. And I think you need to get away from home.
Alexis : I mean, we all need to get away from home.
UNK: Hey!
Alexis : I gotta go. We'll talk about this later.
Alexis : Love you, too. Bye.
Alexis : We all need to get away from home?
Alexis : No. I should never leave.
UNK: Ew!
Castle : You look like you didn't get any sleep.
Alexis : I didn't. I mean, Ashley got his college acceptances.
Alexis : He got in everywhere.
Castle : That's great!
Castle : That's not great?
Alexis : I looked up statistics for high school sweethearts,
Alexis : when one of them goes to college out of state
Alexis : and the other stays in high school.
Alexis : The odds are not in our favor.
Alexis : I mean, I want him to go where he wants,
Alexis : but I don't want him to leave, and he doesn't want to leave,
Alexis : but I don't want him to resent me for not going where he wants.
UNK: And I don't know what to do.
Castle : Well, do what I do.
Castle : Look at the odds as a challenge.
Alexis : Says the man who always loses in Vegas.
UNK: Well, relationships are hard. Odds are, you'll figure it out.
Alexis : Odds are, someone's dead.
Dan : Thank you.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: You've gotta be kidding me.
Castle : A murder in the theater of the VB Tower Hotel? Victor Baron's place?
Castle : It's not the Baron, is it?
UNK: Kate Beckett : No, but you won't be disappointed. This one's right up your alley.
Castle : Why's that?
Beckett : Because our victim is a contestant.
Castle : Death of a beauty queen. Scandalous.
Beckett : Yeah. I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often.
Castle : Is that America's dad, Bobby Stark?
Castle : What's he doing here?
UNK: He's the pageant host.
Beckett : Please don't tell me that you watch his sitcom.
Castle : I learned from watching that show.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, Beckett!
Beckett : So, what's the story?
Ryan : Well, according to Candace Ford, our pageant manager,
UNK: victim is 21 -year-old Amber Middleberry.
Ryan : The contestants were rehearsing the production number.
Ryan : When they brought in the lighting truss,
Ryan : Amber was tangled up inside of it.
UNK: That must've been a show-stopper.
UNK: Hey there, Perlmutter.
UNK: Detective.
UNK: Writer.
Beckett : Cause of death?
Pearlmutter : Choked from behind with her own sash.
UNK: Probably between 11 : 00 p.m. and 1 : 00 a.m.
Castle : How did she end up on the lighting truss?
Ryan : Near as we can tell,
UNK: the lighting truss was left on stage after yesterday's rehearsal.
UNK: The killer probably thought he'd buy some time by dumping her on it
Ryan : and raising it up to the rafters.
UNK: So, whoever it was must've known how to use the stage equipment.
Ryan : No, the lift controls, they're on a touch-screen.
Ryan : Pretty easy to operate.
Beckett : When was she last seen alive?
Ryan : Last night.
UNK: The contestants, they all went to a dinner to honor Victor Baron.
UNK: 10 : 30, the party wrapped
Ryan : and they were all limo-ed back here to the hotel.
UNK: Amber used her keycard at 10 : 43 p.m. to get into her hotel room.
Ryan : After that, she wound up here.
Pearlmutter : Detective, there's something you should see.
Beckett : A black sequin?
Pearlmutter : Part of one. I found it in her hair.
Beckett : Okay, so, the killer might have transferred it when he strangled her.
Beckett : Let's find out who had access to this ballroom last night.
Beckett : And let's also talk to the pageant manager.
Beckett : I want to see if any of the girls' outfits match with this sequin.
Ryan : Will do.
Beckett : So, does Amber Middleberry have any family?
UNK: Yeah. Just her dad.
Dan : She started when she was nine. Little Miss Wholesome.
UNK: I was against the whole idea at first,
Dan : but Amber's mom had a bug about it,
UNK: and after her mother died,
Dan : I think it just helped her feel closer to her.
Beckett : Did your daughter have any enemies that you know of?
Dan : No, of course not. Everybody loved Amber.
UNK: And what about the other contestants? Were there any rivalries?
Dan : She went way back with some of these girls.
Dan : Even after she made it to the semi-finals,
Dan : everybody was hugging her.
Dan : And they were calling her the frontrunner.