UNK: Justin.
Beckett : Justin, stop.
UNK: Where you going?
Castle : A word of advice, Justin.
Castle : When the lady says stop...
UNK: Stop.
Beckett : Justin confessed to everything.
Beckett : His last three clients were losers.
Beckett : Amber was supposed to be his comeback,
Beckett : and if she didn't win, he was through.
Beckett : And apparently he found the same naked photos that we did
Beckett : and thought that her ex-boyfriend was trying to exploit her.
Castle : He was worried if they called the cops,
UNK: that her secret would get out and they'd both be ruined,
Castle : so he decided to handle it on his own.
Castle : Unfortunately, Jeremy was drunk.
Castle : He got violent, and Justin ended up killing him.
Beckett : And he staged it like it was a suicide.
Beckett : Once Amber found out, she threatened to turn him in.
Beckett : And he killed her.
Montgomery : That's a whole pageant of bad choices.
UNK: Good work, you two.
Montgomery : Good work, you all.
Dan : Thank you.
Castle : I see a beauty queen worthy of a crown.
UNK: Evelyn Montgomery : Always the charmer, Rick.
UNK: Baby, what are you doing here?
Montgomery : You know I was just coming to swoop you up.
Evelyn : Well, I know how you lose all sense of time when you're working.
Evelyn : I figured I'd meet you here.
Beckett : Do you guys have any big plans?
Evelyn : Dinner and dancing with the best husband in Manhattan.
Evelyn : Especially since he gave me that gift this morning.
Castle : What did you end up giving her?
Evelyn : I followed your advice, Castle.
Evelyn : I thought about some of the things
Evelyn : Evelyn said she wanted the past couple of years.
Evelyn : And my gift to her is, next year, I'm retiring from the force.
UNK: We're gonna go traveling.
UNK: We're gonna go to all the romantic places.
UNK: Wait, you serious, boss?
UNK: Do you really want to retire?
Montgomery : I haven't accomplished everything I wanted to on the job,
Montgomery : but I've done enough.
Montgomery : It's time for me to move on.
Evelyn : Best gift ever. More Roy.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: I taught you guys everything I know about doing this job, all right.
UNK: You're gonna be fine without me.
UNK: And for crying out loud, lose the long faces.
Montgomery : Smile, please?
Montgomery : That's an order.
UNK: Hey, you kids take care, all right? You guys behave now.
UNK: - You have a good time. - Congratulations, you guys. Good night.
Dan : Thank you!
Castle : Happy anniversary!
Beckett : - Good night! - Good night, Captain.
Ryan : What the hell did you say to him?
Castle : Nothing. No, I just told him to listen to what his wife wanted.
Esposito : Damn, Castle.
UNK: How can you... I did...
Castle : There's no way...
Beckett : Castle, let me let you in on a little secret.
Beckett : Captain Montgomery retires all the time. Just give it a week or two.
Beckett : He's like the Brett Favre of the NYPD.
Beckett : Trust me, he's not going anywhere.
Beckett : Not going anywhere.
Beckett : Hey, so I've been meaning to ask you,
Beckett : did Alexis make a decision about Ashley?
Castle : She did, actually.
Castle : She decided it was worth the risk
Castle : and she's going to just keep showing up.
Beckett : It's a good choice.
Beckett : See you tomorrow.
Beckett : See you tomorrow.
Castle : Ashley. What are you doing here?
Ashley : Hey, Mr. Castle.
Alexis : - Hey, Dad, guess what? - What?
Ashley : I'm going to Stanford!
UNK: What?
Alexis : I'm applying for early admission.
Alexis : Since I've been taking extra classes each semester since my freshman year,
Alexis : I have enough credits to graduate in the fall.
Alexis : - What? - Yeah.
Alexis : This way, Ash and I will be together in January.
Alexis : In college!
UNK: What?
Ashley : That was actually her idea, sir.
UNK: What?