Beckett : So instead of paying off her blackmailer, you killed him,
UNK: and then you came back here and took care of her.
Baron : It's not what happened.
Beckett : The cameras aren't rolling any longer, Mr. Baron.
Beckett : You can drop the act.
Baron : It's not an act!
Baron : Amber wasn't being blackmailed.
UNK: The conniving bitch was blackmailing me!
Beckett : She was blackmailing you?
Baron : She showed me the pictures.
UNK: She told me that she had her boyfriend come and take them while I was away.
Kayla : Wait, you left her alone in my house?
Baron : I had a meeting in the city. I was coming right back.
Kayla : How could you be so stupid, Victor?
UNK: She said if I helped her win the pageant,
Baron : the photos would never see the light of day.
UNK: "You know the price. Pay up or I'll destroy you."
Castle : It wasn't to Amber. It was from Amber.
Castle : She was still with her boyfriend. They were in it together.
Beckett : So then, what did you do?
Baron : I slipped her the pageant questions.
Baron : Why do you think she was doing so well?
Kayla : You ass!
UNK: Whoa! Whoa. Hey!
Beckett : Mr. Baron, where were you between 11 : 00 and 1 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : the night of the murder?
Baron : After the reception, I had drinks with Councilman Bollinger.
UNK: I got home at 1 : 00 a.m. Kayla was with me, weren't you, babe?
Beckett : Kayla, is this true? Were you with him?
UNK: Yes.
Kayla : Who else knew, Victor?
Kayla : Who do I need to be ashamed in front of?
Baron : No one else knew.
UNK: Well, someone else must've, otherwise two people wouldn't be dead.
Baron : The only other person I told was Candace.
Baron : I told her what Amber was trying to do, to me, to the pageant.
Baron : I told her to take care of it, make the problem go away.
Castle : Maybe she did.
Candace : I don't want to see any fingerprints on those glasses.
UNK: Being careful with fingerprints, are we, Candace?
Candace : We want everything to be perfect.
Beckett : This pageant really is your baby.
Candace : You noticed. Seventeen flawless years.
Beckett : So then, you would do anything to protect it.
Beckett : We know that Mr. Baron told you about the blackmail.
Beckett : And we know that he asked you to handle it.
Candace : Kill her? I wanted to kill Baron!
Candace : Seventeen flawless years, and he wants me to give her the answers
Candace : so his little fling can wear the crown?
Candace : But it was either that or that snake destroys everything!
Beckett : Where were you the night that Amber was killed?
Beckett : - Please don't... - Ms. Ford...
Candace : I was with someone.
UNK: Who?
Candace : I can't.
Beckett : Candace, if you have an alibi...
Castle : Bobby Stark.
Candace : I was with him at the Tribeca Grand.
Candace : And the worst part is,
Candace : he doesn't even remember.
Esposito : Tribeca Grand confirms that Stark was with Candace
Esposito : at the time of the murder.
Castle : She did smell a little bit like strawberry oil.
Esposito : Baron's alibi checks out, too.
Beckett : Which leaves us without a suspect.
Beckett : Okay, get into it with Baron's lawyers.
Beckett : Just because Candace didn't kill them
Beckett : doesn't mean he didn't hire someone else to do it.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Right. - Blind, naked ambition.
UNK: I think even your Debbie Winokur would've been appalled.
Beckett : Yeah. She would've.
Beckett : Debbie wanted to be a beauty queen
Beckett : because she believed in the ideals of beauty.
Beckett : She wanted to be beautiful on the inside and outside.
Castle : I thought you didn't like her.
Beckett : Well, deep down,
UNK: behind all of the makeup and the hair, she wasn't terrible.
Beckett : She was just a miserable person to live with.
Beckett : Unlike Amber, winning wouldn't have meant a thing to her
Beckett : if she had to cheat to do it.
Castle : Yeah, talk about choices that change your life.
UNK: When you make that choice,
Castle : when does winning become more important than your soul?
Beckett : I don't know. You have to be pretty cold and calculating
Beckett : to make some of the choices Amber did.
Beckett : Cold and calculating...
UNK: What?
Castle : Amber was cold and calculating.
Beckett : Yeah. So?
UNK: So all of those people we talked to about her?
Castle : One of them was lying.