Dan : This pageant, this one was her dream.
Beckett : When was the last time you talked with her?
Dan : Yesterday morning. I tried to call her last night.
Dan : I knew that dinner thing was over. I wanted to wish her luck, you know.
Dan : But she didn't answer the phone.
Beckett : And what time was that?
UNK: A little before 11 : 00.
UNK: I thought she must've gone to sleep.
UNK: But she must've left her room and come down here for some reason.
UNK: Victor Baron : Dan, I am so sorry.
UNK: We're gonna get the bastard who did this. You have my word.
UNK: Thank you, Mr. Baron.
UNK: Detectives, a word upstairs, if you don't mind.
Baron : This is a dark day.
UNK: A sad chapter in the history of Baron's All-American Beauty Pageant.
UNK: Kayla Baron : Victor, this is just awful.
Baron : My wife, Kayla.
Baron : You might recognize her as Baron's All-American Beauty 1995.
Castle : Yes, of course.
Beckett : Nice to meet you.
Kayla : Nice to meet you. Yes.
Kayla : This is just devastating. For us and for the girls.
UNK: We... We're like family.
UNK: How well did you know her?
UNK: Ummm...
Baron : She was a sweet girl. A hell of a violinist.
Kayla : Yes, she was.
Baron : Mark my words, I'm putting the entire weight
Baron : of the Baron empire behind this investigation.
Baron : Anything you need, just say the word.
Baron : Detective, I know you have to do your thing.
Baron : I'm just hoping,
Baron : since we are airing the pageant live this Friday,
Baron : if we could minimize the press, you know,
Baron : to be fair to the other girls.
UNK: We're gonna have to be fair to our victim first.
Beckett : And speaking of press, can we get rid of the cameras?
Beckett : This is, after all, a murder investigation, not a reality show.
UNK: We film everything behind the scenes at the pageant.
UNK: We'd like to catch the girls talking about each other.
Baron : Let them confess their hopes and fears.
Baron : You get the glamour, but you also get the underbelly.
Baron : People love the underbelly.
Kayla : Yes, they do.
Baron : But maybe this isn't the time.
Beckett : So, were all the girls staying at the hotel?
Baron : That's right.
Beckett : Okay, I'll need access to Amber's room.
Beckett : We'll also need hotel security tapes.
Beckett : Now, were those cameras recording last night's dinner?
Dan : - Of course. - Okay, we'll need the footage.
Beckett : We'll also need to interview all of the pageant contestants.
Baron : I'll have Candace give you anything you need.
Beckett : Great, thank you very much. It was nice to meet you.
UNK: Come again! Oh, no! We don't...
Baron : We don't want them to come again.
UNK: Small-town girl comes to New York for the fairy tale,
UNK: ends up with the horror story.
Beckett : Pageants aren't fairy tales.
Beckett : They're demanding, high-pressure competitions
Beckett : that bring out the very best and the very worst in people.
Castle : That is the voice of experience. Oh, my God! You were a beauty queen!
Beckett : No, I had a roommate, freshman year. Debbie Winokur.
Beckett : It was like living with Elle Woods on steroids.
Castle : Well, then.
Castle : This ought to bring back some memories.
UNK: Pageant Mom : You're slouching. Winners never slouch.
Beckett : Castle, they're everywhere.
Castle : Smells like a perfume counter at a department store.
UNK: Beats the usual lowlifes and nut jobs.
UNK: I don't know if you can say that nut jobs
Beckett : and beauty queens are mutually exclusive.
Esposito : Yeah, but none of them connect to the murder.
Esposito : I checked the sequin against all their dresses.
Castle : I bet you did.
Esposito : And none of them were a match.
Beckett : Okay, look at the footage from the dinner.
Beckett : Let's make sure that the dresses we checked
UNK: are the ones they actually wore.
Esposito : Watch a parade of beautiful women in evening attire?
Esposito : Yeah. I can do that.
Castle : I bet you can.
Ryan : Hey, so I've been interviewing these ladies...
Castle : I bet you did.
UNK: About their alibis last night.
Ryan : Anyway, there's someone that you should talk to.
UNK: So, tell them what you told me about what happened after dinner.
Sascha : When we got back to the hotel,
Sascha : I wanted to work out a couple of my dance moves.
UNK: I'm one of the semi-finalists, so I get to perform in the broadcast.
UNK: Congratulations.
UNK: Thanks!
Beckett : And then what happened?
Sascha : I changed into sweats and went to the stage.
UNK: And that's when I heard it.
Beckett : You heard what?
Sascha : A fight.
Sascha : It was coming from the dressing room.
Sascha : It was Amber and some guy.