Castle : Did you see the guy?
Sascha : The door was closed. It started getting loud, so I bolted.
Sascha : But now I wish I had done something.
Alexis : I mean, maybe he's the one who killed her.
Beckett : His voice, did you recognize it?
UNK: No.
Castle : What were they arguing about?
UNK: "How could you do this to me?" "You have no right."
UNK: "Who do you think you are?" Stuff like that.
Sascha : It kind of sounded like he was her boyfriend.
UNK: So that was Amber's dad.
Ryan : He said he didn't know anything about a boyfriend.
Ryan : Neither did any of the other girls.
Castle : Maybe she was keeping it a secret.
UNK: He said if anyone knew what was going on in Amber's life
Ryan : it was Justin Hankel, Amber's pageant consultant.
UNK: Justin Hankel : I coached her on her routine, interviews, oversaw stylists, makeup,
UNK: Justin Hankel : clothing, violin lessons, glamour shots. Everything she needed to win.
UNK: The two of you must've spent a lot of time together.
Justin : That's what it takes.
UNK: And today's pageants are not just about beauty.
Justin : They're about brains, talent, social issues.
Justin : And what with the money and the exposure at stake?
Justin : Winning one of the majors can launch a career.
Beckett : What about a boyfriend? Was she in a relationship?
Justin : No boyfriends. That is a rule for my clients
Justin : and Amber was no exception.
Justin : She knew that she needed to focus 100% of her energy on the pageant.
Beckett : You know, the night that she died, she got into an argument.
Beckett : - Any idea with whom? - No.
Justin : The last time I saw her was before her dinner.
Justin : But like I told that other detective, something was going on.
Beckett : How so?
UNK: She'd been off the last couple of days. Upset.
UNK: And I went to pick her up for a costume fitting
UNK: and it looked like she had been crying.
Castle : Did you ask why?
Justin : She said that someone was trying to take advantage of her.
Justin : I asked her who, but she said she would handle it.
Justin : It wasn't like her not to confide in me.
Castle : Could it have been one of the other contestants?
Justin : There's a lot of pressure on these girls to win.
UNK: And it can get really political between them.
Castle : Do you think it's possible political could turn deadly?
Alexis : I don't know. Winning means fame and fortune.
UNK: No one remembers the runner-up. Besides, people have killed for less.
UNK: It still doesn't explain who she was arguing with.
Esposito : Guys, I got something.
Beckett : One of the girls?
Esposito : Just watch.
Esposito : This is from Baron's dinner last night.
Esposito : That's our victim, Amber.
Esposito : She's laying it on thick for Victor Baron.
Esposito : Now watch this.
Esposito : There. See that?
Castle : Look at her face.
UNK: Looks like whatever good-guy sitcom star Bobby Stark said, she didn't like it.
Esposito : Don't just look at her face.
Esposito : Look at his tux.
Beckett : Black sequins.
UNK: Yo!
Esposito : Bobby Stark's blazer.
Esposito : Courtesy of the costume lady at the pageant.
Beckett : And the broken black sequin?
Esposito : Perfect match.
UNK: "Bam," said the costume lady.
UNK: She's not the only lady saying "Bam" when it comes to Bobby Stark.
Beckett : Does he have a record?
Ryan : No criminal charges, but Mr. Stark has quite the reputation.
Ryan : Three women filed restraining orders against Bobby Stark in the last year.
Ryan : All for unwanted advances.
Ryan : Word is, Stark paid quite a bit of cash to make it all go away.
UNK: But it gets better.
Ryan : I was talking to Candace Ford and couple of the other girls.
Ryan : They said that Bobby Stark had started paying quite a lot of attention to Amber.
Castle : Maybe it was unwanted attention.
Beckett : Maybe Bobby didn't know how to take no for an answer.
UNK: You looking at me? You looking at me?
UNK: Mr. Stark, I'm Detective Beckett...
Bobby : Nobody else around. You must be looking at me.
Ryan : Mr. Stark.
Beckett : Have a seat, please.
Bobby : Yeah. You like that bit?
UNK: That was my Bobby De Niro.
Castle : Playing a homicidal maniac.
Bobby : Sold it, though. Right?
Bobby : See, I got this range as an actor. You probably don't know about that,