Bobby : because I'm always typecast as Mr. Nice-Guy Dad.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I don't think you'll have that problem
Beckett : now that you're a murder suspect.
Beckett : Murder suspect?
UNK: Is she joking? You joking?
Beckett : What was your relationship with Amber Middleberry?
UNK: Oh, come on! Are you serious? I didn't kill her.
Bobby : If anything, I was trying to recruit her.
Beckett : Recruit her? For what?
UNK: Yeah, for my goddess train.
Castle : The goddess train?
UNK: It's like my own little private pageant.
Beckett : And how did Amber respond to this oh-so-enticing offer?
Bobby : You know what, she hadn't seen the light yet.
UNK: But she was coming around.
Bobby : I could always tell the innocent act when I see it.
UNK: Besides, who wouldn't wanna ride the Bobby rocket?
Castle : Everyone, from what we hear.
Beckett : Mr. Stark, here's what I think happened.
Beckett : After dinner, you invited Amber back to your dressing room
Beckett : and she had the bad sense to agree.
UNK: And that's when you tried to make another pitch
Beckett : to get her on board your goddess train.
UNK: But she shot you down, you flew into a rage and you strangled her.
Beckett : You were rehearsing on that stage all week.
Beckett : You knew all of the equipment.
UNK: Stop.
Bobby : You guys are crazy, you know that?
UNK: Okay, well then maybe you can explain why we found
Beckett : this broken sequin from your jacket on her body?
Beckett : Where were you between 11 : 00 and 1 : 00 a.m. last night?
UNK: Ahh...
Bobby : I don't know, I'm a little foggy on that, actually.
UNK: I was partying pretty hard.
Castle : Who were you with?
UNK: I'm not sure, but whoever it was, we were definitely using strawberry oil.
Beckett : Okay, so let me get this straight.
Beckett : You don't remember where you were, or what you were doing last night?
Bobby : That's bad, right?
Beckett : That guy's dropped more pills than a three-fingered pharmacist.
Castle : I just can't believe that someone who's given so much
Castle : great fatherly advice on TV could be guilty of murder.
UNK: He's a drug-addled predator who left physical evidence on the body.
Castle : Well, when you put it that way...
Beckett : - Hey, Esposito. - Yo!
Beckett : We need to reconstruct Stark's evening.
Beckett : Check his phone records.
UNK: Double-check security cameras at the hotel.
Beckett : We need hard evidence to place him at the crime scene.
UNK: I've got something that might help.
Esposito : Amber had her violin with her at dinner.
UNK: But it wasn't with the body or anywhere at the crime scene.
UNK: So where'd it go?
Beckett : We know Amber went to the hotel. So maybe she dropped it off there.
Esposito : Except uniforms inventoried the room.
Esposito : It wasn't there, and her dad and consultant didn't see it either.
Castle : So maybe she had it when she was killed.
Beckett : And Bobby Stark disposed of it.
Beckett : Check trash cans, dumpsters and sewer drains by the hotel.
Beckett : If someone saw him ditch the violin, we can connect him to the murder.
Esposito : All right.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, beauty pageant intrigue. Some things never change.
UNK: Oh! Here it is.
Castle : I didn't know you competed.
Martha : Well, that's because I didn't win.
UNK: But I will tell you. The women I competed against,
Martha : just as cutthroat as they are now.
Castle : What was your talent?
Martha : The way I wore a sweater.
UNK: Hi, honey.
Castle : Hey, Alexis.
Castle : What's wrong?
Alexis : Ashley made his decision.
UNK: Uh-oh!
UNK: Stanford?
UNK: No.
Alexis : He decided to go to school here, in New York.
Martha : What's not good about that?
Alexis : Stanford was his dream.
UNK: I don't wanna stand in the way of that.
UNK: He'll just end up hating me for it,
Alexis : and this could be the most important decision of his life.
Alexis : So I made a decision, too.
Alexis : I broke up with him.
Martha : Oh, baby.
UNK: No, it's okay.
Beckett : Well, she's right, you know. I mean, odds are it won't work out.
Beckett : She's just being practical.
Castle : Relationships aren't math problems.
Castle : You don't solve them by being practical.
Castle : I mean, what happens when she meets her soul mate,
UNK: but she doesn't risk it because it's not practical?
Esposito : Okay, then.
Esposito : What about Hawaii? Earrings? Ooh, lingerie.
UNK: Things you'd buy a woman!
UNK: It's my 30th anniversary.
Beckett : Sir, congratulations.