Beckett : Why would the partner kill Jeremy?
Castle : Maybe they had a falling out.
Castle : Maybe Jeremy decided he couldn't hurt Amber.
Castle : But the partner still wanted his payday.
Beckett : So, he takes out Jeremy and decides to go after Amber himself?
Castle : But Amber decides to call his bluff.
Castle : She says she's going to contact the police.
Castle : Now the blackmailer has no choice.
Castle : He has to kill her and get rid of all the evidence of blackmail.
Beckett : Ryan, get me everything you've got on Jeremy Keiper.
Ryan : Sorry, baby.
UNK: It's late. I'll leave you to it.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : What are you looking at?
Castle : You really miss him, don't you?
Castle : You know, I hate to interfere...
Alexis : Since when?
Castle : Point taken.
Castle : Ashley dropped by the precinct to see me today.
Alexis : He did? Why?
Castle : He wanted me to intercede on his behalf.
UNK: What'd he say?
Castle : Well, he looked about as happy as you do.
Castle : And he wanted me to tell you that he's decided to go to Stanford.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: And
UNK: he wants to give a long-distance relationship a shot.
Castle : He thinks it could work.
Alexis : What do you think?
Castle : I think that nothing is certain.
Castle : And you could be ending something that might've worked
UNK: if you'd just given it a little more time.
Alexis : What if I'm just cutting my losses on something that was never meant to be?
Castle : Life is a journey.
Castle : And there is no predicting the outcome.
UNK: The only thing you can control are your choices. And they'll...
Castle : They'll define who you are.
Castle : I would just hate to see you so focused
Castle : on the problem right in front of you that you
Castle : completely miss the entire picture.
Alexis : That's pretty good advice.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, actually it is, isn't it?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Remind me to get you a subscription to a girly magazine for Christmas.
Castle : That is so thoughtful, but I'm not looking at the naked girl.
Beckett : What are you looking at?
Castle : Everything but the naked girl.
Castle : We were so focused on Amber, we almost missed the entire picture.
Castle : What if Amber and Jeremy were killed not because of who was in this photo,
Castle : but because of where the photo was taken?
Castle : Anything look familiar?
Beckett : Sure does.
Castle : You can thank me later.
Beckett : Talk about a motive for murder.
Beckett : If these photos got out to the tabloids...
Castle : It would destroy everything.
Beckett : - NYPD. - They're inside.
Kayla : The memorial for Amber should be simple, tasteful.
Baron : And very, very classy.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Detective.
Baron : Is there something I can help you with?
Beckett : Yes. We need to ask you a few questions.
Baron : Ask away.
UNK: Fine.
Beckett : Tell us about the blackmail and the murder of Amber Middleberry.
Baron : Shut the cameras off. Go! Now!
Beckett : I thought you said that everybody loves the underbelly.
Kayla : What's going on, Victor?
Castle : What's going on is, we finally figured out who,
Castle : aside from Amber,
Castle : would be nervous about these photos.
Kayla : What photos?
Castle : Oh, my God.
Kayla : Oh, my God, Victor! Oh, my God!
Baron : It's not what it looks like.
Kayla : It's not what it looks like? This is...
Kayla : This is our house in the Hamptons. This is our bed!
Baron : It's our vacation bed.
UNK: Right underneath the $2 million Picard
Beckett : that you purchased at the auction, which just happens to be
Beckett : the companion to this painting, here in your office.
Castle : Looks as though you were hoisted on your own Picard.
Baron : I can explain.
Kayla : We agreed, Victor. Never again.
UNK: It was just a weekend.
Kayla : Just a weekend? I have friends in the Hamptons.
Kayla : What if somebody saw?
Kayla : I won't be humiliated because you can't keep it in your pants!
Baron : - No one saw! - No one saw?
Kayla : No, you took photos so everyone could see.
Baron : I didn't take those pictures.
Beckett : Here's what I think happened.
Beckett : Amber was being blackmailed.
Beckett : She couldn't pay, so she came to you for help.
Castle : Only, you had a lot to lose.
Baron : Those pictures, they have a way of getting out.