Ashley : So, now I'm going to Stanford,
Ashley : which is where I wanted to go in the first place, but...
Castle : But if you call her and tell her that,
Castle : she'll be even angrier with you for ignoring her boundaries.
Ashley : Exactly. Look, I think Alexis and I
UNK: can make the whole long-distance thing work, I really do.
Ashley : Would you tell her that? Would you talk to her for me?
Castle : Ashley, I appreciate,
Castle : it was probably very hard for you to come down and talk to me today.
UNK: But I just don't think it's very appropriate for me...
Ashley : Mr. Castle,
Ashley : have you ever been crazy about someone
UNK: who was determined to push you away?
Beckett : Hey, Castle.
Beckett : Sorry, guys.
UNK: No...
Martha : It's okay...
Castle : Ashley, I'm sorry. I do have to go.
UNK: Please just think about it, okay?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : What was that about?
Castle : He wants me to advocate for him.
Beckett : - Well, that's sweet... - Yeah.
Beckett : ...and awkward.
Castle : - Mostly awkward. Yo, Beckett!
UNK: I just got off the phone with Jeremy Keiper's mom.
Ryan : Turns out Jeremy moved to New York last month.
Ryan : Said he was going to "make something of himself."
Castle : Looks like he made himself into a blackmailer and a killer.
Beckett : Jeremy Keiper, NYPD. Open up!
Beckett : Mr. Keiper?
UNK: Anybody here?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Looks like someone had a hard time letting go.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: This is a classic murder-suicide.
Castle : Jeremy blackmails his ex-girlfriend, not because he needs the money,
Castle : but because, clearly, he's obsessed with her.
Castle : Amber rejects him and his schemey scheme,
UNK: he flips, he snaps. He kills her.
Castle : And then, faced with the reality of what he's done, hangs himself.
UNK: There's only one problem with your theory, Castle.
Ashley : Which is?
Pearlmutter : This wasn't a suicide.
Pearlmutter : This wasn't?
UNK: If he'd hanged himself,
Pearlmutter : the marks on his neck would angle upwards.
UNK: - Yes, which they do. - Yes,
Pearlmutter : but if he was strangled, the marks would go straight across.
Pearlmutter : This guy's got both.
UNK: So then the hanging was a cover up for the strangulation.
UNK: There's also peri-mortem bruising on the arms and across the ribs.
Pearlmutter : I'm guessing there was a struggle.
Beckett : Estimated time of death?
UNK: Well, judging by temperature and lividity,
Pearlmutter : he was killed half a day before Amber Middleberry.
Pearlmutter : Before Amber?
Pearlmutter : Yes! Before!
UNK: Now can you please move? You're in my light.
Castle : This doesn't make any sense.
Castle : If he didn't kill Amber...
Castle : How do a blackmailer and his victim both end up dead?
Esposito : Yo. Check this out.
Esposito : His hard drive's been wiped.
Beckett : That's our connection, Castle.
Beckett : The one thing that Amber and Jeremy had in common. Those photos.
Beckett : Someone didn't want them to see the light of day.
Beckett : Amber's dad had no idea this was going on with his daughter.
Beckett : She didn't even mention Jeremy's name in the last six months.
UNK: Was there anything else that Jeremy and Amber
UNK: could've been involved with while they were together?
Beckett : No, not that he can recall.
Castle : These pictures, by today's standards, are downright tasteful.
Castle : How do these get you killed?
Beckett : It can't be about naked pictures. Something else must've been going on.
Castle : - Unless... - Unless what?
Castle : Unless Jeremy wasn't the only blackmailer.
Castle : What if he had a partner?
Castle : We know Amber was arguing with someone the night she was killed.
Castle : We know it couldn't have been Jeremy, because he was already dead.