UNK: Peter Monroe : No, no, no. We need more Hannah.
UNK: Peter Monroe : She's the reason our numbers are spiking!
UNK: We all like this at the network, Peter. It's balanced.
Peter : Maybe that works for your brain-numbing finance shows,
Peter : but this is reality TV.
Peter : We need to hype the conflict. We need the unexpected!
Jeff : Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Monroe. The police are calling for you.
Jeff : There's been a murder.
UNK: Okay, okay. Heart-shaped cuff links?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Could you stop guessing?
Castle : Okay, a pony. It's a rocket.
UNK: It's a limited-edition Star Wars lightsaber signed by George Lucas.
Beckett : Yes, because nothing says "Happy Valentine's Day"
Beckett : like a Star Wars toy.
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait.
Beckett : Please tell me that
Beckett : you didn't get me a lightsaber for our first Valentine's Day together.
Castle : Please, give me some credit.
Castle : You are gonna love what I got you.
Beckett : And you're gonna love what I got you.
Castle : What about you, Espo?
Castle : Any plans for Valentine's Day tomorrow?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Uh, yeah. Investigating a murder.
Castle : I see.
UNK: Victim was Hannah Green, 23.
Esposito : She's one of the stars of the show The Wives of Wall Street.
Esposito : Her brother's on his way into the precinct from Jersey.
UNK: Wives of Wall Street, the reality show?
Esposito : Yeah. Seen it?
Castle : Just long enough to make me wanna kill myself.
Castle : One minute of lunatics backstabbing each other is enough.
Esposito : Speaking of backstabbing...
Beckett : She almost looks like she's asleep.
UNK: The bus driver who came through last night
UNK: at 11 : 15 thought she was.
UNK: Wasn't until this morning anyone realized she was dead.
UNK: Based on liver temp, the earliest she could have died is 10 : 00, 10 : 30.
UNK: Okay. So she was killed in that hour.
Esposito : Looks that way.
UNK: There was no purse or cell on the body.
Esposito : But if she was mugged,
Esposito : the doer missed that diamond tennis bracelet on her right wrist.
Castle : And if it was a mugger, he has exquisite taste in cutlery.
Castle : That's a Takahara VG chef knife.
UNK: Runs about 200 bucks.
UNK: That's pretty high-end for a murder weapon.
Lanie : Well, whoever attacked her, it looks like she fought back.
UNK: She has defensive wounds, abrasions on her wrist
Lanie : and some possible genetic material underneath her fingernails.
Lanie : I'll run DNA once I get back to the morgue.
Beckett : She live in the area?
Esposito : No. Downtown. Thompson Hotel.
Beckett : So, what was she doing up here?
Esposito : I don't know.
Esposito : The producer of The Wives of Wall Street
Esposito : said they weren't filming in this area.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey. Sorry I'm late.
Esposito : Yeah. Jenny again?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Her temperature spiked this morning, and suddenly it's showtime.
Ryan : She's got this baby-making down to a science.
Castle : Sounds romantic.
Ryan : I feel like a rooster in a hen house. Except for there's only one hen.
Ryan : A very bossy hen.
Beckett : Okay, Espo, you and the rooster start a canvass
Beckett : and Castle and I will talk to the producer,
Beckett : see if he can give us any background on Hannah's life.
UNK: Hannah Green : Look, I am not this person.
UNK: Hannah Green : Things just happen, and they...
UNK: Hannah Green : They end up defining you, but it's...
UNK: Hannah Green : It's not always fair.
Peter : That's it.
Peter : That's the last image we shot of Hannah.
Peter : Poor girl.
Peter : Such a loss.
Peter : She was ratings gold.
UNK: You're gonna have to find who did this. The audience will wanna know.
Castle : Yeah, not to mention her family, the DA...
Beckett : Mr. Monroe, when was this shot?
UNK: Uh, day before yesterday. Around 8 : 00 p.m. Why?
Beckett : Because she's wearing the same clothes that we found her in.
Beckett : That's a full day later.
Beckett : Do you know where she went after filming
UNK: or why she would've been on the Upper West Side?
Peter : Well, to be honest, when the cameras go away, so do I.
Peter : So I don't even know what she did on her free time.
Castle : In the video, she seems upset. Any idea what about?
Peter : You gotta understand,
Peter : we brought Hannah in to be Penelope's assistant.
Peter : You know, mix things up a little bit.
UNK: The small-town girl with the big-time dreams
Peter : of becoming a fashion designer.
Peter : Will she make it with The Wives of Wall Street?
Peter : She's just milking it for the camera. They all do.
Castle : So it's a reality show, just without the reality.
Peter : I like to think of it as heightened reality.
UNK: Reality-ish.
Beckett : In real reality, did she have problems with anyone on the show?
Peter : Well, you put a bunch of tough-minded women together,
Peter : you're gonna get a spat or two.
Peter : But Hannah was part of the family.
UNK: Okay. Well, I'm gonna need all of her tapes
Beckett : just in case there's something relevant.
Announcer : Of course.
UNK: Although, you might wanna check out her own family.
Peter : I know that she had trouble with her brother, Charlie Green.
UNK: Charlie Green : Hannah always wanted to make it big in the city.
UNK: Charlie Green : And when she came here, she...
UNK: Charlie Green : She lost her way.