Margo : - That's terrible. - Yes.
UNK: Yes, it is. Would you mind telling us why she came by?
Margo : To apologize.
Beckett : For what?
Margo : After Penelope fired Hannah for the affair,
Margo : I hired her to develop a clothing line with my son, Stone.
Margo : I heard she had talent,
Margo : and it wouldn't hurt to get some screen time.
Margo : Bob and Hannah's affair has been the big story arc these past few months.
Margo : Three days ago, she was supposed to come by and present her ideas.
UNK: The Wives of Wall Street cameras were here and ready to roll,
UNK: and Hannah is a no-show.
Castle : Did she say why?
Margo : No. If it was anyone else, I would fire her.
Castle : But it didn't hurt that you had a little more screen time.
Margo : I know that's crass, but that's how this works.
Margo : When she came that night,
UNK: Hannah only said she was sorry and promised to recommit to her job.
Beckett : Did she tell you where she was going afterwards?
UNK: No. I, I assumed that she was going home.
UNK: And what did you do when she left?
Margo : I jumped on a conference call with my entertainment attorney
Margo : to discuss Stone and Ashley's spin-off.
UNK: So, phone records confirm that Margo made a 56-minute phone call
UNK: to her entertainment lawyer at 10 : 23 from her landline at the apartment.
Castle : You know, the truth is, anyone who subscribes to
UNK: the Wives Of Wall Street website
UNK: would've known that Hannah was at Margo's building
Castle : from that photo.
Castle : They send out text alerts any time there's a new post.
Castle : And they have hundreds of thousands of subscribers.
Esposito : Hey, I got a little mystery here.
Castle : You mean besides your Valentine's Day plans?
UNK: Shh!
Esposito : Hannah's financials.
Esposito : For the past two months,
Esposito : she's been making weekly cash deposits of five grand.
UNK: Now, I checked with her family, everyone on the show,
Esposito : no one knows where it's coming from.
Beckett : I take it she didn't make it selling Girl Scout cookies.
UNK: Well, maybe it had something to do with where she was
Esposito : when she missed the pitch meeting with Margo on her fashion line.
Esposito : Credit card charge puts her at a dive bar in Brooklyn called The Last Stop.
Beckett : A dive bar? What was she doing there
Beckett : instead of at the most important meeting of her life?
Esposito : I don't know. The bartender said she was having
Esposito : a pretty heated discussion with some dude.
UNK: So I got the bartender sitting down with a sketch artist,
Esposito : see if we can figure out who he is.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Sorry, I had to run home and...
UNK: Cock-a-doodle-doo?
Esposito : That's good.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Uh, yeah.
Ryan : Tomorrow's going to be the least romantic Valentine's Day ever.
Ryan : - Oh, thank you. - Yeah.
UNK: So, I had Tech looking into Hannah's last 24 hours
Ryan : after her fight with Penelope and before showing up at Margo's.
Beckett : And did they find anything useful?
Ryan : They didn't find anything at all.
Ryan : She didn't make any calls, didn't answer any calls, sent no texts,
UNK: she didn't even log on to her e-mail or any other online accounts.
UNK: No digital fingerprint whatsoever.
UNK: Looks like she disappeared.
Castle : Why would she go radio silent for 24 hours?
Beckett : And where the hell was she?
Lanie : I'll tell you where she was.
UNK: Madagascar.
Castle : As in the country off the southeastern coast of Africa
Castle : made famous by the adorable animated film?
Lanie : Yep. The material I found underneath her fingernails?
Lanie : Not skin from an attacker.
Lanie : It's Alluaudia.
Beckett : And what is Alluaudia?
UNK: "A rare, spiny plant,
UNK: "cultivated primarily in Madagascar."
UNK: So, how did it get under her fingernails?
Lanie : Beats me. As for her defensive wounds,
Lanie : they were not sustained at the time of murder.
Lanie : They're from 24 hours prior.
Beckett : That's about the time that she went off the grid.
Beckett : Which means there's gotta be a connection.
Lanie : Well, I think there is.
Lanie : Remember this abrasion?
UNK: Javier Esposito : - Yeah. - Well, I figured out what caused it.
UNK: Her diamond tennis bracelet.
Castle : But wasn't that on her right wrist?
Lanie : - Good memory. - So, her wrists were tied together.
Lanie : Tight, and for several hours.
Beckett : Now it's making sense. Wearing the same clothes overnight.
Castle : The radio silence.
Beckett : And the defensive wounds 24 hours prior to death.
Castle : Hannah was held hostage.