Beckett : If Hannah was being held hostage, then why didn't she report it?
Ryan : And how did she get magically transported to Madagascar?
Castle : And why would she go afterwards to Margo's
Castle : to apologize for missing work?
Beckett : It has to have something to do with those $5,000 payments
Beckett : and that meeting with that mystery man at the bar in Brooklyn.
Castle : It all seems so random.
Castle : I mean, I know by the end of this,
UNK: all of these clues will fit together beautifully in a murderous mosaic.
Castle : But how?
UNK: Wait!
Castle : Is this your Valentine's Day gift to me?
Castle : A complex mystery where nothing makes sense?
Castle : You know me so well.
Esposito : I hate to interrupt your little, uh, love connection,
Esposito : but I checked traffic cameras.
Esposito : I found footage of Hannah arriving at Margo's building in a taxi.
Esposito : I got the medallion and talked to the cabbie
Esposito : whose log showed that he picked up Hannah at 78th and Lex.
Beckett : Did he say where she was coming from?
Beckett : - Building, store? - He didn't know.
UNK: He said she was standing on the corner when she flagged him down.
Ryan : Well, then, she could've come from anywhere.
Ryan : There's no way we can narrow that down, bro.
Gates : Maybe there is.
Gates : I spoke to a regulator at the Department of Agriculture.
Gates : It seems Alluaudia is used in green sustainable architecture.
Gates : In rugs, flooring, wallpaper. Possibly from a building nearby.
Beckett : All right. Espo, you get uniforms to canvass the area around 78th and Lex.
Beckett : Let's see if there's any green sustainable buildings
UNK: that might use that Allu-whatever-the-plant-is.
Esposito : As you wish.
Castle : Captain Gates, participating in the case,
Castle : engaging in idle speculation.
Castle : We are not so different, you and I.
Castle : There's a difference. We're different.
Beckett : You know, this could actually be our big break.
Gates : Only, we may not have gotten to it
Gates : if I hadn't recognized Margo's building in that photo.
Gates : Which is why I think each of you
Gates : should watch some Wives of Wall Street episodes tonight.
Gates : For the good of the case.
UNK: So, would you like to come over for a little viewing party?
Beckett : So you can badger me about what I'm getting you for Valentine's Day?
Beckett : No, thanks. I think I will pass.
Castle : Okay, but I'm warning you,
Castle : I'm kind of competitive when it comes to giving gifts.
Castle : Don't feel bad if yours isn't as good as mine.
Beckett : What if it's better?
Beckett : - Better? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : How could it possibly be better?
Beckett : Oh, I guess it just depends on what you got me.
Martha : Oh, Richard, these are breathtaking.
Alexis : Beckett is going to love them, Dad.
Castle : Right? She'll have a tough time competing with that.
Castle : One of the perils of dating a gift ninja.
UNK: Ooh, you wanna be a real ninja?
Martha : You just slip these into her coat pocket
Martha : - when she's not looking. - Ooh.
Castle : Mother, I like that idea. The element of surprise, the ninja way.
Castle : What about you, Alexis? Any plans with Max?
Alexis : We're just going to study together.
Castle : Doesn't sound very special.
Alexis : Well, I think we'll mostly just study each other's eyes.
Castle : And you, Mother? Any special plans?
UNK: We're gonna do dramatic readings of love letters at my studio.
Castle : Well, that's nice.
Castle : And speaking of drama,
Castle : would anyone like to join me for
UNK: a screening of Wives of Wall Street? Popcorn included.
UNK: Two-hour lunches are not acceptable, Hannah.
Margo : We're running a business here.
Hannah : I wasn't at lunch. I was getting fabric samples.
Margo : That is no excuse for being late. You are not in Kansas anymore, Toto.
Castle : Shoot me now.
UNK: Boy, I wish I had had these reality shows in my day.
Martha : No script, overacting, screaming at everybody. What a gig.
UNK: Now, I have written new promo copy.
UNK: Proofread it.
Penelope : So, what's going on between you two?
Bob : Nothing. What do you mean?
Penelope : You're sleeping with her, aren't you, Bob?
UNK: Peter Monroe : No. No.
Penelope : Don't lie to me! You're screwing Hannah, admit it!