Beckett : No, I don't. Let's go.
Gates : Is everything all right, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Castle!
Penelope : Come on.
UNK: Building Manager : Yeah, that's definitely her.
Beckett : Have you ever seen her in the building before?
UNK: Building Manager : No, it was just the one time the other night.
UNK: Building Manager : I was doing rounds when I saw her go into 29-J.
Beckett : And who owns 29-J?
UNK: Building Manager : Ocean Terrace Holdings. It's a corporation.
Beckett : Is there a name listed on it?
UNK: Building Manager : Uh, no. A lot of people buy units under corporate names
UNK: Building Manager : for privacy, so...
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait. Do you hear that?
Castle : Sounds like someone pounding on a wall.
UNK: Penelope?
Esposito : And Bob?
Castle : You two are back...
Castle : Spoiler alert!
UNK: Bob and Penelope together? I can't believe it!
Castle : I know, right?
Beckett : Neither of them is talking about Hannah.
Gates : Well, clearly, they have a lot more to hide than the fact
Gates : that they were sleeping together.
Castle : Well, this is a plot twist I didn't see coming.
Ryan : Hey, so I did some digging into the apartment.
UNK: Building Manager : Ocean Terrace Holdings,
Ryan : it's a shell company owned by Bob.
Ryan : The lease began just after he and Hannah started their affair.
Gates : That's odd.
Gates : When Bob left Penelope,
Gates : he moved into the Thompson Hotel with Hannah.
Gates : So, why would he lease another apartment?
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : I looked into Penelope's financials.
UNK: Remember those $5,000 payments that Hannah got?
Esposito : They line up exactly with withdrawals
Esposito : that Penelope made from her checking account.
Gates : Penelope was paying Hannah?
Gates : Why would she do that?
Beckett : There's no way to know unless we get her to talk.
UNK: I'm sorry, have you seen the show?
Castle : Penelope is the strong one. If anyone's gonna talk,
Castle : it's Bob.
Beckett : But he's not.
UNK: And my guess is he's afraid of Penelope.
Castle : Well, then perhaps it's time to tear a page from Penelope's playbook.
Beckett : - Come on, you guys aren't actually... - Couldn't hurt.
Bob : I told you, I have nothing to...
Beckett : Did I say you could talk?
Beckett : Did someone give you permission to open your sorry little mouth?
Beckett : No! So, sit down, shut up and listen!
Beckett : We know that apartment's yours, Bob!
Beckett : We know that Hannah was held hostage there.
Beckett : Which means I can nail you for kidnapping.
Beckett : That's 20 years, easy.
Bob : - What? No, I... - But you know what?
UNK: I'm not gonna stop there, I am going to fry you for murder.
Bob : Wait, me? I didn't kill her.
Penelope : Don't lie to me!
Beckett : You locked her up, you held her hostage.
Beckett : Who does that to someone that they love,
Beckett : you lying sack of...
Bob : We weren't in love, okay?
Bob : It was a lie! The whole thing was a lie! There was no relationship!
Bob : Hannah and I were never even together!