UNK: What?
Bob : We only did it for the ratings.
Bob : The ratings?
Bob : Ashley and Stone's engagement was
Bob : sucking up all the attention on the show.
Bob : Penelope's screen time was dropping, which was killing her clothing sales.
Bob : She was out of her mind.
Bob : So we came up with a plan.
Bob : Hannah was reluctant at first, but Penelope can be pretty persuasive.
UNK: So the $5,000 that Penelope was paying Hannah,
Beckett : that was to fake a relationship?
Bob : We never intended for it to end like this.
Beckett : What happened, Bob?
UNK: Building Manager : The other night,
UNK: after taping her confessional, Hannah said she needed to talk.
Bob : Well, the three of us couldn't be seen together,
Bob : so we met at the apartment.
UNK: She told us she couldn't bear
Bob : everyone thinking she was this home-wrecker.
Bob : She couldn't go on living a lie.
UNK: Yeah, she said she was gonna go public.
Bob : Reveal the affair had been faked all along.
Beckett : That's a pretty big bombshell. How'd you guys take it?
Bob : How'd we take it? We panicked.
Bob : If we let her go through with it, it would blow up the show.
Bob : We'd lose all credibility,
Bob : no one would buy Penelope's clothes anymore.
Bob : Plus, we'd be in breach of contract
Bob : and the show could sue us for every cent we had.
Bob : Our whole lives would be ruined.
Beckett : So then you guys tied her up?
Bob : We didn't know what to do.
UNK: So, a whole day went by,
Bob : we realized we couldn't hold her forever.
Bob : So we made a call.
UNK: So who'd you call?
UNK: Bob!
Beckett : Who'd you call?
Bob : Peter Monroe.
UNK: The Wives of Wall Street producer?
UNK: Hey, we needed help.
Bob : It's his show. He had as much to lose as we did.
Beckett : What did you tell him?
UNK: Everything.
Bob : Then he came over and told Penelope and me to leave,
Bob : that he would handle Hannah.
UNK: And we thought he was just gonna talk some sense into her, you know,
Bob : maybe sweeten her deal.
Bob : But the next thing we knew, Hannah was dead.
Jeff : I'm so sorry, sir. I tried to stop them, but...
Peter : - Jeff, get out of here. - Right.
Beckett : Mr. Monroe, are you pathologically incapable of telling the truth?
Peter : Well, that depends. What's this about?
Castle : Your role in Hannah's murder.
Peter : Whoa. I had nothing to do with her murder.
Beckett : Bob thinks you did.
Beckett : We know about him calling you from the apartment about Hannah
Beckett : just before she died.
Peter : Okay, Penelope and Bob called me.
Peter : Couple of moron idiots.
Peter : Taking her hostage like that.
Castle : So you went over there.
Peter : Of course I went over there.
Peter : Hell, I saved her from those two lunatics.
Peter : I'm the good guy.
Peter : You know what I did when I got there?
Peter : I let her go. Water?
Castle : Please. Look, if Hannah exposed that your main storyline was fake,
Castle : your show would go down in flames.
Castle : The fans would be outraged.
Castle : Hell, I'm outraged.
Peter : I was trying to stop her.
UNK: I offered Hannah more money, her own series,
Peter : anything she wanted to not blow the lid off the show.
Castle : I mean, She was gonna ruin everything.
Peter : I begged her to stay.
Peter : I followed her out and gave her every decent pitch I had.
Peter : But she wouldn't deal.
Peter : She got into a taxi, and I never saw her again.
Beckett : Here's a better story.
Beckett : You grabbed a knife and you followed her.
Peter : No, I didn't, I swear.
Peter : I went straight to The Players Club.
Peter : Ordered a couple of cocktails
Peter : and waited for my world to start to cave in.
Peter : But nothing happened.
Peter : Next morning, I found out that she was dead.
Beckett : So, the manager at The Players Club confirms that
UNK: Monroe was there from 10 : 00 p.m. Till well after midnight.
Beckett : He's not our guy.
Castle : Which leaves Margo.
Castle : 'Cause that's where Hannah went next.
Castle : But after being held hostage and demanding to leave the show,
Castle : I doubt she went there to recommit to the job.
Castle : Margo had to have been lying to us.
Esposito : Margo was lying, all right.
Esposito : She told you she buzzed up Hannah that night, right?
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - That's impossible.
UNK: The buzzer in the building connects through her phone.
UNK: According to the phone records, Hannah was buzzed up at 9 : 57 p.m.
UNK: Well, according to Margo's financials,
UNK: at almost exactly the same time, 9 : 58 p.m.,
UNK: she was using her credit card at Lorenzo's Deli 10 blocks away.
Beckett : Thanks, Espo.
Beckett : Margo's got some explaining to do.
Beckett : If she didn't buzz Hannah in, then who did?
Castle : And why would she lie about it?