Beckett : Castle, what's going on with you and Gates today?
Bob : What do you mean?
Beckett : Seriously, Castle, what were you thinking?
Castle : Well, I wanted to surprise you.
Beckett : By putting my gift in Gates' blazer? Okay, I'm surprised.
UNK: Well, why do you and Gates have to wear such similar blazers?
Beckett : Did you write a note?
Castle : Of course I wrote a note. I'm a writer.
Beckett : Was it romantic?
Castle : It's Valentine's Day, so, yeah, it was romantic.
Beckett : Did you put my name on it?
UNK: Oh, God, Castle, please, did you put my name on it?
Castle : I can't remember. I put my name on it, I know that much.
Beckett : If Gates finds out that we're dating, then that's it.
UNK: We're not gonna be working together anymore.
Castle : Why do you think I've been trying so hard to get it back?
Beckett : We will get it back. Right when we get to the precinct.
UNK: But right now we got a murder to solve.
Beckett : Maybe our last.
Margo : Come in.
Beckett : Thanks for buzzing us in.
Margo : What can I do for you?
Beckett : You know, the interesting thing about this building is that
Beckett : the buzzer system runs through your telephone.
UNK: So?
UNK: So anytime someone gets buzzed up, it gets time-stamped.
Beckett : And since we know you were at Lorenzo's Deli buying onions,
Beckett : you couldn't have buzzed Hannah up the night of the murder.
UNK: Which means somebody else did.
Castle : Why did you lie to us?
Castle : From watching the show,
Castle : I know that your husband is in Brussels working on a deal,
Castle : so it couldn't have been him.
Castle : Which leaves only one other person living in this house.
Beckett : Your son, Stone.
Beckett : He worked with Hannah, didn't he?
Margo : I don't like what you're implying.
Castle : Were they having problems with each other?
Beckett : Where is Stone right now, Ms. Gower?
Margo : I don't know. He's an adult.
UNK: Really?
Castle : Because in Season 3, Episode 5, you said that you are your son's keeper,
Castle : always knowing where he is and what he's doing.
Castle : Looks like one of us did their homework.
Beckett : Now, Ms. Gower, where is Stone?
Margo : I would like to talk to my attorney.
Beckett : Entertainment or criminal?
Ryan : - Sir, we got him. - Where's he headed?
UNK: Stone bought a one-way ticket to Buenos Aires.
Ryan : Flight departs in an hour.
UNK: Bob and Penelope fake their break-up,
Gates : and now poor, sweet, innocent Stone's a killer?
Gates : Is anything real on that reality show?
Ryan : Just the headache I get when I watch it.
Gates : Call TSA. Do not let him get on that flight.
Alexis : Oh, my God.
Beckett : Why the sudden trip to Argentina, Stone?
Stone : I just needed a little time away.
Beckett : We know that Hannah showed up at your apartment
Penelope : the night that she was killed.
Beckett : And we know that you let her in.
Castle : And then, for some reason, your mother lied about it.
Castle : Now, why would she do that?
UNK: Was it because Hannah told you that she was gonna blow up the show,
Beckett : and you suddenly saw your dreams of
UNK: an Ashley-Stone spin-off going out the window?
Beckett : Is that why your mom lied?
Beckett : Because you followed Hannah out of the apartment and you killed her?