Stone : As soon as Hannah left, I knew I'd made a mistake.
Stone : So, I ran out to catch up with her in the street.
Stone : And I kissed her, I told her I loved her.
Stone : But she said it was too late.
Stone : She never wanted to see any of us again.
Beckett : Can anyone verify your whereabouts
Beckett : after you and Hannah went your separate ways?
Stone : I took a long walk, so no.
Gates : So, what do you think? Do you believe him?
Castle : He had motive, she was leaving him.
Beckett : And he was the last one to see her alive,
Beckett : a block away from where she was killed, so...
Gates : Only problem is
Gates : we don't have any proof.
Gates : We can't tie Stone to the crime scene.
Ryan : Actually, we can.
Ryan : On a hunch, I took a look at his wedding registry.
UNK: Turns out that Ashley and Stone were registered
Ryan : for a set of Takahara VG knives,
UNK: including the 240-millimeter, which shipped out three weeks ago.
Castle : The lab report did say that it was a new knife.
Gates : - Then that seals it. - No, not necessarily.
Beckett : We're forgetting wedding etiquette.
Beckett : The gifts don't go to the groom.
Beckett : Thank you for coming, Ashley.
Ashley : Anything I can do to help.
Beckett : You must be so busy planning for the wedding right now
Beckett : and dealing with all of the gifts.
Gates : Oh, yeah.
Beckett : Well, we know that your cousin bought you that set of Takahara VG knives,
Beckett : the ones that you have on your registry.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : The funny thing is when we went to your apartment,
UNK: you don't have the 240-millimeter.
Castle : Isn't it just a little weird that she wouldn't get you the whole set?
Ashley : You were in my apartment?
Beckett : Yeah, we also went to your ceramics studio as well.
Castle : Your work is lovely, by the way.
Castle : The colors of your glazes are stunning.
Castle : I mean, it must take a lot of work to get them just right. A lot of chemicals.
UNK: Like the antimony oxide we found, for example.
Castle : What is that for?
UNK: It's an opacifier. It makes things opaque.
Beckett : Only in this case, it seems to make things clearer.
Beckett : The knife that was used in Hannah's murder,
Beckett : we found traces of antimony oxide on it.
Beckett : From you.
UNK: No.
Castle : You got an alert on your phone from the fan site, didn't you?
Castle : That photo of Hannah at Stone's apartment.
Castle : I mean, you already had your suspicions,
UNK: it just confirmed your worst fears.
UNK: Peter Monroe : No. No.
Ashley : I think we're done here. I'm gonna go. Excuse me.
Ashley : Excuse me, I... Just let me find my keys and I will go.
UNK: Fine!
Ashley : I had my suspicions.
Ashley : And when I saw that picture, I grabbed the knife, just to scare her.
Ashley : But when I got there, Stone was kissing her!
Ashley : And saying he loved her!
UNK: I couldn't just let her steal my fiance!
Ashley : Our spin-off was in final negotiations, for God's sakes.
Ashley : So, when Stone left, I followed Hannah,
Ashley : I put an end to the threat.
Beckett : The next generation of The Wives of Wall Street,
Beckett : and Ashley takes it to a whole new level.
UNK: Well, maybe she was just following their motto,
UNK: "Don't let anyone stop you from getting what you want."
Beckett : As if being on TV somehow made her immune to the consequences.
Beckett : You know, at least we can tell Hannah's family
Beckett : that the affair wasn't real,
UNK: that she was actually planning on going home.
Beckett : Speaking of consequences,
Beckett : Why hasn't Gates said anything yet?
Castle : Yeah, I don't know.
Castle : Maybe she's choosing to ignore it.
Castle : Or just biding her time,
Castle : like a shark.
Ryan : Night, guys. Happy Valentine's Day.
Castle : Once more unto the breach?
Ryan : Actually, Jenny just texted me and I have the night off.
UNK: I mean, we'll probably still, you know,
Ryan : but tonight, it'll be for romantic reasons.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Hey, Espo, your date's here.
Castle : I knew they had plans.
Castle : You knew they had plans and you didn't tell me?
Beckett : Yeah, because she asked me to keep it a secret.
Beckett : This is a really big deal for them.
Beckett : She doesn't want you making fun of 'em.
Castle : I wouldn't make fun...
Castle : No, that's not true. Fish in a barrel.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Lanie, you look great.
Lanie : Yeah? It's not too much?
Beckett : No. It might be a little too much for Castle.
Beckett : - Eyes up, bud. - I do.
Esposito : You look amazing, Lanie.
Lanie : - Thanks, Javi. - Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : So, what's the plan?
UNK: Reservations at Le Fourneau.
UNK: French? I love French.
UNK: Ooh!
Castle : Ah, the magic of Valentine's Day is upon us.
Gates : Mr. Castle.
Gates : My office. Now.
Castle : And there it goes.
Gates : Did you really think that I, of all people, would be okay with this?
UNK: No. I thought I...
UNK: "You are beauty, passion and fierce intellect.
UNK: "Be my Valentine. Rick."