Ranjit : That is ted's ex-girlfriend!
Barney : When did you find out?
Ted : Hey, robin. Come here!
Robin : What's up?
Ted : I was, uh, just going through some old stuff and I...
marshall : Oh, crap!
Ted : Anyway, uh,
Ted : I came across this.
UNK: Oh, wow.
UNK: From our vacation in vermont. Yeah.
Ted : I don't know if you'd even want it, but if you do, it's yours.
Robin : I slept with barney!
Barney : What?
Robin : It was just one time,
UNK: It-it was the night that simon dumped me
Robin : And I was in a really vulnerable place
Robin : And I... I wanted to just pretend like it never happened,
Robin : But I couldn't, and...
Marshall : I can't.
Robin : I just, I had to tell you.
Barney : And...
Robin : I just hope that we can still be friends.
Ted : Of course we can still be friends.
Robin : So you're not mad?
Ted : Well, I'm...
Ted : It's a little weird, but, um,
Ted : No, I'm not mad.
UNK: Wow.
Robin : So you're not mad?
Ted : No, I'm not mad.
Ted : I mean, robin and I broke up a year ago.
Ted : We've... We've both dated lots of people since then.
Ted : I'm with stella now.
Benjamin : Seriously, I... I'm fine with this.
Barney : I'm so relieved to hear you say that.
Ted : Yeah. Yeah.
Ted : Oh, hey, I just remembered, um,
Ted : My mom is coming into town next month.
Ted : Maybe you'd like to nail her, too!
UNK: : Where are they?! I'm getting a cramp.
UNK: : Marshall, can we keep the goat?
Barney : No.
Lily : But she's so cute and furry and soft. Yeah,
Marshall : And she also sheds, eats out of the garbage
UNK: And can't control her bowels.
Lily : Why don't we just call duluth mental hospital
Lily : And say my uncle linus can live with us?
Robin : Yeah, lily, that may seem like a good idea
Robin : After a couple of drinks but tomorrow morning
Robin : You're going to want this thing out of your house.
Lily : Oh, you should talk. You slept with barney.
Barney : Marshall!
Marshall : I'm sorry!
Marshall : I couldn't take it anymore.
Lily : I can't believe
Lily : You did that.
Lily : That's so gross.
Lily : Was it amazing?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : What? I...
Robin : Lily, I really don't want to talk about this.
Lily : I know, but it's barney.
Lily : It's just hard not to be curious.
Lily : Did he have like devices and stuff? Lily, come on.
UNK: Hot wax? Stop it.
Lily : Did he tie you to anything? That's enough.
Marshall : What's wrong with you?
Marshall : I'm sorry.
Lily : Is he all smooth down there?
Ted : Three billion women on the planet!
Ted : Three billion! And you have to sleep
Ted : With the one that I dated for a year! Are you kidding me?
Ted : Are you kidding me?!
Marshall : Robin?!
Barney : You think I'm proud of this?!
Barney : I'm horrified that this happened.
Ted : How did it happen? Huh?
Ted : Barney, I want to know.
Ted : Tell me exactly how it happened.
Barney : You mean...
Barney : What position?
Robin : Okay.
Barney : Stop it! Stop it!
Marshall : Stop it.
UNK: Hit him! Hit him, ted! Stop!
UNK: Hit him! Stop!
UNK: Hit him! Okay.
Barney : Okay. Okay.
Barney : You're pissed.
Barney : You deserve to be.
Barney : Fine. You know what?
Barney : One free shot. On me.
Barney : Anywhere but the face.
Barney : Who punches someone in the groin?
Barney : Okay. Okay.
Barney : I deserved that.
Barney : I deserved that.
Barney : But what's important now is...
Barney : We're passed this whole robin thing now, right?
Ted : You think that this is just about robin?
Ted : This is about...
Ted : You know, I've seen you do some bad stuff.
Ted : I mean some really terrible stuff
Ted : To a lot of different people.
Ted : I just always thought there had to be a limit.
Ted : I always thought I was the limit.
Ted : You're always spouting off these rules for bros.
Ted : Isn't one of them, "don't do this"?
Barney : Yeah. And I broke it.
Marshall : I'm sorry.
Barney : But, ted...
Barney : Seriously, this suite at the bellagio...
Ted : I am not going to vegas with you.
Ted : I'm not going to blow off my friends
Ted : And my girlfriend,
Ted : And spend my 30th birthday in a strip club.
Ted : The fact that you think I would...
Ted : You know, barney, earlier this week
Ted : I started putting things in a box
Ted : And that box was labeled
Ted : "stuff I have no use for anymore."
Barney : What does that mean?
Ted : It means...
Ted : Maybe you belong in that box.
Barney : Are you saying you don't want to be bros anymore?
Ted : I'm saying I don't want to be friends anymore.
Barney : Okay, I'm going to stop you right there,
Barney : Because it seems like you're about to say something
Barney : That's going to pretty much ruin vegas.
Ted : Ranjit, stop the car.
Ted : I'm getting a cab.
UNK: ♪
All : Surprise!
Narrator : Oh, right, the goat.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So funny. You're going to love this.
UNK: So later that night, the goat locked himself in the bathroom
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And was eating one of robin's washcloths and...
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Robin wasn't living here on my 30th birthday.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : When did this happen?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Oh, wait, the goat was there on my 31st birthday.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Sorry, I totally got that wrong.