Marshall : Yeah, I'm kind of real focused on the job hunt right now.
Barney : I know. I want to hire you.
Marshall : For the last time, barney, I will not be your butler.
Barney : I need a lawyer.
Barney : I'll pay you.
Marshall : How much?
Barney : A little.
Marshall : I'll take it.
Barney : Hey.
Marshall : Hey. So, I'm reading this, and, I got to say,
Marshall : This might be a little bit over my head.
Marshall : For one thing, I'm fairly certain
Marshall : That if these contracts aren't executed precisely,
Marshall : We will be at war with portugal.
Barney : Forget that.
Barney : That's a Tuesday for me.
Barney : New shredder.
Barney : This baby'll chew up a bicycle in 17 seconds.
Barney : From sky mall. It's all from sky mall.
Barney : Whenever I get upset, I shop at sky mall.
UNK: Want a hot dog? Of course.
Marshall : Why are you upset?
Barney : Marshall, I'm about to tell you a secret
Barney : That you can't tell anyone... not ted,
Barney : Not robin, not lily.
Marshall : No. No, no, no, I don't want any more secrets,
Marshall : Especially now that I know what you guys did
Marshall : To the drinking water in lisbon. I...
Barney : You are hearing this secret, marshall.
Barney : I... I slept...
UNK: Stop... Stop doing that.
Barney : I slept...
UNK: ♪ laba-da bay-doh
UNK: ♪ hicka-ba-ta-bo...
Barney : I slept with robin.
Marshall : You slept with robin?
Ted : Hmm.
Barney : Are you mad at me?
Marshall : I don't know.
Barney : How's the hot dog?
Marshall : It's helping.
Marshall : You slept with robin?!
Marshall : I... I cannot keep that secret.
Marshall : I mean, you know
Marshall : I at least have to tell lily.
Barney : You can't. You can't tell anyone.
Barney : Attorney-client privilege.
Marshall : Why are you doing this to me?!
Barney : Because I need you, marshall, as my lawyer,
Barney : To prove that I didn't do anything wrong.
Marshall : How can I help you as your lawyer?
Marshall : You didn't break any laws, did you?
Marshall : Robin knows you slept with her, doesn't she?
Barney : I didn't break any state or federal laws,
Barney : But I think I broke a much, much higher law.
Barney : The bro code.
UNK: ♪
Narrator : For many years,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : We had heard barney quote the bro code,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : A list of do's and don'ts for all bros.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Some were basic.
UNK: Bro code article one : "bros before hoes."
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Some were unbelievably complicated.
UNK: Bro code article 89 :
UNK: "the mom of a bro is always off limits,
UNK: "but the stepmom of a bro is fair game if she initiates it,
UNK: "and/or is wearing at least one article
UNK: Of leopard print clothing."
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And some were just plain disturbing.
UNK: Bro code article 34 :
UNK: "bros cannot make eye contact during a devil's three-way."
UNK: Two dudes.
UNK: This is not a legal document.
Marshall : This is just something you wrote.
Barney : You think I wrote that?
Barney : Oh, marshall,
Barney : Don't you know the glorious history