Ted : I know, I know.
Lily : I already called an animal rescue,
Frank : And they're going to come get her on Monday.
Ted : Monday?! Where's she going to sleep and eat
Ted : And go to the bathroom?!
Ted : Okay, where's she going to sleep and eat?
Lily : I-I guess I'll keep her up on the roof.
Ted : Look, call me crazy. I just...
Ted : I don't think having a goat in the apartment is a good idea.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : And, boy, was I right, because what missy the goat
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Would go on to do in that bathroom was so...
UNK: Ted from 2030 : no, you know what?
UNK: I'm getting ahead of myself.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : We'll get there.
Robin : Hey, ted.
Barney : Hey.
Robin : You ready to, um...
Robin : Where'd the goat turd come from?
Ted : How'd you know that was a goat turd?
Robin : Well, it was either that,
Robin : Or a musk ox turd, and I figured,
Robin : What the hell would a musk ox be doing in here?
Ted : Hey. Guess what your wife brought home?
Barney : Attorney-client privilege. I can't talk about it.
Ted : Talk about what?
Robin : Nothing.
Marshall : How was your day?
UNK: Uh, ooh, goat turd on the floor, I see. Is that new?
Ted : How does everyone know that's a goat turd?
UNK: Barney told you. I don't know
UNK: What you're talking about, madam. Marshall,
UNK: You can't look me in the eye; you're blushing,
UNK: Coughing; and your hands are shaking.
Ted : Hey, robin, come here.
Robin : Ted is never finding out about this, you understand?
Robin : Because it never happened, none of us are saying anything.
Robin : And don't even think about opening that can
Robin : Until I'm out of the splash zone.
UNK: Oh, fantastic, you're here.
Barney : Give me the good news.
Marshall : I'm sorry.
UNK: You did too good a job writing this thing.
Marshall : It's-it's ironclad.
Barney : No!
Barney : Bad lawyer!
Barney : I need a loophole!
Barney : I want to feel better, marshall!
Barney : I can't keep buying things!
Barney : I have six
Barney : Self-cleaning litterboxes
Barney : And I don't even have a kid.
Barney : Wait. How about this?
Barney : Ted's probably
Barney : Broken this thing himself, right?
Barney : And if he's broken the bro code,
Barney : Then I'm off the hook.
UNK: I thought about that.
UNK: And I gotta say,
UNK: Ted has upheld this thing time and time again.
UNK: For example, article 87 :
UNK: "a bro shall at all times say yes."
Woman : So he saved you
Woman : From an avalanche?
Woman : And he carried you six miles to safety on his broken leg?
Robin : Yes.
Woman : And you're a pre-op transsexual nightclub singer
Woman : Who used to be a member of the russian mob?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Da.
UNK: Article 29 :
Marshall : "a bro will, in a timely manner, alert his bro
Marshall : To the existence of a girl fight."
Ted : Dude, two girls are fighting at maclaren's.
Barney : What?!
Ted : Yeah, yeah.
Ted : It was crazy. This one girl was like...
Ted : Oh, hey.
Barney : Hey.
UNK: Article 53 :
UNK: "a bro will, whenever possible,
UNK: Provide his bro with protection."
Woman : That feels nice.
Robin : Good.
Woman : I just wish we had some wine.
Robin : Yeah.
Barney : I wish we had some wine, too.
Barney : Damn it, marshall.
Barney : I'm not paying you to tell me what a saint ted is!
Barney : You're my lawyer!
Barney : The answer is in there! Find it!
Marshall : Okay, this isn't about the bro code, and you know it.
Marshall : The reason that you're upset is because what you did was wrong.
Marshall : And the only way you're ever gonna feel
Marshall : Any better about it is if you tell ted what you did.
Barney : What if he never wants to talk to me again?
Marshall : Well, I guess that's just a chance
Marshall : You're gonna have to take.
UNK: Which brings us to April 25, 2008.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : My 30th birthday,
UNK: Or as it would come to be referred to in later years :