Rachel : ...I didn't marry Barry my life is total crap.
UNK: Talk about crap, just listen to Stella Neidman...
UNK: ...tell her story about Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
UNK: I'm sorry. At least you guys haven't need to hear staff she said in my head.
Joey : Pheebs? How long do you think this lady will be with us?
UNK: I don't know. She obviously has some unfinished business.
Phoebe : Sit up!
UNK: Mrs. Green : There she is!
Joey : - Mom! - Hey, sweetie!
UNK: Mrs Green : So this is where you work!
UNK: Mrs Green : Oh, it's wonderful!
UNK: Mrs Green : Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell?
UNK: Mrs Green : I guess that's the fun.
Rachel : Pretty much. Here, meet my friends.
UNK: Mrs Green : Monica! You look gorgeous!
UNK: Oh, my! The last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
Rachel : This is Joey.
UNK: This is Phoebe.
Rachel : This is Chandler.
Rachel : You remember Ross?
UNK: Mrs Green : Oh, hello, Ross.
UNK: Mrs. Greene.
UNK: Mrs Green : What do you think of my daughter, in the apron...
UNK: Mrs Green : ...with the big job!
Rachel : Oh, Mom!
UNK: Mrs Green : If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
Chandler : Believe me, sometimes that happens.
UNK: Mrs Green : This is just so exciting! You know, I never worked.
UNK: Mrs Green : I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house...
UNK: Mrs Green : ...to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you!
UNK: Really?
UNK: Let's make a day of it!
UNK: We will have lunch, we will shopping, we will get nails done, whatever you want.
UNK: Mom, I have to work.
UNK: What! No one else can pour coffee?
UNK: I know who you remind me of.
UNK: Evelyn Durmer.
UNK: That's before the lousy face-lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
UNK: Pheebs? Who's Evelyn Durmer?
Phoebe : I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales?
Ross : Oh, my God!
UNK: Mrs Green : There's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.
Rachel : Just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
UNK: Mrs Green : You have some life here, sweetie!
UNK: Mom, I realize you and dad were upset when I didn't marry Barry...
UNK: ...and get the house in the suburbs with all the security.
UNK: Mrs Green : This is just so much better for me.
UNK: I do know. You didn't love Barry, honey.
UNK: Mrs Green : And I've never seen you this happy.
UNK: Mrs Green : I look at you and I think, "This is what I want."
Rachel : For me.
UNK: Mrs Green : Well, not just for you.
Rachel : What do you mean?
UNK: Mrs Green : I'm considering leaving your father.
Monica : All right, tell me if this is too cute.
Monica : Lesbian wedding... chicken breasts.
Rachel : Oh, God. I think I'm gonna be sick.
UNK: What? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
UNK: Oh! Honey, I'm sorry. Please don't be mad at me.
UNK: What can I do? You order me to make those martial art trick you used to like.
UNK: I can call it Carl Meilong to find out how?
UNK: Mom, I just don't understand. I thought you are happy.
UNK: So did I.
UNK: You know how sometimes you're driving on the highway, and you get home...
UNK: ...and you can't actually remember having driven there.
UNK: That's kind of my life being like.
UNK: Coundn't you listen to the radio more?
UNK: I wish it is that easy. But then I see you here and I keep thinking why can't I have this?
UNK: I want adventures, I want hang out, I want Chandler.
UNK: Believe me, Chandler is no reason to leave daddy!
UNK: You think it's something having a lot of fun, but it's really hard, really hard.
UNK: I got this lausy job, I barely know how to make it ramdon. Forget about to buying stuff.
UNK: Honey! You don't understand. I'm be doing what you are doning, but with money.
UNK: It's very different.
UNK: - You had no idea what they getting along? - None.
Joey : They didn't fight a lot?
Rachel : No, they didn't even talk to each other.
UNK: How was I suppose to know they were having problems?
UNK: You know, in my day, divorce was not an option.
Joey : Hey, look who's up!
Rachel : I just can't believe this is happening!
Rachel : When I was little, everybody's parents got divorced.
UNK: I figured as an grown up, I wouldn't have to worry about it.
UNK: Can't you look at this as flattering?
UNK: She just wants to be like you.
UNK: Well, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
UNK: When my parents divorced, they sent me to a shrink...
Chandler : ...and she told me that kids blame themselves.
Chandler : But in your case, it's actually kind of true.
UNK: Oh, that's him.
UNK: Damn! My mail-order grandfather hasn't come yet.
Rachel : - Phoebe? - Hi, Mr. Adelman.
UNK: - Nice to see you. - Thanks for meeting me.
UNK: That's okay. Although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.