Phoebe : Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree.
Phoebe : You should see the size of his Christmas balls!
UNK: How much did you tip the super?
UNK: We were gonna give 50, but we don't wanna look bad.
UNK: This year we made him cookies.
UNK: And 25 it is.
UNK: You gave cookies?
Monica : Money is so impersonal.
UNK: Cookies says someone cares.
Monica : We're broke, but cookies do say that.
Phoebe : I can see that.
UNK: A plate of brownies told me a limerick.
UNK: Pheebs, let me ask you something. Were these "funny" brownies?
Phoebe : Not especially.
UNK: But I think they had pot in them.
UNK: So who else did you tip with cookies?
Rachel : The mailman, the super...
Monica : And the newspaper delivery guy.
Phoebe : Oh, my God.
UNK: What?
UNK: You're not gonna like this.
Rachel : These are cookies smashed to the sports section.
Monica : He did my crossword puzzle.
Ross : Yeah, but not very well, unless 14 across, "Gershwin musical"...
UNK: ...actually is "Bite me, bite me, bite me."
Joey : I can't believe it's Christmas already.
UNK: One day you're eating turkey, the next thing you know...
UNK: ...lords are a-leaping and geese are a-laying.
Chandler : Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
Ross : Hey, guys.
Ross : Hey, Rach.
Ross : I got you a little present.
Ross : I'll open it.
Ross : It's a Slinky!
UNK: Remember?
UNK: Walks downstairs Alone or in pairs
Ross : Everyone knows it's
Ross : Just a big spring.
UNK: You're still mad because of the whole
UNK: Horrible list of reasons not to be with me?
UNK: How about we just call it the "unfortunate incident"?
Ross : Hey, Gunther. You got stairs in your place?
Ross : Go nuts.
Ross : Hey, guys.
Chandler : What's in the bag?
Ross : Some presents.
UNK: Come on, show us what you bought.
Joey : You know you want to.
Ross : This is a picture frame from Ben to my parents.
UNK: Oh, that's cute.
UNK: Some "Hers" and "Hers" towels for Susan and Carol.
Ross : And I got this blouse for Mom.
Monica : Ross, that is gorgeous!
UNK: Look at these authentic fake metals!
UNK: Mom's gonna be voted "best dressed"...
Monica : ...at the make-believe military academy!
UNK: Happy "Christmas Eve" Eve.
Phoebe : Oh, my God! Where did you get this?
Ross : Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Phoebe : This is my father!
Phoebe : This is a picture of my dad!
Chandler : That's the guy that comes in the frame.
UNK: No, it's my dad. I'll show you.
Rachel : I thought your dad was in prison.
Phoebe : No, that's my stepdad.
Phoebe : My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Rachel : How have you never been on Oprah?
Phoebe : Look, see? This is him.
Phoebe : My mother gave me this picture before she died. Same guy!
Monica : This is a picture of the frame guy...
Monica : ...posing in front of a blue screen with a collie.
Phoebe : It's not a blue screen. It's just...
Phoebe : Maybe it was just really clear that day.
UNK: Okay, I have to talk to my grandmother.
Monica : Wait a minute, honey!
Joey : I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me.
Joey : But when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!
Grandmother : Esther Livingston.