Castle : Long Island Expressway? Literary Institute of Excellence?
UNK: Love Is Everything? Did I just say that?
Castle : I'm getting soft.
Castle : Detective Beckett's phone.
Lanie : Castle? You're not allowed to answer Beckett's phone.
Castle : Yes, I am.
Lanie : Since when?
UNK: Since I... Can... Is there something I can do for you?
Lanie : Yeah. Write this down.
Lanie : I've got a partial off the shell casing.
Lanie : No matches in the system or to Mr. Pratt,
Lanie : but I did find some trace DNA. Are you writing this down?
Martha : - Yes. - Castle!
UNK: Okay, hang on.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Lanie : Ooh, you are in trouble.
Castle : I'm not in trouble!
Castle : Lanie got a partial print.
Castle : It is not a match for Pratt. He is not our guy.
Beckett : Who said that you could answer my phone?
Beckett : And why are you going through my drawers?
Castle : I was looking for a pad of paper.
Beckett : Sure you were. Stay out of my stuff, Castle.
Castle : Your stuff?
Castle : Need I remind you, I've already seen your stuff.
Beckett : Yeah. Well, some of my stuff is still private.
Castle : Oh, I get it. An old boyfriend made that for you.
UNK: No.
UNK: Really? 'Cause it's totally cool. I wouldn't be jealous.
UNK: Okay, maybe a little bit jealous. Not an old boyfriend?
UNK: - Mm-mm. - You got it from a crime scene.
Castle : That is a keepsake from the first murderer you ever collared.
UNK: I told you, Castle, it's private.
Castle : Maybe it's the actual murder victim from a stick-man convention.
Beckett : Really? That's the best that you can come up with?
Castle : Challenge accepted.
Ryan : So, nothing in the financials explain
UNK: why Wendy needed 4 grand in cash,
UNK: but I might have figured out what she was doing in town.
Ryan : She used her credit card for a cab ride to Eighth and Market yesterday.
Castle : The day she was killed.
Ryan : I spoke with the cabbie. Wendy took his business card.
Ryan : Said she was going to call to have him take her back there today.
Castle : Bet we find our answers there.
Castle : A self-storage warehouse?
Beckett : What's a girl from Philly doing in a place like this?
Manager : Yeah, yeah, she was here.
Manager : A lot less bloody when I saw her, though.
Manager : She signed up for the auction.
UNK: Auction?
Manager : Every month we auction off repossessed storage units.
Manager : You know, from deadbeats that don't pay their bills.
Manager : One going on right now.
UNK: That's what the $4,000 was for. She was gonna bid on a unit.
Beckett : Which unit?
Manager : Beats me. Could be any one of the 14 we got up for bid.
Beckett : So there's no way of telling which one she was interested in?
Castle : Actually, there is a way. We misinterpreted Wendy's message.
UNK: It's not "Lie." We were looking at it upside down. It's 3-1-7.
Castle : That's what she was trying to tell us. Is unit 317 up for auction?
Manager : As a matter of fact, it is. Probably auctioning it off as we speak.
Castle : Wendy was killed trying to buy that unit. If we let it get sold off...
Beckett : Then we'll lose our best shot at finding out who the killer is.