Esposito : All this crap is gonna crack this case wide open.
Castle : Thank you, L.T. You are so going to owe me for this.
Beckett : Castle, I don't know if the department's gonna be able
Beckett : to reimburse you for all of this.
Castle : That's not the owing I mean.
UNK: Ran down the name on unit 317, Johan Fleming.
Ryan : Address is bogus. Name is bogus. The guy doesn't exist.
UNK: So then whose stuff is this?
Castle : Well, the answer's right in front of us. His stuff will tell us who he is.
Castle : Look, there's a box of maps.
UNK: Um, he was a geography buff. He enjoyed travel.
Ryan : Maybe he was a trucker.
Castle : Ah. See? Progress.
Esposito : Ooh. Yo, climbing gear. He's an outdoorsman.
UNK: A super creepy outdoorsman.
UNK: Ew.
UNK: Hey, this is high-end stuff, Castle. Can I have this?
UNK: No.
Esposito : Why not? You're not a climber.
Castle : I spent a lot of money on this stuff. You want something, make me an offer.
Gates : What the hell is going on here?
Gates : Whose junk is this, and what in the hell is it doing in my precinct?
Esposito : It's Castle's, sir.
Gates : Mr. Castle.
Beckett : Uh, sir, actually it's a part of an ongoing investigation.
Gates : I don't care. I want it gone, all of it!
Esposito : Is that...
Gates : Oh, it is!
Gates : Do you know what you have? How rare that piece is?
Beckett : Sir? Are you a collector?
Gates : Ever since I was a kid.
Gates : I have searched for years.
Castle : Well, search no more.
Castle : - No. - Yes. It's yours.
UNK: Really? Well, I don't know what...
Castle : Say you'll accept.
UNK: Oh...
Castle : Thank you.
Auctioneer : Thank you very much.
Gates : Uh... Carry on.
Esposito : Oh, you can give her something, but you can't give me something?
Castle : Yeah, you already like me.
UNK: Hey, guys. Mother lode! Tax returns.
Ryan : Looks like Johan Fleming's actually Wendell Dupree.
Beckett : That's the same last name as our victim.
Castle : Yes, and the same date of birth, too. They must be twins.
Castle : Wait, twins. Of course! It all makes sense now.
Castle : Wendell's secret identity, Johan Fleming,
UNK: is the same secret identity of Zan,
Castle : the male half of The Wonder Twins.
UNK: Wonder Twins. The Super Friends?
Castle : Seriously, you guys, do you not watch TV?
Esposito : If this unit belonged to her brother, then why was Wendy bidding on it?
Ryan : And why did he stop making payments? And why was he using an alias?
Beckett : Why don't we track down Wendell and ask him?
Castle : Why don't you buy a TV?
Esposito : Who knew that Gates had a softer side?
UNK: Oh, God, you're so beautiful.
Castle : It's, um...
Ryan : Creepy. Very, very creepy.
Esposito : So where are we on the brother?
UNK: Well, turns out the twins had a hard-knock life.
Ryan : Their parents died in a car crash when they were teens.
Ryan : It's like Wendell never really fully recovered.
Ryan : He moved from town to town, getting into scrapes with the law.
Esposito : - So where can we find him? - In an urn.
Ryan : He died six weeks ago. Hit by a subway train.
UNK: Ouch.
Esposito : Explains why his storage bill wasn't paid.
Esposito : Says here it was an accident.
Ryan : Well, the subway cameras were broken,
Ryan : so there's really no way to know for sure.
Ryan : If his death is related to Wendy's,
Ryan : we could be looking at a second murder.
Beckett : Okay, so that was one of Wendy's fellow waitresses from Philly.
Beckett : According to her,
UNK: Wendy was convinced that her brother's death wasn't an accident.
Beckett : Apparently, he was involved in something dangerous.
Ryan : What kind of dangerous?
Beckett : Wendy didn't say. But according to this waitress,
Beckett : just before the subway accident, Wendell called his sister and said
Beckett : it was over, and all of their problems were solved.