UNK: Actually, we do.
Angelica : This is outrageous!
Castle : She's right, this is outrageous.
Castle : You know what you should do?
Castle : Open that wall safe and prove us wrong.
Ryan : Fine. We can just tear it out of the wall if you like.
Angelica : No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no.
Castle : Well, is it there?
Castle : Hello, gorgeous.
Beckett : This little beauty has caused a lot of trouble, hasn't it?
Angelica : That's what beautiful things do, my dear.
Angelica : At least to me.
Beckett : So, why didn't you just sell it and solve all your money problems,
Beckett : instead of hiring Wendell to stage a robbery?
Angelica : I didn't hire Wendell.
Angelica : I didn't even know he was involved in all of this until you told me.
Beckett : So the fact that he broke in the same night that you called
Beckett : and reported this stolen, that's just a coincidence?
Angelica : Look, when I came home
Angelica : and saw that my apartment had been burglarized,
Angelica : I was panicked. Shocked.
Angelica : Until I saw that nothing had been taken.
Angelica : So, I thought that if I simply pretended that my bracelet had been stolen,
UNK: mm...
UNK: It would solve all my problems.
Beckett : Except you created two new problems, your chauffeur and his sister.
Beckett : Both of whom are now dead.
Angelica : I think it's time for me to call my attorney.
Beckett : So she admitted to insurance fraud hoping to avoid murder charges.
Beckett : At least I think that's her play.
Martha : You think?
Beckett : Yeah, she's a desperate woman on the verge of losing her wealth.
Beckett : That's death to someone like her.
Beckett : She's probably willing to do anything to avoid it.
Beckett : Lie, steal, cheat, and in this case, kill.
UNK: Yeah, but that still doesn't explain the storage locker.
Castle : I mean, if Wendell didn't steal anything,
Castle : what did he put in there that his sister was so desperate to get?
Castle : And if it didn't have anything to do with her murder,
Castle : why would she write the locker number in her blood?
Beckett : Castle, you went through that storage unit with a fine-tooth comb.
Beckett : You said that there's nothing of value in there.
Castle : Well, yeah. Nothing of value to us.
UNK: But what about something of value to them?
Beckett : Like what?
Castle : I don't know. A trinket, an heirloom.
Castle : The answer's in there somewhere. It has to be.
Castle : Anyway, it's getting late.
Castle : I have to drop off Alexis first thing in the morning.
Castle : Fresh start tomorrow?
Beckett : - Sure. - Walk you out?
Beckett : You know what, I gotta stick around. I have to go over Angelica's alibi.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : I so wish I could kiss you right now.
Beckett : Yeah, I know.
Castle : This is me, softly touching your face,
Castle : pulling you in for a long, slow kiss.
Beckett : And this is me, kissing you back,
Beckett : running my hands through your hair.
Castle : Best handshake ever.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I think my hand's getting a little sweaty.
UNK: I know. It's kind of gross.
Pratt : - Sorry. - No worries.
Martha : Oh, Alexis, my darling, farewell!
Martha : God knows when we shall meet again.
Martha : That's Shakespeare, you know.
Castle : - I know. - All right.
Martha : No farewells, no goodbyes, just see you later, kiddo.
Alexis : See you later, Gram.
Martha : I'll be in the hall, darling.
Beckett : All right.
UNK: So this is your new home, huh?
Castle : Hey, look, I get it. I do.
Castle : But whatever happens between Beckett and me, I want you to know...
Castle : I mean, we could break up tomorrow,
Castle : we could spend the rest of our lives together,
UNK: but she will never take your place in my heart.
Alexis : Why would I be worried about Detective Beckett replacing me?
UNK: Uh, well, you were... I thought...
Alexis : How can you be so smart and so clueless at the same time?
UNK: Practice?
Alexis : This is no more about Beckett than it's about the fact my mother isn't here.
Castle : Sorry, honey, but your mom...
UNK: No. No, it's fine. It's always been fine.
Alexis : Because no matter what, I'd wake up and you'd be there.
Alexis : And I'd know that everything's fine.
Castle : And when you wake up here...