Castle : Why he used a fake name and had a book on prosthetic eyes.
UNK: He was... He was on a mission.
Esposito : Yeah, but on a mission to do what?
Castle : Well, to find the person responsible for his parents' death.
Castle : In order to be sure, Wendell had to steal the suspect's glass eye.
Castle : That's what the heist was about.
Beckett : And like fingerprints, he used that photo to compare the eyes.
UNK: A la Richard Kimble but instead of looking for a one-armed man...
Beckett : He was looking for a one-eyed man.
Beckett : Or in our case, a one-eyed woman.
Angelica : I'm not saying a word without my lawyer.
UNK: Richard Castle : You don't have to, but you might wanna listen.
Beckett : We know what Wendell stole.
Angelica : That's it. I'm calling my attorney.
UNK: Uh.
Kirby : - May I? - Yes.
Castle : - Thank you. - Mm-hmm.
Castle : I've worked a lot of murder cases,
Castle : waiting patiently for the day I could unequivocally exclaim,
UNK: "The butler did it!"
UNK: What?
UNK: Must've been a shock.
Castle : All these years later, after you put all that behind you,
Castle : to have someone walk into your life and stir it all back up again.
Angelica : Kirby, what's he talking about?
UNK: Your live-in butler caused a car accident, and then fled the scene.
Beckett : Because he did, two people lost their lives,
UNK: and those people were Wendell's parents.
Kirby : That is absolutely ridiculous. And you can't prove any of it.
Beckett : Your DNA was on the prosthetic eye that Wendell stole.
Beckett : And it's a match to the DNA found on the shell casing in Wendy's hotel room.
Castle : It's all over.
Kirby : I worked so hard to put that night, that horrible night behind me.
UNK: And then the break-in.
Kirby : Of all the things to steal, my spare eye from off my bureau?
Kirby : That's when I put it all together.
Kirby : Who the new chauffeur truly was
Kirby : and what he was trying to prove.
Kirby : You have to understand,
Kirby : I couldn't bring their parents back. I couldn't.
Kirby : So why should I suffer?
Beckett : Kirby Smith, you're under arrest
Beckett : for the murders of Wendell and Wendy Dupree.
UNK: And I am sure that
Beckett : the state of Pennsylvania
Beckett : will be adding two counts of vehicular manslaughter to that.
Beckett : Kirby made a full confession.
Beckett : He read an article about a recent mugging in the subway station
Beckett : and decided to kill Wendell there
Beckett : because he knew that the cameras wouldn't be working.
Castle : But the evidence that Wendell stole was still out there,
Castle : so was his sister, Wendy.
Castle : When she started poking around storage spaces,
Castle : Kirby tracked her to the hotel and shot her.
Gates : Worthless bastard.
Pratt : I'm sorry?
Gates : He took out their whole family.
Gates : - Good job, Detective. - Thank you.
Castle : And she hates me again.
Beckett : Yeah, well, those Gemini dolls obviously meant a lot to her.
UNK: Yeah, I wonder what that story is.
UNK: I wonder what those stories are.
UNK: What are you gonna do with all that stuff, Castle?
Castle : Well, I'll give the climbing equipment to Javier
UNK: and then donate the rest, I guess.
UNK: It's served its purpose, brought justice to his family.
Castle : But it just goes to show you that everyone and everything has a story,
UNK: including your little stick-man there.
UNK: So, you wanna take another shot?
Castle : Actually, no.
Castle : I thought about what you said and you're right.
Castle : Just because we've been shaking hands a lot,
Castle : doesn't mean that I have the right to pry.
Castle : So, when you are ready you'll tell me.
Beckett : Coney Island.
Beckett : We had a reception at our place after my mom's funeral
Beckett : and it was miserable.
Beckett : I was miserable and my dad took my hand and he said,
UNK: "Let's get the hell out of here, Katie."
UNK: And we took the Q-train and we went up to Coney Island.
Beckett : And we walked up and down that beach just enjoying ourselves.
Beckett : We were still in our funeral clothes.
Beckett : And the best part was that we made this little guy
Beckett : out of the twigs and twine that washed up on the shore.
Castle : Does that make that day a bad memory, or a good one?
UNK: Both.
Beckett : He's a reminder
Beckett : that even on the worst days, there's a possibility for joy.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: So, we'll talk tonight?
Castle : I can't wait.
Castle : My little girl.
Martha : Alexis's moving out got me to thinking.
Martha : And after many hours of soul searching, I have made a decision.
Castle : - Have you now? - Yes.
Martha : I have decided, out of the goodness of my heart,
UNK: that I will continue to live here...
Castle : Rent free.
Martha : Please don't interrupt.
Martha : I will continue to live here
Martha : so that you, Richard,
Martha : will never, ever be alone.
Castle : You'd do that for me, Mother?
Martha : It's a parent's sacrifice.