Castle : Only he killed Wendell before he figured out where he'd stashed it.
Beckett : So he follows Wendy, she leads him to the storage unit, and then he kills her.
Esposito : Find the partner, find the killer.
Beckett : Well, maybe we already found him.
Ryan : What do you mean?
Beckett : Castle, do you remember at the auction,
Beckett : all of the bidders dropped out after $ 1,500.
Castle : - Except one. - He knew what was inside.
UNK: Then why else would he bid so high?
UNK: Felix Gozarian, NYPD, open up!
Felix : Just a second.
Esposito : - He's making a run for it. - Yeah, go.
UNK: NYPD!
Beckett : - Don't move! - Drop it!
Felix : I thought you were thieves trying to steal my stuff.
Felix : I had absolutely no idea what was in the storage unit.
UNK: Yet, unlike anyone else there, you bid us through the roof.
Felix : Lady, that's strategy.
Felix : I bid on a lot of things. That's how I make my money.
Esposito : So, you actually sell this stuff?
UNK: Not yet. I'm still organizing, cataloging.
Felix : There's a method to all of this, you know.
Felix : What I collect, what I bid on.
Beckett : Especially when you got inside information.
UNK: You knew exactly what was in that unit.
Felix : No, I didn't.
Felix : Yeah, you know, I was thinking, when I signed up for the auction,
UNK: there was a guy, you know.
UNK: Offered me $500 to be his proxy,
Felix : get unit 317. Very specific, 317.
Epsosito : And what'd you say?
Felix : I said no. $500? I'm not in for the short money.
Felix : Made me curious. 317, why?
Beckett : That was probably Wendell's partner.
Esposito : - Mm-hmm. - And was he at the auction?
Angelica : No, no, no, no, no. I never saw him again.
Beckett : We're gonna need you to sit with a sketch artist.
Beckett : So, Felix alibied out, but...
Castle : Who's that?
Beckett : Wendell's partner. Ryan and Esposito are trying to ID him now.
Beckett : How about you?
Castle : I have ripped through everything in this room big enough to hide a bracelet.
Castle : - You know what I found? - Nothing?
Castle : Absolutely nothing save for these wicked nun-chucks.
UNK: Which is how I broke the hot dog maker. Also some notable books.
Castle : Slovakian Polka Music, Prosthetic Eye Manufacturing,
Castle : and my favorite, A History of Irish Travelers.
Beckett : I don't get it. All of the evidence, Wendy's murder,
Beckett : everything points to the fact that that bracelet should be in there.
Castle : Well, it's not.
UNK: I did, however, make some headway on my little stick-man theory.
UNK: Really?
Castle : Yes. Whilst you were still an officer,
Castle : you risked your life, running into traffic to save an old gypsy woman.
Beckett : A gypsy woman?
Castle : An old gypsy woman.
Castle : To reward your bravery, she gave you a talisman.
UNK: She said, "As long as you keep it, no harm will ever befall you."
UNK: No harm will ever befall me?
Castle : You look all right to me.
Gates : So, Mr. Castle,
Gates : I decided to give Frozen Heat a read. And you know what?
Gates : It's really a good book.
Castle : You liked it?
Gates : I loved it. I...
Gates : - Do you mind? - No.
Gates : I ordered the rest of the Nikki Heat series.
UNK: And again, thank you for my Gemini collectible.
Gates : I now have a complete set.
Castle : You see that? She loves me now.
Castle : I've got that scary little monstrosity to thank for it.
Ryan : Hey, guys? You need to see this.
Ryan : So, Robbery interviewed a guy named Marco Vinstrolli.
Ryan : His van got a parking ticket around the corner
UNK: the night that Angelica's bracelet was stolen.
Ryan : Now they found nothing to connect him, but...
Ryan : Look familiar?
Beckett : That's our guy.
Ryan : The storage manager said that