Martha : Okay. So, don't you think you should tell her?
Alexis : Tell me what?
UNK: Kate Beckett : You told Alexis?
Castle : I didn't want to. Mother used her Jedi mind tricks on me.
Beckett : She knows, too?
Beckett : Castle, do they realize what's at stake here?
Beckett : Because if Alexis tells Lanie...
Castle : Alexis won't tell Lanie.
Beckett : Lanie's gonna tell Esposito.
Beckett : Esposito can't keep his mouth shut with Ryan,
Beckett : and Ryan's gonna blow it out of proportion.
Beckett : And then Gates is gonna find out
Beckett : and we won't be able to work together anymore.
Castle : Trust me, she knows what's at stake. And our secret is safe.
Beckett : So, how did she take it? Us being together?
Castle : She was too preoccupied with her move to even comment.
Castle : I mean, it's ridiculous. She's got boxes and boxes of stuff.
Castle : And apparently all of it's important.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we all need our stuff, Castle. I've got boxes and boxes of it.
Beckett : It's comforting. It reminds me of my past.
Castle : Your kinky past?
Beckett : I've got that box, too.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Housekeeping found her this morning. Name's Wendy Dupree,
UNK: Lanie Parish : 25 years of age, single gunshot to the chest from a 9-millimeter.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Unfortunately, she died slowly.
Beckett : Yeah, long enough to write the word "Lie."
Beckett : So, our killer wasn't a pro. She wouldn't have been left breathing.
Castle : A dying declaration. But what does it mean?
Lanie : Hey, that's your department.
Castle : Well, did someone lie to her?
Castle : - Perhaps it's the killer's initials? - Mm.
Castle : Maybe a grammatical error. She should have written "Lay."
UNK: Javier Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Victim's wallet.
UNK: Javier Esposito : She came a long way to get killed. She's a Philly girl.
Beckett : How long was she here for?
Esposito : Front desk says she checked in yesterday afternoon, alone.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : She wasn't alone.
UNK: She brought 4,000 of her closest friends.
UNK: With that kind of cash, what's she doing in a dump like this?
Beckett : All right, run financials. See what you guys can find.
Beckett : Castle, what do you think?
Castle : I think, as much as I love a good mystery,
Castle : she could have left a more helpful note.
Esposito : Here's a message that needs no interpretation.
UNK: "You think you can lie to me?"
Castle : Maybe that's the lie.
UNK: "Run all you want. I'm gonna find you and make you pay."
UNK: That's a 215 area code. That's Philly.
Beckett : Pull a warrant for the cell phone. I wanna know who sent that text.
UNK: Joe Pratt : Yeah, I sent it. You bet I did.
UNK: Well, sounds like you had a big problem with her.
Pratt : Hell, yeah, I had a problem! Wendy's a waitress at my place.
UNK: Joel's Cheese Steaks. The best in Philly.
Pratt : The best in Philly? That's a tad presumptuous.
Pratt : Well, it is.
Pratt : So yesterday, I sent that fraul to the bank
Pratt : to make a deposit for the restaurant, right?
Pratt : But does she make the drop? No!
Pratt : She hightails it up here with 4,000 of my dollars!
UNK: That's a lot of cheese steak.
Beckett : So you followed her to New York to get your money back.
Pratt : Damn right. I tried to be nice.
Pratt : Finally she calls me, and she's like, "I'm sorry. It was an emergency.
UNK: "I'll pay you back double when you get back."
Pratt : Screw that, she stole from me!
Beckett : And for that she deserved to die?
UNK: Yeah!
Pratt : Wait, what?
Pratt : Oh, no. No!
Pratt : I didn't do this. No, I couldn't even find her.
UNK: No, I had just got off the train from Philly, uh,
Pratt : an hour before youse guys picked me up.
Beckett : So, Amtrak confirms that Pratt was ticketed yesterday,
Beckett : but they can't be sure what train he was on.
UNK: So we're double-checking his alibi.
Castle : Have them check on that cheese steak, too.
Castle : There's no way that it's the best in Philly.
Beckett : Anyway, even if it was him,
Beckett : it doesn't explain Wendy's mysterious emergency.
Beckett : The stolen cash, a sudden trip to New York City.
UNK: Why she would write "Lie."
Castle : You don't write a dying message in blood just for kicks.
Castle : There had to be a reason.
UNK: Are you out, too? Want more?
Beckett : Yeah. You know what? I'll go get it.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Mm-hmm.