Ryan : he rented Marco a unit on the same floor the day before the auction.
Ryan : So I reviewed their surveillance tapes.
UNK: This is from 6 : 00 a.m. Yesterday morning, five hours before the auction.
Castle : He broke into my storage unit!
UNK: But it was Wendell's at the time, but now it's mine.
Castle : Is that a safe?
Beckett : That's why we couldn't find your bracelet.
Beckett : Because it was in the safe.
Castle : My safe.
Beckett : So do we have a license on that van?
UNK: - NYPD! Put up your hands! - Put it down!
UNK: Take your hand off your tool, Marco!
Beckett : Shut up.
Beckett : Marco, we know that you and Wendell were partners.
Beckett : Your van was ticketed when you guys pulled the job.
UNK: Robbery couldn't prove it before,
UNK: but now with these, well, we got you.
UNK: Well, it seems to me like all you got me for is stealing a safe.
Marco : What's the punishment for that? Thirty days?
Beckett : More like 30 years, after we add Wendell and Wendy's murders to it.
UNK: Murder?
Beckett : Why don't you tell us exactly what happened,
Beckett : and we'll get the DA to cut you a deal.
Beckett : But you better hurry because they're cutting through that safe,
Beckett : and when they find that diamond bracelet, you're on your own.
Castle : You know what I love about this case?
Ryan : What's that?
Castle : Finding a pretty pink bracelet in my belongings.
UNK: You know you're gonna have to return that...
UNK: I know, Ryan. I know that. Can't you just let me have this moment?
Castle : This one small Treasure Island, Indiana Jones moment?
UNK: Sorry. Go ahead.
Castle : Well, it's too late now. It's ruined.
Marco : All I did was help him break into that penthouse.
UNK: And I swear to God, I didn't even know the guy.
UNK: Johan or Wendell, whatever,
UNK: paid me 5 grand to kill the alarms, no questions asked.
Marco : We did the job. He came out happy,
UNK: said, "Mission accomplished." We went separate ways.
Beckett : Except you still wanted the bracelet.
Beckett : So you went after him, and you killed him.
Marco : I didn't even know he took that damn bracelet
Marco : until I read about it in the papers.
Marco : And by that time, he was already dead.
Marco : So I broke into Wendell's,
Marco : but all I found was a key marked "storage unit."
Esposito : And you didn't know where that storage unit was.
Marco : So I kept a close eye on upcoming auctions,
Marco : until I found one with Johan's name.
Marco : As soon as I saw the safe inside,
Marco : I knew that's where he'd stashed that diamond bracelet.
Castle : Oh, I love this part.
Castle : The kick of adrenaline. The quickening of the heart.
Castle : Those last few drops of anticipation.
Beckett : It's empty.
Beckett : So where is the bracelet?
Castle : Wherever it is, it's laughing at me.
Esposito : Maybe Marco was wrong, and Wendell sold it before he was killed.
Ryan : Well, then, where's the money from the sale?
Ryan : No money means there should be a bracelet.
Ryan : No bracelet means there should be money.
Castle : I think the question we should be asking
Castle : is how did Wendell even pull off a heist like this to begin with?
UNK: Angelica said that the thief cracked the wall safe.
Castle : Do you know how hard it is to crack a wall safe?
UNK: Especially since Wendell didn't even have any of the proper equipment
Castle : in his storage unit. It just...
Esposito : Doesn't make any sense?
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Unless Angelica wasn't telling us the truth.
Beckett : Listen to this.
Beckett : Angelica was scheduled for a bankruptcy hearing a week ago.
UNK: But it was canceled because she made a $2 million payment to her creditors.
Castle : That's right after the insurance company
Castle : paid her claim on the bracelet.
Castle : What if this whole thing was a ploy to commit insurance fraud?
UNK: "Mission accomplished."
Beckett : That's what Wendell said after the break-in.
UNK: "Mission accomplished."
Castle : Right. He didn't say he actually stole anything.
Castle : The mission was to make it look like a robbery.
Beckett : And the best way to make it look real,
UNK: to fool the police and the insurance company...
Castle : Is to actually break in, yet steal nothing. Angelica set this whole thing up.
Beckett : And the only other person that knew was Wendell.
UNK: She couldn't afford to let him or his sister expose her secret.
Beckett : I call that motive for murder and probable cause for a search warrant.
Castle : - Oh. - Oh.
Castle : - Good work. - Thank you.
Kirby : I'm sorry, Ms. Henley. They just barged in.
Angelica : You people have no grounds to search my residence.