UNK: This cannot be happening.
Monica : The realtor said another couple made an offer.
Monica : Maybe the Janices won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
UNK: The only way that'll happen is if the other couple are the Hitlers!
UNK: Okay, okay! All right, what if we get both houses?
UNK: - We can turn this one into a guesthouse! - That's a great idea!
Chandler : By the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful...
Chandler : ...but when did you start crapping money?
Monica : - You come up with an idea. - All right.
UNK: We've still got three hours till escrow closes on our house.
Chandler : - We can still get out. - But we love our house.
Chandler : Will we love it so much with her next door?
Chandler : And she's gonna be louder out here too!
Chandler : Just the crickets and, "Oh... my... God!"
Monica : Okay. But if we don't get this house, she'll still show up wherever we go.
Monica : At least if she's here, it eliminates the element of surprise.
Monica : Never again will you have to hear the three words...
Monica : ...that make your balls jump back up inside your body!
Chandler : Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door.
Chandler : Oh, that does it too.
UNK: R Zelner : Who is it?
Ross : It's me. Ron.
UNK: Look, I know Rachel turned you down...
UNK: ...but I think there's a way you might be able to get her to come back.
UNK: Mr Zelner : This may surprise you, but rehiring fired employees is not my main job.
Ross : Just hear me out.
Ross : How would you feel about offering her a raise?
UNK: Mr Zelner : Not good, Ron.
Ross : Perhaps I can persuade you.
UNK: What if you could give your son...
UNK: ...this genuine pterodactyl egg replica.
UNK: Mr Zelner : Wow! That's pretty cool.
UNK: So? Do we have a deal?
UNK: Mr Zelner : - Okay, you got it. - Yes! Yes!
UNK: Mr Zelner : This is gonna make me very popular.
Ross : Believe me, the ladies, they love it.
UNK: Mr Zelner : I meant with my son.
UNK: Good, because the ladies, not so much.
UNK: Joey, this is Al Zebooker, the guy who eats paper.
UNK: Answering Machine : I'm sure you've heard that Estelle passed away.
UNK: Answering Machine : I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her...
UNK: Answering Machine : ...at the Westside Chapel tomorrow at 1 0.
UNK: Answering Machine : Hope you can make it.
Janice : Oh, my God.
Joey : - Hello? - Joey, it's Estelle.
UNK: Estelle?
Phoebe : Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for firing me.
Joey : Okay. I just... I can't believe you're calling me.
Phoebe : I didn't think I should just drop by.
UNK: No, no! Don't drop by! Don't drop by!
Phoebe : Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay.
Joey : Can I ask you something?
Joey : What's it like there?
UNK: It's all right.
Phoebe : Look, kiddo, I gotta go.
Phoebe : Good luck with the career. You're gonna be huge!
Joey : Thanks for everything, Estelle. Bye.
Joey : "Out of area." Boy, I'll say!
Janice : Well, I just talked to Sid.
Janice : We are definitely putting in an offer on the house.