Lisa : I asked you before why you were tough on me.
Cuddy : I wasn't.
Arlene : You were. And I know why.
Cuddy : You see something in me that you didn't see
Cuddy : in Julia and you didn't see in you.
Cuddy : A type of ambition, a type of brains.
Cuddy : That's why you rode me.
Cuddy : You made me yearbook editor, summa undergrad, AOA in med school.
Cuddy : The only time I ever see light in your eyes
Cuddy : is when you hear me talking about my job.
Cuddy : The reason you keep coming to see me
Cuddy : in the clinic is because you trust me.
Cuddy : You trust my medical judgment.
Cuddy : So here it is.
Cuddy : If you transfer to Princeton General,
Cuddy : you'll be treated well and you'll die.
Cuddy : If you stay here with House, you'll be treated badly, but you'll live.
Cuddy : I don't care if I have to slash the tires
Cuddy : of every ambulance in this bay, Mom.
Cuddy : I am not letting you leave my hospital.
Nurse : One, two, three.
Cuddy : I got it. How are you feeling, Mom?
Arlene : I feel a little dizzy.
House : Heart's still weak from the infection. We'll hang an antifungal IV.
Arlene : If you're so great, how come you're not
Arlene : running your department anymore?
Cuddy : What are you talking about, Mom?
Arlene : That's what he told me.
House : Two days ago?
House : I said that I didn't have a department to run? I was being sarcastic.
Arlene : No, you weren't.
House : Right, because people who are talking
House : can't tell if they're being sarcastic.
Arlene : That doesn't make any sense.
Arlene : Of course they can. But you weren't.
UNK: I love A-Rod.
UNK: He's so modest
UNK: and I highly respect the paintings he has of himself as a centaur.
UNK: Question. Do I like A-Rod?
Arlene : Yes. Whoever he is.
Cuddy : She can't recognize sarcasm?
House : Deficit in the right parahippocampal gyrus,
House : which means CNS involvement before the fever.
House : I was wrong about the endocarditis.
Arlene : I don't feel...
Cuddy : Mom. Mom.
Cuddy : Heart rate 170. Nurse!
Cuddy : Do something.
Arlene : I am.
UNK: House! The fever was hypothalamic.
House : That means brain, heart, anemia, allergy.
House : You hear that, what do you think? I don't know.
UNK: You think heavy metal toxicity.
Cuddy : It can't be. You treated chelation for lead.
UNK: And she got better, then she got worse
UNK: because she never stopped being poisoned.