UNK: Chuck Harrison : But coming up next, your morning coffee could be killing you.
UNK: Chuck Harrison : We'll have that story when we come back.
Producer : And we're out to commercial.
UNK: Everyone here is devastated.
Harvey : We're like a family.
Castle : What kind of family? Happy or dysfunctional?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Beckett : Meaning as the station manager, you would know your personnel.
Beckett : Did she have any conflicts with anyone?
Harvey : Sure, but I can't imagine that has anything to do with what happened.
Beckett : Well, who was it?
Harvey : The other weather girl, Rebecca Fog.
Castle : Is Fog her real name?
Beckett : And what was the conflict?
Harvey : Rebecca was the new meteorologist.
Harvey : She was ambitious and nipping at Mandy's heels.
Beckett : Had anything happened recently?
Harvey : As a matter of fact, they did just get into a bit of a scuffle.
Beckett : Really? When was this?
Harvey : Last night. I'll show you.
Harvey : Sorry, Chip. We need the bay.
UNK: Chip Chambers : Yeah, sure, Harvey. What's up?
Harvey : Bob, I need the unaired footage
Harvey : from Mandy's segment last night at City of Trust.
Harvey : The police need to see some tape on Mandy.
UNK: Yeah, it was a terrible thing.
Chip : Whoa. Talk about New York's Finest.
Chip : She really a cop?
Castle : Yes, she's really a cop.
Chip : Chip Chambers. I do sports, and you can arrest me anytime.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe I will.
Harvey : That's it.
UNK: Well, that's your weather, folks,
Mandy : straight from my lips to your living room.
Mandy : This is Mandy Michaels reporting live from the toy drive
Mandy : at the City of Trust Children's Hospital.
Producer : And we're clear.
UNK: Rebecca? What the hell are you doing here?
UNK: Rebecca Fog : You know exactly what I'm doing here, you conniving bitch!
Rebecca : You have no idea who you're dealing with!
Harvey : What happened?
Harvey : The cameraman turned off his camera and he broke up the fight.
Beckett : Did he see Rebecca leave?
Harvey : No. Once they settled down, he left them there talking.
Castle : It must have been a hell of a talk. An hour later, Mandy was dead.
UNK: Rebecca Fog : Look, Mandy Michaels was a lazy, entitled, big-boobed bimbo.
UNK: Rebecca Fog : I've been picking up her slack since the minute I got here.
UNK: "Harvey, I can't go in the helicopter
UNK: "for Traffic Live because of my asthma.
UNK: "Make Rebecca do it."
UNK: Rebecca Fog : I mean, did I hate her? Yes. But I would never kill her.
Beckett : Except, now that she's dead, you get to trade in the 4 : 00 a.m. Shift
Beckett : for the coveted and lucrative evening news spot, right?
UNK: Please.
Rebecca : I didn't need to kill her for that. I just needed to wait.
UNK: She was already past her sell-by date.
Castle : Well, according to Harvey, she still had a very loyal audience.
Rebecca : Sure, yeah, people who cared about
Rebecca : how many buttons on her blouse were open.
UNK: But at her age, in high-def, she was running out of buttons fast.
Beckett : Then what was the fight about, Ms. Fog?
Rebecca : Look, I'm a certified meteorologist, okay? I have a brain.