Ryan : Question is, which one?
Ryan : What the hell are you doing?
UNK: Being a good cop, narrowing down my options. What are you doing?
Esposito : Here. Right here.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Hands! Now! Don't move!
UNK: Jonathan Goodheart : I didn't do anything.
UNK: Jonathan Goodheart : I didn't do anything, I swear.
Ryan : That's her phone.
UNK: No. That's my phone.
Esposito : I suppose that's your purse, too?
Esposito : Jonathan Goodheart.
Esposito : You have been a very, very bad boy, Jonathan.
Jonathan : It's Johnny.
Esposito : It says here, Jonathan,
Esposito : that you have priors for stalking, indecent exposure.
UNK: The stalking was a misunderstanding,
UNK: and that other thing happened on a really hot day.
Esposito : You just have an explanation for everything, don't you, Jonathan?
Esposito : So why don't you explain to me
Esposito : what you were doing with Mandy Michaels' purse?
Jonathan : I found it.
Esposito : You found it?
Jonathan : In a dumpster on Lexington and 9th.
Jonathan : It was soft.
Jonathan : I like things that are soft.
UNK: Yeah, take care, Ms. Michaels.
Beckett : - Hey. - You okay?
UNK: Well, I just got off the phone with Mandy's parents.
Beckett : They said that she spent most of her time at work. There was no boyfriend,
Beckett : and they have no idea why she was in the park.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check this out.
Ryan : I was going through Mandy's purse and I found this folded up in her wallet.
UNK: "If any of this gets out, I'll kill you"?
UNK: I'm gonna go ahead and say she was being threatened.
Beckett : That doesn't mean this is why she was killed.
Beckett : All the evidence points to the fact that she was mugged.
Lanie : It wasn't a mugging.
Beckett : How can you tell?
UNK: Blood spatter on her blouse indicates the shirt was ripped after the gunshot.
Castle : - And what about the bruising? - Post-mortem.
Beckett : To make it look like a mugging.
Lanie : Someone's trying to cover their tracks.
Esposito : Speaking of which, I figured out what's different.
Lanie : You're having sex.
Beckett : - Excuse me? - Oh, don't try to deny it.
Lanie : There's a glow. I know that glow.
Lanie : So, who's the guy?
Castle : Yeah, Beckett, who's the guy?
Beckett : Nobody that you would know, okay?
Castle : Are you sure? I know a lot of guys.
UNK: I'm sure. Anything else?
Harvey : As a matter of fact, I found makeup on Mandy's blouse
UNK: that's much lighter than the shade that she wears.
UNK: The position indicates close contact, like she fought with someone.
Castle : Rounding up all the women in the city who wear lighter makeup
Castle : is a pretty wide net.
Lanie : It isn't just any makeup. It's formulated for high-definition cameras.
Beckett : Like the ones they use at TV stations.
UNK: Miles Haxton : In the meantime, authorities are still on the hunt
UNK: Miles Haxton : for suspects in the Mandy Michaels slaying.
UNK: Though few details have been released,
UNK: Miles Haxton : we can confirm that she was shot to death late last night in Paley Park.
UNK: Miles Haxton : Speaking on behalf of the entire broadcast community,
UNK: the five-day forecast just won't be the same. Chuck?
UNK: Chuck Harrison : Thank you, Miles.
UNK: Chuck Harrison : We'll bring you more on this difficult story as events unfold.