Castle : Don't worry. Relax. You're over-thinking this. Really.
Esposito : What, no coffee?
UNK: No, I forgot hers.
Esposito : You forgot? On her first day back from suspension?
Beckett : It's all right. I've already forgiven him.
Beckett : - So who's our vic? - Local celeb.
Esposito : Groundskeeper found her tucked behind this fountain early this morning.
Esposito : She's actually the weather girl for WHNY, Mandy Michaels.
Esposito : - Mandy Michaels? - Yeah.
Beckett : - Really? - Yeah.
Castle : Oh, man! I watched her every night. She had the best...
UNK: Forecasts.
UNK: What? Look, listen, as a single man, I appreciated her assets.
Castle : You can't tell me people watched her for the weather.
UNK: Lanie Parish : - Welcome back! - Thank you.
UNK: You... What, are you doing something different?
UNK: No. Why?
Lanie : I don't know. Something's changed.
Beckett : So, how'd she die?
UNK: Single GSW.
UNK: Shot was called in by neighbors last night at 10 : 28 p.m.
Lanie : Which fits lividity.
Lanie : There's also signs of a struggle.
Lanie : Vic has bruises on her upper arm and her blouse was ripped.
Esposito : No sign of a wallet, purse or phone.
Castle : Sounds like a mugging gone wrong.
Esposito : I got Tech pinging her phone as we speak.
Esposito : Speaking of which, I'm gonna go check on that.
Beckett : You guys still haven't buried the hatchet?
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : It is what it is.
UNK: So according to Mandy's producer at WHNY,
UNK: she was last seen by her camera crew doing a weather spot
UNK: at City of Trust Children's Hospital last night at 9 : 30 p.m.
Castle : That's 20 blocks from here.
UNK: Yeah, Mandy's apartment's the other direction.
Beckett : So what was she doing here in the park an hour later?
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Mandy's phone is active.
Esposito : Tech tracked her GPS signal to a building on the Lower East Side.
Castle : Sounds like our mugger.
Beckett : You guys check into it. Castle and I will talk to next of kin.
UNK: - Yeah, I probably... - You know, I'd be much...
UNK: Just... Just go. Okay?
Esposito : Signal's coming from one of the rooms on this floor.