Reggie : Because that's how rumors get started.
Reggie : I know what you're thinking.
Reggie : I'm a professional athlete, she's the blonde weather girl.
Reggie : But it wasn't like that. She wasn't like that.
Reggie : Those kids at City of Trust?
Reggie : To other celebs, they were just a photo op.
Reggie : Not to her. She cared.
Reggie : You should have seen her last week
Reggie : asking them questions, listening to their stories.
UNK: People think she's some kind of bimbo, but she wasn't.
Reggie : Anyway, I saw her hailing a cab, I offered her a ride.
Reggie : She asked to be dropped off at the park. That happened around 10 : 00.
UNK: Where were you at 10 : 28?
Reggie : I was across town at X Bar promoting my new shoe line.
Reggie : Check it.
Ryan : Mandy mention why she wanted to get dropped off at the park?
Reggie : No. She seemed nervous.
Reggie : Maybe it had something to do with what happened a couple of days ago.
UNK: What happened a couple of days ago?
Reggie : She called me for a ride from the emergency room.
Reggie : I asked her what happened but she wouldn't say.
Ryan : Wait, she was there as a patient?
Reggie : Yeah. She didn't look hurt, but she seemed pretty upset.
Beckett : Do you actually buy this whole "just friends" thing?
Castle : It's possible.
Beckett : Yeah, it's possible, but it's not probable.
Castle : I don't know. You and I were just friends for four years.
Beckett : Yeah, except you were trying to sleep with me that whole time.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : - What? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Excuse me, it was you that was trying to sleep with me.
Castle : Don't tell me you dress like that for Esposito.
Esposito : What's for me?
Castle : - Don't worry about it. - Nothing.
Esposito : Reggie's alibi is solid.
UNK: He was already at the X Bar buying shots for everyone
Esposito : when Mandy was killed.
Esposito : His wife confirms that they were all just friends.
UNK: In fact, she's the one who bought him that prepaid cell phone
Esposito : because his was hacked or something.
UNK: Okay, then touch base with the ER doctor
Beckett : that treated Mandy a couple of days ago.
Beckett : Whatever landed her in emergency
Beckett : might have caught up with her last night.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I found out who Mandy...
UNK: Yo. Are you wearing makeup?
Beckett : - No. - Really?
Esposito : Because an hour ago, you and I both had black eyes, and now you don't.
Ryan : No, this is not makeup. This is tinted moisturizer.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : Jenny just stopped by,
Ryan : she happened to have some in her purse
Ryan : and I figured since...
Ryan : Fine. Just judge all you want.
Ryan : So, I found out who Mandy was fighting with at her apartment the day she died.
Ryan : The store across the street from her building uses surveillance.
Ryan : There was no sign of Reggie, but I did see another familiar face.
Ryan : WHNY reporter Miles Haxton.
UNK: Miles Haxton : Yeah, that's me.
Castle : So what were you doing at her place?
Beckett : Mandy's neighbors overheard the two of you fighting. What was it about?
UNK: Uh...
Miles : Our relationship.
Beckett : - You were dating? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why didn't you tell us this before?
Miles : Because I couldn't take the chance that it would get out.
UNK: The reporter and the weather girl? No.
Miles : This station has a very strict policy about inter-office dating.
UNK: And even with what happened to Mandy,
UNK: Harvey still would've suspended me.
Beckett : How long had the two of you been seeing each other?
Miles : Couple months.
Castle : What went wrong?
Miles : Here's the thing about a secret workplace romance, okay?
Miles : In the beginning, you're on a high.
Miles : Every stolen moment feels like a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart.
Miles : You get butterflies on your way into work.
Miles : It's exciting and dangerous and the sex is amazing.
UNK: And then what?
UNK: And then it imploded.
UNK: We were never gonna keep up the secret.
Miles : We were already drowning in all the lies we had to tell.
Beckett : Did your co-workers ever find out?
Miles : Not yet.
UNK: But I had to stay out in front of it
Miles : to keep it from destroying both of our careers.
Miles : I mean, I still have a shot at a national desk.
Beckett : And Mandy didn't want it to end.
UNK: She could've threatened to tell Harvey.
Miles : What? No. No. Are you kidding?
UNK: No, Mandy didn't want this to get out any more than I did.
UNK: You're not gonna tell, are you?
UNK: Where were you last night at 10 : 28?
UNK: At a press party at the Ritz-Carlton for the launch of the Vega smartphone.
Castle : Did Mandy say anything to you about going to the ER a couple of days ago?
Miles : No, she didn't mention it.
Miles : But then again, she was acting pretty strange last week.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Miles : She wouldn't tell me, but I got the feeling
Miles : it was more than just us she was upset about.
Miles : There was something else that was bothering her.
UNK: Now, it looks like those makeup ladies were right about Mandy's affair.
Castle : They just had the wrong guy.
Beckett : Castle, what about the other stuff that they said,
Beckett : about how secret romances are impossible to keep hidden?
Beckett : I mean, you heard Miles. I don't want to drown in a sea of lies.
Castle : Well, if it's any comfort to you, I do know mouth-to-mouth.
Beckett : - Hey, Espo. - Yo.
Esposito : Found something weird.
Esposito : The ER doc that treated Mandy? Turns out it was for a severe asthma attack.
Beckett : Yeah, that's not weird. We know that Mandy had asthma.
UNK: It's why she couldn't go up in the station helicopter.
Esposito : Which brings me to the weird part.
Esposito : She arrived at the ER in the WHNY news chopper.
Esposito : She landed on the helipad and the pilot walked her inside.
Beckett : Okay. Thank you.
Castle : With her asthma,
Castle : what was she doing up there and why did no one know about it?
Beckett : There is one person that knew about it. The helicopter pilot.
Bodyguard : Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where you going, pretty boy?
UNK: It's 8 : 30. It's time for your segment with Kristina.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Gotta get you into makeup.
Jonathan : - Um... - Yeah, it's okay. I'll take care of it.
Castle : Okay. Don't solve the case without me.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Look, I wasn't supposed to, okay?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : But a few days ago,
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : she showed up with an envelope stuffed with a thousand bucks.
UNK: Said she needed the chopper only for 20 minutes and nobody could know.
Beckett : Did she tell you why she needed it?
UNK: No. But it must've been important.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Look, I liked Mandy. Bubbly, easy on the eyes.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : I wanted to help her out.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : But then we get up there, she's got all this equipment
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : and she wants to fly over Jersey.
Beckett : Why New Jersey?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Beats me. All I know is it's more fuel and my boss might notice.
Beckett : Okay, so did you do it?
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : Yeah, we were over Jersey for a few minutes,
UNK: but then she started breathing heavy.
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : She didn't have her inhaler, so I flew straight to the hospital.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what she was up to?
UNK: No. But when I told her I didn't want to leave New York,
UNK: she said, "It's a matter of life or death."
UNK: Helicopter Pilot : I guess maybe she was right.
Castle : Well, that was the last time I took my laptop into a coffee shop.
Kristina : So, as a handsome, best-selling author,
Kristina : I'm sure you must have women
Kristina : throwing themselves at you all the time.
Castle : Well, we all have our crosses to bear.
Beckett : Yes, you are such a martyr.
Kristina : So, no one special in your life right now?
UNK: Um...
Castle : No. Uh... Actually, no, no one special. I'm single right now.
Kristina : That's good. Because there's a question I've been wanting to ask you.
Kristina : Will you have dinner with me tomorrow night?
Beckett : Oh. Um...
UNK: Well... Wow. I'm flattered.
Beckett : But I have to decline.
Kristina : Come on, Castle. There's only three seconds until commercial.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : I, uh...
Beckett : Exactly. What are you waiting for? Hello?
Kristina : We're gonna need an answer.
UNK: No.
Castle : Actually, I would love to.
Kristina : - It's a date! - Great.
Kristina : Frozen Heat, it's on bookshelves now.
Kristina : We'll have more with Richard Castle after the break.
Castle : I'm telling you, it's the perfect cover.
UNK: No one's gonna suspect us if they know I'm going out with Kristina.
UNK: Yo. Castle, nice work with Coterra, bro.
Castle : See? Perfect.
Beckett : Yeah, it's perfect.
Beckett : So how far do you plan on taking this date with her?
UNK: Well, I'm taking her out to a fancy dinner, someplace romantic,
Castle : where everyone will see us, maybe even end up on Page Six.
Castle : How great would that be?
UNK: That'd be so... That'd be really great.
Castle : You are okay with this, right?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, why?
Castle : Just asking.
Castle : So, what did we learn about Mandy's helicopter ride?
Beckett : Well, we found the equipment that she used in her apartment.
Beckett : It turns out it's all the stuff she stole from Rebecca Fog.
Harvey : Rebecca Fog.
Rebecca : What, you mean it wasn't a prank? I mean, she actually used this stuff?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Well, we were hoping you could tell us.
Rebecca : Well, if she was up in the chopper,
UNK: she must've been using the Direct Tox monitor.
Castle : The Direct Tox monitor, of course.
Beckett : - You have no idea what that is. - No, not a clue.
Rebecca : It's an instrument to test air quality.
Rebecca : But she was a glorified spokesmodel. What the hell was she up to?
Castle : Is there any way to find out?
Rebecca : Yeah, the monitor stores measured data.
UNK: - Whoa. Wait. This can't be right. - What?
UNK: It's indicating high levels of styrene.
Beckett : And is that unusual?
Rebecca : Styrene's a dangerous chemical.
Rebecca : Prolonged exposure can lead to severe respiratory problems.
Castle : Like asthma.
Beckett : Mandy had an asthma attack right after she did that test.
Castle : And remember Reggie's statement?
Castle : He said Mandy was hanging out at the hospital with those sick kids.
Castle : Maybe there's a connection.
Kid : She was really nice.
Kid : She said she had asthma too and that it didn't have to hold me back.
Kid : When the doctors come in, they only want to talk to my mom.
Kid : The weather lady, she actually wanted to talk to me.
UNK: What kinds of things did she ask you about?
Kid : Lots of things, like school and friends.
Kid : Last time she asked me where I played baseball.
UNK: - And what did you tell her? - Conway Field.
Beckett : Did she tell you why she wanted to know?
Kid : She thought it had something to do with my asthma.
Beckett : - Excuse me. - Mmm.
Ryan : Hey. So I just talked with the mothers of all the other patients
Ryan : that Mandy visited with at the hospital and they all said the same thing.
Ryan : Mandy asked them about their practices at Conway Field.
Castle : Let me guess. Conway Field's in New Jersey?
Ryan : Union County to be exact.
Ryan : So I spoke with Admissions at the hospital,
UNK: and they said that numbers for severe asthma patients
Ryan : are up for that neighborhood.
UNK: Well, as a weather girl and someone with asthma,
UNK: Mandy would've understood the impact of air quality
Castle : on someone with respiratory illness.
UNK: The note said, "If any of this gets out, I'll kill you."