Rebecca : Mandy was just set dressing with cleavage.
Rebecca : My forecasts were way more accurate than hers
Rebecca : and people were starting to notice.
Rebecca : So last week, to get back at me,
Rebecca : she breaks into my office, she steals a bunch of my equipment.
Castle : I mean, that's why I went to confront her.
Rebecca : But that's it, that's all.
UNK: Where were you at 10 : 28 last night?
Rebecca : Home, sleeping. I have the 4 : 00 a.m. Shift, remember?
Rebecca : And besides, she left the Children's Hospital before I did.
Rebecca : You want to find out who killed Mandy,
UNK: ask the person in the silver G-Wagen who picked her up.
Castle : What person?
UNK: Beats me. The car had tinted windows. But it sure seemed like she knew them.
Esposito : So Rebecca was telling the truth about where she was.
Esposito : She paid for the cab with a credit card
Esposito : and the cabbie dropped her off at her apartment before Mandy was killed.
Beckett : Okay, yeah, so check traffic cams and surveillance in the area
UNK: for the silver G-Wagen.
Beckett : Yeah, I mean, if we're lucky we'll...
Beckett : We might actually get a plate.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So, were you able to track down the phone records
Beckett : to see if she made any calls that night?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Kristina Coterra : Richard? Richard Castle!
UNK: Kristina! I have not seen you since...
Kristina : Since I interviewed you on the red carpet
Kristina : and you promised to do my show.
Jonathan : - Um... - That's right. I did.
UNK: Fred Willard canceled on me tonight. I don't have a guest. I feel like it's fate.
Beckett : Okay, I gotta go, Espo. Bye.
UNK: Tonight? Wow.
UNK: 9 : 00. I'm not taking no for an answer.
Castle : Well, then I won't say no.
UNK: Good. I'll see you soon, Ricky.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Oh! That's just their entertainment reporter. She's...
Castle : My agent has been haranguing me to promote Frozen Heat, so...
UNK: Isn't she the reporter that shows up to cover stories in her bikini?
UNK: Yeah, I don't... It's... I didn't notice that.
Beckett : You want to try it again? Make it sound a little more convincing?
Castle : - No. I'm good. - Okay.
Beckett : So the boys are running down our mystery car.
Beckett : In the meantime, they found something on Mandy's phone records.
UNK: She was getting calls from an anonymous burner cell.
Beckett : In fact, the last call she got before her murder was from that number.
Castle : But there's no way to trace it.
Beckett : Yeah, there might be. There's a pattern on the calls
UNK: and most of them came in on weekdays, between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00.
Castle : That's right before her broadcast.
Beckett : Which means she was here.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Yeah, Mandy was here between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : She needed all the time in that chair she could get.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : When a woman hits mid-30s, those HD cameras can turn on you fast.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Faster than my ex-husband in the sack, fast.
Beckett : You know, we were wondering about a series of phone calls
Beckett : that she might have gotten while she was here.
UNK: - Ah. Her secret man. - Secret man?
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Mandy was always open about her love life,
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : but when this guy would call, she'd leave the room.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : She was keeping it on the down-low.
UNK: Makeup Lady 1 : Yeah, you always think you're being so discreet, but trust me, people know.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So do you guys have any idea who he is?
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Yeah. A few weeks ago,
UNK: I went outside to get a Nutter Butter from the vending machine
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : and I overheard them talking about his big game.
Beckett : He's an athlete?
UNK: More like an MVP of a very well known local basketball team.
UNK: Makeup Lady 2 : Does the number 17 ring a bell?
Castle : Reggie Blake?
Castle : She was dating Reggie Blake?
Beckett : Castle, isn't he married?
UNK: Uh-huh.
Esposito : Yeah, not only is he married,
Esposito : but rumor has it he has a very strict "no cheating" clause in their prenup.
Esposito : Based on his income, it'd be very costly if he got a divorce.
Ryan : And guess what he drives?
UNK: - A silver G-Wagen? - Yep.
Beckett : All right, pick him up.
UNK: - Hey, Reggie! - Whoo!
UNK: Make a hole, make a hole. Give him room!
UNK: Nice to see you, Reg.
UNK: Thanks, appreciate it.
UNK: Oh, good to see you, man.
Esposito : Let me take the lead.
Ryan : - Whatever. - What? I got more experience.
UNK: Yo, Javi, you mind if we call a time-out while we collar this guy? Huh?
Beckett : - Bye! - Take care, baby.
Esposito : Reggie. Reggie.
Bodyguard : Whoa, whoa, whoa, fellas. No autographs today.
Esposito : We're NYPD.
Bodyguard : I don't give a hobo's crap if you're CIA. No autographs.
Esposito : We're not here for autographs, we're here for Reggie.
Ryan : And you're obstructing our investigation.
Esposito : So move.
Esposito : That's what I thought.
Ryan : - Oh. Hell. - You're not taking Reggie anywhere.
Esposito : Get out of the way, man.
Castle : Shouldn't they be back by now?
Beckett : - Well, maybe they hit traffic. - Or each other.
Beckett : Either way, Reggie is going down.
Beckett : Unis canvassed Mandy's building
Beckett : and neighbors said that they heard her in a yelling match with a guy
Beckett : the day that she was killed.
Beckett : They said it sounded like a lover's quarrel.
Castle : Relationship goes bad, his marriage is threatened...
Beckett : So Reggie threatens her with the note. "If this gets out, I'll kill you."
Castle : She refuses to play ball, so Reggie does what he does best.
UNK: Starts shooting.
Esposito : Don't ask.
UNK: Reggie Blake : Look, man, I'm sorry. My security guys are protective.
UNK: Reggie Blake : We get a lot of nutbars hanging around the block.
Esposito : Apology not accepted. Now sit down.
Reggie : Look, I told you. I didn't have anything to do with her murder.
Ryan : And yet, we have witnesses that saw Mandy get into your car
Ryan : shortly before she was killed.
Ryan : We know about the affair, Reggie.
UNK: I can't imagine your wife would be too happy if she found out,
Ryan : so you made sure she didn't.
Reggie : What are you talking about, affair?
Reggie : Yeah, I knew Mandy. So did my wife.
Reggie : We were friends. That's all.
Esposito : You really expect us to believe that, Reggie?
Reggie : It's the truth. If you don't believe me, ask my wife.
Esposito : Oh, we will.
UNK: So, I imagine it was just a coincidence that you happened
Ryan : to be driving by the hospital right after Mandy's segment ended?