UNK: Winston Wellesley : We were only looking out for your best interests.
Beckett : We? Winston, who is "we"?
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Mother, do you remember Olivia? Olivia Debiasse?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Of course I do. I have my mind.
Beckett : - Mrs. Wellesley, we need to... - Who are you?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : - Blake, that's not Olivia. - Yes, Mother.
Montgomery : This is a police detective investigating...
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Oh, yes. My ring was stolen. It was very expensive.
Beckett : Yes, ma'am. Uh, but before we can deal with that,
Beckett : we need to ask you a few questions about Olivia Debiasse.
UNK: Olivia.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Came to me looking for a father, so I gave her Winston.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : A child would go a long way to butch up his image.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : But she was my daughter, Mother.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : You were too special.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : You're going to be a senator, maybe even President someday.
Castle : Mrs. Wellesley, what happened to Olivia the night of her murder?
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : So many questions about... I don't care for questions.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Olivia questioned me.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : The gall of that girl.
UNK: Frank Davis : Mr. Wellesley, your mother is ill. She can't handle this...
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Oh, shut it, Frank! I can handle anything.
UNK: Frank Davis : It's dangerous for her to get this riled up.
UNK: Frank Davis : I'm getting her medication from the car.
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : What does any of this have to do with my stolen ring?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Mother, did you go to Olivia's apartment that night?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Well, she crossed me, had to be stopped.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : What did you do, Mother?
Beckett : Mrs. Wellesley, did you kill Olivia Debiasse?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : Kill her? Why would I kill her?
UNK: Lenanne Wellesley : No. I said, "Take care of it," and it was taken care of.
Beckett : And who did you ask to take care of it?
Montgomery : Well, well, well. If it isn't Frank Davis.
UNK: Frank Davis : - Sorry, pal. Got the wrong guy. - I don't think so, pal.
Montgomery : I just spent the better part of the day sweating a guard named Patterson
Montgomery : who works in the prison where Brady Thompson was killed.
UNK: Frank Davis : I don't know any Brady Thompson and I don't know any Patterson.
Montgomery : That's funny, 'cause he knows you. Said that you paid him
Montgomery : to monitor Brady Thompson's calls about a package.
Esposito : No. No, no, no.
Montgomery : Said that you paid him to have a lifer put a shiv in Brady Thompson's back.
Montgomery : Now you tell me how I got the wrong guy.
UNK: Cuffs.
Castle : - So, Frank was the family hitman? - More like the family fixer.
Montgomery : He cleaned up all types of dirt for Senator Wellesley back in the day.
Montgomery : He knows where all the bodies are buried.
UNK: And which ones needed to be dug up.
Montgomery : And then after he got rid of Olivia on Mrs. Wellesley's orders,
Montgomery : he called around to all his low-life connections
Montgomery : until he found someone desperate enough to cut a deal.
UNK: Then why, after 10 years,
Castle : would he suddenly stop paying Brady to do his jail time?
Montgomery : When Mrs. Wellesley lost her faculties, Blake was granted power of attorney.
Beckett : Frank couldn't get the money to make the payments anymore.
Castle : So he stopped, figuring Brady would just disappear.
Montgomery : And when he found out Brady had evidence to prove his innocence,
Montgomery : Frank panicked. He stole Mrs. Wellesley's ring
Montgomery : and hocked it to finance his plan to shut Brady up permanently.
Beckett : By the way, I took a look at the precinct's numbers.
Beckett : Three closed cases puts us just over the mandated case closure rate.
Beckett : Right in time for the review tomorrow.
Montgomery : You know what's even better than that?
UNK: After 10 years, I can call Olivia's aunt and tell her that we really got the guy.
UNK: Finally.
Castle : And you get to give the messenger's sister some closure, too.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Though I don't suppose having answers makes it any easier.
Beckett : It does, in time.
Alexis : I can't believe how many lives were ruined over one woman's need
Alexis : to protect her family's reputation.
Castle : You will never have this problem.
Castle : Between Grams and myself, our family reputation's already in ruins.
Alexis : - Mmm. Lucky me. - Mmm. Yeah.
Alexis : - What's gonna happen to Brady's son? - Well, there's a silver lining there.
Castle : When Blake Wellesley found out why Brady sold his freedom...
Beckett : - Mmm-hmm. ...he pledged 20 million dollars
Castle : - to a local kids' charity... - Mmm.
Castle : ...who agreed to handle Brady's son's care.
Alexis : - Oh, that's so sweet. - And... Wow.
Alexis : Looking good, Grams. Hot date?
Martha : Dining and dancing with Chet Palaburn.
Castle : What if he turns out to be bloated and ugly?
Martha : Oh. How superficial do you think I am?
Castle : Intensely. Mother, what is going on?
Martha : Present-day Martha is going on.
Martha : I've had filthy, stinking rich. I've had broke, dirt poor.
Martha : And you know what I want now?
Martha : Fun. Just fun.
Castle : And if you aren't what Chet's expecting?
Martha : Oh, please, darling. Look at me. Come on.
Martha : It doesn't get any better than that.
Martha : Don't wait up for me, kids.
Martha : Mama's on the prowl.
Castle : Oh, that poor bastard.
Alexis : Is insanity inherited?