Martha : Well, that was easy. All right! What do we do next?
Alexis : Set up your profile. Name? Martha Rodgers.
Alexis : Sex? Female.
Alexis : - Race? - Color-blind.
Martha : Why should I categorize myself? Shades of gray, darling.
Alexis : - Age? - Ageless.
Martha : - No, better yet, timeless. - Oh, you don't wanna put that.
Castle : Makes you sound like you belong in a museum.
Martha : You have a point. Uh, I know, type in "old enough."
UNK: - Nice. What are you ladies doing? Mmm.
Martha : Alexis is assisting me in creating a MyFace account.
Castle : - I think you mean... - Save your breath.
Alexis : I've been correcting her all morning.
Martha : Well, it's my face, isn't it?
Martha : It's not your face or someone else's face.
Martha : I don't... Well, anyway.
Martha : My fellow cast members have been raving about what fun it is,
Martha : what a great networking tool it is, so here I am.
Alexis : And now you just need to select a photo for your profile page.
Martha : Okay! Should we go dramatic?
Martha : Or commercial?
Martha : Or sassy?
UNK: Don't you have anything from this century?
Martha : - Why, you think the hair is a bit dated? - Not exactly what I was getting at.
Martha : Uh-huh, I know what you were getting at.
Martha : You're no spring chicken yourself, you know.
Martha : Have you looked in the mirror lately? I have two words for you,
Martha : "hairline" and "receding."
Martha : Made you look.
Alexis : She totally got you, Dad.
Castle : Yes, Beckett. Either there's a dead body
Castle : or you just want to hear my sultry voice.
Castle : Dead body it is, where?
Beckett : - You got here fast, Castle. - My side of town.
Beckett : - So, what do we got? - May I?
Esposito : - Be my guest. - Thank you.
Castle : - Our victim's name is Caleb Shimky... - Shimansky.
Castle : - Is that a name? - Yeah, it's a name.
UNK: Kevin Bacon is a bike messenger who failed as a...
Beckett : Esposito, take him to school.
Esposito : The victim is Caleb Shimansky, an on-duty bike messenger.
UNK: Masked suspect in a black 4-door plows into him, killing him instantly.
Esposito : The suspect steals the messenger bag, jumps in his ride and jets off.
Beckett : See, that wasn't so hard.
Castle : No, no, it's good, if you like the dull, non-best-seller version.
Esposito : I thought I gave it some flair.
Beckett : I'm assuming we have plenty of witnesses?
Esposito : Several. Three of them got the suspect's license plate number.
Castle : Aw, man. It's like having a cheat code. You've got multiple witnesses
Castle : and a license plate number.
Castle : It's gonna take you all of, what, five minutes to solve it?
Ryan : Ran the suspect's plates,