Ryan : the car was reported stolen an hour ago.
Castle : A masked man in a stolen car. Our thief planned this
Castle : and obviously wanted what was ever in that messenger bag.
Ryan : Something our vic was delivering. A package or a box.
Beckett : Contact the courier company.
UNK: I wanna know what was in that bag.
Castle : Whatever it was, it was important enough
Castle : to kill the messenger.
Beckett : Sir, we got an APB out on the car,
Beckett : but Esposito and Ryan got nothing on the canvass.
Montgomery : Do we know what was in the package?
Beckett : The, uh, courier company's looking into it right now.
Beckett : Whatever it was, somebody thought that it was worth killing for.
Castle : Off the top of my head, I'm gonna go with nuclear launch codes,
Castle : Dick Cheney's soul on its way to the devil...
Montgomery : All good theories, Castle. All good theories.
Beckett : Um, sir, are you okay? You seem a little distracted.
Montgomery : No, I'm focused.
Montgomery : Focused on the precinct being up for review
Montgomery : and our case closure rate being
UNK: just under 1 PP's new mandated minimum.
Montgomery : Which, of course, doesn't take the budget cuts into consideration.
Montgomery : Now how the hell am I supposed to catch more bad guys
Montgomery : with fewer detectives?
Esposito : Yo, Cap.
Esposito : Courier company said the vic only had one package in his bag.
Esposito : Picked up from 2739 West 2nd, apartment 3-C.
Esposito : Sent by one S. Nidal Mattar. I ran it through the system.
Esposito : There's a Shakir Nidal Mattar on the terror watch list.
Esposito : - Could be the same guy. - Where was the package going?
Esposito : - 614 East 72nd Street. - East 72nd. That's the 64th Precinct.
Beckett : - Sir, that could be an attack. - I need a full tactical alert.
Montgomery : Have them evacuate the building.
Esposito : I'll coordinate with Homeland Security.
UNK: This is Detective Beckett. We have a possible terrorist attack
UNK: - against the 64th. I need to speak to
UNK: your task force...
UNK: Get ESU over to the pick-up address immediately.
UNK: All units on alert. - Yes, this is Montgomery,
UNK: 12th Precinct...
UNK: Uniform 1 : NYPD! Show me your hands!
UNK: Nobody move!
Esposito : - Where's Nidal Mattar? - But...
Esposito : Shakir Nidal Mattar, where is he?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : There's no Shakir Nidal Nattar here! Only Sally Niedermeyer.
Beckett : Ma'am, did you send a package by bike courier this morning?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Yes, I did.
Beckett : S. Nidal Mattar, S. Niedermeyer.
Beckett : Some bozo at the courier company wrote the name wrong.
Castle : - Our bad. I'm gonna... - We can...
Ryan : Yeah, we can fix this. Grab that.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Mrs. Niedermeyer, somebody stole the courier bag
Beckett : that your package was in.
Beckett : And in the course of the crime, a bike messenger was killed.
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Oh, that's terrible.
Beckett : Yeah, we're trying to figure out why they stole the bag.
Beckett : You sent it to the 64th Precinct, is that right?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Could you tell us what was in the package?
Martha : - No. - No?
Martha : - No. - "No," you don't want to?
Castle : Or "no," you don't remember or know what's in the package?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Yes, to the second part, the "don't know" part.
Beckett : - Where'd you get the package? - From my favorite nephew. Brady.
Beckett : - Okay, where can we find Brady? - In prison.
Castle : "Prison" prison? When did he give you the package?
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Ten years ago, just before they sent him upstate.
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : Brady came over, handed me the package,
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : and then he said, "Mema, take good care of this package.