Beckett : Was the reunion the first time that you two met?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Actually, I believe I met Olivia at a cocktail party a few weeks before that.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Was it MoMA? I don't recall.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Anyway, I took a shine to her.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Charming. Ambitious.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Rough around the edges, but I felt I could mentor her.
Castle : - And by mentor, you mean... - What are you suggesting?
Beckett : Your nephew Trent said that he saw her hitting on you the whole night.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Well, that's Trent for you.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : He's always been very protective of the family.
Beckett : Where were you between 10 : 00 p.m. And 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : On the night she was murdered?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Are you seriously asking me, Winston Wellesley, for an alibi?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Oh. Apparently, you are.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Fine. I was home.
Beckett : - Can anyone corroborate that? - Yes. God.
Bartender : Mr. Wellesley, your car is ready.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : As delightful as this conversation has been, I must take my leave.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I have to meet my brother at his campaign headquarters.
Castle : Ah, yes. Blake Wellesley, running for Senate again.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : And we'd appreciate your support. Don't forget to vote.
Castle : I have no doubt he was having an affair with Olivia. But why would he kill her?
Beckett : Do you think maybe he was upset that she came with someone else?
Castle : Mmm. Jealousy. Money. Murder. Does it get any better than this?
Sara : You want to exhume my niece's body?
Beckett : We believe that there was evidence overlooked during the autopsy
Beckett : that could lead to her killer.
Sara : Well, you told me you caught the man. You told me it was over.
Montgomery : I thought it was.
Montgomery : But whoever killed Olivia just murdered two more people.
Montgomery : Your niece deserves justice, and so do they.
Sara : She was such a special girl.
Sara : She quit school to take care of her mother when the cancer got bad.
Castle : That says a lot about her.
Sara : After her mother passed, it was like she had to get away.
Sara : When she moved to the city I was just so happy for her.
Sara : But then...
Sara : - You'll bury her back the way she was? - Of course.
Sara : At least she had the funeral she deserved.
Sara : Thank God for Mr. Wellesley.
Beckett : - Mr. Wellesley? - The man who paid for everything.
Castle : Which Mr. Wellesley was that?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Winston Wellesley.
Castle : Paid for her funeral?
Castle : - Can anyone say "guilty conscience"? - Yeah.
Beckett : Hey, Esposito, run down Winston Wellesley's alibi.
Beckett : Talk to doormen, chauffeurs, the whole gamut.
Esposito : - I'll see what I can do. Thank you.
Ryan : Prison duty roster. How'd you pull it off, sir?
Montgomery : They didn't make me captain just because I look good behind a desk.
Montgomery : Run all the guards on that roster. Look for anything out of the ordinary.
Beckett : Sir, I'm gonna call the cemetery to make arrangements
Beckett : - to exhume the body tomorrow. - You know what I don't get?
Montgomery : Whoever is behind this, why'd he stop paying Brady?
Montgomery : These Wellesleys have plenty of money. If the money hadn't stopped,
Montgomery : Brady never would have set off this triggering domino that started all this.
Castle : Let me let you in on a little secret.
Castle : You know how rich people stay rich? They are cheap.
Castle : Why pay for Brady for the rest of his life,
Castle : when you can kill him for a fraction of the price?
UNK: But then why would he wait 10 years?
Montgomery : Something changed. Something must have happened.
Esposito : - Yeah. Captain Montgomery?
Castle : Blake Wellesley.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Hate to bother you, but do you have a minute to chat?
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I speak for the entire Wellesley family
UNK: Blake Wellesley : when I say you can expect our full cooperation in this investigation.
UNK: But?
Castle : You can tell, there's a "but" coming.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Not a "but," a "however."
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Like I said, we'll cooperate, however,
UNK: Blake Wellesley : we request that these unannounced interviews come to a stop.
Beckett : - Here we go. - Beckett, let's hear him out.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I apologize if I'm coming off like one of those guys, Detective.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : It's just that these impromptu visits are a bit awkward.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : My nephew Trent said you spoke to him when he visited my mother.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Mother became very confused, very upset.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I'm sure there's a better way to facilitate this.
Beckett : Like what?
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Well, I propose that all further interviews be coordinated by me
UNK: Blake Wellesley : and conducted at my offices.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : What do you think?
Montgomery : Thank you for your offer, Mr. Wellesley. It's very nice of you.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Not at all. I'll give you my number.
Montgomery : Hold on. I, too, have a "however."
Montgomery : Thank you for your offer, however,
Montgomery : my detectives will conduct their investigation in any manner they see fit.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Captain, I can get the commissioner on the phone in under a minute.
Montgomery : Well, tell him I said hi and I really could use a raise.
Montgomery : I think we're done here.
Castle : That was awesome.
Montgomery : Whatever you guys are doing, keep doing it.
Montgomery : They're circling the wagons.
UNK: Awesome!
Martha : Ignore, accept, ignore...
Martha : Accept, ignore...
Castle : Oh, Mother, come on! Accept the man's friend request, already.
Martha : Using that old photo was a horrible idea.
Martha : Why didn't you stop me?
Castle : Since when have I had the power to stop you from doing anything?
Martha : What will Chet think if he expects 1980s Martha,
UNK: and present-day Martha shows up?
Castle : You tell anyone I said this, and I'll deny it.