UNK: "Don't tell anyone about it. And never, ever open it."
Castle : Then why all of a sudden would you messenger it?
UNK: Brady called about 7 : 30 this morning
UNK: and asked me to send it right away to the man it was addressed to.
UNK: The man who arrested him 10 years ago,
UNK: Detective Roy Montgomery.
Beckett : It's Captain Roy Montgomery now.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Sally Niedermeyer : - You know him. - Yeah, he's our boss.
Montgomery : - The package was coming to me? Yeah.
Montgomery : - What's his name again? - Brady Thompson.
Beckett : It was back when you were a detective with the 6-4.
Montgomery : Oh, yeah, it's ringing some bells.
Montgomery : But why would he send me a 10-year-old package?
Beckett : Esposito's on the phone with Corrections.
Beckett : He's trying to get an interview.
Castle : Do you recall anything at all about him?
Montgomery : He killed a lady. A push-in robbery gone bad.
Montgomery : Open and shut case. I think we even got a confession out of him.
Beckett : The aunt said that he was pretty insistent
Beckett : about getting the package directly to you.
Beckett : - Do you know why that would be? - You would have to ask him.
Esposito : - Got shanked in prison this morning. - This morning? That's no coincidence.
Montgomery : Have Records pull everything from the old case.
Montgomery : If memory serves, Brady was married when he went away.
Montgomery : See if the wife is still the wife and if she knows anything.
Montgomery : Beckett, call the warden.
Montgomery : I want to see what they know about Brady's murder.
Montgomery : And I need copies of all his phone calls.
Beckett : I want to know exactly what he said to Aunt Sally
Montgomery : - and anyone else, for that matter. - Okay.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett? Paisley Shimansky's here to see you.
Beckett : It's the bike messenger's sister. Excuse me.
Castle : How does she do that?
Montgomery : Better than anyone I know.
Beckett : You okay?
Montgomery : Her brother died trying to get something to me.
Montgomery : No, I'm not okay.
Beckett : The prison sent over the last two phone calls Brady made.
Montgomery : Nothing about what was in the package.
UNK: At 7 : 23 he makes this phone call to his wife.
Beckett : Brady was killed 45 minutes after those two phone calls.
UNK: Yeah, but we don't have a why or a who.
Castle : Or a how it's related to your mystery package.
Montgomery : Warden have any suspects?
Beckett : A whole prison yard full. He was shanked in the yard.
Beckett : There were no witnesses.
Beckett : Warden's less than optimistic about catching the killer.
Montgomery : - Brady have any beefs? - Apparently, he was the model prisoner.
Montgomery : Then it must've been a hit ordered from the outside.
Castle : By the same guy who killed our messenger.
Montgomery : Any luck on tracking down Brady's wife?
Esposito : Big fat zippo. But they left the apartment in a hurry.
Esposito : I pinged the cell phones, tracked the credit cards.
Esposito : - She's off the grid. - Maybe not completely.
Ryan : I just got off the phone with the son's school.
Ryan : According to the principal, Brady's kid misses class
Ryan : every Tuesday because he's got some kind of respiratory condition.
Montgomery : Tomorrow's Tuesday. You get the doctor's name?
UNK: Let's set up on the office in the morning. We might get lucky.
Castle : What you doing, Mother? Working on your play?
Martha : Oh, I wish. I've been bombarded with friend requests.