Martha : It's like a part-time job.
Martha : And these exchanges are just ridiculous.
Martha : Dot Ellison, who I have absolutely no desire to reconnect with,
Martha : has just wasted 20 minutes of my life
Martha : recounting the bravery of her cat passing a kidney stone.
Castle : Well, it could have been worse. She could have sent you a video.
Martha : Joining up with this fad was a terrible mistake.
Martha : Nothing good comes from the Internet.
Castle : - Oh, you just got another friend request. - OMG! Chet Palaburn!
Castle : Who's Chet Palaburn?
Martha : Star athlete, class president, homecoming king.
Martha : My high school sweetheart. And my first!
Castle : I really didn't need to know that last part.
Martha : Oh, oh, he sent a message with his request.
UNK: "Martha, you haven't changed a bit."
Martha : Oh, Chet Palaburn! Can you believe it? And did you see that message?
Castle : You do know that Chet's comments are based on a 20-year-old photo.
Martha : Oh. Oh.
UNK: Well, should I accept his friend request?
Martha : I mean, the last time I laid eyes on him, I was 18.
Martha : And now he sees this photo. And now this, and...
Martha : What do I do?
Castle : - It's your call. - My call.
Castle : There's always Dot and her kitty cat's medical mysteries.
Castle : Everything okay?
Esposito : Another dead end in the messenger case.
Esposito : Uniforms located the stolen car that ran him down,
Esposito : but CSU got bupkis. No prints, no hairs.
Castle : It's sounding more and more like a professional hit.
Esposito : - Yeah. - What about surveillance?
Castle : Any cameras around where the car was dumped?
Esposito : No, our masked man knew what he was doing.
Esposito : Well, at least our tip on the doctor paid off.
Esposito : Prison vic's wife came in with her son first thing this morning.
UNK: Captain and Beckett are interviewing her now.
Castle : - I'm gonna go. - I wouldn't...
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Do you have any idea who killed him?
Beckett : We're working on it. Ms. Thompson, do you know anything about a package
Beckett : that your husband asked his Aunt Sally to send out for him yesterday?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Yeah. It was his insurance policy. He gave it to her when he went away.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Insurance policy?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : It was proof he didn't kill the woman he went to jail for murdering.
Montgomery : - But he confessed. - Well, he might have confessed,
UNK: Valerie Thompson : but he didn't do it.
Montgomery : With all due respect, Mrs. Thompson, half the men in prison
Montgomery : will swear up and down they didn't do it.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Do those men's wives get a package in the mail every month
UNK: with $ 7,000 cash in it?
Castle : Uh, your husband confessed to a murder he didn't commit for money?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : I know this will sound crazy, but we didn't know what else to do.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Jared was born with a rare respiratory disease,
UNK: Valerie Thompson : and we didn't have the money or the insurance
UNK: Valerie Thompson : to get him the therapy he needed.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : If Brady hadn't done what he did, Jared wouldn't even be alive right now.
Montgomery : Did Brady ever tell you who actually committed the murder
Montgomery : he went away for?
UNK: No. I don't even know if he knew who it was.
UNK: Over 10 years, you never asked who his contact was,
Montgomery : who approached him, who was paying you?
Montgomery : You just conveniently never bothered to ask?
UNK: Valerie Thompson : I asked!
UNK: Valerie Thompson : But Brady felt that the less I knew, the safer I would be.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Even the packages didn't have a return address.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : Look, Captain, my husband was just killed.
UNK: Valerie Thompson : I'm telling you all I know.
Beckett : Okay, so what we know so far is that about four months ago
Beckett : the payments to Brady started arriving late,
Beckett : short and then, finally, not at all.
Beckett : And according to the wife, that's when Brady decided
Beckett : to messenger over his insurance policy.
Beckett : That was supposed to prove his innocence.
Esposito : Our patsy, Brady, had to be in communication
Esposito : with whoever was making payments.
Ryan : Prison should have a record of everyone Brady talked to.
Montgomery : We already checked his phone logs. There's nothing there.
Esposito : How about e-mail?
Montgomery : We're running it down.
Castle : Well, whatever Brady said, it worked. Payments started up again.
Castle : Then, a month ago, nothing.
Ryan : You think maybe Brady got fed up with the situation?
Ryan : Figured if whoever he made the deal with
Ryan : wasn't holding up their end of the bargain, why was he?
Beckett : Then he calls up his Aunt Sally, asks her to send the evidence
Beckett : that proves his innocence to the arresting officer.
Castle : Is it possible someone was monitoring his calls?
Castle : I mean, whoever killed our bike messenger
Castle : had to have been tipped off the package was in motion.
Montgomery : The only people that monitor calls are prison staff.
UNK: $ 7,000 a month for 10 years is almost a million, total.
Esposito : Whoever we're dealing with obviously has the means
Esposito : - to buy somebody off. - Get the duty roster from the prison.
Montgomery : See who was working when Brady made his calls.
Montgomery : Set up a protection detail for the wife and the kid.
Beckett : It's already done, sir.