Beckett : Captain, you had the confessions, the evidence.
Beckett : Anyone would have come to the same conclusion.
Montgomery : I didn't push hard enough. I knew this case was off.
Montgomery : Everything just fell into place so perfectly.
Montgomery : Now what have we got?
Montgomery : An innocent bystander with no connection to the killer.
Montgomery : And without physical evidence,
Montgomery : there's no way of tracking who was driving that car.
Montgomery : And catching a break on a prison murder? That's a long shot.
Montgomery : Especially if you're dealing with a corrupt guard.
Beckett : Okay, but we still have the original murder from 10 years ago.
Beckett : Everything started there.
UNK: Two fresh bodies, and you wanna look at a murder 10 years cold?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : When I'm writing a story, the beginning is always the hardest.
Castle : But if you nail that, the rest of it can just fall into place.
Montgomery : - Castle, this is not one of your books. - No, but it is a mystery.
Castle : And all mysteries are the same.
Castle : Motive, opportunity, cover-up, conscience.
Castle : These murders today were to cover up one 10 years ago.
Castle : That's where your leads are gonna be. Come on, Captain, what do you say?
Castle : Let's take a little trip down memory lane.
Beckett : Olivia Debiasse, 20 years old.
Beckett : Neighbors found her bludgeoned to death in her apartment.
Castle : Hmm, there were some things missing from her apartment.
Castle : Whoever killed her tried to make it look like a robbery gone wrong.
Montgomery : There should be something in there about a handyman
Montgomery : that we looked at for it.
Montgomery : You know, he had a criminal record, he worked in the building.
Castle : If it was him, I'm in the wrong line of work.
UNK: $ 7,000 a month for a handyman?
Montgomery : We moved off him once we moved on Brady.
Montgomery : An anonymous tip came in. It felt like a break at the time.
Montgomery : Brought him in, leaned on him for, what,
Montgomery : maybe a half hour before he broke.
UNK: You know, it's funny. I never actually even looked at some of these reports,
Montgomery : because once the canvassing detectives turned them in,
Montgomery : we already had Brady in custody.
Beckett : Well, it says here that Olivia went to a party earlier the night she was killed.
Montgomery : - Says here the Pierson Club. - Pierson Club?
Castle : My money goes in banks, their money buys banks.
Beckett : Sir, listen to this.
Beckett : A waitress gave a statement saying that she saw Olivia
Beckett : having a heated argument with a man at the party.
Castle : The plot thickens. Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : There's no name, but according to the description she gave,
Beckett : he was in his mid-20s, medium build,
Beckett : wearing a blue blazer and an orange-striped tie.
Castle : Ooh, I don't know about you guys,
Castle : but I am getting a delicious millionaire playboy vibe here.
Beckett : The waitress was under the impression that he arrived with Olivia.
Montgomery : Olivia's best friend was a gal that she worked with.
Montgomery : Maybe she could tell us who Olivia hung out with.
Ryan : Perlmutter just finished reviewing Olivia's autopsy report
Ryan : from back in the day. He says he found something.
Montgomery : You guys take the morgue. I'll follow up on Olivia's friend.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Perlmutter : I've gone through Ms. Debiasse's files and her autopsy was fairly limited.
Perlmutter : I assume when Brady confessed, the ME decided not to be thorough.
Beckett : - Did he miss something? - It's hard to say.
Castle : What does your gut tell you?
Perlmutter : My gut tells me I'm hungry, but I'm not gonna be able to eat
Perlmutter : until I'm done with the two of you.
Perlmutter : So why don't I just tell you what my keen ME training tells me?
UNK: All right, Brady said he hit Olivia with a baseball bat. But look at these.
Perlmutter : When I look at these wounds and the skull fracture pattern,
Perlmutter : I'm just not seeing a baseball bat strike.
Beckett : Brady lied about killing her,
Beckett : he might have lied about what was used to do it.
Beckett : Can you determine how she was killed?
Perlmutter : I'd only be speculating. To do it properly,
Perlmutter : I'd have to X-ray the skull and examine the remains.
Castle : - You want to exhume the body? - The only way to do it right.
Perlmutter : Plus, who knows what else I might find?
Beckett : Olivia was raised by a single mom who's deceased as well,
Beckett : so let me call the next of kin and see what I can do.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Excuse me. Beckett.
Castle : You sure it's sanitary to be eating here?
Perlmutter : You know the strength of the disinfectants we use here?
Perlmutter : This is the cleanest room in the city.
Castle : - I couldn't. - Homemade.
Castle : I couldn't.
Beckett : Caught a break. Captain talked to the friend.
Castle : Does she remember who Olivia was with?
Beckett : Jeff Dilahunt, who's had his fair share of run-ins with the law.
Beckett : And he has a trust fund worth millions.
Castle : Enough to pay $ 7,000 a month.
Beckett : - Bingo. - Boo-yah.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Uh, I met Olivia at a nightclub.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : She hadn't been in town long, but she seemed like a real party girl.
Beckett : - Were the two of you dating? - Uh, no, just friends.
UNK: What? Can't a guy and a girl just be friends?
Castle : - Please. - Are you two together?
Castle : - Not yet. - Absolutely not.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Look, it was, uh, no big deal.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : I happened to mention that a school friend of mine
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : was having a family reunion here at the Pierson Club
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : and asked me to stop by.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Olivia really wanted to come, so I took her.
Castle : Who would want to go to someone else's family reunion?
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Well, I suppose that all depends on the family.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : In this case, it happened to be the Wellesleys.
UNK: The "Wellesleys" Wellesleys? The rich and powerful Wellesleys?
Beckett : The conservative New York Wellesleys?
Beckett : - Wasn't that one of our senators? - Yeah, he was.
Castle : Senator Casper Wellesley. He died early '90s.
Castle : His kid's running for his seat again this year.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Well, I'll tell you what. Next time I'm invited, I'll take you.
Beckett : Mr. Dilahunt, where were you between 10 : 00 p.m. And 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : The night that she was killed?
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : Okay, well, a couple of, uh, Wellesley cousins
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : and I bailed early and went clubbing.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : I believe there may have been Bolivian Marching Powder involved.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : We got picked up for public intoxication.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : My father got the charges dropped, but there's still a record of our arrest.
UNK: Jeff Dilahunt : If you can't find it, I have a framed copy at home.