Beckett : "Casper Wellesley, Senate '78."
Castle : Olivia's mother worked on the campaign.
Castle : All roads lead to Wellesley.
Beckett : Are you looking at porn? - I use Ryan's computer for that.
Castle : I've been searching a periodical database. Look what I found.
Castle : In this article, it talks about how during his 1978 Senate run,
Castle : Casper had his sons, Blake and Winston,
Castle : heading up his campaign headquarters in Ithaca.
Beckett : Where Olivia's mom worked.
Beckett : She and Winston had to have crossed paths.
Castle : Exactly. Now why would Winston keep that from us?
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : We ran all the guard's names off that duty roster
Esposito : you got us from Brady's prison. He's the only one that red-flagged.
Ryan : Name's Patterson.
Ryan : Made a deposit last month for $5,000 cash.
Ryan : Then the day Brady was killed, he makes another deposit in cash.
UNK: - This time for $ 10,000. - Lf there's anything I hate,
Montgomery : - it's a dirtbag in uniform. Mmm-hmm.
Montgomery : So where you guys at with Winston Wellesley's alibi?
Ryan : - We have a few leads. - Keep pushing on that. I'll push on this.
Beckett : Mr. Wellesley, we are going to find out the truth.
Beckett : And the amount of dust that we kick up doing that is entirely up to you.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I do seem to recall making her acquaintance.
Beckett : You're telling us half-truths again.
Beckett : We already know that you paid for Olivia's funeral.
Beckett : We know that you knew her mom. Either you start telling me the truth,
Beckett : or you're gonna spend the last few weeks of your brother's campaign
Beckett : issuing denials after I release what I know to the press.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Fine. I knew her mother.
Sara : After her mother passed, Olivia set about to unravel
UNK: Winston Wellesley : the mystery of her origins. Olivia was clever.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : She put together the clues, found out her father was a Wellesley.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : - A Wellesley. - And...
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Actually, truth is, I'm Olivia's father.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I know. I had the same look on my face when Olivia told me 10 years ago.
Castle : - And Olivia's mother didn't tell you? - Mmm-mmm. Didn't tell Olivia, either.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I was just on the verge of telling everyone when she...
UNK: Winston Wellesley : She was tragically killed.
Beckett : It is a tragedy when a father kills his daughter, isn't it?
UNK: What?
Beckett : What do you know about Olivia's missing body?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Nothing! That's obscene! Who would do something like that?
Castle : You. So no one would ever find out the truth of who she really was.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : I didn't kill her and I certainly didn't hide her body.
UNK: Yet, 10 years after her death, you're still trying to hide her existence.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Well, you have to understand, I have a family to protect.
Castle : Olivia was family.
Castle : Winston Wellesley, you did it.
Beckett : He might have, but we don't have the evidence to prove it.
Esposito : That's because he didn't. We were able to verify Winston's alibi.
UNK: - He was really home alone? - Oh, he was home, but he wasn't alone.
Ryan : Winston had some romantic company that night.
Beckett : Well, then if he had an alibi, why didn't he just say so from the start?
Esposito : Maybe because of who his romantic company was.
Ryan : Stanley Jenkins.
Castle : Is Stanley a unisex name now, or is Winston...
Ryan : - Gay? Uh, yeah, he's gay. - He lied to us. Who is he protecting?
Castle : Well, he said it himself.
UNK: Family.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : You have to understand that this young woman, Olivia, I hardly knew her.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Maybe I shook her hand at the party, but that's all.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : And now you're telling me
UNK: Blake Wellesley : her mother and I worked at the same campaign 30 years ago?
Beckett : You and your brother were in Ithaca July and August of '78.
Beckett : Olivia was born May '79. That's nine months later.
UNK: Your brother claimed paternity, but I think we all know that's highly unlikely.
UNK: Winston, what the hell is going on here?
UNK: Blake, it's time to get the lawyers involved.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : What did you know about this, Winston?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : This is not the time or the place.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I never saw Edna after that summer. She never told me anything.
Beckett : So, you admit to sleeping with her?
UNK: Blake Wellesley : She must have not wanted to rock the boat,
UNK: Blake Wellesley : hurt my father's campaign with a scandal involving his son.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Blake, you've said enough.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I just found out I had a daughter I never knew about.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : A daughter who was murdered and whose killer apparently is still at large.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : Why did you tell the police you were her father? Why?
Castle : Actually the question is, why did he tell Olivia that 10 years ago?
UNK: Winston Wellesley : You have to understand, Blake, this was during the first Senate run.
UNK: Winston Wellesley : Scandal would have killed the campaign.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : I lost the damn election anyway.
UNK: Blake Wellesley : You had no right to make that decision without me!