Castle : Turnabout is fair play, Mother.
Martha : Chet Palaburn. What are you thinking, man?
UNK: All right. Winston didn't spare any pennies with this box of wood.
Castle : This is the Bentley of caskets.
Beckett : - Shopping ahead? - Research.
Castle : buried in a coffin a year before the murder occurs.
Castle : Of course, who am I talking to? You know this.
Perlmutter : Back in the non-fiction section,
Perlmutter : we have a real casket that's been sealed for 10 years,
Perlmutter : so there's gonna be some serious decomposition.
Perlmutter : When I crack this open, expect the foulest of foul stenches.
Alexis : - Set? - Okay.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Is the body missing or did you just pull off an awesome magic trick?
Castle : You are amazing, sir!
Perlmutter : Nope. No prints. Thank you very much.
Perlmutter : Whoever removed Olivia's remains was careful.
UNK: Goodbye.
Castle : How do these people manage to stay one step ahead of us?
Beckett : Olivia's aunt said it was an open-casket funeral.
Beckett : So her body must have been in here at one point.
Castle : The mortuary company must have switched out the bodies
Castle : between the funeral and the burial.
UNK: Yeah, but the company's out of business,
Beckett : so there's no way of finding out.
Castle : Winston had to have paid to get rid of the body,
Castle : just in case Brady ever wanted to come clean with the police.
Beckett : Mmm-hmm. Looks like it.
Castle : This guy's got contingency plans for his contingency plans.
Castle : Feels like we're battling a super villain!
UNK: Hey! Excuse me, dynamic duo.
Perlmutter : What am I doing with this?
Castle : Well, it depends. What can you get for a secondhand casket these days?
Beckett : I'll call Olivia's family and find out what they wanna do.
Castle : Seriously, though, I wonder what you could get for a slightly-used coffin.
Castle : That thing is top of the line.
Castle : - Did you check the drawer? - What drawer?
Castle : High-end coffins often have a small drawer hidden somewhere in the lid.
Castle : That way, families can place mementos in there
Castle : or psychotic killers can hide evidence.
Beckett : Thank you. Sorry.
UNK: Nothing suspicious, it's just a bunch of family photographs.
Castle : - What does that button say? - Looks like a political button.
Castle : Was Edna Debiasse Olivia's mother?
Castle : - Let me borrow your magnifying glass. - I don't have a magnifying glass.
Castle : Isn't that standard issue for detectives?
Beckett : No. Not since Sherlock Holmes.
Perlmutter : - We can use mine. - Of course.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.