Phoebe : How could you be beeping? I just disconnected you!
Phoebe : I took out your battery! How can...? Don't interrupt me!
Ross : Rachel! Monica!
Chandler : Come on!
UNK: I can't believe this!
UNK: All right, well, I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
UNK: Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice.
Ross : Help us! Please help us!
UNK: We're stuck up on the roof, and we can't get down!
UNK: Ross.
UNK: I was thinking we'd just go down the fire escape.
UNK: I know. I wasn't finished.
UNK: But don't worry!
UNK: We're gonna go down the fire escape!
UNK: I'm sorry, I thought I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Monica : With a wok?
UNK: Thought you were gonna read my book to put you to sleep?
Chandler : It got interesting.
Chandler : Damn you, Oprah!
Monica : Here, let me make the milk. I'm up anyway.
UNK: You know what we could do now that we're up?
UNK: We could just talk to each other all night long.
Chandler : Like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun.
UNK: - Okay, that does sound fun. - Yeah.
Chandler : So how bummed were you when the second sister died, huh?
Monica : The second sister dies?!
UNK: No.
UNK: No, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Monica : The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
UNK: That's correct.
UNK: Want to go in the bedroom? It's a little more comfortable.
Tag : - Sure. - Okay.
UNK: Oh, wait, did you send those contracts to Milan?
Tag : If this is your idea of sexy talk...
Rachel : Did you overnight the contracts I gave you?
Tag : What contracts?
UNK: Please tell me this is just one of your jokes that I don't get.
Tag : Like what?
Rachel : Like the thing when you put the phone in your pants?
UNK: Tag, I'm serious. This isn't funny.
UNK: Those contracts had to go out today.
UNK: You didn't give me any contracts.
UNK: Yes, I did. I put a little Post-it on it that said :
UNK: "Must go out today," and I underlined "today" three times.
Rachel : Then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't wanna seem too bossy.
Tag : You never gave them to me.
UNK: If we went to the office, you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
Tag : No, I'd see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk.
UNK: Maybe I'd look embarrassed because you're talking on the phone with your crotch.
UNK: You want to go to the office now?
Rachel : Come on, it's late. We're not going down to the office.
UNK: Yeah, I understand. I wouldn't want to be proved wrong either.
UNK: All right, get your coat!
Rachel : Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!