Castle : But I'll tell you this, like it or not,
Castle : I'm your plucky sidekick.
Beckett : Plucky sidekick always gets killed.
Castle : Partner, then.
UNK: Okay. What'd you find?
Castle : You remember what Raglan said back at the coffee shop
UNK: - about this thing going back 19 years? - Uh-huh.
Castle : Turns out, before your mother,
Castle : there was another murder in this alley
Castle : back when it was the back entrance to a club called Sons of Palermo.
UNK: It was a mafia hangout.
Beckett : I didn't know this was a club.
Castle : It got shut down years before your mom was killed.
Castle : After an FBI agent by the name of Bob Armen
Castle : was killed in the alley behind it.
Montgomery : It says
UNK: Armen was working undercover inside the mafia.
UNK: Somehow, the mob got on to Armen and used the old family remedy.
Beckett : Summary execution.
UNK: The NYPD arrested a mob enforcer in Armen's murder.
Ca : A guy by the name of Joe Pulgatti.
UNK: He later pled guilty.
Ca : And guess who the arresting officer was.
Beckett : Officer John Raglan.
Castle : Your mother was a civil rights attorney.
UNK: Did she ever mention Armen's murder or Pulgatti's conviction?
UNK: No, but there's got to be a connection somewhere.
Castle : I bet Pulgatti could shed some light on it.
UNK: Then why'd you plead guilty?
Pulgatti : 'Cause I don't like needles.
Beckett : Detective Raglan places you
Castle : in the alley at the time of the murder.
Pulgatti : Yeah, I was in that alley with Bobby.
Pulgatti : I was the only witness to his murder. But it wasn't a hit.
Pulgatti : It was a kidnapping that went sideways.
Pulgatti : Three guys in ski masks rolled up in a van.
Pulgatti : Said they wanted to take me on a tour of the city.
Pulgatti : Bobby tried to stop them.
UNK: He went for one of their guns and wound up on the wrong end of it.
UNK: Were the guys from a rival family?
Pulgatti : No. No way.
Pulgatti : We had a truce going back then,
Pulgatti : because there was this ghost crew out there,
Pulgatti : professional kidnappers targeting members of all five families.
Pulgatti : Look, I was in that alley with Bobby.
UNK: But no one else could've known that.
Pulgatti : It was a blind alley.
Pulgatti : And the only other people in it when Bobby was shot
Pulgatti : were the people who shot him.