UNK: You know, I sometimes forget that you live with this every day.
Castle : Josh know about this?
UNK: No.
Castle : When did you start?
UNK: Through the summer. When you were in the Hamptons.
Castle : And how far have you gotten?
UNK: Well, aside from my mom, there was also Diane Cavanaugh,
Beckett : Jennifer Stewart.
Beckett : They volunteered for her from time to time for the Justice Initiative.
Beckett : And the fourth victim was Scott Murray.
Beckett : He was a document clerk at the courthouse.
Beckett : You know, Castle, up until today,
UNK: I'd always run this on the theory that they got killed
Beckett : because of a legal case that they were working on.
UNK: My mom requested a court file just before she was murdered.
Beckett : And that file went missing.
UNK: Well, your mom must have had personal papers.
Castle : Appointment book?
Castle : Something that could tell you what she was working on before she died.
Beckett : I went through all of that nine years ago. There's nothing.
UNK: Yeah, but a lot's happened since then.
Castle : Maybe you missed something.
UNK: So the guy who touched my arm was a murderer?
UNK: Figures. Why do I attract all the creeps?
UNK: Arm Print Woman : I dated this one guy Craig for, like, two months
UNK: Arm Print Woman : and I thought, like, he was the one.
UNK: Arm Print Woman : And I called him up one night,
UNK: Arm Print Woman : and his roommate answered the phone and told me that Craig had died
UNK: Arm Print Woman : and I was, like, devastated.
UNK: And me and the roommate,
UNK: we scattered his ashes throughout Central Park, the whole thing.
UNK: Arm Print Woman : And I worked through the stages of grief with my life coach
UNK: Arm Print Woman : and a lot of random guys,
UNK: Arm Print Woman : and I was getting into acceptance when I ran into Craig at a bar.
UNK: Arm Print Woman : He had faked his own death!
Ryan : - Unbelievable. I know, right?
UNK: Arm Print Woman : All he had to do was say he didn't want us to date anymore.
UNK: I mean, it's not like I'm some psycho.
UNK: Tech Guy : - Looks like we got a lift. - Thank you.
UNK: Arm Print Woman : Well, good thing I slept in late, huh?
Beckett : There's nothing in her appointment book.
UNK: Not that I can make any sense of, anyway.
UNK: She had her own system and my dad and I could never figure it out.