Monica : - Is that a picture? - Yeah.
Erica : It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week.
Erica : I thought you might want to see it.
Monica : Look, doctor.
UNK: Look, before we sign anything, we really have to talk.
UNK: We're not who you think we are.
UNK: Agency Guy : - I don't understand. - The agency must have made a mistake.
Chandler : My wife is not a reverend, and I'm not a doctor.
Phoebe : - What? - That's impossible.
Chandler : I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like.
UNK: I have to check your file. Excuse me.
Erica : So who are you?
Chandler : Our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
Monica : Yeah, but the important thing to know about us...
Monica : ...is how much we would care for this little baby.
Erica : So you lied to me before?
UNK: Well, we "bore false witness. "
Monica : See? I could be a reverend.
Erica : I can't believe this.
Monica : But we were hoping that since we told you the truth...
Monica : - ... that you still might consider- - Giving you my baby?
Erica : You think I'd give you my child after this?
UNK: You don't have to decide now. If you look at our file-
Erica : I don't want to look at your file. This is over.
Chandler : Erica, wait.
UNK: I have nothing to say to you.
UNK: Look, you have every reason to be upset.
Chandler : We did lie.
Chandler : But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long.
UNK: And we don't know how long it's gonna be before we get another chance.
Erica : Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it?
UNK: Agency Guy : Erica, please.
Chandler : Just consider us. Ask them to see our file.
Chandler : Our last name's Bing.
Chandler : My wife's a chef, and I'm in advertising.
Rachel : Oh, yeah.
Erica : I actually liked you guys.
Erica : But it doesn't matter. What you did was wrong.
Chandler : But you did like us.
Chandler : And you should.
Chandler : My wife's an incredible woman.
UNK: She is loving, and devoted and caring.
Chandler : And don't tell her I said this, but the woman's always right.
Chandler : I love my wife more than anything in this world.
Monica : And it...
Chandler : It kills me that I can't give her a baby.
Chandler : I really want a kid.
Chandler : And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad.
Chandler : But my wife...
Chandler : ...she's already there.
Chandler : She's a mother...
Chandler : ...without a baby.
UNK: Please?
Chandler : You still want that baby?
Monica : God bless you, Chandler Bing!
Ross : Turns out this sweater is made for a woman.
Joey : So why are you still wearing it?
Ross : Because it's soft.
Ross : Hey, so how was your date?
Joey : Not so good.
Ross : Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh, buddy?
Joey : Yeah. And you know what? We could do a lot worse.
Chandler : - Yeah. - Yeah.
Joey : Joey doesn't share food!