House : it was because you were too in love with your career.
House : We're almost at my floor, so I'll summarize. Your problem, not mine.
Cuddy : You cut up my only copy of that photo.
House : That rare daguerreotype?
House : You can charge me for the effort it takes
House : to search your hard drive for a new copy.
Cuddy : Not the one of me and Lucas, the one from Ecuador.
UNK: Right, I'd forgotten about your deep emotional attachment to lemurs.
Cuddy : To my dad.
House : You got his tail.
Cuddy : He was holding the camera. That was the last trip we ever took together.
Cuddy : And I don't have a digital copy.
House : Well, I could stand here all day apologizing,
House : but I'd rather expiate my sins with good, clean work.
House : You ignoring my texts?
Wilson : The crazy ones you sent, trying to get me to make you feel better
Wilson : about destroying your classmate's life? No, I never got those.
House : Wibberly's got some agenda.
House : Probably trying to guilt me into getting him a better job.
Wilson : How pissed was he? Not at all.
House : That's how I know he's got an agenda.
Wilson : If you feel guilty, you should do something to help.
Wilson : You are responsible.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: What? All I'm responsible for
House : is the foreseeable consequences of switching papers.
House : A bad grade or a sleepless night. Worst case, a retest.
House : There was no way to know that one seminar paper
House : was gonna destroy this idiot's life.
Wilson : If there's any karma in all this,
Wilson : he's probably happier than you are.
UNK: Good point. If he is happier, there's no harm done.
House : I'll go find out.
Wilson : That is absolutely not what I said.
House : Always with the modesty, this one.
Thirteen : You want something to eat?
House : I'm cool.
House : How's work?
House : You happy with it?
Wibberly : You know, it's a job.
Wibberly : I don't need to take any work home with me at least.
House : Free time. Wouldn't have any of that if you were a doctor.
Wibberly : Yeah. True.
Wibberly : You like chili? I could reheat some.
House : Is that your yard? That's nice.
Wibberly : Yeah. That sugar maple, 100, 150 years old.
UNK: The most beautiful leaves in the fall.
UNK: Sit underneath on the bench,
Wibberly : it's like paradise.
House : I don't have a yard, myself.
Russ : You got a good thing going.
Thirteen : I know.
House : So, what are the boxes for?
Wibberly : I'm moving.
House : From paradise?
UNK: Well, with my dad's medical bills,
Wibberly : and me being one of those idiots
Wibberly : that got an adjustable mortgage, so...
House : You're losing your home.
UNK: Hey, could be worse, right?
UNK: How?
Taub : Even if the tests are positive, you don't have to worry.
Bill : You're testing for syphilis, not a cold.
UNK: Honey...
Taub : At this stage, it's probably not communicable.
Bill : You think I'm worried about myself?
Bill : I just want my wife to get better.
Thirteen : She might have caught it at birth,
Thirteen : so it doesn't prove she was cheating.
Thirteen : If you were worried about that.
Bill : Of course not.
Valerie : How many weeks am I gonna have to...
Valerie : You okay?
Bill : Why is she coughing? I don't know.
Bill : You want some water?
Valerie : Are you threatened by me?
House : Not at all.