UNK: Twenty-seven-year-old female, intense intermittent ear pain, saw six doctors...
House : Tell her to stop lurking in the front row.
House : If she wants to hit on musicians,
House : that's what tour buses are for. Next.
Taub : If I ask why we're in Wilson's office,
Taub : is there any chance I'll get a straight answer?
House : Try it, try it.
UNK: Fourteen-year-old boy, joint pain and excess hair growth.
House : Tell him to masturbate no more than three times daily.
House : With meals. Next.
Foreman : Did I mention that the 27-year-old female is really hot?
Foreman : And her husband is really not.
House : Wild guess. He's rich.
Foreman : Not unless social workers have begun pulling in the big money recently.
Valerie : Give me.
Thirteen : You're taking the case because she's hot?
House : No, that would be an accident of genetics.
House : It's because she's hot and her husband is ugly.
UNK: That's a fascinating window into the mysteries of human psychology.
UNK: Also, she's "really" hot.
Thirteen : Or she, you know, loves her husband.
House : She loves something about him.
Chase : Vitamin deficiency. She changed her diet a few months ago.
Foreman : To a healthier diet. Raw foods, lots of nuts.
House : It's not the ear, it's the heart.
UNK: Her protein was cheese, which can raise cholesterol.
House : Hers was already elevated, gave her arterial blockages.
Chase : Cardiac arrhythmia presenting as ear pain. Very rare. Cool.
House : So Beauty and the Beast. Who wants to go see?
UNK: Let's see. Dr. Taub, Foreman, Chase and Hadley.
Taub : Four for four.
Valerie : Wow, I can't believe I get all these doctors.
Valerie : And such good-looking ones, too.
Thirteen : Yeah, it's almost like we don't all need to be here.
Chase : Your case presented a very interesting diagnostic challenge.
UNK: Oh.
Wilson : You can't sleep in your own office?
Wilson : Or bedroom, for that matter?
House : Got to avoid my natural habitat.
House : Some idiot I went to med school with keeps leaving messages,
House : wants to drop by for lunch.
UNK: So tell him "no."
House : It's complicated.
Wilson : It's too complicated for you to tell someone
Wilson : you don't like to screw off?
Wilson : That's practically your hobby.
House : A few months ago, he was sort of part of my therapy.
UNK: My shrink told me write a letter of apology to someone I hurt.
Wilson : And how did you hurt him?
House : We were in a seminar on flatworm genetics.
House : I switched my final paper with his.
Wilson : You plagiarized? Doesn't sound like you.
House : I was testing a theory.
House : I thought that our professor was biased against me.
House : I assumed he'd get a high grade with my paper,
House : and I'd get a low grade with his.
House : Interestingly, I was wrong. I got an A.
Wilson : So you're in this mental hospital,
Wilson : delving into your subconscious,
Wilson : and this is who you choose to apologize to?
House : Yep. Lorenzo Wibberly.
Wilson : Of all the people in the world you've hurt...
House : Not everyone has a name that's so easy to find in the White Pages.
Wilson : I'm in there. And so is Cuddy.
UNK: Yeah. Yet I picked him. It's funny, isn't it?
Wilson : Yes, it's hilarious.
Wilson : Great to see what a success your therapy was.