Bill : Her fingernail's blue?
UNK: Yep.
House : Start her on chelation.
Valerie : What just happened?
Thirteen : You're gonna get better.
Thirteen : Your body has an inability to process copper.
Thirteen : It caused all of your problems.
Thirteen : Even what's wrong with your brain.
UNK: That's going to change, too?
Thirteen : It's probably rewired her neurons permanently by now.
Valerie : But it's possible?
UNK: Maybe.
Thirteen : I have to go get the chelation equipment.
Thirteen : Bill, I need you to sign some forms.
Thirteen : You don't see what she's doing?
Thirteen : She's laying the groundwork to get her treatment,
Thirteen : wake up a completely different person
Thirteen : so that you and all of your money stay with her.
Thirteen : It's a lie.
Valerie : You said there was a chance.
Thirteen : Okay, there's a teeny chance.
Thirteen : But even if it cures her, it's not going to make her love you.
Bill : I was happy before.
Thirteen : I know, and I'm sorry, but it wasn't real.
Bill : It felt real.
Taub : I don't know...
Bill : Maybe that can be enough.
Valerie : You're really doing this for me?
House : Tax shelter.
House : I'll take some of that chili now.
Wibberly : I can't accept this.
House : Fine, forget the chili.
House : Bye, Wibberly.
UNK: I got an A plus with your paper.
Wibberly : I was an orthopedic surgeon for 10 years at New York Mercy.
Wibberly : I had a gambling problem.
Wibberly : I tried to cover it by overbilling some Medicare patients.
Wibberly : Lost my license. That's why I'm here.
Wibberly : Not because of you.
House : Why are you telling me this now?
Wibberly : Because I thought you'd be the same bastard
Norris : you were in med school, but...
House : Keep it.
Wibberly : No. I can get another place.
House : Just take it. I screwed you over.
UNK: You got me an A plus.
House : Take it. No.
House : Do I have to shove it down your throat? Take the damn check!
Thirteen : Your vitals are up.
Valerie : Treatment's working.
Thirteen : I'm not sure we can fix your liver,
Thirteen : but we can definitely list you for a new one.
Bill : When you're better, we're gonna take a long vacation.
UNK: You want to go to Vietnam, one of the beaches?
Bill : We're gonna get a hut, just you and me, nothing to worry about.
Valerie : You're pathetic.
UNK: What?
Valerie : I mean, when you had a suspicion, fine, but you know now.
Valerie : How can you be this pitiful?
Bill : You don't mean this. You're sick.
Valerie : I'm not sick.
Valerie : I almost died, and I still might.
Valerie : And who knows, maybe it's focusing my mind
Valerie : because the idea of spending the rest of my life with you...
UNK: Valerie...
UNK: Why'd you do that?
Valerie : Because he's pathetic.
Thirteen : He hasn't changed.
Thirteen : But you have. The treatment actually worked on your brain.
Thirteen : If you were still a psychopath,
UNK: you would have just kept draining him dry.
Valerie : What do you want?
Thirteen : You're feeling something.
Thirteen : What is it? What do you feel?
Taub : I don't know.
Valerie : It hurts.
House : It will.
Foreman : Heard about the diagnosis. Nice job.
Thirteen : Thanks. Why are you here so late?
Foreman : Discharge summary. Taub's handwriting isn't helping much.
Foreman : Apparently on the third day of admission,
Foreman : the patient underwent "rabbit thumping."
UNK: "Radiotherapy."
UNK: Ah.
UNK: "Third day after admission,
UNK: "patient underwent radiotherapy
UNK: "including external beam radiation
UNK: "to treat B-cell lymphomas.
UNK: "First treatment was
UNK: "full-mantle therapy..."