Valerie : Well, you should be.
Valerie : You let him know what I told you,
Valerie : I will not only have your license pulled,
Valerie : I will sue you for everything I lose in the divorce.
Valerie : So the fun you get out of making those snotty little comments,
UNK: is it worth $90 million?
Valerie : Oh, wait. Will you hold that look?
Valerie : I'm really bad at showing emotions. How's this?
Valerie : Thanks, baby.
Thirteen : Can I have your arm, please?
Valerie : My arm! You broke it!
Thirteen : I don't know what happened. Neither do I.
House : But I know what happened after.
House : She called Cuddy and demanded I kick you off the case.
House : I backed you up because I trust you,
House : but you're gonna have to earn that trust now.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Actually, he backed you up
Taub : because of the new BUN creatinine numbers.
Taub : Brittle bones were from kidney failure.
House : There is that. So heart and kidneys.
Foreman : And brain.
UNK: Nope. The psychopathy is not a symptom.
Chase : It was yesterday.
House : In the meantime, kidney failure ruled out syphilis,
House : and testing ruled out the other ideas that would have fit.
Foreman : Protein levels, kidneys, arrhythmia.
Foreman : Could be paraneoplastic. I'd say lymphoma.
House : Get her to radiotherapy.
Thirteen : We can't start radiation without immunoassays in her urine.
Foreman : Great. So, you cast a spell and magically fix her kidneys,
Foreman : she can give us some urine to test.
Thirteen : We have some left from admission.
Foreman : Not enough for a completely accurate reading.
Thirteen : Then how about partially accurate?
House : Those of you who haven't slept together, you can go.
House : Everyone else, stay behind.
Taub : Oh, sorry, that was our secret. Right.
House : Go have sex. No, thanks.
House : Fine, I'll cover the Viagra and the lubricants, just get me a receipt.
Foreman : We have zero feelings for each other.
House : That's too bad,
House : 'cause things worked much better when you did.
House : Would it help if I slept with her?
Thirteen : We were getting to a diagnosis.
House : No, we were already at the diagnosis.
House : You were creating a fake argument
House : about an irrelevant treatment issue
House : 'cause you can't stand to be around each other.
House : So have sex, fight, or quit, I don't care.
House : Whatever you're doing now isn't working.
Valerie : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Bill : Look, I get that you gotta act fast, but radiation?
Bill : You definitely ruled out everything else?
Thirteen : I'm sorry, but...
Thirteen : We could still check for environmental toxins.
Thirteen : Where does she spend most of her time?
Bill : Mostly at work, at home.
Thirteen : Hobbies? Recurring activities outside the home?
Bill : No. Not really.
Bill : She took a landscaping class at the Y.
Thirteen : When did it meet?
Valerie : Every Thursday night this summer.
Thirteen : You dig in soil, you can be exposed to pesticides,
Thirteen : heavy metals, lots of bad things.
Thirteen : Can you find out all about her landscaping class,
Thirteen : where it was, details like that?
Bill : Yeah. I'll do it now.