UNK: So when you watch Star Wars, which side do you root for?
House : Dr. House, what are you doing?
House : Just checking in on your radiotherapy.
Valerie : From what I hear, you never visit patients.
Valerie : And now you've come to chat with me twice.
UNK: I wanna know how you like being a management consultant.
House : I'm thinking of getting into it.
House : That or psychopathy, maybe.
House : Which pays better?
Valerie : I think you're already into one of them.
Valerie : Dr. Hadley made a joke yesterday.
Valerie : She said I sound like you.
House : You sure you understand what "joke" means?
Valerie : So you're not just out for yourself?
Valerie : For example, you would never interrupt a sick woman's treatment
Valerie : just because of some personal obsession?
Bill : Of course I'm self-interested.
House : We all are, we're born that way.
House : The rest of us are born with consciences.
Valerie : Which is something you just sound ecstatic about.
House : I'm not saying it's logical, I'm just saying it's human.
Valerie : So if you know your conscience is just an animal instinct,
Valerie : you don't need to follow it.
Valerie : I think you realize that.
Valerie : That's why you're talking to me.
Bill : You lied about your landscaping class.
Bill : Dr. Hadley thought the soils might be poisoned.
Valerie : You told him that?
Wibberly : I just thought...
Bill : Russ said you were having an affair.
Bill : Was that your cover? Every Thursday night, you'd...
Valerie : I'm so sorry.
Bill : Oh, God.
House : It's not what you think.
Valerie : Do you remember that telecom case
Valerie : I said that we didn't get last year?
Valerie : In fact, we did. And I was swamped.
Valerie : Every Friday morning, we had a conference call with London,
Valerie : so the night before I would...
Bill : That's your excuse? You expect me to believe that you were at the office?
Valerie : What's the biggest argument we've ever had?
Valerie : You said I spend too much time away from home,
Valerie : that I don't need a job, that you would take care of me.
Bill : Yeah. That's all true.
Valerie : You yelled at me.
Valerie : You made me feel like you didn't value anything that I did.
Valerie : I need this job
Valerie : to feel like I'm accomplishing something on my own.
Valerie : That's why I lied to you.
Bill : If I call your office tomorrow and I check...
Valerie : Call my office, call my secretary,
Valerie : call my clients, interrupt their dinner,
Valerie : wake them up, I don't care.
Valerie : I just want you to know the truth.
Valerie : You know I love you.
Valerie : Come here.
UNK: Please.
Valerie : It's okay.
Valerie : Fire her.
UNK: What for? You seem to have lied your way out of any trouble.
Valerie : Until Bill checks up on my cover,
Valerie : and I have to create a whole new one to cover that one up.
Valerie : I've done it before, but it's a pain,
Valerie : and I would like Dr. Hadley to share that pain.
Cuddy : She didn't reveal any confidences,
Cuddy : and she had a valid medical reason
Cuddy : to ask about your landscaping class.
Valerie : We can see what a jury says about that.
Cuddy : And admit to your husband the truth?
UNK: You're not going to sue us.
Cuddy : We will remove Dr. Hadley from all patient contact.
UNK: What?
Cuddy : But it's for Dr. Hadley's benefit, not yours.
Cuddy : We have no obligation to inflict you on her.
UNK: Fine.
Valerie : But just so you know, this is not for your benefit.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy is furious that you put her hospital at risk.
Valerie : She just knows it's a bad idea
Valerie : to admit it in front of me.
Cuddy : Think what you want.
Cuddy : By the way, your orderly's outside.
Cuddy : But I'd wait about another 10 minutes
Cuddy : if you really want your husband to think
Bill : you're having radiation treatments.
Valerie : Dr. Hadley?
Valerie : Are you, by chance, gonna cry?
UNK: 'Cause that's the one I just can't do.
UNK: Hello? This is Dr. Hadley.
UNK: What?
Thirteen : You called the medical board?
Valerie : What is she talking about?
UNK: "Accusations of sexual harassment."
Thirteen : You don't think I know it's you?
Chase : Thirteen, come on.
Thirteen : You already got me fired from the case, what else do you want?
Valerie : Dr. Hadley, get out here now.