UNK: Whoa.
UNK: All right, this... This shot-caller,
Castle : if I put him in the book, I want it to feel authentic.
Castle : How would you describe him?
Joanne : - This is the man who killed her? - We think so.
Beckett : We believe he may have had more than
Beckett : just a passing relationship with your mom, and he could be anyone,
Beckett : a waiter, dog-walker, doorman, personal trainer.
Joanne : No, I don't recognize him. Maybe one of the other victims knows.
Castle : Your mom wear jewelry often?
Joanne : - No, just to special events. - What kind of special events?
UNK: Uh, fashion show last year.
UNK: Gallery openings, fundraisers. My mother loved her causes.
UNK: Opera companies, environmental groups.
UNK: - "Eyes inside. " - Why are we doing this, again?
Beckett : Well, according to Mitchell, the shot-caller who wanted the bump key
Beckett : had someone feeding him inside information about our victims.
Castle : And Powell says the pieces of jewelry being stolen
Castle : are the kind you save for special occasions.
Powell : Special occasion like a charity event.
Esposito : So we find an organization that all of our victims supported...
Beckett : And we find our guy.
Esposito : Delgado and Pastori both gave to the Manhattan Opera Society.
Beckett : But not the last two victims.
UNK: I got three families that donated to AIDS America,
UNK: Delgado, Bruner and Kesler.
Castle : But not Pastori.
Esposito : Maybe Pastori was a guest of one of the other three victims.
UNK: Mmm-mmm. No. None of the families knew each other.
UNK: Wait a second. "M.A.D.T." That's the Metropolitan American Dance Theater.
UNK: Metropolitan American Dance Theater.
UNK: - Metro American Dance. - M.A.D.T.
Castle : That's the nonprofit our invaders are profiting from.
Beckett : Find out who's in charge, and how I can find them.
Esposito : Right on.
Beckett : There she is. Anne Greene, company's director.
UNK: She can invade my home anytime.
Beckett : Yeah, well, if she's in on it, she's doing it purely for kicks.
Beckett : Textile heiress. No record, and clean DMV.
UNK: The white centerpieces go on the Angel Tables.
UNK: Red centerpieces go on Sponsor Tables.
Beckett : Ms. Greene, I'm Detective Beckett, and this is...
Anne : Ricky? Ricky Castle?
Anne : I've heard perfectly awful things about you from my friend Cheney.
UNK: Cheney...
Anne : Tall, brunette, aftermarket nose.
Castle : Cheney, of course! How is Cheney?
Anne : Oh, I hear she's a great scandal in San Moritz.
Esposito : - And you? - Currently between scandals, actually.
Anne : Oh! You two aren't...
Castle : - Not yet. - No. Never.
Beckett : In fact, Ricky here is assisting me with a homicide investigation.
Anne : How exciting.
Beckett : Yes, and it involves your organization.
UNK: All of our employees go through an extensive background check.
UNK: I can assure you, none of them are involved.
UNK: I'm still gonna need a list of the employees
Beckett : who had access to donor records.
Castle : Of course.
Anne : Detective, I'm sure this is all a coincidence.
Beckett : Unfortunately, I'm not,
Beckett : and that's why I'm gonna need a copy of your donor list.
Anne : That may be a problem.
Anne : The people who give publicly, they're not an issue.
Anne : But some of our donors cherish their anonymity.
Anne : We're contractually obligated to protect that.
Beckett : What about their lives? Do your donors cherish those as well?
Anne : I assure you, my office will contact each of them
Anne : and alert them to the situation.
Beckett : I'd really like to contact them myself.
Anne : I'm sorry, Detective, but my hands are tied.
Anne : If you want my confidential donor list, you're gonna need a court order.
UNK: Awkward.
Ryan : We ran employees and volunteers. None have priors or records. Hello?
UNK: Ryan cont'd : - What's she doing? - Writing an affidavit for a court order.
Castle : That no one is going to sign. Did you see that list of board members?
Castle : Half the judges in town are on it.
Beckett : What am I supposed to do? Just let someone else die?
Castle : Whoa, hey, you seem a little stressed. Hey, you know what you need?
UNK: Castle cont'd : A night out on the town.
UNK: A what, now? What are those?
Castle : - The gateway to another world. - Castle.
Castle : They hold four fundraisers a year.
Castle : The last one took place a week before the robberies began.
Castle : - No. - It is perfect.
Castle : You don't have to ask who the donors are, because they'll all be there,
Castle : wearing their jewelry.
Esposito : If the employees and volunteers are clean, then our perp...
UNK: Skell.
Esposito : ...could be working the party.
Ryan : And we can work the door.
UNK: So, it's settled. Pick me up at 8 : 00?
UNK: Oh, it's a black-tie event. That's not a problem, is it?
Beckett : Uh, no. No.
Lanie : No, no. Uh-uh. That one goes to the thrift store.
Beckett : The girl at Saks said fluorescent is in.
Lanie : Well, then she was on commission.
UNK: Uh-uh.
UNK: You know what he's trying to do? He wants to humiliate me.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Lanie, can you get that, please?
UNK: All right. But you better not be wearing your prom dress when I get back.
Alexis : My dad, nervous for a date?
Castle : It's not a date.
Castle : - It's an undercover operation. - Uh-huh.
Castle : - Would you? - Yeah.
Martha : I don't know why you won't tell me where the party is.
Castle : Because you'll show up.
Beckett : Who was it? - Delivery.
Beckett : - From who? - Let's find out.
UNK: "Bibbity-bobbity-boo"?
Lanie : Oh, please. It's a dress. Now open it up, girlfriend.
Beckett : Oh! I knew he was arrogant, but this, this is complete...
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Stunning. Simply stunning. Come in, come in.
Martha : Oh! Hang on. Hang on.
Alexis : - You look incredible. - Really?
Castle : Really. You clean up nice, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Thank you, Castle.
UNK: Martha cont'd : I was nominated for a Tony once, and...
Beckett : Oh, no, Martha, I couldn't.
Martha : Yes, you can. Let me...
Martha : Oh! It's brilliant.
Martha : So, where are you guys headed tonight?
Beckett : We're going to The Waldorf.
Esposito : Man, these guys look guilty of tax evasion, not home invasion.
Esposito : Yeah, well, appearances can be deceiving.
UNK: Ryan cont'd : - Nice dress. - Yeah, what there is of it.
Beckett : I'd let you borrow it, Esposito, but you stretched out the last one.
Castle : Big cheese!
UNK: Ricky! Ricky! Hey!
Mayor : Why didn't you tell me you were gonna be at this shindig?
Mayor : - I would've given you a ride. - Oh, last-minute thing.
Castle : Listen, Mr. Mayor, I'd like to present to you Detective Kate Beckett.
Castle : - Kate Beckett, you know the mayor. - So this is Detective Beckett.
Beckett : - It's an honor to meet you, sir. - Please, call me Bob.
Mayor : Rick, she's even prettier than you said.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Mayor : - Excuse me a minute. - Of course.
UNK: - You talk about me to Bob? - Yeah, we play cards together.
UNK: Well, that, and you are the subject of my next book.
Castle : Can I get you a drink?
Beckett : Yeah, vodka. Lots of vodka.
Beckett : But I'm on duty, so water.
Beckett : Yeah. Vodka.
Castle : Could I get two very stiff vodka martinis?
Castle : Don't shake them, just swirl them around a bit.
Bartender : Coming right up. - Richard.
Rachel : Hi. Rachel Maddox. We spoke on the phone.
Castle : And thank you very much for getting me the tickets.
Rachel : Thanks for the signed first edition for the auction.
Paul : I had my eye on it, but it's probably too rich for my blood.
Rachel : Oh! My boyfriend, Paul Reynolds. He is a huge fan.
Castle : Oh, always nice to meet a fan.
Ruthie : Don't sweat it. That's just Rachel, Anne's Head of Development.
UNK: She's only after his money, so to speak. Oh, I'm Ruthie.
Beckett : I'm Kate. Nice to meet you.
Beckett : Do you work for the charity?
Alexis : No. No. But I am on the circuit.
Ruthie : You know, breast cancer, land mines. You know what the best one is?
Ruthie : That project, what do you call it, the one with the lips?
Ruthie : There are a lot of plastic surgeons there.
Ruthie : - Fish in a barrel. - Really?
Ruthie : Oh! Not that you need any help from me.
Ruthie : I see you've got a big one on the line. Settle in, Katie. I hear he's a fighter.
Beckett : Sorry, Castle?
UNK: Oh, most of the girls on the register have tried to land him.
UNK: Rich and handsome. We call him the White Whale.
Rachel : Listen, we're having a little gathering next month for our top donors.
Rachel : We're going to unveil plans for a new rehearsal space.
Rachel : If you're free, we'd love for you and Alexis to come.
Castle : - You know my daughter? - We make a point to know
Rachel : as much as we can about our potential donors,
Rachel : so we can match their interests with our programs.
Rachel : So many places just ask you to write a check.
Rachel : We want you to know that your money is making a difference.
Castle : Would you excuse me just for a second?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: So creepy!
Beckett : Negative on anyone matching our sketch.
Beckett : How are we doing on vendors and staff?
UNK: Esposito cont'd : Hey, so what's it like in there? Is it a buffet, or passed hors d'oeuvres?
Beckett : Both. Hey, have you seen... Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Sorry, this is the only place I knew we could talk and not be overheard.
Beckett : Sure, it is.
Castle : I was just talking to the Head of Donor Development over there.
Castle : She seems to know an awful lot about me.
Beckett : She's not the only one. Did you know that they call you the White Whale?
Beckett : No. She's in Donor Development.
Beckett : It's her job to know about you. Besides,
Beckett : she doesn't strike me as a criminal mastermind.
Castle : Still, I think we should take a second look. Two, three, dip.
Beckett : Castle? A little help.
Castle : - It's Powell. - The jewel thief?
Castle : I don't believe this. The two of you are in on it?
Anne : Don't look at me. It was his idea.
Castle : You really had me going, didn't you?
Castle : The wine, the cheese, the code of conduct.
Castle : And here you are, making me look the fool.
UNK: I just wanted to have a bit of fun.
Castle : Fun? You call what you're doing fun?
Beckett : Castle, what's going on?
Castle : They're in on it together. They've all but admitted it.
Anne : I'm so sorry. I had no idea it was such a big deal.
UNK: Big... Two people are dead.
Anne : Dead? What's he talking about?
Powell : Good lord, Rick. You didn't think...
Castle : Then what were you two whispering about?
Powell : Just a little payback.
Powell : Now we're even.
Castle : Look, I have money. Anything you pay, I'll pay you back.
Beckett : Oh, not a chance in hell, Castle.
Castle : Hey, whoa, look. There's donor girl's boyfriend.
Castle : - So? - So he's taking pictures.
Beckett : - So? I would, too, if I had a camera. - Of the crowd?
UNK: 7,000!
UNK: Reynolds. Paul Reynolds.
Castle : It's perfect. He IDs the jewels,
Castle : and then uses his girlfriend's research to build profiles on the victims.
Esposito : Yo. Yahtzee.
Esposito : Paul Reynolds, AKA Chad Nellis. He's served on check fraud,
Esposito : embezzlement, forgery and grand larceny.
Paul : Now, it does no good to be coy.
Paul : I've seen the looks you've been throwing me all night.
Castle : - Shopping, are we? - Paul Reynolds, you're under arrest
Beckett : on suspicion of theft and conspiracy to commit murder.
Esposito : Let's go.
Castle : - Where was the badge? - Don't ask.
UNK: Yo, B and E, firearms. Definitely a step up for this guy.
Beckett : He's just a foot soldier. We're looking for his general.
Castle : What happened to the dress?
UNK: You didn't think I was gonna interrogate him in it, did you?
Castle : We were kind of hoping.
Beckett : - Out of my chair, Castle. - Yes.
Beckett : - So you know him? - We met in Green Haven Prison.
Paul : A guy like me? You know they would've eaten me alive in there.
Paul : But he looked out for me in the yard.
Paul : They were all afraid of him, even the guards.
Paul : When he got out, he found me. I don't know how.
Beckett : So it was his idea to infiltrate the charity?
Paul : I was already seeing Rachel at the time.
Paul : I mean, I was trying to go straight, but he said that I owed him.
Beckett : And so you just fed him all the top donors.
UNK: Everything he needed was already in the dossiers,
Mitchell : names, addresses. I took photographs of all their jewelry,
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : put it all on a flash drive, but he wanted more and more.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : Detective, after he beat that guy to death, I told him I wanted out.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : But he said that if I quit, that he'd do everything he saved me from in prison.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : He'd do it to me and Rachel.
Beckett : Then tell me where I can find him.