Castle : So, then, how did our thieves know they were there?
Powell : Seeing comes before wanting, Rick.
Powell : These chaps may actually live among their victims
Powell : and move through their world.
Castle : Anything else special about them?
Powell : Without seeing the scene of the crime,
Powell : anything more would be mere speculation.
Castle : Well, the crime scene's all locked and sealed.
Castle : I don't think I could get you in there.
Powell : Let that be the least of our concerns.
Castle : You, uh, don't seem out of practice.
Powell : - Just like riding a bike. - Our thieves used a bump key.
Powell : This new generation. How utterly vulgar.
UNK: Powell cont'd : Rick, you didn't tell me they put her in the safe.
Castle : What's the significance?
Powell : The significance is it's unnecessary.
Powell : It's brutality for brutality's sake.
Powell : This used to be a gentlemen's game. We were like ghosts.
Powell : We could walk through walls and simply disappear.
Powell : But whoever did this, they're more like vampires.
Powell : Taste of the blood makes them feel alive.
Powell : These aren't the sort of chaps a fellow in my line of work
Powell : would care to meet by chance in the dark.
Castle : How often does that happen?
Powell : More often than you'd think, actually. Ours is a very small community.
Castle : And then what?
Powell : In my day, we'd usually come to some sort of an agreement.
Powell : You see, there was a code of conduct among professionals.
UNK: Powell. Powell!
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Hey! What's going on?
Beckett : - You brought a thief to a crime scene? - It was very helpful.
Beckett : - It was criminal trespassing. - Tomato, tomato.
Beckett : Tell your friend to keep up his disappearing act,
Beckett : and the next time you show up at a crime scene without me,
Beckett : I'll show you how my Taser works.
Castle : Promise? So, why were you there?
Beckett : Seeing if there's anything I missed. So?
Castle : - So? - Was there?
Castle : Did Mitchell make bail yet?
Beckett : Paperwork's not done yet.
Beckett : - I'm holding him out of spite. - I want to talk to him.
Beckett : Why? We already know he wasn't involved.
Castle : Something Powell said. I think Mitchell knows more than he's saying.
Beckett : And what makes you think he'll share it with us?
Castle : Not us. Just me.
Mitchell : So what are you, a forensic psychiatrist? Some kind of profiler?
Castle : Actually, I'm a writer.
UNK: Embedded reporter, huh? What, you gonna make me famous?
Castle : Not that kind of writer. I'm a novelist.
Mitchell : Yeah? Anything that I might have heard of?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : - Derrick Storm? - Yeah.