Castle : Jinx paid in full.
Beckett : It's the job, Castle.
Castle : Oh, you're short-selling, Beckett.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito could not manage that level of empathy.
UNK: That's not true. They just save it for fantasy football trades.
Castle : Makes me think about Alexis.
Castle : What would she do if something happened to me?
Beckett : Well, she still has her mom, right?
UNK: Meredith is more like a crazy aunt with a credit card.
UNK: Of the two of us, I'm the more responsible one. Pretty sad, isn't it?
Beckett : Well, I wouldn't worry about it too much, Castle.
Beckett : After all, only the good die young.
UNK: Ouch!
Beckett : Listen, Freud. I know what you're trying to do.
Beckett : You're trying to get me to talk about my mom to see if you can squeeze
Beckett : any more pulp for your fiction.
UNK: "Pulp"? You think what I do is pulp?
Castle : said that Derrick Storm is this generation's answer to...
Beckett : I read that piece.
Beckett : And even you have to admit that it's more than a little hyperbolic.
Beckett : So how much did you pay the reviewer?
Beckett : Oh, so many layers to the Beckett onion. However will you peel them all?
Montgomery : Esposito, anything from the other victims?
UNK: Beckett's downtown finishing the canvass.
UNK: But what we do know is, the Keslers and the Pastoris didn't know each other
UNK: and neither one of them knew the Bruners or Susan Delgado.
Montgomery : Well, so much for the personal angle.
Ryan : Four luxury buildings, four major scores, and we got nothing.
Ryan : If I'm these guys, I got no incentive to quit now, either.
Esposito : Yeah, well, whoever they are,
Esposito : they definitely have some righteous trade skills.
UNK: About that, forensics just came back on the Delgado's place.
UNK: They found brass shavings in the lock mechanism on the front door.
Ryan : Brass shavings?
UNK: They used a bump key. Bad guys file down a standard house key,
UNK: then they use a mallet to drive into the lock.
UNK: Separates the tumblers like billiard balls.
Ryan : - Dude, I know what a bump key is. - No, you don't.
Ryan : The hardware on the Delgado's door was a high-end import.