Joey : You didn't give me advice. You gave me a pickup line.
UNK: I told her I wanted to build a foundation and be friends first.
Joey : Suddenly, through no fault of my own, I became irresistible to her!
Joey : And her roommate.
Monica : What about the closeness?
UNK: Closeness, schmosness. There was three of us, for crying out loud!
Joey : Who wants pizza?
Chandler : I do! I do! I do!
UNK: This is great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor?
Monica : -Who is it? -N.Y.P.D.
Phoebe : Oh, my God!
Joey : Just a minute, officer!
Cop : -I'm looking for Phoebe Buffay. -My God, it's him! It's that cop!
UNK: -I can't believe he found me! -Are you gonna go to jail?
UNK: If I go down, you guys go down with me.
Phoebe : Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum.
Phoebe : Good luck, Chandler.
UNK: Arrest me, but you'll never make it stick and you know it.
UNK: I have no choice, it's my job. You understand, right?
UNK: And you understand that I'm calling my lawyer.
Phoebe : And once he puts you on the stand, he'll make you look like a fool!
Cop : I don't like looking foolish.
Cop : Maybe I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Phoebe : I'd love it if I weren't here!
UNK: Since you're not going to jail tonight, I was wondering if you'd...
Cop : ...like to go to dinner with me?
UNK: Me?
Cop : Ever since you flashed my badge I can't stop thinking about you.
Cop : You're the prettiest fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
UNK: Nice.
Phoebe : I didn't see that coming. You're asking me out.
UNK: I could've done it better, but these people keep staring at me.
Phoebe : I'd like to go out with you, officer.
UNK: -Gary. -Gary.
Gary : Okay, so it's a date.
Phoebe : I gotta ask you, though. How'd you find me?
UNK: I ran your fingerprints through the computer.
Gary : This was listed as your last known address.
UNK: Impressive.
UNK: Not as impressive as you. Your record shows you've done some weird stuff.
Phoebe : We'll talk at dinner.
UNK: -So I'll come by and pick you up? -I can't wait.
UNK: Don't worry, I won't just take you out for doughnuts.
Chandler : He has a gun!
Ross : I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.
UNK: The Saleswoman : You wanna return this couch?
UNK: The Saleswoman : It's cut in half.
Ross : -That's what I'm telling you. -Did you cut this couch in half?
UNK: It's crazy, it is cut in half.
UNK: I don't understand.
Ross : This couch is cut in half.
Ross : I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half.
UNK: We can't accept it in this condition.
UNK: Well, I can't accept it in this condition.
UNK: You're saying this couch was delivered to you like this?
UNK: Look, I'm a reasonable man.
Ross : I will accept store credit.
UNK: The Saleswoman : I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
Ross : I will take it.