Barney : We ever dreamed of when watching
Barney : Donnie and marie.
Barney : She was a little bit country.
Barney : He was a little bit way into black guys.
UNK: Tes voix off : Yeah, barney and james together was a lethal combination.
UNK: Tes voix off : Since there was never any crossover in targets,
UNK: Tes voix off : James was always there for barney with the assist.
James : Whoa.
James : Your scarf...
James : It is fierce!
UNK: Thanks. H&m.
James : What? I would never know,
James : 'cause it is so hot that my eyes are melting.
James : Oh, I can't see.
James : Hey! You know, speaking of things
James : That would look good wrapped around you,
James : Have you met my straight brother, barney?
James : Oh, he is fab... Don't you go nowhere...
James : "ulous." okay?
UNK: Ted voix off : And barney always returned the favor.
Barney : Help, I don't think he's breathing.
Barney : Does anyone know mouth-to-mouth?
Man : Oh, my god, I do!
Barney : Okay, great. How 'bout you instead?
Barney : Oh, man, I am so excited that you're here!
Barney : It has been forever since I have been around
Barney : Anyone even remotely fun.
Barney : Uh, yes offense.
James : You guys are still going out with us tonight, right?
UNK: Ted V.O. : No.
UNK: Jammies. I don't think so.
UNK: Tonight? It's after 9 : 00,
UNK: And... I have warm soup belly.
James : Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Guys...
James : You are young, attractive people here
James : In the greatest city on earth.
James : There are boys and girls
James : In nobody cares, wyoming, wishing they could be here,
James : But instead, they are in someone's basement
James : Drinking bad malt liquor, debating
James : Whether or not they're going to spend their Saturday night
James : In the parking lot of the feed store
James : Or in some other dude's basement.
James : You owe it to them
James : To rise up and shimmy your lazy asses
James : Into something hot, and you go out there
James : And you live their dream!
James : Can I get a "hell, yeah"?
UNK: Hell, yeah! Hell, yeah!
James : Can I get a "hell, yeah"? All : Hell, yeah!
UNK: Can I get a "whoo-whoo"? All : Woo-woo!
James : Go do it for wyoming!
Tous : Yes!
James : Testify!
UNK: Ted voix off : So that night, barney got his wish.
UNK: Ted voix off : We all went out.
Barney : Daddy's home!
Barney : Yeah.
Barney : All right, bro. What do you like?
Barney : Guy in super tight black t?
Barney : Super tight black guy?
Barney : Guy who looks like mr. T?
James : Mmm, yes, yes, and...
James : Talk to me after two martinis.
James : Let's focus on you, my man.
Barney : I'm feeling lazy.
UNK: : How 'bout girl with the chocolatini?
James : Oh... Boom, back tattoo.
UNK: Hero and the pig? Let's ride.
James : Fo' 'sho.
James : Damn baby, nice tramp stamp!
Women : Get off me, you pig!
Barney : Hey! Her body art
Barney : Is not an invitation to grope her,
Barney : It's an expression of her inner self.
Barney : I'm sure, in many ways, she is
Barney : The dolphin encircled by flowers.
UNK: What? What? What? What?
UNK: Cool. Popozao.
Barney : Let me know if he bothers you again. Thanks.
Women : You should stay close... Just in case.
UNK: Oh. If it'll make you feel safer.
Barney : I'm barney.
UNK: Ted voix off : Now, kids, when you're out at a noisy, crowded bar,
UNK: Ted voix off : You can always tell the difference
UNK: Ted voix off : Between the singles
UNK: Ted voix off : And the couples.
UNK: Ted voix off : You just have to look for the signs.
UNK: Break. Boiling hot.
UNK: Ted voix off : Singles stay on their feet for maneuverability.
UNK: Hey! Hi, how are ya?
Both : Have you met my brother?
Barney : Oh, hello. Have a drink.
Robin : Nice to meet you.
UNK: Ted voix off : Couples, exhausted by the sheer act of leaving the house,
UNK: Ted voix off : Are obsessed with finding a place to sit down.
UNK: Ted voix off : There are a lot of other indicators, too.
UNK: Ted voix off : From choice of social lubricant...
UNK: Whoo! Wow!
UNK: Ted voix off : To basic body language.