UNK: Ted voix off : But the point is,
UNK: Ted voix off : There are many ways to tell whether someone has
UNK: Ted voix off : Single stamina or couples coma.
James : I wish I would've worn sneakers.
James : I just got finished running from some fat, hairy guy
James : Who was periscoping out of his pleather pants.
James : Permission to come aboard denied.
Lily : I miss my jammies.
Lily : I can't believe I wore a bra for this.
Robin : Bras suck... they're so confining and unnatural.
Lily : Yeah, they're like a boobie zoo.
Man : Well, why don't you
Man : Take it off then and let those puppies breathe?
Lily : Oh, please go sweat on someone else.
Marshall : Poor guy.
Lily : Poor guy? Poor my boobs.
Marshall : Well, it takes a lot of guts to approach
Marshall : A girl, and you just crushed him.
Lily : Oh, yeah, yeah. He looks all broken up inside.
Robin : Whatever, you guys
Robin : Have no idea what it's like to be on the receiving end.
Ted : "Oh, poor me. I'm a pretty girl
UNK: "and everybody everywhere wants to buy me
UNK: Drinks and have sex with me."
Ted : Waa.
Marshall : "Oh, poor me. I get to order yummy, pink drinks
UNK: "with chunks of real fruit that guys secretly like,
Marshall : But can't order because they'll be made fun of."
UNK: Dude. They're delicious!
Man : Excuse me. Join me in a shot?
James : Oh, no thanks. I've had enough.
UNK: He's too in shape; we'd spend all night
James : Talking about his body fat content.
James : Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go have
James : A yummy, pink drink with fruit in it...
James : Because I can.
Lily : You know, that was, like, the third hot guy
Lily : That james blew off tonight.
Marshall : Yeah, he's turning down shots,
Marshall : He's yawning, he's whining about his feet.
Marshall : He's as bad as we are.
James : He is.
Ted : Wait, he's exactly as bad as we are.
Ted : You guys don't think
Ted : That james is... In a relationship?
Robin : No. There's no way. He's barney's brother.
Marshall : Look at that.
Marshall : He's texting!
Ted : Oh, my god!
Ted : He is in a couple.
Lily : This is gonna kill barney.
Barney : What's gonna kill me?
Barney : What's going on?
Marshall : B-barney?
Marshall : Have you noticed anything...
Marshall : Different about james?
UNK: Ted V.O. : No.
Barney : I mean, he's glowing from his peel, if that's what you mean.
Ted : We have reason to believe that james is,
Ted : Uh, maybe hiding something from you.
Ted : I-I know you're not gonna like hearing this, but...
UNK: Ted V.O. : Barney...
Ted : Your brother is...
Ted : Monogamous.
Barney : That's ridiculous!
Barney : Just because he's a little sleepy,
UNK: And he hasn't had sex
Barney : With anyone in a bathroom stall...
UNK: Huh.
UNK: He hasn't had sex with anyone in a bathroom stall.
UNK: Ted voix off : And, barney...
Robin : I hate to be the one
Robin : To tell you this, but... He's texting.
Barney : No, he...
Barney : No!
Barney : That...
Barney : Is impossible.
Man : Excuse...
Barney : Excuse... Ex...
James : Hey, bro.
Barney : Don't change the subject.
Barney : Let me see your phone.
Barney : Why?
Barney : I just want to see your phone.
Barney : Let me see your phone.
James : No, it's just a phone. It's just a phone!
James : And it's got internet access, and it's got a camera on it,
James : And you can surf the web and do the whole thing.
James : It's so amazing how far technology has come.
James : What kind of phone do you have?
UNK: I got...
UNK: Who is this?
UNK: And the answer better be : "I don't remember his name."
James : That is tom.
UNK: And he's my fiancé.
Tous : Hey.
Barney : I don't support this.
James : Gay marriage?
Barney : Not gay marriage... marriage!
Barney : How can you do this?
Barney : We were raised in the same house, with the same values!
James : Believe me,
James : I fought this for a long time.
James : Come on, it's embarrassing.
Barney : Look,
James : This felt unnatural to me, too, at first.
James : But I fell in love.
James : And tom and I realized you can't fight love.
Barney : Oh, god.
Barney : Is that what you two do together?
Barney : You sit around the house and talk about love?
Barney : I think... I'm gonna be sick.
James : Okay, okay, look,
James : I need you to wrap your head around this, okay?
James : Because it is happening.
James : And I want you to be my best man.
James : What?