Ted : Kids, there's nothing
UNK: Ted V.O. : More wonderful than new york city
UNK: Ted V.O. : In the winter... Except the view of new york city
UNK: Ted V.O. : In the winter through your apartment window.
UNK: Ted V.O. : In the winter of 2006,
UNK: Ted V.O. : Marshall, lily, robin and I were all deep
UNK: Ted V.O. : In couple hibernation mode.
UNK: Ted V.O. : Sadly, this left uncle barney out in the cold.
Barney : Okay.
Barney : All-night rave,
Barney : Abandoned tire factory in newark.
Barney : We're on the list. Who's in?
UNK: Nope. No. No. No.
Barney : Private jet.
Barney : Teeterboro airport,
Barney : Skinny-skydiving. Who's in?
UNK: Nope. Nah. No, thanks.
Barney : One beer.
Barney : Bar, downstairs,
UNK: 15-second walk. Who's in?
Marshall : Shh...
Marshall : Lily went sleepy-bye.
UNK: Ted voix off : It got so bad, barney
UNK: Tried to be his own wingman. Hi.
Barney : Have you met me?
UNK: Ted voix off : Finally, he decided to bring in reinforcements.
All : No.
Barney : Yes. And do you know why?
Barney : Hang on to your bedsores, grandparents from willy wonka,
Barney : Because guess who's
Barney : On his way up to this apartment right now?
Barney : My... Wait for it...
Barney : Brother, james. React.
All : Hey!
Robin : You have a brother?
UNK: Yeah. He's the "awesome-est,"
UNK: Most best "looking-est," greatest guy ever.
Lily : He's exactly like barney.
Barney : That's what I just said.
Ted : Well, barney and his brother aren't exactly alike.
Ted : James is gay.
Robin : Really?
Robin : Never in a million years
Robin : Would I picture you with a gay brother, that's awesome.
Ted : Yeah. I just wanted you
Ted : To have a heads up, so you don't
Ted : Act all surprised when he gets here.
UNK: Here he is.
UNK: What up, new york?
Robin : Thanks for the heads up.
Robin : How in god's name did it never come up
Robin : That barney has a gay, black brother?
Ted : Is he black?
Ted : I guess I'm the kind of person that focuses
Ted : On who people are on the inside
Ted : Rather than the color of their skin.
Ted : I'm kidding, I just wanted to see your face.
Marshall : Yeah, so now the wedding's back on.
Lily : Anyway, james, how have you been?
James : Awesome, as per "yoozh."
James : I just went skinny-skydiving.
James : Legendary.
James : And my laser tag team,
James : Just made it to regional finals.
James : "Legendarier."
James : And by now you've
James : Noticed the suit... Go 'head, touch it.
James : Handcrafted by pietro dellacamera,
James : Milan's famous 101-year-old tailor
James : Who upon completing the very last stitch
James : In this suit dropped dead,
James : Which is ironic because that is how
James : Gorgeous I look in it. C'mon.
James : Gimme five.
UNK: Is "gimme five" back? Oh, yeah.
James : I put it in my blog this morning.
Barney : Guys, "gimme five" is back!
Ted : Oh, james, this is my girlfriend, robin. Hey.
Robin : It's so nice to meet you. You, too.
Robin : So, I have to ask, there's a story here.
Both : Please.
UNK: Ted voix off : The truth is, barney and james got a lot of...
UNK: Ted voix off : Different explanations from their mom over the years.
Mere : Well, boys, you look different
Mere : Because when I was pregnant with you,
Mere : I only ate vanilla ice cream.
Mere : And when I was pregnant with you,
Mere : Can you guess what kind of ice cream I ate?
UNK: Coffee? No, james,
Mere : I ate chocolate ice cream.
Mere : But I did drink tons of coffee
Mere : When I was pregnant with both of you.
Mere : Can't smoke without my coffee.
Mere : I don't know, boys, I guess it's just one of those things.
Mere : Stop asking me!
Mere : You know what you two are?
Mere : You're little racists!
Ted : So what are you guys gonna do tonight?
Barney : I'll tell you what james is gonna do.
Barney : He's gonna do the job you've been neglecting.
Barney : And, as always, he'll do it
Barney : A lot better than you ever did.
Ted : Ted...
Barney : James is my wingman now.
Barney : Okay.
Marshall : Last time james was in town,
Marshall : Barney got slapped once,
Marshall : Lucky twice, and...
Marshall : Whose penthouse hot tub did you end up in?
UNK: Ah, public figure, confidentiality agreement.
UNK: But I will say this :
UNK: Way more back hair than any guy
UNK: Who can afford laser hair removal should have.
Lily : And then there was the time
Lily : They scored the brother/sister combo.
Barney : It was everything