Ted : Sandals and socks... Come on, buddy.
Ted : But I took her out, we celebrated.
Ted : It was the right thing to do.
Ted : You got to support him.
UNK: Hmm.
Barney : You're right, ted.
Barney : This is a cause for celebration.
Barney : We need to take him out and celebrate the commitment
Barney : He and tom are about to make.
Barney : Yeah.
James : This is where we're celebrating the commitment
James : That tom and I are about to make?
Barney : What? Yeah!
Barney : See, that cage represents your commitment.
Man : Oh, my god.
Marshall : Freedom has never tasted so delicious.
Tous : Hey.
Man : You work out?
Mere : I do.
Marshall : And thank you for noticing.
Marshall : You're obviously
Marshall : In very good shape yourself.
Man : Well, I try.
Man : So you want to dance?
Marshall : You know what?
Marshall : I'm very flattered, and, objectively,
Marshall : You're a very attractive man,
UNK: But this is actually my fiancée.
James : I'm sorry.
Man : You know, I saw your drink and I...
Marshall : No, no, this isn't my drink.
Marshall : This is hers.
Lily : No, it isn't.
Robin : Whatever.
Man : How 'bout you?
Ted : Oh, I'm straight, too.
Ted : But I thank you for your time,
Ted : And I appreciate your interest in my body.
Marshall : Being hit on doesn't have to be terrible.
Marshall : I feel flattered, and everyone left with their dignity.
Man : Hey, I really like your sweater.
Robin : Wow.
Robin : You actually do, don't you?
Robin : You're not checking out
Robin : My boobs or anything.
Man : My name's gay ken, what do you think?
Robin : I love this place!
UNK: Let's dance! And not get groped!
Robin : Whoo! Thank you.
James : Damn.
Ted : Thank you!
UNK: We're hot. Totally.
James : And then tom says to the dealer
James : That the handmade georgian clock has a chip on the corner.
James : Blam, we get that puppy half price.
James : What up?!
James : Bam!
Barney : Sounds like you really rocked that...
Barney : Arts and crafts fair.
James : Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.
James : Hey, oh, my god.
James : This is so liberating, being able to talk about this to you.
James : I cannot wait for you to meet tom.
Barney : And I cannot wait for you
Barney : To meet my good friend...
Barney : This guy.
Barney : Excuse me, do you know anyone who would like to buy
Barney : My incredibly muscular, fun, large-handed brother a drink?
James : Eh, eh, eh, let's focus on you, barnaby.
Barney : Okay.
Barney : All right.
James : I spy a group of women who have let their defenses down
James : Because they are in a gay club.
James : You see that chick right there?
James : She looks like she'd fall
James : For sports agent and football player.
Barney : Okay, I'm in.
Barney : Which one am I?
UNK: Barney and James : Please.
Barney : He's very shy,
Barney : Loves tennis and brazil,
Barney : And drops his pants after three dirty martinis.
Barney : Now go, man, go!
Marshall : I just never thought I'd see barney so vulnerable.
Ted : Well, I guess no one wants to feel like
Ted : They're going through the world alone.
Man : Look at me, in a yummy sandwich!
Marshall : Okay, we're actually right in the middle
Marshall : Of something right now, so...
Man : Ooh, I know what I want to be
Man : In the middle of. Thoughts?
Ted : Can't two straight guys
Ted : Come to a gay dance club, enjoy some techno
Ted : And good conversation without being bothered?
Robin : How's it going, guys?
Robin : Still enjoying the attentions of men?
Marshall : That's like the eighth guy who's hit on us in ten minutes.
Robin : It's like, "hello, my eyes are up here."
Ted : And it's never the hot ones.
Ted : It's always the losers. Bums me out!
Lily : Looks like the boys learned their lesson.
Lily : Do you totally miss being hit on?
Robin : Oh, totally. Let's go find a sports bar.
Barney : James, james, since you like arts and crafts,
Barney : Look at what charles here made
Barney : With cherry stems.
Barney : He did it with his tongue.
Barney : Yeah.
UNK: Ted V.O. : Barney.
Barney : So, charles,
Barney : Why don't you put your number in my brother's phone,
Barney : And once he's in a funner mood...