Castle : where the millionaire playboy kills a researcher
UNK: to get his hands on the secret formula for eternal life.
UNK: Yeah, well, 10 years is not eternal life.
Castle : Would you do it? Would you get the implants?
Beckett : I don't think I need them, huh?
Castle : I mean, the pharmaceutical implants.
Beckett : So I could live to 100 instead of 90? No, I think I will pass.
Castle : What if you could stay the same way you are now for the next 10 years?
Beckett : I don't want to stay the same.
Castle : How could you not want 10 extra years?
Beckett : One thing I've learned is that you never know how much time you have,
Beckett : and if I thought I had more, I just might end up wasting it.
UNK: Yeah, you're gonna need to get those implants.
UNK: Otherwise, you'll get older,
Castle : and 10 years from now, I'll still be exactly the same.
Beckett : Isn't that how you'll be anyway?
Receptionist : Detective Beckett, Mr. Randolph will be right out.
Beckett : Great, thank you.
MAN : Everyone here for Sorority Pillow Fight Number Seven, come on back.
Castle : Someone needs to get these girls clothes made of actual fabric.
Beckett : When did you become so judgmental about practically naked women?
Castle : Since my daughter hit college age.
Castle : And there he is, defiler of coeds.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, Beau Randolph.
Randolph : You sure you're not here to audition for my Post-Docs Play Doctorseries?
UNK: No.
Randolph : Then what can I do for you?
Beckett : You can answer a few questions about Lester Hamilton.
Castle : Like why did you kill him?
Randolph : Yeah, I was with Professor Hamilton at the diner this morning.
Randolph : The only crime was how bad the food was.
Beckett : Witnesses say that you fought.
Randolph : That's right. I'd sunk millions into his research,
Randolph : and suddenly he wants to give it all away?
UNK: If there's one thing Internet porn has taught me,
Randolph : you don't get rich by giving it away.
Castle : Is that why you killed him?
Castle : So you could secure Ambrosia before he uploaded it for everyone to see?
Randolph : It's why I walked home and called my lawyer to issue an injunction.
UNK: The doorman said you came home at 7 : 10.
Randolph : Sounds right. Lester Hamilton was killed at 6 : 40.
UNK: It's plenty of time for you to put two in his chest before walking home.
Randolph : I didn't kill him.
Randolph : But I know who did. Do you really?
Beckett : Would you care to share?
Randolph : Look, last month the NIH rejected him for human testing.
Randolph : Now, I told him the setback was temporary,
Randolph : but he said he was too close to a breakthrough,
UNK: and he wasn't gonna let a bunch of bureaucratic scientists get in his way.
Randolph : A week later,
Randolph : I notice $100,000 missing from the account I set up for him.
Castle : You think he went ahead with human testing without approval?
Randolph : Yes. In secret.
Randolph : And then he tells me to take a hike.
Randolph : I think he had that breakthrough.
Randolph : I think the Ambrosia Proje worked.
UNK: It's a very interesting theory, Mr. Randolph,
Beckett : but you still haven't told us who you think killed Hamilton.
Randolph : If he was doing illegal testing,
Randolph : where were his test subjects coming from?
UNK: Hmm?
Randolph : I can tell you this, they weren't clean-cut college kids.
Randolph : They're the kind of folks who don't mind needles
Randolph : and are likely to possess firearms. KNOCKING ON DOOR
Beckett : Here's my view and unlike yours, mine is based on fact.
UNK: You sunk millions of dollars into Hamilton's research,
Beckett : and just as you thought that
Beckett : Hamilton was making a breakthrough, he cut you off.
Beckett : That is motive.
Castle : You have a large caliber gun,
Beckett : Hamilton just happened to have been shot with a large caliber gun.
Beckett : That is means.
Beckett : And you were seen arguing with Hamilton
UNK: 10 minutes before he was killed.
Beckett : That is opportunity.
UNK: It's conjecture, Detective.
Randolph : You have no proof.
Beckett : Actually, I do.
Beckett : CSU just found that your .45 caliber gun was fired this morning.
UNK: Ouch.
Beckett : You know what we call that?
UNK: A smoking gun.
Randolph : Well, that had nothing to do with Hamilton.
Randolph : There was a flock of pigeons on my roof this morning, squawking.
Randolph : I was trying to sleep.
Castle : Pigeons? That's what you're gonna go with?
Randolph : Given that the only evidence you have is frozen inside Mr. Hamilton,
Randolph : yeah, that's what I'm going with.
Randolph : In the meantime,
Randolph : I'd like my lawyer.
UNK: Smug, self-satisfied son of a bitch.