Castle : Maybe it wasn't so inadvertent.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Thank you for coming in, Mrs. Hamilton.
UNK: I understand that you have already spoken with Dr. Boyd.
UNK: Yes.
Cynthia : It's a lot to process.
UNK: Yeah.
Cynthia : How can I help you?
UNK: Well, we were hoping that you could shed some light
Beckett : on some evidence that just came in.
Cynthia : What's that?
Castle : Your husband's computer, the one his student smashed.
Castle : The tech people here managed to recover a list of recent downloads.
Castle : Included on that list was Passageway's contract termination form.
Castle : Any idea why your husband would download that?
UNK: No. It must be a mistake.
Beckett : Actually, the tech assured us that the download list was clean.
UNK: Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about that?
Castle : Because the best I can come up with is that your husband decided that
Castle : working on his research until his brain gave out
Castle : was more important to him
Castle : than cryonically preserving himself.
Castle : But you disagreed with him, didn't you, Mrs. Hamilton?
Cynthia : How could I disagree with him when I didn't even know about the tumor?
Beckett : I think you did know and that's why you killed him.
Beckett : So he would be preserved for the future
Beckett : before his brain was ravaged.
Castle : After shooting him, you took his briefcase.
UNK: LAUGHS NERVOUSLY This is insane.
Cynthia : It's just wild conjecture.
BECKETT : Actually, it's not.
Beckett : You got rid of the gun, of course,
Beckett : but we found your husband's briefcase
Beckett : hidden in your building's basement.
Beckett : There were traces of your husband's blood on it.
Cynthia : I gave him that briefcase
Cynthia : when we got engaged.
Cynthia : I couldn't just leave it behind.
Cynthia : I had known for weeks that there was something wrong,
Cynthia : but Lester said it was just stress.
UNK: And then a couple of nights ago,
Cynthia : he passed out when he was getting ready for bed.
Cynthia : Then he told me the truth.
UNK: But he wasn't in his right mind.
Cynthia : He was too concerned about his research.
Cynthia : I needed to protect our future.
Cynthia : Our eternity together.
Cynthia : It's what we always dreamed of.
Castle : So, Detective, would you consider this to be a crime of passion?
Beckett : I would consider this a crime of love.
UNK: Nice.
Castle : Though that would depend on whether Cynthia Hamilton
Castle : was in love or insane.
Beckett : Well, sometimes there's a fine line between the two.
Beckett : Dr. Weiss, I have your release forms ready to go.
Weiss : I'm grateful, Detective. Castle.
UNK: So, I just need you to sign down there at the bottom,
Beckett : and the charges against you and your employees at Passageway
Beckett : will officially be dropped by the department.
Weiss : I'm happy to put this behind us.
UNK: RAPID BEEPING
Esposito : Excuse me. Yeah.
Weiss : It's a biowatch signal. A client has just flatlined.
Weiss : Well, that's strange.
Beckett : What is it? The signal.
Weiss : It's coming from inside this building.
Castle : The ring on her right hand.
UNK: It's a cyanide pill.
WEISS : Detective Beckett.
Weiss : Permission to have my technicians come and get her?
Beckett : Yes, of course.
Castle : Wouldn't it be something if they reunited 100,
Castle : even 1,000 years from now?
Beckett : Well, anything's possible.
Castle : You really believe that?
Beckett : It's what the great love stories are about, right?
Beckett : Beating the odds?
Castle : I hope they make it.
Beckett : Me, too.