UNK: Yes!
UNK: Martha Rodgers : What are you so excited about?
Castle : It's the latest issue of SkyMall.Sweet.
Martha : Oh, really, darling, who subscribes to SkyMall?
Martha : Isn't perusing all that dreck on the plane enough?
Castle : Dreck? Mother, I will have you know this is the gateway to the hottest,
Castle : new inventions in the world.
Castle : Where else can you find a remote control that has a bottle opener...
UNK: What?
Castle : I think it's Alexis's decision letter from Stanford University.
Martha : Oh, kiddo.
Martha : You okay?
UNK: Yeah, it just makes it so real.
Castle : She grew up so fast.
Martha : Well, what do you expect? Her to live here forever?
Castle : Well, her, yes. You?
Martha : Watch it.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Is that the mail?
Castle : Oh, yeah, you have one here from a Mr. Stan Ford.
Castle : Is that anyone you know?
Martha : Well? Darling?
Alexis : I didn't get in. What?
Martha : Oh, sweetie, I'm so sorry.
Alexis : But I picked all my classes.
Alexis : I bought T-shirts.
Alexis : I had it all planned.
Castle : How could Stanford think she's not worthy? She's perfect.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Last week you didn't want her to go.
Castle : Yeah, but I didn't not want her to get in.
Castle : I was sure she'd get in. You got in.
UNK: Well, I wouldn't now.
Beckett : Anyway, put your bruised ego aside. I'm sure she's crushed.
Castle : Well, actually, right now she's in denial.
Castle : When I left, she was on the phone with Admissions
Castle : explaining to them they'd made a mistake.
UNK: CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO
Beckett : Where's the body?
UNK: Lanie Parish : That is an excellent question.
Beckett : You mean, there's no body?
Lanie : Nope, just lots of blood.
UNK: Whose ever it is, there's no way they survived.
CASTLE : Well, where did they go?
Lanie : You're the one with all the crazy theories, Castle.
Castle : Walking dead.
Lanie : But there are indications that the body was moved.
RYAN : I think I know who moved it.
UNK: I got witnesses that said they saw an unmarked white van
UNK: Kevin Ryan : fleeing the scene just after 7 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Did they get an eye on who was behind the wheel?
UNK: No, but we got unis canvassing for eyewitnesses
UNK: and checking every street-level security cam in a five-block radius.
BECKETT : Tire tracks.
Beckett : Get a cast of the tire treads.
Beckett : CSU might be able to get make and model.
UNK: There's two different size footprints. There was at least two of them.
Beckett : Yeah, but there's no tread on the footprints.
UNK: They must have been wearing booties.
Castle : Missing body, killers who literally cover their tracks.
Castle : Anyone else getting a quick-strike assassin squad vibe?
UNK: Come on, Castle, you're not saying this was some kind of black ops job?
Castle : I'm not saying it. The evidence is saying it.
Castle : I'm betting this guy's buried at sea by now.
BECKETT : Lanie, there's an imprint in the blood.
Lanie : Yeah, it looks like a box or a case.
UNK: It might have been our victim's.
Castle : Nuclear launch codes, probably.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, there's a pattern. Let's see if CSU can ID it.