UNK: Ugh!
Beckett : Is there a problem?
Ryan : No, sorry, it's just that word, "pattern."
Ryan : Jenny and I, we're still registering for the wedding.
Ryan : China, silverware, stemware, sheets, not to mention...
Ryan : CSU. Imprint. Got it. Yo.
UNK: Pretty sure I got a cause of death.
Castle : You mean, besides massive blood loss?
UNK: Gunshots.
UNK: Neighbors heard a pair go off at 6 : 40 this morning.
UNK: 6 : 40? Are you sure?
Esposito : Uh, positive. Why?
Beckett : Because Ryan's witnesses saw a van racing out of here at 7 : 00.
Esposito : Who would kill someone, wait for them to bleed out
Gates : and then take their body?
Castle : I guess that rules out quick-strike assassin squad.
Beckett : An imprint in the blood is your best lead?
Beckett : Well, based on stitching,
UNK: CSU determined that the briefcase is an Underwood, which is pricey,
Beckett : and only two local sho ps sell them.
Beckett : They're giving us customer information.
Gates : Sounds like a long shot at best.
Beckett : We're waiting on tire-tread analysis,
Beckett : and Detective Ryan is overseeing the review
UNK: of over 50 security cameras looking for that van.
Gates : What about the victim? Any closer to an ID?
Beckett : Based on blood, Dr. Parish determined that our victim is a male,
Beckett : so we're looking for missing persons reports of men in that area.
Gates : Men? You've narrowed the victim pool down to men?
Castle : Uh, well, in New York City,
Castle : that actually eliminates over four million women, so...
Gates : Mr. Castle, I don't know what the mayor sees in you,
Gates : but I know how you're alike.
UNK: He's term-limited.
UNK: Maybe if I sent her flowers... No.
UNK: No.
Castle : So, an investigation without a body. That's kind of new, right?
UNK: You know, there have been murder investigations
Beckett : where authorities haven't found the body.
Castle : Yeah, but in those cases, they still know who the victim is.
Castle : Father of four disappears on fishing trip,
Castle : blood found in family garage.
Castle : Where do you start when you don't know who the victim is?
UNK: You...
Beckett : You could...
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : We really need to find the body, don't we?
Beckett : Yeah, pretty much.
Ryan : I may be able to help.
Ryan : Security cam footage near the alley clocked three vans
Ryan : that matched our witnesses' description,
Ryan : two Astros and an Econoline.
Esposito : It's the Econoline. Tire-tread analysis just came back.
UNK: You get plates?
Ryan : Yeah. The Econoline is registered to a PW Storage.
Ryan : It's only six blocks from our crime scene.
Beckett : All right, let's go.
Ryan : Plates match.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Door.
UNK: SOFTLY Ready.