Beckett : NYPD! Open up, Boyd!
UNK: GLASS SHATTERING
Beckett : I don't think he's opening up.
Castle : He went out the window through the fire escape.
Beckett : Yeah, you think? Just excited.
Castle : He's got the head! Beckett, he's got the head!
Beckett : I can see that!
Beckett : Dr. Boyd, stop!
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Talk about taking a header.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: BOTH GRUNTING
Castle : I'll get the head.
UNK: Get up.
UNK: I got it. I got Hamilton's head. I think it's okay.
Beckett : You're under arrest for the murder of Lester Hamilton.
Randolph : I didn't kill him. I was trying to save his life.
UNK: He's gonna be fine.
Castle : That's a relief.
Tech : Why would anyone steal a head?
UNK: So, Dr. Boyd, it seems we caught you red-handed.
Randolph : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Well, then, why did you steal his head?
Beckett : Did you miss him?
Beckett : We know about your operating room in the Hundre and Thirtieth Street Inn.
Beckett : You were doing surgery on Hamilton's head,
Beckett : but it had nothing to do with life extension.
Beckett : So, either you tell me about it,
UNK: or we take the head back and we find out on our own.
UNK: SIGHS
Boyd : He came to me a month ago complaining about severe headaches.
Boyd : An MRI showed that he had stage four glioblastoma.
Beckett : A brain tumor?
UNK: Inoperable. Untreatable.
Boyd : He only had a few months to live.
Beckett : Well, then, why did he go to you? Why didn't he go to a hospital?
Body : Because as a scientist, he knew the limits of current therapy.
Body : And he was familiar with my work, nanoparticle genetic therapy.
UNK: English.
Boyd : Targeted treatment of tumors.
Boyd : I'm years away from human testing,
UNK: but he was my best friend.
Boyd : How could I say no to him?
Beckett : So you set up shop at the hotel to keep it secret?
Boyd : If anyone found out, I'd lose my tenure,
Boyd : my funding, reputation.
Boyd : We couldn't even risk using existing operating suites.
Boyd : Lester swore he wouldn't even tell Cynthia.
UNK: And then he got the money from Beau Randolph's fund
Beckett : in order to get you your supplies.
UNK: Yeah. I did five procedures over the month.
Beckett : And was he getting better?
UNK: No.
Boyd : A few days before he was killed,
Boyd : I did an MRI that showed that the tumor was still growing.
Boyd : The treatment had failed.
Castle : Brain tumor. That's why Hamilton wanted to put his project online,
Castle : in hopes that someone would finish his research.
Beckett : Yeah, I've got Esposito running down Boyd's alibi just in case.
CASTLE : Alexis?
Castle : What's wrong?
UNK: Everything.
Alexis : How do you do it, Dad?
Castle : Do what?
Alexis : Well, that letter that you have framed in your office.
Castle : My first manuscript rejection. Yeah.
Alexis : How can you stand having it there?
Castle : Because it drives me.
Alexis : And I got 20 more of those
Castle : before Black Pawn ever agreed to publish In a Hail of Bullets.
Alexis : That letter,