Beckett : Yes, but with no witness to the shooting, all we've got is a gun.
Castle : And since we can't match ballistics without the bullets,
Beckett : we can't even prove it's the murder weapon.
Gates : Thank you, Mr. Castle. I know how ballistics works.
Beckett : Sir, we need that body. Otherwise, we don't have a case.
Gates : I'll call the DA.
UNK: I don't care if case law's murky. We have a suspect now.
Gates : Here's the deal, boys.
Gates : The DA's office believes that we currently have sufficient grounds
Gates : to obtain a warrant and take custody of Lester Hamilton's body
Gates : as evidence in his murder investigation.
Rosen : You know we'll fight you, right?
Gates : Do you really want to risk that case law will be established
Gates : on the basis of these extraordinary circumstances?
Gates : Case law that will limit the rights of all your clients.
Gates : Now, I'm hoping that we can find another way,
Gates : but I need that body.
Rosen : We can't surrender our client's chance at a long, productive future life
Rosen : because it proves inconvenient for the state.
Gates : Then I'm sure you'll be hearing from the District Attorney's office shortly.
Weiss : There may be another way.
Weiss : Our admittance X-rays show that Hamilton's heart
Weiss : was damaged by the bullets,
Weiss : so maintaining the body is no longer a priority.
Weiss : Cryonics is mostly abo ut preserving the brain.
Weiss : By the time the technology exists to revive Hamilton,
Weiss : we'll surely be able to regenerate our bodies.
Weiss : Bottom line,
Weiss : we can keep the courts out of this,
Weiss : and you can have Hamilton's body immediately,
Weiss : if you agree to leave his head in storage at Passageway.
Gates : Then we have a deal.
UNK: Now all we need to do is match ballistics to Randolph's gun.
Lanie : They're not a match.
Beckett : What do you mean they're not a match?
Lanie : I mean, the bullets in Lester Hamilton's chest
Lanie : were not fired by Beau Randolph's gun.
Randolph : Are you sure?
Lanie : No, I just sit down here all day and make stuff up.
Lanie : Of course, I'm sure. Sorry.
Beckett : Here's the ballistics report.
Lanie : Randolph's gun is a .45. Headless here was shot with a .38.
Beckett : Getting that body was supposed to sew our case up, not blow it apart.
UNK: How can those bullets not match?
Castle : I have a theory, but you're not gonna like it.
UNK: Yeah, I'm open to anything right now.
Castle : Randolph is innocent.
Beckett : Yeah, you're right. I don't like it.
UNK: Randolph can't be the only one who wanted Hamilton's research.
Castle : Maybe a competing life-extension researcher?
UNK: Maybe. I'm gonna call his wife up and see what she knows.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
UNK: Ugh!
UNK: Alexis? Yeah, she's spinning out.
Castle : She's never not gotten something she's set her sights on.
Castle : Do you mind if I...
Beckett : No, no. You should be with her now.
Randolph : You sure? Yeah, Castle.
Beckett : I think I can manage without you for a few hours.
Castle : All right. Don't look so happy about it.
UNK: Hey. Yo.
Esposito : Ryan, what's up, man? Where you been?
Ryan : Down at the college, running down that break-in, in Hamilton's office.
Ryan : So listen to this. Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : What the hell is this?
Esposito : That, my friend, is Beau Randolph's alibi.
Ryan : A dead pigeon?
Esposito : CSU found it on the roof of his building with a slug in its belly from his .45.
Ryan : Seriously? So Randolph really did commit murder, huh?
UNK: Yep. Just writing him up for animal cruelty right now.
Ryan : Maybe there's still time to cryonically freeze the little guy.
Ryan : Hamilton's office?
Ryan : Yeah, so, first off, Hudson's campus cops?
Ryan : Wow. I know what we'll be doing when we're fried and don't care anymore.
Ryan : At least they bagged the evidence.
Ryan : We were able to pull prints off Hamilton's smashed computer.
Ryan : They matched one of his students, an Eddie Peck.
Ryan : Straight As, no record.
Esposito : Then what was he doing
Esposito : breaking into Hamilton's office, smashing his computer?
Ryan : Tell me if this answers your question.
Ryan : His father is a lead researcher at Smithbriar Pharmaceuticals.
Castle : Big pharma.
Ryan : Young Peck stole Hamilton's research for his dad.
ESPOSITO : That look familiar, Peck?
RYAN : It should. It had your prints all over it.
Ryan : We know you broke into Hamilton's office. What were you looking for?
UNK: Eddie Peck : It wasn't supposed to turn out this way, I swear.
Lanie : I just... I didn't want to be a disappointment.
Esposito : To who? Your father? You did this for him, didn't you?
Castle : You don't know what he's like.
Ryan : What did you do with the research? What research?
Ryan : Professor Hamilton's. The Ambrosia Project?