Castle : Someone else was doing them to him.
Beckett : And he decided to put his money where his mouth was,
UNK: and using himself as a test subject.
Castle : But then who was doing the procedures on him?
Beckett : And how did it even get him killed? Can I just...
Castle : Maybe the treatment was a success.
Castle : Hamilton realized he was on the cusp
Castle : of a revolutionary life extension breakthrough.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh! WHIRRING LOUDLY
UNK: Guys!
Lanie : Hold up! Stop doing that thing you do for one second.
Beckett : Thank you.
Lanie : Now all of the theorizing is cute, as usual,
Lanie : but we've got a problem.
Beckett : How so?
Lanie : The Ambrosia Project implant is supposed to be in the patient's arm.
UNK: I checked his arms.
Cynthia : In fact, I checked every inch of Hamilton's body.
Lanie : There were no intrusio ns or wounds anywhere.
Castle : I don't understand. I thought you said the needles had his DNA.
LANIE : They do.
Lanie : And his brain matter, too.
Castle : So whatever they were doing, they were doing to his head?
Beckett : Which is the only part of Hamilton's body
Beckett : that you haven't checked yet.
Lanie : Get me his head, and I can tell you what this is all about.
Weiss : We had an agreement.
Beckett : That was before, when Mr. Hamilton's head wasn't relevant to this case.
Beckett : Now it is.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Dr. Weiss, I have a warrant and you're welcome to read it.
Weiss : I know it's legal, but thi of Lester Hamilton's wishes.
Becektt : His wishes, right now, come second to this murder investigation.
Becektt : Now, open the door.
Lanie : I'll be as minimally invasive as possible, Dr. Weiss.
Weiss : Any invasion at all will destroy memory, personality, vital functions.
Weiss : Oh, my God. What is it?
Weiss : It's gone.
Weiss : The thermal storage unit should be right there.
Lanie : You gotta be kidding me.
Beckett : Are you saying you lost his head?
UNK: Cynthia Harrison : I don't understand. How does my husband's head just go missing?
Ryan : That's what we're trying to figure out, Mrs. Hamilton.
Ryan : Do you have any idea who could have operated on him
UNK: at the Hundred and Thirtieth Street Inn?
Cynthia : I already told Detective Beckett,
Gates : I don't know anything about that.
Cynthia : Now, I need to find him immediately.
Cynthia : I need to make sure that his wishes are being respected.
Ryan : I understand, and I promise you
Ryan : that we are doing everything that we possibly can.
Cynthia : What about Dr. Weiss? He's in charge over there.
Cynthia : Have you spoken to him?
Beckett : Detective Beckett is with him right now.
Weiss : I'm just as concerned about Hamilton's head as you are, Detective.
Weiss : There must have been a break-in at our storage facility.
UNK: A break-in? Really? Is that what you're going with?
Weiss : We've never had anything like this happen to one of our clients.
Weiss : It's the only thing that makes any sense.
Beckett : No, I will tell you what makes sense, Dr. Weiss.
Beckett : Either you're part of a cover-up or you're a murderer.
Beckett : Or both.
UNK: What? Why would I kill anyone? I have a family.
Beckett : Well, then, did you take them into consideration
Beckett : when you colluded in moving a body from a murder scene?
UNK: That was a one-in-a-million circumstance,
Weiss : and everyone ended up getting what they needed.
UNK: Then why is it at every step of this investigation,
Beckett : you have gotten in my way?
Beckett : Hamilton ends up dead and in your custody.
UNK: The DA is about to turn over the body to me,
Beckett : and you negotiate to keep the head.
Beckett : I get a warrant for the head, and suddenly it ends up missing.
UNK: The only thing I'm guilty of is trying to protect
Weiss : Lester Hamilton's desi re to be cryopreserved.
Cynthia : I don't know anything about his murder.
Weiss : Please check with my company, there must have been a break-in.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Esposito : What's up? Turns out there was a break-in
Esposito : at the Passageway storage facility in the middle of the night.
Lanie : No way. And they took the head?
Castle : Security video. Just watch.
UNK: Last night, 3 : 32 a.m.
Beckett : Hamilton's storage container? ESPOSITO : Yep.
Beckett : Who the hell is that?
UNK: Hamilton's dear friend and colleague.
Beckett : Dr. Boyd.