Esposito : This hotel have a name?
UNK: The Hundred and Thirtieth Street Inn.
UNK: That little beady-eyed guy in 24, a big time scientis Get out.
Esposito : How long had he been coming here?
Landlady : Booked his room solid for the last month. Paid cash.
Esposito : What was he doing here for a month?
Landlady : Sweet pea, this is a don't-ask-don't-tell hotel.
Esposito : So you didn't ask, but could you tell?
Landlady : Little dude made a big deal about
Landlady : no one ever going into his room for any reason.
Landlady : Not even to clean.
UNK: I figured he had a blow up doll collection or something.
RYAN : Whoa.
UNK: This some boy-in-the-plastic bubble thing, or what?
Landlady : I'll tell you something, I am not cleaning this up.
Ryan : Please stay back, ma'am.
Landlady : Twist my arm.
Ryan : Dude, there better not be body parts in there.
UNK: Just...
ESPOSITO : Scalpels, drill?
Esposito : Is that a laser?
UNK: Lidocaine. It's an anesthetic.
ESPOSITO : Syringes?
Esposito : It's an operating room, bro.
Ryan : Who the hell is Hamilton operating on, and why here?
Esposito : His Ambrosia Project.
UNK: He said he was on the verge of a major breakthrough,
Esposito : but got turned down for human testing.
Ryan : Looks like Beau Randolph was right.
Ryan : Hamilton decided not to wait.
Castle : Who would sign up for an illegal experimentation
Castle : of an untested surgical procedure?
Gates : I don't know. If it could make you feel better,
UNK: live longer, hell, I'd give it a try.
Martha : Though not in a sleazy hotel. I need five stars.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Any sign of Alexis this morning?
UNK: Oh. No.
Castle : When I got home last night, she was sacked out on the couch.
Castle : I had to carry her up to bed. That's the first time in years.
Martha : Poor baby, she hasn't been herself since getting that rejection.
Castle : Hey, sweetheart. What's in the box?
Alexis : My life of lies.
Alexis : I'm throwing it all out.
Castle : Honey, all your awards? You worked hard for these.
Alexis : Did I? Half of them are participation trophies.
Castle : Super pee-wee soccer. You remember the time...
UNK: LAUGHS
Castle : You scored a goal off your head and you didn't even realize it?
Alexis : And I got a trophy for that?
Alexis : We didn't even win a single game.
UNK: Come on, you weren't supposed to keep score.
Beckett : Yeah, well, Stanford keeps score.
UNK: Hey, come on, Alexis. Some of these awards a re for actual achievements.
UNK: "Franklin Middle School spelling bee champ,
UNK: "Marlowe Prep French Award?"
Alexis : The one I wanted was Stanford!
Castle : Sweetheart, I know Ashley is going to Stanford...
Alexis : This has nothing to do with Ashley. It's me, Dad. I'm a failure.
Castle : Hey, just because you didn't get into one school
Castle : does not make you a failure.
UNK: But you are gonna have to accept that you didn't get in and move on.
UNK: How?
Castle : Just wanted to give her the childhood I never had.
Castle : Maybe I overprotected her.
Beckett : You gave her a great childhood, Castle. It's not a bad thing.
Castle : Not if she's incapable of handling rejection.
Beckett : Look, we all get our hearts broken eventually.
Beckett : Just give her some time. She'll find her way.
Castle : As long as she doesn't end up auditioning for Beau Randolph.
UNK: So, any word on what w as going on in Hamilton's hotel of horrors?
Beckett : Lanie's running test results on the bloody instruments.
Beckett : But so far it looks like at least one test subject
Beckett : wasn't pleased with the results.
Beckett : CSU found that note in the hotel.
Castle : "You told me this would work. I trusted you."
Ryan : Looks like Beau Randolph was right.
Castle : Hamilton was doing human testing.
Lanie : Looks like it didn't go as planned.
Castle : Maybe Frankenstein's monster came back and killed Frankenstein.
Ryan : No luck ID-ing the note's author.
Ryan : The only prints CSU found in the room were Hamilton's.
Gates : What about Hamilton's wife?
Ryan : We checked with her, his colleagues and his students.
Ryan : No one even knew he was doing any secret research.
Beckett : Well, someone knew about i Canvass around the hotel.
Beckett : There's a big homeless population in the area.
Beckett : Maybe that's where he got his subjects.
Castle : You know, I don't get Hamilton on a character level.
Castle : Why would he risk his reputation,
Castle : his safety, to do illegal testing in some flophouse?
Castle : I mean, he was ready to give away his research, so it wasn't the money.
Castle : Why was he in such a big rush? CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Lanie's got the DNA results.
UNK: So the labs tell us who Hamilton's test subjects were?
Lanie : Preliminary DNA results from the needles and the drill
UNK: show the DNA is all from the same person.
Weiss : Lester Hamilton.
UNK: So Lester wasn't doing the procedures on someone else.