Beckett : I'm still trying to figure out how to explain it to Gates.
Gates : They steal our victim and then threaten to sue us?
Beckett : Sir, it's a legal chicken and egg problem.
Beckett : Since Hamilton's body is on private property,
Beckett : we can't get it without a warrant.
UNK: But it's gonna be tough to get a warrant,
Beckett : because without the body, we can't even prove he was murdered.
UNK: You get that doublespeak from their counsel?
Beckett : No, sir. My mother was a lawyer.
Beckett : Anyway, trust me, this is the argument that they will make.
Gates : Okay, then, where are we?
Beckett : Well, the cryonics technicians said
UNK: that Hamilton was shot twice in the chest.
Beckett : They turned over his clothes,
Beckett : and based on the holes in the shirt,
Beckett : it looks like it was a large caliber bullet.
Beckett : There's still money in his wallet,
Beckett : suggesting it wasn 't a random mugging.
Gates : What about the briefcase?
Beckett : Technicians said that there wasn't a briefcase at the scene.
Beckett : I called up Hamilton's wife, she was adamant
Beckett : that he left the apartment this morning with a briefcase in hand.
Beckett : She's on her way in right now with a Dr. Philip Boyd.
Beckett : He's a colleague of Mr. Hamilton's.
UNK: Yes?
Ryan : Hamilton's office at Hudson University
Ryan : was broken into three days ago, and his computer was smashed.
Ryan : Security never found out who did it. Check into it.
Gates : See if you can find something campus cops missed.
UNK: Done.
Beckett : Sounds like something in that office or briefcase was worth killing for.
Gates : Then find out what, Detective, and get the wife to release his body.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
UNK: Cynthia Hamilton : I can't do it. I have to honor Lester's wishes.
Beckett : Mrs. Hamilton, you do understand that without your husband's body,
Beckett : we might not be able to solve his murder.
Cynthia : If preservation is discontinued,
UNK: he's gonna be gone forever.
Beckett : With all due respect, he already is gone forever.
BOYD : Lester would dispute that.
UNK: He and I have been colleagues at Hudson for 20 years now,
UNK: Philip Boyd : and he's a true believer.
UNK: Philip Boyd : For him, the keys to life extension,
UNK: Philip Boyd : to reversing death itself, were within reach,
UNK: Philip Boyd : so he would never give up his chance at revival.
Cynthia : Do you know why he chose to focus on life extension?
Cynthia : We fell madly in love with each other.
Cynthia : He told me that one lifetime together wasn't enough.
Cynthia : He wanted more.
Cynthia : So do I.
Beckett : Mrs. Hamilton, we think that whoever killed your husband
Beckett : might have stolen his briefcase.
Cynthia : Do you know what was in it?
Cynthia : His research for the Ambrosia Project.
Cynthia : He always had it with him.
Castle : Ambrosia, as in the food Greek gods ate to achieve immortality?
Beckett : And what was the Ambrosia Project, exactly?
Cynthia : Philip, how would you explain it?
Boyd : It's a little outside my wheelhouse,
UNK: but Lester was developing pharmaceutical implants
UNK: that cause the body to produce young cells instead of aging ones.
Boyd : He expected it to extend human lifespan by 10 years.
Castle : A treatment like that would be worth a fortu ne to big pharma.
UNK: Billions, though most of the money would have gone to Beau Randolph.
BECKETT : Beau Randolph?
Beckett : The guy behind College Girls Gone Crazy?
BOYD : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : How is a porn mogul connected to all this?
Boyd : Us researchers take our funding where we can get it.
Boyd : Randolph made a killing in porn,
Boyd : and now he fancies himself a venture capitalist.
Boyd : He's funding Lester's research.
CYNTHIA : He was.
Cynthia : Lester cut all ties with him.
UNK: And why is that?
Cynthia : Lester wanted to take an open-source approach.
Cynthia : Publish his research online
Cynthia : and then develop it with his peers to speed up the process.
Castle : And that way no one could hold a patent on the results.
Beckett : And how did Randolph feel about that?
Cynthia : Oh, they had awful fights about it, but Lester was adamant.
Cynthia : In fact, he was supposed to upload the data today.
Beckett : When did your husband and Mr. Randolph have their falling out?
Ryan : Three days ago.
Castle : Three days ago, that's when his office was broken into.
Cynthia : Beau Randolph is distasteful, of course, but do you really think...
Beckett : I think that losing billions of dollars is motive for murder.
Ryan : So, not only is Beau Randolph
Ryan : the proud owner of a Smith & Wesson .45 automatic...
Beckett : Which is a large enough caliber
Beckett : to have created that entry wound in our victim.
Ryan : ...he also has a carry permit.
UNK: What? I couldn't even get a carry permit.
Castle : How did he get one? The hard way.
Ryan : Several guys saw their girlfriends in his videos, beat the hell out of him.
Castle : No longer jealous.
Beckett : The gun still doesn't tie him to our murder.
UNK: Yet, but this might. A charge on our vic's credit card.
UNK: At 6 : 30 this morning, he bought breakfast at Medusa Diner.
UNK: I talked to the waitress. Guess who was with him?
Boyd : Beau Randolph.
Esposito : And there was a whole lot of yelling going on.
UNK: 6 : 30. That's 10 minutes before Hamilton was shot.
UNK: Come on, Castle.
UNK: GIRLS GIGGLING
Cynthia : The Ambrosia Project. It sounds like a Robert Ludlum novel,