UNK: Shell casing would've ejected to the right.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: DINGS
UNK: PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY
UNK: GRUNTS Sorry.
Castle : Hey, where have you been? I called you.
UNK: Yeah, my phone's off. What's up?
UNK: Shell casing from the Wyatt sniper hide had a print on it.
Esposito : We just matched it
Esposito : to a former Special Forces sniper named Marcus Ford.
Castle : Just went through a bitter divorce.
Castle : Textbook trigger for that kind of violence.
Esposito : Ford runs a shooting range in Long Island.
Esposito : State police have a tactical team on the way to meet us there now.
Castle : Maybe it would be a good idea if we hung back here.
Castle : We'll study up on Ford, just prep for the interrogation.
Esposito : That's a good idea. We got it covered.
Beckett : Yeah, okay.
UNK: DINGS
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Our officers found a whole arsenal
Beckett : at your shooting range, Mr. Ford.
UNK: Marcus Ford : Last time I checked, I still have the right to bear arms.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you should know that Ballistics is testing your rifles.
Ford : Have at it. I didn't shoot anyone.
Castle : Well, that's not exactly true, is it?
Castle : According to your military record, you have 92 confirmed kills.
UNK: So?
Beckett : You looking to make it an even 100?
Beckett : What's it like to look through the scope?
Beckett : To play God?
Beckett : How do you feel when you pull that trigger
Beckett : and you destroy someone's life? BANGS
Ford : It's none of your damn business, is how it feels.
Beckett : You know what I think?
Beckett : I think that you should be on the other side of that barrel.
Ford : Is that a threat? Are you threatening me?
UNK: What are those people? Are they just paper targets to you?
Beckett : Do you even think about the pain that you've caused?
Beckett : About the families that you leave behind?
Ford : Every life I ever took saved one of ours.
UNK: Like hell it did!
Beckett : You know what I think? I think that you liked it.
Beckett : I think that you couldn't wait to kill again.
Ford : You're out of your mind, lady.
UNK: We found your print on the shell casing left by the sniper.
Ford : That's impossible.
Beckett : That is a lie!
FORD : I have nothing left to say.
Ford : I know my rights.
Esposito : None of Ford's weapons are a match.
Beckett : So? That doesn't mean he's not the sniper.
Beckett : He could have hidden the rifle.
GATES : Ford's not our man.
Gates : His alibis for both shootings are solid.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Gates : I think I know how to check an alibi, Detective.
Castle : Well, if he's not our man,
Castle : how the hell did his fingerprint get on that shell casing?
Esposito : Could be a reload.
Esposito : It's easy enough to load a new bullet
UNK: into an empty shell casing, like the one we found.
Esposito : All you need is the right equipment.
Castle : Which means our sniper is a client at Ford's shooting range.
Gates : Go back in there and get his help.
UNK: He's not gonna want to talk to us after the way you went after him.
Beckett : So what are you trying to say, that I screwed up?
Sarah : No. Um...
ESPOSITO : I think what he's saying is that you played bad cop.
UNK: And that we'll get more out of Ford if I go in and play good cop.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Esposito : Maybe Ford can get us what we need to nail this guy.
Esposito : Mr. Ford, my apologies.
UNK: OMINOUS MUSIC
UNK: PEOPLE SCREAMING
UNK: GUN FIRING Kate!
UNK: PEOPLE SCREAMING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Coffee?
Beckett : No, no, thanks.
Castle : It's decaf.
UNK: Look... Castle, I'm fine.
Castle : Right, but... No, really, I'm fine.
Beckett : What's in the folder?
Castle : CSU report on the paper doll This was not made by a kid.