Beckett : Police, stop!
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: BECKETT GASPING
Beckett : Put the gun down, Lee.
Lee : I have a job to do.
Beckett : Why don't you just call it what it is, okay?
Beckett : You shoot people in cold blood.
Lee : Those people deserve what they're getting.
Lee : God blessed them.
Lee : He gave to them and took from me.
Lee : My leg, my life.
Lee : How is that fair, huh? How is that right?
Beckett : Those people that you blame, they're no different from you.
Lee : You're just saying that 'cause you're one of them.
Esposito : You think my life is a picnic?
Beckett : I know what it feels like to be in those crosshairs.
Beckett : To feel the bullet burn through my chest.
Beckett : I know what it feels like to have my life leave my body.
Beckett : And I think you do, too.
Beckett : That's why you keep leaving those paper dolls behind
Beckett : because you're looking for somebody to help you find another way.
Lee : There is no other way.
Lee : Not anymore. It's too late.
UNK: No, no, no.
Beckett : There's always another way.
Beckett : I want to help you. I know that you're in pain
Beckett : and we can find a better voice for your pain.
Beckett : Please, just put that gun down. Just turn around.
UNK: No. Don't look at me. Just turn around.
UNK: No! Turn around!
UNK: No, if you're gonna shoot me you look at me in the eyes.
Beckett : Okay? And you look hard,
Beckett : because I'm not your enemy, I can't be.
Beckett : You and I have too much in common.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Lee : No, we don't.
Lee : I have a job to do.
Beckett : I'm sorry.
UNK: GUN FIRES
UNK: THUDDING
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : Just waiting for my partner.
Castle : Maybe you've seen her.
Castle : Pretty girl.
Castle : Thinks she can leap tall buildings in a single bound.
Castle : Carries the weight of the world on her shoulders,
Castle : yet still manages to laugh at some of my jokes.
Beckett : She sounds like a handful.
Castle : Tell me about it.
Castle : Anyway, if you do see her,
Castle : tell her she owes me about 100 coffees.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Thank you.
Gates : For what?
Beckett : For not pushing, giving me the space to get through this.
UNK: Always.
UNK: DR. BURKE : So, how do you feel now that Lee Travis is dead?
Beckett : I thought that taking him down would resolve things,
Beckett : but it's still there.
UNK: Dr. Burke : Because you haven't fully dealt with what happened to you.
Beckett : No, I felt it before the shooting.
Beckett : I think it's always been there, deep inside, since that night.
UNK: Dr. Burke : The night your mom was killed?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : I've let it define me, drive me.
Beckett : It's made me who I am.
Beckett : But now...
Beckett : But now?
Beckett : I want to be more than who I am.
Beckett : But I don't know if I know how to do that without letting my mom down.
UNK: Dr. Burke : She's dead, Kate. You can't let her down.
UNK: Dr. Burke : The only person you can let down is yourself.
UNK: Her death is a part of you.
UNK: And you're gonna have to make peace with that,
UNK: just like you're gonna have to make peace with the scars from your shooting.
UNK: Dr. Burke : But it doesn't have to limit you.
Beckett : How am I supposed to let go?
UNK: Dr. Burke : I can help you.
UNK: Dr. Burke : But the question is,
UNK: Dr. Burke : are you ready?
Beckett : Yeah, I think I am.