Julie : Oh, my God!
Beckett : Does it ID the next victim?
Castle : Not victim.
UNK: Victims.
UNK: The patrol unit found Lee's car.
Beckett : These were in the trunk.
UNK: Any sign of the gun? No.
Gates : All right, listen up. I want all units on tactical alert.
Gates : Lee Travis is out there right now with his weapon,
Gates : intending to kill multiple victims.
Gates : And given that the first three were shot in the morning,
Gates : we don't have a lot of time. ELEVATOR DINGS
Castle : I got it.
Gates : You know where he cut the chain of dolls from?
Castle : I convinced them to let me into the museum early.
UNK: I compared the dol Is to all the paintin gs in their collection.
Castle : It's called Lions in the Meadow.
Gates : The only meadow I know of in New York
Gates : is in Central Park.
Beckett : We should assume that Travis is already in position.
Beckett : If we start clearing the park, he might start firing.
Castle : Whoever these dozen victims are,
UNK: he's targeting them for the same reason he went after the others.
UNK: So we can assume they areal part of the same group.
Gates : Beckett, take everyone we can spare, head for the park.
UNK: I want you in place and ready to move when we figure this out.
Gates : Ryan, get on the phone to the Parks Department.
Gates : Find out what they have scheduled there this morning.
Beckett : Castle, you coming?
Castle : I'm more useful here, helping Ryan figure out who the targets are.
Castle : You got this.
Castle : All that tree cover is gonna make it hard
Castle : for him to target any large area of the park.
Gates : Also, the buildings on the east and we st sides of the park
UNK: are high-end apartments, with doormen.
Ryan : Which means he would have to shoot
Castle : from the south end of the park.
UNK: I just got off the phone with the Parks Department.
Ryan : There's over a dozen events planned in Central Park today.
Castle : Anything on the south end?
Ryan : Nature Sanctuary tour
UNK: and celebration for Western High School.
Ryan : Their track team just won the state championship.
Ryan : They should be on their way into the park right now.
UNK: Wait, Western High School is three blocks away from the coffee shop.
Castle : Their team is called the Lions.
UNK: Lee must've heard one of the parents or students
Gates : boasting about winning that meet.
UNK: How are they getting to the park? Coming in by bus.
Gates : I'll call ESU. Ryan, you need to stop that bus.
UNK: MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: ALL CHEERING
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
Beckett : They said the school has a bus unloading
Beckett : at the Grand Army Plaza entrance at the park.
Beckett : ESU told Gates that these two buildings
UNK: have the best vantage poin for the sniper.
UNK: How long till ESU counter-snipers get here?
UNK: Ten minutes, so search all of the floors above the 20th. Let's go!
UNK: Come on, come on.
UNK: RINGING
Ryan : Answer your phone, damn it!