Castle : So what helped you?
Beckett : Espo, what are we doing back here?
Esposito : I want to show you something.
Beckett : What is that?
UNK: The rifle that shot you.
Beckett : You are way out of line.
Esposito : Just look at it.
Beckett : What the hell are you doing?
Esposito : I've been where you are, I know what you're going through.
Beckett : Javi, I'm fine. You're not fine.
Esposito : You're just trying to act like you are.
Esposito : This is just a tool.
Esposito : It's a hunk of steel.
Esposito : It has no magical powers,
Esposito : and the person that fired it is not some all-powerful God.
Esposito : Just a guy with a gun.
Esposito : Just like the guy we're hunting now.
Esposito : And like every other bad guy he's damaged goods.
Beckett : So am I.
Esposito : That's right.
Esposito : And that's okay.
Esposito : You think it's a weakness?
Esposito : Make it a strength.
Esposito : It's a part of you.
Esposito : So use it.
UNK: SNIFFLING
Gates : Any idea why the sniper targeted Emily Reese?
Ryan : Not yet. She was a VP at a telecom company.
Ryan : Single, just bought an apartment on West 96th.
Ryan : No known connectio ns to the other vics,
Ryan : but we do know he was following her.
Gates : Castle, what do you have?
CASTLE : You're looking at a video taken from Emily's lobby yesterday at 1 : 40.
UNK: That's four hours after he shot Wyatt.
UNK: There's Emily, getting into the elevator.
Gates : There he is. That's our guy.
Castle : Yeah, unfortunately, we still can't see his face.
Gates : What is he waiting for?
Ryan : He's watching to see what floor she'd get off on.
Ryan : He knew exactly where she was gonna be.
Ryan : It's a miracle Emily's not dead.
UNK: It's not a miracle. It's poor planning.
Esposito : Turns out our snip er used the wrong ammo.
Esposito : The 168 grain loses stability when it goes through glass.
Esposito : The 165 is designed for that kind of shot.
Esposito : He didn't know that,
Esposito : which means he has less experience than we thought.
Gates : Okay, we need to go back to the suspect list,
Gates : cross off all law enforcement shooters
Gates : and any combat vets with urban experience.
Castle : Is it just me,
Castle : or is his coffee cup identical to Emily's?
Ryan : Same logo. It's from the same shop.
Gates : Zoom in on that. CLICKING
UNK: "Caffe Primo."
UNK: He must've followed her from there.
Ryan : If he's a customer, maybe someone can ID him.
Castle : There's only one Caffe Primo.
Castle : It's on 47th Street,
UNK: two blocks from the Grace Point Tower where Emily worked.
Gates : Okay, we need to find out
Gates : if any of the other victims have a connection to that shop.
Lanie : All right.
Gates : Where's Beckett?
Esposito : She's running down a lead.