UNK: Kate Beckett : I'll call you later. Bye.
UNK: Richard Castle : Who was that? Personal business, Castle.
Castle : Really? Who is it? Inquiring minds want to know.
Beckett : Yeah, well, if you must know, his name is Roger.
UNK: SCOFFS Roger. Don't make fun.
Beckett : Do you know what he has that few men have?
Castle : A Josh Groban CD? Hummel figurines?
Beckett : No, not even close.
Beckett : Roger has the most incredible resistance band.
UNK: A resistance band? What is that? Is that what I think it is?
Beckett : For strength training. He's my physical therapist.
Castle : Oh! I had no idea you were still going.
Beckett : Yeah, for another few weeks. Till I get 100%.
Beckett : Hey, good morning. Morning.
UNK: So, what've we got?
Esposito : Victim's name is Sarah Vasquez.
UNK: She's a 28-year-old kindergarten teacher.
Esposito : She and a classmate were leaving this yoga studio
Esposito : when Sarah suddenly dropped.
Beckett : Bullet wound straight to the heart.
Esposito : Yeah, what's weird is no one heard a shot
Esposito : or saw a shooter.
Beckett : Maybe the weap on was silenced.
Castle : Maybe it was a stray bullet.
UNK: I just read an article how a mailman in Portland was killed
Castle : when a bullet fired into the air
UNK: six blocks away fell back to Earth.
UNK: Lanie Parish : This bullet didn't just drop from the sky and hit Sarah Vasquez.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Angle's wrong.
UNK: Lanie Parish : It went through her from front to back,
UNK: Lanie Parish : not from up to down.
Beckett : Can you tell us point of origin?
Lanie : Not until I do a full exam.
Beckett : Was yoga a regular thing for Sarah?
UNK: Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7 : 00 a.m., before school started.
UNK: Okay, let's look into enemie and anyone that knew she was here.
ESPOSITO : Right.
UNK: MAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO
UNK: Chris Nunez : We just got engaged last month.
UNK: Chris Nunez : She was so excited about planning the wedding.
Beckett : Chris, was there anyone that might have wanted to hurt Sarah?
UNK: No.
Castle : Maybe an old boyfriend who was upset about the wedding?
Chris : She didn't have anyone like that in her life.
UNK: Everyone loved Sarah.
UNK: Wait, she did mention something last night about a guy.
Beckett : Someone she knew?
Sarah : No. Uh...
Chris : She said she saw him a few days ago outside the school,
UNK: and then Tuesday morning she said
Chris : she thought she saw him when she got out of yoga.
Beckett : Did she tell you what he looked like?
UNK: STAMMERS I can't remember.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Looks like Sarah's yoga routine was common knowledge.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : She even posted about it on Facebook.
UNK: Joked that she was gonna fit into that dress if it killed her.
UNK: PHONE RINGING Well, somebody was following her,
Beckett : so let's talk to her frien and co-workers
Beckett : and see if they saw a strange man hanging around.
Ryan : On it.
UNK: Beckett.
ESPOSITO : Lanie's got something. You should get down here.
Lanie : The bullet that killed Sarah Vasquez is a .308,
UNK: specifically a 168 grain Sierra MatchKing.
Beckett : A rifle bullet.
UNK: It's a common ammunition, favored by
UNK: long-range shooters.
Beckett : So she was shot from a distance?
Lanie : Based on her wound, and how deep it went into the doorframe,
Lanie : I'd say the bullet was fired
Lanie : between two and 300 yards away.
Castle : Two hundred yards?
Castle : Do we have any idea where from, exactly?
ESPOSITO : We're canvassing.
Esposito : Near as we can figure,
Esposito : the shooter fired from one of these buildings,
Esposito : somewhere between the 10th and 15th floor.
Beckett : You guys, you don't have to avoid the word on my account.
Esposito : What word? Sniper.
Castle : Even I noticed.
Lanie : We weren't avoiding anything.
Esposito : It was her idea. She... BECKETT : Look, guys.
Beckett : I'm a big girl, so let's just cut to the chase.
Beckett : How good is this guy?
Esposito : Well, he's as good as any of the shooter...
UNK: Snipers in my unit.
Esposito : He took out a moving target from a quarter of a mile away.
Beckett : Did she feel it?
Lanie : No, she died instantly.
Beckett : So then, I guess the question is,
UNK: why did our sniper target Sarah?
Beckett : Any leads on the guy that she said was following her?
Esposito : No one in her circle remembers seeing the guy,
Esposito : and she didn't mention him to anyone but her fiance.
Castle : Maybe he didn't have anything to do with it.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Usually we find our killer by knowing our victims, finding a motive.
Castle : But what if there isn't one?