Beckett : No, you don't understand. I need to be okay.
UNK: Dr. Carver Burke : That's not always a choice, Kate.
UNK: Dr. Carver Burke : What you're describing, hypervigilance,
UNK: it's a classic symptom of post-traumatic stress disorder.
Beckett : I don't have PTSD.
UNK: Dr. Burke : You were shot, by a sniper.
UNK: I think it's fair to say this case is going to bring up issues,
UNK: Dr. Burke : issues you still haven't dealt with.
Beckett : Okay, then fine, I'll deal with them.
Ryan : Right now, I need to figure out how to make this stop.
UNK: Dr. Burke : It's not going to stop. Not without time and treatment.
UNK: Dr. Burke : The psychological trauma is every bit as real as the physical trauma.
UNK: Listen, people are dying out there.
Beckett : I don't have time to get all weepy over a couple of scars.
UNK: Okay, so what's the alternative?
UNK: Dr. Burke : Walking around feeling like you have crosshairs on your back?
UNK: Thinking every glint off a window is a sniper scope?
Beckett : Look, there's got to be a pill out there, or something, right?
Beckett : Something to take the edge off.
UNK: Dr. Burke : Medication can help, but not right away.
Beckett : Well, then what?
UNK: Dr. Burke : Well, for one,
UNK: Dr. Burke : I think you should consider stepping away from the case.
Beckett : You don't think I can handle this?
UNK: Dr. Burke : I'm saying, you don't have to.
UNK: Dr. Burke : You're not the only cop in the city, Kate.
Beckett : Okay, then, you know what?
Beckett : I'm fine.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : How worried should I be about Beckett?
Castle : She's never snapped at me like that before.
Castle : And meant it.
Esposito : Hell, it was bad for me when I came back, and I never took a bullet.
Castle : Well, at least she doesn't remember it.
Esposito : Or she doesn't want to remember.
Esposito : A thing like that, it's easier to just keep in a box.
Esposito : This case might bust that box open.
Castle : So what can we do?
Ryan : Catch the shooter. He's right.
Esposito : Best thing for everyone, Beckett included.
Esposito : In the meantime, just give her space, and don't take it personally.
UNK: Hey, guys, check this out.
UNK: This is two days ago, at 4 : 30 p.m.
ESPOSITO : He planted the flag.
UNK: He's got to be our shooter.
Castle : He knows where the camera is that's why he keeps his face covered.
Ryan : Why choose this street?
Ryan : Why not pick a place without any security cameras?
Esposito : 'Cause he's straight up taunting us.
UNK: PRINTER BEEPS
Ryan : I'll run this photo by victims' co-workers and friends,
Ryan : see if anyone recognizes him.
Castle : He is not going to make it easy for us to catch him, is he?
Esposito : No, he's smart, and he's patient.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
Esposito : It's part of a sniper's DNA.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Don't go in. Call CSU. I'll be there in 10.
Esposito : Uniform just found where the sniper shot Henry Wyatt from.
UNK: Yep.
Esposito : Here's the crime scene.
UNK: Six hundred yards.
UNK: World-class shot, but it's all wrong.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: The view of the kill zone is partially obstructed by that tree.
UNK: Better shot would've been from the roof.
UNK: Our boy would know that.
Castle : So why wouldn't he take the shot from up there?
Esposito : It's possible he was worried about being seen
Esposito : by someone in a taller building, or a passing helicopter.
Esposito : What's that? Little paper doll.
UNK: You think maybe it was left by the sniper?
Esposito : Or one of the workmen's kids.
Castle : So the sniper took the shot from this window?
UNK: No.
Esposito : He would have wanted to be invisible from the street.
Esposito : He would have taken the shot from right here.
Esposito : He took his time.
UNK: To spot that flag.
UNK: Adjust it for wind,
Esposito : acquired his target...
UNK: CLICKING Bam!
UNK: SHELL CLATTERS