UNK: It was cut out very precisel with an X-Acto knife.
UNK: Out of what? A magazine?
Castle : No, the paper stock is too heavy.
Castle : And given there's nothing printed on the back,
Castle : it's probably from some high-end
Castle : coffee table book of some kind.
Castle : My guess, a book of paintings.
Castle : If you look closely, you can see brush strokes.
Castle : I think the sniper left that.
BECKETT : Why would he do that?
Castle : That much, I don't know.
Esposito : Yo, Marcus Ford was no help.
Esposito : He couldn't ID the guy in the video.
Esposito : We're pulling his credit card receipts,
UNK: but he says that the shooting range is mostly a cash business.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Where?
Beckett : Okay, we're on our way.
Beckett : Ryan found the building the sniper shot Sarah Vasquez from.
Ryan : Super recognized the jacket from the photo,
Ryan : said he'd been hanging around the building.
Beckett : How do we know he was in this room?
Ryan : Because we found another one of these.
Esposito : This is it. He shot Sarah Vasquez from right here.
Castle : This is different from the first one.
Castle : Must be from a different painting.
Castle : They've got to mean something.
Beckett : Yeah, like what? What's it possibly gonna mean?
Castle : I don't know, but he's leaving them for a reason.
Beckett : Yeah, he's screwing with us.
Beckett : He's just taunting us and trying to make us look like idiots.
Ryan : Hey, we'll figure it out, okay?
Esposito : Found something.
UNK: Moleskin.
Esposito : Hardcore military snipers put it on the stocks of their weapons
Esposito : to absorb sweat so their rifles don't slip.
Ryan : If there's sweat, we can get DNA.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : All right, go.
UNK: This is where it all started.
UNK: He pulled that trigger right in this room.
UNK: One second Sarah Vasquez is alive and dreaming of the perfect wedding.
UNK: And then she isn't.
UNK: Kate...
Beckett : You know, he saw her face when he killed her.
Beckett : People always think that snipers are so removed from their targets.
Beckett : But he wasn't.
Beckett : He was as close as we are right now, looking through that scope.
Castle : We're gonna catch this guy.
Beckett : Yeah, like we caught the guy that shot me.
UNK: GUN FIRES
UNK: SCREAMS
UNK: PEOPLE SHOUTING
UNK: GASPS
UNK: BEEPS
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: WOMAN SCREAMS
UNK: Martha Rogers : Oh, darling, I hope you haven't been up all night.
UNK: Yeah, I couldn't sleep.
Castle : Two days, two people dead.
Castle : Someone out there is waking up
Castle : not knowing they're going to be murder number three.
UNK: Alexis Castle : I think I just decided to skip school today.
UNK: Actually, I think you're bot under house arrest until we catch this guy.
UNK: I can only imagine how this sniper must be affecting Beckett.
Castle : She says she's fine.
UNK: So what are you gonna do?
Castle : The only thing I can do.
Castle : Try to figure out why he's leaving these damn dolls behind.
Castle : If I could just figure out what painting they're from.
Alexis : Let me see.
UNK: Chiaroscuro.
Castle : You recognize that?
Alexis : It's a style of painting that was invented during the Renaissance,
Alexis : exemplified by strong contrasts between light and dark.
Alexis : We learned about it in Art History.
Alexis : Try looking up Caravaggio or Peterzano.
UNK: TAPPING ON KEYBOARD
Castle : Can I just say, this school of yours is worth every penny I paid.
Castle : Hey, this might be it.
UNK: "Peterzano. The Persecution of Kings."