Marcus : And I'm not talking about his dog-training business, either.
Beckett : Then what are you talking about?
Marcus : I drove back there to check on the signal, all right?
Marcus : Thought maybe I could find out when the dog was going back to Kay.
Marcus : The things I heard that Francisco guy talking about?
Marcus : Yeah, he was into some sketchy stuff.
UNK: Really, bro? You're gonna sit here and call someone else sketchy?
Marcus : Listen to what I'm saying, all right?
Marcus : The guy was talking about shipments from Argentina.
Marcus : Getting past Customs. Street values?
CASTLE : Drugs?
UNK: And it seems to fit his travel.
Ryan : In addition to his international trips,
UNK: made a lot of flights to Boston, New Orleans, Seattle, Long Beach, Miami.
Castle : All port cities. Exactly.
Beckett : The international travel to judge dog shows. That's a perfect cover.
Castle : So our dog trainer was a drug courier.
Castle : No wonder he was so paranoid about being bugged.
Beckett : Then that warehouse that we saw?
Esposito : Breeding facility, my ass.
BECKETT : The "Pilar Retriever"?
UNK: It's a pretty good story, right?
Patterson : Hey, I had to get you out of there somehow.
Beckett : Mr. Patterson, I don't think you understand how serious this is.
Beckett : We're in the process of obtaining a warrant.
Beckett : We're going to search that warehouse from top to bottom.
Castle : And we've got a pretty good idea of what we're gonna find in there.
UNK: Well, I'll tell you exactly what you'll find.
Patterson : Suitcases with false bottoms for smuggling drugs through Customs.
Patterson : About two kilos of pure Argentinean heroin.
UNK: And the best drug-sniffing dogs we've ever had.
Patterson : My name's not Jack Patterson.
UNK: Kenny Weizer, U.S. Customs agent.
Patterson : You got any coffee?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : So Francisco was training drug-sniffing dogs?
KENNY : His methods were amazing.
Wiser : Personally handled deployment
Wiser : wherever we thought the shipment was coming in.
Castle : Which explains all that travel to those port cities
UNK: and the payments and the secrecy.
Wiser : Yeah, sorry about giving you the runaround at the warehouse,
Wiser : but when you're dealing with the cartels, you can't be too careful.
Beckett : So that's why you gave us Kay Cappuccio's name.
UNK: Because you thought she bugged Francisco.
Wiser : Yeah, we couldn't really launch an investigation
Wiser : without tipping our hand in the Vasquez operation,
Wiser : so I figured I'd tell you what I know, see where you could get.
Beckett : Vasquez? That's out of Argentina, right?
Beckett : It's a huge heroin smuggling family.
UNK: Agent Weizer, what are Francisco's do gs trained to do
Castle : when they smell drugs?
Wiser : They paw at the ground. Why?
Castle : Because that's what Royal was doing.
Castle : So I guess that dog therapist was right,
Barker : he was trying to tell us something.
Castle : He smelled drugs on our killer!
KENNY : Well, that makes sense.
Wiser : The Vasquez cartel had a hell of a lot to gain from Francisco's death.
Wiser : His program was costing them a fortune in intercepted shipments.
Beckett : Which is why they wanted eyes and ears on Francisco.
Beckett : They wanted to figure out how the Customs operation worked.
Castle : But once Francisco realized he was under surveillance,
Castle : they knew he was onto them.
Wiser : So they got someone to finish him off.
Wiser : Probably the same person who wired Kay Cappuccio's dog collar.
CASTLE : Whoever wired up that dog collar had to have three things.
Castle : One, access to the dog.
Castle : Two, knowledge that Francisco would be training that dog.
Castle : Three, some connection to the Vasquez cartel.
UNK: SNIFFING
Castle : The intersection of these three circles
Castle : holds the identity of our killer.
Esposito : He's doing that thing again.
Beckett : Yeah, but I don't have any heroin on me, Castle.
Castle : Why would he react like that? Unless...
Castle : Beckett, are you wearing perfume?
Castle : And just for future reference, I am partial to Fracas.
Beckett : Listen, don't flatter yourself, okay?
Beckett : I just spritzed some of this stuff that Kay sent over in the gift basket.
Castle : Why would he react to that?
Beckett : Because the main ingredient is essence of poppy flower.
Esposito : And heroin is made from morphine,
Esposito : which comes from the opium poppy.
Esposito : Guys, what if at the crime scene,
Esposito : he was pawing not at drugs, but at the scent of that perfume?
Beckett : Yeah, but this perfume hasn't even come out yet.
Castle : I mean, who would be wearing it?
Castle : Only one person.
Esposito : Not Kay!
Castle : Well, she was at the crime scene.
Esposito : Castle, we're not talking about paparazzi and celebrities,
UNK: we're dealing with a drug cartel.
UNK: Okay, well, let's remember what we're looking for.
Castle : One, access to the dog. Check.
Castle : Two, knowledge that Francisco was training the dog. Check.
Castle : Only thing we're missing is a connection to the cartel.
UNK: SIGHS Guys, I think I might have our link.
Ryan : Kay Cappuccio shot a commercial in Argentina six months ago.
UNK: So? Argentina's a big country.
Esposito : It doesn't mean that she's connected to the Vasquez family.
RYAN : But this does.
Ryan : She stayed at the compound of Junior Vasquez, first lieutenant of the cartel.
Beckett : She's the one.