UNK: Uh-huh. Paranoia or not, Francisco thought he w as under surveillance.
UNK: Okay, so Francisco was worried that he was being bugged.
UNK: And then yesterday, somewhere around 11 : 00 a.m., he runs off,
Beckett : right around the time that Kay's assistant
UNK: said that he started acting paranoid.
Esposito : Then a few hours later, he's murdered.
Beckett : So then where the hell did he go?
Esposito : You know, we've got Francisco's cell phone in Evidence.
Esposito : If the GPS was turned on, it might tell us exactly where he went.
UNK: DR. PATTY : Yes, that's right. I know. I know you are.
Barker : The poor thing is just traumatized. How was he when you found him?
UNK: They said that he was pawing at the ground.
UNK: The man from Sunfare said that was a sign of bereavement.
UNK: Royal. Royal, look at what I'm doing.
UNK: MOANS SOFTLY
Barker : That's right. I know it is.
Barker : He was trying to tell you something. Something important.
UNK: Really? You can tell all that from...
Barker : Royal, look at me.
Barker : I know. I know you're hurt. You're confused.
Barker : You're dealing with abandonment issues.
Barker : There's a lot to break through here. This could take some time.
Castle : Tell me, did Francisco ever observe you during your sessions?
Barker : No, he waited outside. Why?
Castle : No reason.
Esposito : According to his phone,
Esposito : this is the place Francisco went yesterday before the dog show.
Esposito : Maybe it was to meet his gambling contacts.
Beckett : Couldn't he just do this over the phone?
Esposito : Not if he was being bugged.
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : Remember what else Francisco had in his pocket?
UNK: BEEPS DOOR UNLOCKS
ESPOSITO : What is this place?
BECKETT : Looks like some kind of a kennel.
Esposito : Yeah, I see the cages. But where are the...
UNK: DOGS GROWLING
UNK: Shepherds.
Epsosito : Okay, listen, a friend of mine had one of these.
Epsosito : They smell fear.
Epsosito : So don't flinch. Whatever you do, don't...
UNK: BARKING Run!
UNK: BECKETT SCREAMS
ESPOSITO : Go!
UNK: Move! Move!
UNK: BOTH EXCLAIMING FEARFULLY
Esposito : Okay, okay.
UNK: DOGS PANTING
UNK: Jack Patterson : What the hell are you doing in my warehouse?
Beckett : Detectives Beckett and Esposito. NYPD.
Patterson : You got a warrant?
Esposito : Who are you?
Patterson : Jack Patterson. I work for Francisco Pilar. Did, anyway.
Beckett : What do you want?
Beckett : We're investigating his murder. What t he hell is this place?
Patterson : Francisco was breeding a new type of designer dog, the Pilar Retriever.
Patterson : I managed the operation when he was traveling. It was a real tragedy.
UNK: Guy spends his whole life developing a dog.
Patterson : He was almost ready to unveil it, too.
Beckett : How well did you know Francisco?
ESPOSITO : Yeah, did he have a gambling hobby?
Esposito : Possibly took some bribes from the wrong people?
Patterson : Francisco didn't have hobbies. His whole life was his work.
Patterson : And it was honest work.
Esposito : Yeah, well, the thing is,
Esposito : Francisco made a bunch of major cash deposits into an account.
Patterson : Let me guess, 10 grand each, right?
Patterson : Word was leaking out about the Pilar Retriever.
Patterson : People were stopping Francisco at dog shows,
Patterson : giving him cash just to reserve a pup from the first litter.
Beckett : Any idea why he rushed over here yesterday?
Patterson : Actually, yeah. He showed up with a bug detector,
Patterson : started sweeping the place.
UNK: Why would anyone wanna put a kennel under surveillance?
Esposito : I don't know.
Patterson : Well, his breeding and training methods were closely guarded secrets.
Patterson : And the Pilar Retriever was making his competitors very nervous.
Beckett : Anyone specific?
Patterson : It sounded crazy at the time,
UNK: but he thought one of his dog-training clients
Patterson : was in business with someone who was trying to infiltrate our operation.
Beckett : And did he tell you which client?
Reporter : Kay Cappuccio? Why would she steal Francisco's secrets?