UNK: all with no discernible talent to account for it?
Castle : Even more perplexing. Why in almost every photo is she posed like this?
Castle : Oh, guys, sorry, no time for photos.
Castle : Okay, maybe just one.
Paparazzo : Hey, that's not Jason Bateman.
UNK: PHOTOGRAPHERS GROAN IN DISAPPOINTMENT
Castle : That's getting old.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
Reggie : You two must be the soft drink people, right?
Beckett : Actually, no. We are NYPD. We're here to speak with Kay Cappuccio.
Reggie : Oh, my bad. Why don't you just grab a squat right over there?
Lanie : Excuse me?
Reggie : Phoebe will bring you a goji-berry juice.
Beckett : You know what? I think I have a better idea.
UNK: Everybody, take five.
REGGIE : Whoa! Hold on a second.
Reggie : Kay Cappuccio doesn't have five to spare.
Castle : How about fifteen to twenty?
UNK: And that goji-berry juice sounds delightful.
Kay : Sure, I knew Francisco.
UNK: I hired him to do two weeks of behavior training with my dog.
UNK: Our show is gonna start shooting again soon
Kay : and Lolita has some minor aggression issues I wanted taken care of.
Castle : This little charmer? I find it hard to believe.
UNK: BARKING
Castle : I assume you asked for your money back.
Kay : I never paid him.
Kay : He brought her back yesterday morning after just a few days.
Kay : Said he didn't want to work with me.
Kay : So, are we done here?
Kay : 'Cause I have fittings, a couple endorsement meetings,
UNK: like, three red carpets I have to show up at.
Beckett : And I've got a witness that places you at the murder scene. So sit down.
UNK: Sure.
Beckett : Now why did you go to see Francisco after the dog show last night?
Kay : I wanted an explanation as to why he wouldn't train Lolita.
Castle : And what did he tell you?
Kay : I would so much rather not go into it.
BECKETT : We've got a video of you leaving Francisco's dressing room
Beckett : right around the time of the murder.
UNK: So "not going into it" is not an option.
Kay : Fine. We didn't talk about anythin because he was already dead.
Beckett : You found the body?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And you didn't call 911?
Kay : No, I did. As soon as I got into the limo.
Kay : No harm, no foul, right?
Beckett : You fled a crime scene!
UNK: All right, have you heard the phrase,
UNK: "There's no such thing as bad press"?
Kay : Having your picture taken with a dead guy is the exception.
Kay : I have to be so careful with my image. My image is all that I have.
Castle : Yeah, no, we were just talking about that.
Beckett : Ms. Cappuccio, when Francisco brought your dog back,
Beckett : was he acting unusual, at all?
Kay : Oh, I didn't see him. He showed up in the middle of my 10 : 00 a.m. workout.
Phoebe : I was here, so I took Lolita.
Phoebe : But you're right, the guy was acting weird.
Phoebe : He kept saying, "Who is she working for?
UNK: "I know she's working for somebody."
Phoebe : He seemed really paranoid.
Castle : Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
Kay : No clue. That's why I went to go talk with him.
UNK: Okay. Well, I guess then we are done. For now.
UNK: Just stay available for questioning.
Kay : Oh, my God, like I'm gonna go anywhere?
Kay : I can't take one step without a million people taking my picture.
Beckett : Well, it's no mystery why someone
Beckett : wouldn't want to be in business with Kay,
UNK: but why did Francisco think that she was working for someone?
CASTLE : Especially since her whole life is about not working.