Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : A million dollars, it's a pretty powerful incentive.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : When did you get that collar?
Kay : A few weeks ago.
UNK: The camera would've had to be installed since then,
Castle : which would mean they would need access to your dog.
Kay : Lolita is barely ever out of my sight.
Kay : Only when she goes on her walk. Or to the groomers.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna need the names of all of those people,
Beckett : along with your house staff.
UNK: We're gonna want to run background checks on all of them.
Castle : In the meantime, we should keep the collar-cam active.
Castle : We don't want whoever's behind this to know we're onto them.
Beckett : Right, which means just go about your regular routine.
Castle : Just try to keep your private moments, well, private.
BECKETT : Look, if Kay was the actual target of the surveillance,
Beckett : what does any of this have to do with Francisco's murder?
Castle : What if Francisco discovers the collar is rigged?
Castle : He returns the dog to Kay,
UNK: but doesn't get a chance to confront her about it at the time.
UNK: But whoever's monitoring the feed, hoping to see her naked,
Castle : hears Kay say that she intends to talk to Francisco after the show.
UNK: So then they killed him to keep him quiet?
Esposito : This is paparazzi we're talking about.
UNK: I can see one of those scum killing for a fat paycheck.
Beckett : So if we find whoever bugged that collar,
Beckett : then we might be able to find our killer?
Castle : Well, we could go through recent photos of Kay, you know,
Castle : from tabloids, gossip websites, and see if s he can identify any of them
Castle : as being from the collar-cam.
Beckett : And then there might be a trail that leads back to the guilty party.
UNK: So we're gonna have to find somebody to pull all those photos.
Esposito : I'll do it.
Castle : Got a little case of puppy love there, Esposito?
UNK: SCOFFS
Beckett : You do realize that she's got a serious boyfriend, right?
UNK: Who? Reggie? SCOFFS
UNK: He was a backup dancer in her fitness video.
Esposito : I mean, I don't even know what she's doing with that knucklehead.
UNK: ESPOSITO MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Looks like Esposito isn't the only frustrated dog in the precinct.
Castle : Who closed him up in there?
UNK: Oh, he needed to take a nap. But he can't stay there overnight.
Castle : I could take him home with me.
Castle : Alexis is gone for the weekend, and I could use the company.
UNK: Or I could take him home.
Castle : I mean, I've been thinking about getting a dog,
Beckett : this might be a great chance at a trial run.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Yeah, all right then. I guess you could take him.
UNK: I mean, I don't want you to feel lonely.
Castle : Well, I could flip you for it.
Beckett : No Roshambo?
Castle : Well, I mean, that would put you at an unfair disadvantage.
Castle : I'm pretty good at that game.
UNK: Come on, Castle. Let's go.
UNK: All right. Just so you kno there's strategies in this game that...
Ryan : Two out of three Mmm-hmm?
Castle : Three out of five?
UNK: Sure.
Beckett : You know, there is another way that we can go about this.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
UNK: LAUGHING
Beckett : Castle, you were supposed to be here over an hour ago.
UNK: It's called "Shared custody, not "Show-up-when-you-want custody."
Castle : Yeah. I thought I had everything together,
Castle : but at the last minute, I could not find Mr. Squeaky.
UNK: TOY SQUEAKING
Castle : So don't worry about feeding him.
Castle : I had a rib eye I couldn't finish.
Beckett : You fed him a steak?
Castle : Yeah, don't worry, we worked it off.
Castle : He played fetch in the hall
Castle : and then we watched so me Beverly Hills Chihuahua.
UNK: And, boy, this guy, this guy is a snuggler.
Beckett : And I bet you let him sit on your couch, didn't you?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : No, it's okay. You can be the fun one, and I'll just be the bad guy,
Beckett : because there is no way that you are shedding all over my couch.
Castle : Oh, no, he's perfectly happy right there.
Castle : Oh! And he loves it when you rub him right between the eyes,
Castle : just little circles with your thumb,
UNK: just like this, not too hard, just...
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Yeah, there's... You get it.
Castle : Yeah. All right! You guys have fun.
Castle : Don't miss me too much. The dog, not you.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: DOOR SHUTS
UNK: Okay. Come on, right here. TOY SQUEAKING
UNK: Come on, right here. Come on.
Beckett : You're so cute!
KAY : I never thought I would say this,
UNK: but I am so sick of looking at myself right now.
Kay : I can't even imagi ne how you must feel.