Beckett : Turns out, having a mascot in the precinct can be pretty useful.
UNK: So I was thinking for tonight, maybe you take him home
UNK: and I'll swing by to pick him up, maybe 9 : 30?
UNK: Oh, I don't know, Castle.
Beckett : I don't know if this whole splitting time thing is a good long-term solution.
UNK: Or what then, alternating nights? Weekends, weekdays?
Beckett : I think it'll just confuse the poor guy.
Castle : God knows he's had enough therapy.
Beckett : I think he deserves one home.
UNK: Oh! I see where this is going.
UNK: BLOWING
Beckett : No. No, no Roshambo.
Castle : You got a better idea?
Beckett : I think we should let Royal decide.
Beckett : We go to opposite ends of the room.
Beckett : And wherever he goes, that's home.
Castle : Let's do it.
Castle : Let's do it. Sit down. Sit down.
UNK: Good boy. Stay there. Stay there.
Kay : All right.
UNK: Ready?
UNK: Ready.
UNK: Come here, boy.
Beckett : Come over here, Royal. Come here, Royal.
UNK: Come on, come over here, boy. Come right here.
UNK: It's a big decision,
Castle : but I know you'll make the right one. Royal, who loves you?
UNK: Come on! My couch is super comfortable.
UNK: Come on, buddy. Come right over here, baby.
Beckett : You know in your heart.
UNK: Come on, Royal. Who's beautiful?
UNK: Man's best friend. Man's!
Kay : Looks like he's made his choice and it's me!
UNK: BARKING
UNK: You have such good taste, Royal!
Kay : Hi, buddy. You have very good taste. Hi, buddy.
BECKETT : Are you sure you want to take him?
Castle : Yeah, maybe we should do two out of three.
KAY : Yes! Lolita and I need a big, strong man around the house.
Kay : Especially one as loyal as this. Right, bud?
Kay : Royal, you are officially a Cappuccio now.
Kay : And you have been so sweet.
UNK: LAUGHS Oh!
Esposito : You know, I know that the paparazzi can be very vicious sometimes.
Esposito : So if you ever need anything, and I mean anything at all,
Esposito : you know where to find me.
UNK: I just might take you up on that one day.
BECKETT : Well, you know what? I mean, I'm sure it's for the best.
UNK: He would have been lonely at my place. There's nobody to play with.
Castle : Yeah, mine, too.
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : They do look like they enjoy each other.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: SNIFFING
Castle : Hey, sweetheart. How was your trip?
Alexis : We had fun. Miss me?
Castle : Terribly. But I did manage to have a good time without you
Castle : with my new friend Royal, the dog.
Alexis : You got a dog?
Castle : No, but I was looking after him for a while. But it made me think,
Castle : all those times when you were little,
Castle : how you begged me for a do and I refused because...
Alexis : You said you'd be the one who'd wind up having to feed it.
Alexis : And it was hard enough remembering to feed me every day.
UNK: Yeah, I don't remember that last part.
Alexis : It was subtext. Barely.
UNK: Anyway, I want to make it up to you.
Castle : I want to get you a dog.
Castle : Only question is, what kind of dog do we get?
UNK: What are we gonna name it? Whose room is it gonna sleep in?
Alexis : Whoa, Dad, slow down. I'm leaving for college soon, remember?
Alexis : You can't have a dog in your dorm room.
UNK: Right.
Castle : I know, I'll just take care of him here,
Castle : you can come visit him whenever you can.
Alexis : So this dog you want to get, you know, for me?
Alexis : This wouldn't be an enticement to come home from college more often, would it?
Castle : Don't pretend like you're smarter than me. I taught you subtext, young lady.
Alexis : Don't worry. I'll come back and visit so much you'll be sick of me.
UNK: Promise?
Alexis : Yeah. Someone has to leave food out for you once in a while.
Castle : Speaking of, I'm kind of hungry right now.
Alexis : Kibbles 'n Bits?
Castle : Peanut butter on a spoon?
UNK: LAUGHS Chinese.
UNK: I'd like a sandwich.
Castle : Welcome home.
UNK: Yeah.