Castle : And what made him so paranoid about her?
Ryan : Maybe he had something to hide.
Ryan : Looks like there might be some truth
Ryan : to those rumors that the fix was in.
ESPOSITO : Yeah. I've been going through Francisco's financials.
Esposito : He made a bunch of cash deposits
Esposito : over the last year, 10 grand a pop.
Esposito : So we went back and looked at the last few shows he judged.
Esposito : Our boy had a thing for long shots.
UNK: The line at Vegas on yesterday's Sunfare winner was fifty to one,
Ryan : a real underdog.
CASTLE : Well, what doesn't make any sense is,
Castle : if he was taking the bribes, why would they kill him?
ESPOSITO : Maybe he wanted out.
Esposito : Or more money.
Ryan : His calendar said he had weekly appointments
Ryan : with a therapist, a Dr. Patty Barker.
Ryan : They had a session the day he died.
Ryan : Maybe she can fill in some gaps.
Beckett : Okay, let's bring her in.
LANIE : Brought you guys a little visitor!
Castle : Oh! Look who it is.
UNK: Hello! Look at you. You're adorable.
Lanie : Okay, adorable.
Lanie : We swabbed his mouth for human DNA, but I don't have high hopes.
Lanie : Even if there were some, all that slobbering, it's probably long gone.
Castle : Hey, what are we gonna do with Royal?
Castle : I mean, Francisco didn't have any family.
LANIE : I didn't have the heart to call Animal Control.
Ryan : Jenny's friend runs a rescue.
UNK: Or we could keep him here at the precinct.
Castle : I mean, we could use a mascot.
Esposito : I thought that's what you were.
Castle : That... What's that? What's that, buddy?
Castle : Esposito's sense of humor fell down a well and can't get out?
UNK: Please?
Beckett : Okay, fine. But only until we find him a suitable home.
Lanie : Then you better find out what kind of food he eats,
Lanie : because he's not touching the stuff I put out.
Beckett : Well, there's gotta be some food for him at Francisco's place.
Beckett : Who wants to make a run for it?
Esposito : To go get dog food?
UNK: Castle. Ryan.
UNK: Esposito.
Castle : Well, shall we settle this like men? CLEARS THROAT
Kay : All right.
UNK: Mmm.
Ryan : Two out of three?
UNK: Snip.
UNK: Dr. Patty Barker : He's been my patient for years.
UNK: Dr. Patty Barker : I see him whenever his travel allows for it.
Beckett : Dr. Barker, what kind of issues was he dealing with?
Beckett : Did he ever exhibit signs of paranoia?
Barker : No. The occasional bout of depression,
Barker : which then led to low self-esteem, which led to binge eating.
Castle : An eating problem? You wouldn't know it to look at him.
Barker : His diet was horrible.
Barker : Oh! Scraps from the garbage, dead birds, even his own feces.
Castle : We're not talking about Francisco here, are we?
UNK: Oh!
Barker : You thought I was Francisco's therapist?
UNK: LAUGHING Heavens no, no. My patient is Royal.
Barker : Well, I am a canine therapist.
UNK: Yeah.
Barker : It'd be pretty crazy for me to treat people.
UNK: LAUGHING People. That would be crazy!
Beckett : Dr. Bark... Mrs. Barker,
Beckett : how did Francisco seem to you at Royal's last appointment?
Barker : Actually, he canceled it.
Beckett : Did he say why?
Barker : Just that something had come up,
UNK: and he had to be somewhere in a hurry.
Beckett : Okay, that's actually helpful.
UNK: Well.
BECKETT : Well, thank you.
Beckett : We'll contact you if we need anything further.
Barker : How is Royal doing?
Barker : Is it true that he was at the crime scene, that he witnessed the murder?
Castle : We think so, yes.
Barker : There may be things he saw.
UNK: Things he's trying to communicate about the crime.
Barker : If you let me see him, I can try to find out what he knows.
Castle : You know, Francisco had a lot of faith in her.
Castle : It might be worth a few minute CELL PHONE RINGING s.
Beckett : Of your time? Sure.
Castle : I'll get him.
UNK: Beckett.
RYAN : Found enough dog food to keep Royal fat and happy for a while.
Ryan : Found something else tasty, too.
Ryan : Electronic bug sweeper. Looks new.
Beckett : To detect eavesdropping devices?