KAY : I just want to say hi to all my fans out there. Say hi, Lolita.
UNK: And I want to remind you guys that my new scent hits stores next month.
Kay : Kay Cappuccio's Guilty Pleasure.
Kay : Make sure he's guilty of wanting you.
Kay : Guilty pleasure? Or just guilty?
Kay : What does this video have to do with anything?
UNK: This was about 15 minutes before you went backstage
Beckett : to Francisco Pilar's dressing room.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So we have reason to suspect that our killer was wearing your perfume.
Kay : Well, that's impossible. It wasn't even out yet.
Kay : I'm the only person that had it.
Ryan : Does she realize she just incriminated herself?
Esposito : I said she was nice. I didn't say anything about smart.
UNK: Customs Agent Weizer's on the phone for Detective Esposito.
UNK: Thanks.
Ryan : What was that about?
UNK: I asked him to call me if he found any definitive Kay Cappuccio connection
Esposito : to the Vasquez family.
UNK: Hey. Do you know when they're gonna be done in there?
UNK: We got a reporter from Vanity Fair coming by the house later.
Reggie : They're giving her the cover.
Esposito : I don't know, bro. But good luck with that.
UNK: Esposito.
Beckett : What's your relationship with Junior Vasquez?
UNK: Junior? He is such a sweetheart.
UNK: They have Keeping Up with Cappuccioin Argentina, so he's kind of a big fan.
Beckett : Do you realize that the Vasquez family
Beckett : is the number one heroin exporter in South America?
Kay : What? Oh, my God, you guys, I did not know that.
UNK: WHISPERING
BECKETT : Excuse me.
Beckett : Give me a minute, Castle.
KAY : This is a nightmare. Heroin, murder.
UNK: I just wish I had never even heard of Francisco.
UNK: Kay, how did you hear about him?
Kay : Reggie. He read about him in, like, a magazine or something.
Kay : He said he was the best. So he insisted I use him.
Castle : So it was Reggie's idea that Lolita go to Francisco for training?
UNK: Yeah.
Kay : Make sure he's guilty of wanting you.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: COUGHS
KAY : Hi, baby!
UNK: MUFFLED COUGH
BECKETT : Are you sure about this?
Esposisto : Positive. Customs connected Kay to the Vasquez family, all right.
Esposisto : Through Reggie.
Esposisto : Turns out, he went to school with one of the Vasquez kids.
Esposisto : He's the connection, not Kay.
UNK: INDISTINCT
UNK: WOMEN SCREAM
UNK: BARKING
UNK: Get him, Royal.
UNK: GROANS
UNK: SNARLING AND BARKING
Beckett : So he confessed to the whole thing.
Wiser : The Vasquez cartel suspected that
Beckett : Francisco was training dogs for Customs.
Beckett : And then when Kay needed Lolita trained,
UNK: Reggie steered her towards Francisco and then wired the dog collar.
UNK: But Francisco caught on, and Reggie panicked.
Castle : He felt he had to protect the cartel.
Beckett : Yeah, and Reggie wanted to get in good with the cartel.
Beckett : He knew that his days of mooching off of Kay were almost over,
Beckett : in spite of all the reports that the two of them were getting married.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, you mean the tabloids were wrong?
Beckett : Yeah, and, you know, I was wrong about something, too.