Castle : Please, don't call me that.
ESPOSITO : Victim is Francisco Pilar, judge of the dog show.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We found him here in his dressing room.
UNK: Javier Esposito : He still had cash on him, plus his wallet, phone
UNK: and a key card of some kind.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Is the cause of death what it looks like?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Yep. Someone put a leash around his neck and pulled.
Beckett : Do you guys have an estimated time of death?
UNK: I put together a window...
Lanie : Excuse me. You're doing my job now?
Lanie : I didn't know you went to medical school.
Lanie : But go ahead, "Doctor" Esposito.
UNK: Okay. Last guy to see Francisco alive
UNK: left this room at 5 : 15 to go get him some dinner.
UNK: And Mr. Greene found him like this 20 minutes later.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
UNK: Adam Greene. I'm the Sunfare Show organizer.
UNK: Mr. Greene, how well did you know our victim, Francisco?
Green : Francisco's been our judge for almost two decades.
Green : No one cared about dogs more than he did.
Beckett : Did he have any family that we could talk to?
Green : Royal was his family.
Castle : That's a handsome pooch.
Green : Francisco loved him very much.
UNK: The truth is he got along with dogs a lot better than their owners.
Castle : So, dog whisperer, check. People whisperer, not so much.
Beckett : Did he have any problems with any of the owners?
Green : What are you suggesting?
UNK: Just that he was killed about half an hour after he gave out Best in Show.
UNK: I'll admit, show dog owners can be passionate people,
Green : but not to this extent.
CASTLE : Somebody wrapped that leash around his neck.
BECKETT : We'll need a list of the names of all of the contestants
Beckett : along with anyone that might have had access to this room.
Green : Of course.
UNK: SNARLING
UNK: Isn't this Francisco Pilar's dog?
Green : Yes, that's Royal.
Green : We thought it best to keep him out of the room.
Castle : Why is he doing that?
Green : He was doing the same thing by the body when we found him.
UNK: May be some sort of grieving process.
Green : I'll get you that list of names.
Castle : So the dog was at the crime scene at the time of the murder.
Beckett : What do you want us to do? Bring him in for questioning?
Castle : I'm just saying, would man's best friend stand idlyby
Castle : while his mast er was attacked?
Beckett : And if he did intervene,
Beckett : maybe he got DNA or trace evidence on him that could lead to our killer.
UNK: I may have a lead of my own.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : One of the losing contestants just filed this appeal of Francisco's decision,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : guy named David Hernand.
UNK: They said he was so angry that the vein in his forehead
UNK: Kevin Ryan : was visibly throbbing.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Apparently, dog shows are this guy's whole life.
UNK: David Hernand : Was I upset about Francisco's death? Sure.
UNK: But I was more upset about his choice for Best in Show.
UNK: And that ribbon belonged to my Max.
UNK: Mr. Hernand, can you account for your whereabouts
UNK: between 5 : 15 and 5 : 35?
Hernand : Yeah, I was right here at my grooming station, filing my appeal...
Hernand : I didn't kill him, okay?
UNK: Given everything he was into, I'd say he brought it on himself.
Beckett : And what exactly was he into?
Hernand : Well, rumor has it, he was on the take.
Castle : Are you saying he was taking bribes to fix dog shows?
Hernand : Betting on dog shows, it's a big business.
UNK: And he was seen with some pretty shady characters.
Hernand : People with ties to Vegas.
Beckett : That's a serious allegation. Do you have any proof to back it up?
Hernand : You want proof?
Hernand : That's who Francisco selected Best in Show.
Hernand : Just look at that mutt.
Hernand : Now back to my Max, now the mutt.
Hernand : That's all the proof I need.
BECKETT : Really? There's big money riding on dog shows?
Castle : It's actually kind of ingenious.
Beckett : You know, everyone's got football,
UNK: basketball, horse-racing under a microscope,
Castle : looking for the slightest hint of impropriety.
Castle : Who's looking at dog shows?
UNK: I'm gonna have Ryan look into it, along with Hernand's alibi.
Esposito : Whatever you're talking about, it can wait.
Esposito : Ma'am, please tell Detective Beckett what you told me.
UNK: Kelly Gunther : I was backstage after the show,
UNK: Kelly Gunther : when I saw a woman leave Francisco's dressing room.
Beckett : Can you describe her?
Kelly : Even better. I took a video with my phone.
Kelly : She was wearing a hood and sunglasses,
Kelly : but I recognized her instantly.
Kelly : It was Kay Cappuccio.
Castle : The reality television star?