Beckett : No, the closest I ever came
Beckett : to taking an art class was posing for one as a model.
UNK: Wait. Posing in?
Beckett : Not a stitch.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Meet Bryan Hayes, 39. Executive director of the museum.
Castle : Looks like somebody gave him liberty and gave him death.
Beckett : Any idea when this happened?
UNK: Hayes was last seen at 10 : by a Myrna Ramsey,
Serena : the museum's development director.
UNK: His body was discovered around 10 : 21,
UNK: so the killer must have struck sometime within that window.
Beckett : Killing him during the gala, it's pretty ballsy.
Esposito : My money's on he walked in on the other crime
Esposito : being committed here tonight.
MYRNA : It's called the Fist of Capitalism.
Myrna : A searing indictment of our consumer-driven culture.
UNK: SOFTLY Somebody stole the Fist of Capitalism?
Castle : Anyone check up the ass of socialism?
Beckett : How much was it worth, Mrs. Ramsey?
UNK: 50 million.
Myrna : The diamonds alone were worth 30.
UNK: The Fistwas on loan to us.
UNK: Mr. Hayes assured the owners it would be safe.
UNK: I notice that you have cameras,
Beckett : so there's obviously a security system.
Beckett : Why wasn't the alarm triggered?
UNK: It should've been, the moment anyone stepped into this room.
Myrna : My security team is trying to determine why it wasn't.
Beckett : Okay, well, we'll need a list of
Beckett : all the people who attended the gala,
Beckett : along with the videos from the cameras.
Myrna : Of course.
Beckett : We'll also need to talk to whoever found the body.
Alyssa : I can't believe this.
Alyssa : This is the worst day of my life.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Were you close to Mr. Hayes, Alyssa?
Alyssa : We worked together. I helped him curate this exhibit.
Alyssa : He was a lovely man and very supportive of young artists like me.
Ryan : So you're an artist?
Alyssa : This is my day job. Art is my passion.
Alyssa : Mr. Hayes even put one of my sculptures in the exhibit.
Ryan : Did Mr. Hayes have any family?
UNK: A mother in Idaho, I think.
UNK: So, Mr. Hayes was supposed to work the crowd tonight, right?
Ryan : What do you think he was doing over here?
Alyssa : I know he was worried about the Fist of Capitalism.
Alyssa : Especially with the gala, and the people and all the distractions...
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Are you saying that he was worried someone might steal the Fist?
Alyssa : Ever since it got here.
Alyssa : He even reviewed the security video of the Fist
Alyssa : going back two weeks to when we first put it on display.
Alyssa : I thought he was being paranoid.