UNK: covered with a crapload of Flawless D's.
UNK: Hmm.
Finn : Yeah, some sort of marble hand or something.
Serena : This guy, what did he look like?
Esposito : Serena was right. Falco's a badass.
Esposito : Look how fat his Interpol file is.
UNK: He lifted a Renoir from the Pushkin in '96,
Esposito : and a Monet in '99, always using an ISI.
Beckett : Doesn't look like Falco's killed anybody before.
Esposito : First time for everything, I guess.
Beckett : Yeah, especially when Hayes stood between him and 50 million.
Esposito : Though according to Interpol, Falco doesn't steal for himself.
Esposito : He's more of a gun for hire.
Esposito : Someone wants a Picasso, he boosts it for them.
UNK: Which gives us the second path to our killer.
Beckett : If we can't find Falco, then we look for whoever hired him to steal the Fist.
UNK: Joy Mchugh : I'll tell you who hired him.
UNK: Joy Mchugh : Anton McHugh, my son-of-a-bitch husband.
UNK: The Fistbelongs to me and Anton.
Joy : We loaned it to the museum from our collection.
Beckett : Why would your husband steal it?
Joy : To screw me over.
Esposito : Right, but you said that he owns it.
Joy : He owns half of it.
Beckett : You were going through a divorce.
UNK: MRS. McHUGH : We keep up appearances.
Joy : Mostly because neither of us will give up the Fifth Avenue apartment.
Joy : But this?
Joy : This time Anton has hit a new low.
Beckett : So then, you're fighting over the Fist?
Joy : I think it should stay in the museum.
Joy : It's a work of art. It should be enjoyed by the public.
Esposito : Right, but your husband's not onboard?
UNK: There is an understatement.
Joy : At our last meeting with the divorce attorneys,
Joy : he screamed at me that he would get the Fistback
Joy : by any means necessary.
Beckett : Yeah, but saying that he wanted the Fistback
UNK: doesn't necessarily mean that he hired someone to steal it.
Joy : Yes, it does.
Joy : Because he's tried to steal it before.
Beckett : Mr. McHugh, a curious incident happened two weeks ago,
Beckett : when the Fist of Capitalism was on its way to the museum.
Beckett : Two men claiming to be from the moving company tried to intercept it.
UNK: My understanding is that was a bit of a mix-up.
Beckett : Now, there were no charges filed,
Beckett : but both men had long criminal histories.