Holt : I wasn't hired to steal the Fist.
Holt : My contact told me that I was being paid
Holt : to test their security for vulnerabilities.
Holt : I was to break in, disable the alarm,
Holt : and walk out undetected, all before 10 p.m.
Holt : And for my trouble, I got 200 grand in advance.
Serena : Who hired you?
Holt : Church and state, love. Everything goes through a third party.
Castle : You know that. It's safer that way.
Serena : Mmm. Yeah, until you get set up.
Serena : The real thief needed you to disable the alarms.
Holt : Yeah, apparently.
Serena : What'd you see?
Holt : Nothing at first.
UNK: I mean, it had all been too easy.
Holt : I got halfway back to the loading bay when it hit me.
Beckett : I mean, I'd already disabled the alarms, right?
Holt : And it was just sitting there.
Serena : You went back for the Fist.
UNK: It's an awful lot of temptation, $50 mil.
UNK: When I got back to the roo there was a woman walking toward the Fist.
Holt : So I got the bloody hell out of there.
Martha : This woman, what did she look like?
Holt : I barely got a glimpse.
Holt : All I can say for sure is she was wearing a black dress.
SERENA : Come on, Beckett.
Serena : He's got no reason to lie.
Castle : He's a thief. He's got plenty of reasons to lie.
SERENA : Not about this.
Serena : He knows you've got nothing on him.
UNK: All he had to do was wait, and you'd have to release him.
Castle : If Falco is telling the truth, then with Hayes' money troubles,
UNK: the $200,000 payment to Falco rules him out.
Beckett : Well, then why would he go to the bar asking about fencing diamonds?
Serena : Because he was paranoid someone was trying to steal the Fist.
Castle : Not paranoid, right.
Castle : Which means our killer is probably
Castle : whomever Falco saw going into the room with the Fist.
Serena : And when Hayes got in the way, she spiked him.
Beckett : Did he say anything about what the woman looked like?
Serena : Just that she was wearing a black dress.
Beckett : There were over 200 people at that gala,
Beckett : and half of those women were wearing black.
Serena : And more importantly, if she didn't leave by the loading dock,
UNK: then how did she get the Fistout of the museum?
Beckett : Yeah, how did she?
Castle : She waits for Falco to finish disabling the system
Castle : and then she comes in through the gala.
Beckett : And with the alarm system deactivated, she grabs the Fist,
Beckett : but Hayes is paranoid about security,
Beckett : so he comes in to check on the exhibit.
Beckett : He catches her, and she's forced to kill him.