Anton : I had nothing to do with this.
Anton : Never even so much as made contact with them.
UNK: But interestingly, your divorce lawyer did.
Ryan : Made lots of phone calls to the men right before this "mix-up."
Beckett : Where's Falco?
UNK: Who?
Beckett : After your first failed attempt to steal the Fist,
Beckett : you decided to hire a better class of thief.
Beckett : Unfortunately, he ended up killing Bryan Hayes in the process.
Ryan : Which makes you an accessory to murder.
UNK: What?
Anton : You're out of your mind.
Anton : Wait a second, I bet Joy is behind this.
Beckett : Trust me, Mr. McHugh,
UNK: your divorce is gonna be the least of your problems
Beckett : if you don't tell us where Falco is.
UNK: I never heard of any Falco,
Anton : and I didn't take the Fist, all right?
Anton : Truth is, I didn't even want the damn thing.
Anton : I just wanted Joy to think I wanted it.
Beckett : And why is that?
Anton : I thought if I made Joy think it meant something to me,
Anton : she'd give me the vineyard in Napa.
Anton : Now that it's gone, that bag of Botox is gonna clean me out.
Ryan : So, what do you think?
Ryan : You believe him?
Beckett : Either way, we don't have enough to subpoena McHugh's financials to...
Beckett : Doesn't look like Falco was working with McHugh.
Beckett : Well, who was he working with?
Castle : The museum's director.
UNK: Bryan Hayes.
Beckett : Our victim?
Castle : A man matching Hayes' description
Castle : met with Serena's contact a few days ago,
UNK: asking aboutD Flawless diamonds.
Ryan : Hayes was in on the theft? He must've hired Falco to steal the Fist.
Castle : Yeah, only Falco decided to keep it.
Serena : So he murdered Hayes.
Beckett : If Hayes was a co-conspirator, that might lead us to Falco.
Beckett : Let's take a look at his financials...
UNK: The usual, yeah. Yeah.
UNK: I'll work some of my other sources.
Serena : See if we can get a line on him.
Castle : Another jaunt into Manhattan's seedy underbelly? Count me in.
Serena : Sorry, no need for a guy Friday on this one.
Serena : I'll just be making phone calls. Boring stuff.
Serena : But I'll catch you later?
CASTLE : Catch me anytime.
UNK: Really? An insurance investigator?
Castle : A sexy insurance investigator.
Castle : I think she'd make a great character for my next book.
Martha : Well, you seem rather taken with her.
UNK: I find her impressive.
Martha : What's she like?
Beckett : She's an uncooperative, cocky, stubborn know-it-all.
UNK: Dr Carter Burke : But she is good at her job?
UNK: Yeah, well, Castle seems to think so.
Burke : And that bothers you?
Beckett : Yes, of course it bothers me.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because he's supposed to be...