Serena : Now she's in a hurry to leave,
Serena : before someone discovers her with the Fistand a body.
Castle : But she can't take it out through the gala without being spotted.
Beckett : And she can't take it through the loading bay
Beckett : without one of the catering staff noticing her dressed in black.
Serena : Well, those are the only two exits,
Serena : and both of those choices leave too much to chance.
UNK: She would've easily gotten caught.
UNK: So, if she can't take it through the gala,
Beckett : and she can't take it through the loading bay,
Beckett : how the hell did she get it out of here?
Ryan : Maybe she didn't.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : What I mean is...
Serena : What are you doing?
CASTLE : It never left the museum.
Serena : Mr. Castle!
Castle : Looks like I broke this case wide open.
Alyssa : You needed to see me, Detective?
Beckett : Yes, we need to talk to you about your installation.
Alyssa : Oh, my God, what happened?
CASTLE : It's a new interpretation I'm working on.
Castle : I call it Busted.
Alyssa : It's ruined. Who the hell did this?
Beckett : More to the point, who put the Fistin it?
UNK: The Fistwas inside it?
Castle : That way the thief didn't have to worry about smuggling it out.
UNK: She could simply rejoin the party.
UNK: "She?"
UNK: We know that whoever stole the Fistwas a woman wearing a black dress.
Beckett : The same woman that killed Mr. Hayes.
Castle : If I remember correctly,
Castle : you were wearing a black dress that night.
Alyssa : So was every woman in here.
Castle : Yes, but only one of them knew that
Castle : there was a compartment inside that piece nearby.
Castle : It was a perfect plan.
UNK: Until Bryan Hayes showed up and saw you.
UNK: It wasn't me, I swear.
Beckett : You mean it wasn't just you.
Beckett : You didn't have the money to pay Falco,
Beckett : but you did use your position to place the piece in the exhibit.
UNK: I didn't "place" anything.
UNK: My piece was selected by the board,
Alyssa : just like all of the art in here.
Castle : Yes, and when the exhibit was done, it would come back to you,
Castle : only worth about 50 million more.
Alyssa : No, it wasn't coming back to me. I sold it last week.
Alyssa : It was going to...
Alyssa : Oh, my God!
Joy : I found Alyssa 's work compelling.
Joy : I'm not sure why I'm having to justify my taste in art.
Beckett : Because this particular piece
Beckett : just happened to have a bronze fist in it.
Joy : You found my Fist!
Beckett : Yes, right where you put it.
Beckett : You know, right about now, is where you should be thinking about
Beckett : whether pushing Hayes was an accident or not,
UNK: because that's gonna make a 30-year difference in your prison sentence.
Joy : You think I did that to Bryan Hayes?
Beckett : Now, we've obtained a warrant for your financials.
Beckett : And we will find evidence of the $200,000 you paid to William Holt,
Beckett : also known as Falco, to disable security at the museum.
Joy : I'm sorry, dear, you've lost me.
Beckett : CSU found your fingerprints all over the Fist.
Joy : Of course they did. It belongs to me.
Beckett : Bloody fingerprints. His blood.
Beckett : Your prints.
Beckett : It's over. You killed a man, Mrs. McHugh.
Joy : You don't understand.
Joy : My husband was going to take it away.
Joy : I just took what was rightfully mine.
UNK: Bryan Hayes showed up out of nowhere.