Esposito : Tommy Lee's got nothing on this guy.
Gates : I like to check on the case every once in a while.
Gates : No point in chaining myself to that desk when all the action is right out here.
Esposito : You want action, check this.
Gates : Hey, hey. This is inappropriate workplace behavior.
Esposito : This is evidence, sir.
Esposito : Our suspect's alibi hinges on this.
Gates : Oh. Oh!
Beckett : So does his story pan out?
UNK: Yeah. It seems like he's covered for the entire time-of-death window.
Gates : I hope you're not going on the time-stamp on this video.
UNK: That could be faked, you know.
UNK: It's not the only thing on this video being faked.
Esposito : TV's on in the background, sir.
Esposito : And that is the news. Which means I can verify the time-stamp using that.
Gates : Okay. Good job, everyone. Keep it up.
Castle : No. Too easy.
Beckett : So it looks like we're back to square one, huh?
UNK: I wouldn't say that.
Ryan : I was looking into our vic's medical records. My little "research project."
Ryan : Turns out he has no records.
Ryan : Birth, medical, student transcripts, nothing.
Ryan : The first time James Swan pops up was when he was 17.
Ryan : He was hospitalized for a car accident in lthaca, New York.
UNK: Why does lthaca keep coming up?
Ryan : Because that's where he's from.
Ryan : I checked the address in the ER records,
UNK: traced it to a 20-acre compound
Ryan : owned by The Church of Worldly Enlightenment.
Castle : Whoa, guys, wait a second.
UNK: I've heard about this place. It's a cult.
Beckett : That's why he doesn't have any vaccinations
Beckett : and that's why he doesn't have a family. He grew up in a cult.
UNK: And the only way to leave was to escape. The compound is walled.
Ryan : And the cult practices strict obedience.
UNK: Everyone tattoos the word "serve" on their forearm.
UNK: "Serve."
UNK: Remember James's tattoo? "Observe"?
UNK: He must have added the "O" and the "B" sometime after he got out.
UNK: But when the band played lthaca, maybe somebody recognized him.
Beckett : Which is why he was afraid that someone was following him.
Ryan : James had reason to be afraid.
Ryan : John Campbell, the cult's leader.
UNK: The guy is a total psycho with a violent past.
Ryan : He did 10 years for murder before starting the whole church scam.
Beckett : Do we know where Campbell is now?
Ryan : Well, I can tell you where he was. I checked passenger manifests...
Esposito : Let me see that.
Ryan : For all the nearby airports.
UNK: He flew into JFK two days ago.
UNK: Yep.
Castle : Wait a second. That's the day Swan died.
Castle : So John Campbell was in town
Castle : with a few days to kill.
Castle : See what I did there?
Castle : That was good. Use that.
UNK: Not the part where I said, "See what I did there." Cut that out.
Castle : - Do a hard fade to black. - Musical sting.
Gates : Hey, are we close on locating Campbell?
UNK: Well, his picture is out to all patrol cars citywide,
Ryan : and I've sent his photograph to all the hotels in our database.
Esposito : Yeah, but the trouble is he uses aliases in order to stay off the DEA's radar.
Gates : Well, why's the DEA interested?
Ryan : The Church of Worldly Enlightenment
Ryan : isn't just your friendly neighborhood cult.
UNK: It's also a 20-acre pot farm, run by the 300-plus members,
Ryan : all for Campbell's personal profit.
UNK: Why don't the Feds shut him down?
Ryan : They've tried. Something about freedom of religious expression.
UNK: Can we get anything else on the cult that can help us find him?
Esposito : Detective Beckett's working an angle right now, sir.
UNK: Hey,
Esposito : any luck?
Beckett : Yeah, I just got off the phone with Cult Watch
UNK: and they're gonna hook us up with someone else
Beckett : who escaped Campbell's compound.
Caroline : I was a kid. Drifting.
Caroline : Campbell promised me meaning, a spiritual focus.
Caroline : But in return he took away everything.
Beckett : Caroline, are you worried about these cameras?
Beckett : - 'Cause if you want them gone... - No. Mmm-mmm.
Caroline : I want the world to know what a monster this man is.
Beckett : How did Campbell react when James Swan escaped?
Caroline : He was furious. He used to love James.
Caroline : That's why it was such a betrayal when he left.
Caroline : I heard Campbell swear he'd get revenge, no matter how long it took.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I think I got something.
UNK: The manager of the Widmark Hotel said that Campbell checked in two days ago.
Beckett : Did you send a patrol car?
Ryan : He checked out the next morning.
Ryan : But guess who came to visit him soon after he arrived there?
Lanie : - James Swan. - When?
UNK: 5 : 00 p.m. The same night that Swan was killed.
Caroline : He killed James. I knew it.
UNK: If James was running from Campbell, why would he agree to meet with him?
Caroline : To buy his freedom.
UNK: - Let me guess, for $25,000? - That's right.
Beckett : Do you have any idea where we could find Campbell now?
UNK: If he is in town, he might be at this youth hostel.
Caroline : He recruits there. It's where I first met him.
Beckett : Right, let's go get him.
UNK: Hostel Attendant : Excuse me, what are you doing? What are these cameras for?
Beckett : We're looking for John Campbell.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Hostel Attendant : No, sorry. There's no one here by that name.
UNK: Hostel Attendant : Excuse me, that's a private room.
UNK: Hostel Attendant : And you can't go back there. Excuse me!
UNK: Mr. Campbell, we have a few questions about James Swan.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, where were you between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : The night that James Swan was killed?
UNK: John Campbell : I was in my hotel room.
Beckett : Can anyone vouch for that?
UNK: Well, I was meditating. Solitude's a very important part of my evening ritual.
Castle : So that'd be a no.
Beckett : So, what are you doing in town?
Campbell : Working for my church.
Campbell : Fundraising, recruiting mostly.
UNK: "Fundraising"?
Castle : Interesting term for making James Swan pay you for his freedom.
Campbell : It's no secret that James and I had met.
Campbell : But he certainly didn't need to buy his freedom. We're all free.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, we know that James had 25 grand in cash with him
Beckett : when he went to see you
Beckett : and that he no longer had that money once he left.
Campbell : James may have made a donation to the church,
Campbell : but I make it a point not to discuss those matters.
UNK: Okay, so then why don't we discuss lthaca?
Esposito : - Here we go. - About a month ago,
Beckett : James and his band had a concert there.
UNK: And he said that afterwards he was concerned
Beckett : that someone was coming after him.
Beckett : Now, I think that that someone was you.
Campbell : I'm sorry, but I had no idea James was in town last month.
Beckett : I don't think that's accurate.
UNK: I think you're upset with him for cutting the cord with your church.
Beckett : - And so you started tracking him. - That's not true.
Beckett : He gave you a donation so that you would leave him alone.
Joel : That's not true!
Beckett : But that wasn't enough, was it? You wanted revenge.
UNK: No. Enough.
Beckett : So you followed him to his trailer and then you killed him in a fit of rage!
UNK: Enough!
Campbell : Now, if you have a solid case here, then arrest me.
Campbell : Otherwise, we're done.
Campbell : You contact me again and I will sue you for religious persecution.
Beckett : Sir, we're sure it was Campbell.
Beckett : He had motive and he met with our victim the day that he died.
Castle : And he was lying through his teeth about lthaca.
Castle : That's where Swan got on his radar.
UNK: Do you have proof of that?
Beckett : No, not yet.
Beckett : But we're checking public records and police reports
UNK: from when the band was in lthaca to see if there's a link to Campbell.
UNK: Well, I'm sure the DEA will be delighted if you could help get some...
UNK: Hostel Attendant : - Excuse me. - Yeah.
UNK: Gates.
UNK: Oh, no, no, DVDs will be fine.
UNK: Well, I appreciate it, Mr. Mitas. Okay.
Gates : Our film director.
Gates : As you know, it's important that this project reflects well on the precinct.
Gates : As I'm sure it will.
Gates : But we did have a number of officers watching a sex tape earlier.
UNK: Still,
UNK: to ensure that the conduct of my people
Gates : meets the highest possible standard,
UNK: Mr. Mitas is sending over all the precinct footage for my review.
Beckett : All the footage, sir?
Gates : Is there a problem, Detective?
Beckett : No, no, of course not.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : Well, she confirmed it.
UNK: That's the missing piece. You should tell Beckett.
Esposito : Unless you want to.
UNK: What? No, no. You brought it home.
UNK: Nah, but you were the one who uncovered the cult thing.
Esposito : Right? I mean, this guy broke the whole case wide open.
Ryan : Yeah, but this guy was the guy who came up with the 25 grand, right?
Ryan : - Yeah, but this guy... - Hey, Tango and Cash.
UNK: Is there something you guys want to tell us or not?
Esposito : - You wanna? - Nah, go ahead.
Ryan : All right. We were going over police records
UNK: for the night that our vic was in lthaca, we found something else.
Ryan : A missing persons report was filed by John Campbell
Ryan : the day after the band left town.
Beckett : Someone went missing from the cult?
UNK: Yeah, a guy named Buck Cooper.
Ryan : We checked with Caroline, our Cult Watch contact.
Ryan : Turns out that Buck was Swan's best friend from his days back in the cult.
UNK: So, that's what happened in lthaca.
Castle : I mean, Swan went back to the compound to break out his friend.
Castle : That's the real reason Campbell went after him.
UNK: So the 25 grand wasn't for Swan's freedom, it was for his friend's.
Beckett : This guy's testimony could help us nail Campbell.
Esposito : We've been looking for him, but he's not in the system.
Esposito : But Caroline was supposed to send over a photo.
Ryan : There it is.
Esposito : Boom. Check it out. We know that guy.
UNK: It's the roadie I talked to at the crime scene.
Castle : Well, the key to taking down Campbell's been under our nose the whole time.
Castle : I know I should've said something earlier.
UNK: It's just James told me to keep my head down,
UNK: and then all of a sudden he was dead, and I didn't know what to do.
Beckett : It's okay, Buck. You're safe now.
Buck : I owe that man my life.
UNK: And now I'm never gonna get a chance to repay him.
UNK: Actually, you... You might be able to.
Beckett : You could help us nail Campbell for his death.
Buck : I wish I could, ma'am.
Buck : Lord knows, that man's done some terrible things.
Esposito : The trouble is killing James isn't one of 'em.
Buck : When Campbell took the money from James,
Buck : he promised not to bother us anymore.
Buck : I needed to hear that myself. I needed to look him in the eyes.
Castle : You were with Campbell when James was killed.
Beckett : So then Campbell couldn't have killed James, but then, who did?
Buck : I wish I knew.
Beckett : Did he say anything to you when you were in his trailer?
Buck : He said that he was ready to make things right for me.
UNK: Uh...
Buck : Make things right? Didn't he already do that?
Buck : Yeah, I thought so.
UNK: James got me out of the cult. James got me away from Campbell.