Castle : Look at that.
UNK: "Observe." An unheeded call to vigilance.
Beckett : So, that's the murder weapon?
UNK: Mmm. It's a Gibson Les Paul.
Castle : '59 Flame Top, if I'm not mistaken, and I'm rarely mistaken.
Castle : It's hot.
Ryan : Tell me about this guitar.
UNK: Well, the Flame Top is his favorite.
UNK: Uh, last night after the show, I tuned it and I dropped it off at his trailer.
Hank : He likes to compose on it.
Ryan : All right. Well, what time was that at?
UNK: Was around 11 : 30.
Ryan : All right, was, uh, he alone at the time?
Hank : Yeah. Yeah. And we chatted for a second.
Hank : He was always really nice to me. It was all about the music with him.
UNK: Was there anyone hanging outside the trailer?
Ryan : Maybe someone you didn't recognize?
UNK: I saw a white van. Went around the block a couple of times.
UNK: Oh, did you get a plate number?
Hank : I'm sorry. It was dark.
UNK: All right. Um, don't go anywhere.
Butterfly : No. I... You can't pull your funding.
Esposito : Yo! You the director?
UNK: Joel Mitas : Yeah, no. You...
Joel : Look, we are sitting on gold, here, okay?
Joel : This is part rock-doc, part, uh...
Esposito : This is a crime scene. You gotta get these cameras out of here.
Joel : All right. Look, I gotta go. Just call me if you can get that thing.
Joel : Look, you gotta help me out here, okay?
Joel : I've been following these guys non-stop for three months.
Esposito : Not anymore. Police procedure, sorry.
Esposito : And if you've been following the victim 24l7,
UNK: - I'm gonna need to see to that footage. - No, Detective!
UNK: Look, I'm in a spot here, okay?
Joel : James Swan was that band.
Joel : With him gone, no one is gonna care about these guys
UNK: or wanna see this film.
Joel : So unless I can reinvent it as some kind of thriller,
Joel : you know, a hunt for the murderer...
Joel : People love that stuff.
Esposito : Listen to me.
Esposito : A guy's dead here.
UNK: Lf you don't get rid of these cameras,
UNK: I'm gonna break one over...
UNK: One second, sorry. Yeah, go ahead.
UNK: Oh, great. Okay, hang on, I'm gonna give you to a detective.
UNK: Hello?
Castle : This was a crime of passion.
Castle : There was an argument, things got heated.
Castle : The killer grabbed the nearest heavy object and felled poor Mr. Swan
UNK: at the tragically young age of...
Castle : How old was he?
UNK: Twenty-seven.
Castle : Wow. Another one for the club.
Lanie : - What club? - Twenty-seven Club.
Castle : Memberships include some of the greats.
Castle : Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin. And the list is extensive.
Beckett : Castle, we kind of need a different list,
Beckett : like, who might have been in this trailer last night.
Castle : I think I know where to start.
UNK: Lanie.
UNK: Go. Go, get out of here.
Butterfly : Oh, my God, thank you.
Butterfly : The guy was a total genius.
UNK: I followed the band for six months trying to meet him.
UNK: A couple weeks ago, James and I got together.
Butterfly : And every night since I'd meet him in his trailer right after the show.
Castle : So you were in his trailer when it happened?
Butterfly : I guess. I mean, um...
Butterfly : I don't remember anything.
Beckett : I'm sorry, how can you not remember?
Butterfly : I passed out.
Butterfly : I guess I partied a little too hard during the show.
UNK: I'm sorry, I wanna help.
Castle : Listen, Miss...
Butterfly : - Butterfly. - Butterfly.
Castle : This is very important.
Castle : Do you remember anything about that night, anything at all?
Butterfly : In his trailer,
Butterfly : I heard a horse.
UNK: Um...
UNK: A horse as in whinnying?
Butterfly : No. I heard the sound of horse hooves crunching in the snow.
Butterfly : Like, crunch, crunch, crunch.
Beckett : Okay, can we, uh, just focus on what happened just before you passed out?
Beckett : Did he seem like he was upset?
Beckett : Did he seem like he had been fighting with anyone?
Butterfly : Actually, the opposite.
Butterfly : He'd been complaining a lot
Butterfly : about the other guys in the band recently, you know?
Butterfly : The arguments and the tension.
UNK: But last night, he seemed happy.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : You know, like he'd found some kind of peace.
Beckett : I don't know if that girl could swing a guitar with enough force
Beckett : to kill anyone, but I still gotta check her clothes for blood spatter.
Castle : I'm more interested in what the band members were fighting about.
Beckett : Hey, what are you guys doing here? Huh? Get out of here, now.
Beckett : This is a police investigation. You have no right to be here.
UNK: Uh, actually, that's not true.
UNK: Victoria Gates : I'm sorry, Detective, but it's out of my hands.
UNK: Victoria Gates : City Hall has decided it's good PR.
Beckett : What about the case? They're going to compromise the investigation...
Gates : I feel the same way as you do.
Gates : But a decision has been made and I expect you to comply with it.
Beckett : Fine. Then just have them stay out of my way.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Uh...
Gates : Welcome. I'm Captain Gates, head of the 12th Precinct.
Gates : In cooperation with the NYPD's Public Affairs division,
UNK: I am happy to grant you full access to the department.
Gates : I think you will find everyone here more than accommodating.
UNK: Welcome.
UNK: Welcome.
Keith : Come on, what's the big deal? Lt'll be fun.
UNK: Look, Castle, what we do here, this is mine.
UNK: And just because they wanna invade my privacy,
UNK: it doesn't mean that I have to help them do it.
Castle : Okay, well, that may be,
Castle : but these cameras, they're not going anywhere.
UNK: They're gonna see something.
Castle : I just want them to see what I see.
UNK: Hold up, why do you need our alibis?
UNK: Because we understand that there was some tension
Beckett : between Mr. Swan and the band.
Keith : Of course there was tension. You spend every second together,
UNK: it's not always gonna be pretty.
UNK: We've been together for five years. If you had any idea
Zeke : the kind of crap you go through trying to make it in this business.
Zeke : It has a way of bonding people.
Castle : Or making them really, really sick of each other.
Keith : Hey, we looked out for James.
UNK: He was a middle-class kid from Ohio.
Keith : He didn't know what he was getting into with this life.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we're still gonna need statements
Beckett : about where you were last night.
Keith : Fine. I was in my trailer. I went there right after the show.
Zeke : - Me, too. - We were all in our trailers.
UNK: All right. We have reports that there was a white van in the area.
UNK: Did James ever mention anything about that?
UNK: No. But he did think someone was following him.
UNK: Yeah, uh, it was a month ago, right around the time we played lthaca.
Keith : He was acting all paranoid, he was talking about hiring extra security.
Beckett : Did he say who he was afraid of?
Keith : No. But, um, he hadn't brought it up recently,
Keith : so I just assumed everything was normal
Keith : - until he pulled that stunt yesterday. - Yeah.
Castle : What happened yesterday?
UNK: He blew off our 1 : 00 band meeting.
Zeke : We didn't see him again until sound check at 6 : 00.
Billy : The guy never missed a band meeting.
Beckett : Did he say where he was going?
UNK: No.
Zeke : But I do know this.
UNK: The camera guy that was following him
Zeke : said that James ditched him on purpose.
Castle : So whatever he was doing, he didn't want anyone to know.
Esposito : Yo, you guys got a sec?
UNK: So I've been going through the documentary footage of our victim.
Esposito : Check this out.
James : Most guys will tell you that they learned to play guitar themselves,
James : but I had a mentor.
UNK: And that guy was incredible. Much better than I'll ever be.
Interviewer : What's he think of the band?
James : You know, we lost touch a ways back.
UNK: There. You see that guy?
Esposito : That was taken over a month ago.
Esposito : These are more recent.
Ryan : All right?
UNK: Just move back a little bit. There we go.
UNK: Boom. Boom. Boom.
Beckett : Yeah, looks like our vic had a stalker.
Esposito : Check out this one.
UNK: This is from yesterday. Look what he's leaning against.
Hank : A white van.
UNK: We've got you now, you son of a bitch.
Esposito : I'm sorry, can I even say son of a...
Ryan : So we blew up the picture of the white van
Ryan : wide enough to get a license plate.
Ryan : It's registered to an address somewhere around here.
Esposito : Make a right up ahead.
Ryan : No, I'm going another way.
Esposito : What do you mean? There's only one way.
Ryan : No, there's a different way. There's a back way.
Esposito : - There's no back way. - Trust me. Trust me.
UNK: I know how this might look, but we actually make a pretty good team
Ryan : because we each have, uh, different strengths.
UNK: That's true.
Esposito : For example, I'm former military, which makes me a expert marksman.
Esposito : I'm usually first through the door.
Ryan : Well, yeah. But somebody's gotta know which door to go through.
UNK: I'm a little bit more, um, circumspect, uh, than my partner here.
UNK: I'm kind of like the nerve center of the team.
Esposito : I'm definitely the physical one. I stay in sick shape.
UNK: Boom! Have you been to the gun show? I'm just kidding, I'm just...
Esposito : Seriously though, I'm in sick shape.
UNK: Dude, what's with the shirt? It's really tight. Did you change it?
UNK: I spilled something on it.
UNK: Ah, here it is.
Esposito : Slow approach.
Ryan : Stay close.
Esposito : I think he saw us.
Esposito : I got this!
Ryan : Let's go check out the van.
UNK: Ahhh!
Ryan : What do we have here?
UNK: Uh-oh.
UNK: I'm pretty sure that ain't ketchup.
Beckett : Hey, is that our stalker?
Esposito : Ex-stalker. He won't be seeing daylight anytime soon.
UNK: Uh, L.T., could you please take him
Ryan : to the interrogation room? Thank you.
UNK: You should watch from observation while I tear this guy apart.
UNK: So, uh, we like this guy?
UNK: We found blood-stained overalls in his van.
UNK: We sent them to be tested to see if they match the blood from our vic.
Esposito : Oh, they match. Trust me, bro.
UNK: You don't have to worry about this creep hurting anyone ever again.
Esposito : That's a gift, from me to you. You're welcome, America.
UNK: You've a lot of nasty things in your van, Joe.
Castle : I miss anything?
Beckett : No, they're just getting started.
UNK: Rope, gasoline...
Esposito : You wanted to do nasty things to James Swan.
Beckett : I don't know what you're talking about.
Esposito : Oh, I think you do.
UNK: I'm gonna give you a second to get your facts straight.
UNK: Ooh, the time-out. That's a classic. Interrogation, it's really an art form.
Castle : I mean, Detective Beckett here, she is a master.
Castle : I have watched her crack countless cases in this very room.