Beckett : and Mikhail, who was selling secrets.
Castle : So they sent Mikhail to engineering,
Castle : where he would be blind to everything that happened.
Castle : Only, he didn't stay there.
Castle : Instead, he went to life support, where,
Castle : with one photo, he exposed everything.
Mikhail : Commander Kim,
Beckett : it was you who sent Mikhail to engineering during the repair, wasn't it?
Kim : Yes, though there's nothing unusual about that.
Castle : No, but according to procedure,
Castle : isn't Angela supposed to be there backing him up?
Kim : Yes, but I needed her up here checking protocols.
Kim : That hardly makes me a murderer.
UNK: And I never even left the module,
UNK: so I couldn't have planted the murder weapon in the tunnel.
UNK: No, but Dr. Haroun and Angela could've done that.
Beckett : The two of you were outside together for 10 minutes.
Haroum : Yes, checking on Tom and restoring power.
Castle : While all the cameras were down.
Castle : Giving you enough time to ditch the murder weapon
Castle : and clean any forensic evidence off the rover.
Angela : That's ridiculous. Are you just gonna go after us one by one?
Angela : I was with Rusham the whole time.
Angela : He didn't go anywhere near the rover.
Haroum : And neither did Angela.
Beckett : And that's what makes this crime so clever.
Beckett : From the beginning, the three of you
Beckett : have been able to alibi each other out.
Castle : Because you were all in on it together.
UNK: It would've taken the three of you colluding to convince M.I.R.A.
Jansen : That Tom was threatening the mission.
Beckett : And given the way that you felt about Tom,
Beckett : you knew that the team couldn't survive with him on it.
Beckett : He was a threat. Especially on a hostile planet.
UNK: So, after six months of being
Castle : locked up in this tin can together,
Castle : you decided that rather than sacrifice your chance
Castle : at being the first human beings to stand on Mars,
Castle : you would put your shot at immortality ahead of another man's life.
Kim : That's a fascinating theory,
Kim : but with M.I.R.A.'s memory gone, you have no proof.
Beckett : You know, that's what we thought as well.
Beckett : Until Dr. Jansen told us about M.I.R.A.'s black box.
Castle : In the event of a catastrophic failure,
Castle : she pulses all her data to the nearest satellite.
Castle : All your conversations with her,
UNK: everything you three did, it's all there.
Beckett : So the bad news is, none of you are going to Mars.
Beckett : Good news is, the first one to cooperate
Beckett : will get the least amount of jail time.
Beckett : I just didn't expect them to cave that quickly.
Beckett : That was a clever ruse, Castle.
Castle : I'm just glad it worked.
Castle : And if there's not a catastrophic black box satellite, there should be.
Castle : What do you think is gonna happen with Jansen?
Beckett : Well, he's a pioneer, he's a visionary.
Beckett : He may not get there in 2018,
Beckett : but I'm willing to bet that he's gonna be the first.
Beckett : So, after all of this, you still wanna go to Mars?
Castle : Oh, of course.
UNK: But I think I'm gonna wait until they have first-class service,
Castle : so we can go together.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Do you think at any point one of those astronauts
Castle : turned to the others and said,
UNK: "Maybe killing Tom is a really bad idea"?
Beckett : I think that when people are stuck together in a small space
Beckett : for a long period of time, they lose perspective.
Beckett : Speaking of which,
UNK: um, wasn't there supposed to be a family meeting tonight?
Martha : There is. I told Alexis she did not need to come,
Martha : because I wanted to talk to the two of you alone.
Martha : Now, I know that things have been a little frenetic around here.
Martha : What with Alexis and her friends
Martha : and the two of you in and out at all sorts of odd hours. And...
Castle : You and your new boyfriend doing late-night medleys.
UNK: Well, yes, that. So I have decided,
UNK: and I don't wanna upset either one of you,
Martha : that I am going to look for a place of my own.
Castle : To live? Well, yes.
Martha : I mean, not right away, of course.
UNK: I mean, it's gonna take me a while to find exactly the right space.
Castle : Mother, I was just calling a family meeting.
Castle : I didn't intend for you to move out.
Martha : Darling, this is not about you, this is about me.
UNK: Think of it as a kind of evolution, you know?
Martha : I'm starting to do very well for myself,
Martha : and I am guessing that, uh, before too long,
UNK: there's gonna be a few more little Castles creating havoc around here.
UNK: And then I think the two of you deserve
Martha : to have this place to yourselves.
Castle : Let me know if there's anything I can do.
UNK: Oh...
Ryan : I will. Okay, I am off!
UNK: I'm spending the evening with Benjamin.
UNK: So don't wait up. Bye.
Beckett : I did not expect that.
Castle : Unexpected is her specialty.
Beckett : It's so quiet.
Castle : It's really, really quiet.
Castle : Maybe we should go out.
Beckett : There's a great Indian restaurant
Beckett : that just opened up around the corner.
Beckett : Fantastic atmosphere.
Beckett : It's loud. Super loud.
Beckett : Lot of people. Lots and lots of people.