UNK: Come on, Mikhail, you're crazy.
UNK: Bro, where you gonna run?
Esposito : You're on Mars.
Mikhail : I hate to admit, but it's good to be out.
Beckett : Go ahead.
Mikhail : What they say? Fresh air, Times Square?
Esposito : Well, after the Mars simulation, prison should be a breeze.
Mikhail : So I was trading information.
Mikhail : Big deal.
Mikhail : I was leaving the planet and never coming back.
Mikhail : I wanted to make sure my family was taken care of.
UNK: Oh, noble.
Mikhail : You Americans. Little corruption never hurt anyone.
Beckett : I don't think Tom would agree.
Mikhail : Tom? Tom was jackass.
Mikhail : Drove everyone crazy the way he doled out food and supplies
Mikhail : and tried to leverage everyone for making even tiniest error.
Mikhail : Trust me, they may be scared to say it, but no one's sad he's dead.
Granger : No one was looking forward to spending
Mikhail : rest of lives with him on other planet.
Beckett : And yet, you are the only one
UNK: that is unaccounted for during his murder,
Beckett : which means you are the only one
UNK: that could've killed him.
Mikhail : Mmm, no, I could not.
Mikhail : I can prove where I was during the murder.
UNK: How?
Mikhail : When Commander Kim sent me down to engineering,
Mikhail : I used rare time alone to take pictures and download schematics
Mikhail : from life support, to give to Granger.
Mikhail : I still have the drive with all of my photos.
UNK: They're time-stamped with the mission clock.
Esposito : So your alibi is that you were spying for Granger?
Mikhail : Go. Look at my photos.
Mikhail : You'll see.
Ryan : So, I went through all of Mikhail's photos
Ryan : from the night Tom was murdered.
Ryan : As you can see, he's telling the truth.
Ryan : See his reflection?
Castle : Yeah. And the module clock confirms the time.
Beckett : Maybe he faked the time.
Beckett : Or maybe it was Granger after all.
Castle : It wasn't Granger. Uh, Ryan, go back.
Castle : To... There! Now, zoom in on the window.
UNK: Look down on the bottom right.
UNK: Is that the rover?
UNK: I thought the computer said that it was docked during the murder.
Castle : Clearly, the computer was wrong.
UNK: Now, uh, push in on the rover's arm,
UNK: and filter out some of that reflection.
Beckett : It's the screwdriver!
Castle : There's your killer, holding the murder weapon.
Castle : The rover did it!
Jansen : The rover was out? This can't be right.
Jansen : All the data from M.I.R.A. indicates
UNK: that the rover was docked when Tom was killed.
Castle : I'd say the data's wrong.
UNK: And according to your literature,
Castle : that rover has the speed and dexterity
Castle : to kill with mathematical precision.
Beckett : Mr. Jansen, who has access to the rover controls?
Beckett : One of your astronauts? Someone at mission control?
Jansen : No one has access.
Jansen : The rover is an extremely complex piece of equipment.
Jansen : Under human control, there's too high a margin for error,
Jansen : so we designed it to interface solely with the computer.
Jansen : Our astronauts describe the sort of task they want carried out
Jansen : and M.I.R.A. executes it.
UNK: Is it possible someone could've asked her to kill Tom?
Jansen : M.I.R.A. wouldn't comply with that sort of command.
Jansen : But something's wrong. I need to talk to her.
Becket : Well, is there somewhere we can do that privately, without anyone hearing?
Jansen : Yeah. The computer module pod, inside the sim.
Kim : What's going on?
Jansen : Let you know soon.