Castle : Well, maybe it's one of your competitors.
UNK: It could be espionage, or sabotage.
Beckett : And our victim might have found out,
Beckett : and threatened to expose them.
Castle : Either way, this explains what he saw.
Castle : Why he thought there was someone else in there with them.
Jansen : How did they elude my cameras?
Beckett : Well, maybe they were working with someone
UNK: that was involved in your program,
Beckett : and knew when the cameras would be blacked out.
UNK: Excuse me. Beckett.
Esposito : Hey, so CSU just confirmed it.
Esposito : The blood on the screwdriver belonged to Tom.
Esposito : It's our murder weapon. Okay, any prints?
UNK: No, but since the killer was in the simulation...
UNK: Then they would've been wearing gloves.
Beckett : Um, okay. What about the gas mask? Anything from that?
Esposito : It looks military, but we're still trying to run it down.
Esposito : Meantime, Ryan's pulling camera footage from the surrounding area.
Esposito : Maybe we'll get lucky, catch our alien
Esposito : exiting one of the access points to the utility tunnel.
Esposito : Probably won't know anything till morning.
Beckett : All right, keep me apprised.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you think about anyone
UNK: that would've wanted to breach your simulation
Beckett : and we'll keep you posted on what we find.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Oh, my God. What a day.
Beckett : I feel like I'm still covered in spiderwebs.
Beckett : I cannot wait to take a hot shower.
UNK: Oh, maybe I could, uh, join you.
UNK: Ooh, that'd be nice. We could relax, have a glass of wine and...
Castle : Do you hear that?
Beckett : It's your mom. And Ben.
Castle : And Alexis is here.
Beckett : With friends.
UNK: What did I tell you!
Castle : Maybe we could go to a hotel.
Beckett : And yet you think you could survive being stuck in a space capsule
Beckett : with four other people for a year.
Castle : I could if you were one of those people.
UNK: Oh.
Alexis : Wow, you guys!
Alexis : Get a room!
Jansen : We would, if there were any left.
Castle : Maybe you shouldn't have been so quick to sublet your place.
Beckett : You know, maybe we could just set up a schedule.
Beckett : Or they could give us a heads-up
Beckett : and let us know what to expect when we get home.
UNK: I'm gonna call a family meeting.
Castle : Or we could just go to Mars.
Beckett : Yeah. I don't think you'd be happy there.
Beckett : There's no showers, there's instant coffee
Beckett : and you have to bag your own...
Ryan : Hey, Castles.
Beckett : Hey, any luck on that security cam footage?
Ryan : Nada, your alien must have accessed the underground
Ryan : where there wasn't any coverage.
Ryan : But we did have better luck with that gas mask.
Ryan : CSU was able to pull exhaled breath condensate from inside the face plate.
UNK: It contained trace amounts of DNA.
Beckett : We get a match in the system?
Ryan : Not our system. But as part of the Mars 2018 program,
Ryan : every applicant had to submit sample DNA.
Ryan : So we ran it against that database, and guess who popped up?
Castle : No! Granger's our alien?
Beckett : So he was getting in and out,
Beckett : just not the way we thought.
Castle : Which means his alibi was a lie.
Castle : As soon as he knew we were onto him...
Beckett : He went back to destroy the evidence. You bringing him in?
UNK: I would, if we could find him.
Ryan : But he's not at his place and he's not answering his phone.
Beckett : Okay, put out an APB.
Beckett : After our encounter in the dark, he might be on the run.
Esposito : I may know how to find him.
Ryan : That gas mask, it's an uncommon make.
Esposito : Not a lot of suppliers in the city carry them.
Esposito : But I was able to track down the serial number
UNK: to an Army-Navy supply store uptown.
Beckett : Did they confirm that Granger bought it?
Esposito : No, the mask was purchased a couple of months back,
Esposito : so no one remembered the buyer,
Esposito : but it was charged to a corporate account.
Esposito : A company called Newton Endeavors.
Beckett : What do we know about them?
UNK: Not much. I couldn't find anything on the Web,
Esposito : but I was able to track down an address
UNK: out in Queens, in Willets Point.
Beckett : Well done.
Esposito : Newton Endeavors. Sounds space-related.
UNK: Space, the final frontier.
UNK: These are the voyages of Castle and Beckett.
UNK: Their ongoing mission to explore strange new motives.
UNK: To seek out new witnesses and new suspects for murder.
UNK: - To boldly go where... - Oh, right over here.
Ed : Excuse me?
Beckett : Is this Newton Endeavors?
Ed : I'm sorry. This is private property.
UNK: I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
UNK: NYPD.
UNK: I'm gonna have to ask you to open that door.