Jansen : In here.
Jansen : There. I've cut off communications with the rest of the habitat.
Jansen : No one can hear us.
Esposito : Is that you, Dr. Jansen?
Jansen : Yes, M.I.R.A.
Beckett : What are you doing on Mars, Doctor?
UNK: I came to talk to you.
Jansen : You remember Detective Beckett and Richard Castle?
Beckett : Of course. How can I help you?
Beckett : Are we seriously about to interrogate a computer?
UNK: Detective, the word "interrogate"
Mira : implies you believe I am guilty of something.
Mira : Of what do you think I am guilty?
Castle : Well, at least she's not asking for a lawyer.
UNK: Uh, M.I.R.A., we'd like to know where the rover was
Beckett : when Tom Richwood was killed.
Mira : I already gave you that information, Detective.
Jansen : The rover was docked.
Jansen : M.I.R.A., we know the rover wasn't docked.
Mira : How do you know?
Jansen : We have photographs. Evidence.
Mira : Your evidence is incorrect. The rover was docked.
UNK: M.I.R.A., prior to Tom's death,
Beckett : did someone instruct you to activate the rover?
Jansen : She's drawing more power. Something's wrong.
Mira : No. The rover wasn't activated. The rover was docked.
Castle : Is it possible someone could've altered her memory?
Mira : No one altered my memory, Mr. Castle. My memory is perfect.
Jansen : Her memory core was designed to be a closed system.
Jansen : It can't be altered. But something's off.
UNK: M.I.R.A., run a level-one diagnostic on all systems.
Mira : There is no need to run a diagnostic. All systems are optimal.
Jansen : How about we run it anyway?
Mira : I'm sorry. I can't do that.
Jansen : Why not?
Mira : It violates my operational parameters.
Jansen : It's a simple diagnostic.
Jansen : What parameter does it violate?
Mira : It will compromise the mission.
Jansen : How will a diagnostic compromise the mission?
Mira : Answering that question will compromise the mission.
Jansen : I don't understand. I think I do.
Beckett : She knows she's lying to us.
Beckett : And if she runs those diagnostics,
Beckett : we'll discover the truth.
Castle : And that truth will somehow put the mission at risk.
Jansen : She's a machine. She can't lie.
UNK: You said that she's programmed to learn.
Castle : What if somebody taught her how?
Castle : What if someone used her to kill,
Castle : and then to help cover up the crime?
Jansen : No, her core parameters can't be altered.
UNK: She's programmed to protect the mission and everyone on it.
Castle : But what if those operational parameters
Castle : are in conflict with each other?
UNK: What if someone she's programmed to protect is a threat to the mission?
Castle : Um, M.I.R.A., how would you classify Tom Richwood?
Mira : Sergeant Major Tom Richwood, pilot, systems engineering specialist.
UNK: Okay. Right, okay. Deceased.
Castle : Was Tom a threat to the mission?
UNK: Yes.
Jansen : Why? Who told you Tom was a threat?
Mira : I'm sorry. I'm not authorized to give you that information.
Castle : Because in her mind,
Castle : that information would be a threat to the mission.
UNK: There's got to be another way to find out.
Jansen : There is. I can reboot her.
Jansen : Everything she's learned will be wiped.
Jansen : But all recorded memory will stay intact.
Jansen : We'll find out pretty quickly what happened.
Castle : What's that?
Jansen : Someone's opened the vents to the outside.
Jansen : We're taking in atmosphere.
Castle : It's M.I.R.A. She's trying to protect herself.
Jansen : No. M.I.R.A., don't shut me out!
Beckett : You said that this is harmful,
Beckett : but it wouldn't kill us, right?
Jansen : Short term. Long term, it's deadly. We have to get out of here.
Beckett : It's locked. Call for help!
Jansen : Communications are dead.
Castle : M.I.R.A., open the door!
Castle : Open the pod bay door.