Beckett : She trounced you, didn't she? Yeah.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, my! What is going on down here?
Castle : Far too much, apparently. Uh, are those my pajamas?
UNK: Uh... Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Martha : I'm so sorry. Ben...
UNK: Um, family, Benjamin. Ben, meet my family.
Beckett : Castle, we got a murder.
UNK: Uh, to solve, not to commit.
UNK: Bye!
UNK: But those were my softest pajamas,
UNK: and now I'm gonna have to burn 'em.
Castle : Is it just me, or is the loft getting awfully small these days?
Beckett : Well, four adults together in one space.
Beckett : We're bound to step on each other's toes.
UNK: Yeah. Well, there was a lot more toes than usual tonight.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, guys. Glad you're here.
UNK: You're gonna wanna see this. Especially you, Castle.
Beckett : What is this place?
Castle : It's Mission Control.
Castle : And that's Mars!
Ryan : And there's your body.
Castle : Our victim is on Mars?
Castle : The secret manned mission to Mars rumors were true. I knew it!
Beckett : You know, this might be a little out of our jurisdiction.
UNK: Javier Esposito : It's not Mars.
UNK: Javier Esposito : This is Operations Director Ed Redley.
UNK: Javier Esposito : This is Detectives Beckett and Ryan. Castle.
UNK: Uh, what you're seeing is a live feed
UNK: Ed Redley : from a simulation we're conducting
UNK: Ed Redley : in advance of a real Mars mission.
UNK: Who's "we"? NASA?
Ed : It's the Mars 2018 Project. We're privately funded.
Castle : Yes, by Viggo Jansen, the Internet billionaire.
Castle : He promised to put humans on Mars by 2018.
Castle : Held a competition and everything.
Castle : I signed up for the program, but I didn't get in.
Beckett : Wait. You signed up to go to Mars?
UNK: When? A couple years ago.
Beckett : Where was I?
Castle : We were fighting.
Esposito : The victim, pilot Tom Richwood, was supposedly
UNK: alone on the, uh, planet's surface conducting repairs.
Ed : We were in a communication blackout,
Ed : part of simulating planetary conditions,
Ed : when the mission commander broke protocol
Ed : to tell us they found Tom dead.
Ed : They don't think it was an accident.
Beckett : Well, I'd like to see the body.
UNK: So, where is the simulation?
Ed : Couple of floors below us, and that's easier said than done.
Ryan : In order to mimic conditions on Mars
Ryan : as well as discourage any cheating,
Ryan : the simulation is filled with noxious gas.
UNK: Hey, it won't kill you,
Ed : but it will induce severe nausea, and a rash.
Ed : It would take several days to vent
Ed : the sim to make the air breathable,
UNK: so if you wanna go in, you're going to need to wear spacesuits.
Castle : Best case ever!
UNK: Castle... This way?
UNK: Yeah. Okay, great.
Beckett : What can you tell us about the victim?
UNK: Well, Tom Richwood was the mission pilot.
Ed : Former Navy Top Gun, did a tour with NASA.
UNK: What about family?
UNK: None. Which made him the perfect candidate for the mission.
Ed : He beat out some of the smartest,
Ed : most competitive candidates in the world
UNK: to be a part of the first manned team to Mars.
Ed : They all did. Who else is inside?
Ed : Our four remaining astronauts.
Ed : The team's medical specialist,
UNK: Dr. Haroun, is waiting for you.
Beckett : So has anyone been in or out of the simulation recently?
Ed : No. It's a sealed 9-month experiment.
Ed : No one's been in or out since the astronauts entered six months ago.
Esposito : Which means one of them probably did it.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : There's only three suits.
UNK: Um, that's okay. We don't all need to go in.
Ryan : I'll go take statements back at the facility.
Castle : Seriously? You don't want to go to Mars?
Ryan : A, it's actually not Mars,
Ryan : and B, I'm happy here on Earth.