Beckett : What the hell?
Castle : Is it just me, or does that capsule look incredibly familiar?
UNK: Who would wanna build a replica of Jansen's Mars colony?
Castle : The competition.
UNK: Granger must've been breaking into the sim
Castle : to steal technology for Jansen's competitors.
UNK: Ian Rasher : I don't care if we have to pay them triple.
UNK: Ian Rasher : We cannot fall any further behind!
Beckett : And I think I know which one.
UNK: Yep. All right.
Castle : Sir Ian Rasher. Billionaire, playboy, adventurer.
Beckett : And possible accessory to murder.
UNK: You may wanna rethink your application to his program.
UNK: All right. Good, good.
Beckett : Mr. Rasher? Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : I was wondering if we could have a word.
Rasher : Of course. What can I do for New York's finest?
UNK: Well, you could start by telling me where Clint Granger is.
Rasher : I'm sorry, Detective. I'm afraid I don't know who that is.
Beckett : Are you sure? Because, looking around, I'm guessing he's the guy
Beckett : that you hired to steal Viggo Jansen's plans for the Mars simulation.
Rasher : Detective, I employ the world's best engineers.
Rasher : Why would I bother wasting my time on my competitor's technology?
Castle : Maybe because you're falling behind them?
Castle : It's no secret your last two rocket launches were spectacular failures.
UNK: You wanna win, so you needed to buy a competitive advantage.
Beckett : And after one of Jansen's team members
Beckett : discovered what you were up to,
Beckett : a man with your reputation and knighthood,
Beckett : you had no choice but to have him killed.
UNK: Killed?
Rasher : Who was killed?
Beckett : One of Jansen's astronauts. Tom Richwood.
Rasher : I had nothing to do with that.
Beckett : Well, the best way to convince me of that is to tell me where Granger is.
Beckett : Unless you prefer prison.
Granger : Okay, yeah.
Granger : I was spying for Sir Ian.
Granger : He promised me the pilot's slot on his mission if I did.
Granger : But I was telling the truth about Tom.
Granger : I didn't kill him. I have an alibi, remember?
Beckett : Alibis can be bought.
Beckett : We found your DNA on the gas mask.
Beckett : We know it was you in the access way.
UNK: Because I didn't want it to look like I had anything to do with this.
UNK: I went to make sure that
UNK: I hadn't left anything there that could point back to me.
Beckett : Like the murder weapon?
Granger : Oh, come on, if I killed Tom, do you really think I'd be stupid enough
Granger : to leave the murder weapon there?
Granger : Besides, I was never inside the simulation.
UNK: That would've been way too risky.
Granger : Too many opportunities to get caught.
Beckett : Then why the gas mask?
Granger : It was a precaution.
Granger : I wasn't using the tunnel to get in. It was a drop point.
Beckett : You were working with someone on the inside.
Granger : I needed access, he needed money.
Granger : So we struck a deal.
Granger : He'd download schematics and plans
Granger : and drop them for me in the tunnel.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Mikhail Dankov. The astronaut?
UNK: If Tom was onto him, then maybe he's your killer.
Beckett : We checked his tracker.
Beckett : He was inside the habitat at the time of the murder.
Granger : Mikhail knew if his movements were being recorded,
Granger : he'd never get away with what we were doing.
Granger : So he beat the system.
Granger : He cloned his tracker before they embedded it under his skin.
Granger : As long as no one was looking, he could slip out at any time.
UNK: Mikhail?
UNK: Yes?
Esposito : I'd like a few words with you.
Beckett : What about?
Esposito : Your business relationship with Clint Granger.
Esposito : Hey! Hey!