Beckett : And where were each one of you when this happened?
Kim : Angela, Rusham and I were here, in the command module.
Kim : Mikhail was over in engineering.
Beckett : And is there access to the outside from engineering?
Mikhail : There is emergency hatch,
Mikhail : but if I had gone through it, the alarm would have sounded.
Kim : Plus, as part of the program, we're all closely monitored.
Kim : In case we lose consciousness
Kim : or there's a suit malfunction on an EVA.
Kim : We all have trackers under our skin.
Haroum : And M.I.R.A. keeps a record of all our movements.
Castle : Who's Mira?
Angela : That's what we call the mission computer.
Beckett : Well, I'd like to take a look at those records.
UNK: I will be happy to provide you
Mira : with any records you require, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : It talks?
Kim : Yeah. We think of her as the sixth member of the crew.
Castle : Isn't that a little 2001?
Haroum : She is programmed to learn and adapt,
Haroum : but she's more Siri than HAL.
Haroum : Ask her where you are.
Castle : M.I.R.A., where are we?
Mira : You are aboard the vessel Tenzing Norgay
Mira : in the northern lowlands of Mars.
Mikhail : She actually thinks she's on Mars.
UNK: Regardless, I'm gonna need to ask
Beckett : all of you to join me at the precinct
Beckett : so I can interview you properly.
UNK: That could be a problem.
Ed : I'm sorry, Detective, I can't let you remove the astronauts.
Ed : I don't have that kind of authority.
Beckett : Well, then who does?
UNK: Viggo Jansen : That would be me.
UNK: Viggo Jansen : And my astronauts aren't going anywhere.
Castle : That's Viggo Jansen! The Viggo Jansen.
Jansen : Detective, if we shut down now,
Jansen : we will lose months of priceless data.
UNK: Millions of dollars' worth of experiments will be compromised.
Jansen : We'll lose half a year, and we don't have that time.
Beckett : Mr. Jansen, it's not a request.
UNK: A man has been murdered, I need to conduct an investigation.
Jansen : And I will do everything in my power to help you,
Jansen : short of shutting down my sim.
Jansen : Mars is our generation's space race,
UNK: and my team's gonna be first,
UNK: not the Chinese, or Mars One,
UNK: or that puffed-up movie producer, Sir Ian Rasher.
Beckett : I could get a court order to compel you.
Jansen : And with my legal team, it'll take you months.
UNK: Or we could work together.
Jansen : I give you all the access you need,
Jansen : and my simulation keeps running.
Becket : Fine. For now.
Becket : But if I find out any of those people are responsible,
Becket : you won't stop me from removing them.
Ryan : Yeah. Well, according to this tracking data,
Ryan : none of them seem responsible.
Ryan : They were all exactly where they said they were
Ryan : at Tom's approximate time of death.
Ryan : It even confirms that the mission's rover
Ryan : was still parked at the habitat at the time of the incident.
UNK: Well, there goes my Rise of the Machines theory.
Beckett : Okay, so if all the people inside are accounted for,
Beckett : then our killer must have come from outside of the simulation.
Jansen : We would know.
Jansen : The airlock door is the only way in or out.
Jansen : It's alarmed and monitored.
Ed : Uh, excuse me.
Mira : Detective Beckett, there's a message
Ed : coming in for you from the habitat.
Ed : I can put it on the monitor if you like.
Beckett : Yeah, please.
UNK: Hey, Espo, what do you got?
Esposito : I was just going through our victim's video diaries.
Esposito : There's something you need to see.
UNK: Six months in, and I know part of
UNK: this mission is a psych experiment.
UNK: Maybe the close quarters are starting to get to me,
Castle : but I think I'm starting to see things.
UNK: When I was out there today,
UNK: I could've sworn I saw someone,
UNK: and it's not the first time.
UNK: I know it's not possible,
UNK: but I don't think we're alone.
Esposito : Hang tight. I may have some more questions.
Beckett : Go ahead, Espo.
Esposito : Hey, so I just finished talking to the other astronauts.
Esposito : None of them seem to have any idea what Tom was talking about.
Beckett : All right, thanks, Espo.
UNK: The CSU just finished their initial sweep.
Ryan : There's no one else in that simulation.
Jansen : It's possible Tom was seeing things.
Jansen : All our tests show that being locked
Jansen : in a confined space with others
Jansen : can play tricks on your mind.
Castle : Only, delusions don't kill.
Beckett : And if what Tom said was true,
Beckett : then whoever killed him
Beckett : might have been able to get in and out undetected.
Jansen : I told you, Detective,
Jansen : given our security, that's impossible.
UNK: Sir.
Ed : Maybe not.
UNK: Mission Control Tech : At Detective Ryan's request,