Ryan : The simulation is like a bank vault.
Beckett : To get in, you gotta get past guards,
George : security systems, cameras.
George : But like a bank vault,
George : if you're motivated enough,
George : there's always another way in.
Castle : You really think someone could have
Castle : tunneled their way into the sim?
Beckett : No, but since George's alibi checked out,
UNK: we're gonna have to look at all of our options.
Beckett : Including the unlikely ones.
Beckett : According to George's map,
Beckett : this abandoned utility access runs directly under Jansen's facility.
Castle : Yeah, but who would hate Tom enough
Castle : to tunnel through five feet of concrete to kill him?
Beckett : I don't know, but...
Beckett : But it looks like someone did.
Beckett : Castle, boost me up.
Castle : Why am I always on the bottom?
Castle : Yes, dear.
UNK: Planets, dank access ways.
Castle : Is it just me, or does this remind you of Alien?
Beckett : I know that you want this to be science fiction,
Beckett : but we are not in space.
Castle : No! But wouldn't you like it to be?
Castle : Come on. You're a sci-fi geek.
Castle : Wouldn't you just love to go to Mars?
Beckett : Of course, I would.
Beckett : That's why I applied to Ian Rasher's program last year.
Castle : Wait, what? You applied to go to Mars?
Castle : Without me? When?
Beckett : Well, we were fighting.
Castle : Oh, okay. Well, I deserved that.
UNK: Oh, jeez. Castle.
Castle : See anything?
Beckett : Someone did tunnel up.
Beckett : Castle, I think I found the murder weapon.
Castle : Do you hear that?
UNK: Whoa. Hear what?
UNK: Oh, whoa!
Beckett : What happened?
UNK: Something is down here.
UNK: Something?
Beckett : What the hell is that?
Jansen : Told you this felt like Alien.
Beckett : Castle, stop. This is not Alien.
Castle : Did that look human to you?
Ryan : Actually, no.
Castle : Right. See, I'm betting it's a Xenomorph stranded here on Earth.
Castle : Attracted to the simulation because
Castle : it needs the toxic environment.
Castle : Probably saw Tom as encroaching on its territory and killed him for it.
UNK: What... What are you doing?
UNK: I'm checking you for bites and scratches.
Castle : Making sure you didn't somehow get impregnated.
UNK: If you think that's how I'd get pregnant, we need to talk.
UNK: There!
UNK: Beckett!
Castle : It shed its skin!
Beckett : It's not skin. It's a gas mask.
UNK: And that's a breathing hose. For a human.
Beckett : To protect themselves from the fumes of the simulation.
Beckett : Someone was trying to break in.
UNK: Yes, this was the access point.
Jansen : Why would someone tunnel into my simulation?