Ed : Seven months ago.
Ed : But he did say he'd be back to finish the job.
UNK: Clint Granger : Yeah, I was pissed.
UNK: Clint Granger : I'm still pissed.
UNK: Clint Granger : He slipped something into my drink before the final round.
UNK: Clint Granger : Slowed my reaction time.
Beckett : So you tried to run him over with your car?
Granger : It should have been me on that mission, not him.
Granger : He stole my spot in history.
Granger : And you ask me? He got what he deserved.
Granger : But I did not kill him.
Ryan : And yet we traced that cyber-attack
Ryan : to your apartment.
Granger : I am a pilot,
Granger : not a computer geek.
Granger : I couldn't rewrite that code if the mission depended on it.
UNK: You could've hired someone.
Granger : Yeah, but I didn't.
Granger : Look, when Tom was getting himself murdered,
Granger : I was at dinner with a friend in Connecticut.
Granger : And when that hack took place from my Wi-Fi,
Granger : I wasn't even in the country.
Granger : Someone's setting me up.
Beckett : Granger's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was at dinner with a friend when Tom Richwood was killed.
Castle : What about the night the hack took place?
Beckett : Granger was visiting his brother in Nova Scotia.
Beckett : It wasn't him.
Ryan : Mars, Nova Scotia.
Ryan : This guy really loves barren landscapes.
Castle : Come on, Ryan. You're telling me
Castle : you have no desire to go to Mars?
Ryan : I prefer my oxygen without a can.
Castle : Where's your sense of adventure?
UNK: Of exploration? Of destiny?
UNK: If I wanted to fly thousands of miles
Ryan : to see a lifeless orb,
Ryan : I could just visit Jenny's grandmother.
Ryan : Same hostile environment. Same freezing temperatures.
Ryan : Same noxious atmosphere...
UNK: Huh. Huh?
UNK: "Huh," what?
UNK: This is a video of Granger's apartment lobby
UNK: the night of the hack.
UNK: Check it out. This guy enters the building at 11 : 05 p.m.,
UNK: just before the hack took place. Now watch...
UNK: Fifteen minutes later...
Beckett : He leaves the building.
Beckett : He could have piggybacked on Granger's wireless,
Beckett : and used that to carry out the attack on the simulation security.
Ryan : Yeah, but who is he?
UNK: Name's George Reyes.
Esposito : The folks down at Mars 2018 recognized him immediately.
UNK: He's the senior facilities engineer,
UNK: and he called in sick yesterday.
Esposito : Nobody's been able to reach him since.
Beckett : Did he have a motive to break into the simulation and kill Tom?
Esposito : Not that anyone knew.
Esposito : But his colleagues say that he's been acting secretive
UNK: for the last couple of days,
Esposito : ever since receiving a private communique from his wife.
UNK: What has his wife got to do with this?
Esposito : Maybe everything.
Esposito : Ask me who his wife is. Who's his wife?
Esposito : Angela Olvera.
Esposito : One of the other astronauts.
Beckett : So what was on the message?
Angela : I was letting George know that I wanted out of our marriage.
Castle : You broke up with him from space?
Angela : He was sending me all these sweet e-mails.
Angela : I couldn't let it go on.
Angela : I had to tell him that I had fallen for someone else.
Angela : Someone on the mission.
Castle : Was it Tom? No. Not Tom.
Jansen : Oh, God.
Beckett : What? Angela?
Angela : I didn't say who it was in my letter.
Angela : Maybe he thought it was Tom.
UNK: Well, did he have reason to?
Angela : Yeah, he did.
Angela : Tom wouldn't stop hitting on me all through training.
Angela : George told him if he didn't stop, he'd make him pay.
Esposito : Yo, I found him.
Esposito : He's at the airport. Just bought a ticket to San Francisco.
Esposito : Airport security just picked him up.
UNK: George Reyes : We were a team, Angela and me.
UNK: We were gonna go to Mars together or not at all.
UNK: George Reyes : But when she got in and I didn't,
UNK: George Reyes : I couldn't stand in her way.
Castle : Hard enough to have her leave the planet,
Castle : but to leave you for someone else?
UNK: You must've been devastated.
George : Try utterly destroyed.
Beckett : Is that why you hacked security?
Beckett : In order to break into the simulation,
Beckett : and kill the man that you thought was Angela's lover?
George : I'm telling you, I had nothing to do with Tom's death.
George : I was going to sabotage the mission.
UNK: I figured if the simulation suffered a catastrophic failure,
George : it'd set the program back, and Angela would come home to me.
George : But I chickened out. The hacks,
George : setting it up to lead back to Granger, that's as far as I got.
George : I never went inside,
George : and I sure as hell didn't kill anyone.
Castle : Then why were you leaving town?
George : She dumped me.
UNK: How was I supposed to keep going to work there?
George : I needed a fresh start.
UNK: And since I got her letter,
George : I've spent nights drowning my sorrows at O'Malley's.
George : That's where I was when Tom was murdered.
George : You can ask them.
UNK: Okay. Then, so who else could've used your hack
Beckett : to get through the simulation's airlock?
George : It was calibrated to my biometrics. No one else could've used it.
Castle : - But someone did. - No.
George : If they got in, they did it some other way.
Beckett : There is no other way.
George : I'm not so sure about that.
Beckett : What do you mean?
George : I studied the facility plans.