Castle : and two Joes who need a ride back to the bear cave.
Castle : I once had Derrick Storm beat up a trucker.
Trucker : Someone's cutting in. Ah, it's just static.
Castle : Hello? Do you copy? Can you copy me?
Beckett : The mic must be broken.
UNK: Hey, hey! The guy's gone!
UNK: This is gonna be our best chance to make a run for the Chinese restaurant.
Castle : Okay. I'll go.
Beckett : No, we go together.
Castle : What? With his ankle? And we can't leave him alone.
Castle : And one of us has a better chance of going unnoticed.
Beckett : Castle, I'm the cop.
Castle : Which is why you should stay with the witness.
Castle : Besides, it's him they want dead, not me.
Leo : Thanks for the reminder.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Don't worry.
Castle : I'll bring you back a doggie bag.
UNK: All right. Just be inconspicuous.
Castle : Just an average white guy walking in the Bronx,
Castle : middle of the night. What could go wrong?
Ryan : So we think we know what
Ryan : Mickey and our victim were fighting about.
Ryan : Camera was too far away, so Tech couldn't read their lips.
Esposito : But we found something else.
Esposito : Look what happens right after Mickey leaves.
Esposito : Check out the guys in the car.
Gates : Those are federal agents.
Ryan : Looks like McMurtry was informing on Dolan to the feds.
Esposito : Which explains why Mickey Dolan wanted him dead.
Gates : And if the feds had eyes on Dolan, they may know where he is.
Beckett : Chinese restaurant.
Beckett : Chinese restaurant.
UNK: Something smells delicious.
UNK: You don't wanna do that.
UNK: I'm so sorry about kicking you in the... You know.
Castle : No hard feelings, right?
UNK: We're all good? We're all good.
UNK: I don't know. Kind of depends on you.
UNK: Nervous?
UNK: No. I'm just trying to send a message.
Beckett : They can hear static when I press the button.
Beckett : So I thought I'd send an SOS, but...
Leo : It's okay to be worried.
UNK: He's gonna be fine.
Beckett : He's smart. And he's resourceful, so...
UNK: Larger-than-life. From another world.
Beckett : How did you...
Leo : Please, we're in a basement. Sound carries. I heard.
Beckett : That was a personal conversation.
Leo : About how different you two are, and that worries you, right?
UNK: I don't wanna have this discussion right now.
Leo : And those differences that are so charming now,
UNK: they may end up just pulling you apart.
Beckett : Who are you, Dr. Phil?
UNK: No.
Leo : Just a guy that may die tonight realizing that life's short.
Leo : Trust me, living your life for now
Leo : makes a lot more sense than worrying about the future.
Dolan : So where's Leo?
Castle : Leo who?
Dolan : You're funny. I like that.
Dolan : So I know the chick's a cop. But you don't smell like NYPD.
Dolan : So what's your skin in this game?
Castle : I'm a writer. Work with the police department.
Dolan : Oh, yeah? What do you write?
Castle : Mystery novels.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: I don't have patience for books.
Dolan : But when I do read, I tend to skip to the last page.
Castle : Well, that kind of spoils the fun, don't you think?
Dolan : Eh, maybe.
UNK: But I got damn good at figuring out endings.
Dolan : Like, in the case of our little story,
Dolan : I'm pretty sure it's only gonna end one way.
UNK: You're gonna tell me where the hell that cop has my witness.
Castle : You know what you're asking?
Castle : Why would I tell you where they are?
Castle : I mean, I'm already dead, but I'm gonna let you have them, too?
Dolan : You play poker?
UNK: Well, I've cashed in my fair share of chips.
Dolan : Me, too.
UNK: And I find the key is in reading a man's bluff.
Dolan : So let's test your bluffing skills.
Dolan : When we picked you up, you were on your way for help, right?
Dolan : That means Leo and the cop are in a building somewhere laying low.
Dolan : Now, is that building on the north side or south side of the street?
Dolan : - North. - That means south.
Dolan : We picked you up on the corner of 225th and Lex.
Dolan : So they're within a couple of blocks.
Dolan : Are they on 227th?
UNK: 226th?
UNK: 224th?
Dolan : Ah. 224th it is.
UNK: Go get 'em.
Leo : They're coming back. What should we do?
Gates : Thank you for coming, Agent Lucas.
UNK: Fbi Agent Lucas : - You made it sound urgent. - It is urgent.
Gates : One of my detectives and her colleague are missing.
Lucas : I'm not sure how I can help you.
Gates : You can tell me where to find Mickey Dolan.
Lucas : I can't discuss the Dolan case.
Gates : That is not acceptable.