Gates : My people are out there and I don't even know
Gates : if they're dead or alive.
Gates : Now where is he?
Lucas : We have no idea where he is.
UNK: The man just killed your informant. You realize that, don't you?
Lucas : Father McMurtry was not our informant.
Esposito : Dolan is your informant?
Lucas : Not yet. But we knew he and McMurtry were friends.
Lucas : McMurtry was trying to get Dolan to turn State's evidence
Lucas : against the O'Reilly family in exchange for immunity.
Lucas : We just brought Dolan in to discuss terms.
Esposito : So you have him in protective custody.
Castle : He was.
UNK: Then today, when he found out Father McMurtry had been shot,
Lucas : he lost it.
Lucas : Dolan slipped out on the two agents who were guarding him,
Lucas : and he escaped the safe house.
Esposito : Wait a minute.
Esposito : If he was in federal custody on the night of the murder, then...
Ryan : Then he didn't kill Father McMurtry.
Gates : So who did? Who had motive?
Ryan : The O'Reillys.
Ryan : It was Dolan's testimony that would send them all up the river.
Lucas : That's why they're all leaving town. That's why they killed McMurtry.
Lucas : To draw him out.
Gates : So Dolan is hunting whoever killed the priest,
Gates : and the O'Reillys are hunting Dolan.
Lucas : And both sides will take out anyone who gets in their way.
Beckett : Get the gun! Get the gun!
Beckett : What are you doing, Leo?
Leo : My job.
Leo : Who are you?
Leo : Let's just say I'm an independent contractor
Leo : trying to get close to his mark.
Beckett : So you're not a witness?
Beckett : You're just pretending.
Beckett : You killed McMurtry because you were trying to get to Dolan,
Beckett : and you knew that if you played the witness,
Beckett : he would come to you.
Leo : Quick study.
Beckett : Why the charades?
Beckett : Why didn't you just kill Castle and me?
Leo : Well, it's a little hard to play the innocent witness
Leo : with two bodies lying around,
Leo : so I had to go along with the whole "on the run" thing.
Leo : But now time has run out and I have to make my next move.
Leo : You, where's your phone?
UNK: Look, you don't wanna do this.
Castle : Killing a cop? You know what kind of trouble that brings.
Dolan : Kill her? Trust me, I'm not planning to kill her.
Castle : Well, McMurtry trusted you and look what happened to him.
Dolan : You think I killed Joey?
Dolan : Joey was my best friend.
Dolan : Long after our lives went off in separate directions,
Dolan : he never gave up on me.
Dolan : I'd never hurt him.
Dolan : I can't say the same for whoever iced him.
Dolan : That's why I need to talk to the witness
Dolan : before you put him in protective custody,
Dolan : so I can find out who the hell the son of a bitch was
Dolan : that took Joey out.
Castle : How do I know I can trust you?
Ryan : You don't.
Dolan : But you don't have to.
Dolan : All you have to do is sit here and wait for my phone to ring.
UNK: And then when I get what I want,
Dolan : we all walk away, alive.
Dolan : Whether you believe me, or not.
Leo : Here. Take the phone.
UNK: You get him?
Beckett : Sorry, Mickey. Maybe you should've sent more guys.
UNK: Maybe. I underestimated you, Detective.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I wouldn't make that same mistake again,
Beckett : especially if you hurt Castle.
UNK: So how about if we make a trade?
Dolan : I'll give you your writer back, you bring me the witness.
Gates : No. No.
Beckett : I'm not agreeing to anything until I know that Castle is okay.
Dolan : Shakespeare, you're up.
UNK: Kate?
UNK: Castle? Are you okay?
Castle : Yeah, I'm fine.
Castle : Listen, crazy as this sounds,
Castle : I actually think Mickey just wants to talk.
UNK: Everything's gonna be fine.
Beckett : I hope so.
Beckett : Maybe then we can reschedule something with our parents.
UNK: Maybe we could go and watch a baseball game, you know?
Beckett : Something that all four of us can enjoy.
Dolan : Good enough?
Beckett : Where should we meet?
Dolan : Under the Costello Bridge.
UNK: It's about three blocks from you. In about 15 minutes.
Leo : Well played.
Beckett : Let's go.
Leo : Not everything I told you was a lie. I really did have a shrink.
Leo : But then he diagnosed me as a sociopath with homicidal tendencies,
Leo : so I had to kill him.
Beckett : Listen, Leo, you don't want to do this, okay?
UNK: Killing a cop's gonna bring you a lot of grief from the NYPD, the FBI.
Beckett : Just let me go.
UNK: Yeah, sorry, I can't do that.
Leo : I did find your relationship fascinating, though.
Leo : Boy, you and Castle have some real issues.