UNK: Is it them?
Beckett : Yeah, that's them.
Castle : Well, our night has officially been trashed.
UNK: Hurry, Castle, the pay phone, before they get back.
Castle : I can't believe they still have these things.
Castle : All right, does anybody have a... A dollar? Are you kidding me?
Beckett : You don't need coins to call 91... We got to keep moving.
UNK: Oh, great. That's just great.
Leo : We're stuck in the outer borough with two mobsters trying to kill us
Leo : and no means of contact to the outside world.
Beckett : Leo, would you just relax? Okay?
Beckett : We just gotta find a phone.
UNK: Are there any 24-hour businesses around here?
Leo : No. Not that I know of.
Castle : Maybe we can borrow a cell from someone.
Leo : Yeah, from who? Around here,
Leo : no one's out this time of night unless they have a death wish.
UNK: Leo.
UNK: Oh, my God, this is insane. This kind of stuff doesn't happen to me.
Leo : I'm a paper salesman. I sell paper!
UNK: Leo!
Beckett : - Can you focus? - Yes.
UNK: You're gonna be okay, we're all gonna be okay.
UNK: We just have to contact my precinct.
Leo : - Yeah, how? - I think I know.
Esposito : Yo, Captain.
Esposito : We got a problem.
Gates : Okay, what's your problem?
Ryan : We tried to send Dolan's mug shot, but we can't reach Beckett or Castle.
Esposito : We called their phones, Beckett's radio, even called Castle's mom.
Gates : Did you ping her cruiser?
Esposito : Yeah. GPS shows it's heading down the Jersey Turnpike.
Gates : Ryan, have troopers intercept that car.
Gates : And, Esposito, go to that witness's address.
Gates : Find out what the hell's going on.
Esposito : Right on.
Beckett : Castle, it's not working.
Castle : It will. I'm disturbing the peace. They'll have no choice but to...
UNK: Oh!
Castle : ...offer me a beer.
Guy : Next time, I won't miss.
Guy : - You have any idea what time it is? - Yes!
Beckett : Please, we need your help.
UNK: You're gonna need some help, all right, if you don't stop buzzing.
Guy : So knock it off, before I do something.
UNK: Yeah, what are you gonna do? Call a cop?
Castle : Matter of fact, go ahead. I'm not gonna stop buzzing till you do.
Guy : Cops? Cops don't come up here, jack.
Guy : This hood, we're on our own.
Guy : You keep that up, I'm gonna come down there and hurt you real bad.
Leo : So that's your big plan? Make more people wanna kill us?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Let's go.
Guy : Yeah, keep on walking.
Castle : Maybe a fight will bring the cops.
UNK: Sure, yeah. Or maybe the guys that are chasing us.
Leo : Assuming we survive.
Castle : Hey, I'm trying to get us out of this.
Beckett : Castle, you're the reason that we are in this in the first place.
UNK: What?
Beckett : The next time two thugs are about to jump us, and I say,
UNK: "Watch it," why don't you just listen?
Castle : Maybe if you had listened to me about the car...
Leo : Okay, well, I'm picking up some tension here
Leo : and I'm sensing it has less to do with the two maniacs chasing us
UNK: and more to do with the two of you.
Leo : And seeing as my life is in your hands...
Castle : You know what? We're fine.
Castle : Some of us more than others. What are you doing?
Beckett : There's a cell phone in the car.
UNK: Oh, thank God!
Beckett : And it's password protected.
Castle : Nice work. The alarm brought those guys back.