Beckett : and see if anyone had motive.
Esposito : A nun is meeting us downtown.
Esposito : She worked closely with him, so she might be able to shed some light.
UNK: Thanks. Yeah. We got it.
Martha : So, uh...
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Unis on the canvass got a hit on Chumson's Tavern.
UNK: Bartender there, Jerry Jenkins, says he knows about the murder,
UNK: but he'll only speak to a detective.
UNK: Okay, Castle and I'll talk to him. You guys chat with the nun.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. We're interviewing a nun?
UNK: Yeah. And I'm gonna be the good cop, you're gonna be the bad cop, so...
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Jerry Jenkins : I asked for a detective,
UNK: seeing as how my customers tend to get scared away by uniformed cops.
Beckett : Jerry, what do you know about the murder?
Jerry : Last night this guy wanders in. Leo.
Jerry : Says he heard shots on the corner of Fifth.
UNK: Then he'd seen some guy hustling out of the building there.
Jerry : Then today, I hear some priest got popped.
Castle : So this Leo was a witness. Any idea where Leo is now?
Jerry : He got pretty lit, so I loaded him in a cab
Jerry : and sent him home, up in the Bronx.
Beckett : - Do you remember the address? - Sure.
Jerry : 9245, 223rd Street.
UNK: - Right this way. - Oh, okay.
Ryan : Nun walks into a precinct. It's like the beginnings of a bad joke.
UNK: You wanna borrow a comb or something?
Ryan : Shut up.
Esposito : You know what this reminds me of?
Esposito : Watching one of those body-switching movies
Esposito : where the guy looks like a grown man but he's actually 12.
Ryan : Hey! Let me tell you something. Catholic school is like combat.
Ryan : Unless you've been there, you don't know.
Esposito : Uh, I have been there. In combat.
Esposito : And it's way worse than some old lady.
UNK: Sister Mary : This is a dark day.
UNK: Sister Mary : Father McMurtry was such a caring man.
UNK: Sister Mary : So devoted to his parishioners, his community.
UNK: That he should meet such a fate...
Esposito : Sister Mary, we have a few questions for you about Father McMurtry.
Ryan : That is, if you're up for it, Sister Mary.
UNK: Sister Mary : I can tell you anything you need to know about the Father,
UNK: Sister Mary : including who murdered him.
Esposito : You know who killed him?
UNK: Sister Mary : Isn't that what I just said?
UNK: Sister Mary : I was afraid their friendship would end badly.
UNK: Sister Mary : But the Father was so trusting.
UNK: Sister Mary : Always trying to save lost souls.
UNK: Sister Mary : Even souls as black as that man's.
UNK: What man, Sister Mary?
UNK: Sister Mary : Michael Dolan.
Esposito : This is Mickey Dolan? The mobster? The enforcer for the O'Reilly family?
UNK: Sister Mary : The very same.
UNK: Sister Mary : He and Dolan grew up together.
UNK: Sister Mary : I tried to warn him, but he always believed
UNK: Sister Mary : he could set Mr. Dolan on a better path.
UNK: Sister Mary : He died believing it.
Ryan : If they were friends, why do you think that Dolan killed him?
UNK: Sister Mary : They had a terrible fight outside the church two days ago.
UNK: Sister Mary : I don't know what it was about,
UNK: Sister Mary : but the Father was very upset afterwards.
UNK: Sister Mary : Very upset.
Esposito : Well, a fight alone doesn't prove...
UNK: Sister Mary : I wasn't finished.
UNK: Of course. I'm sorry.
UNK: As I was about to say, last night at 6 : 00,
UNK: Sister Mary : the Father got a call and left in the middle of mass.
UNK: Sister Mary : He told me the call was about Dolan.
Castle : The priest and the mobster. It's a classic story.
Castle : Friends since childhood, one takes a higher calling
Castle : while the other follows a path to crime and murder.
Beckett : If this witness can ID Dolan,
Beckett : then his path is gonna lead straight to state prison.
Castle : And I still think we should've taken the subway.
Castle : It's kind of dangerous to park up here.
UNK: It's gonna be fine.
UNK: Yeah, what exactly did you mean earlier
Castle : when you said my mother could be more considerate?
UNK: I just... I meant that I wish that you would've asked her
Beckett : to stop criticizing my dad.
Castle : She was just expressing an opinion.
UNK: In much the same way your father was
Castle : when he basically called my mom flighty and stupid.
Beckett : My dad never said that, Castle.
Castle : You know what? Just drop it.
UNK: Fine.
Castle : But, you know, to be fair,
Castle : she was just commenting about his pastime,
Castle : while he was insulting her.
Beckett : Castle. Watch it.
UNK: - What? There's a big difference. - Don't!
Castle : Drop it.
UNK: Thug 1 : Toss your phones and wallet.
Castle : All right.
Beckett : You guys are making a big mistake.