UNK: Ryan.
Esposito : Bro, we got a problem.
Beckett : Okay. I don't think they saw us.
UNK: Yeah, they're not gonna stop looking.
UNK: Maybe I should try and talk to them.
UNK: Well, so I should what, just stay here and wait for them to find us?
Castle : Well, maybe that's not the only option.
Castle : If I can figure out the passcode for this phone, we can use it.
Beckett : So you're the Boy with the Dragon Tattoo now?
UNK: There's, like, 10,000 possibilities.
Castle : Do you have a better idea?
Beckett : Where's the nearest subway?
Castle : Now she wants to take the subway.
UNK: The C-train's six blocks from here.
Beckett : Okay, so on weeknights after midnight, it runs every half hour on the hour.
Beckett : What time is it now?
UNK: 1 : 20.
UNK: 1 : 20. Okay, so we're not gonna make the 1 : 30,
UNK: but we can make the 2 : 00.
UNK: We just sit tight for 10 minutes, then we'll make a run for it.
UNK: The subway is not Amtrak. There is no schedule.
Beckett : Yes, there is.
Castle : I've lived here all my life. There's no schedule.
Beckett : I've lived here all my life as well, and there is.
Beckett : You just don't know about it because it doesn't always run on time.
Castle : Which is the same thing as not having a schedule.
Castle : So what happens? We go there, the train is late. And then what?
Castle : We're sitting ducks.
Beckett : We're sitting ducks now.
Leo : Okay, I'm starting to feel like I might be safer outside.
UNK: Okay, fine, look, if I can't figure out the code,
Castle : then we make a break for the subway.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: I am so gonna die.
UNK: A tenant saw two guys break down the door
Esposito : and push into the apartment.
UNK: Sounds like Dolan sent guys to get the witness.
Gates : And Castle and Beckett got caught in the middle.
Esposito : What about Beckett's car? Did you find it?
Gates : Troopers stopped Beckett's cruiser on the Turnpike,
Gates : seems a couple of delinquents took it for a joyride.
UNK: It's likely Dolan's people took them.
Esposito : Or worse.
UNK: I got unis canvassing this building, see if anybody knows anything.
Gates : Okay. Coordinate with them and then you get back here ASAP.
Martha : Captain Gates?
Martha : Captain Gates.
Gates : What are you two doing down here?
Martha : Well, after I got a call from Detective Esposito,
Martha : I became very concerned, so I checked in with...
Jim : I can't reach Katie. What's the situation?
Gates : There's no cause for alarm.
Gates : It's just that we're having trouble pinpointing their precise location...
Martha : Oh, please stop. You are a terrible actress.
Martha : There is no way that anyone would've called me
Martha : if they weren't really worried,
UNK: and I wanna know what is going on here.
UNK: Okay. They went to interview a witness and we lost contact.
Gates : But we're doing our best to find them.
Gates : So I suggest you both go home and I'll call you the second I know more.
Martha : I am not leaving until I know what has happened to our children.
Jim : Neither am I.
UNK: All right, where is that fancy coffee machine
Martha : that Richard bought for the precinct?
Martha : - Over there? - The break room.
UNK: Okay. You want a...
Gates : I don't want to have to tell those two that I lost their kids.
Gates : Tell me you have something on Dolan.
UNK: No, nothing on Dolan, but I started looking into his associates.
Ryan : During the past week, they've all split town.
Ryan : It all could have something to do with this turf war.
Ryan : But I was able to locate one of Dolan's guys who's still around.
Ryan : Colin Clark. But he's flying to Dublin tomorrow morning.
Gates : - Then bring him in. - All right.
Leo : Do you see anything?
Beckett : No. But it doesn't mean that they're not out there.
Castle : - I got it! - You got it? How?
Castle : All I had to do was get inside the mind of the owner of the phone.
Castle : She drives a Mini, right? Tried that.
Castle : Nada. Look at the back of the case.
UNK: Hearts. Tried "love." Still no.
UNK: But look at the lock screen.