UNK: Are you okay?
UNK: Castle, did that really happen?
Castle : Do I have a...
Beckett : Oh, no.
UNK: 'Cause you got it.
Montgomery : This is outrageous!
Montgomery : An illegal detention of an NYPD detective?
Castle : Who says the government is unresponsive?
UNK: They're all over this alien cover-up.
Montgomery : Who are these men?
Beckett : Agents of some sort.
UNK: They probably are the ones who cleared out Marie's office.
Montgomery : Well, I'm glad you two are all right.
Montgomery : But no one snatches up my people and detains them.
Montgomery : I'll get into this.
Beckett : Those men knew who killed Marie and they refused to tell us.
Castle : They also refused to confirm
Castle : that J. Edgar Hoover liked to wear dresses.
Esposito : Abducted by government agents, huh?
UNK: Come on.
Esposito : What were you two really doing?
Beckett : It's not a hickey, Esposito.
Esposito : You both have one.
Castle : I wish it was a hickey.
Castle : It's from the injectors.
Esposito : Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Castle : They were Men in Black.
Beckett : Where are you with the vacuum packers?
UNK: So far, I've found over 100 machines in the five boroughs.
UNK: CSU is checking them as fast as they can.
Castle : And the cigarettes?
Esposito : No DNA match, but they are a Chinese brand.
Esposito : Only found in Asia or on the black market in Chinatown.
Castle : So maybe she was killed by an alien. Just an illegal alien.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Are those hickeys?
Castle : - Yes. - No.
Castle : I wish.
Ryan : Okay. So Tech just went through your vehicle.
Ryan : Turns out you were hit with an EMP, an Electromagnetic Pulse,
Ryan : which knocked out all the electronics.
Ryan : And here's how they found you in the first place.
Beckett : Tracers, listening devices.
UNK: They must've been watching the Science Center.
Beckett : That's when they put these accessories in my car.
Castle : Maybe that's what was up Marie's nose.
Castle : Perhaps they were tracking her, too.
UNK: No. It wasn't a tracer or an implant.
UNK: Lanie identified it as Aspergillus,
Esposito : it's a rare calcification resulting from a sinus infection.
Esposito : The calcification is so dense, it reads like metal.
Beckett : There you go. Logical explanation.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I'd disguise my tracking implants as a rare medical condition...
UNK: The bottom line is that these guys were desperate
Beckett : to get whatever Marie took. So we gotta find it first
Beckett : because that'll lead us to the killer.
UNK: Yeah, but we don't really know what we're looking for.
Beckett : But we do know that they don't have it.
UNK: Which means it wasn't at Marie's office.
Ryan : She maybe hid it somewhere.
Esposito : Maybe with someone she trusted.
Esposito : Somebody under the radar.
Beckett : Ted Carter said that Marie gave him some of his stuff back