Ryan : If she did, it was off the Jersey Turnpike.
Ryan : Her E-ZPass account shows her getting off at Exit 9.
UNK: Where did she go from there?
Ryan : Hard to say. I checked her credit cards, no activity in the area.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm mapping it.
Castle : New Jersey Turnpike,
UNK: Exit 9.
Castle : Let me share with you the many wonders that await us at Exit 9.
UNK: Well, there's an arts center,
UNK: a state park with scenic hiking trails and canoeing,
Castle : astounding amount of day spas,
Castle : and the Plainsboro Observatory.
UNK: Yeah, Marie was here on Wednesday.
Beckett : But she had access to her own telescope.
Beckett : Why would she need this one?
Joy : Marie usually worked with a radio telescope.
Joy : This is an optical telescope.
Castle : So she came here to get a visual on something?
Castle : Up there in space.
UNK: She said she'd picked up signal anomalies.
Joy : She wanted to see where they were coming from.
UNK: She took an image-capture, then she left.
UNK: Can we get a copy of that image?
Joy : I checked the telescope's hard drive.
Joy : She erased everything.
UNK: Coordinates, the image-capture. It's all gone.
Joy : She erased everything. What the hell did she see up there?
Esposito : Marie Subbarao, a sober-minded scientist,
Castle : believes she was abducted by aliens
Castle : after intercepting strange radio signals.
Castle : Using a telescope, she photographs the source of the signal.
Castle : The next day, dies mysteriously.
Castle : Then her office is raided by shadowy government agents.
UNK: I'm not asking you to dye your hair red and call me Mulder,
Castle : I would simply ask that you consider the possibility
Castle : that Marie had knowledge of or made contact with something up there,
Castle : that somehow led to her death.
Beckett : We will continue our investigation and solve this case
Beckett : and it will have nothing to do with little green men.
UNK: They're gray, actually.
Beckett : Castle, the truth, the real truth is out there.
Castle : Dead battery?
Beckett : Maintenance just replaced it.