Beckett : We now have leverage that we can use with our mystery agents.
Ryan : How? It's not like we can just call them up.
UNK: We do have the box of bugs.
Castle : It's the next best thing to a bat phone.
Beckett : We have what you want. You know where we are.
Espostio : You really think that's going to work?
Beckett : Please take a seat.
Westfield : So, where is it?
Beckett : Not a chance.
Beckett : I want something in return.
Beckett : The name of Marie Subbarao's killer.
Westfield : Ladies first.
Westfield : Why are you showing me this?
Castle : It's the photo that Marie took from the observatory,
Castle : of the alien ship.
Westfield : I'll be on my way now.
Beckett : Wait a minute. We had a deal.
Westfield : You said you had what I want.
Westfield : As it happens, you don't.
Montgomery : You're not leaving.
Montgomery : Marie Subbarao was murdered in the most awful way imaginable
Montgomery : and her killer is still out there.
Montgomery : You owe it to her.
Montgomery : Give us that name.
Westfield : Maybe she isn't who you think she is.
Beckett : What's that supposed to mean?
Beckett : I mean, if it's not this then what?
UNK: Why all of this fuss over an astrophysicist
Beckett : who analyzes radio signals?
Castle : Unless what she analyzed was secret.
Castle : That's it, isn't it?
Castle : She intercepted classified information.
UNK: You did say that, "She took something that was vital to our security."
Beckett : And we found Chinese cigarettes at the crime scene.
Beckett : Was she working with the Chinese?
Castle : Look, either you tell us the truth now
UNK: or we'll take what we know to the media.
Westfield : What makes you think they'll print it?
Castle : They probably won't,
Castle : but I know more than a dozen bloggers who will.
UNK: Not to mention over half a million of my own followers on Twitter.
Westfield : Nothing I say can leave this room.
Montgomery : You have our word on that.
Westfield : Last month, we determined that an enemy operative
Westfield : had intercepted classified coded data streams
Westfield : between the Pacific Fleet and the Pentagon.
Beckett : You think it was Marie.