Martha : I take it you have a plan?
Castle : You know I do, Mother.
UNK: Might I ask you what it is?
Castle : I'm going to get thrown in jail.
UNK: Yes?
Castle : Good morning, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, you can't be in here.
Castle : And yet here I am.
Castle : Your Honor, I was made a fool of yesterday on the stand.
Castle : I have a reputation to protect. So I would like a do-over.
UNK: - A "do-over?" - A do-over.
UNK: Okay, two things. One, that's stupid.
UNK: And two, your presence in my chambers is highly unethical.
UNK: I could hold you in contempt of court for this.
Castle : Well, I'd like to see you try.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Reggie, come in here, please.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, I'm aware of your friendship with the mayor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : So even though you don't deserve it, I'm gonna let you go.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Reggie, escort him out of the building, please.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Your Honor, I see you attended Iaw school at Hudson University.
Castle : That explains why you're so bad at your job.
UNK: Richard Castle : Excuse me?
Castle : Yes, you see, uh, everyone knows
Castle : only criminals attend Hudson University.
Castle : I, myself, have solved three homicides there.
Castle : - Hello? - Gloria Wollcott, please?
UNK: Speaking.
Martha : Yes, this is Tri-Mountain Security calling.
Martha : The alarm on your Connecticut home was triggered.
Martha : The officer responded,
Martha : and I'm afraid the report is that your residence was burglarized.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : What? Okay, I'm on my way.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : My house has been burglarized.
Castle : Your Honor, you know who I am and what I'm capable of doing.
Castle : - I can find those burglars for you. - How?
UNK: Well, first, we're gonna need a listing
Castle : of all the Hudson University students and alumnus in the Tri-State area.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Okay, that's it. Contempt. Have him thrown into a holding cell.
Nina : Hey. My trial was supposed to begin, Iike, five minutes ago.
Nina : What's going on?
Officer : Judge postponed your trial until tomorrow.
Officer : You'll be transported back to Rikers at the end of day.
Castle : Hey, so what are you in for?
Castle : Sorry, bad joke.
Nina : Don't talk to me.
Castle : Nina, look, I know about the affair with Sadie.
Castle : The ADA knows it, too. He is going to use it to bury you.
Nina : Why are you telling me this?
Castle : I was there, Nina. I saw you.
Castle : I saw you with my own eyes.
Nina : I didn't kill Sadie. I loved her.
Nina : So, yeah, you were there, but you saw it wrong.
Castle : So tell me what I missed.
Nina : I found Sadie on the ground.
Nina : Someone had already stabbed her.
Nina : She was struggling to breathe. So I pulled the poker out.
Nina : I was trying to help her.
Castle : So, then, why did you run?
Nina : I knew how it looked. I panicked.
Castle : Why didn't you tell that to the police when they caught you?
Nina : Please. I've been arrested before.
Nina : And I got screwed over. You know why?
Nina : Because none of the cops believed me.
Nina : I wasn't going to make the same mistake twice.
Castle : - Did you at least tell your lawyer? - Of course.
Nina : I told my original public defender all about the affair.
UNK: But he said it'd just come across as motive,
Nina : which, surprise, surprise, it did.
Castle : What about the fight?
Castle : The fight you had with Sadie outside the bar, the night before the murder?
Nina : That was nothing.
UNK: Nina.
Castle : Nina, I think you're telling the truth,
Castle : but I can't help you unless you tell me the whole story.
UNK: That fight was about a couple of things.
Nina : I was sick of sneaking around.
Nina : But Sadie was all paranoid
UNK: because she'd been caught cheating with other guys in the past.
Nina : Other guys?
Castle : So you were her first...
Nina : Lesbian? Yes. Is that a problem?
Castle : No, not with me. You should check my search history.
Castle : But you said you were arguing about a couple of things.
Nina : What really pissed me off
Nina : was that Sadie asked me to do something at that cocktail party.
Castle : What did she ask you to do?
Nina : Bring her Roger Masters' empty champagne glass.
Castle : Roger Masters, the host?
Castle : Why would she want his empty glass?
Nina : She wouldn't say.
Nina : And that really got me fired up, because if I got caught stealing,
Nina : even something as trivial as a champagne glass,
UNK: I would've lost myjob.
Castle : But you stole it for her anyway, didn't you?
Officer : At the end of the day, I'd do anything for Sadie.
Nina : And she knew it.
Nina : She had me wrapped around her finger the moment I met her.
Castle : Walk me through it. Tell me what happened.
Nina : When Roger was done with his champagne,
Nina : I retrieved the empty glass and quietly handed it off to Sadie.
Castle : - What did she do with it? - Went upstairs.
UNK: I followed her up, like, 20 minutes later to see what was going on.
Nina : That's when I found her.
Castle : - And you told all this to your lawyer? - Yes.
UNK: But my original public defender was too overloaded with other cases.
Nina : And truth be told, he thought I was guilty.
Nina : He wanted me to take the ADA's plea deal.
Nina : Thank God Caleb Brown took over. At least he's fighting for me.
UNK: Yo, how's it hanging, jailbird?
Ryan : You already pissed off the ADA, so, what, you figured,
Ryan : why the hell not piss off the judge as well?
Castle : Yeah. Can you guys get me out of here?
Esposito : Already done. The bailiff called us to come get you.
Castle : I'm going to figure out what happened.
Castle : I promise.
UNK: Are you out ofyour mind?
Castle : I didn't do anything wrong.
Beckett : You tricked a judge to postpone a trial,
Beckett : and then you illegally questioned the defendant.
Castle : Yeah, but other than that, I didn't do anything wrong.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett, Castle's convinced that Nina is innocent now.
Beckett : Because what? Because Sadie wanted Roger's glass?
Castle : I think she was after his DNA.
UNK: Why?