Masters : My wife and I hosted the cocktail party where your client killed Sadie.
Brown : Did you see my client kill her?
Masters : No. No, I did not.
UNK: Lanie Parish : The fireplace poker punctured the rib cage,
UNK: Lanie Parish : and nicked Mrs. Beakman's aorta,
UNK: Lanie Parish : causing massive blood loss and her eventual death.
Brown : Did Mrs. Beakman die immediately?
UNK: It would've taken five to 10 minutes for her to succumb to her wounds.
Brown : Dr. Parish, would Mrs. Beakman have been in much pain?
Lanie : Yes. Excruciating pain.
Brown : No further questions, Your Honor.
UNK: Javier Esposito : The defendant was on the run...
UNK: until my partner caught up with her at Grand Central Terminal.
Brown : And did my client confess?
Esposito : No. She didn't make a statement.
Esposito : The only thing she said was that she wanted to speak with a lawyer.
Weller : The People call Richard Castle.
Bailiff : Raise your right hand.
Castle : Oh, sorry. This right hand.
Bailiff : Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,
Bailiff : - and nothing but the truth? - I do.
Weller : Mr. Castle, what is it that you do for a living?
Castle : I'm a murder mystery novelist.
UNK: Have you held any otherjobs?
Castle : Yes, six years as a civilian investigator,
Castle : working with the NYPD, homicides for the 12th Precinct.
Weller : So you're a bit of an expert when it comes to solving murders?
Castle : Yes. And I use that expertise to lend authenticity to my novels.
Weller : Now, what brought you to the home of Roger and Joanna Masters
Weller : on the evening of September 14, five months ago?
Castle : Joanna Masters won a charity auction
Castle : to have me come to her home and do a private reading
Castle : of Driving Heat, my latest novel, due to come out the following day...
Castle : Oh, my!
UNK: Joanna Masters : Richard Castle. In my home.
Castle : It is a pleasure to meet you.
Joanna : Oh, I just adore your books. I mean, Nikki Heat is like my role model.
Joanna : - I love her. - Me, too.
UNK: - And you are too kind. - And you are too cute.
Castle : - Keep talking. - Please, come in. Come in.
UNK: Oh.
Joanna : I'd like you to meet my husband, Roger.
Castle : - Richard. Nice to meet you. - Welcome.
Castle : - Thank you. - And, uh...
UNK: That's when I met Sadie Beakman.
Castle : - Nice to meet you. - Lloyd, and their lovely daughter, Annie.
Castle : Richard. Nice to meet you.
Joanna : Now, I'm sure you recognize Sadie from her Iraq war news reports.
Joanna : But she also owns and operates BeakmanReport.com...
UNK: Castle voiceover : After meeting the soon-to-be-victim,
UNK: Castle voiceover : I met the soon-to-be killer.
UNK: Champagne?
Castle : Thank you so much for being here. Thank you for having me.
Castle : Sorry about the small poster. I ran out of the big ones.
Castle : Driving Heat, written by this guy.
UNK: "The last thing Nikki Heat expected"
UNK: "when she received her promotion to Captain of the NYPD..."
UNK: Castle voiceover : After the reading, I needed to use the restroom...
UNK: Sorry, I'm gonna be a while.
UNK: Castle voiceover : So I went to use the facilities upstairs...
UNK: Stop!
UNK: Castle voiceover : That's when I saw the defendant kill Sadie Beakman.
Weller : Let the record reflect the witness has identified
Weller : the defendant, Nina O'Keefe, as the woman in question.
Brown : Nothing further, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Brown, your witness.
Brown : Mr. Castle, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
Brown : I only have a handful of questions.
Brown : First, is it possible that my client did not kill Mrs. Beakman?