UNK: Roger was her cameraman for 20 years.
Castle : Nina said that Sadie had had affairs with men in the past.
UNK: Maybe they'd had one,
Castle : and Sadie's daughter was actually Roger's.
Beckett : So, uh, what, you think that Sadie cooked this whole thing up
Beckett : so she could get a DNA sample for a paternity test?
Castle : Only one way to find out.
Ryan : What do you want us to do, Captain?
Man : - I... - Beckett, look.
UNK: Uh, go talk to Roger. See what he knows.
Vikram : - What is he doing here? - I'll handle this. You just be normal.
Brown : Captain, you crossed the line.
Brown : I know that you had Castle go in and interview my client...
UNK: Look, Counselor, Castle and I are separated.
UNK: He's no longer associated with the 12th Precinct.
Beckett : So neither I, nor the NYPD can be held accountable for his actions.
Brown : - So you knew nothing about it? - That's what I said, isn't it?
Brown : - I don't believe you. - And I don't care.
Brown : Typical cop.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: What?
UNK: Look, ifyou repeat what I'm about to tell you, I will deny it.
Beckett : I have people looking into Nina's case.
Brown : - Do you believe that she's innocent? - I didn't say that.
UNK: But I think we have to be thorough.
Beckett : And now that the trial has been postponed,
Beckett : we have time to investigate further.
Brown : I appreciate that, Captain.
Beckett : Counselor, Nina wasn't your client until yesterday morning.
Beckett : Why are you so passionate about this case?
Brown : Well, for the same reason that I assume you are.
UNK: Justice.
UNK: It's Caleb Brown.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Yeah.
Brown : Yeah, I'm on my way.
UNK: So while the judge was heading home,
Brown : she called a neighbor who checked on her house.
Ryan : Turns out the house was not burglarized.
Brown : Anyway, she's ordered that the trial resume in a half an hour.
UNK: So ifyour people are going to help prove Nina's innocence,
UNK: they'd better hurry.
Castle : - You again. - Hello, Roger, we need to talk.
Roger : Well, now what?
UNK: Joanna.
Joanna : Well, hello!
Castle : Sorry for the interruption. This won't take long.
UNK: It actually can't. The trial is gonna start again in a few minutes,
Castle : and we need to nail down who the real killer is
Castle : before an innocent woman gets convicted.
Roger : What do you mean, innocent? You saw that woman kill Sadie.
UNK: No, Roger. I only thought I did.
Castle : You see, the mind is a funny thing.
Castle : It doesn't like a vacuum, so it fills in the blanks.
Castle : Much like when I discovered Sadie and Nina were having an affair,
Castle : I automatically assumed Nina killed her in a lover's quarrel.
Castle : When, really, the two of them were working together
Castle : to get something from you, Roger.
Joanna : What is he talking about?
Roger : I'm sure I have no idea.
Esposito : - May I? - Please.
Esposito : Turns out that Sadie asked Nina to bring her a glass with your DNA on it.
Esposito : The question is why?
Ryan : - My turn? - Go for it.
Ryan : We think that you were having an affair with Sadie.
Joanna : I knew it!
UNK: AII those years you were working together,
Joanna : your little secret conversations...
Joanna : You were cheating on me this whole time, weren't you?
Roger : Honey, it's not true. I swear.
Brown : You see, Sadie wanted a sample ofyour DNA
Castle : to prove that you are the father of Sadie's daughter.
UNK: Oh.
Joanna : - Oh, for the love of God... - I told you.
Castle : I don't understand.
Joanna : Roger is infertile
Joanna : due to a childhood illness. And Sadie knew that.
Joanna : Hell, the mailman probably knows it, given how much Roger talks about it.