UNK: Well, no. It was definitely her.
Brown : And you remember the events of the evening clearly?
Brown : Because I know that you have a history of memory loss.
Weller : Objection, Your Honor.
Brown : Goes to credibility.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : I'll allow it.
Brown : Mr. Castle, is it true that on May 12, 2014,
Brown : you were abducted by parties still unknown,
Brown : and then returned eight weeks later?
Beckett : - Yes. - And you still have memory loss?
Castle : Only of those eight weeks.
UNK: My memory ofyour client killing Mrs. Beakman is crystal clear.
Brown : But how can you be sure?
Castle : - Because I was an eyewitness. - Ah.
UNK: I'm so glad that you used that word. "Eyewitness."
Brown : Now, Mr. Castle, you gave a reading
Castle : of Driving Heat on the evening in question.
Brown : The continuing adventures of Nikki Heat.
UNK: Might you humor the court and just give us a short reading?
Brown : Just the highlighted section, ifyou please.
UNK: "Nikki had seen it often, as every cop had."
UNK: "Otherwise-reliable eyewitnesses conflate or confuse details"
UNK: "that seem indelible"
UNK: "to those not caught up in the trauma of the incident."
Brown : According to previous testimony,
Brown : you use your expertise with the NYPD to add authenticity to your stories.
Brown : Is that correct?
Castle : The defendant killed Mrs. Beakman. I know what I saw.
Brown : Just like you knew what you saw on February second, 2015?
Brown : Mr. Castle, did you give a statement to a Detective Neely, westchester PD,
Brown : that you were an eyewitness to the murder of Eva whitfield,
Brown : and that her husband, Cole, was the killer?
Castle : - Yes, I did, but... - And was Cole whitfield the killer?
UNK: Richard Castle : - No. - So you've been wrong before.
Castle : That incident was a set-up.
Castle : What happened to Mrs. Beakman was not.
Castle : I saw the defendant kill her.
Brown : Says the man whose own writings speak to the unreliability of eyewitnesses,
Brown : a man who has given false eyewitness statements in the past,
Brown : a man with a history of memory loss.
Beckett : Marcus, help him.
Weller : Don't you think I would if I could?
Brown : Mr. Castle, let's pretend that you're a character out of one ofyour novels.
Brown : Would Nikki Heat think that you are a reliable witness?
Castle : That is a ridiculous question. And, yes, she would.
Brown : I'm disappointed in you, Mr. Castle.
Brown : I thought you, of all people, would be sympathetic to my client.
Brown : Weren't you once framed for murder?
UNK: Yeah, that was 3XK, the serial killer.
Castle : He had a vendetta against me. That was different.
Brown : Why is it different for you, but not for my client?
Brown : What makes you so special, Mr. Castle?
Brown : Dr. Parish testified that the victim, Mrs. Beakman, was alive
UNK: for five to 10 minutes after being stabbed, and in excruciating pain.
Brown : Might it be that my client simply came across the victim
Brown : after the true killer stabbed her and fled?
Castle : - But that... - This is not one ofyour stories, sir!
Brown : You do not get to make up the facts as you see fit!
Brown : Now, my client is fighting for her life,
Brown : just as you once fought for yours against 3XK.
Brown : So, now, I ask you one last time.
Brown : Is it possible, Mr. Castle,
Brown : that my client did not kill Mrs. Beakman?
Castle : - Yes, it's possible... - Yes!
Brown : Yes, it is possible. Possible that you are wrong.
Brown : Nothing further, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, you may step down.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Mr. Castle, you may step down.
Weller : Mr. Castle.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Step down.