UNK: Hell, she forked over 15 G's to that stupid charity auction
Roger : to have the great Richard Castle read a couple of chapters out of his novel.
Beckett : Okay, so you went to Sadie, demanding more money, she refused.
Beckett : And then when you caught her in your office that night,
Beckett : trying to take what was yours...
Esposito : You grabbed the fireplace poker and you killed her.
Roger : No, I didn't even know Sadie was trying to steal the tape
Roger : until you guys showed up at my house earlier.
Beckett : Prove it. where were you at the time of the murder?
UNK: Do you promise not to tell my wife?
Roger : I was in the basement getting baked with Chip Evans and Lester Davis.
Roger : I lied because I promised my wife that I would stop toking.
UNK: It's just I'm... I'm under a lot of stress lately.
Castle : Please tell me you solved it.
Beckett : Roger's alibi checks out.
Beckett : We're back to square one with zero leads.
Beckett : Any luck with weller?
UNK: AII he cares about is getting a conviction,
UNK: And from the look of the jury,
UNK: when they find out about Nina and Sadie's affair,
Castle : he's going to get it.
Beckett : We need to figure something out.
Castle : I have an idea.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Saving an innocent woman's life.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : - Mr. Brown, your witness... - Stop the trial!
UNK: Okay, so, now what?
Castle : I don't know, I didn't think this one all the way through.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Hello, Your Honor, nice to see you again.
UNK: Hoping to make another visit to the holding cells, Mr. Castle?
Castle : No, Your Honor, once was plenty. Thank you.
Castle : And my sincerest apologies for the interruption.
Castle : However, there has been a development in the case.
Beckett : Excuse us, Your Honor,
Beckett : but the defense has a witness to call to the stand.
UNK: Uh, Your Honor, the defense would like to call Richard Castle to the stand.
Beckett : - So, Nina definitely didn't do it. - Tell me something I don't know.
Brown : Like, who did?
Roger : No idea.
Bailiff : Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,
Bailiff : - and nothing but the truth? - I do.
UNK: Looks like I get my do-over after all.
UNK: Um, Mr. Castle, yesterday you testified
UNK: that my client was guilty of killing Mrs. Beakman.
Brown : Do you still believe that's true?
Castle : No. Nina's innocent.
Brown : Okay. And when, may I ask,
Brown : did you change your mind about my client?
Castle : When I realized that Nina was a victim, a victim of bad timing.
Castle : First and foremost, my own.
Brown : Bad timing, you say.
Castle : It was my bad timing that brought me to the crime scene too late.
Castle : Had I gotten there earlier,
Castle : I would have seen Nina finding Sadie already stabbed.
Brown : Okay. But then my client ran.
Castle : - Why? - Because she knew how it looked.
Castle : While we're on the topic of bad timing, Iet's not fail to mention
Castle : the timing of Nina originally being paired with a public defender
Castle : who didn't care about the truth, unlike you, sir.
UNK: Um...
UNK: well, Mr. Castle, is there anything else you'd like to share with the court?
Castle : Yes. Good people of the jury, it is frightening to think about,
Castle : but Nina O'Keefe is on trial today
Castle : simply because I needed to use the restroom,
Castle : and the one downstairs...
Castle : Bad timing.
Castle : The bathroom downstairs was occupied.
Castle : Call 911!
Castle : Call 911!
UNK: I was rushing through to the back of the house,
UNK: Castle voiceover : thinking Nina was the killer
UNK: and thatshe was getting away, but the true killerneverleft.
UNK: The true killerwas stillin thatbathroom,
UNK: cleaning the mudfrom his shoes,
UNK: the mudhe collected trudging through the backyard,
Castle : to and from killing Sadie.
Brown : Mr. Castle, did you see this man?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Talk about bad timing.
UNK: He came outjust in time for me to catch him.
Brown : Can you point to this man in this courtroom,
Brown : the man who killed Sadie Beakman?
Castle : Yes, I can.
Castle : It was her husband, Lloyd Beakman.