UNK: Oh, I... You know, I think that would be a little...
Beckett : Do you need a tissue?
Castle : No, this is my... That's the secret "I love you" signal.
UNK: - Do you like it? - Rubbing your nose?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Yeah, that's really romantic.
UNK: Anyway, I gotta go and meet Vikram. I'll see you at the court.
Beckett : Yes, I love you, too.
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : Where are we on surveilling Caleb Brown
Beckett : and connecting him to LokSat?
Vikram : Exactly where we were last week.
Vikram : And the week before that. And the week before that.
UNK: So nowhere.
Vikram : Our target at the Public Defender's Office
Vikram : is like a super villain with no weaknesses.
Beckett : - Oh, come on, that's not possible. - Sure about that?
UNK: 'Cause Cee Cee and I have tried every possible...
UNK: wait, what? who's Cee Cee?
Vikram : No one.
Beckett : Did you give your computer a girl's name?
Vikram : - You don't know my life. - Huh.
Beckett : I've never been happier about that until this moment.
Beckett : Look, I am tired of lying to everyone. I want my life back.
Beckett : And given your new relationship with your computer,
Beckett : it's time you get yours back, too.
Beckett : So, let's figure this out. What is Caleb Brown's weakness?
UNK: Marcus Weller : This is going to be the easiest case I have ever tried.
Castle : How can you be so sure?
UNK: The defendant has a history of arrests
Weller : for robbing high-end houses while working as a cater waiter.
Weller : Sadie Beakman caught her in the act,
Weller : and the defendant killed her in order to get away.
Castle : Isn't that all circumstantial?
Weller : Yes, which is why it's a good thing I have you, an eyewitness.
UNK: The defendant really should've taken that plea deal I offered.
Castle : Yeah, why didn't she?
Castle : What do you think their defense is going to be?
UNK: Don't concern yourselfwith that.
Weller : No matter how he tries to spin the facts, you stick with what you saw.
Castle : Nina O'Keefe killed Sadie Beakman.
Weller : - The victim's family. - Oh, yes, I remember.
Castle : Hi. Nice to see you again.
Castle : Sorry it's under such terrible circumstances.
UNK: Annie Beakman : Yeah, us too.
Castle : So how are you holding up?
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : Some good days, more bad.
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : We can't seem to get over it.
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : You know, my wife spent two years embedded with troops in Iraq,
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : and not a scratch.
UNK: And then a party in Manhattan...
UNK: Lloyd Beakman : Doesn't make sense.
UNK: Well, we're going to get herjustice.
Beckett : - Marcus. Hey. - Glad you could make it, Captain.
Beckett : So, um, what is this I hear about you asking Lanie out?
UNK: No, no, no, you've got that wrong.
Weller : - Lanie asked me. - Really? That's... But I...
UNK: Nina.
UNK: Caleb Brown : My name is Caleb Brown. I'm from the Public Defender's Office.
UNK: Caleb Brown : I'll be representing you today.
Beckett : What is Caleb Brown doing here?
Weller : That's a good question.
UNK: AII rise.
Bailiff : This court is now in session.
Bailiff : The honorable Judge Gloria wollcott presiding.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : Be seated.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : Well, well, well, Mr. Caleb Brown.
UNK: Judge Gloria Wollcott : As lovely as it is to see you in my courtroom, where's Mr. Novak?
Brown : Your Honor, Mr. Novak's wife went into premature labor last night.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : - Oh, no. - The baby's fine. As is the mother.
Brown : But, obviously, Mr. Novak is unavailable,
Brown : so the Public Defender's Office asked me to take over.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : - And you're up to speed on the case? - Yes, Your Honor.
Brown : Plus, I did a little work of my own this morning.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Any objections, Mr. weller?
Weller : None, Your Honor.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : Then let's proceed, shall we? Bailiff, bring in the jury.
Weller : The People call Roger Masters, Your Honor.
UNK: Roger Masters : Sadie was kind, thoughtful. She was generous. I would know.
UNK: We were friends for over 20 years.
UNK: Roger Masters : I was her cameraman back when she was still a news correspondent,
UNK: Roger Masters : before she started her website...
Weller : Thank you, Mr. Masters. No further questions.
Brown : So the murder took place at your townhouse.
Brown : - Is that correct? - I'm afraid so.