UNK: It's nearly 5 : 00.
UNK: Judge Wollcott : We will pick this back up in the morning.
UNK: Court is in recess until 9 : 00 a.m.
Weller : Come here.
Castle : Marcus, I'm so sorry.
Castle : I don't know what happened. I got torpedoed.
Weller : No, no, no. You got nuked.
Beckett : - Are you okay? - Beckett, I just blew the entire case.
Beckett : Well, the trial's not over yet. Right, Marcus?
UNK: Look, I'm not gonna lie to you. We've got a serious problem now.
Weller : Castle, you've just given the jury reasonable doubt.
UNK: But there's got to be something we can do, right?
UNK: Well, we have until court resumes tomorrow morning to find new evidence,
Beckett : or another witness who can prove Nina's guilt.
Weller : Yes, however, what can you possibly uncover in less than 16 hours?
Beckett : I don't know, but we have to try.
Esposito : How many more times do we have to go through these case files?
Beckett : As many as it takes.
Ryan : Beckett, we've got stacks and stacks of hay here, but no needles.
Ryan : I think we need a new strategy.
Castle : I can't believe how badly I blew it up there.
UNK: This is my fault, guys. I'm sorry.
Ryan : Don't do that to yourself.
Ryan : We've all been tripped up on the witness stand.
Esposito : True. Back when I was in uniform,
Esposito : a defense attorney got my head so turned around
UNK: that I testified the defendant actually kicked my ass when I tried to arrest her.
Castle : What's wrong with that?
UNK: The defendant was a 75-year-old woman in a wheelchair.
Esposito : I lost all credibility with the jury.
Ryan : To this day, we pass the park where she feeds the birds,
Ryan : she snickers, turns to her nurse, and tells her the tale
Ryan : of how she got one over on poor little Javi.
UNK: Ms. Lucinda. I will get her one day.
UNK: But have any ofyou botched your testimony in a murder trial?
UNK: Exactly.
Beckett : Hey, Espo, that story about Ms. Lucinda,
Beckett : so she still talks about how she made a fool out ofyou?
Esposito : Yes. Thank you for rubbing it in, Captain Beckett.
UNK: No, you guys, we're approaching this wrong.
Beckett : I mean, we've been trying to find a clue from the murder,
Beckett : whereas we should be looking for a clue from after the murder.
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Nina's been held since her arrest.
UNK: She might've confessed something to a cellmate.
Beckett : - Let's bring Nina's cellmate in. - Mmm.
Castle : Hey. Thank you.
Beckett : - For what? - For not giving up on me.
Beckett : Well, you've never given up on me, so...
UNK: Castle, wait. Uh, not here.
UNK: Oh, right. we're separated. Oh.
Beckett : Are you okay? Do you have allergies?
UNK: No, that's the... That's the signal. That's the "I love you" signal.
Beckett : Oh, yes. You really should think of something better.
Castle : - It's adorable. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Damn. That's a good photo of Nina.
Bridget : You know, in my mugshot, I look like a train wreck.
Bridget : Probably because I was high on crack at the time.
Esposito : Just answer the question.
Esposito : Has Nina revealed anything about the murder?
UNK: Yup. And between the three of us, she's guilty as hell.
Ryan : What do you know?
Ryan : Okay, Bridget, what do you want?
Bridget : Oh, what does any girl want, Detective?
Ryan : The personal satisfaction of bringing a killer to justice?
UNK: 50 bucks in my prison commissary every week for the next 10 weeks.
UNK: 40 bucks for five weeks.
Bridget : Eight. And that's as low as I'll go.
Esposito : Deal, but you better have some solid information.
Esposito : Now, has Nina confessed to the murder?
UNK: No. But I know she did it.
Bridget : Look, here's the deal with Nina.
Bridget : She's a mouse. Doesn't talk much.
Bridget : Then one day she lets slip
Bridget : she's worried the prosecution might find out about her secret.
Ryan : What secret?
Bridget : Didn't say.
Bridget : I think it has to do with her boyfriend or something.
Ryan : What boyfriend?
Esposito : If Nina has a secret boyfriend out there,
Esposito : - there's a chance she confessed to him. - Yeah.
Castle : No, I'm just trying to figure out who Nina was dating when she was arrested.
Castle : - Am I working with the police? - No.
Castle : No, no. I went to high school with Nina.
UNK: What school? Uh... Taft?
Castle : Hello? Uh...
Esposito : None of Nina's people are going to help us build a case against her.
UNK: We're gonna have to figure a different way to identify Nina's boyfriend.
Ryan : I just did. Follow me.
Ryan : So I went through Nina's financials.
Ryan : It turns out, the night before the murder,
Ryan : Nina bought drinks at a bar in the East Village.
Ryan : Now, that bar went out of business.
Ryan : However, the hotel next door
Ryan : had surveillance footage from that night. Look.
Ryan : Now bear in mind,
Ryan : this is the night before Nina killed Sadie.
Esposito : There's Nina.
Castle : - Is Nina's boyfriend in this? - Not her boyfriend.
UNK: Wait for it... Her girlfriend.
UNK: Sadie?