Roger : It was a very traumatic experience.
Roger : As is this. I'd like you to leave.
Castle : Sorry, Roger, no can do.
Castle : Sadie wanted your glass. If not for DNA, then why?
Ryan : - Perhaps a fingerprint? - Why would Sadie need his fingerprint?
Roger : I have no idea.
Castle : Your wife does.
Joanna : - Right over there, behind the picture. - Joanna, how could you?
Joanna : Oh, please. I've been dying to know
Joanna : what you've been hiding in your safe for years now, Roger.
Joanna : And the fact that you didn't knock up Sadie
Castle : doesn't mean you weren't knocking boots.
Roger : If you think I'm opening that without a warrant, you're crazy.
Castle : How long would it take to get us a warrant?
Ryan : An hour or two.
UNK: We don't have that kind oftime.
Castle : - Joanna, you're a fan of Nikki Heat. - Yeah, so?
Castle : So how would you like to have a main character
Castle : named after you in my next book?
Roger : Joanna, don't you dare.
Joanna : - How about a villain? - Deal.
Roger : You wouldn't.
Esposito : What are we going to find on this tape, Roger?
UNK: He said it's here, right?
Roger : Yeah, but you know how they lie.
UNK: Here, found something.
Roger : Tell me that's not a WMD.
Roger : Whoa. You know what that is?
UNK: Yeah, one of the five-million-dollar
Sadie : duffel bags the CIA is handing out all over Iraq.
Roger : Let's take it.
Sadie : What? No.
Roger : Sadie, come on, it's five million bucks,
Roger : and no one's ever going to miss it.
Sadie : Roger, forget about it. We're reporters, not thieves.
UNK: I'll notify JSOC when we getback to base.
UNK: Allright, let's get out of here.
Beckett : - But you didn't leave it, did you? - You can see on the tape that we did.
Beckett : Sure, and then once you stopped recording,
Beckett : you went back to get it.
Esposito : Over a billion dollars in cash went missing during the Iraq invasion.
Esposito : What's a lousy five mil?
Esposito : - You couldn't just leave it, could you? - Yeah, that's exactly what I did.
Beckett : Except Sadie didn't, did she?
Esposito : No, she didn't.
Roger : She snuck back and took it for herself.
Roger : And then she smuggled it to the States, tried to cut me out.
Beckett : But you had the tape, and you used that to blackmail her
Beckett : so you could get your share.
Esposito : But Sadie didn't like you having all that leverage.
Esposito : What I can't figure out is,
Esposito : what took Sadie so long to try to get this tape back from you?
Beckett : Oh, I get it.
Beckett : You burned through the money that Sadie gave you originally,
Beckett : - so you needed more. - I am mortgaged to the hilt, okay?
UNK: AII my credit cards are maxed, and my wife won't stop spending!