UNK: Yup.
Weller : The victim and the killer were having an affair!
UNK: Why is my voice so high?
Weller : You see, Beckett, this is why I love the 12th Precinct.
Weller : You guys never let me down.
Beckett : This recording gives you a new motive for murder, and it's ironclad.
Beckett : Nina and Sadie were having an affair.
Beckett : Clearly they were fighting,
Beckett : and Nina, most likely, killed her in a crime of passion.
UNK: Okay. I will have my people track down former employees of this bar,
Weller : and hopefully one of them can corroborate the affair.
Beckett : Okay, and I'll have my team touch base with Sadie's family and friends.
Beckett : Maybe they can shed some light as to what was behind this little love affair.
Castle : You see, Marcus?
Castle : And you were worried.
Beckett : Okay, boys, we found Nina's coffin.
Beckett : Now, let's nail it shut.
Esposito : I'll talk to Nina's employees.
UNK: And I'll go talk with her friends.
Roger : Sadie was having an affair with that woman?
Roger : That is so twisted.
Joanna : Well, you never know what goes on behind closed doors.
Ryan : So you knew nothing about Sadie's extramarital affairs?
Roger : She was good at keeping secrets.
Castle : Then why hire the catering company that Nina worked for?
Roger : Sadie's recommendation.
UNK: She went to an event that they catered, said the food was amazing.
Joanna : I bet that's how Sadie and Nina met. What do you think, Richard?
Castle : Entirely possible.
Joanna : See, I told you I was a Nikki Heat fan. I even think like her, too.
Castle : - It's uncanny. - I know.
Castle : It's good that you moved the basketball hoop away from the townhouse.
Ryan : Oh, yeah, those things, they're just an invitation for burglars to break in.
Castle : Or murderers, like Nina, to break out.
Joanna : Well, we always keep the hoop there. Nina moved it.
Roger : Yeah, we didn't even realize that she had until the day after the murder.
Castle : How are you sure it was Nina that moved it?
Joanna : Well, if it wasn't her, who else could it have been?
UNK: Ryan, a moment. Excuse us.
Castle : The basketball hoop being moved speaks to a premeditative act.
UNK: Yeah, but our theory of this whole thing is a crime of passion.
Ryan : - What are you thinking? - That we don't know the whole story.
Castle : Someone else was up here before I caught Nina over Sadie.
Weller : Please tell me you're joking.
Castle : The fact the basketball hoop was moved is significant
Castle : because Nina didn't have any reason to do it.
Weller : Kate, why am I back here?
Beckett : Marcus, this is a legitimate concern.
Beckett : If Nina didn't move the hoop, then who did? And why?
Weller : Let's stick with what we know.
UNK: Castle saw Nina kill Sadie. End of story.
Castle : I'm not actually 100% sure about that anymore.
Weller : Wait, don't tell me you're buying into Caleb's ridiculous defense.
Weller : Rick, you got your bell rung in court today. It happens.
Weller : Caleb Brown is a hell of an attorney. Now you've got to let it go.
Castle : - So you're not going to investigate? - You saw the tape.
Weller : They were having an affair. It's a crime of passion.
Weller : Nina is guilty, plain and simple.
Castle : Don't we have to be sure?
Weller : Rick, look at me. I'm sure.
UNK: - Marcus, ifwe could just talk to... - Stop!
Weller : This case cannot afford to have you pour any more doubt into people's ears.
Weller : Listen, I know you two are separated and all,
Weller : but could you please talk to him?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Castle, are you sure that Nina's innocent?
Castle : I don't know.
Castle : But what's worse than letting a guilty person go free?
Beckett : Sending an innocent one to jail.
UNK: AII right, go home. I'll sneak by later.
UNK: So, you don't trust what you saw?
Castle : I don't know that I can anymore.
UNK: I just keep running it in my head, over and over again.
Martha : And you think Nina was just trying to help this poor woman?
Castle : Nina's back was to me. I didn't actually see the death blow. I...
UNK: You gotta believe me, you guys, it really looked like she did it.
UNK: Mmm. well, I believe you. It's just, honestly,
Martha : - it sounds to me like Nina killed her. - Me, too.
Castle : I have to find out for sure.
Alexis : Dad, there's no way to do that.
Brown : I know.
UNK: Or is there?
UNK: I've got it, and I'd only have to do two things.
UNK: One, delay the trial so I have a chance to investigate,
UNK: and two, have a one-on-one conversation with Nina.
UNK: Uh, Nina's lawyer will never allow it.
Castle : Which is why I'm going to have to be very clever with how I go about this.