Bilal : when my contact was killed by a bullet that was meant for me.
Bilal : Now, the rendezvous point was supposed to be a secret,
Bilal : which means there was a leak.
Bilal : I could trust no one.
Bilal : I had some leverage, so I agreed to meet again,
Bilal : but only in the company of somebody I trusted, somebody I knew,
Bilal : somebody too prominent to be eliminated.
Bilal : I knew only one such man. You.
Castle : How did we end up in that truck?
Bilal : The Russian had been hunting me, hired by Al-Qaeda.
Bilal : He finally caught up with me.
Castle : That's how you got wounded. Was I wounded, too?
Bilal : Fortunately, no.
Bilal : My ride's here.
Castle : I still have a lot of questions.
Bilal : There's no more time.
Bilal : I'm sorry, Rick.
UNK: Look, I was a cause of much upheaval in your life.
UNK: Now, please know that was never my intention.
Castle : In fact, I have the deepest gratitude
Bilal : for everything that you've done.
Castle : I just wish I could remember what it was.
UNK: As do I. I doubt we'll meet again. Be well.
UNK: Ilya Golovkin : Come away from the light.
UNK: Come.
UNK: Look, I'm not part of this.
Castle : I know absolutely nothing.
Golovkin : It does not matter.
UNK: Henry Jenkins : I thought we had an understanding, that you wouldn't pursue this.
UNK: Jenkins?
Jenkins : Well, you'll have to forget about Bilal Khan
Jenkins : and everything else that's occurred tonight.
UNK: Are you gonna help me to forget?
Jenkins : We'd prefer not to.
Castle : Yes, well, thank you for that. Oh, and...
Castle : That's for making me miss my wedding day.
Jenkins : You have no idea
Jenkins : how lucky you are, Mr. Castle.
Jenkins : As for missing your wedding,
Jenkins : that was unavoidable, if it's any consolation.
Castle : It's not. You dragged me halfway across the world.
Castle : You owe me an explanation.
Jenkins : I'm not at liberty to give you one.
Castle : Well, then I'm not at liberty to forget
Jenkins : about Bilal Khan or Golovkin here.
UNK: Dr. Carter Burke : Mr. Castle.
UNK: What? You're gonna kill me? You can't.
Castle : Raise too many questions.
Castle : That's why you brought me back from Thailand minus my memory.
Castle : I was gone two months, thanks to you.
Castle : I missed my wedding. What couldn't wait one more day?
Jenkins : There was a ticking clock.
UNK: We'd picked up chatter about a major Al-Qaeda strike in the US.
Jenkins : We knew it was hours away,
Jenkins : and there was never enough time
Jenkins : for us to put the pieces together in order to stop it.
Castle : But Bilal knew about the strike.
Jenkins : Names, places, operational details.
UNK: And we were desperate for Bilal and his intel.
Jenkins : And when his contact was killed, we needed you to get Bilal.
Jenkins : And he came through.
Jenkins : We were able to prevent the strike,
UNK: then we neutralized everyone involved.
Jenkins : That's all I can tell you.
Jenkins : And I expect you not to repeat it.
UNK: Think of it this way.
UNK: Yeah, you missed your wedding,
UNK: but you also saved tens of thousands of lives.
UNK: You should leave now, Mr. Castle.
Martha : You saved tens of thousands of lives?
Alexis : And went on a secret mission to Thailand?
Castle : Yes, unfortunately I cannot divulge any further specifics.
Alexis : If you told us, you'd have to kill us?
Castle : You mock, but it is for your own safety.
Alexis : I guess what really matters is you found out the truth, Dad.
Alexis : And the good news is it didn't turn out
Alexis : to be your worst-case scenario.
Castle : Yeah. Bad news is I can't brag about my heroic exploits to anyone.
UNK: Mmm. Oh.
Alexis : Though you're kind of doing that right now.
UNK: Totally.
Alexis : I have to go study.
Castle : See you.
Martha : You know, darling, Alexis and I do not need to know the details.
Martha : But I do hope you can tell Katherine.
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : Hey. I got here as soon as I could.
Castle : Never soon enough.
Beckett : I'm just glad that you're okay.
UNK: Um, don't tell Alexis or Mother
Castle : about the Russian assassin part.
Castle : I left that out of the story.
Beckett : Yeah. Well, um, there's no proof
Beckett : of what happened in that alley.
Beckett : By the time uniforms got there, his body was already gone.
Castle : If Jenkins can get rid of memories,
Castle : getting rid of a body would be child's play.
Castle : I am so sorry, Kate, for everything I put you through.
Beckett : Babe, it's not like you were partying in Thailand.
Beckett : You have the best excuse ever for missing our wedding.
Beckett : You were saving the world.
Castle : Yeah. Still a lot of unanswered questions, though.
Castle : Like how did I get shot? Why was I gone for two months?
UNK: Yeah, you may not know everything.
Castle : No. But I know enough.
Castle : Let's drink to that.
UNK: Yeah.