Castle : Yes, but you were looking for his killer.
Castle : I'm looking for this guy.
Castle : Jenkins is the mastermind behind this, or mastermind-adjacent.
Castle : He was probably in Thailand.
Castle : For all I know, he was driving the truck I was in.
Beckett : Castle, we could never locate Jenkins, much less find his real name.
Castle : But maybe now we can.
Castle : If Jenkins had contact with Powers,
Castle : there may be evidence in here that can lead us to him.
Esposito : Yo. We got a hit off that APB.
Esposito : Transit cop thinks he just saw Golovkin
Esposito : get off a subway stop at Sheridan Square.
Beckett : That's half a block from Jeff Powers' apartment.
Esposito : Yeah, maybe he went back there.
Beckett : Castle, stay put, okay?
Castle : Yeah, you be careful.
UNK: I will. The ESU's got my back.
Beckett : The seal is cut. Someone went inside.
Esposito : He might still be there.
Beckett : Okay, go.
UNK: Esu Officer 1 : - Police! - NYPD!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Esu Officer 1 : Detectives, over here.
Esposito : That's Amber, the stripper.
Esposito : Golovkin must have questioned her.
UNK: Now he knows we're onto him.
Beckett : Bringing her here was his way of rubbing our faces in it.
Esposito : Yeah, but what's his angle? What's he after?
Castle : I don't know, but whatever it is,
Beckett : he's not going to stop until he gets it.
Hostess : Good evening, sir. How may I help you?
UNK: Actually, I am working with the NYPD.
Castle : I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.
Castle : Have you ever seen this man?
Hostess : Mr. Jeff. Of course.
UNK: He is a regular customer here at Sunil's Cafe.
UNK: Very regular.
Castle : In fact, for the past six months,
Castle : he's come here, without fail, every Tuesday at 6 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Was he meeting anyone?
Hostess : No. He always dines alone.
UNK: And what about this man?
Castle : Have you ever seen him, or the two of them together?
Hostess : No. He's not familiar to me. I'm sorry.
Castle : Of course. Thank you for your time.