Ryan : Well, I did find this.
Ryan : A cocktail napkin from Exotica.
Beckett : I take it that's a strip club?
Ryan : Yeah. And this was in the victim's pocket.
Ryan : It could be where he was last night
Ryan : before he came home and wound up dead.
Beckett : And it might be where he met our killer.
Ryan : Yeah. I'll see if I can find out who he spent time with
Ryan : at, uh, Exotica.
UNK: Sure, I know Jeff, he's a regular.
Amber : He's at the club a few nights a week.
Amber : He's nice. Always a gentleman.
Esposito : Fact is, he was there last night, right? Was he there with somebody?
Amber : Just me.
Ryan : Amber, did you notice if he talked to anyone or left with anyone?
Amber : Jeff wasn't much for socializing.
Esposito : Did he have any friends that you know of?
Esposito : Anybody ever stop by the club?
UNK: Hmm.
Amber : Yeah. One friend did.
UNK: Who?
Amber : Some army buddy.
Amber : He came in looking for Jeff.
Amber : He was in town, visiting, and wanted to surprise him,
Amber : so he made me swear not to say anything.
Esposito : When was this?
UNK: Three days ago, maybe?
UNK: Amber, this army buddy of Jeff's,
Ryan : do you think you remember this guy well enough
Ryan : to help us out with a sketch?
Amber : Sure. Why? Is something going on with Jeff?
Castle : It's not working.
Castle : I can't remember anything new.
Castle : I keep coming up with the same images.
Burke : Let's look at this another way.
Burke : Perhaps the images came to you for a reason.
Burke : Something triggered them.
Castle : Like what?
Burke : You began having this dream over a week ago.
Burke : Did anything unusual occur on that particular day?
UNK: Um...
Castle : No, I got up, I had breakfast with Beckett.
Castle : She had to go to court. I went to the gym...
Burke : And then?
Castle : I wrote for a while.
Castle : I wanted a change of scenery,
UNK: so I took my laptop to the coffee shop.
UNK: There. What did you just remember?
Castle : Just that when I was at the coffee shop, I got this strange, um,
Castle : like a buzzing, ringing in my ears.
Burke : Let's go back a week ago to the coffee shop.
Burke : What were you doing when this buzzing first started?
Castle : I was writing.
Castle : Or rather, procrastinating. I was stuck on a scene,
UNK: so I was just people-watching.
Burke : Anyone you knew? Or recognized?
UNK: No.
Castle : No, I don't think so.
Castle : Wait a minute, that ringing,
Castle : it started when I looked up at the TV.
Burke : What was playing?
Castle : Something from the local news.
UNK: April 15th is only two days away...
Tory : This is the clip you would've seen.
Newscaster : But on the bright side, many post offices will be open extra late
Newscaster : to accept tax returns from last-minute filers.
Castle : It's just some report on Tax Day.
Castle : Maybe the buzzing has nothing to do with this.
Beckett : Just keep watching. There's gotta be something else there.
UNK: The Federal Plaza, Church Street and Chinatown post offices
UNK: will all have extended hours on the 15th...
UNK: Wait, um, pause it, pause it.
Castle : Of course...
Beckett : What is it?
Castle : Tory, zoom in on that man right there.
Castle : I know him.
Castle : He was the one chasing us in the truck.
Martha : Are you sure?
Castle : Yes, I'm sure. He was in Thailand.
UNK: Yo. We got our sketch back of the guy
Esposito : who showed up at the strip club asking for Jeff Powers.
Castle : It's the same man.
Castle : First in Thailand, now in New York.
Castle : Whoever he is, he's at the center of this.
Castle : Just catching a glimpse of his face is what started all this.
Castle : It's what triggered my dreams. But who is he?
Beckett : What else do you remember about him?
UNK: Uh, he was dressed like a soldier.
Beckett : You said he was yelling at his men. In what language?
UNK: Faster! Faster!
Castle : He was speaking English.
Ryan : So was he American? British?
UNK: No, but I think he had an accent.
Esposito : So, European, maybe.
Esposito : I'll run his photo through Interpol, see if they know him.
UNK: And I'll have unis canvass where that video was taken
UNK: and see if anyone in that neighborhood recognizes him.
Castle : Thanks, guys. Okay, what else can we do?
Beckett : Castle, you can't be a part of this. Not anymore.
Castle : What do you mean? I have to be.
Beckett : We don't know this man's agenda.
Castle : No, no, Beckett, I need to be...
Beckett : What you need to do is go back to the loft and stay there.
Beckett : Now, I've assigned a security detail to you.
Castle : Why would I be a target? I don't know.