Beckett : And neither do you. But he was shooting at you in Thailand.
Beckett : And he just killed Jeff Powers, your Chuck Norris lookalike.
Beckett : Now, L.T. Is gonna drive you home.
Castle : And if I refuse?
Beckett : Then he'll drive you home in handcuffs.
UNK: Just for the record, extremely bitter.
Beckett : I'll call you if we find anything.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Lanie, hey. What'd you find?
Lanie : Well, for one thing, Mr. Powers' blood work came back.
Lanie : He had antibodies for dengue fever.
Ryan : Just like Castle.
Lanie : Similar strain, too.
Lanie : But the main attraction is what I found in the man's mouth.
UNK: Huh.
Ryan : Or rather what you didn't find.
Beckett : What happened to his teeth?
Lanie : They were pried out, eight of 'em, shortly before he died.
Ryan : So, Powers was tortured first. Revenge?
Beckett : Or the killer wanted information.
Beckett : Did he leave any evidence behind?
Lanie : I'm afraid not.
Lanie : Looks like he wore latex gloves.
Lanie : I found traces of talc in the victim's mouth.
Beckett : The gloves would have been bloody,
Beckett : the killer would have to get rid of them.
Beckett : They could have his prints or DNA on them.
Ryan : Right, but those gloves could be anywhere.
UNK: How would we find them?
Beckett : The department has bloodhounds.
Beckett : Call the K-9 unit, have them deploy bloodhounds
UNK: to search near Powers' apartment building.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : Find the gloves yet?
UNK: Oh, nothing so far.
Esposito : Yeah, not with my team either.
UNK: Well, the dogs might still come through.
Esposito : I'm not so sure.
Esposito : For all we know, the killer didn't even toss his gloves.
Ryan : So, what, he's just walking around with bloody latex?
Esposito : No, he could have put him in a Ziploc bag.
UNK: He could've burned them.
Ryan : Yeah. The thing of it is,
Ryan : even if we find the gloves, and get the killer's prints or DNA,
Ryan : and we do ID this guy, he's probably long gone by now.
Esposito : Based on what?
Ryan : Well, if he wanted information,
Ryan : he probably got it from Jeff Powers, yanking out all his teeth.
Esposito : No. Soldier like Powers, his training?
Esposito : No, he'd die before he spilled his guts.
Ryan : Hope you're wrong about that.
UNK: Because if our killer was after information,
Ryan : he may think Castle has it.
Castle : Hey. I thought you said you were staying at a friend's tonight?
UNK: No, uh, you said I was staying at a friend's.
Castle : Oh. Well, then you should have listened.
Alexis : I wanted to be here with you. I know this isn't just another case.
Castle : Oh, yeah, listen.
Castle : Yesterday morning, in my office,
UNK: I know I was a little Doc Brown, Back to the Future.
Alexis : What really went on in Thailand, Dad?
Alexis : I know you must have a theory.
UNK: Uh, believe me, I have dozens.
Alexis : Which one scares you the most?
Alexis : I don't need you to protect me. I'm not a kid anymore.
Alexis : I'm not afraid to hear the truth.
Castle : That's right. You aren't, are you?
Alexis : Why not let me in?
Castle : I wanted to forget everything.
Castle : So in my darkest moments, I wonder if I
Castle : did something terrible.
Castle : I know you.
Alexis : You would never do anything bad.
Castle : I could never leave the love of my life,
Castle : desert her and you for two months.
UNK: Yet somehow I did.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : How did we ID this guy?
Ryan : By way of a bloodhound named Cujo.
Esposito : Cujo sniffed out a paper bag in a storm drain
Esposito : about four blocks away from the crime scene.
Esposito : The bag contained latex gloves.
Castle : And we're sure these gloves belong to the killer?
UNK: Yeah. The bag had teeth in it, too.
Ryan : In any case, CSU was able to pull prints.
UNK: We got a hit off ECRIS, the European fingerprint network.
Castle : - So the killer's European? - He's Russian.
UNK: Ilya Golovkin. Castle, does that name sound familiar?
Castle : No. Who is he?
Esposito : He served in Spetsnaz, Russian special forces...
UNK: Then moved on to the former KGB.
Castle : The Russians are behind this?
Beckett : Doubtful. He left Russia five years ago and disappeared.
UNK: Since then, word is that he's been responsible
Esposito : for over two dozen assassinations.
Ryan : Including politicians, dissident journalists,
Ryan : protected witnesses, even a Vatican banker.
Esposito : Golovkin's the guy you call when
UNK: you have a job that no one else can do.
UNK: Castle, if Golovkin is involved, then whatever is going on,
Beckett : whatever you were a part of, it's something big.
Esposito : Here you go.
Castle : How do we even track down a guy like Golovkin?
Beckett : We called in reinforcements. We're coordinating with the FBI.
Beckett : Every state and federal law enforcement agency
Beckett : is looking for this guy,
Beckett : and when we find him, you will have your answers.
Beckett : He's the only person who knows the truth.
Castle : There's at least one other person who knows.
Castle : I need to see Powers' file.
Beckett : Exactly what are you hoping to find?
Beckett : We already went over what little there is on Powers.