Castle : Hey. Who are you?
UNK: Bilal Khan : You should never have come.
UNK: Bilal Khan : If you're here, it means that I'm a dead man.
Castle : I thought you already were a dead man.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're not going anywhere
Castle : until you tell me what the hell is going on.
UNK: Fine.
Bilal : We must leave. Now.
Castle : Where are we going?
Castle : What is this place?
Bilal : They promised me you wouldn't remember.
Bilal : How did you find me?
Castle : Jeff Powers.
Bilal : Powers would never talk. Unless...
Bilal : He's dead, isn't he?
UNK: When?
UNK: Yesterday.
Bilal : Was it the Russian?
Castle : You know about the Russian? How?
UNK: This is even worse than I thought.
Castle : Who are you calling?
Bilal : This is Icarus. I've got a code 791.
Castle : What does that mean? Just tell me who you are.
UNK: I'm Bilal. Bilal Khan.
Bilal : You really don't know me.
Castle : I know you were in the truck, wounded.
Bilal : Long before that, I was your friend.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Bilal : I was an exchange student at Faircroft Prep in eleventh grade.
Castle : You weren't. I'd remember that.
UNK: Not anymore. You see?
Bilal : The two of us together.
Bilal : The good old days.
Castle : That's the trophy, the one I thought I won with Phil Bartlett.
Bilal : That's because they had to erase all your memories of me
Bilal : and replace them with somebody else.
UNK: Who are "they"?
Bilal : I can't believe they picked Phil Bartlett. You know? What a douchebag.
Castle : Listen, Bilal. It's Bilal, right?
Castle : Even if what you said is true and we knew each other in 11th grade...
Bilal : You even consulted with me when you wrote
Bilal : your first, uh, Derrick Storm book.
Castle : Consulted about what?
UNK: Terrorism.
Bilal : Since I was working with, uh, Pakistani intelligence,
Bilal : I was something of an expert on the topic.
Castle : Okay, but how does that explain Jeff Powers?
Castle : Why would he come to the restaurant every Tuesday?
Bilal : To check in with me.
Bilal : He was my handler. My CIA handler.
Bilal : And now my cover's blown.
Castle : Your cover. So, you're a spy?
Bilal : Not a spy.
Bilal : Look, after I left the intelligence service, I lost my way.
UNK: I joined Al-Qaeda.
UNK: You were in Al-Qaeda?
UNK: Can you please keep your voice down?
Bilal : Yes, I was.
UNK: I rose up to become a part of their senior leadership.
Castle : And now you're bussing tables and you live here?
Bilal : I chose this life. It's my penance.
UNK: I wanted to leave Al-Qaeda
Bilal : and I had inside knowledge about that organization.
Bilal : So, I struck a deal with American intelligence
Bilal : to trade what I knew for a second chance.
Castle : You defected.
Bilal : If you like.
Bilal : I hid in a Buddhist monastery in Thailand
Bilal : where I was supposed to meet my CIA contact
Bilal : and get safe passage to the United States.
Bilal : But things didn't go as planned.
UNK: And what does any of this have to do with me? Why was I there?
Bilal : Because I needed you.
Castle : Needed me? Needed me for what?
Bilal : I was about to turn myself over to the CIA