Beckett : I think that he needs to know the truth.
Martha : What if he never finds out the truth?
Martha : What if he never learns anything?
Martha : Or worse, what if he finds out something awful?
Beckett : I'll be with him wherever this leads,
UNK: and I promise you, I am not gonna let him go too far.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Beckett : Phil Bartlett, thank you for coming.
Bartlett : Well, I knew it was only a matter of time
Bartlett : before I'd hear from you.
Castle : You were expecting my call?
Bartlett : Of course, I was. And I'm... I'm here for you.
Castle : Thank God. What a relief. Okay.
Castle : I need to talk to you about Thailand.
Bartlett : What do you know about Thailand?
Castle : I was there. I saw you.
Bartlett : You're not supposed to know. Nobody is. And you can't tell anyone.
Castle : I won't. I won't, I promise.
Castle : As long as you tell me your version of what happened.
Barlett : I can't do that.
Castle : I need to know what you know.
Bartlett : What I'm about to say can never be repeated.
UNK: Understood.
Bartlett : I was in Thailand to attend an investment conference.
Bartlett : We hit this Bangkok nightclub.
Bartlett : God, she was so beautiful.
Bartlett : I thought she was a woman, I swear to God.
Castle : Wait, what?
Castle : Um, no, I need you to tell me about Chiang Mai.
UNK: But I was never in Chiang Mai. I was in Bangkok.
Bartlett : You said you saw me?
Castle : Yeah, but I...
UNK: No, I didn't see that.
Bartlett : I think it's best that we never speak of this again.
Castle : Wait. No, no. You were there. I know you were!
Bartlett : Look, I don't know what kind of game you're playing here...
Castle : It's not a game. I saw our trophy,
Castle : the one we won for debate club.
Castle : You were expecting my call.
Beckett : Why would you be expecting my call?
Bartlett : Phillip Bartlett, Bartlett and Braddock Wealth Management.
UNK: I wanted to take you on as a client.
UNK: But now, not so much.
UNK: You know, for the record, I was never a debate geek, all right?
Bartlett : I played lacrosse.
Castle : Doesn't make any sense.
Castle : He has to be part of this. He was in the dream.
Beckett : Except we checked him out.
Beckett : The first and only time Phillip Bartlett
Beckett : traveled to Thailand was a month ago,
Beckett : and there's nothing that connects him to all of this.
Castle : I even called Faircroft Prep.
UNK: They confirmed Phillip Bartlett was not on the debate team.
Castle : I didn't share a first place with anyone.
Beckett : Uh, babe, maybe you're taking this whole dream-thing too literally.
Beckett : Or maybe you've combined two memories together.
Castle : No. I'm not making this up.
Ryan : What if...
Castle : What if this is Total Recall?
Castle : Not only did they erase my memories,
Castle : but they replaced them with false memories?
Castle : But the false memories would have to be based in reality, right?
Castle : Otherwise, why would Phil Bartlett be in them?
UNK: Uh, Castle, listen to me...
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett? A word?
Gates : I've noticed you've devoted resources
Gates : to running a background check on Phillip Bartlett.
Gates : And tracing license plates in Thailand?
Beckett : Uh, Sir, I was following up on
UNK: some new leads about Castle's disappearance.
Gates : In connection to Chuck Norris?