UNK: Martha Rodgers : Good gracious.
UNK: Richard, you look positively ghastly!
UNK: Richard Castle : Good morning to you, too, Mother.
Martha : No, no, no. I'm speaking as a concerned mother.
Martha : Are you sure you're not coming down with anything?
Castle : Not at all. Never better.
Martha : Well, good. Then my work here is done.
Martha : I am off to see some open houses,
Martha : hopefully to find the apartment of my dreams. Ta.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Ta.
UNK: Bye.
Castle : Ah, thank you.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Mmm, is Alexis gone, too?
Beckett : Yeah, she had an early morning class.
Beckett : So, you were restless again last night. What's going on?
UNK: Nothing.
Beckett : Babe, you keep saying that, and it keeps getting worse.
Beckett : You're whimpering in your sleep.
Beckett : It's been every night for a week.
Beckett : So come on, talk to me.
Castle : It's just a dream.
Beckett : So, it's a recurring dream?
Beckett : Okay, about what?
Castle : About when I went missing, I think.
UNK: Um, so, why didn't you wanna tell me about it?
Castle : Probably because I didn't wanna make a big deal of it.
Beckett : But it is a big deal.
Beckett : You lost two months of your life,
Beckett : and you're dreaming about it now?
Beckett : I don't think you should ignore this.
Beckett : I do.
Castle : Come on, everything is perfect right now.
Castle : You and I are in a great place, everyone else is.
Castle : I mean, why go turning over stones
Castle : when the dreams will just probably go away.
Beckett : Except they haven't gone away. They're just getting worse.
Beckett : Look at you. You're stressed out, you're exhausted.
Beckett : You haven't written a word in a week.
Beckett : Look, at least consider seeing someone.
Beckett : I know somebody who may be able to help.
UNK: Dr. Carter Burke : Have you ever sought therapy before, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Well, if you'd met my mother, you'd know the answer would be yes.
UNK: But, uh, by my nature, I try to avoid introspection.
Burke : Well, let's get started.
Burke : What can you tell me about your missing time?
Castle : Not much. Last thing I remember,
Castle : I was driving to my wedding.
Castle : A black SUV started chasing me.
Castle : And I was forced off the road.
Castle : Two months later, they found me
Castle : in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
Castle : I had been exposed to dengue fever,
Castle : I had a bullet scar
Castle : with no recollection how I got it...
Castle : No memory of anything.
Castle : I tracked down a man named Jenkins who was involved somehow.
UNK: Richard Castle : He, uh...
Castle : He told me the reason I couldn't remember.
UNK: And you said you didn't want to remember.
UNK: Henry Jenkins : We went to great lengths to make sure that you didn't.
Burke : And is it still the case
Burke : that you don't want to remember?
UNK: No.
UNK: I... I've tried to put it behind me.
Castle : But it haunts me.
Castle : Not a day goes by I don't wonder where I was,
Castle : what I saw,
Castle : what I did.
Castle : Is it possible my memories are coming back?
Burke : Well, dreams can be memories.
Burke : But more often, they're symbolic,
Burke : metaphoric expressions of an issue or problem.
Burke : You are also a writer, a creative person.
Burke : This could mean your mind is building
Burke : a narrative to fill the two-month void.
Castle : I want to understand these dreams.
Castle : What they mean and, uh,
Castle : if they're real.
Burke : Well, we could put you in a relaxed state,
Burke : try to revisit the experience.
UNK: Hypnosis?
Burke : You have a pen and paper if you wish to take notes.
Burke : You may open your eyes and awaken at any time.
Burke : Are you ready to begin, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Yeah.
Burke : Go back to the first image you can recall of your dream.
Burke : What do you see?
UNK: I am asleep on a boat on the ocean.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Castle : There's a man there. He says hi to me.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Castle : He knows me.
Burke : Do you know him?
Castle : He's familiar, but I can't place him. Wow.
Castle : This really works.
Castle : Okay, there's something familiar. A trophy.
Burke : For some kind of sport?
Castle : Maybe. I can't tell.
Castle : Now someone's firing a pistol.
Castle : I see blood.
Castle : There's a man on the floor.
Castle : He's been shot.
Castle : He's dying.
Castle : I'm there, too.
UNK: I am wearing camouflage paint. I'm trying to help him, but...
Burke : Can you see where you are right now?
Castle : In a storage shed.
Castle : But it seems like everything is moving.