Castle : I'm in a truck. We are in the jungle.
UNK: And there's someone chasing us.
Castle : They're shooting at us.
Castle : There's a blond man.
Castle : In a truck.
Castle : He's leading the charge.
UNK: Driver, go faster!
Burke : A military truck?
Castle : No, it's a civilian truck, but it has a very
Castle : strange license plate.
UNK: Uh-oh.
Burke : So, the man you saw was Chuck Norris?
UNK: No, he wasn't Chuck Norris. Of course not.
UNK: I mean, that'd be ridiculous,
UNK: and super-duper cool.
Castle : But no, he looked like Chuck Norris.
Burke : Well, this was a very productive first session, Mr. Castle,
Burke : but I'm afraid our time is up.
Castle : Of course. Thank you.
UNK: Uh, Dr. Burke, can I see you again tomorrow?
Burke : Well, I'll check.
Burke : But I want you to think about the underlying meaning of the dream.
Burke : Now, don't assume that the images are actual memories.
Castle : I'm telling you guys,
Castle : there's no doubt in my mind. They are actual memories.
Beckett : Even though Dr. Burke said they might not be?
UNK: That was our first session. He was just being cautious.
Castle : But they felt real because they are real.
UNK: Javier Esposito : So, you were in jungle combat with Chuck Norris?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Like Missing in Action,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : the movie he did about rescuing POWs from Vietnam?
Castle : Only it wasn't Chuck Norris,
Castle : it wasn't a movie, and I wasn't in Vietnam.
Esposito : You got that right.
Castle : Because the license plate that Tory is checking out,
UNK: the one I saw, it had Arabic characters.
UNK: Okay, so an Arabic-speaking country with a jungle?
UNK: Um, Yemen, Somalia?
Castle : Yeah, I guess so. We'll know more when we track down
Castle : that Chuck Norris lookalike.
Ryan : How do you plan on doing that?
Castle : The military skull tattoo I told you about. That could help ID him, right?
Esposito : We'll see what we can find out.
Esposito : But it's a long shot.
Esposito : At best.
Castle : I know this seems impossible.
Beckett : A lot of our cases do at first.
UNK: But there's something there, Castle.
Beckett : So, we'll just follow it and see where it leads.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I got something on that license plate.
Tory : It turns out this isn't Arabic.
Tory : These are letters in the Thai alphabet.
Beckett : What does it mean?