Alexis : Sorry, I have an exam, but I didn't want to leave Dad like this.
Alexis : He's kind of gone off the deep end about Thailand.
Beckett : Hey, were you up all night?
UNK: I'm, uh, researching armed conflicts in northern Thailand
Castle : during the time I was missing.
Castle : Somehow I must have been part of one of them.
Beckett : You find anything?
Castle : No, not yet. But I will.
UNK: You wanna take a break? Maybe get some breakfast.
Castle : No, not until I figure this out.
Castle : I was there, Kate. I was there.
Castle : I was shot at, which explains my bullet scar.
UNK: And I was exposed to dengue fever,
Castle : a disease that's prevalent in the region.
Castle : Everything fits.
Beckett : But, Castle, why would you be abducted on our wedding day
Beckett : and end up in Thailand?
Castle : Worst bachelor party ever?
Beckett : You know, maybe Dr. Burke is right.
Beckett : Maybe those images that you saw in your dream
Beckett : are not really your memories.
Castle : Oh, no, they're memories. They're memories.
UNK: And you said follow them wherever they go,
Castle : and this is where they go. Thailand.
Castle : This is all about Thailand.
Beckett : Okay, well, why don't we take a step back from Thailand?
Beckett : Why don't we take a look at
Beckett : some of the other images, like the trophy?
Castle : Nah, the trophy's irrelevant.
Beckett : It was in your dream for a reason.
Beckett : You said it was familiar.
Beckett : In what way, and what did it look like?
Castle : Cheap. You know, something that you'd give a child.
Beckett : Okay so, could it have been, um, an award that Alexis won?
Beckett : Maybe something that you won?
Beckett : Something for writing?
Castle : I know what it is.
Castle : This is it! This is the trophy.
Tory : This is...
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I, um...
UNK: I won this in a-a debate competition back at Faircroft Prep.
Beckett : Why would that be in your dream?
Castle : I don't know, but...
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : Phillip Bartlett.
Beckett : Who's Phillip Bartlett?
Castle : Phillip Bartlett and I, we tied for first place,
Castle : we shared this trophy.
Castle : That man in my dream, the one who says hello, it was him.
Castle : I mean, he's my age now, but...
Castle : Phillip Bartlett.
Castle : Long time, Rick.
Castle : He's a part of this.
UNK: And if I'm gonna track him down,
UNK: I'm gonna need you to do a background check on him.
UNK: Okay, so, now, it's Chuck Norris