Beckett : Yeah, it's complicated.
Gates : Kate, I know how important this is to him,
Gates : but these leads, are they solid?
Gates : Or is Mr. Castle just grasping at straws?
Esposito : Yo. I dug into that tattoo.
Castle : That insignia. That means Delta Force, right?
Esposito : Yeah. It's also the title of a Chuck Norris movie.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, Delta guys don't advertise,
Esposito : so whoever's wearing that ink is no longer active-duty.
UNK: It says, here on the banner,
Esposito : that he's out of the 75th Ranger Regiment,
UNK: Third Battalion, B Company.
Esposito : Now, I checked with my boy at the Pentagon,
Esposito : and there's only a handful of guys with that service history
Esposito : who match the guy you said you saw. Here you go.
Castle : Thank you for this, Esposito. This is great.
UNK: So, he will be in here somewhere.
Esposito : Yeah, but he's not.
Esposito : None of those guys look like Chuck Norris.
Castle : You don't believe me, do you?
Esposito : For my money, your story about the missing two months
Esposito : never added up.
Esposito : It still doesn't.
Castle : This is the guy.
UNK: Come on, Castle.
Castle : No, this is the guy.
Esposito : That guy looks nothing like Chuck Norris.
Castle : He would with a beard. And he lives right here in the city.
Castle : His name is Jeff Powers.
Castle : Honorable discharge in 2009.
Castle : Then he worked as a contractor in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Castle : This is just the kind of guy who could be a mercenary in Thailand.
Castle : He was there, Beckett. He knows what happened.
Beckett : I hope so. But if he doesn't, then we need to take a breath
Beckett : and discuss how to pursue this.
Beckett : Or whether to pursue it.
Castle : That won't be necessary.
Castle : All the answers are right behind this door.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : It's okay. He knows me. Jeff Powers?
Castle : It's Rick Castle from Thailand. Your door was unlocked.
Castle : Just wanted to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : That's him.
Castle : That's the guy in my dream.
UNK: Well, needless to say, that GSW
UNK: Lanie Parish : to the head is the likely cause of death.
Beckett : When did this happen?
Lanie : Based on liver temp, about midnight last night.
UNK: But I'll know more once I do a full workup on him.
Lanie : Castle starts remembering this guy,
Lanie : and all of a sudden he becomes a homicide victim?
Lanie : That's kind of weird.
Beckett : Yeah, it's not just weird. It's suspicious.
UNK: Well, I was hoping to prove Castle's story was true, but not like this.
Becket : Yeah. Contact the next of kin. Let's find out what Jeff Powers was into.
Ryan : Easier said than done.
Ryan : His parents are dead. No wife or siblings.
Ryan : Hoping to track down a friend or someone he served with.
Ryan : But I'm on it.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Hey. How you doing?
Castle : On the bright side, at least I'm not crazy.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I never thought you were.
UNK: Well, I sure thought I was.
Castle : You must have had a few moments of doubt.
UNK: Do we have any idea who killed him?
Beckett : It's too soon to tell.
UNK: But we're gonna get to the bottom of this.
Castle : What if it's my fault? What if me
Castle : poking around is what got him killed?
Beckett : Castle, how could that even be possible?
Castle : I don't know. Maybe I'm being followed or watched.
Castle : His death cannot be a coincidence.
Beckett : Yeah. It doesn't seem like one, does it?
Castle : Well, I may know more in 20 minutes.
Beckett : You mean your appointment with Dr. Burke?
Castle : Yeah. If I can remember about Thailand,
Castle : it may help us solve this murder.
UNK: Okay. Keep me close.
UNK: Always.
UNK: Hey, uh, Beckett?
Beckett : Hey. Please tell me we got something.