UNK: Gather up for meds.
UNK: Asofa.
UNK: Yeah.
Mendelson : Why you keep helping him out?
House : Yeah. Why would I wanna make sure
UNK: that my homicidal cell mate is taking the right anti-psychotics'?
UNK: House.
UNK: Mendelson.
UNK: He's on 80 milligrams of propranolol, this is 40.
Hostetter : You're right. Sorry.
Mendelson : No worries. I like my nurses naughty.
UNK: You know, I'm starting to think, Mendelson,
House : you just really like the taste of my spit.
Mendelson : Hey, House, check out our new brand.
UNK: You've really got a thing for swastikas, Mendelson.
House : Like an ironic thing?
Mendelson : It's a German name.
UNK: So is House, and I'm Jewish.
House : Nah. I'm a black 93'! Q? p$Y...
Frankie : Knight to king's bishop three.
House : Queen to king's bishop seven.
Nick : Hey. You're House, right?
Nick : I got these weird pains in my elbows and in my knees.
UNK: You know what's weirder is how the clinic is a large room,
House : and you somehow confused me with it.
UNK: Well, to be fair, I am large.
House : I realize this is probably a rhetorical question.
House : Why are you stealing my stuff?
Rollo : Hey, House. I heard you're on short time.
Rollo : You won't need this.
House : You heard about my parole.
House : But not about my violent reactions when people steal my tuna.
House : - Put it back. - Nuh-uh.
UNK: Really?
House : You're stepping to a guy who outweighs you by 50 pounds
UNK: and who is carrying a cane which, while prison-approved,
UNK: will still cause some issues if inserted into your colon.
Rollo : Yeah, like you losing your parole.
Rollo : And you ain't gonna rat me out neither,
Rollo : 'cause you don't wanna get a snitch jacket and wind up shanked in the showers.
Rollo : So you're just gonna let me walk out of here.
Frankie : You wanna get back at these guys,
Frankie : get out alive on Friday.
UNK: Okay'? Now, go to work, House.
Frankie : And that was checkmate, right? Yep.
Rollo : I heard you're on that short time, House.
House : If you like tuna, you're a little late.
Stomper : I want your stereo and your headphones.
Stomper : It can wait till you finish your work.
Stomper : Drop it off in my cell.