Adams : 99.9. I'm gonna start him on ceftriaxone.
Sykes : Good catch. I might have missed that.
House : It's not gonorrhea.
Adams : I didn't say it was.
UNK: Not out loud. You're just figuring a joint pain plus fever plus a low lifestyle
House : equals a ceftriaxone prescription.
UNK: So you saying I got the clap?
Nick : I've only been in here one week, my girlfriend's clean.
Nick : I ain't got a girlfriend in here.
Adams : How do you know about ceftriaxone?
Sykes : House used to be a doctor.
House : Not going back.
House : And that look of shock is elitist and offensive.
House : Doctors can be degenerates. This is America.
House : There's subtle eyebrow loss.
House : It's lupus.
Adams : Well, there's no discoid or malar rash on his face.
House : Which would be dispositive if he was just a giant head.
Sykes : He's got a point, but I'll let you make the call.
Adams : No, there's no reason to search for a bodily rash
Adams : since lupus doesn't usually present that way.
UNK: "Usually"?
House : Well, I guess that's good enough for prison work.
House : You don't write people up for mouthing off, do you'?
Adams : Not usually.
UNK: You don't want to mess with Stomper.
Frankie : He didn't get that name because he's a fan of Santa's reindeer.
House : You think one of Santa's reindeer was called Stomper'?
Frankie : You're missing my point.
House : I'm not gonna listen to a guy who can't name the reindeer.
Frankie : You saw what happened in the yard with Diaz.
Frankie : He barely said a couple of words and set the boy off.
Frankie : Oh, no.
Frankie : I know that look.
UNK: Hey, Stamper. Where's my stereo?
House : I brought it to your cell. It ain't there.
House : I was just getting to that part.
House : Rollo followed me in and took it.
UNK: - No way Rollo diss me like that. - Way.
UNK: I don't want to start any rumors, but... But what?
House : He was all, "I can take Stomper,"
House : and I was all, "How come?"
House : In fact, he actually called you "Stompee," with an "E."
House : I think his gist was...
Stomper : You took my stereo?
Rollo : Get out of my house, Stamper, I ain't got no stereo.
Stomper : What's this, then?
Rollo : What? I didn't put that there!
UNK: You gonna lie to my face, you lying son of a bitch!
UNK: What? I didn't do anything!
Rollo : Next time I will take your stereo!
UNK: That's enough!
UNK: Ow!
Frankie : That was stupid.
House : Is that like a synonym for "clever"?