UNK: Wow, that was great.
House : I think I really dodged a bullet there.
Guard : You don't need PC?
House : Nothing personal. We'll reschedule.
House : Rain check, I promise.
House : It wasn't the food.
House : It was the heat.
House : It's mastocytosis.
UNK: Could be set off by hot liquids, like the coffee he just drank.
Sykes : - Masto's usually a skin disease. - "Usually"?
Adams : It can hit any organ.
Adams : Joint pain, osteopenia and anaphylaxis, eyebrow loss.
Adams : It fits.
Sykes : It's a possibility. I'll run some blood tests. Thank you.
House : No. No! It's almost impossible to confirm masto with blood work.
House : Just give him five aspirin.
Sykes : If he has masto,
Sykes : he'll go into anaphylactic shock and won't be able to breathe again.
House : You do understand the meaning of the word "confirm".
UNK: I'll do ii.
Nick : I almost died in that cell.
Sykes : House, you're in here
Sykes : because you think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want.
Sykes : You can't. And neither can I.
Sykes : The ACLU would have my job, my license, maybe even my house
Sykes : if I do an unauthorized, experimental...
UNK: But if it is masto... It's not.
House : Well, what do you have to lose by giving him the aspirin?
Sykes : I'm not taking the risk.
House : It's his risk to take.
House : If he has another attack and there isn't a doctor in the next cell,
House : he could die.
House : For one second, will you stop covering your ass and do the test?
Adams : I think House is right.
UNK: No.
UNK: Guard.
Sykes : You're done here,
Sykes : just like every other place you've ever set foot in your life.
Sykes : If I ever see you in here again,
Sykes : I will write you up and they will revoke your parole.
Adams : Dr. House.
Adams : Did you get all the Vicodin you needed?
Adams : I'm not an idiot.
UNK: That fire, that bruise on your face.
Adams : I talk to prisoners, I know about exit taxes. You're clearly getting squeezed.
House : I need 20.
UNK: And let me back in the clinic when Sykes is gone.
UNK: I'll take care of Nick. You can't if you're not willing.
Adams : Just take care of yourself.
Mendelson : Well done.
UNK: I knew if you'd learned nothing else in here,
Mendelson : you'd learned the smart thing is to fall in line.