Nick : Her mom hates me,
Nick : so she can't visit, she ain't accepting my calls.
House : That's what happens when you date a 12-year-old.
Nick : You don't believe me?
House : Belief implies a level of giving a crap that I'm never gonna achieve.
House : Pull down your pants.
UNK: He?'
House : It's not that I was trying to prove you're an idiot or anything'
House : but lupus boy and I were at the beach this morning,
House : and I noticed a rash on his left thigh.
Adams : I checked you out.
Adams : You were a pretty big deal.
Adams : What went wrong?
House : Something very obvious and very boring.
Adams : Drug related?
Adams : Forging prescriptions?
House : You're good.
House : Just like lupus boy will be, when you start him on prednisone.
UNK: Name should have been a giveaway. I'll send him up.
Adams : Why are you so sure I'm gonna do what you say?
UNK: Because you're a smart, old money trust-fund girl who took this job
House : because your liberal ideology makes you want to make a difference,
House : but you're already getting bored, and this is interesting.
Adams : Why would you say any of that?
House : Your shoes.
UNK: A different, expensive pair every day, but never leather.
House : Which means you're both rich and liberal.
UNK: Antique locket that's unpolished gold, not some hipster thing.
House : It's a family heirloom, which means old money.
House : Osler scarf, only on Fridays,
House : which means you did your residency at Hopkins.
House : Which means you're smarter than our interactions would so far indicate.
House : And your eyes.
House : The only time you haven't looked bored in the three months since you've been here
House : is when we've been discussing this diagnosis.
UNK: House.
Sullivan : He wants you.
UNK: Parole?
Mendelson : You didn't tell me.
House : I didn't want a big emotional scene.
Mendelson : You know what the rules are.
Mendelson : On short time, tax goes up.
House : How many do you want?
UNK: All of them.
House : Come on, Mendelson. I should be on six a day.
House : I get four and I give you two.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: I'll get one in my cell after lights out,
House : plus Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. That's 11 in all.
Mendelson : I count 20.
Mendelson : You knew on Monday, you get out Friday. Five days.
UNK: Should have told me earlier.
House : They give out four a day, max.
Mendelson : You'll figure something out.
Mendelson : You're a creative guy.
House : What if I just go into protective custody
UNK: and spend the next three days in the hole?
Mendelson : You could PC up.
Mendelson : But then you'll get out.
Mendelson : And unlike you, I got friends on the outside.
UNK: Porter.
UNK: Doc. What you need?
Porter : I'm running a special on grilled cheese this week.
UNK: I got some new girly mags, too.
House : I was thinking of something more Vicodinny.
House : At least 16, and I need them Friday at noon.
UNK: Man' that's pricey, but it can be done.
Porter : How about you have one of your peeps on the outside
Porter : send $200 to my boy up in Trenton?
House : I am peepless.
Porter : This is just you haggling, right? No.
UNK: You ever seen me chatting on the phone? Taking visitors?
UNK: All right. I'm gonna have to clean you out.
Porter : I'm gonna need to see some tuna, I'm gonna need to see some stamps, stereo...
UNK: Just give them to me as soon as you can.
Frankie : What happened?
House : I was trying to use the phone, I just...
Nick : I just got jostled a little, that's all.
House : Who hit you?
UNK: No. I just... I just bumped into the wall.
House : It's not lupus.
Nick : Is that good?
House : Does it feel good?