UNK: - lf it wasn't for my book... - What are you gonna do, darling?
Martha : Stop writing because some idiot has got a screw loose?
Castle : No, it's just...
Castle : I never intended to put her in harm's way.
Martha : Let me tell you something about Kate Beckett.
Martha : That gal can take care of herself. Really.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : - What are you doing here? - Wine?
Castle : So, what happened to your security detail?
Castle : - I didn't see anyone outside. - I sent them home after I got in.
Beckett : What? The windows are locked, the door is locked. I'm armed.
Beckett : So our guy killed the others where they were found.
Beckett : Why not this girl?
Beckett : Why didn't he just leave her in the garage where we'd find her?
Castle : He's changing it up.
Beckett : Or this victim is special.
Beckett : - No, thanks. - No, no, no.
Castle : Agent Shaw said we need to decompress.
Beckett : - Oh, well, if Special Agent Shaw said so. - What is that supposed to mean?
Beckett : Nothing. I just see the way that you listen to her,
Beckett : the way that you look at all of her fancy equipment.
Beckett : Now my murder board's not enough for you?
Beckett : Now you need a smart board?
Castle : - Are you jealous? - I'm not jealous.
Beckett : I'm just embarrassed the way that you act like a 10-year-old
Beckett : all impressed by her data matrix.
Beckett : "Oh, it collates information so quickly, Agent Shaw. Tell me all about it."
Castle : - You are ridiculous. - And then, to top it off,
Beckett : - you are now building theory with her. - So?
Beckett : So, you're supposed to be building theory with me.
Beckett : You're supposed to be on my team.
Castle : Well, I thought we were all on the same team.
Beckett : We are, it's just...
Beckett : I think that if you have an insight, you should run it by me first.
Castle : Fine, I will. Now drink your wine.
Beckett : Thanks, but I am tired,
UNK: and I need to go to bed.
Castle : Oh, no, I'm not leaving. I'm here to protect you.
Beckett : What, with your vast arsenal of rapier wit?
Castle : There is a madman gunning for you because of me.
Castle : I am not going to leave you alone.
UNK: Okay, fine. I am too tired to argue.
UNK: But if I see that doorknob turn, I will have you know, Mr. Castle,
Beckett : - that I sleep with a gun. - Understood.
Beckett : You're still here. And you're making pancakes.
Castle : I was hoping for bacon and eggs, but your eggs were expired
Castle : and your bacon has something furry on it.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I mostly order in.
Castle : Figured that from the Styrofoam temple you got going on in that refrigerator.
Castle : Coffee's brewed. I think your filter's broken, though.
Castle : I'll order you a new one later.
Beckett : Wow, looks like you thought of everything.
Castle : Except the paper.
Beckett : Castle, we don't have time for the paper.
Beckett : There's a body out there that I gotta find.
Castle : Looks like it found you.
Ryan : - So, you had just gotten up, right? - Yeah.
Beckett : Castle just finished making breakfast and he went to the door...
Ryan : - What kind of breakfast? - I'm sorry?
Ryan : What kind of breakfast was he making?
Beckett : - Pancakes. - Well, isn't that domestic?
UNK: Anyway, the paper usually arrives at 4 : 00, and we were up at 7 : 00,
UNK: so that means the killer had a three-hour window
UNK: where he could've left the body there unnoticed.
Ryan : And exactly what time did you and Mr. Castle go to bed last night?
Beckett : - I think we're done here. - Dude, I see Beckett in her jammies,
Esposito : wine glasses on the table...
UNK: There is nothing going on with Beckett and me.
Castle : No more than there was yesterday.
Ryan : - Dude, you made her pancakes? - It's just breakfast.
Esposito : Pancakes is not just breakfast.
Esposito : It's an edible way of saying, "Thank you so much for last night."
Ryan : Castle, come on. We're your friends. Details.
Castle : All right, come here.
Castle : There are no details!
Esposito : - I can't even look at you right now. - Witness refuses to cooperate.