Shaw : Now we know why he took the body.
Beckett : "I know where you live." This was a threat.
Shaw : More than that.
Shaw : He's saying he's disappointed in you.
UNK: In his mind, he gave you fair warning that he was gonna kill again.
Shaw : If you had been smarter, you would have been able to stop him.
UNK: He's saying this one is on you.
Shaw : I'm profiling him, Detective, not agreeing with him.
UNK: The guy's a frigging nutbar! Don't let him get to you.
Castle : Talk about irony.
Beckett : - Do we have an ID on our vic? - No, not yet.
Shaw : There's no purse, no missing persons report filed.
UNK: The coroner's van's downstairs.
Shaw : We need to get the body to the morgue and pull the slugs.
Shaw : Only four entry wounds.
Shaw : If the pattern holds, he should have a four-letter word for us.
UNK: It's funny. I have a four-letter word for him, too.
Shaw : Why don't you two escort the body to the morgue
Shaw : and let me know what you find? Once you're dressed, of course.
Lanie : Hey. Heard you two were making pancakes when the body dropped.
Beckett : - Nothing happened. - Right.
Beckett : So, what do you got?
Lanie : Letters on the slugs. B-U-R...
Beckett : - "Burn." Nikki will burn. - Well, that's chilling.
Beckett : Our victim's fingerprints aren't in the system.
Beckett : Do you have anything that can ID her?
Lanie : - Well, I found formaldehyde on her. - Yeah, that's from the killer.
UNK: He left it at the other scenes as well.
Lanie : Not traces. It was under her fingernails, in her hair.
Lanie : She worked with embalming fluid.
Lanie : I also found traces of clay, polyurethane and animal blood.
Lanie : I don't know who she is, but I can tell you what she does.
UNK: Castle/beckett : - She's a taxidermist. - She's a taxidermist.
Lanie : So cute, the way you two do that!
Shaw : - Taxidermy? - Embalming fluid plus animal hair
Castle : equals Norman Bates' favorite pastime.
Beckett : It can't be just a coincidence that we found embalming fluid
Beckett : at our first two crime scenes as well.
Shaw : So, the killer and this victim were connected.
Beckett : It seems so.
Beckett : So, there's only seven taxidermy shops in the city.
Beckett : My guys are running them down right now.
Shaw : But if there was a connection between them,
Shaw : why didn't comparison matrix find it?
Beckett : Maybe it's not as simple as a work relationship
Beckett : or going to the same gym.
Beckett : Like you said, it takes a mind to hunt a mind.
UNK: Yo. Got an ID on our third vic.
Esposito : Name is Sandra Keller.
Esposito : She works at a taxidermy shop downtown.
Beckett : Any connection between her and our killer?
UNK: A colleague of hers says she had a run-in with a guy
Ryan : who maybe matched our sketch.
Ryan : A customer whose bichon frise had been killed in the park
UNK: by another dog, a Rottweiler.
Esposito : Customer was heartbroken. He paid half upfront
Esposito : to have his Mr. Bumpkins preserved for eternity.
Esposito : When he came back to pick up his dog, didn't have the fee.
Ryan : When Sandra refused to give up stuffed Bumpkins,
Ryan : the guy went ballistic and stormed out of the store.
Ryan : Two nights later, they had a break-in.
Ryan : Among the things that went missing are this guy's stuffed bichon frise
Ryan : and a bunch of embalming fluid.
Shaw : That explains why we found traces of it at the murder scenes.
Esposito : He also trashed the store's computer.
Esposito : There's no client data, no name.
UNK: My agents interviewed all of Michelle Lewis' dog-walking clients.
Shaw : One couple had to put their Rottweiler down
Shaw : because Michelle lost control of it and it killed another dog.
Esposito : Mr. Bumpkins.
Castle : So, grief-stricken, our killer blames Michelle and Sandra
Castle : for the loss of his best friend, and decides to get revenge.
UNK: All this about a dog?
Beckett : What does this have to do with Nikki Heat?
UNK: The dog's a trigger.
Shaw : Maybe he was reading the book when it was killed.
Shaw : When he snapped, he somehow blamed Nikki for it.
Beckett : - It seems a little absurd. - You must be a cat lover.
Shaw : Detective, he's looking for a reason to kill. This is it.
Esposito : What about our first vic? How does Peterman fit into all this?
UNK: Well, he was a personal injury lawyer.
Castle : Maybe our murderer wanted to file a wrongful doggie-death suit.
Avery : According to Peterman's notes, back in January,