Beckett : He's putting us on the clock. He's daring us to stop him.
UNK: Kicking it old school?
Beckett : The white board's always worked for me.
Beckett : I've been going over subway routes.
Beckett : Trying to see if I can trace a pattern from Grand Central to the carousel
Beckett : to the next location. So far, nothing definitive.
Castle : Maybe there's something about how he chooses his victims.
Castle : - First a man, then a woman. - A lawyer and a dog walker?
UNK: Let's face it. There's no pattern there.
UNK: There's no way to predict where he's gonna go next,
UNK: and it's already 9 : 00 and we're out of time.
UNK: And every murder he commits in the name of Nikki Heat.
Castle : A very wise woman once told me,
UNK: "You can't blame Jodie Foster for John Hinckley."
Man : Lead just came in now. Let's get it to Avery.
Beckett : What have you got?
Avery : Lab results came back on that bandage.
UNK: It tested positive for formaldehyde and methanol and ethanol.
UNK: Castle/shaw : - Embalming fluid. - Embalming fluid.
Shaw : The lab found traces of formaldehyde at Grand Central
Shaw : - and ethanol at the carousel. - Our killer works at a mortuary.
Beckett : Or he could be a hospital employee, or a janitor at a morgue.
Shaw : No. Castle's theory is more likely. Bring up all the mortuaries in the city.
UNK: We got over 1,000 in New York City area alone.
Avery : We can't hit all these before midnight.
Castle : Can you cross-reference mortuary experience
Castle : with criminal records?
UNK: - Or job-finder groups for ex-cons. - Yes.
Avery : I can try.
Avery : - Six names. Mobilize the troops.
Shaw : I want every one of these guys in our custody before midnight.
Shaw : I see what you mean about him being helpful.
Montgomery : Any of these undertakers look good for it?
Castle : They all say the same thing. "We work with dead bodies all day,
UNK: "we don't need to make more."
Beckett : He baited us, just like with that fingerprint.
Beckett : We're wasting our time.
Ryan : He's on the phone. He's asking for Nikki Heat.
Shaw : - We're tracing the call. - Hello?
UNK: Man On The Phone : Nikki? You were supposed to stop me.
Beckett : Yes, just you and me. We can figure this out.
Beckett : I can help you. You just need to trust me.
Man : How does it feel to know that you have failed?
Shaw : Check the stairs! Get a unit on the roof!
Shaw : I want eyes on every inch of this structure!
Beckett : He was just here. That body can't be too far.
UNK: Over here. Lot of blood.
Ryan : Woman's shoe. Got a broken heel.
UNK: - Strands of hair. - Looks like she put up a fight.
Beckett : There's four shell casings.
Beckett : There's no way she would've survived without medical attention.
UNK: Well, then, where's the body?
Castle : He always leaves the body where he kills.
Shaw : And he always kills in famous places with lots of foot traffic.
Shaw : - He's changing his MO. - Which makes him more unpredictable,
Castle : which makes him more dangerous.
Avery : Structure's clear. There's no body.
Shaw : - Where the hell did he put her? He put her in his trunk.
Beckett : That blood trail ends right here.
Castle : So he waited, probably left his car idling.
Castle : Takes down his victim, popped his trunk, put her in,
Castle : drove away, body on board.
Shaw : Get the parking attendant to give us a list
UNK: of all the vehicles through here, and the video footage.
Castle : - You think he used his own car? - No,
Shaw : but if he stole it tonight, he might not have had time to switch the plates.
Shaw : We put out an APB.
Beckett : I'll get my guys to get a roster of all the people
Beckett : who had monthlies on this floor.
Shaw : My people are already on it, and I got way more people than you do.
Shaw : Your captain has a unit on your apartment.
Shaw : Go home, get some rest.
Beckett : - It's not necess... - No argument!
Shaw : You're no good to me if you're burned out.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : - Hi. - What are you still doing up?
UNK: Ah, I can't sleep. Too much on my mind, you know?
Martha : - Decisions to make, and... - Wow, one of your old wedding videos.
Ryan : Are you kidding? This guy's a pushover
Martha : - compared to my ex-husbands. - So, the pros outweighed the cons?
Martha : Darling, this was always supposed to be a temporary situation
Martha : until I got back on my feet, you know?
Castle : Well, the Rodgers women always follow their hearts.
Martha : You okay?
Castle : This case, it just...