Lanie : I'm guessing the killer is left-handed.
UNK: CSU pulled the slugs from the back of the carriage?
Lanie : Yes, there were letters on the slugs. They spell W-l-L-L.
Beckett : So he's sending a message.
Beckett : - Nikki will... - What? Nikki will what?
Beckett : - Thank you, Lanie. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : I guess its official. Our guy is a serial killer.
Beckett : I would think that a serial killer would be like the Holy Grail
Beckett : for a crime novelist.
Castle : I guess it would be, if it weren't for the Nikki Heat of it all.
UNK: I feel a little bit responsible.
Beckett : Really? Like the Beatles are responsible for Charles Manson
Beckett : Or is it more like Jodie Foster's responsible
Beckett : for John Hinckley shooting Reagan?
UNK: - Lf I hadn't created Nikki Heat... - He would still be killing.
Beckett : He'd just find another reason why.
Castle : Either a UFO just landed on the other side of the park...
UNK: Or else the FBI's here to claim jurisdiction over this case.
UNK: Maybe they just want a ride on the carousel before the line gets too long.
UNK: Rope off a ten-foot circumference around the carousel.
UNK: Jordan Shaw : Sweep for prints and trace evidence.
UNK: Jordan Shaw : Close off the park entrance at 6th, work up the entire footpath.
Beckett : Here goes.
Shaw : - Nikki Heat, I presume. - It's Beckett. Detective Kate Beckett.
Shaw : And you must be the celebrity writer tag-along, Richard Castle.
Shaw : - Special Agent Jordan Shaw. - Jordan Shaw?
Castle : The same Jordan Shaw that broke the Hudson Valley Strangler case
Castle : - back in 1991? - I also play a mean game of Scrabble.
Shaw : Now that we all know each other, I'd like to see the body.
Beckett : Agent Shaw, my people have already secured the area.
Beckett : CSU is on the scene, and we are canvassing the park,
Beckett : so as happy as I am to see the cavalry,
UNK: there's really not much left here for you to do.
UNK: Detective, the gods in the marble halls
Shaw : have sent me here to catch a killer,
Shaw : which I will do with or without your help. Okay?
UNK: - Now, can I see the body? - That is so going in the movie.
Castle : Can you say that again, but start from "marble halls"?
Ryan : Unis pulled this from a trash bin. Wallet's inside.
Ryan : Vic's name is Michelle Lewis.
Esposito : According to her business card, she's a dog walker.
Beckett : There's a print here, and it's too large to be our victim's.
Beckett : Let's get it to the lab for...
Beckett : - What are you doing? - That print is already in the lab
Shaw : and being processed. No muss, no fuss,
Shaw : - no black powder on your clothes. Wow, there's an app for that?
Shaw : That's why I joined the FBI, Mr. Castle. For the toys.
Shaw : - Really eager to see that body. - Can I take a look at that?
Castle : Be a chance to check it later.
UNK: Set up on the east side. All right, watch your back.
Woman : - What's going on? - They're setting up the war room.
Beckett : War room?
Beckett : Tell me everything you know about Jordan Shaw.
Castle : She is like the federal you. She is good. She's real good.
Castle : She cracked open that Hudson Valley Strangler case
Castle : when she was just 25.
Beckett : I thought they caught him off of a speeding ticket.
Castle : Well, don't ask me how, but she profiled that he drove a Yugo.
Beckett : They found a girl tied up in the back.
UNK: Uh-huh. Jordan Shaw saved that girl's life.
Beckett : I've never seen you so excited to meet anyone before.
UNK: - No, I just... I'm... Coming through. Excuse us.
UNK: Other Man : Watch it. Through here.
Castle : Can we go see the war room now?
Shaw : You're running partials too, right?
Avery : Through all databases.
UNK: The lab is getting us information as fast as we can follow up.