Avery : he had a meeting with a Ben Conrad over a lawsuit about a dead dog.
Avery : Peterman declined to take the case, though.
Castle : - That's the last piece of our puzzle. - What do you have on Conrad?
Avery : Just a photo from the DMV.
UNK: Got you, you son of a bitch.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Okay. Okay, sweetie.
Shaw : Mommy's gotta go arrest somebody, okay? I'll be home for dinner.
Shaw : All right, I love you. Bye.
Beckett : - You're a mom? - Yeah.
Shaw : And you can holster your gun. You're both staying here.
UNK: What? Come on! This is the final take-down!
Castle : - You can't let her do this to us. - No, Agent Shaw's right.
Beckett : I'm his target.
Beckett : I can't compromise your team by walking into the line of fire.
Shaw : We'll take him down, but it'll still be your collar.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Wow. She's a mom. I never would've pegged her for that.
Beckett : I figured she was a career-driven woman with no time for a family.
Castle : Well, not everybody makes that choice.
Castle : - Beckett. - He's calling for you.
Beckett : Put him on. Hello?
UNK: He knows we're here. It's over, Ben. Time to give up.
Beckett : Ben, listen to me, you're surrounded. I need you to put the gun down.
Beckett : Ben, I need you to step outside of your apartment with your hands raised.
UNK: Ben!
UNK: Go!
Man : Go! Go! Go!
UNK: Bedroom's clear! Kitchen's clear!
Shaw : We're sending the gun to ballistics, but given it's a.45,
Shaw : it's probably the same one he used on other victims.
Castle : And probably the same one he was gonna use on you.
Shaw : Actually, no.
Shaw : He was planning something a little more spectacular.
Castle : Cell phones?
Beckett : He was making a detonator.
Shaw : He was extracting formaldehyde from the embalming fluid he stole
Shaw : to create cyclonite, a near military-grade explosive.
UNK: Well, when you profiled him, you said he was probably an arsonist.
Shaw : I also said he liked to make a big scene.
Shaw : Schematics of the precinct.
Shaw : He was planning on killing you and taking the whole station with you.