Castle : - See? I'm helping. - Yeah. Buy you an ice cream later.
UNK: Agent Shaw, we've got a problem. His pinky finger is missing.
Salt : Which one of you is Nikki Heat?
Salt : So I was on one of those Internet barter sites
Salt : and I was looking... It doesn't matter what I was looking for,
Salt : but I came across the ad. "Finger Wanted. Will Pay Top Dollar."
Beckett : And what's top dollar for a pinky finger?
UNK: Five thousand bucks.
Shaw : - Sounds like a real deal. - You get less than that for a kidney.
Salt : So anyway, I emailed him back, I told him I had everything he wanted.
Shaw : You gave him the finger. What more did he want?
Salt : He wanted me to have a violent felony conviction,
Salt : and to be recently paroled.
Salt : And you also had to be willing to suffer through the indignity of a false arrest.
Salt : He told me Detective Nikki Heat will be coming for me,
Salt : and it might get physical.
Salt : He didn't mention anything about Captain America with the Taser gun.
Beckett : So he warned you that he would be planting your print at a murder scene.
Shaw : Which is why you have an alibi.
Salt : I was perched on my favorite bar stool at McSorley's till closing every night
Salt : since that man took my digit and walked away with it in his cooler.
Shaw : - Is this the man? - Not sure. I didn't really see him.
Salt : He had a hat and sunglasses.
Beckett : - Who bandaged your finger? - He did.
Salt : He said you'd notice.
Salt : Be gentle with me, Nikki.
Beckett : There's numbers here.
Beckett : This looks like a code.
UNK: Severed digits, secret codes. This is like one of my books.
Shaw : You should have been with me on the Recapitator case.
Castle : What, that guy in Phoenix who switched his victims' heads?
Castle : That was your case?
Avery : Our techs have run the numbers
Avery : through all conventional cryptology.
Avery : - Can't crack it. - Which means what?
Avery : There's either a reference key that we don't have,
Avery : or the code itself is just a random string of numbers.
Shaw : It's not random. He bought another man's finger so he could leave a print
Shaw : that would lead us directly to this code.
Shaw : It's how he taunts Nikki. "Are you clever enough to solve my riddle?"
Shaw : So whatever this reference key is, he thinks you can find it.
Beckett : Those numbers could mean anything.
Castle : The left-hand column is less than 300,
Castle : right-hand column is no more than 260.
Shaw : And the combination of the joined pair most likely yields a word.
Castle : When we typeset a manuscript, there's usually 300 words a page
UNK: Seventy-nine. Second column is a word. "I."
UNK: 126, 80, "Will."
UNK: 145, 204, "Kill." - "I will kill..."
Shaw : Hang on. I'm uploading the text right now.
UNK: Midnight. That's eight hours away.