Castle : Yeah, Paula, that sounds perfect. Yeah, close the deal.
Castle : Thank you, and to you.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : Ask me why I'm here.
Beckett : You know, I ask myself that question every day.
Castle : That was Paula, my agent, with big news
UNK: - Want to guess? - Guessing would imply caring.
Castle : I'll give you a hint. The headlines in the trades might read,
UNK: "Castle Bestseller to Heat Up Big Screen."
Beckett : Your book is being made into a movie?
Castle : And you are about to be immortalized on the silver screen.
Beckett : Actually, Nikki Heat is going to be immortalized,
Beckett : - not me. - Yes, well, technically,
UNK: but it'll be widely publicized that you are the inspiration,
Castle : so, who would you like to play you in the movie?
Ryan : Whoa! Are you kidding? They're really making a Nikki Heat movie?
Ryan : Dude, did I call it or what?
Esposito : - Congrats, bro. - Thank you!
UNK: What do you think, I mean, James McAvoy for Detective Raley?
Esposito : I'm gonna go with Javier Bardem.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Do you have an address?
UNK: Okay. Who is this?
Beckett : - Tell me more about this murder. Tracing...
Ryan : Got it. - Hello?
Ryan : 42nd and Lex.
Castle : - That's Grand Central Station. - Yeah. Let's go.
Ryan : the phone call came from the second booth on the end.
UNK: Man Of The Crime Scene Unit : Here's his wallet.
Castle : - Thank you. You got it.
Beckett : His name's Alex Peterman, lives in Dobbs Ferry.
Beckett : So it wasn't a robbery.
Beckett : - He's a personal injury attorney. - Taking the late train home.
Beckett : Anything other than GSWs?
Lanie : Nope, just the five shots to the chest from a.45.
UNK: A.45 makes a pretty loud snap, crackle and pop.
Castle : Find it hard to believe no one heard it on the main concourse.
Beckett : He must have used a suppressor and waited for the train to pass by.
UNK: And let's face it, New Yorkers are famous
UNK: for their "Hear no evil, see no evil" attitude.
Lanie : I'll give you a call with an update once I get him back to the lab.
Castle : Thank you.
Castle : Hey, quick. Who do you want to play you in the Nikki Heat movie?
Lanie : - Halle Berry. - See?
Castle : Some people are just great at that game.
Castle : You know who we could get for you? Angelina...
Castle : No. Kate Beckett... Kate Beckinsale.
Castle : We'll call you K-Becks.
Beckett : Hey guys, where are we on the case?
UNK: We got a woman who says
UNK: that she heard a loud sound around 8 : 45.
UNK: Sounded like a car door slamming.
UNK: Then she said she saw a white male, 30s, average height,
Ryan : exiting the waiting room, moving very quickly to the 42nd street exit.
Esposito : Said he was wearing a black coat, black ball cap, sunglasses,
Esposito : and had some sort of beard, maybe a goatee.
UNK: All right, let's see if anyone can corroborate her description,
Beckett : and let's make up a sketch, show it to Alex Peterman's family,
Beckett : see if they recognize the killer.
Castle : What is it?
Beckett : He called to report his crime.
Beckett : And that voice... It's like he did this for fun.
Alexis : Hey, you're up early.
Castle : Yes, I have a date with Beckett at the morgue.
UNK: What nefarious plots are you two hatching?
UNK: Ah...
Castle : My birthday is coming up.
UNK: Ah.
Alexis : I think you should tell him, Gram. Sometimes he gives good advice.
Alexis : - Sometimes? Maybe you're right,
Martha : but I am not in the mood for any of your cavalier quips.
Castle : I'll be serious as a shark attack.
Martha : Chet has asked me to move in with him.
Alexis : I told her that I thought it was too soon. They've only been dating a few months.
Martha : When you get to be our age, every minute counts.