Shaw : The better I know him, the easier it will be to catch him.
UNK: It's like when I'm writing.
Castle : The killer's voice doesn't sound authentic
Castle : unless I understand his motivation.
UNK: Well, this guy likes to make a scene.
Shaw : I wouldn't be surprised if he was also an arsonist.
Shaw : In fact, I think that's what drew him
Shaw : to the Nikki Heat character in the first place, her name.
Shaw : Speaking of Detective Heat...
Castle : Guys, listen, not that I don't appreciate the royalties,
UNK: If our killer is obsessed with Nikki Heat, then so are we.
UNK: Avery? CliffsNotes, please.
UNK: "A real estate tycoon is killed. Detective Nikki Heat catches the case
UNK: "and investigates suspects who wanted the man dead.
UNK: "There's a trophy wife." Of course.
UNK: - "Dangerous mobsters..." - Excuse me, it's a...
Castle : I don't think there's a need to make it sound quite so dry. Thanks.
UNK: "Heat's life is complicated by a reporter named Jameson Rook,
UNK: "who's following her around for an article he's writing.
UNK: "Heat and Rook verbally spar,
UNK: "and in chapter 11, admit their attraction for one another
UNK: "and have sex."
Beckett : It's fiction.
UNK: "In the end, when the killer's revealed, it turns out it's actually..."
Castle : Spoiler alert.
Shaw : In deference to Mr. Castle's artistic sensitivity,
Shaw : you can all read the book to find out the identity of the killer.
Castle : Thank you. And If you want me to autograph those for you,
Castle : just form a single file line right here.
Castle : - Or not. We got a hit.
UNK: That pinky print off the second victim's purse belongs to a Donald Salt,
UNK: two-time loser.
Avery : On parole for a manslaughter conviction in 2005.
Avery : They just matched it to the partial pinky print
Avery : your team recovered from Grand Central.
UNK: Two pinky prints. So, he was at the station and the carousel.
Beckett : And the purse puts him with our victim.
Shaw : Let's mount up.
Shaw : Yeah, okay, just pulling up now.
Shaw : Yep. Got it.
Shaw : Salt lives in that brick building.
Shaw : His supervisor says he left work an hour ago,
Shaw : so he should be home by now.
UNK: When the others get here, we'll take him.
Shaw : - What is he doing? - He touches things.
UNK: Night-vision goggles. I think I have the newer model, though.
Castle : Maybe in my third book, Nikki Heat will cross swords
UNK: with a good-Iooking yet cold-hearted FBI profiler.
Castle : Or maybe not.
Shaw : So how long have you two been sleeping together?
Beckett : We're not sleeping together. We... He just observes me.
Shaw : Yeah, I've seen how he observes you.
Castle : No, she's right. Aside from my second wife,
Castle : this is the most sexless relationship I've ever been in.
Shaw : I've been profiling people for a long time.
Shaw : - I'm hardly ever wrong. - Well, this time you are wrong.
Shaw : So, if you're not sleeping together, why do you keep him around?
Castle : You know I can hear you.
Beckett : He's actually proven to be surprisingly helpful.
UNK: I'll take your word on that.
Shaw : Put the Taser down.
Shaw : Okay, the team's here. You stay in the car.
Beckett : You heard her, Castle. Stay.
Castle : Could you at least crack the window for me?
Man : Come on, let's go. Move, go.
Shaw : Let's make it quick and bloodless.
Shaw : Hang on.
Shaw : - Stop! FBI! Hey!