Castle : "Nikki will burn." I can see the poetry in that.
Castle : The terrible, homicidal poetry.
Shaw : I just wouldn't have profiled this guy as suicidal.
Shaw : I guess once we found him,
Shaw : it was the only way he could control the situation.
Beckett : At least Conrad saved us the trouble of a trial.
Shaw : And the best news is, I'm out of your hair.
UNK: The best news is that it's over.
UNK: Hey. Thought you went to bed an hour ago.
Alexis : I couldn't sleep.
Alexis : - I thought the case was over. - It is. Wrapped up all nice and neat.
Alexis : That's a good thing, right?
Castle : In a book, that's a good thing. In real life, nothing is that neat.
Castle : What's got you still up?
Alexis : Gram. I can't believe she's leaving tomorrow.
Alexis : I mean, yeah, when she first moved in,
Alexis : I couldn't imagine having her around all the time.
UNK: But now I can't imagine her being gone.
Castle : Listen. It's a fact of life. People we love leave us.
UNK: Unless you chain them to a radiator, which, for some reason, is illegal.
UNK: But knowing her,
Castle : she'll be back in six months.
Martha : Oh, good, you're both up.
Martha : Darling, I need you to help me decide on what to take.
Martha : Oh, and I need to get my bags down. Richard, could you give us a hand?
Martha : - A hand. - What?
Castle : The bruising pattern on the second victim.
Castle : The killer used his left hand.
UNK: And see his handwriting?
UNK: Look at the slope on the four and the loop on the six.
Martha : Yeah, so he was left-handed.
UNK: But Ben Conrad shot himself with his right hand.
Castle : If the man in the window was Ben Conrad,
Castle : he would've shot himself on the left side.
Castle : Ben Conrad didn't kill himself.
Castle : Ben Conrad was murdered by the man in the window.
UNK: Ben... Ben's not our killer. The real killer was just playing with us.
Alexis : - But the evidence... - No, it was...
Castle : It was planted there to lead us to Ben.
Castle : He wants us to think it's over.
Castle : He wants us to drop our guard. He wants to make a big scene.
Castle : - "Nikki will burn." Beckett. Oh, God.
Castle : Montgomery took the detail off her place. She's alone.
UNK: She's not picking up. Call the precinct. Tell them to get over there right away.
Castle : Tell them we were wrong. Tell them the killer's still alive.
Castle : You lock this door behind me. Don't let anyone in.
Martha : Captain Montgomery, please. Yes, tell him it's an emergency.
UNK: Come on, Beckett, pick it. Pick up the phone! Pick it up!
Beckett : What, Castle?
Castle : It wasn't Ben Conrad! He's not the killer! The killer's still alive!