UNK: Is this a blood test for our marriage license?
UNK: Planning on kidnapping me to Massachusetts? Can't...
Enid : What did you give him?
Enid : Are you treating him for something?
Chase : A sedative.
Enid : Did he need a sedative? I did.
Foreman : Just shutting him up so I can draw some of his blood in peace.
Enid : You walked in with that. You didn't even give him a chance.
Foreman : People are what they are.
Cameron : He's sick.
Enid : The rudeness isn't his fault.
Foreman : If he had tuberculosis, it wouldn't be his fault either.
Foreman : But I still wouldn't let him cough on me.
UNK: Hi. Hey.
Wilson : Where are you going?
Cameron : The lab. We're testing our patient's blood for a hereditary...
Wilson : Cuddy thinks I sabotaged Foreman's interview.
UNK: She's going to fire me.
Cameron : I don't believe it.
Wilson : She said it was unprofessional and...
Cameron : No, I mean, I literally don't believe it.
Cameron : Cuddy wouldn't fire you for something like that.
Cameron : Which means either she lied to you or you're lying to me.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
Wilson : You so would have fallen for that three years ago.
Cameron : You were looking for a reaction.
Cameron : You were looking for me to feel bad for you, save your skin.
UNK: But how am I going to save you?
Cameron : Unless you think I'm the one who really did it.
Wilson : Cuddy's logic was,
Wilson : Foreman's valuable to House, I care about House,
Wilson : ergo, I would do anything to save him.
Cameron : And your logic was, I care about House as much as you do, ergo...
House : It wasn't me.
Cameron : I don't care about House.
Wilson : I don't believe you.
Cameron : No one does.
Cameron : House is nothing more than my boss. Foreman's nothing more than a colleague.
Cuddy : You're lying.
Cameron : Everyone does.
Cameron : But it wasn't me.
Chase : No markers for hepatic fibrosis.
UNK: And nothing for McAb.
Cameron : Foreman's interview in New York got screwed up.
Chase : I heard.
Cameron : Foreman thought it was House. House thought it was Cuddy.
Cameron : Cuddy thought it was Wilson. Wilson thought it was me.
Chase : And you think it was me?
Chase : God... You think I sabotaged Foreman?
Chase : I don't even want him here.
House : I know.
Chase : Then why would I do...
Cameron : I think you sabotaged Foreman just to sabotage Foreman.
Chase : So everyone's a suspect because everyone wants to help House,
Chase : except for me, I'm a suspect because I'm a petty, vindictive jerk?
Chase : You actually think I would do something like that?
Cameron : It was someone.
House : It wasn't me.
Chase : Negative for Von Gierke disease.
Chase : And it's Tuesday.
House : I know.
Chase : I like you.
House : I know.
Cameron : See you next Tuesday.
Chase : Found something.
Chase : He's got a partial HPRT enzyme deficiency.
Chase : Means he could have Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome.
Cameron : But it's a partial deficiency, so it may not be Kelley-Seegmiller.
House : Yes, those are the two options. It is,
House : or it isn't.
Chase : Kelley-Seegmiller explains the aggressive personality.
Cameron : If he had Kelley-Seegmiller, he wouldn't just be aggressive.
Cameron : He'd be self-mutilating. Chewing his lips, banging his head.
House : Lovely disease.
House : Degenerative, fatal, incurable.
House : I wonder if that's why Cameron's on the "not" side?
Cameron : That and the fact that symptoms don't lie.
Chase : Kelley-Seegmiller carriers self-mutilate when they're stressed.
UNK: He's in ICU with a failing liver and no kidneys.
Cameron : Yeah, his life is sweet.
Chase : His vegetarian diet could have limited the purines in his system,
Chase : slowing the disease's progress.
House : So let's speed it up.
UNK: Why?
House : So you two kids will stop fighting.
House : Also, I don't feel like waiting for respiratory failure.
House : Chase, find some way for the mother to get lost for a while.
House : I'm going to stress this kid till he bites off a finger.
UNK: You move me to geriatrics?
Nate : Who are you?
House : Dr. McCaney.
UNK: The man who's going to kick your ass all over this chess board.
Nate : Well, I'm too weak to...
UNK: To bite yourself. Yeah.
House : You need some liquid energy.
House : Now if you consent, I'm gonna give you this shot of adrenaline.
UNK: WINCING
UNK: I don't want to play.
House : Aside from being indicative of pituitary issues
House : and certain kinds of genetic disorders, small testicles also indicate
House : that you're a big chicken.
House : Please don't make me do the sound effect.
UNK: You're not going to goad me into playing.
House : Didn't think I'd have to.
House : Thought you'd just jump at the chance of humiliating someone.