Doug : Wait. How could you know...
House : A psychic once told me that I'm psychic.
House : Hey! One of these quarters is Canadian.
House : Give me back my syringe.
Cameron : Hamburger stress test showed no change in his ammonia levels.
Foreman : Liver's properly converting the ammonia into urea.
Foreman : He doesn't have OTC deficiency.
House : Welcome back.
UNK: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been taking my problems out on the patient.
House : Or on me.
House : Apology accepted.
House : Starve him.
Foreman : And what are we looking for?
House : Diabetic steatosis would screw up his liver.
House : Starve him overnight and see if his blood sugar pops.
Chase : We mess with his blood sugar, we could set off another rage.
House : Not a problem. You can take him.
UNK: NURSE SCREAMS
Nate : I want something to eat!
Enid : Honey, please don't.
Chase : What happened?
Nurse : I was just trying to get a urine sample and he went crazy.
Nate : I need to eat! You're not sticking anything else in me!
Foreman : It's just a few more hours.
UNK: You're going to hurt yourself.
UNK: I'm going to hurt you!
Chase : As soon as we get a urine sample, we can leave you alone.
Nate : You want your sample? Here's your damn sample!
Foreman : Nate, don't!
Enid : Oh, my God!
Chase : Nate, you need to get back into bed. Right now.
Cameron : Chem panel and urinalysis confirms
Cameron : the bloody urine was caused by kidney failure.
Cameron : He's on dialysis. He's going to need it for the rest of his life.
House : Which is shortening as we speak.
House : We are looking at a Chinese menu.
House : We've got symptoms from too many columns.
House : They are going to overcharge us.
Cameron : Multiple organ failure could mean primary HIV infection.
Chase : That'd mean someone agreed to sleep with him.
Chase : Plus, his serology is negative.
Foreman : His uric acid's slightly elevated.
Chase : Ten percent of males in this country have elevated...
UNK: So we're only going to pay attention to abnormal abnormalities?
Chase : We've been stuffing him with meat and his kidneys are shot.
Chase : Of course his uric acid level's...
UNK: Could be hepatic fibrosis, or McAb.
Foreman : Brat's got a genetic disorder.
House : Get the sequencing primers.
House : See if it's one of the ones we can treat.
Foreman : I can draw some blood, but then I got to run.
Foreman : Job interview?
UNK: You going to stop me if it is?
House : You do the nurse stuff. They'll do the doctor stuff.