Nate : No, because you're gay.
UNK: SIGHS HEAVILY
Chase : Cluster headaches can persist for years,
Chase : cause irritability or even hostility towards others.
Enid : You mean the illness is affecting his personality?
Chase : If these treatments work, it could...
Enid : Change him? Yeah.
Enid : Oh, thank God!
Enid : You must think I'm awful.
Enid : Here my son's lying in a hospital bed...
Chase : I'm pretty sure I get it.
Enid : I thought I was a bad mother.
Enid : And I hated myself
Enid : because I hated him.
UNK: What do you got for me this fine morning?
Chase : Blood thinners and TMS had no effect. It's not cluster headaches.
House : You accusing the symptoms of lying?
Cameron : Could be hemochromatosis.
House : Wouldn't account for the personality disorder.
Cameron : What about hypothyroidism?
House : He's not getting aggressive and lethargic. He's getting aggressive and aggressiver.
Cameron : What about ruptured dermoid cyst?
UNK: Sorry. I just got dizzy there. I was expecting to turn right.
House : It's Foreman's turn to be shot down.
Foreman : The thing that Cameron said.
House : Way to think outside the box.
House : But no fat in the ventricles. It's cluster headaches.
Chase : Normal treatment didn't work. Abnormal treatment didn't work.
House : Good point, Foreman.
UNK: But treatments don't always work. Symptoms never lie.
Cameron : The only approved treatment left for cluster headaches is brain surgery,
Cameron : and that's not even a guarantee.
House : Back off, Foreman!
House : If the approved treatment doesn't work, we go with an unapproved treatment.
UNK: Hey!
House : Something on your mind?
House : Because you totally can't tell.
Foreman : I had a job interview lined up at New York Mercy yesterday.
House : Hospital for Manhattan's glitterati. Big coup. Your homies would be kvelling.
Foreman : Didn't happen, because apparently I called to cancel.
Foreman : I don't remember making that call.
Foreman : You think I have a neurological issue? Yes.
Foreman : Why are you jerking me around?
House : It wasn't me.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : It was one of the other petty, socially repressed asses I work for.
House : Maybe it was Ashton Kutcher.
Foreman : If you want me to stay, tell me you want me to stay.
House : Would it matter?
Foreman : No, but it'd be the adult way to handle it.
House : If the adult way doesn't work, why bother with it?
Foreman : I've been totally professional!
Foreman : Gave two weeks' notice, continued to work cases,
Foreman : scheduled my interviews on my own time.
Foreman : You have no right to screw with my future.
House : You're gonna be all whiny during the differential diagnoses, aren't you?
House : It wasn't me.
House : I only sabotage people I consider worth it.
House : You are one evil, cunning woman.
House : It's a massive turn-on.
House : You girls can gossip later.
Cuddy : What are you talking about?
House : You called New York Mercy to have Foreman's job interview killed.
House : When I said, "You girls can gossip later," I was throwing you out, but in a polite way.
Cuddy : Well, I take it you're off your anti-depressants.
House : You're deflecting. Only I'm allowed to do that.
Cuddy : Does Foreman actually think I did that?
House : No. Just me.
UNK: But I know something he doesn't : I didn't do it.