Chase : Your head still hurt?
Nick : You a moron?
UNK: Nate!
Nate : I'm clutching my head in pain and he asks if it hurts?
Nate : What are you, some kind of med student?
Nate : You look like you still have theme birthday parties.
UNK: Sorry.
Chase : Any problems concentrating in school lately?
UNK: What, besides the dreams of running my tongue along my French teacher's breasts?
Nate : No, I'm doing quite great.
Chase : The rage and pain could be caused by a parasite.
Chase : Does he eat a lot of sushi? No.
Enid : He was a vegetarian until just a few months ago.
UNK: Any changes in behavior since the new diet?
UNK: No.
Enid : He's been this way since he became a teenager.
Enid : It doesn't matter how much I yell or punish, he's still gonna say what...
Nate : Yeah. Let's all shed a tear for poor little Nate's mother.
UNK: SOBBING SARCASTICALLY
Nate : Any more stupid questions? Nate!
Chase : I hate this kid.
House : I like this kid.
Chase : You haven't met him.
House : I know you hate him. What more do I need to know?
House : Kid's not a cliché. Anybody can get into a fight after losing.
House : It takes real creativity to beat up someone you just beat.
UNK: The pain's not limited to his head.
UNK: The rest of his bumps and bruises are accounted for
UNK: by the 17 fights he's been in this semester.
UNK: Concussion?
Chase : MRI was clean, no frontal lobe tumor,
Chase : and the tox screen showed no trace of coke or amphetamines.
Foreman : Nate went medieval on the other kid.
Chase : Could be... Hold on.
House : I'm having a moment.
House : This could be Foreman's last time mistakenly suggesting adrenal gland tumor.
Foreman : Which could create excess adrenaline, causes the head pain and rage.
House : But not the personality disorder.
Foreman : There is no personality disorder.
Foreman : He's a teenager.
House : Being a teenager excuses the odd inappropriate comment.
House : This kid say anything appropriate?
House : He's having cluster headaches.
House : Probably been having them for years. Question is, what's causing them?
Foreman : If it were just a cluster headache, he'd have swelling around the eyes.
House : ER gave him ibuprofen for the pain.
House : Useless for this pain, but it could've knocked down the swelling.
House : Best bet is a vascular problem.
Cameron : Normal treatment for cluster headaches is steroids, which the ER also gave him.
Cameron : He's still in pain, which means...
House : Normal treatment is called "normal treatment"
House : because sometimes you have to use abnormal treatment.
House : Start him on blood thinners,
House : and give his noggin transcranial magnetic stimulation.
UNK: And don't you dare touch that acerbic wit.
Chase : Fifty bucks to whichever of you steps up and treats this brat.
Cameron : Not the kid's fault. He's sick.
Chase : Fine. You do it.
Cameron : No way. He's your brat.
Foreman : I'll do it. But I've got a job interview after work.
Foreman : Anything comes up later, you guys handle it.
Cameron : Need a peer recommendation?
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Cameron should suffice.
UNK: This isn't going to turn me into some, like, drooling vegetable
UNK: who wets his pants, is it?
Foreman : It's safe.
Foreman : The magnetic pulses activate nerve cells, which will hopefully squelch the head pain.
Nate : Is there anything you can do about the other pain?
Foreman : From the fights?
Nate : Yeah, I mean, my face, my shoulder, my stomach.
UNK: I mean, I can barely bend my fingers.
Foreman : You're already on pain meds. Nothing more I can do.
Nate : Sure you can, man.
UNK: Tell your homies to quit stomping on me.
Foreman : I'll get the word out that you're a great guy.
Nate : So do people watch what they say around you?
Foreman : Because I'm black?