Brant : Making the voting public aware of what's really happening on the ground
Brant : will help bring our troops home faster.
Brant : My brother's grunt means he disagrees.
Hayes : I think you're being naive.
Hayes : And I know you took an oath.
Hayes : If you want to influence policy, run for office.
Brant : Dad raised us to believe that exposing the truth is honorable.
Brant : Hayes likes to follow the rules.
Hayes : Yeah, because that's what Dad taught us was honorable.
UNK: You were 10 when he died, you can't possibly have any...
Brant : If Dad always believed in blindly following the rules,
Brant : how do you explain Tora Bora?
Brant : My dad was commanding a Special Forces unit.
Brant : He lost communication with his men, they were assumed dead.
Brant : He was ordered to abandon them and focus on the primary mission.
Brant : He disobeyed that order, went and found his men, still alive and fighting.
Brant : He saved their lives.
Adams : Did he die in service?
Adams : If it was something genetic, it could help us.
UNK: No, it won't help. It was a one-car accident.
Brant : That's the Army's official story.
UNK: My brother's naive on this and...
Brant : I can't feel my leg.
Adams : I'll get the discharge papers.
Brant : I have a blood clot.
Park : No you don't. We gave you a placebo
Park : to see if you'd fake another symptom to delay going to prison.
UNK: Wait, wait, wait. Wait a second. He's not faking.
Park : Because that's not the way your dad raised him?
UNK: Yes.
Brant : My stomach hurts, too. What's going on?
Hayes : He's not faking.
Chase : Just because he's got abdominal bruising
Chase : doesn't mean he wasn't faking the numbness.
Adams : He's not contesting the treason charges.
Adams : If his code of honor is that strong,
UNK: he's not going to bother faking symptoms.
UNK: Pleading guilty isn't honorable, it's just stupid.
Adams : A distal esophageal rupture can lead to compartment syndrome in his thigh.
Adams : Explains both symptoms.
Taub : No pain when he swallows.
House : What is honor? Dying for your country?
House : Getting straight A's?
House : Killing your daughter because she had the audacity to get raped'?
Taub : Ruptured triple-A?
Park : Doesn't explain the seizures.
Chase : Pancreatitis? Gallstones obstructing his pancreatic duct.
UNK: People define honor with whatever makes them feel honorable.
House : It's a circle going nowhere.
House : Which I guess is what circles do.
Taub : We'll ultrasound his belly and look for the obstruction.
Adams : Need your signature on this order.
Adams : The Army's leaning on Foreman to make sure this is done by the book.
House : Didn't need an order for his last treatment.
House : His last treatment wasn't a treatment.
House : Forge it.
Adams : I will. From now on.
Adams : But I need the original, so I know what to forge.
Gloria : We were having coffee when the dizziness started.
Wilson : Business meeting?
Mel : Date. Our first.
Mel : We met at the Ninety Eight Cent Store.
Gloria : We were reaching for the same tube of cheese.
UNK: Huh!
Brant : I'm sorry. Yeah.
Adams : I need to talk to you.
Wilson : Just about done.
Wilson : Good news. Based on her thrifty shopping habits
Wilson : and taste for artificial dairy,
Wilson : she's clearly not a gold digger.
Wilson : Bad news.
Wilson : Based on his Rhinotillexomania, he is.