UNK: which could result in side effects, like death.
House : Small soda.
House : Graves it is. Start him on anti-thyroids.
Park : I know we disagree with House all the time,
Park : but before I could say, "Okay, he's a genius."
UNK: Now?
Park : Maybe he's just really smart.
Chase : We're not gonna give him the anti-thyroids.
Chase : Feeling okay? Any better?
Brant : Pretty good.
Hayes : He did just ask me for a blanket.
Adams : You're cold?
Wilson : A little.
Chase : For how long?
Brant : It's really nothing. Maybe an hour or two.
Adams : He's at 104.
Chase : It's not Bernard Soulier.
House : Bold move.
UNK: You've gone from speculating that I'm sick, to acting like I'm dead.
Taub : We acted like we don't trust your judgment,
Taub : because we don't trust your judgment.
House : Why don't you start by not trusting your own?
Adams : We did more blood work. It's not Graves either.
Foreman : Talk to you for a minute?
House : Anything you have to say to me, you can say to them.
UNK: It's only fair, considering anything they say to me,
UNK: they also say to you.
UNK: Jiggle your pockets. Who's got the silver coins?
Foreman : Until you receive a clean bill of health,
Foreman : I'll be authorizing all treatment orders.
House : I would say that that was an incredibly stupid mistake.
House : But apparently I'd have to clear that opinion through Foreman first.
Adams : White count is high,
Adams : so all the infections we ruled out when he came in are back on the table.
UNK: Legionnaires'? Unlikely without pneumonia.
UNK: Taub?
House : Loyalty issues in his personal life
UNK: make sense if they cross over into his professional one.
House : The patient's infection is an inherently less interesting puzzle
UNK: than the stab wound in my back.
Taub : Fine. I told Foreman. Can we move on now?
Taub : What about dengue?
Foreman : Patient isn't in enough pain.
UNK: Nope!
House : I don't mean about dengue, I have no idea.
UNK: Taub's only confessing 'cause he wants us to focus on the patient.
Taub : I told Foreman.
House : I did.
House : The next person to confess is fired.
House : Or Spartacus.
Foreman : For clarification, no one's getting fired.
House : And then there's Park?
Park : The only one who didn't confess.
UNK: And the same cowardice,
House : that makes someone unable to move out of Mommy and Daddy's home,
House : might also make someone a tattletale.
Park : You threatened to fire the next person who...
House : And it's malaria. No, it's not.
Adams : The Army issues anti-malaria medication.
UNK: And has done for 10 years.
House : That's the equivalent of 5,000 generations
UNK: It's plenty long enough to develop a resistance.
House : Anopheles, by the way, ifs Greek for "useless".
Foreman : Cover for intra-abdominal sepsis and treat with antimalarials.
House : And was I also right that it was a stupid idea?
Taub : We believe you have malaria.
Taub : These pills...
Brant : I don't want any medication.
Brant : My dad's file should've been here.
Hayes : Brant, I told you. I looked into it. There's just a delay.
Brant : I believe that's what the Army's saying.
Brant : I don't believe it's true.
Brant : If they're not going to keep their end of the bargain,
Brant : neither am I.
Park : So, we got groped for nothing?
Adams : If he doesn't want to stay alive...
Hayes : Hold on.
Hayes : Is it too late to become his conservator?
Hayes : I know what I said before.
Hayes : Right now, I don't care.
Taub : Of course not. We'll get the paperwork drawn up.