Taub : You just took out a family of four.
House : They were clearly armed insurgents,
House : and anyone who claims or proves otherwise
House : is a traitor.
House : No rash or back pain.
Adams : You defend the patient for being a whistle-blower,
Adams : then attack him for being an honorable whistle-blower,
Adams : now you defend him for being a maligned, honorable whistle-blower?
House : Adjectives matter. Hate nurses, love naughty nurses.
House : Taub, pitch again.
Taub : I've pitched like five...
House : It's your turn.
UNK: Lymphoma?
Adams : If cancer caused his seizures,
Adams : we would have seen cerebral masses on his head CT.
UNK: TAUB; Yes!
House : Taub, pitch again. Now!
Taub : The nodules in his spleen were granulomas.
Taub : He's got sarcoidosis!
House : Someone tell him he's wrong.
Chase : Sorry, House. Sarcoid does explain the seizures.
Park : And the bruises.
UNK: Say "bye-bye," House.
Hayes : Yes! Yes!
House : Sarcoidosis it is. Treat it with steroids.
House : Then come right back here,
House : 'cause I'm not gonna rest until I've made orphans of all your virtual children.
Adams : House never loses.
Taub : Seriously'? Me beating House is medically significant?
Park : It could be.
Park : Reduced fine motor control. Add that to inattention and liver flap.
Park : It does make sense.
Adams : We have to talk to Foreman.
Taub : No, we don't.
Taub : First of all, because I can beat him in that game.
Taub : And second, even if you are right, there's no reason to believe
Taub : that House's medical judgment is impaired.
Adams : So we should wait until he kills someone for confirmation?
UNK: Do you really think it's a coincidence that we're treating a whistle-blower
Chase : and now talking about blowing the whistle on House?
Taub : You're right. Playing dumb.
UNK: A messy signature. Losing a video game.
Chase : It's way too complicated to fake.
Brant : No. I won't take it.
Taub : Without this injection, you could have a fatal arrhythmia.
Brant : Tell Major Mathewson that I'm not taking any more treatment
Brant : until they give me a live television interview.
Hayes : You can't really think they'll agree to that?
Brant : People need to know the tape's not the reason for that attack.
Brant : They need to know why I did this.
Taub : The people who think you're a traitor will still think you're a traitor,
Taub : and the people who think you're a hero will still think you're a hero.
Brant : The truth makes a difference.
Hayes : If Dad were here, he'd be begging for you not to do this.
Hayes : If Dad were here, he'd be proud of me.
Taub : The conspiracy theorists are gonna go nuts if the patient dies.
Foreman : I told him that, and he told me that option is still less damaging
Foreman : than giving the kid a national platform.
Hayes : So, what do we do now?
Taub : You explain to your brother that he overplayed his hand.
UNK: Well, that won't make any difference.
Hayes : The idiot thinks he's doing the right thing.
Chase : What if we convince a court that his refusal
Chase : is part of an underlying psychiatric disorder?
Chase : They assign a conservator, we do what we want.
Foreman : Fraud? Great.
UNK: Narcissistic personality disorder.
Chase : Both the leaking of the tape and the refusal of treatment
Chase : indicate that he has no fear of consequences.
Foreman : No way a judge classifies a personality disorder as a mental illness.
Taub : If a decorated military officer,
Taub : who happened to be the patient's brother, corroborates, they might.
Hayes : So you want me to sign a piece of paper that says my brother is crazy
Hayes : for doing what he thinks is right?
Taub : I want you to save his life. His heart could go at any time.
Hayes : He's a fool, but he's not crazy.
UNK: The patient is refusing treatment because of honor,
Chase : and his brother is refusing to be his conservator because of honor.
House : Good, Taub's cured the patient.
Taub : I had to go to the bathroom. Bathroom's that way.
House : You just ran in from that way.
Taub : That one's been out of order for two days.
Taub : I had to go up to the third floor.
Taub : I'm not lying. It's out of order.
House : I believe you. I'm going to fix it.
Chase : We could treat if he doesn't know he's being treated.
Chase : Lace his sponge bath?
Park : Would take too long to reach his bloodstream.
Adams : What if we aerosolize steroids and blast the room?
House : Speaking of which.
House : It'd be too hard to get the prednisone concentrations right.