House : To be continued. I need to brilliantly cure a patient.
House : No hair usually means no lice.
House : What we didn't account for was that it wasn't your hair.
House : Tea was not the only thing that your Afghani neighbors shared with you.
House : I'm sure they were generous enough to let you sit on their furniture
House : which was infested with rat lice.
House : You have typhus.
House : Caused the vasculitis and explains all your other symptoms.
House : But here's where it gets interesting.
House : One of those symptoms, a lawyer might argue, was leaking the tape.
House : There are psychiatric issues associated with typhus.
UNK: And if you change your mind, plead not guilty, you've got a case.
Brant : I'd be undermining everything I've been trying to do.
Hayes : You did what you thought you had to do.
Hayes : Going to jail proves nothing.
Brant : It proves I still have my honor.
House : You're not doing this for honor,
House : you're doing this to please your father.
UNK: And the pathetic thing is, is that the man you're trying to please never existed.
UNK: Traitor.
House : You've been avoiding me for two days.
UNK: Because when I stranded you behind the barricades,
House : you went straight to Foreman.
Wilson : I've been avoiding you because you're an ass.
House : I've been an ass my whole life. I can't get rid of you.
Wilson : You can get rid of me now. Just turn and limp away.
UNK: Hun!
House : Your whiny righteousness has the stench of sincerity.
UNK: Fine. I'll have to punish my whole team,
UNK: so one of them will step forward.
House : Makes sense.
House : Damn. Now I'm gonna have to punish my whole team
UNK: so one of them will step forward.
Wilson : You just said that
House : Yeah, but I meant it this time.
House : First time, I was just testing you.
House : Either you were gonna genuinely confess or falsely confess'
House : or actually...
House : His name's Li'l Chase.
House : He's a rat.
House : You're a rat. Get it?
House : Taub confessed to telling Foreman to protect the patient.
House : Adams confessed to protect Taub.
House : Your confession was just piling on.
UNK: There was no rational reason for you to have done ii.
Chase : And my punishment will be nothing.
Chase : You wanted me to tell Foreman.
Chase : Your ability to solve puzzles is the only thing that matters to you.
Chase : And you're smart enough to know even you'll lose your edge at some point.
Chase : You want to make sure someone's there when you do.
House : If that were true,
House : why are Li'l Chase's little cousins
House : scurrying through your apartment floorboards right now?