House : No one fixes anything unless they have a compelling reason.
UNK: And if we're going to treat,
UNK: we have to give him a compelling reason.
UNK: Something that he wants more than an interview.
UNK: Fire in the hole!
Chase : A signed order from Major Mathewson.
Chase : They've agreed to declassify the redacted pages
Chase : from your father's service record.
Chase : In two days, you'll have all your answers.
Taub : But the only way you'll live long enough to get the truth is by accepting treatment.
Brant : I don't trust the Army to follow through on this.
Hayes : But you trust me.
Hayes : I'll make sure those pages get here.
UNK: Okay.
Chase : Selfishness is apparently honorable now.
Chase : He wanted to create change, instead he's just satisfying his own curiosity.
Taub : He's getting the truth. Most he could hope for.
Taub : I need to take a dump.
Taub : Specifically, House's dump.
Adams : You set this up?
Taub : All it took was showing up two minutes late and a $2 sign.
Taub : Bile deposits are irregular.
Taub : House's liver is failing.
Chase : Cognitive impairment will get progressively worse.
Hayes : What's going on?
Brant : My foot. It's killing me.
Adams : It's completely cyanotic.
Adams : This isn't sarcoidosis.
House : Cholesterol embolization?
UNK: Are you even going to acknowledge what we just told you'?
House : That you pilfered my poo-poo?
House : Yeah, I was thinking it would be less awkward for all of us
House : if we could just pretend that never happened.
Adams : It's not an embolization. No instrumentation inside the arteries.
House : Thank you for getting us back to...
Adams : And if we start you on treatment now, get you off Vicodin...
House : What's the opposite of "thank you"? Pretty sure it ends in "you".
House : I know my body. I'm fine.
UNK: Methemoglobinemia.
UNK: Army tests for G6PD deficiency.
UNK: If you're not sick, then our tests accurate 99.5% of the time,
Chase : yielded a false positive, three separate times.
Chase : The odds of that are one in eight million.
House : The test is accurate. The diagnosis isn't.
UNK: The sample was obviously contaminated by other foods
House : interacting with my liver enzymes.
UNK: Now, can we talk about the sick patient?
Park : His clot dissolved. That could have caused the vasospasm.
UNK: And DIC could have been caused by Bernard Soulier Syndrome.
Park : And you're sick and you have to do something about it.
UNK: If we got a patient file with the same symptoms you're exhibiting...
House : And the symptoms I'm not exhibiting?
House : Jaundice, ascites, fetor hepaticus.
Taub : We can't tell if your breath stinks because you've been popping mints
Taub : like they're Vicodin.
UNK: And you would still diagnose hepatic encephalopathy.
Chase : I know that because four doctors you trained have unanimously diagnosed you
Chase : with hepatic encephalopathy.
House : Park's right. Treat the patient with heparin.
Adams : We'll have a stronger argument if we go to Foreman as a united front.
Adams : We'll have a stronger argument if we have an argument.
Chase : If House is sick, it's his business, not Foreman's.
Taub : Foreman's business is to make sure his doctors are able to do their jobs.
Taub : That lives aren't put at risk.
Chase : Telling Foreman will put lives at risk.
Chase : We tell Foreman, House either agrees to treatment or gets suspended.
Chase : Which means House gets suspended.
Chase : And considering House at 90%
Chase : is better than any other doctor at this hospital at 100%
Chase : that means our patients get a lower standard of care.
Park : House could be at 90%, he could be at 60%. We don't know.
Chase : And until we do, there's no reason to do anything more than what we've done.
House : Blurry vision, headache, bit of nausea and dizziness.