Phoebe : Check it out, this is unbelievable!
UNK: Joey's been holding his breath for almost four minutes.
Joey : You trying to kill me?
UNK: -I want to ask you something. -What?
UNK: Since I'm moving out, and you're so beautiful...
Rachel : how about I move in with you?
Phoebe : That would be great, but what do we do about Denise?
UNK: -Who's Denise? -My roommate.
UNK: Your roommate?
Phoebe : Yes, Denise. Denise!
Joey : What is with the secrecy, Phoebe?
UNK: What about Denise? She cute?
Chandler : How can you have a roommate that we don't know about?
Phoebe : Because you never listen to what I say.
Phoebe : I talk about her all the time. Denise!
UNK: I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place.
UNK: -That's true. -Move in with me.
UNK: We can stay up late talking, and watch movies.
Joey : You know about naked Thursdays, right?
Rachel : Yeah, yeah. I think I'll find my own place.
UNK: Hey! I thought naked Thursdays was just our thing, man.
UNK: -You didn't tell her, did you? -No.
UNK: Because you're in love with her.
Ross : I am not in love with her. She was upset about having to move out.
UNK: If she knew we were still married, she'd have been more upset.
UNK: So I comforted her. As a friend.
UNK: You "comforted her"?
UNK: Nothing. I just gave her a hug.
Phoebe : A classic sign of love, the hug.
UNK: It's also a sign of friendship.
UNK: Not in your case, "Lovey Loverson."
UNK: It was a hug. Okay?
UNK: A simple hug.
UNK: I was a friend being a friend to a friend.
UNK: Use the word "friend" more.
Phoebe : Did you, or did you not, smell her hair?
Phoebe : Smell her hair?
Ross : What if I did?
UNK: Ninety percent of a woman's pheromones come out of her head.
UNK: That's why women are shorter.
Phoebe : So that men will fall in love when they hug them.
Phoebe : Come on, Ross, you're a scientist.
Ross : I was hugging her as a friend.
UNK: It's not my fault her hair got in my face.
UNK: She's got a lot of it, and it smells all... all...
UNK: coconutty.
UNK: What? It doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel.
Ross : Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts.
UNK: Okay, but be careful. Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Ross : If the place you're referring to is being in love...
Ross : she is in the same place as me, because I am not in that place.
UNK: I didn't understand that.
UNK: Maybe that's because you were speaking the secret language of love.
UNK: -A guy just called for you. -Who was it?
UNK: I don't know. How about "Thanks for taking the message"?
Monica : When you move in...
UNK: Rachel's room will be empty. Let's talk about what to do with it.
UNK: I think we should have a beautiful guest room...
Monica : with a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with fresh flowers.
UNK: And comment cards so people could tell us how great their stay was.
UNK: I really haven't thought about it that much.
Chandler : Well, I like that idea... obviously.