UNK: Listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need a game room.
Chandler : I only played those games because I couldn't get girls. Now I can get..
Chandler : Now I have you.
UNK: No, not that I think I have you...
Chandler : or think of you as property in any sort of way. I see women...
Monica : Stop it, Chandler.
UNK: I'm sorry too.
UNK: -Really? -Yeah. Oh, yes.
Monica : We can think of something to do with the room together.
Chandler : Great idea. We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
UNK: Totally.
UNK: -We don't have to decide now. -Good.
UNK: Let's think about changes we can make in the living room.
UNK: Changes?
UNK: We'll have to move some furniture to make room for my chair.
UNK: You're bringing the Barcalounger over here?
Chandler : Is that a problem?
UNK: It's just that they're a set and should stay together.
UNK: That's cool. I'll bring them both over.
UNK: You're taking them away from their home.
UNK: I get it. I get nothing. Nothing here is mine. Everything is yours.
UNK: I'll get up in the morning, put on your clothes and go off to work!
UNK: Yeah, that's it. Everything will be mine. Nothing will be yours.
UNK: I'm talking about the Barcalounger.
UNK: It doesn't match. Where will it go?
Chandler : In the game room!
UNK: It is not my fault your chairs are incredibly ugly.
UNK: That's fine.
UNK: I won't bring the chairs. I won't bring anything!
UNK: I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at grandma's place!
Joey : Everything on your application looks really good.
Joey : Just one last question.
UNK: Will your friends be over here, partying and hanging out?
UNK: Don't worry. I'm not a party girl.
UNK: Don't just be blurting stuff out.
Joey : I want you to really think about your answers.
Chandler : Call off the roommate search. Hi. I'll be living here.
UNK: Ignore him. He's just some guy who wants the apartment.
UNK: But he's not going to get it.
UNK: You took down the shower curtain?
Joey : That thing was a hazard!
UNK: I'm very safety conscious.
Ross : I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: But listen, Monica and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
UNK: What do you mean, not moving in? They're still moving in, right?
Rachel : No, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
Ross : Over a stupid room?
UNK: I feel kind of bad for them, but now I don't have to move in here!
UNK: Oh, no. Yeah, that part's great.
UNK: What's all this about you guys fighting?
Ross : Is this really over a room?
Ross : That is so silly.
Monica : -We can handle this. -Apparently not.
UNK: And I can't stand by and watch two people I care about so much...
UNK: be hurt by something that is so silly.