House : Admit it.
Wilson : Two hours ago, I found this in your closet
Wilson : in a box with your name on it.
Wilson : I knew you'd move it somewhere outside your apartment
Wilson : until you were certain I'd given up looking.
Wilson : So, I had to convince you that I'd given up looking.
House : It's not a gun.
Wilson : Yes. It's a paperweight
Wilson : with a handy storage compartment
Wilson : for .45-caliber bullets.
House : And that's not a bullet. Admit it.
Wilson : I'm more clever and more devious. You can even have it back.
Wilson : It's not my problem if you go back to prison.
Wilson : My problem is you thinking you're always one step ahead of me.
House : This proves nothing, because it's not a gun.
House : It's a prop.
House : From Dorothy Dietrich's magic act.
House : Look it up.
UNK: She's the only woman ever to do the catch a bullet trick.
House : I won this off her prop master in a poker game.
UNK: House... It's fake.
House : It's plugged.
House : Look for yourself.
Wilson : Hey! Hey! Don't point that thing at me.
House : It's not dangerous because it's not a gun.
UNK: House... House, just stop it.
UNK: Fine.
Wilson : What the hell are you doing?
House : Pull the trigger. Don't be insane.
House : They're blanks.
House : You pull the trigger,
House : I drool a little fake blood, and I spit out the bullet
House : that the audience thinks I caught with my teeth.
House : Go ahead. Shoot me.
Wilson : I'm not shooting you.
Wilson : All right. I'll shoot you.
Wilson : Don't! House, don't!
Wilson : Even if they are blanks, people will freak.
House : It's not real.
House : Which means you didn't prove that I have a gun,
Taub : which means you've proved nothing.
House : Admit it.
House : Admit it.
Wilson : All right.
House : All right' what?
Wilson : You win.
House : And it feels good.
House : You were wrong.
House : Don't feel too bad, we all were.
House : His trachea wasn't swollen, it was blocked.
UNK: By a psuedomembrane growing across it.
UNK: Means he's not paranoid, is an idiot, and was poisoned.
Chase : What are you doing?
House : Give me a Machida scope.
House : Hold his legs, he's not gonna like this.
House : Because you're not gonna be able to breathe.