Taub : I don't think stockpiling weapons is the most reasoned response,
Taub : but given what I've seen at Bloomingdales on Black Friday,
Taub : I wouldn't say it rises to the level of mental illness.
Park : And me?
Taub : Again, given what I've seen at Bloomingdales...
Taub : Don't let House get to you.
Park : It's all of you. I feel like you don't respect me.
Park : Chase certainly didn't try to hide it.
Taub : Chase respects you.
Taub : He's just more comfortable working with me
Taub : because he's known me longer.
Taub : And I'm not just saying that because you own a gun.
Park : I don't own a gun.
Park : I've thought about it, but I'd probably
Park : end up shooting someone in my own family.
Park : Like, when my brother tosses his toenail clippings behind the couch.
Park : What about you?
Taub : If anarchy breaks out
Taub : I plan to do what my ancestors have done throughout the ages, run.
UNK: Foreman walks In : Sounds like a good plan.
UNK: Foreman walks In : You got a moment?
Forman : Stop telling the nurses I'm looking for a girlfriend.
Taub : What makes you... Two lunch offers
Foreman : and a box of cupcakes since this morning.
Taub : So a few people are nice to you and your first thought is,
Taub : "Hmm. This seems strange."
UNK: I haven't even had time to eat my own lunch,
Taub : much less run around trying to recruit nurses for yours.
Taub : So can I get back to work?
Park : You're lying, aren't you?
Taub : It's for his own good.
House : He's not paranoid, he's just stupid.
Wilson : Well, shouldn't you put yourself in that group?
Taub : You own a gun.
House : Our patient doesn't own a gun, he owns an arsenal.
House : And I don't own a gun.
Wilson : Yes, you do. And you're a felon.
Wilson : So. you'll end up back in jail...
House : That is actually not one of the many reasons that I don't own a gun.
House : Why would I need a gun? The only thing I own worth protecting,
House : a thief would need a crane to get out of my apartment.
Wilson : You don't own anything you need.
Wilson : You own things you want.
Wilson : And you're definitely the type who'd want a gun.
Wilson : You like anything dangerous.
Wilson : Monster trucks, motorcycles, fireworks.
House : Everyone loves fireworks.
Wilson : Watching them, not making them.
House : I'm telling the truth.
Wilson : I stand corrected.
House : If you believe me, then this issue will be resolved
House : with no further action necessary.
UNK: Absolutely.
House : It's not resolved, is it?
Wilson : Not even close.
Chase : It's not cocaine. Hair samples were clean.
Adams : It's not looking good for Fahr's either.
Adams : I'm not seeing any calcifications.
UNK: Judge Foley : You sure?
Chase : They can be pretty hard to detect in people under 50.
UNK: See?
UNK: What?
Adams : We all disagree all the time.
Adams : It's not just me and Park.
Chase : Nice try, but I'm not getting in the middle.
Adams : So why didn't you want to go with her this morning?
Chase : She's weird.
Adams : She's not weird. She's a good doctor.
Chase : Most good doctors are weird. Look at House.
Adams : Am I weird?
Chase : Yeah, but you're hot, so it's easier to put up with.
Chase : You're completely normal and a pleasure to deal with.
Adams : You're weird.
Chase : In a good way?
Adams : Maybe we should just concentrate on the medicine.
Chase : You own any guns?
Adams : That's not medicine.
Chase : But it's related to medicine. Kind of.
Park : What do you think?
UNK: Yeah. But not for protection.
Chase : Despite what the media would have us believe,
Chase : you think we live in a very safe world.
Chase : You just think they're fun.
Adams : How did you know?
UNK: Working in a prison, you learned
Chase : criminals rarely target random strangers,
Chase : and you've got more money than you know what to do with,
Chase : so anything that seems different and fun is worth trying.
Tommy : And you?
Chase : Not here in the States. Back home, I keep a few for hunting 'mos.
Adams : You hunt kangaroos?
Adams : But they're so cute.
Chase : They're also delicious.
Adams : You're screwing with me.
UNK: Totally.
Chase : There's no calcification.
Chase : Looks like we're both wrong.
Park : You don't need to stay.
Park : We won't have the results until the morning.
Olivia : It's okay. I'll stay.
Tommy : Go. I'm sure your mother's ready for a break by now.