House : But I need to see down your barrel.
House : Good news is,
House : the poison didn't come from your wife.
House : It came from a little bastard of a bacterium
House : whose crap can cause chest pain,
House : respiratory distress, skin ulcers,
House : the growth of pseudomembrane across the airway,
House : and in very rare cases, hallucinations.
House : Call the CDC. Tell them we need antitoxin as soon as possible.
UNK: Diphtheria?
House : We didn't guess it because nobody gets it.
House : Instead of building bunkers, you should be getting boosters.
UNK: As in the routine vaccines against stuff that is actually scary.
UNK: Diphtheria?
Taub : House pulled it out of nowhere.
UNK: Cool.
Taub : You just getting in?
UNK: I had a meeting about a new parking validation system.
UNK: Cool.
Park : How are you feeling?
Tommy : Not great.
Tommy : But better.
Park : The antitoxin is working. He'll be able to go home in a few days.
Olivia : That's good news.
Olivia : But we've moved out.
Tommy : Oh, come on, honey.
Tommy : I'm sorry I lied, but...
Olivia : I know. Okay...
Olivia : It was for our own good, but I don't care.
Olivia : I don't want to be lied to, and I can't live like that.
UNK: And I can't live in that home.
Tommy : Oh, please, don't.
Tommy : I love you.
Olivia : I love you too,
Olivia : which is why you're not gonna live there either.
Olivia : I don't care if we might need them.
Olivia : I just know that I can't live my life feeling like we do.
Olivia : It's not worth living in fear.
Tommy : Okay. I'm sorry.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Thanks.
Regina : You know, there's a bunch of us going to happy hour after work.
Regina : I'm craving nachos. You interested?
Foreman : Thanks, but I got a lot of work I need to get done.
Regina : Sure. Well, if you change your mind, we'll be at Rudy's.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey.
Chase : - Hey. - Hey.
Park : Would you like to get a drink sometime after work?
Chase : You mean all of us? Or just us?
Park : I was thinking just the two of us.
Chase : Did Taub put you up to this?
UNK: No.
Park : It was just something I'd been thinking about and I figured,
UNK: "What the heck'? Might as well ask."
Chase : Yeah, well, it's probably not a good idea,
Chase : you know, with us working together.
Park : Didn't you marry someone you used to work with?
Chase : Yeah, but...
Chase : All right, sure. When?
UNK: Tonight? Sure.
UNK: Hey, I changed my mind.
UNK: Okay.
Anita : Glad you changed your mind.
UNK: Hey.