Tommy : Give the kids a kiss for me.
Olivia : You think it's the end of the world, but you wanted kids.
Tommy : Oh, honey, come on.
Tommy : I don't think the world's coming to an end.
UNK: Look.
Tommy : You have a spare tire in your car, right?
Tommy : That's what those guns are.
Tommy : I mean, I hope to God I never have to use one.
Tommy : But if we can wake up
UNK: and learn that the entire banking system has gone bankrupt overnight,
Tommy : it just seems stupid not to have a jack in the trunk.
Tommy : Just in case.
Olivia : And you've always...
Park : What's that from?
Tommy : I don't know.
Park : You don't feel that?
UNK: No.
Adams : He also spiked a fever overnight. Could be TB.
UNK: You wanna say it? Say what?
Chase : There's no sign of atelectasis or infiltrates on the chest x-ray.
UNK: Yeah. That's med-speak for, "She's an idiot."
Taub : Systemic sclerosis can cause lower extremity ulcers.
Park : It would have to be pretty far along.
Park : His first symptom was just a few days ago.
Adams : His paranoia started at least a year ago.
UNK: If he's paranoid.
House : So it's either not sclerosis,
House : or it's extremely aggressive sclerosis.
Taub : We should biopsy the skin lesion and start him on enoxaparin.
Park : Shouldn't we wait for the biopsy results before we start treatment?
House : Now's your chance. She's leading with her chin.
Adams : I agree with her.
House : No, you don't.
House : Which means you're both idiots.
House : Get to work.
Park : I know you don't think I'm an idiot.
House : Does it matter?
Park : If you're just looking to amuse yourself at my expense, then no.
Park : But if you feel the need to manipulate me
Park : to make me useful, then yes.
Park : I thought we'd gotten past that.
House : If we hadn't gotten past that, you wouldn't be here.
House : But ability isn't always enough. Just ask Yngwie Malmsteen.
Park : So this is you trying to help me?
House : No, this is me helping me, and amusing myself at your expense.
House : Which brings us back to, why do you care'?
Park : I deserve respect. I'm a good doctor.
House : People respect you.
House : They just don't like you.
Chase : Where's your wife?
Tommy : She just needed some time.
UNK: Not a fan of the guns, I take it.
Tommy : It's not the guns, it's...
Tommy : I shouldn't have lied about it.
Taub : I'm guessing it's a little of both.
Taub : And a little of "Who the hell is this guy?"
Tommy : I'm not a nutcase.
Tommy : I just want to do everything I can to protect my family.
Chase : Don't worry, I'm sure she understands.
UNK: Guy In The Clinic : But I haven't really been out in the cold.
House : And yet your first thought was frostbite?
Guy : Yeah. I guess I was just going by how it looks.
House : It looks absolutely nothing like frostbite.
Guy : You serious?
House : With some difficulty.
Guy : Then what is it?
House : A sign that you need to take a long vacation.
House : At least a month.
Guy : A vacation?
Guy : It's cancer?
House : It's silver.
House : I'm guessing silver nitrate mixed with petroleum jelly
House : that your boss put on the petty cash
House : so he'd know who to have arrested for stealing it.
UNK: Damn.
House : Yeah. Damn.
House : It's diffused into your skin.
House : The only way to get rid of it is to get new skin.
House : I hear that La Crosse, Wisconsin
House : has got the world's largest beer can.
Regina : Here's the per diem schedules.
Foreman : These are supposed to be in a computer file.
Regina : Sorry, since Claudine left, no one's been inputting the numbers.
House : I miss Claudine.
Regina : She left because of you.
House : I thought that was Nadine.
UNK: Regina to Foreman : Her, too.
UNK: Foreman to House : Where are you going? You still have an hour left.
House : Emergency page takes precedence.