UNK: Olivia tommy's Wife : I don't see how that's possible.
UNK: Olivia tommy's Wife : Tommy's the most popular guy in his office.
UNK: Olivia tommy's Wife : He's even had defendants thank him after they were sentenced.
Taub : Why would they thank him?
Olivia : Because he doesn't treat them like scum.
Olivia : He makes them feel like he's helping by offering a plea,
Olivia : or even just by letting them pay their debt and clear their conscience.
Olivia : And even if someone wanted to poison him,
UNK: Olivia tommy's Wife : I don't see how they would do it.
Olivia : He never eats or drinks anything that we haven't made at home.
UNK: Wail, you mean, literally, like, not even a bottle of water?
UNK: No.
Taub : So, he was obviously afraid of something.
UNK: Yeah. Rats, mice, cockroaches.
Tommy : My first job out of law school was at the Health Department.
UNK: If you'd seen some of the kitchens
UNK: and the processing plants I have,
Tommy : you'd cook all your own food, too.
UNK: The poison wouldn't have to be in food.
Chase : Have you gotten any strange letters or packages recently?
UNK: No.
UNK: It also wouldn't have had to be at work.
Tommy : We've got two young kids.
Tommy : There's definitely no poisons
UNK: I could've accidentally been exposed to at home.
Chase : What if it wasn't an accident?
Chase : How are things between you and your wife?
Tommy : Are you asking me if I think my wife is trying to kill me'?
Chase : Yes. I am.
Tommy : Absolutely not.
Tommy : This is coming from a man whose eyes are wide open.
UNK: I've prosecuted hundreds of despicable acts
Tommy : by husbands, wives, parents. I can assure you...
UNK: Olivia talking To Taub, Outside Tommy's Room : I love my husband.
UNK: Olivia talking To Taub, Outside Tommy's Room : And I would not ever, even for a second,
UNK: Olivia talking To Taub, Outside Tommy's Room : consider doing anything to hurt him.
Adams : No pesticides, fertilizers, or fuel in the garage.
Adams : You find anything?
UNK: Park walking Down The Stairs : No. There's not even a bottle of Wite-Out in this place.
Adams : Maybe we should look again.
Park : Maybe we should leave before the police get here.
Adams : Well, even if a neighbor saw us break in and called 911,
Adams : unless they said we were armed, it's low priority.
Adams : We've got another five minutes.
Park : He's a prosecutor. Obviously he knows a lot of cops.
Park : His house is not gonna be a low priority.
Adams : Good point.
UNK: Wait.
Park : The dining room's on the other side of that wall.
Adams : Yeah, so?
Park : But it ends, like, 3 feet further over.
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Adams : A second ago, you wanted to run like hell
Adams : and now you want to look for secret passages?
Park : There's a magnet on the fridge they use
UNK: to open child proofed cabinets. Go get it.
UNK: Hurry HP...
UNK: Here.
Park : Holy crap.
House : Don't tell me.
House : The jealous wife, in the dining room,
House : with bipyridyl herbicide.
House : You obviously found something.
UNK: cut To The Secret Room Park : Yeah. A hidden bunker with enough guns to defend Fort Knox.
Adams : Or break into it.
UNK: Cool.
UNK: That's impossible. You must've broken into the wrong house.
Adams : Then you have creepy neighbors
Adams : because there were photos of you and your kids all over.
Olivia : I don't understand. How could this...
Tommy : I had it put in during the remodel last year.
Olivia : But we went over the plans together.
UNK: It's not on the plans.
Tommy : I didn't want the city to know about it.
Tommy : I'm sorry.
UNK: I should've told you. I just...
Tommy : I didn't want you and the kids to worry.
Olivia : About what?
Olivia : Tommy, what is it? Why would you think you needed so many guns'?
Adams : You're not gonna believe this.
House : He's worried that "Too big to fail"
House : applies to our banks but not our government.
Adams : How'd you know?
UNK: Because it's what every idiot with a bunker
House : full of assault rifles is scared of.
House : Heather Sweeney?