UNK: See, Joe, not that that's not great...
UNK: ...but one cool thing about having a friend perform the ceremony...
Chandler : ...is that it can be about us.
Chandler : It can be more personal. You can tell stories about us.
Joey : Like the time you and I went to Atlantic City...
Joey : ...and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?
UNK: No.
Chandler : Not us.
UNK: Us.
UNK: I got you. Sorry.
Joey : So did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Phoebe : Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
UNK: It doesn't say that.
Phoebe : Suddenly somebody knows all about the side effects.
UNK: Joey, we want you to tell stories, but romantic stories, nice stories.
UNK: Okay! Maybe I'll talk about London, when you hooked up.
UNK: Only I won't say "hooked up"...
UNK: ...I'll say, "began their beautiful journey...
Monica : - There you go. ...by doing it."
UNK: [scene : - Joe. - Okay, all right.
Joey : So how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room...
UNK: ...then you're in the bathtub and she's feeding you strawberries?
UNK: - Isn't that what happened to you? - Yeah!
UNK: I call that "London style."
UNK: That didn't happen with us.
UNK: Maybe you should say it is, because "London style" sounds nice.
Ross : Okay, uh...
UNK: I was sad that night because this guy thought I was Ross' mom.
UNK: And Chandler was really sweet and he consoled me and...
Monica : ...we drank too much. - Yeah, baby.
UNK: I was a gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said good night.
Chandler : - But then, later that night... - Yeah, baby.
UNK: Cute P.J.s. Really living it up here in London, huh?
UNK: Well, I wasn't exactly expecting company after...
UNK: ...9 : 15.
Monica : Is Joey here?
UNK: Last I saw he was with a bridesmaid and a bucket of strawberries.
UNK: You're not still upset about what that guy told you, are you?
UNK: Wouldn't you be?
UNK: It's been a really emotional time and you've had a lot to drink...
UNK: You have to let that go, okay?
Chandler : You were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight.
UNK: Really?
UNK: You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms...
UNK: Whoa, what's going on?
UNK: We just made out.
UNK: - We're making out? - Not anymore.
UNK: - But we don't do that. - I know, I thought it would be fun.
Chandler : How drunk are you?
UNK: Enough to know I want to do this. Not so much that you should feel guilty.
UNK: That's the perfect amount.
UNK: - You know what's weird? - What?
UNK: - This doesn't feel weird. - I know.
UNK: - You're a really good kisser. - Well, I have kissed over four women.
UNK: Want to get under the covers? Okay.