Frank : ...Mrs. Knight.
UNK: - That's my sister. - You know, it's funny.
Alice : Frank told me so much about you, but you're not how I pictured you at all.
UNK: Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
Ross : - Here, you go. - Thank you.
UNK: Here, grab a seat.
UNK: So how did you guys meet?
UNK: Well, I was in Mrs. Knight's...
Frank : I mean, Alice. Sorry, Alice. I always do that.
UNK: - I was in her home-ec class. - He was my best student.
Frank : Yeah. She was my best teacher.
UNK: If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Ross : And so now you guys are gonna be married?
UNK: Yeah. We talked about just living together...
UNK: ...but we want kids right away.
Phoebe : Oh, my God!
UNK: Great!
Phoebe : Kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
Frank : How hard can it be?
UNK: You know, I mean, it's babies. Who doesn't want babies? Right?
Frank : And besides, I never had a dad around.
UNK: And now I always will, because it'll be me.
Frank : - Yeah. - Right?
UNK: Really, we do realize that there's an age difference between us.
UNK: Good. Because you were acting like you didn't.
Alice : Oh, no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : You are falling fast asleep.
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : Deeper, deeper, deeper.
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : You are now completely asleep.
UNK: You don't need to smoke.
UNK: Cigarettes don't control you.
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : You are a strong, confident woman...
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : ...who does not need to smoke.
UNK: Hypnosis Tape : A strong, confident woman.
UNK: You know what?
UNK: I realized in the last year I've only gone out with Richard and Julio.
UNK: You gotta help me out, set me up. Get me back in the game.
UNK: Not a problem.
Rachel : I work in fashion, and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Monica : Can I get you something else?
UNK: Cheesecake and a date, if you're giving them out.
UNK: - Haven't we covered that topic? - You just said to her...
UNK: You wanna go out with me...
UNK: ...because of my wig, boobs, and because I serve you food.
Pete : Well, if that were true, I'd be dating my Aunt Ruth.
Pete : And the two times we went out, it was just plain awkward.
Pete : Come on. You think she should go out with me, don't you?
Rachel : Well, I mean, are you sure you wanna go out with her?
UNK: That ain't a pretty picture in the morning.
Rachel : That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the nightstand.
UNK: - I mean, think about it. - Oh, I will.
Phoebe : No, I know. I know that this is Frank's life. You know.
UNK: I don't wanna be judgmental, but it's sick. It's sick and wrong!
Ross : What, is it the age thing?
UNK: I'm fine with the age thing...
UNK: ...until it sticks its tongue down my little brother's throat.
Joey : Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.