UNK: I mean the one that takes place the morning of November 1st...
UNK: the Annual Post Halloween Walk of Shame Parade.
Marshall : Look at them heading home
Marshall : after their dirty, filthy hookups.
Barney : Looks like that bee got busy.
Ted : Looks like that French maid didn't turn down somebody's bed.
Marshall : Looks like Pocahontas has a couple of wounded knees.
Ted : - Come on. - That's a line.
Marshall : - It's because of the... - We get it.
Barney : Does it get any better than this?
Ted : Yes, it does.
Robin : Crap.
UNK: 6x07 - Canning Randy 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Barney : There she is...
UNK: Florence-Night-In-Bed With-A-Stranger.
Lily : - So, who's the lucky patient? - I don't want to talk about it.
Ted : Please tell me you're not hooking up with one of your co-anchors again.
Robin : - My co-anchor's a woman. - Please tell me you are.
UNK: Robin had always believed
UNK: the key to success was intelligence, hard work and professionalism.
UNK: Her new co-anchor had a different philosophy.
UNK: It's the Farhampton Boat Show!
UNK: Remember 5th, 6th and 7th at the Farhampton Civic Center.
UNK: Come on down.
Robin : You did a commercial?
Becky : Why not?
Robin : You're a journalist! Don't you wanna be taken seriously?
Becky : No. I'm cute.
Robin : Well, if you really think this is going to help your image.
Mike : Boats, boats, boats!
Mike : Robin, a little help here?
Ted : You gotta not worry so much about being liked.
Robin : Easy for you to say. Everybody loves you at your job.
UNK: That was true of my teaching job.
UNK: But I was also designing the new headquarters
UNK: for GNB, and well...
Zoey : We don't like you!
UNK: What do you say to yourself, tearing down a beautiful, old building
Zoey : to put up a stupid bank headquarters?
Ted : Boo...
Ted : freakin'...
Marshall : hoo.
Zoey : Boo freakin' hoo? That's it?
Zoey : The Arcadian is an architecturally significant...
Ted : Architecturally significant?!
Ted : You're very pretty. Your hair smells great.
Zoey : Shampoo. You should try it sometime.
Ted : You don't know the first thing about architecture.
UNK: Key, Ted Mosby's car.
Zoey : Go on.
Ted : I'm a professor, okay?
Ted : I teach this stuff at one of the best colleges in the country.
Ted : I don't go down to your place of non-employment and lecture you
Ted : about how your little protest is a misguided waste of time,
Ted : except, whoops, I just did.
Ted : Ha-burn.
Zoey : - Good, the eggs are here. - Well, I should head up.
UNK: No, GNB was not popular.