Randy : Now am I fired?
Marshall : I've been meaning to clean out that file cabinet for ages.
Barney : I'm not even here.
Barney : Randy, the coffee.
Marshall : I've been meaning to cut back on my caffeine.
Barney : Here, try this, but really go for it.
Barney : Remember, this guy ruined your life.
Marshall : That's just the pick-me-up I needed.
UNK: Speaking of that, can we try the first one again?
Ted : It didn't work. They hate me. How do I get them to like me again?
Ted : You don't. Ted, you're their teacher.
Lily : The only people that like their teachers...
Ted : - I like my teachers. - ... are dorks.
Lily : Except for you, Miles.
Lily : You just have to learn to embrace their hatred.
Lily : Because behind that hatred lies fear.
Lily : And you can use use that fear,
Lily : like I did with Johnny Marley.
UNK: Was there more to that?
Lily : A little bit.
UNK: Tou're a psychopath.
Lily : A little bit.
Lily : A panda!
UNK: I thought about Lily's advice.
UNK: And I figured fear was worth a try.
UNK: What do you want to say to us?
Ted : Anyone not in class tomorrow gets an "F".
Lily : You said that?
Ted : Technically, they'd get an incomplete, but I thought...
Ted : "F" had a nice, scary ring to it.
Lily : - Who'd you sleep with? - I told you, Randy.
Robin : He was a machine.
UNK: Where's the poop?
Robin : Fine. I didn't sleep with anyone.
Robin : The thing is, ever since Becky did that commercial,
Robin : everyone at work loves her.
Robin : The day after Halloween, I was in a commercial.
Ted : What... Why didn't you tell us?
UNK: Bladder trouble, it's embarrassing,
UNK: it's uncomfortable, and it can affect anyone.
Robin : I'm going to the bathroom right now.
UNK: Neat and discreet adult diapers for anyone.
Robin : Say...
Ted : I can't wait to see it.
Robin : Hopefully you never will. They might not even use it.
UNK: It ran for seven years.
Randy : You win.
Randy : Maybe trashing your office was a mistake.
UNK: It's just as long as I can remember,
Randy : making beer has been my dream.
UNK: Wharmpess?
Randy : I know it sounds dumb to someone who's already achieved his dream...
Randy : big-time lawyer at a huge corporation.
Marshall : You think working here is my dream?
Randy : Of course.
Randy : Anyways, I'll clean this stuff up.
Randy : Have someone get that dead squirrel out of your desk.
Marshall : This is delicious.
Marshall : You're fired.
UNK: Kids, the next morning,
UNK: my class had the highest attendance ever.
UNK: And not long after that,
UNK: Randy used his severance money to start a little brewery.
UNK: Now you can have a Wharmpess at every bar in America.
UNK: And all because...
Barney : I care about making dreams come true.
Marshall : You got what you need?
Barney : That's a wrap.