Randy : Marshall Eriksen's office.
Randy : Yeah, I can get that for you. Just a second.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Bank. The B stands for bank.
Randy : Okay, Mother, I'll see you tonight.
Randy : Yikes. I'd better get Mr. Messy a napkin.
Marshall : Period.
Lily : Tell me who you slept with!
Robin : I don't want to get into it.
Lily : It's someone we know.
Lily : If it was some ding dong we didn't know, you'd just give me his name.
Robin : Fine.
Robin : It's Bill Pepper.
Robin : Bill Pepper.
Lily : Kind of a coincidence there happens to be
Lily : a bill and a pepper shaker here on the table.
Lily : Any chance you and Bill had a three-way with Fork Napkin?
Lily : It's someone we know!
Ted : I'm assuming you all read the chapters on the Greek Revival architecture.
Ted : Questions?
Ted : Yes. How do you sleep at night?
Ted : - What are you doing here? - It was recently made clear to me
Zoey : that I don't know the first thing about architecture, so...
Zoey : here I am.
Ted : Very well.
Ted : Let's get started.
Ted : Some examples of Greek Revival architecture...
Zoey : Is The Arcadian Greek Revival?
Student : What's The Arcadian?
Zoey : It's just this beautiful, old building
Zoey : that Professor Mosby wants to tear down.
Randy : What? No.
Student : Professor Mosby loves old buildings.
Student : He wouldn't do that. Right, Ted?
Ted : Getting back to Greek Revival...
Ted : I lost them.
Lily : Look, you're new at teaching.
Lily : In my kindergarten class, I have had plenty of troublesome students.
Lily : Like Johnny Marley...
Lily : He and that little stuffed horsey raised all kinds of hell.
Lily : But I have a simple method for shutting down troublemakers.
Lily : You know that '98 Taurus that's always parked outside?
Lily : The one with the really annoying alarm?
Ted : We're familiar with it.
Lily : When a kid like Johnny acts up in my class...
Lily : Shuts them right up.
Ted : My students are adults, and I treat them that way.
UNK: I'll give them more candy and make them a mix CD. Problem solved.
Lily : Baby, what's wrong?
Marshall : Something bad happened.
Marshall : - Have you seen... - Before that,
Randy : regarding the earlier project I was working on...
Marshall : That's the Hermanson contract?
Marshall : The Hermanson contract?
Randy : Oh, man, this is the Filbert contract.
Randy : Damn it!
Randy : Anyway, what's your thing?
Marshall : I need the Filbert contract!
Randy : I'll do what I can.
Randy : But in my experience, twice shredded is fairly permanent.
Marshall : Sorry, Randy,
Marshall : but this just isn't working out.
Barney : Marshall popped his cherry!
Barney : Come on, Marshall, you have to admit, the guy was a disaster.
Barney : It reflected badly on the company.
Barney : He was an embarrassment.
Barney : A huge embarrassment.
Lily : You slept with Randy!
Ted : What?
Lily : It's elementary, my dear Scherbatson.
UNK: Your co-host is getting super-popular because of her stupid commercial,