UNK: So, when you arrived at the GNB party after we left,
UNK: you were feeling vulnerable
UNK: and drunk.
UNK: Then, from across the not-so-crowded conference room,
UNK: your eyes met.
UNK: And as we all remember...
UNK: Randy has a unique condition.
Robin : Your nose is bleeding like a faucet.
Randy : God, this happens every time I get an erection, I am so sorry.
Ted : That's...
Robin : exactly what happened.
Barney : If getting fired is an execution, at least the guy had a last meal.
Barney : I promise you, tomorrow you'll feel a lot better.
Marshall : What's going on?
Randy : I just wanted to say, no hard feelings.
Randy : Thank you.
UNK: So where are you headed now?
Marshall : Downtown.
Lily : It's okay, baby.
UNK: It wasn't okay. So the next morning...
Marshall : Arthur, I'm here because I made a mistake.
Marshall : I fired Randy yesterday.
Arthur : That was a mistake. You should have fired him a year ago.
Marshall : No, sir,
Marshall : that is what's wrong with this company. How can we say "GNB Cares,"
Marshall : and then turn around and treat someone like that?
Marshall : Sure, he made a few mistakes, but everybody makes mistakes.
Marshall : Like Tugboat here.
Marshall : I bet you he's made some mistakes.
Marshall : And you didn't fire Tugboat, did you?
Arthur : No, I got him fixed, and he calmed down.
Marshall : Exactly... kind of.
Marshall : Randy doesn't need to be fired. He needs to be fixed.
Arthur : We do some pretty bad things around here, but I...
Marshall : Sir, I'm saying instead of getting rid of someone
Marshall : when they screw up, we should... we should help them.
Marshall : We should nurture them.
Arthur : I changed the ice pack on his crotch every hour for three days.
Arthur : If you want to un-fire Randy, I support you,
Arthur : because to come in here and say what you just said,
Arthur : you've got a couple things that Tugboat doesn't.
Ted : Prof Rock is a really good mix, okay?
Student : A piece of New York history is being torn down,
Student : and all you could say was "Boo freakin' hoo"?
Zoey : I may have mentioned our conversation over a session of hacky sack.
Ted : The one day I miss the sack circle, you guys sub her in?
Zoey : Why'd you miss?
Zoey : Too busy tearing down the Statue of Liberty?
Ted : I was returning a hot dog costume that you all enjoyed.
UNK: They were all turning against me,
UNK: so I figured, what the hell.
Lily : - And, did it work? - Like gangbusters. We're buddies again.
Ted : After class, we hacked a little sack
Ted : to the thumpin' strains of my Prof Rock CD.
Ted : And no, none of them had heard the Pixies B-side.
Ted : Actually, none of them had heard of the Pixies.
Ted : Or a B-side.
Barney : I know that smile.
Barney : Lily, there's no easy way to say this.
Barney : Marshall's dead. Randy murdered him.
Lily : I know why Randy is smiling.
Lily : You're smiling because of Robin.
Randy : Like how I think about her when I'm in the shower?
Ted : I'm trying to eat.
Lily : Because you slept with her on Halloween.
Randy : What? No. I went home,
UNK: had a shower, and went to bed.
Lily : - You didn't sleep with her? - No.
Randy : Even in the shower, the farthest we ever get is hugging.
Lily : So why are you smiling?
Randy : I'll tell you why.
Marshall : This just isn't working out.
UNK: I'm fired. Great.
UNK: This is the candle kiosk at the mall all over again.
UNK: Wait a minute.
UNK: I can get a severance check.
UNK: If I don't shred it,
UNK: I can use that money to start my own brewery.
UNK: Imagine a beer with my name on it.
UNK: Randy Wharmpess, this is the best day of your life.
Randy : Thanks to that severance check, this time next year,
Randy : you'll all be enjoying a frothy mug of Wharmpess.
Marshall : Randy, great news!
Marshall : You're not fired!
Ted : Good morning, everybody...
Ted : Where's my class?
Zoey : Ha-boom.
Marshall : I got you your job back, Randy.
UNK: You'd be happy?
Randy : But I don't belong here.
Randy : I'm born to be a brewer! A hopsmeister!
Marshall : Then quit. No one's stopping you.
Randy : I can't. I need my severance check.