Narrator : Kids, back when we were younger,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Your uncle marshall and I were really into college basketball.
UNK: Every year, March madness would take over the entire apartment.
UNK: Hey. What's with the blackboard?
Ted : It's our ncaa bracket.
Marshall : Big board equals big luck!
Lily : Hey, that looks familiar.
Lily : Where did you get it?
Marshall : Hello.
Marshall : Uh, I'm looking for my wife, ms. Aldrin.
Cleaner : There's no school today. It's Saturday.
Marshall : Of course. How could I forget?
Cleaner : Dumb ass.
UNK: ♪
Ted : Big board!
Marshall : Big luck!
Marshall : We found it. No big deal.
Marshall : Anyway,
Marshall : Every year, ted and I go in together
Marshall : On this big money pool out in staten island.
Ted : Yeah. The winner gets
Ted : $100,000 stuffed in a duffel bag.
Marshall : And you get to keep the duffel bag.
Lily : Why do you guys put yourselves through this?
Lily : You lose every year.
Ted : That's because
Ted : In the past, we were just guessing.
Ted : This year, we watched every game,
Ted : Read box scores, tracked injuries.
Ted : This isn't March madness.
Ted : This is March meticulously thought-outness.
Barney : Your team lost 20 minutes ago.
Ted : I didn't know they were playing today.
Lily : You okay, barney?
Barney : Something strange is going on.
Barney : I was down at the hardware store,
Barney : Trying to get a little somethin' somethin'.
Robin : Wait. You go to the hardware store
Robin : To pick up girls?
Barney : There are four kinds of women
Barney : Who go to the hardware store by themselves.
Robin : Of course there are.
Barney : Single, recently single, recently divorced,
Barney : Lesbian who will let me watch.
Lily : You could not be more evil.
Barney : Sorry. Five.
UNK: Recently widowed. Mm.
Barney : So, I'm talking to this girl...
Barney : Look, I'm sure he's in a better place.
Barney : Now let's find you a sturdier ladder.
Barney : I was only gone for a second when...
Barney : See? Skid-proof.
Barney : The same thing happened at the pet store yesterday.
Marshall : Pet store?
Ted : Single girl, mid-twenties,
Ted : Looking for a canine replacement
Ted : For the boyfriend who just dumped her.
Ted : Instead, finds barney.
Barney : God bless you, ted.
Barney : You're reading my blog.
Ted : I'm really bored at work.
Barney : I'd call your ex a dog,
Barney : But that would be an insult to little ladybug here.
Woman : Oh, I want to take her home right now.
Barney : Not without a chew toy from uncle barney first.
Lily : Okay.
Barney : And when I got back...
UNK: I'm sorry, I'm already spoiling her,
UNK: But diamond in the ruff?
Barney : Could your heart just melt?
UNK: Woman, slapping him : Jerk!
Lily : Okay.
Barney : Weird, right?
Barney : Yeah. The same thing happened last week at the museum.
All : Ooh, ooh, ooh! Lily.
Lily : You pretend to be a struggling young artist
Lily : Who needs a new muse.
UNK: No. Marshall : Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Marshall : Casing the joint for a thrill
Marshall : Money can no longer give you!
Barney : Oh. No.
Barney : Robin.
Robin : You're going blind,
Robin : And you're trying to soak up all the beauty
Robin : In the world before the darkness descends.
Barney : Bingo!
Barney : So, I was talking to this girl.
Barney : At this point, about 83%.
Barney : Soon, these audio guides will be all that I have left.
Woman : I'm so sorry.
Barney : My god, you are beautiful.
UNK: Oh. Hey.
Barney : How about I get you a headset
Barney : So you can see with your ears like I do?
Marshall : Uh...
UNK: Aah!
Barney : I'm s...
UNK: Aah! I...
Barney : I couldn't have been gone more than 20 seconds,
Barney : But when I came back...
UNK: Hmm. You know, I also love the smell of great art.