Barney : Why does this keep happening?
Lily : Maybe you're not as good a liar as you think you are.
Barney : Hmm.
Barney : Oh, really?
Barney : Then why am I not in prison for perjury?
Barney : But I don't want to talk about work.
Barney : Something
Barney : Weird is going on here.
Narrator : But the next night got even weirder.
Barney : Alan alda.
Barney : It was alan alda.
Lily : You never gonna believe what just happened.
Barney : Who was that, um, guy from mash?
Barney : The main guy. What...?
Barney : Hawkeye from mash.
Barney : How can I be blanking on this?
Lily : Alan alda?
Cleaner : No.
Woman : Hey, a word of advice?
UNK: Mystery woman : That guy you were talking to, barney stinson...
UNK: Mystery woman : I know he seems charming,
UNK: Mystery woman : But he's just saying whatever it takes
UNK: Mystery woman : To get in your pants.
UNK: Mystery woman : Sleeping with barney was the biggest mistake of my life.
Barney : Oh, my god. Where is she?
Woman : Oh.
Lily : She must have left. She...
Barney : Well, she-she said I hooked up with her?
Barney : What was her name? What did she look like?
Lily : She didn't say her name, but she had blonde hair, boobs.
Lily : Kind of trashy.
Barney : Dead in the eyes with an aura of self-loathing and despair?
UNK: Yes! That's all of them.
Barney : Okay. Stay calm.
Barney : Let's think this through.
Barney : One of the girls
Barney : Who I lied to, seduced and abandoned
Barney : Is trying to ruin my life.
Barney : Shouldn't be too hard to figure out which one it is.
Barney : Oh, dear god!
UNK: This is a nightmare.
Barney : Some woman that I slept with
Barney : And screwed over is trying to ruin my life.
Barney : God, why is this happening to me?
Lily : It's karma.
Barney : Nah, it's not karma.
Barney : She's stripping in vegas.
Barney : Plus, we're good.
Ted : Look, if you want to figure out
Ted : Who it is, why don't you just start by checking your list?
Barney : My list?
Barney : Dude, do not pretend you're not the kind of guy
Barney : Who keeps a list of all the girls he's slept with.
Marshall : I have one.
Marshall : It's called my marriage license.
Ted : Come on, let's see the list.
Barney : Ted, don't be crass.
Barney : I would never
Barney : Demean the women
Barney : That I've slept with by putting their names
Barney : On some tawdry list.
Barney : This is a scrapbook
Barney : Of all of the women I've slept with.
Barney : I made it at the scrapbook barn on 7th.
Barney : Ask for heloise. Tell her I sent you.
Barney : What do you think, lil?
Barney : You recognize the saboteur?
Lily : I don't know, barney.
Lily : I only saw her face.
Ted : How many
Ted : Of these girls know they're being photographed?
Barney : All of them, but only about half buy a copy on the way out.
Lily : Oh, barney, you're never gonna figure out
Lily : Which one of these is the mystery woman.
Lily : All of these women have a right to hate you.
Robin : Oh, lily, come on, lighten up.
Robin : I mean, any girl who's gonna be with a guy like barney
Robin : And do this or that,
Robin : Or this and that,
Robin : Or do this with those in that...
UNK: Hmm. I mean, she should have known what she was getting into.
UNK: Absolutely. Mm.
Barney : And what I do with these women
Barney : Should be between me and them.
Barney : And you guys.
Barney : And heloise.
Barney : She helped me do the decoupage. Hmm.
Lily : I don't know, barney.
Lily : I don't recognize any of these women.
Lily : I mean, some minor celebrities, one government official,
Lily : And what appears to be a national fast food chain mascot.
Woman : Oh.
Barney : This is impossible.
Barney : There's too many girls.
Barney : How the hell am I gonna narrow this down?
Barney : The top 64 women I've slept with,
Barney : Split into four regions.
Barney : This tournament
Barney : Will systematically narrow down
Barney : Which girl has the most cause to hate my guts.
Barney : Last girl standing has to be the saboteur.
Lily : Absolutely not, barney.
Lily : We are not going to make a game
Lily : Out of the women you've tricked into sleeping with you.
Lily : No way!
Lily : The girl who thought he had 12 hours to live
Lily : Has way more cause to ruin his life
Lily : Than the girl he fake proposed to.
Robin : It's fake proposal girl.
Robin : I mean, she hired a wedding planner!
Ted : It's 12 hours to live! That girl flew them both to paris!
Robin : Oh, she only bought him a one-way ticket!
Barney : Okay, okay, everybody! Hands.
UNK: Marshall, ted & lily : 12 hours to live!
UNK: Damn it! Yeah.
Barney : Okay, toss up.