Lily : And she's holding hot coffee.
Lily : Maybe she'll throw it in your face.
Barney : You're really enjoying this, aren't you?
Lily : I'm making a scrapbook.
Barney : Anna, hi.
Anna : Look who it is.
Anna : Mr. Big shot architect.
Anna : If you're here to ask me
Anna : To take down the web site, forget it.
Barney : What web site?
Anna : Ted-mosby-is-a-jerk-dot-com.
Barney : You're right, I do deserve that.
Barney : That's all I came here to say.
Barney : You know what?
Barney : I don't care who knows about it.
Barney : Excuse me. Excuse me.
Barney : I, ted mosby,
Barney : Am a jerk to women.
Barney : Tell your sisters. Tell your daughters
Barney : To stay away!
Anna : Ted-mosby-is-a-jerk-dot-com.
Narrator : And that little web site went on to get 400,000 hits.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Thanks, barney.
Lily : Okay, which one is this again? She's...
Kate : Larney!
UNK: Why?!
Barney : Is it her?
UNK: Die! Smile.
Barney : You look good.
Barney : Have you lost weight?
Barney : We're down to the number one seed.
Barney : I knew it was holly.
Barney : It had to be holly.
Barney : Man, I was hoping it wasn't holly.
Holly : Barney, did you hear that?
Holly : Somebody's stealing my truck.
Lily : Barney?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Barney!
UNK: That was the worst thing you've ever done.
Lily : That is the worst thing anyone has ever done.
Barney : But in my defense,
Barney : She was kind of annoying.
Lily : She's gonna kill you.
UNK: Barney. Holly.
Holly : Mark, come over here.
UNK: Barney, this is my fiancé, mark.
Lily : Barney?
Mark : You're the barney who ditched her in the woods?
Lily : So you're not mad at barney?
Lily : Don't you want an apology?
Lily : An admission of guilt?
Lily : Your truck back?
Holly : No, whatever happened was in the past.
Holly : Mark is my present and my future.
Mark : And if you ditching holly in the woods
Mark : Made her stop running around with guys like you,
Mark : Then cheers.
Barney : Well, then,
Barney : To the last fourth of July weekend
Barney : I'll spend getting eaten alive by mosquitoes.
Mark : Fourth of July?
Mark : We started dating in June.
Lily : We ruined their lives.
Lily : And the worst part of it
Lily : Is that you didn't apologize to any of those women.
Barney : No, the worst part is that
Barney : We still have no idea who my stalker is.
Robin : Well, that's because you're going about this all wrong.
Robin : I mean, why chase someone who's following you?
Robin : All you need to do
Robin : Is go down to the bar, hit on someone,
Robin : And wait until she turns up.
Barney : That's not a bad idea.
UNK: Ooh, ooh, I'll pretend to be the girl that you're hitting on.
Lily : I don't know. That's a lot riding on a girl
Ted : Who giggles when she lies.
Robin : I do not.