Ted : Have you ever fallen asleep while eating ribs?
Cleaner : No.
Robin : Look, I can do this, okay?
Robin : I mean, how else are you going to find out
Robin : Who this girl is.
Barney : I'm in.
Robin : Okay, here's how it's gonna work.
Robin : Now, lily,
Robin : She knows what you look like,
Robin : So just hang out at the jukebox,
Robin : And don't draw any attention to yourself.
Robin : And the guys will be in the booth,
Robin : Just pretending to have a normal conversation.
Barney : Talking, we should be talking. Words.
Barney : Here are words.
Barney : Why is this so hard?
Barney : Laughter!
Robin : And then I'll come in,
Robin : Looking hot as all hell.
Man : Wow, you are gorgeous.
Man : Oh, god, I know that's awful.
Robin : I just, uh... Shh, go away.
Robin : But come back later.
Robin : And then barney will make his move.
Barney : Hey, there, how are you doing?
Robin : Fine, barney.
Robin : I mean, um,
Robin : Fine, stranger.
Barney : Wow, you really are awful at this, aren't you?
Robin : Get your hand
Robin : Off my thigh, barney.
Barney : It's supposed to look like
Barney : We're about to hook up, robin.
Robin : You know, I'm curious.
Robin : What do you say to these girls
Robin : To get them to come home with you?
Barney : Usually, I just
Barney : Lean in and whisper this one thing in their ear.
Barney : You're a little turned on right now, aren't you?
Cleaner : No.
Robin : Oh. Look, somebody's watching us.
Robin : Make your move to the bathroom.
Barney : Uh, I'm going to go to the bathroom now,
Barney : But, uh, when I come back we'll go to my place
UNK: And have sex.
Ted : Dude, dude, dude, look.
Ted : Blonde girl heading over to robin right now. We are go.
Lily : I don't know what to do with my hands.
Marshall : What do I normally do with my hands?
Lily : Barney.
Marshall : I brought a copy of the bracket.
Marshall : Which one is she?
Barney : I don't recognize her.
Barney : She's not on the top 64.
Marshall : Not even on bracket.
UNK: Wow, cinderella story
Marshall : Comes out of nowhere to win the whole thing.
Marshall : That'll warm your heart.
Ted : Are you okay?
Barney : I don't even recognize her.
Robin : Hey.
Barney : I don't remember you.
Barney : I've spent the last two days trying to remember
Barney : Every girl that I've slept with and all the horrible things
Barney : That I have done to them.
Barney : And I have done some horrible things.
Robin : I mean,
Barney : At one point, I'm pretty sure I sold a woman.
Barney : I didn't speak the language,
Barney : But I shook a guy's hand, he gave me
Barney : The keys to a mercedes, and I left her there.
Barney : I'm the guy who keeps a scrapbook
Barney : Of all of the women I have slept with,
Barney : But I never thought I was the guy
Barney : Who would sleep with a girl and not even remember her.
Barney : So from the bottom of my heart,
Barney : For whatever I did to you,
Barney : I apologize.
Lily : Oh, barney!
Lily : Oh, I'm so proud of you.
Lily : That's not her.
UNK: I'm so sorry. What? What?
Robin : Barney, I'm sorry, that's my friend sally from work.
Robin : We just ran into each other.
Barney : So I apologized for nothing?
Lily : Yes, but it was a great apology.
Lily : And a perfect way to end my scrapbook.
Lily : I'm going to call this photo "barney's redemption."
Lily : Could you stop giving me the finger?
UNK: ♪ One shining moment
UNK: ♪ you reached for the sky
UNK: ♪ one shining moment you knew
UNK: ♪ one shining moment
UNK: ♪ you were willing to try
UNK: ♪ one shining moment
Narrator : Eventually, barney did figure out
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Who the mysterious girl was.
UNK: But more on that later.
Woman : Barney, come back to bed.
Woman : You have a shuttle launch tomorrow.
Woman : And that asteroid that's headed for manhattan,
UNK: It's not going to destroy itself.