House : You tell them they're not losing their boyish good looks
UNK: or becoming worn out and...
Wilson : I stand corrected. And may I say it's been a real pleasure chatting with you.
UNK: Axilla is clean. Surgical margins look clear.
Wilson : No lymphadenopathy, no masses, no nothing. It's not cancer.
House : We need a new theory.
Thirteen : You catch her lying?
House : Not yet.
UNK: Wouldn't no have been a shorter answer?
House : Wouldn't you not talking have made this a shorter conversation?
House : Kid says Mom's a slut.
Kutner : She called her mom a slut?
House : No. I called her mom a slut.
UNK: She jumps anything with a pole and a pulse.
House : Not that I'm judging, here. Given her medical history, I'm actually impressed.
Thirteen : Maggie already admitted to having multiple sexual partners.
Thirteen : Which is why we already tested for, and ruled out,
UNK: syphilis and any other STD that could have caused her symptoms.
House : STDs aren't the only risk in risky sex.
UNK: The problem in sleeping with strangers is, they're strange.
Kutner : We'll follow up with any recent partners.
House : Send Foreman and Taub. They're better liars.
House : More likely to get to the truth.
UNK: You think I drugged her? Use a coaster.
Foreman : We're not cops. Legally, we don't care one way or another.
Taub : But we need to know the truth so we can help her.
Roger : I'd known her for less than an hour and she offered to take me home.
Roger : There was no need to drug her.
Roger : Not that I would.
Roger : She's gonna be okay, right?
Taub : As long as she doesn't have to pick up or hold anything, yeah.
Roger : Sorry. I just had the floors done. Reclaimed pine.
Taub : You always this thirsty?
Roger : I don't know.
Roger : Water's supposed to be good for you, right?
Taub : Dehydration, anxiety, aggression.
Roger : I'm not aggressive.
Foreman : Spastic chorea in his right hand.
Roger : What about my hand? How much do you weigh?
UNK: About 180, 190? 180. What is this?
UNK: If you took what she did, it could take longer to hit you.
UNK: It might affect you differently.
Taub : But you didn't give her anything, right?
Roger : She was really drunk.
Roger : I just gave her some E to help enhance things.
Foreman : Have any of it left?
Roger : Is my hand gonna be okay?
Taub : There's nothing wrong with it.
Taub : We lied.
Melanie : I've had a sore throat for a few days now.
Melanie : My stomach's also been bothering me.
Melanie : I think my glands are swollen.
House : Saint Nicholas?
Melanie : Patron saint of children.
House : Also seamen, merchants, archers, prostitutes and prisoners.
UNK: Mmm. He must have been pretty hard working.
House : Or just a credit hog.
House : Open wide.
UNK: Say, "Ah. " Ah.
UNK: You have strep.
Melanie : Is it contagious?
House : Only for the next 24 hours, as long as you take the antibiotics.
Melanie : How contagious?
House : Take a personal day.
Jane : I can't.
House : I'll write your pimp a note.
Melanie : My pimp?
UNK: You get tested for AIDS every three months.
House : And your necklace.
Melanie : Prostitutes wear religious symbols?
House : I think they just like kneeling.
House : You don't have the skin of a seaman, the fingers of an archer,
House : the clothes of a merchant or the attitude of an ex-con.
UNK: So, that just leaves one left.
Melanie : Mmm, two, actually.
Melanie : But I'm not a child, am I?
Cuddy : You owe me 50 bucks.
UNK: Then you owe me half a lap dance.
Cuddy : It's for the nurses' holiday bonus. I know you got the memo.
UNK: I got the memo last year. I want to hire 40 more fellows.
Cuddy : You already fired the ones you hired?
House : They work better when they're scared.
Taub : You were right. Guy slipped her Ecstasy.
UNK: He have any symptoms? No.
Taub : Kutner's starting the patient on hemodialysis,
Taub : and Thirteen's in the lab trying to figure out what the guy put in the drugs.