UNK: The swollen lymph nodes were cutting off Maggie's airway.
UNK: We shrunk them with alcohol and she's breathing on her own now.
House : Well, that sucks.
UNK: Four thousand, three hundred saved emails
House : and not a single mention of "lesbionic," "Sanchez," or "mangina. "
House : Swollen lymph nodes means it wasn't psychological.
Kutner : Who's that from?
UNK: Santa, obviously. As you know, I worship him.
UNK: Oh, wait. I meant Satan. I always get them confused.
UNK: What is an "alpine butterfly"? And why is she learning how to do one?
Foreman : House, we already have a full history. You don't need to waste time...
House : It's just a climbing knot. But what does she use it for?
UNK: Try "bondage. " I did once.
UNK: But she just tied me down and whined about how hard it is to be Dean of Medicine.
Kutner : Gyms aren't exactly pristine. Could be a fungal infection. Seriously, who's it from?
Foreman : No fever. No elevated white count.
House : That's funny. Friend sent her a Garfield cartoon.
House : That cat sure does love lasagna.
UNK: House, stop obsessing.
UNK: If it weren't for my obsessions, we wouldn't know that she has sarcoidosis.
House : Eighteen months ago, she sold her Stairmaster.
House : It was only two months old.
House : Now, either she needed the cash, or climbing stairs was getting more difficult.
House : Twelve months ago, she canceled a hiking trip.
UNK: Now, either she just wanted to sit home and watch TV,
House : or walking was getting more difficult.
House : She's been suffering joint pain for the last two years.
UNK: Pull my ribbon. If you know what I mean.
Thirteen : ACE levels are too low for sarcoidosis.
House : That's not what I meant.
House : Could just be an inactive phase.
Kutner : It's not Christmas yet.
House : I remembered. I'm not a Satanist. I'm a Druid.
UNK: No lung involvement. Yet.
Taub : We'll need a bronchoalveolar lavage to confirm it.
UNK: That's a shame. I was gonna surprise her with one for Christmas.
UNK: Wow!
House : Now, either that cost more than 25 bucks,
House : or I'm seriously starting to doubt Steve Jobs' business strategies.
UNK: Thanks!
Thirteen : Last round of saline, Maggie. One more big breath.
UNK: You've got to get the liquid to go all the way into your lungs, okay?
Thirteen : Here we go.
UNK: The gift could be from a patient.
Taub : Who sent it to the wrong doctor?
Thirteen : House obviously gave the present to himself.
House : They're arguing right now.
Wilson : I've been looking for this all morning.
House : Did you look in the box on my desk?
House : Oh, by the way, your mom called. Your dad's dead.
Wilson : You left the present sitting on your desk?
House : It wouldn't have been as effective sitting in a closet in my home.
UNK: They're gonna know it's from you. No.
House : They're gonna guess that it was from me.
UNK: They might even be 90% sure that it was from me.
House : But all that means is they're 10% percent sure
House : that one of the other guys is screwing them over.
Wilson : Have you ever considered channeling your powers to,
Wilson : I don't know, bring peace to the Mid-east?
House : I couldn't do that.
Wilson : But if they ever got it, you could screw it up.
House : Yeah. That's more where my powers lie.
UNK: The gift could be from Wilson. It's House.
Kutner : Why do you have a problem with him speculating?
Thirteen : Because that's what House wants us to do.
Taub : Lungs are pristine. No infiltrates or alveolar hemorrhage.
Kutner : Maggie, I'm gonna remove the scope. I need you to cough for me, okay?