UNK: There are so many ways that could have happened.
Taub : Maybe it was inactive, maybe it didn't fully circulate...
Kutner : It circulated. The camera picked up.
House : Hey, hey. It's Christmas. Why are you guys fighting?
UNK: Why do you think there are no hot spots?
Kutner : I did not screw up. The density is consistent.
Foreman : Just means the density was consistent. Doesn't mean it was cold.
UNK: It's possible all she has are hot spots.
Foreman : It's consistent because her entire skeleton is turning to stone.
House : Good for an aspiring superhero.
House : Fatal for a human hoping to make it to Kwanzaa.
UNK: It's got to be from a carbonic anhydrase type 2 deficiency.
House : It has free will.
House : It doesn't have to be anything it doesn't want to be.
UNK: I meant if it's not CA-2, well,
Kutner : none of the other causes of osteopetrosis are treatable.
UNK: You're right. It's got to be.
House : Go run her blood and hope that your sunny optimism isn't misplaced.
House : They accused Kutner of screwing up a test because they hate him.
Wilson : You're surprised?
Wilson : That's the sort of crap that happens
Wilson : when you mess with people's heads.
House : One day, he will screw up a test.
UNK: And if they don't accuse him of that because they like him, someone could die.
House : Where are we going?
Wilson : Nowhere. I just know it hurts you.
UNK: CA-2 deficiency's a genetic disorder that scrambles proteins.
Taub : If the blood test is positive, you'll need a bone marrow transplant.
Maggie : "Transplant" sounds like a euphemism for "slim odds. "
Taub : Slim but not none.
Taub : We're gonna need to test Jane for a match.
Maggie : Don't you have donor banks?
Taub : Jane is your best bet.
UNK: The procedure is perfectly safe. There's no risk.
Taub : No risk?
UNK: Any surgery has... Then, don't tell me there's no risk.
UNK: You're gonna tell me there's no pain, either?
Taub : The testing will hurt a little.
Jane : I'll be fine.
Taub : If she doesn't do this and you don't make it,
UNK: she's gonna spend the rest of her life blaming herself.
Jane : Mom, please.
Maggie : Find someone else.
Maggie : Let someone else take the risk.
Taub : Donor bank turned up a 49-year-old man in Cleveland
Taub : who's a five out of six HLA match.
Taub : First flight out of Cleveland leaves at...
UNK: Why is a 49-year-old Cleveland man a closer match than her daughter?
Taub : He may not be. Maggie didn't let us test her.
House : Why not?
Taub : Pain, danger, risk of...
Thouse : Only reason to give multiple reasons
Thouse : is you're searching for what the person wants to hear.
UNK: House.
House : You're wrong about sainted Mommy.
Thirteen : Don't care. You can forget the donor bank. There's no CA-2 deficiency.
Thirteen : Best we can do is make her comfortable.
Thirteen : Is that from Taub?
UNK: Yes.
House : Yes, it is.
Kutner : Merry Christmas.
UNK: Who's gonna tell the patient she's dying?
House : I will.
House : And nobody leaves here until we find out what killed her.
Kutner : Whatever she has is fatal.
Kutner : Makes no difference if it's disease number 58 or 907.
UNK: Are you guys mad at me?
UNK: No. You had no choice.
Kutner : Of course I had a choice. You had no choice once I made my choice.
Thirteen : And now, I'm choosing not to be mad at you.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because it will drive House nuts.
UNK: Do you think that will make your lives better or worse?
Jane : I told my mom I don't care what she thinks.
Jane : I want you to test my marrow.
Maggie : I can't be dying.
House : Sure you can.
Jane : You're wrong.
Maggie : You don't even know what I have.
House : What you have is one last Christmas with your daughter.
House : One last chance to give her a present.
House : The truth.