Taub : She's been to an ortho, two neuros and an immunologist.
Taub : None of the treatments have had any effect.
UNK: You think it's over? It's getting worse.
Thirteen : Last neurologist found intermittent numbness in both arms
Thirteen : as well as the hand paralysis.
Kutner : I meant the game. You think he's gonna keep all four of us?
UNK: He said he would. No sign of upper motor neuron involvement.
Kutner : He lies.
House : My ears are burning.
Foreman : Tell him you're done firing people.
House : Well, if I lie, that would be little reassurance.
House : Dr. Kutner, who told you that it would be a good idea
House : to put up superficial representations of a hypocritical season
House : celebrating a mythical figure?
UNK: It wasn't me.
House : He lied.
UNK: Homey knows better, Hymie doesn't care,
House : and Huntington's would have done a better job.
Thirteen : I don't have Huntington's.
UNK: That you know of. Why would you...
House : Because I got sued when I called you "honey buns. "
Kutner : Am I fired if I put up...
Thirteen : The point of the game was to scare us.
Thirteen : Telling us it's over isn't scary.
Thirteen : Therefore, he has no reason to say that unless it's true.
Kutner : Good. Then, can we do a Secret Santa?
UNK: I liked you better 15 seconds ago when you were afraid for your job.
House : So, who's sick?
UNK: 35-year-old single mom.
Taub : It's an odd presentation of paralysis.
UNK: Is there any history of drug use? No.
House : She says there's no history.
Thirteen : She's not a liar.
House : Okay. This is gonna be a tough case.
House : I have almost no knowledge of alien physiology.
Thirteen : Everyone lies. But there's an exception to every rule.
House : Actually, there isn't. That's kind of what makes it a rule.
Thirteen : The patient's mother died of breast cancer when she was seven.
Thirteen : She never even knew her mom was sick.
Thirteen : She promised herself she would never hide anything from her own daughter.
House : Oh. I didn't know she'd promised.
Taub : And we're not her daughter.
UNK: The patient inherited the BRCA1 mutation from her mom.
UNK: She had a prophylactic double mastectomy 10 years ago.
UNK: She lied about it. She told her co-workers. She told her kid.
House : She lied to the world.
House : Reconstructive surgery is designed to convince people that...
Taub : She didn't get reconstructive surgery.
Kutner : Okay. We can rule out breast cancer.
UNK: Actually, I was gonna rule it in. Paralysis could be paraneoplastic.
Taub : Even the best surgeon can't remove every cell of breast tissue.
House : MRI what's left of her chest. Set the machine to scan for irony.
UNK: I'm gonna go re-do the patient history.
UNK: Your mom tell you about all the drugs she does?
Jane : She smokes pot once in a while, but not in a long time.