Jane : Your boss is weird.
Taub : Yeah, he is.
Taub : He thought he'd get information you may not have been telling us by...
Maggie : Being a jerk?
Taub : You'd be surprised how often it works.
Foreman : Choroidal flush looks good.
Jane : Why would people lie to a doctor?
Foreman : Dozens of reasons to lie. Only one reason to tell the truth.
Taub : You're never even tempted?
Taub : I mean, lies do sometimes smooth things out, make life easier.
Maggie : Yeah? Your life easy?
Foreman : Not even close.
Foreman : Dye's reached the retinal capillary bed. No leakage.
Jane : That's good, right?
Taub : It means it's not a vascular problem.
UNK: But? A vascular problem we could fix.
Jane : They look worried now, Mom.
Wilson : What's with the Secret Santa?
Wilson : You trying to bring them together?
House : Want to drive them apart.
Wilson : With gift giving?
House : Conflict's built right into the name.
House : Santa's about sharing. Secret's about withholding.
Wilson : Aside from the Trojan horse, gifts don't usually...
House : What did you get your wife for your final anniversary?
UNK: Uh, a sweater. She hated it.
Wilson : She loved it.
House : Then you didn't buy it.
Wilson : I gave her some cash and...
House : Gifts allow us to demonstrate exactly how little we know about a person.
House : And nothing pisses off a person more
House : than being shoved in the wrong pigeonhole.
UNK: Nice.
Kutner : I'm thinking of spending a few extra bucks on my Secret Santa.
Thirteen : Bad idea.
Thirteen : You mind if I tell House you asked them for the key instead of breaking in?
Kutner : Yes. I do. Just another 5 bucks. 5 will be 10.
Thirteen : The key's proof she doesn't have anything to hide.
Kutner : The key is proof I didn't do exactly what House told me to do.
UNK: And what do you care if it's another 15?
UNK: I'm gonna tell him. Who are you so anxious to please?
Kutner : Not you.
UNK: You really think you're gonna prove people are capable of honesty
Kutner : using a mother and daughter you've known for one day?
Thirteen : I'm not the one who's based his entire worldview on the proposition.
Thirteen : If I'm wrong, so what? If he's wrong...
UNK: So, you've got Huntington's? Nope.
Kutner : But House said that...
Thirteen : If I wanted to talk about it, why didn't I bring it up?
Taub : Fluorescein angiogram was clear. No leaks. No lesions.
Taub : Definitely not a vascular problem.
House : Someone get their birthdays out of the file.
Thirteen : Have you tried leaving it blank?
Thirteen : Tough to get into the head of someone who actually trusts people, huh?
Thirteen : Found both computers in an office on a desk they share.
Taub : No sign of macular degeneration or optic neuritis.
Taub : Her eyes are completely normal.
Foreman : Except she can't see out of them.
House : So she says.
UNK: You find anything on the MRI?
Foreman : No sign of plaques. It's not MS.
Taub : We haven't found anything abnormal on any tests.
Kutner : Except she can't see or move her hands.
House : So she says.
Thirteen : You can't lie about flaccid paralysis.
UNK: Maybe she's not lying. Her brain is.
Foreman : What if it's a conversion disorder?
House : Lacks personal boundaries.
House : Promiscuous. Inappropriate obsession with truth telling.
House : Certainly sounds like a psych case.
Kutner : Cool. I'll set up a psych consult and start her on anti-depressants.
UNK: No.
House : Her mind is tricking her body.
House : We need to trick her mind.
House : Or even better...
UNK: You don't need her. I know.
Thirteen : Then this serves no medical purpose.
House : You have a genetic defect, choose to ignore it.
House : This woman has a genetic defect,
House : chooses to butcher herself to be safe.
House : Yet, what you claim to be fascinated by is her honesty.
UNK: Interesting.
Thirteen : You claim to want the truth.
Thirteen : And then you screw with people who actually live by it. Pathetic.
House : Hey, I gave you credit for interesting.
House : You're protecting her because you're jealous she did what you couldn't.
House : I need you.
Thirteen : I'm not lying to her.
House : Fine. Keep your mouth shut. I still need you.
UNK: If it doesn't work, you've got to hold the kid down