House : until someone else finishes lying to Mom.
House : That does actually serve a medical purpose.
UNK: Jane.
Jane : I have to lie because she trusts me?
House : If you show doubt, the placebo treatment won't work.
Jane : If it's just depression, that's good news, right?
UNK: There are a lot of great medications.
Jane : Why can't we just give her those? Why do we have to lie to her?
House : Because we might be wrong.
House : Those medications take a long time to work, and since your mom's condition's declining,
House : there's a chance the drugs won't tell us anything until it's too late.
Jane : My mom's not depressed.
House : Maybe she's hiding it from you.
UNK: No.
Jane : She wouldn't.
UNK: She's doing what every good mom does.
House : Protecting her child from bad news that she can't do anything about.
Jane : My mom's never lied to me.
UNK: If you don't know how to lie,
House : you don't know how to tell when you're being lied to.
Jane : Maybe you're right.
UNK: I know I'm... I was lying.
Jane : I know how to lie.
Jane : I just won't do it to my mother.
Thirteen : You like foosball?
Taub : Until the treatment of your infectious paraparesis takes effect,
Taub : Jane can't come back into the room.
Taub : I've already been inoculated.
Maggie : Can she have it already?
UNK: Don't worry. It's a very effective treatment.
Taub : You should be feeling better in a matter of minutes.
Taub : Don't you think Jane deserves a few secrets?
Taub : Some personal space?
Taub : Room to make her own mistakes?
Maggie : She makes plenty of mistakes.
Maggie : Only difference is I'm there to help her through them.
UNK: But she's got to know you're looking over her shoulder.
UNK: It's got to stifle her.
UNK: I think the world would be a better place
Maggie : if everybody always acted like their mom was looking over their shoulder.
UNK: I want to go see my mom.
Kutner : She's sleeping.
Kutner : Why don't we just double the amount we can spend?
UNK: Nope. Can't afford another 25?
UNK: If we allow people 50, people will spend 60.
UNK: Ah! So, you can't afford another 35.
Thirteen : You must really like who you got. Or really dislike.
Jane : My mom always gives the best presents
Jane : to the teachers I get along with the worst.
Thirteen : No. No.
UNK: How do you know no?
Thirteen : I know you didn't get House.
Foreman : I know he didn't get House.
UNK: You gave them all your name? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: I figured I could sow some dissension and get a few ties and sweaters.
Wilson : What happens when they find out?
House : It's Secret Santa.
Wilson : What happens when they find out?
House : They'll argue about what to do with that information.
UNK: The ties are less important than the dissension.
Kutner : We still have to buy him something. Not a chance.
Kutner : We weren't supposed to discuss this. We're not supposed to know.
Foreman : He's not supposed to put his name in there five times.
Jane : He wants presents. It's sad.
Thirteen : It's pathetic.
Kutner : I'm still buying him a present.
Thirteen : No, you're not.
UNK: Fine.
Kutner : What's wrong?
Maggie : I think it's getting worse.
UNK: I can't breathe.
Taub : I need a nurse in here!
Taub : Her lymph nodes are cutting off her airway. We've got to intubate!