Derek : This packing, we hope, will prevent hemorrhaging.
Derek : Dr. Yang, do you want to add something to that?
Cristina : It will allow the cerebral spinal fluid to eventually fill the cavity.
Derek : Hmm, very nice.
Derek : - You two, you wanna close up? - [Woman] Yes, doctor.
UNK: I'm gonna go to bed. [sighs]
Cristina : That was unreal.
UNK: Mr. Hayes : I mean, that's... that's all there is.
UNK: I... I was feeling sick until I came here.
Derek : I was tired.
Derek : Now I'm tired again.
Derek : It's back to reality.
Derek : - Let me explain. - It's fine.
Derek : There is a code among doctors.
Derek : We're not supposed to ask each other questions
Derek : within the walls of this hospital.
George : OK, I was out of line.
Derek : No, you weren't. I was. I was out of line.
Derek : Somebody should have taken responsibility.
Derek : It should have been the guy doing the cutting.
Derek : It should have been me.
Derek : You didn't deserve what happened to you today.
Derek : You did the right thing, code or no code.
UNK: [Scoffing]
Derek : You saw me leave the house this morning, didn't you?
George : Oh, was that you?
UNK: Mrs. Hayes : Hmm.
Derek : I'm not using her.
Derek : And I don't favor her.
George : She's pretty great, you know.
Derek : Mm-hmm.
UNK: So let's go tell Jamie's parents she's gonna be fine,
Derek : barring any complications.
UNK: [George clears throat]
Claire : Did you fix me?
Meredith : No, not completely.
Claire : So I won't get fat?
MVO : No.
Claire : Oh. That's awesome.
Meredith : Claire, I've asked social services
Meredith : to contact your parents.
Alex : Why?
UNK: [Meredith] They can help you.
Claire : With what?
UNK: [Sighing]
Meredith : You don't know this yet,
Meredith : but life isn't supposed to be like this.
Meredith : It's not supposed to be this hard.
UNK: [Sighs]
UNK: Time of death, 20 : 49.
Alex : The first guy I ever met out here from back home.
Meredith : I thought you'd be asleep by now.
Izzie : Yeah, well, I'm not.
Izzie : If you wait a few minutes, you can have a piece of cake.
Izzie : Baked it chock-full of love.
Izzie : Actually, chock-full of unrelenting, all-consuming rage
Izzie : and hostility, but it's still tasty.
Meredith : - So you know? - I know.
Meredith : Well, do you want the long, sordid version,
UNK: or the short version, where I started sleeping with a guy
Meredith : who turned out to be my boss?
Izzie : Neither.
Meredith : Izzie, cut me some slack here.
UNK: No. You went to Dartmouth.
Izzie : Your mother is Ellis Grey.
Izzie : You grew up... Look at this house!
Izzie : You know, you walk into the OR,
Izzie : and there isn't anyone who doubts that you should be there.
Izzie : I grew up in a trailer park. I went to state school.
Izzie : I put myself through med school by posing in my underwear.
Izzie : You know, I walk into the OR, and everyone hopes I'm the nurse.
Izzie : Y-you have their respect without even trying,
Izzie : and you're throwing it away for... what?
Izzie : A few good surgeries?
MVO : No.
Meredith : It's not about the surgeries.
Meredith : It's not about getting ahead.
UNK: [Izzie] Then what?
UNK: A little hot sex?
Izzie : You're willing to ruin your credibility over that?
Izzie : I mean, Meredith, what the hell are you doing?
Athena : Oh, my God.
Izzie : You're falling for him.
George : I am not.
Izzie : Oh, you so are.
Meredith : No, I'm not.
Izzie : You so are.
Izzie : Damn it, you poor girl.
Meredith : You know, it's just that he's just so...
Meredith : And I'm just... I'm having a hard time.
Izzie : Wow, you're all, uh, mushy and...
Izzie : warm and... full of secret feelings.
Meredith : I hate you! And your cake.
Izzie : My cake is good.
UNK: So, um, how hot is the sex?
Bailey : Izzie.
Izzie : What? Come on, I'm not getting any.
Izzie : Help a girl out with a few details.
UNK: [Rowing machine whirring]
UNK: [Bangs]
UNK: [Meredith] Maybe we like the pain.
Jamie : Pooh.
George : How's she doing?
Meredith : - Good. - Good.
UNK: [Meredith] Maybe we're wired that way.
Burke : Cristina?
UNK: Because without it, I don't know...
UNK: ... maybe we just wouldn't feel real.
Derek : You know, we could just...
George : Sleep?
Derek : We could, yeah, if... if you want to.
Meredith : Yeah?
UNK: [Meredith] What's that saying?
UNK: "Why do I keep hitting myself with a hammer?"
Meredith : Oh, thank God.
UNK: "Because it feels so good when I stop. "