Izzie : Apparently,
Bailey : I'm not the only one with hoops.
UNK: [- Tegan and Sara : Downtown]
UNK: Mrs. Hayes : - Doctor. - [Burke sighs]
Alex : Digby's postop CBC shows a severe spike in the white blood cell count.
Burke : What is it?
Alex : It's 27, with 16 percent bands.
Burke : Something else is wrong. That's a little high for simple stress.
Burke : Check for any other possible sources of infection
Burke : or recent illness.
UNK: [Derek] We're gonna start the procedure
Derek : with the left temporal lobectomy.
Derek : Thanks for joining us, Dr. Yang.
Derek : After the temporal, we'll do the frontal,
Derek : and then the occipital.
Meredith : We were able to reverse the gastric bypass,
Meredith : but we did lose a significant portion of her bowel.
Meredith : And because of the short gut syndrome,
Meredith : Claire will never eat normally again.
UNK: Mr. Rice : OK, wait, do? How do we help her here?
Meredith : Well, getting proper nutrition will be a lifelong problem for Claire.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : Great, as if we already don't have our hands full with her.
UNK: Mr. Rice : She gets good grades. She stays out of trouble.
Meredith : She's smart.
Meredith : I just think she feels like nothing she does is good enough for you.
UNK: If you think that I'm responsible for this...
Meredith : I think Claire is killing herself to please you.
UNK: [Scoffs] Oh, please.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : You have no idea what's going on in that girl's mind.
Meredith : You're her mother.
Meredith : She worships the ground you walk on.
Meredith : She didn't do this for herself.
UNK: [Clearing throat]
UNK: Mrs. Rice : I think that this situation...
UNK: Tina... Shut up.
Burke : What is it?
Digby : I'm freezing, doc.
UNK: L-I can't stop shaking.
UNK: Nurse Olivia : His temp's way up, and BP's dropping, doctor.
Alex : Digby, have you had any recent illnesses, new piercings,
Alex : tattoos, wounds?
Digby : New tat on my calf.
UNK: [Panting]
MVO : Ew.
Athena : Oh, my God.
Digby : It was nowhere near that nasty this morning.
Alex : It was infected? Why didn't you say anything?
Digby : Ah, it was nothing.
Digby : I'm not here to complain about a little pain.
UNK: [Alex] The infection's been exacerbated by the stress from the gunshot.
Alex : Get him to ICU.
Alex : We'll get you started on some antibiotics.
Derek : From the frontal lobectomy, I'm going to encounter a, uh...
UNK: [Cristina] We'll encounter the anterior cerebral artery.
Derek : Yes, so we're gonna need to, uh...
UNK: [sighing]
Cristina : The branches of the artery need to be coagulated and divided.
Derek : You know, Taylor, her anesthesia's awful light.
Derek : Come on, Taylor, s-she's waking up.
Cristina : Dr. Taylor?
Cristina : Uh, he's asleep!
Derek : Taylor!
Derek : Dr. Taylor!
UNK: Dr. Taylor : Huh? Oh, God, sorry. Sorry, I'm on it.
UNK: [Sighs]
UNK: [Taylor] My bad, Shep.
Derek : He was right, wasn't he?
UNK: Dr. Taylor : Aw, I nodded off. Come on.
Derek : Whatever you got to do to get through the day.
UNK: Dr. Taylor : Steph, get me some coffee.
UNK: [Steph] Yes, doctor.
UNK: Dr. Taylor : I'll be fine. It won't happen again.
Derek : Yeah, not in here, it won't. Uh, Steph, call Dr. Pennington.
Derek : Hopkins, take over until she gets here. Get out of here.
Burke : What happened?
UNK: Multisymptom organ failure, secondary to overwhelming sepsis.
Alex : Now he's all...
Burke : Fix his BP, that should help his mental status.
Alex : He's maxed out.
Alex : We got V-tach.
UNK: [Burke] He's looking bad.