Izzie : I mean, the vote of confidence in my skills and all.
UNK: I didn't think anyone was noticing how hard...
Bailey : - Izzie? Go. - Yeah.
Meredith : - You paged? - Where are we?
Meredith : I did the consult, did the IV, the meds, the postops, everything.
Bailey : How is your pit patient?
Meredith : She's febrile and has peritoneal signs.
Bailey : You all right, Dr. Yang?
Claire : Fine. On my way back to clinic.
Meredith : I think she had some sort of illegal surgery done in Mexico.
Bailey : Botched abortion?
Meredith : She has four laparoscopic scars on her abdomen
Meredith : and won't say what they're from, the parents are clueless.
Bailey : - She's a minor. - Seventeen. Freshman in college.
Bailey : - You order up for a CT? - Yes.
Bailey : So while she's there,
Bailey : the nurses couldn't get a Foley on Mr. Garay.
Bailey : He may need a Coude cath if you can't get a normal one in there.
Bailey : Write up postop notes on all surgical-floor patients
Bailey : that had surgery within the last 24 hours.
Bailey : Be sure to document their EKGs and x-rays.
Bailey : Hunt them down if you can't find them.
Meredith : Right away.
George : Hey.
Burke : Whoa. Got the flu?
Cristina : Yeah, and thanks for it.
Cristina : It's making my life so much easier.
Burke : I didn't give it to you. It's all over the hospital.
Burke : - You should be in bed. - [Scoffs]
Cristina : Disease, diagnosis and prescription from one man.
Burke : Seriously, I'll give you a ride home.
Cristina : This is not gonna make me go home.
Cristina : You go home.
Burke : But I feel fine.
George : Hey, hey, hey. Have you seen Shepherd?
Izzie : Not as up close as Meredith has.
George : What? Are you trying to get her in trouble?
Izzie : This program will make or break our careers.
Izzie : Some of us will make it through, and some of us won't.
Izzie : And that decision depends entirely on recommendations
Izzie : from doctors like Shepherd.
Izzie : There is a reason we don't sleep with the attendings.
George : It's not her fault, it's Shepherd's.
George : He's taking advantage of her.
UNK: It didn't sound like anything was happening against her will last night.
UNK: OK, we're in good shape here.
UNK: [Nurse] I think so, Dr. Shepherd.
UNK: [Derek] Looks good.
UNK: [Monitor beeping]
UNK: X-ray Tech : Here you go, doc.
UNK: X-ray Tech : The kid's CTs just arrived from County.
Izzie : - Thanks. - Excuse me.
George : - Sorry, Dr. Taylor. - [Door closes]
UNK: X-ray Tech : That would be bourbon.
Derek : - What? - I smelled it too.
UNK: X-ray Tech : And he's the best anesthesiologist on the staff.
UNK: X-ray Tech : I'll worry when he's too juiced to do his crossword puzzle.
UNK: [Derek] Will you close up for me?
Derek : Thank you, everyone.
Bailey : - Dr. Shepherd... - I got to get some coffee.
George : Jamie Hayes has been admitted.
George : The little girl with the brain abnormality.
Derek : How's she presenting?
George : She has what looks like continuous seizure activity in her left foot.
George : - Her balance is off. - How old are these?
George : - Three months old. - I need new ones.
Derek : Her brain could look dramatically different today.
George : OK, I'll order them...
Derek : Thank you.
UNK: Mrs. Hayes : ...doc.
UNK: [Burke] And that?
Alex : That's a bullet from a previous gunshot.
Burke : Previous gunshot? OK.
Alex : No reason to take it out.
Burke : No, the guy likes pain.
Alex : It's his ethos.
Burke : Pain as an ethos?
Burke : Wait, I think I know this guy.
Burke : You remember this guy?
Bailey : Hey, the tattooed masochist.
Burke : Had himself shot again.
Bailey : Glad to see he's still stupid.
Alex : It's his ethos.
Burke : Let's go tell him what he gets to do today.