Meredith : Dr. Bailey? Claire Rice's abdominal CTs.
Bailey : Is this girl fat?
Meredith : Not at all. She's a normal college kid.
Bailey : So, what do you see?
Meredith : Her stomach's stapled.
UNK: [Meredith] She's had a gastric bypass.
Bailey : And a bad one, at that.
Meredith : Gastric bypass is a procedure normally done on obese patients
Meredith : to help them lose weight.
UNK: Mr. Rice : Claire? She doesn't need to lose weight.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : Are you kidding? This means the world to her.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : But it is so typical of this girl to take the easy way out.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : She's done it with everything since she was a little kid.
Bailey : Nothing about this is gonna be easy.
Bailey : She's gonna face a lifelong struggle with malnutrition
Bailey : unless she has surgery to reverse the procedure.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : Do the surgery.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : I told her to watch the freshman 15.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : Don't eat junk, exercise.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : But when she came home Christmas, who had to buy her a pair
UNK: of size-6 jeans because she couldn't get in the ones I got her?
UNK: Mr. Rice : Tina, you know, she tries so hard.
UNK: - [Sighs] - She does.
UNK: Mr. Rice : She gets good grades. She gets A's.
UNK: Mrs. Rice : She has illegal surgery in Mexico.
Bailey : Unfortunately, there were complications with the bypass.
UNK: Mr. Rice : What do you mean?
George : She has what looks like an abscess under her diaphragm,
UNK: an edema, which is a swelling of the bowel wall.
Bailey : I can't say for certain she'll recover completely.
UNK: [Sighs] Just do whatever you have to do to make her well, OK?
Derek : You look like a princess.
UNK: [Jamie] It's not lipstick.
UNK: [Derek] It's not lipstick? No, it's not lipstick.
Derek : Want to do my shoulder? Oh, good.
UNK: [Jamie] And nose?
Derek : We're gonna find out what's causing these seizures.
Derek : - Does MRI know we're coming down? - You said CT.
Derek : Now I'm saying MRI.
George : It's available.
Meredith : Good.
UNK: Mr. Hayes : Doctor, is she gonna need surgery?
Derek : I don't know yet.
UNK: Mr. Hayes : I don't know if our insurance...
UNK: Mrs. Hayes : We know it can be very expensive.
Derek : I don't want you to worry about that.
UNK: It's a focal, left-size seizure. Let's get that diazepam running now, please.
UNK: [Derek] Jamie, here's what we're gonna do.
Derek : We're gonna put this on your arm.
Derek : Isn't that fun? Here, we're gonna put that onto you, like that.
Derek : And this is gonna feel cold.
UNK: This is a butterfly. [fluttering]
UNK: Butterfly lands right there. Mmm, there we go.
Derek : Blanket for the butterfly. Good, nicely done.
Derek : It's amazing stuff, isn't it?
UNK: [Sighs] Uh-huh.
Derek : - Hey, you like spaceships? - Yeah.
Derek : OK, should we take Captain O'Malley,
Derek : my first lieutenant, to the spaceship MRI?
Izzie : Let's go.
Izzie : It'll be safer to wait until your lunch digests
Izzie : before we do the procedure.
Woman : Perfect, this is just perfect.
Woman : I was hoping to be in Portland right now.
UNK: You'll be under conscious sedation,
Izzie : which means you'll be awake, but groggy.
UNK: [Wheezing] Wait, wait. Is this gonna hurt?
Izzie : We'll give you something for pain.
Woman : Do you know how stupid you make me look?
JP : I thought you would think this is funny.
Woman : Funny?
JP : Romantic?
UNK: [Woman] The therapist thing was funny and romantic?
UNK: - [Man] That was funny. - No, that was sad.
Woman : He called my therapist, pretending to be his therapist,
Woman : - to find out what I'd said. - Passive-aggressive, JP?
Woman : He is the king of passive-aggressive.
Woman : And he's manipulative...
UNK: - [JP grunts] ...and needy.
Izzie : Well, that's the trifecta.
JP : What do I win?
UNK: [Wheezing]
Derek : What?
Digby : Doc!