Marshall : Have you seen this public access show with the old Jewish lady in a bikini?
Marshall : It's disgusting.
Ted : Marshall, you have to get over this paranoia.
Ted : You are not gonna get mugged.
UNK: Well, what if I do, Ted, all right? I don't have a switchblade.
Marshall : I don't know how to breakdance
Marshall : and win the begrudging respect of a street gang.
UNK: All right, that's it, you're taking a walk. Come on, go.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No. Look, the old lady in a bikini is back on.
Marshall : I'm just gonna lie back and get comfortable...
UNK: - Go! Go outside. Go, go. - Okay.
Ted : - Leave the bat. - Fine.
UNK: So I went for a walk in the big, scary city.
UNK: And I discovered something amazing. It wasn't scary at all.
Marshall : All right.
UNK: What's the word?
UNK: - Hello. - Your search is over!
UNK: And then, right when I started to get a little hungry, I turned a corner...
Marshall : ...and there it was. The tiniest little burger joint you ever saw,
UNK: tucked between a taxidermist and a XXX bookstore.
Barney : Name two places where things get stuffed.
Marshall : So I went inside.
UNK: And I ordered the burger.
Marshal : Thank you.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Ted.
UNK: Ted, you've got to wake up. Ted, wake...
Ted : Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
Ted : - Are you okay? - I'm all right.
UNK: Ted. Ted, I've just had the most amazing burger of my life!
Marshall : It's this awesome little place. Regis Philbin eats there,
UNK: so it's sort of like a celebrity hotspot. But the burger, Ted. The burger.
Marshall : Dude. I want one of those burgers right now!
Ted : - Do you think they're still open? - I don't know.
UNK: Does stuff in New York stay open past 9 : 30?
UNK: So we went out to get another burger. But after hours of searching...
UNK: Marshall Raising hands in the sky. : Damn it! Where is this place?
Robin : - You couldn't find it? - We didn't know our way around.
Ted : Just getting back to the apartment took us three hours
Ted : - and one very helpful drag queen. - Wait, Betty Noir was a drag queen?
UNK: - Well, where do you think it was? - Probably tucked between her legs.
Barney : You know what's not a drag?
Barney : Getting a home equity loan at Goliath National Bank. I'm just saying.
Marshall : Anyways, we never found the place.
Marshall : Now eight years have passed, still no burger.
Man : - I couldn't help but overhear. - Okay, here we go.
Man : - I know the place you're talking about. - No, you don't.
Man : It's a place called The Corner Bistro. Great burger.
UNK: Oh! Oh, The Corner Bistro!
UNK: It's amazing, I spent a quarter of my life
UNK: searching for the best burger in New York City,
UNK: but silly me, it never occurred to me
UNK: to check the highest-rated burger in the Zagat guide.
UNK: Wow, thanks a lot, guy. Let me return the favor.
UNK: Great cup of coffee? Starbucks.
UNK: Shh!
Robin : So I take it you've tried The Corner Bistro.
Marshall : Robin, I've tried every so-called best burger in New York City
Marshall : trying to find that burger. Or at least forget about her.
UNK: Marshall getting up : We're going.
Marshall : But none of those places even came close.
UNK: Hey, there was that one time we thought we had a break in the case, remember?
Barney : Get this. You know who works out at my gym? Regis Philbin.
UNK: Marshall Watching Ted : The autographed picture.
UNK: Regis Philbin Lifting weights : Of course, I remember the place. It was the best burger I ever had.