Barney : Goliath National Bank, the world leader in credit and banking.
Barney : God, I love Goliath National Bank!
Ted : Okay, first of all, you look like the last pick in the draft.
Ted : And second, why are you so excited about some bank?
Barney : Our company just bought them out in a ruthless takeover. Took two months.
Barney : Cost 2,000 jobs. It was brutal.
Barney : Who wants a T-shirt?
Barney : Hey, Marshall, they're hiring in the legal department.
Barney : I could get you a job.
Lily : Barney, Marshall didn't quit his last soul-sucking corporate job
Lily : just to go work at a bank. He's gonna be an environmental lawyer.
UNK: That was the plan, anyway.
UNK: Over the next few weeks, Marshall went on a lot of interviews.
UNK: Marshall to the mirror : You are confident, you are energetic, you are focused!
UNK: A lot of interviews.
UNK: Marshall to the mirror : You are flexible on salary, you're willing to compromise,
UNK: Marshall to the mirror : you're not gonna cry this time.
UNK: Too many interviews.
UNK: Marshall to the mirror : You are sad, you are beaten down.
UNK: Marshall to the mirror : You will get through this, come home, get in your big underpants and take a nap.
UNK: Which brings us to September 29th, the night of the burger.
Ted : So, what do you guys want to do for dinner?
Wendy : We just got a new cook. You have to try the burger, it's amazing.
UNK: - Oh, great, we'll take five of those. - Five burgers.
UNK: Whoa, really? You want to eat here?
Robin : Yeah, I'm freaking starving. I just finished a seven-day cleanse.
UNK: I thought you just started that yesterday.
UNK: I finished early, okay?
Robin : - Five of those. - Five burgers.
UNK: - Whoa, wait. What about sushi? - We had sushi last night.
Barney : - Italian. - I had Italian for lunch.
Wendy : - I can come back. - No. We always do this.
Robin : We spend an hour arguing about where to eat,
UNK: and then we end up eating here anyway. I haven't eaten for two days.
Robin : Can we please, for the love of God, just order something now?
Ted : - Chinese? - I don't like Chinese.
Ted : - Indian? - I just said I don't like Chinese.
Ted : Indian isn't Chinese.
Barney : Weird meats, funny music, side of rice. Why are we splitting hairs?
Ted : - Mexican? - I just said I don't like Chinese.
Wendy : - Robin, yours will be right out. - Of course, mine comes last.
Robin : Go ahead, start without me.
UNK: - Sweet! Thank you. - You shouldn't have.
Everybody : That's so kind of you.
UNK: Oh, my God. This burger is so good.
Lily : It's like Christmas in my mouth. Meat Christmas.
Ted : It's like an angel from heaven landed in the kitchen at MacLaren's,
Ted : where the chef killed it and ran it through the meat grinder.
Barney : I love this burger so much, I want to sew my ass shut.
Marshall : It's okay.
Everybody : - Are you kidding me? - Guys, guys, guys.
Marshall : When you've had the best burger in New York City,
Marshall : every other burger tastes like my grandpa's feet.
Marshall : But you guys eat up, enjoy my grandpa's feet.
UNK: Oh, and you've had the best burger in New York.
Marshall : It was eight years ago, my first week in New York,
Marshall : and for a kid from Minnesota, the big city was a scary place.
Marshall : Thank God, it's just you.
Ted : You are being ridiculous. Tell me you left the apartment today.
Marshall : Why would I have to leave?
Marshall : I can have anything I want delivered, and New York City cable is awesome.