Robin : - Just shut up and eat. - All right.
Ted : Oh, my God. I'm never brushing my teeth again
Ted : unless it's with a toothbrush made from this burger.
Lily : I think I just had my first burg-asm.
Barney : I want to take this burger out to dinner, then maybe a movie,
Barney : then take it back to my place, put on a little Terence Trent D'arby,
Barney : and then I would just fool around a little bit.
Barney : Nothing serious. Just take it slow, you know?
UNK: Marshall putting his burger in his plate : - This isn't it. - What?
UNK: - Marshall! - It's not it!
UNK: Okay, Marshall, you might not want to hear this,
Ted : but is it at all possible this is the same burger you had eight years ago,
UNK: only it could never live up to your ridiculously high expectations?
Robin : - I mean, it is just a burger. - Just a burger?
Marshall : Just a burger?
UNK: Robin, it's so much more than just a burger.
Marshall : I mean, that first bite...
Marshall : Oh, what heaven that first bite is.
Marshall : The bun, like a sesame-freckled breast of an angel,
Marshall : resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below.
Marshall : Flavors mingling in a seductive pas de deux.
Marshall : And then, a pickle,
Marshall : the most playful little pickle,
Marshall : then a slice of tomato, a leaf of lettuce, and a...
Marshall : A patty of ground beef so exquisite,
UNK: swirling in your mouth, breaking apart and combining again
UNK: in a fugue of sweets and savories so
Marshall : delightful.
Marshall : This is no mere sandwich of grilled meat and toasted bread, Robin.
Marshall : This is God speaking to us through food.
Lily : And you got our wedding vows off the Internet.
UNK: Okay, look, so this isn't the place. All right, it's no big deal.
Marshall : It's another place with a green door and a red neon sign that says "Burger. "
Marshall : I'll call every restaurant in Manhattan and ask them what color their door is.
Marshall : No big deal, right? Let's do this.
UNK: Whoo!
Robin : I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this isn't just about a burger.
Lily : Marshall's not doing so well, guys. He really needs to get a job.
Ted : - Tell them about the underpants. - What about the underpants?
Lily : It started a couple of weeks ago.
UNK: Heads! It's gonna be heads. It's almost usually heads.
Lily : - Hey, baby. - Hey!
Lily : - Did you put on pants today? - Nope.
Lily : It was funny at first, but then it became a daily thing.
Lily : I thought, "Okay, well, at least he's not leaving the house like that. "
Lily : Then one day, he opened the door to get the paper.
Lily : Day after that, went downstairs to get the mail.
Ted : Everyone's got an underpants radius.
Ted : For most of us, it's the distance from the bedroom to the bathroom.
Ted : But as your self-esteem gets smaller, your underpants radius gets bigger.
Robin : How big is Marshall's underpants radius?
UNK: Marshall getting up : We're going.
Ted : Come on, Lily, he'll find a job eventually.
Barney : You know, Lil, when times are tough,
Barney : I like to remember the uplifting words of my favorite song.
UNK: We'll be on your side when you need a friend
UNK: Through thick and thin you can always depend
UNK: On the world leaders in credit and banking
UNK: Goliath National Bank!
Barney : Member, FDIC.
Lily : We've got to find Marshall that burger.
Ted : - Lily, I think we're all eating that burger. - I'm not eating that burger.
Lily : No, if Marshall says this isn't the burger, this isn't the burger.
Robin : - Finally. - Excuse me.
Marshall : - Yes. - Did you guys change cooks or something?
Lily : Because my husband was here a few years ago,
UNK: and he's pretty sure he had a different burger.
Waitress : Yeah, we get this a lot.
UNK: This place is modeled after this other place uptown
Waitress : with the same green door and "Burger" sign.
Ted : - What? Uptown? Where? - 106th and Manhattan Avenue.
UNK: Marshall Raising hands in the sky. : Damn it.
Marshall : 106. A numbered street. Of course.
Barney : - Barney Stinson. - Barney, where the hell are you?
Barney : I'm sorry, this is...
UNK: Regis Philbin : Regis. I'm at the place.
UNK: Regis, of course. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Barney : I forgot to call you. That's not the place.
Barney : The real place is on 106th and Manhattan Avenue.
Barney : - We're headed there right now. - What? Uptown?
UNK: Regis Philbin : Fine, fine, I'll be there in 20. If you get there first, medium rare...
Barney : - Onions? - Onions?
Barney : - Okay, no onions. - Stop the cab!