UNK: - Well, that's fine. Let's just eat here. - We can't eat here. It's an ATM.
Robin : But, food.
UNK: Ow! Ow!
UNK: Hey, what the...
Lily : This is your fault, you and your stupid bank.
Lily : - You did this. - It's not my... Stop, okay.
UNK: Stop it, Lily.
Lily : I will never use a Goliath ATM ever again. Goliath National Bank sucks!
Lily : It's the worst bank on the face of the earth.
Lily : Attention, New Yorkers, this bank sucks! They suck!
UNK: - They suck, suck, suck! - Marshall, will you just tell her already?
Lily : Tell me what?
Lily : - Tell me what? - I got a job.
Lily : - What? Where? - Goliath National Bank.
Marshall : That's why Barney's been going on and on about how great Goliath is.
Marshall : He wanted you to be excited for me, since we're gonna be working there together.
Barney : Well, technically not together. You won't have access to my floor.
Lily : But you want to be an environmental lawyer.
UNK: Yeah, you know, and I also want to be a Harlem Globetrotter
Marshall : and get paid in candy, but...
Marshall : In the meantime, I need a job, and this is a really good one.
Marshall : It's great pay and there's good benefits,
Marshall : and, to be honest, it gives me a reason to put on pants in the morning.
Marshall : You know, I have my whole life to save the planet,
Marshall : but right now, I'm kind of really excited to wear pants again.
Lily : You've got great pants.
Marshall : - I love you. - I love you.
Ted : Robin, no!
Robin : - They're unopened. - Give it.
Robin : - They're barbecue. - Give it!
Lily : - I'm sorry you didn't get your burger. - It's stupid.
Marshall : I think about that first week in New York, you know?
Marshall : I was 22 years old. I had my whole future ahead of me.
Marshall : I guess I just kind of thought that if I could have that burger one more time
Marshall : and feel that way for one more night,
Marshall : that I might be able to check that off the list and grow up,
Marshall : go work for the stupid bank and just be happy.
Man : You know, that burger place isn't gone. It just moved to a new location.
Man : And I can tell you where that is for 100 bucks.
UNK: 100 bucks? That's crazy.
Marshall : - Let's pay the man. - I paid for the cab.
UNK: - I don't have any cash. - I haven't worked since March.
UNK: Wow, if only there were an easy, convenient way
Barney : to get some cash right now.
Barney : Member, FDIC.
UNK: So we paid the guy, and 20 minutes later...
Marshal : Thank you.
Ted : All right, Marshall, remember, it might not taste as good.
Ted : This place has changed, you've changed, New York has changed.
Ted : Just don't get your hopes up too high, okay?
Marshall : - This is it. - Yes!
Marshall : It's exactly the same. It's the best burger in New York.
Marshall : Go ahead, eat up, eat up.
UNK: And so, after finally tasting again
UNK: the burger he'd craved for so many years,
UNK: Marshall got up the next morning, put on some pants and went to work.
UNK: And he never looked back.
Lily : I want to get tiny fitted sheets for this burger
Lily : and just crawl into this bun, get all cozy and die there.
Robin : Oh, my God. I just want you inside of me.
Barney : This feels so good.
Barney : I'm worried I'm gonna get this burger pregnant.
Marshall : If he does get that burger pregnant, I have dibs on the delicious burger babies.
UNK: Marshall putting his burger in his plate : This isn't it.
Everybody : - What? - No, Regis Philbin!
Barney : - That's outrageous. - Come on.
UNK: That is unbelievable!
UNK: Wait. This is it! Yes!
UNK: - I knew I was getting it, Regis Philbin! - Bring it!