Beckett : People change when you're not looking.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Excuse me.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan. What's up?
Beckett : Are you sure?
UNK: Where?
Beckett : Okay, great. Call in a warrant.
UNK: Found a gym near the motel.
Beckett : Naomi bought a day pass there the night that she was killed.
Beckett : And the clerk said she was in and out in three minutes.
Hunt : Just enough time to run in and hide
Hunt : something in one of the lockers.
UNK: She bought the day pass at 10 : 24 p.m.
Hunt : That's 20 minutes after she called me to say she was in trouble.
Hunt : She was leaving me a message.
Beckett : She did better than leave a message about the killer.
Beckett : She left us a picture of him as well.
BECKETT : Anything on the number sequence?
UNK: Tech Guy : We're running it through every database, but nothing so far.
UNK: Naomi wrote it on there for a reason.
Beckett : What about the photo?
UNK: Tech Guy : Well, based on the light and background architecture,
UNK: Tech Guy : this photo was taken in Midtown, New York.
Castle : Hey. What'd I miss?
Beckett : Not much.
Beckett : Oh, we did manage to find that mystery locker.
Beckett : And that guy in the photo, he's probably our killer.
Beckett : So, how was your lunch?
Castle : Oh, I loved the special.
Beckett : I'll bet.
Hunt : Wait a minute. Can you blow up this one section?
UNK: Tech Guy : Yeah, sure.
Castle : Rounded and gold. It's a plaque.
Hunt : It's the British seal.
Hunt : This picture was taken right outside the British Consulate.
Beckett : Pull up a list of the Consulate employees.
UNK: Tech Guy : Here you go.
Hunt : Well, he's not on this page.
Castle : There he is.
UNK: "Nigel Wyndham."
UNK: "Deputy General of the British Consulate."
Hunt : Which means he's just under the Consulate General in rank.
Hunt : So he's responsible for the daily operations
Hunt : in financial and logistical matters.
UNK: What the hell is Naomi doing mixed up with this guy?
Hunt : That was my mate at Scotland Yard.
Hunt : He found out some intriguing details on Nigel Wyndham.
Hunt : Like the fact that a girlfriend in college
Hunt : died rather mysteriously
Hunt : while they were on holiday in Rome.
Gates : Well, was he ever charged?
UNK: No. And after that, he had a string of bad investments
Hunt : until he married Cynthia Wadlow.
Hunt : It was her prominent family
UNK: who pulled strings that got him a position,
Hunt : first at the Ministry of Culture, then here at the Consulate.
Esposito : Yo. So we've been reconstructing Naomi's movements
Esposito : since she landed in New York a couple of weeks ago.
Esposito : Her financials indicate that she booked a car service last week
Esposito : that dropped her at Nobu.
UNK: And we showed the host Nigel's picture
Esposito : and he confirmed that they met for dinner.
Beckett : Did the host notice anything?
Esposito : Yeah, he noticed the C-Note that Nigel dropped
Esposito : to secure the romantic table in the back.
Ryan : Hey. I just called the Consulate.
Ryan : The day after the romantic Nobu dinner,
Ryan : security removed Naomi from Nigel's office.
UNK: Well, sounds like a fight.
Ryan : Security heard Naomi yell something about Cynthia
Ryan : as they escorted her out.
CASTLE : Well, it makes perfect sense.
Castle : Stuck in a marriage of convenience,
Castle : Nigel meets the young and beautiful Naomi.
Castle : Finds her irresistible.
Castle : A chance meeting turns to dinner. Dinner to a tryst.
Castle : But then Naomi wants more.
Castle : Nigel realizes that his affair has become a threat.
Castle : To his position, his reputation,
Castle : to the life he built on the backs of his wife and her family.
Beckett : Sir, if Nigel's wife found out about an affair,
Beckett : it would kill his marriage and his career.
Beckett : Detective Inspector Hunt,
UNK: I take your silence to mean that you don't agree?
Hunt : Well, the Naomi I knew would never fool with someone like Wyndham
Hunt : but she wouldn't have left his picture in that locker
Hunt : if he weren't connected to her death somehow.
Gates : Nigel Wyndham's position at the Consulate
UNK: includes diplomatic immunity.
UNK: Which would be waived if he was a suspect in a murder case.
Gates : If I pick up the phone to make that request,
UNK: I'm gonna need something more concrete than just a theory.
Beckett : Sir, Lanie pulled our killer's prints off of our victim's neck.
Beckett : And given everything that we know right now,
Beckett : I'm willing to bet that they're a match to Nigel's.
GATES : A bet's not enough.
Gates : But if you can get those prints,