UNK: Nikki J : I told security to give her the boot and that was that.
Beckett : Really? Can you prove it?
UNK: Nikki J : My driver brought us home.
UNK: Nikki J : I was with Biggie Slim the rest of the night.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Yeah, I went home with Nicky Jay.
UNK: Biggie Slim : After the tussle, she was all worked up.
UNK: Biggie Slim : But I like it when she gets worked up.
UNK: Biggie Slim : When she got something to prove.
UNK: Nikki J : She said that the fight started
Beckett : because you were spending time with this girl.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Oh, yeah. That girl.
UNK: Biggie Slim : What can I say?
UNK: Women are powerless against my good looks and charms.
HUNT : Yes, it's a real curse.
Hunt : You and Naomi, what did you talk about?
UNK: Well, little bit of this, little bit of that.
Esposito : She was a bad chick, you know?
UNK: Biggie Slim : But a little off, you know what I'm talking about?
Hunt : No. What are you talking about?
UNK: Man, she was acting paranoid, man.
UNK: Said somebody had followed her to the party.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Figured she was just blowing smoke.
HUNT : Why is that?
UNK: Look, I don't just produce Nicky Jay, all right?
UNK: Biggie Slim : I'm building my brand.
UNK: Biggie Slim : I got Biggie Slim Records, Biggie Slim Clothing.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Hell, I even got a Biggie Slim energy drink.
UNK: Biggie Slim : So some filly comes up trying to make her time,
UNK: Biggie Slim : it's just an everyday thing in my life.
Beckett : Did she tell you who she thought was following her?
UNK: Sure didn't. But I guess she wasn't lying though, huh?
Beckett : Naomi left that party, and then three hours later, she was dead.
Esposito : Based on what she told Biggie Slim,
Esposito : Naomi knew somebody was after her.
Beckett : All right, let's canvass the area around the party venue,
Beckett : see if she was being followed.
UNK: And let's track down Nicky Jay and Biggie Slim's driver.
UNK: I wanna see if they went straight home.
Esposito : On it.
UNK: So, that story that you told Nicky Jay about your girlfriend...
Hunt : Total pants.
Hunt : I just wanted her to think I sympathized.
Hunt : And honestly, after meeting Biggie Slim, I do.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe she's hanging on hoping that he'll change.
Hunt : Guys like him never do.
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Our M.E.'s finished the autopsy.
UNK: Her larynx is crushed.
Lanie : Whoever did it was strong. Large hands. Probably a male.
Beckett : That's like half the city.
UNK: We may be able to narrow it down a little further than that.
Lanie : The pressure from the killer's grip left a print on her neck.
Beckett : Were you able to pull a print?
UNK: We recovered a partial,
Lanie : thanks to the body lotion she was wearing.
Beckett : Is it in the system?
UNK: Not enough to run it.
Lanie : But you bring me a print off a suspect,
Lanie : I can tell you if it's a match.
Beckett : Excuse me, I have to make a call.
UNK: Easy on the eyes. Cute accent, too. I've just got one question.
UNK: Hmm?
Lanie : Where's Castle?
Beckett : He took off. For a lunch date.