Gates : then this is a whole different conversation.
ESPOSITO : Here's the problem, bro.
Esposito : Foreign dignitaries don't register their fingerprints
Esposito : with local law enforcement.
Ryan : And if we put in a request to the Consulate,
Ryan : they'll box us out and alert Nigel that he's a suspect.
Esposito : Yeah, I thought Scotland Yard would be able to get them.
Ryan : Even with his connections across the pond, we struck out.
Castle : Okay, boys, here it is.
Ryan : Here's what?
Castle : My foolproof plan for getting Nigel's fingerprint.
UNK: Nigel lives in a high-rise apartment, here, on Park Avenue.
Esposito : Yeah. High security.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : Ryan, you'll be here.
Castle : Front door, dressed as a flower delivery boy.
Castle : Esposito, you'll be here. Dressed as a hobo.
UNK: Question.
UNK: Why's the brown man gotta be the hobo?
Castle : You want the flowers?
Esposito : Hobo it is.
Castle : You boys will cause a distraction here,
Castle : whilst I rappel down the side of the building with Nicolai.
RYAN : Who's Nicolai?
Castle : He's a Romanian gymnast I found on YouTube.
Castle : He's extremely flexible and fits in the duffle bag.
Castle : Using a glass cutter...
Hunt : Excuse me, gents. Anyone seen Detective Beckett?
UNK: Wow. You guys going out?
Hunt : I pulled some strings
Hunt : and got us into a party at the British Consulate tonight.
Beckett : Nigel will be there.
Beckett : We'll get his prints and he won't even know it.
Hunt : Cheers, lads.
Ryan : Or they could do that.
UNK: Tech Guy : Yeah. Sure. If you want to do it the easy way.
Hunt : Thank you.
Beckett : So, who is Sir Alfred Heath?
Hunt : Tonight, I am.
Hunt : The lads back home said the real Sir Alfred is down as a no-show.
UNK: Gout or some damn thing.
Beckett : Yeah, but what if Nigel Wyndham doesn't show either?
Hunt : He'll be here.
Hunt : And I expect he'll skip the champagne
Hunt : and drink something posh and pretentious.
UNK: Leaving his print on the glass.
Beckett : What if he doesn't drink?
Hunt : He's British. Trust me, he drinks.
Hunt : May I?
Beckett : I didn't realize that dancing was a part of the plan.
UNK: Well, it offers a perfect vantage point.
UNK: Huh.
Beckett : Do you come to a lot of these events?
Hunt : No, thank God. Why?
Beckett : You just seem very confident.
UNK: Well, that's because my companion
Hunt : is the most beautiful woman in this room.
UNK: CHUCKLES That's clearly the champagne talking.
UNK: I'm sure you're just comfortable here
Beckett : because you're amongst your own people.
Hunt : These aren't my people.
Hunt : My people are the ones carrying the trays.
Hunt : Yeah. I grew up on the East End.
Hunt : My mum cleaned flats. Dad worked in a factory.
Hunt : They wanted something better. They just...
UNK: They couldn't quite get it.
Hunt : And then?
Hunt : I was admitted to Eton on a scholarship
Hunt : where I minored in blending in.
Hunt : What about you?
Beckett : I grew up in the city. And went to college in California.
Hunt : Well, you could obviously do anything you put your mind to.
Hunt : Why be a cop?
Beckett : I guess it was just my calling.
UNK: Ah, a crusader. I know the type.
Hunt : Doesn't leave a lot of time for a personal life though, does it?
Hunt : What about you? Are you the crusader type as well?
Hunt : Married to the Bill, I'm afraid. The job comes first.
UNK: Though sometimes I wish it didn't.
Beckett : Yeah. I know the feeling.
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: WHISPERING Wait a minute. Look over there by the bar.
UNK: My one o'clock.
Hunt : Let the games begin.
UNK: All right. Take care.
UNK: Nigel Wyndham : Good evening.
Beckett : Nigel Wyndham. Deputy General.
Beckett : Jean Harrington. Bored.
Wyndham : Well, we'll have to remedy that, Miss Harrington.
Wyndham : One for the lady, please.
Beckett : Oh, a ring. That's discouraging.
UNK: Oh, well, it needn't be.
Wyndham : To new friendships.
Wyndham : Now, tell me, Miss Harrington, are you here alone?
Wyndham : If so, it would be a grave injustice.
Beckett : My date's more interested in networking than he is in me.
Wyndham : In that case, he won't object if I asked you for a dance.
Castle : You know what? I wouldn't care even if he did.
Wyndham : Shall we?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.