Beckett : And that's supposed to make this all okay?
Castle : Jacinda just wanted to help. What's the big deal?
UNK: You don't get it, do you?
Castle : No, I guess I don't.
UNK: No, forget it. I guess you don't.
Ryan : Hey. We found something you're gonna wanna see.
Castle : The airline emailed over the waybill.
Ryan : The pouch that matches our number
Ryan : was shipped from the British Consulate about a year ago.
Ryan : It flew from JFK to Kampala, Uganda.
UNK: Uganda? That can't be a coincidence.
BECKETT : What do you mean?
Hunt : Naomi's boyfriend, the one who died, he was killed in Uganda.
UNK: Any idea of what was being shipped?
Ryan : Just that it weighed 200 pounds.
Hunt : Well, that's awfully heavy for a pouch.
Castle : Well, a diplomatic pouch can be as small as an envelope
UNK: or as big as a cargo container.
Esposito : Whatever's being shipped, it's being sent out about once a month.
Esposito : I just combed through airline waybills from the past year.
Esposito : Ten other pouches, all the same weight,
Esposito : were flown from here to Uganda.
Esposito : In fact, one of them is listed as
Esposito : being in JFK's secure baggage area.
Hunt : You mean to say one of those pouches is at the airport, right now?
Castle : Finding out what's in that pouch
Castle : could tell us who killed Naomi.
UNK: Yeah, but we don't have any jurisdiction here, Castle.
Beckett : If the NYPD tries to open up a British diplomatic pouch,
Beckett : we could risk an international incident.
Hunt : Then it's a good thing I'm not NYPD.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Oh, good evening, sir. I'm Agent Bauer, from Homeland Security.
Hunt : I'm here for the inspection.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Nobody radioed me about any inspection.
UNK: Well, of course they didn't.
Hunt : We conduct random checks to assess security.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Telling you we were coming
Hunt : kind of defeats the purpose, am I right?
UNK: We'd be tipping our hand. Showing our playbook, so to speak.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Two years I've worked this shift,
UNK: and I never heard of anything that...
Hunt : Look, Morgan, is it? I'm sure you run a tight ship here.
UNK: So if things inside are secure,
UNK: I'll make damn sure your bosses know about it,
Hunt : which will reflect well on you.
Hunt : We're all on the same team here, pal.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : I gotta verify this with my supervisor.
UNK: Yeah, you do that.
UNK: I'm getting more adept at faking my way past people.
Hunt : Must be all the practice.
Beckett : You're in the baggage area?
Hunt : Maybe a minute before the guard calls his supervisor
Hunt : to check my story.
UNK: All right, so based on the shipping code,
Beckett : the pouch that you're looking for is about five feet long.
UNK: Does the waybill say if it's a crate?
Hunt : A footlocker? A cardboard box? What?
Esposito : No. Sorry, bro.
Ryan : But it's 200 pounds, so it's gotta be something sturdy.
UNK: Something sturdy, all right.
UNK: Oh, God.
Hunt : Here we go, I found it. It's a crate.
MORGAN : Agent Bauer, I need you to step out of there, please.
Ryan : Okay, that didn't sound good.
Hunt : Agent Bauer? What did he expect?
Hunt : I heard that. CLEARS THROAT
UNK: Uh, I've just about wrapped up here.
MORGAN : Sir, my supervisor will be here...
Hunt : And he will be mighty pleased with your work, Morgan.
Hunt : Mighty pleased.
UNK: It's clear to me that you've been working harder
UNK: than a one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Hello? You there? Hello?
Hunt : Bloody hell.
Beckett : What's in the crate?
UNK: Missiles.
Hunt : Customs and Homeland Security have impounded the crate,
Hunt : Interpol is on their way to JFK.
Beckett : How did you explain opening the diplomatic pouch?
Wyndham : Oh, well, everyone's more interested
Hunt : in the missiles at the moment,
UNK: but I expect I'll be in hot water at some point.
UNK: And where does this leave Wyndham?
UNK: Untouched.
Esposito : What do you mean, untouched? He was smuggling weapons.
UNK: Well, they'll have an inquiry, of course.
Hunt : But they can't prove he knew what was in the crate.
Beckett : And since we opened the crate illegally,
Beckett : we won't be able to use it as evidence.
HUNT : At least it all starts to make sense now.
Hunt : Naomi was trying to solve Aidan's murder.
Ryan : That would be Naomi's boyfriend, Aidan Miller.
Ryan : He worked for Doctors Without Borders in Uganda,