Ryan : until his helicopter was shot down
UNK: by guerrilla forces a year ago.
HUNT : And the British government launched an investigation
Hunt : but was never able to determine
Hunt : how the rebels acquired a Stinger missile.
Castle : Which we now know came to them courtesy of Nigel Wyndham.
Beckett : Yeah, except, Nigel's not the type to get his hands dirty
Beckett : when it comes to missiles or murder.
UNK: He must've had a partner who had a line on those Stingers.
Beckett : And if Naomi started looking into the smuggling operation...
Hunt : Then perhaps it was the partner who got rid of her.
Ryan : So, then, the question is, who is his partner?
UNK: Everything Naomi did was about finding out
Castle : who supplied the weapon that killed her boyfriend.
Castle : That's why she stopped taking modeling gigs.
UNK: It's why she came to New York.
Castle : Maybe there's someone on that list of attendees
Castle : for that foreign dignitary party.
Castle : I mean, it all started
UNK: when she booked that out of London a few months ago.
UNK: "Paulo Makuzi."
Ryan : And who is he?
Hunt : A leader of the rebel army in Uganda.
UNK: Naomi must've heard something at the party,
UNK: that's what led her to the Consulate.
Esposito : That romantic dinner with Nigel
Esposito : was just part of her agenda to get the pouch number from his office.
Castle : So then there's just one piece
Castle : that doesn't fit in her investigation.
Beckett : What was she doing with Biggie Slim?
Beckett : I want you to take a close look at this photo.
UNK: Yeah, I seen this one.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Paparazzi caught me and Nicky Jay
UNK: Biggie Slim : coming out of the studio a couple of weeks ago.
BECKETT : In fact, that is Nicky Jay's black SUV, isn't it?
UNK: Biggie Slim : Bought by Biggie Slim himself.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Supply and demand. She demands, I gotta supply.
Beckett : You know, the thing that I find intriguing
Beckett : is that before you became Biggie Slim,
UNK: your name was Darius Young.
Beckett : Best known for launching several failed Internet start-ups.
UNK: Just a man ahead of my time.
Hunt : Well, the SEC thought you were a man trying to fleece investors.
UNK: Biggie Slim : See, I was never charged for that.
Beckett : One of your ventures, a music sharing website based in the UK,
Beckett : caught the attention of British authorities.
Beckett : And when they tried to shut it down,
UNK: an aide to the Minister of Culture lobbied on your behalf.
Beckett : And do you know who that aide was?
Beckett : Nigel Wyndham.
Beckett : In fact, this is Nigel stepping out of the very same black SUV.
UNK: No, I don't think so.
BECKETT : Why don't you take a closer look?
UNK: It's got the same custom pinstripes on the door.
UNK: Biggie Slim : It's just somebody else's truck with those stripes on there.
Hunt : Your driver already admitted
Hunt : that he drove you to this meeting outside the Consulate.
Beckett : We also know that your cousin is in the service. Drew Harris?
Hunt : A Staff Sergeant. He works in an armory.
Hunt : He supplied the missiles.
Beckett : You knew that Wyndham had access to the diplomatic pouch
Beckett : and you saw an opportunity.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Supply and demand.
UNK: Biggie Slim : That's a whole lot of speculation there, mate.
Beckett : Well, we weren't the only ones to put together the pieces.
Hunt : Naomi wasn't giving you her phone number,
Hunt : she was looking for evidence.
Beckett : Once you realized that she was the same girl
Beckett : that Wyndham caught snooping,
Beckett : you followed her to the motel and you killed her.
UNK: SCOFFS
UNK: Well, how y'all gonna prove that?
Hunt : A partial fingerprint on Naomi's body.
Hunt : And it's a match to you.
Beckett : You know, the thing that I still can't figure out is,
Beckett : why Uganda?
Beckett : Why would you care?
UNK: SIGHS Man, it wasn't about Uganda.
UNK: Biggie Slim : It was just about the money.