UNK: Beckett.
Lanie : Don't think you were saved by the bell, Kate Beckett.
Lanie : As your friend, I'm not gonna let this drop.
Lanie : So, what, you think I should tell him how I feel?
Lanie : Yes. You hunt murderers for a living. You can do this.
Beckett : Okay. Okay. I just... I have to find the right time.
Lanie : No time like the present.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
Lanie : What the...
Lanie : On second thought, maybe you should wait a bit.
Lanie : What's that? Ryan's calling, I gotta go.
UNK: GIGGLES
Castle : I'll call you in about an hour.
Castle : Hey there.
Castle : Second, who died?
Beckett : You, from the looks of it.
Beckett : You look like you just got run over by a truck.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah. A truck delivering a shipment of awesome.
UNK: No, I just flew into Vegas for the weekend.
Castle : Just needed a little change of scenery.
Beckett : And you won the blonde in a high-stakes poker match?
Castle : No. I met her on the flight back.
Beckett : And you just gave her your car?
Castle : Jacinda happens to be a very trustworthy person.
UNK: She's a first-class flight attendant.
Castle : It's not like I gave her my social security number.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Is everything okay?
Castle : Never better.
ESPOSITO : Our victim is Naomi Allen. Age 25.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Her green card indicates that she's a British national.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ryan's notifying the Consulate.
Beckett : Her address is in SoHo. What was she doing all the way down here?
Esposito : Don't know. But she checked in two hours before she was killed.
UNK: I hope they prorated the room.
Esposito : Good news is, we have a witness.
Esposito : The maid who discovered the body saw a guy run out.
Beckett : Did the maid get a good look?
Esposito : She's with the sketch artist now.
UNK: Well, whoever he is, he was looking for something.
Beckett : This place has been searched.
ESPOSITO : The one thing we do know is that she was not robbed.
Esposito : Her wallet, watch and cash were untouched.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, how does it look?
Lanie : Like you waited too long.
Beckett : The vic?
Lanie : She was strangled. But she went down with a fight.
UNK: Prelim suggests a sign of a struggle. She took one to the face.
UNK: Well-dressed, attractive woman in a seedy motel
Beckett : and a guy who flees the crime scene.
Beckett : This might have been a one-night stand gone wrong.
Lanie : Are we talking about the victim or Castle?
Beckett : Hey, Espo.
UNK: Yeah?
Beckett : Can you contact the next of kin
Beckett : and canvass the area once the sketch is done?
Esposito : Yeah, no problem.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, Beckett, found the vic's business card
UNK: in a side pocket of her purse.
Ryan : Looks like she works in Manhattan.
UNK: "Naomi Allen, Kittman Group."
UNK: Claire Panchard : Yes. I was her US booking agent.
UNK: Claire Panchard : Naomi was one of our top models.
Beckett : So, she was in the city for work?
Claire : She split her time between here and London.
Claire : The good ones usually end up spending
UNK: at least half the year in New York.
Beckett : Now, do you have any idea why
Beckett : she was at the Alexandria Motel last night?
Claire : Uh, no. I've never even heard of it.
Castle : It's one of those "pay by the hour" places?
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Claire : No. No, I don't.
Beckett : But you do have an idea who he might be?
UNK: It's just, lately,
Claire : Naomi was making some choices.
Beckett : What kind of choices?
Claire : Well, she seemed to have lost interest in standard modeling jobs.
UNK: Recently she'd been booking more unconventional gigs.
Beckett : Like what?
Claire : Well, I heard the London office booked her
Claire : to attend the birthday party of some foreign dignitary
Claire : a few months ago.
Beckett : She was hired to go to a party?
Claire : It's common for models to get hired to pretty-up an event.
Claire : Some girls do it to pick up extra cash.
Claire : And other girls do it as a way of connecting with wealthy men.
Castle : Wait, are you saying that Naomi
Castle : was hiring herself out as an escort?
Claire : You just don't see girls as good as Naomi
Claire : taking these party jobs.
Claire : Not unless there's a bigger payout involved somewhere.
Beckett : Do you know if she took on any of these kinds of gigs recently?
Claire : It's not really what we do.
UNK: Yeah.
Claire : She did want me to try to get her
Claire : into an event last night though,
Claire : an album launch party in Midtown.
Claire : But I didn't have any connections to it.
Beckett : Last night?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Castle : Yeah, that we should throw a party and hire a bunch of models.
Beckett : No. That maybe Naomi somehow got into that party last night.
Beckett : And that that's where she met her killer.
Beckett : That's what I was thinking.
UNK: Weird.
Castle : We're usually more in sync than that.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, did you find anything at Naomi's apartment?
Ryan : No, but someone else might have. It's been tossed.
Ryan : Not only that, but a neighbor said they saw a man
Ryan : leaving the apartment late last night.
Ryan : The neighbor ID'd him off the sketch.
Ryan : It's the same guy who fled the murder scene.
CASTLE : He couldn't find what he was looking for in the motel,
Castle : so he searched her place.
Ryan : Yeah, but this time, he left a footprint.
UNK: Meaning?
Ryan : Well, Unis canvassed around the apartment with the sketch,
Ryan : he bought a bottle of single-malt with a credit card
Ryan : a couple of blocks away.
UNK: "Colin Hunt." What do we have on him?
RYAN : Nothing in the system.
Ryan : But I ran a trace on the credit card,
UNK: he checked in the Mondrian SoHo this morning.
Beckett : NYPD, show me your hands.
UNK: Colin Hunt : You're making a mistake.
Beckett : Yeah, like I haven't heard that before. Hands in the air, now.
Hunt : If you insist.
UNK: Whoa! Dude. Whoa!
Hunt : Allow me to introduce myself.
Hunt : Detective Inspector Colin Hunt, Scotland Yard.
Beckett : You're a long way from home, Detective Inspector Hunt.
UNK: How did you end up at that dead girl's motel room?
UNK: I was at a seminar in D.C. last night
Hunt : when Naomi called me, panicked.
Hunt : She said she was in trouble and needed my help.
Castle : So you knew her?
Hunt : Naomi was like a sister to me.
UNK: Her dad, Terence, was my first partner on the job.
Hunt : When he passed away, I promised her family that I'd look after her.
Hunt : After she called me, I grabbed the next flight,
Hunt : but by the time I arrived, it was too late.
Beckett : And your first instinct was to flee the crime scene?
Hunt : I didn't flee. I left.
Hunt : She was dead. There was nothing else to do.
UNK: Yeah. Except maybe to hang around
Beckett : and give the police a statement.
Hunt : You and I both know that if I stuck around,
Hunt : it'd be hours of questioning
UNK: and then you'd just send me off with
Hunt : a "Cheers, we'll keep you posted."
Beckett : But I suppose you had something more important to do.
Hunt : The room had been searched.
Hunt : Whoever killed her was looking for something.
Hunt : I thought they might try her apartment next.
Hunt : By the time I got there, it'd already been tossed.
Hunt : Look, I know I shouldn't have been investigating,