UNK: So, tell me, Miss Harrington, what should I know about you?
Beckett : Well, there's more to me than meets the eye.
UNK: Wow. What meets the eye is irresistible.
Beckett : You know, actions speak louder than words.
UNK: Meaning?
UNK: Meaning, if I'm so irresistible,
Beckett : then why aren't you using both your hands?
Hunt : Excuse me, Your Excellency.
Hunt : Oh! Excuse me. Pardon me, coming through.
UNK: Sorry, sir, as you were.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Excuse me. Sir Alfred Heath?
UNK: Yes?
UNK: Might I have a word, sir?
UNK: Security Man Bryson : There seems to be two of you here this evening.
UNK: BOTH CHUCKLE
UNK: Sorry.
Wyndham : I have to ask.
Wyndham : Are you as aggressive in your other activities
Wyndham : as you are on the dance floor?
Beckett : You know, what can I say? I like to lead, all the time.
UNK: TALKING INDISTINCTLY
Castle : Are you... Is, is everything all right?
Beckett : Um... Yeah, you know, I'm suddenly,
Beckett : I feel very hungry, excuse me.
UNK: Would you like one of these? I hear they're great.
Wyndham : I'm not a caviar man, myself.
Beckett : Yeah, but I hear that they're an aphrodisiac.
Wyndham : Not for me, I'm afraid.
UNK: I'm sorry to intrude, Mr. Wyndham, sir...
UNK: Yes, what is it, Bryson?
UNK: Security Guy Bryson : The young lady. I need her to come with me.
Wyndham : Well, for what purpose?
UNK: Don't worry, darling. I know that we'll see each other again very soon.
UNK: SIGHS I had the waiter, then I lost him.
UNK: I've bollocksed up the whole plan and now we've got nothing.
Beckett : Oh, I wouldn't say "nothing".
Beckett : I swiped Wyndham's card case. It's got his prints all over it.
UNK: Why, you sneaky little thief. That's bloody brilliant.
Beckett : Thank you. Now let's go get this son of a bitch.
UNK: The print's not a match.
UNK: What? What?
Esposito : CSU ran the fingerprints off the card case,
UNK: compared them to the one that Lanie found on Naomi's body.
UNK: It wasn't Nigel Wyndham's.
Beckett : No, that's not possible, run it again.
Esposito : Ryan already did that three times. Wyndham's not our killer.
Hunt : He's behind this. I know it.
Hunt : It's why Naomi left us his photograph.
UNK: Well, maybe he hired someone to do his dirty work for him.
Hunt : Like one of his security men.
Beckett : Can you get Scotland Yard
Beckett : to run background checks on the security staff?
Castle : Or, a better path might be
Castle : to look into this mysterious number
Castle : that Naomi wrote on the back of that photo.
Castle : Which is a mystery no longer.
Esposito : Is this lobster, bro?
Castle : Lucky for you, Jacinda's a light eater.
Castle : You heat that up, little bit of melted butter...
UNK: Are you telling us you know what that number means? How?
Castle : Well, as Jacinda and I were enjoying
Castle : our succulent lobsters, from Maine,
Castle : paired with an earthy, yet elegant,
Castle : Pinot Noir from the Sonoma Valley...
Beckett : Castle, numbers.
Beckett : Right. Well, we were going over the file,
Castle : turns out Jacinda's quite a little crime solver.
Beckett : You showed the stewardess the evidence file?
UNK: No.
UNK: I took a picture of it with my phone.
UNK: And the preferred nomenclature is "flight attendant."
Castle : Point is, this code refers to a diplomatic pouch.
Hunt : How do you know that?
Castle : Jacinda recognized the format.
Castle : Furthermore, she told me these last three digits
Castle : are a reference code for Royal Eastern Airlines.
Esposito : Which means the pouch was delivered on the airline.
UNK: Exactly. The W-4 refers to the size of the pouch.
Castle : The 1949 indicates exactly which pouch it is
Castle : in the Consulate sequence.
Hunt : As the Deputy General, Nigel signs for all the pouches.
Beckett : So then, maybe this wasn't about
Beckett : an affair gone wrong between Nigel and Naomi.
Hunt : It's about smuggling.
Castle : Well, that makes a lot of sense. Diplomatic pouches are sealed
Castle : and their contents bypass TSA and Customs inspections.
UNK: Naomi must've got onto what Wyndham was doing somehow.
Hunt : We need to know what was in that pouch.
UNK: Consulate's never gonna release that information.
Castle : Well, we don't have to worry about the Consulate.
Castle : The airline keeps a copy of the waybill.
Beckett : Get a hold of the airline, let's get that waybill down here.
Esposito : Ryan, grab a pen.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Castle, you can't just share confidential police information
Beckett : with an outsider.
Castle : Even if it solves the case?
Castle : I mean, she gave us a lead.
Castle : That's more than you got at the Consulate.