Foreman : Cameron brought this up from the ER.
House : Doesn't look like a friendship bracelet.
Kutner : It's Phineas Gage.
Kutner : The most famous case study in medical history.
House : You're telling me this patient got a railroad spike
House : drilled through his frontal lobe?
Foreman : No, no trauma, but he does have frontal lobe disinhibition.
Foreman : Just like Gage.
Thirteen : Gage was a different person after the spike.
Thirteen : Argumentative, impulsive.
House : Whereas our guy became a different person after chardonnay.
Taub : He was sober when they brought him in.
Taub : There's also the nosebleed, the collapse.
House : MRI show anything? Nothing.
House : Good. What fun would that be?
House : So the tumor's not in the cool neighborhood.
House : It's cool neighborhood adjacent.
Thirteen : A well-placed tumor in the nasal cavity,
Thirteen : eroding into the brain could do the damage.
House : Go stick a scope up Phineas' nose and see what you find.
UNK: Daddy, I'm always going to win if you keep telling me what your cards are.
Nick : Then suppose I tell you... While I tickle you!
Taub : Mr. Greenwald, I'm Dr. Taub and this is Dr. Kutner.
Kutner : We're here for another test. Sorry about that.
Nick : You don't look sorry.
Nick : Um. No offense.
Nick : Although you do look kind of cheerful.
Nick : It's a little creepy. Should I want a doctor who's excited about how sick I am?
Kutner : I'm not... We're going to put this up your nose,
Taub : scan for any problems.
Taub : I can assure you that we are completely unexcited about that.
Taub : Excuse me, sweetie.
Audrey : She has an auditory processing disability.
UNK: Marika Balika. You have to get off the bed.
Taub : This might be slightly uncomfortable.
Audrey : Honey, do you mind if I step out?
Audrey : I have to make sure the final arrangements are in place for the breast cancer walk.
Nick : Yeah. You do that.
Nick : I'll pretend to be macho while a guy stuffs three feet of plastic up my nose.
Nick : It's too bad it's not your nose.
Nick : Lots more room to maneuver.
Audrey : I guess the walk can wait 10 minutes.
Nick : Or in a sensible world, even longer.
Nick : Just how does tying up traffic for six hours stop breast cancer?
Audrey : You know how it works, people donate.
Nick : Why not spend six hours building houses for Habitat for Humanity?
Nick : Or is it wrong to help two groups of people at once?
UNK: I'll bet there are those who have breast cancer and no home.
Audrey : It's my job, Nick.
Audrey : You walked yourself last year.
Nick : To be supportive.
Nick : Because I knew you wouldn't have sex with me if I didn't.
UNK: I'm going to make my call.
Nick : Make this go away.
Nick : God, that honker really is huge, isn't it?
House : Wednesday night.
UNK: Low-Down-Blue-Meanie versus the Incinerator.
Wilson : I can't.
House : Let me rephrase. Low-Down-Blue-Meanie...
Wilson : I understand Monster Truck code.
Wilson : Do you understand "can't"?
House : Not when it follows Low-Down-Blue-Meanie.
House : Is the world coming to an end Tuesday night?
House : Otherwise, Wednesday... All right.
Wilson : It's not "can't," it's "don't want to."
Wilson : The fact is, I just don't like monster trucks.
House : Yes, you do.
Wilson : No, I don't.
House : You've always liked monster trucks.