Nick : Honey, stop. Don't.
Audrey : Do you regret marrying me?
UNK: 94.2.
UNK: Sometimes.
Nick : Everybody wonders. Get me a heating blanket.
Audrey : Do you even love me?
UNK: Yes.
Nick : I don't know why.
UNK: Aud...
Nick : Wait. Let me...
Foreman : V-tach! Get me the paddles.
UNK: Clear.
Foreman : Echo says his heart is structurally fine,
Foreman : but his temperature is still dropping.
Foreman : He's headed for hypothermia.
Taub : I can't reach House. It just goes to voicemail.
Thirteen : Means we were wrong about infection.
Thirteen : His temperature's just going up and down
Thirteen : because something's playing with his thermostat.
Kutner : Which means the brain damage is spreading.
Foreman : What causes brain damage and nosebleed,
Foreman : and involves the lungs, heart, and kidneys?
Taub : Cancer. We could text him.
Foreman : It's not cancer.
Foreman : Normal PSA, normal blood smear, colonoscopy normal.
Foreman : Do a full body scan.
Kutner : House hates full body scans.
Foreman : House isn't here. House is right.
Taub : Everybody's got three or four meaningless anomalies
Taub : that'll come up on a scan. Chasing each one will take time we don't have.
Foreman : Feel free to send him an IM.
House : You told me you saw your brother once, after he disappeared.
UNK: Thirteen years ago.
Wilson : I used to go to Princeton whenever I could.
Wilson : I must have hit every homeless shelter in town.
Wilson : Then one day, I'm just sitting at this deli having a sandwich,
Wilson : I look out the window and there he is.
Wilson : He was gone by the time I got outside.
House : That's why you were so eager, when I told you there was a job in Princeton.
House : I thought it was just my charm.
Wilson : That's the team, shouldn't you answer?
UNK: They've already texted me to say they're doing something stupid.
Foreman : Small abdominal aneurysm.
UNK: Irrelevant. What else you got?
UNK: A cyst in the pleura around the lungs.
Thirteen : Also irrelevant. Couldn't cause any of the symptoms.
Foreman : There's a density in the liver,
Foreman : could be a vascular malformation.
Taub : If he's got multiple AVMs, screwed up blood flow would explain everything.
Foreman : We can only spot them with angiography.
Foreman : We'll have to do targeted scans with contrast, and then embolize each one.
Taub : Can we do that before he freezes?
Kutner : We'll find out.
House : The spell-correct on Kutner's phone has got a hair-trigger.
House : Either that, or the patient has a "cyclone"
UNK: in the "floral" of his lungs.
House : You took a walk in 45-degree weather and you left your coat behind.
Wilson : Go ahead.
House : I think you were punishing yourself.
House : I think you wanted to feel what it would be like to be homeless
House : in a New Jersey winter.
House : That tells me guilt.
House : That tells me something happened.
Wilson : The schizophrenia started when he was a teenager.
Wilson : When he was in college,
Wilson : he was on meds,
Wilson : but he'd still think a professor was out to get him because he got a B,
Wilson : or he would fight with his roommates because he never showered.
House : Where were you?
Wilson : Med school.
Wilson : He called me every day, talked for hours.
Wilson : I didn't have hours.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Later for that. Go on.
Wilson : I was tired of being the guy that everybody counted on.
Wilson : So one night Danny called...
Wilson : One night Danny called, crying, upset about something.
Wilson : I had to study for an exam. So I hung up.
Wilson : Took my things, I went to the library where I wouldn't have to hear the phone ring.
House : I wonder how that turned out.
Wilson : My mother called me the next day,
Wilson : Danny had run away and left his meds behind.
Wilson : Which I knew meant that he would never be able to choose to come back,
Wilson : because he'd be so detached from reality.
House : So you made your one effort to live a normal, selfish life,
House : and the universe immediately smacked you down.
House : And because we're wired to find meaning in semi-random events,
House : you decided never to be that careless again.
Marika : You don't think that's a little facile?
House : Actually, I don't. I think you did it consciously.
House : You developed your people pleasing talents
House : the way an Olympic athlete develops his muscles.
House : Talk about an overreaction to a single event.
Wilson : It was a pretty big event.
House : Hanging up the phone? That's what you're blaming all this on.
House : That's the behavior you've been trying to correct.
House : As though nothing else went wrong in your brother's life.
House : Of course he overreacted, too, but...