House : Is a Z-shot offensive or defensive?
Taub : It's both.
House : You suspected that was a trick question.
Taub : But I could have said neither.
Taub : Diabetes makes more sense.
House : We can narrow the testing down to 40 likely candidates.
House : Test for peripheral nerve damage.
Thirteen : He's got brain damage,
Thirteen : he's likely to have peripheral nerve damage no matter what the cause.
House : Yes, that's why we should not test him for it.
UNK: Test the daughter.
UNK: Kutner runs the nerve test.
UNK: Taub, you may be right about the diabetes.
UNK: Take supper away from our patient and run a glucose tolerance test.
UNK: Oh, and the nurses have been working so hard,
UNK: you can do the blood draws yourself.
Taub : They have to be done every couple of hours.
Taub : You're punishing me
Taub : because you're jealous that I'm spending time with your best friend.
House : That would be petty.
House : I'm punishing you because now you've joined my best friend in lying to me.
House : Let me know when you're ready to confess everything.
UNK: These can become either hot or cold.
Kutner : As soon as it starts to feel uncomfortable, I want you to tell me.
Marika : But you don't think there's something wrong with me.
Audrey : No, baby. They're testing you to help Daddy.
Kutner : Yes. What you're doing is very important.
Kutner : It's like the better you do,
Kutner : the better we know your dad is.
Thirteen : It's okay.
Kutner : I'll start with heat.
Audrey : I know it's not his fault.
Audrey : I know what he says is involuntary, but...
Audrey : It doesn't help.
Kutner : Inside he's still the same man.
UNK: Yeah, that's the problem.
Audrey : Apparently he's been thinking this stuff all along.
UNK: Whoever that same man is, it's not the person I thought I was married to.
Kutner : You okay?
Kutner : She should be feeling something by now.
Audrey : What does that mean? Is she sick too?
UNK: Marika?
UNK: Honey?
Kutner : You're burned, why didn't you tell me it started to hurt?
Marika : I wanted to help Daddy.
Marika : You said the better I do, the better Daddy has to be.
Nick : I'm sorry.
Nick : I'm starving.
Taub : It's the only way we can do the test.
Nick : Good thing it's you and not Dr. Hadley.
Nick : Could you keep her away from me?
Nick : I have a rich imaginative life.
Nick : I'd rather not share it.
Taub : We all have thoughts.
Nick : I know we all have sexual thoughts.
Nick : We have ignoble thoughts.
Nick : I just don't want those to be who I am to people.
Nick : Especially not to my wife.
Taub : I understand, I don't think it would be fair to define me by my passing thoughts.
Nick : My real choices are my actions.
Nick : And I've never done anything to hurt her, I've never cheated.
Nick : You're kidding me, you've cheated?
UNK: What?
UNK: No.
Taub : Why would you say that?
Nick : Because you look guilty as hell.
Taub : Are you serious?
Taub : Of course you're serious.
Nick : Yes, everyone knows.
Nick : God, they must think you're a creep.
Nick : They might not know, they might be idiots.
Nick : I just say these things.
Taub : Why'd you page me here?
House : I need you to update me on the patient's condition.
UNK: He seems to be dead.
Taub : Why'd you page me here?
House : I need you to update me on the patient's condition
House : while hitting this against the wall.
House : This is the only place we can do both.
Taub : I finished the last blood draw.
House : I expect the people who work for me to rise to a challenge.
House : Unless they don't expect to work for me.