Chase : I'm not a neurosurgeon.
House : Your boss is. You could assist,
House : I'm sure you'd like to add to your resume.
Chase : It's too near the brain stem. Nobody's going to touch it.
House : Your boss would. He's an egomaniac.
House : I know 'cause I keep seeing him at the club.
House : He just needs a little push.
House : I'm sure by now you've kissed his ass sufficiently.
House : Would you like me to phrase it as "you're politically gifted"?
UNK: I could do that.
Chase : You want me to help you?
Wilson : Tell me why.
House : Why what?
Chase : Why you care?
Chase : The puzzle's solved, the guy's alive.
Chase : And the odds of coming out of this surgery with that same status aren't that great.
House : My patient has a quality of life issue.
Chase : He says awful things. Hardly a medical condition.
House : When he leaves here, he's going to lose his family.
UNK: He's going to alienate the people he works with.
House : And if he ever finds a friend who's willing to put up with his crap,
House : he'll be lucky.
House : Until he drives them away, too.
Chase : I'll see what I can do.
House : You've apparently got this whole coat thing backwards.
Wilson : I may have overreacted.
House : You definitely overreacted.
Nick : I knew you'd meet me halfway.
UNK: But it made me think.
UNK: You only snap on one subject, losing people.
UNK: So I went back to the intel.
UNK: It's true there's only one doctor named Gonzalez at New York Mercy,
UNK: but there's a Javier Gonzalez who's a nurse in the psych ward.
UNK: Now who could you lose who'd end up there?
Wilson : Maybe the reason I don't always open up to you is because it's redundant.
House : Daniel Wilson.
UNK: Once you've got a name,
House : it's amazing how much stuff you can learn on the phone.
House : I mean, if you're a doctor and you lie freely.
House : They found your brother sleeping in the lobby of an office building in Manhattan.
UNK: He got aggressive when they asked him to leave,
House : and the cops took him to the Mercy psych ward.
UNK: There've been new anti-psychotics developed since he ran away.
Wilson : He's been on them for a couple of days. And by tonight,
Wilson : he should be in shape to talk to me.
House : But you're not sure if he wants to.
Wilson : I'll be in New York in a few hours, I guess I'll find out.
House : Why wouldn't you tell me this?
Wilson : House, you and I,
Wilson : we don't have the normal social contract.
Wilson : I don't expect you to tell me the lies that...
UNK: I'm fully capable of lying to you.
House : I've lied plenty of times.
Wilson : I mean collaborative lies.
Wilson : Giving someone a hand who maybe needs to deceive themselves, just a little.
Wilson : For two days, I've been thinking about
UNK: how Danny's going to react when he sees me.
Wilson : If I said that to anybody else, they'd say,
Wilson : "Don't worry, it'll all be all right."
Nick : You wouldn't.
House : Because it might all go horribly wrong.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : Yeah, it might.
House : In which case, you might want some company.
Foreman : Your heart's beating. First hurdle passed.
UNK: Now we need to know if you can breathe for yourself.
Audrey : Oh, thank God.
Taub : Now, do you know who you are?
Nick : Nick Greenwald, former S.O.B.
Elaine : Thank you.
Nick : Now I can go back to my beautiful life with my beautiful wife.
Nick : Maybe she'll stop whining and cut me some slack
Nick : now that I've risked my life.
UNK: It doesn't make sense. We removed the problem.
Taub : We removed the damage. Maybe we were wrong about the problem.
Nick : I need to believe we can get through this.
Foreman : Temperature's 94.5.
Audrey : Do you really think I'm stupid?
Nick : Honey, you're not stupid, you're just... Please don't do this.
Taub : Could be the effect of the surgery.
Audrey : Do you at least respect me, Nick?
Taub : What do you think of what I do for a living?
Nick : I think people who publicize important things
Nick : are people who can't do important things themselves.