Taub : Last blood draw was at 6 : 00 a.m.
UNK: His sugar levels never rose above 120 all night.
House : So the glucose was normal.
UNK: It means you were wrong about diabetes.
Taub : I still think it's the endocrine system,
Taub : maybe I just got the wrong gland.
House : You were going for thyroid instead of pancreas? It makes sense.
Taub : Fine! I'm not playing racquetball with Wilson!
Taub : I was never playing racquetball with Wilson!
UNK: I have never played racquetball with Wilson.
Taub : I thought it would be helpful if a department head owed me a favor,
Taub : but it's not worth this.
House : Not bad. You put on a good show.
House : You studied up, Wilson actually booked a court.
House : If you were really a racquetball player,
House : you'd know that you're holding a squash racquet.
House : Tell Kutner to do a thyroid reuptake scan,
UNK: then go grab a nap in one of the on-call rooms.
Kutner : We're taking you to do a thyroid reuptake scan.
Kutner : We think your... I'm not going anywhere until you explain
Nick : why my daughter has a bandage on her hand.
Nick : You just said you wanted to run some test.
UNK: If I'd known it would involve pain, I'd have said, "Hell no."
Kutner : It's a mild burn.
Kutner : Since Marika has a neurological disability, like you,
Kutner : we needed to make sure. She has no disability.
Audrey : Nick, you know about her problem with auditory processing.
Audrey : Auditory processing?
Nick : That's code, for "I can't stand thinking my daughter's not perfect."
Audrey : The therapist said Marika's test scores...
Nick : Were indeterminate.
Nick : She doesn't have a disability. She daydreams.
UNK: She gets below average marks in school because she's below average.
Nick : Every parent thinks their child is above average.
UNK: Nick! Do they have any idea
Nick : what the word average means?
Nick : Somebody has to be under it.
Audrey : Nick, shut up!
UNK: Honey.
Nick : I'm not saying you're stupid.
Nick : Your mother's not the sharpest crayon in the box,
Nick : and she does great.
UNK: See, this is why I told your mother to keep you at home.
Nick : Didn't want you here.
UNK: Marika.
Nick : Marika, wait.
Nick : Get her...
Kutner : You're burning up.
Kutner : Your lungs are full of fluid, we need to get it out.
Kutner : I need 200 milligrams of furosemide
Kutner : and two milligrams of morphine, stat.
Kutner : His temperature is 103. Infection.
Thirteen : The steroids must have forced it into the open.
Foreman : What kind of infection? It could be anything.
Foreman : Staph aureus, tuberculosis, strongyloides.
House : Go back to Phineas and get a history.
UNK: We got a history. He hasn't been out of the country.
House : Get a detailed history.
Kutner : No one at home is sick, no one at work is sick,
Kutner : there's no sign of ticks or mosquitoes.
House : Get a more detailed history.
House : Ask him again. And again, until he remembers something.
Nick : Not you. Kutner can do it.
UNK: You're going to be busy with something else.
Taub : I'm here to invite you to lunch.
UNK: Why?
Taub : I've been made. House sent me back to you as a double agent.
Nick : Anything wrong?
Kutner : Eyes are a little red.