Foreman : Infection's gone.
Foreman : The damage the infection did, you'll have to live with.
Audrey : You telling me you can't fix this?
UNK: There's got to be a way...
Kutner : We'd need to remove the damaged area in your cingulate gyrus,
Kutner : but it's too close to the brain stem to risk surgery.
UNK: You can't risk it?
UNK: But I could shop around,
UNK: and maybe some better doctors at a better hospital...
Foreman : The brain stem controls the body's involuntary systems.
Foreman : The slightest mistake could kill you.
Foreman : Even if you survive,
Foreman : you may never be able to breathe on your own again, you may never...
Nick : I get it.
Foreman : I know this seems like a lot to deal with right now,
Foreman : but people have adapted to living with all kinds of neurological deficits.
Kutner : Hey, at least we can promise you it won't get any worse.
Nick : Get the hell out of my room.
House : Your assistant said that you were out of the hospital taking a walk.
Wilson : Is there an emergency?
House : I don't know, is there?
House : You never take a walk unless you got something you need to think about.
Wilson : Maybe you just don't have a good statistical sampling of my walks.
House : The other thing you do when you need to think is you come to my office.
House : Apparently, this is something you can only discuss with Gonzalez at New York Mercy.
Wilson : Taub. Another graduate of the House School of Being a Dick.
House : Private dick.
Wilson : Look, I'd love to stay for the full inquisition, but I need some hot coffee.
House : Of course you need hot coffee, it's 45 degrees outside
House : and you left your coat upstairs. Why?
Wilson : You're going to tell me why I forgot my coat?
House : Once you get outside, the cold would have reminded you.
UNK: Could have gone back, but you didn't.
House : You chose to be uncomfortable.
House : Now why would someone choose that?
House : Because they hate themselves?
Wilson : Has it ever occurred to you that when I don't share something,
Wilson : it might not be meant as a challenge?
Wilson : It might just mean that I'd like there to be
Wilson : one molecule of my life that goes unexamined by Gregory House.
Nick : Nick Greenwald. I hear you're the guy in charge.
Nick : I'm the patient with the disinhibition.
House : If you're here to say thanks, you're welcome. Now go away.
Nick : I'm not thankful. I'm pissed.
UNK: Oh.
House : All the more reason to go away.
Nick : They're talking about sending me home.
Nick : To what? A life where I'll continually drive away anyone who might,
Nick : for a second, care about me?
House : Those are the breaks.
Nick : You could operate.
House : You could die.
Nick : So I'm either better or dead? I'm okay with that.
Nick : I've always been kind of an impatient guy.
Nick : But I've worked hard to keep my mouth shut.
Nick : I've made my wife happy. I've made my little girl happy.
Nick : I want that back.
Nick : Otherwise, it's no life.
House : I want you to remove a small problem.