Kutner : The sorting hat was going to put Harry in Slytherin, based on his nature.
Kutner : He refused, so he ended up in Gryffindor.
Kutner : Through choice.
House : There's damage somewhere in his brain. Go find it.
Thirteen : Are you sure you understand?
Nick : No, I'm lying. Except, I can't.
UNK: You ask me questions.
Nick : While I talk, you look at my brain activity to see where it's screwed up,
Nick : then you're gonna cut the screwed up part out to test it.
Nick : It's depressing, but it's not rocket science.
Foreman : I think he understands.
Nick : I don't mean to be abrasive.
Nick : Especially since you're such a pleasure to imagine naked.
Nick : Again, sorry. It's okay.
Nick : Thank you for understanding.
UNK: I'd do you, though.
Nick : Really, my apologies. This stuff just comes out.
Thirteen : It's okay. House paged?
Nick : Whoa. I would do her in a minute with fudge and a cherry on top.
Nick : Would someone please explain to this woman?
Nick : There's only so many apologies I can...
Thirteen : He has frontal lobe disinhibition.
UNK: I've already embarrassed myself with one doctor.
Nick : Whom I am at this moment
Nick : imagining with you in a king-sized bed with a mirror on the ceiling.
Nick : I am so, so sorry.
Nick : But if I couldn't have both of you together,
Nick : you would definitely be my first choice.
Cuddy : Where's House?
Nick : It's like trying not to think of an elephant.
Foreman : House isn't here.
Cuddy : He wouldn't have paged me
Cuddy : if he couldn't watch and enjoy the...
Nick : Your tush is like the pistons in a Ferrari.
House : You're welcome.
Cuddy : That was for my benefit?
House : You're 40 years old... Thirty eight.
UNK: ...and the administrator of a hospital.
Cuddy : Dean of medicine.
House : People don't get personal with you.
House : Except for me, and you dismiss me as a jerk who's jerking you around.
House : But that guy can only tell the truth.
House : And he prefers your body to that of a smoking young hottie.
Cuddy : So that was your way of saying I look good today?
House : You didn't get the slightest kick out of that?
Cuddy : Don't be ridiculous, House.
Foreman : I hope you know your pistons are second to none.
Thirteen : I'm okay. I'm not jealous of Cuddy's pistons.
Thirteen : Starting baseline activation.
Thirteen : You sure? You looked upset.
Thirteen : What he was saying was obnoxious.
Foreman : You've never been called attractive?
Thirteen : He didn't call me attractive, he cast me in his mental porno.
Foreman : That's what "attractive" means.
Foreman : It means "I'm attracted to you sexually."
UNK: "Attracted" can also mean, "I'm attracted to the whole package, to who you are."
Thirteen : Slight elevation at transaxial 60.
Foreman : It could.
Foreman : It never does. It's what women choose to hear, not what men say.
Thirteen : Actually, it's exactly what men say, if they have any brains.
Thirteen : All right, we have enough for a baseline.
Thirteen : What can we ask him that's indiscreet, but that he won't hate us for knowing?
Foreman : Nick, do you vote the same way as your wife?
Thirteen : Good. He's spiking at 30.
Nick : I secretly don't vote ever.
Nick : Your voice is no longer attractive to me with that note of disapproval.
Foreman : Look at that.
Foreman : There's a spot on the cingulate gyrus that's not lighting up.
Thirteen : We can't biopsy that, it's too close to the brain stem.
Foreman : Could be neurosarcoidosis. At least it's treatable.
Thirteen : So we give him steroids and if we're right,
Thirteen : we should start seeing his symptoms improve within half a day.
House : What are you looking at?
Foreman : I find your strong attachment to a working democracy to be extremely sexy.
Thirteen : You smooth talker.
Taub : Do you think my nose is too big?
Kutner : Relax. He also implied my bedside manner was a little off.
Kutner : You don't agree with that, right?
UNK: No.
Kutner : No one's ever mentioned your nose before?
Kutner : You're a plastic surgeon.
Taub : They tell me it suits my face. It does.
Taub : Maybe. Maybe that's just the social contract.