Castle : Well, if he kissed you, why wouldn't you just push him away?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Which is why he's not dead.
UNK: Yo, the front desk clerk from the hotel across the street
Esposito : positively identified Thomas Barber.
Esposito : Said he was staying under an assumed name.
Beckett : Any sign of him?
Esposito : No, but the phone records from his room
Esposito : show that he made several calls to a single number.
Esposito : You'll never guess who Barber was calling.
UNK: Ms. Paralti, some additional information has come to light
Beckett : since you were last here.
Castle : Like the fact that your father was in financial dire straits,
UNK: to the tune of $ 75,000.
Castle : He nearly lost the family farm. And then suddenly, he didn't.
Cindy : What does that have to do with anything?
Beckett : Well, it may explain why you did something you otherwise wouldn't.
Castle : Like turn over a lethal dose of neurotoxin
Castle : in exchange for the money to pay off that debt.
Cindy : I don't know what you're talking about.
Cindy : What's this?
UNK: The records of phone calls made by Thomas Barber, a contract killer.
Beckett : Phone calls that he made to you.
Cindy : Look, please, I didn't know he was gonna hurt anyone.
Cindy : He told me he was from a rival lab, that they wanted the patent first.
Cindy : I was mad at Eric, and I needed the money.
Castle : Where did you meet?
Cindy : We didn't. We talked on the phone,
Cindy : and I dropped the vial at a prearranged place.
Beckett : How did you get paid?
Cindy : He told me to set up an off-shore account.
UNK: The day after the drop, the money just appeared.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check it out. The money arrived via a wire transfer.
Ryan : With Cindy's cooperation, we were able to track it
Ryan : to a Mexican energy company called MexiSolar.
Beckett : I heard Eric talk about this.
Castle : What does a Mexican solar company have to do with Eric Vaughn?
Ryan : He owns it. In fact, the night that Arthur Felder was poisoned,
Ryan : he and Eric Vaughn were arranging a site visit to the company
Ryan : because Felder wanted to double up his investment.
Beckett : So whatever's going on, it has to involve this company.
Ryan : Yeah, but, Beckett, there's more.
Ryan : The person who authorized the wire transfer into Cindy's account
Ryan : was Eric Vaughn.
UNK: It looks like he's behind this whole thing.
Beckett : That can't be right.
Esposito : Yo, I just got off the phone with the consulate in Tijuana.
Esposito : This company, MexiSolar, it doesn't exist.
Esposito : They shut down the factory in Mexicali months ago.
UNK: What? This is making no sense.
UNK: Au contraire, my friends,
Castle : for the first time, this is making perfect sense.
Castle : MexiSolar is a scam.
Castle : Eric Vaughn's been using it to fleece his investors.
Beckett : Castle, Vaughn is worth a billion dollars.
UNK: He's not gonna be running scams.
Castle : Oh, Beckett, that's what they said about Bernie Madoff.
UNK: And like Madoff,
Castle : it's quite possible Vaughn's entire empire is a house of cards.
Castle : If Felder was going to visit the MexiSolar factory,
Castle : he'd have found out about the scam. The house of cards would collapse.
Castle : Eric Vaughn couldn't have that.
Castle : And what better way to get away with murder
UNK: than by making yourself look to be the intended target?
Castle : Don't you see? This entire thing is a charade.
Castle : He's our killer.
UNK: He played us. Well, mostly you.
Castle : Of all the confessions over all the years,
Castle : this one is going to hold a special place in my heart.
UNK: Castle, I'm going in there. Alone.
Castle : But we're a team. And the universe demands that I see him crumble.
Beckett : No. This one has to be about putting Vaughn away and nothing else.