Eric : Apologies to Novatech, and let's cancel the MexiSolar trip until summer.
Eric : Thanks, Petra.
Beckett : When were you last in contact with Jeff Sussman?
Eric : It's not Sussman.
Beckett : Well, you fired him and he was convicted of embezzling.
Beckett : That sounds like a suspect to me.
Eric : Look, the guy screwed up and paid for it.
Eric : But I set his mother up in an assisted living facility.
Eric : Jeff was very grateful. It's not him.
Beckett : Are you expecting anyone?
Eric : I took the liberty of ordering some room service.
UNK: Room Service Attendant : Good evening, ma'am. May I come in?
Beckett : Actually, no. Sorry.
UNK: Hey...
Beckett : Listen, given the way that Felder was killed,
Beckett : I would prefer if my people oversaw the food preparation.
Eric : May I at least grab the champagne?
Eric : It is sealed.
Beckett : Yeah. Okay, fine.
Eric : Excuse me. Here.
UNK: Ooh.
UNK: Room Service Attendant : Thank you, sir.
Beckett : I'll make sure that we get you some food up here.
UNK: That's okay. We have the essentials.
Eric : Pour you a glass?
Beckett : No, thank you. I'm on duty.
Eric : You take your work seriously.
Eric : I like that about you.
Eric : Makes me feel safe.
UNK: Oh! Oh!
UNK: Oh, my God! Are you...
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yes. I think you're gonna have to protect me from myself.
UNK: Okay. I'm gonna go and get you some ice, okay?
UNK: You know what, I'm glad Cory's dead.
Bruno : After what happened, the bloody Health Department shut me down.
UNK: I mean, if I'd known what he did, I'd have killed him myself.
Castle : Yeah, except we think whoever put him up to poisoning your food
Castle : was the one who killed him.
Castle : You want revenge, help us find his killer.
UNK: What do you wanna know?
Ryan : Did you notice anything unusual about Cory the day of the poisoning?
UNK: Yeah. The son of a bitch was late.
Castle : I'm sorry, that's it?
Bruno : You don't understand. No one's late. Ever.
Bruno : It's one of my rules. I should've fired him on the spot.
Esposito : Why didn't you?
Bruno : The look in his eyes.
UNK: It was like he'd seen a ghost.
Bruno : Something happened to him that day. Something bad.
UNK: Here. That should help with the swelling.
Eric : Yes. But not my pride.
Eric : You know, with your bedside manner, you could've been a doctor.
Beckett : Me? No. No. A lawyer maybe. I was in pre-law.
UNK: I could've represented you in your case against the cork.
Eric : But instead you became a cop. Why?
Beckett : Someone close to me was killed,
UNK: and that just changed things and changed me.
UNK: Mmm.
Eric : You know, I was supposed to be an architect.
Eric : No, seriously. But my sister died when I was in college.
Eric : Heart defect.
Eric : So I dropped out and invented a new heart valve.
Eric : That was my first patent.
Eric : It's amazing how fate changes lives, isn't it?
Beckett : I should get back to work.
Eric : At least have a glass of champagne.
Eric : I mean, I have suffered for it, after all.
Beckett : Okay, fine. You know what, if you put it that way.
UNK: But just half a glass, okay?
Eric : Go on. Three quarters.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : We talked to Cory Harrison's girlfriend.
Esposito : According to her, he was in a good mood
Esposito : when he left her apartment yesterday morning.
UNK: Then something must've happened between home and the restaurant.
Esposito : In fact, something did. We took a look at Cory's routine.
Esposito : Pretty much every morning, he left his apartment,
Esposito : picked up his daughter, took her to preschool,
Esposito : then he'd walk to the bus stop
UNK: where he'd catch the 10-X from Staten Island into the city.
Castle : Ah. Great, Captain, you're here. Did you tell her?
Esposito : I did tell her.
Castle : Good. This is the security video footage from the bus shelter yesterday.
UNK: - Show her the... Thank you. - Yeah.
Ryan : There's our busboy, Cory. Talking to some guy.
Castle : And that is the 10-X bus, but Cory does not get on.