Castle : He is late for work. He risks getting fired just to talk to this guy.
Gates : Well, what do we know about him?
Ryan : Nothing. We can't get a good look at him.
Ryan : It's like he knows where the camera is.
Castle : Right. But this is where it gets interesting. How do I...
Ryan : - That one. - That one.
Gates : Wait. That's the bottle of poison.
Castle : Right. And after he used it to poison the food,
Castle : I'm betting this guy came back and shot him to tie up loose ends.
Castle : He's your killer.
Eric : Look, I wish I could help you, but I simply just don't know him.
UNK: Ryan, we gotta go over that video again.
Beckett : There's gotta be something in it that will help us figure out who he is.
Server : Excuse me.
Castle : Looks as though you two were enjoying yourselves.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : What about pajamas? Homely flannel or skimpy sleep shorts?
Beckett : Oh, my gosh, you're sounding like my dad dropping me off at summer camp.
Castle : Did they serve champagne at your summer camp?
Beckett : I was being polite.
Beckett : Castle, do you think I want this? Do you think I asked to be here?
Castle : I think you're making the best of it.
Beckett : You know I would rather be with you.
Castle : Well, then maybe I should stay. We can protect him together.
Beckett : No, I am not letting you do this.
Beckett : I'm not letting you turn this investigation into some kind of a twisted competition.
Beckett : Look, don't make this harder than it needs to be. Please.
Castle : Okay. But only because you said please.
Esposito : Since we can't get a clean look at this guy's face,
Esposito : I'm hoping there's some other way we might be able to ID him.
UNK: Tech Agent Tory Ellis : Fortunately, we're all much more than our faces, Detective.
Esposito : Harrison's driver's license lists him at 5'10".
UNK: That other guy looks like he's 6'2".
Tory : Posture is an indication of spine curvature.
Tory : I'd say it puts him in his early 40s.
Tory : Watch his hand.
Tory : He makes two distinct movements. First, he grabs Mr. Harrison's arm,
Tory : then he passes him the poison spray.
UNK: He's left-handed.
Tory : And look at his neck.
Esposito : It's a bandage.
UNK: Maybe covering up a recent injury, or a tattoo.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, so I think I know how this guy got Cory to poison the food.
Esposito : Don't say money. I've been through his financials, there's nothing there.
Ryan : It might be something a lot more personal.
Ryan : I canvassed the preschool that Cory's daughter attends.
Ryan : A teacher recognized him when I showed her the screen grab.
UNK: Remembers seeing him hanging around the school the day before.
Esposito : So you think he threatened to hurt the daughter if Cory didn't poison the food?
UNK: It might explain why he was so upset when he got to the restaurant.
Esposito : Where are we on ballistics?
Ryan : Slug from the crime scene is pretty mangled,
Ryan : but it's a possible match to another one in the system.
Ryan : We should know more in a few hours.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Okay, Dad, the box said something about a soothing infusion
UNK: Alexis Castle : of calming herbs.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Anyway, it's a calm tea, and you need to calm down.
Castle : How am I supposed to calm down? It's Eric Vaughn.
Alexis : Dad, Beckett is over the moon for you.
Alexis : So give her a little credit, huh?
Alexis : It's no different than when she was protecting Senator Bracken.
Castle : Yeah, you're right.
UNK: Oh, except for the fact that when it was Bracken,
Castle : they weren't having a slumber party at a fancy hotel.
Castle : And let's face it, compared to Bracken, Eric Vaughn is like George Clooney.
UNK: Oh, no. Eric Vaughn's way sexier than Clooney.
Martha : What? He is.
Castle : Yes, and Beckett is protecting him at the Fairwyck as we speak.
UNK: Oops.
Alexis : I was just reminding Dad that Beckett is a professional
Alexis : and totally committed to their relationship.
UNK: Eh...
UNK: Well, not totally committed.
Esposito : What do you mean?
Martha : Well, there isn't a ring on her finger, is there?
UNK: I...
Martha : Technically, she's not really committed at all.
UNK: Ciao.
UNK: I'm gonna need more of that tea.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett, ballistics got multiple matches on the gun
Ryan : used in Cory Harrison's murder,
Ryan : connecting the weapon to four killings outside the state.
Beckett : Okay. So where were those other murders?
Ryan : Detroit, Chicago, Las Vegas and Memphis.
Esposito : There was never enough evidence, but a name did come up.
Beckett : - Who? - Thomas Barber, 42.
Ryan : Used to be a button man with links to organized crime in Chicago.
Ryan : According to his file, he's a freelancer now.
Ryan : I'll text you his photo.