Eric : Detective, whoever did this is still out there.
Eric : It wouldn't be crazy to assume they might try again.
Beckett : No. It wouldn't.
Beckett : Look, I can assign some uniformed officers to you,
UNK: but I think, until we figure out who's behind this,
Beckett : you might consider hiring private security.
Castle : And there you go.
Beckett : What is this?
Castle : - It's just me, not taking you for granted. - Oh.
UNK: So what did you talk about there, you and Vaughn?
Beckett : Oh, we were just going over the investigation,
Beckett : talking out the next few...
UNK: Wait a minute, is this... Are you... Is this you being jealous?
UNK: Jealous?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : The guy won a MacArthur Genius Award.
Castle : You know who they give those awards to?
Castle : Geniuses. Okay, he's got one company bringing clean water to Africa
Castle : and another one that might actually cure cancer.
Castle : So, yes, when you're in a room with him, alone, I'm a little jealous.
Castle : I saw how you looked at him.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh. Castle, it's Eric Vaughn.
Beckett : He was voted one of the hundred most interesting people on the planet.
UNK: Of course I'm gonna swoon a little.
Beckett : Just like you would if Bar Refaeli walked through the door.
Beckett : But it's meaningless.
Castle : Yeah. You're right. It's just... The guy's so impressive.
Beckett : But he's not you.
Beckett : Besides, the guy could get any woman he wants. He's not interested in me.
UNK: Right. Yeah.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Okay, I spoke with the Commissioner,
UNK: Victoria Gates : and he's agreed to provide Vaughn with a protective detail.
Beckett : Great. I actually have a few uniforms that I'd like to recommend for duty.
Gates : No. Mr. Vaughn has requested you.
Castle : He what now?
Beckett : Sir, I'm a homicide detective, not some bodyguard.
Gates : Trust me, I know. But this comes directly from the Commissioner.
Castle : Why doesn't Vaughn just hire a private army? He can afford that.
Gates : I don't know why, Mr. Castle.
Gates : I just know what my orders are.
Gates : He wants Detective Beckett, and only Beckett.
UNK: Can he even do that?
Beckett : I think he just did.
Esposito : Beckett's hanging with Vaughn? Oh, hell, yeah, you should be worried.
Esposito : His hit list includes half of Maxim's Hot 100.
Esposito : Oh, and unlike you,
Esposito : his helicopter doesn't need a remote control.
Ryan : Don't listen to him, Castle.
Ryan : Beckett's loyal to you. She's not gonna be seduced by his charms.
UNK: Really? So, you'd let Jenny hang with him, then?
Ryan : Hell, no. I wouldn't let Jenny near that guy.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : Okay, but I'm not worried.
UNK: I'm not, okay?
UNK: I just... I can't believe that the department is forcing her
Castle : to hang out with some womanizing rich guy against her will.
Ryan : Yeah, unbelievable.
Esposito : Yeah, she's never done that.
Castle : You know what we need to do?
Castle : We need to solve this case and fast, okay?
Castle : The sooner we catch this killer,
Castle : the sooner we get her away from Vaughn.
Castle : Where are we on that waiter vest we found in the alley?
UNK: CSU was checking for trace evidence.
Ryan : No fibers, and they couldn't pull any prints off the buttons.
UNK: No. Have them do it again. Whoever wore that vest is our killer.
Ryan : - I know. We have done this before. - Have you?
UNK: Castle, chill.
Esposito : We may have another lead.
Esposito : Uniforms picked up a homeless guy in the same alley
UNK: right where that vest was found. He may have seen something.
Castle : Well, then why aren't we talking to him?
Esposito : Because at the moment, he is stupid drunk.
Esposito : Seeing double.
UNK: We'll have a better chance of a description once he sobers up.
Castle : I'm on it.
Esposito : - What do you mean you're on it? - Where are you going?
UNK: Making the best damn cup of coffee he's ever had.
Beckett : This is a big mistake.
Beckett : The best way for me to keep you alive is to get out there
Beckett : and catch the guy that's behind this.
Eric : You underestimate yourself, Detective. I'm quite sure you can do both.
Beckett : And are you willing to bet your life on that?
Beckett : You don't even know me.
Eric : I know enough.
UNK: You graduated the top of your class.
Eric : You're the youngest woman in the history of the NYPD to make Detective.
Eric : You have the highest closure rate of anyone in the department.