Beckett : So, is this the same guy that we saw on the bus stop video?
Esposito : Yep, he's a match for height, age and placement of creepy neck tattoo.
Beckett : All right, put an APB out for him,
Beckett : and start checking plane and train manifests
Beckett : along with any other transportation systems into the city.
Beckett : And keep in mind, this guy is a gun for hire.
UNK: So, we find him, we're gonna find whoever put him up to this.
UNK: On it. Keep you posted.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : It's gonna be fine.
Eric : I know it is.
Eric : I've worked with the best and you'd run circles around any of them.
Eric : Before your first cup of coffee.
Eric : I feel completely safe in your care.
Beckett : After knowing me for just two days?
Eric : No, after knowing you for two minutes.
Beckett : So you think you've got me figured out, huh?
Eric : Except for one thing.
Eric : Are you and Castle...
UNK: Yes.
Eric : Is it serious?
Beckett : Yes. Yeah, you could say it's serious.
Eric : But the truth is, you don't really know. Otherwise you wouldn't have hesitated.
UNK: No, it's just we've never really talked about it, that's all.
Eric : Why not?
Beckett : We just haven't.
Eric : Then he's a fool.
Beckett : No, it's...
UNK: It's just that it's complicated.
Eric : Kate, there's nothing complicated about meeting a woman like you
Eric : and knowing what to do.
UNK: No!
Beckett : Get down!
Beckett : Okay, pack it up.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Beckett!
Beckett : Hey, Castle. I'm fine.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : All right, thanks, Captain.
Ryan : Vaughn's already back at the precinct.
Ryan : Gates wants to keep him there until we find a new safe house.
Beckett : Yeah, preferably one without windows that snipers can shoot through.
Ryan : Yeah, it looks like the shot came from the hotel across the street.
Ryan : Uniforms are canvassing for Barber, but so far, nothing.
Castle : I don't understand, how did he even know you and Vaughn were here?
Beckett : Well, maybe he's been watching us
Beckett : since Vaughn survived the attempt at the restaurant.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett, I hate to do this to you, but I need to take your statement.
Beckett : No, it's fine.
UNK: All right, where were you standing when the first shot came?
UNK: I was right over here.
Ryan : Okay. And where was Vaughn?
Beckett : Right there.
UNK: Lucas Shaw : Right here?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Why was he standing so close?
UNK: I don't understand. That would...
Castle : Wait a minute. If he was standing there,
Castle : then the bullet would have gone right through his head.
Castle : How did Barber miss?
Beckett : Well, before the first shot, Vaughn stumbled.
UNK: Stumbled. Kids and old people stumble. How did he stumble?
Beckett : I don't know, he just did.
UNK: So, he ate the wrong entree and avoided being poisoned,
Castle : and then he stumbled at just the right moment to avoid being shot
Castle : by an assassin through a window.
Castle : Nobody's that lucky.
Castle : What's going on here, Kate?
Beckett : He kissed me, okay, Castle?
Castle : He what?
Ryan : I think I have all I need here.
UNK: Look, I'm not gonna lie to you. We were talking about you,
Beckett : we were talking about relationships, and then he kissed me.
Beckett : But it didn't mean anything. At least not to me.