Eric : We'd been doing business for many years,
Eric : but we weren't close, I'm afraid.
Beckett : Any idea who would want him dead?
UNK: None. This whole thing is terrible.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Beckett.
Server : - Excuse me. - Of course.
Esposito : So normally only a handful of wait staff handle each entree,
UNK: but in this case it could've been somebody from the outside.
Esposito : There was a kitchen door propped open,
Esposito : and CSU found this waiter's vest stashed in the dumpster.
Beckett : Okay, have unis canvass the area,
UNK: and I'm gonna wanna interview all of the kitchen staff as well.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: What?
Castle : Looks as though Vaughn is on your list as well.
UNK: Oh. Things you notice when you're paying attention, Castle.
Cory : Yeah, I've been a busboy there for two years.
UNK: So, where were you at 8 : 20?
UNK: 8 : 20? I was at a back sink scraping dishes.
Ryan : All right. Did you happen to see anyone in the kitchen
Ryan : that you didn't recognize?
Cory : Yeah, you know, someone brushed past me.
Cory : I didn't get a good look, but I remember thinking that he wasn't familiar.
Ryan : Can you describe him?
Cory : Not really. He was short, dark hair maybe.
Cory : Things move fast in the kitchen,
Cory : so I only caught him out of the corner of my eye.
Ryan : Tell me about that back door. Is it always open?
Cory : - It shouldn't be. - Hey.
Esposito : Looks like our victim, Arthur Felder, wasn't the most fuzziest of guys.
Esposito : He made his fortune in hostile takeovers.
Esposito : Couple of weeks ago, he shut down a chemical plant in Newark
Esposito : and sold it off for parts.
Beckett : It says here that 200 people lost their jobs.
Esposito : Yeah, and according to his assistant,
Esposito : they got quite a few death threats after they announced the closing.
Castle : Corporate raider shutters a chemical plant
Castle : and ends up eating crow, or in this case poisoned squab.
Castle : It's poetic. Diabolically speaking.
Beckett : Okay, Castle and I will talk to Lanie
Beckett : and see if there's any connection between the poison and the plant.
Beckett : In the meantime, why don't you guys go through the list
Beckett : of people that made threats
Beckett : and see if anyone was in the vicinity of the restaurant.
Esposito : Right on.
Lanie : Sorry, it's not a match for any of the chemicals manufactured by that plant.
Castle : So what was he poisoned with?
Lanie : Something exotic enough not to show up
Lanie : on a chem and unknown toxin evaluation.
Lanie : I'm running further tests,
Lanie : but all I can say for sure is that it was some sort of paralyzing agent.
Lanie : Speaking of paralyzing agent, can I just say, Eric Vaughn!
Beckett : See, Castle? Look, he's on everybody's list.
Castle : Yes. Yes, he's quite impressive.
Beckett : And handsome.
Lanie : And don't forget rich. And that accent?
Lanie : - Ooh, honey. - I know!
UNK: All right! Okay.
Castle : I admit, all right, just as lesser men aspire to be me,
Castle : he's who the me's of the world aspire to be, okay?
UNK: But that is not gonna help us solve Arthur Felder's murder.
Castle : Finding out what he was poisoned with will.
Lanie : Well, I can tell you this.
Lanie : Whatever the poison was
Lanie : was chemically synthesized and incredibly fast-acting.
Lanie : The mushrooms he was eating never even made it to his stomach.
Castle : Thank you. Wait, mushrooms?
Castle : I saw the menu. The mushrooms were served with the quail, not the squab.
Beckett : You're right.
Beckett : But Ryan said that Felder had the squab.
UNK: Yeah, it's my handwriting, and it's right here on the ticket,
UNK: Lucas Shaw : Mr. Felder ordered the squab.
Beckett : Well, we have reason to believe that he actually ate the quail.
Castle : The poisoned quail, Lucas.
Castle : How did he end up with it?
UNK: Oh, no. I must've made a mistake.
Lucas : I'm still learning the spring menu and the quail with the mushrooms
UNK: looks a lot like the squab with the artichoke hearts.
Lucas : And Chef was screaming.
Beckett : So you mixed up the orders.
Lucas : Oh, God.
Beckett : Okay, if Felder ordered the squab, then who ordered the quail?
Lucas : Yeah, here it is.
Lucas : The quail was supposed to go to Eric Vaughn.
Castle : Felder wasn't the intended target.
Castle : They were trying to kill Vaughn.
Eric : You mean to say that poison was meant for me?
Beckett : It seems that way.
Eric : Good God. What am I gonna tell Arthur's wife?
Beckett : Mr. Vaughn...
Eric : Eric. Please.
UNK: Eric, I understand your concern,
Beckett : but right now I think we need to focus on you.
UNK: Do you know of anyone that would want you dead?
UNK: No.
Eric : But you don't get to where I am without making enemies.
Eric : When one of my innovations succeeds,
Eric : it often means that someone else's fails.
UNK: And being high profile, people tend to want things from me,
Eric : or get angry for things that I can't control.
Beckett : Well, it sounds like being Eric Vaughn has its price.
Eric : Don't get me wrong. I'm not complaining.
Eric : I'm sure you face much tougher situations every day.
Beckett : Well, you know, when someone is trying to kill you,
Beckett : I think that you have every right to complain.
Beckett : So, what about recently? Have you received any threats?
Eric : Not that I'm aware of.
Eric : But if my people don't think it's serious, they often don't bother to tell me.
Eric : My assistant, Petra, can get you the file.
UNK: We need as much background as she can give us.
Beckett : Disgruntled employees, angry competitors,
Beckett : lawsuits, things like that.
Eric : Whatever you need.