Beckett : Don't worry. He will crumble.
Castle : Leave the blinds open.
Eric : I'm not sure which I should be more disturbed about.
Eric : That someone tried to shoot my head off
Eric : or that you pushed me away when I kissed you.
Beckett : Yeah, let's talk about that,
Beckett : about these attempts on your life, about MexiSolar.
UNK: Arthur Felder : - MexiSolar? - Your company.
Beckett : The one that doesn't exist.
UNK: Of course it exists. I should know. I founded it and invested millions.
Beckett : Right. So did Arthur Felder. 30 million to be exact.
Beckett : And now it's all gone.
Eric : What is this? A joke?
Beckett : It's not a joke. That's MexiSolar.
Eric : No, no. This is crazy.
UNK: The company's completely solvent. Our factory is state-of-the-art.
Eric : I've seen cash flow reports, signed contracts.
Beckett : You mean, like these? They're fraudulent.
Eric : That's not possible.
Beckett : How is it not possible? You signed them.
UNK: Look, my staff give me dozens of documents to sign every day.
Beckett : It's your company.
UNK: Yes, but I don't oversee the day-to-day.
Beckett : Then who does?
David : That is quite a story, Detective.
Castle : Oh, it is. It's got everything.
Castle : Larceny, betrayal, murder, and you looting millions from MexiSolar.
Beckett : But since you had Eric Vaughn signing off on all of the reports,
Beckett : no one took a hard look at the company.
Castle : Until Arthur Felder wanted to see where his money was going.
Castle : You couldn't have that, could you?
Beckett : You think I killed Arthur Felder?
Beckett : Yes, but it was Vaughn that you wanted dead.
Beckett : You knew that the paper trail would make it look like
Beckett : he had embezzled money from the company.
Beckett : So you hired a hit man, except he killed the wrong guy.
UNK: Oops.
David : You have no proof of any of this.
Beckett : Don't be so sure.
Beckett : The bank that transferred the money to Cindy Paralti captured an IP address.
Beckett : And they traced it back to your computer.
Beckett : It's over, David.
David : Look, I didn't steal that money.
David : I just made some bets with it that underperformed.
David : And I took the new MexiSolar funding and I doubled down.
UNK: I mean, that's what Eric would've done.
UNK: But damn it, the hole just kept getting deeper and deeper.
UNK: It all would've come out and it would've meant prison.
David : I had no choice.
Eric : It's amazing how you can know someone for 10 years
UNK: and never really know them at all.
Eric : And know someone for a few days and feel like you know them so well.
Beckett : Well, you will be happy to know that the Feds caught Thomas Barber
Beckett : trying to cross the Canadian border, so it's over.
Eric : Yeah, I suppose it is.
Beckett : Take care, Eric.
Eric : You, too, Kate.
UNK: Leaving?
Eric : You know, that's an extraordinary woman you have there.
Beckett : I know.
Castle : Do you?
Beckett : What is it, Castle? I was really comfortable on that couch.
Castle : There's something I need to do. Something that you need to see.
UNK: Wait. No...
UNK: I didn't say that I never want you to play your game again.
Castle : No, I know. Don't worry, I have more cords.
Castle : This is just symbolic.
Castle : But you're right. I've been taking you for granted.
Castle : But no longer. Tonight, it's all about me.
Beckett : Shouldn't it be about me?
UNK: Nope, 'cause tonight it's all about me
Castle : giving you a romantic full-body massage.
UNK: Castle...
UNK: Yeah?
Beckett : Where are we going?
Castle : To the bedroom. Come on. You're gonna love this.