UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Police!
Castle : Over here.
UNK: Looks like someone got here first.
UNK: Ooh. Goose down allergy?
Ryan : I'll live, unlike Cory Harrison.
Ryan : Killer clearly used a pillow as a poor man's silencer.
Ryan : No sign of forced entry, either. Maybe he knew his killer.
UNK: He also knew what was coming.
Lanie : I found defensive wounds on Mr. Harrison's wrists.
UNK: But that's all I'm gonna find. Someone washed his hands with bleach.
Ryan : Disposing of DNA and trace evidence? Shooter sounds like a pro.
UNK: Yep. And I think I know why he was here.
Gates : The lab confirms it.
Gates : The bottle in Cory Harrison's apartment contains the toxin that killed Felder.
Castle : So someone was using him to spike Vaughn's food, and then got rid of him.
Beckett : Which means somewhere in Harrison's life, his family, financials, or work,
UNK: there's the key to whoever's behind all of this.
Castle : Maybe someone at the restaurant knew what he was up to.
Castle : - We should go back there. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: No, you and the boys can go back there, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Beckett's going to the Fairwyck Hotel.
UNK: What's at the Fairwyck?
Castle : Eric Vaughn.
Gates : As long as we have a killer running around,
Gates : I need him somewhere safe.
Gates : So, he booked the presidential suite.
Gates : And from now until the time we catch whoever's behind all this,
UNK: you're staying there with him.
Castle : In the presidential suite?
UNK: Uh, sir, are you serious? You want me to babysit this guy?
Gates : He's insisting. Apparently you made quite an impression.
Beckett : Sir, I...
Gates : Detective, I know how you feel,
Gates : but whoever killed that busboy was a pro,
Gates : which means he may strike again.
Gates : And I am not going to lose one of the world's most influential men
Gates : on my watch.
Castle : You know, it's one thing to follow him around,
Castle : but quite another to be shacking up with him.
Beckett : Castle, I am not shacking up with him. I'm just doing my job.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : You don't trust me.
Castle : Oh, no, of course I trust you.
Beckett : No, you don't.
Beckett : That's what this is all about, otherwise this wouldn't be an issue.
Eric : Shall we?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Coffee break at a time like this? Really, guys?
Esposito : What's your problem, bro?
UNK: Look, you need to call Jenny, and you need to call whoever it is you call,
Castle : because we are not going home until we solve this murder, all right?
Castle : Let's get to that restaurant and get some answers.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Seriously, guys, I mean it.
Beckett : Wow! This is the nicest safe house I've ever seen.
Eric : Well, if someone's trying to kill you,
Eric : you might as well make the most of it, eh?
Beckett : I should get to work.