Eric : And earlier this year, you bucked every protocol to save a Senator's life.
Eric : Do you have any idea how remarkable you are?
Eric : You don't, do you?
Eric : If anyone can keep me safe, it's you.
UNK: David Anderson : Good afternoon, Eric.
UNK: We've put extra security in place, but we have to talk about MexiSolar.
Eric : Detective Beckett, David Anderson, my attorney.
Eric : The Detective is looking after me,
Eric : so make sure she has everything she needs.
David : If he gives you any trouble,
David : we can put him on investor conference calls all day.
Beckett : I might take you up on that.
David : Eric, it's important to keep MexiSolar R and D moving.
UNK: Detective,
Petra : I put together summaries of our entire portfolio of companies per your request,
UNK: along with any complaints against them or Mr. Vaughn. Briefing in an hour?
Beckett : Yeah. That would be great. Thanks.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. What's up?
Lanie : Your cause of death.
UNK: The poison was a chemically synthesized weaponized agent,
Lanie : similar to the organic compound saxitoxin.
UNK: Saxitoxin?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. It usually occurs in shellfish, but not this version.
Lanie : Whoever created this had access to a pretty sophisticated lab.
Lanie : And this one's been supercharged.
Lanie : Speaking of supercharged,
Lanie : is it true that you're with Eric Vaughn?
Lanie : I mean, Kate, I know you love Castle and all, but, girlfriend...
Beckett : Bye, Lanie.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Hello there, Lanie. I'm Eric Vaughn.
UNK: Ah, and I think you're absolutely ravishing.
UNK: Saxitoxin?
Beckett : Yeah, are you familiar with it?
UNK: Well, the Vaughn Alliance partnered with a university lab
UNK: to develop a next generation antidote to that entire class of neurotoxins.
Beckett : And have you had troubles with anyone associated with the lab?
UNK: Cindy.
Beckett : Who's Cindy?
UNK: Cindy Paralti. She's our lead researcher.
Eric : A few months ago, we were presenting at a conference in Singapore,
Eric : we had a few drinks, and...
Beckett : And it ended badly, I get it.
Eric : Actually, it started badly.
UNK: She expressed some deep-seated feelings for me,
Eric : ones that I didn't share.
Eric : So when I declined, she took it hard.
UNK: He is being polite.
Petra : She went Fatal Attraction for a couple of weeks.
Beckett : And you still work with her?
Eric : She's a very talented researcher.
UNK: Detective, we're all misled by our hearts sometimes.
Eric : It shouldn't end a career.
Beckett : It shouldn't end a life either.
Beckett : So, where does Cindy live?
Neil : By the university labs in Lower Manhattan.
Beckett : So, in the city, near the restaurant.
Beckett : And with access to saxitoxin.
Cindy : I have a PhD in chemistry from MIT. Of course I've heard of saxitoxin.
Ryan : Pretty dangerous stuff, Cindy. You ever work with any of it?
UNK: We do. As do a lot of other labs.
UNK: Ms. Paralti, we understand that you and Eric Vaughn had a personal falling out.
Cindy : Yeah. So?
Ryan : So, any hard feelings?
Cindy : It was painful, but I got over it.
Beckett : Did you?
UNK: Because that hasn't been your pattern.
Esposito : You've had restraining orders filed against you by three ex-boyfriends.
Esposito : You've keyed cars, slashed tires.
UNK: It's straight out of a Carrie Underwood song.
Ryan : Yeah, but you know what Carrie Underwood never sang about?
Esposito : What's that?
Ryan : Using a chemically enhanced neurotoxin
Ryan : to poison a guy in a restaurant.
Ryan : See, Eric Vaughn, he survived,
Ryan : but one of the other people he was with wasn't so lucky.
Cindy : Someone tried to kill Eric?
Cindy : No. I would never.
UNK: Ms. Paralti, you had access to the toxin.
Ryan : Where were you last night, Cindy?
Cindy : At the opera. Madame Butterfly. You can check.
UNK: Richard Castle : I got something.
Castle : Okay, so after two cups of coffee, a latte and three espressos,
Castle : our homeless friend, Mr. Hazelton over there, finally sobered up.
Castle : He said he saw who stashed the vest in the dumpster.
UNK: Said the fella was dressed in a busboy uniform.
Esposito : Wait a minute. Are you saying it wasn't someone from the outside?
UNK: It was someone who worked at lago?
Castle : Right. So, I showed him photos of all the lago employees,