Rachel : ...in all different shapes. And if you give them a photo, they'll copy it in icing.
Monica : - Did you do a picture of Emma? - Yes. On a cake shaped like a bunny.
Ross : Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake...
Ross : ...erotic cakes?
Ross : Say, for bachelorette parties?
Rachel : Ross, what are you talking-? Oh, my God!
UNK: They put my baby's face on a penis!
UNK: Now it's a party!
UNK: Wait, you guys, this isn't funny.
Rachel : If I wanted this cake to be a disaster, I would have baked it myself!
UNK: Is it okay that I still think it looks delicious?
Judy : - Jack, look at this. - I know what you're thinking, Judy.
Jack : The resemblance is uncanny.
Ross : I am this close to tugging on my testicles again.
UNK: Ironically, that was the Maxim thing.
UNK: Rachel on The Phone : No, no, this is not what I ordered, okay?
UNK: Rachel on The Phone : I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake...
UNK: ...for my daughter's birthday. And I need a bunny cake right now!
Ross : Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis...
UNK: ...so we could put it on the bunny.
Ross : That is a weird sentence.
Rachel : Oh, believe you me, I am going to bring this cake back.
Rachel : I don't even want it in my home. Don't touch it!
Joey : I'm so confused!
Rachel : Yes, I still want my daughter's picture, but on a bunny cake!
Rachel : Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts!
Chandler : To be fair, this one does have nuts.
UNK: Mon, it was nice of you to loan RacheI your car...
UNK: - ... so she could get the cake. - It was nice of her to pull my hair...
Monica : ...till I dropped the key.
UNK: Well, while we're waiting, you could tape your message to Emma...
UNK: ...for her 18th birthday, huh? Okay?
Chandler : Hi, Emma. It's the year 2020.
Chandler : Are you still enjoying your nap?
Monica : We're Aunt Monica and Uncle Chandler, by the way.
Monica : You may not recognize us...
Monica : ...because we haven't spoken to your parents in 17 years.
Chandler : We used to be married.
Chandler : But then we missed a weekend away together, and things kind of unraveled...
Chandler : ...because of you.
Phoebe : - Happy birthday. - Thanks. Another good one.
UNK: I can't believe I taped over my Big Brother audition for this.
UNK: Ross, RacheI promised it would be over by now.
Monica : We seriously have to go if we want to get to Vermont.
UNK: - The last train leaves in a half-hour. - And I have a massage client soon.
Ross : You guys, just, please, a little bit longer.
UNK: I promise, RacheI will be back with the cake any minute.
Ross : Monica, remember the frosting, huh?
UNK: All right, five more minutes.
UNK: Hello?
Ross : Oh, no, what happened?
UNK: Okay, okay, where are you?
UNK: Okay, I'll be right there.
Chandler : Was that Emma? Is she up?
UNK: RacheI got pulled over for speeding.
UNK: She forgot her license. I have to bring it to her.
UNK: - If you're leaving, I'm definitely going. - Wait, if anybody gets to go, it's us!
Monica : We've been complaining the longest!
UNK: No, wait, you guys. No, you can't leave.
UNK: RacheI already feels bad that the cake's messed up.
UNK: How do you think she'll feeI when she comes back and you're gone?
Chandler : I don't know. You'll tell us on Monday.
UNK: Joey, you're in charge, okay? You make sure nobody leaves.
Rachel : Got it!
UNK: Hey! Where do you think you're going?
Chandler : To the bathroom.
Joey : Well, the rest of you get comfortable, because we are gonna be here for a-
UNK: - Wait, there's a window in there. - No! He's not getting away that easy!