Monica : You're gonna scream out, and that'll wake her up.
Chandler : I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica.
Joey : Hey, Pheebs? You know what?
Joey : I was thinking since you wrote a song...
Joey : ...maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents.
UNK: So you're gonna hit on her?
Joey : No, no, no. My talents as an actor.
Joey : You know, I could, like, maybe...
Joey : I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books.
Phoebe : Or you could stick a fork in an apple.
Joey : - Hey, I think Emma might like it. - Oh, Emma might like what?
Joey : - My present. - What did you get her?
Joey : - We prepared performances. - Separate performances.
UNK: But equally reaI.
UNK: That sounds like fun.
Rachel : People are getting a little antsy waiting for Emma to wake up from her nap.
Rachel : So would you mind performing them once now?
Phoebe : - Sure, yeah! - Okay.
UNK: Okay. All right. Everybody, let's get this party started.
Rachel : Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us.
Ross : Oh, great.
UNK: Aren't you gonna be embarrassed having nothing prepared?
Joey : I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting.
Rachel : So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us?
Joey : I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma's books.
UNK: Oh, okay. Which one?
UNK: Well, it's one of her favorites.
UNK: "Riding the Storm Out : Coping With Postpartum Depression. "
Joey : Love You Forever.
UNK: "Love You Forever, by Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly Books. Printed...
Joey : ...in Mexico.
Joey : A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him...
Joey : ...back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
Joey : And while she held him, she sang, 'I'II love you forever.
UNK: I'II like you for always. As long as I'm living...
UNK: ...my baby you'll be. "'
UNK: "And while he rocked her, he sang :
UNK: 'I'II love you forever. I'II like you for always.
Joey : As long as I'm living...
UNK: ...my baby you'll be. "'
UNK: Oh, wow!
Rachel : That was amazing.
Ross : Thank you so much for that gift.
UNK: Chandler nearly Weeping : I was not ready for this today.
Ross : - Amazing. Amazing. - Phoebe, I'm sorry.
Rachel : - Phoebe has prepared something as well. - That's right.
UNK: I prepared a song for Emma, from my heart to hers.
UNK: For there's no greater gift than the gift of music.
UNK: Emma Your name poses a dilemma
UNK: 'Cause not much else rhymes with "Emma "
Phoebe : Maybe the actor Richard Crenna He played the commanding officer in Rambo
Phoebe : Happy birthday, Emma
Rachel : Is that it?
Phoebe : No, of course not.
UNK: No, I've also, you know, prepared a reading.
UNK: "Sex and the Single Mother. "
UNK: - "Finding your G-spot. " - Oh, no, no, no!
UNK: Hello, Emma. Happy 18th birthday.
Jack : Right now, that seems so far away, 17 years.
UNK: Yes. You'll be all grown up by then, and we'll be...
Judy : Well, your grandfather and I might not be here.
UNK: That's true. This message could be coming to you...
Jack : ...from beyond the grave, Emma.
Judy : - After all, my parents died very young. - And my cholesteroI's off the charts.
Judy : Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too.
UNK: Okay, cut! Great. Great. That was just...
Ross : - Yeah. - Oh, good.
UNK: Ross, don't forget to get a shot of Emma's cake.
UNK: - It's in a box in the fridge. - Okay, sure.
Rachel : You're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Carino's.
Monica : Oh, my God, that place has the creamiest frosting!
UNK: I used to hitchhike there when I was a kid.
Rachel : Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes...