UNK: Mr. Hadley : It's gonna be okay.
Taub : Any shortness of breath? Tightness in your chest?
Emmy : Feeling pretty good, actually.
Kutner : Not even breathing hard.
UNK: O2 sats and lung capacity are still well within range.
Taub : Cuff's slipping down, you wanna stop for a moment?
Emmy : Rather not. Haven't had any exercise in two days.
Taub : Take it you don't get a lot of fat in your diet.
Emmy : I take it from your tone you think that's a bad thing.
Taub : Do you ever indulge?
Emmy : There's more to life than indulging your every whim.
UNK: I didn't say "every." But a whim every now and then can make life a little...
Emmy : You okay? Trouble breathing?
Emmy : No, I feel fine. Why?
Taub : No pulse. This isn't asthma.
UNK: There are a lot of other people in the trial?
Foreman : I'm taking over the people that already started it at Mercy, so I'm pretty full.
UNK: Stop.
Foreman : One more time. No talking.
Thirteen : I shouldn't be here. It's nepotism.
Thirteen : I know the guy running the drug trial, so I get a spot.
Foreman : You have Huntington's, so you get a spot. Stop.
Foreman : One more time. Just the fingers, no mouth.
Thirteen : The point of this thing is to improve neural cell longevity,
Thirteen : which doesn't matter much before symptoms,
Thirteen : so you should give my spot to someone...
Foreman : Shut up.
UNK: Stop.
Foreman : You can stop feeling guilty.
Foreman : Your best tapping rate was.004 taps per millisecond.
Foreman : Means your nerves have started degenerating.
UNK: You want to work in here? Fine. Me, too.
House : We'll split the desk 50-50. That side's yours, this side's mine.
Cuddy : You're right.
Cuddy : There's plenty of space here, neither one of us needs all of it.
House : That's your strategy? Taking the high road? It's not going to work.
Cuddy : Huh? Did you say something?
Cuddy : I couldn't hear you from all the way over here on my side of the desk.
UNK: Patient's heart stopped.
Kutner : We shocked her back to sinus rhythm, she's stable.
Kutner : Test didn't set it off, her EKG was normal.
House : Well, she's consistent.
House : Lung problems have nothing to do with her lungs,
House : heart problem that has nothing to do with her heart.
House : Something is strangling her system.
Kutner : Carcinoid tumor.
House : Find it, cut it out.
Kutner : Can a leaking breast implant cause joint pain?
Taub : No, and she clearly doesn't have implants. Or joint pain. What's going on?
Kutner : Got another patient.
Kutner : I set up an online second opinion clinic.
Kutner : People who don't like or trust their doctors e-mail symptoms,
Kutner : I can knock off four or five cases over lunch, clear two grand by e-mailing them back.
Kutner : Ascending colon's clean.
UNK: That's gotta be illegal.
Kutner : Only in nine states, and this isn't one of them.
Kutner : Legal notice spells out it doesn't replace doctor's visits,
Kutner : so there's no opportunity for malpractice.
Taub : How come you haven't said anything about this?
Kutner : It's no big secret. I guess I'm just not very chatty.
Kutner : Small intestine looks clean, moving into the pylorus.
Taub : So you don't mind if I tell House?
Kutner : Actually, House may sort of mind. Because I sort of set it up in House's name.