Emmy : You were so hard on me about lying.
Emmy : How about you take some of your own advice and tell me the truth?
Emmy : What's next on the list?
Taub : Prion disease.
Emmy : And if that's what I got? How bad?
Taub : There are a few treatments. But there's no guarantee.
Taub : I'm sorry.
Emmy : And you won't let me have a piece of cake?
Taub : Where's Cuddy?
Taub : It's not CNS lymphoma.
House : I know.
Taub : She's getting worse, you want me to find Cuddy
Taub : and get her approval for the brain biopsy?
House : When you were philandering with impunity, how did that feel?
Taub : Superficially, I loved it, but deep down I think I was miserable.
Taub : Why? What's going on?
House : You weren't miserable.
House : You gave something away to make a relationship work,
UNK: you rationalized that you're getting something back.
Taub : Okay. I'm gonna go get Cuddy's approval for the brain biopsy.
UNK: Leave them there. I'm gonna do the biopsy myself.
Taub : Cuddy wanted us to eliminate seven different things.
House : Cuddy doesn't always get what she wants.
Taub : Bad idea to get into a power play with somebody who has the power.
House : You're fired. Just reinforcing your point.
Taub : Whatever personal drama you're playing out, you'd be a lot smarter to...
UNK: I thought you said she was sick.
House : Sick people don't spontaneously get better.
Thirteen : Yes, they do, it's called an immune system.
House : Sick people who are sick enough to make it to me
House : don't spontaneously get better.
House : Not as pithy, but yeah, technically more accurate.
House : What's the last thing you gave her?
UNK: I took her for a MRI looking for...
House : MRIs detect, they don't treat.
House : What did you give her after the MRI?
Taub : I didn't give her anything, she got depressed at the lack of direction.
Taub : We went to the cafeteria for some chocolate cake,
Taub : took her to her room, hung a banana bag, let her rest.
House : You gave her cake?
Taub : She asked for it, I figured...
House : You figured you'd let me play 20 questions instead of just telling me.
House : Feeling crappy again? I've brought your cure.
House : I'd give you an IV of the stuff,
House : but the frosting tends to get stuck in the little tube.
Emmy : Is this a joke?
House : It's not a joke, not a lie, not an attempt to defraud in any way.
UNK: Just an actual licensed physician with an actual diagnosis.
House : Hereditary coproporphyria.
House : Your face is genetically blessed, your body chemistry is slightly less so,
House : doesn't make enough of a certain enzyme that I can't pronounce,
House : but it's apparently important for your liver and everything else.
House : Treatment is a high-carb diet, rich in sugar.
House : When you were a porker, you were self-medicating.
Emmy : So this is treatable?
Taub : We just have to reverse your gastric bypass
Taub : and get you back on a high-carb, glucose enriched diet.
Emmy : The best you you can be is a lot more you.
House : Open the hangar, here comes the plane.
Emmy : There's nothing else you can try?
Taub : No. There's a drug that manages the symptoms but it's not a cure.
Emmy : Let's try that.
Taub : You don't want to have the surgery?
UNK: Understand.
House : There's not many people who have the guts to admit they'd rather be pretty than healthy.
House : Income's better and you get more action.
UNK: We'll start you on your drug treatment right away.