UNK: Deedee? Can you stop singing?
Cameron : Musical automatism, she could be having a partial seizure right now.
Cameron : You need to get House.
UNK: Deedee!
Cameron : Yelling at her is not gonna be an effective treatment.
Kutner : She's faking. It's a cry for attention.
Cameron : Her brain could be misfiring.
Kutner : Right, a rare neurological disorder is far more likely than a cry for attention.
Kutner : I mean, nothing about this woman screams "look at me."
Cameron : On the other hand, look at her.
Cameron : She needs a full neurological work-up. Get House.
Emmy : Ultimate irony. I killed myself trying to make myself healthy.
Taub : You're not dying, okay? This disease is manageable.
Emmy : Better start getting used to that wheelchair.
Emmy : Self-pity doesn't suit you.
Emmy : Just take me down to the...
Taub : No. You're strong enough to walk.
Taub : Come on, get your ass out of bed and walk.
Kutner : Could be an aneurysm, we've got to control her blood pressure,
Kutner : start her on a calcium channel blocker.
Chase : Or you could tell House.
Kutner : I can't tell House.
Cameron : You'll be in trouble.
Cameron : On the other hand, she's sick.
Kutner : She's singing.
Chase : And bleeding out of her ears and losing her hair.
Chase : And an aneurysm doesn't explain her joint pain.
Kutner : Wilson's disease does.
Cameron : No Kayser-Fleischer rings.
UNK: Anorexia.
Chase : Now you're just desperate.
Kutner : Biliary tumor causing paraneoplastic syndrome.
Chase : That might actually fit. I'll scan to confirm.
Kutner : You'd do that for me? You don't have the time.
Chase : Which means I can ask for 25% of your income and you'll give it to me.
Wilson : You going over the fence?
UNK: It took three visits, but I finally convinced the contractor
House : that I'm Cuddy's boss and all the office renovation plans need to go through me.
Wilson : You did do the math on this, right?
Wilson : Screwing with her office means her renovations will take longer,
Wilson : means she'll be in your office longer.
House : See there? I'm having a bidet put in instead of a toilet.
House : Not in addition to, instead of.
House : You want to know what happened to the old toilet?
Wilson : She'll be with you where you claim to not want her.
House : I smashed it with a sledgehammer.
Wilson : I think in some ancient cultures
Wilson : that was actually considered a proposal of marriage.
House : Is this fun for you? Analyzing everyone else's fun away?
Wilson : Ask her out, it'll cost the hospital a lot less.
Taub : I brought some visitors. Cheer you up.
Taub : It's okay, come on in, guys.
Irv : We're all staying on your plan. Nobody's cheating.
Emmy : That's great. You're on my arm.
Irv : We found out about your gastric bypass. How could you lie to us like that?
Emmy : The doctors told you? You're really hurting my arm.
Irv : You're not the best you you can be.
Irv : You're a fraud. You're a self-hating fat person.