UNK: You're really hurting me.
Irv : Feel the burn.
UNK: Other Visitors : Burn. Burn.
UNK: Help. Help!
UNK: Burn. Burn! Burn!
UNK: Burn! Burn! Burn! Burn! Burn! Help!
Emmy : Get off of me! Get off of me! Get off of me!
Taub : Mood congruent hallucinations.
Kutner : Means it's not Guillain-Barré.
Thirteen : Which means whatever it is, it's now in her brain.
House : Where are you going?
Thirteen : Sorry. Treatment.
House : Does Foreman schedule your appointments by numbers on the clock,
House : or just by when I'm in the middle of something?
Thirteen : Sorry if I'm dying at a bad time for you. Could be CNS lymphoma.
House : So losing the 200 pounds was just a coincidence?
Taub : What about a prion disease?
House : If her brain is slowly turning into a Swiss cheese,
House : there's not a lot we can do.
Taub : There are some possible treatments.
House : Get a brain biopsy to confirm.
Cuddy : You are not cutting into this woman's brain before you test.
House : That is the test.
Cuddy : Not for CNS lymphoma,
Cuddy : which is a perfectly legitimate diagnosis, one you can test for non-invasively.
House : You're, obviously, not opposed to being invasive.
Cuddy : Rule out CNS lymphoma first, then rule out astrocytoma,
Cuddy : then rule out other brain tumors...
House : I hereby declare them ruled out.
Cudddy : Run the tests.
Cudddy : You can do a brain biopsy, but only as a last resort.
House : Start running down Cuddy's list of "Diseases it's not."
House : You're not stopping me for medical reasons.
House : You're stopping me because you have the hots for me.
Cuddy : You're still here because you have the hots for me.
House : Evidenced by the fact that I'm the one who moved into your office.
Cuddy : It's the biggest office. And I'm not the one that...
House : Why are you dressed like that? Why do you try so hard to get my attention?
House : Are you screwing with me?
House : Are you screwing with me?
House : Depends on your answer.
Cuddy : Everybody knows this is going somewhere.
Cuddy : I think we're supposed to kiss now.
House : We already did that.
House : Seemed like the logical next step.
UNK: Really?
Cuddy : I'm an idiot for being surprised.
House : Can you leave these?
Thirteen : I'll keep coming. But can you change my appointment time?
Foreman : Can't. Schedule's full.
Foreman : You're stuck with her, might as well get to know her.