Emmy : You feel that?
Emmy : What does that mean?
UNK: The numbness in her left foot is ascending into her leg.
UNK: How'd she manage to sneak out for a run?
Kutner : She said she needed to use the bathroom.
House : You two get the results of the sleep apnea test,
House : or did those need to use the bathroom, too?
Kutner : Alpha waves on the EEG ruled it out.
Cuddy : I was mixing some hydrogen sulphide for good and valid reasons
UNK: and must have spilled some on my side.
Cuddy : Did it waft over to your side?
House : Cunning plan.
House : You do realize it's going to stink for hours, on both sides.
Cuddy : Oh! Would you look at the time?
Cuddy : I hope your patient isn't still sick, forcing you to stay here all night.
Thirteen : Ascending numbness means her nerves are breaking down.
Taub : Or her brain.
House : Or both.
Foreman : We've gotta go. Let me finish, I'll meet you down there.
Foreman : You were 15 minutes late yesterday. I don't want you to develop bad habits.
Thirteen : Appreciate the life lesson,
Thirteen : but 15 minutes, give or take, isn't going to make a difference.
Thirteen : Get started on your other patients, I'll be down there when we're done here.
House : Way to know where your bread is buttered, sister. Up high.
Thirteen : If the problem is in her brain, it could be MS.
Kutner : Or early onset Parkinson's.
Taub : But if it's her nerves, it could be transverse myelitis.
House : Or a million other things.
House : We're gonna stay in the dark until we can figure out
House : if her electrical problem is in her power station or in the high tension wires.
House : Power station's the brain, wires are the nerves. Run an NCV test.
Taub : The test will measure the amount of time it will take
Taub : this electrical impulse to travel along your nerves.
Emmy : Will it hurt? No. Give me your arm.
Emmy : You can ask nicely.
UNK: I learned in med school, you don't actually cure with kindness.
Cuddy : You're right, I'm a hypocrite.
Emmy : But I don't have a choice.
Taub : Not really interested in your rationalizations.
Emmy : If I'm open about the gastric bypass, no one would listen to me anymore.
Taub : You mean no one would buy your DVDs.
Emmy : It's not about the DVD sales. I'm helping people.
Emmy : My clients are making themselves healthy. They're living better lives.
Emmy : Can you honestly tell me you've never done anything hypocritical?
Emmy : I'm sure you had good reasons.
Taub : Give me your arm, please.
Taub : Keep your arm raised.
Emmy : Does this mean something is wrong with my nerves?
Taub : No. It's your muscles.
Taub : We don't need to run this test. It's not what we thought.
Taub : She has muscle weakness, could indicate myasthenia gravis.
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : Also could be some kind of toxin.
Cuddy : Excuse me. Are you going up to the personnel floors?
Deedee : I'm going to see Dr. House.
Taub : Do you have an appointment with him?
Deedee : We've been emailing.