Kutner : You said forget the bypass... Shh.
House : Dr. Thirteen has the floor.
Thirteen : Bypass could create malabsorption issues, leads to low potassium.
House : Very stupid. Her potassium is fine.
Kutner : But her intestines aren't.
Kutner : Gastric bypass could cause malabsorption by creating a blind loop of bowel.
Kutner : It ulcerates during exercise, bacteria get loose in the blood stream,
Kutner : migrate to the heart and lungs.
House : Very not stupid.
House : Bacteria in the bowels means there's bacteria in the poop.
House : Get some and test it.
UNK: He could have come up with SIBO anywhere else in the hospital.
Foreman : You didn't need to come down here and screw with us.
House : But her wrong idea led to his right one. It was a vital screwing.
Taub : We think your surgery might have caused an infection called SIBO.
UNK: A stool test will help us to confirm. Put some of what you're full of in here.
Emmy : If surgery could somehow make you taller, wouldn't you do it?
Taub : Sure, but I wouldn't call a meeting of the Lollipop Guild
Taub : and tell them they can grow if they work real hard at it.
Emmy : I don't tell anyone not to get gastric bypass.
Emmy : I tell them how to get healthy, how to improve their lives.
Taub : Yeah, by telling them to do what you were unwilling to.
Emmy : I was willing to do anything.
Emmy : Thyroid hormones, crash diets, none of it worked.
Emmy : My body was like a prison.
Emmy : When I got the surgery, I got healthy and when I got healthy, I got happy.
Taub : I'm not sure you're happy.
Taub : But if you are, being healthy didn't do it, being pretty did.
Taub : Poop in the bedpan.
Wilson : House's office? Really?
Cuddy : Did he send you here to beg for it back?
Wilson : There are dozens of other doctors...
Cuddy : Other doctors actually use their offices for crazy stuff like seeing patients,
Cuddy : not throwing a ball against the wall and calling it work.
Wilson : It's his process. That ball saves lives.
Cuddy : Did he give you talking points?
Wilson : Yeah, but I added one of my own.
Wilson : Don't take his office and pretend like all you're doing is taking his office.
Wilson : You chose his room because you want to be there.
Wilson : But sitting near him and hoping isn't going to get it done.
Cuddy : Leave here now or I'll take your office.
Wilson : No, you won't.
Kutner : The boob lady e-mailed me again, complaining of chronic fatigue now.
Kutner : She's convinced the implants are responsible.
Taub : They're not. I told her.
Kutner : She says something is and if I don't find out what
Kutner : she's gonna complain to the Licensing Board.
Kutner : It's not funny. It is.
Taub : You just can't appreciate it because it's going to destroy your career.
House : What happened? Did he call Foreman clean and articulate again?
House : It is surprising.
Taub : Clinic patient's just whining.
House : What's the poop?
UNK: It's going to take about an hour to spin down the sample.
House : What are we looking for?
Kutner : You don't know?
House : I'm doing my famous Socrates impression. Think I really nailed the accent.
Taub : High fat content indicates SIBO.
House : And what does fat do in water?
Kutner : It floats.
UNK: And what else floats in water?
UNK: The correct answer is a duck.
UNK: If it doesn't float, Kutner missed the boat.
House : Looks like I was wrong to dismiss apnea.
House : You guys can stay up all night gloating in the sleep lab.
Kutner : What about all that scar tissue around the implant, could that be...
Taub : That amount of encapsulation is perfectly normal.
Kutner : I gotta tell her something.
Taub : Tell her to find a decent plastic surgeon who can correct the placement...
Kutner : Yeah, that's what she wants to hear, she's sick and she's lopsided.
Taub : Tell her it's a virus. It probably is, and it'll get her off your back for a few...
Taub : Emmy's EEG is flat-lining.
Kutner : Where would she have gone?
Emmy : Hey, I looked for you guys in the control room, but you seemed busy.
UNK: Get off of there, last time you exercised you had a cardiac incident.
Emmy : I feel fine. You felt fine last time.
UNK: I only slept a couple of hours but I feel great.
Emmy : Can I get one of those machines?
Kutner : You're running on a broken ankle.
Emmy : It doesn't hurt.
Taub : And your leg is bleeding.