Wilson : and not worry about the consequences.
House : Yeah, it's worked out great for me.
Keener : I don't mean to be rude,
Keener : but I'm expecting a notes call from LA. Can we make this quick?
Chase : Did Jordan come to your room the other night?
Cameron : Let me put it another way. We know Jordan came to your room the other night.
Keener : Look, I've tried to be helpful.
Keener : I don't know why you want to pretend I'm lying to you,
Keener : but this is getting too weird for me.
Cameron : We need to search your room.
Keener : You don't, because she was never here.
Chase : Allison, calm down.
Cameron : You would cover your ass at the expense of someone's life?
Cameron : We know she brought up your journal.
Chase : That was helpful.
Chase : He'd be crazy to risk his marriage for a one-night stand. With a teenager.
Cameron : Sensible people only risk their marriage for something more serious?
Chase : I'm not having an affair.
Cameron : We're talking about Keener.
UNK: Fine.
Chase : He doesn't care about his marriage, what about his career?
Chase : Statutory rape would ruin it.
Cameron : It's admitting statutory rape that could ruin it.
Cameron : Which is why we'll never hear the truth out of him.
UNK: Roofies OD explains all her symptoms.
Cameron : We should start treating her with flumazenil.
Wilson : Isn't the MRSA panel going on?
Cuddy : We got kicked out. She started crying.
Wilson : Yeah, well, discussions of urinary catheterization will do that to me, too.
Cuddy : The babysitter had an emergency.
UNK: Oh, how did you like '80s Night?
Cuddy : House talked with you?
Wilson : I was being subtle about it. You left suddenly.
Wilson : I know House can be a little much sometimes.
Cuddy : He was sweet. I just know better than to rely on that.
Wilson : He's trying.
Cuddy : Yeah. I know.
Cuddy : I'm a mother now. I need a guy I can count on every single day.
Cuddy : That's never been House.
UNK: It's not roofies. She's bleeding behind her kidneys.
Foreman : We're transfusing another two units packed red cells,
Foreman : but she keeps springing leaks.
Cameron : It looks like a toxic reaction.
Cameron : Keener must have given her something.
Chase : The guy's a comic book writer, not a drug dealer.
Cameron : There's a lot that wouldn't show up on a standard tox screen.
Cameron : But he's never gonna tell us the truth.
UNK: We're not going to get the truth out of her either.
Cameron : We will if we drug her.
Cameron : Amobarbital would suppress her thalamus.
Foreman : She's on antiarrhythmics. Amobarbital could stop her heart.
Cameron : She's already dying.
Chase : You're angry at me.
Chase : You're taking it out on this guy 'cause you think he's lying to you, too,
UNK: and you're going to kill our patient in the process.
Cameron : We need to know the truth.
Chase : We should call House.
Foreman : Yeah, he'll recommend we take the cautious approach.
UNK: Pretzel?
Wilson : Those are gonna show up on my credit card at seven bucks a bag.
Wilson : There's an all-you-can- eat buffet downstairs.
House : Studies show that $10 wine tastes better if you're told that it costs $90.
House : I'm sure the same thing must be true of grape soda.
House : Have one.
House : We can toast your impending unemployment.
Wilson : Yes, you can sit here running up my hotel bill,
Wilson : or you can go get the woman of your dreams.
House : I didn't know Angela Merkel was attending the conference.
Wilson : I just spoke with Cuddy. She doesn't think you're reliable.
Wilson : And you will remain friend-zoned until that changes.
House : I can't convince her that I've changed my entire personality in a weekend.
Wilson : Yeah, but you could make the first step.
House : What does she need?
Wilson : Today, a babysitter.
Chase : What are you thinking about?
UNK: Fjords.
Wilson : You see? Seriously, I know this is out of your comfort zone,
Wilson : but don't scheme, don't... Just do the deed...