House : Foreman expects me to read an x-ray on this itty-bitty screen.
House : He should have e-mailed me a larger phone.
House : Why are you packing?
Wilson : We're leaving this afternoon for the conference
Wilson : on pharmacology and public policy.
UNK: We? We discussed this.
Wilson : It's been on your calendar for weeks.
House : So has Ramadan.
Wilson : Think of it as a vacation. Nice, healthy Adirondack air.
Wilson : Or not, I don't care. You're coming with.
House : You should come with me. State Pillow-Fighting Championships.
House : Dollar beers, wet t-shirts.
House : In the words of the philosopher Eddie Money,
UNK: "I've got two tickets to paradise."
Wilson : House, when you moved in, I promised your therapist I'd be here for you.
Wilson : I can't be here if I'm there, unless you're there, too.
Wilson : So it's not a discussion.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: I'll let Foreman know that the 16-year-old patient with the severe edema can wait.
UNK: Relax, I got no idea what's wrong with her, so odds are not fatal.
House : Still not going.
House : She's got rhabdo.
House : Who wants to come to the Pillow-Fighting Championships?
House : Rutgers has got a great team this year.
House : So glad their anchor didn't turn pro.
UNK: Sixteen-year-old girl suddenly has the joints of an 80-year-old.
UNK: You think we can discuss this for a second?
House : It's rhabdo.
House : Patient gave you the answer.
House : She fell down and went boom.
House : We have to leave in an hour, so should we eenie meenie?
UNK: The fall would explain the lower leg damage, but not the swollen hands.
House : Hard landing caused crushed muscles,
UNK: crushed muscles released toxins into the bloodstream,
UNK: toxins caused swelling in the hands and legs.
House : Just another way of saying it's rhabdo. Fifty-nine minutes.
UNK: She's a credit-card kid.
Cameron : Parents are architects. They're working on a project in Shanghai.
House : Could you be sitting any further away from Chase and still be in the same room?
Chase : It doesn't have to be rhabdo.
UNK: The swelling could also be caused by deep vein thrombosis.
Cameron : She has allergies, could be anaphylaxis,
Cameron : or some heart condition that we don't...
UNK: It can't really be any of those things since it's rhabdo.
House : I know it's rhabdo, Foreman knows it's rhabdo,
House : deep in his heart, even Chase knows it's rhabdo.
House : Isn't it annoying when everybody in the room knows something you don't?
Chase : I'll test for everything.
UNK: He's an ass.
Foreman : Contrast is ready.
Chase : She already thinks I'm cheating on her.
Foreman : Maybe this is House's way of telling you to talk to her.
UNK: Sure. "How was your day, honey? By the way, I killed someone."
Chase : If I tell her, that's dumping a burden on her forever.
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : No sign of obstructions or clots.
Cuddy : Tell me what you came here for, House.
House : I've got a legitimate medical reason.
Cuddy : You must be so proud.
UNK: I've forgotten it.
House : I guess it's no big deal since I was only using it
House : as an excuse to come check out Patty and Selma.
Cuddy : I feel bad. I haven't named your testicles.
House : Word on the street is you set a new personal best for low-cut.
Cuddy : I don't know why you chose to give them the names of somebody's aunts.
House : It's a compliment. They're always smoking.
House : I remember. I need you to authorize the medical discharge of a minor.
House : That's why I'm holding this in my hand.
House : Haven't finished testing yet, but it's...
House : Your outbox is three times normal size. That's not a metaphor.
Cuddy : There's a lot to be done before the weekend.