UNK: Okay.
Cameron : One of those times, I followed him.
UNK: What?
Cameron : I followed him. And, yes, I know how humiliating that admission is.
Foreman : Where'd he go?
Cameron : The gym. That time.
Cameron : But I know that something's...
Foreman : I'm stopping you right there.
Foreman : This is a conversation you should be having with Chase, not me.
Cameron : I've tried having this conversation with Chase.
Foreman : No sign of tears. It's not bulimia.
Cameron : Is he having an affair?
UNK: No.
Cameron : Why should I believe you?
Foreman : You shouldn't. You should believe him.
UNK: Derek jordan's Father : Baby, how are you? Sweetie.
UNK: Jordan.
Cameron : Normal sinus rhythm. Heart rate's fine.
Foreman : BP's dropping. What's happening to her?
Foreman : No pulse.
Kaitlin : Oh, my God. You said her heart rate was fine.
Chase : Cardiac tamponade, drain the fluid now.
Derek : What is going on?
Cameron : She's bleeding around her heart.
Foreman : Blood constricted her heart muscle.
Foreman : She's on antiarrhythmics, but we don't know how long we can keep her stable.
Foreman : Seemed to be triggered by stress. Her parents had just...
House : Did her blood pressure drop during the barium swallow?
Chase : Dropped to 50 systolic in three minutes.
House : Rules out chronic conditions.
Foreman : Acute conditions limit us to toxins, infections...
Cameron : Could be anything. A gas leak, arsenic in the wallpaper, fungus in the shower...
Cameron : I'll get samples from her room and the restaurant.
House : Talk to our little Gossip Girl.
House : You need to know exactly where she's been
House : and what she's done in the last 24 hours.
House : Oh, I think...
UNK: Convention Registrar : Welcome to the convention, Dr. Perlmutter.
House : It's my 25th consecutive year.
House : Perlmutter loves the '80s.
Phoebe : Do you need me to leave, too?
Foreman : You might remember stuff she doesn't.
Jordan : We didn't do anything we haven't told you about.
Phoebe : We hung out at Jordan's all day, and then we called a limo to go into the city.
Jordan : We stopped at Bruce Springsteen's house.
Phoebe : Jord, don't joke around, okay?
Phoebe : You're really sick. Just tell him the truth.
Jordan : Bruce let me play the first electric guitar he ever owned.
Kaitlin : My God, why are you lying?
Jordan : How can you not believe me?
Foreman : Turn to your right.
Cameron : Mr. Keener, I really appreciate you coming.
Keener : Oh, it's not that much of a hike. My room's only six floors up.
Cameron : Last night, do you remember two girls, about 16?
Keener : That table right there.
Cameron : They made an impression.
Keener : They were hard to miss, with the giggling and the staring.
Cameron : I'm sure that happens to you a lot.
Cameron : I'm sure that happens to you a lot more.
Foreman : She can't control it.
Foreman : A bleed in her brain is affecting her thalamus, causing her to lie.
Foreman : We need to know everything. You two were never apart?
Phoebe : Except for when she went to go get ice.
Phoebe : But that couldn't have taken very long.
Foreman : You don't know?
Phoebe : It was in the middle of the night.
Phoebe : I woke up when she came back into the room.
Foreman : And she told you she went to get ice?