UNK: "and no one takes Professor Lamb's course unless they have something to prove."
House : Because Professor Siegal covered the same ground and was the easier grader.
Cuddy : I tracked you down. Endocrinology, the party.
House : And one thing led to another.
Cuddy : And then it didn't.
House : I was gonna call you.
UNK: No, don't do that.
Cuddy : There was no expectations. I was just as into it...
House : I was gonna come see you.
House : Figure out where things would go from there.
House : That was the morning I got the call from the dean,
UNK: and I was expelled from my first med school. There didn't seem any point.
Cuddy : I should go to my room and review papers for the infectious disease panel.
UNK: Hello.
Wilson : Yeah. Thanks for telling me.
UNK: It's 7 : 00 in the morning. Somebody better be dead.
Wilson : My patient. Joseph Schultz.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Under the circumstances, it was the best thing that could have happened, right?
Wilson : Yeah. I just wish I'd been there.
Wilson : Didn't hear you come in last night.
UNK: Yes, it was almost 9 : 30.
Wilson : Things didn't go as you planned?
House : We've moved on to a new phase.
UNK: I tell Cuddy that I've always been interested in her, and she walks out of the room.
Wilson : Well, either she just wasn't ready for that,
Wilson : or maybe she was just surprised and didn't know how to react.
Chase : What are you doing?
House : Interesting reflex of guilt just now.
House : Your patient's been dying for six weeks,
House : you couldn't have predicted that he'd go this weekend.
House : Or could you?
UNK: "Euthanasia. Let's tell the truth. We all do it."
UNK: It's a great opening line.
UNK: Are you insane?
Wilson : I didn't want your notes before,
UNK: and I don't want them now.
Chase : Well, she didn't get ice.
Chase : She got out in the lobby. She could've gone anywhere.
Chase : Let's start with for how long. Fast forward.
Chase : Stop. Rewind. Back.
Chase : Wherever she went, she was only gone for like five minutes.
Chase : She's holding something.
UNK: That's Keener's journal.
Cameron : He must have left it in the restaurant that night.
Cameron : She went back, claimed it belonged to her.
Cameron : She was looking for an excuse to knock on his door.
Wilson : I know what you're gonna say.
Wilson : I'm not insane. Doctors are rarely indicted.
House : I was just thinking of your career.
House : But, yeah, if you're one of the doctors occasionally indicted,
House : I guess it could affect that.
Wilson : Someone needs to say what life is really like, now, for people who are dying.
Wilson : What doctors have to go through.
Wilson : The decisions we have to make.
UNK: Alone. Without guidance.
House : Someone should say that, in an unsigned letter to the Times.
Wilson : I'd be telling the truth. I'd be saying what we're all thinking.
Madison : Who cares?
House : The oncology department is subsidized by drug companies,
House : they don't want it run by a murderer.
Wilson : We're all murderers. We just don't have the guts to admit...
House : And once again, who cares?
House : You won't be hirable. Anywhere.
Wilson : If there's one thing I've learned from you,
Wilson : it's that I should do what I think is right,