House : Words can hurt, you know.
Jordan : I thought truth serum was only stuff they gave people in lame spy movies.
UNK: We know you're scared, and we know you want to tell the truth.
UNK: We're going to help you do that.
UNK: What happened between you and Keener the night you went up to his room?
Jordan : I couldn't believe he even talked to me.
Jordan : I told him how much his work means to me.
UNK: I figured I must sound like a moron, but he was nice about it.
UNK: He said I was special.
Chase : Heart rate's increasing.
Foreman : 140's acceptable. Let her talk.
Cameron : Did he give you anything, a drink, pills?
Jordan : He said it was Ecstasy.
Jordan : But it didn't look like Ecstasy.
UNK: And it didn't really make me feel how Ecstasy usually does.
Cameron : How did it make you feel?
Jordan : It just made me really tired.
Cameron : What did it look like? A capsule? Tablet?
Jordan : It was a tablet. Round.
Chase : Could be lithium.
Jordan : He just started touching me.
Jordan : At first, it seemed nice, but then...
Wilson : I didn't want to insult him.
Foreman : That's enough.
Jordan : I'm so sorry.
Jordan : I love you guys so much and I just...
Jordan : I feel like I've let you down.
Derek : I'm gonna kill him. I'm gonna kill that son of a bitch.
Foreman : Before you do that, look here.
Foreman : Increased periorbital blood flow throughout.
Foreman : It means everything she's been saying has been a lie.
UNK: Everything?
Derek : So you still don't know what's wrong with her?
UNK: Sorry.
Cuddy : I thought you were room service.
UNK: Is something going on with your patient?
House : It's quiet in there. Is Rachel asleep?
House : I thought maybe you could use a babysitter.
Cuddy : Actually, I've got her in daycare downstairs.
UNK: Oh.
House : Great. Maybe later.
Lucas : Hey, House.
House : Hey, Lucas.
Lucas : This is awkward.
Derek : A bit.
House : That awkwardness would probably go away if I left.
UNK: Hello? It's Foreman.
Foreman : I'm trying to update House, but his phone's off.
UNK: House!
Wilson : He's not here.
Foreman : Patient's losing blood faster than we can transfuse.
UNK: Cameron did an online search, found out Keener travels with his dog.
Foreman : We're treating for Rickettsia. Any idea where he is?
Wilson : Oh, no! I was supposed to be giving a paper five minutes ago.
Foreman : Okay. Okay.
House : Dr. Wilson has asked me to tender his apologies for his absence.
House : You'll be hearing my paper instead.
House : Unfortunately, there wasn't time to correct the program schedule.
UNK: Euthanasia. Let's tell the truth.
UNK: We all do it. We just don't talk about it.
UNK: We play the game. We use other words, or we don't use any words at all.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Nice phrasing.
UNK: Hello.
Wilson : I don't know what department I want. I need