UNK: You could take papers home with you. Unless you're not gonna be home.
House : Unless you were, for example, going to a medical conference.
Cuddy : I'm driving up with Wilson.
House : Me, too.
Cuddy : You aren't on the registration list.
House : I love that you checked.
Cuddy : But Wilson said...
House : That I have a case? Yeah.
House : You're authorizing the discharge right now. That was a metaphor.
UNK: I'm busy right now.
House : Is he dying? Yeah.
UNK: In the next 10 minutes?
Wilson : Unfortunately, no. He's in a lot of pain.
UNK: I thought about it. You're right, I should go to the conference.
Wilson : You found out Cuddy's going.
House : Oh, God, no.
House : She'll ruin everything.
Wilson : We leave in two hours.
UNK: Please, morphine.
Wilson : I'm right here. I'm right here, Joseph.
House : Two days away. You think I should pack Bally?
Chase : You can't leave. You lit a fuse, you need to watch the bomb go off.
UNK: The bomb was gonna go off on its own if you kept quiet.
UNK: So now you either have to come up with a convincing lie
House : or tell her the truth. Your choice.
Chase : CK levels point to rhabdo.
House : Of course.
Chase : Except for the part where imaging shows no sign of muscle crush.
House : Hi. I'm your doctor,
UNK: and this is Lars Ulrich, greatest metal drummer of all time.
House : You know the song?
UNK: Good. Drumstick.
UNK: Here's another drumstick.
House : I want you to rock out to the music, the way you did last night.
Jordan : Come on. This is a classic medical test.
House : Hippocrates used it. Let's go.
UNK: Come on, you gotta keep time. Crossover on the high-hat.
UNK: Let's head-bang.
Chase : House, what are you doing?
House : Chart said her potassium's low.
UNK: Rhabdo elevates potassium.
UNK: And the monkey drums.
UNK: Ergo, her levels must have been really low last night.
House : Which causes...
Jordan : I can't move them.
House : ...temporary muscle paralysis. Given this rate of muscle fatigue,
UNK: there's no way she could have climbed stairs and then a fence to the pool.
House : Low potassium means no jump, means no trauma.
House : Tests mean, yes, rhabdo.
House : Ergo, something else caused both the rhabdo and the low potassium.
House : This time, start by getting an accurate history.
House : Be careful, our patient's a big, fat liar.
Chase : What did you really do last night?
Cameron : We need to find the cause of your low potassium.
Cameron : You could have a kidney disorder, leukemia, adenoma.
Chase : We need to know about any drugs or alcohol,
Chase : anything that might have threatened your health.
Phoebe : Come on, Jord.
Phoebe : Okay, we didn't spend the night with the band.
Jordan : You can't tell our friends.
UNK: Have you heard of Warrior Queen of Space?
Chase : It's a comic book, right?