House : and chelate for the hemochromatosis.
House : Now, Cameron, pick up the phone and give me a dramatic exit.
UNK: So, how did you two crazy kids hook up?
Cuddy : I suspected someone in accounting was skimming money,
Cuddy : and I wanted to investigate quietly.
Cuddy : And since you introduced me to the only detective I know...
House : One thing leads to another.
House : Why keep it a secret? Were you protecting me in my fragile state?
House : You think I was an unhinged loony
House : who was about to go off the rails at a badly-timed bit of news?
Cuddy : I just don't advertise my personal life.
Cuddy : I needed help with the baby, Lucas drove up.
Lucas : Yeah, she was worried.
Lucas : A little worried. As a friend.
UNK: I had to hide in our room and be the dirty little secret. Kind of sucked.
UNK: I told her it wasn't necessary.
UNK: So you had some hallucination about having sex with her.
Cuddy : I don't think we need to talk...
Lucas : I mean, I imagine having sex with women all the time. No big deal.
Lucas : Though I guess if they knew what I imagined, it could get awkward.
UNK: And I guess it's different because in the fantasy, she was your savior.
UNK: But I mean, that was months ago, right?
UNK: All the work that you had to do to get straight.
UNK: You've been institutionalized, you've had way bigger stuff to deal with.
UNK: I should shut up.
UNK: Can I buy you a ginger ale?
House : Ginger ale would be good. With lemon.
UNK: Infection's clearing up nicely.
Cameron : You should be out of here in a few days.
Derek : That is wonderful.
Derek : Jack, how are you?
UNK: Sweetie,
Michelle : your father and I think we should reward ourselves with a little time off.
Derek : That meeting's gonna have to wait a couple of weeks.
Derek : We're staying here.
Michelle : You should think about where you'd like to go.
Derek : Honey, they're saying the specs are off for the whole foundation.
Derek : Can you at least come talk to him?
Michelle : Let me see.
Cameron : You okay? Yeah.
Michelle : No. Soil engineering report was fine.
Jordan : I'm used to it.
UNK: So, about what happened that night...
Jordan : I never even got up the courage to knock on his door.
Michelle : Well, you'll have to send me their numbers.
UNK: Yay!
UNK: You want to go driving?
House : He looks like a guy who'd be there every day.
UNK: Mini-bar's re-stocked. I say we grab some pretzels for the road...
Wilson : When you do what I did,
Wilson : it's not enough to tell yourself you did nothing wrong.
Wilson : You need to hear it from someone else.
Wilson : If not God or society, a friend, otherwise you go crazy.
Wilson : What you said to me up there...
Jordan : Thank you.
Wilson : You're a good friend. Cuddy should know that.
House : Yeah, you should let her know that I drugged you
House : so you wouldn't confess to murder. Let's get out of here.
Wilson : Someone could have recognized you.
House : First US conference I've attended in 15 years.
UNK: Perlmutter?
House : Toronto, all weekend, airtight alibi.
Jordan : I'm sorry.
Cameron : I don't know why I always suspect the worst.
Cameron : If you say you're not having an affair,
House : you're not having an affair.
Cameron : Oh, God. You are? I'm not.
Cameron : Okay. Sorry. Again.
UNK: If you don't wanna tell,
UNK: okay.
Cameron : But I could help.
Cameron : Whatever this is, it's eating away at you.
Cameron : We could get past it together.
Jordan : I love you no matter what.
Chase : We lose patients sometimes.
Chase : One of those patients,
UNK: Dibala,
Chase : we didn't actually lose him.
Chase : I killed him.