Castle : Secret passageway?
UNK: Basically.
Esposito : He had a hidden entrance that could only be opened from the other side.
Esposito : CSU followed it from the street to the abandoned sewer to the tunnel,
Esposito : just like Mayor Walker had drew it up.
UNK: Here's three cases that Heisler hadn't gotten around to selling yet.
UNK: At 26 Gs a pop, you're looking at just under a cool million.
UNK: And I just, I mean, how might I acquire one of these for myself?
Beckett : Castle, I told you. They're evidence.
UNK: Yes. But who's to say today's evidence can't be tomorrow's nightcap?
Montgomery : That would be me.
Montgomery : Now, I'm sure it'll be a few months before we can figure out
UNK: where this and the rest of the stuff belongs.
UNK: Montgomery. Yup.
Gracie : Look at you.
UNK: Isn't it cool?
Alexis : Gracie took me shopping at this place I never even knew existed
UNK: and it's right down the street from here.
Alexis : They had the greatest stuff. She has a really good eye.
Gracie : Well, Alexis looks good in everything.
Castle : I'm glad you two reconnected.
UNK: We just had to get to know the new us-es.
UNK: Neither of us are 10 anymore.
UNK: It reminded me of the good old days.
Gracie : Before life got too real, you know?
Castle : I do know.
UNK: I'm gonna walk her to the train.
UNK: Bye.
Alexis : Gram's waiting downstairs.
Castle : Thanks for the warning.
Beckett : Wow. I remember that phase.
UNK: That's about when I got my tattoo.
UNK: You got a tattoo?
UNK: Where?
Montgomery : Just heard from the DA, Castle.
UNK: Apparently, since all of these bottles used to belong to Beau James,
Montgomery : and he used to be our Mayor, it's her opinion that they're owned by the city.
Montgomery : But, she says if you're willing to make a generous donation
Montgomery : to the NYPD Widows and Orphans Fund,
Montgomery : you can have one of Beau James' best for your very own.
Montgomery : This is early Christmas, baby!
UNK: May I? I was not expecting this.
Esposito : Are you crying?
Castle : Yes. I don't know what to say.
UNK: Try, "Let me get my checkbook."
Castle : Yes. Of course, of course.