Beckett : Maybe something that wasn't his.
Castle : Now here's a place that honors history and values craftsmanship.
Beckett : You're pretty into this whole preserving history stuff, huh?
UNK: I think just lately I've just been noticing the changes.
Beckett : You mean in Alexis' Goth friend?
UNK: Nah, I was thinking more along the lines of Times Square.
UNK: You know, once it had a real New York grit and character.
Castle : And now they should just call it "Times Square Land."
UNK: Steven Heisler : So sorry to have kept you waiting. I'm Steven Heisler, Associate Director.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : We were wondering if you recognize this man.
Heisler : Yes, Donald Hayes.
UNK: We don't get many dockworkers here, as you might imagine.
Heisler : What's this about?
Beckett : He was murdered.
Heisler : Murdered? Good Lord.
Beckett : We understand that he put an item up here for auction.
Beckett : We were wondering what it was.
Heisler : Are you familiar with a man by the name of Jimmy Walker?
Castle : Sure. Everybody knows Jimmy Walker.
Castle : No. The former Mayor of New York.
UNK: Took office in 1926. Went by the nickname "Beau James."
Castle : Famous for being a corrupt politician, renowned womanizer,
Castle : and also openly defiant of Prohibition.
Heisler : Ah! So you do know him.
UNK: What does the former mayor have to do with this?
Heisler : Donald had an item that once belonged to him.
Heisler : You see, Mayor Walker was rumored to have had a private liquor collection
Heisler : thought to contain one of the finest whiskeys ever distilled.
Castle : Unceremoniously dumped in the sewers
Castle : by federal agents when they ran him out of office.
Heisler : Donald came in with the sole surviving bottle.
Heisler : An 1875 St. Miriam, Rock of Scotland.
Heisler : I knew what it was the moment I saw the "JW" pressed into its wax seal.
Heisler : An 1875 St. Miriam? That is the Holy Grail of scotches.
UNK: I would kill for just a taste of that.