Beckett : That's about when Prohibition was getting started.
Castle : You see how much nicer the neighborhood was back then?
Beckett : You think that little box there might be the Old Haunt?
Castle : Yeah. That's where it would be.
Castle : Not long after its bordello phase. You can still see the little garter belts.
Beckett : Okay, there's a sewer line running under it that wasn't on the newer map.
Beckett : So, that's gotta be our tunnel.
Castle : Which would put Walker's whiskey right about here.
UNK: The man could grab himself a bottle, come and go without ever being seen.
Beckett : But come and go from where? Where did he start from?
Castle : Here's where our tunnel ends and our killer vanished.
Castle : There's one, two, three sewer lines that branch off from that point.
UNK: Any of which our killer could have accessed to get away from us.
UNK: So, if we can figure out exactly where the three sewers end,
UNK: we can subpoena traffic cams around the time the killer got away.
UNK: Maybe get an ID.
Castle : Or maybe we won't need any of that.
UNK: You said no one has laid eyes on these maps in over 70 years.
Castle : Only it says here, someone checked this one out just two weeks ago.
UNK: And I'd bet a bottle of Beau James's whiskey that someone was trying
Castle : to make their way back to the mayor's stash just like we are.
Castle : Going once... Going twice...
Heisler : Sold to the gentleman in the back.
UNK: Next up, I have a marvelous 1955 Chateau Restivo Blanc
UNK: and we'll start the bidding at $ 1,200. Do I hear $ 1,200?
UNK: There's $ 1,200.
UNK: Do I hear $ 1,250?
UNK: $ 1,250 there.
UNK: $ 1,300?
UNK: $ 1,300 in the back.
UNK: Do I hear $ 1,350?
UNK: $ 1,350.
UNK: $ 1,350.
Heisler : Do I hear
UNK: 14...
Beckett : He told Heisler about the Beau James stash and Heisler got greedy.
Castle : He convinced Donny that the whiskey would fetch a better price
UNK: if he sold a bottle at a time.
Castle : So Donny left the stash where he found it.
Beckett : And that gave Heisler enough time to figure out where it was hidden.
Beckett : When Donny caught him in the vault, Heisler panicked, hit him with a bottle.
Esposito : Yo. We figured out how Heisler disappeared on you in the tunnel.