Esposito : Maybe because he trashed your truck.
Ryan : And you were too drunk to shoot straight
UNK: the last time you came after him with a shotgun.
Pete : Shotgun? Look, he trashed my truck. So what?
Pete : He more than paid for the damages.
Esposito : - He what now? - After he pounded my truck,
Pete : I started calling the cops.
Pete : Well, he calmed down real fast, and out came this fat wad
Pete : and he peeled off a cool grand like it was nothing.
UNK: Donny gave you $ 1,000?
Pete : He had plenty more.
Pete : I asked him, "What, did you score Lotto?"
UNK: And he was all like, "Yeah, sort of."
Pete : You can ask my repair guy, I paid with Donny's cash.
Ryan : Don't go anywhere. I'm gonna make a call.
UNK: Don't worry. We're gonna get this guy.
Ryan : Pete's alibi holds.
Ryan : He was sleeping it off at a friend's apartment over in Murray Hill.
UNK: It's weird that a guy who had only $6.23 in his bank account
Esposito : had enough cash on hand to peel off a G like it was nothing.
Ryan : Not to mention all the repairs he made to the bar.
Beckett : Maybe he was skimming, too.
Castle : If he was skimming that much,
Castle : there'd have to be someone he wasn't paying.
Castle : A supplier, distributor.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go back to The Old Haunt
Beckett : and take a look at Donny's ledgers?
Beckett : Let's find out where that money was coming from.
Uniform : - Here you go, Detective. - Thank you.
Beckett : So CSU processed that bar and basement
Beckett : and there's no indication of any broken red glass.
Beckett : And the only blood they found was under the buckshot.
Castle : So it wasn't our murder scene.
UNK: Well, looks like Donny left that bar alive.
UNK: You know, I don't get it.
UNK: If Donny got shot down here and he didn't do anything wrong,
Ryan : why didn't he report it?
Esposito : The last thing any new bar owner wants is trouble with the cops.
Esposito : Even an accidental shooting on the premises
Esposito : could have cost Donny his liquor license for good.
Ryan : Probably why he shelled out for Pete's truck damage, too.