UNK: CHUDs?
Castle : Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers.
Castle : These sewers are crawling with them.
Beckett : You know, I kind of figured you more for an alligator in the sewer type of guy.
Castle : There's alligators down here?
Jeffery : What is this?
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: This looks like an old passageway that was bricked up a long time ago.
Castle : Yeah, until Donny got at it.
Beckett : Mayor Walker's moniker.
UNK: 1919, that's when Prohibition started.
Castle : Best time capsule ever!
UNK: lmagine Donny's joy when he realized that Leo's legends were true.
UNK: At $26,000 a bottle, who cares Brian's skimming?
UNK: There's got to be a hundred bottles of scotch on these walls.
Castle : Take one down and pass it around.
Beckett : Hey. That's evidence. There's already a lot that's been taken.
UNK: That's fairly recently, too.
Castle : These bottles are caked with dust, and the empty spaces are relatively clean.
UNK: There's our murder weapon.
Castle : Hopefully with some prints on it.
Beckett : There's probably blood mixed in there, too,
Beckett : in case you were thinking of tasting it.
UNK: - Oh, come on, I'm not that desperate. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : So someone else finds out about Donny's treasure,
Beckett : follows him down here, surprises him,
Beckett : a fight breaks out and the killer grabs the only weapon available.
Castle : Striking the fatal blow.
UNK: And it looks like our killer dragged the body
Beckett : right back out the same way.
Beckett : Look at this. All the way down. Then it travels all the way...
Castle : This tunnel has everything.
Castle : Secret scotch vault, private murder nook, convenient sewage disposal.
Beckett : I bet you this water leads straight to the East River.
UNK: This is fairly bright. Someone's been here in the past few hours.
Ryan : Police! Don't move!
Beckett : Stop! NYPD!
UNK: This way. This way.
Beckett : Where did he go?
Castle : He was right in front of us. I heard him.
Beckett : This is a dead end. He couldn't have gotten past us.
UNK: There is no other way he could have gotten out.
Beckett : So how did he get away?
Montgomery : What do you mean, gone?
Beckett : He was right there in front of us, and then, nothing but a brick wall.
Montgomery : There's no way this guy could have gotten past you two
UNK: and snuck out through The Old Haunt?
Beckett : No. It was too narrow.
Castle : Brian the bartender and a handful of regulars were still upstairs.
UNK: They swear no one came up before we did.
UNK: We think that our spirit-loving Mayor didn't want to be seen
Beckett : going back and forth from his favorite speakeasy
UNK: so he had a back-way entrance built to his stash.
Castle : Hidden from view. And, trust me, we looked.
UNK: Yo! Just got off the phone with Lanie.
Esposito : She confirms the blood on the broken bottle is Donny's.
Esposito : It's definitely our murder weapon.
Ryan : But we've run the prints and we still came up empty.
Ryan : No matches to anyone at The Old Haunt or in our system.
UNK: It took 70 years to find the way down to those tunnels from The Old Haunt,
Montgomery : and somehow our killer finds another way in. How?
Beckett : There's gotta be another access point
Beckett : from the tunnel to the East River sewer line.