Jeffery : I go by Magoo. It's my street name.
UNK: Seriously, you're Jeffrey McGuigan?
UNK: Magoo. And yeah, I purchased a ton of crap at that place. Come on in.
Castle : So, this piece of crap we're looking for, Magoo,
Castle : is a priceless red bottle of scotch.
Jeffery : It had a price, all right. Though it was pretty tasty.
UNK: Tasty.
UNK: You describe a 135-year-old bottle of scotch as "tasty"?
UNK: I mean, you know, after I mixed a little root beer.
Jeffery : Yeah. Okay, Magoo, let's see that bottle.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: You're just gonna walk into my crib and start bossing me around?
UNK: Well, I don't see it here.
UNK: You didn't happen to break the bottle over something?
UNK: Hey, what is this about?
Jeffery : You know, I may have dropped out of Cornell when my company went public,
Jeffery : but I still know my rights.
Beckett : That bottle that you purchased might have been used to commit murder.
Beckett : So unless you want to learn your Miranda rights,
UNK: you better quit stalling and show us where it is.
Jeffery : Yeah, okay, cool. I'm not stalling.
Castle : - Great. - Yeah.
Castle : You were throwing it out?
Jeffery : It's in the blue bucket. I recycle.
Beckett : Well, it's still intact.
Beckett : Unless a sliver of glass came out when it hit.
Jeffery : Man, nobody hit anybody.
Castle : Yes, well, keep mixing root beer with fine scotch, that may change.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Let's go.
UNK: - Just so you know. - Thank you.
Castle : Cretinous little uncultured palate doesn't deserve...
Castle : Did you hear what he said? Root beer.
UNK: If I was 15 years younger, I'd give that kid such a pinch.
Lanie : Same glass,
Lanie : but the shard in Donny's head is way too big to have come from this bottle.
Castle : Which means it can't be the only remaining bottle in the world.
Beckett : Clearly not.
Castle : Which means I still have a shot at getting a taste.
Beckett : Which means that Donny came across a second bottle.
Castle : Yeah. Upside his head.
Beckett : Okay, so, maybe Leo gave a bottle to a relative or a friend.
Beckett : And once Donny learned how much it was worth, he went after it.