Naomi : Thank you.
Cuddy : I'm late for the board meeting. We need to talk.
Cuddy : I don't want to hear it. It's about a patient.
Cuddy : The pregnant woman? She wasn't qualified for that trial. And I'm not gonna apologize...
House : I'm not talking about her. At this point, I think it's best if I concentrate on patients who are still alive.
House : Pulmonary embolism. She bled out. Saved her son.
House : This is Olive Kaplan's C.T. scan... The incredible shrinking baby.
Cuddy : Her thymus gland.
House : DiGeorge syndrome. It's genetic. Caused the gland to wither to nothing.
Cuddy : This is why she couldn't gain weight. Yeah.
Cuddy : I'll call the police and Social Services and have all the charges withdrawn.
UNK: I've sent a test down to confirm. When it comes back, you should start Olive on immunoglobulin replacement.
UNK: You're not gonna do it?
UNK: Well, I assume I won't be here.
UNK: Your boy is doing good.
Vogler : It's the same motion as yesterday, people. Same reasons.
Vogler : All those in favor of dismissing Gregory House, raise a hand.
Vogler : Dr. Cuddy,
Vogler : you realize this is going to happen.
Sean : - I can't do it. - You can't abstain.
Cuddy : I'm not abstaining. I'm voting no.
Vogler : You've changed your mind since yesterday?
Vogler : What did he do? Buy you dinner and roses? Threaten to drown your dog?
Cuddy : - He did his job. - Right.
Vogler : He saved another life.
UNK: Maybe. Good for him.
Vogler : - It's great. It's not the point. - It's what we do.
Vogler : And you could do it a lot better if you didn't have to worry about some madman...
Vogler : running around the hospital accountable to no one.
Cuddy : But that's not the choice you're giving us. - House won't listen to anyone.
Cuddy : And you're not accountable to anybody either. Because you think you own us.
Vogler : I move for the immediate dismissal of Dr. Lisa Cuddy.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : She's upset. We all are.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Why would you risk your career to save him?
Cuddy : If you think House deserves to go... If you think I deserve to go,
Cuddy : Wilson deserved to go, then vote yes.
Cuddy : But if you're doing this because you are afraid of losing his money, then he's right.
Cuddy : He does own you.
Cuddy : You have a choice. Maybe the last real one you'll have here.
House : Cuddy is a genius.
House : Convincing four people to give up a fortune to save our sorry asses.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy, the man of the hour. Hey, hey!
UNK: Hey. What are you doing?
House : We're drinking. I would have thought that was pretty obvious.
Cuddy : To the great champion. Saved you,
Cuddy : saved Wilson... Saved the whole team.
UNK: Ofcourse none of them would have needed saving if you could actually get along with another human being.
UNK: Thank you, Miss Buzz Kill.
Cuddy : Well, you only cost us a hundred million dollars.
Cuddy : Could have saved some lives,
Cuddy : could have made a few jobs, helped a few people... yippee.
House : You voted to get rid of him.
Cuddy : The lesser of two evils.
Cuddy : You should be mourning.
Cuddy : I know I am.