Foreman : She can't start in two days. She's pregnant.
House : She won't be in two days.
House : - I've scheduled a C-section. - She'd still have to wait a month.
UNK: You can't take part in any trial for at least 30 days after major surgery.
House : Well, it's definitely surgery, but major?
UNK: It's not your call. Again, question of interpretation.
Chase : You're scamming a doctor? Now?
Chase : Come on. Vogler's looking for any excuse to can you.
House : Oh, I think he's got a big bag of those already.
Foreman : These regulations aren't just here to annoy you. Doing this is dangerous to the patient.
House : Well, I'll be sure and let her know that.
House : Care to join me?
House : Angiogenesis inhibitors prevent the tumors from creating blood vessels.
House : Without blood, the tumor starves.
Sean : That sounds great. What about the baby?
House : The treatment would be fatal to the baby.
House : I've scheduled a C-section for this afternoon. No.
House : It's in the trial phase right now, but so far...
House : complete remission in more than 30% of subjects.
UNK: I told Dr. Foreman I didn't want a C-section. - When your chances of living were less than a third of what they are now.
UNK: Well, if the baby's premature, then...
House : Our Pediatrics department has the best neonatal I.C.U. in the state.
Naomi : No. His lungs. His brain. He's not ready.
UNK: And he could be fine. You don't know what it's like raising a sick child.
Sean : His odds are much better than yours are.
Sean : You have to let them at least try this.
Sean : - Talk to her. - Okay.
House : Leave the room.
UNK: Okay.
House : How long have you been taking oxybutynin?
UNK: Uh, since I was about 20.
House : Incontinence is pretty uncommon in a woman of your age.
House : It's even more bizarre in a woman in her 20s.
Naomi : I guess I haven't had the best luck when it comes to my health.
House : Seems that way.
House : You said to your husband, "You don't know what it's like raising a sick child".
House : You didn't say, "You don't know what it would be like".
House : This is not your first child, is it?
House : And he doesn't know.
UNK: I was 18.
UNK: I got pregnant, got married.
Naomi : I had the most beautiful little girl. Grace.
Naomi : She had infantile Alexander's disease.
UNK: I'm sorry. Two years we watched her die.
UNK: My husband was a... Uh, my first husband was a...
Naomi : A great guy,
Naomi : but after that I couldn't even look at him without thinking of her.
Naomi : I left him.
Naomi : I left my job. I left everything. Very moving story.
House : Explains why you're being so selfish.
Naomi : I'm willing to die to protect my husband.
House : Because it's what you want. Your husband wants you to live.
Naomi : Well, he doesn't understand... Oh, who the hell does?
House : Tragedies happen.
UNK: If you think that turning yourself into a disposable incubator for a few weeks...
UNK: is gonna protect your baby from all the crap in this world, go ahead.
House : Die happy. I got no problem with people killing themselves.
House : But don't think it makes you a hero.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: You're scheduled for 4 : 00 p.m.
Lim : Yes. This is Dr. Lim.
UNK: Count down from 10.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Ten,
UNK: nine,
UNK: eight...
UNK: Tray setup. That seemed kind of fast. Is she all right?
Anesthesiologist : She's fine.
Lim : Wake her up. That was Vogler. Surgery is off.
House : Hey! You're killing her!
UNK: Really? I thought you were the one trying to ram her into a drug trial five minutes after surgery.
House : She knows the risk. She was fully informed.
Vogler : Well, the guy running the study sure wasn't. Not his life. Not his call.
UNK: His study, his call. - Right. So she kicks off, his numbers look bad.
Vogler : The numbers look bad, the study looks bad.
UNK: Which would cost you money! And keep a lifesaving protocol off the market.
House : One person! One blip in the data!
Vogler : Ever heard of the F.D.A.? They eat blips for breakfast.
Vogler : One person should never endanger thousands.
House : Well, thank God you were here to save all those lives!