UNK: Uh, no. He didn't. I did.
Cuddy : The nurses were concerned, and they called me.
UNK: There was evidence of abuse. You took a big legal risk by not calling Social Services.
House : Those parents are not abusive. They're idiots.
Cuddy : Oh, well, that's certainly a relief.
House : It was my call. You made the wrong one.
House : You know, there's a new biography of Quisling. I think you might like it.
Cuddy : Sure. No idea who that is.
House : Uh, Norwegian guy, World War II, traitor.
UNK: The fact that I have to explain this takes the edge off my flow. - I was protecting you.
House : From what? Cops aren't gonna bust me.
UNK: Disciplinary Committee maybe gives me a slap on the wrist.
Cuddy : And Vogler has an excuse to get rid of you.
House : If I don't give him one, he makes one up. Vogler's just one vote.
UNK: He's gotta convince the other 11 of us.
Cuddy : I'm just trying to stop you from making that extra easy.
UNK: Dr. Charles, dial 4541.
Foreman : Sean, do your wife's eyelids look any different than usual?
UNK: Uh, maybe one is drooping a little bit,
Sean : but, you know, she's tired, so...
Chase : Naomi, can you open your mouth for me and, um, tilt your head back?
Chase : This is gonna be a little uncomfortable.
Chase : Yeah. There's swelling, indenting the esophagus.
Sean : Is that why she choked?
Foreman : - We'll need to do an X-ray. - What? No. The baby. You said no X-rays.
Foreman : It's important.
UNK: She has a three-centimeter mass...
Wilson : in her right upper lobe.
Foreman : Maybe it's a granuloma. No. There's no calcification.
Wilson : It's small-cell lung cancer.
Wilson : The tumor's starting to press against your esophagus.
Wilson : It hasn't metastasized, but it has spread to other parts of your lung, so we can't operate.
Sean : Wait. That doesn't make sense.
Sean : She had, uh, kidney failure and brain problems.
UNK: Some cancer patients get what are called paraneoplastic syndromes.
UNK: You were making antibodies to fight the tumor.
UNK: They got sidetracked and attacked other cells.
UNK: Your brain first. Then your liver, kidneys.
UNK: Even the nerves that control your eyelids.
UNK: That's called Lambert-Eaton syndrome. It told us the tumor was in the lungs.
Naomi : How bad is it?
Wilson : Small-cell is the most aggressive kind of lung cancer.
Wilson : The five-year survival rate is only about 10% to 15%.
UNK: Which is why we have to start you on chemo and radiation right away.
UNK: Radiation? What about the baby? - You'll need a C-section before you can start the treatment.
Wilson : I can get you in first thing tomorrow morning.
Naomi : What are the chances my baby will survive?
Wilson : Pretty good. Twenty-eight weeks, so about 80%.
Naomi : No, wait. That's one-in-five chance he'll die?
Wilson : I really wouldn't advise waiting.
UNK: Naomi, you gotta start this treatment right away. - What happens if I wait?
UNK: Well, 29 weeks, the survival rate is closer to 90%.
Naomi : I'm not doing the radiation. But you'll die if...
Naomi : Listen. You know the chances. They're nothing.
Naomi : But a few more weeks will save the baby.
Sean : Listen. You're depressed right now, and you're not thinking right, so...
Sean : Could you j... Tell her, please.
Wilson : This cancer moves quick. The median survival's two to four months.
Wilson : If you postpone... even for a week...
Naomi : I'm sorry, honey.
Vogler : As most of you know, Gregory House recently gave a speech about me.
Vogler : I'd like to return the favor.
Naomi : - Sorry. - Dr. Wilson.
Vogler : I was hoping you were gonna miss this one.