Flanagan : Why am I blessed with your presence on this day, huh?
Flanagan : Come on, speak up, child.
Beckett : You got it, nice and slow.
UNK: Speak.
Castle : You know, it didn't have to playout this way.
Decker : It was one thing to ask me to be your rat.
Decker : When the man I loved volunteered and delivered...
Decker : Why did you kill Danny?
Flanagan : It's funny.
Flanagan : You're the second lady cop,
Flanagan : in as many days,
Flanagan : to stand there and accuse me of said crime.
Flanagan : - Funny. - Damn it, she's made.
UNK: They're gonna smoke her, Captain.
Decker : I'm not afraid of you anymore.
Beckett : Where the hell did she get a gun?
Decker : Now, admit to killing Danny or I will end you!
Flanagan : Look, I had nothing to do with your boyfriend's murder.
Decker : For once in your miserable life, own up to what you did.
Flanagan : I'm not lying.
Decker : I don't believe you.
Ryan : - NYPD! - Police.
UNK: Decker, look at me. I said, look at me!
Beckett : You can take him down.
Beckett : Just not like this. You are not him.
Beckett : Put the gun down.
Decker : As soon as you start telling the truth.
Flanagan : Come on, Captain, do something.
Beckett : Flanagan, start talking!
UNK: Okay.
Flanagan : Your boyfriend, uh, has a set of balls on him.
Flanagan : I mean, he marches in here and tells me to back down.
UNK: And you know what I do? I say, "Sure."
UNK: "But you gotta do a little something for me."
Flanagan : Okay? Now, your boy comes through,
Flanagan : we shake hands, and that's it.
Decker : Then who killed him?
Flanagan : I don't know who killed him.
Beckett : Did he mention having problems with anyone?
Flanagan : No, no, no. Look. Um...
Flanagan : when he left, this car started down the street.
Flanagan : Now, for a minute, I thought maybe he was being tailed.
Flanagan : It was a dark sedan.
Flanagan : Now, that's it, that's it. I swear.
Decker : What do you think?
Beckett : He's telling the truth.
Beckett : Stand down.
Beckett : Stand down.
UNK: Well, look at that.
Flanagan : You are more like me than you know.
UNK: You are a hot mess.
UNK: I take it that your talk with Beckett Iast night went well.
Castle : Less of a discussion, more of an Irish intervention.
Hayley : So you just sat around drinking whiskey and avoiding the subject.
Castle : Yes. But I can tell she's still upset with me.
Castle : She left this morning without waking me.
Hayley : So, what do you plan on doing about that?
UNK: Nothing.
Hayley : Well, that has to be the stupidest thing I've heard all day.
UNK: I'm holding on to the thin hope
Castle : that Beckett can find it in her heart to forgive me.
Hayley : Rick, come on, stop moping about and go do something about it.
Castle : What? Have Beckett's memory wiped?
Hayley : No, we track down LokSat.
Hayley : Our west Coast adventure yielded fruit.
UNK: We have a window oftime in which LokSat arrived in LA.
UNK: Ifwe scrub the identities of everyone
Hayley : who landed in any area airport, be it public or private,
Hayley : then sooner or later we'll find our target.
UNK: I can start now. Say the word.