Ryan : why did Bardot bring a gun to the meeting?
UNK: Protection.
Beckett : Ortiz said that Bardot was looking to set something right.
Beckett : He had second thoughts about being a mole for Flanagan.
Beckett : And then Flanagan killed him for it.
Castle : I was trying to protect you.
Beckett : From who?
Castle : From yourself.
Ryan : Bardot's computer.
Ryan : Vikram found a hidden folder
Ryan : that contains every NYPD file of Flanagan and his crew.
UNK: Surveillance photos, wire taps, Cis,
Beckett : everything that Flanagan would need to stay one step ahead of the police.
Esposito : But how did Bardot hack into the NYPD's secure network?
Esposito : It's hardwired into select department computers.
Beckett : Including the computer
Beckett : in Commissioner Malone's office at the Academy.
Beckett : Bardot must have snuck into Malone's office,
Beckett : used a portable password cracker on it.
Beckett : That's what he got at the black market
Beckett : with the five grand he squeezed out of Chambers.
Ryan : Flanagan used Bardot to get these files.
Ryan : After he got them, turned on his own mole.
UNK: Bardot must've seen the double-cross coming.
Esposito : He pulled his gun, they fought, Flanagan got the upper hand,
UNK: then he shot Bardot in the back.
UNK: AII right, let's dig into Flanagan. See ifwe can corroborate this.
Ryan : - Want us to pick him up? - Nope, not yet.
Beckett : I'm going to have a sit-down with Lucky Jack.
Beckett : See if I can rattle his cage.
Beckett : So you deny that Bardot supplied you with confidential NYPD files?
UNK: Jack Flanagan : Absolutely, with prejudice.
UNK: Jack Flanagan : That kid came in here looking for a job as a lingerie salesman.
Beckett : Bardot was working for you.
Beckett : And I'm going to prove that you killed him.
Flanagan : Twenty years.
Flanagan : Twenty years you guys have been coming in here
Flanagan : with all these accusations against ol' Lucky Jack.
UNK: Your problem is that none ofyou ever followed up with the proof.