Beckett : Reliving the recoil of the gun,
Beckett : and the knife cutting into Bardot's body to get that bullet out.
Ortiz : Meaning what?
Beckett : Meaning they're on a razor's edge.
Beckett : And I want to put them in a high-stress simulation
Beckett : and watch them shoot a gun.
UNK: Lopez, Takata, you're up.
UNK: There. That pause. what is that?
UNK: I hate to break it to you, but that's normal for Takata.
UNK: Guy's got a hitch in his giddy-up I cannot cure.
Ortiz : Decker, Chambers, you're up.
Beckett : What about Decker?
Beckett : The other recruits don't seem to like her.
Ortiz : Every recruit's got a problem with Decker.
UNK: She's ultra-focused, competitive as hell, and walled-off from everyone.
Ortiz : Kind of like you were.
UNK: Hey, wait a second. Bardot's tactical gear.
Beckett : We didn't find it in his dorm room.
Ortiz : No, we put lockers in so they could keep it here.
Beckett : - And which locker is Bardot's? - Seven.
Ortiz : Am I witnessing one of Kate Beckett's famous hunches?
Ryan : The lab couldn't pull any prints off that blue index card.
Ryan : Got our handwriting expert
UNK: comparing against samples from the other suspects,
Ryan : but he's not optimistic, given the block letters.
Esposito : - Is that Beckett? - Yeah.
UNK: Let me holler at her. Beckett.
Esposito : Hey, you remember that phone call that Bardot made
Esposito : to that Midtown law firm on the day he died?
Esposito : Yeah. I went over there. Only nobody remembers the call.
Esposito : So without more to go on, Iooks like a dead end.
Esposito : Yeah, I'll keep you posted.
Esposito : Beckett's not here.
Esposito : She's at the Police Academy working a high-profile murder.
Esposito : One of the recruit officers was killed.
Castle : That's a little close to home. Are these the suspects?
Esposito : Yeah, and three more recruits just alibied out.
Castle : Your victim was killed by a fellow recruit?
Esposito : Appears so.
Esposito : And word is, these four were watching
Esposito : the fights at a local boxing gym at the time of the murder.
UNK: But that alibi is soft.
Ryan : Hey, just spoke with Liz from Vice.
UNK: The boxing gym is a notorious hotspot for illegal steroids.
UNK: Rumor has it that one of the trainers was dealing to a cop at the Academy.