UNK: Kate Beckett : - Good morning. - Hey.
Beckett : I'm surprised you're up,
Beckett : given how late you got in from LA last night.
UNK: Oh, mmm.
Castle : Well, I thought we could play a little catch-up before you got off to work.
UNK: I'm all ears. Thanks.
UNK: Careful. I made it a little strong this morning.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Yes, that will wake the dead.
Castle : Would certainly make your job a lot easier.
UNK: One interview. "He's the guy who killed me." Case closed.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: I'm guessing that you found out something about your missing time.
Beckett : And that's what you want to catch up with me on.
UNK: Uh, yeah. Actually, yeah, I did. Um...
Castle : But I was thinking, how about we eat first?
Beckett : Oh, wow. That bad?
UNK: Knock-knock. Are you decent?
UNK: Mother!
Martha : Oh, welcome home, darling.
Castle : Oh, what a pleasant surprise.
UNK: You know, you could've called first.
UNK: I didn't wanna disturb you in case you wanted to sleep in.
Martha : Oh, darling.
Martha : I thought I would just sneak in and make my boy a little breakfast.
Martha : Oh, well. Phooey, you beat me to it.
Castle : - Yeah. I... - You expecting someone?
Castle : Oh, just old habit.
Castle : So did you really come just to make me breakfast?
Castle : Because that does not sound like you.
UNK: Oh, pishposh.
Martha : Actually, I just got an advance copy of my book
Martha : that I wanted you to see.
Castle : Unsolicited Advice, by Martha Rodgers.
UNK: Mother, I'm so proud ofyou.
Martha : Oh, thank you. Read the dedication.
UNK: "For Richard."
UNK: "Without your constant stumbles in life,"
UNK: "the advice in this book would not have been possible."
UNK: "Constant stumbles"?
Martha : Let's not make this about you.
Castle : One second.
Castle : Hey, where are you?
UNK: Hallway.
UNK: I snuck out through the bedroom.
UNK: That would be the height of irony, huh?
UNK: We manage to successfully hide our relationship from LokSat,
UNK: only to get outed by your mom.
UNK: Look, do you want me to stay back at lunch
UNK: so we can talk about what you found?
Castle : No, no, okay, that's...
Castle : - I'll see you tonight. - Okay.
Beckett : Listen, I gotta go.
Beckett : - I love you. - Bye.
Martha : So, I just wanted to say...
Beckett : This is Beckett.
UNK: All right, guys, what do we got?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Right now our victim is a John Doe.
UNK: Javier Esposito : There's no phone or ID on the victim.
UNK: But we scanned his prints and we're running them now.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : From the blood trail, it looks like
UNK: Kevin Ryan : he was shot around the corner and collapsed here.
Beckett : Okay. I'm still not sure why you needed the Captain to come down.
UNK: Lanie Parrish : Our victim was shot in the back.
UNK: Lanie Parrish : He bled out within a few minutes.
UNK: Lanie Parrish : Then the killer took the time and the risk to cut out the bullet.
Esposito : Obviously our killer was worried that ballistics would lead back to him.
Beckett : Which means the gun's already in the system.
Beckett : - Do you have a time of death? - Between 9 : 00 and midnight.
Ryan : Got a hit on the fingerprint match.
Ryan : Our victim's name is Daniel Bardot.
Ryan : He's a recruit officer at the NYPD Academy.
Esposito : He's one of us.
UNK: We got Bardot's phone records. GPS was turned off on his cell.
Esposito : We still don't know what he was doing in that neighborhood.
Beckett : What about calls?
UNK: Last call he made was at 5 : 30 to a law firm in Midtown.
UNK: Only lasted a minute. Vikram's checking it out.
UNK: Training Officer : My granny's stronger than all three ofyou guys combined!
Esposito : - Bad flashbacks, bro. - You gotta want it.
Ryan : Push-ups were the answer to everything around this place.
UNK: But police work is more than just strength and endurance.
Ryan : It's about intellectual rigor.
Beckett : Oh, come on, you guys, it wasn't all that bad here.
UNK: Says the Academy all-star.
UNK: Oh, look, "Recruit Officer Beckett."
UNK: "Recruit Officer Beckett. Recruit Officer Beckett."
UNK: I'm gonna go download with the Academy Commissioner,
Beckett : you guys head over to Bardot's dorm room.
Beckett : There's gotta be a clue here as to who his killer is.
Beckett : Hi, Deputy Commissioner Malone, I'm Captain Kate Beckett.
UNK: Captain, nice to finally meet you.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : You're a bit of a legend around these parts.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : Recruits have been gunning for your records
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : since I got here five years ago.
UNK: Deputy Commissioner Malone : - So far no one's gotten close. - Yeah, well, they will.
Beckett : Every record falls in the end.
Malone : Here's Bardot's file.
Malone : I've assigned his instructor, Sergeant Ortiz, to be your liaison.
Malone : - You know Sergeant Ortiz? - Yeah, I do.
Beckett : He was my instructor when I was here.
UNK: His tough love is the reason my name is on all of those plaques out there.
Malone : - Come in, Sergeant. - Thank you, sir.
UNK: Sergeant Ortiz : - Captain Beckett. - It's so good to see you, Sergeant.
Beckett : So, what can you tell me about Daniel Bardot?
Malone : He was an admirable kid. Got a rough start in life.
Malone : His parents were killed in a robbery when he was nine.
UNK: It's not surprising when you grow up in Hunts Point.
Beckett : The Irish Mafia's backyard.
Beckett : There's not a lot of good cops coming out of that dirty furnace.
UNK: You don't have to tell me.