UNK: I went toe-to-toe with that hood, "Lucky Jack" Flanagan,
UNK: Iong before I was teaching you.
UNK: We never could make a charge stick on that guy.
UNK: Bardot must've had a lot offortitude to make it all the way over here.
Ortiz : He was definitely driven.
Ortiz : But he also had a tendency to let emotion get the best of him.
Ortiz : He'd rush into situations without thinking.
UNK: And it'd gotten worse the last few days.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Ortiz : He kept fumbling a tactical drill he usually aced,
Ortiz : so I pulled him aside and confronted him.
UNK: He said he'd screwed something up in his personal life
UNK: and didn't know what to do.
UNK: I told him to cowboy up and set it right.
Ortiz : Now I'm thinking he died trying to do just that.
UNK: You didn't tellKate whathappenedin Los Angeles?
UNK: Hayley Shipton : - You chickened out. - I did not chicken out, all right?
Castle : I was interrupted.
UNK: And now I'm wondering whether it was a sign from the universe.
UNK: What?
Hayley : The universe sent your mother? To tell you what?
UNK: To take my own advice.
UNK: I am erasing ourmindfora reason.
UNK: To protectKate.
Hayley : Okay. Enough. Go and talk to your wife.
Castle : If I hadn't wiped my memory,
Castle : Beckett's friends at the AG's office might still be alive.
Castle : What if she can't forgive me?
Hayley : That decision's not yours to make, Rick.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Bardot's room is huge compared to the one I lived in.
Ryan : Thing was barely a closet.
Esposito : Yeah, I never really bunked on campus.
Esposito : I got enough of communal living when I was in the army.
Esposito : Besides, you can't really bring
UNK: Rachel Decker : What are you doing in here?
Esposito : Investigating a homicide. who are you?
Decker : Recruit Officer Rachel Decker.
Esposito : - Did you know Daniel Bardot? - Yes, sir.
Decker : He was in my training company.
Esposito : Do you know what he was doing last night?
Decker : No, sir. we invited him to go out with us, but he begged off.
UNK: Sir, ifthere's any way I can help with this investigation, I want in.
Ortiz : You forget your place, Decker?
Ortiz : You're not even a lowly uniform.
Ortiz : What could you possibly offer these distinguished detectives?
UNK: Insight.
UNK: - Did you train alongside Officer Bardot? - Yes, ma'am.
Beckett : So you forged a bond with him against the evil Sergeant Ortiz.
Beckett : Which means you have information on Bardot that his higher-ups do not.
Beckett : - Is that correct, recruit? - Yes.
UNK: So then tell me, what was he struggling with?
Beckett : What did he need to set right?
Decker : I don't know. Sorry.
UNK: Way to face-plant in front of a superior, Decker.
Ortiz : This is Captain Beckett.
Decker : - Captain, I... - You're dismissed, recruit.
Beckett : - That was a little harsh, don't you think? - I do not.
Ortiz : Being put in her place is exactly what Decker needs.
Ortiz : She's the real deal.
Ortiz : Her name could very well be on all your trophies
Ortiz : by the time she's done here.
Ortiz : But she desperately needs to learn a little humility.
Beckett : Lanie, you find anything in the autopsy?
Lanie : I did. The bullet broke up when it hit a rib.
Lanie : Bardot's killer didn't get all the pieces.
Lanie : I managed to pull a small fragment from a kidney.
UNK: I got a ballistics match.
UNK: The .9 mm that fired, it is in the database.
Lanie : Kate, it's NYPD.
Lanie : Registered to the Academy.
Ryan : The murder weapon is missing from the weapons cage
Ryan : assigned to Bardot's company, Company 38.
UNK: Lock on the CCTV security closet was jimmied open.
UNK: Someone killed the security cameras in the weapons room
UNK: between 7 : 30 and 7 : 35 last night.
Malone : At that hour, it's mainly recruits who are left in the building.
UNK: AII faculty resides off campus.
UNK: And only members of Company 38 have access to that weapons cage.
Beckett : So our killer is one of Bardot's fellow recruits.
UNK: Fourteen suspects who eat, drink and sleep
UNK: police training and techniques.
UNK: Dave Chambers : Captain on deck.
UNK: Who have spent months learning how we catch killers.
UNK: Which makes them uniquely equipped to plan a murder.
UNK: So we are gonna have to use every trick in the book
UNK: to uncover who killed Daniel Bardot.
Beckett : At ease, officers. Take a seat.
UNK: Company 38, this is Captain Beckett of the 12th Precinct.
Ortiz : Because of last night's tragic event,
Ortiz : she will be joining us today as a special guest instructor.
Ortiz : Respect her, or your ass will meet my boot.
Beckett : Thank you, Sergeant.
Beckett : First of all, let me assure you
Beckett : that I have the best NYPD detectives
UNK: Iooking into Officer Bardot's murder.
Beckett : That being said, this is not going to be the last time
UNK: that you lose one ofyour coworkers.
Beckett : That is a reality of this job.
Beckett : The temptation is going to be to remain stoic in the face of adversity,
Beckett : to lock up your emotions so as not to appear weak.
Beckett : That is a mistake.
Beckett : Avoid that temptation at all costs.
UNK: Trust me, I have been at the edge of that map, and monsters lie there.
Beckett : Now, look around.
Beckett : This is your team.
UNK: No one is gonna understand what you are feeling
Beckett : Better than the woman or man sitting next to you.
Beckett : So use them.
Beckett : Officer Chambers.
Beckett : I'm very sorry about the loss ofyour fellow recruit.
Beckett : How do you feel?
Chambers : The city lost a great cop, ma'am.
Chambers : We should all aspire to be a guardian ofjustice like he was.
Beckett : Is that a PR statement for the Post?
UNK: One ofyour brothers was gunned down. I asked you how you felt.
UNK: Jane Lopez : We feel pissed off, Captain.
UNK: Steve Takata : Yeah. Set us loose.
UNK: Steve Takata : Let us track down the son of a bitch who did this.
Beckett : Well, Officer Decker already volunteered her services
Beckett : for that very role.
Decker : The offer still stands, Captain.
Decker : And frankly, I didn't become a cop to get in touch with my feelings.
Decker : I'm here because bad people exist in the world.
Decker : And I can't wait to start putting them in prison, where they belong.
UNK: AII right. Get ready for your training session.
Ortiz : I just checked the front gate log.
Ortiz : Ten of the recruits were off campus at the time of Bardot's murder.
UNK: AII right, well, these three all have the same hand stamp.
Beckett : The club across the street had a sign from last night offering karaoke.
UNK: So I'm gonna have my detectives run these photos over there,
UNK: but I'm guessing they're gonna alibi out.
Ortiz : - Leaving these seven. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You know, ifword gets out that these recruits are suspects,
Ortiz : it'll haunt their careers.
Ortiz : Even if proved innocent.
Beckett : Well, then, we need to keep it to a tight circle.
UNK: So what's the next move?
Beckett : Well, I think it's a safe bet that if one these seven killed Bardot,
Beckett : it was their first murder.
Beckett : And unless they're a complete psychopath,
Beckett : which the psych eval would have revealed,
UNK: then they spent a long, dark night of the soul.