Rhett : I believe our fascination with zombies is a cultural phenomenon.
Rhett : A commentary on the inner numbness of modern life.
Beckett : Yeah, okay. Do either of you recognize this, uh, zombie?
Rhett : That's Kyle.
Rhett : Kyle Jennings.
Esposito : NYPD! Kyle Jennings.
Esposito : Is that him?
RYAN : Yeah, that's him.
UNK: Kyle!
Ryan : He's dead.
BECKETT : So do we have cause of death?
UNK: I assume by "we" you mean me.
Perlmutter : I'll have answers after I cut him open.
UNK: Charming.
UNK: Yeah, we're all meat, Castle. Get over it.
Perlmutter : What I can tell you is, his teeth match the bite marks
Perlmutter : and the blood on his clothes came from the victim.
Rhett : Kyle Jennings is your killer.
UNK: Well, the question is, who killed him?
Perlmutter : Isn't that always the question?
CASTLE : Ah, if...
UNK: EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION What is it, Castle?
UNK: No, I was just wondering,
Castle : before this man died, he was behaving exactly like a zombie.
Castle : Is there any medical way to determine
Castle : if he actually was
UNK: one? SCOFFS
Perlmutter : Why is he in my morgue?
Perlmutter : There are no zombies, Castle.
Perlmutter : This is a man.
Perlmutter : He was a live man, now he's a dead man. End of story.
UNK: YELLS ALL SCREAM
UNK: EXCLAIMS
CASTLE : He's undead? EXCLAIMS
UNK: BECKETT CRIES OUT
Beckett : Castle, call for backup!
Castle : How do I... Nine.
UNK: Nine. Nine.
Castle : Is there a police code for "zombie on the loose"?
Beckett : So based on the latest report from the ER,
Beckett : Kyle Jennings was transferred up to ICU.
Beckett : He is stable, but under sedation.
Ryan : I'm telling you, that guy was dead.
Esposito : Remind me never to choke on a chicken bone in front of you.
Ryan : Hey, you checked that guy. So did the paramedics.
Beckett : Whoa, you guys!
UNK: I'm sure that there's a medical explanation for it.
Castle : There's an explanation, all right.
Beckett : Besides that one.
Castle : Come on, you were there, you saw it. He rose from the dead.
Beckett : He didn't rise from the dead, Castle.
Beckett : He wasn't dead in the first place.
Esposito : He's not a zombie, Castle. He's just a murderer.
Castle : Well, then, what was his motive
Castle : for murder, Detective Esposito?
Castle : Kyle sold insurance. He had no criminal record.
Castle : There's no evidence he even knew our victim.
Beckett : He's a human killer, with a human motive.
Castle : Or he's a zombie killer, with a zombie motive.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: WHISPERING Tasty brains.
UNK: SOFTLY Castle, do you really believe in all this zombie stuff?
Ryan : Because I would swear on my nana's grave
Ryan : that Kyle Jennings was dead.
Castle : No. You know what I do believe in?
Castle : Driving Beckett crazy.
Ryan : Yeah, I have to say, it's good to see you guys hitting it off again.
Beckett : Well, Castle, looks like we will get
Beckett : our motive straight from the source.
Beckett : Mr. Kyle Jennings is officially awake.
Beckett : Kyle, I'm Detective Beckett, this is Mr. Castle.
UNK: Kyle Jennings : What am I doing here? Why are there cops outside?
UNK: Kyle Jennings : No one's telling me anything What, was I mugged or something?
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions about David Lock.
UNK: Who?
Castle : This man.