UNK: Yeah, I remember from last time.
UNK: Now, you said that you've never seen him before?
UNK: Well, CHUCKLES he'd be hard to miss, right?
UNK: Yeah, it's funny, 'cause Kyle said he saw you.
BECKETT : Yeah, he says you were at the zombie walk.
UNK: You never told us that you're part of the zombie subculture.
Tom : Detective, I'm pre-law.
Tom : I have no time for regular culture, let alone subculture.
Castle : Tom, you're too modest. A number of zombies sang your praises.
Beckett : Yeah, apparently you're the go-to guy
Beckett : for the real zombie experience with the scopolamine.
Tom : The what?
Beckett : You're a kid from Ridgewood, Tom. You don't even have a job.
Beckett : And yet you manage to afford a really nice apartment
Beckett : and you're able to pay your tuition.
Tom : I took out student loans.
UNK: Look, STUTTERING I'm not a drug dealer.
Castle : You were trying to get ahead, you know, make a life with Greta.
Castle : And then she steps out with some Wall Street douche
UNK: who just would not let her go.
BECKETT : David wanted to see Greta the night that he was killed.
Beckett : She said no. We canvassed the area.
Beckett : He was seen sitting in his car outside of your apartment.
Castle : When you left that night, he followed you to the zombie walk.
Castle : I'm betting he told you he was gonna fight for Greta.
Beckett : He was handsome, he had money.
Beckett : The two of them had a history. I mean, you knew you couldn't compete.
CASTLE : Yeah, especially if David told Greta
Castle : you're nothing but a low-life drug dealer.
Castle : You had to take matters into your own hands.
Castle : Or, more specifically, Kyle's hands.
BECKETT : So you had this brilliant plan.
Beckett : You dosed Kyle with scopolamine, told him to kill David,
UNK: thinking nobody will ever figure it out.
Castle : Actually, that last pa rt didn't work out so well.
UNK: Yeah.
Tom : All you have is the word of a few whacked-out zombies.
Tom : That's not even close to probable cause.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's all I need to keep you here for 24 hours.
Beckett : And by then, I will have my proof.
Tom : No, you won't.
Beckett : He's right. We've got nothing.
UNK: "Nothing" is a strong word.
Beckett : The only person that can
Beckett : link Tom to the killing is Kyle,
Beckett : and he doesn't remember anything.
Beckett : And on top of all of that,
Beckett : the evidence shows that Kyle alone committed the murder.
Castle : Well, when you put it like that, yes, it sounds a little bleak.
Beckett : Maybe this is it.
Beckett : What every homicide cop fears.
Beckett : The perfect murder.
UNK: No, this is not the perfect murder.
UNK: It can't be. It happens.
Castle : Not to me. Not unless I've written it.
Castle : No, we're just missing something.
UNK: Like proof. Without it, we did the only thing we could.
Beckett : We went at Tom head on, he didn't blink. We're out of moves.
UNK: We got one move left.
Beckett : We went at Tom head on. Now we need to go at him sideways.
Castle : And I know just what to do.
Beckett : Greta, I know how you feel.
Beckett : You're in love with Tom and you want to see the best in him.
Beckett : But you have to look at the facts.
Greta : What you're saying isn't true, okay? None of it is.
Castle : Well, then, take the money.
Beckett : How is he able to pay for an apartment in Manhattan?
Greta : Not by being a drug dealer, I'll tell you that much.
Beckett : What about that engagement ring?
Beckett : How can he afford that?
Greta : He said it was his grandmother's.
Castle : Greta, you are my last chance.
Beckett : If you don't help me,
UNK: an innocent man is gonna go to prison for life.
Beckett : For David's murder.
UNK: No. Tom's the innocent one.
UNK: Okay?
Greta : You got your killer, and it's not my fiance.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Tom : Still waiting on that proof of yours.
UNK: No?
UNK: Nothing?
UNK: Ah...
UNK: Well, thanks for the hospitality.
Tom : Is there a comment card I could fill out
Tom : about the level of service I received?
Beckett : You're free to go.
Castle : Take advantage while you can.
UNK: Yeah, Greta told me about your little conversation.
UNK: That was your big play? To use my own fiancee against me?
Beckett : She's gonna figure out who you are, sooner or later.
Beckett : So what are you gonna do about it then?
UNK: Yo, Kyle Jennings made bai Got released a couple of hours ago.
Tom : Wait. Kyle is out?
UNK: His bail was set at $1,000,000. Where did he get the money?
Esposito : Turns out he's got an uncle who's got some serious dough.
Beckett : I'd steer clear of him, if I was you.
Tom : What kind of lies did you tell him?
BECKETT : We didn't tell him anything.
Beckett : But Kyle's a smart guy. He's gonna do the math.
Tom : I want police protection.
Castle : I thought you didn't do anything wrong.
Beckett : I didn't, but thanks to you,
Tom : Kyle thinks that I did and now he's out there.
UNK: SCOFFS
Tom : You're releasing me
Tom : with knowledge and forethought that he could attack me.
Tom : If he does, think about the lawsuit I'll file against you.
Castle : Detective Esposito, please process Mr. Williams
Beckett : and then escort him to his apartment, make sure it's clear.
UNK: And then after that, you are on your own.
UNK: I'll be sure to check "excellent service" on that comment card.