Charlie : And he stared right past me with this weird look on his face.
UNK: And then he said, "What the hell is that?"
Charlie : What the hell was it?
UNK: I couldn't tell at first 'cause suddenly it was all over us.
Beckett : Wait, you were attacked, too?
Charlie : Yeah, but it was mostly after David.
Charlie : I mean, it was just wailing on him.
Charlie : I elbowed it in the head and it didn't even slow down.
UNK: Okay, what do you mean by "it"? I called 911, I told them.
Charlie : They didn't believe me, no one believes me!
Beckett : Just tell us what you saw.
Charlie : As long as you promise you'll believe me.
Beckett : Yeah, fine, I promise.
Charlie : Promise that you will use your gun on me when I start to turn.
UNK: "Turn"? What do you mean, "Turn"?
Charlie : The thing that bit me, that killed David?
Charlie : It was a zombie.
Charlie : A zombie?
COLEMAN : ON RECORDING It was a zombie. A freaking zombie!
UNK: 911 OPERATOR : ON RECORDING Sir, can you repeat that, please?
COLEMAN : A zombie. The undead.
UNK: Man, with those dead eyes and flaps
UNK: of rotting skin coming off its face.
UNK: 911 OPERATOR : Sir, this is for emergencies only.
UNK: Are you having an emergency?
COLEMAN : Yes! I'm having a major
UNK: emergency here! Don't you get it?
UNK: This thing just killed someone and it bit me!
UNK: I'm gonna turn! I'm next!
UNK: RECORDING STOPS
Castle : Now, Charlie made this 911 call moments after the attack.
Castle : Does it sound like he's faking to you?
Beckett : It sounds like Charlie's having a psychotic break.
Beckett : What if his guilt made him snap
Beckett : and he created a fantasy in which
Beckett : zombies killed David and not him?
Castle : I'm not so sure.
Castle : I mean, his voice does have that
Castle : authentic ring of pants-wetting terror.
Beckett : You do not believe in Charlie's story.
Castle : I believe he believes it.
Beckett : Okay, well, whatever you believe,
UNK: all of the evidence points to the fact
Beckett : that Charlie Coleman is our killer.
Epsosito : Maybe not all the evidence.
Epsosito : CSU analyzed that bite mark on Charlie's arm.
UNK: Turns out that it matches the bite mark on our victim.
Beckett : Maybe Charlie bit David and then he bit himself?
UNK: Well, I was thinking the same thing, but CSU also says
Esposito : that the bite marks weren't made by Charlie's teeth.
CASTLE : Oh, wait, um...
UNK: Sorry. Let me make sure I understand
UNK: so that I might properly relish this moment.
Castle : You're saying the evidence shows that Charlie and the victim
Castle : both were bitten by an as yet unknown third party?
Esposito : That's what I just said. Perhaps even
Castle : a mindless,
UNK: shuffling, undead third party?
Beckett : Castle, just stop. There's no such thing as a zombie.
RYAN : Guys.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : You gotta see this.
Ryan : So I was combing through security cam
Ryan : footage near the parking garage,
Ryan : and I found this.
UNK: Time stamp's 4 : 06 a.m., which fits time of death. That's our guy.
Castle : Yeah, but it's not Charlie.
BECKETT : Wait, what is he wearing?
Beckett : That looks like an old-fashioned suit.
Castle : Circa 1870,
Castle : and his shirt's missing a cuff.
UNK: Whoa! He almost got hit by that taxi. Didn't even flinch.
Ryan : Well, maybe this is why. Look what we get from the other angle.
Castle : My friends,
Castle : that is a zombie.
Castle : Our killer's a zombie!