Kyle : I don't know him.
Beckett : Two nights ago, he went on a zombie walk.
Beckett : Did the two of you meet there?
Ryan : I'm telling you, I've never seen the guy before.
Kyle : What is this about?
Beckett : He was murdered. Beaten to death.
Castle : What happened at that zombie walk?
Kyle : I can't remember.
BECKETT : What was the last thing you do remember?
Kyle : I got dressed to head over there.
UNK: Next thing I know, I woke up in the morgue.
Beckett : Did you drink or do drugs that night?
Kyle : I don't do that stuff.
Kyle : Look, I didn't hurt anyone, okay? I would never do that.
UNK: I just... I don't remember anything.
Beckett : Well, the victim's blood was found on your clothes.
Beckett : Bite marks match your teeth.
Beckett : The cuff of your shirt was clutched in his hand.
Beckett : And a security camera caught our killer on tape.
Beckett : Is that you, Kyle?
UNK: Yes. That's me.
Beckett : I think you're gonna need a lawyer.
UNK: BREATHING DEEPLY
Castle : So Kyle killed someone he never met for no reason.
Castle : Is that what we're supposed to believe?
Beckett : Well, isn't that what you said zombies do?
UNK: It is with a sad heart I say that that man is no zombie.
Beckett : Even though he rose from the dead?
Castle : It's common knowledge when you turn into a zombie,
Castle : you cannot turn back.
Beckett : So you concede to the fact that there's
Beckett : a medical explanation to all of this.
Castle : I concede to nothing.
Castle : Except that Kyle is not telling us the whole story.
Beckett : You think he remembers?
UNK: When a life-altering moment occurs, people remember.
Beckett : Well, maybe it's too big to deal with. Maybe he
Beckett : can't face it just yet.
Martha : Do you think he ever will be?
UNK: Hopefully. If he feels safe.
UNK: Perlmutter!
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Perlmutter : I came to tend to one of my patients, Kyle Jennings.
UNK: Uh...
Martha : Do you think that's such a good idea?
UNK: I'll have you know I am perfectly capable of treating living patients.
Perlmutter : I simply prefer not to.
UNK: I've made an exception here
Perlmutter : because the results of his blood work are quite unusual.
Mike : What do you mean?
Perlmutter : Kyle Jennings had scopolamine in his system,
Perlmutter : which, in small doses, is used to treat motion sickness.
Perlmutter : In larger doses, it acts on the central nervous system
Perlmutter : to promote compliant and suggestible behavior.
Castle : Exactly how suggestible?
Perlmutter : You'll basically do whatever you're told.
Perlmutter : It's like a date rape drug, only the victim remains conscious.
Perlmutter : And when the drug wears off,
UNK: they have no recollection of what happened.
Castle : Is it possible somebody slipped Kyle that drug?
Perlmutter : I think it's highly probable that they did.
BECKETT : What time do you think he was given the scopolamine?
UNK: Between 2 : 45 and 3 : 45 the night of the murder.
Beckett : That's when he was on that zombie walk.
UNK: Someone on the zombie walk drugged Kyle and sent him after David.
Castle : Kyle's innocent.
UNK: Far from a random act of zombie mayhem,
Castle : this murder was fiendishly deliberate. It was meticulously planned.
Beckett : By someone with a powerful motive.
Castle : With access to those drugs.
Beckett : Who was also at our zombie walk.
Castle : But we interviewed those people.
Castle : There's no evidence that David knew any of them
Castle : or had anything to do with the zombie scene.
Castle : Well, we know he was down there.
Beckett : He had to have gone there for a reason.
Beckett : Maybe our best bet is to work this through the drug angle.
Ryan : I got started on that, and I did some research on scopolamine.
UNK: Nice. Quite the list of side effects
Ryan : including drowsiness, confusion, slurred speech.
UNK: Death.
Beckett : Is it available on the street?
Ryan : It's uncommon, but it's out there. And get this,
Ryan : users refer to it as the "zombie drug."
Castle : And I know just the zombie to tell us all about it.
UNK: Hey, what is this? I answered all your guys' questions.
Beckett : When you were here last time, what were you on?
UNK: On? What do you... What do you mean?
Beckett : You were under the influence, Paul.
UNK: Heavily under the influence. Was it scopolamine?
Paul : Whoa, what now?
Beckett : Do you use the zombie drug?
Paul : I suppose that's possible.
Beckett : Do any of the other zombies use it?
Paul : Some do.
UNK: Some say it enhances the zombie experience.
Beckett : Where did you get it?
UNK: A guy down there sells the stuff. Who? What's his name?
Esposito : I don't know. I never asked.
Beckett : Well, describe him.
Paul : Dark hair. Tall, over six feet.
Beckett : Is this him?
Ryan : Yeah. That's him.
BECKETT : Thanks for coming in again, Tom.
Tom : Sure. Though I'm not sure what I can do. I heard you caught the guy.
BECKETT : Yeah, well, we just needed
Beckett : you to help us tie up a few loose ends.
Beckett : So, this is our suspect, Kyle Jennings.