Perlmutter : Probably blunt force trauma to the head, where it hit the concrete.
Beckett : Wallet and cash?
Esposito : Still intact, so it definitely wasn't a mugging.
UNK: Savage beating at 4 : 00 a.m. There must be some motive.
BECKETT : Is this a bite mark on his arm?
Castle : It's not just a bite mark.
Perlmutter : Look at the skin. You see how it's torn?
Perlmutter : The killer latched on and shook
UNK: like a pit bull, trying to tear off the flesh.
UNK: Thanks, think we got it.
Beckett : Anything else?
Esposito : Just this. It was found in our victim's hand.
Esposito : It was probably torn off the killer's shirt during the struggle.
UNK: That's a lace cuff, hand-stitched, pearl buttons,
Castle : I'd say this w as circa 1870.
Castle : I did a lot of research on the era.
Castle : I was writing a book. A comedy about the Civil War.
Castle : Turns out, not so funny.
Perlmutter : You don't say.
Esposito : Who would beat a guy to death wearing a 150-year-old shirt?
Castle : You know, the bigger question is,
Beckett : why was he attacked here, where he worked?
UNK: You might wanna ask his boss. Mike Matthews.
UNK: Mike Matthews : I can't believe it.
Beckett : We think that David was killed around 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Do you have any idea why he was here so early?
Mike : David handled the Asian markets, so he usually got in by 4 : 00.
Mike : He was a terrific kid. He was hard-working, well-liked.
Beckett : And was that the consensus?
Mike : What do you mean?
Beckett : I mean, did he have any conflicts with anyone at work?
Mike : Actually, yeah, there was an incident last week.
Mike : Someone keyed his car. Who?
Mike : David thought it was Charlie Coleman, one of my other traders.
Mike : The two of them were vying for a promotion and I went with David.
Mike : Charlie didn't take it too well.
Beckett : What time does Charlie usually show up for work?
UNK: 4 : 00 a.m., same time as David.
Mike : Look, Charlie's kind of an oddball,
UNK: but I don't see him mixed up in this.
BECKETT : We're gonna need to talk to him anyway.
Mike : That's strange. His car is right there next to David's.
Castle : Why is that strange?
Mike : Because Charlie never came into the office this morning.
Beckett : What's his address?
Castle : Well, that's a shame. This case had some real promise.
Castle : Savage bite marks? Reconstruction era clothing?
Castle : It's a mystery here. A whiff of intrigue.
Castle : Now we're just slapping cuffs on some disgruntled employee.
Castle : Just wanted this one to be special.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I'm sorry it's not entertaining enough for you, Castle.
Beckett : Charlie Coleman, NYPD. Open up.
COLEMAN : Stay away! It isn't safe!
Beckett : Stand back.
Charlie : It's for your own good! Don't come in!
Charlie : You can't come in here! CASTLE : Sorry, Charlie.
BECKETT : Charlie, you okay? Anyone here?
UNK: No, no, no, no. Get back! Get away from me!
UNK: Listen, we just got to ask you a few questions.
Charlie : You need to leave, you need to leave right now!
Charlie : It's not safe!
Castle : Relax, Charlie, relax. We're cops.
Charlie : You're a cop? Yeah.
Charlie : Is that your gun?
UNK: Yeah.
Charlie : You need to shoot me. Do it now!
Charlie : Do it! Do it!
UNK: Good, Charlie? You feeling better?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Just got to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about what happened this morning with you and David.
Beckett : Did you see him in the parking structure?
UNK: Yeah, he'd just pulled in.
Charlie : I said hello, he said hello. The two of us aren't real friendly.
Castle : So we've heard. What happened next?
Charlie : And then he stopped.