Ryan : Well, the lab ID'd a chemical
Ryan : found recently deposited on the bottom of David Lock's shoes.
Beckett : What kind of chemical?
Ryan : Uh, I won't even begin to try to pronounce it,
UNK: but it is used in three factories in New York and New Jersey.
Beckett : The night that David was killed, he went to a gas station on Houston.
Beckett : Which one of those factories is closest to Houston?
Ryan : The one on the Lower East Side,
Ryan : but it's been closed for over a year.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : Well, we know now this is, in fact, an abandoned factory.
UNK: In a desolate, godforsaken alley.
UNK: DOG BARKING BOTTLES BREAKING
Beckett : Imagination getting the better of you, Castle?
Charlie : No, no. Of course not.
Castle : Just wish we had more to show for our efforts, that's all.
Charlie : The thing that I don't get is,
Beckett : why would a currency trader like David Lock come down here?
Beckett : It just doesn't make any sense.
UNK: Unless he had a dark side we know nothing about.
Beckett : Like what?
Castle : All I know is that normal people
Castle : don't come to places like this at 2 : 00 a.m. in the morning.
Castle : In fact, I think I've seen enough, haven't you?
UNK: SOFT SHUFFLING
Beckett : Wait. Do you hear that?
Castle : I'm not falling for that.
Charlie : No, no, no, I'm serious. Listen.
UNK: Footsteps. Yeah.
Castle : Lots of them.
UNK: Oh, my God, they're after us! They're after us!
Castle : Who is?
UNK: What are you people doing? Don't just stand there! Run!
Tom : Come on!
Beckett : What the hell's going on?
UNK: MOANING
UNK: GRUNTING
CASTLE : STUTTERING That's a zombie...
Castle : That's a zombie horde!
BECKETT : There's no such thing as zombies.
Castle : I'm sure I don't have to tell you to aim for the head.
Castle : Beckett! Behind us. We're surrounded.
Castle : Oh, jeez. Oh, jeez.
Castle : You don't have enough bullets.
UNK: ZOMBIES MOANING
Castle : It's ground zero for World War Z.
Castle : Get behind me. We'll have to fight our way out.
Martha : Uh... uh...
UNK: This is so not cool.
BECKETT : There's no way this is real.
UNK: NYPD!
Beckett : Stop moving now!
Beckett : And stop pretending to be zombies!
Paul : Hey, hey, hey, take it easy. We're just zombie walking here.
Castle : You're what?
Paul : Zombie walking. It's like an amped up form of tag.
Paul : We dress up like zombies and we chase the normals.
Woman : That would be us.
ZOMBIE : Yeah, if we tag them, we turn them.
UNK: And then they become zombies, too.
Paul : Look, if this is because we didn't get a permit...
BECKETT : It's not!
Beckett : You're all coming with me now.
UNK: How did I not know about this?
Castle : This is outstanding! Did you do this yourself?
UNK: Ugh!
CASTLE : Being a fan of zombie lore, I get it.
Castle : But what's the appeal of being a zombie?
Castle : Look at this guy.
Castle : Who would want to be alive in a decayed, mindless state?
Castle : Being a vampire, that I understand.
Castle : That's the romantic route to immortality.
Castle : The gentleman's monster, as it were.
Beckett : Speaking of monsters,
Beckett : none of these zombies match the photo of our killer.
Castle : Maybe he's trying out a new look.
Castle : How about you?
Castle : If you could be any supernatural creature, what would it be?
Beckett : Van Helsing, no question.
Castle : Monster slayer. Befitting.
Beckett : And imagine,
Beckett : the monster that we are hunting might be in this very room.
UNK: All right, ladies, thanks for your help.
Esposito : I don't know about those shoes with that top.
UNK: I'm just saying, I would've went open-toed.
Beckett : Are you guys having more luck than we are?
ESPOSITO : Not at all.
Esposito : Oh, and guess what?
Esposito : None of these knuckleheads are real zombies.
Ryan : I think what my colleague means to say is that
Ryan : no one recognizes our zombie from
Ryan : the video or our victim, David Lock.
UNK: If David wasn't a part of the zombie crowd,
Beckett : then what was he doing down there?
UNK: He definitely wasn't part of our group, I can tell you that.
Beckett : What about you? Do you recognize him?
UNK: What?
Beckett : Paul, are you high right now?
Paul : Whoa. Whoa, hey, now.
Castle : Where is that LAUGHS coming from?