Martha : You're rather upbeat,
Martha : considering you said this wa your last case with Beckett.
Castle : That's because I am going out with a bang.
Castle : I have one word for you, Mother.
UNK: Zombie.
Martha : Too much makeup? You look lovely.
Castle : I'm referring to our victim being killed by one of the walking undead.
Castle : And I mean that literally. A zombie.
Castle : Security camera caught him in all his putrefying glory.
UNK: Whoo.
Martha : I don't suppose you downloaded this video, by chance?
Castle : Absolutely not. That video is police property.
Castle : It would be very, very wrong of me
UNK: to get a screen grab of it and email it to myself.
UNK: Well, it'll be our little secret, darling.
UNK: I'm actually surprised at your interest in this case, Mother.
Martha : Well, I really do know the difference
UNK: between a first-rate makeup job and actual decay.
UNK: You wanna see some real zombies,
Martha : check out the red carp et at the Tony Awards.
Castle : I thought I...
Castle : I thought I put this away.
Castle : Where is she?
Castle : Where is she? ELECTRONIC BEEPING
UNK: CACKLING
UNK: You were a fool to buy my act yesterday,
Alexis : and now you've fallen right into my trap.
Castle : You will pay dearly for your treachery.
UNK: Et tu, Mother? For luring me here?
Martha : Why, whatever do you mean?
UNK: Mmm. That's my girl.
Alexis : So what's this about a zombie?
COLEMAN : Oh, my God!
Charlie : I told you people. That's him. GROANS SOFTLY
Charlie : So vile and disgusting. That's the zombie that I saw.
Ryan : Well, we're not exactly sure that he's...
Charlie : What do you mean you're not sure? What else could he be?
UNK: The point is, this puts you in the clear. We're releasing you.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
Charlie : I'm not sure that's a good idea.
UNK: Charlie, if you were gonna turn, you would've done it by now.
Charlie : This thing. Have you caught it?
UNK: Not yet. Rest assured, we will.
Charlie : I'll just stay here.
Beckett : He won't leave?
Ryan : Charlie's pretty convinced about this whole zombie thing.
Beckett : Yeah, but that's just... That's ridiculous.
Castle : Or is it? Charlie has not been wrong yet.
Castle : Maybe our killer is Patient Zero,
UNK: out there right now in the streets of New York,
Castle : building an army of the undead.
Beckett : Castle, what we are looking for is not a zombie
Beckett : but a very smart criminal who murdered David Lock
Beckett : and is now making our only witness look crazy.
Beckett : And he also dressed up
Beckett : in makeup and a costume to hide his identity.
Castle : Unless that's not costume or makeup.
Ryan : I mean, he does look like a real zombie.
Ryan : A real zombie? I'm embarrassed for you, bro.
BECKETT : Okay, then explain this. Why would a zombie
Beckett : go after a currency trader at 4 : 00 a.m. in a garage?
Castle : This one's easy.
Castle : The more intelligent the victim, the more delicious the brains.
Beckett : So, returning to the land of facts...
Beckett : What did you find at the crime scene canvass?
ESPOSITO : Nada. Only in New York
UNK: can some guy dress like a frigging zombie
Esposito : and walk down the street unnoticed.
Ryan : I did find a gap in our timeline before the murder.
Mike : What do you mean? Well, according to the doorman,
UNK: victim left his apartment at 2 : 00 a.m. and he never came back.