UNK: He was killed at 4 : 00 a.m. What was he doing for two hours?
Esposito : I don't know, but he drove there.
UNK: His credit card showed that he gassed up on Houston at 2 : 44 a.m.
Castle : All right, let's figure out where he went.
Beckett : Trouble might have followed him to the garage.
Castle : Or a zombie did.
Esposito : I'll tell you where he went. Booty call.
Esposito : Tech guys pulled a text message off David's phone.
Esposito : He sent it to a chica the night he died, wanting to hook up with her.
Beckett : Does she have a name?
Esposito : Greta Mastroianni.
UNK: EXHALES I don't understand.
UNK: Greta Mastroianni : Who would do something like this to David?
RYAN : Did you see him that night?
Ryan : We know that he texted you, wanting to come over.
Greta : No. I called him and told him not to.
Greta : I split up with David about a week ago.
Greta : He was still trying to hold on.
UNK: Why did you two split up?
Greta : I'm engaged to Tom. Tom Williams.
Greta : We've been together five years.
Esposito : How did David figure in?
Greta : I met him when I was 21, visiting a cousin in LA.
Greta : We had an intense couple of weeks, you know.
UNK: Then three months ago, I ran into him at a coffee shop.
UNK: And did your fiance know about this affair with David?
Greta : Yeah, he found emails on my computer last week.
Esposito : And how did he react to that?
Greta : He was hurt. He threatened to leave me.
Greta : And that's when I realized what I was about to lose.
Greta : So I broke it off with David
Greta : and begged Tom to give me another chance, and he did.
Esposito : So where was Tom that night?
Greta : Home. We went to bed around 11 : 00.
Ryan : And he was there all night?
Ryan : Greta, where was Tom at 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: Look, I don't know, okay?
UNK: I woke up around 2 : 30 and he wasn't there.
UNK: I figured he w as watching TV in the living room.
UNK: But when I got up in the morning...
Ryan : He wasn't in the apartment. So where was he all night?
UNK: I see where you're getting at with this, okay?
Greta : But Tom had nothing to do with it.
Ryan : Did David email you from his office account?
Greta : Yeah. Why?
Esposito : Because that means that your fiance knew where David worked.
UNK: Tom Williams : Look, I can't say I feel bad this guy's dead,
UNK: Tom Williams : but I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : Even though he was trying to snake your fiancee?
Tom : He was out of the picture.
Tom : Greta made her choice and she picked me.
Beckett : Yeah, except he wouldn 't take "no" for an answer.
Castle : You know, I bet you found out that he was texting her
Beckett : and you decided to make him stop texting her permanently.
UNK: SCOFFS Well, you're wrong.
Tom : I never touched the dude. I never even met him.
Beckett : Yeah, but it had to have made you angry.
UNK: I won't lie to you, I mean, this whole thing has been tough.
Tom : But Greta and I are building a life together
UNK: and I think we're gonna come out of this stronger.
UNK: Tom, about how tall are you?
UNK: About six foot?
UNK: 6'2".
Beckett : So about the same heig ht as this guy, right?
Charlie : What the hell is that?
Tom : Come on. That's not me.
UNK: When you left the apartment that night,
UNK: where were you for the next hour and a half?
UNK: David was missing for the same amount of time, 2 : 30 to 4 : 00 a.m.
UNK: At the Hudson Law Library. Studying.
Beckett : You were at the library at that hour?
Tom : It's open 24/7 during finals. You can ask the librarian
Tom : and the 10 other people who were studying there.
Castle : I will.
UNK: DOOR OPENS AND SHUTS
Beckett : Tom's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was at the law library between 3 : 00 and 6 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : I really thought that he was our man.
UNK: And it's not like David Lock has any other enemies.
UNK: I mean, we already confirmed that
Beckett : with his friends and co-workers.
Castle : What about recently deceased friends and co-workers?
Beckett : Okay. Well, whatever or whoever this is,
Castle : can we at least agree that he looks like a zombie,
UNK: he dresses like a zombie and he acts like a zombie?
Beckett : And that helps us how?
Castle : We're looking at standard motives here.
Castle : But our killer isn't driven by revenge, greed or power.
Castle : Not if he thinks he's a zombie.
UNK: So then, by that line of thinking,
Beckett : his motive is a primal urge to kill?
Beckett : Regardless of who the victim is, he kills at random.
UNK: Precisely.
Beckett : Then how do you propose that we find a random killer
Beckett : in a city of eight million people?
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Maybe we start with where the victim went
Ryan : during those missing two hours.
Castle : Do tell.