Elle : She said no one's ever treated her that way before.
Beckett : Did she tell you anything else about him?
Beckett : The way he looked? Where they met?
Elle : No. All she said was he was every woman's fairy tale.
Elle : Rich, handsome, and generous.
UNK: Some fairy tale. I'll tell you this much,
Castle : there's a lot more to this story than an affair with a married man.
Beckett : Maybe, but we won't know what until we find him.
Beckett : Get on her phone records. See if you can ID this guy.
Ryan : Yeah, I'll have them pull her emails, too.
Castle : Anything on that symbol yet?
UNK: Put a call in to the feds.
Ryan : They're running it through their database right now.
UNK: What?
Castle : The way he left the body, the time it took.
UNK: Whoever did this, he liked it.
Lanie : If she had a boyfriend, nothing happened that night.
Lanie : There are no signs of sexual assault or activity.
Lanie : Death was by strangulation. Looks like a rope or a scarf.
Beckett : Were you able to narrow down a time?
UNK: Somewhere between 2 : 00 and 3 : 00 a.m., Saturday morning.
UNK: Lividity and pooling indicate the body was hung
Lanie : from the ceiling post-mortem.
Beckett : Why would he hang her body after he killed her?
UNK: - A ritual? - That's not all that's weird.
Lanie : Strangulation is a violent act.
Lanie : But there were no signs that she fought back.
Lanie : No skin under the fingernails, no bruising. So I did some checking.
Lanie : She was drugged.
Lanie : Lung tissue suggests exposure to chloroform.
UNK: Also your killer was careful. He was wearing gloves.
Castle : How can you tell?
Lanie : Traces of talcum powder on the body.
Lanie : The same talc used in surgical gloves
Lanie : or the evidence gloves that you use at the crime scenes.
Lanie : Whoever this person is, they knew exactly what they were doing.
Castle : He's done this before.
Beckett : Ritualistic killing, takes pleasure in it,
Beckett : significant care exhibited at the crime scene.
Castle : All the hallmarks of a serial killer.
Beckett : Yeah, but I've never seen this MO.
Ryan : Hey, bad news. The feds struck out on the symbol.
Ryan : It bears some similarities to some ancient alchemy signs,
Ryan : but they've never seen this one before.
Beckett : Any luck on the phone records?
Ryan : No, but she spent a lot of time on the phone to a blocked number.
Ryan : Phone company traced it to an unlisted burner phone with a stolen SIM.
Castle : - So he planned ahead. - Yeah.
Beckett : What about her emails?
Ryan : Nothing from her mystery lover.
Ryan : So I had them take a look at her hard drive.
Ryan : Turns out portions of it had been surgically wiped,
Ryan : like someone covering their tracks.
Castle : So, we're back to square one?
Beckett : Not necessarily. Tessa's roommate said that he gave her some jewelry.
Beckett : Maybe he left a fingerprint on one of those pieces.
Ryan : I'll head to her place, see what I can find out.
Castle : Jewelry. I never would've thought of that.
Beckett : I guess I'll have to remind you when my birthday's coming up.
Castle : Why, Detective Beckett, was that a hint you just dropped?
Beckett : Why, Mr. Castle, I do believe it was.
Castle : - Shameless. - Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : You got a second? I need a word.
Beckett : Okay, so, what's up?
Esposito : - We got the CSU report back. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : The inside of Tessa's apartment was wiped clean.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we expected that.
Esposito : Yeah, but we didn't expect this.
Esposito : CSU were able to pull prints off the outside doorknob
UNK: and from around the door frame.
Esposito : And they found a set that didn't match Tessa's or her roommate's.
Esposito : When they ran it, they found a match to someone else in the system.
Beckett : Okay. Who?
Esposito : Richard Castle.
UNK: Yeah, uh, that can't be right.
Beckett : You know what? It was probably just an accident.