Alexis : I'm meeting some friends for a study session and I'm already late.
Castle : What about your laundry?
UNK: It's okay. You know, get it later. Bye, Dad.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Well, I mean, she came home at least, right?
Castle : Yeah, I just wish it was for more than laundry and supplies.
Beckett : Did you get some writing done?
UNK: With Mother gone? You kidding? Two chapters.
Castle : But I gotta rewrite the crime scene. Right now it's boring.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Maybe this will inspire you, Castle. Pretty damn freaky.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Name's Tessa Horton, 29.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Roommate came home from a weekend away, found her up there.
UNK: Oh, jeez! Who puts a body on a ceiling?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Beats me, but I probably won't sleep for weeks.
UNK: It's like something out of one of your books, right?
Beckett : - Cause of death? - Ligature marks and petechia
Lanie : suggest strangulation.
Beckett : What about this wound on her forehead?
UNK: It was non-lethal.
UNK: Given the detail, looks like it was carved by some kind of razor.
Castle : It's a symbol of some kind.
Beckett : Do you recognize it?
Castle : No, but the killer went through a lot of trouble. It must mean something.
Beckett : It's not easy hanging a body, and she's at least 100 pounds.
UNK: I checked in with CSU.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : They found prints in the hallway, but the apartment is spotless.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Looks like it's been wiped down.
Esposito : This guy cleaned up after himself.
Castle : He didn't mind taking his time.
Beckett : So the killer knew that the roommate was gonna be out of town.
Beckett : What's the security like in this place?
Ryan : Buzzer on the front door, no doorman or security cameras.
UNK: But there's no sign of a forced entry, no sign of a struggle.
Beckett : She knew him.
Beckett : All right, canvass neighboring apartments
Beckett : for anyone that saw or heard anything.
UNK: And I wanna know what this symbol means.
Beckett : You know, if Tessa knew our killer,
Beckett : it's possible that her roommate could shed some light on all of this.
Elle : Every time I close my eyes, I see her hanging there.
Beckett : What did she do for a living?
Elle : She was an insurance broker for commercial real estate.
Elle : Kurtzman Insurance.
UNK: Did she have a lot of friends?
Elle : She was shy. And a workaholic.
Elle : I practically had to drag her out of the house.
Beckett : So, no boyfriend then?
Elle : Actually, she did start seeing someone. Maybe six weeks ago.
Castle : Do you know who?
Elle : That's the thing. She never did say.
Elle : She acted like it was some big secret,
Elle : like maybe he was married or something.
UNK: But he bought her jewelry, and took her to these fancy dinners.