UNK: Uh... So, is this you?
UNK: Castle Lookalike : Yeah. That was for a reality show on store security.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : It was an odd gig. They sent me in to buy earrings.
Beckett : And was this man involved somehow?
UNK: Castle Lookalike : He looks a little like the show's producer.
Castle : You wouldn't happen to have his contact information, would you?
Esposito : What do you mean he's with you? How did he escape?
Beckett : Espo, not now. I need an address.
UNK: All right. Well, the address for the show's producer
Esposito : is another dead P.O. Box, and the phone number's defunct.
Beckett : Okay, what about his paycheck?
Esposito : Well, I talked to the bank
Esposito : and the corporate account that cut the check is closed,
Esposito : and the corporate contact, Joseph Vacher,
UNK: well, doesn't seem to exist.
Castle : Yeah, he exists all right. Or at least he used to.
UNK: Joseph Vacher was a famous French serial killer from the late 1800s.
Esposito : So he's got a sense of humor.
Beckett : Have any other checks been written from that corporate account?
Esposito : Yeah. Cut to a Kurtzman Insurance.
Beckett : Tessa worked for them.
Ryan : So, there's no mention of Vacher in her policy files,
Ryan : but there was an entry in her calendar.
UNK: Yeah, here it is. Six weeks ago. Site visit with a "J.V."
Castle : Well, that's him. Has to be.
Beckett : Did she write anything else with it? A phone number, emails, an address?
Ryan : No phone number, but there is an address.
Ryan : Maybe where they went for the site visit.
Ryan : Looks like it's in northern Manhattan, near the bridge.
Beckett : Castle, he was posing as a building owner looking for insurance.
Beckett : He probably found an empty property. Could be worth a look.
Beckett : Kev, hook up with Espo and meet us there.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : Someone saw the news. We gotta go.
Ryan : Owner says it's unoccupied. Hasn't been a tenant for nearly a year.
Beckett : Then who's up there?
Esposito : Could be someone or could be just a light.
UNK: - Did you just see that? - All right, guys. Let's move. Come on.
UNK: It was nothing. Just a sheet.
Beckett : You guys! Over here.
UNK: Once he'd obtained Castle's print from his loft,
UNK: he used a binding agent, some rubber cement
UNK: to build a latex model of his fingerprint.
Beckett : Surveillance photos. Architectural plans from Castle's loft.
Ryan : A precinct map, including the locations of all of our video cameras.
Ryan : He orchestrated everything, right down to the last detail.
Beckett : He even implicated Kurtzman to make it look like
Beckett : Castle was covering his tracks.
Gates : I don't get it. Why go through all this just to set you up?
Castle : Because death only takes a moment.
Castle : The preparation and pageantry, that's what he loves.
Gates : Well, Mr. Castle, it looks like you're off the hook.
Gates : I've spoken to the DA and they'll be dropping all charges.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Gates : For this at least.
Gates : There's still the matter of your escape from custody.
Gates : However, under the circumstances,
Gates : I'm pretty sure you can negotiate down to time served.
Gates : Detective, why don't you take him down to the station and start the paperwork?
UNK: Yo.
UNK: So the tactical teams have searched the whole building. No sign of him.
Gates : When CSU finishes, fall back and put the building under surveillance.
UNK: And what if he's already seen us and he doesn't come back?
Gates : Every cop in this city is looking for him. He won't get far.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Just finding that stuff of Tyson's. Seems lucky.