Beckett : He probably touched them on his way in, before putting his gloves on.
UNK: Yeah. I mean, that would explain it.
Esposito : Except that CSU collected them before either of you arrived.
Castle : Are you sure about this?
Esposito : Look for yourself, bro.
Beckett : Castle, think. Is it possible
UNK: that you touched the door knob or the frame on your way in?
Castle : It was open when I came in, but I guess I must have.
UNK: Have you been in that building before?
Castle : Not before today.
Esposito : What about the victim?
Esposito : Are you sure you didn't know her?
UNK: Javi.
Esposito : What? You know I have to ask.
Beckett : No, it's simple, okay? He touched the door when he walked in.
UNK: CSU got the timeframe wrong. That's the only explanation.
Castle : Unless I've got an evil twin.
Esposito : Twins don't have the same fingerprints.
Esposito : It's a common misconception. This was you.
Castle : Yeah, I know. I was joking.
UNK: Contaminating a crime scene is not a joke.
Esposito : I'll square this away with CSU.
Esposito : You watch your hands next time, okay?
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Just be careful.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: So, I've been through all of Tessa's belongings.
UNK: No sign of any high-end jewelry.
Ryan : But from the empty spaces in her jewel box,
Ryan : there might be some pieces missing.
Beckett : He took back the ones he gave her.
Beckett : It's like he knew what we were looking for.
Castle : This guy really knows how to cover his tracks.
UNK: No. Not all of them.
UNK: Canvass of the building turned up a neighbor who claims
UNK: he saw someone heading to her apartment at 7 : 45 on Friday night.
Beckett : Did the neighbor get a good look at him?
UNK: Well, he got a clear shot right through his front door peephole.
UNK: I'm bringing in a sketch artist right now.
Beckett : All right, get it over as soon as it's done. The roommate might be able to ID him.
Ryan : - You got it. - Detective!
Beckett : The roommate identified him as Tessa's boss.
Esposito : Lloyd Kurtzman, CEO of Kurtzman Insurance Brokerage.
Beckett : - Any priors? - Nothing major.
Esposito : He's got a couple of harassment suits. But he does have a sealed juvie file.
Castle : A juvie file?
UNK: Call Judge Markway.
Beckett : Kurtzman was torturing puppies as a kid, I want to know.
UNK: Good-looking and rich, huh? Just like Tessa's mystery man.
Castle : And like Tessa's mystery man, he's married.
UNK: Lloyd Kurtzman : She was such a glowing presence.
UNK: Lloyd Kurtzman : You couldn't help but notice her.
UNK: You know, it's hard to imagine anyone wanting to kill her.
Castle : I'm sure it is.
Beckett : Were the two of you close?
Kurtzman : As close as I am to any of my employees.
Beckett : And when was the last time that you saw her?
Kurtzman : Friday morning. At our staff meeting.
Beckett : Friday morning? Are you sure?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Not Friday evening?
UNK: No.
UNK: So, you didn't go to Tessa's apartment at 7 : 45?
Kurtzman : Her apartment? No, no.
Beckett : That's funny.
Beckett : We have a witness that saw you there that night.
Beckett : Mr. Kurtzman, where were you Friday night?
UNK: I'd like to speak to my lawyer now.
Beckett : He's not talking.
Castle : I guess a confession was too much to hope for,
Castle : some story that might explain it all.
Beckett : Yeah, we've got teams at his home and his office.
Beckett : We'll know more after the search, but Esposito talked to his wife,
UNK: and she said he didn't come home that night.
Beckett : He was working late.
Castle : I'm guessing he wasn't at work.
UNK: No.
Castle : I wonder if there were others, or if she was the first.
UNK: If her "glowing presence" awakened something inside him.
Castle : What's wrong?
UNK: - It's just, that crime scene. - What about it?
Beckett : The person that killed Tessa was meticulous.
Beckett : But when we questioned Kurtzman, he got all flustered.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So if he put that much thought into killing her,
Beckett : then why didn't he have an alibi prepared?
Castle : Perhaps because he was so meticulous,
Castle : he didn't expect to get caught?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey. What did you find?
Esposito : Well, they're still processing,
Esposito : but so far there's nothing in his house or office
Esposito : that connects Kurtzman to the murder.
Beckett : Did you check his emails?
Epsosito : Yeah, there's no mysterious deletions from his hard drive,
Epsosito : no unusual activity.
Epsosito : Nothing in his phone records, either.
UNK: Yeah, well, that's not a surprise.
Beckett : I mean, if he's done this before, he knows how to cover his tracks.
Beckett : What about his juvie record?
Esposito : Couple of fights, stole a neighbor's car. Nothing that explains this.
Beckett : So then, all we have is the neighbor's ID?
Beckett : That's not enough to make a case.
Ryan : I think I might have found something that can help.
Ryan : Something Kurtzman may have missed.
Beckett : A diamond earring?
Ryan : We found it in the couch.
Ryan : CSU couldn't pull a print off it, but you see the design?
Ryan : That's custom. Erica Courtney.
UNK: And you know this how?
Ryan : I recognized it from when Jenny and I went ring shopping.
Ryan : Anyway, I called up the showroom. They confirmed it's one of theirs.
Beckett : And do they have a record of who they sold it to?
Ryan : Yeah, I ran the name and the address. They're both fake.
Esposito : What about the credit card info?
UNK: Well, the buyer paid with a cashier's check, 12 grand.
Beckett : So we have no way of tracing him or the payment.
Ryan : No, but the store uses digital surveillance
Ryan : and they just sent over the tapes.
UNK: Here's the timecode for our point of sale. That's our guy.
Esposito : Look at his height, build, hair color.
Esposito : That's not Kurtzman.
UNK: That's Castle.
Beckett : - There's another explanation. - Like what?
UNK: I don't know, okay? It's somebody else. Someone that looks like Castle.
Esposito : We found his fingerprints at the crime scene.
Esposito : We got him on video buying jewelry for our victim.
UNK: It can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Javi, what are you saying? That Castle's a killer?
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no, no. None of us are saying that.
Ryan : All he's saying is that if it were anyone else, we'd look into it.
UNK: We could start by looking at his financials.
Esposito : See if there's any unusual activity around the time of the purchase.
Beckett : Fine. But we do it quietly, and he never finds out about it.
Castle : - What are you doing? - Uh...
Ryan : Javi, there's something you need to know.
Esposito : Beckett and Castle? When did they start?
Ryan : I'm not sure. But I know they were together that weekend in the Hamptons.
Esposito : Why wouldn't she tell us?
Ryan : I guess she was afraid Gates would find out
Ryan : and use NYPD regs to give Castle the boot.
Ryan : I was going to keep it a secret myself, but under the circumstances...
Esposito : Normally, I'd be happy for them.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, you don't really think that Castle had anything to do with this, do you?
Esposito : No, come on, man. He's my friend, too.
Esposito : The best thing we can do is try to prove this evidence wrong.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, Javi.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Wait a minute. Did I throw a party and forget again?
UNK: This is not a party.
UNK: Search warrant, gloves.
Castle : Okay, guys, I get it. The fingerprint thing.
Castle : I'm sorry. Lesson learned. You can all go home.
Esposito : It's not a joke, bro.
Ryan : Take him to the kitchen.
Castle : Kitchen? I just...
UNK: Beckett?
Castle : Beckett, what is this?
Beckett : We found a piece of jewelry in Tessa's apartment
Beckett : and we traced it back to the man that bought it for her.
Beckett : Castle, it was you.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : It was purchased with a cashier's check for $ 12,780.
Beckett : Earlier that day, you withdrew the same amount of money
Beckett : from your pocket account, as a cashier's check.
Castle : You looked into my financials? You're investigating me?
UNK: Javier Esposito : - Castle... - Kate, this is not me.
UNK: And I didn't buy any jewelry. I certainly didn't use a cashier's check.
Beckett : Then you need to explain it.
Beckett : This, the withdrawal, the fingerprint,
Beckett : you need to tell me what the hell's going on.
Ryan : Beckett. In here.
Castle : What is it?
Castle : Guys, what is it?
UNK: Kate?
Esposito : Richard Castle,
Esposito : you're under arrest for the murder of Tessa Horton.
Esposito : Turn around.
Esposito : You have the right to remain silent.
Esposito : Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Esposito : The bag is part of a set that he owns.
UNK: The wire and hooks are identical to the ones used to bind the victim.
Ryan : There was also a shirt inside that had some blood spatter on it.
Esposito : The lab says it's a match to Tessa's.
Gates : What's he saying?
Ryan : That he's never seen any of it before in his life.
Beckett : Sir, he's not a killer.
Gates : Then how do you explain all of this?
Beckett : The evidence isn't the whole story. Castle's taught me that.
Gates : You know, I'm not always a fan of Mr. Castle's, Detective.
Gates : But even I'm having trouble believing he'd do something so heinous.
Beckett : So then what do we do?
Gates : Our jobs.
Gates : Check his emails, computer files, and phone records.
Gates : If he was involved with this girl, there's bound to be a record.
Gates : Beckett, you talk to the family.
Gates : See if anyone else has access to his place.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Sir?
Castle : Thank you.
Gates : Don't thank me yet, Detective.
UNK: We're gonna follow the evidence, no matter where it leads us.
Beckett : You guys, when you look through Castle's phone records...
UNK: It's okay. We know.
Ryan : We won't tell Gates unless we have to.
Beckett : You know?
UNK: How?
UNK: I mean, it's us. So...
Ryan : We didn't say anything because we figured it was nobody's business.
Ryan : But we gotta ask, were you with him that night?
Elle : No. Uh...
Elle : He, uh...
Beckett : I was supposed to be.
Beckett : His mom was out of town,
Beckett : and then he said that he needed time to write.
Castle : Where's Beckett?
Gates : Under the circumstances, I think it's best if I handle the interrogation.
Castle : Come on, Captain, this is insane. I didn't do anything.
UNK: Well, we still need to investigate, and you know that.
Gates : So, let's start with your relationship to the victim.
Castle : Okay, I didn't have one.