Beckett : But it's the first time that this story has made sense.
Castle : You believe me?
Beckett : I never stopped.
Castle : He's going to kill me, Kate.
Castle : I can't run. I can't hide.
Castle : What am I supposed to do?
Beckett : I'm telling you, it's the Triple Killer.
Beckett : Strangulation, misdirects, planting evidence, it's Tyson's MO.
Gates : 3XK targeted multiple victims.
Gates : Always women, never men. So why the change?
Beckett : Revenge. That's the only thing that explains everything.
Gates : No, not everything. Not that video of Castle.
Esposito : Yeah, actually, it might.
Ryan : Tyson did something similar in the Russo case.
Ryan : Used a double for the cameras to throw us off.
UNK: Sir, the DA's already filed charges.
UNK: They're gonna send him to Central Booking today.
Beckett : We know that we can prove this, we just need more time.
UNK: Ada Toni Gonzalez : You want the DA's office to do what?
Gates : All we're asking for is a delay until we can sort all this out.
Gonzalez : No. What you're asking for
Gonzalez : is preferential treatment for a murder suspect.
Gonzalez : You want to sort this out, you sort it out after he's arraigned.
Beckett : No, I don't think you understand. There's not going to be an after.
Gonzalez : If it's his safety you're concerned about,
Gonzalez : we're prepared to put him in protective custody.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who you're dealing with?
Beckett : Do you even know what Jerry Tyson has proven himself capable of?
Gonzalez : Who do you think met with the families of his victims
Gonzalez : and held their hands when he slipped through your fingers, Detective?
Gonzalez : I'm very aware of what 3XK is capable of.
Beckett : Then you should know that your protective custody isn't worth a damn.
Beckett : If he wants to kill Castle, he's gonna find a way to do it.
Gonzalez : Captain Gates, aside from
Gonzalez : your unsubstantiated claim from a murder suspect,
Gonzalez : can you offer the DA's office
Gonzalez : one shred of evidence of 3XK's involvement?
Gates : Not at this time.
Gonzalez : Then we're done here.
UNK: I've spent some time in Central. I've seen the Tombs.
Esposito : The way they stack bodies in those cells, if there's a bounty
Esposito : on Castle's head, protective custody ain't gonna do jack.
Ryan : That's assuming Tyson paid off a prisoner. It could be a guard.
Beckett : So we can't protect him, not there.
Beckett : We have to stop that transfer.
Beckett : We need evidence that 3XK was involved.
Esposito : Yeah, but we've got nothing to go on.
Beckett : Okay, to pull this off, he needed access to Castle's loft.
Beckett : So get teams over there and tear that place apart.
Beckett : Find me a fingerprint, a hidden microphone,
Beckett : a broken window jamb, anything that puts him there.
Ryan : Tessa was seeing someone. If it wasn't Castle...
Beckett : Then maybe it was Tyson.
Beckett : Hit her office. Look for files, schedules, client lists.
UNK: There's got to be something that ties back to him.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Just heard from the team at Castle's loft.
Esposito : Nothing yet.
Beckett : So it's gonna happen just like Tyson said, huh?
UNK: I'm not going to be able to save him in time.
Esposito : We're not done yet.
UNK: Jav,
UNK: how secure is Holding?
Esposito : Whoa, you're not even thinking about that.
Beckett : We're talking about his life. We can't let them take him.
Esposito : Are you crazy? It would never work. You'll never even get out of Holding.
Beckett : - Tyson did it. - Because nobody was looking for him.
Esposito : He had weeks to plan it, maybe even longer.
Esposito : I know how you feel about the guy.
Esposito : I love him, too. But there's nothing we can do.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: They're here.
Castle : This is so much less fun than the other night at your place.
Castle : Do you remember the first time you handcuffed me?
Castle : We were at the New York Public Library.
Castle : Remember how angry you were that I wouldn't stop investigating that case?
Beckett : Yeah, I remember.
Castle : What I wouldn't give to be there now.
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : this isn't over.
Beckett : I promise you I will get you out.
Alexis : It's okay.
Castle : Whatever happens, it's okay.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Beckett : Don't be sorry. I don't need sorry.
UNK: I need to find this son of a bitch and put him in the ground.
Castle : Detective Beckett?
UNK: What?
UNK: We're here to transport one of yours to Central. A Richard Castle?
Gates : Yes, I'm looking at the transfer order right here.
Beckett : No, the paperwork says that the badge number was 871324.
UNK: No. Are you sure?
Gates : Central Booking says he never arrived. They don't know where in the hell he is.
UNK: Yeah, right. Okay.
Beckett : The badge numbers on the paperwork don't exist.
Beckett : They were imposters.
UNK: It's gotta be Tyson. He set this up.
UNK: He isn't gonna have Castle killed. He's gonna kill him himself.
UNK: Well, the DA's calling it a prisoner escape.
Gates : They've issued an APB and instructed me to begin a manhunt.
Esposito : What? They think Castle did this?
Gates : Well, as far as they're concerned, he's well-connected,
Gates : knows our procedure and has substantial resources.
Esposito : That's ridiculous.
Gates : You two keep working the Tyson angle. I've got this.
UNK: Resources.
Esposito : You believe that?
Esposito : Branding Castle a fugitive
Esposito : when he's probably being held captive by a serial killer?
Esposito : So, what's our next...
UNK: ...move?
Beckett : Thank God you're okay.
Beckett : Thank God you understood my message.
Beckett : First time that I cuffed you. What you wouldn't give to be back there now.
Esposito : - Come on. - Yeah.
Castle : I knew I couldn't call once I left.
Beckett : Castle, how did you do it?
Beckett : - How did you escape? - I got a great lawyer.
Esposito : Come on.
Castle : Someone owed me a favor. The less you know, the better.
Castle : But the good news is I'm still alive.
Beckett : The DA has branded you a fugitive.
Beckett : Every cop in New York is looking for you.
UNK: Yes, well, they won't be the only ones after the 5 : 00 news.
Castle : By now they've tagged my phone, my house, my accounts.
Castle : I'm not going to last long out here. We have to act quickly.
Beckett : I've got teams at your place looking for any trace of Tyson.
Beckett : Ryan is wading through paperwork at Tessa's office
Beckett : to see if there's a connection.
Castle : Well, that could take weeks. I think I've got something better.
Castle : Sitting in Holding, I kept thinking, "How could he possibly pull this off?
UNK: "How could he get video of me buying those earrings?"
Castle : And then it hit me.
UNK: "Broadway Casting"?
Castle : You want someone to play a role, you cast it.
UNK: Look at this notice from four months ago by a celebrity lookalike firm.
Beckett : Private book club party?
Castle : Look who they're looking for.
UNK: "James Patterson, Stephen King, J.K. Rowling..."
Beckett : And me.
UNK: Casting Agent : Yeah, we placed that ad.
UNK: Casting Agent : Sent a couple of headshots over to the client's P.O. Box,
UNK: Casting Agent : but never heard back.
UNK: Shoo.
UNK: - Uh... Could I get the address? - Sure.
Castle : And did you send over any Richard Castles?
UNK: Casting Agent : Let me check.
UNK: Casting Agent : - Just one. - Great.
Castle : We'll need his information as well.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : So the P.O. Box the agency sent the headshots to
Beckett : was paid for in cash and rented for a month.
UNK: The owners gave no forwarding address. It's a dead end.
Castle : Tyson might be a dead end, but Richard Castle isn't.
Castle : Look, it's me.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : Yeah, people come up sometimes asking me to sign your books.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : So I figured I'd submit.
UNK: Castle Lookalike : But I never heard back.
Castle : You know, uh, now that I'm up close, I really don't see it.