Phoebe : I didn't have keys!
UNK: I'm sorry, Phoebe.
UNK: I wanted to do a good deed, like you did with the babies.
Phoebe : This isn't a good deed. You just want to get on TV. This is selfish.
Joey : What about you having those babies for your brother?
UNK: That's selfish!
Phoebe : What are you talking about?
UNK: It was a nice thing, but it made you feel good, right?
Phoebe : Yeah, so?
Joey : It made you feel good so that makes it selfish.
Joey : Look, there's no unselfish good deeds. Sorry.
UNK: Yes, there are totally good deeds that are selfless!
Joey : May I ask for one example?
Phoebe : Yeah, it's You know, there's
Phoebe : No, you may not!
Joey : Because all people are selfish.
Phoebe : Are you calling me selfish?
Joey : Are you calling you people?
UNK: Sorry to burst that bubble, Phoebe, but selfless good deeds don't exist.
UNK: You know the deal on Santa Claus?
Phoebe : I'll find a selfless good deed. I'm going to beat you, you evil genius!
Ross : Oh, my God! It's Emily!
Ross : It's Emily, everyone!
Emily : I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Goodbye.
UNK: You can hang up, but I'll keep calling everyone in England...
Ross : ...if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me.
Emily : Really? About what?
Ross : Look, you're my wife. We're married.
UNK: You know, I love you.
Ross : I really miss you.
UNK: I miss you too.
Emily : At least, I think I do.
Ross : She's talking.
UNK: When you said "the deal with Santa," you meant...?
Joey : That he doesn't exist.
UNK: Right.
Rachel : Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
UNK: Yeah, she might have mentioned him.
UNK: So, Mon, when are we going to meet this new, secret waiter man?
Chandler : I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
UNK: Yeah, I don't think he's up to it.
UNK: I want to meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had.
UNK: Really?
Chandler : That's what you heard? You said that?
UNK: I might have.
Monica : Why is that funny?
Chandler : Because I'm very happy for him.
Joey : And you! You lucky dog!
UNK: She's willing to work on the relationship.
Monica : That's great!
Ross : In London.
Ross : She wants me to move to London.
Monica : But you live here.
Monica : You know that.
UNK: -What will you do? -I don't know.
UNK: -I mean, I can't leave Ben. -You can just video-conference with him.
UNK: I'm not ready to have a child.
UNK: I bet if I talked to Carol and Susan...
UNK: ...I could convince them to move to London with Ben.
Monica : I'm sure your ex-wife would be more than happy to move...
Monica : ...so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Ross : It could happen.
UNK: Ross, we are not moving to London. We already have lives here.
UNK: But it'd be great. They have great theater...