UNK: Gary Collins : Welcome back to our fall telethon.
UNK: Gary Collins : If you've been enjoying Cirque du Soleil...
UNK: Gary Collins : ...and you'd like to see more, it's very simple.
UNK: Gary Collins : All you have to do is call in a pledge...
UNK: ...and tell one of our volunteers what type of programming you
UNK: -Quick broiling pan question -Yes, it really does cost that much.
UNK: Maybe next time your duck can puke in something from Pottery Barn.
Ross : That's it. I cannot make this decision. It is too difficult.
UNK: I leave it entirely up to the gods of fate.
UNK: A Magic 8 Ball?
Monica : You can't make this decision with a toy!
Phoebe : It's not a toy.
Ross : I don't know what else to do!
Ross : I either keep my wife and lose one of my best friends...
UNK: ...or I get divorced for the second time before I'm 30.
UNK: If anyone else has a better suggestion, let's hear it.
UNK: Because I got nothing! Don't be shy.
Ross : Any suggestion will do.
Ross : Okay, then.
Ross : Here we go.
Ross : Magic 8 Ball...
Ross : ...should I never see Rachel again?
UNK: "Ask Again Later."
Ross : Later is not good enough!
UNK: "Ask Again Later."
Ross : What the hell?
UNK: This is broken! It is broken!
Monica : Let me see.
Monica : Will Chandler have sex tonight?
UNK: "Don't Count On It."
Monica : Seems like it works to me.
UNK: Okay, one more time.
Ross : Should I never see Rachel again?
UNK: Magic 8 Ball! What did you ask?
UNK: Does...
UNK: ...Rachel get to pick the movie that we're all going to see tonight?
UNK: Excellent. What's the answer?
UNK: Looks like Stella's gonna get her groove back tonight!
UNK: What? I heard it was good.
Joey : PBS Telethon.
Phoebe : Hi, Joey.
UNK: Hey, Phoebe.
Phoebe : I'd like to make a pledge.
Phoebe : I would like to donate $200.
UNK: Two hundred dollars?
Joey : You sure? After what Sesame Street did to you?
Phoebe : I'm still mad at them, but they bring happiness...
Phoebe : ...to lots of kids whose moms didn't kill themselves.
Phoebe : By supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it.
Phoebe : So there! A selfless good deed.
UNK: You don't feel good about donating the money?
Phoebe : No, it sucks! I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Phoebe : A hamster? Those things are, like, $10.
Phoebe : Not the one I had my eye on.
UNK: Gary Collins : It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total.
UNK: Gary Collins : Thank you!
UNK: And the pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers.
UNK: Gary Collins : Oh, boy! And may I say, one of our sharpest dressed volunteers.
UNK: Gary Collins : Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Phoebe : Oh, look!
Phoebe : Joey's on TV!
Phoebe : Isn't that great?
Phoebe : My pledge got Joey on TV! That makes me feel so
Chandler : Oh, no!
UNK: Look...
Chandler : ...I got carried away before, but there's something you got to know.
Chandler : If I'm the best, it's only because you made me the best.
Monica : Keep talking.
Chandler : I was nothing before you.
Chandler : Call the other girls and ask.
Chandler : Which wouldn't take long.
Chandler : But when I'm with you, and we're together...
Rachel : ...oh, my God!