UNK: Dan. You okay?
Chase : There are experimental treatments. Ongoing research.
Chase : Who knows what they'll discover in a year or two.
Dan : This is where I dropped the ball.
Chase : Dan, we're standing on the roof of the hospital.
UNK: Dan.
Chase : Dan, you're not on the field.
Cameron : He doesn't know where he is. Dan.
UNK: Foreman.
UNK: Dan.
UNK: Dan's Dad : - Dan? - Dan, no!
House : Dr. Foreman.
House : I assume you found the kid.
Foreman : He almost walked off the roof. Suicidal?
Foreman : No, he thought he was on his lacrosse field. Look, I was gonna run home, shower, change...
UNK: Conscious? Yeah.
House : How'd you talk him down? Actually, Chase tackled him.
House : How come you didn't do it?
Foreman : Right. Well, I am black, but he was closer.
House : Come on. You can ride up with me.
House : Anybody tell the family that their boy almost stepped off a roof? They must be thrilled.
Cameron : They're not suing, but I think only because Chase asked...
UNK: Why does everybody always think I'm being sarcastic?
House : This is great news. He doesn't have M.S.
UNK: Parents should be thrilled. The mom anyway. Ofcourse, the dad probably doesn't know...
UNK: Why doesn't he have M.S.? - He was on the roof, thinking he was on a lacrosse field.
House : Conscious, and therefore not a night terror. You want some of this? - Yeah, sure.
House : He was in an acute confusional state,
House : which doesn't fit with a demyelinating disease like M.S.
Chase : Oligoclonal bands... Were real.
UNK: They just mean something other than M.S. So, what are they telling us?
Chase : That the immune system is working? Right.
House : He has an infection in his brain.
Cameron : What about sex?
House : Well, it might get complicated. I mean, we work together.
UNK: - I'm older, certainly, but maybe you like that. - I meant maybe he has neurosyphilis.
UNK: - Huh. Nice cover. - Sorry. R.P.R. was negative.
House : We don't need a definitive test to confirm. Sure. Didn't need one to confirm M.S.
UNK: Okay. Let's wait for you to run titers on 1,400 viruses while this kid's brain turns to mush.
Foreman : So the fact that he doesn't have M.S., it's... it's really not good news after all.
House : Well, it is if it's neurosyphilis.
House : The likelihood of a false negative on an R.P.R. test : 30%.
UNK: Likelihood of a 16-year-old having sex : roughly 120%.
Cameron : I'll start him on I.V. penicillin. We're not gonna wait for that.
House : The most effective way to deliver the drug is right into his brain via the spine.
Cameron : We can't. In a cramped space like the brain,
Foreman : increased intracranial pressure from a high-volume drug like penicillin could herniate his brain stem.
UNK: It'd kill him. No neurologist in his right mind would recommend that.
House : Show of hands. Who thinks I'm not in my right mind?
House : And who thinks I forget this fairly basic neurological fact?
House : Who thinks there's a third option?
UNK: Very good. What's the third choice? - No idea. You just asked if I thought there was one.
Foreman : The patient has a shunt in his brain. There'll be no increased pressure.
Foreman : We can put as much penicillin into his body as we want.
House : Excellent. Inject him through a lumbar puncture.