House : So, what does the jerk tell us?
Foreman : Nothing good. The brain's losing control of the body.
Foreman : Can't order the eyes to focus, regulate sleep patterns or control muscles.
House : A movement disorder or a degenerative brain disease.
House : Either way, this kid's gonna be picking up his diploma in diapers and a wheelchair.
Chase : Maybe not that bad. Could be an infection.
House : You wish. No fever, no white count.
House : Anyone think this differential diagnosis might be compromised because we don't have an accurate family history?
Cameron : - I took an accurate family history. - You didn't even take an accurate family.
House : - His father's not his father. - Why would you say that?
UNK: Thirty percent of all dads don't realize they're raising someone else's kid.
UNK: False paternity's more like 10%. That's what our moms would like us to believe.
Cameron : Who cares? If he got it from his parents, they'd both be dead.
Cameron : Can we get on with the differential diagnosis? - Fifty bucks says I'm right.
Foreman : - I'll take your money. - Hit a nerve?
UNK: Don't worry. I'm sure the guy who tucked you in was your daddy. - Make it a hundred.
Cameron : What about leukoencephalopathy in a 16-year-old?
UNK: It doesn't necessarily have to be that bad.
UNK: If we exclude the night terrors, it could be something systemic.
UNK: His liver, kidneys. Something outside the brain. - Yes.
House : Feel free to exclude any symptom if it makes your job easier. - Night terrors were anecdotal.
UNK: He could've had a bad dream. - No. Parents said he was conscious during and didn't remember anything afterwards.
Cameron : - That's a night terror. - Parents said?
House : That's a good point.
House : Before we condemn this kid, maybe we should entertain Dr. Chase's skepticism.
House : I want a detailed polysomnograph. If he's having night terrors, I want to see them.
Dan : I usually don't move during night terrors.
House : I'm not restraining you for them.
House : E.E.G. revealed abnormalities in your brain...
UNK: Caused nerve damage in your toes.
Dan : What are you doing?
House : - Fixing it. - Can I talk to my parents?
House : Oh, they know all about this.
Dan : I'd really like to see them.
Dan : Please. I'd really like them here.
House : This is gonna hurt, Dan.
UNK: Oh. Oh, God.
Cameron : That's a night terror.
UNK: We did a C. T., M.R.I., C.B.C., CHEM-7 and chest X-ray.
Foreman : All the tests came back normal. There's nothing to explain his symptoms.
UNK: Okay, but let's pretend there's something and go from there. Who sees something on this M.R.I.?
UNK: No lesions in the white matter. No structural abnormalities.
Cameron : No space-occupying tumors.
House : He's 16, so he should have an absolutely pristine brain. The smallest thing is abnormal.
Chase : Meningeal enhancement.
Chase : - My bet is viral meningitis. - Excellent.
UNK: Do you see what he did there?
House : Took a small clue that there's a neurological problem and wasn't afraid to run with it.
Foreman : There's no evidence of meningitis on that M.R.I.
House : No, there's not. He's completely wrong.
Cameron : Then what clue are you talking about?
House : He knew that I saw something on the M.R.I., so he figured there must be something there and took a guess.
House : - Clever, but also pathetic. - So what did you find?
House : Take a close look at the corpus callosum.