House : Don't bother yourself. The state will call for you.
House : If you're clean, I'm sure it'll all blow over. No big deal.
House : There's an easy way to find out. Get one of your doctors to run a test.
UNK: Uh-uh.
House : These are mine now. I'll see you in court.
Foreman : West Nile negative. Not surprising since not too many mosquitoes passing through Jersey in December.
Chase : No eastern equine encephalitis. You guys aren't gonna believe this.
UNK: What's that? House is right. The father's not the father.
Foreman : Dude doubled up on me.
Chase : You're not gonna believe this.
Chase : The mother's not the mother either.
Cuddy : It's not a good idea to move your son in his condition.
Mom : We just want a second opinion. We need an answer.
House : You idiots. You lied to me.
Dad : We didn't lie about anything.
Dad : You, on the other hand, accused us of molesting our son. - Perfect.
House : Can we get off my screwups and focus on theirs?
House : Theirs is bigger. You're not Dan's parents.
UNK: We're his parents. He was adopted. He doesn't need to know.
Dad : - I do. - Adoption makes us just as much...
House : Listen. When we were taking his medical history, were you confused?
House : Did you think we were looking for a genetic clue to his condition,
House : or did you think we were trying to ascertain who loves him the most in the whole wide world?
Cuddy : How did you find out about this?
House : - I sampled their D.N.A. - We didn't give you any D.N.A.
House : Your coffee cups from the cafeteria.
UNK: You can't do that. - Again, why are we getting hung up on what I did?
UNK: Your medical history is useless. - No. We gave you a detailed history of his biological mother.
Mom : Her history. Nonsmoker, good health,
Mom : low cholesterol, no blood pressure problems.
Dad : Dan was adopted two weeks after he was born.
Dad : You have his history. There's nothing you need to know that we didn't tell you. - Sounds reasonable.
Cuddy : Well, if you want to transfer your boy, that is your choice.
Cuddy : I still think it's the wrong... Was she vaccinated?
House : The biological mother. When she was a baby, did she get her vaccinations?
Dad : Dan was vaccinated. At six months.
UNK: Mm-hmm. Do you know why kids get vaccinated at six months?
House : Because before that they are protected...
House : by their biological mother's immune system.
House : So, was she vaccinated?
House : An infant picks up a regular old measles virus.
House : Gets a rash.
House : He's extremely uncomfortable, has a wicked fever, but he lives.
House : Here's the kicker. Once every million or so times,
House : the virus mutates.
House : Instead of Dan having a fever and a rash,
House : the virus travels to his brain and hides,
House : like a time bomb.
House : In this case, for 16 years.
Foreman : Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis.
House : I know. There's only been 20 cases in the United States in the last 30 years.
Foreman : I suppose you could make an argument the kid's still in stage I.
Foreman : Once S.S.P.E. moves to stage II, it's...
UNK: Boom. Stage II is universally fatal.
UNK: I assume its impossible to know when he might move into stage II.
House : He's already started showing symptoms. Could be a month. Could be tonight.
Cameron : Can we treat it? Ask the neurologist.
Foreman : Intraventricular interferon.
Chase : Not gonna shove a spike into his brain and drip interferon without confirming this diagnosis.
UNK: Tap him. - We won't get a reliable result for measles antibodies in his C.S.F.
Foreman : Not after everything we've given him.
House : So the wrong treatment kills any hope of the right diagnosis.
House : Why do people lie to me?
House : Could also kill him.
House : Your ball, Foreman. Tell me I don't have to biopsy his brain.
Foreman : Well, there is one other way.
Dan : You sure this isn't gonna hurt?
Foreman : Yeah. It's just scary as hell.
Foreman : See, we go through the pupil.