UNK: But you won't feel it. The eye's been paralyzed.
Foreman : The needle travels to the back of the eye,
UNK: which is where we'll perform the biopsy on your retina.
Foreman : So we've confirmed that the problem is this mutated virus.
Foreman : The treatment for S.S.P.E. is intraventricular interferon.
Foreman : We implant an ommaya reservoir under the scalp,
Foreman : which is connected to a ventricular catheter...
Foreman : that delivers the antiviral directly to the left hemisphere.
Dad : You want us to consent to this? I don't even understand what you're talking about.
Foreman : Well, the antiviral...
Foreman : Look. I'm sorry.
Foreman : I can explain this as best I can, but the notion that you're gonna fully understand your son's treatment...
Foreman : and make an informed decision is... is kind of insane.
Foreman : Here's what you need to know.
Foreman : It's dangerous.
Foreman : It could kill him.
Foreman : You should do it.
UNK: Did you need something else?
Cuddy : You can't order a $3,200 D.N.A. test to win a bet.
House : It's not an actual cost.
House : I don't know if you know this, but the hospital actually owns the sequencing machine.
UNK: I'm serious. - Tell the parents to submit the bill to insurance.
UNK: Insurance is not gonna pay for a bet.
UNK: Should. We don't make that bet, the kid dies.
House : If not for the paternity bet, I never would have taken their D.N.A.
House : Without their D.N.A., we never would have discovered that Dan was adopted, which was the key to this case.
House : You just don't want to pay your end.
House : Big mistake. My guy knows a guy.
Cuddy : Fine. I will let you out of clinic duty for one week,
UNK: after you pay the 3,200 for the P.C.R. test.
UNK: Ooh.
House : Well, now, there's the hundred you owe me.
UNK: Here's a hundred I won from Cameron.
House : 200 I took off of Foreman.
UNK: And 600...
House : I got from Wilson.
House : Very bitter.
Cameron : Hey. Good morning.
Foreman : Good news on your E.E.G. Treatment is working.
Cameron : And your immune system is responding.
Foreman : I know it's early, but I just want to take a look.
UNK: All right. Let's see what that brain of yours can do.
House : Name as many animals as you can that start with the letter "O".
UNK: Ostrich.
Dan : Ox. Old elephant.
UNK: Well, that's two better than last time.
Cameron : How you doing with the whole adoption thing?
UNK: - I knew since fifth grade. - How's that?
Dan : Cleft chin.
Dan : I have one. My dad doesn't.
Dan : Looked it up on the Internet. It's one of those trait things.
Forman : That's right. It's autosomal dominant.
Forman : Since neither of your parents have cleft chins, it's highly unlikely you're biologically related.
UNK: - Are you sure you're okay? - I've got no problems with being adopted.
Dan : I love my parents.
Dad : How's he doing? He's doing pretty well.
Cameron : He's a smart kid.
Cameron : I think he's gonna be fine.
Wilson : - Hey. - Thanks.
UNK: Wheels, 18. Wheels.