Wilson : - Hey. - Close the door.
House : Close the door.
Wilson : Is Cuddy down the hall counting to 50?
UNK: She knows I'm in here, in the clinic, as she commanded.
House : - She just doesn't know I'm alone. - Well, you've got a full waiting room.
Wilson : - How long do you think you can ignore them? - I'm off at 4 : 00.
Wilson : You're doing this to avoid five minutes of work?
UNK: If I go out there, I get assigned a kid with a runny nose.
House : That's 30 seconds looking at the nose, 25 minutes talking to a worried mom...
UNK: who won't leave until she's sure it's not meningitis or a tumor.
Wilson : Yes. Concerned parents can be so annoying.
Wilson : Just tell Cuddy you've got an urgent case. You had to leave early. That would be lying.
Wilson : And that would be wrong. But luckily the definition of "urgent" is fungible.
House : Not the definition of "case" though.
Wilson : You have no cases?
Wilson : You have no cases?
Wilson : You've got handpicked doctors... specialists...
Wilson : Working for you, and they're sitting on their hands?
UNK: - Cameron's answering my mail. - Oh, time well spent, I'm sure.
Wilson : Foreman and Chase?
UNK: Research?
UNK: Nine letters. Iodine deficiency in children.
UNK: Cretinism.
UNK: So, 4 : 03 p.m., Dr. House checks out.
UNK: Please write that down.
UNK: Dan's Dad : Dr. House. Sorry. Done for the day.
House : Plenty of docs here to take care of you. But we had an appointment.
House : Nice try, but this is a walk-in clinic, which means there are no appointments.
House : You walk in, sign the chart, and a doctor will see you.
House : Just not me. Your letter says that we'd see you.
House : Not a big letter writer. Here.
UNK: When did my signature get so girlie?
Cameron : - I can explain. - See that "G"?
House : See how it makes a big loop on top?
House : Doesn't even look like my handwriting. Think I have something?
House : What's the differential diagnosis for writing G's like a junior high school girl?
Cameron : It's impossible to get to you through normal channels. They have called, e-mailed.
House : Perseverance does not equal worthiness. Next time you want to get my attention, wear something fun.
House : Low-rider jeans are hot.
UNK: Sixteen-year-old male. Sudden onset of double vision and night terrors, with no apparent cause.
UNK: The kid's been to two neurologists, and he... Night terrors?
House : - As in big scary monsters? - Yes.
Cameron : - Where are you going? - To see the family.
UNK: You're going to examine a patient? - Nine times out of 10, there's no reason to talk to a patient.
UNK: But night terrors in a 16-year-old is a very good reason to talk to this family.
House : Good work.
UNK: Margins are fine.
House : No lesions.
House : Color is good.
House : How long have you been having night terrors? Three weeks.
Dad : He's afraid to go to bed. He's exhausted, can barely function.