UNK: Gribbet, gribbet, gribbet.
House : You know another really good business?
House : Teeny, tiny baby coffins.
UNK: You can get 'em in frog green,
UNK: fire-engine red... really.
House : The antibodies in yummy Mummy only protect the kid for six months,
House : which is why these companies think they can gouge you.
House : They think that you'll spend whatever they ask to keep your kid alive.
House : Want to change things? Prove 'em wrong.
House : Few hundred parents like you decide they'd rather let their kid die than cough up 40 bucks for a vaccination,
House : believe me, prices will drop really fast.
UNK: Gribbet, gribbet, gribbet, gribbet, gribbet.
UNK: Gribbet.
UNK: Young Mother : Tell me what she has.
House : A cold.
Cameron : There's a problem.
UNK: Complications in surgery? Surgery went fine. He's in recovery.
Foreman : But we took a vial of C.S.F. and tested it. Really?
Foreman : Turns out the bowing wasn't the cause of his problems. It was a symptom.
Chase : Oligoclonal bands and increased intrathecal IgG.
House : Which means multiple sclerosis. And the reason it takes three of you to tell me this?
Cameron : Because we're having a disagreement about whether or not it is M.S.
UNK: No lesions on the M.R.I. It's early. He's had the disease for maybe two weeks.
Cameron : McDonald criteria requires six months to make a definitive diagnosis. - Who cares about MacPhearson?
House : - I hear he tortured kittens. - McDonald.
House : Oh, McDonald. Wonderful doctor, loved kittens.
Foreman : The V.E.P. indicates slowing of the brain.
Cameron : Without the lesions, we can't be sure.
House : Well, if it is, it's gone from zero to 60 in three weeks,
House : which would indicate rapidly progressive M.S.
House : Not the fun M.S. with the balloons and the bike rides for cripples in wheelchairs.
Cameron : - We should wait until... - Start treating him now,
UNK: maybe he can walk for another couple of years, maybe live for another five.
House : Break it to the family. I'm going home.
Chase : It'll take months for a definitive diagnosis. What'll happen to me?
Chase : M.S. is an incredibly variable disease.
Chase : If it is M.S., and we're not a hundred percent sure.
Dad : What do you think is gonna happen?
UNK: There are some medications to manage the symptoms,
UNK: but as the disease progresses, the problems will become more severe.
UNK: Bowel and bladder dysfunction,
UNK: loss of cognitive function, pain...
UNK: So it's gonna hurt?
Chase : The brain's like a big jumble of wires.
Chase : M.S. strips them of the insulation, and the nerves die.
Chase : Brain interprets it as pain.
Chase : But by starting treatment, we're gonna prevent that for as long as possible.
Chase : We're looking into a couple of specialists,
Chase : and until we get you squared away, you'll stay here, okay?
Cameron : Security checked the videotapes from all perimeter cameras.
Cameron : He's still gotta be in the hospital. Where's Chase?
UNK: Main floor. Okay. You take the cafeteria and administration.
Foreman : I'll hit the research annex and work my way back to you.
UNK: Dan?
UNK: House's Answering Machine : I'm not here. Leave a message.
House : Dr. Cuddy. Great outfit.
Dan : What are you doing back here? Patient?
House : No. Hooker. Went to my office instead of my home.
UNK: Dan's Dad : Dr. House.
Foreman : Dan's missing. Yeah. I got that part from the message.
UNK: You said I was needed immediately. He shouldn't move after a lumbar puncture.
House : I agree. He's gonna have a very nasty headache.
House : That would also be my opinion if consulted tomorrow morning.
Foreman : We wanted to keep you informed. He heard some pretty heavy news.
House : This is not a toddler wandering around a department store.
House : He's 16. You'll find him.
House : I'm going home.
Foreman : So when you say, "Call me if you need anything", you mean don't call?
UNK: No, I mean call me if I could do something.
House : I'm bad at search parties, and I'm bad at sitting around looking nervous, doing nothing.
Foreman : What about his parents? Should we call them?
UNK: Why? Do you think they're hiding him?
House : Make sure someone checks the roof.
House : Some of the orderlies keep the door propped open so they can grab a smoke.