UNK: - Looks okay. - Are we all looking at the same thing?
UNK: Two hundred million interhemispheric nerve fibers.
House : The George Washington Bridge between the left and right side of the brain.
House : It's subtle.
Chase : There's some bowing. There.
Chase : An upward arch. Are you guessing?
UNK: Yes.
House : - Too bad. You're right. - He probably just moved.
Foreman : Nobody stays perfectly still for the entire M.R.I.
UNK: Yeah. Probably got restless and shifted one hemisphere of his brain to a more comfortable position.
UNK: Something is pushing on it. If there was bowing, could be a tumor.
UNK: Do you see a tumor on this M.R.I.? No, but I don't see any bowing either.
House : There's no tumor. Just a blockage causing pressure causing symptoms.
UNK: Today, night terrors. Tomorrow, he's bleeding out of his eyes.
UNK: Get him a radionucleotide cisternogram. I guarantee you'll see a blockage.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Easy.
UNK: Okay. Squeeze my hand.
UNK: All right. Squeeze hard.
Dad : All right.
Foreman : Now I'm injecting a material that's tagged with a radioisotope.
Foreman : It's gonna enter your spine and travel up to your brain.
Foreman : It'll make you able to think deep thoughts,
UNK: run a hundred miles an hour.
UNK: Easy.
Foreman : Their eyes aren't the same color, but that fleck in the eyes...
UNK: That's maybe a one-in-10 chance if they're not related?
UNK: No. House isn't gonna pay you based on that.
Foreman : Any excuse we can give the folks to justify a D.N.A. test?
UNK: We could tell them he's got Huntington's... whole family should be tested or they'll all die.
UNK: Hey.
Foreman : There's a lot of blockage. I've scheduled him for surgery.
UNK: We're gonna put a shunt into one of the ventricles to give the cerebrospinal fluid an out.
Foreman : No more pressure, everything goes back to normal.
House : He's lucky to have you as his doctors.
UNK: Young Mother : No formula. Just Mommy's healthy, natural breast milk.
UNK: Yummy.
UNK: Young Mother : Her whole face just got swollen like this overnight.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
House : No fever.
House : Glands normal. Missing her vaccination dates.
UNK: Young Mother : We're not vaccinating.
UNK: Gribbet! Gribbet!
UNK: Gribbet!
House : Think they don't work?
UNK: Young Mother : I think some multinational pharmaceutical company wants me to think they work...
UNK: Young Mother : Pad their bottom line. Mm-hmm.
House : - May I? - Sure.
UNK: Gribbet. Gribbet.
UNK: Gribbet.
UNK: Yeah. All-natural, no dyes is a good business.
UNK: All-natural children's toys.
UNK: Toy companies... they don't arbitrarily mark up their frogs.
UNK: They don't lie about how much they spend on research and development.
UNK: The worst that a toy company could be accused of is making a really boring frog.