UNK: I mean, come on, Castle. The letter's not even signed.
Esposito : Actually, I talked to Penny Marchand about that.
UNK: She says it's possible her mother would type a letter and not sign it,
UNK: in case her prediction was wrong.
Esposito : She wouldn't want anybody selling her mistakes on the Internet.
Beckett : But we still can't prove that Vivien actually wrote the letter.
Castle : Until her other predictions come true.
Esposito : Yeah, I'm just...
Ryan : Good, you're back.
UNK: I think I got something.
Ryan : Remember Vivien's first big case?
Beckett : Yeah, the guy with the missing wife and the blonde girlfriend named Amber?
Ryan : His name is Steve Adams.
UNK: Unis are bringing him up, right now.
Ryan : They never found his wife's body.
Ryan : He did seven years for second degree.
Ryan : They released him two months ago on parole,
Ryan : only after he agreed to wear an anklet with a tracking device.
Ryan : So, I called his PO and he sent over this.
Beckett : The GPS readout puts Steve at Vivien's address Monday afternoon.
Beckett : So, Vivien finishes with Paula and Marina Casillas at 2 : 00.
Beckett : Albert Moreno exits out the back door at 2 : 30.
UNK: And now it's time for her 3 : 00 p.m. with T.J.
UNK: Steve Adams was there from 1 : 36 to 2 : 48,
UNK: waiting for his opportunity.
Beckett : So he waits there until she's alone,
Beckett : jumps her, stabs her and then stuffs her in the couch.
UNK: Steve Adams : This is harassment!
UNK: Steve Adams : I haven't done anything wrong!
UNK: Right through here. Calm down.
Castle : He's wearing all black.
Beckett : It's gotta be a coincidence.
Castle : Or black is the new guilty.
Adams : I didn't kill her.
Beckett : You were the last one to see her alive.
Beckett : The GPS on your anklet indicates that you were at Vivien's office
UNK: for over an hour, the day that she was killed.
Adams : Yeah, but it's not what you think.
Adams : Last week, I got a call from a guy named Cody Donnelly.
UNK: He's a reality-TV producer. He said he could help me clear my name.
Castle : How was he going to do that?
Adams : The day after my wife disappeared, Vivien Marchand told the cops
Adams : she had a vision of me in a bar with my girlfriend, Amber.
Castle : Which was true.
Adams : That I was there? Yeah.
Adams : But then she started saying she'd had other visions.
UNK: Visions that I murdered my wife, which I did not do.
Adams : But she was right once, about Amber, so everyone believed her.
Adams : Only Vivien had lied about that, too.