UNK: As a matter of fact, she did a reading for me at a society party
Castle : about eight years ago.
Castle : It was pretty extraordinary.
UNK: Extraordinary?
Castle : She got everything right.
UNK: You know what? Come to think of it,
Castle : she told me that a beautiful woman would one day move into my loft,
Castle : and stay with me forever.
Castle : She neglected to mention it was my mother.
Castle : How did she die?
UNK: Stabbed in the back of the neck with an ice pick
UNK: Lanie Parish : and then stuffed into the sofa.
Castle : So, she didn't see that coming.
Beckett : When did she die?
Lanie : She's in full rigor.
Lanie : I'd say yesterday afternoon is the approximate time of death.
UNK: I got a maintenance worker, said he saw a man leaving the back door
UNK: Javier Esposito : of Vivien's office around 2 : 30 yesterday afternoon.
UNK: Description?
UNK: Tall, Caucasian and tough-looking.
UNK: All right, Ryan, check Vivien's calendar
Beckett : and let's interview her clients from yesterday.
Beckett : Maybe one of them saw the guy.
Ryan : What I don't get is why put her in the couch?
Lanie : She was alive when she went in.
Lanie : These scratches on her face indicate that she tried to move.
UNK: I'm gonna get her back to the lab.
UNK: She's got a notation in here for 3 : 00 p.m. yesterday. It just says, "T.J."
Beckett : And nothing else?
Ryan : Nope. Maybe T.J. was a ghost coming to visit.
Ryan : Mediums are the ones that can see ghosts, right, Castle?
Castle : Yes, psychics can tell the future.
Castle : Mediums can tell the future and talk to the dead.
Beckett : That's like saying psychics are con artists,
Beckett : and mediums are con artists and charlatans.
Beckett : I mean, in the end, they're all just fakes.
Castle : You sound pretty certain of yourself.
Beckett : That's because when I started as a cop,
Beckett : I wasted a lot of time on clairvoyants calling tip lines
Beckett : with information that never led to anything.
Beckett : I mean, I'm surprised you're so gullible.
Castle : I'm not saying I can speak with the dead.
UNK: I'm just willing to admit that there are people in this world
Castle : who are more sensitive than me.
Beckett : Now, that's not hard to believe.
Castle : Walked right into that one.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Miss Marchand, do you know of anyone
UNK: that might have wanted to harm your mother?
Penny : She was a very spiritual person.
Penny : She didn't have any enemies.
UNK: A witness saw a tall, dark-haired man leaving here around 2 : 30 yesterday.
Beckett : Does that sound like anyone your mother knows?
Beckett : When was the last time you two talked?
UNK: Around 1 : 00.