Beckett : - What makes you say that? - Oh, come on.
UNK: What man has ever turned you away?
UNK: So, any word on a certain British secret agent who shall not be named?
Castle : I got the official offer.
UNK: Wow!
UNK: Congratulations.
Castle : - I haven't accepted it yet. - But you're going to, aren't you?
UNK: - Well, you think I should? - Yeah,
Castle : I mean, is there a reason why you wouldn't?
UNK: So you'd be okay if I didn't write another Nikki Heat?
Beckett : I mean, why wouldn't I? It's not like I asked you to write the first one.
Perlmutter : You know, a lot of people would be flattered
Castle : that someone chose to write a book based on them.
Castle : - Flattered? - Yeah.
Beckett : Do you have any idea how much grief I've had to put up with
Beckett : over this Nikki Heat thing?
Castle : Gee, I'm sorry.
Beckett : I'm not asking you to be sorry. I'm just...
UNK: Just do whatever you wanna do. You always do, anyway.
UNK: - Well, fine. It's settled, then. - Fine.
Castle : - I'll do the other book. - Great.
Castle : - Enjoy the party. - Thanks. I will.
UNK: You know what? Just as well,
Castle : because there really wasn't enough to the character Nikki Heat
Castle : for more than one novel anyway.
Beckett : Oh, there's plenty to the character. She just needs a better writer.
Martha : - Fine. - Fine.
Beckett : What are you doing here, Castle?
Beckett : Don't you have bigger, more lucrative fish to fry?
Castle : Actually, I just left my sunglasses here yesterday.
UNK: Oh, please, that is the lamest excuse I have ever...
Beckett : You know what? While you're at it, don't forget those.
UNK: Did you guys get the incident report?
Castle : - Yeah. - And?
Esposito : Apparently, Eliska was seen on multiple occasions
UNK: hanging around some local park.
Esposito : And at some point she walked up to somebody's kid and spoke to him.
Ryan : Kid's mom thought it was a little odd
Ryan : because she wasn't there with a child of her own,
Ryan : so mom mentioned it to a patrolman.
Beckett : - Any charges filed? - No.
Esposito : Supposedly, she was very cooperative and left quietly.
Beckett : Sounds a lot like the incident with the Talbot boy.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Poor lady, you gotta feel for what she went through.
Karpowski : Sorry to interrupt, but your vic's super's on the phone
Karpowski : and wants to know if he can go ahead and rent her apartment.
UNK: Says she paid all the way till Friday,
UNK: but he's got somebody who wants it now.
Beckett : Tell him to go ahead.
Beckett : We already have everything we need from the crime scene.
Beckett : You guys check with the mom who filed the report.
Beckett : There might be something more to it than we realize.
Perlmutter : On it.
UNK: You're still here.
UNK: Karpowski, did the super say she was paid up to Friday?
Karpowski : - That's what he said. - That doesn't make any sense.