Ryan : It all went down pretty much the way the incident report said.
UNK: Turns out the reason that the mom first noticed our vic hanging around
UNK: the playground was that she said she looked kind of familiar.
Ryan : As it happens, they were both in the same post-delivery ward in the hospital.
Espositio : Yeah. Both babies were born on the same day, you believe that?
Espositio : Both boys, too.
Castle : Did she happen to mention what hospital?
Esposito : Yeah, Bryant General, why?
Castle : Bryant General, where Talbot works.
UNK: - What are you onto, Castle? - I'm not sure, but I wonder...
UNK: If we look into it, we're gonna find that the Talbot boy
UNK: was born at Bryant General on the same day as well.
UNK: Would you check that for me?
UNK: Did you say that there was a lab at that office?
UNK: Yeah. Chromo Diagnostic Lab Systems.
Castle : I think I know what's in that envelope.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I'm sorry, I'm confused.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : We want to help you in any way that we can,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : but like we already told you, we barely knew the woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : She'd only been working in the building a few months.
UNK: As it turns out, your paths crossed long before you realized.
UNK: Eliska Sokol had a son who was born in the same hospital
UNK: on the same day as your boy, Zane.
Castle : He passed away three years ago. He died of Niemann-Pick syndrome.
Castle : It's a rare congenital disorder.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Oh, my God. That poor woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : That's probably why she was so attentive to Zane,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : they were the same age.
Beckett : Actually, we think there was more to it than that.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : How so?
Castle : The incident with the candy that you told us about...
UNK: We think she gave that to him to distract him,
Castle : so she could swab his mouth.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Swab his mouth? What for?
Beckett : She was trying to get a DNA test done.
UNK: Why would she... I mean, I don't...
Beckett : We got a warrant for Eliska's mail.
Beckett : Just before she was killed,
UNK: she sent two mouth swabs to a mail-order lab in New Jersey.
Castle : One of them was your son's. The other was hers.