Castle : Yes, yeah, I'm coming.
UNK: Paula Haas : You are not going to believe this.
Castle : - Paula... - You are so not going to believe this.
Castle : - What are you doing here? - I can't even believe it.
Castle : - Believe what? - I can't tell you.
UNK: I'm still asleep, aren't I? I'm dreaming.
UNK: I'm having a dream where my book agent
UNK: has shown up at my house at 7 : 00 a.m. To not tell me something.
Paula : Okay. It's not official yet,
Paula : but you, my dear, are at the top of their list.
Paula : And I can't give you any more details than that.
Castle : You want some coffee?
Castle : I'd love to sit down and not discuss this further.
Paula : I will tell you this. It's a major relaunch of a major franchise.
Paula : A three-book deal. And they want you.
UNK: The book party, which you arranged, is Monday night.
Castle : I'm trying to launch my own character,
Castle : why would I want to get involved with somebody else's?
Paula : What if I told you the character in question
Paula : is a certain British secret agent?
Castle : - You mean it's gonna be... - Shh!
Paula : Don't say it! You'll jinx it.
Castle : - He's the reason I became a writer. - I know.
UNK: - I mean, he's the coolest spy ever. - Right?
Castle : He's got gadgets, he's got babes, he's...
UNK: And a payday that is unbelievable.
UNK: And they want me for three new books?
UNK: Yes. Now, you gonna get that?
UNK: Because an unanswered phone gives me agita.
UNK: It's Beckett. A body must have dropped.
UNK: I'll call her back. What other details can't you tell me?
UNK: Morning, gentlemen. So, what do you got for us?
UNK: Caucasian female, early 30s. No purse or ID found on the body.
Beckett : Where is she?
UNK: Police Officer : City workers found her when they opened the manhole
UNK: Police Officer : to check the line.
Beckett : Something tells me she didn't trip.
UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : Cause of death appears to be blunt force trauma.
UNK: She took a nasty blow to the back of the head.
UNK: And we found traces of blood spatter over there on the sidewalk.
UNK: Well, then it couldn't have been a robbery.
UNK: Mugger wouldn't bother dragging her body that far just to hide it.
Perlmutter : Given the amount of decomposition,
Perlmutter : I'd say she was killed about two days ago.
UNK: Any chance you can narrow that down for us?
Ryan : Any chance I can get her to the lab first?
Perlmutter : I should be able to get you a tighter window,
Perlmutter : - maybe down to six or seven hours. - All right. Thank you.
UNK: Ah! Good morning.
Esposito : Look who decided to grace us with his presence.
Beckett : Did you have something more important to do, Castle?
Castle : I got held up at home. Was that the body?
UNK: - Yeah, it's on its way to the morgue. - Huh!
UNK: What? You wanted us to wait?
UNK: Yeah, it's too bad, too. It's your kind of case, bro.
Castle : - Yeah? Yeah,
UNK: body was found down that manhole over there, half eaten.
Ryan : - Eaten? - Yeah,
Ryan : it was covered in some kind of green slime.
Castle : - Whoa. Yeah. It was creepy.
UNK: It's as if someone, or something, is down there.
UNK: That's... Okay, very funny. That's great.
Castle : - Was there a body down the manhole? - Yeah.
Castle : Okay. Thank you. An adult.
UNK: Yeah, you should've seen what else was down there.
Beckett : Two metal canisters with biohazard stickers and yellow powder inside of it.
Castle : You opened the...
Castle : All right... Will someone please tell me what's really going on here?
Ryan : We're gonna check nearby trash cans for the murder weapon.
Castle : What was the murder weapon, by the way?
Ryan : - Some kind of death ray. - Turns your insides out.
UNK: Her fingerprints came back negative.
Perlmutter : Missing Persons didn't have anyone matching her description.
Perlmutter : Your boys didn't happen to find her purse by any chance?
Beckett : No. No purse, no murder weapon.
UNK: We have ourselves a Jane Doe.
Castle : Two days and no one steps forward to say she's missing.
Beckett : Which means she probably lived alone
Beckett : and she didn't have a job where she needed to be.
UNK: I can tell you this much, she's an immigrant,
UNK: - probably from Eastern Europe. - Her dental work?
Perlmutter : She's got a couple of stainless steel crowns.
Perlmutter : We don't use them anymore in the States,
Perlmutter : but they're still common in the former Soviet Bloc.
Perlmutter : We found this scrunched in the bottom of her pants pocket.
Beckett : - Candy wrapper. - It's got some kind of writing on it.
Castle : The lettering has diacritical marks on it.
Castle : They're accent marks used to represent sounds that are alien to Latin.
UNK: I'm gonna go with Slavic Cyrillic. No, Czech.
Perlmutter : And you know this how?
Castle : I almost ordered a Russian bride once. You know, a Czech mate?
UNK: I'm gonna run this down.
Beckett : There can't be too many shops in the area that sell this stuff.
UNK: Hey, Perlmutter, I'm having a book launch party Monday night,
UNK: - you wanna come? - Please.
Castle : I'll put you down as a maybe.
UNK: This is gonna weird you out a little bit,
UNK: but check this out.
UNK: I mean, it just seems like I seem to bend the space-time continuum.
UNK: Castle showing Karpowski His Russian Matryoshka Dolls This Is Going To Weird You Out A Little Bit, But Check This Out : Look, just when you think there can't be another one...
UNK: - What is he doing? - We hit about a dozen little shops
Beckett : trying to find that candy wrapper,
Beckett : and he insisted on buying something in every shop.
Beckett : - In every shop? - No wrapper, though.
UNK: Well, something tells me if he decides to put the great candy wrapper hunt
Montgomery : in his next book, he'll give it a happier ending.
UNK: Wait, sir, sir, "next book"?
Beckett : Is he writing another Nikki Heat novel? The deal was for one book.
Beckett : - I assumed that... - You were off the hook?
Montgomery : You know how the mayor feels about Castle.
Montgomery : If the man is gonna write another book about you...
Beckett : I am not Nikki Heat, sir.
UNK: Yeah, well, His Honor expects your cooperation either way.
UNK: Yo. Found your candy.
Castle : You found it? Get out of town.
Esposito : - Little grocery on 47th and 9th. - Yep.
Paula : I told you we should've checked the west end.
Ryan : Owner recognized our vic's picture.
Ryan : Said she'd come by every couple of weeks
Ryan : - to stock up on stuff from back home. Mmm.
UNK: Kind of tastes like soap. I like it.
Beckett : Did he give you a name?
Esposito : No, but he did point us to where he thought she might live.
Esposito : Apparently, there's an SRO not far from where we found the body,
Esposito : - caters to Czech illegals. - Well, then, let's pay it a visit.
Super : Yeah, I knew her. Lady in 5-C. Eliska Sokol.
Super : She was a nice person. She kept to herself, but nice.
UNK: Yeah, why anybody'd want to kill her...
Beckett : - How long did she live in the building? - About six months.
Castle : - Never gave you any trouble? - No, I wish all my tenants were like her.
Super : She paid her rent on time every week in cash.
Beckett : You said 5-C?
Super : - Yeah, you wanna see it? - Yeah, please.
Beckett : Why don't you guys start knocking on doors?
UNK: We'll see if any of the other tenants can shed some light.
UNK: Later.
Super : Here it is. Let me know when you're done.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : From what I'm seeing, it's a pretty good bet she lived alone.
Castle : There's not even a telephone.
Beckett : Something tells me she didn't have many visitors.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Work calendar, maybe? Keeping track of shifts?
Castle : There's nothing past last Wednesday.
Beckett : Postcards from home.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : If a picture's worth a thousand words, this one says, "Not a fan."
Beckett : The scratches go through the paper.
Beckett : Whoever she is, looks like our vic hated her.
Castle : Could be the feeling was mutual.
UNK: Hey. - Hey.
Castle : - Want a lollipop? - Oh, yes.
Castle : Tastes like soap.
Alexis : - I'll pass. - Suit yourself.
Alexis : Oh, Dad, Taylor asked if she could come
Alexis : to your book launch party with me.
Alexis : - Would that be okay? - Sure.
UNK: - Hmm! So, Taylor likes my stuff, huh? - Not that I know of.
Beckett : - Then... - God, you are so dense.
Martha : She wants to get dressed up, go to a party, meet boys.
Martha : - She doesn't care about your little book. - Thanks, Dad.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: You really are something, you know?
UNK: You always think everything's about you. Here.
Castle : - What are these? - They're flyers for my play.
Martha : I thought you could hand them out
Martha : when you're signing books at the party tomorrow.
Castle : Gee, I was thinking, actually, that I might keep the evening about me.
Martha : See if I plug your book when I'm doing PR.