UNK: Fariq Yusef : And Agent Fallon, your reputation precedes you.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Does the Syrian Consulate even know you're here?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : When last we met, Detective Beckett, you relieved me of my pistol.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I thought now is a good time to retrieve it.
UNK: Mr. Yusef, when last we met, you told me
Castle : it was in your business to stay informed.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I find in my business it's important to
UNK: Fariq Yusef : keep up with current events.
Castle : And I'm sure that your country would do
Castle : everything in its power to avoid a terrible misunderstanding
Castle : if somehow Amir or his wife Nazihah
Castle : were mistakenly believed to be involved in an act of domestic terrorism.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I would say it's in both our interests.
Castle : You also mentioned that Amir was of special interest to you.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : We, at the Syrian Consulate, wanted to make sure he liked his new home,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : so, yes, we checked in with him from time to time.
Beckett : And what about Nazihah? Did you check in on her?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Under the circumstances,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : we thought it would be appropriate to send our condolences.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You had her under surveillance, didn't you?
Castle : Where is she?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Mr. Fallon, the Syrian Consulate is strictly a diplomatic mission.
UNK: We're certainly not in the business of spying on US citizens.
UNK: However,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : if you were to happen by a red brick industrial building
UNK: Fariq Yusef : on the corner of 158th Street and Franklin,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I do not think you'd be wasting your time.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Now, if you'll excuse me.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I have an appointment outside the city.
UNK: Watch! Gun!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: That's our baby.
Beckett : The baby's fine.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's Nazihah?
Castle : Guys, over here.
Beckett : Camera frame is too tight. We can't tell where she is.
Castle : No way to get in touch with her and let her know her baby's all right.
Beckett : Well, I guess it's all up to him.
Castle : He knows we're on a deadline, right?
Beckett : Yeah, he knows.
Castle : I mean a literal deadline?
Castle : As in, you go over the line, you're dead?
Beckett : Castle, can you just give him a chance?
Castle : I'm happy to give him anything he needs.
Castle : It's the clock that's not cooperating.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Alert all units. Target is in a black van. Repeat. A black van.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : They left for Times Square 10 minutes ago.
Castle : - How'd you get them to talk? - I lied.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I told them Radford cut a deal implicating them both.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I want checkpoints and barricades in Times Square!
UNK: Get choppers in the air! Find that van!
UNK: She just left 10 minutes ago,
Castle : there's a chance we can catch her before she gets there.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Take Broadway or Riverside!
Beckett : We got Broadway.
UNK: You should not have taken Broadway.
Beckett : It's the most direct route to Midtown.
Castle : Yeah, but it's not the fastest. You should cut over...
Beckett : Castle, would you please stop telling me how to drive.