UNK: Beckett?
Beckett : That's Fallon's surveillance guy.
UNK: Nazihah.
UNK: Nazihah!
UNK: Nazihah!
Beckett : She's gone. So is the kid.
UNK: What?
UNK: I found this on the table.
UNK: "Allah Akbar. God is great.
UNK: "I go to my glory against the forces of the infidel."
Beckett : She's their new terrorist.
UNK: They're going to have her set off the bomb.
UNK: Uniforms are canvassing neighbors, but none of them saw the abduction.
Beckett : What about the traffic cams?
UNK: I've got teams out there. But with less than two hours left,
Ryan : there's no time to go through all the footage.
Castle : - Where's Montgomery? - He's on with 1 PP
Ryan : coordinating city emergency response teams.
Ryan : Just in case.
UNK: Mobilize FEMA with full radiation protocol.
UNK: Have them standing by to airlift into the city.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yes, sir.
Beckett : We found her phone at the house. The family car is out in front.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : So we have no way to trace her.
UNK: Yo, I've got something.
UNK: According to DOD, most of the guys in Radford's unit are still deployed.
Esposito : I was able to locate all but two.
Esposito : Evan Bauer and Jack Cochran.
UNK: Their families say they've been on a fishing trip since last week.
Beckett : What do we know about them?
Esposito : Well, Bauer is a weapons specialist,
Esposito : and Cochran did a tour in Explosive Ordnance Disposal.
UNK: An EOD guy would know how to build a bomb.
UNK: All right, get a team together.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Crawl up these guy's asses with a microscope.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Phone records, financials, anything. Get a location.
Montgomery : What's wrong?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We find these guys, you know what we're going to see?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : These aren't brainwashed, radicalized kids on a student visa.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : This is highly trained military.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : They're probably reading out of our playbook.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We are running out of time.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Get NEST in the air. Yes, sir.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Maybe we'll get lucky. Ground teams can make a move.
UNK: There... There might be another way.
UNK: But,
UNK: I don't think you're gonna like it.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Make the call.
UNK: Evan Bauer : It's really very simple. Do what we ask, everybody lives.
UNK: Evan Bauer : Don't do what we ask, everybody dies. It's as easy as that.
Nazihah : You killed my husband. Why should I believe you?
UNK: Evan Bauer : Because I'm afraid you have no other choice.
UNK: Evan Bauer : See the van?
UNK: Evan Bauer : All you gotta do is drive it to where we said,
UNK: Evan Bauer : park it, and walk away.
UNK: Evan Bauer : You do that for us,
UNK: Evan Bauer : we'll return your baby and we can all go on with our lives.
UNK: Evan Bauer : But you should know, there's a camera on the driver's side.
UNK: Evan Bauer : If you do anything stupid, we'll know.
UNK: Evan Bauer : Nod if you understand.
UNK: Mr. Castle, Detective Beckett.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : So good to see you again.