UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The bomb was not in the truck.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : No, sir. That's negative. The bomb was not in the truck.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We have rad crews on the ground now.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yes, sir. I'll keep you apprised.
Montgomery : Keep the perimeter at a three-block radius,
Montgomery : and keep the press the hell out of here.
Montgomery : We don't need a panic on our hands, all right?
UNK: Sir, radiation teams have finished sweeping the immediate area.
Uniform : Negative across the board.
Uniform : If they moved the device, it's not nearby.
Montgomery : It makes no sense. Why would they move it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's a rodeo clown.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Rodeo clown?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The truck, it's a diversion.
UNK: Jamal must've sensed we were closing in.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He gave us something to chase, throw us off the target. He's playing us.
Montgomery : So we're back to square one.
UNK: We gotta find Jamal.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Move in on his employees. Shake the trees.
UNK: Somebody's gotta know something.
Castle : You think Fallon knows he's chasing a dead man?
Beckett : No. And he won't know unless we get out of here.
UNK: You think they're coming back?
Montgomery : Why would they?
Castle : For Jamal.
Castle : Why else would they keep his body on ice?
Castle : Whoever's behind this,
Castle : wanted to preserve his body for some reason.
Castle : I'm thinking they wanted his body in that van with the bomb.
Castle : That way, when the bomb goes off...
UNK: They'd have his remains and his DNA at the crime scene.
Beckett : People would think that he was the terrorist.
Castle : Right. And then the real terrorists would get away scot-free.
Beckett : Okay, so then the question is why?
Beckett : What is their agenda?
Castle : We're not going to find out in here.
UNK: Well, Castle, thank you for stating the obvious.
Beckett : Got anything?
Castle : No, no. No thermostat, no control box.
UNK: It must be on the outside.
Beckett : Got any bars on your phone?
Castle : No. Wait, wait, wait...
Castle : No. You?
UNK: No.
Castle : How cold do you think it is in here?
Beckett : Judging by the way that it feels,
Beckett : I'd say it's well below freezing.
UNK: How long do you think we're gonna last, dressed like this?
Beckett : A couple of hours at the most.
Castle : That's what I thought, too.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa! That door is made of steel.
UNK: I don't think that's going to do anything.
Beckett : Castle, nobody knows that we're in here.
Beckett : Nobody even knows to look for us.
Beckett : We're gonna freeze to death if we don't get out of here.
Castle : Well, maybe there's another way out.
UNK: Right. Yeah. On three?
Beckett : Yeah. One...
Castle : - Two... - Three.
UNK: Okay, again. One...
Castle : - Two... - Three.
UNK: Again. One...
Castle : - Two... - Three.
Alexis : We didn't have to come back. I was fine, you know.
Martha : Fine? I could literally feel your anxiety level rising
Martha : the further we got from the city.
Martha : A spiritual retreat is supposed to be spiritual, darling,
Martha : not stressful.
Martha : We'll do it another time when you don't have a test hanging over you.
UNK: Although I could've written you a brilliant excuse.
Martha : I used to write the best ones for your father.
Martha : Circus accidents, apartment fires...
Martha : Movie night?
Alexis : I don't know. He has the projector up, but...
Alexis : Huh. He's not here.
Martha : Well, maybe he's out. As in...
UNK: Yes. But he always calls when he's out. Or leaves a note.
Martha : Well, he figured we were gone, so why bother?
Martha : It's late, darling. Come on. We'll ask him in the morning.
Beckett : Castle, that's not good.
Castle : No. It's not.
UNK: All right. Stand back.
Castle : - What are you gonna do? - Just stand back.
UNK: Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa!