UNK: All I have is his cell phone number.
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : His phone's active, but it's old school.
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : No native GPS.
UNK: How long before you get a fix on him?
UNK: Homeland Security Tech : I'll need a few minutes to triangulate off the cell towers.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Do what you got to do. Just don't let him know we're coming.
Montgomery : Can't believe we're chasing one of our own.
Castle : He's not wrong, you know.
Castle : Used to be we go to war, everybody sacrifices,
Castle : everybody pitches in. Now, you don't even see it on the news.
Castle : I'm not defending him.
Castle : I'm just saying I understand the anger.
UNK: Well, Amir is the perfect patsy.
Beckett : He has a background in weapons engineering, ties to Syria,
Beckett : which is a hotbed for Al Qaeda recruiting.
Beckett : I mean, it has "terrorist" written all over it.
Castle : And the money from his Afghanistan account
UNK: would've had people believing Taliban was involved.
Beckett : We're so programmed by fear.
UNK: People are going to believe exactly what Radford wants us to believe,
Beckett : that we were attacked again. And then they're gonna cry out for blood.
Montgomery : Less than four hours.
Castle : If we can't stop it, shouldn't we tell people?
Montgomery : Tell them what? That a dirty bomb is gonna go off somewhere in Manhattan?
Montgomery : Know the kind of panic that would create? No.
Montgomery : Our only hope is to stop this thing. Let's just hope that we can.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We got him. Let's roll.
UNK: Hayes!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Get down! Get down! Get down!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - On your knees! On your knees! - Get down now!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Interlock your fingers behind your head!
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Tell me where it is.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where is it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb?
Esposito : This guy makes me sick. He swore an oath to defend this country.
Castle : In his mind, he's a patriot.
UNK: Yeah, like Tim McVeigh.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Ryan, contact DOD.
UNK: See if you can get twenties on the guys he served with in Afghanistan.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : See if any of them are blowing in the wind.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You ready?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We break him. No matter what.
Beckett : Got it.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Look, I know you're angry. And I understand.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : But what you're doing,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : what you're involved with,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : it's not the way.
Beckett : Radford, you're a soldier. The people in this city are not your enemies.
UNK: Radford Hayes : I have no idea what you're talking about.
Beckett : Look, we know about you going up to the storage facilities
Castle : in Washington Heights.
Beckett : And the warehouse.
UNK: Radford Hayes : What about it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Well, we know that there was nuclear material in the storage facility,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : the bomb was assembled in the warehouse.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : So don't insult us and tell us you don't know anything about it.
Esposito : He's wasting his time.
Castle : Why do you say that?
Esposito : He's Special Forces. We're trained for this.
Esposito : Never to give up information.
Esposito : Never to give up your position if you're captured.
UNK: They can't break him.
Esposito : Not in time.
UNK: Do you see yourself as a great hero, doing this for a mighty cause?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You think that's how people are going to see you?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Because I'll tell you right now, brother,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : if you let this happen,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : you're going to go down in history as America's greatest mass murderer.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Is that what you want?
UNK: Radford Hayes : When this bomb goes off,
UNK: Radford Hayes : do you think they're going to be looking at me?
UNK: Radford Hayes : People will see this as an act of terrorism,
UNK: Radford Hayes : so they will be looking for a terrorist.
UNK: Radford Hayes : Not a patriot.
UNK: Radford Hayes : Not one of their own.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Is that what you think you are? A patriot?
UNK: There's a word for people like you, it's not "patriot."
UNK: It's "traitor."
UNK: Radford Hayes : The powers that be have no use for a traitor.
UNK: Radford Hayes : So when they find their terrorist, and they will find their terrorist,
UNK: Radford Hayes : what do you think will happen to me?
UNK: Radford Hayes : Well, let me tell you, because I know them, I know how they think.
UNK: Radford Hayes : I will become a footnote in one of your files,
UNK: buried so far back no one will ever find it,
UNK: Radford Hayes : because anything more would be an inconvenience to their self-serving,
UNK: Radford Hayes : rabble-rousing narrative.
UNK: Radford Hayes : So why don't you do us all a favor and just accept the inevitable.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You think this is a joke?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You think I'm playing with you?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb?