UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Where's the bomb? - Fallon, no!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where is it?
UNK: - What's the target, Radford? - Lower your weapon, Fallon!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the target?
UNK: Fallon! Lower your weapon. Now!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Not until he tells me what I want to hear.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Where is it? - Lower your weapon!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You ready to go all the way?
UNK: Radford Hayes : I'm prepared to die for my country.
Castle : Are you?
Beckett : Put down your weapon now!
UNK: Hey. I got that.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: He wasn't going to break, you know.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If I had a couple of days, maybe. A week. But not in three hours.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We needed him to break, I saw an opening, I took it.
Beckett : You violated his rights.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I can think of probably a dozen federal lawyers
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : that would disagree with that.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He was never in any real danger.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I removed the bullets from my clip. The gun wasn't even loaded.
Beckett : Well, mine was.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yeah, well, I was pretty sure you weren't going to shoot me.
Beckett : You know, next time I wouldn't be so sure.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Detective, I understand that you probably hate me.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You have every right to. Both of you.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : But my job isn't to make friends.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's to stop bad things from happening.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : And seeing as how we're just a couple of hours away
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : from a major terrorist event,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : and we are basically back at square one,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I could really use your help.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yes, sir.
Castle : Man, does that guy take jackhole lessons, or was he born that way?
UNK: Neither.
Ryan : I asked my buddy at DHS about him.
UNK: Turns out his wife was killed on 9l11.
Ryan : She rode the second tower down.
Ryan : They were on the phone together when it happened.
Beckett : He's right.
Beckett : If we don't get Radford to talk, we're dead in the water.
UNK: Maybe not.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Okay, I need backpack detectors spread out to the 10 most likely targets.
UNK: Get the NEST teams ready. Go.
Castle : Where are we on Jamal and Amir's co-conspirators?
UNK: Co-conspirators?
Beckett : Why? We know that they're patsies.
Castle : Remember what Radford said about the bomb going off.
Castle : He said we will find our terrorist.
Castle : But with Jamal and Amir out of the picture...
Beckett : They're gonna try to pin it on someone else.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Somebody related to them both.
UNK: All right, get locations on all known associates
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : of Amir and Jamal Alhabi.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I don't care if we dismissed them before.
UNK: Anybody of Middle-Eastern origin or descent.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Nazihah, Amir's wife.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Find her, track her down. See if she'll cooperate.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : She trusts you. Maybe she can help us narrow down the list.
Agent : On it.