Castle : Figured you could use the caffeine and the warmth.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : You ever wonder about Fallon?
Castle : I mean, what this must be like for him, living this every day.
Castle : I told Alexis and my mother to get out of town.
Castle : I didn't tell them why, but they knew.
UNK: And they wanted to tell their friends and I told them they couldn't.
Castle : I felt like a monster.
Castle : I mean, that must be some kind of hell
Castle : feeling that, all the time.
Beckett : Kind of makes you wonder how many times this has happened since 9l11,
Beckett : and we were the ones who didn't know.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Yeah, the McCann's address is a dead end.
UNK: A Korean family lives here.
UNK: They've been living here for the past four years.
Beckett : Did you search the place?
Esposito : Yeah. Didn't seem to be anything out of the ordinary.
Esposito : But we did talk to a longtime neighbor.
Esposito : And they said the McCann family lived here,
Esposito : She seems to recall something about them having a son named Kevin,
Esposito : and he went in the military.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Kevin McCann. Army Special Forces.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Recipient of two Purple Hearts and a Distinguished Service Medal
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : during his six tours in Afghanistan.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Six tours?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Military's stretched pretty thin these days.
Ryan : Doesn't make any sense.
Castle : What's a war hero doing mixed up in a terrorist plot?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Don't look at me, pal. It's your theory.
Beckett : Do they have an address listed?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Arlington, Virginia.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Kevin McCann, the real Kevin McCann,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : died a couple of years back at a VA hospital
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : from complications of wounds he suffered during combat ops.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Buried at Arlington with full honors.
Beckett : So someone stole his identity.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He could be anyone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Including a foreign agent.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Run this through FBI and CIA facial-recognition databases
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : all the way up to Interpol.
UNK: I want to know everything I can about this guy.
UNK: All right. So, tech tracked the phone
Beckett : that he's been using under the McCann name.
Beckett : Patrol units just found it in a dumpster, it's been wiped clean.
Beckett : We got an APB out on him,
UNK: and we've sent copies of his photo to everyone.
Esposito : Yo. Teams are on their way to the taxi depot and the impound
Esposito : to pull prints from the cabs he drove.
Esposito : But with multiple drivers and passengers,
Esposito : there're going to be hundreds of prints in each cab.
Esposito : It's gonna take some time.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's time we don't have.
Beckett : Why would he steal McCann's identity?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I thought this guy was a crime novelist.
Castle : I am.
UNK: Well, then, you should know that, sometimes,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : people who operate outside the law
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : will take the Social Security number of a deceased individual
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : and use it to forge a new identity.
Montgomery : I know. I've done it three times in my books.
Castle : What I'm saying is,
Beckett : why would he steal Kevin McCann's identity?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Because it was convenient.
Castle : Why was it convenient?
Castle : I mean, the money that was deposited into Amir's account to implicate him,
Castle : we tracked it back to Afghanistan.
Castle : McCann served in Afghanistan. Maybe there's a link.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : What kind of link?
Castle : I don't know. Maybe...
Castle : Maybe this guy wasn't just stealing the identity of some random dead guy.
Castle : Maybe McCann is someone he knew, or someone he needed to be.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Contact the Pentagon. Get everything you can on McCann.
Castle : His family used to live here. Are they still around?
Esposito : Parents are dead, but he's got a sister in Queens.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : Sorry about the mess.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : It's just... It's been hard since Doug left.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : Sweetie, just go play in your room.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : So, what happened? My deadbeat ex got arrested again?
Beckett : Actually, Miss McCann, we're here about your brother.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : Yeah, I know him.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : That's Radford. Radford Hayes.
UNK: Colleen Mccann : He was in my brother's unit. They were best friends.
Beckett : He assumed your brother's identity.
Beckett : Do you have any idea why?