Castle : Are you trying to kill us sooner?
Beckett : Do you have a better idea?
UNK: Maybe just save the few rounds in case they come back.
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : I could use a silver lining right about now. Okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I wish I had one.
Ryan : This doesn't make any sense.
Esposito : What, bro?
Ryan : These guys who work for Jamal's moving company.
Ryan : They are Middle Eastern, but most of them are citizens,
Ryan : born here in the States.
Ryan : Aside from a couple of traffic violations, their records are clean.
Esposito : Maybe that's why they were recruited.
Ryan : Now you're starting to sound like Fallon.
Ryan : Maybe Castle was right.
Ryan : Maybe there is something else going on here.
UNK: Ryan.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You get anything?
Montgomery : Nothing so far. They claim to not to know anything
Montgomery : about Jamal's whereabouts or his activities.
UNK: And the ones that are lawyering up are accusing us of racial profiling.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : They're not wrong.
Montgomery : You okay?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Compared to a nuke, a dirty bomb is a fairly crude device.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's designed to instill fear in the populace.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The majority of the immediate damage
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : is gonna come from the conventional explosion,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : creating a kill zone.
Montgomery : Like Oklahoma City.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Except for it's not just a building that falls.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It spreads radiation for several blocks, that's your secondary kill zone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If left untreated,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : people can die from radiation poisoning in less than a week.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : But what makes this such an effective terror weapon
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : is the outer zone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Now in this area, everybody seems fine at first.
UNK: Then the cancers start showing up.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Babies, kids, adults.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : And with every new case that's reported,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : people flock to the emergency rooms, overwhelm the system.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's like we're being attacked all over again.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If we can't find the bomb, maybe we can find the target.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Pull everybody you got.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Give me a list of every significant event
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : going on in the city for the next 48 hours.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Any place where people might gather
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - in large numbers. - This is New York City.
Montgomery : There are a hundred events going on every day.
Montgomery : We have to narrow it down.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Focus on anything political or government related.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : There any sporting events going on?
UNK: What's happening at the U. N?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Maybe there's a reason they're choosing to strike now.
Ryan : Sir, can I speak with you alone?
Montgomery : Excuse us.
Montgomery : So, what's wrong?
Ryan : I just got off the phone with Castle's daughter.
Ryan : Apparently, he hasn't come home,
Ryan : and she hasn't been able to reach him on his cell.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - So? - Castle got kicked off the task force.
Esposito : - Why isn't he at home? - How should I know?
Esposito : Beckett's not answering her phone either.
Ryan : We thought, given their history that...
Esposito : We thought the two of them might have got onto something.
UNK: You two do realize that a terror cell is threatening to strike
Montgomery : and thousands of lives may be at risk.
Ryan : - Yes, sir. But... - What do you want me to do?
Montgomery : Send out a search party because your pals
Montgomery : aren't answering their cell phones in the middle of the night?
Montgomery : They could be out having a cold one.
Esposito : - Captain... - I appreciate your concern.
Montgomery : And I'm sure they appreciate your concern.
Montgomery : But they can take care of themselves.
Montgomery : Besides, we have a terrorist to find.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : are you there?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. I'm all right, I'm all right... I'm right here.
Beckett : I can't feel anything.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I always thought,
Beckett : being a cop, I'd take a bullet.
UNK: I never thought I'd freeze to death.
UNK: Hey,
Castle : we're not dead yet.
Beckett : I just wish this was one of your books, then you could rewrite the ending.
UNK: I'm... I'm sorry.
Beckett : For what?
Castle : For being me.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Going rogue. Getting you into this.
UNK: - lf we hadn't gone on our own... - No, shh.
Beckett : Castle, no. Okay.
Beckett : You were right. We found the bomb.
Beckett : We are just too late, okay?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Thank you for being there.
UNK: Always.
UNK: I just wanted you to know how much I...
Castle : Hey, Kate...
UNK: Hey. Stay with me.
UNK: Kate.
Castle : Stay with me.
Paramedic : Easy, pal.
Castle : Beckett? Where is she?
Paramedic : - Sir, I'm gonna need you to calm down. - Where is she?
Josh : She's gonna be fine. You're both fine. Got to you just in time.
Castle : - Josh? - Hey.
Josh : So, you're recovering from a moderate case of hypothermia.
UNK: You're gonna be a little bit sluggish for a while,
Josh : but with some warmth and some fluids you be should be all right.
Castle : I thought you were in Haiti.