Josh : Didn't go. It's gonna hurt.
Josh : Okay. Let's see if we can't get you to sit up.
UNK: All right, move slowly.
UNK: There you go.
Castle : How long was I out?
UNK: I don't know. About an hour.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The bomb...
UNK: We searched the entire warehouse. It's gone.
Castle : How'd you find us?
Esposito : Alexis called. Said you didn't come home.
UNK: Alexis? She's supposed to be out of town.
Esposito : I guess she came back.
Esposito : We figured you were with Beckett, until Josh called.
Ryan : We thought you must be out there
Ryan : doing something incredibly stupid against orders,
Ryan : so we sent patrol units everywhere
Ryan : we figured you'd be moronic enough to go.
Ryan : Found Beckett's car, and we searched the area
UNK: until we found the light from the storage container.
Castle : Well, I'm glad my stupidity's predictable.
Castle : You pulled us out of there?
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: - So your boy's back in town. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : He came back.
Castle : So what does that mean to you?
Beckett : It means we have a chance.
Beckett : Come on. Fallon wants to debrief.
UNK: You think he's ready to believe us?
UNK: NEST confirms high-levels of residual radiation
UNK: along with the military-grade Semtex.
UNK: There's no question that device was here.
Montgomery : I'll have my team pull surveillance tape
Montgomery : on every camera within a quarter-mile of here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Sounds good. I'll catch up to you.
Esposito : - Beckett. - Sir.
UNK: You two. Are you always this stubborn and insubordinate?
Castle : Only when we're trying to save the world.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I'd be more impressed if you succeeded.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : How did you know to come here?
Beckett : Security cameras in Amir's cab.
Beckett : We think that he was keeping tabs on one of his drivers, Kevin McCann.
Castle : We pulled McCann's route records.
Castle : Turns out he visited that storage facility in Washington Heights
Castle : where the radioactive material was being kept and this warehouse.
Castle : Long before Amir did.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : McCann was here before him?
Beckett : Yeah. It looks like Amir was following McCann,
Beckett : trying to figure out what he was up to, until he was caught and killed.
Castle : And with Amir, their intended patsy, dead,
Castle : we think they were trying to implicate his cousin Jamal as the bomber.
Esposito : That's why they were keeping his body on ice.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Did you see any other members of the cell here?
Beckett : - No, it was dark. - And they were shooting.
Beckett : But we do know that the bomb is housed in a white commercial van
UNK: with a rear and side passenger door.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : A white van in New York City. Well, that narrows it down.
Castle : We saw the counter. It's set to go off at 4 : 00 today.
UNK: That's less than 10 hours from now.
UNK: All right. I'll put up checkpoints, but it's already in the city.
Beckett : Look, I know all the evidence points to Amir and Jamal,
Beckett : but something bigger is going on here, and Kevin McCann is involved.
UNK: Got it. Yo, that was the taxi company.
UNK: McCann's supposed to be on shift right now, but he didn't show up.
UNK: And he's not answering his phone.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Did you get an address?
Ryan : DMV lists an apartment off Jerome Avenue in the Bronx.
UNK: All right, get a team together. Go up there and get him.
Beckett : - Agent Fallon. - Yeah.
Beckett : Given the circumstances,
Beckett : we'd like to request to be reinstated on the task force.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Well, that's not up to me.
UNK: Be up to your doctor, isn't it?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You know, it's funny.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : When I first met you two, I thought you were together.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: No. Just friends.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Get cleaned up. We've got a long day ahead of us.
UNK: All right, guys.
Martha : Oh, Richard, darling. Oh, are you all right?
Castle : Are you using that blanket?
Martha : - No, I'm gonna give it to you. - Thank you.
UNK: - You poor baby, wow. - Ooh, ooh. Thank you.
Martha : You look like death warmed over.
Castle : If someone tries to sell you on cryogenics, say no.