House : The nuttiness and paralysis mean there's definitely a neurological component.
Foreman : Could be a nerve disease.
House : Which is why we need to look at the nerve that you didn't biopsy.
Chase : There are other tests.
House : HIV? Syphilis?
House : She was negative for all STDs. Vascular? No, ANA was negative.
House : Cerebral clot? No, MRI was...
Cameron : Thyroid storm.
Foreman : Makes sense given her glucose reaction was slow, and potassium's down.
House : Yeah, I'll check with an endocrinologist.
Cameron : Bennett's on call.
UNK: Perfect.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
UNK: No. Need a consult.
Cuddy : I already okayed your nerve biopsy.
House : Need an endocrinologist.
Cameron : Bennett's on call.
House : Won't pick up.
House : His cell phone must be broken.
Cuddy : Mine's working.
House : Had to give you the file.
Cuddy : I assume you're thinking thyroid storm. Have you done a hormone panel?
UNK: Normal. TSH was on the low side.
House : Is that a cheery fire I hear crackling nearby?
Cuddy : No, what about CPK enzymes?
House : Elevated, 275.
House : People light fires for themselves, but then they don't deny it.
House : He's here?
Cuddy : CPK isn't high enough.
Cuddy : Potassium's what you'd expect because of the bronchodilators.
House : Oh, my God! You're not wearing a bra.
Cuddy : It's not thyroid storm.
House : You just met him.
Cuddy : I like him,
Cuddy : and I like sex. Do I need to stitch a letter on my tops?
UNK: No. Might be worth taking out an ad in the local papers.
Cuddy : Do you like me, House?
Cuddy : I was on the phone with Bennett 15 minutes ago. His cell phone's working.
UNK: Your MO is to avoid me at all costs,
Cuddy : and suddenly you need my input on every move you make. I can only assume
Cuddy : it's because I'm on a date.
House : When we met, I noticed...
Cuddy : You noticed he was a Shriner because of the way he parted his hair.
UNK: You noticed he was a mama's boy because of the way he blinked his left eye.
Cuddy : I'm not interested. I'm not impressed.
Cuddy : There are only two reasons anyone would want to screw with me tonight.
Cuddy : Either they're an altruistic decent person
Cuddy : who's worried about my well-being, or they want me for themselves.
House : You left out the third option.
House : Evil bastard who just wants to mess with other people's happiness.
UNK: Good night, House.
Cuddy : We won't be bothered again.
Don : It's late. I should go.
UNK: Why?
Don : I part my hair on the left, and I'm a Shriner?
Cuddy : You heard the conversation?
Cuddy : I'm not interested in him.
Don : I don't blame you.
Cuddy : I only said those things so that he wouldn't come back.
Don : I don't really care about my job. I do it well.
Don : I provide a service, but my goal was always to make enough money
Don : to do the things I really like. Music, travel...
Cuddy : I like those things, too.
Don : You like them, but they're not really important to you.
Don : I don't know whether it's House, your job, or you just thrive on conflict,
Don : but you should hear yourself when you're talking to him.
Don : Nothing else in the world's going on. You're focused, confident, compelling.
Don : Don't take this the wrong way, but I'd like to go out with that woman.
Cuddy : I can get her on the phone.
Cameron : Where did you go? She's getting worse.
Cuddy : It's not thyroid storm. Give me a spinal nerve.
Chase : There are still other tests.
House : She just said the girl is getting worse.
House : You really want to wait?
CAMERON : We'll be risking infection, maybe make the paralysis worse.
UNK: It is worse, and we're making it worse than worse? Do the biopsy.
UNK: We could paralyze her and get no useful information.
House : Do the biopsy.
UNK: If you're thinking peripheral neuropathy,
Foreman : we should take a nerve a little further away from the spine.
Foreman : A little further from the truth. We're talking paralysis.
UNK: There's a good chance the spine is relevant.
UNK: If this thing is progressing, it could kill her in hours.
House : Give me back my papers.
Wilson : Is he asking for a spinal nerve?
Cameron : How did you know?
Wilson : Give us a minute.