House : Where's Foreman?
Wendy : He's down here somewhere.
UNK: "Somewhere." Very helpful.
Wendy : Do you have any idea when he's getting out tonight?
UNK: Sometime.
Wendy : I realize you can't predict.
Wendy : I just thought you might be able to estimate. It's Valentines Day.
Wendy : I've planned a surprise getaway.
House : Get away.
House : Get away.
House : Get away.
Hannah : Is my mom okay?
Foreman : She's gone to surgery.
House : Foreman, your girlfriend wants to know if you're available for Valentine's.
House : Act surprised. What are you doing down here?
Foreman : There's a snowstorm. ER's short-staffed. We're all supposed to be here.
Foreman : You're supposed to be here. You're an ass. Act surprised.
Foreman : This could sting a little.
Hannah : Can we hurry this up? Make sure that...
House : Take your time. What's your name?
UNK: Hannah Morganthal.
House : You have CIPA, Hannah Morganthal.
Hannah : No, I don't.
House : We have to do x-rays to make sure you don't have internal injuries,
UNK: blood tests to make sure no infections.
House : EEG for neurological anomalies and biopsy a spinal nerve.
Foreman : Congenital insensitivity to pain is one of the rarest conditions on the planet.
Foreman : There's only been about 60 documented cases.
House : Yeah, and I have seven reasons to think that she's one of them.
Foreman : She says she's not.
House : And that's reason number one.
House : She knew what it was without us telling her.
UNK: Two, she's still wet from the snow. She's not shivering. That's odd,
House : unless she can't sweat or feel hot and cold.
Hannah : The ambulance was warm.
Hannah : I want to see my mother.
House : Three, scarring around the lips and tongue.
House : When she was a baby, she chewed on herself without feeling it.
Hannah : I fell through a window when I was a kid.
House : Four, when you cleaned the wound,
House : she flexed into the cleaner instead of away from it.
House : It's hard to fake pain when you've never felt it.
House : It takes an imaginative leap, Ms. Morganthal. That's one of them Jew names.
UNK: Ashkenazis are a higher-risk group.
Foreman : On the other hand, she says she doesn't have it,
Foreman : and she'd be dead by now if she'd never been diagnosed.
House : They killed our Lord. You're gonna trust them?
House : She wants to see her mom. She admits having CIPA,
House : she knows we're not letting her go anywhere without a battery of tests.
Foreman : You said you had seven reasons.
House : I pulled a number out of the air.
House : What, five isn't enough?
Foreman : Five lame reasons aren't.
Foreman : I'm taking her to see her mom as soon as...
UNK: I can hit her again if six isn't enough.
House : Do the tests.
House : Need to bail on the ER. I got a case.
House : Why are you wearing perfume?
Cuddy : Is this a real case
Cuddy : or one of those imaginary cases that happen when you're bored?
UNK: CIPA.
Cuddy : CIPA is a diagnosis.
Cuddy : Diagnoses happen at the end of cases.
House : She's got no idea what's going on in her body.
UNK: There's bound to be something wrong.
Cuddy : In other words, she could be perfectly healthy,
Cuddy : but you're curious about someone who can't feel pain
Cuddy : because you always feel pain, so you want to go exploring.
House : She was in a car accident.
House : She needs x-rays, blood tests, EEG, nerve biopsy.
House : I also note that, although snow is coming down in sheets this morning,
House : you left your hat at home, and you used earmuffs.
Cuddy : Do your tests, except for the...
House : So while everyone else was just worrying about getting in,