Cynthia : How bad is it? Are you okay?
Hannah : I'm okay, Mom.
Hannah : I'll get better. I always get better.
Cynthia : Are you checking yourself, your temperature?
Hannah : Mom, could you just let it go? You shouldn't be worrying.
Cynthia : Baby, I'm sorry.
Cynthia : I should have seen that car coming.
Hannah : No, Mom, I did this to myself. I screwed up.
Hannah : You were right. You were right, and I was wrong.
Hannah : No. No.
Hannah : I shouldn't have gone out on the ice. I shouldn't have fallen down,
Hannah : and I shouldn't have made you rush me to an ER for the 10th time this year.
UNK: MONITOR BEEPING
UNK: Mom?
UNK: Mom? You okay?
UNK: They have to take her back to surgery.
Cameron : Hannah, your BP is way up. We need to get you some rest.
Hannah : My hand's wet.
Cameron : You're crying.
Hannah : I can't cry.
Hannah : My head's killing me.
House : So what does the pain tell us?
UNK: No tingling or itching, so we can rule out...
Foreman : It tells us nothing. It wasn't physical pain. It was emotional.
House : Exactly. What were they doing when she got the headache?
Chase : Saying goodbye.
House : You said they were arguing.
Cameron : They weren't really arguing. She was just frustrated.
House : What were they arguing about?
Cameron : Whose fault it was.
Foreman : Peripheral neuropathy, fever and intermittent paranoia.
House : Lots of metabolic conditions can explain those things. What if we add guilt?
Chase : Guilt? As a symptom?
House : Alzheimer's can cause euphoria, pain causes depression,
House : and B12 deficiency causes guilt, along with all that other stuff.
Foreman : If she felt guilty, she wouldn't be making her mother's life miserable.
Foreman : She wouldn't be getting in fights, getting arrested.
Cameron : Maybe she's fighting because she feels guilty.
Cameron : She's showing her mom she can take stupid risks and still be safe.
UNK: Means mom can let go.
CHASE : Which is rational.
Foreman : If guilt is a symptom, it's caused by the illness,
Foreman : not by a thought process, and it would have to be new.
UNK: Couple years ago, she was a model student.
Chase : This is pointless. If the headache was caused by guilt,
Chase : she has a B12 deficiency.
Chase : If it's just because she was sad, it's meaningless.
Chase : How the hell do we test for that?
Chase : We don't.
House : Give her a shot of B12. When she gets better, I was right.
Foreman : We already did. ER gave her B12 when she was admitted,
Foreman : part of a multivitamin supplement. Apparently, she's just sad.
House : Why are you still here?
UNK: Trying to get a couple pages into a drug trial. Paperwork's due tomorrow.
Wilson : Why are you here?
House : Still haven't figured out why.
Wilson : No, I meant here, in my office.
House : Just dumped a cool B12 theory. Moved on to leukemia.
Wilson : Very pedestrian.
Cuddy : I'm not happy.
UNK: Her white-blood-cell count was low.
House : The ones she's got, it's just a lot of eosinophils.
Wilson : The immunoglobulin E-level's borderline.
UNK: If you want to be 100% sure, check the bone marrow.
UNK: The team's doing a biopsy right now.
House : It turns out the weird lawyer knew
House : that she used to be a man.
Wilson : And he's cool with that?
House : Turns out that his previous girlfriend also used to be a man.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : Is it possible for you to just watch me eat,
Wilson : or do you get some primeval thrill out of beating the other hunters to the food?
Wilson : See you later.
Hannah : You still haven't figured out that I don't need sedation?