UNK: Great, 'cause my place overcharges. Can't trust anything you guys say.
House : Where are you located?
UNK: In 14 states. I own Eastern Lube.
Cuddy : Most CIPA complications are infection, and she's got a fever.
Cuddy : LP? Urine?
House : Clean. Normal.
House : Same with the white-blood-cell count.
UNK: Cancer? Nothing on the scan.
House : I think it's her nerves messing with the temperature control.
House : Amyloid, sarcoid, there's a lot of candidates.
House : I want a biopsy.
Cuddy : Fine, if that's what you need, go get it.
UNK: LOUDLY He seems a lot nicer than that one from WiccaNeedsADaddyFigure. Com.
CHASE : One of these is warm,
Chase : and the other is very hot.
Chase : Start here. Move to the hot one. Just a few seconds, then back.
Chase : We're gonna monitor activity in your brain while you do it.
Chase : If you feel any response to the heat, it could indicate a vascular problem.
Hannah : How's my mom doing?
UNK: No.
Hannah : What does "okay" mean?
Chase : They tell me it's going okay.
Hannah : And you didn't ask anything else?
Chase : Take your hand out of the water.
House : What's going on with my mother?
UNK: Hannah!
Chase : You just got second-degree burns.
Hannah : I'll be fine. What's going on with my mother? Is she gonna die?
Chase : They said she's okay. Surgery this long
Chase : is typical when there are internal injuries.
FOREMAN : Naloxone and kinase proteins in.
Hannah : And that's gonna make me feel pain?
Hannah : I didn't feel anything when you guys screwed this thing into my head.
UNK: It'll replace missing chemicals in your nerves, heighten sensitivity.
UNK: We're gonna be drilling directly into your skull.
Foreman : A response should indicate sarcoma.
Hannah : What does it feel like?
UNK: It hurts.
Cynthia : I'm sorry.
Foreman : Bone pain is the worst there is, so you need
Foreman : to let me know as soon as you feel anything.
Foreman : She's ready.
Hannah : So, what, I just sit here while you guys drill a hole in me?
Hannah : You wanna talk?
Foreman : Just you and your mom, huh? You two must be pretty close.
Hannah : We were, until I got arrested. Third time.
UNK: Drugs? Fights.
Foreman : You got an advantage.
Hannah : Not really. Never know when to stop.
Foreman : You piss a lot of people off, or are you just trying to piss off your mom?
Foreman : Those are pretty much the only two choices you have.
UNK: Hannah? You want us to stop? Stop the drill! Stop the drill!
UNK: SCREAMING