House : Lake fishing can be fun. It can bring the generations together.
UNK: But if you don't cook that trout or perch well,
House : you'll be giving room and board to this fellow,
UNK: and by "free board," I mean all the B12 you can take in.
Bev : I could have a tapeworm in me?
House : Not likely. You'd be in a lot of pain.
UNK: It's gotta be 25 feet long.
UNK: Damn it. World record's over 60.
Chase : Hannah, wake up. Somebody here to see you.
Chase : She's got limited motion on her left side.
Chase : You might have to take care of her for a while.
Chase : You don't feel it, but you're about to rip your stitches out.
Chase : Take care of yourself. Then you can take care of her.
Wendy : You haven't gone home.
Foreman : Sorry I screwed up Valentine's day.
Wendy : I'm dating a doctor. I'd be an idiot to expect anything else.
UNK: I did get you a gift. MGH.
Foreman : Best teaching hospital in Boston.
Wilson : You want to be a nurse practitioner? That's as good as it gets.
Foreman : I made a few calls, and you're in if you want in.
Wendy : This is why you've been helping me get my surgical hours for accreditation.
Foreman : I thought you wanted... Stupid.
UNK: You've got 10 feet of personal space around you.
Wendy : I step forward, you step back.
Foreman : I've shared a lot of things with you.
House : Which is why you're breaking up with me.
Wendy : You can't stand to be close.
Foreman : Wendy, you think I'll stay with you because you're angry with me?
Wendy : I'm upset
Wendy : because I care.
Wendy : Only you'd expect an argument to be rational,
Wendy : you and that ass boss of yours.
UNK: Well, you could ask her for the spinal nerve.
House : She's got no reason to give it.
Wilson : She owes you.
House : The hospital will send her a bill.
UNK: I'm just saying, if you want to do it, do it while her B12 is still low.
Wilson : Guilt can be your friend.
UNK: Breakfast?
UNK: Yeah.
Chase : Happy Valentine's Day.
Cameron : Holiday that only applies to people who are already paired up.
Cameron : For everyone else, it's Wednesday.
Chase : Wow, thank you for that dash of cold water.
Cameron : Don't get me wrong. I still think true love's out there.
Cameron : It's just very far away, possibly in another galaxy.
Cameron : We may need to develop faster-than-light travel
Cameron : before we can make contact.
Cameron : So I'm thinking we should have sex.
Chase : That makes sense.
Cameron : Despite the wisdom of pop songs,
UNK: there's no point putting our lives on hold until love comes along.
Cameron : We're both healthy and busy people. We work together so it's convenient.
Chase : Like microwave pizza.
Cameron : And of all the people I work with,
Cameron : you're the one I'm least likely to fall in love with.
Chase : Like microwave pizza.
Cameron : The point here is to make things simpler, not more complicated.
Cameron : Someday, there'll be time to get serious about someone.
Cameron : Meanwhile, we already had sex once and didn't get weird about it, so...
Chase : I get it. I get it. So what if I'm offended by your judgment?
Cameron : Then you're not the man I'm looking for.