Cameron : Got a minute?
House : There's something wrong with this cup.
Cameron : I need someone to bounce ideas off of. Someone to be my whiteboard.
Cameron : That's how you taught me to work.
Cameron : I have three choices.
Cameron : First, I can accept it's over, pretend we don't work in the same hospital,
Cameron : have selective visual impairment when we pass each other in the hall.
Cameron : Second, I can accept it's over and leave.
House : Or you could try making him angry.
House : Standard choice number three.
Cameron : Third, I can talk to him.
Cameron : But it's not like I have any new facts I can present,
Cameron : and Chase has this romantic view of love that reality can't compete with.
House : I know how you could succeed.
UNK: How?
UNK: Just say the magic words, "I will destroy my husband's sperm."
UNK: You mean, succeed without doing that? Probably not.
Cameron : I have doubts. Normal doubts.
Cameron : It's not wrong to prepare for bad things to happen, even if you don't expect them to.
Cameron : I don't expect my condo to burn down, but I have fire insurance.
Taub : Patient's girlfriend left him, now he wants to leave us.
House : If your condo rules don't let you buy insurance, do you go homeless?
Taub : His room is this way.
Foreman : What? You think I can fix this?
House : We need to offer this guy something he can only get
House : if he stays in the hospital. Relationship counseling.
Eugene : I don't know if his girlfriend is...
House : I mean his two hemispheres.
House : That's the breakfast of relationships, the most important one of the day.
House : We need your special skills.
Scott : Is the guy out there?
Scott : The guy that's gonna make my right brain work?
Wilson : Oh, for...
Taub : What do you think your right brain wants?
UNK: Duct of Wirsung slightly enlarged, but within normal parameters.
House : Say something.
House : "Talk to her." The well isn't deep, is it?
Wilson : You're the dominant half, you make all the decisions.
Wilson : The right side has no control over anything. It must be frustrating.
Taub : No masses in body or tail segments.
Wilson : When you decide to go and get groceries, what do you do?
Thirteen : Your right brain has no idea
Wilson : why you're suddenly getting up and putting on your jacket.
Wilson : It just gets dragged along. Next time, try saying it out loud.
Wilson : I'm an oncologist.
House : Your right brain likes what he's saying. Hasn't moved the entire scan.
Taub : Hasn't gotten us anything, though. Scan's clean. It's not pancreatic cancer.
House : Clotting could be a problem well before a solid tumor forms.
UNK: It could still be pancreatic.
Taub : Yes, but if you want a diagnosis backed by actual evidence,
Taub : we should probably look at other cancers.
UNK: House. I just squawked!
Eugene : Your patient from yesterday. I just squawked!
Eugene : I was buying some flowers for Mona. It happened when I was paying the clerk.
House : I assume Dr. Cuddy gave you this number.
Eugene : Yes. She told me to call you any time I squawked, day or night.
House : I'm sorry, but I'm about to lose you,
House : because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane
House : while hanging up the phone.
House : I might be getting some more phone calls, so let's make it fast.
UNK: Lymphoma.
House : That's right, pancreatic.
House : I know it's pancreatic. I know there's evidence.
UNK: I know we've seen it. I just can't...
UNK: Right brainlleft brain issues?
House : If the cancer's too small to find, let's make it easier.
House : Let's open him up and paint it.
House : There's a new procedure using scorpion toxin and infrared paint.
UNK: The paint only works on the cancer cells, makes them easier to spot.
Foreman : Just agitating the pancreas can cause clotting,
Foreman : and you want to do it to a guy whose problem is clotting?
House : If I'm right about pancreatic cancer,
House : the only chance he's got is finding and removing those cancer cells now.
Thirteen : His brain MRI showed narrowing in the blood vessels leading up from the neck.
Thirteen : If we do shake something loose, we could kill him.
Taub : Or one of him.
UNK: A clot in his brain could kill one of them without affecting the other.
Foreman : He might actually be okay with that.
Foreman : How long is it going to take?
Chase : Assuming he doesn't crash, a few minutes.