UNK: Attention! I have an announcement.
House : As you go about your day,
House : I would like you to be aware of the fact that I slept with Lisa Cuddy.
Cuddy : This is beyond asshood.
Cuddy : You have the luxury of not caring about your image. I do not.
Cuddy : I can permit a lot of crap,
Cuddy : but an employee shouting about his sexual exploits with me, no.
Cuddy : That is zero tolerance. So congratulations, House, I'm angry.
House : I was wondering if we should move in together.
Cuddy : You're fired.
Eugene : I wouldn't worry about it. I think she likes you.
House : If I'm fired, I think that probably means I don't have to see patients.
Eugene : I'm here as a squeaky wheel.
Eugene : I know how you doctors are, you're busy, you get distracted.
Eugene : My lab results could be sitting in your inbox.
House : I don't need your labs, you have acid reflux.
Eugene : Well, how could you...
House : Acid splashes on the vocal cords,
House : they tense, make that squawking sound. It's completely harmless.
House : I'm gonna give you a prescription, and you're gonna go away.
Eugene : You are a great doctor.
House : Why'd you move your belt?
Eugene : I always move my belt.
UNK: It makes me sore.
House : You didn't tell me that.
Eugene : At 86, what isn't sore?
Eugene : Soreness is less important than squawking.
Eugene : It's the squawking that was bothering my wife.
House : That's not a potbelly. That's a tumor.
House : That's why pancreatic cancer was on my mind.
House : My brain was trying to tell me...
Eugene : This isn't sounding good.
House : Pancreatic cancer?
House : Can cause acid reflux. We should scope you.
Eugene : So it's not good. Even for cancer, it's not good.
House : No, it's not.
Taub : The deodorant has a high proportion of propylene glycol.
Taub : Same stuff made a kid in Singapore develop a heart condition
Taub : and, get this, seizures.
Taub : Our patient may never have needed split-brain surgery.
House : I'm sure he will half appreciate the irony.
UNK: Can you take this man to Radiology? Pancreatic scan.
House : And stay with him.
Eugene : Eugene Schwartz.
Cuddy : Whatever it is, just say it quickly.
House : Do you have more than one lipstick in the same shade?