UNK: What?
Taub : If it doesn't like an ultrasound wand, how's it gonna react to a needle?
Scott : Can you get music into this room?
Wilson : I think you're using your relationship with Cuddy as a replacement for drugs.
Wilson : You should be in more pain so soon into detoxing,
Wilson : but your body's full of romantic endorphins,
Wilson : and on top of that, you create this distraction of looking for proof.
UNK: You think I should stop and let the pain flood back?
Wilson : Cuddy is not a Vicodin substitute.
House : Quite the opposite.
Wilson : You have to wait for her to be ready.
House : Great advice. You pretend that I'm going to do that.
Wilson : You've made two major changes in your life,
Wilson : not a time anyone's judgment is at its best.
UNK: Didn't you used to argue that my judgment would be better off drugs?
House : Admit it. You're curious why I want to make her angry.
Wilson : I'm sure it's convoluted, wrong and stupid.
House : You're dying to know what I found on her coffee cup.
UNK: No, because... Oxytocin.
Wilson : Oxytocin, the chemical involved in emotional bonding.
House : Her lips say "no," her hormones say "Oh, my God, yes, more."
Wilson : No. For you to know her levels were elevated,
Wilson : you'd need a baseline to compare them with.
House : I paid the guy in the gym to retrieve one of her water bottles from the trash.
Wilson : Love inspires us to greatness.
House : So I need to make her lose her temper,
House : which breaks her delusion, which demonstrates to me, and to her,
UNK: that there is something underneath this facade.
Wilson : And then what happens?
Wilson : She admits everything and falls into your arms?
House : That's outcome one. Outcome two is she kills me.
House : I think it's 50-50 right now.
UNK: Great.
House : I thought you'd say that.
Wilson : You're committing yourself to something. To someone.
Wilson : I mean, it's childish in a way, but ultimately great.
UNK: Assuming... Are you absolutely sure you want this to succeed?
House : Why is an old guy standing in my doorway?
Eugene : Eugene Schwartz.
Eugene : Eugene Schwartz.
Eugene : Dr. Cuddy asked me to come up here from the clinic.
Eugene : She says you're seeing patients in your office.
Eugene : It's still free, though, isn't it?
House : She sent him. That's gotta mean something.
Wilson : I'll go get my decoder ring.
Eugene : I squawk. Like a parrot.
Eugene : No, that's not it. It started a few months ago.
Eugene : I was doing some woodworking in my garage. I was trying to make a chair.
Eugene : Was it the chair?
Eugene : Anyway, all of a sudden, from nowhere,
Eugene : this strange noise comes bursting out of my mouth.
Eugene : Tough to fake that.
House : Nice pants.
Eugene : My wife Mona thinks I'm busting her chops. It's ruining my marriage.
Eugene : Where are we going?
Taub : So your left hand would rather play air guitar than give me a hard time?
UNK: Lt'd rather play air guitar than tie shoes, eat dinner...
UNK: Your right hand's playing, too.
UNK: I don't want to discourage it.
Thirteen : Splinter hemorrhages under his fingernails.
Scott : What's that...
Taub : BP and O2 sat are dropping.
UNK: We need a bag of B-negative in here!
Taub : So much for sarcoidosis.
Foreman : Points to a clotting issue. Clots would explain all his symptoms.
Foreman : Why aren't we in the office?
House : I'm tired of clinic duty.
House : There's only one thing that could cause squawking, right?
UNK: Yeah.
Thirteen : We gave him heparin and did an echo of his heart
Thirteen : to see if it was throwing clots, but...
House : More air guitar?
Taub : The heart's fine.
Taub : We wanted to test for Factor V Leiden, Protein C, Protein S,
Taub : but the hand got tired of cooperating. We finally knocked him out.
UNK: And all those tests came up negative anyway,
House : or you'd have opened by telling me your brilliant diagnosis.
Thirteen : He apologized for being sweaty,
Thirteen : said it had always been an issue. But what if it's a symptom?
UNK: There are cancers that cause night sweats and can lead to clots. Lymphoma.
House : Or pancreatic cancer.
House : Go scan his pancreas.
House : And try Led Zeppelin.
UNK: Man A : We've always remembered what this hospital did for Leo when his appendix burst.
Cuddy : Still, a check this size...