UNK: A "glitch"?
Cameron : This is Dr. Taub. Tell him about shopping.
Scott : I go into a grocery store, everything seems normal.
Scott : I get to the checkout, and there's all these extra items in my cart.
Scott : Stuff I didn't put there. Stuff I hate.
Scott : My left hand hates me.
Taub : Yeah. I think House'll be interested.
House : Just warning you. I'm in a good mood
UNK: and largely pain-free, so I've got no idea how things are...
Taub : Alien hand syndrome.
House : Set off by a stroke, or is there a pony in the backyard?
Taub : Split brain. Right hemisphere controls the left, and...
UNK: It's making life miserable. Non-logical thinkers often do.
UNK: The current issue isn't the split brain. The surgery corrected...
Foreman : You're dissing the right hemisphere?
House : Most people who have this operation don't even notice they're missing anything.
UNK: The left brain has language, arithmetic, rationality,
UNK: and right brain is a mute loser.
UNK: The right brain is more aesthetically oriented, has greater facial recognition.
Taub : I couldn't have been a plastic surgeon without it.
House : Yes, and where would junior high be
House : without our ability to judge people on aesthetics?
Foreman : Right brain's also more aware of the present moment,
Foreman : our place in the universe.
House : It's a universal daisy chain of peace and love that throws buns at people.
Thirteen : His present symptoms could mean autoimmune disease,
UNK: a nasolacrimal tumor, an infection or just a cold.
House : Good morning, sunshine. We got a brand new toy, you want to play?
Cuddy : We need to talk.
House : Great. I love euphemisms.
UNK: By "euphemism," I mean when you say something but mean something else.
House : Begin eliminating. Search the home.
UNK: Isn't that locking the barn door after the horse has put his face
House : between your breasts for an hour and a half?
Cuddy : I'm your boss. You're an employee.
House : I'm not normally into role-playing, but if you want to...
Cuddy : People who get close to you get hurt. That's a fact.
Cuddy : You're also a valued doctor in this hospital. That's another fact.
Cuddy : From now on, we're going to focus on the second fact.
House : So, this isn't you freaking out over last night?
Cuddy : This isn't an emotional decision. I'm just giving you the rules.
Cuddy : You can either accept them or leave.
House : I slept with Cuddy.
House : After she helped me detox from Vicodin.
House : I've been clean for almost 24 hours now.
UNK: Okay. Thought I'd mention it.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Wow.
Wilson : One for each.
UNK: That's what she said. Ah!
Wilson : How's the pain?
House : She's probably got some bruising.
Wilson : Yeah, I get it, you're a stud. This is serious, House.
House : I feel better than I did four hours ago.
House : Four hours from now, I'll feel better than this.
UNK: The other "wow." You were sober? She was sober?
House : Clean and sober and hot.
Wilson : Wow. This is fantastic. How are you gonna screw it up?
House : Several good options.
House : Unfortunately, I don't think she's gonna give me the pleasure.
House : She left before I woke up
House : and five minutes ago, she told me that I'm just an employee.
UNK: Ha. Yes.
Wilson : Well, either she's actually in love with you and scared,
Wilson : or she realized last night was a gigantic mistake.
Wilson : You were needy and vulnerable, she was maternal.
House : You think she jumped me out of pity?
Wilson : No, I'm saying whatever is going on, you need to talk to her.
UNK: Absolutely.
Thirteen : Does our patient freak you out a little?
UNK: No.
Thirteen : If he's two people, then we're all two people and we just don't know it.
UNK: And what does that say about identity?
Taub : It says we're making it up as we go along, which I find freeing.
Taub : Wow, I haven't been in a bathroom this size since my dorm in med school.