House : So what damages a healthy 20-year-old heart enough to make it send out clots
House : like it's bombing Dresden?
UNK: Rhabdo.
UNK: Would've fried his kidneys, too.
Taub : What about Graves'?
Foreman : Thyroid function tests were normal.
Thirteen : Cushing's. Cortisol overproduction could interfere with heart rhythm.
House : Run a dexamethasone suppression test.
UNK: Annie.
Annie : You hit me.
Scott : I know. I'm so sorry. But it wasn't me.
Annie : I know you would never have done that if you were in control of yourself, but...
Scott : But you came back.
Annie : To talk with your doctors.
Annie : I've been going over and over what happened.
Annie : And I had this thought, out of nowhere.
Annie : Ever since I've known Scott, I've seen his left hand throw things,
Annie : but always sort of playfully, thinking it's fun.
Annie : But when he threw this, it was angry.
Annie : And that's when his hand slapped me, too, when I brought it to him.
Annie : Could it mean something?
Taub : Deodorant shouldn't...
Taub : How often do you use it?
Scott : A few times a day. It's special, heavy-duty stuff.
Annie : I have to send away for it.
Thirteen : Sprayed around a bathroom the size of a shoebox.
Taub : I'll check the ingredients from the manufacturer.
Thirteen : I'll check for any references associated with health issues.
Taub : Somebody's grateful.
Thirteen : We'll just leave the three of you alone.
House : Why is there no lipstick on this cup?
House : Cuddy was wearing lipstick when she drank from it.
House : It was on my face. Why isn't it on the cup?
Wilson : Why is it always reasonable, in Houseland, to take an emotional problem
Wilson : and sidestep it by turning it into a mechanical problem?
House : Because, in Houseland, and the rest of the universe, by the way,
House : when a question presents itself, it calls for an answer.
Wilson : If the left brain is the interpreter of reality
Wilson : and the one that tells us the story of who we are, then what is your story?
UNK: Do you want to be the man with the answers?
UNK: Or do you want to be the man with Cuddy?
House : What do I do?
Wilson : You make her angry.
UNK: Do you really think that was the best time to mock me?
Wilson : I'm as surprised as you, but I think I'm serious.
Wilson : Communication can't start unless you're both...
House : I've been trying to make her angry for...
Wilson : No, you haven't.
Wilson : Come on. Poo? Strippers? It's routine stuff. You've been pulling your punches.
Wilson : You're scared.
Thirteen : You should be.
Wilson : Now go terrorize her.
Chase : You don't want to destroy it, do you?
Cameron : I said I was gonna do it, I'll do it.
Chase : But you don't want to.
Cameron : I want to be with you. Maybe I'm not comfortable with it, but...
Chase : Let's say it's our fifth anniversary. Are you ready to destroy it now?
Chase : Tenth. Three kids.
Chase : They spend their summers in Melbourne and have annoying accents.
Chase : It's disgusting how happy we are. You ready now?
Chase : You don't have doubts.
UNK: You just don't want to kill the only thing left of someone you loved.
Chase : Don't do it.
Cameron : I do have trouble giving things up.
UNK: For example, I never cancelled any of our wedding plans.