House : Don't talk to her.
Wilson : I have no plans to talk to her.
House : Manipulation is in your genetic code.
Annie : You think I'm making a mistake, you move in to correct.
Wilson : You are making a mistake.
House : She lied to me.
House : Either last night or today. I need to find out which and why.
Wilson : And clearly, thermal imaging is the way.
Wilson : This isn't a case. You're not looking for a diagnosis.
Wilson : If this matters at all to you, please, for once in your life, be an adult.
UNK: Okay.
Scott : Book, giraffe, willow, fortunate.
Scott : I didn't see a word.
Scott : Look, I didn't see...
UNK: Candle.
Taub : This is so cool.
Thirteen : Yeah, that's not freaky at all.
Foreman : No communication.
House : So far.
Scott : I'm a little chilly. I thought I'd get a sweater or something from my room.
Scott : Is that okay?
House : And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the left hemisphere.
House : The side that's obsessed with finding answers,
House : the one that needs things to make sense, the interpreter.
House : That's where we tell the story of who we are and why we do things.
Taub : That's also the side that was wrong.
UNK: The right brain's advantage is that it isn't logical,
UNK: it doesn't choose which details to look at.
UNK: It makes connections you could never see. You owe your insight to the "mute loser."
House : I'll send it tickets to a Phillies game.
UNK: Confabulation means no communication. Means your theory's wrong.
House : But he is cold.
House : Why are you scratching?
Scott : It itches.
House : Ammonia breath.
House : Your liver is failing.
Wilson : I know for them to approve this price, they'll need statistical documentation...
Wilson : What? Why are you looking at me?
Cuddy : When you first walked in, I was under the impression
Cuddy : you wanted to say something else.
UNK: Nope. About House and me.
Wilson : There's nothing to talk about.
House : I want permission to do a liver biopsy.
House : We're looking for sarcoidosis.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: What do you mean, "Fine"?
House : What do you mean, what do I mean?
House : Do you mean that because a liver biopsy is not a test
Cuddy : that by any stretch of the imagination could be considered risky,
Cuddy : so asking my permission is essentially wasting my time,
Cuddy : and you're wondering what my reaction to that will be?
UNK: Yes.
Cuddy : Are you trying to make me angry?
UNK: Yes.
Cuddy : Do your biopsy. And also, do your clinic hours.
House : I'm blowing off my clinic hours.
UNK: Really?
Cuddy : Let's see how that goes.
Cuddy : Still not angry. Try again later.