Taub : Is that fungus?
Thirteen : It's from the steam buildup.
Taub : What do you think of this "glitch" with Chase and Cameron's wedding?
Thirteen : It's always a sad thing when sperm comes between people.
Taub : I hear the sperm is very good today.
Taub : I mean, the salmon.
Chase : Go away. No other tables.
Chase : You'd let your wife keep another man's offspring on ice
Chase : next to the frozen peas, just in case?
Chase : That's what this is about.
Chase : She's not ready to commit to me. She's planning for failure.
Taub : Did you know that male fruit flies have toxic chemicals in their seminal fluid
Taub : that inhibit the sperm of other males?
House : Wilson says we need to talk.
Cuddy : We talked. I agree.
UNK: This has clearly gone past the talking stage.
UNK: What?
UNK: Hey. Great, did you find my MP3?
Annie : Not yet. But I got your shaving stuff, toothpaste, deodorant,
Annie : some magazines, and this cactus from your window.
Scott : You didn't have to do that. Really, the hospital supplies all that stuff.
Annie : I'm still trying too hard, huh? Trying to get your other half to like me.
Scott : No, no, no. Don't say that, okay? I like you, which means that...
Scott : We shouldn't read into that.
Thirteen : Anti-fungal meds.
Thirteen : Ordinarily we'd put them in your IV,
Thirteen : but since your right brain doesn't seem too fond of IVs...
Thirteen : You should be feeling better in a few days.
Annie : I have to get back to work.
Annie : Rick says your shift will be waiting for you when you get back.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Oh, my God. I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.
Scott : I'm sorry.
Annie : I have to go. I have to get back to work. No, no, no...
Scott : Babe, wait. Hold on. No, no. It wasn't me...
Scott : I can't walk.
Taub : Well, obviously it wasn't the fungus.
Thirteen : And it's not a coordination issue. Dehydration can cause loss of balance.
Thirteen : We haven't had him on IV.
Foreman : No. Good skin turgor, not orthostatic.
House : Could be our tax dollars at work,
House : constantly building new roadways and bridges.
UNK: Meningioma. Slow-growing.
UNK: It could extend along the sub-osteal layer of the cranial cavity,
House : and be hidden by the bone.
Thirteen : The cancer cells are actually re-growing a connection
Thirteen : between the left and right hemispheres.
Foreman : If you're right, the two halves have begun sending messages again,
Foreman : but it's too early in the process for him to pick up on it.
Foreman : But we can test for it.
UNK: Proof.
Wilson : You didn't talk to her, did you?
UNK: If I'd talked, she'd have lied, I'd have lied,
House : and though two negatives make a positive,
House : I thought thermal-imaging photos seemed simpler.
House : Note how many more heated areas appear after less than a minute with me.
Wilson : So it's either love, or possibly rage.