Alexis : I haven't studied, and it counts for 20% of my grade.
Castle : Twenty percent.
UNK: All right, darling. Well, another time.
Martha : I guess I will just have to find my inner self by myself.
Martha : I can do it.
UNK: Best dad ever.
UNK: And once in a while, if you were here, that would be great.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : - Thank you. - Bye-bye.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : What brings Motorcycle Boy here?
Castle : Dr. Motorcycle Boy.
Beckett : Does he need a reason?
Castle : It just looked personal.
Beckett : It was. Where are we on those hidden cameras?
Montgomery : Just that they were installed by a pro.
Montgomery : Techs are running the serial numbers now to find out where they came from.
Montgomery : A guy with surveillance in his cab, too much money in his pocket,
Montgomery : the whole thing feels hinky.
Ryan : Based on his financials, it looks hinky, too.
UNK: The guy had medical bills up the wazoo.
Ryan : But then there's this. From five days ago.
UNK: A cash deposit for $ 10,000?
Castle : What's a struggling cab driver doing with that kind of cash?
UNK: Yo, I just found something weird.
UNK: I logged into Amir's GPS account to track where he drove the day he died.
UNK: At 4 : 07 pm, Amir picked up a cash fare at 15th and Avenue of the Americas.
Castle : What's weird about that?
Esposito : Well, the passenger rode for 26 minutes,
Esposito : then got dropped off at the same corner where Amir picked him up.
UNK: Now, who would pay 30 bucks to go in a circle?
Beckett : Someone who wanted to talk to Amir.
Montgomery : Check those traffic cameras, see if we can get a look at that passenger.
Esposito : On it, Captain.
UNK: Sir.
Montgomery : We got a match on those cameras hidden in Amir's cab.
UNK: The cameras were ordered a week ago by a Techno-Pro Systems.
Craig : I don't know what you guys are talking about.
Craig : I didn't install any hidden cameras.
Beckett : Your name's on the purchase order.
Castle : As is your signature.
Beckett : You violated the Expectation of Privacy Act.
Beckett : Do you know that I can arrest you for that?
Craig : Yeah. I mean, I mean, no.
Castle : Or you could just tell her
Castle : who hired you to install the surveillance equipment.
Craig : I promised him I'd keep it on the DL.
Castle : - Who hired you? - Amir Alhabi.
Castle : - You put it in for Amir? - Yeah.
Beckett : Why would he have you put cameras in his cab?
Craig : Security reasons. That's all he said.
Esposito : Yo, Cap!
UNK: Got a break on our mystery passenger
UNK: off a traffic cam near where Amir dropped the guy off.
Esposito : Notice anything?
Montgomery : He's carrying.
Esposito : Yeah, he's not police. Suit's way too fancy.
Montgomery : Canvass where this was taken. See if anyone knows who he is.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I keep track of the expenses for the cab.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : There was never any bill for cameras.
UNK: What about the $ 10,000?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : The first time I heard about the money is today.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I can't imagine where it came from.
Beckett : Money, cameras, Washington Heights.
Beckett : Nazihah, your husband was clearly hiding something from you.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what it was?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : No. No, I don't understand this at all.
UNK: Okay. Do you recognize this man?
Beckett : He rode in your husband's cab.
UNK: Yes. Yes. He was here.
Esposito : - When? - Last week.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : He and Amir were talking in the street.
Castle : - Who was he? - I asked Amir.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : He said that the man had mistaken him for someone else.
Beckett : Amir clearly knew the guy. Why would he lie to her?
Castle : How does he end up dead the same day this guy rides in his cab?
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : We just got a hit on our canvass for the mystery passenger.
Beckett : We got a name on that face?
Esposito : Not yet, but he's a big fan of this coffee shop on 14th.
Esposito : He shows up every afternoon for an espresso at 2 : 00.
Beckett : Sir. In the cream suit. Stop!
Beckett : NYPD. Turn around.
Beckett : It's a 9mm. Just like our murder weapon.
Beckett : You have a concealed weapons permit?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Inside left pocket of my jacket. Along with my credentials.
UNK: "Fariq Yusef. Syrian Consulate."
UNK: Fariq Yusef : At your service.
Beckett : Put your hands down.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Thank you.
Beckett : Two days ago, you were driving in a cab with Amir Alhabi.
Beckett : He's been murdered.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I am saddened to hear that.
Beckett : You were in that cab for half an hour.
UNK: What's the nature your relationship?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I have diplomatic immunity.
UNK: - You have no standing to question... - Who killed him? Was it you?
UNK: ...or detain me. - Answer my question.
Beckett : Did you kill him?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I'd like my pistol, please.
Beckett : You can collect it at the 12th Precinct.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : So I shall.
Ryan : He's a member of the secret police.
Castle : Well, he's probably broken a few fingers in his day.
Beckett : And Yusef also owned a 9mm gun,
Beckett : which was the same kind of gun that killed Amir.
UNK: Maybe Yusef recruited Amir, drew him into the shadowy world of espionage.
Castle : Once he finished his mission, his fate was sealed.
Castle : Yusef killed him to tie up loose ends,
Castle : and then took the data drive containing the explosive revelations.
UNK: And that would be why, exactly?
Castle : I'm still thinking on that. But it's a perfect fit.
Esposito : Yeah, except that Fariq Yusef isn't the killer.
Castle : Are you sure? Because that would ruin a perfectly good theory.
Esposito : Yeah. The night Amir was killed,
Esposito : Fariq was with the Syrian ambassador at a soccer game at Bennett Field.
Esposito : There are photos online to prove it.
Beckett : Which brings us back to square one.
Beckett : Okay, so Amir and Yusef take a tour of Lower Manhattan.
Beckett : And then later on that same night,
Beckett : he calls his wife, tells her that he's still working,
Beckett : and instead went up to Washington Heights.
UNK: Then he ends up dead at the warehouse
Esposito : with the data drive ripped out.
UNK: C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2.
Castle : Amir took his cab down St. Nicholas Ave to the 1600 block.
Castle : He parked mid-block.
UNK: So?
Castle : So I'm just thinking the 1652 part of C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2 is an address.
Castle : What's at St. Nicholas Ave, at 1652?
Ryan : North Manhattan Storage.
Beckett : C-4-1-2 is a storage unit.
Castle : Murder, political intrigue, cash payments.
Castle : And now a mysterious storage locker?
Castle : Oh, this is too good.
UNK: Wait. How are we going to get it open?
Beckett : Well, if all else fails...
Castle : For reasons too disturbing to mention, I find that hot.
Beckett : Or, I grabbed Amir's keys from Property.
Beckett : So, hopefully, this is his locker.
Castle : Which it is. What do you think is in there?
Craig : I don't know. May be empty, like Al Capone's vault.
Castle : No, think of all the amazing things
Castle : that are found in storage units at times like this.
UNK: "Ark of the Covenant, Dr. Jones?"
UNK: Well, the Ark of the Covenant was in a crate.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Plastic explosives.
UNK: - Castle. Get out! Get out! Go! - What? Why?
UNK: Leman Jones : I don't...
Beckett : Castle, back away from the door. Just get away!
UNK: What is going on? What is that thing, Kate?
UNK: This is Detective Kate Beckett, badge number 0-3-3-4.
UNK: I've been exposed to high levels of radiation.
UNK: We need Emergency Services right away.
UNK: Can't just... Kate!
Castle : Just at least tell me how serious it is!
Ryan : - How badly did they get hit? - We don't know.
Montgomery : But the best way for us to help them is to keep working on this case.
Montgomery : Now our murder victim had a key to this storage unit.
Montgomery : So he was into a lot more than driving a taxi.
Montgomery : Dig deep into Amir Alhabi. Let's get his wife and his cousin in here.
Montgomery : Meanwhile, I'll call the Syrian Consulate
Montgomery : and find out why Amir had contact with the head of security.