UNK: Leman Jones : What do you mean?
Beckett : I was bluffing.
Beckett : - Bluffing? - Yes.
UNK: No!
Castle : Yeah, she's allowed to do that. I'm surprised you don't know that.
UNK: Leman Jones : No, I mean, there was a guy there. I saw him.
Beckett : What guy? Describe him.
UNK: Leman Jones : I didn't get a clear look. He ran off when I pulled up.
UNK: Leman Jones : But he was there.
UNK: Leman Jones : He was there looking for something in the car.
Castle : What makes you say that?
UNK: Leman Jones : Because he did a number on the interior. He tore up the upholstery.
Esposito : Think he's telling the truth?
Castle : That guy does not have the improv skills to make up a lie like that.
Beckett : Have CSU check the car for signs that someone else tampered with it.
Esposito : You got it.
Beckett : Sorry, you guys, I gotta get this.
Beckett : Not now, Ryan.
Castle : What's going on with her?
Esposito : You know Beckett. She plays it close to the vest.
Ryan : So I spoke to one of the drivers who rents a shift with Amir's cab.
UNK: Jamal Alhabi : Kevin McCann?
UNK: No, the other one, Dimitri Voldov.
Ryan : He alibi-ed out, but he had lots to say about McCann.
Ryan : Him and Amir got in a major fight two days ago.
Castle : About what?
UNK: Dimitri didn't know.
Ryan : But Amir told him he was going to fire McCann.
UNK: And where is McCann now?
Ryan : Renting a shift at Allied Taxi.
UNK: So I'll tell Beckett that.
Ryan : - Could you? That'd be best. - Yeah.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Amir and I had words. No law against that, right?
UNK: Where were you last night at 11 : 15?
UNK: Kevin Mccann : In this cab. Driving a drunk bond trader to the Upper West. Why?
Beckett : Well, because that's when he was murdered.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : You're kidding me.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Look, I didn't lay a hand on that guy.
Castle : Why did you and he fight two days ago?
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Because he was raping me on rent.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Look, the guy could afford it.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : He was flashing a roll that could choke a horse.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Five grand, easy.
Beckett : Wait, was he known for carrying around that much money?
UNK: Kevin Mccann : First I saw of it.
UNK: Kevin Mccann : Look, are we done here? Because my meter's running.
Castle : If Amir was struggling to pay medical bills,
Castle : what was he doing with that much cash?
Beckett : It's Esposito. He needs us back at the crime scene, ASAP.
UNK: Remember Leeman Jones said that some other dude messed with the cab?
Esposito : Well, CSU just figured out why.
Beckett : The car had cameras.
Esposito : Pinhole cameras. Microphones, too.
Castle : Great. All we have to do is rewind to last night,
Castle : see who was after him. Case closed.
Esposito : We can't.
Esposito : They ripped out the hard drives with all the video data.
UNK: What the hell is going on here?
UNK: The strange thing is, Amir's wife, his cousin, other drivers,
Castle : none of them knew that he installed those cameras.
Alexis : Maybe Amir was doing a reality show.
Castle : See, I thought that, too. But it turns out, no.
Castle : And they weren't installed by law enforcement, either.
Alexis : You think someone was spying on him?
Castle : Or his passengers.
Castle : Or both.