Beckett : What's with the stripped cab?
Esposito : Security guard wondered the same thing.
Esposito : That's when he came across the body.
Beckett : Who's our victim?
Esposito : Amir Alhabi. Taxi driver.
UNK: All right, contact Auto Theft.
Beckett : Have them on the lookout for these stolen car parts.
Esposito : Already done.
Beckett : Was there money on the body?
Esposito : Not on the body, not in the cab.
Esposito : Everything points to him being popped for cash and car parts.
Lanie : Not everything, baby.
UNK: Did you just call him "baby?"
Lanie : Ooh. Did I?
Beckett : Anyway, you found something unusual?
UNK: Not at first.
UNK: Time of death fits a robbery. He was killed at 11 : 15.
Castle : So specific. I'm impressed.
Lanie : His watch broke when he fell.
UNK: You shouldn't have told me. Less impressed.
Lanie : Cause of death fits, too. Looks like a 9mm to the noggin.
Lanie : But there's something that doesn't fit.
Lanie : His fingers were broken one at a time.
Castle : Cabbies sometimes hide their money.
Castle : Maybe they tortured him to tell them where the money was.
UNK: All right, let's find out where he was driving
Beckett : and who he picked up before he wound up here.
Esposito : Amir Alhabi. It's a real immigrant success story.
Ryan : Came over from Syria seven years ago, became a citizen last June.
Ryan : According to the Taxi and Limo Commission,
Ryan : he owned his cab and medallion with a cousin, Jamal.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Well, TLC would know where Amir was, right? They track cabs?
UNK: Only when the meter is running. Amir shut his off at 10 : 02pm.
Castle : So there's no way to tell where he went before he died?
Ryan : Actually, there is. Amir subscribed to a GPS tracking service.
UNK: It helps cabbies map the best routes to troll for fares, stuff like that.
UNK: Anyway, after Amir shut off his meter he drove up to Washington Heights.
UNK: He parked on the 1600 block of St. Nicholas Avenue for six minutes,
UNK: motor running, and then he drove to the warehouse.
Beckett : Okay, Washington Heights is a shady place that time of night.
Beckett : And if he turned off his meter, he wasn't looking for a fare.
Castle : Maybe he was carjacked and forced to drive to that warehouse.
UNK: All right, have unis canvass the area.
Beckett : See if anyone remembers seeing him. What about his last phone call?
UNK: 10 : 01. To his wife, Nazihah Alhabi.
Beckett : Okay. Let's go.
Ryan : Actually, there was one more thing on the phone.
Ryan : Amir opened a notebook application and he wrote down this.
UNK: "C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2."
Castle : And it was written down just about an hour before he died.
Ryan : And it's not a license tag.
UNK: All right, see if you can figure it out.
Castle : I got it.
Castle : Seven digits. It's a phone number.
UNK: "C" is the initial of the person to whom it belongs.
Ryan : I already tried that.
Castle : - With all the New York area codes? - Yeah.
Castle : Intriguing. Maybe...
UNK: Castle. - Coming.
Beckett : Mrs. Alhabi, we understand that Amir called you at 10 : 00.
Beckett : What did the two of you talk about?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : Just that he'd be late.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : The plays were getting out on Broadway and he wanted to pick up more fares.
Beckett : Actually, he didn't do that.
Beckett : He turned his meter off and he went up to Washington Heights.
Beckett : That part of town is known for drug-dealing and prostitution...
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : No. He would never do such things.
UNK: Jamal, thank you.
UNK: There was an annotation on Amir's phone.
Castle : Do you have any idea what this is?
UNK: "C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2."
UNK: No. I thought this was a robbery. That he was robbed.
Beckett : It was. It's just, any minor detail might be relevant.
Beckett : How did he seem lately?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : Worried. About money.
UNK: Malika, our daughter, she needed surgery.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : It's been very hard.