Ross : Man, I sure miss Julie.
Chandler : Spanish midgets.
Chandler : Spanish midgets wrestling...
UNK: Julie! Okay, I see how you got there.
Ross : You ever figure out what that thing's for?
UNK: I'm trying this screening thing.
UNK: If I always answer the phone, people will think I have no life.
Chandler : My God! Rodrigo never gets pinned!
UNK: At the sound of the beep, you know what to do.
UNK: Woman's Voice : Hello. I'm looking for Bob.
UNK: This is Jade.
UNK: I don't know if you 're still at this number, but I was thinking...
UNK: ...about how great it was. I know it's been three years...
UNK: ...but I was hoping we could hook up again.
UNK: I barely had the nerve to make this call...
UNK: Woman's Voice : ...so you know what I did? - What?
Jade : I got a little drunk...
Jade : ...and naked.
Chandler : Bob here!
UNK: The One With Five Steaks and An Eggplant
UNK: So what have you been up to?
Jade : Oh, you know, the usual.
Jade : Teaching aerobics...
Jade : ...partying way too much.
UNK: And in case you wondered...
Jade : ...those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Chandler : Can you hold on? I have another call.
Chandler : - I love her! - I know.
Chandler : - I'm back. - So are we gonna get together?
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: How about tomorrow afternoon?
Chandler : Do you know Central Perk? Say, five-ish?
Jade : Great. I'll see you then.
Chandler : Having a phone has finally paid off.
UNK: You do a good Bob impression...
UNK: ...but when she sees you tomorrow...
UNK: ...she's gonna realize you're not Bob.
Chandler : I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up...
UNK: ...she'll seek comfort in the arms of the stranger at the next table.
Ross : Oh, my God. You are pure evil.
UNK: Okay, pure evil...
Chandler : ...horny and alone.
Chandler : I've done this.
Ross : Yeah, everybody's here.
Ross : Hey, everybody! Say hi to Julie in New Mexico!
All : Hi, Julie.
Chandler : While Ross is on the phone...
Chandler : ...everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Phoebe : Is there any chance that you're rounding up from...
Chandler : ...you know...
Phoebe : ...from like 20?
UNK: Hey, we got the gift, the concert and the cake.
Joey : Do we need a cake?
Chandler : I know it's a little steep.
Chandler : But it's Ross.
Chandler : It's Ross.
UNK: See you later. I gotta go...
Chandler : ...do a thing!
UNK: Okay, sweetheart, I'll call you later.
UNK: You're not going through with this, are you?
Chandler : You know, I think I might just.
Rachel : What are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
UNK: Well, I gotta start saving up for Ross' birthday.
Joey : I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Phoebe : Can you believe how much this costs?
Rachel : Do you guys ever get the feeling that...
Rachel : ...Chandler and those guys...
Rachel : ...don't get that we don't make that much money?
UNK: They always say let's go here, let's go there.
Joey : Like we can afford to go here and there.
UNK: Yes, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice.
UNK: And we can't say anything about it, because this is a birthday thing...
UNK: ...and it's "for Ross."
Joey : For Ross.
Ross : Oh, my God!
Monica : I'm at work...
UNK: ...just an ordinary day, chop, chop, saute, saute.
UNK: Suddenly, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office.
UNK: They fired the lunch chef, and guess who got the job?
Joey : If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Monica : Fortunately, it is me.
Monica : And they made me head of purchasing, thank you!
UNK: That's so cool!
UNK: Anyway, I think we should go out and celebrate.
UNK: You know, someplace nice.
Phoebe : Someplace nice.
UNK: How much you think I can get for my kidney?
Ross : You can't do this.
UNK: I can't get a girl like that with conventional methods.
UNK: It doesn't matter.
UNK: She wanted to call Bob. Bob could be who she was meant to be with.
Ross : You may be destroying their chance for happiness.
Chandler : We don't know Bob.
Chandler : We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Ross : Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Chandler : All right.
UNK: Go.
Chandler : Listen, I have to...
Chandler : I have to confess something.
UNK: Yes?