UNK: So everyone's calling me Racquel.
Rachel : By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky.
UNK: Well, I still think you're very, very nice and very pretty.
UNK: What?
Chandler : All yours, babe.
Monica : Have a seat.
UNK: Listen, Chandler and I...
Monica : are going to live together.
UNK: Here.
Joey : Oh, my God.
UNK: That's so great!
UNK: I'm so happy for you guys!
UNK: Really?
Rachel : And that was so sweet of you to ask.
Rachel : The three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Monica : Yes, we are.
UNK: Chandler, you'll have to watch those long showers you take...
Rachel : because you know Racquel can't be late.
UNK: He'll work on that.
Rachel : This is so exciting!
UNK: Come and knock on our door
UNK: We'll be waiting for you
UNK: See? Once you know the stories, it's not that bad.
UNK: First marriage : Wife's hidden sexuality. Not my fault.
UNK: Second marriage : Said the wrong name at the altar.
Ross : A little my fault.
UNK: Third marriage : They shouldn't let you get married...
UNK: when you're drunk and have writing on your face.
UNK: Nevada's fault.
Phoebe : So what do you think, ladies? Who wouldn't want to date him?
UNK: The divorces don't bother me. I'd date him.
UNK: But not while he's still married.
UNK: And you, wouldn't you want to date?
UNK: I'm not dating at all anymore.
Karin : I was only dating guys that were bad for me.
UNK: So I decided that..
UNK: Good. Good. Whatever.
UNK: And you, Meg?
UNK: Well, I don't care about the divorces, either.
UNK: But I wouldn't date him.
UNK: Normally, he doesn't sweat this much.
UNK: It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
UNK: What?
UNK: She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
Ross : This is crazy. I mean, yes, Rachel is my good friend.
UNK: And I have loved her in the past...
Ross : but now, she is just my wife.
UNK: Phoebe, will you help me out here?
Phoebe : Well, I thought you loved her when you married her.
UNK: We were drunk! I would've married Joey with that amount of alcohol.
Phoebe : You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!
UNK: I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong.
UNK: I just don't want to be divorced three times.
UNK: Now he's using this three-divorces reason...
Phoebe : because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her.
UNK: I must say, well done. Bravo, Meg.
UNK: Fine. If this is what you think, forget about...
UNK: the whole three-divorce thing.
UNK: I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled.
Ross : She means nothing to me.
UNK: Nothing!
UNK: Okay, now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Karin : I am so attracted to him right now.
UNK: When will we tell Rachel what actually will happen?