UNK: I'm analyzing an X-ray and your friend Meredith starts asking me about her dog.
UNK: Her dog. She wants a medical opinion about her dog.
George : She likes her dog.
Callie : - Why are you defending Meredith? - What?
Callie : I get Izzie. I mean, I don't. But if you want to defend Izzie, that's fine.
Callie : I don't get how you can defend Meredith.
George : Hey! We're interns.
George : We all started out together, Meredith, Izzie, Cristina and me.
Callie : George, that woman hurt you as badly as anyone can be hurt.
Callie : You were devastated when I met you.
Izzie : Hey.
George : They're family.
George : Izzie and Meredith and Cristina, they're... they're my family.
George : I can hate Meredith and I can be angry at her but I'll always defend her.
Callie : So you don't have to forgive Meredith, but I do?
George : If you want a chance to be part of the family, yeah.
Izzie : Dr. Burke. Hello.
UNK: Stevens. Where the hell have you been? Have you got the lab results?
UNK: Um... I'm working on that.
Burke : Stevens, I need answers.
UNK: - Stevens? - You should get back here.
UNK: With the heart. As soon as you can.
Burke : What the hell... What are you talking about?
Erica : Preston.
Burke : Izzie, what did you do?
UNK: When I get confirmatory tests and labs to raise Denny's UNOS status,
UNK: I will fax them to you. Then you should waste no time getting back here.
Izzie : Because I don't know enough to know how long Denny will have once I start.
Burke : Start?
UNK: What did you do, Izzie?
UNK: - What did you do? - I'm going to hang up now. Just hurry.
Burke : According to my intern, Denny Duquette is in pulmonary edema.
Burke : He has been intubated and placed on multiple IV drips.
Doctor : So, Preston gets the heart. Great, let's open this guy.
Burke : However, given this unusual situation and out of respect to Dr. Hahn,
Burke : - I'd like to confirm those results. - You just did.
Burke : In person. I want to confirm them in person.
Erica : Are you kidding? By the time you get there, it'll be another hour.
Erica : What are you up to, Burke? Why don't you just talk to your chief?
Erica : Confirm the results with him.
Alex : Well, because of the shootings today... at the restaurant.
UNK: - All our attendings are in surgery. - Exactly.
UNK: If you'd prefer, I could call UNOS and have them give me the heart.
UNK: Or I could go and make sure that it really belongs to me.
Derek : Go.
Izzie : Thank you.
Burke : I'm going back to Seattle Grace. You stay here and protect my heart.
Burke : If that woman so much as looks at a scalpel, tackle her. Do you understand?
Alex : Yes, sir.
Derek : - Hey, you got a minute? - You ready to talk?
Derek : Uh, my patient, Kendra Thomas. She's brain dead.
Derek : Her parents want to keep her alive to have the baby.
Addison : You want me to talk to the parents?
UNK: I tried, but you're neonatal, you might have a better shot at it than I do.
Cristina : - OK. - You can give them a more detailed...
Addison : I said I'd do it.
Addison : Mr. And Mrs. Thomas.
Addison : Dr. Shepherd asked me to talk to you about your daughter.
UNK: Mr. Thomas : We've made up our mind. She's having the baby.
Addison : I know Kendra meant the world to you
Addison : and I know the terrible grief you must be going through,
Addison : but from a medical standpoint, this is a very bad idea.
UNK: Well, if we wanted your opinion, miss, we'd ask for it.
UNK: It's just... we love our daughter. Please try to understand.
Addison : I do understand. I do.
Addison : You think if you love her enough or love her baby enough
UNK: that will keep her close to you.
Addison : But she's already gone and if you go with this, you're risking...
Addison : I mean, if Kendra were to contract an infection,
Addison : she could pass it on and it could cause brain damage...
UNK: Mr. Thomas : We're taking our chances.
UNK: Now they keep organ donors alive after they're... gone.
UNK: Mrs. Thomas : Why not Kendra?
Addison : Organ donors aren't kept alive for six months. Your daughter is brain dead.
Addison : She can't regulate body temperature, hormone output.
Addison : These things are very important for a fetus.
UNK: - You can regulate that stuff, right? - We could try. I...
UNK: Mr. Thomas : Then try, damn it! What the hell's the problem here?
UNK: The problem is you want to use your daughter's corpse as an incubator.
UNK: - That's the problem! - OK, I'm sorry. Would you excuse us?