Cristina : - What? - They just lost their daughter.
UNK: I know. They need to face that. She's not coming back.
Derek : A little sensitivity would be nice here, OK?
Derek : They love their daughter. They don't want to let go.
Addison : What they're doing is not about love. It's... It's... Well, it's like you.
Izzie : - Excuse me? - Like how you pretend to love me,
UNK: but you're just using me to fill your need to be a good guy.
Derek : Now is not the time to talk about this.
Addison : - You walk away? That's all I get? - Just calm down.
Addison : You're not going to yell at me? Call me names?
Addison : Or I don't know... ignore me in an elevator?
Derek : - What do you want from me, Addison? - I want you to care!
Addison : I sleep with your best friend and you walk away.
Addison : He comes out here from New York and rubs it in your face,
Addison : and still you get a good night's sleep. What do I have to do? Oh! I know.
Addison : Maybe what I should do is go out on a date with the vet.
Addison : Because that seems to send you into a blind rage.
Addison : Oh, but wait. That won't work either because I'm not Meredith Grey!
UNK: I know it's a bad time, but do you still want to go ahead with the baby?
UNK: Mr. Thomas : We haven't decided on anything.
George : Sir? You asked me before if I had a daughter.
George : I don't. But I have a family. I... actually have a couple families.
George : The thing about families, you don't necessarily like what they do.
George : Their choices and their decisions. But you stick by them.
UNK: Right now one of my friends, her boyfriend is dying.
UNK: Heart failure. He's 36. Kendra's driver's license says she's a donor.
George : She's not a match, but she could save a dozen other lives.
George : And from what I know about Kendra, what I've heard,
UNK: I got to believe that if she had the choice between where she is right now
George : and saving a dozen other people, she'd save those people.
George : That would be her decision.
George : So the question is... whether you stick by her one last time.
Izzie : Excuse me.
Meredith : You paged?
UNK: Yeah. These are X-rays of a human with an osteosarcoma on his tibia.
Callie : It's the closest I could get to mirroring what's happening to your dog.
Callie : In this patient, the cancer was aggressive.
Callie : And it spread quickly and he died when it finally metastasized on his lungs.
Meredith : - The human died? - Yes. The human died.
Meredith : Thank you, Callie.
Callie : You're welcome, Meredith.
Deborah : - You OK, baby? - Yeah.
Cristina : Well. You made up with him?
UNK: - I said I'd give him one more chance. - And I said she won't have to.
Neal : What I went through today, what we went through today, it's changed me.
Neal : This bullet will always remind me to do the right thing by my Deborah.
Cristina : Here you go.
Deborah : And whatever's going on with you and your boyfriend?
Deborah : Maybe you should just try and forgive him.
Deborah : It really feels so much better than all that anger.
Addison : Thanks.
Bailey : We haven't forgotten you, Will.
Bailey : We'll get you to the OR as soon as possible.
Will : My friend, Kendra...
Will : Dr. Grey said that if anybody had any information
UNK: that they would let me know as soon as possible.
Derek : OK. I'm sorry.
UNK: I'm going to get you some time off, man.
UNK: I'm going to talk to the owner, make sure they keep your job for you.
Brad : It's not your fault you got shot. Not my fault either.
UNK: You know, I... I didn't... I didn't pull the trigger.
Brad : Petey had the gun. I'm just saying.
Brad : People blame management, but we do the best we can.
UNK: I mean, I... I do the best I can.
Addison : I know what you're going to say, but if you knew the day that I had...
Richard : Everybody in this hospital has those days, Addison.
Richard : And no one makes a scene in front of their peers. Get it together.
Meredith : Addison.
Addison : I can't compete.
Addison : He's not having an affair. He's not trying to hurt me. He's just...
Addison : The only people who don't know Derek loves Meredith are Derek and Meredith.
Addison : How do I compete with that?
UNK: So what makes anger different from the six other deadly sins?