Colleen : You're a pathetic loser jerk,
Colleen : and I wouldn't kiss you if I had brain cancer and your lips were the cure.
UNK: Whoa.
House : She actually said that?
Zack : Well, yeah, that was, like, two days ago...
House : It doesn't matter.
Colleen : I clearly didn't lead him along or anything like that,
Colleen : which proves I'm not a tease, so...
Colleen : Why is your girlfriend mad at you?
House : I'm getting a kind of bossy vibe. I take it you're into that.
Colleen : Don't answer.
House : Your turn.
Masters : What seems to be the problem, sir?
Phillip : I'm having more difficulty breathing, and some pain in my chest.
Chase : You're new, aren't you?
Nurse : Yeah. I just moved from Chicago.
Taub : Chicago's awesome. What part are you from?
Masters : We need to get a chest CT.
UNK: Ms. Washburn : Excuse me, I'm the senior team member,
Foreman : which means we don't need anything unless I say we need it.
Taub : Do you want to have an affair?
Chase : You want to have a threesome?
Masters : You can't talk to her like that. I'm telling Cuddy.
Foreman : We need a chest CT.
UNK: Taub And Chase : Get it yourself. Get it yourself.
Sophie : Isn't that like sexual harassment?
House : Not if you're good-Iooking.
UNK: Ms. Washburn : Excuse me?
Gabe : You said the one guy was short with a big nose.
UNK: I guess it's not the only thing that's big.
Alex : What does that mean?
Gabe : It means he's lying. Again.
House : 'Cause you can't handle the truth!
Timmy : That's so easy.
Corwin : Okay, I give up. I think we should move on to our next guest.
Corwin : Mr. Dryden
Corwin : works for one of the largest
Corwin : advertising agencies in New York City.
UNK: Boring.
Sophie : Can we at least hear what happened to the patient?
Kids : Yeah, please.
Corwin : If Dr. Hourani promises to...
House : Patient's dead.
UNK: The floor's yours, Don.
UNK: Dave.
Timmy : He's not dead. You said earlier he was still in the hospital.
Sophie : What's wrong with him? He's got a cough.
Gabe : You said he coughed up a lung.
Alex : What about the laptop?
Sophie : Who cares about the laptop?
Gabe : Yeah, and he already said he was lying about that, you moron.