Corwin : Gabe, we do not use that word here. He did.
House : Yeah, and I was talking about people like you.
UNK: Ooh.
UNK: Corwin slightly Shocked : Dr. Hourani, please.
Corwin : Could you just finish, quickly, so we can move on?
Nurse : I don't know what's wrong.
Nurse : He was stable for a while and then all of a sudden...
Masters : Bronchial infection must be from a drug resistant strain.
Chase : O2 sats are plummeting.
Taub : We need to get him on a bronchodilator
Taub : before he goes into respiratory arrest.
UNK: Need suction. Sit him up.
UNK: Start blow-by oxygen.
UNK: Masters horrified : What is that?
UNK: I think this is...
Chase : It's his lung.
Gabe : That actually happened?
House : Yes, it really happened.
House : I take cases that other doctors fail to diagnose,
House : which is why I only take one at a time.
House : My current patient is a college student.
House : He's actually in the hospital right now.
House : And, yes, he really did cough up
House : a large portion of dead lung tissue.
Sophie : How's that even possible?
UNK: House like He's Telling The Punch Line To A Bad, Dirty Joke : That's what she said.
UNK: House like He's Telling The Punch Line To A Bad, Dirty Joke : No, she did literally say that.
Sophie : How's that even possible?
Taub : Primary squamous carcinoma could
Taub : cause lung tissue to basically disintegrate.
Foreman : It's not cancer. FOB was normal.
Foreman : It's not infection either.
UNK: Broad spectrum antibiotics haven't had any effect.
House : Who password-protects a computer they keep
House : in a locked desk in a locked office?
Masters : Someone who works with someone who thinks it's okay
Masters : to break into other people's homes.
UNK: An amoebic liver abscess could rupture
Foreman : through the diaphragm into the thorax.
UNK: Not when his liver function tests are all normal.
Masters : His dorm mates are computer science majors.
Masters : If they're fabricating chips they could be working with
Masters : all kinds of different toxic solvents.
House : We need to search the dorm.
UNK: We?
UNK: While we're out, do a thorascopic lung biopsy and c-ANCA
House : because it's sarcoidosis.
Taub : But if you think it's sarcoidosis, why are you...
Gabe : So you really did force his roommate to hack into the laptop?
House : Why would I lie?
Alex : But whose laptop is it?