Sophie : It's your girlfriend's, isn't it?
House : She's not my girlfriend.
House : I'm just interested in her because she's a client
House : and she sleeps above her covers...
House : Four feet above her covers.
Sophie : So that's why she's so mad?
Sophie : You looked through her computer?
House : No, that part happened after she got mad.
House : First she got mad. Then I stole her computer to fix things.
House : And then we got the case.
Corwin : Wait, so you tried to fix your relationship by stealing her computer?
House : Well, when you say it like that...
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Female Lawyer : Looks like you're the moron.
UNK: Ooh.
Taub : Can also get three sets of golf clubs in here.
Timmy : You didn't get her laptop by blowing down the door of her office.
House : Just seeing if you're still paying attention.
House : It was actually more subtle.
Timmy : The Steve McQueen version.
Sophie : Just tell us the truth already.
UNK: Ms. Washburn : Excuse me, but there are others here
Dryden : who would like a chance to speak.
House : Go right ahead.
UNK: No!
UNK: The audience is always right.
Luke : It wasn't me.
Nurse : Ma'am, are you okay? Can you hear me?
UNK: Ooh.
Mother : What's that smell?
UNK: House hillbilly Accent : Smells like a gas leak.
Nurse : Call Dr. Cuddy!
UNK: Female Lawyer : You poisoned a room full of patients
UNK: Female Lawyer : so you could steal your girlfriend's laptop?
House : I didn't poison anybody.
UNK: I spilled some hydrogen sulphide and ammonia on the floor,
House : thinking the stench would clear the place out.
House : But instead of breathing through his nose,
House : some idiot decided to hold his breath.
House : He passes out
House : and before I know it, the place is
House : a perfect storm of mass hysteria.
House : Although it worked out just as well.
UNK: Agreed.
Colleen : No, not the patients, the kids.
Colleen : It doesn't matter how you stole it, what matters is why.
House : You know, you're starting to remind me of someone.
Wilson : I didn't ask how you stole it, I asked why.
House : Isn't it obvious?
Wilson : You think you can tell why she's mad by reading