UNK: Cuddy smiling : Rachel's gonna be up soon.
House : You never know.
Cuddy : Yes, I do.
UNK: Could you take the garbage out before you go?
House : I would, but...
Cuddy : Oh, come on. It's not a lot.
UNK: The pain's always worst first thing in the morning.
UNK: Mommy!
House : What's the big deal?
House : It's not like she had a problem
UNK: with swapping spit the night before.
Colleen : Maybe it's not the swapping spit that bothers her,
Colleen : but the fact that you don't listen to her.
Colleen : Had she warned you not to do it?
House : Oh, I listen to her.
Colleen : But you just said before that you didn't.
House : No, I said I didn't remember what she said...
Colleen : No, you said you don't listen to her.
House : I listen to her.
House : Okay? Believe me, I listen.
Cuddy : It's my toothbrush and it's not just once,
Cuddy : and it's not like I'd even care,
Cuddy : but you totally destroy it.
House : You're supposed to brush with it,
Cuddy : not gnaw on it like a rawhide bone.
UNK: I think Ms. Four-Cavities' time would be better spent
UNK: copying Mr. No-Cavities instead of complaining about him.
House : And given what I'd just been doing,
House : I thought you wouldn't want me going out to dinner
House : without a good brush and a floss.
Cuddy : Would you please just use the toothbrush I bought you?
House : Would you please just shut up and watch the movie?
UNK: I said, please.
Zack : Why would you have to brush your teeth before you go to dinner?
UNK: You don't wanna know. Yet.
Colleen : You're gross and dumb.
Colleen : You listen to what she says
Colleen : just so you can tell her how wrong she is.
House : You are clueless and naive.
House : I have to tell her that she's wrong because no one else will.
House : She's the boss,
House : which means she's surrounded by morons
House : who are either afraid of her,
House : or they want to kiss up to her, or they want to
Colleen : kiss her.
Colleen : But not you.
House : I already kissed her,
House : and I respect her enough not to treat her like
House : some tender blossom who needs to be coddled.
Zack : Makes sense to me.
Colleen : That's what you think you did?
Zack : Yeah, totally.
UNK: You?
Zack : No, I didn't punch her.
UNK: Oh, my God.
Zack : The stick had a wicked heel curve.
House : Did I mention, you're a moron?
UNK: Hey, you just said that it's wrong
Zack : to treat your girlfriend like she's weaker than you.
House : I'm not talking about trying to score,
House : I'm talking about shooting high.
House : Tennis shoes on a wooden floor?
House : She obviously can't butterfly and cover the low corners.
Colleen : Your turn. The laptop.
Hourani : I must be in the midst of a complex partial seizure
Hourani : 'cause I know you are not sitting at my desk.
UNK: Sorry, I ran out of lotion in mine.
UNK: Get the hell out of here. Can't.