Foreman : If we do any more imaging,
Foreman : we're gonna have to add radiation poisoning to the DDX.
House : I meant the sarcoidosis.
Masters : The biopsy and c-ANCA were both negative.
Foreman : We're gonna have to do a pneumonectomy.
UNK: He's not a smoker, coal miner or a potter. It's sarcoidosis.
UNK: If it's a drug resistant bug and we give him steroids...
UNK: He'll die, which from the sound of it, wouldn't be much worse than...
Gabe : You moron.
Zack : But you have to show him your ID and your insurance stuff.
Zack : You can't just give him a fake name.
House : You don't have to do anything.
House : Last time I checked, this was still America.
UNK: 'Course that was 10 years ago.
Colleen : But you're gonna pay him, right?
Colleen : I mean, it was your fault.
House : A yellow light does not mean stop.
House : At the most, 20% my fault.
UNK: Since the insurance companies automatically
House : put 100% of the fault on the rear-ender,
House : my little lie was actually an effort
House : to achieve an outcome closer to the truth.
UNK: And it would've worked, too,
House : if it weren't for those meddling kids.
House : I am Dr. Hourani.
Alex : Then why did you say the other doctor was Hourani?
House : It's a common name.
House : It's like Smith in Lebanon.
Dryden : Let me see your ID.
House : I told you. I left it in my other pants.
Dryden : Really? 'Cause it looks like it's still in this pair.
House : Get your hands off me.
Dryden : Give me your ID. Hey!
UNK: Will you stop... Give me your ID.
Corwin : - Gentlemen, please.
Corwin : - Kids, stay calm. - Give me your ID!
UNK: Stop! Stop this right now! Stay in your seats.
Corwin : Stay calm, you guys. Stay in your seats.
Corwin : Gentlemen, please, this is not the time or place.
UNK: Ms. Washburn : Is there a problem in here, Ms. Corwin?
Zack : Why don't you just take off?
Zack : It's not like the principal can call your parents.
Colleen : No, but the principal can call the police.
Colleen : Or the guy he's doing the favor for.
Zack : His girlfriend's obviously gonna find out.
Zack : He's screwed.
Zack : I'd bolt. No, you wouldn't.
Zack : Yeah, I would.
Colleen : No, you wouldn't.
Colleen : How do you know?
House : What's wrong?
Zack : I guess... I don't wanna do it like this.
Zack : Sorry for shooting the puck so hard