UNK: and we're kind of hoping to stay at one of the bunkhouse rooms.
Castle : Whatever the little lady wants.
Grady : I can see who wears the 10-gallon hat in your house.
UNK: Yeah and, um, Mr. Grady, I know that this sounds silly,
UNK: but my lucky number is 14. Is that room available?
UNK: Uh, Daisy Mae! Daisy Mae! We need you, dear.
Grady : That's my missus.
Grady : Like yours, she runs the show here.
UNK: Hon, uh, these lovebirds wanna stay in bunkhouse 14. Is it vacant?
UNK: Daisy May Grady : Sure is. But why? It's a single room with a twin bed.
Castle : Oh, that's okay. We're, uh... We're cuddlers.
UNK: Yeah. Well, all righty, then.
UNK: But first, folks, we gotta get you out of those bibs and tuckers.
UNK: Ooh-hoo! Whee.
Grady : Take a look at this belvedere.
Castle : I do look good, don't I?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : This is like three fantasies coming true all at once.
Castle : Only thing missing is...
UNK: Gentleman James, where do we get the replica guns?
Grady : Like yours?
UNK: Replica?
Grady : Son, this is Arizona. It's open carry.
Grady : Say, do either of you two know what's quicker than lightning?
UNK: What?
Grady : This gun tamed the Wild West.
Grady : Colt .45 Single Action Peacemaker.
UNK: I wanna be him when I grow up.
Beckett : Well, yeah, if you grow up.
Grady : It's all about practice.
Grady : Which you can do with one of our firearms
Grady : available for purchase at our gift shop.
Grady : In fact, why don't we mosey on over?
Beckett : Yeah, uh, Mr. Grady, you know what? Maybe later.
Beckett : Right now we're both a bit knackered,
Beckett : so we were hoping to go to our room.
Grady : So glad you're staying with us. Much obliged, ma'am.
Grady : Much obliged, ma'am.
Beckett : We were wrong.
Beckett : The key that Whitney had with her wasn't her room key.
Castle : Well, then what does it go to?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: Here's 14.
Castle : Oh, wait. Whether we like it or not, we are on our honeymoon.
UNK: So, we must act accordingly.
UNK: Oh, jeez!
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Beckett : So not our honeymoon.
UNK: You're looking for disinfectant?
UNK: And clues. Remember? Whitney was staying here.
UNK: I highly doubt we're gonna find
Castle : anything in this room that can help us.
Tobias : Howdy, partner.
Castle : I don't know if it comes with the room,
Castle : but there's a naked cowboy shaving in our bathroom.
Beckett : I'm sorry, what?
Tobias : My fault, forgot to lock the door.
UNK: It's a Jack-and-Jill bathroom. I'm in the room on the other side.
UNK: Oh... I'm Rick. This is Kate. We, uh, just checked in. Newlyweds.
Tobias : Oh, congratulations. I'm Tobias.
UNK: Hi. But didn't Mr. Grady say
Beckett : that there was a woman staying in our room before?
UNK: Ah, yes. I'm surprised they let her stay in so close with menfolk,
Castle : considering the customs of the Old West.
Tobias : Well, I guess when they found out me
Tobias : and her both enjoy chasing cowboys,
Tobias : they figured, "What the heck?"
UNK: Uh, you know, we're about to brew some coffee.
Beckett : Would you care for a cup?
UNK: Mmm. I like my coffee like I like my men. Strong, black and bitter.
Beckett : Ooh. You're fun.
Beckett : I bet you and your old bunkhouse mate got into all sorts of trouble.