UNK: Rebecca Doolin : Yeah, that's me.
UNK: Rebecca Doolin : But I haven't lived at this address in years.
Esposito : Rebecca, who is Slim?
Rebecca : She was a friend of mine. Her real name's Virginia Williams.
Esposito : Wait, does she have a daughter named Whitney?
UNK: Well, Virginia was pregnant with Whitney when she stayed with me.
Rebecca : Virginia was a real mess back then.
Beckett : How so?
Rebecca : Knocked up, no money, no prospects.
Rebecca : Virginia got so fed up with getting letters like these,
UNK: she finally wrote Clyde a "Dear John" letter and moved on.
Esposito : Wait, are you saying that Clyde is Whitney's father?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Do you have any idea where Clyde is now?
UNK: It's been 20 years. How would I know?
UNK: Whitney must've found Clyde's letters after her mother passed.
Castle : Yeah, and that's what started her quest.
UNK: Now, according to the map,
Castle : the stream used to be right around here.
Castle : I think.
UNK: Maybe.
Beckett : I don't know.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : I am tracking Whitney's path to the gold.
UNK: And how are you doing that?
Castle : By staring at the dirt.
Castle : That's how they do it in all the old Westerns.
Beckett : Yes, because they're cowboys. You're a New Yorker.
Beckett : An Easterner. A city slicker.
Castle : Yes, and because I'm a city slicker,
Castle : I can tell you with absolute certainty, Whitney was here.
Beckett : How? You don't know how to read tracks.
Castle : No! No. But because I'm a New Yorker, I know how to read litter.
Castle : Check this out.
UNK: Charred, wax-covered cardboard.
UNK: Whitney must've detonated the dynamite nearby.
Ryan : We're close.
UNK: Ah.
Castle : More there.
UNK: Beckett, look at this!
UNK: There's gold in them thar hills.
Castle : You go first, check for snakes.
Castle : This place is old.
UNK: This mine must've been abandoned
Castle : before the Peacock boys stashed their loot.
Beckett : Slow down, Castle. Just be careful.
Castle : Are you kidding? There's treasure in here.
Castle : Whitney found the gold.