UNK: Hey!
Emt : I, uh, guess you got Ryan's message.
Beckett : Castle, I leave you alone for five minutes
Beckett : and you end up in a showdown?
Castle : Yeah, well,
Castle : good thing I married the fastest gun from the East.
Sheriff : Given that Whitney checked in under her own name,
UNK: Grady may have been onto her from the moment she arrived.
Castle : Probably didn't take him long to figure out why she came.
Beckett : And when he did,
UNK: he must've followed her to the mine and seen what she discovered.
Sheriff : Yep. On the morning she left,
Sheriff : Grady made specific Internet searches on foxglove poisoning.
UNK: Sounds like you got him dead to rights, Sheriff.
Sheriff : Well, with what you did here, we sure do.
Sheriff : Detective, I'm in your debt. Y'all take care of yourselves.
Castle : Thank you, Sheriff.
Castle : Well, I guess we cleaned up this town.
Beckett : Yeah, I reckon we did.
Castle : So, I guess it's, uh, time to go home.
UNK: Nah, nah. Well, you know what really gets me?
UNK: It's that they said they only invited immediate family.
Esposito : What? We're not family?
Ryan : More like poor relations.
UNK: And we're probably the reason that they fell in love in the first place.
UNK: Right? You know,
Gates : I've been listening to your bellyaching for the last few days,
Gates : and I have to ask, what the hell is wrong with you two?
Esposito : Come on, sir. It doesn't bother you?
UNK: You really wanna know what I think, detectives?
Gates : I think that the two of you should stop whining
UNK: like two little school girls who weren't invited to the dance,
Gates : and be happy that your friends, your very dear friends,
Gates : have found a way to make it work.
Gates : Especially after all the hell those two have been through.
Gates : Now, that's what I think.
UNK: Well, when you put it that way...
UNK: Yeah. I guess, in some opinions,
Esposito : we have been kind of jerks about it.
UNK: Right.
Gates : Yeah, you have.
Gates : But if you're interested,
Gates : there might be something you could do to make it up to them.
Tobias : Well, Rick, I'm sorry to see you guys go.
Castle : Oh, yeah. Me, too. But it couldn't be helped.
Beckett : Hey there, cowboy. Where are you off to in such a hurry?
Castle : Beckett, what are you doing? We're gonna miss our flight.
UNK: You gotta be in the office by morning.
Beckett : No, I don't.
Castle : Yeah, you do. You don't have any personal days left.
UNK: Actually, I kind of do.
UNK: For our wedding gift, Ryan and Esposito
UNK: have both agreed to give me two of their vacation days, each.
Castle : They did? Yeah.
Beckett : So, now, we have four days to do
UNK: whatever we want.
UNK: And you wanna stay here?
UNK: Of course I wanna stay. After all, this is our honeymoon.
UNK: Oh, wait, we're gonna still go to that island getaway, right?
Castle : Yes, absolutely. Okay, good.