Tobias : Not me.
Tobias : But Whitney, on the other hand... Now, don't get me wrong.
Tobias : She's a sweetheart, but she's a bit of a hell-raiser.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Beckett : How so?
Tobias : Okay, like, our first day here,
Tobias : we went on a horseback-riding tour.
Tobias : She snuck off in the middle of it.
UNK: Get out! Where did she go?
Tobias : Probably went to go hang out with her ranch hand.
Tobias : One of the red bandana boys that work here.
Tobias : She used to stay out with him all night, every night.
Castle : Sounds like I better keep him clear of my missus.
Castle : Who was this Romeo?
Tobias : I don't know, she wouldn't say.
Tobias : She just said he was tall, dark and handsome.
Tobias : Oh, and married. Married?
Castle : Get out! Yes.
Beckett : Ooh, I wonder if there was any trouble.
UNK: I think the reason that we got this room
Beckett : is because Whitney left so early.
Tobias : She sure did.
Tobias : Her last night here, she rolled in at 3 : 00 a.m., upset.
Tobias : She woke me up with all her crying.
Doctor : What happened?
UNK: That's what I said, but she didn't wanna talk about it.
Tobias : She left before the sun came up, didn't even say goodbye.
UNK: Oh. I'm late for chow.
Tobias : Thanks for the coffee. See y'all around.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : An affair with a married man.
Beckett : Yes, and she was with him until 3 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : That's right in the middle of her time-of-poisoning window.
UNK: We gotta find this guy. But how?
UNK: We're undercover. I can't just flash my badge and get people to talk.
Castle : Exactly. Which is why we don't approach this like cops,
Castle : we approach this like writers.
Beckett : So, we procrastinate and make stuff up?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, yes, but no.
Castle : In this particular instance,
Castle : we approach the investigation like writers by doing research.
Castle : Now, there are seven ranch hands to
UNK: fit the bill of "tall, dark and handsome."
Castle : In order to figure out which one
Castle : was fooling around with Whitney,
Castle : we have to first determine who of them are married.
Castle : That means we need to go on a wedding ring search.
Castle : And these are the possibilities.
Castle : So, I split their classes up between us.
UNK: Whoa. Hold up. "Harmonica for beginners. Cowboy saloon."
Beckett : How come you get all the cool activities?
Beckett : And I get hog-tying?
Castle : Because this was my idea.
Castle : Though it will be a shame
UNK: that we're spending the first day of our honeymoon apart.
Beckett : Except we're not. Because this is not our honeymoon.
UNK: Okay, bye.
Beckett : Be safe.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, how's it going?
Ryan : Oh, wonderful. In fact, we were just discussing your nuptials.
Esposito : Not the actual event, since neither of us were there.
Beckett : Guys, is this really why you're calling?
Ryan : Partly, yes.
UNK: And we have news. Here's the good.
UNK: MTA cameras show that Whitney's bags were left on the subway.
UNK: Here's the bad news. They were stolen by a homeless man.
UNK: But we put out a BOLO. Hopefully, somebody'll recognize him.
Esposito : Also, Lanie found something during her autopsy.
Esposito : She found traces of a wax-covered
Esposito : cardboard under Whitney's nails
Tobias : and on the waistband of her pants.
UNK: Wax-covered cardboard? Like butcher paper?
Esposito : Well, Lanie says it's too hard to tell. What about you and Hop-Along?
Esposito : Learn anything?
Beckett : Well, so far, it looks like our victim was
Beckett : having an affair with a married man.