UNK: Hmm?
Becket : Castle, don't move.
Castle : Your wish is my command.
Beckett : No, I'm serious. Don't move an inch.
UNK: Ahhh! What...
Gates : Oh, no.
Lanie : No, no! No, no, no!
Castle : Espo! Ryan! Come back!
Castle : Guys, no! Come back!
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Well, you were right before.
Beckett : This is so not our honeymoon.
Grady : Well, thank goodness!
Grady : We were fixing to put together a posse
Grady : to go searching for the two of you.
Beckett : Yeah, sorry, Mr. Grady.
Beckett : We tried to call you, but we couldn't get a signal in the hills.
Grady : Your horses came back hours ago. What happened up there?
Castle : We met a namesake of your ranch.
UNK: Oh, a rattler.
Grady : Yeah, well, why don't you mosey on over to the cantina
UNK: and strap on a feed bag and get some fresh jitter juice in you.
Beckett : Yeah, I think we'll do that.
Castle : Yeah, just as soon as we get on some fresh union suits.
UNK: Yee-haw.
Gates : You found our victim's suitcases?
Esposito : Yes, sir. Our BOLO got a hit on the homeless guy
Esposito : who took them from the subway.
UNK: Inside, Whitney's research.
Ryan : And something we haven't seen before. A letter.
Esposito : There's no return address, but it's
Esposito : got an Arizona postmark dated 1992.
UNK: A 20-year-old letter?
UNK: "Slim, in care of Rebecca Doolin."
Gates : A Jersey address.
Esposito : We're hoping to track down Ms. Doolin so we can get some answers.
Ryan : The letter's from a guy named Clyde.
Ryan : We assume that the photograph is him.
Gates : It says here that Clyde was a seasonal worker at Diamondback.
UNK: Yeah, 20 years ago, before the place was a resort.
Ryan : But here's the interesting part.
Ryan : In the letter, Clyde goes on about how he and a guy named Dutch
Ryan : were close to figuring out some big secret.
Castle : What big secret?
Ryan : It doesn't say. But Clyde wrote,
UNK: "I just need a few more weeks, Slim.
UNK: "Dutch and I are so close.
UNK: "It all comes down to a mistranslation of a Yavapai word."
Castle : Let me guess. "Aha gah hel'lah"?
Beckett : Yeah. How'd you know?
Castle : It's the same word Whitney was asking the Yavapai elder about.
Ryan : Well, Clyde goes on to write,
UNK: "I can hardly believe that one little old word
UNK: "is the key to the secret of the Peacock boys.
UNK: "As soon as I find it, I'm coming on home to you. Love, Clyde."
Marshall : The Peacock boys. How do I know...
Castle : They're wanted men! Cornelius and Percy Pea...