Chase : What do you mean by doing the LP just right?
UNK: We're not gonna screw it up.
House : The odds are, this guy knows something we don't.
Foreman : He could know the answer to the meaning of life, the man can't communicate!
House : Have you had any indication
House : that he's tried to communicate something important?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, that's because you guys haven't scared him enough.
House : I'm sure you've been all, "Oh, we'll take real good care of you".
House : Why should he say anything?
House : When you prep him, tell him he's gonna die.
House : Crush all hope. Don't let Cameron do it.
House : Cuddy, you got a problem with any of that?
Foreman : You're scheduled for a lumbar puncture,
Foreman : but you shouldn't count on that having the answers.
Foreman : If your husband continues to decline...
Chase : You'll die.
Chase : If there's anything you haven't told us...
UNK: How you holding up?
Cameron : I know what you just heard is scary as hell, but...
Fletcher : Couldn't tackle the bear.
Fletcher : They took my stain.
Announcement : Attention, please.
UNK: Due to weather conditions, all flights are grounded till further notice.
Announcement : Cots are being provided on the lower level.
Announcement : We apologize for the inconvenience.
UNK: I don't believe it.
UNK: You want me to run down and reserve you a cot with a view?
Stacy : Where's your knapsack?
House : Checked it through.
UNK: That's right. I forgot. It's hard for you to carry and walk.
Stacy : I booked a room at the airport hotel when I saw how bad the weather was.
UNK: It's the last one available.
Stacy : Your leg can't handle a night on a cot.
UNK: Thanks.
Stacy : I'm ready.
UNK: Right.
Stacy : The hotel's upstairs.
House : Does Mark know about this?
UNK: Mark knows that when things are bad,
Stacy : I always like to have an escape route planned.
House : I have to know what's going on here.
UNK: Because when you have a fight with Mark and you try to avoid me,
UNK: then I have to think that...
Stacy : That I'm feeling vulnerable, and I don't want to be around you,
Stacy : because it might lead to something.
UNK: Right.
House : But then, a hotel room...
Stacy : Might also lead to something.
House : So, which is it?
UNK: Our relationship's like an addiction.
Nurse : It's like...
House : Really good drugs?
Stacy : No, it's like Vindaloo curry.
UNK: Okay, sure.
Stacy : Really, really hot Indian curry they make with red chili peppers.
House : I know what it is.
House : Didn't think it was addictive.
Stacy : You're abrasive and annoying, and you come on way too strong.
Stacy : Like Vindaloo curry.
Stacy : And when you're crazy about curry, that's fine.
Stacy : But no matter how much you love curry,
Stacy : you have too much of it, it takes the roof of your mouth off.
Stacy : And then you never want to see curry for a really, really long time.
Stacy : But you wake up one day and you think,
UNK: "God, I really miss curry."
Stacy : You're a jerk.
Foreman : I know.
House : If you hadn't just had a fight with Mark...
Stacy : For once in your life, will you shut up?