Cuddy : Need your advice.
Cuddy : What's the best diagnostics department within 60 miles of here?
Foreman : We are.
UNK: Yeah. "We" aren't here.
Cuddy : House is in Baltimore lying to Medicaid about his billings.
Foreman : So? I'm board certified.
Cuddy : You are not House.
Foreman : Why'd you put me in charge if you think I can't handle it?
Cuddy : Because it's temporary, and because I was ordered to.
Foreman : What are the symptoms?
Cuddy : Oh, come on.
UNK: You're gonna diagnose him without meeting him?
Cuddy : Prove that you're as brilliant as House?
Foreman : I need to know the symptoms to know which hospital to recommend.
Cuddy : Patient struck his head and is suffering from aphasia.
UNK: A neurological problem.
UNK: You know, I know a lot of good people in that field,
Foreman : seeing as I happen to be a neurologist.
Cuddy : - You're pouting. - Not at all.
Foreman : Taylor's pretty good.
Foreman : House was ready to hire him till he got my resume.
Cuddy : It's Fletcher Stone.
Cuddy : Wrote 12 books, exposed three administrations.
Cuddy : - Before he exposes us... - I get it.
Foreman : Famous patient needs famous doctor.
Foreman : - I'll call Taylor. - Thank you.
Foreman : Or maybe you should call him.
Foreman : What if I say something stupid?
UNK: God. House is easier.
UNK: You taking any drugs?
Fletcher : I displaced my function. Accolade.
Elizabeth : He used to drink regularly,
Elizabeth : but he's been clean and sober for nearly a year.
Foreman : Mr. Stone, you think you're speaking normally,
Foreman : but your speech is impaired.
Foreman : He knows what he wants to say, but when he reaches for a word,
Foreman : he finds something else.
Fletcher : I grapple average.
UNK: Tanzer glisten?
Elizabeth : He doesn't know that he's saying it wrong?
Foreman : It all sounds right to him.
Foreman : I want you to write your name and draw a face.
Cameron : It's called agraphia. Loss of ability to write.
Cameron : Most often, it's temporary.
Foreman : How hard did he hit his head?
Elizabeth : It was a pretty good crack.
Elizabeth : It made a really ugly sound.
Foreman : - Do you understand what I'm saying? - Of golf.
Foreman : Don't give me a sentence. Just say "yes" or "no".
UNK: Do you understand me?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Elizabeth. Fletch. Is he okay?
Elizabeth : We don't know. This is Fletch's editor.
UNK: Greta Sims.
Greta : I wanted to make sure that the EMTs told you the right story.
Chase : How many stories are there?
Greta : He didn't trip. He just fell. Out of the blue.
Greta : His foot jerked a little bit, first. That's what made it look like a trip.