UNK: House.
Foreman : You're on speakerphone.
House : How did the LP go?
House : Give me the Reader's Digest condensed version.
Chase : Preliminary results are some kind of infection which
Chase : narrows it down...
House : From infinity, yeah.
Chase : At the rate his organs are deteriorating, he's got maybe a day or two.
UNK: Okay. Well, call me back when you have something.
Cameron : He was trying to tell us something.
House : What did he say?
Cameron : You were wrong. It wasn't the fear. He opened up to me when I...
UNK: A sympathetic presence after a traumatic moment.
House : Classic interrogation technique. What did he say?
Cameron : You knew that I'd...
House : Act the way you always do? Yeah, I did. What did he say?
Cameron : He couldn't tackle the bear.
Foreman : Now all we need is the English-Aphasic dictionary.
House : A fluent aphasic retrieves words that are stored
House : somewhere close to the one he wants.
UNK: They could be filed by sound or by meanings.
UNK: So if he wants to say "table",
UNK: he could say "label" or he could say "chair."
UNK: Or he could just say "jabberwocky". There's no way to tell.
Cameron : He also said, "They took my stain."
House : Hold on.
UNK: I'm gonna take this phone downstairs, so I don't disturb you. Is that okay?
UNK: Sure.
House : Keep him talking. Write down everything he says.
UNK: Stacy.
House : That new makeup you bought, do you mind if I borrow it?
UNK: What did you mean by "stain"? Dirty, soiled...
Fletcher : No, no.
Foreman : What about rhymes? Pain? Brain?
UNK: Thane?
Elizabeth : He is dying from some kind of infection, and you all are playing word games?
Cameron : Is there anything else you haven't told us?
Foreman : Let's start this again.
UNK: "Bear." Is it "bare" as in "naked"?
House : Crimson Desire shows up well on Sheetrock.
Stacy : That's why I chose it.
House : You must have gotten one new phrase out of him. Something.
Foreman : We've been talking to him for hours. Maybe he's just given up.
UNK: You sure you've told me everything you found at his home and office?
Chase : No, we're hiding something.
Foreman : Maybe it's not a rhyme or a synonym.
Chase : What else is there?
UNK: You think we should just start guessing randomly?
Cameron : Maybe House is wrong.
House : Hope that's not the end of the thought.
UNK: He mentioned "stain" once before, when Chase was giving him the MRI.
Cameron : - Before we scared him. - He did?
Cameron : It's in your notes.
Chase : So he only talks during MRis and lumbar punctures?
Chase : Your theory is he can only talk with a needle in his back or...
Cameron : When his wife's not in the room.
Cameron : The more devoted, the more reason to lie.
House : That's cynical.
Stacy : You disagree?
House : No, I'm just kvelling. Our little girl is growing up.
UNK: Okay, what's the best way to rip a woman from the side of her dying husband?
Cuddy : You woke me up to lie to a patient's wife?