Elizabeth : I think it's his stomach.
UNK: I teal indigent.
Cameron : Was it something you ate?
Elizabeth : He keeps doing that.
UNK: I teal indigent.
Elizabeth : - Are you hungry? - No.
Cameron : No, he's in pain. Is it a sharp pain?
UNK: No. Teal indigent!
Cameron : - Taste? - Yes.
Cameron : - A metallic taste? - Yes!
Cameron : I'll be right back.
House : I suppose it's also possible that the clasp broke,
House : but then you'd be carrying the thing around in your purse...
Stacy : We had a fight.
Stacy : We had a fight, and I was angry and not thinking straight,
Stacy : and I walked out without my makeup and without my cross.
UNK: I stopped at the drugstore to buy makeup, but I couldn't buy a cross,
Stacy : because they don't have an aisle for personal talismans!
House : So you had a fight. I'm sure it'll blow over.
Stacy : - It was about nothing. - Of course it was.
House : Mark's tired. He's worried. He's got mobility problems.
UNK: It's normal to blow up over little things.
Stacy : I don't mind fighting over little things.
UNK: I didn't mind fighting over big things. That I could understand.
Stacy : We fight over nothing.
Stacy : You know, a mailbox with a sign that says, "Last pickup 5 : 00 p. m".
Stacy : Does that mean last pickup to go to the post office,
Stacy : or last pickup to leave the post office and be sent out of town?
House : You fought over mail delivery?
Stacy : I tried to get him to drop the subject, but he wouldn't.
Stacy : I told him he was right. He thought I was being condescending.
Cuddy : You were.
Stacy : He's pushing me out of his life.
House : Maybe you're misinterpreting.
Stacy : Did I misinterpret with you?
Stacy : At least, this time I recognize it.
Stacy : That's the benefit of convincing the only two men you've ever loved
Stacy : they're better off without you.
House : Yeah, it's all your fault.
UNK: You know, "Stacy" in the original Greek means "relationship killer."
Stacy : I'm going to go wash my face, so I look like a grownup again.
UNK: Hello.
Stacy : It's for you.
Cuddy : - House. - Do you know your phone's dead?
Wilson : Do you ever recharge your batteries?
House : They recharge?
House : I just keep buying new phones.
Wilson : I thought you should know your aphasia guy is tasting metal.
UNK: Where's his creatinine?
Wilson : 6.8. He's got kidney failure.
Wilson : Cameron's got him on dialysis, and he's stable for the moment.
Wilson : Unlike Cuddy, who's suicidal.
Foreman : It's either meningitis or encephalitis. Or maybe autoimmune.
Cuddy : That's perfect.
Cuddy : Seems like you really narrowed it down over dinner.
Cuddy : Here's the plan. We talk to House.
Chase : We've been trying. He's not answering his cell.
Foreman : It's obvious we have to do the lumbar puncture.
Foreman : There's no choice anymore.
House : You have to do it just right.
Foreman : What are you talking about?
House : Either you've decided to do a lumbar puncture, or you have to fire me
House : so that I can't fire all of you as soon as I get back in charge.
House : Is Cuddy there, ranting?
Cuddy : If I'd known you'd be out of contact...
House : - They can handle it. - Right.
UNK: So far, only three organ systems have failed.
UNK: Okay, they can't. Doesn't matter.
UNK: The guy's not stable enough to move.
House : So go rant in your own office.
Cuddy : Fine. Call me when you're done.