Esposito : Bro, you have to stop watching these horror films.
Castle : That same slash of light appeared in the crime scene photos, okay?
Castle : - In the exact same place. - Yeah.
Castle : Right across my neck.
UNK: Now it's showing up again in the video feed?
Castle : That's live feed. That cannot be manipulated.
Ryan : Castle, all this stuff about omens and the Antichrist...
Esposito : You being marked for death...
UNK: It's all in your head.
Castle : - Guys... - Look out!
Castle : You were saying?
Beckett : It was a frayed cable.
Castle : Yes, yes, I agree, if by "frayed cable," you mean Satan.
Beckett : Look, Castle, don't take this the wrong way, but you're starting to sound crazy.
Beckett : And not your usual crazy. I mean, next-Ievel nutter.
Castle : Beckett, listen to me.
Castle : I looked into the cold, soulless eyes ofVictor Crowne,
Castle : and let me tell you what I saw.
UNK: Evil.
Beckett : Well, I looked into the surveillance tapes from Victor Crowne's building,
Castle : and let me tell you what I saw. Victor Crowne working all night.
Beckett : He never left the building, Castle.
Beckett : He's not our killer.
UNK: He's not gonna be bound by Earthly laws, Beckett.
Castle : That's Demon 101.
Esposito : Yo, Cap,
Esposito : we're still not having any luck figuring out where Shaw was
UNK: during that time-of-death window.
Beckett : Well, someone must have seen him, so why don't we get unis to re-canvass?
UNK: - AII right. - Yo, I just got a call from Lanie.
Ryan : Uh, do you remember the biblical verses painted all over our vic's body?
Ryan : Well, the lab ran an analysis and the results are odd.
Ryan : It's a paste made from a mixture of
Ryan : olive oil, cassia, cinnamon, cymbopogon and myrrh.
UNK: "Cymbopogon and myrrh"?
Castle : I've seen this somewhere before, I swear it.
UNK: Go.
UNK: AII right
Castle : Hey, guys.
UNK: Hey, Dad. You won't believe some of the stuffwe're finding in here.
Castle : - Did you find a recipe? - Uh...
Alexis : For what? Antichrist cookies?
UNK: No, of course not.
UNK: But, actually, I don't even know.
UNK: AII I know is I saw a letter in here that had a recipe on it
Castle : with olive oil, cassia, cinnamon, cymbopogon and myrrh.
UNK: Wait, wait, wait a minute. Why does that sound so familiar?
UNK: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yeah. Here it is. Uh-huh.
UNK: It's addressed to Gabriel Shaw from a Karl Von Eckland.
UNK: Now, the letter goes on and on about an anointing oil.
UNK: It was used in ancient times
UNK: to prepare the righteous for battle against demons.
UNK: And the ingredients include cymbopogon and myrrh.
UNK: Okay, now listen to this part.
UNK: "Find me when it's your turn to answer the call."
UNK: "I will prepare you for your battle against evil."
UNK: And who's the guy who wrote that?
UNK: Karl Von Eckland.
Castle : We really need to talk to this guy.
UNK: Well, um, he's dead.
Ryan : So unless you have a Ouija board somewhere around here,
Ryan : - it might be a bit of a challenge. - How did he die?
Ryan : Looks like he had a fatal heart attack on December 13th, 1996.
UNK: Ooh. That is just one month after this letter was written.
Esposito : And a week after Gabriel Shaw was sent to Peakmore.
UNK: Dave Holmby : Wait a minute, if Shaw was institutionalized,
Castle : it's possible he didn't know Karl Von Eckland was dead.
Alexis : Which means after he broke out,
Alexis : he probably went to Von Eckland's apartment
Alexis : to get prepared for his supposed demonic battle.
Castle : Ryan, who lives in Von Eckland's apartment now?
Ryan : His son, Oscar. Looks like he moved in after his father died.
UNK: Nice place. It's very, uh, eclectic.
UNK: Oscar Von Ecklund : Yeah, it's creepy as all hell, but it's my dad's old stuff,
UNK: Oscar Von Ecklund : I never had the heart to get rid of any of it.
Castle : So you didn't follow in your father's religious footsteps?
UNK: Hell no. It's all mumbo jumbo.
Esposito : Twenty bucks?
UNK: Hey, a man's gotta eat, right?
Oscar : So I make a little money on the side selling blessed crap to suckers.
Oscar : Blessed candles, blessed crosses.
Oscar : Can I interest you in a blessed bracelet?
Sondra : No, but, uh, we are interested in this man.
Ryan : Was he here last night?
UNK: Yeah, around 6 : 00.
Oscar : Gabriel something. He was looking for my old man.
Castle : He wanted your father to anoint him with the oil for spiritual battle.
Oscar : How do you know that?
Esposito : Did you anoint him, Oscar?
UNK: For 50 bucks, hell yeah I did.
UNK: What? He was desperate.
Oscar : So I grabbed one of Pop's old books
Oscar : and I whipped up a batch of the anointing oil.
Oscar : And I wrote some Bible verses on him.
Oscar : It gave him great peace.
Ryan : Well, that peace didn't last. The man is dead.
Oscar : Really? what happened to him?
Castle : He was murdered by the spawn of Satan.
Oscar : - Is he serious? - Very.
Esposito : So, Oscar, did Gabriel Shaw tell you whether he was meeting anyone?
Esposito : Did he say where he was going?
UNK: No, just thanked me and left.
Esposito : - What time did he leave? - A little after 7 : 30.
UNK: That's 30 minutes before Shaw was stabbed.
Castle : Guys, we're getting close.
Ryan : Okay. So, good and bad news.
Ryan : The good news is, we found surveillance footage of Shaw
Ryan : in Oscar's neighborhood
Ryan : and we were able to track him back to the location where he was stabbed.
Castle : You have video of Gabriel Shaw's murder?
UNK: Well, yeah, uh, sort of.
Beckett : Oh. This is where the bad news comes in?
Ryan : It appears that due to the thunderstorm,
Ryan : none of the cameras are functioning properly.
Beckett : What does that mean?
UNK: Uh, it's just gonna be sort of odd.
UNK: Like odd-odd or work-of-the-Devil odd?
UNK: No, just odd-odd, Castle.
UNK: - AII right? Go ahead. - Yeah.