UNK: Gotcha!
Castle : Not funny, Beckett.
Castle : I am being targeted by dark forces.
Castle : I'm serious. I can feel it.
Beckett : Okay, fine. Can you just feel it in the morning?
Beckett : 'Cause it's late. Let's go to bed.
UNK: - Yeah, just give me a few minutes. - AII right.
Castle : - Boo! - Jeez!
Beckett : You're so easy.
UNK: "The Angel Dagger."
Castle : where have I seen...
Castle : Hey, Beckett.
Beckett : Hey, where are you?
UNK: I'm at the office. I figuredout why Shaw broke in here.
Castle : - Really? - Yeah.
Castle : He was looking for a weapon.
Castle : It's the only thing that can kill the Antichrist.
UNK: It's called the AngelDagger.
Beckett : Castle, would you please just...
Castle : Beckett, I'm serious. I found references to it on the Internet.
Castle : It was here. It's been in the safe the whole time.
UNK: It's a blade that was hidden in a...
Castle : - who's there? - Who's where?
UNK: Hello? Castle, what's...
Castle : He's here.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Hello?
Castle : I saw his eyes. It was a demon.
Beckett : Or someone with night vision goggles.
Castle : Beckett, how much proof do you need before you finally accept the fact
Castle : that your husband has been marked for death?
UNK: Okay, ifyou were marked for death, then the demon would've killed you.
Beckett : Instead, you were knocked out by a very human attacker
UNK: who managed to run offwith your... whatever dagger.
Castle : - Angel Dagger. Angel Dagger. - "Angel Dagger."
Castle : It's something only a demon would want.
UNK: Look, ifthat's true, then why did the demon ransack your safe?
Castle : Hello? To look for other items with supernatural abilities.
UNK: Hey, Castle, how you doing, buddy?
Castle : Well, boys, I looked into the eyes of the Devil, so there's that.
Esposito : Did they check him for a concussion?
UNK: Uh, no, he's fine. He's just a little shaken.
Beckett : You guys got anything on the canvass?
Esposito : Yeah, a bouncer who was working in a club across the alley
Esposito : from where Shaw's stabbing took place
UNK: saw a gray Explorer tear ass out of there.
UNK: - AII right. Did you get the plates? - Nope. And we don't need them.
Ryan : Turns out there's only one person in this case
UNK: who has a gray Explorer.
Sondra : Oh, yeah? well, a lot of people have that kind of SUV.
Ryan : Yes, but not a lot of people have the murder weapon in their garage.
Ryan : See, we got a search warrant for your place