UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Alexis Castle : No sign of it letting up.
UNK: Just gonna have to be late.
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Frankly, I'm in no rush to leave this party,
UNK: Hayley Shipton : thanks to your father's excellent taste in Scotch and daughters.
UNK: - Oh, the man knows his stuff. - Mmm.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Blackout. Come on.
UNK: Must be from the storm.
Alexis : Hold on. I know my dad keeps a flashlight here somewhere...
Alexis : Did you hear that?
Hayley : Is someone trying to break in?
UNK: So, the power's out, the phones are down. You know what that means?
UNK: Richard Castle : No late night calls from work to interrupt our game of naked Twister.
UNK: Wait, why are you still dressed?
UNK: Yeah, I've got to go to the precinct.
Castle : What? Now?
Castle : There's nothing more romantic than a blackout.
Beckett : Yeah, and nothing more deadly. You know as well as I do
Beckett : that as soon as the lights go out, bad things happen.
Beckett : - What the hell is that? - A panic signal from the PI Office.
Castle : I had it set up for when Alexis is there by herself.
Castle : No service.
Beckett : This is Captain Beckett to Central...
UNK: Alexis?
UNK: What happened? Are you all right?
Alexis : Yeah. That guy broke in with an axe, yelling something in Latin,
Alexis : then he just dropped dead.
Castle : - What did he say? - I don't know. It all happened so fast.
Beckett : Is that what he broke in with?
UNK: Yeah. Talk about crashing a party.
UNK: Turns out it's a fire axe from the downstairs lobby.
Beckett : So our intruder must have grabbed it on his way up.
UNK: But why? There's easier ways to break into this office.
Hayley : Yeah, and more silent.
Hayley : He certainly wasn't planning on sneaking up on anyone.
UNK: - Did you get an ID on the guy? - No. No wallet.
Hayley : And your portable fingerprint thingmajiggy is down
Hayley : due to the weather.
UNK: Lanie Parish : He bled to death from a wound in his left side.
UNK: Lanie Parish : My guess is whatever he was stabbed with
UNK: Lanie Parish : punctured his subclavian artery.
UNK: Lanie Parish : After that, he would have had about 30 minutes to an hour, tops.
UNK: Mmm. well, he came in here with this around 9 : 00 p.m.
Hayley : He keeled over shortly thereafter.
UNK: So he must have been stabbed between 8 : 00 and 8 : 30.
UNK: There's a... There's a hospital bracelet.
UNK: Our intruder's name is G. Shaw,
UNK: and he was a patient at...
UNK: - Peakmore Psychiatric Facility? - Nice.
Hayley : You know it?
Castle : It's a psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane.
UNK: Our axe-wielding psycho is an escaped mental patient.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Backup generator's not working so well.
UNK: Yeah, a place like this you'd think would be state-of-the-art.
Castle : We're here about an escaped inmate
UNK: who just tried to kill two people with an axe.
UNK: Um... wait here.
Esposito : Yo, I'd try to escape, too, if I lived here.
Esposito : Who knows what they're doing to them back there.
Castle : Can't be anything worse than what we did historically.
Castle : Many cultures mistook mental illness for a sign of sorcery.
UNK: Treatments ranged from prayer
Castle : to drilling holes in the skull to release the demons.