UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Burke voiceover : Why is this time different?
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Because this time, it feels like there's no right choice.
UNK: Burke voiceover : Maybe the right choice is the one you can live with.
Castle : Hey. You guys seen Beckett?
Ryan : No. Not since last night. We thought she was with you.
Castle : No, I tried her a couple of times this morning,
UNK: but she wasn't picking up.
Esposito : All right, thanks.
Esposito : Yo, I'm trying to get through this list of stores that sell the baseball caps.
Esposito : Half of them aren't even open yet. What about you?
UNK: Nada. The canvass around the gun store turned up empty.
UNK: Richard Castle : - Hey. - Hey!
Beckett : You guys, where are we on the suspect?
Esposito : Nowhere. And Senator Bracken speaks in less than 10 hours.
Esposito : You find anything in those letters?
Beckett : No. Nothing significant.
Castle : You doing all right?
Beckett : I need a second.
Beckett : You guys, there's...
Esposito : Yo, I just heard back from CSU on that receipt from the duffel bag.
Ryan : They get a print off that smudge?
Esposito : No, but it contained traces of synthetic motor oil and brake pad residue.
Castle : Sounds like our guy's a mechanic.
UNK: So, then maybe he was shopping for the rifle near work.
Beckett : Where's that store again?
UNK: Paterson. Just off the highway.
UNK: It's a place to start.
UNK: All right, I'm gonna get you guys addresses on your way.
Beckett : I'll compile a list of every service station within a five-mile radius,
Beckett : and we'll expand from there.
UNK: Were you gonna say something?
Beckett : No, we're past it.
UNK: Who knew Paterson had so many service stations, huh?
UNK: I'm pretty sure we left Paterson five shops ago.
UNK: "Back in 20 minutes."
Esposito : Well, we don't have 20 minutes to waste.
Esposito : Let's move on to the next one. We'll circle back around.
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Ryan : Hey, look on top of the counter, they sell those hats here.
Esposito : Open up! Police business!
Beckett : All right, I'm coming. Relax.
Ben : Don't break my glass. Yeah, I see it. What?
UNK: How you doing? NYPD. You know this guy?
Ben : Maybe. He looks like one of my mechanics.
Ben : I mean, he used to be. I laid him off, like, three weeks ago.
Ryan : Do you have any paperwork he might have filled out? Maybe a work order?
UNK: I might have some back here.
Ben : Yeah, that's it, right there.
Esposito : Handwriting's a match. It's our guy.
Castle : Robert McManus has a history of schizophrenia.
Castle : Multiple stays at a psych ward.
Castle : Recent episodes were triggered by his son's death.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey, where are we on deployment?
Esposito : Every beat cop in the city has his photo.
UNK: SWAT's sitting on his place in Jersey,
Esposito : but his neighbors say he hasn't been there in a month.
Esposito : He disappears for long stretches.
UNK: We're scouring through his financials, but they are severely outdated.
UNK: The guy closed his accounts years ago. Basically living off the grid.
Gates : Got something. We canvassed near a diner McManus used to frequent.
Gates : An SRO desk clerk just ID'd him. He's been staying there a month.
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: NYPD! Don't move!
UNK: Clear!
Beckett : - Clear! - Clear.
UNK: Clear.
Beckett : Take the place apart. Look for anything that might lead us to him.
Ryan : We should check the rest of the building.
Beckett : I'll talk to the manager for details on his routine.
Beckett : NYPD. Show me your hands.
UNK: Don't move. Don't move or I'll shoot!
Castle : Hey, just spoke to Ryan. McManus is still out there.
UNK: But the boys are going door-to-door in every building nearby.
Beckett : I had him in my sights.
Beckett : I had him.
Castle : So you missed. So what? It could happen to anyone...
UNK: No.
Beckett : I didn't miss.
Castle : What do you mean?
Beckett : I found a letter in the threats file.
Beckett : It was from McManus.
Castle : How long have you known about this?
Ryan : Since last night.
Beckett : McManus was accusing Bracken of murdering his son.
Beckett : I looked into it. He was a 24-year-old kid.
Beckett : He was an intern for Bracken's re-election campaign.
Beckett : He had a meeting scheduled with a reporter,
Beckett : and the next day they found him hanged.
Castle : And you think Bracken...
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. My God.
Beckett : I almost suppressed evidence.
UNK: I was gonna burn that letter.
Castle : But you didn't.
Beckett : I didn't miss McManus.
Beckett : I looked him in the eye and I saw his pain.
Beckett : And I couldn't take that shot.
Beckett : What if I wanted him to get away? Wanted him to go through with this?