Bracken : Detective Beckett!
Beckett : Castle, why don't you see if you can get an update from the bomb squad?
UNK: Right.
Bracken : What the hell is going on here? Who called in the bomb squad?
Beckett : We had a credible threat, sir.
Bracken : Credible according to who?
Beckett : I think we should speak alone.
Beckett : We believe someone that you know is trying to kill you.
Bracken : What? You already have the man in custody.
UNK: We believe McManus was set up
Beckett : because of the threatening letter that he sent you,
Beckett : which means the individual involved has access to the files in your office.
Bracken : And you have evidence for all of this?
Bracken : You don't have evidence?
UNK: Look, I'm not gonna make this kind of accusation lightly.
Bracken : So you called in a bomb scare based on what? A hunch?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: We finished our search of the primary target area, Detective.
UNK: Bomb Squad Member Koch : We found no explosive device.
Beckett : What about the stage? Did you check the podium...
UNK: We swept everything in a 50-foot radius
Koch : of where the Senator would be speaking.
UNK: All right, well, this is ridiculous. Let's just get everybody back inside.
Koch : I'm sorry, Senator,
Koch : we still have to conduct a thorough search of the building.
UNK: It's gonna take a few more hours, I'm afraid.
Bracken : You think I don't know what you're doing?
Bracken : You let McManus get away so that he would take me down,
Bracken : and when that didn't play out,
Bracken : you decided to ruin the most important moment of my career.
Beckett : - That's not what this... - No.
Bracken : You save that for the review board!
Bracken : You have overplayed your hand, and I am going to bury you!
Beckett : Oh, God, Castle, I don't understand. How did we get this so wrong?
Castle : We knew we were taking a risk.
UNK: No, there's got to be a reason that they were framing McManus.
Beckett : They had to have been planning this for tonight, here.
UNK: That's the only thing that makes sense.
Castle : Or he wasn't being framed.
Beckett : Maybe they couldn't get the bomb in the building.
Beckett : With the heightened security because McManus was on the loose,
Beckett : maybe they had to make a different plan.
Beckett : Place the bomb somewhere more accessible.
Castle : Kate, it's over.