UNK: Kate Beckett : So, what makes you so sure
UNK: Kate Beckett : that Alexis isn't serious about this guy?
UNK: Richard Castle : Well, I haven't met him or approved of him yet,
UNK: Richard Castle : so it can't be serious.
UNK: Richard Castle : All suitors must be met and intimidated by me, personally,
UNK: Richard Castle : before they can be considered for official boyfriend status.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I would not do that.
Lanie : Her body was in that barrel over there, burned.
Lanie : And I mean, beyond recognition.
Beckett : Any chance of a positive ID?
Lanie : Not from fingerprints.
Lanie : But bone structure tells me it's a young woman, about 5'4".
Castle : So, a transient?
Lanie : I doubt it. There's a bullet hole in the back of her head.
Lanie : And then there's her teeth.
Lanie : Every one of them was knocked out of her mouth.
Castle : So much for dental records.
UNK: Well, someone obviously went to great lengths to make sure she disappeared.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : So, none of these guys saw anything.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : They panhandle by day, don't come back here until it's dark.
UNK: Javier Esposito : First guy who showed up said the fire was already going.
UNK: Sounds like a dump job.
UNK: All right, we have a female, she's 5'4".
Beckett : Let's start looking through missing persons reports.
UNK: Wait. You may not have to do that.
Lanie : A titanium screw from her jaw.
Castle : Dental implant.
Lanie : And there's a batch number, which could give us her name.
Ryan : We traced that dental screw to Melanie Rogers, 27.
Ryan : Lived in New Jersey, near Rutgers University,
Ryan : where she was a postdoc engineer in eco-friendly design.
Ryan : By all accounts, she was well-liked, respected.
UNK: No one I spoke to had any idea who could have done this to her.
Castle : What's an engineer from New Jersey doing in a barrel in Lower Manhattan?
Esposito : I don't know, but something was going on with her.
Esposito : I pulled her phone records for yesterday.
UNK: She made a half a dozen calls to the same number in a 20-minute period.
UNK: Richard Castle : - Boyfriend? - Could be.