Beckett : All right, grab Espo and a sketch artist,
Beckett : go down, talk to security at the Widmark.
Beckett : I want a picture of this guy in circulation within the hour.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Kate.
UNK: I was gonna finally put this guy away, Castle.
Beckett : And now I'm protecting the man that murdered my mother.
Gates : Senator, we can provide you with an increased security detail.
Gates : But until we apprehend this man,
Gates : I recommend you postpone your speech.
UNK: Chief Of Staff Evan Howard : Is that really necessary?
UNK: Chief Of Staff Evan Howard : I mean, isn't the threat all but neutralized?
Beckett : But we haven't stopped him.
Beckett : Look, we're talking about someone that is ruthless, methodical,
Beckett : someone that killed Melanie Rogers just to keep her from talking.
Beckett : That suggests a person that is intent on seeing this through...
UNK: Yes, but you just said you could increase his security detail.
Howard : Look, this isn't just any conference.
Howard : The Senator is going to unveil a far-reaching environmental initiative
Howard : that is the cornerstone of his term.
Howard : We have issued dozens of press credentials...
Gates : Senator, I cannot guarantee your safety.
Bracken : I'm speaking at that conference.
Bracken : This keynote address puts me on the national stage.
UNK: I'm not gonna run and hide
UNK: just because some wacko with a notebook made a threat.
Bracken : Now, I suggest that you people do whatever it takes to stop this man.
Bracken : Thank you.
Gates : Very well, Senator. Detective Beckett will need a moment with you.
UNK: Why?
Gates : Because she's leading the investigation.
UNK: Is there some reason why you don't wanna work with Detective Beckett?
Bracken : Let's find somewhere private,
Bracken : shall we, Detective?
UNK: Well.
Bracken : Hard to miss the irony of this situation.
Beckett : Senator Bracken, do you have any enemies?
UNK: Is there anyone that you can think of that would like to kill you?
Bracken : I get threatening letters and e-mails all the time, comes with the office.
Bracken : My chief of staff keeps a file.
Beckett : Anyone with a legitimate claim?
Bracken : A man doesn't get to my position without upsetting people along the way.
Bracken : Most of them aren't crazy enough to wanna try to kill me.
Bracken : Present company excluded.
Beckett : You know, Senator,
UNK: I'm not the one that you should be worried about right now.
Bracken : It's just us here, Detective.
Bracken : A shooter on the loose, me in the crosshairs?