Beckett : To feel the rage towards the person responsible for it.
Beckett : Towards Bracken.
Beckett : He took someone close to me.
Beckett : He killed my mother.
Beckett : And then he went after my friends.
Beckett : Even tried to kill me.
Gates : Is she talking about Bracken?
UNK: She's just trying to get through to him any way she can.
UNK: Robert Mcmanus : The man killed my son.
UNK: Robert Mcmanus : No one cared.
Beckett : I care.
Mcmanus : He needs to pay.
Beckett : Not with a bomb, Robert.
Beckett : You and me, we're not like him. We don't hurt innocent people.
Beckett : Where's the C-4?
Mcmanus : You're trying to confuse me.
UNK: Or trick me into saying something I shouldn't.
Beckett : I'm trying to take down Bracken, same as you.
UNK: And we gotta do it in the right way.
Beckett : You and me are on the same side, Robert.
Mcmanus : You're on his side.
Mcmanus : He controls everybody.
Mcmanus : You're all in his pocket, every last one of you.
Beckett : No, I'm not. I'm just like you, Robert.
Gates : She's losing him.
Mcmanus : You're not like me.
Mcmanus : You're making stuff up. Making up stories.
Mcmanus : If you went through what I went through, you would want to see him dead!
Beckett : Everything that I told you was true.
Beckett : Robert, look at me.
Beckett : Where's the C-4? If that thing goes off, then there's blood on our hands.
Beckett : And I cannot live with that and I know that you can't either.
Gates : Detective, a word.
UNK: Sir!
UNK: Detective!
Beckett : Sir, I can do this. I can reach him...
Gates : It's over, Detective.
Beckett : Just give me another minute.
Gates : I just got a call from the feds.
Gates : They found the bomb.
Gates : McManus rented a box at a post office. The C-4 was there.
Gates : He'd wired it into a vest.
UNK: He also obtained credentials for the conference somehow.
Bracken : Well, thank you, Captain, for everything you've done.
Gates : Well, actually, Detective Beckett deserves most of the credit.
Gates : She led the team.
Gates : Excuse me, Senator.
Gates : Good afternoon, Mr. Mayor.
Bracken : I heard how you led the team.
Bracken : You fired what, two shots from close range and both of them missed?