Castle : Bracken was having an affair with Melanie.
UNK: She must've become a liability.
UNK: Or she stumbled onto something
Beckett : that he was involved in and became a threat.
UNK: So he dealt with her, the same way he dealt with your mother
Castle : and tried to deal with you.
Beckett : This is it, Castle.
Beckett : This is my chance to finally make him pay.
UNK: Yeah, but we have to be cautious.
Castle : We know what happens to people who go after him.
Beckett : Except this time he doesn't know we're on to him.
Beckett : We've got the advantage here.
Castle : Do we?
UNK: What do you think he's gonna do when he sees you coming?
Esposito : How many people you think this bastard
Esposito : put in the ground to get here?
Ryan : Hey, remember, we're only here to see if he can help us locate Melanie.
Esposito : Yeah, yeah. Let him think he got away with it.
UNK: Just like he does everything else.
Esposito : You know, I was really hoping the next time I saw this guy
Esposito : would be down the barrel of my gun.
UNK: You're sure I can't change your mind?
UNK: Benjamin Moss : I could really use your help on this one, Bill.
UNK: Senator William Bracken : I would if I could, you know that.
UNK: You also know how important this legislation is to me.
Butler : Senator, some detectives are here to see you.
Ryan : Sorry to trouble you, Senator. This won't take long.
UNK: Shiela Bracken : What's this about, Bill?
Bracken : I'm not sure.
UNK: You look familiar.
Bracken : Have we met?
Ryan : I don't think so, sir.
UNK: Is there some place we can talk?
Bracken : I'd offer you both a drink, but I get the feeling this is an official call.
Ryan : Well, we'd just like to ask you a few questions about someone.
Ryan : Melanie Rogers?
Bracken : Yeah, sure, I know Melanie. She's a great girl. Is there a problem?
Esposito : She's missing. Since yesterday.
Esposito : She's missing?
Bracken : That's terrible. Whatever I can do to help.
Ryan : When was the last time you saw Ms. Rogers?
Bracken : Just yesterday. We were both attending the same eco-conference in the city.
UNK: Huh. So you ran into her there?
Bracken : No. I'm giving the keynote address and she was helping me with my speech.
Esposito : So she works for you?
Bracken : Not exactly. She agreed to consult with me
Bracken : on a very important piece of legislation that I'm unveiling.
UNK: So she's a non-paid consultant?
Bracken : I suppose.