Julie : We found each other.
Castle : Do you have any idea what your sister was doing in the city yesterday?
Julie : No. She came in from time to time.
Beckett : Do you know if she was dating anyone recently?
Castle : Someone from D.C., perhaps?
Julie : Not that I knew about.
Julie : Although, just two nights ago, she met me for dinner.
Julie : She mentioned meeting a friend afterwards.
Castle : Did she say who?
UNK: I asked, but she said she couldn't talk about it for some reason.
Beckett : So, when you spoke with her yesterday, did it sound like anything was wrong?
Julie : I never spoke to her yesterday.
UNK: Her phone records indicate she called you about 4 : 00.
UNK: 4 : 00? No, I was in a meeting.
Julie : Oh, my God.
Julie : She left a message.
Melanie : Hey. It's me. Listen, I think something is going on.
Melanie : Something's not right. I'm pretty sure someone's after me.
Beckett : She's in a parking structure.
Castle : You can hear two sets of footsteps.
Melanie : If anything happens, tell them "X, T, three."
Tech : That's it.
Beckett : She recorded her own murder.
Castle : Okay, parking structure, letters and numbers.
Castle : Sounds like she's reading off a license plate.
Beckett : Of the guy that was following her. And "X, T, three,"
UNK: I mean, there's gonna be thousands of plates with that partial.
Beckett : Can you play the end again?
Beckett : I thought I heard something after the phone hit the ground.
Melanie : If anything happens, tell them "X, T, three."
Beckett : There. Did you hear that? There's a click.
Tech : Let me see what I can do with that.
UNK: It's a lighter. That's a Zippo lighter.
Castle : So he killed Melanie, and then stopped to have a cigarette?
Beckett : Which means we might be dealing with a psychopath.
Ryan : So that D.C. Number? Looks like whoever owns it was in town.
Ryan : She called it the other night, right after dinner with her sister.
Castle : When she said she was meeting someone.
Ryan : Yeah. That's right. Credit card record says
Ryan : that she was in a cab just a few minutes later.
Ryan : I tracked down the driver,
Ryan : said he dropped her off at the Standish Hotel at 11 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Perhaps she was meeting her Washington friend for a secret tryst?
UNK: It makes sense.
Ryan : The Standish is popular with married men who value discretion.
Castle : Maybe someone at the hotel saw her with him.
Concierge : I'm really not sure.
Concierge : So many people come through here every day.
UNK: Look again. And keep in mind, this is a murder investigation.
Concierge : I might have seen her a few times.
Beckett : What about two nights ago?
UNK: Yes, probably.
Castle : Was she meeting someone?
Beckett : I'm gonna need a name.
Concierge : Look, our clients value their privacy.
Concierge : You're really putting me in an awkward position here.
Becket : You think this is awkward?
UNK: Wait till I get a warrant and start questioning
Becket : all the people that have stayed here over the past year.
UNK: Fine.
Concierge : You didn't hear it from me.
UNK: Richard Castle : It can't be.
Beckett : Melanie was having an affair with Senator Bracken.
Tech : That's it. Esposito's confirmed it.
Beckett : The number that Melanie was calling was Senator Bracken's cell phone.
Castle : Late night phone calls, secret hotel meetings.