UNK: High bilirubin. Could be a liver problem.
House : Nope, transaminases were normal. Could be drugs.
Foreman : She's smoked pot since she was 11.
House : No again. Tox screen was clean.
Foreman : We're doing this case backwards.
Foreman : We do the tests, and then she gets sick?
Cameron : Maybe we did something to her. Maybe she got sick after the tests.
Cameron : We should rerun them.
House : And biopsy a spinal nerve.
Foreman : You want to risk paralysis because she's got a fever?
House : I want to risk paralysis because I don't know what's causing the fever.
House : If it's neurological... It's a fever.
House : In a CIPA patient. Obviously things are a little different in her upstairs wiring.
Chase : And have been since the day she was born.
UNK: Yeah, it's much more likely
House : that whatever it is was cleverly waiting and hiding
House : until you guys were done testing.
Chase : Where are you going?
House : You're all against this, right?
UNK: And you're all gonna stand on principle and refuse to do it, right?
House : I'm going to get Cuddy's approval.
CAMERON : How long are we going to keep Hannah in the dark about her mother?
CHASE : Long as possible.
UNK: Side airbags should be standard.
Chase : I'm sure she'll agree.
Cameron : She should know her mother's situation.
Chase : Breaking that news is that surgeon's problem.
Foreman : Any word from House?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, maybe Cuddy will say no.
Chase : Cuddy never says no.
Cameron : That's not true.
Chase : Nobody ever says no. We don't say no.
Foreman : You don't say no.
Chase : He'll come back. He'll browbeat us.
Chase : He'll give us seven reasons, and eventually we'll fold. We all will, not just me.
Chase : The only way we can avoid biopsying this kid's spine
Chase : is to find the answer some other way.
Foreman : All the tests were negative.
Chase : We need a better history.
Cameron : How much more paperwork do you need?
Cameron : We've got pediatric records, a few dozen ER records,
Cameron : our own admission questionnaire.
Chase : What's the first question?
Cameron : Insurance coverage.
Chase : Okay, second question.
Foreman : Just make your point.
UNK: "Where does it hurt?"
Chase : If we knew where it hurt, we could diagnose her.
Foreman : You do know CIPA means she can't feel pain.
Chase : No, CIPA means she's insensitive to pain.
Chase : She still has scattered nerve fibers that could conduct pain,
Chase : but the signals don't make it to the brain.
Chase : What if we give her more pain signals, a lot more pain signals?
Chase : Maybe some of them will make it through.
Cameron : You want to torture her?
UNK: No.
Chase : Yes, we do this to anybody else, it's torture.
Chase : Doing it to her is no different than pricking a finger.
Chase : We keep poking sharp sticks into her,
Chase : eventually we'll find the part that's already tender.
Don : So what does a Dean of Medicine do?
Cuddy : Oh, can we please not talk about that?
Cuddy : I will talk about anything else. I'm just trying to get away from work.
UNK: Metaphorically, because geographically, the coffee place
Don : around the corner from the hospital probably isn't the furthest you could get.
Cuddy : Well, the snow!
UNK: The roads are clearing,
Don : but it's a good place to beat a retreat from.
Don : You usually expect your dates to go wrong?
Cuddy : Experience has taught me to have an escape route.
Don : Well, low expectations, that's in my favor.
Cuddy : Whatever happens, I need you to understand
Cuddy : that there are certain aspects to my life I'm not happy about.
UNK: Need a nerve biopsy.
Cuddy : And you had to come here personally to tell me that?
Cuddy : And how did you even know I was here?
House : I had to bring the file,
UNK: and this was the most noncommittal location in walking distance.
House : You left your car keys in your desk. Greg House.
House : You two must have met online.
House : Either that, or you've got a friend who secretly hates you.
Don : Don Herrick.
Don : Yeah, we connected through SingleBallroomDanceLovers. Com.
House : Why would he volunteer that information?
Don : Why would I hide it?
House : You didn't tell him that anything he said would be held against you?
House : So what line of work are you in?
Don : Auto maintenance, changing oil and filters.