UNK: It's okay. What did you feel?
Foreman : Where did you feel it? Hannah, I need to know how it hurt.
UNK: Hannah!
Wilson : I am so tired of this. Did you know
Wilson : that the new nurse from Cardiology is sleeping with that weird lawyer
Wilson : from the board?
UNK: The guy with 11 fingers?
UNK: He has 11 fingers?
House : How do you not notice that?
Wilson : The nurse used to be a man.
House : She's not anymore? But we can't talk about that.
House : I thought we were. We were supposed to talk about that.
Wilson : I came here to talk about that, but on the way up, I ran into Cameron.
Wilson : You've got a CIPA patient?
House : Tranny nurse is more interesting.
Wilson : Oh, it's way more interesting, but instead I've got to be your damn conscience.
Wilson : I'm tired of being your conscience. I don't enjoy being your conscience.
House : No one enjoys... You're studying her.
House : She's actually sick.
Wilson : Which you found out after you took her on.
House : I was curious. Since I'm not a cat, that's not dangerous.
Wilson : I don't think that metaphor was designed to actually warn cats.
Wilson : You don't care about her illness. You care about CIPA,
Wilson : which means your focus is gonna be on getting your answers, not hers.
House : Thank you. Forewarned is forearmed.
Wilson : What do you think you're gonna figure out?
UNK: Do you think her lack of pain is somehow the answer to your pain?
House : I think if you'd stop talking to Cameron,
House : then right now we could be ranking nurses in order of do-ability.
Cuddy : I need you. What did the nerve biopsy show?
Foreman : Never did it. Well, then do it.
UNK: Can't. Why?
UNK: She's gonna jump off the lobby balcony.
House : You think I can catch her?
Hannah : Get away from me! I'm not gonna hurt you.
Hannah : Yes, you are. You're just jealous I can do anything.
Cameron : Hannah, you're having a paranoid delusion.
Hannah : I don't believe you.
UNK: Did you think she would?
Hannah : This is real. You want me to be in pain. You even said so.
Chase : If we wanted to hurt you, we'd let you jump.
Hannah : Just let me see my mother.
Cameron : Fine, we'll take you to our OR observation room.
Hannah : I don't believe you! Your mother is fine.
Foreman : I just spoke to her surgeon. I don't believe you!
Chase : Hannah, what do you want from us? What do you want us to do?
Hannah : I can't feel my legs.
Foreman : You're trying to pull the same stunt twice in 10 minutes.
Hannah : I'm not pretending. They don't hurt. They're just... They're...
UNK: Anything? We're not looking for pain.
Cameron : Anything at all? Pressure?
UNK: Nothing.
Cameron : You have six broken bones, a fever, a concussion, erratic heart rhythms
Cameron : and a complete lack of sensation below the waist.
Hannah : I feel fine.
Hannah : Is my mother out of surgery yet?
Cameron : Not yet.
House : This is excellent.
Cameron : The paranoia seems to have dissipated,
Cameron : but her vitals keep getting worse. She could be dead in hours.
UNK: But if you're gonna die a miserable, lingering death, pain-free is the way to do it.
House : Are we sure the fall didn't cause the paralysis?
Chase : The paralysis caused the fall. Spine's clean. No vertebral fractures
Chase : or spinal cord compression.
House : Even better.