Wilson : Did you know they recently found a protein that speeds up nerve growth?
Wilson : Fascinating stuff. If you put that protein
Wilson : with the insulation from a spinal nerve,
Wilson : you could grow your own little garden. If that spinal nerve...
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah, if it happened to come from a person with CIPA,
UNK: I can grow pain-free nerves and graft them into my own leg. What an evil plan!
Wilson : You'd have to be on immunosuppressors for life.
Wilson : Risk of infection, shorter lifespan...
House : Shorter but normal.
Wilson : Usually jealousy expresses itself by trying to destroy what someone has.
Wilson : You're more ambitious. You actually want to change medical fact
Wilson : to get this thing...
Wilson : Medical fact changes all the time.
Wilson : You're risking your patient's life.
House : That's how medical fact changes.
House : A doctor risks...
Wilson : To serve their patient's health,
Wilson : not their own.
House : This is medically justified.
Wilson : Are you sure? Are you sure that you're the right one to be making this call?
House : Biopsy whatever nerve you figure you could safely get at.
House : God, Wilson's annoying.
UNK: Past 3 : 00 a.m. On Valentine's Day night.
Cameron : I assume you had a date with Wendy.
Foreman : She'll survive. She knows the deal.
Cameron : You're lucky. I know.
Cameron : Someday, when there's time, I would like to actually have a social life.
Foreman : Someday? Come on.
Foreman : If there's one thing a good-looking woman can have whenever she wants,
Foreman : it's a social life.
Cameron : You mean a sex life.
Foreman : There's nothing wrong with a little companionship
UNK: until the real thing comes along.
Cameron : I had the real thing.
Cameron : Forgive me if I don't want to settle.
UNK: Right. What does that mean?
UNK: Nothing.
Cameron : You think I didn't have the real thing?
Foreman : I have no idea what you had.
Cameron : And yet you're judging it.
Foreman : It's late. I'm cranky. Sorry.
Cameron : I didn't have the real thing.
Cameron : How could you even know?
Foreman : You married a dying man.
Foreman : You thought, "Six months, a year, it'll be tough,
UNK: "but then I'll recover, and I'll have the rest of my life."
Foreman : It's like willingly getting the flu or joining the Peace Corps, short-term.
Cameron : Wow, you nailed it. It's basically like a wasted weekend.
Foreman : The sacrifices you made were huge, but they were at the height of your love for him.
Foreman : Commitment is only commitment because it has no expiration date.
Foreman : You stand next to someone and watch them floss for 30 years like my parents have,
Foreman : then ask for sacrifices. That's how you know the real thing.
Foreman : Cameron, I wasn't criticizing you.
Foreman : People who avoid commitment are people who know what a big thing it is.
Cameron : This isn't right.
Foreman : CIPA can't cause this much degeneration.
Chase : A few nerve fibers we teased out of the center have some insulation left,
Chase : but the insulation around the bundles has been stripped bare.
UNK: Means the damage must be coming from the outside in.
House : Which means it's secondary demyelination, which means the source is somewhere else,
House : which tells us it's not a nerve disease.
House : It's something systemic that's affecting the nerves,
UNK: which means that we need to...
Chase : Where are you going?
Cameron : Kid's mom is finally out of surgery.
House : I'll be right back.
Don : So what?
Cameron : Hannah should see her.
House : Yes, immediately after we're done chatting about saving her life.
House : Most likely causes are metabolic.
Cameron : They found brain swelling. They're prepping her mother for another surgery.
House : Again, so what? Get a nurse to take the kid.
House : There are more than 60 different metabolic conditions
House : that could account for what she's got. There's only three of you guys.
Cameron : She's scared. She should be.
House : She'll die if we don't diagnose her.
Cameron : So diagnose her.
UNK: Mom?