House : you'd be wearing a look of desperation.
Chase : Spiking on leads C-3 and O-2.
Cameron : She could be going into a seizure.
HANNAH : Hello? I think there's a simpler explanation.
UNK: You're not gonna find anything. I'm fine! I want to see my mom!
House : So sedate her.
Foreman : She won't consent.
House : She's a teenager.
Foreman : No dad. Mom's still in surgery.
Foreman : What do you want us to do? Hold her down?
House : Well, only until you inject her with a sedative. Then you can let her go.
Foreman : We tried.
UNK: Seriously?
Foreman : She's strong and doesn't care. We'd have broken something
UNK: before we can get her to sit still enough to inject her.
House : So break her arm. She won't mind.
Foreman : You're cranky. I'm in pain.
Foreman : Come on, let's go break her arm.
House : Nurse Shortie, your biznitch, how long are you going to waste her time?
Foreman : I'm so glad we're walking somewhere.
UNK: Another 60 feet, and this conversation is over.
House : When you guys are out of this program, Cameron will find somebody,
House : Chase will find eight somebodies, and you'll be alone.
Foreman : Thirty feet. You'll date, and you'll date,
House : but you're the ultimate Darwinian. You have to fight for everything.
House : Anybody else would just slow you down. Yeah.
Foreman : I'm still with her, aren't I?
UNK: Yeah.
House : I can only imagine it's because she hasn't given you an excuse to break up,
House : and you don't have the guts to recognize your own reality.
Hannah : I want to see my mother.
House : Hi again.
UNK: I'm sure I could say this without being condescending,
House : but then you'd get the false impression that I respect you,
UNK: so you're a kid, you're scared, you're stalling, grow up.
Hannah : I'm not scared. I'm never scared.
House : See? How juvenile was that?
House : You can't feel pain. Nothing left but pleasure.
House : Why don't you tell me how wonderful that is?
Hannah : It sucks.
House : Better than being in pain all the time.
House : Get in the chair.
Hannah : Every morning, I have to check my eyes
House : to make sure I didn't scratch a cornea in my sleep.
House : Oh, God, stop. I'm in a pool of tears here.
Hannah : I can't cry.
House : Neither can I.
Hannah : Every morning, I check my eyes for jaundice
House : in case the Vicodin's finally shot my liver.
Hannah : I can't run anywhere without examining all my toes
Hannah : for swelling. I can't run.
Hannah : Boys can't hold me for too long because I can overheat.
House : Girls can't hold me for too long because I only pay for an hour.
Hannah : I need an alarm on my watch to remind me to go to the bathroom.
Hannah : Know how many humiliating experiences before I thought of that?
UNK: Bathroom is 50 feet from my office. Every drink of water,
House : I weigh the pros and cons.
UNK: After everything I do, I self-check.
UNK: Mouth, tongue, gums for cuts, count teeth, check temperature,
UNK: fingers, toes and joints for swelling, skin for bruises.
House : I got shot.
UNK: I sat on a stove when I was three. Want to see the coil marks?
UNK: Yeah. You think I'm lying?
House : as your people would say?
House : Put her in the chair and run the damn test. If she moves again, give her nitrous.
Cameron : You weren't shot because of leg pain. You were shot because you're a jerk.
House : Some think the two are connected.
Hannah : He didn't have to do that.
Cameron : Yeah, he did.
Hannah : I'm sick?
Cameron : No, your EEG was normal.
UNK: X-ray showed no break.
UNK: Blood tests showed no infections. Urine indicated no...
UNK: Hannah?
Cameron : Call a code! Oh, God.
Cameron : Need ice packs and cooling blankets.
Cameron : Got saline in there? She's not flushed.
UNK: She's not sweating. You must be...
Cameron : She has a temperature of 105.
House : Wow, she's actually sick.
UNK: We got her temperature down below boiling. It could be infection.
House : No, LP showed normal proteins and no white blood cells.