Robin : Mm-hmm. You, too. Yeah.
UNK: pats Robin twice
whispers : You owe me one.
Barney : Man, isn't this place great?
Jerry : Uh, I don't know. It's so loud!
Marshall : And so bourgeois.
Marshall : Many of plays are about the bourgeois.
Marshall : And ennui.
Marshall : And one rock opera about...
Marshall : a frozen yogurt shop.
Barney : Uh, L-Lily, uh, talk about your open marriage.
Lily : Okay. Well, after a long day of style meetings
Lily : and photo shoots
Lily : and being way too mean
Lily : to my assistant,
Lily : I sometimes bang an underwear model.
Jerry : My goodness!
Marshall : I sleep around, too.
Marshall : Just as much.
Marshall : A little more, even.
Lily : Oh, uh, only 'cause you have nothing to do all day.
Marshall : Are we having this fight again?
Marshall : Writing plays is a real job!
Lily : I work 90 hours a week subsidizing your "real job."
Marshall : I won a Tony!
Lily : I brought French cooking to America!
Barney : What?
Barney : Let's do shots. Uh, no, thank you, Barney.
Jerry : I have that fishing trip with J.J. early tomorrow.
UNK: I-I better take it easy. No.
Barney : Don't you remember what you said to me when I was a kid?
Barney : "Never stop partying."
UNK: I said that?
UNK: Jerry, looking horrified : To a six-year-old?
UNK: Jerry, looking horrified : I don't remember that.
Barney : You don't remember the last thing
Barney : you said to me when I was a kid?
Barney : Well...
Barney : you know, why don't you just go back home?
Jerry : But I want to hang out with you.
Barney : Yeah, well, I want to hang out with Crazy Jerry,
Barney : not Stay-at-Home Jerome.
Jerry : Fine.
Jerry : You want Crazy Jerry?
Jerry : There! You got him!
Jerry : I apologize-- it might take a few minutes to kick in.
Barney : Oh... Oh...
UNK: others talking at once
Jerry : Hey, sugar! Five beers for the table,
Jerry : a Seven-and-Seven for me,
Jerry : and your ten digits for this guy here!
Jerry : Tonight Crazy Jerry's gonna burn this disco down!
JERRY : Whoo! Wa-hah!
Barney : Can you believe it?
Barney : This is awesome! Barney,
UNK: how is that awesome?
UNK: ? ?
Barney : I finally know what it's like to be embarrassed by my dad.
Marshall : So you really believe
Marshall : that if we were in an open marriage
Marshall : that you would do better than me? Hey,
Lily : you do better than me at a lot of other things,
Lily : like digesting dairy...
Lily : and reaching for stuff.
Marhsall : Okay, you know what?
Marhsall : Game on.
Marhsall : If I can score five numbers before you can,
UNK: then we have sex in the bathroom.
Jerry : But...
Marhsall : if you can score five numbers before me,
UNK: then we have sex in the bathroom.
Lily : So our usual wager.
Lily : Deal.
Barney : Hey, uh, hey, Jerry,
UNK: y-you really want to be out here like this?
Jerry : Oh, sorry, small-town preacher from the Midwest,
Jerry : is there a law against dancing?
Barney : No, of course not. I-I just...
Jerry : Oh, this club blows.
Jerry : Let's hit the greatest party in the world,
Jerry : the streets of New York!
Barney : Yeah! Let's do it! Yeah!
Barney : Uh, maybe fix the tie.
Barney : But mostly, party!
Robin : Okay, Jerry's gone; let's break up.
Ted : Okay. "I would have stolen you a whole orchestra."
Ted : There. What's the rush?
Robin : Well, that guy who came over here who thinks we're dating,
Robin : I kind of have a crush on him.
Robin : Can you help me clear it up?
Ted : Really? That guy?
Ted : He was, like, a four.
Robin : A four? God, you are, like, the worst judge of guys ever.
Robin : Okay, if he is a four, what are you?
Ted : Hey!
Ted : I'm not perfect; I'm an eight...
Ted : and a half.
Robin : You're a doofus and a half.
Ted : Fine. Let's go talk to him.
Ted : Where'd you meet this booger-eater anyway?
Robin : At a close-out sale at Dawes.
Ted : Really? I remember that sale.
TED : Hey, Robin.
Robin : Oh, Ted. Oh, no.
Ted : Look what I just bought.