UNK: Jerry, laughing : so that I'll know that you won't forget me.
UNK: Jerry, laughing : See you, buddy.
UNK: Jerry, laughing : And hey...
UNK: Jerry, laughing : Never... stop... partying.
NARRATOR : Kids, in 1983, Barney watched his father
UNK: walk out of his life.
UNK: And in 2011, when their first reunion ended badly...
Jerry : I'd love nothing more than to be a part of your life.
NARRATOR : This time it was Barney who did the walking.
Jerry : Bye.
NARRATOR : And that was almost the end of it.
UNK: Except, a few weeks later...
Barney : I am so angry at my dad!
Barney : Guess who called me today.
Barney : Go on, guess. Mmm.
Marshall : Your dad? My dad!
Barney : Barney Stinson.
Jerry : Hi, Barney. It's your dad.
Jerry : Look, would you like to go fishing
Jerry : with me and J.J. on Sunday morning?
Barney : Ooh, hold on, let me check my personality.
Barney : Oh, no. Turns out I would never do that in a million years.
Jerry : Barney, look...
Jerry : I know you're disappointed that your dad is just...
Jerry : a boring old driving instructor from the suburbs.
Jerry : But that guy I used to be-- "Crazy Jerry"?
Jerry : He was bad news!
Jerry : Drinking, partying, sleeping around.
Jerry : The party can't go on forever.
Jerry : You're 35; I'm-I'm sure you're starting
Jerry : to realize that, right?
Barney : You do not know how right you are.
Barney : Zero right!
Barney : We're not getting too old for anything. TED : You sure?
Ted : I feel like we collectively learn the opposite lesson,
Ted : like, at least once a year.
UNK: chuckling
Barney : I have to face an ugly truth.
Barney : Jerry Whittaker, my own father,
Barney : is anti-awesome-etic.
Jerry : I know
Barney : Crazy Jerry's still in there somewhere,
Barney : but he's trapped under 20 years of lawnmower parties
Barney : and carpool barbecues. ROBIN : Wow,
Robin : you know nothing about the suburbs.
Barney : Well, this Saturday night, I am bustin' him out.
UNK: Jerry, laughing : I'm gonna
Barney : make Jerry realize he was wrong
Barney : about giving up his old life by showing him
Barney : the awesomest night of all time.
Barney : And for the awesomest night
Barney : of all time, I'm going to need the awesomest friends
Barney : of all time.
Barney : Okay, who do I know?
Barney : Guys...!
Barney : Do any of you know George Clooney?
Barney : Okay, my dad's almost here.
Barney : I need everything to be
Barney : as awesome as possible tonight.
Lily : That's why you brought these guys.
Barney : No. That's why I brought these guys.
Barney : I've made some
Barney : minor improvements to your identities.
Barney : Uh. Mm!
Barney : You'll find them on these cards.
Marshall : Improvements?! BARNEY : Yeah.
Marshall : Bro, we are already the four
Marshall : jiggity-jamminest dudes and dudettes this side of...
Marshall : Okay, let's see the cards.
Barney : Robin, no one watches the news
Barney : unless it's a car chase or a nip slip.
Barney : You are now
Barney : a professional scotch taster.
Barney : Mm!
Barney : Lily, Jerry needs to learn that other lifestyles
Barney : are just as fulfilling as monogamy,
Barney : so now you and Marshall are in an open marriage.
Lily : Whoo-hoo! Gross!
Barney : Also, Marshall, you can't just be unemployed,
Barney : so you are now
Barney : a gin-swilling, womanizing playwright.
Barney : And, Ted, just be yourself.
Barney : chuckles Just kidding.
Barney : Here's a giant pile of topics you should avoid talking about.
Ted : Well. Well, this could actually be fun.
Ted : In fact, I believe it was Oscar Wilde who said,
Ted : "Man is least himself when he talks..."
Barney : Ted, card. Ah.
Ted : You're right-- "No quoting Oscar Wilde."
Barney : Finally...
Barney : Robin, you're dating Ted.
Robin : Aw, man!
Robin : Why?
BARNEY : I can't have
Barney : any single female friends lying around.
Barney : My dad'll be all, "Why don't you marry Robin?
UNK: "You guys are cute together. Deep down, you know
Barney : you were never happier than when you were with her."
Barney : Uh...
Barney : chuckles no, thanks.
Lily : Hey, Barney-- love the new identities.
Lily : Little thing-- instead of being a naked super ninja,
Lily : can I be Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada?
Ted : How good was that movie? Oh, my God.
UNK: others talking at once
Jerry : And...
Barney : hence new identities.
NARRATOR : And so Barney's dad finally showed up.
Barney : Jerry, you remember Marshall-- he's a well-known writer.
Barney : Playwright. We're all writers,
Marshall : just some of us don't know what our story is yet.
Barney : Lily, his wife.