chuckling : Wow.
UNK: Ted, chuckling : Wardrobe malfunction at the O.K. Corral!
UNK: Ted, chuckling : I mean, who in their right mind would ever...
Woman : You would look so totally hot in those.
Ted : Do you have these in a size 11?
Robin : So get off the field at the Superdome,
Robin : because you ain't no saint.
Robin : Hello.
Robin : I, uh... Oh.
Marshall : Hi, Robin.
Marshall : Could I have your phone number?
Barney : We need someplace to hide. Where?
Barney : No, Jerry, this is not the time to go to another club!
Barney : We've got to get you back home in time for that trip.
Barney : But there's no more trains, there's no cabs.
Jerry : Well, uh...
Jerry : I do have a few driving students in the city.
Barney : Step on it! Jerry... Do not step on it.
Barney : Jerry, we have got to get you home
Barney : in time for that fishing trip.
Jerry : ...the laws are there to protect...
Barney : This is no time for laws! Buckle up, Barney.
Barney : I am not going to buckle up! I am your father! You will listen to me!
Ted : Hey! How's the open marriage going?
Ted : Who was the first one to get the five numbers?
Lily : I won that race.
Lily : My prize-- sex in the bathroom.
UNK: And I won that race.
Lily : Aw, sorry that secret crush didn't work out for you.
Robin : Oh, it's okay. I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Lily : Why are you smiling?
Jerry : I don't know.
Robin : Good night.
UNK: Man, on the phone : Saw that girl again.
UNK: Man, on the phone : And guess what? She's engaged.
UNK: Man, on the phone : So that's the end of that.
NARRATOR : It wasn't the end of that. More on that later.
Barney : How did you do it?
Jerry : Do what?
Barney : How did you become this?
Barney : I mean, I love my life, but...
UNK: I'm not sure I like loving it.
Barney : Sure, strip clubs... You're drifting.
Barney : Hey, I'm trying to open up to you...
Jerry : No, Mrs. Perkins, you're drifting!
Jerry : Go on, Barney.
Barney : When I think about going for anything more than that,
Barney : I look at my life, and who I am, and...
Barney : I'm too far gone.
Barney : I'm broken.
Jerry : Son, I was far more broken than you'll ever be.
Jerry : And look at me now.
Jerry : Don't get me wrong-- settling down is... a challenge.
Jerry : It's the biggest challenge of your life.
Barney : So how do you do it?
Jerry : A magician never reveals his greatest trick.
Jerry : But I'll give you a hint.
Jerry : You gotta meet the right girl.
Jerry : Who knows?
Jerry : Maybe you'll meet her tomorrow.
Barney : Maybe I've met her already.
Jerry : And park. And emergency brake.
Jerry : I did have a good time tonight.
UNK: Jerry, laughing : And hey, if you want to
Jerry : go fishing, we got room in the boat.
Barney : Maybe some other time.
Barney : Okay.
Jerry : Oh, and, uh...
Jerry : thanks for taking such good care of this.
Jerry : It means a lot to me that you kept it safe all these years.
Barney : I'm going fishing with my dad.
UNK: inhales deeply, exhales
Jerry : This...
Barney : sucks.
UNK: == sync, corrected by BigAditya ==