UNK: Javier Esposito : You sure this is where she said she was going?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, 9th and Jane.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Tory said she still can't get a trace on Beckett's phone.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Says it's either been turned off or disabled.
Castle : There. There's her car.
Castle : They want us to know they have her.
UNK: Damn it. All right, let's get CSU down here.
UNK: Call in a 10-45.
Esposito : I want every available unit canvassing. Ask everyone questions.
UNK: Somebody had to have seen her.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna dig into all security and traffic cams in the area.
UNK: Any ATMs, businesses, anything with eyes on the street! Go, go, go!
UNK: Castle!
Castle : It's him. Boudreau, Tyson,
Castle : whatever he's calling himself, it's him and it's Nieman.
Ryan : But they were in the precinct with us.
Castle : Giving them the perfect alibi.
Castle : Meanwhile, they use Amy Barrett as bait to draw Beckett out.
Ryan : You think Barrett was involved in this?
Esposito : Or she's a victim too.
Castle : We need to find Nieman and we need to find Boudreau.
UNK: Mr. Boudreau, open up!
Ryan : Mr. Boudreau, shortly after leaving to meet with your friend, Amy Barrett,
Ryan : one of our detectives went missing.
UNK: So?
Castle : So, where is she?
Tyson : I don't know. I've been in police custody until an hour ago.
Castle : Giving you the perfect alibi.
UNK: Maybe I have an alibi because I didn't do anything wrong.
UNK: Then why don't you let us in?
UNK: Fine.
Castle : Beckett? Beckett?
Tyson : Come on, man. Nobody's here. It's just me.
UNK: - What'd you do to her, Tyson? - Where are you keeping her?
Tyson : I'm not keeping her anywhere, and I'm not Jerry Tyson.
Tyson : No, no! Come on! No, you can't do this!
Tyson : You can't just come in here threatening me!
Castle : I know it's you! I know it's you.
Ryan : You're not helping her. Not like that.
Castle : So what? We just let him kill her?
Ryan : No. But Castle, we can't do anything if we don't have anything.
Castle : It's him, Kevin. It's Tyson.
Ryan : We need to prove it.
Ryan : We'll put units on him, put him under the microscope.