Meredith : I should point out that there's absolutely nothing you could say
Meredith : that would make me go upstairs with you.
Meredith : I'm kind of offended that you think that I would go upstairs with you.
Meredith : And you should know that I am celibate. So...
Meredith : Shut up.
Meredith : I absolutely cannot have...
UNK: sex with you.
Finn : If you choose door number one, I absolutely will not have sex with you.
Meredith : - You won't? - I promise I won't.
Finn : - I won't even try to kiss you. - Why not?
Meredith : - Meredith. - What?
Finn : Choose door number one.
UNK: A wise man once said, "You can have anything in life,
UNK: if you will sacrifice everything else for it. "
George : I hope it works. You changing your life.
UNK: Ms. Graber : So do I.
Finn : OK.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Hey, George.
UNK: Ms. Graber : I don't know much, but I do know fighting.
UNK: Ms. Graber : And people who fight like you and Izzie... those people love each other.
UNK: Ms. Graber : She misses her friend.
UNK: What he meant is, nothing comes without a price.
Alex : The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
UNK: So before you go into battle, you better decide how much you're willing to lose.
Addison : Dr. Karev.
Addison : You did such a good job today that I'm going to talk to Dr. Bailey
Addison : and have you assigned to my service.
Alex : - What? For how long? - For as long as I want.
Addison : Your ass is mine until I say otherwise. Congratulations.
Izzie : You got it.
Denny : I did indeed.
Izzie : And you're OK?
Denny : Are you kidding me? I'm great.
Denny : I mean look at this. Some nice-sized batteries. Colorful wires.
UNK: It's what your best-dressed LVAD patients are wearing these days.
Izzie : Really? Because it seems so last fall.
Izzie : You're tall.
UNK: Ms. Graber : I know.
UNK: Too often, going after what feels good,
UNK: means letting go of what you know is right.
Cristina : You did everything you could.
Burke : There was an interview that Eugene gave.
Burke : I saved it.
Burke : I taped it to my bathroom mirror.
Burke : He said that he wasn't the most talented student at music school.
Burke : But he said what he lacked in natural ability
Burke : he made up for in discipline.
Burke : He practiced.
Izzie : All the time.
Burke : All the time, he practiced.
Burke : I wasn't like you.
Burke : I wasn't the most talented student in school.
Burke : I wasn't the brightest.
Burke : But I was the best.
Cristina : You practiced.
Burke : I practiced.
UNK: And letting someone in
UNK: means abandoning the walls you've spent a lifetime building.
Derek : He was listless and hadn't eaten all day.
UNK: Oh, no. Let's have a look.
UNK: Of course the toughest sacrifices are the ones we don't see coming.
Derek : Hey.
Derek : Hey.
Meredith : - Is he sick again? - Yeah.
Izzie : - George! Hey. - Hey.
Izzie : - Oh, hi. - Hey.
George : So we spent the night at Callie's last night,
George : so we figured we'd just spend the night here.
UNK: Um, OK. So, um... you're back then just... for tonight?
George : Well, Callie's here for the night.
UNK: I'm, uh... I don't know.
George : It's my room, you know. I pay rent.
Izzie : Welcome home.
UNK: When we don't have time to come up with a strategy,
UNK: to pick a side or to measure the potential loss.
Addison : You would not believe the day I had.
Addison : I went out of my way to give a patient exactly what she wants,
Addison : only to have it explode in my face.
Addison : I mean, lawsuit, threats. Richard's pissed.
UNK: - Don't get me started about Alex Karev. - Get in the shower.
Cristina : - What? - Get in the shower with me.
Addison : - Honey, it's a very small shower. - You want to have hot sex?
UNK: Thank you!
UNK: When that happens, when the battle chooses us,
UNK: and not the other way around,
UNK: that's when the sacrifice can turn out to be more than we can bear.