Burke : We got to tamponade.
Nurse : - BP's not registering. - Keep transfusing PRBCs.
Burke : He has a full ventricular perforation. Hand me a 20 prolene. Cristina.
Burke : Replace my hand with yours.
Burke : Yes. And hold on for dear life.
Izzie : - You didn't want to hear it. - Yes, I...
UNK: Ms. Graber : - Oh, some denial. I can work with that. - You wanted to keep on loving her.
Meredith : - Should we intubate? - We'll call respiratory to do it.
UNK: Mr. Ward : Rose says it's a blessing. It's God's will. Maybe it is.
Alex : Maybe it is. A blessing, I mean. This complication.
Cristina : - His heart's not moving. - Keep compressing as I was.
Doctor : No signs of life. Blood pressure is nonexistent.
Richard : - OK, the tubing could be kinked. - I got this.
Richard : - It doesn't look like you've got this. - I've got this!
Izzie : Oh, my God! You knew the risks!
UNK: - That she was in love with someone. - I'm getting an aura.
Izzie : No! I am not saying that what she did wasn't wrong.
Izzie : - You need to take... - She's seizing! Go page Shepherd.
Alex : This complication might be God's way of helping you
Alex : - put your seven kids through college. - What are you saying?
Alex : I'm saying get a lawyer.
UNK: Time of death : 18 : 32.
Meredith : Everything looks good, Denny.
UNK: Well, you got to thank Dr. Bailey for me.
Denny : I already thanked her once, but this here deserves a double-scoop.
Meredith : I know I don't know you very well.
Denny : You want to talk to me about Izzie?
Derek : Yeah.
Denny : - Because you disapprove? - No.
Meredith : This comes from nothing resembling a high horse.
Meredith : High horses want nothing to do with me.
Meredith : You know, this thing with you and Izzie, it's...
Meredith : There are strict rules about doctors dating patients.
Denny : You know Izzie pretty well, right?
Denny : You think if I went to her and I said,
Denny : "Hey, you know, this is going to be really bad for your career. "
Denny : "You probably shouldn't come and see me anymore,"
Denny : You think that'll have any effect at all?
Denny : The thing is, I was healthy my whole life until I wasn't.
Denny : And for the last year, I've had a lot of time to lay around in bed
Denny : and think about my life.
Denny : And the things that I remember best?
Denny : Well, those are the things that I wasn't supposed to do and I did them anyway.
Denny : So the thing is, Meredith...
Denny : life is too damn short to be following these rules.
Bailey : May I ask what motive you had for undermining my authority
Bailey : - in front of my patient and intern? - I'm not punishing you, Dr. Bailey.
Bailey : But you are. I mean, I had a baby. And so you are.
Richard : And now you're sleep deprived.
UNK: Every doctor here is sleep deprived.
Richard : You just came back from maternity leave,
Richard : and I'm not convinced you're on your game.
Richard : This is not a punishment or a reflection on how highly I value you.
Richard : It's just the way it is.
Nurse : I'm sorry to interrupt, Chief. That man is asking to talk to you.
UNK: Mr. Ward : Excuse me.
UNK: We're closed.
Derek : Hey.
Finn : I thought you were knitting a sweater.
Meredith : I am. But I'm also dating.
Meredith : You. If you still want to.