Alex : CBC and CHEM-7 look fine.
Addison : Rose?
Rose : I'm sorry.
Rose : I'm so tired.
Addison : Well, you know, six kids, 38 weeks pregnant.
Addison : - A saint would be tired. - Well... I'm no saint.
Rose : This baby, Joseph...
Rose : Dr. Shepherd, I need him to be my last.
Rose : And I really seem to be the most fertile woman on the planet.
Addison : If you're interested in other forms of birth control...
Rose : No. What I mean is...
Rose : today, during the C-section, I need you to tie my tubes.
Rose : And I need you to do it without my husband ever knowing.
Addison : Rose, you're an adult. He's your husband, not your legal guardian.
Addison : Telling him would be entirely up to you.
Rose : No, if you charged my insurance he would see it.
Rose : Any bill you sent, he would see it.
Rose : I've been saving for this and I can pay you privately.
Addison : So you're saying you want me to do the surgery and leave no record of it?
Alex : Mrs. Ward, if you're being abused, there are people you can talk to.
Rose : Oh. Chris is... He's the opposite of abusive.
Alex : If we pull up your medical records we won't find broken bones or...
Rose : If you pull up my medical records, you'll find three natural child births,
Rose : three C-sections, two hospital stays for exhaustion,
Rose : and one for dehydration because I was so busy chasing my kids around
Rose : I forgot to take a sip of water for three days.
Rose : I think God understands what I'm going through.
Rose : And I think God will forgive me.
UNK: But Chris... For him, religion isn't like a buffet table
Rose : where you get to choose what you want to take and leave the rest.
Rose : And the Pope says no to birth control, so... I need your help.
Alex : You don't need our help. He's not abusing you.
Alex : And you don't get to lie to him and blame it on the Pope.
Addison : Dr. Karev.
Alex : No offense, but I have no interest in obstetrics or gynecology.
Alex : So if you want to throw me off the case, feel free.
UNK: Dr. Karev, I may be a board-certified OBIG YN
Addison : but I also have fellowships in maternal-fetal medicine
Addison : and medical genetics
Addison : and I'm one of the foremost neonatal surgeons in this country.
Addison : When you can top that, you can mouth off.
Addison : Until then, you will do your job and you will do it right,
Addison : which at this point in time means you keep your mouth shut
Addison : unless I give you permission to open it. Understood?
Addison : - Understood? - Oh, are you giving me permission now?
Derek : Good morning, Ms. Graber.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Oh, really? "Good morning?" You haven't let me sleep in three nights.
UNK: This hat is destroying my self-esteem and I haven't had a seizure.
UNK: But we'll go with "Good morning" if it makes you feel better.
UNK: Ms. Graber is here for brain-mapping. Dr. Stevens?
UNK: Brain mapping is where you locate the area of the brain
UNK: where the seizures originate and remove it with minimal damage to tissue.
Derek : Excellent.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Except for the fact that it's not working, and I'm losing billable hours.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Unless any of you are looking to get out of a bad marriage?
MVO : - No. - Dr. Shepherd?
Derek : Yes. No. I'm fine, thank you.
UNK: Ms. Graber : - Really? - Yes.
UNK: - I'm a good divorce attorney. - I'm sure.
UNK: Ms. Graber : And there was a look. Between these two.
Derek : - A look? - No. No look.
UNK: Ms. Graber : What is it? You married young and now you have nothing in common?
UNK: Ms. Graber : Oh, no, don't tell me. I know.
UNK: Ms. Graber : The conversation is still good but the sex has gone to pot.