Denny : I've got 20 tubes coming out of my body,
Denny : one of which goes directly into my you-know-what.
Denny : At some point I'd like to use that you-know-what
Denny : for something besides peeing into a bag.
Denny : Like, for instance, peeing into a toilet.
Meredith : It's just...
Denny : Izzie gave me medical advice.
Denny : You're giving me different advice.
Denny : It just so happens that yours is the advice I want to hear.
Meredith : Well, Dr. Bailey outranks Dr. Stevens.
Meredith : So, it's safe to say Dr. Bailey's advice is the one to follow.
Bailey : That's not what he's worried about, Dr. Grey.
Bailey : He's worried that Dr. Stevens might get her ego bruised
Bailey : and her feelings hurt, am I right?
Denny : No, no. Definitely no.
Bailey : It would concern me if you were making medical decisions
Bailey : based on how our Dr. Stevens might feel about it.
Denny : Well, in that case, I say we do this thing.
Denny : Screw that dizzy blonde doctor girl.
Bailey : That's not helping, Denny.
Denny : - No? - No.
Bailey : What's going on between Stevens and Denny?
Bailey : Is it a crush? Is it an innocent flirtation?
UNK: Or is Stevens crossing the line?
Meredith : I know she likes him. I can't imagine Izzie would do that.
George : Uh-huh.
UNK: I couldn't imagine you and Yang'd be so stupid as to fall for your attendings,
Bailey : but I was wrong about that, wasn't I?
Meredith : I'm knitting these days.
UNK: Plus, I may accept a date with a veterinarian.
Bailey : Grey. Do you actually believe I care?
MVO : - No. - Good. Maybe you're not so stupid.
UNK: Explain one more time exactly what this is supposed to do.
George : Having the TV this close
George : makes the flickering and flashing more intense, which can cause seizures.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Oh. Normally I don't have time to watch TV, but this week I've discovered Oprah.
UNK: Ms. Graber : She's famous in my business for never marrying that boyfriend of hers.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Wise, wise woman.
UNK: You won't say where you live and now I'm on the outside of your inside jokes.
UNK: - When did I end up on the outside? - You're not.
Izzie : - Now you're lying. To my face. - You're being paranoid.
UNK: Ms. Graber : Well, I'm not seizing. But I am having an acid flashback. Does that count?
UNK: Rose... Seven kids... It's a lot.
Addison : Are you sure that Chris isn't feeling the same way?
Addison : When we were first married, we were so broke that I went on the pill.
Addison : Chris stopped taking Communion. When he does that, he thinks he's...
Alex : Thinks he's going to hell. He thinks you're both going to hell.
Rose : The reason we haven't had a baby in four years
Rose : is because we abstained for three.
Rose : Now can you imagine not being able to make love to your husband?
UNK: Um... the, uh... pill...
Rose : I can't hide the pill. He would find out.
Alex : If he found out, what? I mean, he won't divorce you. He doesn't believe in it.
UNK: - See the way he's looking at me? - Dr. Karev was just leaving.
Derek : No, no, no. Just... just look at him for a minute.