House : I'll blind him, too, if he wants to experience that culture.
Ellie : Remove it now.
UNK: Kid just had brain surgery. He's not stable.
Cuddy : Ms. Miller, I'm not trying to minimize Dr. House's wrongdoing,
Cuddy : but the best thing for your son...
Amber : Why is she sitting?
Amber : She's not yelling, not threatening, not pacing, just sitting.
UNK: Understand, Dr. House?
Cuddy : House, focus.
Cuddy : I need you to say you accept the arrangement.
UNK: No problem. You're not mad.
Ellie : I'm mad.
House : Not mad enough.
House : You wanted your son to hear.
House : You just didn't have the guts to make him get the implant.
Ellie : Once my son is stable, I want that thing out of his head.
Cuddy : Why did you do this?
House : Because he is ignorant and he's being raised by an idiot.
Cuddy : Not good enough, you always have...
House : My patient is opting into a handicap.
UNK: He's an insult to all the other gimps out there.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : But I'm still putting Foreman in charge of the case.
House : That's the arrangement?
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : You're okay with Foreman in charge?
Amber : Who you calling?
Amber : Oh, right, you don't want to look like a lunatic.
House : Yeah, about that.
Amber : You think we did the wrong thing?
UNK: I'm not sure. I'm not even sure why we did it.
Amber : That argument you made to Cuddy sounded pretty good.
House : To you, maybe.
House : Huh. I figured by now you'd be at the board in your monocle and jodhpurs.
Foreman : Yeah, you did something stupid. Quick, better mock someone.
Thirteen : Why did you do it?
House : Why did I give a human being the power of hearing?
UNK: You can ask God the same question, he'll give you the same answer.
Taub : Patient has a fever now, too.
Thirteen : Probably just a post-op complication. Arnold-Chiari?
Foreman : Not without muscle weakness.
Taub : Pseudotumor Cerebri?
Foreman : We checked his eyes before the surgery. No papilledema.
UNK: Candy?
Amber : I'm pretty sure Wilson's stripper's name was something sweet.
Taub : Maybe his fever is more than a post-op reaction.
Taub : His girlfriend was sick a few months ago, maybe her flu was really Epstein-Barr.
UNK: Lolly? - They swap spit,
Thirteen : virus travels to his brain, leads to meningitis,
Thirteen : leads to increased intracranial pressure.
Amber : I agree. Taffy?
Amber : I agree.
Foreman : Go ahead, start him on ribavirin for Epstein-Barr.
House : Keep making decisions like that,
House : it really bolsters the illusion that you're in charge.
House : Why aren't you in my office?
Wilson : Because I know what the word "my" means.
House : I did something insane, and you're not all over me analyzing why.
Wilson : It was nice.
House : I gave that idiot an implant to prove to him what an idiot he's been. How is that nice?