Wilson : You didn't do it to solve the case, you didn't do it to save his life,
Wilson : you did it to make his life better. It was a caring act.
Wilson : Which you did in a way that was immoral and illegal, but baby steps.
Amber : Doesn't sound like us.
UNK: You can't make me go to the bachelor party.
Amber : I know.
Wilson : And you're okay with that?
House : What choice do I have?
UNK: Seth!
Ellie : Please, God...
UNK: Seth.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Seth.
UNK: Oh!
Ellie : I think he just wet the bed.
Taub : Kid's dehydrated but stable.
Taub : Thankfully the fountain of whizz seems to have stopped for the moment.
House : Not before hosing Epstein-Barr off the table.
House : Now, eat up.
House : We're gonna pick out the ice cream flavors for the bachelor party.
UNK: Could be a systemic autoimmune disease.
Taub : This tastes like vodka.
House : Well, it would be stupid if it tasted like bourbon. That's the brown one.
Thirteen : It is vodka?
House : Flash frozen in a secret process. Guy figured it out in his basement.
House : Limoncello. Genius.
Foreman : Symptoms came on too hard and too fast. Sarcoidosis is progressive.
Amber : Remember, in med school, when Donovan gave grand rounds,
Amber : there was that guy who was peeing liters.
UNK: Glomerulonephritis. Wrestler, steroids could have damaged the kidneys.
Thirteen : The scotch is nice.
UNK: His urine would've been brown.
Amber : Donovan ruled out osmotic diuresis, kidney disease...
UNK: Pheochromocytoma?
Thirteen : No hypertension, plasma metanephrine is normal.
UNK: Devic's?
Amber : It happened at night. That was the clue.
Amber : Night, recumbent body position, changes in BP...
House : It's his heart.
House : Run a 12-lead EKG, watch him for four hours.
House : Foreman concurs.
House : What the hell just happened? Everything started to fade away.
Amber : You're getting better at focusing, ignoring everything that doesn't matter.
UNK: Uh-oh!
Amber : He looks pissed. I think he might hit us.
House : Is your eyesight better than mine?
Chase : We need to talk about the bachelor party.
House : Excellent topic choice.
UNK: I mean, surgery is so boring, and my lying to you is just so yesterday.
Chase : It's my fault for letting you talk me into the implant.
UNK: Cameron is not gonna be happy about this party.
House : But, you, on the other hand...
Chase : Plan on spending the rest of my life with Cameron.
House : So, I need to cancel the fart band?
Chase : So, I need you to kidnap me.