UNK: House.
UNK: House.
Amber : I know you're not asleep.
House : That insight would be a lot more impressive
House : if you weren't just a product of my exhausted brain.
Amber : Aren't you curious about why I'm here?
House : Curious why no French maid's outfit, no spanky pants...
Amber : I'm a hallucination, not a fantasy.
House : It's insomnia. Four nights without REM sleep can cause...
Amber : That might explain why you're hallucinating,
Amber : doesn't explain why you're hallucinating Wilson's dead girlfriend.
UNK: Probably because of my secret and very unconscious desire
House : to get Wilson into my bedroom.
UNK: Or maybe guilt over Kutner's suicide reminds you of how guilty you felt about me.
House : Who cares why you're here? A decent night's sleep and you won't be.
Amber : Guess I'll be around a few more hours.
Taub : Need some coffee?
House : Addictive substances are no substitute for nature's healing balm.
UNK: Let's make this fast. I need to sleep.
Thirteen : Deaf 14-year-old started hearing imaginary explosions.
House : Exploding head syndrome. Cool. Obviously his brain knows how to hear.
Taub : Patient went deaf at age four, complication of meningitis.
Amber : So, why no cochlear implant?
Foreman : Usual suspects are insomnia, which he doesn't have,
Foreman : migraines, which he doesn't get,
Foreman : and head trauma, which didn't show up on the CT.
Amber : Damn imaginary pen.
House : Mom's signature's on everything. Did Dad die?
UNK: No, I doubt it. He was a sperm donor. Medical records couldn't be cleaner.
House : So, we're left with temporal lobe seizure.
UNK: Wrong.
Thirteen : Someone at the wrestling meet would have noticed a seizure.
House : Could have just looked like a bad shot to the leg.
House : Put him in the seizure lab, see if his head blows up all over again.
UNK: You're gonna ignore your own subconscious?
Amber : Gonna be the limp leading the blind.
House : I need a scrip for sleeping pills.
UNK: My neighbor's dog has been keeping me awake,
UNK: and it seems strangely invulnerable to poison.
House : Why is the soon-to-be- second-prettiest Dr. Chase here?
Cameron : I'll take that as a "Congratulations."
Wilson : We're discussing a case.
Amber : Why did he close that file?
House : Wedding in two weeks? I'd say you were pregnant,
House : but I don't think Chase's body is mature enough to produce sperm.
Cameron : It's a small ceremony, why wait?
UNK: Nighty-night.
Amber : Drugs with no lecture? He wants you out.
House : Interesting case?
Cameron : Possible prostate cancer came into the ER.
Amber : Pencil cup.
House : No wonder his prostate is enlarged. It's full of pool cues and cigars.
Cameron : Chase's best man doesn't get here till the day of the wedding,
Cameron : so I asked Wilson to throw his bachelor party.
House : No retired ministers available to plan it?
Wilson : Chase doesn't want some big, raucous party.
House : So she says.
House : Luckily, there are people in this world ready to stand up for what's right.
Cameron : No, no, no. I don't want you to...
UNK: Listen, of the two things I do well, bachelor parties rank towards the top.
Amber : I get to help, right?
Foreman : Starting five hertz.