House : "The limp leading the blind."
Thirteen : Is that supposed to mean something?
UNK: I didn't think so.
House : So, exploding head syndrome plus vision loss.
UNK: Subclavian steal syndrome. Vascular defect
Taub : coupled with constant arm movement could siphon blood flow from the brain.
Thirteen : We should do an angio, check his...
House : Knock yourselves out.
House : How did I know he was gonna go blind?
House : Don't get cute, Gazoo. You're in my mind, you're obviously there.
Amber : C-reactive protein.
Amber : I noticed in his file it was slightly elevated.
Amber : I figured the stress of the seizure lab would drive the inflammation even higher
UNK: and lead to optic neuritis.
House : That's a lot clearer than "the limp leading the blind."
Amber : It was just a glimmer. I couldn't put it into words.
House : It was a long shot.
House : I don't even remember the C-reactive protein level.
Amber : Obviously you do, you just don't know it.
House : How high is K2?
Amber : I don't know. Me neither.
House : But I read a book about it years ago.
UNK: A fierce, sexy Sherpa on the cover, bending over to...
Amber : 28,251 feet.
UNK: Cool.
House : An all-access pass to my own brain.
Amber : Go play the kid some music.
UNK: Why?
Amber : Another long shot.
Foreman : We're using iodine dye to track the blood flow in your neck and arm.
Foreman : House, what are you doing?
UNK: What's it look like I'm doing? Fighting the power.
UNK: House continues : Feel that? How cool is that?
UNK: House continues : Apparently your mom doesn't care what you're missing.
Ellie : You're an ass.
UNK: MS. MILLER : He says he feels the vibrations in his abdomen, but not his hand.
Ellie : What does that mean?
House : It's a new symptom. Neuropathy.
Amber : Thought you were gonna get some sleep.
UNK: The case got interesting.
UNK: It's like the zoo.
House : Except you can bang on the glass as much as you want.
UNK: How'd you know about the neuropathy?
House : Good question.
Foreman : Enough with the riddles.
House : Tell me about it.
UNK: Think wrestling record.
UNK: Juggling.
House : No, pins, three pins.
House : Patient was pinned in his last three matches. Leading up to that he was 15-and-0.
House : I figured his balance was off from diminished sensation.
Foreman : Could be increased ICP from a brain tumor.
House : That we missed on the head CT?
Thirteen : Cutting weight for wrestling could've led to rhabdomyolysis.
UNK: Patient went up a weight class three months ago.
Amber : Foreman's right.
House : Actually, increased ICP could make sense.
Foreman : You just said...
House : I was processing.
Amber : It also puts a new symptom on the table.
House : His deafness.
House : What if it was caused by NF2 cancer, instead of his childhood meningitis?
Foreman : So, meningitis was a coincidence.
House : Or a by-product of the cancer suppressing his immune system.
House : MRI his head.
Taub : If you're right about NF2, his deafness may be reversible.
Taub : I'll set it up and talk to the patient.
House : You two doing anything?