Castle : You remember her accountant, Samuel Lynchberg,
Castle : told you that Odette paid for her friend's nose job?
Beckett : And you think Barbra is that friend?
Beckett : You think they knew each other?
Castle : I know it. Lynchberg's assistant
UNK: confirmed that Odette paid for Barbra's surgery, plus expenses.
Beckett : And I'm guessing you have a theory as to why?
Castle : You know Odette loved to party.
Castle : Speaking from personal experience,
Castle : I can tell you that all that constant carousing
Castle : does not come without consequences.
Castle : Like arrests, community service hours,
Castle : waking up in a strange hotel room
Castle : with some girl's panties on your head.
Castle : Forget that part.
UNK: Here is Odette doing her community service hours
Castle : for her second DUI in 2010.
Castle : Here's Odette at a bridal shower with friends.
UNK: So?
Castle : So according to the timestamps,
Castle : these photos were taken on the same day within 20 minutes of each other.
Beckett : So it was really Barbra at the soup kitchen.
UNK: Odette would do the crime, but she didn't want to do the time.
UNK: So she created a "Faux-dette" to do her dirty work for her.
Castle : A job that I bet paid very well.
Castle : Maybe a wild night on the town brings Odette to the strip club,
Castle : where she sees Barbra, all of Barbra.
Castle : And she realizes, with a little work,
Castle : Barbra could be the perfect double for her,
Castle : doing all the unpleasant jobs
Castle : that Odette simply couldn't be bothered to do.
Castle : Community service hours, drug tests...
Beckett : And with a little training and some surgical tweaks,
Beckett : Barbra could do even more.
Beckett : Like meetings with Odette's business manager,
UNK: or boring luncheons with her Aunt Margaret.
UNK: And nobody in Odette's inner circle could have known about the ruse.
Castle : So that when the train crashed,
Castle : Barbra saw her chance to go from understudy
Castle : to leading lady and she took it.
Beckett : Okay, so that explains the transition,
Beckett : but we still don't know who killed her.
Castle : Maybe we do.
Castle : It would have to be someone that knew Odette
Castle : was actually Barbra when he saw her on TV.
Castle : Someone who was looking to cash in on her new life.
Beckett : Someone like Barbra's boyfriend, Jason.
Jason : I'm telling you, this is crazy. I didn't kill anybody!
Beckett : You realized that Barbra didn't die
Beckett : in that train accident. She was alive.
Castle : And living as Odette Morton, which meant she was very rich.
Beckett : You knew her secret, and you wanted to be rich, too.
Castle : But Barbra wasn't the kind of girl to claw her way into the good life
Castle : and then be taken advantage of by the likes of you.
Beckett : She rejected you, and so you shot her.
Jason : See, this is why I didn't come forward.
Jason : I knew you'd suspect me.
Beckett : We suspect people with motive, Jason.
UNK: SIGHS You got it wrong. Barbra came to me.
Jason : Two weeks ago, she showed up on my doorstep and told me the whole story.
Beckett : Barbra had everything she could want. A perfect life.
Beckett : Why would she risk it all by getting in touch with you?
Jason : Because she missed me.
Jason : And Odette's life wasn't as perfect as Barbra thought.
Jason : Barbra was lonely and she wanted to get back together.
UNK: She told me she had found out some stuff about Odette.
Jason : Secrets from her past. What kind of secrets?
Jason : I don't know, but she said if anyone found out,
Jason : it would all be over for her.
Castle : You think this secret got her killed?
Jason : She said she could use it to her advantage.
Jason : She just needed more information. Information was leverage.
Jason : It would protect her.
Jason : But she had to move fast.
Beckett : And she didn't move fast enough.
JASON : Barbra had been dancing since she was a little kid
Jason : and all she ever wanted was to be a star on Broadway.
Jason : And she was so close.
Castle : So it wasn't something from her own past that got Barbra killed.
Castle : It was something from Odette's.
Beckett : Okay, so a week before her death,
Beckett : Barbra, as Odette, is acting odd, she's missing rehearsals...
Castle : She seeks out her ex,