Castle : tells him that Odette's perfect life isn't so perfect,
Castle : and that there's something in Odette's past that's a problem.
Beckett : Right, so she needs information. So where does she go?
Castle : Suzanne Steiner. Remember Barbra met her for coffee the day she died.
Castle : She wanted to talk to Suzanne about old times.
SUZANNE : I'm not sure what help I can be.
UNK: Suzanne Steiner : Odette seemed fine the day that I saw her.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Suzanne : I keep forgetting that she wasn't Odette.
Suzanne : The resemblance was remarkable.
Beckett : You said that she wanted to reminisce?
Beckett : How close were the two of you?
UNK: Well, my dad was the butler in her grandfather's home for 20 years,
Suzanne : so we practically grew up together.
Beckett : And what did she want to talk about?
Suzanne : Well, she asked about her grandfather,
UNK: well, Odette's grandfather.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Suzanne : She talked about how close they had been.
Suzanne : And then she asked about the day that he died.
Beckett : He died in his sleep, didn't he?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah. He was 98.
Suzanne : It was odd that she asked because I wasn't there, but she was.
Lanie : Odette was, along with my father.
UNK: And when I reminded her of that, she asked about my dad.
Suzanne : She said she wanted to catch up with him.
UNK: Do you know if the two of them ever spoke?
Suzanne : Well, I gave her his number, but I'm not sure what happened.
UNK: ESPOSITO GRUNTING
Esposito : It's not coming off.
UNK: It's like it soldered itself onto my hand.
CASTLE : Maybe it's possessed, you know?
UNK: Like some kind of a cursed object from a Stephen King story?
Ryan : How can I tell my wife that I'm not wearing my wedding ring
Ryan : because I lent it to Esposito as an experiment
Ryan : to see if strippers would flirt with me?
Ryan : Maybe she'll see the humor in it.
Castle : Not a chance. You're a dead man.
Beckett : So Charles Carson. Former butler to Odette's late grandfather.
Beckett : No record, but get this, his name rang a bell.
Beckett : So I looked up the guest list from Wednesday's taping and he's on it.
Beckett : Odette called in a last minute ticket request for Mr. Carson.
Castle : So he was at the show.
UNK: Yes. Security has him going through at 2 : 15.
UNK: But after that, no one remembers seeing him.
Castle : Okay, so Suzanne said that Faux-dette
Castle : wanted to talk about the day her grandfather died.
Castle : What if this was the secret that Barbra was on to?
Castle : What if Graham Morton didn't die of natural causes,
UNK: and she felt somehow Charles Carson here had something to do with it?
Beckett : We need to see Graham Morton's autopsy report.
Alexis : Based on my reading of the coroner's report,
Alexis : I can see why Graham Morton's death was ruled natural causes. However...
UNK: Ooh! There's a "however."
UNK: A very big "however." Tell them.
Alexis : There were some anomalies I found suspicious.
Alexis : Evidence of petechiae in both eyes.
Alexis : Fresh bruising on the right side of Mr. Morton's nose,
Alexis : which could have happened if, say,
Alexis : someone was holding a pillow over his face.
Alexis : All in all, I think there is ample evidence
Alexis : that Mr. Morton was murdered.
UNK: Ample?
UNK: Murdered.
Castle : I am just so proud.
Alexis : Dad. Work. Boundaries. Right.
Lanie : One more thing. When I requested the file be sent over,
Lanie : the clerk told me that I was the second person this week
Lanie : to ask for it.
Lanie : Odette Morton was there on Tuesday.
Castle : So Barbra realized Odette's grandfather was murdered,
Castle : and must have thought Carson, the butler,
Castle : had something to do with it.
Beckett : And then when Carson figured out that Barbra knew too much, he killed her.
Beckett : We're gonna bring him in first thing in the morning.
Castle : And arrest him for a double murder.
Castle : Good morning.
Martha : Speak for yourself.
Martha : Oh, Richard! I really messed up.
Martha : I just let my ego get the better of me.
Martha : Now Oona Marconi is never gonna endorse my school.
Martha : She'll probably write something negative just out of spite.
UNK: Well, there is a chance you can still turn this around,
UNK: but are you willing to apologize to someone
Castle : who doesn't really deserve it?
Martha : Darling, I don't think a simple apology is gonna get me out of this.
Castle : Then in the wise words of Don Vito Corleone,
UNK: MIMICKING VITO CORLEONE
Castle : you need to make her an offer she can't refuse.
UNK: And if there is anything... CLEARS THROAT