Castle : In two days they learn everything there is to know about each other.
Castle : And Barbra can't help but think,
UNK: "If only I had landed in the lap of luxury like Odette,
UNK: "I could have been anything I wanted to be."
Beckett : Are you suggesting that Barbra purposefully caused the derailment
Beckett : to take over Odette's life?
Castle : With what? Her crazy Wiccan powers?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Wow! That would be an incredible twist! But no. No.
Castle : The accident happens, Odette is killed, Barbra survives.
Castle : And in the midst of all the chaos and rubble, she sees her chance.
Castle : She switches identification with Odette,
Castle : and she changes her destiny.
Castle : In one move, Barbra builds herself a better future. A perfect life.
Beckett : Until she was murdered a year later.
Castle : Yes, well, separated twin stories never end happily.
UNK: Blood tests are back. Odette and Barbra were not biologically related.
Esposito : Barbra has no living family we could find.
CASTLE : If they're not related, how can Barbra look so much like Odette?
ESPOSITO : I don't know,
Esposito : but we do have an address for her former place of employment.
Esposito : A strip club in Midtown.
Ryan : See, we've been operating on the theory
UNK: that Odette was murdered because she was Odette.
Ryan : But what if she was murdered because she was really Barbra?
BECKETT : Find out everything you can about Barbra.
UNK: In the meantime, I'm gonna re-interview Odette's brother, Paul.
Castle : Is he a person of interest now?
Beckett : I'm just having trouble believing
Beckett : that Barbra managed to fool Odette's own brother for over a year.
UNK: He's gonna have to convince me that he didn't know.
UNK: Meantime, I'm gonna take a ride downtown with the boys,
Castle : check out that strip club...
Ryan : Sorry, Castle. Three's a crowd.
Esposito : What's up? Why are you freezing out our boy like that?
UNK: I wanna try an experiment. Having Castle along would mess things up.
UNK: Here.
Ryan : Wear my wedding ring.
UNK: What? Get that thing away from me, man. It's a mood killer.
Ryan : Just wear it when we're at the club. What for?
Ryan : See, I've been talking to my married guy friends,
Ryan : they say that your theory is way off.
Ryan : Wearing a wedding ring gets them more attention from women, not less.
UNK: So?
Ryan : So wear the ring.
UNK: I wanna see if women still flirt with you and ignore me.
Esposito : So you didn't want Castle to come because
UNK: all the women would flirt with him.
UNK: All the women would flirt with him.
Ryan : I want to know if it's just the ring
Ryan : that's repelling members of the fairer sex.
Esposito : It's not the ring, bro. It's you.
Esposito : See, once you've been married for a little while,
Esposito : and you're feeling a little bored and unsatisfied,
Esposito : the ring will get you love from the ladies.
UNK: They'll wanna take you away from all that,
UNK: so that you can be bored and unsatisfied with them.
Ryan : Why not now?
Esposito : 'Cause now you're all blissfully happy with your wife and whatnot.
Esposito : You have the stink of honeymoon phase all over you.
Esposito : No woman wants to be around that.
Ryan : How long does it last?
Esposito : It's hard to say.
Esposito : But knowing you and Jenny, probably forever.
UNK: SENSUAL MUSIC PLAYING
Chantal : Oh, yeah, Barbie.
UNK: All she wanted was to be a dancer on Broadway.
Ryan : She used to talk about it a lot, huh?
Chantal : More than that.
Chantal : She got a makeover, changed her hair.
Chantal : And then two years ago, she got her nose done,
Chantal : even though her nose looked fine before.
Esposito : Back in the day, did Barbra have trouble with anybody?
Esposito : Say, a customer? Maybe a boyfriend?
Chantal : Boyfriend, yeah. Jason.
UNK: Could this be him?
Chantal : That's him. Jason Bagwell.
Ryan : Do you know where we can find Jason?
Chantal : He lived over in Alphabet City.
Chantal : He was always running some scam.
Chantal : Borrowing money from Barbra for some new business venture,
UNK: and never paying her back.
Chantal : But she loved him. Crazy love, you know?
Esposito : Oh, yeah, I do.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Well, you've been very helpful, Shantell. Thank you for your time.
Chantal : If you wanted, you could come back later. My show starts at 8 : 00.
Esposito : I could probably...
UNK: He's got to get home to the little woman, Shantell,
Ryan : but we do thank you for your time and your cooperation.
Beckett : All right.
Esposito : What's wrong with you, man?
UNK: Why you have to throw salt in my game like that?
Ryan : You can't pick up on honeys
Ryan : while wearing the eternal symbol of my love and commitment to Jenny.
Ryan : Did I just say that out loud? Mmm.
Ryan : No wonder women won't flirt with me.
Ryan : I'm a lost cause. A man in love with his wife.
Esposito : Enjoy it, my friend.
Esposito : A lot of men would switch places with you.
UNK: Not me. Mmm-mmm. Other men.
UNK: Guys. Unhappy, single guys.
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just give me my ring back,
Ryan : and you can go get Shantell's phone number.
Beckett : What the...
UNK: Ow. What?
Esposito : It's stuck.
Castle : The guys are out picking up Barbra's ex-boyfriend.
Castle : I thought I'd use the time to follow up
UNK: on what they'd learned at the club.
Castle : Starting with the fact that Barbra Landau did get plastic surgery.
Castle : Here is her old DMV photo.
Beckett : She's a pretty girl. Exactly.
UNK: The plastic surgery didn't make her look more beautiful,
Castle : just made her look more like Odette Morton.