Brad : That is completely not what it sounds like.
Beckett : What it sounds like, Brad, is you threatening Odette Morton's life
Beckett : a few weeks before she was murdered.
Brad : But I was trying to protect her.
Castle : Protect her how?
Brad : I knew about Odette's troubled past, the drugs, the DUIs.
Brad : But I also believed her when she said she was clean now,
Brad : and that dancing was all she cared about.
Beckett : Are you trying to say that that wasn't true?
Brad : What I'm trying to say is, two months ago,
Brad : I walked into makeup early one morning
Brad : and found Odette shooting up.
Beckett : Are you sure about this?
Brad : 100% positive.
Brad : If Max knew she was using, she would have been eliminated on the spot.
Beckett : But you never told Max.
Brad : Odette promised she would clean up. I gave her a second chance.
Brad : But I also kept an eye on her.
Brad : Then a month ago, I caught her again.
Brad : I told her I was going to Max, that she was on her own.
Castle : And did you?
Brad : No, because Odette threatened me.
Brad : She said that if I went to Max and told him what I'd seen,
UNK: then she'd go to him and tell him that
Brad : I was the one that let her off the first time.
Brad : Max would have fired me for keeping a secret that big from him.
Brad : I'd be off the show.
Brad : I'd be Brian Dunkleman.
Beckett : Who's Brian Dunkleman? Exactly.
Castle : So if Odette went down, she was taking you with her?
RYAN : Brad was right about her shooting up.
UNK: Found these hidden in a false bottom underneath her jewelry box.
Ryan : No wonder CSU missed it when they went through her apartment.
Esposito : Could be speed.
Beckett : Yeah, except I just got off the phone with Lanie,
UNK: and she said that preliminary tox screen results
Beckett : show that Odette wasn't using drugs.
UNK: At least, none of the usual ones.
Beckett : So what the hell is in this bottle?
UNK: PEOPLE LAUGHING
UNK: Oona Marconi : And so I said to Sir Laurence,
UNK: Oona Marconi : "Larry, that is the second best performance
UNK: "But I'm afraid no one can improve the Orson Welles's interpretation."
UNK: "Larry," I said, "You've simply been outdone."
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Wow. What did Olivier say to that?
Oona : He said, "My dear girl, you have the makings of a theater critic."
UNK: And so, here I am.
Martha : Yes, indeed, you are!
Martha : Oh, by the way,
Martha : I don't know if I told you that recently
Martha : I opened my own acting school.
Oona : Martha, how wonderful!
Martha : Thank you.
Oona : How good of you to share your years and years of experience
Oona : with a new generation.
Castle : Yes, we are very proud.
MARTHA : And I was wondering,
Martha : perhaps you might consider stopping by and sitting in on a class or two.
Martha : And then, if you felt so inclined,
Martha : mentioning our little school in one of your wonderful columns?
Oona : I'd be happy to do that. You just tell me where and when.
Martha : Well, that's lovely.
Oona : I just hope you're not teaching your students your little trick
Oona : of tilting your head
Oona : before delivering an important line of dialogue.
Martha : I don't do that.
Oona : Well, you did it when you played Maggie the Cat.
Oona : Oh, and you fluttered your hands like little bird wings.
Oona : I kept waiting for you to take off.
Castle : Who wants pie? Alexis, would you... Thank you.
Martha : I believe that was the year that I was nominated for a Tony.
Oona : Well, perhaps the American Theater Wing
Oona : is more tolerant of head tilting and hand fluttering than I am.
UNK: SIGHS
Oona : Martha, I'm just teasing.
Oona : You can't possibly still be upset about that old review?
UNK: Yeah, let's not say anything we'll regret.
Martha : That was no review, that was a hatchet job.
Martha : It was vicious and it was uncalled for.
Oona : And it was also accurate.
UNK: SOFTLY Rise above. Rise above.
Martha : You know what, Oona? I rescind my request.
UNK: There is no way I would accept your endorsement of my school now