Lynchberg : Per Odette's wishes, it goes to the Graham Morton Foundation.
Lynchberg : It's a charitable organization.
Beckett : You know, I noticed a pretty big spike
Beckett : in her spending over the last month.
Ryan : Do you have any idea what that was about?
Lynchberg : I'm sure you know that after Odette's grandfather
Paul : passed away three years ago,
UNK: she went through a bad period.
Beckett : Yeah, her brother filled us in. Parties, drugs.
Lynchberg : Of particular concern to me during that time was her spending.
Lynchberg : Odette would get drunk and spontaneously buy a car.
Lynchberg : Or put a bid down on a new apartment.
Lynchberg : She paid for a friend's nose job.
Lynchberg : Just whatever struck her fancy.
Lynchberg : But then after the train accident last year, all that stopped.
Lynchberg : It was refreshing to those of us who cared about her.
Lynchberg : I was worried that last month's credit card charges
Lynchberg : indicated that she might have been backsliding.
Beckett : What was she buying?
Lynchberg : Clothing, mostly.
Lynchberg : The bulk of the charges were over two days
UNK: at one particular Fifth Avenue department store.
Beckett : I'd like to see the original receipts.
Beckett : Of course.
Beckett : This is the weirdest spending spree I have ever seen.
Beckett : Odette spent tens of thousands of dollars on clothes,
Beckett : but nothing in her size according to these receipts.
UNK: Everything's in size four.
UNK: And I went through her apartment.
UNK: I didn't see 100 grand worth of new clothes. Maybe she hid them.
Castle : Sounds to me like the old "gas card scam."
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Your parents put you on a strict allowance,
Castle : but they give you a gas card, so you can fill your car.
Castle : Well, you fill your friends' cars, and they give you cash.
Castle : Some of my buddies in boarding school nearly doubled their allowance.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : Not me, of course.
Castle : Don't tell my mother.
UNK: So if Odette needed cash in a hurry
UNK: to, say, maybe pay off some guy in an alley...
Beckett : But the monthly stipend from her family trust
Beckett : wasn't enough to cover it.
Castle : So she charges the clothes, sells them to her friends.
Castle : Instant cash flow.
Esposito : Which is still not enough. The cards max out, the money train stops,
Esposito : and she can't make payment to whoever she owes.
Esposito : She ends up dead.
Beckett : Yeah, but do you guys think that Odette actually had
UNK: one size-four friend willing to pay 100 grand
UNK: for a bunch of pegged jeans and a faux rabbit purse?
UNK: Did you say "rabbit"?
BECKETT : Jasmine,
Beckett : we need to talk.
UNK: Where did you get the bag?
Jasmine : A friend gave it to me.
Castle : Your friend, Odette Morton?
Beckett : We talked to the salesperson, Jasmine.
Beckett : She said that you were with Odette
UNK: when she dropped 100 grand on clothes for you.
Lanie : Odette was very generous.
Beckett : She's also very dead, and I know a blackmail scheme when I hear one.
CASTLE : Maybe Odette had something going on in her life
Castle : she wanted to keep secret.
Castle : You found out about it, and told her the price for your silence
Castle : was a closet full of fancy duds.
Jasmine : But why would I kill her?
Castle : Maybe she couldn't give anymore.
Castle : You got frustrated, you killed her.
Castle : Maybe she decided to come forward herself,
Castle : accuse you of blackmail, you killed her.
Castle : Jasmine, these are just off the top of my head.
Beckett : We can finish off this conversation in the precinct.
UNK: Wait.
Jasmine : Last month, I was here working late,
Jasmine : and I happened to see Odette walk by my desk real fast,
Jasmine : like she was upset.
Jasmine : Next thing I know, here comes Brad Melville, like he's looking for her.
CASTLE : Brad Melville? The show's host?
Castle : Aren't they not supposed to fraternize?
Jasmine : That's why I followed him.
Jasmine : Brad and Odette were in the stairwell having a fight.
Beckett : About what?
Jasmine : I'm not completely sure.
Jasmine : But when I bluffed Odette that I was going to tell Max about her and Brad,
Jasmine : she got really nervous.
Jasmine : She offered to buy me some stuff I wanted if I'd keep quiet,
Jasmine : and I thought that sounded like a good deal.
Jasmine : But that's it. I would have never hurt Odette.
Beckett : You'll have to pardon me if I don't take you at your word.
Jasmine : Look, if anyone had a reason to murder Odette it was Brad.
Jasmine : Just listen. I recorded the two of them.
Beckett : If Max Renfro found out that Brad Melville
Beckett : was in a relationship with one of the contestants, what would happen?
Jasmine : She'd be thrown off the show, and he'd be fired.
Castle : Motive for murder, anyone?