Jasmine : Detective Beckett, they're waiting for you.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: I have instructed my staff to provide you
Max : with anything and everything you need to help solve this terrible murder.
UNK: Anything.
Pierre : Absolutely anything.
Beckett : Thanks. Now Odette told her brother
Beckett : that there was someone on the show that she didn't get along with.
Max : Eddie Gordon. But he's not here anymore.
Max : Last week Eddie and Odette performed a Bob Fosse-inspired number
Max : for the elimination dance off.
Max : We voted and sent Eddie home. He was upset.
Beckett : How upset?
Max : Well, you have to understand.
Max : All the contestants are cast on this show
Max : to tell their unique, yet familiar stories.
Max : Odette was the poor, little, rich girl,
Max : and Eddie was the kid from the wrong side of the tracks.
Max : We cast Eddie to bring the drama.
Max : Eddie brought the drama, and not just for the cameras.
Max : He was furious when we sent him packing,
Max : and we all got an earful about it.
UNK: SCOFFS And he was so rude.
Pierre : I had to call security.
Beckett : Was he threatening?
UNK: Let's just say I was relieved when he was gone.
Max : Ironic, really. How so?
Max : Well, according to the rules,
Max : when a contestant is unable to continue,
Max : the last eliminated dancer returns to take his or her place.
Castle : And that dancer is Eddie Gordon.
Esposito : That was Eddie's exit interview.
Esposito : Contestants are encouraged by producers to speak freely.
Castle : He certainly took their advice.
UNK: Eddie has got a record back home in Rochester.
Ryan : says they remember seeing him in the studio
Ryan : the afternoon Odette was murdered.
Beckett : Okay, so, Eddie was eliminated,
Beckett : but he knew that if Odette was out of the running,
Beckett : he'd be asked to return and take her slot.
Castle : So he went back and eliminated Odette.
UNK: Permanently.
UNK: B and E, robbery. You were pretty busy up in Rochester, Eddie.
UNK: Eddie Gordon : Yeah, but that was a long time ago.
UNK: Eddie Gordon : When I started dancing, I gave up thug life.
Beckett : Yeah, well, that didn't stop you from going off on the judges
Beckett : when you were eliminated.
Eddie : Me going home was the wrong call, and I said so.
Eddie : Maybe I said it loud, but that don't make me no killer.
Castle : Now that Odette can't finish the competition,
Castle : the last eliminated contestant will be asked to return.
Castle : And that's you, Eddie.
Eddie : Like my daddy used to say, the universe works in mysterious ways.
Beckett : And maybe you decided to give the universe just a little shove.
Beckett : So what were you doing at the studio on show day?
Eddie : I went by early to see my boy, Santino.
Eddie : Give him support on his big day.
UNK: You got an answer for everything, don't you, Eddie?
UNK: And you know what else you've got?
UNK: You got motive and opportunity.
Eddie : Man, I was across town when that mess happened, meeting my agent.
Eddie : But last week, something was going on with Odette.
Eddie : Something that didn't have nothing to do with dancing.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Eddie : She was out of it. Missing easy steps.
UNK: She'd say she was going to the ladies' room
Eddie : then be gone for half an hour.
Castle : What do you think she was doing?
Eddie : I know what she was doing.
Eddie : I saw her go out the back door.
Eddie : Meet some guy in the alley.
UNK: They talk real serious for a minute,
UNK: then she handed him a roll of bills. Looked like 3 grand, easy.
Beckett : You get a good enough look at this guy?
Beckett : You think you can provide us with a sketch?
Eddie : Yeah, I can do that.
Ryan : Hey. So Eddie Gordon spoke the truth.
Ryan : He was meeting with his agent when Odette was shot.
Castle : So maybe he was also telling the truth
Castle : about the guy he saw Odette with in the alley.
Ryan : Well, he gave us a sketch. Pretty generic, though.
UNK: Handsome, Caucasian, dark hair.
Castle : You know, that missing half hour
Castle : when Odette left rehearsal the day she was shot,
Castle : maybe she was with him.
Ryan : I'll have uniforms circulate the sketch around the studio.
Ryan : See if anybody recognizes him.
Castle : Okay, so if Odette had straightened up after the train accident,
Castle : what was she doing behind the stage door
Castle : secretly giving some guy a roll of bills?
Ryan : Could be a drug deal.
Ryan : Maybe Odette was falling back into old habits.
Ryan : Any recent withdrawals in her bank statement?
Beckett : Yeah, not for that amount of money,
Beckett : but check out these credit card payments.
Beckett : For the last six months,
Beckett : Odette's credit card spending was pretty much steady.
Beckett : And then about a month ago, it suddenly shot up.
Castle : No kidding.
UNK: Her cards were maxed out. Over 100 grand in charges?
Castle : What was she spending all that money on?
Beckett : You were Odette's business manager,
Beckett : as well as the executor of her grandfather's estate?
UNK: Samuel Lynchberg : And now I have the unfortunate task of handling Odette's estate as well.
Beckett : And who inherits her share of the family trust?