UNK: but underneath all that bravado, gooey center.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. So who's our victim?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Odette Morton. Cause of death is a single GSW to the heart.
UNK: Probably a .9 millimeter. She died instantly.
UNK: Well, the bullet went right through her.
Beckett : Well, unless our killer used a silencer,
Beckett : someone must have heard the shot.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Not necessarily.
UNK: Javier Esposito : According to the stage manager,
UNK: Javier Esposito : this area clears out once taping starts.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Plus, the opening pyrotechnics could've covered a gunshot.
Beckett : Well, that's assuming she was shot just as the show started.
Lanie : It looks like she was.
UNK: Yeah, the makeup girl finished with Odette at 2 : 45,
UNK: taping starts at 3 : 00, and she was discovered at 3 : 04.
UNK: Nineteen minutes. That's not a very big window.
Beckett : All right, see if the crew saw anyone near this room around that time.
Esposito : You got it.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan? Can I get a list
UNK: of all the guests that were invited to tonight's taping,
Beckett : along with anyone that checked in at security?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Already on it, but that's not the only way in here.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : There's an exit door to the alley down the hall.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : The crew guys like to prop it open so they can go out for a smoke.
Castle : So either our killer got lucky and found an unlocked door...
Beckett : Or this was an inside job.
LANIE : That gets my vote.
Lanie : Odette was a lock to win this thing.
Lanie : I bet it was one of her backstabbing rivals that did this.
Lanie : What? I watch the show. Odette was my favorite contestant.
Lanie : She was an heiress, raised by her rich grandpa.
Lanie : A party girl, headed down the wrong path.
Lanie : Then a brush with death made her wake up and change her bad-girl ways.
Castle : That's a great story.
Lanie : Except for the ending.
Ryan : I gotta say, Dr. Parish,
UNK: I'm not, exactly.
Lanie : It's just, when I was young,
Lanie : more than anything, I wanted to be a prima ballerina.
Lanie : If I wasn't dancing, I was thinking about dancing.
Castle : So what happened?
UNK: The girls came along when I was 13.
UNK: Not that many top-heavy ballerinas out there.
Castle : Well, I think there should be.
Beckett : Of course you do.
Castle : That's not what I meant.
UNK: Although...
Beckett : Does Odette have any next of kin?
Lanie : Paul Morton, her brother.
Beckett : Okay, great. Bring him down here.
Beckett : And talk to the rest of the contestants.
UNK: I wanna see if anyone is taking this competition
Beckett : just a little too seriously.
Esposito : We understand that you and Odette
Esposito : were rehearsing your dance most of the day.
Esposito : How did she seem?
Santino : On edge. We both were.
Santino : I mean, one of us was about to be eliminated,
Santino : which is why I can't believe she just left rehearsal at 11 : 00
Santino : and took off for half an hour.
Esposito : To do what?
Santino : She wouldn't say.
Santino : But everything was riding on this dance.
Jeanine : She told me she had to meet a friend.
UNK: She asked me to cover if anyone was looking for her.
Ryan : Do you have any idea why she was being so secretive?
Jeanine : The producers don't like us to leave the studio on show day.
UNK: So it must have been important.
Esposito : Well, the NYPD thanks you for your cooperation.
Ryan : You, too.
Ryan : Damn, did you see that? Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : She acted like I didn't even exist.
Esposito : You don't. Not since you put that ring on your finger.
Esposito : Get used to being invisible to single women.
UNK: Paul Morton : I've never seen her happier than these past couple months.
Santino : I can't believe that my sister's dead.
UNK: We understand she had some difficulties in the past.
Paul : A few years ago, our grandfather passed away.
Paul : And Odette took it hard.
Paul : She quit school,
Paul : she broke off her relationship with a nice guy,
Paul : started hanging out with a bad crowd.
Beckett : What kind of bad crowd?
UNK: Partiers and druggies.
Paul : She was arrested several times.
Paul : But after the accident, she left all of that behind.
Castle : That was her brush with death?
UNK: There was a train derailment last year.
UNK: Odette was onboard.
Paul : She made it out alive, but it scared the hell out of her.
Paul : She turned her life around.
Paul : Six months of dance training and the next thing that I know,
Paul : She finally found a direction in life.
Paul : She was so close to realizing her dream.
Beckett : Was there anyone in Odette's old life
Beckett : that could have come back to cause trouble for her?
Paul : Not that I'm aware of.
Castle : What about on the show? Anyone she didn't get along with?
Paul : She did mention someone. Another contestant.
Paul : I think she said his name was Eddie.