Lynchberg : I thought she was slipping back into her old ways.
UNK: And I said to her,
UNK: "We didn't risk everything to get this money
UNK: "so you could let it ruin your life."
Lynchberg : And she looked at me
Lynchberg : and I could tell she had no idea what I was talking about.
Lynchberg : In that moment, I knew that she wasn't my Odette.
Castle : And that's how she got onto you.
Lynchberg : So this Barbra told me that if I kept her secret, she would keep mine.
Lynchberg : She thought we were even.
Lynchberg : She thought that she could just take the place of Odette.
Lynchberg : What was I supposed to do?
Lynchberg : Just let some dirty stripper live in her house and wear her clothes,
Lynchberg : and blackmail me?
Lynchberg : Odette deserved better.
Beckett : What's going on?
UNK: I was just thinking how we rely on dreams to keep us going in life,
Castle : and how sad it is when they become the things that tear us down.
Beckett : Yeah, well, that might be the case for Barbra Landau,
Beckett : but not for everyone with dreams that didn't come true.
Beckett : I mean, take Lanie, for instance.
Beckett : She wanted to be a dancer, she became a doctor.
Beckett : That's not so bad, is it?
UNK: Hmm. What about you?
UNK: I mean, I know you became a cop because your mother was murdered,
Castle : but there had to be something before that.
Castle : What did little Kate Beckett want to be when she grew up?
Beckett : At Stanford, I was pre-law.
Castle : So your dream was to argue a case before the Supreme Court.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Yep, I was on my way to becoming the first female Chief Justice.
UNK: Wow! Not bad.
ESPOSITO : It won't...
Beckett : You know what? I'm late for my stripper date.
UNK: What? Whoa. No, no, no.
Ryan : I cannot go home again without that ring on my finger tonight.
Ryan : My couch has a loose spring. My back...
UNK: Wait, did you try soap? Yeah.
Ryan : Yeah, it was, like, the first thing we did.
Castle : Cooking spray? I didn't think about cooking spray.
UNK: Where am I gonna find cooking spray? Here.
Esposito : It's like silk.
Ryan : That might work.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah.
Ryan : I think it's coming. Yeah.
UNK: RING CLATTERS
Esposito : At least it's off my finger, so...
Martha : Oona, thank you so much for stopping by.
Oona : Thank you, Martha.
Oona : And I'll be sure to find a few inches of column space
Oona : to mention your little school.
Martha : Good. Thank you. I really appreciate that, dear.
UNK: Richard, good. You're just in time to say goodbye to Oona.
Castle : Oh. How nice to see you again.
Oona : It's lovely to see you as well.
UNK: And I look forward to hearing from you.
Oona : Hearing from...
Martha : Well, I know you're in a hurry, dear.
Martha : And, I'll call you. We will have lunch.
Oona : Yes. Yes. Bye-bye.
UNK: VOCALIZES
Martha : All's well that ends well.
Castle : Mother, why would Oona Marconi be looking forward to hearing from me?
UNK: Well, you did say if there is any way that you could help...
Castle : That you should let me know.
Castle : Exactly what did you promise her without asking me first?
Martha : That you would read her novel.
Castle : Oh, Mother!
Martha : And critique it, and give it to your publisher.
Martha : It is the inspiring story of a young woman's journey
UNK: from department store clerk to world-renowned Broadway star!
Castle : Chick lit? Mother, this is really not my...
Martha : Oh, and darling, when you give her your thoughts, do be kind.
Martha : Because it's always been her dream to be a novelist.
Martha : Be kind.
Castle : For you, Mother,
Castle : I can be kind.