Martha : if you begged me.
Oona : Fat chance of that.
Oona : Just remember, Martha, those who can't do, teach.
Martha : And those who can't teach, become theater critics!
UNK: Ha! Ha.
UNK: Gram.
UNK: GROANS
Castle : Could have been worse.
Castle : My mother exposed her gooey center,
Castle : and Oona Marconi drove a stake through it.
Beckett : Well, tell her I feel her pain.
Castle : Thanks, I will. Anything new on the case?
UNK: Yeah, unis found the cafe that Odette went to at 11 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : the day that she was killed.
Castle : Scoring drugs off her mystery man?
Beckett : More like scoring a fat-free latte.
UNK: She met up with a friend for coffee. Suzanne Steiner.
Castle : A friend? Leaving the studio on show day was a very big deal.
Castle : What was so important that it couldn't wait?
Beckett : According to Suzanne, she just wanted to talk about old times.
Ryan : Hey. We got a fax from the lab.
Ryan : That clear vial of liquid that we found at Odette's apartment,
Ryan : it wasn't illegal drugs. It's insulin.
Castle : Odette was diabetic?
RYAN : Not according to her doctor.
UNK: He said he hasn't seen her in over a year.
Beckett : Well, maybe she developed it recently or maybe she went to a new doctor.
Castle : Then why not just tell Brad Melville the truth?
Castle : That it wasn't speed, it was insulin?
Castle : And why bother buying Jasmine half of Fifth Avenue to keep her quiet?
Castle : Well, I think I can help with that.
Esposito : CSU report is back on Odette's place.
Esposito : They only found one set of prints. And they were not Odette's.
Esposito : They belong to a woman named Barbra Landau.
Beckett : Who the hell is Barbra Landau?
Esposito : Not someone who would run in Odette's circles.
Esposito : She was raised in foster care and was a high school dropout.
Castle : So she was staying with Odette?
Beckett : We need to talk to her. ESPOSITO : That's gonna be tough.
Esposito : Officially, Barbra Landau's been dead for over a year.
Esposito : Here's her death certificate.
Beckett : She died of blunt force trauma
Beckett : from injuries suffered in a train collision.
Esposito : That's right. The same train collision that Odette survived.
Esposito : Or did she?
Ryan : You see that picture of Odette?
Esposito : Well, this is Barbra.
Castle : They're identical.
Beckett : But that's impossible.
UNK: Impossible? Or the explanation to everything?
Castle : The dramatic change in Odette after the accident,
Castle : the need to hide being a diabetic,
Brad : because Odette was not a diabetic.
Beckett : Odette Morton didn't survive that train crash, Barbra did.
Castle : And like a phoenix rising from the ashes,
Castle : Barbra Landau walked away from the wreckage of that train
Castle : and stole Odette Morton's life.
Castle : Twin girls are born and put up for adoption.
Castle : Odette goes to a wealthy, loving family, Barbra, not so lucky.
Castle : She gets bounced around from one foster home to the next,
Castle : always knowing, deep inside, that she was meant for something better.
Castle : Then one day, the two of them meet on a train bound for Miami.
Castle : The connection is instantaneous.