House : - You Taddy? - Why?
House : Love the name. If I ever had a dog.
House : Take off his pants.
UNK: Hey.
House : Don't talk to her, listen to me.
Paramedic : He's vomited in excess of three units of blood.
Paramedic : - He needs to be admitted before... - If you wanted to be a doctor,
House : maybe you should have buckled down a little more in high school.
Paramedic : - Bite me. - What are you doing?
House : Exactly how close were you and Carnell?
Taddy : Not so close.
House : Spend a lot of time together in Jamaica?
House : Share a room?
Taddy : Wait, you don't think... Look, we're not gay.
UNK: - I'm not saying you're gay. - I'm saying you had sex.
Taddy : Look, we're not gay. We hardly even hung out.
UNK: Right. Guess you just flew him down to Jamaica
House : 'cause he won a contest.
Taddy : No, he's in my frat.
Carnell : All right, between school and wrestling
Taddy : and going home every break to work in his father's junkyard,
Taddy : Carnell didn't have any time to hang out with anybody.
House : It's not fungus.
Cameron : I already told you that.
House : There's no pustules, it's not staph.
House : His dad's what?
Taddy : His dad owns a scrap metal salvage yard.
Taddy : Carnell worked there during breaks.
Carnell : You lied.
Ken : What are you talking about?
UNK: Oh, yeah, of course, in this family,
UNK: you probably need more specifics.
House : You told us you owned a construction company, not a salvage yard.
Ken : I know the way things work.
Ken : The better my job, the better my son gets treated.
House : Right, that's why I'm mad,
House : we wasted all that filet mignon on you.
House : Did your kid find anything unusual the last time he worked for you?
UNK: No.
House : Braided wire?
UNK: Metal weights on each end, a lead canister, maybe just a lid.
UNK: Probably used it as a doorstop or a paperweight.
UNK: Why would he wanna...
House : Okay, here it comes.
Ken : I gave him an early graduation gift,
UNK: an old plumb I found, looks like a fishing weight.
Ken : Put it on a keychain, so he'd always remember where he came from.
UNK: So he could lie about it later?
House : - Where's the keychain? - I don't know, he never used it.
Ken : Just kept it as a good luck charm.
House : - Kept it where? - I don't know.
Ken : Why? Why does it matter?
House : Where are the kid's clothes?
Cameron : In the bureau back in his regular room.
House : - You two, get it to radiology. - His clothes?
House : The bureau. Don't open it.
House : You, come with me.
House : Set it down there.
House : Now get out of here, this thing's radioactive.
Foreman : The chances of radiation causing CNS symptoms?
UNK: Whoa.
House : Call the boys in the lead pajamas.
UNK: The radiation measurements weren't high enough
Foreman : to cause central nervous system damage.
UNK: It mightn't have caused nerve damage,
Chase : but it definitely destroyed his immune system.
UNK: And caused tumors.
Cameron : We don't know that. None of the MRis showed anything.
House : Do a PET scan. Check his cervical spine.
UNK: It's not gonna be good news.
Foreman : Mr. Hall, it's not good news.
Foreman : The piece of metal you gave Carnell
Foreman : was from an industrial device used to test wells.