Wilson : Patient experiences shock-like sensations
Wilson : as well as headaches, nausea, and drowsiness.
UNK: Shocks?
Wilson : Excruciatingly painful shocks.
Wilson : ER docs referred him to a neurologist,
Wilson : who referred him to five other doctors in the last seven days.
Cameron : Shocks could be Lhermitte's sign. Early symptom of MS.
Wilson : No. MRI showed no white matter lesions,
Wilson : and the shocks aren't accompanied by neck flexing.
House : - Good morning! - It's almost noon.
House : Really? That must be why I'm so hungry.
House : Who's up for lunch?
Cameron : What's with the jacket?
House : It keeps me warm and cool. How does it know?
Wilson : We're discussing your new patient.
UNK: Must be a boring discussion, seeing as I haven't accepted a new patient.
Wilson : You accepted him the moment I loaned you 5 grand.
House : Oh, wait, wait.
House : When I said I'd do anything for the money, obviously I didn't mean it.
UNK: You're gonna like this. The kid's getting shocked every few minutes.
UNK: Why would you need $5,000?
Chase : Bad night at poker, or great night with a hooker?
House : Thank you for saving me the trouble
House : of deflecting that personal question with a joke.
House : College student?
UNK: Nitrous oxide's fun at parties.
UNK: Caused the shocks, and drinking till we puke every night
House : can cause everything else.
House : - Give him some B12. - Been there, done that.
Wilson : Also ruled out cancer, MS, pyridoxine toxicity,
Wilson : and all the popular neuropathies.
House : - Cervical spondylosis. - Doesn't explain the low white count.
House : He's black.
House : I'm assuming he's not just really dirty, but is of African descent,
House : which means he'd have a lower white count.
Wilson : - Not this low. - He's a wrestler.
House : Probably uses diuretics to cut weight.
UNK: That can also cause low white count.
UNK: Not this low. "Not this low."
UNK: Behcet's. No skin lesions.
UNK: - Cervical herpes zoster, myelitis... - No external outbreak.
House : Something's missing. Find out what it is.
Foreman : - I don't even know what that means. - Well, figure it out.
House : Find it out, and then find me. I'll be at lunch.
Ken : - No ideas? - Lots of ideas.
Cameron : Too many ideas, that's why so many tests.
Cameron : Have you used any recreational drugs?
UNK: What? I'm gonna get mad at you for getting stoned?
Ken : Not today, not here.
Carnell : At Christmas, one of the guys had some ecstasy,
UNK: I mean, I... It was...
Carnell : Son of a bitch!
Foreman : ANA is negative for lupus, again.
Chase : House wants more information, not the same information done over again.
UNK: "Find what's missing."
Foreman : For all we know, the kid is dying and he's giving us riddles?
Cameron : Did a more detailed history, went back three generations.
Carnell : - And? - His mom died in a car accident,
Cameron : his mom's mom had arthritis, and his mom's mom's dad
UNK: served in an all-black tank battalion under Patton.
Foreman : Fascinating. If it's not a tumor, it has to be MS.
Chase : Wilson already ruled out...
Foreman : MRI can't rule out MS 100% of the time.
Wilson : - Doesn't explain the low white count. - Alcoholism does.
Foreman : On admission, his BAC was 2.0, liver enzymes off the chart.
Cameron : It was graduation weekend. He barely drank in the weeks before that,
Cameron : and he didn't drink at all during his wrestling season.
Foreman : - If you believe him. - I did a tox screen...