House : You invited my parents to dinner.
Wilson : Cameron's got a big mouth.
House : Not as big as yours.
Wilson : Hey! You used me to avoid seeing your parents.
House : - Well, what do you care? - I don't.
Wilson : I just thought it might be interesting to find out why.
UNK: - You could've just asked. - You would've lied.
UNK: And you would've believed me.
UNK: Which would've kept us both happy.
House : You want your money back? Is that what this is about?
UNK: No!
UNK: Wait, have you got the money?
Wilson : If you have the money, then why did you need the loan?
UNK: I didn't. I just wanted to see if you'd give it to me.
House : I've been borrowing increasing amounts
House : ever since you lent me $40 a year ago.
House : A little experiment,
House : to see where you draw the line.
Wilson : You're trying to objectively measure
Wilson : how much I value our friendship?
House : Hey, it's 5 grand. You've got nothing to be ashamed of.
House : So, what do you say? One little phone call, one big check?
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Thanks.
Wilson : Now, be a grownup
Wilson : and either tell Mommy and Daddy you don't wanna see them,
Wilson : or I'm picking you up at 7 : 00 for dinner.
Carnell : What do you mean? You just said that...
Wilson : I lied.
Wilson : I've been lying to you in increasing amounts
Wilson : ever since I told you you looked good unshaved a year ago.
Wilson : It's a little experiment, you know,
House : to see where you draw the line.
Cuddy : How's the patient?
Foreman : Haven't been in yet, today.
Cuddy : As long as he hasn't gotten any worse.
Cuddy : We're treating him for pesticide poisoning
UNK: without any proof of pesticides.
UNK: I'm gonna have a hell of a time
Cuddy : explaining that to our lawyer.
Foreman : I told House not to...
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Lawyer's not gonna believe this.
Ken : He's got his appetite back.
UNK: Whatever you did, it's working.
House : He's healthy, so all is forgiven.
House : Now I'm feeling nauseous.
Cuddy : He is not healthy.
UNK: Nausea and diarrhea were not his only symptoms.
House : The shocks have also decreased.
Cuddy : But not disappeared.
House : And he's out of the diaper,
House : which is good news for everyone.
Cuddy : What about his low white count?
UNK: Well, the little buggers need time to grow.
House : Don't worry, our wrestling Rastafarian will be back on his feet
House : and sneaking around behind Pop's back again in no time.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Check it again.
House : I'll be right there.
Cuddy : What happened?
House : Apparently I can save money
House : by switching to another long-distance carrier.
Cuddy : Oh, I was right, wasn't I?
House : Oh, yeah, it's always about you, isn't it?
Cameron : He has the chills and his temperature's spiking.
Cameron : - It's nearly 106. - What's that mean?
Ken : I mean, what's happening?
House : You want the truth,
House : or you want me to make something up to protect you?
House : We think a drunk driver broke into his room...
Ken : What's happening to my son?
House : The truth is I have no idea.
House : There's the fever that Cameron was looking for.
Cameron : We knew if it was myelitis, there had to be an "-itis".
Cameron : This must be the infection that set it off.
House : Yeah. Except in this universe, effect follows cause.
House : I've complained about it, but...
Cameron : Maybe the tests were wrong.
House : No. The tests were right. Yesterday he had no fever, no infection.
Chase : So he just happened to catch a bug while he was here?
Chase : That's all this is?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Because his white blood cell count was down, he was vulnerable.
House : Because it's really down, it might kill him.