Chase : That's all this is.
House : Is he still pooping his pants?
UNK: It just started again.
UNK: Again?
Chase : It stopped when he was getting better.
UNK: When he was feeling better. He was never getting better.
Foreman : So, all we have to answer is, what causes a 22-year-old kid
Foreman : to become immunocompromised
Foreman : with GI involvement and shocks?
UNK: Just stop and start for no apparent reason.
Cameron : And we need to find an answer
Cameron : before this infection kills him.
House : That would be the ideal.
UNK: You. Intravenous broad spectrum antibiotics.
UNK: You get a cervical, thoracic, and lumbar T2-weighted fast spin-echo MRI.
UNK: And you, track down all those Richie Rich's who went to Jamaica,
House : see if any of them have got the shocks, the trots or the hots.
UNK: The hots, it's the fever.
UNK: You guys gonna join us for dinner Thursday?
UNK: Gotta do my laundry.
Cameron : You're not curious?
Chase : I'm curious about crocs, but I don't stick my head in their mouths.
Foreman : I'm out, too. Look, House is a freak!
Foreman : There's no virus that causes that, no DNA mutation.
UNK: You're gonna have one dinner with two people.
Foreman : Sixty minutes, most of it spent chewing or talking about the weather.
Foreman : Unless they say something like,
Foreman : "Do you prefer the chardonnay or the merlot?"
UNK: and, "Oh, we kept Greg locked in a closet for 17 years".
UNK: You're not gonna learn anything.
UNK: Okay.
Cameron : We'd like to talk to some of your friends,
Cameron : see if they have any similar symptoms.
Ken : The doctors in the ER already asked me that.
Cameron : We understand,
Cameron : but they didn't have all the information that we have now.
Ken : What kind of information?
Cameron : Would you mind if I spoke with Carnell alone for a minute?
Ken : Is this bad news?
Cameron : No. It's just confidential.
Ken : Why is something suddenly confidential?
Ken : I mean, if you know something about my son,
Ken : I need to know what's going on.
Cameron : I'm sorry, I have to insist.
Ken : I'm his father,
Ken : and if I'm going to take care of him, I need to know the truth.
UNK: Dad.
Carnell : She wants to know who I went to Jamaica with.
Ken : You've never been to Jamaica.
Carnell : Taddy's dad flew a bunch of us down over spring break.
Ken : You told me you had two papers to write over the break.
Carnell : 'Cause I didn't want to come home and work my ass off.
Carnell : I wanted an actual break during a break for once.
Carnell : I shouldn't have lied to you.
Ken : No, what you should have done is come home
Ken : instead of partying with your rich friends.
Cameron : I'm sorry, we need those names.
Cuddy : What do you want?
UNK: To apologize.
UNK: I realize that my attention to the clinic has been somewhat lax of late,
UNK: and I wanna make amends.
House : How about tomorrow night? I take the night shift.
Cuddy : The clinic's closed at night.
House : Yeah, but I'm sure there's plenty of things to be done,
House : there's charts to be reviewed, supplies inventoried...
Cuddy : Dinners avoided.
House : You're going, too?
Cuddy : I love their Cobb Salad.
House : Give me a reason to get out of this,
House : and I'll tell you who started the rumor
House : about you being a transsexual.
UNK: - There is no such rumor. - There will be,
House : unless you get me out of this dinner.
Cuddy : No one's making you do this, House.
Cuddy : Just do what everybody else does.
Cuddy : Lie to them.
House : You lie to your mother?
UNK: Only since I was 12!
House : My mom's a human polygraph.
House : My dad should be taking her to Vegas, not the Louvre.
Cuddy : Trust me, your mom would much rather think
Cuddy : you have a business meeting than you hate her.
House : I don't hate her. I hate him.
Taddy : We all had headaches, nausea, vomiting.
Wilson : You know, we figured it was connected
Taddy : to the massive amounts of drinking.
Taddy : What, you think what happened to Carnell
UNK: has something to do with the trip?
Taddy : Don't know.
Cameron : You haven't had any unexplained pain
Cameron : or strange feelings since you got back?
UNK: No, except for a little athlete's foot, I'm fine.
Cameron : Can I see it?
Taddy : - See what? - Your feet.
Cameron : There's a common parasite in Jamaica
Cameron : that can resemble foot fungus.
Taddy : It's not really my feet.
Wilson : You know, I figured fungus is fungus.
Taddy : It's my groin.
Cameron : I'm going to need to take a look at that.
UNK: Now?
UNK: Unless you wanna come down to the hospital with me.
Taddy : No, no, I can't. I mean, I just started two days ago.
Taddy : We're right in the middle of a big merger...
Cameron : Then drop your pants.
UNK: Reilly, I need the... What the hell's going on here?
Taddy : She's a doctor.
Cameron : I'm a doctor, he has a rash, and a friend of his is...
UNK: Older Guy : Right. Well, as soon as she's done treating your rash,