Janine : No, I mean...
UNK: You're a nice guy, and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend.
UNK: I'm just, you know, I just...
Janine : don't feel that way about you.
Joey : I see what happened.
Joey : It's because I was trying to repel you.
Joey : Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Janine : -I don't think so. -Oh, I do.
UNK: How you doing?
UNK: I'm okay.
UNK: What?
UNK: What?
Joey : Oh, dear God!
Rachel : I'm so sorry. You're right. This feels great!
UNK: And you don't care if people stare. It's only a second. Then you're gone!
Rachel : It's amazing! I feel so free and so graceful!
UNK: Watch out for the horse.
UNK: Can I come in now?
Monica : -Why is everything different? -Bye.
Chandler : I don't see anything different...
Chandler : other than the fact that the room got brighter when you came into it.
Monica : The end table is wrong, the couch looks bizarre...
Monica : and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
UNK: Okay, don't be mad, okay?
Chandler : After I unpacked the boxes, I wanted to do something nice for you...
UNK: so I cleaned the apartment.
Chandler : So I moved everything around, and then I forgot...
Chandler : where it went back. I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe : That's okay.
Monica : Are you afraid of me or something?
Chandler : Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Monica : Of course not.
UNK: My gosh, Chandler, what you did is a wonderful thing...
Monica : and I really appreciate it.
UNK: I have this thing where I want everything in the perfect place.
Monica : But I'd never expect you to worry about that.
UNK: Really?
Joey : Of course.
UNK: Oh, you're the best.
Chandler : You come here to me.
Monica : Hold on, okay? First things first.
Monica : Did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
Ross : It said that by the year 2030...
UNK: there'll be computers carrying out the same number of functions...
Ross : as an actual human brain.
Ross : So, theoretically, you could download your thoughts...
UNK: and your memories into this computer..
Ross : And live forever as a machine.
UNK: Janine, do you know what we're doing right now?
Ross : You and I, we're interfacing.
Janine : I gotta go.