Chandler : Phone's done.
Chandler : -Hey, Mon. How's it going? -Terrible.
Monica : If I want something done right, I have to do it myself.
Monica : Other people just wreck stuff.
UNK: I think I might kill someone tonight.
Chandler : Come on, it can't be that bad.
UNK: The only thing getting me through...
UNK: is knowing I'll see you soon.
UNK: I might even try to get out of here early.
UNK: It sounds like they need you there.
UNK: -You're just hanging out with Ross? -It's all good! Okay, bye!
Chandler : She's gonna kill me.
Ross : The phone was facing the other way.
Ross : And that goes back up there.
UNK: This is good. This is under control. We should start with the big stuff.
Chandler : That'll be the easiest. Let's start with the couch.
Chandler : I got it.
Ross : That doesn't look right.
Chandler : What are you talking about? The couch is in line with the carpet.
Chandler : Then I can just walk over here and casually put my feet up on...
UNK: Okay, here's what we do.
UNK: We move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Ross : But then the back of the couch won't line up with the carpet.
UNK: Well, we'll just move the coffee table...
Chandler : closer to the couch.
Ross : But then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Chandler : But the coffee table doesn't match the table!
Joey : Look, what am I gonna do?
UNK: I'm not flirting, but I'm drawing her to me like a moth to a flame!
Joey : What the hell's going on over here?
Joey : Monica's gonna kill you!
Joey : I need your help.
Joey : I have to do something to repel this woman.
Joey : Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Joey : You guys repel women all the time!
UNK: Hey, I've been married three times.
Joey : No, I've seen it happen.
Joey : You get a rapport going with a woman, but somehow you manage to kill it.
UNK: Time after time after time after time.
Joey : What's your secret?
UNK: We do not repel women, okay?
Ross : That is completely untrue.
UNK: Oh, yes, we do, my man.
UNK: Remember when we went to a dance...
UNK: and you walked up to that girl you liked and talked...
Chandler : about the Irish potato famine?
Ross : What about you? You weren't so hot either.
Ross : After everything he said, he'd go..
Chandler : Monica doesn't like that either. I should stop doing that.
Ross : Girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Chandler : That's not specific to girls.
Joey : This is great. What else?
UNK: They don't like you correcting their grammar.
Chandler : And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Ross : They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
UNK: -Man, I am so lucky I have Monica. -I'm never gonna find love again.
Rachel : -Can I talk to you for a second? -Sure.
UNK: Phoebe, I just wanted to say I'm sorry, okay?