House : GI biopsy to confirm, chemo to treat.
Foreman : She's making that diagnosis based off a low-normal EKG.
UNK: Low-normal's still normal.
Foreman : That thing cannot be right.
House : Low-normal is still low.
House : And that thing does not have money riding on you being wrong,
House : like the rest of us do.
Foreman : Chase fixed this.
Thirteen : Oh, I think you're confusing Chase and Foreman.
Thirteen : I used to do that all the time.
Foreman : I know it's rigged!
Taub : Because you're Mr. Cool,
UNK: nothing could possibly phase...
UNK: Foreman yelling : 'Cause I took a beta blocker.
UNK: Foreman yelling : Both times, right?
UNK: Foreman yelling : His platelet count's still low.
UNK: Foreman yelling : Chemo's still a death sentence,
UNK: Foreman yelling : treating for amyloid with normal EKG
UNK: Foreman yelling : is like doing heart surgery on a guy
UNK: because he's 10 pounds overweight. It's insane.
House : We'll do it your way. Go shout at the patient till he gets better.
House : GI biopsy to confirm, chemo to treat.
Thirteen : Here's the dirty little secret.
Thirteen : I just think we are who we are.
Thirteen : And I think lotteries are stupid.
UNK: House loudly : Janet Hemorrhoid!
UNK: Janet she Gets Up Nervously And Whispers : That's not my name. It's why I'm here.
UNK: House smiling : Oh, I see, it goes across.
UNK: House smiling : We better make this fast 'cause I'm about to
UNK: House smiling : lose my medical license for malpractice.
UNK: House smiling : It's nothing unusual. Head of the hospital's about to lose hers, too.
Wilson : I heard Cuddy quadrupled your clinic hours.
House : Yeah, but you know what? I'm flying through patients.
Wilson : Arlene wants another meeting.
UNK: I know. I told my seconds to tell her seconds
House : that she gets no second chance.
House : Technically, it's a third chance, but I don't have thirds.
Wilson : Cuddy told her the same thing, more or less.
House : So you got us on the same page, after all.
Wilson : I've been thinking about your irrationality,
Wilson : and I've come up with a rational explanation for it.
House : That's quite a challenge.
UNK: You don't wanna let go of Cuddy.
Wilson : So you're clinging to the negative interaction
Wilson : because some small part of you thinks
Wilson : the bad stuff beats nothing at all.
House : Almost making this work.
UNK: All you gotta do now is change reality.
House : Perhaps if I was the one suing me.
Wilson : You didn't start it, but you had the chance to end it.
Wilson : And you didn't. You love her, House.
Wilson : And it's human to hang on, but you're blowing up not just your job
Wilson : but any chance of any kind of relationship with her again.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Hey.
Phil : What's that?
Cyrus : It's a check for $10 million.