Thirteen : She won't let us make a move until you agree to a sit-down
Thirteen : with the Godmother and her consigliere.
House : Bitch to king four.
UNK: Checkmate. Patient can't use his leg.
Taub : You have to concede.
House : Or I could just knock all the pieces onto the floor.
Cyrus : You're discharging me?
Taub : We really don't have a good lie here.
Thirteen : You got caught in some politics between our boss and his boss,
Thirteen : but you'll be out of here 20 minutes, tops.
Cyrus : I'm not better, but you're kicking me out?
Thirteen : Which is why it'll only be 20 minutes.
UNK: See, the Dean of Medicine acts tough, but she's not, really.
UNK: She'll step in, readmit you...
Phil : So, you're saying that she cares more about his treatment
Phil : than the doctor who's actually treating him?
UNK: Cyrus sitting Up And Looking At The Door : Phil, shut up.
UNK: Cyrus.
UNK: Jennifer?
Jennifer : It's good to see you.
Jennifer : I read about you in the paper, so I hopped the first train from Virginia.
Phil : So you read that he struck it rich?
Jennifer : He's right. It must look weird.
Jennifer : It kind of is weird.
UNK: But we're a long way from the 3rd Street Jetty.
Jennifer : I just wanted to see you again and say hi.
Jennifer : So, hi.
UNK: Hi.
Cyrus : I was starting to think I'd never find my...
Jennifer : Baby Bear.
Cyrus : Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
Cyrus : I'm so sorry.
Cyrus : I don't even feel nauseous.
Cyrus : I don't know why...
Thirteen : Your hand is shaking. Okay.
Thirteen : You're having a focal seizure.
Phil : What does that mean?
Taub : It means you're not getting discharged.
Taub : We were right that it's a brain issue
Taub : but wrong about toxic inhalation and metal poisoning.
Taub : Everyone else is waiting.
House : That was totally courageous of Khloé
House : to tweet about her weight gain.
UNK: House, we've got a patient with a seizure disorder
Taub : who can't walk. Another one?
UNK: I thought we kicked out the last one.
UNK: Cuddy entering The Room By House's Office : Obviously, I'll let you treat your patient...
House : What are you doing?
UNK: We've got a patient with a walking disorder who can't seize.
House : No, wait.
House : - I'm close, though, right? - I wasn't finished.
Cuddy : Of course, I'll let you treat your patient if you meet me halfway.
UNK: House lying Down Again : I guess I'm not finished either.
Cuddy : No clinic hours for the next quarter.
UNK: And three parking spots next to each other, so I can park diagonally,
House : and three pairs of your underwear.
House : I'm thinking of taking up sailing.
Cuddy : Forget it.
UNK: Cuddy entering The Room By House's Office : Treat your patient, don't treat your patient,
Cuddy : come to the meeting, don't come to the meeting,
Cuddy : I'm done playing your game.
House : You realize the game is automatically over when the loser loses, right?
Foreman : Neurological Lyme disease explains the seizures and the paralysis.
House : But not the fact that Chase seems to be treating you.
Foreman : He claims he can swear off sex indefinitely.
UNK: Also claims that I'm a boiling cauldron of repressed rage.
UNK: House leaning Forward, Talking Intently To Foreman While Checking The Monitor Screen : Your theory is idiotic.
UNK: House leaning Forward, Talking Intently To Foreman While Checking The Monitor Screen : Patient's antibody titers were negative for Lyme disease.
UNK: House leaning Forward, Talking Intently To Foreman While Checking The Monitor Screen : And I shared a motel room with your ex-girlfriend.
Foreman : You make a good point about the antibody titers.
House : He's a rock.
House : How's your brother? Homeless guy.
House : Haven't heard from him in months.