Wilson : and this hospital, and your mother, and possibly even House.
Wilson : And you're gonna say, "I'm sorry,"
Wilson : and not utter one syllable more.
House : 'Cause I'm an idiot? No, because if you don't,
Wilson : I'm gonna tell the pharmacy to stop issuing
Wilson : Vicodin prescriptions in my name.
House : I'm not paying for gas.
Cyrus : Anything look different?
Thirteen : Not yet.
Thirteen : Where's Jennifer?
Cyrus : She's embezzling money from my Swiss bank account.
Cyrus : That's what you think, isn't it?
Cyrus : I'm being taken for a ride?
Thirteen : I think she wouldn't be here if you were still fixing refrigerators.
Thirteen : One random set of numbers doesn't change human nature.
Cyrus : Those sets of numbers are what kept me going.
Cyrus : Clutching those tickets,
Cyrus : thinking about the life I could have,
Cyrus : finding Jennifer again.
Thirteen : So you figure if one long-shot dream came true,
Thirteen : the other one will as well?
Cyrus : You think you're protecting me.
Cyrus : I think you're sad.
Cyrus : Can't stand to see somebody happy.
Cuddy : Mom, here's a check.
Cuddy : It's a settlement for all you've been through.
Cuddy : Of course, you can stay in your home.
Cuddy : It was wrong of me to suggest otherwise.
Thirteen : I'm sorry
House : that we saved your life
House : in the way that we did.
UNK: B plus.
Wilson : I hope this resolves everything.
Wilson : I can tell you that both your daughter and Dr. House are deeply...
Arlene : This is 30 grand.
Wilson : Which is what you asked for.
Arlene : This covers pain and suffering.
Arlene : What about the probate lawyer?
UNK: Did you two...
Wilson : I have to change my will.
Arlene : Leave everything to Julia so this one doesn't try more funny business
Arlene : to get control of my home.
Wilson : I'm sure we can toss in another $2,500.
Cuddy : Well, I guess I'll have to kill you tonight, then.
Cuddy : Mom, I'm not interested in...
Arlene : You already think you own my body, why not my home, too?
Wilson : Everybody, stay calm and...
Cuddy : You have to lash out at everyone who tries to help you?
Cuddy : Live in your own kitchen sink, for all I care.
UNK: - Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! - Harsh.
Foreman : I didn't think you had a case before,
House : but that is no way to talk to a patient.
UNK: House sitting Down And Realizing : You are right.
Foreman : Chase has had his eyes on this one for months.
Taub : Meaning, he has eyes?
UNK: I paid her $100. Now, when he hits on her,
Foreman : might be tonight, might be next week,
Foreman : she's gonna slap him and storm off.
Taub : So, your plan is to prove you're both full of crap all in one move?
Foreman : First he'll compliment her hair.
Foreman : That's how he breaks the ice.
Foreman : Next comes some kind ofjoke or story.
Foreman : He's sharpening his harpoon...
Taub : Are my moves this predictable?
Foreman : She's grabbing his arm, he's going in for the kill...
UNK: Don't let it get to you.
UNK: We poured a lot of gas on the fire.
Taub : Ultrasound will give us a good look at the damage.
UNK: A little more gel.
Cyrus : I never made a will.
UNK: I wanna provide for you if I don't...
Jennifer : Stop it, will you?
UNK: I'd like you to hold your breath for a sec.
Jennifer : Your money,
Jennifer : there's charities, causes,
Chase : your family.
UNK: You gotta ask yourself,
UNK: "What's mattered to you most year in and year out?"
Taub : That can't be right.
Cyrus : Is it bad news?
UNK: No.
Taub : We've been pumping you with growth factor,
Taub : but you don't have any new cancers.
Taub : The tumors you had
Taub : all shrank.
Foreman : Three tumors disappearing means we were probably wrong about
Foreman : him missing a tumor suppressor gene.
Chase : How many mulligans are you gonna ask for?
Foreman : This test is what raised my blood pressure.
Foreman : I'm used to it now.
UNK: Go.
Foreman : If it's autoimmune,
Foreman : and he created antibodies that ended up fighting his own tumors...
UNK: Growth factor would've made the underlying autoimmune condition better.
Taub : Maybe it was never cancer in the first place.
UNK: Foreman annoyed : Of course, it was cancer. We biopsied.
UNK: It could've been a false positive.
Thirteen : Amyloidosis? His EKG voltage has been on the low end of normal.
Thirteen : What if the tumors were actually protein deposits?