UNK: "Find and build a life with the one woman I ever cared for."
Cyrus : Point is,
Cyrus : nothing's changed.
Cyrus : I live the same life, I eat the same food...
UNK: The same crappy canned food.
Taub : How many of your meals do you eat from a can?
UNK: Most of them.
Cyrus : I'm used to it. I order them by the case, online.
Cyrus : Is that bad?
Chase : You're worried about the trickle-down effect
Chase : of Cuddy versus House versus Cuddy.
Foreman : You're reading subtext into my silence?
Chase : House gets to you more than anyone.
Foreman : House thinks I'm a robot, you think I'm a wuss?
Chase : No. No, no, no.
Chase : I think you're repressed.
Chase : Well, it's out of your control.
Chase : Tough childhood, strained relations with your family.
Chase : Can't be easy trying to succeed in a white man's world.
Foreman : First of all, white man, I've done at least as well as you have.
Foreman : Second, I didn't think you'd take House's view
Foreman : that life sucks and we're stuck.
Chase : I think you're stuck.
UNK: Last month, I turned my life around. I'm happier than ever.
UNK: Sleeping with 10 women instead of four?
UNK: Mmm. Try none.
Chase : He was cutting metal, inhaled the dust?
Foreman : Unless he was snorting lines of the stuff.
UNK: None?
UNK: I was having tons of sex and I was bored, hating myself.
Chase : Was never gonna be ready when something real came along.
Foreman : So, you're becoming some kind of super monk,
Foreman : and I can't change at all.
Chase : I challenge you to go one differential
Chase : without House or anyone else getting under your skin.
Foreman : Since I say nothing gets to me and you won't take me at my word,
Foreman : how am I supposed to prove you wrong?
Chase : I guess you can't.
Chase : I hope that doesn't eat at you.
Chase : Off-brand solvent from China.
Chase : Made of God knows what.
Taub : Could be metal poisoning.
Chase : He also worked with cut-rate chemicals.
UNK: Could be inhalation of the toxic volatile substrate.
Thirteen : Treatment for both is chelation.
House : Great work.
House : Alkalinize his urine,
House : and force diuresis for heavy metal poisoning.
House : If that doesn't work, put him on dialysis for toxic inhalation.
Thirteen : I just said treatment for both is chelation.
House : I said force diuresis and try dialysis. You need a transcript?
UNK: You wanna put him on dialysis, risk infection and hemodynamic swings,
Foreman : when we can just chelate?
Chase : Whoa! Whoa!
Chase : Settle down.
House : If we chelate, we're not gonna know what disease he had,
House : which means we're not gonna know
House : if the problem was in his lousy, old job
UNK: or his still lousy new life,
House : which, for the purposes of a metaphorical argument, is very important.
UNK: Foreman opens His Mouth To Argue, Then Thinks Better Of It : Pointless to argue. He's the boss, he needs his puzzle solved.
UNK: Foreman opens His Mouth To Argue, Then Thinks Better Of It : Why bang our heads against a wall?
UNK: House entering The Elevator : When you're done with the patient,
UNK: House entering The Elevator : treat Foreman by banging his head against a wall.
Taub : Where's the dialysis machine?
Thirteen : Who cares, since I ordered chelation?
Thirteen : We'll flip a coin, tell House it was one disease or the other.
Thirteen : Worst case, he finds out, and he's impressed we defied him.
Thirteen : I'm sorry, I asked you to remove the dialysis equipment,
Thirteen : not the chelation equipment.
Nurse : And Dr. Cuddy asked me to remove all equipment.
Nurse : She de-authorized all treatment.