Foreman : We'll break into his place.
Cameron : Have fun.
Cuddy : - How's the patient? - Fine.
Cuddy : - Where are you going? - Dinner.
Cuddy : Oh, well, I'll join you, and you can bring me up to speed.
Foreman : Oh, sorry. Reservation for two.
House : When people give themselves away, it's by little things.
House : That woman over there... She's not sneering at her coffee.
House : She's recovering from Bell's palsy.
House : And the cashier at the coffee place...
UNK: She doesn't want anyone to know, but she's dying of ALS.
House : There's a particular sort of twitchy, stiff arm that's characteristic.
House : And then there's you.
House : Why aren't you wearing your cross?
UNK: I told you I left it at...
UNK: You keep jewelry cleaner under the sink so you won't have to go a day without it.
House : True, you forgot it that morning that our pipes burst,
House : but then you went back and waded through the flood to retrieve it.
UNK: So, why no wading today?
UNK: Didn't you bring a book to read, or something?
UNK: Nothing.
Foreman : Caffeine pills and amphetamines.
Foreman : Same stuff he told us he was taking.
UNK: And Topamax.
UNK: An anticonvulsant? But he said there was no history of prior seizure.
Chase : It's not even prescribed to him.
Foreman : Still doesn't explain his fever.
UNK: He's probably just using it for weight loss.
UNK: Just gives us another lie. He must really be devoted.
Chase : Should we check the home?
UNK: If he wanted to hide something from his wife,
Foreman : why wouldn't he hide it in the office?
UNK: Or maybe she's hiding something.
Chase : Nothing but aspirin and flu meds in the bathroom.
Foreman : Looks like this stuff's been sitting here for weeks.
Chase : Home improvement.
Chase : He probably thought he could take the project on,
Chase : then realized it was a little more than he could handle.
Foreman : You got a point to make, or did you just feel like giving a long,
Foreman : unnecessary explanation for something medically irrelevant?
Chase : What happened to the Foreman who always has an answer?
Chase : The guy who practically wears a sign saying,
Chase : "I'm as good as House, but I'm nicer."
Foreman : I never said that.
Chase : I guess it's safe to be confident when House is there to overrule you.
Chase : Now that it's all on you...
Foreman : It's different. Yeah.
House : Either you left it behind on purpose, or by mistake.
House : The only reason you'd leave it behind intentionally
House : is if it no longer meant anything to you.
House : But since it was a gift from your mom,
House : that would mean you had a fight with her.
House : But since you don't talk to ghosts, that's unlikely.
Stacy : Leave it alone, Greg.
House : Yeah, I'm good at that. So that leaves forgetting it unintentionally.
UNK: But then we have to explain why you didn't go back for it when you realized...
Stacy : I didn't realize until I got to the airport.
UNK: Nope. You were wearing makeup when you got to the airport.
UNK: You can't put on makeup without looking at yourself.
House : You can't look at yourself without touching that thing.
Stacy : Why does this matter to you?
House : It's an anomaly. Anomalies bug me.
UNK: Then you're gonna suffer.