Stacy : Don't say anything.
Stacy : Don't attempt to defend your billing practices.
Stacy : Your billing practices are indefensible.
House : We've been over this.
Stacy : If I thought you were capable of listening, I'd shut up.
House : That makes no sense at all.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : - Good afternoon. - Good afternoon.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : Every case you have rates a five on the complexity scale?
UNK: Dr. House has a rather specialized practice.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Okay. Then let's go through these.
House : All of these?
UNK: Medicaid Guy : If you have lunch reservations, cancel them.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : All right. Patient...
Foreman : If he didn't trip, something made him fall. Stroke, seizure?
Chase : Thirty people saw him trip. One person says he didn't.
UNK: Who are we gonna believe?
Cameron : His symptoms can all be explained by the head trauma.
UNK: It causes a contusion or a seizure. That causes the aphasia.
Cameron : We should get an EEG.
Foreman : If it was a stroke, could be a clotting issue.
Chase : Even if he fell, drug use is far more likely.
Chase : I'm ordering a tox screen.
Foreman : Chase. We're not done with the differential.
Chase : You're not my boss.
Foreman : I'm House's boss. House is your boss. The math is pretty simple.
Chase : Are you signing my paychecks? Are you hiring and firing?
Foreman : This is not about that.
Chase : The only thing you've been asked to do is supervise House,
Chase : in case he does something insane.
Cameron : Which might, you know, save a life.
Foreman : - Somebody's gotta be in charge. - Why?
UNK: What, do you think we should all just do whatever we wanna do?
Foreman : Maybe have a race to the diagnosis.
Cameron : I think it should be a discussion among peers.
UNK: I think we're grown-up enough to reach a consensus.
UNK: Patient, 62 years old. You prescribed Viagra.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : I look in vain for the words "erectile dysfunction"
UNK: in the notes for Dolores Smith.
House : She had a heart condition.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : And you ran out of nitroglycerin?
House : She also had low blood pressure, so nitro would be dangerous.
UNK: The little blue pills improve blood flow. They're vasodilators.
House : That's why you sometimes get headaches.
Cameron : I think Dr. House understands...
House : Of course I do. The woman has a heart condition, she's on her own.
House : A man can't nail his office assistant, it's national crisis time.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : Are you seriously expecting us to foot the bill for off-label use of medication?
House : Fine. I'll pay for it.
House : How much are the pills? She took how many?
Stacy : Put the money away.
UNK: Medicaid Guy : - Are you trying to bribe me? - No.
House : I could. There's an ATM in the lobby.
Stacy : My client's an idiot.
Stacy : But is he wrong about the pills?
UNK: Medicaid Guy : Off-label use is not sanctioned...
Stacy : You're retiring in three weeks.
Stacy : You've been doing this job nearly 20 years.
Stacy : Aren't you tired of administering policy that you disagree with?
UNK: Medicaid Guy : - I never said I disagree... - What can they do to you?
UNK: And Dr. House is sorry about his earlier outburst.
UNK: Absolutely.
House : You do background checks on Medicaid personnel?
Stacy : I do what's necessary for my client. Wow. New personal record.
UNK: Yeah. Timing's good for me, too.
House : Got a reservation at a little place in the Inner Harbor.
Stacy : You booked us dinner reservations?
House : Best Maryland crab in Maryland.
Stacy : - Don't you have a plane to catch? - Not for hours.
UNK: Your flight leaves at 7 : 00.
House : You did a background check on me?
UNK: And mine doesn't leave till 9 : 00 p.m. It looks like you'll be dining alone.
House : You checked on my flight so you could be sure to be on a different one.
UNK: I thought we were past the avoidance stage.
Stacy : I didn't think we'd be finished this soon.
House : Where's your crucifix?
Stacy : I left it at the jeweler's to be cleaned.
UNK: Right.
Foreman : This will show us if there's a problem with your carotid artery
Foreman : that might cause a blood clot.
Foreman : If it went to his brain,
Foreman : it could explain the aphasia and the falling down.
Elizabeth : And you're giving him an EEG. Is that for the same thing?
UNK: It's just a precaution. I think the trauma caused some swelling
Cameron : and we need to keep him stable until the body can repair the damage.
Greta : And you think they're both wrong?
Foreman : We're just covering all the bases. We're being safe.
UNK: His O2 stats are going down.