Chase : Any family history of neurological problems?
UNK: No.
Chase : Have you been out of the country in the last five years?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Three years?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Two years?
UNK: He stopped traveling for work two years ago, after we got serious.
Cameron : Any vacations?
UNK: His last one was six months ago.
UNK: This golf resort at Key Biscayne.
Greta : No way it was a golf resort.
UNK: Knowing Fletch, I assumed he was working his way through every bar in the Keyes,
UNK: a last hurrah before settling down.
Foreman : - Alcohol? - No.
UNK: Amphetamines?
Fletcher : - No. - You tested positive.
Elizabeth : He doesn't use drugs. I told you.
Elizabeth : When we got engaged, we decided we wanted a different kind of life.
UNK: And he dropped the macho journalism. No more taking crazy chances.
Elizabeth : That includes his health.
Greta : He asked me not to tell Elizabeth.
UNK: So he's been lying to her about his drug habit?
Greta : Well, yes and no.
Greta : BE, before Elizabeth, he used drugs recreationally.
Greta : I wasn't crazy about it, but that thrill-seeking behavior is what made him
Greta : the kind of journalist that he was.
Foreman : And now? AE?
Greta : Man's twisted himself into knots for her. Completely cleaned up his act.
Foreman : - But the drugs? - They're medicinal. Sort of.
Greta : He was having trouble sleeping.
Greta : This new suburban lifestyle. Lack of excitement was throwing him off.
Foreman : So he started with sleeping pills.
Greta : When they knocked him out, he needed something to perk him back up
Greta : during the day.
Chase : Every day?
Chase : No slippery slope there.
Fletcher : Keep the stain! Knife can't force.
UNK: We're not gonna tell your wife. We're not cops.
Foreman : There's a little edema, brain swelling, and an area of scarring.
Elizabeth : Is that what's causing the aphasia?
Foreman : Actually, that's what's odd.
UNK: The scarring's not in the area of the brain normally associated
Foreman : with conduction aphasia. And it's old.
Foreman : Happened before he hit his head.
Foreman : Maybe a small stroke or some other underlying condition that
Foreman : could be causing this.
Foreman : Or it might have nothing to do with it at all.
Foreman : Have you ever had head trauma before? An accident?
Foreman : Ever had any numbness on one side before? Dizziness?
Fletcher : What is the durable?
UNK: No.
UNK: All departing passengers for Flight Number 870,
UNK: the plane will be delayed by one half-hour.
Announcement : We apologize for any inconvenience.
UNK: I got you some coffee.
House : So, what do you want to talk about?
UNK: The scarring on the MRI could be anything.
Cameron : MS, toxins, any one of 100 demyelinating diseases.
Chase : If it's meningitis, we have to ID the bug fast.
Chase : We need to do a lumbar puncture.
Foreman : I'm not doing an LP with this edema. We could paralyze him.
Cameron : What does House say?
UNK: "The person you are trying to reach is out of the area or has turned off their phone."
Chase : So, what are your orders?
House : - We need more information. - There is no more information.