Foreman : Tell her there's been a miscommunication over their insurance coverage.
Foreman : Not a big deal.
Cuddy : Tell me. If it is your aim to sell me
Cuddy : the same crazy ideas that House does, how are you an improvement on House?
Foreman : I brought you a coffee.
Stacy : Your flight's been boarding for 20 minutes.
House : I'll take a later one.
Stacy : Greg, they can't leave without you.
Stacy : You checked your knapsack.
House : - Are we in? - Yeah.
House : Hi. I'm Gregory House. I'm your attending physician.
House : Your wife's not there. Start talking.
Fletcher : They took my stain. I couldn't tackle the bear.
Fletcher : They took my stain.
UNK: Okay, shut up now. Nice work, Cameron. Give him the list again.
Foreman : Let us know when something sounds right.
Foreman : Dirty, soiled, pain, brain...
UNK: Yes.
Foreman : Where does that get us?
Foreman : We're already paying plenty of attention to his brain.
UNK: We've got an MRI, got a CT...
UNK: Are we sure he wasn't reacting to "pain"? He's been on painkillers.
UNK: Oh, come on, Chase.
House : Drugs didn't do this to him, even if he is an addict.
Fletcher : I dissuade the tonal category.
House : Oh, please, Mr. Sleeping Pills, Amphetamines,
House : Bring Me Up, Bring Me Down...
UNK: Announcer In The Airport : Will passenger Gregory House please report to Gate 7.
UNK: Announcer In The Airport : Gregory House to Gate 7.
House : Ever hear this one?
UNK: You build a house. Each wall has a southern exposure.
UNK: A big bear comes wandering by. What color is the bear?
UNK: White. It's a polar bear. You built your house in the North Pole.
House : Polar. Whatever your name is. Patient! Are you bipolar?
UNK: What? I can't see. Is he nodding?
UNK: Yes.
House : Topamax isn't just off-label for weight loss.
UNK: It's off-label for mood disorders.
House : Plenty of bipolars are manic in the daytime, depressive at night.
House : He's been medicating for years with alcohol, sleeping through the bad hours.
House : It explains the danger journalism.
House : Explains everything, including the kitchen sink.
UNK: Okay, technically, it's the kitchen cabinets.
House : He starts a project, then he stops.
Cameron : Except bipolar disorder does not cause seizures.
House : And it doesn't shut down your kidneys. But what it does do...
UNK: Security Guy : Excuse me, sir. May I see your ID?
House : I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone.
UNK: Security Guy : Now, please.
UNK: House? What is it?
House : I'm a doctor. This is an emergency call.
UNK: You have to come with me, sir.
House : - I'm not going anywhere. - Do you think you're gonna take me on?
House : I kick and I bite.
UNK: Security Guy : You're either on that plane, or you're going into custody.
UNK: House?
UNK: Are you still there?
House : Being bipolar makes you take risks.
House : You seek excitement, you make up stories.
UNK: I dime value tale lever!
House : Fine, maybe your stories are legit. But people would start to wonder.
House : Annoyed politicians, entire governments would be on your ass.