UNK: So you couldn't tell anybody you were bipolar.
House : Which was fine.
House : Until you fell in love.
House : And you wanted that life.
House : And you hear that there's a surgical cure.
UNK: You can give the woman you love the life she wants.
House : All you have to do is change.
House : Bilateral cingulotomy.
House : An experimental surgery that some people claim helps mood disorders.
Foreman : And if it's done by Gamma Knife, there's no trace of cutting.
Foreman : That's the neural scarring we saw on the MRI.
Cameron : Which explained nothing, because it wasn't even in the right area.
House : It's not the surgery, it's the secrecy.
House : What causes recurring fever,
Chase : neurological problems,
UNK: lethargy that you fight with caffeine pills and amphetamines?
Cameron : It wasn't your secret psych disorder.
House : It wasn't your secret daily drug use.
UNK: It was your secret trip for your secret surgery
House : in Caracas or Buenos Aires.
House : Which, by the way, didn't work, given the state of your kitchen cabinets.
Cameron : House. Shut up.
House : What's going on?
Elizabeth : Is he right?
Elizabeth : Your doctors know you better than I do.
Elizabeth : That man on the speakerphone, he never even met you,
Elizabeth : and he knows you better than I do.
Elizabeth : You love me?
Fletcher : Yes. Yes.
Elizabeth : You just don't trust me.
House : Get some blood on a slide.
House : Do not put it through a computer this time.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : Cerebral malaria.
Cameron : I'll get him started on intravenous quinidine.
Foreman : If a human being had actually looked at his blood anywhere along the way,
Foreman : instead of just running tests through the computer,
UNK: the parasites would have jumped right out at them.
Cameron : Price of the electronic age.
UNK: Fletch.
Greta : She'll be back.
Greta : Give her time to miss you.
UNK: Final boarding call for Flight Number 7...
House : I'm counting on you to get me off the no-fly list.
Stacy : Is your patient gonna be all right?
House : - Physically, his chances are good. - Physically?
House : Two people who weren't meant to be together.
House : Maybe they'll get a happy ending just because they both want it so much.
Stacy : Yeah, that's usually the way it works.
House : He loved her enough to convince himself he could change.
Stacy : But he couldn't, could he?
Cuddy : Thank you.
Stacy : You know what Woody Allen said about relationships.
Stacy : Irrational and crazy, but we go through it all because...
House : We need the curry.