Foreman : - Fluid in his lungs. - I'll push 40 IV Lasix.
Foreman : We need to intubate. He's losing his respiratory drive.
UNK: Put him down. Put him down.
Foreman : And then there were two.
Foreman : Aphasia and fluid in the lungs. Seizure can't cause both.
Cameron : Neither can a stroke.
Foreman : Unless he had an abnormal heart rhythm.
UNK: And then there was one. Urine test was positive for amphetamines.
Foreman : Amphetamines don't cause pulmonary edema.
Chase : They do if you smoke them.
UNK: Well, in one of his books, he talked about giving up drugs and alcohol.
Foreman : How it changed his life.
Chase : Everybody lies.
Nurse : When he started wanting to hear every minute of my day,
Nurse : it should have been a clue he was the jealous type.
Nurse : But you know, in that first stage of a relationship,
Nurse : where it's like your body's full of these chemicals that
Nurse : make you think everything they do is charming.
Wilson : Excuse me.
UNK: Hello.
House : Hey, honey. How are the kids? Do they miss me?
Wilson : This may take a minute.
UNK: So, what's new with Mr. Aphasia?
Wilson : Cuddy called you?
House : Everybody covers their ass.
Wilson : Pulmonary edema. Chase did a tox screen. It came back positive for amphetamines.
Wilson : He did the dance of victory.
House : I'm betting there's another shoe.
Stacy : I thought the kids didn't call you.
House : I know the way you tell stories.
Wilson : Foreman went to talk to Stone about his drug test, found him running a temperature.
UNK: So it's not the drugs. They've just got such a bad rep.
UNK: Kid's Mother : Honey, you shouldn't do that.
UNK: Okay, I gotta hang up. They're probably trying to reach me.
Wilson : - You don't have call waiting? - I'm hanging up on you now.
UNK: It's $5 a month.
Cameron : Drugs don't cause fever.
Foreman : Encephalitis or meningitis are the obvious suspects.
Foreman : Start him on antibiotics.
Cameron : It could be an autoimmune disease. Lupus, Behcet's...
Cameron : We could start him on a high dose of steroids.
Chase : Except if he does have encephalitis, steroids could weaken his immune system.
UNK: Foreman.
House : How high a fever?
House : Put me on speakerphone. And why haven't you called me?
Foreman : 101. How'd you know?
UNK: What? You think you guys can have a party as soon as the parents are gone,
House : and I won't hear about it?
UNK: Start with broad-spectrum antibiotics for possible bacterial meningitis,
House : and an antiviral in case we luck out and it's herpes encephalitis.
Cameron : What if it's autoimmune?
House : Well, then we're screwed, which is why we need more information.
House : Any genetic issue with the family?
Foreman : The man can't talk. His medical records are sketchy.
UNK: And the wife's only known him a couple of years.
House : - MRI show anything? - The CTscan was negative.
UNK: "CT." That's like short for "MRI", right?
UNK: Excellent. That's going to save us a lot of time.
Chase : We've got an MRI scheduled in 20 minutes. Earliest Foreman could get the machine.
House : I teach you to lie and cheat and steal, and as soon as my back is turned,
House : you wait in line?
House : Get an MRI and get a better medical history.
Foreman : The man can't talk!
House : Who cares? He's probably gonna lie anyway.
House : My flight's a little late, I'll be back in a few hours.
Cameron : So, you're in charge of us because you're in charge of him?