Lily : Sweet.
Lily : A question mark? You got laid off a question mark?
UNK: Ow!
UNK: Hey! It's no worse than your super-obvious code words.
Lily : - Rhinoceros. - We have to go.
Lily : Great. Now we need a new code word.
Barney : It's her, it's Robin. What do I do? No, no, no, no...
Barney : Robin, great to hear from you. To what do I owe the pleasure?
UNK: You called, went...
Robin : and hung up. What do you want?
UNK: Barney to lily : Help me!
Lily : Just ask her something.
Barney : - How are you feeling today? - Fine.
Lily : Something personal.
Barney : At what age did you first get your period?
UNK: - Did you just ask me about my period? - No, I did not.
Robin : Look, Barney, I'm at work right now.
Lily : Just ask her out.
Barney : Robin, I was wondering if...
Barney : Nothing. Gotta go. Bye.
UNK: Ha, ha, ha.
Barney : That was just a practical joke. I'm not really in love with Robin.
Barney : You should've seen the look on your face.
Barney : There's cameras right there and there and there.
Barney : What a legendary prank that we're never going to speak of again.
Lily : Gross.
UNK: - First movie you ever saw. - Benji, 1981.
Stella : I watched it recently with Lucy and I just thought,
UNK: "That dog is so dead right now. "
Stella : What about you?
UNK: My dad took me to an old drive-in to see the original Star Wars.
UNK: You know, I've actually never seen Star Wars.
UNK: She's never seen Star Wars?
UNK: Ted, the only people in the universe who haven't seen Star Wars
UNK: are the characters in Star Wars, and that's 'cause they lived them, Ted!
UNK: - That's 'cause they lived the Star Wars. - You gotta calm down.
UNK: I told you. I told you you didn't know this girl well enough.
Marshall : What if you show it to her and she doesn't like it?
Ted : Dude, it's just a movie.
UNK: Ted, Star Wars is your all-time favorite movie,
Marshall : and whether or not Stella likes it is actually important.
Marshall : It's a test of how compatible you guys are.
UNK: Marshall, it's just a movie. It's just a movie.
UNK: Okay, if Stella doesn't like this movie,
Ted : - I can't marry her. - No, you can't.
Ted : - Want to watch it again? - Yes, I do.
UNK: Wait, where are the boys? I thought this was a group thing.
UNK: Yeah, I lied. They're not coming and I'm about to leave.
Barney : Why?
Lily : Because they're not in love with Robin, and neither am I.
Lily : I mean, she's great and sweet.
UNK: I'm not gonna pretend that I haven't noticed her body,
UNK: but this is off-topic. Good luck.
Barney : Wait, wait, I can't do this. She'll never take me seriously.
Barney : She thinks I'm some womanizing idiot.
UNK: Hey. We both know you're more than that.
UNK: Okay, just show Robin the Barney I met the other day.
Barney : You mean the insecure, touchy-feely she-male
Barney : - who sounded alarmingly close to Ted? - Hey, Ted hit that for over a year.
Barney : Wish me luck.
Ted : I just thought it'd be fun to watch a movie tonight,
UNK: and since you've never seen Star Wars, I figured, why not? No big deal.
Ted : - It's pretty good. - Sounds like a plan.
UNK: Hey, I'm just gonna grab a beer. You want one?
Ted : The movie's already started, so...
UNK: Yeah, it's just some words flying through space.
UNK: - I mean, I'm not going to read that anyway. - Oh, my God.
Marshall : - Off to a bad start. - What are you doing down there?
Marshall : I'm making sure my best friend is marrying the right woman.
Marshall : That's what I'm doing.
UNK: Dude, what the hell are you doing, hiding behind the couch?
Ted : You need to get a job.
Marshall : - I really do, don't I? - Yeah.