UNK: But if you're lucky,
UNK: she may answer with the single greatest word in the English language.
Stella : Yes.
UNK: Stella and I spent that summer happily engaged.
UNK: Marshall was still coping with unemployment.
UNK: Marshall to lily : What are you doing?
UNK: Lily threw herself into her painting.
UNK: Marshall to lily : What are you doing?
UNK: Barney was rehabilitating from his bus accident.
UNK: Marshall to lily : What are you doing?
UNK: And, well, Marshall just kept coping with unemployment.
UNK: Marshall to lily : What are you doing?
UNK: And Robin continued to uphold
UNK: the high journalistic standards of Metro News 1.
UNK: Is your favorite brand of dental floss poisoning your entire family?
UNK: Tune in at 11 : 00 for the shocking tooth.
Robin : Okay, I officially hate my job.
Robin : I'm not a reporter, I'm just someone who shows up at night and scares people.
UNK: I'm the boogeyman with a teleprompter.
UNK: "Boogeyman with a teleprompter. "
Barney : That's hilarious! Great joke, Robin, great joke.
Lily : Barney, no offense to Robin, but that wasn't that funny.
Barney : Are you kidding? That was a great joke.
Barney : It's smart, funny, beautiful, it's the whole package.
Barney : It's everything you're afraid to let yourself want.
Barney : In a joke.
UNK: "Boogeyman with a teleprompter. " That's classic.
UNK: Okay, what is so urgent
UNK: that you called me and begged me to come over at 7 : 22 in the morning?
Barney : I could tell you knew something was up with me, and you're right.
Barney : But I can't tell you what it is.
Barney : I should tell you, but I can't! I have to. I never will!
Barney : I'm going to. Let's just drop it. What's up with you?
Lily : Barney, just say it.
Barney : I think I'm in love with Robin.
Marshall : Hey, Lily needs some gift ideas for Stella's wedding shower.
Marshall : Does she like to cook?
Ted : - Actually, I don't know. - What's her favorite color?
Ted : - Don't know that, either. - Well, does she have any hobbies?
Ted : Yes, she's exactly the kind of person who would have hobbies.
Ted : And interests, too. I am one lucky son of a bitch.
Marshall : Dude, you don't know anything about the woman you're marrying.
Ted : - What? You're crazy! I know plenty. - What color are her eyes?
Ted : - The color of the ocean after a storm. - Which is?
Barney : Beautiful.
Lily : I don't believe it.
Lily : I thought you called me over here to uncuff you from your sex swing again,
Lily : but you're in love? That is so sweet!
UNK: It's not sweet. It's like a disease.
Barney : I slept with Robin one time and I caught feelings.
Barney : I caught feelings bad. I used protection and everything.