Barney : So, Robin, tell me about your day,
Barney : and not just what happened, how you felt about what happened.
Ted : What?
Barney : I'm not looking to problem-solve, I'm just looking to listen.
Robin : - Why are you acting like this? - Like what?
UNK: You're being super-nice. It's freaking me out.
Robin : Be gross, be inappropriate. Be Barney.
Barney : I'm being Barney,
Barney : and I think tonight's going to be de... Wait for it... lightful.
Barney : - Delightful. - Right.
UNK: Hey, so I went to the chiropractor yesterday.
Robin : That guy bent me over the table and pounded me for a good hour.
UNK: Is insurance gonna cover that? Sometimes they don't.
UNK: That's it? Okay.
UNK: Well, today I was at the dentist. That guy drilled me all day long.
Robin : He drilled me hard. He filled all of my cavities.
Robin : - Come on, man. - Well, your teeth look fantastic.
Robin : Who are you?
Ted : What?
Barney : Nothing.
Stella : You were staring at me.
Ted : You look really beautiful tonight.
Stella : You don't look so bad yourself, mister.
UNK: Yeah, great scene, great scene.
UNK: Star Wars fun fact number seven,
UNK: George Lucas based the film's structure on Akira Kurosawa's The Hidden Fortress.
UNK: He also owes a debt to Joseph Campbell's work with comparative mythology.
Stella : Yeah, Ted, I'm losing wood over here. What's going on?
Barney : Nothing.
Stella : Wait, it's really important to you that I like this movie, isn't it?
Stella : No.
UNK: Well, I'm not gonna like it with you staring at me the whole time.
Stella : Go to your room and I will come get you when it's over.
UNK: Ted 2030 : - Stella... - Go.
Marshall : Should I leave, too?
UNK: What part? What part? What part?
Barney : Thanks.
Robin : Nothing? Not even a glance?
UNK: I mean, even I was thinking about rocking a motorboat on those bad boys.
UNK: What the hell is wrong with you, Barney?
Barney : I don't always want to be that guy.
Barney : Sometimes I want to be someone you can have an actual conversation with.
Barney : Now, tell me something about you that I don't know yet.
Barney : Seriously.
Robin : Okay.
Robin : There's a job opening at a new cable network that would be perfect for me.
Robin : Completely legit world news, interviews with people who matter...
Robin : But I decided I'm not going to apply.
Ted : - Why not? - Because I'm a joke.
Robin : I'm just the scary news lady from some stupid local news channel.
UNK: Hey, we both know you're more than that.
Barney : Promise me you'll apply.
UNK: - Barney, it's not as easy... - Promise me you'll apply.
UNK: Okay. I promise.
UNK: Okay, she's up to the scene
UNK: where Luke, Leia, Han and Chewie escape from the Death Star's trash compactor.
Ted : - Great scene. - Great scene.
Marshall : Okay, we should have just heard...
Marshall : But Stella didn't make a peep.
Ted : - I'm gonna take a look. - All right.
Ted : She's not even watching. She's texting.
Marshall : - I'll tell her you still want to be friends. - I don't believe this. I believe...
Ted : She knows this is important to me. She's blatantly...
UNK: "Stop watching me, jackasses. "
Barney : - To taking chances. - To taking chances.
Barney : You know, Robin, there's actually something
Barney : I do want to talk to you about.
Barman : - Last call. - Of course it is.
Barney : - One more for the road? - Yeah, why not? Hold that thought?
Stella : I will.
Stella : - I loved it. - Yes!
UNK: Yes, I am marrying a woman who is not only hot but loves Star Wars.