UNK: Look, Stella, that is Ted's favorite movie of all time.
Marshall : He watches it when he's home, sick with the flu.
Marshall : He watches it on rainy Sunday afternoons in the fall.
Marshall : He watches it on Christmas Eve.
UNK: Ted watches Star Wars
Marshall : in sickness and in health, in good times and in bad.
Marshall : Do you really think that you can pretend to like a movie that you actually hate
Marshall : for the rest of your life?
Ted : I do.
UNK: Well, then, Ted's a lucky guy.
Stella : Bear.
Marshall : - Hey. - Hey.
Barney : - So, here's the deal... - April, have you met Barney?
UNK: - Hi, Barney. - Hello.
Robin : April just finished her shift, and she's looking to blow off some steam.
Barney : Would you excuse us for one sec?
UNK: Marshall to lily : - What are you doing? - Well, you were so nice to me tonight,
Robin : I wanted to return the favor, wingwoman style.
UNK: So, as I was saying, April, Barney is the Yankees' new second-baseman.
Robin : And Barney, April asked if tomorrow,
Robin : you could hit a goal for her during the baseball match.
Robin : You can't make this stuff up.
Robin : So, you two kids have fun.
April : So, are you nervous about the game?
Barney : Yeah, I'm nervous for the other team, 'cause when I step up to that plate...
UNK: Look, April, I am not a New York Yankee.
Barney : Any other night, I would probably try to convince you that I am, but I'm not.
Barney : I'm just some guy who's in love with the girl that just left,
UNK: and she's never gonna feel the same way.
UNK: So I'm just gonna go.
Barney : - And that was it. - I'm so sorry, Barney.
UNK: But you can't give up.
Lily : You know, it may take some time, but once Robin really sees the new you...
UNK: Barney, when my family gets to Yankee Stadium,
April : are the tickets under your name or mine?
Barney : My name, and tell your nephews to bring their mitts.
UNK: - They're going to be in foul-ball country. - Okay.
UNK: Come on. Okay, well, the Robin stuff was completely true.
UNK: Ow!
Lily : Damn it, Barney.
Lily : I mean, for the last time, you can't, you can't be in love with Robin
Lily : and still be sleeping with every bimbo on the planet.
Lily : You have to choose right now.
Barney : - I choose bimbos. - What?
UNK: Hey, Lily, bimbos make me happy. Bimbos make me feel alive.
Barney : Bimbos make me want to pretend to be a better man.
Barney : This whole thing with Robin was just a fling,
Barney : but at the end of the day, my heart belongs to bimbos.
UNK: No, no, this is just a defense mechanism because you're afraid of getting hurt.
Lily : You're just confused.
UNK: I'm not confused, Lily. You know who is confused?
Barney : Bimbos. They're easily confused.
Barney : It's one of the thousand little things I love about them.
Barney : I love their vacant, trusting stares,
Barney : their sluggish, unencumbered minds, their unresolved daddy issues.
UNK: I love them, Lily, and they love me.
Barney : Bimbos have always been there for me, through thick and thin.
UNK: Mostly thin. B-man don't do thick crust. What up?
Lily : See you, Barney.
Stella : Oh.
UNK: - Chimichanga. - We have to go.