UNK: Barney, you don't catch feelings, you just have them. And they're good.
Barney : They're terrible! I can't eat, I can't sleep.
Barney : She's all I think about. I close my eyes, I see Robin.
UNK: - I... I hear a song, it reminds me of Robin. - Morning.
Barney : I sleep with that chick, I'm thinking about Robin.
Ted : Okay, so I don't know every single detail about Stella.
UNK: What's this really about? Do you not like her or something?
Marshall : No, Ted, I like Stella a lot.
Marshall : - She's a Mets fan. - Really?
UNK: It's just that everything with you guys has moved so fast.
Marshall : You've only known each other a few months.
Marshall : Don't you think maybe you should slow things down a little bit?
Marshall : Get to know each other better?
UNK: I'll have a whole lifetime to get to know her better.
UNK: Right now, I know the one thing that I have to, that I love her.
Lily : You love her? Barney, how can you be in love
Lily : and still be sleeping with anything that moves?
Barney : I'm sorry, I don't follow you.
Barney : That's like saying, "How can an ant carry 20 times its body weight,
UNK: "but root beer floats are still delicious?" Are the two even related? Really?
UNK: Ow!
Lily : Barney, you're going to have to stop screwing around
Lily : if you want to be Robin's boyfriend.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Boyfriend? I don't want to be Robin's "boyfriend. "
Lily : Well, what do you want, then?
Barney : I don't know. I just want to be with her. All the time.
Barney : I want to hear about her day and tell her about mine.
Barney : I want to hold her hand and smell her hair.
Barney : But I don't want to be her stupid boyfriend.
Lily : Barney, what you just described
Lily : is a relationship between a boyfriend and a girlfriend.
Lily : And a pretty clingy one at that.
Barney : Look, Lily, are you going to help me out with this or not?
Lily : I'm a kindergarten teacher.
Lily : I see a confused little kid in the corner trying to eat the lefty scissors,
UNK: I gotta help the poor little bastard. But only if you stop sleeping around. Deal?
Lily : Deal.
Robin : Coming up next,
UNK: is your local ice-cream man actually driving a roving meth lab on wheels?
Robin : Stay tuned for the full scoop.
Ted : Really?
UNK: - Uh-huh? - Mmm.
Stella : I know dudes think it's girlie for a guy to cook, but us ladies?
Stella : - We find it mighty sexy. - Really?
Ted : You know, my grandma taught me how.
Stella : - Oh, yeah, she did. - Yeah.
Ted : Yeah, I had a lot of time after school to watch her cook,
Ted : - because I wasn't good at sports. - I'm on fire right now.
Stella : Delicious. What's in this pesto?
UNK: You know, the usual. Basil, garlic, olive oil. But can you guess my secret ingredient?
Stella : - Peanuts. - Yes. How did you know that?
UNK: - Okay, let me think. What else? - You know what, sweetie?
Stella : I woke up so early, and I had a really long day at work.
UNK: And then there was that whole thing where you tried to kill me.
Stella : Can we please just go to sleep?
Ted : No, I clearly need to know more about you.
Ted : - Let's do firsts. First kiss? - Dale Harris, second grade.
UNK: Wait, you're talking like peck on the cheek or a full-on passionate making out?
Stella : - Passionate making out. - Okay, yeah, Dale Harris, second grade.
UNK: First time you had sex.
Stella : - Dale Harris, second... - Stop it.
Stella : - Billy Devito, sophomore year of college. - Prude.
Ted : Molly McKenzie, junior year of high school.
Stella : Slut.
Lily : Robin just needs to see this new side of you.
Barney : - So just call her up? - Just call her up.
Ted : It's...
UNK: Barney on the phone : - She wasn't there. I left a voice mail. - You left a voice, but it wasn't male.
Lily : Barney, I don't get it. You've called a million girls a million times.
Barney : Yeah, but those were just booty calls.
UNK: On a booty call, you barely even have to talk.
UNK: Around 9 : 00 p. m., you say...
Barney : Hey, baby, it's Barney. You busy tonight?
Barney : Sweet. See you in half an hour? Can't wait.
UNK: But the later it gets, the fewer words you need.
UNK: Barney. Busy? Sweet.
UNK: And by 3 : 00 in the morning...