Ryan : We were working the 3XK serial murders last year.
UNK: We had a suspect in custody who had given us a full confession.
Ryan : At which time Castle and I went to the motel...
UNK: Captain Gates : Castle was with you?
Beckett : Yeah, the NYPD sequestered Jerry Tyson at a motel as a witness,
Beckett : and Castle and Ryan went over there to give him the all clear.
Gates : At which time you realized that Tyson actually was 3XK.
RYAN : Yes, sir.
Ryan : Tyson got the drop on us and left with my gun and badge.
Beckett : Look, Detective Ryan was cleared of all wrongdoing by the IAB.
GATES : I don't care whose fault it is.
Gates : All I care about is mitigating the damage.
Gates : Which means we track down Jerry Tyson like the animal he is,
Gates : and we haul him into custody.
Ryan : Yes, sir.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Castle : You okay?
Ryan : I will be when Jerry Tyson's in cuffs.
Esposito : Beckett, McQueen's alibi checks out.
UNK: Waitress confirms he w as at Angeli's Diner on t he East Side until closing.
Beckett : All right, cut him loose.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : You know, Ryan, if Tyson is the shooter, that explains Jane.
Castle : No direct motive, just fits his profile.
Castle : She's young, she's blonde.
BECKETT : Yeah, but 3XK strangled those other women.
Beckett : Why would he use a gun now?
Castle : He told me he likes to change up his MO.
UNK: Yeah, he must've mentioned that
Ryan : when I was out cold on the floor.
Castle : You know, Ryan, none of this is your fault.
Castle : The fact that he used your gun...
Ryan : That weapon was issued to by the City of New York.
Ryan : I let it out of my hand, and now a girl is dead.
Ryan : So please do not tell me tha it's not my fault.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
UNK: I'm gonna start a canvass at Jane's apartment.
Ryan : Have them show Tyson's photo around.
Ryan : Find out when Jane's roommate's back in town.
BECKETT : Okay.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : It's a cop thing, Castle.
Castle : No, I get it.
Esposito : Yo, CSU pulled information off Jane's Metro Card and ATM records.
Esposito : She spent most of yesterday at Grand Central Station.
UNK: Yeah, over a four-hour period, she made multiple withdrawals