UNK: And who's that with her?
Ryan : Finn McQueen. Jane's ex-boyfriend.
UNK: But he told us he hasn't talked to Jane in weeks.
Beckett : Jane was leaving town with Finn?
Esposito : Nah, he's too tall for the clothes in that ba It's not him.
RYAN : Yeah.
Ryan : Looks like he's trying to talk her out of going.
Beckett : What's that in his jacket?
UNK: BEEPING
Ryan : That would be a weapon.
Beckett : Looks like a Glock.
Beckett : CSU found it under your mattress.
Beckett : Where'd you get the gun, Finn?
UNK: I notice the serial numbers have been filed off
UNK: and that it's the same type of weapon that was used to kill Jane.
Finn : That is not mine.
Finn : And your guy confirmed my alibi.
Beckett : Alibis can be bought.
Beckett : Video doesn't lie.
Beckett : You knew that Jane was leaving town,
Beckett : and you knew she was in love with someone else. Didn't you?
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Beckett : He keeps saying he didn't do it,
Beckett : but that's a man with a guilty...
ESPOSITO : Beckett.
Esposito : We got word from Ballistics.
UNK: No match. Gun's a Glock 17, but it's not mine.
CASTLE : I know who the killer is!
Beckett : Castle, we just got some bad news, so no hypotheticals.
Beckett : Just give us a name.
Castle : I have to start at the beginning...
UNK: Name.
UNK: Jinhai Li Chang.
UNK: Okay, start from the beginning.
Castle : Thank you. So I realized last night
Castle : 3XK would never give a cop's gun to a friend.
Castle : A gun that hot would be a curse, not a blessing.
Castle : But he would give it to an enemy. So?
Castle : So I went over all the incident reports
Castle : involving Jerry Tyson during his four years at Sing Sing,
Castle : and one report in particular stood out.
Castle : Tyson got into it with a guy in the weight yard,
Castle : and he ended up in the infirmary with a broken jaw.
UNK: The jawbreaker's name, Jinhai Li Chang.
Castle : Look familiar?
UNK: That's Philip. Clifford Lee's oldest son.
Castle : Apparently, Papa Clifford anglicized the family's names
Castle : when they moved into the country,
UNK: but he never bothered to make them legal.
Castle : That's why it took me so long to find it.
UNK: When Philip got his weapons charge in 2008,
Castle : he was booked under his Chinese name.
UNK: But Philip and Tys on were sworn enemies,
UNK: why would Philip accept the gun?
Castle : The two eventually became friends.
Beckett : It happens.
Castle : Not with Jerry Tyson.
Castle : That guy doesn't have any friends. He's a psychopath.
Castle : He wanted payback and he was willing to wait.
UNK: Tyson sold Philip my gun, hoping he'd use it in the future.
UNK: Then when Philip found out that Jane was an informant,
Beckett : he did just that.
UNK: Actually, Philip's motive may've been
Esposito : a little more personal than that.
Esposito : The barcode on the inhaler we found in Jane's bag,
Esposito : that inhaler was issued to one Ling Mai Chang,
Esposito : better known as Ben Lee.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Jane was leaving town with Ben?
UNK: So student, tutor become boyfriend and girlfriend.