UNK: Clifford Lee : if you wish to verify this information.
Ryan : We will.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Hey, Dad. What's all that?
Castle : Convict reports.
Castle : I'm trying to figure out which bad guy Jerry Tyson gave Ryan's gun to.
MARTHA : Any luck?
Castle : I'm looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: Something in that box has a link to Tyson. I'm just not seeing it.
Alexis : Well, I'd offer to help, but I've got all these complaint letters to read.
Beckett : What, did you drop out of school
Castle : and get a job in consumer relations?
UNK: No.
Alexis : The senior class made me
Alexis : their executive liaison advocate to the administration.
Castle : Well, that sounds like quite an honor.
Alexis : Not really.
Martha : Ivy League schools look fondly on applicants
Martha : who serve in student government.
Martha : Alexis is beefing up her resume
Martha : before she reapplies to Stanford.
Alexis : Or anywhere. If I even go to college at all.
Alexis : Chelsea's been our advocate for the last three years.
Alexis : And when I told her I wanted to be more involved,
Alexis : she offered to step aside and let me take over the position.
Castle : Well, that was nice of her. Not really.
UNK: Again with the "not really."
Alexis : I didn't know when I agreed to do it, but you just sit there
Alexis : for hours and hours and listen to everyone complain.
Alexis : I think Chelsea just got tired of it
Alexis : and figured she could stick me with the job.
Alexis : And I thought she was my friend, but I guess...
Alexis : Not really.
UNK: MARTHA CHUCKLES
Martha : Face it, kiddo. Chelsea set you up.
UNK: CASTLE LAUGHS
Castle : She set you up.
Castle : Your friend set you up.
Ryan : The Lees' entire household staff
Ryan : confirms that the family was at home watching television
Ryan : the night Jane Herzfeld was killed.
Seth : Yeah, well, there's no surprise there.
Beckett : Hey, how'd it go at Grand Central?
Esposito : Good. I found this.
Esposito : Check the tag. It belongs to Jane Herzfeld.
Ryan : Where was it?
Esposito : At the mailbox center where Jane bought a box.
UNK: She was using it as a locker to hold this bag,
Esposito : along with $500 in cash.
Ryan : There's men's clothes and toiletries mixed up in here.
Esposito : And two tickets on the late train
Esposito : to Phoenix for the night she died.
Esposito : She was looking to get out of town, but she wasn't going alone.
Ryan : No names, so who was going with her?
Beckett : Her mystery man.
UNK: Her roommate said that she was dating someone.
Beckett : Someone who had some stuff to work out.
Ryan : And Carver kept hassling h to betray the Lees.
Ryan : Maybe they figured it was just smarter to get out of town.
Ryan : But why Phoenix?
UNK: Maybe a drier climate.
Esposito : It's an asthma inhaler.
Esposito : But according to the autopsy report Jane didn't have asthma,
Esposito : so it must have belonged to the guy.
RYAN : There's no prescription sticker, but there's a barcode.
ESPOSITO : Yeah, I'm gonna call the manufacturer and have them trace it.
Esposito : Oh, and in case her traveling companion was waiting outside for her,
Esposito : I pulled video from the bank security cameras
Esposito : next door to the mailbox center.
BECKETT : Okay, stop. There's Jane.