Beckett : Oh, yeah.
UNK: How was Jane supposed to help you get to Clifford Lee
Ryan : based on one coke buy off his kid?
Seth : When it comes to education, Clifford Lee is old-school Chinese.
Seth : His sons may be drug-dealing criminals,
Seth : but they still need to graduate college.
Esposito : Ben Lee was one of her students.
Esposito : She was tutoring him.
SETH : Twice a week she was in their house.
Seth : I told her I would drop the possession charges
Seth : if she brought me some solid intel on Lee's criminal operations.
Seth : She said okay.
Seth : And somehow she tipped them off and they killed her.
Ryan : That's it?
Seth : I just handed you a solid lead. What? He wants more?
Ryan : Yeah, how about the truth?
UNK: Come on, Ryan, keep it together.
UNK: You expect us to believe that you worked the case for years,
UNK: and then one lucky Saturday night
Ryan : you just happen to roll up on the perfect CI?
Ryan : I did my time in Narcotics, Carver.
Ryan : I know a shortcut when I hear one.
UNK: Well, gee, Ryan. If I didn't know any better,
Seth : I would think you were accusing me
Seth : of something untoward. Whoa. Hey.
Ryan : You targeted Jane Herzfeld.
Ryan : You planted those drugs in her car
Ryan : and then you made her help you out.
Ryan : You sent her in there alone.
UNK: No backup, no protection, and now she's dead.
Seth : Yeah, well, I didn't make her dead.
Ryan : The hell you didn't. You may've not pulled the trigger,
Ryan : but you're as guilty as the creep who did.
UNK: What about you, man? Hmm? Look at yourself.
Seth : Word around the house is that that creep used your gun.
Seth : What kind of cop can't keep a hold of his own weapon?
UNK: What'd you say to me? Huh? Let's go.
Ryan : Say it! Say it! I want you to say it! Say it to my...
UNK: Hey, break it up. Break it up.
Beckett : We're all cops here. Okay?
UNK: If you're all done, I think I'll take my leave now.
Beckett : Yeah. Thanks for your help, Carver.
Seth : You got it.
BECKETT : What are you trying to do?
Beckett : You want the Captain to come in here?
Beckett : Go cool off.
UNK: That guy's a jerk.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Ryan : When I started in Narcotics,
Ryan : I was so green, I didn't know how things got done.
UNK: One day there was this major bust, street gang cooking meth.
Ryan : They're stacking up guys in the bullpen,
Ryan : taking their statements one by one. The place is a zoo.