UNK: Richard Castle : Grande skim latte, two pumps sugar-free vanilla.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Castle, I think you've read my mind.
UNK: WINCES
UNK: Surgery?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Sometimes the scar pulls a bit.
Castle : And you still don't remember anything about that day?
Beckett : No, it's blank.
CASTLE : Thank you.
Castle : Wow, who knew cement overcoats would be back for fall?
UNK: I need to chisel at the concrete by hand before I can autopsy,
UNK: Lanie Parish : but it's pretty clear she was shot to death.
RYAN : Found these two slugs in the dirt. Looks to be a 9-mm.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : The guy was a pro. Double tap.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : One to the back of the head, she falls,
UNK: and hits her again to make sure.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Buries her in the sand...
Beckett : And then waits for the cement truck to come in in the morning
Beckett : to finish off the job.
UNK: Execution-style murder? Cement trucks?
Castle : Can anyone else say, "Mob hit"?
Castle : I'm looking at concrete evidence right here.
UNK: Is that purse from in here?
Ryan : Yeah, according to her Pearce College ID,
Ryan : our victim's name is Jane Herzfeld.
Beckett : College student? It's not a typical mob victim.
UNK: I called in a favor to Ballistics. We should get results today.
UNK: Did you reach the next of kin?
UNK: The mother's on her way in.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Jane was an only child.
Ryan : That's a hell of a thing.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : She also had a roommate,
UNK: in Michigan, visiting folk but she's back tomorrow.
Ryan : What was this girl into that got her dumped into a ditch?
UNK: As far as I can tell, all she was into was tutoring other students.
Esposito : She was booked solid till the day she died.
UNK: What's weird is that she canceled her appointment that morning.
UNK: The students say that it wasn't like her.
Esposito : She was super conscientious.
Ryan : Did she tell them why she was canceling?
Esposito : All she said was something important had come up.
Ryan : Maybe she knew she was in trouble.
Lanie : I'm putting the time of death between 10 : 00 and 12 : 00 midnight.
Lanie : And I found this.
UNK: Bruising. No more than a day old.
Castle : He must have grabbed her, maybe forced her into a car.
Lanie : Also, I found traces of cocaine residue on her shirt,
Lanie : but the preliminary tox is clean.
Lanie : No drugs or alcohol in her system.
CASTLE : The killer could have transferred it to her shirt
Castle : when he walked her to the murder site.
LANIE : From the looks of i she knew she was gonna die.
Lanie : I found this clutched in her fist.
CASTLE : He let her say a prayer before he shot her.
Castle : That's not very professional.
UNK: No.
Beckett : More like Jane knew her killer.
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : When I didn't hear from her last night, I knew something was wrong.
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : We always talked at the end of the day.
Beckett : Mrs. Herzfeld, Jane was tutoring people to make extra cash.
UNK: Do you know why she canceled all of her appointments yesterday?
UNK: EXHALES
CASTLE : Is it possible that Jane was doing somethin other than tutoring?
Castle : Something that might have gotten her into trouble?
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : Something like what?
Beckett : Look, we didn't find any drugs in Jane's system,
Beckett : but the ME did find traces of cocaine on her clothes.
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : Jane would never be involved with drugs!
Beckett : Yeah, but she might have been involved with people who were,
Beckett : and we think that she knew her killer.
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : There was a boyfriend I didn't like.
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : They broke up five months ago.
Beckett : And what did you not like about him?