UNK: I always knew he looked familiar, but..
UNK: I had to get out of there, and I started wondering..
UNK: "Why am I doing this," and "Who am I doing it for?"
UNK: I didn't know where to go, and I know we've drifted apart..
UNK: but you're the only person I know here.
Monica : - Who wasn't invited to the wedding. - I hoped that wouldn't be an issue.
UNK: I guess he bought her the pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
UNK: "Tuna or egg salad! Decide!"
UNK: "I'll have whatever Christina's having."
Rachel : Daddy, I just I can't marry him.
Rachel : I'm sorry. I just don't love him.
Rachel : Well, it matters to me!
UNK: "If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off."
Chandler : She should not be wearing those pants.
Joey : Push her down the stairs!
Joey : Push her! Push her down the stairs!
UNK: Come on, Daddy, listen!
UNK: All my life, everyone's always told me, "You're a shoe!"
UNK: "You're a shoe!"
UNK: What if I don't want to be a shoe?
UNK: What if I want to be a purse?
Rachel : Or a hat?
UNK: No, I don't want you to buy me a hat!
Rachel : It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross : You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel : Look, Daddy, it's my life.
Rachel : Well, maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica : I guess we've established she's staying with Monica.
Rachel : Well, maybe that's my decision.
Rachel : Maybe I don't need your money.
UNK: Wait! I said maybe!
UNK: Just breathe. That's it.
Monica : Try to think of nice, calm things.
Phoebe : Raindrops on roses And whiskers on kittens
UNK: Doorbells and sleigh bells And something with mittens
UNK: La la la something And noodles with string
Rachel : I'm all better now.
Phoebe : I helped.
Monica : This is probably for the best.
UNK: Independence. Controlling your life. The whole hat thing.
Joey : You can always come to Joey.
Joey : Me and Chandler live across the hall. He's away a lot.
Monica : Stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day.
Joey : Like there's a rule, or something?
UNK: I got it.
Chandler : Please don't do that again. It's a horrible sound.
Paul : It's Paul.
UNK: Oh, God, is it 6 : 30? Buzz him in.
Joey : - Who's Paul? - Paul, the wine guy?
UNK: Maybe.
UNK: Your "not a real date" is with Paul, the wine guy?
Ross : - He finally asked you out? - Yes!