Rachel : But it isn't me. It's not me.
UNK: Not that I have any idea who "me" is right now, but you just
Ross : I'm divorced.
Ross : - I'm only 26, and I'm divorced! - Shut up!
Ross : That only took me an hour.
Chandler : We haven't had a relationship that's lasted longer than a Mento.
UNK: You have had the love of a woman for four years.
Chandler : Four years of closeness and sharing, after which she ripped your heart out.
Chandler : That is why we don't do it!
Chandler : I don't think that was my point!
UNK: Know what's scary? What if there's only one woman for everybody?
Ross : I mean, what if you get one woman, and that's it?
Ross : Unfortunately, in my case, there was only one woman for her.
Joey : What are you talking about? One woman.
Joey : That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream.
UNK: Let me tell you something. There's lots of flavors out there.
Joey : Rocky road and cookie dough and bing cherry vanilla.
UNK: You can get them with jimmies or nuts or whipped cream.
UNK: It's the best thing to happen to you!
Joey : You got married. You were like, what, 8?
Joey : Welcome back to the world. Grab a spoon!
UNK: - I don't know if I'm hungry or horny. - Then stay out of my freezer.
Paul : Ever since she walked out on me..
UNK: What?
Monica : You wanna spell it out with noodles?
Paul : It's more of a fifth date kind of revelation.
UNK: So there's going to be a fifth date?
Paul : Isn't there?
Paul : Yeah, yeah. I think there is.
UNK: What were you going to say?
Paul : Ever since she left me..
Paul : I haven't been able to perform..
UNK: sexually.
Rachel : Oh, God! I'm so sorry.
Monica : Being spit on is probably not what you need right now.
Monica : How long?
Paul : - Two years. - Wow.
Monica : I'm glad you smashed her watch.
Paul : So you still think you might want that fifth date?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
UNK: Priest On Tv : We are gathered here to join Joanie Louise Cunningham..
UNK: Priest On Tv : and Charles. Chachi, Chachi, Chachi..
UNK: in the bonds of holy matrimony.
UNK: See!
UNK: But Joanie loved Chachi. That's the difference.
UNK: "Grab a spoon."
Ross : Do you know how long it's been since I grabbed a spoon?
UNK: Do the words, "Billy, don't be a hero," mean anything to you?
Joey : Great story. But I gotta go.
Joey : I got a date with Andrea. Angela. No, Andrea.
UNK: Andrea's the screamer. Angela has cats.
UNK: Right, thanks. It's Julie. I'm out of here.
Ross : Here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough..
Ross : to ask a woman out..
UNK: who am I going to ask?
Rachel : Isn't this amazing? I've never made coffee in my life.
Chandler : - That is amazing. - Congratulations.
Rachel : If I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
UNK: I think it's, "If I can invade Poland, there's nothing I can't do."
UNK: If you feel like you have to make a Western omelet or something..
Joey : Although, actually I'm really not that hungry.