Castle : Human sausages.
Castle : In November.
UNK: I am not getting anywhere with this.
Beckett : And you're sure? Okay, thanks.
Beckett : Garrett's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He activated his alarm system when he got home last night.
Beckett : No one entered or exited until morning.
Castle : So the killer set him up just to toy with us.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective, the news media is calling for comment.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : 1PP wants to know what we think this is.
Beckett : We're not sure.
Beckett : This could be a clue as to his next victim or victims.
Beckett : Each image could represent a different person.
Castle : Or it could be a pictogram, where the images add up to a message.
Beckett : Tory's trying to analyze each image, find their sources.
UNK: But we think that this collage
Beckett : is from one photo
Beckett : of a woman, Caucasian, in her 20s.
Gates : So she could be our next target.
Castle : And given the killer's behavior,
Castle : she's most likely someone with a high Internet profile, like Abby Smith.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : So we ID'd that grill as a Fowler.
Esposito : We're checking into anybody named Fowler
Esposito : who might be big on social media.
Gates : And that date, November 12th. Any special significance?
Ryan : Well, for starters, it turns out it is World Pneumonia Day.
Ryan : But we're also checking into any news events, births, deaths
UNK: that occurred on that date.
Castle : If it even is a date.
UNK: Eleven, 12, 13 could be part of a number sequence.
Ryan : Yes, Castle, we're also looking into that,
Ryan : as well as anyone Garrett put away while he was in Cyber.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Detective Beckett?
Tory : I was able to identify one of the images.
Tory : It was cropped from this photo of a food blogger named Mary Fuchs.
Beckett : Where did you find that photo?
Tory : She posted it on her Snappamatic feed a few days ago.
Castle : So Mary Fuchs is a Snappamatic user, just like Abby Smith.
Beckett : She could be next. We need to find her and bring her in here.
UNK: Mary Fuchs : I don't understand. Why would someone post part of my picture?
UNK: Miss Fuchs, do these images mean anything to you?
Beckett : Or this date?
Mary : No. I mean, I don't think so.
Castle : What about Abby Smith? Do you know her?
Castle : Do you have any connection to her?
Mary : I'd never even heard of her
UNK: till it was all over the news that she died.
Mary : Is whoever killed her after me?
Beckett : Well, has anyone been following you?
Beckett : Have you received any threatening messages?
Mary : No, nothing like that.
Castle : You're a blogger, right? What do you blog about?
Mary : Uh, German cuisine.
Mary : German cuisine?
Mary : I'm German, so I review German restaurants,
Mary : and I post recipes for classic dishes like strudel
UNK: and the bratwurst that I'm grilling in the picture.
Beckett : So your Snappamatic page says that you have