Han : But I didn't track her down till a week ago.
Han : So the stalker couldn't have been me.
Beckett : Mr. Han, do you have evidence that this other person actually exists?
Han : There's a note. On a postcard.
Beckett : What note?
UNK: A threat. She got it that day. She waved it in my face,
Han : she accused me of slipping it under her door.
Han : Whoever left that note, that's who did this. It has to be.
Beckett : Han's alibi checks out.
UNK: Bartender said that he was well into his
Beckett : fourth Mai Tai at the time of the murder.
UNK: Upon reflection, it's just as well.
Castle : From a storytelling standpoint.
UNK: I mean, "Do not let this guy poke you,"
Castle : then the acupuncturist stabs her with a giant needle?
Castle : It's just a little too obvious.
Beckett : Which means we're looking for someone else with motive.
Beckett : But so far, no one sticks out.
Castle : Maybe Abby's family has some insight.
Beckett : They don't. She wasn't very close to them.
Esposito : Looks like Han was telling the truth about that threat.
Esposito : CSU found this postcard in Abby's dresser drawer.
UNK: "The brightest stars burn quickest."
UNK: She got this on the same day she was murdered?
UNK: Wait, is this a fingerprint?
Esposito : No. That's a smudge. But it might mean something.
Esposito : The lab says that it's wood varnish.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check this out.
Ryan : I was looking through Abby's followers,
UNK: and one of 'em posted pictures of her on their account.
Esposito : Crime scene photos?
Beckett : But not ours.
Beckett : The killer took these photos before we got to the crime scene.
UNK: "This star's 15 seconds are over."
Beckett : Whose account is this?
UNK: Username is "Netslayer."
Esposito : He kills her, then posts her picture.
Esposito : Why would he do that?
Castle : Tear down the victim, add insult to injury.
UNK: "This star's 15 seconds are over."
Castle : Maybe that's why he killed Abby.
Castle : Because she's a Web celebrity.
Ryan : Or he wants to become one himself.
Castle : Abby did have half a million followers.
Castle : Killing her would give him instant high profile.
Beckett : Or he could just be using social media
Beckett : to hide his true motives for killing her.
Beckett : Either way, maybe these photos could help us find him.
Esposito : Yeah, I'll get with Tory. We'll analyze the photos,
Esposito : see if we can pull some images off the reflections.
Ryan : All right. And I'll go through his account,
Ryan : see if he posted anything else that could help us ID him.
UNK: Where you guys going?
Beckett : Straight to the source.
Beckett : Maybe Snappamatic can give us an idea of who he is
Beckett : or where to find him.
UNK: Actually, ID'ing and locating users
UNK: Kent Wilder : are two things we just can't do.
Beckett : Can't or won't?
UNK: Oren Wilder : Can't. Snappamatic was designed for privacy.
UNK: Oren Wilder : It runs on a software platform
UNK: Oren Wilder : that anonymizes all of our users.
Castle : I bet that was a real selling point for the killer.
Oren : Look, no one is more upset about this than we are.
Beckett : I bet Abby Smith was.
Beckett : One of your users killed her,
Beckett : and you're trying to tell me that you can't help us?
Kent : We're trying. Evan's combing the guy's account,
Kent : but all you need to register is a valid e-mail address.
Evan : Which isn't valid anymore, by the way.
Evan : So no help there.
Oren : What we can do is suspend his account so he can't post.
Castle : Well, the reason he's posting in the first place
Castle : is because he wants attention.
Castle : He needs to communicate.
Beckett : Exactly. He likes to share, so let him.
UNK: Maybe he's gonna share something
Beckett : that he didn't intend to.
Beckett : Now, take the pictures down, but leave the account up.
Oren : We'd rather not have the Snappamatic brand