Evan : Not if the camera loses its GPS signal.
Evan : In that case, a geotag is assigned
Evan : when the photo is uploaded.
Castle : So, the killer lost his GPS signal,
Castle : didn't notice...
Beckett : And then when he posted his photos onto Snappamatic,
UNK: he accidentally revealed his location.
Beckett : What are the coordinates?
Esposito : Tory plotted the longitude and latitude of the geotag,
Esposito : and we got an address in downtown Manhattan.
Beckett : And what's there?
Esposito : It's a vintage furniture store.
UNK: Wood, wood varnish!
Castle : That explains the smudge on the note.
Beckett : Okay, let's get the names of everyone that works there.
Esposito : We already did.
UNK: It's a one-man shop owned by one Bill Garrett.
Esposito : Turns out he used to be a cop,
Esposito : until he had a nervous breakdown.
UNK: And get this, he worked in the Cyber Division.
Castle : Which means he would know his way
Castle : around the Web and social media.
Beckett : Bring him in.
Esposito : Bill Garrett!
Ryan : NYPD. Keep your hands where we can see 'em!
Esposito : On your knees. You know the drill.
UNK: Bill Garrett : Getting brought in here is no way to treat a fellow officer.
Beckett : Mr. Garrett, we found these when we searched your shop.
Garrett : I refinish furniture. Of course I have awls.
Beckett : Awls that match the stab wounds in her neck?
Garrett : If you think I murdered this girl, you're out of your mind.
Beckett : We also found this cell phone.
Garrett : I keep it for emergencies.
UNK: Emergencies? Like, uh, snapping photos?
Beckett : You see, even when you delete them, they can still be recovered.
Garrett : All right, what is this? I didn't take those.
Beckett : Then how did they end up on your phone?
Beckett : And why were they uploaded to Snappamatic
Beckett : using your Wi-Fi network?
Garrett : I don't upload photos.
Garrett : I don't even go near the Web unless I have to.
Beckett : And then there's the text to Abby.
Beckett : And the wood varnish on this note,
UNK: which we're gonna trace right back to your shop.
Beckett : It's over.
Beckett : Your best bet is to cut a deal.
Garrett : This is a mistake.
Beckett : Working Cyber Unit must've taken its toll.
UNK: It had to have been difficult.
Beckett : Seeing the darkest side of the Web, that must've changed you.
Beckett : Maybe that's why you left and did what you did.