Beckett : 47 followers.
UNK: Yeah. I think that's pretty good
UNK: considering I joined last week.
Esposito : I don't get it.
UNK: Killing Abby put the Netslayer onto the big stage.
Castle : Taunting the police about it
UNK: just turned on the klieg lights.
Castle : Why target a no-name like her?
Beckett : Maybe he's trying to send a message that no one's safe.
UNK: Not Web celebs or obscure German food bloggers.
Ryan : Well, you better add artists to that list as well.
Ryan : Tory just ID'd another one of our images.
Castle : Is it from Snappamatic?
Ryan : Yeah, from the feed of a painter named Daniel Leek.
Ryan : The image is from a photo he took of one of his pieces.
Ryan : See the expiration date is cropped
Ryan : from the top of this milk carton.
Ryan : But Leek's pretty low on the Snappamatic totem pole.
Ryan : He only has about 2,000 followers.
Ryan : Heck, my blog has more than that.
Castle : You have a blog?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, "The Ryan Report."
Ryan : It's the musings of a homicide detective...
Ryan : You haven't read it.
Esposito : I do... Oh, "The Ryan Report!" Yeah,
UNK: I just... I thought... Because I didn't...
Beckett : Well, in spite of Leek's following, let's try to get him in.
UNK: Well, that's going to be difficult.
Ryan : He's at an art opening in Seattle.
Ryan : He doesn't live in New York.
UNK: If he's in Seattle, how is he a possible victim?
Castle : He's not.
Castle : Rotten fruit, expiration date...
Castle : What's the name of that painting?
UNK: Uh, Spoiled, I think.
Castle : I know what the clues mean.
Ryan : Expiration date on spoiled milk plus
Castle : grilled bratwurst equals
UNK: "spoiled brats."
UNK: That's the message. You getting it? That's what the images mean.
Castle : Leading us to...
UNK: Seriously?
Castle : Anyone here besides me a consumer of vapid online magazines?
UNK: No. No.
Castle : Spoiled brats! As in
UNK: "The Spoiled Brats of Snappamatic,"
Castle : a feature article from two weeks ago.
Castle : It's all about rich kids
Castle : who post pictures of their extravagant lifestyles on Snappamatic.
Castle : That's the key to solving the case.
Castle : The killer has given us a pictogram,
Castle : as I predicted, pointing us to that article.
Esposito : Yeah, maybe.
Esposito : But what about the third image? The collage?
Beckett : This is it! This is the photo.
Beckett : Those are Tatiana Fisher's body parts
Beckett : from this photo that she took with her boyfriend Cam Magani.
Tory : He posted it on his Snappamatic feed.
UNK: Spoiled brat Tatiana.
Ryan : She has over a million followers.
Castle : Going after her would raise the killer's infamy to new heights.
Castle : She's the next victim.
Beckett : Tatiana Fisher?
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : We've been trying to get a hold of you and Cam Magani.
Beckett : We have reason to believe that you
Beckett : might be the Netslayer's next target.
UNK: Tatiana Fisher : That's insane. He wouldn't dare.
Beckett : Well, maybe not, but we need to take you back to the precinct.
Tatiana : I'm not going anywhere with you.
UNK: I have a party on Fire Island, so...
Esposito : Ma'am, this is a potentially dangerous situation.
UNK: Did you just call me "ma'am"?
Tatiana : Look, I'll make it simple for you, okay?
Tatiana : Can you force me to go with you? Yes or no?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, then, buh-bye.
UNK: Wait, Miss Fisher.
UNK: Miss Fisher! Please, just give us...
Tatiana : Oh, my God! Cam!
UNK: Watch out.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : The Internet is abuzz today
UNK: with the news of a serial killer stalking social media.
UNK: Representatives of Snappamatic,
UNK: the online photo-sharing app,
UNK: News Reporter Man : have released a statement saying that
UNK: News Reporter Man : they are cooperating with authorities.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : Socialite Cam Magani's body was found
UNK: News Reporter Woman : murdered in the vehicle you see behind me.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : Magani may be the latest victim of "Netslayer,"
UNK: News Reporter Woman : the mysterious online figure
UNK: News Reporter Woman : who claimed responsibility for the murder of Abby Smith,
UNK: News Reporter Woman : then posted gruesome images of her body.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : With the city and Internet roiling with fear,
UNK: News Reporter Woman : many are asking, who will this serial killer strike next?
UNK: News Reporter Woman : And when will authorities stop him?
UNK: This guy is getting exactly what he wanted. Attention.
UNK: Gates This Guy Is Getting Exactly What He Wanted : And it's making him bolder. So, where do we stand?
Beckett : Sir, it looks like the killer hid in the backseat of Cam's car,
Beckett : waited for him to get in, and then slit his throat.
Gates : How did he get in the car?
Ryan : Well, we're not sure,
Ryan : but CSU found plastic fragments inside the door lock.
UNK: Might be from a lockpick.
Beckett : So far, there's no prints or DNA,
Esposito : and all we know for sure is that the killer was right-handed.
Gates : And we paid too high a cost for that knowledge.
Gates : Detective, bring me some good news before we lose another one.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Castle : Can't help but think if only I'd figured it out sooner,
UNK: maybe he'd still be alive.
Beckett : It wouldn't have mattered.
Beckett : The game was rigged from the start.
Beckett : We never had a chance. The killer just wanted us to think we did.
Beckett : And now the Netslayer is gonna gain
Beckett : more notoriety and more followers.
Castle : He already has.
Castle : He's at over half a million so far,
UNK: adding thousands more by the minute.
Tory : Detective Beckett? Two more pictures just came in.
Tory : Something different this time.
Tory : This one was uploaded first.
Tory : Proof of death, I guess you'd call it.
Tory : Then he sent this one.
Beckett : Castle, it's us, before the first crime scene.
UNK: "NYPD is on the case.
UNK: "Feel safe, New York? You shouldn't.
UNK: "I'm not done."
Beckett : He's been watching us from the beginning.
UNK: This guy has been ahead of us the whole time.