Esposito : The people who stayed, how'd they get her keys?
Carlos : She'd leave them under a loose brick on her stoop.
Esposito : So, I've been running the people that rented Abby's apartment.
Beckett : Why would anyone let complete strangers stay in their place?
Tory : Extra money.
Tory : After this, I don't think I'll be doing it anymore.
Esposito : So all the renters checked out,
Esposito : except for one guy who booked and never showed up.
Tory : This is from an ATM across from Abby's apartment
Tory : on the day he was supposed to stay there.
Esposito : Turns out a guy did show up. Check this out.
Castle : He took a picture of her key.
Castle : It's the Netslayer. It's gotta be.
Tory : It's too far away, and too low-res to blow up.
Tory : But watch this, as he walks away.
UNK: There.
Beckett : And now we have a face.
Gates : Okay. Where are we on finding this man?
Esposito : We're distributing his picture.
Esposito : So far, none of the victims' families or neighbors recognize him.
Beckett : Sir, I'd like to release his photo to the press and social media.
Beckett : Let's turn the tables on this guy.
UNK: He's trying to hide it, but someone out there's gonna recognize his face.
Garrett : You're right. And that someone is me.
UNK: I was going over his case files
Garrett : when the officer showed me his photo.
Beckett : Who is he?
UNK: His name is Adam Lane.
Gates : You arrested him?
Garrett : He wasn't a criminal when we met. He was a victim.
Castle : And do you have any idea where he is now?
Garrett : I haven't seen or heard from Lane in six years.
Garrett : Took me a minute to recognize him
Garrett : with that fake beard he's wearing.
Gates : Okay. I'll get ready to release Adam Lane's name and picture to the media.
Esposito : There's no current address for Lane.
Beckett : Try to find one. Reach out to his family
Beckett : and anyone else that knows him.
Beckett : In the meantime, you need to tell us everything you know about Adam Lane.
Garrett : Lane was in high school back then.
Garrett : It was a cyberbullying case.
Beckett : Who was bullying him?
Garrett : He was taking a shower
Garrett : when this meathead football player,
Garrett : Tim Witherspoon, stole his clothes.
UNK: Now, this has happened to Lane his whole life,
Garrett : but this time, he went ballistic.
Garrett : There he was, buck naked, screaming at Witherspoon in the locker room.