UNK: I got three families that donated to AIDS America,
UNK: Delgado, Bruner and Kesler.
Castle : But not Pastori.
Esposito : Maybe Pastori was a guest of one of the other three victims.
UNK: Mmm-mmm. No. None of the families knew each other.
UNK: Wait a second. "M.A.D.T." That's the Metropolitan American Dance Theater.
UNK: Metropolitan American Dance Theater.
UNK: - Metro American Dance. - M.A.D.T.
Castle : That's the nonprofit our invaders are profiting from.
Beckett : Find out who's in charge, and how I can find them.
Esposito : Right on.
Beckett : There she is. Anne Greene, company's director.
UNK: She can invade my home anytime.
Beckett : Yeah, well, if she's in on it, she's doing it purely for kicks.
Beckett : Textile heiress. No record, and clean DMV.
UNK: The white centerpieces go on the Angel Tables.
UNK: Red centerpieces go on Sponsor Tables.
Beckett : Ms. Greene, I'm Detective Beckett, and this is...
Anne : Ricky? Ricky Castle?
Anne : I've heard perfectly awful things about you from my friend Cheney.
UNK: Cheney...
Anne : Tall, brunette, aftermarket nose.
Castle : Cheney, of course! How is Cheney?
Anne : Oh, I hear she's a great scandal in San Moritz.
Esposito : - And you? - Currently between scandals, actually.
Anne : Oh! You two aren't...
Castle : - Not yet. - No. Never.
Beckett : In fact, Ricky here is assisting me with a homicide investigation.
Anne : How exciting.
Beckett : Yes, and it involves your organization.
UNK: All of our employees go through an extensive background check.
UNK: I can assure you, none of them are involved.
UNK: I'm still gonna need a list of the employees
Beckett : who had access to donor records.
Castle : Of course.
Anne : Detective, I'm sure this is all a coincidence.
Beckett : Unfortunately, I'm not,
Beckett : and that's why I'm gonna need a copy of your donor list.
Anne : That may be a problem.
Anne : The people who give publicly, they're not an issue.
Anne : But some of our donors cherish their anonymity.
Anne : We're contractually obligated to protect that.
Beckett : What about their lives? Do your donors cherish those as well?
Anne : I assure you, my office will contact each of them
Anne : and alert them to the situation.
Beckett : I'd really like to contact them myself.
Anne : I'm sorry, Detective, but my hands are tied.
Anne : If you want my confidential donor list, you're gonna need a court order.
UNK: Awkward.
Ryan : We ran employees and volunteers. None have priors or records. Hello?
UNK: Ryan cont'd : - What's she doing? - Writing an affidavit for a court order.
Castle : That no one is going to sign. Did you see that list of board members?
Castle : Half the judges in town are on it.
Beckett : What am I supposed to do? Just let someone else die?
Castle : Whoa, hey, you seem a little stressed. Hey, you know what you need?
UNK: Castle cont'd : A night out on the town.
UNK: A what, now? What are those?
Castle : - The gateway to another world. - Castle.
Castle : They hold four fundraisers a year.
Castle : The last one took place a week before the robberies began.
Castle : - No. - It is perfect.
Castle : You don't have to ask who the donors are, because they'll all be there,
Castle : wearing their jewelry.
Esposito : If the employees and volunteers are clean, then our perp...
UNK: Skell.
Esposito : ...could be working the party.
Ryan : And we can work the door.
UNK: So, it's settled. Pick me up at 8 : 00?
UNK: Oh, it's a black-tie event. That's not a problem, is it?
Beckett : Uh, no. No.
Lanie : No, no. Uh-uh. That one goes to the thrift store.
Beckett : The girl at Saks said fluorescent is in.
Lanie : Well, then she was on commission.
UNK: Uh-uh.
UNK: You know what he's trying to do? He wants to humiliate me.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Lanie, can you get that, please?
UNK: All right. But you better not be wearing your prom dress when I get back.
Alexis : My dad, nervous for a date?
Castle : It's not a date.