UNK: Rich and handsome. We call him the White Whale.
Rachel : Listen, we're having a little gathering next month for our top donors.
Rachel : We're going to unveil plans for a new rehearsal space.
Rachel : If you're free, we'd love for you and Alexis to come.
Castle : - You know my daughter? - We make a point to know
Rachel : as much as we can about our potential donors,
Rachel : so we can match their interests with our programs.
Rachel : So many places just ask you to write a check.
Rachel : We want you to know that your money is making a difference.
Castle : Would you excuse me just for a second?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: So creepy!
Beckett : Negative on anyone matching our sketch.
Beckett : How are we doing on vendors and staff?
UNK: Esposito cont'd : Hey, so what's it like in there? Is it a buffet, or passed hors d'oeuvres?
Beckett : Both. Hey, have you seen... Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Sorry, this is the only place I knew we could talk and not be overheard.
Beckett : Sure, it is.
Castle : I was just talking to the Head of Donor Development over there.
Castle : She seems to know an awful lot about me.
Beckett : She's not the only one. Did you know that they call you the White Whale?
Beckett : No. She's in Donor Development.
Beckett : It's her job to know about you. Besides,
Beckett : she doesn't strike me as a criminal mastermind.
Castle : Still, I think we should take a second look. Two, three, dip.
Beckett : Castle? A little help.
Castle : - It's Powell. - The jewel thief?
Castle : I don't believe this. The two of you are in on it?
Anne : Don't look at me. It was his idea.
Castle : You really had me going, didn't you?
Castle : The wine, the cheese, the code of conduct.
Castle : And here you are, making me look the fool.
UNK: I just wanted to have a bit of fun.
Castle : Fun? You call what you're doing fun?
Beckett : Castle, what's going on?
Castle : They're in on it together. They've all but admitted it.
Anne : I'm so sorry. I had no idea it was such a big deal.
UNK: Big... Two people are dead.
Anne : Dead? What's he talking about?
Powell : Good lord, Rick. You didn't think...
Castle : Then what were you two whispering about?
Powell : Just a little payback.
Powell : Now we're even.
Castle : Look, I have money. Anything you pay, I'll pay you back.