UNK: Lanie cont'd : Don't contaminate my crime scene.
Ryan : - Sorry, it must be the feathers. Beckett's here.
Ryan : No sign of forced entry, the same as the others.
Beckett : Looks like our home invasion crew went for a four-peat.
Ryan : They're stepping up their game, becoming more violent.
UNK: Castle/beckett : - Bless you. - Bless you. Jinx.
UNK: Beckett re : - What's wrong with him? - Goose down. He's allergic.
Anne : I'm sorry. Under the time-honored rules of jinx,
UNK: you're not allowed to speak until I release you.
UNK: Castle/beckett : - Bless you! - Bless you! Reverse double-jinx.
Castle : - I just, I... - Castle, mouth shut until I release you.
UNK: Thank you, Ryan. So what do we have?
Esposito : That's Joanne Delgado, daughter of Susan Delgado, the victim.
Esposito : She called to say good night to her mom,
Esposito : only tonight, mom doesn't pick up.
Esposito : She calls the doorman, doorman comes up, finds the door ajar, and...
UNK: And?
Esposito : Well, let's just say this one's definitely Beckett-flavored.
Lanie : Blood spatter indicates single GSW, close range.
Beckett : You can still smell the cordite.
Ryan : I'll have to take your word for it.
Castle : Oh, they shot her and stuffed her in the safe.
UNK: Better than the last one. They beat the guy to death.
Beckett : None of the neighbors heard a gunshot?
Esposito : Must be heavy sleepers.
Castle : No, they used the pillow as a poor man's sound suppressor.
Castle : Yeah, yes, I broke the jinx. I will buy you a soda.
Beckett : - Any shell casings? - None.
Beckett : Probably used a revolver. - And a bolt cutter.
Beckett : Her wedding ring. She didn't wanna give it up,
Beckett : and so they punished her for it. Husband?
Esposito : Passed a few years ago.
Castle : In a building like this? This part of town? You'd think she'd be safe.
Castle : No pun intended. How often are people killed in neighborhoods like this?
Beckett : Same as anywhere else, Castle. Just the once.
Castle : Each of the robberies took place in a different part of the city.
Beckett : A different high-end part of the city.
Esposito : Wall safes and high-end jewelry.
Esposito : These guys came in knowing exactly what they were gonna find.
Castle : Well, there must be a pattern, something that connects them all.
Castle : The first one was three months ago?
Ryan : Central Park West. Bob and Linda Kesler
Ryan : were bound, gagged and beaten. Intruders wore masks.
UNK: Took roughly 175,000 in jewelry.
Castle : Same MO on York Street?
Esposito : Yeah. Only, when Mr. Bruner refused to open his safe,
Esposito : - they broke his wife's arms. - Which brings us to last night.
Beckett : They're getting bolder. They're escalating their violence.
Castle : Well, it can't be random. How do they know what's in the safes?
UNK: "Safes. " Is that a word? Is it "saves"? That can't be right.
Esposito : - And you write for a living? - Castle, the point.
Castle : The point is, our home invaders seem to know an awful lot about their victims.
Ryan : We've compared insurance companies, home security vendors,
UNK: even the kind of safes that they had. Nothing's been a match.
Castle : I'm just thinking, they seem to know their targets so well,
Castle : maybe they actually know them.
Ryan : Maybe the victim's daughter can tell us.
Joanne : Yeah, we were close. She was my mother.
Beckett : - So you'd know most of her friends? - Her friends? Yeah, but I...
UNK: Were there any that you had strong feelings about? Didn't like, maybe?
Beckett : - Someone she met recently? - No.
Castle : Did any of her friends have money problems?
Joanne : Monsters broke into her place and killed her.
Joanne : Why are you asking about her friends?
Beckett : Do you know Nelson and Janet Bruner?
Castle : - No. - How about a Richard and Julie Pastori,
Castle : - or a Bob and Linda Kesler? - Who are these people?
Beckett : They're victims of three previous home invasion robberies.
Beckett : Robberies that we think were committed
Beckett : by the same people that murdered your mother.
Joanne : What, there were others? I'm... How long has this been going on?
Beckett : A few months.
Joanne : Months? What, and you haven't caught them yet?
UNK: They didn't murder anyone until last week.
UNK: That's when I got this case, and since then,
UNK: we have been doing everything we can to...
UNK: No, don't press-conference me, Detective.
UNK: All right? I work in public relations, so you can save your speech,
Joanne : because I have heard them all.
UNK: All right? I'm the one who drafts all of that pathos
Joanne : after airline crashes and E. Coli poisonings.
Joanne : "Our... Our hearts go out to the victims' families. " "Our hearts"?
Joanne : I mean, what does that even mean? She said that she felt like baking.
Joanne : She wanted me to come over, but I was busy.
Joanne : I was busy.