UNK: - I'm old school. I like dirtbag. - Classic.
Beckett : Tell me about the gun, Mr. Mitchell.
Mitchell : Oh, I'm not talking without a lawyer.
Beckett : Why? You guilty of something?
UNK: Yeah, of not running fast enough when your boys showed.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 5 : 00 and 9 : 00?
Mitchell : - I didn't do it. - You didn't do what?
Mitchell : Doesn't matter what. Wherever you think I was, I wasn't.
Beckett : So where were you, then?
Mitchell : Happy hour, little neighborhood place,
UNK: drinking Belfast car bombs with some of my Westie pals.
Beckett : You got anyone that can verify that for me?
Mitchell : Yeah, I got about 30 people or so who can. Conservative estimate.
Beckett : How come I got this crazy hunch that
Beckett : most of those people got records a lot like yours?
Mitchell : Well, I wasn't drinking tea at The Plaza.
Mitchell : Look, you want more reliable witnesses?
Mitchell : Give me an hour or so. I'll see what I can do.
UNK: You must be pretty well-connected. Friends in high places?
Mitchell : Who's Mary with the manicure?
Mitchell : I know he's not a cop, not with that haircut.
Castle : I'm assisting Detective Beckett in the investigation.
UNK: "Assisting. " What's the matter, sweetie? You can't hack it out there alone?
Beckett : You want to play?
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Let's play.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : I got an ex-con with a gun and two fresh homicides just looking for a home.
Mitchell : You can fish all you want, Detective.
Mitchell : Smart fish don't bite.
UNK: We can hold him on the gun,
UNK: but there's no match with ballistics on Mrs. Delgado.
UNK: And without other evidence to link him to the other homicide...
Beckett : - I'll find something, sir. - Not if his alibi checks out.
Beckett : Sir, it's just pots and kettles.
Montgomery : On the last robbery, not the first.
Montgomery : Mitchell was being arraigned on an unrelated burglary
Montgomery : the same day this crew struck.
Montgomery : Unless you can break his alibi on this one, he's a dead end.
Castle : You got to watch those silhouettes. They can be shifty little bastards.
Beckett : Do you mind? I'm trying to concentrate.
Castle : Man, when I hit a wall,
Castle : all I got's one of those little stress balls and Internet porn.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : - Castle... - Look, I get it, all right?
UNK: You made a promise to a daughter to find her mother's killer.
UNK: Doesn't take Freud to see what's what.
UNK: But you're gonna run up some blind alleys before you get out of the maze.
Beckett : Look, as much as I appreciate your folksy Dr. Phil aphorisms,
UNK: I just wanna...
Castle : Wouldn't it be more of a challenge if they weren't standing still?
Beckett : Okay, Castle. You show me how it's done.
Beckett : All yours.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : It's not a duel, Scaramouche. Here.
UNK: Square off to target. Feet shoulder-distance apart.
UNK: Okay. Gauntlet your right fist in your left palm.
Castle : Whoa! Shot too soon.
Beckett : Yeah, well. You know, we could always just cuddle, Castle.
Castle : Oh, funny. And a smile! Good.
Beckett : That's better.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: You know, I came down to ask you
UNK: if I could take home some of those stolen property photos.
Beckett : Photos of the jewelry? Why?
Castle : I don't know, just thought it might spark something. Ooh! That's got to hurt.
Beckett : Tell you what.
Beckett : You put any of the next three in the 10-ring, and I will give you the files.
Castle : - Yeah? - Yeah.
Castle : You're a very good teacher.