Beckett : Oh, not a chance in hell, Castle.
Castle : Hey, whoa, look. There's donor girl's boyfriend.
Castle : - So? - So he's taking pictures.
Beckett : - So? I would, too, if I had a camera. - Of the crowd?
UNK: 7,000!
UNK: Reynolds. Paul Reynolds.
Castle : It's perfect. He IDs the jewels,
Castle : and then uses his girlfriend's research to build profiles on the victims.
Esposito : Yo. Yahtzee.
Esposito : Paul Reynolds, AKA Chad Nellis. He's served on check fraud,
Esposito : embezzlement, forgery and grand larceny.
Paul : Now, it does no good to be coy.
Paul : I've seen the looks you've been throwing me all night.
Castle : - Shopping, are we? - Paul Reynolds, you're under arrest
Beckett : on suspicion of theft and conspiracy to commit murder.
Esposito : Let's go.
Castle : - Where was the badge? - Don't ask.
UNK: Yo, B and E, firearms. Definitely a step up for this guy.
Beckett : He's just a foot soldier. We're looking for his general.
Castle : What happened to the dress?
UNK: You didn't think I was gonna interrogate him in it, did you?
Castle : We were kind of hoping.
Beckett : - Out of my chair, Castle. - Yes.
Beckett : - So you know him? - We met in Green Haven Prison.
Paul : A guy like me? You know they would've eaten me alive in there.
Paul : But he looked out for me in the yard.
Paul : They were all afraid of him, even the guards.
Paul : When he got out, he found me. I don't know how.
Beckett : So it was his idea to infiltrate the charity?
Paul : I was already seeing Rachel at the time.
Paul : I mean, I was trying to go straight, but he said that I owed him.
Beckett : And so you just fed him all the top donors.
UNK: Everything he needed was already in the dossiers,
Mitchell : names, addresses. I took photographs of all their jewelry,
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : put it all on a flash drive, but he wanted more and more.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : Detective, after he beat that guy to death, I told him I wanted out.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : But he said that if I quit, that he'd do everything he saved me from in prison.
UNK: Paul Everything He Needed Was Already In Their Dossiers : He'd do it to me and Rachel.
Beckett : Then tell me where I can find him.
Beckett : Castle, as a friend, I am asking you not to leave this car,
Beckett : - because your little Hardy Boy act... - Is gonna get me killed, I know.
Beckett : More like get one of them killed,
Beckett : and I can't have that on my conscience. Understood?
Castle : What if I have to pee?
UNK: Go, go, go!
Esposito : NYPD! We have a warrant!
Ryan : Look, his coffee. It's still warm. Must have just missed him.
UNK: This is Detective Castle to all units.
UNK: That's a negatory on the back-up. This dirtbag's all mine.