Joanne : And now she's dead.
Beckett : Joanne, listen to me.
UNK: You're gonna wanna play out every possible scenario
Beckett : in the next couple of days.
Beckett : If only you'd been there. If only you'd come by. If only you didn't work so late.
Beckett : And I'm telling you, it's not your fault.
Beckett : The ones to blame are the monsters that murdered your mom.
Beckett : This isn't a speech. It's not a platitude. It's a promise.
Beckett : I am going to do everything in my power
Beckett : to make sure that they pay for what they did.
Castle : Pretty impressive, the way you handled her back there.
UNK: I didn't "handle" her, Castle. I just told her the truth.
UNK: Same thing I'm gonna tell the other home invasion victims.
Castle : Jinx paid in full.
Beckett : It's the job, Castle.
Castle : Oh, you're short-selling, Beckett.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito could not manage that level of empathy.
UNK: That's not true. They just save it for fantasy football trades.
Castle : Makes me think about Alexis.
Castle : What would she do if something happened to me?
Beckett : Well, she still has her mom, right?
UNK: Meredith is more like a crazy aunt with a credit card.
UNK: Of the two of us, I'm the more responsible one. Pretty sad, isn't it?
Beckett : Well, I wouldn't worry about it too much, Castle.
Beckett : After all, only the good die young.
UNK: Ouch!
Beckett : Listen, Freud. I know what you're trying to do.
Beckett : You're trying to get me to talk about my mom to see if you can squeeze
Beckett : any more pulp for your fiction.
UNK: "Pulp"? You think what I do is pulp?
Castle : said that Derrick Storm is this generation's answer to...
Beckett : I read that piece.
Beckett : And even you have to admit that it's more than a little hyperbolic.
Beckett : So how much did you pay the reviewer?
Beckett : Oh, so many layers to the Beckett onion. However will you peel them all?
Montgomery : Esposito, anything from the other victims?
UNK: Beckett's downtown finishing the canvass.
UNK: But what we do know is, the Keslers and the Pastoris didn't know each other
UNK: and neither one of them knew the Bruners or Susan Delgado.
Montgomery : Well, so much for the personal angle.
Ryan : Four luxury buildings, four major scores, and we got nothing.
Ryan : If I'm these guys, I got no incentive to quit now, either.
Esposito : Yeah, well, whoever they are,
Esposito : they definitely have some righteous trade skills.
UNK: About that, forensics just came back on the Delgado's place.
UNK: They found brass shavings in the lock mechanism on the front door.
Ryan : Brass shavings?
UNK: They used a bump key. Bad guys file down a standard house key,
UNK: then they use a mallet to drive into the lock.
UNK: Separates the tumblers like billiard balls.
Ryan : - Dude, I know what a bump key is. - No, you don't.
Ryan : The hardware on the Delgado's door was a high-end import.
Ryan : No way a standard bump key would work.
Esposito : No. They'd have to use something special.
Esposito : Something your average mope couldn't rig.
Montgomery : - What are you thinking? - Well, I busted this guy a while back.
Esposito : Specialized in bump keys.
Esposito : And he's not afraid to get a little blood on his paws, either.
Montgomery : Bump keys and violence. I like him already.
Montgomery : Evan Mitchell. - Evan Mitchell?
Esposito : - Yeah. You know him? - He has a legacy.
UNK: His dad and his granddad are legends in the industry.
Esposito : Yeah, I collared him on a jewel heist out on Forty-Seventh.
Esposito : He just did a nickel upstate.
Montgomery : When did Mitchell get out?
Esposito : Two weeks before our first heist.
Montgomery : Pick him up.
Ryan : Say hello to his little friend.
Esposito : It was in his waistband when we snatched him up.
Beckett : Serial numbers are scratched off.
Montgomery : Heavy on collars, light on convictions.
Ryan : Amazing how many times a guy can get arrested without ever serving time.
Castle : - He must have a pretty good lawyer. - Or good at what he does.
Castle : Good enough to be our perp?
Ryan : Why do you writers always call them perps?
Castle : Isn't that what you call them?
Ryan : Ah, we got a whole lot of names for them.
Castle : - Yeah. - Pipe-head, pisshead, ork, creep.
Esposito : Crook, knucklehead, chucklehead.
Ryan : - Chud, turd. - Destro, skell.
Ryan : - Skeksi, slicko, slick. - Mope.
UNK: - Sleestak. - Slow down, slow down.
Beckett : Suspects. We call them suspects.