Castle : Anything else special about them?
Powell : Without seeing the scene of the crime,
Powell : anything more would be mere speculation.
Castle : Well, the crime scene's all locked and sealed.
Castle : I don't think I could get you in there.
Powell : Let that be the least of our concerns.
Castle : You, uh, don't seem out of practice.
Powell : - Just like riding a bike. - Our thieves used a bump key.
Powell : This new generation. How utterly vulgar.
UNK: Powell cont'd : Rick, you didn't tell me they put her in the safe.
Castle : What's the significance?
Powell : The significance is it's unnecessary.
Powell : It's brutality for brutality's sake.
Powell : This used to be a gentlemen's game. We were like ghosts.
Powell : We could walk through walls and simply disappear.
Powell : But whoever did this, they're more like vampires.
Powell : Taste of the blood makes them feel alive.
Powell : These aren't the sort of chaps a fellow in my line of work
Powell : would care to meet by chance in the dark.
Castle : How often does that happen?
Powell : More often than you'd think, actually. Ours is a very small community.
Castle : And then what?
Powell : In my day, we'd usually come to some sort of an agreement.
Powell : You see, there was a code of conduct among professionals.
UNK: Powell. Powell!
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Hey! What's going on?
Beckett : - You brought a thief to a crime scene? - It was very helpful.
Beckett : - It was criminal trespassing. - Tomato, tomato.
Beckett : Tell your friend to keep up his disappearing act,
Beckett : and the next time you show up at a crime scene without me,
Beckett : I'll show you how my Taser works.
Castle : Promise? So, why were you there?
Beckett : Seeing if there's anything I missed. So?
Castle : - So? - Was there?
Castle : Did Mitchell make bail yet?
Beckett : Paperwork's not done yet.
Beckett : - I'm holding him out of spite. - I want to talk to him.
Beckett : Why? We already know he wasn't involved.
Castle : Something Powell said. I think Mitchell knows more than he's saying.
Beckett : And what makes you think he'll share it with us?
Castle : Not us. Just me.
Mitchell : So what are you, a forensic psychiatrist? Some kind of profiler?
Castle : Actually, I'm a writer.
UNK: Embedded reporter, huh? What, you gonna make me famous?
Castle : Not that kind of writer. I'm a novelist.
Mitchell : Yeah? Anything that I might have heard of?
UNK: Uh...
Castle : - Derrick Storm? - Yeah.
Mitchell : I love that guy. Why the hell did you kill him?
Castle : It's a long story. But I'm working on a new one,
UNK: and I got to tell you, it is very cool.
Castle : But I want to get the details right.
Mitchell : They never get the details right, not in books, movies.
Mitchell : They always write us as clowns and thugs.
Mitchell : They never stop to think that maybe we got mortgages, families...
Castle : Exactly. Okay, so, in the new book,
Castle : it's about this crew of home invaders,
Castle : based on the crew we're looking for right now.
Castle : I got this one scene where a guy just like you
Castle : runs into these guys by accident, in the middle of a job.
Mitchell : Wouldn't happen to me. I'm not doing residentials.
Mitchell : Not at least until you catch these guys. These guys are dark.
Castle : What, you know them?
UNK: Their shot-caller came into the bar a few months back,
Mitchell : looking to put together a crew. Wanted to bring me on.
Mitchell : Said he had eyes inside, working up scores for him,
Mitchell : feeding him the Glengarry leads, items, names, addresses.
Mitchell : Said that all he needed was one of my bump keys.
Castle : Did you give it to him?
Beckett : I'll be damned.
UNK: Mitchell cont'd : And I'm a two-minute man. In and out, that's my one hard and fast.
UNK: Mitchell cont'd : But this sadistic whack job?
UNK: Mitchell cont'd : Said he liked to play with his food before he ate it.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: All right, this... This shot-caller,
Castle : if I put him in the book, I want it to feel authentic.
Castle : How would you describe him?
Joanne : - This is the man who killed her? - We think so.
Beckett : We believe he may have had more than
Beckett : just a passing relationship with your mom, and he could be anyone,
Beckett : a waiter, dog-walker, doorman, personal trainer.
Joanne : No, I don't recognize him. Maybe one of the other victims knows.
Castle : Your mom wear jewelry often?
Joanne : - No, just to special events. - What kind of special events?
UNK: Uh, fashion show last year.
UNK: Gallery openings, fundraisers. My mother loved her causes.
UNK: Opera companies, environmental groups.
UNK: - "Eyes inside. " - Why are we doing this, again?
Beckett : Well, according to Mitchell, the shot-caller who wanted the bump key
Beckett : had someone feeding him inside information about our victims.
Castle : And Powell says the pieces of jewelry being stolen
Castle : are the kind you save for special occasions.
Powell : Special occasion like a charity event.
Esposito : So we find an organization that all of our victims supported...
Beckett : And we find our guy.
Esposito : Delgado and Pastori both gave to the Manhattan Opera Society.
Beckett : But not the last two victims.