Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : Hey. How was your date with Owen?
Alexis : Dad, it wasn't a date. It was a study group.
Castle : Okay, how many in the group?
UNK: - Just the two of us. - Uh-huh.
Alexis : Pilfering evidence again, I see.
Castle : Borrowing. And these are just copies.
Castle : Insurance companies like to maintain photos of pieces like these
Castle : for identification in case anything gets lost or stolen.
Martha : Hello, gorgeous!
Martha : Where have you been all my life?
Castle : You know, I'm thinking of installing a new security system.
Castle : - Maybe even a panic room. - Panic room? What for? Panic attacks?
Alexis : Anyone comes, we'll beat them off with swords.
Alexis : Or pens, since they are mightier.
Castle : No, I'm serious. I just want us to be safe.
Martha : Oh! Life isn't safe, especially not in New York.
Martha : Cranes collapse, air conditioners fall out of the sky.
Martha : In the end, there's just a few short years.
Martha : The most you can do is make the most of it
Martha : before something knocks you down.
Martha : "People living deeply have no fear of death. "
Martha : Oh, shh.
Castle : These are pretty incredible pieces.
Castle : You wouldn't use a normal fence for these.
Castle : You'd need someone with impeccable taste,
Castle : someone who appreciated their value,
Castle : someone who had high-end buyer connections.
Martha : Powell. Oh, now, there was a man, and you had to ruin it.
Alexis : - Who's Powell? - That was years ago.
Castle : - I'm sure he's forgotten all about that. - Who's Powell?
UNK: "Forgotten"? You forced him into retirement.
Martha : You ruined his life. He threatened to slit your throat.
Alexis : - Dad, who's Powell? - You remember that character of mine,
Castle : Yeah, I kind of based him on Powell.
UNK: "Kind of"? You stole the man's entire life.
Martha : And then your father, genius that he is,
UNK: thanked him in the acknowledgments, completely blowing his cover.
Castle : Yeah, he can't still be mad. I'm gonna go see him.
Alexis : - Dad! - No, I'll be okay. Don't worry.
Castle : I think it'll be fine.
Martha : If he doesn't slit your throat, tell him he owes me an evening at Le Cirque.
Alexis : Dad? Dad.
Powell : I've been waiting a long time for this, Castle.
Powell : What can I say, Rick? You really had it coming.
Castle : Yes, I did. Thanks for not killing me.
Powell : The carpet's an antique, Turkish, mid-1600s.
Powell : Blood stain on it would've been a disaster.
Powell : Besides, I was ready to retire. Being a ghost is a young man's game.
Castle : Good to see you again, old friend.
Powell : And you as well, dear boy. Tell me, how is Martha?
UNK: Still a one-woman show in search of an audience.
Castle : She says you owe her an evening at Le Cirque.
UNK: And to what do I owe the pleasure?
UNK: You're not planning a sequel, I hope. What's this?
Castle : Stolen jewelry from that rash of home invasions.
Powell : So very lovely!
Castle : I was wondering if anyone's tried to fence them.
Powell : I've heard nary a whisper of anything in this range.
Castle : The police are holding a guy named Mitchell.
Powell : Haven't had the pleasure.
Castle : Anything special about these? Anything they have in common?
Powell : These are hardly everyday wear.
Powell : I suppose one dusts them off for that very special occasion.
Castle : So, then, how did our thieves know they were there?
Powell : Seeing comes before wanting, Rick.
Powell : These chaps may actually live among their victims
Powell : and move through their world.