UNK: Okay.
Castle : You decided to go away for the weekend with your friends.
Alexis : They're picking me up in an hour.
Castle : You don't sound thrilled with your decision.
Alexis : I'm not. I feel awful about it, but either way, it's the same.
Castle : Is there anything I can do to make it easier on you?
UNK: Yes.
Alexis : You can order me to stay home.
Castle : You're serious?
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Alexis, your AP exams are far too important
Castle : for you to go gallivanting around the weekend
Castle : with your friends at the beach.
Castle : You have to stay home and study. I insist.
Alexis : I gotta call Lacey.
Alexis : Lacey? Yeah, I'm so sorry, but my dad just told me I can't go.
Alexis : I have to stay home and study for exams this weekend.
Alexis : Yeah, I know. I know. Can you believe it?
Alexis : Yeah, so much for having a cool dad.
Castle : - Dude. - Well, I'm sorry,
Alexis : and just take lots of pictures and text them to me.
Alexis : Okay. Bye.
Madison : Thank you.
Castle : You won't be thanking me when you see
Castle : what I have planned for this weekend.
Castle : 1,001 ways to distract someone who's studying.
Castle : We start by freezing ping-pong balls.
Madison : Okay, guys, let's remember to be sharp, respectful and attentive.
Madison : Okay? Have a good night.
Ryan : - Hey! - Hey, you're reopening.
Madison : Yes, I found a hot new chef to step into Wolf's shoes.
Beckett : - That's so great. - Yeah.
Jennifer : Hello, Detective. You're not here to question me again?
Beckett : No, I'm just here as a friend.
Beckett : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
Madison : - So David killed Wolf? - Yeah.
Beckett : It turns out that he intercepted a text that Wolf sent Cecily
Beckett : asking about the baby.
Beckett : And at first, he was gonna approach Cecily about it
Beckett : until he realized that eventually she would leave him
Beckett : as long as Wolf was alive.
UNK: Wow. Very Cain and Abel.
Beckett : Yeah. So I take it that you're swamped.
Madison : Always. Why?
Beckett : I thought that we could get a drink and catch up.
Madison : That'd be great.
Madison : Apparently, we have a lot of catching up to do.