Castle : And who doesn't remember a great villain?
Jennifer : Exactly. Hey, we made for great TV.
Jennifer : Why do you think they kept us on until the final two?
Beckett : - But then he won. - Personally, I was shocked that
Castle : your oven-roasted pork belly glaze didn't take top prize.
Castle : That was... Just...
Jennifer : Look, we both won. Yes, Wolf got his own restaurant,
Jennifer : but I secured financing for a catering company,
Jennifer : and I'm doing great.
Beckett : Then if you didn't kill him, maybe you can explain
Beckett : why we found your prints at the scene.
Beckett : They were all over the appliance used to bludgeon Mr. Wolf to death.
Jennifer : Are you talking about the rotary evaporator?
Jennifer : My prints are on it because it's mine.
Jennifer : I loaned it to him the day before yesterday.
Jennifer : He said he needed it to make something really special.
Beckett : Wait, you saw him the day he died?
Jennifer : He called me early in the morning and asked to meet.
Castle : Was he carrying a backpack?
Jennifer : Yeah, he seemed in a rush,
Jennifer : like he had a lot of things to do and not a lot of time to do it.
Jennifer : I gave him the evaporator,
Jennifer : and then he said he had a meeting in Midtown.
Jennifer : He asked me to drop him off on my way home.
Beckett : And where was that?
Jennifer : The northeast corner of 47th and Lex,
Jennifer : one of those big office buildings.
Beckett : Jennifer's employees confirm that she had a catering job in the Hamptons
Beckett : and that she stayed the night.
Castle : Well, just as well.
Castle : Her culinary talents would've been wasted in a prison kitchen.
Beckett : You guys, I need you to check on the tenants at this address.
Esposito : 423 East 47th?
Beckett : Apparently, Wolf visited someone there the day that he died.
Castle : And he had the backpack with him.
Beckett : Hey, how'd things go Uptown?
Ryan : Well, we talked to every waiter, busboy and manager at Cafe Rex.
Ryan : They remember Wolf coming in
Ryan : and said he sat at the same table out front, but he was always alone.
Beckett : - What was he doing? - Sipping tea, staring.
Ryan : - Sometimes he ordered the brioche. - That's right.
Beckett : That's it? Every day for the last two weeks?
Beckett : Why would he go all the way to the Upper East Side just to sit there alone?
Castle : Maybe he had a rendezvous with destiny, and it stood him up.
Castle : Which reminds me,
Castle : what color shirt do you think Madison would like on me?
Martha : Going out with Beckett's old friend?
Martha : - That's a mistake. - Beckett didn't seem to mind.
Martha : - Honey. - Do you want to hand me an apple?
Martha : Stop frowning, Alexis, or your father will freeze your face like that.
Alexis : He doesn't have to. I just found out I have to study slides
Alexis : with a microscope for my AP Chem exam.
Alexis : I can't take a microscope to the Hamptons.
Castle : So you're canceling your trip?
Alexis : Well, when I'm studying, I'll want to be on the beach with the girls,
Alexis : and when I'm on the beach, I'll feel guilty for not studying.
Martha : Well, don't look at me.
Martha : I'm from the "have your cake and eat it, too," school of decision making.
Martha : I say, do both.
Castle : Or maybe by this weekend,
Castle : I'll figure out a way to take this tank of liquid nitrogen
Castle : and build it into a weather machine.