Esposito : They're adamant that Wolf never met anybody there.
Castle : How do you have a relationship with somebody
Castle : without leaving any evidence?
Esposito : Maybe the ring wasn't his.
Esposito : Maybe he was holding it for a friend.
Castle : No, it had to be his. Look at his behavior.
Castle : He stops sleeping around, he was paying off his debts,
Castle : he sold the one thing in life he actually cared about,
Castle : just to get that ring back.
Castle : There's only one reason a man cleans up his act.
Beckett : Yeah, but murder isn't the usual response to a proposal.
Castle : Unless you got something to lose.
Esposito : He did like married women.
Beckett : All right, have CSU re-sweep his apartment.
Beckett : If this girl spent any time there,
Beckett : she must have left some evidence behind.
Beckett : Hey, Maddie. Thanks for coming.
Madison : I thought you said I was off the hook.
Beckett : Yeah, witnesses have you at the party until after the time of death.
Madison : Then why am I here?
Madison : Anyone ever offered you one of these?
Beckett : No. You?
Madison : Not yet.
Madison : I had no idea Wolf was even serious with anyone.
Beckett : Can you think of any girl that he was close to?
Madison : Every time I saw him, he was with someone different.
Madison : It's hard to believe he'd ever commit.
UNK: The guy lived his job 24l7. It had to be somebody at the restaurant.
Castle : Not necessarily.
Castle : I've fallen in love with random women on the subway.
Beckett : Well, if you can think of anyone, call me.
Madison : Yeah. And, Becks, I'm sorry
Madison : about lying to you.
Beckett : And I might have come down a little harder than I needed to.
Castle : I've fallen in love with operators on the phone.
Ryan : Even asked one out a couple of years ago,
Ryan : but she was in Bangladesh.
Madison : Yeah, I guess I wasn't seeing you as a cop, but as my friend.
Madison : You know, the girl who stole her mom's makeup to give me a makeover,
Madison : the first who told me that kissing boys might involve some tongue.
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Esposito : I bought a falafel from this stand every day for two months
Esposito : just so I could talk to the falafel girl.
Ryan : Yeah, you mean like Demming showing up every morning for coffee
Ryan : just to run into Beckett?
UNK: What?
Madison : The one who dragged me to stand outside Brent Edwards' brownstone
Madison : for hours on end just to catch a glimpse of him through the window.
Madison : Through the window.