Castle : Yeah, she also has an alibi, which you're conveniently ignoring.
Beckett : I'm not ignoring, I'm just re-checking.
Beckett : I asked her to stay in town in any case.
Castle : Yes, I know. I heard
UNK: everything.
UNK: So, selling his stakes in the restaurant,
Beckett : a backpack full of cash...
Beckett : That sounds like Wolf was getting ready to run.
Castle : Yes, but from what?
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Beckett : Hey, I'm so sorry to cut out on you earlier.
Demming : No worries. It gave me time to put the word out on your vic.
UNK: And?
Tom : Well, a guy I know runs paper for a local bookmaking ring.
Tom : Turns out he's a bit of a foodie.
Tom : He clocked Wolf doing business with a bookie at Two Bridges bar.
Tom : Apparently, your boy likes to bet big.
Castle : He was in deep with a bookie.
Beckett : That explains the beating and the cash.
Beckett : Does this bookie have a name?
Beckett : Wesley Slade?
Beckett : Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : We're investigating the murder of Balthazar Wolf.
Wesley : Never heard of him.
Beckett : Really? Well, given the marks on his body
Beckett : after the beating your boys gave him, I think you have.
Castle : What happened? He get in too deep with you, so you had to take him out?
Wesley : You really think I'm gonna tell my business to a cop.
Beckett : It's either that or you face murder charges.
Beckett : That can't be good for business.
Beckett : All right.
Wesley : Let's say, hypothetically, that I made book for him.
Wesley : And let's say for the sake of argument that he owed me a lot.
Castle : How much, hypothetically?
UNK: $25,000,
Wesley : which maybe he couldn't pay.
Wesley : So maybe he needed some encouragement.
Beckett : Maybe the encouragement went too far.
Wesley : Or maybe it was the right amount,
Wesley : so he paid what he owed and went his merry way.
Castle : - When? - The day he died,
Wesley : he comes in with a backpack full of cash,
UNK: puts $25,000 on the table and asks for his ring back.
Castle : His ring? What kind of ring?
Wesley : Diamond engagement ring.
Beckett : Why'd you have it?
UNK: Hypothetically.
Wesley : Couple of weeks back, I sent my guys to collect,
Wesley : didn't have the money, gave some sob story about a woman,
Wesley : how he spent everything he had on a diamond ring.
Wesley : So, when my guys go to give him some encouragement,
Wesley : what do they find? A nice diamond ring. Nice!
Wesley : Must have set him back 10, 15 grand of my money.
Castle : So your guys took it for collateral?