House : Page Dr. Pinto stat to the cath lab.
UNK: We're going to the oath lab? Are you thinking that...
House : What? Who?
House : One dead lobe means four live ones,
House : means enough to transplant,
House : with a side order of dead tissue that we can test.
Park : Makes sense, unlike you stealing my phone.
House : You have unlimited texting.
House : Until your parents know, you'll never see
House : that punch for what it really was,
House : your February 4th.
House : Sri Lankan Independence Day.
UNK: Mr. Weathers : I told you I'm Korean and Filipino.
House : And I told you I wasn't listening. By my actions.
Park : Violence isn't an appropriate way to handle conflict.
Park : It was a moment of weakness.
UNK: You've barked at me, picked a fight with a painting crew.
UNK: Maybe ifs time to recognize it's not a character flaw.
House : Maybe it's your character.
UNK: Pinto.
UNK: House.
House : Embrace your inner bitch.
House : So, why did chelation make the lungs worse?
House : We got about five minutes till Pinto gets back.
UNK: Give me a hand with this. No.
Park : I tracked down another bag of plasma
Park : from the batch they used on the donor,
Park : negative for all our other exposures.
House : Sarcoidosis could be inflamed by the treatment.
UNK: I'm a cripple, in need of assistance.
Foreman : Transplant team ran an ACE, negative.
House : It's mine. And it's your job.
Park : My job is to assist you in curing the lungs.
House : This chair will help me do that.
Park : What if the scrapings from the bridge contained other heavy metals,
UNK: like beryllium, or asbestos?
House : Chelation for lead wouldn't have made them worse.
UNK: But
House : maybe the problem isn't a heavy metal from outside.
House : It's inside.
House : But it's not leaving the body like it's supposed to, it's stuck.
UNK: Iron. Donor had hemosiderosis.
Park : His body wasn't disposing of iron,
Park : massive amounts choke up the lungs.
Park : Then our chelation would wreak havoc
Park : because it picks up too much stuff.
House : Go stain the dead lung tissue for iron.
House : I'm sorry, young lady, I simply will not help you steal this chair.
UNK: Pinto. House.
UNK: Hi.
Theresa : She can barely catch her breath.
Vanessa : Lungs ready yet?
UNK: We had a small setback. We're testing for iron overload.
Theresa : I thought it was lead.
Wilson : This is not an exact process.
Wilson : Your small airways are collapsing.
House : You're not getting enough oxygen.
Wilson : I'd like to try forcing an oxygen-rich slurry into your lungs.
Wilson : It should open up the airways
Wilson : and buy you some time until the lungs are ready.
Vanessa : Fluid in my lungs?
UNK: Sounds like drowning.
Wilson : It is.
Vanessa : Gonna hurt, isn't it?
Wilson : Yes. A fair amount.
UNK: No.
Vanessa : I'm done.