House : Doesn't quite make up for never visiting, but...
Wilson : Springing you was Foreman's idea.
Wilson : I wasn't convinced until Simpson failed three times.
House : Amounts to the same thing, you wanted me back.
Wilson : See, I knew you'd over-interpret it.
House : Strong, emotional reaction.
UNK: I guess that's what lifetime membership gets you.
House : How's your wrist?
Wilson : Healed, thank you.
House : I was wrong.
House : I went to prison I paid the price.
Wilson : You're a changed man.
House : I said I was wrong, I didn't say I changed. I haven't.
House : Neither have you. Which is why...
Wilson : Analyze it however you like.
Wilson : We're not friends anymore.
Wilson : What can I do?
Vanessa : My chest...
Vanessa : Angina's back.
Wilson : Upping the nitro. Should knock it back down.
Theresa : Sis and I were talking, trying to figure out
Theresa : how many hospital sleepovers we've had.
Vanessa : Definitely started with the Great Mastectomy of 2001.
Vanessa : God, I miss my boobs.
Vanessa : They were spectacular.
Theresa : Is there a chance of locating another donor?
Wilson : It's unlikely,
Wilson : especially since with the extent
Wilson : of the emphysema, she needs a double lung.
UNK: How you doing?
Vanessa : Better already.
Vanessa : It's a good thing that worked
UNK: or I was gonna make you bring me a bottle.
Vanessa : Lighten up, Sis.
Vanessa : Least you could do is laugh at a dying lady's jokes.
UNK: Your drinking wasn't funny then, okay? And it's not funny now.
Theresa : Because you're not dying.
Wilson : The hospital brought in a consultant to work on the lungs.
Theresa : Do you know him? Is he good?
Wilson : He is an excellent doctor.
Park : We probably shouldn't be turning up unannounced like this.
Park : Their son just died.
House : Bright side, they're probably up weeping.
House : Hey, we both assaulted our bosses. It's like we're twins.
Park : I'd really rather not discuss...
House : Okay, I'll go first. My boss dumped me.
House : And yours, what, called you his china doll?
House : Joked about what a crappy deal you got for Manhattan?
UNK: Assumed that you have a huge penis?
House : I have no idea what flavor you are,
House : so I thought I'd just cover the spread.
Park : My mom's Filipino, Dad's Korean.
Park : And my boss grabbed my behind.
House : Behind what?
House : Oh, yeah, your... Grabbed your tushy.
House : So now you're pretending to be on-call
House : so that your overly protective boyfriend
UNK: won't find out you got groped.
Park : I don't have a boyfriend.
Park : It's my parents.
Park : If they found out what I've done, they'd be mortified.
House : Your parents know your call schedule?
Park : I live with them.
UNK: Right.
House : No issues there.
UNK: Mr. Weathers : I told you' my son didn't do cocaine.
House : Druggies are not known for their honesty.
House : Trust me on this one.
UNK: Mr. Weathers, I'm sure you're right, but we need to be thorough.
Park : Did your son ever smoke marijuana?
UNK: Mr. Weathers : He was an athlete, took real good care of himself... Hey.
UNK: Mr. Weathers : Take it easy. Steve loved all that...
House : Sorry, but we're on a clock.
Park : I think he's about to throw us out.
UNK: Nope.
House : His son is dead.
House : The only way that has any meaning
House : is if we fix the lungs and transplant them.
House : It doesn't matter how much we piss him off
House : as long as we find something.
House : So go back there, piss him off and find something.
Park : Do you know any of the kids at the party with your son?
UNK: A bunch of his high school buddies,
UNK: Mr. Weathers : they'd gotten really into poker,
UNK: Mr. Weathers : decided to have an all-night game in Brandon Broome's basement.
UNK: Hey...
UNK: I understand we're in a hurry,
UNK: and that he's probably not gonna throw us out,
Park : but maybe he should.
House : Your son isn't wearing glasses in any of these pictures.
UNK: Mr. Weathers : He just got them a couple weeks ago.
House : Because he was having headaches?
House : Answer the question before answering the door.
UNK: Mr. Weathers : Yeah, he was.
Park : You're right, he was not doing cocaine.
House : He had a brain tumor.
House : Don't bother, it's for me.
House : Turns out they monitor these monitors.
Foreman : Thank you, Officer.