House : I thought the bracelet was decorative.
House : My aunt had one just like it.
House : Wait a minute.
Foreman : You're allowed to be at the hospital, you're allowed to go home.
Foreman : That was made clear.
UNK: The dead kid's house was on the way to my apartment,
House : assuming I got lost twice.
Foreman : Those consultants in my office
Foreman : are only costing the hospital 100 bucks
Foreman : every minute I keep them waiting.
Foreman : Why didn't you just tell me what you were doing?
House : I knew you were very busy being vaguely important.
Foreman : I might have cleared it with the cops.
House : Yeah, it's the word "might" that bumps me.
House : I'll run it by you next time.
UNK: House.
Foreman : Getting you out of jail was not a popular decision with the board.
Foreman : I need you to solve this,
Foreman : and I need you to do it without making me look like I can't control you.
Foreman : For both our sakes.
House : Disciplinary hearing should be fun,
House : and the subsequent lingering black mark on your record.
Park : I'm not worried.
Park : We have to wheel this out to the MRI.
Park : We should probably leave the body in the bag.
House : There's a mass in the arm.
House : Analyzing part of this tumor is gonna be quicker than a scan.
House : So, where's the next job?
House : You worry about what people think of you,
UNK: thus the carefully maintained hair, clothes and parental secrets.
UNK: The only way that you're not worried about this hearing
House : is if you don't think there's gonna be one.
House : The only way that happens is you leave Princeton-Plainsboro.
Park : I had a video interview with Chicago yesterday. It went well.
House : My money's on rhabdomyosarcoma.
House : Chicago has a great program.
House : And you're a dumb-ass.
House : Running away from home is a time-honored tradition.
House : But you're not doing it to flee your parents,
House : you're doing it to protect them.
House : That's an insult to everything teen prostitutes have worked for.
House : Time to grow up and come clean.
Park : You're right. I should just drive my car
Park : into their living room and tell them.
Theresa : Didn't it turn out that he'd stolen the hot dog cart?
Vanessa : No, borrowed. Bobby was very insistent on that point.
Wilson : Seems like someone's feeling better.
Vanessa : No more chest pain.
Wilson : I haven't heard the name Bobby in a long time.
Wilson : How's he doing these days?
Vanessa : I don't know, we're not in touch.
Vanessa : And don't even pretend like you're not relieved, you never liked him.
Wilson : Bobby is an incredibly fun, great guy, just not a great influence.
Theresa : I would have gone with colossal drunk.
Wilson : I was gonna leave that implied, but yes, colossal drunk.
Vanessa : What? It's good for a couple to share a hobby.
Wilson : Your catheter bag is empty, despite taking in 200 cc's of fluids.
Wilson : I'm gonna have to dial back on the nitro.
Theresa : Won't her chest pain come back?
Wilson : We don't have any choice.
Wilson : The nitro is dropping the blood flow to your kidneys.
Wilson : They're shutting down.
House : This is so our song.
Wilson : My patient is running out of time.
Park : Not worried.
House : My team is confirming the diagnosis as we speak.
Wilson : I want to be understanding. It's your first day back...
UNK: See?
House : I smell empathy.
UNK: Just remember all the good times.