House : Like when I gave you that necklace
House : that you just dumped in the ocean.
House : What were you thinking?
Wilson : House, I haven't forgotten our friendship.
Wilson : For every good memory, there's a slew of bad ones.
House : Come in. Come in.
UNK: Paraneoplastic syndrome is out.
Park : The lung donor didn't have cancer.
UNK: You tell that to the tumor that I found in his arm?
UNK: That mass wasn't a tumour. It was coagulated plasma.
Park : ER pumped him full of it, IV leaked into his arm.
Park : I even did a complete MRI. No cancer anywhere.
Park : We've got nothing.
House : Just 'cause it wasn't a tumor
House : doesn't mean it didn't mess with the lungs.
House : They're reacting to something in the plasma.
UNK: We'd need to track down all of them.
UNK: Still. Not as bad as 1,000 people
House : going down in a gigantic boat, right?
House : My heart will go on.
Foreman : No. You can't leave the hospital.
UNK: Twenty-five donors contributed to the plasma that the lung donor got.
UNK: My "team" cannot track down and interview them all in six hours.
Foreman : I vouch for you to the cops,
Foreman : you take some parole-violating detour celebrating your freedom,
Foreman : justified, of course, by some absurd theory connecting it to the case.
House : You asked me to ask you. Was that just so you'd enjoy saying no?
Foreman : I don't trust you, House. I can't.
House : Actually, you have to.
Foreman : Not absolutely. Not outside the walls of this hospital.
House : Fine, then give me a team I don't have to put in quotation marks.
Foreman : Use the people already on the case.
UNK: Get me Chase, Taub, Thirteen.
Wilson : We don't have the money to pay them.
UNK: Oh. Yeah, it went to interior designers, I understand.
Foreman : You only have Park because she's on Neurology's tab.
Foreman : You are making minimum wage.
Park : I am?
Foreman : Get out of my office, please.
UNK: What you got?
Wilson : Number three went to a baseball game the day before he donated.
House : Boredom is not transmissible.
Wilson : He ate a bag of peanuts. And peanut proteins would be.
Wilson : If our donor had an allergy, could explain the lungs.
UNK: Nice.
House : - What? - Nothing.
Wilson : Don't start that
House : Start what? I'm enjoying our conversation.
House : The repartee.
Wilson : There was no repartee.
House : That was repartee.
Wilson : I'm not doing this for you.
Wilson : I'm doing it to help my patient.
House : It's just good to hear your voice.
UNK: Good bye.
House : That's my whiteboard.
House : I need it.
House : And he really doesn't care how the cast comes off.
Betty : Dr. Foreman warned us that you'd try something.