Foreman : You break the law, you go back to jail.
Foreman : Scam extra Vicodin, back to jail.
Foreman : Flout my authority, make the hospital look bad, back to jail.
Foreman : I own you.
UNK: Yes, master.
Foreman : See, that would be an example.
House : When did Cuddy leave?
Foreman : She gave her notice the day after your incident.
Foreman : Took a job...
House : Don't need the details.
Foreman : Ortho needed more space.
Foreman : You're this way.
House : Where's my stuff?
Foreman : No idea.
House : What about my team?
UNK: Pathetic.
Foreman : The first thing you said to me
Foreman : was you don't want your old environment,
Foreman : the fourth thing you said was, "Where's my old environment?"
Foreman : It's been a year. Taub, Chase, Thirteen all moved on.
Foreman : The world does that sometimes.
House : No, it doesn't.
Foreman : Here's your new office.
Foreman : And there's your new team.
UNK: Hi.
House : I'm not interested in another department's sloppy seconds.
Park : I'm not sloppy seconds...
UNK: It's 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: If Foreman had called you in from home,
UNK: you wouldn't have pressed clothes, coiffed hair and make-up.
UNK: Which means you were already here in the hospital.
UNK: Yes, I was on-call for Neurology.
House : If that were true, you'd be working right now and unavailable to help.
House : Which means that you're hanging out
House : in the hospital pretending to work.
House : Which means you're not just a reject,
UNK: you're a cowardly reject who's trying to hide her rejectedness from someone.
Park : I am not a reject.
House : Then go back to Neurology.
Park : I can't.
Park : I punched my attending.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : ARDS secondary to trauma is our leading hypothesis.
UNK: FI02 is 93%...
UNK: Prison!
House : Sorry, I thought I heard everyone else think that.
UNK: I was in prison, see?
House : It was a long time ago, but still, you're curious.
House : Never was raped.
House : Not raped-raped.
House : Well, raped-raped but not raped-raped-raped.
House : Well, now that we've got that completely behind us...
House : I'm sorry. Dr. House, welcome back...
UNK: ls there cake?
House : Any alveolar exudate?
UNK: No. Lungs are dry.
House : Well, it's not ARDS. It's the autumn.
UNK: It's tick-borne disease season.
UNK: Ehrlichiosis causing bronchiolitis.
House : You'll appreciate that I left the "idiots" subtextual.
Wilson : Blood smear was clear, and we idiots
Wilson : treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics.
House : - Cocaine. - Tox screen was clean.
House : Dead men don't pee.
House : Tox screen tests for metabolites in the urine.
House : Coke never got past the lungs.
House : Also explains the motorcycle crash.
UNK: Idiots.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Let's get the lungs on treatment.
House : Great idea, unless you're wrong.
House : And by you, I mean me.
House : Then this treatment will bum holes in the lungs.
House : I'd call you idiots, but at this point,
House : I'm starting to doubt whether you understand what I mean by the word.
House : Kato, get Black Beauty and meet me out front.
House : We're gonna find the dead kid's stash.
House : Since an 18-year-old with organ donor
House : on his license is not a cancer patient,
House : I'm figuring the recipient is a lifetime member
House : of the Wilson Cares Too Much Club.
Wilson : Excellent deduction.
House : You're the reason I'm out of the big house.