Jimmy : Doesn't ring a bell.
Castle : That's a grown-up lying.
UNK: WHISPERS Get used to that.
ESPOSITO : Must've ate at you, huh?
Esposito : All those nights in the joint, knowing you were in there rotting away,
Esposito : while he was out there free, because he ditched you at the bank.
Jimmy : Like I told the DA, I didn't have a partner.
Jimmy : And if I did, I ain't no rat.
Beckett : What about a murderer?
Jimmy : - Cam's dead? - So you do know him.
Jimmy : Yeah, okay. But I had nothing to do with this.
Beckett : The day you made parole, he installs a security system,
Beckett : gets all new locks.
Beckett : Now, why would he do that?
UNK: Because, I don't know, when I was convicted,
Jimmy : I may have told some folks that, uh, Cam would pay.
Jimmy : But that was years ago.
Jimmy : Look, the truth is, I was the one who messed up that day.
Jimmy : I got hung up inside, Cam waited as long as he could,
Jimmy : longer than he should've.
Jimmy : I told him that. He knew we were square.
Esposito : Witnesses at Cam's work say otherwise.
UNK: Said you two were fighting.
Esposito : That afterwards Cam was scared to come back to the garage at night.
UNK: What?
UNK: No, it's just, I'm trying to get my life together like he did.
Jimmy : I thought maybe he could put in a word with his boss,
Jimmy : help me get a job driving.
Esposito : Well, that's funny.
Esposito : 'Cause witnesses say that the conversation was heated.
Jimmy : Because he wouldn't help me.
Jimmy : Told me he couldn't be around me anymore,
Jimmy : that that part of his life was over.
UNK: After all I'd done for him, keeping my mouth shut all those years,
Jimmy : he couldn't even put in a good word?
Jimmy : That's the last I saw of him.
Beckett : Mr. Wolfinsky, where were you last night?
Jimmy : I was with my girlfriend, out in Jersey.
Jimmy : I've been with her all week.
Esposito : What about this morning, between 6 : 00 and 7 : 00?
Jimmy : We were having breakfast at a diner. People saw us.
Jimmy : Look, I swear, this wasn't me.
Beckett : Have you ever seen this baby before?
UNK: No.
UNK: What's a baby got to do with this?
Ryan : Well, he's telling the truth.
Ryan : According to his girlfriend and her roommate,
UNK: he spent the last few days at their apartment in Jersey.
Esposito : And a waitress at that diner places him there during the shooting window.
Beckett : Okay, well, if Jimmy was telling the truth,
Beckett : then Cam didn't have any reason to be afraid of him.
UNK: Then why was he avoiding the limo garage at his 3 : 00 a.m. Lunch break?
Beckett : Maybe he wasn't avoiding it. Maybe something else was going on.
Beckett : Most limo companies use GPS services to track their vehicles.
Beckett : Maybe they can tell us where Cam was going all those nights.
Esposito : On it.
UNK: Sandra Whitman : Uh, excuse me, Detective Beckett?
Castle : - Yeah. - Hi.
Sandra : Sandra Whitman, Child Services.
Sandra : Sorry it took me so long to get here. This time of year is always bad.
Beckett : Oh, no, not a problem. He's right in the lounge.
UNK: Oh, great, thanks.
UNK: Um, uh... What's gonna happen to him?
Sandra : County facilities don't currently have any beds,
Sandra : so we're working to find a foster family to take him.
Sandra : I'll let you know as soon as we do.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: You're so beautiful.
Castle : I don't know if we should just be handing him over to strangers.
UNK: Hi.
Beckett : Castle, we were strangers until this morning.
Castle : How can you be logical in the face of that face?
Beckett : Well, because I have to be.
Beckett : I mean, we don't know what's gonna happen to Cosmo.
Beckett : We can't get attached.
Castle : Is that why you won't hold him?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Okay, fine.
Beckett : I've never really been a baby person.
Beckett : I mean, some people see babies
UNK: and they wanna hold them, they wanna nibble their toes.
UNK: And I've never been one of those people, so...
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I did not know that about you.
Castle : I suppose you hate rainbows, too.
Beckett : I don't hate babies, Castle. I just don't see the appeal.
Beckett : But I am sure I'll feel differently when we have one of our own.
Castle : Will you?
Castle : Will you?
Ryan : Okay, so we pulled GPS information
Ryan : from the past six nights that Cameron was at work,
Ryan : and nothing out of the ordinary.
Esposito : Until we took a look at his lunch hour. Check it out.
UNK: Every night at 3 : 00 a.m., he'd go off shift
Ryan : - and he would drive here. - TYPES
Beckett : The Colfax Building downtown?
Esposito : But he wouldn't stay long. Watch.
Ryan : Every night, he would drive to the same destination,
Ryan : - a block in Alphabet City. - CLICKS KEY
Esposito : Each night he would take a different route.
Esposito : - And he'd do it over and over again. - BEEPING
UNK: Only one reason I can think why
Ryan : someone like him would be doing something like that.
Beckett : He was practicing escape routes.
Beckett : Cam was back in the life.
Beckett : He was planning a getaway.
Ryan : We scrubbed traffic cam footage from the Colfax Building
Ryan : between the time Cameron left his house that night
UNK: to when he arrived at the church.
Esposito : We found this behind the Colfax Building.
Beckett : That's his car.
ESPOSITO : Two guys were with him.
UNK: 3 : 57 a.m.
UNK: Where are they going with that briefcase?
UNK: Don't know, but then, about 15 minutes later...
UNK: CLICKS MOUSE
CASTLE : Here they come. Same briefcase.
Castle : It's a heist. And Cam is the wheelman.
Beckett : What's in the building?
UNK: Uh, high-end offices, a jewelry store,
Esposito : real estate and law offices, a TV station and a couple of banks.
Ryan : I checked the blotter.
Ryan : There are no reports of any break-ins from anyone at that address.
Beckett : Well, they might not know they had been hit.
Beckett : Is there any evidence of the baby in the footage?
Ryan : Nope. Only three men and a Mustang.
Castle : So where did Cosmo come from?
UNK: Must be from wherever Cameron was
UNK: between 4 : 12 a.m. And when he was shot at 6 : 30.
UNK: Canvass the area in Alphabet City