UNK: You've done it.
UNK: - CLAPS HANDS - All right, you hold him.
UNK: - Okay, got him. - Here we go.
UNK: And I'll take care of this.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: LOWERED VOICE Uncle Rick's pretty funny, huh?
Beckett : I think you're pretty funny, too.
UNK: Ugh.
UNK: What?
UNK: Nothing.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Now all we have to do is get him to sleep.
MARTHA : Well, you are a hungry boy. Yes, you are.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Good for you!
Martha : Oh, well, look who's up.
Alexis : How long have I been gone?
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Beckett : Coffee's not even helping.
Castle : I'd forgotten about this part.
UNK: Whoa.
Ryan : You two look like you got hit by the milk truck.
Castle : You see this face? This is the face of your future.
Esposito : That bad, huh?
Castle : No, no, no. We slept like babies.
Beckett : Yeah, up every hour.
RYAN : Where's the little guy?
Beckett : Martha and Alexis offered to babysit him.
Beckett : They said they're gonna make a day out of it.
UNK: So, where are we on, um...
UNK: - ESPOSITO : Child Services? - Child Services.
Esposito : Still no reports of a missing baby,
Esposito : but while you two were bouncing junior on your knee,
Esposito : CSU reports came in.
Ryan : Whoever was there cleaned up after themselves.
Ryan : The place was wiped down for prints.
Beckett : What about that fire?
Ryan : Analysis of the burn showed
UNK: high-concentration nitrocellulose and camphor.
Castle : Charred celluloid.
Beckett : Just like on Cameron.
Esposito : That blood we found?
UNK: According to genetic markers, it came from someone related to that baby.
Ryan : But without anything else to go on, all we know is that they are related.
Ryan : We still don't know who either of them are.
UNK: Well, what about Cameron? He must've known.
UNK: We re-checked his phones, friends and financials.
Ryan : Whatever was going on, he hid it well.
Esposito : And since no one in that office building knows what our thieves were after,
UNK: we're back to square one.
Beckett : Maybe not.
UNK: Why? What are you thinking?
Beckett : Given how much baby garbage we generated in just one night,
UNK: and how quickly they cleaned and vacated that apartment
Beckett : after the shooting,
Beckett : I'm wondering where all their garbage went.
UNK: You take me to the most exotic places.
UNK: Look, if you didn't wanna jump in,
UNK: you could've just waited on the side like you usually do.
UNK: What? Are you kidding?
Castle : After the puke storm I put you through last night,
Castle : it felt wrong not to participate.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah.
Castle : Which, by the way, you were great last night.
Beckett : Thank you. You weren't so bad yourself.
UNK: Well, I was no Baby Whisperer.
UNK: STAMMERS You know, I gotta say, when I volunteered to take Cosmo,
UNK: I thought I was doing it for his benefit.
UNK: But I realized I was doing it more for mine.
UNK: I...
UNK: When Alexis was little, Meredith really wasn't around.
UNK: So, I did it all on my own.
UNK: And when you said you weren't a baby person...
Beckett : Okay. Okay, I get it. You were thinking that...
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay, well, I'll tell you what. When the time comes,
UNK: there's no way I'm gonna let you take care of our baby on your own.
UNK: - RYAN : Hey, guys! - LOUD CLATTER
Ryan : Got something.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah!
UNK: Diapers!
Ryan : Same kind that Cosmo was wearing when we found him.
UNK: The cheap, non-biodegradable kind?
Castle : - That's just criminal. - What else is in the bag?
Ryan : A wine preservation kit. With, uh...
Ryan : Ooh, argon canisters.
UNK: Really? That's weird.
UNK: Ping-Pong balls, paddles and a net.