UNK: where Cameron's practice routes ended.
UNK: See if you can figure out where those guys were holed up.
UNK: Castle and I'll head down to the Colfax Building.
UNK: Someone down there must know what these guys took.
MAN : I'm sorry, Detective.
Dennis : As head of security, I checked with all our tenants.
Dennis : As far as we can tell, nothing was taken.
Castle : Nothing? Are you sure?
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Dennis, how's your security system?
UNK: State-of-the-art.
Dennis : Good camera coverage, motion detectors.
UNK: We double-checked all our systems.
Dennis : No wires were cut, no alarms were triggered,
UNK: - no elevators called. - CELL PHONE BEEPS
Dennis : There's just no evidence of anyone entering the building.
Castle : Then how do you explain this?
Castle : Two masked guys entering your parking lot at 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: SIGHS I don't know.
Dennis : It's possible they never got past the parking gate and just gave up.
UNK: Still, we're gonna need to examine
Beckett : all the surveillance from last night, Mr. Dennis.
Ryan : Of course.
Dennis : I'll also get you a list of our tenants if you want to follow up.
Castle : A heist where nothing was taken.
Castle : Maybe this is a classic "no honor among thieves" situation.
UNK: You know, heist goes wrong, they fight.
Beckett : Where someone gets shot running away with a baby?
UNK: Not-so-classic "no honor among thieves" situation?
UNK: No.
Ryan : I mean, earlier, just got me thinking.
Ryan : Our baby's due in a month, and I can't stop it.
Ryan : What if I'm really not ready?
Esposito : - Well, you're not ready. - What?
Esposito : Nobody is.
Esposito : Look, being a dad is like being a cop.
UNK: Doesn't matter what they teach you in the Academy,
Esposito : you learn on the streets. You did okay with that, right?
UNK: Uh, my first day, I was so nervous,
UNK: I rear-ended a SWAT van and 10 guys in vests poured out,
UNK: ready to take me down with extreme prejudice.
UNK: Well, you care.
Esposito : That already makes you 100 times better than the dad I had.
Esposito : This is it. This is where Cam's route ended.
Ryan : Hey, Espo. Check it out. A bullet hole.
Esposito : Building's scheduled to be torn down end of the month.
Beckett : Making this the perfect hideout.
Ryan : Over here.
Ryan : We think this is where Cam's killer fired from.
Beckett : Is that powder residue?
Ryan : Probably broke the window with his elbow
UNK: before firing down at Cameron.
Beckett : This building is about a five-minute drive to that church.
Castle : Something caught fire here recently. Very recently.
Esposito : There's also signs of a fight.
Esposito : Blood spatter on the wall. Don't know whose.
UNK: And we found this.
Castle : Cosmo was here.
UNK: Okay, so this must be where Cameron got him from.
UNK: But what was a baby doing here in the first place?
Beckett : Get CSU down here. Have them tear this place apart.
Beckett : Prints, trace, anything that'll help us identify whoever else was involved.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah. Just keep wondering about
Castle : whose blood that was on the wall of the hideout.
UNK: And every time I think about it, I don't like how the story ends.
Beckett : Well, I've contacted every business in the Colfax Building.
Beckett : No thefts and no missing babies.
Esposito : Hey. We took another look at Jimmy Wolfinsky.
Esposito : If he is involved, we can't find a connection.
Ryan : I spoke to Cameron's wife again.
Ryan : There's no indication of any new friends in his life,
Ryan : but they were having money issues.
Ryan : They were on the verge of losing their house.
Ryan : So odds are, whatever he was doing, it was for the money.
Esposito : But there was nothing unusual in his phone records
Esposito : and no activity that night.
Beckett : Well, CSU's just getting started,
UNK: and we're not gonna learn anything more until tomorrow, so...
UNK: - All right. Good night, guys. - Good night.
Beckett : We should probably get going, too.
Castle : You know, even though he'd been shot,
Castle : Cameron did everything he could to keep that baby safe.
Castle : That doesn't seem like the actions of a bad guy.
Beckett : Yeah, well, he's probably not a bad guy.
Beckett : He just made a bad choice and got in over his head.