Castle : - Babies love me. - BABY COOS
UNK: WHISPERS I'm the Baby Whisperer.
UNK: Wanna hold him?
Beckett : Uh, no. I'd rather figure out where he came from.
Castle : - Well, when a... - Stop.
Beckett : Stop. I know where babies come from, Castle. Just not this one.
Beckett : I can't believe you don't wanna hold the baby!
Beckett : Everyone wants to hold the baby!
UNK: I don't wanna hold that baby.
Esposito : So, I got a hit in the, uh, prison tattoo database.
Esposito : - Check it out. - BECKETT : Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Just like Roman described it.
UNK: Yep. It belongs to one Jimmy Wolfinsky, a.k.a. Jimmy the Wolf.
Esposito : Suspected in a handful of bank and jewelry jobs.
Esposito : He was arrested seven years ago
Esposito : and convicted when a bank robbery went south.
Esposito : He just got paroled two weeks ago.
Beckett : Any connection to our victim?
Esposito : Well, the bank that he robbed, Jimmy would've gotten away,
Esposito : but when he came outside the building, his getaway car was gone.
Esposito : Jimmy's partner bolted when the alarm sounded.
Esposito : Cops never caught him, and Jimmy never ratted,
Esposito : but witnesses were able to provide a sketch of the getaway driver.
Esposito : Look familiar?
Castle : That's Cameron Ducane, our victim.
Esposito : Our mild-mannered limo driver had a criminal past.
UNK: Looks like that past just caught up with him.
UNK: THEME SONG PLAYING
Castle : So, it's a tale of betrayal and revenge.
Castle : Cameron abandons his partner, Jimmy, when the heat comes down,
Castle : leaving him to take the fall.
Castle : Ridden with remorse,
Castle : Cameron tries to put it all behind him, start his life anew.
Castle : But, surprise, surprise,
Castle : Jimmy made parole after spending seven long years
UNK: of thinking of ways to make his old partner pay.
Ryan : No wonder Cameron was adding locks.
Castle : He didn't want to tell his wife about it
Castle : because he didn't want her to know about his criminal past.
Beckett : That's a great theory, Castle.
Beckett : Except where did the baby come from?
Castle : Ah. Maybe...
UNK: - Nope, I got nothing. - Hmm.
Esposito : I just talked to Jimmy the Wolf's parole officer.
Esposito : Jimmy's got an apartment in Queens.
Beckett : Okay, head up there, see if you can track him down.
Beckett : Whatever happened last night, he was a part of it.
Castle : Don't you worry, little Cosmo. These guys are the best.
Castle : If anyone can find your folks, it's them.
UNK: Except we have double-checked with hospitals,
Beckett : the FBI and the NCMEC, and nothing.
Beckett : If someone was missing their baby, wouldn't they have come forward?
Castle : Maybe they don't know he's gone.
Beckett : Or maybe they're not alive.
Beckett : I mean, we don't know what happened that night.
Lanie : Well, whatever happened, happened near that church.
Beckett : Lanie, what are you doing here?
Lanie : I had some information.
Lanie : I thought I'd come by
Lanie : - and check on my little patient. - BABY FUSSING
UNK: BABY VOICE Hi, little doodle bug. How you doin'?
Beckett : What makes you think Cameron was shot near the church?
Lanie : Well, based on the nature and the severity of the wounds,
Lanie : your victim maybe had only five or 10 minutes before he bled out.
UNK: Well, he couldn't have driven that far.
Lanie : Twenty blocks, at most.
Lanie : I also found something unusual under his fingernails.
UNK: BABY VOICE Wax residue, charred nitrocellulose
UNK: SINGSONGY and camphor.
Lanie : - Nitrocellulose? - Yes.
Lanie : It's used to make celluloid.
UNK: You can find it in old film stock, certain kinds of plastic,
UNK: but it's highly flammable. Well, isn't it?
Castle : Charred celluloid? Where would that come from?
Lanie : Beats me. That's your job.
Lanie : Right now, my job is to play with the little baby.
UNK: BABY VOICE Yes, it is!
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Jimmy's apartment is empty, and his landlord hasn't seen him in days.
Ryan : Well, if he killed Cameron, he's probably halfway to Mexico by now.
Esposito : All right, I'll put out a BOLO on him, check in with his parole officer,
Esposito : see if he's got a list of known associates.
Esposito : He just got out of prison.
Esposito : If he's on the run, he's gonna need some help.
UNK: Yeah. And, uh, while you do that, I'm gonna duck inside.
Ryan : - I feel a quick pick calling my name. - Are you serious?
Ryan : Two minutes, okay?