Beckett : Let's see if we can figure out what direction this car was coming from.
Esposito : Yo. We found the victim's wife.
Esposito : It's not their kid.
UNK: We've only been married for two years. We weren't ready for a baby.
Beckett : Could the baby be a friend's or a relative's?
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : No, I've never seen him before.
UNK: Lissa, I know this is hard,
Beckett : but is it possible that Cam had a baby outside of your marriage?
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : Absolutely not.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : Cam told me everything. He wouldn't have kept a secret like that.
UNK: Okay. Where did he go this morning? Do you know what he was doing?
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : He was at work. He's a driver for a car service.
Beckett : When did he go in?
UNK: Around 10 : 00 last night. He works the overnight.
UNK: The 11 : 00 to 6 : 00.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : I knew something was wrong.
UNK: VOICE BREAKING He just always comes home by 7 : 00.
UNK: SNIFFLES
UNK: Uh, did you notice anything unusual in his life recently,
Beckett : anything that would point to trouble of some sort?
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : Actually, yeah.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : A couple of weeks ago, he started acting,
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : I don't know, paranoid.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : He bought one of those home security systems
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : and he put extra locks on all of our doors.
Beckett : - Did he say why? - No, he just...
UNK: Oh, he said he just loved me,
UNK: VOICE BREAKS and that he just wanted me to be safe.
Beckett : This limo company, what's the name?
MAN : Cameron? Jeez, he was one of my best guys.
Roman : Nice, reliable, good soul. What happened?
Esposito : We were hoping you could tell us.
Ryan : We know he worked the overnight yesterday.
Ryan : What time did he finish his shift this morning?
Roman : He didn't. He was on the books to work last night, but he didn't show up.
Ryan : He do that a lot?
UNK: Nah. A year and a half here, that was his first time.
Beckett : You notice anything going on with him at work?
Beckett : Anything unusual?
Roman : Yeah, yeah. There was that guy that showed up last week.
UNK: Watch yourselves. Guys, bring it out. WHISTLES
Ryan : What guy?
Roman : Well, Cam said he was an old friend, right?
Roman : But they didn't look too friendly to me.
Roman : When Cam saw him, he went pale. So he stepped outside to talk.
Roman : And it sounded pretty heated.
Esposito : You know what it was about?
Roman : No, but I heard the guy say something about going to prison.
Roman : When Cam came back inside, he was rattled.
Roman : And before that guy left, he told Cam that he'd be coming back.
Ryan : This guy show up again?
UNK: Nah, but I got the feeling that Cam was scared of him.
Roman : Because, normally, he'd come back to the garage
UNK: for his 3 : 00 a.m. Lunch break, but since that guy showed up,
Roman : he'd be staying out all night like he was scared to come back here.
Ryan : This guy, can you describe him?
UNK: I really didn't get a look at his face.
UNK: SNAPS FINGERS But, oh, oh... Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Roman : He had this, uh, tattoo on his arm.
Roman : It was pretty spectacular. It was a wolf, teeth bared, howling at a moon.
Beckett : Wow, a howling wolf tattoo?
Beckett : - That's pretty specific. - Mmm.
Beckett : If this guy did time,
Beckett : there should be a record of it in the prison tattoo database.
Ryan : Esposito's checking right now. Any idea whose kid this is?
Beckett : Uh, there's no reports of any missing babies.
RYAN : Okay. How about our victim?
Beckett : Well, aside from a handful of speeding tickets back in the day, he's clean.
UNK: All of his friends say that he was quiet,
Beckett : he was hard-working and completely devoted to his wife.
UNK: Huh. Guy takes off for work at 10 : 00 p.m. But never arrives.
UNK: And then at 6 : 45 the next morning,
UNK: he shows up shot to death at a church, holding somebody else's baby.
UNK: What the hell happened
UNK: - during those eight hours? - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: BABY FUSSING
UNK: Hey. So, that's a couple of things?
Castle : Yeah, I just grabbed the essentials.
Castle : You know, uh, diapers, a carrier, wipes, blankies, bottles, formula.
UNK: Don't want little Cosmo going hungry.
Beckett : - Cosmo, huh? - Yeah.
UNK: We can't just keep calling him "the baby."
Ryan : Uh, why Cosmo?
UNK: It's what I was gonna call Alexis if she was a boy.
UNK: - RYAN : Ah. - A turkey outfit? Really?
Castle : It's a turkey onesie. It's Thanksgiving.
Castle : It was expensive, but it's adorable.
UNK: And like I said, my family dresses up for Thanksgiving.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I'm suddenly getting a clear
Beckett : and frightening visual as to what my future will look like.
Ryan : Hey, Castle, um, mind if I hold him? It'd be good experience for me.
UNK: - Oh, yeah! Absolutely. Here. Good. - All right.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : - Ready? - Oh, yeah.
Beckett : - Uh... - CRYING
Castle : - Hold his head there. - I know.
UNK: - CONTINUES CRYING - Okay, hold him up under his...
Castle : I know.
UNK: CONTINUES CRYING
Ryan : He's crying. What am I doing wrong?
Castle : Just try to remain calm. They can sense fear.
Ryan : This is not at all like the practice doll.
Ryan : I thought I was ready.
Ryan : Clearly I am not.
Beckett : - All right. - SIGHS
Ryan : Oh, God. I'm not ready.
Beckett : Oh, he really likes you.
Roman : Oh, yeah. I don't know if you know this about me.