UNK: l think we're distracting her. Let's everybody be still for a minute.
UNK: Who's painting us?
UNK: -What happened to all of our money? -l'm not sure exactly what they did...
UNK: ...but l'm inclined to blame Enron.
Monica : With you doing the internship, we're spending more than we're bringing in.
UNK: Yeah, maybe l should quit and get a job that pays.
Monica : But you're finally doing something that you love.
UNK: l mean, l can't ask you to give that up.
UNK: Although it would be nice if the thing that you loved was finding gold.
UNK: You know, l think we're making too big a deal out of this.
UNK: We'll pay our bills late this month. Next month we'll cut back on a few things.
Chandler : And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change.
UNK: You're a chef. What can you make out of baking soda and beer?
UNK: Worst-case scenario is, we borrow some money from my parents.
UNK: Or, you slipped on ice at their house last month. Can we sue them?
UNK: No, and we're not borrowing money.
Monica : -Why not? -We don't do that. We are Bings.
UNK: lf there's one thing my father taught me, it was...
Chandler : ...well, to always knock before going into the pool house.
UNK: -The other thing is, never borrow money. -l had no idea you had this much pride.
UNK: That's right, l do. l am your man. l'm gonna get us through this situation...
Chandler : ...even if it means you working twice as hard.
UNK: You know, it's just really weird.
UNK: You don't like eating animals, but you love watching them tear each other apart.
UNK: No, l don't-- Get him. Get him!
UNK: Separate the sick one from the herd!
UNK: -l'm gonna go. -Why?
UNK: l haven't been home in days, and l need to get more clothes.
Phoebe : You don't have to go. l have something that'll fit you.
UNK: l put that tube top on as a joke.
UNK: -l want you to stay. -l want to stay too.
UNK: But l've got as much use out of these boxers as l can.
Phoebe : -Why don't you turn them inside-- -Done it.
UNK: -l'll be back in a couple of hours. -All right. l'll miss you.
Mike : Me too.
UNK: Oh, fine. Yeah, you got away.
UNK: But don't look so smug. You're gonna bleed to death.
UNK: You know what? l just realized something. l don't want to go home.
UNK: -Great! Okay, l'll go get the tube top. -No, no, what l mean is...
UNK: ...l hate going back to my apartment now.
UNK: Partly because l live above a known crack den...
UNK: ...but, you know, mostly because when l'm there, l really miss you.
UNK: So...
Mike : ...do you want to move in together?
UNK: Wow, Mike Hanigan...
Phoebe : ...you sure know how to make a girl say ''Hell, yeah.''
Mike : -So we're doing it? -Yeah, let's do it. Let's live together.
UNK: -We're really gonna move in together? -Yeah.
UNK: l've always wanted to live with a guy.
Phoebe : Pick up your socks. Put down the toilet seat.
Phoebe : No, we are not having sex anymore.
UNK: lt's gonna be fun.
UNK: Shame on you, TV Guide.
UNK: A man's ass is not nudity!
Monica : -Hey, Joey. -Hey.
UNK: Listen, l need to know that what l'm about to ask you...