UNK: l know the other day in the coffeehouse...
UNK: ...you were all caught up in the whole soccer-mom thing...
UNK: ...but is that really you? l mean, can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo?
Phoebe : They are awfully boxy.
UNK: People like me like stability and security. You don't.
UNK: And that's what's so incredible about you.
UNK: You got this wild and crazy life.
UNK: l mean, l don't know, you'd be so bored with marriage. l mean, it's so normal.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Hey, can l help?
UNK: Well, we climbed up four flights of stairs, maneuvered a narrow hallway...
UNK: ...dodged a rabid pit bull. But these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
Ross : You know, sometimes your words, they hurt.
Joey : Hey, where do you guys want this?
Rachel : Yeah, seriously, because this is really heavy.
UNK: l mean, not for me, because l'm only pretending to hold it, but for these guys.
UNK: Just one last time on the marriage thing. There's no wiggle room? None at all?
Mike : No, but you don't want to get married either, right?
UNK: Right.
UNK: Except that l do want to get married.
UNK: Couldn't have had this conversation down at the truck, huh?
UNK: What? You want to get married?
UNK: Someday.
UNK: And...hernia.
UNK: l haven't had a normal life. And l never felt like l was missing out on anything.
UNK: But it feels like now it's my turn to have some of the regular stuff.
Mike : Why didn't you say something before?
UNK: l didn't know how much l wanted it. And l love you, and l wanted to live with you.
UNK: l want to live with you too. l mean, let's do that.
UNK: But l don't think l can.
UNK: lt was okay to move in when l didn't know what was gonna happen.
UNK: But l can't move in knowing nothing is ever gonna happen.
UNK: l said to bring the cushions up first, but no.
UNK: Can we at least try living together? You might change your mind about marriage.
Phoebe : Are you gonna change yours?
UNK: No.
Phoebe : Me neither.
UNK: l think l need to be with someone who wants what l want.
UNK: But l don't want this to end.
UNK: No, l don't want it to end either.
UNK: l can't believe this is gonna end.
UNK: l guess l'll have my stuff picked up.
UNK: Yeah. Okay.
UNK: Okay, so....
UNK: Goodbye.
UNK: -Take it easy, Mike. -Bye, Mike.
UNK: l'm so sorry, Pheebs.
Monica : We're all sorry.
UNK: Look on the bright side. At least you won't have to live with this ugly chair.
Chandler : That was here already, huh?
UNK: l love you.
UNK: l did it! l did it!
UNK: All right.
UNK: l'd better take all l can carry.
UNK: Who knows when l'll be able to get in here again, huh?