Natalie : Wait, that's Wally?
Beckett : So you do know him.
Natalie : Yeah, but he told me his name was Joe. Joe Meyers.
Castle : And what exactly was your relationship with Joe?
Natalie : He hired me to teach him to use theatrical makeup.
Beckett : Why would he need to use theatrical makeup?
Natalie : For a research project he was doing.
Natalie : He wanted me to teach him how to completely change his appearance.
Castle : To what?
UNK: Um, he said he was studying society's reaction to aging,
Natalie : and wanted my help to transform him
UNK: into a 70-year-old man.
Esposito : Missing time, makeup. None of this makes any sense.
Esposito : What's the CEO of a toy company doing
Esposito : secretly dressing up as an old man?
Castle : I don't know, but Natalie said
Castle : she only taught Wally how to apply
Castle : the makeup to his hands and face.
Ryan : The same parts of the body the killer scrubbed.
Ryan : He was trying to remove the makeup. Right.
Castle : So Wally's murder is connected to his secret identity somehow.
Beckett : You know that receipt that was in Wally's pocket,
Beckett : the one from the Brooklyn coffeehouse?
UNK: Did teams canvass it?
Brooke : This morning. But they got no hits.
Castle : You know what? Have them canvass it again.
UNK: We may have been looking for the wrong man.
UNK: Alexis. What are you doing here?
Alexis : Dad, this is Mike and Lauren Adams.
Alexis : They have something you need to see.
UNK: Mike Adams : About six weeks ago, we were on our honeymoon.
UNK: Mike Adams : We just started going through the photos the last couple of days.
UNK: Laura Adams : Mike took pictures of me everywhere we went.
UNK: Laura Adams : Last night, we noticed this.
Mike : Here. Uh, in the background.
Brooke : Mr. Castle, I think that's you.
Castle : That is me. Who am I talking to?
Beckett : Castle, that's the guy from the trailer on the Massachusetts coast.
Beckett : The one that lied about you and then disappeared.
Castle : Where was this photo taken?
UNK: Montreal.
UNK: Montreal.
Castle : What the hell was I doing in Montreal?
Alexis : So, according to the JPEG's geotag,
Alexis : the photo was taken here,
UNK: and this is the building you were coming out of.
Beckett : Montreal Global Bank.
Castle : What was I doing at a bank?
Alexis : Dad, the key!
Alexis : The one sewn into your pants when they found you.
Alexis : What if
Alexis : the bank is where it came from?
Castle : A safe deposit box.
Alexis : It's the right size.
Castle : We need to get up there. This is the break we've been waiting for.
Beckett : Okay, fine. We'll go this weekend.
Castle : We can't wait for the weekend, we gotta go now.
Beckett : I'm in the middle of a case.
Castle : Fine! I'll go. Montreal's a short flight.
Castle : I'll be there and back in a couple of hours.
Beckett : No! Not after everything we've been through.
Beckett : You're not going alone.
Alexis : She's right, Dad. You can't go by yourself.
Alexis : I'll go with you!
Castle : Yes. Yes! She'll go with me.
Beckett : We have no idea what's out there.
Beckett : No idea who's out there. That's too risky.
Castle : It's Canada. How risky could it be?
Castle : And need I remind you, I'm a grown man.
Castle : I don't need to ask your permission.
Castle : That being said, please, please, please, can I go?
Beckett : Okay, fine. But only because I know
UNK: you're not gonna do anything stupid if she's with you.
Beckett : Don't let him do anything stupid. Promise.