Castle : Grab your passport, I'll get the tickets.
Ryan : - Beckett. - Hey.
UNK: So uniforms re-canvassed at that coffee shop
UNK: using the geezer photo.
Esposito : They got a hit.
Esposito : A patron identified Old Man Wally as a tenant in a nearby building.
Beckett : Okay, I'll be right there.
Esposito : Now we know what Wally's keys were to.
Beckett : How long has he had this place?
Esposito : Super said he rented it three weeks ago. Paid cash.
Esposito : At least the old man version of him did.
Beckett : Yeah, this is obviously where he came to change.
Ryan : Yeah. But to do what?
Beckett : Have CSU sweep the room.
Beckett : Let's talk to neighbors, see if they saw anything.
Alexis : That's it, the building in the photo.
Alexis : Any of it look familiar?
UNK: No.
Alexis : You really think the answer's inside?
Castle : Only one way to find out.
Alexis : Dad, where are you going?
Castle : To open box number 38.
Alexis : You can't just walk into a safe deposit room.
Alexis : You need account info, signature cards.
Alexis : We don't even know if that key came from here.
Castle : I have a plan.
UNK: Dad.
Castle : Hi there. I'm wondering if you could help me.
Castle : I'd like to rent a safe deposit box.
Beckett : So the neighbor doesn't remember any visitors
Beckett : and she never saw Young Wally,
Beckett : but Old Wally was paying her to walk and feed the dog.
Esposito : Another apartment, another dog, dressing up like this.
Esposito : What was this guy doing? I don't know.
Beckett : But whatever it was, it got him killed.
Beckett : Why don't you take him to the vet?
Beckett : Maybe he's got a microchip that'll tell us where he came from.
Esposito : Right on. Hey, Beckett.
Ryan : Looks like our old man was fond of Chinese food.
Ryan : This is from a restaurant half a dozen subway stops away.
Beckett : That's a long way to go for take-out. Yeah.
Ryan : So I called over there.
Ryan : Turns out, Old Man Wally was a regular the last several weeks,
Ryan : stopping by late every other night, always paying cash.
UNK: So wherever he was going, it was near that restaurant.
UNK: Bank Manager : Here you go, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Bank Manager : Box 115. Thank you.
Castle : And may I ask you something?
Castle : Do I look familiar to you?
UNK: Bank Manager : No, I don't believe so. Have we met?
Castle : I guess not. My mistake.
Castle : Is it possible to access this box today?
UNK: Of course. George,
UNK: Bank Manager : would you please take Mr. Castle
UNK: back to the safe deposit vault?
Guard : Follow me, sir.
Guard : Which box, sir?
UNK: 38.
Alexis : If it's not the right key, we'll get caught.
UNK: Sir? Ah.
Castle : Here we are.
UNK: Well... Ooh.
Guard : Is there a problem? No!
Castle : No problem. Just a little sticky.