Castle : Can't imagine how freaky it must be
Esposito : getting a message like that from myself
UNK: and not remembering recording it.
Ryan : How's he doing with it all?
Beckett : He needs answers. We both do.
Castle : How long do you think this is gonna take?
Tory : Hell if I know. I'm not even sure it's going to work.
Tory : This is Ellis.
Tory : I'm on it.
UNK: All right, let's see if Castle was right.
Ryan : Easy, boy, easy!
Esposito : He's really going crazy.
Ryan : Come on, boy.
UNK: Whoa!
Lanie : Come on!
Mac : Hey! What the hell's going on here?
UNK: Where do these boxes come from?
Mac : Our manufacturer in China.
Beckett : Check inside.
UNK: Drugs.
Beckett : Who's in charge of this shipment?
UNK: Macalvoy!
Mac : Please, no! I swear, I didn't kill him!
UNK: Yeah? Then who did?
UNK: I'm sorry, Miss Stoller. They insisted.
Marsha : That's fine, Matt. We were just going over the company's finances
Marsha : with Mrs. Williger.
Samantha : Has there been any progress in the investigation?
Beckett : Yes, there has.
Beckett : We know why your husband was killed, and it started with your dog.
Samantha : My dog? Annie?
Beckett : Yeah. A month ago, your husband went to the company
Beckett : warehouse in Brooklyn.
Beckett : We believe that while he was there
Beckett : he picked up a Sunshine Sarah doll
Beckett : to use as a chew toy for Annie.
Samantha : Yes. She loved those dolls.
Ryan : Except this one killed her.
Marsha : What are you talking about?
Beckett : There were drugs inside of it.
Marsha : That's impossible.
Esposito : That's most likely what Wally thought.
Esposito : And why he started wearing disguises,
Esposito : leaving early and coming home late.
Beckett : He went back to the warehouse, day after day,
Beckett : trying to figure out what had happened.
Beckett : Until he got too close and they had him killed.
Samantha : Who had him killed?
UNK: The drug ring running out of your warehouse.
Beckett : They were smuggling heroin into the country from China
Beckett : inside of those dolls.
UNK: Miss Stoller, we talked to your foreman.
Esposito : He told us how the night shift would remove the drugs from the dolls
Esposito : before returning them to the inventory.
Marsha : There's no way our warehouse employees could pull that off.
Marsha : All of those shipments are coordinated from here.
Beckett : Yes, from this office.
Beckett : Which means whoever was in charge of it