UNK: So when you say "ship," you mean
UNK: "spaceship?"
Man : We'll be defenseless when the invasion comes.
Man : We have to find a way to warn people.
Man : You can tell people. You were on TV.
Castle : I'll warn them. I'll...
Castle : Tell me again, how did you get my phone number?
Man : I work for the phone company.
Castle : Of course you do.
Beckett : So, what happened?
Castle : I really don't wanna talk about it.
UNK: Would you knock it off?
Esposito : Come help me search?
UNK: Sorry.
Ryan : I don't know how my parents did it.
Esposito : Did what?
UNK: Raised me, all my sisters, put food on the table,
Ryan : and still managed to get me piano lessons.
Ryan : With Jenny not working and all the baby expenses,
Ryan : I'm barely making ends meet.
UNK: Probably gonna have to get a second job.
Esposito : Looks like they're hiring security guards down at their warehouse.
UNK: A rent-a-cop uniform would look good on you.
Ryan : Find any dark secrets in our victim's desk?
UNK: Nah, this guy's a saint.
UNK: He gives to charity, his employees love him.
Esposito : As far as I can tell, there's no indication of any dirty little secret...
Esposito : There's something in this drawer.
UNK: What?
UNK: The keys. Brand-new. They aren't to his work or house.
UNK: The phone, pay-as-you-go, purchased a month ago using cash.
Beckett : Any calls on it? A bunch.
Esposito : All made during that unaccounted time,
UNK: and all made to the same number.
Esposito : A Natalie Mendoza, 28.
Castle : What's her relation to Williger?
Esposito : We're still running background.
Ryan : I may have a guess.
Ryan : Wally's wife said that his behavior changed after their dog died.
Ryan : I checked with the vet. Turns out,
Ryan : there's a whole lot more to that story.
Ryan : Now, Wally asked the vet to keep it out
Ryan : of the report so as not to upset his wife,
Ryan : but the dog didn't just die. She was poisoned.
UNK: Poisoned? Yes.
Ryan : The vet wanted to run a test to find out what the toxin was,
Ryan : but for some reason, Wally adamantly refused.
Ryan : Vet said he seemed pretty shaken up about it.
Castle : Well, now it makes perfect sense.
Castle : A secret phone, keys to Mendoza's love nest,
Castle : lying to his wife. This is Fatal Attraction.
Castle : Wally was having an affair,
UNK: and when he tried to end it, Natalie went all Glenn Close on him,
UNK: poisoning his poor dog to send a message.
UNK: It would explain why Wally started missing work.
UNK: To spend time with his mistress.
Castle : But in the end, it wasn't enough.
UNK: Miss Mendoza. NYPD.
UNK: Miss Mendoza?
UNK: Unlocked.
UNK: Hello? Miss Mendoza?
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Blood.
Beckett : Looks like her throat's been slit.
Beckett : You're a makeup artist?
UNK: Natalie Mendoza : Mostly for low-budget horror.
UNK: Natalie Mendoza : I spent all morning testing out this new look,
UNK: and then went to take a nap.
Castle : Can I just say, the new look, very effective.
UNK: Miss Mendoza, what was your relationship with Wally Williger?
Brooke : - Who? - Wally Williger.
Castle : He's the CEO of Williger Toys.
Castle : I'm sorry, I don't know who that is.
UNK: Natalie, please don't lie to us.
Beckett : We've got evidence of several dozens of phone calls
Beckett : between the two of you over the past month.
Natalie : I'm not lying.
Castle : The more you deny it, the guiltier you look.
Natalie : The guiltier I look for what? Look, I told you, I don't know him.
Beckett : Then why was he calling you?