Castle : as to where I was and exactly what I was doing
Castle : during the two months I was missing.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - That wasn't an interview. - That was an ambush.
UNK: Kate Beckett : And what were you thinking, offering a quarter-million dollar reward?
Castle : Genius, right? I don't know why I didn't think of it sooner.
Beckett : Well, maybe because you knew it was gonna lure
Beckett : crackpots and opportunists.
Beckett : And instead of going after real leads,
UNK: we're gonna be chasing thousands of half-baked tipsters
Beckett : playing the Richard Castle lottery.
Castle : What real leads?
Castle : So far, we've had nothing but dead ends.
Castle : And I'm tired of not knowing.
UNK: Now, to find a needle in a haystack,
Castle : do we not first need a haystack?
Beckett : Yeah, but not a haystack full of nutjobs.
Castle : You saw that interview. No one believes me.
Castle : But somewhere out there,
Castle : someone knows where I was and what I was doing.
Beckett : You ready for this?
Castle : A mystery I might be able to solve? It'll be a relief.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, Castle. Welcome back.
Brooke : Thank you. I hear the East River's
Castle : a little more polluted than usual today.
Ryan : Yeah. A crew team, they found the body
Ryan : in the river wrapped in plastic.
Ryan : Someone probably dumped it, hoping to make it disappear.
Beckett : They didn't weigh it down enough. So, who's the victim?
Ryan : Well, he didn't have an ID on him,
Ryan : but we matched it to a Missing Persons.
Ryan : Wallace Williger, 45, owner and CEO of Williger Toys.
UNK: Makers of Sunshine Sarah.
Beckett : Sunshine Sarah?
Castle : She's a spunky red-headed rag doll.
UNK: Alexis' favorite when she was growing up.
Castle : Wouldn't go anywhere without her. When did he go missing?
Ryan : Last Friday. So, four days ago.
Ryan : His wife Samantha said he went off to the movies and never came back.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Something I should know?
UNK: Beckett didn't tell you?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, your disappearance kind of drove 'em back together.
Ryan : Life being short and all that.
Castle : Disappear for two months...
UNK: Lanie Parish : So, the prelim exam indicates his neck was broken.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Probably after a struggle, given his defensive wound.
Lanie : Luckily, his body was wrapped when it went into the water.
Lanie : I may still be able to pull the attacker's DNA from under the victim's nails.
UNK: Wait. How long has he been dead?
Lanie : At least a couple of days.
Castle : What happened to his face and hands?
Castle : They look like they've been burned.
Lanie : Honestly, I don't know.
Lanie : But the rest of the body wasn't affected.
Lanie : I'll know more when I get him back to the lab.
UNK: Samantha Williger : I had that sick feeling when he didn't come home.
UNK: But you hope.
Beckett : Mrs. Williger.
Beckett : Was there anyone that would've wanted
UNK: to do your husband harm? No.
Samantha : He made toys for a living.
Samantha : He was a decent man.
UNK: But... But what?
Samantha : These last few weeks, he had been having a hard time.
Samantha : Ever since Annie died.
UNK: I'm sorry, um, who's Annie?
Samantha : Our Labrador retriever.
Samantha : After she died,
Samantha : Wally started working late, coming home after I was asleep.
Samantha : Like he was avoiding me.
Castle : Did you talk to him about it?
Samantha : I tried.
Samantha : He said everything was fine.
Samantha : He was just working on an important project.
Beckett : And what about the day that he disappeared?
Beckett : Did he say anything that would indicate he was in trouble?
Samantha : No. He was happy.
Samantha : He told me he loved me. Said things would be better soon.
Castle : You know, seeing her, I can't imagine what it was like for you.
Castle : All those nights, not knowing.
Beckett : I was lucky. You came back.
Esposito : Hey. So we took a look at Williger's phone and financials.
UNK: There was no activity on the day he disappeared.
Ryan : If he was on his way to the movies,
Ryan : either he didn't make it there or he paid with cash.
Beckett : Canvass local theaters, see if anyone saw him.
Beckett : And take a look at his records for the past couple of weeks,
Beckett : see if there's anything out of the ordinary there.
Beckett : Castle and I are gonna go to his office
Beckett : and check if there were any problems at work.
Esposito : Right on.
Brooke : Mr. Castle!
Gates : Just what in the hell do you think you're doing?
Beckett : Did you give that TV station the precinct number?
UNK: I'm not gonna give them my home phone. That's private.
Gates : The NYPD is not your personal secretary.