UNK: Do you know how many man-hours this little stunt of yours is costing us?
Gates : The phones have been ringing off the hook!
UNK: Do you hear that? Ringing off the hook!
Castle : We have leads.
Gates : What just happened?
UNK: Castle, what were you thinking?
UNK: "The supreme art of war is to subdue
UNK: "the enemy without fighting." Sun Tzu.
Castle : The tactical smooch is just one weapon in my vast arsenal.
Beckett : Well, employ it again and the enemy might go nuclear.
Castle : Okay, but somewhere in this pile is the answer to where I was.
Castle : I can feel it.
Beckett : Look, Castle, I know how important this is to us,
Beckett : but you have to realize this is a long shot.
Beckett : And I don't want you to be disappointed if it doesn't pan out.
UNK: Toys!
UNK: Marsha Stoller : Wally built this place from the ground up.
UNK: Marsha Stoller : Seems impossible that he's gone.
UNK: Miss Stoller, was everything okay here at work?
Beckett : Did he have any conflicts with colleagues or business rivals?
Marsha : Not that I'm aware of, and as VP
Marsha : of the company, I'm sure I'd know.
Beckett : I understand that he was under pressure
Beckett : the past couple of weeks.
Beckett : That he was coming home late.
Marsha : Who told you that? His wife.
Marsha : I'm sorry, but that's not true.
Marsha : I mean, he may have been under pressure,
Marsha : but it certainly wasn't here at work.
Beckett : So he wasn't staying late?
Marsha : No, just the opposite.
Marsha : He was leaving early several days a week.
Castle : I did not realize this would be on. Sorry.
Beckett : Do you know why he was leaving early?
Marsha : No, he said he was taking care of some personal things.
Marsha : It sounded private, so I didn't ask.
Marsha : But maybe he told his assistant.
UNK: Matt?
Marsha : Did Mr. Williger ever mention to you why he was leaving early?
UNK: Matt Monroe : No. He was actually pretty secretive about the whole thing.
Castle : You leave these loaded?
Esposito : So I checked with the vic's wife.
UNK: The days that Mr. Williger claimed he was working late
Esposito : are the exact same days he was leaving work early.
UNK: That leaves about 10 to 12 hours over at least a dozen days
Beckett : that he's unaccounted for.
Beckett : What was he doing?
Ryan : I just went back through his phones
Esposito : and financials, and they are clean.
Ryan : In fact, they're too clean.
Ryan : From the time he left work on those days till the time he got home,
Ryan : there's no activity at all.
Ryan : No calls or purchases of any kind.
Ryan : Not even subway or cab charges.
Beckett : So whatever he was doing,
Beckett : he wanted to keep it a secret from everyone. Why?
Ryan : What we could use right now is a crazy Castle theory.
Esposito : Where is Castle anyway?
UNK: He needed a time-out, so I sent him home to check his leads.
UNK: - Hey, sexy! - Hey, sexy! Hey, sexy!
UNK: Lanie must have changed my ringtone.
UNK: Hola, preciosa. What's up?
Lanie : Something weird.
Lanie : You know that discoloration on the victim's hands and face?
Lanie : It was caused by an industrial cleaner.
Lanie : It looks like someone scrubbed his skin with it, but after he was already dead.
Beckett : Wait, Lanie, if the killer was trying to get rid of evidence,
Beckett : why would he only scrub the hands and face?
Lanie : Don't know, but the cleaner wasn't bleach-based,
Lanie : so I still may be able to pull DNA from under the fingernails.
Lanie : I also found a receipt in the victim's pocket.
Lanie : It's from a coffee shop in Brooklyn, dated the day he disappeared.
Ryan : Williger lived in Manhattan and his office was in Midtown.
Beckett : What was he doing out in Brooklyn?