Beckett : Why don't you guys canvass the coffee shop
UNK: for anyone that saw Williger?
Beckett : I'll get a search warrant for his office
Beckett : and house first thing in the morning.
Ryan : All right.
Lanie : Come on, Kate, it's his first case back after two months.
Lanie : You didn't expect everything to be back to normal right away.
Beckett : No, Lane, it's just...
Beckett : It's just I want it to be "us" again,
Beckett : and it's like there's this shadow between us.
UNK: Look, I'm choosing to trust him,
Beckett : in spite of all of the evidence.
Castle : I just... I wanna believe that...
Lanie : But you don't know if you can.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And he's acting like everything is fine.
Beckett : We both are, but it's not.
Lanie : Maybe this reward he's offering is a good thing.
Lanie : Maybe it'll lead to the truth.
UNK: Alexis Castle : No, I don't want to know what you're wearing.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Now, do you have any information about Richard Castle or not?
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : So how goes the haystack?
UNK: Uh, apparently, you were right.
Beckett : - Nutjobs? - No.
Alexis : Not all of them. Some are lonely women,
Alexis : hoping for a call from the famous author Richard Castle.
UNK: A-ha! That will be my date.
Castle : Ooh, you have a date?
UNK: Uh-huh. Robert. We met at the grief counseling group
Martha : when you were presumed...
Castle : You picked up a man at grief counseling?
Martha : Yes, now I will thank you to go into the other room.
UNK: Why? Because, at the moment,
Martha : our relationship is based on mutual loss.
Martha : And if he finds out that you have returned and are alive, it will just...
Martha : It will ruin everything.
Castle : Mother, you realize I was on television this morning.
Martha : Luckily, Robert is a cultured man, he does not watch television.
UNK: The only newspaper he reads is The Wall Street Journal,
Martha : which, thankfully, did not carry news of your return.
Martha : So, go. Go, go, go. Yeah.
Beckett : Castle, I'm sure she means well.
Castle : No, it's not that. It's just...
Castle : I really thought someone out there could help.
Beckett : We'll figure this out, Castle. Together.
UNK: Excuse me. Hello?
Man : Mr. Castle, I understand you're looking for answers.
Castle : Who is this? How did you get this number?
Man : Because I know things,
Man : including what happened to you.
UNK: Are you ready to hear the truth?
Beckett : I don't like this. I should go with you.
Samantha : He said I had to come alone.
Beckett : Yeah, but you don't even know who he is.
Castle : He sounded like a spy.
Beckett : Do you think this has something to do with your father?
UNK: Does seem like his style.
Castle : It's time.
Man : Walk with me.
Castle : Who are you?