Guard : Are you sure you have the right box?
UNK: Positive.
Guard : I'll just check with the manager.
UNK: Wait, wait. Let's try one more time.
Castle : Just a little...
Castle : There we go. It was just a little sticky.
UNK: What do you think is inside? I don't know.
UNK: But someone went to a lot of trouble to make sure I had a key.
Beckett : You ready?
Alexis : Dad, that's your handwriting.
UNK: Yeah, I don't remember writing those.
Alexis : They're letters addressed to Beckett, Gram and me.
Alexis : A memory card?
Ryan : All right.
UNK: There's the restaurant.
Ryan : I'll start a canvass.
UNK: We'll see if anyone else around here knows what the hell
Ryan : our victim was doing in the area.
Beckett : Don't bother.
Beckett : I think I know where he was coming from.
Castle : Excuse me. Can I help you?
UNK: Yes. I'm Detective Beckett, this is Detective Ryan.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Mac : Yeah, that's Joe.
Ryan : Exactly how do you know him?
Mac : He's a janitor here. I hired him part-time two weeks ago.
Worker : Hey, Mac? Yeah.
Mac : Excuse me one second.
Beckett : Ryan, that's why he made himself up.
Beckett : He didn't want his employees to recognize him.
Ryan : What's the CEO of a company doing working as a janitor
Ryan : in his own warehouse?
Beckett : It's Undercover Boss.
Beckett : But what was he going undercover for?
Mac : He was a quiet guy. Kept to himself mostly.
UNK: I never would've guessed he was the CEO.
Beckett : Was he working here last Friday?
Mac : Yeah. In fact, he came in for his shift at 4 : 00, he left at 11 : 00,
Mac : and then on Monday he didn't show.
Ryan : Did anything unusual happen that day?
Mac : I don't think so.
UNK: Well, were there any problems here?
Beckett : Any reason that Mr. Williger would want to go undercover?
Mac : No. He and his team came in last month
Mac : for their quarterly inspection,
Mac : and we got a glowing report.
Ryan : Well, how about when he was here as a janitor?
Ryan : Did he do or say anything out of the ordinary?
Worker : There was that thing last week.
UNK: Uh, what thing?
Mac : One of the guards caught him in the back office after-hours
Mac : rifling through some paperwork.
Beckett : What kind of paperwork?
Mac : Manifests mostly, tracking shipments from our factories.
Mac : The guard admonished him, he apologized, everybody moved on.
Beckett : Well, we need to see those manifests.
Beckett : I talked to his wife, his colleagues.
Beckett : If any of them know what Wally was doing around his warehouse,
Beckett : they're not admitting to it.
Beckett : How about you? What'd you find?
Ryan : Aside from our country outsourcing
Ryan : all its manufacturing needs to Asia,
Ryan : everything seems to be in order.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down, slow down.
Beckett : How'd it go? Struck out.
Esposito : Rover here didn't have a microchip,
Esposito : so we still don't know where he came from.
Esposito : But the vet said he's in perfect health.
Ryan : You know what I don't get? Why did he have a dog?
Ryan : I mean, was it part of his cover?
UNK: Or did it have something to do with his own dog's death?
Ryan : All right, we're missing something.
Beckett : Something that makes all of this make sense.
Beckett : Ryan, can you look into security and street camera footage
Beckett : around Wally's warehouse the night that he disappeared?
Beckett : I want to find out where he went.
Ryan : Right. Come on, boy.
UNK: Kate!
UNK: Castle?
Alexis : A memory card?
Castle : Yeah, there were three of them, in three separate envelopes.
Castle : One for Alexis, one for my mother, and one for you.
Beckett : What's on it?
UNK: Watch.