UNK: Kate, if you're seeing this...
UNK: Well, if you're seeing this, I'm probably dead.
UNK: I want you to know I never intended to leave you.
Beckett : Not like this, not on our wedding day.
UNK: But I... It wasn't my choice.
UNK: I wish I could tell you what's going on.
UNK: I wish I could explain.
UNK: But just know that I love you.
UNK: I've always loved you.
UNK: Always.
Castle : The ones to Alexis and my mother were pretty much the same.
Castle : Kate, what did I do?
Castle : I don't know.
Castle : I don't.
Beckett : But maybe there's a way we can find out.
UNK: Tory Ellis : There's no metadata on the file. And it wasn't geotagged.
Beckett : Is there any other way to find out where this was taken?
Castle : Maybe there's something in the room. Or something in the audio.
UNK: The recording's low-quality, so there's not much to go on,
Tory : but I'll see what I can dig up.
Castle : It's weird.
Castle : Before I saw that, all I wanted to know
Castle : was where I was and what I was doing.
Castle : Now, I'm not so sure.
UNK: Any news on your undercover boss?
Beckett : Every answer just leads to more questions.
Beckett : I have no idea what he was doing at that warehouse,
Beckett : or what this guy was doing with him.
Beckett : Actually, I was kind of hoping
UNK: that you might be able to help me with a crazy theory.
Castle : Sorry. I'm fresh out. How about a kiss?
Beckett : Even better.
Castle : He was a nun in a previous life?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Detective, what do you have in your pocket?
Detective : Evidence from a bust.
UNK: The girl was dealing.
Beckett : So he's not just a dog. He's a trained drug dog.
Castle : I think I have a crazy theory for you.
Esposito : That's what you think Wally was up to?
UNK: Well, that is the craziest story I've ever heard.
Castle : I admit, it's crazy. But it's the only story that matches all the facts.
Beckett : Castle's right.
Ryan : Even if he is, it's still just a story. We don't have any proof.
Beckett : I think I know how we can find some.
Beckett : Castle, you coming with me?
Castle : Uh, if you don't mind, I'd like to stay here for a while.
Beckett : Okay. I'll be back soon.
Beckett : Come on, guys.
Castle : Any luck?
UNK: I know this much. You were in a city.
Castle : How can you tell?
Tory : Out the window.
Castle : It's completely white.
Tory : Not completely.
Castle : Skyscrapers. So do you know where this is?
Tory : No. But this view out the window,
Tory : the configuration of buildings ought to be unique.
Castle : So you can find it?
UNK: Theoretically.
Tory : But comparing this data set to global Three-D mapping would take forever,
Tory : and more computing power than I have.
Castle : What if we narrowed it to just one city?
UNK: Montreal. Could you do it then?
Castle : I don't know. Best I can do is try.