UNK: had to have had access to Mr. Williger's files.
UNK: Where you going, bro?
Matt : Oh, I'm, uh... I just...
Ryan : You'll never make it. Matt?
Ryan : Matt Monroe.
Ryan : Before he joined the company, he was living over in Asia.
Ryan : In fact, that's one of the reasons Williger hired you.
Ryan : Your familiarity with local cultures.
Castle : I guess Mr. Williger wasn't aware
Beckett : that familiarity extended to their heroin trade.
Beckett : The foreman said you were behind the whole operation.
Matt : - He's lying. - Really?
Esposito : 'Cause he said that he called you,
Esposito : told you he was suspicious
Esposito : about the new janitor who'd been poking around.
Esposito : You said you'd take care of it.
Beckett : That was the same night that Mr. Williger disappeared.
Ryan : Must have been quite a surprise when you realized
Ryan : the old man was your boss.
Matt : I had nothing to do with this.
UNK: We double-checked street cams.
Ryan : This is your car three blocks from the warehouse,
Ryan : just after Wally ended his shift.
Beckett : And I bet the DNA samples that we collect
UNK: are gonna confirm what we already know.
Ryan : Matt Monroe, you're under arrest
Esposito : for the murder of Wally Williger.
Marsha : Detective, if Wally knew something was wrong,
Marsha : why did he hide it from everyone?
Beckett : He didn't know who he could trust,
Beckett : and he couldn't go to the authorities because...
Samantha : Because our company name would become synonymous
Samantha : with drug smuggling.
UNK: Beckett. Hey, it's Tory.
Tory : Is Castle with you?
Beckett : No, why?
Tory : I think he might be in Montreal.
UNK: Henry Jenkins : You weren't supposed to come back.
UNK: Ever.
Castle : It's you.
Jenkins : What do you remember?
UNK: Nothing.
Jenkins : That's good.
Castle : I know you're involved. I know you know what happened to me.
Castle : Who are you?
Jenkins : You can't be doing this.
Jenkins : Asking questions, offering rewards. It's too dangerous.
Castle : Then tell me what happened.
Jenkins : You're not listening, Mr. Castle. You need to stop.
Beckett : Or what?
Jenkins : Or you're going to find out the truth.
Jenkins : And you said you didn't want to remember.
Jenkins : We went to great lengths to make sure that you didn't.
Jenkins : But if you keep looking...
Castle : There's no way in hell I asked for this.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Jenkins : But you did.
Castle : I don't believe you.
Jenkins : Hollander's Woods, Mr. Castle.
Jenkins : That February day when you were 11 years old.
UNK: No.
Jenkins : What happened to you there.
Jenkins : The real reason you became a mystery writer.
Castle : How did you...
Castle : I never told anyone about that.
Jenkins : No. Not Beckett, not your family.
Jenkins : But you told me.
Esposito : Three weeks ago.
Jenkins : So that if this ever happened, you'd have proof.
Jenkins : You'd know that you were the one who asked to forget.
Castle : I asked for this?
Jenkins : Some mysteries aren't meant to be solved.
Jenkins : It's over now.
Jenkins : Go home.
Jenkins : Live your life.
Jenkins : Forget this ever happened.
Jenkins : It's what you wanted.
Alexis : How could you go up there on your own and not even tell us?
Castle : Because I knew you would try and stop me,
Castle : and I needed to know. But...
Castle : But now...
Castle : What could I have done
Castle : that was so bad that I asked them to make me forget?
Alexis : Maybe you didn't do anything.
Alexis : Maybe you found out something terrible,
UNK: or witnessed something you didn't want to have to live with.
Martha : Or maybe the past two months is like Pandora's box
Martha : and shouldn't be opened.
Castle : What I did to them,
Marsha : to you,
Castle : how am I supposed to just let that go?
Castle : I don't know.
Beckett : I tried with my mom's murder.
Beckett : I buried it until you came along.
Castle : You think it's possible?
Castle : To live with it without ever knowing?
Beckett : Oh, Castle.
Beckett : This is completely different.
Beckett : Whatever happened to you,
Beckett : you already knew the truth,
UNK: and you decided that you didn't want to remember it anymore.
Beckett : And as much as we wanted to know what the answer is,
Beckett : if you decided that, then there had to have been a reason.
Castle : Maybe that's why I asked them to make me forget.
Castle : So I could come home to you.
Castle : You know what?
UNK: What?
Castle : We should get married.
Castle : Tomorrow, first thing.
Castle : Put all this behind us. What do you say?
UNK: Babe,
Beckett : there is nothing that I want more
Beckett : than to marry you, but not like this.
Castle : You're not ready?
Beckett : No. We're both not ready.
Beckett : We're looking for solid ground,
UNK: and you think getting married is gonna fix
Beckett : the way you feel, and it won't.
Beckett : Look, I love you,
Beckett : and I'm here for you.
Beckett : But we need to get some distance from all of this.
Castle : We need to get back to our own lives.
Beckett : Find solid ground together.
UNK: And I promise you, I'm not going anywhere.
Beckett : We've waited this long, so let's just make it right.
Beckett : How long?
Esposito : A month?
Beckett : No expectations, no pressure.
Beckett : Just us. And then we'll talk about it then.
Esposito : A month.
Castle : It's a date.