UNK: Hey.
UNK: Are those hickeys?
Castle : - Yes. - No.
Castle : I wish.
Ryan : Okay. So Tech just went through your vehicle.
Ryan : Turns out you were hit with an EMP, an Electromagnetic Pulse,
Ryan : which knocked out all the electronics.
Ryan : And here's how they found you in the first place.
Beckett : Tracers, listening devices.
UNK: They must've been watching the Science Center.
Beckett : That's when they put these accessories in my car.
Castle : Maybe that's what was up Marie's nose.
Castle : Perhaps they were tracking her, too.
UNK: No. It wasn't a tracer or an implant.
UNK: Lanie identified it as Aspergillus,
Esposito : it's a rare calcification resulting from a sinus infection.
Esposito : The calcification is so dense, it reads like metal.
Beckett : There you go. Logical explanation.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I'd disguise my tracking implants as a rare medical condition...
UNK: The bottom line is that these guys were desperate
Beckett : to get whatever Marie took. So we gotta find it first
Beckett : because that'll lead us to the killer.
UNK: Yeah, but we don't really know what we're looking for.
Beckett : But we do know that they don't have it.
UNK: Which means it wasn't at Marie's office.
Ryan : She maybe hid it somewhere.
Esposito : Maybe with someone she trusted.
Esposito : Somebody under the radar.
Beckett : Ted Carter said that Marie gave him some of his stuff back
Beckett : last Wednesday night.
Castle : Maybe that's not all she gave him.
Ted : I don't understand. It's just books and t-shirts, mostly.
Ryan : Mr. Carter, did you notice anything different
Beckett : in the things that she gave you?
Beckett : Anything that wasn't there before?
Ted : No. It's all my stuff.
UNK: It's just t-shirts, a Jefferson Starship CD...
UNK: Ohhh! This CD got me through two weeks of Stormwatch writer's block.
Castle : I don't remember it being a two-disk set.
Beckett : This one's unmarked.
Castle : Marie's proof perhaps?
UNK: Wait.
Castle : That's it?
Castle : I mean, no pomp? No circumstance?
Castle : What's on this
Castle : could shake the very foundations of our existence.
Castle : We need to pause and savor.
Beckett : Please. Let's just stick it in and get this over with.
Beckett : I mean, the fact of the matter is
Beckett : there's probably nothing of any value on that CD to our...
Castle : You were saying?
Beckett : No way!
Castle : Behold this image, gentlemen and lady.
Castle : We are witness to a stunning event,
UNK: a turning point in human history.
UNK: The moment we knew we were not alone.
Castle : For who can deny that this
Castle : is an alien spacecraft?
Ryan : It does kind of look like one.
Esposito : Yeah, but this image?
Esposito : I mean, it's gotta be doctored. Right, Beckett?
Ryan : I don't know.
UNK: Whoa!
Ryan : What are you saying?
Ryan : Are you saying you think that this is real?
Beckett : Well, it doesn't look doctored.
Castle : Okay. Just for clarity, so we know later who said what.
Castle : You are conceding that it is a possibility
Castle : this is an alien spaceship?