Beckett : It is not an implant.
Beckett : Lanie says that it's a metal fragment.
Beckett : She's running tests on it right now.
Castle : How did it get up her nose?
UNK: Maybe it was a piece of the altitude chamber that got lodged up there.
Beckett : The altitude chamber we haven't found?
UNK: Yet.
Beckett : The altitude chamber that we haven't found yet.
UNK: And I am sure that as soon as we do
Beckett : it will lead us straight to our killer.
UNK: I notice you said "killer," and not Ted Carter.
Beckett : Yeah, Carter alibied out.
Beckett : He ordered pizza the night of Marie's murder,
UNK: and signed for it at 8 : 25.
UNK: Alibis in 30 minutes or less.
Castle : So at this point, we have no human suspect.
Beckett : By definition, no suspect means no human suspect.
Ryan : Well, one might be coming your way.
Ryan : I checked Marie's phone logs at work.
Ryan : Turns out, she made a 30-minute phone call,
Ryan : before she left the Science Center on Wednesday.
Beckett : To whom?
Ryan : Benny Stryker.
Castle : The Benny Stryker? This Benny Stryker?
Ryan : One and the same.
UNK: An astrophysicist and a uflogist? Isn't that like oil and water?
Ryan : Actually, they used to be colleagues.
Ryan : Three years ago, he and Marie were members of the same research team.
Ryan : But Marie was worried
Ryan : that all his UFO talk would destroy their credibility,
Ryan : so she had him kicked off the team.
Ryan : From what I hear, there's been bad blood ever since.
Beckett : Where can we find Stryker?
UNK: lmprisoned in a cold white room.
UNK: Benny Stryker : Strange faces staring down at us.
UNK: Benny Stryker : These are images that will haunt us,
UNK: Benny Stryker : but they'll also unite us.
UNK: Benny Stryker : And help us remember,
UNK: Benny Stryker : we didn't choose this.
UNK: Benny Stryker : We were chosen.
Stryker : One more time, we didn't choose this, we were chosen.
Castle : He's like the Tony Robbins of alien abductions.
Stryker : I see we have some new members.
Stryker : Maybe you'd like to introduce yourself,
Stryker : tell us your story?
UNK: Huh!
Stryker : Do you actually think I had something to do with Marie's death?
Beckett : Mr. Stryker, where were you on Thursday at 9 : 00 p. m?
UNK: At a book signing in Queens.
Beckett : But you did have recent contact with Marie.
Beckett : In fact, she called you on Wednesday. What was that about?
Stryker : You know, I could tell you but I see you wouldn't believe it.
Beckett : Whatever you say will receive a fair hearing.
Stryker : Well, that hasn't been my experience.
Stryker : Marie called me last week, in crisis.
UNK: She'd picked up anomalous
UNK: sub-microwave bursts on her radio telescope.
UNK: It was not just the background noises of the universe,
Stryker : it was a signal coming from somewhere nearby.
Stryker : With a repetitive pattern.
Castle : As in contact?
Stryker : Or, so she believed.
Stryker : So she booked more time on a radio telescope array
Stryker : and studied that section of the sky.
Stryker : Which is when the trouble started.
Beckett : What trouble?
Stryker : Lost time.
Stryker : Four hours on Sunday, just gone.
Stryker : Then she started having mental flashbacks.
Stryker : A white room, a blurry face questioning her.
Castle : Are we saying Marie was abducted by aliens?
UNK: The classic indicators were there.
Stryker : I just tried to help her make sense of it.
Beckett : After Marie called you on Wednesday,
Beckett : she left the Center, do you know where she went?
Stryker : She said she was going to get proof
Stryker : of what she knew was there.
Castle : Proof of aliens?
Castle : And did she?
Stryker : I never heard from her again.
UNK: I assume they stopped her before she got too close to the truth.
UNK: Who?
Stryker : The government.
Stryker : I warned her she was probably being followed,
Stryker : by men determined to keep the existence of aliens a secret.
Castle : It's like that Will Smith movie, only, I'm guessing, a lot less funny.
Stryker : These agents are real, Mr. Castle.
Stryker : They fear the revelation,
Stryker : that we are not alone would be too shocking.
Stryker : Hysteria would break out, nations would crumble.
Stryker : That's why they try to discredit believers like me,
Stryker : and eliminate people who threaten to expose the truth,
Stryker : people like Marie.
UNK: Bookstore confirmed that Stryker was signing his opus
UNK: between 7 : 00 and 10 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Looks like we are back to an empty space in the suspect column.
Castle : Yeah, but at least our timeline is making more sense.
Castle : This whole Sunday-ish area, the life-changing event,
Castle : that's when she was abducted.
Castle : Wednesday, she leaves work,
Castle : that's when she was looking for proof of alien life.
Castle : Thursday, she comes back to work feeling better,
Castle : until she leaves and winds up explosively decompressed.