Castle : - You know what would be a better story? - Hmm?
Beckett : We have an earth-bound solution to this mystery
Beckett : and you are disappointed. I get it.
Beckett : But that? Really?
UNK: Come on, Marie said she had a life-changing event.
UNK: What could be more life-changing than being beamed up by this guy?
UNK: Come on, Castle.
UNK: We all know that there is no such thing as alien abductions.
UNK: And yet, most abductees report the same experiences.
Castle : The white light, the memory flashes.
Beckett : That's because they all read the same books,
Beckett : so, of course they describe the same event.
Beckett : The dark, lonely road, the bright light out of nowhere,
Beckett : memories of being poked and prodded.
Castle : I believe the word you're looking for is "probed."
Castle : And then, of course, there's the alien implant
Castle : that's used to track the abductees.
Beckett : That reminds me of the Lego
Beckett : I got stuck up my nose when I was six.
UNK: What?
UNK: Guys.
Esposito : CSU finished going over the altitude chamber.
Esposito : - Nothing turned up. - What?
Beckett : I mean, that was the exact machine that we were looking for.
Beckett : Right in the building where Marie and her ex-boyfriend worked.
Beckett : That had to have been the murder weapon.
Esposito : No blood, no tissue. It's clean.
Beckett : That makes no sense, whatsoever.
Beckett : Check other altitude chambers.
Esposito : It's not like they grow on trees.
Beckett : Well, that can't be the only one around.
Beckett : And look for any other devices that cause the same injuries.
Esposito : I'll do my best.
UNK: If it is not an altitude chamber, then what could it be?
Beckett : Other than that.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Lanie, what you find?
Lanie : Not the answers I was looking for, instead, just more questions.
Castle : How deliciously cryptic.
Lanie : Because of the unique nature of Marie's injuries,
Lanie : I wanted to thoroughly document her condition
Lanie : before conducting the autopsy.
Lanie : While I was taking the X-rays,
UNK: I saw this embedded in her sinus cavity.
Martha : What is that?
Lanie : I have no idea.
Castle : Call me crazy,
UNK: but that looks just like an alien implant.
Castle : What could you possibly be looking for by probing up there?
Alexis : Can we talk about dinner?
Beckett : Oh, no.
Castle : You couldn't convince Gram to stay out of the kitchen?
Castle : I will stock up on antacids and garbage bags...
Alexis : No, it isn't that, it's Ashley's parents.
Castle : What about them?
Alexis : He's an economics professor.
Alexis : The two of them are serious people, Dad.
UNK: You may need to be more buttoned up.
Castle : I can be buttoned up.
Castle : And if I become unbuttoned,
UNK: you can discretely let me know with a brutal kick to the shin.
Alexis : I won't be there.
Alexis : They thought it would be better if it was with just you and Gram.
UNK: You're gonna leave me alone?
Alexis : You'll do great.
UNK: I just wanted to make sure that you'll make a good impression.
Beckett : Trust me,
Castle : so do I.
Castle : Where do you come down on deficit spending
UNK: during an economic downturn?
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: I take the theory that's held by most economists,
Beckett : that deficit spending is acceptable
Beckett : as long as it focuses on public investment,
Beckett : like infrastructure, defense, education, research.
Castle : Wow! Where did that answer come from?
UNK: A semester of Economic Theory at NYU.
UNK: Where did the question come from?
Castle : Trying out conversation starters.
Beckett : Well, we started a conversation, so I guess it worked.
Castle : Kind of.
Castle : It's for a dinner with Ashley's parents,
Castle : he's this stuffy economist, you know?
UNK: I just want to win them over, get them on my side.
Castle : What if they don't take to me?
UNK: Come on, Castle. They'll take to you.
UNK: - Really? Thanks. - Yeah.
Beckett : So long as you don't act like yourself.
Castle : Nice one.
Castle : So, where do we stand on this mysterious implant?