Beckett : Why would she need this one?
Joy : Marie usually worked with a radio telescope.
Joy : This is an optical telescope.
Castle : So she came here to get a visual on something?
Castle : Up there in space.
UNK: She said she'd picked up signal anomalies.
Joy : She wanted to see where they were coming from.
UNK: She took an image-capture, then she left.
UNK: Can we get a copy of that image?
Joy : I checked the telescope's hard drive.
Joy : She erased everything.
UNK: Coordinates, the image-capture. It's all gone.
Joy : She erased everything. What the hell did she see up there?
Esposito : Marie Subbarao, a sober-minded scientist,
Castle : believes she was abducted by aliens
Castle : after intercepting strange radio signals.
Castle : Using a telescope, she photographs the source of the signal.
Castle : The next day, dies mysteriously.
Castle : Then her office is raided by shadowy government agents.
UNK: I'm not asking you to dye your hair red and call me Mulder,
Castle : I would simply ask that you consider the possibility
Castle : that Marie had knowledge of or made contact with something up there,
Castle : that somehow led to her death.
Beckett : We will continue our investigation and solve this case
Beckett : and it will have nothing to do with little green men.
UNK: They're gray, actually.
Beckett : Castle, the truth, the real truth is out there.
Castle : Dead battery?
Beckett : Maintenance just replaced it.
Castle : My phone isn't working.
Beckett : Mine isn't either.
Castle : Neither is my watch.
Castle : You have a logical explanation for this, too, right?
UNK: Agent Eastfield : Marie Subbarao had information.
UNK: Agent Eastfield : Information we need.
Castle : Where's Beckett?
Beckett : Who are you?
Beckett : Where's Castle?
Beckett : I am an NYPD detective.
UNK: Agent Westfield : Where is it?
UNK: Where is what?
Westfield : We all know what Marie Subbarao was involved with, Detective.
Westfield : That information must not get out.
UNK: Well, we don't have it.
UNK: Agent Westfield : Where is it?
Castle : Is this the part where you bring out the old Nazi with the dentist drill?
Westman : If you don't cooperate, we'll find a way to get the truth.
UNK: We'll do whatever's it takes to protect our way of life.
Ryan : From what?
Beckett : A woman who thought that she was abducted by aliens?
Westman : You're out of your league, Detective.
Westman : You have no idea how deep this is.
Westman : Now where is it?
Beckett : Who are you? Identify yourself.
UNK: CIA?
UNK: NSA?
UNK: MIB?
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Shape-shifting aliens that only look human?
Beckett : Who killed Marie Subbarao?
Westfield : If you keep asking questions you shouldn't,
Westfield : you may end up like Marie.
Beckett : Who killed her?
UNK: No one you can ever reach.
Castle : What about JFK?
Castle : Was that the second shooter on the grassy knoll?
UNK: Third shooter? Backed by the mafia? Castro?
UNK: The Mafia and Castro?
Castle : Okay. Whatever you guys are looking for,
Castle : we don't know where it is.
UNK: No, dude, come on. Dude, don't.
UNK: No.
UNK: Are you okay?
UNK: Castle, did that really happen?
Castle : Do I have a...
Beckett : Oh, no.
UNK: 'Cause you got it.
Montgomery : This is outrageous!
Montgomery : An illegal detention of an NYPD detective?
Castle : Who says the government is unresponsive?
UNK: They're all over this alien cover-up.
Montgomery : Who are these men?
Beckett : Agents of some sort.
UNK: They probably are the ones who cleared out Marie's office.
Montgomery : Well, I'm glad you two are all right.
Montgomery : But no one snatches up my people and detains them.
Montgomery : I'll get into this.
Beckett : Those men knew who killed Marie and they refused to tell us.
Castle : They also refused to confirm
Castle : that J. Edgar Hoover liked to wear dresses.
Esposito : Abducted by government agents, huh?
UNK: Come on.
Esposito : What were you two really doing?
Beckett : It's not a hickey, Esposito.
Esposito : You both have one.
Castle : I wish it was a hickey.
Castle : It's from the injectors.
Esposito : Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Castle : They were Men in Black.
Beckett : Where are you with the vacuum packers?
UNK: So far, I've found over 100 machines in the five boroughs.
UNK: CSU is checking them as fast as they can.
Castle : And the cigarettes?
Esposito : No DNA match, but they are a Chinese brand.
Esposito : Only found in Asia or on the black market in Chinatown.
Castle : So maybe she was killed by an alien. Just an illegal alien.