Castle : No, we want to impress them.
Martha : And what is that supposed to mean?
UNK: So it's "meet the parents" time, huh, Castle?
UNK: Kate Beckett : This is a pretty critical moment for you.
Castle : Me? Why me?
Beckett : I mean, Ashley is Alexis' first love right?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : What do you think will happen if you don't get on with his parents?
Castle : She'll lose interest in him?
Beckett : Oh, no, the exact opposite.
Beckett : It'll make their romance feel forbidden
Beckett : and they'll be off doing God-knows-what.
Beckett : Trust me,
Beckett : I know.
Castle : I never thought of it that way.
Beckett : My advice is keep the boyfriend close,
Beckett : but the parents closer.
Beckett : Hey, guys.
UNK: What have we got?
UNK: Javier Esposito : Something messed up. Never seen anything like it.
Esposito : Victim's name is Marie Subbarao, she's 35.
Esposito : Security guard found her last night.
UNK: He's still getting over it.
Castle : Wow! She looks like an overstuffed sausage.
Beckett : Lanie, what the hell happened to her?
UNK: Lanie Parish : It's called explosive decompression.
UNK: From what? What would cause this?
UNK: It's a result of exposure to a zero-atmosphere environment.
UNK: Zero-atmosphere? As in outer space?
UNK: Yup.
UNK: Or?
UNK: I don't have an "or" for you right now, sweetie.
Lanie : I have to get her body back to the morgue,
Lanie : and then I may have some answers.
UNK: Well, her body is in a car in the middle of the rail-yard,
Beckett : so clearly, she wasn't killed in outer space.
UNK: There's gotta be another explanation.
Castle : a book on alien abductions.
UNK: So, what's your theory, Castle?
Beckett : That she was abducted and then killed by aliens?
UNK: The story that makes more sense is alien abduction gone wrong.
Castle : One that ends with Marie being accidentally
Castle : blasted out of the air-lock of the alien spaceship.
Espostio : Well, if it was E.T., he has a nicotine addiction.
UNK: We found this cigarette butt by the rear tire.
Espostio : It was laying in the track,
Espostio : which means it was dropped after the car was parked.
UNK: All right. Have CSU check for DNA, maybe we'll get lucky.
UNK: And can you look into explosive decompression?
Beckett : See what else might cause it?
Espostio : - You got it. - Thank you.
Castle : You do have to admit, the condition does seem otherworldly.
UNK: Marie Subbarao, before version.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Born in Chicago. Did post-grad work at Johns Hopkins,
UNK: and two years ago she takes a job at Aubrey Science Center in Midtown
UNK: Kevin Ryan : as an astrophysicist.
Beckett : Doing what?
UNK: I'm not really sure.
Ryan : According to the Center's website,
Ryan : she recently landed a grant from the SETI Institute.
Castle : The Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence, SETI?
Castle : That could explain...
Beckett : No, it couldn't.
UNK: So her working with SETI is just a wild coincidence?
Beckett : I'm saying it's an interesting fact that is unrelated to our case.
Beckett : Aliens were not involved in Marie Subbarao's death.
UNK: Um... I don't know.
Castle : Why, Detective Ryan, I never figured you for a believer.
Ryan : All I know is,
Ryan : my father's cousin Raymond left this party in Jersey one night.
Ryan : He's driving back to Queens and... Bam!
UNK: Blinding bright light comes down from the sky.
Ryan : Next thing he knows, it's morning,
UNK: he's on the side of the Jersey Turnpike.
Castle : Let me guess. No memory of what happened.
Beckett : That is not called an alien abduction.
Beckett : That is called a hangover.
Ryan : Maybe. Raymond always was the lightweight in the family.
UNK: Hmm. Speaking of family, did our victim have any?
Beckett : A husband, maybe?
UNK: The neighbors say she was single and lived alone.
Ryan : They barely saw her.
Ryan : Apparently, she normally came home from work around 10 : 00 p.m.