Castle : Overall, big week.
Beckett : You know what this timeline shows me?
Beckett : A lot of erratic behavior,
Beckett : that could be due to drug use, or any number of medical conditions.
Castle : All right.
UNK: Let's say Marie is a drug-addled psychotic with a brain tumor,
Castle : she still went looking for proof.
Beckett : She went looking for what she thought was proof.
Castle : Whatever it was, what if she found it?
Castle : Where would it be?
Beckett : You don't actually believe that Klingons are behind this, do you?
Castle : Killer aliens is a reach, even for me,
Castle : but government agents covering up the truth?
Castle : Not so crazy.
Beckett : Yes, it is.
Beckett : I mean, when this is all said and done,
Beckett : it will all come down to where and how she was killed,
Beckett : and I bet it will have nothing to do with secret agents,
Beckett : or massive government conspiracies.
Castle : I'll take that bet.
UNK: Detective?
Beckett : Where did everything go?
Ayyana : Two men came this morning with a federal warrant,
Ayyana : they loaded all of Marie's stuff into a truck.
Beckett : Who were they?
Beckett : From which agency?
Ayyana : They just said the government.
Castle : I'd like my payment in small bills, please.
Montgomery : My contact at Justice says no warrant was issued for Marie's office.
Beckett : Then people claiming to be federal agents seized her property.
UNK: I mean, there's got to be an explanation.
Castle : Men in Black.
Beckett : Other than that.
Montgomery : I'll put out more feelers. In the meantime, keep me posted.
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Castle : Marie found proof and they covered it up.
Castle : It's just like Benny Stryker said.
Beckett : Do you honestly expect me to believe a theory,
Beckett : any theory, that ends with, "Like Benny Stryker said?"
Castle : What else could it be? Who made off with all her stuff?
Beckett : Maybe Marie was working on a classified government project,
Beckett : and they confiscated her data.
Castle : Was her data in her furniture? Because they took that, too.
UNK: Without knowing who "they" are, we can't find "them."
Beckett : You know, the key lies in the murder weapon.
Beckett : Esposito, tell me that you've located that altitude chamber.
Espostio : I did.
Espostio : At the physics center, at Hudson University.
Espostio : The only other one in the five boroughs.
UNK: See?
Esposito : It's clean.
Esposito : CSU just checked.
UNK: There's got to be another device that does the same thing.
Espostio : Lanie and I looked into that.
Espostio : The only thing we found was an industrial vacuum packer,
UNK: it's used for food processing.
Beckett : Check into every single one in town. We need to locate that crime scene.
UNK: Castle.
Espostio : Just prove that E.T. did this, bro. Please.
Espostio : I hunt people, not machines.
Castle : I'm working on it.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Maybe we should focus on Marie's mystery Wednesday trip.
Beckett : Castle, finding proof of aliens will not help us catch our killer.
Castle : It will if she went somewhere with an industrial vacuum packer.
Ryan : If she did, it was off the Jersey Turnpike.
Ryan : Her E-ZPass account shows her getting off at Exit 9.
UNK: Where did she go from there?
Ryan : Hard to say. I checked her credit cards, no activity in the area.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm mapping it.
Castle : New Jersey Turnpike,
UNK: Exit 9.
Castle : Let me share with you the many wonders that await us at Exit 9.
UNK: Well, there's an arts center,
UNK: a state park with scenic hiking trails and canoeing,
Castle : astounding amount of day spas,
Castle : and the Plainsboro Observatory.
UNK: Yeah, Marie was here on Wednesday.
Beckett : But she had access to her own telescope.