Beckett : Lanie said the time of death was around 9 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Which means work was the last place that she was probably seen alive.
UNK: Dr. Chuck Vaughn : Marie was one of my most gifted researchers.
Beckett : What did she do here exactly?
Vaughn : She analyzed the data fed in from our radio telescope in New Mexico.
Vaughn : Studying radiation from quasars.
Castle : - For the SETI Institute? - No.
UNK: Most of her work was NASA-related.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw her?
Vaughn : Last night. She was still here at her office at 7 : 00, when I left.
Beckett : And what about you, Ms. Holder?
UNK: Ayyana Holder : We went over the calendar for next week,
UNK: and then she sent me home at 7 : 30.
Beckett : Was she having any problems in life?
Beckett : Anything unusual happening lately?
Vaughn : Not that I'm aware of.
Ayyana : Actually, since Monday, she'd been acting anxious and uptight.
Ayyana : I finally asked her what was wrong
Ayyana : and she said that something life-changing had happened to her.
Castle : What was it?
Ryan : I don't know.
Ayyana : Then on Wednesday, she left work in the middle of the day,
UNK: and she didn't come back until Thursday morning.
Beckett : Dr. Vaughn, Marie's body showed signs of explosive decompression.
Beckett : Was she doing any kind of research that would account for that?
Vaughn : Oh, my God.
UNK: That's a "yes".
Vaughn : It's called an altitude chamber.
Vaughn : We use it to study thermal life support systems
Vaughn : under reduced pressure for NASA.
Beckett : What would happen if a person went inside?
Ayyana : - Without protective gear? - Mmm-hmm.
Ayyana : Your lungs rupture from gas expansion,
Ayyana : and all the liquid in your body evaporates.
Castle : So, all the horrible effects of outer space,
Castle : without the view.
Beckett : Who else had access to this area?
Vaughn : Mostly our researchers and their assistants.
UNK: Maybe, 35 people in all.
UNK: We need a list of all of their names.
Beckett : Did Marie have problems with any of them?
Ayyana : Ted Carter, her ex-boyfriend.
Ayyana : After their break-up, things got ugly.
Ted : Can I ask what this is about?
Ryan : Mr. Carter, your keycard was swiped at the Science Center
UNK: last night at 7 : 42.
UNK: Do you mind telling us what you were doing there?
Ted : I went to see someone.
Esposito : Marie Subbarao?
Ted : Why is this any of your business?
UNK: We're investigating her murder.
UNK: What?
Ted : Marie's not dead.
Ted : How could she be dead?
Esposito : Someone put her in an altitude chamber.
Vaughn : Oh, my God.
UNK: Who could've done something like that?
UNK: She was killed at around 9 : 00 p.m.
Ryan : Not long after you arrived at the Center.
Ted : Not me! It wasn't me!
Ted : How could you think I'd do something like that?
Esposito : You had motive.
Esposito : You had access to the chamber.
UNK: Why else would you even go see her?
Ted : To ask her to dinner.
Ryan : After Marie dumped you and had you fired.
Ted : It wasn't like that. I quit.
Ted : It was too painful to be around her.
Ayyana : Then on Wednesday, out of nowhere, she called me.
Ted : She wanted to go to coffee.
UNK: And why would she do that?
Ted : To mend fences, I guess.
Ted : She gave me back some old t-shirts, some CDs she had of mine.
UNK: She said she felt bad about the way things ended.
Ted : I thought, maybe, we still had a chance, you know.
Ted : So, I went looking for her at the Center.
Ryan : What happened when you found her?
UNK: Nothing.
Ted : We talked for a few seconds.
Ted : She seemed upset about something.
Ted : I tried to find out what,
Ted : but she was in a hurry to get somewhere.
Ted : So I left.
Ted : I went home.
UNK: I was there by 8 : 00.
Esposito : Make yourself at home.
UNK: You're gonna be here for a while.
Beckett : CSU is going through the altitude chamber,
Beckett : once they get back with forensics,
Beckett : we should be able to charge Ted Carter.
Castle : Tell me this,
Castle : how did Carter get the body to the rail yard?
Beckett : Well, the altitude chamber is right next to the parking garage,
Beckett : so he probably dumped her body in the car,
Beckett : took it out to the rail yard, and tried to throw us off the trail.