UNK: What I'm saying is that we now know what these agents were after.
Castle : - That close. - Yeah.
Beckett : And as far as I'm concerned, let a higher pay grade deal with it.
Beckett : We now have leverage that we can use with our mystery agents.
Ryan : How? It's not like we can just call them up.
UNK: We do have the box of bugs.
Castle : It's the next best thing to a bat phone.
Beckett : We have what you want. You know where we are.
Espostio : You really think that's going to work?
Beckett : Please take a seat.
Westfield : So, where is it?
Beckett : Not a chance.
Beckett : I want something in return.
Beckett : The name of Marie Subbarao's killer.
Westfield : Ladies first.
Westfield : Why are you showing me this?
Castle : It's the photo that Marie took from the observatory,
Castle : of the alien ship.
Westfield : I'll be on my way now.
Beckett : Wait a minute. We had a deal.
Westfield : You said you had what I want.
Westfield : As it happens, you don't.
Montgomery : You're not leaving.
Montgomery : Marie Subbarao was murdered in the most awful way imaginable
Montgomery : and her killer is still out there.
Montgomery : You owe it to her.
Montgomery : Give us that name.
Westfield : Maybe she isn't who you think she is.
Beckett : What's that supposed to mean?
Beckett : I mean, if it's not this then what?
UNK: Why all of this fuss over an astrophysicist
Beckett : who analyzes radio signals?
Castle : Unless what she analyzed was secret.
Castle : That's it, isn't it?
Castle : She intercepted classified information.
UNK: You did say that, "She took something that was vital to our security."
Beckett : And we found Chinese cigarettes at the crime scene.
Beckett : Was she working with the Chinese?
Castle : Look, either you tell us the truth now
UNK: or we'll take what we know to the media.
Westfield : What makes you think they'll print it?
Castle : They probably won't,
Castle : but I know more than a dozen bloggers who will.
UNK: Not to mention over half a million of my own followers on Twitter.
Westfield : Nothing I say can leave this room.
Montgomery : You have our word on that.
Westfield : Last month, we determined that an enemy operative
Westfield : had intercepted classified coded data streams
Westfield : between the Pacific Fleet and the Pentagon.
Beckett : You think it was Marie.
Westfield : The intercepted transmissions coincided with Marie's tasking
Stryker : her radio telescope to point at our satellite.
UNK: Which was nowhere near
Westfield : where she was supposed to be doing her research.
Castle : So that wasn't a photo of a UFO. That was your spy satellite.
Westfield : But the real damage done is the data she downloaded,
Westfield : which I fear is now in the hands of the Chinese.
Beckett : So then who killed her?
Westfield : Her handler, I imagine.
UNK: The Chinese must've known we were on to them.
Westfield : They were smart enough to make it look like the boyfriend did it.
Montgomery : Who's this handler?
Westfield : Someone from Chinese Intelligence.
Westfield : We were never able to identify him.
Westfield : Whoever he is, you'll never catch him.
Westfield : It's over.
UNK: Bob Linden : In the book, I take a bold new look at the linear aggregation of markets.
Castle : It's about time someone did.
Bob : So Ashley tells me you're an author as well.
Bob : Tell me about your writing, Mr. Castle.
Bob : I don't read popular fiction. I find most of it crass and tawdry.
Castle : Yes. Right. Well...
UNK: I...