Beckett : Well, that might explain the test results that Lanie just sent over.
Beckett : Marie had traces of sodium pentothal in her system.
Castle : Somebody gave her truth serum?
Castle : Maybe it was the real spy! The white room, the questions.
Castle : That's why Stryker thought she was abducted by aliens.
Beckett : If Marie wasn't the spy...
UNK: Then the real spy is someone with access to that radio telescope
Ryan : at the Science Center.
Beckett : I'm heading over there right now.
Castle : I'll meet you there as soon as I can.
Castle : More wine?
UNK: I've got another request here.
Castle : Redirecting the telescope to the satellite coordinates.
Beckett : Signed by Marie. Just like all the others.
Beckett : Well, out of character or not,
UNK: it looks like she was the spy after all.
Beckett : Wait a minute.
Beckett : These two signatures are different.
Beckett : The A's don't match.
Castle : You're right.
Castle : And look who else makes an A like that.
Beckett : Dr. Charles Vaughn.
Castle : He forged her signatures to make it look as though
Castle : Marie was the one intercepting the satellite transmissions.
Beckett : So maybe Marie saw a request with her fake signature
Beckett : and she got curious. So she put in a request of her own
Beckett : to have the telescope scan that part of the sky.
Castle : So that's when she intercepted the weird signals.
UNK: After that, she "lost time."
UNK: And then when she told Benny Stryker about it,
UNK: he assumed that she'd been abducted.
Castle : Which she had been, only not by aliens, by Dr. Vaughn,
Castle : who drugged her to figure out how much she knew.
Castle : When he realized how close she was, he got rid of her.
Beckett : Yeah, but he's the one who told us about the altitude chamber.
Castle : Yeah, because he knew it would lead us to Marie's ex-boyfriend.
Esposito : Dr. Vaughn is gone. He's not at his place.
Esposito : But you know what is? Three vials of sodium pentothal.
Beckett : Any idea where he went?
UNK: But looks like he left in a rush.
Beckett : Call TSA and have him put on a "No-Fly" list
Beckett : and keep me posted.
Beckett : He's on the run.
Castle : If he heard we asked for those request forms,
UNK: he would've been tipped off.
Beckett : He probably had an escape plan in place
Beckett : just in case his cover was blown.
Castle : And Chinese handlers who can smuggle him out of the country.
Castle : Not to be negative, but the odds of catching this guy aren't great.
Beckett : Unless we enlist the help of a certain government agent
Beckett : who wants him just as bad as we do.
Westfield : I may want to put you guys on my friends and family plan.
Beckett : We now believe that Dr. Vaughn is the spy.
Beckett : Marie figured it out and then he killed her.
Westfield : I'm inclined to agree.
Westfield : Which leaves the Agency with some egg on its face.
Beckett : And which agency did you say that was again?
Westfield : I didn't.
Westfield : We dug deeper on Dr. Vaughn.
Ryan : Turns out he has a fondness for gambling.
Westfield : He ran up quite the tab at an Atlantic City casino
Westfield : controlled by the Chinese.
Westfield : After that, they owned him.
UNK: Do you know where Vaughn is now?
Westfield : I know where to start looking.
Westfield : Using his cell phone number, I can triangulate his position.
Beckett : Well, he's got to be worried about being tracked.
Beckett : He probably turned it off.
Westfield : Then we'll just turn it back on.
Castle : You can do that?
Westfield : We turned off your phones, didn't we?
Castle : Yeah, and the car.
Westfield : He's in the warehouse district in Chinatown.
Westfield : 1400 block of Canal Street.
Beckett : Can we get a closer look?
Castle : There he is.
UNK: Fancy.
UNK: That's just a few blocks away from where we found Marie's body.
Beckett : Maybe that's where he killed her.
Castle : And who's that guy? Wait, he's the Cigarette Smoking Man!
Westfield : Otherwise known as Ung Kyu.
UNK: He's a high-level Chinese Intelligence agent.
Beckett : So our murder suspect is meeting his handler.
Westfield : Which means Dr. Vaughn may still have the data.
Castle : Well, then let's go get him.
Castle : Where are the Predator Drones, the Black helicopters?
Castle : All those SWAT teams rappelling down on ropes?
Westfield : Budget cuts.
Westfield : It's vital to our national security that we take these men alive.
Castle : These guys are trained agents.
Castle : They probably have cyanide capsules in their teeth
Castle : in case they're caught.
Westfield : We'll worry about their teeth when the time comes.
Ryan : Patrol cars have closed off all streets in a five-block radius.
UNK: And air support's on the way.
UNK: All right. What's the plan?
Westfield : Vaughn's cell phone signal has gone dark,
Westfield : which means he's underground.
Westfield : According to our intel, this building has an extensive basement
UNK: with two methods of ingress.
Beckett : Actually, most of the basements on this side of town
Beckett : are linked through doorways used as escape routes
Beckett : for illegals in case of an INS raid.
Westfield : So you're saying that Vaughn and Kyu
Westfield : could be in either of the adjoining buildings as well?
Beckett : Welcome to New York.
Castle : Let's go.