UNK: eight...
Chase : Let's go.
UNK: How you doing? Better.
UNK: Great.
Wilson : Everything else good?
Cuddy : Everything involving me kissing House is good.
Cuddy : Oh, God, you dragged it out of me, you're a genius.
Cuddy : It's no big deal.
Cuddy : I was feeling vulnerable, he's a friend, and I leaned on him.
Wilson : It's funny. I've leaned on friends in the past.
Wilson : Never leaned so far my tongue fell into their mouths.
Cuddy : I don't think of House that way. I never have.
Wilson : Why not?
Cuddy : You know exactly how it would go.
House : It would start off exciting,
Cuddy : we'd get caught up in the novelty and the hostility and the forbiddenness,
Cuddy : and then we'd realize that the flirty hostility is just hostility,
Cuddy : his inability to open up is no longer exciting,
Cuddy : it's just frustrating, and then it's the inevitable blow up
Cuddy : and the recriminations, and we don't talk for two months.
Wilson : Yeah. Well, it certainly proves you've never thought about House that way.
Cuddy : I get your point.
Cuddy : I will be more careful with my tongue in the future.
Wilson : That's not my point.
Wilson : Maybe novelty and hostility and forbiddenness doesn't have to end bad.
UNK: Got to go.
Chase : What time you done?
UNK: Thought we could try that new sushi place next to my house.
Cameron : Why don't we stay at my house tonight?
UNK: But we always stay at mine.
Cameron : That's what I mean. We used to split, what happened?
Chase : I don't know, I'm closer to work. By five minutes.
Cameron : And my house doesn't look like it was decorated by a drunk rugby player.
Cameron : Well, we can discuss it. I hadn't really...
Chase : Why does it have to be a discussion? Can't you just stay over?
Cuddy : You do know they page me when that much surgical equipment is signed out.
Cuddy : He didn't consent.
Cameron : He consented to the surgery.
UNK: You think he's going to sue over where?
Chase : He won't even know where.
Chase : He'll wake up in his house, he won't know a thing about what happened.
Cuddy : Until he catches a post surgical infection in his dirty apartment
Cuddy : and finds out we tricked him and winds up owning the hospital.
Cameron : Why aren't you arguing with her?
House : Because she's right.
House : I don't care where he gets the post-op, just that he gets it.
House : Keep him here.
UNK: House?
Cameron : You okay?
House : Yes, we don't need to talk.
Cuddy : Your hand.
House : That's weird. I usually don't get the stigmata until Easter.
Cameron : Please tell Dr. Chase the patient's ready for him now.
Cameron : Stewart, wake up. It's Dr. Cameron.
Cameron : If you can hear me, blink.
Cameron : We were concerned for your safety, so we brought you to the hospital.
Cameron : No, it's okay.
Cameron : No, it's okay. Why'd you...
Cameron : I just wanted to keep you informed.
Cameron : I didn't want you to have a bad shock while you're recovering from surgery.
UNK: I got to get out of here. It's okay, Stewart.
Cameron : Calm down. Calm down. Stewart.
UNK: Stewart, I'm going to sedate you. I got to get out of here.
Cameron : I'm gonna sedate you.
UNK: No!
Cameron : Calm down. I need some help in here. Damn it, somebody get in here.