House : What do you see?
Cameron : Normal theta, normal delta.
Cameron : This isn't a seizure.
House : It's something.
Cameron : Mr. Nozick, are you okay?
UNK: My stomach. It's killing me.
House : See? It's something.
Kutner : Partial small bowel obstruction.
House : Blockage explains the pain. What explains the blockage plus seizures?
Thirteen : Atrial fibrillation throwing emboli.
Taub : Crohn's causing an abscess.
UNK: It could be a million things.
Foreman : There's no way to know unless we get him in for an MRI on his head,
Foreman : or exploratory surgery so we can biopsy his bowels,
Foreman : which he won't let us do. Wouldn't.
House : Pain changes things.
UNK: House.
Cameron : He told you to stay out of here.
House : He can chase me out once he's done doubling up in agony.
House : Whatever your big problem is has caused a complication we call "colon FOS."
UNK: "F-O", "full of," since we're in mixed company, "S" is "stool."
UNK: Nothing is coming out, so the pain's gonna get worse and worse.
UNK: So we need to stick a pooper scooper in you.
House : We also need to take a look at your bowel.
Stewart : I made my wishes clear.
UNK: Uh-huh. And, see, if the Crazy Fairy were here,
House : she could grant them.
Stewart : I'm not insane. I feel pain when I go outside,
UNK: so it's rational to avoid that pain.
House : Except now you're feeling pain inside.
UNK: Well, not as bad. Nowhere near.
Cameron : We can give him drugs for the blockage.
House : If it doesn't work
House : that blockage will rupture your intestines and spew sewage throughout your body.
House : Whatever you're scared of out there, aren't you more scared of death?
Stewart : You, obviously, can't stand people.
Stewart : But for me, it's worse. All right?
Stewart : I'd rather die in here than live out there.
House : If you don't mind floppy hair and an annoying accent,
House : I know a surgeon who will operate in your home.
Cuddy : Thank you.
Cameron : With the risk of infection, Chase won't actually...
House : He's not gonna do surgery in some crazy dude's house.
Cameron : You just said... What I said was
House : that Chase would put him under at the house.
UNK: We take him to the hospital, open him up, do our thing,
House : then slip him back into his room for the post-op,
House : without him ever finding out that we tricked him.
UNK: So, that was implied.
Cameron : It's unethical. He'll be asleep.
Cameron : He gets to make his own calls, even if he's asleep.
House : Why are you siding with him?
House : Oh, yeah, you're that girl who likes broken people because her husband died,
House : and since Chase isn't all that broken...
Cameron : Hey, why don't we operate on his infarcted leg while we're at it?
Cameron : Who cares if he said no?
House : I was risking my life to avoid becoming a cripple,
House : he's doing it to avoid sunlight and fresh air.
Cameron : We've got to make it look good.
Stewart : I know I'm a pain in the ass.
Stewart : I know it would have been easy just to walk away,
Stewart : but you're a good person.
Chase : Count down from 10.
UNK: Ten, nine,