UNK: Dave Barton : What can I say? I have anger issues.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : And a gift for murderous creativity.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Threatening to "Nail Alan to the ceiling by his feet"
Dave : It's all just talk.
Dave : I actually get nauseous at the sight of blood.
Esposito : Oh, is that why you decided to poison Alan last night?
UNK: Hey, no, I was home last night, with my wife and my mother-in-Iaw.
Dave : Which, believe you me, is no good for my anger issues.
Dave : I mean, that woman drives me crazy.
Dave : Sometimes I just think about getting a blender and a trowel, and...
UNK: Kidding.
Ryan : Well, you better hope your alibi holds up,
Ryan : 'cause you had all the motive in the world.
Dave : You want motive? We're safety inspectors.
Dave : You think we're making friends handing out millions in fines?
Dave : We're not getting any Christmas cards.
Dave : Especially Alan.
UNK: What do you mean, "especially Alan"?
Dave : The guy's got a rep for being a real stickler.
Dave : He doesn't let anything slide.
Esposito : Oh, is that what you did? Let things slide in exchange for a payday?
Dave : Maybe I did, maybe I didn't. Doesn't make me a killer.
Dave : The point is that Alan refuses to play the game
Dave : and that pisses off a lot of people.
UNK: Hey.
Vikram : Did Lanie really declare a live guy dead?
Beckett : No. well, yeah, but do yourself a favor, don't mention it to her.
Beckett : So, you got something?
Vikram : I might have broken open LokSat.
Beckett : You found them?
Vikram : Unfortunately no, but I did find someone else.
Vikram : Based on Castle's discovery of the exact time and date
Vikram : LokSat flew into LA, I've been scrubbing footage
Vikram : from all the Los Angeles area airports.
Vikram : Look who showed up.
Beckett : Caleb Brown?
Vikram : But he was traveling under an alias. Peter McCaffrey.
Beckett : So Caleb must have gone to LA to meet with LokSat.
UNK: Well, who's driving the SUV?
Vikram : I don't know. I can only read part of the plate.
Vikram : But I'm generating a list of possible matches.
UNK: Captain...
Ryan : Dave Barton alibied out.
Ryan : But we're getting a list of all the companies
Ryan : that Alan has either fined or shut down for violations recently,
Ryan : then we're gonna run the list past Alan.
Beckett : Whose would-be killer is still out there. So, what precautions are you taking?
UNK: A squad carjust brought him home from the hospital,
Ryan : we got a uniform posted outside his door.
Ryan : Which makes his only real concern your husband.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So you have died and been reborn.
Castle : - What are you gonna do now? - Going to bed.
Alan : I have a full day of inspections tomorrow.
Alan : I need to be focused.
UNK: You can'tjust go back to work Iike nothing happened.
Castle : You had a near-death experience. That's a wake-up call.
Castle : Get out there, live this life you've always dreamed about.
Alan : Just because I have a few pictures on my wall
Alan : doesn't mean I'm not happy with my life.
Castle : Right. Your drab, solitary life.
Alan : It's not solitary.
Castle : So, there's a Ms. Safety Inspector?
Alan : Not exactly, but there is a woman I have my eye on.
Alan : She's funny and smart...
Castle : - Doesn't know you exist? - No.
UNK: AII clear. I'll be right outside ifyou need anything.
Alan : Great. Thanks.
Castle : You should really call this woman.
Alan : Okay, I will.
Castle : And you honestly don't remember anything about being dead?
Alan : Really don't.
UNK: Who does that? Who gets a second chance like that,
UNK: and just goes to work the next morning?
Officer : I would. I like work.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Alan!