UNK: Relax, I've totally got this.
UNK: Shop Man : Welcome to Lucky Dragon herbs and remedies.
Man : Can I help you?
Alan : Surprise safety inspection.
Castle : FYI, sir, he's holding out a badge
Castle : that says Department of Safety and Health.
Castle : And he's got a serious look on his face.
UNK: A very serious look.
Man : Okay, but why two inspectors?
Alan : - Uh, because he is my trainee. - Trainee.
Alan : And it helps to have a second set of eyes.
Alan : Not that one set of eyes, or no sets of eyes is a bad thing.
Man : Bring all the eyes you would like.
Man : I'm sure you'll find my medicines violate none ofyour western laws.
Castle : We'll be the judge of that.
Man : I ask we stay together so I may address your inspection concerns.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Of course.
Castle : I'll cause a distraction. You slip in the backroom.
Man : Here are some of my most precious herbs.
Man : Impossible to grow in this country.
Castle : Oh, you mean these herbs right here?
UNK: Your assistant is very clumsy.
Alan : Yes, he is.
Alan : Which is why the sooner we get out ofyour way, the better.
Alan : Take us to your back room now, please.
Man : But of course.
Man : Wait! I sense something.
Man : Something powerful. An unnatural presence in the order of things.
Castle : - What kind of presence? - What kind indeed?
Man : When is a man not a man?
UNK: When his life force cannot be extinguished.
Man : When he cannot die, then he is a god.
Castle : I think he senses your powers.
Alan : Yeah, you do?
Castle : Either that, or he's buying time
Castle : while his guys get the contraband out the back door.
Beckett : Why don't you guys drop the cases?
UNK: NYPD.
Ryan : On your knees, fellas.
Esposito : - What the hell is this? - Heroin.
Castle : Since when does heroin look like that?
Lanie : Since it's synthetic heroin.
Lanie : An opioid manufactured to replicate a heroin high.
Lanie : In fact, this stuff actually improves on it.
Lanie : Because according to the analysis I ran, it's laced with TTX.
Alan : The same poison that almost killed me? What, heroin isn't dangerous enough?
Lanie : Because that poison works by blocking synapses.
Lanie : In small doses, it's a powerful analgesic.
Lanie : Specifically used for the pain of heroin withdrawal.
Beckett : So it makes the drug more addictive by reducing the painful side effects.
Beckett : So more addictive heroin that doesn't have to be smuggled into the country...
Castle : Because it can be made right here in the good old US ofA.
Beckett : That explains why the Triads and Horatio
Beckett : were willing to put their differences aside.
UNK: Because synthetic heroin could be worth billions!
Alan : What does this have to do with me? Why would anybody want me dead?
Lanie : Well, clearly, this stuff is made in a lab somewhere,
UNK: and yourjob is to inspect laboratories, so...
UNK: You know, this shade ofyellow Iooks very familiar.
Alan : What is it that gives it this color?
Lanie : An inorganic catalyst commonly referred to as LAH.
Alan : Lithium aluminum hydride!
Alan : That is the same chemical that spilled when I was inspecting Zantium Labs!
Lanie : This is why they wanted you dead.
Alan : When the synthetic heroin hits the streets,
Alan : it will come out that it was made with LAH.
Lanie : And since you knew the lab had purchased large amounts of LAH...
Alan : They couldn't take the risk that I might see something on the news,
Alan : put the pieces together, and report it to the authorities.
UNK: Which means someone at Zantium Labs is trying to kill you.
Esposito : Someone at Zantium Labs is trying to kill me!
UNK: Oh, my God. Is that what we sound like?
UNK: Surely hope not. I mean, it was cute. Butjust, overly cute.
UNK: Int - Apartment : - Alan! - Huh?
Beckett : Do you know who ordered the LAH for Zantium?
Alan : I do. Mike Lin, the lead chemist.
Alan : I remember seeing his name on the purchase order.
Alan : He's probably the guy who's trying to kill me!
Alan : He could be very dangerous. We need to get down there
Alan : and figure something out before he hurts someone else!
Beckett : No, we have to be very smart about this.
Beckett : There is no way that Mike, a chemist, would be working alone here.
Beckett : So we have to get a court order to impound the entire laboratory
Beckett : and make sure that nobody destroys any of the evidence.
Alan : Well, how long will that take?
Beckett : Don't worry. we'll get this guy.