Officer : Someone rigged the bed to electrocute him.
Officer : Is he dead?
Lanie : Sorry, Castle, but this time he really is dead.
Castle : What a waste.
Lanie : To be given a second chance and have it taken away like this.
Castle : He was just gonna go back to work like nothing happened.
UNK: What?
Castle : If I hadn't been so focused on his rebirth,
Castle : I might have noticed that wire.
Castle : I could have saved him.
UNK: Oh, you can't beat yourself up, Castle.
Lanie : I was starting to think he was some kind of medical miracle.
Lanie : Turns out he was just lucky. And in the end, his luck ran out.
Castle : Forget lucky.
Alan : Somebody cooking barbecue?
UNK: He's immortal.
Lanie : He was definitely dead.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : That's what you said last time.
Lanie : He was dead the last time, too!
Beckett : Uh, sorry, um, can we have a minute, please?
UNK: Dr. Ellins : - Of course. - Thanks.
Lanie : I'm sorry. I'm just rattled.
Lanie : You know, people can come back from being poisoned,
Lanie : and from being electrocuted, but both in the same day?
Beckett : So, is there an explanation?
UNK: I can think oftwo. Either I'm really bad at myjob,
UNK: or Castle is right and this guy is immortal.
Beckett : He is not immortal. And you are a genius at yourjob.
Beckett : We just got to keep looking for answers.
Beckett : Starting with who wants to kill this guy so badly.
Lanie : Is there any forensics on the second attempt?
UNK: No.
Beckett : The bed must have been wired after the apartment was already released
Beckett : from being a crime scene,
Beckett : which means the killer had about a two-hour window
Beckett : before Alan and Castle got there.
Ryan : Hey, so the toxin that should have killed Alan, TTX, is a controlled substance
Ryan : available through only a few pharma supply companies.
Ryan : CDC is sending us over the list right now.
Lanie : So finding the buyer might Iead to the killer.
Ryan : Any idea how our boy, Alan, is still with us?
Beckett : Uh... No, but Castle has a theory.
Castle : You are a superhero.
Alan : No, I'm really not. I'm just an ordinary guy.
Castle : You were an ordinary guy, Alan.
Castle : That's how most superheroes start out,
Castle : mild-mannered weaklings, and that's you.
Alan : Wow. Thanks.
Castle : Relax. It's all to maximize your transformative arc.
Alan : If I agree with you, will you leave me alone?
Castle : - Don't be silly. - Ow. Ow.
Castle : We're just getting started.
Castle : First we need to figure out what triggered your transformation.
Castle : Your origin story, if you will.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because the origin story is everything.
Castle : What, there's what, nine Spider-Man movies about it?
Esposito : Yo, we got a lead.
UNK: We need to come up with a superhero name for Alan.
Alan : No, no, we really don't.
UNK: How about "Safety Man"?
Castle : No, that's terrible.
Esposito : Well, does he have any other powers?
Vikram : I don't know. We should really run some tests.
Alan : Um, you said something about a lead?
Esposito : Right. Yeah, we've been checking into your inspection history
UNK: to see ifthere's somebody you might have pissed off.
UNK: And I think we have a winner. Zantium Labs.
Esposito : You just hit them with a six-figure fine.
Alan : Yeah, they're a bio-pharmaceutical company.
Alan : I threatened to shut them down
Alan : after they had a bad chemical spill two days ago.
Castle : Whoa! A chemical spill? Mystery solved!
Castle : Exposure to dangerous materials
Castle : is the most common superhero origin story there is!
UNK: Oh, sorry, the spill was LAH. It's an inorganic compound
Alan : used as a catalyst to make other chemicals, which...
Alan : The point is, it can be explosive,
Alan : but there's nothing about it that would ever turn anyone into a,
UNK: I don't know... Captain Cool?
Castle : No, but keep trying.
UNK: Hey, who was on the hook for that spill?
Alan : The lab manager, Frank Patchett. He begged me not to fine them.
Alan : He said the lab was hemorrhaging money.
Esposito : That sounds like motive. Come on, Castle, let's go talk to this guy.
UNK: Wait. Maybe I should come with you.
UNK: Why?
Alan : No reason.
Castle : The girl.
Castle : The one who doesn't know you exist, she works there, doesn't she?
UNK: No.
Alan : Yes. Her name is Gwen, she's in marketing.
UNK: Sorry, Alan, you got to stay here.
UNK: Ifthere's somebody at Zantium Labs trying to kill you,
Esposito : I'd be the worst cop on the force if I took you there.
Castle : Don't worry, Alan. I'll put in a good word for you with Gwen.
UNK: No, no, please, don't!
UNK: Gwen Parker : I can't believe someone would try and do that to poor Alan.
UNK: Gwen Parker : He's such a sweet man.
Castle : - So you do know him? - Of course.
Gwen : People around here kind of hate him,
Gwen : but I don't know, I think he's really funny.
Castle : I'll tell him you said that.
Gwen : Oh, that's Frank. Hey, Frank!