Spate : Perhaps you should try one. Then you can rethink your answer.
UNK: Careful. It's dangerous out there.
Castle : It's as if he stepped off the pages of a graphic novel.
Castle : You should have been there to see him in person.
Beckett : Yes, they should have, not you. And definitely not Alan.
Beckett : Now, tell me how dangerous it was for you to take him out in public,
Beckett : 'cause I know that you knew.
Castle : He's in love, Beckett. And I love love.
UNK: And... And I'm sorry, and I won't do it again.
Beckett : No, you won't, and you know why?
Beckett : Because I've had him sent to a real safe house
Beckett : until we track down Horatio.
UNK: Hey, boss, I know we were talking about flying under the radar,
Ryan : but that really doesn't seem to be Horatio's style.
Ryan : I mean, he solves problems with bullets.
Ryan : Not poisons and elaborate electrocution traps.
Esposito : So why would he guarantee protection?
UNK: Well, maybe he knows the actual identity of our would-be killer.
Beckett : And stopping the hit could benefit his waste disposal company
Beckett : by giving him leverage on Alan.
Beckett : Are any of Horatio's associates recent buyers of TTX?
Beckett : 'Cause that could help us narrow down who's trying to kill Alan.
UNK: We got the list right here.
Castle : Wait a minute. Lucky Dragon Herbologists?
UNK: Horatio had a pill box with a dragon logo on it.
Castle : That's it. That's the same logo!
Esposito : It says here that it's a front for the white Lotus Chinese Triad.
Ryan : Okay, so how does an international gang get cleared to possess TTX?
Beckett : Because Lucky Dragon is a legitimate business,
Beckett : and there are small doses of TTX in eastern medicine.
UNK: Hold on, this doesn't make sense.
Esposito : According to intel, the Triad sees Horatio as a threat to their territory.
Esposito : They're gearing up for war.
Ryan : So no way is Horatio guaranteeing Alan's safety with the Triads.
UNK: Unless...
UNK: Horatio said he'd just started taking Gingko.
UNK: What ifthe two empires are hammering out some kind of an alliance?
Esposito : An alliance that Alan unknowingly stumbled onto,
Esposito : and put him right in the crosshairs of the Triad.
Ryan : But what could bring two warring gangs together to join forces?
Beckett : We'll get a search warrant for Lucky Dragon Herbologists and find out.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Uh, Caleb, what are you doing here?
Caleb : I hate to bother you, but I could really use your help with a client.
Caleb : Can I borrow you for a quick minute?
Beckett : Yeah, sure.
Beckett : So, who is this client?
Caleb : I think you're familiar with him.
UNK: Peter McCaffrey.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: No, it doesn't sound familiar.
Caleb : No? Let me fill you in.
UNK: Um, so there's this overzealous cop.
Caleb : You know the type, she never knows when to give up.
Caleb : And she has her tech guy look into Peter McCaffrey's recent travel.
Woman : - Okay. - Yeah.
UNK: Well, Mr. McCaffrey's a very private person.
Caleb : So he set up some unexpected digital trip wires.
Caleb : That's bad news for the tech guy, and his boss.
Caleb : And so this cop, she keeps marching toward this kill zone,
Caleb : and unless she makes an about-face, it is not going to end well.
Beckett : I don't get it.
Beckett : You served a full term in the Peace Corps, you worked for the EPA.
Beckett : You brought legal action against corrupt corporations...
UNK: - what is your point, Kate? - What happened?
Beckett : You used to make a difference. Why did you sell out?
Caleb : Look, my client is forced to work for a man that he cannot fight.
Caleb : And take my word for it, neither can you.
Beckett : Let's help each other out here.
Beckett : We can bring down LokSat.
Beckett : I'm giving you a second chance to make a difference.
Caleb : Captain, just do yourself a favor, hmm?
Caleb : Heed my warning.
UNK: No, you heed mine.
UNK: You have until 8 : 00 tomorrow night.
Castle : Then what?
Beckett : I'll expose you.
Beckett : And then we'll both be looking over our shoulders,
Beckett : waiting for LokSat to tie up loose ends.
Beckett : Because once they find out that your cover is blown,
Beckett : and I'm onto you, then you're gonna be as dead as I am.
Caleb : Seven minutes, Kate.
Caleb : Seven minutes.
Caleb : That's how long the brain continues to function after the body dies.
Caleb : And as all of those synapses slowly stop firing off,
Caleb : that's when they say that our lives flash before our eyes.
Caleb : Now, when your seven minutes come,
Caleb : I sincerely hope that you do not flash to this moment,
Caleb : when you had a chance to live and you chose not to.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : You want me to handle that?
Beckett : You're on edge this morning.
Castle : On edge? why would I be on edge?
UNK: Just because LokSat's henchman knows we're onto him,
Castle : and assassins could come through the door any second.
Castle : I mean, why aren't you on edge?
Beckett : Well, Caleb is a lot of things, but he's not suicidal.
Beckett : And working with us is his only recourse.
Castle : He threatened your life.
Beckett : Because he was scared. Trust me, Castle, I turned him.
Beckett : I'm positive he's gonna come in today.
Castle : Oh, yeah, I think he's coming in, too.
Castle : Either him, or LokSat's kill squads.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey! Geez.
UNK: So Judge Koberjust denied our search warrant request for The Lucky Dragon.
Beckett : A suspected Triad front.
Beckett : Does she know that we like them for two attempts on Alan's life?
Ryan : Says we still need probable cause.
UNK: Okay, uh, we gotta go at this a different way.
Beckett : You know, if Horatio and the Triads are working together,
Beckett : - this is something big. - Mmm.
UNK: Guys.
Castle : I know how to get in.
Castle : Stick to the plan.