Castle : - Excuse me? - Yes.
Man : Can I help you with something?
UNK: Yes, as a matter offact, you can, uh, Mike.
UNK: Look, um, ifyou had to pick something in this lab
Castle : that would turn somebody into a superhero, what would it be?
UNK: I'm... I'm sorry, what?
Castle : Radioactive spider, secret alien technology, super-soldier serum.
Mike : Yeah, we don't have anything like that here.
UNK: Then what is the...
UNK: what about this? What are you working on right here?
Mike : We've discovered an accelerated method
Mike : for growing hair cells in the mice.
Castle : Accelerated cell regeneration?
Castle : That could be the key to immortality!
Frank : I've been supervising this cleanup for the last 48 hours.
Frank : Even if I wanted to kill Alan, I didn't have the opportunity or the energy.
Esposito : But you did have the motive.
Esposito : You begged him not to fine you, and he did anyway.
Frank : Yeah, he's a pain in the ass. But the damage was already done.
Frank : Killing him would have accomplished nothing.
Frank : You know, something odd did happen when I walked him out to the parking lot.
Esposito : Odd, how?
Frank : There was someone hanging out at Alan's car,
UNK: but he took offwhen he saw us coming.
Frank : I didn't think much of it at the time, but...
Esposito : Does your parking lot have security cameras?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Let me see them.
Beckett : Mr. Hume, so you're an operations manager
Beckett : at a plastics factory that Alan recently shut down.
Beckett : Is that correct?
UNK: Glen Hume : I didn't do anything to Alan. I'm innocent.
Esposito : Innocent men don't usually stalk their victims in parking lots.
Hume : I just wanted to talk to Alan, that's all.
Hume : I needed to find the right moment. We had to be alone.
Beckett : Okay, what did you want to talk to him about?
Beckett : Mr. Hume, if all you wanted to do was talk to him,
Beckett : then why did unis find you with two suitcases and a ticket to Mexico?
Hume : Because I don't want to die. They came after Alan, and I'm next.
UNK: Who's "they"?
UNK: Ifyou know who went after Alan, you need to tell us.
Beckett : Was it someone from your company?
Esposito : Are you a whistleblower, Glen?
Esposito : Is there something you're trying to expose?
Esposito : Is that why you wanted to talk to Alan?
Beckett : The NYPD can protect you.
Beckett : And if someone really is trying to kill you,
Beckett : you're a lot safer in here with us than out there on your own.
Hume : Okay, but it's not someone from my company.
Hume : It's the mob.
Beckett : What would organized crime want with Alan?
Beckett : - Waste management. - Yeah.
Hume : They strong-armed me into giving them
Hume : the contract for my factory's hazardous waste disposal.
Hume : They've been doing the same thing all over town.
UNK: And theyjust dump this stuff into the landfill.
Esposito : So why would they target Alan before you?
Beckett : Because Alan fired Dave Barton, the only inspector that they could buy.
Beckett : So, Alan was becoming a big problem and their only solution was to kill him.
Alan : The mob is trying to kill me?
Castle : Trying and failing. But do you know why?
UNK: Because I'm what, Rogaine Man?
Castle : Yuck, worst name yet.
Castle : But it does explain why you keep coming back to life.
Castle : Your cells regenerate at an amazing rate.
UNK: Except they don't.
UNK: What?
UNK: Just got the tests back.
Lanie : No sign of abnormal regenerative activity in blood or tissue cells.
Lanie : In fact, no sign of anything abnormal at all.
Alan : Told you. I'm Boring Man, except for the contract out on my life.
Castle : Just to be sure,
Castle : maybe we should cut off one of his fingers, see if it grows back.
UNK: What?
Castle : Just the tip.
Alan : Okay, I'm done.
UNK: - Whoa, whoa. where are you gonna go? - Home.
Alan : Or not home. Somewhere safe. Where is that?
Castle : My place. we have yet to unlock the secrets ofyour powers.
UNK: Lanie is a doctor. She can strip you down and check you out.
Alan : - No. - Forget it.
Castle : Come on, you owe him.
Alan : No, no, she doesn't.
Alan : Castle, it's been a long day. I am very overwhelmed.
Alan : I just want to go back to my life.
UNK: It's too bad. You can't.
Castle : Spidey couldn't go back after the bite,
Castle : Hulk couldn't go back after the bomb, Ant-Man couldn't go back after...
Castle : I can't remember. Point is, you have an obligation.
Castle : With great power comes great responsibility.
Castle : Let's go to my place and get some pizza on the way.
UNK: There is no way I'm going back to your place to eat pizza
Alan : and explore my superpowers.
UNK: I'll tell you what Gwen said about you.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Hey, where are we on the waste management company?
Esposito : It's a new entity called Bullseye. We're not sure who's running it,
Esposito : but rumor is, it's a new player on the scene.
Beckett : I don't know. Electrocution and
Beckett : - poisoning doesn't sound like the mob. - No.
Ryan : Unless they're trying to keep a low profile.
Ryan : Best way to stay off our radar is to fly under it.