Castle : Hey, I've been thinking...
Beckett : Oh, no.
Castle : Oh, relax. I'm over that whole "sex in zero G" thing.
UNK: Good, 'cause that was just an accident waiting to happen.
Castle : Seriously though, I think it's time we shake things up.
Castle : Move to Paris.
Castle : You know, uh, search for buried treasure in Nepal.
Castle : We could fly a hot air balloon across the Sahara.
Beckett : You know what? I love all of those ideas,
Beckett : but I just became Captain, and you have your PI business.
Castle : And then there's LokSat.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: We have responsibilities, right?
UNK: But what ifwe didn't?
Woman : Hold, please.
Beckett : Um, I might need that. That might be a homicide.
UNK: The victim is not gonna get any deader.
Castle : Listen, let's say we find LokSat and take him down,
Castle : - without getting killed. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : What then?
Castle : You're not gonna be Captain of the 12th Precinct for very long.
Castle : You're on a rocket. Sky's the limit.
Castle : - So, you know what happens then? - Mmm-mmm.
UNK: We become normal.
Beckett : No, Castle, you're never gonna be normal.
Castle : I'm serious.
Castle : - Think about it. - I will.
Beckett : What do you got?
UNK: Int - Apartment : Alan Masters. AII signs point to poison.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dilated pupils, bluish discoloration around the lips,
UNK: Lanie Parish : that's a giveaway.
UNK: Lanie Parish : But I'll know for sure after the autopsy.
Castle : Who called it in?
Lanie : Customer service operator for his cable company.
Lanie : She was on the phone with him when it happened.
Castle : What a way to go.
Lanie : Poisoned, or on the phone with the cable company?
Castle : Well, at least the poison was quick.
UNK: Looks like our killer jimmied that window open.
UNK: Neighbor thought she heard somebody on the fire escape
UNK: Iast night around 8 : 00.
Castle : How was he poisoned?
Lanie : In his water. The filter underneath the kitchen sink was tampered with.
Esposito : Ironically, he works for the city as a safety inspector.
UNK: Mmm. You know, if I were an expert on character, which I am,
Castle : I would say that Alan was a bit of a dreamer.
Castle : Spending his days on the ground, inspecting things,
Castle : but his nights in the clouds, fantasizing of adventure.
Castle : Tragically, his life was cut short before he ever truly lived.
UNK: Man's Voice : Hey, what's going on?
Alan : Or not.
Alan : What are you all doing in my apartment?
Esposito : Um, Lanie?
UNK: Don't "Um, Lanie" me. That man was dead.
UNK: Dr. Rebecca Ellins : Well, he's very much alive now.
Lanie : He had no pulse, no breath sounds, and his pupils were dilated and fixed.
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Was there rigor mortis? Lividity?
Lanie : No, but he'd been dead Iess than an hour.
Beckett : Lanie, hey, is it true that our victim was...
Lanie : He was dead, okay? I know how to do myjob.
Beckett : Okay, calm down. It's all good. I just...
Lanie : No, no, no, it's not all good.
Lanie : I almost stuck a thermometer in his liver.
Beckett : Uh, so, is he stable?
UNK: Dr. Ellins : Well, I'm still running tests, but he seems completely healthy,
UNK: Dr. Ellins : despite having ingested a deadly dose oftetrodotoxin.
Beckett : - Hmm? - TTX. It's a neurotoxin
UNK: found in several species offish.
Lanie : It's extremely potent.
Beckett : And yet he survived. So, do you have an explanation?
UNK: Dr. Ellins : No, but your husband sure does.
Castle : You are a modern-day Lazarus.
Castle : Risen from the grave to answer the eternal question,
Castle : what's on the other side?
Alan : I'm sorry, who are you again?
Beckett : You'll have to forgive him, Mr. Masters. He's very excitable.
Castle : Excuse me if I find pulling back the curtain on what happens when we die
Castle : just a tad exciting.
Castle : Was there a white light? Or was it more of a tunnel thing?
Alan : The last thing I remember, I was taking my pills,
Alan : trying to get my cable fixed.
Alan : And then I woke up to an apartment full of police.
Castle : So no out-of-body experience?
Beckett : Do you have any enemies?
Alan : Me? No. I'm an average guy. I go to work, I come home.
Castle : But you dream of so much more, don't you?
Alan : How do you know that? Did you read my diary?
Castle : No, I saw your pictures on your...
Castle : wait, you keep a diary?
Castle : As a grown man, call it a journal.
Beckett : What about work? Have you upset anyone there recently?
UNK: Yeah, there is this guy that works for me.
UNK: Well, used to work for me.
UNK: Dave Barton, I had to fire him
UNK: because he was letting serious infractions slide with just a warning.
Beckett : Was it for money?
Alan : That was the rumor.
Alan : And he did seem a little miffed when I let him go.
Alan : I'll play you the message that he left me.
UNK: You slimy little maggot,
UNK: I'm gonna stab you with a rusty spoon
UNK: and strangle you with your own intestines.
UNK: Or better yet, I'm gonna force-feed you your toes,
UNK: one by one, and then I'll light you on fire.
UNK: No, first I'm gonna paralyze you with a claw hammer,
UNK: and then cover you with ants, you son of a bitch!
UNK: It goes on and on like that for a while.
Beckett : And you never thought to call the police?
Alan : On Dave? No. He's just got a big personality.