Amber : I exist.
House : No, you don't.
House : I acknowledge my subconscious exists. Now go away.
Amber : Saying it is one thing. Living it is another.
Amber : You're not rational. Not completely.
Foreman : Put the phone on the receiver,
Foreman : send the hookers home and get dressed.
Foreman : We've got a case. I'm taking a personal day.
UNK: 21-year-old star of the New York Ballet collapsed on stage.
House : I love ballet. But as someone may have mentioned,
House : I'm taking a personal day.
Foreman : Cuddy said get your ass in or you're fired.
UNK: She's not going to fire me.
UNK: She's not going to fire you? If you don't go to work?
UNK: Okay. How long, do you figure,
UNK: till I just disappear?
House : Hold on.
Thirteen : No tumors or punctures in the lungs,
Thirteen : no bruising, no sign of trauma, no STDs.
Taub : And supplemental oxygen's only gotten her saturation level to 60.
Taub : Lungs keep collapsing despite a chest tube.
Foreman : ER ruled out the obvious,
Foreman : white count and temp are normal, so no pneumonia.
UNK: The coffee's burnt, Thirteen's wearing cherry-flavored lip gloss.
Amber : Foreman's staring at you. Any of that helpful?
UNK: House.
UNK: STD? We just said the tests were negative.
Foreman : You think we should... No.
Amber : She's a dancer. What about dehydration?
Amber : What about a pulmonary contusion?
Thirteen : CT showed no inflammation on the lungs.
Amber : What about dehydration?
House : BUN and creatinine are elevated but within range.
Amber : Hey. I'm just the irrational part of your brain,
Amber : but elevated means high, right?
Amber : Dehydration could hide an infection.
Amber : Dehydration could hide an infection.
House : Go treat her for the obvious.
House : IV fluids and antibiotics for pneumonia.
Amber : We're like Magic and Kareem.
Wilson : Mr. Pietramala, you have kidney cancer.
Pietramala : Wow. Is that a bad one? I mean, they're all bad, but...
Wilson : The door was closed for a reason.
House : Well, now it's open for a reason. We need to talk.
Pietramala : He just told me I have kidney cancer.
House : Then you'll obviously need a moment to process.
UNK: House.
House : I'm hallucinating.
Wilson : I'm... I'll be right back.
House : I need you to sit in on my differentials, double-check everything I do.
Wilson : You can't treat patients...
House : It's gotta be sleep apnea.
House : I get a good night's sleep, and I still feel exhausted.
House : Lack of delta sleep can lead to hallucinations.
Wilson : Do you have any other neurological symptoms?
House : Don't think so.
UNK: Aphasia? No.
Wilson : Memory loss? No.
UNK: Irritability? Yeah, that one.
Amber : Don't deflect. He cares about you.
Wilson : You shouldn't be practicing. You care about him. Tell him...
UNK: At least until... Enough.