House : Where the hell were you?
Wilson : I do have a practice.
House : Ballerina has toxic epidermal necrolysis.
Wilson : Are you sure?
House : About to be.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
House : I feel guilty.
Wilson : You didn't do anything wrong.
Wilson : You prescribed antibiotics.
Wilson : Any other doctor would have done the exact same thing.
UNK: "Any other doctor"? Words can hurt, you know.
House : I have no reason to feel guilty.
House : It doesn't make any sense.
House : Unless there's something wrong
House : in the limbic area of my brain.
Wilson : Guilt as a symptom?
House : It's consistent with MS.
House : And since the blood tests were negative, I have to apologize.
House : If I feel better, then you're right. I'm just feeling an emotion.
House : If I feel nothing, means my limbic brain is shot.
UNK: I'm Dr. House.
House : Anyone explain to you your status?
Penelope : They found a mass in my liver, cancer.
UNK: They said they think they can treat it.
Jeremy : And that the skin is starting to take.
Penelope : I'll be able to dance again.
UNK: She's half-dead and she's wondering if she'll ever plié again.
Amber : Healthy priorities. Let the mocking begin.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
UNK: I treated you for infection before confirming that you had one.
House : That's why you lost your skin.
House : I know you're in pain. I know that I caused it. I'm sorry.
Amber : Very nice.
Jeremy : Thank you.
UNK: Nothing.
Amber : Maybe you didn't mean it.
House : I meant it.
House : Did you do a liver biopsy to confirm... - Couldn't.
Foreman : The artificial skin was too thin, she'd bleed out.
Foreman : Why were you talking to the patient?
House : I think skinless women are hot.
House : Do a transjugular liver biopsy.
House : If she bleeds, at least it stays in her veins.
Foreman : Did you just check with Wilson again?
UNK: No.
House : I felt nothing. It's MS.
Wilson : Apologies aren't supposed to make you feel better,
Wilson : they're supposed to make the other person feel better.
House : In order to make you feel better.
Wilson : Fine. You want to do an LP to confirm
Wilson : or is guilt enough to start filling prescriptions?
Foreman : Last mass, about a centimeter to your right.
UNK: Problem?
Foreman : Short burst of flutter. We're almost done.
Chase : Entering the right hepatic vein.
Chase : Cameron kept her dead husband's sperm.
Foreman : She doesn't like yours?
Chase : She likes his better.
Chase : Or at least she wants to hang on to it
Chase : in case mine is unfaithful or something.
UNK: Wow.
Chase : Advancing two centimeters.
Foreman : You gotta let her do it.
Amber : If you don't, you'll be stuck with her forever.
Chase : I want to be stuck with her forever.
Foreman : She married a dying guy. She has issues.
Foreman : You cannot leave her. Ever. For any reason.
Foreman : Because then you're not just the guy who left her,
Foreman : you're the guy who killed her kids.
Foreman : That's not a good rhythm. Get out.
Chase : Narrow complex tachycardia. She's gonna crash.
Taub : Liver biopsy was negative for cancer.
Taub : But the procedure sent her heart into A-Fib.
Thirteen : We don't know it was the biopsy that caused the heart problem.