Beckett : using the money from the Gregs-Baker account
Beckett : that you established in the Caymans.
Matthews : Yeah, that's right.
Beckett : You're lying.
Beckett : That account was opened in Belize, not the Caymans.
Castle : But you wouldn't know that because you aren't the one who opened it.
Castle : Where's Jerry Tyson?
UNK: Uh, he's dead, is my understanding.
UNK: So then why did you do all of this to steal the 3XK files?
Castle : Why would you use the same motel,
Castle : the same room where Jerry Tyson escaped police custody?
Matthews : Someone recommended it. Plus, it had free Wi-Fi.
Matthews : I'll confess to my kills. No more and no less.
Matthews : I recall every one of them in the clearest detail.
Matthews : All those memories.
UNK: And me, I won't be in a prison cell.
Matthews : I'll be living here.
UNK: Uh, I need a good pen and a pad of paper.
UNK: Uh, several pads, in fact.
Matthews : I know you think you've got this all figured out,
Matthews : but you don't.
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: What did he say about Jerry Tyson?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Hmm.
Gates : The theft of those files was a major security breach.
Gates : Be aware that the department is eager to put that behind them.
Gates : It's an embarrassment.
Beckett : Sir, if a detective were to suggest that Tyson,
Beckett : a man that the department's already declared dead, might still be alive...
Gates : An even bigger embarrassment.
UNK: So if you're gonna make that claim,
Gates : make damn sure you can back it up.
Beckett : I will keep that in mind, sir.
Castle : What was that about?
Beckett : That if Tyson is alive, the NYPD doesn't wanna know about it.
Castle : And what about you? You think he's back?
UNK: Castle, people don't just rise from the dead.
Beckett : So I'm still looking at other explanations.
Beckett : But if he is out there, we have to find him.
UNK: We're not gonna get any more out of Carl Matthews.
Castle : So, where do we start?
Ryan : Guys, I think I found something in those prison records that got sent over.
Ryan : Do you remember, right before he was released from prison,
Ryan : Tyson got beat up by some inmates?
Beckett : Yeah, that's why we pulled him out of there.
Beckett : We thought his life was in danger,
Beckett : but it turns out he just staged the whole thing.
Ryan : Right, but the beat down was real. He got sent to the infirmary.
Ryan : Look who was attending him.
CASTLE : Dr. Kelly Nieman?
Ryan : She volunteered as a prison doc.
Ryan : More importantly, she started there the week Tyson arrived,
UNK: and she quit the day he was released.
Castle : She knew him from before.
Castle : She took that job to be close to him. She's gotta be Tyson's girlfriend.
Beckett : He taught her everything he knew. Get her back here.
Ryan : She's not answering her cell, and she's not at her apartment either.
UNK: Damn it!
Esposito : This explains why you couldn't reach her. She bolted.
Ryan : And if Tyson's in this, he did, too.
UNK: It seems like only yesterday this place was a thriving medical practice.
Castle : It was yesterday.
Beckett : We still gotta clear the place.
UNK: Beckett?
Beckett : What is it?
UNK: - BECKETT : Okay, all right. Thanks. - CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : So all of the electronic records from the 3XK cases were deleted, too.
Beckett : Not only that,
UNK: but it looks like our victims took evidence and files
UNK: from 26 other unsolved murders.
Castle : More murders committed by Tyson?
Beckett : Or Kelly Nieman.
Beckett : I don't know, Castle, I'm starting to think she'd be capable of it, too.
Castle : Tyson sure did pick the right woman.
Castle : Plus, she can change his appearance. Maybe she already has.
Beckett : You're still assuming that he's alive.
Castle : Aren't you?
Castle : He must be. Otherwise why orchestrate all this to steal the files?
Beckett : Well, maybe she just wanted to keep his memory alive.
Beckett : Or his legacy.
Castle : That makes her just as dangerous as he is.
Castle : And she's still out there somewhere, with Jerry Tyson or without him.
UNK: SLOW SONG PLAYING