UNK: MAN COUGHING
UNK: Thanks. Front desk says he's in Room 47.
Castle : That's the same room Tyson was in.
UNK: Yeah.
ESPOSITO : There's his car.
Esposito : Light's out in Room 47.
Beckett : Listen, Castle, we don't know what's waiting for us up there.
Beckett : You stay here, okay?
Castle : You be careful.
Beckett : Let's go.
UNK: Swat Team Member : - Police! - NYPD!
UNK: RAPID FOOTSTEPS APPROACH
UNK: GRUNTS
Castle : Where is 3XK? Where is he?
Gates : How are you, Detective?
Esposito : Depends on how things go down with Carl Matthews.
UNK: FOOTSTEPS APPROACH
Gates : I'll give you two the room.
UNK: WHISPERS Sir.
Lanie : What kind of twisted bastard murders two people for some files?
Esposito : That kind.
Lanie : Do we have proof that he killed them?
Castle : Not enough.
UNK: So what's gonna happen?
UNK: We make him think that our case is stronger than it really is.
Esposito : Get him to confess. That's our only play.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
UNK: Carl Matthews : You broke three of my ribs.
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry. I was going for double digits.
Beckett : We need to have a candid conversation about your future, Carl.
CASTLE : Or lack thereof.
Beckett : We found a steel fishing line in that backpack you were carrying.
Castle : Here's a fun fact.
UNK: Did you know that when you cut a wire, it leaves microscopic impressions,
Castle : unique microscopic impressions, in the metal?
UNK: That's how we knew the wire in the pack
Beckett : came from the same spool that you used to hang Daniel Santos.
CASTLE : We can also connect you to the murder of Pam Hodges.
Castle : Same wire, same cutting tool.
Beckett : And to the murders in Florida.
Castle : Oh, yes, where your fondness for fishing line was once again on display.
Castle : But I think by this point in the trial, the jurors will have heard enough.
Matthews : Sounds like a lot of sticks and no carrots.
Beckett : Confess to all the murders, Carl,
Beckett : and Florida will take the death penalty off the table.
UNK: That's the best you're gonna get.
Beckett : I'm giving you life.
CASTLE : Which is more than you ever gave your victims.
UNK: EXHALES DEEPLY
UNK: CLICKS TONGUE
UNK: All right. I've had a good run.
Beckett : How many are there?
Matthews : Way north of four, if that's what you're asking.
UNK: Tell me about Pam Hodges.
Matthews : She was a fighter.
Matthews : And the look on her face, she wanted to live so bad.
Matthews : I stood her on a shipping pallet and then pulled it away.
UNK: And her feet were just off the ground.
Matthews : I remember the toes of her shoes scuffing the wood.
Matthews : All panicky and fast at first.
Matthews : And then slower.
Matthews : And then not at all.
Beckett : And what about Daniel Santos?
Matthews : With Daniel, I used the reel.
Matthews : So, with each click, I drew in a quarter-inch of line.
Matthews : It got tighter, and then lifted him bit by bit.
Matthews : Every time I hear a click, I'm right back with him.
UNK: How long do you think it's gonna take
Lanie : before we stop thinking about what he's done?
UNK: Till we stop looking at each other
Lanie : and seeing two dead people?
Beckett : I don't know.
Castle : You killed them both for Jerry Tyson.
UNK: Oh, I admire his work, but no. I'm my own man.
Beckett : And as your own man,
Beckett : you groomed them, paid for Pam's apartment,