Lanie : Well, whoever he is, he's a freak. He made Daniel Santos suffer.
Lanie : Look at the bleeding underneath the skin.
Lanie : That wire bit into his neck for hours before he died.
UNK: The killer used that fishing reel to kill him slowly.
UNK: So who is he gonna go after now?
Lanie : You and me?
Lanie : Some version of Ryan and Beckett? What if this is just the beginning?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: It'll be okay, I promise. I won't let anything happen to you.
Lanie : Yeah? What if something happens to you?
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : Dude, we're having a moment here.
Ryan : Sorry. I found the strip club where Santos worked.
Ryan : They had a home address for him in Queens.
RYAN : So how you doing, man?
Epsosito : I'm fine. How are you?
Ryan : It's big, what you're dealing with.
UNK: I just wanna put it out there that I'm here for you.
Esposito : Good to know, man.
Ryan : The point is, sometimes talking about it helps.
Esposito : So what, you want me to share my feelings now?
Ryan : It's what a lot of people would do.
Esposito : All right, fine.
UNK: I wanna find this piece of garbage, string him up, and see how he likes it.
Esposito : There. I shared a feeling. Happy now?
Ryan : See? Don't you feel better?
UNK: Ryan...
UNK: All right. Super said that Daniel Santos hasn't been around here much lately.
WOMAN : Oh, my God.
UNK: Daniel?
Esposito : No. No, actually, uh, Detective Javier Esposito. NYPD.
UNK: Oh. CHUCKLES
Theresa : It's like seeing a ghost. You look so much like him.
Esposito : Yeah. Um, so you knew Daniel?
UNK: Not as much as I wanted to, but a little. SNIFFLES
Theresa : Enough to know that he was better than what he did for a living.
UNK: We heard he quit that job for some big-time gig.
UNK: Do you have any idea what it was?
Theresa : He said he couldn't talk about it.
UNK: - Did people come visit him here? - CHUCKLES
Theresa : People didn't visit Daniel. It was more like the other way around.
Esposito : Meaning what?
UNK: I'd see him leave here and a limo would be waiting out front.
Ryan : Was this recently?
UNK: Yeah.
Theresa : One picked him up two nights ago.
Ryan : The same night he was killed.
Ryan : Do you remember what that vehicle looked like?
Theresa : It was black. I mean, it was just a regular Town Car.
Theresa : But there was blue around the license plate.
Esposito : Wait a minute. Do you mean blue neon?
Theresa : Yeah, that was it.
Esposito : Blue neon license plate frames.
Esposito : That's the trademark of Blue Moon Limos.
Beckett : That was the manager at the Blue Moon.
UNK: He said the limo dropped Daniel Santos off
Beckett : at the apartment of the person who ordered it.
Castle : Well, whoever it is is probably our killer. Did he give you a name?
Beckett : Yeah. Dr. Kelly Nieman.
Castle : Well, I would say she has amazing potential.
Castle : As a murderer.
UNK: Well?
Beckett : The doorman at her building confirms that Santos visited two nights ago.
CASTLE : And not for the first time.
Castle : He said Santos was a frequent overnight guest of the good doctor.
Beckett : Which directly connects her to both of our victims.
Gates : So are we to believe that Kelly Nieman overpowered Santos,
Gates : a young man in his prime?
UNK: Oh, she was more than capable. According to her bio,
UNK: she has a black belt in both tae Kwon do and jiu jitsu.
BECKETT : She also has boating experience and grew up in Florida.
Beckett : In fact, she was in Miami at a conference
Beckett : at the time of the other two murders.
Gates : Do we have any hard evidence linking her to these murders?
Beckett : It's been clear from the beginning that our killer is very careful.
UNK: So, the answer's no.
UNK: SIGHS
Gates : This entire case is circumstantial.
UNK: Which means you're gonna need to break her.
UNK: And you got one shot.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Dr. Nieman, thank you for coming in.
Nieman : Was I offered a choice?
UNK: I wanted to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about your relationship with Daniel Santos.
Nieman : I no longer have one.
Beckett : So you are aware that he's dead.
Nieman : I watch the news.
Beckett : You don't seem terribly upset by it.
UNK: Well, I suppose I could fake it. Or lie.
UNK: But that's just as tedious for you as it is for me.
Nieman : It was purely physical with us.
Nieman : You really are a beautiful woman.
Nieman : But not perfect.
Nieman : I could fix you.
Beckett : Where did you go after he came to your apartment?
UNK: Hmm. We stayed in.
Beckett : You didn't go by a marina?
Nieman : I don't have a boat.
Beckett : And yet his body was found on one.
Beckett : And prior to that, he was at your apartment.
Nieman : Yes, but then he left my place.
UNK: When?
UNK: Around 10 : 00.
Beckett : Daniel Santos spent his last day with you.
Beckett : Pam Hodges was a patient of yours.
Beckett : They're both murdered,
UNK: and the only person that they have in common is you.