Beckett : Now, in 2010, he went off the grid,
Beckett : and then he resurfaced about a year ago in New York
Beckett : when he took a job at the docks.
Gates : What's your next move?
Beckett : We've got an alert out on Matthews and his car,
Beckett : but our best bet is to get in contact with his family,
Beckett : his friends, co-workers, ex-wives.
Beckett : Someone in his life has to know
Beckett : where he is and what his next move might be.
Castle : Any news?
Beckett : No, not yet. But we'll find him.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Castle : Carl Matthews is wrong. He doesn't fit the story.
Beckett : How doesn't he fit?
UNK: In Florida, he's basically a beach bum. Here, he's a security guard.
Castle : How does a guy like that pull this off?
UNK: Maybe he just SIGHS reads more intelligent than he is on paper.
Castle : What about the money?
Castle : Enough to put up Pam Hodges and for surgery?
Beckett : He robbed a bank, or he was dealing drugs.
Beckett : I don't know. You know, he fell off the grid after he left Florida.
Castle : Speaking of which, he's in Florida. He's off the grid.
Castle : He's never been arrested.
Castle : Why the fixation with Lanie and Esposito?
UNK: I don't have all of the answers, Castle. Not right now, at least.
UNK: But all of the evidence is pointing to Matthews.
Castle : I agree with you. I just don't think he's working alone.
Castle : I think he has a partner.
Beckett : Like who? Dr. Nieman?
UNK: No.
Castle : Someone we've dealt with before.
BECKETT : 3XK?
Beckett : 3XK is dead.
Castle : Is he? And what if we find Carl Matthews' name in his case files?
Beckett : Jerry Tyson fell off that bridge. It was a 100-foot drop into the water.
Castle : Was his body ever found?
Beckett : Nobody could survive that fall.
Castle : Jerry Tyson could.
Beckett : Castle, listen to yourself.
Beckett : There's not a shred of evidence that Tyson is alive, let alone involved in this.
Castle : Tyson doesn't leave evidence, not unless he wants us to find it.
Castle : Like that deleted photo.
Castle : No evidence plus meticulous planning, that's vintage 3XK.
Castle : And this case has it in spades.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: And you wanna know some other 3XK classics?
Castle : Using people that look like other people.
Castle : Using a killer to act on his behalf. Beckett, how can you not see it?
UNK: What I see is the guilt that you feel.
Castle : This isn't about me.
Beckett : Look, when Tyson escaped, he outsmarted all of us.
Beckett : But you've always blamed yourself.
Castle : Because I'm to blame.
Castle : It's him. It's Jerry Tyson.
Beckett : Don't chase ghosts, Castle, okay? It's not worth it, trust me.
WOMAN : Detective!
UNK: File Clerk : Looks like the 3XK files are gone!
Beckett : What do you mean they're gone?
Castle : All of them? How?
UNK: Somebody must've signed them out.
UNK: Who?
Esposito : Well, let me know if you can think of anything else, all right? Thanks.
Beckett : Where are the 3XK files?
Esposito : What are you talking about?
Esposito : What are you talking about? Your name is on the signature sheet.
Esposito : No, it's not.
Castle : - Yeah, from three days ago. - You checked those files out.
Esposito : I didn't check out any files! Somebody messed up.
UNK: WHISPERS Oh, my God.
UNK: Someone wanna tell us what the hell is going on?
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : That was the head of the ME's office.
Beckett : Reports, lab work, DNA, tissue samples
Beckett : of every suspected 3XK victim
UNK: were checked out. By Lanie.
Esposito : Only not the real Lanie.
Ryan : Are you saying the son of a bitch is back?
Castle : That explains the look-alikes.
Esposito : And why Santos tried to sound like me.
Castle : It's not enough that Jerry Tyson disappeared.
Castle : He wanted his murders to disappear, too.
Castle : And it's not just evidence, it's his MOs,
Castle : victim preferences,
Castle : all the hundreds of tiny case details that could reveal psychology
Castle : as to where he is, where he might be going next.
Castle : It's all gone,
Castle : like he's got a clean slate.
Beckett : Maybe not completely clean.
Beckett : Call the prison where Tyson did time.
Beckett : Have them secure his records before they disappear, too.
Beckett : And then have them send us the copies.
Ryan : Oh, I'm all over it.
Gates : A cruiser just spotted Matthews' car at the Starburst Motel in Queens.
Castle : That's the same motel where we put up Jerry Tyson.