Beckett : Now you don't expect me to believe that that's a coincidence, do you?
Nieman : It's not a coincidence at all. Daniel referred Pam to me as a patient.
Beckett : So they knew each other? We don't have any evidence of that.
Nieman : Well, I'm sure you'll find some if you keep looking.
UNK: When Pam came in, she said that he'd recommended her to me.
Nieman : Let me ask you something.
Nieman : Has it occurred to you that I'm being set up here?
Beckett : Set up by whom?
UNK: Maybe whoever did this knew of my connection to Daniel and Pam.
Nieman : Maybe this was part of their plan to waste your time and mine.
Beckett : I doubt that.
Nieman : You'll never prove that I was at those docks. Or some marina.
Nieman : Because I wasn't.
Nieman : Besides, what possible motive would I have for killing anyone?
Nieman : I've dated lawyers.
Nieman : I know that if you don't charge me, I can leave.
Nieman : No hard feelings, Detective.
Nieman : We're both professionals. You're just doing your job.
Nieman : You seek justice and I seek perfection.
UNK: In fact, whenever you're ready to take this to the next level,
UNK: WHISPERS you come see me.
UNK: DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES
UNK: I got nothing, Castle.
Beckett : I can't even tie her to the Florida murders
UNK: other than the fact that she was in the area when they occurred.
Castle : Can I say something that'll probably annoy you?
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Since when do you ask for permission?
UNK: Touché.
Castle : What if Dr. Nieman isn't our killer?
Beckett : Castle, you saw her in there. She was toying with me.
Beckett : She's involved in this. I can feel it.
Castle : I admit, she's not warm and cuddly, but that doesn't make her guilty.
Beckett : How can you, of all people, buy her story?
Castle : Because at this point, it makes more sense than ours does.
UNK: Just consider this.
Castle : All along, this killer has been one step ahead of us.
Castle : No evidence, no witnesses, phantom corporations.
UNK: He, or she, has us chasing our tails.
Castle : So why, suddenly, does this same person order a limo
Castle : placing her with Santos the night he died?
Castle : Rookie mistake.
UNK: Or maybe it's not a mistake at all.
Beckett : Maybe Kelly Nieman is playing a much deeper game.
Beckett : Maybe she's so confident that we can't tie her to these murders
Beckett : that she's letting the trail lead straight back to her.
UNK: Um... That's looking pretty unlikely.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Her alibi's ironclad. She's no good for either of the murders.
Ryan : But we might have found somebody who is.
UNK: MUFFLED Told you.
TORY : This is from a traffic cam a block from Kelly Nieman's apartment.
Beckett : That's Daniel Santos.
UNK: And the time code is 10 : 07, so Kelly was telling the truth.
UNK: He did leave around 10 : 00.
Ryan : Yeah, now watch this.
Beckett : Can we get a closer look at the driver?
Tori : No, this is our only angle.
Castle : Well, whoever he is, Santos knows him.
UNK: - And we tried running the plate, - BEEPS
UNK: But it was stolen off another car, so no good there.
UNK: But Tory noticed the decal on the back window.
TORY : It's a parking pass.
Beckett : For Coral Way Marina in Miami.
Castle : So, whoever he is, he could be connected to our Florida murders.
UNK: We called the marina.
Ryan : Even though the parking pass is expired,
Ryan : they were able to tell us who it was issued to.
Ryan : One Carl Matthews.
Castle : And who is Carl Matthews?
Ryan : - Show us the DMV photo, please. - BEEPS
Ryan : Recognize him now?
UNK: BEEPS
UNK: That's the security guard from the dock.
BECKETT : We now believe that Carl Matthews
UNK: killed both Daniel Santos and Pam Hodges.
Esposito : That security mook that found her? Well, how did we let him slip away?
Ryan : Matthews didn't have a record, and nothing on him popped.
Ryan : Now, the day after Matthews "found" Pam Hodges dead,
Ryan : he quit his job saying he was too upset to work.
Ryan : Now he's in the wind.
Esposito : I bet this scumbag did the Florida murders, too.
Beckett : It looks that way. He crewed fishing charters in Florida,
Beckett : which means he knows his way around boats.