UNK: Calvin Hodges : Yes, Pam's my niece.
UNK: She stayed at my place for a few weeks when she moved to the city.
UNK: Do you know why she came to town, Mr. Hodges?
Calvin : Well, she said she needed a fresh start. And she had a job offer.
Ryan : Doing what?
Calvin : I was afraid Pam would start working the streets again.
Calvin : She burned a lot of bridges by telling the family she would go straight
Calvin : and never doing it.
Calvin : But this time was different.
Calvin : Pam moved out of my house when she said she would.
Calvin : She started working a job.
Calvin : A few months back I met her for lunch,
Calvin : and I almost didn't recognize her, she looked so good.
UNK: I mean, Pam was happy.
Calvin : She said this new job was just what she needed.
Ryan : What do you know about this job? Where did she work?
Calvin : She wouldn't talk about it much.
Calvin : Except to say that it was legit, and that she was being taken care of.
UNK: Do you know where she moved to after she left your place?
UNK: Well, she and I shared a cab that day,
Calvin : and it dropped her off at a building off the West Side Highway.
UNK: Well, I'll tell you this,
Calvin : Pam took a big step up.
UNK: SCOFFS A big step up? This is a giant leap.
UNK: This is a vault into the stratosphere.
Beckett : How does a former streetwalker from Tampa afford a place like this?
Castle : She ever get any visitors?
UNK: Possible that she, uh, worked out of the home?
Graham : No, sir. That is not possible.
Beckett : Well, then who paid for rent?
Graham : Detective, we have a well-earned reputation for discretion
Graham : and guarding the privacy of our clients.
Beckett : Privacy ends when murder begins.
Beckett : Now, I want the name of whoever is paying for this unit.
Beckett : And if you don't have that, then go get it.
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : - I love when you get angry. - SIGHS
Castle : I mean, at other people, besides me.
Beckett : Castle, look at these coats.
UNK: There's at least 20 grand hanging here.
Castle : So, whoever was paying her rent bought her wardrobe, too.
Beckett : These coats, this insane place, her history as a hooker,
Beckett : and now this job where she's well taken care of?
Castle : All points to one thing.
Beckett : She was someone's mistress.
Castle : And her sugar daddy hasn't come forward, or reported her missing.
Castle : At the very least, he knows about her life.
Castle : At the very most, he's the one who took it.
Beckett : If Pam was a kept woman, then he's been to this apartment.
UNK: I'm gonna get a hold of CSU, have them sweep for prints
Beckett : so we can find out who's been here.
Castle : While we're at it, we should take a look and see what's on this.
UNK: She might've taken a picture of him.
UNK: - KEYBOARD CLACKING - TORY : It doesn't look like she did.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : These are mostly standard tourist snapshots of New York.
Castle : No pictures of people, friends, boyfriends?
Tori : I haven't found any so far.
BECKETT : Keep looking, okay?
UNK: And check the faces in the background. See if any of them show up again.
Beckett : Those photos might be our best bet.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I take it this means we hit a wall on who rents the apartment?
Beckett : The lease is held and paid for by Gregs-Baker,
Beckett : which is a shell corporation based out of Belize,
Beckett : and it was set up in such a way as to make it untraceable.
UNK: All right. Well, what about phone records and credit cards?
Castle : They must point to who Pam Hodges was spending time with.
Beckett : She barely used her phone.
Beckett : And even though she racked up huge credit card bills,
Beckett : it was mostly for shoes and clothes and hair salons.
Beckett : And it was paid for monthly by Gregs-Baker.
Castle : Well, what did CSU find at her apartment?
Beckett : Her prints. No one else's.
Castle : - What the hell is going on here? - I don't know.
UNK: - CELL PHONE BUZZING - But someone is doing
Beckett : an incredible job of covering their tracks.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie.
Lanie : Kate, I need you to get down here.
Beckett : Okay. We're on our way.
Lanie : Not Castle. Just you.