UNK: It's me.
GATES : Our victim is Daniel Santos.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Like Pam Hodges, he was hung with fishing line.
UNK: Although Santos shows no signs of cosmetic surgery,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : this killer, for reasons unknown,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : has clearly selected two victims
UNK: who bear a deliberate resemblance to members of our own police family.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Now what did the crime scene give us?
Esposito : Well, there's no prints or trace evidence.
Esposito : All we know is that the rig Santos was hung from
Esposito : was built from standard hardware store pipe.
Esposito : And that the fishing reel that fed the line
Esposito : was bought from a bait shop in North Carolina in 2005.
Gates : Where are we on the owner of the boat?
Ryan : Rudy Hollings. He's been in Spain for a year.
UNK: He said he had no idea who would've used his boat to commit a murder.
UNK: So somebody could've been aware of his travel plans.
Castle : It's also possible, if the killer knew boats, uh,
Castle : they were looking for telltale signs the boat wasn't in use.
Beckett : Yeah, that's probably why he picked it, sir.
Beckett : He knew he could kill Daniel Santos undisturbed.
UNK: Well, what do we know about Mr. Santos?
Beckett : He moved here from Georgia about a year ago, uh...
Beckett : I'm still trying to find a current address. I did speak with his parents.
UNK: They told me that he worked as a male stripper.
Beckett : Three months ago,
Beckett : he called his parents to tell them that he quit stripping
UNK: and he had landed a big-time gig.
Gates : Did they know what this gig was?
Beckett : No. He was vague, just like Pam Hodges.
Gates : Okay. So, I need you, Detective Esposito, and Dr. Parish
Gates : to go over all the cases that you worked together.
Gates : See if anyone connected to them presents as a suspect.
Esposito : Yes, sir.
Gates : For the sake of these victims, and our own people,
Gates : find this killer.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
Castle : I still don't get it.
Castle : Why would someone kill clones of Esposito and Lanie?
UNK: I mean, is it some kind of warning?
Beckett : Maybe if we dig deeper into Daniel Santos' life, we'll figure it out.
UNK: I think I've got a lead as to what he was up to.
Beckett : According to his prepaid debit card records,
Beckett : he bought a latte at the same Midtown building
Beckett : every Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoon.
UNK: As if he was keeping some kind of regular appointment?
Castle : He did.
Beckett : According to the doorman, he was meeting with a Dr. LAN Fuller.
UNK: He's some kind of a therapist.
UNK: Dr. Ian Fuller : Actually, I'm a speech therapist. I specialize in accent reduction.
Beckett : So Daniel was from Georgia.
Beckett : Was he trying to get rid of his Southern accent?
Fuller : Oh, more than that. He wanted to change his entire speech pattern.
Castle : To what end?
Fuller : He didn't say,
Fuller : but he was very determined and very specific about his goals.
UNK: He even brought in an audio file of how he wanted to sound.
Beckett : - Do you have the file? - Yeah, I have it right here.
Fuller : Let me just, uh, pull it up.
UNK: TABLET BEEPS
ESPOSITO : That's true.
UNK: For example, I'm former military, which makes me a expert marksman.
UNK: I'm usually first through the door.
Beckett : That's Esposito.
UNK: But I'm definitely the physical one.
Castle : That's from the documentary we shot right here at the precinct.
Castle : Santos wasn't just a look-alike. He was a sound-alike.
UNK: BEEPS
ESPOSITO : His face, the way he cut his hair,
UNK: and now he was trying to talk like me, too?
Esposito : What kind of sicko is doing this?
Lanie : I went through every case we worked on. Nothing jumped out.
UNK: Yeah. Not for me, either.
UNK: But it's gotta be... It's gotta be something personal.
Esposito : It's gotta be someone who knows about our relationship.