Beckett : Hey. What's going on?
Lanie : Pam Hodges recently had cheek implants put in.
Lanie : It made her face broader, like mine.
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : Her hair products, her lipstick, her nail polish,
Lanie : they're all the same as the ones I use.
Beckett : Lanie, you're just picking up on things that are similar with the victim.
Lanie : That's what I kept telling myself. Then I found this.
Beckett : Okay. All right. I've seen this before. It means "inner strength."
Lanie : I know what it means, Kate. Look.
Lanie : I have the same exact tattoo in the same place.
Beckett : How is that even possible?
Lanie : It's no accident we could be twins.
Lanie : Somebody went out of their way to make her look like me.
ESPOSITO : Wait a minute.
Esposito : So you're saying that Pam Hodges was trying to look like Lanie?
Beckett : Given the tattoo and the surgery, I just don't see another explanation.
Ryan : Yeah, but why would she do that?
CASTLE : Because her sugar daddy wanted her to.
Castle : Maybe he found her down in Tampa, shipped her up here,
Castle : set her up in style.
UNK: I mean, to a streetwalker, that'd seem like the greatest gig ever.
Castle : All she'd have to do is let him remake her into Lanie.
Ryan : Yeah, like Jimmy Stewart in Vertigo. Thanks, L.T.
Esposito : Yeah, but even more twisted.
Esposito : So this guy has to know Lanie.
Beckett : Only she doesn't seem to know him.
Beckett : But she's still coming in to give us a statement.
Beckett : Now, what about the staff in Pam's building?
Beckett : Did they give us any more details?
Esposito : No, none of them remember seeing any guys coming to see her.
Beckett : You know, there might be another way for us to trace this guy.
Beckett : The cheek implants have serial numbers.
Beckett : Maybe that'll lead us to Pam's surgeon.
Ryan : There might be another reason her sugar daddy's laying low.
Ryan : FBI database shows two other victims
Ryan : strangled with metal fishing line and their bodies staged.
Ryan : One in Miami, one in Fort Lauderdale. Both unsolved, no suspects.
Castle : Well, our victim's from Florida. Maybe he knew her from there.
Beckett : Order the homicide files. Check 'em against our case.
Beckett : In the meantime, canvass the stores and the salons Pam went to.
Beckett : Maybe she confided in someone,
UNK: or someone might've seen her with this guy.
UNK: Let's do it.
CASTLE : An ME investigates the murder of her own doppelganger.
Castle : It'd be a great story, if Lanie weren't living it.
Beckett : There's something that we're missing here, Castle.
Beckett : Two similar murders in Florida. Our victim also from Florida.
Beckett : But then there's this whole Lanie and her look-alike angle.
Beckett : How does that fit in?
Castle : I have no idea.
Ryan : Hey. We got a hit on those cheek implants.
Ryan : They were traced to a Manhattan cosmetic surgeon.
UNK: A Dr. Kelly Nieman.
Castle : Well, I, for one, am very interested in what Dr. Nieman has to say.
RYAN : In the meantime, Lanie wants to give her statement to Esposito.
ESPOSITO : You're not a perp, Lanie.
Esposito : Doesn't seem right, us talking in here like this.
Lanie : I wanted to be somewhere private, so let's get on with this, okay?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Um...
Esposito : So, can you think of anyone who would do a thing like this?
UNK: No.
UNK: SIGHS
Esposito : Who've you been with in the last six months?
Esposito : Besides me, I mean. I know we're not exclusive.
Beckett : No one.
Esposito : I need the truth, whatever it is.
Lanie : I'm telling you the truth.
UNK: Then how did they know about the tattoo?
Esposito : You've only had it three months, right? No one can see it unless you're naked.
UNK: Well, did you happen to mention it to anyone?
Esposito : Of course not.
Lanie : You are the only person I ever showed it to.
UNK: STAMMERING Wait. Still, something's not right.
Esposito : This doesn't make sense.
Esposito : Come on, Lanie.
Esposito : Think. Someone got close to you.
Esposito : Someone saw that tattoo.
Esposito : Now, who was it?
UNK: GASPS Oh, my God.
UNK: What?
Lanie : I had a weird night two months back.
Esposito : Weird how?
Lanie : Someone at work got promoted,
Lanie : and a bunch of us hit a nightclub to celebrate.
Lanie : And some hot jazz was going, so I stayed late.
Lanie : When I woke up the next day, I couldn't remember how I got home.
UNK: Whoa, whoa. Since when do you go busting your two-drink limit?
Lanie : I don't. And I didn't that night, either.
Lanie : What if this is when it happened?
Lanie : What if he put something in my drink and took me to my place
Lanie : and all of this started because of me?
Ryan : I got your message. What'd you find?
Tori : Nothing in Pam's pictures,
Tori : but I scanned the camera's memory card
Tori : and I recovered a deleted picture file.
UNK: BEEPS
Ryan : That's our victim. When was this taken?
Tori : Based on the JPEG data, yesterday afternoon.