Castle : Is there a brokerage firm of some kind there?
UNK: "Trueway Insurance, Chromo Diagnostic Lab Systems,
UNK: "Branby Financial Group."
UNK: That would be where the check came from, if Talbot was telling the truth.
UNK: I've got a feeling he wasn't even telling the truth about the affair with Eliska.
Castle : - He's hiding something. - The answer is in here.
Castle : How long before the warrant comes through and we can open it?
UNK: A couple of hours, at least.
Beckett : Hey, did you find the mom who filed the complaint?
Esposito : Found her, talked to her.
Ryan : It all went down pretty much the way the incident report said.
UNK: Turns out the reason that the mom first noticed our vic hanging around
UNK: the playground was that she said she looked kind of familiar.
Ryan : As it happens, they were both in the same post-delivery ward in the hospital.
Espositio : Yeah. Both babies were born on the same day, you believe that?
Espositio : Both boys, too.
Castle : Did she happen to mention what hospital?
Esposito : Yeah, Bryant General, why?
Castle : Bryant General, where Talbot works.
UNK: - What are you onto, Castle? - I'm not sure, but I wonder...
UNK: If we look into it, we're gonna find that the Talbot boy
UNK: was born at Bryant General on the same day as well.
UNK: Would you check that for me?
UNK: Did you say that there was a lab at that office?
UNK: Yeah. Chromo Diagnostic Lab Systems.
Castle : I think I know what's in that envelope.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I'm sorry, I'm confused.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : We want to help you in any way that we can,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : but like we already told you, we barely knew the woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : She'd only been working in the building a few months.
UNK: As it turns out, your paths crossed long before you realized.
UNK: Eliska Sokol had a son who was born in the same hospital
UNK: on the same day as your boy, Zane.
Castle : He passed away three years ago. He died of Niemann-Pick syndrome.
Castle : It's a rare congenital disorder.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Oh, my God. That poor woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : That's probably why she was so attentive to Zane,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : they were the same age.
Beckett : Actually, we think there was more to it than that.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : How so?
Castle : The incident with the candy that you told us about...
UNK: We think she gave that to him to distract him,
Castle : so she could swab his mouth.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Swab his mouth? What for?
Beckett : She was trying to get a DNA test done.
UNK: Why would she... I mean, I don't...
Beckett : We got a warrant for Eliska's mail.
Beckett : Just before she was killed,
UNK: she sent two mouth swabs to a mail-order lab in New Jersey.
Castle : One of them was your son's. The other was hers.
UNK: These are the results.
UNK: I'm sorry, Melissa. I'm so sorry.
UNK: When the amnio came back, I just didn't know how to tell you.
UNK: And I knew you'd just see it through no matter what the test said.
UNK: And I thought I'd just put it off and deal with it after the baby was born.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Cameron, I don't understand what you're saying.
UNK: Niemann-Pick. Our baby had Niemann-Pick.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : No. Zane is fine. What are you talking about?
UNK: There's no treatment, it's always fatal.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Usually by age three.
UNK: I don't even think it crossed my mind that I could get away with it
UNK: Dr. Talbot : until I was in the nursery, checking on the baby.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : You were still in recovery. And there they were, side by side in their cribs.
UNK: I just thought, "How hard would it be?
UNK: "No one would suspect. They all know me around here,
UNK: "they see me practically every day. I can change the charts later.
UNK: "Right now I just have to switch the tags
UNK: "and pick him up and bring him to you in the room
UNK: "and everything would be all right.
UNK: "He'd be ours and you'd never have to know."
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Cameron, please tell me you didn't kill that woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Please, God, tell me you didn't kill that woman.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : I couldn't let her destroy our lives. I couldn't let her take him away.
UNK: What am I gonna do?
UNK: Please, someone, tell me. What am I supposed to do?
Beckett : After Talbot dumped Eliska's body,
Beckett : he grabbed her keys and went back to her apartment
Beckett : to get rid of anything else that connected the two of them.
Beckett : That's when he found the paperwork for the lab.
UNK: - Nice detective work, you two. - Actually, sir,
Beckett : it's Eliska Sokol who deserves the credit for the detective work.
Castle : The way we figure it, she got the job on the hospital cleaning crew
Castle : solely to get access to the birth records.
Castle : She made it her mission to find out the truth.
UNK: Even if it cost her her life? Seems so pointless, somehow.
Beckett : Maybe not.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: - My hands, they're shaking. It'll be okay.
UNK: We told Mrs. Talbot that you have no intention of taking Zane away.
UNK: She knows you just want to be a part of his life.
UNK: - Hello. - Mrs. Talbot.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Please, call me Melissa.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Won't you come in?