UNK: This is gonna weird you out a little bit,
UNK: but check this out.
UNK: I mean, it just seems like I seem to bend the space-time continuum.
UNK: Castle showing Karpowski His Russian Matryoshka Dolls This Is Going To Weird You Out A Little Bit, But Check This Out : Look, just when you think there can't be another one...
UNK: - What is he doing? - We hit about a dozen little shops
Beckett : trying to find that candy wrapper,
Beckett : and he insisted on buying something in every shop.
Beckett : - In every shop? - No wrapper, though.
UNK: Well, something tells me if he decides to put the great candy wrapper hunt
Montgomery : in his next book, he'll give it a happier ending.
UNK: Wait, sir, sir, "next book"?
Beckett : Is he writing another Nikki Heat novel? The deal was for one book.
Beckett : - I assumed that... - You were off the hook?
Montgomery : You know how the mayor feels about Castle.
Montgomery : If the man is gonna write another book about you...
Beckett : I am not Nikki Heat, sir.
UNK: Yeah, well, His Honor expects your cooperation either way.
UNK: Yo. Found your candy.
Castle : You found it? Get out of town.
Esposito : - Little grocery on 47th and 9th. - Yep.
Paula : I told you we should've checked the west end.
Ryan : Owner recognized our vic's picture.
Ryan : Said she'd come by every couple of weeks
Ryan : - to stock up on stuff from back home. Mmm.
UNK: Kind of tastes like soap. I like it.
Beckett : Did he give you a name?
Esposito : No, but he did point us to where he thought she might live.
Esposito : Apparently, there's an SRO not far from where we found the body,
Esposito : - caters to Czech illegals. - Well, then, let's pay it a visit.
Super : Yeah, I knew her. Lady in 5-C. Eliska Sokol.
Super : She was a nice person. She kept to herself, but nice.
UNK: Yeah, why anybody'd want to kill her...
Beckett : - How long did she live in the building? - About six months.
Castle : - Never gave you any trouble? - No, I wish all my tenants were like her.
Super : She paid her rent on time every week in cash.
Beckett : You said 5-C?
Super : - Yeah, you wanna see it? - Yeah, please.
Beckett : Why don't you guys start knocking on doors?
UNK: We'll see if any of the other tenants can shed some light.
UNK: Later.
Super : Here it is. Let me know when you're done.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : From what I'm seeing, it's a pretty good bet she lived alone.
Castle : There's not even a telephone.
Beckett : Something tells me she didn't have many visitors.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Work calendar, maybe? Keeping track of shifts?
Castle : There's nothing past last Wednesday.
Beckett : Postcards from home.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : If a picture's worth a thousand words, this one says, "Not a fan."
Beckett : The scratches go through the paper.
Beckett : Whoever she is, looks like our vic hated her.
Castle : Could be the feeling was mutual.
UNK: Hey. - Hey.
Castle : - Want a lollipop? - Oh, yes.
Castle : Tastes like soap.
Alexis : - I'll pass. - Suit yourself.
Alexis : Oh, Dad, Taylor asked if she could come
Alexis : to your book launch party with me.
Alexis : - Would that be okay? - Sure.
UNK: - Hmm! So, Taylor likes my stuff, huh? - Not that I know of.