Ryan : because she wasn't there with a child of her own,
Ryan : so mom mentioned it to a patrolman.
Beckett : - Any charges filed? - No.
Esposito : Supposedly, she was very cooperative and left quietly.
Beckett : Sounds a lot like the incident with the Talbot boy.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Poor lady, you gotta feel for what she went through.
Karpowski : Sorry to interrupt, but your vic's super's on the phone
Karpowski : and wants to know if he can go ahead and rent her apartment.
UNK: Says she paid all the way till Friday,
UNK: but he's got somebody who wants it now.
Beckett : Tell him to go ahead.
Beckett : We already have everything we need from the crime scene.
Beckett : You guys check with the mom who filed the report.
Beckett : There might be something more to it than we realize.
Perlmutter : On it.
UNK: You're still here.
UNK: Karpowski, did the super say she was paid up to Friday?
Karpowski : - That's what he said. - That doesn't make any sense.
Castle : That place rents by the week. She was killed last Thursday.
Beckett : How could she be paid up through this coming Friday?
Super : Eliska never missed a payment.
Super : Yeah, I found her rent money slid under my door on Friday.
Super : I didn't think anything of it 'cause I didn't know she was dead yet,
UNK: not until you guys showed up the next day.
Castle : Now, why would someone pay her rent after she's dead?
UNK: Whoever killed her must've figured there'd be less chance
UNK: she'd be reported missing that way.
UNK: Look, I don't wanna seem cold or anything,
Super : she was a nice lady, may she rest in peace,
Super : but can I rent the apartment? Should I give her stuff to her friend?
Super : Her friend? - Yeah.
Super : The lady who picks up her mail every day.
UNK: Someone is picking up her mail?
UNK: Yeah, she's got a key to the mailbox, I figured it was a friend, a relative.
Castle : What does this friend look like?
UNK: Well-dressed, early 40s, blond hair.
Castle : - Are you thinking what I'm thinking? - Melissa Talbot.
UNK: The super said he remembered her
Beckett : coming in the hallway around lunchtime.
UNK: - It's already past 2 : 00. - A threatening letter.
Castle : I've been sitting here thinking what reason would the wife have
Castle : to want to intercept Eliska's mail.
Castle : Maybe she sent her some kind of threatening letter.
UNK: A "keep your hands off my man" kind of thing.
UNK: She gets impatient, she confronts her, and then Eliska's dead.
UNK: Meanwhile, the letter's still en route. So, Talbot's afraid it'll connect them.
Beckett : The irony is it never would have connected them.
Beckett : We don't go through a victim's mail
Beckett : unless there's probable cause and a warrant first.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Teodor Hajek : - For what? - For using "irony" correctly.
UNK: Ever since that Alanis Morissette song
UNK: people use it when they actually mean "coincidence." Drives me nuts.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it must be your great grammatical influence over me.
Castle : I may be going, but I'm leaving something of myself behind.
UNK: Castle, it's her. It's Talbot's wife. Come on.
UNK: She's going for the mail.
Manager : Mrs. Talbot?
Castle : Whoa, you're not the wife. You're the nurse.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : Dr. Talbot is a good man.
UNK: I've worked for him for 10 years.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : I know he had nothing to do with what happened to that lady.
Beckett : What exactly did he tell you to do?
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : He kept a little apartment for her where they would meet.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : He gave me a key to the mailbox. He said he'd sent her a check.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : He'd felt bad about the way things had ended between them
UNK: and he wanted to give her some money.
UNK: Is that what's in here, a check?
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : He told me to look for an envelope stamped "confidential,"
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : with an address from New Jersey from his brokerage account.
UNK: He wanted me to get the check
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : so no one would be able to put the two of them together, that's all.
Castle : - You were helping him cover the affair. - It doesn't mean he killed her.
Castle : When you told us he worked late at the office that day,
Castle : were you telling the truth?
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : He didn't stay late that night. He left at 6 : 00.
Beckett : So the envelope came from an office park in Paramus.