UNK: This was my family. We were happy once.
UNK: Now they're gone from me, both of them,
UNK: gone.
UNK: Kind of puts a whole new perspective on the Talbot incident. Thank you.
Castle : Well, he probably reminded Eliska of her own little boy.
Castle : She was trying to be nice to him, and next thing you know she's out of a job.
UNK: Yo, ex-husband's alibi checks out.
UNK: Neighbor remembers seeing him come home around 5 : 00.
UNK: Well, no surprises there. He was never our guy.
UNK: Okay, guys, let's put ourselves in Eliska's shoes.
UNK: She's suddenly unemployed, she's worried about making rent.
UNK: What kind of trouble can she get herself into?
UNK: The usual suspects are kind of hard to see with her, drugs, prostitution.
UNK: Okay, well, there's got to be something else, then.
Beckett : You know what? Let's go back to the building.
Beckett : See if there's anyone we missed on the first canvass.
UNK: Someone must've seen or heard something.
UNK: Thank you so much for your time.
UNK: If you can think of anything else, please don't hesitate to call.
UNK: Well, that's everybody on our list.
Castle : Let's hope Ryan and Esposito are having better luck upstairs.
Beckett : Can I ask you a question, Castle?
Castle : I already know what you're going to ask.
Castle : The dress code for the party is evening cocktail.
Castle : If you're stumped, just ask yourself, what would Nikki Heat wear?
UNK: When were you gonna tell me about the other book?
Castle : - You heard about that? - So it's true?
Castle : Well, it's not a done deal yet.
UNK: Well, did it ever occur to you to talk to me first?
Castle : Well, frankly, I thought you'd be relieved.
Beckett : Oh, don't flatter yourself.
Castle : Well, I mean, I'm flattered to even be considered.
Castle : Writing a certain British secret agent would be a very big opportunity for me.
Beckett : - I was talking about Nikki Heat. - Oh.
Beckett : Wait a minute. A certain British secret agent? Are you...
Castle : If they actually offer it to me. They may not.
Beckett : Yeah, but if they do?
UNK: Well, I would certainly consider it. Like I said, I thought you'd be relieved.
UNK: I am. I mean, I would be. If they offered it to you.
UNK: You sure we talked to 4-E last time?
Esposito : What, the robe lady? Yeah, she didn't know our vic,
UNK: but wanted us to help her with the ghost in her apartment.
Ryan : - Oh, yeah. - You guys a bust, too?
Esposito : Yeah, we talked to everybody who wasn't home last time. Nothing.
Beckett : Well, that's it, then. We hit everybody in the building.
UNK: Yep. Sorry.
UNK: - Excuse me. Sorry. - Pardon us.
UNK: Did you? Did you?
Ryan : - It was... - Miss!
Beckett : She was out of town for our first canvass,
UNK: but the night of the vic's murder,
Beckett : she remembers seeing her arguing with a man in the hallway.
UNK: Well-dressed, mid-40s.
Montgomery : - Doesn't exactly narrow things down. - No, but the pager on his belt does.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : What do you think, Castle? Look like someone we know?
Castle : Paging Dr. Talbot.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : I admit there's a similarity, but it wasn't me.
Beckett : Do you really want us to pull you out of here and put you in a lineup?
Beckett : Because that's exactly where this is headed.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Okay, this is insane, I hardly knew the woman.
Beckett : We did some checking, Dr. Talbot.
Beckett : Before she worked in your apartment, she also worked at Bryant General.
Beckett : That's where you see your patients, isn't it?
Castle : What exactly was the nature of your relationship with this woman?
UNK: Dr. Talbot : There was no relationship.
UNK: All right, we're out of here. You're coming with us to the precinct.
UNK: You meet a nice class of people in a lineup. You'll be surprised.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Okay, wait.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : There was a relationship.
UNK: Eliska and I, we were having an affair.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : We met when she was working at the hospital.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : I was there late one night and we got to talking.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Anyway, we crossed paths a couple times after that
UNK: Dr. Talbot : and one thing led to another.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : God, this is humiliating.
Beckett : What happened when she found out you were married?
UNK: Well, she was upset.
UNK: But I convinced her that I just needed some time
UNK: to figure out how to end things with Melissa.
Castle : Which you never intended to do.
UNK: And it was good for a while, but she was losing patience.
UNK: And then she even started paying special attention to Zane,
UNK: as if she was almost getting ready to become part of his life,
UNK: Dr. Talbot : and it was just impossible.
Beckett : Well, then, why didn't you just break up with her?
UNK: Dr. Talbot : I tried, she just wouldn't let go.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : And then, that day with my wife and the candy, that was the last straw.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Truth is, it was a relief when she got fired.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : And so, I did, I went to see her the next day to give her money,
UNK: Dr. Talbot : and then she started screaming at me, and...
UNK: I mean, there was nothing for me to do but to leave,
UNK: Dr. Talbot : to turn around and walk away.
Beckett : Where were you on Thursday between 5 : 00 and 9 : 00 p. M?
UNK: Dr. Talbot : I was here at the office and I worked late that day.
UNK: Doctor's office, please hold.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : Excuse me, Doctor, but your wife and son just arrived.
UNK: Talbot's Nurse : You were supposed to have lunch today.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Of course. Can you just give me one more second?
UNK: Melissa Talbot : - Of course. - Thank you.