UNK: I mean, I feel horrible, I really do.
UNK: I'm sorry, I'm on call. Unless there's something else?
Beckett : No, no. I think we have everything we need.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Um... You don't suppose that her being let go
UNK: Melissa Talbot : has anything to do with what happened to her, do you?
Beckett : We can't rule anything out.
Beckett : It's possible that she was hard-pressed for money
Beckett : and she got into something that she shouldn't have.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Then it's my fault.
Beckett : No, Mrs. Talbot, it's the fault of the person who killed her.
Beckett : Thank you for your time.
Castle : That was pretty nice of you, letting her off the hook like that.
Castle : It's pretty obvious Eliska blames her for losing her job.
Beckett : Maybe so, and maybe being let go somehow led to her being killed.
Beckett : But making that woman feel any worse won't get us closer to solving the crime.
Beckett : - Hey, got anything? - Just that our vic used to be married.
Esposito : Housekeeper I was talking to said that Eliska mentioned it to her once.
Esposito : - Ryan's running it. - His name is Teodor Hajek.
Ryan : Records check came up with a domestic disturbance call
Ryan : - from two years ago. - Abusive ex-husband.
Beckett : Maybe he came back for an encore performance.
Beckett : NYPD, we're looking for Teodor Hajek.
UNK: - Back there, ma'am. - Thank you.
Ryan : - Teodor Hajek? - Yes?
UNK: Could you step around, please? We'd like to ask you a few questions.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : Ryan, cut him off.
UNK: Stop there! Stop right there! Come here!
UNK: Why didn't you stop? Stay down, buddy.
Beckett : Teodor Hajek, you're under arrest.
Beckett : Mr. Hajek, you've been advised of your rights?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : - And you declined an attorney? - For what?
UNK: You're going to deport me either way, yes?
Beckett : Mr. Hajek, we're not from Immigration.
Beckett : - Is that why you ran? - My visa is expired many years before.
Beckett : Well, we're not interested in your immigration status.
Beckett : - I'm a homicide detective. - Homicide?
Beckett : We'd like to ask you a few questions about your ex-wife.
UNK: Teodor Hajek : Eliska, yes? What happened? Tell me.
Beckett : She was killed three nights ago.
Beckett : Where were you on Thursday between 5 : 00 and 9 : 00 p. M?
UNK: Teodor Hajek : I was home asleep. I work double shift and was tired.
Beckett : - Can anyone verify that? - Maybe neighbors saw, I don't know.
Beckett : We have a domestic disturbance complaint from two years ago
Beckett : involving you and your wife. Would you mind telling us about that?
UNK: Teodor Hajek : We were arguing. Neighbors call police.
Castle : What did you argue about?
UNK: Teodor Hajek : She wanted to leave me. I didn't want her to go.
Castle : Why did she want to leave?
UNK: She said to be with me hurt her.
UNK: Teodor Hajek : Because too much I remind her of Martin, our son.
UNK: Teodor Hajek : God took him from us three years ago.
Beckett : - I'm very sorry to hear that. - It tore her heart away.
UNK: He was everything to her. He was so perfect when he was born.
UNK: But the sickness was in him even then. There was nothing we could do.
UNK: Except watch him
UNK: waste away and away.