Beckett : - Then... - God, you are so dense.
Martha : She wants to get dressed up, go to a party, meet boys.
Martha : - She doesn't care about your little book. - Thanks, Dad.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: You really are something, you know?
UNK: You always think everything's about you. Here.
Castle : - What are these? - They're flyers for my play.
Martha : I thought you could hand them out
Martha : when you're signing books at the party tomorrow.
Castle : Gee, I was thinking, actually, that I might keep the evening about me.
Martha : See if I plug your book when I'm doing PR.
Castle : Will my career survive?
UNK: Boy, you know, ever since that little visit from your agent, Paula,
Martha : you have been insufferably cocky.
Martha : And frankly, I never understood the appeal of...
UNK: No! Don't say it! You'll jinx it!
Martha : ...certain British spy. - Thank you.
Castle : And I have loved him since I was a kid.
Martha : I know. I know, it's a big deal. Congratulations.
UNK: Well, I haven't got the official offer yet.
Castle : And it would mean not doing another Nikki Heat book.
UNK: Well, I know somebody that you would make very happy. Beckett.
Martha : Oh, please, she'll be thrilled not to have you following her around.
Martha : I'm sure the poor girl is counting down the days.
Castle : Actually, I'd like to think I've been fairly useful to her, solving cases-wise.
Martha : Oh, please. I'm sure she got along fine before you arrived.
UNK: K-O-L, Sokol.
UNK: No, she doesn't have a social security number, she's illegal.
UNK: All right, notify all precincts, including the boroughs. Thank you.
UNK: So, I did a records check on Eliska Sokol.
UNK: She didn't have any run-ins with law enforcement,
UNK: so I asked Central to put her name out on the blotter.
UNK: You never know, might turn something up.
UNK: You know, I was thinking about how to track down this mystery woman.
UNK: I bet you Parks and Recreation will be able to tell us
UNK: in which playground this photo was taken.
Beckett : You see how there's sand at the bottom?
UNK: Lot of playgrounds have wood chips
UNK: or this green spongy stuff that used to freak Alexis out.
UNK: There's also a climbing wall feature in the back here, that's not a...
UNK: 75th and Lexington.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: - Great minds think alike, I guess. - Next thing you're gonna do
UNK: is tell me that I should go down there with the photograph.
Castle : Wouldn't be a horrible idea.
UNK: Oh, look, Esposito's calling.
UNK: Wonder what he and Ryan have been doing all morning.
UNK: Hello? No, it's just Castle.
UNK: A nanny in the playground said
Esposito : she recognized the kid in the photo.
UNK: Said she was pretty sure that the family lived in this building.
UNK: Just hold on a second. Can I help you?
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : We're wondering if you recognized anyone in this photograph.
Manager : That's Zane Talbot and his mother.
Castle : - Were they tenants here? - Can I ask what this is about?
Beckett : We're conducting an investigation
Beckett : into the murder of a woman named Eliska Sokol.
Manager : - Eliska? She's dead? - You know her?
Manager : She worked here until just a few days ago.
Beckett : In what capacity?
Manager : She started off in the laundry room,
Manager : a few weeks ago we promoted her to Client Services.
Manager : This is a concierge building. We have a staff of over 75
Manager : providing our tenants with round-the-clock attention.
Ryan : Like living in a fancy hotel.
Beckett : Do you have any idea why Eliska left her job?
Manager : She didn't, she was let go.
Manager : There was an incident with one of the tenants. Mrs. Talbot, actually.
UNK: Dr. Cameron Talbot : Poor woman. Do you have any idea who killed her?
Beckett : We're working on it.
UNK: The manager said that there was some sort of an incident.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I suppose you could call it that.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Really, I think the whole thing's gotten blown way out of proportion.
Beckett : Could you tell us what happened?
UNK: Melissa Talbot : It was last Wednesday, I think, and I was with Zane in his room.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : She came in to change the towels in his bathroom.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I got up to go answer the phone.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : When I came back, the door was closed.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I go in and she's sitting on the floor, playing, I suppose,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : but I couldn't really tell, because all I could think was,
UNK: "He's got a lollipop in his mouth."
UNK: Melissa Talbot : She'd given him a lollipop. You just don't do that.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : You don't give someone else's child candy without permission.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : They could be allergic, or diabetic...
Castle : Maybe she was just trying to be nice.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : You have to understand, we hardly knew this woman.
UNK: Dr. Talbot : It wasn't like she was our housekeeper, that we saw every day.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : I didn't say anything,
UNK: Melissa Talbot : but I think she sensed that I was unhappy
UNK: Melissa Talbot : because she got very flustered and couldn't get out of there fast enough.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Zane seemed to be fine. So I decided to let it go.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : But then the more that I thought about it,
UNK: the more I realized that that was not the first time that she had seemed
UNK: Melissa Talbot : overly familiar with him.
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Overly familiar?
UNK: Dr. Talbot : Giving him more attention than seemed appropriate.
Beckett : Did you ever think it might have been cultural?
UNK: That that might be the way that people are with children in her country?
UNK: Melissa Talbot : Of course. All I did was mention to the manager
UNK: Melissa Talbot : that maybe somebody would want to talk to her,
UNK: you know, about what's appropriate.
UNK: I didn't even know that she had been fired until you told us, and now she's...