UNK: Well, she must be a pretty special girl.
UNK: Paula Haas : Let me ask you something, when she calls you, do you call her back?
Castle : - Yeah. - Of course you do.
UNK: Paula Haas : Because she's important to you and because it's polite.
UNK: - Paula, I call you back. - Three-book deal,
UNK: Paula Haas : and I can't even get you on the phone to let you know
UNK: - you've got an official offer? - There's a...
Castle : - Yeah. - I don't... I...
UNK: Paula Haas : So, can I close the deal?
Castle : Paula, I'm sorry. This is a big step for me.
Castle : I don't know that I'm ready to walk away from Nikki Heat.
UNK: Who? The one on the page or the one standing over there
UNK: Paula Haas : The one on the page.
UNK: Paula Haas : - Oh, Rick. You sleeping with her? - No.
UNK: Paula Haas : What the hell are you waiting for? Go get it out of your system,
UNK: and then come down to the office and sign the damn contract, okay?
Paula : - Hey. - Hey. I...
Beckett : I was just... The dedication, wow. Thank you.
UNK: I meant it. You are extraordinary.
UNK: Listen, I was thinking...
UNK: What if the wife got onto the affair?
Beckett : Melissa Talbot, a killer?
Castle : Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
UNK: Well, anything's possible. I didn't see it that way.
UNK: You're just saying that because you've never been scorned.
Beckett : - What makes you say that? - Oh, come on.
UNK: What man has ever turned you away?
UNK: So, any word on a certain British secret agent who shall not be named?
Castle : I got the official offer.
UNK: Wow!
UNK: Congratulations.
Castle : - I haven't accepted it yet. - But you're going to, aren't you?
UNK: - Well, you think I should? - Yeah,
Castle : I mean, is there a reason why you wouldn't?
UNK: So you'd be okay if I didn't write another Nikki Heat?
Beckett : I mean, why wouldn't I? It's not like I asked you to write the first one.
Perlmutter : You know, a lot of people would be flattered
Castle : that someone chose to write a book based on them.
Castle : - Flattered? - Yeah.
Beckett : Do you have any idea how much grief I've had to put up with
Beckett : over this Nikki Heat thing?
Castle : Gee, I'm sorry.
Beckett : I'm not asking you to be sorry. I'm just...
UNK: Just do whatever you wanna do. You always do, anyway.
UNK: - Well, fine. It's settled, then. - Fine.
Castle : - I'll do the other book. - Great.
Castle : - Enjoy the party. - Thanks. I will.
UNK: You know what? Just as well,
Castle : because there really wasn't enough to the character Nikki Heat
Castle : for more than one novel anyway.
Beckett : Oh, there's plenty to the character. She just needs a better writer.
Martha : - Fine. - Fine.
Beckett : What are you doing here, Castle?
Beckett : Don't you have bigger, more lucrative fish to fry?
Castle : Actually, I just left my sunglasses here yesterday.
UNK: Oh, please, that is the lamest excuse I have ever...
Beckett : You know what? While you're at it, don't forget those.
UNK: Did you guys get the incident report?
Castle : - Yeah. - And?
Esposito : Apparently, Eliska was seen on multiple occasions
UNK: hanging around some local park.
Esposito : And at some point she walked up to somebody's kid and spoke to him.
Ryan : Kid's mom thought it was a little odd