UNK: And we found traces of blood spatter over there on the sidewalk.
UNK: Well, then it couldn't have been a robbery.
UNK: Mugger wouldn't bother dragging her body that far just to hide it.
Perlmutter : Given the amount of decomposition,
Perlmutter : I'd say she was killed about two days ago.
UNK: Any chance you can narrow that down for us?
Ryan : Any chance I can get her to the lab first?
Perlmutter : I should be able to get you a tighter window,
Perlmutter : - maybe down to six or seven hours. - All right. Thank you.
UNK: Ah! Good morning.
Esposito : Look who decided to grace us with his presence.
Beckett : Did you have something more important to do, Castle?
Castle : I got held up at home. Was that the body?
UNK: - Yeah, it's on its way to the morgue. - Huh!
UNK: What? You wanted us to wait?
UNK: Yeah, it's too bad, too. It's your kind of case, bro.
Castle : - Yeah? Yeah,
UNK: body was found down that manhole over there, half eaten.
Ryan : - Eaten? - Yeah,
Ryan : it was covered in some kind of green slime.
Castle : - Whoa. Yeah. It was creepy.
UNK: It's as if someone, or something, is down there.
UNK: That's... Okay, very funny. That's great.
Castle : - Was there a body down the manhole? - Yeah.
Castle : Okay. Thank you. An adult.
UNK: Yeah, you should've seen what else was down there.
Beckett : Two metal canisters with biohazard stickers and yellow powder inside of it.
Castle : You opened the...
Castle : All right... Will someone please tell me what's really going on here?
Ryan : We're gonna check nearby trash cans for the murder weapon.
Castle : What was the murder weapon, by the way?
Ryan : - Some kind of death ray. - Turns your insides out.
UNK: Her fingerprints came back negative.
Perlmutter : Missing Persons didn't have anyone matching her description.
Perlmutter : Your boys didn't happen to find her purse by any chance?
Beckett : No. No purse, no murder weapon.
UNK: We have ourselves a Jane Doe.
Castle : Two days and no one steps forward to say she's missing.
Beckett : Which means she probably lived alone
Beckett : and she didn't have a job where she needed to be.
UNK: I can tell you this much, she's an immigrant,
UNK: - probably from Eastern Europe. - Her dental work?
Perlmutter : She's got a couple of stainless steel crowns.
Perlmutter : We don't use them anymore in the States,
Perlmutter : but they're still common in the former Soviet Bloc.
Perlmutter : We found this scrunched in the bottom of her pants pocket.
Beckett : - Candy wrapper. - It's got some kind of writing on it.
Castle : The lettering has diacritical marks on it.
Castle : They're accent marks used to represent sounds that are alien to Latin.
UNK: I'm gonna go with Slavic Cyrillic. No, Czech.
Perlmutter : And you know this how?
Castle : I almost ordered a Russian bride once. You know, a Czech mate?
UNK: I'm gonna run this down.
Beckett : There can't be too many shops in the area that sell this stuff.
UNK: Hey, Perlmutter, I'm having a book launch party Monday night,
UNK: - you wanna come? - Please.
Castle : I'll put you down as a maybe.