Foreman : They were trying to escape his evil, pill-popping, racist dad.
UNK: You would've liked him. We should do another...
UNK: How do you know the dad was racist?
Foreman : He beat up his son for dating a black girl. I extrapolated from that.
House : You see racism everywhere.
House : Maybe he just didn't like this black girl.
Cameron : It's not sarcoid. We would have seen granulomas in his...
House : She has pretty eyes.
House : Forget infectious. Forget environmental.
House : Defective DNA is keeping them from making a critical protein,
House : hence the fluid build-up.
House : Hits the throat, stomach, chest and brain.
UNK: Angioedema?
House : Hereditary angioedema. Symptoms fit perfectly.
Chase : It's an incredibly rare disease. They both would have to have a parent...
House : Is it a coincidence that your sister has great hair,
House : or that these two have green eyes?
Foreman : You're not saying... They're not brother and sister.
House : God, no. That would be sick.
UNK: Half brother and sister. Different moms.
House : Dad must have had an affair with her mom.
House : That's why he flipped out when the kids started dating.
House : He had it himself. Probably why the pills.
UNK: We won't know for sure...
UNK: Testing for HAE or paternity is going to take a day.
House : She doesn't have a day. Start treating and see what happens.
Cameron : Any change?
Foreman : Her response to stimuli is still just as weak.
Cameron : I almost hope she stays in a coma.
Chase : That's sweet, Cameron.
Cameron : I'd like to avoid shattering both of their lives.
House : You don't think dying will do that?
UNK: BEEPING
Foreman : It's just her oximeter.
UNK: Tracy.
UNK: Tracy.
Jeremy : She's awake.
Jeremy : Oh, God, baby. It's gonna be okay.
House : Awesome. Can I tell them?
Foreman : We've obviously got to let them know what's wrong.
Foreman : But the cause, the brother-sister thing...
UNK: Good plan. We just gotta keep them away from doctors, the Internet
House : and anyone who's not a total moron.
House : Tell them.
Foreman : Yesterday he was willing to die to save her. We've gotta give him time to recover.
House : He might be a little vexed that you kept letting him hump his sister in the meantime.
House : Tell them.
UNK: Look, unless their dad was also the product of an incestuous union,
Foreman : the chances of serious complications are minimal.
House : Noble of you to take that risk. Tell them, or I will.
Jeremy : So we just need to take these pills?
Foreman : Twice a day.
UNK: Angioedema is very treatable. You'll be fine.
UNK: So, what? We, like, caught this from each other?
Foreman : No, it's a condition you've both always had.
Foreman : The onset of symptoms are sometimes caused by stress or trauma.
Foreman : The incident at the diner.
Tracy : So we got it as kids?
Foreman : It's a genetic disease. It's not...
Foreman : There's no good reason two unrelated people would get it.
Foreman : We think you guys should take a DNA test.
Jeremy : How can we be related?
Foreman : We think you have the same dad.
UNK: We won't know for sure until we do the test.
Jeremy : Oh, God!
Tracy : Your father.
Jeremy : No. No, this can't be true.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, Jer, I'm lighter.
UNK: You know, I'm lighter than both my parents.
Tracy : And our eyes. Everyone always talks about how we have the same eyes.
Foreman : You're not really siblings.