House : Tell that to the clusters of sarcoidosis cases.
Chase : Firefighters and residents of pine tar forests?
Foreman : I did see these two putting out that blaze in the Pine Barrens.
House : If sarcoidosis has two environmental causes,
House : it has environmental causes.
House : We just don't know all of them yet. Husband's chest.
House : He has slightly enlarged hilar lymph nodes.
House : Sarcoidosis explains almost all of their symptoms,
House : including her getting worse off the steroids.
Cameron : Doesn't explain his throat swelling.
UNK: That's what "almost" means.
Cameron : 90% of sarcoidosis cases have lung scarring.
House : Oh, 90? Oh, "almost"?
UNK: Fine.
House : Consult a specialist.
Wilson : If this is more dating advice...
House : Love to gossip, but I got work to do.
House : Is this sarcoidosis?
Wilson : It's pretty nonspecific.
UNK: It could be granulomas, could be plaques. What's this?
Wilson : Oh! Oh! You stole Wendy's personnel file?
House : In a way, aren't we all guilty of bribing the janitor to take her file and give it to me?
House : Yes, I take my share of the blame, but society's...
Wilson : First of all, I'm not dating her.
House : She is so wrong for you.
House : You know she filed a form so the hospital would take extra withholding?
House : Who does that? She's much too cautious for me.
Wilson : Point taken. I'll start dating her
Wilson : so I can break up with her and start dating a stripper.
Wilson : You're a miserable jerk who can't stand to be alone.
House : I didn't try to break up your marriages. You did that yourself.
Wilson : My marriages were so crappy, I was spending all my time with you.
Wilson : Your real fear is me having a good relationship.
UNK: Yes, it keeps me up at night.
House : That and the Loch Ness monster, global warming, evolution
House : and other fictional concepts.
UNK: Although, big romantic weekend in the Poconos could change everything.
Wilson : You don't... No.
Wilson : I don't think it's sarcoidosis.
House : He says it's sarcoidosis.
House : Start them both on methotrexate.
Foreman : And if you're wrong?
House : If Wilson's wrong, we'll biopsy her just to be sure.
Cameron : Her brain stem?
Chase : Brain damage is not only possible, it's likely.
House : Good point. Let's biopsy something safer, like her shoes.
Cameron : The husband. He'd have to give consent. He can't right now.
UNK: Why? Does this guy write with his stomach?
Cameron : He has a conflict of interest.
Cameron : It's not his brain we're cutting open, but he still gets all the benefit.
Cameron : He'd do it just to save himself.
UNK: Or save her.
House : She's the love of his life, remember?
Foreman : He never said that.
Cameron : She needs a guardian ad litem. I can't let you do this.
UNK: Well, how are you going to stop me? Call Cuddy?
Cuddy : Cameron's right. There's a conflict.
House : No, there isn't.
House : Not unless one of them wants to die a horrible, painful death.
Cuddy : I'm sure the guardian will figure that out.
House : In a couple days.
House : Will the guardian convince the disease to hold off eating her brain
House : until we can get the legalities worked out?
Cuddy : I just don't want some plaintiff's lawyer owning my hospital.
Cuddy : Legalities help.
Cuddy : Speaking of which, did you get your thermometer back yet?
House : We had a nice chat. Did you know he's a Rotarian?
House : Listen, she'll die without the biopsy.
Cuddy : I need to cover the hospital's ass. You're too biased.