UNK: Jake and Peter Weitzman, 35-year-old pygopagus conjoined twins,
UNK: - attached at the lumbosacral junction. - But not for long. Right, Dr. Webber?
UNK: The Weitzmans came about 6 months ago for a separation procedure.
UNK: - They opted out because of the risks. - Pete chickened out.
PETE : Forgive me for wanting to live longer even if it meant living with you.
JAKE : Well, you wasted 6 months of our lives.
JAKE : - Thank you. - Stop it.
UNK: You guys came at the right time. We scored New York's top plastic surgeon.
UNK: Mark Sloan. You remember Dr. Shepherd, your neurosurgeon.
UNK: - We used to work as a team. - Pete. Nice to see you.
DEREK : We were never actually a team.
UNK: - I hear you. - Mr. Weitzman?
JAKE : - Call me Jake. - Call me Pete.
UNK: Jake, Pete. Why... Do you mind me asking why now,
GEORGE : when you thought the procedure was risky six months ago?
CHRISTINA : - Well. - Guys?
UNK: Whoa. That's a lot of doctors. I'll just come back later.
UNK: No, no. Elena, come in, come in.
UNK: You wanted to know "why now"? This is why.
JAKE : The love of my life. Elena.
UNK: Jake, don't. I told him not do this.
UNK: Not for me anyway because that's just crazy.
UNK: Because Pete said that they could end up paralyzed.
UNK: He could end up dead.
JAKE : Why do you tell her things like that?
PETE : I wasn't telling her, I was telling you.
PETE : She just happens to be the only one who listens.
DEREK : She happens to be right.
UNK: Do you know what it's like to have to be stuck to the same person?
UNK: Every... That's right. Here we go.
UNK: What it's like to have to be with the same person every minute of every day?
JAKE : To not have anything that's just yours? Not be able to do anything on your own?
UNK: - Nobody should have to live like that. - What do you think, Pete?
PETE : Why would I want to be attached to someone who doesn't want to be with me?
ALEX : I'm calling it.
UNK: - I have brothers, I feel their pain. - I would be great at watching.
UNK: - Zip it, all of you. - We're on the case, right?
HAHN : - Right. - Yes!
UNK: Stevens. You are to...
UNK: Look and not touch or speak or breathe. I got it.
MARK : - So this is the crack team? - Feel free to take one.
UNK: How about I take the one that doesn't speak or breathe.
IZZIE : - Great. - Damn it.
UNK: Thank you. For picking me. Even just observing.
MARK : Thought you might be fun to look at while I worked.
UNK: Will you be working on the nerve graft and the skin reconstruction?
UNK: Yes. I'll handle them better with a little caffeine in my system.
MARK : Get me a blueberry scone, a bone dry cappuccino
MARK : and a little something for yourself.
IZZIE : There's a cafeteria on the second floor and a coffee cart in the lobby.
MARK : Feisty. Cappuccino.
IZZIE : You can kick me back to Bailey if you want. I don't do coffee.
UNK: So how will you be handling the nerve graft and the skin reconstruction?
CHIEF : Conjoined twins, Derek.
DEREK : I know, Chief.
CHIEF : Conjoined adult twins.
CHIEF : I mean, it's rare enough to separate conjoined infants, but conjoined adults?
CHIEF : Can you imagine the press? What this could do for the hospital?
UNK: I know. I don't think we should do it.
UNK: Their spines are fused from the L4 down.
DEREK : Their blood flow is intricately connected.
ELENA : They could end up paralyzed or even dead.
CHIEF : Your patients want this operation, Derek.
UNK: Why are you backing out?
CHIEF : This isn't like you.
CHIEF : Unless there's incontrovertible evidence that it can't be done,
CHIEF : we're moving forward.