Foreman : show no sign of stroke or structural lesions.
UNK: Did you put out an APB for a car
House : with a man-shaped dent in the grill?
Foreman : No broken bones, no signs of trauma.
House : Transverse myelitis. Boring.
Foreman : No enhancement on the MRI.
Foreman : I just don't know what to do.
Foreman : Please, you have to help me solve this thing.
House : A little poetic license.
Cofield : What are you doing?
House : Taking my vic-amins.
Cofield : Those are Vicodin?
Cofield : Did you have surgery recently?
House : About a decade ago.
House : My leg is no good at judging time.
Cofield : Were you taking Vicodin during this case?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yes.
House : And during about nine years' previous cases.
House : My process is proven.
House : Good things usually happen. Bad things sometimes happen.
Cofield : And when bad things happen, we should figure out what went wrong
Cofield : so we can learn from it and correct it.
UNK: So we can assign blame.
House : Instead of recognizing that bad things sometimes happen.
House : It was nobody's fault.
Cofield : And then what happened?
House : Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach.
House : Those who can't teach, teach gym.
UNK: And those who can't move their arms or legs teach us to laugh at others.
Cofield : House actually presented the case in that way?
Cofield : Or are you just trying to make him look bad?
Adams : Why would I be trying to make him look bad?
Cofield : Could be your not-so-subtle way
Cofield : of implying this was House's fault.
Cofield : Given what's happened, it's understandable
Cofield : that your opinion would color your testimony.
Cofield : But I just want to know what you said, what you did
Cofield : and what you were thinking at the time.
Adams : I don't think it was his fault.
Cofield : Just tell me your initial theory.
Taub : I thought the patient had a liver problem.
Taub : Hepatic encephalopathy explained why he passed out,
Taub : why he couldn't move his limbs.
Cofield : But that's not the idea House went with?
Park : He thought Taub's idea was stupid.
Cofield : And what about your idea?
Park : He thought that was stupid, too.
Cofield : No. I meant, what was it?
Park : Oh. I thought the patient had normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Cofield : And why did House think that was stupid?
House : Oh, come on.
House : Unless you're an idiot, you know why I thought Park was an idiot.
Cofield : The patient had low opening pressure on his LP.
House : That's what I said.
House : No, you idiot.
Cofield : The patient had low opening pressure on his LP.
House : Try unsquinting your eyes and reading the labs next time.
Cofield : Are you intentionally trying to get me to dislike you?
House : That wasn't me. The chair squeaked.
Cofield : You're testifying for the record
Cofield : that you actually used the phrasing, "unsquint your eyes"?
UNK: This is not the place to exorcise your guilt,
UNK: I just want to know exactly...
House : I actually used the phrasing "unsquint your eyes."
Chase : He's hypokalemic,
Chase : could indicate a problem with his heart, which would...
Adams : EKG was normal.
House : But, Chase,
House : a doctor who actually takes the time
House : to read the lab reports, has a point.
House : The guy's potassium is off.
House : Could be thyrotoxic paralysis.
UNK: Stan him on steroids, PTU, and beta blockers.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Cofield : And how did these orange smudges get on the patient file?
UNK: Seriously? That's your follow up?
House : I eat a lot of Cheetos, I forget to wash my hands.
House : Is my snacking really relevant to this case?
Cofield : Might be, if these were actually Cheetos stains.
Cofield : What are they?
Chase : Seriously, House?
House : You're blaming me?
House : You used Adams' shampoo.
UNK: I didn't do ii.
House : My team is made up of Type A personalities.
UNK: They need somebody to break the tension every once in a while.
Cofield : So this was a team building exercise?
Adams : Is that what he called it?
UNK: It's what he implied.
Adams : House prefers chaos over cohesion.
Adams : He believes that disagreement and mistrust lead to better ideas.