Bill : You told me I was gonna be okay.
Bill : And now there's still something wrong with me.
Park : It probably doesn't mean anything, but we want to make sure.
Bill : Of course you do.
UNK: I gotta get out of here. Okay?
Adams : Just relax.
Bill : Please just let me get out of here.
Adams : It'll just take a minute.
UNK: We need to get a good look at the rash.
Park : The rash? That was nothing. Just some irritation from lying in bed all day.
Park : The problem was the patient's brain.
Park : He freaked out.
UNK: I gotta get out of here.
UNK: I gotta get out of here! Easy.
Adams : In my opinion at the time, it was the rash that was going to kill him.
Adams : Invasive strep.
Cofield : Reasonable theory, supported by the evidence.
Park : The evidence pointed to psychosis.
Park : We caused it by giving him steroids when he first came in.
Cofield : What'd you think?
Taub : I thought Park and Adams were both right.
Taub : But that their conclusions were both wrong.
Taub : The neuro symptoms and the rash
Taub : were both signs of an underlying disease.
Taub : Together with the lung, it added up to Wegener's.
Cofield : How does Dr. House handle it when three smart doctors
Cofield : come up with three different, but equally valid ideas?
House : I run a diagnostic trial.
House : Start the patient on high dose steroids.
House : Multiple birds, single stone.
House : If Taub is right, then he can walk out of here cured.
House : If Adams is right, he will spike a fever, get hypotensive,
UNK: we can treat it and he can walk out of here cured.
UNK: If Park is right and he goes all Cuckoo's Nest on us,
House : diagnose him, and he can walk out of here cured.
Cofield : Are you trying to make this easy for me?
Cofield : By your own admission, if you give the patient steroids,
Cofield : two of the three outcomes could make him worse.
UNK: What's making the patient worse was not having a diagnosis.
House : This was the fastest way to get it.
Cofield : It was the perfect diagnostic moment.
Cofield : In light of what happened,
UNK: do you still think it was the perfect diagnostic moment?
UNK: Yes.
House : My theory accounted for all the medical outcomes.
House : It did not account for the disobedience of my own team.
Cofield : What are you doing?
Chase : I think you're right about the strep.
Chase : Can't hurt to biopsy the rash while we're waiting.
UNK: Thanks.
Adams : At the time, it seemed like a good idea.
Cofield : I know this is hard.
Cofield : But please tell me exactly what happened next.
Chase : Draw up a little anesthetic.
Adams : Two cc's Lidocaine.
Bill : Get away from me!
UNK: Bill, you're in a hospital. Calm down!
Adams : Code Grey!
Cofield : So your position is that your team's disobedience caused this?
House : That's not what I said.
Cofield : You said you didn't anticipate their defiance.
Cofield : You implied that all would have been fine otherwise.
Cofield : So who do you blame?
Cofield : Dr. Adams or Dr. Chase?
Cofield : Or both?
House : I don't blame either one.