Bill : I do this demonstration every year.
UNK: But I usually have a student aide help me set it up.
Bill : Apparently this year he added extra hydrofluoric acid,
Bill : which is why it exploded.
Adams : The student aide was just trying to make a viral video,
Adams : not hurt anyone.
Adams : Ended up doing both.
Adams : So we figured the patient inhaled the extra large dose
Adams : of hydrofluoric acid, and...
Adams : burned his lungs, which is why he coughed up blood.
Taub : If only burnt lungs explained the passing out and paralysis.
Park : The explosion does. Check out the video again.
Park : He smacked his head against the wall.
Park : If that caused swelling in his brainstem
UNK: that would have led to the eventual loss of consciousness and paralysis.
Park : So we discussed it a little longer
Park : and House decided to treat with heparin.
Cofield : I wouldn't mind a couple more details.
Park : It was aerosolized heparin.
Cofield : You skipped over the actual DDX,
Cofield : and now you're averting your eyes.
Cofield : I'm growing more and more curious by the moment.
Park : He smacked his head against the wall.
Park : If that caused swelling in his brainstem
UNK: that would have led to the eventual loss of consciousness and paralysis.
House : Nobody move. Ugh!
Cofield : He had on a what?
Park : Gas mask.
Park : The stink bomb was Chase's.
Park : He was getting revenge for the orange hair
Park : and rigged it in House's office.
Park : But House found it.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
House : You can leave when I have an answer.
Chase : Might help if we knew the question.
House : How do we treat chemical burns inside the lungs?
Adams : Maybe we can use a bronchoalveolar lavage to wash them outwith water.
House : Sorry, my fault, I should have clarified.
House : How do we treat chemical burns inside the lungs
House : without killing the patient?
Park : Silver sulfadiazine works well on chemical burns.
House : Burn cream would drown him faster than water.
UNK: Well?
Park : Aerosolized heparin.
House : Me like?
Park : But that's only experimental,
Park : it's never actually been used before.
House : Not true.
UNK: It's been used in sheep.
UNK: Uh-huh.
House : The guy was going downhill fast.
House : We needed a treatment that was a slope changer.
Cofield : So you busted out the sulphur dioxide stink bomb?
House : It was a team building exercise.
Cofield : No, it was manipulation.
Cofield : You were pressuring your team into coming up with unsafe medical ideas
Cofield : just to get out of that room.
House : You say pressure, I say inspire.
UNK: The usual, safe ideas were not going to work. Aerosolized heparin might.
Cofield : And everyone else just went along with this?
Park : No. I told House I thought it was a mistake.
Cofield : And those were your exact words?
Park : I think I might have said "insane."
Cofield : You thought it was insane and yet you let it happen.
Cofield : No, I...
Cofield : If you disagree with Dr. House on patient safety, Doctor,
Cofield : it is your duty to speak up.
UNK: Otherwise, you're equally lo blame.
Park : I did speak up. I tried.
Cofield : And you failed.
Park : And that's why I went to Dr. Foreman.
Park : The heparin could cause the patient
Park : to bleed into his lungs even faster.
Foreman : It is crazy.
Foreman : But House doesn't do crazy just for crazy's sake.
Foreman : If he thinks this is the only way to help the patient...
Cofield : You did not tell me you were involved in this case
Cofield : when you asked me to do this.
Foreman : I wasn't.
Foreman : The heparin decision didn't have anything to do with the outcome.
Cofield : If signing off on everything House does is a pattern,
Cofield : it affects the way House behaves,
Cofield : it affects the way House's team reacts to the way House behaves.
UNK: House
Foreman : is brilliant.
Foreman : I give him the benefit of the doubt most of the time,
Foreman : because I've seen what he can do.
Cofield : Getting House out of prison
Cofield : is the biggest decision you've made as Dean of Medicine, right?
Cofield : And if he's suspended as a result of this hearing,
Cofield : he violates his parole and he goes back.
Cofield : And that probably leaves you as former Dean of Medicine.
Foreman : I suppose so.
Cofield : You didn't choose me to oversee this
Cofield : because you thought I could be objective,
Cofield : you chose me because you thought I'd have your back.
Cofield : And I'd think twice about making a decision that would get you fired.
UNK: Eric,
Cofield : I'm sorry.
Cofield : But if your get-House-out-of-jail-free
Cofield : experiment blows up in your face,
Cofield : it's not my job to get you out of it.
Cofield : After you'd administered the heparin,
Cofield : I see there was a discharge order in the chart.
Cofield : Yet the patient never left.
Adams : House ordered a therapeutic bath first,
Adams : to wash off any residual chemicals from the blast
Adams : but we wound up finding something.
Adams : You have a bit of a rash.
Adams : Can you raise both your arms?
Adams : We just need to see how far it goes.