Taub : You made it, bud.
Adams : You're in the PACU.
UNK: You've been in surgery. The anesthesia's just wearing off.
Chase : Did I have an epidural?
UNK: No.
UNK: Because I can't feel my legs.
Cofield : Dr. Chase?
UNK: Robert?
UNK: Yeah.
Cofield : I'm Walter Cofield.
Cofield : I'm a neurologist over at...
Chase : I know who you are.
UNK: Good.
UNK: You think you're up for answering a couple of questions?
Chase : Well, it's not like I can get up and run away.
Chase : Wasn't my best joke.
Cofield : I'm smiling because for the last 12 hours
Cofield : I've been picturing you with orange hair.
Chase : I dyed it back.
Cofield : Were you angry with Dr. House?
Chase : It was a prank, it wasn't uncommon.
Cofield : So I've heard.
Cofield : That doesn't mean you couldn't get angry.
Cofield : Might actually contribute to that reaction.
UNK: Can I ask why that matters?
Chase : Are you trying to prove that I was distracted,
Chase : that my judgment was compromised?
Cofield : Who do you think was at fault
Cofield : for what happened to you, Dr. Chase?
Chase : Again, why does it matter?
Cofield : You're a smart doctor.
Cofield : You know what happened here better than anyone
Cofield : and you've worked with Dr. House longer than anyone.
Cofield : And I suspect that you've spent
Cofield : every minute since this has happened
Cofield : trying to answer that very question.
Adams : I don't think it was anyone's fault.
Chase : I was angry but I wasn't distracted.
UNK: And I think if there's any chance I'm gonna walk again
Chase : it's because Dr. House is a genius.
UNK: What about warmth? Can you feel the sheets on your skin?
Chase : I just said I don't feel anything.
Chase : Objectivity, House.
Cofield : What about posttraumatic syringomyelia?
Chase : A syrinx formed in the subarachnoid space,
Chase : blocking the flow of cerebrospinal fluid.
Adams : That'd mean the damage was permanent.
UNK: No.
House : Forget the nerves.
UNK: House, if ifs total paralysis he must have...
House : Not necessarily.
House : Think arteries.
House : Blood flow to his spinal column is cut off.
House : It's a clot in the radicular artery.
Chase : That could be fixable.
House : Prep a room for an embolectomy
UNK: and let's get that thing out of there
House : before it does any more damage.
Chase : And if it's not a clot?
House : Then you can ask Foreman if hospital insurance covers ramp-vans.
Park : You're through the aorta.
UNK: There.
Adams : Sensory level is at L5, it must be the descending branch.