Adams : He's not wrong.
Cofield : As opposed to being right?
Cofield : So you treated with steroids.
Cofield : And then what happened? They worked.
UNK: Bill?
Emily : Can you hear me?
UNK: Yeah.
Bill : I'm thirsty.
Adams : That's normal. You've been in a coma for several hours.
Adams : Can you tell me your name?
Bill : Bill. Bill Koppelman.
Adams : Can you tell me what happened to me?
Taub : We're treating you for an overactive thyroid.
Taub : We think that's why you passed out and couldn't move.
Adams : Can you wiggle your fingers for me?
Jordan : Is he going to be okay?
Taub : Excuse me, but only family members are allowed.
Bill : It's okay. They're my students.
Jordan : Everyone back at school is so worried about you.
Madison : Is he sick because of the explosion?
UNK: Taub & Adams : What explosion? What explosion?
UNK: Taub & Adams : What explosion?
Taub : A chemistry demonstration he was doing for his class went wrong.
UNK: Then why was it not already in the patient history'?
Taub : Because the patient was unconscious.
Cofield : But I'm assuming Dr. House spoke to the wife.
Taub : The wife didn't know about the explosion.
Taub : And I was the one who questioned her.
Taub : So if there was an oversight, it was mine.
Cofield : Does Dr. House not attach importance to patient histories?
Taub : No. He thinks they're crucial.
Taub : He just doesn't think being in the same room as the patient is crucial.
Taub : House thinks avoiding patients
Taub : allows him to stay as objective as possible.
Adams : He's not wrong.
UNK: That sounds like a very diplomatic way of saying he's lazy.
House : That's also true.
House : Either way, I'm covered.
House : If you want an accurate patient history,
House : don't ever talk to the patient.
House : Everybody lies.
House : Except me.
House : To you.
House : Would never do that.
Cofield : Okay. Say you're right.
Cofield : If you had actually been in the room questioning the patient,
Cofield : you could read body language,
Cofield : you could ask follow up questions,
UNK: and warn him of the cost of lying to you.
UNK: Don't forget thumbscrews.
Cofield : Can you dispute the possibility
Cofield : that had you visited the patient sooner, maybe talked to the wife,
Cofield : been directed to one of the students,
Cofield : that this case might have ended very differently?
Bill : It was a controlled reaction that went a little haywire.
Jordan : It was, too, an explosion.
Jordan : Simon Harris filmed the whole thing on his camera phone
Jordan : and posted it on YouTube.
Madison : It got, like, over 75,000 hits already.
Emily : Looks like you've gone viral, hon.
House : He had a loss of consciousness, temporary paralysis,
UNK: but when I was told that the patient coughed up blood,
House : things really started to get interesting.
Cofield : Your patient was doubled over in pain and coughing up blood.
Cofield : And you found that interesting?
House : Why, is that bad?
House : It's interesting.