UNK: But right now, I gotta go. I gotta go do a thing.
UNK: Mr. Greene : Did you know your mother spent $1200 on bonsai trees?
UNK: Mr. Greene : I felt like Gulliver.
UNK: Daddy, I really want to hear more about this...
UNK: ...but I just have to do some stuff.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : You work and you work and you work at a marriage...
UNK: Mrs. Greene : ...but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : You work and you work and you work on a boat.
UNK: He always ridiculed my pottery classes.
UNK: And you sand it and varnish it.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : But when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.
UNK: One night of her yoga and Bridges of Madison County...
UNK: - The scotch, the cigarettes... - The bonsais and the Chihuahua...
UNK: Mrs. Greene : I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now but
UNK: Mr. Greene : What the hell does she want with half a boat?
UNK: Okay, okay, you can be shirts and I'll be skins.
Chandler : I'll be skins!
UNK: How you holding up there, big tiger?
Chandler : Sorry. When my parents were getting divorced, I got a lot of "tigers."
UNK: I got a lot of "champs," "chiefs," "sports."
UNK: I even got a "governor."
Rachel : This is it, isn't it? This is what my life will be like.
Rachel : My mom there, my dad there.
Rachel : Thanksgiving, Christmas.
UNK: She gets the house, he's in a condo my sister will decorate with wicker.
Rachel : How did you get through this?
Chandler : I relied on a carefully regimented program...
Chandler : ...of denial...
Chandler : ...and wetting the bed.
UNK: You know, I just It's so weird.
Rachel : I mean, I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other.
Rachel : All I kept thinking about was the Fourth of July.
UNK: Because it reminded you of the way...
Chandler : ...our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
Rachel : It's just this thing. Every year we would...
Rachel : ...go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks.
Rachel : Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big.
Rachel : My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side...
UNK: ...and Dad would be upset because nobody helping.
UNK: And when we did help, he'd scream at us for doing it wrong.
Rachel : But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up.
Rachel : You know, and it'd get really cold.
Rachel : And we'd all just sort of smoosh under this one blanket.
UNK: It never occurred to anybody to bring another one.
Rachel : And now it's...
UNK: Yeah, I know.
Monica : Thanks for coming. I hope you had fun.
UNK: All right, I'm hitting the road.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : Now, I've left my 10 verbs on the table.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : Be sure and send me that finished poem.
UNK: Okay, will do. Glad you came.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : - I think I saw Rachel out in the hall. - Let me go check.
Monica : Your mom wants to say goodbye.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : Happy birthday, sweetie.
Joey : You drive safe.
Monica : What are you doing?
Ross : I'm getting ready for the water skiing.
UNK: Okay, big hug. One more. Come on!
Ross : How are you?
Monica : - Where are you going? - To get my coat.
UNK: We'll get that for you.
Ross : All right, all right. I can get my own coat.
Chandler : Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
UNK: Oh, no. No, you're not supposed to be here.
Phoebe : This is the staging area. It's all wrong. You should leave.
UNK: You know, just get out.
Phoebe : Or perhaps you'd like a creme de menthe.
UNK: Mr. Greene : I have to be heading toward my chateau.
Phoebe : I guess we're going back into the hallway again.
Joey : Thanks for coming, Mrs. Greene.
Joey : You take care.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : Oh, you kids.
UNK: Well.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : This is the best party I've been to in years.
UNK: Mrs. Greene : Thank you!
UNK: Okay, everybody, it's time for flan!
UNK: Yep! Get ready for the gelatinous fun.
Joey : Looks like that stuff you get when you get an infection.
UNK: Okay, that's enough.
UNK: Okay, Rachel, make a special flan wish.
UNK: Okay, I've got one.
Rachel : Heads up!
Rachel : Wow! Those things almost never come true.