Derrick : Thank you, Dr. Adams.
Park : It looks like the ceiling might...
Taub : What are you doing back here?
UNK: We got a case. I assume the status is patient's getting worse
House : you guys are confused.
Adams : You think actually showing up for work
Adams : is enough to make up for ruining an MRI?
Adams : Endangering the patient, injuring us?
UNK: I've got an airtight alibi that I'm working on.
Taub : This isn't about the damage You're back
Taub : because something's going on with Wilson.
House : I'm done with Wilson.
Taub : What does that mean, you're done with Wilson?
Taub : If he's not dead, you're not done with Wilson.
UNK: Suddenly, you think you're gonna make a difference?
Taub : You can't just abandon him.
House : It's in his hands now. Did you get
House : any good pictures before the MRI drowned?
Park : Enough to know it wasn't a migraine.
Park : And the patient mistook me for Adams.
Park : Come with me.
UNK: He?'
House : So what do you think's gonna happen
House : when I stick a needle into his eardrum?
Taub : You quizzing us?
House : This is a good quiz.
Adams : He'll scream in pain.
UNK: Don'! listen to her.
House : Very small needle, very steady hands.
House : Now, when I pull back on the plunger,
House : what do you think is gonna come out?
UNK: Air.
House : Boy, that air sure is red.
House : Persistent Stapedial Artery.
House : It should disappear in the embryonic stage.
House : But just like his dead brother, he really can't let go.
UNK: So the artery's been pressing against the temporal lobe of his brain,
House : right above the ear canal.
House : Explains the voices, the dizziness, everything.
House : Now you guys can explain how we're gonna make him better.
Derrick : Will my brother's voice go away?
Taub : You're being an ass.
House : I just cured a patient. How about you'?
Taub : You can't just give up on Wilson.
Taub : You know he needs you.
Taub : You know he's making an impossible choice.
Taub : He just doesn't want to live in pain.
House : Life is pain.
UNK: I wake up every morning and I'm in pain. I go to work in pain.
House : You know how many times I've wanted to just give up?