Park : I'm gonna go in there and invite him to participate.
Park : I think he'd welcome the distraction.
Park : Come with me?
UNK: Why?
Taub : When was the last time House listened to anything we said
Taub : about anything personal?
Taub : Maybe you'll feel better, but sometimes, the truth is,
Taub : there's nothing anyone can do.
Taub : Temporal lobe epilepsy.
Taub : Causes voices, dizziness.
UNK: Trauma from a seizure would explain the nose bleed.
Courtney : You know about all of my siblings,
Courtney : and cousins, and aunts and uncles, and...
Derrick : You're overreacting.
Courtney : Because you don't trust me enough to tell me about...
Taub : Sorry. It's time to go down for your test.
UNK: If you want to wait here, it'll only take about an hour.
Derrick : No, she's leaving.
Courtney : Derrick, come on. I mean, we should at least talk.
Derrick : No, I'd rather you just leave.
Derrick : And you don't need to come back.
UNK: No. Feel fine.
UNK: Things looked fine on my end, too.
Adams : So you won't admit to your doctors
Adams : that you're hearing your brother's voice,
Adams : which is dangerous.
Adams : And now, you lost your girlfriend over it.
Adams : Which is stupid.
Adams : I assume there's more to the story?
Derrick : That's how I was raised.
Adams : Short story. Yeah.
UNK: My boss is losing his best friend to cancer.
Adams : And instead of talking about the pain,
Adams : he's pretending there is no pain,
UNK: because everything can be fixed.
Derrick : My father tried to deal with it.
Derrick : Ironic that he'd drink himself into oblivion
Derrick : after my brother was killed by a drunk driver.
Adams : Do you need a tissue?
Derrick : After Dad left, my mom moved us away.
Derrick : She got rid of all the pictures of Christopher and never mentioned him again.
Derrick : It was like he never existed.
Derrick : And that worked for us.
Adams : And, yet, you kept one.
Derrick : Uh... My right eye...
Derrick : I was seeing spots, but now I can't see at all. Is that from the test?
Adams : No, this is something else.
Derrick : Ah! That hurts! Sorry.
Adams : How many fingers?
Derrick : Two. Fuzzy ones, but two.
UNK: It's a clot in the artery behind your eye. I just broke it up.
Derrick : Is that bad?
Adams : Don't know. Because I don't know why it happened.
UNK: He?'
House : Saved us a table.
Wilson : There are no tables.
House : I recently hacked into your old files.
UNK: Found a 6-year-old boy with bilateral retinoblastoma.
House : Doctors wanted to take his eyes out
House : before the cancer spread to his brain.
UNK: But you fought them. Advocated for a new photon beam radiation.
House : Saved the kid's vision, probably saved his life.
Wilson : That was my first case at PPTH. Mikey Kimble.