UNK: Cheerleader On The Video : Cradle. One...
UNK: Put down the pom-poms and step away from the computer.
UNK: 46-year-old oncologist refuses treatment.
Adams : Foreman already gave us a case.
Adams : Wants us to keep things as normal
Adams : as possible for as long as possible.
House : Wilson is dying, Chase is gone,
House : how close to normal do you think we can come?
Taub : 19-year-old cheerleader, admitted with
UNK: massive nosebleed and dizziness.
House : Wow, cool, I just completely forgot that my best friend is dying.
House : Wait, that just reminded me.
Park : Head CT is clean.
House : How can we turn Wilson from a terminal idiot
House : into an interminable pain in the ass?
UNK: A mini-stroke could explain our patient's
UNK: neuro symptoms and his butterfingers.
Adams : But not his bloody nose.
House : My best friend is trying to kill himself.
Adams : He just wants to die with a little dignity.
House : There's no such thing.
Adams : It's not your choice, House.
Adams : Your only choice here is between acceptance and misery.
House : It's a midline granuloma. Get your patient a PET scan.
Taub : No lesions along the optic track... You already covered that.
Park : Maybe we should get someone else to take this case.
Taub : Why'? Because someone somewhere is dying?
Taub : Oh, crap! Turn off the mic.
Park : It is off.
UNK: Not according to his brain His temporal lobe is completely lit up.
Taub : Auditory portion. He's hearing something.
House : Foreman's trying to date me.
House : I assume that's because you called him.
Wilson : No, I...
UNK: Did you put something in my coffee?
House : You know how you can be there for me five months from now?
House : Don't be dead five months from now.
UNK: Hey, Wilson...
UNK: Seriously?
House : Just a little picker-downer.
House : I assume this unwanted interruption means you're looking for me
House : to discuss the latest development
UNK: in a case I don't want to discuss.
Taub : Our patient is hearing voices.
Adams : He denies it, but the PET scan says otherwise.
Park : He's at the right age for the onset of schizophrenia.
House : Yeah. You really need me.
House : Ultrasound his abdomen to check for schizophrenia.
Taub : We already ordered a psych evaluation, but drugs could also cause...
Adams : Tox screen was clean.
House : Ultrasound his dorm.
UNK: Whoa! You guys can't just come busting in here without a warrant.
Taub : We're not cops. We're your roommate's doctors.
Taub : Any idea what flavor of drugs would be making your roommate sick?
Roommate : Objection. Entrapment.
Roommate : I'm pre-law.
Roommate : Derrick doesn't party.
Adams : Look at this.