Foreman : What's this?
Taub : A glowing letter of recommendation
Taub : you just wrote for me on my laptop.
UNK: I noticed it's lacking your signature at the bottom.
Foreman : Don't you think you're being a bit premature predicting House's demise?
Taub : Not demise, just implosion.
House : He's going through a rough time.
Foreman : But, so far, he's been handling it...
House : Your shoes are wet.
Foreman : Glad to see your emotional turmoil
Foreman : hasn't dulled your powers of observation.
Foreman : I know you're responsible.
UNK: No, you don't. Because I didn't do it. Whatever "it" is.
UNK: But if I had shoved those season tickets down some toilets,
UNK: I would have done it because you asked me to.
UNK: You wanted to replace Wilson. I prank Wilson all the time.
UNK: Enjoy.
Wilson : I got you three, but I drank them.
Thirteen : You didn't have to call me, but I appreciate I made the list.
Wilson : It wasn't entirely unselfish.
Wilson : I didn't feel right approaching
Wilson : any of my terminal patients, but...
Wilson : What is it like?
UNK: Hmm...
Wilson : Does it ever stop being surreal?
Wilson : You know what happened to me today?
Wilson : One of my patients suddenly started crying.
Thirteen : It can't be your first
UNK: It was the first one who was crying for me.
Thirteen : It's the human response. It's either overly saccharine,
Thirteen : because giving sympathy makes them feel better,
Thirteen : or they ignore you,
Thirteen : because hiding from mortality makes them feel better.
UNK: Well, why can't they just say something that makes me feel better?
Thirteen : Like what, exactly?
Adams : I don't know. No.
UNK: Mmm...
Thirteen : You'd be doing what? Two weeks on, two weeks off?
Thirteen : So maybe do your first round, see how it goes.
UNK: May be not as horrible as you fear.
Thirteen : Then do the second round, enjoy your two weeks off,
Thirteen : and revisit the decision. Rinse, repeat.
Wilson : I just can't envision spending my remaining time
Wilson : in a chemo suite in Princeton.
Wilson : I want to enjoy myself with family and friends.
Thirteen : Friends, or friend?
House : Hi, this is Greg House again. Third message.
House : Hopefully indicating how much I want you to call me back.
House : I'd say that your son is dying to increase the urgency,
House : but you probably already know that.