Adams : Why would he have a picture of a little boy?
Taub : Maybe it's his nephew or something?
Adams : Hidden in his sock drawer?
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Creepy.
Adams : We need to talk to Derrick about some medical matters.
Derrick : Well, she's my girlfriend. She can be here for that.
Adams : We found this in your dorm room.
Courtney : Who is that?
UNK: Nobody.
Adams : Then why was it hidden in a drawer?
Courtney : Derrick, what's she talking about?
Derrick : It's my brother, Christopher.
Courtney : You never told me you had a brother.
Derrick : Well, he's been dead almost 10 years, so...
Adams : Is that the voice you hear in your head?
UNK: Mmm!
House : And, lo, he is risen.
Wilson : So now my hair's gonna fall out next week?
House : No, all I did was temporarily kill you. How was it?
UNK: Look, I wasn't dead. I was unconscious.
UNK: No dreams or thoughts. You experience nothing.
UNK: Now, imagine that without the waking up on the couch part.
UNK: Just nothing, times infinity.
Wilson : You didn't just prove death is nothing. You proved propofol is.
House : You're saying the end is not the end'?
House : I was expecting, "Nothing is better than something lousy,"
House : but not, "The angels are waiting for me."
Wilson : I'm not having this conversation.
UNK: Why? Because it doesn't make sense?
Wilson : Because I'm not gonna change your mind, and I don't care.
Wilson : More importantly, you're not gonna change mine.
House : There is no heaven, there is no hell,
House : your soul is not gonna float out of your body
House : and join some great, unifying energy force.
House : The fact that you're dying is not gonna change that.
Wilson : Please, just go.
UNK: House.
Wilson : I have spent the last 20 years holding the hands of people as they die.
Wilson : When I watch that transformation...
Wilson : I'm sorry, I don't believe that we're just a bag of chemicals.
Park : So are we gonna talk about the patient, or wait for House?
Taub : Viral encephalitis.
Park : It's been going on for 10 years.