UNK: Mom.
UNK: Yeah?
Derrick : That picture of Christopher that I had on the stand,
Derrick : did you take it?
UNK: Yes.
Derrick : Did you throw it out?
UNK: If I agree to get this surgery,
Derrick : can you bring that picture back?
UNK: House. Not home.
Wilson : I'm ready to start the next round of chemo.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : Because you need me.
Wilson : And I don't think that's a bad thing anymore.
UNK: No.
House : You're the only one I listen to.
UNK: And the last couple of days, I didn't. I almost killed my patient.
House : So I think it's time for me to accept
House : that you're just smarter than I am.
Wilson : Are you really okay that there's only five months left?
UNK: No.
House : But it's better than nothing.
UNK: Um...
Wilson : How do we start?
UNK: Well, I'm not gonna say, "I love you."
UNK: Thank God. Got any Oreos?
UNK: Hey. How you feeling?
Derrick : The surgery worked.
Jen : How can you tell'?
UNK: Because Christopher's gone.
Wilson : And this is the peak. Almost 8,000 feet.
House : You do realize that my leg situation has deteriorated a little
House : since the last time we went hiking.
UNK: So add another day.
Foreman : This is Matt Johnson, the hospital lawyer.
House : Yes, I have decided not to proceed
House : with the sexual harassment case.
Matt : Are these yours?
Matt : The plumber retrieved them from the hospital outflow pipe.
UNK: They caused the sewage back up that ruined the MRI.
Matt : And they have your name on them.
House : Gregory Danger House? It's a very common name.
Matt : These apparently have your finger prints on them also.
UNK: Okay, well, why don't you tell me how many hours
House : of picking up trash you want me to do?
Foreman : House, I tried to keep this internal.
Foreman : The fire department handed the tickets to the police,
Foreman : who contacted your parole officer.
Foreman : It's felony vandalism.
UNK: He's gonna revoke your parole.
UNK: There's nothing we can do.
Matt : You have to report to Mercer County Jail on Monday
Matt : to serve out the rest of your sentence.
UNK: And that's how long?
Wilson : I'm sorry. How long?
Thirteen : Six months.