Park : which can manifest into physical illness.
House : Let's assume that all his symptoms are real symptoms.
UNK: So we're going to avoid grief avoidance?
Taub : Studies after September 11th showed that
Taub : repression was actually better for coping
Taub : than dwelling in misery.
Taub : What about polycythemia vera?
Adams : RBC's are slightly elevated, but not that much.
Taub : Hodgkin's lymphoma?
UNK: Would have shown up on the PET scan.
UNK: What if our guy got hurt at practice
Adams : and, like everything else, just didn't tell anyone?
Adams : Could have set off DIC. Would explain everything.
Taub : I thought you had to go to the bathroom.
House : I didn't say I had to go in.
Janitor : Need some more mops in here!
Derrick : What exactly are you looking for?
Park : Blood. If your spinal fluid is yellow instead of clear,
Park : it means you've had a subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Park : What does your brother say to you?
Park : Does he tell you you're gonna be okay?
House : It doesn't really work like that.
Park : I think you hear your brother's voice for a reason.
UNK: I thought you guys said that I hear things because I'm sick.
Park : Yes, but that doesn't explain why you don't hear a different voice.
Park : I think your mom didn't let you deal
Park : with the grief of losing your brother properly.
Park : There are people here who could help you with that.
UNK: Okay.
Park : The opening pressure's way too high.
Thirteen : The prodigal daughter returns.
House : You taking me up on my offer to off you?
UNK: I think I've still got some leftover propofol.
UNK: I spoke to Wilson.
House : He's angry because I want him to live longer. Who wouldn't be?
Thirteen : Friends respect each other's decisions,
Thirteen : even if they don't agree with them.
Thirteen : It's called loyalty.
House : Loyalty is a tool to get people
House : to do things they don't want to do.
Thirteen : But you do want to.
UNK: And you may have rationalized it 100 different ways,
Thirteen : but the fact is you fired me so that
Thirteen : I'd be forced to spend the rest of my life
Thirteen : doing exactly what I wanted to do.
Thirteen : It was probably the most selfless thing anyone has ever done for me.
Thirteen : And you don't even like me that much.
House : I surrender.
House : I have been a disloyal,
House : disrespectful jerk.
UNK: I should've listened to what you wanted.
Wilson : I'm still not letting my parents return your call.
UNK: I made a reservation for two at Carmine's. Tonight, 8 : 00.
UNK: No more tricks. No more manipulations.
Wilson : Said Machiavelli.
House : Just two friends enjoying the time they have left.
Wilson : Please, don't... I'm not.
House : I promise.
Wilson : Just dinner?
House : That depends on how much you have to drink.
Wilson : Sounds nice.
UNK: Mom.
Molly : I came as soon as I got your message.
Molly : Is he gonna be okay?
Adams : We're hoping it's just excess fluid
Adams : on his brain from an extreme migraine.