Adams : Which isn't good, but it's treatable.
Adams : He's scheduled to get an MRI as soon as these meds start taking effect.
Adams : We found that picture in his dorm room.
Adams : I'm not sure what Derrick's told you,
Adams : but he's been hearing Christopher's voice for the last 10 years.
Adams : And it's possible that repressing all that grief he's felt
Adams : is actually causing some of Derrick's symptoms.
Derrick : I don't even know if this voice in my head is something I invented,
Derrick : or if it's what Christopher was really like.
Derrick : With no photos, no video,
Derrick : my memories,
Derrick : I really don't have any anymore.
Derrick : Maybe you could just
Derrick : tell me a little bit about him?
Wilson : I'm sorry. It was a long drive in.
Molly : I'm gonna go get a coffee.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Seventy-nine years old and you told her she was pregnant.
House : Well, it cured her hiccups.
UNK: I'll say I didn't expect her to cry for quite so long.
House : Now, I know that the tiramisu is great here,
House : but I actually ordered off menu.
UNK: Greg, Hold you you didn't hang the bear bag high enough.
House : It was a smart bear.
House : I'm almost certain he untied my knots.
Wilson : Well, he wasn't that smart He left the Oreos behind.
House : You hiked for 32 miles eating nothing but creamy filling.
Wilson : The black stuff is overrated.
House : To climbing the hill.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : If I did decide to stick around a little longer...
House : Don't do that to me, Wilson.
Wilson : No, I'm not. I'm just...
Wilson : I do feel pretty good, and maybe I should try it.
Wilson : For a little while.
House : I think that's reasonable.
UNK: Are you conning me?
Wilson : You're conning me.
UNK: What?
House : Just because you folded, that means it must be some evil plan?
Wilson : Well, that's usually how it works with you. You drown me in nostalgia,
Wilson : so I'll think about our friendship and feel some kind of loyalty,
Wilson : and agree to more chemo.
UNK: Thai was real nostalgia, it was real emotion, it's a real decision.
Wilson : A decision that I just made for you.
House : I need you, okay.
Adams : because I don't know what I'm gonna do without you.
UNK: No! No. Don't do that
Wilson : I don't owe you anything.
Wilson : Our entire relationship has been about you.
Wilson : My dying is about me.
House : Look at you. You don't wanna die.
Wilson : Of course, I don't wanna die.
House : Then fight.
Wilson : I did. I tried.
House : One time.
Wilson : House, get out of my car.
House : You don't have to just accept this.
Wilson : Yes, I do have to accept this. I have five months to live.
Wilson : And you're making me go through this alone?
Wilson : I'm pissed because I'm dying. That's not fair.
Wilson : And I need...
Wilson : I need a friend.
Wilson : I need to know that you're there. I need...
Wilson : I need you to tell me that my life was worthwhile.
UNK: And I need you to tell me that you love me.
UNK: No.
House : I'm not gonna tell you that unless you fight.
Park : Blood vessels are non-reactive. It's not a migraine.
Park : Finishing up.