Foreman : You didn't tell him I was coming back?
House : She did. I said no.
Cuddy : When your extended job interview slash reality TV show
Cuddy : killed a patient,
Cuddy : you lost your veto power.
Cuddy : Everybody, this is Dr. Foreman. He will...
Amber : Does this mean there's one less slot for us?
Cuddy : It's still Dr. House's department.
Cuddy : He decides who stays, who goes...
House : Foreman goes.
Cuddy : But Dr. Foreman will be my eyes and ears.
Cuddy : You do nothing without his knowledge.
UNK: Oh!
House : Just in case I need them
House : where exactly will Dr. Foreman be keeping my balls?
UNK: If you wanna keep your jobs, that never happened.
House : The only way to get the cat burglar is to catch him in the act.
House : Give the patient a methacholine challenge.
House : See if it sets off laryngospasm.
Brennan : You want us to stop his breathing?
House : Well, only until you can figure out why.
House : After that, it would be irresponsible.
House : You and I should talk.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
Foreman : She didn't have to do that publicly.
House : Yes, she did.
House : She had to establish her dominance in front of them. Limit my power.
Foreman : There's nothing we can do.
House : Well, that's not the never-say-never Dr. Foreman I know.
House : There's lots we can do.
Foreman : Not really, Cuddy...
House : I can make you miserable.
Foreman : That's true.
House : Until you quit. Again.
House : So, why don't we just skip the middleman?
Foreman : I'm not quitting.
House : My God. Not everything's about you and your little job and your little world.
House : This is about restoring order in the universe.
Foreman : I'm not quitting.
UNK: You're gonna be miserable.
Foreman : I already am miserable.
Amber : Cuddy obviously thinks we're idiots.
UNK: She's not gonna let House hire any one of us.
Brennan : Tidal volume's holding at 1.2 liters. Increase the dose.
Amber : So, which master do we serve?
Amber : Whose ass do we have to kiss to get this job?
Brennan : You really want this job so bad?
Brennan : How about you try doing this job?
UNK: Double the dose to 16 milligrams per milliliter.
Patient : My foot's tingling.
Patient : Is that normal?
Brennan : No. What exactly does it...
Patient : And my stomach's killing me.
Patient : Could this test cause that stuff?
UNK: No.
Amber : Test was a bust.
Chase : Amber has moved down to even money.
Amber : We found two new symptoms.
UNK: Yep. Back to two to one.
UNK: What's going on? You're the favorite.
UNK: House's? To get fired.
Chase : You can bet against yourself. Lovely parting gift.
Amber : What's the limit?
Chase : Isn't one.
UNK: Five hundred on Kutner.
UNK: A thousand on Amber.
UNK: Do you take checks?
UNK: No.
Foreman : How do we connect abdominal pain and numbness in the extremities
Foreman : with respiratory collapse?
Brennan : Dissecting aortic aneurysm.
Foreman : Doesn't cover all three. What else?
House : Carry on. He's the boss.
Taub : What about a spinal cord lesion?