UNK: No fever, so it's gotta be a tiny infection, hard to find.
UNK: And you better find it fast.
House : This guy feels another cool breeze, his blood turns to slop and he drops.
House : I need three ways to pinpoint infection.
Kutner : Blood cultures.
House : Blood's clumpy. Nothing you can do with it.
Kutner : Unless we soak him in warm water before we draw it.
House : Good. What else?
Taub : Ultrasound his abdomen. Look for an abscess.
UNK: Good. Ladies and gentlemen?
House : I have a regrettable announcement.
House : Kitchen has just learned
House : that our annual shipment of mayonnaise was improperly stored,
House : so anybody who ate, well, the food
House : should head across the lobby to the clinic right away.
House : Ask for Dr. Cuddy.
Foreman : You're not punishing Cuddy.
Foreman : You're punishing every doctor in the building.
House : It's her building. Her doctors. Still need one more.
Cole : Well, we need to find out his history.
Cole : Where he's been, what he's done.
Brennan : Yeah. He has no memory, but his bio's tattooed to his rear?
Foreman : The mayo is fine. You can stay where you are. I'm a doctor.
House : Mail order. I've seen the diploma. There's two N's in University.
UNK: Big Love was right. History is the key.
Brennan : No ID, no wallet, no missing person's report filed for 100 miles...
House : The key is the key.
House : He had car keys in his pocket when he was admitted.
House : Keep him in the isolation room
House : so he doesn't pick up Extreme Bitch Syndrome from one of the nurses.
House : Run the ultrasound and the blood cultures.
Kutner : The cultures were my idea.
House : No one's keeping score.
House : You're losing.
House : Search the street where he was mugged. Find the car and the registration.
Cole : There could be thousands of cars.
UNK: Hey, why do I get this assignment?
House : Because, if you deal with the patient,
UNK: he's gonna wind up singing Osmond songs and proposing to five nurses at once.
UNK: 13 : I'll go with Cole.
UNK: Ooh!
House : We have a love connection.
Amber : Make a fist.
Amber : Little pinch.
Patient : Wow. That's a strong pinch.
Amber : This thing works. You're lucky you've got me.
Amber : My colleague wanted to cook you in boiling water.
Patient : That's right, baby. My blood's that good.
Amber : That's supposed to be me, right?
UNK: No.
UNK: That's me. I'm always right. Gotta be.
Amber : I don't think I'm always...
UNK: If they don't like you, you've gotta be right, or you're not worth anything.
Taub : Infections can hide deep beneath the skin.
Taub : This will find them.
Patient : Who was that last doctor?
Taub : Dr. Amber Volakis.
Patient : Don't really need her name.
Taub : Wait. You saying that you...
UNK: I want her?
Patient : Don't know what you want. Don't care what you want.
Taub : I'm married.
Patient : So am I.
Taub : Even if I wasn't, she's a little too aggressive for me.
UNK: Hey.
Patient : Aggressive is never a bad thing.