Bollinger : Look, politics is politics, but I'm not a bad guy.
UNK: I figured as long as I was ahead in the polls, there was no reason to use it.
Beckett : That's Councilman Horn?
Castle : And that is not his wife.
UNK: I gotta hand it to Councilman Horny.
Castle : He is incredibly flexible for a guy his age.
Castle : Look at that. You ever do that?
Beckett : - Would you put those away? - I'm just saying
UNK: he's gotta do yoga or Pilates or something.
Beckett : Why is it always the "family value" guys
Beckett : that get caught with their pants down?
Castle : 'Cause the universe loves irony.
Castle : And because most people are hypocrites.
Beckett : And what was that girl thinking?
Beckett : That he would leave his wife and kids for her?
Castle : - That is so sexist. - How is that so sexist?
Castle : You assume that just because she's a woman,
Castle : that she was after a relationship.
UNK: Did you ever think maybe she was in it for the sex?
Beckett : Yes, I did. And then I saw him.
Castle : What was it that turned you off? That he was wearing a rug?
Castle : Too soon?
Beckett : I just hope that the PI can help us.
Beckett : - Beckett. - Yo!
Esposito : So the rug is a dead end.
Esposito : According to housekeeping, they dumped
UNK: a couple dozen of them last week.
UNK: Half of them went into the dumpsters,
Esposito : half of them were donated to thrift shops.
UNK: No, I already have a boyfriend.
Esposito : Creason's clientele is known for being hard on rooms.
UNK: - Right there. Do it. - Yeah.
UNK: It's fine. What?
Ryan : Dude, dude! Not cool, not cool!
Esposito : So, you have my card.
UNK: My personal cell phone's on the back if you have any more information...
UNK: Bruce Kirby : Are you sure I can't tempt you?
Beckett : No thanks, Mr. Kirby. I'm on duty.
Kirby : Never stopped me.
Beckett : You were on the job?
Kirby : Twenty years out of the 134.
UNK: Of course, back then, we had other cops as partners,
Kirby : not second-rate novelists.
Beckett : Yeah, don't get me started.
UNK: Excuse me. "Second-rate"?
UNK: "Hot lead poured out of cold steel"? Come on, it's not exactly Shakespeare.
UNK: Will you put that down?
Beckett : How long were you working for the Bollinger campaign, Mr. Kirby?
UNK: Oh, a couple weeks. But it was a fun one.
Kirby : Mr. Family Values tells his wife that he's gonna work late,
Kirby : probably crash at the office.
Kirby : Twenty minutes later, he is "polling his constituency. "
Beckett : What about the girl?
Kirby : What I could see, she was worth every cent.
Beckett : - She was a pro? - You don't think with a body like that
UNK: she's gonna swoon over his stump speeches, do you?
Castle : Makes you wonder what else he had a taste for.
Beckett : And what it led to. Do you have an address?
UNK: Strictly outcall.
Kirby : You know, whores used to have street corners,
Kirby : and now they have websites.
UNK: Damn! Those are some seriously fine five-star class-B misdemeanors.
Ryan : Dude, between you and me, you ever pay for it?
Castle : Are you counting my marriages?
Castle : Wait, stop! That's the girl in the photos.
Ryan : Look at her. If I had your money...
Beckett : This isn't phone sex, Ryan.
Beckett : You don't just pay for the two minutes that you used.
Beckett : The 800 number is registered to a PO box from out of state.
UNK: We're gonna have to get cyber to track down the IP, see where it's hosted.
UNK: Well, what if the IP's out of state, too?
Esposito : We just coordinate with local PDs.
Ryan : If they're willing to cooperate.
Beckett : Sites like these are designed to evade authorities.
Beckett : We'll get there. It'll just take us some time.
Castle : Or you could just do it the easy way.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Hi! My name's Richard.
Castle : I'm a very generous man
Castle : looking to arrange a very special date with Tiffany.
Castle : Just give me a call on my phone, which is 347-555-0179. Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, you can't just call and arrange a date with a prostitute.
Beckett : - Why not? - Because we're the police.
UNK: No, no, no, no. You're the police.
Castle : I'm just a lonely upscale gentleman looking for a date. Bet I find her first.
UNK: Delivery Guy : Is there a Rick Castle here?
Castle : Right here.
UNK: Delivery Guy : - Where do you want it, boss? - Straight through there.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : - You are gonna love this. - No, I'm pretty sure I won't.
Castle : Guys, guys, guys.
UNK: Yeah, just put it right over there.
Castle : Perfect. Lift with your knees, man. Stay here for one second, would you?
Castle : Because you guys have been so wonderfully hospitable to me,
UNK: I just want to return the favor.
Castle : And because your coffee is basically crap, I got you an espresso machine!