Tiffany : The sex is just a way for them to feel connected again.
UNK: Okay, when was the last time that you and Councilman Horn "connected"?
Tiffany : Couple of weeks ago.
Tiffany : He came to me, hysterical. He said that he couldn't see me anymore.
Castle : What happened? His wife find out?
Tiffany : No. Someone else.
Tiffany : He said that he was being blackmailed. Someone had photos of us.
Castle : - Who? - He didn't know.
Tiffany : At first, he thought it was me.
Tiffany : He got upset, and then he panicked. He thought that I had told my friends.
Beckett : And did you?
UNK: It may surprise you, Detective, but I have dreams of my own.
Tiffany : Look, this just pays the bills.
Tiffany : If our relationship ever went public,
Tiffany : he's not the only one that would be ruined.
Castle : You said he panicked.
Tiffany : Yeah, he was desperate to find out who was behind it.
Tiffany : He wanted to cut a deal.
Tiffany : He said that he couldn't keep making payoffs
Tiffany : without the campaign finding out.
UNK: Politics, escorts and blackmail. This just keeps getting better.
UNK: The councilman was looking for his blackmailer. What if he found him?
Castle : He gets violent, the blackmailer responds.
Beckett : And then tries covering what he's done by implicating Creason.
Castle : So all you need to do is find your blackmailer.
Bollinger : That's impossible. I kept those photos under lock and key.
UNK: No offense, Jason, but your desk isn't exactly Fort Knox.
Beckett : If somebody knew about them, they wouldn't be difficult to get.
Bollinger : Do you know how many people are in and out of this office?
Beckett : - No, but I would like a list. - Now, wait a minute.
Bollinger : You intend on opening up an investigation on my campaign
UNK: with two weeks left in the election?
UNK: What are you trying to do, cost me the race?
Castle : What are you worried about? You're running unopposed.
Bollinger : Not anymore.
Bollinger : Laurie Horn announced that she's running for her husband's seat.
UNK: Yesterday, I had an eight-point lead.
Bollinger : With the sympathy bump, by tonight we'll be tied.