Beckett : Sure I can, until a jury tells me otherwise.
Creason : You are wasting my time.
UNK: Detective, look, I told you exactly what I was doing last night.
Beckett : Right. You were at the club.
UNK: They said that you made quite the entrance.
Beckett : Supermodel on each arm.
UNK: Yeah. You know, the last time I checked, it's not a crime, is it?
Beckett : No. But you know what it is? Memorable.
Castle : Here it comes, and...
UNK: Booyah.
Castle : Asleep? You are lame!
UNK: You're so la-la-la-lame!
UNK: between the hours of 11 : 00 and 12 : 00 last night, Mr. Creason?
Nesbit : - Creason... - Hold on one sec.
UNK: No.
Beckett : So you had motive and opportunity.
UNK: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on one sec, hold on.
Creason : I didn't kill him, I had no reason to.
Beckett : He was in your way.
Creason : Yeah, but not for long.
UNK: I knew he was gonna lose the election, okay?
Creason : So I didn't have to kill him, all I had to do was wait.
UNK: You couldn't be sure that he was gonna lose the election.
Creason : Yes, actually, I could.
Creason : What do you know about Jason Bollinger,
Creason : Horn's opponent in the race?
UNK: Jason Bollinger : - Is the statement ready? - Mike's still working on it.
Bollinger : and I want my quote of outrage and sympathy in the damn article.
Bollinger : I'm sorry, it's been all hands on deck since we found out.
Bollinger : If you don't handle these things right, you get crucified.
UNK: - Mr. Bollinger, I was... - Mr. Bollinger's my father.
Bollinger : - Call me Jason. - Okay, Jason.
Beckett : How well do you know Calvin Creason?
UNK: Oh, he threw me a couple of fundraisers. We met a few times. Why?
UNK: Well, he seems to think that you have some information on Horn.
Beckett : Something that would guarantee you the election.
Beckett : - Castle? - Sorry.
Bollinger : - Come on. - Opposition research?
Bollinger : Conducted by a licensed private investigator.
Bollinger : Listen, I want to stress that everything we did
Bollinger : was completely vetted by our lawyers.
Bollinger : None of it was illegal.
Bollinger : We were just trying to determine if the councilman
Bollinger : had any significant vulnerabilities.
Castle : - And you found some. - Oh, yes.