Creason : Detective, when I go out, everybody sees me.
Beckett : Thank you very much, Mr. Creason.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: I wanna take a shower.
Castle : - Where to next? - To check his alibi.
Castle : Actually, that may not be necessary.
Beckett : Why not?
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Promise not to hate me.
Beckett : - I already hate you. - Fair enough.
Castle : This morning, with the body, I took a couple of pictures.
Beckett : You took photos of my crime scene?
UNK: Before you get mad, I e-mailed a couple of them to a friend of mine.
Beckett : - You e-mailed them to a friend. - Well, not exactly a friend.
Castle : She's my interior decorator. But then we slept together,
Castle : so I don't really know what she is now.
Beckett : - What the hell were you thinking? - I know, right?
Castle : You work together, you think it'll be fun, but then it always makes things weird.
Castle : It's a real cautionary tale.
Beckett : I'm talking about the photographs. Of the body.
Castle : What? No!
Castle : I didn't send her pictures of the body. I sent her pictures of the rug.
UNK: I thought maybe she might be able to tell me where it came from.
Castle : And guess what? She did.
Beckett : That's the rug.
Beckett : That's the same rug.
UNK: Don't gloat, okay, 'cause it's really unattractive.
Castle : Now can we arrest him?
UNK: - I feel you, man. - Yeah, okay.
Beckett : He didn't arrive at the club until after midnight.
Castle : So what do we do now? Wait for his lawyer to show up?
Beckett : Actually, we follow other leads. It's something that we call "working. "
Castle : Other leads! Good. Since we both know he didn't do it.
UNK: Creason? What makes you think he didn't do it?
Castle : Isn't it obvious? All the evidence points to him.
Beckett : And that somehow makes him not guilty?
Castle : - He's totally the red herring. - The red herring?
UNK: An innocent character who appears guilty.
Beckett : I know what a red herring is, Castle.
Beckett : It's a literary device used in literature.
Beckett : In real life, we don't dismiss a suspect just because he appears too guilty.
UNK: Besides, I thought you wanted to arrest him.
Castle : Yeah, because he's a tool, not because he's guilty.
Castle : The guy's a multimillionaire. He's not gonna be dumb enough
Castle : to wrap a dead body up in his own rug.
Beckett : It doesn't matter. Those rugs were custom-designed for Creason's hotel,
Beckett : so we know he's connected.
Beckett : - Hey, Esposito! - Yeah.
UNK: See what you can find on that rug.
UNK: If one went missing, what room it's from, and maybe who had access.
Castle : - Yeah. - Thanks.
Esposito : Road trip.
Castle : You're very good at bossing men around.
Castle : I've noticed.
Beckett : You're telling me that it's just a coincidence
Beckett : that a man whose murder you celebrated by drinking champagne
Beckett : was found wrapped in a rug from your hotel?
Lawyer : There are identical rugs in every room of the Axium.
Lawyer : You can't expect my client to be responsible for their whereabouts.