Masters : That was brilliant.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : It's understandable.
House : I hate when you do that.
House : You respond to what you think I'm thinking
House : because you think that I think like you do.
House : It's insulting and annoying.
Wilson : You're scared because nothing excites you.
Wilson : Fun doesn't excite you.
Wilson : Puzzles don't excite you.
Wilson : What's left?
Wilson : And I was saying, you're right.
Wilson : You're upset, you're depressed.
UNK: Everything's going to taste a little worse right now,
Wilson : but it'll pass.
Wilson : It's understandable.
House : You're scared because you think I'm falling apart,
House : and you're trying to convince yourself that you're overreacting.
UNK: : Keeps ringing.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : House, there's no infection in this guy's brain.
Foreman : CT's clean.
House : Well, that sucks.
UNK: Now we're going to have to blow up his heart.
Foreman : We're not blowing up his heart because we've ruled out his heart.
Foreman : MRI and transesophageal echo reveal no swelling, no masses,
Foreman : no vegetation, no sign of anything.
UNK: Because we're looking the wrong way.
House : There's an imperfection.
House : How do you find where?
UNK: I don't know, I'd get a magnifying glass...
House : You suck.
House : Feel free to interpret that both ways.
UNK: You suck on the straw, see where the drink leaks.
UNK: So you're saying we put pressure on his aorta
Chase : until it rips open?
Chase : You do realize the downside of that?
House : If we don't rip it, the damage from the infection will.
House : Probably not when he's got his chest open in an OR
House : where it can be repaired inside the 60 seconds
House : it'll take him to bleed to death.
Chase : It's a ridiculous idea, it won't work.
House : If you don't mind,
UNK: I have to go get this guy's approval to rip his heart open.
UNK: Hey.
House : We think you have a Bartonella infection,
House : which caused a mycotic aneurysm in your aortic wall.
House : We need to find it, which means we need to blow up your heart.
House : And yes, I'm as serious as a heart attack.
House : We're going to increase your blood pressure
House : until the weak spot in your aortic wall explodes.
House : Hopefully we'll be able to fix it before you bleed to death.
House : Any questions?
UNK: No.
UNK: Really?
House : You don't even want to know if you'll be able to go back to bull riding?
Lane : I assume no.
Lane : I mean, you've already cracked open my skull,
UNK: and now you're going to blow up my heart.
UNK: I thought you loved those eight seconds.
Cuddy : I do.
Lane : And now you're telling me
Lane : that I got to give them up.
Lane : I can always find something else to love.
UNK: House.
Cuddy : We need to talk.
Cuddy : You didn't expect me to say yes
Cuddy : to rupturing his aorta, did you?
House : Since I didn't ask, I wasn't expecting you to say anything at all.
Cuddy : You have no reason to believe this will save his life.
UNK: Really?
Cuddy : No reason. None at all.
House : I'm just planning on cracking open his chest, blowing up his heart,
House : what, to pad his bill?
House : Or you think that since you broke my heart I want to break his?
Foreman : I don't know.
Cuddy : I think maybe you're looking for something that can excite you,
Cuddy : fill a void.
Cuddy : And it's affecting your judgment.
House : You're right, I am.
House : But my damaged, depressed, drug-addled judgment
House : is still better than yours or any other doctor in this hospital.
UNK: And my team is going to do this procedure and save his life.
House : So, you can either have security arrest me and my team,