Taub : It's interesting.
Masters : No, it's not.
Masters : It's mundane and simple.
Masters : He's obviously
Masters : a very blessed specimen, so from an evolutionary point of view,
Masters : he'd produce healthy off-spring.
Masters : So my pre-frontal cortex is telling me I should have sex with him.
Taub : Oh. Is that all?
Masters : Yes. My rational brain knows he's a hillbilly and an idiot.
Taub : And yet somehow your rational brain is losing the argument.
Taub : Which is interesting.
Wilson : You were bored.
Wilson : You must have spent about two days setting up a fake murder,
Wilson : and you were bored.
House : I'm fine.
Foreman : You're not.
Wilson : And I'm worried you might do something even stupider.
Wilson : Why don't you move back in with me?
Wilson : At least until you get back on track.
House : What an ego.
House : You think you're some sort of emotional paragon, you're my rock.
Wilson : I'm trying to be a friend.
UNK: At least I had the good sense not to marry every woman I fall into bed with.
House : Maybe you should move in with me.
Wilson : Either way, if you prefer...
House : I prefer you to stop talking about this.
Wilson : House, we haven't even started talking about this,
Wilson : except to establish the fact that you're fine,
Wilson : which clearly you aren't.
House : Leave me alone!
UNK: No.
House : We are going to talk about this,
UNK: and we're going to deal with this.
House : So I have no choice.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Unless...
UNK: Unless...
UNK: Yes!
House : I do! I do have legs!
House : I see you didn't factor those into your brilliant plan.
Taub : Lane, can you try to hold still?
Wilson : I'm trying.
Lane : Real hard.
Taub : Guy is tough, I'll give him that.
Masters : My pre-frontal cortex is a little aroused.
Masters : Just get the damn picture.
Masters : Rib temp is at 158.
Taub : I don't have a clear view of his aorta yet.
UNK: This isn't going to work, we have to stop.
Taub : No, you're trying to protect him instead of trying to save him.
Masters : He's smoking!
Masters : Literally. You ass!
Taub : Five more seconds. No!
Masters : Getting a good image isn't going to mean anything
Masters : if he doesn't have a rib cage.
Lane : Got it!
Taub : The images,
Taub : they're normal.
UNK: You're going to have to talk to him eventually.
Wilson : He needs you.
Cuddy : I love him.
Cuddy : And I know he loves me.
Cuddy : But I just can't...
Wilson : He needs you in his life.
Wilson : Even if you're not sleeping with him, he needs you.
Wilson : Without you...
Cuddy : You can't go backwards.
Cuddy : I can't fix his problem.
Cuddy : I am his problem.
UNK: If the infection is not in his heart, it's in his brain.