UNK: Twentieth and P, near Dupont Circle.
Mccord : This is McCord. We need to acquire a target near Dupont Circle.
Beckett : We're losing her again.
Beckett : - She's gone. - Richmond.
Richmond : She must have ducked into a store.
Richmond : - Or an alley. - Or the metro.
UNK: Damn it. Stand by.
Beckett : Can you display the route that she was following?
UNK: Okay. It's analyzing her path.
UNK: COMPUTER BEEPING
Beckett : It doesn't look like she was taking a direct route.
BECKETT : It's like she's using evasive tactics.
UNK: Okay, so if she started off in Rosemont,
Beckett : her general trajectory leads to...
Beckett : Union Station. - She's making a run for it.
Ryan : You know, I don't think Jenny and I have been apart
Ryan : for more than two days since we met. It's gotta be rough.
UNK: Just feel like we're so far out of sync, I don't know how to get back.
UNK: I guess I was just trying to make it feel like us again.
Esposito : Yeah, by playing me and Ryan for chumps.
UNK: You should've known we were gonna figure out this case was real.
Castle : Well, you'll be happy to know that for my sins,
Castle : I was abducted by a maniac at gunpoint and nearly killed.
Castle : But, at least I didn't get Beckett fired.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, abducted? By who?
Castle : Look, guys, I really shouldn't be talking about this.
UNK: SIGHS
Ryan : Come on, Castle. It's us.
Esposito : And thanks to you, we're already involved.
UNK: Okay, but this goes no further, all right?
UNK: So, I'm just walking down the street,
Castle : and this guy that they're looking for grabs me, shoves me into a car,
Castle : starts talking crazy, asking all these questions.
Esposito : What kind of questions?
Castle : Something about Valkyrie.
Castle : And then I thought he was gonna pass out,
Castle : because he was talking about going off to dream world,
Castle : but he didn't pass out. He dropped dead.
UNK: Uh, this guy, was he military?
UNK: Why, is "Valkyrie" a military term?
Esposito : I don't know about Valkyrie. But Dreamworld?
Esposito : It's a highly classified special operations base in the Gulf.
Esposito : It's a ghost base.
Esposito : The government's never confirmed its existence.
UNK: But I met a guy who knew a guy who was stationed there.
Castle : Where is it?
Esposito : It's a ghost base, Castle. You think he's gonna say where it is?
Esposito : No. But I will tell you this,
Esposito : if Beckett's case has anything to do with this base,
Esposito : well, then she's into something way bigger than she realizes.
UNK: ANNOUNCEMENT ON PA SYSTEM
UNK: There.
UNK: Target is moving into the mezzanine. Close in.
Beckett : No, wait! Not yet.
Mccord : Stand by. Would you like her to catch a train?
Beckett : No, something else is going on.
Beckett : She abandoned her car in Rosemont and then she came all the way up here?
Mccord : Maybe she thought she was being followed.
Beckett : Then why didn't she just hop the train in Alexandria?
Mccord : Maybe the line she wants only leaves from here.
Beckett : Or maybe she's meeting her buyer here.
Beckett : You're the one that told me to follow my instincts,
Beckett : and my instincts say that we should wait.
Mccord : I give your instincts two minutes.
Mccord : Hold positions.
McCORD : Where is she? Where did she go?
UNK: I knew it. I knew we shouldn't have done this.
Beckett : No, by the lockers.
UNK: BEEPING
Beckett : Jeanette Miller, federal agents. You're under arrest.
Beckett : - What? What? - Let's do this quietly.
UNK: - Please step away. - What did I do?