Jeanette : Look, I told you, I have never seen this before in my life.
Mccord : Then what was it doing in that locker?
Beckett : Trafficking government property, jeopardizing national security, treason.
Beckett : Each one is punishable by life imprisonment.
Mccord : Or worse. What was the plan, anyway?
Mccord : Did someone hire you and Jack Bronson to steal it?
Jeanette : You don't understand.
Jeanette : This isn't how it looks.
UNK: Really? Because you dumped your phone,
Mccord : and then you dumped your car and you dyed your hair.
Beckett : Clearly, you're trying to disappear.
Jeanette : Because Jack was in trouble! He's being set up. We both are.
Hendricks : - Jeanette... - Listen,
Jeanette : he got a call a couple of nights ago.
Jeanette : Someone wanting to meet him at a golf course.
Jeanette : And whatever they said freaked Jack out,
Jeanette : so he went out there, but the guy never showed.
Castle : And then when he heard about the break-in,
UNK: he realized they'd set him up.
Pi : - Who? - He didn't know.
Jeanette : But Jack was scared, and Jack does not get scared.
UNK: And he said that we needed to go on the run
Jeanette : until he could figure out what was going on.
Jeanette : And he told me to go to his locker at Union Station,
Jeanette : that there'd be money there
UNK: and he'd meet up with me when he could.
Beckett : Okay, if he wasn't involved, then how did that end up in his locker?
Castle : I don't know. Maybe it's part of the set-up.
Villante : - What's Valkyrie? - "Valkyrie"?
Mccord : What did Jack tell you about Valkyrie?
Jeanette : Look, where is Jack? Do you know where he is?
Castle : Oh, no.
McCORD : She had the encryption system,
Mccord : she had the overseas contacts,
Mccord : and yet, after everything she did,
UNK: she really expects us to believe she wasn't involved.
Beckett : Well, people do crazy things when they're in love.
Mccord : I noticed.
Mccord : Don't tell me you believe her.
Beckett : Well, she's right. Bronson was being set up.
Mccord : And why do you think that?
Beckett : The tools in his apartment,
Beckett : the security footage from the golf course,
Beckett : even the encryption system in his locker.
Beckett : Someone with his training wouldn't be that sloppy.
Mccord : You know what the hardest thing about this job is?
UNK: What?
Mccord : Knowing when to stop doing this job.
UNK: SCOFFS
Mccord : We have the encryption system, we got the bad guy.
Mccord : This is a victory.
Beckett : I wasn't wrong in the train station, and I'm not wrong here.
Beckett : There is something that we're missing.
Mccord : Okay. Let's just say someone did have it out for Bronson.
Mccord : Why would they go through all the effort to orchestrate a blackout,
Mccord : break into a secure government facility,
Mccord : only to steal something that they knew we'd recover?
Mccord : There are many easier ways to set someone up.
Beckett : Wait... I mean, you're right!
Castle : Why would someone go through all the trouble
Mccord : to steal something just so that we would recover it?
Beckett : Unless it was a diversion.
Beckett : What if it wasn't the encryption system that they were really after?
Mccord : They just wanted us to think that that's what they were after.
UNK: And the air shaft that they used to access Cybertech,
UNK: they could've used that to access any of the floors in that same building.
Mccord : Cybertech is on floors three and four.
UNK: Right.
UNK: KEYBOARD CLACKING
UNK: And five and six are a genetics lab.
Beckett : Seven is a consulting firm.
Beckett : And eight...
UNK: Uh, there are no details about the tenant on eight.
Beckett : It says it's classified.
Beckett : What's on eight?
Alexis : Are you coming, Dad? Dinner's ready.
UNK: Yes. I'd best hurry.
Castle : I wouldn't want my papaya steak to get cold.
Alexis : Have you even tried them? They're delicious.
UNK: Maybe you should start without me. I'm right in the middle of something.
Alexis : You're not avoiding Pi, are you?
Castle : No, sweetheart. I'm just doing some research for a story.
UNK: Are you sure you're not still looking into Beckett's case?
Alexis : - Even after you promised not to? - KNOCKING ON DOOR
MARTHA : I'll get it.
Castle : Look, it's fine. No one's ever gonna know.
Martha : Richard, these men are here for you. They say they're federal agents.
Mccord : Mr. Castle, you need to come with us right away.
Castle : What is this about?
Agent : - Please, sir. Just come with us. - Why?
Castle : Wait a minute, you can't just take him away...
UNK: Just do me a favor, call up my lawyer.
Castle : - And call Beckett. - Dad, this... Dad!
UNK: Okay. Oh, my God.
Castle : Beckett. Finally.
Castle : What's going on? Why won't anyone talk to me?
Castle : And why would they take my blood?
Beckett : Castle, you know that case that I've been investigating,
UNK: the break-in and the theft?
Beckett : Well, it turns out there's more to it than we thought.
UNK: Are you gonna waterboard me?
Castle : Because that would seriously affect our relationship.
Beckett : No, babe. Can you listen for a second?
UNK: Um.
Beckett : It turns out that something else was stolen
Beckett : from another lab in that building.
Beckett : It was a chemical agent that they were working on for the military,
Beckett : but it was deemed too dangerous to use.
Beckett : The amount stolen was enough to kill thousands of people.
UNK: Isn't this "need to know" stuff? Why are you telling me?
Beckett : Because that toxin was used to kill Jack Bronson,
Beckett : the man who abducted you.
Beckett : It was aerosolized.
Beckett : It was placed in the ventilation system of his car.
Castle : I was in that car.
Castle : Was I...
Castle : How bad?
Beckett : Based on the amount found in your bloodstream,
Beckett : you have less than a day to live.