UNK: All right. So...
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Only four months away. I wanna be ready.
UNK: It's gonna be a long four months.
UNK: TELEPHONE RINGING
UNK: Esposito.
Castle : Sito! It's me.
Esposito : Castle? I'll put you on speaker.
UNK: So where you been, bro? You've missed, like, three Halo nights.
Castle : I told you, I was on a book tour.
UNK: Yeah? Did you tell your book groupies you're engaged now?
Castle : You're swaddling that doll right now, aren't you?
Esposito : So listen, we just finished a case. Come have a drink with us after work.
Castle : I'd love to, but I'm working on a case of my own right now.
Castle : For my next book.
UNK: Oh, so you just called us 'cause you need some expert technical consulting?
Castle : Well, since you offered,
Castle : I'm writing a scene about someone trying to investigate a crime
Castle : using only one evidence photo,
Castle : a crime involving national security.
Ryan : So your hero's a spy?
Castle : More like a ruggedly handsome everyman.
UNK: Anyway, the photo is of a blown transformer.
Castle : So I pulled a random photo of a transformer off the Internet,
Castle : and there's a serial number on the side.
Castle : I'm trying to determine
Castle : how much my character could figure out just from that number.
UNK: I'm wondering if my character's police buddies might have any resources.
Esposito : Well, if your hero's fictional cop buddies are anything like your real cop buddies,
Esposito : then they'd have real work to get back to. So, bye-bye now.
Castle : What if our hero was offering Knicks floor seats?
Esposito : - What's that serial number? - Yeah.
UNK: A-P-5-7-3-9-2-1-5.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Here we go. The "AP" stands for Allegra Power.
UNK: Tory Ellis : They service Northern Virginia.
CASTLE : And would it be possible to trace
Castle : the location of that transformer using that number?
WOMAN : Yeah, sure.
Tory : The transformer with that serial number controls a 10-square-block region
UNK: of the Ashton Heights neighborhood in Arlington.
Castle : Thanks, you guys. You saved the story.
Tory : Whoa, guys.
Tory : That exact transformer was sabotaged two nights ago.
Tory : And the Feds are investigating.
UNK: Arlington? Isn't that Beckett's backyard?
Esposito : Castle, is this a real case?
UNK: Well, actually, I...
UNK: STAMMERING Tunnel... call... later...
UNK: DISCONNECTS CALL
UNK: Smooth. All right,
Castle : why would someone blow up a transformer?
UNK: Terrorism? No, that would've been in the news.
Castle : To cause a blackout?
Castle : How does a blackout affect national security?
Beckett : The blackout momentarily shut down
UNK: the Cybertech building's security system.
UNK: Now, this particular facility houses a number of government contractors,
Beckett : one of them is Cybertech Transnational.
Mccord : Someone gained access to Cybertech's clean room
Mccord : and stole a highly classified hardware security module.
Mccord : This is that module that contains an encryption system
UNK: that serves as the gateway to the military satellite network.
Beckett : Whoever took it is capable of shutting that satellite network down completely.
Mccord : Leaving a large portion of our military's defenses blind.
Villante : What do we know about our thieves?
Mccord : Not much. There's no prints, no trace DNA.
Mccord : But it was a highly complex operation.
BECKETT : So we believe whoever pulled this off
Beckett : had to have had military training, or stealth ops.
Beckett : They had to blow up the transformer,
Beckett : disable the backup generators, then climb up this air shaft.
Mccord : And they had to do it all extremely quickly.
Mccord : Because, even though the blackout defeated the security cameras,
Mccord : they reset on battery power five minutes later.
Villante : There's no way this operation took less than five minutes.
Villante : We must have video footage of them leaving.
Hendricks : No, sir. We scrubbed the entire video. There's nothing.
Beckett : Could they still be in the building?
UNK: No, not if they're alive.
UNK: A thermal imaging sweep of the entire premises came up negative.
UNK: They must've found a way out that didn't take them past the cameras.
Hendricks : There isn't one, sir.
Hendricks : The outside of the building has 100% coverage.
Beckett : What about under the building?
Mccord : Under it?
Beckett : A research facility dealing with sensitive materials
Beckett : would need to have some sort of flood controls.
Beckett : Can you pull up a map of the drainage system in the area?
Mccord : Drainage tunnels go right under the building.
HENDRICKS : We thought of that.
Hendricks : We checked all the access points, including the drainage grates.
Hendricks : They're all welded shut.