Villante : It could be the name of Bronson's contact or buyer.
UNK: They must've found out we were on to him and taken him out.
Mccord : Which means the encryption system's in play.
Beckett : Sir, I know what this looks like, but I swear to you,
Beckett : Castle's not involved in any of this.
Villante : We know he isn't.
UNK: We have ATM footage on him being abducted at gunpoint,
Villante : just like he said.
UNK: Then why did you...
Villante : I needed to make sure he told us everything he knew.
UNK: And given your fiancé's history, he needed to learn once and for all
Villante : to keep his nose out of federal business.
Villante : Any word yet on how Bronson died?
Mccord : They're doing the autopsy right now.
Hendricks : Sir, we've got something.
Beckett : - What about Castle? - Let him sweat.
Beckett : I'm sorry.
HENDRICKS : So this is Jeanette Miller,
Hendricks : Bronson's girlfriend and most likely his accomplice.
Hendricks : They've been dating for six months.
Hendricks : Phone records show that Bronson called her a number of times
Hendricks : right before he abducted Mr. Castle.
Hendricks : And get this, she worked as an aide to Senator Shelton.
UNK: Shelton is a ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee.
Mccord : She'd have the connections
Mccord : to help Bronson move the encryption system out of the country.
Villante : She's part of this. Find her, you find that system.
Villante : You have a location on her?
UNK: We tracked the GPS in her phone to a street in Rosemont.
Hendricks : But when we moved in a few minutes ago,
Hendricks : we found the phone and her car both abandoned.
Mccord : She's off the grid. She knows we're looking for her.
Villante : I want every inch of this city under surveillance.
Villante : You tap into every sidewalk, traffic and mass transit video feed.
UNK: Run everything through facial recognition with a 70% match.
Villante : She may have altered her appearance. I want her found.
Mccord : Got it, sir.
Villante : Not you, Beckett.
Villante : You and I have something else to discuss.
Castle : Please tell me there's something stronger than coffee in there.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: So, how much trouble am I in?
Beckett : Not as much as me.
Beckett : Look, Castle...
Castle : I can't make it like it was before, can I?
Beckett : Maybe it'll be better.
UNK: I mean, this way, when we come home at the end of each day,
Beckett : we'll have something to talk about, like normal couples.
Castle : Only your day will be classified.
UNK: We're gonna make this work. I promise.
Beckett : I'll have a couple of days off after this case,
Beckett : and we'll figure it out. But, until then...
UNK: You don't have to say it.
Castle : I'll be on the first flight out in the morning.
UNK: Mr. C! Qué pasa?
UNK: Pi.
Castle : Where's Alexis?
Pi : She went shopping with her grandma.
Pi : I volunteered to make dinner tonight,
Pi : and I'm just getting a jump on the prep.
Pi : Can I count you in on a nice, juicy steak?
Castle : These aren't steaks.
Pi : It's papaya steak. It's the juiciest steak there is!
Castle : This is all fruit.
Pi : I'm fruitarian.
Castle : Of course you are.
Pi : It's all that I eat.
Pi : Original diet of mankind. Nutrition as God intended.
UNK: GRUNTS
Castle : You know, Pi, don't take this the wrong way,
Castle : but how long do you plan on staying at Casa DE Castle?
Beckett : You know, I'm actually in a little bit of a bind.
Pi : See, I live in Amsterdam,
UNK: but I, uh, kind of lost my passport.
UNK: But, hey, you don't wanna hear about my troubles.
Pi : You've got your own, right?
Castle : I do now. You are gonna clean all this up?
Pi : Mr. C,
UNK: I get the feeling things didn't go too well in DC with your fiancée, did they?
Castle : No, Pi. They did not.
Pi : You know, sometimes the best thing to do is talk about it.
Castle : You know what? You're absolutely right.
Pi : Where are you going?
Castle : Going to find someone to talk about it with.
UNK: COMPUTER SCANNING