UNK: Check 'em again.
McCORD : If they did use the tunnels,
Mccord : they wouldn't have wanted to travel too far.
Mccord : So they'd need to access the drainage system from a nearby area.
Mccord : One that's inactive at night.
UNK: Like...
Beckett : this golf course.
McCORD : Thanks.
UNK: SIGHS That was Hendricks from the building.
Mccord : Turns out someone did pry open the drain grate,
Mccord : then welded it on the way out.
Mccord : There's hope for you, Beckett.
Beckett : Well, at least we know we're on the right track.
Beckett : Excuse me. Federal agents.
UNK: Security Guard : Is this about the blackout the other night?
Mccord : Yeah, how did you know that?
Guard : Like I told the other guy, I wasn't here.
Guard : So, you'll have to talk to Watkins.
Mccord : What other guy?
Mccord : What the hell is he doing here?
Mccord : - What did you tell him? - Nothing!
Mccord : I know he was your partner in New York...
Beckett : No, no, I swear, I didn't say anything to him.
Mccord : Then why is he here?
UNK: CHUCKLES Agent Beckett, Agent McCord.
Castle : What are you guys doing here?
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Castle : Well, I figured since Beckett was working,
Castle : I'd just get in a few rounds.
Mccord : Where are your clubs?
UNK: Crap.
Mccord : Do you realize what would happen
Mccord : if I told the chief that he was here?
Mccord : You would be kicked off the team.
Mccord : Not to mention obstruction charges against you.
Mccord : This is my one and only warning.
Mccord : The next time I see you, it better be on a book jacket.
Castle : Wow. Okay, she is not invited to the wedding.
UNK: "Get in a few rounds"?
Castle : What did you want me to say? That you accidentally left out
Castle : your evidence photo of the blown transformer?
UNK: Castle, you went through my classified photos?
Beckett : What the hell were you doing?
Castle : Trying to help. I didn't think I'd get caught.
UNK: - Yeah, well, you did. - Yeah.
Beckett : How'd you get here anyway? I mean, why are you here?
Castle : Well, the transformer led me to a research park
Castle : where all the tenants have government contracts.
Castle : I figured maybe they're using the blackout
Castle : to circumvent the security system,
UNK: but they're not just gonna waltz in through the front door.
Castle : Then I remembered that case we had
Castle : at The Old Haunt, where the killer used...
Beckett : Used the abandoned sewer tunnels underneath New York, yes.
Castle : You thought of it, too!
UNK: Except, this isn't New York.
Beckett : Do you realize how many laws were broken by looking at that photo?
UNK: Are you trying to get me fired?
Castle : Would make it easier to see you.
Beckett : - Not if I was in jail! - Right.
UNK: I wanna see you, too. But it can't be like this, okay?
UNK: You have to promise you're gonna stop fiddling with this investigation.
UNK: Okay, yeah. I promise.
Castle : But wouldn't you at least like to hear what I found out?
UNK: - MUTTERS - Right.
Castle : These guys didn't see anything the night of the blackout.
Castle : It was too dark.
Castle : But that guard over there remembers seeing a guy a couple days ago
UNK: in a late-'90s model gold sedan.
Castle : He was probably doing some kind of recon.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : If you have them send over their surveillance...
UNK: Castle. Castle, please?
UNK: - Right. Sorry, okay, I'm out. - Good.
UNK: I promise, wiped from my brain.
UNK: It's like I wasn't even here.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : - I gotta go. - Of course.