Villante : Nice job with the drainage tunnel.
Villante : Keep up the good work, Beckett.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Thank you, for not saying anything about Castle.
UNK: Look, when I was a year out of Quantico,
Mccord : I was busting my ass on this case, my first big chance.
UNK: We'd been going at it straight for a month,
Mccord : and I really wanted to let off some steam,
Mccord : so I went to a bar,
Mccord : and I picked up a guy, and I took him home.
Mccord : Next morning he says, "Who's Scofield?"
Mccord : Scofield was the subject of our highly classified investigation.
Beckett : You talked in your sleep?
Mccord : That's this job. Things happen.
Mccord : You better make sure they only happen once.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMING
UNK: Golf course security video's in.
MAN : This is across the street from the entrance to the golf course,
Richmond : the day before yesterday.
Mccord : Okay, our guy said the car stayed like this for 15 minutes.
Mccord : Can we get a plate?
UNK: Uh, the angle's just not good enough.
Beckett : And what about the driver?
Richmond : Pretty clear shot.
Richmond : Creating a feature vector descriptor
Richmond : to run facial recognition.
Mccord : Check the military databases first. This guy's had training.
Mccord : This was two days ago...
UNK: That's the day before the break-in.
Beckett : He's planning his escape route.
UNK: We've got a match.
Richmond : Driver was Jack Bronson, 35. Recently retired Marine Force Recon.
Richmond : His last rotation
Richmond : he worked black ops specializing in forward position infiltration.
Mccord : You got an address on this guy?
UNK: Clear!
Mccord : - Clear! - McCORD : Clear.
Beckett : He's not here.
UNK: - UNZIPS BAG - Except he left this. Tools of the trade.
Beckett : C-4 to blow up the transformer,
UNK: wire-cutters to disable the backup generator,
UNK: rope and pulleys for the air shaft.
Beckett : This is our guy.
Mccord : Tear this place apart.
UNK: We're not gonna find that encryption system here.
Beckett : That's his meal ticket.
Beckett : Wherever he went, that thing's gone with him.
Mccord : Hendricks, call the office,
Mccord : pull his phone records, run his credit cards.
UNK: I wanna know who he talks to, where he eats, what gym he goes to.
UNK: And have them look for a girlfriend.
Beckett : If he's on the run, he might have help.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Hey, Castle, everything okay?
Castle : Red or white?
UNK: What?
Castle : What kind of wine do you want with your salmon?
Castle : I'm cooking you dinner tonight
Castle : to make up for getting you in trouble at work.
Beckett : That's so sweet.
Castle : Yeah, I know. Um, so how's the case going?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: No, I just wanna know when to start cooking.
Castle : Trust me, I got the message.
Castle : Cone of Silence. Church and state. No more interference.
Beckett : Okay, well then, in that case, red.
Beckett : And, um, can you get that kind that makes me feel all...
Castle : I'll buy a whole case. See you tonight.
UNK: We're gonna walk over to my car together,
UNK: and you're gonna get in like you know me.
UNK: Yeah, but I don't know you.