UNK: No.
Darrien : No, please don't. Please... Please put the gun down.
Darrien : Put it down on the ground and get away.
UNK: D? I'm sorry.
Darrien : I'm sorry.
Darrien : I'm sorry.
UNK: D, what is it?
Darrien : I'm so sorry.
Darrien : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Why aren't you in your bed?
Cuddy : What are you watching?
Rachel : TV, you bloody scallywag.
UNK: Mom...
Cuddy : Someone better be dying.
Thirteen : She hallucinated. I need you to go back out.
Thirteen : I just called in more clotting factor.
Chase : So, she's bleeding in her brain now?
Thirteen : We double up the dose, she'll be fine. No.
Chase : We bring her to the hospital, we do a CT scan to locate the bleed,
Chase : drill a burr hole in her skull,
Chase : and maybe she'll be fine.
Thirteen : We can drill a burr hole here.
Chase : You're not just risking our careers here.
Chase : You could go back to prison.
Thirteen : I made a promise.
Chase : You made a promise?
Thirteen : I will not take her to the hospital.
UNK: Great.
Chase : Then I will.
UNK: No.
UNK: I'm gonna move you, then I'm gonna pick your friend up,
Chase : carry her down to my car, take her to the hospital,
Chase : and try to save her life.
Thirteen : She's staying here.
UNK: Move.
UNK: Move!
Chase : She's going to the hospital.
Cuddy : Sweetie, go wait for Mommy by the couch, okay? Go on.
House : I tried calling everyone else.
House : You were the last one on the list.
Cuddy : Any reason why 911 wasn't on the list?
House : It's not an emergency.
UNK: Right.
Cuddy : Are you suicidal?
House : I'm not attempting bypass surgery.
House : The tumors are small and they're close to the surface.
House : I thought it'd be like removing a wart.
Cuddy : You couldn't wait till morning,
Cuddy : bring your CT scans to an actual surgeon?
House : Surgeons are idiots.
UNK: They just hack away at the muscle till they get worn out.
Cuddy : Or you're just ashamed you've been injecting a drug
Cuddy : that hasn't even gone through safety trials.
Cuddy : It's never even been in the human body.
House : I got one of the tumors. The second one is close.
House : You can use the CT to help you find the third.
Cuddy : I'm taking you to the hospital.