Thirteen : He stabbed you as a distraction?
UNK: It didn't work.
Darrien : Cops called an ambulance, left me lying there.
Darrien : Come on, give me crap.
Darrien : I know what I told you about him,
Darrien : but it's not his fault I started using again.
Darrien : It's mine.
UNK: What? According to this, you're dead.
Thirteen : You have no blood pressure.
UNK: You barely have a pulse.
Darrien : Am I dying? You're talking and alert,
Thirteen : so your brain is getting blood.
Thirteen : Pulse in your right arm is fine, so is your BP.
Thirteen : Can you do me a huge favor?
Thirteen : I need you to go to the hospital
Thirteen : and check out a portable ultrasound machine for me.
Thirteen : and my guy won't come take a look at it till tomorrow morning,
Thirteen : and an emergency plumber is 200 bucks an hour.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : Dr. House.
House : Dr. Riggin.
UNK: Figured you'd be wrapping up the trial by now.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : And don't forget the Nobel Prize
UNK: Dr. Riggin : for developing an incredibly expensive rat poison.
House : What do you mean? What happened?
UNK: Tumors.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : Just look at these things.
House : Any indication the rats were getting sick?
UNK: Dr. Riggin : Just some cramping.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : Their legs would stiffen up.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : They were having trouble moving around.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : We just thought their bodies were adjusting to the increase in muscle mass,
UNK: but in a day or so, they just started dying.
UNK: Dr. Riggin : Oh, well, get a new compound to play with next week.
Chase : One portable ultrasound, extra pepperoni.
Thirteen : Thank you so much. I might be late tomorrow.
Chase : Your socks are dry. And unfortunately, so is your shirt,
Chase : which means you either just changed to greet me,
Chase : or you need this for something medical.
Chase : I am a doctor.
Thirteen : She's my friend.
Thirteen : I was in prison.
Chase : You killed your own brother?
Thirteen : Yes, it was awful and devastating, but it wasn't murder.
Thirteen : He was sick and he wanted to die,
Thirteen : and I promised I would help.
Thirteen : Now please stop pacing and help me find this thing.
Chase : Have you talked to anybody about it? I mean, are you okay?
Thirteen : No, I may have an aortic arch aneurysm.
Thirteen : Oh, wait, that's her.
Thirteen : Either help me or leave.
UNK: I'm having trouble getting a clear look.