Darrien : I told you I couldn't go back.
Darrien : I shouldn't have trusted you.
Darrien : I never liked you.
Darrien : I killed time with you 'cause I was locked in a cage.
Darrien : You were a distraction.
Darrien : Someone to talk to so I didn't have to think about
Darrien : everything else.
Thirteen : You're lashing out, I get it.
Thirteen : But in a month, you'll thank me.
Thirteen : Or maybe you won't, I don't know,
Thirteen : but I know I saved your life.
Rachel : Is he going to be okay?
Thirteen : He'll be fine.
Cuddy : Close your eyes.
Rachel : I wish House still came over to play.
UNK: Well,
Cuddy : maybe you should write him a letter.
UNK: Wanna do that? Okay, let's do it.
UNK: Ruby?
Ruby : You look like hell and you smell like...
Taub : I've been doing a lot of thinking.
Ruby : Is that glitter on you?
Taub : Just hear me out.
Taub : Back when I still had my practice,
Taub : this patient came in, 50-year-old guy wanting a tummy tuck,
Taub : but when we do some prelim work,
Taub : we discover that his stomach is filled with cancer.
Taub : So instead of telling him that he's gonna look great at the beach,
UNK: I gotta tell him that he's dying.
Ruby : Were you at a strip club? Please.
Taub : The weird part was I was more upset
Taub : about the whole thing than he was.
Taub : He actually had to calm me down.
UNK: He said he had great kids, raised them right,
Taub : knew that, because of them, he was leaving the world a better place.
Taub : I thought I might die last night...
Ruby : At a strip club?
Taub : Yes, I was at a strip club.
Taub : And while it was happening,
Taub : I kept thinking about that patient,
Taub : and how I wish I was like him.
UNK: I wanna have this baby.
Thirteen : Darrien had to shoot that kid.
Thirteen : It was the right thing, completely justified.
Thirteen : But it didn't matter.
Thirteen : She destroyed her life trying to forget.
Thirteen : I'm afraid that's what's gonna happen to me.
Chase : You really should talk to someone.
Thirteen : I've talked to a therapist. It didn't help.
Chase : Maybe you should talk to someone who isn't a therapist.
Thirteen : Do you really think you have any idea
Thirteen : what it's like to live with something like this?
Chase : Let's grab a coffee.
Chase : Late night? No.
Taub : Just haven't had my coffee yet.
Thirteen : Sympathetic yawn.
Thirteen : Ooh, Amish kid collapsed while picking up a hooker.
Thirteen : Top that.
UNK: I missed a call from House last night. He in?
Wilson : You're lucky.
House : What are you doing here?
Wilson : You hoping for someone else?
House : Hot nurse, candy striper,
House : someone who doesn't speak English,
House : someone who doesn't speak judgmental.
Wilson : You've got mail.
Wilson : "I hope your leg feels better,
UNK: "and I hope we can be friends again soon, you bloody scallywag."
House : I have to pee.
Wilson : That's a good sign.
House : I'm a big boy.
Wilson : Course you are.
Wilson : You're an ass.
House : What? For trying to walk on a freshly mangled leg?
UNK: Or for performing surgery on myself?
UNK: For thinking I can solve my emotional problems with rat medicine?
House : If you're gonna nag, at least have the decency to be specific.
Darrien : Come on.
Wilson : Listen to me.
Wilson : You can't keep going like this. Something has to change.
House : Can I pee first?
Darrien : I know.