Thirteen : What the hell happened? We got to get you to a hospital.
UNK: No, no, you're a doctor, just stitch me up.
Thirteen : It's more complicated than that. We need to...
Darrien : The cops will be waiting for me at the hospital.
Darrien : They're gonna bust me back inside just for being with felons.
Thirteen : You stay here, they bust me.
Darrien : I can't go back, Remy. Neither can I.
Thirteen : God forbid, you die, I'm up for manslaughter.
Darrien : I'll find someone else.
Thirteen : You leave, you bleed out.
UNK: You're gonna die. Stop!
Darrien : Promise me you won't take me to the hospital.
Thirteen : I promise.
House : Look at how much fun she's having.
UNK: That's because he has two functioning legs
UNK: capable of supporting her body weight.
House : So do I.
Emily : You told me most of your muscle was cut out.
House : I was going for the sympathy discount.
House : Been taking some experimental medicine.
Emily : Yeah, I got a lot of clients on experimental medicine.
House : You want proof?
House : Okay, this amp stack weighs way more than you do.
UNK: See?
House : Now, even if those implants were made of adamantium,
House : I'd still be able to...
House : Sorry. Cramp.
Emily : I'm sure.
House : I'm not gonna be needing your services tonight after all.
Thirteen : Bowel's intact. Inferior vena cava is fine.
UNK: Your liver got nicked,
Thirteen : but it feels clotted off.
Thirteen : I don't see any other signs of internal bleeding.
Darrien : So I'm okay? Define "okay".
Thirteen : Just because I don't see bleeding doesn't mean it's not there.
Thirteen : 105 over palp. I'm gonna check your pressure every two minutes.
Thirteen : If you dip below 90, it means it is there and we have a problem.
Foreman : Oh, sorry.
Ruby : I should get to work. Wait.
UNK: Ruby... We'll talk more in the morning.
UNK: Goodnight, Eric.
Foreman : You two breaking up?
Taub : She's pregnant.
Taub : I need a drink.
Darrien : There was a raid.
Darrien : Andre needed to do something to slow the cops down.