UNK: The circum ventricular system
UNK: senses cytokines released in the early stages of the immune response.
UNK: But CVOS releases prostaglandins that reset the hypothalamic set point upward,
House : unless it's countered by anti-pyretic therapy.
UNK: So yeah, his brain is on fire.
House : The suicide attempt was not a suicide attempt.
House : He drove that wheelchair into the pool
House : because he couldn't regulate his body temperature.
House : He had hypothalamic dysregulation.
Cuddy : And you discovered this... when you stepped into the...
Cuddy : university pool?
UNK: Fountain.
House : - I can cure him. - Cure him.
Cuddy : Even if the fountain proved anything,
Cuddy : fixing hypothalamic dysregulation isn't gonna regenerate brain.
House : No, but if the scar tissue on his hypothalamus
House : is resting against the pituitary, the adrenals would shut down.
House : Addison's disease.
Cuddy : You didn't see any scar tissue on his MRI. His CT scans--
House : - His brain is functional. - His temperature's normal.
Cuddy : There is nothing wrong with his hypothalamus or his pituitary.
House : I can make him walk. I can make him talk.
Cuddy : This is a wild guess
Cuddy : that came to you because you were sweating.
House : Inject him with cortisol.
House : The guy'll have sex with his wife again. He'll hug his kid again.
House : Hopefully that's the combination he was using.
UNK: Be a shame if I cured a pedophile.
House : You're smiling. That's a bad sign.
Cuddy : You're high.
House : I told you I haven't had anything in three months.
Cuddy : This is as high as you get.
Cuddy : A theory that ties your case up in a neat little bow.
Cuddy : But you don't have a lick of substantiating proof.
House : Your decision doesn't make any sense.
House : There is no risk to a cortisol injection. If I'm wrong, big deal.
House : He goes home a vegetable, like he already is. But if I'm right--
UNK: This is not about downsides or risk management.
Cuddy : It is a big deal for you to understand the word no.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, House.
Wilson : He's on his way out of here.
UNK: Figured you'd be on your scooter racing down the halls
Wilson : to stab the patient in the neck with cortisol.
House : She was right to say no.
House : I had no objective reason to think that I was right.
House : Just needed the puzzle.
Cuddy : Hold on a sec.
UNK: Is everything all right?
Cuddy : Yeah, it's just something I forgot.
Mark : What's that?
Cuddy : This is cortisol.
Cuddy : And it's to fight infection.
UNK: Wanna hold onto that?
Cuddy : Put a bandage on it.