Cameron : Her platelets are normal.
Chase : And she's been scanned up and down. It was all clean.
House : So open her up and find it.
Foreman : So what do you want us to do?
Foreman : Start at her neck and just keep cutting down her spine until we stumble on
House : - something? - That should work.
House : - His heart rate's a little high. - Should I be worried?
House : Probably just means he's still in discomfort from the surgery.
UNK: I'm gonna up his morphine a little.
Arlene : You've been so nice to us.
House : That's the job.
Arlene : No, I mean, all the other doctors, all they did was obsess on the cancer,
Arlene : the treatment, the damage. Just trying to fix him.
Arlene : You're the first doctor that's ever given a damn
Arlene : about the quality of his life.
House : His heart rate's come down.
House : Morphine worked. I was right.
Cameron : What a touching moment.
Cameron : That's why we become doctors.
UNK: One of those rare moments when our hearts are warmed--
House : Would you like to get a drink?
Cameron : Are you serious, or are you just trying to change the subject?
House : No, I'm serious.
House : I drink. You drink.
House : We could do it at the same time.
UNK: At the same table.
House : Do you eat?
House : We could do that, too.
UNK: I mean, if the answer is no, that's cool, but--
UNK: No, it's just--
Cameron : you're just coming off the surgery, and you're not yourself yet.
Cameron : And I work for you, and even though last year's...
Cameron : You're smiling.
Cameron : I'm saying no, and you're smiling.
House : Oh, don't take it personally. It's just 'cause you're full of crap.
House : You have no interest in going out with me.
House : Maybe you did...
House : when I couldn't walk.
UNK: When I was a sick puppy that you could nurture back to health.
House : Now that I'm healthy, there's nothing in it for you.
Cameron : You are not healthy.
Cameron : Cuddy wants to see you.
Cuddy : You've been back at work 24 hours, and you're already playing hide-and-seek
Cuddy : - in a woman's spine. - Who won the pool?
Cuddy : There's no tumor. Her platelets are normal. The scans didn't--
House : What's the worst that can happen?
House : I paralyze her.
UNK: She wouldn't even notice.
Cuddy : Her lawyers might. You're not doing the surgery.
Cuddy : And lower the morphine on your other patient.
House : Fine, I'll lower it.
House : - If you'll let me do the surgery. - What?
UNK: You want to trade?
UNK: We're not swappin' a couple of goats for your help puttin' up a barn.
House : You want something. I want something. We compromise.
House : It's the grownup way to resolve our differences.
Cuddy : There already is a mechanism for that. It's called the employer-employee
UNK: relationship. I get what I want, and you don't.
Wilson : You tried to swap?
House : Ran a few more tests.
House : Came back negative. Surgery's on.
Wilson : You really don't give a crap, do you?
House : Does that make me evil?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: The girl's life is at stake. All we're talking about with the guy is--
UNK: all we're talking about is the reason you took the case. To help someone.
House : - Too bad for them. - Too bad for you.
Wilson : The reason we crave meaning is because it makes us happy.
Wilson : The first level of happiness is--
Wilson : I'm not going away.
Wilson : The fifth level of happiness involves creation. Changing lives.
UNK: The sixth level is heroin. The seventh level is you going away.
Wilson : You're saving lives. Which is tantamount to creating lives.
Wilson : But all you're taking away from this is the game.
Wilson : You don't have to listen to them thanking you.
Wilson : You don't have to change the cases you take or even how you handle them.
Wilson : You just have to know that you made a difference.
Surgeon : - House, you're not-- - I'm not an idiot.
Surgeon : House, leave her alone.
UNK: - Close her up. Wanna know why? - The room's no longer sterile.
UNK: True, but that's not the most interesting reason.
House : That is not a sexy big toe.
House : You would never put that in your mouth.