House : See? It's not so difficult.
UNK: It's not M. S.
House : She had no symptoms before she climbed onto her head.
House : Unless she's been upside-down for the last ten years, M. S. ain't it.
Foreman : Could be transverse myelitis, swelling in the disks choking off nerve function.
UNK: MRI was negative for that.
UNK: Your leg looks fine. Totally pain free?
UNK: When did this turn into "What did you do over your summer vacation?
UNK: "It's a little weird to discuss the case while you're staring
Foreman : at your blood on the floor.
Cameron : I asked Cuddy to replace the carpet.
House : I like the carpet.
House : What did you do over the summer?
Arlene : - I-- - Redo the tests.
House : Let's see if the source of the problem is in the limbs or the spine. Do an EMG.
House : Got a whole other quad to cover.
House : This guy's still got fluid in his lungs.
Cameron : You don't think that's from the pool he drank?
UNK: Get him an O² mask. His leg muscles have atrophied.
House : Tendons have shortened from disuse, causing intense pain.
House : Tendon surgery will make him more comfortable.
UNK: Comfortable?
UNK: Scoot.
Arlene : Thanks for being here.
House : Not a problem.
Mark : My dad wouldn't kill himself.
House : You haven't spoken to him in over six years.
Mark : - I know my dad. - Mark, the doctor's just trying to--
Mark : He wouldn't kill himself.
House : Fine. I'm wrong.
House : You obviously have a better understan- ding of this man who drools in front of
House : - your TV set 24 hours a day. - Dr. House.
Mark : He must have been confused.
UNK: All right? It must have been an accident.
House : Hope it was a suicide attempt.
House : If he was trying to kill himself, then he knows how miserable his life is.
UNK: It means there's still something there to kill.
UNK: It means your dad's still there.
Cameron : Sorry. Need you.
House : Thank you.
Cameron : We were doing the EMG, but we never got past the insertion of the pin.
UNK: Did she just say "Thank you"?
House : I loaned her some money. What went wrong?
Cameron : Nothing went wrong.
UNK: If nothing went wrong, then something went right.
UNK: You're not gonna tell me why she thanked you?
UNK: You're not gonna tell me what went right?
Cameron : You did something for which she is grateful, and you're...
Cameron : - embarrassed? - For you.
UNK: She saw you coming up, thought you were a 14-year-old boy. I set her straight.
UNK: I am not telling you what went wrong. Or right.
Cameron : Until you tell me why she said thank you.
UNK: Oh, you've got me.
House : You know I need to know. I am so gonna fold.
House : Except you're forgetting there's one thing I can do now.
Foreman : It's either that or a reflex response--
House : - What happened? - Okay.
Foreman : This is Dr. House. House, this is Caren.
House : Pleasure's all mine. What happened?
Chase : When we inserted the conduction pin, she flinched.
House : She flinched! Did you hear?
Caren : Does that mean I'm getting better?
House : How big is a flinch? Bigger than a twitch? Smaller than a spasm?
House : You smoke?
Caren : Socially. A lot.
House : - You do yoga and you smoke? - I know. It's hypocritical.
House : Not at all. The world sees your legs.
House : No one's checking out your lungs.
Cameron : - How would smoking-- - It wouldn't.
UNK: I just needed a lighter.