Surgeon : - What the hell has that got to do with - Told you it was interesting.
House : It gets even better.
Caren : - Scurvy? - Yeah. Drink.
Caren : Like what sailors get when they don't eat right?
Foreman : Your arms and leg tissues are choked with blood.
Foreman : Makes it hard to move. Also damages your hair and toenails.
Caren : But I'm on this great diet. Lots of protein,
Caren : - lots of-- - No vitamin C.
Foreman : Now drink.
Caren : Well, thank you.
Caren : And thank Dr. House.
Foreman : Send him a note.
Arlene : The nurse changed his morphine. I thought you were worried about the--
House : It's just post-op discomfort.
House : He's ready to go home.
Arlene : So he won't have any pain?
UNK: Eventually.
House : Thank you.
House : Everything else will be the same.
Arlene : Well, you took away his pain, and that-- that changes a lot.
House : Why don't you put him in some sort of
UNK: facility?
UNK: Someplace without a pool.
Arlene : Yeah, I could dump him there. Except...
Arlene : he's my husband.
Arlene : - He's my son's father. - Right.
House : Kids need a dad.
House : Someone to play catch with, talk about girls.
Arlene : Mark's learned that you don't have to abandon someone--
House : get a dog.
Arlene : I'm taking care of him for the same reason you helped us.
House : Some guy shot you, and you hallucinated?
Arlene : I have a responsibility.
House : So he's just an anchor weighing you and your family down.
House : Sapping your energy, wasting your life. That's the meaning you take from this.
Arlene : - I want to take care of him. - You enjoy this.
Arlene : I can't abandon him.
House : So you don't want to take care of him.
House : Taking care of him doesn't fulfill you, make you happy.
House : But not taking care of him would make you miserable.
Arlene : Here we go.
Arlene : I don't need your help. I've done this a million times.
UNK: Here, lay him back down.
House : Do that again.
House : Make that sound.
Arlene : What was that?
UNK: That...
House : was talking.
House : You guys are lousy doctors.
House : You're in such a rush to make the patient feel better,
House : you forgot to check what was wrong.
Chase : Yoga girl walked out of here two hours ago. You fixed her.
House : Not her. The other guy.
Wilson : He had brain cancer. They removed it eight years ago.
Cameron : His condition's been the same ever since.
House : Until last night. He spoke.
Foreman : What'd he say?
Chase : He... grunted?
UNK: You want us to dissect eight years of medical history with grunting
Cameron : - in the differential? - Sounds good.
House : Call me when you're done.
Wilson : You're fabricating a mystery because you're bored.
House : I am not bored.
House : Damn it.
Wilson : You didn't tell the wife it was only a grunt?
House : Of course not.
UNK: Because then she never would have consented to a bunch of dangerous tests.
House : I don't remember you being this bitchy.
Wilson : The vicodin dulled it. In the sober light of day, I'm a buzz-kill.
Wilson : You're giving false hope to a family that's been wrecked. Don't torture them.
Wilson : Let it go. Tell the wife it was only a grunt. Tell her to go home.