Cuddy : The guy drove his wheelchair into a pool. House would love that.
Wilson : He'll be bored. It's a great visual, but it's diagnostically boring.
UNK: What about post-hair-transplant aphasia guy?
Cuddy : Infection throwing clots. House'll shoot it down and call you an idiot.
UNK: Oh, well, I wouldn't want that.
Cuddy : - What about yoga girl? - It has a good hook.
Cuddy : Should we lead with it?
UNK: His first day back he might want to flex his sarcasm muscle.
Wilson : Maybe we open with one of the weaker pitches.
Cuddy : You ran here?
UNK: It's just eight miles.
Cuddy : Why did you--
UNK: Why does a dog lick its workplace- acceptable euphemism for testicles?
Wilson : Because he can.
UNK: What do you got for me, boss?
Cuddy : I thought you said you needed eight weeks of rehab.
UNK: You should've been back here--
House : if I'd come back sooner, then I'd only be able to run six miles.
UNK: I never would've made it in.
UNK: What do you got for me?
UNK: You're completely pain-free?
Cuddy : The ketamine treatment can wear off.
UNK: It's been two months. It's not wearing off.
UNK: What do you got for me?
Cuddy : -It can take as long as-- -Why are we having this discussion?
UNK: You wanna hear me thank you again?
House : Thank you, Dr. Cuddy-- not just for removing the bullet, but
House : thank you for putting me in a ketamine- induced coma and changing my life.
House : Happy? I am.
UNK: Middle-aged man had a hair transplant about two months ago--
Cuddy : Infection throwing clots. You're an idiot.
House : Except you're not an idiot.
House : And she's holding a file for a 26-year-old female.
UNK: What do you really got for me?
Cuddy : Girl was doing an inverted yoga pose.
Cuddy : Neck snapped. Paralyzed from the neck down.
Cuddy : Except the x-rays show no evidence of spinal injury.
Cuddy : And she's cute.
House : Well played, sir.
House : What about Stephen Hawking trying to do the 500 butterfly?
Wilson : Forget it. Brain cancer, brain surgery.
Wilson : There's nothing left to diagnose. I would take the other one.
UNK: I'll take 'em both.
Wilson : You don't think he had brain cancer?
House : Course he had brain cancer.
House : Even oncologists don't screw up for eight years.
Wilson : So if there's no diagnostic issue, why are you taking the case?
House : Treatment can be interesting.
Wilson : - Not to you. - I've changed.
Wilson : - No, you haven't. - No, I haven't.
UNK: - So why are you taking the case? - Guy tried to kill himself.
Wilson : The guy had cancer. He's a lump.
Wilson : He hasn't been able to touch his wife, speak to his kids.
UNK: He's been in that chair for eight years.
House : His muscles have atrophied. Maybe I can help him with the pain.
House : Isn't that enough of a reason to want to help?
Wilson : Not for you.
House : - I've changed. - No, you haven't.
House : Then why am I taking this case?
House : Let's start with the cute paraplegic.
Cameron : Welcome back.
Cameron : You look--
UNK: healthy.
House : Quad with no broken neck. Struck me as odd.
UNK: You could take a whole two minutes to ease into being back.
UNK: Wouldn't taken a whole month to ease back. But eight weeks
House : is the maximum rehab time for a gunshot wound to the stomach and neck.
House : So go.
Cameron : We heard they never found the guy. There's no new leads?
UNK: What, you think he might've shot this patient, too?
UNK: - That would explain her symptoms. - Could be M. S.