Wilson : With what? You yawned.
House : I just told you something interesting, so you're not bored.
UNK: It's 11 : 00 in the morning, you're drinking coffee, so you're not tired.
House : I didn't yawn, so it's not a mirror-neuron reaction.
House : Which leaves symptom. Vasovagal issue, maybe a heart problem.
Wilson : My heart's fine. I was up late.
Wilson : You're just deflecting having a conversation about Foreman.
UNK: I'm okay with Foreman leaving.
Wilson : Either you're lying, or you don't really think he's leaving
Wilson : or you just jumped right to acceptance.
UNK: I'm sorry. I yawned because I was trying to communicate boredom.
Wilson : You could try bargaining with him. Give him a raise.
House : How much do you think it would cost to make him want to be like me?
House : Thanks for the coffee.
Cameron : She seems fine.
House : She is fine. She coughed up blood.
House : Past tense. She has diarrhea.
House : From the antibiotics for the infection.
Foreman : Lung biopsy says she doesn't have an infection.
House : Well, then, you screwed up the biopsy.
Chase : Or you're wrong about infection.
House : If I'm wrong, then so is her body.
House : Because it obviously thinks she's got an infection,
House : or it wouldn't have gotten better from the antibiotics.
House : What is pandiculation symptomatic of?
Foreman : Yawning is a symptom of fatigue or cholinergic excitation.
Cameron : Does this have anything to do with Addie?
House : Let's say yes.
UNK: Cerebral tumor, epilepsy...
Chase : Could also be a medication reaction to antidepressants
Chase : or some meds for end-stage liver failure.
House : Let's say no.
Wilson : You don't want to leave this job.
Chase : Three years you've been here.
Chase : You've never once laughed at anything he said.
Foreman : Because I wasn't kissing his ass.
Chase : But now, you are? No. Now, you're nervous.
Chase : Uncomfortable about your decision. Wasn't even that good a joke.
House : Oh, crap.
Chase : Most of your jokes are excellent. I just meant in comparison.
House : Shut up. I think she may not have an infection.
House : Better deal with her before she crashes.
Jodie : She can't breathe. Get off the bed.
Chase : Need a crash cart.
Ben : What's happening?
Chase : Let's get her down. Now.
UNK: Pressure's collapsing her lungs. She's not getting any air.
Jodie : Oh, my God.
CHASE : She couldn't breathe because she had a pleural effusion.
Chase : Thoracentesis revealed low protein count, effusion was transudative,
Chase : which means she has cirrhosis of the liver, or she's in heart failure.
Foreman : Heart was fine, liver enzymes were normal.
House : There's something called "blude" in the pleural effusion.
UNK: Oh. It's not "blude," it's blood.
UNK: Which is great. Not for her, but for me. Because it means I think it's an infection.
Chase : Labs indicated minute traces of blood.
UNK: You can't ignore the blood because it's a minority. Can you, Foreman?
Cameron : If we count the traces of blood as significant,
Cameron : the differential isn't just infection.
Cameron : Could be lung cancer, breast cancer, lymphoma...
House : Great. Go tell her she's got one of those.
UNK: Or you can tell her that we haven't given her enough antibiotics for her infection.
House : Double the dose. Then check her lungs.
Chase : We checked her lungs. They're clean.
House : On the outside. She needs an arteriogram.
Steve : It's about my bowel movements.