Foreman : I didn't expect House to beg me to stay.
Foreman : But it seems like he's in a better mood since I quit.
Foreman : Nothing in the axial view.
Foreman : You haven't asked me why I'm leaving.
UNK: I figured you'd tell me when you wanted to.
Foreman : I don't want to be like him.
Cameron : You're not a jerk.
Foreman : Thank you.
Cameron : I mean, sometimes you are.
Cameron : But I don't think we can pin that on House.
Cameron : And you're a better doctor than when you came through the door.
UNK: I'm better at some things. Worse at others.
Cameron : Again, not House's fault. It's a job.
UNK: We're supposed to take the good and leave the bad.
Foreman : It's easier for you.
Cameron : Why? Because you think I need to toughen up?
Cameron : You think I'm weak?
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : See? I am a jerk. I've got to get out of here.
UNK: ADDIE GROANING
Cameron : What's wrong, Addie?
Addie : My head hurts!
UNK: Her brain's clean. No tumor and no abscess.
Foreman : We're all wrong. My head!
UNK: SCREAMING
Guy : My head!
Guy : My head!
UNK: Grody.
Foreman : Looks like massive tissue death.
House : Who cares? Her head blew up.
House : How cool is that? CAMERON : It's not pussy.
House : Meaning you don't think it's an infection and you'd be right, if you weren't wrong.
Foreman : Here we go again.
House : She's got infections that come and go.
Chase : Which means... It means it has to be something else.
House : Good guess. But no.
UNK: It either she's got a leprechaun in her colon,
House : which is playing with the doggie door,
House : letting bacteria in and out, or she's got complement factor-H deficiency.
Foreman : You enjoying this?
House : I'm saving a woman's life.
House : I'm saving a woman's life! Actually, I'm diagnosing her.
House : Technically, I'm diagnosing her with something that's going to kill her.
House : But, other than that, I'm saving her life.
Chase : An autoimmune problem makes more sense.
House : You can't explain a transudative pleural effusion
House : with giant cell arteritis.
House : You'd need three whiteboards and 100 different colored markers.
Foreman : No, it's much more likely she has an invisible protein
Foreman : that allowed bacteria to arbitrarily invade her lungs
Foreman : then arbitrarily invade her pleura, then arbitrarily jump into her head.
Chase : If it's autoimmune, she can live.
Chase : But we have to give her steroids, now. Before her heart ruptures.
House : If you're wrong, and you give her steroids she dies, now.
House : Foreman. Want to run down how it feels to go with your gut and kill a person?
UNK: You can get into the whole spiraling out of control,
UNK: and the self-doubt, and the resigning thing.
House : Do it.
House : Worst that can happen is you quit.
House : Cameron, want to explain to the parents
House : why you'll be holding paddles while he's doing it?
House : Because if her heart goes "boom", it will "boom" right away.
Ben : She really has to be awake for this?
UNK: If there's a problem, she could tell us what she feels.
UNK: Relax.
Ben : We're scared.
Addie : I don't want you to be scared.
Jodie : Then, get better. Okay, sweetie?