Martha : Well, have a glass of wine. Works for me.
UNK: I bet they're out there right now just telling secrets about me. Boom!
Castle : What do I do?
Castle : - Should I call them? I should call them. - No. No, no.
Martha : What you shouldn't have done was let Meredith
Martha : stay here in the first place.
UNK: This isn't a flophouse, darling.
UNK: You gotta stop letting freeloaders just live here.
Castle : Please tell me you see the irony.
UNK: Oh, my God. Meredith, Castle did that?
UNK: I can't believe that you married him.
Castle : What can't you believe?
UNK: What? No. What... Don't...
Castle : Come on. Beckett, there's two sides to that story.
UNK: That... What did you... What story... What did you tell her?
Meredith : The truth, Richard.
Beckett : Castle, you're not the man that I thought I knew.
UNK: I'm the man you thought you knew. I'm the man you know.
UNK: I thought you... I'm that...
UNK: You... I know you. I'm him.
Castle : This is so not cool.
Beckett : You're right, he does lean to the left.
Meredith : Told you. Only when he's stressed.
UNK: I've never even noticed that before.
UNK: What did... What... What leans?
Beckett : Thank you, Meredith. That was so fun.
Meredith : Thanks for coming.
Beckett : You have a great night. Good night, Martha.
UNK: Good night, darling.
Castle : Okay, what did she say about me?
UNK: Oh, come on, I get it. I get it.
Castle : I mishandled this whole thing and I am sorry.
Castle : Believe me, I am sorry.
Castle : Please, tell me what Meredith said.
Castle : Is it anything I need to be worried about?
Beckett : You know what, Castle,
Beckett : as much fun as it would be to continue torturing you,
Beckett : I actually like you a little bit more now.
Castle : - You do? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Yeah. Meredith is a fun, dynamic, and hard-to-say-no-to woman.
Beckett : But as long as we're together, she never stays here again.
Castle : - That goes without saying. - Okay.
UNK: - Let it go to voice mail. - Okay.
Samantha : - Mmm. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : - It's the precinct. - What?
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : Hey, I just got off with the DEA.
Ryan : You need to get down here right now.
Beckett : Yeah, okay, we'll be right there.
Ryan : Michelle was very interested
Ryan : in the DEA's Caribbean drug interdiction efforts,
UNK: which involved the tracking of planes and boats using satellite photos.
Ryan : She obtained this three-year-old satellite photo
Ryan : from the night of Leann Piper's murder. Take a look.
Castle : There's two boats.
Ryan : Yeah, less than 50 feet apart.
Ryan : And they identified that one as Billy Piper's.
Beckett : That's how he got away with it.
Beckett : That's why Leann was never found.
UNK: Billy was afraid that her body would wash up.
Beckett : So he enlisted an accomplice to take the remains
Beckett : and dump them where nobody would ever look.
UNK: If Michelle got onto this,
Castle : that accomplice might be the person who murdered her.
Beckett : Yeah, but how did she know to look for another boat?
UNK: It was recently enlisted as an asset in one of her divorce cases.
UNK: And, guys, you're never gonna guess who the accomplice is.
Castle : - Hello, Walter. - Can I help you?
Castle : Yeah, we're here to see a man about a boat.
Walter : Why would I kill my ex-wife's divorce lawyer?
Walter : She did a terrible job. And because of that, I won.
UNK: Do you wanna know why you won?
Beckett : Because Michelle was spending all of her time
Beckett : sifting through your financials from three years ago.
Ryan : She became very interested in how your family and Billy Piper's family
Ryan : were all members of the same yacht club.
UNK: So?
Ryan : You and Billy Piper were friends.
Walter : Again, I respond, so?
Beckett : So, Michelle found proof that you refueled your boat
Beckett : near the waters where Billy's wife was killed.
Ryan : She tracked your boat using satellite photos.
Ryan : This is Billy Piper's boat, where his wife was last seen,
UNK: and whose boat is this over here? Oh, it's yours.
Beckett : The DEA identified it as your boat.
Beckett : You were Billy's accomplice.
Ryan : The two of you had a pretty good plan.
UNK: Except for there was one thing you couldn't foresee.
Beckett : That your wife would hire Michelle to represent her in your divorce.
Ryan : Michelle was probably looking for proof of an affair.
Beckett : Except she found something much worse.
Beckett : That little boat trip you took to the Caribbean?
Beckett : As she looked closer at who you were with,
Beckett : and why you were there, she discovered the truth.
UNK: I wanna talk to my lawyer.
Beckett : Without a confession, our case is purely speculative.
UNK: Well, we could dig into Walter's life, maybe find some proof.
Beckett : And some motive, too, if we're lucky.
Castle : Okay, so it's not just me. Walter has no real motive, does he?
Beckett : No. I mean why would Walter help Billy kill his wife?
Beckett : Yeah, sure, they're friends, but what was in it for Walter?
Castle : It's not like they agreed to kill each other's wives
Castle : like Strangers on a Train.
Castle : Though what we saw of Walter's relationship,
Castle : I'm sure he thought about it.
Esposito : Hey, guys. I found something in Walter's phone records,
Esposito : and I'm not quite sure what to make of it.
Esposito : On the morning of Michelle's murder,
UNK: Walter made a 20-minute phone call to the Garrison residence.
Beckett : Garrison? The accountant that Michelle was so desperate to meet?
Beckett : Why would Walter call him?
Castle : Who's this?
Esposito : The woman of my dreams.
Esposito : She's married to that accountant.
Castle : Guys, look at Billy's dead wife.
Castle : And now look at the accountant's wife.
Castle : Different hair, different nose, different chin, but...
Beckett : They're the same woman.
Castle : That's why they never found a body.