UNK: What about... Any progress on finding Michelle Twohey's killer?
Castle : No, not yet.
Beckett : We're still checking on the ex-husbands' alibis.
Ryan : Hey, guys,
Ryan : I think we might have our theory backwards.
Ryan : What if it wasn't an angry ex-husband that killed Ms. Twohey?
UNK: What if it was an ex-wife?
Beckett : Oh, wow, troublesome ex-wife? Lmagine that.
Beckett : So you think one of her clients killed her?
Ryan : Well, Lanie got a hit on the blood found on Michelle's jacket.
Ryan : It belongs to a Samantha Voss.
Ryan : She's in the system due to a DUI arrest in Los Angeles.
Beckett : Did she have a grievance with Michelle?
Ryan : Oh, I'd say so. The morning of Michelle's murder,
UNK: a judge came down with a ruling in Samantha's contentious divorce case.
Ryan : She lost big.
Castle : How big is big?
Ryan : Uh, Upper East Side apartment big, cars and boats big,
UNK: half of her multi-million dollar net worth big.
Castle : That's big.
Ryan : Especially when Samantha went off on a courtroom tirade
Ryan : accusing Michelle of screwing up her case.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : Of course my blood was on her.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : Michelle completely mishandled my divorce.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : I was furious. Our spat became physical
UNK: Samantha Peterman : and I cut my hand on one of her metal jacket buttons.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : But I didn't kill her.
Beckett : - Mrs. Voss... - Mrs. Voss is dead.
Samantha : I'm back to Ms. Peterman now, thank you.
Samantha : Oh, no, no, no.
Samantha : Don't pack the china.
Samantha : That stays with my ex now.
Samantha : The jackhole.
Beckett : Ms. Peterman, where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 1 : 00?
Samantha : I was at a charity auction, which I chair, until 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: There are over 100 donors who can vouch for that.
UNK: Just check it out if you'd like.
Castle : Well, you may not have killed Michelle,
Castle : but you certainly murdered that original Zaozirny.
UNK: I don't have to kill to get revenge.
UNK: Not when there's so many other ways to get back at my ex.
UNK: Ooh.
UNK: Shame.
UNK: That platter really tied the set together.
Samantha : Ms. Peterman,
Beckett : if you could just refrain from destroying anything else,
Beckett : you actually might be of some help.
Beckett : Now, did Michelle say or do anything out of the ordinary?
UNK: Well, let me tell you,
Samantha : something was sure as hell wrong in that woman's life.
UNK: Because for the past month, she was just distracted.
Castle : Distracted by what?
Samantha : She got lost in the details of my case
Samantha : that had absolutely no bearing on securing a better settlement.
Samantha : And don't even get me started on her personal problems.
Beckett : What do you mean her personal problems?
Samantha : Detective, I was her client, not her BFF. I don't know.
Samantha : Although I can tell you, yesterday she came to court late,
UNK: and she was crying.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Did she tell you why?
UNK: Yes, she said that she was having messy personal issues that day.
UNK: Ugh!
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What did you do to my Zaozirny?
Samantha : Oh, joy, my ex is home. Walter, Walter, Walter.
Samantha : Come in, we have company. Say hello.
UNK: You bitch!
UNK: No, dear, the bitch is the skank you paid to have sex with you.
Samantha : Walter. No, no, Walter. No!
Beckett : Next person to break anything goes to jail.
Walter : This is all your fault.
Samantha : And it was so worth it.
UNK: Wow.
Ryan : - Hell hath no fury. - Huh.