UNK: - But you needed help. - And Walter needed the money.
Jane : At least, he did at the time.
Jane : So we devised a plan.
Jane : I convinced Billy to take the trip,
Jane : and then when the scotch put him to sleep...
Beckett : You escaped onto Walter's boat, turning your husband into a wife killer.
Jane : It's what he deserved.
Jane : And I got to start over.
Jane : I was supposed to leave the country,
Jane : but I met Rob and I fell for him.
Jane : We were so happy.
Castle : Until Michelle put the pieces together.
Jane : She said she couldn't live with the injustice.
Jane : Can you believe that? From a lawyer?
Jane : She sided with Billy.
Jane : I mean, she knew what he was like!
Jane : She knew what he did to me! Why couldn't she just leave it alone?
Beckett : Stand up.
Beckett : Let's go, come on. Stand up.
Beckett : Turn around. Hands behind your back.
Beckett : Leann Piper, you are under arrest
Beckett : for the murder of Michelle Twohey.
Castle : I mean, I know your apartment is habitable again, I just...
Castle : Do you have to leave?
Beckett : Do you want me here because you actually want me here?
Beckett : Or do you need protection from the redheads?
Castle : - A little of both. - Okay, I'll tell you what.
Beckett : If it gets to be too much, you can come and stay at my place.
Beckett : Thank you.
Meredith : Are you sure it's okay that I'm going to Paris without you?
Alexis : Just because I'm sick, you shouldn't miss it.
Alexis : I want you to go.
Martha : We all do.
Castle : What's going on?
Alexis : I just feel so guilty that
Alexis : Mom is missing her vacation because I'm sick.
Alexis : So I told her to enjoy Paris for the both of us.
Castle : Are you sure, Alexis? I mean, your mother
UNK: Should enjoy her vacation.
Castle : Have a safe trip, Meredith.
UNK: Mmm.
Martha : Adios, dear. Have fun.
Beckett : - Martha. - Mmm.
Meredith : Well, this has been...
Meredith : Oh, shoot. I left my purse upstairs. Be a dear.
Castle : I'll grab it.
Meredith : Detective Beckett, it was a real pleasure.
Beckett : Yes, it really was.
Beckett : You know, Meredith, it's so funny,
Beckett : when you first came and insisted on staying here,
UNK: I was afraid that you might've had a secret agenda.
Meredith : Actually, I did.
Meredith : When Alexis told me about you two, and how this one was serious,
Meredith : I knew I had to check it out for myself.
Meredith : And I'm so glad I did.
Meredith : - You two are great together. - Thank you.
Beckett : Can I ask you a question?
Beckett : Why didn't it work out between you and Rick?
Beckett : I'm sorry, is that too personal?
Meredith : No, no, no, it's fine.
Meredith : You know, being married to Richard was great.
Meredith : Full of romance and excitement. Like a deliciously sweet souffle.
Meredith : And then one day I realized he knew everything about me.
UNK: My deepest secrets, my worst pain.
Meredith : Enough to fill a million novels.
Meredith : But I didn't know enough about him to even write a pamphlet.
Beckett : I don't understand.
Meredith : For instance,
UNK: whenever I asked him about how he felt about never knowing his father,
Meredith : he would smirk. You know the way he smirks?
Meredith : And then he would throw out a quip, and change the subject.
Meredith : Our marriage went one way and that wasn't enough for me.
UNK: I mean, souffles are wonderful, but sooner or later, they always fall.
Meredith : Oh, but that was a long, long time ago.
Meredith : What, 15 years, in fact.
Meredith : He's a totally different man now.
Beckett : Yes, of course. I was just curious.
Castle : Okay, here we go.
UNK: Oh, you're the best, Rick. Thank you.
Billy : You bet.
Meredith : I hope we see each other again.
UNK: Me, too, Meredith. Have a wonderful trip.
UNK: - Goodbye, Rick. - Bye.
UNK: Whew!
Castle : How about I make you a little breakfast before you leave?
UNK: I'm gonna whip you up a smor-let.
Castle : Sounds better than it tastes.
UNK: That's... No, it's the other way around. You're gonna love this.