UNK: Richard Castle : Your throat feel any better?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Why'd I have to get mono?
Castle : Well, it's called the kissing disease for a reason.
Castle : I assume you and Max were... I'm going to stop right there.
Alexis : I think that's best.
UNK: I'll make you some tea.
Castle : Sorry about this.
UNK: I know this wasn't what you expected when you asked to stay here
UNK: while your place was being fumigated.
Castle : Alexis was supposed to be going to Paris with her mother.
UNK: Kate Beckett : It's fine.
Castle : - Okay, well... - I'll get it.
Castle : If you wanted to stay in a hotel, I would completely understand...
UNK: No! I'm not gonna leave you just 'cause your daughter's sick.
UNK: Richard.
UNK: I'm gonna make this up to you in so many ways.
UNK: Richard!
UNK: What?
Martha : Your ex-wife is here.
Castle : - Meredith? - Mom?
Meredith : Hello, kitten!
UNK: Uh, what are you doing here?
Meredith : Alexis! Oh, my poor baby!
Alexis : Aren't you supposed to be in Paris?
Meredith : Not without my daughter.
UNK: And since you can't go to Paris, I'm bringing Paris to you.
Meredith : French pastries and Funny Face.
Meredith : We can enjoy them as I nurse you back to health.
Castle : Meredith, how...
Castle : Why so much luggage?
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I cannot believe that you are actually letting
Beckett : your ex-wife stay with you. With us!
Castle : What was I supposed to do? Stick her in a hotel?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Look, I get her taking care of Alexis, but staying at your place?
Castle : Okay, wait, hang on.
Castle : I turned to you, I said, "Is it all right with you?"
UNK: And then you said, "Yes."
Beckett : What am I supposed to say? Everyone is looking at me.
Beckett : I'm not meant to be the bad guy in this case, you are.
Beckett : Besides, I gave you the look.
Castle : - What look? - The "look" look.
Beckett : My look.
Beckett : Please don't tell me, after four years, you don't actually know the look.
UNK: You gotta understand...
Beckett : You know what? I'm not talking about this right now.
Beckett : Good morning, Lanie.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Not from the way you sound. What's wrong?
Beckett : Men are clueless.
Lanie : Men, or just Castle?
Lanie : Well, no matter how miserable your day is,
UNK: it's not as bad as Michelle Twohey's.
UNK: She took an ice pick to the side of the neck.
Beckett : Michelle Twohey, the divorce lawyer for the rich and famous?
UNK: Isn't she the one that only represented women?
Castle : And strikes fear into the heart of many a soon-to-be ex-husband.
Lanie : There's something else. When I got here,
Lanie : she had a piece of paper clutched in her hand,
Lanie : with a name and an address.
UNK: Ryan!
UNK: The name on the paper is R. Garrison. It's a Scarsdale address
UNK: Kevin Ryan : and it's not in our victim's contact numbers.
UNK: Yo!
UNK: So a night clerk around the corner saw a man fleeing the scene at 11 : 45 p.m.
UNK: Suspect ducked into that subway entrance over there.
UNK: We're pulling video from the security cameras,
UNK: and the clerk's gonna sit with a sketch artist.
Beckett : What about the victim's family?
Ryan : Not anyone local.
Ryan : Her office gave me the boyfriend's number.