UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : So, each one of Michelle's employees at her law firm alibied out.
UNK: But they all said she'd been acting odd during the past few weeks.
Ryan : They assumed it had to do with a case.
Beckett : - Which case? - Pick one.
Ryan : Introducing the wealthy men of Manhattan.
Ryan : Michelle represented all their wives in ongoing divorces
Ryan : and some of these angry husbands had threatened her.
Ryan : The only problem is none of them matched our sketch.
Beckett : Maybe that's because one of them hired our mystery man to kill Michelle.
Ryan : But we won't know which one until we find this guy.
Esposito : And I just did.
Esposito : On the subway security video, I saw our suspect swipe his MTA card.
Esposito : He used a credit card to buy it.
Esposito : Herman Poquille.
Esposito : A few B and Es, aggravated assault. Oh! And several attempted murders.
Ryan : Congratulations, you finally succeeded.
Esposito : Only thing is, we can't figure out why you'd wanna kill Ms. Twohey.
Ryan : Purse wasn't stolen,
Ryan : car wasn't jacked, so why'd you wanna kill her?
UNK: Herman Poquille : I didn't kill her. It's not what you think.
Esposito : Come on, Herman.
Esposito : You can talk to us. Someone hired you.
Poquille : Yeah, she did.
Poquille : Like I said, it's not what you think.
Poquille : I used to work for Michelle.
Ryan : Doing what?
UNK: Photographer.
Poquille : Shots of husbands cheating on their wives, stuff like that.
Ryan : That still doesn't explain what you were doing at the crime scene.
Poquille : Look, I botched an assignment a while ago and Michelle fired me.
Poquille : Then all of a sudden, she's calling me
Poquille : asking me for my help on some big job.
Esposito : What big job?
Rob : She didn't say.
Poquille : She said she was heading home and would wait for me near the subway.
Poquille : By the time I got there, she was dead.
UNK: I didn't wanna get mixed up in a murder, so I ran.
Poquille : - You don't believe me? - Mmm-mmm.
Poquille : Check the texts on my phone. It's all there.
Ryan : So I went through Herman's phone, and he wasn't lying.
Ryan : Michelle wanted to hire him to take photos,
Ryan : and she seemed pretty desperate.
UNK: Herman didn't wanna take the job and he kept texting her "no."
Ryan : But she seemed to finally win him over with this.
UNK: Okay, Herman,
UNK: my texts aren't changing your mind, so maybe this will.
UNK: Look at me. I'm pleading.
UNK: I have a huge problem and I need you
UNK: and that camera of yours for one last job. Please.
Esposito : A life hangs in the balance.
UNK: "A life hangs in the balance"?
UNK: What the hell did she need a photo of?
Meredith : Hi, there.
Meredith : Did you catch the killer already?
Castle : Uh, no, not yet. How's Alexis?
UNK: Mmm, sleeping.
UNK: But I'm gonna wake her with some soup.
Meredith : Want some?
UNK: Oh. Um, no, thanks.
Castle : Listen, Meredith, about you staying here...
Meredith : Thanks again, Richard.
Meredith : I can't tell you how much this means to me.
Castle : Yeah. It's just, Beckett and I...
Meredith : Are wonderful!
Meredith : It's so refreshing to see how secure you two are in your relationship.
Meredith : You know, most women would take issue
Meredith : with an ex-wife staying with their boyfriend.
Meredith : But not Kate Beckett. She gets it.
Castle : Yeah, Kate gets it.
Castle : Um, here's the thing, Meredith, I...
Castle : I know.
UNK: And it isn't easy for me to admit.
Meredith : I haven't been the best of mothers.
UNK: I've missed so much of our daughter's life.
UNK: So the fact that you're letting me be here now,
Meredith : for Alexis, during her time of need...
Meredith : Richard, I'll never, ever forget this.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Neither will Beckett.
Castle : - Well? - Well, what?
Castle : Oh, that. Still working on that.