UNK: That's my pride and joy. Won it in Augusta in '02.
Castle : You eagled for the win.
Billy : That's right.
Billy : Can I get either of you two a drink?
Beckett : This isn't a social visit, Mr. Piper.
Beckett : We're here to talk to you about Michelle Twohey.
Billy : Michelle who-ey?
UNK: Sorry. Doesn't sound familiar.
Beckett : It's odd that you don't remember your late wife's divorce lawyer.
Beckett : Did you know that she turned up dead?
Beckett : The reason I'm asking is because she visited you about a month ago.
UNK: Hmm. Don't recall any visits.
Castle : You sure about that?
Castle : It was right after that visit you hired Noah Kesswood.
Billy : Who's Noah Kesswood?
Beckett : The man that you paid to spy on her.
Beckett : And then she winds up dead.
Beckett : That's awfully suspicious, don't you think?
Billy : You people.
Billy : Somebody dies, question Billy.
Castle : Well, can you blame us? Especially after what happened with your wife.
Billy : Okay, let's talk about what happened to my wife.
Billy : Leann files for divorce, so I fight her on it.
Billy : Because where I'm from, marriage is sacred.
Billy : So Leann and I decide to go for a boat ride, like the old days.
Billy : But instead of recapturing our magic, Leann got drunk and fell into the ocean.
Billy : So why am I the bad guy?
Beckett : Oh, so you're the victim here.
Billy : You bet your ass I am.
Billy : I lost my endorsements and my status.
Billy : My own family wants nothing to do with me.
UNK: Interesting, on the list of things you lost, you didn't include your wife.
UNK: Well, She never was my favorite trophy.
UNK: Now, why don't you two get the hell out of my home?
Castle : Well, Billy did it. Killed his wife to keep his money,
Castle : then had Michelle murdered when she found evidence of it.
Castle : Only how do we prove it?
Beckett : Well, all roads lead to Noah.
Beckett : So if we can catch him, we'll get him to turn on Billy.
UNK: Perfect.
Castle : Only we don't have any way of finding him.
Esposito : Actually, we do.
UNK: Turns out the garage at Billy's building has an automated valet system.
Ryan : The manager was able to pull up the records of when Noah parked there,
Ryan : and we got his license number.
Esposito : The car belongs to a fleet of vehicles
Esposito : that's registered to a pharmaceutical company.
Beckett : Was Noah an employee there?
Ryan : No, he has no affiliation.
Beckett : All right, you guys keep digging.
UNK: There's got to be a connection somewhere.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Hey, yeah, Meredith. Yeah, Castle's right here.
Beckett : I'm sorry, what?
UNK: You wanna talk to me?
Beckett : Uh, yeah.
UNK: No.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Fine.
Castle : What did she want?
Beckett : She asked me to dinner tonight.
Beckett : Just the two of us.
Beckett : To dinner?
Castle : And you said yes? How could you say yes?
Beckett : Same way you did when she asked to stay with you.
Beckett : Besides, Castle, if I said no,
Beckett : that would have made me look insecure.
Castle : Is this as bad as it seems?
Esposito : No, it's much worse. Much, much worse.
Castle : No, okay, hang on.
UNK: Let's take a step back from this, let's just think about it.
Castle : Just dinner.
Ryan : Just dinner between your ex-wife and your new girlfriend.
Ryan : That's deadly.
Ryan : Castle, you have two worlds.
Lanie : - Two. - Right now,
Ryan : - they're both coming together. - Uh-oh.
Ryan : What happens when worlds collide?
UNK: Boom.
Castle : Okay, guys, you are taking this a little too far.
UNK: Castle.
Esposito : Meredith knows things about you.
Castle : - So? - So...
UNK: So...
Esposito : So, is there anything Meredith knows that you don't want Beckett to know?
Esposito : - Boom. - Two worlds colliding.
UNK: Hey, have I told you how lovely your penmanship is?
Castle : The font is just so friendly. I just look forward to seeing it.