UNK: Hey.
UNK: Listen,
Castle : that whole coffee thing, Meredith didn't mean anything by that.
UNK: She was just trying to be thoughtful.
Beckett : I'm sure she was.
Castle : So you're not mad?
Beckett : About what?
Beckett : About how comfortable your ex-wife is in your home, and with your family?
Beckett : How she seems to know things about you that I don't know?
Beckett : Why would I be upset?
Castle : Okay, see, this is why I wanted to stay at the Four Seasons,
Castle : so you wouldn't have to deal with this.
Beckett : Castle, I shouldn't have to deal with this,
UNK: because you should've said no.
Castle : Yes, but I didn't, and now I can't.
Castle : I know.
Castle : I'll send Alexis and Meredith to the Four Seasons.
Castle : I'll just hire a concierge doctor.
Beckett : No. Castle, I am a big girl, okay?
Beckett : I can be in the same place as your ex-wife.
Castle : So you'll stay?
Beckett : Yeah, sure.
Beckett : I'll just be subjected to her parading around half-naked.
Castle : Okay, I can't win, can I?
Beckett : Oh, right. Because this is all about you.
UNK: Well, you made it... If I...
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : Okay, you know what? You're right.
Castle : You are absolutely right.
Castle : All we have to do
Castle : is get through the next few days with my crazy ex-wife.
Castle : What do you say?
UNK: Noah.
UNK: No?
Beckett : No, not no.
Beckett : Noah. Kesswood.
Beckett : Corey Francis is really...
Beckett : Noah Kesswood.
Esposito : Former officer in the Army's Military Intelligence Corps.
Castle : Former military intelligence?
Beckett : Noah uses a fake identity, starts dating Michelle,
Beckett : and then he disappears just after she's killed?
Castle : It's The Bachelor meets Homeland.
Esposito : Whatever he was up to, the only trace of him I could find
UNK: is a loan-out corporation registered in his name.
UNK: And there's been a lot of recent activity.
Esposito : Several large wire transfers were made from a local law firm,
UNK: Benedict, Cole and Schuster.
UNK: Those payments began around the time that Noah started dating Michelle.
Esposito : Think someone was paying Noah to spy on her?
UNK: Well, Michelle's cases had outcomes in the millions.
Castle : Maybe an opposing lawyer was angling for an advantage.
UNK: If Michelle found out that she was being spied on,
Beckett : then that lawyer would face an ethics violation and disbarment.
UNK: It might have made him desperate enough to pay Noah to kill Michelle
Castle : to make the problem go away.
Beckett : It is possible.
Beckett : But the best way to find out is to track down the lawyer
Beckett : that authorized those payments.
UNK: Here.
UNK: Mr. Schuster, your office said we'd find you down here.
Esposito : I'm Detective Esposito, this is my partner, Detective Ryan.
UNK: Samuel Schuester : I'm guessing you're not here for the hot dogs.
Ryan : We'd like you to come answer some questions about Noah Kesswood.
Schuester : I'm sure you know I'm a criminal attorney
Schuester : who's very aware of his rights. I'm not going anywhere.
Ryan : Then we can talk here.
UNK: You wanna discuss the virtues of processed meat in tube form? Fine.
Schuester : Otherwise you're wasting your time.
Esposito : How about we discuss the wire transfers you made to Noah Kesswood,
Esposito : a suspect in the murder of Michelle Twohey?
Schuester : Save your foie gras, your roast duck, your coq au vin.
Schuester : For me, fine dining is a New York hot dog.
UNK: Mr. Schuster, we know the last transfer was for 10 grand,
Ryan : sent the morning Michelle was murdered.
Esposito : Sounds like your law firm paid Noah to kill a fellow attorney.
Schuester : That's ridiculous.
Ryan : Maybe. But when we connect the dots,
Ryan : you think the media will see it that way?
UNK: Okay, here's what's gonna happen, Detectives.
UNK: You're gonna find out that I was instructed by a client
UNK: to pay Noah Kesswood for a service.
UNK: You're gonna ask what that service was. I'm gonna say, "I don't know."
UNK: Then you're gonna puff up and demand the name of my client.
Schuester : To which I'll reply,
UNK: "That's privileged information. Kindly go screw yourselves."
UNK: Have a hot dog, boys. They're delicious.
UNK: Mr. Schuster may have attorney-client privilege,
Ryan : but who he represents is a matter of public record.
UNK: So I looked back into his law firm's cases for the past five years.
UNK: Turns out Schuster represented Billy Piper.
Ryan : You guys remember the story, right?
Castle : Yeah, it was all over the news for months.
Castle : Famous pro golfer, getting a divorce,
Castle : takes a boating trip to the Caribbean to work on his marriage.
Beckett : Only, his wife never makes it back to shore.
Beckett : Billy claimed that the two of them were drinking
UNK: and his wife accidentally fell off of the boat.
Castle : Everyone assumed it was murder,
Castle : but the Feds never had enough to indict him.
UNK: Indeed.
Ryan : So what does any of this have to do with our victim?
Ryan : Three years ago,
Ryan : Michelle had a client who disappeared from her boat.
Ryan : That client was Leann Piper.
Beckett : Billy Piper's wife?
Beckett : That can't be a coincidence.
Ryan : I don't think it was.
Ryan : In fact, I found a file in Michelle's computer
UNK: that showed that she'd been looking into Leann Piper's murder
Samantha : for the past month.
Castle : Wait a minute,
UNK: what if Michelle figured out how Billy killed his wife?
Ryan : You mean by finding actual evidence?
Castle : Right. Then the only way Billy could stop that proof from coming out...
Beckett : Was to have Michelle killed.