Castle : Come on. Guys, it's not that bad.
Esposito : Castle, you are on the edge of a very, very steep cliff, my friend.
UNK: And if you don't do something about it quick...
UNK: So the cafe owner remembers
Beckett : Michelle having an argument with a tall, good-looking man,
UNK: mid-30s, light brown hair and blue eyes.
Castle : Her boyfriend, Corey Francis?
UNK: I thought he said he hadn't seen Michelle since the weekend.
Castle : Now, why would he lie?
Esposito : Looks like he's hiding something.
Beckett : Let's bring him down here and find out what.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Yes, and if you could have
Castle : some strawberries and champagne sent up there, waiting...
Castle : Perfect! Cedric, I owe you.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : Michelle fights with her boyfriend,
UNK: she sets up a meeting with an accountant,
Beckett : and then she hires a photographer.
UNK: What the hell was she into?
Corey : I don't know.
Castle : But why don't we discuss it tonight
Castle : in our oversized Jacuzzi at the Four Seasons,
Castle : where I just booked us the ambassador suite.
Beckett : Why would you do that?
Castle : Because your place is still being fumigated
UNK: and my loft is overrun with redheads,
Castle : so I thought why not just go and enjoy ourselves.
Beckett : You guys, where's Corey Francis?
Esposito : Well, we got a problem. He's disappeared.
Ryan : His cell has been disconnected,
Ryan : his address is bogus, and so is his name.
Beckett : The guy that our victim was dating doesn't exist?
Esposito : What's worse, we have no way of finding him.
Castle : No, wait.
UNK: Um...
Castle : He was wearing a ring. Class ring, college ring.
Castle : New York something.
UNK: Yeah, it was red with a cathedral imprinted on it.
Noah : The University of New York.
Esposito : Might be part of his cover identity.
Castle : University of New York? Come on.
UNK: If you were gonna pick a cover identity,
Castle : wouldn't you pick a better school than...
Ryan : University of New York?
Beckett : You know, we can ID him using the yearbooks.
Beckett : He's in his mid-30s,
Beckett : so why don't we grab everything from the University library
Beckett : from '96 and on?
Ryan : Well, that's upstate.
Esposito : - We'll have it for you in the morning. - Yeah.
UNK: No.
Castle : No, what?
Beckett : No on the Four Seasons.
Beckett : If anyone should be sent to a hotel, it's Meredith.
UNK: No, I tried.
Castle : It means so much to her to be there for Alexis,
UNK: and it'd just seem heartless to kick her out and send her to a hotel.
UNK: Really, Castle? 'Cause you just tried sending me to one.
Castle : - No! But that was because... - But nothing.
Beckett : Button up, kitten. We're going home.
UNK: Mmm. Oh.
Meredith : That smells delicious. Can I have a cup?
UNK: I was just making that for Castle, but, yeah, here.
Beckett : So, how's Alexis?
Meredith : She's asleep. She's always asleep.
Meredith : I love her, but with mono, she's a bit of a bore.
UNK: Mmm.
Meredith : So, you and Rick.
UNK: Yes. Me and Rick. So...
Beckett : You know, you might wanna put some pants on.
Meredith : Why? It's not like I'm going anywhere.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Hey, you two.
Castle : What's going on?
Meredith : Nothing. Just making coffee. Here. This is for you.
Castle : Oh, thank you.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : What is in this? Did you add
Castle : - nutmeg? - Nutmeg.
UNK: Nutmeg?
Meredith : Whenever Rick pulled all-nighters, I'd sprinkle nutmeg in his coffee.
Samantha : - Mmm. - Gave it an extra kick.
UNK: - You wanna try? - Uh, no, thanks.
Beckett : I think I've had enough kick for one morning.
Beckett : I will be at work.