Beckett : Castle, what is it?
UNK: I just wanna make sure you want to go to dinner with Meredith.
Castle : Remember, she's a little crazy.
Castle : And of course, dramatic. Ohh, miserable combination.
Beckett : What are you so worried about?
Beckett : I mean, it's just two people that you've been intimate with,
Beckett : coming together, comparing notes.
Beckett : Comparing notes.
Castle : What notes?
Castle : Seriously, though, what notes?
Beckett : Hey, Espo, what do you got on Noah?
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I just got off with the vice president from that pharmaceutical company.
Esposito : Guess where he went to college? University of New York.
Castle : Sorry about that.
Esposito : Not only was he giving Noah access to that company car,
Esposito : but he's also been letting him stay with him for the past month.
Beckett : Okay, pick him up.
UNK: Boom.
Esposito : There he is.
Esposito : Hey! Noah Kesswood.
Esposito : NYPD. Come here. Hey!
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : That hurt as much as it looked?
UNK: Good.
Esposito : And now you're under arrest.
Beckett : Look at him.
Beckett : Nothing like the devastated boyfriend that I met yesterday.
UNK: Noah.
Esposito : You're good, man.
UNK: But you're not that good.
UNK: All right, let's not waste any time.
Beckett : We know that Billy hired you to spy on Michelle
Beckett : to see if she had any proof that he killed his wife.
Esposito : And when you discovered she did,
Esposito : on Billy's orders, you put an ice pick through her neck.
UNK: Noah Kesswood : I didn't kill Michelle.
Beckett : - I don't believe you. - You don't have to.
Noah : See, when Michelle was being shish-kabobed,
Noah : I was all the way up at University of New York
Noah : watching my alma mater play West Virginia.
Noah : We won, by the way. Go Broncos.
Beckett : If you didn't kill her, why'd you work so hard to disappear?
Noah : Detective, what do you say you buy me a soda, hmm?
Esposito : - Excuse me? - Not you.
UNK: You.
Noah : All right, look, I deal in intelligence.
Noah : Not murder. Never murder.
Noah : You want the truth?
Noah : Okay, here it is, free of charge.
Noah : Billy Piper's absolutely paranoid.
Noah : So when Michelle came around asking questions
Noah : about that night on the boat,
UNK: he went into full-on panic mode.
Noah : Figured she probably had a vendetta against him.
Noah : Wanted him in jail for murdering her client.
UNK: The reality is, he was probably right.
Noah : She said she was close.
Noah : Very close to finding out what really happened on that boat.
Beckett : Are we talking actual evidence?
UNK: Maybe.
Noah : She was gathering the final puzzle pieces
Noah : at the New York office of the DEA.
Beckett : The Drug Enforcement Agency? Why?
Noah : You'd have to ask them, Detective.
Beckett : Okay, well, I'm still gonna have to hold you, you know.
Noah : For up to 24 hours.
Noah : Then you'll never see me again.
Ryan : All right. Thanks, Bill.
Ryan : Well, Noah's alibi is solid. He's definitely not the killer.
Castle : But do we believe his story about the DEA?
Castle : I mean, what does any of this have to do with drugs?
Beckett : Well, there's only one way to find out.
Beckett : Ryan, see if you can uncover what Michelle was doing at the DEA.
Ryan : I'll try, but it's late. Probably won't hear anything till morning.
Beckett : Well, I guess we should call it a night.
Beckett : Okay, Castle, see you later.
Castle : Later? We can go back to my place together.
Beckett : Um, I have a dinner date with your ex-wife, remember?
Castle : Yeah, I remember. I was just hoping you'd forget.
Beckett : Okay, don't wait up.
Martha : Oh, darling, please just relax.
Castle : I can't relax, Mother.
UNK: My worlds are colliding. Okay? I'm not...
Castle : I can't relax.