Chase : 100% commitment. Sign of a good liar.
Foreman : Also the sign of a sociopath.
Anica : What are you doing?
House : Correcting your last note.
House : We can't discharge her if she's sick.
House : Anybody ever tell you, you write like a girl?
Foreman : What? You got some other explanation for orange urine?
Cameron : - It's Munchausen's. - Correct, but not complete.
UNK: You just don't want to admit that she skunked you.
UNK: At the end of The Boy Who Cried Wolf, the wolf really does come.
UNK: Then he eats the sheep, and the boy, and his parents.
Chase : - The wolf doesn't eat the parents. - He does when I tell it.
Foreman : You're not telling the story now. I am.
House : Look, I checked her records.
House : All her hospitalizations were for different things.
House : Brain tumor, fainting spells, skin rashes, seizures.
House : She's had every blood test known to man
House : and the results are all over the map.
House : There's only one constant, low HCT.
House : - The anemia's real. - There's a million things
Cameron : she could have taken to have done that.
UNK: True, it could just be her MO.
House : She self-induces two illnesses. One always changes, one never does.
House : Or maybe she has Munchausen's and aplastic anemia,
House : which would mean, without proper treatment,
UNK: she'll continue to get sicker, weaker,
House : eventually she'll start bleeding internally and die.
Foreman : - She's not getting sicker. - She will.
Chase : If her bone marrow was dying, the entire blood panel would be affected.
Chase : - Her white count's normal. - So far.
House : - We need to do a bone marrow biopsy. - No. No more tests.
House : Look, you kick her to the curb with a Munchausen's diagnosis
House : you're guaranteeing that no doctor will ever listen to her again.
Foreman : We do more tests, we'll only be feeding her psychosis.
Foreman : The more attention we give her, the more she'll want.
House : What if she doesn't know we're testing her?
Foreman : House, you were wrong. Live with it.
House : There's probably some blood left over from previous tests.
Cameron : Blood tests alone can't confirm aplastic anemia.
House : Yes, I know. That's why I want to do a bone marrow biopsy.
House : But blood tests could show a systemic disease.
UNK: - A virus or a toxin could be the cause. - Fine.
UNK: You want to test the extra blood? Knock yourself out.
Foreman : But the patient is off-limits.
House : And if the results are positive, I get my biopsy?
House : It's the safe way to go.
House : I need all of these tests and a PCR done on this sample.
UNK: Lab Tech : You're gonna need more blood.
House : Patient's empty.
UNK: Lab Tech : Then I can't do it.
House : You can try.
UNK: Lab Tech : I can try to look like Salma Hayek, that's not gonna make it happen.
House : You may not have Salma's ass, but she doesn't have your eyes.
UNK: Lab Tech : Yeah, right.
UNK: Lab Tech : How soon you need it?
Foreman : Dr. Wilson, can I talk to you about something in confidence?
House : - Of course. - It's about House.
Wilson : Oh, then no.
Wilson : Fine. I won't say anything.
Foreman : Do you think there's any way House would take me seriously as his boss?
Wilson : Where is this coming from? Did Cuddy say something?
Foreman : We talked. She intimated.
Wilson : And you want my advice on how to usurp him?
UNK: It's very ancient Rome, you'll need a toga, of course, a sword.
Foreman : It's not a coup. I just want to figure out some way we can work together.
Foreman : I mean, I keep the team running from an administrative point of view,
Foreman : House doesn't have to deal with the red tape.
Foreman : It's a win-win.
Wilson : I'm sure he'll see it that way.
UNK: Do you have any advice on how to approach him?
UNK: - How to deal the guy? - No.
Foreman : But you won't tell him we talked?