UNK: No.
UNK: There is no way this is going to happen.
House : Epstein-Barr titers are through the roof,
UNK: the most common viral cause of aplastic anemia.
House : So what I'm saying is...
Foreman : - Fetal hemoglobin's also elevated. - Just a wee bit.
House : Could indicate...
UNK: You see that in sickle cell.
UNK: Not all sickle cell patients are black.
Foreman : None of her other blood panels showed any sign of sickle cell, which means
Foreman : either something's changed drastically since yesterday, or this isn't her blood.
House : Of course it is.
UNK: Metaphorically.
House : Look, I couldn't do the tests.
UNK: I tried, but there wasn't enough blood left over.
UNK: If you'd just let me do the biopsy.
Anica : No way.
Chase : I just got back from a suspension.
House : And if it wasn't for me, you would've been fired.
Chase : Why don't you just get the sample yourself?
UNK: Since when have you cared what your boss said?
House : I don't care what anybody says, I care what they do.
House : Right now Blackpoleon Blackaparte has got the nurses on red alert.
House : I can't get into the patient's room.
House : So, come on, I'll draw the enemy fire, you outflank them
House : get in there, get the bone marrow sample.
UNK: Can't.
UNK: Who you more afraid of?
Chase : I'm not afraid of Foreman, I agree with him.
Chase : All the tests back him up.
Chase : All the tests have not been done.
House : You do realize that Blackaparte's reign is only temporary.
Chase : I also realize that no matter what I do, you're still gonna treat me like crap.
UNK: "Crap" is a relative term.
UNK: I never even made it to the room.
Foreman : Nurses called the attending as soon as a trocar was ordered.
House : You used her real name?
Cuddy : I just processed your patient's discharge papers.
UNK: She's on her way out right now.
House : Wait up.
House : It's all right, she's gonna stay.
UNK: Taxi Driver : - Wonderful. - Oh, bite me.
Anica : I don't need to hear the riot act again.
House : How'd you like another medical test?
UNK: Man In Line In Front Of House : - What? - Sit.
UNK: Why?
House : So you don't crack your skull when you pass out.
House : Just do it.
House : You know what colchicine is?
UNK: No.
House : Well, don't feel bad. It's for gout.
House : It's got nothing to do with anything you've ever pretended to have.
Anica : - I'm not pretending to... - Shut up.
House : Colchicine decimates your white blood cells.
House : Leaves almost no trace.
UNK: It's great for faking your way into hospitals.
Anica : - I didn't fake my way... - Shut up.
House : You've been doing this for years.
House : Don't worry, it's probably not your fault.
House : When you were a kid, you had a close relative
UNK: who had a chronic disease, probably your sister.
House : And you saw all the attention she got while you were left alone, ignored.
House : And it really, seriously screwed you up.
UNK: - I do not have a relative... - Shut up!
House : I'm trying to give you what you want.
House : And save your life.
House : You have aplastic anemia.
Anica : What, are you trying to scare me now?
House : It means you're not just sick in the head.
House : Problem is, the rest of you appears well.
UNK: So I gotta make you seem as sick as you're supposed to be
House : by injecting you with a drug
House : that simulates the symptoms that you actually have.
House : All you need to know is, you've hit the Munchausen's jackpot.
UNK: I'm gonna give you a cocktail of insulin for seizure and colchicine
UNK: to kill your white count.
House : This will absolutely confirm my diagnosis of aplastic anemia.
House : There is one small catch.
House : If you've actually done something to yourself to cause the anemia,
House : then I'm wrong.
House : And if I do what I plan to do,
House : then the treatment will kill you instead of saving you.
House : So I need to know.
House : Have you been taking anything besides the insulin, the ACTH,
House : and the pills Cameron left in your room?
UNK: No.
House : Good. Give me your arm.
Anica : It was my mom.
Anica : She had MS.
Anica : She was in and out of hospitals all the time.
Anica : People were always trying to do things for her.