House : Casual sex? Rough sex?
House : Casual rough sex?
House : - I'm a doctor. I need to know. - No sex.
Anica : Just moved here. Haven't even found a job yet.
Anica : Don't know anybody.
House : Came here without a job.
House : That means you didn't move here, you moved away from somewhere else.
UNK: Does that hurt? No.
UNK: Are you on any prescription meds? Hormones? Prednisone?
UNK: I already answered that one. I think it was question number 20-something.
House : Well, yeah. And I could reach down and get it.
UNK: But that would kind of spoil the whole cool move.
Anica : I'm not on any medications.
UNK: - Are you a vegetarian? - No. Why?
House : Because you might have something called Cushing's syndrome,
House : which basically means...
Anica : My pituitary is overproducing ACTH,
Anica : which is causing my adrenal glands to push too much cortisol into my bloodstream.
House : What a coincidence. I'm a doctor, too.
Anica : Yeah, I had it last year.
Anica : They did brain surgery, removed an adenoma from my pituitary.
House : What did you just say?
House : "You were right, House. Her pituitary tumor regrew. It is Cushing's.
House : Uncanny how you do that."
Foreman : Actually, it was Cameron's idea.
UNK: No, Cameron had three ideas.
House : I chose one to encourage, to nurture...
Foreman : Yeah, you're all about the nurturing.
UNK: Do you need a hug?
Foreman : I don't see any regrowth.
Foreman : You get her medical records faxed over?
House : Work smart, not hard. That's my philosophy, boss.
Foreman : I'll take that as a no.
Foreman : Anica, I need you to stay completely still.
UNK: Sorry.
Foreman : Still don't see anything.
House : Okay, so it's a microadenoma. Too small to see.
Foreman : So small, it's not even there.
House : Right. It's just a coincidence that I predicted a rare condition
House : that she happened to have a year ago.
Foreman : Results from her LP back yet?
House : Didn't do an LP. I knew what she had.
Foreman : Go do the LP.
House : Okay, I need you to roll over on your side, kiss your kneecaps.
Anica : Party time.
Anica : I thought it only took one doctor to do this.
Cameron : I'm observing.
House : She's here to make sure I don't paralyze you.
Anica : You've done this before, right?
UNK: Successfully?
Cameron : He's kidding. He's an excellent doctor.
UNK: I'm going to numb the area with some lidocaine,
House : and then we're off to the races.
House : See what I did there?
UNK: I used horse-racing jargon to make the patient feel more comfortable.
House : Okay, here we go.
House : Felt like bone. Does that hurt?
Anica : A little bit. What are you doing?
UNK: Try rounding your back a bit more.
House : You're perfect just the way you are.
House : Oops, that was all me.
Cameron : Might want to move down one vertebra.
House : This is actually much harder than I remember.
Anica : My chest feels a little tight.
Cameron : Try taking a deep breath.
Cameron : Dr. House, maybe I should take it from here.
House : Eighth time's the charm.
Cameron : You trying to piss off Foreman?
House : Just let...
Cameron : BP's 240 over 140.
House : Turn that thing off, will you?
Cameron : Take the needle out.
Cameron : - Take the needle out! - Okay.
House : It's a hypertensive crisis. Start her on an IV lopressor drip.