Cameron : Since when does House hang out at OTB?
Foreman : The man's an addict.
UNK: Right, addicted to pills, not gambling.
Foreman : It's the same thing. Drug abuse, drinking, gambling.
Foreman : They all fire up the same pleasure centers in the brain.
UNK: An addict is an addict is an...
Chase : Gambling doesn't take away his pain.
House : It does when I win.
House : Hot OTB babe has grand mal
House : and inexplicable bruising.
House : What up with that?
Cameron : You were just standing there, and she started to seize?
House : Spend as much time around the real people as I do,
House : someone gets sick.
Foreman : Her platelets are 89, she's anemic.
Foreman : And she has a blood alcohol level of 0.13.
House : Hot OTB babe?
Chase : Obviously a working girl. Probably an STD infection.
House : No fever. No infection.
Foreman : Alcohol abuse explains it all.
Foreman : Causes seizures and affects her blood's ability to clot,
Foreman : which causes bruising.
Foreman : Start her on heparin, she'll be fine by morning.
House : Except for the fact that the bruises are not petechial,
House : which means it's not DIC.
Foreman : So the bruises were caused by trauma.
Foreman : She probably got beat up by her boyfriend. Or her pimp.
House : What's that called when you judge someone before ever meeting them?
Foreman : She's a regular at OTB.
Foreman : Somehow, I don't see her holding down a 9-to-5 and going to PTA meetings.
House : I was there. I have a 9-to-3 job.
Cameron : It could be SLE, familial telangiectasias, or even Cushing's.
House : - Good. Start with those. - Which one?
UNK: Cushing's. It explains the seizure and the bruising.
Foreman : Not the anemia.
House : So she doesn't eat a lot of meat.
Foreman : DIC brought on by alcohol abuse is far more likely.
Foreman : Do a full workup, H and P. And lab her up, LP, MRI.
House : Did you just ever so subtly order me to get her medical history?
Foreman : Cuddy put me in charge last week, so, yeah.
UNK: It was a pretend in charge, a formality to get past the suits in legal.
UNK: Right, those licensing-board folk love to play dress up and pretend.
Foreman : Hey, no worries. I'll let you keep your parking space.
House : You can have it. You'll also need my handicap placard.
House : Bend over.
Cuddy : You make a pretty convincing argument.
House : Chase killed that woman. Now Foreman's in charge?
UNK: Yeah, we have a pecking order here.
UNK: If Cameron kills somebody, Chase takes over.
UNK: There's a flow chart in the lobby.
UNK: For the next three weeks, you answer directly to Dr. Foreman.
Foreman : And I expect you here for grand rounds at 9 : 00.
Foreman : By the way, I like sugar in my coffee.
UNK: If there's a screw up, it's your screw up.
Cuddy : You won't have Dr. House to fall back on.
UNK: "Do you wear a seat belt?" Is that really relevant to a seizure?