Anica : Bring her food, or brush her hair, or make her happy.
Anica : People cared.
Anica : She died when I was 16.
Anica : Then there was no one.
UNK: Boo-hoo.
Anica : Where are you going?
House : I obviously can't be around when it happens.
Anica : Well, what are you gonna do, you're just gonna...
House : Relax, you know the drill.
House : People walk by here all the time, you'll be fine.
Foreman : So, barely out the door and she has another seizure.
Chase : She must have somehow grabbed insulin on the way out.
Foreman : Once she's stable, we need to get her out of here
Foreman : before she does more damage to herself.
House : We can't.
Cameron : Her white count's down.
House : Sorry, I missed that.
House : Hearing's been off since the Ricky Martin concert,
UNK: some cholo kicked me in the head.
Foreman : White count, hematocrit, and platelets are all off.
UNK: Her bone marrow's shutting down. She actually has aplastic anemia.
House : Say what?
Cameron : All her other labs show nothing that would...
UNK: Labs, shmabs. A good diagnostician reads between the labs.
House : You were right.
House : Hey, we're not here to play the blame game.
House : These things happen.
House : Sometimes doctors send people out on the street to die
House : after other doctors have warned them
UNK: that they're sending people out on the street to die.
House : There's no way you could know.
Foreman : I'll go give her the news.
House : Who are you?
Foreman : I'm Dr. Foreman. I'm in charge of your case.
House : You have aplastic anemia,
Foreman : which means your bone marrow has shut down.
Foreman : Your body can't make new blood anymore.
Foreman : Are you sure?
Foreman : I went back and checked your old records. It makes sense.
UNK: The aplastic anemia's apparently been developing for months.
Foreman : I'm sorry, we should have caught it earlier.
UNK: So.
Anica : It's not just the latest white count that's leading you to feel this...
Foreman : I know this is scary.
Foreman : But a bone marrow transplant could cure you.
Anica : A marrow transplant could kill me.
Foreman : The other option is weekly blood transfusions,
Foreman : injections of GCSF.
Foreman : - It's a lifelong regimen. - Yeah, I don't want that.
Foreman : You sure?
Foreman : I don't want to be cruel here,
Foreman : but you've jumped through a lot of hoops to get this sort of attention.
Anica : I just want to be healthy.
Foreman : It's not so much fun when you're actually sick.
UNK: No.
Foreman : We'll check the registry. See if there's a donor match.
Anica : Thank you.
Wilson : We have to kill all the old bone marrow before we give you the new stuff.
Wilson : You'll have no immune system.
Wilson : We'll keep you in a sterile room for two weeks
Wilson : to make sure everything's dead, then we'll give you the donor marrow.
Wilson : It'll take another couple weeks until it takes hold.
Wilson : You won't feel a thing.
Wilson : If you get uncomfortable for any reason and need to talk, don't yell.
Wilson : Walls are four inches thick, lead.
Wilson : Use the microphone. Are you ready?
UNK: Okay.
Anica : Where's Dr. House?
House : Turn it off!
Anica : - Now what? - How long has she been in there?
Wilson : Three minutes. What's going on?
House : She doesn't have aplastic anemia.
House : - She has an infection. - No.
Cameron : Her white count would be through the roof. Hers is on the floor.
UNK: Well, body does crazy things.