House : Great place to meet chicks. Their moms, too.
Taub : Tachycardia could be a humoral effect, mastocytosis.
UNK: We'd see either GI or cutaneous symptoms.
Masters : Pancreatic insulinoma...
UNK: Wouldn't cause bladder problems.
Chase : Unlike pheochromocytoma.
House : Well done, Chase. Now turn off your phone.
Chase : You heard that? It's on vibrate.
UNK: House [on The Phone] : "Nothing lights my fire like a lady-of-size.
UNK: "Less than three bills, don't bother calling."
Taub : No, no, no, you're right. This is in no way clever and hysterical.
UNK: Adrenal and pituitary scans, 24-hour urine collection.
Teacher : How soon after the admissions session did the child get sick?
House : Kid barely got home before she collapsed.
House : Her parents are a wreck, desperate for answers.
House : Have you experienced any symptoms?
House : Or does someone else oversee these sessions?
Teacher : The teachers supervise. No one's mentioned feeling sick.
Teacher : I'd love to call the family, offer my support.
House : Sorry, I can't reveal names.
UNK: Doctorlpatient confidentiality.
House : So this is where all the admissions play dates happen?
House : She wouldn't have been in another room?
Teacher : This is where we have them all.
Teacher : Maybe to be safe we get rid of these toys and...
Taub : No, no, no. Don't do that.
House : I'll tell you if anything's toxic.
House : For now, you should minimize your exposure.
Masters : I'm supposed to be supervised.
Foreman : The scan is pre-programmed. There's no risk to the patient.
Foreman : You're literally gonna sit here, watch the monitor
Foreman : and chat with him if he gets lonely.
UNK: Still... Report me.
UNK: How are you doing in there?
Masters : The antihistamines aren't what got you sick.
Masters : It's clear you care about him.
Masters : Have you tried telling him that?
Masters : Forget those other kids. Think about this kid.
Masters : He watched his mother get sick and die,
Masters : he's never known his dad.
Masters : Who knows how long it's been since anyone's taken care of him,
Masters : or if there's ever been a man around
Masters : with any degree of consistency.
Masters : I believe that you're on his side.
Masters : I'm betting it would help if he did.
Taub : You are a beautiful man. Can I leave now?
Chase : I know where all three women are,
Chase : but I'd like to avoid the additional humiliation
Chase : of falsely accusing any of them.
Chase : You ID'd the hotel off this. Hoping there's another clue in it somewhere.
Taub : We could enhance the image,
Taub : maybe her face is reflected in that gleam off your butt cheek.
Taub : Or maybe it's time to chalk this up
Taub : to the hazards of being a player.
Chase : Your zipper problem just blew up your marriage.
Taub : Don't move.
Taub : Unlike me, you've had the decency not to cheat on anyone,
Taub : but you haven't been giving much thought to who these women are,
Taub : how they might feel.
Taub : Obviously you hurt one of them. Emotionally hurt her,
Taub : because physically, how would you even know.
Taub : Looks like your shorty is a shorty.
Cuddy : You're early, dinner's not ready.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: House [feigns Surprise] : Okay. Rachel and I will go play in her room.
UNK: Really?
House : I'm hungry, go cook.
House : All right, you little lump of clay.
House : Rachel? Rachel!