Masters : We should not be looking at this.
Taub : He sent out an alert. It'd be rude not to look.
Taub : Though I am straining my eyes.
Chase : What are we checking out?
UNK: Foreman [smiles] : Your profile page.
Chase : Why? I haven't...
Chase : That is not me.
Taub : That is you.
UNK: That's me, but that is not.
Chase : Whoever did this made it smaller. Much, much smaller.
Foreman : Whoever did this has a bone to pick with you.
Foreman : Ironic, since your bone...
Chase : Is not in that picture.
Chase : My proof is right here. You really want to see?
Foreman : Whoa, convinced.
Foreman : You have any idea who did this?
Chase : I don't even know where the original picture is from.
UNK: Bathroom at the Carleton Hotel.
Taub : Towel, hotel logo's reversed.
UNK: Shot must've been taken in the mirror.
Foreman : We were there for Sanford Wells' wedding.
Masters : That must narrow it down.
Foreman : He slept with three women there.
UNK: Ah, you're a whore.
House : 38-year-old former Marine. Came to the ER with back pain,
House : now his bladder aches as much as his back 'cause he can't empty it.
Chase : What are we looking at this morning?
House : Upskirt celebrity, endearingly funny cat?
Chase : Another study about gays being better parents.
Chase : We were lured in by the word "lesbian."
Chase : Has he taken any antihistamines or anticholinergics?
House : Nope, and the ER ruled out enlarged prostate,
UNK: stuffed colon and spinal injury.
UNK: Masters [going Through The File] : Military history. In suspiciously good shape for his age,
UNK: Masters [going Through The File] : makes a living bullying kids.
UNK: Masters [going Through The File] : I'm thinking steroids.
UNK: Fascinating.
UNK: Masters [smiles] : Thanks. We can wean him off...
House : Steroids isn't fascinating, it's moronic.
House : There's no other sign of hormonal imbalance.
House : What's fascinating is that you equate discipline with bullying.
House : Which means that your parents either
House : disciplined you too much or too little.
House : I'm guessing too little.
Masters : It's hardly surprising you agree with our patient's philosophy.
Masters : You run your department like a boot camp,
Masters : as if cruelty ensures performance.
House : Is this where I'm supposed to disagree with you?
Chase : Diagnosis of urinary retention depends on
Chase : the particular mechanical cause.
Chase : We need to know if there's a blockage in the urethra
Chase : versus a nerve or a muscle problem with the bladder.
House : Fascinating without misdirect.
House : Cath him, and see what's stopping him from emptying his bilge.
House : Oh, not you, Chase.
House : Sending Captain Micropenis to deal
UNK: with what's probably normal-sized equipment?
UNK: That's too cruel even for me.
House : Good morning.
House : And what brings the lesser Cuddy to these parts?
Cuddy : Pediatrician appointment for an S-H-O-T.
Cuddy : Waldenwood insists vaccination reports go in with the application.
Cuddy : Honey, finish your oatmeal.
Cuddy : - Waldenwood. - Is that by any chance a boarding school?
House : Or a work camp?
Cuddy : It's our first choice preschool.
House : - Blocks made of gold? - Kids don't have to pick their own noses?
Cuddy : Great facilities and teachers,
Cuddy : and they're known for their gifted program.
House : You sure that's the right place for her?
House : Sounds a little snobby.
UNK: I've done my research, we've visited. It's a perfect fit.
UNK: You feel pressure,
UNK: we need you to tell us when the urge to void becomes unbearable.
Foreman : Sorry, can't make you feel better till we make you feel worse.
Driscoll : I get it. Goes for what I do, too.
Masters : We cause pain when it's the only option.
Driscoll : The kids I work with at the camp are there because a judge sent them.
Driscoll : I can't teach them good behaviors
Driscoll : without first getting rid of all their bad ones.
Driscoll : That's not gonna happen unless I push them.
Masters : I don't see why metaphorical pushing has to involve actual pushing.
Driscoll : I may work these kids hard, but I never hit them.
UNK: Masters [unconvinced] : You march them into the ground instead of knocking them there.
Driscoll : Yeah, well, it beats the alternatives
Driscoll : which is ending up in jail or a gang, or a coffin.
Foreman : How often do you pull that off?
UNK: Two-thirds never re-offend.
UNK: It's better numbers than juvie.
Foreman : She's brilliant, but new to the real world.
UNK: Yeah.
Driscoll : Doc, I gotta go.
Foreman : Let's empty you out.