UNK: Masters [surprised] : You said you were in for shoplifting.
UNK: The store owner caught me trying to boost some chips and stuff,
Landon : called my DCS caseworker.
Masters : I thought all the kids were there under court order.
Driscoll : That's usually how it works.
Masters : So why is he different?
Nika : Why would I take a naked picture of you?
Nika : You're cute, but you're not that cute. Now please, go.
Chase : You're the only one left. You're pissed off.
Nika : I'm pissed off because you're in my apartment,
Nika : and my boyfriend might be here any minute.
UNK: Boyfriend.
UNK: The last thing I want to do is publicize that I cheated on him,
Nika : so why would I prank you?
Chase : And where was this boyfriend at the wedding?
Nika : Out of town.
UNK: Conveniently.
Nika : It's from my sister's birthday last month.
Nika : And before you suggest he's my brother, note how I'm kissing him.
Nika : You used me, I used you. It was a mistake.
Nika : Now I just want to forget about it.
Masters : I just got off the phone with Landon's DCS caseworker.
Taub : You were right. I'm not what made my argument compelling.
Landon : Where are we going?
Masters : To give your bladder an antibiotic wash to protect against infection.
Driscoll : Who are you?
House : I'm Dr. House.
House : And that boy is the spitting image of his mother.
House : Of course I've never seen her.
House : But his care worker told my lackey
UNK: that you paid his enrolment fee at the camp.
UNK: Now that could mean that you're a family friend,
House : but then why hide it?
House : The only person who'd want to hide it
UNK: is his deadbeat dad who's decided not to be a deadbeat anymore.
Driscoll : Please don't tell him.
House : We spend days looking for a link between them.
House : He doesn't tell us the kid is his son.
Masters : We were looking for exposures.
Masters : He didn't think it was medically relevant.
Taub : Soon he won't have to worry about his kid finding out.
Taub : Being dead makes keeping secrets much easier.
UNK: Neither one is responding to botulism treatment.
Taub : And the boy started having seizures.
Foreman : And Driscoll might have been right that
Foreman : their biological relationship doesn't matter.
Foreman : Genetic illness emerges when people are the same age,
Foreman : not during the same week.
Chase : Unless there's a trigger.
Chase : Genetic conditions can be set off by things in the surroundings,
Chase : and these two obviously have shared surroundings.
Masters : That's a relatively rare phenomenon,
Masters : which is our specialty, I know.
Chase : Our patients are related. That can't be a coincidence.
Chase : I just had an idea.
House : Relevant to our case?
UNK: No. Sit.
House : Wegener's can be brought on by exposure to heavy metals.
House : You see anything at the camp?
Masters : Near the isolation hut, there were some old generator batteries.
UNK: Could've leaked into the soil.
UNK: Seems like someone else at the camp would've had lead poisoning.