UNK: Take the urine to Taub. Have him screen it for bacteria.
Foreman : I'll analyze this data.
UNK: A half-hour on the phone, no go.
Chase : Website won't take down the picture.
Taub : I thought their policy doesn't allow nude photos.
Taub : Now tap the tube gently against the table to re-suspend the cells.
UNK: They don't, but technically, I'm no longer nude.
Masters : Maybe you should shut down your account.
Chase : I tried but whoever did this changed my password
Chase : so I can't even prove it's my page.
Masters : There's a clue, she's got serious tech skills.
Chase : My password was "password."
Masters : You're a dumb whore.
Taub : Do any of the three seem like a more likely suspect?
Taub : Maybe one was clingier.
Chase : I can't even remember their names.
Taub : Listen, this is a tough time for me,
Taub : breaking up with Rachel, moving into a hotel.
Taub : I want you to know how much your humiliation has eased my burden.
Taub : Urine is clean for bacteria.
Foreman : Not surprising, since his bladder test showed
UNK: that his peeing problem is really
Foreman : a nerve problem, neurogenic bladder.
Chase : Could mean spinal cord tumor, cerebral palsy.
Foreman : House is gonna go right for syphilis.
UNK: How can you be so sure?
Taub : Rare complication of an embarrassing illness,
Taub : practically a House special.
Foreman : I want to get ahead. Let's go test his blood for syphilis.
Masters : Okay, I'm gonna take some blood.
Masters : This will only hurt for a second. Ready?
Driscoll : Stop it. Stop trying to kill me.
Foreman : Hey, let her go.
UNK: You're trying to kill me. Let her go.
UNK: Security. Need some help in here.
UNK: Driscoll [delusional] : Let me go! Let me go!
UNK: She's fine. How about we get back to someone who isn't?
UNK: Foreman [massaging His Arm] : The patient's in restraints and on Haldol,
UNK: Foreman [massaging His Arm] : which seems to have made him lucid.
House : Differential diagnosis, back pain, neurogenic bladder, psychosis.
Masters : A symptom which we learned about when he choked me.
Masters : Hate to slow us down by acknowledging it.
House : And yet you have.
House : Tertiary syphilis fits.
UNK: Test came back negative.
Foreman : Several meds could cause those symptoms.
Foreman : Tricyclic antidepressants, ritalin.
Masters : Also other native plants, wormwood, jimsonweed...
UNK: With the amount of jimsonweed or ritalin you'd have to ingest,
UNK: seems like he would've mentioned it.
Masters : Unless he didn't know about it.
Masters : Maybe one of those kids at the camp
Masters : got tired of Driscoll's lessons and poisoned him.
House : Go to the camp, check for potential poisons.
House : I all but ignored your assault,
House : showed you no compassion whatsoever,
UNK: and you came up with a good idea.
House : Score one for tough love.
UNK: Glad to hear you met someone you liked. Weddings are good for that.
Chase : I was hoping to get in touch.
Chase : Thing is, I'm a bit fuzzy on names.
Chase : Sorry, open bar.
Chase : She was sitting at Dr. Simpson's table,
UNK: brunette, purple dress, low-cut.
UNK: Wells [thrilled] : That's my niece, Winn Phillips.
Chase : Your niece?
UNK: Fantastic.
Wells : Her info is in your e-mail.
UNK: Chase [nervously] : Also, there was a blonde, green dress.