Wells : You want me to hook you up with two women?
Chase : Actually, three.
House : How do you cheat on a test when there's no test?
Wilson : Sorry, not playing.
Wilson : Go away, House.
UNK: I'm not giving you advice just so you can
Wilson : distort it to suit your own warped world view.
House : But it's been working so well.
House : Cuddy wants to get Rachel into Waldenwood Preschool.
House : Problem is Rachel's dumber than a paste sandwich.
Wilson : And her not getting in bothers you. You care about Rachel.
Wilson : That was not advice.
House : Cuddy cares about her,
UNK: which means when Rachel gets rejected, Cuddy will be upset.
UNK: Then, as the boyfriend, I will be expected
House : to be supportive and consoling.
Wilson : Not your strengths, I grant you.
Wilson : Leave it alone. It's just a play date. It'll be fine.
UNK: "Play date" being their code for
UNK: "way to weed out the paste sandwiches."
House : They'll hand her puzzles and counting games
House : and Rachel will just sit there and eat the pieces.
Wilson : Crap! Crap. I'm such a sucker.
UNK: House [turning Back To Wilson] : Thanks for the advice.
UNK: That's the isolation area.
UNK: Kids that behave badly go there, sometimes 23 hours a day.
UNK: Sounds like a pretty good incentive to behave.
UNK: They're treating the symptom instead of the disease.
Masters : Basic systems theory,
Masters : troubled kids are produced by troubled families.
Masters : This place doesn't even attempt to change the environment
Masters : that damaged them in the first place.
Foreman : So there are no bad kids, only bad parents?
Foreman : Then why is my brother an ex-con?
Masters : Treating kids decently doesn't mean identically.
Masters : Some kids need more structure or discipline.
Masters : Nobody needs this place.
Foreman : Maybe we're coming at this wrong.
UNK: We find the poisoner, let them point us toward the poison.
Masters : Driscoll's got 24 kids in his troop.
Masters : You want to interview all of them?
Foreman : Maybe we don't need to.
Landon : Driscoll sent me to isolation all the time. Doesn't mean I poisoned him.
Landon : He's the psycho, not me.
Driscoll : Tell him.
Macdonald : DI Driscoll's way harder on him than the rest of us.
Foreman : Maybe because he's a bigger pain in the ass.
Foreman : What are you in here for? Shoplifting.
Foreman : You ready to upgrade to second-degree murder?
UNK: Spend 10 years in jail?
Foreman : If he dies because of whatever you gave him, that's what'll happen.
Landon : That supposed to scare me?
Landon : My mom's dead, my dad's never been around,
Landon : and after this I'll get bounced to another foster hole.
Landon : My future's not exactly bright.
Landon : Prison, now or later, doesn't make that much of a difference to me.
Macdonald : Dude, I'm not mopping the whole floor by myself.
UNK: Foreman [to Macdonald] : Your eyes are red.
UNK: Foreman [to Macdonald] : Might be an allergic reaction to the cleaning solution.
Macdonald : It's just my allergies.
Masters : Do you take anything for them?
Macdonald : Not right now.
Foreman : Why not?
Foreman : These IV fluids will help flush the drugs out of your system.
Driscoll : You know which of the kids dosed me?
Masters : It's not medically relevant.
Driscoll : Look, I'm not gonna hurt him, but I get why you're scared of me.
Driscoll : I'm real sorry about this morning.
Masters : No apology necessary.
Masters : You're ill, you didn't know what you were doing.
Driscoll : I used to be a real screw-up.
Driscoll : The military taught me that actions always have consequences,
Driscoll : part of being a man is accepting them.
Driscoll : After all the times I've said that to the kids, apology is necessary.
UNK: Masters [concerned] : Are you okay?
UNK: No, my heart's kind of racing.
Foreman : I got it.
Foreman : Heart rate is 170, PAT until proven otherwise.
UNK: We got to slow it down. Six milligrams of adenosine, IV bolus.
Foreman : Tell the nurse to get in here with the crash cart.
Foreman : Pushing fluid sent his heart into overdrive.
Foreman : It took three doses of adenosine to get it under control.
Foreman : House, where are you? Playground.