UNK: Endocarditis?
Chase : With no murmurs?
House : It's usually a late sign.
UNK: The echo showed pristine valves.
House : Below the resolving threshold.
Foreman : Kaufman's prednisone will suppress her immune system.
UNK: It could kill her.
UNK: You've got to tell him it's endocarditis.
House : Check the wiretap.
UNK: His ID guy's has been putting the same argument to him.
House : He can't convince him. You think I got a better shot?
Taub : So what do we do?
House : We switch her meds.
House : We get a solution of broad-spectrum antibiotics.
House : Stick it in an IV bag marked for prednisone.
House : Kaufman can only be there a few times a day.
House : Tell Arlene you're from the pharmacy. Switch them out.
Foreman : This is nuts.
Foreman : This is way too complicated... It's hanging an IV bag.
Foreman : If the attending doesn't know what she's on, the risk of...
House : What risk? We know how he's treating her, we bugged the room.
Foreman : This is not about information.
Foreman : We're talking ethical and legal violations on a scale
Foreman : that should make even you puke. She's dying!
Foreman : Doesn't mean we should all go to jail to save her!
Foreman : You're losing control because this is your girlfriend's mom.
Chase : You gonna run this by Cuddy?
House : No. She said to keep her out of it, do what we need to do.
House : Look, I know what I'm suggesting is completely screwed up.
House : That's because this situation is completely screwed up.
House : Do it or you're fired.
Foreman : We stick together, he can't fire all three of us.
Chase : Give me your prescription pad.
Foreman : Why are you doing this?
Chase : Because I think it's endocarditis
Chase : and I think the prednisone will kill her.
Chase : And I forgot my prescription pad.
House : Am I a horrible person?
Taub : I used to win awards for volunteer work.
Taub : I went to Guatemala and fixed cleft palates.
Taub : Now we're sitting back letting Chase do our dirty work.
Foreman : We're doing the right thing. Stay out of it.
Arlene : I don't know. I don't know about anything anymore.
Taub : Then this thing with the kid Rachel's brother is...
Foreman : Stay out of that, too.
UNK: A, radiologists, experts, unlike you said no bleed.
UNK: B, you yourself said it's probably not.
UNK: C, you've got no doctor-patient relationship.
UNK: D, you'll lose your consulting job.
UNK: E, your ex will kill you.
UNK: F, I'm running out of alphabet here.
Foreman : You do it?
Chase : Had the bag. Walking towards the room
Chase : and Cuddy's sister says, "Hey, Dr. Chase."
Chase : I met her at that charity event last year.
UNK: One of you two's got to do this.
Foreman : I met Arlene at the same benefit.
UNK: Conveniently.
Taub : Come on, don't ask me. I don't even know if I believe it's...
Taub : Damn it. It's Rachel's brother.
Taub : He wants me to check out some new case.
UNK: Conveniently.
Taub : It's a tryout. I need this job.
Taub : I got to do this.
Foreman : So you're just gonna ditch us, run off and work on some other case?
Taub : Are you Timothy's mom?
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : My name is Christopher Taub.
Taub : I'm a doctor at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Taub : I saw your son's file.
Taub : I think he might have a very small bleed in his brain.
UNK: Wait, you saw his file? How do you even know who we are?
Taub : Your son could die of a brain hemorrhage.
Taub : He needs a cerebral angiogram today.
Taub : Get in your car and meet me at the hospital.
UNK: Timothy? We're gonna go see the doctor.
House : How many idiot doctors does it take to switch an IV?
House : The longer we wait, the more the prednisone
House : is gonna kill her immune system.
UNK: Forget playing the pharmacist. Mom naps every afternoon.
House : Wait by the room, when she falls asleep, get the sister out somehow.
Masters : Hi, Dr. Cuddy. Is now a good time to talk?
Cuddy : Not really.