Cuddy : Mom, I think your drinking
Cuddy : is causing your heart problems.
Julia : Is this about the champagne? She ordered...
Cuddy : Patsy and Anne told me last week
Cuddy : you lost control at the museum luncheon.
Arlene : You're talking to my friends behind my back.
Cuddy : We are all concerned.
Cuddy : Just tell me honestly.
Cuddy : How much have you been drinking?
Arlene : I may be your patient, but I am still your mother
Arlene : and I'm telling you I am not a drunk.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : For your stomach pains.
Cuddy : If something like that comes up again,
Cuddy : just do what you need to do.
House : And keep you out of it?
Cuddy : Yeah. I am being a coward.
Cuddy : Which is exactly why doctors shouldn't treat their own families.
UNK: Congratulations.
Cuddy : You were right, as usual.
Jamie : The hitting you was not optimal.
Jamie : I was going through my own divorce at the time.
UNK: I've had years of therapy.
Jamie : Now when I get mad, I do some deep breathing, squeeze my stress ball.
Taub : Hey, I kind of deserved it.
Jamie : That's for sure.
House : Here's the deal.
Jamie : I do a lot of med-mal insurance.
Jamie : I need a new non-testifying expert.
Jamie : I'll give you one case as a tryout.
Jamie : You kick ass, I put you on retainer, average 15 hours a week.
Jamie : It's 50 a year.
UNK: Fifty what?
Jamie : You kidding? Fifty thousand.
Taub : I'll take it.
Jamie : You drive a soft bargain.
Jamie : You got to sign an NDA.
UNK: Sure.
House : Is this...
Jamie : That's a case I'm about to settle.
Jamie : I rep a giant pizza delivery company.
Jamie : Driver hit that kid, messed up his legs.
Taub : And gave him a micro-bleed in his brain, right?
Jamie : What? No.
Taub : This little white mark.
Jamie : Your predecessor checked, so did the kid's doctors.
Jamie : I don't know what that is, but he's fine.
UNK: Probably. But if there's any doubt...
Jamie : It's a multimillion-dollar case we're settling in two days.
Jamie : Lay off it, okay?
Taub : Okay, you're right. I'm off.
Cuddy : She spiked a fever. It's 102.
House : Means I was wrong about the thiamine deficiency.
Cuddy : You were wrong about the alcoholism.
House : True dat.
House : It's actually looking more and more like leukemia.
Cuddy : Kaufman rushed the biopsies. It's not cancer.
House : So there's a bright side.
House : Kaufman was wrong, too.
UNK: DDX.
Chase : Okay. What disease can turn Cuddy's mother
Chase : into a coma patient named Stewart?
UNK: Lupus?
House : We got fired from that case. We're moving on.
Taub : We were already fired.
House : By the patient.
House : This time by Cuddy, so it's real.
House : She somehow realized that her completely unworkable system
House : was completely unworkable.
UNK: Okay, pop quiz, hotshots.
House : I chose Vegetable Stew for a reason.
House : You got 60 seconds, no hintsies.
Foreman : You're not gonna talk to us?
UNK: Exactly, you're gonna have to...
UNK: Hey, you're good.
Masters : So this is just a test?
Foreman : Pupils fixed and dilated.
Foreman : An addict found with an empty bottle of phenobarb next to him.
UNK: How's this a mystery? It's an overdose.
UNK: Glutethimide! Script filled last year.
Masters : Could mimic fixed and dilated without the brain death.
Masters : Except he'll just get better on his own,
Masters : so why would you take this case?
Chase : Because House doesn't care about the treatment
Chase : as long as the case is interesting.
Masters : I'll do a blood draw and put glutethimide on the tox screen.
Cuddy : - Really? - You thought that case was interesting?
Chase : Guess we're still on Arlene.
Foreman : Aren't there other ways of keeping Masters occupied?
House : Not according to my sexual harassment seminar.
Taub : Maybe it's not hypochondria.
UNK: She says she gets a lot of rashes.
Taub : Add the fever, sounds like autoimmune, SLE.
House : Congratulations. You can think exactly like a semi-competent internist.
House : Kaufman's starting her on prednisone.
House : But the heart problems were first.