Masters : Is no one gonna tell me
Masters : Why we're in the morgue?
Chase : House is on the lam from someone.
Chase : Taub's got his money on Wilson,
Chase : but I'm pretty sure it's Cuddy.
Foreman : Fool's bet. There's a whole world of angry patients, creditors...
Cuddy : She needs a doctor.
House : Yes, just not me.
House : Your mom is a 65-year-old woman with high blood pressure.
Cuddy : What about the macrocytic anemia?
House : Borderline, which is the lab equivalent of imaginary,
House : which, by the way, matches the rest of her medical history.
Cuddy : You really think she's psyching herself into atrial fibrillation?
House : So get her a cardiologist.
House : You don't want me involved. You don't want you involved.
UNK: You know all that ethics stuff that I don't give a crap about?
UNK: It suddenly makes sense.
House : If you're emotionally invested,
House : you cannot make rational decisions.
House : You know this would be a disaster.
Cuddy : This is my mother.
House : Treadmill test went well.
House : No chest discomfort or ischemia.
House : The abnormal rhythm will probably resolve itself,
House : and if not, a daily pill will keep it under control.
House : I will follow up later today.
Arlene : Is it connected to my other symptoms?
Cuddy : Which other symptoms, Mom?
Arlene : Not her fault.
UNK: This Dean of Medicine stuff, very impressive at parties,
Arlene : but she's forgotten how to be a real doctor.
Arlene : It's all in my file.
House : There are 15 years of clinic visits in this file.
Arlene : I don't want to be a bother,
Arlene : but isn't this what you do for a living?
House : So, we're looking for a disease
House : that can last a decade and a half,
House : causes constipation, diarrhea, flu, colds,
House : dizziness, rashes, back and joint pain,
UNK: heart feeling "weird",
UNK: kishkes feeling "wobbly".
House : One actual hip replacement.
House : And which has eluded detection by years
House : of blood work, X-rays and MRls.
House : Well, one thing does pop to mind.
Cuddy : We'll monitor you. And we'll give you a thyroid test.
Cuddy : And House's team will do a home search for environmental toxins.
Arlene : He seems to know his stuff. How come he can't afford a coat that fits?
Masters : No radon, no mold, no lead in the pipes.
Taub : Yeah, yeah, great.
Taub : Have you seen Cuddy's high school yearbook?
Masters : Okay, that is clearly not related to the case, so...
Taub : There is no case.
Taub : Cuddy won't let House see the yearbook,
Taub : so he figures there's something to hide.
Taub : Any guesses?
Taub : It's clearly related to being a giant teenage dork.
Masters : So you thought I'd have some insights?
UNK: Oh, no, no, I didn't mean that. Relax.
Masters : I was crowned Homecoming Geek.
Masters : I'm sure you can relate.
Masters : Because you knew some dorks?
Taub : I was the class president and head boy at...
UNK: Ah!
Masters : Is that Cuddy's mom?
Taub : Certain parts of her.
Taub : And certain parts of some muscular Hispanic gentleman.
Masters : Should we consider STDs?
Taub : I think I just caught one looking at these photos.
Masters : What does "azarcon" mean?
Taub : It means we might have an actual case.
House : Mexican herbal medication for stomach problems,
House : but only in the sense that lead chromate