House : You don't think you can convince her...
Taub : No, no. You are staying on.
Cuddy : She just can't know about it.
House : Top of the morning, Dr. Kaufman.
House : Here's the deal. You copy me on all the imaging.
UNK: I'll have my guys run the lab tests.
UNK: No.
House : I thought you spoke to Cuddy?
Kaufman : Yeah. Then I spoke to the elder Cuddy.
Kaufman : Who specifically requested you not be involved.
UNK: Listen, Kaufie. You are perfectly competent, bordering on good, even.
House : But you know I'm better.
House : If you want, we can pretend it's 'cause I got a team and more resources.
House : Either way, it'd be crazy to ignore my advice.
Kaufman : It's not gonna stop at advice.
Kaufman : You're gonna start cutting me out,
Kaufman : go behind me to your girlfriend.
Kaufman : And if something goes wrong?
UNK: It's still me standing up there alone at the M&M.
Kaufman : Please, stay away from my patient.
Taub : You bugged the room?
House : I absolutely without apology will admit
House : that someone may have allegedly done so.
Masters : Guess we can pass unethical and skip straight to illegal.
House : Not according to the recent Supreme Court case of Bite vs Me.
House : This is completely unethical. Why are we listening to this?
Masters : I know I'm a pain, but it's impossible
Masters : for me to work with you if you...
House : Fine. Fine.
House : Instead of a live stream, I'll get a recap from Cuddy 20 minutes later.
House : Thank you for saving America.
Chase : Could be leukemia. Anemia from taking over the marrow.
Chase : A-fib from infiltrating cardiac muscle.
Foreman : Sounds good.
UNK: Yeah.
House : I was really hoping for a different diagnosis.
House : One that Kaufman hadn't already come up with.
House : He just started a bone marrow biopsy.
Masters : So we don't need to do anything?
House : I don't. You do. Go to admitting and find us a new case.
UNK: DDX.
Foreman : We just did it.
House : No, we just did the fake one.
House : Why do you think I let the truth fairy know about the bug?
House : I was testing her. She failed. She's still a narc.
House : Thiamine deficiency fits better than leukemia.
Taub : You think she's an alcoholic.
UNK: When I had dinner with Arlene, I mixed her a gin and tonic
House : and I'd run out of the tonic
House : so I substituted sleeping pills.
House : Next morning, she assumed the blackout was from the drinking.
House : How many old ladies are used to passing out from boozing?
House : The answer is the boozers.
House : We're gonna have to slip her the thiamine pills.
Foreman : We've got to run this by Cuddy.
House : Why do you think I'm in such a bad mood?
UNK: Alcoholic?
House : Treatment's very easy, safe,
UNK: just literally a few vitamin pills.
House : It'll fix her heart and it won't interfere
House : with the biopsy Kaufman's running.
UNK: I've put them in an antacid bottle.
House : Just tell her it's for stomach problems.
Cuddy : I have to ask her about this.
House : Of course. Absolutely.
House : You'll ask, she'll deny, you'll push it, she'll get offended,
House : you'll be exactly where you are now,
House : except it'll be harder to treat.
House : You've absolutely got to do that.
Cuddy : I don't think she'll lie to me.
House : She just spent the last five years
House : going south of the border down Mexico way.
Cuddy : We have our issues, but since Dad died,
Cuddy : we tell each other the truth when asked directly.
Cuddy : It's important to us.
House : Addicts lie.
Cuddy : Can I speak to Mom alone?
UNK: Why?
Arlene : You're scaring me, Lisa.