Cuddy : So, why were you taking a Mexican folk remedy?
Arlene : A friend uses it. A friend.
Cuddy : Mom, just for medical reasons, you should have told me.
Cuddy : If you're sexually active... At my age,
Arlene : he's more the active one.
Cuddy : Mom's having a fling.
Julia : I know. You do?
Arlene : She's been giving me lousy advice about it for five years.
Arlene : I have physical needs.
Julia : He's a married man, Mom.
Arlene : She doesn't want sex with him, I do want to have sex with him.
Arlene : Tell me who's being hurt.
Cuddy : Hold on. Five years?
Cuddy : Why didn't you tell me about it?
Arlene : I don't know.
Arlene : We don't have that kind of relationship.
Arlene : Does that really surprise you?
Foreman : You're not ready?
Foreman : You said you had two guys helping you move.
Taub : They couldn't get out of work.
Taub : I'm trying to economize.
Taub : And this hotel is cheaper.
UNK: Hi.
Rachel : I'm sorry.
Rachel : I just wanted to drop off some mail
Rachel : and talk to you about something.
Taub : Of course.
UNK: Rache.
Rachel : Chris, that's not why...
Rachel : We got to move on.
UNK: And what does that mean? Have you moved on?
Taub : With who? Is it Phil?
Arlene : I don't want to talk about this.
Rachel : I know that you're worried about money, so...
Taub : You're trying to change the subject. Yeah.
Rachel : Which you could have gleaned from,
Rachel : "I don't want to talk about this."
Rachel : I got you a tryout to be a part-time
Rachel : medical consultant on law suits.
Taub : Wait. With your brother?
Taub : Have you completely forgotten the last time I saw him?
UNK: Yeah, that was five years ago.
Rachel : Jamie had just found out that you'd been
Rachel : cheating on me with your partner's daughter.
Rachel : It's a little over-reaction...
Taub : He broke my nose and then called me
Taub : the most horrible person that he's ever met.
Rachel : He shouldn't have broken your nose.
House : You know, texts, calls and e-mails
House : all go to the same magic device these days, only got to send one.
Arlene : Then it's even weirder it took you so long to get down here.
UNK: Yeah, it's a crazy mystery. It's not like I got a department to run.
Arlene : This other magic device tells me that
Arlene : lead poisoning wouldn't cause all my symptoms.
House : True. But it could cause the 5% that are real.
Arlene : You think I'm a hypochondriac?
House : Well, let me answer this way.
House : Maybe you're imagining that I think you're a hypochondriac.
Arlene : Look, my hand just started to shake.
Arlene : It's a side effect of these arthritis pills. Read the label.
Taub : I did. When I was typing it up.
House : Right before I slapped it on a bottle of sugar pills.
Arlene : You printed a fake label just to prove I'm a hypochondriac?
House : Did it work?
Arlene : It got you fired, you schmuck.
Cuddy : An hour to convince her to go with Dr. Kaufman,
Cuddy : and only then because he runs internal medicine.
Cuddy : She wanted to leave the hospital entirely.
House : My God, a woman getting better wants to leave the hospital.
Cuddy : If she's getting better, it's not because you made her feel like a fool.
House : It couldn't be more because.
House : If I hadn't, she'd have diagnosed herself with six new forms of cancers.
House : She'd never leave.
Cuddy : It's hard enough dealing with my mom being sick. This juvenile...
Kaufman : It's gonna be okay, but she's in A-fib at 170.
Cuddy : I'll be right there.
Cuddy : A-fib's at 170.
House : Wait. I'm sorry she's sick.
House : I'm not sorry I'm off the case.
Cuddy : You're not off the case.