Masters : So, um, you know how you had us consulting,
Masters : and then stopped having us consult?
Cuddy : Why are you still here?
Masters : Well, I think the stopping might have stopped.
Masters : House put me on this weird case where there's no treatment.
Masters : I think maybe to distract me.
Masters : And they've been acting odd.
Cuddy : I'll look into it.
Cuddy : Thank you for coming to me.
UNK: Because I'm worried that he's switching your mother's medications.
Masters : I checked with the pharmacy.
Masters : Dr. Chase got prednisone and antibiotics for my coma patient.
Masters : Which wouldn't treat him,
Masters : but could treat conditions that cause heart failure.
House : You told me to keep you out of it, do what I needed to do.
House : What the hell did you think that meant?
Cuddy : I meant like if you had to slip her
Cuddy : a few more vitamin pills or something.
Cuddy : This is life-threatening. It's illegal.
Cuddy : I wasn't expecting something like this.
House : Only because you intentionally weren't thinking about it
UNK: 'cause you don't wanna make any tough decisions.
Cuddy : Are you completely sure it's endocarditis?
House : That's not a real question.
House : Endocarditis fits better than the alternatives.
House : We're having a little trouble hanging the right IV.
UNK: Fastest way is with your help.
UNK: Where did Julia go?
Arlene : She's got a family.
Cuddy : I've got a family.
Arlene : Three kids and a husband, that's a family.
Cuddy : You are always tougher on me than Julia. Why is that?
House : I'm not.
Cuddy : I was thinking about when you made me run for yearbook editor.
Cuddy : I didn't want to, I didn't have a social life my whole senior year.
Cuddy : You let Julia do whatever she wanted.
Arlene : We're debating 12th grade now?
Cuddy : Like anything's changed.
Arlene : What do you want, Lisa?
Arlene : Do you want to hear I love you both the same?
Arlene : Of course I do.
UNK: Okay.
Arlene : But times like this,
Arlene : when we argue, it reminds me
Arlene : I have more in common with her.
Arlene : She's nicer to me.
Arlene : I love you both,
Arlene : but I like her more than you.
Foreman : I called you three times.
Taub : My phone wasn't exactly on.
Taub : I figure I'll be getting some angry calls
Taub : once radiology sends back the angiogram.
Foreman : They already did.
UNK: Here.
Foreman : This is what you saw.
Foreman : It's an anatomical variant of the skull,
Foreman : bone in proximity to a blood vessel.
Foreman : There was nothing wrong with him.
UNK: That was reason G.
Taub : That's good news for him.
Cuddy : Lungs clear?
Kaufman : Diffuse wheezing, tightness, pruritus.
Cuddy : It's an allergic reaction.
UNK: Looks like. But it doesn't make any sense.
Kaufman : She's on prednisone. How could she get an allergic reaction?
Cuddy : I switched out the antibiotics, put her back on prednisone.
Cuddy : Her breathing's normal. But the A-fib's back and her fever's up.
Taub : Allergy's got to be due to our antibiotics.
House : Does Kaufman know what we did?
Taub : That's good. No, that is terrible.
Cuddy : He doesn't know that she got worse on antibiotics,
Cuddy : so now he's thinking endocarditis.
Cuddy : He'll put her back on the antibiotics that almost suffocated her.
Taub : What do we do?