Jamie : You made her think I was hiding her son being sick!
Jamie : She scuttled the settlement. She reported me to the bar.
Jamie : I got to deal with that crap now!
Jamie : I will sue you for slander, for tortuous interference
Jamie : and anything else I can use to destroy you.
Jamie : And my sister says, stay out of her life, you failure.
Jamie : Five years of therapy.
Masters : Dr. Kaufman, I need to speak with you and the patient alone.
Kaufman : I'm skipping the credentials committee.
Kaufman : I'm going straight to the state board and reporting you for...
Kaufman : What you've done is so off the spectrum,
Kaufman : I don't know there's a specific name for it.
House : - I think he's talking to you. - Marty, calm down.
Kaufman : - And you. - What you did is worse.
Kaufman : He's an insane lunatic. You're the Dean of Medicine.
Arlene : I want you off my case.
Kaufman : That's exactly right.
Arlene : Don't get excited. You're fired, too.
UNK: What?
Arlene : I'll never get away from House
Arlene : or my daughter if I stay here.
UNK: Transfer me to Princeton General.
UNK: Mom.
Cuddy : You're very ill and you're very angry.
Cuddy : You really think now is the right time to make a decision like this?
Arlene : You lied to me and betrayed me.
Arlene : Do you think I really care what you consider a good idea anymore?
Cuddy : I'll get the ambulance.
UNK: Happy?
Cuddy : I can't believe it.
Cuddy : What just happened?
House : You just killed her.
Cuddy : Are you blaming me?
Cuddy : This is all because you're so arrogant,
Cuddy : you goaded her into firing you.
House : Actually, my mistakes started a little after that,
House : when I agreed to your brilliant scheme
House : to keep me on the case after she'd fired me off it.
House : She would have left the hospital.
House : Only 'cause you would have let her. Like you did just now.
Cuddy : You think I can control her?
Arlene : I don't know. I've never seen you try.
Cuddy : I have been rebelling against this woman my entire life.
House : Here's what I've seen.
House : She insults you, you complain to me.
House : I drug her at dinner, you never let her know.
House : We slip her medicine, happens behind her back.
House : You never confront her.
House : And it pisses me off.