UNK: We should switch to a different antibiotic. Why?
Chase : We can't treat the salmonella unless... Salmonella?
House : That was a total stretch.
UNK: Oh, man, why does that sound so familiar?
UNK: You think it's 'cause I said it an hour ago?
House : Then it was a dumb thing to say. Now it's smart.
House : She's got the rash, so we know she's unusually susceptible to allergic reactions,
House : so that's what brought her in.
House : Probably the peanut butter in her sandwich.
Chase : Stick test was negative for peanuts.
House : That's because you foolishly tested her while she was lying down.
Foreman : Exercise-based anaphylaxis? I think that requires exercise.
Foreman : When her throat closed, they'd just got done eating.
Foreman : Not even competitive eating.
House : And getting robbed. That always gets my heart rate up.
House : Give her the same food she ate at the diner
House : and stick her on the treadmill.
Foreman : Better yet, put a gun to her head, threaten to rape her.
House : You don't think I'm going to get a response?
UNK: No.
UNK: You're on. Fifty bucks.
Foreman : I'm not betting on a patient's...
House : A hundred bucks. If you say so.
Tracy : My stomach really hurts.
Tracy : Jeremy, you out there? Talk to... Talk...
Jeremy : You're doing great. Isn't this enough?
Foreman : We're not getting any allergic response yet.
Jeremy : Shut it off.
Foreman : We don't complete the test,
Foreman : my boss will just come down here and do it himself.
Foreman : You do not want that.
UNK: She's in pain. Look at her.
Foreman : I don't want to have to ask you to leave.
Jeremy : You're gonna ask me to leave? Are you kidding me? This is my wife!
Jeremy : You guys aren't helping her. You're just hurting her. What?
Jeremy : You guys have all this equipment here, and you're not doing anything!
UNK: You guys can't even figure out what's...
UNK: GROANING
Jeremy : God, it hurts.
UNK: Where? In my stomach. And my chest.
Jeremy : Oh, God! It's Foreman. Get me a wheelchair.
FOREMAN : He's as sick as she is now.
UNK: I told you it wouldn't work.
Foreman : It worked on the wrong patient.
House : We could spend all day arguing right or wrong.
UNK: Give me the 100 bucks.
Foreman : We didn't bet.
House : We could spend all day arguing whether we bet or not.
UNK: Give me the 100 bucks.
Chase : Come on, Foreman, pay up. He won. Or we could just never finish the DDX.
Foreman : Husband's test showed no MI, no aortic dissection. It's not his heart.
Foreman : It's just nonspecific chest and abdominal pain.
House : So, psychosomatic? Panic attack?
Cameron : Pain persisted after he got lorazepam and morphine.
Cameron : Whose locker is that?
UNK: Mine.
House : Chest, stomach, throat.
House : What does it all mean? We're in the nurses' locker room.
House : I know that.
House : Oh, that is so annoying.
House : Wilson's girlfriend's left her stuff in my locker again.
Chase : Great. I hadn't committed any felonies yet today.
UNK: Relax. You know who they're going to blame.
UNK: House, you want to mess with Wilson, no problem.
UNK: But you got no reason to screw around with...
House : Can we get back to the medicine? FOREMAN : Okay.
Foreman : Why assume one disease? His chest, her throat.
House : So it's just a coincidence that they've both got crippling stomach pains?
House : Wow, they really are a great couple. So much in common.
House : One blue shoe. What do you think that means?
Foreman : It means you're insane. Wilson's not dating her.
House : You feeling luckier?
Foreman : It doesn't matter what I answer.
House : Two hundred it is.
Cameron : If they're married and caught the same disease, then it means they...