Cuddy : Pay attention to me.
House : Sorry, that would make it harder to ignore you.
House : Can't ignore that rapidly expanding first-trimester ass, though.
Cuddy : Sometimes an ass is just an ass.
Cuddy : You are not always right, House. Apologize to the guy.
Tracy : What are you doing here? Stay away from my son.
Tracy : How did you find us?
UNK: Jeremy's Dad : Stay away from that girl.
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: Please! Please! Please! You leave him alone!
Cameron : What happened? She's dreaming. She started yelling.
UNK: You're breaking Jeremy's arm. Please! No one's hurting him.
Jeremy : Baby, it's me. It's Jeremy. Tracy, Tracy.
Jeremy : She's okay. Baby, it was just a bad dream. Everything's okay.
Jeremy : Tracy. Tracy?
Foreman : It was an acute delirium.
Jeremy : Well, she's talking, right? I mean, she's coming out of it.
UNK: No, she's not really talking, just making sounds.
Jeremy : Okay. When's she gonna come out?
Foreman : Jeremy, she's in a coma.
Foreman : but her response to stimuli is getting weaker,
Foreman : which means the coma's getting worse.
UNK: Her brain is slowly shutting down.
Jeremy : Can I see her?
UNK: We're getting some more images to check for masses or infections.
UNK: GROANING
Foreman : I'll increase your morphine.
Jeremy : Her hallucination.
Jeremy : If you knew what it was, would that make any difference?
Jeremy : Medically, I mean.
Foreman : Not usually.
Foreman : Some cases, the form of a hallucination can tell us
Foreman : what part of the brain is being hit.
Jeremy : I think it was about my dad.
Foreman : Your dad was breaking your arm?
Jeremy : He was a drunk, pill-popping racist.
Jeremy : He caught me sneaking into her house when we were 13.
Jeremy : She lived next door.
Jeremy : He broke my arm and threatened her.
UNK: We ran off when we were 16.
Foreman : You still in touch with him?
UNK: He killed himself a couple years ago.
UNK: Oh, it's not medical. I just thought blacks were the racist ones.
Chase : Some generalized edema throughout,
Chase : and areas of increased signal here, here, here and here.
Cameron : Damn, all over her brain stem.
Chase : Could be plaques, maybe hyperdensities from the edema.
Foreman : Or tumors or anything.
UNK: We add brain involvement to the chest, stomach, throat, what do we got?
Foreman : Didn't spike a fever when we took her off the steroids,
Foreman : so it's not an infection. Leaving environmental.
House : What flavor? Environmental doesn't make sense, either.
UNK: If it was a toxin, we'd see it in their livers.
UNK: None of the neighbors are sick, no coworkers.
House : They both got it.
UNK: That means infection or environmental, and since it's not an infection...
Foreman : What if they didn't both get it?
Foreman : Maybe we got our basic assumption wrong and it's two different diseases.
House : Maybe we didn't and it's sarcoidosis.
Foreman : Sarcoidosis isn't infectious or environmental.