Wilson : We'll do all we can to minimize any damage.
UNK: No.
Wilson : The methotrexate isn't showing any effects yet.
Wilson : You could both be...
Jeremy : She's brilliant.
Jeremy : All A's in college while working full-time.
Jeremy : I can't do that to her.
Wilson : And if you both die, you think she'd want that?
Jeremy : Do it on me instead.
Wilson : It's not in your brain. It will be.
Jeremy : It's the same disease, right? Do it then.
Wilson : She could die before you show the symptoms.
Jeremy : Then stop treating me.
House : Great job. Why didn't you just shoot him in the head?
Wilson : Hold on. That gives me an idea.
Wilson : You know what could save this couple? Lots of misdirected sarcasm.
House : They're dead! Yelling at you might prevent you from screwing up...
Wilson : I didn't screw up. I did my job.
House : Your job was to get me the biopsy.
Wilson : No, it was to present the patient with his options.
UNK: Two options, biopsy or no biopsy.
UNK: He chose a third, no treatment. How do you even do that?
Wilson : Remember when you used to just weave elaborate conspiracy theories
Wilson : about my love life?
Wilson : Those were such good times.
House : How much morphine is the husband on?
Chase : We can't increase it any more. His respirations are depressed.
Chase : Increase it? Drugs cloud people's judgment.
UNK: Cold-turkey the sucker.
UNK: No.
House : Good point.
House : Did I ask you guys to follow me?
Cameron : No, which made us nervous.
UNK: He'll catch on if he notices he's off the morphine drip.
House : Shoot him up with one of these puppies instead.
UNK: No!
House : You do understand it's not really a puppy.
Cameron : It's naloxone.
Foreman : An opiate blocker? He'll feel like he's swallowing a bonfire.
Foreman : That's pretty unethical, even for you.
House : How is that unethical? Lt'll lead to a diagnosis.
Cameron : It's leading to the torture of the husband
UNK: on the off-chance he'll allow a procedure on another person.
House : Which will lead to a diagnosis. Didn't I just say that?
Chase : Give it up.
Chase : Foreman and Cameron are too ethical, and I'm too scared of getting sued.
House : Fine. Now, I'm just going to find someplace safe to hide this
UNK: so I won't be tempted to use it.
Foreman : You're not doing it, either.
UNK: What, are you going to run for it?
House : If they die now, they'll never be able to grow old and tired of each other.
Chase : We can't baby-sit House all day.
Cameron : Tell Cuddy to put a nurse by his room.
Foreman : Damn it!
Chase : Atropine? What happened to...
Cameron : He knew we'd stop him. He stuck both of them in his pocket.
Chase : That's actually pretty clever.
House : Guess I can't use that trick again, huh?
Tracy : My stomach!
UNK: It was a pretty smart plan, Jerry, but I'm onto you.
House : There's only one good reason to kill the biopsy.
House : You poisoned your wife, and you don't want the coppers to get wise.
UNK: No! Oh, all right. Then you're just a moron.
Jeremy : Biopsy me!
House : Only if this thing hits your brain, you moron.
UNK: And I can't stress that "moron" part enough.
House : You're killing your wife.
Jeremy : She is the love of my life.
UNK: Careful. When she's dead and you're on wife number two,
UNK: you're gonna feel real guilty about saying that.
UNK: Feel that? Get used to it.
UNK: Pain's going to get a lot worse.
Foreman : No, it won't.
Foreman : Morphine just isn't working right now for some reason.
Foreman : I'm putting you on a tranquilizer in the meantime. It'll work again soon.
UNK: Want to bet?