Tracy : We have the same father!
Foreman : You didn't fight in the backseat on car trips.
Foreman : You didn't change each other's diapers.
UNK: You guys just met and fell in love.
Foreman : The way you feel, that hasn't changed.
Chase : Hey, Foreman, can you wear the beeper for a couple of hours this weekend?
UNK: What?
Foreman : We just destroyed two people's lives.
UNK: So I'm not allowed to run errands anymore?
Foreman : I'd like to see some sign that it affects you,
Foreman : or that you recognize it affects other people.
Chase : So are you going to wear the beeper or not?
UNK: Sorry, I can't.
Chase : You just want to punish me.
Foreman : I'm busy.
Chase : With what?
Foreman : Going out of town.
House : Where are you going?
House : Foreman, you're not missing a blue shoe, are you?
UNK: Come...
House : You can't bet when you know the answer beforehand.
House : We could spend all day arguing whether you can bet
House : when you know the answer beforehand.
UNK: Give me the 200 bucks.
UNK: What?
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Wendy : You okay?
Foreman : I was just wondering, do you really like jazz?
Wendy : I love it.
UNK: Are you lying?
Wendy : I'm lying.
UNK: I want to spend time with you.
Wendy : Is that so terrible?
UNK: No.
Wendy : Maybe we shouldn't walk out together. If people see us leaving...
UNK: Everybody's got to find out sometime.
Foreman : Let me just meet you at your place.
Jeremy : She got her own room.
Foreman : She just needs some time alone.
UNK: Do you want me to hang out here a bit?
House : If you've come to return the thermometer, don't bother. I've moved on.
Tritter : If you'd actually read my chart, you'd have known that I'm a cop.
Tritter : You were going 40 in a 25 zone.
House : Oh, come on.
House : This isn't because I was speeding, this is because I'm Latino.
Tritter : License, registration, proof of insurance.
House : Sorry, cool jacket. Only pockets for important stuff.
Tritter : That's a shame.
UNK: A 50 buck ticket?
House : Is that your way of beating me up,
UNK: or is that just the price for sticking something in you?
Tritter : You took a pill while you were examining a patient.
Tritter : That's serious addictive behavior.
Tritter : I'm betting that you're holding right now.
House : I wasn't weaving. I'm not drunk.
Foreman : You've got no reason to... Pupils dilated.
Tritter : Appear to be under the influence of a narcotic.
Tritter : Would you mind turning around, please, and putting your hands behind your head?
House : Does that polite crap ever work on people?
Tritter : Most people realize there's only one answer.
UNK: You got a prescription?
House : I'm a cripple who works in a hospital.
House : You don't think I can get a valid prescription?
UNK: Arrogant son of a bitch like you?
UNK: I'm going to bet you didn't bother.
Tritter : You are under arrest for possession of narcotics.
Tritter : You have the right to remain silent,
Tritter : which you should take advantage of for once in your life.
Tritter : If you give up the right to remain silent,
Tritter : anything you say can and will be used against you...