CAMERON : Twenty-year-old married African-American female.
Cameron : Couldn't breathe. Anaphylaxis-like throat swelling.
UNK: Children? You think pregnancy would explain...
House : Explains the marriage.
House : Who the hell gets married at 20?
Foreman : I'm guessing, people in love?
UNK: Show me a 20-year-old who's not in love.
House : You get married at 20, you're going to be shocked at who you're living with at 30.
CAMERON : It's not allergies. Negative on the skin test.
UNK: Four days of antihistamines and steroids.
House : Who's he talking to? What?
House : It's got an ass. Technically, that makes it a "who."
Cameron : New nurse in peds. Wendy something.
Cameron : Swelling just started to go down...
House : You seen her here before?
UNK: A couple times. I tried following her home, but she gave me the slip.
UNK: Swelling's...
UNK: LAUGHING
House : You think that's funny?
House : Ask him about the time he sabotaged my cane.
UNK: Are you serious?
Wilson : There was a point to it. Wendy, this is House.
House : Something about not getting too uppity with normal folks who walk good.
Wendy : You're everything I'd heard. Nice to meet you.
Wilson : Why so rude?
UNK: You've sprinted through three bad marriages
House : into an affair with a dying patient. Now a naughty nurse?
House : How many more failed relationships are we both gonna have to deal with
House : before you learn to love yourself?
House : And I mean that in the literal way.
Wilson : It's amazing how you can not only know it's a relationship,
Wilson : but that it's a bad relationship, based on nothing but nothing.
House : I know you.
Wilson : I'm not with her, not even trying.
House : You're lying to me. That's interesting.
Wilson : Well, as long as it's interesting.
Cameron : Swelling is... Why is she hanging out here?
UNK: Anyone interested in what happened with the swelling?
House : She's in peds. That's the next wing over.
Cameron : If you're wondering if Wilson's dating her, ask Wilson.
Foreman : Clearly he did, and Wilson denied it. And House doesn't believe it.
UNK: That's gotta hurt. That's why it pays to have more than one friend, House.
House : If he's not hitting that, why is she here?
Cameron : Because I'm hitting that and it's totally hot.
UNK: Swelling took four days to resolve.
Cameron : Patient has unexplained intense abdominal pains.
House : So explain them.
House : Wake me when they've done an exploratory laparotomy.
House : Anybody know her? Know her story?
UNK: Up and at 'em.
Cameron : They did a laparotomy.
Cameron : Liver, bowel, gall bladder, appendix, all clean.
House : Belly pain plus throat swelling.
Chase : She was in some sort of assault, right? Simple neck trauma.
UNK: It says no one touched her neck, and if they did, it would resolve by now.
Foreman : Didn't need to touch her. Some guy coughed on her, right?
Cameron : He's in jail and he's completely healthy,
Cameron : except for the broken head he got from the beating he took.
UNK: There's pot on her tox screen.
Chase : Salmonella from the pot would explain the stomach pains.
UNK: It's a stretch. She'd have a fever.
Chase : She's on steroids for the swelling, therefore no fever.
Chase : And the smoking explains the throat.
Foreman : Sorry, take it back. That's a stretch.
House : Got a better idea?