Jeremy : I don't care about the pain.
Jeremy : I need to be in pain, because I have to get worse.
UNK: It means you can do the biopsy on me.
House : Dude, she's in a coma. Who are you trying to impress?
Jeremy : I'd die for her.
UNK: Give up. Or are we going to wait for him to get all grown up and cynical?
Cuddy : I was just going to call you.
House : I need a court order to biopsy this woman's brain.
Cuddy : Speaking of litigation...
Cuddy : Michael Tritter, you know Dr. House.
Cuddy : You guys can talk here.
Tritter : I don't want to sue you.
UNK: Good.
Tritter : I want to beat the crap out of you.
House : Less good. And I'll tell you why.
Tritter : You're a bully,
Tritter : and bullies, they don't back down
Tritter : until they run into someone stronger and meaner.
House : But you'll accept an apology?
UNK: Yes.
House : Not really a recipe for sincerity.
Tritter : I'm not looking for sincerity.
Tritter : I'm looking for humiliation,
Tritter : something that will make you think twice before you treat the next patient like crap.
UNK: Here's what's going to happen.
UNK: You go brag to your friends
UNK: about how you made the big, nasty doctor poop in his pants.
UNK: I get Cuddy off my back by telling her that I humiliated myself.
UNK: Here's the catch. We're both going to be lying.
UNK: I'm not apologizing.
UNK: If anything, you deserved a bigger thermometer.
Jeremy : What's wrong? Jeremy's worse.
UNK: And that's what's right.
House : Cut the stubborn jerk's head open and take a slice.
Cameron : It's not his brain.
Foreman : Lactic acid's up to 39. His intestines are rotting.
Chase : This isn't sarcoidosis.
UNK: Then he'll get his wish.
House : He's dying, just not in a way that's going to help his wife.
UNK: Coma's worse. She's losing response to stimuli.
Cameron : He's vomiting blood and his lactic acid's 45.
UNK: He's got to have ischemic bowel. So what?
Chase : Well, let's see. Lack of blood flow's causing his guts to die,
Chase : which will cause him to die,
Chase : unless we cut out a few feet of small intestine and reattach the ends.
Chase : I don't know, seems worth a mention.
House : Why does he have it? What does it tell us?
UNK: Small-cell vasculitis?
House : Good. Now let's hear it again,
UNK: but this time with a more environmental or infectious feeling.
Foreman : Or, like I said before, it might not be environmental or infectious.
Foreman : He has vasculitis, she has porphyria.
Foreman : Belly pain plus hallucination, classic symptoms.
UNK: It could even cause a coma.
House : Fine. Start her on hematin for porphyria.
Cameron : What about him?
House : Take out the dead bowel. It's all we can do.
House : And biopsy it. If Foreman's right, it might save him.
House : If Foreman's wrong, the dead bowel might save both of them.
Foreman : Bowel's not dead.
House : Unless he's been tossing down frosty cans of lactic acid, bowel is dead.
House : What we're looking for is a reason it's dead.
Foreman : Bowel's not dead.
Foreman : Just general swelling and edema. High lactate was probably from stress.
Foreman : We just sliced him open from chest to pubic bone for nothing.
House : Nothing's something.
UNK: Forget the ischemia. Add the edema and swelling.
Foreman : Probably from cutting him open.
House : Probably, not definitely.
House : Okay, back to the beginning.
House : What did we talk about? Anything. I want to hear it all again.
UNK: Allergies. Doesn't fit at all now.
CHASE : STDs. Maybe we got the wrong one.
Chase : What about syphilis?
Chase : Neurological symptoms. He wasn't cheating on her.
House : Yeah, love of his life. Don't you have to wait till he's dead
UNK: before you make that determination?
Foreman : She's his only girlfriend ever.
Foreman : They grew up next door, ran off together as teenagers.
Foreman : Sarcoidosis. We only ruled it out because we thought he had ischemic...
House : Why did they run off? What difference does...
House : Kids talk about running off. How many do it?
House : What was the reason?