House : Then stretch away.
UNK: Start her on fluoroquinolone for the salmonella.
Tritter : I was waiting two hours out there.
UNK: Fascinating.
House : Have you considered a career as a memoirist?
House : Let's see it.
Tritter : You don't introduce yourself?
House : Sorry, I thought you were waiting two hours.
House : Didn't know you wanted to chat.
House : Hi, I'm Greg. How about that local sports team?
House : It's not an infection.
UNK: How can you tell without...
House : You want me to touch you?
House : It's your private place.
House : You're chewing nicotine gum, which causes dehydration, which causes wear and tear.
House : Try a lubricant, or foreplay if you're cheap.
Tritter : Just take a swab and get it tested, okay?
UNK: Sorry, I already met this month's quota of useless tests for stubborn idiots.
Tritter : You're rude.
House : Wow. You're like a detective or something.
Tritter : And you're smart and you're funny.
Tritter : But you are bitter and you're lonely,
Tritter : so you treat everyone around like they're idiots,
Tritter : and you get away with it 'cause of your cane.
House : Please stop. It's hard to write through the haze of bitter tears.
Tritter : But you're not actually getting away with it.
Tritter : Last nurse you made fun of, she probably slipped some crap into your coffee.
House : Yeah, I asked for decrapinated coffee.
Tritter : Treat people like jerks, you get treated like a jerk.
Tritter : Thank you.
House : Bend over.
Jeremy : You kidding me? If you have an infection, you'd have a fever.
UNK: But you're chewing nicotine gum,
House : which messes with the weather in your mouth,
House : so I need to vacation elsewhere.
UNK: WINCING
UNK: And wait till I put the thermometer in.
House : You break it, you bought it.
House : Leaving early today.
UNK: Do you ever get that thing where you're sure you forgot something,
House : but you can't figure out what?
House : Guess it can't be that important.
UNK: Salmonella is a bacterial infection that you can get from pot plants.
UNK: It causes stomach pain.
Tracy : And my throat?
Foreman : The thinking is it's an inflammatory reaction to the smoking.
Jeremy : How much would you need to smoke for your throat to go nuts like that?
Foreman : Most cases, a lot.
Jeremy : We don't smoke a lot.
Foreman : Let's just start the treatment.
Jeremy : You think we're liars, as well as druggies?
Foreman : Actually, I'm wondering if you'd mind getting her a cup of ice chips.
UNK: You're not gonna get any different answer from her.
Tracy : No, no. He can stay.
UNK: No offense, but this place is scary. I feel better when he's around.
Foreman : Tracy, I need to talk to you.
Tracy : We don't do a lot of drugs.
Foreman : I need to know your answers aren't being pressured.
Tracy : Look, if you think the antibiotics are a good idea, you can give them to me.
UNK: Okay. Worst-case scenario, it'll help us rule out a few things.