House : Brochure to a jazz festival in the Poconos this weekend.
Chase : Wilson likes jazz. Foreman, pay the man.
House : Four, five, six novels, no music. What does that mean?
Foreman : She's literate.
House : It means she spends her leisure time reading, not listening.
House : She'd only want to go and watch jazz if the other person wanted to go.
House : She has a martyr complex, issues of inferiority.
Cameron : Married couple, same disease.
Cameron : They either got it from each other or in the same place.
House : Infectious or environmental?
UNK: What we have to do is check out parasites, viruses, bacteria, fungi,
House : prions, radiation, toxins, chemicals. Or it's Internet porn-related.
House : I'll check the Internet. You guys cover the rest of the stuff.
Chase : If they can live here without killing each other, they must really be in love.
Chase : It's tiny.
Foreman : How come it's taking you so long to search it?
Chase : Box of condoms in his jacket.
Foreman : I know you're poor now, but buy your own.
Chase : She's on the pill.
UNK: Why would he need condoms?
UNK: No, no, no. Put that back.
UNK: Why?
Foreman : We show that to House, he'll just call the guy a cheating bastard.
Foreman : Look how he is with Wilson.
Chase : He'd be right. Could be an STD.
UNK: One that doesn't give them any symptoms in their sexual organs?
UNK: They never mentioned anything. Maybe they're embarrassed.
Chase : What else could it be?
Chase : You think they just like the sexy feel of latex against their genitals?
Foreman : Maybe the wife just wants to be extra-cautious.
UNK: Tough Guy2 : Come on. You really believe that? Yeah.
Chase : Good. Then I'm sure you'll have no problem convincing House.
House : That cheating bastard!
Foreman : He loves her.
House : Right, I bet he told you that she's the love of his life.
Foreman : People lie. I get it.
Foreman : But they don't go up against two armed gunmen to save someone unless they...
House : There's a reason that we don't let kids vote or drink or work in salt mines.
Tritter : They're idiots.
UNK: Twenty-year-olds fall in and out of love more often than they change their oil filters,
House : which they should do more often.
Foreman : Sorry. Ridiculous of me to draw a conclusion
Foreman : based on actually observing them.
Foreman : I should have just depended on your misanthropic view of human nature.
Chase : Gonorrhea explains all their symptoms.
UNK: Fitzhugh-Curtis syndrome for her belly pain,
Chase : costochondritis and bladder infection for his chest and abdominal pain.
UNK: Good.
House : Now go rub their lying, cheating privates with a cotton swab.
Jeremy : Why would you want to look at our...
Tracy : Is this because of the condoms?
Tracy : You found them in his jacket, figured he was hiding something from me.
Tracy : I thought I was pregnant last month. It kind of freaked me out.
Tracy : I'm way too young to have kids.
Foreman : So you just wanted to be extra-cautious?
Chase : Wish one of us had figured that out, stuck to his guns.
UNK: We've still gotta check you both.
Jeremy : She's the only girlfriend I've ever had.
House : She's the love of... Please don't say it.
Jeremy : I can't say I love my wife?
UNK: We're still going to test you.
UNK: What is it? I'm white?
Foreman : Yeah, that's it.
UNK: Jer, I wish you would stop it. You're really embarrassing.
Jeremy : Everybody thinks they're so liberal, but I see how they look at us.
Jeremy : White and black, especially black.
Jeremy : I'm sorry, Trace, but it's true.
Foreman : Great. Prove us all wrong.
UNK: Stupid...
Foreman : No scarring, no purulent discharge, and the NAATs were negative.
Foreman : They don't have an STD. LOUDLY What's that you say?
UNK: You've got a problem with interracial couples?
UNK: Thank you, Chase. No!
UNK: Have any of your shorties ever been whities?
UNK: I'm not sure I understand your ghetto slang, Dr. House.
Foreman : How many black women have you dated, by the way?
House : I don't care about color, as long as they can help me breed a superior race.
Foreman : Yeah, my exes have usually been black. So what?
Foreman : It's not a racial thing. It's cultural. I have more in common with them.
Foreman : Like I assume you only date emotionally stunted bigots.
House : Sorry, you're right. That kind of prejudice is totally fine.
Foreman : The abdominal pain's getting worse. We've had to up their morphine twice.
House : Take the wife off the steroids.
House : She spikes a fever, we'll know it's an infection.
House : She doesn't, it's environmental.