UNK: If every place were this clean, it'd be tough making a living.
Monica : Oh, Larry!
Phoebe : Do health inspectors work on commission?
Larry : No, bribes.
Phoebe : -It's okay to laugh? -I was just kidding.
Larry : -I'll check the kitchen floor. -Knock yourself out.
UNK: I don't get violations. You could eat beans off that floor.
UNK: But don't, because that'd be a violation.
UNK: Yummy!
Phoebe : Yeah, I'd let him check out my kitchen floor.
UNK: A ninety-eight.
UNK: I deducted two points for not wearing your hat.
Larry : That is a Section 5 violation.
UNK: Now look, Larry, honey.
Monica : I wrote the book on Section 5.
UNK: You only need to wear it in the kitchen.
UNK: -Where's your hat? -In the kitchen. I'll get it.
UNK: There's the two points!
Phoebe : You should really read that book you wrote.
Phoebe : You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew she'd go in hatless to get it.
UNK: You could have your own health inspector detective show.
Larry : I don't know about that.
UNK: But then I could be your sidekick, Voonda.
UNK: Maybe I could ask Voonda to dinner sometime?
Phoebe : She would love that...
UNK: ...since you know all the clean places to eat.
Ross : I'll call you.
Phoebe : He's so funny!
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : How's Ross doing since all the Emily stuff?
Monica : He's not great.
Monica : But he's dealing with it. Wait, you're not
Rachel : I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again.
UNK: He'll be screwed up for a long time.
UNK: Besides, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
Monica : Right, you only go for them five minutes before they get married.
UNK: -Two pounds of mocha java. -It's Danny.
UNK: Are you going to go out again?
Larry : I don't know. He hasn't called since we went out.
Rachel : I see him in the hallway. We flirt. I'm all :
UNK: And then nothing.
Rachel : Wow, thirsty.
UNK: I'm having a party on Saturday. Sort of a housewarming thing.
UNK: -Fun. -Great!
UNK: I'm looking forward to it.
Danny : See you!
UNK: So I guess we won't be warming his house.
Rachel : All right, I see what he's doing.
Rachel : He's not asking me out because he wants me to ask him out.
UNK: And you won't do that.
Rachel : That's right!
UNK: Because that would give him the control.
UNK: So now he comes up with this "I've got a party" thing...
Rachel : ...to get me to hint for an invitation.
Rachel : Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Monica : So there is no party?
Rachel : No, there's a party. There's a party.
Rachel : But the power?
Rachel : That is still up for grabs.
Rachel : You follow me?
Monica : I think so.
UNK: So he won't invite you to his party because he likes you?
UNK: Exactly!
UNK: Then why didn't he invite me?
UNK: To throw me off.