Larry : Ready for dinner?
UNK: -Absolutely. -Great.
UNK: You wanted to go to the Italian place on Bleecker St.?
Phoebe : I love that place!
Rachel : So, no.
UNK: How about Mama Lozetti's?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: How long has that milk been sitting out?
Phoebe : No, this place is totally healthy.
Phoebe : This milk is mine. I bought this today...
UNK: ...because I was thirsty for milk, you know?
Ross : Okay, let's go.
Larry : Hey, buddy.
UNK: Health Code 11 B requires that refuse be taken out the back exit.
UNK: But then I have to go all the way around.
UNK: So you choose convenience over health?
UNK: Would you be interested in a free coffee?
Phoebe : Stop, Larry.
Phoebe : Can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy?
UNK: It was exciting at first.
UNK: But now, it's like, so where are we going to eat ever?
Larry : I suppose I could give him a warning.
Rachel : Thank you.
Phoebe : Go, go!
Phoebe : If, after dinner, you still need to bust someone...
Phoebe : ...I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
UNK: Maybe we did good, helping Ross get back on his feet.
Chandler : That was a nice place.
UNK: No closet space, but he could hang his stuff out the window in a bag.
UNK: What do we do?
Larry : I don't know.
Joey : Maybe pizza?
Chandler : About Ross!
Joey : It's the apartment manager. Ross put us as references.
Joey : Ross is the greatest guy. He's very reliable
UNK: Of course, he has a big, huge dog that barks into the night.
Chandler : Well, who doesn't love dogs?
Chandler : He's a tap dancer.
Chandler : Yes, some would say that is a lost art.
Chandler : He's a pimp!
UNK: There you go. He's a pimp.
UNK: He's a big, tap-dancing pimp!
UNK: -Okay, honey, I'm ready. -What are you doing?
UNK: I am going to wander into the party and I will be all, you know :
UNK: "I don't need this, I'm coming from a regatta gala."
UNK: Did you get this out of a book?
UNK: Monica, honey, this is as real as it gets.
UNK: This is never going to work. He's right there.
UNK: Just go say hi.
UNK: I have to go downstairs and back up, as if I'm coming home from the gala.
Rachel : So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Danny : What's going on?
UNK: This is a great party. Great food.
UNK: You know, most parties, it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa.
UNK: So...
Monica : What's this?
UNK: Salad.