UNK: Dylan Fields : - I'm her new violin teacher. - Dylan, hi. Thanks for coming.
Alexis : - Dad, let him in. - Yeah.
Castle : - What happened to Olga? - She retired.
Castle : So you went male model?
Alexis : Dylan goes to Juilliard. He's a musical prodigy.
Alexis : I was lucky to get a lesson with him.
Castle : Prodigies are supposed to be all nerdy and awkward. Not that.
Martha : - Well, hello, there. I'm Martha. - Hi. Dylan.
Martha : Dylan! Oh! Alexis tells me you're very talented.
Martha : And very strong, I might add.
UNK: - What a grip! - Uh, Gram?
UNK: Well, why don't we get started?
UNK: Dylan Fields : I can assess where you are and then tomorrow we can start your lessons.
UNK: Dylan Fields : Does that sound good?
Alexis : - Yeah. My room's upstairs. - Lead the way.
Castle : Why don't you do it down here?
Castle : You know how I love watching you play.
UNK: Nonsense! She needs privacy, not a performance.
UNK: Dylan Fields : Spoken with true artistic insight.
Martha : Well, thank you. I'm an actor, so stands to reason.
UNK: Well, he's a charming young man.
Martha : Well, I'm off. See you later, darling.
Castle : I liked Olga.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Hey, Mike. Where's the body?
Ryan : - You didn't tell him? Tell me what?
Beckett : - And ruin the surprise? - What surprise?
Castle : Do we have jurisdiction in the North Pole?
Beckett : Wait for it.
Beckett : Okay, there comes the guy.
UNK: Whoa! - We see the gun.
Castle : That was awesome!
Castle : I mean, well, obviously it was horrible, but...
Castle : That's not the Arctic.
Beckett : That's an apartment, but where?
Beckett : Ryan, rewind it.
Beckett : I thought I saw something when the camera was falling.
Beckett : Stop! Right there. Out the window, in the background.
Castle : That's classic Upper West Side architecture.
Beckett : Take a picture of it, send it to the precinct.
Beckett : See if any of the beat cops recognize it.
Beckett : On it.
Beckett : Mr. Wheeler, I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : This is Rick Castle.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : I just don't understand. Everything seemed on the up and up.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : He had a Yale Ph.D.
Beckett : When was the first time that you met Mr. Fletcher?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : A few months ago, he came into the school
UNK: Jim Wheeler : and made a presentation to the school board.
UNK: A month-Iong, one-man trip to the North Pole.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : We agreed to help fund the expedition.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : In exchange, Fletcher said he would give
UNK: Jim Wheeler : a unique educational experience for the kids,
UNK: Jim Wheeler : including weekly video reports from the Arctic Circle.
Castle : How much did you raise?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : Between our school and others in the area, around $50,000.
Castle : - Wow. - That's a lot of pemmican.
Castle : A basic staple of the polar explorer diet.
Castle : High in fat and protein.
Castle : Basically, it's beef and grease kind of melted together into a jerky.
UNK: You'd think it'd be disgusting but it's surprisingly...
Castle : I'll fill you in later.
UNK: When was the last time you saw Mr. Fletcher?
UNK: He came by the school two weeks ago
UNK: to pick up a stack of letters the kids wrote to him for his trip.
UNK: He was supposed to get on a plane to Greenland the next day.
Ryan : We got an ID on the building, 79th and Amsterdam.
Beckett : Right. Tell Lanie that we'll meet her there.
Ryan : Uniforms said the door was unlocked when they got here.
Ryan : - Either the victim left it that way or... - Or the killer had a key.
Beckett : All right. Talk to the neighbors. See if Fletcher had any regular visitors.
Beckett : But first, I'm thinking our vic might've been a squirrel.
UNK: - Mmm. I'll check the bedroom. - I'm sorry, "a squirrel"?
Beckett : Likes to hide his nuts for the winter.
Castle : - And by "nuts," you mean... - Valuables, secrets.
Beckett : Anything a guy living a lie wouldn't want someone to find.