Montgomery : Sounds like a motive for murder to me.
Castle : Apparently, Ms. Schultz has spent several stints
Castle : in Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital.
Castle : And none of them voluntary.
UNK: Straitjacket.
Beckett : - Mrs. Schultz, I'm Detective Beckett. - Is this about Sanchez?
UNK: Patty Schultz : 'Cause, you know, I only hit him
UNK: Patty Schultz : because he was drilling holes in the wall to watch me exercise.
Beckett : This isn't about Sanchez. This is about him.
Castle : Steven Fletcher, also known as Steven Miles.
UNK: Patty Schultz : - Are you arresting me? - Why would we arrest you?
UNK: Patty Schultz : Because I killed him.
Beckett : Mrs. Schultz, you've just confessed to a crime. I'm gonna read you your...
UNK: Patty Schultz : In my mind.
Castle : Did you just say you killed him in your mind?
UNK: Patty Schultz : I meditate. An hour every day. It...
UNK: Patty Schultz : Doctor's orders.
UNK: Patty Schultz : And all I think about are my cats and killing this son of a bitch.
UNK: Patty Schultz : And it finally worked, didn't it?
Castle : I'm not sure. How did you kill him in your mind?
UNK: Patty Schultz : With a belt sander.
UNK: Where were you at 9 : 00 a.m. This morning?
UNK: Patty Schultz : At the vet. Mr. Muffins has high cholesterol.
Beckett : Okay. Thank you. We're done.
Castle : How did... How did Mr. Fletcher con you?
UNK: Patty Schultz : He said he was a cryogenist and that he would freeze me and my cats
UNK: Patty Schultz : so we could be resurrected
UNK: when science had conquered the death barrier.
Castle : - And you believed him. - Have you ever been duped?
Castle : I've been married twice.
UNK: Patty Schultz : You think I got suckered because I'm crazy.
UNK: Patty Schultz : Well, you're wrong.
UNK: Patty Schultz : I have paranoid personality disorder,
UNK: Patty Schultz : which makes me the most suspicious person you've ever met.
UNK: And Steven just made me feel safe for the first time in years
UNK: Patty Schultz : and then he vanished with $60,000 of my money.
UNK: Patty Schultz : That man could sell sand to a camel.
Beckett : Thank you for coming.
UNK: Patty Schultz : Can I see his body?
UNK: No.
Castle : You know, I can't help but be a little impressed with our boy Fletcher.
Beckett : Please tell me you're kidding.
Castle : Not on a personal level, just more of a professional one.
Castle : I mean, one storyteller to another. The guy's a master.
Beckett : He's a leech!
Beckett : He preys on innocent victims and ruins their lives.
UNK: Looks like our leech has jumped up to the major leagues.
Castle : What do you mean?
Ryan : One of Fletcher's identities was recently engaged to be married.
Esposito : To Elise Finnegan.
Castle : Wait, Finnegan. Where do I know that name?
Esposito : Her family owns half of Park Avenue South.
Ryan : Our lovely bride-to-be is worth a cool hundred million bucks.
Castle : Ooh! Now I'm really impressed.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : - He wasn't a con man. - I'm afraid he was, Elise.
Beckett : We've already uncovered two other scams and I'm certain we'll find more.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : No. No, I don't believe you.
Esposito : - Elise. - It's okay, Sue.
UNK: Mr Gerry Finnegan : They were getting married next weekend.
UNK: Mr Gerry Finnegan : Elise was so excited.
Castle : - How long did she know Fletcher? - Six months.
Beckett : That's quite the whirlwind romance.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : It was love at first sight. For both of them.
Beckett : So there were no clues that he was setting her up?
Beckett : Stories that didn't add up or bills he couldn't pay?
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He insisted on paying for the wedding, even though the cost was substantial.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He seemed to live to make her happy.
Beckett : That's because making her happy was vital to his con.
UNK: Patty Schultz : You're wrong.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : I have been rich my whole life, Detective,
UNK: Elise Finnegan : so if there's one thing I've learned,
UNK: it's how to spot a man who's only interested in me for my money.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Steven wasn't like that.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He loved me for me.
Beckett : I can't believe how naive she's being.
Beckett : she still believes he loved her.