Beckett : If we get to Elise, we'll find Fletcher.
UNK: Go!
UNK: You just missed her.
UNK: She left about 10 minutes ago, after she got another call.
Esposito : From Fletcher?
UNK: She wouldn't say, she just ran out the door.
UNK: But I think she might have written something down by the phone.
Castle : What's going on?
UNK: Try the old pencil trick where you rub it...
Castle : I know.
Beckett : Damn it.
Beckett : I'm gonna call in an APB on Elise.
Beckett : See if we can get lucky at one of the airports.
UNK: Or...
UNK: What?
Beckett : Mrs. Finnegan, what is this?
UNK: Oh, well, that's their engagement album. It just came.
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : Sue made it for the wedding. Every guest was going to get one.
Castle : This looks just like...
Beckett : The Arctic brochure Fletcher handed out.
Beckett : - You said Sue made this? - Yes, she's a graphic artist.
Castle : - How long has Sue known Elise? - Oh, I don't know. A year, maybe.
Beckett : Sue is Fletcher's partner.
Beckett : It's the Undercover Lover con. Sue is the scout.
Castle : She gets close to Elise first.
Castle : Learns everything there is to know, paving the way for Fletcher.
Beckett : Who comes in with a playbook of all of Elise's hopes and dreams
UNK: Steven Fletcher : No, no, no. Something doesn't quite track.
Castle : Why would they fake Fletcher's death in such a public way?
Castle : They had to know the police were gonna get involved,
Castle : exposing their con to a lot of dangerous scrutiny.
Beckett : Unless Fletcher really is dead.
Beckett : If her dad is right and Fletcher really fell in love with Elise...
Castle : And was going to give up his con man ways...
Beckett : Then Sue stood to lose a fortune by not finishing the con.
Beckett : And if Fletcher married Elise,
Beckett : then Sue had no chance of pulling off the con on her own.
Castle : So, Sue takes matters into her own hands.
Castle : She kills Fletcher, shooting him in the face,
UNK: - making sure positive ID is impossible. - Bingo!
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : But what about the phone call from Steven?
UNK: - Well, she must've faked it somehow. - Why?
UNK: Because...
UNK: Castle & Beckett : The con is still on!
Beckett : If Elise needed money, where would she go?
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : National Bank and Trust. 84th and Lexington.
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : - Thank you, Mrs. Finnegan. - Save these, they're evidence.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Sue, is Steven okay?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. He would have called himself, but it wasn't safe.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : And he's sure that a million's going to be enough?
UNK: Sue Vaughn : It's enough to get you out of the country.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : - He's got money stashed overseas. - Oh, thanks, Sue.
UNK: - We need to hurry. - Okay.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : - Any problems? - No. No.
UNK: Miss Finnegan!
UNK: Bank Man : You forgot your phone.
Beckett : - Oh, thank you. - You're welcome.
UNK: Steven just called.
UNK: He wants me to drop the money at the safe house while you go pack.
UNK: He said to meet him at Grand Central at 9 : 00, after he does one last thing.
UNK: - And then you two can be together. - Here.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : - Good luck. - Thanks.
UNK: Newspapers?
UNK: I didn't think people read those anymore.