UNK: Who's conning whom here?
UNK: Help me out here, Elise.
Beckett : First you tell me that you have no idea that Fletcher is a con man.
Beckett : And then I find a picture of you witnessing him
Beckett : make a payoff during one of his scams.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : That's not what it was!
Beckett : - Then what was it? - I can't...
Beckett : Elise, the man that you loved is dead. I am trying to find his killer. Help me.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Steven wasn't a con man.
Beckett : - Elise, we... - He wasn't.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He was in the CIA.
Castle : - This is the best case ever. - Shut up.
Beckett : What makes you think he was in the CIA?
UNK: Elise Finnegan : A month after we started dating,
UNK: Elise Finnegan : he told me that he couldn't bear lying to me anymore.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He wasn't really a corporate lawyer.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He was a CIA agent on a top-secret case.
Beckett : And what part of this case involves conning first-graders?
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Well... That was part of his mission.
Beckett : Next you're gonna tell me that Wheeler was also a secret agent.
Beckett : - Oh, come on! - Think about it.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Wheeler works at the International School.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Half of those students are the children of UN diplomats.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Syria, China, the Middle East.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Getting close to their kids allowed Steven unique access
UNK: Elise Finnegan : to some of our country's worst enemies.
Beckett : - That is... - Pretty smart.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Steven wasn't killed for being a con man.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He was killed for his intelligence work.
UNK: No.
Castle : - I'm just saying... - No.
Castle : - You can't deny there's a possibility... - He is not in the CIA.
UNK: I'll bet you a dollar.
Beckett : All right, you're on.
Beckett : - Who are you calling? - My guy in the CIA.
Beckett : You have a guy in the CIA?
UNK: When are you going to learn? I've got a guy everywhere.
Castle : Thai food is pleasing to the tongue.
UNK: It's secret code.
Castle : He'll call me back.
Castle : Now, this guy was invaluable for the really hard-core secret agent stuff.
Castle : This guy is a machine.
Castle : I've interviewed serial killers, hit men. Agent Gray...
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : By far the deadliest man I've ever met.
Castle : He once killed a North Korean agent with a melon baller.
UNK: It was an ice-cream scoop, Castle.
UNK: Agent Gray : And that information was supposed to remain private.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Agent Gray. Not quite what I pictured based on Castle's description.
UNK: I live in a world where nothing is as it seems, Detective.
UNK: For good reason.
UNK: Transparency gets you killed.
Castle : which you'd know, if you'd read it.
UNK: Agent Gray : I read it. I thought it was terrific.
UNK: Agent Gray : Especially that sex scene. Talk about racy.
Beckett : Wait. There's a sex scene in the book?
Beckett : - Between us? - There's a sex scene in the book
Castle : between Nikki Heat and the roguishly handsome reporter who's helping her.
Beckett : - Oh, good. So he's nothing like you. - Funny.
UNK: Wait. How did you get a copy of the book?
Beckett : Look, can you just tell us that Fletcher wasn't a spook
Beckett : so we can get on with the case?
UNK: Agent Gray : Not here.
UNK: Agent Gray : Get out.
UNK: Agent Gray : Officially, I am not at liberty to confirm or deny
UNK: Agent Gray : whether anyone is an agent.
UNK: Agent Gray : But unofficially,
UNK: Agent Gray : we've never heard of your boy.
Castle : So cool.
Castle : I can't believe Fletcher conned me.
Beckett : We need to take another run at Elise,
Beckett : see if there's anything else she's holding out on us.
UNK: Dad! We need to talk.
Castle : - Sweetie. - Sit!
Alexis : Dylan called.
UNK: Did you call Juilliard and check on him?
Esposito : - Maybe. - I can't believe you.
Alexis : After I told you how much taking lessons from him means to me.
Castle : - Sweetie. - No, no, quiet!
Alexis : Am I a trouble-maker, Dad?
Alexis : Do I get drunk, disobey authority, steal police horses naked?
Alexis : No. That'd be you.
Alexis : I seem to be the only person in this family blessed with good judgment,
Alexis : and, yet, you don't trust me.
UNK: I trust you. It's just, it's a dangerous world out there and people lie.
Alexis : You don't think I know that? I'm in high school.
Alexis : It's like the wild, wild West with hormones.
Alexis : And I think I'm doing a pretty good job navigating it.
UNK: You are. And I'm proud of you.
Alexis : Well, then, why don't you trust me
UNK: to pick the person who's going to inspire me as an artist?
Alexis : I love you, Daddy, but I'm not a little girl anymore.