Alexis : You can't protect me from everything.
Beckett : She's good.
Beckett : She took you apart like a pro.
Castle : - You saw that? - Mmm-hmm. Through the glass.
Beckett : - It was actually kind of difficult to watch. - Even harder to experience.
Beckett : So, do you need a minute, or can we get back to work?
Beckett : I'll give you a minute.
Beckett : You're the one who's been pushing her to break the rules.
Beckett : And when she suddenly steps outside of your comfort zone, you freak out.
Castle : I didn't freak out. I was...
Castle : I freaked out a little, didn't I?
Beckett : Welcome to parenting a teenage girl.
Beckett : As someone who used to be one, you have my sympathy.
UNK: Detective.
Beckett : Can we come in?
UNK: Sure.
Beckett : - Is everything okay? - It's fine.
Beckett : We did some checking, Elise. Fletcher wasn't in the CIA.
UNK: Okay. Is that all?
Beckett : I don't understand.
Beckett : You fight me tooth and nail that he wasn't a con man,
Beckett : and now you just give in?
UNK: Elise Finnegan : I just want this whole thing behind me.
Castle : There's something you aren't telling us.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : - I don't know what you're talking about. - Elise, tell them the good news.
Castle : - What good news? - Nothing.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : Fletcher's alive.
Castle : Best case ever.
Castle : I'm sorry I tried to fool you.
UNK: It's just Steven left me a voicemail a half an hour ago.
UNK: And you're sure it was him?
Castle : Okay, I just got a chill.
Beckett : - That's not possible. - And yet...
Beckett : But if Fletcher's alive, then who's the dead guy in our morgue?
Beckett : - It's Fletcher, right? - Honestly, I'm not 100% sure.
Lanie : His prints match the ones found at the apartment.
Lanie : But we never got a fingerprint match on his real identity,
Lanie : so I have nothing else to compare it to.
Lanie : Plus, Fletcher has seven known identities,
Lanie : and so far I haven't found a single one that went to the dentist,
Lanie : so I have no dental records to compare.
Beckett : Okay, bottom line?
UNK: This body could or could not be a man whose alias is Steven Fletcher.
Beckett : - But we saw him die. - Or did we?
Beckett : I hate this case.
Castle : I know. Isn't it great?
Beckett : We don't actually see his murder.
Montgomery : The camera's already fallen when the shot went off.
Castle : And the body we have doesn't even have a face.
Beckett : But why?
Beckett : Fletcher was about to marry into an obscene amount of money.
Beckett : And the only other scam he had going was at the school.
Beckett : Why would he just jump ship and fake his death?
Castle : It's possible Agent Gray was lying to us about Fletcher to protect the mission.
Beckett : No, he wasn't in the CIA.
Beckett : The paper trail for the cons is way too extensive.
Beckett : There's something else that we're not seeing here.
UNK: Yeah?
Esposito : Yeah, one of Fletcher's credit cards was just used
Esposito : to buy a plane ticket. JFK to Jakarta, Indonesia.
Ryan : - He's making a run for it. - Why Indonesia?
Beckett : It's a non-extradition country. What time does the plane leave?
UNK: 5 : 00.
Beckett : Alert DHS and TSA.
Beckett : We'll coordinate a plan of attack on the way.
Esposito : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Esposito : We also got hits on five other identities.
UNK: Credit card reservations for flights out of Newark and LaGuardia.
Esposito : Car rental reservations out of New York and Philadelphia,
Esposito : and an Amtrak out of D.C.
Montgomery : He's trying to confuse his trail. Spread us thin.
UNK: Well, it's going to work. We don't have resources to cover that territory.
Castle : And these are just the IDs that we know about.
Castle : I guarantee you, he's got at least one identity we've never heard of.
Montgomery : So, he's gonna get away with this murder?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - No. - What do you mean, "no"?
UNK: By the time we figure out his real escape route,
UNK: they'll be on a beach somewhere laughing at us.
Beckett : We don't need to figure out his escape route,
Beckett : because all roads lead to Elise.
Beckett : Why would he risk everything by calling Elise?
Beckett : Sir, I believe he really does love her
Beckett : and he was planning on running away with her.