Beckett : Did anyone else have the combination?
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : No one.
Beckett : Hasn't been fired recently, or cleaned.
Beckett : I'd like to take it to the lab, if you don't mind.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : - Certainly. - Mr. Finnegan.
Castle : One father to another, I just can't believe
Castle : that you never had the urge to check out your future son-in-law.
Castle : I mean, you never thought for a moment
Castle : that maybe Fletcher wasn't what he was making himself out to be?
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : I didn't think, I knew.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Two weeks ago, I hired a private investigator to look into Steven.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Not that I was suspicious. I wasn't.
UNK: But I just thought, better safe than sorry.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : I was shocked when he called to tell me that Steven was a fraud.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Then I got angry.
UNK: Please.
UNK: But I confronted Steven.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : I told him I was going to expose him and have the wedding called off.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Well, he begged me not to.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He said he was head over heels in love with Elise.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Wanted to spend the rest of his life with her.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : I told him I wasn't buying it.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : But he promised that he was done with cons.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : That the only reason that he was still pretending
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : to be a polar explorer was for the kids. He didn't want to let them down.
UNK: He was a professional liar, Mr. Finnegan.
UNK: Yes, I know that.
UNK: But what ultimately convinced me was the pre-nup.
UNK: He said I could draw up any document,
UNK: cut him out of our fortune entirely if I wanted, and he would sign it.
UNK: After a lifetime of greed, he said he'd finally found something
UNK: more important than money. Love.
Castle : - And you believed him? - Yes, I did.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : So I never said a word about it to anybody.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : And then when you showed up here yesterday, I...
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : I just couldn't tell Elise.
Beckett : The private investigator that you hired, did he take any photographs?
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : Yes. He followed Steven for a week.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He offered me the photos,
UNK: but I said I didn't want them in the house where Elise might see them.
Castle : What are you thinking?
Beckett : That Fletcher's killer might be in one of those photographs.
Castle : You think it's possible that Fletcher was telling Gerry the truth?
Beckett : That he's suddenly a con man with a heart of gold?
Beckett : No, that's just another con.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Castle : - You don't think people can change? - No.
Beckett : I've seen too many repeat offenders to believe for one second
Beckett : that a guy who promises never to beat his wife again actually won't.
Castle : - That's a pretty bleak attitude. - Not bleak. Realistic.
UNK: Private Investigator : After Mr. Finnegan hired me, I followed your boy night and day.
UNK: Private Investigator : It became clear pretty fast he was a grifter.
Martha : - Hello. - What?
Beckett : - Isn't that... - Jim Wheeler.
UNK: First-grade teacher, extraordinaire.
Beckett : - When was this taken? - Ten days ago.
Beckett : When Fletcher was supposed to be in the Arctic.
Castle : Looks like Mr. Wheeler was in on the scam.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Okay, I'm not gonna lie to you.
Castle : Really? 'Cause clearly, you're pretty good at it.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : Listen, I realized that Fletcher was faking it when I discovered
UNK: Jim Wheeler : that the pictures in his promotional booklet were photoshopped.
UNK: So, you figured you'd make a few bucks rather than,
UNK: I don't know, protect your students?
UNK: No. I know this sounds crazy, but the kids were learning.
UNK: Fletcher loved those kids and they loved him.
UNK: Sure, he was faking the trip, technically,
UNK: but he went out of his way to provide a dynamic, fact-filled presentation.
UNK: I just figured, if he was making money on it, why shouldn't I?
UNK: Nobody was getting hurt.
Beckett : He was scamming little kids, and you were his accomplice.
Beckett : Any jury in the world would convict you of that.
UNK: Jury?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : I didn't kill him, I was standing right here when he was murdered.
Beckett : Doesn't mean I won't prosecute you for criminal fraud.
UNK: Now, you wanna stay out of jail, you better point us towards Fletcher's killer.
UNK: Listen, I swear, I don't know who killed him.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - Have you spoken to his partner? Partner?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : I guess that's who she was.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : She's in the picture.
UNK: Where?
Castle : - Hard to see. - Do you have a magnifying glass?
UNK: Better.