UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Well, good luck on your interview.
Ryan : Oh, hey, um, Beckett?
Ryan : About the interview.
Ryan : Would you mind doing it with me?
UNK: Three's a crowd in interrogation.
Beckett : Sure. Fine.
Castle : We are go for Operation Booyah. Repeat. we are go.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: "Little surprise" my wounded ass.
UNK: You have quite the temper, Anton.
Anton : When provoked.
UNK: Was that what happened the other night at the bar? You were provoked?
UNK: Wait, I'm here for a bar fight?
Anton : Come on, man!
UNK: Ifyou're dragging people in here for that,
UNK: you gonna have to arrest halfthe guys in New York.
UNK: Except halfthe guys in New York didn't kill Scott McCoy.
Beckett : And given all the witnesses who saw him beat you up...
Ryan : - Twice. - You have motive.
Beckett : Plus, your fingerprints are all over his apartment.
Anton : My fingerprints were there because...
UNK: Because?
Anton : Because we were friends.
Anton : Oh, Scott.
Esposito : Yo, Castle, you done yet?
UNK: Almost.
Anton : The fight was staged. Both of them.
Beckett : And why were they staged?
Anton : To help Scott pick up women.
Anton : You never heard of a wingman?
Ryan : A wingman who gets beat up?
Anton : It was just one of our tactics.
UNK: See, ifthe target seemed Iike she was into macho guys,
UNK: I hit on her first, real aggressive.
Ryan : And Scott would come to her rescue.
UNK: Yeah, by "kicking my ass."
Beckett : So he was a pick-up artist?
Anton : You could call it that.
Anton : Scott was into rich married women.
Beckett : And why would he target married women? what was his game?
Ryan : I don't know.
Anton : He paid me not to ask.
Beckett : You think you can describe any of these women?
Castle : - I need more time. - Okay.
UNK: Hey, how did it go with Anton?
Beckett : Ryan will fill you in.
Esposito : I'd rather hear it from you.
UNK: - It's that bad between the two ofyou? - Yeah.
UNK: So we're going to look into Anton's alibi,
Ryan : but we don't think he was our doer.
Ryan : Turns out, he was actually helping our vic
Ryan : pick up rich married women in bars.
Esposito : So you think one of these ladies got ahold of a knife
UNK: and went all Psycho on him?
UNK: Or one of theirjealous husbands.
UNK: You know, Beckett,
Ryan : Anton remembers some of these women's faces.
UNK: So I think it would be a good idea ifwe got him with a sketch artist,
Ryan : - don't you think? - Yeah.
UNK: And we will do just thatjust as soon as you let me get into my office
Beckett : so I can make that call.
Beckett : - Now, may I? - Right.
Hayley : Thank you.
UNK: Hey, Beckett, one more thing.
UNK: Yes?
Ryan : Nice shoes.
Castle : Hey. what'd I miss?
Castle : Oh, that's mine. It's, uh, Australian money.
Beckett : Castle, this is very sweet.
Beckett : This is very you.
Beckett : But I don't think that it would be a good idea.