UNK: And it's tattooed on one ofyour butts.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Yep, got a winner. And she's running, in the towel.
Beckett : Stop! Stop her!
Beckett : No, don't stop us.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : - Found it. - Mmm.
UNK: Okay, well, time to get dressed. Spa day is over.
UNK: Yeah, but before we go,
Hayley : can you please give me the number ofyour tattoo artist?
Hayley : You're right, the guy's a bloody genius.
UNK: And when you ID'd the tattoo,
Ryan : did you pull the towel off or did itjust fall off?
Hayley : - Actually, Kate pulled the towel off. - Right.
Hayley : But I'm not quite sure how this is relevant.
Esposito : - You are pathetic, bro. - Somebody's gotta write this report.
UNK: Wow.
Esposito : So, Hayley, it must have been pretty hard for you guys to chase her,
Esposito : 'cause you and Beckett were both wearing towels, right?
Beckett : Hey. Okay, here you go.
Beckett : This is your voucher, just take that up to Evidence,
UNK: and that painting is yours.
UNK: AII right. I'll see you perverts later.
Esposito : Yes, you will.
Esposito : Ryan was trying to get details on your wardrobe malfunction.
Ryan : Me? You were the one asking if Beckett was wearing a towel.
UNK: That was for the report!
UNK: I thought Castle was helping you guys resolve this conflict.
Ryan : Yeah, then he went home.
UNK: Well, I have a suspect to interview.
UNK: And the two ofyou need to figure this out.
Esposito : - What are you doing? - What Castle said.
Ryan : Writing it down.
Ryan : Trust me, I've got a lot to write.
Esposito : Hope my pen doesn't run out of ink.
Nancy : Yes. I slept with Scott.
Nancy : And yes, he took photos.
UNK: Obviously.
Beckett : And then he used them to blackmail you?
UNK: Blackmail? Where are you getting that from?
Beckett : Well, how else did your now ex-husband end up with these photos?
Nancy : Because my ex hired Scott to sleep with me.
Nancy : The same thing happened with all of us, Annika and Claire.
Nancy : You see, our husbands wanted to trade us in for younger trophy wives
Nancy : without having to pay through the nose.