UNK: Role playing. Each ofyou take the other's point ofview.
Castle : This is a time-tested method of conflict resolution.
Ryan : I think that's a dumbass idea.
UNK: You haven't even tried it yet.
Ryan : Oh, no, I was being Espo.
Castle : Oh, that's good.
Castle : Even you have to admit, that was good Espo.
UNK: Only you didn't say, "Yo."
Lanie : Yo, I just got a hit on those prints.
Lanie : Guy's name is Anton Ford.
Lanie : In the system for felony assault.
UNK: Assault?
UNK: Jeepers, I hope he's not mean to me.
Esposito : I'm very sensitive.
UNK: Oh, I get it. Yeah, he's being me.
Ryan : Yeah, that's pretty funny.
Castle : He did nail the walk.
Ryan : Yeah, his physicality's pretty good.
Esposito : Yo, Cap. We've got an update on a suspect.
Lanie : Anton Ford.
Ryan : Not only are his prints all over the crime scene,
Ryan : but he had history with our vic, Scott McCoy.
Esposito : Scott's credit card makes him a regular
UNK: at a bar in Midtown, we checked.
UNK: The bouncer said that, two nights ago, Scott and Anton got into a full-on brawl.
Ryan : And that wasn't the first time that these two went at it.
Ryan : Last month, same bar.
Ryan : And in each instance, it was over a woman.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So Anton was a lover and a fighter.
Esposito : Yeah, but apparently, not very good at either.
Esposito : Both times, our victim kicked his ass and went home with the girl.
Beckett : Which means Anton could have been out for revenge.
Esposito : Yeah, unis are bringing him in now.
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Hey, how are my favorite crime solvers?
Beckett : Hey! what brings you here?
Hayley : Oh, you said that I could come back, retrieve that stolen painting, remember?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Uh, you know, you just have to go to the admin clerk on the second floor
UNK: to fill out some paperwork.
UNK: Thanks.
Hayley : Oh, and it's so nice to see that Rick's back working cases again.
UNK: Um, yeah. what makes you say that he's working cases?
UNK: Hmm?
UNK: The admin clerk, second floor. Thank you.
UNK: He is our buffer.
Beckett : - He's your buffer? - Get the hell off me!
Anton : Come on, take these cuffs off!
Esposito : And he's our suspect.
Anton : Get the hell off me! Get off!
UNK: Go on, take these cuffs off!
Anton : See how tough you are!
Anton : You think that badge makes you special?
Castle : - That's our suspect? - I ain't do nothing.
Castle : How does that mountain of a man get beaten up by our human-sized Scott?
UNK: Twice.
Beckett : - Hi, Castle. - Hey.
UNK: Hey, I'm not here about the case, I'm just, uh...
Therapist : - A buffer? - Yeah.
UNK: Yeah, they told me. Sort of.
Beckett : - So, what is this, for therapy? - Mmm-hmm.