Ryan : The Ledger just did a piece on her.
Ryan : The divorce attorney to the rich and shameless.
Beckett : You know, if she was the one that was hiring Scott,
UNK: she would know what his lastjob was.
Ryan : Well, yeah, but there's no way she's gonna talk to us without a warrant.
Esposito : Which we won't get.
UNK: Not unless we have something concrete to tie her to all this.
Beckett : You know, I'll call the riding DA in the morning.
Beckett : We'll brainstorm on how to get a warrant.
Beckett : - I'll see you guys. - AII right.
Esposito : We need to go at this another way.
Ryan : You know, maybe the way to find out about Scott's last seduction
Ryan : is with a seduction of our own.
UNK: Right.
Esposito : - I have no idea what you mean. - Okay.
Castle : So, let me get this straight.
Castle : You want me to see a divorce attorney.
Castle : Tomorrow. On my wedding anniversary.
Ryan : To pose as a client.
Ryan : No, no, no. I don't think so, Richard.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Does Katherine know about this?
UNK: Uh, no, no. And, uh, she is not going to.
UNK: Best to give her plausible deniability in case this thing goes sideways.
Castle : Although, I do love a good sting.
UNK: Alexis Castle : What would you need him to do?
Esposito : You know how lawyers keep a log of all the hours they spend on each client?
Alexis : Sure. They keep track of their time down to the minute,
Alexis : and of every expense incurred on each case.
Esposito : Just like hiring Scott.
Castle : So if I get a look at the last few days in this log book of Lindsey's,
UNK: we can figure out Scott's lastjob.
UNK: So, are you in?
UNK: Lindsey Trent : - Richard Castle. - Yes.
Lindsey : Lindsey Trent. Nice to meet you.
Castle : Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
Lindsey : Well, divorce is stressful enough,
Lindsey : finding a lawyer shouldn't be.
Lindsey : Now, let's go back to my office and we'll see how I can help you.
Lindsey : How was your drive? Did you hit much traffic on the way in?
Castle : - No, surprisingly, it was not bad at all. - He's going in.
Esposito : Figures Castle would own a pair of live-streaming glasses.
Ryan : - Actually, Beckett gave them to him. - Really?
Beckett : What about Beckett?
Beckett : And what are you guys doing in here?
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. How's that warrant coming?
Beckett : You know, unfortunately, the DA said that we don't have enough proofto, um...
Beckett : what are you watching?
UNK: Hmm? Oh...
Esposito : - It's porn. - Mmm.
UNK: You don't want it.