UNK: a psychosis or break with reality.
UNK: Dr. Cynthia Swann : Nor does he exhibit cognitive deficits
UNK: other than his inability to recall the last two months.
UNK: So is it possible that he underwent trauma
Beckett : and he's blocking it out?
Beckett : He may have,
UNK: Dr. Swann : although I didn't see any evidence of that.
Alexis : Maybe his memory will come back
Alexis : once he's had some time to readjust.
UNK: Dr. Swann : It very well might.
Martha : Then what he needs, maybe, is to get back to his life, his routine,
Martha : the people who love him.
Martha : Can't we just take him home?
UNK: Dr. Swann : You'll have to speak with his doctors.
UNK: Dr. Mclean : Of course, of course. Oh, thank you so much.
UNK: Doctor Swann.
Beckett : What do you think is really behind all of this?
UNK: Dr. Swann : What I do is not an exact science. I wish it were.
UNK: Dr. Swann : This could still be the result of emotional trauma.
UNK: Dr. Swann : There are also drugs and drug interactions
UNK: Dr. Swann : that can trigger memory loss. But...
Esposito : But what?
UNK: Dr. Swann : I can't exclude the possibility
UNK: Dr. Swann : that Mr. Castle simply walked away from his life,
UNK: Dr. Swann : for whatever reason.
UNK: Dr. Swann : And facing that fact is just too humiliating for him.
Beckett : So you think that he could be pretending not to remember?
UNK: Dr. Swann : As I said, it's a possibility.
Castle : To say I owe you an apology seems an understatement.
Beckett : I don't want an apology, Castle. I just wanna understand.
Castle : You know me, Kate. I wouldn't just leave.
Beckett : There's evidence.
Beckett : We found the place where you were staying.
UNK: Where? What difference does it make?
UNK: Because I wanna go there.
Castle : Maybe it'll help me remember.
Castle : Whatever happens, I need answers.
Castle : And so do you.
Ryan : I don't get it.
Ryan : How could Castle just leave and go camping?
Esposito : What happened to giving him the benefit of the doubt?
Ryan : Beckett asked me to have CSU take a look at the contents of the tent.
Ryan : Javi, you were right.
Ryan : Castle's fingerprints were all over the newspapers, all his stuff.