Connors : It's standard protocol to set up
UNK: a trap-and-trace in Mr. Castle's loft
UNK: in the event the kidnappers call.
Connors : We'll also monitor family cell phones.
Beckett : You sound like you don't expect those phones to ring.
Beckett : Agent Connors, do you know something that I don't?
Connors : I just keep coming back to
UNK: how much easier it would've been to grab Castle in the city.
Connors : Instead, they took him on Long Island,
Connors : just as he was about to get married.
Gates : To you.
Beckett : Do you think that this has something to do with me?
Connors : You and Mr. Castle worked a lot of cases together.
Connors : Could someone you went after have taken revenge?
Beckett : Yeah, a lot of people.
Connors : Okay, well, I'll start by taking a run at Gary Duffin.
Connors : You go through your case files,
Connors : come up with a list of potential suspects.
Connors : Keep me apprised of what you find.
Beckett : As long as you do the same.
Alexis : He'll come back.
Martha : Of course he will, darling.
Martha : Your father will be home before you know it.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : We'll find him.
Beckett : So, was Agent Connors able to get anything out of Duffin?
Esposito : Not a word, so he moved back to FBI HQ.
Esposito : Are those the perps you think might have made a move on Castle?
Beckett : Yeah. Starting with Senator Bracken.
Esposito : You think Bracken's behind this?
Beckett : Well, we've ruined his life and had him sent to prison.
Beckett : Taking Castle down on his way to our wedding
Beckett : would be just like him.
Beckett : Or like 3XK for that matter. Or Mickey Barbozza.
Beckett : Or any of the other dozens of people
Beckett : we've had put away over the past few years.
Beckett : I mean, it could be any of them. Or none of them.
UNK: Hey, we're gonna figure this out, okay?
Esposito : Kate, don't get lost in worst-case scenarios.
Esposito : When Alexis was taken, it tied back to Castle's dad.
Esposito : Maybe he's mixed up in this.
UNK: And if he is, he's gonna look out for his son.
UNK: Except this is shaping up to be more mob-related.
Beckett : What makes you say that?
Ryan : I ran Gary Duffin's cell records.
Ryan : Right before he crushed that SUV,
Ryan : he got a call from a Jersey mobster.
Esposito : That must be the guy who ordered Gary to squash that car,
Esposito : and why he's so scared to talk.
UNK: Who is this mobster?
Ryan : One Vincent Cardano.
UNK: Vinnie Cardano? I met him. Castle knows him.
Ryan : Was there ever a problem between them?
Beckett : Yeah. There was.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : No, there wasn't.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : Trust me, things are simpatico with me and Castle.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : Fact is, it pains my soul that Rick is missing.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : What can I do to help?
Beckett : I was there the night that you got angry with him and stormed out.
Cardano : He near accused me of murder. He impugned my integrity.
Cardano : But we made our peace ages ago over a nice bottle of Valpolicella.
Beckett : Then why did you call Gary Duffin earlier today?
Beckett : Was it to tell him to destroy a certain SUV?
UNK: What's an SUV got to do with this?
Beckett : It was involved in Castle's abduction.
Cardano : This I did not know.
Ryan : But you did have Gary crush that car?
Cardano : We're entering into a gray area here.
Beckett : You're an accessory to kidnapping.
Beckett : There's nothing gray about that.
Cardano : I'm telling you, Kate, I did not have Rick grabbed.
Beckett : Then stop playing games and tell me,
Beckett : why did you have the car crushed?
UNK: Vinnie, you said that you wanted to help him.
Beckett : This is your chance.