UNK: Normal. He was normal.
Esposito : Hey, Sergeant Taggert may have a witness.
Esposito : Guy runs a fruit stand up the road.
UNK: Cal Harper : Yeah, I definitely saw a Mercedes go by
UNK: Cal Harper : around the time you're talking.
UNK: Bronze-colored.
Esposito : That's Castle's car.
Beckett : What about any cars after that?
Cal : Let's see. There was a Volkswagen Bug, a Ferrari.
Cal : An SUV.
UNK: No one's gonna run him off the road with a Bug or a Ferrari.
Beckett : Talk to me about that SUV.
Cal : It was an Escalade.
Cal : Black with tinted windows and chrome wheels.
Esposito : How is it you happen to remember it so clearly?
Cal : Because I saw it twice.
Cal : Passed heading north, then he blew by again,
UNK: maybe 10 minutes later.
Beckett : They were headed south, off of Long Island, with Castle.
Taggert : I'll put out an APB on the Escalade.
UNK: I'm gonna call State Police, have them set up checkpoints
UNK: at every road leading off of Long Island.
UNK: Getting Castle off the island may not be the plan.
Ryan : The Feds just called.
Ryan : They were able to remotely activate
Ryan : Castle's phone for a few seconds.
Beckett : Did they get a location?
UNK: Yeah, he's still on the island.
Ryan : According to his GPS,
UNK: as of 10 minutes ago he was in Medford.
Beckett : How far is Medford from here?
Taggert : Not far the way I'm gonna drive.
UNK: It says Castle's GPS was about 100 feet into this junkyard.
UNK: State Police are 10 minutes out.
Taggert : They want you to wait for back-up.
Beckett : Not a chance in hell.
Ryan : It's right over there. Eighty-five feet and closing.
Esposito : Which way?
Ryan : Other side of this car carrier, I think.
UNK: Sixty feet now.
UNK: There. Black Escalade.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : That's ground zero for Castle's GPS.
Esposito : So he's in there.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Stop! Do not move!
UNK: Stop!
Esposito : On the ground! Don't move!
UNK: Freeze! On the ground now!
Beckett : What have you done?
Beckett : What have you done? Beckett, we got him!
Ryan : We got him. No!
Esposito : Beckett, stop! No!
Beckett : No! No!
Beckett : Gary Duffin. You're no stranger to rooms like this.
Beckett : This time it's different.
Beckett : This time your only option is to give me answers.
UNK: Gary Duffin : And what if I don't?
UNK: You were in the junkyard when that SUV came in.