Esposito : Yeah, but if he walked away, where is he?
Esposito : And why isn't he picking up?
Taggert : Maybe his phone's damaged, or he's disoriented.
Taggert : I've seen it before.
Taggert : But if he left this vehicle,
UNK: there's gonna be tracks or a blood trail.
Esposito : - Hello? - Hey, Javi.
Ryan : Walk to the back of Castle's car.
Esposito : What for? Just do it, okay?
Ryan : Check the passenger rear side. Tell me what you see.
Esposito : Looks like it took a hit on the right side. Busted a tail light.
UNK: That's 'cause Castle got bumped by
Ryan : another car and run off the road.
UNK: I got debris up here.
Esposito : All right, call local CSU.
Esposito : Maybe those pieces can help us ID that car.
UNK: Detective, I think I got something.
Taggert : Tracks going from the car up to the road.
Taggert : Water washed part of the trail,
Taggert : but it looks like three people.
Taggert : Three people? That can't be right.
Taggert : See the two troughs in the dirt? Yeah.
Taggert : Made by heels from a pair of shoes.
Esposito : So he was run off the road, then dragged from the car.
Esposito : Castle got grabbed.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Had Taggert set up road blocks to stop and search every vehicle.
Esposito : We figured that the car that ran Castle into the ditch
Esposito : may be the same car he's in now.
UNK: Okay, we get a description?
Esposito : Not yet, but CSU thinks the side marker glass up ahead
Esposito : came from a GM.
UNK: Local PD is canvassing to see
Esposito : if anyone saw any vehicles leaving the area.
Beckett : What about Castle's cell phone?
Esposito : His provider says it's shut off.
Ryan : Contacted the FBI to see if it can be turned on remotely.
UNK: It's a long shot, but you never know.
Beckett : What else?
Esposito : Kate, everything that can be done is being done.
Beckett : Espo, don't tell me that.
Beckett : They took him, I need to do something.
Esposito : Then tell us about that phone call you got.
Ryan : Was he nervous?
Ryan : Did he indicate in any way he was being followed?
Beckett : No. He was just...