Alexis : Don't worry about it. This place is gonna be so organized when I'm done,
Alexis : - you won't even recognize it. - I bet I won't.
Alexis : - Detective Beckett? - Huh?
Alexis : I know my dad can sometimes be a handful.
Alexis : And by sometimes, I mean all the time.
Alexis : But I wanna let you know you don't have to worry about me.
Alexis : I'm all about getting the job done.
UNK: Beckett. - Sir.
Castle : - Well? - Alexis? She's fine.
Castle : You know, her first day at preschool,
Castle : I hid outside in the bushes all day just to make sure she was all right.
Montgomery : First time my son went to summer camp,
Montgomery : I followed the bus all the way to the Adirondacks.
Beckett : You two are both either very sweet or very creepy.
Esposito : Super let us into Sam Parker's apartment.
Ryan : Jake Holland's apartment. - Same guy, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, just trying to keep it straight for everybody.
Esposito : Anyway, there were no signs of a struggle, and Sam's bag was...
Ryan : - Jake's bag. - Was still sitting by the door
Esposito : from when he came home from visiting his family in Connecticut.
Ryan : Which explains why we found the Sam Parker wallet on him
Ryan : when he was killed, as opposed to this one we found in his dresser.
Castle : Jake Holland's wallet.
Ryan : It's got his driver's license with his New York address,
Ryan : work ID, the whole shebang.
Castle : Please tell me that's the old double-sided picture frame gag.
Ryan : should they ever visit Daddy in the big city.
Esposito : Big news is we found this sitting on the kitchen counter.
Esposito : There's a voicemail you're gonna want to hear.
UNK: Somebody caught on to Sam's double life.
Ryan : We ran the number. Belongs to one Charles DePetro.
UNK: DePetro? That's his wife's maiden name.
Beckett : - It's hyphenated on her driver's license. Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : - Charlie is Helen's brother. - He found out what Sam was up to.
Castle : And decided to take out the trash.
Beckett : Mr. DePetro, I can understand the instinct of protection.
Castle : If I had a sister, and her husband was cheating on her,
Castle : - I'd want to set him straight, too. - That's not why I left the message.
Beckett : Did you know that Sam was cheating on Helen?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : Not until she called me last night and told me he'd been killed.
UNK: Then what did you mean when you said,
UNK: - "I won't let you get away with this"? - He owed me money.
Castle : So, Sam borrowed money from you?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : Twenty Gs. He needed it to cover the mortgage.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : They'd already borrowed against the equity in the house.
Beckett : - And what was the arrangement? - He said he needed a couple months.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : When he started the new job in the city,
UNK: Charlie Depetro : I figured he'd be making more dough.
Beckett : - Helen didn't know about this? - He didn't want her to worry.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : And as long as he paid me back, I said it'd be our secret.
Castle : - And did he pay any of it back? - Not a cent.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : He kept saying he was pulling in less money.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : I thought he was lying. Why take the job that far from home
UNK: Charlie Depetro : and force Helen to deal with the kids on her own?
UNK: Charlie Depetro : Comes out now, he wasn't doing it for his family.
UNK: Charlie Depetro : He wanted the freedom to cheat on my sister.
Ryan : Brother's alibi checked out.
Ryan : He was working late when SamlJake was shot.
Beckett : Any word on Parker's financials?
Ryan : Yeah, they were a paycheck away from defaulting on their mortgage.
Castle : You know, the brother said
Castle : that Sam was pulling in less money at his new job.
Castle : If Sam was strapped for cash,
Castle : why would he quit the job he had to take one that paid less?
Ryan : Didn't his wife say he was passed over for a promotion?
Ryan : Maybe it was a pride thing.
Castle : Yeah, but you factor in the sublet, not to mention gas,
Castle : that's a high price to pay for pride.
Beckett : Yeah, well, never underestimate the fragility of the male ego.
Ryan : - See, that's just a stereotype... - Don't. Don't. That's...
UNK: She is baiting us, all right.
Castle : Just ignore her, and she'll lose her witchy powers.
Beckett : You wish. All right, let's go off to Parker's office.