UNK: When he proposed, I told my best friend,
UNK: and she was all, "You've only known him six months."
UNK: But I didn't care. He was the one.
UNK: How could he do this?
UNK: Helen Parker : This is insane. Who is this woman? Sam would never...
UNK: Helen Parker : He loved me. Our kids meant everything to him.
Beckett : Apparently there was more to it than just the affair, Mrs. Parker.
Castle : Your husband was using a false name at his job.
UNK: Helen Parker : Well, I don't understand. Why would he do that?
Beckett : We're still trying to figure that out.
Beckett : But from what we understand, he met Miss Reed at his office.
UNK: Helen Parker : He started there about six months ago.
UNK: Helen Parker : He'd been passed over for a promotion at his old firm.
UNK: Helen Parker : There are not a lot of opportunities in green solutions,
UNK: Helen Parker : so he took the job, even though it was in the city.
UNK: Helen Parker : Green solutions, as in environmentally conscious?
UNK: Helen Parker : He did corporate consulting.
UNK: Helen Parker : How to reduce waste, save energy. It was a passion of his.
Castle : It's very commendable.
UNK: Helen Parker : Well, all that working and commuting were running him ragged,
UNK: Helen Parker : so he found a cheap sublet.
UNK: Helen Parker : It was hard, but if it all worked out,
UNK: Helen Parker : we were going to move down to the city so that we could all be together.
Beckett : Mrs. Parker, did you have any idea
Beckett : that your husband was having an affair?
UNK: Helen Parker : I know what you're thinking. Why didn't I notice the signs?
UNK: Helen Parker : We have two children together. We do not have a nanny,
UNK: Helen Parker : so every second of every minute of my day is about my kids.
UNK: Helen Parker : And if there was an issue, I'd call Sam on his cell phone,
UNK: Helen Parker : and he would always answer.
UNK: Helen Parker : I never, never thought I'd be sitting here justifying my marriage.
Castle : With the wife, it was "Only call my cell during the week" routine.
Castle : "I can't call you from the hospital" act.
Ryan : Man, my girlfriend freaks out if I don't check in, like, every hour.
Esposito : You do check in, like, every hour. Sometimes more.
Castle : This guy had both of these women believing
Castle : that they were his one and only.
Beckett : People believe what they want to believe.
Esposito : Till the dead truth sets in.
Castle : What, you think one of them caught on to what Sam was doing?
Ryan : And didn't take too kindly
Ryan : when they discovered they weren't the only woman in his life.
Castle : I don't know. They seemed pretty shocked to me.
Beckett : Yeah, to me, too, but we've gotta cover all of our bases.
Beckett : Both of them had soft alibis.
Beckett : The wife said that she was watching TV while the kids were upstairs sleeping.
Ryan : We'll run phone and financials, see if anything pops.
Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : - Could I run... - Right.
Beckett : Do you think he would've gone through with it?
Castle : Through with what?
Beckett : Marrying Sarah if he hadn't gotten killed.
Castle : Well, that was a pretty big rock he put on her finger.
Castle : With the fake identity he had set up, the county clerk's office
Castle : never would have flagged him for someone who was already married.
Beckett : Yeah, but Sam was pretending to be Jake before he met Sarah.
Beckett : - I don't understand the fake identity. - Maybe to land the job?
Beckett : I understand fibbing on your resume, but changing your identity?
Beckett : The math doesn't quite add up for me.
Castle : You know what math doesn't add up for me?
Castle : - Two wives. - One wife too many for you?
Castle : Two wives too many.
Beckett : Seems like the common denominator in that equation is you.
Castle : Good news.
Castle : I'm finally embracing the lecture you gave me
Castle : on the importance of organic food.
Alexis : You made my lunch?
Castle : You think I'm gonna let you risk your life
Castle : on the vending machines and stale donuts of the break...
Castle : - Wow. - What?
Castle : You look so grown up.
Martha : - Really? - Really.
Alexis : - Well, Gram said presentation is vital. - Well...
Alexis : I forgot my phone.
Castle : That ever happen to you with me?
Castle : One day you look, and you see your boy is all grown up?
Martha : I'm still waiting for that moment, actually.
Castle : I set you up for that, didn't I?
Beckett : Okay, so this is the property room. It's where we keep all the items
Beckett : that we find at a crime scene that aren't classified as evidence.
Alexis : - Sort of like a lost and found? - Sort of.
Alexis : Why don't the victims' families claim this stuff?
Beckett : Well, loved ones are aware of the big ticket items, like rings and watches.
Beckett : But things like sunglasses and lighters, those usually go unclaimed.
Alexis : Are these case numbers?
Beckett : Exactly, so the idea is to get rid of all of this stuff
Beckett : and stick it into storage.
Beckett : But before we do that, we have to catalog it,
Beckett : just in case someone comes in with a claim.
Alexis : Okay, so you need a description of every item
Alexis : along with its corresponding case number downloaded into the database.
Beckett : And I know that this isn't exactly what you were thinking of
Beckett : when you asked to volunteer,
Beckett : but we're low on manpower, and this would be very helpful.