Castle : Lose something?
Beckett : Where... Where's my broom?
Castle : - I was looking. - Yeah.
UNK: Yeah?
Ryan : For the record, I did not.
Castle : I don't know. Maybe I should've seen it.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : His resume was almost too good to be true.
UNK: Top of his class at Berkeley, Stanford Business School.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : He must've really needed this job to lie so bad.
Castle : So, there's no other reason you can think of as to why he lied?
Alexis : - No. - When you hired him,
Beckett : did you look into any of his references?
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Of course I did, Detective. I called them all myself.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : And I got nothing but glowing recommendations.
Castle : For a guy who didn't exist.
Beckett : I'd like to take a look at a copy of his resume, if you still have it.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I'll have human resources e-mail it over to you.
Beckett : Before we go, did you know
Beckett : that Mr. Parker was romantically involved with one of your employees?
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Sarah, yeah, she's one of my best engineers.
Castle : Ever notice any drama there?
Castle : Drunken fighting at an office party, that sort of thing?
UNK: Lance Carlberg : No. Never. They actually seemed like a pretty solid couple.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : And she must be going through hell right now.
Beckett : That's the last one.
Esposito : Every single reference he gave is suddenly out of service?
Ryan : When, according to his boss, they were all up and running six months ago?
Castle : So who was answering the dummy lines?
Beckett : Let's get a warrant for all these numbers.
Beckett : I'd like to know who they were registered to.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : This guy went to some pretty serious lengths to get this job.
Castle : They must have amazing dental.
UNK: Ew.
Castle : I don't know where you got this work ethic,
Castle : but it certainly was not from me.
UNK: - How's it going? - Pretty good.
Alexis : The computer was a little glitchy at first,
Alexis : but that's because no one had run a software update in, like, two years.
Alexis : Plus it picked up some viruses I had to zap.
Beckett : I am realizing that you are way over-qualified for this job.
Castle : Told you she was a smarty.
Alexis : But I do have one question. Like you said before,
Alexis : most of the items here are pretty junky and meaningless.
Alexis : I did find this, though.
Castle : Oh! It's a brag book. So you can brag about your kids.
Castle : I used to have one in my wallet. Now, it's on my phone.
Alexis : Some of the pictures are really old. Like, they're one of a kind.
Alexis : It seems like something worth returning,
Alexis : only it wasn't tagged or anything.
Beckett : Yeah, but the problem is, is without a case number,
Beckett : it's difficult to find out who the victim was
Beckett : and how to get this back to the family.
Alexis : Okay, so then it just goes in the storage box, right?
Beckett : I'll tell you what.
Beckett : I'll give you a list of all the detectives who possibly worked this case.
Beckett : Show them the pictures, maybe it'll strike up a memory.
Castle : Only, don't bother them if they seem busy.
Beckett : - You're one to talk. - Thanks so much.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Excuse me. Beckett.
Castle : - Hmm. What's this? - Dad.
UNK: Okay. I'll be right there.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I knew she looked familiar at the morgue,
UNK: Sarah Reed : - but I couldn't place it at first. - So, you're saying that last night
Beckett : wasn't the first time you had seen Helen Parker?
UNK: Sarah Reed : Well, there was something about her face. And then it hit me.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I had seen her in front of Jake's apartment a couple weeks ago.
Castle : Was she leaving the building?
UNK: Sarah Reed : No. She was sitting in her car across the street.
Beckett : - And you're sure it was Helen Parker? - I'm sure of it now.
Castle : A positive identification from all the way across the street in a car?
UNK: Sarah Reed : I made a note of it because the way she was staring at me was creepy.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Like she was sizing me up.
Beckett : Miss Reed, the past 24 hours have been overwhelming, to say the least.
Castle : It's not uncommon
Castle : for witnesses' memories to be confused after a traumatic event.
Beckett : - We just need to be absolutely sure. - Look, I know what I saw.
UNK: Sarah Reed : She was sitting in a silver hybrid staring at the front of the building.
UNK: Sarah Reed : No. At the time, I just dismissed it. But now...
UNK: Sarah Reed : It makes me wonder if I'm the only person in the whole situation
UNK: Sarah Reed : who didn't know what was really going on.