Castle : I know Alexis already talked to you.
Castle : I just wanted to make sure that you're really okay with having her here.
Beckett : I wouldn't have said yes if I wasn't.
Castle : Well, yeah, but you're busy, and I just don't want her to be in the way.
Beckett : Big Castle is the one who likes to get in the way.
Beckett : I'm sure Little Castle will be a pleasure.
Esposito : Sam Parker, age 38.
Esposito : Lives in Connecticut with his wife Helen and his two kids.
Ryan : Wife's en route to the morgue to ID the body.
Esposito : We contacted the leasing office,
Esposito : and they don't have a Sam Parker listed as a tenant.
Beckett : So, he probably was visiting someone.
Ryan : Uniforms are canvassing. No hits yet.
Ryan : CSU's working to untangle the prints,
Ryan : but since it's a common room, there's probably dozens of them.
Ryan : However, the chute handle, doorknob, and soda bottle were all wiped clean.
UNK: All right, let's go visit the wife at the morgue.
Beckett : Maybe she can tell us what he was doing in the city tonight.
Castle : And if she doesn't know, that tells us something, too.
Castle : Can you...
UNK: Fresh.
Ryan : - And hot, and hot, and hot. - He doesn't make me coffee.
Castle : - You okay? - This is never easy,
Beckett : no matter how much experience you have.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Oh, my God.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. I'm with the NYPD.
Beckett : - I'm very sorry for your loss. - Do you have any idea who did this?
Beckett : We are doing everything we can to figure that out.
Beckett : Excuse me, we're in the middle of an identification.
UNK: Morgue Assistant : - That's why she's here. - And you are?
UNK: Helen Parker : I'm here to identify my husband.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Oh, my God.
Beckett : Excuse me? Your husband?
UNK: Dude, you are so busted.
UNK: I don't know how to get the two of them out of here.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I'm just...
Montgomery : Is that our vic's wife?
Montgomery : Come again?
Esposito : - Wife. - Hmm.
Montgomery : - Oh, boy. - I know, isn't it delicious?
Castle : Okay, who do we talk to first?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : I know this is difficult, Miss Reed,
Beckett : but if we could ask you a few questions...
Beckett : How long did you know Mr. Parker?
Beckett : - Parker? - Sam.
UNK: Sarah Reed : His name's Jake. Jake Holland.
UNK: Hmm...
UNK: According to his driver's license, it's Sam Parker.
UNK: Sarah Reed : It was all a lie? Even his name?
Beckett : - Where did the two of you meet? - At work.
UNK: Sarah Reed : A girlfriend of mine said that there was this great guy in her department,
UNK: Sarah Reed : - and did I want to meet him. - And when did you two last speak?
UNK: Sarah Reed : This afternoon. He called to say he was on his way back to the city.
UNK: Sarah Reed : His father is in the hospital upstate.
UNK: Sarah Reed : He has late stage Alzheimer's, and Jake would drive up to see him every...
UNK: Sarah Reed : I'm so stupid.
UNK: Sarah Reed : He was spending the weekends with his wife.
Beckett : So, you were intending to see him tonight?
UNK: Sarah Reed : We were going to get takeout and watch a movie.
UNK: Sarah Reed : A neighbor stopped me in the hallway
UNK: Sarah Reed : and told me that the police had been there.
UNK: Sarah Reed : But when I called, nobody could tell me anything.
UNK: Sarah Reed : - I guess now I know why. - Because we ID'd him as Sam Parker.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Somebody at the morgue confirmed
UNK: Sarah Reed : that a body had been picked up at his address,
UNK: Sarah Reed : so I went down there.