UNK: Sarah Reed : - She wouldn't give me back my pen. - Your pen?
UNK: Sarah Reed : My grandfather's fountain pen. I gave it to Jake.
UNK: Helen Parker : Sam, his name was Sam!
UNK: Sarah Reed : I gave it to him before I knew he was a lying sack.
UNK: Sarah Reed : - And she wouldn't give it back to me. - I looked for it in the office.
UNK: Helen Parker : There was nothing there. I have no idea what she's talking about.
UNK: Really? Well, then what do you call this?
Castle : - That was in the office? - Yes, it was right there in the drawer.
UNK: Sarah Reed : How she could have missed it, I don't know.
UNK: Sarah Reed : Unless of course, she was lying and never bothered to look.
Beckett : Miss Reed, I understand how you're feeling,
Beckett : - but breaking into someone's home... - No, this is my grandfather's pen.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I never would've given it to Jake if I had known.
Castle : Ladies, I'm wondering if maybe we can put this whole nasty episode behind us.
UNK: Helen Parker : She broke into my house. God knows what else she stole.
Beckett : Do you mind if I take a look at the purse?
UNK: Sarah Reed : Not at all.
UNK: Happy now?
UNK: Is everyone okay? Can we all just walk away?
UNK: Helen Parker : If I ever catch your face around here...
UNK: Sarah Reed : For crying out loud, give it a rest. No wonder the guy had an ulcer.
UNK: Sarah Reed : I would, too, if I was married to you.
UNK: Helen Parker : An ulcer? What are you talking about, you crazy lunatic?
UNK: Sarah Reed : - Do not call me crazy... - Look! Look! Hello! Ladies, look!
Beckett : I understand that you're both angry and feeling betrayed,
Beckett : but taking it out on each other isn't going to help.
Beckett : So, you can both press charges and make a bad thing worse.
Beckett : Or you can calm down and walk away.
Beckett : Option number two is a limited time offer.
Alexis : - Love you. - See you.
Castle : Please tell me you did not sleep in the break room again.
Beckett : I went home.
Beckett : I just couldn't stop thinking about that catfight last night.
Castle : Would you think less of me if I said, "Me, too"?
Beckett : I kept thinking that, that was a long way for Sarah to go just to pick up that pen.
Beckett : And that whole thing with the ulcers was...
UNK: the way Sarah just rubbed Helen's face in it.
Beckett : The thing is, there was nothing about an ulcer in Lanie's autopsy report.
Beckett : - Sam had a clean bill of health. - Then what was Sarah talking about?
Beckett : The boys are looking into it right now.
Beckett : But according to Sam's date book,
Beckett : he had doctor's appointments every Tuesday for the last three weeks.
Castle : Well, if he was being a hypochondriac about it,
Castle : they would've told him right away he didn't have an ulcer.
Beckett : So, what was he doing every Tuesday at 1 : 00 p. M?
Castle : Another woman?
Esposito : So, the doctor's office has no patient records
Esposito : for Sam Parker or Jake Holland.
Ryan : Car service Sam was using confirmed
Ryan : that he gave the doctor's office as his destination
Ryan : when he was scheduling the cars. Thanks, Louise.
Ryan : But I talked to the drivers.
Ryan : Sam changed the destination once they picked him up.
Ryan : First week, he headed out to this residential address out in Long Island.
Ryan : The next week he drove out
Ryan : to New York Recycle's processing plant up in Paramus.
Ryan : And then, last week, he hit the port out in Newark.
Esposito : Sam wouldn't have wanted Sarah to get onto his 007 routine,
Esposito : so maybe he was slipping away to do his spying.
Beckett : - At some house in Long Island? - So, another woman?
Beckett : She and Sam were taking long romantic walks at Port Newark.
Castle : Why you gotta ruin the dream?
Beckett : Listen, Sam was changing his destination last minute
Beckett : with the car service because he was trying to hide something.
Beckett : So, let's look in the addresses
Beckett : and see why he felt the need to give Sarah a cover story.
UNK: State law requires a 10-minute break every five hours.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. I needed this.
Castle : So, how goes your property room sleuthing?
Alexis : Not amazing.
Castle : Oh, no. What happened to that list of detectives Beckett gave you?
Alexis : I just hit my last dead end.
Castle : Well, what's important is, is that you tried.