Beckett : Two relationships.
Beckett : Can you imagine the stress of trying to pull that off?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : From a literary point of view.
Beckett : - Hey, what'd you guys find? - Well, we canvassed using a picture.
Ryan : We came up with a longshoreman in Port Newark who remembered Sam.
Ryan : Apparently, he'd been asking about shipping manifests.
Castle : Sounds random.
Esposito : The longshoreman couldn't help him, so Sam moved on.
Beckett : What about the address from the first Tuesday?
Ryan : Here is where it gets good.
Ryan : The Long Island address is the residence of a single mother,
UNK: Lauren Branston, and her 6-year-old daughter.
Castle : I told you. It was another woman!
Castle : Our love triangle just became a love square.
Ryan : Nope. Still a triangle. Different name. But that's...
UNK: Well, it looks like Sam wasn't the only one hiding his identity.
Beckett : The engagement, the relationship. We know they were all fake.
Beckett : Love is a hard thing to disprove, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : This is a copy of your real driver's license,
Beckett : and this is your Social Security card.
Beckett : And this is the employment record from New York Recycle
Beckett : under an assumed identity.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : - Nothing like a fresh start. - We did a little digging.
Castle : Turns out, New York Recycle isn't the first company you've worked for
Castle : under a new identity.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : - A girl's gotta make a living. - Here's what I'm thinking.
Beckett : Lance Carlberg figured out that Sam was a spy.
Beckett : He contacted you, an expert in corporate espionage,
Beckett : - and asked you to intercept him. - I was just doing my job.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : Leading a man on isn't a crime, is it, Detective?
Beckett : Should be.
Beckett : I'm not looking into the leading-on part. I'm looking into a murder.
Beckett : And you had access to Sam's apartment.
Beckett : - And you were hired to take care of him. - I was hired to get in his way.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : It was supposed to look like I had access to classified information,
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : so when I struck up a flirtation,
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : he thought the relationship would give him the access he needed.
Beckett : Once you had the relationship, what was the plan?
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : I just had to leave my laptop lying around his apartment once or twice.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : My key card ended up in his laundry one weekend.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : Men think they're smart. The trick is to keep letting them think it.
UNK: Um...
Beckett : So, what was on the computer?
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : Lance was feeding Sam these partial chemical formulas.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : He thought it would keep Connecticut Solutions going in circles.
Castle : - Why not just fire him? - Why not kill two birds with one stone?
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : Keep the enemy close and run Connecticut into the ground.
Castle : And what makes you think that Sam was falling for your routine?
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : Well, I wondered at first, because he wouldn't sleep with me.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : And then I realized that he was being faithful to his wife,
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : so I pretended to buy his whole "I'm old-fashioned" thing.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : He thought he was playing me.
Beckett : He was. This is Sam's autopsy report.
Castle : - Sam didn't have an ulcer. - He was seeing a doctor for it.
Castle : No. That was just a story. He made you.
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : No way. I would've been able to tell.
Castle : but Sam found your house in Long Island.
Castle : He knew you were more than just a flirty engineer.
Beckett : He played along not to arouse suspicion,
Beckett : but I think you already knew that.
Beckett : You knew that he made you, and that he found the secret method.
Beckett : And that's why you killed him.
UNK: but there's one problem.
Ryan : The night Sam was killed, I was at my daughter's recital,
UNK: Laura Branston sarah Reed : and there's about 20 other parents that can vouch for that.
Castle : I like her,
Castle : for the murder.
Castle : See that crazy look in her eye? That's crazy killer look.
Esposito : Yo. Sarah's alibi checks out.
Esposito : Dance teacher puts her in the front row at the time of the murder.
Castle : She's still got crazy eyes.
Beckett : He never loved her, she never loved him,
Beckett : and they both thought that they were playing each other.
Ryan : Which still doesn't explain who killed him.
Beckett : We're missing something.
Castle : The pen. If Sarah's relationship with Sam was a fake...
Beckett : Then why did she give him her grandfather's special pen?
Castle : And what was Sarah really looking for in Sam's office last night?
Beckett : Nothing. This doesn't make any sense. We went through Sarah's purse.
Beckett : If there was something in it, we would have found it.
Beckett : - Castle, what are you doing? - I'm writing a scene.