UNK: Sarah Reed : Silver hybrid.
Castle : I guess Helen did know about her husband's affair.
Beckett : That'd be a pretty strong motive.
UNK: Helen Parker : You came all this way because she told you some crazy story
UNK: Helen Parker : about me being parked outside the apartment.
Beckett : Mrs. Parker, we have to take every lead seriously.
UNK: Helen Parker : Did you ever think that maybe she made this up
UNK: Helen Parker : to take the attention off of herself?
Castle : - She was specific about your car. - A silver hybrid?
UNK: Helen Parker : That's like saying somebody was wearing black shoes.
Beckett : That still doesn't answer the question.
UNK: No.
UNK: Helen Parker : In the six months Sam had the apartment,
UNK: Helen Parker : I never went there.
Castle : You never popped down just once for a date night?
Alexis : I mean, Connecticut's not that far a drive.
UNK: Helen Parker : Well, when you have two children under the age of 10,
UNK: Helen Parker : popping down for date night midweek is nearly impossible.
UNK: Helen Parker : Sam only came home every weekend, and I would see him then.
Beckett : Okay. Well, we just needed to check.
Beckett : It's possible that Miss Reed was mistaken.
UNK: Helen Parker : Did it ever occur to you
UNK: Helen Parker : that maybe she was the one that knew he was lying?
Beckett : We're considering every scenario.
UNK: Helen Parker : We got a lot of hang-ups last month. Do you think that's a coincidence?
Beckett : Did you tell Sam about it?
UNK: Helen Parker : I did. He said it was telemarketers, but it was her.
Beckett : How can you be sure?
UNK: I know she has our phone number. She's called since Sam was killed.
Castle : Sarah called you?
UNK: Helen Parker : She called about the funeral details. Can you believe that?
UNK: Helen Parker : If she thinks she's gonna show her face here, she's sadly mistaken.
Beckett : Was that the only time you heard from Sarah?
UNK: No. She called this morning and left some ridiculous message
UNK: Helen Parker : about getting things back from Sam that she had given him.
UNK: Helen Parker : And then, on and on about some pen that had been her grandfather's...
UNK: Helen Parker : We were married for 10 years and eight months.
UNK: Helen Parker : If she thinks that her six-month affair can hold a candle to that...
UNK: Helen Parker : I'm not giving her anything.
Castle : That was a long drive. I can see why he got the apartment in the city.
Esposito : So, I did some background on Parker's job situation.
Esposito : Turns out that his old employer, Connecticut Solutions,
Esposito : has been circling the drain.
Esposito : Over the last couple of years,
Esposito : they've lost half their market share to his new employer, New York Recycle.
Beckett : Sounds like Sam was abandoning a sinking ship.
Castle : To join the winning team.
Esposito : Supposedly, New York Recycle came up with some new technology
Esposito : that turned out to be a game changer.
Esposito : Apparently, these two CEOs have been major rivals from day one.
Castle : Like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs, Kobe and LeBron, Jolie and Aniston.
Beckett : We get the picture. Rivals.
Castle : Yes. My point was maybe that's why Sam faked his resume.
Castle : He didn't think that New York Recycle would hire him
Castle : if they knew he was from Connecticut Solutions.
Beckett : - Well, that makes sense. - Thank you.
UNK: You're kidding me!
UNK: Thank you. You've been very helpful.
UNK: Hey, the warrants just came through on the numbers on Sam's resume.
UNK: His references' phone numbers,
UNK: they're all billed and registered to Connecticut Solutions, his old firm.
Beckett : Okay, why would they set up dummy phone lines
Beckett : and give phony recommendations?
Castle : - They wanted Sam to get hired. - He wasn't passed over for promotion.
Beckett : He was planted at New York Recycle as a corporate spy.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I'm sorry. I'm just trying to get my head around this idea.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I mean, this is the guy
UNK: Lance Carlberg : who organized the potato sack race at the Labor Day picnic.
Beckett : Well, there's considerable circumstantial evidence
Beckett : that he was planted here by his former employer.
Beckett : We just don't have the proof yet.
UNK: Obviously, no one wants to get to the bottom of this more than I do,
UNK: Lance Carlberg : so you'll have our complete cooperation.
Castle : What do you think Connecticut Solutions was after?
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Well, it's our battery recycling technology.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : I'm sure you both know you're not supposed to dump
UNK: Lance Carlberg : your batteries in with your trash.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Now batteries need to be disposed of properly,
UNK: Lance Carlberg : or else the acids and the heavy metals will leach out...
Castle : - And get into the water table. - Exactly, yes.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : The problem is, storing battery sludge can be quite expensive.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : But we've figured out a way to actually recycle the stuff.
Castle : So when you bid on a contract to haul away old batteries,
Castle : you can do it cheaper.
Beckett : Which is why Connecticut Solutions lost half of its market share to you.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Bottom line is they can't compete.
Castle : Was Sarah Reed on the team of engineers
Castle : - that developed that technology? - Yeah. That's right.
Castle : That's probably why Sam Parker went out of his way to romance her.
Castle : For access. It's pretty smart.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Pardon me, but don't you mean despicable?
Castle : The two aren't mutually exclusive.
Beckett : Would you mind if our forensic IT team
Beckett : took a look at Sarah's computer
UNK: and Sam's, Jake's, as well?
Beckett : They should be able to tell us whether your security was compromised,
UNK: and whether he got ahold of anything proprietary.
UNK: Lance Carlberg : Anything we can do to help.
UNK: Okay, thanks.
UNK: Forensic IT's taken possession of Sarah and Sam's computers.
Castle : You know, there's a lot of corporate secrets