UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Vic's an African-American male, early 20s.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Multiple stab wounds. Contusions on the arms and torso.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Body was discovered by a homeless guy.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : He was beaten, maybe tortured.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Looks like some kind of ritualistic killing.
Beckett : You think? Hello?
Castle : - Hmm? - You okay?
Castle : I had sex with my ex-wife this morning.
UNK: My first ex-wife, Meredith, Alexis' mom.
Castle : And she's thinking about moving back to New York.
Castle : Do you know what that would mean to me?
Castle : That would be a very special brand of hell.
Castle : The hell of a deep-fried Twinkie.
Castle : - A deep-fried Twinkie? - Yeah.
Castle : The guilty pleasure that you know is bad for you,
Castle : so you only do it once, maybe twice a year for the novelty.
Castle : But a deep-fried Twinkie every day is...
UNK: Castle.
Castle : - What? - Crime scene.
UNK: Dead body. A little respect here.
Castle : I don't think he can hear me.
UNK: Okay, how about a little self-respect, then?
UNK: Fine.
Castle : Check in his mouth. There's probably a little pouch in there.
Beckett : - How did you know? - Open it.
Esposito : What does it mean?
UNK: - It's vodun. Vodun?
Ryan : No, dude, it's a religion practiced primarily in West Africa.
Ryan : What? I read, too.
Castle : The blood in the bowl? Most likely animal.
Castle : Part of the ceremony.
Castle : The pouch is an offering to the spirits, but I don't recognize the symbol.
UNK: Well, if you did, you'd be a suspect.
Esposito : So how do you know about all this?
Castle : Research for my sixth Derrick Storm novel.
UNK: And vodun's not just limited to West Africa. It's also practiced by
Castle : Haitian and Dominican communities right here in New York.
Beckett : Have CSU run the pouch. Have an ME test the blood.
Beckett : And let's get his fingerprints in the system, see if there's an ID.
UNK: This ritual, I assume that it was done for a specific purpose?
Esposito : That's only if you're assuming that the guy doing this was rational.
Castle : No, no. She's right.
Castle : It might not make sense to you or me, but if we found out why he did this,
Castle : we might find your killer.
UNK: Yeah, that's kind of how we do it.