Jill : Oh, God. You mean, this is what...
Jill : Who would do something like this?
Ryan : I spoke to Jill Button, Darcy's BFF.
UNK: She says she's pretty familiar with all of Darcy's friends and clients,
Ryan : but she's never seen the vic before.
UNK: The law firm does some corporate stuff, some immigration work,
UNK: but there's nothing to indicate any involvement in something like this.
Montgomery : So our first victim gets killed in a religious ritual,
Montgomery : and then history repeats itself with this lawyer the very same day.
Castle : There's a lawyer joke there somewhere. I just can't think of it.
UNK: And then the killer tosses the woman's apartment, looking for what?
Montgomery : Money, drugs? What?
Ryan : As far as we could tell, Darcy was clean.
Esposito : Yo, we got a hit on the first victim's prints. INS database.
UNK: - Jamal Buonsi? - Nigerian national.
Esposito : Entered the US on a student visa 18 months ago.
Esposito : Was enrolled at NYU as an exchange student.
Beckett : - His visa expired a year ago. - Yeah.
Castle : - Looks like he decided to stay. - Lucky him.
Montgomery : Any word on his last-known whereabouts?
UNK: Yeah, I was able to track down the family
UNK: that he lived with when he was a student.
Esposito : Last time they saw him, he was in a cab on his way to Kennedy.
Beckett : I take it that's not the end of the story.
Esposito : Turns out that Jamal and their 13-year-old son were pretty close.
UNK: A couple months ago, the folks discovered that they were still in touch.
Esposito : Jamal's cell phone number.
Esposito : Billed to an address on East Third.
Castle : That's just a few blocks from where Jamal's body was found.
UNK: East Third's right near Darcy Cho's law firm.
Montgomery : And you said Darcy Cho's firm did some work on immigration?
UNK: Yeah.
Montgomery : You and Esposito take a ride down there.
Montgomery : I want you to look at Darcy Cho's client list.
UNK: Maybe Jamal was using another name.
Beckett : We'll get a warrant for the billing address.
Montgomery : Find out what this guy wants before the son of a bitch kills again, all right?
UNK: Yes, sir.
Castle : I wasn't expecting a doorman building.
Castle : But a six-story walk-up?