Beckett : Do you still have the research?
Castle : As a matter of fact, I do.
UNK: "The purpose of their rituals was to
UNK: "make contact with the spirits and the spirit world,
UNK: "to gain their favor through sacrifice.
UNK: "Storm was pretty sure he'd sacrifice anything
UNK: "when he saw the amulet swaying rhythmically back and forth
UNK: "between the woman's bare, glistening breasts. "
UNK: You dragged me in here so that you could read from your own book.
Castle : Hey, there's a lot of good stuff in here, and some of it is factual.
Castle : - Where are you going? - I have a murder to solve.
Castle : I thought that's what we were doing.
UNK: Okay, I... I am just kidding. I do have another source.
UNK: And you call your ex-wife "a deep-fried Twinkie. "
Castle : Oh, trust me. As annoying and intrusive as you think I am,
Castle : she's a million times worse.
Beckett : What about Alexis? Maybe she misses her mom.
Beckett : Maybe it would be a good idea to have her back in town.
Castle : Yeah, right.
Castle : This once, when Alexis was nine,
Castle : Meredith dropped by to take her out to lunch.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : - So? - In Paris.
Castle : Paris! And then she acted like there was nothing wrong.
UNK: She's Auntie Mame on meth.
UNK: If she's so bad, then why'd you sleep with her this morning?
Castle : Let me tell you something about crazy people. The sex is unbelievable.
Beckett : - How shallow are you? - Very.
Beckett : You know, I don't have time for this.
Michelle : Someone order lunch?
Castle : Detective Beckett, meet my other source.
UNK: The symbol's a veve,
Michelle : a representation of one who can open crossroads into the spirit world.
Castle : Michelle taught me everything I know about vodun.
Michelle : Which, obviously, isn't much.
Michelle : That scene with the topless girl and the chicken blood, what was that?
Castle : I took a few liberties.
Michelle : You know, from the design, I'd say this isn't Haitian,
Michelle : Jamaican or Dominican. This is hardcore Nigerian.
Beckett : What about this charm?
Michelle : The charm's an offering to a vodun saint, or loa.
Michelle : In this case, it's Ogun.
UNK: He's usually called upon to help find something that's been lost.
Castle : - So our killer's looking for something. - Something the victim once possessed.
Beckett : Maybe that's why he was tortured.
Beckett : Could the kind of ceremony indicate what the killer was looking for?
Michelle : Unfortunately, no.
Beckett : How do you know so much about this?
Michelle : Because I practice.
Michelle : My junior year, I spent abroad in Nigeria.
Michelle : Fell in love with the religion, the cuisine.
Castle : Michelle owns the best Nigerian restaurant in the city.
Beckett : It's funny, I never would have pegged you for the occult type.
Michelle : Occult is in the eye of the beholder, Detective.
UNK: As bizarre as vodun may seem to you,
Michelle : I assure you, the beliefs of Western religions
Michelle : seem just as strange to outsiders.
Michelle : How do you like the cow's foot stew?
Beckett : Cow's foot? You said it was beef.
Castle : Technically, cow is beef. Besides, you liked it.
Beckett : So, this murder, is that a part of the ceremony as well?
UNK: No. Vodun is a peaceful, deeply spiritual religion