Alex : Dude, sorry.
UNK: Uh, Cristina?
UNK: Do you? Do you think?
George : Does Meredith think I'm gay?
Cristina : Are you?
Bailey : - No. - Really?
UNK: [Izzie] Hey, I found this on our John Doe.
Izzie : It's a hotel key card.
UNK: The police are going to send someone over, figure out
UNK: what hotel he was staying at, get his ID from there.
Woman : - I'll make sure the police get it. - It's really important.
Izzie : We only have a few hours before we have to declare him,
Izzie : and I'd really like to find his family.
Woman : You want their permission for organ donation?
UNK: I just... really want to find them.
George : You have a potential donor?
George : What's his blood type?
Cristina : Uh, O-neg.
UNK: [Breathing apparatus hissing]
UNK: [Monitor beeping]
Bailey : OK.
Izzie : I know you probably can't hear me,
Izzie : and you're feeling this big push to go towards the light,
UNK: where everything's all halos
Izzie : and all-you-can-eat buffets and stuff.
Izzie : And, I mean, sharing your organs is really great and all.
Izzie : But I think you have a family.
Izzie : I can feel it.
UNK: So I think it'd be really great
UNK: if you could do me a favor, and... get better.
Izzie : Just...
UNK: Meredith VO : ...live.
UNK: So, you think you can give that a shot for me?
UNK: [Monitor beeping rapidly]
UNK: [Monitor beeping rapidly]
Izzie : Oh, no.
Izzie : Meredith!
UNK: - Meredith. He's crashing. - What?
UNK: What are you doing? Call a code!
Izzie : I can't, I'm not supposed to. He's brain-dead.
UNK: If he's brain-dead, you have to let him go.
Izzie : No. It's only been five hours and 33 minutes.
Izzie : He's supposed to get six hours.
Meredith : We can't do anything. It's not our place to make that call.
Izzie : He's a person. We're doctors.
Izzie : We should have every right to make that call.
Izzie : We can't just stand here and do nothing while he dies.
Izzie : He has a right to the next 27 minutes.
Meredith : Screw it.
Meredith : I'll get the dopamine. You get the blood. We'll transfuse him.
UNK: [George] Do you feel any pain here?
Bailey : No.
Mackie : You know, you really do have...
Mackie : ...beautiful eyelashes.
George : Um... Thank you. Uh, what about here?
Mackie : No. And nice eyes.