Meredith : Seriously, do you actually think you have a shot here?
UNK: I'd like to think I've got a shot anywhere.
UNK: - Hmm. - Hmm.
Meredith : Look, you really have to let me take you for some tests.
Meredith : You could have internal bleeding.
Viper : No, thank you, I've got a race to get back to.
Meredith : Why? You can't win now, anyway.
Viper : Doesn't mean I can't cross that finish line.
Viper : There's a party at the finish line.
Viper : Do you want to meet me there?
Meredith : One test. A CT. I'll have you out of here in an hour.
UNK: I can't do it. Got to go.
UNK: [Groaning]
UNK: Well, you realize you're leaving against medical advice,
UNK: and that I strongly urge you to stay.
Viper : The frat guy said I could go.
Meredith : The frat guy is an ass.
UNK: OK, well, you have to sign an AMA form.
UNK: Darling, I will do anything you want me to.
Meredith : What is it with you guys
Meredith : and your need to dirty everything up?
George : I don't know. Maybe it's just testosterone, eh?
George : Maybe.
Meredith : You might want to see a doctor about that too.
Viper : Come here.
UNK: [Grunting]
UNK: [Sighing]
Viper : That was for good luck.
Viper : Don't worry, darling, you'll see me again.
Meredith : For your sake, I hope not.
UNK: [Door closing]
UNK: [Sighing]
Meredith : What do you want?
Derek : You make out with patients now?
Meredith : What, are you jealous?
Derek : I don't get jealous.
UNK: - We had sex, once. - And we kissed in an elevator.
Meredith : And we kissed in an elevator, once.
UNK: - No, seriously. Go out with me. - No.
Derek : You know, I almost died today. Yeah, I came, like, this close.
UNK: How would you feel if I died and you didn't get a chance to go out with me?
Meredith : - Get over yourself, already. - Come on.
Meredith : - It's the chase, isn't it? - What?
Meredith : The thrill of the chase.
Meredith : I've been wondering to myself,
UNK: "Why are you so hell-bent on getting me to go out with you?"
Meredith : You know you're my boss, you know it's against the rules,
Meredith : you know I keep saying no. It's the chase.
Derek : Well, it's fun, isn't it?
Meredith : You see? This is a game to you.
Meredith : But not to me.
Meredith : Because, unlike you, I still have something to prove.
UNK: [Bailey] I know you see me resecting this bowel.
Bailey : Do I strike you as someone who enjoys multitasking?
Cristina : We have a John Doe. In three hours, we have to declare him.
Cristina : - We want to harvest his organs. - Why are you wasting time?
Bailey : You know how many patients we have downstairs.
UNK: If he dies, and he could still live,
Izzie : his death should mean something.
Bailey : And you want a harvest surgery.
Cristina : - I want to save lives. - [Bailey scoffs]
UNK: OK, I want a harvest surgery.
Bailey : Getting organs from a John Doe is a long shot.
Bailey : Without ID, you can't contact the family.
Bailey : Without the family, you can't get consent. Let the poor man die in peace.
UNK: What if we can find the family?
UNK: - [Bailey] And get consent. - We could harvest the organs?
Bailey : If you find the family.
Bailey : What are you doing?
George : Hiding.
George : There's this VIP patient...
George : He likes me.
Alex : That's good, right?
UNK: He "likes me," likes me.
Alex : Go for it, man. Get yours. I'm down with the rainbow.
Alex : Oh. Are you not gay?
Bailey : - No. - Really?