Mackie : That beautiful boy may have found you a liver.
UNK: [Sobs]
UNK: [- Tegan and Sara : I Won't Be Left]
UNK: [Pager beeping]
UNK: God, I smell good!
Alex : You know what it is?
UNK: It's the smell of open-heart surgery.
UNK: [Sniffing] It's awesome. It is awesome.
Alex : You gotta smell me.
Meredith : I don't want to smell you.
Alex : Oh, yes you do.
Meredith : You have got to be kidding me!
UNK: OK, I have more important things to deal with than you.
Meredith : I have roommates, boy problems and family problems.
UNK: Wanna act like a frat-boy bitch?
Meredith : That's fine. You wanna take credit for your saves,
Meredith : and everybody else's? That's fine too.
UNK: - Just stay outta my face. - [Door opening]
UNK: And for the record, you smell like crap!
UNK: [Sighing]
Alex : She attacked me.
UNK: Meredith! Meredith!
UNK: Meredith! Meredith!
Derek : You might want to leave before I change my mind,
Derek : and let her beat you to a pulp with her tiny, ineffectual fists.
UNK: [Sighing]
Izzie : What?
Izzie : Nothing.
Viper : It's just...
Izzie : Nothing.
UNK: Oh! This one is skin grafting!
George : Skin grafting? No way! I've never seen that done.
Meredith : Are those my mother's surgical tapes?
George : We should watch the skin grafting one first.
Meredith : Where did all this stuff come from?
Izzie : Oh. I unpacked some of your mother's things. I was upset.
Izzie : And when I'm upset, I like to nest.
UNK: Oh... Hemipelvectomy!
George : I think we should watch this one first.
Bailey : No.
Meredith : We're not watching my mother's surgery tapes. We're not unpacking boxes.
UNK: We're not having conversations where we celebrate the moments of our lives.
Meredith : And use a coaster!
George : - I ordered Chinese food. - [Meredith] I hate Chinese food!
UNK: [Door slamming]
Meredith : They're everywhere. All the time.
UNK: Izzie's perky, and George does this thing
Meredith : where he's helpful and considerate.
Meredith : They share food, and they say things,
Meredith : and they move things and they breathe.
UNK: - Ugh. They're, like, happy. - Kick them out.
UNK: I can't. They just moved in. I asked them to move in.
UNK: So you're gonna repress everything in a deep, dark, twisted place
Cristina : until, one day, you snap and kill them?
UNK: Yep.
Cristina : This is why we are friends.
Alex : Why is the Nazi making us stay in the pit two days in a row?
UNK: - [Meredith] Leftovers. - Leftovers.
Meredith : Gotta get the cyclists who were too drunk, stupid or scared
UNK: to get to a hospital yesterday.
Alex : She gets to do a freakin' organ harvest.
Cristina : - Kills you, doesn't it? - What?
UNK: Two women caught the harvest.
UNK: No, it kills me that anybody got the harvest but me.
Alex : Boobs do not factor into this equation.
UNK: Unless, uh, you want to show me yours.
UNK: - I'm gonna become a lesbian. - [Cristina] Me too.
UNK: [Elevator bell dings]
UNK: [Cristina] Now, Mrs. Davidson, this form simply says
Cristina : you consent to the donation of your husband's major organs.
Cristina : Heart, lungs, liver and kidneys.
UNK: [Sighing]
Cristina : Now, I need to ask you a few questions.
Cristina : Are you willing to donate his corneas?
UNK: Mrs. Davidson : You want his eyes?
Cristina : Um, corneal transplants can give someone back their sight.
UNK: Mrs Davidson : I suppose that's OK.
UNK: [Sighing]
Cristina : What about his skin?
UNK: What? [clears throat]
Cristina : It's used to help burn victims.
UNK: Mrs Davidson : You want to cut off his skin?
UNK: Mrs Davidson : What about the funeral?
UNK: Mrs Davidson : You want me to have a funeral and have people look at him...
UNK: Mrs Davidson : Have his daughter look at her father and he doesn't have any skin?
UNK: It's his skin!
UNK: [Sobbing]
Bailey : What are you doing?
Cristina : - I'm not a people person. - No kidding.