House : Should I call or raise with a double gutshot draw?
UNK: Nope. What about infection?
UNK: Reverend Bowden : That's what we're thinking.
Taub : Cerebral infection would explain the headaches, could've caused POTS.
UNK: If it's fungal, could've spread to the heart.
House : I was talking about you.
House : Has the little gent been wearing a tent?
Taub : Remind me why that has anything to do with you.
House : A distracted person makes a distracted professional.
Taub : And destroying my marriage will help me focus.
UNK: Probably.
House : Do a spinal tap, run the CSF.
House : Still talking about you!
House : But you can do it on the patient, too, if you want.
House : What about her?
Thirteen : The bartender?
House : She's the only one who's not here for fun.
Thirteen : Trust me, she's not straight.
House : If your gaydar is so great,
House : how come you didn't know about the patient till you met his boyfriend?
Thirteen : Guy walked in with his bride,
UNK: it took me awhile to rotate my dish.
Thirteen : It's unbelievable what he's doing to her.
House : You don't think he loves her?
Thirteen : He may love her, but he needs to have sex with other men.
UNK: Taub loves his wife, he needs to have sex with other women.
Thirteen : Yeah, it sucks what he's doing to her, too, but it's hardly the same.
Thirteen : To be faithful to his wife,
Thirteen : our patient has to deny his identity.
Thirteen : Taub just needs to...
UNK: Has to resist the biological imperative.
Thirteen : It is easier to say no to dessert
Thirteen : than to pretend you don't eat.
House : Says someone who's obviously never been on a diet.
Thirteen : My life's a breeze.
House : You're successful, smart, and you attract everything that moves.
UNK: If you wanna focus on the fact
House : that you're not gonna see 50, that's your choice.
Nicole : You know what? I agree with you.
Thirteen : My self-pity's optional. What about yours?
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : CSF was negative for infection,
Taub : and his headaches are worse.
House : We were just talking about you.
Taub : Please don't.
Chase : It's not POTS, we're back to square one.
House : Not quite.
UNK: You did a spinal tap and the headaches got worse.
Chase : We're maxing him out on morphine.
House : He sprung a leak. He's losing CSF from the tap site.
Taub : We made his headaches worse?
House : Just you, actually.
Chase : That still wouldn't explain why he got the headaches in the first place.
House : Low pressure in his brain caused the POTS, not the other way around.
UNK: Patch the leak, top him up with artificial CSF.
UNK: There. That should stop the leak.
Taub : You should be feeling some relief soon.
Nicole : I spoke to my parents.
Ted : How are they doing?
Nicole : They're still worried.
Ted : Well, tell them not to be.
UNK: Everything's going to be okay.
UNK: Ted?
Nicole : What's happening?
Taub : He's stroking.
Chase : Both eyes are responsive.
Taub : Tell me your full name.
UNK: Reverend Bowden : Theodore Philip Taylor.
Chase : This isn't a stroke. Then what is it?
Ted : What's happening to me?
Chase : It's really not POTS, we're really back to square one.
House : So what's masquerading as a stroke?
House : Voted the worst Halloween costume, by the way.
UNK: MRI showed no problems with blood flow to the brain,
Chase : rules out TIA.
UNK: Sarcoidosis?
House : Chest X-rays showed no hilar masses.
House : Any luck with the pottery?
Taub : Wasn't easy.
Taub : Bought a suitably cruddy set of fife and drum napkin rings online.
UNK: Scleroderma?
House : Skin's fine, ANA was negative.
UNK: So what'd that set you back? Too much.
Taub : I got into a bidding war with some lunatic.
UNK: Histoplasmosis.
House : EIA was clear.
UNK: But, hey, could've gone a lot higher than $215.