House : Hey, I'm not the one you have to convince.
Nicole : I know he wasn't faking.
UNK: Boy, if she's buying that, she might just be a keeper.
Sam : What about the syncope?
UNK: Well, that...
House : She buying this, too?
Nicole : Why would he fake anything?
House : Kryo podia. It's Greek for "duh."
UNK: So, you get to keep the engagement ring.
Taub : I don't think he was faking.
House : That's because you're more gullible than I am.
House : For instance, I don't believe
House : that you called off your open marriage.
House : I believe your wife called it off,
House : and you called off telling her that you weren't calling it off.
UNK: Guy doesn't throw a golden ticket in the trash.
Taub : Same way a guy doesn't give up a lucrative medical practice
Taub : to come work for you?
House : That's exactly why you dabble.
House : You're compensating for your professional conquests with sexual ones.
Nicole : I'm not that predictable.
Taub : For example, you're probably not expecting me
Taub : to ask you out for dinner tonight.
House : No, thanks.
Taub : You won't even consider it?
House : I did, just very quickly.
Taub : Truth is, since I called this thing off,
Taub : my wife has been very grateful,
Taub : and I could do with a down night.
Taub : If I go out with the boss, nobody can blame me.
UNK: Okay.
House : If you bring your wife.
Taub : No, that's the point. I need a little...
House : You're lying.
Taub : I'm not lying!
House : Then I'm not going.
UNK: Okay. Fontina at 8 : 30.
Ted : You believe me, right?
Nicole : Of course, I believe you.
Ted : Then let's do it.
UNK: We'll tell the cab to take us to AC right now and get it done.
Nicole : You're serious? You just walked out of the emergency room.
Ted : Exactly, I walked out. I feel great.
Nicole : Well, we do have the clothes for it.
Nicole : Ted? What's wrong?
UNK: Reverend Bowden : Are you... What's wrong?
Nicole : Oh, my God. Can somebody help us?
Nicole : Please! Please, hurry. Just breathe. Oh, my God.
House : There's gotta be a better way to call off a wedding.
House : A tweet, for example.
Foreman : Pleural effusion.
Taub : You think his lung is faking it?
Foreman : There's at least 200 cc's of fluid in there.
House : Okay, let's say all his symptoms are real.
House : Explain how one of them suddenly went away
House : without using the words "virgin" or "Mary."
Foreman : If the pleural effusion's caused by something systemic,
Foreman : it could explain his other two symptoms.
Foreman : So whether you believe him or not,
Foreman : all we have to figure out is what caused the PE.
Chase : ER ruled out infection. Eosinophil count ruled out parasites.
UNK: And medication he's not telling us about.
Taub : You really don't trust this guy, do you?
House : I don't even trust the ER.
House : Let's rule out infections ourselves.
UNK: Tap his lung, send cultures, run cytology for cancer,
House : and check his blood pressure. We already...
House : This time, talk about nuptials while you do it.
House : Check his home for everything else.
Thirteen : He just moved in with his fiancee three months ago.
Thirteen : Toxic exposure could take longer than that to manifest.
House : You check his love nest.
House : You two check his swinging bachelor pad.
Taub : That somebody else now lives in?
House : I assume so.
Taub : Not the glass!
UNK: Place looks like 1960s?
Taub : Could have lead paint.
Taub : You think a 27-year-old has pica?