Taub : If it gets us out of here before the owner comes back, yes.
UNK: What did you tell that cute physio?
Taub : That I changed my mind.
Thirteen : No, you didn't.
Thirteen : You're more nervous than usual.
UNK: Because this B&E has actual B.
UNK: What...
Thirteen : That's a suspended ceiling.
Taub : What are you doing?
Thirteen : I want to see what's above it.
Taub : More ceiling.
Thirteen : Made of 40-year-old acoustic tile.
Taub : Asbestosis, I like it. I'll be in the car.
Cotter : What the hell?
Taub : It's okay. We're doctors. Nobody was home, so we...
Cotter : Well, I'm calling the police.
Thirteen : Do you know Ted Taylor? He used to live here.
Cotter : Yeah, what about him?
Thirteen : He's our patient at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Cotter : Is he okay?
Thirteen : We think he may have asbestosis from your ceiling tiles.
Cotter : They're not asbestos. I had them checked when I moved in.
Cotter : How sick is he?
Taub : Is he a friend of yours?
Nicole : He was.
Cotter : Actually, he was my boyfriend for three years.
Ted : I'm not gay. Really?
House : 'Cause it would certainly explain the cold feet.
House : Oh, and the boyfriend.
Taub : So you're bisexual?
Ted : No, I'm straight.
Ted : Cotter, the guy you met, he's gay.
Ted : He had a crush on me. I left.
Thirteen : After three years?
House : It's possible.
UNK: Doesn't mean you're gay just because the guy you're sleeping with is.
Ted : We weren't sleeping together...
Ted : What's this got to do with anything?
Taub : Lung tap turned up mononucleosis.
Taub : ER doesn't routinely test for it.
Taub : It explains the PE and can be virtually asymptomatic.
House : We got to wondering, how does a 27-year-old get mono?
House : You're a little old for the kissing disease
House : unless your immune system is compromised.
Thirteen : If there's been any unprotected sex,
Thirteen : we'll need to test for HIV.
Thirteen : There's been no sex of any kind.
UNK: Okay.
House : I'll go test your fiancee for HIV. She the curious sort?
UNK: Wait.
UNK: There may have been some contact. But I'm not gay.
UNK: Sodomy, one of the top 10 most common household accidents.
Ted : I did a lot of stupid things, but I turned my life around.
Ted : I'm as straight as any of you.
House : You don't have to believe me.
Ted : I'm just saying
Ted : you can test me as long as you don't tell Nicole.
Thirteen : What business is it of hers?
Chase : I don't see anything wrong with him marrying a straight woman.
Thirteen : How about it'll make them both miserable?
Chase : Just like most straight marriages.
Chase : He's got the right to life, liberty and unhappiness like the rest of us.
Taub : Absolutely no reason to look at me.
Chase : I'm not saying it's a great choice.
Ted : Just saying it's his choice.
UNK: But it has to be hers as well, which it can't be
Thirteen : as long as she doesn't know he's gay.
Chase : Which is how it's gonna stay
Chase : since we have no right to tell her.
Thirteen : Like you've never bent the rules.
Chase : You date guys. You date girls.
Chase : I assume, at some point, you're gonna make a choice.
Thirteen : I don't lie about who I am.
Chase : Patients lying never bothered you before.
Taub : Patients weren't lying about their sexual orientation before.
Chase : So you're only judgmental when it gets personal?
Thirteen : Does it bother me that people hurt others
Thirteen : because they're too weak to face the truth?
Thirteen : Yeah. Sorry about that.
Taub : Tell me she's not looking at me.
Chase : He's negative? Yep.
Taub : Looks like being gay didn't make him sick.
Thirteen : So maybe being straight did.
Thirteen : Test was negative, no HIV.
Ted : Told you.
Thirteen : What you didn't tell us is how you turned your life around.
UNK: That can be pretty hard. It was.
Thirteen : Downright impossible on your own.
Ted : I talked to some people.
Thirteen : It was more than just talk, wasn't it?
Thirteen : I know this is personal stuff.
Thirteen : I'm here to help you, not out you.
Ted : I had therapy.
Thirteen : Conversion therapy.
Thirteen : Went to a camp for three weeks of intensive rehabilitation.
Thirteen : They injected him with emetics while he watched gay porn.
UNK: Apomorphine?
Thirteen : Or lithium chloride, or cyclophosphamide. He doesn't know.
Thirteen : And when that didn't work, they shot him up with male hormones.
Foreman : A chemical assault like that could explain the PE.
Thirteen : And the ECT explains the rest.
Taub : They gave him electroconvulsive therapy to make him straight?