Taub : You're KissMyAsthma99?
Chase : What about MELAS?
UNK: Mitochondrial encephalomyopathy,
Chase : lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes.
UNK: NILLAS.
House : No, idiot, lactate levels are stable. We're missing something.
Taub : We've run every test that makes sense,
Taub : asked every question we can think of,
Taub : gone over his history a dozen times.
Chase : We know how much we can trust his history.
UNK: If history's written by the victor,
House : how do we find out what really happened?
Chase : Talk to the loser. Call the boyfriend.
House : Let's get them all in the same room.
Taub : Or we could question them separately and not torture them.
House : Or we could get them all in the same room and get the truth.
UNK: Oh.
Chase : Drinks are on me and Foreman tonight.
House : Can't. Pap smear.
Chase : We don't want to do it either,
Chase : but Wilson already paid us.
UNK: It's going to suck.
Nicole : I know.
House : Where and when?
Thirteen : Any incidents of dizziness?
UNK: Seizures?
UNK: Blackouts?
Nicole : Other than our wedding day.
UNK: Don't you think I would've told you if there were?
Cotter : My sister's birthday.
Ted : I was drunk.
Cotter : You had one martini.
Ted : On an empty stomach.
Cotter : Look, he was just sitting on the couch,
UNK: and then he fell over and that was it.
Ted : Once I slept it off, I was fine.
Cotter : Well, I stayed up that night,
Cotter : checking on him every 15 minutes.
Taub : What about sex?
Ted : Yes, I have sex with my girlfriend because I'm not gay.
Nicole : We have sex.
Wilson : Thank you.
Chase : No problems?
Nicole : Well, there have been some issues.
UNK: Nic...
Taub : Erectile dysfunction?
Ted : Every guy has it sometimes.
Cotter : We never had that problem.
Ted : Gee, that must be because Ted doesn't like girls.
Taub : Or because it's vascular.
Taub : I know we did an MRA, but arterial disease causing acute ischemia
Taub : could explain the heart, neuro symptoms, maybe even POTS.
Thirteen : Might I suggest a diagnostic test?
UNK: A penile plethysmograph measures changes in blood flow in your penis,
Taub : tells us if there's a circulatory problem.
Taub : You just need to be in the right state.
Thirteen : What's your pleasure?
UNK: I feel terrible, I don't think anything's gonna work.
Thirteen : Then we'll have to give you a shot.
Taub : Where you don't want to get one.
Ted : Shot it is.
UNK: He kept dreaming
UNK: Dreaming
UNK: That someday he'd be a star
UNK: Superstar, but he didn't get far
UNK: But he sure found out the hard way
UNK: That dreams don't always come true
UNK: Dreams don't always come true
House : Oh, no
UNK: No No
UNK: He's leaving
UNK: Leaving
UNK: On that midnight train to Georgia
UNK: Leaving on a midnight train
UNK: Yeah, said he's going back to find
UNK: Going back to find
UNK: A simpler place and time
UNK: Whenever he takes that ride
UNK: Guess who's gonna be right by his side
UNK: I'm gonna be with him
UNK: I know you will
UNK: On a midnight train to Georgia
UNK: Leaving on a midnight train to Georgia
UNK: I'd rather live in his world
UNK: Live in his world
UNK: Than live without him in mine
UNK: World His world
UNK: His tears My world
UNK: His and hers alone
UNK: I've got to go, I've got to go, I've got to go