Meredith : I'm sure you're very nice,
UNK: but I'm very particular about who lives in my house. You're just not right.
Blonde : Why? Look, I'm quiet. No loud music, no parties.
UNK: Where were you when Challenger exploded?
Blonde : The what?
UNK: The space shuttle. Challenger.
UNK: Uh, I think I was in kindergarten.
Meredith : Exactly. No.
UNK: [Izzie] Why put up posters if you don't want roommates?
Meredith : I do want roommates. We're together 100 hours a week.
Meredith : You want to live together too?
UNK: I see you bring bribes now.
George : I need a place to live. My mom irons my scrubs. I have to get out of there.
Meredith : It's not a bribe. I don't think it's a good idea.
George : - I can put down last... - It's totally a bribe.
Izzie : I can cook, and I'm an obsessive cleaner.
UNK: [Meredith] No. I just want two total strangers
Meredith : who I don't have to talk to or be nice to.
Meredith : And it's not a bribe. It's a mocha latte.
UNK: George, run the code team. Meredith, take the trauma pager.
UNK: Cristina, deliver the labs to the patients.
Bailey : Izzie, you're on sutures.
Meredith : Dr. Bailey, I was hoping to assist you in the OR today.
Meredith : Maybe do a minor procedure.
Meredith : I think I'm ready. Mocha latte?
UNK: [Cristina] If she gets to cut, I want to cut.
UNK: - [Izzie] Me too. - I wouldn't mind another shot.
Bailey : Stop talking.
Bailey : Every intern wants to perform their first surgery.
Bailey : That's not your job. Do you know what your job is?
Bailey : To make your resident happy. Do I look happy? No.
UNK: Why? Because my interns are whiny.
Bailey : You know what will make me look happy?
UNK: Having code team staffed, having the trauma pages answered,
Bailey : having the weekend labs delivered
Bailey : and having someone down in the pit doing the sutures.
UNK: No one holds a scalpel till I'm so happy I'm Mary-freakin'-Poppins.
Cristina : Mocha latte, my ass.
UNK: Why are y'all standing there? Move!
UNK: Seattle has ferryboats.
UNK: - Yes? - I didn't know that.
Derek : I've been living here six weeks. I didn't know there were ferryboats.
Meredith : Seattle is surrounded by water on three sides.
UNK: - Hence the ferryboats. - [Elevator bell dings]
Derek : Now I have to like it here.
Derek : I wasn't planning on liking it here.
UNK: I'm from New York. I'm genetically engineered to dislike everywhere,
Derek : except Manhattan.
UNK: I have a thing for ferryboats.
Meredith : I'm not going out with you.
Derek : Did I ask you to go out with me?
Derek : Do you want to go out with me?
Meredith : I'm not dating you, and I'm definitely not sleeping with you again.
Meredith : - You're my boss. - I'm your boss's boss.
Meredith : You're my teacher and my teacher's teacher.
Meredith : And you're my teacher.
UNK: "I'm your sister. I'm your daughter."
Meredith : - You're sexually harassing me. - I'm riding an elevator.
Meredith : Look, I'm drawing a line. The line is drawn.
Meredith : There's a big line.
Derek : So, this line, is it imaginary,
Derek : or do I need to get you a marker?
UNK: [Dings]
UNK: [Clears throat]
Derek : We'll talk later?
UNK: [Beeping]
UNK: - Are you the surgeon? - Yeah.
Nurse : We've got a rape victim. Better get in there.
UNK: [Woman] 25-year-old female found down at the park. Status : Post-trauma.
UNK: She came in with a GCS of six. BP : 80 over 60.