UNK: Nurse Regina : Guess who didn't show up for clinic duty.
Cuddy : Don't tell me,
Cuddy : the guy with all the boils needs a liver transplant.
UNK: Nurse Regina : No, his doctor needs a nap.
UNK: Nurse Regina : You want me to try to find him?
Cuddy : You really need him? I need someone.
UNK: Clinic Patient : I have cancer.
Cuddy : Why do you think you have cancer?
UNK: Clinic Patient : I don't think I have cancer, I know I have cancer.
UNK: Clinic Patient : I had surgery to remove a malignant polyp in my colon six months ago,
UNK: Clinic Patient : and now it's spread to my liver and lymph nodes.
Cuddy : So you're under the care of an oncologist?
UNK: Clinic Patient : Yeah, but he won't give me the prescription I need.
Cuddy : You need more pain killers?
UNK: Clinic Patient : No, I need breast milk.
Cuddy : Human breast milk?
UNK: Clinic Patient : Yes, it has cancer-fighting qualities.
Cuddy : Well, in newborns it's been shown to reduce future risk...
UNK: Clinic Patient : No. In adults with cancer, too. I've read studies.
UNK: Clinic Patient : Look, I even know a place where I can buy it.
UNK: Clinic Patient : I just need a prescription so I can get reimbursed by my insurance company.
Cuddy : They said they'd reimburse the cost of breast milk as a cancer treatment?
UNK: Clinic Patient : They reimburse prescriptions.
UNK: Clinic Patient : So, if you write me a prescription,
UNK: Clinic Patient : then they have no choice but to pay.
Cuddy : Well, actually, they have a choice.
UNK: Clinic Patient : What are you, some type of shill for the insurance company?
UNK: No. I've been paying premiums for 30 years
UNK: Clinic Patient : and I've never been sick a day in my life till this happened.
UNK: Clinic Patient : Now I can't work. I got no money,
UNK: Clinic Patient : and you want to help them screw me over.
Cuddy : I'm not screwing you over.
UNK: Clinic Patient : Well, then give me the script. It won't help you.
UNK: Clinic Patient : Will it hurt me? No, but...
UNK: Clinic Patient : Okay, so it won't harm me and it won't harm you,
UNK: Clinic Patient : but it's this insurance company... This is not about insurance.
UNK: Clinic Patient : Then give me the damn script!
UNK: Clinic Patient : I'm sick.
UNK: Clinic Patient : I need help.
UNK: Clinic Patient : I need something.
Lucas : I'm sorry.
UNK: Bitch.
Cuddy : Anyone call?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Nurse Regina : The ER. They said the vascular who's on call doesn't have privileges.
Cuddy : Then why is he on call?
UNK: Nurse Regina : Dowd's at a conference and got him to fill in.
UNK: Be nice if he got somebody who could actually work here. Call Ereshefsky.
UNK: Ereshefsky? She's not gonna do it.
Cuddy : She owes me a favor.
UNK: Nurse Regina : She's still not gonna do it.
Oscar : All right.
UNK: Nurse Regina : Oh, and there's a guy in your office. I think he's a lawyer.
Cuddy : Why is he in my office?
UNK: Nurse Regina : Said he didn't want to sit around a bunch of sick people.
UNK: Nurse Regina : I tried to stop him.
Cuddy : Hi. I'm Dr. Lisa Cuddy.
Westbrook : Ronald Westbrook.
Westbrook : I appreciate your taking the time to meet with me.
Cuddy : Hard to avoid, since you're already in my office.
Westbrook : Sorry about that, I just got over a wicked cold.
UNK: I didn't want to... How can I help you?
Westbrook : I represent Martin Acevedo.
Westbrook : He's filed a suit against PPH and Dr. Robert Chase
Westbrook : for performing surgery without consent.
Cuddy : Yes, I saw that. I also saw the consent forms.
Cuddy : They were all signed.
Westbrook : Yes, but my client was assured