Cuddy : Can you take a look at these per diem schedules,
Cuddy : let me know if you see any conflicts? Got it.
UNK: Nurse Regina : Oh, and Ereshefsky actually did come in.
UNK: Nurse Regina : You catch her leaving a sponge in a guy or something?
Cuddy : Wasn't a medical mistake. What was it?
Cuddy : Can't tell you now. She came in.
Cuddy : Hey, Stan, have you audited the ephedrine orders, yet?
Stan : Why? You told me she confessed. Stan!
Stan : All right, yeah, I'll take care of it.
UNK: Today.
UNK: Nurse Regina : You know he's cussing you out now.
Cuddy : I don't care, as long as he does it.
Lucas : What a bitch.
Cuddy : What are you doing here?
UNK: Sounded like you were gonna be too busy for lunch, so...
Lucas : My specialty. Spinach lasagna.
Cuddy : Sure you didn't come looking for more people
Cuddy : you could brag about our sex life to?
Lucas : Okay, sorry.
UNK: From now on I've got nothing but bad things to say about our sex life.
Lucas : Or nothing to say.
Cuddy : And what's going on with Marina? She hasn't called me back.
Lucas : She was gonna call, I told her I'd let you know everything was okay.
Cuddy : So her fever broke?
Lucas : What exactly does that mean, when a fever breaks?
Cuddy : Lucas, I'm very busy, does she have a fever or not?
Lucas : That was gonna be your lunch?
Lucas : And you didn't have breakfast either.
Lucas : No, she doesn't have a fever,
Lucas : and the rash was just like a little diaper rash.
Cuddy : What rash? She has a rash?
UNK: A little one.
Lucas : Lisa, don't worry, I'm telling you.
Lucas : Come on.
Lucas : Oh, God. I must have grabbed Marina's cell by mistake.
Lucas : And I turned the ringer off on the home phone so I could sleep.
Cuddy : What are you doing to me?
Lucas : I take it your deal's not done.
Cuddy : Not yet.
Lucas : How about I take a quick look into the guy who's in charge of the negotiations,
Lucas : or better yet, the CEO.
Lucas : If I get some dirt, you can use it as leverage.
Cuddy : There's no time.
Cuddy : How do you even find these guys?
UNK: You should've seen the guy's face.
Tannenbaum : I thought he was gonna have a damn coronary right there in the tee box.
Cuddy : Excuse me, you're Keith Tannenbaum,
Cuddy : CEO of AtlanticNet Insurance, right?
Tannenbaum : That's me. How can I help you?
Cuddy : Well, actually, I think we can help each other.
Cuddy : I am Dr. Lisa Cuddy, Dean of Medicine at Princeton-Plainsboro.
Tannenbaum : Oh, yeah. Well, how are you?
Cuddy : Well, I'm a little unhappy.
Cuddy : You're aware that our contract with your company is up this week.
Tannenbaum : Yes, and we have a negotiating team that's working all that out.
UNK: Princeton-Plainsboro has the highest rated ER in the state,
Cuddy : the most advanced ICU,
Cuddy : and the most innovative diagnostic medicine department in the entire country.
Tannenbaum : Good to know. Now if you don't mind, I'd like to...
Cuddy : While AtlanticNet Insurance has a marketing budget
UNK: that is more than our pediatric ICU's and transplant unit's combined.
Cuddy : Your PGA sponsorship could pay for our walk-in clinic,
Cuddy : and the money you spend to fuel your two private jets
Cuddy : could fund our air ambulance service for the next three years.
Tannenbaum : Your point being?
Cuddy : Your growth may be good for your bottom line,
Cuddy : but ours allows us to save lives.
Cuddy : And I would rather not have to announce to the press
Cuddy : how selective your company appears to be when it comes to cutting costs.
Tannenbaum : Morgan was right. You are one tough gal.
Tannenbaum : You can portray me as a rich bastard in the press all you want,
Tannenbaum : just as long as I stay rich.
UNK: Nurse Regina : Stan is looking for you. I'm busy.
UNK: Nurse Regina : He said it's urgent.