Westbrook : that the procedure would just be a few minor sutures.
Cuddy : Wait, your client accidentally cut his thumb off
Cuddy : with a table saw, right? Yes.
Cuddy : And Dr. Chase reattached it?
UNK: Yes.
Cuddy : You're saying he didn't want it reattached?
Westbrook : No, he most certainly did not.
Chase : His insurance only covered 60% of inpatient expenses,
Chase : so he would only agree to the cheapest option.
Cuddy : So what did you tell him?
Chase : I said I'd sew up the skin over the exposed bone.
Chase : Then I put him under,
Chase : got his thumb from the paramedics and reattached it.
Chase : What's he gonna do?
UNK: Tell a judge that I harmed him by reattaching a vital digit?
Cuddy : Both he and the insurance company are suing to get out of paying the bill.
Cuddy : It's over $80,000.
Chase : It was his thumb.
Chase : I couldn't just let him toss it in the trash to save a few bucks.
UNK: Nurse Regina : The pharm tech who called in sick is here. She's waiting in your office.
Gail : He barely even looks at me anymore.
Gail : We haven't had sex in months.
Cuddy : You don't need pills to lose weight.
Cuddy : There are healthier ways, legal ways.
Gail : You don't understand how hard it is.
Gail : Ever since our second child, no matter what I do...
UNK: I just wanted to lose 10 more pounds, and then I was gonna stop.
Lucas : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Forging pharmaceutical orders, stealing...
Gail : Don't fire me, Dr. Cuddy.
Gail : Please, I'm begging you.
Gail : If Sam finds out, he'll divorce me for sure. And my kids...
Gail : I will never do it again, I swear. Just give me a second chance.
Cuddy : I won't report the theft to the DEA.
Cuddy : But I have to fire you.
Cuddy : Just take a few minutes to compose yourself,
Cuddy : then go down to HR, and they'll give you your last check.
Gail : I've been a perfect employee for seven years.
Cuddy : I know, but this is too big.
Lucas : I'm sorry.
Wilson : How's it going?
UNK: I've got three hours to save this place from bankruptcy,
Cuddy : I just fired one of my best employees,
Cuddy : and the woman taking care of my sick child isn't returning my calls.
Wilson : Rachel's gonna be fine, I'm sure whoever he or she is deserved it,
Wilson : and we're not going bankrupt. Are we?
Cuddy : Don't worry. The board will fire me before they allow that to happen.
Wilson : They'd never fire you.
Cuddy : I just told AtlanticNet Insurance I'd terminate unless they give us a 12% bump.
Wilson : They might fire you.
Cuddy : Marina, hey, it's me.
Cuddy : I haven't heard back from you. Can you call me as soon as you can?
Cuddy : Thank you.
Wilson : You try Lucas?
Cuddy : He's either sleeping or avoiding me.
Wilson : You in a fight?
Cuddy : Not yet, but we're gonna be.
Cuddy : What do you think I should do about AtlanticNet?
Wilson : You're asking a guy who paid full sticker price for his last car.
Wilson : You ask House?
UNK: He is a master manipulator who always gets what he wants.
Cuddy : This situation is out of control enough already.
Cuddy : House is the last person I want to get involved.
Cuddy : Get out of my chair, and the answer's no.
UNK: Have you noticed how many porn sites have "mom" in the domain name?
House : Hot moms, hungry moms, mature moms.
House : That ought to make you feel pretty good.
UNK: Female Board Member : What do you want?
House : Looks like boils, altered mental status and heart failure
House : was caused by renal cell carcinoma.
House : I need your signature to start treating it with malaria.
Cuddy : Don't worry. I'm giving him chemo, too.
Cuddy : What is your sudden obsession with malaria?
House : Just trying to play my part, cutting costs.
House : Malaria is the simplest, cheapest method of delivering hyperthermia.