Cuddy : You owe Lucas the money.
Cuddy : We were having sex when you called.
House : The breast milk guy finally found a doctor who'd give him what he wanted.
UNK: If it works, that's way better than malaria.
House : It's worth a shot.
UNK: Great.
Cuddy : I thought they were the ones bluffing.
Cuddy : No way they'd let us terminate.
House : They're not gonna fire you, and you're not gonna quit.
Cuddy : Why not?
House : Because you're an idiot.
House : This place needs you, and that matters to you.
Cuddy : What do you think of that pharm tech, Gail?
House : She's a sociopath.
Cuddy : You knew she was stealing meds?
House : No. But have you seen the way she opens the mail?
Cuddy : Why didn't you ever tell me?
House : Figured it might come in handy one day.
Cuddy : Gail, I like you. I always have.
Cuddy : And I know you must've gotten sucked up into a situation
Cuddy : you weren't able to control.
Gail : Really? Is that what happened with you and House?
Cuddy : I'm not gonna back down just because you threaten to smear me.
Cuddy : Now, if you agree to tell the truth,
Cuddy : there are things I can do to help.
Cuddy : Think about your husband, your kids.
Cuddy : I know you're a good person, deep down inside.
Cuddy : You can't completely hide everything about yourself in seven years.
Cuddy : You're an idiot.
Gail : I started stealing from here six months after you hired me.
Gail : You still don't even know the half of it, and you never will.
Gail : You wouldn't have even found out about this if I hadn't gotten sick.
Gail : And you aren't as tough as you think you are.
Gail : There's no way you'd let this job get taken away.
Gail : And if I go down, you're going down.
Cuddy : Hey, can you tell Stan to give this to the DEA agent when he comes by?
UNK: Nurse Regina : A flower?
UNK: Yeah, Lucas gave it to me.
Cuddy : Thought it might come in handy one day.
Gail : I started stealing from here six months after you hired me.
UNK: Nice.
Cuddy : Least I came out on top once today.
UNK: Nurse Regina : Where you going?
Cuddy : To hand the board my resignation.
Cuddy : Hopefully whoever they hire to replace me can still get the 8%.
Cuddy : Marina, I've been trying to get in touch with you all day.
UNK: It's all right. I understand. How is Rachel?
Lucas : And the rash?
Cuddy : Great. I'll be home early.
UNK: Perfect.
Eli : You bitch.
Eli : I didn't think you'd actually do it.
Cuddy : I told you I would.
Eli : Call the dogs off.
Eli : You got your 12.
UNK: Congratulations.
UNK: Yes!
UNK: Yes!
Lucas : You gonna get that?