UNK: I thought you were coming in at 7 : 30.
Cuddy : Rachel woke up with a fever,
UNK: and then I just couldn't get here any sooner.
UNK: Nurse Regina : There's a problem in the pharmacy.
House : Hey, boss lady!
House : You don't answer emergency pages anymore?
Cuddy : Tell them all I'll be by as soon as I can.
UNK: And tell him I assumed it was either about the wolf again
Cuddy : or the procedure I refused to approve yesterday.
House : Turned out it wasn't a resistant staph,
UNK: but I still say if it had been, infecting him with malaria...
Cuddy : Seriously, House, I don't have time for this.
House : You're lying. I have a meeting in 20 minutes.
House : Not talking about your meeting.
House : I'm talking about the phone call.
Cuddy : I didn't ask what you were talking about because I don't care.
House : I was with your boytoy on the stakeout last night.
Cuddy : You were with Lucas?
House : He needed someone who could diagnose a soft tissue injury from across the street.
House : Apparently he doesn't know any good doctors.
Cuddy : Or the ones he does know actually have lives outside of work.
House : Things got a little slow, so we made some wagers.
House : One being whether I could get you to stop the miscegenation
House : with an emergency page.
Cuddy : What made you think we'd...
House : He said you guys do it every morning.
Cuddy : Everybody lies, remember?
House : So you weren't actually...
Cuddy : Goodbye, House.
House : I'm gonna need a definitive answer before any money changes hands.
UNK: Sorry to interrupt, but the GRC called about the budgets,
UNK: the pharmacy is still waiting, and your 8 : 30 just arrived on campus.
UNK: He should be here in 10 minutes.
UNK: Figures this would be the one day he comes early.
Cuddy : Can you proofread this for me?
UNK: Nurse Regina : When are you gonna find your own assistant?
Cuddy : Not today. Thank you. I'll be back in five.
Claudia : Dr. Cuddy.
Cuddy : I know we're usually fine with two CS reps,
Cuddy : but I want a few extra hands today, just in case.
Cuddy : And have IT recheck the network.
Cuddy : I don't want to hear later that
Cuddy : the new lines can only dial out or the computer crashed.
Claudia : What's going on? Hopefully, nothing.
Cuddy : Just make sure you're ready if people start calling.
Cuddy : You wanted to see me?
Oscar : Hey, Dr. Cuddy, yeah.
Oscar : I wanted to let you know there's a problem with one of the orders
Oscar : that came in last night.
Cuddy : Which is?
Oscar : They sent double the amount of meds we ordered.
Cuddy : Did you call and ask why?
Oscar : Yeah. They insist it's not a mistake.
Cuddy : So fax them the original PO.
Oscar : Yeah, that's what I was planning on doing, but I can't find it.
Oscar : Actually, I can't find any of them.
Cuddy : Oscar, I don't have time to straighten out your paperwork.
Cuddy : Where's Stan? He doesn't get in till 9 : 00.
UNK: And it's actually not my paperwork,
UNK: it's Gail's paperwork, and she's out sick today.
Cuddy : So put it on her desk and let her figure it out when she comes back.
Oscar : All right, but it's not my problem if...
Cuddy : Oscar, not today, okay?
Cuddy : Was it the whole shipment or just one med?
Oscar : It's just one.
UNK: Vicodin?
UNK: No, 25-milligram ephedrine tablets.
UNK: What? Call Gail.
Cuddy : Tell her I want to see her in my office ASAP.