Cuddy : Come on, Marina, pick up the phone.
Cuddy : I'm busy.
Foreman : We found a liver match.
Oscar : All right.
Cuddy : Get him prepped. I'll straighten things out with Hourani.
Foreman : Hourani's not the problem. House is.
Foreman : Now he wants Chase to do the surgery.
Cuddy : To prove to Hourani he doesn't need him?
Foreman : To prove to Thomas that Chase was his department's best surgeon.
Cuddy : And what does Chase want to do? Chase wants to do the surgery.
Cuddy : And you don't want him to do it because?
Cuddy : I don't care who does it.
Cuddy : So what's the problem?
Foreman : In order to get our patient into the OR,
Foreman : we have to get him on the surgery schedule.
Foreman : In order to do that we need someone to put him there
Foreman : who neither House nor Thomas can overrule.
UNK: What?
House : Would you rather I go back on Vicodin?
Cuddy : She's not massaging your leg.
House : She will eventually.
Cuddy : Why am I the only person here who cares what happens to this hospital?
Cuddy : Get off your ass and get your department under control,
Cuddy : at least for the next few days.
House : It's gonna take longer than a few days
House : for a company the size of AtlanticNet
House : to start feeling the squeeze of your PR campaign.
House : If they ever do.
Cuddy : And you know this how?
UNK: From all the time you spent researching them and their other contracts,
Cuddy : the way they handle their press relations?
House : I know they have a NASCAR team.
House : Despite what you may have learned at Hebrew school or from Jimmy Cliff,
House : sometimes the bigger they are, the harder they kick your ass.
UNK: Martín : I'm not trying to be greedy.
Westbrook : But he's also not interested in being forced into a medical bankruptcy.
UNK: Mr. Acevedo, I'm sorry you're having financial difficulties,
Cuddy : but because of us you still have a thumb.
Cuddy : I assume that's something a carpenter might need.
Westbrook : And I assume you didn't ask for this meeting so you could lecture my client.
Cuddy : You have insurance,
UNK: but by filing the suit you've caused us to get paid nothing by them either.
Westbrook : That's not our problem.
Cuddy : Actually, it is, since he's responsible
Cuddy : for any expense we're not reimbursed.
UNK: But if you drop this suit and make it clear
Cuddy : that Dr. Chase was acting in your best interest
Cuddy : when he reattached your thumb, then we'll be able to resubmit the claim.
Westbrook : And you'll cover his deductible, attorney's fees,
Westbrook : and 50 grand for pain and suffering.
Cuddy : Actually I was thinking more like we'd cover half his deductible,
Cuddy : which means you'd only owe $16,000.
Westbrook : You want him to pay you? Yes!
Cuddy : Do you have any idea how much it costs,
Cuddy : how many years it takes to train someone in microsurgery?
Cuddy : We gave you back your life.
Cuddy : You can still work, you can button your own shirt, hold a fork...
UNK: Martin, let's go.
UNK: Martín : I'm sorry, I know I should pay, but I just can't.
UNK: Martín : I still cannot work, I'm already under water on my house,
UNK: Martín : and I have two kids with braces.
Cuddy : You think you'd be in better shape without a thumb?
UNK: Martín : Right now, financially? Yeah, I would be.
Cuddy : Well, so would we, but when you came in,
Cuddy : we didn't think about that, we just took care of you.
Cuddy : Made sure we did whatever you needed to get well.
Westbrook : Yeah, right.
Westbrook : All you doctors care about is healing.
Westbrook : That's why there are all those BMWs and Porsches in the parking lot.
Cuddy : Damn it.
Lucas : Come on, we're out of here.
Westbrook : We'll see you in court.
Cuddy : You're right, you will.
Cuddy : You still have a thumb because of us,
Cuddy : and like everyone else in this world, we don't work for free.
Cuddy : We earn this money, and if we have to take your house to get it, we will.
Claudia : What's going on?
UNK: Nurse Regina : I think they're fighting.
Cuddy : Out of my way. Now! Out of the way!