Foreman : Hospitals don't recognize de facto medical licenses.
Foreman : Let's start with genetic tests.
Foreman : Get an EKG, cardiac cath and an echo
Foreman : to check the integrity of his heart.
Cameron : I'll start on blood samples.
Chase : I forgot my watch.
UNK: I could have sworn I saw you put it on this morning.
Chase : Must be in the locker room. I'll be right back.
Cuddy : I need to know what your plans are.
House : First, we take Berlin,
House : and then we circle around behind Poland and yell, "Surprise."
Cuddy : With regards to your employment.
House : I like things the way they are.
House : I get just enough puzzle to solve,
House : without the scornful visits from you. Until now.
Cuddy : Pretend time's been going on long enough.
House : I don't have a medical license. All I can do is pretend.
UNK: Then I'm going to have payroll send you over
Cuddy : some pretend checks starting tomorrow.
Cuddy : You need to complete 120 hours of rounds to re-qualify.
House : No, I don't.
House : I'm not saying you don't win.
House : I'm just saying, do you really need to punish me
House : by making me carry a clipboard
House : for your lackey of the week?
Cuddy : It's a state requirement.
Cuddy : I have to certify that you've completed...
UNK: Exactly.
House : The requirement sets out what you have to do, certify.
House : Which you can do with one hand tied behind your back.
House : Now, if you want to tie my hands...
Cuddy : Dr. Singh supervises rounds on Thursdays. Starts at 7 : 00.
UNK: Nothing.
Foreman : So what now?
UNK: We send him home.
Cameron : To continue believing he's going to drop dead?
Chase : When he turns 70, he'll believe us.
Foreman : There are other things we can check.
UNK: Skeleton of the great-grandfather is in decent shape.
Foreman : Subsurface genetic material from the grandpa is fine,
Foreman : leaving one bowl of putrefied dad.
Chase : You do the dad. I take it he had a sealed casket.
Foreman : The watch story was crap, right?
Chase : I forgot it. It's no big deal.
Foreman : You were avoiding the ICU where Dibala died.
Foreman : I'll sequence the gene for the cardiac sodium channel.
UNK: I felt like I was going to have a panic attack.
Chase : I've crossed some line,
Chase : and I'm having trouble getting back to the other side.
Foreman : I can move the patient to another room.
UNK: Then Cameron will ask questions.
Foreman : You should tell her. She's your wife.
Cameron : How'd you get a court order to dig them up so fast?
Chase : Don't we just need the guy's consent?