UNK: You find anything? Not yet.
Chase : But you're just in time to do the dad.
House : Dr. House?
House : He'll be back in the morning.
Cheryl : I read in the paper you're treating a police officer.
Cheryl : Donny Compson.
House : Second floor. A nurse will help you find him.
Cheryl : I don't want to see him.
Cheryl : Donny and I used to go out, a long time ago.
Cheryl : He doesn't want to see me. I don't want to see him.
House : So did you come to see me for personal advice?
Cheryl : You're looking for genetic conditions,
Cheryl : which makes sense with what happened to his dad and grandpa.
House : Unless you were his girlfriend and his sister,
UNK: you've got nothing to worry about.
Cheryl : I'm not worried about me. Donny doesn't know this, but he has a son.
House : Dial extension 742.
UNK: Tell Dr. Foreman you've got some cool information. Good night.
Wilson : You okay?
House : Yeah. Fine.
Chase : Couldn't find any consistent genetic mutations across 15 areas
Chase : between Donny's ancestors,
Chase : possibly indicating there isn't one.
Cameron : But the son gives us a new data point.
Foreman : And un-degraded DNA.
Chase : I thought he didn't want kids. He didn't.
Foreman : Where's House?
Chase : "Dear Bleeding Hearts.
UNK: "Since your patient's med history is a coincidence and he isn't
UNK: "sick, I've gone back to school. Back in 120 hours."
Cameron : Charming. I'll get a blood sample.
Foreman : If we're looking for something as subtle as a mutation,
Foreman : it makes sense to get the DNA where it's most pure.
UNK: You're going to ask the mom
Chase : to consent to a bone marrow biopsy?
Cameron : She wants to know if there's something wrong
Cameron : with Donny as badly as we do.
UNK: Right. Spike a 10-year-old's hip because Grandpa was sick.
Foreman : If she's right, we save two people.
Cheryl : I don't want to.
Cameron : Can we speak outside for a moment?
UNK: Yeah.
Cameron : You need to tell him.
Cheryl : I can't.
Cameron : His father is down that hallway through those double doors.
Cheryl : I've been lying to him his whole life.
UNK: What's he going to think of me?
Cameron : You were trying to protect him.
Cheryl : Donny never wanted kids.
Cheryl : He certainly doesn't want to meet him.
Cameron : If Donny does die,
Cameron : this could be Michael's only chance to meet his father.
Nona : After administration of immunoglobulin,
Nona : patient had no further pain
Nona : and overnight liver function tests are now normal.
UNK: Patient is ready to be released.
Nona : Stats are dropping. Dr. Singh!
Nona : She's choking!
House : On your fingers.
Nona : - She can't breathe. - House.
Singh : Please take your finger off the test button.