Wilson : I had pea soup today. You'd love my breath right now.
Wilson : I didn't get a chance to run tonight. House is having issues.
Wilson : I missed you a lot today.
UNK: All I wanna do is...
Singh : You know.
Cameron : No cancers on the lateral cuneiform bone.
Foreman : Navicular's also clean.
Cameron : Chase is lying to me.
Cameron : And I know you know. Tell me what's going on, please.
UNK: I'm going to tell you the same thing I told him.
Foreman : Talk to your spouse.
Wilson : No breakfast?
House : Not today.
House : I'm hallucinating.
Cheryl : What happened?
House : It's nothing visual this time.
House : I hear whispering.
Wilson : Is that why you've been acting so weird? Is that why you quit?
House : I'm losing it.
Wilson : I'm sure there's a rational explanation,
Wilson : the wind, a neighbor's TV...
House : I checked everything.
House : What's really scary is that I hear whispering while not on Vicodin.
House : I'm gonna check myself back in to Mayfield.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay?
House : You don't think there might be a logical explanation?
House : Something I missed?
Wilson : You're the smartest guy I know.
Wilson : If you haven't thought of it, it doesn't exist.
Wilson : I'll drive you over. I just need to make some tea first.
Singh : You know.
Wilson : That you're an ass? Yeah.
Wilson : You overheard me talking to my dead girlfriend and thought to yourself,
UNK: "Hmm. What kind of fun can I have with this?"
House : Why are you talking to her?
UNK: Did you run out of living people?
House : You can talk to me, I'm right here.
Wilson : I miss her. Talking to her makes me feel better.
House : You don't.
UNK: Patient, Lauren Maybaum, 27,
Dex : presented two days ago with severe abdominal pain.
House : Sorry I'm late.
Cuddy : Yesterday, you said you weren't ready.
House : Yesterday, I wasn't. Today, I am.
Cuddy : And tomorrow? Is it possible for me to get a five-day forecast?
House : Feeling much better, thank you for not asking.
Cuddy : Either you did have a problem, which I can't ignore,
Cuddy : or you were jerking me around, which I can't ignore.
House : You are a woman, you can do anything.
Cuddy : For example, I can talk to you outside.
House : You sure you're only one woman?
Cuddy : This is the part where you play the employee and I play the boss.
House : I can see your nipples. Your turn.
Cuddy : These kids are...
Marta : No wonder she hates him.
UNK: Mmm. That's not hate. It's foreplay.
Cuddy : It's inappropriate.
Foreman : Gamma survey revealed no tumors.
House : So it's not bone cancer.
House : Where's Chase?
Cameron : Don't know.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Two mysteries, cool. Theories?
House : Did I come in too soon? Okay. I'm going to take another lap,
House : and I want three new ideas by the time I come back.
House : One of them's got to be not stupid.