Donny : I can rest at home.
UNK: I can't release you for at least two days.
UNK: You've got two broken bones,
Cameron : a severe concussion, collapsed lung.
Donny : But you didn't find anything life-threatening. Right?
Cameron : You fell 30 feet. You should have died.
Brian : I think that was the point.
Donny : Could you shut up?
UNK: Do you have suicidal thoughts?
Donny : Not once. Never.
Brian : He doesn't want to kill himself.
Brian : He just thinks he's gonna die soon,
Brian : so it doesn't really matter.
Donny : You shut up. I'm the one you're not covering
Brian : when you pull your crazy stunts.
Cameron : Why do you think you're going to die soon?
Donny : Well, my dad, grandfather, and great-grandfather
Donny : all dropped dead of heart problems
Donny : right after they turned 40.
UNK: And look who turns 40 next week.
Cameron : I can refer you to a cardiologist if you...
UNK: No, I've been there. All of them.
Donny : Spent my early 30s going from one doctor to another.
Donny : Every single one says my heart's fine.
Cameron : And you think they're wrong?
Donny : I know they're wrong.
Donny : But what can I do? At a certain point,
UNK: you just gotta live your life.
UNK: By "live your life," you mean "risk your life."
Cameron : If there is something wrong,
Cameron : I know a doctor who'll find it.
Wilson : Oh, God. I'll be back in 10.
House : I'm picking lint out of my belly button.
Wilson : This is ridiculous.
Wilson : I'm converting the study into a bedroom.
UNK: Huh.
House : Six weeks. Longer than I thought it would take.
House : For you to notice that I'm sleeping
House : in your living room and offer other options.
Wilson : I didn't expect you to be here this long.
House : True, but that's not why you didn't extend the invitation.
Wilson : Do you really need to deconstruct this?
House : You didn't want me to sleep where you and Amber slept.
Wilson : Okay, yes, you do.
House : After she died, you converted the study to a bedroom
House : and the bedroom to a study.
House : Except it's not a study, it's a shrine.
House : Can I tell you something?
House : I wasn't picking lint out of my belly button.
Wilson : Okay. I am not ready to transition
Wilson : from my dead girlfriend's shrine
Wilson : to your morning glory.
Wilson : I'll have a mattress delivered
Wilson : and set up for you in the tabernacle.
Wilson : I just need it Tuesdays for animal sacrifices.
Wilson : Oh, man.
UNK: Patient's a genetic time bomb.
House : There's no fuse. He's not a bomb.
House : Right now, he's not a patient either.
UNK: You're saying we ignore three generations of cardiac problems?
House : I'm not ignoring it, I'm labeling it a coincidence.
Cameron : You hate coincidence.
House : We reconciled. It was a whole thing.
House : Big country. It's statistically probable
House : that someone has three generations
House : that died around age 40 with non-genetic heart issues.
House : Dice have no memory.
Cameron : Genes do.
House : If we ran a battery of tests
House : on every non-symptomatic statistical anomaly...
UNK: The guy goes through every day assuming his life will end at age 40.
Cameron : Never got married, no kids,
Cameron : because he didn't want to die on them
Cameron : the same way his dad died on him.
House : You want to take this case,
House : 'cause he's yet another Ionely, sad puppy?
Cameron : You should have been a vet.
Cameron : It's a legitimate case.
Foreman : Differential diagnosis for a genetic heart condition.
House : That sold you?
Chase : Marfan Syndrome, Brugada.
Cameron : And you?
UNK: Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
House : He's only agreeing with you
House : 'cause he wants to have sex with you.
House : And by the way, I agree with you, too.
House : Especially in those pants.
House : We're not wasting our time.
House : Last week, Chase said that I was the de facto boss.