Castle : Well, that street empties onto a blind alley.
Castle : Maybe Burns thought he couldn't get away.
Montgomery : Any idea what he was writing there?
Beckett : We're seeing if Tech can enhance the image.
Beckett : But we found no connection between this Harley and the pizza joints.
Montgomery : Maybe pizza has nothing to do with it.
Montgomery : Maybe Burns knew Harley from an old story.
UNK: No.
UNK: Charles Shaw : I don't recognize him at all.
Beckett : Did Burns ever mention the name Harley in any of his stories?
UNK: Never.
UNK: Charles Shaw : When this guy supposedly died,
UNK: Charles Shaw : Gordon was embedded with the Second Marine Division in Gulf II.
Castle : Mr. Shaw, do the names Johnny Farrell
UNK: or Swede Andersen mean anything to you?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Charles Shaw : They do. They're both characters from old film noir movies.
UNK: Right!
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : And why would these two names be important?
UNK: Charles Shaw : This guy Harley, what kind of drugs was he dealing?
UNK: Heroin. Why?
UNK: Because the only heroin story Burns ever chased
UNK: Charles Shaw : was the one that he could never finish.
UNK: About a high-end distribution ring in New York
UNK: that sets up shop inside legitimate businesses.
UNK: Charles Shaw : When someone needed product, they use a code word.
UNK: Their code happens to be names of characters from film noir.
UNK: Charles Shaw : It's that story that destroyed him.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Charles Shaw : Because of the guy who was behind the ring.
UNK: Charles Shaw : It was Cavallo.
UNK: Gordon Burns was gunning for the Prince of Darkness himself.
Castle : Who's Cavallo?
Beckett : It's a street myth.
Beckett : An urban legend.
UNK: Anytime a dealer gets whacked, people always say it's Cavallo.
Beckett : But he's not even real.
UNK: Cavallo's real.
UNK: Come on, Shaw. We've all heard the scary story.
UNK: Well, I didn't.
Beckett : So the story goes that
Beckett : Cavallo was mentored by this badass Colombian drug lord,
UNK: Khazi The Conqueror.
Beckett : And eventually, he put a bullet to his boss' head,
Beckett : slit all of his kids' throats and took over the operation.
UNK: Walt Shaw : But I mean,
UNK: it's a fairytale.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Not to Burns.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Not to his daughter.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Burns told me he had a contact that was getting him close to Cavallo.
UNK: Charles Shaw : The next day, he and his daughter are crossing the street,
UNK: Charles Shaw : this car appears out of nowhere.
UNK: Charles Shaw : When he came to, his leg was shattered.
UNK: Nina was 20 feet away, bleeding out,
UNK: and he couldn't even crawl over to hold her.
UNK: Charles Shaw : So don't you tell me Cavallo isn't real.
UNK: It sounds like Burns was Ahab and Cavallo his white whale.
UNK: Well, he did sign in to the hotel as Melville.
Castle : You know, it's that kind of sly humor that Burns was known for.
Castle : And while I am loathe to profile,
Castle : the name Cavallo, also the Italian word for "horse,"
UNK: might suggest a link back to the four Nicks.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan.
Beckett : When you were in Narcotics,
Beckett : when was the first time you heard the name Cavallo?
UNK: I don't know. Probably around '03.
UNK: Around all the time all those dealers were getting whacked.
UNK: Well, that's right. When Harley was killed.
Castle : So, Harley stages his own death,
Castle : brutally murders his competition,
Castle : and then starts a whisper campaign on the streets
Castle : about the new Dark Prince of Heroin.
Beckett : And a legend is born.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Tech was able to blow up and enhance that ATM video.
Esposito : They're sending it up now.
UNK: God.
Beckett : - I still can't make it out. - Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : Run it again.
Castle : Can you flip it and slow it down?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: What I do best.
UNK: Writing.
UNK: Okay. Three,
UNK: six, "S."
UNK: It could be a five.
UNK: Okay, "S" or a five.
UNK: "W," one, two, seven?
Esposito : It's an address.
UNK: B-A-S...
UNK: Basement. 365 West 127th Street. In the basement.
Ryan : That's three blocks from the ATM.
Beckett : Police! Nobody move!
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Room's clear.
UNK: Somebody moved out in a hurry.
Esposito : Coffee grinders for cutting, envelopes for packaging.
UNK: All the earmarks of a well-organized heroin processing house.