Beckett : Girlfriend? Wife?
Lanie : Burns is listed as divorced, no next of kin.
Castle : He was a war correspondent, an investigative reporter.
Castle : What was he doing in a pizza oven?
UNK: Well, maybe his editor knows.
UNK: Walt Shaw : We were friends.
UNK: Walt Shaw : When I became editor of the paper, he was my first hire.
Castle : The kinds of stories he wrote,
UNK: he must've stepped on his fair share of toes.
UNK: Walt Shaw : Not for years. He'd been out of the game for a while.
UNK: Why's that?
UNK: Walt Shaw : His kid was killed in an accident. She was 10.
UNK: Walt Shaw : After that, he finally gave in to his love affair with the bottle.
Beckett : We see that you still had him on the payroll.
UNK: Walt Shaw : He did the occasional human interest story for our lifestyle section.
UNK: A waste of his talent,
UNK: Walt Shaw : but it let him make rent, keep his insurance.
Beckett : Mr. Shaw, was he working on anything recently?
UNK: Walt Shaw : Just a puff piece I'd assigned him last week.
Castle : About what?
UNK: Walt Shaw : The pizza wars. You know, those Authentic Amazing Terrific guys
UNK: Walt Shaw : always fighting over which one's the best.
UNK: It wasn't Afghanistan, but Gordon was Gordon.
UNK: He called a few days ago and said it was much bigger than I thought.
Beckett : Bigger how?
UNK: Walt Shaw : He didn't say. But I mean, it's pizza wars.
UNK: Walt Shaw : How big could it be?
Castle : Big enough to kill for.
Beckett : Let's dig deeper into all of the Nicks,
Beckett : Terrific, Authentic, and otherwise.
Beckett : And let's also run background checks on all of their employees.
Beckett : You know, this guy survived Afghanistan,
UNK: the invasion of Iraq, even Tiananmen Square.
Castle : To be killed doing a puff piece on pizza?
Esposito : It's like being a cop, bro.
UNK: You survive a firefight with a dozen armed gangbangers
UNK: only to be hit by a car while writing a speeding ticket on the LIE.
UNK: Hey. Ran a trace on Burns' missing phone.
UNK: It's either out of battery or turned off.
UNK: All right. Run LUDs and financials.
UNK: I want to find out where he was and what he was doing last night.
UNK: All Right. Run Leds And Financials And Find Out Where He Was And What He Was Doing Last Night. Ryan : On it.
Castle : This has to be about something bigger than who has the best pizza.
UNK: Burns probably had notes and drafts of his story in his apartment.
UNK: If we can find them, we can figure out what he was up to last night.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : Door's been kicked open.
Esposito : Room's clear.
UNK: This place is trashed.
UNK: I'm gonna check with the neighbors, see if anybody heard anything.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : These drawers have been emptied.
UNK: If there were files or notes, they're gone now.
Beckett : Well, whatever he was working on, someone didn't want us to find it.
UNK: You okay?
Castle : Yeah. No, yeah. Um.
Castle : I think I met her.
Castle : I went to a book signing of his, the one he did on the Sarajevo snipers.
Alexis : She was
Castle : coloring next to him while he was signing books.
UNK: He must've been a good writer for you to stand in line.
Castle : Yeah. He was.
UNK: Come on. Let's go get CSU.
UNK: Hey. I got something weird.
UNK: Burns' neighbor? She says she's been holding his mail for the last week.
Esposito : Apparently, Burns told her he was going out of the country for a while.
Esposito : Out of the country? We know he's been here.
UNK: That's the kind of lie that you tell people
UNK: when you don't want anyone looking for you.
Castle : And if he's been staying somewhere else
Castle : there's a chance we can still find his notes.
Beckett : Let me get a hold of his editor,
Beckett : find out where he might have been staying.
Esposito : How does a story about pizza send somebody into hiding?
Beckett : Or get them killed.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Hey, just got the CSU report back.
Ryan : The back doorknob of the pizza shop was wiped clean,
Ryan : but they did find Nick's prints all over the pizza oven.
Beckett : Well, that's to be expected. I mean, he worked there.