Beckett : Get CSU in here. Sweep the area.
Beckett : If anyone saw anything I want to know.
Beckett : Looks like your Ahab found his white whale.
Castle : And it took him under.
Alexis : Hi, Dad. Bye, Dad.
Castle : What, no kiss?
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Alexis, what happened to your face?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: That's not nothing. What happened?
UNK: Lauren.
Alexis : She cornered me in the bathrooms at school.
UNK: Said I ruined her party.
Alexis : And then she accused me of hacking into her account
Alexis : and deleting those pictures she took. As if!
Castle : And then what happened?
Alexis : Well, I called her a backstabber. And then she scratched me. So I...
Beckett : You what?
Alexis : I punched her.
Castle : - What were you thinking? - I don't know.
Alexis : This isn't me. I don't crash parties, I don't get in fights with people.
Alexis : But, Dad, she made me so angry.
Castle : I know she did, but retaliation is not the answer.
Castle : You get her back, she gets you back,
Castle : and then one day one of you ends up dead in a pizza oven.
Castle : Is that what you want?
UNK: Look, the point is, you're gonna have to deal with mean,
Castle : backstabbing girls your whole life.
UNK: You need to learn to be smart enough to rise above.
UNK: Okay?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Come here.
UNK: Did you kick her ass?
UNK: I kind of did.
Castle : Good girl.
Castle : I should have gotten involved much earlier.
UNK: Why? Lauren would've still found a way to make Alexis' life miserable.
UNK: Lauren isn't a criminal mastermind. She's just a teenager.
Becektt : Castle, never underestimate the power of a woman on a mission.
Castle : No, I don't. And I have the alimony checks to prove it.
UNK: Beckett, just hung up with the lab.
UNK: The trace heroin from the processing house?
UNK: It matches most of the dope being peddled on the Lower East.
Montgomery : Any word on this Harley?
UNK: Sir, if half of the rumors about this guy are true,
UNK: then he's got snitches all over the force,
UNK: so I was thinking on holding off on an APB until we knew more.
Montgomery : - Keep me posted. - Yes, sir.
Castle : You know, Shaw said
UNK: that Cavallo was using legitimate businesses to distribute product.
Castle : You think he could be operating out of one of the Nicks?
Beckett : Yeah, but I can't get a warrant for a fishing expedition.
UNK: I'm gonna have to have something more concrete.
Esposito : Yo, CSU swept the tenement basement top to bottom.
UNK: There's not one print anywhere.
Beckett : Any witnesses see Burns getting chased?
UNK: In that neighborhood, nobody sees nothing.
UNK: But one of our uniforms
UNK: did find this in a storm drain near the ATM.
Beckett : Burns' phone?
Castle : Does it strike anyone else as strange
Castle : that a seasoned war correspondent
Castle : would suddenly develop butter fingers?
Castle : Drop his phone while being chased?
UNK: You think he purposefully dropped it?
UNK: So that whoever chasing him wouldn't get his phone?
Beckett : Or what was on it.
Beckett : The last call he made was 911.
UNK: And he didn't press "send."
Castle : Outside the drug lab.
Castle : He was casing the joint.
Beckett : That's Monica.
Beckett : She's involved.
Beckett : Monica Wyatt, NYPD! Open up!
UNK: Monica!
UNK: Step back! NYPD!
UNK: Monica!
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He tried to kill me!
UNK: Window. Let's go.
Castle : Monica, who did this to you?
UNK: If I tell you that, I'm dead.
UNK: I think we're past that. Who did it?