Ryan : These prints belong to his neighbor across the street.
Castle : Terrific Authentic Nick.
Beckett : So, Nick, or should I say Sal, know this guy?
UNK: Yeah, I know him.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : That's the reporter doing the story on us.
Beckett : And what did the two of you talk about?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Who's the real Nick?
UNK: And I told him about my grampa Nick,
UNK: and how he was an "authentic" Ellis Island immigrant,
UNK: who was flipping his "terrific" dough on Mott Street the very day he arrived.
Castle : What else?
UNK: Sal Malvolta : That's it. Why?
UNK: Just doesn't seem like a good enough reason to kill.
UNK: Kill?
Beckett : We found your fingerprints, Sal. All over the oven.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : You found my prints?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So why don't we back up and you tell us why you killed Burns?
Castle : And this time, hold the extra cheese.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I can explain.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I was there.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : But I didn't kill nobody.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Ralph thought I was soaping his sauce,
UNK: Sal Malavolta : so he broke into my place
UNK: and took all the breakers out of my electrical panel.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Now, he's always bragging about his oven, so I thought I'd...
Castle : Put a body in it.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : No, steal it.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I went over there a couple of nights ago
UNK: to see what I'd need to get it out.
Beckett : You're kidding me, right?
UNK: I was in O'Meary's on Staten Island last night.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Till closing, okay? It was dart night. I took third place.
UNK: You want to look at somebody, look at Ralph.
Beckett : Why Ralph?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : What, you think he makes that money with his crappy pizza?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : He's connected. That's why I left.
UNK: All he cares about is laundering money for his wise guy pals.
Castle : You didn't happen to mention this to Burns, did you?
UNK: Sam Malavolta : As a matter of fact, I did.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : Money laundering? Whoa.
Beckett : We ran you through the federal database.
Beckett : We know about the FBI investigation in the '90s
UNK: and about your connection to the Spolano crime family.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : My connection?
UNK: He's my second cousin once removed.
UNK: I see him at Thanksgiving once every five years.
UNK: And the feds never found anything.
Beckett : The feds didn't, but maybe Burns did.
UNK: So what happened, Ralph?
UNK: Did he threaten to expose you?
UNK: You make him disappear,
UNK: until your kid showed up before that oven you're so proud of
UNK: could finish its job?
UNK: I make my money with my pizza.
UNK: You want to look at my books, go ahead.
UNK: You're gonna find exactly the same thing the feds found.
UNK: Nada! Zip! Zilch!
UNK: Sal put yous two up to this, right?
UNK: Sal's the one who brought the feds in in the first place,
UNK: trying to shut me down.
UNK: You should be looking at him.
Beckett : Sal had an alibi for last night.
Beckett : What about you, Mr. Carbone?
UNK: Ralph Carbone : I'm at home in bed. You could ask my wife.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : And that reporter, all he asked me about was pizza.
Castle : That guy is guilty of something.
Becektt : Not until we have proof.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, any luck on where our victim was last night?
UNK: We're still waiting for info from his bank.
Ryan : But I got his LUDs.
Ryan : Nothing last night
Ryan : and only a few calls to his editor in the previous days.
Castle : A reporter chasing down a story? No, there should be dozens of calls.
Beckett : Well, maybe he was making them from wherever he was staying.
UNK: Any leads on the girl in the photo?
Ryan : No, but I got in touch with Burns' ex in Portland.
UNK: They hadn't seen each other in years.
UNK: Yo. Pay dirt!
UNK: I canvassed Burns' building.
UNK: At first it was all, "He's so quiet. He just keeps to himself."
Esposito : But this other neighbor, who just came home,
Esposito : said that she saw Burns and another guy
UNK: having a knock-down-drag-out yelling match just before he left.
Castle : About what?
Esposito : All she remembers is the other guy yelling,
Esposito : "If you try to print that, I swear to God, I'll kill you!"
Beckett : Did you get a description?
Esposito : I'll give you a hint. He's authentic.
Esposito : And terrific.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : So me and Burns argued. So what? It's a free country.
UNK: Free speech doesn't cover death threats, Mr. Sabalini.
Castle : Or murder.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : I told you, I was home last night.
UNK: Yeah, you did. But your wife tells us a different story.
Castle : It seems she remembers you sneaking out before midnight,
Castle : after you thought she was asleep.
UNK: She told us you were off to see
UNK: "That whore mistress of his over in Flatbush."
UNK: And when she confronted you about it this morning,
UNK: you told her that you went into the city
UNK: because the store alarm was going off.
Castle : We checked.
Beckett : It wasn't.
Beckett : So who are you lying to, Luca? Me, or your wife?
UNK: Ralph Carbone : My wife.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : I was with Angie last night. You can ask her.
UNK: I could, but it doesn't mean I'm gonna believe her.
Beckett : What were you and Burns fighting about?
Esposito : He was going to write something about me.
UNK: Destroy everything I've worked for. I had to stop him.
Beckett : And what was he going to write?
UNK: Luca Sabalini : About my pizza.
UNK: About what makes my fat-free pizza taste so good.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : It's made with real cheese. There's nothing fat-free about it.
Castle : You were going to kill for that?