UNK: Luca Sabalini : It's an expression!
UNK: Luca Sabalini : Besides, Burns called me last night.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He said he'd consider not running it if I'd do him a favor.
Castle : What favor?
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He didn't say what.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He was supposed to stop by today to talk about it.
UNK: You said that he called you yesterday? From where?
UNK: Okay, got it.
UNK: The incoming call on his cell was from the Hotel Beta in Midtown.
Beckett : All right. Let's go.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Paid in cash. Signed in under the name Melville.
UNK: This guy's definitely flying under the radar.
UNK: Castle, there's his computer.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : "New York's Authentic Terrific Pizza Wars."
Castle : Sharp narration, delicate prose...
UNK: This is not an exposé.
Beckett : It's a puff piece.
UNK: I can practically smell the garlic,
Castle : but there's nothing in there that's about anything heavier than pizza.
Beckett : Or what got him killed.
Castle : His most recent notes. Pizza. Recipes. Inter...
UNK: What?
Beckett : Look at that.
Beckett : That's last night.
Beckett : He was meeting with someone.
Castle : Someone from that phone number. Just before he was killed.
UNK: I'm gonna run that down.
Castle : You have an app for that?
Beckett : Yeah, NYPD issue. We just got it.
Castle : - Can I... - Whoa.
Castle : Fine. Then you don't get to play my Angry Birds.
UNK: And they just came out with a new one.
UNK: Johnny Farrell. Swede Andersen.
UNK: How do I know those names?
Beckett : I don't know. But recognize this person?
Castle : That's the woman from Burns' wallet.
Beckett : Bingo. Monica Wyatt.
Beckett : And if she met with him last night,
UNK: she might be the last person to have seen him alive.
Castle : I wonder if they went out for pizza.
Beckett : Little upscale for the pizza world.
UNK: Unless she's a middleman.
Castle : For the money laundering operation.
UNK: She transfers the assets out of country into Swiss bank accounts
Castle : using the names Johnny Farrell and Swede Andersen.
UNK: Or she's just a real estate agent as she claims to be.
UNK: That's just her cover to avoid scrutiny of the feds.
Beckett : You had a lot of imaginary friends growing up, didn't you?
Castle : Still do.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Hi. Can I help you?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I can't believe he still had this.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He actually took this on our first date.
Beckett : And how long were the two of you together?
UNK: Just a couple of months, but...
UNK: Monica Wyatt : God, this had to be three years ago.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I saw him once or twice after his daughter's accident.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He was different.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : It's like he just drifted away.
Castle : What made you see him last night?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I didn't see him last night.
Beckett : Well, according to his notes, he met up with you at 10 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Well, that wasn't a meeting. That was a date.
UNK: But he didn't show.
UNK: You said you hadn't seen him in years.
UNK: How did you end up on a date?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : We bumped into each other on the street the other day.
UNK: It was weird, because it was in the Village and I never go down there.
UNK: And he said he doesn't go down there either,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : but he was working on a story.
Beckett : Did he tell you what it was about?
UNK: No.
Castle : How did he seem? Worried? Distressed?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He seemed like himself.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Like his old self, like he was onto something.
UNK: He'd just come from the Hall of Records,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : and whatever he found he was really excited about.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : The Hall of Records?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Ms. Wyatt, do the names Johnny Farrell or Swede Andersen
Castle : mean anything to you?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I can't say they do.
Beckett : Monica Wyatt checks.
Beckett : Her brokerage house says that she complains about commissions
UNK: more than they'd like, but other than that, she's clean.
UNK: You find anything else in there?
UNK: Nope. The rest is just pizza.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: I just got through Burns' financials.
Beckett : Any activity last night?
UNK: Yeah, something odd.
UNK: At 11 : 15 p.m., he used his ATM card.
UNK: Where?
UNK: A not-so-good neighborhood about 15 blocks away from Authentic Nick's.
UNK: But here's the odd part.
UNK: He never finished the transaction.
UNK: You mean he canceled it?
Ryan : No, no. He never finished it.
Ryan : He popped in his ATM card, but then after about a minute of inactivity
Ryan : it ate his card.
UNK: It's almost as if...
Castle : Something happened.
Beckett : Get ATM surveillance. Let's find out what.
UNK: I'm gonna go to the Hall of Records tomorrow morning.
UNK: See if we can figure out what Burns was up to.
UNK: Things happen. How could he let her do it?
UNK: Well...
Castle : What happened?
Martha : Alexis decided to crash Lauren's party,
UNK: against our better judgment.
UNK: And I take it that the party crashing didn't go so well?