Beckett : Harley Romero, aka the legendary Cavallo.
UNK: He won't talk without a lawyer.
Montgomery : With the evidence from the ATM video and Sal's testimony,
Montgomery : he's going to need one.
Castle : You know, it's brilliant when you think about it.
Castle : The unassuming middleman does all the dirty work
Castle : while everyone stays busy looking for the menacing, mythic overlord.
Beckett : Who no one ever meets, because he's not really real.
UNK: Well, real or not, he's going away for a long time.
Montomgery : Good work.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Narcotics just finished with Monica Wyatt.
Ryan : She cooperated fully.
Beckett : Okay. Process her out.
UNK: And put a patrol car outside her building for the next few nights.
UNK: Just in case Cavallo has friends.
Beckett : What's up?
UNK: I was just thinking about Burns.
Castle : How close he came to catching the guy who killed his daughter,
Castle : only to come up short.
Beckett : Well, if it's any consolation, there's justice now.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: - You know what's still bugging me? - Hmm?
UNK: The guy is running for his life.
UNK: Why does he ditch his phone?
Beckett : Well, he probably knew that he was going to get killed
UNK: and he wanted at least someone to know the truth.
Castle : What truth?
Castle : It wasn't like there was a picture of Cavallo on it.
UNK: No. You're right. The only person he had
UNK: a picture of was...
Beckett : Just a few more questions, Ms. Wyatt.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I've been waiting over an hour.
Beckett : You know the funny thing about this case
Beckett : is that nobody is who they claim to be.
Beckett : Not even you.
UNK: Monica Wyatt. It says here you moved to New York in 2002 from LA.
Beckett : Yeah, so?
Beckett : So we did a little bit of digging.
Beckett : And the only Monica Wyatt that we found was a heroin addict,
UNK: who was shot point-blank, and then dumped in the LA River.
Castle : Six months later,
UNK: word of a new and brutal kingpin started sweeping the streets.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : And you're saying that's me?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I'm a real estate agent. Have you seen my apartment?
Beckett : Yeah, we saw that one.
Beckett : But all of the other ones can only be previewed online.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : What are you talking about?
Beckett : Your apartment sales. To Walter Neff, Frank Chambers, Richard Harland.
Beckett : They're all characters from noir films.
Beckett : They aren't real.
UNK: You made millions in heroin holdings,
Beckett : which you turned into millions in real estate holdings.
Beckett : All clean.
Castle : All the while perpetuating the myth of Cavallo.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Gordon didn't die chasing a myth.
Beckett : Oh, yeah, Gordon.
UNK: Well, there's something that you didn't completely lie about.
Beckett : You did meet him a couple of years ago.
UNK: But not as a boyfriend.
UNK: He was a pain-in-the-ass reporter that just kept getting a little too close.
UNK: Until a car came out of nowhere
Castle : and killed his daughter.
Beckett : That got him out of your hair for a couple of years,
Beckett : but then he caught your scent again at Nick's Pizza.
Castle : And that forced you to get rid of him permanently.
Castle : And then you fed us Harley,
Castle : the sacrificial lamb to throw us off your trail.
UNK: Harley attacked me.
Beckett : Oh, yeah, and then he managed to run down the fire escape
Beckett : with such incredible speed
Beckett : that two of New York's finest detectives
Beckett : were incapable of seeing him, never mind catching him.
UNK: Beating yourself up.
UNK: It was a nice touch.
UNK: You know what I just realized.
UNK: All those noir films that Cavallo draws his names from?
UNK: They all have one thing in common.
UNK: A femme fatale.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I'd like my lawyer now.
Castle : Ah! Great.
Castle : You're still up.
Alexis : Couldn't sleep if I wanted to.
UNK: That makes two of us.
UNK: - Is that from Stephano's? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You went all the way across the bridge for a pizza?
UNK: Not for just anyone.
Castle : Fresh basil and sausage.
UNK: Any updates on...
UNK: Nick Jr. : Uh... Um...
Alexis : I called a mediation session with our school counselor today.
Alexis : And it turns out
Alexis : Lauren was just jealous of all the time I was spending with Ashley.
UNK: She thought I had ditched our friendship.
UNK: So what'd you do?
UNK: We hugged it out.
UNK: And now you're friends again?
UNK: It's too soon to tell.
Castle : Hurts like these
UNK: take time to heal.
UNK: Time.
Alexis : And pizza.
Beckett : Look at that.
Castle : - Cheers. - Cheers.