Beckett : between the two of them. And then,
Beckett : three days before his death, right when he got that suit to function,
Beckett : there were only incoming calls from her.
Beckett : Will wasn't answering.
Castle : And right after Will was murdered, she stops calling.
Castle : Almost as if she knew he was dead.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I called the university.
UNK: Guess who canceled her class the night Will was killed?
Donna : What's going on here? This is a private office.
Beckett : Which belongs to the university.
Beckett : The dean gave us permission to search it as a part of our investigation.
Donna : Wait, you think I had something to do with Will's death?
Beckett : Donna, you missed your class the night that he was killed.
Beckett : Where were you?
Donna : At home with a cold.
Donna : I never would have hurt Will. I loved him.
Beckett : You loved him, but then he betrayed you.
UNK: That must have made you angry,
Castle : to find out that he was just using you for your research.
Donna : That's not true.
Beckett : That was the second time that he left you,
Beckett : and you couldn't live with the embarrassment.
Donna : This is ridiculous.
UNK: I'm not gonna stand here and let you accuse me of killing my boyfriend.
Beckett : Donna, that was you in the suit in the apartment with us.
UNK: That's the same suit that you used to kill Will.
Beckett : You found out about his project,
Beckett : and before he could destroy it,
Beckett : you used his own creation against him.
Donna : What suit? What are you talking about?
Castle : The suit you wore when you went after Will's key card
Castle : and you got my credit card instead.
Castle : Just found it buried in the back of your drawer.
Castle : Thank you for that, by the way. I forgot to cancel this.
UNK: That could be such a pain.
Donna : What was I supposed to do? Let him get away with it?
Donna : He stopped calling. Stopped texting.
Donna : He used me!
Donna : And then pretended like I didn't exist.
Donna : He wanted me to just disappear from his life.
Donna : So I did.
Donna : And he never saw me coming.
Esposito : Donna Brooks, you're under arrest...
Beckett : You go. Okay!
UNK: Okay, I'll get this.
Castle : Her backpack and clothes. She's wearing the suit.
Beckett : Castle, block the door.
Castle : All right.
UNK: She's not slipping past this time.
Beckett : Donna, there's nowhere to go!
UNK: Yeah, I got you now.
UNK: I so missed these mind-melds.