Beckett : Just walk out on its own?
Castle : No, it didn't walk out on its own.
Castle : Beckett, you were right.
UNK: Killer wasn't the Devil. The Devil doesn't need to dispose of evidence.
UNK: Clearly.
Castle : Clearly is the perfect word.
Castle : Because clearly our killer is the Invisible Man.
Castle : You collapsed the foam.
Beckett : So, I called Will's place to pull security cam footage from the hallway again,
Beckett : and all the files have been erased.
Beckett : The doorman swears that no one has been in the security room
Beckett : since NYPD left the crime scene.
Castle : No one, or someone he couldn't see?
Castle : Beckett, it fits all the facts.
Castle : The attack on Talmadge by an unseen force,
Castle : the missing evidence, the haunted cue ball.
Castle : Even Will's murder.
Beckett : Castle, stop! There is no such thing as the Invisible Man.
UNK: But something's going on, and Will is at the center of it.
Beckett : - Hey, Espo! - Yo.
Beckett : What else have we found on Will Fairwick?
Esposito : Well, Ryan's still trying to get in touch with his employer,
Ryan : Greenblatt Insurance,
UNK: and Tory's in there trying to crack his electronics.
Esposito : Apparently, Will had some heavy encryption on his hardware.
Castle : That seems a little unnecessary
Castle : for someone in the insurance industry.
Esposito : Yeah, but I just got his phone records from his wireless carrier.
Esposito : And dude didn't talk much, except to this one number, right here.
Esposito : He traded dozens of calls with it over the past six weeks,
Esposito : and he didn't ever call it before then.
Castle : Looks like they spoke nearly every day.
Beckett : Who owns that number?
Esposito : It's registered to a Ms. Donna Brooks.
UNK: Says here that she's a marine biology professor at Hudson U.
Beckett : What's he doing, talking to a biology professor?
UNK: I hadn't heard from him in a few days.
UNK: Donna Brooks : I was worried, but I never imagined this.
UNK: Donna Brooks : I can't believe he's dead.
Beckett : Donna, I know this is hard, but how do you know Will?
Donna : Um, I guess you could say we were dating.
Donna : He reached out on Facebook a couple months ago.
Donna : I hadn't seen him since we first dated, back at MIT.
Castle : An anarchist pool shark attended MIT?
Donna : He was always a rebel, and the smartest student in our class.
Beckett : Why did he get back in touch?
Donna : Will dropped out after only a semester,
Donna : so he wanted to talk about finishing his degree,
Donna : enrolling here at Hudson.
Donna : It was crazy. After all that time,
Donna : the spark was still there between us.
Donna : Excuse me, cuttlefish don't like that.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Did he ever mention the name Tom Talmadge?
Esposito : Uh, no. Not that I remember.
Beckett : And was there anything out of the ordinary going on in Will's life?
Castle : Like way, way, way out of the ordinary?
UNK: Yeah, there was.
Donna : Will started acting paranoid last week.
Donna : We went to dinner, and he would only take a table facing the door.
Donna : He said he thought he was being watched.
Beckett : By who?
UNK: He would only say "by them." I thought he was imagining it.
Donna : I told him he needed to get help so it didn't become MIT all over again.
Castle : What happened at MIT?
Donna : Freshman year, Will had a breakdown.
Donna : He cracked under the pressure. That's why he left.
UNK: But if somebody killed him, then maybe he was being followed.
Beckett : Okay, here's a theory.
Beckett : What if Will had another breakdown?
Beckett : What if he imagined that the Devil was after him,
Beckett : and in his delusional state,
Beckett : he smashed up his apartment and impaled himself?
Beckett : I mean, I've seen guys on PCP do much worse.
Castle : Well, that still doesn't explain the attack on Talmadge,
Castle : the magical pool shot, or all the disappearing evidence.
Castle : No, something much bigger is going on here.
Ryan : You know, I think Castle may be right.
Ryan : I finally got in touch with Greenblatt Insurance.
Ryan : They say he is on the payroll, but as a remote employee.
Ryan : Greenblatt's only office is in Chicago, and Will's never been there.
Castle : But his neighbor said he saw him going to work every day.
Ryan : Yep. And his Greenblatt key card was with his house keys,
Ryan : and all scratched up. Worn.
Castle : So if Greenblatt doesn't have a New York office,
Castle : where was Will going every day?
Beckett : Sounds like Greenblatt Insurance is a front.
Beckett : Ryan, where is this key card now?
Ryan : Back at Will's apartment.