Castle : And the pool cue we found in his chest.
UNK: Fats Shepherd : Yeah, Will worked my tables.
UNK: He was the best I ever seen. Knew all the angles.
Beckett : Anyone he took for money ever have a problem with him?
Shepherd : Sure, but Will mostly hustled Wall Street tools for 10 bills a game.
Shepherd : Losing a grand here and there is chump change for them.
Shepherd : None of those guys would ever kill Will over a bet.
Castle : But there are guys that would?
Shepherd : Will always worked the upscale clubs like mine, where it's safe
Shepherd : to take money off the clientele.
UNK: But recently I'd heard that he started hustling out in Brooklyn,
UNK: at O'Neill's.
Shepherd : That place is full of felons and lowlifes.
Beckett : Any idea why he decided to move his game up there?
Shepherd : Well, it wasn't for the money. I mean, he was cleaning up here.
Esposito : But, uh...
Shepherd : What people say and do
Shepherd : doesn't always make sense.
Beckett : Mr. Shepherd?
Shepherd : No, it's probably nothing. I mean, it's stupid even.
Beckett : It's not stupid if it could help us
Beckett : fill in the blanks on Will's life.
Shepherd : I once asked him how he got to be so good.
Shepherd : He told me
Shepherd : he went down to the crossroads
Shepherd : and made a deal with the Devil for his talent.
UNK: I figured that's gotta be a joke, right?
Shepherd : But the other night, Will looked nervous.
Shepherd : I mean, downright scared.
Shepherd : So I asked him, I said, "What's going on?"
Shepherd : You know what he told me?
Castle : No. But I want to know.
Shepherd : He said it wasn't a joke.
Shepherd : He said his time was up.
Shepherd : That he was about to lose his soul.
UNK: Well, like I said, though, uh...
Shepherd : Stupid, right?
Beckett : Espo's got something for us at the precinct.
Castle : A guy says he's gonna lose his soul,
Castle : and then he does? How creepy is that?
UNK: The guy was hustling felons and he got himself killed.
Beckett : That's not creepy, that's probable cause.
Beckett : Anything on our vic's employer?
Ryan : Uh, yeah. I got a 1-800 number for Greenblatt Insurance,
Ryan : but they're closed until tomorrow.
UNK: Can you stop by O'Neill's bar in Brooklyn on your way home?
Beckett : Ask around about the vic? Uh...
UNK: Well, unless Jenny needs you.
Ryan : No. All good.
UNK: Espo, what have we got?
Esposito : I pulled security footage from Will's building.
Esposito : There's a security camera in the elevator area
Esposito : slightly angled towards Will's apartment.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I was able to magnify the footage.
Beckett : Great. Then we should be able to pull an image
Beckett : of our killer leaving the apartment.
UNK: We should, yeah, but watch.
Esposito : This is a minute before the 911 call.
Tory : And this is minutes later.
Esposito : The door opens and closes on its own.
Esposito : And then no one enters or exits
Beckett : the apartment until police arrive.
Esposito : And all the windows were locked from the inside.
Beckett : That's impossible.
Beckett : The killer had to get in and out somehow.
Castle : Uh, can you play that again?
Castle : There's your killer, right there. Don't you see?
Castle : Will made a deal with the Devil and the contract was up.
Castle : So it was time to pay.
Castle : The Devil came and got his due.
Beckett : Really? That's how the Devil is gonna kill someone?
Beckett : Using a broken pool stick?
UNK: Or perhaps the Prince of Darkness is trying to make a point.
Castle : You live by the cue, you die by the cue.
UNK: I thought he usually just released the hellhounds.
Castle : All right, then how do you explain what we just saw back there?
UNK: Easy.
Beckett : Will didn't close the door all the way when he came back in.
Beckett : Our window was open, the killer came through it,
Beckett : and this huge gust of wind forced the door open,
UNK: and then shut when they left.
Castle : But Esposito said all the windows were locked from the inside.
Beckett : Our killer's a pro. He knows how to reset interior locks.
UNK: Except Will lives on the 19th floor. With no fire escape.
Beckett : Come on, Castle.
Beckett : You know that there are plenty of ways
Beckett : to access windows on high-level floors
Beckett : without a fire escape.
Castle : Yes. If you're Spider-Man.
Beckett : Our killer's not Spider-Man.
UNK: Agreed. Because it's the Devil.
Beckett : The only place that we're gonna find
Beckett : the Devil in this case is in the details.
Beckett : Once we find out more about Will's life,
Beckett : then we will uncover who his earthbound enemy is.
UNK: Tomorrow.
Castle : Tonight I have something I'd like to uncover
Castle : back at home.
Castle : Don't answer that.
Castle : Don't. Don't even. Don't look at it. Don't answer it.
Beckett : Just hold on. Don't pick it up.
Castle : You picked it up.
UNK: Beckett. Oh, Lanie, yes.
UNK: Lanie!
Beckett : Okay, I'll be right there.
Lanie : On closer examination of the body,
Lanie : I found multiple stress fractures here,
Lanie : on the victim's left wrist.
Beckett : From what?
UNK: Well, they're consistent with flexion, extension and hyperextension.
UNK: As a left-handed person would experience if...
UNK: They grabbed a pool cue and smashed everything to bits.
UNK: So, Will's left-handed.
Beckett : Are you saying that Will destroyed his own apartment?
UNK: Wow.
Castle : Swinging a pool cue blindly to defend himself?
Castle : I'm telling you, it makes perfect sense!
Castle : What would you do if you were attacked
Castle : by an invisible, demonic force?
Beckett : I'd tell Ryan to lay off the bean burritos at lunch.
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan.
Ryan : So, you were right.
Ryan : Will's troubles may have followed him home from O'Neill's pool hall.
Ryan : I spoke with several witnesses,
UNK: who said that he got into an altercation there last week
Ryan : with an ex-con named Jiggy Michaels.
Beckett : How serious was the altercation?