UNK: Mmm.
Esposito : It would be cool, the power of invisibility.
Ryan : I would so sneak into Area 51. You?
Esposito : Super Bowl. Fifty-yard line.
Esposito : Best seat in the...
Esposito : Hey, what's that on your neck?
Castle : Is that... Is that body glitter?
Esposito : Is that a scratch?
Ryan : No, it's nothing.
Esposito : Married women don't wear body glitter.
Shepherd : What's going on? You stepping out on Jenny?
UNK: Wait... What? No.
Esposito : She's the mother of your kid.
Ryan : I am doing this for my kid.
UNK: Oh, come on!
UNK: Do you realize how much it's gonna cost us to send Sarah Grace to college?
Ryan : A quarter of a million dollars. That's for a state school.
UNK: Oh, uh, I... Got a second job working nights.
Beckett : Doing what?
Ryan : Bouncing at a club.
Esposito : Where they use body glitter?
Esposito : It's a gentleman's club.
Esposito : Is it Bottoms Up?
Esposito : Pole Position? No, no, no. Landing Strip.
UNK: Men-hattan.
UNK: What?
UNK: Men-hattan.
UNK: Men-hattan?
Esposito : You got a job protecting male strippers?
UNK: Henry Wright : Oh, my God!
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : It's no joke. It's more dangerous than this job.
Ryan : Those women, they rush the stage like these are the last men on the planet.
UNK: I have bruises that I can't explain. Ladies be crazy, Javi.
Tory : The card's RFID architecture is like nothing I've ever seen.
Beckett : Yeah, but there's got to be something
Beckett : else that you can tell us about it.
UNK: I can tell you this. It's not commercially manufactured.
UNK: Well, how did anarchy boy get it then?
Tory : I don't know, and I'm afraid there's no way to find out.
Tory : This thing was designed to be untraceable.
Beckett : Maybe the card was. But this wasn't.
UNK: "Proudly made in the USA by Advantus Apparel."
Castle : So, wait, I'm sponsoring the precinct softball team?
Beckett : Yeah, it was the only way
UNK: that I could get Advantus Apparel
Beckett : to share their client list with us.
Beckett : Now, they said that they shipped the Greenblatt order
Beckett : to this office four years ago.
Castle : What is this place?
Jiggy : I don't know.
Beckett : This whole floor is unlisted.
UNK: I think it's a secret laboratory
Castle : where they're injecting human guinea pigs with invisibility serum.
UNK: Well, whatever it is, killer definitely didn't want us to find it.
Receptionist : Oh, hello there.
Castle : I'm betting this isn't Greenblatt Insurance.
Beckett : Hi, I'm Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : We were wondering if a William Fairwick is an employee here.
Receptionist : Let me get someone to assist you.
UNK: And what kind of business is this exactly?
Receptionist : It'll be just a moment.
Receptionist : I love that jacket.
UNK: Hands! Show me your hands!
UNK: Head Of Security : Your credentials check out.
UNK: Head Of Security : If you and Mr. Castle vacate the premises immediately,
UNK: Head Of Security : we will refrain from filing federal trespassing charges.
Beckett : I'm sorry, we're investigating a homicide.
Beckett : We're not leaving without answers.
Castle : Uh, Federal charges?
UNK: It's a top-secret government facility.
Castle : I was right. Invisibility serum.
UNK: Head Of Security : What did you say?
UNK: I said I was right.
UNK: Head Of Security : Copy that, ma'am.