Ryan : Well, Jiggy smashed a beer bottle, threatened to kill him.
Ryan : Several people had to hold him back.
Castle : That qualifies as serious.
Ryan : Apparently, Will hustled him out of 20 grand.
UNK: That's the exact same amount of money we found at his apartment.
Ryan : Plus, Jiggy has over a dozen priors, including multiple B and E's.
Ryan : He can get in and out undetected. They call him "The Ghost."
UNK: Wow. A real-world killer who can get in and out undetected.
Beckett : Now that makes perfect sense.
UNK: Jiggy Michaels : I want a lawyer.
Jiggy : This ain't my first rodeo.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Well, that is too bad, because a lawyer is gonna tell you not to talk.
UNK: Then how are you gonna explain to a grand jury
Esposito : that you threatened to kill a guy who hustled you,
Esposito : and then three days later he ended up dead?
UNK: As a second-story man for several crime outfits,
Ryan : you knew how to break into Fairwick's place.
Ryan : But when you couldn't find your money,
Ryan : you settled on revenge instead.
Esposito : Now, we've got a taxi receipt dropping you off at Chelsea last night,
Esposito : three blocks from Will's apartment.
Esposito : That's a long way from your place in Cypress Hills, Jiggy.
Jiggy : My boyfriend lives in Chelsea. I was with him all night.
Jiggy : And Will didn't hustle me, he cheated me.
UNK: Half a game in, that Cujo bet me double or nothing,
UNK: and cleared the rest of the table with a single shot.
Ryan : What are you talking about?
Jiggy : It was like that cue ball was possessed or something.
Jiggy : No one is that good or that lucky, so yeah, I got pissed.
Jiggy : But I didn't kill the guy. In fact,
Jiggy : Will tracked me down the next day
Jiggy : and offered to give the money back.
UNK: Really? Hmm.
UNK: He was just gonna pay you back $20,000,
Esposito : what, out of the kindness of his heart?
Jiggy : In exchange for some knowledge.
Ryan : That's some expensive knowledge. What'd you do for him?
Jiggy : I didn't do anything. We just talked.
Esposito : So what did Will want to know?
Jiggy : He wanted me to case a brownstone on the Upper East Side.
Ryan : That sounds like more than talking.
Jiggy : I don't do that stuff anymore.
Jiggy : Will just asked how he could break in himself.
Esposito : Why? What was so special about that brownstone?
Jiggy : I don't know, but it wasn't going to be easy.
UNK: I mean, place had the works.
Jiggy : Motion detectors, pressure and thermal sensors.
Jiggy : You'd have to be nuts to try to go in there.
UNK: What do you say that we forget
Esposito : that you were acting like the Wikipedia of B and E's?
Ryan : And you give us the address of that brownstone.
Beckett : There was a break-in at 39 East 70th Street earlier this week.
Beckett : And the owner, Tom Talmadge, was assaulted.
Beckett : Tom Talmadge?
UNK: He's the founder of that rideshare service, Hytch.
UNK: What, those stupid cars with the thumbs on the roof?
Castle : Laugh all you want. That app made him a billionaire.
Ryan : What's Will doing, breaking into a billionaire's house?
Jiggy : I don't know, but here's the weird thing.
Beckett : Tom was hospitalized and he refused to give a description of the attacker.
Castle : Can't be a coincidence that Will shows up dead a few days later.
Beckett : No, he's hiding something.
UNK: Tom Talmadge : I already told the other cops. I don't want to give a statement.
Beckett : Mr. Talmadge, what's your relationship to William Fairwick?
Tom : I don't know who that is.
Beckett : Mr. Talmadge, your reaction says otherwise.
Beckett : Was he your attacker?
Tom : I'm not giving a statement.
Castle : Given that Mr. Fairwick was murdered,
Castle : you might want to rethink that.
UNK: Murdered?
Tom : Look, if you're implying that I had something to do with it...
Beckett : Well, why else would you refuse to answer the question?
Tom : Because you won't believe me anyway.
Tom : It'll sound crazy.
Castle : You wouldn't believe the crazy things we've heard.
Castle : Try us.
Tom : I'd gotten home early. Cracked a beer.
Tom : But before I could settle in, I had this feeling like I was being watched.
Tom : Then, out of nowhere, something threw me to the ground.
UNK: Wait, "something"?
Beckett : You mean him, right?
Tom : No. I mean something. Some force.
Tom : I could feel it on top of me,
Tom : suffocating me, but there was nothing there.
UNK: I must've blacked out for a second, and when I came to,
Tom : that guy was standing over me, screaming,
UNK: "Stop it! You're killing him! This wasn't the deal!"
Beckett : And who was he yelling at?
Tom : I don't know. There wasn't anybody else there.
Tom : But I think that guy, he saved my life.
UNK: This "force," what did it want?
UNK: It just seemed like it wanted me.
UNK: Okay, fine. I admit, it is weird.
UNK: But I can tell you this.
UNK: Whatever Talmadge saw, or didn't see, it wasn't the Devil.
UNK: You're right. It was probably one of his minions.
Castle : A lowly demon that Will summoned from Beelzebub
Castle : to help him get whatever it was he wanted from Talmadge.
Beckett : Demons don't need help getting past security systems,
Beckett : and the Devil doesn't need to use the door.
UNK: I'm gonna take another look at that security cam footage
Esposito : from Will's apartment.
Beckett : Where's the DVD?
Officer : What DVD?
Beckett : I put a DVD of security footage
Beckett : in this evidence box. Where is it?
Officer : If it ain't in there, you didn't put it in there.
Beckett : The hell I didn't. Who's been in here in the past two hours?
Officer : Detective, no one's been in or out of this room
Officer : since you checked that box in this morning.
Beckett : So what'd it do?