UNK: Dr. Elena Sarkov : Hello, I'm Dr. Elena Sarkov.
UNK: Dr. Elena Sarkov : What did you mean by "invisibility serum"?
Castle : I was just saying that...
UNK: Wait, Castle.
UNK: If you want answers, you're gonna have to give us some first.
Beckett : Unless you want the entire NYPD knocking on your front door.
Sarkov : What do you want to know?
Beckett : What is this place, and how is Will Fairwick connected to it?
Sarkov : Mr. Castle is correct. This is a government facility.
Castle : CIA? Homeland Security?
UNK: DARPA.
Sarkov : Something like that. Will worked here.
Sarkov : And his death was quite a loss to us.
Beckett : So you know about his murder. Now, what did he do here?
Sarkov : He was one of my scientists.
Sarkov : Quantum engineering. I recruited him out of MIT.
Beckett : Recruited? Wait, so then he never had a breakdown.
Sarkov : Cover story to avoid questions.
Castle : Quantum engineering? DARPA? You are researching invisibility.
Sarkov : No, Mr. Castle. Invisibility is science fiction.
Sarkov : Cloaking, however, is science.
Sarkov : I have answered your questions, now answer mine.
Sarkov : How did you find out about our technology?
Beckett : During our investigation, we encountered an unseen person...
Castle : Invisible person.
Ryan : At Will's apartment.
UNK: We believe this, whoever, was behind his murder.
UNK: And given the research that you're doing here,
Beckett : we believe the killer is connected to this facility.
Sarkov : It's impossible.
Beckett : We know what we saw.
Castle : Or didn't see.
Sarkov : No, it's impossible because we haven't gotten our technology to work.
Sarkov : But I think I know who did.
Beckett : The Chinese?
Sarkov : They've been pursuing the same technology.
Sarkov : We heard they were close to a breakthrough.
Beckett : Why would you suspect them?
Sarkov : Because a few days ago we suffered a crippling cyber-attack.
Sarkov : All of our data was wiped out.
Sarkov : Our team managed to trace the virus
Sarkov : to a relay station in Shanghai.
Castle : It's a suit.
Castle : How does it turn invisible?
Sarkov : By bending light waves over metamaterials.
Castle : You guys have the coolest toys.
UNK: That's what I promised Will to lure him here.
Sarkov : The opportunity to play with advanced government tech.
Sarkov : Of course, as an anarchist, he joked it was his deal with the Devil.
Beckett : If you're right, and the Chinese do have a working suit,
Beckett : why would they target Will?
Sarkov : Technology is the arms race of the 21st century.
Sarkov : And Will was the key to our research.
UNK: His death sets us back years.
Sarkov : Excuse me for just one moment.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Castle, if the Chinese are behind this,
Beckett : why would they try to stop us from taking Will's key card?
Beckett : And what do they have to do with Talmadge?
Castle : I don't think it's the Chinese.
Beckett : Why not?
UNK: Do you see that symbol there that... There.
Castle : It keeps repeating in the virus.
Castle : The one that isn't Chinese? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: It's a symbol.
Castle : Of the East Mountain Goblins from Terra Quest.
Beckett : Will's neighbor, Henry Wright.
Esposito : Unis went to Henry Wright's apartment. Found it cleaned out.
Esposito : Closet, dresser empty. Dude's gone.
Beckett : What have we found on him?
Esposito : Well, he's a serious hacker.
UNK: At 15, he cracked the city's power grid,
Esposito : didn't get scared straight until he was in his 20s.
Esposito : Now he's a sneaker,
Esposito : testing cyber defenses for Fortune 500 companies.
Beckett : Which means he had the skills necessary
Beckett : to launch a cyber-attack against Dr. Sarkov's lab.
Ryan : And he had another connection to this case.
UNK: Henry attended Caltech with, wait for it, assault victim Tom Talmadge.
Ryan : They were roommates.
Ryan : And this is the lawsuit that Henry filed against Talmadge,
Ryan : accusing him of stealing the code that he used to build Hytch.
Ryan : The court dismissed the case.
Castle : Costing Henry billions.
Castle : Sarkov said her lab hadn't cracked the cloaking technology,
Castle : but what if Will did with a little help from his neighbor, Henry?
Castle : And with a functioning suit,