UNK: Henry could have enlisted Will's help
Castle : to get revenge against Talmadge.
Ryan : But Henry still needed help defeating Talmadge's home security.
Ryan : Invisibility doesn't defeat thermal or pressure systems.
Beckett : So they hustled Jiggy while Henry
Beckett : was wearing that invisibility suit.
Beckett : Henry was the one that was moving the cue ball around the table.
Castle : And perhaps once Henry realized the power of the suit,
Castle : he set his sights on Will, making sure
Castle : that power would never be taken away.
Ryan : Okay, how do we find this kid?
Castle : We don't. The guy's a high-level hacker.
UNK: He's got a new ID and is out of the country by now.
UNK: He'll trade on his skills and live like a king.
Castle : Actually, he's already living like a king.
Castle : And that's how we're gonna find him.
UNK: Game Narrator : Welcome to Terra Quest. Adventure awaits.
Castle : All right.
Castle : The East Mountain Goblin army is attacking from the base of Mt. Orr.
Castle : Which means their king will be leading them into battle.
Castle : There he is! That's Henry.
UNK: Ooh!
Castle : Where did he get a falchion sword?
Castle : That's, like, plus 90 conquest points!
Beckett : Can you get a lock on that avatar
Beckett : and see if you can trace the location where Henry logged in?
Tory : I think so.
UNK: And I will join the battle and slow him down.
Castle : I thought underground gaming dens were just legend.
Castle : Yeah, well, I thought the Invisible Man wasn't real.
UNK: - Good job! - There he is!
Beckett : Henry, stop! Stop!
Beckett : Stop him!
UNK: Stop!
Castle : Who's got the falchion sword now?
Henry : I didn't murder Will, all right? He was my friend.
Beckett : Then why did you run, Henry?
Beckett : Look, we know that you went after Tom Talmadge,
Beckett : you were behind the cyber-attack
Beckett : that brought down a government lab.
Beckett : And then you cleaned out your apartment and you disappeared.
UNK: Because I was afraid that they would come after me next.
UNK: Who?
Henry : The same people who killed Will, all right?
Henry : If they found out that I knew...
Beckett : That you knew what?
Beckett : You helped him, didn't you?
Beckett : You helped him build a working suit.
Henry : Will came to me with an out-there idea.
UNK: And he wanted to adopt nature's camouflage to metamaterials,
UNK: but there wasn't anybody at his lab that had my program skills.
Henry : And since there was no way I was gonna get security clearance,
UNK: we worked on the down-low.
Beckett : And in exchange, you got to use the suit
Beckett : to exact your revenge against Talmadge, right?
Henry : That wasn't supposed to happen.
Henry : I was just looking for proof that Tom stole my idea for Hytch.
Beckett : Yeah, well, his broken ribs say otherwise.
Henry : I couldn't find what I needed!
Henry : And then Tom came home early.
Beckett : And I just wanted to mess with him.
Henry : But I snapped.
Henry : Will heard the struggle. He came in and he pulled me off.
Beckett : You got angry with Will for stopping you,
Beckett : so you decided to use the suit to kill him instead, right?
UNK: No! All right? We both realized that I had become Frodo,
Henry : and the suit was the one ring to rule them all.
Henry : Will knew it was too much power for anyone to have,
Henry : especially the government.
Beckett : So that was Will's Oppenheimer moment.
Beckett : The suit became the atomic bomb.
Castle : All right, it needed to be destroyed.
Henry : Cast into the fires of Mordor.
UNK: And we sabotaged the lab so that they couldn't rebuild the tech,
Henry : at least not right away.
Henry : And without the quantum cellular equations
Henry : Will derived from cephalopods,
Henry : they may never be able to.
UNK: Cephalopods. Like squids?
UNK: Actually, um, Will, he based his equations off of the cuttlefish.
UNK: Video Narrator : The cuttlefish is known as nature's king of camouflage.
Castle : And listen to this.
UNK: "The papillae of the cuttlefish are unique in their ability
UNK: "to rapidly polarize reflected light waves
UNK: "and change the creature's skin color."
Beckett : That's why Will got back in touch with Donna.
Beckett : He didn't want her. He wanted her research.
Beckett : Castle, look at Will's phone records.
Beckett : For weeks, there were phone calls going back and forth