UNK: Do you realize we're getting married in four weeks?
Monica : Four weeks, baby. Four weeks!
Chandler : Do you realize you get louder each week?
UNK: There's still so much to do! Have you written your vows yet?
UNK: I figured I'd just buy those. "Pat, I'd like to buy a vow."
UNK: You know I've no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
UNK: - Right. Have you written yours yet? - No, but I know what I'm gonna say.
UNK: Do you happen to know exactly what I'm gonna say?
UNK: Let's do it now. It won't be hard.
UNK: Say what's in your heart.
Chandler : Look at her go. She must love me more than I love her!
UNK: What's wrong with me? Don't open that door.
UNK: The One With The Vows
Chandler : There are no words! This shouldn't be this hard!
UNK: You've done this before. What did you say in your vows?
Ross : With Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die.
Ross : She made no such promise.
UNK: I'm so pathetic. Monica knows what to say. You should have seen her writing.
UNK: What's the emergency?
UNK: You have to help me. I'm supposed to write my vows and all I have is this.
UNK: I like the pretty drawing of you in the wedding dress.
UNK: Except your breasts look kind of small.
Monica : Those are my eyes!
Monica : - Those are my breasts. - Oh, yeah, okay.
UNK: Why don't you just start with something simple, like :
UNK: "Monica, from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you."
UNK: I'm not sure I can do that.
Ross : Everyone, this is Chandler.
UNK: Hi, I'm Ross' little sister.
UNK: Okay.
Rachel : Okay, okay. Maybe you could start with :
Rachel : "Chandler, even though we were friends...
Rachel : ...there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
UNK: All right, there's a nuclear holocaust. I'm the last man on earth.
Chandler : Would you go out with me?
Monica : Are we allowed to lie in the vows?
UNK: Maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then.
UNK: Just say something about all the things that he's taught you, like...
Phoebe : Or all the things you taught him.
Monica : Everybody knows the basic erogenous zones.
Monica : You got one, two, three...
UNK: ...four, five...
Monica : ...six and seven.
Chandler : There are seven?
UNK: - That's one? - Kind of an important one.
Chandler : I was looking at it upside down.
UNK: Well, you know, sometimes that helps.
UNK: Okay, now, start out with a little one...
UNK: ...a two, a one-two-three...