Foreman : The woman was getting a six-month checkup on her chin implants.
Cuddy : - I can't believe you authorized this. - Really?
UNK: It sounds exactly like something I'd do.
Cuddy : She can't have an M.R.I.
Cuddy : The C.T. scan shows she has a surgical pin in her arm.
Cuddy : The M.R.I. magnet would have ripped it out of her body.
Cuddy : You like the Alien movies?
Cuddy : You had no medical history. What were you thinking?
House : We'll surgically remove the pin, then do the M.R.I. Does that sound good?
Cuddy : She has an electrolyte imbalance.
House : Dr. Foreman, a neurologist, believes this woman has a brain tumor.
UNK: Actually, I... - Hey, don't ever apologize for a medical opinion.
UNK: If he's right and we don't do this test, the patient dies.
House : I realize that you have a specialty of your own, but does yours have anything to do with the brain?
House : His does.
UNK: Fine.
Cuddy : But nothing more until you find out who she is. - How are we supposed to...
House : Hey! He knows more homeless people than any of us.
UNK: Go check out the hood, dog.
UNK: Homeless Man : I don't know.
UNK: Homeless Man : I've seen a lot of faces around here, but I don't think I know her.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Say, I, uh, like that jacket.
Bouncer : Yeah, uh, it's all comin' to me now.
UNK: Homeless Man : I know where she keeps her stuff.
UNK: Homeless Man : Just bats.
UNK: Homeless Man : I thought the lining would be thicker.
Cameron : No tumor. Nothing. Her brain is clear.
Chase : Which means that girl had surgery just so you wouldn't get reamed out by Cuddy.
Wilson : Not necessarily. There could still be something neurological going on.
Foreman : Sure. She's not conning us. The M.R.I. is.
House : Not wearing a coat in this weather. That is so wrong. She drew these.
Foreman : They might give us a clue.
House : She sign them? Her name would be a start.
Foreman : All the mythology, the locations, they'd all depend on her life experience.
UNK: Philadelphia.
House : Look at that skyline.
House : It's very evocative.
House : The Chrysler Building.
Foreman : - That's a cloud. - And the Chrysler Building's in New York.
UNK: Ehh, I'm getting Philly.
House : And that cactus, well, it's a... it's a smashed car.
UNK: - It's a car accident. - A cactus in Philadelphia?
UNK: Water. Well, water's October, right? Obviously.
UNK: Well, the page number 22, so that's October 2, 2002.
House : Ergo, the patient was in a car accident two years ago last October.
Wilson : My goodness. Was she okay?
House : Broke her arm, I think.
UNK: They fixed it with this.
Cuddy : Surgical pin.
House : Better than a wallet. Serial numbers in case of recall, tied to a patient's name.
Foreman : That's why you insisted on the M.R.I... so you could remove the surgical pin from her arm?
UNK: You didn't think I was gonna do it to save your sorry ass, did you?