UNK: Perfect.
Chase : The lab checked the biopsy again, twice.
Foreman : Well, a tuberculoma doesn't give you a temperature of 105.
Chase : Then it's a tuberculoma and something else.
UNK: The "something else" is gonna melt her brain. Poach.
House : Better metaphor.
Chase : A fever that high has to be bacterial.
Wilson : - Maybe the bowel got nicked in the biopsy. - I did the biopsy. No nick.
Foreman : - She could have picked up an infection on the streets. - She didn't have a fever when I admitted her.
UNK: The Prozac we gave her could have triggered serotonin syndrome, which would explain the fever.
Wilson : No. Jefferson put her on Prozac and it wasn't a problem. - She probably never took it!
Foreman : Most likely, they saw her one time and dumped her out of the E.R. with a scrip.
UNK: Oh, just like you were gonna do! - Okay, you two. Grab some scalpels and settle this like doctors.
House : Send blood and urine cultures and get a chest X-ray.
UNK: Fine, take her off the Prozac and put her on Bromocryptene for the serotonin syndrome.
UNK: Might wanna get her in an ice bath as well, assuming we want her to live long enough to see those test results.
Victoria : I said I was sorry.
Foreman : Your fever's 105. If we don't bring it down fast...
UNK: Foreman, why are you doing this to me?
UNK: I'm saving your life.
UNK: No, don't make me go in there, please. Don't make me do it, please!
UNK: I don't wanna go!
Foreman : Come on. You can do this.
UNK: Please!
UNK: Seventeen-year-old female presents with abrasions and apparent trauma injury to her wrist.
Cuddy : Dr. House? Continue.
UNK: Student 1 : You're reading a comic book.
House : And you're calling attention to your bosom by wearing a low-cut top.
House : Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we were having a "state the obvious" contest.
House : I'm competitive by nature.
UNK: Student 2 : I thought you were supposed to be listening to our patient histories.
UNK: No, I'm supposed to be teaching you. If I can do that without listening, more power to me.
UNK: Seventeen-year-old female...
UNK: If this guy's supposed to have universal power over all gravity, how come his hair won't stay down?
House : That's just stupid.
UNK: Student 2 : She fell off her horse while riding in the county fair. - No, she didn't.
UNK: Student 1 : She fell off the steps of her beach house. You must have gone to the wrong room.
House : Hard to believe that one patient could slip past Cuddy and get herself admitted with a sprained wrist.
House : Two seems almost impossible. What room?
Students : Room 2106.
House : Patients lie, but usually only one lie at a time.
House : How much does she weigh?
UNK: - It's her wrist, not her weight... - Poundage, ladies.
UNK: - And by-the-by, what color's her nose? - She's thin.
UNK: Student 2 : - Flesh tone? - What does this have to do with her wrist?
House : Almost nothing.
UNK: She's either under ninety pounds or she has a red nose. I gotta go.
UNK: Student 1 : What's wrong with her?
House : That would be telling.
House : Oh, I am just too nice.
UNK: It starts with "C".
Chase : - Urine cultures are negative. - So is the chest X-ray.
UNK: I assume there's a positive coming. - Lumbar punctures reveal elevated proteins and white counts.
Wilson : C.S.F. cultures? Still brewing.
Cameron : Nothing on gram stain. It looks like meningitis.
Chase : We know it's definitely an infection, and we know where it is.
House : Well, meningitis is nice and simple.