Richard : Your mother stopped for five years and you became someone.
Meredith : According to her, I didn't.
Meredith : According to her, I'm a disappointment.
UNK: In a perfect world she'd be able to tell you she was proud of you,
Richard : but it's not a perfect world.
UNK: And your mother's not a perfect woman.
Meredith : I think the person she'd most like to see right now is you.
Richard : The only thing your mother wants to hear is that I regret staying with Adele.
UNK: That's the only gift I can give her.
Richard : And I can't tell her that.
Richard : That's not true.
Burke : They won't fit.
Richard : Stop right there.
UNK: The bowel swelled. You won't have room.
Richard : - How much time do you have? - Eight minutes.
UNK: OK. Now listen to me and do everything I say.
UNK: Kelley, your pregnancy test is negative and you're clean for STDs.
UNK: Mr. Hanson : - Thank God. - Great.
Kelly : I'm grounded for the rest of my life.
UNK: - Kelley, be polite. - I'm sorry, sir,
Bailey : but polite doesn't seem to be getting you two very far.
UNK: Kelley, your dad told me you lost your mother a few years ago
Bailey : and I want to say how sorry I am.
UNK: You probably have a million questions
UNK: and if your mother were here
UNK: I'm sure she would have more eloquent answers than I do.
UNK: But I think that she and I would actually be saying the same thing.
Bailey : Which is if you keep going the way you're going,
Bailey : you will get an STD.
Bailey : You will get pregnant.
Bailey : You will increase your chances of getting cervical cancer.
Bailey : You're not being smart.
Bailey : And you're too young for anyone to expect you to be smart
Bailey : the way you need to be when you're having sex.
UNK: Which means you shouldn't be having it.
Kelly : I thought he liked me.
Bailey : Oh, honey, I know you did.
Bailey : I know you did.
UNK: - OK. You're going to live. - Callie, wait.
George : I was a little bit heroic in there. I thought you'd be proud of me.
Callie : You were poisoned and you thought it was about me.
George : - It felt like an anxiety attack. - About me!
Callie : You see, we were fine when we were in our Vegas bubble.
Callie : When it was just room service and pay cable and us it was bliss.
UNK: But you get around your weird, judgey friends for one day
UNK: and you're wracked with uncertainty. Toxic gas level uncertainty.
UNK: I guess it was too much to hope you'd just stand up for me.
UNK: And my middle name is Iphegenia!
Callie : OK? I can't wait to hear what your pals have to say about that.
Alex : That was pretty cool, going in and putting her back under.
UNK: Cool or stupid. Take your pick.
Addison : OK. All right. I gotta...
Ellis : Enough.
Meredith : What's going on?
Meredith : The anesthesiologist didn't have time to drop an NG tube.
Meredith : So now they have to place one and decompress
Meredith : and repack her intestines and close.
Meredith : And they're about to run out of air.
Izzie : Holy crap. This so beats tampon training.
Richard : Preston. You'll need to milk the bowel to get out the excess fluid.
Richard : Pack her and wrap her and get her stable.
Meredith : - How's George? - Medically, he's fine.
Izzie : Emotionally, he's a little stunted.
Izzie : - You don't marry the rebound girl. - You don't marry anyone on a whim.
Meredith : - He needs our support. - He doesn't need us.
Izzie : - He's got his Vegas show wife. - Ooh.
Mark : Chief, they're at 32 minutes. You got to pull them out.
Richard : How you doing on air?