George : Patient's blood is toxic. Any contact is dangerous.
UNK: - Nobody goes in there. - How's he doing?
UNK: His BP is starting to stabilize. He's doing better on oxygen.
UNK: It's good he got out when he did.
UNK: Dr. Shepherd? Can you sign this?
Meredith : - Can I help? - You should be with your mother.
UNK: I don't want to. The Chief is down, Alex is down.
Meredith : - I would like to help. - Dr. Grey.
UNK: You want to help, talk to your resident.
Derek : - What do you got? - Herbal supplement in her purse.
Burke : The lab guys think it combined with the chemo chemicals,
UNK: - turned her blood into a neuro-toxin. - We're lucky they're not all dead.
UNK: - She's alive because she's intubated. - Who got them out?
Bailey : O'Malley.
Izzie : - George. - Callie.
George : She was toxic, her blood was toxic. Not our marriage.
Callie : - You thought our marriage was toxic? - No.
UNK: All our people are all being treated. Now what do we do about her?
UNK: Dr. Grey?
UNK: Your Holter monitor shows you're having runs of tachycardia every hour.
Cristina : Dr. Burke would like to do a radio-ablation.
Ellis : Why would he recommend surgery when medication can keep it under control?
Ellis : Alzheimer's patients aren't compliant with their meds.
UNK: And apparently Meredith says... you're particularly difficult.
Ellis : I could elect not to treat it at all.
Cristina : Your stress test shows coronary artery disease.
UNK: That with the arrhythmias could cause stress on your heart which would...
Cristina : ...eventually...
UNK: What would you do if the thing that defines who you are
UNK: was taken away?
Ellis : Tell Dr. Burke...
Ellis : - I don't want the surgery. - I'm very sorry, Dr. Grey,
Cristina : but technically, that decision isn't yours. It's Meredith's.
UNK: Going in without protection is out of the question.
UNK: - HAZMAT suits. - Not sterile.
UNK: Risk of infection's too great.
UNK: Ortho has sterile suits they use for bone replacement.
UNK: - Ten minutes to get suited up. - Vent the OR.
UNK: Let's get those suits now.
Izzie : This is a maxi pad. Heavy flow day. Mini pad, pretty self-explanatory.
UNK: Just peel the label and stick it.
Izzie : The tampon we've already gone over. So, are we clear on everything?
UNK: Kelley, I understand that you're a little mortified
Izzie : that your dad dragged you in here, but can you just talk or nod?
UNK: - I get it, OK? - Great.
Bailey : How's it going with our first patient?
UNK: Kelley's a woman. I'm going back to being a surgeon.
UNK: Can I go to the gallery and learn something, if that's OK?
Meredith : Go ahead.
UNK: If you go to the front desk and fill out some paperwork,
UNK: - I can get you out of here. - Of course. Of course.
UNK: Uh... thank you.
UNK: Since my wife died, I've been in the woods a little with Kelley.
Izzie : - Yeah. - Yeah.
UNK: You OK, Kelley? Any cramps? A heating pad would...
UNK: Could I be pregnant if I had sex last week before the period thing?
UNK: It would really suck if I was pregnant.
UNK: The guy's being a real jerk and he's totally ignoring me at school.
Kelly : So I really hope I can't be pregnant. I can't, right?
Kelly : Anyway, you could like, answer me before my dad gets back.
Meredith : I'm not sure refusing treatment is what you want.
Ellis : Apparently what I want doesn't matter. It isn't even legally binding.
Ellis : So it's really about what you want. You're in charge.
Meredith : You think I like making these decisions for you?
UNK: You think it's fun to get calls asking if it's OK to change your medication?
UNK: Asking whether I was planning on giving the nurse who changes you every morning
Meredith : a Christmas tip? But I do it. I do it because there is nobody else.
Meredith : Because you have managed to alienate everybody else in your life.
Meredith : And I am the only one.
Meredith : So, I have to step up and do it.
UNK: You want to know why I'm so unfocused?
Meredith : So ordinary?
UNK: You want to know what happened to me? You. You happened to me.
Ellis : - Let me refuse the surgery. - No.
Ellis : - Why not? - Because killing my mother
UNK: is not going to be another thing that happens to me.
Derek : These suits are airtight.
UNK: These packs recirculate the air trapped inside.
Mark : Batteries haven't been charging long. You got 30 minutes