Izzie : I got to do damage control on the toxic woman.
Bailey : Good for you.
UNK: - Did you ever get any patients? - Just that one.
Addison : One.
Bailey : Eight million dollars worth of one.
Bailey : Lock up for me.
Richard : I heard you're having surgery tomorrow.
UNK: Do you... Do I know who Meredith is?
Ellis : Do I at least recognize Meredith?
Richard : You know she's someone important. Someone who loves you.
UNK: You'll look out for her?
UNK: She's got much more to learn and I won't be able to teach her.
Richard : I'll look out for her.
Ellis : I wish I could go back.
Ellis : I'd do everything so differently. I'd fight harder for you.
UNK: I think if I'd fought harder for you, maybe...
Richard : We would have had a wonderful life together, Ellis.
Callie : - You think so? - I do.
UNK: We would've done our fellowship here.
Richard : And then you would have fought me for Chief and probably won.
Richard : And I wouldn't have minded because we'd have kids at home.
Ellis : We have kids?
UNK: Meredith would've needed a brother and a sister.
Richard : - Kids need family. - We would have been a family.
Richard : Probably bought that big house on Parker, the one with the barn.
UNK: Yeah, that's a good place for a family.
Ellis : And I would have been happy.
Ellis : Just like Meredith says she's happy.
Ellis : And that would have changed everything.
UNK: Once the kids grew, then we'd have each other.
UNK: We would pretend to miss them, but secretly we'd be relieved,
UNK: because then we could run around the house naked
UNK: and eat chocolates out of the fridge for breakfast.
UNK: I would take the left side of the bed and you would take the right.
Ellis : And we could grow old together.
Meredith : Maybe.
Ellis : I would be fine and we could grow old together.
Ellis : And life would be so perfectly ordinary.
Izzie : Yeah.
Ellis : My life is so unfinished.
UNK: It's unfinished and I'm not finished.
UNK: No. No, Ellis.
Richard : Don't think that.
Richard : Just close your eyes,
Richard : and think of the family...
Richard : ...of the house.
UNK: The chocolates in the fridge.
Ellis : And you there every night to come home to.
Richard : And me there.
Richard : I'm there.
UNK: I am super scrubbed. I'm minus my epidermis.
Meredith : I still feel all fume-y.
UNK: Hey! It's the little woman. So, what are your plans now?
Izzie : You're not moving in, are you?
Mark : Nice.
George : - Wait, Callie. - Forget it, just...
UNK: No. Unbelievable. You're supposed to be my closest friends.
UNK: Callie's the most important part of my life now.
George : If you want to drive her away, and you're masters at it, you'll do it.
George : But if she's gone, I'm gone. She's my wife.
George : Calliope Iphegenia Torres is my wife.
Callie : Iphe...
George : - Don't you dare. - OK.
MVO : As doctors we're trained to give our patients just the facts,
UNK: but what our patients really want to know is,
MVO : will the pain ever go away? Will I feel better? Am I cured?
Mark : Thought you said you didn't think about me.
Addison : I don't. I am actively not thinking about you.
Bailey : Right... now.
UNK: What our patients really want to know is,
UNK: is there hope?
Cristina : I don't do rings.
Cristina : Don't expect me to suddenly change.
Cristina : I'm a surgeon. Just like you.
Cristina : And we'll have money. We can hire a wife.
Burke : Are you saying yes?
Izzie : Yeah.
Burke : - I'm not letting you scrub in. - I'm not wearing a ring.
UNK: Mrs. Henry : - OK. - OK then.
Burke : Yes!
UNK: OK! OK! OK! OK!
MVO : But inevitably there are times
MVO : when you find yourself in the worst-case scenario.
Ellis : - Meredith... - I just have to say this.
Meredith : The reason I want you to have the surgery is because I have this hope
Meredith : that in a year or two years or five, they're going to have a breakthrough.
UNK: They're going to find a cure for Alzheimer's.
Meredith : And you and I will have another chance
Meredith : to get to know each other.
UNK: You'll have a chance to get to know me.
Meredith : To see that I am not even remotely ordinary.
Meredith : So I wish you would have the surgery.
Meredith : But it's up to you, Mom. It's your life.
Ellis : You remind me of my daughter.
Richard : About an hour ago.
UNK: One minute she was here and the next...
Richard : I'm so sorry.
Meredith : Me, too.
MVO : When the patient's body has betrayed them,
MVO : and all the science we have to offer has failed them,
MVO : when the worst-case scenario comes true,
MVO : clinging to hope is all we've got left.