UNK: For surgeons, it's the most personal question. Tells you who they are.
UNK: My mother would want to know whether I had a boyfriend.
UNK: Your mother sounds like a frivolous woman.
UNK: If I chose cardiothoracics, what would that say?
UNK: Heart surgeons are know-it-alls. The most ambitious, most driven.
Ellis : They want it all and they want it now.
Ellis : They don't want anything getting in their way.
Ellis : Meredith says I'm part of an Alzheimer's research study.
Ellis : I want a neuro consult with the doctor who put me in the trial.
UNK: Hey, Mer! I've been looking for you.
Cristina : Burke has me on your mom. Are you OK?
UNK: I'm avoiding her, avoiding the gift.
UNK: Well, your gift wants to meet Derek.
Meredith : What? What did you say?
Cristina : Not Derek your boyfriend. Dr. Shepherd, the neurosurgeon.
Cristina : She's gonna know that he's your boyfriend. She has ways.
UNK: I'm in love with her.
Meredith : She has that effect on people who aren't her daughter.
UNK: Hey, I heard about your mother. Unbelievable.
Richard : - It's a gift. - She's avoiding her.
UNK: - She's your mother. She's really here. - This is your chance to talk to her.
UNK: - Spend time with her. - She has a long history
Meredith : - of being disappointed in me. - You're a doctor.
Izzie : Disappointment ends with a medical degree.
UNK: Can we get moving? It hurts when I pee.
Cristina : Are you stealing patients from the ER?
Izzie : Yes. But only because I have to know I did not spend my inheritance
Izzie : on an empty room with empty beds. If I did that, I might go crazy.
UNK: George called dibs on crazy. Think Callie's pregnant?
Man : - I'm going back to the ER. - Keep your pants on. We're going.
Meredith : - What's going on? - Yeah. Bambi got married.
Cristina : What?
UNK: Psst.
UNK: Sorry, one second.
George : - Everything OK? Are you off today? - You got married?
George : Yeah. I did.
UNK: It was... I know it was impulsive.
Meredith : Was it good impulsive or Meredith impulsive?
Meredith : Because if it was Meredith impulsive, maybe I can help get you out of it.
UNK: - No, it was... it's a good thing. - Good.
UNK: It's good. But thanks for the backup.
UNK: You're welcome. Congratulations, George.
Callie : Thank you.
UNK: People who hover in doorways...
UNK: Are coming from nowhere and are heading nowhere.
UNK: - You said that to me a lot growing up. - You hovered in a lot of doorways.
Ellis : Are you planning on coming to talk to me anytime soon?
Richard : - Excuse me. - Sure.
Callie : You know those cartoons where there's a bear, or whatever.
UNK: It's starving and looks at a table
Callie : and the table turns into this delicious cooked turkey
UNK: with lines of deliciousness coming off it?
Addison : I was not looking at him like that.
Addison : Because he is the help and I am not going to be sleeping with the help.