UNK: - We gotta find the right snake. - No need.
House : Odds are by the time you get back, the autopsy results will tell you what kind of snake it was.
UNK: But you said... - So we do give him the antivenom for the other one?
House : Again, was that a question? I asked what you would do.
House : It seems unfair for you to ask me what you would do.
House : Who gives the guy the other antivenom?
House : And who goes looking for the snake?
Rebellious : I assume that one choice kills him, the other one saves him.
House : That's usually the way it works at the leg-turning-black stage.
Caring : So half of us killed him, and half of us saved his life.
House : - Yeah. - We can't be blamed for...
House : I'm sure this goes against everything you've been taught, but right and wrong do exist.
House : Just because you don't know what the right answer is...
House : Maybe there's even no way you could know what the right answer is...
House : Doesn't make your answer right or even okay.
House : It's much simpler than that. It's just plain wrong.
UNK: We gave the guy the antivenom. What if I'm allergic again?
Foreman : That's why these people are here.
Foreman : If you have a reaction, we're ready to do whatever's necessary...
UNK: to ensure your airways stay open and your heart keeps beating.
Farmer : My wife's on her way in. Can't this wait?
Foreman : I'm sorry. It can't.
UNK: Late 30s Man : It hurts again. He came back?
House : On average, drug addicts are stupid.
Rebellious : - I'd call the cops. - Good for you.
House : A lot of doctors wouldn't risk their careers on a hunch.
Rebellious : It's not a hunch. I mean, I know he wants drugs.
UNK: Well, even drug addicts get sick.
House : Actually, for some reason, they tend to get sick more often than non-drug addicts.
House : Luckily, you don't have to play your hunch.
House : There's a faster way. Actually, there are several.
House : My preference is urine testing.
Rebellious : But you already know he has drugs in his system. - That's not what I'm testing for.
UNK: We're gonna put this hard rubber tube up your urethra and into your bladder.
UNK: It may be a little uncomfortable. - Shouldn't I be getting some sort of anesthetic?
House : We're concerned about allergic reactions today.
House : If the guy can handle a rod in his penis for half an hour, he's really sick.
Rebellious : Or he's really jonesing.
House : There's easier ways to get ahold of drugs.
House : Other hospitals, for example.
House : The volleyball player is not responding to treatment.
House : At least we think it's not working...
House : on account of the fact that she's getting worse.
House : - Can you still hear me? - No.
House : A little! Not really!
House : Well, if you can't hear me, how do you know what I asked?
Cuddy : - Ow! - I'm sorry. What did I do?
UNK: Volleyball Player : I don't know. It really hurts. I promise to be very careful.
Cameron : - Susan... - Not her real name.
Cameron : Susan, I barely touched you.