UNK: It hurts so much! I'm sorry. I have to get this blood. Just hold on.
Cameron : Hypersensitivity to touch.
Chase : - Her calcium up? - Lab over 16.
House : - Question is why. Likely suspects. - Parathyroid adenoma.
Cameron : - Kidney problems. - Vit "D" intoxication. - Hyperthyroid.
Foreman : - Caused by our treatment? - Whoa, whoa.
Caring : Can you please slow down?
House : The adenoma is most likely.
UNK: Check her P.T.H., phosphorus...
House : and ionized calcium.
House : And do a technetium sestamibi.
House : Okay, that's enough about the volleyball player.
House : - What's up with the farmer? - What farmer?
Rebellious : Snakebite guy.
House : Oh, right. You guys don't know about him.
House : He doesn't get bitten until three months after we treat the volleyball player.
House : Luckily, it's been well established that time is not a fixed construct.
UNK: His condition is not improving. Double the dosage.
Foreman : - Already did. - There's another antivenom.
House : - It's not as effective, but... - Already tried it.
House : - The first stuff, the stuff he was allergic to. - Gave it to him with high-dose steroids.
Cameron : - Nothing's working. - What does it all mean?
Caring : - Wrong snake? - We tried every other antivenom we had.
Caring : - We're too late? - Yep. He's dying. His wife's here.
House : Finally found a babysitter. Who wants to let 'em know?
House : - Actually, I'm kidding. - He's not dying?
House : Oh, yeah, he's dying. But there's no wife and kid.
House : Which is great.
UNK: Makes the breaking-the-news thing way easier.
House : Oh, yeah. One more piece of news.
House : The drug addict is peeing blood.
House : How do they teach you how to tell someone that they're dying?
House : It's kind of like teaching architects how to explain why their building fell down.
House : Do you role-play and stuff?
Keen : Yeah. One of us gives the bad news, and one of us gets the bad news.
UNK: What do you have to do to get an "A" in You're Dying 101?
House : They grade you on gentleness and supportiveness?
House : Is there a scale for measuring compassion?
House : This buddy of mine...
UNK: I gotta give him 10 bucks every time someone says thank you.
House : Imagine that. This guy's so good,
UNK: people thank him for telling 'em that they're dying.
House : Needs brown.
House : I don't get thanked that often.
House : You're dying.
House : In a few hours.
House : There's nothing we can do except deal with the pain.
Farmer : Well, I need to go home.
House : You're not going home.
UNK: But my dog. What will happen to my dog?
Cameron : Her neck looks clean. No adenoma.
Rebellious : Wait, wait, wait. The guy's dying, and all he cares about is his dog?
House : Any of you guys go the dog route in your improv sessions?
House : It's a basic truth of the human condition that everybody lies.
House : The only variable is about what.
UNK: The great thing about telling someone they're dying...
UNK: is that it tends to focus their priorities.
House : You find out what matters to them.
House : What they're willing to die for.
House : What they're willing to lie for.
House : You must have a neighbor who... Neighbors don't like him.
UNK: So the Humane Society will take him in and find him a home. No, they won't.
UNK: Yeah, but maybe my aunt...
House : It wasn't a snakebite, was it?
UNK: I said I don't remember bein' bit.
House : Sure you do. Just not by a snake.
House : I assume that Cujo bit one of your neighbors a while back.
House : You tell me that he bit you, and I gotta report it.
House : Cujo's got a record. He gets the chair.
House : The good news is you might just live. The bad news is your dog's gonna die.
Chase : Guy risked his life to save this thing?
Foreman : I'll hold him. You swab the mouth.