House : Three guys walk into a clinic.
House : Their legs hurt. What's wrong with them?
UNK: I'm not gonna like you, am I?
UNK: The most likely cause of leg pain is muscle strain.
Keen : Apply heat and rest affected areas.
UNK: Statistically, you're right. Very good.
UNK: My experience, over half of leg pain is musculoskeletal,
UNK: generally from excessive exercise,
UNK: Twelve percent is varicose veins brought on by pregnancy,
UNK: and most of the rest is the result of vehicular accidents.
UNK: I said three people. That's six legs.
UNK: So you've got three hurt jogging, two in collisions, and one of the legs is pregnant.
Caring : What were they doing when pain presented?
UNK: - I have no idea. - You didn't ask? You didn't take a history?
UNK: Ofcourse. But all that told us is what they said happened.
UNK: Person "A", farmer, says he was fixing a fence.
UNK: Tightness in the ankle, loss of muscle control.
UNK: Person "B", volleyball practice.
House : Coach figured it was a pulled muscle.
UNK: And "C", we've got Carmen Electra golfing.
House : - Yes! - Whoa. You treated the Baywatch chick?
House : The Baywatch thespian. And no.
UNK: I gotta disguise the identity of each of the patients,
House : and I got tired of using the middle-aged man.
House : Carmen seemed like a pleasant alternative.
House : Also, she's apparently quite the golfer.
House : In less than two hours, one of these three...
UNK: will be tossed out of the hospital because they were faking it to score narcotics,
House : and one will be very close to death.
House : Any guesses on which is which?
House : Okay, I say we start with the farmer.
House : Did you hike to the fence, and how far?
UNK: Yes. It's about a half a mile from my farmhouse.
UNK: Where is the pain localized?
Farmer : It started just above my ankle, and it's radiating up.
House : So, what should we do first?
Keen : Family history?
House : Indicative of leg pain? That's a very short list.
House : Any history of bone cancer, osteogenesis imperfecta or multiple myeloma?
Caring : Could be a blood issue.
Caring : We should run a C.B.C. and a D-Dimer. And get an M.R.I.
UNK: M.R.I. or a PET scan? If the problem's vascular, he's better off...
House : Sorry. Thanks for playin'. Patient's dead. You killed him.
Keen : We had no time to run any tests. There was nothing we could do.
House : You had time to look at the leg.
Caring : I thought we were starting with the farmer's case first.
House : We are. But if we're gonna look at a leg...
House : I need you to take off your pants.
UNK: Puncture.
UNK: Snakebite. That would be my guess.
UNK: Farmer didn't know he'd been bitten by a snake? That's what he said.
House : Sudden shooting pain, tall grass. Never saw a thing.
UNK: What kind of snake? - You want me to tell you what kind of snake it was from the shape of the hole in the leg?
UNK: How are we to know what kind of antivenom to use if we don't know what kind of snake it is?