House : What say we take five,
House : get some coffee, go pee.
Wilson : You didn't think she was gonna get married?
House : She asked me the same question.
Wilson : And... what? You're not gonna treat him?
House : There's probably nothing wrong with him.
Wilson : Oh, sure, that makes sense. She's just using the old sick husband routine...
Wilson : as an excuse to get back in touch with you.
Wilson : You think this is easy for her?
Wilson : The only reason she'd be anywhere near you is if she was desperate.
House : So I should help her because she hates me?
Wilson : She doesn't hate you. She loves you.
Wilson : She just... can't stand to be around you.
Keen : Uh, Dr. House?
Keen : It's been almost six minutes.
Keen : Found him.
House : The volleyball player...
House : was responding to the anti-inflammatories as you'd expect in a case of tendinitis.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What about the snakebite guy?
Rebellious : I don't really care about the volleyball player.
House : What if I told you the volleyball player had a sudden massive stroke?
Caring : - Really? - No.
House : But that would make you interested, right? What if her T-4 came back low?
House : It's not quite as interesting, but it has the benefit of being true.
Rebellious : You said the thyroid biopsy was a wasted test.
House : No, I didn't. I said she put a person with tendinitis through an expensive and painful test.
UNK: Apparently, the patient had tendinitis and a thyroid condition.
UNK: We're gonna start you on thyroxine. It'll make you feel better and level your moods.
UNK: Late 30s Man : Thank you.
Rebellious : - So that's it? - You were right the first time.
House : Snakebite guy's way more interesting. Gross, actually.
Foreman : The patient responded to epinephrine, and the allergic reaction was arrested.
Foreman : Unfortunately, the patient continues to deteriorate.
Chase : Maybe the snake wrangler was wrong about the type we caught.
Foreman : He faxed us the venom test. Confirmed. It's a timber rattlesnake.
House : No, it's not. Notice the volume?
Foreman : I skimmed over that and the gender and the coloring. Jumped right to the name of the snake.
UNK: Two hundred milligrams. Our guy got bit less than four hours ago.
House : There's no way a snake regenerates that much venom that quickly.
Keen : We're supposed to know how fast snakes make their venom? - No.
House : Unless you've got a patient bit by one. Then it might be helpful. So what do we do now?
Caring : He must have been bitten by a different snake. We go back and find it.
UNK: Or you go online, and you find there's only three poisonous snakes common in New Jersey :
UNK: the copperhead, timber rattler and the coral.
UNK: Copperhead and timber rattler both respond to the antivenoms we gave the guy.
UNK: So we give him the antivenom for the other one? - Is that a question?
UNK: We can't just blindly give him another antivenom, especially after the first one almost killed him.
Keen : You said only three types of poisonous snakes commonly found in New Jersey.
UNK: - Well, what if this is an uncommon one? - Very good.