Chase : like scleroderma or lupus.
Cameron : Rule out diffuse process, you're stuck with single process,
Cameron : affecting just the pancreas.
Foreman : Gallstones or pancreatic divisum.
Chase : Whatever he asked next would have narrowed that down.
Foreman : He asked about location.
Chase : Heads, it's gallstones. Tails, it's divisum.
Foreman : It's at the head. She's got gallstones.
Kutner : The steamroller means potholes, means...
Foreman : Relax. We got it.
Kutner : You figured out she's got gallstones?
Wilson : I was at the hotel bar, trying to unwind with a drink.
Wilson : There was this guy who kept playing
House : It's a great song. He was out of line.
UNK: So I asked the man to stop. Politely.
House : Yeah, you yelled politely.
Wilson : I was polite the first couple of times.
Wilson : But courtesy made no impression on this ass.
Wilson : So I threw a bottle into the mirror,
Wilson : which successfully conveyed my message.
House : And smashed a 10-foot antique mirror.
House : And set an example for two other patrons, who threw shot glasses...
Wilson : I had nothing to do with that fight.
Wilson : The assault charge was totally bogus.
Wilson : And I paid for the mirror.
Costello : I think I have the picture.
Costello : I assume you're the guy who was playing the song.
House : No, I was the guy who bailed him out.
Wilson : That's how we met. I was in jail.
Costello : This guy was a total stranger to you, and you bailed him out?
House : It was a boring convention.
UNK: I had to have somebody to drink with.
Wilson : And there's the foundation of our entire friendship.
Wilson : If you hadn't been bored one weekend, it wouldn't even exist.
UNK: Hey, with 3,000 people at that convention,
House : you were the one I thought wasn't boring. That says something.
Wilson : It also says something that you lied to me
Wilson : about getting the charges dropped.
House : I got a lawyer, he cut a deal. You didn't call the guy?
House : You have to show up at the arraignment. Everybody knows that.
Wilson : Everybody with your misdemeanor experience.
Costello : You can go.
UNK: What?
House : He's a fugitive from justice.
House : That whole story was lies. He stabbed a man.
Costello : Louisiana doesn't want to pay to get you back.
House : Forget Louisiana. He was driving recklessly
House : through your comatose village.
UNK: What, do they put lead in the jelly donuts here?
Costello : Stop acting like such an ingrate
Costello : and go pay your respects to your father.
Chase : CT confirmed gallstones.
Chase : Normally not dangerous, almost everyone has them, but sometimes...
Nicole : They kill you?
Chase : Yup. Unless I take them out.
Chase : We do it laparoscopically.
UNK: Um...
Chase : How long has her urine been brown?
Taub : Kidneys were fine this afternoon.
Chase : They're not now.
Chase : It's not the gallstones.
House : Well, of course it's not gallstones.
House : Who thought it was gallstones?
Kutner : You said "steamroller."
House : I also said "construction site."
Foreman : Gallstones could cause a pancreatic cyst.
House : Just turn around. The thing is two hours over already,
House : and that's the third time we've passed that colonial
House : with the cross burning out front.
Wilson : I'm not lost.
House : I'm not talking about what caused the cyst.
House : I'm talking about what the cyst caused.
Foreman : Cysts are symptoms, not diagnoses.
House : Unless it's a multiple cyst with connections to other organs.
House : Like a steamroller.
Taub : That's a long road down to the kidneys.
Foreman : How do we prove it? Won't be visible on a scan,
Foreman : Chase isn't gonna go groping around
Foreman : when she's got kidney failure.
UNK: Bubbles.
House : Is that your new stripper name?
UNK: Yes.
Thirteen : And also, we inject bubbles into the cyst and follow where they drift.
UNK: If they end up in her other organs, we know you're right, cut it out, she's fine.
House : Bubbles is right. Go echo.
Wilson : I'm not lost.
Taub : Nicole, you gotta stay still.
Nicole : I'm nervous.
Kutner : You're not nervous. It's the DTs, isn't it?