House : I think that was Hitler's excuse, "Lost track of the Jews."
House : No one held him responsible.
Wilson : I'm not playing, House.
House : You were protecting me.
House : Anybody in their right mind would have ratted me out.
Wilson : I'm just trying to speed things along.
Wilson : You are going to this funeral.
House : Make it fast. I don't want to miss the anal cavity search.
Foreman : Looks like a mass in the pancreas.
House : And I want a full play-by-play.
Foreman : It's fluid-filled.
UNK: Could you get out of the car, please, sir?
Wilson : Officer, if you want to give me a ticket, I totally understand.
Costello : Just get out of the car, sir.
Foreman : Something going on there?
House : Wilson's getting arrested. How large?
UNK: SUV-sized or midrange-sedan?
UNK: Seriously? What did you do?
House : I'm obviously joking.
House : If Wilson was getting handcuffed on the hood of his car,
House : would I be carrying on a differential?
UNK: Diameter's at least eight centimeters.
House : Is it in the tail or the head?
Costello : You, too, sir, out of the car.
House : We've got a construction site.
House : A steamroller is plowing...
Costello : Out, now.
Costello : No cane.
Costello : James Evan Wilson. There's a warrant for your arrest in Louisiana.
Kutner : What are the traits of a steamroller?
Kutner : Powerful. Maybe pancreatic cancer.
Foreman : Great idea. Except the only symptom
Foreman : it matches up with is being steamroller-ish.
Thirteen : You don't think House is onto something?
Foreman : I think he thought he had an idea.
Foreman : I also think his metaphors are tough enough to decipher after he's said them.
Foreman : We need to be focusing on the medicine.
Taub : No answer.
UNK: There's not going to be an answer. They've been arrested.
Taub : He was joking.
Foreman : He reacted to the size and location.
Foreman : That's what we should be focusing on, not playing Madlibs
Foreman : while our patient's exploding "noun" destroys her life-sustaining "noun."
Taub : I'll try to get Wilson on the line.
Thirteen : What if it's not how a steamroller works, but what it does?
Thirteen : Clears things.
UNK: It's a waste of time.
House : I need that phone call.
House : I'm a doctor.
House : When someone tries to call you three times, it's code for
House : "Pick up the damn phone before someone dies."
Costello : I'm sure there's other smart doctors.
House : You'd be surprised.
Wilson : You told me you'd taken care of this.
House : I did.
UNK: The first words you ever said to me.
House : I took care of it.
UNK: You must have screwed up somehow.
Wilson : Sir? Not to hurry you, but we need to be at a funeral in...
Costello : Nobody is going anywhere or taking any phone calls
Costello : till I hear back from Louisiana.
Wilson : It's a really old warrant.
Wilson : Isn't there a statute of limitations on this kind of thing?
House : It's suspended when you flee the state.
Wilson : I didn't flee the state, I left the state,
Wilson : because I don't live in the state.
Wilson : And the charges were just so minor...
Costello : "Vandalism, destruction of property, assault..."
Wilson : There is a simple explanation.
Wilson : There was a medical convention in New Orleans.
Costello : You don't need to explain to me.
Wilson : I was fresh out of med school.
Wilson : I didn't know anybody at the convention.
House : You heard the man, Wilson. You don't have to explain.
UNK: I am not going to sit here wasting time
Wilson : just so you can avoid your father's funeral.
House : He's my father.
House : I have the right to avoid his funeral.
Costello : Not if your mother's alive, you don't.
Costello : Okay. Explain.
Chase : Did House react to the eight centimeters?
Foreman : He whistled. It's huge. Anyone would think so.
Cameron : House doesn't whistle because he's impressed.
Cameron : Means he wasn't expecting it.
Cameron : Means he changed his mind at that point.
Chase : A single super-sized cyst ruled out a diffuse process,