Amy : but Derek refused to wait for the team to clear the debris,
Amy : so he took off looking for another access point.
UNK: He got caught in a backdraft.
Amy : He almost died because of me once.
Amy : And now it's happening again.
House : You're not my mom. You don't have to keep checking up on me.
Wilson : How you doing?
House : Not bad,
UNK: considering I've just learned I'm completely powerless.
Wilson : See this big fancy wing?
Wilson : It was built because this program works.
House : Faulty logic.
House : This big fancy wing exists because some people with money think that it works,
House : wanna believe that they can buy a better world.
House : This is nothing short of idealized despair. Let other people wallow in it.
Wilson : I don't even know what that means.
House : None of this means anything.
House : It's just nonsensical slogans and platitudes.
Wilson : Meaning takes time, it takes work.
House : What do you think I've been doing?
Wilson : You've been here for two days! Talk about wallowing in it!
Wilson : We all get it. We know how much pain you have.
Wilson : You're here to deal with that and get on with your life!
House : Right! I should have an affair with a dying patient and move into a hotel.
Wilson : You're a coward, House.
Wilson : You find fault in everybody because you're afraid to look at yourself.
House : Thanks. I was running short on platitudes. You can leave now.
Cameron : We tested Amy for about a dozen different agents, but they all came back negative.
Derek : So she's not causing the attacks.
Cameron : Derek, are you in love with her?
Derek : What does that have to do with anything?
Cameron : Amy told me how you got those skin grafts.
Cameron : And the way you're always watching out for her, and I see the way you look at her.
Cameron : Have you told her how you feel?
UNK: She has a six-year-old daughter.
Cameron : Women with daughters can still fall in love.
Derek : I know.
Derek : Because she did. With my brother.
Derek : They're engaged.
Cameron : Broken heart syndrome. He's in love and it's killing him.
UNK: I thought that only happened to 80-year-old widows.
Cameron : Thanks to his menopause and estrogen level, he basically is an old woman.
Cameron : BHS is an acute physical response to an emotional experience.
Cameron : Stress triggers a flood of catecholamines...
Chase : That's a plain old stress cardiomyopathy, not a heart attack.
Cameron : But if you're too worried about losing your job to get it treated,
UNK: they can devolve into full-on heart attacks.
Cameron : You think it's a coincidence this started when Amy got engaged?
House : No, I don't.
House : But now that you know the "why",
UNK: what are you gonna do to stop the "how"?
Foreman : I already put him on beta-blockers and nitroglycerin. No effect.
Cameron : We need to put him on antidepressants.
House : Not if you're right.
House : Antidepressants would inhibit his autonomic nervous system,
House : which would only speed up the heart attacks.
Chase : We could try propylthiouracil, slow down his metabolic rate.
House : Thyroid effect would only weaken the heart.
UNK: The only other option is blood thinners.
House : This is not a fat guy with plaque-filled arteries and a swollen heart.
UNK: He's a guy whose brain is trying to kill his heart.
Chase : So buy him a girlfriend, make him happy.
Cameron : That might make you happy.
Cameron : The only thing that'll make him happy is Amy.
Chase : So keep him away from her.
Cameron : He has a myocardial infarction every time she walks in the room.
Cameron : What do you think will happen to his heart
Cameron : when we tell him he can never see her again?
CHASE : He needs a shrink.
Foreman : Chase's idea is as good as any.
UNK: But short of frying his brain and wiping Amy out, he's screwed.
House : We need Cuddy.
UNK: Why?
House : So you can tell her why you need to fry a guy's brain.
Cuddy : The guy's heart isn't working and you want to shock his brain.
House : Electroshock therapy is the only way to erase his memories of Amy
House : and stop the brain's chemical attack on the heart.
Cuddy : This isn't 1940!
Cuddy : The problem can be controlled with antidepressants.
UNK: Cameron?
House : Antidepressants would inhibit his autonomic nervous system,
Cameron : speed up the attacks.
House : LMNO, PTU, blood thinners, none of them will solve this problem.
UNK: The man's got a real-life Harlequin Romance in his head.
UNK: We're gonna pull out the 1940 playbook.
House : Bilateral electrodes, high-stimulus sine-wave intensity,
House : turning that dial all the way to 11.
House : It's basic brain chemistry.
House : We interrupt protein synthesis, altering the neurotransmitter system.
UNK: End result, no memories, no Amy, no problem.
Gemeiner : Go ahead.
House : You heard the lady, go plug him in.
House : Am I really that pathetic?