Cuddy : Dr. House only got a bottle with placebos.
Velez : I understand your impulse to protect a valued colleague...
Cuddy : I have it right here on the inventory report...
UNK: Your Honor, she's lying! She's obviously forged that report.
UNK: In light of this evidence...
Velez : If this is real, why didn't she mention it earlier?
Gemeiner : I move to dismiss this case!
Tritter : There is other evidence, Your Honor!
Judge : Everyone shut up and sit down.
Judge : Dr. Cuddy, why are you only now coming forward with this?
UNK: I guess I never expected it to go this far.
Judge : The witness is excused.
UNK: Your Honor, you can't seriously believe...
Judge : Dr. House, please stand.
Judge : My suspicion is your boss...
Judge : My suspicion is you have better friends than you deserve.
Judge : Rules and laws apply to everyone.
Judge : You are not as special as you think.
Judge : But Detective Tritter chose to make you so.
Judge : Detective, I don't know exactly what's going on here,
Judge : but I am sure that this man is not flooding the streets with cocaine.
Judge : I'm also certain that, knowing Dr. House,
Judge : he must have done something to set you off.
UNK: But you're gonna have to live with it.
Judge : Given Dr. Cuddy's testimony, I'm not going to allow this to proceed to jury.
Judge : Case dismissed. Court is adjourned.
Judge : Dr. House, you're still guilty of contempt for that little walkout earlier.
Judge : You'll be spending the night in jail,
Judge : and after that you're going right back to your rehab.
Judge : Bailiff, take Dr. House into custody.
Cameron : Dr. House.
House : So should I be looking for you in the shadows,
UNK: or flinch every time a car backfires?
Tritter : Good luck.
Tritter : I hope I'm wrong about you.
CAMERON : They got the meningioma.
Cameron : Your brain should start generating real memories again.
Derek : What do I do when I get out?
Cameron : You have people who love you. They'll take care of you.
Cameron : You start over.
CUDDY : I'm surprised to see you're not spooning your way through the walls.
House : So, what do you say? How about a conjugal visit to celebrate?
Cuddy : There's nothing to celebrate, House! You made me perjure myself.
Cuddy : Fabricate evidence.
Cuddy : You make everyone around you worse for being there.
Cuddy : The only bright spot is that now I own your ass.
Cuddy : When you get out of rehab, you're gonna be pulling double clinic duty,
Cuddy : giving lectures to students, helping me find donors,
Cuddy : pretty much anything else I ask. You got it?
Wilson : Your buprenorphine.
House : You get these from the pharmacy or from Voldemort?
Wilson : Voldemort. Why? What difference does it...
Wilson : That's Vicodin. He's been slipping you Vicodin?
House : No! He'd be risking his minimum-wage job to do that.
Wilson : The whole time?
House : My higher power said it was okay.
Wilson : Nothing's changed?
Wilson : Nothing's changed.
Wilson : The apology.
Wilson : You didn't need to do that to make this work.
House : Believe what you want.
UNK: Good night, House.
UNK: I'll see you tomorrow.
UNK: Good night, Wilson.