Brock : Derek, it's me. Brock.
Brock : I'm your brother, and when you get out of here, you'll be staying with me.
Amy : I'm Amy.
Amy : I'm your friend.
House : I'm sorry, but I don't remember either of you.
CAMERON : We've given him four rounds of electroshock.
Cameron : The charge made his voice a little higher, but the EKG and BP are good.
UNK: Good.
UNK: We're gonna give him his last round in the morning,
UNK: then be in court for your hearing.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I'm gonna stay here. Monitor Derek.
House : Thanks for the update.
House : My next condolence call is arriving. I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Wilson : I got you something.
UNK: Nice.
Wilson : I figured it might help make a good impression on the judge.
House : It's not that nice.
House : I had no business blaming you for any of this.
House : I know you were just trying to help me. Protect me.
House : That's what friends do.
Wilson : Is this an apology?
House : Part of the program.
House : If you don't like it, I can stop. Not at all.
Wilson : It's just so
UNK: unfamiliar.
Wilson : Please, keep going.
Amy : He looks lost.
UNK: It's gonna take him a while.
Amy : Brock's pulling a double shift.
Amy : He can't stand to see him this way.
UNK: Derek's gonna need him, Amy.
Cameron : I know the timing isn't great with a wedding coming up.
Amy : What wedding?
Cameron : Yours. You and Brock.
Amy : We're not getting married. We don't even date.
Amy : Why would you think we're getting married?
Velez : When you first offered Dr. House the chance to check into drug rehab,
Velez : how did he respond?
Tritter : He told me to get out of his office.
Tritter : I warned him that he could end up in prison and lose his medical license.
Tritter : If he was concerned, he didn't show it.
Velez : So you continued your investigation?
UNK: Yes.
Tritter : Which is what led me to the hospital pharmacy.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Gemeiner : Turn it off. What did you tell the pharmacist
UNK: was the reason for your visit?
UNK: I thought I told you never to call me when I'm on trial.
Cameron : The memories were false. We fried his brain for nothing.
Chase : Whatever was killing him before is still there.
Foreman : We did an MRI.
Velez : What did you find when you checked the pharmacy log?
Judge : Hold on, Mr. Vickers.
UNK: Thanks, Your Honor. It's hard to hear.
UNK: Did you test for clotting time and LV function?
UNK: I believe that this is a medical emergency, Your Honor.
Chase : His blood's normal and his heart's pumping it up to the brain.
House : But it's not all getting there.
House : Something's obstructing the blood flow...
Judge : Dr. House, you were given adequate notice
Judge : to make arrangements for your patients.
UNK: There's no hyper intensity to suggest a foreign body near the region.
House : It's lower down.
Judge : Dr. House, hang up!
UNK: Now!
House : Hang on a second.
House : Does your voice always get that high and annoying when you're angry?
Judge : Do you want to go to jail?
House : No, thank you.