Cameron : LP was negative for meningitis.
Cameron : We're back to square one.
Chase : What about something vascular? Polyarteritis nodosa?
UNK: Brain lesions would have shown up on the CT.
Foreman : Legionnaire's explains the chills and temperature.
Foreman : Altered mental status causes the aggression.
UNK: We would have seen respiratory problems.
Cameron : We're throwing darts. We need to go to House.
Cameron : We need to deal with this ourselves.
Cameron : He can make the time! Derek's still his patient.
Chase : The man's life as he knows it could be over.
UNK: I think you of all people would want to cut him some slack.
Cameron : We're treating a man who runs into burning buildings for perfect strangers.
Cameron : He didn't ask for what's happening to him. House did everything to himself.
Cameron : He's been cut more than enough slack.
Foreman : Right now, House has more important things to deal with.
WOMAN : It was the first time I'd seen him in months.
Woman : I guess I was hoping he'd put his arms around me and tell me he understood.
Woman : But he said he wasn't ready to forgive me.
UNK: Well, he may never be ready.
Therapist : You're doing the only thing you can do. You're trying.
Therapist : How about you, Greg?
UNK: Have you thought about how to fix things with people in your life?
House : No need.
UNK: The people in my life have no expectations of me.
House : Makes all our lives easier.
Therapist : Apparently not.
Therapist : The first step in recovery...
House : Is admitting I have a problem.
UNK: I've obviously done that or I wouldn't be here.
UNK: I've even embraced step two and accepted that there is a higher power.
UNK: Maybe not a god per se, but that André the Giant guy was powerful.
House : Where I start to butt up against it is step three,
House : surrendering my will to this higher power.
UNK: I'm sure André's ghost has my back and all, but my free will,
House : I never leave home without it.
UNK: Kind of like your pills.
Therapist : If you could do this on your own, I assume you wouldn't be here.
UNK: True.
Chase : Everybody lies. His tox screen.
Cameron : It's been clean every time.
Chase : Exactly. It shouldn't be.
Chase : He's had extensive skin grafts, which hurt like hell.
Cameron : Not everybody's House. People can handle pain without medication.
Chase : But they do have pain.
Chase : This guy's worried about losing his job, so he's hiding the pain.
Chase : We find out where the pain is, maybe we find out what the problem is.
Foreman : Or he doesn't feel pain.
Chase : Either way, it's something.
UNK: PAGERS BEEPING
UNK: When? Two minutes ago.
UNK: Pulse is 157, respiration 42.
Amy : He was fine. He was just telling me a joke,
UNK: just a minute ago... Get her out of here!
Foreman : No fluid in his lungs!
UNK: O2 stat's 85. He's hypoxic! We're gonna have to intubate!
Chase : It's not his lungs! He's got marked ST elevation.
Chase : He's having a heart attack.
UNK: Pick a color.
Voldemort : Medication time.
UNK: "You are a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day."