UNK: MRSA's a bacteria that often infects hospital patients.
Cameron : The burns on your chest and arm exposed raw flesh that made you a wide-open target.
Derek : But the antibiotics would take care of it, right?
Cameron : Depends on what strain it is.
Cameron : We'll know more once we get the results back from these cultures.
Derek : So this MRSA thing,
Derek : would it make everything look blue?
Foreman : He's seeing blue.
UNK: Who'd you get the scrip from?
UNK: Cuddy. You wanna know what I gave her?
Cameron : MRSA wouldn't change his ocular palette.
Foreman : Heavy metal poisoning could cause vision changes, particularly thallium.
Chase : If it was thallium, he'd be losing his hair.
House : So maybe it's menopause.
Foreman : He's 28 years old.
Chase : Yes, his age is the reason it's weird that a man has menopause.
House : Male menopause. High estrogen, low testosterone.
UNK: Explains the temperature swings, disorientation,
House : endocrinologically similar to female menopause,
House : but without the vaginas and the mahjong tiles.
Foreman : Male menopause doesn't explain the blue vision.
House : Blue vision isn't a symptom. It's a side effect of Viagra.
House : It's right there on the label,
UNK: which I'd had no reason to have read, except that I'm a doctor.
Cameron : He's not taking Viagra.
House : You mean he didn't tell you he was taking Viagra.
House : I don't care how sick he is. Trust me, he still thinks he's got a shot.
House : Menopause causes temperature swings, limpness, limpness causes pills,
UNK: pills cause the blues.
Chase : He's presenting no other signs of premature aging.
House : Aging's not the only cause.
UNK: You said that he's got burns on 54% of his body.
House : Sure it's not 55%?
Foreman : Burns to his genitals could cause testicular trauma.
House : Which could in turn cause...
House : Run a hormone panel.
UNK: When it comes back positive, pump him full of testosterone and send him home.
House : Stop following me!
Derek : Thank God my parents are dead.
UNK: If the old man had heard I had menopause, I'd never live it down.
Foreman : It's nothing to be ashamed of.
Foreman : Once these testosterone pellets dissolve, your system will be back to normal.
UNK: Yeah, but until then I'm an old lady.
UNK: Okay to come in?
Cameron : It's not MRSA. He's not being isolated anymore.
Derek : Anyone not in a white coat is welcome.
Amy : You're looking better. How you feeling?
UNK: I'm good.
Derek : It turns out I got some hormone thing. They're fixing it right now.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah, I think so, I just...
UNK: Derek, are you in pain?
Derek : You need to get these out! Okay, hold on, what's wrong?
DEREK : Get these out! What's going on?
Foreman : Looks like an allergic reaction.
Cameron : Hold on! We're going to get you something to stop it.
UNK: It's okay. No, just take them out!
UNK: But you've got to calm down. It's okay. Get them out!
UNK: Derek! Get them out!
Amy : Derek, let her go!
Amy : Derek, let her go!
UNK: Two milligrams of IV lorazepam, stat!
Derek : Get them out!