Judge : Preliminary hearing is set for the 19th at 10 : 00 a.m.,
Judge : at which time I'll determine whether there's enough evidence to proceed to trial.
Judge : Next case on the calendar. People versus Williams.
UNK: Charge is assault in the second degree
Judge : with intent to cause injury to another person.
UNK: I see the defense has submitted a motion to dismiss...
UNK: You gonna go talk to him?
UNK: I was just gonna ask him where he gets his hair cut.
Gemeiner : They have your signature in the prescription log, a security camera video,
Gemeiner : and a pharmacist's sworn statement saying you stole a dead guy's pills.
Gemeiner : You're already looking at 10 years.
Gemeiner : You wanna add a witness intimidation charge?
Gemeiner : Go ahead, ask him about his hair.
UNK: He suffered third-degree burns over 54% of his body, a year ago,
Cameron : and arrived in the ER last night, disoriented and shivering.
UNK: For 12 hours his temperature was bouncing between 96 and 102.
Chase : Why don't you contest the search of the pharmacy records?
Foreman : Yeah. You could argue it violated doctor-patient confidentiality.
UNK: Except he wasn't the patient or the doctor.
Cameron : He was the guy who stole from the patient and the doctor!
UNK: This was the third time he'd been disoriented in the last two weeks.
UNK: Running into smoke-filled burning buildings can be a bit disorienting.
House : Fortunately, I have the cure. Stop doing it.
Cameron : He's not in a burning building anymore, and he's still shivering.
UNK: A hypothalamic tumor could cause a vacillating temperature.
House : So could ER nurses who were too busy to notice
House : that a patient likes both hot coffee and cold sodas.
Cameron : He tested negative for Hep C, TB, HIV, Lyme, and his tox screen's clean.
House : In case you hadn't noticed, not exactly in the mood to dance.
Cameron : I'm not asking you to dance. I'm asking you to do your job.
House : EKG showed arrhythmia. Probably just a mild heart attack.
Cameron : No chest pain. And smoke inhalation already explains the arrhythmia.
UNK: The guy was in the burn unit for six months and had multiple surgeries.
UNK: Could be a hospital-acquired infection. Maybe MRSA.
House : Works for me.
UNK: Draw a blood culture, start him on antibiotics,
House : vancomycin plus broad gram-negative coverage.
House : If you called to see the design for my prison tats, they're still in R and D.
Cuddy : You need to talk to Tritter.
House : Not according to my lawyer.
UNK: Your lawyer isn't gonna be able to get the DA to drop the case. Tritter can.
House : Yeah, you know what else Tritter can do?
Cuddy : You are not impressing anyone!
Cuddy : You may call yourself principled,
Cuddy : but what you really are is a stubborn adolescent idiot!
Cuddy : This isn't his fault! I'm not the one who...
Cuddy : You used the rectal thermometer on him.
Cuddy : You insulted him instead of apologizing.
Cuddy : You flaunted your drug use in his face and you refused to accept a deal...
House : I accepted the deal!
Cuddy : Not until after you stole a dead guy's pills!
UNK: Allegedly.
Cuddy : Tritter has been opening doors for you every step of the way
Cuddy : and you keep slamming them shut.
Cuddy : There are no more openings to give, House.
Cuddy : If you wanna stay out of prison, you got to make one for yourself.
UNK: It's Vicodin. You function better on it. Talk to him.