House : Now can I do the surgery? Pretty, pretty please.
UNK: Lisa,
Alfredo : are you sure you're okay with this?
Cuddy : I should be the one to tell the family.
Cuddy : Your hand is dying.
Cuddy : The bacteria are eating it.
Cuddy : When they run out of food there, they go somewhere else.
Alfredo : If you cut off my hand, I'll be cured?
Cuddy : Unfortunately, no.
Cuddy : We still have to find the disease that's making you sick to begin with.
Cuddy : But you won't die of gangrene while we're looking.
Alfredo : I quit school when I am 12 to get a job,
Alfredo : to help my family.
Alfredo : I know I never get a good job,
Alfredo : never save money or own my own house like you.
Alfredo : But, Manny, he's smart.
UNK: He's the best in his class.
Cuddy : Well, maybe Manny doesn't have to quit school.
Cuddy : Maybe you can...
Alfredo : Are you sure I need to do this?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : I gave one of my clinic patients a follow-up call.
Foreman : Your name came up.
House : I'm guessing an old black guy
UNK: who thinks the CIA invented rap music to make your people want to kill each other.
UNK: He said you gave him the white folks' stuff.
Foreman : This is exactly why black people don't live as long...
House : This isn't about race, unless annoying is a race.
House : - Is he not getting better? - He's fine so far.
Foreman : I'm calling him back in. I'm getting him on the right stuff.
House : Relax, Foreman, he already is.
House : I told him it was the white stuff. I gave him the black stuff.
UNK: Foreman [shaking His Head] : He was right.
UNK: Foreman [shaking His Head] : You did exactly what white people do.
UNK: Foreman [shaking His Head] : You figure we don't need to know the truth or can't understand it,
UNK: Foreman [shaking His Head] : so you just lie to us.
House : - Just a white lie. - Good one, massa.
UNK: Right, and I'm a racist.
House : Too bad that idiot will never know for the rest of his long, long life.
Foreman : Every slave master thought they were doing the black man a favor.
Foreman : Negro can't take care of himself, so we'll put him to work.
UNK: We'll give him four walls, a bed.
Foreman : We'll civilize the heathen.
Cuddy : I'll tell you what. Stop doing us favors.
Foreman : If you're right, and we end up back in the jungle
Foreman : with lousy blood pressure medicine,
Foreman : it won't be on your head.