Cuddy : Judging by how it looks, he could lose his hand.
Wilson : How does falling off your roof do that to a guy's fingers?
UNK: He could have tweaked a vertebra in his neck.
UNK: Could impinge the ulnar...
House : Sorry, trouble concentrating.
House : That tank top really absorbs moisture.
UNK: Could impinge the ulnar nerve, cut the blood flow.
UNK: Or it could be disseminated intravascular coagulopathy.
UNK: DIC?
Wilson : Guy falls off a roof, the first thought is always,
UNK: "It's a clotting problem".
House : Trauma can activate the clotting enzymes.
UNK: - Guy could lose more than his hand. - Thank you very much.
Cuddy : This guy's been working for me for a long time, and I...
UNK: House [takes Chart] : Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
House : Cervical MRI. Work up for DIC. And start him on a heparin drip.
Cameron : - Who? - You wanna know his name?
House : I'm sure it's in the file. Or you could ask her.
House : She's his oldest, bestest friend. They were in Cub Scouts together.
Cuddy : I'll get started on the blood tests.
House : You haven't been a real doctor in 10 years.
UNK: You'll make a mess all over the sheets.
Alfredo : - I'll do it. - You have clinic duty.
Cuddy : - I still know how to handle a patient. - Get me blood.
House : Lots of blood.
House : They're better. They've showered.
Stacy : You don't need to see him.
Cuddy : One-handed handymen aren't in big demand.
Stacy : Talking. That's how lawsuits are lost.
Stacy : I know you, Lisa.
Stacy : You go in, you offer to pay his medical bills, his wages,
Stacy : you'll say something stupid like, "I'm sorry".
Cuddy : You think I'm an idiot.
Stacy : I think you're not a lawyer. Don't go in there.
Stacy : Trust me, House's people can handle this.
UNK: Yeah.
Chase : This might sting a little bit.
Chase : The medicine will thin the blood and help it to circulate.
UNK: Those are pretty nasty scars there.
UNK: I work construction.
Cuddy : How long will I be in the hospital?
Chase : Depends how long it takes us to figure out what's going on.
Alfredo : I need to work. I'll get fired.
Chase : I'm sure Dr. Cuddy won't fire you.
UNK: I'm a janitor at fast food six nights. I need to work.
Alfredo : - My mother doesn't make enough. - I can work. I'm old enough.
Alfredo : You're old enough when you finish college.
UNK: Brother manny : Why? You never went...
Alfredo : I never had a big brother to tell me to shut up!
Chase : I promise we'll let you out of here as soon as we're able to.
UNK: Look, I... I am fine. Okay? I feel better. I go home now.
Chase : No. If this is a clotting problem, it could be very serious.
Chase : - All right? - Look, you can't make me stay.
Chase : - Wait... - You can't make me stay.
Chase : Turn your hand over.
Chase : I need to see your hand.
UNK: Where's Dr. Cuddy?
UNK: We've got a third finger turning dark.
UNK: His PTT is prolonged and the fibrin split products are off.
Cameron : He's not clotting properly. It looks like a mild case of DIC.
House : Well, obviously not that mild.
UNK: This keeps up, his hand is literally gonna be dead meat.
House : His hand is connected to his arm, and his arm is connected to...
House : I'm not sure, but I bet it's important.
Cuddy : All this from falling off my roof!
House : Yeah. If only he'd fallen on his head.