House : What do you think? Red thongs?
House : I think red thongs.
UNK: Okay, 20 bucks says I can get through this door in 20 seconds.
Chase : - You're on. - Count me in.
Cuddy : No furniture polish, no paint thinner, nor anything else worth sniffing.
UNK: Cameron [calling From Another Room] : Nothing in here, either, except a few cockroaches.
UNK: Nice. Someone should fix Alfredo's roof.
Cameron : So, why haven't you fired House?
Cameron : It's just, you guys are always screaming at each other,
UNK: - and I figure you hate him, so... - I don't hate him.
Cameron : Why not?
Cameron : He's a great doctor,
Cameron : but any other hospital administrator would have fired him years ago.
Cuddy : Four of them did.
Cuddy : The question is, why did I hire him?
UNK: So, how'd you know about her key?
Foreman : You been doing a little handyman work for Cuddy yourself?
House : Someone as obsessive and insecure as Cuddy probably has three extra keys
UNK: hidden away within 10 feet of the door.
Foreman : And you consider obsession a negative quality.
House : Insecticide is organic. Soap is hypoallergenic.
House : I got the bedroom.
House : This is where it all happens.
Cameron : You both went to Michigan. Did you know him while you were there?
Cuddy : I was still an undergrad, but, yeah, I knew him.
Cuddy : He was already a legend.
Cameron : - So you just knew him as a legend? - My God, you're subtle.
UNK: Anything on your mind?
Cuddy : - More cockroaches? - Worse.
UNK: Beautiful.
UNK: There's no way you just deduced where that key was.
House : Does this count as red?
UNK: You gave yourself 20 seconds and put money on it.
House : Oh, my God.
House : She's got pictures of you in here.
House : Just you. It's like some kind of weird shrine.
Chase : - You're kidding. - Yeah.
House : She uses super tampons. What does that mean?
Chase : You two are just too nasty to each other not to have been nasty.
House : I can be a jerk to people I haven't slept with.
House : I am that good.
Foreman : There's nothing here.
Foreman : You ready to go, or you got some more stuff you wanna sniff?
House : Whoa! Check this out.
House : It's fuzzy. It's black. It's alive.