House : Tell him you want to place a bet.
Wilson : It's Cuddy.
House : I already put him on the psittacosis meds.
UNK: As soon as you left.
House : You're welcome.
House : What do you think the record for one-handed juggling is?
Wilson : You can yo-yo one-handed.
House : Good point.
Alfredo : I always wash my hands.
Cuddy : If a bird is infected, you can get psittacosis just from breathing his dust.
UNK: But then, why do I get sick and nobody else?
Cuddy : Your asthma made you vulnerable.
Cuddy : - You're gonna be all right now. - Yes.
Alfredo : For saving my life.
Cuddy : He thanked me.
Stacy : - He should have. - We cut off his hand.
Cuddy : If we'd figured it out earlier...
UNK: If you'd figured it out later, he'd be dead.
Cuddy : I never figured it out at all.
House : - Hello. - What do you want, House?
UNK: If you're wallowing in self-loathing, I've got something that might help.
House : We're getting sued.
UNK: Stacy [surprised] : - You saved his life. He admitted that. - We'll settle.
Cuddy : He's got a stub where his hand used to be. We have insurance.
Cuddy : Case seems pretty solid to me.
House : The new American dream. Happy ending.
House : Kid's gonna be just fine.
UNK: Cuddy,
House : your guilt.
House : It's perverse and it makes you a crappy doctor.
House : It also makes you okay at what you do.
Cuddy : You figure a perverted sense of guilt makes me a good boss.
House : Now, would the world be a better place if people never felt guilty?
House : Makes sex better.
UNK: You should have seen her in the last months of our relationship.
UNK: A lot of guilt. A lot of screaming.
House : I know this wasn't just because it was your roof.
UNK: Cuddy,
House : you see the world as it is, and you see the world as it could be.
UNK: And what you don't see is what everybody else sees,
House : the giant gaping chasm in between.
UNK: House, I'm not naive. I realize...
House : If you did, you never would have hired me.
House : You're not happy unless things are just right,
House : which means two things.
UNK: That you're a good boss, and you'll never be happy.
House : By the way, why does everybody think you and I had sex?
UNK: You think there could be something to it?
Wilson : Cuddy feels guilty about not diagnosing psittacosis any earlier?
UNK: I think so.
Wilson : There's no way she could have.
UNK: No.
Wilson : No way she could have.
House : It's raining.