Cameron : His fingers are even darker.
UNK: His temperature's 102 and spiking.
Cameron : And the x-ray now shows lung infiltrates.
UNK: Well, the good news is he won't be bitching about losing his hand if he can't breathe.
UNK: The trauma from the fall could have caused acute respiratory distress syndrome.
House : Right. I forgot. Your roof.
Cuddy : It would cause lung infiltrates and maybe fever
Cuddy : and conceivably the cyanotic fingers.
House : - The only question is why. - Why what?
House : Why her weird psychopathology
UNK: requires a diagnosis informed entirely by personal guilt.
House : Let's assume we've been wrong up until now.
House : Let's assume, just for one second,
House : that the earth doesn't revolve around Cuddy's roof.
House : What if he was sick before he had his run-in with gravity?
House : He just didn't notice anything.
Foreman : Well, pneumonia can cause DIC which can cause cyanotic fingers.
Chase : - Pneumonia doesn't hit that fast. - Sure.
House : Only pavement hits that fast. It's not pneumonia.
UNK: He might have missed a finger turning dark.
UNK: He's not gonna miss breathing problems.
House : - What else? - It's pneumonia.
UNK: Cuddy [looking At X-ray] : He wanted to go home. I thought he was lying.
UNK: Cuddy [looking At X-ray] : I told him I had a dinner party. I made him go up there.
House : Well, why didn't you just take out a gun and shoot him?
Cuddy : I thought it was just asthma.
UNK: You might've mentioned this earlier, Doctor.
House : Maybe we could have sent some blood cultures to the lab
House : instead of wasting a day indulging your self-loathing.
Cameron : If it's just garden-variety bacterial pneumonia, he's gonna be fine.
House : So give him garden-variety Levaquin, and a garden-variety echocardiogram.
House : And go check out the kid's house.
Cuddy : The blood work will show us which type of pneumonia it is...
House : If he's huffing nail polish or pulling the wings off his pet parrot,
House : this way'll be faster.
UNK: And I bet Julio's just dying to find out what's wrong with him.
House : - Go with her. - It's Alfredo.
Cuddy : And I can handle getting a key and...
House : Rico and I no longer trust you deciding what's important and what's not.
Foreman : You ever think about writing a book on office politics?
Stacy : Trust me,
House : it would be a lot worse if I told her that you had to break into her house.
UNK: What? Wait, wait, wait... Cuddy's house?
House : See? It is shocking.
UNK: The guy's been working there every day for the last three weeks.
UNK: You think it's impossible he could've picked something up?
Foreman : - I'm not breaking into my boss's house. - I'm your boss.
Chase : She's scarier than you are.
House : She's a woman. Relax. I'm coming with.
Stacy : House is having lunch with his juniors now?
Wilson : - No. Not a chance. - Then where do you think they're going?
Wilson : I have no idea.
Stacy : Then why don't you think they're going to lunch?
Wilson : Because it's not like House. That was your point, right?
Stacy : He had that smug look on his face.
UNK: When he's that pleased about something
UNK: he's gotta tell somebody, and the only somebody he knows is you.
UNK: Wilson [sighs] : - He's breaking into Cuddy's home. - What?
UNK: Why?
Wilson : Medical reasons?
Stacy : Why is he so curious about Cuddy?
Wilson : Why are you so curious about his curiosity?
Wilson : Why are you so curious about me...
Wilson : Because you dumped him and you're married
Wilson : and they are neither of those things.
Stacy : I'm just curious.
Stacy : - Nothing wrong with that. - No. Nothing wrong with that.