UNK: You wondering if you made the right call?
UNK: I've wanted to be a doctor from the time I was 12.
Stacy : I wanted to be a lawyer from the time I was six
Stacy : until my second week of law school.
Stacy : Sorry. Your story.
Cuddy : I graduated medical school at 25, pissed off that I was second in my class.
Cuddy : Chief of medicine at 32, second youngest ever, first woman...
Stacy : Sad story.
Cuddy : If I had been Alfredo's doctor...
Stacy : You are his doctor.
Cuddy : I insisted on giving him Protein C. We had to cut his skull open.
Cuddy : I insisted on amphotericin, killed his kidneys.
Cuddy : I missed the pneumonia completely.
UNK: I would have searched his home and ignored mine.
Cuddy : I would have watched him die trying to save his hand.
Cuddy : If I didn't have House looking over my shoulder...
UNK: Are you saying you're not as good a doctor as House is?
Cuddy : I'm saying House is right.
UNK: I was so anxious to get ahead.
Cuddy : I haven't been a doctor in years.
UNK: His little finger is dusky.
Cuddy : Yeah, that's why we're doing this.
Chase : No. I mean the other hand, the one we haven't chopped off yet.
UNK: His O2 sats are down to 88.
Cuddy : His lungs are giving out. He needs a ventilator.
Cameron : And dialysis.
UNK: You're getting distracted by the multisystem organ failure.
House : Pinkies are supposed to be pink, right?
Cameron : I mean, they're not called "gray-ies".
Cuddy : But the organ failure is gonna kill him.
House : But the pinky is weirder.
House : What does it tell us?
UNK: The same thing the right hand told us before we cut it off.
Foreman : - It's the same symptom. - But at a different time.
House : His blood work indicates mild DIC.
UNK: What if it's mild in the way that when you get out of the ocean,
House : the water clinging to your body makes the sea level drop?
House : It's technically true, but it's completely irrelevant.
UNK: A lack of DIC would explain everything
Foreman : if there were also a lack of anything to explain.
UNK: Endocarditis. His heart's infected.
House : Little bacteria cauliflowers, clinging to his valves.
House : Except sometimes they can't hold on. They go swimming in his bloodstream.
House : Thursday, one breaks off, goes to his right hand,
House : black fingers, gangrene.
House : Friday's child heads for the kidneys.
UNK: And we all know what Saturdays are all about.
House : Party with the left hand.
House : Also explains the fever.
Cuddy : It's perfect except for the little fact
UNK: that we already tested for endocarditis,
Cuddy : and he was negative.
UNK: Which means he either is negative or...
UNK: What infection can cause pneumonia and culture-negative endocarditis?
House : Prize value goes down with every clue.
Chase : You're thinking psittacosis?
Chase : Alfredo doesn't have any pet parrots.
UNK: Quit your squawking. Give him doxycycline.
Cuddy : No! That'll just make his clotting problem worse.
House : I liked you better when you were coming up with wacky drugs for us to try.
House : We give him the doxy now, damn it, maybe we can save his pinky.
House : He can teach his brother to count all the way to five.
Cameron : If you're wrong, he'll end up with no hands and no feet.
House : Technically, if I'm wrong, he'll end up dead, but I take your point.
House : - What's his night job? - He cleans up at some fast food joint.
UNK: What, you think he got it from a chicken nugget?
House : Since when do fast food joints allow 12-year-olds to mop floors?
UNK: - Alfredo is 20. - Really? Looks younger.
UNK: House [to Alfredo] : Where were you going to work tonight?
House : What job do you do on Saturday nights?
Cuddy : - What are you doing? - Wake him up.
Cuddy : We just cut off his hand.
House : - Yeah. We need to talk about it. - It's not happening.
UNK: Honest, I've got no idea what I just said.
Cuddy : Why didn't you say you spoke Spanish?
House : Well, because she'd wanna talk to me.
UNK: House [to Cuddy] : Or something like that.
House : She says he doesn't work Saturday nights.
House : Give me the talking juice.
Cuddy : The fact it doesn't fit your theory doesn't make it a lie.
House : When she was out of the room,
UNK: the kid brother insisted he was gonna cover for Alfredo at work tonight.
House : Saturday nights he goes dancing.
House : Either it's a lie or he's dancing with birds.
House : Give her the talking juice.
Cuddy : She doesn't know what you're talking about.
UNK: Odds are it's gonna be close to his house.
UNK: It's probably an abandoned warehouse or factory.
House : Take the Scooby gang and spread out.
Cuddy : What the hell are we looking for?
House : Find somebody who looks like crap.