UNK: - You gonna tell her? - That you suspect an affair?
UNK: Sure. Well, she already hates you, why not?
UNK: Because you think getting it off your chest will let you sleep better.
House : It won't. You'll end up sleeping on my lumpy couch.
Wilson : There's nothing to tell.
House : Why are you playing foosball here at 8 : 00 at night?
UNK: You always wanna simplify everything.
Wilson : Boil it down to nice, easy equations. Nice, easy answers.
House : Go home and have sex with your wife.
UNK: His heart is back in sinus rhythm. There's a lot of damage, though.
Cameron : It was brucellosis, but we got to it too late.
UNK: The vegetation broke off in his main coronary artery
Cameron : and caused an infarction.
UNK: His heart muscle's half dead. He'll be lucky to last a week.
House : Other than that, how's he doing?
UNK: Seriously.
House : His brain, testicle, lungs, tonsils, how's all that other stuff doing?
Cameron : His brain is clear now and so is the genito-urinary tract
Cameron : and his kidney function is good.
House : So, all he needs is a heart and he's out of here.
House : He's a prime candidate for transplant.
House : Doesn't smoke, drinks moderately.
UNK: His tox screen was negative for illegal drugs and legal ones.
UNK: Surveillance blood cultures show absolutely no sign
House : of any lingering brucella bacteria.
UNK: He's 66 years old.
UNK: He told me he was 65.
House : Liar. I'm out of here.
Simpson : There is an inverse correlation between patient age and success rates.
House : He's in excellent health.
UNK: This was his first hospitalization since breaking his leg at 23.
House : Or 22, I'm not sure anymore.
Simpson : If this patient were to survive the operation,
Simpson : he'd get another, what,
UNK: five, 10, maybe 20 years if he's very lucky?
House : So you're saying that old people aren't as worth saving as young people?
Cuddy : He's saying that hearts are a scarce resource.
UNK: - We have to choose criteria... - No, I get it.
House : Women live longer, so they should get preference, right?
UNK: And African-Americans, they die a lot younger,
House : so to hell with them.
UNK: What, you think you're gonna win me over by calling me a racist?
House : If the test is who gets to use it the longest,
House : you can either be a racist or a hypocrite.
Simpson : Your patient had a life, a family.
UNK: We've got 18-year-old kids who...
House : How old are you, Doctor?
House : When do we get to toss you on an ice floe?
UNK: And thank you, Dr. House.
Cuddy : Unless anybody else has any further questions,
Cuddy : we will now go into private session.
House : Oh, I'm on pins and needles. I wonder how you'll decide.
UNK: The Nets just won their third game in a row, beat the Lakers.
Henry : I'm sorry.
Foreman : They voted no.
UNK: So,
UNK: when
Henry : will I die?
UNK: You might have a week.
Cameron : I wrote a letter to the Board of Directors
Cameron : appealing the transplant committee's decision.
Cameron : I'm alleging bias against you clouded their medical judgment.
Cameron : - I need you to sign. - They made the right call.
Cameron : You don't believe that. You told the committee...
House : I was advocating for my patient.
Cameron : Then why are you...
House : Advocating for my patient.
UNK: I've got that clinic duty.
House : I need you to get me the files on everybody who dies here today.
Cameron : You really think this thing will change their decision?
UNK: Nope.