Ellen : I thought he was telling you.
House : I didn't know.
UNK: You should never make assumptions.
Donald : What did you want from me?
House : I'm sorry for your loss.
House : But I need your wife's heart.
Woman : The organ procurement coordinator just left the hospital.
House : Means we got lucky. Either that or she's getting lunch.
House : Dead woman's last name have a "U" or a "W"?
Cameron : You're hacking into a confidential patient file?
House : Is that a problem for you?
UNK: It's a "U". N-E-U.
UNK: Berger.
House : Three minutes ago, her organs were officially declared "not viable."
House : Time to go dumpster diving.
UNK: Hey!
Foreman : She's got Hepatitis C. Her ALTs are three times normal.
Foreman : With Henry's immune system down, an infected heart will kill him.
House : Fortunately, she didn't have Hep C.
Foreman : - She tested positive. - Her history says otherwise.
House : Her husband told me she was running a fever with stomach pains,
House : not symptomatic of Hep C.
Amy : What are you doing? What are you doing?
Donald : Hey, what are you doing?
House : Again, sorry.
House : But we need to talk.
Cuddy : Mr. Neuberger has every right to take his wife off the ventilator.
House : His wife signed an organ donor card.
Cuddy : Which became invalid when her organs were turned down.
House : I can use them! I just need some time.
House : Committee says they won't take her heart.
House : Another committee says a guy can't have a heart.
House : It's a marriage made in heaven.
UNK: I could find a surgical team that can do this,
House : classify it as experimental. It's not gonna screw with their numbers.
House : This is what she wanted. She wanted her organs to help other...
Donald : She never wanted to be kept alive on a ventilator!
House : She's not, she's dead!
House : She's not in pain, she's not suffering,
House : it's just her meat we're dealing with here.
Donald : - This is my wife. - Not anymore.
Donald : She deserves some respect, some dignity.
House : - I respect the living. - Right!
Donald : That is why you made me think that you were her doctor,
Donald : made me believe that maybe there was some hope.
House : - I never said that I was her doctor. - Fine! You didn't lie,
Donald : but you sure as hell didn't give me any respect.
Donald : I'm taking her off the machines. Now.
Cuddy : Nicely played.
House : It's not over.
Amy : Excuse me. Are you Mr. Neuberger?
Donald : Yeah, why?
Amy : I'm Amy Arrington.
Amy : I wanted to thank you.