Chase : How are you feeling, sir?
Chase : Mr. Arrington?
Amy : What's going on?
Chase : His heart's not pumping enough blood to his brain.
UNK: We're gonna have to give it some help. Get the balloon ready.
House : Do you use this drawer?
Donald : No, that's for her vitamins.
House : And sleeping pills.
Donald : She never took sleeping pills.
UNK: Okay.
House : You on a diet?
UNK: No.
Donald : I guess you never really know someone, do you?
House : Quite the insight.
UNK: She lied to you about her hair color
House : and didn't want you to know she thought she was fat.
House : Unless you never lied to her about anything that huge,
House : I think you can probably let those slide.
Foreman : Diet pills could have messed her up.
UNK: Raised the liver enzymes and caused the bellyache.
House : Not the fever.
Foreman : Maybe something else set off the fever.
House : Like what?
Cameron : Before I show you these, they were in a locked drawer in her desk.
Cameron : The vice principal said that Laura must have confiscated them.
Cameron : - They've had some problems... - Neither interesting nor helpful.
House : This, at least, is interesting.
Henry : No, it's not.
House : Sex with teenagers isn't interesting? Where did you grow up?
Foreman : It isn't helpful. Teenage boys aren't toxins.
House : What if the cyst isn't a cyst?
Cameron : Then we have nothing to go on.
House : I said it's not a cyst. I didn't say it was nothing.
House : What if it's a scar?
Foreman : FitzHugh-Curtis syndrome?
UNK: You're pushing gonorrhea again?
UNK: You got anything better?
UNK: Test her. And start her on ceftriaxone.
Donald : What are you testing for now?
Cameron : Just some more infections.
Cameron : She's positive for gonorrhea.
House : I think that's the first time those words have been uttered in joy.
UNK: The meds are started.
Cameron : Her heart should be clear enough to use in about four or five hours.
Cameron : I'll go tell the families.
Chase : He's in a coma.
House : - Start him on dobutamine. - Already did.
Chase : We either do the surgery now or we find him a new brain, too.
Cameron : House, she's still got a significant amount of gonorrhea in her system.
House : Hopefully tomorrow it'll be in his system.
House : I need two O.R.'s and the transplant team.
UNK: Get ready.
House : - What is it? - Excuse me.
UNK: Insert IV.
UNK: Sides up.
UNK: What's going on? Is he getting a heart?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Come on, come on.
Donald : I assume this means you found out what was wrong with Laura.