Beckett : What was it, Castle? Did you witness a murder?
Beckett : Or did you skin your knee and it bled?
UNK: Hmm. Speaking of trauma, I wonder how late Alexis is gonna be at her party.
UNK: Little Feggin is suffering from separation issues.
Beckett : Come on, Castle. You know mine. Tit for tat.
UNK: Just because I've seen your tat, doesn't mean I'm gonna show you my...
Castle : Check this out.
UNK: Dated two years ago. "A murdered woman was unearthed
UNK: "in the Pennsylvania woods above Lehigh River late Sunday night.
UNK: "Investigators say she'd been buried in the shallow grave for years."
Alexis : - And? - "Based on the remains,
UNK: "investigators have attempted a forensic reconstruction
UNK: "of the murdered woman's face."
Beckett : That's the woman from Crow's drawings.
Castle : Yet, in the graphic novel,
Castle : she consistently appears as the Angel of Death.
UNK: Okay, so Crow became obsessed with Daemon's case study.
Beckett : Why would they go to this much trouble to hide it?
Castle : Why would someone kill to find it?
Castle : - Castle. - Mmm.
UNK: These sketches were drawn four years ago.
Castle : No, no. That's impossible.
Castle : This body wasn't discovered until two years ago.
Beckett : So, either Crow is psychic or...
UNK: Or he knew this woman before she died.
UNK: Hey, Alexis, how you doing? Everything okay?
UNK: No, Dad, it's Paige.
UNK: I think the punch is spiked and she had too much to drink.
UNK: I'm afraid something's gonna happen to her.
UNK: I'm on my way.
Martha : Oh, my God. Is she all right?
UNK: Dr Frank : I don't know. She was swapping drinks for kisses,
Alexis : and I tried to pull her away, but she wouldn't let me.
UNK: Would you get me a glass of water?
UNK: - Leave me alone, Alexis. - Paige.
UNK: Now, you're sure she hasn't been throwing up or unconscious?
Alexis : - No, just falling down. - All right. Call her parents.
Martha : Don't do it. My 'rents will murder me.
UNK: Don't do it, Mr. Castle. Just let me sleep over.
Castle : - What is she saying? - It's just drunk talk.
UNK: She says don't call her parents or they'll murder her.
Alexis : Just let her sleep over.
Alexis : - Do we have to call her parents? - We do. Get me their number.
Alexis : She'll get in so much trouble.
UNK: Less than if you had left her there.
UNK: Now.
UNK: - Try to get her to drink that. - Please.
UNK: Adora. That's what he called her.
UNK: Janice Freeman : We've seen her in Matthew's artwork for years.
UNK: Do you know who she is?
UNK: No. We just assumed that she was a figment of his imagination.
UNK: Rosie Freeman : He called her his own personal ghost.
UNK: Rosie Freeman : He said she appeared in his dreams and nightmares.
Beckett : Well, she's not a figment. She's very real.