Esposito : So, I thought, what the hell, compare the ballistics.
Esposito : The bullets are a match.
Beckett : Two murders, that many years apart.
Beckett : Anything on the mystery woman?
UNK: Mmm-mmm. Still haven't ID'd her.
Beckett : You know, Crow would have been two years old when that woman was killed.
Beckett : Do you remember anything from when you were that young?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : - Crow's portfolio? - Yeah.
UNK: And there's something you gotta see.
UNK: Look familiar?
UNK: It's the same tree. Just like where the body was found.
UNK: You don't draw something with that precision from a dream.
UNK: He's remembering it.
UNK: Crow witnessed that woman's murder when he was two years old.
UNK: He had to have been with someone,
UNK: a sitter or a family member. Or maybe even the killer.
UNK: Run a background check on the Freemans.
UNK: Find out where they were living 18 years ago.
Esposito : You got it.
UNK: Hey, Castle. Alexis okay?
UNK: She's a... She's a smart kid.
Castle : You took care of Feggin.
UNK: Yeah, well, he was easy.
UNK: He didn't even fuss when I put him to bed.
UNK: Yo. Ready for more tales of the weird and strangely odd?
UNK: We looked into the Freeman family history.
UNK: Freeman is Janice's maiden name.
UNK: When she and Alan got married, Alan took her name, so did Matthew.
Castle : Well, he's either a feminist or he's hiding something.
Beckett : What's Alan's original last name?
Ryan : McGinty. And I think he was hiding something.
Ryan : Alan's first wife, Elizabeth McGinty,
Ryan : went missing from Summit, New Jersey, 18 years ago.
Ryan : She was never found.
Beckett : Alan lied to us. He knew exactly who his son was drawing.
Beckett : He was drawing his real mother.
Esposito : And Summit's only a couple of hours from where the body was found.
UNK: "Elizabeth McGinty, maiden name, Dryden."
UNK: Dryden?
Castle : - Elizabeth Dryden! - What?
Castle : Question mark.
Castle : Remember what I told you about gravestones telling stories?
Beckett : Crow came here for a reason.
UNK: The cemetery management said that the family held a memorial service
Esposito : for their daughter about five years after she went missing.
UNK: Daemon must've looked at hundreds
Beckett : of reconstructed faces researching his thesis.
Beckett : I can't imagine the shock when he recognized one
Beckett : as the woman from Crow's drawings.