UNK: Hey, we got a hit on the...
UNK: Are we interrupting something?
Alexis : - No. - Yes.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: What'd you get a hit on?
UNK: The prints from the stake in Crow's heart.
UNK: - Your girl Vixen was right. - Morgan Lockerby.
Esposito : Only thing is, he's one of the great un-findables.
Esposito : No address, no phone number, no trail.
UNK: Maybe not. Here. Recognize that corner?
Beckett : That's Broome and Clinton, Lower East Side.
Castle : I think Crow may have drawn us a road map to Morlock.
UNK: It's that way.
Beckett : You've gotta be kidding me.
Ryan : You think he's in there?
UNK: It is daytime. If he thinks he's a vampire, that's where he'd be.
Beckett : I'll cover you.
Castle : - Together? - All right. On three.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: One. Two. Three.
Ryan : You see him jump? Real macho, Castle.
UNK: - Hey! Get him off! - Hey, hey, hey, hey.
UNK: - Get him off! Get him! - Get him off of him!
Castle : - He bit me. - Look!
Esposito : He is a vampire!
Lanie : He's not a vampire.
Esposito : But his skin burned when the light hit him.
Lanie : He has porphyria, some people call it "the vampire disease."
Lanie : Its symptoms include extreme photosensitivity.
Lanie : The skin blisters when it's exposed to the sun.
Lanie : Victims are prone to hallucinations, paranoia...
Beckett : - That explains his psych diagnosis. - Exactly how contagious is it?
Lanie : It's a genetic disease.
Lanie : Besides, I put enough antibiotics on that bite to kill a small animal.
Lanie : Now, if we're done here,
UNK: I gotta head back to the slab and see a man about a corpse.
Beckett : Thank you, Dr. Parish. Castle was totally freaked out.
Castle : You wanna bite me, you buy me dinner.
UNK: Mr. Lockerby.
Beckett : Morlock, do you know somebody named Crow?
UNK: You heartless bitch! Spots all over.
Morlock : - Spots all over. - Were you in the cemetery with Crow?
Morlock : Blood all over! Blood all over!
UNK: There's been a murder, Mr. Lockerby. Do you understand that?
Beckett : Were you in the cemetery with Crow?
Beckett : We found a wooden stake with your fingerprints all over it.
UNK: The cat creeps in to kill the bird.
Morlock : I should have buried you then, wicked boy.
Morlock : I should have buried you then.
UNK: Damn it, I didn't see him. I didn't see him. I didn't see...
Castle : I don't want to tell the public defender how to do her job,
UNK: but I'm gonna say that the insanity plea might be appropriate.
UNK: Maybe the state psychiatrist can help us make sense
UNK: out of Morlock's rantings before they take him away.
UNK: Beckett. Okay. Thanks.
UNK: That was the lab. They were calling me to tell me
UNK: that the smudge on the stake was India ink.
UNK: Morlock must've gotten some on his hands going through a dumpster.
Castle : - India ink? - Yeah. Why?
Castle : India ink, or Chinese ink, has been used since fourth century BC,
UNK: when it was called "masi."
Castle : It's water resistant, so it won't smudge when colored over.
Castle : It's also the ink used by letterers in comic books.
Castle : So, if Crow was the illustrator...
UNK: Then Crow's friend Daemon was the letterer.
Beckett : But what would the ink be doing on the stake?
Castle : What, indeed.
Beckett : - You guys, where are we on the friend? - We're working on it.
Beckett : Yeah, well, could you work a little faster?
Ryan : Hey, Castle, you wanna help?
UNK: I would love to, but I have got bigger pumpkins to carve.
Alexis : How's your Nosferatu coming?
Castle : The key to a good jack-o'-lantern is understanding negative space.
Alexis : It's not what's there, it's what's not there.
UNK: I have taught you well, grasshopper.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: What are my two pumpkin-masters carving for this year's party?
UNK: I am carving the traditional jack-o'-lantern,
Alexis : - Mr. Scary Pumpkin Face. Oh.
UNK: And I am carving Max Schreck in his role as Count Orlok.
UNK: Dad's a little vampire-obsessed because of his case.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Or maybe it's because of the bite.
UNK: I swear you have missed your calling.
UNK: I don't even know why you bother to write.
Alexis : You wanna carve with us?
UNK: Can't. I'm off to a masquerade ball. Perhaps I'll meet my Gatsby.
Castle : - Oh! - Whoa!
Castle : Mother, I'm impressed. You still fit into your prom dress.
Martha : Thank you, darling.
Martha : - Have you asked him yet? - I was waiting for the right moment.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Ask me what?
Alexis : Paige and I got invited to a party tomorrow,
Alexis : the night before Halloween, by seniors.
Castle : By your grandmother's friends?
UNK: No, Dad, 12th graders. But it'll be supervised.
Castle : This is one of those crossroads moments, isn't it?
Martha : Oh, let her go. She's far more responsible than you ever were.
Castle : Yes, you can go.
Castle : But if anything happens that makes you feel uncomfortable, anything at all,
Castle : you call me, I don't care what it is.
Castle : And there'll be no punishments, no incriminations, nothing, I promise,
Castle : just so long as you call.
UNK: Yeah, yeah, I will, I promise, but nothing's gonna happen.
UNK: - But there's one more thing, though. - Yes?
UNK: - Will you watch Feggin? - Why, is he gonna hatch?
UNK: No, our health teacher says we can't leave him alone.
Alexis : That's considered egg abuse.
Alexis : And since Paige and I are co-parenting and we're both going to the party,
Alexis : and her parents are going out, we need a sitter.
Martha : Oh. No, sorry. Plans.
UNK: Yeah, okay, sure, I'll watch your little egg child.
UNK: But I want you to know I'm far too young to be a grandparent.
UNK: And if any of those senior boys bother you,
UNK: Father won't be quite himself.