George : and I will help you.
George : Otherwise, leave me alone.
Wilson : Speeding, DUI, reckless driving,
Wilson : resisting arrest, possession of a class three narcotic.
Lawyer : And now it looks like they've added
Lawyer : another possession with intent to traffic charge as well.
Lawyer : They found some pills at your house.
House : All of which I had a prescription for.
Lawyer : That's a lot of pills.
House : I'm in a lot of pain.
House : This is all because some cop came into the clinic,
House : I was rude to him, this is his way of getting back at me.
Lawyer : You've made it pretty easy.
House : His insane reaction to a simple rectal thermometer reading
House : probably says a lot more about his mother than it says about me.
Lawyer : I'm inclined to think your particular charm
Lawyer : may not be immediately appreciated by a jury.
House : I'm not interested in a plea bargain.
Lawyer : It's your best bet to make this go away.
UNK: There is no this. There's a him.
House : The only thing I'm guilty of is humiliating a bully.
House : I wasn't speeding, I wasn't impaired, I didn't resist,
UNK: and I certainly was not distributing narcotics
House : to anyone but myself,
House : because I need those narcotics.
UNK: Five grand retainer.
Lawyer : If we end up going to trial, there'll be another 30 due before the first day.
Lawyer : My hourly is 450. That work for you?
UNK: What'd your lawyer say?
Cameron : I looked up butt plug in a legal dictionary. What'd he say?
House : That a smile like mine can't lose.
UNK: What did the tests say?
Foreman : You were right about MS. No myelin basic proteins in his CSF.
House : What about diabetes? Don't know.
Cameron : He says we only think it's diabetes
Cameron : because of his weight, won't let us test him.
House : So, you would rather be a blind invalid than admit the fact
House : that maybe you might have a little problem with overeating.
House : By a little problem, of course,
House : I mean you've eaten yourself half to death.
George : And you would rather let me die than consider the fact
George : that whatever is wrong with me has nothing to do with my weight.
House : I go where the symptoms tell me to go.
UNK: And right now they're asking why this stuff
House : is the first thing you've ever refused to swallow.
George : I am not diabetic.
House : Grocery stores giving away medical degrees with the free turkeys now?
House : The sooner you drink this,
House : the sooner I get to go waste my time with something else.
George : Get the hell off of me!
House : No dessert till you've finished your dinner!
Cameron : George, just drink it!
UNK: Nurse!
George : Get this jackass off of me!
Brenda : What the hell is going on?
House : Just trying to force a horse to...
UNK: GEORGE GROANING
UNK: Let go!