George : I'm just overweight.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: What?
UNK: When?
House : To be continued.
UNK: EXCLAIMS
House : What are you doing here?
Tritter : Executing a search of the premises.
Foreman : When you... When you got bailed out
Tritter : before we could get a judge to approve this,
Tritter : I almost didn't bother.
Tritter : I thought for sure you'd come straight home and throw everything out.
Tritter : Rookie mistake. Never underestimate the stupidity of an addict.
George : There's gotta be over 600 Vicodin in here.
Tritter : Which most DAs would say proves intent to traffic.
Tritter : while practicing medicine.
House : In case you hadn't noticed, those are prescription bottles.
House : I'm not an expert on linguistics per se,
House : but I think that means they were prescribed.
UNK: PILLS RATTLING
Tritter : All these were legally prescribed
House : to a man who's in constant pain
Tritter : but never misses a day of work?
UNK: Has it ever occurred to you that's why I don't miss a day?
Tritter : Yeah. Yeah, crossed my mind. Among other things.
Tritter : Like what an unprofessional, unethical, arrogant ass you are.
UNK: Because if you're unprofessional in one area,
Tritter : it only makes sense.
Tritter : Now maybe just a few of these are in someone else's name.
Tritter : Forged prescription,
UNK: or just, um, swiped from the pharmacy when nobody's looking.
UNK: No, but, well, you wouldn't do that. Right?
House : Send him home.
Cameron : Why? You think he's healthy?
House : Either I'm right,
House : he knows what's wrong, he's just too stubborn to admit it,
House : or I was right and it's pickwick's.
UNK: The treatment just had a delayed effect.
Cameron : You don't have delayed effects to oxygen.
Cameron : And Pickwick's doesn't explain the fever.
House : Being engulfed in an electric blanket of blubber
House : could explain the fever.
Cameron : Yesterday you insisted we keep him here because of the fever.
Cameron : We have no idea what's wrong with the guy.
Cameron : For all we know he could be dead in 12 hours.
House : He does not want our help.
Chase : Which means he doesn't want your help.
Cameron : He's obviously just rationalizing. And so are you!
Cameron : You would never give up this easy
Cameron : if you weren't so busy dealing with your own personal problems.
House : Send him home.
UNK: What did you tell that cop?
UNK: Nothing.
House : Nothing as in nothing?
House : Or as in nothing that could cause him to think
House : I have a stash in my apartment?
Wilson : He called to see if I prescribed the pills, I said yes. That's all.
House : Obviously not. What happened?
House : He searched my house, found a buttload of pills.
House : Guy's gotta be prepared for a rainy day.
Wilson : Last I checked pharmacies were still open when it rained.
House : And because I never know when you're gonna be in one of your moods
House : and cut me off.
Wilson : Oh, it's my fault.
House : I'm not the one who talked to the cop.
Wilson : Well, I'm not the one who put a thermometer in his rectum.
Wilson : So stop yelling at me and start talking to your lawyer.
Cameron : Is there someone who can check on you?
George : Oh, don't worry.
UNK: There's gonna be a whole crew of carpenters in my bedroom
George : for the next week at least.
Cameron : You know, there's an Overeaters Anonymous meeting here at the hospital.
George : If I wanted to jump out of airplanes or climb Mount Everest,
George : would you be telling me to go to Daredevils Anonymous?
Cameron : I would be worried about you just like I am now.
George : Don't be.
George : I enjoy food.
George : I like cooking it, I like looking at it, I like smelling it,
George : and I especially like eating it.
UNK: Listen, whatever happens is gonna happen.