Chase : I'm guessing it's food-related.
Cameron : Improperly prepared puffer fish
Cameron : can have toxins that could cause a coma
Cameron : and might not show up on the tox screen.
Cameron : Where do you think he is?
Chase : He's probably at the track.
UNK: If he's at the track he'd tell us so we don't have to page him,
Foreman : and if it was a puffer fish, he'd be dead in six to eight hours, tops.
Foreman : He's been in a coma at least 24.
UNK: And the guy didn't get to 600 pounds eating a load of sushi.
Cameron : What if he was in a motorcycle accident?
Foreman : Explains the coma. But how'd he get back in bed?
UNK: Oh, Cameron's talking about House!
Cameron : You ever see how he drives?
Chase : No, we haven't.
Foreman : But I have seen how many pills he's been popping lately,
Foreman : I wouldn't be surprised if he's in a coma somewhere himself.
House : If I am, this is one lame hallucination.
Chase : What happened to you?
House : If you ever end up in a bar with the Cambridge Women's Heavyweight Eight,
UNK: do not accept an offer of an upside-down kamikaze shot.
Cameron : We have a case. Fat guy in a coma, I know.
Chase : Cuddy found you? Nope.
House : But the wall between Wilson's office
House : and this one is thinner than you'd think.
Chase : Which means we need to stop talking
House : about what a pathetic loser he is.
House : Start treating Jabba for pickwickian syndrome.
UNK: His 96 double-Zs are probably putting pressure on his chest, suffocating him.
Foreman : CO2 and oxygen sats are normal.
House : For you and me. What's normal for a hippopotamus?
UNK: And get a detailed medical history.
Cameron : From who? He was brought in alone.
Chase : And I doubt a guy who weighs 600 pounds bothers with annual physicals.
House : Talk to the neighbors and search the house.
House : Let's see what else Shamu's been up to besides eating.
House : This conversation is over
UNK: because I've officially run out of clever things to call the guy.
Foreman : It's hard to believe
Foreman : you can even attach this much flesh to a human skeleton.
CHASE : I wouldn't exactly call this attached.
Chase : This is ridiculous.
Chase : A person shouldn't be able to eat themselves into oblivion
Chase : and then just expect everyone to pull out the stops to fix everything.
Foreman : What are we supposed to do? Refuse treatment to anyone who's obese?
Chase : Come on, give me a break. This guy's not obese.
Chase : He's not even morbidly obese. He's suicidal.
Foreman : People who attempt suicide get treated.
UNK: Plenty of noncompliant diabetics don't.
Chase : We don't give drug addicts dialysis
Chase : or alcoholics liver transplants.
Foreman : What is your problem?
Foreman : You get beat up by a gang of fat kids
Foreman : when you were in grade school or something?
Chase : Yeah. I'm the one with the problem.
UNK: So, I think his bedroom's through there,
UNK: and the kitchen's to the left.
Cameron : Have you seen any changes in his personality?
Cameron : Any trouble with memory or balance?
Sophie : No, but I really don't see him that often.
Sophie : He's not unfriendly or anything,
Sophie : I guess he just likes to keep to himself.
Sophie : I think he only gave me a spare set of keys 'cause I gave him mine.
UNK: What?
Cameron : Nothing. Just reminds me of someone I know. Who is unfriendly.
Cameron : Does George have a job?
Sophie : He has a headhunting business he runs from home.
UNK: Occasionally he'll interview people here,
Sophie : but he does most of it over the phone.
UNK: Wow!
Sophie : Yeah, he loves to cook.
Sophie : And eat, obviously.
UNK: Four-course gourmet meals almost every night,
Sophie : sometimes for lunch, too.
Cameron : Do you know if he ever uses any unpasteurized cheese or wild game?
Sophie : I'm not sure.
Sophie : He gets all his groceries delivered from that market down on Alden.
UNK: They'd probably know.
Cameron : He have any friends? No.
Sophie : I mean, sometimes women do come by.
Sophie : Young, attractive, never the same one twice, if you know what I mean.
Cameron : I see.
Sophie : There can't be many women who'd wanna be with a guy like him.
UNK: It's usually worst in the morning.
UNK: Especially if I've slept on my arm.
Patient : If I sleep on my back or with my arms out, I'm usually okay.
House : So your arm only hurts after you lie on top of it all night.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Well, have you thought about, I don't know, not doing that?
Patient : Yeah. But it's how I sleep, it's how I've always slept.
House : Well, there's always surgery.
Patient : To do what? Like, clean out some cartilage or something?
House : You're not sleeping on some cartilage, you're sleeping on your arm.
Patient : You wanna remove my arm?
House : Well, it is your left. You know, a guy's gotta sleep.
Patient : Are you insane?
UNK: HOUSE WHISTLING
Tritter : I see spending a night in jail hasn't humbled you a bit.