Cameron : You could have washed them in chlorine
Cameron : and it still wouldn't have mattered.
George : Then other people would be sick as well.
UNK: The parasites could have been on only a few items,
Cameron : or maybe they just didn't eat as much as you did.
George : It's always about my weight, isn't it?
George : Why can't you people come up with one theory...
Cameron : This one fits, George.
Cameron : It explains your coma, your fever, your loss of appetite...
George : And the disorientation?
Cameron : It's all explained.
Cameron : And if we don't treat it while it's still in the acute stage,
Cameron : it'll be too late.
Cameron : It could go on to infect your heart, intestines, esophagus...
George : This is what I get for eating salad.
UNK: DRILLING MACHINE WHIRRING
FOREMAN : Suction. NURSE : Suction.
UNK: Aspirator.
Foreman : Your turn.
UNK: Irrigation.
UNK: Sponge.
UNK: What did you do?
Foreman : Nothing. Why, what's wrong?
UNK: STUTTERING I can't see.
Foreman : Vision's blurry or you've lost...
George : I didn't lose it, you took it from me!
Cameron : George, calm down. I can't see!
UNK: Give me some lorazepam!
UNK: What did you do to me? Hold still!
Cameron : George! George! What's going on?
UNK: No. No. Calm down! What did you do to me?
Foreman : There's no inflammation in the optic nerve and his retina's intact.
Foreman : The blindness has to have been caused by something in his brain.
Cameron : And not surprisingly there was no sign of Chagas'
Cameron : or any other parasites in his CSF.
House : So we've ruled out his parents,
House : prostitutes, the arugula. Means either...
Foreman : I took the sample from the prefrontal.
Foreman : I was never anywhere near his visual cortex.
House : Or you missed a tumor on the MRI.
Foreman : Not a chance, the MRI was clean.
UNK: You mind? Where are you going?
UNK: To get a $400 butt plug.
Cameron : What about George?
UNK: He's gonna have to get his own. Come on.
House : Let's see if we can get this thing figured out
House : by the time we get to the elevator.
Foreman : It could be MS.
Foreman : Would explain the coma, the blindness,
Foreman : loss of balance, and the fever.
Cameron : Could also explain his lack of concern for his health.
Cameron : MS can cause excessive cheerfulness.
House : Yeah, he's a delight.
House : You don't get to MS with coma as the first symptom.
House : Blindness plus coma says diabetes. Just in time.
Cameron : No. Blood sugar, urine dip stick and hemoglobin A1c are normal.
House : Were normal when you tested.
Foreman : He's been in and out of a coma,
House : whatever's going on is waxing and waning,
UNK: unlike his pants size, which only waxes.
House : Which also points to diabetes. Test him again.
UNK: And this time add a glucose tolerance test and an HEC.
Foreman : We already have a CSF sample,
Foreman : we might as well check it for proteins to rule out MS first.
UNK: Agreed. Except for the part about doing it first.
Foreman : Where are you going?
House : The butt plug was my way of saying, "Mind your own business."
House : Apparently too subtle.
Cameron : George, all it is is sugar water, I promise.
George : Just because I'm overweight doesn't make me diabetic!
George : You tested me, everybody's tested me.
UNK: Sometimes the blood sugar levels can fluctuate,
Cameron : make it difficult to diagnose.
George : You stuck a needle in my brain and 10 seconds later I was blind!
UNK: How is that difficult to diagnose?
George : Who the hell knows what else you guys done to me?
George : I should have never come here! You didn't come here,
Cameron : you were brought here because you were in a coma and barely alive.