George : Ultimately it's all out of our control anyway.
Cameron : Why doesn't that philosophy apply
Cameron : to medical mistakes and hospital-acquired infections as well?
George : I'm a complicated man, Dr. Cameron.
George : But don't worry, I plan on staying that way for a long time.
UNK: Wait, wait, let us take you all the way outside.
George : I'm fine.
UNK: It doesn't matter, it's hospital rules.
George : Oh, screw the rules. I've been on my back for four days.
George : I need the exercise, right?
Cameron : George, come on, let us just take you to the taxi.
George : Don't worry, I may not be able to climb Everest, but I can walk, okay?
UNK: George... Now enough already.
UNK: George, are you all right?
UNK: George? You all right? George?
FOREMAN : Disorientation and loss of balance
Foreman : could mean a neurofibromatosis.
House : Where's Chase? Don't know.
Cameron : Haven't seen him since you told him to sit on his ass yesterday.
UNK: Interesting.
House : NF2 is also inherited, which means I was right.
UNK: You kept saying it was pickwick's.
House : Between the first pickwick's and the second pickwick's, I said it was inherited.
UNK: Whatever. NF2 doesn't explain fever.
Cameron : I think we should focus on the coma and the fever.
Foreman : Why? The disorientation and loss of balance are more recent.
Cameron : The coma was the most severe symptom.
Foreman : But he's not in the coma anymore and he is disoriented.
Cameron : No, he's not.
House : We have a rather large piece of tempered glass that begs to differ.
Cameron : I just mean it's not connected.
Foreman : You don't know that.
Cameron : Yeah, I do.
Foreman : How could you possibly know...
Cameron : Because I did it!
Cameron : I didn't think he should be discharged,
Cameron : so I gave him three grams of phenytoin.
UNK: I wasn't gonna just let him leave.
UNK: But you were okay with him crashing through a glass wall?
Cameron : I tried to keep him in the wheelchair, but he's tough to stop.
House : Nice audible, Peyton.
Chase : So, what do we do now?
House : Discharge report says he didn't eat his breakfast.
House : Humpty Dumpty didn't get to be the size of all the king's horses
House : by skipping the most important meal of the day.
House : What causes coma, fever, and loss of appetite?
Cameron : It can't be Chagas', he's never been outside the country.
House : But his stomach has.
House : The food we eat no longer comes from America's heartland.
House : It comes from South America's deforested jungle land
House : where lettuce now grows and lettuce pickers now poop.
House : Get a sample of his CSF
House : before the little bugs that are now feasting on his brain move on to dessert.
UNK: How are we gonna do that? He's too big to do an LP.
House : So go straight to the source.
UNK: You wanna drill a hole in my head?
Cameron : It's the only way.
UNK: It's gotta be something other than a parasite.
George : I buy my produce at the best market in town and I always wash it.
Cameron : Leafy vegetables can suck contaminated water
Cameron : through their roots right into the plant.