Ryan : What was this guy up to?
Esposito : No idea.
UNK: What about that?
Ryan : Looks like some sort of counter.
Esposito : What do you think he was counting?
Ryan : Nothing good.
Ryan : Night vision, spotting scope,
UNK: a parabolic microphone. Top quality, too.
Ryan : What's a subway worker doing with all this?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know.
UNK: Whatever he was into, it had something to do with the park.
UNK: Look.
Esposito : This is right where his body was found.
UNK: 5 : 26. That's around our time of death.
UNK: Looks like he was tracking something or someone with the initials BHS.
Ryan : And it looks like that someone found him.
Castle : Surveillance equipment to clandestine meetings,
Castle : a professional hit.
Castle : or better yet,
UNK: Any one of these people could be his secret accomplice.
Castle : That's what I love about the subway. Down here, everyone's got a story.
Beckett : See, that's the difference between you and me, Castle.
Beckett : You see the subway as a place to pick up dialogue for your novels.
Castle : Or the occasional investment banker on her way to the gym.
Beckett : I, on the other hand,
Beckett : see it as a way of getting from point A to point B.
UNK: So, Light Bulb Len's dead, huh?
UNK: Light Bulb Len?
Mario : Yeah, it was his job to change the light bulbs
Mario : in the stations and tunnels all over New York.
Mario : I figured something was wrong.
Mario : It's the first time he's missed work in 22 years.
Beckett : Mr. Rivera, Len was found shot to death in the park.
Beckett : Any idea what he was doing there?
Mario : The guy changed light bulbs for a living.
Mario : You know, a job like that, it's not for the social.
UNK: I mean, in the 12 years I was his supervisor,
Mario : I don't think we ever had one personal conversation.
Mario : - But you know who you should talk to? - Who?
Beckett : Mr. Sansone?
UNK: Arthur!
Arthur : I'm sorry, it's just...
Arthur : Why would anybody want to shoot him?
Beckett : Well, we were hoping that you could tell us that.
UNK: Well, the guy was one of the unsung heroes of the city.
Arthur : He saved a lot of lives.
Arthur : I'm sorry, I thought he changed light bulbs.
Arthur : Bad things happen in darkness, Mr. Castle.
Arthur : Dimly lit tunnels, darkened stairwells.
Arthur : If Len heard about a blown bulb before shift end,
Arthur : he would stay late on his own time to fix it.
Arthur : And of course, there was his response to the Abe Lipschitz tragedy.
UNK: 1989?
Arthur : Electrocution of a bulb changer at the Brighton Beach station?
Arthur : This is a circuit interrupter switch.
Arthur : Shuts down all the power inside a tunnel
Arthur : so that electrical maintenance can be performed safely.
UNK: Down here it's called the "Lenny box"
Arthur : because it took a visionary like Len Levitt to design it
Arthur : and force the Transit Authority to install one
Arthur : in every station in this city.
UNK: What about high-tech gear?
Beckett : Did Lenny ever use any night vision or microphones for his work?
Arthur : No. Why?
Castle : How about the initials BHS?
Castle : Does that mean anything to you?
Castle : Maybe someone or something that Len was keeping tabs on?
UNK: The only thing Len Levitt ever kept tabs on
Arthur : was every single bulb he ever changed.
Beckett : Did he have any enemies that you know of?
Arthur : You don't make waves without making a few enemies.
Arthur : Because of Len, we're in the middle of a system-wide changeover
Arthur : from incandescent to compact fluorescents.
Arthur : New technology comes in,
Arthur : the city ends up with a warehouse full of old bulbs.
Arthur : That makes some guy in a suit at the old bulb factory very unhappy.
Arthur : You ask me, corporations conspired to take Lenny out.
Esposito : Lenny box. So the guy's an inventor.
Castle : Apparently, he was an underground renaissance man.
Esposito : Guess that explains all the electronics.
Castle : And the counter in his apartment. All the light bulbs he changed.
Esposito : Seriously? This guy changed over a million light bulbs?
Castle : The man was an unsung hero, all right?
Castle : Cut down by the forces of Big Bulb.
Castle : Big Bulb?
UNK: The filament-industrial complex.
Beckett : Lenny's buddy is delusional
Beckett : if he actually thinks that Lenny was killed by a light bulb conspiracy.
Ryan : I wouldn't dismiss our subterranean friend just yet.
Ryan : I was running through Len's phone records and one jumped out.
Beckett : The outgoing call to the New York City employee tip line?
Ryan : It's where you call to rat out your coworkers.
UNK: Must "rat" always be used in the pejorative?
Castle : In the Chinese zodiac, the rat...
Beckett : What was the tip?
UNK: All those incandescent bulbs they were replacing?
UNK: Levitt claims that he had evidence his supervisor was stealing them
Ryan : and then re-selling them on the black market.
Beckett : - You mean Mario Rivera? - The same.
Ryan : The charges pan out, the guy could lose his job and his pension.
Ryan : Oh, and get this.
Ryan : Before he was in the Transit Authority,
Ryan : Mario was in the Marine Corps for eight years,
Ryan : where he won a weapons medal for sharpshooting.