Castle : Can't imagine how Tyler's mother feels.
Beckett : Yeah, me neither.
Castle : When Alexis was four, we went Christmas shopping
Castle : at some mall in White Plains.
Castle : I was trying on some charcoal fedora.
Castle : I turn around, she is gone.
Castle : Vanished. I looked everywhere.
Castle : So did mall security, so did the police.
Castle : We searched for an hour.
UNK: You don't have to be a novelist
Castle : to think of all the worst case scenarios.
UNK: Where'd you find her?
Castle : Behind a rack of winter coats.
Castle : She got bored. She crawled underneath there and went to sleep.
Castle : To this day, I still dream about that.
UNK: Just got off with Esposito. Looks like Dean's on the move.
Beckett : What did they find?
Montgomery : It's what they didn't find.
Montgomery : No toothbrush, no deodorant, no shampoo in the shower.
Beckett : I'll run his credit card for anything that indicates he's traveling.
Ryan : Dean's desk?
UNK: Teresa De La Torre : You can't miss it, right?
UNK: Teresa De La Torre : Pictures everywhere. He calls it Tyler-palooza.
Ryan : Is this his only work area?
UNK: Yeah. Uh-huh.
UNK: How'd he sound when he called in sick?
UNK: Did he sound distressed?
Teresa : To tell you the truth, Detective, Dean didn't call in sick.
Teresa : - I covered for him. - Why?
Teresa : His ex-wife got remarried to some rich doctor,
Teresa : like five minutes after the divorce was final.
Teresa : He had legal bills up the ass.
Teresa : I figured he just needed to spend a little time with his son.
Teresa : So what if he didn't call in sick?
Teresa : I had his back. That's how we do it down here.
Coworker : Hey, Teresa.
UNK: All right, already.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : What's in Indy, Dean?
Castle : Maybe he's got family in Indianapolis.
UNK: A friend. Somebody he can trust. Someone who can hide him.
Beckett : But there weren't any airline tickets purchased in his name or in Tyler's.
Esposito : Yo. The cabin's empty. P.A. State troopers say
Esposito : it looks like there hasn't been anybody there in months.
UNK: We just got a hit on Dean Donegal's financials.
Montgomery : An hour ago, he booked a motel room in Jamaica, Queens.
Castle : That's not far from the airport.
Castle : He might still be trying to get Tyler out of town.
Beckett : If we're lucky.
Montgomery : He shot someone, he's on the run, he's under extreme duress.
Montgomery : Let's get him before this ends bloody for everyone.
Esposito : - NYPD! - NYPD!
UNK: Tyler!
Beckett : Hands! Show me your hands!
UNK: Tyler! Tyler!
Esposito : Bathroom's clear.
Alexis : He's not here.
Beckett : Where's Tyler?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know.
Dean : They told me to check into a motel and wait for further instructions.
Beckett : Who did?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know. All I know is they took him.
UNK: And if I help you, they'll kill my son.
Beckett : Where is Tyler, Dean?
Dean : I told you, I don't know!
Castle : Why were you going to Indianapolis?
UNK: Indian... What are you talking about?
Castle : We know you were checking on airfares.
Dean : I was researching a trip for the holidays.
Dean : What? You think I took my own son?
Beckett : You were in a hotel by the airport.
Dean : That's where they told me to go!
UNK: Who?
UNK: Please.
UNK: They said if I talk to the cops, he's dead.
Beckett : Dean, if your son is in danger, then you need to tell us what you know.
Dean : I went to pick him up after practice.
Dean : When he wasn't at the usual spot, I figured he must have walked home.
Dean : When I got back to my apartment, that phone was on my doormat.
Dean : It had a text on it.
UNK: "We have your son. Tell no one. Use only this phone.
UNK: "Contact the police and Tyler dies.
UNK: "Stand by, we will tell you where to go and what to do.
UNK: "Tell no one. Your son's life depends on it."
Castle : What do they want from you?
Dean : I have no idea.
UNK: Dean's Glock is a nine millimeter.
Montgomery : Right make, wrong model.
UNK: Light Bulb Len was killed with a.45.
UNK: The SIM card from his cell phone is a burner.
Ryan : And the text messages aren't coming from another phone.
Ryan : They're coming from an internet texting service based in the Ukraine.
Ryan : No IP address, untraceable.
Montgomery : Track the SIM and I want a printout of every text message.
UNK: Then get the electronic serial number off that phone.
UNK: I want to find out where it was purchased and by whom.
Ryan : You got it, sir.
Castle : What do they want from you? Are they after ransom?
UNK: Are you kidding? I'm 40 grand in debt after my divorce.
Dean : I'm looking up at broke.