UNK: Bad Guy 1 : Hit P-1. The subway.
Dean : I did what you asked. Now where's Tyler?
Robert : You'll see him in a minute.
UNK: Bad Guy 1 : Sorry, Dean.
Beckett : Last stop.
Robert : We're supposed to go to subway level. Why are we stopping at the lobby?
UNK: Bad Guy 1 : Don't look at me.
Montgomery : No, look at me.
Montgomery : I suggest you drop your weapons.
Beckett : Where's Tyler?
UNK: The ring leader was Robert Kincaid, former bond trader.
Beckett : He's the one who planned the entire operation.
Beckett : The economy might have collapsed,
UNK: but he was still gonna get his payday.
UNK: Most of them were ex-Wall Streeters.
Beckett : They knew that they needed biometric clearance
Beckett : in order to get on secure floors.
Beckett : And they knew that Dean wasn't gonna help them,
Beckett : so they took Tyler as leverage.
Esposito : But all they took were files.
Castle : Financial files containing unpublished earnings reports.
Castle : To a savvy investor, they'd be worth millions.
UNK: Would've worked too,
UNK: if Light Bulb Len hadn't been taking pictures in the park.
Ryan : He helped catch his own killer.
UNK: And foil the kidnapping.
UNK: It's kind of poetic.
Castle : In an unspeakably tragic sort of way.
Montgomery : The guy you shot in the subway?
UNK: A thug Kincaid hired to do his dirty work.
Montgomery : He just confessed to kidnapping Tyler,
UNK: murdering Light Bulb Len
Montgomery : and, no surprise, he ratted out Kincaid in two seconds flat.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Speaking of rats.
UNK: I gotta... I gotta go.
Alexis : I'm the worst person in the whole world.
Castle : No, you're not.
UNK: You're wonderful and you're kind and you're sweet.
Alexis : I'm a rat killer.
Castle : You don't know that.
Castle : You may just be a loser.
Castle : A rat loser.
Castle : This did not come out right.
UNK: Look,
UNK: if he cares, he'll understand.
UNK: Yeah, he'll understand, all right.
Alexis : When he sees me in the halls at school, he'll think,
UNK: "There's the awful girl that lost my best friend."
Alexis : It's him.
UNK: Hi.
Ashely : Hi. I missed you.
Alexis : I missed you, too.
Vendor : What's wrong?
Alexis : It's about Theodore.
UNK: When I fed him, he must've got out of his cage and...
Alexis : And he's gone.
Alexis : He's gone?
Alexis : We looked everywhere. I swear.
Alexis : We turned this whole place upside down.
Ashley : How'd he get out?
Alexis : I must not have locked the cage right.
Alexis : Ashley, I'm so sorry.
Alexis : You have every right to hate me.
UNK: Come on, Alexis.
Ashley : I'm upset, but I don't hate you.
Arthur : You don't?
UNK: I mean, well, look at this place.
Ashley : Look at what you did to try to get him back.
Ashley : Who else would do that?
Alexis : You cared about him a lot.
UNK: Yeah, but I care about you more.
Ryan : Found him!