Beckett : We don't know his name or age
Beckett : but we're estimating between 10 and 12 years old.
Beckett : He has brown hair, hazel eyes.
UNK: He was last seen wearing shorts, sneakers and a gray and white jacket.
Beckett : Now, our kidnapper is male.
Beckett : Brown hair, between 5'10" and 6 foot.
UNK: He was carrying a Glock.45,
Beckett : which matches the size of the slugs that we found in our victim's body.
Beckett : Now, both photos have time-stamps on them,
Beckett : so we know that the abduction took place at 5 : 12 p.m. on Tuesday.
UNK: After 48 hours,
Montgomery : the chances of finding a child abduction victim alive go way down.
Montgomery : The only thing that matters is finding that kid.
UNK: If he's been missing for 36 hours,
Castle : how come his parents haven't reported it?
Beckett : They might not know.
Beckett : Or they might be under duress.
Castle : He was wearing shorts,
UNK: which probably means he knew he was going to the park.
Beckett : Well, if he wasn't lured there, maybe he knew his kidnapper.
Castle : Well, then why would the kidnapper need a gun?
Ryan : I emailed the photo to the New York State Police and the Parole Division.
Ryan : They're looking into any kidnappers with this abduction MO
Ryan : and Esposito is canvassing that part of the park looking for any witnesses.
Castle : What about schools?
Castle : If the boy goes to a local school, they'd know he was absent.
Beckett : Have uniforms fax his photo to all schools in the five boroughs.
UNK: Done.
Castle : That car looks to be like a compact or a subcompact.
Castle : Can we get the make or model?
Beckett : Lab's already looking into it.
Ryan : We're pulling video from all traffic cameras on streets
Ryan : leading in and out of the park on Tuesday evening.
Ryan : Maybe we'll catch a license plate.
Beckett : Or the driver's face.
Castle : What if we were to enlarge this part of the photo?
Castle : Not the face, but just this part of the window.
Beckett : Are you thinking of the reflection?
Castle : I'm wondering if maybe we can see
Castle : the kidnapper's face in that side-view mirror.
Beckett : It's worth a shot.
Beckett : I need a CSU photo tech up here now.
Vendor : Man, I see so many kids every day, I couldn't tell one from the next.
Esposito : What about a blue car, around the same time?
UNK: Somewhere in this area.
UNK: - Tuesday? About 5 : 00? - Yeah.
Vendor : Yeah, as a matter of fact, a blue Saturn.
Castle : You sure?
Vendor : Yeah, people I forget.
Vendor : Things that get in my way, I remember.
Vendor : It was parked right in front of my regular spot.
UNK: Instead, I gotta set up at the edge of the roadway.
Vendor : I almost get clipped by a cab.
Esposito : Anybody inside?
UNK: No, because I would've yelled at the driver if there was.
Vendor : I don't know what's wrong with people in this city.
Espostio : Yeah. Thanks.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Our pretzel vendor IDed the kidnapper's car
Beckett : as a blue Saturn sedan, anywhere from '97 to '02.
Beckett : The problem is there are 6,000 blue Saturns
Beckett : registered in the Tri-State area alone.
Beckett : Ryan, where are we on the traffic cams?
Ryan : The make and model will help narrow it down,
Ryan : but there's a lot of footage.
Ryan : There's also no central database for school absences.
Ryan : We can't sort by grade or gender.
Ryan : And there's a bad cold making the rounds,
Ryan : so more kids are out than usual.
Castle : What about State Police?
Ryan : And nothing popped on parolees with the same kidnapping MO.
Ryan : Yes, I'll continue to hold.
UNK: Csu Tech : Detective. Enhanced and enlarged.
Beckett : Thank you.