Byron : They're there
Byron : and I saw them first.
Castle : I'm putting that in the official record.
Beckett : So the equipment, the park,
Beckett : the feather, and BHS.
Ryan : Looks like we've explained everything.
Castle : Yes, except why he was killed.
Castle : Good morning, Mother.
UNK: Morning.
Castle : So why is Gram on the table and why are you on the floor?
Alexis : Dad, he's gone.
UNK: Theodore?
Alexis : When I fed him his quinoa salad with wheat berries,
Alexis : I must not have closed the cage door all the way.
Alexis : And now he's gone and Ashley's going to hate me.
Castle : He's not going to hate you. He'll understand.
Alexis : No, he won't. He trusted me and I let him down.
Castle : No, not yet you haven't.
Castle : We'll find him. Have you looked in your room?
Alexis : And in Gram's, too.
Martha : If that creature entered my room, I'm gonna need a new bed.
Martha : And wardrobe.
Alexis : Dad, what if he got out? Like out, out.
UNK: All right, Theodore's an uptown rat. He's here someplace.
Castle : Okay, to find a rodent, you have to think like a rodent.
Castle : You are Theodore.
Castle : - What do you want? - Food.
UNK: Nah, you got a personal chef. You're not hungry.
UNK: Warmth.
Alexis : I'd want to stay warm and safe.
UNK: Yeah, a cozy, quiet place out of the way,
UNK: where no one's gonna step on you.
Alexis : - Front hall closet! - Nice.
Castle : You see him?
Alexis : No. He's not here.
Alexis : He's not here.
UNK: What?
Alexis : You need to go.
Castle : And leave you rat-less?
Alexis : It's my responsibility, Dad. Not yours. I'll find him.
Castle : - Are you sure? - Yeah.
UNK: Right. Call me if you need anything.
UNK: Okay.
Martha : Just so you know, I'm checking into The Plaza,
Martha : and you're paying.
Beckett : Okay, Castle, I'm here. What was so important?
Castle : Your first clue is
Castle : the curious incident of the dog in the nighttime.
UNK: Oh, jeez, Castle. I haven't even had my coffee yet.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Holmes unmasks the murderer because of what didn't happen.
Castle : The dog didn't bark.
Castle : That's how he knew the dog must've known the killer.
Beckett : Okay, yes. I remember the story.
UNK: Then you know that the hardest form of detection
Castle : is looking for the thing that isn't there.
Castle : Byron said that Len was going to verify the hawks.
Castle : Verify, as in provide proof, which means...
UNK: He would've had a camera.
Castle : Which we didn't find.
Castle : And if he was taking pictures...
Beckett : We should be able to figure out what he was up to.
Castle : We found the body here, where he took the last two bullets.
Beckett : Running away from his killer.
UNK: He had a broken wrist.
Beckett : From the BMX guys riding over his body.
Castle : Or he fell from a tree.
Castle : This tree.
Castle : There's a fresh divot.
Beckett : It's all birds.
UNK: Red-tailed hawks.
Castle : Looks like Byron Singer was telling the truth after all.
Beckett : Yeah, remind me to notify the bird police.
Beckett : But I doubt it was the hawks that killed him.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Light Bulb Len witnessed a child abduction.
Castle : And the last thing he saw was his killer.