Beckett : What about your ex-wife's new husband? He has money.
Dean : They're not calling him. They're calling me.
Dean : What if they find out I'm here?
Dean : I just want my son back.
Beckett : Then your best option is to work with us.
Beckett : Let us help you.
Dean : I need to get some air.
UNK: Look, I know that this is hard, but you have to trust us.
Castle : We will find him.
UNK: Okay.
Dean : Don't let them hurt my boy.
UNK: Where is he? Where's Tyler?
UNK: You should've been there to pick him up at soccer practice!
UNK: I should never have agreed to joint custody.
Elliot : - How could you let this happen? - Stay of out this. You're not family.
Elliot : - He's my boy, too! - Sit down!
UNK: That's enough!
Montgomery : Now I need everyone to calm down,
Montgomery : cooperate and think.
UNK: Dean, did you notice anyone unusual hanging around your son?
Montgomery : Anything out of the ordinary going on in his life?
UNK: No. I mean, I don't think so.
Montgomery : What about you two?
Elliot : Nothing comes to mind.
UNK: No.
Montgomery : Now this abduction was clearly planned.
Montgomery : So the kidnapper had to know where Tyler was going to be...
Montgomery : Sir, this is a message. It's from the kidnapper.
Montgomery : There's a video attached.
Mirielle : Thank God. He's alive.
UNK: There's a time-stamp on it, 1 : 31 a.m.
Beckett : That was sent eight minutes ago.
UNK: That's a good thing, Mrs. Lefcourt. It's called a proof of life video.
Montgomery : The kidnappers sent it to prove your son's alive
Montgomery : and that you do exactly what they ask.
Mirielle : You will do exactly what they ask you to. Do you understand?
Dean : Wait, play that last part again.
Dean : Who's Ace? I don't know any Ace.
Elliot : We don't have any pets.
Castle : He's sending us a message.
Dean : He's a smart boy.
Castle : Ace could refer to a person, or a business.
Beckett : Sir, there's another text.
UNK: "680 Canal Street. 30 minutes."
Dean : That's the building where I work.
Castle : What's there? A jewelry store? A bank?
Dean : No, just offices.
UNK: Why you? What's so special about that building that they need you?
Dean : Oh, God.
Dean : Because I have elevator access to all the floors in the building.
Castle : You're a human key.
Beckett : Sir, I just talked to the building's owner.
Beckett : He's emailing blueprints and a tenant list for 680 Canal,
Beckett : including the secure floors.
Montgomery : Ryan and Esposito are with me. We'll take Dean to the building.
Montgomery : I've arranged to have an ESU team standing by in striking distance.
Beckett : Sir, you can't take Dean to that building.
Beckett : It is way too dangerous.
Castle : He's a father who loves his son.
Castle : You're not going to be able to stop him.
Montgomery : And until we find the boy, we don't have any other choice.
Montgomery : Scrub the video, look for anything that could lead us to him.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
UNK: All right. We're a block away.
Ryan : We'll be able to see and hear everything that's happening, okay?
UNK: We've cloned your phone
Ryan : so we'll be able to read your text in real time.
Montgomery : You follow the kidnapper's instructions to the letter.
Montgomery : No cowboy stuff, you understand me?
Beckett : There are no identifying markers in the background. It's all black.
UNK: I don't know if we're gonna find him in time.
UNK: The video was taken at 1 : 31 a.m., but they didn't send it till 1 : 39.
UNK: You know, sometimes it takes a while for a text to go through.
Castle : Yeah, but eight minutes?
Castle : You want Dean to do something for you,
Castle : you make a proof of life video,
Castle : but you wait eight minutes to send it. Why?
Beckett : Maybe there wasn't a signal or not enough bars.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Maybe they had to walk a long way to get a signal? Maybe they're under...
Castle : Underground. Ace!
Castle : It's not Ace. It's A-C-E.
Castle : The A, C and E subway lines.
Beckett : They're holding Tyler in the subway. He must've spotted a sign.
Castle : There's half a dozen stations where the A, C, and E stop.
UNK: There's too many to search.
Beckett : Yeah, but the last stop for all three lines
Beckett : is on Canal Street and West Broadway. That's...
Castle : Right under Dean's building.
Castle : They've been holding him under everyone's nose.
Beckett : Let's go.
Beckett : Check every room on the east-end of the station.
Beckett : You guys check ticket booths on both ends. Go!
Castle : - Right. - Got it.
Beckett : Castle, what are you thinking?