Beckett : Where were you last night between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 p. m?
UNK: Working.
Beckett : We checked. You clocked out at 4 : 34 p.m.
Castle : You hopped the B or the D down to 59th Street,
UNK: the express only takes, what, 10 minutes?
Castle : Plenty of time to get to the park and kill Len.
Mario : Why would I kill Len?
Castle : Because he filed a report against you with the Transit Authority
Castle : when he found out about Costa Rica.
Mario : What the hell are you guys talking about?
Beckett : These are emails that were sent from you
Beckett : to your contact in Costa Rica.
Mario : These are my private emails.
Beckett : Sent from a workplace computer. Which means we can look.
Mario : So? I was thinking about taking a vacation down there.
Castle : Sell some light bulbs to some locals.
Beckett : The city has a warehouse full of old incandescent light bulbs
Beckett : that you figured no one would miss.
Beckett : So you sold them to a wholesaler in Costa Rica for 20 cents a pop.
Beckett : That's a hundred grand.
Castle : Only someone did miss them.
Castle : Someone with the word "light bulb" in his name.
UNK: When you found out Len was onto you,
Castle : you realized you could lose your job and your pension.
Castle : You couldn't afford to let him go to the Transit Authority
Castle : with what he knew.
Mario : I didn't kill nobody.
Beckett : Well then why don't you just come clean
Beckett : with what you did last night between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00?
Beckett : The thing about murderers,
UNK: Mario, is they tend not to have solid alibis.
Castle : Generally because they're murdering somebody.
Mario : Look, those old light bulbs were just gonna get destroyed
Mario : and end up in a landfill.
Mario : I was doing the city a favor.
Mario : So I make a little extra. So who gets hurt?
Castle : I'm going to go with Len.
Beckett : Last chance, Mario.
Mario : After work I went up to the Grand Concourse
Mario : to pack up a shipment of light bulbs.
Mario : They went out to Costa Rica last night.
Mario : You can check.
Mario : I was there.
UNK: Thanks.
Espostio : He's telling the truth.
Espostio : Len's call to the tip line?
Espostio : Turns out the transit cops had him under surveillance all last week.
Espostio : His tail has him in the Bronx last night just like he said.
Beckett : Call the transit cops
Beckett : and tell them that we just closed their case for them.
UNK: Right.
Castle : So if light bulbs didn't get Lenny killed,
Castle : then what did?
Beckett : You know, it can't be a coincidence that he was killed right there
Beckett : at about the same time that he has written down.
Castle : And what does BHS stand for?
Castle : - Bronx High School? - Hmm.
UNK: Big Honking Stereo?
Castle : Boys Have Shoes?
Ryan : Try Byron H. Singer.
UNK: I found a small vendor decal
UNK: on the side of the parabolic microphone we found in his apartment.
Ryan : So I called the vendor
Ryan : to find out if he knew why Len bought the equipment.
Ryan : Turns out Len didn't buy it at all.
Ryan : It was purchased two months ago
Ryan : by an insurance actuary named Byron H. Singer.
UNK: BHS.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Mr. Singer, thank you for coming down.
Byron : They said it was important.
Beckett : Do you know a man named Len Levitt?
Byron : What did that bastard tell you?
Beckett : He didn't tell us anything.
Byron : Good, because he's a liar.
UNK: He thought he knew better than me.
Byron : He thought he knew better than everybody.
Beckett : - Mr. Singer... - I don't care if he didn't believe me.
Byron : I don't care how much it hurt him. I know what I saw.
Beckett : And what did you see?
Byron : The two of them, together in the park,
Byron : like a pair of lovebirds.
Byron : But he accused me of making the whole thing up.
Byron : I mean, why would I make something like that up?
Arthur : Why would anybody?
Beckett : Mr. Singer, what exactly did you see in the park?
Bryon : I saw enough.
Bryon : And believe me, I was pretty shocked to see them together.
Bryon : I knew I had to tell Len before somebody else did.
UNK: Len must've been very angry when you told him.
Bryon : Very angry and jealous.
Bryon : But I had followed them and found their secret spot,
UNK: and I told him where and when to find them.
Bryon : I even lent him some of my equipment so he could spy on them himself.
UNK: So Len goes to the park and he sees for himself...
Beckett : And then he confronts them in a jealous rage,
Beckett : and they kill him.
Byron : They do what now?
Beckett : They kill him.
Castle : The cheating girlfriend and the lover.
UNK: Beckett & Castle : What are you talking about?
UNK: Beckett & Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : Who did you see in the park that night?
UNK: The red-tailed hawks.
UNK: There hadn't been a nesting pair in the park for 40 years.
UNK: You mean this is about birds?
Byron : Not just birds.
UNK: The red-tailed hawks.
Byron : Len oversees the log in the Central Park boathouse
Byron : where all the sightings are officially recorded,
UNK: but he refused to acknowledge my sighting.
Byron : So I told him if he didn't believe me,
Byron : he should go out to the park and see for himself.
Byron : They nest at dusk.
Beckett : Mr. Singer, were you in the park yesterday between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 p. m?
Byron : Usually I am, but yesterday I was in my office, working.
Beckett : And can any of your colleagues verify that?
Byron : I'm sure they can.
Byron : But about the hawks, and I want this on the official record.
Byron : I would never exaggerate or fabricate a bird sighting.
Byron : It's unthinkable!