Castle : The only reason to keep him here is for a quick getaway,
Castle : which is helped by the fact that 680 Canal Street
Castle : has its own entrance to the subway.
UNK: If it were me, I'd keep close enough to hook up with my partners,
UNK: but far enough to have it be out of the way.
Beckett : Which means he's holding Tyler on the west-end of the tunnel.
UNK: West-end of the tunnel.
Castle : This room.
UNK: All right, you should stay back.
UNK: No chance.
UNK: "Go to the 37th floor. Now."
UNK: They said 30 minutes. It hasn't been 30 minutes yet.
UNK: They're changing the timetable in case you went to the cops.
UNK: What's on the 37th floor?
Dean : Nothing. It's vacant. It's not even secure.
Montgomery : Try Beckett.
UNK: Nothing.
Esposito : It's going straight to voicemail. She must already be in the subway.
Dean : I gotta go.
Montgomery : Remember, we can see and hear everything.
UNK: Anything goes south, 100 cops will be on you inside of a minute.
Dean : Not until you find my son.
Dean : Just my luck.
Dean : Pulled graveyard tonight.
UNK: All right, he's in.
Esposito : Not bad with the guard. The guy's all right.
Ryan : Camera and mic are all good.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Take us to the 39th floor.
Dean : I want to see Tyler first.
UNK: Robert Kincade : Just follow instructions. You'll see him soon enough.
UNK: What's on the 39th floor?
Ryan : A financial firm. Breskin and Wright.
UNK: Thirty-seven was just a staging area.
Montgomery : They let him see their faces.
Montgomery : As soon as they get what they came for, they're going to kill him.
UNK: Just like Light Bulb Len.
Ryan : Beckett's still going to voicemail. Castle, too.
Esposito : Sir, what do you want to do?
Montgomery : If we go in before we find the kid, we might lose them both.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : One armed and the kid.
Beckett : If I go in, he'll kill him before I get a shot off.
Castle : He's holding a flashlight.
Castle : If we kill the ambient light, he'll light up like a Christmas tree.
Beckett : We just...
Castle : It's like it's meant to be.
Beckett : Maybe Lenny can prevent another tragedy. On my count.
Beckett : Three, two, one!