Alexis : You know, I understand ferrets as a pet.
Castle : Snakes, spiders, even a hairless mole. But a rat?
UNK: There are probably kids in the city who keep cockroaches as pets.
Castle : You're probably right. Strangest pet you ever had?
Beckett : You. Hey, Lanie.
UNK: Was this a hit and run?
UNK: Lanie Parish : In a manner of speaking.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Two BMX bikers rode over the body, then called it in.
UNK: Lanie Parish : But the cause of death are the gunshot wounds.
UNK: Lanie Parish : One to the chest,
UNK: Lanie Parish : and two more in the back.
Beckett : So he's wounded on both sides?
Castle : Maybe there were two shooters? He was caught in the crossfire?
UNK: Won't know till I get him back to the lab.
UNK: Got an ID?
UNK: Leonard Levitt, Ozone Park, Queens.
Lanie : Wallet, cash, keys. Everything still here.
Beckett : Which means it wasn't theft.
UNK: No.
Castle : Something much more nefarious.
Castle : A feather.
Castle : Alternating stripes, uniform color.
Castle : This is no ordinary pigeon feather. This is from a bird of prey.
Beckett : So what are you suggesting, Castle?
Beckett : That a bird shot him three times?
Castle : Not just any bird.
Castle : This is the calling card
Castle : of a murderer known only as the Falcon Killer.
Beckett : Or maybe before getting shot,
Beckett : he just bent down and picked up the feather.
Castle : See, that's why you'll never be a best-selling novelist.
Castle : No sense of drama.
Beckett : I find that dead bodies are usually enough.
Beckett : Thanks, Lanie.
UNK: Yo,
UNK: Javier Esposito : so we ran background on your vic, but it's pretty thin.
UNK: Javier Esposito : He was a New York City Transit employee,
UNK: working the subway out of the 116th Street Station.
Beckett : He worked Uptown and he lived in Queens?
Beckett : Then what was he doing in the park? That's pretty out of the way.
Esposito : Well, we thought that he was looking to buy some weed or some love,
Esposito : but he has no drug history,
UNK: no convictions for solicitations. No nothing.
UNK: And what about his family?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Both parents are deceased.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Guy never married, has no children. It's like he barely existed.
Castle : Making him the perfect victim.
UNK: Mild-mannered city employee lured into a conveniently wooded area.
Castle : Struck down by a murderer
Castle : with the speed and cunning of a bird of prey.
Beckett : Don't ask.
Beckett : You guys go to his apartment.
Beckett : Find out who he is and what he was doing in the park.
UNK: Right.
Lanie : Lividity and temperature puts time of death between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 p.m.
Lanie : The victim also has a broken wrist.
UNK: Could be post-mortem from those BMXers
Lanie : playing X Games on his corpse.
Beckett : What about the gunshot wounds?
Lanie : All three entry wounds were made by the same weapon, a.45.
Lanie : There was only one shooter.
Beckett : So the same person shot him in the front
Beckett : and then shot him in the back?
UNK: It didn't make sense to me either,
Lanie : so I decided to take some measurements.
Lanie : Turns out the wounds are of different depths.
UNK: The one on his chest is very shallow,
Lanie : indicating the shot came from a distance.
Castle : - How far? - About 150 feet.
Castle : That's quite an accurate shot with a handgun.
UNK: Yeah, I'd say your killer had some shooting experience.
Lanie : But the next two shots in the back were close range.
Lanie : Inside six feet, maybe.
Beckett : So he got shot in the chest at long range.
Beckett : Turned around to run...
Castle : But he's wounded,
Castle : the killer goes after him to finish what he started
Castle : with a double tap to the back.
Beckett : He wasn't just shot.
Beckett : He was hunted down and killed.
Castle : But why?