Castle : The enhancement only increased the pixilation in all these.
Castle : You can't even see there's a side-view mirror.
Beckett : In the real world, zoom and enhance can only get us so far.
UNK: Yeah, but... You can't even... There's no reflection. It's just mush.
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : No. God, this kid isn't that much younger than Alexis.
Beckett : Don't worry. We'll find him.
UNK: Alexis.
UNK: What?
Castle : I've seen this before.
Beckett : - You've seen what? - This mark on his sock.
Castle : Alexis used to get these when she played soccer.
UNK: They're cleat marks from when kids kick her in the shin.
Beckett : If he was playing soccer in the park,
UNK: he might be a part of an organized team or a league.
Castle : And youth leagues have websites that you can go to.
UNK: The parents and kids can track scores and standings.
Ryan : I spoke to the league commissioner
UNK: and only one 10 to 12-year-old team practiced on Tuesday,
Ryan : the Wildcats.
Castle : - There! - There!
Ryan : Tyler Donegal.
UNK: He's 12.
Beckett : Ryan, let's get everything we can on this kid.
Beckett : The clock is ticking and we gotta bring him back alive.
Beckett : Tyler Donegal lives with his mother in Westchester.
Beckett : Court records show that the parents' divorce
Beckett : was finalized two months ago.
Montgomery : You reach the parents?
Ryan : Just got off with the mother, Mirielle Lefcourt.
Ryan : She moved out of the city last year,
Ryan : got remarried to an anesthesiologist last month.
Ryan : She says she has no idea that her son is missing.
Ryan : He was spending two days in the city with her ex. She's on her way in now.
Montgomery : If the father had custody, where the hell is he?
Montgomery : And why didn't he report the boy missing?
Ryan : We're working on that, sir.
UNK: The father's a maintenance supervisor at a high rise
Ryan : on West Broadway and Canal.
Ryan : He lives six blocks from Central Park.
Esposito : Donegal called in sick for work yesterday and today.
Montgomery : Divorced parents, one child.
Montgomery : One spouse re-marries quickly.
Beckett : So she dumps the janitor in the city for the doctor in the 'burbs.
UNK: All the father has left is his son.
Montgomery : It's got all the hallmarks of a custodial abduction.
Beckett : You got a photo?
Esposito : I'll get one.
Esposito : Dean Donegal.
UNK: 5'10", 175, brown hair.
Beckett : Well, the vitals match.
Castle : Yeah, but why do you need a gun to kidnap your own son?
Castle : You just put him in the car, tell him you're going for ice cream.
Castle : What's he doing?
Ryan : Hey, Beckett, the mother's here.
Alexis : All right. Ryan, you go to Dean's office.
UNK: Esposito, you check out his apartment.
Beckett : Maybe something else is going on with that family.
Esposito : Right. Right.
UNK: Mirielle Leftcourt : Where's my son?
Beckett : That's what we're trying to determine, Mrs. Lefcourt.
Beckett : When was the last time that you spoke with him?
Mirielle : Two days ago, when I dropped him off at his father's.
UNK: Elliot Leftcourt : He was supposed to be with Dean. Have you talked to Dean?
Beckett : We're trying to locate him now.
Mirielle : He's not at work? He never misses work.
Beckett : Can you tell me about the divorce? How did Dean take that?
Mirielle : Not well. He was very bitter and angry.
Beckett : Does he own a gun?
Mirielle : A handgun, yes. There were break-ins in his building.
Beckett : Do you know what kind?
Mirielle : Why are you asking me about a gun? Was somebody shot?
Mirielle : Was my son shot?
UNK: No, nobody was shot, Mrs. Lefcourt.
Beckett : It's just the man who took your son was carrying a gun.
UNK: Now, I'm gonna have to show you this photograph.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Mirielle : I don't know. Is that Dean?
Beckett : I was hoping that you could tell me.
Beckett : What about this car? Is that his car?
UNK: No, Dean doesn't own a car. He rents one as he needs one.
Beckett : A Glock.
Mirielle : Dean's gun, it's a Glock.
Mirielle : We had to itemize our property for the divorce.
UNK: Mrs. Lefcourt, does Dean have a place that he likes to take Tyler?
Beckett : Any favorite hangouts?
UNK: No, as far as I know, he's never taken him anywhere.
UNK: That's not true. Dean's family has a cabin in the Poconos.
Beckett : Pennsylvania State Police are on their way to the cabin.
Beckett : With any luck, we'll find Tyler.
Beckett : You okay?