Cuddy : Wilson's back. You gonna...
House : Been gone two months,
House : he can wait till I finish slaying a guy in a skullcap and a pair of tights.
UNK: On a video game you stole from the pediatric ward?
House : On advice of counsel, I assert my privilege pursuant to the Fifth.
UNK: When was the last time you talked to him?
House : Uh, I think it was after...
House : When did his girlfriend die?
House : He wanted time alone.
House : I considered being a horrendous pain in the ass,
House : but I didn't want to tread on your turf.
Foreman : We got a case.
UNK: I got to remember to close the blinds.
Foreman : Just got a call from Patty Michener,
UNK: from Women's Majority, the women's rights...
Cuddy : We know who she is. I dated her.
UNK: Well, not really dated her,
House : more metaphorically raped her by having a penis.
House : You did, too. Her assistant flipped out,
Foreman : ripped off her clothes in front of a roomful of businessmen.
UNK: Either she cracked under the whip,
House : or she started to realize that her evolutionary purpose
House : is to arouse men, not to castrate them.
House : Send her to psychiatric...
Foreman : Anemia, bradycardia,
Foreman : and abdominal pain aren't psychiatric symptoms.
House : Then it's the latter, send her to my apartment.
Cuddy : I'll give it to Segal.
UNK: House actually wants a case, and you're saying no?
Cuddy : House has more important things to do.
House : Sorry, can't help you.
House : You need a specialist to remove those kinds of warts.
House : Preferably one with experience spelunking.
UNK: Hallucinations, possible memory loss,
UNK: tests show anemia, slow heart rate,
House : and a stubborn refusal to shave her pits.
Taub : Have you seen Wilson?
UNK: No, but I have seen the patient's frequent flyer balance.
House : Eastern Europe, Asia, third-world countries, sometimes more than one a day.
Thirteen : No fever means it's not a tropical disease.
Kutner : If it's not where she went, maybe it's the work hours.
Kutner : Could be amphetamine abuse.
Kutner : She's probably popping them like breath mints.
Foreman : You haven't been by his office?
House : Is Wilson hallucinating ants crawling all over him, too?
House : Tox screen's cleaner than the windows she won't do.
Taub : Her job keeps her constantly on the road,
Taub : probably living off of airline peanuts and diet soda.
Taub : Severe B12 deficiency could cause all her symptoms.
Thirteen : Why is everyone leaping to conclude
Thirteen : a strong career woman's been made sick by her strong career?
Thirteen : It's not B12. It's an insulinoma in her pancreas,
Thirteen : it's making her hypoglycemic.
UNK: Great, now everyone knows.
Taub : You knew the patient had cancer?
House : Is that what she said?
House : I thought she said,
UNK: "I'm suddenly and irrationally defending the patient's strong career,
UNK: "even though in reality she's just a glorified grunt
UNK: "because I'm trying to convince myself that it's okay not to have a life,
UNK: "'cause I don't have a life, because I was tested for Huntington's
UNK: "and my lifespan's been cut in half."
House : Been waiting two months for her to say that.
UNK: Hallucinations, anemia, bradycardia...
House : Hyper segmented polys says that Taub's right.
House : Pump her full of B12,
House : see how a strong career woman's been made sick by her strong career.
Kutner : Are you okay?
UNK: It could be years before you see any symptoms.
Taub : Why wouldn't you tell us?
Thirteen : I don't have Huntington's.
Kutner : Are you lying to us? Because it's none of our business.
Thirteen : If it's none of your business, I shouldn't have to answer questions.
Thirteen : And I wouldn't have to, except House doesn't want to answer
UNK: questions about Wilson.
Thirteen : He's deflecting his own problems onto me.
Kutner : Are you deflecting now?
Thirteen : Time for the B12 cocktail and my life lesson.
Lou : No, Patty'll do the hearing, she just needs to be the lead-off witness so she...
UNK: Okay. I'll lock it down today.
Thirteen : Need you back in bed.
Lou : My boss has a big Beijing trip, I've been planning it for months.