Taub : You think we needed House's expertise to set us on this course?
Thirteen : Her heart rate's slow, bleed should have made it faster.
Taub : And it can wait till after we know where it came from.
Taub : And after he's done dealing with personal issues.
UNK: Yeah? That the way it works around here?
Thirteen : We get cut slack while we deal with personal issues?
Taub : You're not the boss.
Taub : Boss gets to make the rules, boss gets to ignore...
Taub : She's bleeding from nowhere.
Foreman : You did an endoscopy?
Taub : And a colonoscopy.
Foreman : CT scan? Ordered.
Thirteen : But it shouldn't show anything the endoscopy didn't.
Kutner : We can't do a CT scan.
Foreman : Why not?
Kutner : We don't need a CT scan, we don't need House.
Taub : Stop grinning and talk.
Kutner : One of the routine pre-procedure tests was positive.
Taub : Which one? The one that if it's positive
Kutner : would explain a hormone imbalance
Kutner : that could screw with heart rate and blood flow.
Thirteen : Guess she does have a life beyond her career.
Lou : I'm pregnant?
UNK: You want to call the father? Let him know?
Lou : Soon as you do some DNA testing, let me know.
Thirteen : Must be hard to have a real relationship when you're...
Lou : Are you making excuses for me?
Thirteen : I'm just saying it's understandable.
Lou : You only have to understand something if it needs an explanation.
Lou : I have needs, I met my needs, end of explanation.
Kutner : How recently were you needy?
Lou : It's been two or three months at least.
Lou : What? What is it?
UNK: Nothing.
Lou : Tell me. It's actually, nothing.
Thirteen : The ultrasound shows no trace of a baby at all.
Thirteen : Positive pregnancy test, no pregnancy.
Taub : B12 deficit rectified, but her heart's slowing even more.
Kutner : And a bleed should speed her heart rate.
UNK: House, this is the kind of case you love,
UNK: contradictions piling up left and right.
UNK: Two false positive pregnancy tests,
UNK: bradycardia, lower GI bleed. Go.
UNK: Choriocarcinoma, would've triggered pregnancy hormones.
UNK: Also would've shown on the sonogram.
UNK: Lmmunoglobulin A deficiency.
House : No urinary bleed.
Kutner : If she's had beta-HCG injections, they can cross-react with...
House : Keep going.
House : You're being an idiot.
Patty : You're gonna blow up your career, then six months from now,
House : when you've moved on from Amber to burnt sienna,
UNK: you're gonna be stuck on a mobile oncology truck in Pewaukee, Wisconsin.
Wilson : I'd need a flow chart to explain all the ways in which
Wilson : that was ridiculously insensitive.
House : You can't hide from misery.
Wilson : This isn't your business.
House : My skull was cracked open trying to save her.
Wilson : Then we all need a little tea and sympathy. I'm through discussing it.
Thirteen : We have a patient.
House : Who's obviously not going anywhere with a bloody rectum.
Foreman : Great to have you back. Actually, I'm...
House : Actually, he's about to thrust a tanto into the belly of his career.
Wilson : I'm leaving the hospital.
Thirteen : I'm sorry. This is obviously a terrible time, but...
Taub : Why are you leaving?
Wilson : I just need a change of scenery.
House : Buy a plant.
Thirteen : Rectal bleeding, two positive pregnancy tests.
Foreman : There's nothing we can do...
Wilson : You could ask House to be a grownup and respect my decision.
House : I respect things that deserve respect.
House : This decision, on the other hand, is a dog wearing a cape.
UNK: Hallucinations, heart rate won't respond...
House : The patient tested positive for pregnancy
House : because the patient is pregnant.
Lou : Hey, who are you?
Thirteen : This is Dr. House.
Thirteen : He's too brilliant for introductions. False positive.
House : You're too busy to be running a day care center in your abdomen.
House : False positive.
House : Not to mention, you should wait till at least 30 to punish
House : that pleasure portal with a seven-pound tissue expander.
Lou : I'm 37. And I thought I wasn't pregnant.
UNK: Thirty-seven? Lmpressive.
House : Too bad you're not passing on those genes.
House : Does that look false to you?
House : You were looking in the wrong room.
House : It's more common when the egg lands in the oven,
House : sometimes it winds up in the fallopian tubes,
House : in rare cases, it plummets through the plumbing entirely.
House : It's using her intestine as a blood supply.
House : Caused the rectal bleed, and now Junior Miss Steinem's junior
House : must be pressing on her vagus nerve, slowing her heart to a crawl.