House : Yank the fetus. If she survives the surgery, she'll be fine.
Thirteen : What if she wants to keep the baby?
House : She doesn't.
Thirteen : We can't take two seconds to discuss this?
Thirteen : I mean, fetuses have been transplanted before,
Thirteen : whole uteruses, too.
House : Just terminating the fetus when it's glued to her intestines
House : is high-risk surgery, saving it is a fantasy.
House : That was at least three seconds.
UNK: She's a 37-year old woman who deserves...
House : People get what they get,
House : it has nothing to do with what they deserve.
House : And this has nothing to do with her genitalia
UNK: and everything to do with your genetics.
Thirteen : You told me to get tested.
House : I didn't know it was gonna color
House : your every medical opinion, every personal opinion.
Thirteen : You didn't think a death sentence would...
House : People die. You, Amber, everyone.
House : Don't act like you just figured that out.
House : I gave you a diagnosis, you don't like it, there are exits on every floor.
Thirteen : I'm sorry to be so definitive about this.
Thirteen : I know you're still absorbing the news, but we have no choice but to...
Lou : Remove the fetus, absolutely.
Lou : I have no boyfriend, no husband,
UNK: I'm on the road with Patty all the time.
Lou : Where do I sign?
UNK: Oh!
Cameron : Feel any tenderness back here?
Patient : No, not at all.
UNK: So you're treating professional sports injuries now?
Patient : No, I'm not...
House : Familiar with the concept of sarcasm.
House : Don't sweat it, it's new. Have you spoken to Wilson?
Cameron : We'll get you an EKG. I'll be right back.
Cameron : You want me to sleep with him to get him to stay?
House : I put the bisexual chick on that, but if you'd like to sit in,
House : so to speak. I spoke to him.
UNK: What did you tell him?
Cameron : I didn't tell him anything. I listened.
House : So you could feel good about doing nothing.
House : Tell him... I am not your errand girl,
UNK: the best thing about leaving you.
Patient : The two of you used to be together?
House : She dumped me when I lost the last 85 pounds.
House : Said there was less of me to love.
Cameron : Grief means different things to different people,
Cameron : case in point, means very little to you.
House : Grief is Newark.
House : Okay, it's there, you can't avoid it, but the idea is to hold your nose,
House : hope the traffic's not too bad
House : and get on to Manhattan as quickly as possible, not to buy property.
Cameron : You think that's facing up to things?
House : I'm not the one who's quitting.
UNK: 'Cause you haven't lost anything.
House : But you have. He'll listen to you.
UNK: What did you do when your husband died?
Cameron : I got a new job, and I moved.
House : See how crappy that worked out.
Chase : Separating the placenta from the wall of the large intestine.
Chase : Sponge. Suction, we got some bleeding.
Taub : BP's dropping, 90 systolic.