Cuddy : You want to keep him, he needs to know he's not alone.
Cuddy : Just tell him you feel like crap.
House : It'd be meaningless.
Cuddy : Well, then find some meaning. And do something.
Thirteen : She's got a neurological problem.
Foreman : Surgical complication?
Taub : Don't think so, she keeps on blinking.
Taub : Her heart's not recovering either.
Foreman : So the pregnancy was a coincidence?
UNK: Pulse's down to 39, she's maxed out on atropine.
Thirteen : We're installing a pacing wire to...
Thirteen : Avoid that. We need some help in here!
Foreman : Page House.
Taub : Already paged him. Page him again.
Wilson : It's for you.
House : If I told you that I was sorry, would it change anything?
Wilson : I wouldn't believe you.
House : If you believed me.
Wilson : It's hard to imagine such a world.
House : I'm going home
House : until you agree to stay at this hospital.
Wilson : You can't be... That's blackmail. And to do your job?
Foreman : Why not hold a gun to your own head?
House : Your conscience bleeds more freely than my head.
House : Text. Patient's in cardiac arrest. Ouchy.
Wilson : You'd jeopardize a patient because of my...
House : If it keeps you here.
House : Your friendship matters more to me than this patient.
Wilson : I've gotta do what's right for me. You gotta do what's right for you.
UNK: Yeah. But it comes easier for me.
Taub : Where is he? Where is he?
UNK: Status?
Foreman : Her heart's stabilized,
Foreman : we have a pacing wire in her, but the bradycardia's not getting any better.
UNK: House was bluffing.
Taub : I called him three times, he's not picking up.
Taub : What do you want us to do?
Cuddy : Same thing you'd do if he was here.
Cuddy : If he was here, we'd be asking him what to do.
Cuddy : What are the usual suspects? There aren't any.
Foreman : She had a vitamin deficiency and we corrected it,
Foreman : an ectopic pregnancy, we removed it.
Taub : But her heart problem won't go away,
Kutner : and now something's wrong with her brain.
Cuddy : I have complete confidence in you guys.
Taub : Who wants to go service House so this patient can live?
Thirteen : We can do this without him.
UNK: Maybe something happened during the surgery,
UNK: caused her to... Surgery was on her bowel, not her brain.
Kutner : Anxiety, stroke, Tourette's, could all cause eye-blinking.
Taub : And cause her heart to beat faster, it's slowing down.
Thirteen : MS. If a lesion took out the sympathetic innervation of her heart,
Thirteen : it'd explain the bradycardia and the blinking.
Taub : But not the vitamin deficiency or the ectopic pregnancy.
Taub : House would want a unifying theory.
Thirteen : House is gone. And so are those symptoms.
Thirteen : MS explains everything that's wrong with her right now.
Foreman : Start her on interferon for MS.
Cuddy : Mind if I come in?
Patient : Not at all. You mind if I leave?
Cuddy : I told you not to take that case specifically so you could deal with Wilson.
House : And the two ended up dovetailing rather nicely, don't you think?
UNK: This is how you show your friendship? By bludgeoning him with guilt?
House : Because he's my friend, I know what works on him.
Cuddy : Well, I can't let you walk away from a patient.
House : Then fire me.
Cuddy : You're willing to risk your career but you're not willing to say sorry?
House : I told him I'm sorry, he didn't believe it.
Cuddy : Well, make him believe it. I don't believe it.
Cuddy : You don't want to believe it.
Cuddy : Because if you tell Wilson how you actually feel about him,
Cuddy : about what happened to Amber,
Cuddy : about your part in what happened, and he walks out the door anyway,
Cuddy : if you make yourself vulnerable for once
Cuddy : in your nerve-deadening, emotionally-obliterating...
Cuddy : You're doing the same thing he is, you're running away.
Cuddy : Only he's not killing anyone in the process.
Lou : Where's Dr. House?
Thirteen : He's not feeling well.
Lou : Was MS his idea?