Cuddy : Just because I happen to have a 31-person maintenance department,
Cuddy : each of whom you've personally abused at some point...
UNK: Why?
UNK: 'Cause you think I'm okay with letting someone die,
House : but I'm gonna fold if I can't watch celebrity bowling?
Cuddy : That is not an unreasonable theory,
Cuddy : especially with only 10 minutes till your favorite soap.
Cuddy : Gee, is this the remote from the doctors' lounge?
Wilson : This is your 911? Goodbye.
UNK: Stop.
Cuddy : I'm withholding your salary history from every hospital in the Tri-State Area.
House : You go, girl.
Cuddy : And I'm permanently setting every TV in this building to the Pottery Channel
Cuddy : unless you both sit down.
Cuddy : Welcome to couples counseling.
Taub : It's not the surgery. Timing fits.
Taub : The location doesn't, unless her brain's in her bowels.
Thirteen : If bacteria entered her bloodstream,
Thirteen : it could have caused an infection in her brain.
Taub : The surgery went fine. You were there, you saw...
UNK: Peptostreptococcus could explain the blinking and...
Taub : No. You want to watch a grainy video and have an epiphany.
Chase : Shut up, you're making me miss House's mocking.
Taub : I know you told us it was none of our business,
Taub : but if House thinks that your Huntington's is affecting you, maybe it really...
Thirteen : It's not, because I don't have...
Taub : You're desperate to do this without him.
House : You're not trying to cure her, you're trying to prove...
Kutner : Stop the tape.
Kutner : Zoom in.
Kutner : On the anastomosis, that little bump.
Taub : It's a hematoma, a harmless pocket of blood,
Taub : which is why Chase ignored it during the surgery.
Kutner : Could be a ganglioma, which is why Chase shouldn't have ignored it.
UNK: If it's an abnormal growth of nerves,
Foreman : it could be causing all the patient's symptoms.
Foreman : We have to open her up again, get a piece of it.
House : So what do you want to tell us?
UNK: Nothing.
Cuddy : Nothing I say is gonna change anything. You guys need to talk.
House : Actually, you should read the latest psych literature,
House : repression's gaining a lot of fans.
House : What you don't face can't crush you.
Cuddy : Talk to each other.
House : How you doing? Good?
Wilson : Fine. Thanks.
UNK: Sit.
Cuddy : See, the two of you are friends, look how you both...
House : Think you're an idiot.
House : We both also eat with forks, that doesn't really prove...
Cuddy : Talk to him. Tell him how you feel about what he's doing.
House : I told him he's an idiot.
House : Tell him what you think about him leaving.
House : I think he's an idiot. - You're an idiot.
Cuddy : He's in pain, and your response is just to emotionally blackmail him.
House : You told me what your position is on that one.
House : You're against it, right?
Wilson : She hasn't told you in front of me. She needs to prove she's on my side.
Cuddy : Go to hell.
House : So much for that theory.
Cuddy : I'm sorry you lost Amber.
Cuddy : I cannot imagine what it is you're going through,
Cuddy : but it will not get better
Cuddy : by you walking away from everyone that cares about you.
Cuddy : Do you think Amber would want you to walk away?
UNK: Nobody at this hospital even liked Amber.