Thirteen : Abnormally deposited proteins. It's amyloidosis.
House : It would explain the blinking and the low heart rate.
UNK: The only way to treat amyloidosis is to treat whatever's causing it.
Thirteen : It's not as if a lot of things cause amyloid, rheumatoid arthritis.
Kutner : Familial Mediterranean fever.
UNK: Lymphoma.
Kutner : Well, we can't all be right.
Taub : But you can all be wrong. Patient's joints don't hurt,
Taub : abdominal pain went away when the fetus did,
Taub : and no palpable lymph nodes.
Foreman : Got anything constructive to say?
Taub : Sorry. Sorry.
Taub : She has lots and lots of palpable lymph nodes,
Taub : joint and abdominal pain, she'll be better by dinner time.
Kutner : If we don't find the cause of the amyloidosis,
Taub : we never get her off that wire, she never walks out of this hospital.
Taub : But, hey, who needs House? So glad we lost those training wheels.
Kutner : You want me to make the call?
Foreman : There seems to be some disagreement.
House : And this isn't just a pretext to pressure me into staying?
Foreman : Does it look like a pretext?
UNK: No.
Wilson : She really is dying, isn't she?
Wilson : Inflammation, enlarged nuclei, some mitotic activity. It could be lymphoma.
Foreman : There are no palpable lymph nodes.
Wilson : Makes it less likely, but doesn't rule it out.
Wilson : I'm an oncologist, I see cancer.
Wilson : Show it to an immunologist, they'll see autoimmune.
Foreman : I already showed it to an immunologist.
Foreman : We'll start her on chemo.
Foreman : You should leave.
Thirteen : House doesn't want to lose his sidekick.
Foreman : Cuddy doesn't want to lose her check on House.
Foreman : No one's talking about what you want.
Wilson : It's not that I want to.
Foreman : Want to, need to.
Foreman : If there's any chance that being away from here
Foreman : will make your life even a little bit easier, do it.
Foreman : That's what everyone else here would do.
UNK: Don't expect anything to change too fast.
Lou : Lymphoma was your idea?
UNK: Why?
Lou : I feel better.
Thirteen : Sometimes just knowing you're being treated helps.
UNK: You've given me 18 different treatments, this is the first one that made me feel better.
Lou : I don't think it's psychological.
Lou : Thank you.
Thirteen : I'm sorry.
Thirteen : I shouldn't have gotten angry at you.
Thirteen : Your choices are your choices.
Lou : You're not like me.
Lou : Maybe you have wings.
Thirteen : I have Huntington's Chorea.
Thirteen : Dozen years or so, my nervous system, my cognitive skills,
Thirteen : even my emotional balance, they'll all start to fray.
Thirteen : I won't be able to fly, I won't be able to walk,
Thirteen : I won't be able to breathe.
Lou : And you want to make sure your life matters?
Thirteen : I don't want to just be tightening bolts and following instructions.
Thirteen : I want something to be different because of me.
House : I am.
Lou : Not just 'cause you saved my life.
Lou : I'm applying for a job at a foundation. Running the finance division.
Thirteen : I mean, I don't know if I'm gonna get it,
Lou : but if I don't, there are other foundations.
UNK: It's almost 4 : 00. Soap time.
UNK: Nurses' remote, works in the doctors' lounge.
Cuddy : Why do you think Wilson's leaving?
House : How many times do I have to use the word "idiot"?
Cuddy : And that's a good enough answer for you?
Cuddy : Whenever anyone does anything out of the norm,
Cuddy : you have to tell them what screwed-up process is really at work in their head.
UNK: That's why I locked the two of you in a room,
House : so you would say something stupid and insensitive
Cuddy : and maybe with a little bit of truth.
Cuddy : But you didn't.
Cuddy : So I can only assume that you don't want to know the reason.
Cuddy : You're afraid to know.
Cuddy : You're not listening to me, are you?
House : Try it sometime, you'll see why.
House : You look 37.
Lou : I am 37.
House : You looked 27 last week.
House : Unless I blacked out for 10 years, your skin...
Wilson : She has got lymphoma, chemo's probably...
House : Stop the chemo. She's getting better.
Thirteen : Bradycardia's improving, we didn't...
House : She have bruising?
Taub : She was pounding her legs during the hallucinations.
House : It's not lymphoma.
Lou : Hey, don't... No, no, no.
House : My bad. Thought "no" meant "yes".