UNK: Richard Castle : - On our wedding day? - Mm-hm.
Castle : That's supposed to be good luck.
Castle : But we'll find a venue that has an indoor area, just in case.
Beckett : Even if we find the perfect place,
UNK: it's not gonna be available until at least October.
Castle : October. Harvest season. Perfect.
Beckett : Perfect, except if you want my dad to walk me down the aisle.
UNK: He's gonna be in Europe on the research project.
Castle : Oh. Fine, we'll have a winter wedding.
UNK: Didn't we say we wanted to do it outside?
Castle : - Right. Yeah, frostbite isn't very festive. - GRUNTS
Castle : How about we get hitched spring of next year?
Beckett : And what if I want to get married sooner?
Castle : Who could blame you?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You two are so adorable.
UNK: Or you know what? Maybe we can find a venue for this summer.
UNK: You wanna have a wedding in the middle of a New York summer?
Beckett : No, you're right.
Beckett : Oh, I know! September! It's not too hot, it's not too cold.
Beckett : It's right in the Goldilocks zone. It's perfect!
Castle : It is, except I'll be out of town every weekend on my book-signing tour.
Castle : So unless we get married on a Monday, September's gonna be tough.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT A little unsolicited advice...
Castle : Do you give another kind?
Martha : In life, there is no such thing as a perfect time for anything.
Castle : I'm sorry, that's advice, how?
Martha : SCOFFS Don't wait. Hell, just go down to City Hall right now.
Martha : You love each other. Stop talking about it. Just do it! EXHALES
UNK: - We'll find a date. Just keep going. - Let's keep... Yeah, looking. Okay.
UNK: Beckett.
BECKETT : I don't know, Castle, maybe we're being too ambitious.
UNK: Well, maybe we should consider the spring of next year.
Castle : I thought you didn't want to wait that long?
UNK: Nah, I just... I want to be flexible.
UNK: You already are flexible. LAUGHS
UNK: You see what I did there? MUMBLES
UNK: Javier Esposito : What's so funny?
Castle : Well, actually, did you know Beckett can lift her...
UNK: - No. Nothing. Hello? Nothing. - I'll tell you later.
Beckett : - No. - No.
Epsosito : Well, our victim is a Ted Rollins. He was shot twice in the chest.
Epsosito : He was 20 years old, lived alone,
UNK: and worked part-time at a secondhand record store.
UNK: So, how does a 20-year-old who sells used records for a living
Beckett : own a place like this?
Esposito : It's just one of the many things that don't add up here.
Castle : Like why he's soaking wet?
UNK: Lanie Parish : The killer left Ted Rollins' body in the shower.
UNK: When the officers arrived, the water was still going.
Beckett : And who called them in?
UNK: It's a good question.
UNK: At 11 : 50, uniforms responded to a 911 call made from the victim's cell phone.
Lanie : But the time of death is between 8 : 00 and 11 : 00,
Lanie : so there's no way Ted could have placed that call.
UNK: So the killer shot him and then called 911?
Lanie : Except our victim was not shot in this apartment.
Beckett : And how do we know that?
Lanie : Because he has exit wounds in his back,
Lanie : but there are no bullets in the bathroom or anywhere else in the apartment.
Lanie : Plus, lividity indicates the body was moved.
Beckett : Okay, so then the killer put him in the shower
Beckett : to wash off the trace evidence from the original crime scene.
Lanie : And it almost worked. Except for this.
Lanie : Grease here with the tiny red specks? Water didn't get that out.
Lanie : It's on his knees and his elbows.
Lanie : I'm thinking he fell when he got shot and landed in that stuff.
UNK: Okay, let's get this material to CSU,
Beckett : see if they can tell us where he was killed.
Esposito : I don't get it. Why would the killer risk moving the body
Esposito : back here from the crime scene?
Castle : Sounds like a case of Weekend at Bernie's gone wrong.
Castle : No. No, wait.
UNK: That would have to mean there's such a thing
UNK: as a Weekend at Bernie's gone right.
Beckett : Wait a minute. These two shoelaces are tied differently.
Castle : That is odd.
UNK: FLOOR CREAKING
Castle : This is even more odd.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : Looks like Ted's got a secret compartment.
Castle : And what's a secret compartment without a secret?
Castle : A laptop.
Castle : Key to our mystery, and the identity of our killer may lie within that device.
TORY : Well, if it does, I can't get to it.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : Honestly, I've never seen anything like this before.
Beckett : So what are we looking at here?
UNK: A very high-level encryption program.
UNK: What, and you can't crack it?
UNK: Come on, Genius Bar, I thought you were the best.
Tori : I am. It's just, whoever designed this is better.
Tori : But give me some time.
Tori : - Let me see what I can do. - All right.
Castle : Anyone else wondering what a record store clerk is doing
Castle : with this kind of technology?
Beckett : Espo, did you contact next of kin?
Esposito : Yeah, Ted's father and little brother. They're on their way down.
UNK: I just talked to Ted yesterday. How could he be gone?
Beckett : Mr. Rollins, when you spoke with your son,
Beckett : did he seem worried or scared about anything?
UNK: He said everything was fine.
Esposito : Maybe you could help us with something else.
Esposito : We found a laptop in one of the floorboards at Ted's place
Esposito : with a highly sophisticated encryption system.