Cross : So I don't mean to rush us,
Cross : but I do have an appointment in a few minutes.
UNK: No, actually, this won't take very long, Mr. Cross.
Beckett : Do you know a man named Ted Rollins?
UNK: No, I don't believe I do. Why?
Beckett : He was murdered last night.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Okay, but I'm not sure what that has to do with me.
UNK: Well, we believe that he tried to access your network
UNK: yesterday evening around 7 : 19.
UNK: Do you have any idea why he would do that?
UNK: Well, I... As a matter of fact, I just got a report from my IT people
Cross : saying that someone tried to hack into our system around about that time.
Beckett : And what exactly does your company do?
Cross : Well, we basically handle multimillion-dollar currency transactions
Cross : for banks, international businesses, foreign countries, and the like.
Castle : Maybe Ted was trying to tap in and steal from one of those transactions.
Cross : Well, if he did, he was quite unsuccessful.
Beckett : Has anyone tried to hack into your company's network before?
Cross : Oh, yes, but we have quite a robust firewall system.
Cross : It's never been breached.
Beckett : Well, would you mind giving me copies of your incursion reports,
Beckett : along with the ones from last night?
Cross : Of course. I'll send them right over to you.
UNK: PHONE BUZZING
Beckett : Okay, thank you. Thanks for your time.
Receptionist : I'm sorry, Mr. Cross... Have we ever met before?
Cross : I don't believe we have.
Beckett : Really? Because you just seem so familiar, yet...
UNK: Really?
UNK: I have one of those faces, huh?
Beckett : Lanie's got something for us. We should go.
Beckett : - Great. - Thank you.
UNK: Not at all. My pleasure.
UNK: Call me.
Lanie : Okay, so I may know why one of Ted's shoes was tied differently.
Lanie : The killer was looking for something.
Beckett : In his shoes?
Lanie : Yep. At the time of his death, Ted had a coin in his right sock.
Lanie : Due to rigor mortis, an impression remained,
Lanie : including these faint markings. You see that?
Beckett : Yeah, wow.
Beckett : Hey, Castle. You with us?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Beckett : Let me get this straight. So, after Ted was shot,
UNK: the killer took off the shoe and the sock, grabbed the coin,
UNK: and then put the shoe and sock back on?
UNK: Must've been a valuable coin.
Lanie : Actually, it wasn't. I did some enhancement and,
Lanie : based on the coin's diameter and the markings,
Lanie : we've identified it as an Iranian rial. Worth less than a penny.
Beckett : Wow, an Iranian rial, huh?
Beckett : Castle, no theories on international intrigue or covert espionage?
Castle : We really don't have the information to speculate at this point.
UNK: Okay. Were you able to narrow down where Ted was killed?