Ryan : That gun was a ballistics match to the one that killed Ted.
Ryan : It's registered to Tony Blaine.
ESPOSITO : We searched his place.
Esposito : Found clothes that tested positive for Ted's blood.
UNK: Blaine's definitely our killer.
Beckett : But who is he?
Esposito : He's a researcher at a government think tank.
Ryan : Yeah, but what a researcher at a government think tank
Ryan : is doing involved in all this, we have no idea.
UNK: Yeah, and we may never know.
Esposito : Well, hold on. We've got a BOLO out on him,
Esposito : and we're monitoring his credit cards. We'll find him.
Ryan : And when we do, maybe he can tell us who this Anderson Cross is.
Beckett : Yeah, maybe. All right, great job, guys.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Well, looks like the CIA wrapped all this up in a neat package.
Castle : Yeah, with a bow, courtesy of my father.
Beckett : At least Ted's killer was brought to justice, you know, in a way.
UNK: Yeah, Blaine killed Ted, but left his body at Coney Island.
Castle : It was my father that moved the body.
UNK: Now, he could've put it anywhere, but he took it to Ted's apartment.
Castle : Do you know why?
Beckett : To bring him into our jurisdiction.
Castle : He wanted us to catch the case so he could work me for information.
Beckett : Well, maybe he was just looking for a reason to see you again
Beckett : and this was his way.
Castle : I keep making the mistake of thinking he's family. But he's not.
Beckett : You are.
UNK: September.
UNK: What?
Castle : We're getting married in September. It won't be too hot, it won't be too cold.
Castle : It's in the Goldilocks zone. It's perfect.
UNK: Wait, wait. Castle, what about your book tour?
UNK: Screw it. September.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hello, Mother. How are you?
UNK: Well, that was fun. What a day!
UNK: You know, for years I've wondered if your father was the one who got away.
Martha : Well, now I finally know.
Castle : He was never worth your time.
Martha : Oh, yes, he was.
Martha : First time I met him, he gave me the greatest gift of my life, you.
Martha : And now, after all these years, he's given me another one.
UNK: Closure. So...
Martha : What about you, kiddo? How are you?
Beckett : I don't know.