Beckett : - You told him about the rial? - I...
Cross : Ted left that as a fail-safe message about the buyer.
UNK: Right. It's old-school spy craft. But Gemini knows all the old tricks,
Castle : so he took that coin to throw you off his scent.
Cross : Yeah. Once I found out the Iranians were involved,
Cross : I traced Ted's trail back to an apartment on East 38th Street,
Cross : across from the Iranian mission.
Cross : Only Gemini got there ahead of me.
Castle : And he ambushed you?
Cross : From a rooftop across the way.
Cross : Soon as I opened the door, all hell broke loose.
Cross : But I'm good at hell.
Cross : And I made my way back to the car, but he was right on my tail.
UNK: I had to drive into the East River just to get away from him.
Beckett : Look, this is an incredible story and I can see where Castle gets his talent,
UNK: but it doesn't mean that any of what you said is true.
Cross : You don't believe me?
UNK: Mm-mm.
Cross : Well, turn on the news.
UNK: A high-speed car chase rocked
Newscaster : the neighborhood of Murray Hill just hours ago.
Newscaster : According to multiple reports,
Newscaster : the pursuit began with gunshots at an apartment on East 38th Street,
Newscaster : where two unidentified men were involved in a gun battle.
Beckett : That doesn't prove anything.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : So, whatever our boy Ted was into, it's all some crazy-ass spy stuff.
Beckett : What makes you say that?
UNK: Well, you heard about that car chase in Murray Hill?
Esposito : Well, we're at the epicenter.
UNK: It's a shot-up apartment at 38th and 3rd. It's where it all started.
Esposito : According to the super, Ted Rollins rented this place two weeks ago.
Ryan : By the looks of the equipment, he was hacking.
Beckett : - Hacking who? - I don't know.
Ryan : He's got a pretty sophisticated Wi-Fi sniffer here,
UNK: so he must've been intercepting Internet traffic from someone.
Castle : The Iranian mission across the street.
Beckett : What exactly did Ted intercept?
Beckett : I don't know. Someone stole the hard drive.
Cross : Can I borrow your laptop now?
Castle : These are communications to and from the Iranian mission.
Lanie : - Yep. - That's incredibly illegal.
UNK: Yep.
UNK: Okay, here, Ted flagged this one.
Cross : It's an anonymous e-mail from Izad Larjani.
UNK: He's part of VEVAK, Iran's CIA.
UNK: "FC. Payment received. Central Library Reading Room.
UNK: "Tomorrow, 5 : 00 p.m. Network name : Kingfish."
Castle : This was sent yesterday.
Cross : Which means it's going down today.
Beckett : He's sending the DCO list over a secured Wi-Fi connection
UNK: in roughly 30 minutes.
UNK: The Central Library is a perfect location.
Castle : It's public, there's lots of people on laptops.
Cross : Gemini never has to meet with his buyer face-to-face.
Castle : Wi-Fi signals max out at about 200 feet indoors.
UNK: He and the buyer will have to be in the building at the same time.
UNK: Given everything that's happened,
Martha : why would he still go through with the exchange?
UNK: "FC" means "final communication." All links have been severed.
Cross : If Gemini pulls out, he has no way to tell his buyer.
Cross : He will do anything in his power to make the transfer.
UNK: I gotta go. I gotta stop this.
UNK: What? Are you crazy? We just pulled a bullet out of you!
Martha : Can't you call someone?
Cross : This mission does not exist. I don't exist.
Cross : There's no one to call.
Beckett : Don't you have backup?
Cross : I am the backup.
Castle : You're in no condition...
Cross : You don't understand. This list cannot get out into the open.
Beckett : Then we'll go.
Beckett : Castle's right. You are in no condition.
Beckett : And if we stop him, then we all get what we want.
Cross : Let's run this just so we know we're all on the same page.
Cross : Richard, what do you do?
Castle : As soon as the Kingfish network goes online, I log in, I download the list.
UNK: You don't just log in, you gotta be first.
Castle : - Right. - But why does he have to be first?
Castle : Because it locks out the Iranians from downloading the list.
UNK: Right. And while Castle's downloading,
Beckett : I'll track the signal using the Wi-Fi analyzer on my phone.
Martha : You can find a spy on your phone?
UNK: Mother, there's an app for everything now.
Cross : Now, Kate, remember, if you don't have a tactical advantage,
Cross : just get eyes on him. He's CIA.
Cross : If you can describe him, I can find him.
UNK: Okay, all right. It's almost 5 : 00. We should go.