Castle : He was at an amusement park and I can tell you which one.
UNK: How?
UNK: Well, as a connoisseur of carny food, there's only one amusement park
Castle : that has both fried clams and funnel cake, and that park is
Castle : - Coney Island. - Coney Island.
Lanie : Okay, you two creep me out when you do that shared brain thing.
Castle : Uh, I...
UNK: Hey, I forgot. I have to drop by my publisher's to get a look at the galleys.
UNK: There's another... For the Derrick Storm novels, there's the galley.
UNK: And, uh... SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
UNK: Great, thanks. Hey, Beckett,
Ryan : the head of Coney Island's maintenance staff said
UNK: that the only place there would be hydraulic fluid and paint
Ryan : is the repair facility, under the roller coaster.
Beckett : Okay, let's have park security check it out for us.
Ryan : They have. And they found blood.
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: POLICE RADIO CHATTER
UNK: CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS
Beckett : Well, this is definitely where Ted was killed.
Ryan : Why here? What was he up to?
Esposito : Yo! Funnel cake vendor remembered seeing Ted.
Esposito : Said he got his food and walked in this direction.
Beckett : - Was he with anyone? - Not that he saw.
UNK: The killer must've followed him.
Beckett : Or maybe they came here to meet.
UNK: Yeah, but why wouldn't the killer leave the body here?
Esposito : Why would he drag it all the way back to Manhattan
Esposito : to the victim's own apartment?
Ryan : To throw us off his trail.
Beckett : Or maybe the killer didn't want us to find the crime scene
Beckett : because there's something here that ties him to the murder.
Beckett : Do they have security cameras here?
Esposito : Just that one covering the south entrance.
Beckett : Okay, let's talk to park security,
Beckett : get them to give us the surveillance footage.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : There you go.
UNK: Tony Blaine : - God bless you, man. - Yeah.
Cross : Sit behind me.
Castle : Never thought I'd see you again.
Cross : Ted Rollins, your victim. What have you learned?
Castle : What have I...
Castle : I'm sorry, until a year ago I had no idea who you were,