Wilson : We made a mistake.
Cuddy : No, we didn't.
Cuddy : The methadone is good for him.
Cuddy : The methadone is gonna kill him.
Wilson : He shaved. He was wearing a tie.
Wilson : He has a meeting at St. Sebastian.
Cuddy : If he buys a new pair of shoes,
Cuddy : should we let him smoke crack?
Wilson : Cuddy, he's happy.
Cuddy : House doesn't do happy, pain or no pain.
Wilson : Okay, maybe.
Wilson : But he's our friend,
Wilson : and this is his one chance to not be miserable.
Foreman : The heels, very nice.
Thirteen : No reason not to wear them now that House is gone.
Foreman : You okay?
Thirteen : Yeah. Just tired.
Foreman : Got some good news.
UNK: The patient's scleroderma is responding to the anti-inflammatory meds.
Foreman : His AST level has dropped a bit.
Thirteen : So, he's dying slightly less quickly than we thought.
Thirteen : That's great news.
Thirteen : I'm not okay.
Foreman : Next time, just say that.
Thirteen : What's his AST?
Foreman : 185, I think.
Thirteen : That's a pretty fast drop.
Thirteen : Are we sure it's from the anti-inflammatories?
Foreman : What else could it be from? He's been off the antibiotics for a while.
Foreman : Proton pump inhibitors wouldn't...
Thirteen : He's back on testosterone.
Foreman : Testosterone wouldn't help his liver function.
Thirteen : But it could improve his kidney function,
Thirteen : which would also lower his AST.
Foreman : But not in kidneys damaged by scleroderma.
Wilson : Which means it's not scleroderma.
House : I have an interview in two hours.
UNK: Wow.
House : Hand over my letter of recommendation.
Cuddy : Sorry, I haven't done it yet.
House : You have no right to sabotage...
Cuddy : I was busy with this.
Cuddy : It's a list of requirements for your methadone treatment.
Cuddy : Weekly drug tests, supervised doses administered on a precise schedule,
Cuddy : by me or one of the nurses.
House : Seems weird, getting my meds here,
House : when I'm working somewhere else.
UNK: Yes.
Cuddy : I'm offering you your job back.
House : I want a raise.
UNK: No.
House : And a bigger office, but in the same spot.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : We both know this is where you belong.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : Welcome back.
Joseph : Thank you.
Cuddy : You're welcome.
Foreman : You okay?
House : I have issues with authority. You?
Thirteen : We thought you were gone.
House : Cuddy missed me.
Taub : And what happened to your cane?
House : She asked to borrow it for some reason.
House : Patient dead, or do I need to do anything?
Taub : He's got scleroderma.
Thirteen : It's not scleroderma.
House : Wow, two days and you've already got two separate theories.
Foreman : You're back. Good.
Foreman : We noticed a drop in AST levels.
Foreman : It's not from the anti-inflammatory.
Thirteen : It's because his kidneys got better from the testosterone.
Foreman : Which rules out scleroderma.
House : When did you two come up with this?
Thirteen : We ran into each other in the lobby.