Taub : How long do you think the post-break-up awkwardness is going to last?
Thirteen : Foreman and I are both professionals.
Thirteen : Stomach and liver are clear.
UNK: If by "professional" you mean he's a T-1000 built by Cyberdyne Systems.
Taub : I never understood what you saw in him.
Thirteen : He's not really your type, huh?
UNK: Moving down through the pelvic floor.
Taub : Here's my impression of Foreman on the happiest day of his life.
Taub : Now, the saddest day of his life.
Thirteen : We just broke up. I'm not quite ready to mock him yet.
Taub : House was a jerk to split you two up,
Taub : but bottom line, he did you a favor.
Thirteen : Area around the intestinal tract is clear.
Thirteen : No blind uterus.
Kutner : I think there's something wrong with House.
Wilson : Who's he making miserable now?
Kutner : Actually, no one.
UNK: He okayed an MRI just because the parents wanted to look for a blind uterus.
Kutner : There was no fighting, no arguing, he just went along.
Wilson : It's a valid medical theory.
Kutner : He doesn't think it is.
Kutner : House decided to humor these parents.
Wilson : Maybe he had a great cup of coffee,
Wilson : or a tremendous bowel movement.
Wilson : Bottom line is, your boss is in a good mood.
Wilson : Stop analyzing it and just enjoy it.
Thirteen : We're going to use this scope to fill your bladder with saline,
Thirteen : then examine your urethra for any narrow spots.
Jackson : Why would there be a narrow spot?
Taub : Sometimes it just happens.
Jackson : Can my parents come in?
UNK: Sure.
Thirteen : I thought it'd be awkward for you having them here.
Jackson : I have this feeling they've seen me naked before.
Taub : Now, take a breath, just try to relax.
UNK: Mom.
Melanie : It's okay, honey. It's okay.
Melanie : Hey, remember those sprints they made you run in practice?
Melanie : Those were so hard, but you pulled through.
Melanie : You can do this, too.
UNK: I'm to the bladder. Start the saline.
Taub : I'm going to look around and pull back on the scope.
Jackson : Feels tight. - That pressure's normal.
Thirteen : Just try to hold on for a few more minutes.
Jackson : It's not down there.
Jackson : It's my chest.
UNK: I can't breathe. Can't... Can't breathe.
Joseph : Is he okay?
Thirteen : Muffled heart sounds.
Thirteen : Jugular's distended. Pericardial effusion.
UNK: We need a 10 gauge and a syringe.
Melanie : What's happening?
Thirteen : His heart is filling with exudate.
Thirteen : If we don't drain it, it'll stop beating.
Thirteen : We drained the fluid from his pericardial space.
Thirteen : His heart rate is back to normal.
Taub : Pelvis plus heart
Taub : doesn't fit with any of the syndromes associated with mosaicism.
UNK: It could be drugs, toxins, an infection.
Kutner : You're okay with this?
House : With what?
Kutner : That we're considering a diagnosis unrelated to this kid being a she-male.
Kutner : Assuming a coincidence like that would usually torture you,
Kutner : but you're completely unfazed.
Kutner : Completely unfazed? You think I'm totally lacking in any fazing?
House : The idea that I'm anything less than half-fazed, I actually find offensive.
House : It greatly fazes me.
Thirteen : He started testosterone...
UNK: Vitamins.
Thirteen : ...a few months ago. That can cause autoimmune diseases
Thirteen : like polyarteritis and SLE, which can cause pericardial effusion and pelvic pain.
Thirteen : So, it is related.
House : Now I'm unfazed.
House : Start him on corticosteroids for the autoimmune,
House : finasteride to block the vitamins.
Wilson : You slept with House.
Wilson : He asked permission before taking my bagel,
Wilson : took the case without a fight,
Wilson : honored the parents' request for an MRI.