UNK: Okay.
Melanie : When you give Jackson the antibiotics,
Melanie : will you please re-start the testosterone?
UNK: Sure.
Foreman : I get House wanting to jerk me and Thirteen around, but you guys?
Kutner : Told you they were still together.
Foreman : How'd he know?
UNK: He noticed you smell like Thirteen's soap every morning.
Foreman : You figured it out?
Kutner : Yes, I'm a little slow.
Kutner : Maybe someone should let me know when I should be insulted.
Foreman : Then House doesn't know.
Kutner : Probably does now that you felt her up
Kutner : during that last differential.
Foreman : You noticed this, but House didn't?
Kutner : Yes, I get it. He's generally smarter than me.
Kutner : Can we please move on?
Foreman : He's not generally smarter than you,
Foreman : he's always smarter than you.
UNK: Unless...
UNK: Hello?
Foreman : House is on heroin.
Wilson : Well, that's certainly an interesting notion.
Foreman : It's why his lungs stopped, it's why he okayed the MRI,
Foreman : it's why he missed things he wouldn't ordinarily miss.
UNK: We'll run some tests, and I'll let you know.
Wilson : Well, that would certainly explain the inappropriate responses.
UNK: I got to go. Okay.
Wilson : Sorry. Consult.
House : When did you order these?
Wilson : When you were in the bathroom.
Wilson : I thought a celebration was in order.
Wilson : To cheating death.
Wilson : You off bourbon? Can I get you something else?
House : I came here expecting a burger.
House : Figured I'd have to endure a little lecture on moderation.
Wilson : You never listen, so why...
UNK: But instead, I get a drink.
House : A nice little serving of respiratory depressant
House : on the day that my lungs stopped working.
Wilson : You seem fine now.
House : You don't believe that I OD'd on Vicodin.
House : You figure I'm on something stronger.
House : And because you can never, ever assume anything
House : but the most screwed-up scenario as far as I'm concerned...
Wilson : Funny how I'm usually right.
Melanie : ...you think that I'm on heroin.
House : This is your version of a tox screen. Because if I am on heroin,
House : I can't drink that without risking another bout of not breathing.
UNK: Well?
UNK: Good night.
Jackson : Another shot?
Thirteen : I'm afraid so.
Jackson : That looks like the vitamins my parents give me.
Jackson : Same red top.
Thirteen : These aren't vitamins.
Jackson : What is it?
Thirteen : I can't tell you that. You should ask your parents.
Wilson : You idiot.
House : Okay, I admit it. I have bulimia.
House : I look good though, don't I?
Wilson : Heroin. Heroin!
Wilson : House, of all the stupid...
House : I'm not on heroin.
Wilson : I just caught you with your fingers down your throat.
House : I'm on methadone.
House : Stupid product, heroin without the high.
Wilson : Yeah, and twice the risk of death.
House : But no risk of arrest.
Wilson : You nearly died.
House : Today was a fluke, I nodded off.
Wilson : Right, you're safe as long as you never sleep again.
Wilson : Mis-time your dose, you die, couple of drinks, you die,
Wilson : mix it with the wrong drugs, you die.
Wilson : You want to detox from Vicodin,
Wilson : pick something that won't kill you.
House : I'm not detoxing.
Wilson : If you're looking for something to help with your pain.
UNK: It doesn't help my pain. It eliminates it.
House : My leg doesn't hurt anymore.
Melanie : She completely disregarded our instructions.
Thirteen : He asked a question. I was tired of lying.