UNK: So, what'd we miss?
House : When I say "we," I mean you, since I wasn't here.
Thirteen : We've ruled out Zollinger-Ellison.
House : That was a dumb idea.
UNK: Why? Because it was wrong.
Taub : Also Toxoplasmosis, dehydration, SLE, various intersex disorders.
House : Oh, crap.
UNK: Does this kid like energy drinks?
Kutner : I saw some empty bottles in the team's locker room.
Taub : But energy drinks don't explain...
House : Nice work.
Foreman : So, we're okay?
House : Why wouldn't we be?
House : Nice heels.
House : This is all your parents' fault.
Thirteen : Excuse me?
UNK: You chug a lot of energy drinks before, during and after practice?
House : Your son came in here with simple dehydration.
House : That's why he collapsed during the game.
Melanie : The ER treated him for that. It didn't help the pain.
House : That's where the energy drinks came in.
House : They put a strain on his kidneys,
House : so he needed more time to rebound from the initial dehydration.
Joseph : Then why isn't he better?
House : That's where your idiocy came in.
House : Before we could give him another glass of water,
House : you two insisted I do an MRI.
House : So, I go down a blind alley, looking for a blind uterus,
House : and my team injects him with contrast material.
House : Your son was fine when he got here.
House : It was your freaked-out over-protectiveness that nearly killed him.
UNK: Nearly?
House : He's young. A few weeks of dialysis, he should be fine.
House : You gave birth to a freak of nature,
House : doesn't mean it's a good idea to treat him like one.
UNK: How are you feeling?
Jackson : A little bit better.
Thirteen : I saw you talking to your parents earlier, that's good.
Jackson : My mom asked if I wanted to take dance lessons.
Thirteen : That's great.
Jackson : I'm actually worried I might miss basketball.
UNK: I was starting to get good.
Thirteen : No reason you can't do both.
Cuddy : Starting tomorrow, you'll come to my office for your fix.
House : I'm done with the methadone.
House : I screwed up.
Cuddy : The kid's parents wanted that MRI.
House : I knew he didn't need it. I did it anyway.
House : That's what got him sick.
Cuddy : You just solved a case that no one else could solve.
House : I created a case.
House : I played nice because I was in a good mood because it didn't hurt.
Cuddy : You don't need your pain to be a good doctor.
House : I'm not interested in good.
Cuddy : You're afraid to be happy.
House : Why do you care if I'm happy?
Cuddy : You're afraid of change. The one thing you have is your intellect.
Cuddy : You think if that's compromised, you have nothing.
Cuddy : Just take it.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Don't do this.
House : It's already done.
House : This is the only me you get.