Cuddy : Yes, those were my terms for sleeping with him.
Wilson : He's in a good mood.
Cuddy : Sex with me would explain that,
Cuddy : but it doesn't explain why I'm not curled up in a ball, weeping in shame.
Cuddy : I did not have sex with House.
Wilson : If you two aren't keeping something from me,
Wilson : that means he's keeping something from both of us.
Wilson : That can't be good. Or he's just in a good mood.
Cuddy : This is not a crisis.
Cuddy : Maybe you can get back some of that money he owes you.
UNK: Hmm.
Melanie : Testosterone blocker?
Melanie : Does that mean if Jackson has SLE, or whatever that other thing was,
Melanie : that he'd have to go off the hormones?
UNK: Probably.
Melanie : Then Jackson will stop developing,
Melanie : he'll never go through puberty.
Joseph : Maybe this isn't what's wrong with him,
Joseph : maybe the testosterone didn't cause it.
UNK: Yeah. But if it is, then he'll never be a man.
Melanie : Did we make the wrong choice?
Joseph : You'll need to tell him the testosterone blocker is something else.
Thirteen : Or maybe this is a good opportunity to tell him the truth.
Thirteen : It might make it simpler for all of you.
Melanie : You want us to tell a sick adolescent boy that he's really not an adolescent boy?
Melanie : That doesn't seem simpler to me.
Melanie : No. Just
Melanie : give him the meds.
House : So, you have pain in one arm and both your legs.
House : Does it hurt right now?
UNK: No.
Ian : It's when I, like, put pressure on them.
Ian : See, it hurts when I do this.
UNK: Ow!
Ian : And this.
UNK: Ow!
Ian : And this.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: What about this?
UNK: Ow!
Cuddy : Did you give House the moron with the broken finger?
UNK: They've been in Room 2 about 10 minutes.
UNK: The patient should've been screaming for another doctor seven minutes ago.
UNK: Thanks, bro.
Jackson : If I have this IV, why do I need a shot, too?
Thirteen : Just some extra medicine, just to be safe.
Thirteen : I hear you're quite the basketball player.
Thirteen : What position? Point guard.
Thirteen : Small forward. How's your crossover dribble?
Melanie : It's okay. I'm not really that into basketball.
UNK: Gonna feel a little pinch, okay?
Thirteen : So, if you're not that into it, why'd you join the team?
UNK: My mom kind of made me do it.
Jackson : My parents were the same way,
Thirteen : always pushing me to try new things.
Jackson : It was more like what she didn't want me to try.
Jackson : I wanted to take dance, but she flipped out,
Jackson : and made me choose between basketball and hockey.
Thirteen : What does your dad say?
Jackson : He seemed okay with it, then he just caved in to my mom.
Thirteen : Your palm is red.
UNK: What does that mean?
Thirteen : That we still don't know what's wrong with you.
Cuddy : You were right, he is in a good mood.
Kutner : Bummer it didn't work out with you and Thirteen.
Foreman : It happens.