Esposito : Okay. If you were there on the up and up,
Esposito : tell us, was Joe in any kind of trouble?
Ryan : Look, buddy, I don't think you appreciate the situation you're in.
Ryan : You are on parole
Ryan : and you're up to your neck in a homicide investigation.
Ryan : Now you better start talking or we're gonna have you back in Sing Sing
Ryan : before the evening roll call.
UNK: All right, Joe had me run errands for him, okay?
UNK: Pick up laundry, go to the bodega, stuff like that.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : A few weeks ago, he gave me an envelope
UNK: Hank Ponzell : and told me to take it to this lady.
Esposito : What was in the envelope?
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Cash. Like two grand.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : But I don't know what it was for. I swear.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Joe always talked about how he got out of the criminal life,
UNK: Hank Ponzell : but maybe he still had a foot in.
Esposito : Who was this lady that you delivered the envelope to?
UNK: Ms. Jenkins?
UNK: Yes?
Beckett : Do you live at 3751 West End Ave?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : We need to chat.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : I did it. I did it. I did it.
Castle : You killed him?
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : Oh, my God, no! Of course not. Why would you think that?
Castle : Because you just said, "I did it."
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : No, no, not murder. No, God!
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : I did something else. Something awful.
UNK: Ms. Jenkins, you're the court clerk.
Beckett : Why did Joe McUsic give you that much money?
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : He paid me to put him on that jury.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : Joe McUsic came to me and said he wanted to serve his jury duty.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : I didn't see the harm.
Beckett : Sure. I mean, especially if you're gonna make a profit.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : My roommate moved out two months ago, I needed the extra cash for rent.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : And I figured who's gonna know? I mean, it's just jury duty.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : Please, please, don't send me to prison.
UNK: All day long, I see the women who get sent there, and I can't hack it.
UNK: I'll be some lifer's bitch before breakfast.
Beckett : Okay, Joe specifically asked to be on Otis Williams' trial?
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : Yes, he was insistent about getting on that jury pool.
Beckett : Did he tell you why?
UNK: No. But it was the Lyla Addison case.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : So I figured maybe he wanted to write a tell-all book about it or something.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : I swear, all I did was put him in the pool.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : He got through jury selection on his own.
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito looked at Joe's computer.
Beckett : There's no evidence that he was writing a book,
Beckett : or even taking notes on the trial.
UNK: So a murdered juror just bought himself onto the jury,
Montgomery : and we still have no idea why.
UNK: Murder, mystery, wrapped up inside a courtroom thriller.
Castle : I can't believe John Grisham hasn't written this book.
Montgomery : Wish he had.
Montgomery : Maybe then we'd know what was so special about that trial to Joe.
Beckett : Well, maybe Joe had a personal connection to the trial.
UNK: To the victim, Lyla Addison, or to the defendant, Otis Williams.
Montgomery : - Doesn't Joe have a juvie record? - Mmm-hmm.
Montgomery : What if he knew Otis from back in the day?
Montgomery : They could've gotten arrested together,
Montgomery : or maybe spent some time in the same juvenile hall.
Beckett : That's a good idea. I'll look into it.
UNK: Meanwhile, I'll have Lyla Addison's case file sent over from the 74,
Montgomery : and you should check in with the family. Could be a connection there.
UNK: - Okay. Good night, Castle. - Night.
Alexis : Hey, Dad. Writing?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: How was your day? Did you have a good time in the Village?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Go anywhere else?
Alexis : No. Just stayed in the Village.
UNK: Really?
Castle : I mean, New York is a big city. Lots of boroughs.
Alexis : Yeah, but I just stayed in Manhattan.
Castle : So, you didn't go to
UNK: Brooklyn?
Castle : Williamsburg is beautiful this time of year.
Alexis : How did you know?
Castle : A friend of mine told me. He went there. He saw you.
Alexis : - What friend? - Close friend.
Castle : J.J. Adams.
Alexis : Nose twitch. That's your tell. You're lying!
Castle : No, I'm not.
Alexis : Then who's J.J. Adams?
Castle : He's a friend of mine.
UNK: Wait.
Alexis : You're totally lying!
Alexis : How did you know where I was? Are you having me followed?
UNK: Monitoring my MetroCard? Checking my credit...
Alexis : My phone.
Alexis : Dad, tell me you're not tracking my phone.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Okay, look. This is not about what I did.
Castle : It's about what you did. You lied to me.
Alexis : Says the man who violated his daughter's civil rights.
Castle : Technically, I would have to be the government to violate...
Alexis : You're tracking my every move!
UNK: Not your every move!
Castle : - This isn't about... - What's next?
Alexis : A chip in my brain!
Castle : Whatever it takes when you're keeping secrets from me!
Alexis : You know what? If you're so interested in what I'm doing,
Alexis : why don't you ask your phone? I'm sure there's an app for that!
Beckett : You had it coming, Castle.
Beckett : I mean, you have the best kid in the world
Beckett : and you treated her like a common criminal.
Castle : Maybe she is, though.
Castle : I still don't know why she lied about going to Williamsburg.
Beckett : And you probably never will.
Beckett : Unless you plan on water boarding her.
Castle : Honestly, is what I did so wrong?
Beckett : I don't really think that it matters to Alexis.
Beckett : I mean, you broke her trust.
Ryan : Yeah, I know.
Castle : So what do I do now?
Beckett : Win it back.
UNK: Come on, Lyla's family's waiting.
UNK: Randolph Addison : No, I've never seen him outside the jury box.
UNK: I don't think any of us have.
UNK: Well, a juror bribing his way onto a trial.
UNK: I've never, in my 25 years as a prosecutor, seen anything like it.
Montgomery : Mr. Addison, is it at all possible that your daughter knew this man?
UNK: No.
UNK: Stephen?
UNK: Stephen Addison : I know most of my sister's friends.
UNK: Stephen Addison : He's not one of them.
UNK: Stephen Addison : And if he was, why would he have done this?
UNK: Stephen Addison : Why would he put my sister's shot at justice in jeopardy?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Roy, I don't think I need to tell you
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : how catastrophic this could be to the city's legal system.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, I need Joe McUsic's murder solved.
Montgomery : How bad are things, Lou?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : It's pretty bad.