Castle : He may have said it was regarding the Otis Williams case.
UNK: Dawn Craig : Oh. Yeah, I did get a series of bizarre, anonymous calls
UNK: Dawn Craig : from a man claiming that Otis Williams was innocent.
Castle : That would be Joe. Did he ever speak to the DA?
UNK: Dawn Craig : No, I never put him through. I figured he was a wacko.
UNK: Dawn Craig : We get a lot of these calls and half my job
UNK: Dawn Craig : is to filter out the legitimate calls from the crackpots.
Beckett : Did he ever mention anything else?
UNK: Dawn Craig : Yeah, he said he had evidence that would exonerate Otis Williams
UNK: Dawn Craig : and how he was gonna mail it to the District Attorney's office.
Castle : Did you ever get that package?
UNK: Dawn Craig : Not that I know of.
UNK: Dawn, most of these phone calls are under two minutes long,
UNK: but then there is this one at 10 : 14 p.m.,
UNK: it's over 10 minutes long.
UNK: Is there any chance that you took that phone call?
UNK: No. I never stay past 7 : 00.
Castle : How late does the DA work?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : This conversation is over.
UNK: This is the way you keep me in the loop, Roy?
Montgomery : It's a fast-moving case, Lou.
Montgomery : My team just followed the evidence where it led them.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Don't give me that, we've known each other too long.
Beckett : Mr. Karnacki, Joe McUsic made several phone calls to your office.
UNK: One of them lasted over 10 minutes.
Beckett : Did you speak to him, sir?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : - The dead juror? - Yes.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : No. Of course not.
Castle : Did he send you any evidence
Castle : that was relevant to the Otis Williams case?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Excuse me, I don't think we've been introduced.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : I'm the guy that can get you banned from this precinct.
UNK: And I can have you transferred to the harbor unit.
Montgomery : Lou, you said you wanted this murder squared away. That's all we're doing.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : No, what you're doing is sneaking around behind my back.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, the next time you want an interview,
UNK: Randolph Addison : you call.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : And don't you ever, ever
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : drag one of my staff down here without my knowledge again.