UNK: Tony Mueller : And how he's being railroaded by the system.
UNK: Tony Mueller : And then this morning, I see the same guy
UNK: Tony Mueller : on the defendant's side of the gallery,
UNK: Tony Mueller : in the front row, eyeballing me.
Beckett : Have you ever seen him with Joe?
UNK: Tony Mueller : Yes! Which is why when I saw Joe bite it, right in front of me,
UNK: Tony Mueller : I knew I was next.
UNK: Tony Mueller : And why should I die?
UNK: Tony Mueller : I was only trying to fulfill my civic responsibilities.
UNK: Thank you for coming in, Mr. Muller.
Beckett : Now, do you think you'll be able to describe him to our sketch artist?
UNK: Tony Mueller : He's a big scary black guy.
UNK: It might help it if you're just a little more specific.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Look, like I said, he's... He's a big scary black guy
UNK: Tony Mueller : named Wardell Williams,
UNK: Tony Mueller : the defendant's cousin.
Beckett : I didn't... I thought you didn't know who he was.
UNK: Tony Mueller : I didn't. But there he is.
Ryan : Are you sure?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Why?
Ryan : While you guys were in the box with Mr. Muller,
Ryan : I found this on courthouse surveillance.
Ryan : See, that's Joe the juror at the coffee machine
UNK: roughly 14 minutes before his death, right in our kill zone.
Beckett : Cousin Wardell.
Ryan : And watch this.
Castle : Looks like he makes a killer cup of joe.
Castle : Too soon.
UNK: Are y'all trying to accuse me of murder
UNK: Wardell Williams : with this half-assed version of a Zapruder film?
Beckett : You and Otis were more than just cousins.
Beckett : Grew up in the same household, more like brothers.
UNK: Yeah, me and O tight, so what?
Castle : So, it makes sense you'd do anything for him.
Castle : Including kill a juror on his murder trial.
UNK: Man, y'all are reaching.
Beckett : Are we?
Beckett : You talked to jurors. That's jury tampering.
UNK: Wardell Williams : So, accusing one black man of a murder he ain't commit
UNK: Wardell Williams : isn't good enough for you?
UNK: Ya'll trying for the daily double?
UNK: Wardell Williams : And I talked to a gang of folks in that courthouse.
UNK: Otis Williams : How am I supposed to know which one of them is a juror?
Castle : Well, the juror badges on their shirts might have been a hint.
Beckett : Using video surveillance footage,
Beckett : CSU managed to pull Joe's coffee cup out of the garbage.