UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : expressing fears for their own personal safety.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, the people of New York need to be assured
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : that they are protected.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Keep me in the loop.
Montgomery : All the years I've been in command of the 12th precinct,
Montgomery : you know how many times the District Attorney has shown up?
UNK: Once.
UNK: Today.
Montgomery : You heard the man, let's get to work.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Castle : There is no Joe connection to Lyla Addison.
Castle : There's nothing in her financials,
Castle : her murder file, her e-mails, her texts, not even her yearbook.
UNK: Joe and Lyla have absolutely nothing in common.
Beckett : It's like the two of them didn't even live on the same planet.
Esposito : Same goes with Joe and Otis.
Beckett : There's no Joe connection in the juvie files?
Esposito : No, not even close.
Esposito : Joe and Otis were sent to different juvie halls at different times.
Esposito : And they ran in opposite neighborhoods.
UNK: So, then why the hell did he want to get on that jury so bad?
Ryan : Wait a minute, I think I got something.
Beckett : You have a connection?
Ryan : According to his credit card, Joe purchased
Ryan : a pay-as-you-go cell phone from an electronics store
Ryan : a couple months back.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : - So? - So, he already had a cell phone.
Ryan : What's he need a burner phone for?
Ryan : Especially, an anonymous one.
Ryan : And if he is using it, where is it?
UNK: All right, take a crew to his apartment.
Beckett : See what you can find.
Beckett : That might be the break that we need.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Castle, can you stop playing around?
Castle : Actually, I'm not playing around.
Castle : I'm a little busy blowing this case wide open.
Castle : This is a photograph of the lookie-loos
UNK: at Lyla's crime scene.
UNK: This is a little magnification app.
Castle : Recognize anyone?
Beckett : It's Joe!
UNK: He was at Lyla Addison's crime scene.
Esposito : Why would he be there?
Castle : Only three reasons for a civilian to be at a murder scene.
Castle : One, they're dead. Two,
UNK: they just happened to be in the immediate area, or three,
UNK: it's our killer and he couldn't resist the compulsion
Castle : to return to the scene of the crime.
Castle : And which number do you think Joe is?
Beckett : I'm gonna go with three.
Castle : He's our victim, and our killer!
UNK: Nice.
UNK: Sorry.
Castle : Joe McUsic, victim and killer.
Castle : This is the best twist yet.
Castle : Joe served on the jury of a murder he committed.
Beckett : Yeah. But if Joe literally got away with murder, why would he risk it all
Beckett : and bribe his way onto the jury?
Castle : Maybe he felt compelled to save an innocent man.
Castle : Maybe he wanted to create reasonable doubt in the deliberation room
Castle : to get Otis off.
Beckett : Or maybe he got onto the jury because he wanted to make sure
Beckett : that an innocent Otis got convicted of his crime.
UNK: No, I like my killer-with- a-conscience theory better.
Beckett : Yeah, well, like your theory all you want,
Beckett : mine is less convoluted and contrived.
Esposito : Hate to burst bubbles, but you're both wrong.
UNK: Joe didn't kill Lyla.
Esposito : He had an alibi.
Esposito : I did background on the halfway house.
UNK: On the night Lyla was killed, Joe was at a fundraiser.
Beckett : He was there until midnight.
UNK: And Lyla was killed between 9 : 30 and 11 : 30 p.m.
Esposito : So, if he didn't kill her, why did he want to be on the jury so bad?
Beckett : And why was he at the crime scene?