UNK: Mr. McUsic arrived this morning at 8 : 37
UNK: and died at approximately 9 : 13.
Beckett : Fifteen minutes. That means that he was poisoned at the courthouse.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. And who benefits from a dead juror?
Beckett : The defendant.
Castle : Then we agree.
Ryan : The defendant, Otis Williams.
UNK: This guy's a real dirt bag's dirt bag.
Beckett : Grand theft auto, aggravated assault, attempted murder.
Castle : Dirt bag trifecta.
Castle : Which means, if convicted, he'd go away for a long time.
Esposito : Life without parole.
Esposito : I bet the DA would ask for the needle if New York still had the death penalty.
Ryan : They caught him in a stolen car with Lyla Addison's body in the trunk.
UNK: They've got his fingerprints, traces of the victim's blood.
UNK: This guy is way past guilty.
Castle : So, this is jury intimidation at its finest.
Castle : You kill a juror, you not only guarantee a mistrial,
Castle : but it also serves as a warning for any future jurors on a retrial.
Castle : Who wants to serve on a jury if there's a chance of being killed?
Ryan : But we know Otis didn't do it.
Ryan : He's been incarcerated since his arrest.
UNK: He might have had an accomplice.
Beckett : Whoever poisoned Joe McUsic
Beckett : somehow did it in this building 15 minutes before he died.
Ryan : I'll get with security,
Ryan : pull the surveillance footage from all the corridors and common rooms.
Esposito : I'll talk to the jurors. Someone might have seen something.
Castle : All right.
UNK: Why don't we see what Mr. Otis Williams has to say for himself.
UNK: Counselor.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, I'd like to speak with your client.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Detective, anything we have to say about Lyla Addison,
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : we've said during the trial.
UNK: I'm not here about Ms. Addison. I'm here about Juror number seven.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Okay. What about him?
Beckett : He was murdered.
UNK: Murdered?
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : I thought he died of a seizure, or some other natural cause.
Castle : There's nothing natural about cyanide poisoning.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Okay, look. My client doesn't know anything about that,
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : and there's no way I'm letting him talk to you.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Now if you'll excuse us, we're due in court. Let's go.
UNK: Judge Fitz : In light of the shocking circumstances
UNK: Judge Fitz : of Juror number seven's death,
UNK: Judge Fitz : it is my belief that this particular jury
UNK: Judge Fitz : is no longer capable of reaching a fair verdict.
UNK: Judge Fitz : Therefore, I have no choice but to declare a mistrial.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Your Honor, the people intend to refile charges.
UNK: Judge Fitz : Noted. Until then, Mr. Williams will be remanded.
UNK: Judge Fitz : This hearing is adjourned.
UNK: Randolph Addison : You call this justice, Your Honor? After what he did to my daughter!
UNK: Randolph Addison : You monster!
UNK: Dad! Dad, no.
UNK: Stephen Addison : Let's go home.
UNK: Looks like Otis' plan is working.
Beckett : Yeah, for now.
Beckett : Ryan, you find anything yet?
Ryan : Not yet. The building has a lot of cameras.
Ryan : Even though we have a very narrow time frame,
UNK: it's gonna take a couple of hours to get through all of it.
Esposito : Maybe we're wrong about the defendant.
Esposito : Maybe we should be looking at a juror.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Tony Muller, Juror number four.
Esposito : He's been missing since the murder.
UNK: He was a no-show for one of our interviews,
Esposito : he's not answering his cell,
Esposito : and neighbors saw him leave his apartment with an overnight bag.
UNK: All right, keep an eye out for him on the video.
Esposito : I already got an APB out.
Beckett : - You do? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Beckett,
Montgomery : the brother of your dead juror's here.
UNK: I thought courtrooms are supposed to be safe.
Beckett : I'm so sorry, Mr. McUsic.
Beckett : We're doing everything we can to figure it out.
UNK: I mean, who would want to hurt Joe?
Beckett : Well, you know, it might not have to do with your brother.
Beckett : It might have to do with the jury that he served on.
UNK: Did you know that he was assigned the Addison trial?
UNK: No.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : No, I just knew he had jury duty.
Beckett : Can you think of any reasons why your brother might have been biased
Beckett : either toward or against the defendant?