UNK: Javier Esposito : when he supposedly died 10 years ago?
UNK: Yeah...
UNK: Getting weird, isn't it?
Esposito : Yeah, weird.
Esposito : Fake deaths, car in the water.
UNK: Don't you think now is a good time to tell us what the hell's going on?
Beckett : I'm sorry, Javi. It's classified.
Esposito : I was Special Forces.
Esposito : I used to eat classified for breakfast, and yet writer boy can know?
Esposito : Okay. I'll be over there with Harbor Patrol
Esposito : trying to figure out how to get your unit out of the drink.
Esposito : I'm glad you're okay.
Beckett : Thank you. Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Writer boy?
Castle : So you think our shooter was Gage?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I think he's getting rid of anyone that could expose his rogue operations.
Castle : Well, he's doing a pretty good job.
Castle : We still have no idea what Pandora is.
Beckett : Well, we know that Blakely was afraid.
Beckett : And we know that he was working on something that was big enough
Beckett : to threaten the future of this country.
Castle : We just don't know what the hell he was working on.
Beckett : There's gotta be a clue somewhere in his life.
Beckett : Maybe there's something on the body that will tell us.
UNK: Alexis Castle : No, we checked. There was nothing in his pockets.
UNK: Lanie Parish : But the way they were turned out makes me think
UNK: Lanie Parish : someone went through and emptied them.
UNK: Gage.
BECKETT : Ryan, get some teams to search the building.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What are we looking for?
Beckett : I don't know, but he brought us here for a reason.
Beckett : Lanie, see what you can find on him.
Beckett : Dental, scars, prints, tattoos. Anything that might tell us...
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Sophia Turner : He's dead. CASTLE : Yeah.
Castle : Look, I can explain.
Sophia : Get in the car.
Sophia : What the hell did you think you were doing?
Castle : What you wanted. Finding Blakely.
Sophia : You cracked his code, and you didn't even think to notify me?
Beckett : Look, in Castle's defense, it was a long shot.
Beckett : And he didn't want to waste your time if he was wrong.
Beckett : And we were bringing the guy in...
Sophia : When he was killed. In your custody.
MARTIN : What were you doing at the docks?
Castle : He asked us to take him there. Why?
Beckett : We don't know.
Sophia : Well, did you learn anything?
Castle : Yes. He was hired to analyze the United States for vulnerabilities.
Castle : He said he found a weakness in our economy,
Castle : an unexpected linchpin, that if someone went after it,
Castle : would start the dominoes falling.
Sophia : Falling toward what?
Beckett : The end of our country as we know it.
Castle : So what's our next move?
Sophia : There is no next move.
Sophia : Not for you two.
Sophia : It was a mistake bringing you into the loop.
Sophia : You know, I really thought, I really thought you had changed.
Sophia : But you know what? You are the same reckless, immature,
Sophia : self-centered jackass that you always were.
Sophia : And you've put this investigation at risk.
Castle : Look, I'm sorry... You're sorry?
UNK: We are on the verge of the next 9/11 or worse.
Sophia : This isn't one of your damn books, Rick.
Sophia : This is real life, and when things go bad,
UNK: you can't just rewrite the ending like you did with us.
Sophia : Get them both out of here.
UNK: So, you slept with her?
Castle : Yeah, yeah.
Castle : Yeah, I slept with her.
Beckett : Have there been others?
UNK: Women? Muses.
UNK: No. Why?
UNK: I just wanted to see how big the club was, that's all.
Beckett : Hey, guys, what do you got?
UNK: Okay, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. First off, there is no club.
Castle : And second, we're off the case, if you recall?
Beckett : We're off their case. I still have a murder to solve.
UNK: Where your chief suspect is smack-dab in the middle of a CIA operation.
Beckett : I don't care what he's in the middle of.
Beckett : Thomas Gage killed three people,
Beckett : one of them was in my custody,
Beckett : he locked us in a trunk,
Beckett : and then he sent my cruiser to the bottom of the Hudson.
Castle : Gage is a trained covert operative.
Castle : There's no way you can catch him.
Beckett : Yes, I can. If I figure out where he was going.
Beckett : We find out what Blakely was working on, we find the linchpin.
Beckett : We find the linchpin, we find Gage.
Beckett : Anything on the warehouse?
Ryan : Yeah, right after you guys left,
Ryan : the feds showed up and shut us down.
Esposito : But we did find something on your vic, Nelson Blakely.
Esposito : His prints came back as a Scott McGregor from Long Island City.
UNK: Problem is, McGregor seems to only exist on paper.
Ryan : We can't find any trace of him in the real world.
Beckett : Did you guys send units to the listed address?
RYAN : Yeah, and the family living there had never heard of him.