UNK: And no one recognized his photo.
Beckett : Well, someone must have known him.
Castle : Someone did. He plays chess. That's not a solo sport.
Beckett : I thought you were off the case.
UNK: Well, you heard what Sophia said.
Castle : I'm a reckless, immature, self-centered jackass.
Castle : If you're stubborn enough to keep going,
Castle : I'm stupid enough to go with you.
Beckett : All right, you guys canvass all of the chess parks in the city.
Beckett : Let's see if we can dig up some of his opponents.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: What?
Castle : What do you mean the body never arrived?
Lanie : They intercepted it at transport.
Lanie : Apparently they had a court order.
Castle : That's impossible. How could they get a court order that fast?
Beckett : I don't know. Maybe you should ask your girlfriend.
UNK: Girlfriend?
Castle : Yes! Okay? We slept together.
Castle : It was a long time ago. What's the big deal?
Beckett : There is no big deal. Sleep with whoever you want.
Beckett : The more the merrier.
UNK: ALEXIS CLEARING THROAT
UNK: I have those toxicology reports you wanted.
LANIE : Oh, yes, just set them there, sweetie. Thank you.
Castle : So, enjoying your new internship?
Alexis : Well, I'm learning a lot.
Castle : Too much, I think.
Alexis : And I thought the dead bodies were going to be the grossest part.
Castle : Funny. Good night.
UNK: So, who was Beckett talking about?
Castle : None of your business. Now go to bed.
Alexis : The woman at the docks? Who is she?
Castle : Nobody. Now go to bed.
Alexis : I saw the way you looked at her. She's not nobody.
Castle : Well, it doesn't matter who she is
Castle : because I'm never going to see her again.
Castle : Now go to bed.
Alexis : You know, if you're going to keep secrets from me,
Alexis : I might start keeping secrets from you, too.
Castle : At your age, I'm thinking that might be a good idea.
UNK: Sophia.
Sophia : Hello, Rick.
UNK: How... When... How did you get in here?
Sophia : I'm CIA.
Sophia : So, they're turning them into graphic novels now?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : First one did well, so they're gonna do another.
Sophia : So what do you think? She look like me?
Danberg : What are you doing here?
Sophia : You're going after Gage, aren't you?
Castle : No, we're off the case, remember?
Sophia : You used to be a better liar.
UNK: Yeah.
Sophia : I know you've been looking into Blakely's aliases.
Sophia : It's okay, Rick, I don't mind. In fact, I want you on this case.
UNK: But... I know what I said.
Sophia : But I also know what's at stake.
Sophia : Bringing you and Beckett on board was not a popular decision.
Sophia : And after what happened with Blakely, I had to make a stand.
Sophia : But I know what kind of asset you can be.
Sophia : I know you'll just keep digging no matter what I say. It's your nature.
Sophia : You need to know how the story ends.
Sophia : Like with her.
Sophia : Does she know about this?
Sophia : Well, that's...
Sophia : You always did like playing with dynamite.
Sophia : Just be careful it doesn't blow up in your face.
Castle : She's different. Is she?
Sophia : Or do you just think she is?
Sophia : I heard you hit the same dead end with Blakely as we did.
Sophia : I thought you might be able to try this.
Sophia : It's what Blakely was looking for at the pier.
UNK: We found it in a go-bag with plane tickets, cash and some fake IDs.
CASTLE : Account numbers.
Sophia : All from domestic banks, and since Blakely was a US citizen...
Castle : You're prohibited from looking into them.
Sophia : But you guys aren't.
Sophia : And those accounts may contain clues as to who hired him.
UNK: I'm assuming you still want to know how the story ends.
Sophia : Just keep me in the loop this time.
Sophia : And, Rick,
Sophia : try not to get killed.
Sophia : I'm still quite fond of you.
Castle : Where are the boys?
Beckett : They're canvassing chess parks,
Beckett : looking for anyone that knew Blakely.
UNK: And why aren't you with them?
Beckett : Because my car is at the bottom of the Hudson,
Beckett : and Gates won't issue me another one
Beckett : until I write up an incident report,
Beckett : which I can't do because this case is classified.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: What? Nothing.
UNK: It's just that's a perfect example of a linchpin.
Sophia : This case might go unsolved,
Castle : all because you don't have access to a car.
Beckett : Don't make me shoot you.
Castle : Well, if you shoot me, who's gonna help you follow this lead?
Castle : Blakely's bank account information.
UNK: It's what he was going for up on the pier.
Castle : If we can track his money...
Beckett : Where did you get that?
UNK: Sophia.
Castle : She came to my place last night. Not like that.
Beckett : No, of course.
UNK: So, then, what happened to "reckless, immature, self-centered jackass"?
UNK: She was posturing for her colleagues.
Castle : Beckett, it's a lead.