Alexis : Who is she?
Beckett : I don't know, but this is it.
Castle : She's the linchpin.
Castle : The first domino to fall that leads to war.
UNK: I have to call them. They have to know.
GAGE : Put the phone down.
UNK: GUN COCKS BECKETT : Gage?
Gage : Put the phone down now.
Gage : Now run.
UNK: What? Run!
UNK: MACHINE GUN FIRING
UNK: CAR ALARMS WAILING
Beckett : I thought you were the bad guy.
Gage : If I were the bad guy, you'd be dead by now.
Gage : This way. No, my car is out front.
Gage : They're watching your car. You go that way and you'll die.
Castle : Who's out there? Who are they?
Gage : You can have answers or you can live. Your choice.
Gage : Stay down.
Castle : We need to call our CIA contact.
Castle : We need to tell them what's going on.
Gage : No calls.
Beckett : Where are we?
Gage : Someplace safe, but we don't have much time.
Gage : All right, I've been on the grid. I've heard the chatter.
Gage : Whatever this is, it's going down tomorrow.
Gage : Now, you got to Blakely's before me. Who's the target?
Beckett : Why did you kill Blakely and McGrath?
Gage : I didn't.
UNK: Come on, you really want me to take that gun away from you again?
Gage : We don't have the time.
Castle : Make time.
UNK: SIGHS
Gage : Look, as an asset you have to develop certain survival skills, all right?
Gage : Chief of which is the ability to know
Gage : something's wrong without knowing why.
Gage : It's always something small.
Gage : A static pop on your safe house phone,
UNK: a slight delay in authorization using your credit cards,
Gage : or the almost imperceptible pauses in conversations with your handler.
Gage : Something's wrong,
Gage : and if you don't figure out what,
UNK: you're not gonna survive the week.
UNK: Now someone is trying to send this world spiraling towards war,
Gage : and they want me to take the fall.
Gage : But neither of those things are gonna happen.
Gage : Now, I need you to tell me what the name of the target is.
Castle : Look, let me call my CIA contact.
Castle : She can help us. No.
Gage : Everything indicates that Pandora is being funded
UNK: by military-industrial concerns linked with Eastern Europe.
Gage : They can't pull off this operation, all right?
Gage : Not without help from the inside.
UNK: Detective, don't you get it?
Gage : My own people are setting me up,
UNK: and they're not gonna stop until I'm dead because I'm the diversion.
Gage : Look, if everyone's trying to stop me...
UNK: Then no one's trying to stop Pandora.
Gage : No one but me.
UNK: Now, I'm gonna ask you one last time,
Gage : who's the target?
UNK: DOORS CRASH OPEN
Sophia : Hello, Thomas.
Danberg : It's the oldest intelligence con job in the book.
Danberg : Create a crisis, so you can ride in just in time to save the day.
Sophia : Gage was playing you.