Sophia : He wanted you to think that he was the good guy.
Sophia : He needed your trust.
BECKETT : Yeah, but then why did he ask us who the linchpin was?
Beckett : Shouldn't he have known?
Beckett : He was protecting his op.
Sophia : He was ascertaining how much we knew before he killed you.
Castle : Well, if you're right, and the attack on us was staged,
UNK: then he can't be working alone.
Castle : Gage must have a partner.
Sophia : Which means it's not over.
UNK: The fire crews were unable to contain the blaze in Blakely's apartment.
UNK: Tech 2 : All of his research is gone.
Sophia : I want you to run this through every facial rec database we have.
Sophia : I want to know who she is and I want to know how the hell
UNK: a 10-year-old girl can be the first domino in the march toward war.
Sophia : Where's Gage?
Danberg : In the tank.
Sophia : You know, that guy you threw out the window, Gary Harper?
Sophia : In Berlin. The Mannheim business?
Sophia : You were there at the drop off with the Spaniard. You were good.
Sophia : So, who are you working for now?
Sophia : Who's the girl? Who's the linchpin?
Gage : Who put me in the cold? Who set me up?
Sophia : So you think there's someone inside the CIA?
Sophia : A mole? A traitor? Is that what you think?
Sophia : You know, I think you could be right. And I think it's you.
Gage : You're making a mistake.
Sophia : No, you and your partner are making a mistake.
Gage : I don't have a partner.
UNK: The guy out there, the one that killed McGrath and Blakely
Gage : and drove your friends into the water,
Gage : the one carrying out Operation Pandora?
Gage : He's not with me.
Gage : I saw him at the docks. The way he moved, he's with you.
Gage : He's CIA.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
BECKETT : Are you sure he's lying?
Beckett : He's not expressing any of the physiological traits.
UNK: He's trained to lie without betraying himself.
Danberg : He wants to divide us, make us suspicious of each other.
Danberg : Trust me, there's no mole but him.
Castle : What if you're wrong? What if he's telling the truth?
Sophia : That is immaterial. Right now, there is someone else out there
Sophia : who is preparing to go through with Pandora.
Sophia : And that girl is the key. We need to find her.
UNK: Tech 2 : Still negative on all databases.
UNK: If she's a foreign national, she might not be in any of ours.
Castle : What about her school uniform? Can you identify her through that?
UNK: Tech 2 : We tried. There's not enough of the crest visible to identify it.
Beckett : Do you really buy this?
Beckett : That killing a little girl could lead to the collapse of the United States?
Beckett : I mean, it just seems crazy.
UNK: Yeah, well, so did Blakely's first linchpin.
UNK: They asked him to develop a non-nuclear military strategy
UNK: that would bring down the Soviet Union.
UNK: Turns out all we had to do was outspend them.
UNK: SOPHIA SIGHS
Sophia : Need to take another run at Gage. Looks like he's all we've got.
Sophia : Put us on lockdown. No one leaves or enters the facility.
Beckett : Contact burns. He was shot point blank.
Castle : How is it that nobody heard the shot?
Sophia : The room is soundproof.
Sophia : The real question is,
Sophia : how come nobody saw?
UNK: Tech 1 : Someone hacked the video stream.
Castle : How is that possible? You're the CIA.
Castle : You have the most secure computers in the world.
UNK: Possible, because Gage was right.
Sophia : There's a mole in the CIA, and he's in this unit.
Danberg : Facility's locked down. All personnel have been accounted for.
Beckett : How many people had access to that room?
SOPHIA : Eighteen.
UNK: Tech 2 : Ma'am, I've isolated the subroutine used to doctor the video.
UNK: Tech 2 : It was embedded in a software worm to escape detection.
Danberg : Then there's no way to tell where it came from.
UNK: Tech 2 : I may be able to use a reductive logarithm
UNK: Tech 2 : to isolate the pathway it took through the system.
UNK: Tech 2 : It might tell us where it was loaded.
Danberg : You can do that?
UNK: Tech 2 : I can try.
Sophia : Do it.
Castle : I got no idea what they're talking about, but this is very exciting.
UNK: FEMALE TECHNICIAN : There it is. Starting the trace.
UNK: Tech 2 : Got it! That's the terminal address where the virus was uploaded.
Sophia : Whose is it?