Castle : She wants us on the case.
RYAN : What do you think this is about?
ESPOSITO : Smells like an intelligence op.
Ryan : CIA? NSA? DHS?
Esposito : Same letters, different alphabet.
Esposito : I had some buddies from the service volunteer for intelligence ops.
UNK: Yeah? How'd they like it?
Esposito : They all died.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Hey, guys. Do you recognize this man?
Man : Matter of fact, I do.
UNK: He comes to the park two or three times a week, looks for games.
Castle : What do you know about him?
Man : He's a crazy chess player.
Man : Makes some weird moves, like sacrificing his queen,
Man : just to see what happens.
Man : He always wins, though.
Epsosito : Do you know his name?
Man : Scott or something like that.
Man : But if you want to know about this guy, you should talk to Jani.
UNK: Jani? Who's Jani?
Man : Another player.
Man : Him and your guy been spending a lot of time together lately.
Beckett : So Blakely had over $2 million in six accounts,
Beckett : and none of them under his real name.
Beckett : Deposits were made by non-profits, aid groups,
UNK: environmental organizations.
Castle : So if those were his secret consulting accounts,
Castle : it's possible that one of those payments was for Operation Pandora.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: These two, deposits of half a million dollars each.
Beckett : This one was from three months ago,
Beckett : and this one was from a week ago.
Castle : His start and finish payments.
Beckett : Both from offshore accounts, but they're closed. It's a dead end.
Esposito : Yo, we may have a lead on Blakely.
Esposito : Guy in the park said he's been spending time with this man.
UNK: Janacek Spivey, two-time national chess champion,
Esposito : now an economics professor at The School of International Affairs.
Esposito : An economics professor? You think it's related?
Esposito : Well, I don't know if this helps,
Esposito : but the guy is also an advisor to the IMF, the UN Economics Council,
Esposito : and the Congressional Finance Committee.
SPIVEY : Yeah, that's him.
Yanni : But he said his name was McGregor, not Blakely.
Castle : What do you know about him?
Yanni : He was a hell of a chess player.
Yanni : It seemed like he knew every move I was gonna make before I made it.
Beckett : No, I mean, personally.
UNK: He never really talked about his personal life.
Ryan : Witnesses said you spent a lot of time talking. What about?
Yanni : Economic theory.
Yanni : When he found out what I did, he had a million questions.
Beckett : What kind of questions?
Yanni : About world economic forces, historic socio-economic models.
UNK: There were times it seemed like he knew more than I did.
Yanni : He was quite the hobbyist.
Beckett : No, he was more than just a hobbyist.
Beckett : Did he focus on anything in specific?
Yanni : Not that I remember.
Yanni : Though he was very concerned with the US economy.
Ryan : And he never mentioned any family or friends?
UNK: No. Anywhere he might have shopped?
Beckett : Anything that might indicate where he lived?
UNK: No, but I think he lived in Union Square.
UNK: And what makes you say that?
Yanni : After one of our walks,
UNK: I discovered I'd left my chess set in the park.
Yanni : And on my way back, I saw him head into a building there.
Beckett : Do you think you can identify that building for us?
Yanni : I think so.
Beckett : I gotta borrow your car.
Super : Yeah, this is his place right here.
Super : But he said his name was Finley, not Blakely or McGregor.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What are we looking for?
Beckett : Papers, computers, phone records, bills.
UNK: Anything that'll help us figure out what he was up to.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Think I found it.
BECKETT : What the hell?
UNK: INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER STATIC BUZZING