Beckett : Are you okay? He's fine.
UNK: He's good. Okay. You all right?
UNK: He's okay. You all right? Are you all right?
BECKETT : Yeah, maybe we should go outside. Come on. Yeah.
ESPOSITO : So what do you think this was all about?
Ryan : They didn't tell you?
UNK: What? Huh.
Esposito : They told you?
MARTIN : Once she turned me out,
Danberg : it didn't take long to put the pieces together.
Danberg : But all I could do was watch and wait for her to make her move.
Castle : Hard to believe she was a traitor. It was all an act.
MARTIN : Langley thinks she may have been a former KGB sleeper,
Danberg : set adrift when the Soviet Union broke up.
Danberg : Stayed with the company because she had nowhere else to go.
UNK: Until a better offer came along.
Beckett : Did you ever find out who she was working for? Who was behind Pandora?
Danberg : No, and even if I did, I couldn't tell you.
Castle : Agent Danberg,
Castle : Sophia said something,
Castle : something about my father being in the CIA.
Castle : Would you know anything about that?
Danberg : I'm afraid I don't. Sorry.
UNK: Oh. Detective Beckett, here.
Danberg : I had our guys take care of your car.
Beckett : You pulled my car out of the river? Yep.
Danberg : I think you will find it better than new.
Beckett : Thank you.
Danberg : It's the least that we could do. Take care.
Castle : You think she was telling the truth? About my father?
Castle : I mean, that would explain why he completely disappeared.
Beckett : I think that Sophia told a lot of lies.
Beckett : Must be tough.
Beckett : Finding out that she's a traitor,
Beckett : especially after you based Clara Strike on her and all.
Castle : Well, Clara started off as Sophia,
Castle : but she ended up being more like you, you know, smart, fierce, kind.
UNK: I think that's one of the reasons I was drawn to you.
Castle : As a muse.
Esposito : You think Dr. Blakely was right?
Castle : About the linchpin?
Castle : Do you think we actually saved the world?
Beckett : I think that we saved a little girl's life and that's enough for me.