Cristina : I say I want to keep our relationship private
UNK: and you tell the Chief of Surgery and you ask me to move in with you.
Cristina : - And now, you're religious. - Spiritual. There's a difference.
UNK: Cristina shakes her head : Well, not to me.
UNK: Cristina shakes her head : I don't know what we're doing.
UNK: Burke looks angry : Well, right now, we're working.
UNK: Burke looks angry : Page me if he spikes a fever.
UNK: Tell Mrs. Davison to hire a therapist, or a priest.
UNK: Burke looks angry : Anyone Justin will talk to.
Izzie : - Mrs. Epstein? - Oh.
UNK: Mrs. Epstein : - How is he? - He's gonna be fine.
UNK: - He's still groggy. - My dad wants to see me now, OK?
UNK: - OK. Come on. - OK.
UNK: - Run-run-run. - Yeah, let's run-run-run.
UNK: Let's run and see Dad.
UNK: Mrs. Epstein : It's OK, guys, Daddy's OK.
Daughter : Daddy. Daddy. I could kiss it better, Daddy.
UNK: Tim to his wife : Jillian, I have a headache.
UNK: - I'll sing, Daddy. - No.
UNK: - ~ Dashing through the snow... - No, Leah.
Tim : Damn it, Leah, shut up!
Tim : I can't stand that insipid song!
UNK: Izzie finally notices them : - Tim. - Just get out! Get out!
UNK: Tim yelling : Get the hell out of here, all of you!
UNK: Jake upset : You stupid shepherd! You broke my dad's brain!
UNK: How did that happen? His personality... You didn't go near the frontal lobe.
Izzie : Well, the CT might have missed something.
UNK: It could be a reaction from anesthesia wearing off, could be the pain.
UNK: He was in pain before surgery.
UNK: Watch him for two hours. If he doesn't improve, get a new CT.
George : OK.
Derek : Dr. Stevens?
Izzie : You had his brain open, literally open,
Izzie : he was laying there unconscious and vulnerable...
Derek : I poisoned him with my anti-holiday venom?
UNK: You say there's a lot about the brain we don't know.
UNK: How do you know your words didn't speak to him unconsciously?
Izzie : I mean, he trusted you to be his... shepherd.
UNK: Derek sarcastic : Dr. Stevens, you should be a little embarrassed.
UNK: Nadia's Mother : - I am. - Good.
Cristina : Oh, this is the CCU, there are no trees allowed in the CCU.
UNK: I know, but it's never really been enforced, so...
Mariann : How's he doing?
Cristina : Surgery went smoothly, but it's too soon to tell.
UNK: He's really a good boy. You just met him at a difficult time. He's been down.
UNK: I don't know why. But Father Michael will be able to talk to him.
UNK: No offense, but your son doesn't seem to be a fan of the holidays.
Cristina : He doesn't believe in Santa.
Mariann : Yes, well, a mother's job is to protect her child's innocence.
Mariann : And this Christmas could be his last time, so...
Justin : That's what you said last year, and the year before that.