Cristina : Except some surgeon figured out a way to give you someone else's heart,
UNK: which is so much cooler than Santa.
Cristina : So, I'm just saying...
Cristina : I think you should decide to live.
Cristina : Live so you can become a doctor and you can find a way to do heart transplants
Cristina : without someone having to die.
UNK: Or, you know, live so you can grow up and have kids.
UNK: And you know what? Raise them not to believe in Santa.
UNK: Man, that would piss your mom off.
Cristina : Just decide to live.
Cristina : Because in your case, dying really isn't the best revenge.
Jimmy : - How is she? - She gonna be all right?
Bailey : She lost a lot of blood, but we were able to replace it and repair the tear.
UNK: She's going to require several days' observation,
Bailey : - but she should have a full recovery. - Thank God.
UNK: "Thank God" is right, because we're certainly not going to thank you.
UNK: We should sue you for all you're worth.
UNK: Nadia's Mother : We sat here and sat here and sat here...
UNK: Bailey whispers to George : - You wanna help me out? - Really?
Bailey : You got your second chance, just don't screw it up.
UNK: ...three whole days for her operation.
UNK: Nadia's Mother : I should sue you and this whole damned hospital!
George : OK, yeah. You could sue us,
UNK: or you could consider the possibility of just shutting the hell up.
UNK: - What did you say to me? Did you hear? - I heard him.
UNK: - You can't talk to her like that. - Where is my daughter?
UNK: Nadia's Mother : - I'd like to see her. - Well, you can't.
UNK: I am her doctor, she is my patient this is a hospital,
UNK: the kind of place where people generally need peace and quiet.
George : So, no. Right now, you can't see her.
UNK: I'm not saying this because you threatened to sue Dr. Bailey
UNK: who spent hours saving your daughter's life, saving your wife's life.
George : I'm saying this because she is my patient,
George : and she is in the recovery wing of this hospital trying to recover.
George : And visiting hours are over.
UNK: So, good night.
George : And merry Christmas.
Bailey : Interns. Too emotional.
Bailey : Apologies.
Tim : Uh... Is the nausea constant or intermittent?
Alex : Constant.
MVO : When...
Alex : When did it first start?
Izzie : After I worked in the fields all day.
Alex : Do you have any allergies you're aware of?
UNK: Izzie finally notices them : No.
MVO : Izzie...
Alex : I never wanted to hurt you.
UNK: Izzie crying : You didn't hurt me. I don't even know you. I'm a farmer.
Alex : - You're still the patient? - What does it look like?
Alex : It's organophosphates.
Alex : Pesticide poisoning.
UNK: Crying's a symptom. That's it, right?
Burke : Right.
MVO : Hey.
MVO : - Hey. - You OK?
Mariann : - You look... - Yeah, yeah.
Meredith : - You know. Holidays. - Yeah.
Meredith : I do know.
George : - Merry Christmas. - Merry Christmas.
MVO : - Hey. - Merry Christmas, Joe.
George : Merry Christmas. Double scotch, single malt.
Derek : You're a good man.
Addison : Hey, Dr. Shepherd.
Izzie : Dr. Shepherd.
UNK: So, how's Mr. Epstein's frontal lobe?
Derek : He woke up smiling.
Addison : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
Derek : What are you drinking?
UNK: - It's hot buttered rum. It's delicious. - It's Dickensian.
UNK: No. Well, yeah. It is Christmas.
Addison : Christmas, Derek. We love Christmas.
Addison : At least we used to.
UNK: Yeah. Christmas makes you want to be with the people you love.
Derek : I'm not saying this to hurt you
Derek : or because I want to leave you, because I don't.
Derek : Meredith wasn't a fling.
Derek : She wasn't revenge.
Derek : I fell in love with her.
Derek : That doesn't go away because I decided to stay with you.
UNK: There's an old proverb that says you can't choose your family.
UNK: You take what the fates hand you.
UNK: And like them or not, love them or not,
UNK: understand them or not...
Cristina : Justin took a turn. His fever's down and his BP's up.
UNK: Burke knowingly : I wonder what got through to him.
UNK: Meredith in a creepy old woman's voice : I don't know.
UNK: ... you cope.
Alex : Pretty.
MVO : Yeah.
UNK: Then there's the school of thought that says the family you're born into
UNK: is simply a starting point.
George : What are we doing?
Tim : Lights.
UNK: They feed you and clothe you and take care of you
UNK: until you're ready to go into the world...
UNK: and find your tribe.