Burke : Look at that.
Burke : Beautiful fit.
UNK: Now we have to figure out why he's so angry.
Cristina : If I had that mother, I'd be angry too.
Cristina : - Actually, I do have that mother. - His mother is not the problem.
Burke : - She loves him. She never leaves. - She also never listens.
Cristina : - She doesn't know him. - Justin's depressed. You heard.
Burke : He doesn't want to live.
Burke : I just hope he changes his mind before he's too late.
UNK: What do you mean, "too late"?
Burke : With all medical realities being equal,
Burke : why does one patient live and another dies?
Burke : I believe there's a mind-body-spirit connection.
Burke : And if Justin really doesn't want this heart, his body will reject it.
Cristina : OK, let me get this straight.
Cristina : You don't just celebrate Christmas, you actually believe in Santa Claus?
Burke : Dr. Yang, go and schedule a psychiatric consult for our patient.
UNK: - But we're not done here. - You are.
UNK: Meredith in a creepy old woman's voice : I don't know. It hurts here and here and back here.
UNK: Did you get hit by a truck and forget about it?
Meredith : You're judged on bedside manner.
Meredith : I wouldn't be surprised if that's why you failed.
UNK: Could you be more patronizing?
Alex : - I didn't ask for your help. - Enough with the ego, you big baby.
Meredith : I gave up a surgery for this.
Meredith : Now, like I said, it hurts here and here and back here.
Meredith : Oh, and this morning,
Meredith : I noticed my poop was a funny grayish color.
George : Wow. That's all you can save of his stomach?
UNK: If eating is what this man lives for, we should put him out of his misery.
George : Paging Dr. Karevian.
Bailey : What did you just say?
George : Just... it's a joke. Kevorkian, Karevian.
Meredith : - Alex Karev. - I get the joke.
Bailey : I just don't think it's funny.
UNK: You see this, O'Malley?
Bailey : I make one mistake with this scalpel and this man's dead.
Bailey : My husband, he makes mistakes at his job all the time.
Bailey : As far as I know he's never killed anyone, but I have, and you will.
Bailey : And Alex did.
Bailey : He made a math mistake and a man died for it.
Bailey : Run that past your accountant,
Bailey : see how he'd feel if every mistake he made, someone ended up dead.
Bailey : You don't have to like Alex or care about him.
Bailey : But you damn well have to be on his side.
UNK: Hold that.
Izzie : What a great family. "Hanumas," "Christmukkah..."
Izzie : And how cute are those kids?
UNK: Really, Dr. Stevens. "Christmukkah"?
Izzie : I think it's sweet.
Derek : Know what time of year neurosurgeons are busiest?
UNK: No. There's a "time of year"?
Derek : There's no hard or fast rule,
Derek : but brain injuries tend to pile up around holidays. Like our friend here.
UNK: Folks fall off their roofs while they string up lights
UNK: or go skating for the first time in a decade, break their heads open.
Derek : And every year, people drive through blizzards to get to parties
UNK: where they kiss germ-infected strangers under poisonous mistletoe.
Derek : Then they get so drunk that they smash their heads
UNK: through the windshield on the way home.
Meredith : Like I said, there's no hard or fast rule.
Alex : - Does this hurt, Mrs. Grey? - Yes, doctor.