UNK: - We've had 'em for months. - All right!
Richard : Prep Mrs. Shelton for her ulcer excision,
Richard : - which will happen this morning. - Thank you!
UNK: Ernie, I'm so happy! We're gonna go to the Needle!
UNK: Grey, Karev : cover the pit.
Bailey : You can expect all sorts of holiday idiocy so that is my gift to you.
Bailey : - Yang... - Dr. Bailey.
Burke : UNOS called. They have a donor heart for my patient.
UNK: - Heart surgery? I'm free. - I'm available.
UNK: No, you're not. You're covering the pit.
Bailey : - Yang, it's yours. - Thank you.
Bailey : Pit!
Alex : Damn. Heart transplant. Woulda liked to have seen that.
UNK: - There's tomorrow. - Maybe for you.
Meredith : - Meaning? - I retake the boards tomorrow.
Alex : Pretty sure I'm gonna fail, which makes today my last day here,
Alex : and I get to spend it doing stitches in the pit.
Burke : - So, when does Hanukkah fall this year? - Uh... No idea.
UNK: If there are other traditions you want me to be aware...
UNK: Cristina interrupts : Oh, no, Burke, seriously,
UNK: Cristina interrupts : I haven't observed religious holidays since I was old enough to know better.
UNK: "Run as fast as you can. You can catch him..."
Burke : - Good morning, Justin, Marion. - Good morning.
Justin : Hi, Dr. Burke.
Burke : I'm here with good news. Great news.
UNK: Marion smiles : - You don't mean that... - UNOS called. We have a heart.
Burke : - I'll operate this morning. - You hear that, baby?
Marion : Santa Claus is bringing you a new heart for Christmas.
UNK: Tell the fat-ass to give it to someone else.
UNK: Justin looks annoyed and turns to Burke : I don't want it.
UNK: I'm sorry, Dr. Burke. He's tired today.
UNK: I'm tired every day. I hate Christmas every day.
UNK: I'd rather not have another stupid operation.
Burke : Justin, I know surgery can be frightening, but you need this heart.
Burke : - You've worn out your last one. - His last one?
Burke : Justin had a heart transplant as a baby,
Burke : but his heart hasn't aged as well as he has.
Burke : You understand that, Justin?
UNK: Your heart can't keep up with you anymore. You need a new one.
Justin : I don't care. I don't want it.
Burke : Can you tell me why not?
UNK: Dr. Kim, 1471.
Richard : - Anxiety attacks, aneurysms and ulcers. - Must be December.
Patricia : - Chief, Adele just called. - Tell her I'm...
UNK: Patricia cuts off Richard : She knows you're not in surgery. And she said to tell you, quote,
UNK: Patricia cuts off Richard : "We are going to our niece's school pageant this morning."
UNK: "You have known about it for months."
UNK: "After what you pulled on Thanksgiving..."
UNK: Then she started using many words that I don't feel comfortable repeating.
UNK: - I have seven surgeons on vacation... - There was something about "divorce."
UNK: Richard to Bailey : You'll have to cover my ulcer excision.
Bailey : Yes, sir.
UNK: The woman is unreasonable.
UNK: When did watching a six-year-old dressed up like a wise man...
UNK: You couldn't hang up the phone?
Paramedic : Male, 44. Had a gastric bypass.