UNK: - Code blue! Just stay back. - Justin!
Marion : Justin, baby, I'm right here. I love you.
UNK: Please, just shut her up.
Nurse : He's in V-Fib. Charge the paddles to 100.
Cristina : - Charge. - Clear.
UNK: George forced smile : Clear.
Cristina : Can you get him back on the list? If it's a bad heart...
Burke : - It's not a bad heart. - Can you get him back on the list?
Burke : He's waited two years for this heart.
Burke : He has to fight for it, decide he wants to live.
UNK: Cristina frustrated : Medically speaking, is there anything we haven't done?
Burke : The way you're feeling right now,
UNK: it's why I have to believe in something bigger than me.
Burke : Because if I didn't, that powerlessness would eat me alive.
Derek : - Drill, please. - Any danger with two
UNK: - craniotomies in one day? - No more than with one.
Derek : - Is there any music? - Any requests?
UNK: Derek looking at Izzie : Christmas carols... or Hanukkah.
UNK: Derek looking at Izzie : Is there such a thing as Hanukkah carols?
UNK: Derek looking at Izzie : The brain is a mysterious thing, Dr. Stevens.
UNK: Derek looking at Izzie : You never know what may penetrate the psyche.
UNK: - Look! - Kissing ulcers.
UNK: One's perfed, the other one's bleeding.
George : Two ulcers. I'm not surprised, with that family.
UNK: I should have thrown them out. Why didn't I?
UNK: That's what I should have done.
Bailey : Stop whining, O'Malley. You had your chance, you didn't take it.
George : Right. Sorry.
Bailey : - Do not kick me. - Excuse me?
Bailey : Are you kicking me under the table, O'Malley?
Tim : No!
Bailey : Then clearly, I wasn't talking to you.
UNK: You cannot kick me while I am doing my job.
UNK: Nadia's Mother : Thank you.
UNK: Marion shaking Justin : Wake up.
UNK: No wonder you failed. Do you expect to learn this stuff by osmosis?
UNK: Alex sleepy : What are you doing here?
UNK: Izzie crosses her arms in front of her : I'm a farmer, OK? I've been drooling, puking, and crapping my pants.
Alex : You came here to help me study?
UNK: Izzie annoyed : Well, I'm not actually crapping my pants now, am I?
Alex : Why would you want to help me after what I did?
UNK: Izzie yells : Because it's what Jesus would freaking do!
Derek : You know, I don't believe in Santa either, Justin.
Cristina : Or God.
Cristina : I believe in medicine.
Cristina : And it's a medical miracle you're alive.
UNK: With the heart you had, you should have died two weeks after you were born.