Mariann : Oh, my baby, you're awake.
Mariann : You look great.
Mariann : My big strong boy.
Mariann : Santa brought you back to me.
Mariann : - What are you doing? - Sorry, CCU regulations.
Meredith : - Are we using mesh? - Yes, the conjoined tendon is...
Meredith : Dr. Bailey?
UNK: Bailey raises her hand to silence Meredith : Just wouldn't want to throw up in the body cavity.
Nurse : - Dr. Bailey, are you all right? - Oh, no.
Meredith : - Do you need... - Just... I need a minute, Grey.
Bailey : When you operate, the rest of the world goes away.
UNK: Hunger, thirst, pain : you don't feel it in the OR.
Bailey : But it's not that way when you're sharing your body with another person.
UNK: OK. All right.
UNK: Do you have a retractor?
Meredith : Sure you don't want me to find someone to take over?
Bailey : What I want you to find me is a strawberry milk shake, extra-thick.
Burke : - Seriously? - Yeah.
UNK: Bailey nods : Nausea. Comes with the hunger, Grey. Go.
George : My throat, it's like, wicked sore, yo.
UNK: Plus, I got all these sick break outs, right?
Alex : Dude, seriously.
UNK: All right, all right! Sit down, sit down.
Alex : Open up your mouth, I'd like to inspect your tonsils.
UNK: Aaaa!
UNK: What's wrong with you? Are you sick?
George : Fake sick.
Alex : I failed my practical board exam. O'Malley's helping me study.
UNK: - You failed your... You're helping him? - Just to study. Nothing else.
MVO : - Izzie... - Don't say my name!
Izzie : And you are unbelievable!
George : I was doing mono, the fever and glands thing.
UNK: The acne was just the teenager thing. Izzie, would you wait?
UNK: Izzie yells : I say I like the guy, and you can't stop hating him.
UNK: Then as soon as he screws me over, you're his new best friend.
George : He failed his boards. This is important.
Izzie : - He cheated on me. - Busted?
George : - Yeah, I'm busted. - His exam is tomorrow.
UNK: Izzie even more angry : You're in on this too?
UNK: Izzie even more angry : - He cheated on me! God! - Told you she'd find out.
UNK: - Of course you're in on this. - She let him touch her boobs!
Izzie : He cheated on me with George's skanky syph nurse!
George : - That is just plain rude! - We know he cheated on you!
Meredith : That's why we let you turn the living room into Santa's Village.
Cristina : - What? - We're not big on holidays.
UNK: You know that. We're being supportive because you're having a hard time.
Meredith : But right now, Alex, he's having a harder time.
UNK: Why does everybody care what kind of time Alex is having?
Meredith : Because he's dirty Uncle Sal.
UNK: - Sorry? Huh? - You lost me.
UNK: Dirty Uncle Sal, who embarrasses everyone at family reunions
Meredith : and who can't be left alone with the teenage girls
Meredith : but you invite him to the picnic anyway.
Cristina : - What? - Still lost.
Meredith : I have a mother who doesn't recognize me.
Meredith : As far as family goes, this hospital, you guys are it.
Meredith : So, I know you're pissed at Alex,
Meredith : but maybe you could try to help him anyway.
UNK: Sort of like in the spirit of this holiday