Julie : Tell me.
Taub : Again, it's... Smallpox.
UNK: Smallpox?
Masters : Vaccine will protect you if you don't have it,
Masters : and lessen the severity if you already do.
Masters : But it's a billion-to-one, so we don't want you to panic or anything.
Lulu : How do I not panic with that information?
House : Idiot in exam room one needs anti-diarrheals and a dictionary.
Cuddy : You're not scheduled for clinic duty now.
House : I had some free time. I owed four hours...
Cuddy : Don't you have a case? Yeah.
UNK: Cuddy she Snatches The File Out Of His Hand : Then don't worry about it.
House : Are you a Stepford doctor?
Cuddy : If you're busy, you don't need to be down here.
House : You're serious.
Cuddy : Yep. Get out of here.
Eve : I can't.
UNK: Eve's Mom : I forgot her stuffed animal at home.
UNK: Eve's Mom : It's been with her through all the chemo sessions so far.
UNK: I need Lamby.
UNK: She doesn't want me to do it alone.
UNK: Honey, there's no other way.
UNK: Eve's Mom : You're just gonna have to be brave, okay?
Wilson : What if I get someone to sit with her
Wilson : while you run home and get Lamby?
Wilson : I'll get a nurse. Then I have to deal with a very sick man.
House : I think she knows.
Wilson : Who is she, and what does she know?
House : Cuddy and that I faked a lab test
House : and lied to her to save my last patient.
Wilson : What did she do?
House : She let me out of clinic duty because I had a case.
House : She's never done that.
Wilson : She's also probably never ordered
Wilson : the pasta special in the cafeteria.
Wilson : Would that also have some special paranoid message to send you?
UNK: House he Gets Up : I am not imagining this.
UNK: House he Gets Up : It's an aberration in the way that she treats me.
UNK: House he Gets Up : How do I find out what it means?
Masters : You don't. If she doesn't know,
Wilson : all you're gonna do by sniffing around is make her suspicious.
Wilson : If she does know, you'll find out soon enough.
House : What if I die of curiosity in the meantime?
UNK: Wilson in A Lecturing Tone : You were an idiot for lying to her in the first place.
UNK: Wilson in A Lecturing Tone : Don't be more of an idiot now.
UNK: Wilson in A Lecturing Tone : Say nothing. To no one. About anything.
UNK: Wilson in A Lecturing Tone : That includes me.
Taub : It's not smallpox.
Taub : Blood work suggests some other infection. White count is way down.
UNK: Masters, you got a boyfriend?
Masters : That's none of your business.
House : Probably just a dry spell.
Taub : House, you do realize we just ruled out smallpox?
UNK: House paying Absolutely No Attention To Taub : Would you ever be extra nice to a theoretical boyfriend
UNK: House paying Absolutely No Attention To Taub : if you were really mad at him?
UNK: Masters obviously Trying To Answer As Honestly As She Can : I guess the only reason I would be extra nice is because I'm angry,
UNK: Masters obviously Trying To Answer As Honestly As She Can : and I just want him to go away
UNK: Masters obviously Trying To Answer As Honestly As She Can : so I don't have to deal with him anymore.
UNK: You passive-aggressive bitch.
Masters : You just asked me...
House : What about Foreman's unnecessary tests?
Masters : Negative for varicella and measles.
Masters : So all of our ideas are off the table.
House : I'm putting mine back on.
House : Patient's a diver.
House : Under increased pressure, everything in the blood
House : gets scared, panics, runs and hides.
Taub : Antibodies could be in the joints.
House : Tap her knee, ankle, shoulder,
House : and any other joint in her smallpox-ridden body.
House : Good talk.
House : You know.
UNK: Cuddy matter Of Factly : Of course I know.
UNK: House relieved : Oh, thank God.
UNK: House relieved : I thought I was just being paranoid.
UNK: House relieved : Why didn't you say something?
Cuddy : 'Cause I wanted you to come to me and apologize.
House : I can't apologize if I haven't done anything wrong.
UNK: Cuddy closing Her File, Dryly : You lied to my face.
UNK: House in A Patient Tone : To do my job. To save the patient's life.
UNK: House in A Patient Tone : I wouldn't lie to you about something personal.
Cuddy : You don't get to lie to me about anything.
Cuddy : I can't compartmentalize my life like that.
UNK: House still Very Gently : Well, maybe you should practice, 'cause it comes in handy.
UNK: Cuddy still Pissed, Opening Her File Again : I think you should go.