Roger : Dad, you're bleeding.
Lulu : Somebody, please, get in here now!
Broda : This is not meningococcus. You're not getting in here.
UNK: Cool.
Chases : Not really. Not for them and not for you.
Chases : The dad's new symptoms are consistent with them having smallpox.
House : Would be, if he had a headache.
Chase : He does have a headache.
House : No, he just said, "Ow" and held his head.
UNK: Actually, he said, "Ow" then he said, "It's a headache."
House : Which could be indicative of head pain.
House : Headache is caused by muscle tension or vascular stretching.
House : Head pain is caused by trauma.
House : Which would include such events
House : as a bleed in the brain from TB.
Taub : - We're back to TB? - We never left.
Foreman : We'll need to do a CT.
Foreman : And I sort of have a hunch
UNK: that the CDC is not gonna approve of us moving the patient.
House : Chase, can I talk to you outside for a second?
UNK: We just tried this. I'm not a better liar than Foreman.
House : Sure you are. You're descended from convicts.
House : Plus, there's no lie this time, just a bait and switch.
House : You propose that we don't have to move him
House : if we do a pneumo-encephalograph.
Chase : That's 60-year-old technology that killed patients.
UNK: Exactly. He'll compromise on the CT...
Chase : This isn't Cuddy. Your Jedi mind tricks won't work here.
UNK: These aren't the droids you're looking for.
Masters : You don't trust me.
House : Going behind your back works better when you're not facing us.
Masters : Instead of whatever lie you're gonna tell Broda,
Masters : why don't you just tell him the truth?
Masters : If we're honest and reasonable...
UNK: Then people of all races and creeds
House : will live together in peace and harmony...
Masters : How did your first plan work out?
House : Permission granted.
Captain : Thank you.
House : After she gets denied, do the bait and switch.
Wilson : They won't let your mommy back in the hospital
Wilson : because of an emergency downstairs.
Wilson : But we have to get started.
Eve : I can't do it without my Lamby.
Wilson : Who is she?
Sam : I'm nobody, I'm leaving soon.
Wilson : Her name is Sam, and she's a friend of mine.
Wilson : What does Lamby usually do while you get your treatment?
UNK: She holds my hand.
Wilson : Well, you could hold my hand.
Eve : That won't work.
UNK: Sam she Enters The Room : Well, sometimes we have to do things that we don't want to do.
UNK: Sam she Enters The Room : You have to go to school,
UNK: Sam she Enters The Room : you have to eat your vegetables,
UNK: and you have to take your medicine.
UNK: Foreman engrossed In His Newspaper : You have to.
Eve : I want my mommy.
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : I'll be right back.
Wilson : You know, I'm pretty sure Lamby has a cousin down in the gift shop.
House : Hold off a minute. I'm in overtime.
Masters : Broda agreed to CT the dad's brain.
House : Well, that sucks.
Masters : But I thought that's what you wanted.
House : I shouldn't have gotten it with the truth. He's a hypocrite.
House : His position ever since he's been here has been...
Masters : I pointed out that either we're right,
Masters : and he's the hero for ending the crisis,
Masters : or he's right,
Masters : and he gets to be the first person
Masters : to look at a brain infected with smallpox.
Masters : CT scans weren't around 30 years ago.
House : Good work.
Masters : So I guess honesty is the best policy.
House : Why'd you say that?
House : Seriously, to establish your viewpoint,
House : as if I didn't already know it,
House : or to demonstrate some weird
House : cross-generational female solidarity with Cuddy?
Masters : Actually, I was just trying to fill the awkward silence.
House : Why have they stopped?
Masters : You can't go out there!
House : Why did you stop?
Broda : Get out of the hallway.
House : He does not have smallpox.
Broda : Yes, he does.
UNK: Niles he Breathes Shallowly And Looks Panicked : It itches.
Broda : He's just developed pustules.
Broda : He's now too dangerous to transport.
Broda : Get out of the hallway.