UNK: Taub he Is Reading A Newspaper : It's not smallpox, she's not dying, and it's not our case.
UNK: Taub he Is Reading A Newspaper : Need any other reasons to forget it?
House : You know how you can tell there's nothing to be done?
House : Chase showed up.
UNK: I was here at 9 : 00.
Masters : So you guys just want to do nothing for the next 18 hours
Masters : until they tell us it's not smallpox?
Masters : Can't we spend the time discussing
Masters : what looks like smallpox but isn't smallpox?
Chase : Molluscum contagiosum.
UNK: Foreman engrossed In His Newspaper : You have to compare lesions to differentiate.
UNK: But we don't have access to the patient or any new information.
UNK: House reading The Sheets He Has Just Printed Out : We do have access to the other patients.
UNK: House reading The Sheets He Has Just Printed Out : The ones who died of the same thing in 1793.
UNK: House reading The Sheets He Has Just Printed Out : Maritime Museum in Bermuda graciously sent over a PDF.
UNK: House reading The Sheets He Has Just Printed Out : Problem solved.
UNK: House reading The Sheets He Has Just Printed Out : I assume at least one of you speaks fluent Dutch.
Foreman : It's the middle of the night in the Netherlands.
Foreman : Nobody's working.
House : Oh, you can always find someone.
UNK: Well, you know, some people...
UNK: House looking Pleasantly Smug : I would say that I am, yeah.
UNK: House looking Pleasantly Smug : I want you to translate something for me.
UNK: Masters loudly : Just do the translation.
House : She can translate however she feels most comfortable.
Taub : House, the hospital has translators on call...
House : Shut up.
House : Honey, could you e-mail our new friend the captain's log?
UNK: Masters enjoying Herself : Sure thing,
UNK: Geerte coaxing Voice : sexiest American man.
UNK: Geerte she Has Put On Reading Glasses And A Shrug. The Male Team Is Sitting In Front Of The Screen. Masters Is Standing Up With Her Arm Crossed. All Are Listening Intently. House Is Reading The Same Files With His Glasses On, Too : "On morning of 14 July,
House : Isn't she adorable?
House : Go ahead and skip to the part where people get sick.
Foreman : What about the captain, the crew?
House : It can't be smallpox.
House : Airborne transmission means it's an equal opportunity killer.
House : We're looking for a disease that discriminates.
Taub : Sickle cell.
Chase : The disease doesn't have to be racist, it could be classist.
Chase : Vitamin D deficiency from lack of sunlight weakens the immune system,
Chase : makes the slaves more vulnerable to malaria or dengue fever...
Foreman : I don't know how you get pustules from any of those.
UNK: The captain and crew got clean drinking water.
UNK: The slaves drank whatever they could.
UNK: Scrofula.
Masters : That's what they called cervical TB lymphadenitis in the 1700s.
House : Scrofulicious. That's what they called annoying in the 1700s.
House : Is she wrong?
House : They died for nothing.
House : Those slaves could have lived long
House : fulfilling lives mowing my ancestors' lawns.
House : Foreman, can I speak to you outside for a second?
House : We need to test for TB.
Foreman : TB might fit, but it's too slow-moving to kill her anytime soon.
UNK: There's no way that CDC's gonna give us access.
House : That's why we don't think it's TB.
House : We think it's meningococcal disease,
House : which could kill her before the results come back.
Foreman : And once I gain access, I run the TB test.
UNK: You could've said all that in there.
House : In front of the narc? As if.
UNK: Foreman he Smirks A Little : Are you so afraid of this new girl,
UNK: Foreman he Smirks A Little : we have to take elaborate measures
UNK: Foreman he Smirks A Little : every time you want to skirt around ethical boundaries?
UNK: Foreman he Smirks A Little : Elaborate measures? We took a walk.
House : A walk you would have taken anyway.
House : Actually, I saved you from the horrible
UNK: post-differential traffic jam.
UNK: Meningococcus?
Foreman : We believe the rash under Julie's armpit is actually petechial spots.
Foreman : When added to the high fever, the vomiting and...
Broda : There haven't been any seizures, no stiff neck...
Foreman : If I could just gain access to the patient,
UNK: I could investigate the rash further.
UNK: All right, I'll take a look.
Foreman : I can wear your gear. I'll take every necessary precaution.
Broda : You come to me with a weak diagnosis.
Broda : I even offer to investigate.
Broda : But that's not good enough for you.
Broda : What's really going on here?
Niles : It's just a headache.
UNK: Baby.
UNK: Baby.