UNK: Well, to be precise, I was right before I was wrong, so...
Masters : So we just give up and go home?
Foreman : Actually, somebody locked the front door. But yeah, we give up.
Masters : We might as well keep...
Sam : We have our diagnosis.
House : If you're eager, you can go find us a new case.
Foreman : I guess she's eager or has a blind spot for sarcasm.
UNK: I just wanna look at the rash under her arm
Masters : to see if it's matured to match the...
Broda : You can look through the glass.
Masters : I need to be closer.
Masters : If the pustules are at a different stage...
Broda : She's comfortable.
Broda : We're gonna have our results back in eight hours.
Broda : If it's not smallpox, you can be the first one in there.
UNK: Eve.
Wilson : Guess who came by the hospital for a visit.
Wilson : Hello, Eve.
Wilson : Oh, no.
Wilson : All right, I'm gonna get a couple of nice nurses to come in here
Wilson : and get you two ready for the treatment, all right?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Eve still Smiling : How come Lamby can be here, but Mommy can't?
Sam : Lamby was dirty. We gave her a bath.
Eve : This isn't Lamby!
Masters : Julie doesn't have smallpox.
House : Did I just dream the part where I finally agreed it was smallpox?
House : Well, if what I thought was reality
House : was actually a dream, then the reverse...
House : - Oh, my God. - I had a threesome with Beyoncé and Lady Gaga.
Masters : She doesn't have pustules on her palms or the soles of her feet.
UNK: But Dad does have pustules there.
House : So how does he get smallpox, but it skips her?
House : If I leave like that, you should follow.
UNK: House excitedly : We gave it to him.
House : Where's Chase?
UNK: Foreman lying On A Bench : You do realize we don't all live together, right?
House : Well, then just... We gave it to him.
House : No pustules on the daughter's palms, so...
Taub : So, therefore, your theory is
Taub : you asked me to take the dad's blood,
Taub : but I accidentally injected him with smallpox.
House : Exactly. Although, technically, it was the vaccinia virus.
House : Which is what the smallpox vaccine is made from.
House : Same symptoms as smallpox,
House : but only half the calories and almost none of the lethality.
UNK: Foreman he Sits Up : You sound like one of those anti-vaccine cranks.
UNK: Foreman he Sits Up : You can't develop full-blown symptoms from the vaccine this quickly.
House : You can if you're immuno-compromised.
House : Am I the only one who reads these things? Dad had kidney cancer.
Foreman : Six years ago. He's been in remission.
House : Well, it's obviously back.
UNK: It shot his immune system,
House : made him vulnerable to the vaccinia.
House : Which will get better on interferon.
House : So if he responds to the treatment,
House : that proves he doesn't have smallpox.
Taub : Then what does the daughter have?
House : Damn. I was hoping you weren't gonna ask me that.
House : Can we please just focus on the disease
UNK: we've just diagnosed and we can treat?
House : What's more likely? He got smallpox
House : the day after we immunized him for it,
House : or he's sick from the vaccine itself?
Broda : You got any proof the kidney cancer's back?
House : Well, let me give him this.
House : When he gets better, that will be the proof you need.
House : I'll put on one of your fancy space suits,
House : and I promise I won't kiss him on an open sore.
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : You know who Janet Parker is?
UNK: Broda he Gives The Doctor In The Dad's Room A Perfusion Bag, Via The Airlock : In 1978, she was working at a university in England.