UNK: Ow.
Taub : - Sorry.
Taub : I have to get the needle behind the bone.
Julie : I'm running out of bones.
Julie : If this is a waste of time... Last one.
UNK: We just have to be...
UNK: What?
Julie : What is it?
UNK: Taub he Sounds Afraid : I'm sorry. I have to call the CDC.
UNK: Taub he Sounds Afraid : I think you do have smallpox.
Julie : Am I gonna die?
Julie : I mean, this is what terrorists
Julie : want to use to kill everyone, right?
Julie : Like, there's no cure.
Taub : There are treatments. We can give you cidofovir...
House : I don't think you care about the drugs' names.
House : Bottom line, it's 30% fatal.
House : Which means your chances of being okay are about the same
House : as a basketball player's chance of hitting a free throw.
House : Unless she finds dark, purplish skin blotches.
Lulu : What would purple blotches mean?
Masters : Hemorrhagic-type smallpox.
House : In which case, her chances are more like Shaq hitting a free throw.
Masters : Well, no purple skin, but take a look at this.
Julie : What is it?
Masters : There's a rash under your daughter's arm.
UNK: What, like, more of those gross bumps?
House : No. It's just a regular rash.
Julie : What does that mean?
House : It means it's not smallpox.
Wilson : Are you saying you see House's side?
Wilson : It's not even a side, it's a fictional construction.
Sam : She's expecting House not to lie?
Sam : If she's using the relationship
Sam : as a rationale to try to change things...
Wilson : Wait, wait. Are you saying it's okay for us to lie to each other?
Sam : No. We have a different relationship. I think a better one.
Sam : Lying was never part of it. Theirs is built on it.
UNK: Taub he Sounds Afraid : I'm sorry. I have to go.
Sam : Oh, come on. I have to leave in, like, five minutes.
Sam : Can't it wait? There's a little girl.
Wilson : The nurse watching her got called away.
Wilson : It's a long story, but I've gotta babysit.
Wilson : I'll see you tonight.
Sam : Well, I guess I can stay.
Broda : Please, step out of the room.
Broda : I'm Dr. Broda, Head of Infection Control, CDC.
Broda : And your protective suits are not adequate.
House : Turns out they don't have to be.
House : Rash under the arm means it's not smallpox.