UNK: Is it just my imagination or did you change?
Beckett : Castle, could you get some backup, please?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : The only reason that I was dressed up was to go undercover.
Castle : Oh, I guess it was just a coincidence
Castle : that each time, I just so happened to be there.
Beckett : No, it wasn't a coincidence because you were always following me around.
UNK: Why? 'Cause you were into me.
Castle : - Me into you? - Yeah.
UNK: Mmm. I admit, I found you not unattractive,
Castle : and occasionally fun to be around.
UNK: But into you? Mmm...
Castle : No, definitely not.
Beckett : Okay, fine, then why were you following me around?
Beckett : And don't say that it was research,
Beckett : because no one believed that for a second.
Castle : You really want to know?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : It was because I was
Castle : having so much fun playing cop.
Mahoney : Oh, God!
UNK: Dead body? Yes!
UNK: Drop the gun, dirtbag!
Brian : - What did you call me? - Dirtbag, dirtbag.
UNK: Booyah.
Castle : Is there a police code for "zombie on the loose"?
Castle : I love this case.
Castle : Secrets, murder and gambling. Three of my favorite pastimes.
Castle : I got him! I got him!
Castle : So you admit that it was you
UNK: who vandalized Wilder's apartment?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : I sometimes forget I'm not actually a cop.
UNK: Want me to bust out Jake and the Fatman again?
UNK: I've always wanted to do that.
UNK: Jonathan Tisdale : Drop the gun, or I swear to God, I'll...
Castle : Tell me you saw that!
UNK: Sorry!
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Little help?
Castle : That was awesome!
UNK: I mean, well, obviously, it was horrible, but...
Beckett : I hate this case.
Castle : I know. Isn't it great?
Castle : Put your hands in the air and get on your knees while you're at it!
Castle : Gentlemen, if I've learned one thing,
Castle : it's to not let a little thing like murder get in the way of having a good time.
Beckett : That's not why you were following me around.
Castle : It is, too.
UNK: And anything else you come up with
Castle : is strictly a product of your imagination.
Beckett : Well, it's obvious that you and I are not gonna resolve this.
Castle : So you concede?
Esposito : Seriously? Who liked who first?
Beckett : That's right. Who was into whom first, me or Castle?
Esposito : You do realize that I'm busy trying to save your life?
Beckett : Just answer the question, Espo,
UNK: and don't be afraid to hurt his feelings.
UNK: And don't forget about how jealous she got
Castle : that time we worked that case at my ex-girlfriend's wedding.
Beckett : Or how jealous he got when I was with Demming.
Castle : Or before that, how jealous she got about me and my ex-wife.
Ryan : Who're you talking to?
UNK: Or remember when you wrote that...
Esposito : It's Castle and Beckett.
Esposito : I think they're starting to crack. Check it out.
UNK: Orjealous about me and Serena Kaye, or Sophia from the CIA.