UNK: And as long as he's alive, he's a threat to Dahl.
Castle : She was in on it from the start.
UNK: Yes! How did you know?
Castle : I was thinking the exact same thing.
Castle : I think I figured out who Zalman was paid to kill.
Beckett : Billionaire philanthropist, Christian Dahl?
Castle : It's like we could be twins.
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - I think I know who the killer is. - I think I know who the killer is.
Beckett : - Him! - Him!
Castle : - What? - What?
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - He lied! - He lied!
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - The con is still on! - The con is still on!
Beckett : - There! - There!
UNK: Castle & Beckett : - I know who the killer is. - I know who the killer is.
Ryan : Do you two practice this when we're not around?
Castle : See? The story. It's our secret ingredient.
Beckett : Except when your storytelling devolves into wild speculation.
Beckett : Then it's just maddening.
Castle : Hey, that wild speculation almost always points us to our killer.
Esposito : You know what I don't get is, who would steal a dead body?
Castle : Organ harvesters, cadaver-less med students, Satanists,
Castle : mad scientists looking to create their own monster.
Castle : The bullet was made of ice.
UNK: Gun-toting Viking? That's your theory?
Castle : Or he's a vampire.
Castle : Recently fired postal workers?
Beckett : Here I am, looking for evidence,
Beckett : and all I had to do was just make something up.
Castle : The clock was commissioned by a secret society
Castle : to count down the end of days.
Castle : A secret society of Santas who are the guardians of time.
Castle : Oh, that's good.
Beckett : Don't say spy.
UNK: Or mob hit.
Castle : Mob hit of a spy?
Castle : Ninja assassin.
Castle : Mad doctors and B-movie Nazis.
UNK: Time-traveling killer!
UNK: Maybe...
Castle : No. I got nothing.
Castle : The mummy himself has risen from the grave
Castle : and is roaming New York seeking vengeance.
Castle : Ooh, that'd be cool, if it was actually a ghost.
Castle : Don't ruin my story with your logic.
Castle : The actual DVD will not kill me, Esposito.
Castle : It will be the spirit inside the DVD, just like in The Ring.
UNK: Ethan Slaughter : Yeah, that's the stupidest thing you've said yet.
Castle : So killer cyborg sent from the future.
Castle : Resistance fighters intercept his coordinates,
Castle : redirect him into a pizza oven, saving humanity.
Castle : Who needs proof? What a great story!
Castle : Men in Black.
UNK: The psychic predicted her own murder!
Castle : Our killer's a zombie!
UNK: I said almost always.
UNK: But in this case we're not trying to catch our killer.
UNK: Fosse's already dead.
Castle : You know what bugs me? Why would a guy on a bombing spree
Castle : be worried about selling his baseball card collection?
Beckett : He wouldn't.
UNK: Do you think that Fosse was trying to lure the collector here?
Castle : Yeah, I'd say so,
Castle : seeing as how this receipt says he just bought this collection a week ago.
Castle : That card collector was going down to the station to make a statement, right?
Beckett : Yes. Yes. If he's still there, maybe Ryan and Esposito
Beckett : can figure out what Fosse wanted with him.
Castle : Already on it.
Esposito : You're sure you never met him before?
Esposito : No previous interactions?
Diego : No. He friended me on Facebook a few weeks ago,
Diego : saw me posting about some trading cards,
Diego : said he had some old ones for me to take a look at.
Ryan : How about any connection to his trial, even indirectly?
UNK: Maybe your job's related to the legal field somehow?
Diego : I'm an administrator for NYSED up in Albany.
Diego : This is the first time I've even been to this city in years.
UNK: Okay, what about his victims, Jeffrey Sklar, Kelly Runther.
Ryan : Any connection to them?
Diego : Sorry. I've never seen them before.
Esposito : What about this list of names connected to the Fosse trial?
Esposito : Do any of those names look familiar?
Esposito : Look again. We're running out of time.
UNK: I wanna help. I do. But I don't know anything.
Castle : Yeah. No, I understand. Thank you, Esposito.
UNK: Captain Mahoney : Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Ten minutes, I know.
Beckett : It's okay, Captain. You did everything you could.
Mahoney : We are not giving up.
Mahoney : There'll be guys down there working on this till the last possible moment.
UNK: But I have to withdraw everybody else. And that includes you, Castle.
UNK: Could I just...
UNK: Could I have a moment alone with him, please?
UNK: 'Course.
Beckett : It's time to say goodbye.
Castle : I'm not leaving.
Beckett : Castle, you promised
UNK: that you would help me with something when the time came.
Beckett : This is it.
Castle : Beckett, no.