Castle : Agent Shaw from the FBI.
UNK: Yeah, wow. Totally losing it.
Ryan : Listen, I ran down the bomb fragments from Fosse's previous attacks.
Ryan : The components he used were completely different.
UNK: They're not gonna be any help
UNK: in determining what this third bomb is like.
Esposito : - So it's up to BDU now. - Yeah.
Mahoney : Oh, God.
Mahoney : There's a timer, too.
UNK: Seems like the timer was activated once she stepped on that triggering plate.
Castle : Okay. Well, how much time is left?
UNK: Thirty minutes and 47 seconds.
UNK: Um...
Mahoney : All right, well, can we deactivate it by then?
Mahoney : We'll try. Trouble is, our usual targets, the fuse, the detonator, the timing pin,
Mahoney : they're all shielded by a steel plate.
Castle : Well, there's gotta be something we can do.
Castle : We could line the floor with armor.
Castle : I could just put on one of those Hurt Locker suits,
UNK: I could tackle her right off of it.
UNK: Mr. Castle, if that thing goes off, the whole building's going with it.
Mahoney : There's not a suit in the world that's gonna...
Beckett : Hey, Castle, what's going on?
Castle : Uh, be right there.
UNK: I promise we'll do all that we can. But I urge you to be realistic...
Castle : Okay, thank you, Captain. Thank you.
Beckett : What did he say?
Castle : Good news. They've isolated the bomb,
Castle : and they're deploying their bomb-disposal robot.
Castle : It's a new prototype model with advanced Al.
Castle : They've had a lot of success in field simulations. It's...
UNK: What?
Beckett : A prototype robot?
Beckett : I can tell when you're lying, Castle, you know that.
Beckett : Like when you said that you're following me just to play cop.
Beckett : Now, what did he actually say?
Castle : There's a timer on the bomb.
Castle : How long?
UNK: About 30 minutes.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's probably just as well. I can't keep standing here anyway.
Castle : Hey, we will get you out of this.
UNK: And what makes you so sure?
Castle : We've been in bad situations before.
UNK: Now here's what's gonna happen.
UNK: We're just gonna stroll on over to the elevator together.
UNK: You make a sound, and I'll put a round in this man's liver.
UNK: Dick Coonan : And he will die slowly.
UNK: How close to death do you wanna get?
UNK: Jerry Tyson : Castle! Are you watching? I got your girl!
Castle : I feel in situations like this, it's important to have faith.
Beckett : Help! Castle.
Beckett : Castle. Thank you for being there.
UNK: Always.
Beckett : Yeah, there is something about us that seems to draw in trouble.
Beckett : But you're forgetting the scariest one of them all.
Martha : Richard! I'm home!
Castle : - Oh, my God! - Ah!
Martha : Darling, we need to talk.
UNK: Hide.
Castle : - What? - Hide.
Beckett : - Are you serious? - Get in the closet.
Beckett : No, I'm not going in the closet!
Castle : - Get in the closet! - Oh!
Lanie : What's going on?
UNK: I'm just making the bed.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : That was terrifying.
Castle : But, still, as bad as the situation gets, we always find a way out.
UNK: Okay, fine. So how are we gonna find our way out of this one?
Castle : I keep thinking this answer is in Fosse's story.
Castle : I mean, something must have set him off. But what?
Beckett : Castle, why does his story matter?
Castle : The story always matters.
Castle : That's actually why we make such a great team.
Castle : You find the evidence, evidence helps me build the story,
Castle : the story points us to the solution.
UNK: - The key card. - Mike's key card!
Beckett : Scarlett gave it to him
UNK: so that the two of them could go into business together.
Castle : Making for one angry blackmailer.