Castle : He wanted to find out his girlfriend's new identity.
Castle : He was desperate to find them.
Beckett : - Castle. - Right there with you.
Castle : - Does she have a kid? - Yeah.
Ryan : She gave birth eight months after the trial. How did you know?
Beckett : It's his. He didn't find out about it until he got out.
Castle : And that's why he lured Diego here.
Castle : Diego had access to state school records.
Castle : He was trying to find his kid. It was all about...
Castle : That's the code. It has to be.
Beckett : Ryan, see if you can find the kid's name.
Gates : Working on it.
Castle : Okay, work fast, buddy. We got two minutes.
UNK: That story didn't make sense.
Castle : Fosse was desperate to see his kid just once before he dies.
Castle : But the mother has hidden the child away, so Fosse lashed out,
Castle : doing whatever it took to track them down.
Castle : Told you we'd figure this out.
Beckett : Castle, there's barely a minute left. You've gotta go.
Castle : - Not yet. - Please.
Beckett : If he finds the name I'll type it in myself. If not...
Castle : He'll come through.
Castle : He has to.
UNK: William. Kid's name is William.
Castle : Seven letters.
UNK: Billy.
UNK: Or Willy.
Esposito : What kind of mother's gonna call her kid Willy
Esposito : unless she wants his ass kicked every day at the playground?
UNK: Guys, 15 seconds. Your call, Beckett.
UNK: Billy. Go.
UNK: B-l-L-L-Y.
UNK: Castle!
UNK: She's off. She's off.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Hey, Castle, listen.
Beckett : Thank you for staying with me.
UNK: Always.
UNK: That's...
Castle : Perfect timing.
Esposito : You good?
Beckett : - Yeah, did she see? - No.
Gates : Glad to see you, Detective. Even you, Mr. Castle.
Gates : I have to say,
Gates : I don't know too many men who would've done what you did.
Beckett : Neither do I.
UNK: Oh, for heaven's sake, Detective. Just kiss the man.
Beckett : Sir, you know?
Gates : What? Do you think I'm an idiot?
Gates : I needed to maintain plausible deniability,
Gates : which I can continue as long as you two both act professionally at the precinct.
Castle : I know I can, but, Captain,
Castle : she has a long history of coming on to me at work...
Beckett : I don't think it'll be a problem, sir.
Gates : Good. Meanwhile, as long as we're on neutral ground here,
Gates : I'd say he deserves it, wouldn't you?
Beckett : Yes, sir, I would.
Beckett : You know, Castle, when I was standing up there,
Beckett : I kept thinking about all the times we've kissed,
Beckett : and I was trying to decide on the best one.
Castle : And what do you think?
Beckett : I think we're just getting started.