Castle : What was that?
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : I think I'm standing on a bomb.
Castle : How long do you think we'll have to stand here?
Beckett : Once Bomb Disposal finishes their sweep,
Beckett : we'll know if there are any other bombs you could step on,
Beckett : or if I'm standing on the only one.
Castle : We don't know that you're standing on a bomb. It could be nothing.
Beckett : Didn't feel like nothing. Something gave way under my feet.
Beckett : Felt like a trigger plate.
Castle : Could be a wonky floorboard.
Beckett : With a metallic click?
Castle : Loose nail. That's how floorboards get wonky.
Beckett : Well, I hope you're right.
Castle : I'm right.
Castle : I mean, think about it.
Castle : Who puts a live bomb in their own apartment?
UNK: It makes no sense.
UNK: Are you hungry?
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because any minute, someone's gonna come through that door
Castle : and give us the all clear.
Castle : And there is an amazing diner not three blocks from here.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I did miss my breakfast this morning.
UNK: Yeah. They make these incredible, foamy lattes,
Castle : cups as big as your head,
Castle : and a goat cheese omelet to die for.
Castle : Which would be a poor choice of words if you were standing on a bomb,
Castle : but guess what? You're not.
Beckett : You know, if I have to be stuck not standing on a bomb,
Beckett : then I'm glad I'm stuck with you.
Castle : I know.
UNK: Captain Mahoney : Captain Mahoney, Bomb Disposal Unit.
UNK: Captain Mahoney : Which one of you is Detective Beckett?
Beckett : I'm Detective Beckett. This is Castle.
Mahoney : Castle, you can relax.
UNK: We've X-rayed the entire apartment from the floor below.
Mahoney : There are no other explosives.
Castle : No other explosives. So...
Mahoney : Detective, I'm afraid you've stepped on a sensor plate
Mahoney : wired to a detonator.
Mahoney : Depressing that plate was sort of like cocking the hammer of a gun.
Mahoney : You take your weight off there, it's like pulling the trigger.
Mahoney : So it's very important that you don't move
UNK: till we figure out how to disarm it.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : BDU just confirmed it. Beckett's standing on a bomb.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Trace detection estimates 10 kilograms of RDX.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Enough to take out the whole building.
Esposito : So what's the plan?
Ryan : Sir, tell me there's a plan.
Gates : They're working on it. What do we have on that bomber?
Ryan : Looks like his motive was revenge.
Ryan : Kelly Runther, the woman he blew up last night,
Ryan : testified against him at his arson trial six years ago.
UNK: But why would he booby-trap his own apartment?
Esposito : The defense at his trial centered on allegations
Esposito : of evidence tampering by police, so...
Gates : He's got a vendetta against cops.
Esposito : Yes, sir. He wanted this to happen.
UNK: Well, we're not gonna let it.
Gates : You get him in the box.
UNK: I wanna know how to deactivate that bomb.
UNK: Archibald Fosse : What makes you think it can be deactivated?
Esposito : You better pray that it can,
Esposito : 'cause the person standing on it, she's a friend of mine.
Fosse : Not for long.
Ryan : That's where you're wrong. See, you're gonna help us.
Ryan : You know how the bomb is made,
Ryan : the detonator, the fuse, all the other little parts.
Ryan : They can stop any one of those parts from working, the bomb fails.
UNK: It's not gonna fail. I'm not done yet.
Fosse : None of this is over.
Esposito : Well, then you're going back to jail a cop-killer.
Esposito : And there's not a prison around that's gonna...
UNK: You wanna save your friend? I want a lawyer.
UNK: Now.
Mahoney : We're estimating the trigger plate is about three feet by three feet.
Mahoney : So no one crosses this line.
Castle : And the disarming process? How long does that usually take?
Mahoney : Well, that depends on the bomb.
Mahoney : We still don't know what kind of device we're dealing with.
Castle : So what are we supposed to do in the meantime? Just...
UNK: We can't have her just stand there.
Beckett : I'm okay, Castle.
Castle : - No, you're not okay. - You're standing...
UNK: Look, you said stepping on the plate was like cocking the hammer,
Castle : stepping off the plate was pulling the trigger.
Castle : What if we replaced Beckett with something of equal weight, you know?
Castle : Just the old Indiana Jones bag-of-sand-golden-idol trick.
Beckett : Remember how that turned out?
Mahoney : Look, the plate she's standing on
Mahoney : can sense even minor fluctuations in pressure.
Mahoney : You try to transfer the weight, you'll set off the bomb.
UNK: Put any kind of protective gear on her, you'll set off the bomb.
Mahoney : She shifts too quickly from one foot to the other...
UNK: Set off the bomb. I get it, thank you. I'm sorry, I was...
Castle : So what are we supposed to do, just stand here?
Mahoney : Not you, Mr. Castle.
Mahoney : All non-essential personnel must evacuate.
Castle : Oh, no. I am essential personnel.
Beckett : Castle, it's okay.
Mahoney : We'll take good care of her.
UNK: I got guys downstairs right now figuring this out.
Mahoney : Meantime, Detective, sit tight. I'll check back with you soon.
Castle : I appreciate it. I'm staying.
Beckett : Castle, please, there is no reason to put yourself in danger.
Beckett : There's nothing that you can do here.
UNK: Nothing?
UNK: Excuse me, who's gonna be your bomb buddy?
Beckett : My bomb buddy?
Castle : You heard what he said.
UNK: You're gonna be standing here, maybe for hours.
UNK: If I don't stay, who's gonna keep your spirits up?
UNK: Who's gonna take your mind off of getting tired?
UNK: Castle, I'm gonna be fine. I feel fine.
Castle : That would be great,
Castle : if you were a reliable judge of your own feelings,
Castle : which clearly you're not.
Beckett : What does that mean?
Castle : I'm sorry, exhibit A,
Castle : according to you, you felt nothing for me when we first met,
Castle : which we both know...
Beckett : Are you...
Beckett : Oh, I get it. I know what you're doing.
UNK: What?
Beckett : You know what, Castle, forget it. I'm not going down that path.
Beckett : You can just go now.
Castle : Fine, I'll leave.
Castle : If you admit to me you had feelings for me when we first met.