Ryan : weren't limited to cops and last night's bombing victim.
Ryan : There was another bombing last week in Connecticut.
Ryan : That victim worked for the ADA that put Fosse in jail six years ago.
UNK: Hey. Fosse said, "I'm not done yet."
Gates : Make a list of everyone involved with the prosecution at his trial.
Gates : We need to warn them.
Gates : There may be other bombs out there.
Gates : And get all the information
Gates : on any fragments that were recovered from both bombings.
Ryan : If those bombs were made with any common components,
UNK: it could help BDU deactivate the device that Beckett's on.
UNK: Without the disarm code, we're gonna need to get eyes on the device.
UNK: We use a fiber-optic scope, go in through the ceiling downstairs.
Castle : Is that dangerous?
Mahoney : Well, we'll do everything we can to minimize the risk.
Mahoney : We'll start across the room, snake the cable over.
Mahoney : Still, there'll be some vibrations, so there's always a chance that...
UNK: Just do it. I can't keep standing here forever.
UNK: All right, we'll go as quick as we can, but as slow as we have to.
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, listen to me...
Castle : I'm not leaving.
Boyer : Look, I know, but depending on what happens,
UNK: there's something that I need you to do.
Beckett : Something that I can't do myself.
UNK: You need me to hide your porn stash so your dad doesn't find it?
Beckett : Could you just be serious for a second, please?
Castle : Okay, what? What do you need me to do?
Beckett : Not now, okay? Just promise me you'll do it?
Castle : Yeah. Okay, yeah.
Castle : But you don't need to be thinking like this.
Beckett : I'm just... I'm trying to be realistic, Castle.
Beckett : I've been standing here for hours and I'm feeling the fatigue set in.
Castle : Don't think about it.
Castle : Beating fatigue, it's just... It's mind over body.
Castle : Escaped POWs have walked hundreds of miles to gain their freedom.
Castle : Polar explorer Ernest Shackleton rowed in a lifeboat
Castle : 800 miles to save his crew all because of...
Castle : You can convince yourself of almost anything,
Castle : much like you convinced yourself you weren't crazy about me.
Beckett : Castle, I know what you're trying to do.
Beckett : You're trying to take my mind off of it, and I appreciate that,
Beckett : but do we really have to...
Castle : And by the way, you may have convinced yourself,
UNK: but You weren't fooling anyone else.
Castle : Not me, and certainly not your friends.
UNK: Really? 'Cause no one ever said anything to me.
Lanie : Girl, I'm gonna smack you.
Lanie : You work side by side every day.
Lanie : He writes a sex scene in his book about you that had me reaching for ice water.
Lanie : Now Little Miss Bride shows up.
Lanie : Don't tell me you're not the least bit jealous.
Beckett : Oh, please. You've been inhaling too many autopsy fluids.
Lanie : Honey, just because you can't see what's going on,
Lanie : doesn't mean everyone else doesn't see what's going on!
Beckett : Shut up!
UNK: Natalie Rhodes : He's into you, but you're determined not to give in to these feelings
UNK: Natalie Rhodes : that you clearly have for him.
UNK: Natalie Rhodes : So he fantasizes about you through his writing.
UNK: Natalie Rhodes : It's literally verbal masturbation.
UNK: No, no, no, no, no, I get it.
Madison : You're hot for Castle.
UNK: You wanna make little Castle babies.
UNK: Despite your little act, you're crazy about him.
Lanie : Oh, what? Was that supposed to be some big secret?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Do you think he knows?
Kyra : He's all yours.
Beckett : Okay, okay. They might have said something, but...
UNK: But they were completely misreading the situation.
UNK: Oh. Much like I must've been misreading the situation all those times
Castle : you dressed up in revealing outfits to try and turn my head.
UNK: "No one..."
Castle : Undercover. I like it.
UNK: You might wanna pop one more button, just in case.