Castle : You're very good at bossing men around.
Castle : I find that hot.
Castle : Let me tell you something about crazy people. The sex is unbelievable.
Castle : Did you call to tell me a bedtime story?
Castle : I'd be happy to let you spank me.
Castle : We're handcuffed.
UNK: It's kinky.
Castle : Strangely arousing.
Beckett : You better not be enjoying this, Castle.
Castle : I'll let you know in a minute.
Castle : If you are not comfortable in a swimsuit, you can just skinny dip.
Castle : So, I wear boxers. What do you wear?
Castle : Thong? Cheekies?
Castle : Bloomers? Granny panties?
UNK: Commando?
Beckett : And talk about unwanted touching?
Beckett : - Ready? - Yep.
Beckett : Okay. I'm gonna go up. Ready? Grab my legs.
UNK: Castle, I said legs, okay?
Castle : Oh! Legs, sorry.
UNK: Yeah, but that's simply because
Castle : your legs are so close to your other bits.
Beckett : Oh, yeah. Keep telling yourself that, Castle.
UNK: It's gonna be okay, right?
Castle : Yeah, those guys downstairs, they've done this thousands of times.
UNK: Captain Mahoney : Captain Mahoney, Tactical wants an update.
Mahoney : Well, lack of access is limiting our options.
UNK: What'd you find out about that handheld remote he had?
UNK: Bomb Squad Tech : It definitely activated the bomb.
UNK: Bomb Squad Tech : Good news, Tech thinks it can deactivate it as well.
UNK: But we need the right five-digit code.
Mahoney : That's, what, a hundred thousand combinations?
UNK: Yeah. And it's tamper-proof. Enter the wrong code and...
UNK: My client says that he's willing to give you the disarm code,
UNK: Mike Boyer : but he has some demands.
UNK: "Full amnesty."
UNK: You gotta be kidding me, right?
Ryan : This guy killed someone last night.
Boyer : Uh, allegedly killed.
Boyer : Look, I know. I told him that you wouldn't go for it.
Boyer : But if you haven't noticed, he's got a screw loose.
Ryan : I can work on these other things, food, clothes,
Ryan : even the phone isn't impossible, but...
UNK: He said he won't go back to prison, okay?
Boyer : He walks or he won't help her.
Ryan : - Boyer, right? - Yeah.
Ryan : You've been out of law school, what, two, three years?
Boyer : Ten months.
Boyer : - Ten months. - Yeah.
Ryan : Okay, listen to me.
Ryan : That detective standing on that bomb, she needs to get through this.
Ryan : You understand me?
UNK: Look, I swear, I'm doing what I can.
Ryan : All right. I'll take this list to the DA, but we're gonna need a plan B.
Gates : DA's not going for it, nor should he.
Gates : Turning this madman loose on society to save a single life, even hers,
Gates : is against everything we stand for.
Gates : And Beckett, she'd be the first to agree with that.
Ryan : I'll go back to the lawyer. See if he can get through to Fosse.
UNK: So I told him that there was a deal to be had, just not for amnesty.
Beckett : - And? - And he's still insisting he walk.
Boyer : I figured I'd give him a few minutes to think and try again.
Boyer : Detective, I swear, I'm doing everything I can.
Ryan : - Thanks. - Yeah.
Esposito : Yo, do me a favor.
Esposito : Why don't you keep junior over there busy for me, will you?
UNK: I'm gonna go see our boy in holding.
UNK: Why?
Esposito : You want that code, right?
UNK: Javi, what are you gonna do?
Epsosito : That's up to him.
Esposito : Medic! I need a medic in holding, now!
Gates : How in the hell did he get that pen?
UNK: That friggin' lawyer gave it to him.
Esposito : He was trying to encourage Fosse to come up with some alternate demands.
Gates : And instead, he just cost us any hope of getting that disarm code.
Esposito : The guy just got out of prison a couple of months ago.
Esposito : Why would he start killing people and why would he take his own life?
Ryan : I think I can answer that.
Ryan : Turns out Fosse had stage four brain cancer.
Ryan : Found out last month. He was gonna die anyway.
Gates : So if he was dying, why not take his enemies with him?
Ryan : Exactly. And his enemies