Beckett : Please, Castle.
Beckett : Please don't make this any harder than it needs to be.
Castle : I wish I could kiss you.
Castle : I wish...
Castle : So many things.
Beckett : No. There's no regrets.
Beckett : All in all, I think we've had a great run.
Beckett : You should go.
UNK: Rick.
Beckett : I love you.
Castle : I love you, too.
UNK: Jim Beckett : You've reached the voicemail of Jim Beckett. Please leave a message.
Beckett : Hey, Dad, it's me. I just wanted to hear your voice,
UNK: and I wanted to tell you that I love you.
UNK: Okay, that's all. Bye.
Montgomery : We speak for the dead. That's the job.
Montgomery : We are all they've got once the wicked rob them of their voices.
Montgomery : We owe them that.
Montgomery : But we don't owe them our lives.
UNK: Jim Beckett : Your mother always said that life never delivers anything that we can't handle.
Castle : Let me take you someplace, Kate.
Castle : Someplace you'll be safe.
Beckett : I'll never be safe.
Montgomery : There are no victories,
Montgomery : there's only the battle.
UNK: And the best that you could hope for
UNK: is that you find some place where you can make your stand.
Beckett : I wish that I had someone who would be there for me
Beckett : and I could be there for him, and we could just dive into it together.
Beckett : Even on the worst days, there's a possibility forjoy.
UNK: Kate!
Beckett : I almost died, and all I could think about was you.
Beckett : I just want you.
Lanie : Don't die on me...
Castle : Come on!
UNK: Pulse at...
UNK: Seventy-eight.
UNK: Ninety...
Castle : Kate, I love you.
Castle : I love you, Kate.
UNK: Hey. What're you doing? Napping? 'Cause I can come back later.
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing here? You promised.
Castle : Yeah, I promised I'd leave. But I didn't promise I wouldn't come back.
UNK: Got coffee, later, for when you're off that thing.
Beckett : No, Castle, please. You have to leave now.
Beckett : There's no reason for both of us to die.
Castle : Oh, I didn't come here to die. I came here to diffuse the bomb.
Castle : There's still a chance.
UNK: Yes, a one in 100,000 chance.
UNK: Great. While there's still a chance, I'm not giving up.
Beckett : Castle, listen to me. I've already come to peace with this,
Beckett : and that doesn't include Alexis losing her father, or Martha her son.
Castle : Come on, what am I supposed to do?
Castle : Walk out the door while you're standing all the way over there by yourself?
Beckett : Yes! Yes, that's exactly...
Castle : Wait a second.
Castle : Why are you standing all the way over there?
UNK: If Fosse set the bomb for the cops,
UNK: why not set it by the door so they hit it as they came in? Unless...
Beckett : This wasn't for cops. Then who was it for?
Castle : The card collector kid. What was his name? Diego.
Castle : He was on his way up here.
Beckett : Maybe Fosse was trying to leverage him for information.
Castle : Okay, great. So, uh, what's near where you're standing?
Castle : Island, cards, computer.
Beckett : Castle, I think I can reach that computer from here.
UNK: No, you stay there, I'll check it out.
Beckett : Do you think Fosse wanted Diego to look something up?
Castle : Maybe, but what?
Castle : Checking the browser history.
UNK: Porn, more porn,
UNK: web sites for a couple of Pls, People-tracker-dot-pro.
UNK: He was looking for someone.
UNK: Maybe it was someone else
UNK: that he held responsible for putting him in prison.
Castle : No, you can find practically anyone with the click of a mouse.
Castle : Why hire a private investigator?
Ryan : I think I might have an answer for you.
Ryan : I went through the list of all the people involved in Fosse's trial.
Ryan : One woman's been completely scrubbed from the system.
Ryan : Driver's license, social security number, all gone.
Castle : Who was that?
Ryan : Dorothy Novak.
Ryan : The prosecution's main witness, and Fosse's girlfriend at the time.