UNK: Her what?
Stranger : How did you do that?
UNK: This is unbelievable, Pheebs. How can you be married?
UNK: I'm not "married" married, you know?
Phoebe : He's just a friend, and he's gay...
UNK: ...and he was from Canada, and he needed a Green Card.
Monica : I can't believe you married Duncan!
Monica : How could you not tell me? We told each other everything.
UNK: I'm sorry, but I knew if I told you, you'd get judgmental...
UNK: ...and wouldn't approve.
Monica : Of course I wouldn't approve!
Monica : You were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay.
Monica : What the hell were you thinking?
Ross : See? And you thought she'd be judgmental.
Phoebe : I wasn't in love with him. I was helping out a friend.
Monica : When he left town, you stayed in your pajamas for a month.
Monica : And I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
Monica : Well, didn't you?
Phoebe : I might have.
Monica : I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Phoebe : Like you tell me everything?
Monica : What have I not told you?
Phoebe : I don't know.
Phoebe : The fact that the underwear out on the telephone pole is yours...
UNK: ...from when you had sex with Bobby on the terrace!
UNK: What?
Monica : Wait a minute! Who told you?
Monica : You are dead meat.
Chandler : I didn't know it was a big secret.
Monica : Oh, it's not big. Not at all.
UNK: IKind of the same as, say...
Monica : ...I don't know, having a third nipple!
Phoebe : You have a third nipple?
Chandler : You bitch!
Ross : Whip it out! Whip it out!
UNK: There's nothing to see! It's a tiny bump. It's totally useless.
Rachel : As opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?
Monica : I can't believe you! You told me it was a nubbin.
Ross : Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
UNK: You see something, you hear a word, I thought that's what it was.
Joey : - Let me see it again! - Yes, show us your nubbin!
Chandler : Joey was in a porno movie!
UNK: If I'm going down, I'm taking everybody with me!
Rachel : - Oh, my God! - You were in a porno?!
Joey : I was young and I just wanted a job.
UNK: But I couldn't go through with it.
UNK: They let me be the guy who fixes the copier but can't...
UNK: ...because there's people having sex on it.
Monica : That is wild!
Ross : - What's it shaped like? - Is it hairy?
Joey : What happens if you flick it?
Ross : So does it do anything, you know, special?
Chandler : Pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance...
Chandler : ...to the magical land of Narnia.
Julie : In some cultures, having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility.
Julie : You get the best huts, and women dance naked around you.
Chandler : Are any of these cultures, per chance, in the Tri-State area?
Ross : You know, you are so amazing. Is there anything you don't know?
Rachel : Julie's so smart! Julie's so special!
Monica : I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did.
Monica : But he's with her now. You'll have to get over it.
UNK: Oh, I'm going to have to get over it.
UNK: I didn't know that's what I had to do. I just have to get over it.
UNK: - Sassy lady! - Where are you going?
UNK: I'm meeting Duncan. He's skating tonight at the Garden.
Phoebe : He's in the Capades.
Joey : - The Ice Capades? - No, the Gravel Capades.
Chandler : The turns aren't as fast, but when Snoopy falls? Funny.
Monica : I can't believe you'd dress up for him.
Monica : You're setting yourself up all over again.
UNK: Okay, no.
UNK: For your information, I'm seeing him so I can put those feelings behind me.
Phoebe : The reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice...
Phoebe : ...to look nice for your gay husband.
UNK: Darn it, we're all out of milk.
UNK: Chandler, will you fill me up here?
Chandler : I see, I see. Because of the third-nipple thing.
UNK: Okay, sweetie, I'll see you later.
Julie : - See you later, Rach. - Bye-bye, Julie.
UNK: Come on, cut it out!
UNK: - Can I ask you something? - Sure.
UNK: What?
UNK: Come on, talk to me.
Ross : What's the longest you've been in a relationship before...
Ross : ...having the sex?
Rachel : Why? Who's not? Are you and Julie not?
Rachel : Are you and Julie not having sex?
UNK: Technically?
UNK: No.
UNK: Is it because she's so cold in bed?