Nolan : Okay. Tell me about it.
Jay : You'd be losing a part of your brain.
Sidney : It is my brain. Why is it not my right to consent?
Jay : I'm sorry, but I'll take this to court, if necessary, all right?
Jay : Sidney's in no position to make decisions about herself right now.
Jay : She doesn't even know who she is.
Sidney : I read your consent form and I understood it. I want the surgery.
Jay : Why wouldn't she?
Jay : Of course she's willing to risk losing her memories permanently,
Jay : she has no idea how important those memories are.
Jay : Does she even know what "risk" is?
Alvie : She's never lost anything!
House : Without the surgery, she'll lose everything.
House : The prion infection will continue to advance
House : and destroy her whole brain.
Jay : There has to be another way.
UNK: Please.
Jay : I'm speaking for my wife,
Jay : the wife I lived with for four years,
Jay : who isn't here and can't defend herself.
Jay : Dr. House, are you listening?
House : Well, you can stop arguing 'cause it doesn't matter anymore.
House : Look at the variability in the heart rate.
UNK: The SE's spread into the brainstem.
Sidney : Wherever it is, you can still cut it out.
Taub : No. We can't cut the brainstem.
House : This thing's moving too quickly.
UNK: Surgery is no longer an option.
House : Which, I guess, means you've won. Congratulations.
House : Put in a pacer, and start her on chemo and radiation.
House : It won't cure her, but it'll buy a couple weeks,
House : so she can find out who she is before she dies.
Nolan : That was pretty rough.
Nolan : Do you always break the news to your patients that way?
Nolan : Or were you shorthanding it for me?
House : Husband was being an idiot.
Nolan : Well, he was asking for it.
UNK: But to punish him, you had to punish the wife, too.
Nolan : Why did he make you so angry?
Nolan : Because he didn't want to cooperate with you?
House : He'd rather risk his wife's life than their marriage.
House : People's brains stop working when they think
House : they're gonna lose someone they love.
UNK: Your leg hurting?
House : It's all right.
UNK: Okay.
Nolan : Anyone else you pissed off?
UNK: Fifty bucks for the book.
Harris : Forget it.
House : You paid $25. That's 100% return.
Harris : That's what I paid.
Harris : But it's a rare surgical text, nearly 100 years old,
Harris : plates in mint condition. That book's worth several thousand dollars.
UNK: $2,000. I'll write you a check.
Harris : Nice try.
Harris : Face it. I had the wit to recognize
Harris : something valuable when I saw it.
Harris : In the great Darwinian race, I get my just reward, you become roadkill.
UNK: Yo, House, you wanna stop by the library?
Alvie : 'Cause I got a book to return.
UNK: Old professor tried to hoard/hog
UNK: You can't stop Alvie with no guard-ass dog