Alvie : Bought the heart rate monitor on the store's website.
House : You know that Puerto Ricans are US citizens, right?
House : Instead of working the case, why don't you contemplate
House : the inanity of an American with American immigration issues?
Alvie : I had a birth certificate. I lost it.
House : So get a new one. I tried that, House.
Alvie : But the town hall had burned down when I was a kid,
Alvie : destroyed the records.
House : There's only one copy?
Alvie : They tried to make me fill out a whole bunch of forms
Alvie : before they'd give it to me.
Alvie : I decided it'd be quicker and easier to do it myself.
House : How'd that go?
Alvie : They figured out it was forged,
Alvie : and now, for some reason, they don't believe anything I say.
Alvie : They actually think I'm lying about being Puerto Rican.
Alvie : Told me I had to go to a special hearing to prove it.
UNK: Ms. X : What if nothing ever looks familiar?
House : Then someone will show up, a spouse, a friend,
House : to tell you who you really are
House : and what you should be feeling.
House : They always do.
UNK: Ms. X : I don't know who that is, but I miss him.
House : What did they say at the hearing?
Alvie : I didn't go. I lied once.
UNK: Your mother's Puerto Rican,
House : therefore you are Puerto Rican.
UNK: All you gotta do is prove your mom is your mom.
Wilson : Find some documentation...
Alvie : People like that don't listen to people like me.
UNK: Donuts. Hey, House, let's get donuts!
House : Alvie, the hearing...
UNK: Everyone loves donuts.
Alvie : Glazed, crullers, elephant ears, even donut holes.
Alvie : Much better than the sporting goods store.
Alvie : I bet Mrs. X went there all the time.
House : We're not here...
House : And then I realized...
House : You make a good point.
UNK: Really? I was making that up.
Durdanna : Dozen glazed, dozen jelly-filled?
Taub : You want the usual, right?
House : Your old friend, the fried carbohydrate.
House : She needed the calorically dense food
House : to support the running habit.
House : Do you know her name?
Durdanna : Sandy or Shelley, I don't know.
Durdanna : The guy she's with called her that once.
Durdanna : I just work here.
House : Do you know where they live?
Durdanna : He left a business card in our free donut jar.
Durdanna : It's up on the Wall of Winners.
UNK: Sidney.