Nolan : Why were you being so hard on the guy,
Nolan : when he was being conciliatory?
House : Come on, Cuddy played on his guilt. She put him up to this.
Nolan : How do you know that?
Nolan : How do you know this wasn't entirely his own idea?
House : Two reasons. First, he wants to create
House : the perfect environment to be with Sam.
House : He's been thinking about asking me to leave for a while.
House : Finally, he does it, and immediately turns around and changes his mind?
House : No. He talked to somebody.
Nolan : Maybe it was Sam.
UNK: Yeah, that's a possibility.
Wilson : I want this to be the last serious relationship I ever have.
Wilson : I want this to be the one.
Sam : Me, too.
Sam : Where's House? It's not as meaningful without him.
Nolan : Okay, not Sam.
Nolan : That still doesn't answer why Cuddy.
House : Because they've been talking about me.
House : She called me to check on the patient,
House : which she never does without a reason.
House : I asked why, and she said...
Cuddy : She's a barracuda attorney, House.
Cuddy : These are the kind of patients we like to keep happy.
House : Right now, the patient's lucky
House : if she can spell "jurisprudence."
Cuddy : Yeah, but when she gets that memory back,
Cuddy : which we're trying to make happen,
UNK: she'll be able to spell "lawsuit. " I'm just touching base.
UNK: "Touching base. " Wilson used exactly the same phrase.
House : Colluding about me is their favorite pastime.
Nolan : Okay, you think they talked.
Nolan : How do you think that conversation went?
Wilson : I'm worried about House.
Sam : Me, too. Couldn't you have waited?
Cuddy : It's way too early for him to be on his own, back in the old apartment.
Cuddy : What makes you think he can handle it?
Wilson : I offered to find him a new place.
Cuddy : You have to let him back into your condo.
Wilson : Sam and I just got him out of the condo.
Cuddy : You know what House is like, he's self-destructive.
UNK: Without constant supervision,
Cuddy : he's gonna slide back into drugs.
Cuddy : If you're not watching him, I've got to.
UNK: Yeah.
Nolan : So they don't trust you.
Nolan : They assume you'll fail.
Nolan : Are these their fears or yours?
Nolan : Let's turn on the lights. Hmm?
Nolan : In your brain.
Nolan : Maybe they did talk about you,
Nolan : but how do you know it didn't happen like this?
Wilson : I'm worried about House.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : It's the first time he'll be on his own since Mayfield.
UNK: No, you're being over-protective.
Cuddy : House doesn't need to be wrapped in cotton wool.
Cuddy : But you know that, or you wouldn't have asked him to move out.
Wilson : Okay. I guess this is really about me.
Wilson : It's just I feel like a jerk.
UNK: Sure, Sam and I are gonna wanna be on our own eventually,
Wilson : but I kind of sprang this on him.
UNK: The right way would've been to just tell him
Wilson : to take as long as he needed,
Wilson : that there's no hurry.
Cuddy : So it's not what you did, but how you did it?
Wilson : That matters in a friendship. I need to fix this.
Cuddy : Why don't you talk to him about moving back in?
Cuddy : Just touch base.
Taub : We're having a consent issue with the patient.
Nolan : Wait a minute. Taub's not here.
House : Yeah, he is.
Taub : We're having a consent issue with the patient.
Nolan : What's Taub doing in my imaginary version
Nolan : of a scene with Wilson and Cuddy?
House : Your version needed to be ended. Because it's crap.
House : It's all sweetness and light and faith
House : that I'm gonna choose the right path.
House : Yeah, that sounds like Wilson.
Nolan : I have as much evidence for mine as you do for yours.
Nolan : I know Wilson's your friend,
Nolan : so he could be wondering if he did right by you.
Nolan : And I know he wouldn't have asked you
Nolan : to move out in the first place
Nolan : unless he was convinced you could handle life on your own.
House : And I know that he and Cuddy have gone behind my back before
House : to strategize about "the House problem."
Nolan : So there's truth in both versions.
Nolan : But you choose to focus on the parts
Nolan : that make you uncomfortable. So...
Nolan : Why are you and Wilson friends?
Nolan : Do you think this friendship is the best you can do?
House : Wilson is not a consolation prize.
UNK: There, you're defending him.
Nolan : And a minute ago, he was skulking around in the background
Nolan : like some sort of manipulative lago.
House : He's my friend.
Nolan : So what do you value in him?
House : I can say whatever I want to him, and he'll never leave.
Nolan : He's sort of leaving.
Nolan : At least, he won't be around as much.
House : Because he's putting Sam first.
House : For now.
House : After the divorce, he'll probably ask me to move in again.
House : I take the long view.
Nolan : You say that to Wilson?
House : Are you kidding?
House : That's the kind of remark that leads people to hit you.
Nolan : Maybe you've been right from the beginning.
Nolan : Maybe this isn't about Wilson.
House : You say that now that I finally agree with you?
House : Do you just argue the opposite of whatever I say?
Nolan : I don't mean the Wilson thing doesn't bother you.
Nolan : But it sounds like he's the closest
UNK: you could come to a safe relationship.
Nolan : You'd have to do something major to screw it up.
Nolan : What else have you been involved in this week?
Nolan : What would you want to punish yourself for?
House : I told you I don't know.
Nolan : Okay, let's approach it from a different angle.
Nolan : Have you gotten any other people angry at you over anything?
House : Well, yeah. That's why I called it an ordinary week.