Cuddy : Her heart rate monitor has a serial number.
House : The distributor can match the number to the store that sold it.
House : She's a serious athlete.
House : She might have been there often enough to be remembered.
UNK: Brilliant.
Nolan : Did he really say that?
UNK: Subtextually.
Foreman : Long shot.
House : Even if the store clerk does know who she is,
House : the store's probably close to where she lives.
House : Just seeing those surroundings might spark a memory.
Taub : You want us to take her there?
UNK: No.
House : I'll take her.
UNK: Really?
Nolan : It's unusual for you to spend time with a patient, isn't it?
House : Patients are boring, as people.
House : This one, I'm sure, was no exception,
House : but her situation was interesting.
House : Besides, I was still avoiding Wilson,
House : and no better way to avoid than leaving the hospital.
Nolan : Maybe. Or were you avoiding going home?
Nolan : There's a reason they tell addicts
Nolan : to stay away from old geography.
House : I wasn't avoiding going home. I'd already gone home,
House : before I came in to work that day.
House : I went straight there from Wilson's.
Alvie : Hey! Take it easy. You're gonna kill me.
Alvie : God, why don't people knock...
Alvie : House, it's you! Where you been? Hold up a second.
UNK: Alvie?
Nolan : Juan Alvarez? You let him stay at your place?
House : Not exactly.
Alvie : I was beginning to wonder if you were ever gonna show up.
House : Why are you here?
Alvie : When I left Mayfield, I went back to the old neighborhood.
Alvie : You know, you shouldn't leave the bathroom window unlocked.
House : Yeah, thanks for the safety lesson. Why are you here?
Alvie : Like I said, when I went back to the neighborhood,
Alvie : I found out Immigration was looking for me.
Alvie : So I decided to visit my old buddy House.
House : And turn his apartment into a giant prison jumpsuit.
Alvie : Juan Alvarez is no freeloader.
Alvie : I do my part, earn my keep.
Alvie : The first week, I made you dinner, but you never showed up.
Alvie : The second week, I organized your stuff.
House : My stuff?
Alvie : But still, you never showed up.
Alvie : So this week, since I'm a real good painter, I decided to feng shui...
House : Coffee table. Where'd you put it?
House : In the bedroom?
Alvie : The paint's not cheap, House. It's a custom color.
Alvie : It's a mix of titanium yellow and ochre.
Alvie : Ochre. I don't even like that stuff.
Alvie : It's like a fruit, it's got hair on it,
Alvie : but they say it's a vegetable...
House : You sold my table to pay for paint that I don't want?
Alvie : I had to sell some other things, too.
House : Get out.
Alvie : No, papa, just give the color a chance.
House : Look, I'm going to work now.
House : And when I come back, the walls will be
House : a less exciting color, and you will be gone.
Nolan : So Wilson threw you out, and you threw Alvie out. Just another week?
UNK: But unlike me, Alvie didn't leave.
House : I took my motorcycle to work that day.
House : When I went home to get my car,
House : he was painting the ceiling magenta.
House : So I brought him with me to protect the apartment.
UNK: Why?
House : To protect the apartment.
House : Whoa, deja vu.
Nolan : Tossing him out, or sending him to the movies,
Nolan : or locking him in the bathroom
Nolan : would also minimize Alvie's destructive force.
Nolan : But you chose his company deliberately. Why?
House : Obviously, because he's a Wilson substitute.
House : You can barely tell the difference between them,
House : especially when Wilson raps about the 'hood.
Nolan : I'm not suggesting Alvie's a substitute,
Nolan : but he would make a great distraction.
House : From what?
Nolan : That's what I'm trying to find out.
Nolan : Go on.
Alvie : Maybe the heart rate monitor was a gift.
Alvie : That's why no one recognized her.
House : Shut up, Alvie.
House : Anything familiar? Church? Grocery store?
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: It's okay, Miss X.
Alvie : Maybe she's never been to this town before.