Foreman : Don't worry. Your mom will be just fine.
Cam : It'll make running the tests easier,
Cam : and it won't be dangerous for the baby if you are pregnant.
Ted : Let's go, Stella.
UNK: I want to go with Mommy.
UNK: We'll be just outside, okay? We gotta let the doctors get her better.
UNK: - All right? - It's okay, sweetie.
Stella : - Love you. - Love you.
Foreman : Your vitals will be watched closely.
UNK: I'm gonna close your lids so your eyes don't dry out.
Foreman : Just try to relax.
UNK: Wilson [enters.] : What the hell did you do? Were you just cold and lonely?
UNK: Of course he told you. He's an eight-year-old boy.
Wilson : Hey, you're the one who kissed him.
Stacy : Why are you so worked up over this?
Wilson : - Because you're married. - Not to you.
Stacy : This is none of your business.
Wilson : The last time you left, I was the one stuck picking up the pieces.
Stacy : Oh, right. He cried himself to sleep every night.
Stacy : That so sounds like him.
UNK: He's been pining for five years.
Stacy : You're being dramatic.
Wilson : No. Actually, I'm underplaying. This is me being restrained.
Stacy : - It was one kiss. - Are you being intentionally thick?
Wilson : This was not just a one-night stand.
Wilson : You can't toy with him.
UNK: Stacy [emphatically.] : I'm not.
UNK: Stacy [emphatically.] : He's probably toying with me. I don't know what I'm doing.
UNK: Wilson [shakes His Head.] : Oh, boy.
Cam : Welcome back to the world. You're off the vecuronium.
Foreman : Could you wiggle your toes for me?
Cam : The MRI was clear. Whatever this is, isn't in your brain.
UNK: MRI. So I'm not pregnant?
House : I'm sorry.
Margo : So what do we do next?
UNK: Well, it could be a variety of things, some treatable, others more serious.
Foreman : Open up.
UNK: I'm gonna run a genetic test for Huntington's.
Ted : - That one of the more serious ones? - Yeah.
Cam : It's also possible that this is just a symptom of the fertility treatments.
UNK: And now that we know you're not pregnant, we're gonna start you on tamoxifen
Cam : to counteract the estrogen.
Margo : Will that undo all the fertility treatments?
Foreman : For the time being, yeah. But it could cure you.
Cam : You can start trying again once we get you healthy.
Margo : Damn it!
UNK: The spasms are gonna get worse now that the vecuronium is wearing off.
UNK: Margo [looking At Stella, Demands Sharply.] : What are you so scared of?
UNK: Margo [looking At Stella, Demands Sharply.] : I'm still your mother. I'm just a little sick.
UNK: Margo [looking At Stella, Demands Sharply.] : Why did you even bring her here? I told you to leave her at home.
UNK: Hypervigilance, sudden irritability.
House : Symptomatic of lunch with Cuddy?
UNK: Foreman [impatiently.] : The patient now defines Huntington's.
House : Then what do you need me for? Start her on Huntington's meds.
Cam : Before we get her test results back?
Cam : We start her on valproic acid, it could destroy her liver.
Chase : - Could stroke. - If we wait,
House : she could progress to full-blown psychosis,
UNK: and then her kid will never get the chance to say goodbye.
House : Wanna tell the class how that feels?