House : While the surgeons are cutting out a chunk of your liver,
House : should I have them do a hysterectomy, too?
House : A hysterectomy?
Margo : I'm trying to get pregnant.
House : You don't have to lie to me. We're not married.
House : You're Supermom.
House : You can do anything.
House : You work seven days a week, you volunteer, you raise a kid.
House : Yet you still somehow find the time to lie to hubby number two
UNK: that you really, really wanna give him a child with his chin and pretty brown eyes.
Margo : What makes you think that I would...
House : Because it fits.
House : Birth control pills caused a hepatocellular adenoma.
House : Explains all your symptoms that aren't explained by your other lies.
Margo : That's it?
UNK: Also...
Margo : I'll have the tuna on rye.
Margo : Would you like to leave my room now?
UNK: Your tumor is benign.
UNK: House [tosses Paper Onto Her Tray.] : Stop taking the pill, and it will go away on its own.
House : I'm canceling the surgery.
UNK: Margo [looking At Stella, Demands Sharply.] : What are you gonna tell my husband?
House : That I'm canceling the surgery.
House : You can do the explaining.
House : It's tricky, huh?
House : It's one thing to say you can't have a baby.
House : It's another to say you don't want one.
House : Personally, I'd make up some other lie.
UNK: Could...
Margo : Could I die on the table?
House : Could you die if you tell him the truth?
UNK: I need this surgery.
Margo : I'm not on the pill.
Cuddy : You can't cancel the surgery.
House : If she goes off the pill, the tumor goes away on its own.
Cuddy : You have no proof the birth control pills caused this.
Cuddy : You have no proof she's even taking them.
House : If we do the surgery maybe we'll kill her on the table.
House : Then I can prove I'm right at the autopsy.
Cuddy : Or we can forget the surgery, let the tumor grow, and kill her.
House : Why don't you take it up with Stacy, see which option minimizes your risk?
UNK: Here's what I think she's gonna say, "Oh, I love Greg."
UNK: But if you go against the patient's wishes, you're calling her a liar.
UNK: And if something goes wrong, I end up in court
UNK: having to defend the big mean doctor, albeit with dreamy eyes,
UNK: who wouldn't believe the nice suburban mom.
UNK: "And even though his cane makes me melt, do the damn surgery."
UNK: Shocking.
House : It's benign.
Wilson : People do crazy things for love.
House : No, crazy is hanging out in the park all day talking to pigeons.
House : Margo knows what she's doing.
House : She gave up half her liver to save her marriage.
Wilson : No, she surgically removed her fingerprints to cover her pathetic lie.
House : It's twisted and manipulative. I get that. But it's also
UNK: romantic.
House : I'm barely willing to put the seat down after I pee.
Wilson : Do we need to talk?
House : Nope. I'm fine.
Foreman : So the surgeon got the whole tumor, and it was benign.
Ted : That's good, right?
Foreman : Yeah, benign is good.
Ted : How could a benign tumor have caused all the symptoms?
UNK: Foreman [exchanging A Glance With Margo.] : We believe all your wife's symptoms will go away now.
UNK: Oh, thank God.
Ted : Look, I'm gonna pick up Stella.
Ted : I'll call you after I get the babysitter.
Margo : Dr. Foreman,
Margo : you can help me.