Foreman : especially if you're not telling your fertility doctor.
Foreman : If you keep doing this, it's gonna kill your marriage and kill you.
Margo : You don't know.
Margo : In a few years,
Margo : we'll give up.
Margo : Stop trying to get pregnant.
UNK: We'll hug, cry.
Margo : Eventually Ted will stop thinking about it, and he'll appreciate Stella even more.
Margo : And we'll live happily together for the next 50 years.
House : Something you need to see.
House : Knowing is always better than not knowing.
Cam : It's a referral request.
UNK: Right.
UNK: The HIV thing came in earlier.
House : You're fine.
Cam : You won't read your mail, but you'll open mine?
UNK: It said "confidential", and I wanted to know.
Cam : The most important letter of my life, and you're still an ass.
House : Comforting, isn't it?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: I'm gonna talk to Mark tonight, and I'm gonna stay here with you.
House : Don't do it.
Stacy : This isn't funny, Greg.
UNK: House [tries Door, Then Knocks] : I know.
UNK: You
UNK: Stacy [smile Fades.] : spent all these months chasing me.
UNK: Stacy [smile Fades.] : Now I'm here and you start running? What the hell changed?
UNK: Nothing.
House : Nothing changes.
UNK: - I'm not gonna change. - Who asked you to?
House : Mark is willing to do whatever it takes.
UNK: Stacy [emphatically.] : I'm not.
House : Never was.
UNK: Now you're introspective? Weren't so analytical the other night.
House : You were happy with Mark. You'll be happy again.
Stacy : Shut up about Mark. What the hell is wrong with you?
UNK: House [loudly.] : - I can't make you happy! - What?
House : How do you think this is gonna end?
House : We'll be happy, for what? A few weeks? A few months?
House : And then I'll...
House : I'll say something insensitive or I'll
House : start ignoring you. And at first it'll be okay.
House : It's just House being House. And then,
House : at some point, you will need something more.
House : You'll need someone who can give you something I can't.
House : You know I'm right. I've been there before.
UNK: Oh.
Stacy : It doesn't have to be.
Stacy : It does.
UNK: I don't wanna go there again.
House : I'm sorry, Stacy.
UNK: $50 says they're divorced in a year.
UNK: Six months, tops.
Foreman : I'll take that bet. It's the perfect marriage.
Foreman : There's nothing to fight over if you never talk about anything.
Wilson : What did you tell her?
House : I told her she's better off without me.
Wilson : That's probably true.
House : You're an idiot.
Wilson : You don't think she'd be better off without you.
UNK: Right. I sent her off on a whim.
Wilson : You have no idea why you sent her off!
House : - Don't do this. - This was no great sacrifice!
Wilson : You sent her away because you've got to be miserable!
UNK: This kind of psycho-crap help get your patients through the long nights?
UNK: House [turning On Him.] : Or is it just for you?
UNK: House [turning On Him.] : Tough love make you feel good? Helping people feel their pain?
Wilson : You don't like yourself.
Wilson : But you do admire yourself.
Wilson : It's all you've got, so you cling to it.
Wilson : You're so afraid if you change, you'll lose what makes you special.
Wilson : Being miserable doesn't make you better than anybody else, House.
Wilson : It just makes you miserable.