Cuddy : He's actually on time.
Wilson : He's six minutes early.
Cuddy : - Something's happened. - I'm on it.
UNK: Good morning, Jimmy.
House : Anybody die while I was gone?
Wilson : Did you iron your shirt?
UNK: I thought about shaving. Couldn't find a razor.
Wilson : What the hell happened in Baltimore?
House : Sorry, chief. Never kiss and tell.
Wilson : I think you just did.
Wilson : There's no such thing as "just a kiss".
Wilson : Did you iron your shirt? Everybody's flash today.
Wilson : Has she left Mark? Is she going to?
UNK: House [pointing Down Hall Towards What Must Be Oncology.] : I think I can hear cancer kids calling.
Wilson : Are you planning on asking her to leave Mark?
House : Not sure. Cameron keeps my calendar.
Wilson : Hey. This is a big deal. This is an affair.
Wilson : Have you even talked to Stacy about what the hell this means?
House : Didn't have a lot of time for talking, if you know what I mean.
Wilson : Great. Breaking up a marriage. Fertile ground for high comedy.
Wilson : We need to talk about this.
UNK: Gosh, wish I could. How did the HIV test go? You study up?
Cam : I rescheduled for this afternoon. We have a new patient.
UNK: Thirty-four-year-old female, movement disorder.
House : Movement disorder? Fascinating.
Wilson : This isn't just gonna go away.
House : No. But maybe you will.
Foreman : Probably suffered head trauma in the car accident.
Foreman : Trauma leads to the dyskinesia.
Cam : According to her husband,
Cam : the flailing started before she got anywhere near that car.
House : What does the flailing look like?
Chase : Her arms spasm uncontrollably and there's a mild facial twitch.
UNK: Demonstration?
UNK: Foreman [impatiently.] : You wanna know what it looks like, go see the patient.
UNK: Oh, snarky. Was he like this the whole time I was gone?
UNK: The patient's been on a fertility regimen for the last 13 months.
Cam : Excess estrogen in the system could explain...
UNK: House [holding Up An Empty Box.] : Who finished the animal crackers?
Foreman : Sudden movement disorder could be a symptom of Huntington's.
UNK: House [sarcastic Motherly Voice.] : If you finish something, don't just put back the empty box, throw it out.
UNK: Huntington's takes a day to confirm.
Cam : We should put her on tamoxifen in case it is the fertility meds,
Cam : counteract the estrogen.
UNK: That's a great idea if you wanna kill her baby.
House : Movement disorder can present in the first trimester.
Foreman : She's not pregnant.
House : Peeing on a stick is only 99% accurate. Get a real pregnancy test.
House : You know, the one with the blood and the hormones and the rabbit.
House : Oh, I'm sorry, it's still your limo.
UNK: What do you say, Miss Daisy?
Foreman : Whatever you want.
House : Lame duck's done quacking.
Foreman : You quack, people shoot at you.
Foreman : Cuddy just put me here to make you miserable.
Foreman : Another two days, you can go back to making yourself miserable.
House : Okay, get an MRI. See if it's in her head or in her uterus.
House : You're gonna want to paralyze her.
House : You run tests on a flailer, somebody's gonna lose an eye.
UNK: Sorry. You think I'm pregnant?
Cam : We need to find out for sure.
Ted : Would all this go away once she delivered?
Foreman : It could also be neurological. We need to get an MRI.
Ted : Can she do that if she's pregnant?
Cam : The risk to the fetus is extremely low.
Mom : But there is a risk.
Mom : I don't think we should do it until we're sure.
Mom : Ted, I think you should take Stella home.
UNK: I wanna stay here. We should be with you.
Foreman : You should take her out of the room.
UNK: We're gonna temporarily stop Margo's spasms.
Ted : - You can do that? - Vecuronium.
Foreman : It's a paralytic. Essentially cuts off the brain from the muscles.