Chase : Huntington's patients don't progress to psychosis in a day.
UNK: She went from zero to 60 in world record time.
Chase : Indicating it might be something other than Huntington's.
Foreman : We got a problem.
Margo : Stay away from me! Where's my daughter?
Ted : - What's happening? - She's having a psychotic break.
UNK: No! She is not yours! What do you want with her?
Cam : - Calm down! - Honey.
UNK: Margo, you're gonna hurt someone.
UNK: No.
UNK: Push two milligrams of Ativan.
UNK: Margo [struggling, Yelling : I want my daughter!
UNK: Margo [struggling, Yelling : She's not yours! I want my daughter! No more experiments!
UNK: No!
Cam : How can her Huntington's test be negative?
Foreman : All the signs are there. Movement disorder, psychosis.
Foreman : It should be Huntington's.
UNK: Yeah. It would certainly make your job easier.
House : Well, good news for Margo, it's not Huntington's. Bad news for us,
UNK: her psychotic break eliminates fertility meds.
House : Which means we have no idea what's wrong with her.
House : We give you so much, and you give us so little.
UNK: You know, the patient is prime age to develop spontaneous schizophrenia.
Cam : Almost impossible. No family history of mental illness.
Chase : How about toxins?
Cam : None of her family members are sick. Nobody at her office, her volunteer group,
Cam : kid's classes, and PTA members, all fine.
House : So she raises a daughter, runs a business, she does charity work,
House : she volunteers at school, attends PTA.
House : What makes Mommy run?
Chase : - You're thinking drugs? - Cocaine.
House : Explains the psychosis and the flailing.
House : And the uncanny ability to bring home the bacon, fry it up in a pan,
House : and never ever let Teddy forget that he's a man.
Cam : - I'll go look for her stash. - Take Foreman.
House : There's gotta be a reason for the stereotype.
UNK: House [tries Door, Then Knocks] : I know you're in there.
UNK: House [tries Door, Then Knocks] : I can hear you caring.
House : The door was locked.
UNK: It means I didn't wanna see anyone.
UNK: House [eyebrows Raised.] : High school reunion?
Wilson : It's for a patient. She can't roll.
UNK: Hey, I locked that door, too.
UNK: Paranoia. Must be the good stuff.
House : Times like these, I wish I had cancer.
House : So what did she say?
UNK: It depends. What did you do, and who are we talking about?
House : We both know that as soon as we talked, you ran to Stacy
House : so you could gossip and giggle.
House : I need to know what she said.
UNK: I have a crazy idea. Why don't you go talk to her?
House : Because my bestest buddy says that could lead to trouble.