UNK: House [sighs.] : Do a biopsy.
Foreman : We can't. It's vascular.
UNK: House.
Daughter : - What? - I'm here about Stacy.
House : What about her?
Mark : I think I'm losing her.
House : Your wife, your problem.
Mark : She won't talk to me.
UNK: So what? You gonna talk to me instead? Talk to your shrink.
Mark : She keeps saying everything's fine.
UNK: Find a bar. Talk to a stranger.
Mark : You're the only one who's been through this.
Mark : I'm shutting her out.
Mark : I'm saying things and then hating myself for saying them.
Mark : - How did you get past that? - Didn't.
Mark : Can you please be a human being for one minute and talk to me?
UNK: Sorry. Gotta go. People dying.
Mark : You're not gonna outrun me.
UNK: House!
House : You're not ready for this.
Mark : I've seen the way you and Stacy talk to each other.
House : You're an idiot.
House : You probably just set your rehab back three months.
UNK: Let go. Get off of me!
House : Liver tumor doesn't make sense.
Foreman : You saying the CT was wrong?
House : I'm saying the symptoms don't add up. A plus B does not equal liver tumor.
House : We gotta solve for X.
House : We gotta look at this differently.
House : What do we know about her?
Foreman : The side effects of the Ritalin caused the...
House : No. We've examined the file up and down. Come on, give me that.
House : Why do you people always overlook the human element?
House : What do we know about her? Margo...
UNK: Dalton. The woman.
UNK: She's a people-pleaser. She doesn't like to let people down.
House : Never fights with her husband.
UNK: She turned to drugs instead of asking for help to manage her life.
House : So if she can't manage now,
House : why does she want another kid?
UNK: Foreman, I need your help here.
UNK: You wanna pull a bank job, would you go it alone?
UNK: If you gonna rob a home, sure, that's a one or two man crew.
UNK: But a bank, you need a lookout, a getaway driver.
Foreman : I'm not saying anything until the metaphor plays itself out.
House : So here's the caper.
Cam : Fertility meds create a distraction.
UNK: Mommy had three refills on Ritalin in the last three weeks.
House : That team goes straight for the top floor.
UNK: No trouble taking out communications, but they need the specialist, a safecracker.
House : All he does is stroke, blood clot, liver tumor.
House : Foreman was right. This badass even does flailing.
Friends : Come on.
UNK: There's only one guy I know who does that kind of work.
Cameron : Birth control pills?