Gates : anything on that?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Just that the victim purchased it a year and a half ago
Beckett : and paid cash for the full amount.
Castle : Yeah, the real estate agent was surprised anyone bought it,
Castle : been on the market for quite a while.
Ryan : Just got off the phone with Sam Siegel's office.
Ryan : Apparently, he didn't leave Atlantic City alone last night.
Esposito : There was no indication of a passenger in his car.
UNK: Not a passenger, a driver.
UNK: Around 6 : 30, one of Sam's regular drivers, Ralph Marino,
UNK: picked him up in front of the casino and drove him to New York City.
UNK: And where is he no No one knows.w?
Ryan : He didn't show up for work today.
Castle : Which means he's either floating in the Hudson...
Beckett : Or he's involved.
Gates : Well, what do we know about Mr. Marino?
Ryan : Well, he's no boy scout, that's for sure.
Ryan : Background check shows felony racketeering and assault charges.
Gates : Put out an all points on Ralph Marino,
Gates : I'll have our brethren in Atlantic City do the same.
Gates : You boys head down to Atlantic City to Siegel's casino,
Gates : talk to Marino's friends and co-workers,
Gates : and see if any of them can shine some light on his whereabouts.
Gates : Meanwhile, Beckett, you run point from here.
Gates : Get unis canvassing for Marino
Gates : and figure out why in the hell Siegel was so desperate
UNK: to get control over that property in Queens.
Beckett : Yes, sir. Come on, Castle.
Castle : Oh, Captain Gates said the boys are going to Atlantic City.
Beckett : Yeah, I don't think she meant you.
UNK: Actually, that's my call.
Gates : You're with them.
Gates : Besides, Detective, I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do without him.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
ESPOSITO : What are you doing?
CASTLE : What's it look like?
UNK: Do you think I was going to pass up a road trip
Castle : to the Boardwalk Empire,
Castle : the East Coast epicenter of dancing, gambling, showgirls and sin?
Ryan : You do realize we're going there to investigate a murder, don't you?
UNK: Gentlemen, if I've learned one thing,
Castle : it's to not let a little thing like murder
Castle : get in the way of having a good time.
UNK: And also, shotgun.
Castle : Hey, Alexis, I hope you're not answering
Castle : because you are busy planning your girls' night.
Castle : Anyway, I'm going out of town on a case,
Castle : and we may just be spending the night.
Castle : So I'll call and I'll check on you. Love you. Bye.
UNK: Come on, Castle. We are not spending the night.
Castle : How can you say that?
Castle : And maybe Ralph Marino will be very difficult to find,
Castle : and I think we should start looking at the craps tables.
Ryan : I'm starting to understand why you ditched Beckett.
Ryan : And for the record, the one guy in this car
UNK: who's not a real c op is not allowed to call shotgun.
Castle : Called it fair and square.
Esposito : Maybe Castle's right. Since we're gonna be there,
Esposito : we might as well consider the Sapphire
Esposito : as a potential bachelor party venue.
Castle : I'm so happy you said that,
Castle : because there are a number of establishments down there
Castle : that cater to bachelor party events.
Castle : I think maybe we should take a little sampling.
Ryan : No, no, no. We are not sampling any clubs.
UNK: What?
UNK: Come on, bro. Why are you stalling us on this?
Ryan : Look, Javier,
Ryan : I got some bad news.
Ryan : I had to ask Jenny's half-brother, Nelson, to be my best man.
UNK: Nelson?
Esposito : That guy I met at your birthday party?
UNK: Sixteen, with braces?
Esposito : Couldn't stop talking about being a mathlete?
Ryan : It was a family thing. I didn't have a choice.
Esposito : Yeah, you did.
UNK: No, actually, when it comes to weddings,
Castle : you don't. CHUCKLING Trust me.
Castle : You do not want to start a marriage with a family feud.
Esposito : This sucks.
Castle : I know.
UNK: And I was gonna give you an awesome send-off, bro.
UNK: SIGHS I know.
Castle : Well, boys, I'm sorry.
Castle : Sorry it had to come to this.
Castle : I didn't want it to, but it looks like we have no choice.
Castle : There is no other way.
UNK: IBPWOC.
Castle : Impromptu Bachelor Party While On Case.
CASTLE : Ah! Smell that?
Castle : That is the smell of hopes, dreams and endless opportunities.
Ryan : Not to be confused with cigarette smoke, day drinking and desperation.
Castle : Well, that's the great thing about casinos.
Castle : No clocks, no windows and no judgments.
Esposito : How you doin'?
Castle : Maybe we should stay the night.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Detective Ryan, NYPD.
UNK: We're here to investigate Mr. Siegel's death.
WOMAN : The concierge is right over there.
UNK: Nadine...
UNK: Gentlemen, welcome to the Sapphire.
UNK: Nadine Espinoza : I'm Nadine, the personal concierge.
UNK: Nadine Espinoza : We're all devastated to learn about Sam.
Esposito : We're supposed to meet Sam's business partner, Charlie Turner.
Esposito : We need to talk to him about one of your employees.
Nadine : He asked me to escort you to his table. Follow me.
Nadine : And if you have any other questions about the hotel,
Nadine : don't hesitate to ask.
Castle : Actually, now that you mention it, I'm curious.
Castle : Who's playing on the main stage?
Castle : Just in case we have time to squeeze in a show.
UNK: NADINE LAUGHS
Nadine : We're hosting an Elvis impersonators' convention this weekend,
Nadine : so we're only featuring Carrot Top.
Castle : Carrot Top! I haven't seen him perform since his crazy makeover.
Castle : It'll be like a new show.
UNK: Well?
Beckett : No luck so far on Marino.
Beckett : ACPD said that he's not at his apartment,
Beckett : nothing turned up on the canvass.