Amber : The only thing that seemed odd
Amber : was that Nadine called that morning to confirm the appointment.
UNK: Nadine, the personal concierge?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : And why was that unusual?
UNK: Mr. Siegel's assistant usually books the appointment.
Amber : This was the first time Nadine ever called.
Gates : Wait a minute, did you say her name was Nadine Espinoza?
Ryan : Yeah, the concierge. That name mean anything to you?
Gates : Uh, Espinoza is the last name
Gates : of one of the tenants in Sam's building in Queens.
Gates : Teresa and Juan.
Gates : They run the bodeg a on the ground floor,
Gates : and they have a daught er named Nadine.
Beckett : That's our connection.
Gates : Ryan, bring her in.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Esposito : Nadine's supervisor said she left her office10 minutes ago,
Esposito : claimed she needed to go home sick.
Ryan : There's a chance we can catch her outside.
Esposito : Let's go.
Esposito : There she is.
UNK: TIRES SCREECH
UNK: SCREAMING No! No! Hey!
UNK: Help! Help!
Beckett : Hey! Hey!
Castle : We're not going to be seeing Carrot Top tonight, are we?
UNK: Yeah. So, honey,
Castle : it turns out I am going to be stuck here for the rest of the night.
Alexis : Well, is everything all right? DOORBELL BUZZING
UNK: Yeah, yeah, just the case just got a little complicated.
UNK: But I want you to have a great time tonight with your girlfriends.
Alexis : I will, if you promise to be safe.
Castle : Deal. Love you.
Alexis : Love you, too.
Alexis : Hey, Jules. Come on in.
Jules : I've got my fave "get over a breakup" snack.
UNK: And a kick-ass chick flick. Bridesmaids, of course.
UNK: Okay.
Alexis : The girls are on their way.
Alexis : And it turns out my dad's out of town,
Alexis : so we have the whole place to ourselves.
UNK: Cool.
Esposito : By the way, Mena said her boyfriend
UNK: might swing by and drop off her jacket.
Alexis : Isn't he friends with Bria from homeroom?
UNK: Hot as hell Brian? Yeah.
Jules : I think they're doing a bros' night at the movies.
Alexis : Maybe we can invite them over, too. All watch a movie here.
UNK: Brian? Yeah.
Jules : He's like a total jock. Completely the opposite of your type.
Castle : I know. He's so not Ashley.
UNK: I'll text Mena.
Esposito : So Beckett says plates on the SUV came back as stolen.
Castle : Most likely the same SUV that was spotted
Castle : coming out of that abandoned warehouse where Sam was killed.
UNK: If it's the same car, why would they want Nadine?
Castle : Because whatever this is, Nadine is knee-deep in it.
UNK: Try neck-deep.
UNK: ACPD let me check into that laptop in Nadine's workbag.
UNK: I checked her browser history.
UNK: Guess who paid a visit to the New Reserve Bank website
UNK: yesterday at 9 : 47 a.m.?
Esposito : Nadine's our thief?
RYAN : Yep. Our concierge pulled quite a score.
Ryan : She logged in with Sam's account information and transferred the 10 mil.
Castle : So whoever took her is after the money.
Castle : They tried to get it from Sam,
Castle : when that didn't work, they killed him.
Castle : And now they've gone for Nadine.
Ryan : Okay, but we still don't know who they are.
Castle : There's only one person who makes any sense.
Castle : The guy whose money it is.
Charlie : Why would I kidnap my own concierge?
Castle : Because you found out she was the one who stole your money.
Charlie : Nadine stole my money?
Ryan : You can stop the theatrics. We know you know.
UNK: Daniel Sullivan : Mr. Turner, your casino maintains
Esposito : a fleet of black SUVs to shuttle around your high-rollers.
Charlie : All the casinos do. It doesn't prove anything.
Esposito : Well, then you won't mind if we inspect them,
Esposito : just to make sure they're all accounted for.
Charlie : We're done here.
Ryan : Excuse me?
Charlie : You people are here from another state.
Charlie : You have no jurisdiction, and you have no warrant,
Charlie : and I believe I've tolerated your presence long enough.
Charlie : Get out of my casino.
Castle : Are you kidding?
Charlie : Do I look like I'm kidding? I want you to leave, now.
Castle : Can he do that?
Beckett : What? How did you guys get kicked out?
UNK: Turns out Charlie's version of "full cooperation" isn't all that full.
Esposito : The only reason he kicked us out is because he's behind the whole thing.
Beckett : Yeah, but kidnap somebody right in front of his casino,
Beckett : that's a bit bold.
Beckett : If he knew it was her, why would he wait?
Beckett : Why didn't he just grab her in the casino while she was on shift?
Castle : Yeah, I mean,
Castle : he did seem genuinely surprised
Castle : when we told him it was Nadine.
Castle : Maybe he didn't know.
Esposito : Yeah, but he's the only one with motive.
CASTLE : No, not necessarily.
Castle : What if someone else knew what Nadine did and wanted the money?
Esposito : How would they find out?
Beckett : Maybe Nadine told them.
Lanie : I mean, that would explain the phone records.
Ryan : How so?