Castle : fills him with an impending sense of doom.
UNK: LAUGHING Wait, that's me.
UNK: MAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
Castle : Nav system?
UNK: Yeah, and it looks like Siegel made a stop just before he got here.
Beckett : 537 West End Avenue.
CASTLE : Looks like Sam 's got a friend here in Manhattan.
UNK: Sam Siegel, 46 years old.
Esposito : Got his start in real estate development, then he went on
Esposito : to launch the Sapphire Coast Resort and Casino in 1999.
Castle : You don't come to be a casino owner without making enemies.
Castle : Look at Moe Greene in The Godfather.
ESPOSITO : And this guy seems to be a stand-up citizen.
Esposito : He has a foundation that gives money to charitie and public schools.
Castle : All right, check with the staff at the casino,
UNK: see if he had any meetings here in Manhattan.
Beckett : And find out what time he left Atlantic City.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You know, if someone asked to meet me
Castle : at an abandoned warehouse in the dead of night, I'd pass.
Castle : I've written that scene enough times to know how it ends.
Ryan : Hey, that address that was on Siegel's GPS,
Ryan : turns out it's a building where his ex-wife, Rebecca, lives.
Beckett : How long have they been divorced?
UNK: About six months.
Castle : Recent enough for there to still be hard feelings.
UNK: Mmm. Well, according to the neighbors, very hard feelings.
UNK: There was a report of a loud argument last night,
UNK: and neighbors said they saw Siegel
UNK: leaving her place just after 8 : 30.
Castle : That's just before he was killed.
UNK: Rebecca Siegal : Yeah, we argued, but I didn't kill him.
CASTLE : Was it normal for him to come and see you after the divorce?
UNK: No.
Rebecca : In fact, I hadn't seen him in months.
Rebecca : We don't really get along anymore.
Beckett : What were the two of you fighting about?
UNK: Ms. Siegel?
Rebecca : He said he was in trouble.
Beckett : What kind of trouble He wouldn't say?
Rebecca : But he wanted me to sign over
Rebecca : an investment property that was still in both of our names.
Rebecca : A building here in Queens. Just a store and some apartments.
Rebecca : I don't know why, but he was very worked up about it.
Rebecca : He offered me $1.5 million for my share,
Rebecca : which is as much as the whole place was worth.
Rebecca : He said his life depended on it.
Castle : So this building,
Castle : he offered you full price of $1.5 million instead of half,
Castle : and you still said no?
Rebecca : I didn't know. I thought he was working an angle.