UNK: SIGHS
Daniel : Something about the money made Sam panic.
Castle : What do you mean?
Daniel : When I called Sam to give him instructions about the deed,
Daniel : he told me I stole the wrong person's money.
Daniel : And he told me when they found out, we'd all be dead.
Castle : Who was he talking about?
Castle : I don't know.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Esposito : Oh, hey, guys.
Esposito : We were just leaving.
Ryan : This isn't the ballroom.
UNK: MUSIC PLAYING
Alexis : Let me guess. Facebook?
UNK: Twitter. You might want to just leave this open, by the way.
UNK: There's like a whole bunch of people
UNK: lining up for the elevator downstairs.
UNK: Twitter?
UNK: EXCLAIMING
UNK: GIRLS WHOOPING
UNK: THUDDING
Alexis : Jules, this is a disaster.
Jules : Chill. It's just a party. Have some fun for once.
Alexis : Fun? I don't even know half these people!
Jules : Well, what about, um...
UNK: Brian?
Alexis : He has the IQ of a squirrel!
Alexis : Oh, God. My dad's gonna kill me.
Jules : Please, you have the coolest dad ever.
Jules : If he were to walk in right now, I bet he wouldn't care.
Alexis : You're right. He probably wouldn't care.
UNK: Problem is, I do.
UNK: MUSIC STOPS
UNK: KIDS GROANING
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Everybody, listen up.
Alexis : The party is over.
Alexis : Thanks for coming. Thanks for spilling.
Alexis : Thanks for telling every teenager with a pulse.
Alexis : Now everybody, out!
Esposito : Really? Really?
Esposito : If it wasn't illegal, I'd kick your ass.
Ryan : Wonder where they took Castle?
CHARLIE : You were told what would happen if you came back here.
Charlie : Now I'm not stupid enough to beat on cops.
Charlie : But you, on the other hand, are a different story.
Charlie : I want my money, Mr. Castle,
Charlie : so you better tell me everything you know.
Castle : I know it's not your money.
Charlie : Would you excuse us?
Charlie : Who told you?
Castle : No one told me. I put the pieces together.
Castle : Sam's murder, Nadine's kidnapping,
Castle : none of it makes any sense if it was your money.
UNK: You know what I think?
Castle : I think the money Nadine stole from you
Castle : actually belonged to someone else,
Castle : otherwise you wouldn't be so desperate.
Castle : So tell me, Charlie, what happened?
Beckett : You and Sam take out a loan
Castle : from an institution that doesn't offer flexible payment plans?
Castle : You borrowed money from the mob,
Castle : that's why you didn't want us sniffing around here.
Castle : What I can't figure out is how could you be so stupid?
Charlie : The banks weren't lending.
Charlie : We needed a cash infusion or else we would've had to fold.
UNK: And now the money's gone.
Charlie : You have any idea how bad it is to default on a loan from the mob?