UNK: Ballistics is checking your nine.
Beckett : You better hope it's not a match.
UNK: SIGHS
Gates : What do you think?
Beckett : I think he's not stupid enough to kill Sam
Beckett : knowing it'll just point right back at him.
Beckett : So Sam drove up to New York
Beckett : to secure the property in Queens from his ex-wife.
Beckett : And then went to the docks to meet with someone.
Gates : Sounds like someone was expecting the property,
Gates : and when Sam couldn't deliver, they killed him.
Beckett : Why? What's so special about that property?
Castle : Ladies, thank you so much. You have no idea.
Castle : These will not go to waste. Thank you.
Esposito : All right, all right.
Castle : It was not easy, but I did it.
Castle : I managed to get three front row seats
Castle : to the burlesque show at the Borgata,
Castle : also reservations at a premium table
Castle : at the X Club, with bottle service.
UNK: Sweet.
UNK: What did you guys come up with?
Ryan : Sam's assistant didn't know anything about the property in Queens,
Ryan : but she did remember something odd about yesterday.
Esposito : Apparently, Sam followed his usual morning routine.
Esposito : He had a massa ge in the hotel,
UNK: then a meeting with his casino manager.
Esposito : Then after lunch, he came back with a bloody lip.
Castle : How'd he get it?
Ryan : Well, Sam was evasive,
Ryan : but his assistant said it looked like someone hit him.
Castle : So Sam gets punched, and soon after,
Castle : he rushes off to New York, frantically trying to get that property.
Esposito : Then he's shot dead.
Castle : Well, it's gotta be connected.
Ryan : Problem is, we don't know who threw that punch.
Castle : I think I know how we can find out.
DANIEL : You said yesterday at 2 : 00 p.m.?
RYAN : Yeah, that's correct.
UNK: TAPPING ON KEYBOARD
Daniel : It'll take a second for facial recognition
UNK: to pick out Mr. Siegel in all the footage.
Castle : Do you keep former guests in the system?
DANIEL : Sure do.
Daniel : That's how we flag gamblers with priors.
Castle : What about me?
Daniel : Let's see, Richard Castle.
UNK: "Resident, New York City.
UNK: "Disorderly conduct, resisting arrest in 2003."
UNK: And, wow! Apparently the last time you were at the Sapphire,
UNK: you accidentally set a mattress on fire,
Daniel : and the drapes were covered in jam.
UNK: CHUCKLES KNOWINGLY
Castle : That was a fun night.
UNK: Check. BEEPING
Daniel : Here he is.
Daniel : That's Mr. Siegel leaving the elevator at 2 : 00 p.m.
UNK: He already has a bloody lip. Can you back that up to earlier?
Beckett : Sir, am I interrupting?
Gates : Just running background on the tenants in the Queens building.
UNK: I think I might know why someone wanted Sam dead.
Beckett : According to his bank, Sam wired over $10 million
Beckett : out of the Sapphire's business account yesterday, wiping it clean.
Beckett : $10 million? Where did he transfer it to?
Beckett : To an offshore account in the Caymans.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Daniel : So here he is parting ways with the pit boss at one of the tables.
UNK: TAPS ON KEYBOARD
Ryan : No bloody lip yet. Let it play, please.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Wow. Is there another angle on that?
UNK: TAPPING ON KEYBOARD
RYAN : SCOFFS That's Charlie Turner, Sam's business partner.
Ryan : Why would Charlie attack Sam?
ESPOSITO : I think I know.
Esposito : That was Beckett.
UNK: Sam Siegel's been embezzling from the casino.
Esposito : He's ripped them o ff for millions.
Ryan : Looks like Sam was trying to beat the house...
Castle : ...and Charlie laid down the law.
ESPOSITO : Something you forgot to tell us, Charlie?
Charlie : Business partners have disputes.
Charlie : Doesn't mean anything.
Ryan : What was it about?
Charlie : The thread count on the new sheets.
UNK: Not the $10-plus million that Sam stole from the casino?
Castle : You knew he was embezzling.
Charlie : Okay, I knew. So?
Ryan : So, it's 10 million motives for murder.
Charlie : You know, you may have noticed we have a few cameras here at the casino.
Charlie : Take a look.
Charlie : I was here, not in New York killing my partner.
UNK: Really?
UNK: 'Cause that right hook kind of looks like a warning to me.
UNK: SIGHS Yeah, you know, this town,
Charlie : if you're not careful, it corrupts your soul.
Charlie : Sam and I were partners 20 years,
Charlie : and still he thinks it's oka to steal from me?
Charlie : When I saw he transferred the $10 million out,
Charlie : I found him on the casino floor.
Charlie : And he denied even knowing about it, can you believe it?
Charlie : So I punched him, and I told him,
Charlie : friend or no friend, he better have that money
Charlie : back in my account, or he'd never walk again.
UNK: So I must've scared him because I get a call a few hours later,
UNK: he said that he'd have the money back in my account today.
Charlie : And now it's today,