UNK: Jason Fenn : The park is too dangerous to work at night.
UNK: Jason Fenn : And his last mission should've ended hours earlier.
Castle : What was his last mission?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : Farraday? Yeah, I was his handler.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : His last mission that day was the bus locker drop.
UNK: I checked it at 10 : 00, it was empty. So we know he picked up the pen.
Castle : - The one with the recording? - Yeah.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : His next activity was the cafe meet yesterday.
Beckett : So where did he go between 10 : 00 and midnight?
Castle : And how did he end up in the park with 5,000 Euros in his car?
UNK: Jason Fenn : Wasn't his last drop an accomplice mission?
UNK: Jason Fenn : An accomplice mission?
UNK: Liz Fenn : Well, sometimes we have players do tasks together,
UNK: Liz Fenn : not knowing if the other is friend or foe.
UNK: Jason Fenn : He was paired with Designate 145, French intelligence.
UNK: Liz Fenn : Andrea Fisher. If she was with him, maybe she knows where he went next.
Beckett : Recognize her?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Oh, God. You both must think I'm so stupid,
UNK: Andrea Fisher : - the way that I acted in the cafe. - All part of the game.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : It's a vacation from yourself. That's what they say.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : I mean, don't get me wrong. You know, I love my husband
UNK: Andrea Fisher : and my kids, but every time I go away, I'm still a mom and a wife.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : My husband said, "If you can pay for it, you can go."
UNK: Andrea Fisher : So, it took a lot of coupon clipping, but I got to be a spy.
Beckett : Our victim, how well did you know him?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : We had a couple of tasks together, but we were always playing roles.
Beckett : You were with Mr. Farraday when he did the bus station drop?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, we cracked the code, and we went to get our packages.
Beckett : - Do you know where he went next? - To deliver the briefcase.
Castle : Briefcase? What briefcase?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : It was in the locker. I didn't get one, so I assumed it was a bonus mission.
Beckett : Do you know what was in the briefcase?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : I don't know. You have to ask them.
Beckett : That was Jason from Spy Ventures.
Beckett : The only thing that was supposed to be in that locker was a pen set,
Beckett : which he put in there himself.
Beckett : He has no idea where that briefcase came from.