Beckett : Fastwater Global Services.
Castle : Do they know they rented their car to a company that doesn't exist?
Esposito : Oh, no, it exists. Just not in New York.
Esposito : All correspondence, billing, and payments
Esposito : go through a PO box in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : Gets even weirder. In the trunk, we found these.
Beckett : - Euros. - Five thousand of them, and...
Beckett : - That looks military. Yeah.
Castle : What's in the box?
Ryan : A fancy pen. Nice.
UNK: A bag full of Euros, a high-tech heater and a silent killer who leaves no trace.
UNK: Ow!
Beckett : Now we know why our victim doesn't exist. He's a spy.
Beckett : We contacted the CIA, the FBI, the NSA, and Homeland Security,
Beckett : and so far, all of them are denying that he was one of theirs.
Castle : Of course they're gonna deny it.
Castle : He was probably disavowed the moment he was killed,
Castle : making this officially the coolest case ever.
Beckett : So what do you want us to do, sir?
Montgomery : Your job. Till someone more important tells us different,
Montgomery : treat this like a standard homicide case.
UNK: You go to the cafe. If this contact of his is an ally,
Montgomery : they may be willing to talk.
Castle : How are we gonna identify the contact?
Beckett : Same way our victim was going to.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: Her? - She's the only one here alone.
Castle : Aren't you Steve's friend?
Castle : Aren't you Steve's friend?
UNK: Steve? No, no, I'm sorry. I don't know Steve.
Castle : Are you sure?
Castle : So he's not your brother?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : - Go away. - Okay.
UNK: - Wasn't her. - Yeah, I gathered.
Beckett : - This all feel a little odd to you? - What?
Beckett : The old cloak-and-dagger, secret meetings, code words.
Beckett : All feels a little old-fashioned.
Beckett : I mean, why meet face-to-face
Beckett : when you can just send an encrypted e-mail?
Castle : Sometimes, you just have to do things off the grid.
Castle : Speaking of off the grid, I was serious about this weekend.
Beckett : You're seriously asking me to your place in the Hamptons?
Castle : I promise, no funny stuff. Just a friendly getaway.
Castle : It'd be fun.
Beckett : Yeah... No.