Foreman : the chance to work for a guy who gives a crap what people think. Why didn't you just tell him yes?
UNK: I made a commitment here. Right.
Cameron : House would let you out of it in a heartbeat. Or he wouldn't, just to jerk me around.
Foreman : Would you guys have taken the job?
UNK: Don't need the money. We're not like you. I don't hate House.
Foreman : You guys really don't have a problem with him, with what he did?
Chase : He knows we disagree with his choice.
Foreman : Choice? Chase, it's not apples and oranges. It's right and wrong.
Foreman : And he does it like he doesn't care. He assaults the guy...
Foreman : and moves on to the next differential diagnosis like it's nothing.
Cameron : What do you want from him? Hand-wringing? Torment?
Cameron : You want him to cry himself to sleep at night? Yeah!
Foreman : Yeah, I want some clue that he knows it's a big deal. That it scares him, that it matters.
Chase : Whoa, whoa. What's that?
Cameron : It was a stroke.
UNK: Well done, Cameron. - House called it. The arm and legs are unrelated.
UNK: Oh, you make enough calls, one of them is bound to be right.
Chase : Yeah. He's just a lucky, lucky guy.
Foreman : Listen, listen. I just think it wouldn't hurt him to learn a little humility.
House : So what's the verdict?
Cameron : Embolus. The arm problem was caused by a clot.
Chase : There's a good chance we can bust the clot with T.P.A.
House : Do it. See what happens to his arm.
Foreman : We found a blood clot in your brain.
Foreman : We'd like to start you on heparin. It's a blood thinner.
UNK: What are the side effects? - Well, your lungs are kind of chewed up from the pneumonia.
Foreman : - Good chance there'll be an effusion. - Bleeding?
UNK: Into his lungs. It's our best chance to give you back the use of your arm.
John : I don't need my arm without my air.
Foreman : - The damage would likely be minimal. - No.
Hamilton : It's his call.
Foreman : Or we could do an embolectomy.
UNK: Basically, we go in and pull the clot out.
Cora : He's saying no to drugs, and you're recommending brain surgery?
UNK: Bypasses the risk to the lungs.
Foreman : - It'll either help your arm, or... - Or it'll kill me.
Foreman : From your point of view, it's a win-win.
UNK: Okay.
Foreman : We'll set up the procedure for today.
Chase : We're in your carotid artery.
UNK: This is gonna take us all the way up into your brain.
Cameron : You all right?
UNK: Yes.
Cameron : The sludge is blocking the blood flow to the part of the brain that controls your arm.
Cameron : All done. You still okay?
John : I think so.
Foreman : I don't know. I guess...
Foreman : it's just with Dr. Hamilton here, I-I noticed a difference in styles.
UNK: His style involves humility?
UNK: Another difference in our styles...
UNK: I don't care much for apologies. You can go.
Foreman : I didn't know you were standing there when I said that, okay?
Foreman : It was completely rude. Do you mean genuine humility,
House : you know, with all the self-doubt and the self-questioning,
House : or Hamilton's polite, patronizing, "Aw, shucks" humility?
Foreman : You're both excellent doctors. Thank you.
House : And humility is an important quality, especially if you're wrong a lot.
Foreman : You've been wrong every step of the way.
House : 'Course, when you're right, self-doubt doesn't help anybody, does it?
House : We gotta go.
Hamilton : Congratulations, Greg.
UNK: Congratulations. Why, Marty?
Cora : John woke up. He can use his arm.
House : Thank you.
Hamilton : Now, look, I know we've had our differences,
Hamilton : but I think when a person does something well, it ought to be recognized.
House : The phone works.
House : Next time you want to make me feel all warm and fuzzy, leave a message.
House : Don't get me wrong. I'm overcome with joy.
John : - Doc. - Yeah.
Brandy : - What? - You just touched my leg.