House : If his thyroid numbers aren't making him sad. - Oh, my God. You don't believe that.
Cameron : - His thyroid levels were a little... - It's nothing. Do not defend him!
House : - Why did he sign that D.N.R.? - I-I didn't talk him into...
UNK: No. He signed the D.N.R. 'cause he didn't want a slow, painful death from A.L.S.
UNK: What was happening had nothing to do with his A.L.S. - Exactly! It's the I.V.I.G.
Foreman : You screwed up! You're not gonna let him die because you screwed up.
House : Technically, your case. You screwed up.
House : Is that what this is about... Looking bad in front of your old boss?
Foreman : You assaulted that man. Fine. I'll never do it again.
UNK: Yes, you will. All the more reason this debate is pointless.
House : His lungs are worse. Any theories?
House : Oh, I'm sure he just went to the little boys' room. Come on, people.
UNK: - Um, vasculitis? - Wouldn't likely hit both lungs.
Cameron : It could be Wegener's granulomatosis.
Foreman : Dr. House?
House : Cuddy sent me a stripper again?
House : Love that woman. So thoughtful.
UNK: Sorry.
Chase : There are case reports of Wegener's hitting both the lungs and the spine.
House : Well, it's not great, but it's better than A.L.S. At least it's treatable.
Cameron : It's a restraining order. You're not to come within 50 feet of John Henry Giles,
Cameron : and they've asked the D.A. to file criminal charges for battery.
House : Cameron, test the blood for C-ANCA.
UNK: These are criminal charges. They're not gonna let you take blood to make more tests.
House : He has blood left in the lab. Just add on the C-ANCA.
UNK: Foreman still got you doing bronchoscopic suctioning for the pneumonia? - Every four hours.
House : Well, while you're down in his lungs, grab a biopsy. We'll need it to confirm Wegener's.
House : And move the patient to the second floor I.C.U. - Why?
House : It's right above the clinic. I'm pretty sure it's 50 feet in any direction.
House : It's nice having a court order saying you don't have to work clinic duty.
House : Dr. Cuddy! Excuse me.
House : You paged me. Why the yelling?
House : His bed is behind that wall... The plaintiff's.
House : I can't, you know, come any closer.
Cuddy : It's right over the clinic. Very cute.
House : Can we get the lecture over with 'cause I've gotta...
House : Actually, I've got nothing to do. Take your time.
Cuddy : You need a lawyer?
House : You don't have a problem with what I did?
Cuddy : When I hired you, I knew you were insane. I will continue to try and stop you from doing insane things.
Cuddy : But once they're done,
Cuddy : trying to convince an insane person not to do insane things is in itself insane.
Cuddy : So when I hired you, I also set aside $50,000 a year for legal expenses.
Cuddy : So far you've come in under budget.
House : Great. Any chance you could help me run some tests?
Cuddy : Dr. Foreman called Dr. Hamilton.
Cuddy : He's flying in from L.A. You can talk to him.