Cuddy : Dr. Hamilton is flying in as a friend of John Henry's...
Cuddy : to pull the plug.
House : Yeah. I need a lawyer.
UNK: House's Attorney : Your Honor, on behalf of Gregory House,
UNK: House's Attorney : we have convened an emergency session of this court...
UNK: to bring a motion requesting that John Henry Giles remain on life support.
UNK: Judge Winter : Mr. House faces criminal charges for battery against...
Cuddy : John Henry Giles.
UNK: Judge Winter : You beat up a guy in a wheelchair?
UNK: House's Attorney : Dr. House is alleged to have forced a tube down Mr. Giles's throat against his will.
House : A medical tube, saving his life.
UNK: Judge Winter : Dr. House, please let your attorney speak for you.
House : I'm sorry, Your Honor. I was way out of line.
UNK: Judge Winter : So, uh, your client forced the patient into this position,
UNK: Judge Winter : and now he wants a court order to force the patient to stay that way.
UNK: House's Attorney : Without the tube, there's a high likelihood that Mr. Giles will die.
UNK: Judge Winter : Well, I assume the patient knows that. He had a D.N.R.
UNK: Judge Winter : That's why your client is facing criminal charges, right?
UNK: Exactly. And Mr. Giles's death will violate my client's Sixth Amendment right.
UNK: His right to face his accuser. That's clever, huh?
UNK: Your Honor, in Commonwealth of Pennsylvania v. Hoselton,
UNK: the Third District ruled that a defendant may not use that status to rule against...
Wilson : Why are you doing this?
UNK: It's not gonna keep you out of jail. No.
Wilson : Even if you win, the restraining order and battery charge stay in place, so what have you gained?
UNK: Time.
Wilson : To diagnose him? You can't get near him.
UNK: I don't want to be near him.
UNK: Well, some doctors have the messiah complex. They need to save the world.
Wilson : You've got the Rubik's complex. You need to solve the puzzle.
House : Are you done? Or do you have more references to 1980s' fads?
House : I'm trying to listen to this.
UNK: House's Attorney : That D.N.R. may not be valid.
UNK: House's Attorney : The patient was suffering from depression brought on by a thyroid imbalance.
UNK: Judge Winter : The D.N.R. order was witnessed...
UNK: Judge Winter : by Dr. House's own staff, a... a... a Dr. Foreman.
House : My staff are idiots. I'm sure you know what it's like, Your Honor.
Foreman : Sit down.
UNK: House's Attorney : The validity of the D.N.R. is a question of fact.
UNK: House's Attorney : Dr. House should have the opportunity to make his argument at a full trial.
UNK: And this poor guy has got to stay on life support until we can schedule a trial.
UNK: House's Attorney : - Your Honor... - Dr. House,
UNK: Judge Winter : I will hold you in contempt if you don't sit down.
House : - I have a medical issue. - If it pertains to this case, your attorney...
House : It doesn't.
House : Do you have any history of heart disease in your family?
UNK: House's Attorney : - Your Honor! - Your fingers...
House : They show signs of clubbing, which indicates a heart problem.
UNK: Remember Bart Giamatti? Same thing... Just dropped dead one day.
House : - Please see your doctor. - He's admitted this isn't relevant.
UNK: Can we get back to the motion?
UNK: - Ofcourse. I-I'm sorry. - Your Honor,
UNK: Giles' Attorney : a person's right to control the treatment of their own body...
UNK: Giles' Attorney : is fundamental to understanding this case.
UNK: A long line of cases, both federal and state, stand to...
UNK: Congratulations. Impressive legal argument.
House : I watched Matlock last night. Say no more.
Wilson : I didn't notice any clubbing on the judge's fingers. Neither did I.
Wilson : So the family history thing...
House : Every family has some history of heart disease.
Wilson : And mental illness.
Chase : Biopsy only shows inflammation. Start him on Cytoxan.
Cameron : You're diagnosing Wegener's based on a little inflammation?
House : Well, unfortunately, I think we've exhausted all the tests we can do...
UNK: in our capacity as the doctors that he doesn't want doing tests on him. Well, you don't...
UNK: We'll know I'm right if he starts walking. We can't do any more tests, but you want me to treat him?
House : Medicine's in the pharmacy. Patient's immobilized in the I.C.U.
House : Sounds like a simple geography problem.
Cameron : Are you asking us to jeopardize our medical licenses for this treatment?
UNK: Dr. Hamilton : Can I help you?
House : Uh, I'm Dr. House. I...
UNK: Greg, right? I'm Marty Hamilton, John Henry's doctor.
Hamilton : We should talk.