Sam : Okay if I take the sports page?
UNK: Sure.
Wilson : Would you mind using a coaster?
Sam : Oh. Sure. Sorry.
Wilson : It's okay.
Wilson : Also, it'd be great if you'd replace
Wilson : the toilet paper when you finish a roll.
Wilson : And when you load the dishwasher,
Wilson : you can't put a big, flat bowl on the bottom.
Wilson : It traps the water so nothing on the top gets clean.
Wilson : And please don't throw banana peels in the bedroom trash...
Sam : I haven't done any of those things.
Wilson : You're probably not even aware...
Sam : I hate bananas.
UNK: Wilson folds His Paper, Realizing : Oh, my God. It was House.
Tom : I'm sorry. He's been trying to get us to fight.
Sam : Why would he think that stuff would make us fight?
Wilson : Because of the milk. You put it in the door.
Wilson : The body of the refrigerator is the coldest part.
Wilson : The temperature in the door fluctuates,
Wilson : which decreases shelf life...
UNK: Sam sounding Slightly Sarcastic : Wow. When did you get all OCD?
Wilson : I just want clean dishes and unspoiled milk
Wilson : so we can all stay healthy.
Sam : Oh. It's about health?
Sam : What about the coaster? Does that replenish my B12 or something?
Wilson : Can we just drop it?
UNK: Sure.
Sam : You have this list of annoyances
Sam : the entire time we were married?
Paula : Get better, Mommy.
Julia : I love you, rabbit.
Tom : Julia, you have a guest.
UNK: Hi. This isn't a good time.
Julia : Dr. Hadley, did you say there was a video game in the playroom?
UNK: Thirteen nodding, To Paula : Maybe you can teach me how to play one of them?
Thirteen : See you in Radiology.
Tom : Get out of my wife's room.
Tom : Your relationship with her stays out of our space.
Damien : I was worried about her.
Julia : Tom's right. You should go.
Damien : So it's fine if we have sex,
Damien : but if I drop by to see if you're okay...
UNK: Tom detaching Every Word : This is our family.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Wilson collar Up, Fighting With His Tie : I spent two years of residency
UNK: Wilson collar Up, Fighting With His Tie : wearing shirts that were a size too small.
Sam : How hard is it to ask me not to put them in the dryer?
Sam : And I only did your laundry because you were never home.
Wilson : I didn't ask you to.
Sam : Of course you didn't. You just got annoyed
Sam : whenever you didn't have clean underwear.
Wilson : I never said I was annoyed.
Sam : That's the point. You didn't say anything.
UNK: Wilson voice Raising : So I'm getting a lecture on communication
UNK: Wilson voice Raising : from someone who had her lawyer inform me our marriage was over.
UNK: Thirteen admiring : Asking for an open marriage. You got stones.
Taub : Conversation sort of got away from me. It was a train wreck.
Thirteen : I think it's good you brought it up.
Thirteen : I read a study that found men who have multiple copies
Thirteen : of a certain vasopressin receptor
Thirteen : are twice as likely to be unfaithful.
Thirteen : Maybe you're just one of those guys.
Taub : So my cheating is biologically predetermined. Fantastic.
Thirteen : Multiply times five. We need a better look at the medulla.
Taub : I thought you'd be relieved.
Thirteen : This gets you off the hook. It's just genetics.
UNK: Taub flatly, But Managing To Sound Bitter : I'm 5'6" and have a receding hairline.
UNK: Taub flatly, But Managing To Sound Bitter : I hate genetics. Medulla's clean.
UNK: Thirteen amused : I don't see you wearing lifts or hair plugs.
Taub : That's because being short and bald doesn't hurt anybody.
UNK: Thirteen supportive : The only thing hurtful about your other genetic predisposition
UNK: Thirteen supportive : is that you keep denying it.
UNK: Thirteen supportive : It's not good for you or Rachel.
Taub : There's nothing there. It's not adrenal cancer.
Taub : And maybe you're right about me,
UNK: but I'm not going to stop trying.
Taub : Rachel's worth it.
UNK: Thirteen looking Closely At The Screen : Look up there. The lung. What is that?
Wilson : You served me with divorce papers
Wilson : in the middle of a medical conference in New Orleans!
Wilson : I threw a bottle into an antique mirror.
Sam : You exhibited an emotion. I wish I'd known you were capable.
Wilson : I loved you.
Wilson : I thought I was gonna be following you to Baltimore, remember?
Wilson : I called about apartments. I set up interviews.
UNK: Sam interrupting, Not Impressed, And Clearly Pissed Off : How could you think that we still had a real marriage?
UNK: Sam interrupting, Not Impressed, And Clearly Pissed Off : We hadn't had a conversation in months.
Wilson : Maybe because I was working two jobs to support us.
UNK: Sam it's Her Turn To Shout : No! No, it's because when you were home,