UNK: Okay, roll onto your side.
House : It's fill 'er up time.
House : So, is Evelyn his new squeeze?
Julia : She's our daughter.
House : Must be interesting, growing up in a production of Oh! Calcutta!
Julia : She's six.
Julia : She knows as much about our sex life as any other kid her age.
House : You can explain that she's the reason
House : the two of you stayed married.
Julia : You've been in the room five minutes.
Julia : You got us all figured out.
Julia : Of course, you left out the part where we love each other,
UNK: and we wanna grow old together.
House : But you just don't wanna be young together.
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : Look, when you think about it,
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : tons of couples do what we do.
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : It's just that with most of them,
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : one spouse doesn't know about it.
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : We decided things work better
UNK: Julia turns To Look At House : when people tell each other the truth.
House : Tank's full.
House : I'll page the radiology elves.
Maya : I'm not saying I hate it. It just doesn't go with your eyes.
Taub : You hate it.
Maya : Little bit.
Taub : Any more heartless critiques of my general appearance?
Maya : Nope. All done.
UNK: Thirteen amused : So, is she as bendy as she looks?
Taub : Maya and I are just friends.
Thirteen : No, you and I are friends.
Thirteen : And you don't have coffee with me three times a week.
Taub : She's an interesting person.
Taub : She grew up in Ohio. She has three brothers.
Thirteen : Fascinating. Last week that Cambodian lab tech was telling us
Thirteen : how he survived the Killing Fields,
Thirteen : and you left to go get a donut.
Taub : So we flirt. It's fun.
Thirteen : It's dangerous.
Thirteen : That woman would totally do you.
Julia : You think?
UNK: Taub hopefully : Nothing is gonna happen.
Thirteen : All I'm saying is, if you want to be on a diet,
Thirteen : you might want to stop hanging out by the dessert cart.
UNK: Thirteen entering The Room : X-ray was clean. She doesn't have herpes colitis.
UNK: Thirteen entering The Room : Or abdominal pain.
Taub : It stopped hurting during the X-ray,
Taub : which means it was just an intestinal blockage that passed.
Taub : We should discharge her.
House : Absolutely, there's no need to find any underlying cause.
House : These things never happen twice.
House : Take her digestive system for a test drive.
House : Give her a radio-opaque milkshake.
House : X-ray every 15 minutes to see if it makes
House : any unscheduled stops on the way through.
Thirteen : We'll be here all night.
House : No, Taub will be here all night.
UNK: Go talk to the unicorn, then tell me you don't believe.
Sam : I did an abdominal CT on a kid today,
Sam : and found a six-inch bezoar made entirely of gum.
Sam : I mean, who gives a three-year-old an endless supply of gum...
Damien : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Sam : I mean, there was hair in it and maybe a piece of paper.
UNK: So, how long have you been married?
Julia : One of the few drawbacks of having an open marriage.
Julia : Nobody ever asks me about current events or the weather.
UNK: The Yankees look good this season.
UNK: Julia laughs : Seven years.