Chase : Get the portable ultrasound in here.
Chase : We need to get a look at her belly.
UNK: Julia yelping : Help me.
House : Pain, pain went away, came back another day.
House : Question is, what brought it back?
Taub : Physical exam was unrevealing. Ultrasound was clean.
UNK: Foreman unimpressed : So afterwards, you gonna shower
UNK: Foreman unimpressed : at your girlfriend's or at home?
Taub : Patient. Abdominal pain.
House : Yeah, he's right. Let's get this wrapped up before 6 : 00.
House : Taub turns back into a faithful pumpkin at midnight.
UNK: The patient was out with her boy-toy before she came in.
UNK: Chase thoughtfully : Maybe the pain was triggered by sexual excitement.
Thirteen : Because lying alone in a hospital bed,
UNK: contemplating bankruptcy? Hot.
Chase : My point was that arousal is a function
Chase : of the parasympathetic nervous system.
Chase : If that's where the problem is,
Chase : the pain could be triggered by crying, which seems...
House : PNS also controls digestion, which she's been doing
House : without screaming her head off since she's been here.
Taub : What if what matters isn't when the pain started, but when it stopped?
Foreman : It was during an X-ray. You think that cured her?
Taub : No, but House prepped her for the X-ray with a barium enema.
Chase : That wouldn't treat anything except...
UNK: Go.
Chase : You're in pain because part of your intestine folded in on itself.
Chase : It's called an intussusception.
Taub : It's cutting off blood flow. We need to fix it
Taub : before your bowel gets necrotic and dies.
Julia : Once you do that, will I get better?
Taub : When this happens in adults,
Taub : it's usually a sign of abdominal cancer.
Taub : We'll fix the overlap, and then search your intestine for tumors.
UNK: Foam?
Cuddy : I have a bad feeling about this.
UNK: House innocent Tone : A friend can't spontaneously buy
UNK: House innocent Tone : an overpriced Italian espresso machine for another friend?
UNK: Cuddy not Buying It : What did you do?
UNK: Nothing, that's the beauty.
House : I genuinely tried to help Wilson.
Julia : I told him to stand up for himself,
House : which you know is legitimate advice.
House : And his relationship blew up.
UNK: Cuddy looks Concerned : Is he okay? He'll be fine.
UNK: House dismissing : Point is, I realized something.
UNK: House dismissing : I do nice things, nice things happen to me. Karma works.
Foreman : So you're paying it forward?
House : If this should somehow lead to Lucas dying or oral sex,
House : so be it.
UNK: You think I should wear a tie tonight?
Chase : This isn't weird at all.
Chase : I mean, where's Rachel eating tonight?
UNK: Home.
Chase : What if she's going out, too?
UNK: She's allowed to, right?
Julia : Of course, it's only fair.
Taub : But I don't think she will.
UNK: Operating Nurse : Your wife only eats dinner at home?
Taub : If she did go out, that'd be tough.
Taub : But I think I can handle it.
Chase : Don't do it unless you're sure.
Taub : I know I'd rather be jealous than a liar.
Taub : Got something here. Kelly clamp and scalpel.
Chase : Biopsy showed non-specific inflammation,
Chase : which suggests IBD.
UNK: Only that doesn't explain the cardiac problems.
Taub : Or her declining kidney function.
Taub : We ran panels during surgery.
UNK: Actually, IBD does make sense,
UNK: 'cause it can trigger ankylosing spondylitis,
House : which would explain the heart and the kidneys.
House : Start her on sulfasalazine and TNF-inhibitors.
House : And Taub, I'm not gonna see you
House : before you head off for Gomorrah.
House : Just remember, if you get disoriented,
House : Breathe through your nose and look for the horizon.
UNK: Rachel voice Rough : I can't.
UNK: Rachel voice Rough : I really thought I could do this.
UNK: Logically, it makes perfect sense.
UNK: Rachel voice Rough : But all afternoon,
UNK: Rachel voice Rough : all I kept thinking about was the two of you together,
UNK: Rachel voice Rough : and you touching her...
Taub : Nothing's happened. It's okay.