Taub : You know, we should really throw away that loofah.
Taub : They're imported. Sometimes they're not sterilized.
Taub : We think our patient got amoebiasis from hers.
UNK: She going to be okay?
Taub : We're treating now. She should be fine.
Taub : It's actually kind of bizarre.
Taub : She and her husband have an open marriage.
Rachel : They sleep with other people?
Taub : Well, she does. Her husband's totally fine with it.
UNK: That's crazy, right?
Rachel : And you're bringing this up because...
Taub : I thought it was interesting.
Rachel : More interesting than your other cases, I guess.
Rachel : You talk about your colleagues. You rant about House.
Rachel : You don't usually mention your patients.
Rachel : Is open marriage something you want?
Taub : No. I mean...
Taub : I know you'd never...
UNK: Rachel sighs, And Speaks Softly : All this time and energy you spent
UNK: Rachel sighs, And Speaks Softly : convincing me you weren't cheating.
UNK: Rachel sighs, And Speaks Softly : And there's somebody else.
Tom : I'm not... Would you like some more water, sir?
UNK: Okay.
Taub : There's a woman at work. People say she's attracted to me.
Taub : But nothing's happened. Nothing's going to happen.
Taub : I'm not having an affair.
Rachel : But you want to.
Taub : No, honey, I'm trying to be honest.
Taub : I don't want to make the same mistakes.
Rachel : Be honest then.
Rachel : Are you attracted to her?
Taub : Look, she's attractive. There's an attraction.
Taub : Aren't there men who make you feel that way?
Rachel : Of course, there are.
Rachel : But it never occurs to me to act on it, because I'm married.
House : To you.
Rachel : And that's enough for me.
Rachel : Aren't I enough for you?
Taub : Of course, you are.
Taub : Our patient's lost all movement in her legs.
Rachel : There are other doctors, Chris. We're talking.
Tom : I'm sorry. The woman's paralyzed.
Taub : I'll get a cab.
Taub : Tests show no spinal cord injury,
Taub : no cerebral lesions, no hemorrhage.
UNK: We finally got a stool sample. The loofah's innocent.
Chase : No sign of amoebas or any other parasite.
Foreman : So paralysis, arrhythmia, intermittent abdominal pain.
House : And he nicked himself shaving.
House : Sorry, that was Taub. But it was easier to solve.
House : Means he used the crappy razor in his locker,
Taub : which means he slept here.
Taub : Thanks to you.
Taub : I brought up open marriage with Rachel.
Taub : It was a disaster.
House : On the medical front, we've knocked out sex and foreign travel.
House : Could be an electrolyte imbalance.
Taub : So the only time you're not interested
Taub : in my marriage is after you blow it up?
Houses : You were the moron who took marital advice from Tila Tequila.
Taub : You pushed me into this.
House : Figured it would either blow up your marriage or make it more honest.
House : Either way, you win.
UNK: Chase suffering Sigh, Then : What about sex?
UNK: Chase suffering Sigh, Then : I'm talking about the patient.
UNK: Chase suffering Sigh, Then : Is that cool with everybody?
Chase : We ruled out sex.
Chase : We ruled out sex with other people.
Chase : Tom said he and Julia have been doing it three or four times a week.
Chase : And she's got boys on the side.
Foreman : Increased libido can be a symptom of adrenocortical carcinoma,
Foreman : which also explains her other symptoms.
UNK: Thirteen annoyed : A woman who likes sex must be sick?
House : Just because everybody in this room
House : wishes that all women were horny all the time doesn't make it so.
House : Get an MRI of her adrenal glands.
UNK: Hi.