UNK: House scoffing : I just wanted you to stand up for yourself, tell her what you want.
UNK: House scoffing : If doing that causes her to walk out for the second time,
UNK: well, then your relationship wasn't going to last anyway.
UNK: Or you could've stayed out of it.
UNK: I could've kept my mouth shut,
Wilson : been annoyed sometimes, but I'd be happy,
Wilson : because I'd still be with her.
Wilson : Now all I have is cold milk.
House : As long as you're free, you want to grab some dinner?
Thirteen : Did Tom go home for the night?
Julia : For starters. I told him to leave. I don't want him here.
Thirteen : Money is a complicated subject.
Julia : Yeah, it's not the money.
Sam : I mean, the money is bad, but...
Julia : When we first opened our marriage,
Julia : I got involved with a guy who lied about being single.
UNK: And one day, his wife calls me.
Julia : She's crying, and screaming, and totally out of control.
Julia : And I felt
UNK: superior.
UNK: I thought, "I don't ever have to worry about feeling this way,
UNK: "because Tom and I are honest with each other."
Julia : Well, here I am.
UNK: Hi.
Taub : Sorry I didn't make it home last night.
Taub : I needed to run some tests.
UNK: Rachel she Goes On With The Chore, And Speaks Without Looking At Him : You know what the worst part was when you had your affair?
UNK: It wasn't the sex.
UNK: Rachel she Goes On With The Chore, And Speaks Without Looking At Him : It was the lies.
UNK: Rachel she Goes On With The Chore, And Speaks Without Looking At Him : Realizing that the narrative of my life was totally wrong.
Wilson : You weren't stuck in surgery.
Wilson : You weren't out of town.
UNK: I don't wanna go through that again.
Taub : I told you, nothing's going...
UNK: Rachel she Looks Up And Speaks Softly, But Firmly : Thursday nights.
UNK: Rachel she Looks Up And Speaks Softly, But Firmly : You have to be home by midnight.
UNK: Rachel she Looks Up And Speaks Softly, But Firmly : You don't bring her here, you don't talk to her about me,
UNK: Rachel she Looks Up And Speaks Softly, But Firmly : and I don't want to meet her ever in any context.
Taub : Are you giving me permission to sleep with other women?
UNK: Rachel little, Bitter Smile : It's what you want, isn't it?
Taub : I want you.
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : No, you want more than me.
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : You want that thrill.
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : But I love you, and I really believe that you love me.
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : And we have a good life together.
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : And at this point, either I walk away,
UNK: Rachel sad Smile Again : or I try to accept who you really are.
Taub : Tomorrow's Thursday.
UNK: Rachel quietly : Yes, it is.
Thirteen : All our tests came back negative.
Wilson : It's not a clotting disorder.
House : Which means we need to come up with a better idea.
House : So what causes problems in the stomach, heart, nerves...
UNK: Wilson folds His Paper, Realizing : Oh, my God.
Chase : You know what it is?
UNK: House bending And Sniffing Taub. Thirteen And Chase Are Perplex : Taub's wife gave the green light for an open marriage.
UNK: House bending And Sniffing Taub. Thirteen And Chase Are Perplex : He's wearing cologne but not the stink of shame.
UNK: You've got a date?
UNK: Taub even More Smug : I am going out with Maya tonight with Rachel's blessing.
Foreman : Mazel tov?
UNK: Chase still Looking At Taub, Open-mouthed : Maybe the problem isn't her blood.
UNK: Chase still Looking At Taub, Open-mouthed : Maybe it's the vessels carrying the blood.
Foreman : No sign of schistocytes or hemolysis.
Foreman : So you're actually going to sleep with another woman,
Foreman : then go home to your wife?
House : Thank God someone's keeping us focused on what's really important.
UNK: Taub was going to do all of that anyway.
UNK: Pulmonary arterial hypertension?
House : Imaging showed normal diameter in her pulmonary artery.
House : Here's a thought. Taub's wife is now totally on the market.
House : Mind hitting me with her digits?
Taub : She would love that, but duty calls.
Taub : What's the matter?
Julia : My stomach.
Chase : Same pain as before?
UNK: Yeah. Worse.