Taub : And how long have you, you know...
Julia : After three years, we realized
Julia : that traditional marriage was making us both miserable.
Taub : Most people get divorced at that point.
Julia : Yeah, we didn't want to get divorced.
Julia : We still loved each other.
Julia : We just realized that expecting one person
Julia : to fulfill all of your needs forever is unrealistic.
Taub : There are happy monogamous couples out there.
Julia : Sure, one or two have the perfect marriage.
Julia : Everybody else has figured out how to settle for less.
Julia : I don't want to settle and end up resenting my husband.
Julia : I'd rather get the 10% he doesn't give me somewhere else
Julia : so that I can really appreciate him for the 90% he does.
Julia : I think something's wrong.
Taub : With your stomach? My heart is racing.
Taub : Try to take deep breaths. I'm gonna try to slow your heart down.
Julia : Is this because of the blockage?
Taub : No. It's not working.
Taub : Need a crash cart in here!
Chase : I need a list of all your sexual partners from the last six months.
UNK: Why?
Chase : Your wife had an arrhythmia.
Chase : The progression of symptoms from bowel to heart
Chase : makes a parasitic infection most likely.
Chase : Since Julia hasn't been out of the country...
Tom : The only place that I've been recently
Tom : is a business trip to Nebraska.
Chase : But either of you could have picked up a bug
Chase : from one of your partners.
Tom : It's kind of complicated.
Chase : How many partners are we talking about? Ballpark.
UNK: None.
UNK: None?
UNK: Tom even More Embarrassed : We have a great sex life. I don't need anyone else.
Chase : So why not just tell her that
Chase : and close this whole thing up?
Tom : You married?
Julia : I was.
Tom : Did you ever agree to go see a chick flick with your wife
Tom : or pretend to enjoy classical music?
Chase : Stravinsky never groped my wife in a Midtown hotel room.
Tom : She needs this.
Tom : I don't, but I don't want her to feel bad about that.
UNK: House hands Behind His Head : He's lying.
Chase : Guy's got a license to drill.
Chase : Why would he lie about not using it?
House : That's not the lie.
House : The lie is that he gives a crap how his wife feels.
House : If they're both screwing around, that's one thing.
UNK: But she has a piece on the side, and he doesn't?
House : The only way he'd be okay with that
House : is if he's betraying her in some other way.
UNK: Then in his mind, it makes them even.
House : My unicorn isn't a unicorn.
House : It's a donkey with a plunger stuck to its face.
UNK: Right, even a guy who's not cheating
Chase : is doing it for underhanded reasons.
Thirteen : No, no, no, he's not being cynical.
Thirteen : He's assuming the husband is doing something to even the score.
Thirteen : Which means he thinks there is a score.
Taub : Which means, cheating swans aside,
Thirteen : House believes in monogamy.
Thirteen : He's being romantic.
House : What I believe is that men are genetically engineered to be jealous.
House : Doesn't matter if I think there's a score. I guarantee you he does.
House : Any of the wife's partners pan out?
Thirteen : She's been with two people other than Tom in the last six months.
Thirteen : Neither of them have been outside the Tri-State area.
House : So we're back to the husband.
Chase : You just said you believed he wasn't...
House : He's doing something behind her back.
House : What better cover than a business trip to Nebraska?
House : Like that's really a place.
Chase : Let's find his travel records and get back to work.
Thirteen : You seem pretty mellow about this couple's deal.
Thirteen : Thought you'd be first in line to shake a finger.
Chase : They're still married. I'm not.
Chase : Not that I could ever do it.
Chase : I was jealous of House, and Cameron never touched him.
Thirteen : Not counting the emotional fondling.
Thirteen : When my mom was dying, my dad had an affair.
Chase : He told you this?
Thirteen : I'd seen them get out of his car.
Thirteen : Two years after Mom died, they got married.
UNK: Must've sucked.
Thirteen : At the time, yeah,
Thirteen : but looking back, it makes sense.
Thirteen : My mom never knew about it,
Thirteen : and he needed someone to make him feel less alone.
Thirteen : He took care of my mom, day in and day out,
Thirteen : for two and a half years before she died.
Thirteen : He was devoted to her. Loving someone else didn't change that.
Chase : So loving two people at once is fine
Chase : as long as one of them is dying?
Thirteen : Whoever's taking care of me when I get sick,
Thirteen : I hope they've got someone else to take care of them.
Chase : Tom was telling the truth.
Chase : He really did go to Nebraska.
Chase : Plane ticket and restaurant receipts.
Thirteen : Forget Nebraska.
Thirteen : Maybe they just bought their parasites at the mall.