Ross : Remember when I had a monkey?
Ross : What was I thinking?
UNK: Hey, so, what's with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
UNK: 20 percent is a pretty generous tip.
UNK: You know what's more generous? 50 percent!
UNK: -You know what's even more generous? -I see where you're going.
UNK: What's up with the greed?
UNK: I'm sorry.
UNK: I have to get new headshots made, and they're really expensive.
UNK: I'm down to, like, three.
UNK: Actually, two, because one of them I blackened some teeth.
UNK: Why'd I do that?
UNK: Isn't there something you can do to earn extra money?
UNK: Can't you pick up an extra shift here?
UNK: Or, you know, I used to beg for money.
UNK: It helps if you've got a little of this going on.
Phoebe : Wow! I still have it.
UNK: Don't you have an audition today? Maybe you'll get that job.
Joey : Wait a minute.
Joey : I used to get medical experiments done on me.
Chandler : Finally, an explanation.
Joey : I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff.
UNK: Let's see... Well, I don't want to donate sperm again.
Joey : I really prefer doing that at the home office.
UNK: Maybe they want some of my blood or spit or something, huh?
UNK: -Joey? -Yeah.
Gunther : What did I tell you about talking while working?
Joey : Do it?
UNK: That guy's been waiting 10 minutes. He's complained about you three times.
UNK: Now, where was I?
UNK: The One With Unagi
Joey : Takes it out of you?
UNK: Now we can kick anybody's ass.
Ross : After one class? I don't think so.
UNK: You want to see me self-defend myself?
UNK: Pretend you're a predator.
UNK: Go on, I dare you!
Ross : Of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming.
UNK: That's not enough.
UNK: Look, I studied karate for a long time.
UNK: And there's a concept you should be familiar with.
UNK: It's what the Japanese call unagi.
UNK: Isn't that a kind of sushi?
UNK: No, it's a concept.
Phoebe : Yeah, it is. It's freshwater eel.
Ross : Maybe it means that too.
Rachel : I would kill for a salmon-skin roll right now.
Ross : Fine, get attacked. I don't even care.
UNK: Come on, Ross, we're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Ross : Unagi is a state of total awareness.
Ross : Only by achieving true unagi...
Ross : can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you.
UNK: In case someone's trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat...
Phoebe : or your kettle of fish?
UNK: It's one thing being prepared for an attack against each other.
UNK: Whole other story being prepared for an attack. I don't know.. Surprise!
UNK: You knew that was coming...
UNK: but that doesn't mean you have unagi.
Rachel : If we made reservations, we could have unagi in a half-hour.
Chandler : -Is Monica here? -No.
UNK: I need help. I don't know what to get for Valentine's Day.
UNK: Valentine's Day was two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar.
Chandler : She was working, so we're celebrating tonight.
UNK: Why don't you book a day for both of you at those romantic spas?
UNK: That's actually a good idea.
Joey : And, of course, crotchless panties.
UNK: As appealing as that sounds to her boyfriend...
Chandler : and her brother...
UNK: We promised to make each other gifts this year.
Rachel : -I love that. -You guys!
UNK: You can't make crotchless panties?