Castle : Don't confuse me with your reasonableness.
Alexis : I'm just saying,
Alexis : maybe he's not the nefarious muse snatcher you think he is.
Alexis : Maybe you should give him a chance.
Castle : Maybe you're right.
Beckett : Okay, great. Thank you for your cooperation.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: So, Bridget McManus said
UNK: that Zack didn't really run with the Bensonhurst crowd anymore.
UNK: But she did give me a list of all of his old neighborhood buddies.
Esposito : How about I run it down?
Beckett : Yeah, great.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Muffins.
Beckett : Alex Conrad sent them to me.
UNK: Alex.
Castle : "Thanks for last night."
Castle : Guess you two got together last night.
Beckett : Yeah, we talked about procedure.
Castle : So, nothing special.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I don't know.
Beckett : He said he was going to use it all for his next book.
Beckett : He said next time he wants to talk about cases.
Beckett : Next time?
Ryan : So, something came up on our victim,
Ryan : I'm not sure what to make of it.
Beckett : - About steroids? - No.
Castle : About our mysterious Moldavian?
Ryan : No, not that, either.
Ryan : Vice and Narcotics struck out on Zack and the sketch.
Ryan : But I ran Zack's fingerprints through the Unsolved Latent Database,
Ryan : his prints match a set found on a car stolen in Queens two weeks ago.
Beckett : - Who's the owner? - A Patricia Farrell.
Beckett : Name doesn't ring a bell.
Castle : I think I know
Castle : what these are about.
UNK: It's a video I saw
UNK: on an underground website a while ago.
Beckett : Not surprising.
Castle : Just watch.
UNK: Here.
Beckett : So that's how Zack made tuition and rent, all without a job.
UNK: Zack had a job, all right.
Castle : He was a car thief.
Castle : Now we know how Zack made his money. Why he was out all night.
Castle : He was playing Grand Theft Auto.
UNK: Yeah, the live-action version.
Beckett : Maybe he boosted the wrong car
Beckett : and got in trouble with the people he was working with.
Castle : Our lethal Lithuanian, perhaps.
Esposito : Guess again, bro.
UNK: I ran the names of Zack's pals from Bensonhurst.
Esposito : One of them has a prior for auto theft.
UNK: A Thomas Marcone.
Beckett : Tommy Marcone?
Beckett : Bridget said that that was Zack's best friend in high school.
Esposito : Lots of car thieves run in pairs.
Beckett : Let's go to Bensonhurst.
UNK: That's it, Scanlon's Bar, and Tommy Marcone's unofficial hangout.
Castle : Looks like the neighborhood is mourning their local hero.
Beckett : Yeah, well, at this point, I'm not sure that's what he was.
Castle : Man born into hardship struggles to reach for something greater,
UNK: only can't escape the demons of his past.
UNK: It wasn't that funny.
Beckett : No, I'm sorry, I just got a message.
Castle : From who? Conrad?
UNK: It is, isn't it? What did he say?
UNK: Nothing. He just wants to know what time I can meet up tonight.
Castle : And that made you laugh?
Beckett : Yeah. He's funny.
Beckett : Tommy Marcone. NYPD.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : You got the wrong guy.
Beckett : Remember when?
UNK: You're still on probation, aren't you?
UNK: I've got a couple of questions about Zack Lindsey's murder.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Why you gotta sweat me in front of the whole bar?
Beckett : What do you want me to do? Take you downtown?
Beckett : I know that the two of you were stealing cars together.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Can't prove that.
Beckett : I know that the two of you were friends.
Beckett : I know that I've got Zack's prints on a stolen car,
Beckett : and I also know that you have priors.
Castle : And since you two were friends,
Castle : we thought maybe you'd care that Zack's laying on a slab
Castle : and thought you might want to help him.
UNK: Aaron Choi : He's dead.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Ain't nothing I can do now.
Beckett : Why don't you tell me where you were
UNK: between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. the night of the murder.