UNK: Alex Conrad : Reads like a crime of passion to me. I bet the girlfriend did it.
UNK: Michael Connelly : The girlfriend? You're kidding, right?
UNK: You move through the girlfriend no later than page 50.
UNK: Dennis Lehane : Yeah, the woman scorned is like the oldest rodeo clown in the book.
UNK: Is he serious?
Castle : He's dead serious.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Well, you know, I just thought we...
UNK: And how many books have you written?
UNK: Alex Conrad : Just the one.
UNK: Dennis Lehane : And this one book made you, like, a crime-solving genius, did it?
UNK: Michael Connelly : You know what I did after I wrote my first novel?
UNK: I shut up and I wrote 23 more.
UNK: Dennis Lehane : I can tell you, a case like this,
UNK: the guilty party is usually the guy with the biggest secret.
UNK: Michael Connelly : You know Dennis is right.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Aside from Brian, who has the most to lose if this steroid use gets out?
Castle : You know, I think I might just know.
UNK: Coach Rome : This is ridiculous.
UNK: Coach Rome : I was in my apartment in faculty housing that night.
UNK: You could just ask around.
Beckett : We know you were in your apartment that night.
UNK: Coach Rome : Okay, so, then why am I here?
Beckett : Do you know what this is, Coach?
UNK: Coach Rome : Yeah. Everybody in my business does.
UNK: Coach Rome : But nobody on my team takes that stuff.
Castle : - Brian Morris does. - That's not true.
Beckett : Apparently, this is his steroid of choice.
Beckett : It comes from Romania.
Beckett : I understand you've been to Romania four times in the past two years.
UNK: Coach Rome : My wife's family is from Bucharest.
Beckett : So, you're trying to tell me it's just a coincidence?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So, if I search your apartment and your office,
Beckett : you're telling me that I wouldn't find any of these vials?
UNK: Coach Rome : You don't understand. Brian Morris was a lock to win it all.
UNK: Coach Rome : He had the body, he had the talent, the money to make himself the best.
UNK: He is the reason I came to coach at UNY.
UNK: Coach Rome : But last year, Brian peaked.
UNK: Coach Rome : Started fading at the ends of races
UNK: Coach Rome : and from out of nowhere, Zack became the guy to beat.
Castle : So, you decided to give Brian an extra boost
Castle : so he could catch up with Zack.
UNK: Coach Rome : Brian's father came to me.
UNK: Coach Rome : He asked if there was anything more I could do.
UNK: Coach Rome : He said he'd donate millions to the program if that answer was yes.
Castle : Yeah, but it wasn't just about the money, was it?
Castle : Every coach knows he has to hitch his wagon to a star.
Castle : In fact, you'd done it before with somebody very special.
Beckett : Before going to UNY, you were coaching in Wilmington.
UNK: Coach Rome : That's right. So?
Castle : You ever give that same boost to your swimmers there?
Castle : They keep those old samples, don't they?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Thank you so much for the interview.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle, how goes the investigation?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Any new leads?
Beckett : Actually, we think we caught a break.
UNK: Wow, that's great.
Castle : Yes, it is. Well, for everyone except you.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I don't...
Castle : Drop the act, Rob. We know how you got to be the Rocket.
Castle : Coach Rome told us about how he gave you rocket fuel back in Wilmington
UNK: and didn't stop until you went all the way.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : What the hell are you talking about?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I have never juiced. I have the test results to prove it.
Beckett : Yeah, but they weren't testing for the right thing.
Beckett : We checked your blood samples from the last gold medal race you won
Beckett : against the designer steroids that Zack found in Brian's car.
Beckett : It came back positive.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : There was a mistake.
Beckett : And then off of that, we got a warrant to search your hotel room,
Beckett : where we found a shirt with chlorine on it.