UNK: We struck out again.
UNK: The Morris' house in Connecticut is gated
UNK: and the security company says that nobody left the night of the murder.
UNK: These guys have everything covered.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: What?
UNK: Zack's email account, the one Tommy used to ask Brian for a donation.
UNK: The blackmail message was sent at 3 : 02 p.m.
UNK: You'd think that would've caused a flurry of telephone calls.
UNK: But he only made one call right after, 3 : 19.
Beckett : That's the father's office in New York.
Beckett : Do we have the dad's records?
UNK: Yeah, I got it right here. Starting at 3 : 21 p.m.,
UNK: Benjamin Morris made about a dozen phone calls,
UNK: all to the same 212 number.
Esposito : Run it.
UNK: It's a Dr. Rex Colabro.
Esposito : He's got a sports medicine practice.
UNK: He's got a lot of big-time athletes as clients.
Beckett : So, Benjamin Morris finds out that his son is being blackmailed,
Beckett : and the one phone call he makes is to Dr. Colabro?
Beckett : The only reason that that would make sense is if...
UNK: Dr. Colabro knew about the steroids. Maybe even supplied them.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : I don't supply steroids to anyone.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Never have, never will.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Seen the long-term damage they cause.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Far as I'm concerned, the stuff's poison.
Beckett : And what about Brian Morris? Is he a patient of yours?
UNK: That's confidential information.
Beckett : His father called you seven times in a two-hour period on Tuesday.
Beckett : What did the two of you talk about?
UNK: That's confidential as well.
UNK: Dr. Colabro, your clientele is mostly high-profile athletes.
Beckett : How fast do you think they'll abandon ship
Beckett : once they find out you were talking with us about steroids?
Castle : I'm guessing fast,
Castle : and when they find out it's steroids and murder,
Castle : it'll jump to light speed.
UNK: Murder?
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : You think I'm mixed up in a murder?
Beckett : I think that it would be in your best interest to help us.
Beckett : Tell us what you and Benjamin Morris talked about.
Castle : And point of fact,
Castle : Brian was your patient.
Castle : But I'm guessing his father was not.