Ryan : They were in New Paltz when Zack was killed.
Beckett : All of them?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : For what?
Ryan : They were at a sporting event of sorts.
Beckett : Which was?
Ryan : Leprechaun toss. Don't ask.
UNK: Anyway, the oldest brother, he got first place.
UNK: Oh, man.
Castle : Well, the merits of Irish culture aside...
Beckett : - Hey! - Sorry.
Castle : Perhaps this suggests
Castle : that Bridget was telling the truth about our elusive Estonian.
Ryan : I'll run the sketch past Narco and Vice, see if they recognize him.
Beckett : Okay, and check if Zack was on their radar.
Beckett : And, Esposito, can you talk to Zack's teammates about the steroids,
Beckett : find out what they knew?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Zack would never touch steroids. None of us would.
Esposito : Look, the fact of the matter is, Zack was clean.
Esposito : But we found steroids at his place.
Esposito : We're just trying to figure out why.
UNK: Brian Morris : Are you saying you think Zack was a dealer?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Look, it's not enough that he's dead?
UNK: Now you gotta drag him through the mud?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Let me tell you something about Zack Lindsey.
UNK: Aaron Choi : He was the heart and soul of this team.
UNK: He was the person we wanted to be.
UNK: Aaron Choi : So if you found drugs, they were there for another reason.
Castle : Whatever the reason, he was up to something.
Castle : Statements from three of his neighbors say
Castle : that he was going out and staying out all night.
Beckett : Yes, to the pool to train. We already know that.
Castle : Except half the time, he was leaving without his gym bag.
Castle : So, where was he going?
Beckett : I'm hoping that you're asking that just for effect
Beckett : because you already have an answer.
Castle : I got nothing.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe you're looking at it wrong.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe the steroids have nothing to do with his murder.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe they're your red herring.
Castle : Alex, so glad you made it.
Martha : Alex Conrad, please meet Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Nice to meet you.
UNK: Alex Conrad : It's a real pleasure, Detective.
UNK: Alex Conrad : The piercing intelligence, the self-assured beauty.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : So, what were you saying about the steroids?