Beckett : A classic car worth over 70 grand goes missing
Beckett : and you're telling me that you had no idea it was gone?
UNK: Why would I be? I barely even drive it.
Beckett : You knew that car was stolen.
Beckett : You didn't want police to recover it in case they found more of these.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : You have no proof of that.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : Zack could have planted steroids in Brian's car.
Beckett : But he didn't.
Beckett : You know, I think that Zack confronted you about those steroids
Beckett : and you knew if he reported you,
Beckett : you could kiss your Olympic dreams goodbye, and so you killed him.
Beckett : Brian, you killed Zack
Beckett : and then you broke into his apartment and tried to cover your tracks.
UNK: Brian Conrad : To my recollection, at no point did Zack Lindsey and I discuss
UNK: any performance-enhancing substance.
UNK: Brian Conrad : And I have no idea who killed him.
UNK: Not a gold-medal performance, Brian.
UNK: Where were you between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. the night of the murder?
Lawyer : This DVD is from a camera mounted above the training pool.
Lawyer : It has the date and time running in the corner.
Beckett : Easily altered.
UNK: Furthermore, the Morris family and staff all swear Brian was at home,
Lawyer : - and I have affidavits. - I'm sure you do.
Lawyer : So, unless you're charging my client, we're done here.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : My son will go to the Olympics,
UNK: Benjamin Morris : and no one's going to derail that, Detective.
Castle : Brian had means, he had motive. That's at least two.
Castle : But what about opportunity?
Montgomery : Clearly, his father would do whatever it takes to cover for him
Montgomery : so he can keep on swimming.
Beckett : Well, with the kind of team Brian had,
Beckett : there's no way we'll be able to prove that he was at the UNY pool.
Castle : Maybe because he wasn't.
Castle : Look what kind of guy Brian is.
Castle : Pampered, protected, dominated by his father.
Castle : This is not a man of action.
Beckett : So, what are you suggesting?
Castle : That he's not the kind of guy to get his hands dirty.
Montgomery : Maybe Daddy cleaned up his mess.
Castle : Or he hired someone to do it for him.
Beckett : Ryan, can you look into the Morris' financials?
Beckett : Look for large payments made around the time of the murder,
Beckett : especially cash withdrawals.
Ryan : Already on it.
Ryan : The dad is a hedge fund manager,
Ryan : so you practically need an MBA to follow the money.
Ryan : But there was something about the kid.
Ryan : There was a bond.
UNK: - As in bail bonds? - As in savings bond.
Ryan : Three days after Brian's car was stolen,
Ryan : he cashed in a savings bond in the amount of $25,000.
Montgomery : That's enough to hire a hit man.
Castle : Especially in today's competitive job market.
Esposito : Did Brian Morris cash that bond at Greenwich Federal Bank?
Ryan : Matter of fact, he did. What do you got?
Esposito : We just searched Thomas Marcone's place.
Esposito : Found tools of the auto theft trade, but we also found this.
Beckett : That looks like 25 grand.
Esposito : And guess where it's from.
Esposito : Greenwich Federal Bank.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I didn't kill Zack.
Beckett : Tommy, it seems like every time you open your mouth, another lie falls out.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : But I'm not lying!
Beckett : Then why did you take 25 grand from Brian Morris?
Castle : A man you characterized as a "cheating bastard," as I recall.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Okay, I may have gotten Zack killed, but not the way you think.
Castle : It was blackmail.
Castle : You blackmailed Brian Morris.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Him being on steroids,
UNK: you know, I figured that knowledge was worth something.
Beckett : Was Zack in on this?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : He would've kicked my ass up and down 18th Avenue if he found out.
Beckett : And been justified.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Look, Brian didn't know me, and I figured he wouldn't pay
UNK: Tommy Marcone : if he got blackmailed by some anonymous mook.
Beckett : So you pretended to be Zack.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I used the library computer and Zack's email account.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I emailed Brian
UNK: Tommy Marcone : saying I had his roids and I was gonna rat him out
UNK: Tommy Marcone : unless he put 25 grand into a paper bag
UNK: Tommy Marcone : and left it underneath the bench at the quad.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : When the coast was clear, I picked it up.