UNK: Assault.
Ryan : - Ag assault. - Bad.
UNK: ADW.
UNK: Battery. Assault on a city employee, parking enforcement.
Castle : - Doesn't count. - Easy.
UNK: Dude.
Castle : Just jokes.
UNK: All right, find out where her brothers were between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Castle and I will talk to Bridget.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Kill him? I've loved Zack Lindsey since the ninth grade.
Beckett : You have a funny way of showing it.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I was pissed.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : For five years I cooked his steamed chicken breast.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I put his pasta in the Tupperware at 4 : 00 in the morning,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I kept him company at the gym.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : And then he tells me,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : "Sorry, Bridge, I can't have any other voices in my head."
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Like suddenly I'm a distraction.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Like suddenly I'm not good enough for Colorado Springs?
Castle : So you threatened to kill him unless he took you back?
UNK: No, that's how I talk, okay?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : But there was something going on,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : and it had nothing to do with swimming.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Lately he'd been stressed, secretive.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Add that to him saying, "This is my time,"
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : and the way those rich college girls looked at him.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I wasn't born yesterday. I can do the math.
Beckett : You thought there was someone else.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : So, I followed him out of his apartment the other night,
UNK: ready to fight some queen bitch from Connecticut for what's mine.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Only it wasn't another girl.
Beckett : Well, who was it?
UNK: I don't know, some scary-looking guy.
UNK: They met under the el and they went at it.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Yelling and screaming.
UNK: I couldn't tell 'bout what, though, 'cause the guy had, like, an accent.
Castle : What kind of accent? Spanish? Asian? Russian?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Do I look like I work at the UN?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Not Brooklyn, okay?
Castle : Okay. No...
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Anyways, I asked Zack about it afterwards and he said it was nothing.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : But it wasn't.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe this guy to our sketch artist?
UNK: So, Lanie confirms no drug in his system,
UNK: performance-enhancing or otherwise.
Beckett : And from the high levels of chloride ion in his blood,
UNK: she's sure the burns came from chlorine.
Castle : So, our heavily accented killer
Castle : rendered Zack unconscious with a chlorine-soaked rag.