UNK: Alex Conrad : Well, nothing, really. I was just looking at the board
UNK: Alex Conrad : and I noticed that this swimmer kid, he's caught between two worlds.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Now, if I were writing the story,
UNK: Alex Conrad : the steroids would just be a red herring,
UNK: Alex Conrad : and the real killer would be someone from the old neighborhood.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Yeah, but that's just me.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Clearly, I'm new at this.
Castle : Alex, don't worry. It takes years of experience to...
Beckett : No, no, you're right.
Beckett : We don't have any proof that this has anything to do with the steroids.
Beckett : We've just been assuming. We do need to look into
Beckett : Zack's old neighborhood, as well.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Seriously? I was helpful?
Beckett : Yes, yes, you were.
Castle : Yes, but you probably have lots of questions.
Castle : So we should get going.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Hey, if it's not overstepping,
UNK: Alex Conrad : just in the interest of keeping it real,
UNK: Alex Conrad : I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions
Beckett : Why don't you just give me a buzz when the two of you are done.
UNK: Alex Conrad : I mean, if it's okay with you.
Castle : Why wouldn't it be okay?
Castle : - Okay. - Okay.
Castle : It's so not okay.
Castle : After everything I've done for him.
Castle : He goes and tries to steal my muse.
Alexis : Muse thievery.
Alexis : What's the punishment for that? Five to 10 in mythology jail?
Castle : Yes, you laugh. Go ahead. Laugh all you want.
Castle : But now I finally know what Obi-Wan Kenobi felt like
Castle : when Darth Vader turned on him.
UNK: No.
Castle : I should've seen this coming.
Castle : You know what they're calling him down at Black Pawn publishing?
UNK: No.
Martha : Alex Conrad?
Castle : The next Richard Castle.
Martha : - Oh... Yes.
Castle : I thought it was a compliment, but no. He's trying to replace me.
UNK: What are you gonna do?
UNK: I am going onto richardcastle. net.
Castle : That ungrateful little weasel.
Alexis : Dad, you ever think that maybe you're overreacting a teensy bit?
Alexis : You ever think that maybe he admires you so much
Alexis : that spending time with Beckett is to understand you better?