Rachel : Now I'm Mommy in this little play?
Rachel : Look, I refuse to get sucked into...
UNK: ...this weird little Geller dimension thing, okay?
UNK: So I'm gonna go take a nice long hot bubble bath...
Rachel : ...because you kids are driving me crazy!
UNK: What do we do about this?
Ross : We could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Monica : Not that!
Monica : This! Us!
UNK: Oh, my God, Ross, it's... You're just...
UNK: Since you've been here, you're driving me...
Ross : Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, all right?
Monica : I just can't stand you being here...
Chandler : ...all the time!
Ross : Why? Why can't you stand me being here?
UNK: We're just having fun.
Monica : Fun? You think this is fun?
UNK: I thought we were fooling around, like when we were kids.
Monica : I hated you when we were kids!
Ross : You hated me when we were kids?
Monica : I hated you.
UNK: I loved you in a you're-my- brother-so-I-have-to way...
UNK: ...but basically, I hated your guts.
Ross : Why did you hate me?
Monica : Because you were mean to me...
UNK: ...and you teased me and you always got your way.
Ross : That wasn't fun for you?
Ross : I can't believe you hated me.
UNK: But now I love you.
UNK: And not just because I have to.
UNK: Really?
Ross : You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
Ross : I can do that.
Monica : Then I won't have to kill you.
Ross : So you wanna watch Entertainment Tonight?
UNK: Thanks.
Monica : You know what?
UNK: If you really wanna watch that Serengeti thing, we can.
Phoebe : Listen, you are not going to believe this...
Phoebe : ...but that is not me singing on the video.
Rachel : How did you find out?
UNK: The record company sent this paper for me to sign saying it's okay...
Phoebe : ...for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
UNK: What will you do?
Phoebe : I can't work with people who would do this.
UNK: Sure.
Phoebe : I mean, this poor woman.
Ross : What woman?
Phoebe : The voice woman.
Phoebe : She has a great voice, but she doesn't have a video.
UNK: Okay, Pheebs, but what about you?
UNK: I have a video. Pay attention.
Phoebe : This voice woman, she's so talented.
Phoebe : But according to the producer people, she doesn't have the right look.
Phoebe : She's like one of those animals at the pound...
UNK: ...who nobody wants because they're not pretty.
UNK: Or you know, like some old dog who's kind of like stinky and
UNK: Oh, my God! She's "smelly cat"!
Phoebe : That song has so many levels.
Chandler : Hey, Eddie.
Chandler : You wanna play some foosball?
Eddie : No, thanks, man. I'm not really into sports.
UNK: Yeah, okay. All right.
Chandler : Doesn't matter. Time for Baywatch!
Eddie : You like that show?
Ross : You don't?
UNK: It's just pretty people running around on the beach.
Chandler : That's the brilliance of it.
Chandler : The pretty people.
Chandler : And the running.
Eddie : I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.
UNK: Okay, man.
UNK: I think of all the friends I've known
UNK: But when I dial the telephone
UNK: No one's home
UNK: All by myself
UNK: Don't wanna live
UNK: All by myself
UNK: Anymore
UNK: All by myself
UNK: I'm gonna sort off with a little song called smelly cat.
UNK: For those of you who wondering this is my real voice.
UNK: Smelly cat, smelly cat
Phoebe : What are they feeding you? Everybody!
UNK: Smelly cat, smelly cat
Phoebe : It's not your fault
Monica : They won't take you to the vet
Chandler : You're obviously not their favorite pet
UNK: You may not be a bed of roses
Rachel : And you're no friend To those with noses
Phoebe : Ross, those are the only lines we have. Back to the chorus!