UNK: Yeah.
Thirteen : Her nausea, she said you told her, like, "Get over it"?
UNK: And?
Thirteen : Nausea isn't something you can overcome with sheer willpower.
Foreman : Which is why I didn't prescribe willpower, I prescribed antacids.
Foreman : She can't handle that, she'd have to leave the trial anyway.
Thirteen : Just call her, say you're sorry, she'll come back.
UNK: No.
Thirteen : God, you're acting like House now.
Foreman : No, I'm not acting like House,
Foreman : which is exactly why I don't need to apologize.
Foreman : I'm not being cruel, I'm not being manipulative.
Thirteen : You said the same thing to me when I told you I was having a hard time.
Foreman : And it worked.
Thirteen : She's a 40-year-old woman who's falling apart,
Thirteen : physically and emotionally. She's dying.
Foreman : Look, I know seeing the Ghost of your Christmas Future is tough,
Foreman : but the only way I can help her is to make sure she follows her regimen,
Foreman : not by becoming her life coach.
Thirteen : You're not acting like House. You are like him.
Whitney : Dr. House?
Whitney : This is my fiancé, Geoff.
Geoff : She says you told her you can get pregnant from sitting on a toilet seat.
House : I said those words, but with a particular inflection.
Geoff : I knew it wasn't true.
UNK: Is there any other way? Isn't it possible?
House : There was a reported case of a Civil War soldier.
UNK: He was shot in the testicles,
House : and the musket ball carried the non-musket ball
House : into the uterus of a woman working in a neighboring field.
House : Nine months later, a miracle child was born.
House : Also, maybe she cheated on you.
UNK: We made a promise.
Whitney : We do other stuff in bed.
Whitney : Couldn't some of his sperm have made it up there somehow?
House : More likely it came from the guy whose penis made it up there somehow,
House : but sure, anything's possible.
Geoff : I want a paternity test.
House : Tell him that amnios are dangerous this early on in the pregnancy.
Whitney : Are they? Who cares? He doesn't know.
Whitney : We'll do the paternity test.
Taub : No reaction.
Natalie : That's bad?
Taub : If you had a mold allergy, it would explain your symptoms.
Kutner : We'll find out what's wrong, don't worry.
Kutner : And I know some things are hard to talk about with your parents around,
Kutner : but kids can be really mean. There are people you can talk to, programs...
Natalie : I'll be okay.
Kutner : You're in good spirits. You feeling better?
Natalie : No. I was just doing my homework.
Natalie : I'm such a dork, I guess that cheers me up.
Kutner : Parents brought it?
Natalie : No, Simon did.
UNK: The jockey kid in your class?
Natalie : Yeah. He just left.
UNK: Security.
Simon : I was just bringing her homework.
Kutner : You helped bully this little girl and completely refused to accept responsibility.
Kutner : No way you came here out of compassion. That only leaves guilt.
Kutner : What did you do to her? Nothing.
Kutner : Stop lying or I'll take the drugs I found in your locker
Kutner : down to the cops, you slimy little jerk.
Taub : This kid didn't do anything to you.
Kutner : This isn't about me.
Taub : Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it, you were bullied yourself when you were in school.
Taub : Take it easy. I wasn't bullied.
Taub : Right. The Indian foster kid whose parents were shot in front of him.
Taub : You were clearly Homecoming King.
Kutner : Let's try this again. Just tell me...
UNK: Honestly, you don't understand.
Simon : We used to be friends.
Simon : And I'd be friends with her now if people wouldn't make fun of me.
Kutner : There's nothing you could tell us that'll help?
Simon : Did she mention she used to drink a lot?
Kutner : No. How do you know that?
Simon : Look, don't tell anyone, all right?
UNK: I have my brother's ID and I kind of supply people.
Simon : I used to get her a few bottles of vodka each week.
Kutner : Why'd you stop?
Simon : She got her own ID.
Simon : Said it was cheaper buying it herself.
Kutner : You can go.
Taub : I think we got our diagnosis. Our little girl's a drunk.
Natalie : I don't drink. I did back then, but...
Cuddy : You could die.