Cuddy : We can't get you on the transplant list until we know why your liver is failing.
Thirteen : Alcohol abuse would explain that.
Cuddy : The seizures could be from withdrawal.
Natalie : I haven't drunk in six months.
Natalie : I didn't even drink that much back then.
Cuddy : A couple of vodka bottles a week?
Natalie : I didn't open half of them.
Natalie : I just bought them because Simon was selling them.
Simon : We used to be friends, and that's, like, the only way
Natalie : I could get him to even talk to me.
Cuddy : Then why did you stop buying from him? He said you got your own ID.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : I don't know.
Cuddy : See, that's not a good answer.
Cuddy : Remember when you asked me if I had any kids?
Cuddy : I don't. I don't know, maybe it has nothing to do with it,
Cuddy : but I was good at school, good at work, lousy at life.
Cuddy : I screwed up every relationship I ever had.
Wilson : I thought, why would I want to bring a child into this?
Cuddy : But then I got older and...
Cuddy : How you feel now will pass. Don't let it screw up your whole life.
Natalie : It's already screwed up.
Anna : My asthma. They said they'd fix it, but it didn't make any difference at all.
House : Well, sometimes doctors make mistakes, Anna,
UNK: and then we have to try twice as hard to fix them.
House : You using your inhaler?
Anna : All the time. Go through one a week.
House : You sure you're using it right?
Anna : Do I look like an idiot?
UNK: No.
House : Why don't you show me how your inhaler works?
UNK: Jerk.
Cuddy : What was that all about?
House : Jamaican chicken recipes.
Cuddy : The parents said no to the benzos.
Cuddy : But I still think Natalie's not being honest with me.
House : So she's willing to die to cover up some boozing?
Cuddy : She's very depressed.
Cuddy : She feels like she deserves what the other kids are dishing out on her.
Cuddy : I think she either wants to die
Cuddy : or she wants the attention that dying gives her.
House : I have no idea why you care so much. Tell Kutner to start her on benzos.
Cuddy : House, the parents just...
UNK: Uh-uh. Not the alcoholism,
UNK: the seizures, totally different. Don't need their approval for that.
House : You sure you want to know?
House : If it makes it any easier, I'm going to tell you anyway.
Whitney : We want to know.
Geoff : What does it say?
House : Don't leave.
Schmidt : You go home last night?
UNK: I meant to, but started reading this file, just couldn't put it down.
Foreman : Let me ask you.
Foreman : That patient who dropped out, the one I told you about?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Do you think I should pursue it more?
Schmidt : No. Patients drop out, that's why we start with hundreds.
Foreman : I just thought,
Foreman : if there's an easy way to make the people who drop off come back, then why not?
Schmidt : They're not people. Really?
Foreman : I thought the zombie trials were all completed during Phase Two.
Schmidt : You can't see the patients as people. You can't even see them as patients.
Schmidt : They're numbers.
UNK: Look.
Foreman : A friend of mine has this disease.
UNK: I don't want to know. There's a reason this is double-blind.
Schmidt : Any personal stake we have skews the study.
Schmidt : Science is not about human relationships, it's about results.
UNK: But you know that. You work for House.
Schmidt : Why do you think I brought you on as my partner?
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : Dr. Taub!
UNK: Mr. Soellner : She was talking to me and then she just passed out.
Taub : Her heart's slowing down.
UNK: Mr. Soellner : Can you fix it?
UNK: Mr. Soellner : Can you fix it? I'm trying.
Taub : Push one amp atropine.
UNK: We've been waiting here for six hours. Am I the father or not?