UNK: With high dose steroids, we might be able to reverse...
House : You run a hospital that treats thousands of patients every day.
House : Some of them die. Every day.
House : If you're gonna get this worked up over every one of them...
UNK: Yes.
UNK: BRB.
Taub : What is it?
House : Thank you from a patient.
Wilson : For you?
House : I saved her marriage
House : by showing that her pregnancy was a result of parthenogenesis.
Cuddy : Human parthenogenesis? You proved...
UNK: Yep.
House : It's unbelievable. But I personally checked it five times.
Taub : How did you check it five times?
Cuddy : The cycler's broken. You would have had to send it out.
Cuddy : It would have taken... Oh, yeah.
House : That does sound impossible now that I think of it.
House : I guess the better explanation is that the paternity test showed she cheated,
House : so I faked the whole parthenogenesis thingy.
Cuddy : What? Why?
House : I win.
Cuddy : You faked a scientific miracle just to win a bet with Wilson?
House : More an argument.
House : I realize it would have been simpler to just fake the paternity test,
House : but, hey, Christmas spirit and all that.
Cuddy : I think you're confusing "nice" and "evil" again.
UNK: Letting the woman deceive her husband by inventing a virgin birth, just so you can...
House : And it obviously would have been more fitting
House : if the baby had been born on Christmas, not just invented then.
Cuddy : It's not leukemia.
Cuddy : Seizures, liver failure.
Cuddy : It's eclampsia.
House : Which means we don't have one dead patient,
House : we have two.
Cuddy : You have a disease called eclampsia.
Cuddy : It causes liver failure, pulmonary edema and seizures.
Cuddy : It's also associated with cardio myopathy.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : That's a pregnancy disease. You tested her when she came in.
Cuddy : You can get eclampsia up to a month after giving birth.
UNK: Mr. Soellner : That's ridiculous. How could she hide a pregnancy?
Cuddy : Loose clothes. She's heavy to begin with, it was probably premature.
Cuddy : If it was three weeks ago, they could have missed it on a physical exam.
Cuddy : The baby's why you quit drinking, isn't it?
Cuddy : Why you asked me if I had kids.
Cuddy : Why you feel guilty.
House : I'm sorry.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Mr. Soellner : Who did this to you?
UNK: Simon.
UNK: It wasn't bad.
Natalie : We were, like, boyfriend-girlfriend for a while,
Natalie : we just didn't tell anyone.
Natalie : He doesn't even know about...
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : What happened to the baby?
Cuddy : I was going to give her away.
Natalie : If they found out at school...
Natalie : I was at the soup kitchen, and she started coming.
Natalie : There was this empty house down the street, but...
UNK: And she wasn't breathing.
Natalie : I tried so hard, but I couldn't do anything. I'm so sorry.
Natalie : If I had her in a hospital, maybe she'd be alive.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : Can you cure this?
Cuddy : The damage to the heart and liver are permanent.
Natalie : I'm gonna die?
House : I'm sorry.
Natalie : I didn't even bury her.
Natalie : I just put my coat over her.