UNK: Sixteen-year-old female gets pranked, also gets visual hallucinations and vomiting.
Cuddy : Turns out to be a failing liver.
House : Why have Foreman's breasts suddenly started to droop?
Thirteen : Large breasts are a classic symptom of you letting Foreman take vacation days
Thirteen : so he can finish his FDA reports before the end of the year.
House : When are you taking vacation?
Cuddy : Hepatic and neurological involvement...
House : So, I understand Foreman's absence. Your presence, not so much.
Cuddy : I'm bringing in a case. You may have noticed me doing that before.
House : I've noticed you a lot of recently.
House : It's almost as if you have a sexual interest in someone here.
House : Like, say, Taub?
UNK: Well, Taub might think I like him if I stayed, which is why I'm going to do this.
Taub : Somehow, I don't think that was really about me.
Kutner : Wilson's Disease.
Thirteen : Ceruloplasmin's normal.
Taub : You got a Christmas present.
Kutner : "Greg, made me think of you."
House : That's funny. It usually explodes after I do that.
Thirteen : Alcohol abuse?
Taub : She's 16.
Taub : The kind of boozing that destroys your liver that early,
UNK: her parents or teachers would notice.
UNK: You're throwing that away?
UNK: Twice.
House : Someone's screwing with me, forget it.
Taub : Yeah, gifting antique medical texts. Oldest gag in the book.
UNK: Handwriting's kind of girly. You got an admirer, House?
House : I said, forget the book.
House : Why'd they pick on her?
Kutner : She's an overachiever, high grades, she volunteers, she's a big target.
House : I'm assuming literally,
Thirteen : You think the kids slipped her something? Their teachers grilled them.
UNK: When did teachers ever know how to motivate their students?
Kutner : What did you do to Natalie?
Sarah : It's all my fault. I didn't stop her from being a total pig.
UNK: Sarah continues : What are you... Your friend's liver is failing.
Chase : We're doing what we can, but she still might need a transplant.
Chase : She could die, unless you tell us what you gave her.
Anna : Just tell him. Shut up.
Anna : We gave her some shrooms.
Sarah : We took some ourselves, we just wanted to make her loosen up a little.
Kutner : How thoughtful of you. You got any left?
Sarah : They're in Simon's locker.