Kutner : This was your idea?
Simon : No way. I didn't give her anything.
Kutner : Right, you just knew about it and let them do it.
UNK: Poisonous mushrooms and hallucinogenic ones are different.
UNK: Not if they're not dried correctly.
Kutner : Get back to school. You better hope we got to her in time.
UNK: What?
Sarah : Am I going to get in trouble? Should we apologize or something?
Chase : Yes, you should. Natalie's on the third floor.
Sarah : Who's down there? Mr. Ravitz.
Thirteen : Where's the woman I spoke to last week?
Thirteen : The trial patient with the advanced symptoms.
Foreman : She dropped out.
Thirteen : She okay?
UNK: Not health related.
Foreman : She just wants to drop out.
UNK: Why?
Foreman : She didn't say. And I only break into the houses
Foreman : of very special patients to get to understand them better.
Thirteen : I do good today, boss?
UNK: No rigidity, no cogwheeling. So absolutely, I'd call that good.
Thirteen : Great. Thanks.
Foreman : Your clipboard.
Thirteen : Keep it.
Kutner : This place actually smells of evil.
Taub : Where do you work again?
Taub : Why would House throw out a book worth hundreds of dollars?
Kutner : To make you ask that question.
Kutner : Can you really put a price tag on screwing with people?
Taub : Can you get us into Natalie Soellner's locker while we're here?
Taub : House always has an agenda. Just screwing with us isn't...
Kutner : Yeah, he'd never do that. Oh, wait, he already did, last year.
Kutner : Remember the Secret Santa gift he got himself?
Taub : He was making us fight over who could get him the best present.
Taub : This time, he's just making us wonder.
Taub : No animosity, no ugly competition. I think it's a real present.
Kutner : If it's real, then House really was freaked.
UNK: And if it affects him, eventually it'll affect us.
UNK: Uh-oh.
Taub : Maybe it wasn't those kids who poisoned Natalie.
Taub : Maybe it was Natalie herself.
Natalie : I didn't try to kill myself.
Cuddy : Then why'd you have all those painkillers?
UNK: In case I get a headache.
Cuddy : Well, maybe, you took a few too many.
Natalie : Do you have any kids? No.
Cuddy : But high school wasn't all that different when I was your age.
Cuddy : Teenagers can be incredibly mean. I know what you're going through.
Natalie : I bet you were cool. You're pretty.
Cuddy : You're pretty, too.
Natalie : I'm fat. I'm a loser.
Natalie : They all hate me.
Natalie : You know what they did last year?
Natalie : They took these photos of me for the yearbook.
Natalie : But it wasn't. It was for this website making fun of me,
Natalie : calling me a pig.
Cuddy : Forget about them.
Cuddy : Let's just make you better.
Natalie : What's the point?
UNK: Acetylcysteine could save her liver, but we have to act fast.
Cuddy : If there's any chance that she took all those pills...
UNK: Mr. Soellner : There's no chance.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : She was the happiest, sweetest little girl.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : And a year ago, she hits puberty,
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : and it's like this secretive little stranger moved into her room.
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : I tried to talk to her about what she's going through, but...
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : Give her the treatment.
UNK: Kimberley, you think that she tried to...
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : I don't know what to think.