Beckett : Go ahead, Espo.
Esposito : Hey, so I just finished talking to the other astronauts.
Esposito : None of them seem to have any idea what Tom was talking about.
Beckett : All right, thanks, Espo.
UNK: The CSU just finished their initial sweep.
Ryan : There's no one else in that simulation.
Jansen : It's possible Tom was seeing things.
Jansen : All our tests show that being locked
Jansen : in a confined space with others
Jansen : can play tricks on your mind.
Castle : Only, delusions don't kill.
Beckett : And if what Tom said was true,
Beckett : then whoever killed him
Beckett : might have been able to get in and out undetected.
Jansen : I told you, Detective,
Jansen : given our security, that's impossible.
UNK: Sir.
Ed : Maybe not.
UNK: Mission Control Tech : At Detective Ryan's request,
UNK: Mission Control Tech : I ran a check on all our security systems.
UNK: Mission Control Tech : Everything looked normal until I got into the deep code.
UNK: Mission Control Tech : See that?
Jansen : Oh, God. What is it?
UNK: Mission Control Tech : Our security system's been hacked.
Jansen : Key cards, alarm codes...
Beckett : Meaning someone could have broken into the simulation.
UNK: Based on our backup files,
UNK: these changes were made two days ago.
UNK: Sometime between 11 : 10 and 11 : 14 at night.
Jansen : Digital tracing indicates we were breached from the outside.
Jansen : Someone broke through our firewall.
Beckett : Can you tell who?
Jansen : We log every IP address that connects to the mainframe.
Jansen : I'm running a trace now for that time window.
Jansen : There. Third one down. I don't recognize that one.
Ryan : All right. We should be able to trace it.
Jansen : Don't bother. I just did.
Jansen : It's coming from a residential Wi-Fi.
Jansen : Registered to a...
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
Beckett : Who is it?
Jansen : Clint Granger. Hothead pilot.
Jansen : He was one of our applicants until he was kicked out of the program.
Castle : Why'd he get kicked out?
Jansen : He accused Tom of sabotaging him
Jansen : during candidate testing.
UNK: Claimed it cost him the pilot's spot.
Ed : So he tried to run Tom over in the parking lot.
Beckett : And when was this?
Ed : Seven months ago.
Ed : But he did say he'd be back to finish the job.
UNK: Clint Granger : Yeah, I was pissed.
UNK: Clint Granger : I'm still pissed.
UNK: Clint Granger : He slipped something into my drink before the final round.
UNK: Clint Granger : Slowed my reaction time.
Beckett : So you tried to run him over with your car?
Granger : It should have been me on that mission, not him.
Granger : He stole my spot in history.
Granger : And you ask me? He got what he deserved.
Granger : But I did not kill him.
Ryan : And yet we traced that cyber-attack
Ryan : to your apartment.
Granger : I am a pilot,
Granger : not a computer geek.
Granger : I couldn't rewrite that code if the mission depended on it.
UNK: You could've hired someone.
Granger : Yeah, but I didn't.
Granger : Look, when Tom was getting himself murdered,
Granger : I was at dinner with a friend in Connecticut.
Granger : And when that hack took place from my Wi-Fi,
Granger : I wasn't even in the country.
Granger : Someone's setting me up.
Beckett : Granger's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He was at dinner with a friend when Tom Richwood was killed.
Castle : What about the night the hack took place?
Beckett : Granger was visiting his brother in Nova Scotia.
Beckett : It wasn't him.
Ryan : Mars, Nova Scotia.
Ryan : This guy really loves barren landscapes.
Castle : Come on, Ryan. You're telling me
Castle : you have no desire to go to Mars?
Ryan : I prefer my oxygen without a can.
Castle : Where's your sense of adventure?
UNK: Of exploration? Of destiny?
UNK: If I wanted to fly thousands of miles
Ryan : to see a lifeless orb,
Ryan : I could just visit Jenny's grandmother.
Ryan : Same hostile environment. Same freezing temperatures.
Ryan : Same noxious atmosphere...