Castle : Do you hear that?
UNK: Whoa. Hear what?
UNK: Oh, whoa!
Beckett : What happened?
UNK: Something is down here.
UNK: Something?
Beckett : What the hell is that?
Jansen : Told you this felt like Alien.
Beckett : Castle, stop. This is not Alien.
Castle : Did that look human to you?
Ryan : Actually, no.
Castle : Right. See, I'm betting it's a Xenomorph stranded here on Earth.
Castle : Attracted to the simulation because
Castle : it needs the toxic environment.
Castle : Probably saw Tom as encroaching on its territory and killed him for it.
UNK: What... What are you doing?
UNK: I'm checking you for bites and scratches.
Castle : Making sure you didn't somehow get impregnated.
UNK: If you think that's how I'd get pregnant, we need to talk.
UNK: There!
UNK: Beckett!
Castle : It shed its skin!
Beckett : It's not skin. It's a gas mask.
UNK: And that's a breathing hose. For a human.
Beckett : To protect themselves from the fumes of the simulation.
Beckett : Someone was trying to break in.
UNK: Yes, this was the access point.
Jansen : Why would someone tunnel into my simulation?
Castle : Well, maybe it's one of your competitors.
UNK: It could be espionage, or sabotage.
Beckett : And our victim might have found out,
Beckett : and threatened to expose them.
Castle : Either way, this explains what he saw.
Castle : Why he thought there was someone else in there with them.
Jansen : How did they elude my cameras?
Beckett : Well, maybe they were working with someone
UNK: that was involved in your program,
Beckett : and knew when the cameras would be blacked out.
UNK: Excuse me. Beckett.
Esposito : Hey, so CSU just confirmed it.
Esposito : The blood on the screwdriver belonged to Tom.
Esposito : It's our murder weapon. Okay, any prints?
UNK: No, but since the killer was in the simulation...
UNK: Then they would've been wearing gloves.
Beckett : Um, okay. What about the gas mask? Anything from that?
Esposito : It looks military, but we're still trying to run it down.
Esposito : Meantime, Ryan's pulling camera footage from the surrounding area.
Esposito : Maybe we'll get lucky, catch our alien
Esposito : exiting one of the access points to the utility tunnel.
Esposito : Probably won't know anything till morning.
Beckett : All right, keep me apprised.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you think about anyone
UNK: that would've wanted to breach your simulation
Beckett : and we'll keep you posted on what we find.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Oh, my God. What a day.
Beckett : I feel like I'm still covered in spiderwebs.
Beckett : I cannot wait to take a hot shower.
UNK: Oh, maybe I could, uh, join you.
UNK: Ooh, that'd be nice. We could relax, have a glass of wine and...
Castle : Do you hear that?
Beckett : It's your mom. And Ben.
Castle : And Alexis is here.
Beckett : With friends.
UNK: What did I tell you!
Castle : Maybe we could go to a hotel.
Beckett : And yet you think you could survive being stuck in a space capsule
Beckett : with four other people for a year.
Castle : I could if you were one of those people.
UNK: Oh.
Alexis : Wow, you guys!
Alexis : Get a room!
Jansen : We would, if there were any left.
Castle : Maybe you shouldn't have been so quick to sublet your place.
Beckett : You know, maybe we could just set up a schedule.
Beckett : Or they could give us a heads-up
Beckett : and let us know what to expect when we get home.
UNK: I'm gonna call a family meeting.
Castle : Or we could just go to Mars.
Beckett : Yeah. I don't think you'd be happy there.
Beckett : There's no showers, there's instant coffee
Beckett : and you have to bag your own...
Ryan : Hey, Castles.
Beckett : Hey, any luck on that security cam footage?
Ryan : Nada, your alien must have accessed the underground
Ryan : where there wasn't any coverage.
Ryan : But we did have better luck with that gas mask.
Ryan : CSU was able to pull exhaled breath condensate from inside the face plate.
UNK: It contained trace amounts of DNA.