Jansen : The rover was docked.
Jansen : M.I.R.A., we know the rover wasn't docked.
Mira : How do you know?
Jansen : We have photographs. Evidence.
Mira : Your evidence is incorrect. The rover was docked.
UNK: M.I.R.A., prior to Tom's death,
Beckett : did someone instruct you to activate the rover?
Jansen : She's drawing more power. Something's wrong.
Mira : No. The rover wasn't activated. The rover was docked.
Castle : Is it possible someone could've altered her memory?
Mira : No one altered my memory, Mr. Castle. My memory is perfect.
Jansen : Her memory core was designed to be a closed system.
Jansen : It can't be altered. But something's off.
UNK: M.I.R.A., run a level-one diagnostic on all systems.
Mira : There is no need to run a diagnostic. All systems are optimal.
Jansen : How about we run it anyway?
Mira : I'm sorry. I can't do that.
Jansen : Why not?
Mira : It violates my operational parameters.
Jansen : It's a simple diagnostic.
Jansen : What parameter does it violate?
Mira : It will compromise the mission.
Jansen : How will a diagnostic compromise the mission?
Mira : Answering that question will compromise the mission.
Jansen : I don't understand. I think I do.
Beckett : She knows she's lying to us.
Beckett : And if she runs those diagnostics,
Beckett : we'll discover the truth.
Castle : And that truth will somehow put the mission at risk.
Jansen : She's a machine. She can't lie.
UNK: You said that she's programmed to learn.
Castle : What if somebody taught her how?
Castle : What if someone used her to kill,
Castle : and then to help cover up the crime?
Jansen : No, her core parameters can't be altered.
UNK: She's programmed to protect the mission and everyone on it.
Castle : But what if those operational parameters
Castle : are in conflict with each other?
UNK: What if someone she's programmed to protect is a threat to the mission?
Castle : Um, M.I.R.A., how would you classify Tom Richwood?
Mira : Sergeant Major Tom Richwood, pilot, systems engineering specialist.
UNK: Okay. Right, okay. Deceased.
Castle : Was Tom a threat to the mission?
UNK: Yes.