UNK: Who would wanna build a replica of Jansen's Mars colony?
Castle : The competition.
UNK: Granger must've been breaking into the sim
Castle : to steal technology for Jansen's competitors.
UNK: Ian Rasher : I don't care if we have to pay them triple.
UNK: Ian Rasher : We cannot fall any further behind!
Beckett : And I think I know which one.
UNK: Yep. All right.
Castle : Sir Ian Rasher. Billionaire, playboy, adventurer.
Beckett : And possible accessory to murder.
UNK: You may wanna rethink your application to his program.
UNK: All right. Good, good.
Beckett : Mr. Rasher? Detective Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : I was wondering if we could have a word.
Rasher : Of course. What can I do for New York's finest?
UNK: Well, you could start by telling me where Clint Granger is.
Rasher : I'm sorry, Detective. I'm afraid I don't know who that is.
Beckett : Are you sure? Because, looking around, I'm guessing he's the guy
Beckett : that you hired to steal Viggo Jansen's plans for the Mars simulation.
Rasher : Detective, I employ the world's best engineers.
Rasher : Why would I bother wasting my time on my competitor's technology?
Castle : Maybe because you're falling behind them?
Castle : It's no secret your last two rocket launches were spectacular failures.
UNK: You wanna win, so you needed to buy a competitive advantage.
Beckett : And after one of Jansen's team members
Beckett : discovered what you were up to,
Beckett : a man with your reputation and knighthood,
Beckett : you had no choice but to have him killed.
UNK: Killed?
Rasher : Who was killed?
Beckett : One of Jansen's astronauts. Tom Richwood.
Rasher : I had nothing to do with that.
Beckett : Well, the best way to convince me of that is to tell me where Granger is.
Beckett : Unless you prefer prison.
Granger : Okay, yeah.
Granger : I was spying for Sir Ian.
Granger : He promised me the pilot's slot on his mission if I did.
Granger : But I was telling the truth about Tom.
Granger : I didn't kill him. I have an alibi, remember?
Beckett : Alibis can be bought.
Beckett : We found your DNA on the gas mask.
Beckett : We know it was you in the access way.
UNK: Because I didn't want it to look like I had anything to do with this.