UNK: Uh, not the woman from the photo,
Gates : but the woman with her is Elizabeth Weston,
Gates : the US Attorney for the Southern District.
Gates : She also happens to be my sister.
ELIZABETH : Victoria.
UNK: Been a while.
Gates : Yes, it has.
UNK: And who is this?
UNK: Stephanie Goldmark : I'm Stephanie Goldmark. Assistant US Attorney.
UNK: Stephanie Goldmark : We're here about the Cordero murder.
UNK: Oh, that's funny, because we have a few questions about that ourselves.
BECKETT : Starting, Ms. Goldmark, with
Beckett : why you didn't identify yourself when you made that 911 call
Beckett : from the pay phone.
Weston : Because I instructed her not to.
Weston : I couldn't afford to compromise our investigation.
Castle : What investigation?
Weston : Is there somewhere private we can talk?
Gates : All right, Elizabeth, what's this all about?
Weston : Your victim was a confidential informant for my office,
Weston : in an ongoing criminal investigation of JP Harding.
Beckett : Which is why Cordero was wearing a wire.
Goldmark : Yes, and since JP Harding is on the 65th floor,
Goldmark : we couldn't monitor it live.
Goldmark : Cordero put it on every morning and turned it in every night,
Goldmark : along with the attached recording device.
Castle : Only last night, he didn't.
Goldmark : I went to his apartment to see what happened.
Goldmark : That's when I found him, and the wire was gone.
Weston : We think that there was something key to our investigation on that wire
Weston : and that's why he was killed.
Weston : So, where are you on leads?
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Well, uh, ballistics is running the slug,
Beckett : but right now the only lead is this sketch provided by Mr. Cordero's boss,
UNK: Jamie Berman.
Beckett : It's of a man he saw with our victim.
Weston : Well, I wouldn't put much credence in that sketch.
Gates : Why is that?
UNK: Because Berman is the target of our investigation.
UNK: Jamie Berman, head of JP Harding?
Weston : We've been trying to mount a case against him for years.
Weston : Insider trading, securities fraud.
Weston : We know he's doing it, we just haven't been able to get proof.
Goldmark : Not without getting inside.
UNK: Berman's too careful.
UNK: But then last month, we caught a break.
Goldmark : Peter Cordero was found with a baggie of cocaine during a stop-and-frisk.
Goldmark : With his priors for possession when he was a teen, he was facing five to ten.
Gates : You got Cordero to play ball.
ELIZABETH : He jumped at an immunity deal.
UNK: He'd already gotten valuable information on his wire recordings.
Weston : But yesterday he was scheduled to meet with Berman one-on-one.
Weston : He was going to push him to open up about some of his deals.
Goldmark : Cordero may have pushed too hard.
UNK: We think Berman made Cordero in that meeting.
UNK: So, you think Jamie Berman's somehow responsible for Cordero's death?
UNK: Well, if Berman knew he had incriminated himself on tape...
UNK: He'd go to any lengths to get it back.
UNK: Victoria,
Weston : this investigation is ongoing,
UNK: and exposing it to Mr. Berman or anyone at JP Harding