Lawyer : You have no evidence that account belongs to Mr. Cordero.
Lawyer : Just as you have no evidence that money came from my client.
Castle : Then why were you with him in that Internet café?
Burman : They have good coffee.
Beckett : I think there's a reason why you went out of your way
Beckett : to keep that transfer a secret.
Beckett : I think Cordero told you
Beckett : that he was being forced to be an informant for the US Attorney.
Beckett : And knowing that he would never be able to work again,
Beckett : he struck a deal with you.
UNK: $25 million
Beckett : in exchange for providing false evidence
Beckett : to undermine the investigation.
Castle : What investigation?
Beckett : You know exactly what investigation.
Beckett : And when you found out that he wasn't going to finish the job,
Beckett : that he was going to leave town and take your money with him,
Beckett : you had him killed.
Beckett : And then you took the wire that you knew he was wearing
Beckett : to cover up any recorded evidence of the murder.
Lawyer : That's all wild speculation.
Burman : Not to mention you have your facts wrong.
Burman : You said Peter was wearing his wire when he was killed?
Burman : I'm afraid that's not possible.
Castle : So you knew about the wire?
Castle : You admit you were in on it with him?
UNK: Jamie...
Burman : It's not illegal to know.
Burman : And I guarantee you, you will never link me to that payment.
Burman : So you'll never be able to prove witness tampering.
Burman : But, yeah, I knew about the wire.
Burman : And Peter wasn't wearing it when he was killed
Burman : because he had already left it for the feds
Burman : at the dead drop at Lafayette and Spring.
Beckett : How do you even...
Beckett : The walk that you took together. You were with him.
Burman : I saw him go into the mailbox store, and put it into one of those boxes.
Gates : Thank you for coming.
Burman : Of course.
Goldmark : There's been a break in the case?
Beckett : Yes, actually. New information has surfaced about Peter Cordero's murder.
GATES : In fact, it seems
Gates : someone in the US Attorney's Office lied about Cordero not leaving his wire
Gates : at the dead drop the night of his death.
Goldmark : No one lied.
Goldmark : I went to the drop myself. It wasn't there.
UNK: Elizabeth.
Gates : Tell her.
UNK: Stephanie, if Peter never turned in his wire,
Weston : how did that day's recordings end up on your computer?
Castle : See, even though you erased them,
Castle : the tech department here was able to recover everything.
Goldmark : I don't know what you're talking about.
Gates : Standard procedure was to turn them over for analysis the next morning.
Gates : But you listened to those tapes that night.
Gates : And you heard something you weren't supposed to,
Gates : at least not until Cordero was gone.
PETER : I came to the US believing in the American dream.
UNK: So I worked hard and tried to be honest in a corrupt world,
UNK: working for corrupt and greedy people, because I still believed.
UNK: But when you, the US Government, plants drugs on me,
UNK: threatens to destroy my future,
UNK: all because you need someone to testify,
UNK: how am I supposed to still believe?
UNK: I did everything I could to play by the rules.
UNK: But no one else does.
UNK: So by the time you hear this, I'll be gone.
Beckett : We brought in the cop that busted Cordero.
Castle : He confessed to planting the cocaine, on your orders.
UNK: Why, Stefanie?
Goldmark : You said you needed someone on the inside.
UNK: To make the case against Berman. For the greater good!
Weston : No. Not like this.
Castle : When you heard that recording and found out Peter was leaving,
Castle : you knew it would all come out.
Castle : So, you went to his place.
Goldmark : I went to try and talk to him. But he wouldn't listen.
Beckett : And then you saw his gun, and you made sure
Beckett : that his story would never get out.
UNK: And you made it look like he was killed for that recording.
Beckett : Detective Beckett,
Weston : Mr. Castle, I would like to commend you
Weston : for your exemplary work in the face of headwinds from me and my office.
UNK: Oh, thank you, but, I mean, we were just all doing our jobs.
Beckett : Following our captain's lead.
Castle : Did you manage to track down that $25 million?
Weston : Yes. It turns out that Mr. Cordero donated a large portion of it
Weston : to rebuild his hometown,
UNK: the one that was destroyed in the earthquake that killed his parents.
Beckett : Are you going to try to recover it?
UNK: Well, it's very difficult to reclaim funds once they've left the country.
Weston : I think that we have better uses for our resources.
Weston : I should be going, but thank you, again.
UNK: What about Berman? Do you still have a case?
Weston : Well, not the one that I thought. But at least I won't embarrass myself
Weston : in court presenting evidence that's untrue.
UNK: Then Berman paid $25 million for nothing.
Gates : - I bet that hurt. - Probably,
Weston : but it's not enough.
Weston : We will build our case the right way.
Weston : It may take some time, but we'll get him.
Weston : Thank you, Victoria.
Weston : For what?
Weston : For doing your job so well.
Weston : So, I know it's late, and you probably want to get home,
Weston : but after today,
Weston : I could really use a drink.
Weston : And a sister.
Gates : Me, too.
Castle : You know, in the end, Gates' sister wasn't that bad.
Beckett : Does that mean we have to invite her to the wedding?
Castle : Yeah, what about that? Our lists.
Beckett : Castle, we can't have that many people coming.
Castle : Agreed. So, what do we do?
Beckett : I think we have to decide why we're actually having this wedding.
Beckett : I mean, are we doing this not to insult hundreds of people,
Beckett : or are we doing this for us?
Castle : Well, for us.
Beckett : Well, then why don't we just take a minute
Beckett : and write down the names of all the people
Beckett : that absolutely, positively have to be there,
Beckett : no matter what, to make us happy.
Castle : One minute.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: It's not much time. What if we forget someone?
Beckett : Then they shouldn't have been invited in the first place.
Castle : Let's do it.
UNK: Okay.
Lanie : All right.
Castle : - Are you ready? - Yep.
UNK: One minute. And, go.