Burman : My version of exercise.
Burman : And I saw Peter in the stairwell with this guy who looked like a gangbanger,
Burman : all tatted up his neck,
Burman : big scar on his cheek.
Burman : Not the kind of guy you ever see down here.
Burman : And he was handing Peter a package, about yay big.
Burman : When Peter saw me, he looked guilty as hell,
Burman : so I just kept walking.
Castle : And you didn't ask him about it?
Burman : Yeah, I did later,
Burman : but he said it was nothing, so I just let it go.
Beckett : You saw a gangbanger in your stairwell, and you just let it go?
UNK: This is a high-stress environment, Detective.
Burman : We don't ask a lot of questions
Burman : about what our people do to... To get through the day.
UNK: Okay. Do you think you could describe him to a sketch artist?
Burman : - I think so. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : Great. I need the names of all of Peter's associates here at work.
Burman : Of course.
Beckett : Lanie's got something for us.
LANIE : Still no indication of defensive wounds,
Lanie : but I did find this when I checked his nails for DNA.
UNK: Numbers, 7-2-3-5-9-8?
UNK: He wrote it in pen, I'd say four or five days ago.
Lanie : But that's not why I called you.
Lanie : Look at this.
Lanie : On his chest, next to the Y incision.
Beckett : Look at what?
LANIE : It's subtle.
Lanie : So subtle I almost missed it.
Lanie : But I think it explains why his shirt was ripped open.
Lanie : You see this grainy material?
BECKETT : Yeah.
Lanie : It's adhesive residue.
Lanie : In fact, there's a residue pattern from his belly to his chest.
Lanie : - Adhesive? - LANIE : Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : Looking at the pattern, I'd say your Wall Street wolf was wearing a wire.
GATES : A wire?
BECKETT : Yes, sir. We believe our killer
Beckett : removed it from the victim's body after shooting him.
Gates : Do we know who he was wearing a wire for?
UNK: Well, we're checking with other branches of law enforcement right now.
GATES : What about this woman who called in the murder?
Gates : Have you been able to identify her?
Beckett : You know, no one in Cordero's life seems to know who she is,
Beckett : and we have no idea where to find her.
UNK: I think she just found us.
Gates : Oh, Lord.
Gates : I'd say your case just got a lot more complicated.
Beckett : What is it, sir?
GATES : They're from the US Attorney's Office.
Castle : You know them?