Esposito : It's not as fictitious as you think.
Esposito : I just got the ballistics back on the bullet that killed Cordero.
UNK: Striations match a slug
Esposito : that was pulled from a robbery shooting at a bodega in the Bronx
Esposito : three months ago.
Esposito : The detectives couldn't make a case,
Esposito : but their three best suspects were gang members, including this guy.
Castle : Same guy.
Gates : Same gun.
Beckett : Hector Nunez?
Esposito : Yeah, runs the South Bronx territory of Los Caballeros gang.
Esposito : Priors include assault, attempted manslaughter,
Esposito : and conspiracy to distribute cocaine.
MARIA : No! You're wrong.
Maria : Peter had nothing to do with cocaine. He hated drugs.
UNK: Did you know he was arrested last month for possession?
Maria : That's impossible. I know Peter. He'd never use that stuff.
Beckett : Are you sure, Maria?
Beckett : Because he was seen
Beckett : receiving a package last week from this guy.
UNK: Maria Cordero : No. No.
Maria : It can't be.
Castle : You recognize him?
Beckett : Hector Nunez.
Maria : He was Peter's best friend growing up.
Maria : But then he got mixed up in a gang and he tried to drag Peter in, too.
Maria : Afterwards, Hector changed, he became dangerous.
Maria : Peter cut ties with him over a decade ago.
Castle : Can you think of any reason why he'd be back in Peter's life?
Maria : Hector was a devil. Peter would have never gotten mixed up with him again.
UNK: Unless he didn't have a choice.
UNK: LATINO MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : This is a long way from Wall Street.
Beckett : This doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : If Peter was into drugs, he had enough money
Beckett : to get them from downtown.
Beckett : Why would he risk getting them from someone
UNK: that he knew was dangerous?
Castle : There it is. El Baile club.
Beckett : Yeah, unofficial headquarters of Los Caballeros.
UNK: Stick close.
Beckett : If Hector's as dangerous as advertised, things might get a little hairy.
UNK: "Hairy" is my middle name. That sounded a lot better in my head.
CASTLE : Are you sure this is the right place?
Castle : Those guys don't look very dangerous.
BECKETT : What about those guys?
Castle : Ah, you mean the heavily armed ones.
Beckett : We're looking for Hector Nunez.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Hector Nunez.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Detective, you shouldn't be here.
UNK: Hector Nunez : You could get hurt.
UNK: Such a dangerous neighborhood.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe I should take you down to my neighborhood.
Nunez : Let me save you some time.
Nunez : Whatever it is, I didn't do it. LAUGHING
Beckett : And I suppose you've never heard of a Peter Cordero either.
Nunez : What about Peter?
Castle : He's dead.
Nunez : Who did this?
Castle : Well, we were thinking you...
Castle : Might be able to tell us.
Nunez : I'd never hurt Peter. He was my best friend.