UNK: Suisse Federal something.
Castle : Why couldn't he just do it himself? Why would he need you?
UNK: Said he couldn't afford to be seen at the bank. It was too risky.
Beckett : What was in the envelope?
Maria : He said something about transfer instructions.
Nunez : It was sealed, but there was a bank account number written on the outside.
Beckett : Do you remember the number?
Nunez : I wrote it down, in case something went wrong.
Nunez : I guess it did.
UNK: Not the same six-digit number that was on his hand.
Nunez : After I took the envelope to the bank,
Nunez : I called Peter at work to confirm it was done.
Nunez : That's the last time we talked.
BECKETT : Hector's alibi checks out.
UNK: He was at Lady of Mercy Nursing Home visiting his mom when Peter was killed.
Castle : Mysterious financial transactions,
Castle : a deal so dangerous he needed a gun?
Castle : Seems to me there's a lot more to your sister's star witness than she knew.
Castle : Than she knew, or than she chose to tell us about.
UNK: Sir?
UNK: Yo, I talked to the manager at Suisse Federal.
Esposito : He confirmed that a bank account with those numbers exists,
Esposito : but he refused to give out any information on it.
Gates : Did he at least acknowledge it was Peter Cordero's account?
Maria : He couldn't, because he didn't know himself.
Esposito : It's a numbered account, set up for privacy.
Esposito : So the only way that anyone can access it is with a password.
Beckett : So there's no way to know what Cordero was doing.
UNK: No.
UNK: Unless...
Castle : Six digits...
Castle : Seems kind of password-y to me.
UNK: TYPING
Beckett : Okay, read it to me.
UNK: 7-2-3-5-9-8.
Castle : Come on.
CASTLE : We're in!
Castle : Castle, you've done it again.
Gates : What's it say?
UNK: BEEPS
Beckett : The balance is zero dollars.
Beckett : Zero dollars? That doesn't seem very dangerous.
Castle : Feels like the end of a treasure hunt
Castle : where you open up the chest and it's just full of sand.
Gates : Wait. Go to the day Mr. Nunez claims he did the transfer.
UNK: March 21 st.
UNK: Oh, my God. $25 million.
UNK: Whoa! That's some expensive sand.
UNK: Looks like it came into the account the day before
UNK: at 8 : 34 in the morning.
UNK: And then Hector transferred it out.
UNK: A secret $25-million transfer that got him killed.
Gates : What the hell was Cordero into?
Lanie : All right.
Gates : - Any luck? - ESPOSITO : No.
Esposito : I just talked to the head of Suisse Federal Bank.
Esposito : Given international banking regulations,
Esposito : there's no way to tell where that money came from or where it went.
Castle : Or if the money is even Cordero's.
UNK: He could've been moving it for someone else.
BECKETT : Sir, if this transaction was somehow
Beckett : responsible for Cordero's death and we can't track it,
Beckett : then we may never be able to find his killer.
Gates : There may be another way.
UNK: - $25 million? - GATES : That's right.
Gates : And your informant went to a great deal of trouble to keep it secret.
Weston : And you have no idea where the money came from?
Gates : No, but odds are it's what got him killed.
UNK: Elizabeth,
Gates : if you know anything about this...
Weston : Of course I don't know anything about this.
Weston : SCOFFS You don't believe me.
Gates : Do you blame me?
Beckett : I didn't know.
Weston : And given the lengths he went to hide the transaction,
Weston : he clearly didn't want me to know.
Gates : Okay. Fine.
Gates : Then I'm going to need access to Peter Cordero's wire recordings.
Weston : For what?
Gates : Because there may be something on those tapes
Gates : - that's relevant to his murder. - We went through them.
Weston : If there was anything on there, we would've heard it.
Gates : Not if you weren't listening for it.
Weston : I'm sorry, Victoria, but those wire recordings
UNK: are a privileged part of a confidential investigation.