Weston : I can't give you access.
Gates : Can't, or won't?
Gates : Do you think I'm blind?
Gates : Bringing down someone as big as Berman,
Gates : you'd be able to write your own ticket.
Gates : The Mayor's Office.
Gates : Attorney General. Everything you always dreamed of.
Gates : But you need Cordero's testimony.
Gates : And if he was involved in anything dirty while acting as a witness,
Gates : it would jeopardize your whole case.
Gates : That's why you won't give us those tapes,
Gates : because you're afraid of what we might find.
UNK: Taking down a shark like Berman would send a signal to every fraudulent actor
Weston : in the financial markets.
Weston : I have to think about the greater good.
Gates : Oh, is that what you tell yourself so you can sleep at night?
Weston : You could never play the game, could you?
Weston : It's why you're stuck behind a desk
Weston : instead of running the entire force down at One PP.
Gates : I am not stuck anywhere.
Gates : And I will never, never apologize for doing my job to the letter of the law.
UNK: Now,
UNK: I'm gonna need those wire recordings.
Gates : Or do I have to go over your head?
UNK: Anything that you find, you bring it to me first.
Weston : Do you understand?
Weston : I will not have you screw up another one of my investigations.
UNK: DOOR BANGS SHUT
Castle : Let's not put her on the list.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
Ryan : SIGHS I feel bad for Gates.
UNK: My sisters could never work together.
Ryan : I tell you, when the two of them went at it... Oof!
Esposito : I wouldn't mind going at it with Gates' sister.
Ryan : Oh, yeah?
Ryan : How would you like having Gates as your sister-in-law?
UNK: What?
Esposito : I think I got something.
ESPOSITO : So, on March 21 st,
Gates : Peter Cordero's wire picked up a call from Hector Nunez
UNK: to confirm that the transfer was done.
UNK: The call came in at 9 : 25 a.m.
Castle : That's pretty much what Hector said.
Esposito : Yeah. But listen to the next two calls that Peter makes.
UNK: PETER SPEAKING SPANISH
ESPOSITO : He's saying, "I'm calling on behalf of Armando Garcia.
UNK: "I want to make sure that his money was received.
UNK: "And can you confirm the amount?"
UNK: PETER THANKS IN SPANISH
UNK: Then he says, "Thank you," and then hangs up.
UNK: Who's Armando Garcia?
UNK: I checked with JP Harding, they don't have any clients by that name.
Beckett : So it wasn't company business.
Esposito : No. Now listen to the second call.
PETER : Is he in?
UNK: It's Peter Cordero calling.
UNK: Hey, everything's taken care of. But we're running out of time.
UNK: We need to get this done in the next couple of days.
UNK: Is that gonna be a problem?
UNK: Good.
UNK: "Everything's taken care of." That must be about the $25 million.
Gates : But what exactly was getting done in the next couple of days?
Gates : And how did it get him killed?
Beckett : We need to find Armando Garcia.
Ryan : Yeah, unfortunately, it's a pretty common name.
Ryan : There are hundreds of Armando Garcias in the US alone.
UNK: It's gonna be hard to narrow it down.
UNK: Unless we can find out who he was calling.
UNK: At 9 : 25, Peter would've been at work.
UNK: He would've made those phone calls from his desk phone.
Esposito : If we can get those phone records,
Esposito : they could tell us what he was involved in.
Gates : I'll put in for a warrant. Hopefully we'll get it by morning.
CASTLE : You know, I was thinking about
UNK: Gates' sister, and it got me wondering.
UNK: Do you have any family I don't know about?
UNK: LAUGHS I don't think so.
Castle : Good. Because this "intimate" wedding of ours...
Beckett : Oh, no. You, too?
Castle : - How bad is yours? - I've got over 100.
UNK: I'm at 300 over that.
Beckett : Four hundred?
Castle : Well, to be fair, I am world famous...
UNK: Ish.
UNK: I mean, look, it's a first draft. It just needs some editing.
UNK: Just brutal, ruthless editing.
Beckett : Castle, Michael Connelly?
Beckett : You haven't seen him in over a year.
Beckett : And do you not remember what he wrote about your last book?
UNK: No. I think we got our first edit.
UNK: Uh, well, I have to invite Connelly,
Castle : because if he finds out that Jonathan Kellerman made the cut...
Castle : And I have to invite Kellerman,
Castle : because I have to invite Wes Craven and Stephen King.
Beckett : Yeah, but we've got to start somewhere.
Castle : Well, I think I know where.
Castle : Aunt Theresa?
UNK: Really?
Castle : After what she posted about me on Facebook?
Beckett : She took it down.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: What are we gonna do? We can't have 500 people at the wedding.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Hello, you two.
Castle : Ah, help has arrived in the form of a neutral third party.
Castle : Someone who was born to be brutal and ruthless.
UNK: Thank you. Thank you. A-ha.
UNK: Oh, CHUCKLES we're still working on the invite list, I see.
Castle : Yes, actually. And would you mind joining us?
Martha : Love to. Let me get my list.
Martha : Oh, you know, I had no idea how many people
Martha : I needed to invite until I wrote them all down. Hmm!
UNK: SIGHS