Castle : it's got international intrigue written all over it.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : It was just a simple passport request.
Castle : - A passport request? - DELGADO : Yes.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : That's why he called.
Beckett : What about the money?
UNK: I'm afraid I don't know anything about any money.
Castle : Really? I suppose you've never heard of Armando Garcia either.
DELGADO : Armando Garcia?
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Yes, of course I've heard of Armando Garcia.
BOTH : You have?
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : That's who I got the passport for.
Beckett : Wait, I thought that the passport was for Peter Cordero.
DELGADO : Yes,
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Peter Cordero. Armando Garcia.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : It's the same guy.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : When his aunt and uncle moved him to New York,
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : he changed his name to fit in.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : But his birth name was Armando Garcia.
Beckett : He was sending the money to himself.
UNK: And you said he was requesting a passport. A Venezuelan passport?
DELGADO : Yes, of course.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Cordero applied to reestablish his Venezuelan citizenship
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : and we were more than happy to oblige.
Castle : Under the name Armando Garcia.
Gates : That's right.
UNK: But there was something odd about his request.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : He asked to pick up the passport in Mexico City.
Beckett : Mexico City? Did he say why?
DELGADO : No.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : But he was supposed to get it yesterday at our embassy there.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : He had booked a flight from Mexico City to Caracas that night.
GATES : He was running away?
Beckett : Not just running away. Changing his identity completely.
Gates : He never intended to testify.
Gates : He was just stringing my sister along until he could escape.
Castle : All he had to do was drive to Mexico.
Castle : Once he boarded that flight to Caracas under his new identity,
UNK: paid for it with a new credit card,
Castle : Peter Cordero would cease to exist. Your sister would never find him.
BECKETT : But he wasn't going to leave empty-handed.
Beckett : So he made one last desperate deal.
CASTLE : The night he was killed,
Castle : he was preparing to disappear forever, along with the $25 million.
UNK: You don't just conjure $25 million out of thin air. It came from somewhere.
Castle : And given the circumstances, nowhere legal.
GATES : If you're right,
Gates : it'll destroy my sister's case.
Gates : All his testimony will be tainted.
Beckett : So, what do you want us to do?
Gates : Find the truth.
Castle : In order to do that, we need to know where the money came from.
Castle : And there's no way to find out.
RYAN : Uh, maybe there is.
Ryan : You know that secret Armando Garcia credit card,
Ryan : you know, the one he used to buy the plane tickets?
Ryan : We found another charge on it.
Ryan : For a computer station he rented at an Internet café.
Esposito : He was there the exact same time that $25 million showed up in his account.
UNK: So whatever he was doing there was related to the transfer.
RYAN : That café has security video.
Ryan : If we can get a look at the computer screen
Ryan : or Peter's fingers on the keyboard,
Ryan : maybe we can figure out where that money came from.
Gates : And why he was killed.
UNK: Sir, uh, you okay?
UNK: Uh, just trying to figure out how to tell my sister
Gates : her case is compromised without her blaming me.
Beckett : Why would she blame you? I mean, you're just doing your job.
Gates : There's a history.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: 1998.
Gates : I had just been made head of Internal Affairs.
Gates : Elizabeth was in the DA's Office.
Gates : We called ourselves the dynamic duo.