UNK: Come on, Elyse.
Ed : - Is she dying? - I don't know.
Cameron : She's in a coma.
House : There's only one way a tularemia patient goes into a coma...
UNK: while on I.V. chloramphenicol.
Cameron : The patient doesn't have tularemia. And then there was one.
House : Patient comes in 'cause she's sleeping too much.
UNK: It takes 10 doctors and a coma to diagnose sleeping sickness. And then there was none.
Foreman : We still have the problem of explaining how a white chick from Jersey...
Foreman : who's never traveled south of D.C. has African sleeping sickness.
UNK: Still have the obvious explanation.
Foreman : I made it clear. If this guy's lying about sleeping around he knows he's murdering his wife.
House : Does seem unlikely.
Chase : Go away.
Ed : What are you doing?
House : Checking for lymphadenopathy.
House : And waiting for you. Who are you?
House : I'm Dr. House.
Foreman : Your wife has human African trypanosomiasis.
Foreman : Sleeping sickness. You mean it's not tularemia,
Ed : a virus, tumor or... or cancer?
UNK: No.
Ed : I've never had an affair.
House : I believe you.
UNK: And I trust Elyse.
House : The treatment for this disease is a drug that's...
UNK: fatal on its own 10% of the time.
House : Which is why I need your written consent before I can legally prescribe it.
Ed : Why would she lie if she knew it could kill her? I don't ask why patients lie.
House : I just assume they all do.
Ed : But why? To protect you,
House : because she didn't think it mattered, it just seemed easier, because...
House : that's what people do.
House : If you're absolutely certain that your wife has never had sex with anyone but you...
UNK: since you were married, then I'm wrong.
House : But if you think there's a possibility that just one time...
House : she wasn't perfect...
House : One weekend you're out of town,
UNK: one fight where she ran to a friend,
House : one stupid Christmas party...
House : Then you need to allow me to start treatment.
House : Because if we don't,
House : she's gonna be dead by tomorrow morning.
House : You trust your wife that much?
Elise : I don't know.
UNK: I'm gonna start the treatment.
Foreman : Glass syringes? And special I.V. tubing.
Foreman : Why do we need this stuff? Because melarsoprol melts plastic.
UNK: This stuff's basically arsenic mixed with antifreeze.
Foreman : What doesn't kill us makes us stronger, huh?
Chase : Nietzsche wouldn't have been so glib if he'd been prescribed melarsoprol.
Foreman : "Can cause vomiting, abdominal pain,
Foreman : blood toxicity, neural damage, cardiac arrhythmia".
UNK: They forgot to say it's gonna hurt like all hell.