Foreman : She's lucky she's in a coma.
UNK: How long before we know if it's working? It's tough to say.
Cameron : It's a good sign that she hasn't gotten any worse.
Ed : Does she even know I'm here?
Cameron : She knows you're always there for her.
UNK: Yeah.
Ed : If she gets better,
Ed : it means she wasn't always there for me.
Cameron : It means she made a mistake.
Ed : I can't help it.
Ed : Part of me... a big part of me... Can't handle that.
UNK: It doesn't want her to get better.
UNK: Does that make me a terrible person?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: So you're treating her for African sleeping sickness...
Wilson : because you don't think it's possible for someone to be faithful in a relationship?
House : And you do? Yes.
House : And you need to tell me that. Look. I am not having an affair.
Wilson : I had lunch with someone I work with... at work. Once.
House : I believe you. What I don't believe is it'll be just once.
Wilson : I love my wife. You certainly love saying it.
Cameron : I'm sorry. I know you love your wife.
House : You loved all your wives. Probably still do.
UNK: In fact, you probably love all the women you loved who weren't your wife.
Wilson : You can be a real jerk sometimes, you know that? Yeah. And you're the good guy.
UNK: At least I try. As long as you're trying to be good, you can do whatever you want.
Wilson : And as long as you're not trying, you can say whatever you want. So, between us, we can do anything.
House : We can rule the world.
House : Mixing up some margaritas?
House : Mine's a double, senorita.
House : That's Portuguese, you know. Spanish.
UNK: Uh-oh.
UNK: What's goin' on?
Cameron : I'm recalibrating the centrifuge.
House : Turn around.
House : It's a very sad thing.
House : An uncalibrated centrifuge.
House : Makes me cry too. I'm not crying.
UNK: Okay.
Cameron : I told the husband he was a jerk.
UNK: Why?
Cameron : When I was in college, I...
Cameron : I fell in love, and I got married.
UNK: And...
House : At that age, the chances of marriage lasting...
Cameron : It lasted six months.
Cameron : Thyroid cancer metastasized to his brain.
Cameron : There was nothing they could do.
Cameron : I was 21, and...
Cameron : I watched my husband die.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
House : But that's not the whole story.
House : It's a symptom, not your illness.
House : Thyroid cancer would have been diagnosed at least a year before his death.
House : You knew he was dying when you married him.
UNK: It must have been when you first met him.
House : And you married him anyway.
House : You can't be that good a person and well-adjusted.
UNK: Why?
House : 'Cause you wind up crying over centrifuges.
Cameron : Or hating people?
UNK: Her fever spiked at 104.
Chase : Echo shows global hyperkinesis.
House : Blood pressure? Barely 90 over 40.
UNK: Did you give her dopamine? Started 270 micrograms per minute 10 minutes ago.
Chase : Still no change.
UNK: Killing the parasites isn't gonna do much good if we kill her heart at the same time.
Cameron : A heart can be replaced. A brain can't.
Chase : Right now we're killing both.
Chase : If she's gonna die, we should at least let her do it without that acid flowing through her veins.
Ed : What's happening?
UNK: We would've expected your wife's condition to show some improvement by now.
House : It hasn't.
House : It's going the other way.