UNK: Tribbiani. Hold on.
UNK: I'll get the plunger.
Joey : You hold on. You made my friend Rachel cry.
UNK: So you'll go and apologize to her...
Joey : ...unless you want me to call the landlord.
UNK: And tell him what?
UNK: Maybe you haven't heard of "not making girls cry."
UNK: Maybe you haven't heard of the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968.
Joey : I have actually not heard of that.
UNK: Your friends are violating it.
UNK: I've been nice until now, but I don't need this grief.
UNK: I'm telling the landlord...
UNK: ...Monica's illegally subletting her grandmother's place.
UNK: Your friends are out of here, pal.
UNK: Why don't you tell me something I don't know?
Phoebe : Somebody tell me I don't have to work today.
UNK: What's the matter?
UNK: My first massage is this incredibly gorgeous guy.
Phoebe : Every time I see him, I want to...
Phoebe : ...do things to him I can't charge for.
Monica : So do them for free.
Phoebe : No, it is forbidden.
Phoebe : Mrs. Potter fires people for messing around with clients.
UNK: And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
Ross : -They make you take an oath? -No, I made myself take one.
Phoebe : No fooling around with clients...
UNK: ...and always be prepared.
UNK: That one's from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
UNK: Why not give him to someone else?
Phoebe : No, I can handle it. I'm a professional.
Rachel : Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
UNK: You got a pedicure.
Monica : Your feet are all dressed up.
UNK: That's the only part he can see when he's on the table!
UNK: You're going to do some feet flirting!
UNK: I don't know what you're talking about.
Ross : How do you explain the toe ring?
UNK: It's Arabian Princess Day at work. Leave me alone!
Rachel : My hero! What happened?
UNK: I told him no one treats my friends like that.
UNK: And he better apologize. See you!
UNK: Wait a minute.
Monica : What did he say?
UNK: He wouldn't apologize because you're living here illegally.
UNK: Instead, he'll evict you. See you later!
Rachel : -You got us evicted? -I told you not to go down there.
Joey : He made Rachel cry!
Monica : Rachel always cries!
UNK: That's not true!
Monica : You go down there, and you suck up to him.
Monica : You suck like you've never sucked before!
UNK: All right, I'll try.
UNK: If I can't, you stay with us till you get settled.
UNK: -Go! -All right, all right.
UNK: I'll have to check first, but he'll be cool.
Ross : Remember what we talked about. You got to be strong.