UNK: l can't believe she's gonna say yes to David.
Monica : She's clearly in love with Mike.
Chandler : You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.
UNK: Could we have a bottle of champagne, please?
UNK: And l'm kind of on a budget, so if you have anything local...
UNK: ...or Canadian.
UNK: Phoebe, l have something l want to say.
UNK: Oh, God, he's gonna do it. l cannot watch this. Let's go.
UNK: l think we have time. Have you heard him talk?
UNK: ''Phoebe, l would be honored if--'' Spit it out, David!
UNK: Phoebe.
David : You're an amazing woman, and the time we spent apart was unbearable.
David : Of course, the sanitation strikes in Minsk didn't help.
UNK: Sure. Okay. Yeah.
David : But, well, now that we're together again, l don't ever want to be apart.
David : So to that end....
Phoebe : -Oh, my God, Mike. -lt's David, actually.
Phoebe : No, Mike's here.
UNK: Oh, hey, Mike.
Mike : Hi, David.
UNK: Chandler. Monic-- Oh!
UNK: lt's the humidity!
Mike : -Hi, Phoebe. -What are you doing here?
UNK: l have a question l need to ask you.
UNK: l have a question l was kind of gonna ask her myself.
UNK: Yeah, l understand, but before you do, she really needs to hear this.
UNK: Okay.
David : -Would you care for my seat as well? -Actually, yeah, that'd be great.
UNK: Well, that's fair, you've had a long trip.
UNK: Phoebe, l love you.
UNK: l've missed you so much these last few months.
UNK: l thought we were apart for a good reason...
UNK: ...but l realized that there was no reason good enough...
Mike : ...to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.
UNK: Kind of steps on the toes of what l was going to say.
UNK: l'm sorry, David, but she really has to know this.
UNK: All right, but after this, l want to see you outside.
UNK: lf it stops raining.
Monica : You're the most incredible woman l've ever met.
UNK: How could l lose you? Now, l don't actually have a ring.
UNK: -l have a ring. -l wouldn't brag about that, big guy.
UNK: But, Phoebe...
David : ...will you marry me?
UNK: No.
UNK: l love you, but l never needed a proposal from you.
UNK: l just needed to know we were headed somewhere.
Phoebe : -That we had a future. -We can have any future you want.
UNK: Okay, well, l'm gonna take off.
UNK: David, l'm so sorry. l'm sorry.
UNK: Just so l know, if l had asked first...?
UNK: Yeah, l might have said yes, but that would've been wrong.
David : Please, you don't have to explain.
UNK: l mean, perhaps if l hadn't gone to Minsk...
David : ...things would have worked out for us, and l wouldn't have ruined my career.
David : Or lost that toe to frostbite.
UNK: lt was a good trip.
UNK: -ls it okay if l hug you now? -Oh, yes.
UNK: Because of our meddling! All right?