UNK: Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Roseannadanna.
Ross : ''By using CT scans and computer imaging, we can, in a very real way...
Ross : ...bring the Mesozoic Era into the 21 st century.''
UNK: lt's great.
UNK: Yeah, you really think so?
UNK: You'll be the hit of the conference.
UNK: lt'll be even better tomorrow...
UNK: ...because l won't be constantly interrupted by Joey...
Ross : ...checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet.
Joey : -Hey, guys. -The chocolates aren't here.
Monica : Damn it!
Charlie : Ross just read me his speech. lt's fantastic.
Chandler : Oh, is it on the computer? Because l'd love to give it a read.
UNK: lf you want to check your e-mail, just ask.
UNK: What? May l?
UNK: What's with the rain, Geller? l mean, when l signed up for dino week...
Rachel : ...nobody said anything about it being monsoon season.
Charlie : -The wet season is June to December. -lt's not the time, Charlie.
Chandler : Oh, no. No, no! Dear God, no!
Joey : What, did someone outbid you for the teapot?
Joey : Secret teapot.
UNK: Your computer. l don't know what-- Everything's gone.
Ross : -What do you mean? -Must be a virus.
UNK: l think it erased your hard drive.
Ross : What? Oh, my God. What did you do?
UNK: Someone l don't know sent me an e-mail and l opened it.
Ross : -Why? Why would you open it? -Well, it didn't say, ''This is a virus.''
Ross : -What did it say? -''Nude--''
Chandler : ''Pictures of Anna Kournikova.''
UNK: -l'm so sorry. -What am l gonna do?
Ross : -My speech is gone! -lt's not gone.
UNK: l'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy?
UNK: No, l don't!
Chandler : Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now.
UNK: -lt's really gone? -Yep.
Ross : l'd like to thank you guys for coming down here...
Ross : ...to complain about the rain and ruin my career.
UNK: -l just feel awful. -Yeah, you should.
UNK: Nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? She's never even won a major tournament.
UNK: Well, l tried Billie Jean King, but--
Chandler : You know, you and Monica have the same l'm-gonna-kill-you look.
UNK: l can usually make it go away by kissing her.
Ross : Get out.
Rachel : You know, this happens all the time to my computer at work.
Ross : -What do you do? -l usually go...
Rachel : ...play Tetris on somebody else's computer.
UNK: l can't believe this is happening.
UNK: l have to give the keynote speech tomorrow.
UNK: l have to stand up in front of all these people. What am l gonna say?
UNK: You can use a speech l memorized for auditions.
UNK: l don't think your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now.
Charlie : Ross, we can solve this. l just heard your speech.
Charlie : -We can re-create it. We've got all night. -What, you really think we can do that?
UNK: Oh, wait. Joey and l are supposed to have dinner.
Joey : Don't worry about that. l mean, Ross needs you.
UNK: Rachel and l will stay and help any way we can.
UNK: All right. Okay, let's do it.
UNK: Well, l know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating.
UNK: And then l move on to what is clearly the defining moment...
Ross : ...of the Mesozoic Era, the breakup of Pangaea. Hello?
UNK: And then there's the overview of the Triassic.
Joey : Any chance any of this happened in a galaxy far, far away?