Monica : That Mike thing was interesting. l don't know what's gonna happen...
Monica : -...with Phoebe and David. -l do. Want a hint, huh?
Joey : l do.
Joey : l do.
UNK: Okay, l'm sensing this is some kind of wordplay...
Monica : ...because you are pink with barely controlled glee.
UNK: -David's gonna propose to Phoebe. -What? Why?
Chandler : Because we were talking about ways he could beat Mike...
UNK: ...and l told him Phoebe wanted to get married.
Monica : Chandler, we have talked about this.
Monica : You are not supposed to give people advice!
UNK: Couldn't you have made some inappropriate joke?
UNK: l did!
Chandler : A penis one!
UNK: Just so l know, what was so wrong about what l said?
Monica : They've only been going out for a few weeks.
Monica : Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike. l mean, she'll say no...
Monica : ...David's heart will be broken, it'll be too hard for them to recover...
Monica : ...and then Phoebe will end up alone again.
Chandler : Man, that's some bad advice.
Joey : Oh, hey. Thank God. You guys are here.
Rachel : -What's going on? -Everything is upside-down here.
UNK: lt rains all day long and nobody watches TV, and Ross is famous.
UNK: l don't want to alarm anybody...
Rachel : ...but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed.
UNK: Okay. When l go places with high humidity...
UNK: ...it gets a little extra body, okay?
Chandler : That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross.
UNK: l'll show you guys where to check in.
Monica : Oh, honey? Can you make sure we get a king-size bed?
UNK: Oh, David, get one for us too. Oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one.
Phoebe : And with mirrors on the ceiling.
Monica : And make sure our room isn't next to theirs.
Rachel : Oh, you guys are so lucky you're here with people.
UNK: l'd love to share this with someone.
UNK: Oh, honey, you have us. We love you.
UNK: Okay, which one of you is gonna sleep with me?
UNK: You know, it's just such a romantic place.
UNK: l just wish l could share it with a guy.
Phoebe : -Not Joey. -Not Joey. No.
UNK: -l was just lusting after Chandler. -Yeah, right.
UNK: So.... l'm proposing to Phoebe tonight.
UNK: Tonight?
UNK: lsn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond?
Chandler : Oh, there it is.
UNK: Yes, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think.
UNK: That's one-seventieth of a carat.
UNK: And the clarity is quite poor.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: -Monica, can l talk to you for a second? -Okay.
UNK: David's gonna propose to Phoebe tonight.
Monica : See what happens when you give people advice?
UNK: -Well, l hope you told him not to. -That would be advice!
UNK: Okay, fine. l'll handle this.
UNK: -Phoebe? -Yeah?
UNK: -l need to talk to you. -Are you leaving the Supremes?