Fox : I think that's why he went to Cuba.
Fox : He wanted to see if he could do something good.
Fox : But I guess things hadn't changed as much as he had hoped for.
Beckett : - What happened? - He had spent some time in Havana,
Fox : with the people. He came back pretty upset,
Fox : and he told me to give the tourism guys back their signing bonus.
Fox : First time I ever let a client give money back.
Fox : But I figured, you know, Cano was reneging on a military dictatorship.
Fox : These are not the people you want angry at you,
Fox : especially having defected from them 18 years ago.
Castle : He risked his life to leave.
Castle : Why would you want him to be the poster boy for the new Cuba?
Castle : I didn't.
Fox : I was just as surprised as anyone that he wanted to do it.
Fox : After everything I did to get him out back then. Have you heard this story?
Martha : - No. - You're gonna like this, Castle.
Fox : It's like one of your books. It was the '92 Olympics.
Fox : The Cubans had just won gold in Barcelona, thanks mostly to Cano.
Fox : And I wanted to get him to the States to play in the bigs.
Fox : Now, convincing him was the easy part. Getting him onto my plane?
Fox : That was the hard part. We had to get past coaches, minders,
Fox : 'cause he had his tentacles around everybody.
Fox : We were caught. Sunk. The firing squad, I kid you not,
Fox : was waiting for that kid back in Havana.
UNK: Rolex.
Fox : I gave him my shiny new Rolex, and he just looked the other way.
Fox : Just goes to show you, every socialist is a capitalist when backs are turned.
Beckett : Is it possible that he took the Cuba job because he needed the money?
Fox : Well, it's possible, yes.
Fox : God knows those guys know how to blow through money.
Fox : Plus, he has that club with Tommy that's just a money pit.
Beckett : So, in regards to the Cuba job, who else went on this trip?
Fox : Well, a couple of low-level Cuban diplomats.
Fox : I'll have Cynthia get you a list.
Beckett : So what made him go to Cuba and then what made him change his mind?
Castle : Maybe Vega worked for the State Department.
Castle : Maybe he was sent to shake hands with Fidel in a secret attempt
Castle : to release a bio-toxin into his system.
Castle : Well, the Russians sprayed sushi with radioactive polonium.
Castle : What's more far-fetched?
Beckett : Well, I just met Joe Torre,
Beckett : so I guess anything's possible.
UNK: Beckett.
Perlmutter : Cause of death was cerebral hemorrhaging, as expected.
Beckett : Any way to estimate the height of the attacker
Beckett : based on the angle of the blows?
UNK: Normally, yes, but in this case your attacker's first swing landed
Perlmutter : - a little south of his head. - How far south?
Perlmutter : - Enough to make him a soprano. - Oh.
UNK: - Should have worn a cup. - Yeah.
UNK: Lacerations around the patella suggest Mr. Vega was on his knees
UNK: - when he was hit on the head. - So, our attacker could've been anyone.
Perlmutter : Man, woman, or child. But that's not why I called.
Perlmutter : Among all the fresh bruising, we also found significant subdermal bruises
Perlmutter : that weren't quite as fresh. The contusions were all fist-sized.
Beckett : - He was in a fight. - Couple of days ago.
Castle : - What's this shape right here? - He was wearing a ring.
Perlmutter : Not just any ring.
Esposito : - Championship ring. Left hand ring finger.
Castle : Just like his old teammate, "Freight Train" Tommy Zane.
Alexis : You know, Mom's family goes all the way back to the Mayflower.
Castle : What, her persecution complex is genetic?
Alexis : Hey, those are my genes you're talking about, too.
Castle : Well, look on the bright side.
Castle : Now that you know you're genetically predisposed,
Castle : you can seek early treatment, prevent future outbreaks.
Alexis : Doesn't it bother you that you don't know who your dad is?
Castle : No. Why, does it bother you?
Alexis : It's like, I have this family tree, and there's a whole chunk of it missing.
Alexis : There's a whole part of my history that doesn't even exist.
Alexis : I mean, really, how could Gram not know?
Castle : My first year of college I went to a party, met this girl Alison.
Castle : In the space of six hours we met, we talked, we danced, we fell in love.
Castle : Next morning she was gone. I spent a year trying to find her,
Castle : but I never learned her last name. There's not a week that goes by
Castle : I don't think about her. Your Gram told me that she loved a lifetime
Castle : the night she met him.
UNK: But don't you feel like you're missing out, not knowing?
Castle : No! Oh, no, that's the beauty of the mystery.
Castle : Right now, my father could be an astronaut, a pirate, a humanitarian,
Castle : winner of the Nobel Prize. I mean, what one man could live up to all that?
Alexis : You think he ate whipped cream out of a can?
Castle : Yes. And he invented whipped cream.
UNK: Dad, you're gonna spoil your dinner.
Castle : - This is my dinner. - No.
Beckett : Mr. Zane.
Maggie : Detective Beckett. Mr. Castle.
Beckett : You're in a festive mood tonight, Mr. Zane. Honoring the dead?
Zane : Celebrating a life. The way Cano would've wanted it.
Castle : Yes, nothing says "I'm grieving" like an appletini.
Beckett : You must be the forgive and forget type, Mr. Zane,
Beckett : especially after that beating that you gave Cano a couple of nights ago.
Zane : - What are you talking about? - We found the bruises
Castle : left on Vega's body from where you hit him,
Castle : including the imprints left by your Championship ring.
UNK: Twenty-five guys have this ring.
Castle : Do they all wear it on the left-hand ring finger?
UNK: - Some of them, yeah. - Do they all have abrasions
Beckett : on that finger that are consistent with assault?
Beckett : What happened, Mr. Zane?
Beckett : Was Cano tired of dumping money into this club?
Zane : - He didn't care about the money. - Then what was it?
Castle : His wife.
Castle : - His wife? You and she were... - No, but he thought we...
Zane : Maggie was upset. Said she thought Cano was having an affair
Zane : and wanted to know if I'd seen him
Zane : - down here at the club with anybody. - What did you tell her?
Zane : - I told her no, of course. - Was that the truth?
Zae : Look, I've been through this before. Cano was having some kind of crisis.
Zae : He wasn't gonna leave her, so why tell her the truth?
Beckett : So Vega was having an affair?
Zane : I'd seen him with a girl. Young, Cuban. You know, I figured after his visit,
Zane : he was missing home. Anyway, he saw me leaving his house that night
Zane : and when he asked Maggie why I was there, she got evasive.
Castle : So, naturally, he thought she was having an affair of her own.
UNK: He came after me swinging. Took a couple shots to his ribs
Zane : to calm him down enough before I could tell him the truth.
Beckett : This girl that he was dating. Do you remember her name?
Zane : No, he never told me her name. But I might have a picture on my phone.
UNK: What is it with professional athletes and politicians
UNK: that they just can't keep it in their pants?
Esposito : They're just overgrown teenagers with delicate little egos.
Beckett : It's not that deep. It's just simple math. They just have more opportunity.
Ryan : Well, what are you saying, men are dogs?
Beckett : No, the greater the opportunity, the greater the likelihood.
Beckett : Which means the two of you have nothing to worry about.
Esposito : - Ryan has nothing to worry about. - Hey!
Beckett : Cano Vega, on the other hand...
Esposito : His wife said that he changed when he got back from Cuba.
Esposito : Maybe it wasn't Cuba. Maybe it was the girl.
Ryan : That could explain the 200 grand. Maybe he needed it for the girl.
Beckett : And why he needed to borrow money from a loan shark
Beckett : - without her finding out. But Maggie Vega did find out.
Castle : So, she decides she's not gonna take it anymore.
Castle : She considers divorce, but thought about the endless hours of scrutiny,
Castle : - the public humiliation in the media... - Not to mention that she'd only get half.
Ryan : - Assuming there's no pre-nup. - But if she kills him,
Beckett : - she gets everything. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : She knows where he's gonna be alone, at night. She goes there.
Castle : He trusts her, lets his guard down. She moves in close...