Beckett : Stands to reason that the two are connected somehow.
UNK: Yo, we just finished the search of Wade's apartment.
Esposito : We found a match of the partial shoe print.
Ryan : Yeah, but here's the weird thing. It tested positive for blood on the sole,
Ryan : but negative for blood on the rest of the shoe,
Ryan : and negative for cleaning agents.
Beckett : If Wade killed Vega, then his shoe would've been covered in blood.
UNK: So, Wade's telling the truth. He shows up after the murder,
UNK: tracks some blood outside of the park.
Beckett : While the real murderer gets blood on top of his shoe
Beckett : and leaves little or no trail behind.
Montgomery : Let's find out why Vega comes back from Cuba
Montgomery : - and suddenly needs 200 grand. - Okay.
Esposito : So where do you want to start?
Beckett : You guys look into Vega's financials, see if we missed anything.
Beckett : - Castle and I will start with Cuba. - Cuba! Good idea!
Castle : I'll bring the mojitos, you get the beach towels.
Beckett : Oh, I don't know, Castle. Me in a swimsuit under the hot, blistering sun...
Castle : I'd be happy to rub lotion on you.
Beckett : That's okay. I was actually thinking of something a little bit more local.
Beckett : Like the man who arranged the entire trip to Cuba.
Beckett : - Bobby Fox, his agent. - That's a good idea.
Castle : - But the lotion offer still stands. - No, thank you.
Castle : I have very soft hands.
Castle : What is it with professional sports?
Castle : I mean, even the agencies are on steroids.
Beckett : Well, Fox's client list is a veritable who's who of star athletes.
Beckett : 5% of their endorsements and salaries,
UNK: he could pay for half of lower Manhattan.
Castle : - Did you just use the word "veritable"? - Yes, I did.
Castle : - Sexy. - You should hear me say "fallacious."
Receptionist : Bobby Fox Agency, please hold. Can I help you?
Beckett : - I need to see Mr. Fox. - Do you have an appointment?
Beckett : - I think he can squeeze me in. Rick? Rick Castle?
Castle : Hey, Skipper! I have not seen you since the big move. How are you, Joe?
Torre : Pretty awful. I just can't believe this whole Vega thing.
Castle : I know, it's sad. And you two were friends. I'm sorry.
Torre : Yeah, he was a great kid.
Torre : He had the ability to be a Cuban Roberto Clemente.
Torre : It's just been very sad.
Castle : We're actually here to talk to Mr. Fox about it. This is Detective Kate Beckett.
Alexis : - Hi. - Beckett! Kate.
Beckett : Detective. Thank you.
Torre : Very nice meeting you.
Torre : Well, good luck on the case. And I'll say a prayer for you guys.
UNK: Thanks.
Torre : By the way, say hi to your mom for me, okay?
Castle : - Will do, Joe. - Okay.
Castle : - Smooth. - That was Joe freaking Torre!
Beckett : I gotta call my dad.
UNK: The office is over... Yeah, his office is...
UNK: He was a good guy, Cano.
Fox : He built that field because he wanted to give back.