Esposito : or Internet browser searches
Esposito : connecting him in any way, shape, or form to a Lara.
UNK: Phones are a dead-end, too. No one who called or was called by Vega
Ryan : in the last two months remembers him mentioning anyone named Lara.
Castle : Well, for a guy who's supposedly in love, he doesn't do a very good job
Castle : - keeping in touch with his girl. - Some guys are just hopeless.
Ryan : Hey, honey. Yeah, I was just thinking about you, thought I'd call you.
Ryan : Well, I just wanted to call to say I miss you. Yeah.
Esposito : Some guys are just pathetic.
Castle : Don't be jealous. He still loves you.
Beckett : Vega met with her the day before he died,
Beckett : so let's put photos out to all precincts and have uniforms canvass the area
Beckett : around the field. Maybe somebody saw her the night that he was killed.
Alexis : - Beckett. - Yes, sir.
Montgomery : - How we doing on the Cuba angle? - Nothing yet. Why?
Montgomery : Just got a call from the lieu over in Union City, New Jersey.
Montgomery : Vega was involved in a shouting match at a restaurant in Little Havana
Montgomery : with one of their regulars. Apparently the cops were called in to break it up.
Beckett : Why wasn't there an incident report?
Montgomery : Cops kept it quiet at the time at the request of the Cuban Consulate.
Castle : - Because of Vega? - No,
UNK: head of the Cuba Consulate in New York.
Beckett : He was one of the diplomats that took Vega to Cuba.
Castle : - What did they fight about? - I don't know,
Montgomery : but seeing that they were in Cuba together, I suggest you find out.
Sanchez : On the night of the 17th I was here, at the consulate.
Sanchez : You don't really think I killed Cano Vega, do you?
Beckett : Given his change of heart in Cuba, I can't imagine that the two of you
Beckett : were the best of friends.
Sanchez : You could say the same thing about most of the Cuban community here.
Castle : Yes, but how many of them ended up dead
Castle : after fighting with you in a restaurant?
Sanchez : I was minding my own business.
Sanchez : Vega was the one who decided to pick a fight with me.
UNK: Why?
Sanchez : I was in charge of his schedule in Cuba. I guess he didn't like to be told
Sanchez : what to do or where to go.
Castle : Sounds like you kept him on a pretty tight leash.
Sanchez : We did a counter-revolutionary the courtesy of allowing him back
Sanchez : on our soil. We weren't about to just let him wander around.
Beckett : So you would know better than anyone else
Beckett : - what Vega did on his trip? - It's my job.
UNK: Everyone we spoke to about Vega says he came back from Cuba
Castle : a different man. What happened to him down there?