Castle : or did you have to pay extra for that? I've heard you're a killer negotiator.
Fox : You can't possibly be serious.
Beckett : When Vega figured out what you had done,
Beckett : he called you from his club and told you to meet him.
Beckett : I think he came after you and threatened to destroy you,
Beckett : - and that's why you killed him. - It's a hell of a story, kids.
Fox : when the Cuban government was sending away people every day?
Fox : That's a hell of a tale. It's pure conjecture.
Beckett : You know what's not conjecture?
Beckett : The blood that we found on the driver's side floor mat in your car.
Beckett : That was Vega's blood.
Castle : As much as you tried to clean those $5,000 pair of shoes
Castle : you were wearing while you smashed Vega's skull in,
Castle : you didn't quite get all of it.
Fox : Hello, Cynthia. Call my lawyer. You tell him he's about to earn
Fox : the outrageous, obscene amounts of money I pay him.
Beckett : Turn around. Turn around.
Beckett : Robert Fox, you're under arrest for the murder of Cano Vega.
Castle : What's gonna happen to Lara?
Beckett : She can stay in the States for a year
Beckett : and then decide whether she wants to apply for citizenship or not.
UNK: Well, I can't imagine her staying when her last bit of family is gone.
Castle : I mean, the only person that she knew here is dead.
Beckett : Well, there is one more person that she should meet.
Maggie : So you're Lara?
Beckett : She was born in Cuba right after Mr. Vega defected.
Castle : She's not his girlfriend. She's his daughter.
Maggie : Cano had a daughter?
Lara : My father didn't know how you would like to have me here.
Lara : He had fear to tell you about me.
Esposito : It's okay.
Esposito : She says she knows her father loved you very much,
Esposito : and he didn't want to hurt you.
Esposito : And that she hoped and he hoped that together you could be a family.
Beckett : Thank you.
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : Hey, Daughter. What are you doing up so late?
Alexis : Waiting for you.
Castle : - Did I do something wrong? - No.
Ryan : I was just thinking about what you said about your dad.
Alexis : How he could be anything you imagined him to be,
Alexis : an astronaut or a pirate.
Castle : - Whipped cream inventor. - Or whipped cream inventor.
Alexis : - But there's one thing he can't be. - What's that?
Alexis : A dad. Just a regular dad. Teaching his son how to ride a bike,
Alexis : or helping him with homework, or having a catch.
Alexis : Makes me sad you didn't get to have those things.
Castle : Well, I can't miss what I didn't have.
Alexis : What if you could have it?
Castle : You have a time machine behind the kitchen counter?
Alexis : What do you say, Son? How about a game of catch with your old man?
Castle : - Yeah, I'd like that. - Good.