Quintana : but I am not a murderer!
Beckett : Are you sure about that, Mr. Quintana?
Beckett : You incited an entire community against him,
Beckett : so from where I'm standing, you might not have swung that bat,
Beckett : but that doesn't mean that you didn't kill him.
Ryan : - Well? - We'll check his alibi,
Beckett : but my gut tells me it's not him.
Castle : We should get a warrant, run his subscribers
Castle : against any hate mail that the Vegas might have gotten.
Montgomery : You sure you got no cop in the Castle family tree?
Castle : No, us Castles are mostly con artists and circus folk, sir.
Montgromery : No, I think there's a little cop in there somewhere.
Beckett : - Con artists and circus people, huh? - Yeah, and mind-readers.
Beckett : Really? So tell me what I'm thinking.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : You're... You're thinking...
Castle : You don't care and you want me to stop talking?
Beckett : - Ooh, that's uncanny. - It's in the blood.
Esposito : - Yo, Beckett? - Yeah.
Esposito : Just got back from CSU. They managed to track the blood trail
Esposito : from the killer's shoe across the park. It dead-ended at the curb.
Beckett : - So our killer was driving a car. - Yeah. The area was a little muddy,
Esposito : so we were able to pull a partial on the tire.
Beckett : - Any make and model? - Better. The tire marks are distinctive.
UNK: They'd been patched in two spots. Now, those same tire tracks
Esposito : match a car that was tagged in an aggravated assault last year.
Esposito : The assault was committed with a baseball bat by one Anton Wade.
UNK: Loan-sharking, blackmail...
Esposito : Plus assault with a deadly weapon, and two A and Bs. Assault and battery.
Castle : - I know. - Right.
Esposito : The guy's one seriously bad dude.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh, I'm sensing something here,
Castle : that this guy might just be our killer.
Beckett : Mr. Wade, we have you at the baseball field.
Beckett : Your car was at the crime scene, not to mention your unfortunate history
Beckett : of hitting people with baseball bats. All of that's enough to send you away,
Beckett : so you can play dumb or you can play ball.
Castle : Pun intended.
Wade : All right, I was there, but I didn't kill him. He was already dead.
UNK: And you were just paying the corpse a visit?
UNK: He called me and asked me to meet up with him,