Alexis : - That must be Beckett. - How did you know?
UNK: It's after 10 : 00, on a weekday. Who else is it gonna be?
Castle : Oh, she is good.
Martha : - Brilliant. - Castle. I knew it was you.
UNK: Victim is Hispanic male, mid-30s.
UNK: A local spotted him when he was out walking his dog around 10 : 30.
UNK: His wallet's missing. If it was a robbery, I'd bet my week's salary
UNK: that the killer didn't know who he was rolling.
UNK: - You ID'd him without a wallet? - Unfortunately.
Castle : - You know the guy? - Everybody in New York knows the guy.
Beckett : Cano Vega. The baseball player.
UNK: Yeah. - Cano Vega? Are you sure?
Esposito : He was my first-round draft pick in my fantasy league
Esposito : three years running, .314 batting average, four Gold Gloves,
Esposito : and one Championship ring.
Beckett : I almost caught one of his homers once. He just came to the States from Cuba
Beckett : and my dad took us out to the bleachers over at Shea.
Castle : I didn't know you were a baseball fan.
Beckett : It's genetic, on my dad's side.
Beckett : He's been taking me to games since I was three.
Esposito : Yeah, mine, too.
UNK: How about you, Castle? Your dad a baseball fan?
Castle : - I really can't say. - Castle is famously fatherless.
Esposito : What, were you adopted or something?
Martha : - No. - Then how do you...
Castle : It's complicated.
UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : Not that complicated.
UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : Someone used his head for batting practice.
UNK: Thirty-six ouncer to the back of the head.
UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : By the look of the spatter, he was hit multiple times.
Beckett : - Time of death? - From his temperature,
UNK: M.e. Perlmutter : I'd say two, maybe three hours at the most.
Beckett : - What's with all this bruising? - Post-mortem. From the balls.
Esposito : Pitching arm. Ran for a while after he was dead.
Castle : So, you'd think a guy like Cano Vega
Castle : would have a batting cage in his basement.
Castle : What would he be doing in a sketchy neighborhood in Spanish Harlem
Castle : at this hour of the night?
Esposito : Maybe because it's Cano Vega Field.
Esposito : Local uniforms said that he built it for the community.
Esposito : - Wanted to give something back. - So, our killer hit him from here.
Castle : And he got blood on his shoe.
Beckett : Have CSU run a sweep, see if anything tracked outside of the field.
UNK: Right. So, your dad.
UNK: Yeah, I bet your mom was kind of wild back in the day.
Castle : - You really need to stop talking now. - Sorry. Done.
Beckett : A big, athletic guy is swinging a two-and-a-half foot club.
Beckett : - He couldn't have been that easy to kill. - Unless he didn't see it coming.
UNK: Bobby Fox : On behalf of the Vega family, I want to thank all of Cano's loyal fans
UNK: Bobby Fox : for their love and support. In this time of great sadness,
UNK: Bobby Fox : we ask that you please respect this family's privacy.
Reporter : Mr. Fox, who else...
UNK: Twelve years of marriage, all they want from me is a sound bite.
Beckett : I'm very sorry about your loss, Mrs. Vega.
Beckett : Do you know why he'd be in the park last night?
Maggie : Sometimes he'd go there to blow off steam, but never at night.
Castle : Do you know where he was earlier in the evening?
UNK: Tommy Zane : He was at my club. - Thanks.
Maggie : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle, Tommy Zane, Cano's old teammate.
UNK: It'd be hard to be a New Yorker and not know "Freight Train" Tommy Zane.
Tommy : - So you guys got any leads? - We're looking into it.
Beckett : Mr. Zane, you said that Mr. Vega was at your club last night?
Tommy : Our club, actually. Cano and I owned it with a couple of other players.
Beckett : Do you know about what time?
UNK: Dropped by about 7 : 00. Left about 7 : 30.
UNK: I didn't really see him, I was with a friend.
UNK: Excuse me. Yes?
Beckett : Mrs. Vega, do you know of anyone who would've wanted to hurt your husband?
Maggie : Used to be everybody loved him, especially in the Cuban community.
Beckett : - What changed? - The trip.