Wilson : Sam's boss is doing a clinical review of all of her files,
Wilson : and she just wanted to make sure
UNK: everything's in order before he starts on Monday.
House : Which explains why Sam is too busy to look at my file.
Wilson : If I don't help her, she can't go to the wedding, and...
Wilson : We fell in love at her cousin's wedding,
Wilson : which is why I want to propose to her at a wedding.
Wilson : And now, you have 60 seconds to berate me for that
Wilson : and for helping my girlfriend with her homework.
House : You don't want to propose at a wedding.
House : Emotions running high, people on edge.
UNK: You want to try somewhere like a Buddhist temple or an aquarium,
House : or a Buddhist aquarium.
UNK: That only took 10 seconds.
House : You can spend the rest of the time on my file.
UNK: Rachel?
Taub : Hey. How long before you're home?
Taub : Hey. Hey.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yeah, you left your laptop on.
UNK: I saw you today, at the hotel.
Rachel : Were you checking up on me?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Satisfied?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Good.
Taub : That's it?
Rachel : You said you're satisfied, that's enough.
Taub : You're not wondering why it started,
Taub : that makes me think you don't want to talk about this,
UNK: which makes me think...
Rachel : You're being paranoid.
Taub : You took your cell phone with you into the bathroom
Taub : when you took a shower this morning.
Rachel : I made a new friend, online.
Rachel : In a support group.
Taub : A guy?
UNK: Yes.
Taub : Support group for what?
Rachel : For people with unfaithful spouses.
Masters : Why didn't you tell us you were starving yourself?
Ramon : Well, I wasn't trying to.
Ramon : I'm on a tight budget and it seemed like an okay diet.
UNK: You seem to be feeling better.
Ramon : Not really, my legs are killing me.
Masters : How bad is the pain?
UNK: On a scale of one to 10, 10 being the worst.
UNK: Nine and a half.
Masters : Then why are you smiling?
Ramon : I'm not smiling.
Foreman : Leg pain and pseudo bulbar affect.
Foreman : He's feeling one emotion while unknowingly expressing another one.
House : Classic neurohecatia.
UNK: Two days of anticholinergics and you'll be walking out of here.
UNK: Really?
House : No. I just made that up to see your reaction. Diagnostic test.
House : This is awesome.
House : 33-year-old carpenter presenting narcissism,
House : delusions of grandeur and hallucinations.
Taub : He hasn't had hallucinations.
House : I'm not talking about him, I'm talking about him, with a capital O-M-G.
Chase : You want us to do a differential diagnosis on Jesus?
Masters : Hears voices, thinks he's the son of God, probably schizophrenic.
House : I think you offended him.
Taub : You're saying the patient's religious extremism could be a symptom?
Foreman : A neuro disorder could explain all his delusions.
House : Get an MRI of his brain. Let's see if we can find God.
Cuddy : Heard you got the daughter's file. Patient change his mind?