Cuddy : I'm a sucker for the white gown.
House : Traditionally for young, first-time brides.
Cuddy : Well, I may not be young but I'd be first-time.
House : That is a lie.
House : You were married before. In 1987, for six days.
House : Your knowledge of New Jersey divorce law made me suspicious,
House : so I looked it up.
Cuddy : So this was all your trap?
House : Trap's primitive, I prefer inveiglement.
House : Anyway, the point is, I lied to you, you lied to me, I forgive you.
Cuddy : Well played.
Sam : You're tired, aren't you? All those files.
Wilson : No, no, I was thinking...
Wilson : I mean, if those two even have the slightest chance of making it,
UNK: then we have to be a sure thing.
UNK: And we've already made all our mistakes.
UNK: And...
Wilson : I've come to realize that I love you
Wilson : even more than I thought I did.
Wilson : Sam, will you marry me again?
Sam : Wow. I don't even know what to say.
Wilson : I have a suggestion.
Sam : Where did this even come from? When did you...
Sam : You just came to realize?
Sam : What made you love me even more?
Wilson : Everything you've done, your work, your sense of morality.
Wilson : The five cases.
Wilson : I not only agree with what you did, I admire it.
Sam : I didn't do anything. You already asked me
Sam : about the files and I told you the truth.
Wilson : I know, and I get it.
Sam : You don't believe me.
Wilson : I believe that you are a wonderful person.
Sam : Who lies and cheats.
Wilson : No, Sam.
UNK: Listen, I'm on your side.
Sam : I can't believe this.
Wilson : What? Sam. Sam, don't do this.
House : So how many do you think?
Foreman : At least three.
UNK: Hat-trick Chase.
UNK: See? Life of the bachelor. All of the sex, none of the guilt.
Taub : It's not over, okay? I just really miscalculated.
Taub : I thought she'd forgiven me for everything
UNK: but all those hurt feelings, they never really went away.
House : That makes a lot more sense.
Wilson : Ignore him, he just got an idea.
House : I have one more test to run.
UNK: Uh, I hate weddings.