UNK: What have you got against chickens?
House : One got choked last night, thanks to you.
Cuddy : 33-year-old male with haemoptysis, fever.
UNK: We can't even talk about it?
UNK: If you can't apologize, we can't talk. And puncture wounds.
House : I'm not apologizing for doing the right thing.
Cuddy : Lying to me was not the right thing.
Cuddy : Puncture wounds are from a crucifixion.
House : I lied to save my patient's life.
House : I didn't lie to you, I lied to my boss.
House : Either of those arguments working yet?
House : Guess that means I don't have to go to the wedding on Saturday.
Cuddy : The hospital's chairman of the board?
Cuddy : I'm not gonna stand him up and neither are you.
House : I loathe weddings and their seven levels of hypocrisy.
House : But you do seem awfully hissy,
UNK: and there's an outside chance I can get you drunk and score.
House : So as long as you don't take it as an admission of guilt,
House : sure, count me in.
House : Bit too much honesty?
Cuddy : You're also going to the rehearsal dinner Friday night.
Cuddy : Dressy casual.
UNK: House-keeping.
House : Either you're crazy or you're atoning for something naughty.
House : And you're crazy.
Masters : He's a doctor.
Ramon : I'm not atoning for anything.
House : That answers that, thanks.
Ramon : My Marisa was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer, stage IV glioblastoma.
Ramon : When the doctors said she had two months to live,
Ramon : that's when I made my bargain.
House : With your health insurance carrier?
Ramon : With God.
UNK: Oh!
Ramon : I told him I would nail myself to a cross every year he kept her alive.
House : So how did that negotiation go?
House : You lowballed with ear piercing and God countered?
Ramon : Three weeks later, she was cancer-free. That was four years ago.
House : Pontius Pilate, misunderstood oncologist.
UNK: Yeah. My ex-wife thinks I'm crazy, too.
Ramon : She moved out the first time I did this.
House : At least your daughter has one viable role model.
Marisa : - You don't believe in God? - I did.
House : Then I grew my curly hairs.
Marisa : So how do you think I was cured?
House : Maybe you were misdiagnosed in the first place.
Ramon : You have your answer, Doctors. We have ours.
House : Causal determinism, we are hardwired to need answers.
UNK: The caveman who heard a rustle in the bushes
UNK: and checked out to see what it was
House : lived longer than the guy who assumed it was just a breeze.
House : The problem is,
House : when we don't find a logical answer, we settle for a stupid one.
House : Ritual is what happens when we run out of rational.
Chase : If you're done mocking him, we need to prep for an LP.
House : Good. Another hole in him should really make God's day.
House : Why are you late?
House : Your next dental appointment isn't until January
House : and you just saw your GP eight days ago.
House : Think stage IV glioblastoma in an eight-year-old
UNK: can disappear in three weeks?
Wilson : Had a flat tire. Your patient has cancer?
UNK: Your tires have got less than 5,000 miles on them.
House : No, and neither does my patient's daughter.
Wilson : I hit a piece of rebar near a construction site.
House : In three weeks? It's highly unlikely.
House : There's no construction site between here and your home.
House : I agree, I think it was a misdiagnosed cyst.
Wilson : But there is one between here and my dry cleaner.