Castle : Right there.
Castle : The victim's blue backpack.
Castle : You were right.
UNK: Eric must've stashed it here before he was killed.
Beckett : Yeah, but what was he trying to hide
Beckett : that he didn't want anyone to find?
Beckett : Bloody clothes?
Castle : With bullet holes.
Lanie : Here's what I can tell you.
Lanie : The guy who wore these clothes was about six feet,
Lanie : maybe 180, 200 pounds.
UNK: What about his injuries?
Lanie : Two shots to the back. Both bullets exited the front of his body.
Lanie : Based on where he was hit and the amount of blood,
Lanie : he probably didn't survive.
Esposito : So did any stiffs come in with those kinds of wounds?
Esposito : Minus his clothes, of course.
Lanie : No, I already checked.
Beckett : Can you tell when he was shot?
Lanie : Blood coagulation says it was within the last two days.
Esposito : Eric missed work two days ago,
UNK: and his Hytch app showed that he went to that surgical suite in Queens.
UNK: So then maybe this was one of his mob patients.
Castle : He wasn't. At least, not according to Dino.
Castle : No recent gunshot wounds in the family,
Castle : and Eric hadn't treated anyone in the past week.
UNK: Then Eric must've treated someone else,
Beckett : someone not connected to the Carluccis.
Beckett : Could that mean that Eric operated
Beckett : on someone from another family?
Castle : If he did, and said mobster is dead or missing,
Castle : then perhaps Detective McBride has heard about it.
Lanie : Meantime, I'll run DNA to see
Lanie : if this blood matches anyone in the system.
UNK: Thanks, Lanie.
Esposito : Hey, hey. Hey.
Esposito : So what's the game plan to survive dinner with your parents?
Lanie : I don't know. We barely survived five minutes with them.
UNK: Well, what if they ask us where we wanna live?
Esposito : When we want kids?
UNK: They gonna see right through us.
Esposito : Maybe we should come clean.
Lanie : Javi, I can't come clean.
Lanie : If I come clean, I will never hear the end of this.
Lanie : Look, you met them, you kept your promise.
Lanie : You can skip dinner.
Lanie : I'll say something came up, like a dead body.
Esposito : No way.
Esposito : I can't be the kind of fiance that bails
Esposito : on the one time your parents were in town.
Esposito : I have to go. We're engaged.
Lanie : We're not engaged.
Esposito : But we could be.
UNK: Someday.
Esposito : And I don't want them to hate me then because I skipped out now.
Mcbride : So I asked around about the other crime families,
Mcbride : looked into who might've gone missing
Mcbride : or taken a bullet the last few days.
Mcbride : I think I got your guy.
UNK: 6' 1", 190 pounds.
UNK: He'd fit in those clothes.
Beckett : Luca Tessaro? Of the Tessaro crime family?
Mcbride : Yeah, and the family's beating the drums
Mcbride : because Luca disappeared three days ago.
Castle : Aren't the Tessaros and the Carluccis rivals?
UNK: No, more like sworn enemies.
Mcbride : Which could be why things went bad for your doctor.
Mcbride : You don't cross family lines.
Beckett : What do we know about Luca's disappearance?
Mcbride : Well, three nights ago, 911 got reports
Mcbride : of shots fired near his neighborhood.
Mcbride : Officers responded.
Mcbride : They didn't find anything, but Luca hasn't been seen since.
Beckett : Thank you, Detective.
Mcbride : Whatever you need.
Beckett : Why would Eric treat Luca Tessaro, a member of a rival family?
Castle : See, this is the beauty of me being mobbed-up.
Castle : Temporarily. I can go straight to the source and ask Dino.
UNK: Castle, just be careful.
Beckett : If Eric treated a Carlucci enemy, then Dino had motive.
UNK: Dino is not gonna ask me to investigate
UNK: if it's gonna lead back to his doorstep.
Castle : I shall return with answers.
Beckett : The boys and I will check the area where those shots were fired.
Beckett : Maybe officers missed something.
Ryan : Well, if unis missed something, I'm not finding it.
Beckett : All five 911 callers said they heard shots near this underpass,
Beckett : so if Luca Tessaro was killed here,
UNK: there's gotta be evidence.
Ryan : Assuming he's really our victim.
Esposito : He definitely is. Lanie just texted.
Esposito : Luca Tessaro's in the system
Esposito : and the prelim DNA markers
UNK: from the bloody clothes are a match.