UNK: Dino.
Dino : What news do you have for me, Rick?
Dino : Who killed Eric?
Dino : You come in here,
Dino : to my house of business,
Dino : and accuse my daughter of not one but two murders?
UNK: Not accuse, as much as...
Castle : Perhaps she's a person of interest.
Dino : You think I don't know what that means?
Dino : You disappoint me, Rick.
Dino : I came to you.
Dino : I put my faith in you.
Dino : I thought we had an understanding.
Castle : We did.
Castle : We do. Look, you're the last...
UNK: Whoa, whoa.
UNK: Dino, what are you doing?
UNK: I don't tolerate lies, Rick.
Castle : Dino... Hey...
Castle : Hey, we're family, remember?
Dino : That's right.
Dino : You never disrespect family.
Castle : Who disrespects you?
Castle : I respect you, Dino!
Castle : I respect the hell out of you!
UNK: Dad, I heard Mr. Castle had information on Eric's killer.
UNK: Oh. What's going on?
Dino : Step out, Jane. I'm conducting business.
Castle : Dino, ask her. Ask her. You at least owe me that much.
Castle : If she's guilty, you need to know.
UNK: Otherwise, you can't protect her.
Jane : Guilty? Guilty of what?
Castle : Luca Tessaro's murder.
Castle : Police found your bracelet where he was shot.
Dino : Jane, you tell him.
Dino : Tell him you weren't there, Jane. You better tell him.
Dino : Tell him! Jane, tell him!
Jane : Daddy, I'm sorry! I was.
Jane : But I didn't kill him.
Jane : I was trying to save him.
Jane : Save him?
Jane : Dad, Luca and I,
Jane : we were in love.
Dino : You were in what? After what he did to you?
Jane : That story about him coming onto me, I made it up.
Dino : Made it up? What do you mean you made it up?
Jane : What was I supposed to say?
Jane : That I was in love with a Tessaro?
Jane : If either family knew our secret,
Jane : we could never be together.
UNK: Daddy?
Dino : I'm processing this news.
Dino : Jane, uh, what happened that night?
Jane : Luca called me, gasping for breath.
Jane : He'd been shot.
Jane : By the time I got to him, he was unconscious, dying.
Jane : He needed help, so I dragged him into my car.
Jane : That's probably how I lost my bracelet.
Castle : So you called Eric?
Jane : I didn't know what else to do.
Jane : Eric told me to meet him at the surgery room.
Jane : He did everything in his power to save Luca,
UNK: but he couldn't.
Dino : Which explains Eric's murder.
Dino : If the Tessaros found out Eric was involved with Luca's death,
UNK: they would've retaliated.
UNK: What did they know, Jane?
Jane : Nothing. Eric got rid of the body and the clothes,
Jane : so nothing could lead them to our family.
Castle : Jane, did Luca tell you on the phone
Castle : who shot him? Who wanted him dead?
Jane : No, but last week,
Jane : he said something was up with the Tessaros.
Mcbride : Somebody was making a power grab,
Jane : and he was trying to find out who.
Dino : I swear, if the Tessaros killed my Eric,
Dino : we're going to war.
Beckett : Lovers from rival families?
UNK: Oh, that sounds like Romeo and Juliet.
Castle : Right down to Eric as the apothecary.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Jane's alibi checks out.
Esposito : Doorman places her at home during Eric's murder.
Beckett : What about the street cams in the area
Beckett : around Luca Tessaro's shooting?
Esposito : We looked. There's no cameras out that way.
UNK: Ugh. Which means we're dead in the water.
Castle : Which means I could be dead in the water.
Castle : If one of the Tessaros killed Luca and Eric,
Castle : we need to figure out who it was.
UNK: Well, unless you got a bud in that family, too,
UNK: they're not gonna talk.
Ryan : Luckily, a credit card just did the talking.
Ryan : Remember those hot numbers that Eric got from Rita?
UNK: Well, someone just used one of 'em to order a pizza for delivery.
UNK: It's the killer. He must've got the cards off Eric's body.
Beckett : Delivery to where?
Ryan : To a tile import business owned by Luca's cousin, Dante Tessaro.
Ryan : And with Luca out of the way,
Ryan : Dante becomes heir apparent to the Tessaro Family.
Beckett : This tile business, what's the address?