UNK: That's so romantic. I wanna hear all about the courtship.
Lanie : I just wish we had time for all of that. Right.
Lanie : But, you know, with us having to get back to work,
Lanie : and you having to catch your plane... Yeah.
Walter : Actually, I just got a text that our flight's been delayed till tomorrow.
Walter : So why don't we all go out and have dinner a little later?
UNK: Ohhh!
UNK: Yes, that sounds great, Walter.
UNK: I mean, Dad.
Christopher : You sure he's good?
Christopher : Ask your questions. I'll tell you what I know.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : So Dino says you were set up.
UNK: So who'd wanna frame you?
UNK: I'm his right-hand man.
UNK: I know 50 guys who'd slit my throat like that.
Christopher : But they'd kill me.
UNK: Not one of 'em would frame me.
UNK: Richard Castle : All right, then let's talk about Eric.
UNK: Eric, uh, recently had some concerns.
Castle : Concerns that someone was after him?
Christopher : Not exactly, uh...
Christopher : See, Eric being our doctor, we kept that secret.
UNK: You know, so he could have a life outside the family.
Christopher : But I guess he was afraid that his secret got out,
Christopher : because a few days ago, he comes to me and he asks a favor.
UNK: What kind of a favor?
Beckett : He wanted phone-tap detectors.
Christopher : You know, tracing equipment.
Christopher : He thought he was being watched.
Castle : By whom? I don't know.
UNK: You know, at the time, I thought he was just being paranoid.
Christopher : But I wanted to be safe,
UNK: so I hooked him up with Cyber Rita.
Rita : Are you morons ready?
Rita : I'm cutting the alarm in three, two, one.
UNK: Bam.
Rita : Yeah, I helped the doc.
Castle : Well, did Eric tell you who he thought was watching him?
Rita : What are you talking about?
Castle : When he asked for the counter-surveillance equipment.
Rita : That's not what he asked me for.
Castle : It isn't?
Rita : No, Christopher called me and told me
Rita : to give Eric whatever he needed.
Rita : So I did.
Castle : And what did Eric need?
Rita : Well, it sounds like Eric told Christopher one thing and me another.
UNK: So I'm not gonna say another word
Rita : until I'm sure that Lurch over there
UNK: isn't gonna have me sleepin' with the fishes.
Castle : Lurch, would you... Rocco, I mean, could you...
Rita : He wanted hot credit cards.
Castle : Stolen credit cards? What for?
Rita : So he could buy things and not have to pay for them.
Castle : Thank you. That's...
Rita : I gave him a dozen.
Rita : So each is good for about two grand before it needs to be tossed.
Castle : Did Eric say why he needed $24,000?
Rita : Maybe for wheels.
Rita : He asked if he could use the card
UNK: to access a Swipe-N-Go car rental,
UNK: but I told him he was definitely gonna need a fake ID to go with the card.
UNK: Okay, could you email me those credit card numbers
UNK: so I could see if he used them? Yeah.
UNK: Oh. Ah!
Rita : Which of you idiots just triggered the security door?
Castle : Stolen credit cards, a possible getaway car?
Beckett : It sounds like Eric was about to go on the run.
Castle : Only the killer got to him first.
Beckett : Okay, so if Christopher didn't kill him, then who did?
Castle : Maybe whatever Eric was charging
Castle : on those cards could give us a lead.
UNK: Unfortunately, the cards are a bust.
Ryan : I ran the numbers. No recent activity.
Castle : Did we ever find those cards?
Ryan : No, not in his hospital locker,
UNK: or in his apartment, or on his body.
UNK: Hmm, maybe the killer took them.
Ryan : Well, I'll have Tory monitor the numbers, see if any activity pops.
Esposito : Think I got a lead.
Ryan : So we're really thinking that this killer
Castle : is not Christopher Carlucci, right?
UNK: Yes. Maybe.
UNK: No.
Esposito : Oh, come on, the guy is guilty.
Esposito : Nobody thought otherwise
Esposito : until Castle over here started moonlighting for the mob.
Castle : I think that might be overstating it a little.
Esposito : You took a blood oath.
Esposito : You let them turn you into an honorary mobster.
Esposito : What's wrong with you?
Ryan : Come on, man.
Ryan : How many people outside of the mafia
Ryan : ever get to swear Omerta?
Ryan : I think it is an experience of a lifetime.
Esposito : Of course you would.
UNK: But didn't you say you had a lead? Yeah.
Esposito : The lab was able to identify the crystals that Lanie found on Eric's sleeves.
Esposito : They're made up of sodium ferrocyanide
Esposito : mixed with sodium chloride, which means...
Castle : It's road salt.
Castle : It hasn't snowed in weeks.
Castle : So why would Eric be literally up to his elbows in salt?
Esposito : I don't know, but there are only four salt depots on the island,
UNK: and one of 'em happens to be within three blocks of our crime scene.
Beckett : The blue backpack.
Ryan : We searched for it, we never found it.
Beckett : That's because just before Eric died, he hid that bag.
Castle : The salt depot.
Castle : Man, the places we go to follow a lead.
Castle : But if it points to our killer, it's worth it indeed.
Beckett : If that's you trying to help me with my poem,
Beckett : then it's not working.
UNK: Right over here. This is where Eric gained access.
Castle : Wait, is that the uh...