UNK: Richard Castle : All right, ladies of the Castle household,
UNK: Richard Castle : just a reminder that your portion for the holiday poem
UNK: Richard Castle : is due in less than 72 hours.
UNK: Alexis Castle : I just have to do a polish.
Castle : I can't wait to see it. How's yours coming along?
Castle : Are you ready for your big debut
Castle : in the Castle family Christmas card?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, absolutely.
UNK: Gonna be the best year ever. Yeah.
Castle : So excited!
Beckett : You guys, I completely forgot.
Beckett : He said that it wasn't a big deal,
Beckett : but I think it actually kind of is.
Alexis : It's a very big deal.
Alexis : We even get a little competitive.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I started working on mine in July.
Alexis : Welcome to the family. Yeah.
Beckett : So what do I have to do again?
Alexis : Write six funny, poignant, eloquent lines
Alexis : describing highlights of the past year for you.
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Alexis : And they must rhyme. Yeah.
Beckett : What word rhymes with "I'm screwed"?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : It's just that rhyming isn't exactly my thing.
UNK: This coming from the woman who skipped prom
Castle : to crash a poetry slam.
Beckett : Spoken word, Castle.
Beckett : That's a totally different jam.
Beckett : I mean, I could write a haiku for you instead.
UNK: No, that's against the rules.
Beckett : Since when do you follow rules?
Castle : Since I'm the one who made them.
Castle : You should probably get me your first draft
Castle : by the time we get to the precinct holiday party.
Beckett : That's two days away!
Castle : See? Plenty of time.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
UNK: So get ready for a murder with a little holiday spirit.
UNK: It went down around 10 : 30 p.m.
UNK: Witnesses saw a black Mustang, no plates,
UNK: chasing after this guy.
UNK: This was a drive-by?
UNK: But he looks like he was shot close range.
Esposito : Yeah, and the shooter capped him in the head to finish him off.
Beckett : So this wasn't random.
Beckett : Did anyone get a good look at the assailant?
Esposito : Yeah, when he drove by like a bat out of hell.
UNK: Fuzzy red hat, big white beard.
UNK: Seriously? Our killer is Santa Claus?
Esposito : Three witnesses, all told the same story.
Castle : Guys, squeezing down countless chimneys?
Castle : Delivering millions of presents in one night?
UNK: It was bound to happen.
Castle : Santa finally cracked.
UNK: Or our victim was naughty instead of nice.
UNK: That's tasteless.
Beckett : Or our killer just wore a Santa suit because
UNK: that was the perfect disguise at this time of year.
Beckett : So what do we know about the victim?
UNK: His name's Eric Mercer, lives in Midtown.
UNK: His hospital ID says he was an ER doctor at Saint Simon's.
Beckett : Do we know where he was coming from?
Esposito : Not yet, but he bought a latte at a coffee shop
Esposito : six blocks away from here
Esposito : before our gun-toting Saint Nick came after him.
Esposito : And the barista there said that Mercer was carrying a blue backpack.
Esposito : But witnesses who saw Mercer running
Esposito : said there wasn't any backpack.
Beckett : Okay, let's set up a search from here to that coffee shop.
Beckett : That backpack may contain clues as to why he was killed.
UNK: Well, maybe the last person that Mercer talked to
UNK: Kevin Ryan : can shed some light on that.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Ten minutes before he was shot,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Eric Mercer called someone at Saint Simon's Hospital.
UNK: Dr. Deb Lander : That was me. I just talked to Eric a few hours ago.
UNK: Dr. Deb Lander : I'm sorry, this is just such a shock.
Beckett : How did he seem when you talked?
Deb : A little on edge, I guess. Like he was in a hurry.
Castle : Did he say why?
Deb : I assume it was his uncle.
Deb : His uncle has cancer and lives alone.
Deb : Eric tried to be there for him.
Deb : He missed work last night, too.
Beckett : Do you know his name? Edward, I think.
Deb : Edward Mercer.
Deb : Maybe he knows why this happened to Eric.
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: What you got for me, girl?
Lanie : I found these on the arm of the vic's jacket.