Lanie : Some kind of tiny crystals.
Esposito : Could they be from the Christmas decorations that he landed on
Esposito : after he crashed through the window?
Lanie : No, these are mineral crystals.
Lanie : Hopefully the lab can ID them.
Esposito : Hang on.
Esposito : You always call me down here after the lab results are in.
Esposito : Which leads me to believe that you may have some ulterior motives.
UNK: Javi, I wanna ask a little favor.
Esposito : Anything you need.
UNK: So my parents barely ever leave Louisiana,
Lanie : and they're flying out to Paris tomorrow,
UNK: and they have a last-minute layover in New York.
Lanie : They want us all to get together.
Esposito : So it's, uh, meet the parents?
Lanie : Are you okay with that?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, why wouldn't I be?
Esposito : That's not even really a favor,
UNK: that's just me stepping up.
UNK: Hmm-mmm.
Lanie : See, I didn't get to the favor part yet.
UNK: What?
Esposito : You didn't?
Lanie : See, um, my parents...
UNK: My... My parents kind of think we're engaged.
Esposito : Why do they think that?
Lanie : Well, you and I were on-again, off-again,
UNK: and they just got so worried about their unmarried daughter that...
Esposito : So you told them we got engaged?
Lanie : I didn't mean to, it just popped out.
Esposito : Now, how does something like that just pop out?
Lanie : I wanted them to stop bugging me.
Lanie : I'm sorry, Javi, but once I said it, there it was.
Lanie : And now here they are.
Esposito : So the first time I meet your parents,
Esposito : you're asking me to lie to them?
Lanie : I'll be lying to them too, but I've been doing it longer.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Can I just bring 'em down to the precinct
Lanie : to say hello?
Lanie : And you could just pretend for 10 minutes.
Lanie : I'll make it worth your while.
Esposito : Yeah, yeah, I can do that.
Beckett : So we looked into Eric's family history,
Beckett : contacts in his phone and computer.
UNK: He does not have an uncle named Edward Mercer.
Beckett : In fact, he doesn't have an uncle at all.
Castle : Then why did he miss his shift? And where did he go?
Ryan : I may have an answer to that.
Ryan : It turns out that Eric
UNK: used the Hytch rideshare app
Ryan : to catch a ride to an address in Queens tonight,
Ryan : a couple of hours before he was killed.
Ryan : In fact, he took numerous trips to that same address,
Ryan : which line up with shifts that he missed at the hospital.
Beckett : And what's at this location?
Castle : Certainly not Uncle Edward.
UNK: Offices. It's an office building
Ryan : owned by Evergreen Sanitation NYC.
Beckett : Are you sure about that?
Beckett : Evergreen Sanitation NYC is a known front for organized crime.
Castle : Why would Eric Mercer be visiting a mob-owned building?
Beckett : Let's head to Queens and find out.
Beckett : No placards, no names. It's like this whole place is unoccupied.
Castle : And yet Eric missed work to come here.
UNK: Repeatedly. Yeah.
Beckett : Oh, excuse me, sir. NYPD. Could you help...
Beckett : Wait, sir, could you please just help us? We...
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : This is a surgical suite.
Beckett : Owned by organized crime.
Esposito : Eric Mercer wasn't just a doctor,
Castle : he was a mob doctor.
UNK: Detective Mcbride : I've worked Organized Crime 16 years,
UNK: I know most of the players.
UNK: Detective Mcbride : But this guy? No.
UNK: Well, we believe that he might have been a family doctor
Beckett : for whoever controls Evergreen Sanitation NYC.
UNK: Yeah, that's the Carlucci Family.
Mcbride : They've been moving up the charts
Mcbride : since Dino Scarpella took over.
Mcbride : But I didn't know that they had a doctor.
UNK: Whoa, uh, Dino Scarpella? I know that guy.
UNK: Seriously?
Castle : Yeah, he helped me with research for a Derrick Storm novel,
Castle : but back then he was just a mid-level guy.
Beckett : Detective McBride, if Eric was a doctor for the Carlucci Family,
Beckett : do you have any idea why he would've been targeted?
Mcbride : I haven't heard anything, if that's what you're asking me.
Mcbride : But, uh, the way he was killed,
Mcbride : sounds like somebody was sending a message.
Castle : Where would we find Dino Scarpella?
UNK: Uh, his main offices are over in Queens.
Mcbride : It's a strip club called Cica Cica Boom Room. Why?
Castle : Well, we should go talk to him.
Castle : Dino knows me. He likes me.
Castle : If Eric was his mob doctor, he'd wanna help solve this.
Beckett : Assuming he wasn't involved.
Beckett : You know, I'll have Detectives Ryan and Esposito
Beckett : coordinate with you on the Mustang and ballistics.
Beckett : We'll see if any of that connects to anyone in organized crime.