Castle : Field trip to a strip club.
UNK: Castle, you keep staring like that,
UNK: you're gonna have to pay for the 2-drink minimum.
UNK: Dr. Deb Lander : I'm sorry. What were you saying?
Beckett : I wasn't saying anything. You were talking. About Dino.
Beckett : About how he's a nice guy in spite
Beckett : of the fact that he's a mobster. Really?
UNK: No, look, I know you find this hard to believe,
Castle : but he is a really nice guy.
Beckett : Yeah, sure. Up until the point
Beckett : he guts you like a fish.
UNK: Dino Scarpella : Rick, is that really you?
UNK: Dino! Oh, man.
Dino : You know, I just finished your book, Raging Heat.
UNK: Really? Terrific, wonderful story.
Castle : Thank you. Wonderful, yeah.
Dino : So what brings you here?
Dino : And who is this Venus?
Castle : Dino, this is my wife, Kate Beckett.
Beckett : Detective Beckett. NYPD.
UNK: Uh, she's... She's okay.
Castle : I'm actually consulting with the police now.
Castle : And we're here for your help in a murder investigation.
Dino : For you, Rick, I'm happy to help.
Dino : And the boys are, too.
Dino : Rocco Carlucci, he's my, uh...
Dino : My chief of security.
Dino : And this is Christopher Carlucci,
Dino : VP of corporate affairs.
UNK: Christopher Carlucci : Who got whacked?
UNK: A, uh, Dr. Eric Mercer.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Yeah, I do not recognize this person.
Beckett : Mr. Scarpella, we've connected Dr. Mercer
Beckett : to a surgical suite paid for by your organization.
Castle : Dino, we know Eric worked for you,
Castle : but who would wanna do this to him?
Castle : Can you help us out?
Dino : Sadly, I have no help to offer.
Dino : But please, stay, enjoy yourselves.
Dino : It's on the house.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Scarpella...
Christopher : Like he said, we got nothing for you.
Beckett : Hey, Espo.
Esposito : So while you and Castle were busy getting lap dances,
Esposito : Ryan and I did some real police work
UNK: and found a Carlucci connection to the murder.
UNK: Yeah, wait. What kind of a connection?
UNK: Well, turns out the family's number two, Christopher Carlucci,
Ryan : owns a black Mustang.
Ryan : Guess what was stashed inside?
Beckett : A Santa suit. With blood on it.
Dino : Christopher Carlucci,
Beckett : we need to talk.
Beckett : Why did you kill Eric Mercer?
Lanie : I didn't.
Beckett : Okay, then why don't you clear this up for me?
Beckett : Where were you at the time of the murder?
Beckett : And why did witnesses see your Mustang at the crime scene?
Beckett : And why did we find a Santa suit
Beckett : stuffed in the trunk of your car with Eric's blood on it?
Beckett : Look, Christopher, I don't think you just woke up one morning
Beckett : and decided to kill the family doctor.
Beckett : That kind of order comes from above.
Beckett : Did Dino Scarpella give the order?
Christopher : I want a lawyer.
Ryan : I wonder why the Carluccis would kill their own doctor.
Castle : Maybe he saw something he shouldn't have.
Castle : Let the wrong mobster die on his table.
Beckett : Excuse me. Yeah.
Castle : Richard Castle.
Dino : Rick, we need to talk.
Beckett : He said he wanted you to meet him at the strip club? Why?
Castle : He just said that it was urgent.
Castle : And when Dino Scarpella issues an invitation,
UNK: you don't RSVP with "no."
Beckett : Yeah, you do, especially if he put a hit out on Eric Mercer.