Beckett : This is it.
UNK: Luca Tessaro : One more step, and I'll blow your heads off.
Beckett : Luca Tessaro?
Castle : You're alive?
UNK: Luca, put your weapon down. Why?
Luca : So you can take me out? Finish the job?
Luca : Who sent you?
Beckett : Nobody sent us, Mr. Tessaro.
Beckett : We're not here to kill you.
Castle : As a matter of fact, we thought you were already dead.
UNK: Look, if you don't believe us,
Castle : you can always ask Jane.
Castle : Isn't that right, Jane?
Jane : Wait. It's okay, Luca. They can help.
Luca : We knew our families would never approve of what we had,
UNK: so we were gonna use the opportunity to leave the life for good.
UNK: Disappear.
UNK: Those credits cards that Eric got,
Castle : they were to help you get away?
Luca : But when Eric got popped,
Luca : I figured it was the same guy who shot me.
UNK: You know, maybe he found out I was alive,
Luca : and went after Eric to get to me.
Beckett : Who was trying to kill you, Luca?
Luca : I didn't see him.
Luca : No one ever has.
Luca : But he calls himself "Il Penumbra."
UNK: Well, what do you know about him?
Luca : He's a new player who showed up a few months ago.
Luca : He started hitting up store owners on our turf for protection payments.
Beckett : Well, then the store owners must know who he is.
Luca : He was reaching out to them anonymously, through email.
Luca : Wire the payment or face consequences.
UNK: One of our dry cleaners refused to pay,
UNK: his store burned down to the ground.
Castle : Mafia 2.0.
Luca : Whoever this guy is,
Luca : he was moving into our territory,
Luca : and the family ordered me to track him down.
Luca : I uncovered the account where
Luca : the shopkeepers were wiring him the money.
Luca : Next thing I know, I get a call from some guy saying he could help.
Castle : He tells you to meet him under the bridge, but it's a setup.
Beckett : The shopkeepers we talked to confirmed Luca's story.
UNK: This Il Penumbra's been terrorizing them for months.
Castle : How do you track someone who nobody's seen?
Esposito : Not through that bank info that Luca uncovered.
Esposito : It dead-ended at a private account in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : And given international banking laws,
Ryan : there's no way to determine who owns that account.
UNK: But maybe there is.
UNK: I, uh, made a new friend who might help us
Castle : skirt those pesky international banking laws.
Castle : Now, Rita, I know this is a big ask,
Castle : but if we can figure out who owns that account,
Castle : we'll find Eric's real killer.
Rita : Now, is this Penumbra character
Luca : the same guy that framed Christopher?
Castle : We believe so, yes.
Rita : All right, fine, I'll help.
UNK: But only 'cause I don't wanna sleep alone on Christmas.
Castle : You and Christopher?
UNK: Okay, and...
UNK: You gotta be kidding me.
UNK: That's not even a clever alias.
UNK: You know, this guy might be using that alias to withdraw his cash,
Rita : but I bet he created the account remotely.
Castle : You think you can trace the account
Castle : back to the computer it originated from?
Rita : I think you should tell Christopher
Rita : he's sleeping over New Year's Eve, too.
Becket : Rita determined Il Penumbra's Cayman account
Becket : was opened using a server at the Midtown Library branch.
Ryan : Public terminal. Makes sense.
Esposito : Especially since most libraries don't have security cameras.
Castle : But the convenience store across the street from this one does.
Castle : So we pulled the video feed from the same day
UNK: that Il Penumbra created the account.
UNK: It's time-stamped, so...
UNK: There.
Beckett : That's the only person who leaves
Beckett : in the minutes after the account was opened.
Beckett : Well, hello, Bad Santa.
Beckett : Thanks for coming to see us, Detective.
Melinda : Of course.
Beckett : Our investigation uncovered something
Beckett : that we hope the Organized Crime Unit might have information about.
UNK: Uh, what'd you find?
Beckett : Luca Tessaro. Alive.
Mcbride : From the clothes that you told me about,
Mcbride : I assumed that he was dead.
Ryan : He almost was.
Beckett : We believe the person that shot Luca
Beckett : also killed Eric Mercer to cover their tracks,
Beckett : which means the shooter knew that the two of them were in contact.
UNK: This shooter goes by the name of Il Penumbra. Does that ring a bell?
Mcbride : Can't say it does.
Castle : Okay. Well, this Il Penumbra,
Ryan : he planted evidence to frame Christopher Carlucci of Eric's murder,
Ryan : after using a Mustang like Christopher's to commit the crime.
Mcbride : I'm not sure where you're going with this.
Beckett : Your neighbor owns a black Mustang.
Beckett : He said that you slipped him a little cash to borrow it for that night.
Ryan : We had CSU sweep the car.
Beckett : They found traces of Eric's blood on the floor mat,
Beckett : left there by your boot.
Mcbride : Are you accusing me of murder?
Beckett : Along with the attempted murder of Luca Tessaro, and felony extortion.
Beckett : We found the account in the Caymans.
Beckett : You've been working OCU for 16 years,
Beckett : watching bad guys get rich.
Ryan : So you decided to play both sides