Ryan : and get a little piece of the action.
Mcbride : This'll never fly in court.
Beckett : Yeah, well, there's only one way to find out.
UNK: Rick.
UNK: Hey.
Jane : Mr. Castle,
Christopher : I'm very grateful.
Christopher : And so is Rita.
Dino : And my daughter, Jane, she thanks you, too.
UNK: What's gonna happen to her and Luca?
Dino : I decided it's better to bless her relationship
Dino : and unite with the Tessaros than to lose my kid.
UNK: 'Tis the season of peace, no?
Dino : Rick, you did me a favor.
Dino : I owe you.
Castle : When the time comes,
Dino : you call me.
Castle : Thank you very much.
UNK: It's a call I hope I never have to make.
Dino : Merry Christmas.
Melinda : Dinner was so great.
Melinda : We can't wait to see you two lovebirds again.
Melinda : Maybe next time we can talk about the wedding?
Lanie : Maybe. One step at a time, Mom.
UNK: Well, it was great to finally meet you both.
Melinda : All right, pumpkin. Bye, Mommy.
Melinda : Love you. You be good.
Lanie : I will. All right.
Esposito : You guys have a good trip.
Lanie : Thank you for that.
Esposito : Oh, it was actually much easier
UNK: than I thought it was gonna be.
UNK: But, you know, it made me think seriously about us.
Esposito : And where we are.
Lanie : Javi, I don't think we should do this here.
Esposito : No, I have to say this.
Esposito : Lanie, being fake engaged to you
Esposito : made me realize how great we are together.
Esposito : But not the way that your parents are.
Esposito : Or Castle and Beckett, or Ryan and Jenny.
Lanie : I know. I feel it, too. I mean, I'm crazy about you.
Esposito : I'm crazy about you, too, but just, you know, not in that way.
Esposito : And you deserve what they have.
Lanie : We both do.
UNK: What are you gonna tell your parents?
Lanie : The truth.
Lanie : But after the holidays.
Lanie : No need to spoil their vacation.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Hey.
UNK: So then he cut you with a little ceremonial dagger? Did it hurt?
Castle : Yeah, it hurt, but you can't let him know that, right?
UNK: So my face was like a stone.
UNK: The Black Hand. Right.
UNK: Right. Can I have a word, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Yeah, of course. Here.
Ryan : Tell me the rest later.
Ryan : Who wants nog?
Castle : Is there a problem, Captain?
Gates : As he was being transferred to Central Booking,
Gates : Detective McBride was shot and killed by unknown assailants.
Gates : The DA learned that you were cooperating
Gates : with members of organized crime in your investigation.
UNK: People who might have wanted McBride dead.
Gates : This doesn't look good.
Gates : Especially for you.
Gates : I am so sorry, Mr. Castle,
Gates : but the DA spoke to the Mayor and...
Gates : You are no longer permitted to work with the NYPD.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Hey! Okay,
UNK: so I, um, got my draft of the poem for the family Christmas card.
UNK: Wanna hear it? Yeah.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: "This has been an epic year Life's been full of joy and tears
UNK: "Solving crimes and catching killers
UNK: "Just like Castle's famous thrillers
UNK: "We share a passion every day As partners go, we're here to stay"
Castle : It's great. Thank you.
Beckett : Is something wrong?
Castle : What could be wrong? You're here. Oh.
Ryan : All right, everybody.
Ryan : Let's light this baby up!
Dino : Merry Christmas! Looks great this year.