Castle : Look, he called me at the precinct,
Castle : he knows I'm married to you.
Castle : I'm in no danger here.
Beckett : Oh, God, Castle, this just sounds like an epitaph.
UNK: Um, you know what? I'm gonna go with you.
Castle : He said to come alone.
UNK: You're gonna have to trust me on this.
UNK: Dino, he's an honorable man.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I bet that's what Eric thought, too.
Dino : Buy yourself something nice, sugar, okay?
Dino : Take your mind off this tragedy.
Dino : And don't tell your mother, okay?
Jane : Thanks, Daddy.
UNK: Jane,
Dino : the roll of cash she spends on clothes could choke a horse.
Dino : I even bought an imitation couture company,
Dino : but the fake stuff isn't good enough for my girl. Right?
UNK: Especially now. She's upset. She and Eric,
Dino : they were very close, very close since they were kids.
Castle : So you're admitting he was your doctor?
Dino : I don't like that word, "admit."
UNK: Acknowledging?
UNK: Wow, Rick, me and you, we had a good relationship once, huh?
Castle : We still do, don't we?
UNK: Well, I don't know. I need to know I can speak freely.
Dino : That you're not gonna turn around
Dino : and repeat what I say to the authorities.
Castle : Dino, you can trust me.
Dino : Eric was family.
Dino : My cousin Bruno's kid.
Dino : By a girl he had on the side.
Dino : Bruno, he died in the slammer, so I looked after Eric.
Dino : I sent him to the best schools.
Dino : I didn't want him to work for the family,
UNK: but if you wanna hear God laugh, you tell him...
Dino : You tell him all your plans, right?
Castle : So what happened?
Dino : Few years back, one of my guys got shot. It happens.
UNK: He would've croaked, but Eric stepped up.
Dino : Next thing I know...
Dino : Next thing I know, he's got a taste for the life.
Dino : I need to find out who did this to him.
Castle : Don't take this the wrong way, Dino,
Castle : but I think you already do know.
UNK: It was not Christopher. All the evidence says that it was.
Dino : He was framed.
Dino : He's innocent.
Dino : When it comes to this, anyway.
Dino : I know, because I was with him.
Castle : Dino, if that's true, all we have to do is call Beckett.
Castle : You can alibi him.
UNK: Mmm, no, that's no good.
Dino : See, at the time, me and Christopher,
Dino : we were engaged in a sensitive business transaction.
Castle : And by sensitive, you mean illegal.
UNK: I don't like that word either.
UNK: My point is this.
UNK: The cops are not looking for Eric's killer
UNK: because they think they already got him.
UNK: Even if they are out looking for him,
UNK: nobody in my world's gonna give 'em the time of day.
UNK: And this is where you come in.
UNK: Me? Yeah.
Dino : I need you to prove Christopher's innocence and find Eric's killer.
Dino : Hey, nobody connected is gonna talk to the cops.
Dino : But if I vouch for you,
Dino : give you access no cop has ever gotten...
Castle : Dino, I don't know if I'm the guy...
Dino : I could crack a joke about making you an offer you can't refuse.
Dino : But you cannot refuse.
UNK: Understood.
UNK: Good.
Castle : But if I figure out who did this,
Castle : you have to let me bring the killer to justice.
Castle : And by justice, I mean legal justice, not just taking him out.
Castle : When the time comes, I need to call Beckett.
Dino : We will swear by the code of silence.
UNK: Omerta?
UNK: Ow!
UNK: Ow!
Dino : You're blood now, Rick.
Dino : You're family.
Dino : Do not let me down.
Beckett : So let me get this straight.
UNK: You wanna re-investigate Eric's murder on behalf of your friend,
Beckett : Dino, the mob boss?
Castle : Okay, well, when you put it like that, it sounds bad.
Beckett : It sounds bad no matter how I put it.
Beckett : Castle, we have the killer.
Castle : Christopher was with Dino at the time.
Beckett : According to Dino.
Beckett : Dino is playing you.
Castle : Mobsters get arrested.
Castle : It's a cost of doing business. Dino knows that.
Castle : So why go through the trouble
Castle : of asking me to look into it unless Christopher was innocent?
Beckett : Firstly, he didn't exactly ask you.
UNK: And secondly, he just wants his number two back.
Beckett : Well, there's more to it than that.
UNK: Omerta.
UNK: We made the blood oath.
UNK: It was not my idea, and I did not have a choice.
Beckett : So you believe Dino because he gave you a paper cut?
UNK: Look, if I look into Eric's murder
Castle : and the trail leads back to Christopher Carlucci, so be it.
Castle : But if it doesn't,
UNK: don't you wanna know who the real killer is?
UNK: Fine.
Beckett : But you have to promise that Captain Gates isn't gonna find out
Beckett : that we're poking around an already closed case.
Beckett : And you have to keep me looped in every step of the way.
Castle : I promise.
Castle : And since Dino gave me an all-access pass with the family,
UNK: I'm gonna start by talking to Christopher.
Castle : Thank you.