Ryan : What's in these things?
Gates : I don't know.
Castle : Judging from the size of them, you almost expect there to be...
UNK: People! Jeez.
Castle : They're people. They're people.
UNK: They look frozen.
Esposito : What the hell is this place?
Ryan : Who are they all?
UNK: Does anyone else have a sudden urge to run into the street,
UNK: screaming, "They're here"?
Beckett : Yeah, this is Detective Beckett, I need every CSU tech...
UNK: Movement. Movement 10 o'clock.
ESPOSITO : NYPD! BECKETT : Show us your hands!
UNK: Tech 1 : Don't shoot! No, no, no.
Esposito : Turn around. Turn around.
UNK: Tech 1 : We're just doing our job.
Beckett : Killing and freezing people is your job?
UNK: Tech 2 : No, he was already dead when we arrived to pick him up.
UNK: Tech 2 : We work for Passageway, a cryonics company.
UNK: Cryonics. ESPOSITO : Turn around.
Castle : That explains the room full of human popsicles.
UNK: Tech 1 : They all have contracts with us. We cryopreserve them.
CASTLE : To be brought back to life
Castle : in a science fiction future where death has a cure.
UNK: You think they can put me under until the wedding?
Beckett : How did you know he was dead before we did?
UNK: He was wearing a biowatch with a pulse monitor and GPS.
UNK: Tech 1 : We're notified immediately when a client's pulse stops.
UNK: Tech 1 : We were there in 15 minutes.
Castle : That explains the timeline problem.
Beckett : Even if that's true,
Beckett : what were you thinking, moving a shooting victim?
UNK: Why didn't you call 911?
UNK: Tech 1 : We couldn't wait. In cryonics, every minute counts.
UNK: Tech 1 : We had to get him froz en as quickly as possible
UNK: Tech 1 : to keep his brain alive.
Beckett : His brain isn't alive. It's dead. He's dead.
MAN : That's a matt er of opinion.
UNK: Dr Ari Weiss : Dr. Ari Weiss, CEO of Passageway.
UNK: Dr Ari Weiss : This is my attorney, Johnny Rosen.
UNK: Dr Ari Weiss : I imagine you have many questions.
Beckett : Yes, starting with, who's the murder victim you took from my crime scene?
WEISS : His name is Lester Hamilton,
Weiss : a biology professor at Hudson University.
Beckett : Can you call it in? I'm on it.
Weiss : He also happens to be an old friend from Harvard Medical School.
Weiss : It's ironic he died so young.
Castle : Why's that?
Weiss : He conducted cutting-edge research,
UNK: developing life-extension techniques.
Castle : Not that it did him any good.
Castle : So he worked with you?
UNK: No.
Weiss : Lester focused on how to extend life before death.
UNK: I created Passageway to preserve the hope of future life after death.
Castle : You got any celebrities in here?
Castle : Ted Williams? Jack Frost?
Weiss : We don't discuss our clients.
UNK: Well, you're gonna have to discuss this one.
Weiss : Lester Hamilton was murdered,
Beckett : and my ME will be taking custody of his body as soon as she gets here.
Rosen : Detective, our client, Professor Hamilton,
UNK: has an ironclad agreement with Passageway
Rosen : to have his body cryopreserved upon his death.
Rosen : Short of a court order, he's not going anywhere.
Rosen : And any attempt to take him would constitute tortious interference,
Rosen : and we would sue you and the NYPD into oblivion.
Beckett : Okay, got it.
Beckett : DA won't back us up on this one.
Beckett : They say that the case law is murky.
Castle : I'll say it's murky.
UNK: A life-extension researcher is killed,
Castle : then a shadowy cryonics company absconds with the body?
Castle : This has all the hallmarks of a vast and insidious conspiracy.
Beckett : I'm still trying to figure out how to explain it to Gates.
Gates : They steal our victim and then threaten to sue us?
Beckett : Sir, it's a legal chicken and egg problem.
Beckett : Since Hamilton's body is on private property,
Beckett : we can't get it without a warrant.
UNK: But it's gonna be tough to get a warrant,
Beckett : because without the body, we can't even prove he was murdered.
UNK: You get that doublespeak from their counsel?
Beckett : No, sir. My mother was a lawyer.
Beckett : Anyway, trust me, this is the argument that they will make.
Gates : Okay, then, where are we?
Beckett : Well, the cryonics technicians said
UNK: that Hamilton was shot twice in the chest.
Beckett : They turned over his clothes,
Beckett : and based on the holes in the shirt,
Beckett : it looks like it was a large caliber bullet.