Castle : Big pharma.
Ryan : Young Peck stole Hamilton's research for his dad.
ESPOSITO : That look familiar, Peck?
RYAN : It should. It had your prints all over it.
Ryan : We know you broke into Hamilton's office. What were you looking for?
UNK: Eddie Peck : It wasn't supposed to turn out this way, I swear.
Lanie : I just... I didn't want to be a disappointment.
Esposito : To who? Your father? You did this for him, didn't you?
Castle : You don't know what he's like.
Ryan : What did you do with the research? What research?
Ryan : Professor Hamilton's. The Ambrosia Project?
UNK: It was inside his briefcas and that's why you killed him, isn't it?
Eddie : Killed him? No, no, I asked him to change my grade.
Esposito : Excuse me?
UNK: I met this girl, Suzy, at the beginning of the semester.
UNK: I've never been in love before, but I fell hard, man.
Eddie : When I wasn't with her, all I could do was daydream about her, you know?
ESPOSITO : What the hell are you talking about?
Esposito : What does your love life have to do with any of this?
UNK: 'Cause of Suzy, I didn't study for Professor Hamilton's midterm.
Eddie : I got an F. We don't get Fs in my family.
Eddie : Especially in bio. My father would kill me.
UNK: So I broke into Hamilton's office
Eddie : and tried to change the grade in his computer,
Eddie : but I didn't know his password.
Eddie : I got frustrated and threw it against the wall.
Ryan : Don't you lie to me, Peck.
Ryan : Hamilton's grade report sa you got an A on his midterm.
UNK: That's 'cause after class the next day, I followed him,
UNK: tried to work up the courage to beg him to change my grade.
Eddie : But before I could, we were in this scary neighborhood,
Eddie : and he went into this seedy hotel.
Esposito : And what was he doing there? I don't know.
UNK: But he came out an hour later, and when he saw me, he totally wigged,
Eddie : like eyes popping out of his head, crazy.
Eddie : He offered to change my F to an A,
Eddie : in exchange for me never telling anyone he was there.
Esposito : This hotel have a name?
UNK: The Hundred and Thirtieth Street Inn.
UNK: That little beady-eyed guy in 24, a big time scientis Get out.
Esposito : How long had he been coming here?