Beckett : you have gotten in my way?
Beckett : Hamilton ends up dead and in your custody.
UNK: The DA is about to turn over the body to me,
Beckett : and you negotiate to keep the head.
Beckett : I get a warrant for the head, and suddenly it ends up missing.
UNK: The only thing I'm guilty of is trying to protect
Weiss : Lester Hamilton's desi re to be cryopreserved.
Cynthia : I don't know anything about his murder.
Weiss : Please check with my company, there must have been a break-in.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Esposito : What's up? Turns out there was a break-in
Esposito : at the Passageway storage facility in the middle of the night.
Lanie : No way. And they took the head?
Castle : Security video. Just watch.
UNK: Last night, 3 : 32 a.m.
Beckett : Hamilton's storage container? ESPOSITO : Yep.
Beckett : Who the hell is that?
UNK: Hamilton's dear friend and colleague.
Beckett : Dr. Boyd.
Beckett : NYPD! Open up, Boyd!
UNK: GLASS SHATTERING
Beckett : I don't think he's opening up.
Castle : He went out the window through the fire escape.
Beckett : Yeah, you think? Just excited.
Castle : He's got the head! Beckett, he's got the head!
Beckett : I can see that!
Beckett : Dr. Boyd, stop!
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Talk about taking a header.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: BOTH GRUNTING
Castle : I'll get the head.
UNK: Get up.
UNK: I got it. I got Hamilton's head. I think it's okay.
Beckett : You're under arrest for the murder of Lester Hamilton.
Randolph : I didn't kill him. I was trying to save his life.
UNK: He's gonna be fine.
Castle : That's a relief.
Tech : Why would anyone steal a head?
UNK: So, Dr. Boyd, it seems we caught you red-handed.
Randolph : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Well, then, why did you steal his head?
Beckett : Did you miss him?
Beckett : We know about your operating room in the Hundre and Thirtieth Street Inn.
Beckett : You were doing surgery on Hamilton's head,
Beckett : but it had nothing to do with life extension.
Beckett : So, either you tell me about it,
UNK: or we take the head back and we find out on our own.
UNK: SIGHS
Boyd : He came to me a month ago complaining about severe headaches.
Boyd : An MRI showed that he had stage four glioblastoma.