Castle : Just wanted to give her the childhood I never had.
Castle : Maybe I overprotected her.
Beckett : You gave her a great childhood, Castle. It's not a bad thing.
Castle : Not if she's incapable of handling rejection.
Beckett : Look, we all get our hearts broken eventually.
Beckett : Just give her some time. She'll find her way.
Castle : As long as she doesn't end up auditioning for Beau Randolph.
UNK: So, any word on what w as going on in Hamilton's hotel of horrors?
Beckett : Lanie's running test results on the bloody instruments.
Beckett : But so far it looks like at least one test subject
Beckett : wasn't pleased with the results.
Beckett : CSU found that note in the hotel.
Castle : "You told me this would work. I trusted you."
Ryan : Looks like Beau Randolph was right.
Castle : Hamilton was doing human testing.
Lanie : Looks like it didn't go as planned.
Castle : Maybe Frankenstein's monster came back and killed Frankenstein.
Ryan : No luck ID-ing the note's author.
Ryan : The only prints CSU found in the room were Hamilton's.
Gates : What about Hamilton's wife?
Ryan : We checked with her, his colleagues and his students.
Ryan : No one even knew he was doing any secret research.
Beckett : Well, someone knew about i Canvass around the hotel.
Beckett : There's a big homeless population in the area.
Beckett : Maybe that's where he got his subjects.
Castle : You know, I don't get Hamilton on a character level.
Castle : Why would he risk his reputation,
Castle : his safety, to do illegal testing in some flophouse?
Castle : I mean, he was ready to give away his research, so it wasn't the money.
Castle : Why was he in such a big rush? CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Lanie's got the DNA results.
UNK: So the labs tell us who Hamilton's test subjects were?
Lanie : Preliminary DNA results from the needles and the drill
UNK: show the DNA is all from the same person.
Weiss : Lester Hamilton.
UNK: So Lester wasn't doing the procedures on someone else.
Castle : Someone else was doing them to him.
Beckett : And he decided to put his money where his mouth was,
UNK: and using himself as a test subject.
Castle : But then who was doing the procedures on him?
Beckett : And how did it even get him killed? Can I just...
Castle : Maybe the treatment was a success.
Castle : Hamilton realized he was on the cusp
Castle : of a revolutionary life extension breakthrough.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh! WHIRRING LOUDLY
UNK: Guys!
Lanie : Hold up! Stop doing that thing you do for one second.
Beckett : Thank you.
Lanie : Now all of the theorizing is cute, as usual,
Lanie : but we've got a problem.
Beckett : How so?
Lanie : The Ambrosia Project implant is supposed to be in the patient's arm.
UNK: I checked his arms.
Cynthia : In fact, I checked every inch of Hamilton's body.
Lanie : There were no intrusio ns or wounds anywhere.
Castle : I don't understand. I thought you said the needles had his DNA.
LANIE : They do.
Lanie : And his brain matter, too.
Castle : So whatever they were doing, they were doing to his head?
Beckett : Which is the only part of Hamilton's body
Beckett : that you haven't checked yet.
Lanie : Get me his head, and I can tell you what this is all about.
Weiss : We had an agreement.
Beckett : That was before, when Mr. Hamilton's head wasn't relevant to this case.
Beckett : Now it is.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Dr. Weiss, I have a warrant and you're welcome to read it.
Weiss : I know it's legal, but thi of Lester Hamilton's wishes.
Becektt : His wishes, right now, come second to this murder investigation.
Becektt : Now, open the door.
Lanie : I'll be as minimally invasive as possible, Dr. Weiss.
Weiss : Any invasion at all will destroy memory, personality, vital functions.