Castle : Give it time. You'll figure it out.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: Is she okay?
Castle : Were any of us at that age?
Castle : No, it'll suck until it doesn't.
Beckett : Yeah, well, speaking of sucking, Boyd alibied out.
Beckett : He was at a department breakfast the morning that Hamilton was killed.
Beckett : I mean, we caught the guy with our victim's head.
Castle : 99 times out of 100,
Castle : you catch someone with a guy's head, he killed the guy.
Beckett : Yeah, well, Boyd also provided the MRIs of Hamilton's head.
Beckett : Lanie confirmed that the tumor would have ravaged his brain
Beckett : in a couple of months.
Castle : So in an odd way, he got lucky.
Beckett : How so?
Castle : Well, Dr. Weiss said that cryonics was all about preserving the brain.
Castle : If Hamilton had lived, his brain would have been destroyed.
Castle : Cryonic preservation wouldn't have been an option.
Beckett : So, then, our killer inadvertently saved him for the future.
UNK: Unless...
UNK: "One lifetime together wasn't enough."
Beckett : That's our motive.
Castle : Maybe it wasn't so inadvertent.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Thank you for coming in, Mrs. Hamilton.
UNK: I understand that you have already spoken with Dr. Boyd.
UNK: Yes.
Cynthia : It's a lot to process.
UNK: Yeah.
Cynthia : How can I help you?
UNK: Well, we were hoping that you could shed some light
Beckett : on some evidence that just came in.
Cynthia : What's that?
Castle : Your husband's computer, the one his student smashed.
Castle : The tech people here managed to recover a list of recent downloads.
Castle : Included on that list was Passageway's contract termination form.
Castle : Any idea why your husband would download that?
UNK: No. It must be a mistake.
Beckett : Actually, the tech assured us that the download list was clean.
UNK: Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about that?
Castle : Because the best I can come up with is that your husband decided that
Castle : working on his research until his brain gave out
Castle : was more important to him
Castle : than cryonically preserving himself.
Castle : But you disagreed with him, didn't you, Mrs. Hamilton?
Cynthia : How could I disagree with him when I didn't even know about the tumor?
Beckett : I think you did know and that's why you killed him.