Randolph : I notice $100,000 missing from the account I set up for him.
Castle : You think he went ahead with human testing without approval?
Randolph : Yes. In secret.
Randolph : And then he tells me to take a hike.
Randolph : I think he had that breakthrough.
Randolph : I think the Ambrosia Proje worked.
UNK: It's a very interesting theory, Mr. Randolph,
Beckett : but you still haven't told us who you think killed Hamilton.
Randolph : If he was doing illegal testing,
Randolph : where were his test subjects coming from?
UNK: Hmm?
Randolph : I can tell you this, they weren't clean-cut college kids.
Randolph : They're the kind of folks who don't mind needles
Randolph : and are likely to possess firearms. KNOCKING ON DOOR
Beckett : Here's my view and unlike yours, mine is based on fact.
UNK: You sunk millions of dollars into Hamilton's research,
Beckett : and just as you thought that
Beckett : Hamilton was making a breakthrough, he cut you off.
Beckett : That is motive.
Castle : You have a large caliber gun,
Beckett : Hamilton just happened to have been shot with a large caliber gun.
Beckett : That is means.
Beckett : And you were seen arguing with Hamilton
UNK: 10 minutes before he was killed.
Beckett : That is opportunity.
UNK: It's conjecture, Detective.
Randolph : You have no proof.
Beckett : Actually, I do.
Beckett : CSU just found that your .45 caliber gun was fired this morning.
UNK: Ouch.
Beckett : You know what we call that?
UNK: A smoking gun.
Randolph : Well, that had nothing to do with Hamilton.
Randolph : There was a flock of pigeons on my roof this morning, squawking.
Randolph : I was trying to sleep.
Castle : Pigeons? That's what you're gonna go with?
Randolph : Given that the only evidence you have is frozen inside Mr. Hamilton,
Randolph : yeah, that's what I'm going with.
Randolph : In the meantime,
Randolph : I'd like my lawyer.
UNK: Smug, self-satisfied son of a bitch.
Beckett : Yes, but with no witness to the shooting, all we've got is a gun.
Castle : And since we can't match ballistics without the bullets,
Beckett : we can't even prove it's the murder weapon.
Gates : Thank you, Mr. Castle. I know how ballistics works.
Beckett : Sir, we need that body. Otherwise, we don't have a case.
Gates : I'll call the DA.
UNK: I don't care if case law's murky. We have a suspect now.
Gates : Here's the deal, boys.
Gates : The DA's office believes that we currently have sufficient grounds
Gates : to obtain a warrant and take custody of Lester Hamilton's body
Gates : as evidence in his murder investigation.
Rosen : You know we'll fight you, right?
Gates : Do you really want to risk that case law will be established
Gates : on the basis of these extraordinary circumstances?
Gates : Case law that will limit the rights of all your clients.
Gates : Now, I'm hoping that we can find another way,
Gates : but I need that body.
Rosen : We can't surrender our client's chance at a long, productive future life
Rosen : because it proves inconvenient for the state.
Gates : Then I'm sure you'll be hearing from the District Attorney's office shortly.
Weiss : There may be another way.
Weiss : Our admittance X-rays show that Hamilton's heart
Weiss : was damaged by the bullets,
Weiss : so maintaining the body is no longer a priority.
Weiss : Cryonics is mostly abo ut preserving the brain.
Weiss : By the time the technology exists to revive Hamilton,
Weiss : we'll surely be able to regenerate our bodies.
Weiss : Bottom line,
Weiss : we can keep the courts out of this,
Weiss : and you can have Hamilton's body immediately,
Weiss : if you agree to leave his head in storage at Passageway.
Gates : Then we have a deal.
UNK: Now all we need to do is match ballistics to Randolph's gun.
Lanie : They're not a match.
Beckett : What do you mean they're not a match?
Lanie : I mean, the bullets in Lester Hamilton's chest
Lanie : were not fired by Beau Randolph's gun.
Randolph : Are you sure?
Lanie : No, I just sit down here all day and make stuff up.
Lanie : Of course, I'm sure. Sorry.
Beckett : Here's the ballistics report.
Lanie : Randolph's gun is a .45. Headless here was shot with a .38.
Beckett : Getting that body was supposed to sew our case up, not blow it apart.
UNK: How can those bullets not match?
Castle : I have a theory, but you're not gonna like it.
UNK: Yeah, I'm open to anything right now.
Castle : Randolph is innocent.
Beckett : Yeah, you're right. I don't like it.
UNK: Randolph can't be the only one who wanted Hamilton's research.
Castle : Maybe a competing life-extension researcher?
UNK: Maybe. I'm gonna call his wife up and see what she knows.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
UNK: Ugh!
UNK: Alexis? Yeah, she's spinning out.
Castle : She's never not gotten something she's set her sights on.
Castle : Do you mind if I...
Beckett : No, no. You should be with her now.
Randolph : You sure? Yeah, Castle.
Beckett : I think I can manage without you for a few hours.
Castle : All right. Don't look so happy about it.
UNK: Hey. Yo.
Esposito : Ryan, what's up, man? Where you been?
Ryan : Down at the college, running down that break-in, in Hamilton's office.
Ryan : So listen to this. Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : What the hell is this?
Esposito : That, my friend, is Beau Randolph's alibi.
Ryan : A dead pigeon?
Esposito : CSU found it on the roof of his building with a slug in its belly from his .45.
Ryan : Seriously? So Randolph really did commit murder, huh?
UNK: Yep. Just writing him up for animal cruelty right now.
Ryan : Maybe there's still time to cryonically freeze the little guy.
Ryan : Hamilton's office?
Ryan : Yeah, so, first off, Hudson's campus cops?
Ryan : Wow. I know what we'll be doing when we're fried and don't care anymore.
Ryan : At least they bagged the evidence.
Ryan : We were able to pull prints off Hamilton's smashed computer.
Ryan : They matched one of his students, an Eddie Peck.
Ryan : Straight As, no record.
Esposito : Then what was he doing
Esposito : breaking into Hamilton's office, smashing his computer?
Ryan : Tell me if this answers your question.
Ryan : His father is a lead researcher at Smithbriar Pharmaceuticals.