UNK: Philip Boyd : so he would never give up his chance at revival.
Cynthia : Do you know why he chose to focus on life extension?
Cynthia : We fell madly in love with each other.
Cynthia : He told me that one lifetime together wasn't enough.
Cynthia : He wanted more.
Cynthia : So do I.
Beckett : Mrs. Hamilton, we think that whoever killed your husband
Beckett : might have stolen his briefcase.
Cynthia : Do you know what was in it?
Cynthia : His research for the Ambrosia Project.
Cynthia : He always had it with him.
Castle : Ambrosia, as in the food Greek gods ate to achieve immortality?
Beckett : And what was the Ambrosia Project, exactly?
Cynthia : Philip, how would you explain it?
Boyd : It's a little outside my wheelhouse,
UNK: but Lester was developing pharmaceutical implants
UNK: that cause the body to produce young cells instead of aging ones.
Boyd : He expected it to extend human lifespan by 10 years.
Castle : A treatment like that would be worth a fortu ne to big pharma.
UNK: Billions, though most of the money would have gone to Beau Randolph.
BECKETT : Beau Randolph?
Beckett : The guy behind College Girls Gone Crazy?
BOYD : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : How is a porn mogul connected to all this?
Boyd : Us researchers take our funding where we can get it.
Boyd : Randolph made a killing in porn,
Boyd : and now he fancies himself a venture capitalist.
Boyd : He's funding Lester's research.
CYNTHIA : He was.
Cynthia : Lester cut all ties with him.
UNK: And why is that?
Cynthia : Lester wanted to take an open-source approach.
Cynthia : Publish his research online
Cynthia : and then develop it with his peers to speed up the process.
Castle : And that way no one could hold a patent on the results.
Beckett : And how did Randolph feel about that?
Cynthia : Oh, they had awful fights about it, but Lester was adamant.
Cynthia : In fact, he was supposed to upload the data today.
Beckett : When did your husband and Mr. Randolph have their falling out?
Ryan : Three days ago.
Castle : Three days ago, that's when his office was broken into.
Cynthia : Beau Randolph is distasteful, of course, but do you really think...
Beckett : I think that losing billions of dollars is motive for murder.
Ryan : So, not only is Beau Randolph
Ryan : the proud owner of a Smith & Wesson .45 automatic...
Beckett : Which is a large enough caliber
Beckett : to have created that entry wound in our victim.
Ryan : ...he also has a carry permit.
UNK: What? I couldn't even get a carry permit.
Castle : How did he get one? The hard way.
Ryan : Several guys saw their girlfriends in his videos, beat the hell out of him.
Castle : No longer jealous.
Beckett : The gun still doesn't tie him to our murder.
UNK: Yet, but this might. A charge on our vic's credit card.
UNK: At 6 : 30 this morning, he bought breakfast at Medusa Diner.
UNK: I talked to the waitress. Guess who was with him?
Boyd : Beau Randolph.
Esposito : And there was a whole lot of yelling going on.
UNK: 6 : 30. That's 10 minutes before Hamilton was shot.
UNK: Come on, Castle.
UNK: GIRLS GIGGLING
Cynthia : The Ambrosia Project. It sounds like a Robert Ludlum novel,
Castle : where the millionaire playboy kills a researcher
UNK: to get his hands on the secret formula for eternal life.
UNK: Yeah, well, 10 years is not eternal life.
Castle : Would you do it? Would you get the implants?
Beckett : I don't think I need them, huh?
Castle : I mean, the pharmaceutical implants.
Beckett : So I could live to 100 instead of 90? No, I think I will pass.
Castle : What if you could stay the same way you are now for the next 10 years?
Beckett : I don't want to stay the same.
Castle : How could you not want 10 extra years?
Beckett : One thing I've learned is that you never know how much time you have,
Beckett : and if I thought I had more, I just might end up wasting it.
UNK: Yeah, you're gonna need to get those implants.
UNK: Otherwise, you'll get older,
Castle : and 10 years from now, I'll still be exactly the same.
Beckett : Isn't that how you'll be anyway?
Receptionist : Detective Beckett, Mr. Randolph will be right out.
Beckett : Great, thank you.
MAN : Everyone here for Sorority Pillow Fight Number Seven, come on back.
Castle : Someone needs to get these girls clothes made of actual fabric.
Beckett : When did you become so judgmental about practically naked women?
Castle : Since my daughter hit college age.
Castle : And there he is, defiler of coeds.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, Beau Randolph.
Randolph : You sure you're not here to audition for my Post-Docs Play Doctorseries?
UNK: No.
Randolph : Then what can I do for you?
Beckett : You can answer a few questions about Lester Hamilton.
Castle : Like why did you kill him?
Randolph : Yeah, I was with Professor Hamilton at the diner this morning.
Randolph : The only crime was how bad the food was.
Beckett : Witnesses say that you fought.
Randolph : That's right. I'd sunk millions into his research,
Randolph : and suddenly he wants to give it all away?
UNK: If there's one thing Internet porn has taught me,
Randolph : you don't get rich by giving it away.
Castle : Is that why you killed him?
Castle : So you could secure Ambrosia before he uploaded it for everyone to see?
Randolph : It's why I walked home and called my lawyer to issue an injunction.
UNK: The doorman said you came home at 7 : 10.
Randolph : Sounds right. Lester Hamilton was killed at 6 : 40.
UNK: It's plenty of time for you to put two in his chest before walking home.
Randolph : I didn't kill him.
Randolph : But I know who did. Do you really?
Beckett : Would you care to share?
Randolph : Look, last month the NIH rejected him for human testing.
Randolph : Now, I told him the setback was temporary,
Randolph : but he said he was too close to a breakthrough,
UNK: and he wasn't gonna let a bunch of bureaucratic scientists get in his way.
Randolph : A week later,