Beckett : It came up empty on him, but I did find this.
UNK: Farmland? Yeah.
Beckett : Owned by Holtzman's parents, both deceased.
UNK: It's in a trust. Holtzman is listed as the sole trustee.
Beckett : It's possible his wife doesn't know about it.
Castle : It's only a few miles from where Emma was hit by that truck.
Beckett : Tax records show that there's a barn on the property.
UNK: He must've held her there.
Castle : It's private, in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : The perfect lonely place.
Beckett : Only I would never get a warrant.
Frank : And if I searched it without one,
Beckett : then any evidence I would find would be inadmissible.
Castle : 'Cause you're a cop.
Beckett : But you're not.
Beckett : It would be trespassing.
Beckett : You would be breaking the law. But if you found something...
Beckett : And I know how much this means to you.
Beckett : So whatever you decide, I will back your play.
Beckett : Looks deserted.
UNK: Well, this is the property line.
Castle : You should stay back here on this side.
Beckett : Okay, but you're not going in alone.
Beckett : Keep me on speaker, let me know what you find.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : So, what do you see?
Castle : Looks like he uses it for storage.
Castle : Creepy, creepy storage.
Castle : Beckett, he has the same car that Noah has.
Castle : Same color, same license plate,
Castle : same sticker, everything. That's how he did it.
Beckett : So if someone spotted him, it would lead right back to Noah.
UNK: But you're gonna need more than that to call the police.
Beckett : Look around. He may have kept trophies from his victims.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Oh, God.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Castle, what do you see now?
Castle : I see them.
Castle : Photos of his victims.
Castle : I see all of them.
Castle : Beckett, he's here.
Castle : He's inside.
Holtzman : How did you find me?
Castle : I've been looking for you since Hollander's Woods.
Beckett : The boy.
UNK: That was you? I should've killed you when I had the chance.
Castle : You can't win, Holtzman. We know who you are.
Holtzman : It doesn't matter.
Holtzman : You'll both be dead, and they'll never find me.
UNK: Castle!
Beckett : It's locked!
UNK: Beckett! Castle!
Beckett : Can't get in!
UNK: The danger of facing your demons
Holtzman : is that, sometimes, the demons win.
UNK: Castle, what's going on in there?
Martha : No. No!
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Beckett!
UNK: God!
UNK: Are you okay? You okay?
UNK: Yeah.