UNK: I should've found a way to stop him.
UNK: Castle, you were 11 years old.
Beckett : And what happened to you back then was terrible.
Beckett : And I know that you're thinking of this case
Beckett : as a way to exorcise those demons,
Beckett : but we don't know what we have here.
Beckett : We don't even know if this is the same person.
Castle : Of course it's the same person!
UNK: See, Emma must've been able to do what I never could.
Castle : She tracked him down. That's why he went after her.
Castle : I have to find this guy, Kate. I need to end this.
Beckett : Guys, is there any way to check
Beckett : police records from 30 years ago?
Beckett : See if there were any abandoned cars ticketed
UNK: within a 50-mile radius of Hollander's Woods?
Esposito : Sure. We just have to call
UNK: all the municipal police departments in the area...
Ryan : And wait for them to stop laughing
Ryan : long enough to beg them to check their dusty storage rooms.
Ryan : You're serious?
Beckett : We need to know exactly what we're dealing with, here.
UNK: So, happy manniversary.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett. A word.
Gates : Close the door. Oh, yeah.
Gates : I just got a call from One PP.
Gates : They want me to take you off shift
Gates : tonight for a performance review.
Beckett : Um, sir, my review's not scheduled for another three months.
UNK: Do you think that this has something to do with the captain's exam?
Gates : No, they don't ask for a meet to discuss exam results.
Gates : They notify you by mail.
Beckett : So, what's going on?
UNK: I don't know. And none of my sources are talking.
UNK: But they want you there at 7 : 30.
Castle : Well, maybe it's good news.
Castle : Maybe you're getting an award, too.
Castle : Career achievement in homicide.
Castle : Yeah. Okay, it's probably not that.
Castle : But still, it could be good news.
Beckett : Well, then why is my cop sense telling me it's bad?
UNK: Tory Ellis : Hey, guys. Got something.
Tory : I was running those license plates on Emma's list,
Tory : seeing if any of the owners have criminal backgrounds,
Tory : when I noticed this car, registered to an address
Tory : right down the street from the coffee shop
Tory : where Emma went the day she was killed.
Castle : She was surveilling that car.
UNK: She must've thought it was the one
Beckett : that Zoey got into at the truck stop.
Castle : And when the owner of the car realized
Castle : she was onto him, he went after her.
UNK: Whose car is it?
Tory : That's the weird thing. It belongs to this woman.
UNK: "Connie Lewis."
Tory : But she's 72 and has no criminal record.
Beckett : What's her address?
Castle : There it is. White sedan, "X" and "Z" in the plate,
Castle : NYC sticker in the window.
Castle : Exactly as Emma's witness described.
UNK: Yeah, but how's a 72-year-old woman connected to all of this?
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: After all these years, I may finally get some answers.
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis? NYPD.