UNK: Good to know. Is that all?
Bartender : Had one of these purple VIP badges. Pretty exclusive.
Bartender : Can't be more than a few hundred of them.
UNK: "Danger. Do not enter."
Castle : That is just the sort of sign you'd expect to see
Castle : on the lair of an evil, laser-gun-making genius.
Castle : It's pitch black inside. But the door's partially open.
Castle : I would say that's an invitation, wouldn't you?
Beckett : Just in case it isn't.
Beckett : NYPD. Anyone here?
UNK: Perhaps we should've heeded that very wise sign.
Computer : Raise your hands. Prepare to die.
Beckett : NYPD! Put down your weapons!
UNK: Benjamin Donnelly : Did you see that? It worked perfectly!
UNK: Benjamin Donnelly : It's modeled on the targeting system of a Machbarian Star Destroyer.
UNK: So I take it we're not gonna die?
UNK: From remote-controlled laser pointers?
UNK: No.
Donnelly : But it's perfect to scare away intruders.
UNK: You should've seen the UPS guy. He almost wet himself.
Beckett : Excuse me, Mr...
Donnelly : Donnelly. Benjamin Donnelly.
Donnelly : Purveyor of sci-fi hardware for the discriminating enthusiast.
Donnelly : So, what can I interest you in?
Donnelly : A Klingon Bat'leth, perhaps?
Donnelly : A Cylon laser pistol?
UNK: A double-bladed lightsaber?
UNK: You have a double-bladed lightsaber?
Beckett : Actually, we're looking for a Thorian Blaster.
UNK: Oh.
Donnelly : The woman has taste.
UNK: Plasma pistol with a triskelion core.
Donnelly : Accurate down to the last detail.
Castle : Including its ability to kill?
Beckett : - Excuse me? - We're investigating a murder,
Beckett : and we traced the weapon back to you.
Donnelly : I created this for entertainment use only.
Donnelly : I never intended for it to hurt anybody.
Donnelly : Thorian Blasters don't kill. People do.
Donnelly : I can't be responsible once they leave my shop.
Castle : Yes, well, that is an amazing piece of weaponry.
UNK: That I'd never want to fire again.
Donnelly : - Wait? You fired it? - Oh, yeah.
Donnelly : Were you wearing proper protection?
UNK: What?
UNK: No, why? What kind of protection?
Donnelly : You'll be fine.
Beckett : How many of those have you sold?
Donnelly : I only made two that were fully functional.
Donnelly : One in the case here, the other I sold to a collector Wednesday night.
Beckett : Do you have a name?
UNK: Sam, Seth, Simon. Something "S"-y.
UNK: You think you can describe him?
Donnelly : No. He was in costume.
Beckett : Let me guess. Creaver?
UNK: Yeah.
Donnelly : He drove away in a white SUV, if that helps.
Donnelly : I didn't get the numbers, but they were North Carolina plates.
UNK: "First in Flight."
Castle : What kind of protection?
Beckett : So Ryan and Esposito are running down
Beckett : everyone that was issued a purple pass to see if they can ID our Creaver.
Beckett : They should have something by tomorrow morning.
Beckett : I mean, it's just like you said, Castle.
Beckett : That costume allowed our killer to strike unseen.
UNK: And of course he's gonna be a Creaver.
Beckett : I mean, they're the sworn enemies of the Nebula 9 crew.
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Do I look different to you?
Beckett : No. Why?
UNK: Just, I feel so tingly.
Castle : Something's wrong.
Castle : I'm beginning to mutate like the Hulk or the Thing.
Castle : Or worse, the Leader. What would happen to my hair?
UNK: I prefer Dr. Manhattan.
Beckett : The blue skin, brings out your blue eyes.
Castle : This isn't funny.
Castle : What if firing that blaster made me infertile?
Beckett : - You want more kids? - Well, I'd like the option.
UNK: No, I think you're gonna be fine, Castle.
Castle : All the same, I should decontaminate.
Castle : Take a Silkwood shower.
Castle : Alexis, what are you doing here?
Alexis : I thought maybe, after what happened, that you'd wanna talk about it.
UNK: No, me, no. You?
UNK: No.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Hey, so we found out the valet parking comes with those purple passes.
Esposito : And there was only one attendee that had
Esposito : a white SUV with North Carolina plates.
Esposito : Simon Westport. He was on 295 heading south
UNK: when the state troopers pulled him over.
Esposito : He had a Creaver outfit in his trunk.
Beckett : Do you recognize this, Simon?
UNK: Simon Westport : It's a Thorian Blaster.
Beckett : You know what else it is?
UNK: It's the gun that killed Anabelle Collins.
Esposito : Bought by a guy dressed as a Creaver
Esposito : who was seen with the victim before she died.
Simon : This is not what it looks like. I bought that for her as a gift.
UNK: You bought her a live-fire collectible laser gun as a gift?
Simon : I did not kill her.
Simon : I didn't even know she was dead till the police told me.
Beckett : What was your relationship to the victim?
UNK: I met Anabelle at SuperNovaCon, like, five years ago.
Simon : We just clicked.
Simon : Look, at the Con, you can be anyone you wanna be for a few days,
Simon : so we'd hook up.
UNK: It was a Same Time, Next Year kind of thing.
Esposito : So how does that square with you leaving her at the bar, crying?
Simon : Okay, something did happen at the party that night, but not with me.
Simon : I gave her the blaster.
Simon : She was thrilled. I left to take a phone call.
Simon : I come back, and there's a guy hassling her.
Beckett : About what?
Simon : I don't know, but he tried to kiss her. She slapped him in the face.
Simon : By the time I got to her, he had already taken off.
Simon : But she's all upset about it, she tells me she needs space.
Simon : So she takes the blaster and leaves.
Simon : So I track her down the next day to see if she's okay,
Simon : and out of nowhere she says that she's done with SuperNovaCon
Simon : and she's done with me.
Simon : So I checked out of my hotel and I left.
Beckett : Can you describe this guy?
UNK: Yeah.
Simon : It's the guy she did those webisodes with.
UNK: Davis.
Esposito : So it sounds like whatever happened between Davis and Anabelle
Esposito : really did a number on her.
Esposito : All of a sudden, she was ready to ditch Simon and the convention.
Beckett : We talked to Davis. He never mentioned any incident.
Esposito : Which means he's hiding something.
Beckett : Either that or he killed her.
Castle : Hey, tell me, you guys, do you think my hair is thinning?
Beckett : You're not losing your hair, Castle.
Castle : Okay, so if I wake up bald tomorrow, you'll still be attracted to me?
Castle : - Oh, my God, you wouldn't! - I didn't say that.
Castle : No, but you were thinking it. I can see it in your...
Esposito : With that pumpkin head? Dude.
Beckett : Davis, what was your relationship with Anabelle Collins?
Davis : I told you before. We were friends.
Castle : Was friendship enough? Or did you want more?
UNK: Witnesses saw you with Anabelle at the opening night party.
Beckett : It sounds like she didn't respond too well to your advances.
UNK: And why would she?
Castle : I mean, you were already in a relationship with her best friend.