Beckett : Despite what you think, it was an awesome show.
Castle : Hmm. I'll tell you what.
Castle : I'll forgive you your terrible taste if you
UNK: try on that Nebula 9 costume for me.
Beckett : In your dreams.
Castle : Look at my life. My dreams come true.
UNK: - Perlmutter. - Detective Beckett.
UNK: Perlmutter.
Pearlmutter : And non-Detective Castle.
Beckett : So, do you have a cause of death?
Pearlmutter : It was a burn.
Pearlmutter : A burn that penetrated tissue, muscle and bone,
Pearlmutter : leaving this perfectly cylindrical hole.
UNK: Well, what kind of burn does that?
Pearlmutter : Well, one created by high levels of infrared radiation.
Pearlmutter : The blood vessels were cauterized from the intense heat.
Beckett : - Are you saying... - She was killed by a phaser?
Pearlmutter : Well, as much as it pains me, Mr. Castle is
Pearlmutter : largely correct.
Castle : She was killed by a high-intensity laser beam.
Castle : A real sci-fi murder
Castle : At a sci-fi convention.
Castle : This keeps getting better!
Beckett : How is it possible that she's killed by a laser?
Castle : Easy. Someone shot her with a laser gun.
Beckett : Real ones don't exist, Castle.
Castle : Actually, they do.
Castle : There is an Advanced Tactical Laser
Castle : that can melt a hole in a tank from 5 miles away.
Beckett : Read about it. It's as big as a truck.
Castle : Yes, well, obviously someone has constructed
Castle : a portable hand-held version.
Beckett : Like who?
Castle : Well, let's go back to the e-mails of the crazed Nebula 9 fans.
UNK: And when I say "crazed fans," I'm not referring to you.
Castle : You are a megafan.
UNK: Nice one. Coming from the guy with the life-sized Boba Fett in his bathroom.
Castle : Point taken. Anyway,
Castle : perhaps one of these fans,
UNK: enraged by Anabelle's blasphemous webisodes,
Castle : somehow fashioned a functioning Thorian Blaster.
Castle : And, in an act of divine retribution,
UNK: said killer shot Anabelle with the very weapon featured on Nebula 9.
Beckett : Interesting theory, but we have interviewed all of those "crazed fans,"