UNK: And here you go.
UNK: Thanks. I'm your number one fan!
Castle : Thanks for coming!
Castle : How far they fall.
Castle : All right, where do you want it?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Could you sign my chest?
UNK: Wow. That actually caught your attention.
Castle : What are you doing here?
UNK: You'd know if you'd answer your phone.
Castle : Listen, if you want your very own signed copy of Storm Season,
Castle : I'd be happy to arrange a private signing.
Beckett : Cap your pen, Castle. There's been a murder here.
UNK: - Here at SuperNovaCon? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Shiny.
Castle : You gotta admit, this is a genius place to commit a murder.
Castle : I mean, you don a costume, strike down your intended target,
UNK: and then you melt into the crowd unseen.
UNK: You sound like you actually thought about this, Castle.
Castle : I used to come here a lot.
UNK: Alexis and I would get here every year, dress up.
UNK: You should've seen her! Like a little pint-sized Princess Leia.
Beckett : And you were?
UNK: Oh, Darth Vader, of course.
Castle : So, who is our victim?
Castle : Did Doc Ock finally catch up with Spider-Man?
Beckett : Think more TV starship.
UNK: - Oh! Um, Borg attack. - Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Cylon skin-job. Please say, "Number Six"!
UNK: Nope. Nebula 9.
Castle : - Really? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: I'm sorry, how is Nebula 9 worthy of all this?
Castle : I mean, they were canceled over a decade ago.
Castle : After 12 episodes. Which was 12 episodes too many.
Beckett : I thought you would be a fan.
Castle : I'm a fan of good sci-fi.
Castle : Star Trek, Battlestar, that Joss Whedon show.
UNK: But Nebula 9? No, no.
UNK: It's all phony melodrama and lifeless acting.
Castle : Okay, this is a cool ship.
Castle : The show is still lame, but this is a cool ship.
Winters : - Yo! - Hey!
Beckett : So, who's our vic?
UNK: Anabelle Collins. She's, uh, 28.
Esposito : Looks like she was killed and then stashed in that pod.
UNK: She's the one who put together
UNK: this whole Nebula 9 Fan Experience, reenactment thing.
Castle : An impressive, if misguided, effort.
Esposito : With you, bro. Give me Blade Runner.
UNK: A bleak dystopian future with sexy replicants, right?
Esposito : How about you, Beckett? What do you...
Beckett : Have you found next of kin?
Esposito : Actually on my way to do that.
UNK: - Perlmutter. Good to see you. - Ah!
UNK: Sidney Pearlmutter : If only the feeling were mutual.
Beckett : So, when was she killed?
Pearlmutter : Well, based on liver temp, last night, between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m.
Pearlmutter : The bigger issue is how she was killed.
Pearlmutter : Now, I believe death came by way of this rather fascinating,
UNK: small-diameter puncture to her heart.
Castle : - Stab wound? - Oh, Castle, think.
UNK: How would that explain the first-degree burns on the skin around the wound?
Castle : Well, that could be powder burns from a close-range gunshot.
UNK: Yeah, but the burn should have gunpowder stippling,
Pearlmutter : particulates seared into the flesh.
Pearlmutter : Not only that, there would be blood spatter.
Beckett : So what caused the wound?
Pearlmutter : No clue. Never seen anything quite like it.
Pearlmutter : I should know more once I get her on the slab.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey. So I just finished taking witnesses' statements.
UNK: Uh, none of these folks knew the victim or were here during the time of death.
UNK: Yeah, we're gonna have to find witnesses that were.
Castle : Someone must have seen the killer entering or leaving the ship last night.
UNK: Yeah, but how will we locate them?
Ryan : There's thousands of people here.
Beckett : You know what? You could leave a message on the Nebula 9 fan site
Beckett : asking for anyone that was here between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night,
Beckett : and just let them know
UNK: that you're gonna meet them at the front of the ship.
UNK: Nebula 9 fan site?
Beckett : Yeah. I understand that they have a very loyal...
UNK: Fan base.
Beckett : - Is that... - Gabriel Winters,
UNK: aka the real Captain Max Rennard.
Ryan : He knew the victim.
UNK: And?
Ryan : Oh, I tried to talk to him, but he said he needed a minute
UNK: to "muse upon the fragile nature of human life."
Beckett : Well, his minute is up.
UNK: First Mate : Hi. Um...
Beckett : Mr. Winters, I'm Detective Kate Beckett and...
Winters : I'm devastated.
UNK: Ravaged by sorrow.
UNK: Reminded of the moment when First Officer Tate
Winters : was sucked into that wormhole in Episode 6.
Castle : Except, in this case, someone actually died.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Now, I understand that you knew Anabelle.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who could've done this to her?
Winters : No idea.
UNK: Anabelle was spectacular in every way.
UNK: When Nebula 9 was canceled,
Winters : unjustly, I might add,
Winters : she kept interest in the show alive.
Winters : How will I go on without her?
Castle : Go on living?
Winters : Go on doing the Fan Experience.
Winters : She contacted me a few months ago.
Winters : Asked me to be a part of this.
Winters : I was thrilled to give back to the Nebula 9 community.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw her?
UNK: At 9 : 00 last night, after the Fan Experience ended.
Winters : I went back to my hotel, stayed in for the night.