Beckett : Can I just point out the fact that the costume that she was wearing
Winters : I was busy handling a personal issue that I would rather not discuss.
Beckett : You're facing a murder charge.
Castle : Okay, look, we already know about
Castle : the threesome with the Lieutenant Chloes.
Castle : How bad can it be?
Winters : Well, let's just say
UNK: my weakness for fleeting romance
Winters : left me with a burning desire to see my doctor last night.
Castle : And it just got worse.
UNK: So, doctor confirms his alibi.
Ryan : He was dosing Gabriel with antibiotics during our time-of-death window.
UNK: Gabriel said that Anabelle went to the party with her boyfriend,
Beckett : but there's no evidence that she was in a relationship.
Beckett : There's nothing in her e-mails, phone calls or texts.
Ryan : And the very next day, she said someone had "betrayed her trust."
UNK: Maybe she meant this secret boyfriend.
Beckett : Whoever he is, he never came forward, and that is suspicious.
Esposito : Yo. Our Tech guys caught a break.
Esposito : They took apart the gun
Esposito : and they traced the serial number on one of the components.
UNK: The manufacturer shipped it to an address in the Bronx.
UNK: All right, Castle and I will go check this out.
Beckett : You guys go to the convention center bar where the party was being held,
Beckett : and see if you can ID who Anabelle was with.
UNK: - Right on. - Yeah.
Ryan : This is like the Halloween from hell.
Esposito : Oh, yeah, this is probably too low-brow for you, huh?
Esposito : You're probably into that boring-ass, intellectual kind of sci-fi,
Esposito : like Gattaca or 2001.
UNK: And the monolith? What the hell was that?
Ryan : Don't ask me.
UNK: No, no. Swords and sorcery, that's more my thing.
UNK: Like Lord of the Rings.
UNK: Yeah. I can probably see you as an elf.
Esposito : Or a hobbit.
UNK: Yeah, I served her and her date in a private room.
UNK: They looked pretty cozy,
Bartender : but later, she was alone at the bar crying her eyes out.
Esposito : This date of hers, can you describe him?
UNK: Sure can. He looked like that.
Esposito : A Creaver?
Beckett : A who?
UNK: The evil alien race from Nebula 9.
Esposito : Nasty creatures.
Esposito : They'll eat your face off while you're still alive
Esposito : and then serve your organs to their young.