Beckett : Yeah, but you distanced yourself from the show.
UNK: Didn't you? I heard that you did.
UNK: I mean, don't get me wrong.
Stephanie : Playing Lieutenant Chloe was my big break.
UNK: But Nebula 9? Not exactly a career-launcher.
Audrey : I know!
Stephanie : Now that I'm finally being taken seriously as an actress,
Stephanie : I couldn't go back. It would harm my image.
UNK: So I told Anabelle, "No." She understood.
Castle : Well, I'm not sure I do.
Castle : Why would she even ask if she knew you'd refuse?
Stephanie : She was desperate.
Stephanie : She said she'd have to shut it down
Stephanie : if she didn't have an original cast member.
Beckett : Yeah, but what about Captain Max?
Ryan : Gabriel Winters. Uh, she had him, didn't she?
Stephanie : Gabriel is a complicated guy.
Stephanie : I mean, she didn't go into detail, but she was having problems with him.
Esposito : She was having problems with him, all right.
Ryan : Word is, Gabriel was showing up late to the Fan Experience.
Ryan : And drunk.
Beckett : Captain Max was drunk?
Ryan : Among other transgressions.
Ryan : He was actually a no-show to the Nebula 9 yesterday,
UNK: and Anabelle had to rouse him from his hotel room where he was passed out,
Ryan : naked, with two Lieutenant Chloes.
Castle : I'd say fortune was definitely guiding his journey.
Beckett : Just because he exhibited some bad behavior
UNK: doesn't mean that that was motive for murder.
Esposito : Well, except that I just spoke to Gabriel's agent.
UNK: Anabelle called her yesterday threatening to fire him.
Beckett : And so he killed her?
Esposito : Well, here's the thing. The guy's a washed-up actor.
Esposito : He's barely worked since the show was canceled.
Esposito : He does, what? Twenty Fan Experiences a day
UNK: at 500 bucks a shot.
UNK: If Anabelle took that away from him, he'd have nothing.
Beckett : Okay, guys. Thanks.
UNK: Anabelle said she was betrayed by someone she trusted.
Castle : Maybe that was Captain Max.
Castle : Oh, my God! Alexis?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad? What are you doing here?
Castle : What are you doing here dressed like that?
UNK: We're Havacura. It's a tribe of female assassins who...
Castle : Don't wear clothes?
Alexis : You're overreacting, and you're embarrassing me.
Castle : Oh, I'm embarrassing you? I'm the one who's dressed!
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Dad! - Castle? Come on, let's go.
Castle : Are you kidding me? Can you see what she's wearing?
Beckett : - Yeah, it's not that bad. - Not that bad?
Castle : How am I gonna un-see that?
UNK: Oracle, chances of crew survival if we engage?
UNK: Our weapons systems are disabled.
Oracle : The alien vessel has superior firepower.
UNK: Chances of survival? 0. 1%.
Winters : That's a rosy prediction.
Winters : We will live to fight...
Winters : Ah! We have visitors,
UNK: wearing 21 st century garb.
UNK: Do you come in peace, or is this more Creaver trickery?
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : Sorry, folks. We're gonna have to cut this short.
Beckett : Everyone out.
Winters : This is outrageous.
Winters : I included you in the Nebula 9 Fan Experience,
Winters : and you ruined it.
Beckett : Mr. Winters, where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
Beckett : And don't say your hotel room.
Winters : You can't be insinuating I had something to do with Anabelle's death?
Winters : I told you everything I know.
Castle : Then you wouldn't mind relinquishing your weapon.
Winters : This Thorian Blaster was given to me by the Vice-Chancellor of Loron
Winters : - when I helped save the Queen... - For the love of Pete.
UNK: "Zap," said the lady.
Castle : You are so busted.
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : So our Ballistics guys got together with...
UNK: Perlmutter and tested the blaster. It's definitely our murder weapon.
UNK: I wanna build an ironclad case against this guy.
Beckett : Have Tech look at the gun. Find out where it came from.
Esposito : As you wish.
UNK: Well, I can see how Anabelle felt betrayed.
Castle : Some guys have no business commanding a spaceship.
UNK: It just goes to show you sometimes people aren't what they appear to be.
UNK: For Alexis's sake, I hope you're right. Given what she was wearing.
UNK: Castle, she is a full-grown woman.
Castle : Who, as we speak,
Castle : is being ogled by thousands of sweaty, lecherous fanboys.
UNK: It's just so wrong.