Marshall : Not "Tara." Tara was the hottest girl in my high school.
Marshall : We were all, like, obsessed with her.
UNK: We didn't just talk about her and fantasize about her...
UNK: We wrote songs about her.
UNK: Tara
UNK: Your booty is so smooth
UNK: And I hope this isn't rude
UNK: But I want to get up on it.
Marshall : Not "Tara."
Lily : What about "Esther"?
UNK: Gentlemen, gentlemen. Coming up on the main stage,
UNK: give it up for Esther!
UNK: That prime rib was surprisingly good, but it's 10 : 30 in the morning.
UNK: I don't need to see a lady get naked and dance.
Barney : Esther gets naked. But she doesn't dance.
Marshall : Then what does she do?
Marshall : Sweet mother nature!
Barney : That was my card!
UNK: Gentlemen, gentlemen. Give it up for Esther!
Marshall : Not "Esther."
Marshall : I need a drink. Ted? Ted?
Ted : Your list is entirely boy names.
Ted : You do realize there's roughly a 50% chance of you having a daughter, right?
Marshall : Honestly, I've never thought about having a girl.
UNK: I don't wannna think about having a girl.
Marshall : Tara, Esther...
Marshall : can you imagine being one of those girls' dads?
UNK: Marshall's daughter
UNK: Your booty
UNK: Your booty's so smooth.
UNK: Gentlemen, gentlemen. On the main stage,
UNK: give it up for Marshall's daughter.
UNK: He screwed up my childhood.
UNK: That's why I do this.
Marshall : I have no idea how to raise a daughter!
Marshall : What if she makes bad choices? I mean, what if she winds up dating some...
UNK: Marshall's daughter : Papa, I want you to meet my new boyfriend.
Barney : Hey, bro.
Barney : Thanks for making such a hottie.
Barney : Who's your daddy?
Marshall : You are, 'cause of all the sex we have.
Marshall : I don't want a girl. I just want a little boy.
Ted : It's not what it sounds like, folks.
Marshall : Hey, Mom. Hey, Dad.
UNK: Is that you?
Marshall : You're a little too close to the camera. Can you back up a bit?
UNK: How's this?
Marshall : Every time.
Marshall : Can you just sit in front of the computer
Marshall : like normal human beings?
Marshall : Perfect! Perfect.
UNK: What's up, shooter?
UNK: To be honest, I'm getting a freaked out about the idea of having a daughter.
Marshall : You two probably aren't the right people to talk to about this. You had all boys.
UNK: Well, that was just dumb luck.
UNK: Hey, honey,
UNK: would you get me a brewski from out of the shed?
UNK: Sure. You want anything, Marshall?
Marshall : I'm in a computer, Mom.
UNK: Yeah, all boys.
UNK: Total co-winky-dink.
UNK: It was no co-winky-dink.
UNK: Since the Viking age, the Eriksen men have passed down ancient secrets
UNK: for conceiving boys.
UNK: Number one, avoid lemons.
UNK: They're baby girl fertilizer.
Marshall : No offense, Dad, but I doubt there's any scientific data to support...
UNK: "I doubt there's any scientific data to support..."
UNK: I had all sons. Your grandfather had all sons.
UNK: Your great-grandfather had all sons. Scoreboard!
UNK: Who you gonna listen to? Me? Or "scientific data"?
Robin : Members of the G-8 convened today in Vienna