Man : Nobody could pick up a chick wearing that thing.
Barney : Challenge accept...
Ted : I'm glad that's over.
Ted : It was creepy watching Barney talk like a little kid.
Robin : But you find it irresistible when Becky does?
Robin : I don't get it.
Robin : The Ted that I went out with was attracted to the kind of woman
Robin : who could use a steak knife without supervision.
Ted : For your information, Becky doesn't like steak, she likes "spasghetti".
Ted : Spaghetti.
Ted : And more importantly, she makes me feel needed.
Robin : Needed?
Robin : She makes training wheels feel needed.
Ted : It's nice to feel needed. And you know what?
Ted : It's not a feeling guys get when they're with you.
Barney : Son...
Marvin : Viking lore tells us that to ensure the continuation
Marvin : of your noble male lineage...
UNK: get a big bowl of ice
Marvin : and dunk your man sack right in there!
Judy : You two and your football.
Marvin : Now get in there, point Lily due north
Marvin : and make me a grandson!
Robin : When we were dating, I didn't make you feel needed?
Ted : Come on! You always took charge of everything.
Robin : I got this.
Ted : - This okay? Am I hurting y... - I got this.
Ted : Someone's trying to break in. Call the cops.
Robin : I got this.
UNK: Did that bother you?
Ted : Yeah. It's nice to be needed.
Barney : I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you.
Ted : It's Becky.
Ted : She's trapped in a revolving door.
Robin : I got this.
Marshall : Let's make a baby!
Lily : You're packing snowballs, and your breath smells like a fart.
UNK: You know what's hotter?
UNK: If we face this way.
Marshall : Ooh, we're bad.
Lily : Baby, why are you facing me north?
Lily : You're trying to make us have a boy.
Marshall : I can ex...
UNK: How do you know?
UNK: What are you doing with lemons?
Marvin : Baby girl fertilizer!
UNK: You're trying to have a girl!
UNK: You are trying to have a girl.
Lily : All my least favorite students have been boys.
UNK: So I Googled "how to make a girl",
Lily : some really weird stuff came up,
UNK: but I found this conception website that said you should...
UNK: point south at the moment of conception...
UNK: eat a lemon...
UNK: and heat up your lady parts to a balmy 105 degrees.
Lily : That's not bad.
Marshall : How could you do...
Marshall : exactly the same thing I did? You're supposed to be the sane one.
Lily : See that?
Lily : Another boy expecting a woman to clean up his mistakes.
Lily : That's why girls are better than boys.
UNK: Why creepy kids in a horror movie are always little girls?
UNK: Or twin girls, who speak... in unison.
Lily : What about Chucky?
Marshall : A He was a doll;
UNK: B He was possessed by an adult serial killer;
Marshall : and C How could you bring up Chucky right before bed?
Robin : When we were dating,
Robin : did I make you feel needed?
Barney : No, I didn't feel like you needed me at all.
Robin : That's what I thought.
Barney : I'm sorry.
UNK: Wwhere are you... That's a compliment.
Barney : You are the least needy woman I've ever met, that's awesome.