UNK: Actually, I kind of think that we'll have two babies.
Ross : Two babies?
UNK: You know, a boy and a girl.
Ross : Hopefully, the girl will come first, so Ben won't feel competitive.
Rachel : Then what's gonna happen?
Ross : We won't wanna raise kids in the city, so we'll move to Scarsdale.
UNK: We'll be far enough from our parents so we don't have to see them...
Ross : ...but close enough that they can baby-sit.
Ross : And yes, I know the taxes are a little higher than Nassau County...
UNK: ...but the school system's great.
Rachel : Wow, that's great! Great!
UNK: Okay, wow! You know what?
Rachel : I'm off my break now.
Rachel : Here. You take this.
UNK: I'm gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee.
Rachel : Look at that. I don't have a pot.
Rachel : I don't have a pot. Maybe I've got one at home.
Rachel : Or in Scarsdale. Hey, is that a door?
UNK: Hey, Pheebs. What's happening?
Phoebe : Murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
UNK: I was really just need a small talk.
UNK: Ok, I was just fanting.
Monica : So you watched the movies?
Phoebe : What is happening to the world?
Monica : I mean... No, no, because E.T. Leaves...
Phoebe : ...and Rocky loses. Charlotte dies.
Richard : Charlotte who?
Phoebe : With the web. The spider.
UNK: She dies. She has babies and dies.
UNK: It's like, "Welcome home from the hospital." Thud!
Monica : You wanna feel better?
Monica : Here. Watch this.
Phoebe : It's a Wonderful Life. I've heard of this.
Monica : So you can't lose. It's there in the title.
UNK: Wonderfulness is baked right in.
UNK: I fell for that with Pride of the Yankees.
UNK: I thought I'd see a film about Yankee pride.
UNK: And boom! The guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
Richard : The guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kind of see it coming?
UNK: Watch that. It'll restore all your faith in humanity.
Chandler : Hey, big guy. Game time.
Richard : - Hey! Be right there! - There's a game?
UNK: I just got my Pik-Up Stiks back from the shop.
Chandler : Bring your nerves of steel.
Richard : It's the basketball playoffs.
Monica : I appreciate this, but you don't have to hang out with them for me.
Monica : They have each other.
Richard : Oh, no, honey. I mean, don't worry.
UNK: I like hanging out with them. They're different than my other friends.
UNK: They don't start sentences with "You know who just died shoveling snow?"
UNK: All right, that's great. Then just go.
UNK: Go Nicks!
Richard : It's the college playoffs.
Monica : - Then, go Vassar! - They're not in it.
UNK: Okay, then just go.
Monica : Why does this bother me so much?
UNK: I'm not one of those people who wants to spend 24 hours a day together.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: He just doesn't have much free time. What do I do?
UNK: Does it matter? You'll just die or divorce or blow your pet's head off.
Phoebe : Me too!
UNK: Rachel, I got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys
UNK: Ross made plans for the century.
UNK: I'm gonna go read Cosmo. Maybe there's something helpful in it.
UNK: If not, I can learn how to do a bikini wax with leftover Christmas candles.
UNK: What happened back there?
Rachel : I don't know. You tell me.
Rachel : One minute I'm holding Ben, then I've got two kids...
Rachel : ...I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about taxes!
Ross : Well, I'm sorry. I think about stuff.
Ross : You're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
UNK: You've planned out the next 20 years. We've dated for six weeks!
Ross : You never think about our future?
UNK: I think about whose apartment we'll sleep at tomorrow...
UNK: ...and where we'll have dinner next Saturday!
Rachel : I do not think about our children's names!
Rachel : You know what our children's names will be?
UNK: No, I mean, you know. I read a book, and there was a girl named Emily.
UNK: And I thought that might be good.
UNK: What book?
Ross : The Big Book of Children's Names.
UNK: Okay, listen.
Rachel : What we have is amazing.
Rachel : But I do not want everything decided for me!
Rachel : I spent my whole life like that.
Rachel : It's what I had with Barry. That's a reason I left.
Rachel : I like not knowing right now.
Rachel : Sorry if that scares you, but if you wanna be with me, deal with that!
UNK: - Okay, fine! - Thank you!
Ross : - We're not done! - I didn't know that.
UNK: You're with a guy who won't stop planning his future with you.
UNK: He knows we'll end up together.
Ross : If that scares you, tough! You'll have to deal with that.
Rachel : - I will! - Good, because I love you!
UNK: Oh, yeah? I love you too!
Ross : - That's the first time we've said that! - Yes, it is!
Ross : - I'm gonna kiss you! - You better!
Phoebe : Thanks for the great movie tip.
Monica : - Did you like it? - Oh, yeah.
Phoebe : I don't know if I was happier when George Bailey destroyed the business...
UNK: ...or Donna Reed cried or when the pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Monica : I'll give you the ear thing, but wasn't the ending wonderful?
UNK: I didn't watch it. I was too depressed.
UNK: It kept getting worse! It should've been called :
Phoebe : "It's a Sucky Life, And Just When You Think It Can't Suck Anymore, It Does!"