Chandler : That's Eric.
Richard : Glad to be of help. Matches.
Monica : I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game?
UNK: What?
Joey : - I don't know. - Come on!
UNK: He keeps his fingers to himself, and he's always minty fresh.
Chandler : Richard's really nice. We just don't know him really well.
UNK: Plus, he's old
Chandler : er than some people.
Chandler : But younger than some buildings.
Monica : So what, he's a little older. Big deal.
Monica : He's important to me.
Monica : If you ask him, he might take you in his Jag.
Joey : How do we say yes...
UNK: ...and make it seem like it's not just to ride in the cool car?
UNK: Okay, this could be tough.
Joey : We'll bring him, but only if he takes the Jaguar.
Chandler : You almost had it.
Ross : No, no, you're fine. You're fine.
Carol : Hi, honey.
UNK: You are not gonna believe what happened!
UNK: We were playing on the floor, and he grabs the table...
Ross : ...and he pulls himself up!
Ross : He pulled himself up!
Ross : Standing man!
UNK: I'm sorry you missed it, but I did tape it if you wanna see it.
Carol : We know. He already did it last week.
Susan : You can watch our tape if you want.
UNK: See, I don't believe this. I missed the first time of everything.
Ross : The first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled.
UNK: What else? Has he spoken? Is he driving?
UNK: Does he have a favorite liqueur?
Carol : He is getting closer on the talking thing.
UNK: He can't quite say "mama" yet, but once he said "Yemen."
UNK: See, I don't know. I'm so sick of missing stuff.
UNK: I want him for more than a day. I want him for a whole weekend.
UNK: Listen. I feel
UNK: That would be great.
UNK: Really? I had a whole speech prepared.
UNK: Oh, shoot, that would've been fun.
Ross : Did you just see that?
Ross : Did you see? He just waved! He just waved!
Ross : He's never waved before!
Ross : Yes, he has. Very good.
UNK: What you got there?
Phoebe : Love Story, Brian's Song and Terms of Endearment.
Monica : All you need now is The Killing Fields and guacamole, and you got a party!
Phoebe : I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident...
UNK: ...and she said my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies...
Phoebe : ...to shield us from the pain and sadness.
Phoebe : You know, before she killed herself.
Monica : Where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
Joey : After we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie.
Joey : What's the matter? He's parking the car.
UNK: - Did you guys have fun? - Your boyfriend is so cool.
Chandler : He let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks. Me for 15.
UNK: He must like you best.
UNK: What about when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats?
Joey : You never even saw the money.
Joey : Hey, Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats.
Chandler : You're welcome. Hey, Joey, thanks for parking the car.
Joey : No problem.
Joey : - Hey, Chandler - I think they get it.
Chandler : There's the man!
UNK: Hey, you're getting better.
Richard : I'm gonna keep this.
Joey : He kept my dollar.
UNK: Your first weekend without Ben. What are you doing?
UNK: We're going to colonial Williamsburg.
UNK: A woman I went to college with is the first female blacksmith there.
Ross : They're a little behind the times in colonial Williamsburg.
UNK: Look, I better go before Mommy starts weeping.
UNK: Carol And Susan : - We love you. - Bye, Mommy.
Ross : Have a good time.
UNK: Look.
Monica : Joey, do you know we can see you from here?
UNK: How come Richard looks cooler with one of these?
UNK: You may wanna light it and lose the spatula.
Monica : It's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.
UNK: Not like him, per se.
Joey : Just not unlike him.
Ross : It's the artist formerly known as Chandler.
UNK: I'm just trying something here, you know?
UNK: Why didn't you grow a mustache?
Joey : We flipped for it.
UNK: I got the cigar, he got the mustache.
UNK: If we both grew them, we'd look like dorks.
Ross : You really sidestepped that land mine.
Chandler : I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Monica : You're meeting Richard?
Joey : - Ranger game. - Didn't he tell you?
UNK: He said he was going out with the guys. I didn't know that was you.
Chandler : You hear that?
Monica : We're the guys!
UNK: With that mustache, he reminds me of Aunt Sylvia.
Ross : Thank you!