Ryan : We're both gonna be disappointed, pal.
UNK: Come on, man, show us what you've got.
Esposito : If it's any good, when we make an arrest,
Esposito : we'll let you film the perp walk. Deal?
Ryan : Let's go for a walk.
UNK: I filmed this yesterday at the theater around 4 : 00.
Ryan : That's about six hours before Zane was killed.
UNK: - Righthere. It's righthere. - You got whatl need?
Beckett : - Who's the guy with the tats? - No idea.
UNK: Have him give me a callASAP, allright? Cool?
UNK: Man #1 : No guarantees, man. Here you go.
UNK: - Who was that, Zane? - Yo!
UNK: Why'dyoupayhim all thatcash forthe phone?
UNK: Yo, come on! Come on, give me thatcamera.
UNK: Give me thatcamera. You're gonna getme killed.
UNK: Uh, hell, I thought Zane was just being dramatic,
Stalkerazzi : I guess I was dead wrong.
Beckett : Okay. we're gonna need you to leave the room, Jake.
UNK: Tech may be able to get that facial recognition on that...
Esposito : Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. Leave the laptop.
Stalkerazzi : No way, lady. This is my property, and I...
Beckett : Jake, now.
UNK: Jeez.
Ryan : What the hell did Zane get himself mixed up with?
Beckett : There's only one way to know. We gotta find this mystery man.
UNK: Hey, yo, LT, you've seen Ryan?
UNK: L.t. : I think he's in the box.
UNK: I just, I wanted to share with you my vision of the play.
Elodie : Your vision?
Ryan : Yeah, I see the kids as embodying the circle of life.
Elodie : It's just a flower dance.
Ryan : Let me just show you what I mean, okay?
UNK: So the kids, they're stacked up, and then flower, flower.
Ryan : They're exploding, fanning out.
Ryan : Flower, flower, flower, fun!
Ryan : Flower growing in the sun
UNK: And then they circle back.
Ryan : Kind of a, you know, Busby Berkeley thing.
Elodie : Kevin, Kevin.
Elodie : The oldest kids are five.
Elodie : We'll be lucky if they can just sing the song.
Ryan : I think we need to think outside the box here.
Elodie : Think outside of the box next year. After my kid has graduated.
Ryan : maybe we need to look into your unpaid parking tickets,
UNK: run 'em through the system, see if there is any lean...
UNK: Kevin. we've got that case that we're working.
Elodie : Yeah. Okay, bye.
UNK: Stop.
Esposito : Step away from the laptop.
Beckett : Yeah. That's the same guy that Zane bought the burner phone off of.
Ryan : This footage is dated four weeks ago,
Ryan : so obviously he and Zane had an ongoing arrangement.
Esposito : Hold up. I recognize this guy.
Esposito : Yeah, that's Alejandro Guzman.
UNK: He's a big shot caller for a gang called Los Malditos. The Damned.