UNK: For months, I experimented.
Barney : More... marinara sauce.
UNK: Finally, the sub was perfected.
UNK: The plan was in place. The snare was baited.
UNK: And then...
Barney : he quit, Robin, he quit!
Barney : It's Meatball Sub Day today, which is why
Barney : I wanted Marshall to come over and have lunch. But no.
Barney : All that work wasted.
Barney : You want to make God laugh, tell him your plans, right?
Robin : What is wrong with you?
Marshall : - Thank you so much for coming. - My pleasure.
UNK: Prof. Rodriguez : I have to use the restroom. Do you have some extra invitations?
Marshall : Right over there. Enjoy.
Marshall : - Thanks for picking him up. - Absolutely. Listen,
Ted : something happened at the airport...
Marshall : - What? - Well,
UNK: we got there, and Lily...
Man : Sorry, I...
Lily : I had to park and grab some ice. Sorry.
Marshall : Thanks, babe.
Marshall : You would not believe how much this one has done
Marshall : to help throw this party. I don't know how she does it.
Marshall : Can't be easy, huh, Lil?
UNK: Yeah. Listen, Marshall, I need to talk to you about something.
Marshall : No, you know what? Me, too.
UNK: I wanna thank you for being so supportive of me in all this.
Marshall : I've been at the NRDC for less than a week,
Marshall : and I've already done more to be proud of than in two years at GNB.
Marshall : I can't believe how good it feels.
Marshall : But now, it's time for me to find a way to help the Earth
Marshall : and get paid for it, because I can't put that burden entirely on you.
Marshall : So, starting tomorrow,
Marshall : I'll look for something with a paycheck. What do you think?
Lily : Baby, you have my full support.
Ted : What are you doing here?
Zoey : I came to show my support to Marshall.
Ted : This you can be supportive of?!
Zoey : What is that supposed to mean?
Ted : I have the chance to build a skyscraper in the best city on Earth,
Ted : and who's the one leading the charge to kill that dream? My girlfriend!
Zoey : What about my lifelong dream of not seeing
Zoey : every beautiful building in Manhattan bulldozed?
UNK: And in that moment, I realized, though I really cared about Zoey,
UNK: I couldn't do this for the next 50 years.
UNK: I had to break up with her.
UNK: But then...
UNK: Kids, some couples always support each other,
UNK: and some couples always challenge each other,
UNK: but is one really better than the other?
UNK: Yes. Support is better.
UNK: Way better.
UNK: But I'd have to learn that the hard way.
Lily : You're too young. This isn't fair.
Marshall : We're not going anywhere, buddy. We're gonna stay here right till the end.
UNK: Barney, weakly : Thank you, Marshall.
UNK: Barney, weakly : Can I ask one final favor, my friend?
Marshall : Yes, of course, of course, anything.
Barney : Eat this meatball sub.
Marshall : - Where'd you get a meatball... - I don't have much time!
Marshall : Yes, of course.
Ted : Of course.
Marshall : Does this have some sort of special meaning?
UNK: Barney, with a mean laugh : I'm not sick, you idiots!
UNK: Barney, with a mean laugh : I've racked up $30,000 of uninsured medical bills
UNK: Barney, with a mean laugh : for symptoms I don't even have.
UNK: Barney, with a mean laugh : Totally worth it! You should see the look on your face.
UNK: Barney, with a mean laugh : Wait, you can't... 'cause it's covered in marinara sauce!
Ted : Barney, you got a little marinara on your pajamas.