Marshall : You're cool with that, right?
Lily : Baby, if this is what you need to do, we'll figure it out.
Lily : How's Barney handling you leaving?
Ted : There's a bunch of models in the lobby,
Ted : and the gossip is one of them is really a dude.
UNK: You wanna play "Who's Hot and Who's Scott?"
Barney : It's always the one in the turtleneck, Ted.
Barney : And no, I don't want to play. Stupid Marshall ruined everything.
Ted : Come on. Everything's not ruined.
Man : - Guys, everything's ruined. - What? Why?
UNK: Your girlfriend got the Landmark Preservation Committee
Man : to agree to a hearing.
Man : If they declare the Arcadian a landmark, the whole project is dead.
UNK: Good news, I got the phone number of a husky-voiced hottie in a turtleneck.
Robin : So, if the Landmarks Preservation Committee sides with Zoey,
Robin : your whole project goes down the tubes?
Robin : You must be furious.
Ted : I'm furiously enjoying being challenged.
Lily : Why don't you admit that your girlfriend challenging your every move
Lily : is getting you a little murder-suicidey?
UNK: And you that Marshall quitting his job and taking an unpaid internship
Ted : - is killing you? - It's not.
Ted : The downside to having giant, Japanese anime eyes is they're easy to read.
Ted : And yours are screaming,
Ted : "What about my trip to Spain, deadbeat?"
Ted : The downside to having a woman's mouth
Lily : is your feminine pout gives away your true feelings.
Lily : And yours is saying,
Lily : "Oh, Zoey, why can't I be on top just this once?"
Ted : We take turns!
Ted : Sometimes.
Marshall : I just had the best first day at the NRDC.
Barney : I'm sorry. Sorry.
Barney : Something Hershel said at work today.
Robin : Hershel?
Barney : Don't you guys know Hershel? Didn't I tell you?
Barney : He's the new lawyer who replaced Marshall at GNB.
Barney : He is so awesome and funny and tall... taller than Marshall...
Barney : and he knows way more laws.
Lily : I'm glad you like your new co-worker.
Barney : There's no Hershel! I was saying that to make you jealous!
Barney : Why do you insist we play these games?
Barney : - Just come back to GNB already! - I'm really loving my new job.
Lily : And I'm loving seeing you this happy.
Marshall : I'm so glad to hear you say that because I volunteered our apartment
Marshall : for a big NRDC fund-raiser tomorrow. You're cool with that, right?
Lily : - Baby, you have my full support. - Thanks, baby.
Marshall : I gotta go. The invitations are ready.
UNK: The party's for environmentalists, so I found a guy downtown
Marshall : who makes biodegradable party invitations
Marshall : that can also be used as toilet paper.
Barney : That's how I'm gonna use mine.
Robin : Why in the world do you care so much whether Marshall works at GNB?
Barney : Care? I don't care. I'm like, whatever. Marshall who?
Barney : He's stupid. Hershel's way better.
Robin : Is it possible that with everything that's gone on with your dad lately,
Robin : you might have some unresolved abandonment issues
Robin : you're transferring onto Marshall?
Barney : You are worse than my shrink.
Barney : "Barney, we have to talk about your father."
UNK: "I'm not gonna teach you to hypnotize people. You'll only use it for evil."
UNK: "I am not gonna conduct a couples session
Barney : "between you and this woman. She's obviously a prostitute."
Barney : I don't need this!
UNK: Half of the world's most perfect couple!
UNK: I was thinking about your comment and I have three good comebacks.
UNK: One, your mom didn't seem to mind it last night...
Lily : I need a favor. Would you mind driving out to Kennedy with me
Lily : to pick up this famous ecologist for Marshall's fund-raiser?
Lily : Apparently, he only speaks Spanish. And you speak Spanish, right?
Lily : Perfect. Let's go.
Barney : Marshall, it's me.
Barney : Listen, I know I've been kind of a jerk about your leaving GNB.
Barney : I just wanted to call and say I'm sorry.
Barney : No apologies necessary. We're good.
Barney : Good.
Barney : Any chance you might...
Barney : Maybe, I don't know... if you're not busy, wanna have lunch today?
Marshall : Buddy, I'd love to, but I can't.
Barney : That's cool. No biggie.
Barney : Another time.