Barney : No, I'm fine.
UNK: Well, you wanna go grab some lunch?
Marshall : Sure.
Barney : You okay if I invite Marshall to join us?
Marshall : Right.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So...
Barney : Chinese?
UNK: Just because we are a different kind of couple than you
Ted : doesn't make us a worse couple.
Marshall : You're right.
Lily : If you and Zoey are happy, then who am I to judge?
Lily : I'm so sorry.
Robin : Oh, my God, is that how support feels?
Ted : It's so warm and wonderful.
Ted : I've been so unhappy.
Lily : But I thought you liked being challenged.
Ted : Nobody likes being challenged!
Ted : Couldn't she agree with me just once, even on something little,
Ted : like what movie to see or what topping to get on our pizza
UNK: or... I don't know, my lifelong dream of building a skyscraper in New York City?!
Lily : In her defense, hamburger pizza, Ted?
Lily : What are you, 12?
Ted : You were right, Lily.
Ted : I mean, Zoey's great, but,
Ted : sometimes I do wish we were a little more like you and Marshall.
Ted : There he is. Here we go.
Barney : I'm sorry. I don't speak
Man : whatever it is you're speaking.
Ted : - He speaks perfect English. - Yeah, I know.
Ted : Why did you ask me to come?
Lily : So you can drive him to the fund-raiser.
Lily : Supporting Marshall this much is driving me crazy.
Lily : I'm going to Spain. My flight leaves in 45 minutes.
UNK: Adios, muchacho.
Ted : Wait, what do you mean you're going to Spain?
Ted : You were right. If I hear myself say
Lily : "Baby, you have my full support" one more time,
Lily : I swear I'm gonna murder someone!
Ted : What are you gonna tell Marshall, huh? And when are you coming back?
Lily : I honestly haven't thought it all the way through, and I don't intend to.
Lily : All I know is that I'm a ticking time bomb,
Lily : and if I don't do something for me, right away, I swear I'm gonna explode!
Ted : That's an evocative metaphor to use
Ted : for your nonthreatening, totally patriotic emotions.
Ted : USA! Okay, Lily, I get it.
Lily : Marshall's been asking a lot lately.
Ted : But the thing to do is tell him you've had enough.
Lily : I've never been good at that.
Lily : And now, ever since his dad died,
Lily : I feel like it's my job to just be fine with everything. But I'm not.
Lily : I'm not fine that he volunteers our apartment for a giant fund-raiser
Lily : and that he's not thinking about how we're gonna pay any of our bills
Lily : and that, apparently, we've
Lily : given up on trying to have kids.
Lily : I'm sorry, Ted, I just, I gotta do this.
Man : My bag?
Man : No. I got it.
Barney : - There's nothing to talk about. - You trashed your office today.
Robin : You obviously have some deep feelings you're not confronting.