Ted : Why would you do that?
Zoey : I thought you'd like it.
Ted : Who likes that?
Zoey : I like it.
Lily : Your relationship sounds exhausting.
Ted : Maybe yours is a bit lazy.
Lily : Marshall and I have been together 15 years,
Lily : and the only debate we've had about Tommy Boy
Lily : is whether it's awesome or super awesome.
Lily : That's love, bitch.
UNK: Team Who's this fucking mother ?
UNK: Now around this time, Marshall had truly come to hate his job.
UNK: He hated the paperwork.
UNK: He hated the coffee.
UNK: He hated the dirty jokes.
UNK: He hated everything.
Marshall : - I have to quit. - Quit GNB? Why?
Marshall : I need to do better things with my life, okay?
Marshall : There's an opening for an environmental lawyer
Marshall : at the National Resources Defense Council.
Marshall : Sure, it pays less,
Marshall : but I'd be saving the oceans, saving endangered species...
Barney : Saving chicken bones and an old boot to make hobo soup?
Barney : You can't pay your mortgage with Hacky Sacks and good vibes.
Lily : You have my full support.
UNK: Then, forgot that trip to Spain that you've been planning.
Barney : Say good-bye to riding around in gondolas,
Barney : and eating bratwurst and seeing the pyramids.
Robin : I don't think you know what Spain is.
Barney : I know that a trip there costs some serious lira.
Ted : - It's dinero. - Where? I want his autograph!
UNK: So Marshall walked in the next morning all ready to quit.
UNK: But then something weird happened.
UNK: Suddenly, he didn't hate the paperwork.
UNK: He didn't hate the coffee.
UNK: He didn't even hate the dirty jokes.
UNK: Out of nowhere, Marshall actually liked GNB.
Robin : - It's graduation goggles. - What?
Robin : Graduation goggles, like with high school.
Robin : It's four years of bullies making fun of all the kids with braces,
Robin : even after the braces come off and they can walk just fine.
UNK: But on graduation day, you suddenly get all misty
UNK: 'cause you realize you're never going to see those jerks again.
Robin : I just had graduation goggles with that guy Scooby I dated.
Lily : The guy who was basically a dog?
UNK: He was the worst kisser I've ever been with.
UNK: But the moment I decided to dump him...
UNK: I suddenly got kind of wistful.
UNK: He was a good boy.
Barney : I've been there, too.
UNK: Every time I'm done having sex with a woman,
Barney : at first, I never want to see her again.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : But then...
Barney : No, that's pretty much it.
Robin : The point is, you can't trust graduation goggles.
Robin : They're just as misleading as beer goggles, bridesmaid goggles,
Robin : and that's-just-a-bulky, outdated-cell-phone
Robin : in-his-front-pocket goggles.
Robin : That one was a bummer.
Marshall : You're right.
Marshall : Tomorrow, I'm quitting GNB.
Barney : You can't quit tomorrow!
Barney : The lady with the big nipples is coming to give a sexual harassment seminar,
Barney : and I bribed one of the maintenance guys to keep the room at a brisk 55 degrees!
Lily : More than ever, you have my full support.
Ted : You know, sometimes I feel bad for Lily and Marshall.
Lily : I'm starting to feel bad for Ted and Zoey.
Barney : It starts with an... "L?"
Girl : How can you not remember my name?
Ted : It's like they never challenge each other.
Ted : They just automatically agree all the time.
Zoey : - They don't do that all the time. - Yes, they do.
Zoey : - No, they don't. - Yes, they do.
Ted : It's like they don't see eye-to-eye on anything!
UNK: Lily and Marshall : Totally.