Marcus : She paid me $3,000
UNK: because she knew that it would cost me my job.
UNK: But she even promised to give me a better one in a few weeks.
Beckett : Why would she pay you to attack her?
Marcus : She said she needed to get away for a couple days.
Marcus : But the show wouldn't give her any time off.
Marcus : So she had me cause that scene.
Beckett : So she did all of that to skip out on work? Why?
Marcus : I don't know. She'd gotten real secretive lately.
Marcus : Taking meetings and not telling me what they were for.
Marcus : She was up to something.
Marcus : Maybe whatever it was is what got her killed.
UNK: Marcus' alibi checks out.
Beckett : Street cams caught him in SoHo at the time of the murder.
Beckett : He's not our killer.
Ryan : No, that would be this guy.
Ryan : Sketch came in from the homeless man.
Ryan : Definitely not Marcus Segundo.
Beckett : You know, if we could figure out where Ana went to last night,
Beckett : that might tell us who this guy is.
UNK: Her credit card said that she paid for a taxi.
Ryan : We're still trying to run down where it took her.
Ronnie : Uh, excuse me. Auditorium doesn't open for another five hours.
Castle : I'm not here for the opera, "Ronny."
Castle : Richard Castle, private investigator.
Castle : Wonder if I could ask you a few questions.
Ronnie : Oh, wow.
Ronnie : I thought you were a writer. What happened?
Castle : Nothing happened.
Castle : I'm just expanding my brand, if that's all right with you.
Castle : Look, did you see this woman last night?
Ronnie : Definitely. She was here for the premiere of Rigoletto.
Castle : You're sure? This woman?
Ronnie : Yeah, positive.
Ronnie : I mean, come on, you really think I'd forget her?
UNK: She's smokin' hot.
Ronnie : You know what the weird thing is though?
UNK: It's that she arrived way late.
UNK: A-few-minutes-before- the-opera-ended late.
Castle : Did you notice if she was carrying this purse with her?
Ronnie : Uh, yeah, I remember that, too.
Castle : Could you direct me to where she was sitting?
Castle : It could be where she left the purse.
Ronnie : Uh, she actually didn't go to her seat.