Sofia : You said he was the best. Maybe your rating is not so objective.
Beckett : You know what? I better be on my way.
Beckett : You two obviously have work to discuss.
Sofia : Let me be plain, Mr. Castle. Have you found my purse?
Castle : Not yet, though...
Sofia : And what about where the white limousine took Ana?
Castle : I am following every lead. It's only a matter of time.
Sofia : Which is one thing I do not have. You're fired, Mr. Castle.
Castle : What? Fired? You can't do that.
Sofia : I just did.
Castle : Well, I don't accept.
Sofia : You do understand how firing works?
Castle : Fine. Effective immediately, I'm hiring myself to solve this case.
Castle : You can't do that.
UNK: I just did. I am determined to see this through.
Castle : And I've made it my mission to find your purse.
Castle : Take a look at this.
Castle : Somewhere, last night one of Anahita's fans must have seen her in that limo.
Castle : So I have been going over every post, every tweet, every comment,
Castle : every photo of Ana that's hit social media in the last 24 hours.
UNK: I have set alerts on all of her fan sites,
Castle : and I have a photo aggregator in case any new photos get posted.
Castle : As a matter of fact, that is the sound
Castle : of a fresh batch of photos arriving.
Sofia : Not so fresh. This one is from last week.
Castle : All right, well...
Castle : There, that one's from last night.
Castle : That's her leaving the opera with the purse.
UNK: There! There's Ana in the white limo! Looks like she's in a hurry.
Sofia : She doesn't have my purse. Where's the purse?
UNK: Okay, wait, that photo's time-stamped 11 : 03.
UNK: That's five minutes after she left the opera.
UNK: So?
Castle : So the usher said when she went to the limo, she had her purse with her.
Castle : If she's leaving the limo five minutes later, without the purse...
Sofia : Then she left it inside the limousine.
UNK: I find that limousine, I find your purse, Miss Del Cordova.
Sofia : But how? Without the license plate.
Castle : With that. That sticker has the VIN.
Castle : The vehicle identification number
Castle : will tell us exactly who this car is registered to.
Castle : And I know just the person to trace that for me.
Sofia : Mr. Castle, you are a genius. You are hired. Again.
Castle : Are you awake?
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
Castle : Well, I admit, Sofia barging in on us was a little awkward.