UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Male Officer : Would all workers please clear the construction site?
Esposito : Why can't they find bodies between 9 : 00 and 5 : 00?
Beckett : - Well, early bird gets the collar. - Yeah.
Esposito : He was here before I was.
Castle : Finally. You are here. You are gonna love this.
Ryan : Come on, show's over. Active crime scene.
Ryan : We appreciate your cooperation.
Castle : Awesome, right? My first cold case.
Castle : Come on, it's a little funny.
Lanie : Not so much funny as true. She's frozen solid.
Beckett : - What was the temperature last night? - Mid-40s.
Lanie : It wasn't exposure.
Esposito : Site's active. Boys tell me there's no way she was here last night.
Beckett : She's melting.
Castle : Maybe we should be looking for ruby slippers.
Beckett : Yeah, while you're at it, why don't you look for some flying monkeys?
Beckett : Maybe they left her here. So what do you got for me?
Lanie : There are pieces of plastic on her body from the garment bag.
Beckett : So she was inside the bag.
Lanie : Other than that, it's gonna take a while for her to thaw.
Lanie : I can tell you she hasn't been here long. Maybe a couple of hours.
Beckett : What about security?
Esposito : Chain link. A pair of bolt cutters took care of that.
Ryan : Looks like our guy was hoping she'd disappear into the concrete pour.
Esposito : A few more feet, and she would have.
Castle : It's kind of odd, taking the trouble to freeze a body and then dumping it.
Castle : We got two personality types working here.
Castle : A killer who freezes a body is a keeper. He wants a souvenir.
Castle : But a guy who dumps a body...
Beckett : Doesn't want to be reminded of the crime.
UNK: All right, I'm gonna go check out the fence.
UNK: Get a close-up of her face. I want to run her through Missing Persons.
Castle : Oh, cool. Like on the Discovery Channel,
Castle : where you plug the photo into a facial-recognition database?
Beckett : Yeah. Just like that.
UNK: Yes!
Beckett : Welcome to the department's official facial-recognition database.
Castle : By hand? That's like life before TiVo.
UNK: Maybe you could download an app on that phone of yours. You could just...
Castle : There are a lot of missing people.
UNK: One way or another, we eventually find them.
UNK: Some end up dead, some turn up in a double-wide
UNK: with a stripper named Trixie outside Atlantic City.
Esposito : And some just don't turn up.
Castle : Dana Sullivan.
Esposito : Her and her boyfriend leave a club.
Esposito : He's a couple steps behind her 'cause he gets a call on his cell phone.
Esposito : She turns a corner just a few seconds before he does.
Esposito : And when he comes around, she's gone. Street's totally empty.
Esposito : No traffic, no nothing.
Esposito : In a matter of three feet, she literally just disappeared.
Castle : People don't disappear off the face of the earth.
UNK: One minute, you're getting a hot dog in the park,
UNK: the next you're fighting off Sleestaks on the far side of the dimensional rift.