Beckett : And that family, those kids, they need more than just a theory.
Beckett : They need to know. I need to know.
Castle : Well, you have an ending.
Castle : You want the rest, you need to work backwards.
Castle : You need to finish the story.
Castle : You have an ending. You have your killer.
Castle : You just have to put it all together with the facts at hand.
Castle : The facts?
UNK: Fact, they had two small children.
Castle : - So? - Based on police statements,
UNK: they didn't have a babysitter.
UNK: With him at work,
UNK: she would have had to have been with the kids the day she disappeared.
Beckett : But Sam said that she left later that night.
Castle : Which the doorman was never able to corroborate.
Beckett : So, if she was there, and she never left, then...
Castle : Then she was murdered in the apartment.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Another fact, he lived in Manhattan.
Beckett : And, like most people in the city, he didn't own a car.
UNK: So what is a good husband to do, living in Manhattan,
UNK: with his wife's body?
UNK: He can't leave it in the apartment. He can't walk out the lobby with it.
UNK: So the only question is...
Beckett : How did he get the body to the storage unit?
UNK: He...
Castle : - He could... No. - No.
Castle : - You know what helps? - Yeah?
UNK: Sometimes, when I'm trying to figure out
UNK: how a character of mine does something,
UNK: I will walk the crime scene.
UNK: This one time, I was trying to figure out
UNK: how to throw someone off the Empire State Building,
UNK: So many lonely women approached me,
UNK: thinking I was their Tom Hanks. I got laid...
UNK: Castle!
Castle : Point is, you want to get into a killer's head,
Castle : go to where the killer was and see what problems he had to face.
Castle : Field trip?
Roger : They told me he was shot in a mugging.
Roger : And now you're telling me he was killed here, in my apartment?
Castle : Not him. His wife.
Roger : His wife? What kind of family was this?
UNK: All right. So, you and I are married.
Beckett : - We are not married. - Relax. It's just pretend.
UNK: - I don't wanna pretend. - Scared you'll like it?
Beckett : Okay. If we're married, I want a divorce.
Roger : Are you two like this all the time?
Castle : - Yes. - Yes. All right.
UNK: We're not married, but they were. Let's say the doorman's right.
UNK: Melanie gets home about 4 : 00.
Beckett : She'd have to make dinner for the kids.
Castle : Then Sam comes home.
UNK: Banker's hours. Around 6 : 00.
Castle : Figure, kids have already eaten.
Beckett : So, they're, what? Watching TV in the bedroom.
Roger : - In my bedroom? - We're on a roll.
Beckett : - They have a fight. - About the affair.
Beckett : - About Philadelphia. - Things get heated.
Beckett : And she turns her head...
Castle : He whacks her with something.
Beckett : A pot.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : - Or a pan. - Bam! Fractures her skull. It's over.
Beckett : Except the kids are still in the bedroom.
Beckett : He's got to figure out a way of getting her out of the apartment
Beckett : without them seeing.
Castle : Hallway bathroom. He needed to buy time.
UNK: Okay. So he puts the body in the tub,
Beckett : - closes the door. Wait...
Beckett : And tells the kids that Mom went to the store.
Castle : Which, according to the case file,
Castle : the doorman was never able to substantiate.
Beckett : Okay. So, no car. How does he get the body out of the apartment?
Roger : Maybe he hailed a cab.
Castle : Yeah. Maybe the cabbie and the doorman
Castle : helped him stuff the body in the trunk.
Castle : How much do you tip for that these days?
Castle : - The doorman. - Castle, I'm joking.
Castle : What if the body was already in the freezer
Castle : when he took it out of the apartment?
Roger : Freezer? He'd have needed a truck.
Castle : In my building, if you have something picked up or delivered,
Castle : you have to sign for it.
Roger : Yeah, here, too. Delivery that big, you have to sign the ledger.
Albert : - The ledger? - The doorman's ledger, downstairs.