Castle : Guess it's time to tell him his runaway bride finally came home.
UNK: Roger o.s. : Who is it?
Beckett : New York City Police Department.
Roger : Can I help you?
Beckett : Detective Beckett. Are you Samuel Cavanagh?
UNK: Who?
UNK: Samuel Cavanagh. Our records indicate that he lives here.
Roger : You must have the wrong apartment.
UNK: 917?
Roger : Yeah, but I live here. And my name is Roger, it's not Sam.
UNK: - Do you know any Samuel Cavanagh? - No. What's this about?
Castle : - How long have you lived here? - About eight months.
Castle : Well, it's been five years. He could have moved.
UNK: Well, hey, I hate to break it to you,
UNK: but if you're looking for the guy who lived here before me,
UNK: he didn't move. He was murdered.
UNK: Wait...
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. - Yeah.
UNK: Samuel Cavanagh. Shot outside a grocery store about a year ago.
UNK: Small caliber. Double tap to the chest. Wallet and valuables missing.
Ryan : Poor schlub's wife disappears.
Ryan : Four years later, he gets shot in a mugging.
Esposito : Yeah. What are the odds?
Castle : Long, unless they're connected.
UNK: Well, four years between murders. One's a popsicle, one just got popped.
UNK: How could they possibly be connected?
Castle : Maybe he and his wife got into something they couldn't get out of.
Castle : Maybe something to do with a drug habit.
Ryan : So some skell waits four years to finish the job?
Castle : Maybe he finally figured out what happened to his wife
Castle : and was about to go to the police with it.
Ryan : I don't believe it.
Castle : Give me 250 pages, I bet I could make you.
Beckett : We're solving a murder, Castle, not writing a book.
Esposito : I like that.
Castle : "Bam" said the lady, another bestseller for me.
Beckett : What happened to the kids?
Esposito : Living with Melanie's parents up in White Plains.
Beckett : Looks like I'm going to White Plains. Canvass the construction site.
Beckett : Someone must have seen something.
Esposito : Yeah, the foreman said that
Esposito : they have a problem with the homeless at night,
Esposito : so I figured I'd go down there later, try to catch them at the site.
Castle : Homeless, White Plains. Homeless, White Plains.
Esposito : They're both kind of creepy.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Ben Davidson : Did I scare you?
Beckett : Mr. Davidson?
UNK: Ben Davidson : Yes, ma'am, that's me.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : Is there somewhere we could talk?
UNK: Ben Davidson : Yes. Why don't we go inside?
UNK: Ben Davidson : Girls, don't play in the street, okay?
UNK: All right, Grandpa will be out in a minute.
UNK: Julie Davidson : I... I think we've both known for a while now that
UNK: Julie Davidson : Melanie was not going to come home.
Beckett : What do you remember about the days leading up to her disappearance?
UNK: Ben Davidson : Well, we talked to her a couple days before.
UNK: Ben Davidson : My wife did, I mean.
UNK: Julie Davidson : Everything seemed fine.
Beckett : She didn't indicate in any way that she was leaving?
UNK: No.
Castle : We're aware your daughter had some issues.
UNK: That had nothing to do with what happened here.
Beckett : How do you know?
UNK: Ben Davidson : You know, now you sound like the cop who first had the case.
UNK: Ben Davidson : Convinced she'd run away, convinced she was still on drugs.