UNK: Ben Davidson : So, I'm here because I questioned a woman about a freezer?
Castle : Not any freezer, Mr. Davidson.
Castle : The freezer that your daughter's body was stored in.
UNK: Ben Davidson : For the moment, let's... Let's assume what you say is true.
UNK: Ben Davidson : What's the charge?
Beckett : If Mrs. Marsh's answer led to Sam's death,
Beckett : then the charge would be murder.
UNK: I kept going over everything Sam said,
UNK: everything he claimed happened that night,
UNK: until I came to the same conclusion that you both apparently did.
UNK: Julie Davidson : That Melanie never left her apartment alive.
UNK: Mrs. Marsh's answers merely confirmed what I already knew.
Beckett : That your son-in-law was a killer.
Castle : If you had figured out what Sam had done,
Castle : why not just go to the police?
Castle : He would have gone to prison for the rest of his life.
UNK: Ben Davidson : If he'd been convicted.
UNK: Ben Davidson : They didn't have a body at the time, remember?
UNK: Ben Davidson : His lawyers would have put Melanie on trial, not him.
Beckett : So you took matters into your own hands.
UNK: Well, you could certainly understand how a father might want to.
UNK: How he might follow his daughter's murderer one dark night,
UNK: when he was sure no other people would be around.
UNK: How he might confront him with a gun he'd brought back from the war.
UNK: Might even promise forgiveness in exchange for the truth.
UNK: And, hearing his admission,
UNK: be overcome with rage.
UNK: Every time he brought the girls to see us,
UNK: I watched a little piece of my wife die.
UNK: A visit from your grandkids should be life-affirming,
UNK: not a reminder of how your only child was murdered.
Beckett : Killing him wasn't the answer.
UNK: Ben Davidson : I never said I killed him.
UNK: Ben Davidson : I said a father might be justified.
UNK: Ben Davidson : Police told me Sam was shot in a robbery.
UNK: Ben Davidson : And, without evidence, there would be little chance
UNK: that his killer would ever be brought to justice.
UNK: Ben Davidson : So I guess we'll find out if that's really true.
UNK: I'd like to see a lawyer, if I could.
Castle : No, sweetie, I just wanted to make sure I said good night.
UNK: You got it. Strawberry happy-face pancakes on me.
UNK: Later.
Castle : Alexis missed me.
Beckett : How did you know?
UNK: Spidey sense.
Beckett : By the way, it was my mother, not my father.
Beckett : We were supposed to go to dinner together, my mom, my dad and I,
Beckett : and she was gonna meet us at the restaurant.
Beckett : But she never showed.
Beckett : Two hours later, we went home,
Beckett : and there was a detective waiting for us.
Beckett : Detective Raglin.
Beckett : They found her body.
Beckett : She had been stabbed.
UNK: Ben Davidson : A robbery?
UNK: No.
Beckett : She still had her money and purse and jewelry.
Beckett : And it wasn't a sexual assault, either.
Beckett : They attributed it to gang violence.
Beckett : Random wayward event.
Beckett : So, just like in Melanie's case, they couldn't think outside the box.
UNK: So they just tried to package it up nicely.
Beckett : And the killer was never caught.
Castle : Why do you wear the watch?
Beckett : My dad took her death hard.
Beckett : He's sober now. Five years.
Beckett : So, this is for the life that I saved.
UNK: And
UNK: Beckett cont'd : this is for the life that I lost.
Beckett : So, I guess your Nikki Heat has a back-story now, Castle.
Castle : I don't know.
Castle : I did kind of like the hooker-by-day, cop-by-night thing.
Castle : But I guess
Castle : a heavy emotional angle could work, too.
Beckett : Well, don't bewilder your audiences with substance on my account, Castle.
Castle : Until tomorrow, Detective.
Beckett : You can't just say "night"?
Castle : I'm a writer. "Night" is boring.
Castle : "Until tomorrow" is more hopeful.
Beckett : Yeah. Well, I'm a cop. Night.
UNK: Night.
Beckett : Hi, Dad.
Esposito : Remember, this never happened. I was never here.
Castle : You have my word. Thanks.
Esposito : If you tell her I did this, I will make you bleed.
UNK: Understood.
Esposito : Good luck.