UNK: Deloris Marsh : Yeah, that's my name.
Beckett : I know it was five years ago, Mrs. Marsh,
Beckett : but the only delivery that day was to your apartment.
Beckett : If you remember anything at all about the delivery...
Deloris : I remember I had to go downstairs and sort everything out.
Beckett : What do you mean, "Sort everything out"?
Deloris : I told the doorman I never ordered a freezer.
Deloris : But the guy brought it on up.
Deloris : He loaded it on the freight elevator while I was talking to the doorman.
Beckett : So, what happened when you were downstairs?
Deloris : I told the doorman they got the wrong apartment again,
UNK: and then, by the time I got back upstairs, the guy was gone.
UNK: Does this have anything to do with that missing woman?
Beckett : Yeah, it does.
Deloris : Yeah, 'cause I already told the other cop.
Beckett : Detective Sloan?
Deloris : I don't know his name, but I told him everything, same as you.
Castle : I don't get it. If Sloan had that woman's report,
Castle : why didn't he just follow up?
Beckett : He wasn't looking for the story. He'd already written it.
Castle : That's the same kind of truck we saw outside Charles Wyler's store.
Beckett : He must have a contract with them.
Castle : If you wanted some help with some heavy lifting, who would you call?
Beckett : Your best friend.
Beckett : We can trace the rental of the delivery truck to you, Mr. Wyler.
Beckett : If you want, I can bring the lady you delivered the freezer to
Beckett : in to identify you.
Wyler : Look, I had nothing to do with what happened to Melanie.
UNK: You lied about everything else. Why not about this?
Wyler : I never had any reason to hurt her.
Beckett : But Sam did, right?
Beckett : I mean, she kept going back to her ex-boyfriend.
Beckett : How much can a guy take?
UNK: He called me that night.
Wyler : He said he needed me to come over right away.
UNK: When I got there, the kids were asleep and Melanie was in the tub.
UNK: In a garment bag.
UNK: He said she came at him, and he just snapped.
UNK: Here's an idea. Instead of killing her, why not just get a divorce?
Wyler : You don't think I know how wrong this was?
Castle : Why did you take the risk? Why did you move that body?
Wyler : Because he made a very bad mistake.
Wyler : And what about the kids? Their mom is dead.
Wyler : If he goes to prison...
Beckett : So, you arranged for the truck.
Wyler : He said it could never be traced back to him.
Wyler : That's why we sent the freezer to the old lady.
Wyler : That's why I rented out the storage space.
Wyler : Because we knew the cops would look at Sam.
Beckett : You made the payments?
Wyler : Sam couldn't take any chances.
Wyler : He'd give me the cash, and I'd stop by twice a year.
Castle : For five years?
Wyler : Seemed a lot easier than moving her.
Beckett : Why did you stop paying?
Wyler : Look, I'm truly sorry about what happened to Melanie.
Wyler : But what was I supposed to do? Keep paying for the rest of my life?
UNK: The DA will make sure of that, Mr. Wyler.
UNK: Capt. Montgomery : Her body gets dumped because this guy Wyler didn't pay a bill?
UNK: That's...
Castle : You can say it. Pretty cold.
Castle : Ironic that such a selfish act ultimately revealed the truth.
Beckett : There were people who knew the truth all along.
Beckett : They just chose not to come forward.
UNK: Capt. Montgomery : Still, karma comes back and puts a cap in her husband's ass,
UNK: Capt. Montgomery : so all is right with the world.
UNK: I'm gonna go talk to Melanie's parents, let them know how this all shook out.
Beckett : You want to come?
Castle : The woman with the freezer delivery told us she talked to a cop.
Beckett : Yeah, Sloan.
Castle : Only he didn't list her name in his report.
Beckett : He didn't feel that it was important.
Beckett : After all, he didn't believe he was looking at a murder.
Castle : Right. So if you're not investigating a murder,
Castle : why would you talk to the neighbor about a freezer delivery?
Deloris : This must be some freezer.
Beckett : You mentioned a police officer, Mrs. Marsh.
Beckett : - I know it's been five years, but do... - I never said it was five years ago.
Castle : - When did he come see you? - Last year, sometime.
Deloris : I remember thinking, "Why is this cop asking me questions
UNK: "about a freezer I never ordered?"
Beckett : Do you remember anything about the man who came to see you?
Deloris : - He was older. - Uniform?
UNK: No. Plainclothes, like you.
UNK: He had gray hair and he walked with a limp.
UNK: -- [09 : - Ben Davidson. - Melanie's dad.
Castle : You could just leave it like this.
Castle : Sam's dead. The captain's happy.
Castle : Those kids look pretty happy.
Beckett : That's the difference between a novel and the real world, Castle.
Beckett : A cop doesn't get to decide how the story ends.
Beckett : Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Sir, I'm gonna have to take you with me down to the station.
UNK: Julie Davidson : Who is it, honey?
UNK: Julie Davidson : What is it, Ben?