Castle : I don't buy it. There's got to be an explanation.
UNK: A story that makes everything make sense.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. What's our Jane Doe's story?
Castle : Well, I don't know how it starts, but I know how it ends.
Castle : Frozen at a construction site.
Castle : So, flying monkeys aside, what's the first question?
Castle : How did she get there?
Ryan : Considering she was frozen solid, she had to have been kept pretty close.
Castle : Not necessarily.
UNK: Here is the site. Her body might not have been kept
UNK: as close as you might think.
UNK: It takes a long time for a frozen body to thaw.
Ryan : What? You freeze a body once for one of your books?
Castle : No. But I cooked a turkey for Thanksgiving.
UNK: It was a 28-pounder. It took all night to unfreeze.
Beckett : She's a person, Castle. Not a turkey.
Castle : Just making a point.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay, I'm on my way.
Beckett : Lanie's got an ID.
UNK: You'll take care of these?
Esposito : Hey, Ryan, can you... Thanks.
UNK: Melanie Cavanagh, 34 at time of death.
UNK: Turns out COD was blunt force trauma to her head.
Beckett : - How'd you get her ID? - Her fingerprints were in the system.
UNK: Act One [01 : - For... - Misdemeanor drug possession.
Castle : She doesn't look like a junkie.
UNK: No. She's in pretty good shape, considering.
UNK: But judging the lack of frost and tissue degeneration,
UNK: I'd say wherever she was stored, the temperature rarely varied.
Castle : - Like a freezer. - Freezer would do the job.
Beckett : How long has she been dead?
UNK: Well, considering how long she's been like this,
UNK: factoring decomposition, I'd say she probably was frozen
UNK: within 24 hours of being killed.
Beckett : What do you mean, "How long she's been like this?"
Lanie : According to the records I pulled,
Lanie : this woman's been missing for over five years.
Beckett : She had a troubled childhood,
UNK: drug problems in her teens and 20s.
Castle : I know.
Beckett : How do you know?
UNK: I read the case file. She kicked the habit.
UNK: Met and married Samuel Cavanagh. She worked in a restaurant.
UNK: He managed a bank. They have two kids.
Beckett : - When did you read the case file? - That...
Castle : - When you were in the little girls' room. - I was gone for like a minute.
Castle : Speed reader.
UNK: Something I picked up from my years stranded
Castle : in the New York Public Library.
UNK: Would you like the CliffsNotes or, in this case, the CastleNotes?
Beckett : Castle, how do you know you didn't miss something important?
Castle : Like, after Melanie disappeared,
Castle : her husband waited a day before he called the cops?
Beckett : A day? That doesn't make any sense.
UNK: Until you get to the third paragraph.
UNK: Before Melanie was married, she was what is now referred to
UNK: as a runaway bride.
Beckett : According to her husband, she ran away a whole two weeks
Beckett : before their wedding day.
Castle : And then she came back.
Castle : Three years happily ever after, she disappears again. Comes back.
Castle : Lather-rinse-repeat three times. No indication of where she went.
Beckett : Well, she must have had a reason for running away.
Castle : I'm not judging her.
Castle : Some people love the institution, hate the day-to-day.
Beckett : Are you one of those people, Castle?
Castle : I guess I just haven't met the right girl.
Castle : So, that's why her husband didn't call the cops.
Castle : She'd done it before.
Castle : Seemed reasonable to the detective at the time.
Beckett : There's no evidence of foul play, so the detective just closed the case.
Beckett : Five years, and her husband thought she just ran away?