UNK: Okay, you speak "guy. "
Beckett : If Sam had a lover, would his best friend know about it?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : - Detective. - You lied to us, Mr. Wyler.
Wyler : - Excuse me? - You don't think maybe it's relevant
UNK: your buddy Sam had an affair right about the time Melanie disappeared?
Wyler : That was a long time ago.
UNK: What's the point in dragging everybody through the mud?
Beckett : Haven't their kids been through enough?
Beckett : Don't they deserve some peace?
Beckett : What they deserve is to know what happened to their mother.
Wyler : Elizabeth Forte. Elizabeth Forte's her name.
Wyler : She worked with Sam at his bank.
Beckett : Mrs. Forte, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Rick Castle.
Elizabeth : Why am I here?
UNK: Does the name Samuel Cavanagh ring a bell?
Elizabeth : What about him?
Beckett : We found the body of his wife, Melanie.
Beckett : From the looks of it, she was killed
Beckett : somewhere around the time the two of you were having an affair.
Elizabeth : I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.
Beckett : Do you really want me to start digging around in your life, Mrs. Forte?
Beckett : Because that's exactly what I will do. I'll go through your old phone records,
Beckett : your credit card statements.
Beckett : I'll even talk to your husband if I have to.
Elizabeth : Please. Please don't do that.
Elizabeth : Gary doesn't know anything about it.
Castle : Just walk us through what you know.
Elizabeth : I met Sam when I got transferred to the downtown branch.
Elizabeth : He was in New Accounts.
Elizabeth : We were both pretty unhappy at the time.
Beckett : - How long was the affair? - Not long. Six months.
Castle : Why did it end?
Elizabeth : I realized I loved my husband.
UNK: Please. No one ends an affair
UNK: because they realize they're still in love.
UNK: They end an affair because they're scared.
UNK: Scared of taking it to the next level, scared of being found out,
UNK: scared of ruining their life.
UNK: So, tell us, Elizabeth, what were you scared of?
UNK: Him.
Elizabeth : I was scared of Sam.
Esposito : - Why? - He started to ask me what I would do
Elizabeth : if he wasn't with his wife, if she wasn't in the picture anymore.
Beckett : And when was that?
Elizabeth : A few weeks before she disappeared.
Elizabeth : When I found out she was missing, I broke things off.
Elizabeth : He became angry.
Elizabeth : It got so bad that I had to transfer to another branch.
Beckett : I'm sorry. You had to...
Beckett : Five years, Mrs. Forte. Five whole years,
Beckett : and you never came forward.
Elizabeth : What's it matter if Sam killed Melanie?
Elizabeth : He's dead. They're both dead. What's it matter anymore?