Alexis : You know, we have air conditioning.
Castle : I'm just trying to figure out
Castle : why someone would put a dead body in a freezer.
Alexis : Is this a Nikki Heat or Detective Beckett question?
UNK: Beckett.
Alexis : That's right. The Nikki Heat thing was about incinerating a body
Alexis : in a self-cleaning oven.
Castle : I mean, you put things in a freezer to keep them for later,
Castle : but once they're there, you rarely ever go back.
Alexis : If I was putting a body in a freezer, it'd be because I was trying to hide it.
Castle : Until you stop paying for the storage space.
Alexis : Did I stop, or did something stop me?
Castle : It's family moments like these I will never forget.
Alexis : With a good therapist, hopefully, I will.
Beckett : Mr. Wyler, the detective investigating Melanie's disappearance
Beckett : said that you told him that she went to an ex-boyfriend in Philadelphia.
Wyler : I only told him what Sam told me.
Beckett : Sam told you?
Wyler : It's where she went before the wedding, and a few times after.
Beckett : But you're not sure that's where she went.
UNK: It's the only thing that made sense.
UNK: Melanie was a good person, but Melanie was troubled.
UNK: Sometimes, when things got hard, she'd go out and score, you know.
UNK: Come home high, accuse Sam of ruining her life.
UNK: He'd given her everything.
Beckett : Do you remember the name of the boyfriend?
UNK: -- [17 : Kevin Henson.
UNK: If something happened to Melanie, he's the one who'd know what.
UNK: -- [17 : Kevin Henson, Melanie's ex-boyfriend.
Beckett : He's serving a year for meth in South Jersey.
Beckett : He went in just after the last payment was made on the storage unit.
Castle : He stops payments, storage guy finds her body.
UNK: Capt. Montgomery : Quite a coincidence.
Beckett : And he was also on the outside when her husband was whacked.
UNK: Capt. Montgomery : Sounds like he's worth a trip to South Jersey.
Henson : You ever been in love, Detective? Makes you do crazy things.
Beckett : Like kill someone?
Henson : Mel and I, when we were together, time just stopped.
Henson : But even the first day, her and me, we both knew it was never gonna work.
Henson : God knows her folks were never gonna let their little girl
UNK: end up with some tatted-up addict. But sometimes, see...
Henson : Sometimes when we were alone together...
Henson : Sometimes we almost believed.
UNK: She was gonna leave Sam.
Castle : That's why she came to see you.
Henson : She found out he was having an affair.
Henson : She thought he was gonna leave her and get custody of the kids, you know,
Henson : 'cause of the drugs. She wanted me to go with her.
Henson : Take the kids, just disappear.
Beckett : So what'd you do?
Henson : Put her on a bus.
Castle : You sent her away?
Henson : What she wanted, I couldn't give her.
Henson : Checked into rehab the next day. I thought if I could get clean...
Henson : That's where I was when she disappeared.
Henson : Time I got out, she was dead.
Beckett : How could you be sure she was dead?
Henson : She stopped calling. If she was alive, she would have called.
Castle : Well, an affair certainly explains a lot.
Castle : Sam kills Melanie, or he and his lover kill Melanie together.
UNK: Well, then who killed Sam?
Castle : The lover, when Sam backs out after all she's done for him.
Castle : It's not like she could go to the police if he broke his promise.
Beckett : How do you come up with these things, Castle?
Castle : I did not come up with this one. They did.