UNK: Eventually, they explode.
Beckett : You know, Castle,
UNK: I'm not saying that I condone what Darren did,
Beckett : but I do understand it.
Castle : Yeah. I understand wanting revenge.
Castle : The way he went about it doesn't add up, though.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Well, blackmail is revenge from a distance.
UNK: Murder's up close and personal.
Castle : It doesn't make sense he would do both.
Beckett : Don't underestimate him. I mean, the only reason
Beckett : that he copped to blackmail was to avoid murder charges.
Beckett : And like any psychopath, he's a great actor.
Esposito : Speaking of...
Castle : Psychopaths or actors?
Beckett : I was thinking about your mom.
Castle : Oh! So a little of both.
Castle : I think we can make the play.
UNK: Really? So you wanna venture into the dark, scary woods?
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle. I got a gun.
Beckett : I'll protect you from the Big Bad Wolf.
Castle : You'd use your gun on my mother?
UNK: I'm touched. Thank you.
UNK: INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Oh, wow, Castle, this is quite the soiree.
Castle : Yeah, it's a family trait. We tend to go big.
UNK: Cheers. Cheers.
UNK: Would you excuse me a moment? Yeah.
UNK: Hey.
ALEXIS : Hey, you came.
Martha : It means so much to me, darling.
ALEXIS : She was worried you wouldn't make it.
Castle : Break a leg, Mother. We have a schedule to keep.
UNK: Curtain in two minutes!
UNK: SIGHS I can't get this bow straight.
Castle : Allow me, allow me.
Martha : Maybe I should have Alexis do it.
Martha : I mean, how many bows have you tied in your lifetime?
UNK: Well, I only tie my shoes every day.
Castle : If you remember, you taught me?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. True.
Castle : The bow.
Castle : The bow was tied incorrectly.
Martha : Well, I told you we should have had Alexis do it.
UNK: Not your bow. The other bow. The one on her costume.
Castle : We arrested the wrong man.
Charlotte : What? I don't understand. So you're saying Darren didn't do it?
Castle : Well, he's guilty of blackmail, but that's as far as it goes.
Charlotte : So what if the killer's still out there? What if he comes after me?
Beckett : He won't. We have officers outside 24/7.
Beckett : We'll find him, Charlotte, we just... We need a bit of your help.
Jamie : Of course. Whatever I can do.
Beckett : Well, we think that the key to finding the real killer is through
Beckett : understanding exactly what happened the night of Owen's death.
Beckett : Can you answer a few questions?