UNK: obsessed with fairytales.
UNK: No, not that kind of adult role playing,
Castle : although there is that one, too.
UNK: And you know this how?
Castle : Did a little research.
Castle : Bo Peep.
UNK: Anyway, these people get dressed
Castle : in the outfits, they play the characters.
Castle : They even reenact the stories. Maybe that's what Amy was doing
Castle : when everything went horribly and tragically wrong.
Beckett : Castle, that is a surprisingly reasonable and grounded theory.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Frankly, I'm a little disappointed in myself.
Esposito : We all are, bro.
Esposito : So, I was going over Amy's financials for any unusual activity.
UNK: Four days ago, she took out $50,605 from her savings.
Esposito : All in cash.
Castle : $50,605? That's an odd amount for a withdrawal, especially in cash.
Esposito : Yeah, not only that, but the 50K,
Esposito : it's not in her apartment and I can't tie it to any recent purchases.
Beckett : Contact her bank, see if they know why she made that withdrawal.
Esposito : As you wish.
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Lanie's got news for us.
Lanie : I've got news, all right, but I'm not sure you're gonna like it.
Lanie : I found hairs like this one in a wound on the victim's arm.
Lanie : It didn't come from her, so I ran DNA.
Beckett : Did we get a match?
Lanie : The hair isn't human. It's wolf hair.
UNK: MOCK BAYING
Lanie : Simmer down, Castle. I'm not done with the story.
Noah : I'm sorry. What's the rest of it?
Lanie : Well, from the depth and the length of the gashes
Lanie : it looks like the marks were made by only one claw.
UNK: A one-legged wolf?
Lanie : I don't think it's a wolf at all.
Castle : But the hair and the claw.
Beckett : The killer wanted us to think it was a wolf to throw us off.
LANIE : Which would explain why there are no bite marks on the body.
Lanie : The gashes were inflicted by a human killer using a wolf claw.
Beckett : So, then, what's the real cause of death?
Lanie : Well, I found two fresh needle marks,
Lanie : both on the victim's back, so she didn't put them there herself.
Beckett : So she was drugged? Are there any signs of sexual assault?
Lanie : No, but tox results turned up ketamine and oxycodone.
Lanie : I'm thinking our guy sedated her with the ketamine,
Lanie : then dressed her in the costume,
Lanie : but the dose didn't quite knock her out.
Beckett : So she tried to run away from her killer.
Lanie : And when he caught her, he dosed her with oxy, and it was lights out.
Beckett : The drugs, the claw? This is murder, planned and pre-meditated.
Beckett : I mean, the killer staged the crime scene
Beckett : to evoke images of Little Red Riding Hood.
Castle : Yeah, but why would he do that?
UNK: Well, I'm less concerned about "why." What I'm wondering is "who."
Castle : So the killer must have lured Amy into the park.
Beckett : Which means he's someone that she knew and trusted.
Castle : Yeah, like Red Riding Hood trusted her cute little granny.
UNK: Yeah. Ryan, what did Amy's co-workers tell you?
Ryan : That she definitely wasn't herself lately.
UNK: Said she had been acting agitated
Ryan : since she missed a mandatory 1 : 00 staff meeting last Friday.
Ryan : Said it was for personal reasons.
Beckett : That's the same time that Amy stopped calling her sister.
Beckett : Ryan, can you look into her emails and phone calls?
UNK: I wanna know what was going on with her.
UNK: Yep.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett, there's something you need to see.
Castle : Right over there.
Beckett : Is that what I think it is, in her hand?
Castle : Poisoned apple.
Beckett : She's Snow White.
Castle : Looks like we've got a fairytale killer on our hands.
ESPOSITO : Yo, Beckett.
Beckett : Excuse me.
ESPOSITO : Her MedicAlert bracelet got us an ID.
Esposito : She's Kristina Curtis, 25, lives on the Upper East Side.
Beckett : Does she have next of kin? Yeah, her husband.
Ryan : His name's Noah Curtis.