Castle : It's old school, but it's effective.
BECKETT : You guys, for all we know,
Beckett : he's targeting Sleeping Beauty as we speak.
UNK: Yo. I got something.
UNK: That missing hour of Kristina's at lunchtime last Friday?
UNK: Tech found a map search on her tablet that day at 12 : 50 p.m.
UNK: Walking directions to Glassman's Cafe on the Upper West Side.
Beckett : Okay, great. You guys go to the cafe.
Beckett : See if you can figure out who she was meeting with.
Ryan : On it.
Beckett : In the meantime, I'm gonna get ahold of uniforms
Beckett : and ask them to double foot patrols in parks.
UNK: Only he's not gonna strike in a park this time.
UNK: In the Grimm stories,
Beckett : Red Riding Hood and Snow White were found in the woods.
Castle : But Sleeping Beauty...
Beckett : Was found in her bedroom.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Great, so that narrows it down to several million apartments,
Beckett : and that is just in Manhattan.
Castle : It doesn't make sense.
Beckett : What doesn't make any sense?
Castle : His motive.
Castle : All serial killers are expressing some psychological impulse.
Castle : Somewhere deep down, there's a twisted logic to their insanity.
Beckett : Okay, keep going.
Castle : In the original Grimm's tales,
Castle : Red Riding Hood, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty,
Castle : they all end up near death, but were saved at the last minute.
Beckett : It's like he's trying to take away our victims' happy endings.
CASTLE : Right, not only that,
UNK: but he could've ordered any costume, but he picked these.
UNK: He took great care in the details, the wolf's claw, the apple.
Castle : He chose these characters for a reason.
Castle : He chose these women for a reason.
Castle : I just haven't figured it out yet.
Beckett : Whatever it is, it has to be connected
Beckett : to the cash that they withdrew.
Castle : Maybe he's choosing women with healthy bank accounts.
UNK: Bank. Sorry?
Beckett : Kristina and Amy both withdrew the same amount of money.
Beckett : Maybe our Sleeping Beauty did as well.
Castle : The IRS requires banks to report any transactions over $10,000.
Castle : So they would have a record of it. Exactly.
Jesse : Yeah, she was here. It was last Friday, during the lunch rush.
Jesse : Right after I spilled ketchup on my new jeans.
Jesse : They were 70% off. Amazing sale.
Esposito : Was she by herself?
Jesse : No. It was a party of three.
Ryan : Three? Do you remember who else she was with?
Jesse : Two other women.
Jesse : I've never been questioned by cops before.
Jesse : You mind if I tweet about this?
UNK: Yeah, yes, we do mind.
Esposito : This one of the women?
Jesse : Yeah. Are they criminals or something?
Jesse : 'Cause I was getting more of an Upper East Side vibe.
Esposito : No, but this third woman may be in danger.
Esposito : So we need to identify her as soon as possible.
Ryan : Do you remember if she maybe paid
Esposito : with a credit card, maybe you caught her name?
Jesse : Nope, they paid cash.
Ryan : Was anyone else with them? A man?
UNK: No.
Ryan : Did you notice anyone watching them?
Jesse : Some of the other customers, but only because they were arguing.
Ryan : About what?
Leslie : I don't know, I kind of tried to eavesdrop.
Jesse : But every time I went over there,
Jesse : they gave me the death stare.
Jesse : Whatever they were talking about, they didn't want me to hear.
Beckett : Okay, so, the IRS search reveals 10 different cash transactions
UNK: between $50,000 and $60,000 that day.
UNK: Two belonged to our Red Riding Hood and Snow White,
UNK: that leaves us eight.
UNK: Five of them were made by males, leaving three women.
Beckett : Jessica Harper, Charlotte Boyd and Dana Wilson.
Castle : Harper and Wilson are in their 50s. They don't fit the profile.
Beckett : Which leaves us Charlotte Boyd.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : Kristina was here with Amy Morgan and a third woman last Friday.
Beckett : Let me guess. In her 20s, brown hair, brown eyes, exotic-looking.
UNK: Yeah. How did you know?
Castle : Charlotte isn't answering.
Beckett : Her name's Charlotte Boyd.
Beckett : Ryan, I'm gonna text you her address. Just meet us over there.
UNK: Beckett!
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Call an ambulance. She's still alive.
Beckett : Okay, yeah. Just keep me posted on her status. Thanks.
Beckett : So that was the ER. Charlotte is stable but still unconscious.
Lanie : Ketamine and oxycodone?
Beckett : Yeah, and without treatment, her heart could've stopped.
UNK: The doctors say we got there just in time.
Castle : Just like in the fairytale.
Beckett : So, what, you're Prince Charming now?
Castle : Well, if the shoe fits.
Castle : No, I'm just glad we had a happy ending.
Beckett : It won't be a happy ending
Beckett : until evil is vanquished and locked in the dungeon.
Castle : We're closing in on him.
Beckett : Yeah, but he's still a step ahead.
Beckett : I'm hoping that he left some kind of evidence behind.
Esposito : Yo, we've done a full sweep. No sign of the $50,605.
Beckett : A luxury condo, and that much money?
Beckett : What does this girl do for a living?
Esposito : She worked for a real estate firm as a high-end broker.
UNK: If you didn't have 10 mil to plunk down on an apartment,