Robin : Canada isn't across the Atlantic.
Barney : You're talking nonsense.
Barney : Now, listen...
Barney : You slipped up. It's fine.
Barney : The test is in a few hours.
Robin : Barney, I'm not taking the test.
Barney : God, you're still drunk.
UNK: Look, I-I appreciate your help, but...
Robin : who am I kidding? I'm Canadian.
Robin : I always will be.
Barney : Now, that's ridiculous.
Barney : We're gonna get some coffee In you, we'll sober you up,
Barney : and get you back to New York for that test.
Barney : But, before any of that,
Barney : we're gonna do it on this bed
Barney : 'cause... hotel room.
Barney : Okay, let's get some coffee.
UNK: Kind of gross. You're making me wonder
Marshall : if this pizza is worth the 22-hour drive.
Ted : Just like old times!
Marshall : I feel so young again except for the chest pains.
Ted : But the crust is so good.
Ted : What is the secret to this crust?
Man : It's no big secret.
Man : It's made of cornmeal.
Woman : Cornmeal...
Lily : We'd love a cornmeal body scrub!
Ted : I can't believe you guys are closing.
Ted : I can't believe we're still open.
Man : Gotcha!
Man : These are getting bigger.
Barney : It's like an entire country without a tailor.
Robin : Yeah, give me two coffees.
Women : $3.50, please.
Women : Hey, what did you think of the game last night?
Robin : What game?
Women : The Leafs beat Edmonton.
Women : Beauchemin went five hole in OT.
Robin : Oh, I guess I missed it.
Women : Oh, sorry. You're American.
Women : Here's your change.
Robin : I'm not American.
Women : American money?
Women : Didn't watch the Leafs game?
Women : No "please" or "thank you" for the coffee?
Women : You sure don't seem like a Canadian.
Barney : What's wrong? Other than the fact
UNK: that this five-dollar bill they gave you is blue.
Robin : Wow. I'm not American,
Robin : and apparently, I'm not Canadian either.
Barney : And there's kids playing hokey on the back.
Barney : It's like you want us to make fun of you.
Marshall : I don't want this anymore.
Ted : Dude, don't look at it. That's a rookie mistake.
Marshall : We shouldn't have left Lily.
Ted : Well, if you're so worried,
Ted : why don't you give her a call?
Ted : I have. I left her, like, 20 messages.
Marshall : I said, "I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
Marshall : It's all Ted's fault!"
Ted : What exactly is "Ted's fault"?
Marshall : This! This whole thing!
Marshall : We were having a perfectly nice trip,
Marshall : and then you kidnapped me.
Marshall : You didn't even let me put on underwear!
Ted : We never used to put on underwear!
Ted : That was the fun of a bro's trip to Gazzola's!
Ted : We left everything, and everyone behind.
Ted : It was just you and me!
Ted : But now it's like you've disappeared into Lily.
Marshall : That is not true.
Ted : It is true. You're not upset
Ted : because you're worried she's mad. You're upset because
Ted : you'd rather be with her, eating muffins
Ted : than here with me, eating this delicious...
Ted : I think one of my mushrooms just crawled away.
Marshall : Well, you know what?
Marshall : That mushroom's not the only thing that's leaving.
Marshall : Car keys, please.
Barney : Look at this money!
Barney : This one has a moose, this one has a beaver,
Barney : and they all have Elton John on the back.
Robin : When I moved to the States,
Robin : I swore to myself, I wasn't going to change.