Robin : And yet, here I am, in the most Canadian place in the universe--
Robin : Tim Horton's-- around the corner from the Hockey Hall of Fame,
Robin : and I don't belong.
Robin : It's like I don't have a country.
UNK: Okay, that's it.
UNK: Attention, Canada!
UNK: I am Barney from America.
UNK: And I'm here to fix your backward-ass country.
UNK: get real money.
UNK: Don't know what board game this came from, but it's a "jhoke."
UNK: Number two-- and this is the biggie--
UNK: Quit letting awesome chicks like Robin Scherbatsky get away
UNK: because, guess what?
UNK: You don't want her? I'm planting my flag in her--
UNK: if you know what I mean, which you probably don't--
UNK: and getting her the hell out of here.
UNK: You may now return to being pointless.
UNK: Ah, this coffee is excellent.
UNK: Oh. Hey, fellas.
UNK: It's called a "tie."
Kenny : Sparky was my best friend, but after I married Helen,
Kenny : old Spark started to feel a little left out.
Ted : For so long, it had been just me and him,
Kenny : but now he suddenly felt like Helen had taken his place.
Kenny : What Sparky didn't realize was, even though I loved Helen,
Kenny : I still loved him, too.
Kenny : I had room in my heart for both of them.
Kenny : But maybe I should have put aside
Kenny : some special ball-tossing time just for the two of us
UNK: to make sure Sparky knew that he was a good boy.
Kenny : I wish now I had,
Kenny : 'cause old Sparky ran out in front of a Cadillac
Kenny : and got splattered like a watermelon
Kenny : in one of them Gallagher shows.
Marshall : I'm sorry, Ted! I'm sorry!
Ted : No, I'm sorry.
Ted : I never should have been mad at you!
Marshall : No, I never should have brought Lily.
Marshall : She pees all the time, even at the apartment.
Marshall : Still bros?
Ted : Best bros.
Ted : Hey, you want to crank some Van Halen just like old times?
Marshall : Hells, yeah!
Ted : Or listen to the Sparky book again?
Ted : Listen to the Sparky book again.
Ted : Okay. Let's listen to it again.
Barney : Man, those Canadian doctors banded me up,
Barney : reset my jaw, put my shoulder back in its socket,
Barney : and they didn't even bill me. Idiots.
Lily : All right, I guess they're not idiots.
Barney : The coffee was extraordinary.
Barney : Huh.
Barney : I guess Canada's not so bad.
Barney : They play their cards right,
Barney : maybe they can even become a state someday.
Robin : Barney, I've thought about this.
Robin : When you stood up and told off those people,
Robin : I thought, "Yeah, America's cool." Hmm.
Robin : And then when those guys pounded the stuffing out of you,
Robin : I thought, "Yeah, Canada's pretty cool, too."
UNK: I-I may have taken a few pokes myself.
Robin : So, I've decided, dual citizenship.
Robin : I'm going to be American and Canadian.
Barney : Wait, you can do that?
Robin : Yeah, dummy.
Robin : Instead of being a woman with no country,
Robin : I'm going to be a woman with two.
Barney : I see.
Robin : You understand?
Barney : No, I can see out of my left eye again.
Marshall : Hey, baby?
Marshall : Baby?
Lily : Hmm? Yeah?
Marshall : I'm so sorry that we left you.
Lily : Did you go somewhere, sweetie?
UNK: Yes, kids, it turns out Crumpet Manor
UNK: had pampered Lily into a nearly comatose state of relaxation.
UNK: She didn't even notice we were gone.
Barney : Mmm....
UNK: Ted 2030 : ...
Lily : Oh, oh, oh...
Ted : Yeah...
Lily : So, I had a great time, too.
Marshall : That's good.
Marshall : And I'm so sorry you didn't get any pizza.
Lily : Oh, that's okay.
UNK: And if she didn't mean it then,
UNK: she certainly meant it 19 minutes later.
Marshall : God, my stomach!
UNK: Damn you, Gozzola's!
Ted : It's like a hot ball of lead!
Marshall : Baby, cut it out of me.
Marshall : That was a wild trip, huh, Ted?
Ted : I know. It was kind of crazy.
Ted : But how great is it to drink some Tantrum again?
Marshall : You know who had fun, was Lily.
Marshall : Lily drank like, four cans of the stuff.
UNK: Right, Lil?
Marshall : Where's Lily?
Ted : Tantrum!
Lily : I have to pee.