Ted : Yeah, I heard him. Okay.
Lily : Road trip!
Lily : So you guys want to talk about bitches?
Lily : I'm kidding. They're called women.
UNK: All right, next stop : Chicago.
Lily : I have to pee.
Ted : Couldn't you have gone before we left?
Lily : I did. I just pee a lot.
Lily : You'll see.
Marshall : Don't worry, we'll get out on the road,
Marshall : it'll be just like old times.
UNK: It wasn't.
UNK: * I would walk 500 miles
UNK: * And I would walk 500 more...
Lily : Sugar snap pea?
UNK: Ted, joining them : Pea...
Lily : That reminds me, I have to pee.
Ted : Okay, straight, straight, straight.
Ted : Now, wait, a little to the left.
Ted : We'll pass a state trooper.
UNK: Lily, fighting Ted : Ooh, punch buggy yellow!
UNK: Lily, fighting Ted : Ow!
Lily : Yellow-- that reminds me, I have to pee.
Ted : Thank you!
fighting : Great.
Lily : Oh, hey, Ted...
Ted : You can't have to go again.
Ted : It's not humanly possible.
Lily : No, I was just going to say maybe we should listen to something.
Ted : Oh, that's a great idea. I think I have some Jerky Boys.
UNK: Good-bye, Sparky.
Lily : It's an audio book about a boy and his dog.
Lily : It made Elisabeth Hasselbeck cry.
UNK: Good-bye Sparky, by Nick Leotti.
Voice : Read to you by Kenny Rogers.
Marshall : Oh!
UNK: When I first saw Sparky,
UNK: he reminded me of my favorite comb;
UNK: he was missing a lot of teeth, but I loved him anyway.
UNK: Mother was fit to be tied
UNK: every time he used her prized rhododendron
UNK: to do his business.
Lily : That reminds me, I have to pee.
Barney : "How many stars are on the flag?"
Robin : 50-- one for each state.
Barney : "What are the first ten amendments
Barney : to the Constitution called?"
Robin : The Bill of Rights.
Robin : Look, Barney, I know all this. I'm ready.
UNK: Ready for the test maybe, but ready to be an American?
UNK: Not on your sweet life.
UNK: For you to be an American,
UNK: we got to get the Canadian out of you.
UNK: That's why I've created these questions.
UNK: "Who is this?"
Robin : Queen Elizabeth II.
UNK: No, the answer is Elton John.
UNK: "What the hell is this?"
Robin : Oh, curling.
Robin : Um, it's a sport played...
Barney : Wrong. The answer we were looking for
Barney : was "I don't care, it's dumb."
Barney : Let's go buy something that's bad for us
Barney : and then sue the people who made it.
Barney : That's America, Robin.
Kenny : ...because Sparky loved chasing a ball,
Kenny : and it didn't much matter what kind.
Kenny : Tennis ball, baseball, Wiffle ball,
Kenny : golf ball, basketball,
Kenny : beach ball, gum ball,
Kenny : a grapefruit-- which isn't actually a ball,
UNK: but 's round like a ball--
Kenny : a football-- which isn't round,
Kenny : but it's still technically a ball--
Kenny : Indian rubber ball...
Voice : This ends disk seven.
Voice : The audio book continues on disk eight.
Voice : Disk eight.
Kenny : Lacrosse ball, volleyball...
Ted : Oh, my God, Lily, please tell me you have to go pee!
Lily : Ah, I do.
UNK: It was the worst trip ever,
UNK: but then it got worse.
Marshall : Well, don't worry, the next exit's the hotel.
Marshall : We can go there.
Ted : Hotel?
UNK: Crumpet Manor is listed
Woman : in the American Registry of Historic Bed-and-Breakfasts.
Woman : Our door is opened on Christmas day, 1881.
Woman : And we have catered to couples ever since.
Marshall : Well, I mean, single people can have fun here, too, right?
Woman : Oh, I suppose I could arrange a little recreation.
Woman : Do you enjoy sitting on a bench?
UNK: Ted 2030 : And by the end of the night, Barney had turned Robin into a real American.
Robin : I want to say-- Jefferson?
Barney : Correct. Oh!
Barney : Archie Bunker's neighbor was George Jefferson.