UNK: and enjoyed leisure time a little differently.
fighting : You want to go? You want to go?! Come on!
fighting : Make fun of the Great White North all you want.
fighting : It's the best country in the world.
Robin : The... Mmmm.
Barney : Social experiment.
Barney : U.S.A., U.S.A.
Robin : Okay, okay. You know what,
Robin : What does that even prove, okay?
Robin : You chant anything, people will join in.
Robin : Canada, Canada,
UNK: Ted 2030 : Cana... Okay, they won't chant anything.
UNK: Barney, singing : Shrimp fried rice,
UNK: Barney, singing : Shrimp fried rice, Shrimp fried rice,
UNK: Barney, singing : Shrimp fried rice, Shrimp fried rice...
UNK: Barney, singing : Shrimp fried rice-- totally.
UNK: Ted, joining them : Anyway, speaking of food,
UNK: Ted, joining them : Marshall, I've got so bad news.
UNK: Ted, joining them : Just read online, Gazzola's is closing.
Marshall : No!
UNK: What's Gazzola's?
Ted : A filthy mecca of spectacular if undercooked pizza
Ted : located at 316 Kinzie Street, Chicago, Illinois.
Marshall : Back in college, Ted and I used to take these crazy road trips
Marshall : from Connecticut all the way to Chicago
UNK: Just for a Gazzola's pizza.
Ted : 22 hours.
Ted : No map.
Ted : We'd just jump in the Fiero and drive.
Ted : We were like Lewis and Clark,
Ted : if Lewis and Clark peed in empty soda bottles
Ted : and had a bong made out of a cantaloupe.
Marshall : Man, those Gazzola trips,
Marshall : that's... that's when we really became bros.
Ted : Mm. We ate nothing but jerky.
Marshall : Drank nothing but Tantrum.
UNK: Ah, Tantrum.
UNK: Tantrum was a soft drink with the highest caffeine content
UNK: legally available over the counter.
UNK: It was eventually discontinued
UNK: after an extensive study by the FDA.
Marshall : Oh, man, we went through a whole case of Tantrum one trip.
UNK: I was color-blind for two weeks after that.
Marshall : I think that's the reason that I pass out
Marshall : when I hear church bells.
Ted : It's probably a good thing they're closing Gazzola's.
Ted : Those trips were brutal, right?
Ted : The long hours in the car, the motion sickness, the smell.
Marshall : So what time are we leaving for Gazzola's tomorrow? I was thinking 9 : 00, 9 : 30.
Ted : I am ready to hit the road.
Ted : I got baby wipes.
Ted : I got a variety of jerky.
Ted : I got six cans of Tantrum.
Ted : Well, four.
UNK: One burned through the can, the other one I drank already.
Ted : Tantrum!
Ted : I am so psyched! Marshall and I
Ted : haven't done something, just the two of us, for so long.
Ted : Ever since he got married, he's turned from an "I" to a "we."
Barney : What do you mean?
Ted : Think about it.
Ted : Hey, haven't seen you all week. How you doing?
UNK: Marshall, in bar with Lily : We're doing great.
UNK: Did you watch the Jets game?
Marshall : We most certainly did.
Ted : How'd things go at the doctor?
Marshall : We no longer have a hemorrhoid problem.
Barney : Hmm.
Robin : You guys will not believe this.
Robin : I've been talking to my lawyer all morning.
Robin : You know that guy I have
Robin : a slight disagreement
Robin : with at the Hoser Hut? He's filing assault charges.
fighting : Come on!
Robin : I broke his nose with a chair.
Robin : And now, apparently, I may end up getting deported.
Ted : Oh, my God, that sucks! Yeah.
Ted : I'm gonna go do push-ups in the kitchen.
Ted : Tantrum!
Robin : Well, there's only one possible way to avoid getting deported.
Robin : My lawyer said I could become an American citizen.
Barney : Perfect. Problem solved. Welcome aboard.
Robin : Well, it's not that simple.
Robin : I'm a Canadian. I was born there.
Robin : My family's there. It's who I am.
Barney : I know, and it's provided us with a lot of laughs.
Barney : But, Robin,
Barney : if you want to live here, work here
Barney : and throw chairs at people here, you have to do this.
Robin : Well, there's a citizenship test tomorrow.
Robin : A cit... I'll think about it.
Barney : No, no, you have to do it.
Barney : I'll help you study.
Barney : We're gonna stay up all night long.
Barney : I'm gonna drill you, and then we're gonna study.
Barney : No, seriously.
Barney : We're gonna do some cramming
Barney : and then we're gonna study.
Barney : No, seriously. We're gonna bone up on...
Robin : Okay, Barney. Sorry.
Barney : It's a rich area. It is.
Barney : But you know, it's not going to be easy, this test.
Barney : It's not like the Canadian citizenship test.
Robin : How do you know the Canadian test is easy?
UNK: It's Canada.
UNK: Do you want to be Canadian?
UNK: Really?