Cuddy : Get some sleep.
UNK: I'm not sleepy, Mommy.
UNK: Mystery Woman : Me neither.
House : Who are you? And why are you stalking me?
UNK: Mystery Woman : Technically, you're stalking me.
House : What is that?
UNK: A mosquito?
UNK: Mystery Woman : Maybe just a fly.
House : In the ointment.
House : So there's something wrong,
House : there's some detail I'm not noticing that's spoiling the big picture.
House : Is this significant? Or is this dream just going in a different direction now?
UNK: Mystery Woman : Guess that depends.
UNK: Mystery Woman : What are you going to do with that?
House : I have to tie this around you.
UNK: Mystery Woman : I'm cold.
House : Stay with me.
House : Why did I say that?
UNK: Hey. Go away.
House : It's not over.
House : I saved the wrong person.
House : This wasn't just a dream, or a fantasy, or a drug-induced trip to Wonderland.
Cuddy : So the bus driver with the air bubble was just a coincidence.
UNK: No. I got the causation flipped. The bubble didn't cause the crash.
House : The crash caused the bubble to dislodge.
House : There was no myoclonic jerk. I saw something else
House : in someone else.
Cuddy : You're not leaving.
House : What's the most dangerous thing a patient could do
House : when his brain is on the brink of herniating?
Cuddy : Elevated heart rate, BP, which is exactly why you need to stop.
House : Instead of sleeping, I'm going to be pacing around this apartment,
House : trying to decipher those visions.
Cuddy : Why does this matter so much?
House : I don't know.
Cuddy : Heart rate?
UNK: 127. BP?
House : Contextual memory, I need to get back on that bus with all 31 passengers
House : to remember who and what I saw.
UNK: I'm not gonna call in crash victims because you've gone insane.
House : Maybe I don't need the actual victims.
UNK: Who's playing Anne McKeon? Right here.
House : Jane Doe #2 from Princeton General? Right here.
UNK: You, too, that's right.
UNK: Goth Kid, at the back, on the right.
House : Yeah, here.
UNK: Okay.
Chase : You think that staring at pictures on our shirts
Chase : is going to be more effective than hypnosis?
UNK: If you'd stop talking, the re-enactment could stimulate activity in my hippocampus
House : and parahippocampal cortex.
Cameron : How long do we have to sit here
Cameron : before you are stimulated?
Ann : Stop staring at my breasts.
UNK: And don't say, "Or lack thereof. "
Dancer : You okay?
UNK: What did you see?
House : Just slipped away.
Cuddy : Is that Vicodin?
UNK: No, just a little memory pick-me-up.