House : I saw somebody dying.
UNK: You saw 30 people flying into glass and metal.
House : I saw a symptom before the crash.
Wilson : You're concussed. You don't know what you saw
Wilson : and you don't know when you saw it.
Wilson : A week ago, you noticed a symptom in a soap star.
House : Bad argument, since I was right about that.
Wilson : But your brain obviously thinks it happened last night. Wires are crossed.
Cameron : That's all of it. A few stitches will hold your brain in place.
UNK: Ow!
Cameron : Hey, hold your head still unless you want me to sew your nose onto your eye.
UNK: Why was I taking a bus?
Wilson : Because you were drunk.
House : What if I saw someone and I followed them on from
House : somewhere in Princeton?
Dancer : You okay?
UNK: Perfect.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: You. Get histories from everyone in here.
Wilson : Did you just forget his name?
UNK: No.
House : Lesbian, find out if anybody on that bus was taken to other hospitals.
Thirteen : You just forgot mine.
House : No, Thirteen.
House : I just wanted to call you a lesbian. I'm not a lesbian.
UNK: I was rounding up from 50 percent. Find my cane and motorcycle.
House : Figure out where I went last night.
Kutner : Where's your cane and motorcycle, and where'd you go last night?
UNK: You're gonna trust me? I lie about everything.
UNK: You're staying the night. We need to monitor your brain for swelling.
House : How much bigger could it get?
Wilson : You don't think it's
Wilson : a little weird that there's both a giant crash
Wilson : and a simultaneous, mysterious symptom sighting?
House : What if it's not a coincidence?
Wilson : You mean like the hand of God reaching down and screwing with you?
House : That, or the symptom caused the crash.
House : You see anybody in a bus driver's uniform?
House : Right here, purpura on Lalph Klamden's neck.
UNK: Indicative of leukemia.
UNK: It caused a bleed in the brain, hence the accident.
Wilson : Indicative of wearing a seatbelt. It's just a bruise.
UNK: I have leukemia?
House : No, we just ruled that out.
UNK: Pay attention. So he probably had a seizure.
UNK: Bus Driver : I didn't have a seizure. I got hit by a garbage truck.
House : Which you drove into while you were seizing.
Wilson : You saw the bus driver exhibiting the initial stages of a seizure
Wilson : and didn't bother telling him to pull over?
UNK: Hey!
House : Nobody leaves here until I say they can be discharged.
UNK: She said I was... Is she me?
House : You have a fever.
UNK: Wheelchair Guy : No, I'm fine.
UNK: 98.6.
House : I need him to stay.
Nurse : Pulse is normal, BP's normal, everything's normal.
UNK: Wheelchair Guy : I just have a stiff neck from the crash.
UNK: Wheelchair Guy : Stiff neck.
House : This man has meningitis.
House : We need to quarantine the whole ER.
House : No one leaves here until their full work-up is complete.
UNK: You left here at 5 : 23 p. m.
UNK: Your motorcycle never made it home.
House : Well, that covers ten seconds out of the four hours I can't remember.
House : Where else did you look?
Kutner : We did pull up a list of all the injuries.
Kutner : Twenty-two victims were brought here,
Kutner : injuries ranging from a broken pelvis to a severed right foot.
Taub : The other eight were taken over to Princeton General.