House : Be helpful if these came with head shots and resumes.
UNK: Twenty-something-year-old Jane Doe, kidney contusion, laceration on her leg.
House : Both of which are expected complications
House : when someone goes from 60 to 0 in no seconds flat.
Taub : Weirdest thing we've got is a ruptured spleen.
House : Okay, new plan. We make a list of all the bars between here and the crash site,
UNK: we find out where I went, we go there... On it.
UNK: You're not gonna do anything, are you?
UNK: We're gonna go to the ER and do our jobs.
UNK: Someone's dying because I can't remember...
Taub : When you remember, you can page us.
Kutner : The shortest distance between here and your memory
Kutner : is straight through your pre-frontal cortex. All we have to do is access it.
Taub : Great idea. I'll build the giant submarine, you get the miniaturization gizmo.
Kutner : Medical hypnosis can bring the brain to a Class 2 Theta state,
Kutner : increasing focus and memory retrieval.
UNK: You're not gonna make me do the chicken dance, are you?
UNK: Someone in the surgical department must be trained.
Chase : Just relax. Keep letting go of any intrusive thoughts.
House : So what? You saw an ad on the back of a comic book?
Chase : I did a rotation in Melbourne.
Chase : Focus on the sound of your breath.
Wilson : You're taxing an already injured brain.
Wilson : It's like telling him to walk it off after a broken ankle.
Chase : Wilson is done talking now.
Chase : Visualize the bus.
Chase : The way it looked.
Chase : The way it smelled.
Chase : The people on it. What they look like.
House : This is a waste of
UNK: time.
UNK: Cool.
Chase : Focus on the details.
House : The bus is empty.
Wilson : Is this really working?
UNK: Chase [to Wilson] : Just focus. Clear your mind. Think back to how you felt.
UNK: Chase [to Wilson] : Details you saw.
House : I can't see out the windows.
House : And I can see you guys.
Chase : Memories further from the incident should be clearer.
Chase : Where were you before you got on the bus?
UNK: Why'd you get so drunk at 5 : 00 in the afternoon, alone?
House : I need a reason?
UNK: God, I hate "Beer" brand beer.
Wilson : When he's hypnotized, can he lie?
UNK: He... I could be mistaken,
House : but I can't actually lie under hypnosis. Is he lying?
UNK: No. What are you running away from?
House : When I'm drinking, without you, what am I running away from?
House : One of those imponderables. Can we hold off on your insecurities
House : until we find this patient?
Chase : Do you see anyone in the bar?
House : I see a faceless crowd. How do I focus? Say something to make me focus.
Amber : He's concerned about you. Why does that mean he's insecure?
House : Get your girlfriend out of here.
UNK: It's a legit question. Amber's there?
Wilson : You've got Amber in your head?
House : You put her in my head.
House : I can't even have a conversation with you in my subconscious
House : without her tagging along.
UNK: She'd better have her clothes on.
UNK: Unfortunately.
House : I didn't mean to say that out loud.
Wilson : Say what out loud?
House : I didn't say it out loud?
UNK: Nothing.
Wilson : What's going on in there?
House : If I can't lie, I need these two out of here.
Chase : Let's just ignore Wilson and Amber from now on, shall we?
House : I wish it were that...
UNK: That's some program they've got down there in Melbourne. Cheers.
UNK: I remember the bartender. Good.
Chase : Now you're accessing your temporal lobe.
Chase : Does the bartender have any odd symptoms?
UNK: No, he seems fine.
UNK: Is anybody here sick? Anyone here taking the bus?
Dancer : You are.
House : Because you took my keys.
Chase : Good. This is good. Now we can retrace your steps.
Chase : Let's go back to the bus.
UNK: What's in front of you? Passengers.
Chase : Anything special about them?
House : Some Emo guitar hero wannabe.
Chase : You're focusing on him. Why?
House : Because nose picking could mean nasal pruritus.
House : He's dying.
House : You a nose picker? Do I have to answer...
House : If the answer was no, you would have answered.
House : Tilt your head back.
Cuddy : He's fine.
Cuddy : Doesn't even have meningitis.
Cuddy : Just like everybody else we've had to give meningitis shots to.
Cuddy : You can go.
UNK: You have a brain tumor.
UNK: Emo Guy : You're kidding, right?