UNK: Tests confirm the abdominal pain was caused by liver failure.
House : I assume you've already ruled out hepatitis and Wilson's.
Kutner : You should really be resting.
Thirteen : Give him five minutes. Brainstorming a few possibilities
Thirteen : isn't going to explode his brain. And if she's wrong,
House : that makes this phone call that much more exciting.
House : What about hepatic fibrosis?
UNK: Can't be, his Alk phos was normal.
Taub : Could be thyrotoxic periodic paralysis.
House : Did I mention this diagnosis needs to make sense?
Foreman : Why doesn't it make sense? Bus driver's Asian.
UNK: His potassium's slightly low.
UNK: If he got paralyzed while driving the bus,
House : don't you think I would have gotten off at the next stop?
Thirteen : Not if the next stop was at a 90-degree angle into an SUV.
House : The bus would have slowed, I would've noticed.
Nurse : Phone call's over.
Taub : TPP has all the confirmed symptoms. There's no downside to testing.
House : Genetic test is too slow. Run the bagel test.
UNK: Bus Driver : How many more bagels do I have to eat for this to work?
Thirteen : High carbs plus exercise is the quickest way to confirm TPP.
UNK: Bus Driver : I've been on this for half an hour. I'm not gonna collapse again.
UNK: Up the speed. Keep eating.
UNK: Yeah. So the carbo-loading marathon
House : isn't working.
House : Stop looking around suspiciously.
House : To answer your next two questions,
House : no, I am not there, and yes, you are completely predictable.
House : If the test had worked, you would have called
House : to put my delicate brain at ease.
Nurse : I told you not to lock the door.
House : Still wiping.
House : Put the phone up to bus driver's grill.
Nurse : Who are you talking to?
House : My large colon.
UNK: TPP's not consistent with your patient's labored breathing.
UNK: Patient has labored breathing
Kutner : because he's been on a treadmill for the last thirty minutes.
Nurse : Did you take my cell phone?
House : My large colon did. I'm negotiating its release.
UNK: Help.
House : What's happening?
Kutner : The test worked. He collapsed.
House : You're half right. He's wheezing, isn't he?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Can't wheeze without moving your chest muscles. This isn't TPP.
Kutner : Then what is it?
House : How am I supposed to know? I'm not there.
Taub : Right heart strain. He's still not oxygenating.
Kutner : Must be a pulmonary embolism.
House : So why haven't you pushed a vial of tPA?
Kutner : You let him back in? I asked him back in.
House : At the tail end of me patiently explaining how you idiots were idiots.
UNK: Pushed tPA 10 minutes ago.
House : That means it's not a clot. Has to be a clot.
Taub : If he had a bagel stuck in his windpipe, I would have seen it on the echo.
Foreman : Get him to the OR to suck it out.
House : Must have just screwed up the intubation.
House : Seal's good.
Taub : It's a clot, House.
House : Wait, wait.
House : Look at his teeth.
House : He's got shiny new caps. He's had recent dental surgery.
Cuddy : You can tell us what that means while we're rolling him to the OR.
Cuddy : House! House!
UNK: House!
House : Get a syringe.
Cuddy : I didn't bring you back here so you could stage a coup.
UNK: Listen to me. Dental air drill pushed an air bubble into his gums.
UNK: Dislodged while he's driving. Caused a myoclonic jerk.
House : That's what I must have seen. Then it hit his spine,
House : his liver, and now his lungs.
UNK: Dr. Hadley, open the door.
House : I'm not plumping his pillows here,
House : I'm putting him in the Trendelenburg position,
House : move the bubble to the apex of his heart
House : so you can suck it out. Now get the damn syringe.
Cuddy : I can't risk you stabbing him in the heart looking for an unconfirmed air bubble.
House : Stab him.
UNK: Dr. Hadley! See? She doesn't even know your name.
House : Stab his heart!
Hadley : Sats at 75.
House : Yes, he's suffocating. If you're wrong...
UNK: Shut up and make a decision. Keep standing there, he's dead either way.
Cuddy : Dr. Hadley!
Hadley : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : Open that door.
UNK: Don't shoot! Get him to the OR.
Hadley : The O2 sats.
UNK: It was an air bubble. He's okay.
House : The other nurse always used to tuck me in.
Cuddy : I'll be on the couch,
Cuddy : with a shotgun in my lap.
House : Worrying about me.
Cuddy : Making sure you don't try and make a limp for the border.