Cuddy : Your patient was driving the bus, so all you could see was him sitting down,
Cuddy : most likely facing forward.
House : From behind I saw his earlobes wiggling, or his head bobbing.
House : But not that.
Cuddy : Could indicate aortic insufficiency.
UNK: Marfan's syndrome. Or syphilis.
House : What if his earlobes were just drooping?
UNK: Ehlers-Danlos?
House : Or Cutis Laxa.
Cuddy : It's not fatal in adults.
UNK: Yes, he's an adult, very good point, keep going.
Cuddy : I'm distracting you.
UNK: No!
House : Dance, woman.
Cuddy : You'd rather be diagnosing.
House : I screamed no.
Cuddy : And your own subconscious ignored you.
Cuddy : Because you'd rather fantasize about finding symptoms.
Cuddy : How screwed up is that?
UNK: Hey, over here. Remember me?
UNK: Bus Driver : I'm the sick guy.
House : Tell me what I saw.
UNK: Bus Driver : Was it the blood dripping from my ear?
House : That doesn't make sense because your shirt wasn't stained.
House : And because that was me.
UNK: Bus Driver : I could have had a subtle hemiballismus, indicating the early stages of Huntington's.
House : Huntington's wouldn't explain the abdominal pain,
House : and it's only on the table because we're thinking of Thirteen.
UNK: Bus Driver : A shuffling gait could suggest Parkinson's.
House : Except there's no such thing as "shuffling sitting. "
UNK: Mystery Woman : He moved when he helped the old lady up the steps.
House : Who are you?
UNK: Mystery Woman : I'm the answer. Look.
House : At what?
UNK: Here.
House : You were right.
Cuddy : Help him up.
House : I got it, it's Parkinson's.
Thirteen : House. Your ear.
House : Start him on levodopa.
Wilson : You should sit down.
UNK: House!
House : Get that out of my face.
Nurse : Welcome back. I'm Nurse Dickerson.
House : I don't need your name.
House : And I got your profession from your super competent technique
House : of melting my retinas.
Nurse : Verbal faculties seem to be intact. Do you remember passing out?
House : I remember puking on Cuddy's shoes.
Nurse : Yeah, skull fractures tend to hurt.
House : Would hurt a lot less if you hadn't swiped my pain pills.
Nurse : Dr. Cuddy's orders. Wants me to regulate the amount of...
House : Wait a second. You brought muscle?
Nurse : Dr. Cuddy's orders.
House : Means I was wrong. My patient doesn't have Parkinson's.
House : Cuddy knows that's the only reason I wouldn't want to stay here
House : with my pain pills, porn and you forever.
Nurse : Vomiting means your brain injury is getting worse.
Kutner : House's skull fracture extends all the way down to his ear canal.
Foreman : House is being looked after. Our other patient has jaundice,
Foreman : low albumin and no diagnosis. Wilson's Disease.
Foreman : Thank you. But Wilson's wouldn't explain...
UNK: Foreman. How did you eliminate Parkinson's?