UNK: Todd Shipley : when I saw someone running out of the alley.
Ryan : This someone that ran away, what'd they look like?
UNK: Todd Shipley : I don't know. It was dark.
UNK: So's your future, Todd, if you don't start telling us the truth.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Man, I am!
UNK: Todd Shipley : Yo, ask Mr. Lee at the Korean grocery.
UNK: He's the one that sold me the soda.
Esposito : Timer was set for three minutes.
Esposito : There's no way he could've gotten downstairs from the 20th floor
Esposito : and bought a drink before the dye pack exploded.
UNK: All right, tell me this,
Esposito : did you see Hixton in the building at all during your shift?
UNK: Todd Shipley : Yeah, I was in the lobby when he came home around 11 : 00.
UNK: Todd Shipley : He was sweating like he'd been walking.
UNK: And since he'd left earlier in his Escalade,
UNK: Todd Shipley : I asked him where his car was.
UNK: Todd Shipley : He said someone had taken it from him.
UNK: So, Mr. Lee confirms Shipley's alibi.
Ryan : And Hixton's car is definitely missing.
Beckett : Well, it can't be a coincidence
Beckett : that on the same day Hixton's car was taken, he was killed.
UNK: The killer could've gotten Hixton's home key when he took his ride.
Ryan : Address was on the registration.
Ryan : He liked the car so much, he drove over to rob the apartment
UNK: and got caught in the act.
Castle : Yeah, but why would Hixton go home?
Castle : Why wouldn't he call the police, report the theft?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: The tracking company's got a lock on Hixton's Escalade.
UNK: Looks like it's heading west on Canal Street.
Castle : That's the Holland Tunnel.
Beckett : Our killer's making a run for it.
UNK: Name is Shawn York.
Ryan : Jersey police caught him driving Hixton's car down the turnpike.
Ryan : No sign of the stolen money, though.
Beckett : No disrespect to our Jersey brethren, but let's check that car again.
Beckett : Make sure that that money's not hidden behind a door panel
Beckett : or inside the wheel well.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : Hey, Ryan,
Castle : what would you do if you won the lottery?
UNK: Winery.
Castle : See? Everyone thinks about it.
UNK: Everybody thinks about what?
Castle : What they would do if they won the lottery.
UNK: A big-ass boat, 60-footer.
Montgomery : Monster spinnaker hanging off the bow,
UNK: two deep-sea rods hanging off the stern.
UNK: Sweet.
Beckett : Okay, while you guys are fantasizing about the size of your rods,
Beckett : I'm gonna go and interrogate our suspect.
UNK: Shawn York : Can I get a soda?
Beckett : I'm not your flight attendant.
Beckett : I'm a Homicide detective.
UNK: Homicide?
Beckett : You're a bit of a rambler, Shawn.
Beckett : Assault in El Paso, criminal trespass in Memphis,
Beckett : and now first degree murder in New York City.
UNK: Wait, time out. Who did I kill?
Eposito : Jay Hixton.
UNK: Shawn York : No. He was alive when I saw him.
Beckett : That was at the soup kitchen, where you jacked his car.
Beckett : But then you got greedy and you followed him to his apartment.
Beckett : He ends up dead, you end up 100 grand richer.
UNK: Shawn York : I didn't kill the guy, and I sure as hell didn't steal his car.
Beckett : Well, then how did you end up driving his car?
UNK: Shawn York : He gave it to me.
UNK: He gave you a $ 70,000 car. Why would he do that?
UNK: Look, I heard on the street Hixton believed in second chances,