Castle : It just magnifies your personality.
Esposito : Well, it wasn't all bad.
Esposito : He also bought a house for the clerk that sold him the winning ticket,
Esposito : a mausoleum for his dead neighbor,
Esposito : and three acres on the moon.
UNK: Get out of town.
Castle : He's right down the crater from me!
Beckett : Why doesn't it surprise me that you have property on the moon?
Castle : You know what, laugh it up.
Castle : When the Earth is a desiccated husk, you will be begging
Castle : to come live with me in the Nectaris Basin.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : So, I searched the car.
Beckett : Oh. Yeah. Sorry, York is not our guy.
UNK: It's okay. Jersey impound lot's nice this time of year.
Ryan : So, no money, as expected, but I did find this...
Beckett : A camera.
Ryan : ...lodged under the front seat.
Ryan : Clearly, it belongs to Hixton.
Beckett : These are surveillance photos.
Ryan : Yeah, a dozen of them.
Ryan : Date stamped last week. Hixton was following this guy.
UNK: All right, contact the family and butler.
Beckett : See if anyone recognizes him.
Beckett : Meanwhile, we've got a hole in our timeline that needs to be plugged.
Beckett : So, we know that Hixton called his wife at 8 : 00 pm,
Beckett : and we know he wasn't at the soup kitchen.
Beckett : Let's ping the carrier, see if they know where he was.
UNK: What?
Castle : Would you quit your job?
Castle : If you won the lottery, would you quit being a cop?
Beckett : Well, what else would I do?
Castle : Supermodel, brain surgeon,
Castle : American Gladiator.
Beckett : Oh, you got me there, Castle.
Beckett : I've always wanted to leave the force and become an American Gladiator.
UNK: Why don't you wanna tell me?
UNK: Because there's nothing really to tell.
Castle : Come on. You must have a dream.
Beckett : Sure, I do.
Beckett : Solve this case, go home, take a nice long bath.
Beckett : But it doesn't look like that's going to happen tonight.
Beckett : Hixton's phone carrier.
Beckett : Hey, Esposito.
Beckett : That phone call to Hixton's wife came from the 500 block of Lexington.
Beckett : I don't think we can get a more exact address
UNK: so we're gonna have to canvass.
UNK: Or maybe not. I just saw Lexington Avenue in his financials.
UNK: Yeah, right here.
UNK: He wrote two checks last month, $ 10,000 each,
UNK: to a company called Meech Industries.
Beckett : Meech? Logan Meech?
Esposito : Yeah, he's listed here as the owner.
Castle : - You know him? - Yeah.
UNK: I must have arrested the guy, like, half a dozen times.
Beckett : He's a low-rent scam artist with a history of violence.
Beckett : Last time I busted him, he was trying to grill-cheese a guy
UNK: in a dry cleaning press.
Esposito : Why would Hixton be writing checks to a character like that?
Beckett : Logan Meech.
UNK: Logan Meech : Detective. I love what you've done with your...
Beckett : Sit down.
UNK: Hi. Who's the new guy?
UNK: Why, you wanna send him Christmas cards from death row?
UNK: Logan Meech : What? Wait. I didn't kill anybody.
Castle : So it's just a coincidence that you were with Jay Hixton
Castle : shortly before he was shot to death in his apartment.
UNK: Logan Meech : What, Hixton's dead?