UNK: Logan Meech : He was one of my investors.
UNK: Really?
Castle : What is it Mr. Hixton was investing in?
UNK: Logan Meech : My relief organization.
Castle : Why is it I'm thinking the only relief Mr. Hixton's money provided
Castle : was to your own bank account?
Beckett : Did Hixton get on to your scamming him?
Beckett : Did he threaten to go to the cops? Is that why you killed him?
UNK: Logan Meech : I told you, I didn't kill him. I hadn't seen him in weeks.
Beckett : That's funny, because I talked to your landlord, and he said
Beckett : that he remembers clearly seeing Hixton at your place last night.
Beckett : So either you start telling us the truth and playing ball,
Beckett : or I call the DA and get them to draw up murder charges.
UNK: Logan Meech : Okay, look. Hang on a minute now.
UNK: Maybe I misspoke, okay?
UNK: Logan Meech : Hixton did actually pay me a visit last night.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Logan Meech : He wanted a gun.
Beckett : For what?
UNK: Logan Meech : Protection. He was scared.
UNK: He paid me a grand for a.357 that I was holding for a friend.
Beckett : What was he scared of?
UNK: Logan Meech : His past.
UNK: Logan Meech : He said it was coming back to get him.
UNK: What's that mean, "His past was coming back to get him"?
Beckett : And why go to Meech for a gun?
Beckett : Why not just go to the police, or hire a bodyguard?
Ryan : Maybe he didn't think they could protect him.
Esposito : CSU finished processing Hixton's apartment,
UNK: came across two sets of fingerprints that were in the system.
Esposito : Couple of career criminals from Hixton's hometown in Florida.
Beckett : Greg and Ty Page.
Beckett : Previous busts for bank robbery,
Beckett : and currently serving a nickel for grand larceny.
Ryan : Yeah, well, that info's a little bit behind.
Ryan : They were released last week due to overcrowding.
Esposito : Yeah, get to the part about who they robbed.
UNK: Act One : - Hixton. - Hixton.
Esposito : A month after he collected his jackpot.
Ryan : Even though they wore ski masks, he recognized them by their voices
Ryan : because they grew up together.
Ryan : It was his testimony that put them away.