UNK: Hixton must have heard they were being released
Castle : and worried they were coming after him again.
Ryan : According to Florida police,
Ryan : the brothers were in town for all of two days
Ryan : before they packed up their car and headed up north.
Ryan : Told a neighbor that they were going hunting.
Castle : Looks like they bagged themselves a lottery winner.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Looks like you made a serious dent in your surprise inheritance.
Castle : Is it safe to say there is not an animal print left
Castle : in any store in New York City?
Martha : Very funny.
Martha : Probably true.
UNK: Well, congratulations.
UNK: Looks like you have successfully completed the first stage
UNK: in the five stages of hitting the jackpot :
UNK: shopping.
Martha : What's the next stage?
Castle : Well, if you were my lottery winning victim,
UNK: you'd turn to charity,
Castle : and then get shot to death in your living room.
Martha : I'll pass.
Martha : Besides, I've decided to give back the money.
Castle : What? Why?
Martha : Richard. I was about to break up with the man.
UNK: Do you really think he would have
Martha : left me that money if he'd known that?
UNK: No, no. I'm gonna return all this stuff,
UNK: I'm gonna give back the money. It's the right thing to do.
Castle : Well, you've just jumped to stage five.
UNK: Enlightenment.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : Then again, Chet did adore me,
Martha : so I think I should be able to keep one thing.
UNK: It's not real.
UNK: Detective Beckett.
UNK: Did you call to tell me a bedtime story?
Castle : Which car is theirs?
Beckett : The maroon one over there.
Beckett : Florida plates. It's registered to a Greg Page.
Beckett : We put an alert
Beckett : on their plate number, which got triggered
Beckett : when a traffic cop ticketed them about an hour ago.
Castle : Any idea where they are?
UNK: None.
Beckett : So we watch the car until someone shows up.
Beckett : Any sign yet?
UNK: That's a negative.
UNK: A winery?
Ryan : Jenny and I visited one on our first vacation together.
Esposito : A hundred mil, and you're gonna become a farmer?
Ryan : Like Lanie hasn't changed you.
UNK: Lanie?
Ryan : Come on, dude. We all know about the two of you.
Esposito : Castle and Beckett know, too?
Beckett : You said earlier that money doesn't change us,
Beckett : it just magnifies who we are.