UNK: Greg Page : drove under the bridge and beat on his ass.
UNK: Greg Page : Then we came straight here, been bouncing tunes ever since.
Beckett : Is that true? Did they come here last night?
UNK: Greg Page : Yeah, we told the man, "Better stay away from Nicole
UNK: "or we're gonna put your ass in the river."
UNK: Greg Page : He told us we should do it,
UNK: Greg Page : 'cause if we let him live, he was gonna burn us alive.
UNK: You wanna know who killed Hixton?
UNK: Greg Page : Gotta be Oz.
Castle : So, Hixton gets a gun to protect himself from Oz.
Castle : He can't get the cops 'cause that'll get his daughter in trouble.
UNK: Ty Page : What the hell was that?
Beckett : Ryan, watch them.
Ryan : Stay right where you are.
Castle : Looks like Oz wasn't kidding when he said he'd burn them alive.
Beckett : Is it true, Nicole?
Beckett : Did you start using again?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : After I got clean, Oz found me.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He said he wanted me back.
UNK: Nicole...
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm sorry, Mom.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm so sorry.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And your father knew?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He blamed himself.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : He said that he was gonna fix it all, but I never thought...
Beckett : This Oz,
Castle : you think he's capable of killing your dad?
UNK: Nicole Hixton : This is all my fault.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : Dad is dead because of me.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : It's okay.
Esposito : Oz, AKA Marvin Osminkowski.
Castle : No wonder he changed his name.
Esposito : According to Vice, he has a lucrative gig
UNK: pedaling high-end product to the city's rich and famous.
Esposito : And a car bomb is definitely his MO.
Esposito : Competing dealer got blown up last year,
UNK: but they didn't have enough evidence to convict.
Castle : So Oz shoots Hixton for ordering a beatdown,
UNK: and then attempts to barbecue the Page brothers
Castle : to complete his revenge.
UNK: All right, let's go pick up Oz.
Esposito : Yeah, well, that's gonna be difficult.
Esposito : According to Vice, Oz pretty much operates off grid.
Esposito : Only time he's on is when he's dealing
UNK: out of word-of-mouth night clubs.
Esposito : And even there, he's got a network
Esposito : of bouncers, waiters and patrons as lookouts.
Esposito : Oz catches one whiff of bacon and he vanishes into thin air.
Castle : There's gotta be some way to slip under the radar.
UNK: What?
Beckett : I think we're gonna need your Ferrari.
UNK: Mother.
Martha : Oh, my. Look at you. Oh, you look gorgeous.
Castle : I'm just gonna grab my keys and change.
Martha : You two going out on a date?
Beckett : Oh. No. We're just doing a little undercover work.
Beckett : - So, how are you doing? - Uh...
Martha : I've been better.
Beckett : Castle told me that you decided to give the money back.
Martha : Yeah, well, I tried. Chet's kids refused to take it.
Martha : They said their father loved me. He wanted me to have the money.
UNK: So I'm, you know, trying to figure out what to do with it.
Martha : Everything I come up with seems so selfish and petty.
Beckett : Well, it doesn't have to be that way.
UNK: Someone once told me that money doesn't change you,
UNK: it just magnifies who you are.
UNK: You cared about Chet.
UNK: Maybe you could do something that would honor his memory somehow.
Martha : That is a lovely thought.
Martha : Thank you. Really, thank you.
UNK: Reginald Easley : All right.
Castle : - Got the keys. - Oh, great.
Ryan : I'm driving.
UNK: You're driving?
UNK: Beckett, this is,
UNK: this is a Ferrari.
UNK: It is a high-performance vehicle designed to respond instantaneously
UNK: to your every whim, your every movement, every...
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : Nice car.
Beckett : Get us some drinks and keep your eyes peeled for Oz, okay?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Drinks. Got it.
UNK: Oh, come on. Please. You got to let me go in and see him.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : Hey, yourself.
UNK: I haven't seen you around here before.
Beckett : That's because I just came into town.
Beckett : - Oh, yeah? - Yeah.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : From where?
Beckett : - Ibiza. - Mmm.
Beckett : So, a little birdie told me all about you.
Beckett : - Yeah? - Yeah.
Beckett : Said that you know how to keep a party going all night long.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : Little birdie got a name?
Beckett : Of course.
UNK: Are you gonna tell me what it is?
UNK: No.
UNK: Yep, I'm coming.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : That your boyfriend?
Beckett : For now.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I like you.
Beckett : - Yeah? - Yeah.
Beckett : Well, prove it.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : What kind of party you looking to get into?
UNK: Um.
Beckett : I like to feel shiny.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : - Shiny, huh? - Yeah.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I think I got something to fit that bill.
UNK: But it's gonna cost you.
UNK: It's okay, good things always do.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: Hey!
Beckett : No! Handcuffs.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : You sure took a big step down in the wardrobe department.
UNK: You're about to take an even bigger step down,
Beckett : into a prison jumpsuit.
UNK: We got you dead to rights on possession with the intent to sell.
Beckett : That's 20 years, federal time.
UNK: But that's nothing compared to the time
Beckett : that you're gonna do for first degree murder.
Castle : Not to mention felony blowing crap up.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : You remember this guy?
Beckett : You should, you killed him.
Beckett : And these two you tried to kill with a car bomb.
UNK: Look,
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I had to get those country boys back.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : But I didn't have anything to do with Hixton, I swear.