Alexis : You got the cell phone bill?
Castle : No, books from my publisher for back cover quotes.
Castle : Wait. What about the cell phone bill?
UNK: Nothing.
Martha : Ah! More books to endorse.
UNK: You couldn't possibly read them all.
Castle : Don't have to.
UNK: "A tour de force in terror, Richard Castle."
UNK: Gram, there's a letter for you.
Alexis : Looks official.
UNK: "Bachman and Sabasto." Oh, Chet's estate lawyer.
Martha : They probably resolved the probate...
Castle : You okay?
UNK: This memory of him caught me by surprise.
Alexis : Do you think he left you anything in his will?
UNK: Well, he certainly didn't need to. But if...
Martha : Oh, my...
Castle : Mother, what's wrong?
Beckett : Your mom must be in shock.
Beckett : Any idea what she's gonna do with it?
UNK: Well, if I'm lucky, get a place of her own.
Beckett : Yeah, that would be lucky.
UNK: Can't buy much in Manhattan for a million bucks.
UNK: Wow. Foosball, basketball, a motorcycle?
Castle : The owner of this place clearly had 10 times that.
UNK: Try 100.
Eposito : Victim's name is Jay Hixton.
Eposito : He won a cool 117 mil in the Florida lottery last year.
Castle : And then he went on a serious shopping spree.
Castle : Rookie mistake.
Beckett : - Sounds like the voice of experience. - Mmm.
Castle : Writing a bestseller in college is a lot like winning the lottery.
Castle : I spent every penny of it in six months.
UNK: Good thing I'm not a one-hit wonder.
Lanie : Single gunshot to the chest.
Lanie : From the stippling and bruising, I'd say there was a struggle,
Lanie : the gun went off, vaporized his heart
Lanie : somewhere between 11 : 00 and 2 : 00 last night.
UNK: That's a big gun. It's too big for that entry wound.
Beckett : This isn't the murder weapon.
Lanie : Told you she'd spot it first off.
Lanie : Our victim was shot with a 9mm automatic.
Lanie : The bullet went straight through him.
Lanie : We pulled the slug out of the poker table.
Beckett : Okay, so maybe our killer forces Hixton to open the safe.
UNK: The.357 is hidden inside.
UNK: Hixton pulls it out, they struggle,
Beckett : and he gets shot.
Esposito : It's a winning ticket.
Esposito : Hard to believe a little slip of paper's worth over 100 mil.
Castle : What would you do if you won that kind of money?
Esposito : Easy. Buy a Ferrari.
Castle : I have one. Not as great as you would think.
Eposito : Yeah, but they're hella fast.
Castle : Fast as every other car in rush hour traffic.
Beckett : Any idea how much money was in here?
UNK: $ 100,000, secured in a bank bag.
Ryan : This is Reginald Easley. He's Mr. Hixton's servant.
UNK: "Servant"?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Young man, I am a traditional English butler.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I apprenticed at Buckingham Palace.
Beckett : Did he always keep that much hard cash in the safe?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Mr. Hixton came from an impoverished background.
UNK: Reginald Easley : He found having hard currency around reassuring.
Beckett : How many people knew that it was there?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Dozens, no doubt.
UNK: Reginald Easley : He had a habit of buying everything in sight.
UNK: Reginald Easley : No thought to how much money he was flashing around,
UNK: Reginald Easley : or how dangerous it was to tell people
UNK: Reginald Easley : that there was plenty more of it at home.
Castle : In New York, that's like inviting someone back to your house to kill you.
Beckett : Did he keep that gun in the safe?
UNK: Reginald Easley : That's the odd thing, miss.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I know every item in this apartment.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I have never seen a gun.
UNK: Reginald Easley : But I do know he kept a dye pack in the bag that was stolen.
Beckett : And how was it triggered?
UNK: It was on a three-minute timer that began
UNK: Reginald Easley : when the bag left the apartment.
UNK: All right, grab some uniforms, canvass the area.
UNK: The killer couldn't have gotten very far before that pack exploded.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw Hixton?
UNK: Yesterday evening. He left about 5 : 00.
UNK: Reginald Easley : I believe he had made plans with his wife.
Beckett : He was married?
UNK: Reginald Easley : Oh, yes, with a teenage daughter.
UNK: Reginald Easley : They'd been separated for some months before I began to work for him.
UNK: Reginald Easley : Apparently the money caused some kind of a rift.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : We were so happy then. Trips to Paris and trips to Rome,
UNK: Noreen Hixton : and cars with heated seats, and...
UNK: But then everyone started looking at us different.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : Like we were freaks.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : You could see them thinking, "Why you? Why not me?"
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And nothing we did was good enough.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : So we moved here.
UNK: It was supposed to be a fresh start.
Beckett : Why were the two of you separated?
UNK: That money, it was... It was like poison.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Jay couldn't stop spending it, and...
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And Nicole...
UNK: Nicole Hixton : It's okay, Mom.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Nicole got hooked on drugs.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And it was the wake-up call we needed, really.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : Jay and I went from not talking to getting Nicole clean.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : And then he started using his money for good.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He found this soup kitchen on the Bowery that was in dire straits.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He said that looking at all those people in need
UNK: just reminded him of that if it wasn't for that lottery,
UNK: Noreen Hixton : we'd be right there ourselves.
UNK: Noreen Hixton : He started going there almost every day.