Castle : 19, 41 and 79.
Castle : I know it's a long shot,
Castle : but if we can figure out what these numbers signify,
Castle : we might be able to find the ticket's real owner.
Montgomery : I play my kids' birthdays.
Esposito : I play my firsts,
Esposito : sex and combat.
Ryan : I play his firsts, too.
UNK: What?
Ryan : That way we both win, and it's not awkward.
UNK: Beckett?
Beckett : Sorry. I don't play, Castle.
Castle : But if you did?
UNK: Well, it doesn't really matter, Castle.
Beckett : I mean, the fact is Hixton won the lottery a year ago.
Beckett : If he stole that ticket,
Beckett : why didn't the rightful owner come forward sooner?
Montgomery : Maybe the rightful owner is dead.
Castle : Maybe Hixton killed him.
Esposito : The moon.
Castle : The weird purchases Hixton made as soon as he won.
Castle : He bought three acres on the moon, and a mausoleum for his neighbor.
Beckett : Find out everything we can on this neighbor.
Esposito : I'm on it.
Beckett : If you're right, Castle,
UNK: I'm betting Hixton's neighbor never imagined that
Beckett : the luckiest day of his life would also be his last.
UNK: Boo-ya!
Esposito : Neighbor's name was Hank Walters.
Esposito : He died the day the winning numbers were announced.
UNK: Walters's birthday. Two, eight, 41.
Castle : Three of the numbers on the lottery ticket.
Esposito : Two days later, Hixton came forward to claim his $ 117 million check.
Beckett : What did Walters die of?
Esposito : Natural causes.
Castle : - For real? - Yeah.
Esposito : He was an old man dying of, like, six different things.
Esposito : Lanie went over the autopsy.
Esposito : Said everything looked like it was on the up and up.
UNK: So, Walters is bedridden.
Castle : Hixton, like any good neighbor,
Castle : asks the old man if there's anything he can do for him.
UNK: Walters says, "Yes, buy me a lottery ticket."
UNK: Maybe it was a one-time thing, maybe he did it all the time.
UNK: This time, the numbers are announced, and Walters won.
Castle : Hixton rushes back to tell him
Castle : and finds Walters dead.
Beckett : And doesn't know what to do.
Beckett : That's why it took him an extra day to come forward.
Beckett : He was struggling with the moral implications.
Castle : Yeah. But desperate times call for desperate measures.
Castle : He claimed the ticket as his own. Clearly, no one else knew about it.
Beckett : What about family? Did Walters have any?
UNK: Well, according to county records,
UNK: the only living relative of Hank Walters
Ryan : is a nephew named Tom.
Ryan : And guess where he lives?
Beckett : New York City.
UNK: Nicole Hixton : I'm sorry.
UNK: Tom Walters : Are you telling me that I might inherit $ 100 million?
Castle : Come on, Tom. You already figured that out.
Castle : You confronted Hixton.
Castle : You told him you wanted restitution.
Castle : He said no, things got ugly, and Hixton ended up dead.
Beckett : So you grabbed what was in the safe, and you took off.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Knock it off, Tom. You're the old man's only living relative.
Beckett : You're the only one with motive for revenge.
UNK: Tom Walters : No. I'm not his only relative.
UNK: Tom Walters : He's got a son.
Beckett : No, he doesn't. We checked.
UNK: Tom Walters : Well, sure, he's not biological.
UNK: Tom Walters : Hank dated his mom for, like, five years
UNK: Tom Walters : while the kid was growing up.
UNK: Tom Walters : The two bonded like crazy.
UNK: Tom Walters : Kept in touch even after the romance broke up.
UNK: They even spent every holiday together for the last 10 years.
Castle : This son,
UNK: is his birthday four, 19, 79?
UNK: Uh, yeah. How did you know?
Castle : Because those are the three remaining numbers
Castle : on the winning lottery ticket.
Beckett : You lied to us about who you are, Shawn.
Beckett : These are your dad's numbers,
Beckett : your birthday and his.
UNK: Marvin "oz" Osminkowski : I don't know what you're talking about.
Castle : When did you realize that Hixton had stolen the winning ticket?
Castle : Was it when you were still in prison in Memphis?
Beckett : Or was it after you got out, went to go and visit your dad,
Beckett : found out he was dead
Beckett : and that his mausoleum was paid for with his stolen winnings?
Castle : Can't imagine how you must have felt.
Castle : How driven you were to come to New York, make things right.
Beckett : You tracked down Hixton at the soup kitchen,
UNK: threatened him with all kind of things
Beckett : if he didn't do right by you. He freaked out.
Beckett : He gave you his car, but that wasn't enough, was it?
UNK: Shawn York : You can't prove any of this.
Beckett : I can prove all of it, Shawn.