UNK: - Was he okay? - Get everyone in my office.
UNK: Where you going?
House : Kid's screaming gave me a headache. I gotta take an aspirin.
UNK: House, you okay? We've been waiting for you.
House : I'm hallucinating.
Cameron : Hallucinations with migraines are pretty uncommon.
Cameron : - What did you see? - I saw music.
Cameron : Sensory deception makes no sense.
Cameron : You took something.
Cameron : The kid's fighting for his life.
Foreman : Hey, you find him?
Cameron : He was hallucinating in the locker room.
UNK: He okay?
UNK: He's feeling no pain, he's high.
Chase : Vicodin high?
Cameron : Past that. He's seeing sounds.
Cameron : Took something.
UNK: Why is it so dark in here? It's a beautiful day outside.
House : Open the shades, let the sun shine in.
UNK: It's nighttime.
House : - It's still Tuesday, right? - You look better.
House : - I took something. - Mind if I ask what?
House : Little of this, little of that.
Weber : I know what's wrong with our patient.
House : He's depressed.
Cameron : - He told you that when you woke him up? - Nope.
UNK: He told me he pissed his pants and blacked out.
Foreman : That's not diagnostic of depression. Lack of appetite, isolating yourself.
House : Uncontrollable urination and blacking out are good predictors of what?
UNK: Seizure.
House : Which means the seizure he had when you tested his heart
UNK: - was at least his second seizure. - So what?
Foreman : Depression and seizures aren't correlated.
House : No, but you know what is?
UNK: Depression and anti-depression medicine.
Chase : Tox screen was clean.
House : Yeah, but you know how much crap he's got in his system
UNK: for dealing with those burns.
House : The guy could have the Spanish Armada floating through his bloodstream
House : and we wouldn't know about it, till they started firing cannons.
Foreman : Antidepressants have been known to cause seizures in kids, but not orgasms.
Foreman : This is a brain in trouble.
Foreman : This is a brain with too much serotonin.
Cameron : Serotonin affects mood, appetite, it doesn't cause the brain to shut down.
House : Antidepressants fake brains into thinking they have more serotonin
House : than they actually do.
UNK: Every ten million or so cases sets off a chain reaction.
House : Produces too much, enough to fry itself.
Foreman : If Adam has Serotonin Storm, it's deadly.
Chase : But treatable. Cyproheptadine.
Cameron : Unless he doesn't have Serotonin Storm.
Cameron : He could just as easily have too much dopamine as serotonin,
Cameron : but if it's dopamine, the cyproheptadine will kill him.
Cameron : Where are you going?
UNK: Gonna talk to the kid again, he seems nice.
Anesthesiologist : You can't.
House : Why? Did he say he doesn't like me?
UNK: Anesthesiologist told the parents what you did.
House : Everyone's a tattletale.