House : Ask the parents if they prefer to have their son in a wheelchair or dead.
Foreman : Something's causing his brain to lose control.
Foreman : Eventually it'll shut off.
Foreman : We need to do a lumbar puncture
Foreman : to get some of the fluid in his spine so we can test it.
Emily : You need us to sign a consent?
Foreman : I have to warn you.
Foreman : There's a serious risk of paralysis or death.
Doug : Are you saying we shouldn't do this?
Foreman : You have to do this.
Emily : Then why are you telling us what can go wrong?
Foreman : - I just think you should know... - Either you're cruel
UNK: or this clipboard is a way for you to cover your ass,
UNK: - in case you cripple our son. - This isn't his fault.
UNK: No, it's not. It's yours, that's what you keep telling me.
Emily : My son is lying in there half-dead,
Emily : I am just trying to find a way to get through this.
Doug : - I'm sorry. - Yeah, I know.
UNK: Needle.
Foreman : - It's not going in. - Don't force it.
Foreman : I'm going one space higher.
Chase : It's too close to his brain stem, it'll herniate.
UNK: - You're gonna paralyze him. - You're not helping.
Chase : His blood pressure's spiking, stop.
UNK: I can get it.
Chase : He's 180 over 120, he's gonna stroke.
Foreman : I'm in the space. Give me the vial.
Foreman : He doesn't have MS or an infection.
House : His proteins aren't elevated?
Foreman : Wrong protein. IgM, not IgG.
Foreman : Elevation was probably caused by the bleed.
House : What if there was tingling in his extremities prior to the crash?
Foreman : - How can you still be on MS? - I gotta be on something.
House : Something's interrupting his neurons' chitchat, like lesions.
Foreman : We can't scan for them.
Foreman : The only test we can do, we just did and it was negative.
Foreman : He has no tingling, no numbness.
UNK: And you read his history, parents didn't say anything about...
House : What about Adam?
Foreman : We can't look into his brain, but you want us to read his mind?
House : Good point.
House : Yeah, you can finish the sponge bath in a minute.
Anesthesiologist : They're just re-doing his dressings. He's out, he's fine.
House : I didn't page you to put him out. I paged you to wake him up.
House : Why are these lights so damn bright?
Cuddy : Thank you.
House : Come on, I need to talk to him.
Anesthesiologist : House, you can't wake up a burn victim to play twenty questions.
Anesthesiologist : - It's torture. - He won't remember.
UNK: - He's gonna be in extraordinary... - God, you're good!
House : You're putting me to sleep.
UNK: I know he's gonna be in pain, I know you disapprove. I'm his attending.
Doug : Wake him up.
Adam : Oh, my God!
UNK: - I'm Dr. House. - It hurts!
UNK: It's gonna get a lot worse, so answer fast.
House : Before the accident, did you experience any numbness or tingling in your fingers?
House : You got burned, it's healing, I need an answer.
Adam : It really hurts!
House : Any tingling in your arms or legs?
UNK: You gotta do something, I can't...
House : Adam, you gotta listen to me, did you feel anything?
UNK: I pissed in my pants and then I don't remember...