Doctor : What've you got? Sixteen-year-old, status post,
Paramedic : ATV crash, 40% burns on his body.
UNK: Nasotracheal intubation.
Doctor : Start a bag of lactated Ringer's, wide open...
UNK: - Will he be okay? - We'll be with you when we can.
Doctor : Get him out!
Doug : Wait, wait, wait!
Nurse : I'll start fluids. Let's go get him hooked up.
Doctor : Watch the line.
Foreman : - Been looking for you. - Been avoiding you.
House : Burn Unit can handle it.
Foreman : If they could handle it, they wouldn't be asking for you.
Foreman : - Is that a journal? - Friend wrote an article.
Foreman : In Hindi?
UNK: They have a cutting-edge neuroscience program in India.
UNK: It says so right on the cover.
UNK: Kid's heart rate's messed.
UNK: Tachycardia can be explained by the burn.
House : I assume the Burn Unit knew that.
House : His potassium's low.
Foreman : Which can also be explained by the burn.
House : Except I'm sure the Burn Unit's pumping him with fluids
House : which means his potassium should be going up, not down.
Foreman : Could be amphetamines.
Foreman : Or bacteria lunching on his heart.
House : Or cardiomyopathy, or some other very bad thing.
House : He needs an EKG.
UNK: Okay, no skin, no EKG.
Chase : Is he even gonna survive the burn?
UNK: What, you got a date or something?
UNK: Forty percent of his body.
House : If the Burns Unit can prevent an infection,
House : his body will regenerate maybe 10%,
House : surgeons will do 20 or so grafts, six months in this room,
House : he'll end up with a series of nasty scars, maybe some pain,
House : but he'll live.
House : Unless his heart shuts down
House : 'cause we can't figure out what's causing the low potassium and tachycardia.
House : We need help from a Belgian doc named Einthoven.
Chase : He's dead.
House : While he was alive, he invented a little dittie called the Galvanometer.
Foreman : Where do we get one?
UNK: Go to any electronics store that's been open since before 1905.
UNK: There's a good chance they've got one in a corner in the basement.
UNK: We need an audio-visual setup for the lecture hall.
Cuddy : - What for? - For the lecture.
Cuddy : - What lecture? - Dr. Weber's lecture.
Cuddy : - Who is Dr. Weber? - A neurologist, I think.
Brenda : The memo was from you.