House : To stupidity.
House : Not quite done.
House : To muscle aches, spasms.
House : To your joints feeling like they've been ripped out
House : and replaced with shards of broken glass.
Wilson : Should I be writing any of this clown?
House : Your stomach fills with bile.
House : When you vomit it feels like
UNK: someones forcing a white hot hammer down your esophagus, tearing your flesh.
House : Blood's dripping down the back of your throat,
House : choking and gagging you with the slick, coppery taste of burnt pennies.
Wilson : I am an oncologist, I know...
UNK: If you did, we wouldn't be sitting here.
UNK: Day two.
UNK: Your white blood cells are gone, opening up your system to attack.
UNK: Your temperature skyrockets.
UNK: One second, your skin feels like it's on fire, the next second, it's entombed in ice.
UNK: Every pain sensor in your body is firing at the same time
UNK: until agony isn't even a word or a concept.
UNK: It's your only reality.
UNK: You hallucinate.
UNK: You dream of death.
UNK: And then the race begins.
UNK: Can your body claw its way back in time
UNK: before the hostile organisms and parasites claim you permanently?
UNK: Win, you live. Lose, you die.
UNK: Now, what are we doing here, Wilson?
Chase : Kidney number one looks good,
Chase : which means we'll probably take the biopsy from two.
Simon : Hey. You're doing great.
Simon : Brave as always.
Chase : Pretty cool, eh?
UNK: Wanna try?
Elizabeth : What's wrong?
Emily : My chest hurts.
Chase : Definitely not her kidneys.
UNK: I promise this'll taste just as good coming up as it did going down.
Wilson : If things go wrong, I just want you to know...
UNK: If you're going to say that you've always been secretly gay for me,
House : everyone always just kind of assumed it.
Wilson : I just want you to know
Wilson : that I appreciate the risk you're taking.
Wilson : Pumping a human being full of lethal chemicals in your living room.
Wilson : If I die, it probably won't go over well with your probation officer.
UNK: That's not going to be an issue.
Wilson : I'm glad at least one of us is confident.
House : Not me.
House : I've already identified a couple of spots to dump your body if this goes south.
Wilson : I've always enjoyed Trinity Park.
House : It does have a nice access to the lake.
UNK: Muscle spasms already? No. It's nothing really.
House : Good news.
House : Takes most people two bags to get to that stage.
House : You're way ahead of schedule.
Wilson : You'll think it's stupid.
House : That hasn't stopped you before.
Wilson : I just always thought
Wilson : when I got old or sick I'd have a wife or kids to look after me.
House : And in this scenario, are your loving wife and kids
UNK: holding the life-support cord
House : or are they thumbing through your will?
House : I'm in it, right?
House : You have everything you need right here.
House : We both do.
UNK: Painkiller,
UNK: industrial strength,
UNK: level awesome.
House : We're on vacation.
Wilson : That is nice.
Chase : Her kidneys are fine.
Chase : I don't think we're looking at side effects from the LEX-2.
Adams : She's prone to respiratory infection. Pneumonia?
Elizabeth : No persistent cough, chills, or excess sweating.
Taub : What about a pulmonary embolism?
Park : Fits coughing up blood, but a clot? From what?
Taub : Bruising from when she fell off the carousel.
Taub : Contusion damages a deep vein, causes a clot.
Taub : Piece breaks off, travels to her lungs.
Elizabeth : We need to get her on heparin now.
Elizabeth : Another embolism could cause a heart attack or a stroke.
Elizabeth : What's wrong? Is it Emily?
Park : Sort of.
Elizabeth : You can't do this.
Simon : I'm taking her to Mercy.
Simon : Everything you people have done has just made her worse.
Elizabeth : You don't have the right. We have joint custody.
Simon : Where was my right when you were treating our daughter like a lab rat?
Elizabeth : She'd be dead if I hadn't.