House : Okay, your heart rate's up, BP's tanking. White blood count'.-s at 500.
UNK: We have to go to the hospital now. No.
House : I don't have the equipment or the meds to handle this.
Wilson : No! Win or lose.
Wilson : Win or lose. That was the deal.
House : That was the deal when there was an "or."
House : You can't win this.
Wilson : No. No.
Wilson : I'd rather die here,
Wilson : not in an ambulance.
UNK: Not in the hospital. I can't... Please.
Wilson : You can't do that to me.
UNK: House,
Wilson : please promise me that you won't do that to me.
Wilson : Promise me.
House : Okay, I promise.
UNK: Stroke, a blockage in her hepatic vein,
Chase : coughing blood, trouble breathing and Raynaud's.
Park : If we hadn't already ruled it out,
Park : it sounds like textbook pulmonary embolism.
Chase : What mimics a clot, but isn't a clot? Fungal infection?
Adams : Her CSF was clean. No bacterial or fungal markers.
Adams : Anyone tried calling House?
UNK: He's not picking up. Or returning messages or texts.
Chase : We're on our own here. So just give me some theories we can use.
Park : Hematologic malignancies.
Park : A-T patients are more prone to that form of cancer.
Taub : You think cancer would present and kill her in three days?
Chase : Not cancer,
Chase : but a tumor could act like a clot.
Chase : An atrial myxoma.
Chase : We'll remove the tumor surgically and hopefully the biopsy reveals it's benign.
Wilson : You really look like crap.
House : Been fighting a cold lately.
UNK: Seven to 10 days for the swelling to go down,
House : then we rescan and schedule the surgery.
Wilson : I seem to recall I said some things to you...
House : You talked a lot.
House : I stopped listening after you confessed your fear of dolphins.
House : Can we just tone down the bromance a few notches'? My leg is killing me.
Wilson : One last favor?
Wilson : I'd like to actually make it to the bathroom this time.
Chase : I thought you said you had plenty of Vicodin.
House : Everybody lies.
Wilson : So the way I felt, you feel that, what? Most of the time?
Wilson : It really does suck being you, doesn't it? At least I don't have cancer.
Chase : The tumor was benign.
Adams : And we were able to remove all of it.
Emily : Does this mean I'm not sick anymore?
UNK: No.
UNK: Honey,
Elizabeth : the tumor didn't cause your genetic condition.
Elizabeth : You're still sick.
Simon : But we never let that stop us before, right?
Simon : So what do you want to do when we get out of here?
Chase : You been to the aquarium? It's pretty cool.
Emily : Can we go, Daddy? You bet.
Elizabeth : Me too? Can she come with us?
Simon : You know Mommy never has to ask.
Wilson : I'll see you at lunch.