Taub : House taking time off is a bad sign.
Adams : "A bad sign."
Adams : You think the apocalypse is coming because House wants to be there for Wilson?
UNK: Yes.
Taub : You're new.
UNK: We've got a case.
Foreman : Six-year-old with a nose bleed
Foreman : and breathing problems. She was born with a rare mutation of A-T.
Elizabeth : Emily has a unique variant on both of her ATM genes.
Elizabeth : Her disorder mimics A-T, but not all of the symptoms.
Foreman : This is Dr. Elizabeth Lawson.
Foreman : She's a developmental geneticist attached to JHU
Foreman : and an expert on the girl's condition.
Foreman : Elizabeth Lawson.
Chase : Emily Lawson.
Elizabeth : I'm here as a doctor, not a mother.
UNK: Nose bleeds and breathing problems are common symptoms
Taub : of ataxia telangiectasia.
Park : We could just be seeing the natural progression of...
Elizabeth : It's not. A-T patients have a life expectancy of 20 years.
Elizabeth : Emily is only six. It's something else.
Elizabeth : I examined her lungs two days ago. They're functioning normally.
Adams : It says she fell off a carousel. Head trauma could...
Elizabeth : If the diagnosis was easy, I wouldn't need you people.
Elizabeth : I'm here because according to Eric, you're the best.
Simon : We are.
Park : Have you considered Wegener's granulomatosis?
Elizabeth : It's a good fit.
Elizabeth : But she can't have x-rays.
Elizabeth : A-T makes her hypersensitive to ionizing radiation.
Elizabeth : I'll get her prepped for an MRI.
Foreman : She knows more about her daughter's genetic condition than any of you.
Foreman : She'll be an asset.
Chase : Or she won't, Eric.
Foreman : This isn't a request. Use her.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : The tumor's spread to the surrounding tissue.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : We're gonna have to shrink it before we remove it surgically.
Wilson : I'm more interested in exactly how you plan to do that, Mike.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : We start conservative.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Daily radiation treatments for three weeks.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : And if it doesn't shrink enough after that, we'll add the chemo...
Wilson : And if it hasn't shrunk enough after that, I'm dead.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Look, you have over a 75% chance that the radiation alone is enough. Relax.
UNK: We've caught this in time.
Wilson : Catching it in time would have been before it invaded the tissue around my thymus.
Wilson : I want the radiation and the chemo concurrently.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Why stress your immune system unnecessarily?
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Let's just go with my plan. Okay?
UNK: The radiation first and... I'm gonna get a second opinion.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Are you serious?
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Look, I've seen you recommend this exact treatment dozens of times.
Wilson : We're done here.
Wilson : I'll look for a doctor with some actual balls.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : Hey, you need to talk to your friend.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : He's embarrassing himself.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : A doctor should be able to handle his own illness
UNK: Dr. Kondo : with a little bit more dignity. I agree with Wilson.
UNK: Dr. Kondo : My recommended treatment is sound.
House : No, I meant about the ball-less part.
House : Explains the office.
Simon : It was a merry-go-round.
Simon : She's a kid, Liz. We were having fun.
Simon : You should try it sometime. Fun?
Elizabeth : She's six, not you. You know she has balance issues.
Simon : I know that she's...
Elizabeth : This is Emily's father, Simon.
Elizabeth : He was with her when the symptoms occurred.
Simon : I had her all week. She was fine.
Taub : - We could come back. - No need. Patient's ready for transport.