House : Chase can handle the pelvic.
Chase : Any pain?
Chase : Is it bad?
UNK: This would go a lot easier if you talked to me.
Kayla : I'm sorry.
UNK: Magician Boy On Stage : I, um...
Kayla : I just really hate hospitals.
Chase : When I was 12, I had my tonsils out.
Chase : Got to skip school, lots of ice cream, made me wanna be a doctor.
UNK: My mom died when I was eight,
Kayla : so I spent months at Princeton General.
Chase : She died of DTs, your mom?
Chase : Bottles stashed around the house? Mood swings? That whole deal?
Kayla : - You've been there? - My mom.
Chase : Dad left, Mom crawled inside a bottle.
Chase : Made for a great year 12 of high school.
UNK: You okay with your dad now?
UNK: No.
Stacy : Does your dad have anything to do with this story?
Chase : No, it's just...
Stacy : Okay, I get it, the two of you bonded, which
UNK: is probably why you haven't been sued.
Stacy : Patients never sue doctors they like.
UNK: But keep it brief, okay? The panel doesn't like to think
Stacy : they're being manipulated when they're being manipulated.
Chase : She had some ulceration.
Stacy : Confirming Behcet's.
Chase : I gave her some prednisone, an antacid, and I ran a pathergy test on her arm.
Chase : Takes 24 hours to confirm.
Chase : Told her any doctor could check it out.
Stacy : - You didn't make an appointment. - Nope.
Chase : She just showed up.
Kayla : - Dr. Chase? - Hi.
Chase : All right, let's take a look.
Chase : Okay, those little pustules mean it's positive.
UNK: Talk to Nurse Preven, get an appointment with Dr. Brustin in Rheumatology.
Chase : Behcet's is very treatable, you're gonna be fine.
Kayla : Okay. Thanks.
Stacy : And you were just chatting on the phone with someone
UNK: and she happened to run into you.
Chase : That's what happened.
Stacy : No appointment, no real examination?
Chase : Just gave her the test results.
Stacy : So, lower standard of care,
Stacy : you really couldn't be expected to notice there was anything else wrong.
Chase : We didn't even go into an exam room.
Stacy : As your lawyer, I can't stop you from lying, I can't even be in the room.
Stacy : But I would be remiss if I didn't prep you to lie better.
Stacy : You wrote her a prescription, which means there was an examination.
Stacy : What really happened?
Chase : I was on the phone.
Kayla : Dr. Chase? Hi.
UNK: Hi.
Kayla : Kayla. I'm here for the test. My arm.
Sam : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Okay.
Chase : It's positive.
UNK: Talk to Nurse Preven, get an appointment with Dr. Brustin in Rheumatology.
Kayla : I took that medicine you gave me, but my stomach still hurts.
UNK: Behcet's could be stronger than we thought,
Chase : or it could be reflux from the prednisone.
UNK: Here's a stronger antacid.
Chase : - Doctor? - Yes?
UNK: Nothing.
Stacy : You didn't ask her anything about the stomach pain?
Chase : I made one little mistake.
Stacy : As little mistakes go, that was a biggie.
Wilson : She's only advising Chase? Not you?
UNK: Well, what's the committee gonna do to me? I never even met this patient.
Wilson : Your disdain for human interaction
Wilson : doesn't exculpate you, it inculpates you.
UNK: You signed the charts, you're responsible for everything Chase does.
Stacy : Which is why this doesn't matter.
House : She protects Chase, she protects me.
Wilson : Unless her advice to Chase is to make a deal and give you up.