Chase : Lung cancer.
Chase : I saw him a couple of months before it happened.
Chase : We never talked about it.
Sam : I'm sorry your father died, but it has nothing...
Chase : He never even told me he was sick.
Chase : I wish he had.
UNK: It would...
Chase : You're gonna die. Alone.
UNK: Thousands of miles from your children.
UNK: You don't wanna do that to them.
Chase : - Kayla... - I'm sorry, Sam.
Sam : Kayla, you can't give up.
Sam : If you do this,
Sam : if you go home,
Sam : I killed you.
UNK: No.
UNK: You gave me three months.
UNK: You gave Dory and Nikki three more months with me.
Kayla : And when they found my cancer,
Kayla : they found yours.
Kayla : And I got to save my baby brother.
Chase : A week later, Kayla died at home.
Chase : Sam was furious.
Chase : Gotta be why the big lawsuit.
Cuddy : - Are you buying this? - Of course not!
Stacy : There was no illegal transplant, there's no causation.
Chase : He was ready to kill me.
Chase : Maybe he's lying to his lawyers.
Stacy : Or you're lying to us.
Stacy : Last Thursday he saw you for post-op care. If you hate your doctor,
Stacy : you find another doctor before you find a lawyer.
Stacy : This guy didn't sue Cameron or Foreman, he didn't even sue House!
UNK: There's something personal here,
Stacy : something you don't want us to know before your hearing.
Stacy : The guy didn't hate you before that meeting, he hated you after.
Chase : So, how's everything else?
Kayla : - The girls? - Oh, you know.
Sam : A lot of crying, some nightmares.
UNK: We'll be okay, though.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Girls are not gonna be happy about leaving town, though.
Sam : They love that house,
Sam : the yard, their friends.
Chase : - You're moving? - Yeah.
Sam : Ever since the operation, I've been on disability,
UNK: and the mortgage...
UNK: So, we're moving out of state, somewhere cheaper.
Sam : Anyways, thanks.
Chase : I killed your sister.
Chase : I misdiagnosed her ulcer. It killed her.
Sam : Shut up, man.
Sam : She liked you, just...
UNK: I was hung over when she came back to see me.
Chase : I'd been up half the night drinking, had a headache,
Chase : and I just wanted to get the hell out of there.
UNK: I couldn't care less what your sister was saying about her stomach pain.
House : May I speak to my future former employee?
House : Great story.
Chase : You think I'm lying?
UNK: That's exactly what I told him.
House : I'm sure it is.
House : But you lied to him. You want him to sue you.
Chase : I killed his sister.
House : I ordered black coffee this morning and got cream.
House : - Everybody screws up. - They didn't put poison in your coffee.
UNK: I've seen you hung over.
House : You weren't the day you blew his sister's diagnosis.
Chase : What does it matter why? Is she less dead if I have a good excuse?
House : If I thought you'd screwed up because you were drunk, I would have fired you.
Stacy : - You knew? - You were depressed and distracted.
House : I assumed you'd gotten a phone call from your stepmom.
Chase : This is Robert.
Chase : What did he die of?
Chase : That's impossible.
Chase : I saw him two months ago. If he had lung cancer, he would have...