House : She's overreacting.
Wilson : You snuck into her shrink's office and read her private file.
Wilson : When Nixon did that, he got impeached.
House : So you're saying I'm not allowed to have oral sex with an intern, either?
Wilson : Yes! And yes.
UNK: That file got me on the floor of her attic with her pouring out her soul.
House : The only thing I did wrong was get caught.
Stacy : Where's Chase?
House : He's too busy to service you until after work.
UNK: I got a couple minutes, though.
House : Feel free to say something like,
House : "What'll we do with the time left over?"
House : Or you could just stew, that works as well.
House : She stews before she gets violent.
Stacy : This one says you're okay with moving the disciplinary hearing to tomorrow.
Stacy : This one says I've advised you of your legal rights.
House : - Any legal rights I should know about? - Nope.
UNK: Great.
House : And you thought this was gonna be awkward.
Stacy : You shouldn't sign it.
Stacy : Postponing is almost always the smart thing to do.
Stacy : Tempers cool, memories fade.
Chase : They rule on me, it's done, right?
Stacy : - Yeah, but... - Then let's get it over with.
Stacy : - Ever done a peer review before? - No.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Peer's a misnomer. These are your bosses.
UNK: This could cost you some money, some privileges
Stacy : or it could cost you your career.
Chase : All I can tell them is what happened.
UNK: There is an objective reality to what happened,
Stacy : and that committee is never gonna know it.
UNK: All they're gonna know is what they picture happened,
Stacy : which depends a little on what you tell them and a whole lot
Stacy : on how you tell them.
Stacy : May 11.
UNK: - The patient presented to the clinic. - What's her name?
Chase : - It's in the file. - Do you know it?
Stacy : Then use it.
Chase : Kayla presented to the clinic with multiple joint and stomach pain.
Chase : Dr. Foreman was called in for a neurological consult.
UNK: Sam kayla's Brother : What's the point of this, man?
Foreman : Checking your sister's cerebral coordination.
Sam : The thing is in her leg and her stomach.
Sam : Wait in the clinic for six hours so she can play patty cake?
UNK: You could have gone to the ER last night.
UNK: You gonna come over and baby-sit her kids?
UNK: Okay. Patient comes from a family of jerks, I get it.
Stacy : Can you stick to the medicine?
Sam : Something wrong?
Chase : - There was some uveitis. - Meaning?
UNK: Her iris, the colored part of her eye, was inflamed.
Stacy : - Meaning? - Worst case, blindness.
Chase : But there was an upside.
Chase : It was weird enough to get House interested.
Cameron : Young woman, joint pain, gonorrhea's a possibility.
UNK: It's polyarticular. Maybe rheumatoid.
UNK: That's typically small joints, this hit her knee.
UNK: Takayasu's arteritis.
House : Get a sed rate and serologies.
UNK: "Childproof."
House : How many kids are hopped up on Vicodin?
UNK: - Give me. - Right. Like I'd ever get it back.
UNK: Chase?
Stacy : Don't care about the Vicodin.
Cameron : Might not just be her arteries, could be all her blood vessels.
Chase : Vasculitis, with stomach pains, so Behcet's.
Foreman : - No, she'd have oral sores. - Or genital.
House : Go find them.
Stacy : I thought she was Foreman's patient. Why did you do the exam?
Foreman : - She'd have oral sores. - Or genital.
House : Go find them.
House : Whoa, whoa, Foreman.