Cuddy : seems to be that the hospital faces liability here.
Cuddy : Well, thanks for clearing that up.
Cuddy : I still need a medical reason to list her.
UNK: That is the medical reason.
UNK: If the family wins this hospital in a lawsuit, they'll turn it into condos.
House : And people will die waiting outside a condo for medical care.
Cuddy : Start praying for a 12-car pileup on the turnpike,
Cuddy : 'cause we're not exactly swimming in livers over here.
Stacy : When you're testifying, skip the details on how House convinced Cuddy.
Stacy : I don't think the people who got bumped down the transplant list need to know why.
Chase : It didn't matter anyway.
Sam : - She next on the list? - Yes.
Foreman : But she's AB negative, very rare.
Sam : How long can she go on like this?
Foreman : Probably another day or two.
Sam : - I'm donating my liver. - Sam, we talked about this.
Sam : I'm a perfect match, six out of six HLA proteins.
Foreman : How'd you get checked out so fast?
Sam : I know a guy in medical testing, and I paid him to rush it.
UNK: - Sam bribed someone to rush his tests? - Wouldn't you?
Stacy : Someone's going to get the blame for what happened,
Stacy : so the more we spread it around, we might as well...
Stacy : You said no surgeon would do a live donor transplant on such short notice.
Chase : House took care of that, too.
Ayersman : Your patient's hardly clotting.
House : Sub-Q vitamin K and fresh frozen plasma pre-op.
Ayersman : Pretty risky.
House : Well, that's why I came to the best transplant surgeon in the hospital.
House : She's dead without you.
Ayersman : Get her in this afternoon.
House : - Thank you very much. - My pleasure.
Stacy : And this was right before you ran the marathon, I suppose?
House : Was it the part where he warmly clasped my hands in thanks,
House : - was that too much? - What did you do to him?
House : The hospital lawyer asks me if I did something unethical?
UNK: If I did, the last person I'd tell is the hospital lawyer,
House : especially since she's gone all Old Testament on me.
Stacy : - You'll tell me. - Oh. Okay then.
House : One caveat, I've moved past threesomes, I'm now into foursomes.
House : If someone backs out, then, you've still got a threesome.
UNK: And if two people back out, you're still having sex.
House : You'd be amazed, even if three people...
Stacy : Anything you say is attorney-client.
Stacy : So you can get advice about the bad, bad thing you did,
Stacy : knowing I'll be tortured because I can't tell a soul.
UNK: Actually, it is kind of cool.
Ayersman : Are you completely out of your mind?
Ayersman : She's dying on her own,
Ayersman : why would I volunteer to be her executioner?
UNK: And I'd just be inviting a lawsuit from the brother no matter what.
House : 5 grand.
House : And that's just ante money. After the surgery, you get another 15.
House : Though I warn you, that includes the tip.
Ayersman : I make 600 grand a year.
UNK: You think I'm gonna risk tanking my percentages for $20,000?
UNK: It's tax-free.
Ayersman : For the record,
Ayersman : I hope the Department takes you and Chase
Ayersman : and drop-kicks both your asses out the back door.
UNK: Great!
UNK: That means I don't have to bother welshing on the 15 grand
House : I would have owed you.
House : If you don't do the surgery, I'm gonna tell your wife
House : that you've been sleeping with a series of nurses.
House : Currently Nurse Cutler in Radiology.
House : Now, what's 600 grand divided by two?
House : Last Christmas party,
House : Nurse Cutler handed you one of those little hot dogs.
House : And you didn't thank her.
House : Well, that only happens when you're very, very intimate.
House : That, and the fact that you've been practically dancing around
UNK: with your zipper open, and a used condom stuck on your shoe.
House : Your wife is apparently the only one who doesn't know.
UNK: There's no way you'll tell her.
House : Of course I won't. I'm much too cowardly.
UNK: No, I'll just send an anonymous letter.
UNK: Now, I've got an OR booked for 4 : 00 this afternoon.
House : Are you free?