UNK: I wanna see if anyone is taking this competition
Beckett : just a little too seriously.
Esposito : We understand that you and Odette
Esposito : were rehearsing your dance most of the day.
Esposito : How did she seem?
Santino : On edge. We both were.
Santino : I mean, one of us was about to be eliminated,
Santino : which is why I can't believe she just left rehearsal at 11 : 00
Santino : and took off for half an hour.
Esposito : To do what?
Santino : She wouldn't say.
Santino : But everything was riding on this dance.
Jeanine : She told me she had to meet a friend.
UNK: She asked me to cover if anyone was looking for her.
Ryan : Do you have any idea why she was being so secretive?
Jeanine : The producers don't like us to leave the studio on show day.
UNK: So it must have been important.
Esposito : Well, the NYPD thanks you for your cooperation.
Ryan : You, too.
Ryan : Damn, did you see that? Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : She acted like I didn't even exist.
Esposito : You don't. Not since you put that ring on your finger.
Esposito : Get used to being invisible to single women.
UNK: Paul Morton : I've never seen her happier than these past couple months.
Santino : I can't believe that my sister's dead.
UNK: We understand she had some difficulties in the past.
Paul : A few years ago, our grandfather passed away.
Paul : And Odette took it hard.
Paul : She quit school,
Paul : she broke off her relationship with a nice guy,
Paul : started hanging out with a bad crowd.
Beckett : What kind of bad crowd?
UNK: Partiers and druggies.
Paul : She was arrested several times.
Paul : But after the accident, she left all of that behind.
Castle : That was her brush with death?
UNK: There was a train derailment last year.
UNK: Odette was onboard.
Paul : She made it out alive, but it scared the hell out of her.
Paul : She turned her life around.
Paul : Six months of dance training and the next thing that I know,
Paul : She finally found a direction in life.
Paul : She was so close to realizing her dream.
Beckett : Was there anyone in Odette's old life
Beckett : that could have come back to cause trouble for her?
Paul : Not that I'm aware of.
Castle : What about on the show? Anyone she didn't get along with?
Paul : She did mention someone. Another contestant.
Paul : I think she said his name was Eddie.
Jasmine : Detective Beckett, they're waiting for you.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: I have instructed my staff to provide you
Max : with anything and everything you need to help solve this terrible murder.
UNK: Anything.
Pierre : Absolutely anything.
Beckett : Thanks. Now Odette told her brother
Beckett : that there was someone on the show that she didn't get along with.
Max : Eddie Gordon. But he's not here anymore.
Max : Last week Eddie and Odette performed a Bob Fosse-inspired number
Max : for the elimination dance off.
Max : We voted and sent Eddie home. He was upset.
Beckett : How upset?
Max : Well, you have to understand.
Max : All the contestants are cast on this show
Max : to tell their unique, yet familiar stories.
Max : Odette was the poor, little, rich girl,
Max : and Eddie was the kid from the wrong side of the tracks.
Max : We cast Eddie to bring the drama.
Max : Eddie brought the drama, and not just for the cameras.
Max : He was furious when we sent him packing,
Max : and we all got an earful about it.
UNK: SCOFFS And he was so rude.
Pierre : I had to call security.
Beckett : Was he threatening?
UNK: Let's just say I was relieved when he was gone.
Max : Ironic, really. How so?
Max : Well, according to the rules,
Max : when a contestant is unable to continue,
Max : the last eliminated dancer returns to take his or her place.
Castle : And that dancer is Eddie Gordon.