Brad : I knew she was innocent.
Castle : She wasn't innocent. She was a distraction.
Castle : Odette got you down to the kitchen
Castle : while her accomplice went and murdered her grandfather.
Beckett : And then when Barbra Landau figured out the truth,
Beckett : the accomplice murdered her, too.
Castle : Mr. Lynchberg, being the Morton family financial advisor,
Castle : that must give you pretty good insight
Castle : into their personal lives, right?
Lynchberg : Well, looking at what people spend their money on,
Lynchberg : you get to know folks pretty well.
Beckett : And how well did you know Odette?
Lynchberg : As well as any of my clients.
UNK: And given the lectures that I gave her about her lifestyle,
Lynchberg : maybe more so.
Castle : We understand about the time her grandfather died,
Lanie : Odette was dating someone,
Castle : someone her grandfather didn't approve of.
Lynchberg : Well, that's not surprising. The two of them rarely saw eye to eye.
Beckett : This boyfriend. Do you remember who he was?
Lynchberg : No. Why?
UNK: Well, because we think that he conspired with Odette
Beckett : to kill her grandfather, and then he killed Barbra
Beckett : when she was on the verge of figuring it all out.
Castle : You're sure you don't remember?
Beckett : Well, we just spoke with Odette's brother, and he remembers.
Beckett : In fact he remembers it being you.
UNK: He said that the two of you wanted to get married,
Beckett : but Odette's grandfather threatened to cut her off.
CASTLE : Now, a girl like Odette,
UNK: she can never be happy living off a meager,
UNK: six-figure salary like yours.
Castle : She needed to inherit.
Castle : But that old man refused to die.
Beckett : So she convinced you to go upstairs
Beckett : and smother him to death with a pillow,
Beckett : while she created a distraction in the kitchen. Problem solved.
Castle : Except once she had her money, she left you.
Castle : Went back to her partying lifestyle.
Beckett : She used you. But there wasn't anything you could do about it.
Beckett : At least not without admitting to the murder.
Lynchberg : You can't prove that. His death wasn't even ruled a homicide.
Beckett : No, but Barbra Landau's was.
Beckett : Uniforms found this .9 millimeter in the dumpster behind your offices.
Beckett : Ballistics match.
Beckett : This is the same gun that was used to kill Barbra Landau.
Beckett : And it's got your fingerprints all over it.
Beckett : Last month, when her credit card bills were so high,
Lynchberg : I thought she was slipping back into her old ways.