Castle : Well, that's very mature of you, Mother.
Martha : Thank you.
Castle : "If Tennessee Williams knew what crimes
UNK: "Martha Rodgers had committed against this audience in his name,
UNK: "he would have her arrested for assault."
UNK: EXHALES
Martha : Rising above.
BECKETT : Come on, Castle, how mean can this critic be?
UNK: I'm just afraid that she's gonna get her heart broken, you know?
Castle : I mean, you know my mother. On the exterior, she's a tough cookie,
UNK: but underneath all that bravado, gooey center.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. So who's our victim?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Odette Morton. Cause of death is a single GSW to the heart.
UNK: Probably a .9 millimeter. She died instantly.
UNK: Well, the bullet went right through her.
Beckett : Well, unless our killer used a silencer,
Beckett : someone must have heard the shot.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Not necessarily.
UNK: Javier Esposito : According to the stage manager,
UNK: Javier Esposito : this area clears out once taping starts.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Plus, the opening pyrotechnics could've covered a gunshot.
Beckett : Well, that's assuming she was shot just as the show started.
Lanie : It looks like she was.
UNK: Yeah, the makeup girl finished with Odette at 2 : 45,
UNK: taping starts at 3 : 00, and she was discovered at 3 : 04.
UNK: Nineteen minutes. That's not a very big window.
Beckett : All right, see if the crew saw anyone near this room around that time.
Esposito : You got it.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan? Can I get a list
UNK: of all the guests that were invited to tonight's taping,
Beckett : along with anyone that checked in at security?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Already on it, but that's not the only way in here.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : There's an exit door to the alley down the hall.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : The crew guys like to prop it open so they can go out for a smoke.
Castle : So either our killer got lucky and found an unlocked door...
Beckett : Or this was an inside job.
LANIE : That gets my vote.
Lanie : Odette was a lock to win this thing.
Lanie : I bet it was one of her backstabbing rivals that did this.
Lanie : What? I watch the show. Odette was my favorite contestant.
Lanie : She was an heiress, raised by her rich grandpa.
Lanie : A party girl, headed down the wrong path.
Lanie : Then a brush with death made her wake up and change her bad-girl ways.
Castle : That's a great story.
Lanie : Except for the ending.
Ryan : I gotta say, Dr. Parish,
UNK: I'm not, exactly.