Brad : But I also believed her when she said she was clean now,
Brad : and that dancing was all she cared about.
Beckett : Are you trying to say that that wasn't true?
Brad : What I'm trying to say is, two months ago,
Brad : I walked into makeup early one morning
Brad : and found Odette shooting up.
Beckett : Are you sure about this?
Brad : 100% positive.
Brad : If Max knew she was using, she would have been eliminated on the spot.
Beckett : But you never told Max.
Brad : Odette promised she would clean up. I gave her a second chance.
Brad : But I also kept an eye on her.
Brad : Then a month ago, I caught her again.
Brad : I told her I was going to Max, that she was on her own.
Castle : And did you?
Brad : No, because Odette threatened me.
Brad : She said that if I went to Max and told him what I'd seen,
UNK: then she'd go to him and tell him that
Brad : I was the one that let her off the first time.
Brad : Max would have fired me for keeping a secret that big from him.
Brad : I'd be off the show.
Brad : I'd be Brian Dunkleman.
Beckett : Who's Brian Dunkleman? Exactly.
Castle : So if Odette went down, she was taking you with her?
RYAN : Brad was right about her shooting up.
UNK: Found these hidden in a false bottom underneath her jewelry box.
Ryan : No wonder CSU missed it when they went through her apartment.
Esposito : Could be speed.
Beckett : Yeah, except I just got off the phone with Lanie,
UNK: and she said that preliminary tox screen results
Beckett : show that Odette wasn't using drugs.
UNK: At least, none of the usual ones.
Beckett : So what the hell is in this bottle?
UNK: PEOPLE LAUGHING
UNK: Oona Marconi : And so I said to Sir Laurence,
UNK: Oona Marconi : "Larry, that is the second best performance
UNK: "But I'm afraid no one can improve the Orson Welles's interpretation."
UNK: "Larry," I said, "You've simply been outdone."
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Wow. What did Olivier say to that?
Oona : He said, "My dear girl, you have the makings of a theater critic."
UNK: And so, here I am.
Martha : Yes, indeed, you are!
Martha : Oh, by the way,
Martha : I don't know if I told you that recently
Martha : I opened my own acting school.
Oona : Martha, how wonderful!
Martha : Thank you.
Oona : How good of you to share your years and years of experience
Oona : with a new generation.
Castle : Yes, we are very proud.
MARTHA : And I was wondering,
Martha : perhaps you might consider stopping by and sitting in on a class or two.
Martha : And then, if you felt so inclined,
Martha : mentioning our little school in one of your wonderful columns?
Oona : I'd be happy to do that. You just tell me where and when.
Martha : Well, that's lovely.
Oona : I just hope you're not teaching your students your little trick
Oona : of tilting your head
Oona : before delivering an important line of dialogue.
Martha : I don't do that.
Oona : Well, you did it when you played Maggie the Cat.
Oona : Oh, and you fluttered your hands like little bird wings.
Oona : I kept waiting for you to take off.
Castle : Who wants pie? Alexis, would you... Thank you.
Martha : I believe that was the year that I was nominated for a Tony.
Oona : Well, perhaps the American Theater Wing
Oona : is more tolerant of head tilting and hand fluttering than I am.
UNK: SIGHS
Oona : Martha, I'm just teasing.
Oona : You can't possibly still be upset about that old review?
UNK: Yeah, let's not say anything we'll regret.
Martha : That was no review, that was a hatchet job.
Martha : It was vicious and it was uncalled for.
Oona : And it was also accurate.
UNK: SOFTLY Rise above. Rise above.
Martha : You know what, Oona? I rescind my request.
UNK: There is no way I would accept your endorsement of my school now
Martha : if you begged me.
Oona : Fat chance of that.
Oona : Just remember, Martha, those who can't do, teach.
Martha : And those who can't teach, become theater critics!
UNK: Ha! Ha.
UNK: Gram.
UNK: GROANS
Castle : Could have been worse.
Castle : My mother exposed her gooey center,
Castle : and Oona Marconi drove a stake through it.
Beckett : Well, tell her I feel her pain.
Castle : Thanks, I will. Anything new on the case?
UNK: Yeah, unis found the cafe that Odette went to at 11 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : the day that she was killed.
Castle : Scoring drugs off her mystery man?
Beckett : More like scoring a fat-free latte.
UNK: She met up with a friend for coffee. Suzanne Steiner.
Castle : A friend? Leaving the studio on show day was a very big deal.
Castle : What was so important that it couldn't wait?
Beckett : According to Suzanne, she just wanted to talk about old times.
Ryan : Hey. We got a fax from the lab.
Ryan : That clear vial of liquid that we found at Odette's apartment,
Ryan : it wasn't illegal drugs. It's insulin.
Castle : Odette was diabetic?
RYAN : Not according to her doctor.
UNK: He said he hasn't seen her in over a year.
Beckett : Well, maybe she developed it recently or maybe she went to a new doctor.
Castle : Then why not just tell Brad Melville the truth?
Castle : That it wasn't speed, it was insulin?
Castle : And why bother buying Jasmine half of Fifth Avenue to keep her quiet?
Castle : Well, I think I can help with that.
Esposito : CSU report is back on Odette's place.
Esposito : They only found one set of prints. And they were not Odette's.
Esposito : They belong to a woman named Barbra Landau.
Beckett : Who the hell is Barbra Landau?
Esposito : Not someone who would run in Odette's circles.
Esposito : She was raised in foster care and was a high school dropout.
Castle : So she was staying with Odette?
Beckett : We need to talk to her. ESPOSITO : That's gonna be tough.
Esposito : Officially, Barbra Landau's been dead for over a year.
Esposito : Here's her death certificate.
Beckett : She died of blunt force trauma
Beckett : from injuries suffered in a train collision.
Esposito : That's right. The same train collision that Odette survived.
Esposito : Or did she?
Ryan : You see that picture of Odette?
Esposito : Well, this is Barbra.
Castle : They're identical.
Beckett : But that's impossible.
UNK: Impossible? Or the explanation to everything?
Castle : The dramatic change in Odette after the accident,
Castle : the need to hide being a diabetic,
Brad : because Odette was not a diabetic.
Beckett : Odette Morton didn't survive that train crash, Barbra did.
Castle : And like a phoenix rising from the ashes,
Castle : Barbra Landau walked away from the wreckage of that train
Castle : and stole Odette Morton's life.
Castle : Twin girls are born and put up for adoption.
Castle : Odette goes to a wealthy, loving family, Barbra, not so lucky.
Castle : She gets bounced around from one foster home to the next,
Castle : always knowing, deep inside, that she was meant for something better.
Castle : Then one day, the two of them meet on a train bound for Miami.
Castle : The connection is instantaneous.
Castle : In two days they learn everything there is to know about each other.
Castle : And Barbra can't help but think,
UNK: "If only I had landed in the lap of luxury like Odette,
UNK: "I could have been anything I wanted to be."