Ryan : while wearing the eternal symbol of my love and commitment to Jenny.
Ryan : Did I just say that out loud? Mmm.
Ryan : No wonder women won't flirt with me.
Ryan : I'm a lost cause. A man in love with his wife.
Esposito : Enjoy it, my friend.
Esposito : A lot of men would switch places with you.
UNK: Not me. Mmm-mmm. Other men.
UNK: Guys. Unhappy, single guys.
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just give me my ring back,
Ryan : and you can go get Shantell's phone number.
Beckett : What the...
UNK: Ow. What?
Esposito : It's stuck.
Castle : The guys are out picking up Barbra's ex-boyfriend.
Castle : I thought I'd use the time to follow up
UNK: on what they'd learned at the club.
Castle : Starting with the fact that Barbra Landau did get plastic surgery.
Castle : Here is her old DMV photo.
Beckett : She's a pretty girl. Exactly.
UNK: The plastic surgery didn't make her look more beautiful,
Castle : just made her look more like Odette Morton.
Castle : You remember her accountant, Samuel Lynchberg,
Castle : told you that Odette paid for her friend's nose job?
Beckett : And you think Barbra is that friend?
Beckett : You think they knew each other?
Castle : I know it. Lynchberg's assistant
UNK: confirmed that Odette paid for Barbra's surgery, plus expenses.
Beckett : And I'm guessing you have a theory as to why?
Castle : You know Odette loved to party.
Castle : Speaking from personal experience,
Castle : I can tell you that all that constant carousing
Castle : does not come without consequences.
Castle : Like arrests, community service hours,
Castle : waking up in a strange hotel room
Castle : with some girl's panties on your head.
Castle : Forget that part.
UNK: Here is Odette doing her community service hours
Castle : for her second DUI in 2010.
Castle : Here's Odette at a bridal shower with friends.
UNK: So?
Castle : So according to the timestamps,
Castle : these photos were taken on the same day within 20 minutes of each other.
Beckett : So it was really Barbra at the soup kitchen.
UNK: Odette would do the crime, but she didn't want to do the time.
UNK: So she created a "Faux-dette" to do her dirty work for her.
Castle : A job that I bet paid very well.
Castle : Maybe a wild night on the town brings Odette to the strip club,
Castle : where she sees Barbra, all of Barbra.
Castle : And she realizes, with a little work,
Castle : Barbra could be the perfect double for her,
Castle : doing all the unpleasant jobs
Castle : that Odette simply couldn't be bothered to do.
Castle : Community service hours, drug tests...
Beckett : And with a little training and some surgical tweaks,
Beckett : Barbra could do even more.
Beckett : Like meetings with Odette's business manager,
UNK: or boring luncheons with her Aunt Margaret.
UNK: And nobody in Odette's inner circle could have known about the ruse.
Castle : So that when the train crashed,
Castle : Barbra saw her chance to go from understudy
Castle : to leading lady and she took it.
Beckett : Okay, so that explains the transition,
Beckett : but we still don't know who killed her.
Castle : Maybe we do.
Castle : It would have to be someone that knew Odette
Castle : was actually Barbra when he saw her on TV.
Castle : Someone who was looking to cash in on her new life.
Beckett : Someone like Barbra's boyfriend, Jason.
Jason : I'm telling you, this is crazy. I didn't kill anybody!
Beckett : You realized that Barbra didn't die
Beckett : in that train accident. She was alive.
Castle : And living as Odette Morton, which meant she was very rich.
Beckett : You knew her secret, and you wanted to be rich, too.
Castle : But Barbra wasn't the kind of girl to claw her way into the good life
Castle : and then be taken advantage of by the likes of you.
Beckett : She rejected you, and so you shot her.
Jason : See, this is why I didn't come forward.
Jason : I knew you'd suspect me.
Beckett : We suspect people with motive, Jason.
UNK: SIGHS You got it wrong. Barbra came to me.