Esposito : That was Eddie's exit interview.
Esposito : Contestants are encouraged by producers to speak freely.
Castle : He certainly took their advice.
UNK: Eddie has got a record back home in Rochester.
Ryan : says they remember seeing him in the studio
Ryan : the afternoon Odette was murdered.
Beckett : Okay, so, Eddie was eliminated,
Beckett : but he knew that if Odette was out of the running,
Beckett : he'd be asked to return and take her slot.
Castle : So he went back and eliminated Odette.
UNK: Permanently.
UNK: B and E, robbery. You were pretty busy up in Rochester, Eddie.
UNK: Eddie Gordon : Yeah, but that was a long time ago.
UNK: Eddie Gordon : When I started dancing, I gave up thug life.
Beckett : Yeah, well, that didn't stop you from going off on the judges
Beckett : when you were eliminated.
Eddie : Me going home was the wrong call, and I said so.
Eddie : Maybe I said it loud, but that don't make me no killer.
Castle : Now that Odette can't finish the competition,
Castle : the last eliminated contestant will be asked to return.
Castle : And that's you, Eddie.
Eddie : Like my daddy used to say, the universe works in mysterious ways.
Beckett : And maybe you decided to give the universe just a little shove.
Beckett : So what were you doing at the studio on show day?
Eddie : I went by early to see my boy, Santino.
Eddie : Give him support on his big day.
UNK: You got an answer for everything, don't you, Eddie?
UNK: And you know what else you've got?
UNK: You got motive and opportunity.
Eddie : Man, I was across town when that mess happened, meeting my agent.
Eddie : But last week, something was going on with Odette.
Eddie : Something that didn't have nothing to do with dancing.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Eddie : She was out of it. Missing easy steps.
UNK: She'd say she was going to the ladies' room
Eddie : then be gone for half an hour.
Castle : What do you think she was doing?
Eddie : I know what she was doing.
Eddie : I saw her go out the back door.
Eddie : Meet some guy in the alley.
UNK: They talk real serious for a minute,
UNK: then she handed him a roll of bills. Looked like 3 grand, easy.