Martha : Darling, I don't think a simple apology is gonna get me out of this.
Castle : Then in the wise words of Don Vito Corleone,
UNK: MIMICKING VITO CORLEONE
Castle : you need to make her an offer she can't refuse.
UNK: And if there is anything... CLEARS THROAT
UNK: NORMAL VOICE If there's anything I can do to help, you let me know.
Martha : I will. I will.
BECKETT : Mr. Carson, you worked for Graham Morton for over 25 years.
Beckett : I understand that you were very close with his grandkids.
UNK: Charles Carson : Well, as close as one could be,
UNK: Charles Carson : while still maintaining the employer-servant relationship.
Castle : So when the victim called you
Castle : taping on Wednesday, you said yes.
Charles : I was delighted.
Charles : She asked me to meet her afterwards,
UNK: said that she had a question for me,
Charles : but, of course, as you know, they canceled the show,
Charles : and I didn't find out until the next day what had happened.
Charles : I had no idea that that girl wasn't Odette.
Charles : And no idea why she wanted to talk to me.
Beckett : She wanted to talk to you about the day that Graham Morton died.
Beckett : Why would she care about that?
CASTLE : It seems she had some evidence
Alexis : that Mr. Morton didn't die of natural causes.
Charles : I don't understand. Are you saying that he was murdered?
Beckett : You were at the house that day, weren't you?
Charles : Oh, good Lord! You don't think that I had...
Beckett : You were the person closest to him. You had ample opportunity.
Castle : We've seen the will. He left you a generous bequest.
Charles : I would never have hurt Mr. Morton.
Charles : But that woman, the woman who pretended to be Odette,
Charles : she might be right about his death.
Charles : In fact, it's possible that she believed that I knew something.
Charles : Tell me, how did Mr. Morton die?
Charles : Was he smothered?
Esposito : Why would you ask that?
Charles : The month he died, there was tension in the household.
Charles : Odette was seeing someone of whom Mr. Morton did not approve.
Beckett : Do you know who?
Charles : No, but he ordered her to break it off.
UNK: And then, of course, that day Odette was crying.
Charles : She spent most of the morning in her room.
UNK: At about 1 : 00, Mr. Morton said that he wanted to take a nap.
Charles : So I cleared the bed of all the pillows, he preferred a flat surface.
Charles : Now, a few moments later, there was a commotion down in the kitchen.
Charles : Odette had put a sandwich in the toaster oven too long,
Charles : and it had caused a small fire.
Charles : We put it out, and then I went back upstairs to check on Mr. Morton
Charles : and he was dead.
Charles : And that's when I noticed it.
Castle : Noticed what?
Charles : A pillow, on the bed.
Charles : And I was sure that I had taken them all off.
Charles : So I told Odette about it,
Charles : but she said my mind was playing tricks on me, so I let it go.
UNK: Mr. Carson, when you were in the kitchen,
Beckett : was there ever a moment that Odette was out of your sight?
UNK: No.