UNK: You've crossed out estrogen. You got an explanation?
House : Yes, I have, a very simple one.
UNK: And?
House : It's private.
Chase : You think I'm the one... Running to Vogler.
House : You're currently top of the list.
House : Toxic comas...
House : Person's away from the cause long enough, they recover.
Chase : The feds checked for poisons. We checked for poisons. I didn't do it.
House : It's not a poison then. An allergy.
Chase : - Did you hear me? - What about a food sensitivity?
UNK: All his food is strictly controlled. There's no correlation between his meals and his condition.
Chase : He had steak and potatoes before the first coma,
Chase : and the hospital served fish sticks before the second one.
Chase : You can trust me.
House : Problem is, if I can't trust you,
House : I can't trust your statement that I can trust you.
House : But thanks anyway. You've been a big help.
House : So, where did you get the money? What?
House : Someone paid you off. What are you talkin' about?
UNK: He wasn't poisoned. You told us that...
UNK: Who's talking about poison? I'm talking about payoffs, graft.
Bill : Leave him alone.
House : You paid the marshal off.
Bill : I didn't pay him to poison my brother.
House : No. It just worked out that way.
Bill : I gave the guy some money to bring in some decent food.
House : Better than fish sticks? I'm thinking steak.
UNK: We asked for pasta, but those stupid feds could care less...
House : He had steak before both comas.
House : Your brother has ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.
House : Want me to write it down?
UNK: Good, 'cause it takes a while. It's genetic, can present at any time.
UNK: If the patient eats a large amount of protein, especially if he's not used to it...
UNK: What, that's it? He just stays off the red meat, and he's gonna be fine?
House : Yes. If I'm right and we stop the current treatment, he gets better.
House : If we stop the current treatment and I'm wrong, he dies.
Bill : - Why would you be wrong? - His estrogen level.
House : O.T.D. doesn't explain his estrogen level.
House : But I have a theory.
House : There is one chemical that, if ingested,
House : can cause a person's estrogen level to increase dramatically.
Bill : - What is it? - It's called estrogen.
Bill : Joey's taking estrogen? What, he wants a sex change?
House : No, nothing like that.
UNK: It's called "Male Flame".
UNK: It's probably more consumer-friendly in the original Chinese.
House : It's an herbal aphrodisiac marketed to gay men.
UNK: Ah, here we go. - And it's sold on the same Web site that sells his Chai Hu lozenges.
House : Guess what's in it? It starts with an "E".
UNK: You wanna get hit too?
UNK: That would be quite a trick. He slapped me so hard, his brother turned straight.
House : Joey's a big-time mobster. Guys like that don't get raped in prison.
House : They get gifts. They get food, drugs, cigarettes.
House : Cable TV.
Bill : Joey is not gay.
House : Maybe not gay, but certainly delightful.
House : You, on the other hand, hitting a doctor, even if it was only Chase,
House : and asking another one to keep Joey's chart fresh and homo-free...
House : That's a bit of an overreaction, wouldn't you say?
House : It's almost like you're scared that it might be true. You're wrong.
House : Okay. Then don't stop the treatment.
House : But if you're wrong, he dies.
UNK: Okay.
Bill : He never said anything to me about it, not once.
UNK: That's what I love about you mob guys, so tolerant of others.
UNK: So accepting.
UNK: Only way he was coming out was way, way out.
UNK: Lose the tattoos, change his name, move to another town.
UNK: How's a guy like him gonna do that?
Bill : Witness Protection.
UNK: It's not just for witnesses anymore.
Chase : You can go in now, sit with him if you want.
Bill : - How much longer? - It's only been three hours.