Bill : This is so bizarre.
Chase : Not really. We just take Joey's blood out of his body...
Chase : and run it through a pig.
Chase : The pig's liver does what joey's can't. It cleans the blood.
Chase : Which we send right back to him.
Bill : And the pig makes him better?
UNK: Nope. Just buys us some time to figure out what's poisoning your brother.
UNK: Like nothin'. Like you do this all the time.
Chase : Oh, we've basically got a barn in the basement.
Cameron : Cross off hemlock.
Foreman : You thought he was being poisoned by hemlock?
Foreman : Dr. Euripides tell you to check for that?
UNK: It grows wild by the highways out here.
UNK: So, how much do you like House?
UNK: Chase has a big mouth. - Yeah. He's probably the one who ratted to Vogler.
Cameron : - I don't think that he would... - Does it hurt when you're with House?
Foreman : Little pain in the tummy, but it sort of feels good too?
Cameron : I don't have the right to show interest in someone? - You absolutely do.
Foreman : And I absolutely have the right to humiliate you for it.
UNK: Anything?
UNK: White blood count's low, probably a result of the illness. Nothing to connect to the liver.
House : Is he a smoker? Let me check.
House : Early signs of emphysema. He's been smoking at least a dozen years.
UNK: Eighteen. You got that from the white count?
House : Nope. Got that from the chest X-ray.
House : White count just tells me he's quitting.
Cameron : Two weeks ago.
Foreman : How's your tummy?
Cameron : Flat and taut.
Brady : I've been on the job for 12 years.
Everhardt : You put $3,000 in your wife's checking account this morning. I wanna know where it came from.
Brady : I got a perfect record. Where did you get the money?
UNK: Cancel the thumbscrews. I've got our culprit.
UNK: Who? Not who, "Hu".
House : - Huh? - Thanks for playing along.
UNK: Chai Hu. Chinese herb in his "quit smoking" candy.
House : Reduces cravings. Also reduces his white blood count.
House : Oh, yeah, he also took enough of them to poison himself.
House : We'll keep him on the pig for a few more hours, and then take him off the candy.
House : He'll be fine.
House : Pig won't be. Oh, no.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey, feelin' better?
UNK: I'm famished.
UNK: I think they got fish sticks on the menu.
Joey : Ah, yeah. Makes me miss prison.
Wilson : So, the mobster's good to go?
House : I'll keep him overnight, then let the feds know...
House : he's good to rat out whoever he wants.
Wilson : - Brother won't be happy. - Maybe I have to give back the car.
Wilson : You should let Vogler tell the feds. Why?
Wilson : Because it matters to him.
Wilson : Because you humiliated him the first time Joey was released.
Wilson : You think you should still be in third there, ace? - He humiliated himself.
Wilson : And because your job depends on the kind of mood Vogler's in at the end of his marathon with Cuddy.
UNK: Seriously, man, have you ever actually driven an automobile before? There are four gears, you know?
UNK: The '66 came with a "shut up" button.
UNK: I have a problem with the tests.
Bill : I need to know...
House : It is my medical opinion that the patient is healthy and can be released.
Vogler : Thanks for letting us know.
UNK: Get me the U.S. Attorney's office.
UNK: I see you found out what we're meeting about. You're having a meeting?