UNK: Likely causes : The fact that you haven't thanked her for dinner in eight years...
House : or the receipt for fur handcuffs that she found in your pants?
House : Sudden onset equals approximate cause.
Chase : He also has high estrogen levels in his blood. That's indicative of a chronic condition, not acute.
House : One test. What do his other liver tests tell us?
UNK: Normal albumen levels point toward acute.
UNK: Oh, okay, and, uh, why is her test better than mine?
House : Because she's cuter, though it's close.
House : Do a liver biopsy. When the results come back, we'll know what we're looking at.
UNK: Why wait to treat the hep "C"? If I'm right, Joey gets better that much faster.
House : Right. Then he gets to testify. And you get a gold star from Cuddy.
UNK: And what's the downside? Or is that the downside?
House : Do I have a reason for not wanting you to get any stars?
House : Fine. Start the treatment.
House : It's all your idea. Don't even mention my name.
House : There's nothing wrong with your theory. Go.
House : But in the "humor me" department, get a biopsy while you're at it.
House : Foreman, we need to talk.
House : - You're off the case. - What?
UNK: Why? - Somebody told Vogler that I lied to the transplant committee.
Foreman : - You think I did? - You're too careful.
House : You wouldn't jump ship unless you knew what was in the water. Stop. You're embarrassing me.
House : But I want Vogler to think I think it's you.
House : And I want Cameron and Chase, Cuddy and Wilson, the nursing staff...
House : and the cashier in the parking lot to think that too.
UNK: Right.
Chase : The blood tests show you have hepatitis "C".
Chase : It's a virus that infects the liver.
Bill : No way. It's not all bad news.
Chase : It can often be cured. And even if not, it's manageable.
UNK: How'd my brother get this? It usually involves the exchange of bodily fluids. Either...
Chase : Bodily fluids? What are you talkin' about?
Chase : There are many ways the virus can be transmitted... sharing needles, blood transfusions...
UNK: Hey! Nobody talks to my brother like this, okay?
UNK: Fine. No idea how he got it.
UNK: But he has hepatitis "C". We're gonna start him on...
Bill : He doesn't have it. Don't mention it again. Don't treat him for it.