Cameron : We spoke...
Cameron : about how we felt.
Chase : You told him you liked him? No, ofcourse not.
UNK: Wh-What are you talking about then? I asked him if he liked me.
Chase : Why would you do that? Because...
Cameron : I like him.
Chase : You like him like him?
Cameron : Doesn't matter. He doesn't like me.
Chase : Hey, he doesn't like anybody.
Chase : And nobody likes him.
Chase : M.R.I. showed a subdural hematoma.
Foreman : Bleeding around his brain caused pressure inside his head, which caused the coma.
House : These look like pseudo-membranes.
House : Those take time to form.
UNK: If it's an old injury, it wouldn't cause the coma.
Cameron : Patient history indicates he was hit with a tire iron in 1996.
Cameron : Brother says he was changing a tire and it slipped.
UNK: An old hematoma placed where this one is could have caused his coma.
House : - What about his liver? - L.F.T.'s are slightly elevated.
UNK: Key word is "slightly", as in not high enough to cause the coma.
UNK: It's the subdural. I say we evacuate the cavity, see if he wakes up.
UNK: The neurologist thinks it's his brain and wants to open up his head? Frankly, I'm shocked.
UNK: And you get to use the "big boy" drill in Daddy's big red toolbox.
Joey : No drilling.
Bill : - Hi. - Mr. Smith.
Joey : Call me Joe. Can you not do that?
Joey : So, we're clear about the no drilling?
Chase : He's okay now. He can leave.
UNK: I'm not releasing him. 'Cause the brother doesn't want you to?
House : Or because he had an unexplained coma. Which sounds better?
UNK: The hematoma caused the coma. That's a catchy diagnosis. You could dance to that.
Foreman : I think Chase is right.
Foreman : It still should be evacuated, but it's not an immediate threat.
House : Cameron's my girl.
Cameron : I'd release him.
UNK: Are you disagreeing with me because... - I'm disagreeing because that's my medical opinion.
UNK: Ofcourse it is.
House : But unless I've been named as the fourth part of the "axis of evil",
House : invaded and occupied, this is still not a democracy.
House : He's staying. Send for hepatitis serologies and an autoimmune panel.
House : Hey, I'm with you.
House : Old enough to drink, old enough to do something really stupid and make yourself a baby.
Henry : He's my brother. I'm watching him while our parents are in Barbados.
Henry : He's having trouble breathing, and there's a lot of wheezing.
House : Whistling, technically. Upper airways. Nose.
UNK: If he's got the croup, that... that could become meningitis, right? Absolutely.
UNK: I... I was just studying, and all of a sudden I hear him crying and sounding all weird.
UNK: Oh... M-My parents are gonna kill me.
House : I doubt it. You don't know them.
House : No, I doubt you were studying while your parents were away.
House : Hello, Officer.
UNK: You might wanna rinse this off before you let him play with it again.