House : Sure, in white folk.
Kutner : They're black?
House : They're liars.
House : What's your name?
Jerry : Jerry Harmon.
House : Your real name. Hosarian? Herzog? H'Ali-Baba?
UNK: Hammoud.
Jerry : Jamal Hammoud.
Jerry : Changed it when we invaded Iraq, the first time.
UNK: How did you know?
House : You and your daughter have Familial Mediterranean Fever.
House : It's a genetic disease contracted by people of Mediterranean descent.
House : Sephardic Jews, Armenians, Arabs.
House : Causes anhedonia, seizures, kidney failure, even lactose intolerance.
House : Symptoms are set off by age and stress.
House : Kid couldn't get happy, but she could get stressed by Daddy dying.
Cuddy : You don't know if we'll get better?
House : Treatment tends to be hit and miss, once you reach the sweating blood stage.
House : Start them on colchicine and melphalan.
Foreman : His kidneys are fried.
Foreman : If he doesn't have FMF, the colchicine will kill him.
UNK: Boy, I sure hope I'm right.
Foreman : Mr. Harmon?
Thirteen : Mr. Harmon, I need you to open your eyes.
Thirteen : Feeling better?
Jerry : How's Samantha?
Thirteen : Healthy enough to toss you a kidney.
UNK: Dad? Sammy.
Cuddy : Baby's doing great.
UNK: I...
Cuddy : I can't imagine how hard this must be for you.
Becca : I was stupid and selfish.
Cuddy : You were scared.
Becca : Yeah. But you wouldn't have been.
Cuddy : That's not true.
Becca : Well, I mean, you would have been scared,
UNK: but you would have done the right thing anyway.
UNK: And I wanna be like that.
UNK: I don't wanna be a loser.
Cuddy : You're not a loser.
Becca : When I saw you hold her, and the look on your face,
Becca : it was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Becca : And that's when I realized
Becca : I can't...
UNK: Becca.
Becca : My life, it's always been about pain and anger and disappointment,
Becca : never about love.
Becca : And that's when I realized, you know, it could be.
Becca : And I can't give that away.
Cuddy : Becca, don't do this.
Cuddy : What you're feeling is natural,
Cuddy : but you're filled with hormones and emotion and fear.
Cuddy : And you just can't make a huge decision like this right now,
Cuddy : you have to give it some time.
Becca : I'm so sorry.
Cuddy : It's a decision that changes everything.
Cuddy : Changes the rest of your life.
Becca : I hope so.
Cuddy : It's really not the greatest time for gloating.
House : There's more than one baby in the sea.
House : The world is full of teenage boys riding bareback.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I'm done. I can't go through that again.
House : You're quitting?
Wilson : Just like you quit IVF?
Cuddy : Yeah. Just like that.
House : There, you just did it again.
House : It's too bad.
UNK: You would have made a great mother.
Cuddy : You son of a bitch.
Cuddy : When I was getting a baby, you told me I'd suck as a mother.
Cuddy : Now that I've lost it, you tell me I'd be great as a mother.
Cuddy : Why do you need to negate everything?
Jerry : I don't know.