House : If you can't handle wearing that stain, you can't handle a baby.
Cuddy : Why do you even care?
Cuddy : It's not like I'm ever gonna ask you to baby-sit.
House : I'm a humanitarian.
Taub : We should stop him.
Thirteen : The whole point was to...
Taub : Let him plow into some innocent bystander?
Thirteen : His legs are working. Obviously his eyes are working, too.
Taub : His reaction time could be slower.
Thirteen : He's stopping.
Taub : Yeah, I see.
Taub : He's having sleep sex.
UNK: Maybe.
Thirteen : Pull up to her. I know.
Thirteen : What'd that guy want?
Sadie : Piss off.
Thirteen : Go after him. She's not a hooker.
Taub : How do you know?
Jerry : Do you want me to describe the clues,
Thirteen : or do you want to stop him before he finishes off the drugs he just bought?
UNK: Apparently, Rip's a coke fiend.
House : So, Sleeping Beauty has a jones for Snow White.
Taub : Coke explains the narcolepsy,
Taub : narcolepsy explains the sleepwalking.
Foreman : But it doesn't explain the rip in the space-time continuum.
Foreman : Coke leads to sleepwalking, which leads to coke,
Foreman : which leads to sleepwalking.
Foreman : What caused the first sleepwalking?
Thirteen : The coke he took while he was wide awake.
UNK: He says he didn't.
Thirteen : Wouldn't be the first time somebody lied about drug use.
Kutner : He has no reason to lie.
Kutner : He knows he's sick, his job doesn't drug test,
Kutner : no relationship, his daughter wouldn't find out.
House : Maybe he just forgot.
Taub : Forgot he did cocaine? You're going with forgot over lying?
UNK: It fits. Cocaine explains the narcolepsy, narcolepsy explains the sleepwalking.
UNK: Whatever's in the cocaine other than the cocaine explains the memory loss.
UNK: Dealers cut that stuff with all kinds of garbage.
Thirteen : Great. We'll start him on immediate treatment for "all kinds of garbage."
House : You can narrow it down in the lab.
Thirteen : Not without a sample.
House : So get a sample.
Taub : You want us to score cocaine from a drug dealer?
House : It's exciting.
Thirteen : It's a felony.
House : It's necessary.
Cameron : There she is. Amniotic fluid looks good.