Thirteen : No booze, no meds, no drugs.
Taub : And no view.
UNK: The building's half empty. He'd rather a view of the turnpike than the park.
Thirteen : Park views are probably 50% more.
UNK: You're surprised the guy's a pragmatist after looking at this place?
UNK: The guy's not a pragmatist, he's a flagellant.
UNK: Mmm.
Thirteen : Looks like mold.
UNK: Mom would have cleaned better.
Thirteen : Exposure to certain types of mold can cause short-term memory loss.
Thirteen : We're testing both of you.
Samantha : I feel fine.
Thirteen : I'm sure you are. We're just being cautious.
Thirteen : So, where do you guys go, other than home and school?
Samantha : Nowhere. Dad works at home, and I go to school.
Thirteen : What about sports, friends, travel?
Samantha : Like I said, Dad works at home, and I go to school.
Thirteen : Must be hard not having your mom around, huh?
Samantha : I was only four when the accident happened.
Thirteen : Still, I'm sure you both miss her sometimes.
Samantha : Not really.
Thirteen : You're strong. No, I just don't get
Samantha : what the big deal about death is, you know?
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : How is she?
Thirteen : Physically, she's fine. Mentally, she's weird.
Foreman : I'm sure she's just freaked out about her dad. Mr. Harmon?
Foreman : Mr. Harmon?
Thirteen : Where are you going?
Jerry : I have an appointment. I have to go.
Thirteen : We haven't finished with your treatment,
UNK: and we're still waiting on some test results.
Jerry : I have an appointment.
UNK: I'm sorry, you're gonna have to reschedule.
Jerry : I really have to go.
Thirteen : Mr. Harmon, do you know where you are?
Jerry : Why are you trying to stop me?
Foreman : Look at his eyes.
Thirteen : Is he having a seizure?
Foreman : His pupils are responsive. I think he's asleep.
Taub : He was just asleep. It means no memory loss.
Taub : And sleepwalking doesn't kill, unless he walks out a window.
UNK: Sleepwalking's not a diagnosis, it's a symptom.
Foreman : As long as we can't figure out why...
Taub : Stress-induced insomnia. Lots of people sleepwalk.
Foreman : Not in the middle of the day before they've even put their head on a pillow.
Kutner : Could be some sort of narcolepsy.
House : Which is caused by...
Kutner : There's usually a genetic history.
UNK: Or?
Thirteen : If you know the answer, can you tell us the answer?
House : I don't know the answer. Which brings us back to "Or?"
Kutner : Some sort of environmental trigger.
House : Which means? It's a toxin.
House : So we are?
UNK: Being led down an annoying path.
House : I honestly don't know where this is going. Just following the clues.
Taub : We're right back where we started.
Taub : The mold we found doesn't cause these symptoms,
Taub : and there's nothing else at his home.
UNK: And? And you're obnoxious.
Thirteen : He never goes anywhere else.
House : Which we know because?
Thirteen : Because he says so.
Thirteen : Because his daughter says so. Because they have no reason to lie.
House : Which proves he never goes anywhere else
UNK: when
UNK: he's...
UNK: Conscious.
House : Oh, my God, you're right.
Foreman : He said he had an appointment.
House : Next time, let him keep it.
House : Send him home, see where his dreams take him.