House : You're not? You just told me...
House : The wrong answer.
House : You can give the mom more blood.
House : You can't give the fetus more lungs.
Cuddy : The lungs might work.
Cuddy : It's the right decision, medically.
House : And yet, you're here.
Cuddy : To get your opinion, not to get jerked around.
House : See, this is what's screwed up here.
House : You're not sure that this is the right call,
House : but you are sure that this is what you want to tell her.
House : And that scares you because your motives aren't medical.
House : Some part of you doesn't want this baby,
House : and that part wants to tell her to kill it.
Cuddy : This is an impossible situation.
Cuddy : I'm advising her to take the safest route.
UNK: Right.
House : Doesn't explain why you changed your sweater.
House : I need your advice.
Wilson : It's not cancer.
House : Wow! Can you remove spleens with your mind, too?
House : You're here to talk about Cuddy. The file is a pretext.
House : Why the hell haven't you come to talk to me about Cuddy?
House : I've been doing all sorts of insane stuff.
Wilson : If she can't handle your insanity, she can't handle a baby.
House : That's exactly my point.
Wilson : No, it isn't.
Wilson : You're feeling threatened because she's going on to high school
Wilson : and leaving you behind to repeat the 8th grade.
House : She's sleeping with her math teacher to get her diploma.
Wilson : Adoption is cheating? Are they giving her a fake kid?
House : That's the problem.
House : She gets to have a relationship with a kid,
House : but she can't handle one with an adult.
House : So she's gonna kill it.
UNK: That does seem cleaner.
Wilson : I've seen the file. She's making a judgment call.
House : Decisions are never made in a vacuum.
Wilson : Just like your decision to make her miserable.
Wilson : You're doing this because we no longer have inkwells,
Wilson : and Cuddy doesn't have pigtails.
House : Why do you think I did that?
Taub : How you doing?
House : Not sure.
Jerry : Been keeping an eye on the clock, like you said.
Jerry : I don't think I lost any time.
Taub : The machinery agrees with you. That means your problems were caused by the coke.
Jerry : Can't believe I did coke.
Taub : You were asleep.
Jerry : I chose to do coke.
Taub : In your sleep. You weren't responsible.
Jerry : Something inside me wanted to do it.
Jerry : Something inside of me didn't think it was wrong.
Taub : It's like a dream.
Taub : We all do stuff in our dreams we wouldn't do when we're awake.
Jerry : I don't.
Becca : What's that?
Jerry : Did I fall asleep and hurt myself?
Jerry : I don't see any cuts.
Taub : 'Cause there aren't any.
Kutner : I think
Taub : you're sweating blood.
UNK: The guy is bleeding out of his pores. What does that tell us?
UNK: Other than you don't want to play basketball against him, and he's dying.
UNK: That neither cocaine or allergies are the answer.
Kutner : It's gotta be systemic. Hemorrhagic virus maybe?
Thirteen : You think it's Ebola?
Thirteen : His white blood cell count would be through the roof. It's not an infection.
UNK: DIC?
Thirteen : Coags are normal.
Taub : It's cancer. Leukemia explains everything.
Kutner : - No fever. - The bleeding.
Kutner : - No weight loss. - The rash.
UNK: No headaches. The fatigue.
Kutner : Leukemia would be obvious from the CBC.
Taub : Leukemia has false negatives all the time.
House : So, we have four reasons for leukemia, four reasons against.
UNK: You only need one against.
House : Yeah, if we had one reason for anything else. Go do a bone marrow biopsy.
Becca : What would you do?
Kutner : I think...
Cuddy : I think you should wait.
Becca : But if I wait, I could die.
Cuddy : There would be more danger for you, but...
Becca : Is this your opinion as a doctor,
House : as a mother?
Cuddy : It's my medical opinion.
Cuddy : It's my personal opinion. I don't...
UNK: I don't wanna wait.
Cuddy : It might only be one week. We will keep you on plasma.
Becca : This is not my baby.
UNK: I already sacrificed nine months for this stupid mistake.
UNK: I don't wanna sacrifice any more.
Cuddy : Becca, you asked my opinion because you wanted to do the right thing.
Cuddy : You are giving up this baby because you don't want to make the mistakes
Cuddy : your mom made, her mom made.
Cuddy : You have a chance to break this cycle, to do something great for this baby.
UNK: No.
House : I need you to hold still.
UNK: Wait.
Taub : You been testing any tanning creams or sprays?
UNK: No.
Kutner : It's not a tan. Means it's not leukemia.
Kutner : Chem panel confirms kidney failure, end stage.
House : Got him on dialysis?
Taub : BP's too low.
UNK: Too bad. Would have been nice to have more than an hour to solve this thing.
UNK: Haemachromatosis?
House : He have tiny testes?
UNK: No. Scleroderma.