UNK: Right.
Cuddy : That's all I need to know. You're late! Okay, bye.
Cuddy : 37-year-old male with recurring blackouts.
House : Tell him to switch from tequila to bourbon. Worked for me.
Cuddy : The three doctors he's already seen already ruled out drugs and alcohol.
House : Then it's epilepsy.
House : Tell him to buy a hockey helmet and...
Cuddy : EEG's clean, so is the CT.
House : Relax. Just because you got approved by an adoption agency
House : doesn't mean you'll get approved by the birth mother.
House : You're a single mom.
House : That puts you somewhere below couples acquitted in day care scandals.
Cuddy : You're welcome, Dr. House.
Cuddy : It is an interesting case.
House : What time are you seeing the mom?
Cuddy : Are you having your guy follow me?
House : I just trashed your social value as a mother,
House : and all I got was a little sarcasm.
House : It means you don't feel the need to defend yourself,
House : which means you're not worried about getting a kid,
House : which means you've already got one.
UNK: We're meeting at 11 : 00.
UNK: She's due to deliver a baby girl in two weeks.
UNK: Well, I'm sure the mom will be thrilled to hand her crack baby off to a doctor.
Cuddy : She's not a crack baby.
House : No, mother's perfectly healthy.
House : She just had to give up the baby in order
House : to continue her work on the human genome.
Cuddy : She confessed to some past meth use.
House : What they don't confess to is almost always more interesting.
House : This is a mistake.
Cuddy : Because a kid you don't know may have some problems you don't know about
Cuddy : that she may have passed on to a kid...
House : Because you're a control-seeking narcissist,
House : which is fine, good even, in some jobs,
House : but you're not equipped to handle a real kid, never mind a factory second.
House : Where are you meeting her?
Cuddy : In a little place called, "Follow me,
UNK: "and your urologist will be buying himself a new yacht."
House : They explained the returns policy, right?
House : It's worse than video games.
Cuddy : I'm not changing my mind.
Thirteen : Could be post-concussion syndrome.
House : Not without a pre-concussion.
House : Pick a number.
Thirteen : For what?
House : Cuddy pool. She got the nod.
House : Little tweaker's due in fourteen days.
Kutner : That's great news. I think.
House : It's good news.
House : The great news is she insisted that she's not gonna change her mind,
House : which means she's actually thought about changing her mind,
House : which means she's not sure she's ready to be a mom,
House : which means she's not ready to be a mom,
House : which means she's gonna change her mind.
House : The only question is when.
UNK: $100 buy-in, less than seven means the next seven days.
Foreman : But she's been dying for a kid for three years.
Foreman : No way she's gonna back out now.
House : Not one of the options.
Taub : Mini strokes can cause blackouts and memory loss.
Thirteen : Nine hours is a lot of time to be out for a mini stroke.
Foreman : And there'd be residual damage on the CT.
Thirteen : The guy works at home
Thirteen : as a consumer product tester.
Thirteen : He could've been exposed to a toxin that caused short-term memory loss.
Thirteen : Wouldn't show up on imaging.
UNK: A cavernous sinus thrombosis could cause absence seizures and memory loss.
UNK: I'll take seven to fourteen.
House : We have a player.
Thirteen : You just said it was great news.
Thirteen : Now you want to bet against her?
Kutner : It's only great news if she wants it to be great news.
Kutner : House knows her better than any of us.
Kutner : I'd rather use a pseudonym.
House : Good thinking.
House : I say she's gonna meet the mom and bolt.
House : I'm going for the early fold.
House : Check his home for toxins, and his sinuses for thrombosises.
UNK: Maybe he OD'd on caffeine.
Thirteen : Apparently he didn't drink the coffee, just smelled it.
UNK: Wow.
Taub : Did they just move here?
Thirteen : Six years ago.
Taub : This is no way to raise a kid.
Thirteen : He's a single dad. I'm sure he's doing his best.
Taub : Which is why single people shouldn't have kids.
Thirteen : You got a problem with what Cuddy's doing?
Thirteen : You think single mothers can't...
Taub : I think the traditional family is a fraud.
Taub : Even married moms are single moms.
Taub : Daddy just pays some bills and reads just enough bedtime stories
Taub : to not kill himself out of guilt.
Thirteen : My dad was great.
UNK: After my mom died, he...
Taub : He might be the exception.
Taub : On the other hand, you are fairly screwed up.