Chandler : You look so different.
UNK: Terrific.
Chandler : That dress, that body...
UNK: -Dude! -Sorry.
UNK: Yes, she's thin. It's wonderful.
UNK: But we really want to hear...
UNK: ...about Ross' new girlfriend.
Ross : Her name is Carol.
Ross : She's really pretty and smart.
Ross : She's on the lacrosse team and the golf team.
Ross : Can you believe it?
Ross : She plays for both teams.
UNK: So I guess I'll see you at dinner.
UNK: -Dude! -Sorry.
Phoebe : Oh, my God!
Rachel : That was so awesome.
UNK: You got him back for calling you fat.
UNK: He was drooling all over you.
UNK: -That must have felt so great. -It didn't.
UNK: Yeah, I mean, I look great.
UNK: I feel great, and my heart's not in trouble anymore.
UNK: I just don't feel like I got him back.
Monica : I just want to humiliate him.
UNK: I want him to be naked, and I want to point at him and laugh.
Rachel : That, we may be able to do.
UNK: How?
Rachel : Guys tend to get naked before they're going to have sex.
UNK: What?
Monica : I didn't work this hard and lose weight...
UNK: ...just so I could give my flower to someone like him.
Rachel : First of all, if you keep calling it that, no one will take it.
UNK: And then second of all, you're not going to have sex with him.
UNK: You'll just make him think that you are.
UNK: I'll throw him out in the yard, lock the door...
UNK: ...and all our neighbors will just humiliate him!
Rachel : You'll definitely get him back.
Monica : How do I make him think I want to have sex?
Rachel : Here's what you do.
Rachel : Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Monica : What do you mean?
Rachel : Anything can be sexy.
UNK: Like this dish towel.
UNK: This feels so good against my cheek.
UNK: And if I get a little hot, I can just dab myself with it.
Rachel : Or I can bring it down to my side and run it through my fingers...
Rachel : ...while I talk to him.
Monica : I can do that.
UNK: Good, good, good.
UNK: Get busy. He's coming.
Rachel : Hey, what's up?
UNK: Could you make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year?
Monica : I'd love to.
Monica : I love macaroni and cheese.
Monica : I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
UNK: And I love carrots.
Monica : Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers.
Rachel : Like this.
Monica : And hold them down here while I talk to you.
UNK: And, you know, if I get really hot...
Monica : ...I like to pick up this knife.
UNK: And I put the cool steel...
UNK: ...against...
Monica : ...my body.
Chandler : Are you all right?
Monica : I'm fine.
UNK: Twenty-year-old male.
UNK: He's got a severed toe on his right foot.
UNK: Could you please not do that feet first?