House : No. Neck veins are flat, precordial exam was normal.
Foreman : What if it's lymphoma?
Foreman : Peritoneal carcinomatosis explains the liver failure,
Foreman : paraneoplastic syndrome explains everything else.
House : Lymphoma it is. Prep him for chemo.
House : Fax Taub and Thirteen the latest update on the case.
UNK: Seriously?
House : They have as much right to know as anyone on the team.
Cameron : You either like the diagnosis or you don't.
Cameron : If you don't, we need to keep talking. If you do, you need to shut up.
Cameron : What we don't need is this stupid game.
Chase : You're mad at House, but you're not mad at me.
Cameron : Do you want me to be mad at you?
Chase : You blame House, not me.
UNK: I'm mad at House because he's an ass.
Cameron : And I am mad at you, but I don't want to leave you.
Chase : What I did may be the worst thing I ever did, it may be the best.
Chase : I'm either a murderer or a guy who stopped a mass murderer.
Chase : But I did it. Me.
Chase : And even if it destroys me, I'd do it again today.
Cameron : You don't mean that. This isn't you...
Chase : I'm not running away from what I did because you want to pretend I never did it.
Cameron : If that's how you feel,
UNK: okay.
UNK: My strategy is not completely working.
House : All four of them want to work for me,
House : but all four of them have reasons why they don't want to work for me.
House : How do I get them to take one from column A and none from column B?
UNK: Right.
House : Right, by not saying anything, you're saying that the answer's inside me?
Wilson : The answer has nothing to do with the question.
House : Then it's not technically the answer.
Wilson : Why do you need three of these doctors?
House : Because I know they're good. Other doctors fall into the might-be-good category.
Wilson : It has nothing to do with them being good,
Wilson : you think they're idiots half the time.
Wilson : But they're comfortable. You feel abandoned by Cuddy,
Wilson : so you're reaching out to people you know for comfort.
House : Oh, my God, you're right. I don't need doctors at all.
House : I just need a good friend.
Wilson : Cuddy's right.
Wilson : Maybe, just maybe, if I don't play along, you'll realize
Wilson : you can't solve a deeper problem with a surface solution.
House : Would've been more profound if you hadn't said anything.
Rick : You okay?
Chase : Getting through it.
Foreman : Be a lot easier once you two are away from here.
UNK: Yeah.
Chase : He's peeing blood.
Chase : BP's rising.
UNK: Heart rate is up to 250.
Foreman : He's going into cardiac arrest.
Chase : Charging. Clear.
Foreman : He's bleeding out.
Chase : His body's completely giving out.
Chase : Charging. Clear.
Cameron : We've got him stabilized,
Cameron : but no red cells, no white cells,
Cameron : practically no platelets either.
Chase : Mebendazole can cause adverse effects, but nothing like this.
UNK: He's been off it since yesterday anyway.