Phyllis : Can you get rid of the crow's feet altogether?
Phyllis : Or is it better to leave a trace of them?
Phyllis : I don't look old enough to have them anyway, do I?
UNK: Absolutely.
Phyllis : I do look old enough?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I'm sorry. Hang on a second.
Foreman : Why are you here?
UNK: Because I think we're wrong, which means something's gonna go wrong.
House : Or right.
House : Takayama here.
Taub : It's me and Thirteen, stop the ablation.
UNK: Because...
Thirteen : Those threadworms.
Thirteen : Why would his body have gone to hell just hours after they were gone?
Taub : The worms weren't hurting him, they were helping him.
Taub : He has extra-intestinal Crohn's.
Taub : He got it from being raised in too clean,
Taub : too overprotective of an environment.
Thirteen : It's the hygiene hypothesis,
Thirteen : why there's so much autoimmune disease in the developed world,
Thirteen : and almost none in the developing world.
Taub : The worms were keeping the Crohn's in check,
Taub : teaching his immune system what it should've learned from eating dirt growing up.
Thirteen : Once you killed them, it started killing him.
House : So his life of filth wasn't the problem, the clean living was.
UNK: We'll start him on methylprednisolone.
Taub : And some helminths.
House : Worms. Cool, huh?
House : Best out of three?
UNK: Porn Actress : Have you been a bad boy?
UNK: Yeah, that's...
Chase : I want to be on the team.
House : Good news for your wife.
Taub : Thanks for the sarcasm.
Taub : I reorganized my life to spend more time with her,
Taub : but apparently I don't love her as much as I thought.
House : Or you love her more.
House : This job gives you the thrill you used to find through philandering.
House : Better to cheat with a beaker and an MRI
House : than one of your platinum-blonde plastic surgery patients.
House : I'll let you know.
Chase : I told House I want to work for him again.
Chase : Stay on the team.
Chase : You were always more into it than I was,
Chase : more interested in diagnostics.
Chase : Unless House was right about why you want out.
House : Four for four.
Cameron : I was in love with you.
Cameron : I was an idiot.
Cameron : Tried to be like you, tried to understand you,
Cameron : because I thought I could heal you.
Cameron : You almost killed that patient.
House : If almost not saving his life means...
Cameron : You knew the diagnosis a long time ago.
Cameron : You risked another patient's life to bait your old team.
House : Another one?
Cameron : You did kill Dibala.
Cameron : By playing God and teaching us to do the same.
House : I taught you to think for yourselves.
Cameron : You don't even think of them as people,
Cameron : they're just lab rats for your little puzzles.
House : You celebrate their humanity,
House : I'd rather solve those little puzzles and save their lives.
Cameron : Motives do matter. Lives can't come second.
House : The patient is alive. That's what matters.
Cameron : Not to you.
Cameron : All you care about is that Taub and Thirteen fell for your game.
Cameron : You'll poison them just like you poisoned Chase.
House : Your husband killed a patient and you're breaking up with me?
Cameron : You ruined him,
Cameron : so he can't even see right from wrong,
Cameron : can't even see the sanctity of a human life any more.
Cameron : I loved you, and I loved Chase.
Cameron : I'm sorry for you both,
UNK: for who you've become because
Cameron : there's no way back for either of you.
House : Any idea where I can get a great big "Mission Accomplished" banner?
House : Got my sanity back, my license back, and now...
Wilson : You're kidding. All of them?
House : Three out of four,
House : which is almost as good as four out of five.
Wilson : Who was the... Cameron.
Wilson : Wow. I can't believe it.
Wilson : I mean, really. I can't believe it.
Wilson : You were right, House. Good for you.
House : Yeah. It is.
House : She's broken up with Chase, and she's leaving the hospital. Still,
House : three out of four ain't bad.