Chase : No part of you wants a life of actual commitment?
Hank : Is my relationship perfect? No.
Hank : Am I ever horny when my wife has just had sex for nine hours? Yes.
Hank : But we are committed to each other in every way that matters.
Chase : In other words, you're committed,
Chase : except when you're not committed.
Chase : Doesn't work so well if you have a conscience.
UNK: Conscience? You mean that thing that kicks in
Hank : when there's no logical reason to behave the way people want you to?
UNK: What? You have a fever.
Chase : Means the antibiotics aren't working.
UNK: Mr. Takayama?
UNK: Yes.
House : I'm really happy with what the last guy did with my eyes,
House : but why would broad-spectrum antibiotics fail to work on meningococcemia?
Taub : If you'll excuse me, I've got a real patient. Mr...
Taub : Hitler? Really?
UNK: I had to do something to amuse myself while your receptionist fought with her boyfriend.
Taub : Who's next?
House : A guy who needs two decades' worth of corn chips hoovered out of his neck,
House : or a guy who can't stand daylight and whose blood won't clot.
House : You do the triage.
UNK: Mr. Klingman : Who's the jerk?
Taub : Someone with zero chance of hiring me back.
Taub : I told you. I'm content at home and at work.
House : But you're not content with content.
UNK: It's why you got sucked into those stock scams,
House : why you cheated on the wife you love.
Taub : At bridge.
Taub : My wife and I play a lot of bridge.
UNK: Why you worked on the case the last time I was here.
Taub : I gave you a theory,
Taub : just like I'd help a guy who needs a Heimlich in a restaurant,
Taub : and then I shut the door behind you.
UNK: Yeah. But you'd knock over three other doctors to give it to him.
House : Metaphorically speaking, you're a Heimlich addict.
Taub : And you're an addiction addict.
Taub : Right now, your drug of choice is your old team,
Taub : and like any addict, you're trying to solve some other problem,
Taub : and it's not gonna work. If you'll excuse me, I have a...
House : You have a tight schedule of nose jobs and tummy tucks.
Taub : Yes, I do nose jobs, just like the guy who came here after a car crash,
Taub : couldn't even breathe through his...
Taub : Antibiotics wouldn't work if his sinuses were infected and clogged,
Taub : if there was a pocket of bacteria his blood vessels couldn't reach.
Taub : You surgically drain his sinuses, the drugs will work.
UNK: Nice.
House : Tell me that didn't feel good.
House : See you tomorrow.
Taub : Not coming back.
Foreman : Looks like quite a trip.
Thirteen : It was.
Thirteen : House send you to talk to me?
UNK: No.
Thirteen : Then there's nothing to talk about. I don't want to work for him.
Foreman : You're a great doctor. House is right to want you in the mix.
Thirteen : You saying this because you still have feelings for me
Thirteen : and you want me to come back?
Foreman : I'm saying that shouldn't be an issue.
Thirteen : Do you have feelings for me or not?
Foreman : I don't want our work life to have anything to do with our personal life.
Thirteen : You couldn't keep them separate.
Thirteen : And that's why our personal life doesn't exist.
Foreman : None of that has to...
Thirteen : I can't work with you.
Foreman : Actually, you can.
Foreman : I was the one who had the problem. I don't any more.
House : I owe you an apology.
UNK: I was... I was...
Chase : What were you wrong about?
House : You spent weeks elaborately concealing the fact that you'd crashed daddy's car.
House : Then you just confessed. Seemed idiotic, certain to end in disaster.
House : Instead, you're riding off into the sunset together.
House : Any theories on why?
Chase : I assume you've already dismissed the "she loves me" theory?