Chase : House doesn't make my decisions.
UNK: I'm in the common bile duct.
Foreman : What's that mass? Gallstone?
Chase : Can we magnify times five?
Chase : That's not a gallstone.
Foreman : His liver's completely filled with worms.
Chase : You have strongyloides, also known as threadworms.
Chase : They disseminated all over your body, causing all your symptoms.
Hank : How'd I get a parasite?
Chase : Most likely through sexual activity, but we can't be sure.
UNK: And what's the treatment?
Chase : Two mebendazole pills.
Hank : That's it?
Chase : You'll be fine. Your liver, too. Go back to your lives.
Chase : You know this is the doctors' lounge.
Hank : I know.
Lucas : It seemed like the place to read doctors' notes.
Lucas : You are good at it, by the way.
Chase : Why are you reading my charts?
Lucas : Because I'm worried about my girlfriend.
Chase : Your girlfriend is a male porn star?
Lucas : No, I'm dating Lisa Cuddy.
UNK: Seriously? Cool, huh?
Lucas : And if House doesn't have his team, that'll make her miserable,
Lucas : which will make me miserable.
Lucas : Which brings us to the fact that you have elevated noting to an art form.
Chase : I see the connection.
UNK: Most doctors write "9 : 00 a.m."
UNK: If they scrub in at 9 : 00 or anything near it.
UNK: You write "9 : 03" and you make little notations when procedures are delayed.
Chase : You're easily impressed.
Lucas : Well, yeah. I was.
UNK: Until I saw that you had virtually stopped writing them about four weeks ago.
Chase : Been busy. Got a backlog.
Lucas : Yeah, people with your level of precision don't really just get backlogs.
Lucas : No one knows why you're leaving PPTH.
Chase : Because it's personal.
Lucas : If something happened...
Lucas : I mean, if you're leaving to get away from something that you did, or she did,
Lucas : or both of you did...
Lucas : I mean, emotionally, maybe you want to run away, but in my experience,
Lucas : if you're staring at a pit bull in some guy's back yard,
Lucas : you're better off staying right where you are.
Lucas : Face the problem, that way it can't bite you in the ass.
Thirteen : Thanks for the folksy wisdom.
Lucas : Hey, you got any dirt on any of the other three?
Lucas : It'd really help me out.
Lexa : I thought you said those two pills was all he needed.
Cameron : Lungs are filling with fluid.
Chase : Suction him and get him on oxygen.
Chase : Patient's lungs are severely compromised, liver's still failing.
Cameron : Worms could easily have been a coincidence.
Cameron : Almost be surprising if he didn't have them.
Chase : Which means it could be a hematological problem plus cardiomyopathy.