UNK: We've started him on steroids, IV,
Kutner : and cream to reduce the swelling,
Kutner : but it's having limited effect.
Taub : Negative for thrombosis and Chagas. Could be infection.
Thirteen : Cultures still negative.
Foreman : Could be his immune system's on hyperdrive, cytokine storm.
House : Why would you pay for a three-year gym membership
House : and only go twice?
House : Sorry. You guys still diagnosing?
Susan : I thought we finished hours ago.
House : You remember, when we decided it was the unproven,
House : unapproved cocktail of drugs he's been downing like... Like a cocktail.
Foreman : He just completed a total dialysis.
Foreman : If it was the drugs, he'd be better.
House : Or he'd be worse.
Thirteen : You think swelling is a symptom of withdrawal?
Taub : You think it's a coincidence that three new symptoms cropped up
House : as soon as we took him off the drugs?
Taub : It's possible some of the symptoms...
House : Either the drugs are the answer
House : or the drugs are a coincidence.
House : If it's one, we have to find a better way to detox him.
House : If it's two, we have to know which symptoms are withdrawal related
House : before we can formulate a diagnosis.
House : Which means we have to find a better way to detox him.
Taub : So how do we do it?
House : Hair of the drug that bit him.
Kutner : That's ridiculous.
Kutner : If it is the drugs, they're dangerous, and they've already caused...
House : That's why we're gonna put him back on the drugs,
House : then wean him off again.
House : Just much slower.
Lucas : Why are you looking at him?
Foreman : Try it out.
House : You heard the boss. Go!
UNK: Taub... I didn't talk to her.
Lucas : Why are you...
Man : Excuse me.
Cuddy : Uh, sorry.
Lucas : He does look like me, doesn't he?
Cuddy : You gave him your hat?
Lucas : I needed you out of here so I could go through your desk.
Taub : Of course.
Lucas : Nice blouse. I really like that color on you.
Cuddy : Tell House that if he wants to know what I'm doing,
Cuddy : all he has to do...
UNK: It's not House. It's me. I was... I don't know.
Lucas : I was thinking maybe we could get together for a drink or something.
Lucas : I wasn't sure exactly what you like to do, so I thought...
Cuddy : You'd spy on me? No, no, not spying. More like research.
Lucas : I think it's a good idea to get to know a little bit more
Lucas : about a woman before you ask her out.
Lucas : Show you care about more than just what she looks like.
Cuddy : As romantic as you make that sound,
Cuddy : pretty sure that what you're doing
Cuddy : is not so much caring as creepy.
Lucas : That's not fair.
Cuddy : You were scrounging through my desk.
Lucas : What the hell am I going to find out? You went to Michigan.
Lucas : You like your sandwiches a little light on mayo.
Lucas : You stay in touch with your mother.
Lucas : and you gave money to Amnesty International.
Lucas : There's not one thing I can find out in here
Lucas : that you wouldn't tell a co-worker while riding in an elevator.
Lucas : I'm not a creep. I just thought you seemed interesting.
Lucas : I'll go now.
Lucas : Yeah, these...
Lucas : I'll give you embarrassing info on House.
Cuddy : In exchange for...
Lucas : No. No need for a date.
Lucas : You'd be employing me, so I'd have all the time in the world
Lucas : to ask you all about you and it would fall
Lucas : under the category of socializing,
Lucas : instead of creepy stalking.
Cuddy : And I'd be paying you? I know it's weird.
Lucas : But if you pay me while I check you out, it's all cool.
UNK: And you'd get value. You'd get leverage against him.
Lucas : Help you keep him in line.
Cuddy : You think I need help keeping House in line?
UNK: No.
UNK: Nope. I'm sorry.
Cuddy : This hospital can't afford...
Lucas : Oh, whatever you can afford.
UNK: How did you know I liked roses?
Lucas : I was in your house last night.
Lucas : No, I'm kidding.
Lucas : Who the hell doesn't like roses?