House : Hottie thinks that he's a great artist,
House : selling art to the rich and tasteful.
House : She's stupid enough to be fooled by the canvasses,
House : but bank accounts don't lie. He needed money.
UNK: There are not many jobs you can do that don't require time,
House : training and intelligence.
House : And I know you're not a news anchor or supermodel
UNK: because those jobs seldom cause agnosia. He's a guinea pig.
House : Companies pay him to test their untested drugs.
House : Did Hottie go for a pee or coffee?
UNK: 'Cause either way, I don't think we should waste any time on denials.
Brandon : The clinical trials were supposed to be safe.
Brandon : The drugs are about to be approved by the FDA.
UNK: "Drugs"? How many trials are you on?
UNK: Three.
House : Admirable. Not many idiots have that much ambition.
House : You've been symptom-free since your admission,
House : so whatever you took has probably cleared your system now.
House : You'll be fine.
House : Keep him overnight just to make sure,
House : and get the names of all the trials he's been in.
Brandon : You gonna tell Heather?
UNK: Couldn't, even if I cared enough to want to.
House : Not bad. You almost made it the whole day.
UNK: What did you find out?
House : The point is to see how everyone reacts.
UNK: You may go get the rest of the gang.
Taub : Cut the crap, House.
House : Your wife has a separate bank account
House : in her name only.
House : She's been making weekly cash deposits for about a year now.
House : No withdrawals yet.
Taub : That's it? A bank account?
House : A secret bank account.
Taub : What makes you think it's a secret?
House : Because if it wasn't you would call it "the" bank account.
Taub : Damn, always forget to use the right article when lying.
Taub : It's not secret. We're refurnishing.
Taub : We set the budget, set up an account.
Taub : I just couldn't make it to the bank the day we opened it.
House : You're spending almost $100,000 on furniture?
UNK: Yes.
Heather : - What happened? - I don't know.
Foreman : He was fine, then all of a sudden he started seizing.
Heather : He said you told him he was better.
Heather : What's happening? What's wrong with him?
House : She is hot.
UNK: Obviously, the drugs weren't out of his system.
Kutner : None of these drugs, nor the drugs they're derived from,
Kutner : are known for causing seizures. By themselves, no.
House : But three unproven, untested drugs?
UNK: It's ridiculous that they let people take
Kutner : potentially dangerous drugs for money.
UNK: Just to short circuit that discussion,
House : people should not be testing drugs because they're desperate.
House : But people won't test drugs unless they're desperate.
House : We need drugs to save children and puppies,
House : ergo we need desperate people,
House : ergo welfare kills sick children.
Thirteen : First drug...
House : Why don't we call it Bisexidrene?
House : Clinical trials involve experimental drugs.
House : Means they don't have comforting, catchy names yet,
House : just random, unmemorable trial numbers.
House : Go ahead.
UNK: Bisexidrene is designed as an anticoagulant.
Thirteen : Phase one indicated some risk of nausea, ED and insomnia.
Thirteen : Second drug...
UNK: Cuckoldisol.
Kutner : She is having an affair? Worse.
House : Sex can be dismissed as hormonal or emotional, can be easily regretted.
House : Money is always a calculated decision.
Taub : My wife has her own bank account
Taub : that House doesn't think I know about.
House : Shocking. Discuss.
Foreman : Drug B is an autoimmune treatment, almost no side effects.
Taub : But even if it's doing what it's supposed to be doing,
Taub : it doesn't mix well with anticoagulants or anticonvulsants.
Cuddy : Which is the third drug?
UNK: World's-sorest-knees-isil.
House : Cuddy used to have that title, by the way.
Foreman : There's a million ways these drugs could interact,
Foreman : if they're doing what they're supposed to.
Foreman : If they're not, two million.
House : And it'd be interesting to know which of those interactions
House : was causing the problem.
UNK: Unfortunately, we don't have to.
House : We just have to stop the interacting.
Kutner : If we don't know which... We stop them all.
House : Put him on dialysis, clear out his system.
Taub : Rapid detox risks arrhythmia,
Taub : another seizure, hepatic failure...