House : Difference is we know what those risks are. Put him on dialysis.
UNK: Dialysis. You use that for kidney failure, right?
Foreman : Don't worry, your kidneys are fine.
Taub : He's not worried about his kidneys.
Taub : He's worried about how he's going to explain
Taub : the dialysis to his girlfriend.
Brandon : I just don't want her to worry.
Thirteen : You mean you don't want her to leave you.
Brandon : What's wrong with that? I love her.
Brandon : It's not like I've lied to her about anything important.
Brandon : I am an artist.
Brandon : I've sold plenty of paintings in the past,
UNK: I just hit a bit of a dry spell lately, so...
Thirteen : So tell her that.
Taub : He can't.
Taub : He wants her to be happy, too.
Taub : He's telling her what she wants to hear.
Thirteen : You didn't know.
UNK: No.
Thirteen : What are you gonna do?
Taub : She's not sleeping around, she's not gambling it away,
Taub : she hasn't even spent any of it,
Taub : so I don't see a reason to do anything.
Thirteen : You don't think a conversation...
Foreman : How many people do you know
Taub : in completely happy and fulfilled relationships?
UNK: None. I am.
Taub : Most people cling to some storybook notion of what a relationship is.
Taub : You can't have an imperfect thought.
Taub : You can't have a private zone. You can't...
Thirteen : Steal money and hide it away in a secret account?
Taub : She makes me happy. I make her happy. It works.
Taub : Because we don't do storybook,
Taub : and I don't plan to poke into her business.
Taub : You were right about the dialysis.
Taub : He made it through the night without any more seizures
Taub : or visual symptoms.
UNK: And I'm gonna be just as right
House : after breakfast up in my office.
House : The only difference is I'm gonna be right in front of other people.
House : Which means you're not here to talk about the medicine.
Taub : You can screw with me all you want at work,
Taub : but stay out of my personal life.
House : What did she say?
Taub : Did you just hear what I said?
House : I heard the part about
House : "You can screw with me at work all you want."
UNK: You want my advice? Of course not.
UNK: Good, because I have no idea what you should do.
House : I only know what you're going to do.
Anthony : You're gonna... I said I didn't want your advice.
House : I said this is not advice.
House : You are going to forgive her for opening that account,
UNK: and you're gonna confess everything you've done
House : and then you're gonna beg her to forgive you.
Taub : What purpose could that possibly serve?
House : None, which is why I'm not saying you should, but you will.
Thirteen : Where are you?
UNK: I'm at the track.
House : That's like six miles away. How cool are these things?
Lucas : I feel like an idiot.
Lucas : I'm not giving you any more of my stuff.
UNK: Do you have those night vision goggles?
House : You're lying.
Lucas : You like making him miserable.
Lucas : You like driving people away from you.
House : He deserved to know the truth.
Lucas : There was no truth until you dug it up.
Lucas : It was a truth that mattered to him
Lucas : and a truth that mattered to her,
Lucas : why did it matter to you?
House : First of all, stop saying "a" truth. There is only one truth.
Lucas : That may be true for you.
House : Miserable people save more lives.
House : If your life has meaning, your job doesn't have to have meaning.
House : Screw-ups are more palatable if you have someone's arms to go cry in.
Lucas : That makes sense.
House : Usually, I have more of a fight on that one.
Lucas : So why are you making Taub miserable?
House : I just said...
Lucas : If his marriage falls apart, you think he'll be working harder for you?
Lucas : Or you think he won't be working for you at all?
Foreman : His head and neck are completely swollen.
UNK: I need a Trach kit. His throat's closing.
Foreman : Can't find any landmarks.
Kutner : Just start cutting.
Foreman : An exploratory trach?
Kutner : We don't have a choice.
UNK: I got it. Here.