House : It's worked so far.
UNK: I'm not good at lying.
House : I know.
House : That's why your cover is that you want to do her.
Lucas : I like her. I don't want to do her.
House : Then what's the point of liking her?
Lucas : I meant I don't just want to do her. I like her.
Lucas : What do you think you're gonna find out about her?
House : Something personal, something embarrassing.
House : I spend half my life negotiating with that woman.
House : Anything I can use to scare her into saying yes.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: "Okay"?
House : You're okay with being paid twice to facilitate blackmail?
Lucas : I'm okay. I don't believe you. But I'm okay.
Lucas : You're doing this for the same reason I'm doing this.
Lucas : We'll see who gets there first.
Kutner : Here it is. Circle of Willis, the vessels are narrow.
House : Narrow for you, normal for him.
House : If there were problems with the vessels,
House : he would have had symptoms long ago.
Taub : Not if something else changed.
UNK: Like? - His heart.
Taub : He could have recently gotten an intermittent arrhythmia.
House : I know "heart" and "head" start with the same three letters,
UNK: but you've got to read all the way to the end.
UNK: The experimental drugs cause an arrhythmia
Taub : which causes low blood pressure.
Taub : Combine that with those narrow vessels,
Taub : the brain doesn't get enough blood.
Taub : That causes all of his symptoms.
Taub : If we can trigger the arrhythmia and identify it,
Taub : we might be able to stop it from killing him.
House : Been home? No.
House : Good. Do an EP study. Find the arrhythmia.
Taub : We're gonna insert three electrical catheters into your heart.
Brandon : Tell Dr. Hadley I'm sorry.
Taub : She understands, and you should tell her yourself.
Brandon : Maybe I should tell Heather about it.
Taub : You're gonna be fine.
UNK: She's so supportive, she's so great. All I do is lie to her.
Taub : What happens if you tell her?
Brandon : I don't know.
Taub : You love her, right?
Brandon : More than anything, and she loves me.
Taub : If you open your mouth, one of two things happens,
Taub : she either forgives you or she leaves you.
Taub : At best, you wind up exactly where you are right now.
Taub : It's noble to want to confess. Really, it is.
Taub : But if the result's just damage and pain,
Taub : that's not noble, it's selfish.
Taub : Stimulate right atrium.
UNK: Normal conduction.
Taub : How long you plan on keeping me from going home?
Taub : Until you're convinced I'm a different person,
Taub : one who won't do anything stupid?
House : Guilt fades quickly. By Wednesday, you'll be fine.
Taub : Right ventricle. And why do you want it to fade?
Taub : Why do you suddenly care about my marriage?
House : Because if it ain't broke...
Taub : You obviously think it is broke.
UNK: And you obviously think it ain't.
House : Your marriage is like a broken toaster.
House : Bread keeps popping out, and you keep calling it toast,
House : which is weird because you've put your bread in a lot of toasters,
House : and apparently you don't see any difference. It's kind of fascinating.
Taub : He's going into V Tach.
Brandon : What's wrong?
Thirteen : Good news, test is working.
House : Your heart's freaking out, but it's cool that you're still conscious.
Thirteen : Try to overdrive.
Taub : Didn't work.
Kutner : This might burn a little bit. Charging to 60. Clear.
UNK: Ow!
Kutner : Going again. Charging to 120.
House : Have you been dyeing your hair?
UNK: No. House. Clear.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Your hair's growing in red.
Taub : His heart rate is stabilized.
House : Does your theory include any genetic mutations
House : that could cause his hair to change color?
UNK: Then either he's lying about dyeing
House : or just dying.