UNK: I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
UNK: I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in.
UNK: Man, some stranger's gonna be in my room.
UNK: For 15 years they kept it as a shrine to you.
UNK: It's time the velvet ropes came down.
UNK: They kept your room a while.
Monica : Please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out.
Monica : I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogs?
Monica : Not a gym.
Ross : - Come on. You know they love you. - As much as they love you?
Ross : They thought she was barren until I was born. It's not my fault.
Phoebe : I hate this year.
UNK: What's wrong with this year?
UNK: It's February and I've only given two massages...
UNK: ...and they were both horrible tippers.
Monica : That was me and Ross.
UNK: Oh, that's right.
UNK: If you want some extra cash...
UNK: ...some college friends made good money doing telemarketing.
UNK: That's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
UNK: It'd be better than the last telephone job I had.
UNK: I probably won't have to say "spank" as much.
UNK: What?
Phoebe : Oh, yeah, like you never called.
Supervisor : This is very easy. You read from the script...
Supervisor : ...and try to sell as much toner as you can.
Phoebe : Okay, I can do that.
Phoebe : By the way, I love my office.
UNK: - Why don't we do a trial run? - Oh, okay.
Rachel : All right.
Phoebe : Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies.
Phoebe : - Can I speak to your supply manager? - I'm the supply manager.
Phoebe : I'd like to talk about your toner needs.
UNK: We don't need any.
UNK: Okay, sorry to bother you. Bye-bye.
UNK: Yeah, you're right. This is easy.
Supervisor : Okay. What was wrong with that call?
Phoebe : Oh, well, all right.
Phoebe : No offense, but you were kind of rude.
UNK: They always say they don't need toner. That's okay.
Supervisor : Whatever they say, you can find the answer to it, here in the script.
UNK: So I think you're ready to sell toner.
Supervisor : - Do you have any last questions? - No.
UNK: Wait, yes, I do have one question :
Phoebe : What is toner?
UNK: Joey?
UNK: Joe?
Chandler : Full bag?
UNK: Beer's still cold.
Chandler : Something terrible must have happened here.
UNK: Oh, no, no, no!
Chandler : Stevie, I was never here.