Chandler : ...the big black boots and the patent leather belt...
UNK: ...sneaking around downstairs. He didn't want us to see him...
UNK: ...but he'd be drunk, so he'd crash into something and wake everybody up.
Rachel : That doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Chandler : Who said anything about Christmas?
Ross : Anyone hear from Phoebe yet?
UNK: No, nothing.
UNK: I hope she's okay.
Joey : I know exactly what she's going through.
UNK: How do you know that?
Joey : She told us.
UNK: What do you got there, Monica?
Monica : Stuff for the party.
UNK: Aren't you guys supposed to be shopping?
UNK: You didn't buy presents yet?
Monica : Tomorrow's Christmas Eve! What are you gonna do?
Chandler : Don't you have to be Claymation to say that?
Rachel : I don't think the mailman liked your cookies.
Rachel : The ornaments your mom sent.
Monica : Maybe the mailman liked the cookies. We just didn't give him enough.
UNK: Monica, pigeons learn faster than you.
Ross : Hey, Rach.
Ross : I think I know what will make you feel better.
UNK: How about you make a list about me?
Rachel : Forget it. I'm not gonna stand here...
Rachel : ...and make a list
UNK: Okay, you're whiny...
Rachel : ...you are obsessive, you are insecure...
Rachel : ...you're gutless.
UNK: You don't ever just "seize the day."
UNK: You liked me for a year and you didn't do anything about it.
UNK: And you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Ross : See, there...
UNK: All right, you did what I said.
Rachel : And you know what? You're right. I do feel better.
Rachel : Thank you, Ross.
UNK: Yeah, in Albany. Could I have the number of Frank Buffay?
UNK: Okay. In Ithaca?
UNK: All right, Saratoga?
UNK: Oneonta?
Phoebe : You know what? You shouldn't call yourself Information!
Phoebe : Hello, Grandma. If that is, in fact, your real name.
UNK: Come on now, Pooh. Don't still be mad at me.
Grandmother : - How's it going? - Not so good.
Phoebe : Upstate's pretty big. He's pretty small. You do the math.
Grandmother : Well, I think you're better off without him.