Slaughter : Yeah, but I was wrong about Victor.
Slaughter : He was a crappy role model.
UNK: And you're a crappy singer.
Slaughter : Hey, you nail Lacey and his crew?
UNK: Yeah, they'll be doing some serious time
Ryan : for kidnapping and attempted murder.
Slaughter : Whoa. why aren't they getting charged with actual murder?
Castle : Because none of them killed Victor.
Esposito : They were at a restaurant in SoHo at the time ofVictor's homicide.
Slaughter : So we're right back to square one?
Castle : Not necessarily.
Castle : Louis, is there anything you can remember about Victor's death?
Louis : Nothing. I swear.
Ryan : But you and Victor, you did use your device
Ryan : to break into Booth Tower and steal that microchip, right?
Louis : Victor came to me with the idea.
UNK: AII right, he was sick of living paycheck to paycheck.
Louis : Promised to split the profit
Louis : that we got from selling the chip to Booth's competitor.
UNK: And I could take care of my mom for once.
UNK: But when he didn't show up for the chip, I didn't know what to do.
Castle : Wait, you have the chip?
UNK: Now, was that part of the plan?
UNK: No. And when we were leaving the tower,
Louis : Victor started getting all weird.
Esposito : Why? what happened?
Alexis : I don't know. But he deviated from our plan.
Louis : He told me to hang on to the chip, and that he would catch up later.
UNK: He said he had to take care of some business.
UNK: That was probably part of the bigger score.
Louis : What bigger score?
Slaughter : Hate to tell you, kid,
UNK: that break-in was neverjust about stealing that microchip.
Slaughter : It was an advertisement to all the heist crews in town.
Castle : For your invention.
Castle : Victor was using you.
UNK: Mr. Booth : Hey, I need to speak to somebody in charge.
Ryan : Mr. Booth, I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
Booth : Oh. So that's the punk who broke into my building
UNK: and turned me into a late-night punch line, huh?
Esposito : We recovered your microchip.
Booth : Who cares? word in private.
UNK: Yes.
Booth : Gentlemen, as you know, I am a generous supporter of the NYPD.
Booth : Be it the Policeman's Ball, or the widows and Orphans' Fund...