UNK: How you holding up, kiddo?
UNK: Oh. This separation thing is getting really old.
Martha : I know,
Martha : but Katherine is at a crossroads.
Martha : The loss she suffered when she was young
Martha : has just changed her in ways that she's just now beginning to realize.
Martha : Can your mother give you a little unsolicited advice?
Martha : - No. - Too bad.
Martha : I need to work on my material.
Martha : - Material? - Didn't I tell you?
Martha : I'm writing a book.
Martha : Unsolicited Advice by Martha Rodgers.
UNK: That's...
Castle : That's actually a great idea.
Martha : I know, isn't it?
Martha : Oh, and your agent loved it, too.
Castle : - My agent? - Never you mind that.
Martha : Just listen.
Martha : Have faith.
Martha : Things between you and Katherine
Martha : have a tendency to just work themselves out.
Martha : I think it's probably good that she's out oftown for a couple of days
Martha : because a little time apart is just what you need.
Castle : What I need is a distraction.
Newscaster : The burglary at what has been labeled "New York's most secure building"
Newscaster : is clearly a black eye for billionaire developer Ronald Booth,
UNK: who is keeping quiet aboutexactly what was stolen,
UNK: buthad this to sayearlier...
UNK: Alexis Castle : Hi. welcome to Richard Castle Investigations.
UNK: Wow.
Slaughter : You grew up nice.
Alexis : I'm sorry. Do I know you?
Slaughter : Old friend of your dad's.
Slaughter : Ethan Slaughter.
Alexis : Of course.
Alexis : Yeah, let me just tell him you're here.
UNK: DEFCON One. Slaughter is here.
UNK: Here?
Castle : - Like right behind the door, here? - Yeah.
Castle : What does he want?
Alexis : I don't know. He just said he was an old friend.
Castle : That can't be good.
UNK: Is that the old friend who almost got you killed a few years ago?
Castle : Yeah. Like six times. Okay.
UNK: Detective Ethan Slaughter : I... Uh...
Castle : I can handle this. I'll just...
Castle : I'll just tell him...
Castle : I'll just tell him I'm not interested
UNK: in whatever he... whatever it is.
Slaughter : Hey, Sherlock. Long time no see.
Castle : Hey, Slaughter!
UNK: Buddy. How you been?
Slaughter : Not enough shootouts, but otherwise, stellar.
Castle : Yeah! You're not going to find many shootouts around here.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : So, good seeing you, you should come back again sometime.
Slaughter : Not so fast. We've got some business to discuss.
Martha : What kind of business?
Slaughter : Ma'am, I don't believe we've had the pleasure.
UNK: Don't "ma'am" me, darling, I'm Martha Rodgers.
Martha : Richard Castle is my son.
Martha : And the last time you two did business together,
Martha : he was on anti-anxiety medication for a month.
Castle : She's kidding. Kidder.
UNK: It was just a few weeks.
Slaughter : You got a real mama lion here, Sherlock.
Slaughter : But no reason to worry.
Slaughter : What I'm here about won't put you in a lick of danger, I promise.
Alexis : Hmm. And what's that?
Slaughter : A case I'm working on I need help with,
UNK: a high-end burglary in this big, shiny building in Midtown.
Alexis : The most secure building in New York?
Alexis : I just watched a news report about it.
Slaughter : Yeah. Seems somebody was able to bypass the alarm system