Dawn : I can't believe it. I just talked to him yesterday.
Castle : What did you talk to him about?
Dawn : Getting back together.
Dawn : We broke up a few months ago. I got sick of him not keeping his word.
Dawn : But he said it was going to be different this time.
Dawn : Told me he was about to come into some big money.
Dawn : We were talking about taking off together.
UNK: California.
Dawn : I always wanted to live on the beach.
UNK: Did he say where this "big money" was coming from?
UNK: No.
UNK: Would you excuse us for a second?
UNK: Do you think Victor might've been involved in stealing that microchip?
Slaughter : No way. He was a straight arrow.
Castle : I know you liked the guy,
Castle : but he was working a minimum wage job,
Castle : while all his criminal buddies were pulling in big cash.
Castle : Is it so impossible to believe that he might've given in to temptation?
Slaughter : Yeah, it's possible.
Slaughter : I just hate the idea he was playing me.
Castle : Did Victor say who he was meeting with last night?
Dawn : Some guy named Trucco.
Ryan : So I looked into Slaughter's burglary case.
UNK: The burglars made offwith a microchip for a next-gen cell phone.
Ryan : Prototype is worth north of a million bucks on the black market.
UNK: Vikram's looking into the database
Ryan : of known fences
Ryan : to find out who deals in that kind of loot.
Esposito : Yo. CSU managed to find a print on the murder weapon.
Esposito : It was hidden under the hilt of the knife.
Ryan : They get a match in the system?
Esposito : Yeah, they're sending it now.
Esposito : Here it is.
UNK: What?
Slaughter : Yeah. Got it.
Slaughter : Found Trucco, turns out he's a fence, specializing in high-tech.
UNK: What say we go shake his tree?
Castle : Sounds good.
UNK: Castle.
Ryan : Where are you?
Castle : At the office.
Ryan : - Is Slaughter with you? - Yeah.
Ryan : Listen, Castle,
Ryan : his prints were on the murder weapon.
UNK: Slaughterkilled VictorLee.
Slaughter : Everything okay, Sherlock?
UNK: - Who you talking to? - Oh, just my mommy...
UNK: Mother. Just my mother.
Castle : I'm sorry, Mother, what were you saying?
Ryan : We're headed to you right now.
Castle : You're going to the club? How long till you get there?
Ryan : We're five minutes away.
Esposito : So just play it cool.
Ryan : Yeah, don't let on that you're talking to us.
Castle : Yeah. No problem.
Slaughter : That ain't your mom.
Slaughter : It's Elvez and Lucky Charms, isn't it?
Castle : - There's a slight problem. - Give me that phone.
Slaughter : What are you, Inspector Gadget? This is a gun, not a pen.
Slaughter : You don't keep it in your desk, you strap it to your side.
Slaughter : Or in your case, keep it in your purse.
Castle : Please, don't kill me.
UNK: I'm not gonna kill you.
Castle : Is that what you told Victor before you buried a knife in his neck?
Slaughter : That wasn't me.
Castle : Then why were your fingerprints all over the murder weapon?
UNK: I gave Victor that knife as a thank-you.
UNK: A thank-you...
UNK: Flowers are a nice thank-you gift.
Castle : A giant Rambo knife, that's psychotic.
Slaughter : Different strokes. But it's the truth.
UNK: Just turn yourself in to the boys. They'll treat you fairly.
Slaughter : It ain't that simple.
Slaughter : I may have hit Victor a few times yesterday morning
Slaughter : when he wouldn't Iook into that burglary for me.
Slaughter : But I didn't kill him.
Castle : Says the man holding a gun on me.
Slaughter : Here, take it. Take it!
Slaughter : I didn't tell you any of this before because I know how it looks.
Slaughter : You didn't doubt for a second that I killed Victor.
Slaughter : Neither will anyone else.
Slaughter : So the only way to clear my name is to find the real killer.
UNK: So...
Castle : why come to me?
UNK: 'Cause I got a lot of enemies.