West : You know, Detective, you should consider becoming a mentor.
Slaughter : Yeah, I'm not role model material.
Castle : He's really not.
West : You never know. I wasn't always a counselor.
West : I used to chase money around wall Street for 15 hours a day,
West : but this here, this is definitely more fulfilling.
Castle : Yes, I imagine so.
UNK: Now, ifVictor were to use Louis' genius to help commit a crime,
UNK: that would have been quite a betrayal oftrust, wouldn't it?
Slaughter : Enough to make him snap and kill his mentor?
West : Well, Victor was the first person that Louis ever trusted,
West : besides his mom.
West : So finding out he'd been betrayed would have been pretty devastating.
Slaughter : Any idea where Louis might be hiding?
UNK: MR. wEST : I don't know. Sorry.
UNK: Oh. Uh, thank you very much for your time, Mr. west.
UNK: We got to go.
Martha : - Now. - Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Castle : Mr. west,
Ryan : I'm Detective Ryan and this is Detective Esposito, NYPD.
Ryan : We just have a few questions about a kid that Victor Lee was mentoring,
Hayley : named Louis Prince?
UNK: It's possible that he might have some information
Esposito : that can help us solve a crime.
West : That's funny. You guys just missed the two other cops that were here.
West : They were asking about Louis, too.
Castle : Yes. Got it.
Castle : Hayley managed to track Louis down using the IP address on his computer.
Castle : I have an address.
Castle : Thank you very much for doing this, Hayley.
Castle : I have another call. Thanks.
Slaughter : - This is Castle. - You lied to us?
Castle : Oh, well, when you put it that way...
UNK: Castle, no... This is notfunny.
Ryan : What are you doing running around with our murder suspect?
Castle : Hey, Slaughter didn't kill anyone.
UNK: AII right? I promise you.
Castle : He wants to find Victor's killerjust as much as we do.
Ryan : Really? Did he tell you why he's not working gangs anymore?
Castle : Yes. He said he got bored.
Ryan : No. He got demoted,
Ryan : he's under investigation for robbing a drug dealer.
Castle : You robbed a drug dealer?
Slaughter : Hell, no! That's a BS charge.
Ryan : Slaughter's about to lose his pension, Castle.
UNK: We figured that he teamed up with Victor to steal that chip
Ryan : and then he got greedy.
UNK: Give me that. Hey, Detective, get your head out of our butt.
UNK: Yeah, sure, I might've tuned Victor up a little bit,
Slaughter : but I didn't kill him.
Slaughter : You're wasting your time chasing after me,
Slaughter : you should be after the kid.
UNK: Hello?
Castle : You know you can just take the SIM card out, right?
Castle : I lose more phones in this line of work.
UNK: If I wanted to just walk away, you'd let me, right?
Slaughter : Having second thoughts?
Castle : I think that's reasonable, given your history.
Slaughter : You mean given our history.
Slaughter : Hey! Hey! Freeze!
Slaughter : Stay with the kid, Sherlock.
UNK: Whoa. Relax, relax. We're not here to hurt you.
Louis : Please... Please, stay away from me.
Slaughter : Come here.
Slaughter : You're okay. Come on.
Castle : We're just trying to figure out what happened to Victor.
Louis : I didn't kill him. I swear.
Castle : Hey, hey.
UNK: No one's saying you did, okay?
UNK: Really?
Slaughter : Not your proudest moment, huh?
Castle : I don't think he did it.
Slaughter : Sure he did.
Castle : You didn't see his face.
Castle : He was scared and young.
UNK: That's not the face of a killer.
Slaughter : We're all killers, Castle,
UNK: when push comes to shove. Come on!
Slaughter : Do I still have to play nice?
Martha : - No. - Good.
UNK: Now, you're gonna tell me what you're doing here
UNK: or I'm gonna pull your dipstick up to your chin like a zipper.
Eddie : Okay, I came for the kid.
UNK: Why?
Eddie : 'Cause he's the key.
Slaughter : - I'm going to start zipping. - No, wait.
UNK: Look, I work for a crew that specializes in high-end B&E's.
Eddie : Run by a guy named David Lacey.
Slaughter : I know Lacey. He gives sociopaths a bad name.
Castle : So you guys helped Victor steal the microchip?
UNK: No.
Slaughter : See, now he's insulting our intelligence.
Slaughter : Go get the shower curtain. This is gonna get a little messy.
UNK: No, it's true.
Eddie : Victor and the kid pulled off the microchip job alone.
Eddie : To send a message.
Castle : What kind of message?
Eddie : Victor was going around town
Eddie : boasting that he had the key to any lock.
Castle : Meaning Louis.
Eddie : The kid invented a device that could disarm any alarm system,
Eddie : no matter how complex.
Eddie : So breaking into the Booth Tower
Eddie : put the town on notice that Victor's services
Eddie : were available to the highest bidder.
Castle : So Victor was using Louis.
UNK: Only your boss, Lacey, wasn't interested in paying Victor's price.
Castle : So Victor ends up dead, you come here, pick up the kid free of charge.
UNK: Slaughter!
Ryan : Put your hands up right now!
Esposito : Do it! Now!
Slaughter : Easy with that. It's a little more weapon
Slaughter : - than you're used to. - Yeah.
Esposito : You have the right to remain silent.
Slaughter : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Heard it all before.
UNK: We're gonna need another unit to transport a second suspect. Thank you.
Castle : Espo. Espo, he didn't kill Victor.
Castle : And if my instincts are right, neither did Louis.
Castle : Which means there is a 16-year-old kid out there,
Castle : alone, with a very dangerous crew after him.
UNK: We're gonna need all hands on deck to find him.
UNK: It's not gonna happen, Castle. Slaughter's going in.
Esposito : And you're lucky I don't arrest you, too,
Esposito : for aiding and abetting.
Castle : - Espo, please. - No, Castle.
UNK: I'm not changing my mind on this. Ryan.
UNK: Ryan, where are we with that lead unit?
Slaughter : - What the hell? - I'm sorry.
Castle : I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that.
UNK: Whatjust happened?
Esposito : Castle just stole our murder suspect
Esposito : and our car.
Esposito : - What are you laughing at? - What are you laughing at?
Ryan : Javi, I think they know.
Esposito : They don't know.
UNK: The patrol unit totally bought our story about our car breaking down.
Esposito : Yo! Take him to holding.
Castle : - Thanks. - Hey. Come here.
Ryan : What happens when we don't get the car back
Ryan : to the motor pool at the end of our shift?
Ryan : I think we should call Beckett.
Esposito : And tell her what?
UNK: That her husband staged a jail break right under our noses?
Ryan : Well, technically, your nose.
Ryan : But that's not the point.
Ryan : We just need to find Castle and Slaughter.
Slaughter : We'll be safe here until we figure out our next move.
Castle : This can't be your place.