West : You know what?
Ryan : Well, for starters, you didn't always work with at-risk youth.
UNK: No. I mean, I've had otherjobs. So?
Esposito : So, you were Mr. Booth's accountant,
Esposito : where you worked on his most sensitive matters.
Ryan : Like setting up tax shelters in offshore banks.
West : Well, yeah. But the work was unfulfilling, so I left
West : because I wanted to give back to the community...
Ryan : No, you wanted to give back to Mr. Booth's wife.
Ryan : But she didn't appreciate your sexual advances,
Ryan : so Mr. Booth fired your ass.
UNK: Yeah, you lost yourjob, you lost your pension,
Esposito : all those stock options.
UNK: AII right, listen, I know how this looks...
Esposito : Your reputation was ruined.
UNK: The onlyjob you could get was working with juvenile delinquents.
Slaughter : Not exactly the cushy life you were used to.
Esposito : So you heard about Louis' invention,
Esposito : and you saw not only a way to get back on top...
Ryan : But also get revenge on your former boss, who ruined your life.
Ryan : That's why you convinced Victor to pull that heist, didn't you?
UNK: So that you could go in right behind him
Esposito : and steal those Cayman Island bank codes.
West : Well, that is an imaginative story.
UNK: You got a surprise twist, revenge,
West : all that's missing is the proof.
Esposito : Like records of the bank transfers on your home computer?
Esposito : We got a warrant for your place, Mark.
Ryan : We also have a credit card receipt for a cab ride
Ryan : that you took to Victor's apartment on the night he was murdered.
Ryan : It's over, Mr. west.
West : Look, Victor wasn't supposed to know what I was doing.
UNK: AII right. But somehow he found out. And he confronted me at his apartment.
West : Now, I panicked. Okay? I...
West : I didn't mean to kill him.
UNK: I... You have to believe me. That was not...
Slaughter : Ah, come on, it ain't that bad, kid.
Slaughter : - We caught the bastard, didn't we? - Yeah.
Louis : But I'm still going to prison.
Louis : How much time am I looking at?
Slaughter : Maybe none.