Booth : they were kept in an electronic safe in my office
Booth : two floors up from the clean room where he stole the microchip.
Booth : I mean, the kid's a genius.
UNK: He's got a device that can open any lock, right?
Louis : I don't know anything about a Cayman account!
Louis : And I sure as hell didn't steal $50 million.
Esposito : Louis, come on, man, be straight with us.
UNK: Yeah, kid, ifyou took that money, first of all, impressive.
Slaughter : But more importantly, you got to fess up.
Louis : Look, it wasn't me!
Castle : Guys, I think he's telling the truth.
Castle : If Louis stole the money,
Castle : why would he go to Slaughter for help in the first place?
Castle : Why would we find him hiding in a warehouse?
Slaughter : Look, Sherlock's got a point here, kid's a genius.
UNK: With $50 million,
Slaughter : he'd drop off the face of the Earth before we could even blink.
Ryan : Okay, Louis, is it possible that Victor stole the codes from that safe?
Louis : No. No way.
Louis : He was with me every second we were inside that building.
Ryan : So, what are we saying here, someone else broke into that building, too?
UNK: Wait.
Castle : You said that when you and Victor left the building, he started acting strange,
Castle : broke from the original plan
Castle : - by giving you the microchip. - Yeah.
Castle : Well, maybe he did that because he saw something.
Esposito : Like what?
Castle : Something that made him think
Castle : that someone else was piggybacking on the burglary
Castle : to pull a heist of their own.
Castle : Who else knew about your plan?
Castle : No one.
Louis : At least not from me.
Slaughter : But maybe from Victor.
Louis : Hey, wait a minute.
Louis : When we accessed the building's service elevators in the basement,
Louis : Victor wedged the door open, but when we left, it was closed.
Louis : I assumed it was a draft.
UNK: It could've been a second thief.
UNK: Hot damn, that's got to be what spooked Victor.
Esposito : Maybe when Victor said that he had to take care of something first,
Esposito : it was to confront this piggyback thief.
Ryan : Which means whoever our second burglar was
Ryan : not only knew about the plan to rob Booth,
UNK: but also had knowledge ofwhere Booth kept those codes for his secret account.
Castle : We find that person, we find our killer.
Castle : We're missing something, gentlemen.
Castle : More specifically, we're missing someone.
Castle : A person who knew Victor and Louis were planning their heist,
Castle : and had intimate knowledge of Booth's finances.
Castle : We'll find our killer in the intersection of that Venn diagram.
UNK: Only question is, who could that be?