UNK: and steal themselves some sort of top-secret microchip.
UNK: The whole thing's a little above my intellectual pay grade,
Slaughter : so I thought Sherlock here could help me out.
UNK: I thought you were gang task force.
Slaughter : Oh, yeah, I got tired of that.
Slaughter : I moved on to a whole new class of dirtbags.
Castle : I'm flattered you thought of me, but I'm just...
UNK: I have... My schedule is so full...
Alexis : - Yeah, we're swamped. - Completely swamped.
UNK: Completely.
UNK: Okay.
Slaughter : You don't have to tell me twice. I got it.
Slaughter : Great to see you again, Sherlock.
UNK: I had some stories I was gonna tell you to help you with your next book.
Slaughter : Like this time I was chasing this cartel hit team
Slaughter : through the sewers for three days.
UNK: But that's just gonna have to be for another time.
UNK: Ciao!
Slaughter : Cartel hit team.
Martha : Be strong, Richard.
Castle : In the sewers.
UNK: - Oh! Ah! - Slaughter! wait!
Castle : - I'm in. - Outstanding.
Castle : What's our first move?
Slaughter : Lower East Side, a guy I know named Victor Lee.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Victim's name is Victor Lee.
UNK: 30-year-old male. Died of exsanguination
UNK: Lanie Parish : from that giant knife in his neck.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Killed between 10 : 00 and 2 : 00 last night.
UNK: AII right, let's find out who Victor was talking to.
Esposito : What about that bruising on his face?
Lanie : That's older. Looks like someone worked Mr. Lee over
UNK: within the last 24 hours.
Esposito : Any hope of getting a print off that murder weapon?
UNK: Doubtful. Looks like it's been wiped clean.
Ryan : Hey, Espo.
Ryan : Guess who the last person our victim called was?
UNK: Do you know how hard it is for me to not say "your mama" right now?
UNK: Slaughter?
Slaughter : Hey. what the hell happened to my guy?
Esposito : Castle. Slaughter.
Esposito : This is not a pairing I would've expected.
Castle : - I know, right? - Huh?
UNK: I mean, together again. Yay!
Slaughter : - You got any leads? - Yeah.
Ryan : We got our victim calling you last night. Care to share what you talked about?
Slaughter : Victor was my CI.
Slaughter : Best damn snitch I ever had!
Slaughter : 'Cause he wasn't a criminal. He managed some burgerjoint.
Slaughter : But he grew up with a rogue's gallery of lowlifes.
Slaughter : Just too stupid not to keep bragging to him
UNK: about all the crimes they were committing.
Esposito : So what was he calling you about?
UNK: Uh, he was doing some digging on this burglary I'm investigating.
UNK: Well, it looks like that digging might have got him killed.
UNK: Are you saying this is my fault?
Castle : Was Victor talking to anyone else besides you?
Slaughter : No. He said he was gonna go meet someone.
Slaughter : He didn't give me the name.
UNK: AII right. Then our first step is to identify that guy.
Ryan : No, that's our job. This is a homicide investigation.
Slaughter : Tough! It was my case first.
Slaughter : Victor was my guy,
UNK: so we're gonna find the rodent that killed him, together.
Slaughter : Come on, Sherlock.
UNK: AII right. But, Slaughter,
UNK: you're gonna keep us in the loop on every move you make.
Alexis : Of course.
Slaughter : I'm a team player.
Slaughter : I totally lied to those guys.
Slaughter : I already got a line on who Victor might've met with last night.
Castle : Don't you think that's information
Castle : we should share with Ryan and Esposito?
Slaughter : Nah. Isn't this fun? You and me, together again.
Slaughter : Like Butch and Sundance.
Castle : You know they die at the end of the movie, right?
UNK: Yeah. what a way to go!