Slaughter : Why not?
UNK: Two reasons. One, we're both fugitives,
UNK: hiding in either of our apartments would be a terrible idea.
UNK: Iess Architectural Digest, more Guns & Ammo.
UNK: It's my ex-wife's. She's, uh, out oft own.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I had no idea you were married.
Castle : - What's her name? - Maddie.
Castle : And I take it Maddie's a fan of the opera?
UNK: She's a mezzo-soprano with the New York City Opera.
Castle : I'm sorry, Maddie? As in Madeleine Corday?
Castle : I've seen her perform.
Castle : She's an absolute revelation.
Castle : I just can't picture her
Slaughter : with you.
Castle : How would you even meet her?
UNK: College.
Slaughter : We had the same major...
Castle : You majored in opera singing?
UNK: No.
Slaughter : Musical theater.
UNK: Swat Member 1 : - You? - Yeah.
UNK: And ifyou tell anyone,
UNK: I'm gonna force-feed you your spleen, through your nose.
Castle : Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm trying to be scared.
Castle : I just keep picturing you doing jazz hands.
Esposito : Where's Castle?
Alexis : I have no idea.
Esposito : Don't lie to us. we're not in the mood.
Ryan : Yeah. we had to Uber here.
Hayley : What? where's your car?
UNK: That's not important.
Esposito : What is important is that we need to find him now.
Hayley : Well, we haven't seen him for hours. What's going on?
Ryan : Castle stole our car after we arrested Slaughter.
UNK: I'm sorry. That's really not funny.
Hayley : It really is, though.
Esposito : Okay, knock it off.
Alexis : But, wait, wait, why did you arrest Slaughter?
Alexis : According to Dad, he didn't kill Victor Lee.
Ryan : - That's not the point. - It's kind of the point.
Esposito : Look, we had reason to believe that Slaughter killed Victor.
UNK: But now we're not so sure.
UNK: Well, I can tell you this,
UNK: that genius kid, Louis, definitely didn't kill him either.
Ryan : - How do you know that? - While I was tracking
UNK: his IP address with Castle,
Hayley : I noticed that during the time of the murder,
Hayley : Louis was at a coffee shop in Brooklyn.
Alexis : And a barista remembers seeing him.
Esposito : Which makes David Lacey our prime suspect.
Hayley : Who's this Lacey guy?
Esposito : He runs a heist crew with a trail of bodies.
UNK: We got one of his soldiers in holding, but he's not talking.
Alexis : Wait, is my dad in danger?
Ryan : We really need to find him.
UNK: Fast.
Slaughter : Yum, yum, yum.
UNK: Oh.
Slaughter : Try that.
UNK: Ah...
Slaughter : who are you?
Slaughter : I do some of my best thinking when I'm cooking.
Slaughter : It's what got me through my divorce.
UNK: What happened with you and Maddie?
Slaughter : Her career took off, mine failed to launch.
Slaughter : I got jealous.
UNK: It went downhill from there.
Slaughter : What really happened with you and your wife?