Robin : But you guys just don't understand.
Robin : The fact that he kept the band going... that's impressive.
Robin : I mean, I gave up my musical dream.
Barney : Which brings us to the most important piece
Barney : Of information from tonight.
Robin : So, simon,
Barney : How did you guys meet?
Simon : Oh, I was in her video.
Robin : Starred in it is more like it.
Simon : Well, once you win mr. Teen winnipeg,
Simon : Everybody wants a piece of the moneymaker.
Barney : I'm sorry. I've seen "let's go to the mall"
Barney : About a thousand times, and you, sir, are not in it.
Simon : I was in the other one.
Barney : There's another video?!
Barney : Robin, seriously,
Barney : Just make this easier on yourself
Barney : And give us the tape.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No.
Simon : All right.
Barney : You leave me no choice.
Barney : From this moment on,
Barney : I will spend every waking minute searching down this tape.
Barney : I will not sleep. I will not eat.
Barney : My life will be a living hell of search engines
Barney : And overseas phone calls,
Barney : Chasing down something that possibly can't be found.
Ted : Okay.
Marshall : It's just...
Marshall : It was so hard to watch, robin.
Marshall : You're usually so cool.
Ted : I don't know what's wrong with me.
Robin : I'm sitting next to simon, and suddenly I'm 16 again.
Ted : Oh, it's actually a common thing.
Ted : When you're around someone from your past,
Ted : You kind of revert back
Ted : To who you were when you knew them.
Ted : There's not really a name for it, though.
Marshall : It's called "revertigo."
Ted : Yeah, I don't know about "revertigo."
Marshall : You know who gets really bad revertigo?
UNK: Lily when she's around
Marshall : Her high school friend, michelle.
Barney : Michelle? She sounds hot.
UNK: Wait, wait. You don't know about lily and michelle?
Barney : No. What about lily and michelle?
Marshall : Oh, my friend, you are in for a treat.
UNK: Hey, lil? Lily : What?
Marshall : You know, I was just thinking,
Marshall : We haven't seen your friend michelle in a while.
Lily : Oh, yeah. I'll give her a call, see if she wants to hang out.
Ted : Yeah.
UNK: What... do they make out?
Marshall : Better.
UNK: Comparable. Comparable.
UNK: Ugh, whatever. It's over. I lost.
Robin : I guess you, uh,
UNK: You don't get a second chance.
Robin : I got a second chance.
Lily : What happened?
Robin : He came by my place tonight...
Robin : Simon. What are you doing here?
Simon : I just feel like there's some unfinished business
Simon : Between you and me.
Simon : Seeing you now...
Simon : Has made me realize that breaking up with you
Simon : Is the biggest mistake I made in my entire life.
Robin : Oh, I like where this is going.
Simon : I know this is crazy,
Simon : And I'm only in town for a couple of days,
Simon : But do you want to go on a date?
Lily : He asked you out?!
Lily : Oh, step into my web, simon.
Ted : The coup de grace.
Barney : Finish him!
UNK: I'd lo to!
Ted : Wait. You're going on a date with simon?
UNK: That simon? The one we met?
Lily : Robin, this guy doesn't deserve a second chance.
Lily : Not after the way he treated you.
Robin : That was ten years ago. People evolve.
Robin : I mean, are you the same person that you were in high school?
Lily : Oh, hell, no!
Marshall : I think you're gonna enjoy this.
Lily : That my girl michelle? Bitch, you know it!
UNK: How she livin'? She livin' the only way she know how to.
Michelle : Large!
Lily : Oh, girl, you gots to get your drink on up in here.
UNK: I'm hoping my fat ass can hustle me up a vodka-gatorade.
Lily : For reals.
Barney : I want her around all the time.
Barney : I'd even consider not trying to sleep with her
Barney : If that's what it takes.
Barney : Guys, I've decided to seduce michelle.