Narrator : Now, kids, when aunt robin was a teenager she was, well...
UNK: A canadian pop star.
UNK: But by 2008, she was an entirely different person...
UNK: Coming up next : Is your baby trying to kill you?
Narrator : Which made the events of that week
UNK: Ted from 2030 : All the more surprising.
UNK: So, I go in this morning and... brr!... It's freezing!
UNK: So I walk over there, and I don't know why I'm still talking
UNK: Because, clearly, we're all asking the same question :
Ted : What in god's creation is going on with robin's breasts?
UNK: I know! Right? Isn't it amazing?
Robin : I spent half an hour making this happen.
UNK: There's tape in there, cotton balls,
Robin : Half of a nerf football, but it works, right?
Lily : Totally. What's the occasion?
Robin : And old friend from canada is in town,
Robin : And I'm meeting him for a drink.
Barney : Ooh! Somebody you went to degrassi with?
Robin : No. Actually, he was my first boyfriend.
Robin : Simon. I thought he was the coolest guy ever.
Robin : He smelled like drakkar.
Robin : He could ollie on a skateboard.
UNK: And he had the most amazing collection
Robin : Of hard rock cafe t-shirts.
Robin : We spent the whole summer madly in love.
Barney : Tell me more. Tell me more.
Barney : Like, did he have a car?
Marshall : So he's the guy who...
Marshall : How shall I say this like a gentleman?
Marshall : Robin, did he take your maple leaf?
Robin : No, it wasn't like that.
Barney : Sounds to me like he gave you your first "o canada" face.
Narrator : This went on for a really long time.
UNK: Some of the jokes were elegant and well-crafted...
Lily : Wait, wait. Did he break up with you
Lily : And tell you he's just not that inuit?
Narrator : Others were crude, and ill-formed...
Ted : Um, something about fur trapping.
Narrator : And others were obvious, but needed to be said...
Barney : Did you ride his zamboni?
UNK: Oh! Come on! Oh!
Marshall : Wait, wait, wait. Did he...?
Marshall : I think I'm out.
UNK: Yeah, I'm also "oot."
Ted : Okay, now I'm really out.
Robin : Well, I'm sorry, guys. It was all very tame.
Robin : We only dated for a week and a half.
Barney : Wha...? I thought you said you were together all summer.
Robin : Yeah. Summer in canada is pretty much the last week of July.
Robin : Anyway, one night,
Robin : His band just finish playing this gig...
Robin : Oh, my god! Simon.
Robin : That was such a good show.
Robin : You guys totally rocked out.
Ted : Yeah.
Robin : I know.
Simon : I figure we're about four or five gigs away
Simon : From really exploding.
Simon : We're gonna be big, babe.
Simon : I mean, like crash-test-dummies big.
Simon : So, that everything?
Ted : Yeah.
Simon : All right.
Simon : Listen, babe...
Simon : It's over.
Robin : What?
Simon : I'm getting back together with louise marsh.
Lily : Louise marsh?!
Lily : That's a whore's name if I ever heard one.
Marshall : Yeah, why would he want to get back together with louise marsh?
Simon : Well, the thing is...
Simon : Her folks just put in a pool.
Robin : Oh... So...
Robin : Totally... I get it.
Robin : Pools are great.
Robin : Swimming's awesome.
Robin : We have a sprinkler.
Robin : Run right through it.
Robin : Well, I should go.
Simon : Uh...
Simon : Babe, wait.
Robin : Yeah, simon?
Simon : You forgot to load the drum set.
Ted : No!
Ted : Tell me you did not load the drum set.
Robin : I did.