Marshall : And now he's coming here?
Marshall : Robin, why do you want to see this guy?
Lily : Oh! I know why.
Lily : You're gonna win, aren't you?
Robin : I have no idea what you're talking about.
Ted : Yes, you do.
Ted : Whenever you haven't seen someone for a long time,
Ted : No matter how much you want to deny it,
Ted : There's always a clear winner and a clear loser.
Robin : Well, since you brought it up,
Robin : Let's add up the points.
Barney : You're starting out with two big ones right there.
Robin : Thank you.
Robin : Okay. So, simon still lives with his mom.
Ted : Point robin.
Robin : Um, he never became
Robin : A rock star.
Ted : Point robin.
Robin : He now works at a water slide park outside of ottawa.
Marshall : Point simon.
Ted : Wait. Do they have a wave pool?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No.
Marshall : Ah. Point robin. That's five-zip.
Marshall : There's no coming back from that.
Robin : Yeah, he's going down.
Robin : I mean, unless somehow, he got hotter.
Robin : There he is.
Narrator : And sure enough, there was a clear winner
Ted : And a clear loser.
Narrator : It just wasn't clear to everybody.
Simon : Hey, babe.
Robin : Oh, my god.
Ted : Okay, what the hell just happened?
Robin : Oh, come on, it wasn't so bad, was it?
Robin : Hey, simon.
Simon : Wow, look at you.
Simon : You got old.
Robin : Yeah. You look great.
Robin : You got hotter,
Robin : Like that's possible.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : So...
Robin : Look, I know it didn't go as planned, but...
Robin : I can't help it.
Simon : I mean...
Robin : He's still got it.
Simon : Whoa! Four bucks for a brew?
Simon : What a rip.
Simon : Good thing I'm packing.
Robin : So he's not a snob.
Robin : He's from a different part
Robin : Of canada, you know?
Robin : The maple leaf flag on the back of the pickup truck?
Robin : He's red province.
Robin : He's from the deep north.
UNK: And the thing is,
Marshall : We gave you so many opportunities.
Robin : So, simon,
Lily : Robin's a bit of a local celebrity here in new york.
Lily : She's the lead anchor
Lily : At metro news one. Tell him, robin.
Robin : No. It's stupid.
Robin : It's not cool, like simon's shirt.
Barney : I'm sorry, simon.
Barney : Here we are nattering on about our big celebrity.
Barney : What do you do for a living?
Simon : Oh, I work at the splish splash ottawa water slide park.
Ted : Huh! A water slide park.
Ted : That sure is different than what robin does.
Simon : Yeah, it is... Because I save lives.
Simon : If I'm not sitting in that stool
Simon : At the top of the slide, going...
Ted : Go...
Ted : Go...
Ted : Go...
Simon : People die.
Simon : What, you think it's so easy?
Simon : You try it.
UNK: Um... Okay.
Ted : Go.
Simon : You didn't put your hand up; kid just died.
Ted : No, I didn't know...
Simon : Another kid just went; he died, too.
Ted : Oh, well, sure. I mean, if I was actually...
Simon : Another kid just went; now you've got a pile-up,
UNK: And robin's got something to report on the news.
UNK: This just in :
UNK: My friend, ted, killed a bunch of kids today.
Lily : Well, that's cool.
Lily : You got to pay the bills somehow
Lily : Since your whole music thing didn't really pan out, did it?
Simon : Well, it hasn't panned out yet, but the band's still going.
Simon : About four or five gigs
Simon : Away from really exploding.
Robin : The foreskins are still playing?
Ted : The foreskins?
Ted : How'd you guys come up with that name?
Simon : Well, there's four of us,
Simon : And we play without shirts.
Simon : Babe, seriously.
Robin : I know. I'm sorry.
Robin : I know. I'm sorry.