Marshall : It's just...
Robin : When I was young, I was so...
Robin : Vulnerable and-and open to things, you know?
Robin : And... I guess I just... I wanted to feel that way again.
Robin : I wanted to be 16 again.
Barney : Robin, that is the stupidest thing
Barney : I've ever heard come out of your mouth.
Barney : You want to be 16 again?
Barney : I have watched your first
Barney : Robin sparkles video a thousand times,
Barney : And it's not because I'm proud of you as a friend.
Barney : It's because you were totally, totally lame back then.
UNK: But now, come on. Pa-kow!
Barney : You're the most awesome person I have ever known.
Barney : Well, second most awesome.
Robin : Right. Of course, the-the first being you.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No.
Barney : No. The first is this guy
Barney : Who lives in a place called the mirror.
Barney : What up.
Barney : Oh.
Barney : I'm saying
Barney : That you are way more awesome than simon ever will be.
Robin : Barney, do you want to come back to my place?
Barney : Your place?
Barney : Are you sure you want to do this? Yeah. I am.
Robin : Let's just not tell anyone about this, okay?
Robin : Of course.
Barney : So, should I just put it in?
Robin : Yeah, why not?
UNK: ♪ Met you at the mall...
Robin : This was my big artistic follow-up
UNK: To "let's go to the mall."
Robin : It kind of tanked.
UNK: ♪ My friends said I was a fool
UNK: You're a fool. Shut up!
Barney : Is that tiffany? Mm-hmm.
UNK: ♪ 'Cause you were older and got kicked out of school ♪
Barney : You are so rad.
UNK: ♪ Together we were gonna travel the globe ♪
UNK: ♪ From alberta to ontario
Barney : It's everything I want it to be and more.
UNK: Oh, I'm so glad. Mm-hmm.
UNK: ♪ And now I'm building sandcastles in the sand ♪
UNK: ♪ Sandcastles in the sand ♪
UNK: ♪ Thought I could fly when you held my hand ♪
UNK: ♪ Thought I could fly ♪ but now...
UNK: ♪ eternity returns to black and white... ♪
Barney : Is that alan thicke?
Ted : Yeah.
UNK: ♪ It was the greatest week and a half ♪
UNK: ♪ Of my life
UNK: ♪ we used to go to the beach
Barney : You know, if you reedit it,
Barney : There's a tampon commercial in here somewhere.
UNK: ♪ On our favorite bench
UNK: ♪ we'd sit and talk and you taught me to french ♪
UNK: ♪ You're good at...
Barney : Do you seem how lame you were back then?
Robin : Yeah, you're right. I was lame.
Barney : Totally lame. Ugh.
UNK: ♪ ...So unfair...
Robot : You don't understand about love.
Barney : And, of course, the robot makes an appearance
Barney : In the sad love ballad.
Robin : He was my sidekick. He had to be.
Narrator : And so they watched it again.
UNK: ♪ It's crazy
UNK: ♪ no one gets me
UNK: ♪ let's go all the way
UNK: I love you.
UNK: Let's do it.
UNK: I miss you.
Narrator : And again.
UNK: ♪ Sandcastles may be cute
UNK: I'm on the pill now.
Narrator : And again.
UNK: ♪ But now all they do is remind me of you... ♪
UNK: Ted from 2030 : They watched it over and over that night until finally,
UNK: Ted from 2030 : They stopped watching.
UNK: ♪ You said it'd be okay...