UNK: Tattoo.
UNK: Dr. Spain : Wow. I thought you'd be the last person to have a problem with nonconformity.
House : Nonconformity. Right.
House : I can't remember the last time I saw a 20-something kid with a tattoo of an Asian letter on his wrist.
UNK: You are one wicked freethinker.
House : You want to be a rebel? Stop being cool.
House : Wear a pocket protector like he does, and get a haircut,
House : like the Asian kids who don't leave the library for 20-hour stretches.
House : They're the ones who don't care what you think.
UNK: Sayonara.
UNK: So, should I go through all the rйsumйs looking for Asian names?
House : Actually, the Asian kids are probably just responding to parental pressure, but my point is still valid.
UNK: : So when do they think you're getting out of here?
UNK: They don't know.
UNK: : You don't look sick. Better hope you're not.
UNK: : This equipment looks like it's 100 years old. -Just got it out of storage.
Foreman : It is the previous generation, but it works just fine.
Cameron : Could you, uh... Could you guys give us a second?
Mary : If it's good news, you can tell them.
UNK: Okay. We're, uh, we're pretty sure it's not cancer.
UNK: : - Hey, that's great. - I'll call your parents.
Foreman : Well, we still can't release her. We still don't know yet exactly what's causing the...
UNK: Mary?
UNK: What's wrong? - She's having an absence seizure. Mary? You okay?
UNK: She looks fine. I need some help over here. Push two milligrams Ativan, stat.
House : Are you sure it was an absence seizure?
UNK: Absolutely. She was totally unresponsive...
Foreman : and unaware of what was going on around her.
House : Do you mind? We're trying to work.
Chase : We should get back out there. Cuddy's gonna be looking for us.
House : Looking, but not finding. Did you do an E.E.G.?
UNK: Seizure frequency's increasing. They... They're almost constant now. Five in the last half hour.
House : Which tells us... It's definitely in her brain.
Chase : - And it's getting worse. - And?
House : Good Lord. Are you having a bowl movement or a baby?
Chase : Could be barbiturate withdrawal. No, it can't be drugs.
UNK: She's tested at every meet she competes at. A bleed in the brain could cause seizures.
Chase : Rat poison? Could also cause the neck pain.
Foreman : You think she's eating off the floor of her folks' garage?
House : Doesn't have to be.
Foreman : Who would poison a 12-year-old?
House : Well, let's see now. There's the 18-year-old has-been that she beat out to make the Nationals,
House : the has-been's parents, jealous siblings, sociopathic swim fan,
House : and then there's just your plain old garden variety whack job.
UNK: Hey.
House : - You know what a hemorrhoid is? - No.
House : Well, Google it. And try some raisin bran instead of the doughnuts.
House : Do a C.T. scan. Check for intracranial bleeding.
House : Not a chance. Radiology's totally swamped.
House : If our patient's bleeding into her brain, she's gonna be dead in eight hours.
Foreman : She could be, but a meningitis patient will be without a C.T. scan.
Chase : When I was in med school, I had this old professor... - Who touched you in the naughty place?