Chase : Before the C.T. scan was introduced, he specialized in transcranial ultrasound.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Ancient, but if there's enough bleeding it might work.
House : Okay, do what the guy who didn't specialize in neurology said.
Chase : It was my idea.
UNK: Nyah, nyah, nyah. You've still gotta cover "Q" to "Z".
House : Sorry I'm late. I was taking a dump.
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : I'm guessing I'm better off interviewing right after than right before.
Wilson : Dr. Petra Gilmar, Dr. Gregory House.
UNK: You actually speak four languages, or are you just banking on never being interviewed by anyone who does?
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : It's true, and I can swear in two more.
House : Why are you leaving Dr. Hazel?
House : Did you fall for him and can't handle it, or was it the other way around?
Wilson : Yes, well, pretty much every fellowship ends that way. - No, it was nothing like that.
House : - You Jewish? - Yes.
House : Is it true what they say about jewish foreplay?
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : - Two hours of begging? - I heard four.
UNK: Well, actually, I'm only half Jewish.
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : Look, I know you like to play games with people.
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : I know you like to say outrageous things and study how they react.
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : What you should know about me is that I grew up with four brothers.
UNK: Dr. Gilmar : Keep your hands to yourself, I'm okay with anything that comes out of your mouth.
UNK: Uh, well, that's, uh, great. I think that's all we need.
Wilson : Thank you for coming by. Thank you.
Wilson : - That's our Hitler! - No way.
Wilson : Are you kidding? Her background's perfect.
Wilson : She's smart, she can obviously deal with your insanity...
House : You see her shoes? Her shoes?
Wilson : What, did your horoscope in Vogue tell you to avoid women wearing green shoes?
House : The eyes can mislead, a smile can lie,
House : but the shoes always tell the truth.
UNK: They were Prada. Means she has good taste. - They were not Prada.
House : You wouldn't know Prada if one stepped on your scrotum.
Wilson : Okay. Well, they were nice. Pointy. Exactly.
House : They were stylish, and very painful to wear.
House : Only an incredibly shallow, insecure woman...
UNK: would rather be in pain all day long than wear a decent-looking, comfortable shoe,
House : and that's exactly the type I don't need around here.
Wilson : No. Someone who can handle a lot of pain...
Wilson : is exactly the type you do need.
Foreman : Excuse me.