House : What if the rash isn't a rash?
Foreman : What are you talking about?
UNK: Who gave her the balloons? Some of the girls from her team.
Foreman : They've been visiting her pretty regularly, but none of them are sick. What about the guys?
Foreman : - None of them are sick either. - Which guys visited her?
UNK: Uh...
Foreman : Actually, none.
House : She's cute. She's nice.
House : She's a kick-ass diver.
UNK: You'd think the guys would be falling all over themselves to get close to her.
Foreman : She's 12. The youngest guy on her team is 16.
House : Okay, so maybe they're just not interested, or... - They're avoiding her.
House : There any cell fragments in her blood smears?
Chase : No. Red blood cells were intact.
UNK: Check 'em again.
Chase : Blood looks like it's been put through the blender now.
House : You done yet? You were right.
UNK: The rash wasn't a rash. She's bleeding into her skin. It's purpura.
UNK: Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura?
UNK: Starts with "T". You were so close.
Foreman : What could have set it off?
UNK: She had no traces of E. Coli in her cultures.
Foreman : She's obviously not menopausal, so no estrogen.
House : There is one other possible cause.
Chase : Oh, God.
UNK: Pregnancy causes...
House : all kinds of chemical and biological changes...
House : in a woman's body...
House : Or a girl's body, as the case may be.
House : In extremely rare cases, everything goes haywire. It's called T.T.P.
UNK: Blood starts clotting like crazy and clogs the vessels in your brain and kidneys.
House : Red blood cells end up getting shredded as they squeeze past the clot,
UNK: like a fat guy in a crowded bar.
House : I'm sure you know what that's like.
UNK: I mean, you're only 12, but you're all grown up, right?
House : Travel on your own, hang out in hotel rooms...
House : getting room service with your teammates.
House : Maybe someone sneaks in a couple of beers. You start playing spin the bottle.
House : Next thing you know you're waking up with nothing on but your socks.
Mary : It wasn't like that. Ofcourse not.
House : - You wanted it. - Yeah. I did.
Mary : He turned out to be a jerk, but...
House : Actually, under New Jersey law, the term is felon.
Mary : I knew what I was doing.
UNK: We're gonna have to do something called plasmapheresis.
House : Cleans the antibodies from your blood.
UNK: We're also gonna have to terminate the pregnancy.
UNK: You gonna tell my parents?
House : Someone should. Rock, paper, scissors?
Mary : They don't need to know.
Mary : I'll be all right.
UNK: Ofcourse you will.
UNK: I mean, if you're old enough to bleed out of your vagina,
UNK: then obviously you're mature enough...
House : to handle a simple thing like an abortion without Mommy and Daddy's help.
UNK: You gonna tell my parents?
House : Under New Jersey law, you're the boss.
House : Your daughter has T.T.P.
House : Don't worry. It's curable. She'll be fine.
UNK: Well, wait. I mean, what does T.T.P. stand for?
House : Some really big words that you've never heard before...
House : and, when we're done, will never hear again.
House : Have a nice day.
UNK: Mr. Carroll : - Well, when can we take her home? - Uh, in a few days.
House : She needs some minor surgery to remove the underlying cause...
House : before we can do the... another really big word.
UNK: Mr. Carroll : What's the underlying cause?
House : She has an abnormal growth in her abdomen. - What kind of surgery?
UNK: It's... It's very simple.
House : We do it here all the time.