Mary : Come on.
Mary : It's from my new bathing suit. I've had it a week.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Does your neck hurt? If it does, you hit the trifecta.
Mary : It's nothing. I pulled it trying to do a three-and-a-half tuck.
House : Where are your parents? We live in Chicago.
Mary : I'm here with my coach.
Mary : I wanted to see what you were writing.
House : Go like this.
UNK: Ow.
House : Go like this.
Foreman : Take these pills.
Foreman : Blue slip will get you out of here.
UNK: Next.
House : You're coming with me.
UNK: Proceed to the second floor for further examination.
UNK: You're gonna need a C.T. scan. Second floor.
Chase : Take the elevators, follow the parade.
UNK: Next.
UNK: Maybe it's something systemic. Or maybe it's meningitis.
House : She's had the rash a week. If it was this meningitis she'd be dead by now.
Cuddy : You guys figure we're done down there?
Cuddy : The 800 people milling around are just waiting for the bathroom?
UNK: Twelve-year-old female. Fever, rash, neck pains. Not meningitis.
Cuddy : It's the definition of meningitis.
House : Sure. Pus in the spinal canal makes it hurt to move your head up and down,
UNK: but her neck only hurts moving side to side.
Cuddy : - Oh, side to side. - Doesn't fit.
Cuddy : The three of you, lobby, now.
House : Those little pills you're passing out so efficiently...
UNK: aren't gonna do Miss Louganis squat.
Cuddy : You just don't want to deal with the epidemic.
House : That's right. I'm subjecting a 12-year-old...
House : to a battery of dangerous and invasive tests to avoid being bored.
House : Okay, maybe I would do that. But I'm not.
House : If it turns out she's got meningitis,
UNK: you're right, you win; but if we go back downstairs and she dies...
House : Your face will be so red.
Cuddy : You have one hour.
House : Get a lumbar puncture. Some brain infections can be pretty clever at hide-and-seek.
UNK: I'll get on her blood work. No, you won't.
House : You, sir, will research all the causes in the universe of neck pain.
Chase : - The list is, like, two miles long. - Start with the letter "A".
UNK: And put her on rifampin. Rifampin is for meningitis. You just said...
House : In case I'm wrong.
House : It has happened.
UNK: Brenda, I need a C.B.C. Chem 7 in 2046.
Brenda : Hold on. Excuse me. Excuse me.
UNK: : Hey, there's a line here. That's why I said excuse me.
Foreman : Brenda, I need a bed and a... We all need stuff.
Foreman : Push me again.
Foreman : Brenda, I need a bed and a nurse for a lumbar puncture.
UNK: No beds, no nurses for at least four hours. I've only got one.
Brenda : Your patient only has an hour to live unless she gets a lumbar puncture?
Foreman : Cuddy only gave us an hour to work on the patient.
Brenda : Back of the line.
UNK: Do not leave the quarantine area until you have been seen by a doctor.
UNK: Overhead Speaker Voice : When you see a doctor, you will receive a blue or yellow form...
Foreman : This novocaine will numb you for the lumbar puncture.
Foreman : Sorry this has to be so public, Mary.
Mary : Normally I'm in a bathing suit with 5,000 people staring at my butt.
Mary : I can block this out.
Coach : These kids are all very mature. Travel around the country from event to event.