Cuddy : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm "ultrasounding" your head.
Foreman : You're still having seizures. This should help us figure out what's going on.
House : Blue form to the security guard. You're not gonna be happy with anyone.
House : So what, your advice is...
House : hire someone I'm not happy with and be happy?
Wilson : No, my advice is much more subtle. Stop being an ass.
Wilson : You always find some tiny little flaw to push people away.
UNK: Oh, now it's people. I thought we were talking about fellowship applicants.
Wilson : You have a history of this. Well, when I do decide...
House : to push you away, I hope there's a small person kneeling behind you, so you fall down and hurt your head.
Wilson : Take these. There's water over there. Blue form to the guard.
Wilson : And you're done.
Wilson : You had the perfect person, and you blew it.
House : You saw the shoes.
Wilson : I'm not talking about her. You're talking about Cameron.
Wilson : I'm talking about every woman you've ever given a damn about.
House : Cameron is so not perfect.
Wilson : Well, nobody's perfect.
House : Mother Teresa? Dead.
House : Angelina Jolie?
Wilson : No medical degree. Now who's being picky?
UNK: You're gonna wind up alone, House.
Foreman : You were right. There's a significant bleed in her temporal lobe.
UNK: But no poisons.
UNK: Did tox screens on her blood, urine, and hair. Nothing. Did them twice.
Cuddy : He's a little dehydrated. Put him on a saline drip and give him some orange juice.
House : I need an operating room and a neurosurgeon.
Cuddy : Given the current crisis, I'm tempted to say no,
Cuddy : but since you've been so sweet to me today...
House : Our little mermaid is bleeding into her temporal lobe.
Cuddy : - How fast can you have her prepped? - Twenty minutes.
UNK: You'll have a surgeon in the room in ten.
Foreman : Mr. and Mrs. Carroll? Are you Dr. House?
Coach : - This is Dr. Foreman. - Is Mary all right?
Foreman : The operation went well.
UNK: The intracranial pressure's been relieved, and the swelling's already going down.
UNK: Oh, thank God. Well, what happened?
UNK: I mean, did she bang her head at a meet, or did she...
UNK: No, nothing like that. - Then why is she bleeding? Is she gonna be all right?
Foreman : I'm sorry. We still don't know.
Chase : No toxins, no tumor, no bone cancer.
Foreman : Renal failure could cause the rash, fever, and muscle pain.
Foreman : Maybe it's some sort of genetic kidney disorder. No family history.
UNK: - And no blood in her urine or uremia. - Not yet.
Chase : You want to do a differential based on symptoms that might happen?
UNK: - You got a better idea? - Stop it.
House : Stop looking for things we don't know and focus on what we do know.
House : What do we actually know, besides what's up there?
House : Come on. How hard can it be to tell me what you already know?
UNK: She's 12. -She spends a lot of time in pools... exposure to chemicals.
Chase : - She travels a lot. - But never out of the country.
House : What else?
Mary : Come on!
UNK: We're gonna put you right here.
House : We're missing something.
UNK: What? Well, if I knew that, it wouldn't be missing.
Chase : Maybe she's adopted and we've got the wrong history.
House : No. She's got her mom's eyes and a red patch of hair just like Dad.
Foreman : What about an allergic reaction?
UNK: That could explain the rash and muscle pain, but probably not the bleeding or seizures.
House : That's a lot of balloons.
UNK: You think she's allergic to polyester? - Not unless she's been competing in the nude all these years.
Chase : Then what are you thinking? What do the balloons mean?