Garrett : when the officer showed me his photo.
Beckett : Who is he?
UNK: His name is Adam Lane.
Gates : You arrested him?
Garrett : He wasn't a criminal when we met. He was a victim.
Castle : And do you have any idea where he is now?
Garrett : I haven't seen or heard from Lane in six years.
Garrett : Took me a minute to recognize him
Garrett : with that fake beard he's wearing.
Gates : Okay. I'll get ready to release Adam Lane's name and picture to the media.
Esposito : There's no current address for Lane.
Beckett : Try to find one. Reach out to his family
Beckett : and anyone else that knows him.
Beckett : In the meantime, you need to tell us everything you know about Adam Lane.
Garrett : Lane was in high school back then.
Garrett : It was a cyberbullying case.
Beckett : Who was bullying him?
Garrett : He was taking a shower
Garrett : when this meathead football player,
Garrett : Tim Witherspoon, stole his clothes.
UNK: Now, this has happened to Lane his whole life,
Garrett : but this time, he went ballistic.
Garrett : There he was, buck naked, screaming at Witherspoon in the locker room.
Castle : I think I know where the "cyber" part comes in.
Garrett : Yeah. Witherspoon secretly recorded it
Garrett : and posted it on his Myspace page.
Beckett : So he was publicly humiliated.
Garrett : Yeah, but it wasn't just humiliation.
Garrett : After the video, the kids turned on him.
Garrett : They inundated him with these awful, hateful e-mails.
Garrett : And no one was held accountable.
Beckett : Why not?
UNK: 'Cause cyberbullying laws at the time were weak.
UNK: I got 'em to take the video down,
Garrett : but I couldn't convince the DA to press charges.
UNK: Should've tried harder.
Castle : What happened to Lane?
UNK: Everyone has their breaking point, right?
Garrett : Quit school, withdrew from life. It ruined him.
Castle : And now he's getting revenge
Castle : by going after the popular kids on social media.
Garrett : And targeting me because I didn't protect him.
Beckett : Not just you. All of us.
Beckett : Did he have any friends?
Beckett : Was there anywhere he liked to hang out?
Garrett : No, he was a loner, computer geek.
Garrett : He didn't have any friends.
Garrett : That's pretty much all I know.
UNK: Hey. Having no luck tracking down Adam Lane.
UNK: It's like he went off the grid.
Ryan : No tax returns, no driver's license, no job.
Ryan : Except for a stint at a funeral home three years ago.
Beckett : That must be how he knows about anatomy.
Beckett : What about his parents?
Ryan : Uh, father wasn't in the picture,
Ryan : mother died about a year ago.
Esposito : Hey, get this.
Esposito : I ran down Tim Witherspoon, Lane's bully.
Esposito : Turns out he's dead. Unsolved homicide.
Esposito : He was stabbed in his apartment 10 months ago.
Castle : That's right after Lane's mother died.
UNK: Maybe it's what triggered him.
Beckett : So he murdered Witherspoon, took his revenge,
Beckett : but that wasn't enough for him.
Beckett : Where did Lane and his mom live?
Ryan : Well, the apartment was sold when she died,
Ryan : but they lived on Avenue C at East Fifth.
UNK: It's the Lower East Side.
Esposito : Ever since we released Lane's photo,
Esposito : we've had multiple tips that he'd been seen in that area.
Castle : Anti-social kid like Lane
Castle : who's never made his way in the world
UNK: is gonna stay with what's familiar.
Castle : Lower East Side's the only neighborhood he's ever known.
Beckett : Who bought his mother's place?
Ryan : An old Russian couple, but the basement has a rental unit.
Castle : Who wants to bet Lane's still living there?
Beckett : Adam Lane, you're under arrest for murder.
Castle : What's so funny?
UNK: Adam Lane : You'll see.
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : We got a problem.
Beckett : What's the problem? We got Adam Lane in custody.
Esposito : Well, he's got people in custody, too.
Esposito : It just showed up on the Netslayer feed.
Castle : What people?
Esposito : Oren and Kent Wilder from Snappamatic.
Esposito : They're about to be his next victims.
UNK: "Like me or I die." It's a popularity contest.
Esposito : And Kent is losing.
Esposito : These guys' photos update
Esposito : every five seconds along with their votes.
Ryan : They're both attached to electrical leads.
UNK: Which probably lead to a power supply controlled by a computer.
Ryan : That countdown started at one hour. Once it reaches zero...
Castle : Whichever brother has the least votes gets his heart stopped.
UNK: Or they both do.
UNK: It's the ultimate attack on social media.
Ryan : And us.
Ryan : He wants us to feel powerless.
UNK: Those guys are gonna die, even though he's in custody.
Beckett : Not if we get to them first.
Esposito : In 37 minutes? How are we gonna do that?
Esposito : They're in front of tarps. There's no background detail.
Esposito : These guys could be anywhere. Maybe even in separate places.
Beckett : Go to the Snappamatic offices.
Beckett : Maybe they'll help us track down the source of these photos
Beckett : now that Kent and Oren's lives are at stake.
UNK: What are you gonna do?
UNK: I'm gonna make Adam Lane talk.
Adam : So, who's ahead? Oren or Kent?
Beckett : Time isn't just running out for them, Adam.
Beckett : It's running out for you as well.
Beckett : Your one and only window of opportunity is about to close.
UNK: I've got nothing to say.
UNK: Look, I'm not gonna lie to you. You are going to prison.
Beckett : But if you tell me where Kent and Oren are,
Beckett : then you can still control what kind of prison.
Adam : What's the expression? Three hots and a cot?
Adam : Works for me.
UNK: Yeah, well, you're not gonna be