Beckett : The killer sent this?
Ryan : Right before he murdered her.
Castle : He was watching her. Hmm.
Castle : And then he sent that to terrorize her. This was personal.
Castle : Well, so much for the warm embrace of technology.
Beckett : Is there any way to trace the text?
Ryan : Well, we'll try, but it was sent from a burner phone.
Ryan : Um, meanwhile, we'll check with the neighbors,
Ryan : see if they saw anything.
Beckett : Okay. And talk to friends and family.
Beckett : If this was personal, they might have an idea as to who was behind this.
Ryan : Well, why don't we start with this guy? Carlos.
Ryan : She was on the phone with him right before she received the text message.
Ryan : Judging by their call history, he looks to be the boyfriend.
UNK: Carlos Villegas : I can't believe this happened.
UNK: I should've been there to protect her.
Ryan : We have to ask you, Carlos. Who else had a key to Abby's place?
UNK: Nobody. Just the landlord.
Esposito : You know if she was expecting any visitors?
Carlos : No, she was actually heading out to, uh, Club Doom.
Carlos : She had booked a personal appearance there.
UNK: Uh, Abby was a celebrity?
Carlos : She was huge on social media.
Esposito : So, was she an actress or a singer or what?
Carlos : No, she posted pics on Snappamatic.
Castle : You know, the photo-sharing app?
UNK: "Snappamatic Reviews," she called them.
Esposito : And that got her personal appearances?
Carlos : Yeah, and sponsors, too.
UNK: Especially once she hit half a million followers.
Ryan : What did Abby review, exactly?
Carlos : They were, like, joke reviews.
Carlos : She came to New York to be a comedian,
UNK: Abby Smith : and, um, this is how she hit it big.
UNK: "These gyros came right back up.
UNK: "That's a two-for-one special you don't want."
Carlos : This pic went viral,
Carlos : and overnight, she was a star.
UNK: With followers and fans, all this attention,
Carlos : I felt like I was losing her.
Carlos : Like there was no room left for the two of us.
Esposito : Do you think she had any stalkers?
Carlos : If she did, I'm not sure she would've told me.
Ryan : Did any of these reviewees get upset about the pictures she posted?
Carlos : Actually, yeah.
UNK: There was a guy. He made threatening calls.
Ryan : What was his name?
Esposito : Edward Han. He's an acupuncturist.
Esposito : His cell phone records show that he called Abby a dozen times
Esposito : in the days before her murder.
Castle : And who better than an acupuncturist
Castle : to kill with accurate punctures?
Castle : Perhaps with a giant needle.
Beckett : And he has the anatomical training to know where to strike.
UNK: Not to mention beef with Abby. Check this out.
Esposito : This was posted all over the place,
Esposito : and I bet it put a damper on Han's practice.
UNK: "Do not let this guy poke you"?
Esposito : I don't get it. Posting dumb-ass photos all over the place?
Esposito : How does she have a fan base?
Esposito : How did this become a career?
Castle : Welcome to the sharing economy.
UNK: Yeah, more like oversharing.
Beckett : Really? And you're opposed to all photos of oversharing women?
UNK: That's different.
Ryan : Hey. Han's starting to look good for this.
Ryan : One of Abby's neighbors saw him at her apartment yesterday.
Ryan : At her apartment? Doing what?
Ryan : Screaming at her, threatening to make her pay.
UNK: Till she slammed the door in his face.
Beckett : So maybe he went back to get the last word.
UNK: Edward Han : I never went back.
UNK: Edward Han : I admit I was at her apartment,
UNK: Edward Han : and I may have said those things.
Beckett : You were angry about this review.
Han : Review? That bimbo was never even a client.
Han : She posted that picture and my walk-ins dropped off.
Han : Her little joke was costing me my business.
UNK: Yeah, well, in our business, we call that motive.
Ryan : Where were you last night at 10 : 30?
Han : Off drowning my sorrows.
Han : I swear to you, I did not do this.
Han : But I know who did. She had a stalker.
Esposito : Yeah. I know. We're looking at him.
Han : Not me! That's what Abby thought, too. That I was stalking her.
UNK: Now why would she think that?
Esposito : Maybe because you were calling her all the time,
Esposito : showing up at her place?
Han : Abby said someone had been following her for the last month.
Han : But I didn't track her down till a week ago.
Han : So the stalker couldn't have been me.
Beckett : Mr. Han, do you have evidence that this other person actually exists?
Han : There's a note. On a postcard.
Beckett : What note?
UNK: A threat. She got it that day. She waved it in my face,
Han : she accused me of slipping it under her door.
Han : Whoever left that note, that's who did this. It has to be.
Beckett : Han's alibi checks out.
UNK: Bartender said that he was well into his
Beckett : fourth Mai Tai at the time of the murder.
UNK: Upon reflection, it's just as well.
Castle : From a storytelling standpoint.
UNK: I mean, "Do not let this guy poke you,"
Castle : then the acupuncturist stabs her with a giant needle?
Castle : It's just a little too obvious.
Beckett : Which means we're looking for someone else with motive.
Beckett : But so far, no one sticks out.
Castle : Maybe Abby's family has some insight.
Beckett : They don't. She wasn't very close to them.
Esposito : Looks like Han was telling the truth about that threat.