Gates : And they called me, concerned about your commitment to this case.
Becktt : Sir, they're taking that photo out of context.
Gates : The truth doesn't matter, Kate.
Gates : It's a public relations problem now.
Gates : The killer just turned you into the poster child
Gates : for these murders not being solved.
UNK: So, what, they wanna take me off the case?
Gates : I told them no.
Gates : I won't let our suspect sabotage this investigation
Gates : by manipulating the narrative.
Gates : So, go home, clear your head,
Gates : you get back here, and you take his ass down.
Beckett : This is why I hate social media.
Beckett : Once something is out there, you have no control.
Beckett : People can take a private moment
Beckett : and create their own context.
Beckett : I mean, we weren't even investigating the murder yet
Beckett : and they made us look like we were bad cops.
Beckett : Or worse, like we didn't care.
Castle : Come on, Beckett, it's the Internet.
UNK: No one's gonna take that picture seriously.
Beckett : 1PP did.
UNK: Look, it's gonna blow over, okay?
Castle : With millions of items being posted every minute,
Castle : this is but a blip on the Net continuum.
Beckett : You know the problem with anonymity?
UNK: There is no accountability.
Beckett : It empowers cowards to become bullies. Just like this guy.
Castle : You know what?
Castle : Most bullies started out as victims themselves.
UNK: Maybe this guy's lashing out on the Internet
Castle : because it was used against him.
UNK: He was a victim of cybercrime.
Castle : And Bill Garrett was a Cyber cop.
Castle : It can't be a coincidence that the killer targeted him.
Castle : We've been looking at people Garrett put away...
Beckett : When we should have been looking at victims of his cyber cases.
Beckett : Okay, I'll get a hold of Garrett.
Beckett : I'll have him look into his old case files.
UNK: Our killer's gotta be in there somewhere.
Castle : Still, how did he get into Garrett's shop
Castle : to plant the evidence? Or Cam's car?
Ryan : I'll tell you how. With a key. A key that he made.
Castle : A 3D printer?
UNK: Yeah. Remember the fragments that we found in the lock of Cam's Rolls-Royce?
Ryan : Well, they're PLA. It's a bioplastic used in 3D printing.
Ryan : CSU found PLA in the locks at Abby's apartment,
Ryan : as well as Garrett's shop.
Beckett : How could the killer make a copy of the key without the original?
Ryan : It turns out all you need is a picture.
Ryan : When Cam bought the Rolls, he bragged about it
Ryan : by posting a photo of the key
Ryan : that anyone could then digitize.
Ryan : So, just as the killer did,
UNK: I uploaded the photo to the printer and...
UNK: Voila.
UNK: Outstanding.
UNK: If by "outstanding" you mean "horrifying."
Beckett : The killer snapped a photo of this key
Beckett : and then made a 3D duplicate of it.
Ryan : Welcome to the future.
UNK: Still, I gotta get one of these.
Beckett : Is there any way of finding out where the killer got his?
Ryan : Well, we're checking.
UNK: But between brick-and-mortar and online stores,
UNK: we got hundreds of vendors.
Beckett : Well, this explains how he got Cam's key, but not Garrett and Abby's.
Carlos : Abby never posted photos of her keys.
Carlos : And she was careful. It's not like she left them lying around.
Esposito : Did she ever valet park her car?
Carlos : No. She didn't even drive it, except to get out of the city.
Esposito : Any of her friends have keys to her place?
UNK: No.
Esposito : She never let anybody crash there?
UNK: Actually, Abby used to rent out her apartment online
Carlos : through a travel site.
Esposito : The people who stayed, how'd they get her keys?
Carlos : She'd leave them under a loose brick on her stoop.
Esposito : So, I've been running the people that rented Abby's apartment.
Beckett : Why would anyone let complete strangers stay in their place?
Tory : Extra money.
Tory : After this, I don't think I'll be doing it anymore.
Esposito : So all the renters checked out,
Esposito : except for one guy who booked and never showed up.
Tory : This is from an ATM across from Abby's apartment
Tory : on the day he was supposed to stay there.
Esposito : Turns out a guy did show up. Check this out.
Castle : He took a picture of her key.
Castle : It's the Netslayer. It's gotta be.
Tory : It's too far away, and too low-res to blow up.
Tory : But watch this, as he walks away.
UNK: There.
Beckett : And now we have a face.
Gates : Okay. Where are we on finding this man?
Esposito : We're distributing his picture.
Esposito : So far, none of the victims' families or neighbors recognize him.
Beckett : Sir, I'd like to release his photo to the press and social media.
Beckett : Let's turn the tables on this guy.
UNK: He's trying to hide it, but someone out there's gonna recognize his face.
Garrett : You're right. And that someone is me.
UNK: I was going over his case files