Esposito : CSU found this postcard in Abby's dresser drawer.
UNK: "The brightest stars burn quickest."
UNK: She got this on the same day she was murdered?
UNK: Wait, is this a fingerprint?
Esposito : No. That's a smudge. But it might mean something.
Esposito : The lab says that it's wood varnish.
Ryan : Hey, guys, check this out.
Ryan : I was looking through Abby's followers,
UNK: and one of 'em posted pictures of her on their account.
Esposito : Crime scene photos?
Beckett : But not ours.
Beckett : The killer took these photos before we got to the crime scene.
UNK: "This star's 15 seconds are over."
Beckett : Whose account is this?
UNK: Username is "Netslayer."
Esposito : He kills her, then posts her picture.
Esposito : Why would he do that?
Castle : Tear down the victim, add insult to injury.
UNK: "This star's 15 seconds are over."
Castle : Maybe that's why he killed Abby.
Castle : Because she's a Web celebrity.
Ryan : Or he wants to become one himself.
Castle : Abby did have half a million followers.
Castle : Killing her would give him instant high profile.
Beckett : Or he could just be using social media
Beckett : to hide his true motives for killing her.
Beckett : Either way, maybe these photos could help us find him.
Esposito : Yeah, I'll get with Tory. We'll analyze the photos,
Esposito : see if we can pull some images off the reflections.
Ryan : All right. And I'll go through his account,
Ryan : see if he posted anything else that could help us ID him.
UNK: Where you guys going?
Beckett : Straight to the source.
Beckett : Maybe Snappamatic can give us an idea of who he is
Beckett : or where to find him.
UNK: Actually, ID'ing and locating users
UNK: Kent Wilder : are two things we just can't do.
Beckett : Can't or won't?
UNK: Oren Wilder : Can't. Snappamatic was designed for privacy.
UNK: Oren Wilder : It runs on a software platform
UNK: Oren Wilder : that anonymizes all of our users.
Castle : I bet that was a real selling point for the killer.
Oren : Look, no one is more upset about this than we are.
Beckett : I bet Abby Smith was.
Beckett : One of your users killed her,
Beckett : and you're trying to tell me that you can't help us?
Kent : We're trying. Evan's combing the guy's account,
Kent : but all you need to register is a valid e-mail address.
Evan : Which isn't valid anymore, by the way.
Evan : So no help there.
Oren : What we can do is suspend his account so he can't post.
Castle : Well, the reason he's posting in the first place
Castle : is because he wants attention.
Castle : He needs to communicate.
Beckett : Exactly. He likes to share, so let him.
UNK: Maybe he's gonna share something
Beckett : that he didn't intend to.
Beckett : Now, take the pictures down, but leave the account up.
Oren : We'd rather not have the Snappamatic brand
Oren : associated with a murderer.
Beckett : It already is.
Beckett : It's our pipeline directly to the killer.
Beckett : The account stays open.
UNK: Consider the bright side, gentlemen.
Castle : The traffic for your site will be through the roof.
Evan : I think I got something.
Evan : I was digging through the metadata
Evan : and found a geotag anomaly on one of the pictures.
Beckett : What kind of an anomaly?
Evan : Okay, so the geotag holds GPS coordinates,
Evan : usually of where a photo was taken.
Castle : Usually, but not always?
Evan : Not if the camera loses its GPS signal.
Evan : In that case, a geotag is assigned
Evan : when the photo is uploaded.
Castle : So, the killer lost his GPS signal,
Castle : didn't notice...
Beckett : And then when he posted his photos onto Snappamatic,
UNK: he accidentally revealed his location.
Beckett : What are the coordinates?
Esposito : Tory plotted the longitude and latitude of the geotag,
Esposito : and we got an address in downtown Manhattan.
Beckett : And what's there?
Esposito : It's a vintage furniture store.
UNK: Wood, wood varnish!
Castle : That explains the smudge on the note.
Beckett : Okay, let's get the names of everyone that works there.
Esposito : We already did.
UNK: It's a one-man shop owned by one Bill Garrett.
Esposito : Turns out he used to be a cop,
Esposito : until he had a nervous breakdown.
UNK: And get this, he worked in the Cyber Division.
Castle : Which means he would know his way
Castle : around the Web and social media.
Beckett : Bring him in.