Esposito : who might be big on social media.
Gates : And that date, November 12th. Any special significance?
Ryan : Well, for starters, it turns out it is World Pneumonia Day.
Ryan : But we're also checking into any news events, births, deaths
UNK: that occurred on that date.
Castle : If it even is a date.
UNK: Eleven, 12, 13 could be part of a number sequence.
Ryan : Yes, Castle, we're also looking into that,
Ryan : as well as anyone Garrett put away while he was in Cyber.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Detective Beckett?
Tory : I was able to identify one of the images.
Tory : It was cropped from this photo of a food blogger named Mary Fuchs.
Beckett : Where did you find that photo?
Tory : She posted it on her Snappamatic feed a few days ago.
Castle : So Mary Fuchs is a Snappamatic user, just like Abby Smith.
Beckett : She could be next. We need to find her and bring her in here.
UNK: Mary Fuchs : I don't understand. Why would someone post part of my picture?
UNK: Miss Fuchs, do these images mean anything to you?
Beckett : Or this date?
Mary : No. I mean, I don't think so.
Castle : What about Abby Smith? Do you know her?
Castle : Do you have any connection to her?
Mary : I'd never even heard of her
UNK: till it was all over the news that she died.
Mary : Is whoever killed her after me?
Beckett : Well, has anyone been following you?
Beckett : Have you received any threatening messages?
Mary : No, nothing like that.
Castle : You're a blogger, right? What do you blog about?
Mary : Uh, German cuisine.
Mary : German cuisine?
Mary : I'm German, so I review German restaurants,
Mary : and I post recipes for classic dishes like strudel
UNK: and the bratwurst that I'm grilling in the picture.
Beckett : So your Snappamatic page says that you have
Beckett : 47 followers.
UNK: Yeah. I think that's pretty good
UNK: considering I joined last week.
Esposito : I don't get it.
UNK: Killing Abby put the Netslayer onto the big stage.
Castle : Taunting the police about it
UNK: just turned on the klieg lights.
Castle : Why target a no-name like her?
Beckett : Maybe he's trying to send a message that no one's safe.
UNK: Not Web celebs or obscure German food bloggers.
Ryan : Well, you better add artists to that list as well.
Ryan : Tory just ID'd another one of our images.
Castle : Is it from Snappamatic?
Ryan : Yeah, from the feed of a painter named Daniel Leek.
Ryan : The image is from a photo he took of one of his pieces.
Ryan : See the expiration date is cropped
Ryan : from the top of this milk carton.
Ryan : But Leek's pretty low on the Snappamatic totem pole.
Ryan : He only has about 2,000 followers.
Ryan : Heck, my blog has more than that.
Castle : You have a blog?
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, "The Ryan Report."
Ryan : It's the musings of a homicide detective...
Ryan : You haven't read it.
Esposito : I do... Oh, "The Ryan Report!" Yeah,
UNK: I just... I thought... Because I didn't...
Beckett : Well, in spite of Leek's following, let's try to get him in.
UNK: Well, that's going to be difficult.
Ryan : He's at an art opening in Seattle.
Ryan : He doesn't live in New York.
UNK: If he's in Seattle, how is he a possible victim?
Castle : He's not.
Castle : Rotten fruit, expiration date...
Castle : What's the name of that painting?
UNK: Uh, Spoiled, I think.
Castle : I know what the clues mean.
Ryan : Expiration date on spoiled milk plus
Castle : grilled bratwurst equals
UNK: "spoiled brats."
UNK: That's the message. You getting it? That's what the images mean.
Castle : Leading us to...
UNK: Seriously?
Castle : Anyone here besides me a consumer of vapid online magazines?
UNK: No. No.
Castle : Spoiled brats! As in
UNK: "The Spoiled Brats of Snappamatic,"
Castle : a feature article from two weeks ago.
Castle : It's all about rich kids
Castle : who post pictures of their extravagant lifestyles on Snappamatic.
Castle : That's the key to solving the case.
Castle : The killer has given us a pictogram,
Castle : as I predicted, pointing us to that article.
Esposito : Yeah, maybe.
Esposito : But what about the third image? The collage?
Beckett : This is it! This is the photo.
Beckett : Those are Tatiana Fisher's body parts
Beckett : from this photo that she took with her boyfriend Cam Magani.