Esposito : Bill Garrett!
Ryan : NYPD. Keep your hands where we can see 'em!
Esposito : On your knees. You know the drill.
UNK: Bill Garrett : Getting brought in here is no way to treat a fellow officer.
Beckett : Mr. Garrett, we found these when we searched your shop.
Garrett : I refinish furniture. Of course I have awls.
Beckett : Awls that match the stab wounds in her neck?
Garrett : If you think I murdered this girl, you're out of your mind.
Beckett : We also found this cell phone.
Garrett : I keep it for emergencies.
UNK: Emergencies? Like, uh, snapping photos?
Beckett : You see, even when you delete them, they can still be recovered.
Garrett : All right, what is this? I didn't take those.
Beckett : Then how did they end up on your phone?
Beckett : And why were they uploaded to Snappamatic
Beckett : using your Wi-Fi network?
Garrett : I don't upload photos.
Garrett : I don't even go near the Web unless I have to.
Beckett : And then there's the text to Abby.
Beckett : And the wood varnish on this note,
UNK: which we're gonna trace right back to your shop.
Beckett : It's over.
Beckett : Your best bet is to cut a deal.
Garrett : This is a mistake.
Beckett : Working Cyber Unit must've taken its toll.
UNK: It had to have been difficult.
Beckett : Seeing the darkest side of the Web, that must've changed you.
Beckett : Maybe that's why you left and did what you did.
Garrett : I didn't do anything.
Garrett : And I quit Cyber because a frat boy date-raped a girl,
Garrett : posted the photos online, and got away with it.
Garrett : So I flipped out and I put him in the hospital.
Garrett : I did not hurt this girl. I do not know her.
Ryan : Where were you at 10 : 30 p.m.?
Garrett : I was at home. With who?
Garrett : Nobody. I was alone.
Esposito : This was just posted to the Netslayer's account.
Beckett : That's you guys arresting Garrett. Right.
UNK: Wait, what's this?
UNK: "Wrong suspect, NYPD. I'm still here.
UNK: "What will I do next?"
Castle : So, either Garrett was framed...
Esposito : Or somehow he pulled this off to make it look like he was framed.
Beckett : Whoever this is, he just took this to a whole new level.
Beckett : He's taunting us.
Esposito : More pictures are coming in.
Beckett : Body parts?
Esposito : Body parts, sausages, a date?
Esposito : What the hell is this?
UNK: "The game is on." That's a challenge. Those are clues.
Esposito : Clues to what?
Beckett : His next murder.
Esposito : Body parts, sausage, November 12th.
Castle : Body parts being made into sausage.
Castle : Human sausages.
Castle : In November.
UNK: I am not getting anywhere with this.
Beckett : And you're sure? Okay, thanks.
Beckett : Garrett's alibi checks out.
Beckett : He activated his alarm system when he got home last night.
Beckett : No one entered or exited until morning.
Castle : So the killer set him up just to toy with us.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective, the news media is calling for comment.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : 1PP wants to know what we think this is.
Beckett : We're not sure.
Beckett : This could be a clue as to his next victim or victims.
Beckett : Each image could represent a different person.
Castle : Or it could be a pictogram, where the images add up to a message.
Beckett : Tory's trying to analyze each image, find their sources.
UNK: But we think that this collage
Beckett : is from one photo
Beckett : of a woman, Caucasian, in her 20s.
Gates : So she could be our next target.
Castle : And given the killer's behavior,
Castle : she's most likely someone with a high Internet profile, like Abby Smith.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : So we ID'd that grill as a Fowler.
Esposito : We're checking into anybody named Fowler