UNK: Excellent. Now hum.
UNK: Mmm. Vibrate, vibrate, vibrate, vibrate.
UNK: Mmm.
Beckett : Okay, I'll... Now breathe in...
UNK: You know, I think that's...
Castle : My vocal chords are about as warmed up as they're gonna get.
Castle : Thank you so much. I thought you said
Castle : you were just coming to watch, anyway.
Martha : Well, that was the plan, but then I discovered my expertise was needed.
Martha : And don't miss his forehead, honey. It's shiny.
Martha : What about this jacket, dear? Did you...
Castle : Yes, I'm good. I'm think...
UNK: Because... I picked that out myself.
Castle : I've done this before, Mother.
Castle : I know exactly what I'm doing. Thank you.
UNK: Can we just put one more?
UNK: Just another layer.
UNK: Stack 'em right up on top of there.
UNK: I think it'd be great. There's a boy over there
Martha : filming you with his phone.
Castle : Yeah, that's just behind-the-scenes stuff.
UNK: Oh. Yeah. It's all part of the campaign.
Castle : Just tapping into that whole 360-degree digital media environment.
UNK: Uh-huh. Okay.
Mo : Okay, Mr. Castle, we're ready.
UNK: Excellent. Want to go sit with Mo?
UNK: Woo-hoo! Mo!
Cameraman : We're rolling. All right.
Mo : And action!
Castle : Hi, I'm Richard Castle.
Castle : Are you looking for a bone-chilling, spine-tingling thriller
Castle : full of twists and turns?
Castle : If you are, look no further than my latest novel, Raging Heat.
Castle : Why don't you download your copy today?
Castle : Because whether you get it on the download,
Castle : buy a hard copy, or just listen to the audio version,
Castle : I promise you, it'll keep you hooked to the very last word.
UNK: Oops!
UNK: Kate Beckett : That must have been kind of embarrassing.
Castle : It was a minor blow to my ego.
UNK: But, after that, I had to channel my inner Castle.
UNK: But once I did, nailed it!
Beckett : Wow! You nailed playing yourself? That's impressive.
Castle : Mock if you will, but pretty soon you're gonna see my image
Castle : splashed across multiple platforms.
UNK: It's gonna be Castle 2.0. It's gonna be Castle in the cloud.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Multiple platforms?
Beckett : I thought that this was a TV commercial.
Castle : No, better. It's a Web-mercial.
Castle : And once it drops in a few days,
Castle : my publisher assures me that both Raging Heat and I will go viral.
Castle : It's time I let technology wrap me
Castle : in its warm yet lucrative embrace.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : Gentlemen. Is there an elevator or is this a walk-up?
Castle : Hope it's an elevator.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Victim's name is Abby Smith. She's 23 years old.
UNK: Javier Esposito : A maintenance worker found her early this morning.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We're dealing with something messed up here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : You got that right. Starting off with these stab wounds.
Castle : They're round.
Castle : What was the murder weapon?
Lanie : Hard to tell. A knitting needle, maybe.
UNK: Or an ice pick. Your guess is as good as mine.
Lanie : Her attacker knew about anatomy.
Lanie : He pierced her carotid and her subclavian arteries.
Lanie : She bled out in minutes.
UNK: Which means our killer might have had a medical background.
Beckett : You know, there are no signs of forced entry.
Beckett : Do we know how this killer came in?
UNK: Well, we're not really sure.
UNK: But he definitely wanted Abby to know that he was here.
UNK: She was texted this photo at 10 : 33,
UNK: right around time of death.