Tory : He posted it on his Snappamatic feed.
UNK: Spoiled brat Tatiana.
Ryan : She has over a million followers.
Castle : Going after her would raise the killer's infamy to new heights.
Castle : She's the next victim.
Beckett : Tatiana Fisher?
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : We've been trying to get a hold of you and Cam Magani.
Beckett : We have reason to believe that you
Beckett : might be the Netslayer's next target.
UNK: Tatiana Fisher : That's insane. He wouldn't dare.
Beckett : Well, maybe not, but we need to take you back to the precinct.
Tatiana : I'm not going anywhere with you.
UNK: I have a party on Fire Island, so...
Esposito : Ma'am, this is a potentially dangerous situation.
UNK: Did you just call me "ma'am"?
Tatiana : Look, I'll make it simple for you, okay?
Tatiana : Can you force me to go with you? Yes or no?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, then, buh-bye.
UNK: Wait, Miss Fisher.
UNK: Miss Fisher! Please, just give us...
Tatiana : Oh, my God! Cam!
UNK: Watch out.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : The Internet is abuzz today
UNK: with the news of a serial killer stalking social media.
UNK: Representatives of Snappamatic,
UNK: the online photo-sharing app,
UNK: News Reporter Man : have released a statement saying that
UNK: News Reporter Man : they are cooperating with authorities.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : Socialite Cam Magani's body was found
UNK: News Reporter Woman : murdered in the vehicle you see behind me.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : Magani may be the latest victim of "Netslayer,"
UNK: News Reporter Woman : the mysterious online figure
UNK: News Reporter Woman : who claimed responsibility for the murder of Abby Smith,
UNK: News Reporter Woman : then posted gruesome images of her body.
UNK: News Reporter Woman : With the city and Internet roiling with fear,
UNK: News Reporter Woman : many are asking, who will this serial killer strike next?
UNK: News Reporter Woman : And when will authorities stop him?
UNK: This guy is getting exactly what he wanted. Attention.
UNK: Gates This Guy Is Getting Exactly What He Wanted : And it's making him bolder. So, where do we stand?
Beckett : Sir, it looks like the killer hid in the backseat of Cam's car,
Beckett : waited for him to get in, and then slit his throat.
Gates : How did he get in the car?
Ryan : Well, we're not sure,
Ryan : but CSU found plastic fragments inside the door lock.
UNK: Might be from a lockpick.
Beckett : So far, there's no prints or DNA,
Esposito : and all we know for sure is that the killer was right-handed.
Gates : And we paid too high a cost for that knowledge.
Gates : Detective, bring me some good news before we lose another one.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Castle : Can't help but think if only I'd figured it out sooner,
UNK: maybe he'd still be alive.
Beckett : It wouldn't have mattered.
Beckett : The game was rigged from the start.
Beckett : We never had a chance. The killer just wanted us to think we did.
Beckett : And now the Netslayer is gonna gain
Beckett : more notoriety and more followers.
Castle : He already has.
Castle : He's at over half a million so far,
UNK: adding thousands more by the minute.
Tory : Detective Beckett? Two more pictures just came in.
Tory : Something different this time.
Tory : This one was uploaded first.
Tory : Proof of death, I guess you'd call it.
Tory : Then he sent this one.
Beckett : Castle, it's us, before the first crime scene.
UNK: "NYPD is on the case.
UNK: "Feel safe, New York? You shouldn't.
UNK: "I'm not done."
Beckett : He's been watching us from the beginning.
UNK: This guy has been ahead of us the whole time.
UNK: Tory Ellis : Detective Beckett? A word?
Gates : 1PP saw that picture, too.