Beckett : saying that if you get sent to the supermax unit.
Beckett : Where we put our most dangerous and violent inmates.
Beckett : You'll be on lockdown there 24/7 for the rest of your life.
Adam : Can't be any worse than high school.
Beckett : Really? And you think that you were bullied?
Beckett : Well, prison is going to take you places that you can't imagine.
Beckett : Guy like you? Young, teachable?
Gates : Doesn't matter. I already have what I want.
Beckett : And what do you think you have?
Adam : A legacy.
Adam : The Internet is permanent.
Adam : The Netslayer will live forever.
Adam : I'll be mentioned in the same breath as Manson and the Zodiac.
UNK: And if I commit a murder while in police custody,
Adam : while looking you in the eye,
Adam : I could argue I did them one better.
Adam : And there's nothing you can do to stop me.
Beckett : Adam, you need help. You're sick. Let me get you...
Adam : I'm sick?
Adam : Nobody had to follow me.
Adam : No one has to vote for Kent or Oren.
Adam : But they can't help themselves.
UNK: They wanna be a part of it. They have to watch.
UNK: So who is really sick?
Garrett : He wasn't always like that.
Garrett : If I could go back and do it over again...
Castle : You didn't make him this way.
Garrett : Yeah, but I didn't stop it.
Garrett : And now I can't stop these two guys from dying.
Castle : If anyone can break him, it's Detective Beckett.
Castle : And there's still a chance Snappamatic can help us.
UNK: How we doin'?
Evan : Coding's not like flipping a switch.
Evan : It takes a little while.
UNK: We don't have a while, Evan. We have 15 minutes to find these guys.
Evan : I'm going as fast as I can!
Evan : Kent was working on a software patch
Evan : that would disable the program's privacy protocols.
Ryan : And if we disable the protocols,
Ryan : we can track where these photos are coming from?
UNK: Yes. I mean, in theory.
Evan : The thing is, we've never done it before.
Evan : I don't know if it'll work.
Esposito : Our canvass didn't turn up a single witness to the abduction.
Esposito : We're nowhere, bro. Tell me you got something.
Ryan : About to find out.
UNK: Okay, let's do this.
Castle : What happened?
Evan : System crash. We're locked out!
UNK: Well, get it back up.
UNK: We got 15 minutes before these guys are dead.
UNK: It takes 20 minutes to reboot!
Garrett : What just happened?
Castle : Whatever they were trying didn't go well.
Castle : The site just crashed.
Garrett : So there's no way to trace those feeds of Oren and Kent?
Garrett : And that timer will just keep counting down
UNK: until one of them is dead?
Castle : It's all up to Beckett now.
Beckett : Adam, just answer one question and it might save your life.
Ryan : Where are Oren and Kent?
UNK: Ah!
Adam : If you cops were capable of doing your jobs, you'd know.
Adam : And, looking back, maybe none of this would've ever happened.
Beckett : Look, a horrible thing was done to you.
Beckett : But how is killing two more people going to fix that?
UNK: How is that gonna heal you? It won't.
Castle : It will.
UNK: Don't you see that I've already won?
UNK: I'll tell you what.
UNK: Admit that I've won and I'll give you a hint.
UNK: I'll give you a chance to find Kent or Oren before...
Beckett : Fine. You won.
Beckett : Now give me the hint.
Adam : Changed my mind.
Garrett : Seven minutes left.
UNK: She's gotta make a move. Shake him up somehow.
Castle : She will.
UNK: Netslayer. That's evocative.
UNK: I could... I could see how you would pick that.
Beckett : I picture a hooded figure in all black.
Beckett : Tall, muscular, maybe carrying an ax.
Beckett : But you know what I don't picture, Adam? What nobody pictures?
UNK: You.
UNK: You think that you've won? You haven't.
Beckett : Everyone else has.
Adam : What do you mean, "Everyone else"?
Beckett : Everyone who ever bullied you, who ever hurt you,
Beckett : belittled you,
Beckett : who thought that you were weak and worthless and small.
Beckett : And you know what, Adam? They were right.
Adam : No, they weren't. I am not any of those things.
Beckett : You're all of them and worse.
Adam : I am what people made me.
Beckett : You were born this way. Or your mommy made you.
Beckett : But Tim Witherspoon and the rest of the kids at school?
Beckett : They didn't break you.
Beckett : You were already broken.
Beckett : They only sensed what you were and what you're about to become.
Beckett : So, you know what?
Beckett : In a way, their bullying wasn't enough.
Adam : How can you say that to me? I'm the victim here.
Beckett : And you're always gonna be a victim.
Beckett : You think that hiding behind a username and killing
Beckett : is going to change that?
Beckett : That won't get you respect.
UNK: You're always gonna be the same
Beckett : pathetic loser that you always were!
Adam : I am not a loser!
Beckett : And when you abducted Kent and Oren,
Beckett : I bet the two of them looked at each other and thought,
UNK: "Are we being punked here?"
Adam : Believe me, they didn't.
Beckett : They think it's a joke. They're afraid.
UNK: They're terrified by...
Beckett : They're sharing a laugh right now about you.
Adam : They are not laughing!
UNK: She just got him to say that they're together.
Beckett : They're laughing. They're laughing right now.
Adam : Well, not for long.
Adam : That clock will hit zero,
Adam : and their screams will echo off the tiled walls
Adam : as they take in their last breath of stale air.
Adam : And then? They'll both fry!
Garrett : Tiled walls and stale air?
Garrett : That was how he talked about the locker room at his school.
Castle : Where Witherspoon put him on video.
Castle : He's bringing this thing full circle.
Castle : What was the name of that high school?
Garrett : Harding High. But they moved to a new campus.
Garrett : The original building is shut down.
UNK: Beckett!