Castle : should not throw stones.
Martha : Point taken.
Castle : What's the good word?
Beckett : - Sunshine Electronics. - That's two words.
UNK: Nope, that's where Jenna McBoyd bought her new cell phone.
Woman : - What? - So, I was talking
Beckett : to her husband last night, and on a hunch I ask him about her cell phone.
Beckett : He said it wouldn't accommodate a recording app.
Beckett : So, I checked into her credit card receipts.
Beckett : She bought a new cell phone the day she died. And it had GPS in it,
Beckett : which she had the foresight to switch on.
Castle : - You found it? - In a dumpster on West 81 st.
Beckett : Uniforms are bringing it in now.
Castle : So far, it's happening just like he said it did.
Beckett : This is when he said she grabbed the weapon.
Beckett : Sounds like she left the place alive.
Ryan : - Doesn't mean he didn't go after her. - Yeah, if he was gonna kill her,
Esposito : he wouldn't let her leave the apartment.
Castle : Shh. It's still going.
Castle : So, what's our plan?
Beckett : Make him confess.
Castle : I don't think he's gonna crack that easy.
Castle : I mean, what if he figures out we only have a partial recording?
Castle : That the memory on the phone ran out before the actual murder took place?
Alexis : He won't.
Castle : We... We don't have any proof that he did it.
Castle : I mean, what if he shuts down and doesn't talk?
Alexis : - He won't. - He's not a stupid man.
Castle : - He might ask for a lawyer. - He won't. Look, let me handle this.
Beckett : You can go in if you want, but don't speak.
Rina : - I just... - Don't speak.
Travis : Okay, wait. She was recording me?
UNK: You followed her to Farrow's party Sunday night,
Beckett : and then to Monroe's apartment.
Travis : You don't understand! She just... She'd been acting so strange lately.
Travis : And then Sierra tells me about this photographer.
Beckett : You talked with Sierra about Wyatt Monroe?
Travis : She was worried about me and Jenna. That it was more than just business
Travis : between them. Something was going on.
Travis : Look, once this was in my head, I couldn't stop thinking about it.
Travis : Yeah, I followed her to the party.
Travis : They were together.
Travis : When she didn't go home and she went to his place instead, I knew.