Martha : This is a potential gold mine. If it's a hit, who knows
Martha : how long it could run? Then I could take it on the road.
Alexis : - You mean you'd leave us? - Well, only for nine months of the year.
Martha : Oh, don't look so sad. And, you, don't look so happy.
UNK: Castle. I'll be right there. All right.
UNK: Death. Murder. Mayhem.
UNK: Whole enchilada. Sorry to bail on rehearsal.
Martha : Don't worry. Alexis can read both parts.
Martha : It's all right if she misses a morning of school, isn't it?
Alexis : - Take me with you. - To a crime scene?
Alexis : It'd be educational. Please?
Castle : Find your own hiding place.
Esposito : Caucasian female. A couple of skinny dippers
Esposito : - found her this morning. - Bet that killed the mood.
Ryan : Purse is missing. No ID. And get this, we couldn't find her shoes.
Castle : I'm gonna go with, still with Prince Charming at the ball.
Castle : Should we look for a pumpkin and some mice?
Castle : I guess not.
Beckett : Canvass the buildings surrounding the plaza and get uniforms
Beckett : to check trash cans and dumpsters for her purse.
Ryan : Aye, aye.
Beckett : Hi, Lanie. - Hey.
Beckett : - Cause of death? - Stabbing.
Lanie : There's a fatal wound in her back.
Lanie : - Maybe a robbery gone wrong. Maybe.
Beckett : We gotta find out who she is and what she was doing here
Beckett : - so late, though. - Well, she's tall, she's gorgeous,
UNK: 10 pounds underweight. Her hair is fried,
Castle : she's wearing too much eye makeup. She's a model.
Castle : Which means she was probably at a club last night.
Castle : It is, after all, Fashion Week, when all the hottest women in the world
Castle : descend upon the hippest nightspots like locusts.
Castle : - Only, locusts eat. - Can you tell me who killed her?
UNK: - Then pipe down. This was on her wrist.
Beckett : She was at a club.
Beckett : That's Teddy Farrow's logo.
Beckett : He designs clothes for women. Upscale, expensive.
Castle : My credit card and I are painfully aware of Teddy's designs.
Castle : I almost asked for custody of them after my last divorce.
Beckett : Is there a label in her dress?
Lanie : Teddy Farrow Collection.
Beckett : Well, if she is one of his models, maybe he can identify her for us.
Beckett : - Thank you, Lanie. - You're welcome.
Castle : I can already see the blurb on my next book jacket.
Castle : "It's Fashion Week in New York City, and the clothes are to die for."
Man : - Five minutes, people! - That's Jenna. Jenna McBoyd.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was supposed to walk for me today.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : My God, what happened?
Beckett : She was stabbed sometime this morning.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I can't believe it. I mean, I saw her last night at my party.
Beckett : Did you notice anything unusual at the party?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was agitated. But that wasn't so unusual for her these days.
UNK: Female Assistant #1 : - Which one? - That one.
Man : - Okay. - Any idea what was wrong?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yeah. She was stressed out. Hey! Not the pink sash, the blue one.
UNK: Female Assistant #2 : Sorry, sir. - Look, Jenna was a small-town girl.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - I mean, straight off the bus from Ohio. - You're saying she was an innocent?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was a rising star, but she wasn't ready
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - for what was coming her way. - What do you mean?
Man : Four minutes, people! Four minutes.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean I was thinking of making her the face of my campaign.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : That would have meant photo shoots, magazines, billboards in Times Square,
UNK: Teddy Farrow : travel, not to mention a very generous paycheck.
Castle : That seems to be all pretty heady stuff for a naive young girl.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : In recent weeks, she'd become so bad-tempered, paranoid.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I'd started to wonder if she wasn't too inexperienced
UNK: Teddy Farrow : for a major campaign.
Beckett : You said that she was paranoid.
Beckett : - Any chance she was doing drugs? - Not her style.
Wyatt : Teddy, if you want me to shoot the girls,
Wyatt : you need to get that boy-band poseur out of my seat.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Wyatt, I'll take care of it.
Beckett : Mr. Farrow, just a couple more questions.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yes, but quickly, please.
Beckett : Who was Jenna with last night
Beckett : at your party?
Beckett : Castle, focus.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I only saw her briefly. She spent most of her time
UNK: Teddy Farrow : with Sierra, her best friend. That's Sierra there,
UNK: Teddy Farrow : with the wedding gown. So, if that's all, now I really must take care
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - of last-minute details. - One last thing.
Castle : When Jenna left your party, was she wearing shoes?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yes, Christian Louboutin pink satin pumps I'd lent her for the evening.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : The dress she was wearing was a one-of-a-kind.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I don't suppose we can have it returned?
Beckett : It's in evidence now. And it has a hole in the back of it,
Beckett : - where she was stabbed. - Sorry.
Rina : Rick Castle, it's so funny I ran into you today.
Rina : - I just bought this on my way in. - Oh, look at that. It's my cover.
Beckett : - And it's on stands already. - "Richard Castle gets the inspiration
UNK: "from New York's finest." That's nice, right?
Rina : - Could you... - Yes, absolutely.
Castle : - Who should I make it out to? - You don't remember me?
Castle : - Yes, of course I do. Yeah, you're... - Rina.
Castle : Rina. Yes. We met at that party. With that, that thing.
Castle : That was late, it was crazy, that... Wow, what a night.
Man : Let's go, models, take your places.
Man : I need you up here and in line.
UNK: Here.
Rina : Call me.
Castle : You're in here, too, you know.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Sierra : Oh, God, I feel sick. And I'm wearing her gown.
Sierra : She was supposed to close the show today, not me.
Sierra : I called her this morning like a million times,