Beckett : Maybe Sierra was slipping them into her drinks
Beckett : when Teddy Farrow was around, to make her seem crazy or paranoid.
Beckett : What are those two doing here?
Beckett : Okay, guys, what's going on?
Esposito : Tech managed to recover the deleted photos from Will James' memory card.
Esposito : He might not have been Jenna's killer, but he was definitely her stalker.
Beckett : You drove all the way down here just to show me this?
Ryan : We thought you'd want them right away.
UNK: - That is so thoughtful of you guys. - What do you think, Beckett?
Ryan : - You missing the glamorous life? - The what life?
Esposito : - Castle, hey, is your, your girl here? - Rina.
Beckett : Rina used to baby-sit Alexis, fellas.
Beckett : So, as far as Big Rick here is concerned,
Beckett : she might as well be wearing
Beckett : - a chastity belt. - Thank you for that visual image.
Castle : That's... And also, thank you for calling me "Big Rick."
Esposito : Hey, by the way, our buddy Will has a girlfriend we might want to talk to.
Esposito : There's some photos of her right here in the back.
Ryan : - Mmm. Naked photos. - Castle, check this out.
Beckett : Look at naked pictures? If you insist.
Castle : She's Will James' girlfriend?
UNK: It looks like Teddy Farrow isn't the only guy
Castle : that Sierra was modeling for.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Have you any idea of the spectacle you just caused?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean, why the hell would you drag
UNK: Teddy Farrow : the face of my campaign out of my launch party
UNK: Teddy Farrow : and bring her down here as if she was some sort of criminal?
Beckett : - Because she is. Will James' confession.
Esposito : He admits Sierra hired him to take the stalker photos of Jenna.
Esposito : He even helped her write the letters.
Esposito : And he claims he was supplying Sierra with Addmair.
Beckett : She was dosing Jenna.
Beckett : She was trying to make her seem paranoid around you.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Why would she do that?
Castle : To prey on the fears of a naive couple, pressure them into moving back to Ohio
Castle : - so Sierra could take her place. - Mr. Farrow, have you ever heard
Beckett : of the expression, "I would kill for that job"?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : But she was my face. My face!
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean, have you any idea what this will do to me, the scandal?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : It will taint the entire spring line!
Beckett : A girl is dead, Mr. Farrow. Does that mean anything to you?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : It doesn't mean my business should suffer.
Beckett : - They're just clothes. Just clothes, Detective?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Clothes are civilization.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Clothes are what separate us from animals.
Beckett : Not always.