Beckett : Was there anyone that you can think of
Beckett : - that would want to do harm to Jenna? - You're kidding, right?
Travis : We filed the reports. Didn't the other cops send them
Travis : - to you guys? - Reports?
Travis : For harassment. Some guy was sending Jenna letters,
Travis : like, writing all sorts of sick things. He was taking pictures of her, too.
Travis : It's like he was watching us all the time. She was falling apart.
Travis : I mean, we both were. Hell, we almost moved back home.
Beckett : - And you filed a report? - Yeah. A dozen of them,
Travis : and every time you people said the same damn thing.
Travis : That this is New York and you got more important things to do
Travis : than to track down some annoying fan. And now she's dead.
Travis : My wife is dead.
Ryan : The letters were mailed from the SoHo post office.
Ryan : - No return address. No signature. - So, the anonymous stalker didn't write
Esposito : down his name and number.
Ryan : Yeah, I'm just saying.
Castle : "I saw you today in the subway.
UNK: "Did you see me? I wanted to taste you."
Esposito : That's pretty sick stuff.
Beckett : But he doesn't make any direct threats. That's why Jenna and Travis couldn't
Beckett : get the beat cops to take them seriously.
Castle : Boy, two small-town kids go to the big city to follow their dreams and then this.
Castle : Not the fairy-tale ending they were looking for, I'm sure.
Esposito : You know, to take these shots, he would have had to have been
Esposito : on a rooftop pretty close to the apartment.
Beckett : No wonder she was freaked out. Find the roof, see if there's anything
Beckett : up there that we can use to identify him.
Beckett : Those cops let Jenna down once. We're not gonna do it again.
Castle : Hello! I'm home, and I brought Chow Fun.
Alexis : Hey, Dad. - Hey.
Alexis : Oh, nice. But I already picked up a copy on my way home.
Castle : - Well, did you read it? Was she kind? - The writer loved you.
Alexis : She loved Detective Beckett.
Alexis : She even loved the book. It was your basic puff piece.
Castle : Well, I'm sure my mother will find something to say that will keep me
Castle : - from getting too puffed. - Not tonight, she won't.
Alexis : She's in her room, mourning the death of her career.
Castle : - She didn't get that play? - She did. Just not the part she wanted.
Alexis : The producers said she's not right to play the lead.
Alexis : They want her to play the crazy granny.
Castle : Oh, the crazy granny.
Alexis : - Who dies in act one. - Oh.
Alexis : - Offstage. - Oh.
UNK: No.
Alexis : - You expecting a call? - A call back, actually.
Castle : I met a nice young woman at Fashion Week.
Castle : I left her a message about an hour ago.
Castle : A model?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : Gee, Dad. Picking up hotties while you're working a case?
Castle : She picked me up, as a matter of fact.
Castle : She said we knew each other from somewhere.
Alexis : It's a curse, being so irresistible.
Alexis : What's this one's name? Lola? Bree? Tatiana?
Rina : - Rina. - Did you say "Rina"?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Blonde hair?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Bambi eyes?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Cute little overbite?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Dad, you know Rina.
Alexis : - She used to baby-sit me. - She used to what you?
Sierra : - Like, a million times. - I vaguely remember a...
Castle : Like, a gangly girl with stringy hair and braces named Katrina.
Alexis : That's the one. She did the whole ugly-duckling-to-swan thing,
Alexis : shortened her name and became a model.
Alexis : That's so funny that you ran into her. The world is really small.
Castle : Yeah. Small and cruel.
UNK: I'm putting the time of death
UNK: - between 2 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. - She left the party at midnight.
Castle : - So, where was she for two hours? - Any signs of sexual assault?
Lanie : No, but she put up a fight.
Lanie : There's some bruising on her arms and hands,
Lanie : her dress was torn, there's a cut inside of her cheek,
Lanie : indicating that she was slapped hard. But here's the weird part.
Lanie : She was stabbed with something long and sharp.
Lanie : It wasn't your typical blade.
Beckett : - How so? Well, based on the wound,
Lanie : I made a reconstruction. It's four-sided. It's slimmer at the tip
Lanie : and gets progressively wider at the base.
Lanie : Also, I found traces of glass in the wound.
Beckett : She was stabbed with the Washington Monument?
Beckett : Excuse me.
Beckett : Esposito, any luck?
Esposito : Yeah. Rooftop is right across the street
Beckett : You find anything?
Esposito : Lots of cigarette butts, soda cans. And an empty package
Esposito : for a digital camera memory card.
Beckett : Get it to CSU, see if you can pull any prints.
Esposito : On our way.
Beckett : Anything else?
UNK: Yeah. Preliminary tox screen indicates her blood alcohol was 0.02,
Lanie : and there were traces of Addmair in her system.
Castle : What's that?
Lanie : It's a form of speed, usually prescribed
Lanie : to people with ADD. But models have been known to buy it off the street
Lanie : - and use it for weight loss. - So much for her being anti-drug.
Castle : I guess the job and the stalker weren't the only things making her tense.
Beckett : Do you find it odd Jenna had a stalker?
Castle : No, not really. Why?
Beckett : Well, she wasn't Heidi Klum. She hadn't even had a national campaign.
Castle : Well, maybe the guy figured he was getting in on the ground floor,
Castle : stalker-wise, you know. Beat the rush.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Couldn't resist, could you?
UNK: Pretty nice write-up, huh?
Beckett : Yeah. If you like those sorts of fluff pieces.
Castle : Fluff? The reporter made you sound
Castle : like you're a cross between Sherlock Holmes and Angelina Jolie.