UNK: performance-enhancing or otherwise.
Beckett : And from the high levels of chloride ion in his blood,
UNK: she's sure the burns came from chlorine.
Castle : So, our heavily accented killer
Castle : rendered Zack unconscious with a chlorine-soaked rag.
UNK: We don't know that he's a killer.
Castle : Is this the face of an innocent man?
Castle : He had a heated argument with our victim the night before he was killed.
Beckett : And what would his motive be, exactly?
UNK: He...
Esposito : I may have a line on that.
Esposito : I'm looking at Zack's financials.
Esposito : The guy only had a partial scholarship.
Esposito : He still paid for most of his tuition, books and living expenses,
Esposito : all without taking student loans.
Esposito : He didn't have a job and his mom was just squeaking by.
Castle : And NCAA rules preclude him
Castle : from receiving any financial assistance from outside his family.
Esposito : So, where did he get that money?
Castle : You think maybe he borrowed money from the wrong guys
Castle : to finance his dream?
Esposito : And when he couldn't make the payments, they came after him.
Castle : That would explain the argument.
UNK: Esposito.
Beckett : We don't even know that there is an argument,
Beckett : and the only evidence we have
Beckett : is a sketch of a man that Bridget claims she saw.
UNK: All right. Thanks.
UNK: Uniforms just got to Zack's place.
UNK: Looks like it's been tossed.
Castle : This place looks like my first apartment.
Castle : We used to have cockroach races.
UNK: I wonder if that's how Kafka got the idea.
Castle : Looks like Zack didn't do his chores.
Beckett : Zack was killed and then his place gets trashed.
Beckett : Not a coincidence.
Castle : You think maybe this was part of a debt-collection effort?
Beckett : Then why'd they leave the TV and the laptop?
Castle : Or the medical supplies.
Castle : Dental pick.
Castle : You think plaque slows you down in the water?
Beckett : They were looking for something specific.
Beckett : You don't rip through a mattress unless you've run out of places to look.
Beckett : Maybe they didn't find what they were looking for.
Castle : Maybe it's still here and it was just too well-hidden.
UNK: What?
UNK: Medication?
Castle : Only one thing I know of comes in little vials like that.
Castle : Anabolic steroids.
Beckett : Zack's clean. Why would he have steroids?
Castle : Maybe he's not as clean as we thought.
UNK: Yep. It's steroids, all right.
Beckett : I thought you said Zack wasn't using steroids.
UNK: - The test wouldn't pick up stuff like this. - Why not?
Lanie : It's loaded with masking agents and designed to beat the test.
Lanie : Virtually untraceable unless you look for it specifically.
Beckett : - So, he was using. - Nope.
Lanie : I went back and tested for this, too. Your boy is steroid-free.
Beckett : Well, if he wasn't using steroids, then what was he doing with them?
UNK: "Virtually undetectable."
Castle : Where does a drug like that come from?
Lanie : There's been some talk about a new
Lanie : "beat the test" performance-enhancing drug
Lanie : being developed somewhere in Eastern Europe.
Lanie : Eastern Europe.
UNK: Home of the hard-to-identify accent.
Beckett : Given how great everyone says Zack was,
Beckett : this whole steroids thing just doesn't make sense.
Castle : Well, we know he needed the money.
Beckett : If he wasn't using, maybe he was dealing.
UNK: That definitely would've given him the cash needed to make ends meet.
Beckett : Yeah, but he only had a couple of vials.
Castle : Maybe he was low on inventory.
Castle : And the man Zack was arguing with, our secretive Slav,