UNK: Tommy Marcone : You got the wrong guy.
Beckett : Remember when?
UNK: You're still on probation, aren't you?
UNK: I've got a couple of questions about Zack Lindsey's murder.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Why you gotta sweat me in front of the whole bar?
Beckett : What do you want me to do? Take you downtown?
Beckett : I know that the two of you were stealing cars together.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Can't prove that.
Beckett : I know that the two of you were friends.
Beckett : I know that I've got Zack's prints on a stolen car,
Beckett : and I also know that you have priors.
Castle : And since you two were friends,
Castle : we thought maybe you'd care that Zack's laying on a slab
Castle : and thought you might want to help him.
UNK: Aaron Choi : He's dead.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Ain't nothing I can do now.
Beckett : Why don't you tell me where you were
UNK: between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. the night of the murder.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : You're wasting your time.
Castle : You ever see this man?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : No, and your watch is too expensive for a cop's.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : So, Detective, who's this guy?
UNK: He's the guy buying a round for the house.
Beckett : Tommy, if you know something, you should talk.
Castle : Hey, everybody, a round for the house, in memory of Zack Lindsey.
Bartender : Zack was a great kid.
Bartender : Everybody around here loved him. Tommy included.
Castle : Grand theft auto, conspiracy to sell stolen vehicles,
Esposito : assault, assault with a deadly weapon.
Esposito : He immigrated to the US when he was 28.
UNK: But he was born Janusz Lenadovsky in Minsk, Belarus.
Castle : Belarus. I knew it! That's right next to Lithuania.
Esposito : Says here that he owns an auto repair shop on Avenue U.
Esposito : Watch your backs on this one. This guy's dangerous.
UNK: There.
Esposito : Jimmy Lennon.
Ryan : NYPD... Hey!
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : Hey, hey! NYPD!
UNK: This is clean business. I fix these cars.
Beckett : Really? I bet the people who own them would be surprised to hear that.
Beckett : Now, I want to know about Zack Lindsey.
UNK: Jimmy Lennon : I know nothing.
Beckett : Not the best three words to have fallen out of your mouth, Jimmy.
Castle : I was half expecting "moose and squirrel."
Beckett : You're going to jail. How long depends on you.
UNK: Jimmy Lennon : Jail in your country is vacation.
Beckett : Then I will make it very difficult.
Beckett : Here's what I think. I think that Zack stole cars for you,
Beckett : but he had bigger plans and he told you he wanted out.
Beckett : You were worried he couldn't keep his mouth shut.
Beckett : So you threatened him and told him, "There's no walking out of this."
Beckett : And when he didn't change his mind,
Beckett : you followed him to the pool and you killed him.
Beckett : Is there anything you want to add to that?
Beckett : You should help yourself, Jimmy. This is your last chance.
UNK: "Swim for gold."
UNK: What?
Castle : There's a car over there with the license plate "Swim for gold."
UNK: Whoa!
Beckett : This car is registered to a Brian Morris of Greenwich, Connecticut.
UNK: Coach Rome : Brian Morris.
Castle : That's one of Zack's teammates. It's his main rival.