Beckett : So, Benjamin Morris finds out that his son is being blackmailed,
Beckett : and the one phone call he makes is to Dr. Colabro?
Beckett : The only reason that that would make sense is if...
UNK: Dr. Colabro knew about the steroids. Maybe even supplied them.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : I don't supply steroids to anyone.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Never have, never will.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Seen the long-term damage they cause.
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : Far as I'm concerned, the stuff's poison.
Beckett : And what about Brian Morris? Is he a patient of yours?
UNK: That's confidential information.
Beckett : His father called you seven times in a two-hour period on Tuesday.
Beckett : What did the two of you talk about?
UNK: That's confidential as well.
UNK: Dr. Colabro, your clientele is mostly high-profile athletes.
Beckett : How fast do you think they'll abandon ship
Beckett : once they find out you were talking with us about steroids?
Castle : I'm guessing fast,
Castle : and when they find out it's steroids and murder,
Castle : it'll jump to light speed.
UNK: Murder?
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : You think I'm mixed up in a murder?
Beckett : I think that it would be in your best interest to help us.
Beckett : Tell us what you and Benjamin Morris talked about.
Castle : And point of fact,
Castle : Brian was your patient.
Castle : But I'm guessing his father was not.
Castle : So, confidentiality really doesn't apply.
Castle : How's this?
UNK: Hypothetically,
Castle : why would an overbearing father of a steroid-using swimmer call you?
UNK: "Hypothetically,"
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : he might have asked how long a certain banned drug
UNK: would remain detectable in someone's system.
Castle : Worried his son would test positive.
Beckett : And what else might have come up?
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : That the way an athlete can avoid testing
UNK: Dr. Rex Calabro : is if he's injured and temporarily withdraws from the sport.
UNK: Hypothetically.
UNK: Hypothetically.
Esposito : I'll get a warrant. Check Colabro's office for steroids.
Beckett : You won't find any.
Beckett : Benjamin called him to concoct a strategy
Beckett : to protect Brian's eligibility.
Beckett : This is damage control, not murder.
UNK: Well, looks like the strategy's been put into effect.
Esposito : Brian quit the swim team, said he injured his shoulder.
Castle : No swim team, no drug testing.
Ryan : So, I checked Lanie's report on the steroids
Ryan : against the file I got from Vice.
Ryan : They intercepted a shipment of similar steroids
Ryan : that came to New York from a lab in Romania.
Beckett : So, let's look into Brian's life, see if there's any connection to Romania.
Beckett : If we can find a connect,
Beckett : then hopefully we'll be able to find Zack's killer.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Kate, you ready?
Beckett : Yeah, let me just go get my purse.
Castle : You guys are going out again tonight?
UNK: Alex Conrad : What can I say? She's a wealth of information.
UNK: Alex Conrad : You are lucky to have her.
Castle : Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Castle : Too bad about tonight, though.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Too bad how?
Castle : Well, it's poker night. Lehane and Connelly are in town.
Castle : I thought you might want to join us, but if you have plans...
UNK: No way. You're inviting me to your mystery writers' poker night?
Castle : Come on, you're a mystery writer now, right?
UNK: Alex Conrad : Yeah, but those guys are legendary. I mean...
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, they are.
UNK: Well, if you're unavailable.
UNK: Three, two, one.
UNK: Well, wait, wait, wait.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Hang on a second.
UNK: Yeah,
Castle : they're gonna love you.
UNK: Gentlemen.
UNK: Michael Connelly : This the new guy?
Castle : Alex Conrad, Michael Connelly, Dennis Lehane.
UNK: Alex Conrad : It's really awesome to meet you guys. I am a huge fan.
UNK: Michael Connelly : It's not a book signing, kid, we're here to play poker.
UNK: All right.
Castle : That's Cannell's seat.
UNK: And that's the rule. We lose a member, nobody sits there for a year.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Dennis Lehane : So, we were just talking about our books becoming movies.
UNK: Michael Connelly : So, what about your book, kid? They gonna make it into a movie?
UNK: Alex Conrad : Not yet.
UNK: Michael Connelly : So, Ricky, what's going on with the dead swimmer?
Castle : Treading water. Dennis, your bet.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Reads like a crime of passion to me. I bet the girlfriend did it.
UNK: Michael Connelly : The girlfriend? You're kidding, right?
UNK: You move through the girlfriend no later than page 50.
UNK: Dennis Lehane : Yeah, the woman scorned is like the oldest rodeo clown in the book.