Montgomery : Maybe Daddy cleaned up his mess.
Castle : Or he hired someone to do it for him.
Beckett : Ryan, can you look into the Morris' financials?
Beckett : Look for large payments made around the time of the murder,
Beckett : especially cash withdrawals.
Ryan : Already on it.
Ryan : The dad is a hedge fund manager,
Ryan : so you practically need an MBA to follow the money.
Ryan : But there was something about the kid.
Ryan : There was a bond.
UNK: - As in bail bonds? - As in savings bond.
Ryan : Three days after Brian's car was stolen,
Ryan : he cashed in a savings bond in the amount of $25,000.
Montgomery : That's enough to hire a hit man.
Castle : Especially in today's competitive job market.
Esposito : Did Brian Morris cash that bond at Greenwich Federal Bank?
Ryan : Matter of fact, he did. What do you got?
Esposito : We just searched Thomas Marcone's place.
Esposito : Found tools of the auto theft trade, but we also found this.
Beckett : That looks like 25 grand.
Esposito : And guess where it's from.
Esposito : Greenwich Federal Bank.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I didn't kill Zack.
Beckett : Tommy, it seems like every time you open your mouth, another lie falls out.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : But I'm not lying!
Beckett : Then why did you take 25 grand from Brian Morris?
Castle : A man you characterized as a "cheating bastard," as I recall.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Okay, I may have gotten Zack killed, but not the way you think.
Castle : It was blackmail.
Castle : You blackmailed Brian Morris.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Him being on steroids,
UNK: you know, I figured that knowledge was worth something.
Beckett : Was Zack in on this?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : He would've kicked my ass up and down 18th Avenue if he found out.
Beckett : And been justified.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Look, Brian didn't know me, and I figured he wouldn't pay
UNK: Tommy Marcone : if he got blackmailed by some anonymous mook.
Beckett : So you pretended to be Zack.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I used the library computer and Zack's email account.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I emailed Brian
UNK: Tommy Marcone : saying I had his roids and I was gonna rat him out
UNK: Tommy Marcone : unless he put 25 grand into a paper bag
UNK: Tommy Marcone : and left it underneath the bench at the quad.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : When the coast was clear, I picked it up.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I never meant for anyone to get hurt.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I'd like that phone call now.
Beckett : Okay, so, Zack stole Brian's stash,
Beckett : and because of Tommy,
Beckett : Brian thought that Zack was blackmailing him.
Beckett : Brian's motive just keeps getting stronger and stronger.
Castle : Almost like it's on steroids.
UNK: - Miss DiNovi. - Tommy Marcone called.
UNK: He said you had him in here. He said Brian Morris killed my son.
Montgomery : We don't know all that. We just know he's a person of interest.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : So, why didn't you arrest him?
Montgomery : We don't have enough to hold him.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : And he's the son of a millionaire. I bet that doesn't hurt either.
Montgomery : Around here, it's about the evidence, not how fat someone's wallet is.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Yeah, well, I live in the real world.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : And I know that boy's family
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : and they're gonna do whatever it takes to protect him, because they can.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Captain, Zack's all I had.
Beckett : We can't figure out if Brian is connected to the murder
Beckett : until we find the real killer.
UNK: Then you're going to have to dig deeper.
Montgomery : If Brian and his family are involved, then there's gotta be a connection,
Montgomery : and I want it found.
UNK: All right, great, thank you.
UNK: We struck out again.
UNK: The Morris' house in Connecticut is gated
UNK: and the security company says that nobody left the night of the murder.
UNK: These guys have everything covered.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: What?
UNK: Zack's email account, the one Tommy used to ask Brian for a donation.
UNK: The blackmail message was sent at 3 : 02 p.m.
UNK: You'd think that would've caused a flurry of telephone calls.
UNK: But he only made one call right after, 3 : 19.
Beckett : That's the father's office in New York.
Beckett : Do we have the dad's records?
UNK: Yeah, I got it right here. Starting at 3 : 21 p.m.,
UNK: Benjamin Morris made about a dozen phone calls,
UNK: all to the same 212 number.
Esposito : Run it.
UNK: It's a Dr. Rex Colabro.
Esposito : He's got a sports medicine practice.
UNK: He's got a lot of big-time athletes as clients.