Castle : In my version, I gently foster the glowing embers of talent,
Castle : fanning them into a literary wildfire.
UNK: He's going to be in town and asked to get together with me.
Castle : He wants to learn more about my writing process.
UNK: And by process, you mean
Martha : your procrastination until the very last second.
Alexis : And then writing out of a desperate panic
Alexis : in a caffeine-induced haze?
Martha : - That one? - No, not that one.
Castle : The one where I find authenticity
Castle : by doing hands-on research with the NYPD.
Castle : So I'm having Alex meet me at the precinct later on today.
Martha : Beckett will be thrilled with that.
Castle : Beckett, I'm sure she won't mind.
Alexis : You haven't told her yet?
UNK: I'm sure she will be fine with it.
Castle : Fine with it? Why would I be fine with it?
Castle : Okay. I'm sorry.
Castle : Come on, he's a writer.
Castle : How much trouble could he possibly be?
Castle : So, is that a yes?
Castle : Is that a no?
Beckett : Hey, Lanie.
Beckett : - Hey. - Who's this?
Lanie : Zack Lindsey. A standout on the UNY swim team.
Lanie : Or he was, before he drowned.
Castle : How does a champion swimmer drown?
Lanie : He had help.
Beckett : - Burns? - From a caustic substance.
Lanie : Someone put a rag to his face soaked in the stuff.
Lanie : He passed out from the fumes, then was dumped in the pool to drown.
Lanie : Based on water and body temp,
UNK: I'd say between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 this morning.
Beckett : And what was the substance?
Lanie : I won't know till I get him back to the shop.
Beckett : Who found him?
Ryan : Zack's teammates, when they showed up for 6 : 00 a.m. swim practice.
UNK: All right, let's talk to his teammates,
Beckett : find out if anyone had it in for Zack
Beckett : and let's figure out where they were between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : I'll go talk to Zack's coach.
UNK: Coach Rome : It just doesn't seem real, seeing him lying there like that.
Castle : What was he doing here so late?
UNK: Training.
UNK: Coach Rome : Couldn't keep that kid out of the pool.
UNK: Coach Rome : Two weeks ago, he got food poisoning right before a meet.
UNK: Coach Rome : Sick as a dog, just puking his guts out.
UNK: Coach Rome : I told him to withdraw,
UNK: Coach Rome : but he toughed it out, won all his events.
UNK: Coach Rome : That was Zack.
UNK: He was going to be the next Rob Tredwyck or Michael Phelps.
Beckett : Did he have any personal problems?
UNK: Coach Rome : He was a kid from Bensonhurst, you know.
UNK: I got him a partial scholarship but he lived on his own
UNK: all the way out here because it's all he could afford.
Castle : What about his parents?
UNK: Coach Rome : His dad's gone.
UNK: Coach Rome : His mom had to move to Atlantic City for work.
UNK: Coach Rome : I promised I was going to look out for him.
Beckett : What about the swim team?
Beckett : There must have been some rivalries there.
UNK: Coach Rome : He and Brian Morris were our two best chances
UNK: Coach Rome : to win the tournament this week. But there was no bad blood,
UNK: Coach Rome : not with Brian or anyone else on the team.
UNK: Okay, I'm still going to need a team roster
Beckett : and a list of all the people who had access to this pool.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Coach Rome : Excuse me.
Castle : This is why Alexis is never going to college.
UNK: Hey, you wanna hear something crazy?
Beckett : - Yeah. - I was talking to the night janitor.
UNK: He was here till 1 : 30 last night but he saw Zack with another guy.
Beckett : Do we have a name?
Esposito : We have a picture, too.
Esposito : "Rocket" Rob Tredwyck.
Photographer : Yeah, like that.
Photographer : You love this man, you want him.
Beckett : That's funny.
Beckett : I want him, too.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : The guy was invincible in water.
UNK: I can't believe he'd drown.
Beckett : How did you know him?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : From a tournament three years ago.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Zack was a freshman while I was heading to Beijing.