UNK: Coach Rome : You don't understand. Brian Morris was a lock to win it all.
UNK: Coach Rome : He had the body, he had the talent, the money to make himself the best.
UNK: He is the reason I came to coach at UNY.
UNK: Coach Rome : But last year, Brian peaked.
UNK: Coach Rome : Started fading at the ends of races
UNK: Coach Rome : and from out of nowhere, Zack became the guy to beat.
Castle : So, you decided to give Brian an extra boost
Castle : so he could catch up with Zack.
UNK: Coach Rome : Brian's father came to me.
UNK: Coach Rome : He asked if there was anything more I could do.
UNK: Coach Rome : He said he'd donate millions to the program if that answer was yes.
Castle : Yeah, but it wasn't just about the money, was it?
Castle : Every coach knows he has to hitch his wagon to a star.
Castle : In fact, you'd done it before with somebody very special.
Beckett : Before going to UNY, you were coaching in Wilmington.
UNK: Coach Rome : That's right. So?
Castle : You ever give that same boost to your swimmers there?
Castle : They keep those old samples, don't they?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Thank you so much for the interview.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle, how goes the investigation?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Any new leads?
Beckett : Actually, we think we caught a break.
UNK: Wow, that's great.
Castle : Yes, it is. Well, for everyone except you.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I don't...
Castle : Drop the act, Rob. We know how you got to be the Rocket.
Castle : Coach Rome told us about how he gave you rocket fuel back in Wilmington
UNK: and didn't stop until you went all the way.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : What the hell are you talking about?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I have never juiced. I have the test results to prove it.
Beckett : Yeah, but they weren't testing for the right thing.
Beckett : We checked your blood samples from the last gold medal race you won
Beckett : against the designer steroids that Zack found in Brian's car.
Beckett : It came back positive.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : There was a mistake.
Beckett : And then off of that, we got a warrant to search your hotel room,
Beckett : where we found a shirt with chlorine on it.
Beckett : Pure chlorine.
Beckett : The kind that killed Zack.
UNK: We're waiting for DNA test results right now.
UNK: No, I was at Buddha Bar the whole night.
Beckett : And it was packed there.
UNK: You could have easily slipped out and come back without anyone noticing.
UNK: Coach Rome : This is ridiculous. Why would I kill Zack?
Castle : Because when Zack found steroids in Brian's car,
Castle : he was conflicted about what to do.
Castle : So he sought counsel from the one guy he knew he could trust.
Castle : Captain America,
Castle : chest full of medals, guy on the cereal box.
Castle : Only you realized Coach Rome had given Brian the same steroids
Castle : he had given to you.
Beckett : And you knew that if Zack talked, you would be found out.
Castle : They'd erase your name from the record books,
Castle : they'd take away all your medals.
Castle : You would lose everything.
UNK: And there was no way you were gonna let that happen.
Beckett : Turn around.
Beckett : Take a long look, Rob.
Beckett : Where you're going, I don't think they have pools.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : You know, it is ironic, the one man Zack thought he could trust, his mentor,
Castle : turned out to be his killer.
UNK: Yes, speaking of mentor,
Beckett : I heard that you guys were pretty hard on Conrad last night.
Castle : Hard on him?
UNK: No, no, that was just a little friendly hazing.
Beckett : To hear him describe it,
Beckett : it sounds like someone was trying to teach him a lesson.
Castle : What? Why would I want to do that?
Beckett : Because you didn't want him to spend time with me.
Castle : - That is completely... - True?
Castle : Yes, fine. It's true. I'm jealous.
Castle : There, I said it.
Castle : I want you all to myself,
Castle : and to have you spending time with another writer, that upsets me,
UNK: and if that makes me petty, so be it.
Castle : Guilty as charged.
Beckett : Actually, I kind of think it's sweet.
Beckett : - You do? - I do.
Beckett : And that's why you don't have to worry about me
Beckett : hanging around with Conrad anymore.
UNK: From now on, I'm a one-writer girl.
Castle : I do feel kind of bad.
Castle : He is my mentee, after all. He really didn't do anything wrong.
Beckett : I wouldn't feel so bad.
Ryan : And then he said, "They used to do this to me for talking in class."
UNK: Hey, since we closed the case,
UNK: we figured we'd take Conrad on a little field trip up to Rikers.
UNK: Alex Conrad : and I want to get all the facts right.
Castle : Will you still send me your writer's draft?
UNK: Yes, soon as I change the killer.
UNK: Girlfriend?
UNK: Alex Conrad : Rookie mistake.
Beckett : Let's go.
UNK: - It was nice to meet you, Alex. - You too.
Castle : Come on.
UNK: So, a dude can be a muse, right, bro?
Esposito : I mean, it's not weird or anything, is it?
Castle : - No, it's not weird. - No.
UNK: No, yeah.
Castle : - That's a little weird. - Yeah.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Always.