Castle : So either Brian needed his engine rebuilt or...
Beckett : Or this car is stolen.
Beckett : So why would Zack steal Brian's car?
Castle : I don't know. But I know why it gave Brian a motive for murder.
Castle : Those steroids we found at Zack's apartment?
Castle : That he wasn't taking?
UNK: Maybe they're Brian's.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Why you got me in here? I didn't do nothing wrong.
UNK: No?
Beckett : Zack's rival on the swim team, Brian Morris,
Beckett : we found his Stingray at the chop shop.
Beckett : The one you stole.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I don't even know what that means.
Beckett : Zack's prints were on it and so were yours.
Beckett : So stop playing around.
Castle : Why did you boost the car?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Because Brian Morris is a silver-spoon-licking punk.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : He hated Zack for being a better swimmer.
UNK: Two weeks ago, he spiked Zack's pregame meal to make him sick.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Zack won the meet anyway.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Didn't take him long to figure out it was Brian, though.
Castle : So, you took the car out of revenge?
UNK: "Swim for gold"? Vanity plates? I mean, can you get any more douchey?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Brian's up in Greenwich with his own training pool,
UNK: Tommy Marcone : private coaches, whatever he needs.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Meanwhile, Zack's stuck here boosting cars just so he can eat,
UNK: Tommy Marcone : 'cause he can't take a nickel of outside money, or else he's done.
Castle : How'd you find the steroids?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : You always search a car.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : You never want more than you bargained for.
Castle : Like a dead mobster in the trunk?
UNK: That stuff happens. We searched the car like always,
UNK: Tommy Marcone : Zack found a bag underneath the seat.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : He knew right then and there Brian was juicing.
Beckett : Did Zack have any plans for this information?
UNK: Well, he hadn't figured that out yet. Kind of a big deal, you know?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I told him he should turn that cheating bastard Brian in,
UNK: get his ass banned.
Castle : Guess he never got the chance.
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I guess not.
Beckett : Zack was supposed to be your friend, Tommy.
Beckett : Why didn't you tell us this from the start?
UNK: Tommy Marcone : I don't know. Maybe I was scared.
UNK: All right, stick around, we're not done with you.
Beckett : You recognize this, Brian?
UNK: If it's going to be adversarial from the outset...
Beckett : How is this for adversarial, Counselor?
Beckett : Zack Lindsey was killed after he found a cache of illegal steroids
Montgomery : She's like a tiger in there. I never get tired of watching her.
Castle : Me neither.
UNK: Seems Alex Conrad feels the same way.
Beckett : A classic car worth over 70 grand goes missing
Beckett : and you're telling me that you had no idea it was gone?
UNK: Why would I be? I barely even drive it.
Beckett : You knew that car was stolen.
Beckett : You didn't want police to recover it in case they found more of these.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : You have no proof of that.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : Zack could have planted steroids in Brian's car.
Beckett : But he didn't.
Beckett : You know, I think that Zack confronted you about those steroids
Beckett : and you knew if he reported you,
Beckett : you could kiss your Olympic dreams goodbye, and so you killed him.
Beckett : Brian, you killed Zack
Beckett : and then you broke into his apartment and tried to cover your tracks.
UNK: Brian Conrad : To my recollection, at no point did Zack Lindsey and I discuss
UNK: any performance-enhancing substance.
UNK: Brian Conrad : And I have no idea who killed him.
UNK: Not a gold-medal performance, Brian.
UNK: Where were you between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. the night of the murder?
Lawyer : This DVD is from a camera mounted above the training pool.
Lawyer : It has the date and time running in the corner.
Beckett : Easily altered.
UNK: Furthermore, the Morris family and staff all swear Brian was at home,
Lawyer : - and I have affidavits. - I'm sure you do.
Lawyer : So, unless you're charging my client, we're done here.
UNK: Benjamin Morris : My son will go to the Olympics,
UNK: Benjamin Morris : and no one's going to derail that, Detective.
Castle : Brian had means, he had motive. That's at least two.
Castle : But what about opportunity?
Montgomery : Clearly, his father would do whatever it takes to cover for him
Montgomery : so he can keep on swimming.
Beckett : Well, with the kind of team Brian had,
Beckett : there's no way we'll be able to prove that he was at the UNY pool.
Castle : Maybe because he wasn't.
Castle : Look what kind of guy Brian is.
Castle : Pampered, protected, dominated by his father.
Castle : This is not a man of action.
Beckett : So, what are you suggesting?
Castle : That he's not the kind of guy to get his hands dirty.