Castle : he was the distributor.
Beckett : If there even was a man. For all we know, Bridget was lying.
Ryan : Well, she wasn't lying about her brothers.
UNK: I talked to all four of them, one Irishman to another, and another.
Ryan : Anyway, they alibied out.
Ryan : They were in New Paltz when Zack was killed.
Beckett : All of them?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : For what?
Ryan : They were at a sporting event of sorts.
Beckett : Which was?
Ryan : Leprechaun toss. Don't ask.
UNK: Anyway, the oldest brother, he got first place.
UNK: Oh, man.
Castle : Well, the merits of Irish culture aside...
Beckett : - Hey! - Sorry.
Castle : Perhaps this suggests
Castle : that Bridget was telling the truth about our elusive Estonian.
Ryan : I'll run the sketch past Narco and Vice, see if they recognize him.
Beckett : Okay, and check if Zack was on their radar.
Beckett : And, Esposito, can you talk to Zack's teammates about the steroids,
Beckett : find out what they knew?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Zack would never touch steroids. None of us would.
Esposito : Look, the fact of the matter is, Zack was clean.
Esposito : But we found steroids at his place.
Esposito : We're just trying to figure out why.
UNK: Brian Morris : Are you saying you think Zack was a dealer?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Look, it's not enough that he's dead?
UNK: Now you gotta drag him through the mud?
UNK: Aaron Choi : Let me tell you something about Zack Lindsey.
UNK: Aaron Choi : He was the heart and soul of this team.
UNK: He was the person we wanted to be.
UNK: Aaron Choi : So if you found drugs, they were there for another reason.
Castle : Whatever the reason, he was up to something.
Castle : Statements from three of his neighbors say
Castle : that he was going out and staying out all night.
Beckett : Yes, to the pool to train. We already know that.
Castle : Except half the time, he was leaving without his gym bag.
Castle : So, where was he going?
Beckett : I'm hoping that you're asking that just for effect
Beckett : because you already have an answer.
Castle : I got nothing.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe you're looking at it wrong.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe the steroids have nothing to do with his murder.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Maybe they're your red herring.
Castle : Alex, so glad you made it.
Martha : Alex Conrad, please meet Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Nice to meet you.
UNK: Alex Conrad : It's a real pleasure, Detective.
UNK: Alex Conrad : The piercing intelligence, the self-assured beauty.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : So, what were you saying about the steroids?
UNK: Alex Conrad : Well, nothing, really. I was just looking at the board
UNK: Alex Conrad : and I noticed that this swimmer kid, he's caught between two worlds.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Now, if I were writing the story,
UNK: Alex Conrad : the steroids would just be a red herring,
UNK: Alex Conrad : and the real killer would be someone from the old neighborhood.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Yeah, but that's just me.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Clearly, I'm new at this.
Castle : Alex, don't worry. It takes years of experience to...
Beckett : No, no, you're right.
Beckett : We don't have any proof that this has anything to do with the steroids.
Beckett : We've just been assuming. We do need to look into
Beckett : Zack's old neighborhood, as well.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Seriously? I was helpful?
Beckett : Yes, yes, you were.
Castle : Yes, but you probably have lots of questions.
Castle : So we should get going.
UNK: Alex Conrad : Hey, if it's not overstepping,
UNK: Alex Conrad : just in the interest of keeping it real,
UNK: Alex Conrad : I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions
Beckett : Why don't you just give me a buzz when the two of you are done.
UNK: Alex Conrad : I mean, if it's okay with you.
Castle : Why wouldn't it be okay?
Castle : - Okay. - Okay.
Castle : It's so not okay.
Castle : After everything I've done for him.
Castle : He goes and tries to steal my muse.
Alexis : Muse thievery.
Alexis : What's the punishment for that? Five to 10 in mythology jail?
Castle : Yes, you laugh. Go ahead. Laugh all you want.
Castle : But now I finally know what Obi-Wan Kenobi felt like
Castle : when Darth Vader turned on him.
UNK: No.
Castle : I should've seen this coming.
Castle : You know what they're calling him down at Black Pawn publishing?
UNK: No.
Martha : Alex Conrad?
Castle : The next Richard Castle.
Martha : - Oh... Yes.
Castle : I thought it was a compliment, but no. He's trying to replace me.
UNK: What are you gonna do?
UNK: I am going onto richardcastle. net.
Castle : That ungrateful little weasel.
Alexis : Dad, you ever think that maybe you're overreacting a teensy bit?