UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I could tell he was special.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : It was like looking at a younger version of me.
Castle : He was really that good?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Yeah, but that's not what I meant.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Most kids in this sport, they come from money.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Zack and me, we both grew up hard.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : So I took him under my wing.
Castle : Sounds like you were kind of a mentor to him.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : I was just looking out for my own.
Beckett : So, what were you doing at the pool last night?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Zack said he wanted to run drills, and I figured, what the hell.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Now that I'm retired, I don't do enough time in the water.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : But I think he really just needed a friend.
Castle : - Why is that? - He'd just had the talk with his girl.
Castle : Where do babies come from?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : No, not that talk.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : The one I had with my high school girlfriend back in Wilmington.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : If you want to get to the top, you can't take everyone with you.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : So, some people you have to leave behind.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : So, you have the talk.
Beckett : And how did she handle that?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : She took it hard. So did Zack.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : But he was worried about her.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Worried that she might do something stupid.
Beckett : Do you remember her name?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Bridget. Bridget McManus.
Beckett : And what time did you leave the pool last night?
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Little after midnight.
Beckett : And where were you between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a. m?
UNK: At Buddha Bar with half the ad agency.
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : We partied till dawn.
Photographer : We're ready for you, Rocket.
UNK: Man!
UNK: "rocket" Rob Tredwyck : Hell of a day to sell a cologne.
Castle : - What were you looking at? - Nothing.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : First day I put him in the pool, he was two years old.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Took to it like a fish.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : You have kids?
Montgomery : Two daughters and a son.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : It's what we do for them, right?
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : When his dad left and I was feeling lower than dirt,
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : you know what he told me?
UNK: He said, "I'm going to be someone one day, for you, Ma.
UNK: "So you can walk down the street and be proud."
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Who did this?
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Who killed my son?
Montgomery : We're doing everything we can to find out.
UNK: Miss DiNovi, what can you tell me about Bridget McManus?
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Her and Zack have been an item since high school.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : What's this got to do with Bridget?
Montgomery : Maybe nothing. We're just checking everywhere.
Montgomery : Did he mention anything else, any trouble he might been in?
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Zack knew what trouble was. He wanted no part of it.
UNK: People don't get out of our neighborhood.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : Zack was gonna make it.
UNK: Lorraine Dinovi : My baby, he was going to make it.
UNK: Captain?
Montgomery : Zack's mom.
Beckett : - Anything about the girlfriend? - Not that she knows of.
Beckett : She seemed to think everything was okay.
Ryan : Then there was a lot he wasn't sharing.
Ryan : Check out the text messages that Bridget fired off to Zack
Ryan : on the night he was killed.
UNK: Not a lot of "LOLs" in there.
Beckett : "Zack, if you leave me, I swear to God, I'll kill you."
Castle : She has a way with words.
Beckett : And a record to go with it.
Ryan : Disorderly conduct. Mostly minor stuff.
Ryan : Uniforms are bringing her in now.
UNK: It says here she's 5'2".
Montgomery : You really think she could overpower Zack?
Ryan : No, but her brothers could.
Ryan : In grand Irish tradition, she has four of them.
UNK: Each over 6 foot, each with his own claim to fame.
UNK: Assault.
Ryan : - Ag assault. - Bad.
UNK: ADW.
UNK: Battery. Assault on a city employee, parking enforcement.
Castle : - Doesn't count. - Easy.
UNK: Dude.
Castle : Just jokes.
UNK: All right, find out where her brothers were between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Castle and I will talk to Bridget.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Kill him? I've loved Zack Lindsey since the ninth grade.
Beckett : You have a funny way of showing it.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I was pissed.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : For five years I cooked his steamed chicken breast.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I put his pasta in the Tupperware at 4 : 00 in the morning,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I kept him company at the gym.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : And then he tells me,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : "Sorry, Bridge, I can't have any other voices in my head."
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Like suddenly I'm a distraction.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Like suddenly I'm not good enough for Colorado Springs?
Castle : So you threatened to kill him unless he took you back?
UNK: No, that's how I talk, okay?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : But there was something going on,
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : and it had nothing to do with swimming.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Lately he'd been stressed, secretive.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Add that to him saying, "This is my time,"
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : and the way those rich college girls looked at him.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : I wasn't born yesterday. I can do the math.
Beckett : You thought there was someone else.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : So, I followed him out of his apartment the other night,
UNK: ready to fight some queen bitch from Connecticut for what's mine.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Only it wasn't another girl.
Beckett : Well, who was it?
UNK: I don't know, some scary-looking guy.
UNK: They met under the el and they went at it.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Yelling and screaming.
UNK: I couldn't tell 'bout what, though, 'cause the guy had, like, an accent.
Castle : What kind of accent? Spanish? Asian? Russian?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Do I look like I work at the UN?
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Not Brooklyn, okay?
Castle : Okay. No...
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : Anyways, I asked Zack about it afterwards and he said it was nothing.
UNK: Bridget Mcmanus : But it wasn't.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe this guy to our sketch artist?
UNK: So, Lanie confirms no drug in his system,