UNK: Well, I'm married, boring.
Neil : I know some married people who aren't boring.
Taub : A few years back, I was one of them.
Taub : Good luck, Neil.
UNK: If you're gonna kill me and rape me, please do it in that order.
Morgan : This is the cat. Debbie. Have you heard of her?
House : Debbie? Sorry, but without a last name...
UNK: She was on the news. We found her as a kitten.
Morgan : She lives in the nursing home.
Morgan : She only sleeps next to people when they're about to die.
Morgan : Ten patients in the last year.
Morgan : And then yesterday, she did it to me while I was sitting on my couch.
Morgan : Please. The whole staff, the doctors even, we all know this is real.
House : Can you come back later?
House : I have some business I'm conducting with the Prince of Nigeria.
Morgan : Just watch this video. It'll prove I'm not lying.
Morgan : Dr. House, I am begging you.
UNK: Chest.
House : Quick, before she goes without attention for eight seconds.
UNK: House.
House : She's faking. The cat told me. Listen.
Foreman : Soft breath sounds. Means it's bronchospasm.
UNK: You can't fake that.
House : I don't think the changes they've made
UNK: You wanna treat her? She's a nut job.
House : Don't we all have quirks?
House : Aren't those eccentricities what make us human?
House : Nut jobs get sick, too.
Cuddy : So you think this cat story is nonsense,
Cuddy : and you admit she faked her earlier symptoms,
Cuddy : but you still think she's actually sick now?
House : Well, anything would sound ridiculous if you said it in that voice.
Cuddy : Confirm she's faking or I'm gonna have to kick her out.
House : There's that voice again.
Cuddy : I'll give you 24 hours.
UNK: Consecutive?
Kutner : What are you doing?
UNK: No, Mr. Bond, I expect you to die. Bronchospasm. Go.
UNK: Bronchitis. No cough, no fever,
Thirteen : and Blofeld didn't smoke a cigar.
House : He might have. Dude had a lair, means he was rich.
House : Rich people enjoy a good stogie, sometimes send them as gifts.
House : Hey, Taub, did that sound like
House : I was awkwardly trying to segue into making a point?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Emphysema. Lungs were clean on the CT.
Foreman : Dogs can be trained to predict diabetic comas, epileptic seizures,
Foreman : they can smell cancer. It is possible there's something to this cat.
House : It's more possible it was just a coincidence.
UNK: Ten million nursing homes, hundred million pet cats,
UNK: one of them was bound to pick a few winners.
UNK: Debbie was able to predict there was something wrong
Thirteen : with the patient before you were. Is that a coincidence, too?
Foreman : Maybe the cat didn't predict anything, it might have caused the deaths.
UNK: We should've listened to Ted Nugent.
Foreman : Yeah. It could be cat scratch fever, or visceral larva migrans.
UNK: Maybe it didn't kill everyone at the nursing home,
Foreman : but it may be killing Morgan.
House : The worms hop from the cat to the cat lady's lungs. I could buy that.
Taub : Those cigars were for me.
House : Hey, that reminds me.
House : Why is some fancy CEO sending you a box of Cuban cigars?
House : Is it related to your money worries?
Kutner : What money worries?
House : Extrapolating from the fact that he's been skipping his morning muffin,
House : I'd say that he lost almost all his money in the market last year.
Taub : I'm on a diet.
House : I'm also extrapolating from the online portfolio you forgot to log off,