House : Or if they are wasting away, like the other eight.
Wilson : Wasting doesn't... It does,
House : if it means someone sticks a heating blanket on you.
Wilson : Congrats. Because of your crazy obsession with this cat
Wilson : you've solved a completely trivial mystery.
Wilson : Completely trivial?
House : My God, it's clearly only partially trivial.
House : Debbie climbed on Morgan, too,
House : which means she was overheated.
House : So what causes flushing, mimics every Cushing's symptom
House : except central body obesity?
UNK: Cancer.
Wilson : A corticotropin-producing carcinoid tumor of the intestine.
Wilson : But your pillcam didn't find anything.
House : Means it must be somewhere the pillcam couldn't go.
Thirteen : The appendix.
UNK: Congratulations. You probably saved her life.
Wilson : You definitely saved her needless surgery.
House : Yes, I did.
House : What's the OR extension number?
House : Just curious.
Morgan : Thank you.
House : I wouldn't come here for thanks, that would be ungracious.
House : It's more about gloating.
House : You were about to cut out a piece of your brain
House : just to chase some crazy superstition.
Morgan : But I didn't.
UNK: You didn't didn't do anything. I stopped it.
Morgan : And what made you do that?
House : Science. Logic. Reason. Pick any three.
Morgan : A cat chooses that exact moment to sit on your computer.
Morgan : Maybe that's science and logic and reason,
Morgan : or maybe it's something else.
House : You're an idiot.
Morgan : I looked up the preacher from New York State.
House : His followers never faded out.
Morgan : They became the Seventh-Day Adventists.
Morgan : A major religion. That man changed the course of history.
House : Because his followers were as deluded as he was.
Morgan : Maybe he just gave them something to live for.
Taub : Feel better.
UNK: Kutner!
House : Cat pee on my chair?
Kutner : Blood on my face? Fake blood.
House : You pay for the dry-cleaning.
Kutner : Why are you still alive?
Kutner : I'm not sure.
Thirteen : I guess he was impressed you stood up to him.
Thirteen : And got a cat to pee on his chair.
Kutner : Yeah. A cat.
House : See you tomorrow. Yeah.