Chase : Your patient had a cardiac arrest during the venous sampling.
Chase : We got her back, but her heart's still tenuous.
House : That tell us anything? She's weak, possibly dying.
House : So nothing.
House : What about the ACTH? Slightly elevated.
UNK: It confirms the Cushing's is in the brain. Go.
Chase : Are you sure that it's Cushing's?
Chase : You'd expect central body obesity, she's in good shape.
House : If it had a normal presentation, there wouldn't be a cat involved.
Foreman : So it's the brain,
Foreman : means the next question is whether to remove her pituitary right now...
House : That's not a question for me, that's a question for the patient.
UNK: Now present both sides, let her decide.
Taub : All right.
Wilson : I've got to stop telling you my theories.
Wilson : You always just try to prove me wrong.
House : You mean the theory about Cuddy's ass getting bigger at the full moon?
House : I confirmed that one, photo's on my blog.
Wilson : Normally, you'd be up in the patient room,
Wilson : hectoring her on what to do,
Wilson : instead you're up to your elbows in some irrelevant dead guy,
Wilson : who may or may not be connected to a magic cat,
Wilson : because you want to prove to me that you don't care.
House : Case is over. I'm exploring a scientific mystery.
UNK: I put up with your obsessions,
UNK: I even encourage them, for one reason,
UNK: they save lives. I don't know what you're doing now.
Chase : Cushing's means your body is overproducing a hormone called cortisol.
Chase : The recommended course of action is to suppress it with drugs.
Morgan : And that will cure it?
Chase : Just treat it. It could come back.
Chase : The only permanent solution is
Chase : to cut into your brain and remove your pituitary gland,
UNK: but surgery's dangerous.
Chase : Your heart stopped on the table once already.
Morgan : I want the surgery.
Morgan : This thing is gonna kill me if I don't kill it first.
Kutner : Because of the cat?
UNK: Do you wanna tell me what an idiot I'm being?
UNK: No.
Chase : I really believe that there are things that science can't understand,
Chase : that there is a role for faith and prayer, but it's in the waiting room,
Chase : not the OR.
Morgan : There's a reason I got sick.
Morgan : There's a reason for all the bad things that have happened to me.
Morgan : I don't know what that reason is, but I know that if there isn't one,
Morgan : if there's no greater purpose in the world,
Morgan : then it's not a world I wanna live in.
Chase : I'll schedule an operating room.
UNK: You're early.
Taub : I'm not staying long. I'm quitting.
House : You got a new job? No.
House : Well, then you're not quitting.
UNK: I'll see you back here tomorrow.
Taub : You're not accepting my resignation?
House : Easier this way.
House : It avoids the whole thing where you panic, run back and grovel,
House : and I punish you, and then take you back.
UNK: Bye.
House : Bring donuts. Everyone loves those bear claws.
House : Here, puss, puss, puss, puss, puss. Puss?