Bailey : O'Malley, Karev, you're in the Pit.
Bailey : Stevens, there's a cardiac patient for you on two.
UNK: Yang, keep an eye on the Lamotts. I don't want any problems. Go.
Bailey : Grey, your mother's being discharged this evening.
UNK: - You've made arrangements? - The nursing home is coming at eight.
UNK: Bailey starts walking off : Then you're with Shepherd, Derek Shepherd, today.
UNK: Bailey smiling : Hey, life is short. Times are hard.
UNK: Bailey smiling : The road is long with many a winding turn.
UNK: Bailey smiling : He asked for you. Take it up with him.
Derek : OK.
UNK: Pete Willoughby, 25-year-old, GSW to the chest.
UNK: - Return of 860 cc's of blood... - Oh, damn, this hurts.
UNK: He's put out more than 200 cc's over the past hour.
UNK: Movies never say how much it hurts to get shot.
UNK: Push morphine, two milligrams. Alex, this is my case.
UNK: Morphine, five milligrams.
UNK: - You didn't call him. - I was here first.
UNK: You got her first because I let you. Where's the chest films?
George : I got it. You always get the surgery. Today, I'm getting a surgery.
Doctor : Guys. Knock it off. He's one of Seattle's finest.
Doctor : You've got an entire police force watching you.
George : Page Dr. Burke.
George : - Let him know I'm bringing up a GSW. - "We" are bringing up a GSW.
Richard : Looks like you'll be able to go home today, Ellis.
Ellis : - But I still have patients to see. - No. No more patients.
Richard : I'll be back to check on you later, OK?
Ellis : You should know I'm thinking of leaving Thatcher.
Ellis : I should never have married him.
Ellis : I'll leave him. You leave Adele.
UNK: Then when our residency's over we can both get jobs at the same hospital.
Richard : Why don't you get her meds ready for discharge, nurse? Thank you.
Richard : Ellis, that was a long time ago, remember?
Richard : We had this discussion 21 years ago.
Ellis : Think about it. We should make the break now.
UNK: If we wait till residency's over, you'll be at one hospital, I'll be in another.
Ellis : We could end up at opposite ends of the country. It'll be too late.
Derek : - Meredith. - Your wife is looking for you.
UNK: Derek sighs : Oh, my God, this is hard for me, Meredith.
Meredith : Let me make it easy. I'm not going to be that woman.
Meredith : The one who breaks up a marriage or begs you to want me.
UNK: You can sign the papers or you can not. The choice is yours.
Meredith : Either way, when it comes to this relationship, I'm out.
Meredith : Now, where's this patient I'm supposed to be helping you with?
UNK: Derek points behind him : Down there.