Man : - Caught between floors. - How bad is it?
Burke : - Two interns and a GSW to the chest. - Good air in, bad air out.
Richard : Come on, people, get those doors open.
Guard : - It's jammed. It won't open. - Move.
UNK: - This is as wide as it goes. - What... What did you two do?
Verna : Nothing.
Burke : - How's the patient? - He's not looking so good.
Anna : - Why do the lights keep flickering? - Something about a backup generator.
Meredith : This pump will provide you with a morphine drip and should stop your pain.
Anna : I told you, I don't need it. I'm going home.
UNK: You'll have to sign a form stating that you're leaving against medical advice.
Meredith : Fine.
Meredith : I know this is new and confusing.
Meredith : I called a social worker and she's willing to talk to you...
UNK: Spare me the white-girl, cultural-divide love.
UNK: I grew up down the street. I play in a band. I went to U-Dub.
UNK: I get it. But my father doesn't.
UNK: Anna interrupts : He says no, it's no.
Meredith : We're talking about your ability to ever walk again.
Anna : That's what you're talking about. I'm talking about my family.
UNK: Have you even heard of the Hmong people?
Anna : Our religion has got rules that are way old
Anna : and way set in stone and way spiritual and you don't mess with them.
Anna : You don't anger the ancestors.
Anna : Even if you pierce your tongue and play in a band.
Meredith : What are the rules, exactly?
Bailey : ICU patients are going to the south wing.
Bailey : Telemetry and stepdown patients, north wing.
Derek : - You paged me. - Porn as pain management?
UNK: You met Henry. There are lots of theories on how to treat pain.
UNK: Porn as pain management?
UNK: It's possible pornography can stimulate the brain
Derek : to produce endorphins that minimize pain.
UNK: - Porn as pain management. - I didn't prescribe it. It wasn't me.
UNK: Take it up with the physician.
UNK: If he turns out to be some sex weirdo, it's on you. That's all I'm saying.
UNK: - Oh, and your wife is looking for you. - I know.
UNK: Bailey starts walking off : - Derek. - Yes?
Meredith : Talk to Anna's father. I'd do it myself but having testicles is a requirement.
UNK: Derek sighs : - What happened to Social Services? - According to Anna, they can't help us.
Meredith : Anna's father believes she's missing something she needs for surgery.
Derek : - Missing something? Missing what? - One of her souls.
Meredith : We don't need a social worker. We need a shaman.
UNK: Shaman?
Izzie : Cardio tells me your cath went just fine.
Verna : - Is that much bruising normal? - Your wound looks good.
Izzie : So do the results on your cath. You have no blockages in your arteries.
Lou : - Which means? - You did not have a heart attack.
Verna : - So I can go home? - Not yet.
Izzie : Your EKG shows significant changes.
UNK: And I'm going to find out why before you leave the hospital.
UNK: - Hey, Pete, what are you doing? - I have to get home.
Alex : - Pete, you're in the hospital. - Need to get home. Need to get home.
Burke : - What's his blood pressure? - It's not reading. He's too agitated.
Burke : - How's his pulse? - Thready, but still there.
UNK: - Do you have instruments? - A code box and gloves.
UNK: Burke annoyed : You didn't bring an open chest tray?
Alex : - We thought... - No time for excuses.
Burke : - Blood pressure. - I've taken it three times.