UNK: You shouldn't have walked the dog in the rain.
UNK: Mrs. Bradley : Oh, Lou, it wasn't the rain. I just passed out.
Izzie : - Actually, Mrs. Bradley... - Verna.
UNK: Mrs. Bradley : Verna. You presented with lateral ST elevations
Izzie : and reciprocal inferior changes consistent with an MI.
Izzie : - A heart attack. - Oh, my God.
Verna : Lou, don't worry.
UNK: I've had little chest pains before and it turned out to be nothing.
Verna : This is nothing.
Verna : Lou, not in front of the doctor.
Anna : I've had a twinge in my back for a while.
Anna : I thought it would go away, but then last night, my legs went numb.
Anna : This morning, my back... The pain is just too much.
UNK: Miss Chue, we'll put you on a PCA pump, give you morphine to control the pain.
UNK: Izzie cold and sarcastic : - Thank you. - OK. But there's a greater problem.
UNK: - I've just looked at your MRI... - Anna!
UNK: - Why didn't you call us before coming? - I'm sorry. These are my parents.
MVO : - Hi. - What's going on?
Derek : Anna's MRI has shown that she has a myxopapillary ependymoma.
Derek : It's a tumor in her spinal canal.
Derek : But the good news is that we can operate.
UNK: You have a 95%% chance of fully recovering
UNK: if we get you to surgery as soon as possible.
Derek : We can't wait. With a tumor this aggressive
Derek : even waiting another day puts you at risk for permanent paralysis.
UNK: Anna looks to her dad : Father?
UNK: Mr. Chue shakes his head : No. No surgery.
Derek : Mr. Chue, without surgery, Anna will be paralyzed within the next 24 hours.
UNK: Mr. Chue : No surgery today. We're taking her home.
UNK: - Anna needs surgery. - She can have it another time.
Derek : - Mr. Chue... - We are taking our daughter home.
UNK: Anna, you're over 18. You don't need your father's consent.
UNK: I'm Hmong, and my father is the elder.
UNK: If he says I go home, I go home.
Derek : Hmong? Let's find out what that means.
Derek : Contact Social Services, see if we can get somebody to talk to them.
UNK: - Do I process her discharge? - Yeah. It's insane, but we have to.
UNK: It reminds me of a case I had in New York where a woman...
UNK: Meredith interrupts : Look, do you need me for anything else work-related?
Derek : Look. I was married for 11 years. Addison is my family.
Derek : That is 11 Thanksgivings, 11 birthdays, and 11 Christmases.
Derek : In one day, I'm supposed to sign a piece of paper and end my family?
Derek : A person doesn't do that. Not without hesitation.
Derek : I'm entitled to a little uncertainty. A moment to understand the magnitude
UNK: of what it means to cut somebody out of my life.
UNK: I'm entitled to at least one moment...
Derek : ...of painful doubt.
Derek : And a little understanding from you would be nice.
Burke : - Dr. Shepherd. Still here, I see. - I couldn't leave you.
Addison : - Have you seen the other Dr. Shepherd? - I'll tell him you're looking for him.
UNK: - So, thanks for, you know, being there. - No thanks needed.
Derek : - OK. - So where are we?
Cristina : The north-east corner of a hospital.
UNK: - Oh, I'm getting back on my feet. - Fine.
Cristina : - That doesn't mean that... - Cristina...
UNK: - It's my first day back, I've got... - I'm not waiting forever.
UNK: Karev and O'Malley are bringing a GSW. Want to scrub in?
UNK: No can do. I'm trying to get out of here at a decent hour tonight.
Burke : - What, you got a date? - Yes. Yes, I do.
Bailey : A handsome man is whisking me away to a love nest for the weekend.
Alex : You got shot in the line of duty?
UNK: Pete has difficulty speaking : First month on the job. Can you believe my luck?
UNK: Pete has difficulty speaking : Guy pulls a gun and I freeze up.
UNK: The rookie who let himself get shot.
UNK: Pete has difficulty speaking : - I'm never gonna live this down. - Sure, you will.
Pete : You think?
George : Absolutely.