UNK: - OK, guys, we're not going... - O'Malley?
George : Dr. Burke, I didn't cut the heart or the lungs.
Burke : Good, good, O'Malley. Really good.
Burke : Now, check for injuries and do a pericardiotomy.
UNK: George concentrating on Pete : I'll need some lap pads, forceps, Metzenbaums and Satinsky clamps?
UNK: Burke nods smiling, quietly impressed : Yes, you will.
Cristina : You tell anyone I did this for you,
Cristina : not only will I kill you, I will sell your body parts for cash.
UNK: OK. So...
UNK: There were these women. Nurses.
UNK: Three nurses. And they were... naughty.
UNK: They were really, really naughty. They were three naughty nurses. Saucy, even.
UNK: They were saucy and bad and naughty. Three saucy, bad, naughty nurses.
UNK: They were taking a shower. Together.
Cristina : Soaping each other up. And then this doctor walks in
Cristina : and he sees these three naughty, bad nurses
Cristina : with these great big...
UNK: Mrs. Bradley, do you realize that you've been admitted to the hospital
UNK: on this date for the past seven years?
Lou : That can't be.
Lou : - I don't remember the date exactly... - I have the medical records.
UNK: On this date for the past seven years you have what looks like a heart attack.
UNK: Verna smiling : No. No, I know I've had some scares but I don't...
UNK: Lou interrupts : Every year on this date?
UNK: Is there significance to this date for you?
Verna : No. Nothing.
UNK: What were you doing the first time you had a cardiac episode?
UNK: Who can remember back that far?
Lou : We were in the yard. I remember because our neighbor... What was his name?
Izzie : - Ted. - That's right. He died.
Lou : Of an aneurysm, I think.
Lou : And we watched as the funeral home people took him away
Lou : and you had your first attack.
Izzie : - And you were close to Ted? - No. We barely knew Ted.
Lou : That was all very sad, but what does that have to do with Verna's heart?
UNK: I removed a small clot from the pericardium.
George : - No obvious cardiac injuries. - Change in the vitals?
Alex : - BP's still too low to register. - We need to cross-clamp the aorta.
Burke : Stick your hand in and bluntly dissect down
UNK: until you feel two tube-like structures.
Burke : The esophagus will be more medial and anterior.
George : I feel one tube that's easily collapsible
UNK: and the other's more muscular, spongy.
George : I feel... I can feel the spine just underneath it.
UNK: - Yes! You're touching the aorta. - I'm touching the aorta.
Burke : Wrap the index finger of your left hand around it
UNK: and apply the Satinsky clamp with your right hand.
UNK: Got it. Wait, I... I think I can localize the bleeding.
George : It's coming from the inferior vena cava.
Burke : - Can you find the lesion? - Yeah. Yeah, I think I can feel it.
George : - It's too far in to repair. - How big is it?
UNK: Small, maybe... smaller than a dime.
Burke : OK, O'Malley. I want you to take your finger and plug the hole.
George : I can feel his heart starting to fill more. It's beating a little stronger.
Burke : - Excellent. Keep your finger there. - OK. Now what?
Burke : - That's it. - That's it?
George : I just stand here with my finger plugging the hole?
Burke : Until we can get you out of that elevator and into the OR.
UNK: Bailey, you can tell the firemen to get my guys out of there.
UNK: Will do. OK. We're ready.
Bailey : - O'Malley. - Yes, sir?
Burke : You just flew solo.