UNK: Henry Dobson : But she has shown some focal weakness, urinary retention.
UNK: Chris Taub : Yes. Those are her big mystery symptoms,
UNK: Chris Taub : not the hallucinations that vasculitis doesn't explain.
UNK: Henry Dobson : Unless it's retinal vasculitis.
UNK: Chris Taub : House, this guy may be smart, and I'm sure he's great to share a beer with,
UNK: Chris Taub : but if he doesn't know that visual symptoms are an electrical issue,
UNK: not vascular, two separate systems...
UNK: Henry Dobson : So are the banks and the power grid, but if I don't pay my bills my lights go out.
UNK: Greg House : Vasculitis restricts blood flow to nerves, messes with electrical function.
UNK: Chris Taub : Acute intermittent porphyria is a better fit.
UNK: Henry Dobson : If you're wrong about porphyria, the treatment could box her kidneys.
UNK: Henry Dobson : Vasculitis is treated with corticosteroids, relatively harmless.
UNK: Greg House : Start her on the steroids. House, he's not...
UNK: Then test for both so he can stop whining.
UNK: Greg House : Big Love, have I humiliated you in the last half-hour?
UNK: No.
UNK: Greg House : Check your e-mail.
UNK: Allison Cameron : How's it going?
UNK: Great.
UNK: The only way he can turn any more cheeks is by pulling down his pants.
UNK: Allison Cameron : He's not a wuss. It takes a lot more strength...
UNK: Greg House : We didn't bet on how strong he was.
UNK: So, you're gonna collect $100 and fire him because he has principles?
UNK: What's your agenda here? You obviously don't care about the 100.
UNK: Allison Cameron : He's a decent, smart...
UNK: Greg House : You don't care about the team.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Does it annoy Wilson when you ask questions and ignore the answers?
UNK: Greg House : Very much.
UNK: Greg House : You only care about who I hire and who I fire
UNK: because you miss going through my mail.
UNK: Greg House : You can't stop controlling me.
UNK: Allison Cameron : No one controls you.
UNK: Want your job back? No.
UNK: Greg House : Too bad, you can't have it. She'll take care of this.
UNK: Greg House : You can take it out of the 100 you're gonna owe me.
UNK: Dr. Brady : I met House at a conference about five years ago.
UNK: He's quite a character. Yes, he is.
UNK: Dr. Brady : Probably one of the best medical minds of our generation.
UNK: I agree. I learned an awful lot from him.
UNK: Dr. Brady : I'll bet you did. I see here you just did a stint at Mercy.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Dr. Brady : It says here "'07 to Present. " How long were you there?
UNK: Eric Foreman : About a month. Dr. Schaffer was great, but it just wasn't the right fit.
UNK: Dr. Brady : Wait, was that you with Dr. Schaffer and the lymphoma patient?
UNK: Eric Foreman : It was... It was a tough situation. I probably could've handled it better.
UNK: Dr. Brady : No, Dr. Schaffer's got a stick up her rear, good for you.
UNK: Dr. Brady : What made you so sure it was lymphoma?
UNK: Eric Foreman : There was an unusual lactic acid level in one of her labs.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I had a similar case a few months ago.
UNK: Dr. Brady : Beautiful. God, I wish I had your stones.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Well, my stones are on the market.
UNK: Dr. Brady : No, I mean, seriously, I wish I had your stones.
UNK: Dr. Brady : I could cram you down the board of directors.
UNK: Dr. Brady : But I don't. I'm sorry, man.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Good luck.
UNK: When your retinas see something,
UNK: "thirteen" : they send electrical signals to your brain.
UNK: "thirteen" : These lenses will pick up those signals.
UNK: Amber Volakis : If the signals are misfiring, it'll confirm
UNK: Amber Volakis : that an old man without a medical license is smarter than all of us,
UNK: Amber Volakis : that your hallucinations were caused by...
UNK: Irene Walesa : They're not hallucinations. Tell them, Mom.
UNK: Connie Walesa : Honey, they're doctors.
UNK: Connie Walesa : They must know what they're doing.
UNK: Irene Walesa : If they know what they're doing, how did they kill that poor man's dog?
UNK: Come on, this has got to be freaking you out a little bit.
UNK: "thirteen" : I appreciate your concern.
UNK: Amber Volakis : There's nothing to be ashamed of here.
UNK: Amber Volakis : If the ghost of a man you killed doesn't screw with your head,
UNK: Amber Volakis : there's something wrong with your head.
UNK: Amber Volakis : See, that freaks me out.
UNK: Someone must have left it in here.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Absolutely, that makes sense,
UNK: some dog was in here getting his eyes checked
UNK: Amber Volakis : and forgot to put his jewelry back on.
UNK: Irene Walesa : This isn't working.
UNK: Irene Walesa : You're just making me sicker, like he said you...
UNK: Greg House : What's wrong?
UNK: Irene Walesa : My stomach, it hurts.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Code in the eye lab. Lean forward, Irene.
UNK: "thirteen" : You're gonna aspirate.
UNK: Irene Walesa : I can't. It hurts.
UNK: Irene Walesa : Why won't you help me?