UNK: Allison Cameron : And you can't start suddenly being nice to him.
UNK: Greg House : You realize what you're encouraging here.
UNK: Yeah. Someone kicking your ass.
UNK: Irene Walesa : The space inside is smaller than I thought.
UNK: Connie Walesa : Don't worry, Reena.
UNK: The doctors are gonna take good care of you, right?
UNK: Chris Taub : Once the Valium kicks in you'll feel better.
UNK: Connie Walesa : And then we'll have some nice, warm milk when you're done.
UNK: Irene Walesa : I'd rather have more Valium.
UNK: Oh, Reena!
UNK: Chris Taub : Let's wait just a bit, see how it goes.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Try to lie as still as possible.
UNK: Chris Taub : Guess Father Time's a lock for one of the spots.
UNK: Thirteen's a lock.
UNK: Chris Taub : He doesn't have a medical license and he's still around.
UNK: Amber Volakis : She killed a guy in a wheelchair and his dog.
UNK: Chris Taub : He doesn't care about our qualifications, our ideas,
UNK: Chris Taub : he just wants to have fun.
UNK: Amber Volakis : And she's the ultimate fun, because he can't figure her out.
UNK: Chris Taub : This game is insane.
UNK: Amber Volakis : So quit. Happy to lose the competition.
UNK: Chris Taub : If it's gonna be on your résumé, it's got to be better to quit than get fired.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Either quit or shut up.
UNK: Chris Taub : Actually, with House, getting fired might look better.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : Dr. House is a dangerous egomaniac.
UNK: Eric Foreman : That's why I left. We had different ideas on how to practice.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : Glad to hear it. Tell me about Mercy.
UNK: Eric Foreman : To be honest, I don't think Dr. Schaffer really gave me a chance.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : Obviously not. You were there for three weeks.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : What happened?
UNK: I saved a patient's life.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : That's usually not grounds for dismissal.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Have you spoken to her?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Then why are you asking me what happened?
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : You have an excellent résumé.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : I felt I owed it to you to hear what you had to say.
UNK: What did she tell you?
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : That you defied her instructions and hospital procedures.
UNK: Eric Foreman : That's what happened, nothing more I can add to that.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : You could tell me that you were wrong.
UNK: Dr. Pilcher : Sounds like you didn't leave House quite soon enough.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Cadavers were clean, so is her food.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : It's all organic, unprocessed crap. It's got to be the embalming fluid.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Ethanol can have psychoactive effects and...
UNK: Greg House : Bosley, tell whoever's talking that he's an idiot.
UNK: Bosley?
UNK: Greg House : Either tell him he's an idiot, or tell me why I'm wrong.
UNK: Henry Dobson : You're an idiot.
UNK: Greg House : You actually think that I'd take a patient who had a seizure in a funeral home,
UNK: Greg House : if the ER hadn't already ruled out embalming fluid?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : I thought we weren't supposed to trust...
UNK: Idiot!
UNK: From the old French, idiote,
UNK: Greg House : meaning effeminate, mentally deficient Moor.
UNK: Henry Dobson : I found something in the mortuary's files from '05.
UNK: A 48-year-old male's cause of death was listed as pneumonia,
UNK: Henry Dobson : but the symptoms in the autopsy report didn't fit.
UNK: Henry Dobson : Confusion, memory loss, depression...
UNK: Greg House : Mad cow. Very cool.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : No, she's a vegetarian and only ate organic vegetables, at that.
UNK: Greg House : Tell him he's an idiot again.
UNK: Henry Dobson : The disease can be spread by brain tissue.
UNK: Greg House : Which is very cool. Run with it.
UNK: So, because the answer might be cool,
UNK: Travis Brennan : you want us to do a brain biopsy on a 24-year-old woman?
UNK: Greg House : No, because the answer is something cool,
UNK: Greg House : I want you to do a brain biopsy on a 48-year-old dead guy.
UNK: Amber Volakis : The guy's already been buried.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : We dig him up.
UNK: I'm not digging up a body without a court order.
UNK: Greg House : Don't think of it as digging up a body.
UNK: Greg House : Think of it as keeping another one from being buried.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : I can't do it.
UNK: Are we gonna have another one of those ecumenical discussions
UNK: Greg House : where I tell you that your beliefs are ridiculous and you totally cave?
UNK: I just got to be home at 6 : 00.
UNK: Greg House : The Sabbath.
UNK: Greg House : The Lord works for six days, then tells the union he needs a rest.
UNK: Greg House : You know, if I was all-powerful I think I'd take at least two days.
UNK: "thirteen" : It's Thursday.
UNK: Greg House : Well, then it must be the kid.
UNK: Greg House : You have oatmeal on your pants.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Do you have a camera in here?
UNK: Nope, I was guessing.
UNK: Greg House : He had oatmeal on his pants yesterday and the day before.
UNK: Greg House : Have one of your wives look after the spawn.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : I'm a single dad.
UNK: Chris Taub : Where's the single mom?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : I have no idea.
UNK: Interesting.
UNK: Greg House : You claim a lapse of judgment,
UNK: or are you gonna admit that a lapse in judgment is a lapse in faith?
UNK: Travis Brennan : He's gone.
UNK: Greg House : Fair enough.
UNK: Greg House : Family comes first.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Dr. Cuddy? I'm Amber Volakis, one of Dr. House's new fellows.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Sexual harassment claims go through HR,
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : stress-related leaves through workers comp,
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : and any accusations of criminal activities
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : go directly to the Princeton-Plainsboro police department.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Actually, I was wondering if you needed any extra help in the clinic tonight.
UNK: You're not gonna score any points with House by kissing my ass.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Understood, but I hear Dr. House hates clinic duty.
UNK: Amber Volakis : If he were to hear through the grapevine that I was willing to work overtime,
UNK: Amber Volakis : take some of it off his hands... My advice to you is to do
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : whatever House wants you to do tonight.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : And then tomorrow night you can come back
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : and I will give you extra clinic duty.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Does everybody around here have trust issues?
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I don't know what House wants you to do and I don't want to know.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : But if you really have a problem with it, quit now.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : It's only gonna get worse.