House : This is Dominika. My wife.
Dominika : It's so nice to be meeting you.
Dominika : Gregory tells me that you were born in Richmond, Virginia,
Dominika : and your father was a tailor who stole from his clients.
House : James has persuaded me of the value of openness and honesty in relationships.
Adams : We see people with disabilities all the lime.
Adams : But seeing and understanding aren't always the same thing.
Chase : Are you talking to me or writing a Facebook post?
Adams : I'm saying we should have picked up on the degeneration in his eyes sooner.
Adams : We ignored them because we assumed they weren't even part of the equation.
Adams : I also realized, intellectually,
Adams : I may understand what it means to be disabled, but emotionally?
Adams : I didn't have a clue.
Adams : Apparently, his girlfriend didn't either.
Chase : So you're back on his side?
Adams : It's not a side, it's a perspective.
Adams : He just wants to be treated like an adult. Make his own decisions.
Adams : I may not agree with all of them,
Adams : but how the hell can I judge him?
Chase : I'm sure that's exactly what disabled people want.
Adams : To be treated like completely foreign entities,
Chase : incapable of being judged and understood.
UNK: Park was rig ht about the clot.
Chase : Hopefully, the anticoagulants keep it from killing him.
House : So, she gets the couch on the odd nights,
House : and I get the bed on evens.
House : In exchange for a federal felony,
House : she gets a green card and I get a live-in maid.
Thomas : Good for you.
Thomas : The immigration policy in this country is a travesty.
Thomas : It forces people to lie just so nice people can stay here.
Will : Thank you.
UNK: Dad.
House : I'm grateful you approve.
House : You should also know that I was not in Africa last year.
Blythe : You were in jail.
Blythe : I've been reading the Princeton Police blotter ever since you moved here.
Blythe : And I'm afraid I haven't been truthful with you either.
Blythe : And I've wanted to tell you this for a very long time.
UNK: Thomas and I.4.
Blythe : We got married two months after your father passed away.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Thomas : You understand, we didn't want you to think
Thomas : we were disrespecting the memory of your father.
House : And is there another secret that you want to share with me?
House : There's nothing you think might be relevant to my life?
Thomas : Like what?
House : I don't know. Just off the top of my head,
House : something like I DNA-tested my dad
House : and found that he was not my biological father.
Chase : You are.
Thomas : That's impossible.
House : People lie.
House : Birthmarks don't.
Thomas : Oh, my God!
UNK: You told me he was a preemie.
Thomas : This bloody lunatic is my son?
Blythe : He's not a lunatic.
UNK: All those years, you could've told me, I could've done things.
UNK: I could've made a difference in the boy's life.
Wilson : I think we should all just calm down and...
Thomas : Look at him sitting there! A pill-popping sociopath.
Thomas : If you wanted to screw up his life,
Thomas : you couldn't have done it better.
House : He's got you there, Mom.
Blythe : He's one of the most well-respected doctors in the world.
Blythe : He's saved more lives than you can count.
Blythe : Now you apologize to him,
Blythe : or I swear you will never see me again, Thomas.
Thomas : I can't deal with this anymore.
UNK: I'm gonna have a bloody breath of fresh air. That's what I'm doing.
House : So, who's for dessert?
Will : Somebody help me!
Adams : Will, it's Dr. Adams and Dr. Chase. We just need to know where...
Will : My eyes! My eyes!
UNK: Feels like ifs on fire!
Chase : It's not Behcet's. It doesn't necrotize tissue like this.
Adams : I think it's streptococcus pyogenes.
Adams : Except we've already treated him with broad-spectrum antibiotics.