Blythe : She finally fell asleep. I think she'll be fine in a couple of hours.
House : How do you know about handling a bad acid trip?
House : Friends in your gardening club been experimenting again?
Blythe : I was young once.
Blythe : A little scrapbook that Thomas threw together.
Blythe : He even has a couple of pictures of you as a child.
Thomas : I've known Greg almost since he was born.
Thomas : His father and I were like brothers.
Thomas : I was a Navy chaplain in those days.
Thomas : I left the service in the late '60s.
Thomas : I don't think his dad ever forgave me for protesting the war.
Thomas : Of course, if he knew I got Blythe involved...
House : You protested the war? When?
Blythe : You were a child. I didn't share my entire schedule with you.
Thomas : We knew if we told you, you'd tell him and he'd kill us both.
UNK: He was a Marine. That was the ultimate betrayal.
UNK: Penultimate.
Blythe : Sweetheart, I think we need to get back to the hotel.
Thomas : Wilson, it's been a real pleasure.
Will : You're right.
Thomas : Much too formal.
Thomas : Come here, lad.
Thomas : We're practically family now.
Blythe : We'll see you boys tonight.
UNK: 8 : 00 sharp. Good.
UNK: I invited them out to dinner.
UNK: Told them it was your idea.
UNK: Straw.
Melissa : I know we agreed that whatever happened on break would stay on break
Melissa : and I don't expect you to talk about yours.
Melissa : I just want you to know that there was no one else.
Melissa : I missed you so much I barely even saw my own friends.
Melissa : I'm just so glad it's finally over.
Melissa : Are you okay?
Melissa : What's happening to him?
UNK: Is he gonna be okay?
UNK: I'm gonna need to discuss that with my colleagues.
Will : We have to talk. No,
Melissa : you need to rest.
Will : I have to tell you
Will : about what happened on the break.
Melissa : Later, you just lie back and relax.
Will : Stop it, Melissa.
Will : Just stop telling me what I need
Will : and listen for once, okay?
Adams : How are you feeling?
UNK: Embarrassed.
Park : I'm still not sure what was real or what I hallucinated.
Park : What about you?
Taub : He's stabilized for the moment.
Adams : Coughing up blood? That doesn't really change anything.
Adams : Hemoptysis is a symptom of Behcet's.
Taub : Except our treatment should make him better not worse.
Park : It could be doing both.
Park : Our treatment breaks down his clot in his head like it's supposed to,
Park : except a piece broke off and traveled to one of his arteries in his lungs.
Park : If anything, we need to increase the heparin
Park : to prevent further clots from forming.
Adams : We do that and he starts hemorrhaging,
Adams : we won't be able to stop the bleeding.
House : We don't do that, the next clot causes a heart attack or a stroke.
House : Park's way, he at least has a shot at living.
House : CT his lungs to confirm and up the dose.
Taub : She's young and hot.
Taub : She'll bounce back.
UNK: 82 pounds.
Park : How much weight I put on when my break ended the same way.
Park : People were calling me Park-ing-lot.
UNK: Almost 9 : 00. I think your boy's gonna stand us up.
Wilson : No, no. He'll be here.
UNK: He practically walked in on us having sex.
Thomas : God, if I saw my mother doing that, I'd claw my own eyes out.
Thomas : Of course, she was nowhere near as attractive as you.
Thomas : Horribly fat, as a matter of fact.
UNK: Mother.
House : Guy sleeping with my mother.