Taub : but you need to practice better oral hygiene.
Will : So, are you guys saying this is happening because, what, I didn't floss enough?
Park : Probably didn't help, but diabetics are prone to this type of infection.
Melissa : Half the time he doesn't even bother getting undressed before he goes to bed.
UNK: I can only imagine how many times you've skipped brushing your teeth
Melissa : since we...
UNK: Sorry.
Melissa : I don't mean to lecture you, babe.
UNK: But I guess you're right. Look, you haven't eaten anything all day.
Will : Why don't you go grab a bite'? I'll be fine.
UNK: All right. I'll see you in an hour, okay?
Will : Not if I see you first.
Will : I was wondering if I could ask you guys for a favor.
Will : I really need my laptop and Braille writer
Will : and I can't ask Melissa to get them for me.
Taub : Why not? Because
Will : I want you to put this someplace safe.
Park : It's beautiful.
Will : People always say diamonds are beautiful.
Will : But to me they just feel cold and have really sharp edges.
Park : I guess convincing her to take a break was a good thing.
Will : The break was her idea.
Will : Melissa's the only girl I've ever dated.
Will : She wanted me to be sure before we took the next step.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Yeah.
Park : What are you doing?
Taub : We're here. We might as well search the place
Taub : in case we're wrong about periodontitis.
Park : What are you doing?
Taub : We're here. Might as well eat.
Taub : You're stealing food from a blind man?
Park : We're doing him a favor, he owes me.
UNK: Hake it from your low self-esteem theory,
Taub : you have some experience with relationship breaks.
Taub : What happened?
Park : He talked me into it,
Park : then slept with three of my friends,
Park : then dumped my ass.
Park : College boyfriend.
UNK: I thought he was the love of my life.
Taub : Then why agree to a break?
Park : My self-esteem wasn't as high back then.
Taub : No one's is.
UNK: Ugh!
Park : Sugar free.
UNK: Disgusting.
Taub : I'll check the bathroom. You keep checking the snacks.
UNK: Greg?
House : Sorry I didn't call first. I just flew back from my conference.
Blythe : This really isn't...
House : I need your medical records,
House : and the name of your primary physician.
Blythe : You remember Mr. Bell?
House : If I didn't, I will now.
House : You're not dying.
Blythe : I may have misled James
Blythe : by letting him see a book on cancer.
Thomas : We did however have some expectations that you might call first.
UNK: Yeah.
Blythe : This isn't how I envisioned you finding out.
Blythe : Mr. Bell and I, we're...
House : Having sex? Got it.
Thomas : Getting married. Also.
Blythe : We wanted you to be the first to know.
Chase : I need 10 milligrams of benzodiazepine.
Adams : Help me hold him down.