House : Kid's a blind diabetic.
UNK: He's hyperglycemia hyperosmolar.
Adams : Which is what we thought
Adams : until his blood tests showed a controlled sugar level and no ketones.
Park : Could be caused by drug abuse.
Taub : His tox screens were clean.
UNK: I have them right in front me.
House : Not you. This time.
House : My former BFF.
UNK: He's S.M.l.T.B.A.W.S.
Adams : Where exactly are you'?
House : If anyone should happen to ask,
UNK: I'm at an out-of-state medical conference till further notice.
Adams : Why would any... And don't really care.
Chase : Auditory hallucinations and disorientation could be signs of schizophrenia.
Taub : They did a psych consult. Mental status is normal.
Will : A seizure? Noise-induced epilepsy.
Park : The sound of rush hour traffic could have set it off.
House : Run an EEG,
UNK: and blast his brain with harmonics to find out.
House : Also, if anyone should further happen to ask,
UNK: I spent the whole of last year in Africa
Adams : Who are you hiding from?
UNK: Evil.
Wilson : Where's House?
Taub : Uh... He's at an out-of-state medical conference.
Taub : In Baltimore, I think.
Blythe : Nice to meet you. I'm Blythe. His mother.
Melissa : Do you want me to pick up the Braille writer and laptop
Melissa : from your apartment?
Will : I don't plan on being here that long.
Will : I didn't eat lunch yesterday. I probably just fainted.
Park : Or had an epileptic seizure.
Chase : Which is only one possibility. I'm Dr. Chase.
Chase : We'd like to discuss your case with you privately.
Melissa : I'm his girlfriend. Is it all right if I stay for this?
Will : Melissa can stay, and I've never had a seizure before in my life.
Chase : They can be mild, like a loss of concentration or a muscle tremor.
Park : A lot of times a family member notices before the patient does.
UNK: I'm Dr. Park, by the way. I'm 5'2", Asian,
Park : and I'm totally cool with it if you want to feel my face.
Melissa : Blind people only do that in movies.
Will : But you sound nice, so if you want me to...
Chase : Her point was you may not have realized you were having a seizure,
Chase : but maybe your girlfriend has.
UNK: No.
UNK: But I haven't seen him for the last five months.
Melissa : We were on a break.
Will : Like Rachel and Ross on Friends.
Will : Never seen the show myself, but I hear it's good.
Will : That joke usually kills my blind friends.
Melissa : Will, this is serious.
Will : No, it's not, since I don't have epilepsy.
Will : I have to pay attention to every signal my body sends or receives
Will : or I end up taking a dirt nap.
Will : You don't think I'd know if I was having seizures?
UNK: It was probably just low blood sugar.
Chase : If that's true, then you shouldn't have a problem passing our test.
Blythe : How is he, James? Really.
Wilson : He's better than I've seen him in along time.
Blythe : Is he happy?
Man : It's okay.
Blythe : He's always been a complicated child.
Wilson : Were you in the hospital recently?
Blythe : Nothing serious. I just had a few moles removed yesterday.
UNK: I forgot I even had it on.
Blythe : Look, if Greg happens to get back early from the conference,
Blythe : I'm staying at a hotel in town for the next three days.
Blythe : I would like him to call me.
Will : Thank you.
Blythe : Do you think that they would mind if I got a refill for the road?
Wilson : Not at all. Good.
Adams : Not seeing any seizure activity in response to low frequency sounds.
Adams : I'm starting him on mid-range.
Taub : Have you seen his girlfriend'? Extremely hot.
Adams : Blind people can't have attractive girlfriends?
Taub : Not my point.
Taub : He actually convinced her to go for the whole relationship break thing.
Adams : How do you know it wasn't her idea?
Taub : Because she's back with him.
Taub : Women suggest a break when they want to break up.
UNK: Men do it because they want to have sex with other women before they settle down.
Adams : They're a little young to get married, don't you think'?
Taub : I was their age when I did.
Taub : I see your point.
Adams : He's seizing.
UNK: The sound frequency's at 300 hertz.
Taub : It's not a seizure.
Taub : He's not spiking on his EEG.