Mike : Oh, she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here.
UNK: l'm gonna take a little break, and when we come back...
UNK: ...we've got Kenneth singing ''l Touch Myself.''
UNK: l'm not here to judge.
Phoebe : -You have got to sing. -No, l told you l can't.
Phoebe : But you would have so much fun. And you have a really nice voice.
UNK: -When have you heard me sing? -All the time, when you're cooking.
UNK: -What? -Yeah, you're always singing :
UNK: Yummy, yummy, yummy I've got love in my tummy
UNK: Yeah, l do rock that one.
UNK: lsn't there just a little part of you that wants to get up there?
UNK: Just a little. But, God, it's so scary.
UNK: l don't even know what l would sing.
UNK: -Well, l've got a book around-- -''Delta Dawn.''
UNK: Hi. l couldn't help but notice, but that's an unusual necklace.
Woman : You already hit on me an hour ago.
UNK: Right. So that's a firm no?
UNK: l don't believe this. l just keep striking out.
UNK: l don't get it either.
UNK: l mean, you're obviously desperate.
Chandler : You're asking women how they wanna be killed.
Ross : This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys...
Ross : ...until she finds the one she wants, and l'm gonna die alone.
Chandler : By drowning or...?
Michelle : -Why would he break up with me? -l don't know, sweetie.
UNK: All l ever wanted was to just love him and have him love me back.
UNK: l mean, am l so unlovable?
UNK: -Wow. -l know.
Mike : All right. That was Kenneth with his...
Mike : ...much too literal rendition of ''l Touch Myself.''
Mike : Coming up next, we've got Monica singing ''Delta Dawn.''
UNK: Wait. l can't sing in front of all these people.
Phoebe : Just pretend they're not even here. lt's okay.
UNK: Once that spotlight hits you, it's so bright, you won't see anyone anyway.
UNK: Hi, l'm Monica. And l'm going to be singing ''Delta Dawn.''
Phoebe : -Can you totally see through her shirt? -Like an x-ray.
Mike : Bad day not to wear a bra.
UNK: l'm calling about the advertising job.
UNK: Yes, l realize it would be entry level.
UNK: Oh, so would l actually have to wear the chicken suit?
UNK: l need your help.
Chandler : Wow, it seems serious.
Chandler : What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?
UNK: l'm getting new headshots taken. So l went to get my eyebrows shaped.
UNK: l'm sorry. Moment to make fun of that, please.
UNK: l may be a sissy, but l'll still pound you into the ground.
UNK: Look, it hurt so bad, l could only let her do one eyebrow, and now...
UNK: ...they don't match!