Cuddy : You want me to reset the alarm?
House : God, no.
House : Case is under control. I'm sleeping in.
Cuddy : Your boss must really like you.
UNK: Cuddy, From The Other Room : Hey, Marina.
UNK: There's pasta in the fridge for lunch.
House : I assume, since you're calling so early,
House : that the surgery was a rousing success.
Foreman : And I assume since you still think we actually did the surgery,
Foreman : you haven't checked your messages in eight hours. Where are you?
House : I believe this is what your people term a "poopy call."
UNK: Uh, the word's "booty."
House : I don't know what you're doing, but this is a poopy call.
UNK: What?
Taub : Dr. Cheng is the NICU attending on the case. And she's not here.
UNK: Well, I just wasted a perfectly good racial epithet.
Taub : She spotted a vascular malformation in the baby's liver.
House : There's no way that our patient has a vascular malformation.
Chase : from the vast amount of information you've gleaned from not being here?
House : The baby's liver damage is far too extensive. Dr. Cheng's an idiot.
Taub : In fairness, it wasn't completely her idea.
Taub : More of a Foreman kind of thing.
Foreman : House, we treated for a vascular malformation.
Foreman : And she got better.
House : No, she didn't. Call me when she crashes again.
Taub : That went well.
Cuddy : Everything okay?
Nurse : Come on. I know that look.
Justine : I'm just not used to seeing such emotion coming from you.
UNK: Well, I just gave birth. I'm like one big vat of hormones right now.
Justine : It's not just the hormones, Mom.
Justine : You're different with her.
Justine : It's okay, it's good. It's just...
Justine : I can't help thinking, "Where was this mom when I was growing up?"
UNK: Well, I never realized you considered me such a failure as a mother.
Justine : I don't consider you a failure. I just...
Justine : I never knew that there was an alternative.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: I think she feels wet.
UNK: Can you hold her a sec? I'm gonna grab a diaper.
UNK: Okay.
Justine : Mom, something's wrong.
Abbey : Oh! Nurse!
Abbey : She's bleeding again!
Wilson : All right, she's in her office. Move fast.
House : You see a double-wide tuchus coming this way, you scream like a girl.
Wilson : If Rachel wakes up, she's gonna tell Cuddy everything.
House : She's two.
House : Last night she was whining about the giant moose that lives outside her window.
UNK: Medusa at six o'clock. Don't look back. Move, move.
UNK: Hello.
UNK: Hello.
Wilson : I'm the friendly moose who lives outside your bedroom.
House : She hates that moose.
Wilson : Hand me the gel.
UNK: Okay.
House : Make it short. And do not pardon the pun.
House : Is it actually important that I understand what you say?