House : I said bed.
UNK: Wilson, hey! You up for a boys' night in?
Taub : Believe it or not, breathing problems can be caused by a liver problem.
Abbey : Then what's wrong with her liver?
Taub : Probably an abscess.
Taub : If we find it with the ultrasound,
Taub : we can drain it, make her better.
UNK: You'd be able to take her home by the end of the week.
Justine : Is she bleeding?
Chase : She's oozing from her IV site.
Chase : It's a symptom of liver failure. It's what we would expect to see.
Foreman : Dr. Cheng, we might need a unit of blood over here.
Taub : - Echogenic area in the liver. - Can you make it out?
Foreman : Doesn't seem to have the thick walls you'd expect from an abscess.
Taub : Lift her left shoulder so we can get a better look.
Abbey : Can I do it? I haven't been able to hold her yet.
UNK: Dr. Cheng : She's hooked up to too many tubes and IVs.
Abbey : Can I at least donate blood?
UNK: Dr. Cheng : Of course. We'll draw your blood and see if you're a match
UNK: Dr. Cheng : as soon as we're done here.
Foreman : That's definitely not an abscess.
Chase : It looks like dilated bile ducts.
Abbey : What does that mean? Can I still take her home soon?
Taub : You were right about the liver.
Taub : On ultrasound, we found intrahepatic dilated bile ducts.
Taub : Extrahepatic ducts were normal.
UNK: No.
Taub : Are you okay?
House : Just talking in a soothing voice.
House : Not for your benefit.
Foreman : House, there's someone here I need you to meet.
Foreman : I just hired Dr. Christina Fraser.
UNK: What? FOREMAN : House, you're kidding, right?
Foreman : I've done my due diligence. She's the best there is.
UNK: Dr. Frasier : What did I do?
House : That whooshing sound is the air being let out of his ego.
Foreman : You are such an ass, House. You could've made the same point without
Foreman : crushing the hopes of a young doctor who was
Foreman : actually excited to have this job.
UNK: Taub, it's your turn to find a young doctor who's actually excited to have this job.
House : Not until you, or she, earns it.
UNK: It means that it's a stricture in the ducts themselves. Caroli syndrome.
House : So open her up.
UNK: Surgery?
Taub : This is a newborn with liver failure.
Taub : She's oozing blood from every puncture site.
Taub : It's insanely risky to open her up.
UNK: House, Via Speakerphone : So make teeny tiny incisions with a really small scalpel.
Wilson : You told me you gave them your credit card.
House : And you were dumb enough to believe me.
House : Cuddy will be back in an hour and 10 minutes.
House : I'll be back in an hour and five.
UNK: Oh, no, you don't.
House : Oh, yes, I do.
Wilson : You're not gonna leave the kid. Yes, I am.
UNK: Because unlike you, I don't have a conscience.
Wilson : Unlike you, I'm not having sex with Cuddy, so I actually can leave.
UNK: You're bluffing. I'm leaving.
Wilson : You're not gonna leave a two-year-old unattended.
UNK: True. I'm leaving her with you. A responsible adult.
UNK: You better get back in there. The kid's all alone.
House : It's kind of bugging you, isn't it? Not my problem.
House : Since objectively, you care more about
House : leaving a child alone than I do, it kind of is.
Wilson : Objectively, since I never accepted this responsibility, it kind of isn't.
House : True. And yet it is. Because you're you.
House : I'm leaving.
House : I'm leaving.
Wilson : You're not gonna leave. You can't.
Wilson : Fine. You're right.
Wilson : You know what I can do?
Wilson : I can go in there and call a babysitting service for 15 bucks an hour,
Wilson : then call Cuddy and tell her who's watching her kid and why.
House : I'll stay if you stay.
Wilson : We were gone two minutes.