Gates : Yes, sir.
UNK: Now,
Beckett : if you don't mind,
Beckett : I'd like my gun back.
Beckett : Showing her up with the mayor?
Beckett : You might as well have beaten a beehive with a bat.
CASTLE : It worked, didn't it?
Castle : Besides, it sure was great seeing her face twitch like that.
BECKETT : Sonya Gilbert?
Ryan : Yep. Guns, drugs and love gone wrong.
Beckett : Where are you with the boyfriend?
RYAN : APB is out, but he hasn't been home,
UNK: and none of his bandmates know where he is.
Castle : What was his motiv RYAN : The usual.e?
Ryan : He and the vic had been fighting.
Ryan : He was in love, she wanted out.
ESPOSITO : Psst!
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : I pulled the report on the fire from records.
Esposito : Check the date.
Beckett : That warehouse burned down three weeks after my mom's murder.
Ryan : That can't be a coincidence.
Castle : Someone was destroying evidence.
Castle : Evidence that could lead to your mom's killers.
Beckett : But the investigator ruled it an accident.
Esposito : And there's nothing in there to suggest arson.
Ryan : Maybe someone altered it.
Castle : There's an easy way to find out.
Castle : Just ask the man who wrote the report. Rod Halstead.
Beckett : Unless they got to him, too.
UNK: No, he's alive and on the job.
Esposito : Now, get your ass over there
Esposito : and find something we can use to reopen the investigation.
Gates : Ryan! Esposito!
Esposito : Yeah, we were just...
Esposito : Yeah, we were just getting a drink of water.
UNK: Ryan. : Yeah, is that thing broken? I just...
Gates : Saddle up. We just got a hit on the APB.
UNK: A beat cop ID'd Sonya Gilbert's boyfriend
Gates : heading into the band's rehearsal garage on the Lower East Side.
Gates : You, too, Beckett!
UNK: SOFTLY Hide this.
Esposito : Hey. You ready for this?
Beckett : You're kidding, right?
UNK: Okay. But we got point.
Beckett : Let's go.
MITCH : What the hell were you thinking coming here, Dale? Huh?
DALE : Please, bro. I just need some money...
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : NYPD! Let me see your hands right now!
UNK: Let me see them. Show me! Down! Put them in the air!
UNK: Lay down on the ground! Stop!
Esposito : Get on the ground!
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY