Castle : You know, just until you get your bearings again.
Beckett : How am I supposed to get my bearings
Beckett : when someone out there wants me dead?
Castle : By not letting them rob you of your life.
Castle : I promise you we will figure this out.
UNK: We're gonna find them and we're gonna make them pay.
Castle : Just not today.
Beckett : Castle, if I don't do this, I don't know who I am.
Castle : You're who you always were.
Castle : You're the one who honors the victims.
Castle : You're the one who can bring Sonya's family some peace.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Anything?
Ryan : According to the DA, we just turned a slam-dunk case into a Hail Mary.
ESPOSITO : Yeah, superc op over here had to keep digging, so, you know.
UNK: And?
UNK: CSU found trace residual of barbiturat es in the vodka glasses,
Esposito : which means Dale and Sonya were both roofied
Esposito : when they got back to the apartment.
Castle : Well, it still could have been the boyfriend, right?
Castle : I mean, he could have meant to roofie her,
Castle : but roofied them both instead, not that that makes any sense.
UNK: But what other explanation is there?
Ryan : There was no one else in the apartment,
Ryan : and according to the security system, no one else
Ryan : entered or left the apartment between 10 : 00 p.m. and 9 : 00 a.m.
Esposito : Which means the boyfriend has to be the shooter.
UNK: Unless... ALL : Unless what?
Beckett : The killer was in the apartment the whole time.
Castle : When they came home, they thought they were alone.
BECKETT : Meanwhile, while they're out of the room,
Beckett : the killer slips out, spikes their drinks,
UNK: and then slips back into his hiding place, where he...
Castle : Or she. ...waits for them to pass out.
UNK: Literally lying in wait.
Ryan : That's creepy.
BECKETT : And then a couple of hours later,
Beckett : he slips out again, grabs the pillow, and bam.
UNK: And then he... Or she.
Beckett : ...wipes the gun clean and puts it into Dale's hand.
UNK: Who wakes up, he panics, he runs.
Castle : All the while, our killer bides his time,
UNK: waiting till the body is discovered before he makes his...
UNK: Jim Beckett : Or her.
UNK: ...escape. Gentlemen, would you?
Josh : One, two, three.
UNK: The bloodstain on the bottom of the mattress
Castle : dripped down onto the carpet.
Castle : There's no drip marks in the middle. Your light?
UNK: Ah.
RYAN : Fingerprints.
CASTLE : Someone was here.
Beckett : Looks like they found a killer hiding place.
Esposito : Hiding under a bed for hours while the girl you just shot bleeds out?
UNK: You've gotta be one sick bastard to do something like that.
Castle : It's actually pretty clever.
Castle : You commit a murder and frame an innocent man, all at the same time.
Esposito : And then you get away with it
Beckett : because the police already think they have their killer.
Beckett : No one's looking for you.
Esposito : Mitch Yancey. That's Dale's bandmate.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : Ryan. Let's go.
Martha : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I don't even... MITCH : Put the gun down!
Mitch : I said put it down!
UNK: Just let me walk out of here, okay? That's all I want.
UNK: Don't... Don't...
Beckett : Don't move, Mitch!
MITCH : I'll shoot you, I swear!
Castle : Take it easy, Kate.
Mitch : I just need you to let me go.
Castle : Take it easy. You've got this.
Castle : You've got this.
MITCH : Just put it down and stay back.
Mitch : Stay back!
BECKETT : You don't wanna do this, Mitch.
Beckett : Because I will have to put you down.
Beckett : Do you understand?
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Beckett : Put that gun down now.
Beckett : Turn around. Hands behind your head.
UNK: SIGHS
Esposito : Mitch Yancey, you're under arrest.
UNK: HANDCUFFS CLICKING
RYAN : Turns out Mitch had been seeing Sonya secretly for a year,
Ryan : all the time she was with Dale.
Castle : Mitch insisted that she leave Dale,
Castle : but instead, she broke it off with him.
Castle : So this was Mitch's plan to take care of them both.
RYAN : He knew Sonya's security code, but to frame Dale,
Ryan : he knew that the system couldn't record anyone else
Ryan : entering or exiting the apartment around the time of the murder.
Ryan : So he used a key that he'd stolen to slip in hours earlier in the day.
UNK: Jim Beckett : All right. Cut the boyfriend loose.
Gates : I'll brief the press and let them know we have a confession.
UNK: So how's it feel?
Beckett : It's not enough.
UNK: But it's enough for now.
Castle : Thank you for having my back in there.
UNK: It's what partners are for.
Castle : Oh, and hey,
Castle : we'll figure it out.
Castle : That wall inside? It won't be there forever.
Castle : You're right.
Castle : I do need to grow up.
Castle : And that's why I'm doing what I'm doing.
Castle : Everything that's happened, happened because of me.
Castle : And I need to be there for her. I owe her that.
Alexis : Does she make you happy?
Castle : Yeah, she does.
Alexis : Is it enough?
Beckett : It's enough for now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Dad?
Alexis : Don't grow up too much, okay?
UNK: Hey.
Castle : It's me we're talking about.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : You're probably surprised to see me back here.
UNK: I bet most cops never come back after they pass their psych eval.
UNK: DR. BURKE : Everyone's different. Yeah.