UNK: investigate their own shooting.
Gates : My precinct is no place for vendettas.
Gates : Do we understand each other?
Beckett : I want my gun.
UNK: So you gotta re-qualify. It's no big deal.
UNK: It is a little insulting...
Beckett : Where are the files on the money trail?
Ryan : Castle's got them.
Ryan : What were we supposed to do?
Ryan : Leave them here so Gates can find them?
Esposito : First thing she would do is open an investigation on Montgomery.
Ryan : You want to see the files, you're gonna have to talk to him.
Ryan : Whatever you do, don't get caught.
UNK: Oh, come on. What's she gonna do? Bust me down to traffic?
Ryan : Worse. It's not like it was before. CELL PHONE RINGS
Ryan : We go against her orders on this, we could all lose our badges.
Ryan : Yeah. Ryan. Yeah, what've you got?
Esposito : He is paranoid, but right.
Beckett : Well, then I guess I better not get caught.
UNK: Hey, we got a fresh one. 18th and Lex.
Ryan : You coming?
UNK: No. I think I'm gonna sit this one out.
RYAN : If she keeps looking into this, we could all lose our jobs.
ESPOSITO : What about her life?
Esposito : Shooter's still out there. How's she supposed to live like that?
UNK: Hmm. Someone had a party.
Lanie : Victim is Sonya Gilbert, 27. This is her place.
Lanie : Sonya Gilbert, as in paparazzi-favorite party girl.
LANIE : Multiple GSWs to the chest.
Lanie : The killer used the pillow as a poor-man's suppressor.
Ryan : Gunshots to the chest, huh? Good thing Beckett sat this one out.
Lanie : Beckett's back?
Ryan : Yeah. She hasn't called you either?
Lanie : Not for weeks.
Uniform : Victim's sister found her an hour ago.
Uniform : They were supposed to go shopping today.
Uniform : Alarm system was activated around 10 : 00 last night,
Uniform : right after the victim and her boyfriend were seen returning home.
UNK: Wasn't deactivated till 9 : 00 a.m. this morning.
UNK: Boyfriend was spotted leaving the apartment right after that.
Esposito : Time of death?
UNK: Between 3 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.
Esposito : This boyfriend have a name?
Uniform : Vic's sister identified him as a Dale Landers.
Ryan : Drummer from Particle Equation.
Ryan : They've been dating for six months.
UNK: Peoplemagazine. What?
UNK: Get a unit to his last-known and get an APB out.
UNK: Dead celebutante, heavy-metal drummer.
UNK: Castle would've loved this one.
Ryan : Hey, you think maybe Beckett can talk the new captain into bringing him back?
Esposito : She left him hanging for three months.
Esposito : What makes you think he's gonna want to come back?
CASTLE : Well, that makes you my favorite fan.
UNK: WOMAN GIGGLES
UNK: Thanks.
GINNY : I can't believe I'm meeting you right now.
UNK: Woman 2 : You're my favorite author.
Beckett : Thank you for coming out.
UNK: GIGGLES
Castle : How are you?
UNK: Hi, there. Who should I make it out to? And your name is?
UNK: And your name is? Sure can.
UNK: How you doing? How are you Thanks for coming. And your name is?
UNK: And who should I make it out to?
UNK: Who should I make it out to?
UNK: Kate.
Doctor : You can make it out to Kate.
Castle : Thank you very much. Thank you very much for the hard work.
Castle : Next time I write a book, I'll be sure to come by.
Castle : Thanks very much.
WOMAN : It was really fun, wasn't it?
Beckett : Castle, wait.
Castle : I did. Three months. You never called.
Beckett : Look, I know you're angry...
Castle : You're damn right I'm angry.
Castle : I watched you die in that ambulance. Did you know that?
Castle : You know what that's like,
Castle : watching the life drain out of someone you...
Castle : Someone you care about?
Beckett : I told you. I needed some time.
Castle : You said a few days.
Beckett : I needed more.
Castle : Well, you should have said that.
Beckett : Castle, look, I couldn't call you. Okay?
Beckett : Not without dragging myself
Beckett : into everything that I was just trying to get some space from.
Beckett : I needed some time to just work through everything.
Castle : Josh help you with that?
Beckett : We broke up.
Beckett : I like the dedication.
Castle : It seemed right.
Beckett : Must have been hard writing that ending.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, given the circumstances, yeah.
UNK: So why'd you guys break up?
Beckett : I really, really liked him.
Beckett : But that wasn't enough.
Beckett : After my mother was killed something inside me changed.
Beckett : It's like I built up this wall inside.
Beckett : I don't know, I guess I just didn't wanna hurt like that again.
UNK: I know I'm not gonna be able to be the kind of person that I want to be.
UNK: I know I'm not gonna...