Foreman : and her dad.
Wilson : What do you think it means?
House : She likes school and she has daddy issues.
House : Neither of which helps us.
Chase : So now what do we do? Start over?
Chase : We obviously missed something.
Thirteen : What about the liver?
Taub : What about her left toe?
Taub : Oh, sorry,
Taub : I thought we were randomly picking out body parts
Taub : that had nothing to do with her symptoms.
Thirteen : Liver's responsible for proteins,
Thirteen : immunological effects, production of red blood cells.
UNK: Might be able to explains the lungs, the hallucinations...
House : Not the aortic dissection.
Foreman : Her kidneys are also failing.
Chase : Polycystic disease could explain the dissection.
House : So, that's one imperfect theory
House : plus a rare complication of a second theory,
House : which gives us a complete explanation.
House : Don't polish the notion, Foreman.
Foreman : Pineal gland is calcified.
Taub : It's supposed to be calcified. Happens after puberty.
Foreman : What if it's obscuring a tumor?
Foreman : It's the only place we couldn't look inside.
House : Get a better look at her pineal gland
House : with three Tesla fast-spin echo MRI.
Cuddy : You're pacing my office 'cause you're buying furniture?
Wilson : No. I'm pacing your office
Wilson : because I'm physically incapable of buying furniture.
Cuddy : For Amber's old place?
Wilson : Yeah. It needs some new...
Cuddy : I know you bought the place I wanted.
Cuddy : You're a jerk, let's move on. Hire a decorator.
Wilson : I'm supposed to find me.
Cuddy : Backpack through Europe.
Cuddy : I know it's hard to believe,
Cuddy : but you know what says even more
Cuddy : about who you are than your furniture?
Wilson : The fact that you are letting House
Cuddy : tell you how to buy furniture.
Cuddy : Call Beatrice.
Foreman : MRI revealed no remarkable features on her pineal gland,
Foreman : but there were slightly elevated levels
Foreman : of lactate dehydrogenase isoenzymes.
House : Which we would expect to see
House : if there was an allergic reaction happening.
Foreman : There's definitely no allergy.
Foreman : Parasite? There's this Middle Eastern parasite...
House : How exactly do you want to be shot down?
House : On the basis of the fact that she's never
House : been within 6,000 miles of the Middle East.
House : Or on the basis of the fact that all our scans
House : and urine samples came back clean.
House : And yet she's still failing. System after system.
House : So, either we find the answer at autopsy or...
UNK: What?
UNK: I got nothing.
Taub : I was gonna head out. If there's any change, I assume you'll page me.
House : Are you having an affair?
House : Does it bother you that your wife doesn't have the guts
House : to actually ask that question and I do?
Taub : On both ends, yes.
House : Difference is, I'm not afraid of the answer.
House : And I might believe you.
Taub : I'm not having an affair.
House : But you want to.
Taub : No, I don't.
Taub : I'm through living like that.
UNK: Why?
House : What, you finally got to the point
House : where half your age plus seven
House : just isn't young enough?
Taub : Talk to you later, House.
House : Or is it because you now really are old enough to be their...
House : The dad.
House : Does he travel for work?
UNK: What do you mean, does he? He died almost 10 years ago.
House : Not hers. Her boyfriend's.
House : He's the one in her visions.
House : I'm your son's girlfriend's doctor.
UNK: Oh!
House : It's a mouthful, but probably not as tricky as your title.
Artie : Okay. Is Abby gonna be all right?
House : Do you travel a lot?
Artie : Yeah, I have a food import business. Why?
UNK: Where do you go?
Artie : All over. France, Italy, the Mediterranean? Why?
House : I think you exposed her to a parasite.
UNK: Oh!
Artie : I thought the scans didn't show any.
House : Because she doesn't have any.
Artie : But you just said... It's cool.
House : My theory is that her body was able to kill off the parasite,
House : but what it couldn't do was get rid of the shell,
House : which doesn't show up on the scans.