Foreman : as to where your brain thinks the problem is.
Artie : A lot of "hopefullys."
Nick : Could it hurt her?
Foreman : We're at a diagnostic dead end.
Foreman : We've got to try something.
Rachel : This is much better than lunch.
Taub : I agree.
Rachel : What made you think of this?
Taub : I missed you.
UNK: No, I mean this. The car in the parking lot.
Rachel : I just don't like feeling like
Rachel : maybe this isn't the first time you've done this.
Taub : It's the first. I love you. You know that, right?
UNK: Yes.
Taub : I want you to be able to trust me.
Rachel : And I want to, but...
House : Inspiration Point doesn't open till after dark.
House : Got a real cool magic show about to start.
House : Also, I'm gonna need to check your spare.
Chase : Abby, can you think of something specific?
Rachel : Like what?
Thirteen : Doesn't matter. Just make it a single image.
Thirteen : What are you thinking?
Artie : About Nick playing baseball.
Taub : Holy crap.
Chase : That's amazing.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : Now all we have to do is read her subconscious
Foreman : and hope that it's completely rational and went to med school.
Chase : Does anything get you excited?
Saleswoman : Can I help you with something?
UNK: Yes.
Wilson : I was wondering if you could tell me
Wilson : a little bit about this dining table.
Saleswoman : It's made of wood and you eat off it.
Wilson : So you're paid by commission?
Saleswoman : It's furniture.
Saleswoman : Find something you like, let me know, I'll ring it up.
Wilson : Thank you so much.
Wilson : Okay, that's... That's not...
Gabiella : That is a remarkable collection, if I can show it to you.
Gabiella : I'm Gabriella.
Wilson : I'm really just looking for a nice dining room table.
Gabriella : I see. You're daring.
Wilson : Yes, I do that sometimes.
Wilson : But right now, why am I daring?
UNK: Mr. Damon : You're not constrained by rules.
Gabriella : What else attracts you in the patio section?
Wilson : Wait. This is a patio table? For outside?
Foreman : Well, it's taken us just over an hour
Foreman : to prove that she has a very boring subconscious.
House : Anyone ever tell you you can be a real buzzkill?
UNK: Yes.
Taub : Stars. Maybe that's a stripe.
House : It's the sky.
House : She's thinking about the moon and the stars in the sky.
Foreman : She's going to Stanford to study physics.
Foreman : It's not a big revelation that she'd think about the sky.
UNK: Or a star could be a white blood cell. Leukemia?
House : Who's that?
Thirteen : Her dad? He died when she was eight.
House : What did Daddy die of?
UNK: Private plane crash. No connection.
Foreman : Stars, moon, sky, white blood cells, heart valves,
Foreman : black holes, or anus,
Foreman : or a million other circular passageways into the body,