Abby : It's a black hole.
Foreman : She's hallucinating.
Taub : I certainly hope so.
UNK: Hallucination means brain problem.
Chase : Brain problems don't split your aorta.
Foreman : A vascular problem could explain both.
Foreman : Inflammation in the blood vessel walls
Foreman : leads to dissection in the aorta
Foreman : and could cause an aneurysm in the brain
Foreman : that could cause the visions.
Thirteen : It's a bit convoluted,
Thirteen : but brain and heart function are susceptible, too.
UNK: If there was any sign of the inflammation of the aorta,
House : that would make sense.
UNK: House! That's not funny.
UNK: I've got enough problems already!
House : Trust me, this is gonna help.
Foreman : An aneurysm explains the hallucinations,
Foreman : and it's the one thing we haven't excluded from the differential.
House : Your texting does not prove you're faithful.
House : It just proves you know she thinks you're unfaithful.
UNK: You can't force trust. What did she hallucinate?
Thirteen : The content of the hallucination isn't relevant.
House : Not usually.
Foreman : Not ever.
House : We know nothing, brain knows all.
House : You get an ulcer, you don't know it,
House : but the brain increases mucin secretions.
House : It knows what the problem is,
UNK: it knows where the problem is.
Foreman : It's a big logical jump from a body's immune response
Foreman : to the brain giving subconscious diagnostic clues.
Chase : What about dreaming about waterfalls, running streams
Chase : if you need to go to the bathroom?
Foreman : Sure. That's the same as the brain shouting, "You have pancreatic cancer."
House : Her subconscious is trying to tell her something.
House : We need to eavesdrop.
Taub : She was screaming she was being sucked into a black hole.
Taub : So we should look for a tumor in her anus.
House : We need the whole story.
UNK: A cognitive pattern recognition program
House : might tell us what's going on in her head.
Foreman : Or we could act on something
Foreman : based in science, not science fiction.
Foreman : Get an MRA with contrast to see if she has an aneurysm.
Foreman : Unless you think Cuddy's gonna go for the mind reading.
House : Fine. Do the MRA.
House : When it comes back negative,
House : we can move on to the crazy, but possible, ideas.