Wilson : Would you mind at least putting a napkin under your jelly toast?
House : Get a table and I won't eat on the couch.
Wilson : Yes, you will.
House : But I won't have a good excuse.
Wilson : Why don't you go get a table?
UNK: It's not my condo.
Wilson : You have my permission.
Wilson : Pick out whatever you want.
House : Then it would be a reflection of me, not you.
House : That wouldn't be right.
Wilson : No, it would be a reflection of the fact
Wilson : that the guy who's been mooching off of me
Wilson : for as long as I can remember
Wilson : isn't a complete ingrate.
House : You've never furnished a home.
Wilson : I have furnished a bunch of homes.
House : No, you've married a bunch of women
UNK: who've furnished a bunch of homes.
Wilson : You want to eat off something, fine,
Wilson : move your piano in here and eat off that.
House : You're afraid.
Wilson : Of a dining table?
Wilson : You know, they don't actually come to life
Wilson : when you put a knob off your bedpost on them.
House : You are what you sit in.
House : Your friends, your job, your furnishings, it all defines you.
Wilson : You don't really believe that.
Wilson : You just don't want to do the shopping.
House : Buy some furniture
House : or admit that you're empty inside.
UNK: Hmm.
Chase : X-rays confirm the fluid that almost suffocated her to death
Chase : was from pulmonary edema.
UNK: Means the problem is either in her heart or lungs.
Thirteen : Tox screen's clean for everything except the alcohol,
Thirteen : and her BAC was barely.05.
Chase : Means she only had one or two drinks, tops.
House : And there's no sign of trauma.
Taub : How did you know?
House : Because if there was,
House : Cuddy wouldn't have needed me to take the case.
UNK: How'd you know Cuddy... Foreman's the only one with the balls
House : to take a case without checking with me
House : and he's still working on breakfast, which means that
UNK: the 18, no, 17-year-old honor student...
Thirteen : Cuddy has a soft spot for smart girls,
Thirteen : and they don't start drinking
Thirteen : until second semester senior year.
House : So, either you think that smart women look out for each other,
House : which means you're an idiot,
House : or you think Cuddy's not smart, which means...
House : Well, I guess it's the same both ways.
Thirteen : Then how did you...
House : Picture fell out of the file.
House : She looks smart.
House : Where's Taub?
Wilson : You don't already know?
House : Yeah, he's at home in a fight with his wife.
House : I'm just curious what he wanted me to know.
Chase : His car has a flat tire. He's waiting for a tow truck.
Foreman : What about rising blood pressure from binge drinking?
Foreman : It could set off a hypertensive crisis, cause heart failure.
Chase : Two drinks is hardly a binge.
UNK: Certainly not if you're an Aussie,
UNK: but when an American school girl
UNK: has two drinks before 10 : 00 a.m.,
UNK: it's a pretty sure bet that the plan is to have a lot more.
UNK: It probably wasn't the first time she had that plan.
Chase : We'll get a C-13 pyruvate MRI
Chase : to check for cardiac lactic-acid levels.
House : Someone call Taub.
House : Tell him to cut the ball and chain on his own time.
Taub : We're arguing about couples yoga.
Rachel : No. We're arguing over the fact
Rachel : that we don't ever do anything together anymore.
Rachel : We don't ever do anything together?
Rachel : Chris, I love you, but I swear, if you start talking to me
Rachel : like I'm on the witness stand again, I'm gonna break your neck.
Taub : Honey, we do stuff together all the time.
Rachel : Really? Like what?
UNK: And besides sleeping, watching TV, going out to dinner,
Rachel : what do we do together, just the two of us?
UNK: We...
Taub : You don't like going out to dinner?
UNK: Mr. Damon : All right, I'll do the yoga.
Rachel : Forget it.