House : That little piece of microscopic garbage
House : set off an allergic reaction called Cerebellar Schistosomiasis
House : delayed Hypersensitivity Allergy or "CSDHA."
House : Risky, unpleasant treatment, but completely curable.
Artie : Well, that's fantastic.
House : You'd think so, wouldn't you? Only thing is,
House : did you ever have sex with your son's girlfriend?
Artie : Where the hell do you get off...
House : Shut up.
House : See, I can't treat this unless I can confirm it.
House : The only way she could have been exposed
House : to this parasite is sexually,
House : which means she's gonna die very soon
House : unless you admit that you slept with her.
Nick : Dad. What's going on?
House : Gee, this is bad,
House : because you now have to choose between
House : her living and the truth becoming public,
House : and frankly, given what the truth is, it's a tough call.
Artie : You'd broken up. She was crying...
House : Your girlfriend is not allergic to your semen.
House : She's allergic to the Egyptian parasites
House : swimming around in your dad's semen.
Nick : You slept with Abby?
Artie : I was drunk. We both...
House : No need to explain. Technically, she was legal.
Artie : Wait, wait! Wait!
House : Hey, all things considered, it's actually great news.
Wilson : So, what do you think?
House : You wussed out and used a decorator.
Wilson : Why can't that be me? A wuss who loves decorators.
UNK: Because it's not.
Wilson : Okay, it's not.
Wilson : But don't return it. I can't keep doing this.
House : You have to. You can't keep letting other people define you.
House : Not another elephant.
UNK: The decorator didn't pick this.
Wilson : You're gonna have to buy your own cape.
House : I like what this says about you, Wilson.
UNK: Wait, I don't remember him at the wedding, do you?
Taub : I don't remember most of the people who were at our wedding.
Taub : Which is why
Taub : I thought I'd ask the love of my life to marry me.
Rachel : We're already married.
Taub : I want to be better at it.
UNK: Well, that's beautiful.
UNK: What did you tell him?
Taub : That it doesn't mean she doesn't love him.
House : And he bought it?
Taub : It's true.
House : Your wife say yes?
Taub : How did you know...
House : Monkey see, monkey do.
House : At least he has the "young and stupid" excuse.
Taub : She said yes.
House : Good for you.
Wilson : Thank you.