Freedman : So, Agent Stack spoke very highly of you.
Freedman : Smart, tenacious, innovative thinker.
Freedman : Said you were a good candidate for the opening on the AG investigative team.
Beckett : Well, I appreciate his confidence, sir.
Freedman : You don't agree?
UNK: No, sir, it's just that, um...
Beckett : I'm a Homicide detective. I don't have any federal experience.
Freedman : Attorney General's not looking for federal experience.
Freedman : He wants people who can get the job done.
Freedman : And from everything I've read, that might be you.
Beckett : Well, that's very kind of you, sir.
Freedman : It's not kind. It's what you believe to be true, isn't it?
Freedman : It's why you got on the plane this morning.
Freedman : Because given your background, your qualifications, and your track record,
Freedman : you know that you're headed for bigger things.
Freedman : Just like you know that opportunities like this
Freedman : come along once, maybe twice in a lifetime.
Freedman : But if that's not what you believe,
UNK: if you think that you're just a Homicide cop,
Freedman : door's right over there.
Beckett : No, sir. I know why I'm here.
Freedman : Well, take a seat. Let's get started.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Dad, we need to talk. - Which of these do you like better?
Alexis : Dad, I'm serious.
Castle : I like the green one,
UNK: but it kinda looks like a giant green lizard is attacking the city.
Castle : Which is cool, but it's not what the book's about.
Castle : So I either rewrite the book to make it about a giant lizard, or...
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Dad. - Magenta. You're right.
Castle : It's classic, it's cool, it tells the story.
UNK: Alexis Castle : - Dad. - What?
UNK: Professor Rankowsky still hasn't received the check
Alexis : for my Costa Rica trip.
Castle : He didn't? That's so weird.
Alexis : You didn't send it, did you?
Castle : Why do you want to go study the rainforest for six weeks anyway?
Alexis : Dad, we talked about this.
Castle : I know, but you're going to be staying in the middle of a jungle.
Castle : Miles away from the nearest phone, hours from the nearest hospital.
Castle : You could be bitten by a poisonous spider, or a poisonous snake.
Castle : I looked it up. Toucans are extremely aggressive this time of year.
Alexis : Is this about Paris?
Castle : I will admit to being
Castle : slightly overprotective in light of recent events.
Alexis : Dad, I can't stop living my life because of what happened.
Alexis : And, yeah, I still have nightmares, but that's one of the reasons I want to go.
Alexis : I don't want to let fear win.
Castle : No. No, of course, you're right.
Castle : I'll write the check.
UNK: But it's not gonna stop me from worrying about you. Or missing you.
UNK: And I wouldn't want you to. But it's only six weeks.
Alexis : It's not like I'm going away forever.
Castle : No, but it sounds like someone has.
UNK: - Always a pleasure. - Hey, Castle.
UNK: - Good to see ya. - Hey.
UNK: - Hey, Sito. - Hey.
Castle : Where's Beckett?
Esposito : How the hell should I know?
Esposito : Aren't you two practically living together now?
Castle : Well, she left me alone for a couple days so I could finish Deadly Heat,
Castle : which, by the way, is both deadly and hot, thank you very much for asking.
Esposito : I didn't.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : - Sorry I'm late. - Everything okay?
Beckett : Um... Yeah, fine. So, what've we got?
Esposito : This way.
UNK: The Cedric's your pretty typical no-star residential hotel.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Mostly transients and foreign tourists that don't know any better.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Guests started complaining of a strange-colored water