Tory : Then she moved on to client and personal files.
Esposito : Do we know what she was looking for?
Ryan : Hard to say. But for the last few nights,
Ryan : Erika became very focused on the firm's accounting department.
Esposito : The accounting department?
Ryan : It appears that she was looking into lan Blaylock's billable hours records.
Tory : Focusing exclusively on one week last summer.
Beckett : Wait a minute. That's the same week as Pamela Bonner's car accident.
UNK: Right. Now, check it out. The highway patrol determined that
UNK: Pam Bonner's accident occurred between 1 : 30 and 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: And lan Blaylock billed for an incoming phone call from a client at 1 : 45 a.m.
Esposito : So, you think one of his clients might have been involved.
Esposito : Maybe ran her off the road.
Ryan : According to the highway patrol, it was a one-car accident.
Beckett : You guys, what if Erika was right?
Beckett : What if Pamela wasn't driving drunk or in her high heels?
Beckett : In fact, what if Pamela wasn't driving at all?
Espostio : Someone else was driving.
Espostio : Someone who crashed and didn't want to be blamed for Pam's death.
Espostio : So he put her behind the wheel, fled the scene.
Beckett : And then called their lawyer. Who made that phone call to Blaylock?
Tori : For security, the firm replaces its clients' names with codes.
Tori : This one's 47BGO.
UNK: Okay, that firm's never gonna give up that information.
Beckett : Let's see where else that code shows up. Cross-reference it.
UNK: See if we can ID our person from there.
Tory : You don't have to look too far. Blaylock billed that very same client
Tory : for a round of golf the day after the car crash.
Esposito : Well, that would be a perfect place to discuss details.
Esposito : No one would overhear them.
Beckett : So according to the starter at the pro shop,
Beckett : Blaylock was playing golf with another member, Colin Rigsdale III.
Ryan : - Of the Rigsdale political family? - Yeah.
Ryan : Word is, Daddy's grooming him for a state Senate run.
Esposito : Not if this gets out. A fatal car crash with a college chick?
UNK: - Nah, he'd be done. - That's why he was covering it up.
Ryan : With Blaylock's help, until the guilt set in.
UNK: And then Erika started poking around, and people started dying.
UNK: It says here Rigsdale's still represented by Banks and Bauer.
Beckett : Give them a call. Tell them I'm coming.
UNK: Right.
Ryan : Hey. What's going on? Where's Castle?
Esposito : Don't ask.
Beckett : Thank you for meeting with me, Mr. Rigsdale.
UNK: Colin Rigsdale Iii : Well, when Jessica told me someone had hacked into their system,
UNK: Colin Rigsdale Iii : I was, of course, concerned.
UNK: Colin Rigsdale Iii : I think we all know what my political opponents might do
UNK: Colin Rigsdale Iii : if they managed to access confidential information.
Banks : So the girl who hacked into our system, did you find out what she was after?
Beckett : Yes, and we also believe we know why she was killed.
Beckett : Are you familiar with a girl named Pamela Bonner?
Banks : Detective, what is this about?
Beckett : Mr. Rigsdale?
Rigsdale : Name's not familiar.
Beckett : Really? I understand that she was an intern here at the firm last year.
Beckett : Isn't that correct?
Beckett : And isn't it also correct
UNK: that you attended the Banks and Bauer summer associate party last year?
Banks : Don't answer that. Detective, what are you doing?
Beckett : The same thing that my victim, Erika Albrook, was doing.
Beckett : Trying to figure out how her best friend, Pamela Bonner, actually died.
Banks : Her death was an accident.
UNK: Really? Then why do we have a record of lan Blaylock,
UNK: Mr. Rigsdale's attorney at the time,
UNK: receiving a phone call from him at 1 : 45 that night?
Banks : Detective, this is privileged information. It's inadmissible.
Beckett : And we're not in court.
Banks : This meeting is over. You need to leave. Now.
Castle : Just tell me, how am I supposed to trust her?
Castle : How am I even supposed to be in a relationship with her
Castle : - if she won't let me in? - Well, Richard...
Castle : After everything that we've been through together, I...
Castle : I just don't understand.
Martha : I hate to say it, kiddo, but I do.