Beckett : I better go end it.
Castle : There you are. I'm sorry it took me so long to write it.
Castle : Go have fun.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad.
Alexis : Dad, are you okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : You seem sad.
Castle : No. I'm fine.
Alexis : It's only Costa Rica. I'll be back before you know it.
Castle : Oh, that's sweet, but, no, it's not about that.
UNK: It's something your grandmother told me.
Castle : Comes a point in our lives when we have to stop fooling ourselves
Castle : into thinking life's gonna be the way we want it to be.
Castle : Start seeing things for how they really are.
Martin : So, I was there. So what?
UNK: I needed a place in the city to stay for a couple of nights. Is that a crime?
Beckett : No. But killing a girl is.
UNK: What did your brother promise you, Martin?
UNK: Respectability for the black sheep? A place at the family table...
Martin : I told you, I've never seen this girl before in my life.
Martin : You're wasting your time.
Beckett : Do you have any idea how many people have sat across that table
Beckett : and confessed their sins to me?
Beckett : What makes you think that you're any different? Any smarter?
Beckett : You've only been in this room for one hour.
Beckett : But this room...
Beckett : This room has been my life. My home.
Beckett : And I will not let you sit there and lie to me in my own home.
Beckett : This is a partial print found at the crime scene, in the victim's blood.
Beckett : It's a match to yours, Martin. Am I still wasting my time?
Beckett : I've got enough to convict you.
Beckett : So the question is, how many years of your own life
UNK: are you gonna sacrifice for someone else's future?
Beckett : Or are you ready to deal?
Beckett : He's prepared to give a statement implicating his brother in both murders,
Beckett : as well as the accident. Would you guys mind taking it?
Esposito : - Yo, Kate. - Yeah?
Esposito : - What's up? - Yeah. What's going on?
Beckett : Look, there's something that I have to tell you guys,
Beckett : but there's someone else that I have to tell first.
Beckett : - Castle. - It's me.
UNK: Alexis Castle : We need to talk.
Castle : Yeah. We do.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Beckett : I shouldn't have kept secrets.
Castle : It's who you are. You don't let people in.
Castle : I've had to scratch and claw for every inch.
Beckett : - Castle... - Please, let me finish.
Castle : I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, about our relationship.
Castle : What we have. Where we're headed.
Castle : I've decided I want more.
Castle : We both deserve more.
Beckett : I agree.
Castle : So, whatever happens,
Castle : whatever you decide,
Castle : Katherine Houghton Beckett,
Castle : will you marry me?