Martha : Look, the truth is Katherine is a bright, ambitious woman.
Martha : She should be interviewing for that job.
Castle : Whose side are you on?
Martha : You want her to put you first
Martha : when neither one of you know where the relationship is going.
Martha : Do you know how absurd that is?
Martha : I mean, that is as bad as your not signing that check for Alexis' program.
Castle : This isn't about me.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Martha : I know you. You do not hold back.
Martha : Except this thing with Katherine.
Martha : It took you, what, three years to tell her how you felt,
Martha : another year to act on it.
UNK: And now, the first sign of trouble, you're ready to run. Why?
UNK: And you're having a good time. You both are.
Martha : And I know you say you love her.
Martha : But, darling, this is who she is.
Martha : So is it possible that the reason you have held back
Martha : is because somewhere deep down inside,
Martha : you don't think this is going to really work?
Esposito : I take it he didn't confess.
Beckett : I didn't need him to. I just needed to see his eyes. It's him.
Ryan : Well, the evidence begs to differ.
UNK: His prints are in the system from his arrest
UNK: at a political protest a decade ago.
Ryan : I ran them against the partial. It's not a match.
Ryan : And the papers put him
Ryan : at his family's compound in Maine during Erika's murder.
Beckett : Yeah, well, he'd never do this himself.
Beckett : And hiring someone else is too risky for a public figure.
Beckett : He'd get a close associate or a trusted friend to do it.
Beckett : So why don't we dig into his life and find out who.
Beckett : All right.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Detective.
Gates : Deputy Director Anthony Freedman calling.
Freedman : Remember? From the interview.
Beckett : Yes, sir. Yes, I do. What can I do for you?
Freedman : You can say yes. Detective, you got the job.
Ryan : Hey, where's Beckett?
Esposito : She took off about an hour ago.
Esposito : Something's going on, but she wouldn't tell me what.
Ryan : Well, I was looking into Rigsdale's known associates
UNK: when I came across this photo.
Ryan : That is Martin Tillage, Rigsdale's half-brother
Ryan : and the black sheep of the family. Look familiar?
Esposito : Yeah, we interviewed this guy. He was one of the guests at The Cedric.
UNK: He must've checked in to try to find her
UNK: and then hung around so his departure didn't look suspicious.
Ryan : He's gotta be our guy.
Esposito : I'll have uniforms pick him up.
Esposito : - See if you can find Beckett. - Yeah.
UNK: Jim Beckett : Sounds like a great offer.
Beckett : Yeah, it is.
Jim : Your mom would be proud.
Jim : Hell, I'm proud.
Jim : So, what're you going to do?
Beckett : I don't know, Dad.
Beckett : It's like I'm standing at a crossroads
Beckett : and I have to choose between two possible futures.
UNK: Why do you think you have to choose?
Beckett : Because, Dad, he's right.
Beckett : If I take this job, then there's not gonna be time for anyone else.
Beckett : And then if I don't...
Jim : It'll be because of him, and you'll end up resenting him for it.
Castle : Or worse.
Beckett : Dad, I don't know what we have.
Beckett : I don't know if it's real.
Beckett : It's like we've been doing this dance for the past five years and...
Beckett : I mean, what happens when the music stops?
UNK: What if all we were in love with was the dance?
Jim : You know, your whole life you've never had a relationship go this far.
UNK: You know, somewhere around here you always end them.
Jim : Now, why is that?
Jim : Look, Katie, I know you.
Jim : When you get scared, you hide in your work.
UNK: And I just want you to be sure, whatever decision you make,
Jim : it's because it's what you want. Not because you're afraid.
Beckett : This job. It's what I want.
Jim : Then tell him.
Beckett : He's gonna hate me, Dad.
Jim : That's something you'll have to live with.
Beckett : My last case.