Castle : If I'm Erika, I'm hiding that laptop.
Esposito : Well, we searched her room. It wasn't there.
Beckett : Wait. Do you guys remember the footage from the elevator?
Castle : Yes. She went down to the laundry room first.
UNK: And Lanie said that she found traces of creosote under her fingernails
Beckett : from the boiler room next door.
UNK: Castle & Beckett : The laptop's in the basement.
Ryan : Man, this was Castle's theory. How did we draw the short straw?
Esposito : I don't know. Let me ask you something.
Esposito : You notice anything weird about Beckett?
Esposito : What do you mean?
UNK: Well, she's different.
Esposito : Something's off.
Ryan : What are you saying? Like she's pregnant or...
Esposito : What are you talking about? Where did that even come from?
Ryan : Well, you said she was acting different. They're consenting adults...
Esposito : Beckett is not pregnant. Come on, man.
UNK: What's so wrong about being pregnant?
Esposito : You know, I can't even talk to you about this right now.
UNK: Okay. Well, try to get over it before Jenny tells you the news, okay?
UNK: What? Are you serious?
Esposito : Wow! Congratulations, man. That's great.
Ryan : Thanks, bro.
Esposito : Hold up. There's something up here.
Esposito : - What's that? - That's a laptop.
UNK: Okay, no, that's great. Thank you.
Beckett : So, they found the laptop.
Castle : I knew it. So what was on it?
Beckett : Well, the hard drive is encrypted, so techs are going through it now.
Castle : Well, somewhere on that computer
Castle : is a conspiracy of lies so heinous, so deadly...
Castle : - What's this? - What's what?
Castle : - Boarding pass. - Castle...
Beckett : You fly to DC yesterday?
Beckett : Yes. I did.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : I was invited down for an interview.
Castle : What kind of interview?
UNK: For a position with a federal task force.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Castle : You interviewed for another job in another city and you didn't tell me?
Beckett : I didn't tell you about it because it was just an interview
UNK: and I knew that you would be upset.
Talia : Yeah. Yeah. You're damn right I'm upset.
Beckett : Castle, I just wanted to see what was out there. What's wrong with that?
Castle : What's wrong with it is that you hid it from me.
Castle : In fact, you lied about it. I wouldn't do that to you.
Beckett : Castle, this isn't about you.
Beckett : This is about me. This is about my life.
Castle : - So you're seriously considering this? - Yes.
Beckett : This is a wonderful opportunity. It'll be a chance to do more.
Castle : Without me.
Beckett : Castle, please don't do this. Please don't make this about us.
Castle : I'm sorry, tell me how this isn't about us.
Castle : You get this job, you move to DC, I'll never see you.
Castle : That's pretty much the end of our relationship, isn't it?
Beckett : You don't know that. And I probably won't even get the job.
UNK: That's not the point. The point is, you knew what this could mean,
Castle : and it didn't occur to you to include me.
Castle : Or worse, it did occur to you,
Castle : and you chose not to.
UNK: Now, what does that say about us?
UNK: Not much, if you ask me.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : I can't be here right now.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Where's Castle?
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : I don't know.
Beckett : We had a fight, okay?
UNK: What, like a regular fight, or...
Esposito : How bad?
Ryan : Hey, guys. We got something.
Tory : Once your victim hacked into the law firm,
Tory : she started with the basics, emails, calendars, payroll.