UNK: Kevin Ryan : and also a foul odor coming from the pipes this morning.
UNK: When maintenance finally checked it out, they found her.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. - Hey.
UNK: Lanie Parish : So, we've got a Caucasian female. Probably 20, 21 years old.
Beckett : - How'd she die? - Not sure yet.
Lanie : There's evidence of blunt-force trauma to the head,
Lanie : but I won't know cause until I get her back to the morgue.
Esposito : CSU found traces of blood and hair on that ventilation fan.
Esposito : They're running it for a match.
Castle : So someone smashed her on the head and then dumped her in the tank?
Ryan : Looks like it. They found blood at the base of that ladder,
Ryan : and on the hand-railing. Also, a bloody partial print.
Beckett : Who else had access to the roof?
Esposito : Pretty much anyone.
Esposito : The latch on the door has been busted for years,
Esposito : and often the residents will sneak up here for a smoke.
Beckett : And what do we know about her?
UNK: The building manager identified her as a resident named Crystal Sky.
UNK: Checked in 10 days ago to a room on the 18th floor. Paid with cash.
Ryan : Crystal Sky?
Esposito : That name's so fake it sounds like something out of one of your books.
UNK: Right? Whoa. What is that supposed to mean?
Esposito : What do you mean, "What is that supposed to mean?"
Esposito : Derrick Storm, Nikki Heat, Jameson Rook?
Esposito : Would it kill you to name someone "Gonzales" every once in a while?
Ryan : Well, with no ID found on the body,
UNK: and no purse, wallet, or phone in the room, it's hard to know who she is.
UNK: She's been here for 10 days. She must have made some friends.
UNK: Ziff Falgrad : Yeah, I knew her.
UNK: You know, we'd talk sometimes in the laundry room.
Beckett : Did she tell you anything about herself, like where she was from?
UNK: Texas. Lubbock, I think. But, you know, things were bad at home. Her dad...
Castle : Any idea what she was doing in the city?
Woman : Oh, I can tell you what she was doing. The girl was a prostitute.
Ziff : She wasn't a prostitute. Why you gotta say that?
Woman : Because it's true.
Woman : The way she dressed,
Woman : the sounds coming out of her room at all hours of the night. We all knew it.
Castle : What kind of sounds?
UNK: Martin Tillage : Her with her johns. Walls here are pretty thin.
Ziff : Hey, you don't know what you're talking about, okay?
Woman : Ziff, I know you liked her.
Woman : But somebody killed that poor girl. These folks need to know the truth.
Beckett : When was the last time any of you saw her?
UNK: I saw her yesterday, around 11 : 00 p.m. She was heading for the laundry room.
Castle : - Was anybody with her? - She was alone.
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Esposito : Yo. CSU just finished their sweep.
Beckett : Did they find anything?
Esposito : It's what they didn't find. There were no prints.
Esposito : It's like the place has been wiped down.
UNK: The killer must've come back to the room to get rid of the evidence.
UNK: All right, set up a canvass,
UNK: see if anyone else entered or exited that room.
UNK: And let's pull surveillance footage from the security cam in the elevator.
UNK: Maybe it will tell us who she was with.
Esposito : Right on.
Castle : It doesn't take a best-selling mystery writer to figure this one out.
UNK: Small-town girl with big city dreams ends up turning tricks to survive.
UNK: It's a tragic yet all-too-familiar tale.
Ryan : Except that's not this girl's story.
UNK: We just got a fingerprint match off the victim's body.
UNK: Her name's not Crystal Sky, she's definitely not from Lubbock, Texas.
Beckett : - Well, who is she? - Erika Albrook.
Ryan : She's an honors student at Harvard.
Beckett : Our skid row hooker is a Harvard honor student?
Castle : Like I said. A tragic, yet not-so-familiar tale.