UNK: This makes no sense.
UNK: Mr. Albrook : She was supposed to be in Europe, backpacking with her friends.
Beckett : I mean...
UNK: Mr. Albrook : We dropped her off at the airport.
Beckett : - When? - Last Monday.
UNK: The same day she checked into that hotel.
Castle : Any idea what she'd be doing in the city?
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : None. And why would she stay there? My sister has a place in Midtown.
UNK: Were there any personal issues that we should know about?
Beckett : Did she have any problems with drugs or money?
UNK: Erika would never use drugs and she had...
UNK: Mr. Albrook : And she had plenty of money in her bank account for Europe.
Castle : Is it possible she met someone in the city? A new boyfriend?
UNK: She would've told us.
Beckett : Are you sure about that?
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : I don't know anymore.
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : The only thing I do know is
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : our daughter would never stay in a place like that.
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : Detective, this isn't her.
UNK: Straight-A student, no history of trouble, on a dream European vacation,
Castle : turns into a hooker in a ratty hotel.
Castle : There is no way I'm letting Alexis go to Costa Rica now.
Beckett : Maybe she broke under the pressure of being perfect.
Beckett : Or maybe she just decided she needed a change.
Castle : Honors student to prostitute in less than a week? That's quite a change.
Beckett : Yeah. It doesn't make any sense.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : - Hey, where were you this morning? - What do you mean?
UNK: Just called you a bunch of times.
UNK: Uh, my phone must have been off.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : Hey, guys. Come check this out.
UNK: 11 : 00 p.m., the night Erika died.
UNK: She takes the elevator down to the laundry room.
UNK: Now, this is 11 : 05.
Esposito : She takes the elevator back up to her room.
Castle : Seems perfectly normal.
Esposito : Yeah, but watch. This is just after midnight.
Esposito : She takes the elevator up to the top floor.
UNK: Alone.
Esposito : But watch what happens when she gets there.
Beckett : Looks like she's making sure no one sees her.
Esposito : Or following her. But that's it.
Esposito : She doesn't come back down.
Esposito : And no one goes back up there until 4 : 00 a.m.
Castle : What about earlier?
Esposito : Nope, the last person to go up to the top floor
Esposito : was another hotel guest an hour earlier. But the guy is 80 years old,
Esposito : there's no way he's climbing a water tower with a body.
Beckett : Sounds like whoever killed her used the stairs.
Ryan : Hey, so no recent activity on her phone.
UNK: She'd left it with her parents, since she was supposed to be in Europe.
UNK: But check this out.
UNK: A credit card charge?
Ryan : Yeah, from two days ago.
Ryan : It's her only transaction since checking into the hotel.
UNK: Margo's. That's a restaurant in Midtown. It's expensive.
Ryan : Yeah, and she wasn't alone.
UNK: Turns out she split the check with a Talia McTeague.
Beckett : Okay, run her down. Maybe she can give us some answers.
Beckett : Hey, is there anything on the canvass?
Ryan : Nothing useful.
Ryan : None of the occupants of the hotel
Ryan : admit to seeing anyone going in and out of her hotel room.
Ryan : But given what they heard coming from her room at night,
Ryan : it's pretty clear she was a prostitute.
Lanie : If she was a prostitute, she wasn't very good at it.
Castle : Seriously? You can tell that?
Lanie : Prostitution usually means sex, and there's no evidence of sexual activity.
Lanie : But what I did find were defensive wounds,
Lanie : bruising around the neck and evidence of multiple blows to the head.
Lanie : I'm guessing someone held her by her throat,
Lanie : and slammed her head into that ventilation fan.
Lanie : Lack of water in the lungs indicate
Lanie : that she was dead before she went in the tank.
UNK: Then why bother even putting her in there?
Lanie : Water has a great way of washing away things like trace DNA.
Beckett : Wait a minute, I don't understand.
Beckett : If she wasn't having sex,
Beckett : then what were all of those sounds coming out of her room?
Castle : Okay. So she wasn't really a hooker,
Castle : she just wanted everyone to think that she was. Why?
Beckett : I don't know, but not everyone thought she was a hooker.
Beckett : That guy next door. He was pretty adamant she wasn't.
Castle : So what did he know that the others didn't?
UNK: I already told you what I know.
Beckett : Not everything, Ziff.
Beckett : How did you know she wasn't a prostitute?
UNK: Please. Look, I don't want any trouble.
Beckett : - Did you murder her? - What? No!
Beckett : Then nothing you say is gonna get you into trouble.
UNK: Well, I heard those sounds, you know.
Beckett : Come on, Ziff.