UNK: Thanks for coming in, Ms. McTeague.
UNK: Of course. I can't believe she's dead.
Esposito : So, how did you know Erika?
Talia : We were friends from Harvard.
Talia : We were both computer science majors.
Ryan : Do you know what she was doing in the city?
UNK: No.
Esposito : But you had lunch with her two days ago. Why?
Talia : It was weird.
Talia : That morning, I was getting coffee from this place in the Village,
Talia : and I saw her in this big argument with some guy.
Talia : She was dressed very different.
Talia : Sexed up and her hair was pink.
UNK: Anyway, he storms off, and I go up to her to say hello,
Talia : and she just looks at me with this panicked look on her face and bolts.
Talia : Later that day, she tracked me down, called me at my office,
UNK: and said that we needed to meet up right away.
Ryan : So, what happened at lunch?
Talia : She begged me not to tell anyone that she was in the city.
Talia : That if people found out, she could be in a lot of trouble.
UNK: And did she say why?
Talia : I kept asking her what was going on, but she wouldn't talk about it.
Talia : She said she was on some sort of a mission.
Talia : A mission?
Ryan : This guy that she was arguing with.
Ryan : Do you know who he was or what they were arguing about?
UNK: No.
Talia : I just heard him say,
UNK: "You have no idea what you're up against.
UNK: "These people don't mess around."
Esposito : Can you describe him?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Uniforms are canvassing The Cedric. But so far, nobody recognizes him.
Ryan : Here's what I don't get.
Ryan : Why go through all the trouble of creating a fake persona
Ryan : when you're just going to be on your laptop all night?
Castle : Wait. Does The Cedric have Wi-Fi?
Ryan : Yeah, that's about all it has.
Talia : Computer science major, hours on her laptop.
Beckett : She's a hacker. Which is why she was staying at The Cedric.
Beckett : She could pay in cash and remain anonymous
Beckett : - while she was using the IP address. - Exactly.
Castle : And whatever she was hacking into was either so illegal or so dangerous
Castle : she had to make sure they couldn't trace it back to her.
Castle : And even if they did trace it back to her,
Castle : they'd still have to find her amongst hundreds of residents.
Beckett : So she created a whole false persona.
Beckett : And who's going to look twice at a runaway hooker?
Beckett : I mean, she's like the girl with the dragon tattoo.
Castle : Only they did find her. Which is why we can't find her laptop.
Castle : Whoever she went up against killed her and took it.
Esposito : Problem. We don't know who she went up against
Esposito : and none of her friends seem to know either.
Beckett : Okay, contact The Cedric's Internet provider
UNK: and get a list of all the IP addresses
Beckett : accessed by residents over the past two weeks.
Beckett : There's gotta be an answer somewhere in there.
Castle : How about I take a break from writing tonight,
Castle : you come to my place, I open a bottle of wine.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett. Can I have a word?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : - I'll catch you later? - She's all yours.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Sir. - Shut the door.
Gates : Have a seat.
Freedman : I, uh...
UNK: I just got a call about you.
Gates : From the Deputy Director of the FBI.
Gates : Apparently you had quite the interview in DC this morning.
Beckett : - Look, sir, it was... - I just want to tell you that...
Gates : I gave you my highest recommendation.
Alexis : You did?
Gates : Kate, this is the kind of work you were meant to be doing.
Gates : You'd be on the national stage, utilizing all your talents.
Gates : This is an incredible opportunity. I would've killed to have a shot at
Gates : something like this when I was your age.
Beckett : Thank you, sir, but it was just an interview.
UNK: I mean, it's a long shot at best.
Gates : No, I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Gates : From what I hear, you're on a short list.
Gates : And with any luck, this could be your last case.
UNK: Oh, girl, you scared me. What are you doing here so early?
Beckett : I just wanted to see if you had anything new on the victim.
Lanie : Well, I was able to place time of death between 12 : 00 midnight and 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
Lanie : Oh, and I found traces of creosote under her fingernails,
Lanie : which is probably meaningless,
Lanie : since the boiler room is right next to the laundry room
UNK: and it could've gotten on her hands when she went down there.
UNK: But...
Lanie : That's not why you're here, is it?
Lanie : Okay, what's wrong?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Yet.