Beckett : Mr. Blaylock, NYPD!
Beckett : Mr. Blaylock? Open up!
Ziff : I think our plot just thickened.
Lanie : I'm pretty sure this wasn't a suicide.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Lanie : See that diagonal ligature mark running up his neck?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Well, that's what we'd expect to find
Lanie : because the weight of the body pulls the cord into a vertical line.
Freedman : - But... - But this other faint ligature mark,
Lanie : see how it runs horizontally across his neck?
Beckett : He was strangled first.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Then strung up.
Castle : So we have a second murder.
Lanie : Well, technically, it's the first murder.
Lanie : Given temperature and decomposition,
UNK: I'd say he died at least a day before our lady in the water tank.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : So I was going through Blaylock's recent activity
UNK: and I found this chat exchange between him and an anonymous user.
UNK: "Changed my mind. Can't live like this anymore.
UNK: "Will tell you everything I know.
UNK: "Where can we meet?"
Ryan : Person replies, "There's a place near where I'm staying.
UNK: "Cedric Hotel. Rooftop. At midnight."
Beckett : She asked him to meet her up there.
UNK: She must've thought it was a location she could control.
UNK: Guys, look what time he sent that message.
UNK: 10 : 00 p.m. The night she was murdered.
Castle : Right, but according to Lanie's time of death, Blaylock was already dead.
Beckett : So this was sent by whoever killed him.
UNK: They lured her out.
UNK: Then killed her, too.
Beckett : So the folks at the law firm claim that they have no idea
Beckett : why anyone would murder Blaylock, or why Erika was looking for him.
Castle : Did they at least tell you why they let Blaylock go?
Beckett : Only that it was a personal issue.
UNK: Well, must have been pretty serious. We checked with friends.
UNK: Apparently, he was a rising star at the firm.
UNK: Till about a year ago, when out of the blue,
UNK: he just became distant, withdrawn,
Esposito : marriage fell apart and he started doing drugs.
Esposito : It's like something happened.
Beckett : So Erika was looking into the firm.
Beckett : Blaylock used to work at the firm. Now they're both dead. Why?
Ryan : Hey, just heard back from Erika's parents.
Ryan : The law firm rang a bell.
Ryan : Turns out that Erika's best friend from high school
Ryan : interned there last summer. A Pam Bonner.
Beckett : Okay. Maybe she can give us some answers. Where do we find her?
Ryan : Mount Hope Cemetery in Westchester.
Ryan : She was killed last summer in a car crash.
Castle : What were the circumstances?
Ryan : Well, there were no witnesses, but according to the police report,
UNK: she was driving home from the firm's summer party,
UNK: she lost control and crashed into a tree.
UNK: Autopsy indicates that she was intoxicated at the time.
Ryan : But Erika never believed the official account.
Beckett : Any reason why?
Ryan : Well, she believed that Pam would never drive drunk.
Ryan : And when they found Pam, she was wearing high heels,
Ryan : and Erika said she never drove in heels.
Castle : Three deaths, all leading back to the law firm of Banks and Bauer.
Castle : Is it just me, or is this starting to smell like a John Grisham novel?
Castle : A single car accident with no witnesses?
Castle : Guys, this is a classic conspiracy cover-up.
Castle : Though only a lowly intern,
UNK: Pam stumbles onto something that the firm is doing.
UNK: Something big and nefarious. She has to be silenced.
Castle : Only after the accident, Blaylock can't take the guilt or admit the truth.
UNK: So his only bastion is to escape into the sweet oblivion of drugs.
Beckett : And then when Erika starts coming around,
UNK: they realize they're gonna have to act by eliminating them both.
Beckett : But what are they covering up?
Ryan : Whatever it is, the only possible evidence is on Erika's laptop,
Ryan : - which our killer took. - Yeah.
Castle : Wait. Are we sure about that?
Castle : Erika was meeting Blaylock on the roof, right?
UNK: A guy who, according to the emails, she didn't know very well.