UNK: Rachel, I've been thinking.
UNK: I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea.
UNK: I'm calling it off.
UNK: Way to save your dignity, my man.
UNK: Mon, why, why would I ever want to take away from your night?
UNK: I don't know, maybe you feel a little resentful.
Monica : Maybe you thought you'd get married first.
UNK: Maybe you can't stand...
Monica : ...that your formerly fat friend is getting married before you.
UNK: Oh, wow, that... You know what? That is so unfair.
Rachel : Now I want to steal your thunder.
UNK: Come on, Ross. Let's go have sex!
UNK: I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night.
Chandler : Well, somebody should.
UNK: Look, if we're gonna do this...
Ross : We're not. She's just gonna think we are.
Ross : I see, so everybody wins.
Rachel : - Who is it? - It's Monica, open up.
UNK: Okay, Ross, stop it. Please, wait a minute.
Rachel : Yeah, you like that, baby?
Rachel : May we help you?
UNK: I wanted to say I hope you have sex, and I hope you get back together.
UNK: I warn you, the night you announce your engagement...
UNK: ...I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant.
Chandler : How is that ever going to happen?
Rachel : Do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?
Monica : - I know why. - You don't.
Monica : - Okay, why? - Because I was sad.
Monica : What do you mean?
Rachel : Look, I am so...
Rachel : ...so happy for you guys.
UNK: But you getting married reminds me of the fact that I'm not.
UNK: I'm not even close.
Rachel : Maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better.
UNK: I know that that's dumb, but you were so depressed...
Rachel : ...when Ross got married, you slept with Chandler.
UNK: I don't care, she slept with me.
Rachel : Anyway, sweetie, I am so sorry I ruined your night.
UNK: I'm sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross.
UNK: I'm gonna take off.
Ross : - Congratulations, man. - Thanks.
UNK: [scene : And Rachel...
Ross : ...what can I say?
Ross : You missed your chance.
UNK: From now on, the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
UNK: We thought Phoebe would leave
UNK: But she just stayed and stayed
UNK: That's right, I'm here all night
UNK: And Chandler will never get...
UNK: Hey, here's a dollar.
Chandler : Consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Monica : Thank you.
UNK: Now who will perform the ceremony
Phoebe : Who will perform the cer...
UNK: I'll pound on him in the morning.