Joey : That is whack.
UNK: I'll play it at the wedding.
UNK: We'll see if they actually let you play.
Joey : They tell you anything you want to hear...
Joey : ...like, "You look 19."
Joey : Then they just take it away, like, "No, you don't."
UNK: Monica won't take this away.
UNK: - Wouldn't she? - Would she?
Phoebe : Would she?
Phoebe : Would she?
Phoebe : Would she?
UNK: It's starting to sound like "wood cheese."
UNK: Man, I could go for some wood cheese right now.
Ross : Guess who.
UNK: Hey, I just realized we kind of left some stuff up in the air.
UNK: What did Monica mean :
UNK: "I don't want to talk," especially with me?
Rachel : Why not especially you and me? We were both kissing.
Ross : Still thinking about it?
UNK: I'm serious. What did she mean by that? "Especially you."
Ross : - Who cares? - I care.
Ross : And so do I.
UNK: I have to talk to her. Will you let me get changed?
Rachel : Am I going to let you watch me?
UNK: No.
UNK: I can't believe her. It's just so typical.
UNK: I know you're upset, but don't forget there is going to be a wedding.
Chandler : You are going to throw the bouquet, and then a honeymoon.
Chandler : - Maybe in Paris. - Paris?
Chandler : We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la blah-blah-blah.
Monica : Keep talking.
UNK: We will sprinkle rose petals on the bed and make love...
UNK: ...not just because it's romantic, but because I can.
Monica : I love you.
UNK: Don't say anything, you might scare it away.
UNK: It's Paris. Who knows we're here?
UNK: Hi, Pheebs. What's up?
Phoebe : You said I could sing at your wedding, so I need a small deposit.
UNK: You know, some good-faith money to hold the date.
UNK: We're not giving you a deposit for our wedding.
Phoebe : Oh, I see.
UNK: They break your heart, don't they?
UNK: You know, I don't really need their permission.
UNK: You want to sing at their wedding, sing at their wedding.
UNK: Yeah, and if you want to look 19, then you...
UNK: You got to do something about your eyes.
UNK: What's wrong with my eyes?
Phoebe : They give you away. There's too much wisdom in there.
UNK: Put some tea bags on them for 15 minutes.
UNK: - That'll get rid of my wisdom? - Maybe 10 minutes for you.
Chandler : Give her the deposit, give her the ring. I don't care.
Rachel : What did you mean when you said...
UNK: ...you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Chandler : What a great apology. And you accept. Bye-bye.
UNK: No, seriously, what was the "especially me" part about?
UNK: Let's just say it's not the first time you've stolen my thunder.
UNK: Hey, here's a thought...
Rachel : Monica, what are you talking about?
UNK: My sweet 16. You went to third base with my cousin Charlie.