UNK: What's so funny?
UNK: Nothing. It's an acting exercise. I'm practicing my fake laugh.
UNK: What? What's so funny?
UNK: No, no. There's none of that in here.
Chandler : Come on, man. At least let me finish this last one.
Gunther : Only if you give me a drag.
UNK: Okay.
Gunther : Oh, dark mother, once again I suckle at your smoky teat.
UNK: No, why don't you hold on to that one.
UNK: Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.
UNK: I'm sick of your smoking, so I brought something...
Rachel : ...that is going to help you quit.
Chandler : Nope. That patch is no good.
UNK: It's a hypnosis tape.
UNK: A woman at work used it for two weeks and hasn't smoked since.
UNK: What's your problem?
UNK: Nothing. It's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
UNK: I watched you get hypnotized in Atlantic City.
UNK: That guy did not hypnotize me, okay?
Rachel : You always pull your pants down and play "Wipe Out" on your butt.
UNK: I was trying to distract attention...
UNK: ...from that poor, old woman who was trying to stuff her breasts into tube socks.
Phoebe : Forget hypnosis.
UNK: The way to quit smoking is to dance naked in a field of heather...
UNK: ...and then bathe in the sweat of six healthy, young men.
UNK: Or what my father calls "Thursday night."
Ross : - Here you go. - I didn't want cinnamon on this.
UNK: Sorry.
Joey : - Hi. - Oh, my God! Frank!
Frank : How are you?
Phoebe : What are you doing here?
UNK: I would've called, but I lost your number.
UNK: And then my mom locked me out of the house, so I couldn't find it.
Frank : Then I tried to find a pay phone, and the receiver was cut off.
Phoebe : What happened?
UNK: Vandalism.
Phoebe : But also, what happened between you and your mom?
UNK: We got in a fight. She said that I was too immature to get married.
UNK: - You're getting married? - Oh, yeah!
UNK: My little brother's getting married!
UNK: I knew you'd be so cool about this. Do you wanna meet her?
Phoebe : Do I?
Frank : Do you?
Phoebe : Yeah, I do.
Frank : Cool, all right. She's just parking the truck.
UNK: - I gonna go get my fiancee, man! - All right.
UNK: I'd have bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
UNK: Isn't it fantastic?
UNK: Don't you think he's a little young to get married?
UNK: Well, he's 18.
UNK: It'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
UNK: Yeah, or to get a hooker.
Chandler : Always illegal, Joe.
UNK: Hey, this is my fiancee...