Foreman : You need the cash, right?
Chase : He doesn't freeze my accounts, I'm guilty.
Chase : He does freeze my accounts, I'm guilty.
Edie : Is Alice having some procedure done?
Foreman : She's fine. She's resting.
UNK: Where? In her room.
UNK: Where you're not supposed... I was just at the window.
Edie : There's no one in there.
Edie : Her backpack wasn't there, either.
Edie : You don't think her father could have...
Chase : Call Security.
Chase : Get a gurney.
UNK: MR. HARTMANN : She's stiff. She can't move.
Rob : I don't know what happened.
Rob : She seemed fine.
Rob : Help her. Please.
House : On the plus side, she could medal in luge.
Foreman : Muscle rigidity is almost exclusively neurological.
Cameron : Neuroaxonal dystrophy? She's the right age.
CHASE : Except that her liver's starting to shut down.
UNK: No dystrophy would...
House : Metronidazole, great idea.
UNK: "Let's not go broad-spectrum.
UNK: "Let's not take any chances on actually curing her."
Cuddy : House, can you focus on the case?
UNK: No, because I'm in pain,
House : 'cause you think that compromise is the answer to everything.
House : I need more pills.
Foreman : Muscle rigidity plus liver involvement means Wilson's.
Foreman : No. No corneal rings, no mental changes.
CAMERON : Then what?
House : I need more pills!
Cuddy : No! You are on a reasonable...
House : What the hell does "reasonable" mean?
Cuddy : Keep it quiet.
Cuddy : Her BP reacts to stress and yelling is not...
UNK: If you think that I'm not in pain, then don't give me anything.
House : Keep me away from the aspirin,
UNK: but if I'm in a butt-load of pain, I need a butt-load of pills.
Cuddy : Fine. You need more pills.
Cuddy : You're not getting them.
Cuddy : You can have all the aspirin you want.
FOREMAN : I say we draw straws.
UNK: Loser drives down to Trenton and scores him an eight ball.
House : Which one of you two gave her an aspirin?
UNK: What? Her symptoms fit Reye's Syndrome.
House : Which doesn't make any sense, unless she took aspirin.
UNK: Rob? No way. She's a kid.
Judge : I've read the 800 warning labels.
Edie : I'm not even angry.
Edie : I just want her to be okay.
HOUSE : She's lying.
House : She's angry, 'cause you kidnapped her kid.
House : She'll be angrier if the kid dies.
Alice : I didn't. One aspirin
House : combined with a pre-existing infection,
UNK: that's all it takes to set off an attack.
Rob : I'm not lying.
UNK: Well, sure, you've certainly earned our trust.
House : Where was Alice the night before she came in?
Edie : With me. Well, at my house.
Foreman : I went out. She stayed with the babysitter.
Rob : Where were you? None of your business.
Rob : You hired someone that might have poisoned our daughter.
UNK: She's 15. She's very responsible.
UNK: Is she a 15-year-old pharmacist?
UNK: Or just some kid from down the street
UNK: who needed 20 bucks for lip gloss
House : Put your kid on charcoal hemoperfusion.
UNK: Shouldn't we see what the babysitter has to say?
House : I know what she's gonna say.
House : She's gonna lie to save her business.
House : I need more pills.
Cuddy : We are going to use this machine to clean your blood.
Cuddy : It goes out of you and through a filter,
UNK: like the filter in a fish tank.
UNK: It's kind of cool, actually.
Alice : I'm scared.
Cuddy : It won't hurt.
Cuddy : It takes a while, so it'll be boring, but it won't hurt.