House : Those things travel in packs.
UNK: The rest of them are probably hiding out
House : in her gallbladder. Do an ultrasound.
House : If I'm right, take out the organ, so we can analyze the stones.
CHASE : I wasn't kissing his ass.
FOREMAN : It must have just looked that way from our angle,
Foreman : you on your knees, House bending over.
Chase : He predicted the pancreatitis.
Cameron : It's his dad's fault.
UNK: My dad was an ass.
Cameron : But you did everything he wanted you to,
Cameron : and in return, you got everything you wanted.
Chase : Yeah, it's that simple.
UNK: The strategy worked.
Cameron : Dad got him a cushy job, paid for his cushy life.
Chase : Cut me out of his cushy will.
Foreman : Told you. It's just his nature.
Foreman : Poor guy's hard-wired to kiss ass.
Chase : House was right. Gallstones.
Rob : I didn't know a kid could get gallstones.
Chase : It's unusual.
Chase : That's why we need to see what's causing it.
Chase : We'd like to remove Alice's gallbladder and analyze the stones.
UNK: Sure. No.
UNK: Just 'cause I said sure?
Edie : I am capable of my own thoughts.
Chase : It's a simple procedure.
Chase : The gallbladder isn't essential to...
Rob : The doctor thinks we should do it.
UNK: We should do it, Edie.
Edie : You think maybe we should get a second opinion
Edie : before we start removing our child's organs?
UNK: It's an effective use of taxpayer's money.
Tritter : I'm actually off this week.
Cuddy : I'm guessing you don't have a family.
Cuddy : Most people have enough going on in their lives
Cuddy : that they don't have to personalize every slight.
Tritter : This isn't personal.
Tritter : Not anymore.
Cuddy : My head of Oncology had to shut down.
Cuddy : My entire staff are afraid to make a move without covering their ass.
Tritter : I think you're angry at the wrong person.
Cuddy : You think Dr. Wilson deserved to have his assets seized,
Cuddy : his entire practice ruined?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : So, you just don't care?
Tritter : This is how I get what I want.
Tritter : I put pressure on people, and if it doesn't work on Wilson,
Tritter : it'll work on you.
Cuddy : You punish the innocent.
Tritter : None of you are innocent.
Tritter : Not one of you.
Tritter : Not one of you has told me the truth about Dr. House.
Cuddy : The pills allow him to cope with the pain.
Tritter : No. The pills distort reality. He is an addict.
Cuddy : He's not out robbing a liquor store, or...
UNK: No, he's treating people.
Tritter : He needs to find a different way to cope before he kills somebody.
Tritter : If he hasn't done that already.
UNK: If you're right, he has a medical problem.
Cuddy : It should be dealt with by doctors.
Cuddy : Not by...
Tritter : It's not being dealt with by doctors.
Tritter : Doctors are covering it up.
Tritter : The whole point of the criminal justice system
Tritter : is to make things right when everything else fails.
Tritter : With all due respect,
Tritter : you have failed.
House : Sorry, didn't know you wanted your kid dead.
House : Although, for a couple of G's, I can still make it happen.
Rob : Who the hell are you?
House : I am a complete stranger,
House : who apparently cares more about whether your kid dies than you do.
Edie : You're Dr. House.
House : You've seen my stage show.
Edie : She's not dying. She has pancreatitis.
Edie : Once you've treated that, I'm taking her home.
Rob : And do what, burn sage?
Rob : I want you to do the surgery.
Edie : My father had gallstones.
Edie : They were totally harmless.
Edie : Alice had one bad one, but it passed.
Edie : For all we know, this is over.
Rob : And for all we know, she could get sick again tomorrow.
Edie : Then I'll take her to her pediatrician.
Edie : She's six, Rob.
Edie : She shouldn't have unnecessary surgery.
House : Or a moron for a mom, but what can you do?
Edie : You're the doctor. I'm the mother.
Edie : I outrank you. Live with it.