UNK: I've had three separate implantations.
Cuddy : The first two never took.
Cuddy : The last one, I lost.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
Wilson : You didn't fail. Those were physical events.
Cuddy : A little girl is scared and in pain.
Cuddy : I was awkward, terrified of doing the wrong thing.
Wilson : That's normal. That's...
Cuddy : I didn't hug her.
Cuddy : I didn't even reach out and hold her hand.
Cuddy : I told her it was gonna be okay.
Wilson : She needed reassurance.
Cuddy : I told her, her folks might get back together.
Cuddy : When I see people with their kids, it's so natural.
Cuddy : It's like they have an instruction book imprinted on their genes.
Cuddy : Maybe I just didn't get a copy.
Cuddy : Maybe my wanting to be a mother is like
Cuddy : a tone-deaf person wanting to sing opera,
Cuddy : or a paraplegic who wants to...
Wilson : Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wilson : Well, I see what you mean about House poking the right spot.
UNK: Chloramphenicol isn't working.
House : What dose did you give her?
Chase : Yeah, maybe Chase screwed up.
Chase : You always end up there.
Chase : Just getting a jump on it.
Chase : I doubled her up.
House : The infection's morphed.
House : It's moved into her muscle sheath.
Foreman : Necrotizing fasciitis?
Cameron : That's impervious to drugs.
House : The only treatment is to cut away the infected area.
House : So, we amputate.
Cameron : Arm and leg?
CAMERON : We can't cut a six-year-old kid in half
Cameron : without a confirmed diagnosis.
House : Moves too quickly, and we waited too long.
House : We don't have time for a culture.
Cameron : We can at least observe her for a few hours,
Cameron : confirm the rash is spreading.
House : It spreads, she dies.
Foreman : You're talking about crippling her.
Chase : We're not even certain this was an infection.
House : Right! She's six! She's cute!
House : She can't have flesh-eating bacteria!
House : It's just wrong!
House : Let's cure her with sunshine and puppies.
House : Cute kids die of terrible illnesses, innocent doctors go to jail,
UNK: and it's because cowards like you
House : won't stand up and do what's required.
House : You can sit around and moan about who's the bigger weakling.
UNK: I'm going to go do my job.
CUDDY : I don't know.
Foreman : He's yelled at us before.
UNK: Because he thought our theories were dumb.
Cameron : Not because our theories were sending him to jail.
Foreman : He's going through withdrawal.
Foreman : Could be causing mild paranoia.
Foreman : It'll pass. We just have to suffer through it.
Cameron : We never ruled out allergy.
Foreman : We gave her drugs. She had no negative reaction.
Cameron : We cut open her belly, she got a rash on her belly.
Cameron : We did a scratch test on her back, she got a rash on her back.
Cameron : I know House ruled out mojo, but it can't be a coincidence...
UNK: A little late to play differential games, isn't it?
Foreman : Get that thing away from me.
UNK: I don't want to get burned.
Chase : Laser pointers don't burn you, genius.
Foreman : Skin, no. Retina, yes.
Chase : You don't trust my aim?
Chase : Maybe you should cover any sensitive...
Chase : He was wrong about the puppies.
UNK: House! You got to stop the surgery.
Chase : She doesn't have necrotizing fasciitis.
House : Oh, good.
Rob : She's got erythropoietic protoporphyria.
Chase : She's allergic to light.
Chase : It's genetic. Either parent could have carried it.
House : I know what it is. Infection fits better.
Chase : She gets worse every time she goes under surgical lights,
Chase : dad takes her outside...