UNK: The kidnappers must've switched over to the Yukon.
UNK: They've got a 24-hour head start. They could be anywhere by now.
UNK: Where is CSU on the blood?
Beckett : Well, spatter analysis shows that it came from the driver.
Beckett : He was shot by Hasim.
UNK: He would've left prints in the van. He must be in the system.
Beckett : No, CSU only found Roger Henson's prints.
Beckett : There's no other matches.
Castle : We must have a lead here somewhere.
Esposito : Maybe we do. CSU inspected the van,
Esposito : found that a bunch of performance tweaks were done to it.
Esposito : Octane booster in the tank, catalytic converter was bypassed,
Esposito : the ECU was re-chipped to boost up the horsepower.
Castle : Somebody upgraded it to a getaway car.
Esposito : Not just somebody. A real pro.
Esposito : Probably our driver.
UNK: Okay, look for a wheelman
Beckett : whose MO is to steal getaway cars and retune them.
UNK: Someone with B-negative blood.
Beckett : All right.
Alexis : That security guy.
Alexis : You said he talked to you about kidnapping.
Alexis : What kind of stuff did he say?
Sara : What if no one's looking for us?
Sara : What if they don't even realize that we're gone?
Alexis : Sara, let's focus on the questions we can answer.
Alexis : Build on what we know.
Sara : We don't know anything. That's the problem.
Sara : We don't know who took us
Sara : or for how long we'll be here or even where we are.
Alexis : Okay, well, let's figure that out.
Alexis : Let's figure out where we are. Um...
Alexis : Hear that?
Alexis : Space under the floor. So we're not in a basement.
Sara : This is a much older building, based on how worn the floor is.
UNK: Then there's the sound.
Sara : What sound?
UNK: Exactly.
Alexis : No car honks, no traffic noise.
Alexis : Either this room is seriously sound-proof
Alexis : or we're not in New York.
Esposito : Looks like your hunch paid off.
Esposito : Douglas Stevens. He did a nickel as a getaway driver for a bank robbery.
Esposito : And guess who did time with him? None other than Roger Henson.
Beckett : Do the prison records show his blood type?
UNK: B-negative.
UNK: Okay, I'm gonna put out an APB and alert all hospitals.
Beckett : With the amount of blood that he lost, he's gonna need medical treatment.
Ryan : He might not need a hospital.
Ryan : Douglas Stevens has a sister who's a nurse.
Ryan : Guess who called in sick today?
Beckett : NYPD, open up!
Bram : What is this?
UNK: Ms. Stevenson : What are you people doing here?
Beckett : We're here for your brother.
UNK: Ms. Stevenson : Doug? I haven't seen him in weeks. I don't know where he is.
UNK: Yeah, well, we're not gonna take your word for it.
UNK: Hey, you can't just barge in here!
Ryan : Actually, ma'am, we can.
Beckett : NYPD! Don't move.
Beckett : Douglas Stevens, you're under arrest.
Beckett : The girls that you took, where are they?
Beckett : Where's your partner, Roger Henson?
Beckett : Who put the two of you up to this?