Castle : For the record, I'm not calling to check on Alexis.
Castle : I'm just checking my email.
UNK: Acceptance.
Beckett : Have Tech search traffic cam footage for any video of that van.
Beckett : And let's look into Hasim Farouk's life,
Beckett : See if he had any enemies.
Ryan : Looks like he had at least one.
Ryan : Assault charges were filed against him two days ago by one Bram Stoker.
Castle : Bram Stoker, author of Dracula, died in 1912?
Ryan : Uh, if it's him, I'd say he's immortal.
Beckett : - Excuse me, Bram Stoker? - Yeah.
Beckett : Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Castle : And might I say how youthful you look.
UNK: Witty. Never heard that before.
Castle : I've never heard of anyone named Bram Stoker before.
Castle : Except Bram Stoker.
Bram : Apparently he's a distant relative,
Bram : and both my parents are English scholars.
Bram : They thought it would be cute.
Bram : It wasn't.
Bram : So, what is this about?
Beckett : - The late Hasim Farouk. - The late?
Bram : He's dead?
Beckett : Yes, he was murdered the day after you filed an assault charge against him.
UNK: Well, I certainly did not kill him. I filed those charges to protect myself.
Beckett : From what?
Bram : Hasim was a student of mine. I'm a TA for a seminar on Joyce.
Beckett : What was the problem with the two of you?
Bram : I didn't think that there was one.
Bram : And then three days ago, he confronts me after class.
Bram : Starts accusing me
UNK: of being overly familiar with some female students.
Bram : Said if I didn't stop, he'd kill me.
Beckett : For harassing those women?
Bram : No, I was not harassing them.
Bram : I might flirt with students, on occasion.
Bram : But believe me, it was never unwelcome.
Bram : Ladies are kind of diggin' on vampires right now.
Bram : My name is Bram Stoker.
Bram : For once in my life, it's working for me.
Castle : Maybe Hasim was jealous?
Castle : Were any of those students his girlfriend?
Bram : No, I don't think he had a girlfriend, or friends at all, for that matter.
UNK: Okay, well, I'm gonna need a list of all the girls that you flirted with.
Ryan : Look at this building.
Ryan : Hasim was living large for a college student.
Esposito : Yeah, add that to the list of things about this dude
Esposito : that don't add up.
Esposito : His records say he started as a freshman at 24.
Esposito : Now who does that?
Ryan : Late bloomer?
UNK: Or a sleeper-cell terrorist. Think about it.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Saudi national.
Esposito : Shot up a van with a customized SIG.
UNK: I'm just saying, he could be a terrorist.
Ryan : - Whoa. - Whoa!
Esposito : Look at all this gear.
Esposito : This guy practically has his own dojo.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Ah...
Ryan : Yeah, and if his black belt skills didn't get it done,
Ryan : - he always had this. - Wow.
Esposito : That's not all he's got.
Esposito : Look, surveillance gear.
UNK: Ooh.
UNK: State-of-the-art.
UNK: Light-years ahead of anything the department has.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Who the hell is this guy?
UNK: Look, the guns could fit with terrorism. But the wire-tapping equipment?
Castle : Maybe he's a spy.
Castle : He's got military training.
UNK: It says here he was a commando in the Saudi Special Forces.
Beckett : But then there's this.
UNK: Twenty-five grand wired to him every month from a Swiss bank account.
Beckett : Whatever he was doing, he was well-funded.
Castle : What did his fellow students have to say?
Beckett : Well, I talked to most of the girls on Bram Stoker's list,
Beckett : and none of them noticed Hasim in class or even knew who he was.
Beckett : It's like the guy was invisible.
Castle : He was hiding in plain sight.
UNK: A foreign agent, in deep cover,
Castle : on some kind of special reconnaissance mission.
Beckett : So then why would he shoot up a van?
Castle : Maybe Jack Bauer was driving.
Esposito : Yo, Ryan's hunting through traffic cam footage looking for that van.
Esposito : In the meantime, things with Hasim just keep getting weirder.
Esposito : Tech went over that surveillance gear.
Esposito : It looks like he was using it to monitor an active bug
Esposito : installed in some apartment about a half a mile from his place.
Beckett : Whose apartment was it?
Esposito : According to the lease,
UNK: it belonged to this chick. Sara El-Masri.
Esposito : I called and left a message on her cell phone.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Sara El-Masri was one of the students in the Joyce class.
Beckett : She was one of the girls on Bram Stoker's flirt list.
Castle : What did she say about Hasim?
Beckett : I couldn't reach her. I just left a message.
Ryan : Hey, guys.
Ryan : I got something here you need to see.
Ryan : Unfortunately, there were no traffic or security cams near the crime scene.
Ryan : But we did find this footage,
Ryan : shot down the street
Ryan : from where Hasim was hit.
Esposito : That's definitely the van that took him out.
UNK: The front end's all crunched up, you can see the bullet holes.
UNK: Yeah, now watch this.
Castle : Wait. Uh...
Beckett : Go back to where she ran out.
Beckett : Zoom in on her face.
Beckett : That's Sara El-Masri.
Beckett : She was abducted.
Castle : And Hasim died trying to stop it.
Beckett : Whoever this is, he abducted a girl
Beckett : and he killed our victim.
Beckett : So what do we know about him from the video?
Ryan : He's a male, late 30s,
Ryan : no distinguishing scars or tattoos.
Ryan : But we sent the footage over to the FBI,
Ryan : see if they can run it through their facial recognition software.
Beckett : Are they updated on the abduction?
Ryan : Yes, and they're sending over an agent to liaise.
Ryan : Meanwhile, we're checking other traffic cams,
Ryan : see if we can track where that van went after Sara tried to escape.
Castle : Hasim was surveilling her apartment
Castle : and he was nearby when she was kidnapped.
Castle : But why? What was their relationship?
Ryan : Well, Sara's roommate's coming in, maybe she has an answer.
Ryan : There were no phone calls between them.
UNK: It's looking more like he was stalking her.
Ryan : Not only did he wire-tap her place,
Ryan : he was also taking two classes that she was in.
UNK: Maybe it's like The Conversation.
Ryan : I'm sorry, I don't...
Castle : - Francis Ford Coppola. - Gene Hackman.
Beckett : - Very underrated. - Thank you.
Castle : Um, in it, a surveillance expert
Castle : overhears a plot against the woman he's bugging.
Castle : Maybe Hasim got wind of the kidnapping,
Castle : tried to thwart it, and paid with his life.
UNK: But that still doesn't explain the guns in his apartment.
Castle : True, Gene Hackman did not possess an arsenal.
Ryan : So it could be that Hasim was in on the kidnapping.
Ryan : And it went sideways.
Ryan : Or he got cold feet.
Beckett : All right, dig into his emails and phone records.
Beckett : - Let's see who he was in touch with. - On it.
Esposito : So, here's what I've dug up on Sara El-Masri.
Esposito : She's a sophomore, majoring in marine biology.
Esposito : She was born in Cairo, to an uber-wealthy Egyptian family.
Beckett : So this could have been a kidnapping for ransom.
Beckett : Where are her parents?
Esposito : The El-Masris have a place at The Dakota.
Esposito : They're on their way in now.
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I am sick in my heart.
Beckett : I just...
UNK: Anwar El-masri : I just want my daughter back.
Beckett : And we're doing everything that we can to make that happen, Mr. El-Masri,
Beckett : along with the FBI.
UNK: Lina El- Masri : She's only 20 years old.
UNK: Lina El- Masri : A child. Who did this to her?
Beckett : Well, so far we know that at least two people were involved.
Beckett : The driver and this man.
Beckett : Does he look familiar to you?
Anwar : - No, not to me. Lina? - No.
Anwar : I will pay them.
Anwar : I will pay whatever they ask.
Lina : What if that isn't what they want?
Lina : You've made enemies, Anwar.
Anwar : In Egypt, not here. This is about money.
UNK: This is always about money.
Castle : It's also about this man.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Hasim Farouk. Have you ever seen him?
UNK: Yeah, I tried to reach Hasim when I learned of this.
Anwar : Perhaps he can help us if...
Castle : Wait, you know him?
Anwar : Sara would not accept a bodyguard.
Anwar : So I hired Hasim to watch over her discreetly.
Anwar : Where is he?
Beckett : He died trying to protect her.
Beckett : Now, you hired him to guard Sara.
Beckett : Was she receiving threats?
UNK: No.
Anwar : But a man in my position...