Anwar : I begged Sara to be careful.
Anwar : But she said, "Baba, you worry too much."
UNK: She thinks like an American now.
Anwar : Trusts like an American.
Anwar : I will pay anything.
UNK: She is my only child.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Would you excuse us for a moment?
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : This is Agent Harris.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : He'll be running point on the kidnapping.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : Good to meet you.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : Detective Ryan brought me up to speed on things.
UNK: Fbi Agent Harris : How are the El-Masris?
Beckett : Scared. Devastated.
Harris : Okay, that's good.
Anwar : It is?
Harris : It beats angry or defensive.
Harris : They want to be helpful and honest, which is important,
Harris : because at the end of the day, it's the accuracy of our information
Harris : that can determine whether this ends well or badly.
Harris : - I'll keep you in the loop. - We'll do the same.
UNK: So I got Ryan and Esposito looking into Sara's movements from last night.
Beckett : I figure if we can find out what she was doing in Lower Manhattan,
Beckett : that could lead us to whoever killed Hasim.
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Oh, yeah, I just can't imagine what they're going through right now.
UNK: Do you think that this is really about money?
Castle : Did a web search on El-Masri.
UNK: He's worth over 300 million.
Beckett : Yeah, but still, who hires an ex-commando
Beckett : to babysit their daughter?
Castle : I've considered it.
Beckett : And I don't doubt that.
UNK: But did you see how he shot her down when she brought up enemies?
Castle : He just doesn't want to believe the worst.
Castle : And frankly, I can't blame him.
Ryan : Hey, so I just interviewed Sara's roommate, Amber.
Ryan : She wasn't any help with Hasim or the kidnapping.
Ryan : But she did say that Sara went out last night.
Beckett : Where did she go?
UNK: All Amber could remember is that it was some kind of science thing.
Esposito : Okay, I found three science-related events
Esposito : in Lower Manhattan from last night.
Esposito : First, a sci-fi movie marathon at an art house theater
UNK: eight blocks from where Hasim got clocked.
Castle : Though, by definition, science fiction is not science.
Esposito : It has the word in it.
UNK: It's... That's an excellent point.
Beckett : What are the other two?
Esposito : Uh, a star-gazing tour led by an actual astronomer.
Esposito : And a speech from a scientist named Hayden Posner,
Esposito : in the ballroom of the Beaumont Hotel.
Castle : Dr. Posner. He's an expert on climate change.
Castle : Alexis bought me his book.
Castle : Which I still haven't read.
Beckett : And the Beaumont Hotel would explain why Sara was in Lower Manhattan.
Castle : And she's a marine biology major,
Castle : which means she would be interested in climate change.
Beckett : Let's go.
Manager : Yes, I remember her.
UNK: A very lovely young woman.
Esposito : Sara El-Masri. Yes, she definitely attended.
Manager : I checked her in myself.
Beckett : Did you notice anything unusual about her?
Manager : No. After Dr. Posner's presentation, she stayed for the Q and A,
Manager : which went rather late. And then she left.
Castle : Any idea where she went?
Manager : All I know is that she exited the ballroom.
Manager : I stayed on to set up for a wedding reception.
Castle : Did she speak with anyone?
Manager : Just the person she was with.
Castle : Who was that?
Manager : A young woman.
Manager : They sat together, they seemed to be friends.
Manager : But I couldn't tell you her name.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe this woman?
Manager : Red hair, pale skin.
Manager : Also very lovely.
UNK: Can I see that for a moment?
Castle : It's Alexis. She's on the list. She was here last night.
UNK: Oh, maybe she knows her.
Beckett : Maybe they met at the event.
Castle : At the very least, I'm sure she can help us out.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : That's her ringtone.
Castle : What's that?
Manager : Our lost and found.
Manager : In fact, a guest turned in a phone last night.
Manager : They found it in the street out front.
Castle : They took Alexis, too.
Harris : Mr. Castle, we will do everything in our power to get your daughter back.
UNK: I don't want to be "handled." Just let me know where things stand.
Harris : Let's start with the facts as we now understand them.
UNK: Your daughter attended last night's event with Sara El-Masri.
Harris : Apparently they met in an environmental science class
Harris : and became friends.
Harris : GPS on her phone shows
Harris : that it was left outside the hotel shortly after the event ended.
Harris : That, plus the fact that no one has seen or heard from her in the 16 hours since,
Harris : leads us to conclude that she, too, was forced into the van.
Beckett : Now why would they take Alexis if Sara was the target?
Harris : She was probably with Sara at the time. She was a witness.
UNK: It would've been easier to take her than
UNK: not.
Castle : So you're saying she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Harris : It appears that way.
Beckett : Do you have any suspects?
Harris : We have a name.
Harris : Facial recognition gave us an ID on the man in the video.
Harris : Roger Henson.
Harris : We know him mainly as a mid-level narcotics smuggler.
Beckett : If we know he's out there, we can get him.
UNK: We could initiate a manhunt.
Harris : We're already searching for Henson, along with all his known associates.
Harris : But he is a career felon.
Harris : Finding him won't be easy.
Castle : What's a drug smuggler doing involved in a kidnapping?
Harris : We're not sure.
UNK: But Roger Henson is not a shot-caller.
UNK: He's a middleman, a hired gun.
Harris : He may have been hired to abduct the girls.
Castle : What happens now?
Harris : We press ahead on multiple fronts, with a focus on Henson.
Harris : Locating him could crack the case.
Harris : We're also creating contingency plans for when and if
Harris : the kidnappers make contact.
UNK: "Lf"? What do you mean "if"?
Beckett : We know that the El-Masris are wealthy,
Beckett : and you told us that Sara was the target.
Harris : Mr. El-Masri admitted he had close ties with the previous regime in Egypt.
Harris : As a result, he made some very powerful enemies.
Harris : It's possible his daughter's abduction was motivated by revenge.
Castle : Okay, where does that leave my daughter?
UNK: I mean, if she wasn't the one they were after
UNK: and she's just in the way...
Harris : Mr. Castle, you need to stay positive.
Harris : Whatever their motives,
Harris : the kidnappers will realize she has value.
Harris : Now what we need to do next is go to your home
UNK: and set up a trap-and-trace on your phone lines
Harris : so we're ready for their call.
Harris : I'll wait for you outside.
Castle : Gates will see.
Beckett : I don't care.
Castle : I can't believe this is happening.
Beckett : We're gonna find her, Castle.
Beckett : We will.
Gates : You do whatever you need to do to get him back his little girl.
Gates : Anything you need, Detective.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Esposito : How's he doing?
Castle : It's Alexis.
Ryan : He's gotta be wrecked. Hell, I'm wrecked.
UNK: Yeah, well, we gotta put all of that aside and help him find her.
Beckett : Where are we on the van?
Esposito : We've been working the traffic cam footage
UNK: and we made some headway.
Ryan : After the van left Lower Manhattan, we picked it up on East River Drive
UNK: heading towards the Queens-Midtown tunnel.
Beckett : We gotta figure out where that van went.
Beckett : Let's bring in some more bodies to review the footage.
UNK: We find the van, we'll find Alexis.
UNK: You'll let us know if you need anything?
UNK: Fbi Tech Guy : Certainly, sir.
Castle : Oh, Mother.
Castle : I'm sorry. I am so sorry.
Martha : Richard! This is not your fault.
UNK: - I don't know. Maybe if I had just... - No ifs.
Martha : Do not torture yourself with ifs.
Martha : The only people to blame for this are the ones who took her.
Martha : Alexis is her father's daughter.
Martha : She is strong, and she is smart, and she is going to get through this.
Castle : Yeah, I know.
Martha : No, no, no. I'm not just saying this.
Martha : She's going to be all right. I feel it in my heart.
Martha : And my heart is never wrong.
Castle : - What about your first marriage? - Well...
Castle : - And your second? - Okay, fine, fine,
Martha : occasionally my heart is wrong.
Martha : But it is not in this case.
Castle : I just keep wondering,
Castle : how did the kidnappers know Sara was gonna be at the Beaumont Hotel?
Martha : You have Kate Beckett and the FBI tracking Alexis down.
Martha : Just let them do their job. And they need for you to be here.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : What do you got?
UNK: Our van exited the Queens-to-Midtown tunnel to Greenpoint,
Esposito : took Greenpoint Ave to McGuinness, then went west on Huron.
Beckett : Then where did the van go?
Ryan : Well, we're not sure. But this area, right here,
Ryan : it's pretty much boxed in
Ryan : by Greenpoint Ave, McGuinness and Franklin.
Esposito : We checked the video feeds from those streets.
UNK: The van went into that neighborhood, but never came out.
Ryan : The girls have to be somewhere in there.
Ryan : Along with Henson.
Beckett : - Okay, so how big is our search zone? - Twenty square blocks.
Beckett : Okay, coordinate with Feds and Queens PD.
UNK: We need to do a street-by-street search for that van.
UNK: Plainclothes and unmarked cars only.
Alexis : So, I'm sitting by the fountain on the south quad this morning,
Alexis : sipping my macchiato, trying to study for a chem quiz,
UNK: and I had this, I guess it was another freshman moment.
Alexis : I'm sure eventually I'll become jaded and cynical, but not today.
Alexis : Today, I look around and I see beautiful buildings.