Taub : Breath sounds on both sides.
UNK: Move.
Thirteen : Trachea's deviating to the left.
UNK: Nice.
Kutner : Chest CT confirmed multiple lung cysts,
Kutner : one of which burst during the treadmill test.
UNK: Luckily, Thirteen figured out the problem
Foreman : and was there to re-inflate her lung.
Thirteen : Lung cysts plus all her other symptoms, could be amyloidosis,
Thirteen : which we can manage, or pulmonary fibrosis, which...
Thirteen : Thank you.
House : My employees can take care of it from here.
House : We need to biopsy the cysts.
Thirteen : You fired me because I screwed up.
Thirteen : I just proved I can pull my weight.
House : All you proved is you know how to make an entrance.
Foreman : House, she deserves another shot.
Foreman : She found the cysts, saved the patient...
House : Who wouldn't have needed saving
House : if Thirteen had shown up to the differential in the first place.
UNK: Give her job back, House.
House : Or what? You're gonna quit?
House : Go do the biopsy.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
House : How much clearer do I need to make this?
UNK: What does it even mean, dating a hooker?
House : He's an idiot with a messiah complex,
House : savior to all who need saving.
House : That's why his first wife had a wooden leg,
UNK: his second wife was Canadian.
House : He's the one who needs to be saved.
Lucas : From you or the ho?
House : The ho's just using him for his money.
UNK: Wait, it was a bad example.
UNK: Normally, in these situations, I'd follow the girl,
Lucas : find out something embarrassing about her to show him.
Lucas : But since that's our starting position...
UNK: We proceed directly to the leg breaking.
Lucas : I'm not breaking her legs, she probably has a pimp,
Thirteen : or at least an older brother,
UNK: or younger brother, or overprotective sister...
House : Find her. Find her family. Find client number 9.
House : Just get me something I can use to force her to back off.
Taub : Sorry to interrupt your meeting, Mannix.
Taub : Here's the result from the lung biopsy.
House : Why not men?
House : You're bisexual.
House : If you were just being self-destructive,
House : you'd be having random sex with men.
House : Better chance of getting assaulted, catching a disease.
House : If this were just about getting laid,
House : it'd be a lot easier to pick up men or ugly girls.
House : This woman's hot, which means you like the challenge, the conquest.
House : It's the control that gets you off.
House : And controlling women is as close as you can get
House : to controlling what's going to happen to you.
Thirteen : Here I thought I was just into boobs.
House : Instead of getting sweaty with a stranger,
House : why don't you try taking it to the next level?
House : Play God.
House : Tell a girl that she's got 10 years to live.
House : She has LAM.
UNK: Okay.
House : This is not a test.
House : You're not getting your job back if you can...
Thirteen : I know what it's like to get this news,
Thirteen : and no one should have to get it from you.
UNK: Hey.
Thirteen : The biopsy of your lung cyst showed smooth muscle cells.
Thirteen : That's indicative of a disease called LAM.
Spencer : What do you do for that?
House : Surgery to remove the cysts,
Thirteen : but they'll come back.
Thirteen : Little by little, the cysts replace healthy lung tissue until your lungs stop working.
UNK: I'm going to die.
UNK: Yes.