Thirteen : Allergies. Don't deflect, you always deflect.
House : Did she cry?
House : When you told her that she was going to die, did she cry?
Thirteen : She got upset, she...
House : Were there tears?
UNK: No.
House : Chopping an onion releases a mist
House : of Syn-propanethial-S-oxide.
House : A chemical irritant which causes people to have a very predictable reaction.
Thirteen : She has no tears.
UNK: but I didn't have time to stop by Wilson's.
UNK: She has Sjögren's, that attacks the glands that produce tears and saliva.
UNK: It also, by the way, causes lung cysts and RTA.
Thirteen : It doesn't cause bleeding.
House : It's like you and men.
UNK: Just because you usually don't doesn't mean you can't.
Thirteen : And it doesn't cause cracked lips in other people.
House : Lack of spit makes her mouth a breeding ground for a fungus like Candida.
UNK: Her asthma inhaler did the same for you,
House : wiped out your mouth's immune system.
Spencer : So, she's got what I've got.
House : Just the opportunistic infection, not the underlying condition.
House : Another life saved by girl-on-girl action.
Spencer : I'm gonna be okay?
Thirteen : You're gonna be okay.
House : Methylprednisolone to get the Sjögren's under control,
House : and some artificial tears to maximize the visual impact of this moment.
Foreman : Spencer's gonna be fine,
Foreman : and I hear you got your job back.
Foreman : I'm gonna keep standing here until you say something.
Thirteen : I feel alone,
Thirteen : and she hasn't gone anywhere.
Foreman : She gets to live.
Thirteen : I'm gonna go home. I'm tired.
Lucas : What do you think?
House : Oh, my God.
House : You guys shop here, too? Best nipples in Princeton.
Cuddy : Why are you here?
House : Because he ate the donut.
Thirteen : I'm so sorry. He must have followed me.
Cuddy : I'm sure.
House : You're clearly not pregnant.
House : So either you're buying this as a gift
House : or this is some kind of weird "if you build it, they will come" moment.
Cuddy : I'm adopting a baby.
Wilson : She asked me to be a character reference.
Wilson : That's where I was the other morning.
Wilson : I'm sorry, I couldn't betray her confidence.
Cuddy : I didn't want anyone else to know in case I didn't get approved.
Cuddy : Today, I did.
Thirteen : Are you going to congratulate me?
House : If you're happy, I'm...