Thirteen : Not necessarily.
Spencer : You really need those after everything we did the other night?
Spencer : The other night I wasn't your doctor.
Spencer : How long are you going to stay mad at me?
Spencer : How long are you going to be here?
Spencer : Okay, then.
UNK: Look,
Thirteen : I really had no intention of ever seeing you again.
Spencer : So, having me end up here is a little less than ideal. I get it.
UNK: But we just met. How did you know you didn't want to see me again?
Thirteen : It's nothing personal.
Thirteen : I'm just really not that into repeat performances.
Spencer : I figured I wasn't the first girl you cruised.
Thirteen : Why is that?
Spencer : You're awfully good at it.
Thirteen : You'd think with all that experience that I'd be better than a seven.
Spencer : We just met, we were both drunk.
Spencer : Not like there wasn't potential.
UNK: A little more practice for the both of us,
Spencer : I'd say we're looking at a nine, easy.
Spencer : But that would require a repeat performance.
Spencer : You didn't have to move your hand.
Spencer : I didn't.
Thirteen : My hand's on your hip, you don't feel that?
Spencer : No. What does that mean?
Thirteen : It means it's not a spider bite.
Thirteen : Blood test confirms low potassium levels,
Thirteen : explains the numbness in her hip.
Thirteen : It's not good, but I think we've got time
Thirteen : for at least one or two comments about my personal life.
House : Which you just wasted with that comment about my comments.
House : Low potassium means her heart problem is a symptom of a kidney problem.
House : What caused the kidney problem?
Cameron : Could be IgA nephropathy.
House : Not without blood in the urine.
UNK: PSAGN?
House : Not with normal blood pressure.
Thirteen : Renal tubular acidosis?
Thirteen : Her kidneys don't filter acid out of the blood,
Thirteen : excess acid drives down potassium, causes kidney calcifications.
House : If it's RTA, all she needs is sodium bicarbonate for the acid
House : and surgery to remove the calcifications. CT her kidneys.
House : If you find calcifications, we have our diagnosis.
House : What's he doing now?
UNK: Mmm-mmm. He's playing that car jacking video game.
Lucas : He'd get a lot farther if he didn't stop at all the red lights.
House : Maybe he was doing something he thinks I'll mock him for.
UNK: Like just about anything.
Lucas : You don't think it's that.
House : I don't think it's "just about anything"?
Lucas : You don't think it's about anything trivial.
Lucas : If you weren't worried, you wouldn't be sitting in my car.
House : Maybe he's seeing a shrink.
UNK: That does not look like a pizza delivery.
House : Doesn't matter if it isn't, Wilson doesn't buy his pizza.
House : Eight units in this building,
UNK: there's gotta be a pervert like me living in at least one of them.
Lucas : Yes, because you represent one out of every eight people
Lucas : living in this country.
UNK: Well, apparently, he has developed a taste for pizza.
Lucas : Things change.