House : She needs a bone marrow transplant.
Thirteen : Test results are back? What's she positive for?
House : Nothing. But we've got a donor match.
Thirteen : Jumping to a transplant when we don't know what she...
House : I know she has a blood disorder.
House : Could be PNH. She needs a bone marrow transplant.
House : Or leukemia. She needs a bone marrow transplant.
House : Or thalassemia. She needs a bone marrow...
Thirteen : Yeah, I get it.
Thirteen : But she'll never survive total body irradiation.
House : So we don't radiate her.
House : Her marrow's nearly wiped out already, count is almost zero.
Thirteen : "Almost" being the key word. The new marrow would attack the old marrow.
Thirteen : She'll die from graft-versus-host.
House : You got a better idea?
House : She trusts you. Go get her consent.
Lucas : Sometimes I find out things you'd rather not know.
Lucas : This was in his trash.
Lucas : He's using.
House : You're back.
UNK: Genius.
Wilson : Damn, I knew the fake works was too much.
House : Well, you had no choice.
House : Where were you gonna go after fake-hooker-girlfriend?
House : How did you know he was outside?
Wilson : Cane prints.
Wilson : I'm actually kind of insulted. No way I'm a drug addict
Wilson : but you completely buy that I fell in love with a prostitute?
House : You played to your strengths.
House : By which I mean you played to your weaknesses.
House : Oh, my God.
House : You invoked your dead girlfriend's name to sell me.
House : You're my hero.
Wilson : Best $30 I ever spent.
UNK: Thirty? Did you keep her number?
UNK: Unfortunately, I killed her and buried her in the basement.
House : Shame. Hungry?
UNK: Yeah.
House : So, seriously, where were you the other morning?
UNK: Oh, don't make me do this again.
Wilson : It has nothing to do with you.
House : Then tell me.
Wilson : We're going bowling on Monday.
Wilson : I'm coming over to play poker this weekend. Nothing's changed.
Wilson : You have to trust that.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : You're gonna keep following me, aren't you?
House : It's what we do.
UNK: Be outside my apartment at 8 : 00 tonight.
Thirteen : She said yes to the transplant.
UNK: Good.
House : You're in a downward spiral of destruction.
Thirteen : I can stop.
Wilson : You're gonna keep spiralling, keep screwing around,
UNK: keep slashing away at every person who tries to help
House : until no one tries to help anymore,
UNK: until you hit bottom, until you're dead.
UNK: But until then, I can use you.
Thirteen : You're hiring me back?
House : You did good work.
Thirteen : I did good work yesterday, and I was still fired. What changed?
Thirteen : You wanted me to spend time with her,
Thirteen : see if I could still make a connection.
House : You connected with the diagnosis, not with her.
Thirteen : You're trying to save me, trying to control me.
Thirteen : You're doing exactly what you think I'm...
UNK: Cracks.
UNK: Your lips are cracked.
House : Been using your inhaler lately?