Thirteen : I'm so sorry.
Spencer : How long until the cysts come back?
Thirteen : We don't know exactly. I'm sorry.
Spencer : Stop saying you're sorry.
Thirteen : I know you're scared.
Spencer : I don't know what I feel.
UNK: You're going to be numb for a few more days.
Thirteen : Then you'll go home and cry for a few weeks.
Thirteen : And then you get angry, start telling yourself nothing matters anymore.
Thirteen : You start doing stupid things.
Thirteen : Maybe you go out to bars and pick up a bunch of women.
UNK: You're...
Spencer : How long do you have?
Thirteen : Maybe a little more than you, maybe a little less.
Thirteen : I'll race you.
Thirteen : I was thinking maybe I'd come back later?
Spencer : Sounds good.
Spencer : Oh, God. What's going on?
Thirteen : All her blood counts are down.
Thirteen : It's a new symptom, aplastic anemia.
House : Does the word "fired" have some whole other definition that I'm not aware of?
Thirteen : I don't work for you. Fine, don't pay me.
Thirteen : Just let me finish out this case.
House : So you like her now that she's dying.
House : What happens if she stops dying?
Foreman : There's no danger of that right now.
Foreman : If we don't figure out what's wrong with her, she's got days, not years.
Thirteen : Aplastic anemia takes LAM off the table.
Taub : Unfortunately, none of our other choices are any better.
Taub : PNH with some sort of respiratory infection...
Thirteen : Best case gives her 12 years.
Kutner : Or fast-moving Langerhans. Few months.
Foreman : Or mastocytosis, which can cause systemic shock and kill her in days.
House : Go. Test for everything. Not you.
House : You're just a visitor.
Chase : How's your patient?
Foreman : She doesn't have Langerhans.
Chase : That's good.
Foreman : Actually, a cancer diagnosis would be good news right now.
Foreman : Do you think I'm boring?
UNK: Yes.
Foreman : You're saying that just to screw with me.
Chase : Yeah. Why would you expect anything else?
Foreman : I expect House to pull my strings,
Foreman : I expect Cameron to make me feel better,
Foreman : I expect the new team to kiss my ass,
Foreman : and I expect you to be honest 'cause you don't give a crap.
Chase : Yes, you're boring. That speech was boring.
Foreman : Thanks so much.
Chase : You don't let other people's problems affect you.
Chase : You don't let your own problems affect you.
Chase : And it's the screw-ups that make us interesting.
Chase : You're never out of control, which is good and boring.
Chase : Never losing control also means you're never putting yourself out there,
Chase : never pushing your limits.
Chase : On the other hand, you do have a tattoo, so maybe I'm wrong.
Spencer : I'm glad you're here.