Foreman : Think you can pick a lock faster than me?
House : No need to pick.
Foreman : Nice. Steal from your employees.
UNK: Never.
House : I had my dick make keys when I hired him to dick up the team.
UNK: I always imagined she'd have a sex swing in the living room.
Foreman : Give me my key.
House : Don't have your key.
Thirteen : You expect me to believe that you hired Lucas
Foreman : to investigate everyone except for me?
House : Waste of money.
Foreman : I already know everything about you.
House : Thirteen had her purse, that's gotta be the patient's.
House : Check it for drugs.
House : I call shotgun on her bedroom.
Foreman : You know that I stole a car when I was a teenager.
Foreman : You know that my mom has Alzheimer's.
Foreman : You know nothing else.
House : Want me to have you investigated? When did you get so needy?
UNK: I'm not needy, I just don't buy it.
Foreman : You always want more information about people.
Foreman : Look where we are. Purse is clean.
House : Last night wasn't the first time that Thirteen brought home some strange.
UNK: If you found her diary... No toys.
UNK: When you sleep with the same person over and over,
House : that's when you need accessories.
House : First time is plenty exciting on its own. Unless...
House : You think an asthma inhaler could be used as a sex toy?
Foreman : There are ways of getting to know people without committing felonies.
House : People interest me. Conversations don't.
Foreman : Because conversations go both ways.
UNK: House & Foreman Together : Like Thirteen. Like Thirteen.
House : Brown recluse, found it at your apartment.
House : Their venom can cause seizures and heart problems.
House : Unless the ultrasound showed anything.
UNK: No.
Thirteen : What room did you find it in?
UNK: Bathroom.
House : Nice bidet, by the way. Very refreshing.
Thirteen : I don't have a bidet.
UNK: Oh.
House : Spider's not the only interesting thing I found.
Thirteen : Yeah, my inhaler is fascinating.
Thirteen : It's got its own extensive online following.
Taub : You have asthma?
Thirteen : When I was a kid.
Thirteen : It started acting up again when I moved into my new place.
Kutner : You moved? Who cares?
House : He doesn't. He's just surprised he didn't know.
House : You withhold things other people would never bother to.
UNK: A move, a little wheeze,
House : whatever you thought was in my pocket instead of your inhaler.
House : Maybe I should make a return trip to your place.
UNK: A spider bite doesn't explain anything
Kutner : unless the patient was actually bitten by a spider.
Kutner : I'll do the exam.
House : Don't be ridiculous, that'd be inappropriate.
House : It'd be better if a woman gropes her.
House : There's no sexual tension that way.
Thirteen : I need you to stand up and take off your gown.
Spencer : I think I would've felt a spider biting me.