House : Lights on or off?
UNK: You got a medical rationalization for that one?
UNK: Light sensitivity could... On.
UNK: Huh! Figured she had more shame than that.
House : She talk dirty, or make you rely on vague hand signals?
Spencer : She's pretty direct about what she wants.
House : I'm learning so much.
House : Okay, score the score, scale of one to 10.
Thirteen : Don't answer.
UNK: Seven.
UNK: Finally get one right.
Lucas : You want to investigate him because he ate a donut?
House : He claimed he had a morning meeting at Mickey's Diner.
House : Wilson loves Mickey's Diner.
House : He has the French Toast Tower whenever he sets foot in the door.
House : There's no way he would have come to work wanting more carbs.
House : He lied to me. I need to know why.
Lucas : What do you think you'll find out?
House : I'm worried that he might be a spy.
Lucas : He's been gone four months. You're worried the friendship has changed.
House : I'm just not sure if he's working for Hirohito
House : or the New England Patriots.
Lucas : You played a practical joke on him, he didn't laugh...
House : I need something to lord over him, a lie.
Lucas : ...he didn't try to retaliate, he moralized.
House : He always moralized.
UNK: And he always moralized and got even.
Lucas : He hasn't fired back.
House : Things always change.
Lucas : And that sucks.
House : Yeah. Find out where he was.
UNK: I should've known it wasn't a coincidence. I found your letters.
Thirteen : You recognized House's name, and you're the first patient I've seen
Thirteen : who actually enjoyed being accosted by him.
Spencer : I would've told you, but...
Thirteen : What exactly would you have told me?
Thirteen : That you slept with me to get to House?
Thirteen : That you've been trying to get him to take your case for over a year?
Spencer : I'm sick, no one even wrote back.
Thirteen : You used me.
Thirteen : You used me.
Thirteen : My motives were clear.
Spencer : You might've figured out my motives faster if you had bothered to ask my name.
Spencer : I followed you to that bar because I wanted to talk to you,
Spencer : see if you'd help me get to House.
Spencer : I didn't expect you to be so aggressive.
Thirteen : Was that seizure even real?
Spencer : Why would I fake a symptom?
Spencer : It would just make it harder for House to diagnose me.
Thirteen : There's nothing to diagnose. Your biopsy results are negative.
Spencer : Then it's something else.
Thirteen : Get dressed. I'm discharging you.
Spencer : House admitted me. He obviously thinks...
Thirteen : House is using you as an excuse to stick his nose in my personal life.
Thirteen : I'm tired all the time.
UNK: Some nights I fall asleep at 10 : 00 and wake up at noon, still tired.
UNK: Every doctor I see, tells me there's nothing wrong.
Thirteen : And that proves what, exactly?
Thirteen : That they're wrong or that you're wrong?
Thirteen : Come on, you expect me to believe...
Thirteen : Sit back, deep breaths. Try and relax.
Thirteen : Get the paddles, she's gonna crash.
UNK: Damn.
House : Eye issue, brain issue, now a heart issue,
House : sounds like a real case to me.
Thirteen : Yeah, I get it. I was wrong. Can we move on?
House : You're just upset because the whole time she was with you,
UNK: she was thinking about my huge, throbbing diagnostic skills.
House : Drugs would explain everything.
Taub : This morning you rejected drugs.
House : That's when I thought that Thirteen was right
UNK: and I was just jerking her around.
House : Cardiac arrest means she could be a serious user.
UNK: Great. What?
Thirteen : That means that something she did at my place set this off,
Thirteen : either she brought drugs in
Thirteen : or she grabbed something from my medicine cabinet.
Thirteen : And that means my place needs to be searched.
Thirteen : Now, I'd be happy to do that myself,
Thirteen : but unfortunately, that would be far less titillating for House,
Thirteen : so he's about to come up with some convoluted medical reason
Thirteen : why I have to stay here while he goes through my stuff.
House : Patient's dad had bypass surgery,
House : means she's a candidate for atherosclerosis, she needs an ultrasound.
House : That was much less convoluted than what you just said.
Thirteen : I'm not giving you my keys.
Thirteen : If you want to do this, I'm going.
UNK: Who can pick a lock?
Foreman : I'll go. Make sure he doesn't steal any underwear.
House : You're a disgrace to your stereotype. Move over.