UNK: Beckett cont'd : Susan Mailer was killed in the blast, and Jared Swanstrom was
UNK: caught by the FBI and served 15 years.
Castle : Allison Goldman, A.K.A. Cynthia Dern,
Castle : managed to stay a fugitive for nearly two decades.
Beckett : And then she poked her head out of hiding,
Beckett : and a couple of months later, she's dead.
Montgomery : Now, who would hold a grudge for 20 years?
Beckett : How about the people whose lives she's ruined?
Michael : You say she was living in Irvington?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Eleanor : That's just a couple of miles away from here.
Beckett : In the months leading up to her death, Cynthia was working with a journalist.
Eleanor : We spoke with Lee Wax several times.
Eleanor : She never told us Cynthia was involved.
UNK: Captain Pike : She should have. Excuse me. Will you excuse me, please?
UNK: This is hard for him. He's still angry about what happened. We all are.
Castle : This is your son? - Adam.
Castle : He's a sailor, just like his dad.
UNK: The settlement wasn't enough to cover all of Sam's medical costs.
UNK: Adam's been working and helping out since he was a teenager.
Beckett : Adam? I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Adam : Is this about her? Cynthia, or Allison, or whatever she called herself?
Beckett : Did you have any idea that she lived so close?
Adam : Didn't know, didn't care.
Beckett : You didn't care about the woman who almost killed your father?
Beckett : I find that hard to believe.
UNK: You know, my family waited 20 years for the cops to find Cynthia Dern,
Adam : so my dad could get just a little bit of justice.
Adam : Well, it's too late for that now. So, what do you want from us?
Beckett : Well, I thought you might want to know how Cynthia died.
Beckett : - She was drowned, in motor oil. - Motor oil?
Castle : It's almost as if whoever did it had a personal connection to the bombing.
Beckett : Adam, if I looked in your garage right now, would I find motor oil?
Adam : I own a boat and a car, Detective.
Beckett : And where were you last Tuesday?
Adam : I bartend at the Foxtail Grill on Manchester every Tuesday.
Adam : Are we done?
Beckett : Yes, for now. Thank you.
Castle : You know what? I hope his alibi checks out. I hope he didn't do it.
Beckett : And here, I thought you would be saying,
UNK: "What a great story it would make if Adam Pike did it.
UNK: "A son taking revenge for his father. "
Castle : It is a good story. It's a great story.
Castle : Personally, I would just write a happier ending for that family.
Esposito : Beckett. FBI files on the tanker bombing in '89.
Esposito : - I've been going through them. - And?
Esposito : Three days after the bombing,
Esposito : they captured Jared Swanstrom at a motel where he'd been hiding out.
Esposito : Feds had a tip line. Some helpful citizen calls,
Esposito : and said they'd seen Swanstrom at the motel.
Esposito : Feds go in, grab him up. Easy-peasy.
Beckett : It's pretty standard stuff.
Esposito : Yeah, until you get to the part where the tipster never collects on the reward.
Beckett : And who was the tipster?
Esposito : That's just it. The FBI never knew, because she didn't leave a name.
Beckett : - "She"? - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Records describe the voice as "young and female. "
Beckett : It could be Cynthia Dern.
Beckett : Do you think she would give up her friends to the cops?
Esposito : Doesn't matter what I think. Only matters what Swanstrom thought.
UNK: The guy did 15 years in prison.
Castle : That's a long time to think about who put you there.
Lee : - Jared Swanstrom? - Yeah.