Castle : You had motive, means, and opportunity.
UNK: Please. Only a novelist could come up with a twist this absurd.
Castle : Not as absurd as killing a woman to salvage your story.
Castle : Drowning her in motor oil gave you just the ending you needed.
UNK: I'm a true crime writer, so I don't have your talent for fiction.
Beckett : We know your publisher wanted to dump your contract.
Lee : Because I told them that I thought Cynthia was lying.
Beckett : So, you didn't believe her remorse was genuine?
Lee : When Cynthia cried, it was for herself.
Lee : She wanted to cash in and keep herself out of jail. That's it.
Beckett : Well, she must have felt some responsibility for what happened.
Beckett : After all, she sent the Pikes money year after year.
Castle : What money?
Adam : Every month since the bombing, the Pikes have been receiving money,
Castle : courtesy of Cynthia Dern. Only, there's nothing about that in your notes.
Lee : Because she never told me. Are you sure?
Beckett : We're sure.
Lee : Look, the Tuesday that Cynthia was killed,
Lee : I was out to dinner with my publisher until after midnight.
Lee : So, I couldn't have killed her.
Castle : Remind me if I ever decide to write a memoir, to never write a memoir.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : - Why not? - Because memoirs are about truth,
Castle : and I'm not a very truthful person. It'd be too easy to make myself look good.
Beckett : Might be harder than you think.
Castle : Maybe. But I would sure start with the most generous thing I ever did.
Beckett : You mean, like how you anonymously sent money to your victims
Beckett : because you felt so guilty about what you'd done?
Castle : The object of Cynthia's memoir was to gain sympathy.
Castle : What could be more sympathetic than
Castle : sending the Pikes guilt money for 20 years?
Beckett : It doesn't make sense that Cynthia didn't tell Lee Wax.
Castle : Unless the money didn't come from Cynthia.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : It had to be from Cynthia.
Adam : Swanstrom was in prison, and Susan Mailer was dead.
UNK: Call. And you're sure no one else was involved?
UNK: No, just the three of them, assuming you believe the FBI. Call.
Castle : You know, we don't really have to talk about this.
UNK: Judge Markway : Anything to stop His Honor here from talking about budget initiatives.
UNK: Oh, okay, Judge. Who was it that appointed you again?
UNK: Judge Markway : Now, the FBI, I believe.
UNK: Judge Markway : But why take Cynthia Dern's word for anything
UNK: Judge Markway : that happened the night of the bombing,
UNK: Judge Markway : when her own ghostwriter didn't even trust her?
Mayor : You know, the judge is right.
Mayor : What do we actually know about what happened?
Beckett : Not much.
Beckett : According to Lee Wax's notes, Captain Pike heard two women arguing
Beckett : just before the explosion.
Beckett : Cynthia claims that she was trying to change Susan's mind.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : Fold. But, if we assume Cynthia was lying...
Mayor : Then maybe it was Susan that wanted to save Pike,
Mayor : and Cynthia that wanted to run. Raise 20.
Castle : Right. But the bomb was already set,
Castle : so the three-minute timer is already ticking.
UNK: Judge Markway : The girls argue, wasting precious seconds.
Mayor : Susan runs towards the ticking bomb to try to shut it down...
UNK: Captain Montgomery : While Cynthia runs for cover.
Castle : Right. Susan gets to the bomb, but too late.
UNK: Boom.
Castle : Which means Susan Mailer didn't die trying to set the bomb.
UNK: Judge Markway : She died trying to save an innocent man's life. Fold.
Beckett : It still doesn't explain where the money came from.
Mayor : Fold. Well, what about it, Castle? You're good with twists.
Mayor : - Where'd the money come from? - I'm thinking.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you might want to think up some chips for the pot,
Beckett : 'cause it looks like it's just you and me.
UNK: All right, Detective Beckett. I'm all in.
Castle : Oh, what's the matter? You afraid of a little action?
UNK: Judge Markway : Oh, do us a favor, Detective. Beat his pants off.
Castle : Yes, please. Beat my pants off, if you dare.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : Beckett, do me proud.