Swanstrom : But when Cynthia got back in the car that night,
Swanstrom : she said that something had gone wrong,
Swanstrom : that the bomb had... Had blown early.
Swanstrom : I'm the reason that Susan Mailer is dead.
Martha : At least one of them took responsibility for what happened that night.
Castle : Yeah. Maybe even a little too much responsibility.
Alexis : You don't believe Jared Swanstrom's story?
Castle : That's the thing. It's not his story, it's Cynthia's.
Martha : You want to break it down for those of us who've already had a glass of wine?
UNK: Castle re : Cynthia told Lee Wax that she and Susan Mailer had an argument
UNK: Castle re : as to whether or not to set off the bomb,
UNK: Castle re : once they knew the captain was on board.
UNK: Castle re : Cynthia backed out. Susan went on to set off the bomb by herself.
UNK: - And, "Boom. " - Huh.
Alexis : But today, Jared Swanstrom said that Cynthia told him
Alexis : there was something wrong with the timer.
Alexis : She never said anything about an argument.
Martha : Oh. Well, that is a rather glaring omission.
Castle : You know, when I'm writing, I find it's all about choices.
Castle : What to put in, what to leave out.
Castle : When to reveal some information, when to hold something back.
Castle : But, as someone else's ghostwriter,
Castle : you only know what they want you to know.
Alexis : But Lee Wax isn't Cynthia's ghostwriter anymore, right?
Alexis : Now that she's dead, it's no longer a memoir.
Alexis : It's a true crime story. And it sounds like the true story
Alexis : is a whole lot juicier than Cynthia's lies.
Beckett : Good morning.
UNK: Oh! Hey. Sorry. I've just been going over Lee Wax's interview notes.
UNK: When she spoke to Jared Swanstrom, he told her the same thing he told us.
UNK: Cynthia said the bomb blew early. But she left that version out of her book.
UNK: That's because it contradicted Cynthia's latest story,
UNK: that the girls argued when they discovered
UNK: that Captain Pike was still on board, and that Susan set the bomb alone.
Castle : According to the publisher, Cynthia has full approval over everything
Castle : Lee Wax wrote. It was her way or the highway.
Beckett : You talked to the publisher?
Castle : I am somewhat known in those circles. Anyway, they didn't like it.
Castle : They were looking for a true crime tell-all, and what they were getting was
Castle : some sanitized bunch of remorseful boo-hooing.
Castle : They were getting ready to pull the plug.
Beckett : - And now? - Well, now that
Castle : Cynthia's murder's all over the media, they're back on board,
Castle : so long as the book takes a more sensationalized angle.
UNK: "Kaboom! The True Story of a Domestic Terrorist Turned Suburban Housewife,
UNK: - "and the Crime that Shocked America. " - Catchy.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : So, with Cynthia out of the way,
Beckett : Lee Wax is sitting on a potential bestseller.
Castle : People have killed for a lot less.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: All right, bring him in.
Castle : - What? - Adam Pike's alibi fell apart.
Beckett : He was lying about being at work on Tuesday night.
Beckett : He remembers seeing a guy just like you outside their house
UNK: a couple of weeks before she was murdered.
Beckett : Don't make me put you in a lineup.
Adam : I just wanted to talk to her.
Beckett : - How'd you find her? - That writer.
Adam : The way she kept talking about what happened to my dad,
Adam : she knew things that only someone on that ship could know.
Adam : So, I started following her around. Eventually, she led me to Cynthia Dern.
Beckett : And why didn't you call the police?
UNK: Because I wanted to look her in the eye.
Castle : - What money? - What do you mean by "blood money"?
Adam : After I found out where Cynthia lived, I went and told my mom.
Adam : I didn't know if we should call the Feds or what.
Adam : She started crying. She told me we'd been
Adam : getting money every month since the bombing.
Adam : Different amounts. Sometimes more, sometimes less. But every month.
Beckett : And she thought that the money was coming from Cynthia Dern?
Adam : The first envelope, there was a note. "Please forgive me. "
Adam : Susan Mailer was dead. Swanstrom was in prison.
Adam : There wasn't anybody else.
Beckett : You know, with this kind of evidence,
UNK: Cynthia could have been caught years ago.
UNK: Mom said without that money, we wouldn't have made it.
UNK: She figured as long as Cynthia was free, the money would keep coming.
Adam : Because I was there, at the hotel. I followed her.
UNK: I was just gonna talk to her.
Adam : I spent an hour walking up and down that hallway,
Adam : trying to get up the courage to go and knock on that door,
Adam : you know? I was gonna do it.
Adam : But then someone got off the elevator and knocked on her door instead.
Beckett : - You saw her killer? - I didn't get a good look.
UNK: But I did hear them talking, and I can tell you one thing.
UNK: What?
Adam : It was a woman.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Lee Wax. Beckett!
UNK: Castle cont'd : It was Lee Wax! Beckett!
Esposito : Lee Wax.
UNK: Lee...
Lee : Murder? Are you people crazy?
Beckett : I have an eyewitness who can place you
Beckett : at the SRO where Cynthia's body was found.