UNK: To hell with "proud. " Make him cry like a little girl.
Esposito : All right.
Beckett : Sorry, fellas. It's just not my night.
UNK: Who's a good little boy? Who's a good little boy?
UNK: You are, and you are, and you are!
UNK: Judge Markway : Don't you ever get tired of winning, Castle?
Castle : Yeah, you'd think so, right? But, no.
Mayor : Well, I think that's it for me. Detective, it was a pleasure.
UNK: - Mr. Mayor. - Sorry we couldn't solve your case.
Beckett : And I'm sorry I couldn't make him cry like a little girl.
Mayor : Well, it's not your fault, Detective.
Mayor : No matter how down he gets, he always manages to rise from the dead.
Castle : - Oh, now, that'd be a twist. - What?
Castle : The money had to come from Cynthia,
Castle : because Swanstrom was in jail and Susan Mailer was dead, right?
UNK: Right.
Castle : But what if Susan Mailer didn't die in that explosion? What if she's still alive?
Ryan : - Susan Mailer, alive? - Her body was never found.
Beckett : Yeah, because she was vaporized in the explosion.
Castle : Well, maybe she was thrown clear.
Esposito : Well, then, she would've been badly burned and would've needed care.
Ryan : And no one matching her description ever checked into area hospitals.
Castle : Mere details, my good man.
UNK: Um, around here, we call them "facts. "
UNK: Well, then, let's go get us some facts.
Eleanor : Please don't think less of me. I did what I had to do to survive.
Beckett : These are from all over the place.
Adam : Not the recent ones. The recent ones are all the same.
Beckett : Lititz, Pennsylvania.
Castle : If we're gonna road-trip, I'm gonna have to pee first.
UNK: Post Office Clerk : - I've never seen her before. - Are you positive?
Castle : - Didn't he sound positive? - Castle.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Okay, how about her?
UNK: Beckett cont'd : She'd be older now.
UNK: Post Office Clerk : - How much older? - Twenty years.
UNK: Post Office Clerk : I don't think so.
Beckett : That's what I get for listening to a mystery writer.
Castle : She might have scars, or walk with a limp.
UNK: Post Office Clerk : Like she's been in an accident? It could be Mary Wright.
UNK: Post Office Clerk : Mary Wright?
UNK: Post Office Clerk : She comes in once a month or so,
UNK: Post Office Clerk : buys a money order to send to her relatives in New York.
Beckett : Do you have her address?
UNK: It sounds naive now,
Susan : but everything I did back then, I did because I thought it would help.
Beckett : We're not here because of the bombing, Susan.
Beckett : We're here because of what you did to Cynthia Dern.
Castle : Her body was found in a tub of motor oil. But you already know that.
Beckett : Forensics is going through that room as we speak.
Beckett : And believe me, they will find something,
Beckett : something that connects you to Cynthia's death.
UNK: Captain Pike : She should have just left it all alone.
UNK: She had a husband, a good life. Well, that wasn't Cynthia.
UNK: Once she decided on something, well, you just better not be in her way.
Castle : Like that night on the tanker.
Susan : I saw the captain go below.
Susan : I don't know how he got back on board without us seeing. I tried...
Susan : I was, I was too late. When the bomb exploded, I was thrown overboard.
Susan : I can still feel the heat on my skin, even today.
Beckett : How did you survive without medical attention?
Susan : Um, a friend took me in, a med student. Nursed me back to health.
Susan : - I got a new identity. - And Mary Wright was born.
UNK: It's not hard to live like a ghost when everyone you love thinks you're dead.