Susan : I never contacted anyone from my former life, not even my parents.
Beckett : But you still sent money to the Pikes.
Susan : They had a son, medical bills. I was responsible.
Susan : Everything could have stayed just the way it was, except...
Castle : Except Cynthia decided to write a book.
Susan : That reporter put a post on an environmental board,
Susan : asking for info on Cynthia.
Susan : I e-mailed, pretending to be an old friend of the group.
Susan : It didn't take long for me to figure out that she had found Cynthia,
Susan : and Cynthia was lying about what happened on the ship.
Beckett : You tracked her down. You confronted her.
UNK: I threatened to turn myself in if she went through with the book.
UNK: Give myself up, tell the authorities everything.
UNK: She begged to meet with me first, somewhere we could talk.
Castle : That's when you rented the room?
Susan : Oh, no. Cynthia rented the room, not me. It was all part of her plan.
Susan : - Her plan? - Her plan to murder me.
Susan : When I got there, she poured me a drink.
Susan : "Let's toast to old friends," she said.
Susan : Only, you see, I don't drink.
Susan : I tried to leave. She wouldn't let me.
Susan : I hid in the bathroom. That's when I saw it.
Susan : A tub full of oil. Then, I understood.
UNK: She didn't plan to talk to you.
UNK: She planned to kill you and make it look like suicide.
UNK: That wine was laced with a sleeping pill.
UNK: You were supposed to drink it, and then drown in the oil.
Beckett : And then the world would think that you were wracked with guilt
Beckett : over the Pikes all these years,
Beckett : and that you finally decided to commit suicide.
Castle : Once your body was discovered, the public would clamor for the true story.
Castle : Cynthia's true story, with you, now cast as the villain.
Susan : We struggled. She lost her balance
Susan : and fell against the sink, and hit her head.
Susan : I should've called for help, but I just wanted it to be over.
UNK: So, I dragged her to the tub,
UNK: and I pushed her in.
Susan : You see, I was already dead. I just wanted to keep it that way.
Lee : I heard you made an arrest.
Castle : You can hear all about it in the morning news.
Lee : Oh, come on. After all the help I gave you on this case,
Lee : you can't give me any more information than that?
Castle : Well, I could.
Castle : But I just keep thinking that, if it wasn't for you,
UNK: there wouldn't be a case in the first place.
Lee : What does that mean?
Castle : All the people from Cynthia's past that you interviewed,
Castle : how did you manage to let every one of them know
UNK: that you were in contact with her?
Lee : What are you implying?
Castle : You wanted someone to put two and two together and call the cops.
Castle : You wanted Cynthia in prison.
Castle : That way, you could tear up the contract you had with her
Castle : and write the story you wanted to write.
Castle : With an ending that would sell more books.
Castle : I mean, you couldn't call the authorities yourself.
Castle : What kind of story would that be?
Lee : That's a lovely theory. But, even if it's true,
UNK: I didn't kill Cynthia Dern. I didn't even do anything illegal.
Castle : Oh, no, no, no. It's not illegal, it's just slimy.
Castle : So your all-access pass has been revoked.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Oh, and one more thing.
UNK: Castle cont'd : One day, and one day not far from now, I'm gonna use this in a book.
Beckett : - Susan Mailer's in booking. - Hmm.
Castle : All these years, trying to do the right thing, trying to make amends.
Castle : Because of Cynthia's greed, she's gonna end up in jail.
Beckett : If you're looking for a happy ending, you've come to the wrong place.
Castle : Next time, I guess I'll just try that massage parlor on 2nd Avenue.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Just kidding. Actually, who needs a happy ending,
UNK: Castle cont'd : when you have a story with people pretending to be dead,
UNK: Castle cont'd : living under assumed names, plotting fake suicides, and murder for revenge?
Beckett : You know, I'm glad to see that you're entertained.
Beckett : I, however, have to call Michael Goldman
Beckett : and let him know that his wife was a sociopath.
Castle : But, you also get to call Jared Swanstrom
Castle : and tell him that he's no longer responsible for Susan Mailer's death.
Castle : Matter of fact, Susan Mailer's still alive.
Beckett : Which is why Cynthia's now dead.
Castle : Wow. You are all about the cloud, aren't you? Never the silver lining.
Castle : Okay, maybe this might cheer you up a little bit.
Beckett : - Your winnings. - My winnings?
Castle : Oh, don't play coy with me. You threw your hand.
UNK: All right, I was trying to be nice.
Beckett : I didn't want to embarrass you in front of your friends.
Castle : Now we're even.
Castle : So what do you say to a little showdown?
Beckett : - "Hand to woman"? - Whatever it takes.
Beckett : - You're on. - No mercy.
Beckett : - I'm gonna make you hurt. - Oh, you're gonna get hurt.
Beckett : - What are we playing for? - Pride. Or clothing.
UNK: I think I got a bag of gummi bears.
UNK: Shuffle.
UNK: Deal.
Beckett : Comfy with Texas Hold 'Em?
Castle : I'm comfy, so long as my cards come from the top of the deck.
Beckett : Huh. What you got up your sleeves?
Castle : Aside from my muscular arms?