Esposito : Someone who was slipping her a little cash
Esposito : while he was slipping her something else.
Castle : Yeah. Allison Goldman wouldn't have some cheap affair.
Castle : This person would have had to have meant something to her.
Castle : Someone who cared for her. Someone who listened to her.
UNK: Only now, he wanted a little more in return for his investment,
UNK: Castle cont'd : - something she wasn't willing to do. - Like leave her husband.
Ryan : And when she wouldn't, then he got violent.
Esposito : - Yep. You know, I feel so stupid.
Beckett : Here I am, looking for evidence,
Beckett : and all I had to do was just make something up.
Beckett : So, this imaginary boyfriend-killer,
Beckett : do you think that he has an imaginary address?
UNK: Man's Voice o.s. : Detective Beckett?
Beckett : Mr. Goldman. What is it?
UNK: My lawyer called the Social Security office this morning
UNK: to let them know that Allison had passed away.
UNK: Michael cont'd : He faxed this to me two hours ago.
Beckett : A death certificate?
Michael : Yeah, for Allison Porter. Now, "Porter" was my wife's maiden name.
Beckett : But it says here that Allison Porter died in 1963.
Michael : When she was three months old.
Michael : But this child's Social Security Number is the same as my wife's.
Michael : My wife wasn't the woman she said she was.
Michael : Our whole life together was a lie.
UNK: So, for 20 years,
Alexis : this woman was living under a false name? That's crazy.
Castle : Yeah. Her husband was pretty shaken up.
Martha : Trust me on this one, kiddo.
Martha : When a woman marries a man and doesn't bother to tell him
UNK: who she is for 20 years, she's a criminal.
UNK: Mata Hari. A shady lady.
Castle : In other words, a very good actress.
Martha : Speaking of which, you seem to have inherited a bit of my talent.
Castle : - Oh? How so? - The poker game. You let Beckett win.
Castle : - I don't know what you're talking about. - Oh, come on. I checked your cards.
Castle : I didn't want to take her money in front of all her friends.
Martha : Kate Beckett is not some bimbo
Martha : who needs big, strong you to look out for her.
Martha : She's a real woman, and a real woman does not want to be patronized.
Alexis : - She's right, Dad. - Yeah.
Castle : I was being nice!
UNK: Castle. Yeah, I'm on my way.
UNK: All right, I'm on my way to the precinct
UNK: to find out who this Mata Hari really was.
Ryan : Allison Goldman's e- mail account.
Ryan : Allison writes, "Lee, can we meet on Tuesday instead this week?"
Ryan : Lee writes back, "Sounds good. The usual place. "
Beckett : Tuesday, the day that she was murdered.
Castle : So, Allison's imaginary boyfriend has a very real e-mail account.
Ryan : He goes by the screen name "LWax220."
Ryan : The husband said it didn't sound familiar to him.
Esposito : Cyber tracked it down. Check this, Castle. The guy's a writer.
UNK: A real writer? Or a "I took a course at the Learning Annex" writer?
Esposito : Well, his name is Lee Wax.
Esposito : He writes true crime.
UNK: "an Eagle Scout, and the murder that shocked America. " Give me a break.
Beckett : Well, maybe he got tired of writing about other people's murders
Beckett : and decided to commit one on his own.
Castle : What's this?
Beckett : Your winnings from the other night.
Beckett : I'm not an idiot. I know you threw the last hand.
Castle : - How did you figure it out? - That's not the point.
Castle : - Oh, my mother called you, didn't she? - You owe me a rematch.
Castle : Fine. You want to play? Let's play. How about tomorrow night?
Beckett : With your mystery buddies?
UNK: What, are you kidding? No, no, no. Those guys would eat you alive.
UNK: No. I was thinking something a little more local.
UNK: My Gotham City crew. Guys I beat on a regular basis.