Beckett : Is that motor oil?
Lanie : Looks like it. But I'll have to pump out the tub and run some tests to be sure.
UNK: It's motor oil, all right. 10W-40. Empties in the closet.
Ryan : What kind of freak drowns a woman in motor oil?
Castle : Someone's trying to send a message.
UNK: Night Clerk : I already told the uniforms. Once the people check in,
UNK: Night Clerk : I don't want to know what they do up there.
Beckett : Her purse was missing, and she didn't have an ID on her.
Beckett : Any chance she paid for the room with a credit card?
UNK: All I can tell you is, whoever rented the room
UNK: on Friday paid cash for a five-day stay.
UNK: They were supposed to be out tonight,
UNK: so at midnight, I went up to check
UNK: if the place was empty, and found her in the tub.
UNK: Gonna be a bitch to clean it.
Castle : So, if anybody was meeting her here...
UNK: Night Clerk : It's not like the guests arrive and I ring them up. This ain't the Ritz.
Castle : - Clearly. What about tonight?
Beckett : Anyone strange coming in or going out?
UNK: Tranny Hooker : - Hey, Bill. - Jasmine. How's it hanging?
Castle : I think you just described half their clientele.
UNK: Unidentified woman, early 40s. Good health.
Lanie : She's wearing a wedding ring, but there's no inscription.
Beckett : - Cause of death? - Drowning.
Lanie : And there's a nasty contusion on the back of her head.
Beckett : So somebody hit her hard enough to knock her out,
UNK: and then gave her a motor-oil bath.
Lanie : And I found this in one of her pockets.
Lanie : Ticket stub for the Metro-North.
Lanie : Our victim took the train in from Westchester yesterday morning.
Castle : Westchester to lower Manhattan? That's a long way to go for a lube job.
Castle : See, when married ladies go to cheap hotels, it's always about sex.
Beckett : - Or drugs. - The sample in one of the wine glasses
Lanie : - tested positive for Remian. - The sleeping pill.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : This was not a crime of passion. That room was rented for five days,
Castle : and someone stocked the place up with motor oil. That takes planning.
UNK: And nice suburban ladies don't just take the train into the city
UNK: and not return without somebody noticing.
Esposito : Irvington PD logged a call last night from a Michael Goldman,
Esposito : wanting to report his wife, Allison, missing.
Esposito : Clothing and description match.
Esposito : Said she went into the city for work and never came back.
UNK: Said he knew something was wrong.
Castle : Poor guy. Unless he's the killer,
Castle : and he's covering his tracks by calling the police
Castle : before the body is discovered.
Beckett : How about we question him before we convict him?
UNK: - You got an address? Thanks. - Okay.
UNK: I don't understand. Where did you say that she was found?
Beckett : At an SRO in the city.
UNK: It's a single-room occupancy. It's like a transient hotel.
Michael : Why would she be in a place like that?
Castle : Can you think of anyone she might have been meeting?
Michael : No. My wife and I were happily married, Detective. We had no secrets.
Beckett : You told police last night that your wife went into the city for her job?
Michael : She was working part-time.
Michael : We'd had some financial setbacks the last few years. I'd been laid off.
Michael : Then we had to give up the apartment.
Castle : How did your wife handle the move to the suburbs?
Michael : Not... Not too well. Allison missed the city.
UNK: So, a couple of months ago, she got a job,
Michael : working three days a week at a clothing boutique in Manhattan.
Michael : This little place on 72nd called Lehane's.
Michael : She said that being there...
Michael : I'm sorry. She said that being there reminded her of the good old days.
UNK: So! I'm trying to put together a timeline of Allison Goldman's last hours.
UNK: First call I make is to Lehane's, the store where she worked.
UNK: I say to the owner, "Good morning, sir.
UNK: "I'd like to talk to you about your employee, Allison Goldman. "
UNK: Act One [00 : - And? - And he says, "Who?"
Castle : - Allison didn't work there. - Not yesterday, not ever.
Beckett : Well, if she wasn't going into the city three times a week for a job,
Beckett : then what was she doing there?
Esposito : And how did she come home Friday night
Esposito : with four hundred bucks in cash for the family kitty?
Ryan : Maybe Castle was right. Maybe this is about sex.
Esposito : The lady was a soccer mom.
UNK: Come by my daughter's school at about 3 : 30.
UNK: The place is like happy hour.
Beckett : Maybe she had a boyfriend.
Castle : Yes, a boyfriend. Someone she met in line at Zabar's,
Castle : or one afternoon at the museum when she ducked in to escape a rainstorm.
Castle : Maybe it was someone she already knew from the city.
Castle : Someone who reminded her of when times were good,
Castle : before she had to give up that cute apartment with the partial river view.