Kutner : You might want to get up and start heading for the exit signs.
House : For all I know,
House : I already am up.
House : More interesting question is,
House : why would I hallucinate an ex-employee
House : who I last saw with a self-inﬂicted gunshot wound,
House : as opposed to someone more busty?
House : Care to explain why you're here?
Kutner : The dead guy.
Kutner : Who is he?
Kutner : How'd you meet him?
Oliver : I was in a car accident last month.
House : I won a swimming trophy in high school. Your turn.
Oliver : I ran out of pain medication.
Oliver : I got an orbital fracture. It's just taking ages to heal.
House : Take off your shirt.
Oliver : My eye's up here.
House : Orbital fracture means your face went into the windshield.
House : Which means your chest went into the steering wheel.
House : Painkillers can suppress heart rate,
House : so unless you want me to kill you,
House : take off your shirt, let me do a heart exam.
House : I also wanted to see the ring of burns around your collarbone.
UNK: How did you know? The "codeine allergy"
House : you told the nurse about, that's shorthand for "give me the strong stuff,"
House : which matches your seen-better-days
UNK: - because-my-life-fell-apart suit.
UNK: The two old burns on your fingers
UNK: mean you tend to nod off with a cigarette
UNK: in your hand. No reason you shouldn't do that with one in your mouth.
UNK: May all your doctors be stupid.
UNK: Hold on a second.
UNK: That bruising around your belly button.
UNK: You might get some fun drugs out of this after all.
House : but the ultrasound showed air as well as blood. Now,
House : I know what you're thinking. Hemorrhagic pancreatitis.
House : But I also know what I'm thinking.
House : Doesn't explain the pneumoperitoneum.
Adams : You took a new case?
Park : You ran tests yourself?
House : I saw the chance to help someone in need, and I instinctively...
House : No, wait, that was someone else's instincts.
UNK: Wilson's dying, your parole officer
Taub : is probably on his way here right now.
Taub : How are you possibly in a good mood?
Adams : Air in his abdomen could mean blah, blah, blah.
Taub : But blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Adams : Blah, blah, blah.
House : Nobody cares about the medicine.
House : Perforated ulcer.
House : Laparotomy to find the hole in his tummy and close it up.
Kutner : You didn't answer the team's question.
UNK: Which is weird 'cause normally when I talk to my own employees,
House : I'm under oath and hooked up to a lie detector.
Kutner : You were looking at six months of prison
Kutner : instead of five months of Wilson.
Kutner : Why happy?
House : Obviously I had a plan.
UNK: Obviously, obviously you had a plan.
Kutner : The more interesting question is,
Kutner : why you didn't tell the team.
Kutner : I think it's because part of you knew from the start
Kutner : that the plan wouldn't work.
House : I need a meeting.
Foreman : I'm busy. Call my office.
UNK: Yes.
House : Because wobbly tables don't just un-wobble themselves.