Wilson : Even with me dying, you just assumed
Wilson : I'd be here to bail you out.
House : Since you are here, and you are bailing me out
House : seems like a pretty safe assumption.
UNK: Hey!
Wilson : I won't be here soon.
Wilson : If I do this, I'm teaching you
Wilson : that your bad behavior will always be rewarded.
UNK: You need to learn.“
House : How to act when you're gone?
UNK: If that's the lesson, we've a really great opportunity coming up.
Wilson : You'll just try to find someone else, and it won't work,
Wilson : and it shouldn't work.
House : So that's the great wisdom you're imparting?
House : That I'll always be alone?
Wilson : There's only one person you can count on.
House : I thought there were two.
Wilson : I need to do this.
Wilson : For you.
Stacy : Wilson's right.
Stacy : He's always right. He's always been your good side.
House : I always wondered why I photographed so poorly.
Stacy : And because he's always played that role,
Stacy : you've never had to develop a conscience of your own.
House : People don't change. Consciences don't spontaneously develop.
Stacy : You're wrong, Greg.
Stacy : Which is why you'll be better off without him.
Stacy : You've been looking to him to find what you've gotta find within yourself.
Stacy : Something you can find.
Stacy : Hold your child.
House : This is a reason to die.
House : This is what my life could have been, not what it can be.
UNK: If it could have been,
Stacy : you're capable of it now.
House : You're married, Cuddy's gone.
Stacy : We aren't the only two people who could love you.
House : Why settle so easily?
House : These are just idiotic fantasies.
Stacy : Greg, don't.
House : At odds with every logical bone in my body.
Kutner : Get up.
Stacy : You do not have to die in here!
House : Is this hell?
House : An eternity of people trying to convince me to live?
UNK: Who says I'm hereto convince you to live?
House : You're the last one I thought would hate me.
Cameron : I don't hate you.
Cameron : I love you.
House : And yet you think I deserve to die.
Cameron : But not as a punishment
Cameron : As a reward.
Kutner : I think
Cameron : you've suffered enough.
Cameron : You've given enough.
Cameron : I think you deserve a chance to just
Cameron : give up
House : Like Wilson did?
House : Like Wilson did.
Cameron : You accepted his choice that ending the pain is better than the pain.
Cameron : Why can't you give yourself that gift?
Foreman : This is the address House's patient gave?
Wilson : Everybody lies.
House : Do you smell smoke?
UNK: Just lei go.
Cameron : Just go to sleep.
House : I had a chance to avoid this.
Cameron : You had many chances, and you blew them all up.
House : No, this was different.
Cameron : They're all different. But the reasons are all the same.
Cameron : You're arrogant You're self-destructive.
Cameron : You only care about yourself.
House : That moment with the patient.
UNK: That chunk of conversation I skipped over.
House : I told him he was dying.
House : If it makes you feel any better,
House : at this rate, it'll be fast.
Oliver : Let me take the fall.
Wilson : For you. For that prank.
House : You don't owe me anything.
Oliver : You tried to save me.
House : I failed. Motives don't matter. Only actions.
Oliver : Trying is an action.
Oliver : Why are you trying to talk me out of this?
Oliver : You just fake the records, you say I came into the clinic last week.
Oliver : I'll tell the cops you treated me like crap.
Oliver : So I stole your tickets and ﬂushed them.
House : Thank you.
House : And you're doing this because you're dying?
Oliver : I'm doing this because I have nothing left to lose.