Kutner : Guess we've figured out why you're seeing me,
Kutner : your suicidal friend.
Wilson : He'll call you twice a day. Then his wife will call you twice a day
Wilson : to make sure she understands what he told her you told him.
Wilson : Which she won't, because he didn't.
Frankel : Maybe you want to give this one to Connors.
Foreman : Where's House?
Wilson : Don't know, don't care, working.
Wilson : Excuse me.
Foreman : No one has seen or heard from him since two nights ago.
Wilson : I'm sure he's enjoying himself.
Wilson : Last time he went to prison
Wilson : he maxed out his credit cards.
Wilson : Last time he went to prison, he thought he had you waiting for him.
UNK: You think he could have done something stupid?
Foreman : I think stupid is our best-case scenario.
Kutner : Why do you want to kill yourself?
House : Here's a reason. I can't even get stoned without some annoying jerk
House : deciding I need to be deeply analyzed.
House : Isn't this just an incredibly simple calculation?
House : I'm going to jail, losing my job, losing my best friend.
House : Do I need more?
Kutner : You think that's the sum total of who you are?
Kutner : A doctor, a friend to Wilson?
House : I'm also a tremendous baritone.
House : Now go away.
Kutner : Even with your subconscious, you're evasive.
Kutner : Death's not interesting.
Kutner : You exist for what's interesting.
Kutner : Puzzles' ideas, analysis.
Kutner : Death is the opposite of a cool puzzle.
Kutner : It's eternal nothingness.
Kutner : But you don't find life interesting anymore.
Amber : Stop being an idiot.
House : Can I have Kutner back, please?
Amber : How much pathetic wallowing do I have to sit through?
House : How are things in hell?
House : Is the humidity the big issue?
Amber : What happened next with the guy's medical case?
UNK: Why? Exactly.
Amber : Why am I, meaning you,
Amber : still obsessing about this case?
UNK: Obviously, we think it's relevant
Amber : to why we're still sitting on the ﬂoor of a burning building.
House : There was a code.
Adams : Gotta be a clot in his lungs. We need to get him to an OR.
Park : No time, his O2 sats are falling.
Park : We have to suck it out here,
Park : - bedside embolectomy. - Float a catheter through his heart
Adams : and his oxygenation'll get even worse.
Adams : He'll die before we can finish the procedure.
Taub : House, we need a call here.
Adams : What are you doing?
Adams : What did you give him?
UNK: Five,
UNK: four,
House : three, two...
UNK: Naloxone.
UNK: We should have got suspicious
House : when his visiting cousin signed in as Mr. Tar H. Horse.
UNK: The heroin caused the respiratory distress,
House : the naloxone turned off the receptors, causing your distress.
UNK: I'm not going to stop doing drugs!