Singer : 'Cause every time I see your face
UNK: I can't help but fall from grace
UNK: This girl's good.
Phoebe : Yeah, a song with rhyming words! I never thought of that before.
Chandler : I like her.
UNK: Why? Because she can both sing and play guitar at the same time?
UNK: That's all I'm looking for from these people.
Monica : Look at you, all jealous.
UNK: Come on, Pheebs. You two have completely different styles.
UNK: She's more... You know?
UNK: And you're more...
UNK: Say you'll stay beside me
UNK: See? Everybody else is happy she's done.
UNK: Okay, my next song's called :
UNK: "Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say? I Loved When We Were...
UNK: ...Singing Partners and I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way."
UNK: One of those "look for the hidden meaning" songs.
Singer : Hey, Phoebe.
Phoebe : Hey, Leslie.
UNK: How'd you know I'd be here?
UNK: I saw Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish.
Leslie : He said you played here a lot, so...
Chandler : I have to go to the bathroom.
UNK: If "big-fish place" comes up again...
UNK: ...I'd like to know if that's several big fish or just one big fish.
UNK: So Phoebe says you write jingles.
Phoebe : Actually, I said she abandoned me to write jingles.
UNK: Anything we might've heard of?
Leslie : Home is never far away
UNK: Home is Homestar Stew.
UNK: But I don't do that anymore. I got kind of sick of it.
UNK: And then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
UNK: Bummer.
UNK: Well, you know, I was just...
Leslie : I was just thinking and just hoping that...
UNK: ...maybe you'd want to get back together?
Phoebe : No, but, thanks.
Leslie : Come on, Phoebe. Would you just think about it?
Phoebe : No, but, thanks.
UNK: See you, Pheebs.
UNK: That was kind of brutal.
Phoebe : Let this be a lesson to all of you.
Phoebe : Once you betray me, I become like the Ice Woman.
UNK: I'm just very cold, hard, unyielding.
UNK: You know, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior.
Phoebe : Can I have a tissue?
UNK: Is someone in there?
UNK: I'm playing a daredevil game...
UNK: ...called "Wait Until the Last Moment Before I Burst and Die."
Chandler : Jeez, man! Did you fall...?
UNK: Hi!
UNK: So did you? Did you fall high?
UNK: Someone was in the ladies' room. I couldn't wait.
UNK: I left the lid up for you, though.
UNK: You know what, Gunther? Go ahead.
UNK: I'm talking to...
UNK: This is where you say your name.
UNK: Ginger.
UNK: Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so...