UNK: That's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating.
UNK: When you're up there and you're teaching...
Morse : ...and your face gets all serious...
UNK: You look so good. When you wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
UNK: I'm your teacher. I'm sorry.
UNK: You're a student.
Ross : And I like women.
Ross : In spite of what may be written on the backs of these chairs.
UNK: That guy at the counter's totally checking you out.
UNK: Really?
UNK: - Oh, my God, he's really cute! - Go for it.
UNK: Phoebe, I'm engaged.
UNK: I'm saying, get his number, just in case.
UNK: But if Chandler's in an accident and can't perform sexually...
UNK: ...he'd want you to take a lover to satisfy needs he'd no longer fulfill.
Monica : Can I just tell you something?
UNK: I'm very flattered, but I'm engaged.
UNK: This is kind of embarrassing.
UNK: I actually came over to talk to your friend.
Monica : You should be embarrassed.
UNK: - I thought you knew I looked at you. - I did, but that was really fun.
UNK: "The winner is... Joey Tribbiani!"
UNK: "I honestly never expected this.
UNK: I didn't prepare a speech.
UNK: I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me.
Joey : Also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel..."
UNK: - I'm fourth? - Jeez!
Rachel : Look at you with your maple syrup award!
UNK: Maybe you don't tell anyone about this?
UNK: No big deal. I do that with my shampoo bottle.
Ross : - Really? - Yeah.
Joey : - What award are you practicing for? - Grammy.
UNK: For Best New Artist.
UNK: The Soapies people called today. I also get to present an award.
UNK: So you'll get on stage even if you don't win.
UNK: - You don't think I'll win? - Of course I do.
UNK: But Favorite Returning Character? That's a tough category.
UNK: You're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
UNK: No, I know I might not win. But it's just...
UNK: I've never been nominated. I want it so much.
UNK: You'll probably get it.
UNK: But you should start practicing your "gracious-loser" face.
UNK: When the cameras are on you, you want to look disappointed.
Rachel : But also that your colleague deserved to win. Like :
Rachel : You know?
UNK: - You practice losing the Grammys too? - No, at the Grammys, I always win.
UNK: Hey, Mon. This woman only had two bites of her steak.
UNK: - Want me to wrap it up for your dog? - Oh, yeah.
UNK: - What's your dog's name again? - Joey.
Joey : - Hey! - How'd your date go with Jake?
UNK: Great. We couldn't keep our eyes off each other.
UNK: Every once in a while, he'd lean over, stroke my hair, then touch my neck.