Foreman : way before the Renaissance festival.
House : Which is true of anything that would compromise his immune system.
House : Which means it has to be some other environmental toxin.
House : Yesterday he was a healthy knight, today he's sleeping beauty.
House : Nothing else fits.
Chase : Trichinosis from eating infected meat?
Thirteen : We already ruled out food poisoning.
Thirteen : Both the butcher shop and the food stands at the fair were totally clean.
House : Then he ate the poison apple somewhere else,
House : or maybe you just missed it.
House : Start treatment for trichinosis and confirm with a muscle biopsy.
UNK: Hey.
Wilson : I can't believe I'm about to say this. Sam...
House : Told you so.
Wilson : No, she didn't dump me. She wants to get to know you better.
House : Damn it! I never should have let her see me naked.
Wilson : It goes against all my instincts, but I said all right.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : She thinks I was hiding her from you.
House : You were.
Wilson : I don't want her to know.
House : You're asking me to condone a relationship based on lies and mistrust?
UNK: Yeah.
House : When and where?
UNK: Tonight. Venezia. 8 : 00.
House : What am I gonna wear?
House : All my cereal boxes are at the cleaners.
Wilson : House, listen.
Wilson : I know you're worried about me.
Wilson : And I also know that that kind of unselfishness
Wilson : doesn't come naturally to you.
Wilson : But I don't want your help. I don't need your help.
Wilson : Just come to dinner and be your usual selfish self.
House : How could I say no?
Shannon : Miles said he'd stop by later.
William : Tell him not to.
William : I don't want to be seen like this.
Shannon : You're sick. That's nothing to be ashamed of.
Shannon : Unless you're saying you want me to leave?
William : No, don't.
Thirteen : I think he's saying it's different with you, Shannon.
Thirteen : It's a guy thing. They don't like showing weakness in front of each other.
Thirteen : Right, William?
William : Right. Maybe when I'm feeling a little better.
UNK: I'm going to take a small sample of your muscle tissue here.
Thirteen : Do you mind waiting outside for this?
Shannon : Don't hurt him.
Thirteen : He's safe with me.
William : I thought you were going to tell her.
Thirteen : Not my call, but if you ask me, she's waiting for you to.
William : Knights are supposed to be selfless.
Thirteen : Right, they conquered countries and built castles by being selfless.
Thirteen : Bravery and loyalty are great qualities for soldiers.
Thirteen : If you want to be king, sometimes you have to be willing to take what's yours.
William : She's not mine.
Thirteen : She's not his either. Not yet.
Sam : It's just dinner. Relax.
Wilson : Trust me, there is no "just" when House is involved.
Sam : We're in the middle of a restaurant.
UNK: What could he possibly do?
UNK: That.
House : Sorry we're late, but you know girls.
House : Always fiddling with the hair and the makeup.
House : James, Sam, this is Sarah.
Sarah : It's nice to meet you. Horace has told me...
UNK: House.
Sarah : House has told me all about you.
House : Nice to meet you.
Foreman : What's the diagnosis?
UNK: His muscle biopsy's clean. It's not trichinosis.