Thirteen : We're wasting our time.
House : Actually, I've already gotten good value.
Thirteen : I told you there's nothing here that could've caused any of his symptoms.
House : No, you told me that you couldn't find anything here
UNK: that could be causing his symptoms.
Thirteen : And now we're gonna find something new because we're in costume?
Thirteen : We looked everywhere. Tested everything.
Thirteen : Just because Wilson's acting stupid doesn't mean we are.
House : You think he's making a mistake?
Thirteen : Of course. But he'll figure it out sooner or later.
Thirteen : Hopefully after a few weeks of great sex.
Thirteen : Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
House : Wilson's not like us.
House : He cares too much about people and their feelings.
Thirteen : Thanks for the compliment.
House : The code that our knight claims to live by,
House : all that crap about honor and chivalry, Wilson's naturally like that.
UNK: Which is why he is...
Thirteen : A great guy.
House : ...a sucker and a target. Someone's got to look out for him.
House : You smell that?
Thirteen : Yeah, it's the apothecary shop,
Thirteen : and, yes, Foreman and I already...
UNK: Shop Clerk : I cry your pardon, sir.
House : You know what this is?
UNK: Why, that's lavender.
House : Try rose hips.
Thirteen : Both harmless. Who cares?
House : It could be cyanide, as far as he knows.
House : How about this?
UNK: Shop Clerk : Be nothing but St John's wort.
House : Wrong again. Black Cohosh.
UNK: Shop Clerk : My uncle owns the shop. I just started apprenticing.
UNK: What's the big deal?
UNK: Shop Clerk : Hey, I just organized all that.
House : You know what this is?
UNK: Shop Clerk : A wild carrot?
House : It's hemlock, you embossed carbuncle.
UNK: Shop Clerk : That's hemlock? You sure?
House : Did you sell it to anyone?
House : It's poison. Think hard.
UNK: Shop Clerk : It was just one branch.
House : You sold it to Sir William.
UNK: Shop Clerk : No. To the King.
House : It's the only part of the environment you didn't check.
House : The people living in it.
Miles : What's going on? Why can't we see William?
House : Because you poisoned him, your royal anus, with this.
Miles : Wild carrots?
UNK: Hemlock.
House : I need to know how much you used and how you prepared it.
Shannon : You did something to William?
Miles : No, of course not.
Thirteen : He's still alive. You want to avoid a murder charge, start talking fast.
House : The apothecary's willing to testify that you're the only one he gave it to.
Miles : Okay. Yeah, maybe I bought it for the food challenge,
Miles : but I didn't know that was hemlock.
House : If it was for the challenge,
UNK: why is Wee Willy the only knight who's dying?
Foreman : I don't know.
Miles : I'm telling you, I didn't know. Why would I want to hurt William?
Thirteen : I can think of at least one reason.
Shannon : Miles, please, whatever happened, just tell them the truth.
Miles : I am.
Miles : I swear.
Foreman : We ran a gas chromatography on his blood,
Foreman : found trace amounts of piperidine alkaloids.
Chase : The main markers of hemlock intoxication.
House : Well, the good news is, we now know what's wrong with you.
UNK: Bad news is, your king's precious ideals were just pretend after all.
House : At least when it comes to guys who get too close to his Queen.
William : It's not true.