UNK: I'm going to kill him.
House : You need to break them up.
Cuddy : Forget it.
House : So you'd rather sit back and watch
House : while the evil blonde gorges on Wilson's tender flesh
House : and then tosses out his bones like she did the last time?
House : You remember what he was like after that?
Cuddy : Yes, I do.
House : Well, then do something.
House : God knows he's not gonna listen to me.
House : You, on the other hand, have decades of experience dating
House : and being attracted to losers.
House : Obviously I don't include myself.
Cuddy : You know what happens when you interfere in other people's relationships?
House : Of course, I do it all the time.
House : Hmm. I see your point.
Cuddy : That is why I'm staying out of this.
Cuddy : You force him to choose, you might not like the answer.
Shannon : He doesn't seem to be in as much pain any more.
Thirteen : That's good.
Thirteen : But we won't be out of the woods for sure until the blisters start to recede.
William : I'm really thirsty. You mind getting me a soda?
UNK: Sure. I'll be right back.
Shannon : What's wrong?
William : The pain in my chest, it's getting worse.
Thirteen : Just now? No.
William : I didn't want to worry her.
Thirteen : So how long have you been in love with her?
William : What? No, we're just friends.
UNK: Seriously.
William : Since the first time I saw her.
Thirteen : Why don't you tell her?
William : She's engaged to my friend.
Shannon : The King?
Thirteen : Haven't seen him visiting or sitting by your bedside.
William : He has responsibilities.
Thirteen : Yeah? I'm guessing the Queen does, too.
William : What kind of knight steals his friend's bride?
William : I hate that I even think about it.
Thirteen : You're not a knight. You're just a guy.
William : But I want to be more than that.
Thirteen : Your chest?
UNK: No, my back.
William : Feels like there's a knife in it.
William : Is the infection spreading?
Chase : It's not MRSA.
Chase : It looks like some sort of clostridial organism.
Taub : Question is, which type of clostridium? There's hundreds.
Chase : C. Perfringens?
Taub : Wouldn't account for his other symptoms. C. Tetani, on the other hand?
UNK: Tetanus? He would have been inoculated against it.
Taub : So he cut himself and didn't get a booster shot.
Taub : The guy fights people with swords for fun, no one said he's smart.
Chase : They don't just fight for fun.
Chase : They fight to prove their bravery.
UNK: You buying this honor stuff?
UNK: Fighting is not brave, it's just stupid.
Chase : You would say that.
Taub : You think I've never been in a fight?
Chase : No, I just think you've never won one.
Taub : I took on three guys in college once.
House : Hope they bought you dinner first.
Chase : It's not MRSA. I know.
House : It's poison ivy. Poison ivy?
Taub : A severe reaction could cause the blisters
Taub : and maybe irritate his eyes enough to cause the hemorrhaging,
Taub : but the chest pain and seizures?
House : They have bonfires every night.
House : Burning leaves aerosolizes the oil.
UNK: You've seen what it's done to the outside of his body,
House : imagine what it's doing to his lungs and his sinuses.
Chase : Okay, maybe it remotely fits,
Chase : but I'd rather go with scientific evidence than with your gut.
House : How about this?
UNK: Apparently, it's all over his sword.
Thirteen : It's his heart rate again!
UNK: How fast is it? It's slowing. Why aren't you...
Chase : It's not MRSA.
Chase : I'm giving him 12 cc's of epinephrine.
Taub : He tested positive. You'll blow his heart out.
Chase : If it slows any more, it's going to stop.
Wilson : I told you!
Chase : And I told you.
Taub : That wasn't caused by poison ivy.
Foreman : Or epinephrine.
Foreman : Means the heart problem we ruled out, we now have to rule back in.
Chase : We found clostridium bacteria in the skin samples.
Thirteen : Clostridium's in dirt and basically harmless.
Chase : But opportunistic, if his immune system was depressed.
UNK: Leukemia? He would've had symptoms