Beckett : she'd be dressed in an elegant dress and...
Castle : And heels! This isn't Vera, this is Sally!
Beckett : Yeah, but it can't be Sally.
Beckett : The bartender said that he saw her months after the murders. Unless...
UNK: Castle & Beckett : He lied! He lied!
Beckett : But that was over half a century ago. Why would he lie about that?
Castle : Beckett, I just realized something. Huh?
Castle : I Can't Give You Anything But Love.
UNK: What?
Castle : That's what was playing when we interviewed the bartender.
UNK: Right. Right, he said that that was the best version of this song.
Castle : It was Louis Armstrong's version.
Castle : In Joe's diary, he says his favorite performer is Satchmo.
Castle : What's Satchmo 's real name?
Castle : Louis Armstrong.
Castle : Put it all together, the answer's clear.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Viola : Oh. Hello, again.
Beckett : Hello, Vera.
Castle : And hello, Joe.
UNK: Well, if it isn't Vera Mulqueen and Joe Flynn.
Castle : Back from the dead.
UNK: Everything all right, guys?
VERA : Everything's peachy. Thanks, Frankie.
Beckett : What happened? Stan figured out the truth?
Beckett : That you two were alive.
Beckett : That you murdered two people
Beckett : so you could disappear with the Blue Butterfly?
Beckett : So you lured him to the club and then you shot him?
Jerry : Lady, you got it all wrong.
Jerry : Stan cornered me at Betsy's funeral.
Jerry : Wanted to know how I knew her, so I lied. Told him I was the bartender.
Viola : Stan was clever. He was too clever. He figured us out.
Viola : He came here demanding to know where the Blue Butterfly was.
Viola : He threatened to expose us.
JOE : Like a dog after a bone.
Jerry : So we told him what he needed to know.
Jerry : We told him where it was. But we didn't kill him.
UNK: Come on, you guys. We know it's you.
Castle : You used the same gun from the '47 murders to kill Stan.
Castle : Same gun? But we keep that gun in...
UNK: In the china cabinet drawer.
Beckett : Don't even think about it. Put the gun down.
Viola : Francis Benjamin Huntsacker, what have you done?
Castle : Wait a minute, Huntsacker?
Castle : It was your mother who sold the diary to Stan.
Jerry : What diary? Your diary.
Beckett : So you read it and all this time you were looking for the necklace, too.
Frankie : That's why I got this crap job.
UNK: And for six months I slowly built trust, gently acquired information.
UNK: And then that jerk just waltzes in here
Frankie : and bullies the location of the Blue Butterfly from you? Come on!
Jerry : So when you realized it was now or never, you bushwhacked Stan.
Clyde : Took the Blue Butterfly for yourself?
Frankie : I brought their old .38 only as a precaution.
Frankie : I was just gonna chloroform Stan and steal it.
Beckett : But you found Clyde Belasco hiding behind the bar.
Frankie : I pulled the gun. Stan grabbed for it.
Frankie : I didn't mean to.
Beckett : Let's go, Frankie. You're under arrest.
Beckett : Hey, Castle, guess what we found at Frankie's apartment?
Castle : Oh, my! Oh, my God!
Castle : It's beautiful.
Beckett : It's fake. What?
Beckett : We confirmed it with an appraiser.
Beckett : It's well-crafted costume jewelry.
Beckett : All this time, and it's paste?
UNK: That's... Or maybe it's a twist on a twist?
Castle : Maybe the real Blue Butterfly was switched out for this one years ago.
Beckett : Well, whatever happened, it doesn't change the facts.
Beckett : We still have one more case to close.
Beckett : Okay, so now we know that Frankie killed Stan.
UNK: But there's still two murders that need to be solved.
Beckett : Sally Campbell and whoever else you put in that car.
Castle : It's time you come cle an on what happened
Jerry : the evening of June 24, 1947.
Castle : The night you disappeared.
JOE : Tell them, Vera.
Viola : We were all huddled around the radio,
Viola : listening to the Sugar Ray Robinson-Jimmy Doyle prizefight.
UNK: Viola voiceover : I was building up nerve to make my escape.
ANNOUNCER : A slowly tiring Jimmy Doyle
UNK: throws a left, another left.
UNK: He isn't jabbing cleanly. Here comes Robinson.
UNK: A left, a right, another left to the ribcage.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Moxie, I need to powder my nose.
UNK: Are you kidding me? Can't it wait?