UNK: "Mrs. Florence Kennard, secretary to the victim, Joe Flynn,
UNK: "attested to bearing witness to the following conversation
UNK: "between both victims, on the morning of June 24, 1947."
UNK: Joe/castle : I've worked this from every angle, doll.
UNK: Joe/castle : There's no way we can crack Dempsey's secret safe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Well, then how are we gonna get it?
UNK: Easy. You're gonna walk right out the door with it tonight.
UNK: How? It was hard enough shaking Dempsey's hatchet men this morning.
UNK: Vera/beckett : It's gonna be that much harder when I'm wearing the Blue Butterfly.
UNK: Joe/castle : It'll be a cakewalk. Trust me.
UNK: Joe/castle : Especially with our friend Jimmy Doyle helping us out.
UNK: Vera/beckett : And who's Jimmy Doyle?
UNK: Joe/castle : He's a prizefighter.
UNK: Joe/castle : And tonight he's taking on Sugar Ray Robinson for the welterweight title.
UNK: So?
UNK: So, every clover-loving Irishman worth his salt
UNK: Joe/castle : will be huddled around a radio tonight, cheering good old Jimmy on.
UNK: You're gonna wait till a rousing part of the fight.
UNK: Then you're gonn a excuse yourself.
UNK: Joe/castle : Whoever's assigned to be watching you surely won't be paying much attention.
UNK: And that's when you sl ip right out the back door,
UNK: Joe/castle : where I'll be waiting for you.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Joe, it's perfect.
UNK: Florence/martha : No! It's crazy.
UNK: What are you thinking, Mr. Flynn?
UNK: Florence/martha : And I can tell you, this Jane's no good.
UNK: Joe/castle : What are you on about?
UNK: Joe/castle : Look at me. I'm a new man. I'm a better man.
UNK: Joe/castle : I haven't even had a drink since I met Vera.
UNK: And if that's not a minor miracle, I don't know what is.
UNK: Florence/martha : You would be better off with the booze than with this chippy.
UNK: And what are you basing a relationship on, huh?
UNK: Florence/martha : A robbery and a lie?
UNK: Vera/beckett : What lie?
UNK: Joe/castle : Well, I guess it's time to come clean, huh.
UNK: Look, doll, it was no coincidence I met you in the club that night.
UNK: Joe/castle : I was hired to come find you, see?
UNK: Joe/castle : Only I couldn't tell you who. It's just...
UNK: Vera/beckett : Cut the corners, Joe, who hired you?
UNK: Joe/castle : It was your sister.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Joe, I don't have a sister.
Ryan : What happens next?
Manager : I don't know. That's the end of the statement.
Ryan : But if Sally wasn't Vera's sister, then who was she?
UNK: Sally set up the P I. It's a classic film noir twist.
Ryan : But why? I don't know.
Ryan : What was Sally up to? I don't know.
Ryan : Do you think she was connected to Dempsey?
Manager : I don't know. Isn't this great?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Hey.
Esposito : So our uniforms got a line on that homeless guy
Esposito : who was squatting in the Pennybaker. A hot-dog vendor ID'd him.
Esposito : Said the guy goes by t he name of West Side Wally.
Esposito : I put a want out on the guy.
Beckett : Great, that might be the break we need to catch Stan's killer.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS Excuse me.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: What? When? All right, I'm on my way. Thank you.
Esposito : That was the manager of Stan's residency hotel.
Esposito : A guy driving a white Mustang
Esposito : just forced his way into Stan's room. He's still there.
UNK: NYPD! Show us your hands!
Esposito : Show us your hands, now!
Beckett : Turn around slowly.
Beckett : You're Tom Dempsey.
UNK: Tom Dempsey : Yeah, that's me.
BECKETT : Tom Dempsey III.
UNK: A dead ringer. Complete doppelganger.
Tom : It's DNA, guys, it's not a magic trick. I'm his grandson.
Tom : All right, look, I'm sorry I broke in a door.
Tom : I'll pay for the damages. It's no big deal. Why am I still here?
Castle : Well, we were just curious to see
Castle : if you inherited anything else from your grandfather aside from his looks.
Beckett : Yeah, like one of his .38 revolvers that you used to kill Stan Banks.
Tom : Whoa, whoa, whoa, that didn't happen.
Tom : Look, Stan came to me,
Tom : only he told me his name was Nathaniel Jenkins.
Tom : He said he was a biographer.
Tom : Said he wanted to do a story about my grandfather.
Tom : He promised not to focus on his underworld dealings.
Tom : Just on the good stuff.
Tom : Like how my granddad was a pillar of the community.
Castle : More like a killer of the community.
BECKETT : And so when he made his pitch,
Beckett : you, wanting to rehabilitate your family name, cooperated.
UNK: Yeah.
Tom : I gave him access to all Granddad's old papers and everything was cool.
UNK: Until I found out the whole thing was a lie.
UNK: And how did you do that?
Tom : There's this singer who used to headline
Tom : at my granddad's club, Betsy Sinclair.
UNK: Couple of weeks ago, she passed away.
Tom : Well, I went there to pay my respects,
Tom : and who do I see there, but Nathaniel, chatting up this old guy.
Tom : He sees me, jets out the back.
UNK: I'm like, "What the hell is this all about?" Right?
Tom : So, I look in the guest book, I figured it out.
UNK: He'd signed his real name, Stan Banks.
Beckett : Which is when you figured out he wasn't really a biographer?
Tom : He was just another low-life treasure hunter looking for the Blue Butterfly.
UNK: And if anybody deserved the Blue Butterfly, well, it's you, right?