Beckett : Hate to burst bubbles, Castle, but this hasn't held anything in years.
Beckett : Looks like Stan was disappointed.
Castle : Yeah, he probably would have bee if that was the secret safe.
Beckett : That's not the secret safe?
Castle : Here's a fun fact, people often kept two safes.
Castle : One, that was easy to find, for minor valuables.
Castle : And a second safe, that was much harder to locate,
UNK: for the extra-specials like Blue Butterflies.
Beckett : Castle, where's the secret safe?
Castle : Coming to that.
UNK: So it's five days since Joe and Vera met,
Castle : and they were very much in love.
UNK: After only five days? Come on.
Castle : Well, people didn't waste time back in the '40s.
Castle : Matter of fact, they were so much in love, they risked it all.
Beckett : So, what does that have to do with our secret safe?
Castle : It happened backstage, right upstairs.
UNK: Castle voiceover : They were stealing a moment together
UNK: Castle voiceover : which was dangerous because she was Dempsey's girl.
UNK: Castle voiceover : As they stared into each other's eyes, Kate's heart quickened.
UNK: Did you just say "Kate"?
Beckett : Are you picturing the PI as you, and me as the gangster's moll?
UNK: What? No.
UNK: And I didn't say "Kate." I said, "fate". Fate's heart quickened.
Castle : I was being poetic. God!
Castle : Anyway, as I was saying, they were just about to kiss, when...
UNK: MAN SPEAKS IN SPANISH
UNK: Who's that?
UNK: Hey, boyo, you must be a slow learner.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : There's my baby.
UNK: Cuchillo/esposito : He's with you, Miss Sinclair?
UNK: Betsy/lanie : Yes. And I don't appreciate you lugs
UNK: mopping the floor with him the other night.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : Not for nothing, but you need to keep this on the hush-hush.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : Dempsey's not too keen about mixed laundry.
UNK: Joe/castle : Well, then we'll just keep this our little secret. What do you say?
UNK: Betsy/lanie : All right, fellas.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : You better wise up, Vera.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : Dempsey will have you butchered if he finds out.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : I mean, he's a hell of a smoocher and all,
UNK: Betsy/lanie : but damn it, girl, is this yum-yum really worth it?
UNK: Vera/beckett : He's the cream in my coffee.
UNK: Betsy/lanie : You two are a walking fairy tale. Good Lord!
UNK: Come on.
UNK: Joe/castle : Betsy's right, you know?
UNK: Joe/castle : Dempsey will scrag us for sure if he catches us turtle-doving.
UNK: You got to get me away from here, Joe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Away from Dempsey, away from all of it.
UNK: Joe/castle : Oh, yeah? And go where? We can blow this town, sure.
UNK: Joe/castle : Only, how far are we gonna get when we're both flat broke?
UNK: Vera/beckett : We're not broke, Joe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : We've got all the money we need and more around my neck.
UNK: All we got to do is take it away with us.
UNK: Joe/castle : What are you, daffy?
UNK: Joe/castle : You got at least two Brunos with you
UNK: Joe/castle : at all times when you' re wearing that thing.
UNK: Vera/beckett : It's funny.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Back when I was a cigarette girl, I'd watch Dempsey coming in
UNK: Vera/beckett : with his girlfriend wearing this thing
UNK: Vera/beckett : around her neck and I wanted it.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Pretty soon, I was his girl, and I had it.
UNK: Vera/beckett : But it's not a necklace, Joe. It's a diamond noose.
UNK: Vera/beckett : It's getting harder to breathe.
UNK: Then we got to turn that noose into a lifeline. Question is, how?
UNK: Vera/beckett : When I'm not wearing it, Dempsey keeps it in his secret safe.
UNK: Vera/beckett : And I know where it is.
UNK: And?
UNK: And
Castle : that's it. That was the last entry in the diary.
Beckett : What do you mean, that's it?
Beckett : What happened to Joe? What happened to Vera?
Manager : I don't know.
Beckett : Well, why would you tell a story when you don't know the ending?
Castle : If you wanted a beginning and a middle and an end,
Castle : I have 27 novels you can choose from.
UNK: Ugh!
Beckett : Okay, so where is this secret safe?
Manager : I don't know, but I think Stan must have found it.
Castle : Maybe that's why he needed that rod.
UNK: To pry open a wall, or something.
Beckett : Castle, look at the molding.
UNK: What?
Beckett : It's unlocked.
Castle : Stan found it. That's why he was killed.
Castle : But by whom?
ESPOSITO : Ray Horton.
Esposito : Assault, battery,
Esposito : and now you're using a dry cleaners to front your book-making operation.
UNK: Ray Horton : Whoa, slow your roll.
UNK: Ray Horton : A man on parole like myself can't be mixed up in book-making.
Ryan : How about murder, Ray? Is it okay if you get mixed up in that?
Ray : Stan? Who, who killed him?
Ray : Me? Why would I kill my business partner?
UNK: Your business partner?
UNK: Come on. It's true, man.
Ray : One of my clients hooked us up.
Ray : He knew that I was looking to diversify
Ray : and that Stan needed financing to find this lost necklace.