UNK: Joe/castle : You should see what my face did to the other guy's fist.
UNK: Vera/beckett : So what's your name, tough guy?
UNK: Joe/castle : Does it matter, doll?
MAN : Vera!
UNK: IN SPANISH
UNK: You know you're not suppos to leave our sight with the boss's hardware on.
Castle : The Blue Butterfly. It's a necklace!
Castle : That's why Stan Banks was killed!
Castle : Why am I narrating?
Beckett : So anything on that threatening call to the dry cleaners?
Ryan : Yeah. The owner claims he doesn't know
Ryan : anything about Stan or blue butterflies.
Ryan : However, a guy named Ray Horton rents out a back room.
Ryan : Turns out Ray is a bookie on parole.
Beckett : Okay. So maybe Stan was trying to meet Ray at the Pennybaker
UNK: so that he could pay off some debts?
UNK: Stan was not there because of his debt.
Castle : He was not even there about a blue butterfly.
Castle : He was there about the Blue Butterfly. It's a necklace.
UNK: A butterfly-shaped centerpiece made entirely of blue diamonds.
Castle : Worth about a million dollars, easy.
Beckett : Where are you getting all of this?
Castle : From the PI's diary.
Ryan : So Stan was on a treasure hunt?
UNK: Exactly. Did a little research.
Castle : Turns out, the Blue Butterfly disappeared sometime in the '40s.
Castle : And rumor has it, it's hidden somewhere in the Pennybaker Club.
UNK: If he found it, a million-dollar necklace, talk about motive for murder.
Castle : By the way, Ryan, say "boyo."
UNK: Boyo. WITH ACCENT Boyo.
UNK: Boyo. Boyo.
UNK: Boyo. Boyo.
UNK: Boyo. Anyway,
Castle : did some searching on the net, there wasn't a lot there.
Castle : But I found it's supposedly cursed.
Castle : And at one time belonged to an SS officer's mistress.
Castle : After the war, it made its way stateside
Castle : and into the hands of mob boss,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Tom Dempsey, who owned the club.
Castle : Which is why we need to go back.
Beckett : We do? Yeah.
Castle : You remember the green rod we found in Stan's hand?
Castle : Apparently Dempsey's downstairs office was painted shamrock green.
Castle : Stan had to have gone down there. Also according to the diary,
UNK: the Blue Butterfly was kept in a secret safe in Dempsey's office.
Castle : It's very possible we missed something.
Castle : We never really looked down there.
Beckett : Okay, Ryan, you see if you can get a hold of the bookie.
Beckett : Castle and I will go back to the crime scene.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Boyo. Boyo.
UNK: Boyo. Boyo.
Castle : Like a leprechaun. Castle!
UNK: Sorry.
Castle : So the PI tells Sally that he found her sister here at the Pennybaker Club.
Beckett : And did Sally go talk to her sister?
Castle : Well, no. Joe could tell that Sally,
Castle : being an innocent girl from the country,
Castle : she was a little bit nervo about dealing with mobsters,
Castle : so he offered to go back and make contact with Vera.
Beckett : Out of the goodness of his heart, I'm sure.
Castle : Can you blame the guy? I mean, she was gorgeous.
UNK: So anyway, Joe tel Is Sally he's gonna go arrange a meeting.
Castle : Sally agreed, but again insisted
Castle : that Joe not tell Vera that she was looking for her,
Castle : because of all the animosity back home.
UNK: Ah! I was right.
Castle : I bet that's where he got the steel rod.
Castle : Which is probably what he used to pry open the secret safe.