Castle : So you followed Stan. And when Stan found it, you shot him.
Tom : I did not shoot him.
UNK: Stan, wait, Stan did find it?
UNK: Come on, you tell us.
Manager : I don't know. I was not there.
Tom : I read in the newspaper that the guy was dead.
Tom : I went to his apartment to see what I could find.
Tom : And I didn't kill the guy.
UNK: So Dempsey's alibi holds u He didn't kill Stan.
Epsosito : Well, that's all right, 'cause we caught a break.
Epsosito : Unis finally tracked down West Side Wally.
Epsosito : They're bringing him in now.
Beckett : Great. Maybe that can shed some light as to what happened to Stan.
Castle : And if he can't, maybe Jerry Maddox can.
Castle : Jerry Maddox?
Castle : You remember how Tom the third told us
Castle : that Stan went to Betsy Sinclair's funeral?
Castle : I started thinking, why would he go?
Esposito : To do research.
UNK: Right. But research on whom?
Castle : So I stopped by at the funeral parlor.
Castle : Turns out that Stan spent an awful lot of time
Castle : with a friend of the deceased named Jerry Maddox.
Castle : And get this, Jerry was the old bartender at the Pennybaker Club.
Castle : And probably the last living link to the Blue Butterfly.
Esposito : Good job, Castle.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Yeah.
Frankie : Jerry, this is Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. They wanted a word.
UNK: Joe/castle : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Viola Maddox : You want some soup? It's homemade.
Castle : Oh, I don't mind if I do. That smells delicious.
Beckett : Uh, no, thank you. Actually, we're all right.
UNK: JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Am I hearing I Can't Give You Anything But Love?
UNK: That's right, kid. And that's the best version of that tune, too.
UNK: You come here to talk music, did you?
Beckett : Actually, we're here to investigate Stan Banks' murder.
Beckett : And we were wondering if you met him at Betsy Sinclair's funeral?
UNK: Yeah. He was murdered?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Jerry : Poor kid.
Beckett : Did he mention a necklace called the Blue Butterfly?
Jerry : Oh, sure. Asked me all kinds of questions.
Jerry : Where it might be, stuff like that.
Jerry : But I was just a bartender back then, I wasn't much help.
Castle : Now, this might seem an odd question,
Castle : but in 1947, do you remember when
Castle : Vera Mulqueen and Joe Flynn were murdered?
UNK: Of course. It was a big deal back then.
UNK: Dempsey, the fellow that owned the club, shot them in cold blood.
Castle : Same year, do you remember a woman named Sally Scofield?
Castle : She was a redhead. In 1947, she would have been about 18.
Jerry : Oh, I think I know who you're talking about. That's back in '46.
Jerry : I had just got hired at the Pennybaker.
UNK: JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
UNK: Vera/beckett : Cigarettes, cigars!
JERRY : Dempsey wasn't dating Vera back then.
UNK: He was going with a gal named Priscilla Campbell.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : Priscilla had a daughter, a redhead named Sally.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : Sounds like she's the one you mean.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : Sad story what happened.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : Not long after Vera caught Dempsey's eye,
UNK: Jerry voiceover : he dropped Priscilla and cut her and Sally off cold.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : They said it was the curse of the Blue Butterfly.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : Priscilla killed herself with a handful of pills.
UNK: Jerry voiceover : And Sally?
UNK: Couple of months after Vera and that PI got whacked,
Jerry : Dempsey died of a heart attack.
Jerry : The evening of his funeral, in walked Sally, all dressed up.
Jerry : Ordered a whiskey, neat, slammed it back,
Jerry : gave me a big, old crocodile grin,
UNK: and said she was free.
UNK: Then she strutted on out the door,
Jerry : and that's the last time I ever saw her.
Castle : It's a revenge story.
Castle : Sally blamed Vera for the death of her mother, so she plotted to take her down.
UNK: Somehow, she used the PI to do it.
Castle : She must have been setting them up.
Beckett : Yeah, but how does any of this help us figure out who shot Stan?
UNK: So, West Side Wally. May I call you Wally?
UNK: I prefer West Side.
UNK: Florence/martha : Of course.
UNK: West Side, we know you were at the Pennybaker Club two days ago.
Esposito : Yeah, we found your squat.
Wally : Whoa, Cagney and Lacey, you can stop right there.
Wally : I wasn't living in the club two days ago.
UNK: I'd already gotten bought out by the other guy.
Wally : Bought out? By the other guy?
UNK: A few days ago, the guy comes in and starts setting up a squat by the bar.
UNK: But West Side Wally didn't do neighbors.
UNK: So I said, "Hey, Professor, kick rocks."
Wally : He wouldn't take no for an answer.