Wally : Ended up paying me $400 to relocate.
Wally : So again, for the record this time, I wasn't there.
Ryan : Easy, easy, okay? Did you get this guy's name?
Wally : I didn't ask. He didn't say.
Esposito : Can you describe him?
Wally : Medium height, medium build, white, 50s.
UNK: I called him "the professor" because he spoke like a pretentious jerk.
Wally : Hey, it's the professor!
Epsosito : Clyde Belasco.
UNK: We know that you were at the Pennybaker Club, Mr. Belasco.
Beckett : You paid off a homeless man so that you could have the place to yourself.
Clyde : I have a condo on the Upper East Side,
Clyde : a chateau in Bordeaux, a chalet in Gstaad,
Clyde : and yet, on the word of some vagrant,
Clyde : you believe that I paid to squat in an abandoned building?
Clyde : Me, Clyde Belasco?
Castle : Pretty much.
UNK: I'd like to see you prove it, sir.
Beckett : All right, have it your way, Professor.
Beckett : We will see you at the sentencing hearing.
Beckett : You can do your TV show from prison.
UNK: Wait!
Clyde : Okay, I was there. I admit it.
Clyde : I was at the Pennybaker Club when Stan was killed,
Clyde : but I didn't kill him.
Clyde : Like I said before,
Clyde : Stan came to me and asked for my research on the Blue Butterfly.
Beckett : And you said no?
Clyde : Of course I said no.
UNK: I searched for that necklace for 15 years.
Clyde : And now I'm just supposed to help him?
Clyde : The glory was to be mine.
UNK: But you knew he was onto something, didn't you?
Clyde : Oh, yes. I could tell he was close. So very close.
Clyde : Stan knew thin gs about the club,
Clyde : about the necklace that I had never heard before.
Beckett : So you staked out the club, and when Stan showed, you shot him.
Clyde : I didn't shoot him, Detective!
Clyde : Yes, I had a pistol with me. And a bull whip.
Clyde : They're my trademarks, everyone knows that.
Clyde : But I brought a mask and gloves as well
Clyde : because I was simply going to threaten him and take the prize.
UNK: So what happened?
Clyde : I was lying in wait.
Clyde : Stan went downstairs, and when he returned,
Clyde : he was holding the Blue Butterfly.
Clyde : Oh, you should have seen how it sparkled.
UNK: Magnificent.
Clyde : I was about to pounce when suddenly there was a rag put over my mouth.
Clyde : It had a sweet smell like it was doused with chloroform.
Castle : Chloroform? Really?
Castle : It had to be. Everything went dark.
Clyde : And when I came to, Stan was dead.
Clyde : I searched his body,
Clyde : but whoever knocked me out took the Blue Butterfly with them.
CASTLE : God, I hope it's him!
Beckett : Yeah, but without a confession our case is purely circumstantial.
Beckett : Gonna see if I can get a warrant for Belasco's place.
Castle : Which place? The condo, the chateau or the chalet?
UNK: Hi, yeah, this is Detective Kate Beckett, 12th Precinct.
Beckett : I'm calling for the riding ADA.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Yeah, okay, I'll hold.
CASTLE : Well, it's kind of disappointing.
Castle : I was really hoping that solving Stan's murder
Castle : would give us some answers to what really happened to Joe and Vera.
Beckett : Yeah, but we already know what really happened.
Beckett : Dempsey killed them both.
Castle : Well, that's the obvious version. But what about Sally?
UNK: What's her part in all of this? And why would she hire Joe?
Beckett : I guess we'll never know.
Castle : No, something else was going on. Something we're missing.
Castle : "Wearing T-strap shoes and a country suit,
UNK: "I could tell that redhead was a hick off the cob."
Beckett : Wait, what did you just say?
Castle : Well, that's just how Joe described her in his diary.
Beckett : No, the part about the shoes?
UNK: T-strap? It's the one that's strap comes over the...
Beckett : Yeah, can I just call you back?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Take a look at this photo.
Beckett : There's a shoe next to the car.
Beckett : And look at what kind of shoe it is.
Castle : That's a T-strap. You don't think?
Beckett : If Vera was at the club that night,