JOE : And that's when I saw her.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Looking at that photograph, all I could think was,
UNK: "What a beautiful doll."
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Sally said Vera had dreams of being a showgirl.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Maybe she made it. Stranger things have happened in this town.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : My last stop was the Pennybaker Club.
UNK: I was hoping my favorite performer, Satchmo, was blowing...
UNK: Excuse me, pal.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : ...but no such luck.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Couldn't complain though because Betsy Sinclair was up there,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : and that songbird's got golden pipes.
UNK: Whiskey.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : I'll be damned if all that walking
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : didn't get the shrapnel in my hip buzzing.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : But I knew where to get my medicine.
Joe : Say, maybe you can help me. I'm looking for a dame.
Bartender : Aren't we all?
Joe : This one's special. You know her?
Joe : Know her? I'm looking at her.
UNK: And where have you been all my life?
JOE : What was I thinking? This dame was trouble on two legs.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : I kept telling myself to look away.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : She was with Tom Dempsey, for crying out loud.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : The most ruthless mob boss New York has ever given birth to.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : Dempsey sent over two of his gorillas, an Irishman and a Cuban,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : on loan from some Havana mob family.
UNK: Our boss wants to see you, boyo.
UNK: Joe/castle : Sorry, boys. My dance card's full.
UNK: Cuchillo/esposito : This isn't a request, compadre.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: Tom Dempsey : You know who I am?
UNK: Joe/castle : The waiter? I'll take a whiskey. The boys here can share a sloe gin fizz.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : You better watch yourself there, boyo.
UNK: Hold your tongue, or I'll cut it out.
Dempsey : A wise guy.
UNK: GROANS
UNK: I hate wise guys about as much as I hate crumbs eyeballing my girl.
Dempsey : It's rude. Uncivil.
UNK: But that's all right, friend.
UNK: The boys are gonna teach you some lessons.
UNK: Moxie/ryan : Okay, boyo. First lesson.
UNK: Get over there.
UNK: GROANS
JOE : There I was, covered in the discards of the blue-plate special,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : asking myself, "Was it worth it?"
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : It was. She was worth every punch.
UNK: Vera/beckett : Are you hurt?
UNK: Joe/castle : What, this? It's nothing.