Ray : Stan told me he needed 10 Gs for expenses
Ray : to buy this old private detective's diary.
Ray : So I agreed to back him for half the profits.
Ryan : If all that's true, then why did you threaten Stan's wife?
Ray : 'Cause Stan was ducking me. I thought I got played.
Ray : But then he came up to me two days ago, and he told me what was up.
Ray : He said he found the man
Ray : with the missing piece of the puzzle to the Blue Butterfly.
Ryan : And who's this man?
Manager : I don't know.
Ray : But if Stan found the Blue Butterfly,
Ray : that's probably who killed him.
Castle : So I traced the diary. Stan did his research.
Castle : He purchased it from the granddaughter
Castle : of Joe's old secretary,
Castle : a woman by the name of Ruth Huntsacker.
UNK: So?
Castle : So I spoke to Ms. Huntsacker.
UNK: She said she might still hav some of the PI's old papers.
Castle : And they might be able to tell us what happened.
UNK: She's gonna have her son look for them and then call me back.
Beckett : Look, Castle, I admit that Joe and Vera's story is fun and romantic,
Beckett : but whatever happened back in 1947
Beckett : has nothing to do with who murdered Stan.
UNK: Uh, I'm not so sure about that.
Ryan : Our bookie alibied out.
Ryan : But ballistics came in, and we've got a match.
Ryan : The .38 caliber revolv er that killed Stan
Ryan : was used in an unsolved double homicide in 1947.
Castle : I knew there was a connection.
Beckett : Who were the victims?
Ryan : Some lady named Vera Mulqueen
Ryan : and a private detective named Joe Flynn.
UNK: Murdered. That's too bad.
UNK: I always thought those two crazy kids were gonna make it.
Beckett : Yeah, not exactly the ending I was hoping for.
Castle : I didn't even know ballistics went back that far.
UNK: Joe/castle : Oh, yeah. Since the '20s.
Ryan : Being that it's an old case, there's not much in the system.
UNK: "Remains of Joe Flynn and Vera Mulqueen
UNK: "were found in Flynn's car that was
UNK: "parked in the alley of the Pennybaker Club.
UNK: "Both victims were shot with a .38 revolver,
UNK: "and the car was set on fire."
Ryan : Only suspect was Tom Dempsey,
Ryan : but there was never enough evidence to arrest.
Joe : You know, I bet you Dempsey caught the two of them
Beckett : trying to run away together and he killed them.
Beckett : But how does Stan's killer get Dempsey's gun 60 years later?
UNK: Unless Dempsey killed Stan.
Ryan : He'd be what, like 90 years old, but it's still possible.
CASTLE : It couldn't have been Dempsey.
UNK: He died of a heart attack four months after Joe and Vera were killed.
Castle : Still, we should dig up that 1947 police report.
Castle : There could be something in there about the gun
UNK: that could shed some light on Stan's murder.
Ryan : All right. I'll go to the warehouse and I'll pull up the old case files.
Castle : I want to go.
Ryan : Uh, okay.
Castle : Can I drive? I don't care.
ESPOSITO : Hey.
UNK: So I did a search of guns that Dempsey used to own.
Epsosito : Turns out there was an estate sale
Epsosito : where a treasure hunter named Clyde Belasco
Epsosito : bought all of Dempsey's firearms,
Epsosito : including two .38s.
Beckett : Wait, Clyde Belasco?
Beckett : Stan's wife said that the two of them watched a documentary about him
Beckett : and that inspired Stan to become a treasure hunter.
Esposito : Well, the connections don't stop there.
UNK: Belasco flew in from France a week ago.
Esposito : And I just found an article
UNK: that said that he searched for the Blue Butterfly for 15 years.
Beckett : That bookie said that Stan found someone
UNK: who had the missing piece of the puzzle.
Esposito : Maybe Belasco is that someone.
Castle : Here it is. This has been dusted off recently.
Ryan : Looks like we're not the only ones interested in this case.
Castle : Stan was here. He had to be.
Castle : Think about it. The diary, the murders?
Castle : All we're doing is walking in his footsteps.
Castle : This is the next piece of the puzzle.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Crime-scene photo of Vera and the PI.
Castle : Damn it, Joe, you old sap. Dizzy with a dame and got yourself cooked.
Ryan : So, Mr. Bogart, what exactly are we looking for here?
Castle : Our 1947 murders and our present day murder
Castle : have to be connected by more than just a gun.
Castle : Somewhere in here is that connection.
UNK: Clyde Belascoe : Yes, I bought several of Tom Dempsey's revolvers.
UNK: Clyde Belascoe : And by all means, test-fire every last one of them as you wish.
Esposito : We will. Now, how did you know Stan?
Clyde : You have to understand that I'm on television.
Clyde : Articles are written about me.
UNK: And because of this, the amateurs come a-knocking.
UNK: It's an occupational hazard.
Beckett : And what was the purpo se of Stan's visit?
Clyde : Why, the Blue Butterfly, of course.
Clyde : He must have read of my exploits searching for it,
Clyde : and decided to burden me with his preposterous story.
Esposito : And what story was that?
Clyde : That he had found an old private investigator's diary
Clyde : which held missing clues.
Esposito : You didn't believe him?
Clyde : Of course not.
Clyde : When I asked to see the alleged diary, he refused.
Clyde : And yet he wanted access to all my research on the Pennybaker Club.
Clyde : I mean, really, the whole thing was absurd.
Clyde : He even asked to exit out the back door. Said a car was following him.
UNK: It was a white Mustang.
Clyde : I guess someone else was interested in the Blue Butterfly, too.
RYAN : Feels like we're looking for a needle in a haystack,
Ryan : except for we can't find the haystack.
Castle : Who needs a haystack when the needle is right here?
Castle : This is a statement from Joe's secretary, Mrs. Kennard.
UNK: It was taken right after his death.