CASTLE : Talk about a slice of history.
Castle : The Pennybaker Club!
Castle : You know, back in the '40s all the greats played here.
Castle : If these walls could talk, man, the stories they would tell.
Beckett : Yeah, but the only story we need to hear is about...
UNK: Lanie Parish : Stan Banks. Single GSW to the sternum.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I'm calling the time of death between 6 : 00 and 8 : 00 this morning.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Looks like he tried to defend himself with this. Obviously, it didn't work.
UNK: So a robbery gone wrong?
UNK: Well, he still had his wallet, cell and a room key from the Parksville Arms.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Pockets were pulled out, indicating the killer searched the body.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : For what? We have no idea.
Beckett : That's weird. He's got an SRO key,
UNK: but his driver's licen se has him livingon 34th Street.
Ryan : We'll hit the SRO. See if there's anything we can find out about him.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : You're looking for a drink, Castle?
Beckett : 'Cause I'm pretty sure the bar is closed.
Castle : Actually, I was looking for a clue. I think I've found one.
Castle : Some homeless guy's squat. And today's ledger.
Castle : He was here this morning.
Beckett : Well, whoever he is, maybe he saw something.
Beckett : I'll get patrol units to canvass the area.
Manager : Stan's dead?
Manager : Well, that's just great. What am I supposed to do with all his crap?
UNK: We'll be taking some of it off your hands as part of our investigation.
UNK: Do you know of anyone who's been threatening Stan lately?
Manager : I'm the manager here, not the den mother.
Ryan : Okay, then. When was the last time you saw him?
UNK: Lanie Parish : This morning. Stan was all smiles.
UNK: Gave notice he was moving out 'cause his ship was coming in.
Ryan : What ship?
Manager : Oh, I don't know, the Titanic, from the looks of things.
Esposito : If you can remember anything else, can you please give me a call?
Manager : Don't hold your breath, hotshot.
Ryan : I think she likes you.
UNK: Ex-wife : I have no idea why Stan was at the Pennybaker Club.
UNK: Ex-wife : But we've been separated for almost a year, so God knows where he's been.
Beckett : And when was the last time you spoke with him?
UNK: Ex-wife : Two months ago.
UNK: Ex-wife : Which is crazy
UNK: 'cause there was a time we couldn't go two hours without talking.
UNK: Ex-wife : But then Stan had to go and find that doubloon.
UNK: Doubloon? As in old Spanish coin?
UNK: Ex-wife : He dug one up on a beach in North Carolina.
UNK: Ex-wife : And after that, he got the bug.
UNK: Ex-wife : And it only got worse after he saw this stupid documentary
UNK: about Clyde Belasco, the treasure hunter.
UNK: Yeah, that's the fellow who found that sunken Confederate ship 10 years ago.
UNK: Ex-wife : Stan was so inspired,
UNK: Ex-wife : he quit his accounting job to search for lost antiquities.
UNK: Ex-wife : And even the last time we spoke,
UNK: Ex-wife : all he could talk about was how he was close to finding a blue butterfly.
UNK: Ex-wife : A blue... Like an insect?
UNK: Ex-wife : Who knows?
Beckett : Was he having problems with anyone that you know of?
UNK: Ex-wife : He had money problems, I know that.
UNK: Ex-wife : I got a call two days ago from some guy looking for Stan.
UNK: Ex-wife : Said that Stan owed him $10,000, and that he'd better pay,
UNK: Ex-wife : or else...
UNK: There's nothing in Stan's personal effects
Castle : about butterflies. Blue, or otherwise.
Ryan : Just a bunch of books about mobsters and Manhattan in the '40s.
Beckett : That's all right.
Beckett : Because I got a hit on that threatening money call to Stan's wife
Beckett : and it turns out it ca me from a dry cleaners.
Ryan : Maybe clothes aren't the only thing they're laundering.
Ryan : I'll check it out. Thanks.
UNK: CASTLE CHUCKLES
Castle : This diary in Stan's stuff. It's also from the '40s.
Castle : It sounds like it belonged to a private eye. Listen to this.
UNK: "Usually wives turn on the waterworks
UNK: "when shown pictures of their husbands stepping out.
UNK: "But not this dame. She wanted payback.
UNK: "So what's worse, that I pitched woo with a client,
UNK: "or that I invoiced her for services rendered after?"
UNK: Cute.
Castle : Cute? I mean, this guy sounds like a hardboiled PI,
Castle : right out of a Raymond Chandler novel.
Castle : I wonder why Stan had this.
Esposito : Hey, yo, Beckett. Still got no word on that homeless guy.
Esposito : But a bodega owner saw a white Mustang parked in a loading zone
Esposito : right outside the club for the past three days.
UNK: Okay. See if anyone saw those license plates.
Esposito : Right on.
UNK: Um, Beckett? Can I take this home for the night?
Castle : I mean, it might be the key to what Stan was looking for.
Beckett : You just want to read it because you think it's cool.
Castle : Yeah, well, that, too.
Beckett : Okay, just so long as you
Beckett : bring it back in the morning.
JOE : June 18, 1947.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : The day began like every other,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : pulling awake in my office chair,
UNK: with a Cream of Kentucky bottle,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : a dry throat and a head that was ringing like church bells.
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : So I figured I'd kill two birds with one stone,
UNK: Joe/castle voiceover : with a little hair of the dog that bit me.