Oliver : It's reality that sucks!
House : You're saying I'm lying? To my subconscious?
Amber : People do it all the time. And like it or not, you are a person.
House : He said every one of those...
Amber : But not then. And not like that.
Amber : This guy was going nuts from the naloxone.
Amber : He couldn't be rational if you wanted him to be.
Amber : Which you did. Why?
House : I compressed the story a little to...
Amber : Context matters.
Amber : You never talk to patients for non-diagnostic reasons.
Amber : But this guy...
House : Feeling better?
UNK: I'm not going to stop doing drugs.
House : You were a stockbroker, son of a stockbroker,
House : married, children...
UNK: And I was miserable.
House : You say you were miserable
House : because you need to rationalize screwing it up.
Oliver : Except I didn't.
UNK: I mean, I did,
Oliver : but I'm not miserable.
Oliver : Not anymore.
Oliver : I had a ski injury
Oliver : and painkillers weren't enough
Oliver : and a friend of mine gave me some heroin.
Oliver : The second it entered my veins, it was like
Oliver : God had taken over my body.
Oliver : It was like there was no more pain
Oliver : or unhappiness in my life or anybody else's.
House : But then you lost everything.
Oliver : Everything wasn't enough.
Oliver : Because it's reality that sucks.
Amber : Are you arguing that he's a good role model?
House : He's happy.
Kutner : He's dead.
Amber : You heard what you wanted to hear.
Kutner : The more interesting question,
Amber : always, is why you wanted to hear it.
Foreman : You're stealing this guy's oxygen?
House : There's oxygen everywhere.
Foreman : You passed on all your cases,
Foreman : reassigned them to other doctors.
House : They weren't interesting.
Foreman : They were my reason for getting your sentence delayed.
UNK: Yeah, I guess you'll have to tell
Foreman : the parole board something else.
House : Maybe that I was in the OR the entire day the ceiling collapsed,
House : so I couldn't have caused the plumbing problem.
Foreman : You set me up. Not really.
UNK: You were going lo basically perjure yourself
House : so that I could delay jail time.
House : Doesn't it make more sense to actually perjure yourself
UNK: so I can actually avoid jail time?
Foreman : Why are you doing this?
Foreman : Why are you risking destroying yourself?
UNK: There is no risk. I know you.
House : You'll do the honest thing.
House : You'll lie.
UNK: No.
House : He's happy.
Kutner : He's dead.
Amber : You weren't worried.
House : Of course I was worried. My plan fell through.
Amber : The plan didn't matter. Your plan to replace that plan didn't matter.
Amber : Wilson didn't matter, jail didn't matter,
Amber : the only thing that mattered,
Amber : the only thing that ever mattered was the puzzle.
House : I noticed a slight twitch in his thenar eminence.
House : You're dying.
Oliver : Because my thumb is a little shaky?
House : Plus the thinning of the muscle.
House : Plus that speech you gave at Yankee Stadium
House : saying you were the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
House : Add them up, it means ALS.
Oliver : Lou Gehrig's disease?
Oliver : You're trapped in your body. You can't move or speak
Oliver : while you just die?
House : If it makes you feel any better,
House : at this rate, it'll be fast.
House : You're not symmetrical.
UNK: Wait.
Amber : Now you're standing at the door.
Amber : What happened in the meantime?
House : And lo, there was a miraculous wonder. I walked across the room...
Amber : No, you just skipped over a chunk of conversation.
House : He swore that he'd live a better, more selfless life
UNK: in his remaining lime, blah, blah, blah.
House : After two blahs, I'd heard enough and I moved to the door.
Amber : No. You're avoiding it.
House : Do you smell smoke?
Amber : Fair enough.
House : You're not symmetrical.
House : The veins on your right side are distended.
Oliver : What does that mean?
House : There's a bulge in your supraclavicular notch.
House : There's something in there.
UNK: What?
UNK: I'm not that good a doctor.
UNK: Good news.
UNK: Your case is fascinating.
UNK: And good news for you,
UNK: you're gonna live.