Oliver : And it grew?
Amber : You're smiling.
House : I was, and now I'm not.
House : Because a moment's fun a few days ago
House : does not trump a friend dying.
Amber : Yeah, it does, you idiot.
UNK: Because after he's dead you cry for a while
Amber : and then you go back to doing what you love.
UNK: Every patient I've had,
UNK: in 70 years from now, they'll all be as dead as Wilson.
House : Everybody dies. It's meaningless.
Amber : When you solve a puzzle,
Amber : the world makes sense and everything feels right.
Amber : And you'll always have another one,
Amber : because people will always get sick.
Amber : It's shallow and it's insignificant,
Amber : but if you don't give a damn if idiots live,
UNK: why would you possibly give a damn about shallowness?
UNK: It makes you happy.
UNK: And why would you need more than that?
UNK: Go home.
UNK: Foreman.
Wilson : House would never leave food out here rotting for days.
Foreman : His suitcases are in his closet.
Wilson : If we had handled this differently...
Foreman : We did the right thing.
UNK: Hello?
Foreman : I'll let his accountant know.
Foreman : House no-showed on a hooker two nights ago.
Wilson : Outgoing calls.
UNK: Hooker.
Wilson : Me. I didn't pick up.
UNK: The Chinese place...
Foreman : Wait, wait, wait. Who's that?
Foreman : He called four times.
Wilson : I don't know.
UNK: Male Patient : It's a total disaster. Do you have any idea how hard it is
UNK: Male Patient : to schedule a cable appointment with the hours that I work?
Foreman : House has been missing for two days, we know he talked to you.
Wilson : Anything you can tell us about his mental state,
Wilson : or where he was headed, anything at all...
Nolan : Would be a breach of confidentiality and a violation of the law.
Foreman : Not if he's a danger to himself or someone else.
UNK: Male Patient : Is this coming out of our 50 minutes?
UNK: Is this your douchebag group?
Wilson : Excuse me.
Nolan : What makes you think he's a danger to himself?
Foreman : He hasn't been home, but he didn't take anything with him,
Foreman : not even his cell.
Wilson : You're not saying anything,
Wilson : which means he didn't specifically mention suicide.
Wilson : But you came out here to talk to us,
UNK: so he must've said something that worries you.
Nolan : There are other ways of reaching oblivion.
UNK: Vicodin? He always has his Vicodin,
Foreman : there's no reason to calla shrink...
Foreman : His last patient was a heroin addict.
Nolan : So I guess we're all done here.
Wilson : The guy's address has gotta be in the file.
Stacy : What about God?
Stacy : You were leaving, and then you stopped.
UNK: Why?
House : Your theory is I'm not leaving because I believe in God?
UNK: What? He's calling me home?
Stacy : Maybe falling through that floor was a sign.
Stacy : Maybe that the universe hates you. Something.
Stacy : You really don't believe?
Stacy : Really, not in some deep crack of some remote recess
Stacy : of some dark corner of your mind?
UNK: No.
House : Except that some deep crack of some remote recess
Stacy : of some dark corner is here telling me...
Stacy : That's enough.
Stacy : In a burning building, facing imminent death, that's more than enough.
House : Pascal's wager is facile.
Stacy : Saying it's facile is facile.
Stacy : Why is it wrong?
Stacy : Don't be logical. Be desperate.
UNK: You've gotta have something to hold on to.
UNK: But you can't live your life based on something you don't believe.
UNK: But you could end your life based on something you don't believe?
Stacy : What about love?
Stacy : I lived with you for years. I know you believe in love.
House : Foreman wouldn't help me.
House : Which means I need you to take the fall.
Wilson : You do remember I'm dying, right?
UNK: Which is why you'll never spend a day in jail.
UNK: Fresh-faced, cancer-ridden.
House : It's tough to do both, but you pull it off.
Wilson : Your fingerprints are all over those hockey tickets.
House : I never admitted to flushing anything.
UNK: My prints make sense if I gave those tickets to you,
UNK: as an incentive to stay alive.
Wilson : And I was so angry that you didn't respect my dying wishes,
UNK: Hook thousands of dollars of season tickets
UNK: and ﬂushed them down toilets?
House : All you have to do is create reasonable doubt.
Wilson : Great. What if I do more than that?
Wilson : What if I end up in jail?
Wilson : Or spending my final months in endless hearings?
UNK: That's a risk you're willing to take.
Wilson : I have a reputation, I have a legacy that could...
UNK: Wilson.
House : I don't want to lose this time with you.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Thanks.
House : I knew I could count on you.
Foreman : Wait! Wait!
House : You want the fries back?
Wilson : I'm not gonna take the fall.
House : Don't do this to me, Wilson.
UNK: It's our only option. Exactly.
Wilson : Because you overplayed your hand with Foreman.
Wilson : Because you knew you had me as a backstop.