UNK: sucks all the oxygen out of the room.
Ryan : Gotta be some way out of here.
UNK: Or some other way of letting them know that we're down here.
Esposito : Yeah? Like what?
Ryan : I don't know. Something.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Well, unless you have an oxygen tank,
Esposito : a pair of wings, and a Nomex suit,
UNK: we're gonna cook.
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: Yeah. BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: COUGHS
Ryan : Maybe not.
Gates : What do you mean, they're pulling back?
Beckett : According to the IC, the building is structurally compromised
Beckett : and they can't get their men in.
UNK: At this point, they don't feel that
Beckett : it's a rescue operation anymore.
Beckett : It's a recovery.
Gates : Okay, Detective. Let me know if you hear anything more.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : - Anything? - No.
Castle : According to McCann's file, the building was condemned.
Castle : But there's nothing here to indicate why it was the next target.
UNK: Beckett! She was at the police barricades.
Beckett : Jenny, you shouldn't be here.
Jenny : The hell I shouldn't. My husband's in there. GASPS
Jenny : What's going on?
Lanie : She's having contractions.
Castle : You're in labor?
LANIE : How far apart?
Jenny : Five minutes maybe.
Castle : Whoa, no. She can't. We gotta get you to a hospital.
Beckett : Medic! Over here. This woman's in labor.
UNK: No. I'm not leaving. Not without Kevin.
Beckett : Jenny, there's nothing you can do here.
Jenny : He's inside, Kate.
UNK: And if he doesn't make it out, if this is it, I need to be here.
Lanie : Let me at least get you inside of an ambulance.
Lanie : You need to lie down so we can make sure that everything is okay.
Jenny : Okay. But I'm not leaving without him.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I can't believe this is happening.
Beckett : This is like some kind of a dream.
UNK: EXHALES I just keep waiting to wake up and it's like I can't do anything.
Beckett : It's like there's nothing we can do.
UNK: All we can do is to be here for them.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: STATIC
UNK: Hello?
UNK: COUGHS Beckett, Beckett, can you hear me?
UNK: STATIC Beckett? Beckett, can you hear me. Beckett?
UNK: Ryan?
Beckett : Ryan, is that you?
Ryan : Yeah! It's me, Beckett.
Ryan : Listen, that building that we went into,
UNK: it wasn't just the next arson target. It was his lair.
Ryan : He rigged it to blow and now we're trapped inside.
Ryan : The whole place is in flames.
UNK: Yes! I know, Ryan. We're right outside.
UNK: We've got the whole Fire Department here.
UNK: VOICE BREAKS We thought you guys were dead.
UNK: BUILDING CREAKS
Esposito : Well, we will be soon if we don't get some help.
Miller : Exactly where in the building are you?
UNK: Some kind of a sub-basement mechanical room
Esposito : about 20 feet down from the main floor.
Esposito : There's no windows, no doors.
Miller : - This doesn't make any sense. - Why?
Miller : According to these plans, this building has a slab foundation.
Miller : There is no basement area.
Esposito : Well, I don't know what to tell you, pal.
UNK: We're in some kind of basement.
UNK: So there's something's wrong with your frigging plans.
Gates : They're alive?
Castle : Yeah, but they're in an unmapped
Castle : portion of the building, a sub-basement.
Castle : The fire crews can't get to them.
Castle : We need to find them another way out of that room.
Gates : What makes you think there's another way out?
Castle : The arsonist set the explosives to go off
Castle : to eradicate all evidence if he was ever found.
Castle : But what if someone discovered him
Castle : while he was still in the building?
Gates : He'd need a way out.
UNK: I think there's a reason that
Castle : sub-basement isn't on the building plans.
Castle : I think the arsonist doctored those plans.
UNK: What makes you think that?
Castle : Ryan said when they found the workspace,
Castle : it was right next to an open airshaft.
Castle : That airshaft ran all the way down to the sub-basement.
Gates : You think it's an escape route?
Castle : If the cops were to raid this place,
Castle : and they're covering the front and the back of the building,
UNK: where's he gonna go?
Gates : To the one room that isn't on their plans.