Beckett : So I checked the security cameras near the fire.
Beckett : They were disabled.
Castle : Disabled how?
Beckett : Someone used a can of spray paint, mounted it on a pole
Beckett : and blacked out the lenses of both
Beckett : cameras just minutes before the fire.
UNK: That must've been the arsonist. Maybe somebody saw them do it.
Castle : Can we canvass the area?
UNK: And by "we," I mean, obviously somebody else.
Beckett : What are you looking for?
Beckett : Don't tell me. It's something completely
Beckett : inappropriate for the workplace.
Castle : No. Not this time.
UNK: Uh, given that everyone uploads everything to the Internet nowadays,
Castle : I thought I might see if anyone else out there
Castle : took a video of that fire. And look.
Castle : If the arsonist was watching that fire, he might be in this video.
Beckett : Can you turn up the sound?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Beckett : That doesn't look right.
Castle : Seriously? A lot better quality than a security camera.
Beckett : No, babe, I'm talking about the building. That fire just started.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: "Huh" what?
Beckett : Fire department's not even there.
Beckett : I mean, they're not on their way. You can't hear the sirens.
Castle : So how did the cameraman know there was a fire when nobody else did?
Beckett : And listen to that.
Beckett : He's not yelling for anyone to call 911. He's not saying anything.
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: And look at the camera work. Very smooth, steady. You don't think...
Beckett : Yeah, I do. This isn't just footage of the fire.
Beckett : It was shot by the arsonist.
Beckett : We have to track down whoever posted that video.
Castle : Got you.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : That won't be so easy.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : Usually, there's a file embedded
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : in the video with data on the camera.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : But it's been stripped out.
UNK: Can you tell where it was first uploaded?
TORY : Let me see.
Tori : Looks like the video got bounced
Tori : around the Net from site to site.
Tori : But this is where it started.
UNK: "Pyrolicious. Com." Really?
Tori : Wow. Okay. A site that caters to fire fetishists.
Beckett : I didn't even know there was a fire fetish.
UNK: The actual term is "pyrophilia."
UNK: Further proof that the Internet has something for everyone.
UNK: WHISPERS I'm not gonna ask how you knew that.
UNK: IN NORMAL VOICE So, when did this video show up there?
Tori : About an hour after the fire was put out.
Beckett : And who runs the site?
Tori : It's registered to a Milo Pavlik.
Castle : Does he have a record?
UNK: Oh, yeah. He burned down his family house when he was 19.
Beckett : Where do we find this Milo Pavlik?
Beckett : Milo Pavlik, NYPD. Open up.
UNK: What? I... Hey, what are you doing?
Beckett : Where did this video come from?
Milo : Listen, nothing I do here is illegal.
Milo : I simply provide fire enthusiasts around the globe...
Beckett : This fire was set by an arsonist.
Castle : Not to mention a murderer.
Beckett : So who shot this video? Was it you?
Milo : - No! What? It wasn't me. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : - Then how'd it get up on your site? - Sorry, it's a text.
Beckett : I don't care. How did it get up on your site?
Milo : I have a drop-box outside. People
Milo : leave stuff. It was on a USB drive.
Milo : It was quality material, so I uploaded it.
Castle : Who dropped it off?
Milo : I don't know. I have no idea.
Beckett : That's very convenient. Now, did this
Beckett : person ever provide any other material?
UNK: Oh, yeah, he has a real eye, this one.
Milo : - Sent me a few choice items. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
UNK: Well, if it was someone else, and they're submitting videos,
Castle : then he visits the site.
UNK: I'm gonna need the names of all of your members
Beckett : along with records of site traffic over the past five years.
Milo : Pretty sure you need a warrant for that.
Beckett : Not if you agree to cooperate,
Beckett : - which I highly encourage you to do. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : Hey, who the hell keeps texting?
UNK: It's a news alert. There's a three-alarm fire going in Brooklyn.
Castle : Where in Brooklyn?
UNK: Uh, some factory on Arcadia Lane.
Ryan : Oh, no.
UNK: SIRENS WAILING
UNK: TIRES SCREECH