Ryan : Okay. All right. So what else do they have in common?
UNK: Not much. All the buildings were older,
Castle : but some were residential, some were office buildings.
Castle : There were two in Manhattan, and the rest in
Castle : Brooklyn and in Queens.
Beckett : Were they insured?
Castle : A couple of them, but not all of them.
Castle : So it probably was not arson for hire.
Beckett : Which means he's doing this for himself.
Beckett : He's burning these buildings to satisfy an inner need.
Beckett : And, like a serial killer, there's a reason
Beckett : why he chooses the buildings he does.
UNK: There's a pattern or something.
UNK: Ooh!
Jenny : - What? - Entry from three days ago.
Castle : McCann wrote down a name, "Adam Ferguson."
UNK: - ESPOSITO : Clear. - RYAN : Clear.
Esposito : I'd say someone besides us
Esposito : is interested in Blake McCann.
Ryan : Yeah, looks like this place was tossed after he was killed.
Esposito : You thinking what I'm thinking?
Ryan : That the arsonist shot him and then
UNK: got worried McCann left a paper trail.
Esposito : He came here searching for any files
Esposito : or evidence that would point to him.
Ryan : Maybe our perp tossed the place
Ryan : because he couldn't find them.
Esposito : But McCann had no reason to hide those files.
Esposito : They'd be out on a table,
Esposito : a desk or a nightstand.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: McCann's car. Wasn't in the driveway.
Ryan : Or in the garage.
Esposito : He probably drove it to that building before he was killed.
UNK: It could still be down there.
Ryan : Yeah. With those files in it.
BECKETT : Here it is. Adam Ferguson.
UNK: And Blake McCann helped put him away
Beckett : on multiple arson counts.
Beckett : He got out of prison five years ago.
Castle : Which, by wild coincidence,
UNK: is right about the same time
Castle : those buildings started getting torched.
Beckett : Not only that, but check this out.
Beckett : Look at who Blake called on his cell the day before he was killed.
UNK: Yeah, Blake McCann called me.
Beckett : To talk about what?
Ferguson : Just a chat between friends.
Beckett : Where were you last night between
UNK: 9 : 00 and 1 : 00 a.m., Mr. Ferguson?
UNK: Why?
Beckett : Because he was murdered. By an arsonist he was hunting.
Ferguson : Well, that's a real shame.
Castle : An arsonist not unlike yourself.
Castle : Matter of fact, one of his final acts
Castle : was to write down your name.
Ferguson : Not because I killed him.
UNK: It must've been the Phantom. I don't know his real name.
Castle : How do you know about him at all?
Ferguson : Blake told me.
Ferguson : He called me, asked me to meet him in some deli in the Village.
UNK: He was all stalled up about catching this Phantom guy.
Ferguson : He asked for my help and I said I'd give it to him.
Castle : Even though he put you in prison?
Ferguson : Blake paid me for my time.
UNK: Plus, uh, he let me see some photos of the fires.
UNK: CHUCKLES So we both got something out of the deal.
Beckett : And what other wisdom did you offer him?
Ferguson : Any idiot can slosh gas around and light a match.
Ferguson : But this guy, he knew fire. Knew how it spread.
UNK: See, buildings are just like people.
Ferguson : There's a weak spot.
UNK: A soft underbelly.
Ferguson : He would find it, use it.
Ferguson : Unleash an inferno with barely any accelerant.
UNK: That is an artist.
Beckett : So how did any of this help McCann?
Ferguson : I gave him some tips.
Ferguson : I told him he was looking for someone who cases buildings carefully.
Ferguson : Visits them a few times before he strikes.
Beckett : What else?
Ferguson : An artist like the Phantom, he wants to admire his work.
Ferguson : It's not enough that he sets the fire.
Ferguson : He needs to feel the heat.
Ferguson : To listen to the music.
Ferguson : The roar of the flames, the moans
Ferguson : of the buildings as they give in.
Ferguson : That's what he lives for.
Ferguson : Which is why, with every fire he sets, he is there watching.
GATES : What do you make of his story?
UNK: The staff at the deli where he said he met with McCann
UNK: remember seeing them.
CASTLE : Look, there's no way to really know what they talked about.
UNK: McCann could've accused him of being the Phantom.
Gates : Maybe he is the Phantom.
Beckett : We don't have anything that links him
Beckett : to any of the arsons yet, so...
Gates : Dig into his alibi and associates,
UNK: see if you can find anything that's solid.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : One thing about his story that does ring true on a character level
Castle : is about how the arsonist watches his own fires.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I've got unis canvassing the fire scene
Beckett : and checking into all the security cameras in the area
UNK: for anyone that was hanging out.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Ryan : - Beckett. - Yo.
Esposito : Found McCann's car. It was parked two blocks from the fire
Esposito : and there was something inside.
Beckett : Arson files?
UNK: Nah, looks like a couple of files that he put together himself.
UNK: One's about the building that he was burned up in.
Beckett : What's the other one?
Esposito : Give me that.
Esposito : It's an old shoe factory in Brooklyn, on Arcadia Lane.