UNK: - Yo, Beckett. - Yeah.
UNK: So Art Turino's alibi checks out.
Esposito : He was at the Pink Palace gentlemen's club last night,
Esposito : stuffing G-strings from 8 : 00 p.m. To 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : But that doesn't mean he's in the clear.
UNK: Turino wouldn't do this himself.
Esposito : I'll see if anyone he's been hanging
Esposito : with has any connection to arson.
Beckett : Okay, I'll grab Castle. We'll see
Beckett : if Lanie's got anything new on our Vic.
Lanie : Still no ID and he's not in any missing persons report.
Beckett : We get a match on the bullet?
Lanie : It's not in the system.
Lanie : But the cause of death was definitely a GSW to the head.
Lanie : No smoke in the lungs, so he was
UNK: already dead before the fire got going.
UNK: Well, beats getting roasted alive.
Lanie : I'm right there with you.
Lanie : Also he was healthy, muscular, his teeth were in good shape.
Lanie : So he probably wasn't homeless.
Lanie : Plus, he had great medical care.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Lanie : He had a fractured leg that was splinted with metal plates and screws.
Lanie : Quality work, too.
Castle : - Can the plate be traced? - I'm already on it.
DELIA : Was it the left leg?
Burton : Anterior femur, midway down?
Lanie : That's right. How did you know?
Burton : I know who he is.
Burton : He's a fire investigator named Blake McCann.
Burton : He was my partner.
UNK: Okay. Got it, Lane.
Beckett : So, dental records confirm that
Beckett : our victim is Blake McCann.
Beckett : I'm very sorry.
Burton : He was a good man. Most decent person I ever knew.
UNK: Do you know of anyone in his life
UNK: that would've wanted to hurt him?
Burton : Just the person who left this.
Burton : I found it at the fire scene.
Beckett : What is it?
Burton : This pattern is made by accelerant.
Burton : From the staining pattern, probably benzoyl peroxide,
Burton : squeezed from a tube.
Burton : Blake found the same pattern in 10 other burned buildings.
Castle : So it's a signature?
Burton : Of a serial arsonist.
Burton : Blake has been hunting this guy for years.
Burton : It's how he spent every spare minute.
Burton : In fact, he had just taken
Burton : some vacation days to work the case.
Burton : When I found this symbol, I called him.
Burton : He didn't call me back. I, uh...
Burton : I just had an awful feeling.
Beckett : Did he know who the arsonist is? Did he have any suspects?
Burton : Not that he ever told me.
Burton : He just called him the Phantom
Burton : because he seemed to be able to slip in and out of buildings
Burton : without people ever noticing.
Castle : Until now, maybe.
Burton : Well, that's gotta be it, right?
Burton : I mean, Blake went in that building because he was after the guy.
Burton : And that's who killed him.
BECKETT : It's too soon to know. But it's a place to start.
UNK: Now, we're gonna need copies of his case files
Beckett : linked to the arsonist.
Burton : Well, he took a bunch of 'em home with him.
Beckett : I'll have detectives pick them up.
Burton : The rest are at the office. I'll get them over to you.
UNK: Great.
Beckett : So, I talked to Blake McCann's co-workers, his ex-wife.
Beckett : And if he's got any enemies, I am not finding them.
CASTLE : Leaving us with the Phantom.
Beckett : Can you please not call him that? It just... It sounds silly.
Castle : Sillier than the Arsonist? Which starts with "arse"?
Castle : At least with the Phantom, he's got some mystique.
Beckett : He doesn't deserve mystique. He's a murderer.
Castle : Yeah, but killing is not a part of his usual M.O.
Castle : Until now, all the buildings he torched were empty.