UNK: Here's the electric bill.
Joey : -This is how much we pay for electric? -Well, yeah.
UNK: So we'll do the rest of the bills later, then?
UNK: The One On The Last Night
Chandler : but I have to trick him into taking it so I don't hurt his pride.
UNK: Why don't you hire him as an actor?
Phoebe : You could have him dress up and put on skits whenever you want.
Chandler : Well, that would help the pride thing.
UNK: Wow, you look great! Do you wanna move in with me tomorrow?
UNK: Any plans for tonight?
UNK: Instead of being sad on my last night with Rachel...
UNK: we're going out to celebrate Rachel's moving in with Phoebe.
Phoebe : -And also my birthday. -It's not your birthday.
Phoebe : What a mean thing to say! I'd never tell you it wasn't your birthday.
Phoebe : You guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Chandler : Instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Ross : Knicks' season opener tonight. I thought you'd come and watch it.
UNK: I don't know, Ross.
UNK: Not if you talk about how you gave up basketball to become a paleontologist.
Ross : I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
UNK: -Phoebe.. -You're not dressed yet?
UNK: We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Rachel : And clearly, not a minute sooner.
Monica : You are packed, though, right? Please tell me you're packed?
UNK: Of course I'm packed. Monica, relax.
UNK: I wanted to ask Phoebe what I should wear.
UNK: My God, I can't get a minute of peace.
Joey : Oh, my God!
UNK: Monica's just gonna kill you.
Chandler : I know.
UNK: What you're wearing is fine for that.
UNK: You're not packed!
UNK: You're not packed even a little bit!
UNK: Surprise!
UNK: Don't get mad, because this is what happened.
Rachel : I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing?"
UNK: I am lousy at packing, right?
Rachel : But you love packing!
Rachel : So as a gift to you on our last night...
UNK: I'll be coordinator!
UNK: Oh, my God, I'm so sorry. I didn't get you anything.
Monica : Everybody has to help. Phoebe, can you help?
Phoebe : I have plans.
UNK: -You have plans with us. -That's right.
Monica : Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap and Joey can lift.
Monica : Tell the guys they have to help out.
Monica : My God, thank you!
UNK: Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone!
UNK: Now, it's too late for me, but save yourselves!
Monica : The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel hasn't packed.
Monica : Now, everybody has to help. Chandler..
Chandler : I have plans with Joey.
UNK: -You said you were doing nothing. -Yes, but for the last time.
Monica : Fine. Now, Ross..
UNK: -I can't do it. -Why not?
UNK: -Don't you have Ben? -Because I have Ben!
UNK: It's almost past his bedtime. Where is he?
UNK: He's at a dinner party.
UNK: He's really coming? I can see in your apartment.
Ross : Of course he is. What?
UNK: You think I'd use my son as an excuse?
Ross : What kind of father do you think I am?
Monica : All right. Sorry.
Ross : I gotta go make a fake Ben.