UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : A stabbing, Rick? Isn't that a little pedestrian for you?
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : Usually, when you call me, it's to ask what happens
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : if you put a head in a microwave.
Castle : Well, this one's a little less made-up.
UNK: The victim is the mother of that detective I've been following around.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: The case has been cold 10 years.
Castle : I just figured, since you're the best forensic pathologist in the city,
Castle : maybe you could catch something they missed.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : You know reality isn't fiction, right?
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : The odds of finding anyone's killer after 10 years...
Castle : Astronomical, I know. But I'd appreciate it if you took a look.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : Well, I'll do what I can. Just don't go making any promises I can't keep.
Castle : Course not. Thanks again.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : - Get back to you as soon as I can. - I appreciate it.
Martha : - What was Dr. Death doing here? - Just a little consulting.
Martha : Sounded to me like you were looking into
Martha : Detective Beckett's mother's murder.
Castle : Must you always eavesdrop?
Martha : I wasn't eavesdropping. I happened to walk by your office door.
Martha : - I live here, too, you know. - Yes, I'm aware.
Martha : So, does she know you're poking into her mother's case?
UNK: What's the sense of telling her until I find something new?
Martha : Well, you ever stop to think you're invading her privacy?
Castle : I'm not poking through her underwear drawer.
Castle : I'm investigating her mother's murder.
Martha : You are digging up her past, darling, without her permission.
Martha : Now, you either tell her or leave it alone.
Alexis : Oh, my gosh, Dad!
Alexis : - Dad, Dad, Dad! - What is it?
Alexis : - Dad, he asked me! Dad, he asked me! - Who asked you?
Alexis : Owen. But I told him I had to ask you, but you'll say yes, right?
Alexis : 'Cause I told him yes, but you have to say yes, so say yes.
Castle : - Yes? - Yes! Yes!
UNK: Yes!
Castle : What am I saying yes to?
Alexis : The Junior-Senior Prom.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You are not a junior, nor a senior.
UNK: True, but Owen's a junior.
UNK: Owen? I thought you said he was only 15.
Castle : Yeah, he skipped a grade. But he's so cute, Dad. Please, please, please.
Castle : If I say yes, will you promise to stay up past your bedtime, have a good time?
Castle : - Yes! - Not... Not too good a time.
Alexis : Dad, all we've done is hold hands.
Castle : Ew. Okay, please. Don't need details. Just...
Alexis : - So, I can go? - Of course you can go.
Alexis : Oh, I love you.
Alexis : - Oh. I'm gonna need a dress. - Of course.
Alexis : A beautiful dress. A dress, a dress, a dress! Thanks, Dad!
Martha : - So, do you like this Owen? - I don't know. I haven't met him.
Martha : You are letting her go out with someone that you've never met.
Martha : What kind of a father are you?
Beckett : I'm not running a background check on your daughter's date.
Castle : Oh, come on. She says he's quiet, he keeps to himself
Castle : and he lives with his parents.
Castle : Tell me that doesn't sound like a serial killer to you.
Esposito : Who's a serial killer?
Beckett : Castle's daughter, Alexis, got invited to prom.
Castle : It's her first real date.
Ryan : And you're worried he's a serial killer?
Ryan : You should be more worried he's a teenage boy.
UNK: Oh, he's only 15.
Ryan : Between satellite TV and the Internet, 15's the new 25.
Esposito : - Dude's right. I was 15 once. - You still are.