Esposito : Both were brought in by Dr. Leeds, neither of his regulars.
UNK: A nine-hour mystery operation he didn't want his own people to know about?
Beckett : The hospital must've had some record of the patient.
Ryan : Get this. The hospital can't find the file. It's like it never happened.
Castle : - Who did you talk to? - Patient Information.
Castle : Well, that was your first mistake.
Castle : You want to find someone at a hospital who had a treatment there,
Castle : there's only one department to go to
Castle : where nothing ever falls through the cracks.
UNK: Billing. Someone had to pay for it, right?
Beckett : Thank you. No. I appreciate it.
Beckett : Well, it looks like our mystery patient's hospital bills
Beckett : - were paid promptly and in full. - By whom?
Beckett : - Wire transfer. Esposito. - Yeah.
Beckett : See what you can find on this account number.
Beckett : - All right. - So, did Alexis find a dress yet?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah. Cute one, too.
Castle : Boy, I can't believe my little girl's going to prom.
Castle : My only comfort now is the longstanding tradition
Castle : - of torturing the boyfriend. - What do you mean?
UNK: You know, the time-honored hazing that goes on in those few moments
Castle : we share, where he and I are alone,
Castle : just before my daughter descends the stairs.
Ryan : I remember the terror of meeting my date's old man.
UNK: What'd he do?
Ryan : Checked my wallet for condoms, showed me his gun collection.
Ryan : My hands were shaking so bad, I could barely put on the corsage.
Castle : What'd your dad do?
Beckett : I... I don't know. I was in my room.
Castle : How was your date when you finally came out?
Beckett : You know, actually, now that you mention it, he looked terrified.
Beckett : And this whole time, I thought he was scared of me.
Castle : Nope. And now it's my turn.
Ryan : What are you planning?
Castle : Something befitting the name of Castle.
Esposito : - Yo, you're never gonna believe this. - What'd you find?
Esposito : That account the money was wired from?
Esposito : It belongs to the US Attorney's Office.
Esposito : Whatever the procedure was, Uncle Sam paid for it.
UNK: I guess we can rule out "boob job. "
Ryan : Why would the DOJ pay for a cosmetic procedure?
Beckett : There's only one reason. To change someone's identity.
Esposito : So, you think the guy was in Witness Protection?
Castle : If Dr. Leeds was tortured, I think our killer's trying to find this guy.
UNK: Then we'd better find him first.
Castle : How do you find someone who's in Witness Protection?
Beckett : We ask the people who are protecting him.
UNK: Ask Hard Candy? Good luck.
Ryan : "Hard Candy"?
Esposito : Assistant US Attorney Candace Robinson. She makes mobsters cry.
UNK: Candace Robinson : I'm sorry, Detective, but you must know
UNK: Candace Robinson : that information on a protected witness is confidential.
UNK: Candace Robinson : Whether or not you have proof that we employed Dr. Leeds,
UNK: Candace Robinson : or whether or not you have proof that an operation took place, is irrelevant.
Beckett : Not to my victim, it's not.
Beckett : They were planning a life together that they will never have.
UNK: Ms. Robinson : Look, I am not unsympathetic to your situation, but we all have our jobs to do.
Beckett : Ms. Robinson, doesn't it matter to you
Beckett : that the man that you employed was killed,
Beckett : and whoever murdered him might be looking for your witness?
UNK: Detective, you are asking me to expose
UNK: Ms. Robinson : a witness during an ongoing federal investigation,
UNK: Ms. Robinson : and I am telling you that is not going to happen.
Castle : So, what now?
Beckett : This witness of theirs is key.
Beckett : Without knowing who he is or who's after him,
Beckett : there's no way of getting to the next step.
UNK: There's another way we can figure out
Castle : - who that witness is. - Yeah? How?
Castle : Candace Robinson's office deals
Castle : almost exclusively with organized crime.
Castle : - So? - So, what if we ask the other side?
Beckett : You want to ask the mob who the witness is?
Castle : Clearly, they already know who he is, if they're trying to kill him.
UNK: Like you said, he's gotta be a significant witness in a pretty big case.
Beckett : So, what do we do? Hop in the car, drive down to the Bada Bing?
Castle : I know a guy. He owes me a favor.
Beckett : You "know a guy"? What is this, a Mamet play?
Castle : From the early days of Derrick Storm.
Castle : He's a capo with one of the families. He's actually pretty nice.
Beckett : For a criminal!
Castle : I'm just saying, maybe he knows something.
Castle : Maybe he can tell us something the feds won't.
Castle : I keep forgetting you read plays!