Castle : - You're not helping. - Oh, God, no. Hideous.
Alexis : - Thank you. - Here.
Martha : Try this. All right. Good color for you.
Beckett : - What are you doing? - What?
Castle : "You look hideous"? Are you trying to give her body-image issues?
UNK: Oh, newsflash. She already has body-image issues.
Martha : It's an intrinsic part of being a woman.
Martha : Every woman in the world has some part of herself
Martha : that she absolutely hates.
Martha : Her hands are too small, her feet are too big,
Martha : her hair's too straight, too curly. Her ears stick out, her...
Martha : Oh, God, her butt's too flat, her nose is too big.
Martha : And you know, nothing you can say will change how we feel.
Martha : What men don't understand is,
Martha : the right clothes, the right shoes, the right makeup just...
Martha : It hides the flaws we think we have.
Martha : They make us look beautiful to ourselves.
Martha : That's what makes us look beautiful to others.
Castle : Used to be,
Castle : all she needed to feel beautiful was a pink tutu and a plastic tiara.
Martha : We spend our whole lives trying to feel that way again.
Alexis : - What do you think? - I think it's you.
Ryan : Staff just went through all the files. No other red flags.
Ryan : Any dark secrets in here?
UNK: Yeah. Doctor Leeds had a weakness. Energy bars.
Esposito : The guy's a boy scout. Hell, he didn't even have any porn on his computer.
Ryan : - That's weird. - I know.
Esposito : Know what he had in his locked desk drawer?
Ryan : A fifth of Scotch?
UNK: Checkbook. The guy locked up his checkbook.
Ryan : What about these folders?
Esposito : Wedding stuff. Tux deposits. Catering invoices.
Ryan : Maybe some angry couple killed him for their wedding venue. Hmm?
Esposito : It's as good a theory as any.
Ryan : Hey. These aren't all wedding files.
UNK: That's odd. All the patient information's blacked out.
Ryan : Maybe Dr. Leeds has a secret after all.
Julia : It's his handwriting, but I've never seen this file before.
Esposito : Can you identify that patient?
Julia : Not from his notes. Just that it was a male, 55 years old.
Ryan : How about this kind of procedure?
Julia : This is impossible. I'm his primary nurse.
Julia : I run his surgical team. He never operates without me.
Esposito : Apparently, he did.
Julia : Mario, check on Dr. Leeds' calendar.
Julia : What do you have for March 18th?
Mario : He was supposed to be down at Mercy,
UNK: attending the panel on reconstructive surgery.
Julia : Why would he lie? Why would he operate without me?
Esposito : According to the hospital, the procedure lasted nine hours.
Esposito : Neither the assisting nor the anesthesiologist were with the hospital.