Castle : Oh, no. Oh, God.
Castle : Oh, don't worry. It's not attached to anything.
UNK: It's like we knew you were coming.
Beckett : Attempted murder of a federal witness. What's that going for these days?
UNK: Twenty-five to life.
Beckett : She's all yours.
Montgomery : Looks like you managed to set things right with the US Attorney's Office.
Beckett : She turned State's. When Moran recovers,
Beckett : the feds'll have two witnesses against the Spolanos.
Montgomery : But only Maggie back there can link them to murder.
UNK: No, but her real name is Carla Dante.
UNK: They call her "Carla Coldblood. "
Beckett : She's been killing for the family for five years now.
Beckett : When Jimmy dropped dime, the Spolanos sent their best.
UNK: Lady hitman. A real blow for women's rights. And the real Maggie Dowd?
Beckett : Works for a hospital in Seattle.
Beckett : She had no idea that they had stolen her identity.
Beckett : Carla even pulled a recommendation off of a job-hunting site
Beckett : in order to apply for the position with Leeds.
Beckett : Originally, she thought she was gonna get a photograph of Moran,
Beckett : and when she couldn't, she went after Leeds.
Montgomery : And then when Leeds didn't talk, she killed him.
Montgomery : But why stay around the office?
Beckett : If she left before Leeds' body was found, it would've looked suspicious.
Beckett : And she probably didn't think he'd be sitting around for a week.
Beckett : Then we showed up, and she waited to see how far we'd get.
Montgomery : That's good work, Detective. Very good work.
Beckett : Thank you, sir. You know, sir,
Beckett : I never thought that I would be saying this, but
Beckett : I don't think I could have done it without Castle.
UNK: Where's Castle, anyway?
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : The original ME concluded that the stab wounds were random.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : Now, maybe the killer got lucky. But you see this wound here?
Castle : - Yeah. - It's a low-angle thrust to the kidney.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : The wound size indicated that the knife was twisted.
UNK: Her body would've gone into immediate shock.
Ryan : What about these?
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : Well, their angles indicate that they were delivered
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : after she was immobilized and on the ground.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : They're just for show. This is the one that killed her.
Castle : This is sounding less like a random killing, more like a targeted murder.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : There's more. On a hunch, I checked the City ME files
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : to see if this was an isolated incident,
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : and found three other stabbings around that time
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : that the ME working the case dismissed as random.
Castle : Were they related?
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : Are you sure you want to know?
Martha : You have to tell her, you know.
Castle : Do you know what this would do to her?
Martha : You have information that could lead to her mother's killer.
Martha : You can't keep that from her.
Castle : I know. But she said if I opened the file that we'd be through.
Martha : It doesn't matter. She has to know.
Will : No, you didn't. Stop making me laugh.
Beckett : Oh, come on. It's not like you've been shot or something.
Will : - I thought you were over sprinkles. - Maybe not.
UNK: Mmm.
Will : It's the writer monkey. What is he still doing here?
Will : Haven't you finished your book yet?
UNK: Last chapter. Do you have a sec?
UNK: Yeah.
Will : Watch it, Kate. He likes you.
Beckett : You'll have to forgive him. He is heavily medicated.
Beckett : You look awfully serious. Is everything okay?
Castle : Take a seat.
UNK: Dr. Clark Murray : - What? - Sit down.
Beckett : Castle, what's going on?
Castle : It's about your mother.