UNK: Hey. I've been reading on the Internet about this new thing called "sleep. "
UNK: It's supposed to be real good for you.
Castle : When I gave you that little speech last night,
Beckett : It wasn't anyone at the US Attorney's Office.
Beckett : They wouldn't need us to find him.
Beckett : So it had to be someone that we talked to.
Beckett : You don't think it was my Mafia connection?
Beckett : If he's in a rival family then they would want Moran alive to testify,
Beckett : because if the feds take down the Spolanos
Beckett : then the other families can take over their territories. No.
Beckett : We are looking for someone who had access to the doctor
Beckett : before we got the case.
Ryan : Phone records don't indicate any calls to unknown numbers.
UNK: And I thought you already ran his staff up.
Esposito : We did, and there were no records of anything
UNK: to indicate ties to organized crime.
Beckett : What about last night?
Esposito : Maggie Dowd was at dinner with friends.
UNK: Mario Guerrera worked late, packing patient files.
Esposito : And the senior nurse, Julia Hammond, claims she was home alone.
Beckett : What was Mario doing packing patient files last night?
Esposito : They're closing up shop. Patient files are all going to new doctors.
Beckett : It's just... Doesn't that seem like a weird thing
Beckett : to be doing on a Friday night?
UNK: Yeah, well, when you're a low man on the totem pole, that's what life is like.
UNK: People think they can call you in to work at 6 : 00 a. m. On a Saturday.
Beckett : Julia Hammond and Maggie Dowd. How long did they work for Dr. Leeds?
UNK: Uh, Hammond was with him 10 years.
Esposito : Maggie came on a few months back. Why?
UNK: Because our "low man on the totem pole," Mario Guerrera,
Beckett : started working for the doctor about a month ago.
Ryan : We checked him. We even called his nursing school. He's clean.
Beckett : Check again. They can't all be clean.
Castle : Where are you going?
Beckett : To see if Mario was actually at the office Friday night.
Julia : Detective. Is everything okay?
Beckett : - Mario, I need you to come with me. - Why?
Beckett : - We need to ask you some questions. - Did I do something wrong?
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Maggie. We double-checked everything,
Esposito : even called the nursing schools again.
UNK: This time, we had them send pictures. And the one of Maggie,
Esposito : it's a different girl.
UNK: It's Maggie. Where's Maggie Dowd?
Julia : - She didn't come in today. Why? - Detective.
UNK: Was Dr. Leeds affiliated with Saint Marcus Hospital?
Julia : Yeah, that's where we do our procedures.
UNK: - Lf she has a hospital ID... - She can finish the job.
Castle : You're off the hook. But don't leave town.
Guard : Room's restricted. I need to see your ID.
Guard : You have a Maggie Dowd on your list?
UNK: Female Guard : She's on the roster. You can let her through.