Esposito : Yeah. Dr. Joshua Leeds, 37.
Esposito : According to the business cards in his wallet, he's a plastic surgeon.
UNK: - Car's also registered to him as well. - Any money in the wallet?
UNK: Yeah, couple of hundred bucks.
Beckett : Well, I guess we can rule out robbery.
Castle : Plastic bag and duct tape. Not a very efficient way to kill someone.
Beckett : No, but it's very personal. All right, find and notify next of kin.
Beckett : Let's see how long he's been missing.
Lanie : From the state of decay, I'd say about a week.
Ryan : That matches the date on the first parking ticket.
Lanie : Preliminary cause of death indicates asphyxiation,
Lanie : but I'll run toxicology, just in case.
Esposito : That bag's pretty thin. Why wouldn't he just rip it off?
UNK: He must have been restrained.
Lanie : That's only half the story. His fingernails were removed.
Lanie : And each finger presents signs of having been broken pre-mortem.
UNK: Broken?
Lanie : If I had to guess, I'd say our doctor was tortured before he was killed.
Beckett : CSU have any luck with the car?
UNK: We're running prints, testing fibers. We should have results by tomorrow.
Beckett : - All right. Thanks. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Ms. Morantz, I'm Kate Beckett.
Beckett : I'm very sorry about your loss.
Beckett : I was wondering if I could take a moment of your time?
UNK: Courtney Morantz : I knew it. When he didn't come home, I just felt it.
Castle : How long were you engaged?
UNK: Courtney Morantz : Almost a year. We were gonna get married next month at the Gardens.
UNK: Courtney Morantz : What did they want? Money?
Beckett : - It doesn't appear to be a robbery. - Then why?
Beckett : Was Josh involved in anything that might have brought him
Beckett : into contact with criminal elements?
UNK: Courtney Morantz : No. No, not my Josh. That's just not who he was.
Castle : On the day he disappeared, did you notice anything different about him?
UNK: Courtney Morantz : - Uh, different? - Did he seem worried
Beckett : or scared or distracted?
UNK: Courtney Morantz : He was fine. I mean, we were gonna meet
UNK: Courtney Morantz : because we were gonna go taste some cakes.
UNK: Courtney Morantz : When he didn't show, I called the office, and they said he'd left,
UNK: Courtney Morantz : so I called his cell phone, but he didn't pick up.
Castle : If his office was in Midtown, do you have any idea
Castle : why his car would be found on 133rd Street?
Castle : 133rd Street? He'd never go that far north.
UNK: Courtney Morantz : He always took the Midtown Tunnel to the LIE.
UNK: Courtney Morantz : And if he was gonna be late, he'd call.
UNK: Courtney Morantz : He'd always call. He'd always let me know.
Beckett : Anything on the canvass?
Ryan : Locals only remember seeing the car after the tickets.
Ryan : No security cameras on the street.
Ryan : How'd he wind up dead on a street in Harlem?
Castle : Like, maybe he secretly made a living out of using his surgeon's skills
Castle : to harvest organs off of tourists for the black market organ trade.
Castle : Whoa, that was a good one. I'm writing that down.
Beckett : So, instead of making up stories, we are going to establish a timeline.
Beckett : - When did he get his first ticket? Last Wednesday morning.
Esposito : Okay. So, you guys go to the Midtown garage
Esposito : where he kept his car, and we'll hit his office.
Esposito : - Cool. - Okay.
Castle : Hey, can I ask you something?
Beckett : Since when do you ask permission to ask questions?
Castle : It's about your mother's case.
Castle : Have you ever thought about reopening it?
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : Nothing. I just thought if we worked together...
UNK: No.
Castle : I have resources.
Beckett : Castle, you touch my mom's case
Beckett : and you and I are done. Do you understand?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Why don't you want to investigate it?
Beckett : Same reason a recovering alcoholic doesn't drink.
Beckett : You don't think I haven't been down there?
Beckett : You don't think I haven't memorized every line in that file?
Beckett : My first three years on the force, every off-duty moment was spent
Beckett : looking for something someone missed.
Beckett : It took me a year of therapy to realize if I didn't let it go,
Beckett : it was gonna destroy me. And so I let it go.
Castle : Sorry. I didn't know.
Beckett : Yeah, well, now you do.
Beckett : Well, this must be the place.
Beckett : What is it with men and boobs, anyway?
Castle : Biological. We can't help it.
Beckett : But doesn't it bother you that they're so obviously not real?
Castle : Santa's not real. We still love opening his presents.
UNK: Assistant Julia : It wasn't like him to disappear.
UNK: Assistant Julia : I think that deep down, we all knew that something was wrong.
Beckett : Did he seem agitated at all?
Julia : No. I mean, it was pretty much business as usual.
UNK: Assistant Mario : Except for the wedding.
UNK: Assistant Mario : We were trying to clear his schedule for the honeymoon.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw him?
Castle : - What time did he leave the office? - Around 5 : 30.