Castle : Whoa! Whoa, whoa! I'm a friend! I'm a friend!
UNK: Sal?
Sal : Take him out back. Kill him.
UNK: Sal! Whoa, whoa! Sal! No, let me go. Oh, jeez. Sal, it's me. It's me, buddy.
Sal : Vito! Vito, wait! Vito, wait! Hold on. I was just messing with him.
UNK: It's all right.
UNK: - Come here. - Not funny, Sal.
UNK: No, you're right. No. It wasn't funny. It was frigging hilarious!
UNK: Richard-frigging-Castle. Master of the macabre.
Sal : What brings you down off your cloud of money?
Alexis : Thank you.
UNK: The guy you're talking about? He worked for the Spolano family.
Sal : Jimmy "the Rat" Moran. He was an underboss.
Sal : He was a favorite of the Old Man's,
Sal : but he got squeezed out by Junior when the Old Man bit it.
Sal : Rumor has it that he turned State's a few months ago,
Sal : and the Spolanos are running scared.
Sal : Apparently, Moran's got it all, bills of lading,
Sal : calendars, ledgers, the whole shooting match.
Sal : Enough to take down all the top guys.
Castle : Well, no wonder he wanted to change his face.
Sal : Hey, if they got to the surgeon, it's only a matter of time before they get to him.
Alexis : Thank you.
UNK: You told me that certain mob hitmen have signature styles or weapons.
Sal : - That's right. - Okay. Well,
Castle : this killer used a plastic bag with duct tape to suffocate his victim.
Castle : Does that sound like anyone you know?
UNK: No. You'd have to ask the Spolanos about that one.
Castle : Yeah, I don't think they'd like that.
Sal : Probably not. I bet you I know somebody else who might know.
Castle : - Who? - Jimmy "the Rat. "
Sal : Jimmy "the Rat" Moran, aka Jimmy Pretty.
UNK: Been linked to gambling, loansharking and extortion schemes.
Ryan : You know, you want a guy to be loyal,
Ryan : you probably shouldn't nickname him "the Rat. "
UNK: Okay, so let's start off by digging up
Beckett : all known associates of the Spolano family.
Ryan : Yeah, sure. And while we're at it,
Ryan : we'll just bang our heads against a brick wall. You know, just for fun.
Esposito : Professional hits are the hardest to close.
Esposito : Because of the anonymous nature of the murders,
Esposito : the usual rules, like motive and relationship to victim, don't apply.
Beckett : We need to talk to Moran. Gotta see what he knows.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : What makes you think your friend Hard Candy's
UNK: gonna cooperate with you now?
Beckett : You have your sources, I have mine.
Castle : Oh, it's not your ex-boyfriend, is it? Mr. FBI?
Castle : Tall, brooding and judgmental?
Beckett : Why, yes, in fact, it is. Is that a problem?
Castle : No, not for me. But, then again,
Castle : I'm not the one he's trying to get back together with.
Will : Well, this is a nice surprise.
Beckett : Yeah, hopefully this is a nice surprise as well.
UNK: Sprinkles. Am I really that predictable?
Beckett : Well, maybe I just know you too well. I mean, we did date once.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Oh, no, thanks. I don't eat sprinkles anymore.
UNK: Right. So, okay. Is this the part where
Will : you ask me to bend the rules to help you on your case?
Will : Am I really that predictable?
Beckett : Maybe I just know you too well.
Will : What do you need?
UNK: I want to talk to Jimmy Moran.
Will : - Jimmy Moran, the mobster? - Yeah.
Castle : What makes you think I can help with that?
Beckett : The FBI and the US Attorney's Office have him in Witness Protection.
Will : - And you know this how? - Word on the street.