UNK: Yeah. - When I called at 6 : 00, he was fine.
UNK: He said he was in traffic at the Tunnel.
Beckett : He'd left Manhattan, then.
Castle : Why would he come back?
Beckett : Did Dr. Leeds have any enemies?
Beckett : Anyone that he had operated on
Beckett : who had had complications or a bad experience?
Julia : None of his patients had complications.
Mario : That doesn't mean that they were always happy.
Mario : Cosmetic surgery is about self-image. For some people, it changes their lives.
Mario : For others, nothing's ever enough.
Beckett : Did any of his patients ever threaten him?
Julia : One. Jacey Goldberg.
Julia : She was a patient of Dr. Leeds until about three months ago.
Castle : - What happened? - She wanted a face-lift.
Castle : - So? - So, she already had three.
Mario : Dr. Leeds refused to perform the operation.
Castle : So, what'd she do?
Julia : She sued him. It was thrown out of court, of course.
Maggie : That's when the threats started.
Montgomery : At the very least, she should be arrested for violating the laws of nature.
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : Jacey Goldberg's husband, Jack, had her committed to Bellevue a month ago
Esposito : for psychiatric treatment for her little obsession.
Ryan : Guess who testified in support of her commitment.
Esposito : - Dr. Joshua Leeds. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Mandatory one-month treatment program. She was released last week.
Esposito : Three days before our doctor went missing.
Castle : Mentally unstable plastic surgery chick.
Castle : That is way better than harvesting organs.
Montgomery : Get her in here.
UNK: Wow. Look at her. How can anyone do that to themselves?
Beckett : Come on, guys. She's not an animal, she's a human being.
Castle : Yeah, I know, but...
Castle : Oh, saucy.
Beckett : Mrs. Goldberg, I'm Detective Beckett.
Beckett : This is Richard Castle, a consultant with the Department.
UNK: Counselor Mrs. Goldberg : What's this all about, Detective?
Beckett : Mrs. Goldberg, are you familiar with
Esposito : a plastic surgeon named Dr. Joshua Leeds?
Castle : - Yes. - You recently sued him for malpractice.
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : That's correct.
Beckett : "For refusing to perform elective cosmetic surgery.
UNK: "Specifically, a face-lift, facial implants, and liposuction. "
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : I can assure you, each procedure was medically necessary.
Castle : Dr. Leeds didn't seem to think so.
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : That arrogant bastard thought he could play God.
Castle : Well, if you wanted the surgery so badly,
Castle : why didn't you just see another lips? Doctor?
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : Because I wanted the best. Who is he to deny me the best?
Castle : So, you threatened to ruin him?
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : Why does he get to tell me what I can and cannot do?
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : Why does he get to decide what I look like?
Beckett : - Is that why you killed him? - What?
Castle : - Dr. Leeds was murdered last week. - Murdered?
Beckett : A couple of days after you were released from the psychiatric treatment
Beckett : facility that Leeds helped commit you to.
Beckett : That's motive and opportunity, Counselor.
UNK: Mrs. Goldberg : I said I'd ruin him, not kill him. Big difference.
Beckett : Then I suppose you won't mind telling me where you were last Tuesday night?
Montgomery : So, where was she?
Beckett : She was in the hospital.
Montgomery : - Getting more surgery? - Yep.
Montgomery : What's she got left to operate on?
Montgomery : - Oh, no. - Oh, yes.
Montgomery : Seriously? What could they possibly do down there?
Beckett : Well, apparently, quite a lot.
UNK: Well, if Leeds had a reputation of turning people away,
Montgomery : maybe there's someone else that he pissed off.
Beckett : Yeah, Esposito and Ryan are already looking through the patient list,
Beckett : but the CSU came back clean from the car.
Beckett : It'd be almost impossible
Beckett : for a run-of-the-mill revenge murderer to be that invisible.
UNK: - You thinking it was professional? - I don't know.
Beckett : Mrs. Goldberg had enough money to pay someone to do it.
Beckett : And her surgery is a pretty convenient alibi.
Beckett : But torture and suffocation? That doesn't seem like the work
Beckett : of a disgruntled trophy wife turning 50.
Montgomery : Surgeon with broken fingers? That's someone sending a message.
Alexis : - What do you think? - You look beautiful.
Alexis : Dad, you say that about every dress.
Alexis : Don't you think this makes my skin look pasty?
Castle : Sweetheart, I want you to know, no matter how you think you look,
Castle : you are perfect exactly the way you are.