House : I want to empower them.
House : Those three idiots need to respect you.
House : They should respect you. They should be afraid of you.
House : So I have to humiliate you.
UNK: See, if the team fears you, they won't question you,
House : if they don't question you, they won't get any answers,
House : if they don't get any answers, they're useless.
Foreman : Mocking me saves lives?
House : Hospital will probably build you a statue one day.
UNK: You know, with a "kick me" sign on the back.
House : So when you think about it, the more I mock you,
UNK: the more it shows that I have respect for you.
Foreman : Or you made up that B.S. Because you like humiliating me.
House : Wouldn't rule that out completely.
Taub : You busy?
House : Almost done.
House : So just remember, the rabbit goes around the tree and jumps down the hole.
Taub : Negative for sarcoidosis.
House : Run him for everything you can think of.
House : Lepto, schisto, hemo and the fourth Marx Brother nobody ever heard of.
Jeff : You bitch!
Deb : I just went to get us some lunch. You were asleep.
Jeff : You moved my book!
Deb : Jeff, calm down, it's just the drugs.
Jeff : The drugs didn't move my...
UNK: Jeff?
Deb : My husband's having a heart attack! Can somebody help me, please?
Deb : Somebody help me, please!
Kutner : She saved his life.
House : Or she scabbed. Depends on your point of view.
House : So, what do we think? New symptom? Or just a wife beater?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Time for you took this baby for a spin.
Kutner : We loaded him full of prednisone to try to fix the liver.
House : Good news is, he's running out of organs to fail.
Kutner : Prednisone could cause roid rage, which could cause hypertension,
Kutner : which results...
Taub : Roid rage after six hours?
House : That rate, by sundown, he'll have eaten most of us.
UNK: Still could be the penicillin, allergic reaction.
Thirteen : How does a fried liver put him into a rage?
Taub : It's not frying his liver, it's frying his syphilis.
Taub : The penicillin's working. The real patient's emerging.
House : So syphilis prevents domestic violence.
UNK: I'm gonna be even more attractive to the ladies.
UNK: I was about to test for a heart issue before the syphilis.
Thirteen : PFO could explain the heart attack,
Thirteen : and reduced blood flow to the brain could explain the rage.
House : Well, they're all good ideas.
House : Okay. Let's take a vote.
House : How many think it's the roids talking?
House : And who's for the penicillin?
House : And how about whatever she said?
House : Someone hasn't raised their hand.
Foreman : Whatever I decide?
Foreman : You're setting me up.
House : Why would I do that?
UNK: PFO.
House : PFOs have it.
House : I just hope the bubble test is positive. Or it's no more Mr. Nice Guy.
Kutner : We gave van Gogh chelation therapy. Turned him into a house painter.
Taub : Maybe not. Maybe we just put Hitler on Ritalin.