Taub : But he got worse.
Cameron : After his leg.
Foreman : The leg was a coincidence.
Chase : Did you sleep with him?
Thirteen : So what's going to happen? What's gonna change?
Kutner : Maybe he'll be less of a jerk.
Cameron : Or less of a doctor.
UNK: You gotta be a jerk to be a good doctor?
Cameron : I don't know. Maybe House does.
Chase : Why aren't you answering me?
Cameron : Because it's none of their business.
Cameron : It's none of your business.
Chase : I think the STD makes it my business.
Cameron : Humans are complicated.
Foreman : Humans are simple.
Cameron : A million different things make us who we are.
Cameron : You change one, you change everything.
Cameron : If Mozart was better adjusted,
Cameron : decides to play catch one day, maybe there's no Magic Flute.
Chase : You did, didn't you?
House : Something I need to tell you.
Amber : You returned him drunk.
UNK: On time. Drunk.
House : On time. No tag backs.
Amber : The purpose of the time was to give me time.
House : So you didn't have sex...
UNK: I like sex. You can have it tonight.
House : The L Word is on.
House : You don't get to decide what matters.
Amber : Either you're genuinely afraid I'm gonna make him miserable,
UNK: or you're afraid I'm gonna make him happy, or you simply can't stop screwing
Amber : with anything that moves. It doesn't really matter because, whatever the reason,
Amber : you'll only get worse. Until either I stop seeing Wilson
Amber : or I stop you.
Amber : What do you think I'm going to choose?
UNK: If you terminate the agreement, that's not gonna bring peace to the Mideast.
Amber : I'm not terminating the agreement.
Amber : I'm amending the agreement.
Amber : I'm adding penalty clauses.
House : Fine. Whoever violates it gets their finger cut off.
UNK: I'm serious. So am I.
House : You want people to drive safer,
House : take out the airbags and attach a machete pointing at their neck.
House : No one will drive over three miles per hour.
UNK: I'm not cutting... We'll figure it out.
House : On your time.
House : You know she's certifiable, right? I got forms in my desk.
Wilson : Where is she wrong?
Wilson : What were you going to tell me?
UNK: Nothing.
Wilson : You're punishing me?
House : I needed to tell you something privately.
UNK: I'm not gonna tell her.
House : You'll tell her. She's your girlfriend. You should tell her.
Wilson : You're my friend.
House : It's not the same.
Wilson : Don't sulk.
House : Where am I wrong?
UNK: "Your management style is counterproductive.
UNK: "You gave me authority over the team just so they could undercut... "
UNK: Critiquing the clap-addled?
House : Sort of tasteless.
UNK: I don't feel like waiting until your genitals cleared up.
UNK: You need to formalize my authority over the team.
House : No, I don't.
Foreman : You don't think I'm qualified?
House : Compared to those three?
Foreman : You want to punish Cuddy for hiring me without...
House : I like Cuddy.
House : Parts of her.
Foreman : You want to crush the team, by crushing me?