Taub : Fair enough. I'll go first.
UNK: "You demonstrate a great air of confidence, which is really pissing me off. "
UNK: House authorized me to... How long have you known him?
UNK: He's using you. I volunteered because I knew he wouldn't...
Taub : He could care less about the paperwork. He's using you to screw with you.
Taub : He knows it'll annoy us, we'll stand up to you,
Taub : which will force you to confront the fact that
Taub : even though you think you're our superior,
Taub : you're no different from us.
Taub : He gave you authority, to keep you in your place.
Kutner : It's true.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Not him. What did he say?
Taub : Nothing. What's true?
Kutner : If there's something wrong with this guy,
Kutner : it means there's something wrong with House.
Wilson : Are you trying to get me drunk?
Wilson : What time is it?
UNK: 10 : 30.
Wilson : She'll kill you.
House : I'll get you home before lights out.
Wilson : Great, then she'll kill me. If I get any more drunk...
Wilson : It might not work.
Wilson : If you know what I mean.
UNK: Really?
UNK: You'd think one or more of your ex-wives would have mentioned that to me.
Wilson : They told you? Wait.
Wilson : Why do you want to get Amber angry?
House : Because I'm your friend.
Wilson : No, no, no, you said you approved.
Wilson : You said you were taking the high road.
Wilson : For how long, the first exit?
UNK: Hello, and thank you from saving me from being righteous to death.
Thirteen : Patient's vomiting blood.
Taub : Hematemesis could indicate...
House : Don't put it on the board.
Taub : You don't think it's a symptom?
House : I think it's my marker.
House : He has syph and what?
Taub : And syph. It can cause hematemesis.
House : Not everyone agrees.
Taub : How could you...
UNK: Because if you all thought it was just syph
House : you wouldn't have woken me up in the middle of the night.
Thirteen : If it was just syph, he wouldn't be getting worse.
Thirteen : He's already on penicillin.
Kutner : The bleeding's probably from liver damage,
Kutner : probably caused by ethanol in the cleansers or the penicillin.
UNK: Two more probablies than I like to hear.
UNK: Liver test and serologies, are going to take a full day.
House : Full night, actually.
House : Guy might not make it to brunch.
House : Yes, I knew about your issue with alcohol.
House : Yes, I intentionally got you drunk
House : to provoke an argument, between you and Amber.
UNK: And why I'd do such a thing is an interesting question.
UNK: But what's more interesting is that you knew as much as I did,
House : and you're the one who's pouring down the drinks. Why?
Wilson : Because I thought I was out having fun with a friend.
UNK: I didn't know these drinks had subtext.
UNK: I gotta get home.
UNK: GGT's normal, that rules out alcohol.
UNK: What about serum protein?
Kutner : It's positive.
Taub : Kind of assumed he had protein.
Taub : It's how much protein he has that we care about.
UNK: He's positive for syphilis.
UNK: Do you mind if I give you a performance review?
Kutner : Not the patient. House. He has syphilis.
UNK: Female Soap Character : What happened?
UNK: Male Soap Character : Every time I searched my soul, I found Anna.
UNK: Female Soap Character : Are you going to tell Marie?
House : I have to.
UNK: Female Soap Character : It will destroy her!
UNK: Will it be any worse...
UNK: Yes?
UNK: You might want to turn the off TV.
House : I'm multitasking. Also doing my taxes. And Cuddy.
UNK: What did you find out?
Taub : Patient has hepatitis.
House : I assume from your omission of the word "viral" before the "hep"
House : that it's not another STD.
House : Put him on steroids and test him for sarcoid before the liver failure
House : becomes liver failed.
Thirteen : We're all doing this.
House : There's more?
Foreman : You have syphilis.
UNK: Love lasts forever.
House : No, I don't.
Kutner : One of us found a vial of your blood in the lab from when we...
House : Which one of you?
Foreman : It's treatable.
Thirteen : We filled a prescription.
Deb : You okay?
Cameron : So, this is why he is who he is.
Taub : We don't know.
Foreman : We know. It's not just a coincidence.
Thirteen : Wilson says he's always been a jerk.