House : It's like
House : one a day for a month.
Jeff : Now you're just trying to make me laugh.
House : Yeah, like that's a challenge.
Kutner : You have Chagas disease.
Kutner : It's a parasite. It's been asymptomatic for 10 years.
House : Not quite. Your brain's been swollen, not enough to see,
House : but enough to alter your personality.
Deb : We're back to that?
House : He screamed at you, you don't think he can change?
Deb : That was because of the drugs.
House : So you think drugs are more powerful than parasites?
UNK: I mean, the ones we're gonna give you to treat the parasites obviously are,
House : but I stand by the principle.
Deb : I'm not worried.
Kutner : Neither am I.
House : Neither am I. But that's because I don't care.
UNK: Reviews?
House : It was brought to my attention that, on occasion,
House : I am not respectful of hospital hierarchy.
UNK: The word was "contemptuous. "
Cuddy : Well phrased, thoughtful...
Cuddy : Identically phrased. These are all the same.
House : Because underneath it all, we are all the same.
House : And Foreman refused to type his up.
Cuddy : Well, it's more than I expected.
House : There's an extra one in there.
UNK: "Your treatment of patients is nonexistent
UNK: "because you're not a doctor, you're an administrator. "
House : Foreman convinced me that these could be helpful.
UNK: "Your management of employees is,
Cuddy : well, let's face it, they're outside carrying signs. "
Cuddy : The strike ended. The nurses have been back for two shifts already.
House : You'd think I'd have noticed. What exactly did they do around here?
UNK: "You act like employees should fear and respect you, but your eyes tell us...
UNK: "Actually your eyes tell us nothing, because we're looking at your boobs,
UNK: "which tell us that you're desperate to have someone jump on you
UNK: "and tell you they love you one grunted syllable at a time.
UNK: "What you want, you run away from. What you need, you don't have a clue.
UNK: "What you've accomplished makes you proud.
UNK: "But you're still miserable. "
House : Please sign.
Cuddy : I got a call from Amber today. Says there's been a violation your contract.
Cuddy : You've been seeing Wilson on her time.
House : She breached confidentiality. You can let it slide, Officer, we're even.
Cuddy : Yes, you are. You're both losing fingers.
Deb : Look what I found.
UNK: Nice.
Deb : They think you might be able to come home tomorrow.
Jeff : Yeah? That's good.
Deb : What's the matter?
Jeff : The ketchup. There's something wrong with that.
UNK: Tastes fine. Is there anything else?
Jeff : Everything else is great.
Jeff : I just, I don't know, I guess I don't like ketchup anymore.
Jeff : Wonder what else I don't like.
House : Roll over.
Amber : We need a tougher punishment.
UNK: You want to come over to the poopy side?
UNK: So where are you two going Friday night?
Amber : Dinner at L'Auberge.
House : You're lying.
Amber : Of course I am.