House : Don't do that.
Cameron : What? You have some House theory explaining heroin use
Cameron : - despite a negative test? - Nope.
House : Only I get to write on the board.
House : So it's not drugs.
UNK: What else can cause a heart to do wind sprints?
House : You got the blood work back, anything out of the ordinary?
Chase : His bi-carb is low.
House : Yeah, but which column?
UNK: It could be the result of the tachycardia, or it could be the cause.
Cameron : - It's the cause. - Why, because you want it to be?
House : Let's see how well that works with your other patient.
Cameron : We're just talking semantics here.
Cameron : We should put him on a bi-carb drip and send him back.
House : Right. Buff his numbers, don't bother trying to figure out the underlying cause.
House : I thought you cared about patients.
Foreman : Our job isn't to make sure he can bounce his grandkids on his lap.
Foreman : Our job is to get him healthy enough to go back to death row.
House : Our job is to diagnose him.
UNK: What?
House : Mommy and Daddy are having a little fight, doesn't mean we've stopped loving you.
House : Now, go outside and play.
House : Get Daddy some smokes, and an arterial blood gas test.
House : That was impressive. Okay, what number am I thinking of?
Stacy : Are you trying to get me fired?
Stacy : If you didn't want me working here, why didn't you just say so?
House : I just don't want you working right here, in my office.
House : - Anywhere else in the building is fine. - Oh.
UNK: It's a really big hospital.
Stacy : I'm a lawyer, you're a jerk. There's gonna be some overlap.
House : God, I hope that was a euphemism.
Stacy : Cuddy just reamed me!
House : I hope that one means what I think it means.
Stacy : For trusting you.
Stacy : She figured when she hired me she'd at least have someone
Stacy : you couldn't walk all over.
House : The number was six, by the way.
Stacy : I need to know, can I trust you?
House : If I hadn't lied to you about Cuddy's approval, my patient would be dead.
UNK: Great.
Stacy : Now I know.
Stacy : Now we can work together.
UNK: I'll be drawing some blood from your femoral artery.
Clarence : - From my what? - Runs through your groin.
Clarence : You think you're gonna stick me in the jewels with that?
Foreman : It's really closer to your thigh. Technically at this point, it seems like
Foreman : your jewels are more for display purposes anyway.
UNK: Hold up, hold up. Gimme some painkillers or something.
UNK: - A tough guy like you don't need them. - Forget that, numb me up, man.
Clarence : You got some gang ink? Let me see that.
Foreman : It's a Native American symbol. It means "the force of life".
Clarence : That's what you tell all these white dudes so they let you play doctor.
UNK: Yup, got them all fooled.
Clarence : For real, how a brother like you go from gang banging to wearing that white coat?
Foreman : How's a brother like you go from loving a woman to punching her skull in?