Chase : I'm searching both of Clarence's cells.
UNK: I figured if he's on something, it's stashed somewhere.
House : Unless he finished it.
Chase : Yeah, that'd be a shame. He could have shoved it anywhere.
Chase : There's envelopes stacked to the ceiling, bottles of copier toner,
Chase : boxes of rubber bands, paper, file folders.
House : Call it off.
House : Come on back.
Clarence : What's going on?
House : You're dying.
House : A man deserves a last drink.
Clarence : You're okay.
House : Thanks. That means a lot.
Cindy : All the tests have been inconclusive?
Cameron : Diagnostics is more of an art than a science.
Cindy : Should I be worried right now?
Cameron : I work for one of the top diagnosticians in the country.
Cameron : We're pouring all of our energy into figuring this out.
UNK: I thought you convicts knew how to drink.
House : You're at least three shots behind.
House : Now you're four shots behind.
UNK: You better get me the next one, or I'm gonna kill you.
UNK: House.
Cameron : I was just waiting for test results, I was...
House : Little busy right now. Getting my drink on.
UNK: Unbelievable.
Clarence : That's the finest piece I've seen in 10 years.
House : I could've hit that.
Clarence : And you didn't?
UNK: Man, you're the one that should be locked up.
House : Tell me something. I've been trying to figure this out.
House : Why does a guy who's on death row
House : suddenly try to off himself?
Cuddy : I know you drank that copier fluid.
House : It's not as visually dramatic as slitting your wrists with a homemade shiv,
House : but it will do the trick.
Clarence : It just hit me all of a sudden.
Clarence : It was like, they tell me when to eat, when to sleep,
Clarence : when to walk, when to talk, everything.
Clarence : I had to take control of something, right?
Clarence : When to die.
Clarence : I figured that was as good as anything.
House : And that thought just came to you, just like that?
UNK: Man, I told you, for 23 hours...
House : Look, here's the good news.
House : The copier fluid you drank
House : contains about 90% methanol, which is very poisonous,
House : and you took more than enough to kill yourself.
House : The bad news is, the alcohol you just drank
House : contains so much ethanol that it's going to bind with that
House : nasty formic acid rampaging through your body,
UNK: hence you're just gonna pee it out.
UNK: Harmlessly.
Clarence : Man, you are drunk.
House : Yes, I am. I also saved your life.
House : At least for now.
UNK: Morning! Your head hurts?