House : But you said it yourself, adrenalin.
UNK: Pheochromocytoma sits on top of the adrenal gland,
House : randomly spits out oodles of the stuff. It's perfect.
House : It explains everything, the tachycardia, pulmonary edema, the vasoconstriction that
House : caused the necrotic bowel.
Chase : Even explains how he had the strength to rip the rail off his bed.
Foreman : - But pheo's extremely rare. - I love rare.
House : Set up an MRI. Where's Cameron?
House : Like I don't know.
Wilson : Dr. Cameron, could I borrow you for a consult?
Wilson : Bittersweet thing about being head of the Oncology Department,
UNK: I get cc'd on all the biopsy results.
Cameron : Yeah, I know.
Cameron : - She's terminal. - Yeah.
Wilson : So I take it you were in there informing her?
UNK: Well, I hadn't exactly gotten around to that, but I was just...
Wilson : Doing what? Making friends?
Cameron : Cindy's divorced.
Cameron : She doesn't have any kids, no siblings, both her parents are gone...
Wilson : It's not your job to be her friend! Do you understand?
Wilson : And it's not worth it.
UNK: She feels better her final few days, and you're not the same, maybe for years.
Cameron : - You don't think it's worth it? - I know it's not worth it.
Cameron : My husband...
Cameron : I met him just after he was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer.
Cameron : If I hadn't married him... He was alone.
Cameron : When a good person dies, there should be an impact on the world.
Cameron : Somebody should notice.
Cameron : Somebody should be upset.
UNK: "Pheo" what?
House : I don't even remember.
House : It's just a fancy way of saying "small, adrenalin-secreting tumor".
House : Yeah, that clarified it for you.
House : All you need to know is, if I'm right, we can fix it.
UNK: Just gotta find it first.
House : We need an MRI.
House : It's completely painless for most people.
Clarence : But not for me?
House : I assume you got those tattoos in prison.
House : Prison tats often contain inks with heavy metals.
UNK: The MRI is basically a giant magnet,
House : suck those metallic inks right out of your skin.
House : Stop squirming.
House : Don't make us do this again.
House : Big baby.
Chase : Still don't see anything.
Clarence : Turn it off!
House : There's Waldo.
House : Found it, Clarence.
Clarence : Turn it off!
Clarence : Turn this damn thing off!
House : Keep him in there until you guys see it, too.
Foreman : Son of a bitch.
Foreman : Looks like they got the pheo out successfully.
Foreman : So, what now?
House : Clarence goes back to death row.
House : Just like that?
House : He's cured.
Foreman : That tumor caused random shots of adrenalin,
Foreman : which obviously led to the rage attacks that made him become a murderer
Foreman : in the first place.
House : My God, you're right!
House : Let's call the surgeons, we gotta save that tumor.
House : Put it on the witness stand.
Foreman : We could testify at Clarence's appeal.
House : You smell that? I think that is the stink of hypocrisy.
House : You wouldn't even consider the notion that Clarence's social upbringing
House : was responsible for what he became, but now you're sprinting to the witness stand
House : to blame everything on a little tumor.
Foreman : A person's upbringing and their biology are completely different.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Because you only overcame one of them.
House : Well, let's just give Clarence a free pass.
UNK: Which is probably gonna piss off all those other pheo sufferers
House : who managed to control their rage attacks
House : and become lawyers, race car drivers, or even doctors.
House : Removing that tumor puts a stop to those random shots of adrenalin.
House : It doesn't absolve him.
Foreman : You want him to be executed?
House : That's not what I'm saying.
Foreman : Got an opinion?
House : Everyone's got an opinion.
Foreman : I... I think I'm gonna testify at Clarence's appeal.
House : You'll do what you think is right.
House : On your own time.
Cindy : But it's just a cough.