Cameron : Thank you.
Cameron : I still think pneumonia and sarcoidosis.
Cameron : But, we should check for tuberculosis
Cameron : and definitely rule out congestive heart failure.
Cameron : Five stages of dying.
UNK: Exactly.
House : Personally, I think it's all just New Age crap,
House : but from your tear-filled, puppy dog eyes,
House : I think I've made my point.
House : Now go tell Cindy whatever-her-name-is that she's dying.
House : Tachycardia. Pulmonary edema. Likely suspects?
Cameron : The death row guy?
Cameron : That's who you're working on instead of Cindy?
House : God, I've got to learn not to beat around the bush.
UNK: By "dying", I meant no matter what we do.
House : Very, very soon she is going to be dead. Is that still too subtle?
UNK: I took an oath to "do no harm".
UNK: Yeah, but it's not like they make you sign it or anything.
Cameron : We cure your patient, he goes back to death row.
Cameron : He goes back to death row, they kill him.
House : He stays here and we don't treat him, he dies.
House : And I still don't treat "Cindy Lou Who".
Foreman : Can we get on with this?
House : Yeah, I knew I could count on your help for your homie.
UNK: Exactly. I'm black. I sympathize with guys who grew up in the inner city,
Foreman : kept down by The Man.
House : - Makes sense to me. - It's a bunch of crap!
Foreman : You can't blame society for the fact that you chose to become a killer.
Foreman : The guy's probably a heroin addict.
Foreman : That explains the tachycardia, which caused the pulmonary edema.
Chase : How does an inmate on death row get his hands on heroin?
Foreman : - Are you serious? - Man knows prisons.
UNK: When we got a yachting question, we'll come to you.
House : Okay, drugs it is. Test his hair, blood, urine, works.
Cameron : Thanks for getting my back.
Cameron : I thought you seminary boys were against the death penalty.
UNK: I've left the seminary.
Cameron : Over their stance on capital punishment?
Chase : I'm against the death penalty in principle.
Chase : In practice, however, watching a murderer die causes me
Chase : a lot less grief than annoying my boss.
Guard : We gotta check you out before you go in.
Cameron : Department of Justice statistics show
Cameron : that it's a racially motivated form of punishment.
UNK: Black defendants are 10 times more likely to get a death sentence than whites.
Foreman : Doesn't mean we need to get rid of the death penalty.
Foreman : Just means we need to kill more white people.
Foreman : It's okay. You're in a hospital, we're taking care of you.
UNK: Stay calm, you hear me? Push two milligrams Ativan!
Clarence : Water. Water.
House : What's the differential for being thirsty?
Chase : He was just a little dehydrated. And out of his mind.
Chase : We upped his saline drip. He's fine now.
Foreman : Blood and urine tests came back clean, no sign of opiates in his system.