House : I told you, only I get to play with the markers.
House : Our prisoner has a new symptom.
Cameron : I'm not telling Cindy she's dying until the diagnosis is confirmed.
House : I'm not buying that Clarence
UNK: was trying to take control of his life by suicide.
House : Healthy people don't kill themselves.
House : Healthy people don't kill other people.
House : Guy just filed an appeal in a state that hasn't actually killed anybody
House : in about 30 years.
Chase : What if it wasn't suicide? What if it was an escape plan?
Chase : Drink enough methanol to get transferred to a hospital, try to escape from here.
UNK: Excellent.
House : Explains everything except the symptom that got him here.
House : His heart went nuts before he got stuck in that storage cell
House : and chugged a toner martini.
House : I think there's something going on in his head.
House : Check for intracranial lesions, brain infections, autoimmune diseases,
House : do a CT, LP, full workup. State's paying, so go nuts.
Foreman : Where'd you get these scars?
UNK: I got shivved my first month in. After I healed up, I got mines.
Clarence : You guys still think I'm sick?
UNK: Obviously.
UNK: Why do you care? Why don't you just let me die?
Foreman : Well, I'm different than you.
Clarence : Right. You love me like your own mama.
Clarence : That's why the nurse says you kicked her out when my heart nearly stopped.
Foreman : Take a deep breath.
Cameron : Any family history of mental illness?
UNK: I always heard my pop was crazy, I never met the man.
Clarence : With my mom, it was the drugs.
Foreman : Any siblings?
UNK: I got a brother, pretty much raised him on my own.
UNK: - Inspirational. He doing time, too? - Hey...
Clarence : He's a good kid. Don't go judging what you don't know.
Foreman : How's his health?
Clarence : I haven't heard from him since I went inside.
Clarence : Spent 16 years with him, changed his damn diapers.
Clarence : Can you imagine your whole life
UNK: being all about the worst thing you ever did?
Foreman : You killed four people.
UNK: And somehow making mac and cheese just the way he wants
Foreman : kind of loses its significance.
House : Oh, no. Now you've left your entire body in my chair.
House : What does that mean you want?
Cameron : I need a segmental bronchoalveolar lavage.
House : I take it the CT with contrast came back?
Cameron : - They're not definitive. - Biopsy would be.
House : Biopsy would be invasive and unnecessary.
House : And definitive.
House : But you don't want definitive, you want to hang onto your delusions
House : as long as you can.
Cameron : A lavage could prove it's not cancer.
House : But you need me to approve the procedure. Must be a bitch.
House : - The answer is no. - Why?
Cameron : Because it's me?
Cameron : I'm over you! I've jumped on the bandwagon.
UNK: And I hate you, okay?
House : Great. Let's treat her.
Wilson : What is it?
Cameron : You won't help Cindy, but you're obsessed with this piece of dirt!
Cameron : Are you just trying to prove that who someone is doesn't matter,
UNK: or that all that matters is your stupid puzzle?
UNK: Fine.
Cameron : Treat them the same, that's all I'm asking.
Cameron : One test.
UNK: Wow.
House : That is remarkable.
House : According to those patchouli oil-selling New Agers,
House : it's supposed to be the terminal patient,
House : but you're going through the five stages.
House : You just made a completely seamless transition from anger
House : to bargaining.