Castle : Sierra wants to be Teddy's favorite, but she's always second choice.
Castle : Sierra thinks, "What if Jenna was gone? Then I'd be number one.
UNK: "Then I would finally get everything that I deserve."
Castle : And then one night, she sees her chance.
Castle : She lures Jenna somewhere quiet, deserted.
Castle : And when Jenna turns her back, Sierra stabs her.
Beckett : With the statue of the Washington Monument
Beckett : that she carries in her purse?
Castle : And then steals her shoes.
Castle : Not a perfect theory, but we're here anyway,
Castle : so no harm in learning a little bit more about what makes Sierra Goodwin tick.
UNK: And I see just the girl to clue us in.
UNK: Perfect!
UNK: Male Photographer : Move! There you go, that's it!
UNK: Rick!
Castle : That's "Mr. Castle" to you, missy. Rina, this is Detective Beckett.
Castle : Detective Beckett, Rina. She used to baby-sit for me.
Castle : - Or, I mean, Alexis. - You don't say.
Castle : - Actually, we're here about Jenna. - That was so terrible.
Castle : Yeah. Was it true that she and Sierra Goodwin were kind of BFFs?
Rina : I wouldn't say BFFs. Sierra's more of a frenemy.
Beckett : - How so? - She doesn't play well with others.
Castle : She ever push anybody down the stairs?
Rina : No. Stupid stuff, really. Lying about when a call time is.
Rina : Itching powder in your underwear.
Rina : Wait, and this one time,
Rina : she crushed up a diet pill and dropped it into another model's champagne.
Beckett : - You're saying she dosed someone? - The girl got all wired
Rina : and called Calvin Klein a boring old fart, to his face.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Thank you, Rina. You've been very helpful.
UNK: Sierra!
UNK: Man 2 : Sierra, over here!
Castle : You got something you want to share with the class?
Beckett : I was just thinking, maybe Jenna didn't use drugs.
Beckett : Maybe Sierra was slipping them into her drinks
Beckett : when Teddy Farrow was around, to make her seem crazy or paranoid.
Beckett : What are those two doing here?
Beckett : Okay, guys, what's going on?
Esposito : Tech managed to recover the deleted photos from Will James' memory card.
Esposito : He might not have been Jenna's killer, but he was definitely her stalker.
Beckett : You drove all the way down here just to show me this?
Ryan : We thought you'd want them right away.
UNK: - That is so thoughtful of you guys. - What do you think, Beckett?
Ryan : - You missing the glamorous life? - The what life?
Esposito : - Castle, hey, is your, your girl here? - Rina.
Beckett : Rina used to baby-sit Alexis, fellas.
Beckett : So, as far as Big Rick here is concerned,
Beckett : she might as well be wearing
Beckett : - a chastity belt. - Thank you for that visual image.
Castle : That's... And also, thank you for calling me "Big Rick."
Esposito : Hey, by the way, our buddy Will has a girlfriend we might want to talk to.
Esposito : There's some photos of her right here in the back.
Ryan : - Mmm. Naked photos. - Castle, check this out.
Beckett : Look at naked pictures? If you insist.
Castle : She's Will James' girlfriend?
UNK: It looks like Teddy Farrow isn't the only guy
Castle : that Sierra was modeling for.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Have you any idea of the spectacle you just caused?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean, why the hell would you drag
UNK: Teddy Farrow : the face of my campaign out of my launch party
UNK: Teddy Farrow : and bring her down here as if she was some sort of criminal?
Beckett : - Because she is. Will James' confession.
Esposito : He admits Sierra hired him to take the stalker photos of Jenna.