Castle : I mean, what if he shuts down and doesn't talk?
Alexis : - He won't. - He's not a stupid man.
Castle : - He might ask for a lawyer. - He won't. Look, let me handle this.
Beckett : You can go in if you want, but don't speak.
Rina : - I just... - Don't speak.
Travis : Okay, wait. She was recording me?
UNK: You followed her to Farrow's party Sunday night,
Beckett : and then to Monroe's apartment.
Travis : You don't understand! She just... She'd been acting so strange lately.
Travis : And then Sierra tells me about this photographer.
Beckett : You talked with Sierra about Wyatt Monroe?
Travis : She was worried about me and Jenna. That it was more than just business
Travis : between them. Something was going on.
Travis : Look, once this was in my head, I couldn't stop thinking about it.
Travis : Yeah, I followed her to the party.
Travis : They were together.
Travis : When she didn't go home and she went to his place instead, I knew.
Beckett : - Okay, so then you waited. When she came out,
Travis : her clothes were all messed up. Her lipstick was rubbed off.
UNK: You called her a whore.
Travis : I told her that she was my wife. My wife.
Travis : And she... She just started crying.
Travis : She said I didn't understand, that I was just like everybody else.
Beckett : Travis, I can't help you unless you tell me the truth.
Castle : And then you slapped her hard enough to cut her cheek.
Travis : Look, I didn't mean... Look, I just... I couldn't... I couldn't see straight.
Travis : It's like I wasn't even myself anymore.
Travis : I was so mad. I just... I didn't even know what I was doing.
Beckett : - And so you killed her. - No! No. I didn't kill her.
Travis : - Teddy did. - Teddy Farrow?
Travis : Oh, man, it was always Teddy. It was Teddy this, Teddy that.
Travis : Just like, whispering in her ear, you know.
Travis : Telling her how to walk, how to talk, who to be.
Travis : Just feeding her mind with lies.
Travis : I'll tell you what, if anyone did it, it was him.
Beckett : It was you, Travis, in the plaza, not Teddy.
Beckett : Standing by the fountain, thinking about all the things you'd done for her.
Beckett : About how you moved to this city that you hated
Beckett : only to be treated like this.
Beckett : Now, she had something in her hands, something sharp. What was it?
Beckett : Travis, do you really want me to turn that tape on?
Beckett : Do you really want to listen to what you said and what you did?
Travis : She was holding this broken glass.
Travis : - Told me to stay away. - And so you took it from her.
Travis : - It just happened. - What happened?
Travis : I... I stabbed her.
Travis : I stabbed her in the back.
Travis : She was... She was trying to leave me. I loved her so much.
Travis : - I just... I couldn't let her leave me. - She wasn't gonna leave you, Travis.