Wyatt : A master spy this girl was not.
Wyatt : I grabbed her purse, pulled out her phone.
Wyatt : The damn thing had an app on it that turned it into a recorder.
Wyatt : - She taped our whole conversation. - She wanted to record him
Castle : demanding sex for good shots so she could play it for Teddy Farrow.
Alexis : - Yeah. - She grabbed the phone back.
Wyatt : We struggled. She picked up my award off the shelf,
Wyatt : started waving it around and acting crazy.
Wyatt : She smacked the Hilo into a bookshelf, the tip broke off.
Wyatt : I tried to grab it, she cut me with the edge,
UNK: so I backed off and she left.
Beckett : You know, that's a great story,
Beckett : - but I don't believe you. - Just listen to the recording
Wyatt : - on her phone. I'm telling you the truth. Her purse was never found.
Beckett : So it looks like the evidence that'll clear you is lying in a landfill somewhere,
Beckett : along with your Hilo. Tough break.
Ryan : Here I thought modeling was glamorous.
Beckett : Not everybody in that business is predatory.
Esposito : It sure seems that way. Jenna's best friend was drugging her,
Esposito : - and her photographer killed her. - Even her clothing designer seemed
Castle : more interested in his show than in her murder.
Ryan : But at least we got the bad guy. That's something.
UNK: What?
Beckett : If Wyatt killed her, why didn't he do a better job of cleaning up his place?
Beckett : And why would he leave her body
Beckett : - right outside of his apartment? - Maybe he's not that bright.
Beckett : Or maybe he was telling the truth. Maybe he didn't do it.
UNK: -- [30 : What's up with the stroll down memory lane?
Martha : I called my agent and told him to pass on the play.
Martha : I said, "Martha Rodgers does not die in the first act,
UNK: - "and she never dies offstage." - Feel better?
Martha : No. I feel rotten and old. I feel like I'm dying offstage.
Martha : It's a powerful thing, kiddo. To be young, beautiful, talented.
Martha : - No woman wants to give it up. - You are still beautiful,
Castle : and you are still talented. And you didn't give up your youth.
Castle : You traded it for wisdom.
UNK: Wisdom.
UNK: Wisdom.
UNK: Give me that.
UNK: Rina?
Castle : Hey, are we still on for that date tonight? All right.
Castle : You remember where I live? I'll see you then.
Woman : - What? - Alexis told me all about it.
Martha : That girl is too young for you. Or I should say, you are too old for her.
Castle : It is not what you think.
Castle : And unemployed divas who live in glass houses, rent-free,
Castle : should not throw stones.
Martha : Point taken.
Castle : What's the good word?
Beckett : - Sunshine Electronics. - That's two words.
UNK: Nope, that's where Jenna McBoyd bought her new cell phone.
Woman : - What? - So, I was talking
Beckett : to her husband last night, and on a hunch I ask him about her cell phone.
Beckett : He said it wouldn't accommodate a recording app.
Beckett : So, I checked into her credit card receipts.
Beckett : She bought a new cell phone the day she died. And it had GPS in it,
Beckett : which she had the foresight to switch on.
Castle : - You found it? - In a dumpster on West 81 st.
Beckett : Uniforms are bringing it in now.
Castle : So far, it's happening just like he said it did.
Beckett : This is when he said she grabbed the weapon.
Beckett : Sounds like she left the place alive.
Ryan : - Doesn't mean he didn't go after her. - Yeah, if he was gonna kill her,
Esposito : he wouldn't let her leave the apartment.
Castle : Shh. It's still going.
Castle : So, what's our plan?
Beckett : Make him confess.
Castle : I don't think he's gonna crack that easy.
Castle : I mean, what if he figures out we only have a partial recording?
Castle : That the memory on the phone ran out before the actual murder took place?
Alexis : He won't.
Castle : We... We don't have any proof that he did it.