Lanie : Also, I found traces of glass in the wound.
Beckett : She was stabbed with the Washington Monument?
Beckett : Excuse me.
Beckett : Esposito, any luck?
Esposito : Yeah. Rooftop is right across the street
Beckett : You find anything?
Esposito : Lots of cigarette butts, soda cans. And an empty package
Esposito : for a digital camera memory card.
Beckett : Get it to CSU, see if you can pull any prints.
Esposito : On our way.
Beckett : Anything else?
UNK: Yeah. Preliminary tox screen indicates her blood alcohol was 0.02,
Lanie : and there were traces of Addmair in her system.
Castle : What's that?
Lanie : It's a form of speed, usually prescribed
Lanie : to people with ADD. But models have been known to buy it off the street
Lanie : - and use it for weight loss. - So much for her being anti-drug.
Castle : I guess the job and the stalker weren't the only things making her tense.
Beckett : Do you find it odd Jenna had a stalker?
Castle : No, not really. Why?
Beckett : Well, she wasn't Heidi Klum. She hadn't even had a national campaign.
Castle : Well, maybe the guy figured he was getting in on the ground floor,
Castle : stalker-wise, you know. Beat the rush.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Couldn't resist, could you?
UNK: Pretty nice write-up, huh?
Beckett : Yeah. If you like those sorts of fluff pieces.
Castle : Fluff? The reporter made you sound
Castle : like you're a cross between Sherlock Holmes and Angelina Jolie.
Castle : And the picture isn't half-bad, either. Although, you don't always need
Castle : - to cross your arms. - It's fine.
Castle : - Then why are you upset? - I'm not upset.
Castle : - You look upset. - Well, I'm not.
Castle : But if you were upset, you would tell me, right?
Beckett : - I'm not. - But if you were.
Beckett : It doesn't matter because I'm not upset.
Esposito : Well, well, well. Richard Castle.
Esposito : - The man of the hour. - Do you mean this?
Castle : Pretty flattering, right? At least, I thought so.
Esposito : Old news, my friend. We're talking about yesterday at Fashion Week.
Ryan : Word on the street is you brought back a little souvenir.
UNK: The digits of a particular young honey named Reno?
UNK: Rina.
Beckett : I might have mentioned it to them in passing.
Esposito : Come on, Castle. Take pity on your model-deprived brothers.
Esposito : Give us the stats. Was she the sexy, curvy,
UNK: - lingerie-type that you could just... - Or the toned and tanned,
Ryan : - bikini-wearing type? She's more like the,
Beckett : "I'm totally psyched I just got my driver's license" type.
Castle : Okay, you know what? You two so need to evolve,
Castle : because that little girl you're talking about like a piece of meat,
UNK: that's somebody's daughter, all right?
Castle : - She's somebody's baby-sitter. - You guys, CSU matched a print
Beckett : - off the memory card packaging. Will James.
Ryan : Real charm-boy. On probation for domestic assault.
Ryan : - A couple of restraining orders. - Sounds like our guy.
Beckett : Will James, NYPD.
Esposito : We're all clear.
Ryan : - Yeah, clear in here, too. - You guys. Look what I found.
Beckett : - Jenna's comp card. - Comp card?
Beckett : Yeah, agencies use it to get models work.
Castle : A single comp card? That's not very stalker-y.
Castle : Where's the big, creepy wall of Jenna?
UNK: Beckett. - Yeah?
Ryan : I think I got something. A camera with a telephoto lens.
Beckett : - What has it got on it? - Nothing. Maybe it's been erased.
Ryan : Q-tech, four gigs. Same as the empty package on the roof.
Beckett : Get it to CSU. See if they can recover the photos.
Castle : If this guy had a thing for Jenna, he sure was subtle about it.
UNK: Did you know what a comp card is? Yeah. Me, neither.
UNK: Will James : - Can I help you, officers? Will James?
Esposito : Get your hands up.
Beckett : We can place you on the rooftop of the building across from her.
Beckett : So if you weren't taking photos, what were you doing there?
UNK: I didn't kill her, all right? I wasn't even here Sunday, I was working.