Martha : "I swear, Jasmine, this has always been the way with you.
UNK: "You can't just go through life asking for an egg
UNK: "in your beer and your money back twice."
Martha : - Your money back twice! - Sorry.
Castle : "Mama, if I'm such a disappointment to you,
UNK: "I don't know why you even bother coming home. Isn't that right, Granny?"
Alexis : "Shut up, both of you. I'm trying to watch my stories."
UNK: "I wish I'd never left Paris."
UNK: And, scene. Good. Good, all right. Let's take it from the top.
UNK: Oh, guys. Come on. Don't you want me to land this role?
Castle : - Of course we do. It's just... Yeah.
Martha : Look, we are talking about the lead in a Broadway play.
Martha : This is a potential gold mine. If it's a hit, who knows
Martha : how long it could run? Then I could take it on the road.
Alexis : - You mean you'd leave us? - Well, only for nine months of the year.
Martha : Oh, don't look so sad. And, you, don't look so happy.
UNK: Castle. I'll be right there. All right.
UNK: Death. Murder. Mayhem.
UNK: Whole enchilada. Sorry to bail on rehearsal.
Martha : Don't worry. Alexis can read both parts.
Martha : It's all right if she misses a morning of school, isn't it?
Alexis : - Take me with you. - To a crime scene?
Alexis : It'd be educational. Please?
Castle : Find your own hiding place.
Esposito : Caucasian female. A couple of skinny dippers
Esposito : - found her this morning. - Bet that killed the mood.
Ryan : Purse is missing. No ID. And get this, we couldn't find her shoes.
Castle : I'm gonna go with, still with Prince Charming at the ball.
Castle : Should we look for a pumpkin and some mice?
Castle : I guess not.
Beckett : Canvass the buildings surrounding the plaza and get uniforms
Beckett : to check trash cans and dumpsters for her purse.
Ryan : Aye, aye.
Beckett : Hi, Lanie. - Hey.
Beckett : - Cause of death? - Stabbing.
Lanie : There's a fatal wound in her back.
Lanie : - Maybe a robbery gone wrong. Maybe.
Beckett : We gotta find out who she is and what she was doing here
Beckett : - so late, though. - Well, she's tall, she's gorgeous,
UNK: 10 pounds underweight. Her hair is fried,
Castle : she's wearing too much eye makeup. She's a model.
Castle : Which means she was probably at a club last night.
Castle : It is, after all, Fashion Week, when all the hottest women in the world
Castle : descend upon the hippest nightspots like locusts.
Castle : - Only, locusts eat. - Can you tell me who killed her?
UNK: - Then pipe down. This was on her wrist.
Beckett : She was at a club.
Beckett : That's Teddy Farrow's logo.
Beckett : He designs clothes for women. Upscale, expensive.
Castle : My credit card and I are painfully aware of Teddy's designs.
Castle : I almost asked for custody of them after my last divorce.
Beckett : Is there a label in her dress?
Lanie : Teddy Farrow Collection.
Beckett : Well, if she is one of his models, maybe he can identify her for us.
Beckett : - Thank you, Lanie. - You're welcome.
Castle : I can already see the blurb on my next book jacket.
Castle : "It's Fashion Week in New York City, and the clothes are to die for."
Man : - Five minutes, people! - That's Jenna. Jenna McBoyd.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was supposed to walk for me today.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : My God, what happened?
Beckett : She was stabbed sometime this morning.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I can't believe it. I mean, I saw her last night at my party.
Beckett : Did you notice anything unusual at the party?