Sierra : He's gonna be devastated. They were so in love.
UNK: I went to bed around 11 : 00, I figured she'd wake me when she got in.
UNK: But at 3 : 00 a.m. She wasn't home, so I called her cell phone.
Travis : She wasn't there. I called the cops. They said I had to wait 48 hours
Travis : till I could report her missing. I told them, "You don't know my wife.
UNK: "If she's not home by now, something happened to her."
Travis : God, I should have been there.
Travis : These parties, you know, they're just... Everyone is so phony.
Beckett : Travis, I know this is difficult, but I have to ask you this question.
Beckett : Was there anyone that you can think of
Beckett : - that would want to do harm to Jenna? - You're kidding, right?
Travis : We filed the reports. Didn't the other cops send them
Travis : - to you guys? - Reports?
Travis : For harassment. Some guy was sending Jenna letters,
Travis : like, writing all sorts of sick things. He was taking pictures of her, too.
Travis : It's like he was watching us all the time. She was falling apart.
Travis : I mean, we both were. Hell, we almost moved back home.
Beckett : - And you filed a report? - Yeah. A dozen of them,
Travis : and every time you people said the same damn thing.
Travis : That this is New York and you got more important things to do
Travis : than to track down some annoying fan. And now she's dead.
Travis : My wife is dead.
Ryan : The letters were mailed from the SoHo post office.
Ryan : - No return address. No signature. - So, the anonymous stalker didn't write
Esposito : down his name and number.
Ryan : Yeah, I'm just saying.
Castle : "I saw you today in the subway.
UNK: "Did you see me? I wanted to taste you."
Esposito : That's pretty sick stuff.
Beckett : But he doesn't make any direct threats. That's why Jenna and Travis couldn't
Beckett : get the beat cops to take them seriously.
Castle : Boy, two small-town kids go to the big city to follow their dreams and then this.
Castle : Not the fairy-tale ending they were looking for, I'm sure.
Esposito : You know, to take these shots, he would have had to have been
Esposito : on a rooftop pretty close to the apartment.
Beckett : No wonder she was freaked out. Find the roof, see if there's anything
Beckett : up there that we can use to identify him.
Beckett : Those cops let Jenna down once. We're not gonna do it again.
Castle : Hello! I'm home, and I brought Chow Fun.
Alexis : Hey, Dad. - Hey.
Alexis : Oh, nice. But I already picked up a copy on my way home.
Castle : - Well, did you read it? Was she kind? - The writer loved you.
Alexis : She loved Detective Beckett.
Alexis : She even loved the book. It was your basic puff piece.
Castle : Well, I'm sure my mother will find something to say that will keep me
Castle : - from getting too puffed. - Not tonight, she won't.
Alexis : She's in her room, mourning the death of her career.
Castle : - She didn't get that play? - She did. Just not the part she wanted.
Alexis : The producers said she's not right to play the lead.
Alexis : They want her to play the crazy granny.
Castle : Oh, the crazy granny.
Alexis : - Who dies in act one. - Oh.
Alexis : - Offstage. - Oh.
UNK: No.
Alexis : - You expecting a call? - A call back, actually.
Castle : I met a nice young woman at Fashion Week.
Castle : I left her a message about an hour ago.
Castle : A model?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Alexis : Gee, Dad. Picking up hotties while you're working a case?
Castle : She picked me up, as a matter of fact.
Castle : She said we knew each other from somewhere.
Alexis : It's a curse, being so irresistible.
Alexis : What's this one's name? Lola? Bree? Tatiana?
Rina : - Rina. - Did you say "Rina"?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Blonde hair?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Bambi eyes?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Cute little overbite?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Dad, you know Rina.
Alexis : - She used to baby-sit me. - She used to what you?
Sierra : - Like, a million times. - I vaguely remember a...
Castle : Like, a gangly girl with stringy hair and braces named Katrina.
Alexis : That's the one. She did the whole ugly-duckling-to-swan thing,
Alexis : shortened her name and became a model.
Alexis : That's so funny that you ran into her. The world is really small.
Castle : Yeah. Small and cruel.
UNK: I'm putting the time of death
UNK: - between 2 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. - She left the party at midnight.
Castle : - So, where was she for two hours? - Any signs of sexual assault?
Lanie : No, but she put up a fight.
Lanie : There's some bruising on her arms and hands,
Lanie : her dress was torn, there's a cut inside of her cheek,
Lanie : indicating that she was slapped hard. But here's the weird part.
Lanie : She was stabbed with something long and sharp.
Lanie : It wasn't your typical blade.
Beckett : - How so? Well, based on the wound,
Lanie : I made a reconstruction. It's four-sided. It's slimmer at the tip
Lanie : and gets progressively wider at the base.