UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was agitated. But that wasn't so unusual for her these days.
UNK: Female Assistant #1 : - Which one? - That one.
Man : - Okay. - Any idea what was wrong?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yeah. She was stressed out. Hey! Not the pink sash, the blue one.
UNK: Female Assistant #2 : Sorry, sir. - Look, Jenna was a small-town girl.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - I mean, straight off the bus from Ohio. - You're saying she was an innocent?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She was a rising star, but she wasn't ready
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - for what was coming her way. - What do you mean?
Man : Four minutes, people! Four minutes.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean I was thinking of making her the face of my campaign.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : That would have meant photo shoots, magazines, billboards in Times Square,
UNK: Teddy Farrow : travel, not to mention a very generous paycheck.
Castle : That seems to be all pretty heady stuff for a naive young girl.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : In recent weeks, she'd become so bad-tempered, paranoid.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I'd started to wonder if she wasn't too inexperienced
UNK: Teddy Farrow : for a major campaign.
Beckett : You said that she was paranoid.
Beckett : - Any chance she was doing drugs? - Not her style.
Wyatt : Teddy, if you want me to shoot the girls,
Wyatt : you need to get that boy-band poseur out of my seat.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Wyatt, I'll take care of it.
Beckett : Mr. Farrow, just a couple more questions.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yes, but quickly, please.
Beckett : Who was Jenna with last night
Beckett : at your party?
Beckett : Castle, focus.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I only saw her briefly. She spent most of her time
UNK: Teddy Farrow : with Sierra, her best friend. That's Sierra there,
UNK: Teddy Farrow : with the wedding gown. So, if that's all, now I really must take care
UNK: Teddy Farrow : - of last-minute details. - One last thing.
Castle : When Jenna left your party, was she wearing shoes?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Yes, Christian Louboutin pink satin pumps I'd lent her for the evening.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : The dress she was wearing was a one-of-a-kind.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I don't suppose we can have it returned?
Beckett : It's in evidence now. And it has a hole in the back of it,
Beckett : - where she was stabbed. - Sorry.
Rina : Rick Castle, it's so funny I ran into you today.
Rina : - I just bought this on my way in. - Oh, look at that. It's my cover.
Beckett : - And it's on stands already. - "Richard Castle gets the inspiration
UNK: "from New York's finest." That's nice, right?
Rina : - Could you... - Yes, absolutely.
Castle : - Who should I make it out to? - You don't remember me?
Castle : - Yes, of course I do. Yeah, you're... - Rina.
Castle : Rina. Yes. We met at that party. With that, that thing.
Castle : That was late, it was crazy, that... Wow, what a night.
Man : Let's go, models, take your places.
Man : I need you up here and in line.
UNK: Here.
Rina : Call me.
Castle : You're in here, too, you know.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.