Beckett : Home. She was trying to go home to you.
Castle : That was a risky bluff, threatening to play a recording we didn't even have.
Beckett : It didn't seem like a risk to me. He loved his wife very much.
Beckett : - He wouldn't want to relive her death. - Well, what about Sierra?
Castle : What about Wyatt Monroe? They just go free?
Castle : That doesn't sound like justice.
Beckett : Well, I spoke with Teddy Farrow this morning.
Beckett : Now that he understands what those two did to Jenna,
Beckett : he's gonna launch a very different kind of campaign.
Beckett : He's gonna get them blackballed in the industry.
Beckett : - No one will hire them again. - You mean poetic justice.
Castle : Well, as a writer, I guess I can live with that.
Beckett : I wish I could feel that way. I wish I could feel a sense of victory.
Beckett : So, what would Nikki Heat do after a bad day?
Castle : She'd go home, pour a stiff drink, run a hot bath,
Castle : read a good book.
Beckett : Too bad I don't have a good book to read.
Castle : any copies leaking out.
Castle : Well, that's for publicity purposes.
Castle : You know, you want the press to have a little taste of...
UNK: Wait, is that why you've been so upset?
Castle : - Because I let her read it before you? - I am the inspiration.
Beckett : I should be reading it before a reporter does.
Castle : Why didn't you just say so?
Beckett : - Why didn't you just give it to me? - Why didn't you ask?
Beckett : Why didn't it occur to you?
Castle : You'll have it by tomorrow.
Martha : - Good. - Good.
Esposito : - Looking good, Detective Beckett. - How did you guys...
Ryan : - We're detectives. - Called your dad.
UNK: Okay, okay, you guys have had your fun.
UNK: I was 17 and I thought that modeling would be an easier way
UNK: - to make money than waitressing. - Right.
Beckett : It was one summer, no big deal.
Beckett : And if you guys tell Castle about this, I will kill you.
Martha : Good evening, my dears.
Alexis : Hey, there. You look in brighter spirits.
Castle : - What's changed since this morning? - The play that I passed on,
Martha : the producers came back with a better offer.
Martha : I was just at the Dorchester signing my contracts.
Castle : - So, you got the lead? - Well, no, I still play the crazy granny.
Alexis : - But you... You don't die. - No, still die.
UNK: - More money? - Peanuts.
UNK: - All right, so what's the better offer? - They have rewritten the script
Martha : so that I die onstage. My death closes act one.
Martha : It's better than the lead, really.
Martha : - Granny's the bravura role. - In art, as in life.
Alexis : - I'm so proud of you. - Thank you. Thank you, my baby.
UNK: - Are we expecting company? - That's Rina.
Martha : - Of course. Your date. - Not my date.
Man : - Hey! - Hi!
UNK: Hey.
Alexis : I'm so ready.
Castle : Hey, Rina.
Rina : - Hi, Mr. Castle. Come on.
Rina : Oh, my gosh. That shirt is so cute on you.
Castle : Color me shocked, but apparently the modeling world
Castle : isn't all sexy clothes and fun parties.
Castle : It occurred to me that if Jenna McBoyd
Castle : had someone looking out for her a little bit, she might still be alive today.
Castle : So, if Rina needs a friend, she knows she's got one.
UNK: Oh, my son, the big softie.
Martha : And don't worry, I know you have an image to protect.
Martha : Your secret's safe with me.