Castle : That guy is aptly named. He gives me the willies.
Ryan : We have a problem. His alibi checks out.
UNK: You've gotta be kidding me.
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Esposito : I talked to the manager of the casino where he works.
Esposito : He says that Will James was there the night the girl was killed.
Beckett : There's got to be some kind of mistake.
Castle : Maybe his boss is in on it. Covering for his friend.
Castle : I thought so, so they sent over the security footage.
Esposito : James was parking cars all night. He's not our guy.
Travis : Okay, I don't... I don't understand.
Beckett : We're holding him on stalking charges.
Beckett : - But he didn't kill her. - He sent those letters, right?
Travis : - He took the pictures. - We won't know for sure
Beckett : unless CSU is able to recover files from the camera card.
Beckett : Whoever killed Jenna, we will find them. I promise.
Travis : - Okay, just whatever I can do. Well, there is something
Beckett : that we're trying to figure out. The medical examiner said
Beckett : that she found Addmair in Jenna's bloodstream.
Beckett : - It's a type of amphetamine. - No. No, Jenna didn't use drugs.
Castle : Some people say that she'd been acting nervous lately. Edgy.
Travis : Sure, that was the stress.
Travis : Look, these letters,
Travis : they really scared her, she didn't want to tell people at work about them.
Beckett : How were things going for her at work?
Beckett : Was there anyone she didn't get along with? Mr. Farrow, perhaps?
Travis : No, look. She loved Teddy. She got along good with everyone.
Travis : I don't know, maybe this one guy. A photographer. They had a fight.
Beckett : About what?
Travis : I guess he was the guy that was gonna
Travis : shoot the Farrow campaign, so last week he and Jenna,
Travis : they did this test shoot. She came home crying.
Travis : Said that her pictures were awful. She was worried she wouldn't
Travis : - get the job now. - Did Jenna say what went wrong?
Travis : She said that he just didn't like her.
Travis : He was trying to ruin it for her by making her look bad.
Beckett : This photographer. Do you know his name?
Beckett : Mr. Monroe, what happened between you and Jenna?
Wyatt : Look, Jenna was a great model and a great girl,
Wyatt : but that day she was unfocused, awkward.
Wyatt : We had words, but we resolved our issues.
UNK: How?
Wyatt : I agreed to do another test, on my time and my dime.
Wyatt : We were supposed to meet yesterday, after the runway show, but...
UNK: Can you confirm where you were at between 1 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m.
UNK: The night she died?
UNK: I was at the Zac Posen party until 3 : 00 and then home, asleep.
Beckett : - Thank you, Mr. Monroe. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Good afternoon. It's been a hard week for us here at Teddy Farrow.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : As I'm sure you've heard, we lost one of our own on Sunday night.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Jenna McBoyd was taken from this world too soon.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : But even as we honor her memory,
UNK: Teddy Farrow : she would have wanted us to carry on. And that's why I've invited you here
UNK: Teddy Farrow : to introduce the new face of my collection.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : She's an exciting talent, and together we shall achieve great things.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I give you Miss Sierra Goodwin.
Castle : There's Sierra, stepping in for her good friend Jenna, again.
Castle : Is it just me, or does she look really happy?
Castle : What was it that Teddy was saying about his new face?
Castle : Her picture in every magazine,
Castle : a billboard in Times Square, a huge paycheck.
Castle : Definitely worth killing for.
Beckett : Castle, you're talking about one girl murdering another for a job.
Castle : It's not a job, it's a campaign, a career maker.
Castle : Jealousy is a classic motive.
Beckett : I hear.