Esposito : He even helped her write the letters.
Esposito : And he claims he was supplying Sierra with Addmair.
Beckett : She was dosing Jenna.
Beckett : She was trying to make her seem paranoid around you.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Why would she do that?
Castle : To prey on the fears of a naive couple, pressure them into moving back to Ohio
Castle : - so Sierra could take her place. - Mr. Farrow, have you ever heard
Beckett : of the expression, "I would kill for that job"?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : But she was my face. My face!
UNK: Teddy Farrow : I mean, have you any idea what this will do to me, the scandal?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : It will taint the entire spring line!
Beckett : A girl is dead, Mr. Farrow. Does that mean anything to you?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : It doesn't mean my business should suffer.
Beckett : - They're just clothes. Just clothes, Detective?
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Clothes are civilization.
UNK: Teddy Farrow : Clothes are what separate us from animals.
Beckett : Not always.
Beckett : She was your only competition,
Beckett : you needed her out of the way, and you were running out of time.
Sierra : - No. No. I didn't kill her. - Right, you just drugged her
Castle : and sent her threatening letters.
UNK: Where were you at 2 : 00 a.m. On Sunday night?
Beckett : Sierra, you are facing a murder charge.
Beckett : If you have something to say, now would be the time.
Sierra : - She went to Wyatt's place. - The photographer?
Sierra : Jenna wasn't just being paranoid
Sierra : when she said Wyatt sabotaged her photo shoot. He did.
UNK: Why?
Sierra : Because Jenna wouldn't sleep with him.
Sierra : It's like an open secret with the girls. You give Wyatt what he wants,
Sierra : he gives you great shots. If you don't, he can ruin you.
Sierra : And he wanted Jenna.
Beckett : So, he was making her choose between her career
Beckett : and her marriage vows? Nice guy.
Sierra : She knew the photos from the second test
Sierra : had to be great or she really would lose the job.
Sierra : She needed him to do it right this time.
Beckett : So what happened on Sunday?
Sierra : She told me she had a plan. I figured she was gonna give Wyatt
Sierra : what he wanted.
Sierra : I just told her, "It's not the worst thing in the world," you know.
Sierra : "You might even like it."
UNK: Will James : I did.
Sierra : That was the last time I saw her alive.
Esposito : - Yo, Beckett. - Yeah?
Esposito : We just got the rundown on Wyatt Monroe.
Esposito : No priors. But turns out his apartment is right next door to the arts center,
Esposito : and his living room overlooks the fountain where Jenna was killed.
Beckett : - He lives next to the crime scene? - We ran that alibi that he gave you.
UNK: Witnesses at the Zac Posen party said he left around 11 : 30.
UNK: - He told us he left at 3 : 00 a.m. - There's more.
Esposito : We checked with the Teddy Farrow people.
Esposito : They said he got to their party just before midnight.
Beckett : He lied to us.
Wyatt : I can't tell you how shocked I was
Wyatt : - when Sierra was arrested. - Are you two close?
Wyatt : I wouldn't say close, but I did a number of sessions with her.
Castle : So we've heard.
Castle : That's a really nice view.
Wyatt : Thanks. So, how can I help?
Beckett : You can tell me why you didn't mention
Beckett : going to the Farrow party on Sunday night.
Wyatt : Must have slipped my mind. It's Fashion Week.
UNK: I go to a lot of parties.
UNK: Hey, what are you doing?
Castle : - Don't mind me. - Did you talk to Jenna at the party?
Wyatt : - I think I did. But just to say hello. - You didn't plan on a rendezvous
Beckett : - later on at your place? - No.
Castle : Oh, really? Then whose are these? Christian Louboutin pink satin pumps,
UNK: - on loan from Teddy Farrow. - I don't know who those belong to.
Beckett : - What is this award, Mr. Monroe? - It's the Hilo.
Beckett : "For excellence in editorial photography."
UNK: It looks like one of these is missing.
Beckett : Mr. Monroe, where is it?
Wyatt : The cleaning woman dropped it last week. It broke.
Castle : You know, it looks just like the Washington Monument.
Beckett : It does, doesn't it?
Wyatt : Okay, look, Jenna was at my place on Sunday night,
Wyatt : but she was alive when she left.
Beckett : - Why was she there? - She found me at Teddy's party.
Wyatt : Said she had a change of heart.
Wyatt : Wanted us to work together from now on as a team.
Castle : And you assumed that was code for "do me."
UNK: We agreed to meet back at my place. She came in, we had a drink,
UNK: got comfortable on the couch. I was ready to get down to business,
UNK: but she kept wanting to talk about our deal.
UNK: That's what she called it. Said she wanted me to tell her
UNK: exactly what she had to do to get good shots. Exactly.
Beckett : She was trying to get you to incriminate yourself.