UNK: Questions no one else can answer, otherwise we would not bother you.
Patrice : What questions?
Alexis : Did Kim have problems with any of the other guys she was seeing?
Patrice : There was no one else. Just Lyle.
UNK: And she'd just broken off with him.
Alexis : Well, it's just that we had heard
Alexis : that some other boys had stopped by the house.
Patrice : Some boys?
Patrice : Yeah, she was a tutor.
Patrice : Some of her students were embarrassed that they needed help,
Patrice : so she kept things quiet, that's who she was.
Alexis : Do you remember these students' names?
Patrice : I'm not about to let you hang this on one of them.
Patrice : Now you need to leave.
Castle : Thank you for your time.
Alexis : Oh. Oh, ma'am, just one more question.
Alexis : What subject did Kim tutor?
UNK: Chemistry.
Esposito : - Dad. - I know.
Castle : Kim tutored chemistry.
Castle : So what if one of her students
Castle : tricked her into helping him learn how to cook meth?
Castle : And when she figured out what he was doing, he killed her.
Alexis : No, there's something else.
Alexis : As soon as Mrs. Tolbert said "chemistry," I remembered.
Castle : Look at this.
Alexis : Two identical chemistry books were found at the scene of the crime.
Castle : So maybe the other one belonged to one of her students.
Alexis : Right. But a textbook like this is expensive.
Alexis : If you lost one, you'd have to pay a fine. You'd want it back.
Castle : Unless it would implicate you in a murder.
Alexis : Dad, if we figure out whose book this is, we might find our killer.
UNK: I don't know if that's possible, honey.
UNK: These books are over 15 years old.
Alexis : It's worth a shot.
Betty : Actually, some of them are over 20 years old,
Betty : but because of budget cuts, we still use them.
Alexis : Can you pull up records all the way back to 1998?
Betty : Well, even if I can, I probably shouldn't.
UNK: Uh, perhaps a generous donation for new textbooks is in order.
Betty : I suppose I could bend the rules.
Alexis : These are the barcodes from each book.
LIBRARIAN : Make it out to cash.
Alexis : Where are you?
Betty : Let's see.
UNK: Both of them are actually still in our system.
Betty : Loaned out September 8th, 1998. Neither was ever returned.
UNK: Any way you can figure out who they belonged to?
UNK: Mmm. One was Kim Tolbert's.
Betty : The poor girl who died.
Castle : And the other one?
Betty : Looks like it belonged to one John Henson.
Alexis : Oh, my God.
Castle : That's Frank's younger brother.
Castle : The chemistry book puts John in Kim's house,
UNK: but we're gonna need a lot more than that to prove he's our killer.
Alexis : These files are all on Frank.
Alexis : There's not a lot here on John.
Alexis : How long until Ryan finishes his background check?
Castle : He should be calling any minute.
Castle : Have you managed to find anything that might link John to the murder?
Alexis : No, but I did find something that links John to Kim.
Alexis : According to this accident report,
Alexis : Frank was speeding and got in a car crash in '97.
Alexis : John was with him.
Alexis : He was hurt pretty badly. He had to miss a lot of school.
Alexis : He was taking chemistry that semester,
Alexis : which is probably why he needed tutoring from Kim.
UNK: CELL PHONE CHIMES
UNK: That'll be Ryan.
UNK: "John Henson. Clean record. No convictions, no arrests."
Castle : No, wait. One arrest in '98.
UNK: Three months before Kim was killed.
Castle : For possession of a controlled substance.
UNK: Meth?
UNK: It doesn't say. And the charges were dropped.
Castle : But this establishes John was involved with drugs.
Alexis : And if Kim had gone to the police saying he was a meth cooker,