Castle : Police talk to him?
Frank : They didn't have to. They had me.
Frank : Mr. Castle, I've got three days left on God's earth.
Frank : I don't need you to find the real killer.
Frank : I just need somebody to prove it wasn't me.
Beckett : Castle, take it easy. Calm down.
CASTLE : Calm down?
UNK: You should've seen the way these people looked at me.
Castle : Like I'm some kind of savior.
UNK: But I don't even know if he's innocent.
Beckett : How can I help?
Castle : I don't even know if I can help.
Castle : I mean, what if I can't?
Castle : Alexis would never forgive me.
Beckett : Just do your best, Castle. She loves you.
Beckett : And I'm here. For both of you.
UNK: She's coming. I gotta go.
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
Alexis : - Ready to get started? - Uh-huh.
Alexis : Let's go.
Alexis : This is everything, spanning the life of the case.
UNK: The least your professor could've done is thrown in some CliffsNotes.
Castle : So what do we know about this ex-boyfriend of Kim's, Lyle Gomez?
Alexis : Was a varsity football player, hot and cold relationship with Kim.
Alexis : Everyone that knew him said he had a temper.
Castle : Did you guys talk to him?
Alexis : Professor McDonald and the defense lawyer tried.
Alexis : But Lyle told them he didn't want to relive it.
Alexis : Said it was too painful.
UNK: And there's no evidence that indicates he might've done it? Nothing at all?
Castle : What are all these little things on the floor around the body?
UNK: Charms. They broke off her bracelet during the struggle.
UNK: Before the attack, there might've been some pushing and shoving.
Castle : Lovers' quarrels can start like that before they turn to something else.
Alexis : But aside from Maggie's theory, there's nothing tying Lyle to any of this.
Alexis : But maybe you'll see something we missed.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : So that evidence the Innocence Review submitted to the trace lab,
Beckett : how close are they to looking at it?
Esposito : From what we heard, it's gonna take weeks.
Esposito : Which means they'll never get to it in time.
UNK: Whew!
UNK: What?
Castle : By all accounts, Kim was a bright, beautiful girl who everyone loved.
Castle : She had no enemies to speak of,
UNK: and nothing points to anyone other than Frank.
Alexis : Because they didn't look at anyone other than Frank.
UNK: Or maybe because it was Frank.
Castle : Look, I'm sorry, Alexis. It's just, sometimes...
Alexis : Fine, but if it was Frank, what was his motive?
Castle : All right...
UNK: Officer Ted Lane : Wow. You Innocence Review folks just won't give up, will you?
UNK: Can I help you, Officer Lane?
Lane : Kim's murder tore this town apart.
Lane : I guess we're just wondering what you all are fighting for.
UNK: Justice.
LANE : Justice?
Lanie : He had her blood on his hands when they caught him.
Lanie : He was holding the shop rag
Lanie : that he used to wipe down the crime scene.
Lanie : You want justice? Let him meet his maker.
Castle : Has it been like that the whole time?
Castle : Pretty much.
Castle : Okay, let's go over this again. Frank hears a scream,
Castle : he runs across the way, he bangs on the door. It's locked.
Castle : He runs around the back.
Alexis : He finds the back door open and goes inside.
UNK: Frank voiceover : Back door was open.
UNK: Wait.
Castle : What time of year was the murder? November?
Alexis : Yeah. The 13th. Why?
UNK: 1998.
UNK: Temperature that night was 40 degrees.