MAN : Please rise.
JUDGE : Frank Henson, 15 years ago,
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : you were convicted by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
UNK: for the 1998 murder of Kimberly Tolbert.
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : You were sentenced to death.
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : This court has found insufficient evidence
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : to grant an emergency stay.
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : Thus, your execution will proceed as scheduled,
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : at midnight, three days from today.
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : Court is adjourned.
UNK: John,
UNK: - I am so sorry. - Thank you, Professor.
John : You folks did everything you could. I know my brother appreciates it.
UNK: Frank?
Alexis : This can't be it. There's got to be something more we can do.
Alexis : What about the lab work we were going to test again? Or what about...
Mcdonald : Alexis, we've played every card.
Mcdonald : Sometimes the good guys don't win.
CASTLE : I am not giving up.
UNK: And do you know why?
UNK: Richard Castle : Because it's the best idea ever.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Castle, I am not getting married in space.
Castle : Why not? We could be the first.
Castle : Commercial space flight is only a couple of years away,
Castle : and you said you wanted it to be special.
UNK: Yes, because when I was a little girl imagining my wedding day,
UNK: being stuck in a small tin can
UNK: with a thousand tons of rocket fuel strapped to my ass
UNK: was exactly what I had in mind.
Castle : Then we agree!
UNK: If you don't wanna go and look at wedding venues this weekend,
Beckett : then just say so.
UNK: I don't wanna go look at wedding venues this weekend.
Beckett : - Too bad. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Alexis : - What? - Nothing.
UNK: It's a text alert on a project Alexis has been working on.
Beckett : - I thought you guys weren't talking. - We're not.
UNK: Rather, she isn't.
Castle : So I insulted her boyfriend. What's the prison sentence on that?
Beckett : Castle, just give her some time. She'll get over it.
UNK: That's what you think.
UNK: Once, when she was three, I refused to buy her a candy bar.
UNK: She held her breath until she passed out.
UNK: You have no idea how determined she can be.
UNK: Alexis, we went through the case files like you asked.
UNK: I gotta say, nothing in there that says this guy's innocent.
Alexis : What about the swabs from Kim Tolbert's body
UNK: that we submitted to the New York trace lab for retesting?
Alexis : I mean, they've had them for weeks.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Well, we've been calling every day to move things along,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : but it's not in our jurisdiction.
Alexis : You don't understand.
UNK: A man's going to die in three days unless we do something.
Ryan : We do understand. There's just not much that we can do.
Esposito : What about your dad? Have you talked to him about this case?
Ryan : Yeah, maybe he'll spot something that no one else did.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: DOOR OPENS
UNK: Oh!
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: So...
Castle : You're here.
Alexis : I need your help.
Alexis : But just because I'm asking doesn't mean things are okay between us.
Alexis : I'm still mad at you, okay?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : What's up?
UNK: I've been working on this Innocence Review case
Alexis : with my Criminal Law professor.
Alexis : This guy is on death row