Castle : Sorry, sweetie. He lied.
Alexis : But it doesn't make any sense.
John : I know.
Castle : I wanted to believe him as much as you.
Alexis : No, I mean this report.
UNK: It says the back doorknob was totally clean.
Alexis : No prints, no nothing.
Alexis : So Frank couldn't have wiped it down.
Alexis : The shop rag Frank used was covered in grease from working on his car.
Alexis : They found traces of grease
Alexis : in other places where he wiped down his prints.
Alexis : But there's no mention of it on the doorknob.
Alexis : It isn't in the report.
UNK: Dad, if there wasn't any grease...
Castle : Then someone else was there,
Castle : wiped down the doorknob before Frank got there,
Castle : getting rid of their own prints.
Castle : Someone else was there that night.
Castle : Sweetie, you were right. Someone else killed Kim Tolbert.
Alexis : Yes, Professor. I understand.
Alexis : Okay, bye.
Castle : - What'd he say? - It's not enough.
Castle : But we know someone else wiped down the doorknob.
UNK: But he says he can't build a case based on evidence that isn't there.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: It's Beckett. Hey.
Becket : Hey, how's it going?
Castle : Not so good.
Castle : We'd be grasping at straws if we had any.
Beckett : Well, I might have one for you.
Beckett : I went to the trace lab last night.
Beckett : Their people wouldn't run your case evidence.
Beckett : But I found someone else that would.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Lanie Parish : It's Lanie. Put me on speaker.
Ryan : Yeah. Um...
Castle : You're on.
Lanie : Alexis, why on earth wouldn't you come to me directly?
Alexis : Lanie, I didn't know you could do...
Beckett : She convinced a contact at the lab to run evidence after hours.
Lanie : Now, we retested every swab taken from Kim's body 15 years ago.
Lanie : Everything listed in Pennsylvania's report came out in our report,
Lanie : with the exception of one thing.
Lanie : We found trace amounts of ammonium nitrate
Lanie : that their lab never picked up.
Lanie : Ammonium nitrate?
Lanie : It's an oxidizing agent commonly found
UNK: in cold packs, explosives, fertilizer.
Alexis : Fertilizer? Wait.
Maggie : Lyle Gomez. Kim's ex-boyfriend.
Alexis : He used to work at a gardening store.
Alexis : Dad, it's him. That's why he wouldn't speak with us.
Alexis : We have to go talk to him.
Beckett : Wait a minute. If you guys think someone out there's involved,
Beckett : then you need to get a hold of the police.
UNK: I don't think the police are gonna be of much help around here.
Beckett : Castle, if he's your killer, he's dangerous.
Beckett : I can't help you if something happens.
Castle : Look, Beckett, Frank Henson has two days to live.
Castle : This is our only lead.
Castle : What else are we supposed to do?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Now, odds are Lyle Gomez will not want to speak with us.
UNK: But I've got experience with guys like this,
UNK: so you just leave it to me.