UNK: Okay. "Okay"?
Cuddy : What am I supposed to say?
Jason : You're supposed to say no, it's not your job.
Jason : If you got a conflict here, if you have stakes in this
Jason : that you're not telling me about, then I can't trust you.
Cuddy : Got it. I'm okay.
Cuddy : Can you tell him I'm coming in now?
Jason : Who's taking the first dose?
House : Anybody here got a longstanding case of neuralgia
House : that's killed their nerves so this won't hurt at all?
Oliver : How bad does it hurt?
House : You're looking to be the hero?
Oliver : I've been beaten up a lot, and I can handle pain.
Regina : How old are you?
House : Guy's got a gun. I think that covers the parental consent issue.
Regina : And that stuff can also cause nerve and muscle damage.
UNK: Uh...
Bill : No way am I taking that crap. Come on.
House : You have to. It's the rules.
Thirteen : I'll do it.
House : This is a level of risk-taking
House : beyond anonymous girl-on-girl action.
Thirteen : They're patients, I'm a doctor.
House : With a degenerative, drug-unfriendly illness.
Thirteen : Everything's not some fascinating character flaw.
Larry : This is a genetic flaw.
House : This is your Huntington's speaking. This is you waving a white flag at the world.
Thirteen : Yes, I have a shortened lifespan.
Thirteen : Another reason why I'm objectively the right choice.
House : Wow, I would have laid money you had herpes.
House : Your turn. So, why are we here?
House : We've ruled out immediate risk of death, lost love.
House : That just leaves work.
House : You're defined by your work.
House : But you kept seeing doctors, kept missing time,
House : couldn't focus.
UNK: And you made a huge mistake, got fired.
Jason : I just want an answer.
House : I know. I'm asking why.
Taub : Guy knew he wasn't coming back.
UNK: Everything's laid out for us.
Taub : I'll check for toxins in the kitchen.
Kutner : He must have $6,000, $7,000 in unpaid medical bills.
Taub : I've got debt, too. You don't see me acting like a lunatic.
Kutner : There's no excuse for what he's doing,
UNK: but if you've got millions of people thousands of dollars in debt
Kutner : because they're sick, at least one of them is going to do something inexcusable.
Kutner : Especially if it works.
Foreman : White blood cell count's normal. It's not infection.
House : So either his heart is on the fritz, or he's got cancer.
UNK: I found a picture of his mom. She's got a droopy eye, fat face, thick neck.
Cameron : Classic signs of an upper-lobe tumor.
UNK: They're also classic signs of an adrenal problem.
Thirteen : It's his heart.
Jason : You can't be sure which... His neck, distended jugular.
House : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm going to try to strangle you faster than you can pull a trigger.
Thirteen : He needs to check your pulse.
House : It's racing, 160.
Thirteen : We need to get paddles.
Bill : Or maybe we could just do nothing.
Jason : If I get any weaker and they don't fix it, I'll shoot you.
Sandra : Don't! He didn't mean to...