Oliver : I'm sorry. I just got a lighter.
UNK: Slowly.
House : Hold it out as far as you can. Try to blow it out.
House : Decreased lung volume, heart palpitations, fatigue, stomach pain, intermittent rash...
UNK: Could be a hundred things.
House : You add on that final symptom and it can only be pulmonary scleroderma.
Jason : What final symptom? Those were all my symptoms.
House : Last one is the 16 doctors who missed it.
House : Simple alkylating agent, case solved. See you on visitor's day.
House : Crime scene.
Cuddy : House, what's going on in there? Is everyone all right?
House : About to be, assuming he's not lying.
House : But he seems like a pretty straight arrow to me.
House : I'm gonna need some propofol to prove that it's pulmonary scleroderma,
House : Have one of the guards bring it in. No, no guards, no cops.
Mitch : I'll go get it.
UNK: And no one's leaving.
Jason : She's not a cop. Dr. Cuddy brings in the drugs. Alone.
House : She might be armed. I'd have her deliver it shirtless.
House : Who is it?
Cuddy : Oh, God. House, maybe we should wait for the...
House : Guys with even bigger guns? Who know how to talk to armed...
Jason : Say goodbye or I shoot her.
UNK: Pull up your sleeve.
Jason : Give it to someone else first.
House : You're the only one who needs it.
Jason : Give it to someone else.
Jason : If it goes in okay, you can give a second dose to me.
Jason : I don't care who, but just pick someone.
House : Again, had your brilliant plan included a roomful of hostages
UNK: who don't have fetuses, bacterial and fungal infections,
House : leaving their immune systems too weak to deal with the metabolic strain,
UNK: or who are already on painkillers that have fatal interactions...
UNK: He's not on painkillers. I heard him tell her in the clinic.
Larry : Come on, man. Don't take it out on us.
Larry : You got a problem with doctors, take it out on the doctors. Give it to her.
House : She's sick. And you are a very large creep.
House : Take off your shirt.