House : but not the patient's, why?
Cameron : This guy's been on 50 different medications,
Cameron : maybe his kidneys should be failing, but something's protecting them.
House : I need to slap you for diagnostic purposes.
House : Seriously. If I was jerking you around, I'd say I need to kick you in the groin.
House : That twitch is Chvostek's sign. Don't ask me how Chvostek discovered it.
House : He has calcium deficiency.
House : Drugs that block calcium tend to shield against kidney damage.
Cameron : He's been on protein pump inhibitors for years, for his stomach pain.
House : Those drugs have been protecting his kidneys for years.
House : He has something that has a long incubation period,
House : something that should've wrecked his kidneys,
House : something that explains breathing problems, heart problems,
House : jumpy nerves and weak blood.
UNK: Leishmaniasis.
House : Would make perfect sense if our patient was an Arabian Bedouin.
UNK: Melioidosis.
UNK: Except that if you'd read the history,
House : you'd know that our patient has never been to a tropical climate.
Cameron : Is he absolutely sure of that? Mexico, Costa Rica... You've never been...
Jason : I've never been anywhere south of Florida.
House : You idiot.
Jason : Florida counts?
House : Not to the Supreme Court, but it's warm enough for germs.
House : You keep blaming doctors.
House : You can't even give a halfway-decent history.
Bowman : Negotiation's over.
House : It will be as soon as you get us three grams of ceftazidime.
Jason : You can have Dr. House.
House : Why are you getting rid of me?
Jason : I need to trade you for the answer.
House : You're gonna give her the meds. No.
Larry : Come on. Give them to me instead.
Jason : She's taken everything I've taken.
Jason : The combination of meds could knock me out.
House : Her kidneys are failing.
House : You give her those drugs, she'll be dead by the time they get the cuffs on you.
Jason : I need my answer.
House : Your obsession is gonna kill her!
House : Your obsession gave me back the gun.
House : It is pointless to give her those drugs,
House : even if they are screwing with you. This is your last diagnosis!
Jason : Only if you're right. House, get out of here.
Jason : Shut up, I'm not leaving.
Thirteen : Who's the martyr now?
Thirteen : Either the drugs kill me or he kills me. Doesn't seem to make a lot of difference.
Thirteen : You really don't feel bad about killing me?
Jason : Not if you don't feel bad about killing yourself.
Thirteen : I don't want to die. Yeah, you do.
Jason : You just don't have the nerve to actually do it.
Jason : You just want it out of your control. Well, it is. Because I've got a gun.