Jason : Close those blinds.
Jason : You, push the sofa in front of that door.
Jason : You, move that table in front of the other door.
UNK: Now! Okay!
UNK: Okay. We'll just move it. Okay.
UNK: Sandra's Husband : You don't have to point the gun, man. We're gonna do whatever you want.
House : No, we're not.
UNK: House.
House : That's a bathroom you're barricading. Might come in handy,
House : especially since you've cleverly decided to take a bunch of sick people hostage.
Jason : Do it!
Jason : My medical records. I need you to read them.
House : is the best way to get diagnosed?
House : I'm sure you've been waiting for hours in an uncomfortable chair,
House : but you should watch the movie all the way through.
Jason : I've been to 16 doctors in the last two years,
Jason : had three full-body CTs and two MRIs
Jason : seven blood panels, and one homeopathic consult.
House : And all that was missing was the threat of violence.
Jason : What's missing is an answer.
Jason : I can't breathe. I'm tired all the time.
Jason : I get skin rashes and heart palpitations and insomnia.
UNK: It's a cool constellation of symptoms. It could be something minor.
House : At least, compared to life in prison,
House : which is what you seem to prefer to seeing 16 more specialists.
Jason : Shut up and do your job.
UNK: Keep moving.
UNK: Keep moving.
Jason : You barely looked at the file.
House : No need.
House : Symptoms? Those are the things you keep whining about.
UNK: Tests? All negative or you wouldn't be here.
House : History? Shy, quiet kid, kept to himself,
House : collected comic books and missing children.
Bill : Excuse me. My wife feels sick to her stomach.
House : Next time pack some heat, maybe we'll look into it.
Sandra : I'll be okay.
House : If you ask me,
House : keeping an open line of communication is the best way to resolve conflict.
House : What kind of breathing problems?
Jason : Shortness of breath and sharp pain when I inhale.
House : So you figured your wife left you because you couldn't breathe, right?
House : Me, I rarely kidnap someone unless I got a serious health problem.
UNK: And since you're not almost dead, means you're armed
House : because you're blaming something other than your health on your health.
Jason : I've never been married.
House : Got a match? Why?
House : Because I'd rather not stand here
House : while you try and negotiate a hostage trade for an incentive spirometer.
House : I'll look in Cuddy's desk. Stay out of the desk.
House : Cuddy doesn't smoke, but he does. No, I don't.
House : Right, you just brush your teeth with coffee grounds.
Mitch : Look, sir, I've never smoked in my life, okay?
UNK: Jerk.
House : You figure that two people snuck weapons into the clinic today?