UNK: Or gal. Who knows?
UNK: James Wilson : All I can say is, this reeks of boldness.
UNK: Greg House : I am not hiring a team.
UNK: James Wilson : You ever tighten a guitar string really, really slowly?
UNK: James Wilson : Past the point it can handle the strain?
UNK: James Wilson : It makes this weird sound,
UNK: James Wilson : almost like a scream.
UNK: James Wilson : I thought this was gonna be fun.
UNK: James Wilson : I mess with you, you mess with me, eventually you give in.
UNK: James Wilson : But you've shown a startling lack of humor, which got me thinking.
UNK: Megan Bradberry : Oh, God.
UNK: James Wilson : What's the real reason you won't hire a team?
UNK: Greg House : I told you. I don't need a team.
UNK: James Wilson : Then hire three people and let them sit on their asses.
UNK: Greg House : That wouldn't be right.
UNK: James Wilson : Three years ago, you hired a team. What's changed?
UNK: Greg House : I've become a man of principle. I've gotten smarter.
UNK: Greg House : What answer will make Socrates shut up?
UNK: James Wilson : What's changed is, you hired a team.
UNK: James Wilson : You connected with a team, you worked with a team
UNK: James Wilson : and you lost a team.
UNK: Damn.
UNK: Greg House : There's no abnormalities in her pancreas.
UNK: James Wilson : You fall in love. You get married. 50% chance it'll end in misery.
UNK: James Wilson : Hiring employees can be even tougher,
UNK: James Wilson : because you know, eventually, they're gonna leave.
UNK: Greg House : There's increased T2 signal on her hepatic capsule,
UNK: Greg House : if you know what I mean.
UNK: James Wilson : You got hurt. Get over it.
UNK: Greg House : Now, if you'll excuse me,
UNK: my patient's about to start bleeding out of her mouth and anus.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Internal bleeding.
UNK: Greg House : Not anymore. Now it's all over the place.
UNK: Greg House : Why are you here?
UNK: Greg House : That's my patient down there.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : You're here because I'm here.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I am done enabling you.
UNK: Mrs. Bradberry : I know.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : The alcohol didn't cause the pancreatitis, the internal bleeding did.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : The question is, what caused the internal bleeding?
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : I hate myself.
UNK: Greg House : You do know that the patient had a building lying on her.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Four days ago.
UNK: Greg House : Bleeding can start at any time.
UNK: She's bleeding from five different sites.
UNK: Do you think they synchronized their watches?
UNK: Greg House : She got Warfarin after her hip surgery.
UNK: Greg House : It's designed to mess with bleeding patterns.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Fever, heart and bleeding.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Three problems, three completely different explanations.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : She must be the unluckiest woman in the world.
UNK: Greg House : I only cling to this crazy theory
UNK: Greg House : because it's been proven right every step of the way.
UNK: Greg House : Each treatment worked.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Yes. She looks perfectly healthy.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : This much bleeding is a symptom of something more.
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : And you need a team, because you're wrong
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : and you're gonna kill this woman.
UNK: Greg House : If I had a team, this patient would be dead,
UNK: Greg House : because they'd be here instead of me
UNK: Greg House : and they wouldn't notice the size of this woman's uterus.
UNK: Greg House : Hi. How's it going? Mind if I observe?
Surgeon : Got a big room up top with a big window just for that.
UNK: Greg House : Stop that.
Surgeon : You wanna look at vaginas, there are websites for that.
UNK: You think I'm made of money?
Surgeon : Can you get him out of here?
UNK: Greg House : Enlarged uterus means that she was recently pregnant.
UNK: Greg House : She's a good liar, but I doubt she can hide a baby from her boyfriend.
UNK: Greg House : Scraping in the uterus indicates that she had an abortion,
UNK: and nothing in her medical history.
UNK: Greg House : Only one reason to hide an abortion.
UNK: Greg House : Boyfriend wants babies, she doesn't.
Surgeon : She's bleeding everywhere.
Surgeon : Unless the guy was performing an abortion with a shotgun...
UNK: Lisa Cuddy : Stop enabling him.
UNK: Greg House : It's not the abortion, it's what she did after.
UNK: Greg House : The boyfriend would have noticed condoms,
UNK: Greg House : he would notice abstinence.
UNK: Greg House : He would not notice the pill,
UNK: which means I don't need a team!