Chase : None of the usual suspects.
Chase : Age isn't right, in apparent perfect health before this incident,
Chase : M.R.I. and PET scan negative for tumors. Test him again. It's gotta be cancer.
Foreman : Sorry I'm late. Car broke down on the interstate.
House : Don't believe you. CHEM-7 shows a poor kidney function.
UNK: Why would a guy in his 20s have a poor kidney function? - Cancer.
Cameron : It first attacks the bones, and then the kidneys.
House : Come on, people. He was 17 and 7. His E.R.A. was 2.1.
Cameron : You want it to be his kidneys, because if it's his kidneys, then maybe we can treat it, fix it.
Cameron : And if it's cancer, then he'll never pitch again.
UNK: If this were a regular guy who broke his arm lifting a box, you would've sent him home.
House : My God, you're right. I lost my head. All life is equally sacred.
House : I promise you. The next knitting injury that comes in here, we're on it like stink on cheese.
House : - He weighed 175 his rookie year. - Stop.
House : Now he's 195 after playing a year in Japan.
UNK: Why? He let himself go.
UNK: Steroids. The guy was a drug user. I'm sure he wouldn't have balked at pumping up through chemicals.
Chase : That'd explain the weight gain and the kidney problems.
House : And the bone loss. Go ask him what he's on.
House : When he says nothing, have him pee in a cup.
House : If your car breaks down, you're an hour late, not two minutes.
House : And two minutes isn't late enough to use a clever excuse like car trouble.
Foreman : I was coming in early. Huh.
House : Unprompted lies. That's a bad sign.
House : Either a guilty conscience, or something personal's going on.
House : See, that's all you had to do... Just walk in, sit down, do your job.
UNK: No. No, I never took 'em.
Chase : We're gonna need a urine sample.
Hank : Oh, no, you don't trust me.
Hank : Baby, I'm worried about takin' this morphine.
Lola : You're in pain.
Lola : The doses are monitored. It's not a slip.
Lola : Besides, opiates weren't your thing.
Hank : They should've been. Whoa.
Chase : Mr. Wiggen? The urine sample.
Hank : I wanna say no, so I am... no.