UNK: than I actually happen to find it interesting.
House : Four-year-old kid.
House : His kidneys died, they transfused, his lungs died, he died.
Wilson : I just got the Ed Wood box set.
House : What if the chicken was the egg?
House : What if the lung involvement came first?
Wilson : I don't really care about the movie,
Wilson : I just don't want to indulge your...
UNK: Lupus.
Wilson : Because this is a bad idea, House.
House : If the kid had a rash or some circulation issue...
UNK: Damn!
UNK: Sorry. Just realized I'm late for my anger management class.
Gene : Traffic, for sure.
Dixon : - Taxes. - Definitely taxes.
Lena : Spoiled grandchildren.
UNK: Platitudes.
Gene : Any others?
House : And I lose my temper when someone suggests
House : that a handful of pop-psych catchphrases
House : can control our most seminal, intractable
House : and natural reaction to a dead child.
House : Am I right, Emory?
Gene : I don't think Emory wants to share right now.
House : They blew it, didn't they? They missed your son's rash.
House : A faint one, on his cheek.
Emory : He didn't have a rash.
Emory : I think we should talk about Lena's grandchildren.
House : They're alive.
House : Was he sensitive to sunlight? No.
UNK: Greg. Cold fingers and toes'?
UNK: No!
House : Wegener's granulomatosis. I need to examine your son.
Emory : You're a bit late for that, you ass.
House : With you and your wife's consent,
UNK: we could get an exhumation order.
House : Find out what killed him.
Emory : Ex-wife and you'll never get her consent.
Emory : She's moved on, new hub, new kid.
Emory : She wants nothing to do with Drew's death.
Emory : Or me.
House : You're angry because your kid died.
House : More than that, because you don't have an answer.
House : People need answers.
Emory : He's in a crypt at St. Jude's Cemetery.
Adams : You feeling any pain or cramp in here?
Emory : A bit.
Iris : But not just there. Um...
UNK: Here.
Taub : Breast tenderness. Have you been having regular periods, Iris?
Iris : Not really.
Faye : What is it?
Emory : I think we should run a pregnancy test.
Faye : Iris isn't sexually active. She doesn't even have a boyfriend.
Adams : Pregnancy would explain all of her symptoms,
Adams : can even cause some unpredictable allergic reactions.
Iris : How can I be pregnant if I've never even had sex?
Adams : We just need to draw a bit of blood.
Taub : What's the matter?
Iris : My arms.
Iris : I can't feel my arms.
House : At this rate, I'm gonna need to pick out a plot for myself.
Milton : Thanks to your generous donation, you have all morning.
House : More like 13 minutes.
Milton : Before we proceed any further, Doctor, I'd like to inquire
Milton : as to exactly what procedure you intend to perform on the remains.
House : You ever heard of the North American Man Dead Boy Love Association?
Milton : I consider these grounds to be a holy place
Milton : and I would ask you to observe them with due decorum.
House : So you're taking bribes to plunder graves and I need to show respect.
House : I think they got the cause of death wrong
House : and if I find a hole in the cartilage of his nose, right about here,
House : then it means I'm right.
Milton : Please be respectful.
UNK: I have prepared the sarcophagus for you.
House : Thank you, Igor.
Milton : It's Milton.
House : You owe me a new pair of pants.
House : So she lost the use of her arms and her innocence.
UNK: A vengeful god or...
UNK: Vasculitis.
UNK: MS.
House : I gather from the silence that Chase isn't there.
UNK: No, I'm here. Where are you?