UNK: I screen tested it yesterday and shot it today.
Taub : You're a TV doctor?
Chase : It's a one-off. When did it air?
Chase : Two hours ago otherwise I'd still be lying.
Taub : This is what she was opening when she had her attack.
Taub : Will anyone believe Chase is an actual doctor?
Taub : "Don't count on it."
Chase : She does have a boyfriend.
Taub : Love letters.
Taub : - Porn? - The nasty kind.
Chase : Torture, rape, animals.
Taub : Sweet kid.
Emory : This is all that's left.
Emory : One box in the bottom of a closet.
Emory : He used to wear those stupid things all the time.
UNK: I used to have to pretend I was scared.
House : Made in the People's Republic of Lead Paint.
Emory : Back door.
UNK: Let's get out of here first. Need to catch the end of our class.
Iris : I met him at school.
Iris : He was the only boy that liked me.
Faye : It's a little more than like.
Iris : We haven't had sex.
Fay : Oh, come on, Iris, you're pregnant.
Iris : So I'm just lying about everything?
Faye : Well, you lied about the boyfriend,
Faye : you obviously lied about sex and this garbage.
UNK: They're his. He can't keep them at his place.
Faye : Well, I'm glad we could be so accommodating.
Faye : What else don't I know?
UNK: Honey.
Faye : What is it?
Iris : He came here last night, and he told me I should leave.
Iris : But I didn't want to and he got mad.
Faye : He hit you? Physical trauma.
Taub : Explains the negatives for the blood disorders.
Faye : We should call the police.
Iris : I won't tell them anything.
Faye : That's ridiculous, he beat you.
Faye : What is it?
Iris : It's getting hard to see.
Iris : What the hell is happening to me?
House : Rubbing alcohol, vinegar...
House : Not sure what this is.
Emory : Aren't there actual medical tests?
House : Dead patients usually get a lower standard of care.
House : Pink means lead, orange means mercury and rust means arsenic.
Emory : What's brown mean?
UNK: Scotch.
UNK: He used to call him Deezer.
Emory : He couldn't say "zebra."
UNK: Made up his own words for everything. We called them Drewisms.