Park : She was in a car accident when she was two.
Park : She only had minor injuries but her father died.
Taub : That was 12 years ago. You think that's pertinent?
Park : No, I think it's sad.
Park : She got sick in the middle of her 14th birthday party.
Park : Which is sad and pertinent.
Park : Maybe she was opening a present that triggered the reaction.
UNK: Where's House? Pissing contest with Foreman.
Adams : Last thing she ate was strawberry cake
Adams : but allergy tests for everything were negative.
Park : You like your dentist? I'm still going to my pediatric one.
Park : What's your dentist's name?
UNK: Williams.
UNK: But what if it's not an allergic reaction?
Adams : Hereditary angioedema or systemic
Adams : mastocytosis could mimic anaphylaxis.
Park : You're not sure of his name? You just saw him this morning.
UNK: The assistant's name is Angie her home number is...
Taub : Normal complement studies, no skin lesions.
Park : You had a manicure. This is fresh. You weren't at the dentist.
Park : Why would you lie about that?
Chase : To avoid having this conversation.
Adams : Elevated BP What about pheochromocytoma?
Taub : Or an anaphylactoid reaction, which could be triggered by certain opioids.
UNK: You've had your haircut three times since I've met you.
Park : You can't be embarrassed about a manicure.
UNK: There's got to be a deeper reason.
Chase : Did House give you homework?
Adams : She's not on any meds.
Taub : Haven't you heard? Everybody lies.
Adams : And the tox screen was clean.
Taub : Feel free to jump in at any time.
Chase : We'll check catecholamines for pheo
Chase : and run an expanded opioid panel.
Chase : You see what the patient says about
Chase : drug use when her mother's out of the room.
Iris : No. Never.
Adams : Nobody's here to bust you, Iris,
Adams : we just need to know if... No. I already told you.
Iris : I just take vitamin C sometimes.
Adams : What exactly were you doing when you had your reaction?
Iris : Opening a birthday present. The Magic 8-Ball.
Iris : The joke gift, not the cocaine. Is that it?
Taub : Certain drugs could explain her reaction.
Faye : What kind of drugs?
Taub : What kind did you have in mind?
Faye : Iris has always been a moody girl,
Faye : and now that she's a teenager, it's gotten worse.
Faye : So for the past few months, I've been giving something to relax her.
UNK: Diazepam. I tell her it's vitamin C.
Faye : Being normal is very important to Iris.
Faye : She couldn't handle the thought of being on meds.
Taub : Anti-anxiety medications would explain it.
Taub : If we keep her off, she'll be moody but healthy.
UNK: Or ifs something else.
House : A patient with you.
Wilson : I thought you had a team for that.
House : According to Foreman, they're only
House : for DDxing people who are still alive.
Wilson : You have a dead patient?
UNK: Bigotry is born when we add modifiers.
House : I don't see creed, color, pulse.
Wilson : Foreman will find out you're taking this case and he'll bust you.
Wilson : But you know that, which means...
Wilson : You want to go back to jail
Wilson : because it's the one place
Wilson : you're unable to indulge your self-destructive habits.
House : Yeah. It's much more likely that I'm taking this case
House : because I miss showering with Cro-Magnons,