Mandy : take off grandma's scarf.
Alexis : I have something else in mind. CLEARS THROAT
Alexis : So she was like, "Can you believe it?"
UNK: - And I was like, "No way!" - GASPS
Alexis : I am so sorry. Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alexis : Oh, Sam, right? Could I please get her another drink?
Alexis : Oh, and there's someone here to see you.
UNK: Mandy? Oh, my God, girl, is that you?
Alexis : Can we talk somewhere more private?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, meet me over there.
Sam : Yo, I am so glad that you're okay. You had me worried.
Sam : I saw those pictures of you and Jesse,
Sam : the next thing you know, everybody's saying you're dead.
Mandy : What made you think I wasn't?
Sam : That clip on the news,
UNK: the one of the limo dropping "you" off at your building last night.
Sam : Except that girl wasn't you.
Alexis : How could you tell?
Sam : 'Cause that same girl was in here last night,
Sam : wearing the same thing she had on as when she got out of that limo.
Mandy : Wait a second. Claire was here last night?
Castle : Yeah, yeah, I think that's what her name was.
Alexis : You talked to her?
UNK: Yeah, she came in looking for me.
Sam : She heard I was friends with Mandy. She wanted her private number.
Mandy : What for?
Sam : She was trying to reach you
Sam : because she thought someone was trying to hurt you.
UNK: Who?
Sam : She didn't say, but she got way mad when I wouldn't give her your number.
UNK: Yeah. Man, I thought this girl was nuts, you know, a crazy fan or something?
UNK: Then she asked me how she can get in touch with Jesse.
UNK: Jesse? What does he have to do with this?
Esposito : I don't know,
Sam : but she was pretty hot to talk to him, too,
Sam : so I called Jesse, and I put him on with her.
Alexis : What'd she say?
UNK: I didn't hear. But she was pretty upset.
Sam : And since she ended up dead, I thought you should know.
WOMAN : Hey, Sam.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: Hey, uh, wait here a second. People getting thirsty over there.
Alexis : I don't get it. Did Claire know Jesse?
Mandy : I don't know. I didn't think she did.
UNK: Well, there's only one way to find out. I'm calling Jesse.
Alexis : Wait. He could be involved.
Alexis : And if Claire thought someone was trying to kill you,
Alexis : do you really think it's a good idea to call...
UNK: Anybody ever tell your friend that she looks like Mandy Sutton?
Alexis : Yeah, she gets that all the time.
Alexis : It's a shame what happened to Mandy, isn't it?
UNK: Girl 2 : Hey, that is Mandy! Oh, my God. Mandy Sutton is alive!
Beckett : There's still no word on Jesse's whereabouts.
Esposito : Same with Mandy. But get this,
Esposito : when I called the limo company to see if she ordered up a ride
Esposito : from her hotel tonight, they said she didn't,
UNK: but they told me I wasn't the only guy asking that question.
Beckett : Someone else called?
UNK: Yeah, some guy who said that he was with her management company.
Esposito : But I checked. No one there made that call.
UNK: Jesse.
Esposito : Maybe he found out that she was still alive.
Beckett : Looks like everyone just did.
UNK: WOMAN ON TV : That Mandy Sutton, presumed dead, may actually be alive.
Newscaster : Mandy was reportedly just spotted at trendy downtown nightspot,
UNK: The Raptor Lounge.
Beckett : And now he knows where to find her.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
MAN : Hello?
Jesse : Yeah. Where?
UNK: ENGINE STARTS
UNK: We gotta get her out of there.
Esposito : Yeah, I'll send a car to pick her up.
UNK: WOMAN ON TV : And we have some footage from The Raptor Lounge
Newscaster : shot just moments ago
Newscaster : and posted by one of our viewers.
UNK: - Uh, Castle? Isn't that... - That's...
Castle : Alexis? What is she doing there?
MANDY : Yes, I am alive.
UNK: - CELL PHONE RINGS - Now, don't trample me to death!
UNK: - ALL SHOUTING - RINGING CONTINUES
ALEXIS : We have to get out of here. This way, come on!
UNK: CROWD SHOUTING
UNK: I'm gonna call my dad.
Mandy : Let's get out of here first.
Jesse : Speak of the devil and she appears.
Mandy : I need to talk to you.
Jesse : Yeah, same here. Get in.
Alexis : I'm not so sure that's a good idea.
Jesse : Get in. Both of you.
UNK: ENGINE TURNS OFF
Alexis : Get out.
Jesse : Out! Now! Get over here.
Mandy : Sorry I dragged you into this.
Jesse : I want answers.
Mandy : Answers about what?
Jesse : Someone is messing with me and I know you're involved somehow.
Mandy : I don't know what you're talking about.
Jesse : Don't lie to me!
Alexis : Guys, let's just calm down, okay? I'm sure we can talk this out.
Jesse : - Shut up! - MANDY : Hey.
Mandy : Jesse, look at me.
UNK: I made a mistake, okay?
Mandy : If you thought whatever happened
UNK: the other night between us meant that we were getting back together,
Alexis : I'm sorry, but that's not what's gonna happen.
Jesse : You know that wasn't you the other night in that photo!
UNK: What?
Alexis : If it wasn't her, then who was it?
Jesse : It was that chick, Claire.
UNK: I got paid 25 grand to show up and suck face with her
UNK: for a couple minutes.
Jesse : You're telling me that you really don't know?
Mandy : No! I was messed up that night. I don't remember anything.
Mandy : I don't even remember getting messed up.
Alexis : Maybe you didn't.
UNK: Maybe somebody drugged you so you wouldn't remember.
MANDY : And then I would see the photos and assume that it was me?
Mandy : Jesse, how could you do that to me?
Jesse : This ain't about you. Not anymore.
UNK: What happened, Mandy? Hmm? Who killed Claire?
UNK: I don't know. And what do you care?
UNK: I care 'cause the cops are trying to pin it on me!
UNK: Someone must've seen me in the alley that night.
Mandy : Wait a minute, you were there? When Claire was killed?
Jesse : I had to talk to her.
UNK: Now, we were supposed to get another 25 grand for staging that photo
UNK: if we kept our mouths shut when the story ran.
UNK: Only bitch got a conscience, felt bad about everything she had done.
UNK: Especially 'cause the pictures broke up you and whatshisname, Zach.
Jesse : She just had to set things right.
Alexis : That's why she was trying to get in touch with you last night.
Jesse : She called me and said she was going over to your place to tell you everything.
Jesse : Only that means I'm not gonna get my money.
Jesse : So I go over there to talk her out of it. That's it!
Jesse : And when I get there, she's dead.
ALEXIS : Jesse, if you didn't kill Claire, then put the gun down.