Beckett : did you have any fights or did you upset anyone?
UNK: Probably.
UNK: SIGHS I'm a little hazy on the details.
UNK: INHALES DEEPLY Okay.
UNK: Okay, that it?
Beckett : Yeah, for now.
Beckett : In the meantime, you should probably go back to the hotel
Beckett : and lay low in your room.
Marilyn : Shouldn't we make an announcement? Let everyone know that she isn't dead?
UNK: Well, you know what, if someone was trying to kill her,
UNK: it might be safer to let them assume that they've actually succeeded
Beckett : while we're still doing our job.
UNK: MRS. SUTTON : How long? She starts a tour next week.
Marilyn : And as her manager, I can't imagine
UNK: that it's gonna help ticket sales if everyone thinks she's dead.
UNK: Yeah, wouldn't wanna screw up the big comeback tour.
Marilyn : Sweetie, you've worked really hard on those new songs.
UNK: We're talking about staying out of sight for a day, maybe less.
Beckett : Hopefully by then we'll have a lead
UNK: that'll help us figure out who's behind this.
Ryan : Uh, Beckett, I might have an idea about that.
Ryan : We found this anonymous letter in her fan mail.
UNK: "I'm watching you. And I don't like what I see."
Mandy : Yeah, well, get in line.
UNK: Guys, look around. I get letters from creepazoids all the time.
Ryan : But in addition to the letter, he also included these.
Mandy : Oh, my God! That's my bedroom! While I was sleeping!
Marilyn : Your building is supposed to be secure. How did he get in?
Beckett : That's inkjet paper.
Beckett : - So? - So we might be able to track it.
UNK: How?
Beckett : Most people don't know this, but the serial number of the printer
Beckett : that was used to make these photographs
Beckett : is actually embedded into the picture.
Ryan : It's printed in tiny little yellow dots invisible to the naked eye.
Ryan : It's an FBI thing used to track counterfeiters.
UNK: EXHALES DEEPLY Okay, I don't feel so hot.
Beckett : You know, I think someone needs a cup of coffee.
UNK: GURGLING
UNK: HISSES
Doorman : All right, here is your four-shot latte.
UNK: How you feeling?
Mandy : Considering I'm supposed to be dead, about right.
UNK: Yeah. CHUCKLES
Mandy : I just can't believe that freak was actually in my bedroom.
UNK: Yeah, we'll find him.
UNK: Yeah, I know how tough it can be.
Castle : The crazy fans, the constant scrutiny,
Castle : the pressure of living your life under a microscope.
Castle : I mean, I can relate.
Castle : On a smaller scale, of course. But still it's...
UNK: And who are you?
Castle : On a much smaller scale.
Alexis : Dad, there you are.
UNK: Hey, Alexis. What are you doing... The letter for Pi!
UNK: I just am about to... Just gonna make a few tweaks.
Alexis : You haven't written it.
UNK: Not all... Not yet.
Alexis : I thought you might need some help.
Alexis : So I came up with some talking points for you.
Castle : Oh, good. Okay, um... "Outstanding person, natural leader."