Castle : But no more excuses. I'm gonna do it right now.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : Unless that's a murder.
Harvey : This is Harvey Stryker with Celebgazer. Com.
Harvey : We're getting unconfirmed reports that pop diva Mandy Sutton is dead at 22.
Castle : Mandy Sutton? Oh, no!
Castle : Alexis used to love her kids' show, Mandy Melody.
Castle : She was a regular teen by day and a crime-fighting pop star by night.
UNK: But no one recognized her at school because she wore glasses.
UNK: Well, it looks like she could've used that trick in real life.
Beckett : I mean, look at this. No wonder she was such a mess.
Harvey : Detective, can you confirm for us that Mandy Sutton's dead?
UNK: Uh-uh.
UNK: Can you give us any details about how she died?
UNK: I got to go, I got work to do. Sorry.
Harvey : Hey, Richard Castle.
Harvey : Is it true that you're getting back together with your ex-wife?
Castle : This isn't about me today.
Beckett : Castle, how come you didn't deny it?
Castle : You mean back there? Are you kidding?
Castle : Yeah, if I deny that, then they think it's true.
UNK: I thought that stuff didn't bother you.
UNK: It doesn't. Hey.
UNK: So Mandy lived in this building?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Yeah, penthouse. Doorman found her just before 6 : 00 this morning.
UNK: OD?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Given her lifestyle, you'd think. But this is plain old-fashioned murder.
UNK: Blunt-force trauma to the back of the head.
UNK: Lanie Parish : The facial lacerations probably happened with the fall.
Beckett : Okay, when did this happen?
Lanie : Lividity puts it between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
Javier : Well, we can cut that time frame in half.
Javier : The doorman said that the limo dropped her off at the lobby
UNK: last night at 10 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : She was killed within an hour of returning home?
Castle : What was she doing back here?
Esposito : Doorman didn't know.
Esposito : But he said that she uses that door sometimes
Esposito : when she wants to avoid the crowd.
UNK: So maybe she was sneaking out or meeting someone?
UNK: If so, it was probably someone she knew.
Ryan : Gates are locked on both sides. You need an access code to get in.
Beckett : Is there any security cam footage we can pull?
Ryan : Not back here.
Castle : Ironic, seeing as how she spent her entire life in front of cameras.
BECKETT : Paparazzi was out front last night.
Beckett : Let's see if we can get copies of their photos.
Beckett : Whoever was behind this might've been in that crowd.
Beckett : And no talking to the press, not until we know what's going on.
WOMAN : Where is she?
UNK: - Oh, my God, Mandy. Mandy! - ESPOSITO : Ma'am.
Esposito : This is a crime scene. You can't be back here.
Kelly : You don't understand. I'm her personal assistant.
Esposito : You still can't be back here.
Beckett : But we will need to take you to the station to get a statement.
Beckett : Do you have contact information for her next of kin?
UNK: That would be her manager. I mean, her mother.
WOMAN : How did this happen?
UNK: Marilyn Sutton : What was she even doing in that alley?
UNK: Do you know of anyone that would've wanted to harm your daughter?
UNK: SIGHS Yeah.
UNK: A lot of people disliked her, who she became,
UNK: her provocative clothes and dancing.
Marilyn : They just wanted her to be Mandy Melody forever.
Castle : Had she received any threats recently?
Kelly : Sure, she'd get some disturbing letters.
Kelly : But any that were too aggressive, we'd turn over to the security firm.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna need to see all of those letters.
Beckett : Now, do you know if she was planning on meeting with anyone
Beckett : at her apartment last night?
Marilyn : We hadn't spoken to her in two days.
Castle : She was missing?
Marilyn : No, we knew where she was.
Kelly : It wasn't hard to track her on the social media and gossip sites.
Kelly : She was partying pretty hard.
UNK: For the past few months, Mandy had been doing really great.
UNK: She stayed clean since her last stint in rehab.