Castle : How's the case coming?
Beckett : Well, we got a description of the motorcycle that left the crime scene.
Beckett : And Tech's trying to get a plate off of traffic cam footage, but so far no luck.
UNK: Our luck just changed. We got the son of a bitch.
UNK: We found a shop that outfitted a red Ducati 800
Esposito : with gold wheels and a flame decal for one Josh Greenberg.
Beckett : Is that our guy?
Esposito : Josh Greenberg had a slight liquidity problem,
Ryan : so he sold that bike three days ago for cash to...
Ryan : this guy.
Castle : Jesse Jones, Mandy's ex.
Beckett : So he lied to us. He was in that alley.
Beckett : All right, bring him in.
Ryan : We already sent a car over to his place. He's not there.
Esposito : Mandy might be able to help out. She probably knows his hangouts.
Beckett : All right, go.
ALEXIS : The thing about my boyfriend is,
UNK: I thought I was being so grown-up.
Alexis : Moving in with him, getting my own place,
Alexis : but now, it's my whole life.
Alexis : And I'm pretty sure I've made a huge mistake.
Alexis : Do you know why I'm helping him with his grant application?
Alexis : Because if he gets it, he'll have to travel.
Mandy : That is messed up. You need to tell him.
Alexis : Tell him what?
Alexis : That I changed my mind? I don't want a relationship?
Alexis : We have a lease!
Mandy : That's romantic.
Alexis : And he doesn't deserve it. He hasn't done anything wrong.
Alexis : And then there's my dad.
Alexis : What do I tell him, huh?
Alexis : That he was right all along?
Alexis : That I wasn't ready? FORCED LAUGH
UNK: I wish I would've said that. SIGHS
Mandy : I wasn't ready for so many things.
Alexis : Do you ever look back on something you've done,
UNK: and it's like someone else is doing it?
Mandy : You're kidding, right?
UNK: Right.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Sorry, I haven't had anyone to talk to.
UNK: Clearly.
UNK: SIGHS
Mandy : Be true to yourself. That's what Zach would say.
Mandy : And if a situation is bad for you, leave it.
Mandy : That's what we were going to do and that's what you should do, too.
UNK: - CHUCKLES - CELL PHONE ALERT CHIMES
Alexis : Mandy, is someone texting you?
Mandy : Weird, since I'm supposed to be dead.
Mandy : Oh, it's my friend Sam.
UNK: "Pretty sure you're not dead. Need to talk about girl who died.
UNK: "Something you need to know"?
UNK: DIALING
UNK: Wait. What are you doing?
Mandy : Calling him.
Alexis : But you're supposed to be laying low.
Alexis : No one's supposed to know you're alive.
Mandy : He already knows I'm alive.
Alexis : He thinks you're alive.
UNK: He might be trying to find out for sure. And what if it's not Sam?
Alexis : It could be the killer trying to lure you out.
Mandy : Would you relax? It's Sam's number, okay?
Mandy : And he's not answering, which means he's probably bartending.
Mandy : - That place he works is really loud. - PHONE BEEPS
Mandy : I have to go see him.
Alexis : You can't go out. What if someone sees you?