Alexis : We can go to the police together and figure this out.
UNK: - I promise they'll help. - You're trying to confuse me!
Jesse : You shut up before I do something...
UNK: SIRENS WAILING
UNK: - RYAN : Drop the gun right now, Jesse! - Drop that gun, Jesse!
RYAN : Show us! Show us your hands! Down! Now! Now!
Alexis : - Dad. - Hey.
Castle : It's okay. It's over.
Castle : If Jesse's story is true, then Claire was about to reveal
UNK: that those photos were fake and someone killed her for it.
Beckett : So maybe Claire Samuels was the intended target after all.
Castle : If Jesse's story is true.
UNK: That's a big "if".
UNK: All right, thanks, Bill.
Esposito : So, Jesse was telling the truth about this much.
UNK: He deposited $25,000 cash in his bank account five days ago.
Beckett : Any more on who paid him?
UNK: No, he got a typewritten note that told him when to meet Claire at the bar,
Ryan : and where to find the money at a dead drop.
Castle : Why would someone pay that much money
Castle : to stage a photo in the first place?
Beckett : And what was so important about it that someone would kill Claire
UNK: in order to keep it from being exposed as a fake?
Esposito : I don't know. But I can think of someone who might.
Castle : Guys, did Jesse tell you where in the club that photo was taken?
Esposito : Somewhere in the back, hidden from view.
Esposito : Couldn't be any witnesses or the gag wouldn't have worked.
Beckett : So that photographer didn't just happen to be there.
Beckett : He was in on it.
CASTLE : So who's the photographer?
UNK: James Lockhart? How you doing?
UNK: NYPD. We gotta ask you some questions, bro.
UNK: Now, listen, you guys come back a little later?
Alexis : Excuse me?
UNK: There's an actress in this cafe, Reese Wellingford.
James : I've been waiting an hour for her to come out.
Esposito : Listen, fool, this is a criminal investigation.
UNK: Who paid you to take those pictures you sold to the Celebgazer?
Ryan : The ones with Jesse Jones and the girl who wasn't Mandy Sutton.
James : - Nobody paid me. - ESPOSITO : Oh, really?
Esposito : So you just ended up in that back room in that bar when those two hooked up?
UNK: Yep, just lucky, I guess. Here she is.
UNK: - SHUTTER CLICKING - Where? I don't even... Is she over...
UNK: - RYAN : Where is it? - I don't even see her.
UNK: Am I in the way? You can't...
RYAN : Hey. ESPOSITO : There she goes.
UNK: Oh, no. She got in a cab.
James : All right, look, I got a tip, okay?
James : They said show up at such and such time, go in the back.
James : I got a few shots before security threw me out.
Esposito : So who gave you that tip?
James : I can't tell you that.
Esposito : I thought we were cool.
UNK: Come on, you think I'm gonna rat out my sources? This is my livelihood.
UNK: How do you think your livelihood's gonna go with me and my boy here
Esposito : - following you around all day? - SIGHS
UNK: Harvey Stryker from Celebgazer. Com tipped him off?
Castle : He didn't just run that photo on Celebgazer,
Castle : - he set the whole thing up. - ESPOSITO : But why?
Esposito : Doesn't this dirtbag have enough scandals to report on
Esposito : without having to make up his own?
Castle : Because it wasn't just about the one scandal.
Castle : For years, Mandy has been drawing millions of eyeballs to Celebgazer
Castle : with her public meltdowns, her drunken escapades,
UNK: the trips to rehab.
UNK: But in the past few months,
Ryan : she calmed down, got her life back in order.
Castle : Because of Zach, which was no good for business.
Castle : So Harvey staged the photo,
Castle : turns Mandy back into the train wreck that he grew to love and exploit.
Esposito : And it worked, too. Until Claire was gonna ruin it all
Esposito : by calling the photo out as a hoax, destroying Harvey's reputation.
Castle : And that's why Harvey was at the apartment.
Castle : He wasn't waiting for Mandy. He was waiting for Claire.
Castle : He was waiting to silence her.
Harvey : Fake? No, no, no, no. Celebgazer.com doesn't do fake.
Castle : And yet, you ran that one.
Beckett : Come on, Harvey. We know you set the whole thing up.
Beckett : You paid Jesse, then you paid Claire.
UNK: I didn't pay anyone. And who's Claire?
Beckett : The girl in the photo.
Beckett : The one that you killed right after she threatened to expose you?
Esposito : Wait a minute. I had nothing to do with any of this.
Beckett : So, then how did you get that photo?
Harvey : I bought it from a freelancer.
Beckett : We spoke with him. He said that you sent him to that bar.
Beckett : Which means you knew Claire and Jesse were there.
Beckett : How did you know?
Harvey : The same way I always know.
Harvey : I was tipped.
UNK: Do you actually expect us to believe that?
Harvey : It's true, I swear. I remember exactly when it happened.
Harvey : They called my cell. I can show you.
Esposito : Yo. That phone call Harvey got came from a burner phone, paid for with cash.
Beckett : So they were covering their tracks.
UNK: Yeah, only they didn't do a very good job of it.
Ryan : They forgot to disable the GPS.
Esposito : We were able to track the GPS data.
Esposito : That phone was in the alley
Esposito : behind Mandy's building the night of the murder.
Castle : So then whoever bought that phone is our killer.
Beckett : Thank you for coming in.
Beckett : We just wanted to keep you up to date on the investigation.
UNK: So there's been a development?
Beckett : Yes, we have a lead.
UNK: We've identified the cell phone of the person that set up that fake photo.
Beckett : And we believe the same person killed Claire Samuels.
Mandy : Who is it?
Castle : Well, actually, it was a burner phone.
Esposito : A burner phone? So it's not traceable.
CASTLE : Normally, it wouldn't be.
Castle : But the person who bought this phone made one crucial mistake.
Castle : They didn't get rid of it when they were done.
Castle : Matter of fact, it's still on right now.
UNK: DIALING
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
Beckett : - Mom? - CELL PHONE RINGS