Cuddy : Any idea why we're getting half as many requests for you as usual?
UNK: Democrats' health care plan?
Cuddy : At least we have one case that looks intriguing.
Cuddy : 30-year-old fitness trainer suddenly can't breathe,
Cuddy : collapses and breaks her ankle.
Cuddy : That's it? You're not gonna argue why this case is beneath you?
House : No point, I'm in an elevator. I can't run away.
Cuddy : You can't run away anyway.
House : That's just mean.
House : Why are we still together?
Cuddy : We are going to our office.
House : Pronoun confusion, starts kicking in once you pass the childbearing age.
UNK: Now that's just mean. My office was recently destroyed.
Cuddy : I thought I'd use the office of the doctor directly responsible.
House : I think the patient holding the gun to my head
House : was actually the one directly responsible.
Cuddy : My desk won't fit in his cell. You can use our outer office.
House : Where's Foreman and Thirteen?
Taub : Down in the GRC.
Taub : Thirteen started her clinical trials today.
Kutner : What's Cuddy doing in your office?
House : Other than throwing off the feng shui
House : with her ass that faces all eight sides of the Bagua at once?
Cuddy : These walls aren't soundproof.
House : I'm well aware.
House : Normal CT means that her lung problem
House : has the distinction of having nothing to do with her lungs.
Taub : Steroids. No one looks this fit without cheating.
Taub : Anabolic steroids hack away at the immune system,
Taub : left her open to a pulmonary infection.
House : Wow. Muscles and curves. My penis is so confused.
Kutner : She's not on steroids.
Kutner : Her program's all about getting in shape naturally,
Kutner : exercising, eating right.
Taub : And you know this because?
Kutner : She has infomercials to sell her DVDs.
Kutner : What? I'm up late a lot.
House : And you actually believe what you see on TV? Go run the labs.
Cuddy : The labs are back and there's no sign of steroid use.
Cuddy : Can someone please read her file?
Cuddy : Can someone please stop back seat differential-ating?
Kutner : What about allergies?
Kutner : She goes jogging every morning, inhales car fumes during rush hour.
Cuddy : Perfect, except that she was jogging half a mile from the nearest road.
Cuddy : In the cold.
Cuddy : Cold air hits the lungs, sets off an attack, exercise-induced asthma.
House : Nice try, except EIA doesn't account for the elevated BP.
House : If you'd read the file...
Emmy : Come on, before the shrieking harpy melts my brain.
Taub : Her BP's fine. I know.
UNK: Exercise-induced asthma actually fits.
House : I know. You know. She can't know.
Taub : The only good way to test for EIA
Taub : is to recreate the conditions in which the attack occurred.
Taub : But we can't exactly make her run out in the cold on a broken ankle.
House : Get creative.