Deedee : Joint pain and fatigue thanks to these.
Kutner : I'm sure it's nothing.
UNK: Oh, now this.
Kutner : He's actually downstairs.
Taub : Gone. Gone for the day.
Taub : But we work for him, we can set you up in the ER.
Taub : The antibiotics will make her feel better, she's out of here by morning.
Kutner : If it is a staph infection. It's gotta be.
Taub : She has sleeves of tattoos and piercings from God knows where.
Taub : She has muscle weakness, could indicate myasthenia gravis.
House : I had the weirdest dream, you guys did the test in a reasonable amount of time
House : and came back here before I had time to fall asleep.
House : You guys still smell that?
Kutner : Maybe you should just let her have your office?
UNK: Or...
House : She sends one of yours to the hospital,
House : send one of hers to the morgue.
House : It's not myasthenia gravis,
House : her breathing's improving and the weakness is in her extremities.
Kutner : Could be a botulinum reaction.
Taub : I don't think sabotaging your boss' office is a wise counterattack.
House : All that is needed for evil to succeed is for good men to do nothing.
Kutner : She probably used a lot of Botox to tighten up her skin.
UNK: True. Could also be any kind of heavy metal toxicity.
House : PSP or arsenic from eating too much seafood,
House : cadmium from bad bottled water,
House : lead or nickel from canned fruits or natural grains.
Taub : I don't think replacing that was part of the renovation plans.
UNK: It is now.
UNK: Lucky for us, we can treat all those toxins with the same thing, chelation.
Foreman : You never showed up.
Thirteen : Get out of my house.
Foreman : I wanted to find proof that you were slipping back into your self-destructive pattern,
Foreman : confirm you weren't worth my time.
Foreman : Instead I found this.
UNK: You've followed all of my instructions to the letter,
Foreman : probably better than any patient I have.
Foreman : So why are you the only one who can't show up for appointments?
Thirteen : I came down right after I was finished with House.
Thirteen : You were in your office with another patient.
Thirteen : And there was another patient in the waiting room.
UNK: Janice.
UNK: I'm well aware of what's going to happen to my body over the next eight to 10 years.
Thirteen : I do not need a visual reminder every time I walk into that place.
Foreman : That's understandable.
Foreman : It's human.
Foreman : And you need to get over it.
Foreman : Now, you show up on time tomorrow or you don't show up at all.
UNK: Mr. Hadley : Your mom is leaving. You're gonna regret this the rest of your life.
Taub : The chelation didn't work, her muscles are still deteriorating.
Taub : Why aren't we doing this in your office?
House : Obviously because it would be stupid to do this in an office with no furniture.
House : Cuddy overreacted to my overreaction.
Thirteen : Coronaro-cardiac fistula. Even a small hole could cause...
UNK: They start in the lungs, not the heart.
House : And why are you leaning on a 45 degree angle away from Foreman?
Thirteen : I'm sitting straight.
House : Trouble in the Land of False Hope?
Foreman : Everything is fine. Austrian syndrome.
House : Nice deflection, but our patient doesn't drink, she's a health nut.
House : And even if I was a cynical guy and thought she was a liar,
House : I would have done a tox screen which would've come back negative for alcohol.
House : You should come to these gatherings more often,
House : keep you from looking like an idiot.
House : You making book or did something else happen to our patient?
UNK: Personal. I'll put it on vibrate.
UNK: Guillain-Barré.
Taub : Usually starts as a muscle pain patients compare to the pain of over-exercising.
House : So who's paging you? Your wife?
House : Does it worry you that she paged Kutner first?
Foreman : Guillain-Barré fits, patient didn't notice the initial symptoms
Foreman : because it's no different than how she feels every day.
Foreman : Her muscle weakness is the precursor to full paralysis.
Taub : Gastric bypass probably set it off.
House : At what price beauty? Go start her on plasmapheresis.