Kutner : Nothing in the bile duct.
Taub : And by "set it up in his name," you mean?
Kutner : I mean, it's Dr. Gregory House's Second Opinion Clinic
Kutner : with medical advice direct from Dr. Gregory House.
Taub : You're insane. With two days to live.
UNK: House's never gonna find out.
Taub : He will if I tell him.
Taub : Or you cut me in for 30%, and I keep your secret safe.
Kutner : That's blackmail.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Moving into the... Whoa.
Kutner : That's her stomach? It's the size of a shot glass.
Taub : Because our patient's a big, fat cheater.
House : Subtle. No way you geniuses could have spotted this.
Taub : Gastric bypass surgery, she had her stomach stapled,
Taub : then had the records from her files pulled so it wouldn't ruin her DVD sales.
Cuddy : Can you do this outside?
House : I could. But that would defeat the purpose of doing it here.
House : Where are the smart guys?
Taub : If you mean Foreman and Thirteen,
Taub : apparently the first appointment of the drug trial is an all-day thing.
House : I said yes to this?
Kutner : Her gastric bypass procedure could cause...
House : Forget the bypass, treat her like a fat girl.
Taub : Should we treat her like a 60-year-old Asian man, too?
Taub : She's not fat.
House : Not on the outside, but on the inside she's still tons of fun.
Kutner : When she was obese, she probably had Type 2 diabetes,
UNK: could have left her with permanent nerve damage.
House : Ten points for doing what I said, minus ten points for doing it badly.
House : If this was diabetes-induced nerve damage, it would've kicked in years ago.
House : Have you seen my balls?
Cuddy : Can you hold on a second?
House : My balls. Have you seen my balls? The giant one and the red one.
Cuddy : Your plan isn't going to work.
House : Of course it is.
House : I try to make you miserable to make you leave.
House : You deny that it's making you miserable,
House : you try to make me miserable so I'll stop making you miserable.
House : And eventually you will leave, citing reasons that have nothing to do with misery.
Cuddy : You're not bothering me.
House : Step one, complete.
Cuddy : I'm gonna call you from my cell. And then I will come back in here.
Cuddy : Hey. Yeah, I just had to explain to him that I had his balls,
Cuddy : and he's not getting them back. Excuse me.
Kutner : Sleep apnea explains...
House : Apnea would've disappeared when she shrank.
Taub : Not if it destroyed the musculature of her trachea.
Kutner : Apnea cuts off oxygen to the brain, the resulting neurological damage...
House : She been snoring?
Taub : She didn't mention it.
House : Did she mention feeling tired after a full night's sleep?
Kutner : No, but... - This isn't apnea.
House : And this is a stupid room to be doing a DDX in.
House : Cliff notes. Gastric bypass only makes her skinny on the outside.
House : On the inside we have heart and lung issues not caused by heart and lung issues.
Foreman : Private area, House. It can wait.
Thirteen : You need to consider side-effects from her gastric bypass surgery.
House : Forget the bypass.
House : Let the dying girl finish.