Taub : I bought it. I bought that it was really about
Emmy : trying to make people's lives a little better.
Kutner : You're surprised she's superficial?
Kutner : You're a plastic surgeon. This is the human condition.
Taub : No, she's a freak.
Kutner : Every time you put someone under to bob their nose,
Emmy : you were risking their life.
UNK: What?
Kutner : No singing. She's better.
Kutner : No one was supposed to let my patient leave her bed.
Emmy : She had a respiratory arrest,
Nurse : we coded her nearly 20 minutes, but she didn't make it.
Cuddy : House is an unemotional child incapable of intimacy or romance.
Cuddy : Trust me. It's done.
Cuddy : It's perfect.
Wilson : I like the desk. A lot of character.
Cuddy : That's not the one I ordered.
Cuddy : This is my desk from med school.
Wilson : You have it in storage or something?
Cuddy : My mom did.
Wilson : That was sweet of her to do that.
Taub : She didn't. My mom has no idea I'm redoing my office.
Thirteen : I lied to you the other night.
Thirteen : That woman in the waiting room, she didn't freak me out about my future.
Thirteen : She freaked me out about my past.
Foreman : Your mother.
UNK: Must have been horrible watching her die.
Thirteen : I wanted her to die.
Thirteen : She just yelled so much.
Thirteen : And for no reason. Just screamed at me in front of my friends.
Thirteen : My father tried to explain to me that her brain was literally shrinking,
Thirteen : that she didn't mean it, that it was the disease.
Thirteen : But I didn't care.
Thirteen : I hated her.
Thirteen : I never said goodbye,
Thirteen : and she died with me hating her.
Taub : Did Chase test for the biliary tumor?
UNK: He said it was negative.
Kutner : She was stable when he left her.
UNK: We should have found more time, we should have...
Taub : House is gonna kill us.
UNK: Slowly
House : and painfully.
House : You're not only idiots, you're frauds. Fraudulent idiots.
House : Fraudulent idiotic killers, as it turns out.
Kutner : House, this was really my... Your fault, yeah!
House : For pretending to be me when you're not even competent.
House : And your fault for not ratting him out while the patient was still alive.
House : What she had was easily treatable, she could have been fine.
House : Damn treatment's so simple.
UNK: It might still be possible.
UNK: House?
UNK: House? House, she's clearly dead.
UNK: Oh, God! Oh, God!
Kutner : She was dead.
House : She wasn't dead. She wasn't even sick, you moron.
House : Seriously, how good was she? No formal training. At least not in acting.
Deedee : Did you see their faces?
House : I think we may have an anal hygiene violation there.
Taub : So the CT?
House : That was from a patient three years ago. That was hard to find.
UNK: But the hair, makeup,
House : getting Chase and Cameron to play along, much easier.
Kutner : We deserved it. I'll take down the website before...
UNK: Take it down? You kidding? It's way too lucrative to shut it down.
House : For Chase, for me.
House : I earn 50% for letting you use my name.
House : Chop, chop, go to work, first dollars go to expenses.
House : I booked our little thespian here for two full days.
House : That's three G's I owe her.
Deedee : And you still got three hours left.
Emmy : Do I?