Castle : Did she now?
Beckett : I was just being supportive.
Beckett : Anyway, we're not here about that.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions.
Castle : Yes, we do. I don't suppose you know of any collectors of early Iron Man.
Mike : I'm sorry, Mr. Castle. I can't share customer information.
Beckett : Mike, do you recognize this man?
Beckett : Uh, no. He doesn't look familiar.
Castle : What about this one?
Mike : Yeah, him I know.
Tyler : You do? Yeah.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Beckett : The sword, the suit... That's our vigilante.
Castle : Lone Vengeance.
UNK: That explains the "L" he carved into Tony Valtini's backside,
UNK: but Sword of Lone Vengeance? How come I've never seen this?
Mike : Oh, it's online only.
Mike : It's kind of fringe, but it has a following.
Mike : A guy named Sean Elt writes it.
Beckett : Looks like you put more thought into the killer's costume
Beckett : than he did, Castle.
Beckett : It's a direct copy out of the comic book.
Castle : I've seen that before.
Beckett : The knuckle plates? Where?
Castle : On the ground, at the crime scene. I thought it was a button.
Castle : But this is it, that's what it was. It fell off of his suit.
Castle : If we can find that, if it's still there,
Castle : it could lead us to the killer.
RYAN : Uniforms widened their canvass.
Ryan : Still can't find anyone who knows our mystery man.
UNK: Yeah, whoever he is, I can't connect him to any swords either.
Esposito : I pray we nail this dude,
Esposito : before I have to call every store on that list.
Ryan : I thought you were kind of rooting for this guy.
Esposito : That's when he was Joe Citizen, taking it to the bad guys.
Esposito : Now he's just some nimrod in a suit.
UNK: Mmm. You gotta give him props for spirit, though, right?
Ryan : I mean, haven't you ever wanted to be a superhero?
Ryan : Going out there, prowling the city, knocking some heads?
Esposito : I do that now. Yeah, I'm still here.
Esposito : You did? When?
UNK: I'll be right there.
UNK: Jake's Pawnshop sold a samurai sword to some guy two hours ago.
Esposito : They say he matches our photo of our mystery man.
Ryan : Maybe he's replacing the o he broke off in Tyler Faris.
Castle : It was here. I know it was here.
Beckett : Well, maybe somebody picked it up, or maybe it was a button.
UNK: No, it's a... Ah! A-ha!
Castle : There it is! That is no button!
Castle : That is a piece of his costume.
Beckett : You're right. Castle, I think there's a partial print on it.
UNK: GROANS Whoa!
Beckett : Police! Stop!
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
Castle : How cool was that!
Beckett : Which part?
Beckett : That that was our murderer? Or that he just got away?
Beckett : Gotta call in an APB.
UNK: RINGING
Beckett : Espo, I gotta call you back.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, wait, you're gonna want to hear this.
Beckett : Yeah, we just saw our suspect. He fled the crime scene.
Esposito : Yeah, and I know where to find him because I know who he is.
Beckett : What? How?
Esposito : Well, he bought a samurai sword at a pawnshop today.
Esposito : And now get this, he paid for it with a check.
Esposito : His name is Chad Hockney.
UNK: And his photo matches the mystery man from the crime scene.
Beckett : What's his address?
UNK: NYPD! Do not move a muscle.
Castle : Unless you can move faster than a speeding bullet.
Beckett : This man?
Gates : He's our killer?
Castle : Well, to be fair, he was a lot more imposing in a dark alley.
Castle : With a sword. Uh-huh.
Beckett : Yeah, he lives four blocks away from the crime scene,
UNK: and CSU's going through his apartment right now, to find
Beckett : evidence to link him to the murder.
Gates : Tie this up in a bow, Detective. Get me a confession.
UNK: Take a seat, Mr. Hockney.
Chad : Look, this is just a big misunderstanding.
UNK: I mean, I'm on your guys' side here.
Beckett : Our side doesn't execute criminals.