Castle : Paul would see first-hand how
Castle : lawlessness would ravage a community.
Castle : Compelled to do more than just write about it,
Castle : he would don a mask and form-fitting tights
Castle : to become Lone Vengeance.
Ryan : But his plan to purge the streets hit a snag
Ryan : when Tyler Faris threatened to reve al his secret identity,
Ryan : causing Lone Vengeance to cut him down in a single fearsome blow.
UNK: What?
Castle : The student has become the master.
Castle : Or at least, he tried.
Castle : Actually, for a truly Castle-esque theory,
Castle : it has to be fully thought-through.
Beckett : Since when? I did think it through.
Castle : Really? Then how did Tyler Faris know
Castle : that Paul Whittaker was Lone Vengeance?
UNK: I've got that one. I just got off with the Ledger.
Esposito : Turns out that our reporter, Paul Whittaker,
Esposito : has a burner cell phone that he uses to talk to confidential sources.
Esposito : It's the same number that Tyler Faris made calls to.
Castle : So Faris was a source or a paid informant.
Castle : So that's how they knew each other.
UNK: And so maybe
Ryan : Faris was tipping off Paul about crimes going down in the neighborhood,
Ryan : but Lone Vengeance kept showing up instead.
UNK: And that is how Faris found out that Lone Vengeance was actually Paul.
Castle : He confronted Paul, threatened to expose him...
Beckett : So Paul Whittaker killed him to hide his identity
Beckett : as a half-assed superhero?
UNK: PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Actually, it's perfect superhero psychology.
Castle : It's symbiosis.
Castle : See, Lone Vengeance is a part of Paul Whittaker.
Castle : Yin and yang. One can't exist without the other.
BECKETT : Okay, seal off the area.
Beckett : Paul Whittaker just maxed out his ATM at Seventy-First and Seventh.
Castle : Hmm, that is one block away from Comicadia.
UNK: Mmm. Mmm.
Mike : Two grand for all this?
UNK: Man, you got a Hulk181 here. That alone is worth, like...
Paul : I just need the money.
Paul : In cash.
Paul : Look, I'm in a bit of a hurry here, so...
BECKETT : Really?
Beckett : Where are you off to, Mr. Whittaker?
Castle : Or should we say, Lone Vengeance?
UNK: Really? Our killer is a writer?
Castle : Well, writers can be men of action.
Gates : I've yet to see that, Mr. Castle.
Gates : So he's a journalist, like Peter Parker.
Beckett : Actually, Peter Parker was a news photographer.
UNK: Yeah, our guy's a little more like Clark Kent.
UNK: And he's mild-mannered, just like I predicted.
Gates : Detective, I'd like to call the mayor,
Gates : let him know that we caught our killer.
Gates : Try to get a confession this time.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : I think she's warming up to you. Mmm.
Beckett : We're searching your apartment now, Paul.
Beckett : We found this artwork there.
Beckett : We know you were behind Sword of Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Well, there's no law against that, is there?
Castle : Except you took it a lot farther than just making a comic book.
Beckett : It's only a matter of time before we find the suit and the murder weapon.
Paul : Lone Vengeance stands for all that is good and virtuous.
Paul : An army of one at war against crime, a defender of the innocent.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT But it's just a character I created,
Paul : it's not someone real.
Beckett : According to this, you were mugged last year,
Beckett : outside an abandoned tenement building.
UNK: Well, it's New York. People get mugged.
Beckett : Only, the mugger got the worst of it.
Beckett : You ended up with a few stitches,
Beckett : the mugger ended up in the hospital.
Beckett : And cops say that you were non-compliant.
Castle : There's a critical moment in the arc of every superhero.