Castle : I didn't find any. But check out what I did find.
Castle : Take a look at these panels.
UNK: A hoodlum leaves his warehouse.
Castle : Lone Vengeance swoops in,
Castle : and then carves the letter "L" in his right cheek.
Castle : Who does that remind you of?
Ryan : Tony the Butcher.
Castle : I checked the dates on the issue,
Castle : it came out after Lone Vengeance attacked him.
Castle : These panels emulate that event.
UNK: The only other person who was there was our vigilante.
Beckett : So then, you're saying that.. It has to be..
Castle : Our killer is the writer of this comic book. Sean Elt.
BECKETT : Okay, thank you.
Beckett : Sean Elt doesn't exist. His name is an alias.
Castle : Or a nom de plume, as we writers say.
Castle : Though why anyone would choose Sean Elt...
Castle : Wait a minute.
Castle : It's an anagram.
Castle : Change the letters around and you get...
Beckett : Stan Lee. Comic book genius.
Castle : Trust me, he is no Stan Lee. He's not even Sean Elt.
RYAN : Yeah, all right. Thanks, Bill, maybe next time.
Ryan : So, no help from Tech on the real name.
Ryan : The Lone Vengeance website is registered solely to Sean Elt.
Esposito : Well, whoever he is, he put more than Tony the Butcher in his comics.
UNK: I found two more real-life incidents that wound up as storylines.
Esposito : Lone Vengeance shook down a drug dealer,
Esposito : and here, he set a truck full of flat screens on fire.
BECKETT : Okay, pull up the two police reports.
UNK: Let's see if they have anything in common.
Esposito : I'm on it. Thanks.
Castle : Something doesn't add up.
Castle : Lone Vengeance stamps out crime,
Castle : both in the comics and in real life.
UNK: He's into this vigilante-style ass-kicking.
Castle : Or in Tony's case,
UNK: ass-carving. But, never murder.
Castle : So why would he sudden ly kill Tyler Faris?
Castle : And why in such a brutal way?
UNK: Sword of Lone Vengeance : This Time It's Personal?
Castle : That has to be it. Tyler Faris must have known Sean Elt.
UNK: He didn't, as best I recall. I never heard of no Sean Elt.
Beckett : Did your son ever hang out with the comic book crowd?
Beckett : Was he into comics?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Just those slutty schoolgirl ones.
UNK: Mrs Faris : Oh, but lately he'd gotten all into...
UNK: Mrs Faris : What was it?
Castle : Sword of Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : Did he ever mention the writer of that comic?
Beckett : Was he hanging out with anyone out of the ordinary lately?
UNK: Somebody mild-mannered perhaps?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Actually, I saw him talking on the stoop to a guy a few days back.
UNK: Mrs Faris : He was different. Wore a suit.
Castle : As in mask and cape?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Jacket and tie. I overheard Tyler saying,
UNK: Mrs Faris : "I know the truth. I know who you really are."
Martha : Do you think you could describe him?
UNK: Uh, fair-haired, young-ish, with a beard.
UNK: Oh, and he wore one of them plastic ID cards. A green one.
UNK: Fair-hair with a beard.
Beckett : A green press badge.
BOTH : The reporter from the crime scene.
Ryan : Our suspect is one Paul Whittaker.
Ryan : Former graphic artist
Ryan : who works the crime be at for the New York Ledger.
UNK: He's also a no-show at work, and he's not at home, either.
Ryan : We put out an APB and we flagged his credit cards.
CASTLE : Actually, it makes perfect sense. As a crime reporter,