UNK: So killing someone, even someone like Tyler Faris,
UNK: violated that code.
UNK: In a typical superhero, that would trigger a crisis of faith.
UNK: You must have been conflicted.
UNK: How did you feel when you killed Tyler Faris?
UNK: Well, I felt bad. I felt really bad.
Beckett : Paul, why did you chop off Tyler's hand after you killed him?
Chad : I don't know, I just did.
Paul : Can I write my confession now? Is that okay?
Ryan : Are you sure he didn't do it?
UNK: Yeah, Faris' hand was chopped off before he was killed.
Beckett : Paul didn't know that.
Beckett : Then why did he confess?
Castle : Because Paul is protecting the real killer.
Castle : Paul is the writer. Lone Vengeance is the subject.
Castle : That's their relationship. It's you and me, all over again.
Castle : But I'm Paul, and you're Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : Really, Castle? Is that how you see me, like a sword-wielding killer?
Castle : Depends. Will you be scantily clad? In your dreams.
Esposito : Not to rain on your comic book fantasy,
Esposito : but if Paul is not Lone Vengeance,
Esposito : it puts a whole new spin on his mugging.
Castle : That's right, it does. I bet Paul didn't beat up that mugger.
Castle : I bet that was Lone Vengeance. That's probably how they met.
Castle : Wait a minute. That abandoned tenement building
Beckett : where Paul was mugged, where is that?
UNK: Near Beekman and Theatre Alley.
Ryan : That's the same place where Chad Hockney found Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : So, either that's a coincidence...
Ryan : Or that's where he hangs out.
Beckett : An abandoned tenement building.
Castle : Perfect place for a superhero lair.
Ryan : Are you sure this is the place?
UNK: Yeah, the power company said that
Beckett : unit 209 is the only o ne with electricity.
Beckett : Somebody tied it up to the pole.
Castle : Okay, if this is a lair, can I just say, "Disappointing."
Castle : Where's the mood lighting?
UNK: The glass case with 50 samurai swords?
UNK: WHISPERING Castle.
UNK: EXCLAIMS IN DELIGHT
Castle : All right, it's a modest lair, built on a budget.
UNK: I wonder what else he's got hidden around here.
UNK: ESPOSITO ON RADIO : Beckett. Got a guy
Esposito : on the fire escape, heading your way.
Esposito : I think it's him.
UNK: COCKS GUN NYPD. Do not move.
Beckett : I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Beckett : There are cops everywhere downstairs.
Beckett : Now, very slowly, take off that mask.
Beckett : Officer Hastings?
Castle : I did not see that coming.
RYAN : Can you believe it? Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Sword-wielding killer ends up being one of our own.
Chad : I don't know. Maybe she had her reasons.
UNK: Whoa. "Maybe she had her reasons"?
Ryan : What happened to "nimrod in a suit"?
Esposito : That's before I knew she was a cop.
Beckett : CSU is going over your suit, Ann.
Beckett : They're looking for Tyler Faris' blood.
Hastings : They won't find any.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you would know how to clean it up.
Hastings : I always admired you, Detective.
Hastings : The kind of cop that you are. It made me want to get to know you.
Beckett : You could've been that kind of a cop.
UNK: Awards, first-rate evaluation. Why'd you let it go?
Hastings : My father owned a dry cleaners in the neighborhood.
UNK: It got held up by some junkie, probably.
UNK: Shot dead over 80 bucks.
Hastings : The day after I buried him, I applied to the academy.
Beckett : So then you decided to take the law into your own hands.
Beckett : Being a cop wasn't enough?
Hastings : Someone killed my dad. Nothing will ever be enough.
Hastings : But doing what I do makes me feel better.
Castle : We arrested Ann.
Castle : I just thought you should know.
UNK: SIGHS
Paul : You're probably wondering why I confessed then.
Castle : You're in love with her.
Beckett : You crossed the line, Ann.
UNK: Don't pretend like we're so different.
Beckett : Let's talk abo ut Tyler Faris.
Hastings : Didn't you lose your mom?
Beckett : We're not here to discuss that.
Hastings : Didn't you shoot the guy who killed her right here in this precinct?
Hastings : The bullet that you took, isn't that connected to her murder, too?
Hastings : Because that's the rumor.
Beckett : I am not like you. I didn't chop a man in half.
Hastings : Neither did I.
Beckett : Yes, you did, and you've got Paul Whittaker so turned around over it,
Beckett : that he tried to confe ss to your murder.
Hastings : Paul? Why would he do that?
UNK: Damn it, I told him to leave town until I got this sorted out.
UNK: Well, you got it sorted out now.
Hastings : I did not kill Tyler Faris.
Hastings : I threw up my breakfast when I saw that body.
Beckett : You were in the alley with me, Ann.
Beckett : You took that piece from your suit.
Hastings : It wasn't from my suit.
Hastings : And the only reason I wanted it was to figure out who's behind this.
Beckett : Do you actually expect me to believe you?
Hastings : It's true.
Hastings : I saw that disk at the crime scene.
Hastings : I knew it wasn't mine.
Hastings : But before I could get it, I got sent off to canvass.
Hastings : So I came back for it. And, yes, I took it from you.
Beckett : And what did you do with it?
Hastings : I had a friend in the crime lab run it for prints.
Hastings : It came back with a partial, but it wasn't in the criminal database.
Hastings : Look, if you don't believe me, ask him. He still has it.
Beckett : So somebody else dressed up as Lone Vengeance and killed our victim?
Hastings : It's the only thing that makes sense.
Beckett : How does that make sense?
Hastings : Because it wasn't me!
Hastings : I came across something when I canvassed Matt's Bar,
Hastings : where Tyler Faris came from.
Hastings : He was a creature of habit.
Hastings : He drank there every night.
UNK: He'd always leave between 1 : 00 and 2 : 00
UNK: and take the back door to the alley.
Hastings : Usually with a girl.
Beckett : So you're saying that the killer knew Faris was gonna show up in that alley.