Beckett : Well, she didn't kill Tyler Faris.
Chad : How do you know? I just...
Tony : I know.
Castle : Well, if she didn't do it and Chad Hockney didn't do it,
Castle : then we're looking at a third Lone Vengeance.
Castle : A clever imposter.
Beckett : Okay. So, let's suppose that our killer is an imposter.
Beckett : That would mean th at
Beckett : he targeted Tyler Faris and wore a costume
Beckett : either to make sure that nobody could identify him...
Castle : Or to make sure he would be identified
Castle : and frame Lone Vengeance for the murder.
Beckett : And Tyler Faris was the perfect victim.
Castle : Yeah, he shows up in a dark alley like clockwork.
UNK: He even brings his own witness.
UNK: Okay, so, then, maybe our killer was a criminal
Beckett : who wanted Lone Vengeance off the streets.
Castle : Criminal who wanted vengeance against Lone Vengeance
Beckett : and Tyler Faris.
Beckett : Someone who knew Tyler and his habits.
Castle : Someone who had experience wielding a blade.
Beckett : Someone who pointed us to Lone Vengeance in the first place.
Tony : You think I killed Tyler Faris?
UNK: Come on. You're dreaming.
Beckett : We know you wanted Lone Vengeance off the streets.
Beckett : He was costing you money.
Beckett : We read the comics.
Beckett : Lone Vengeance was shaking down your dealers, burning your trucks.
Beckett : So when Faris thought that
Beckett : he figured out Lone Vengeance's true identity,
Beckett : he knew you'd pay top dollar for it.
Tony : All right, even if this were true, which it's not,
UNK: I got no motive for murder.
UNK: You had to be asking yourself,
Castle : all these times Lone Vengeance was harassing your people,
Castle : how did he know where to go?
Castle : Who was tipping him off?
BECKETT : It had to have been someone from the inside.
Beckett : Someone with an ax to grind.
Beckett : Someone just like Tyler Faris.
CASTLE : So, you figured, why not kill two birds with one stone.
Castle : Get rid of Faris and hang the murder on Lone Vengeance.
Tony : And that's it?
UNK: That's all you got?
UNK: LAUGHING
Tony : You guys call yourselves cops?
UNK: You ought to be embarrassed.
UNK: Here's your problem,
Tony : you got no proof.
BECKETT : Actually, we do.
UNK: It's from your outfit.
Beckett : We matched the partial print to your cousin, Ernesto.
CASTLE : The tailor.
Castle : I've heard great things about his custom-made shirts.
Castle : But he also confessed to making a Lone Vengeance outfit for you.
Tony : I want a lawyer.
Beckett : And you will need one.
Beckett : Those are your personal effects.
Beckett : You probably want to make sure everything's there.
Hastings : Thanks, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Ann, you're a good cop.
Beckett : And you've got somebody who cares about you.
Beckett : Don't be so driven by the past that you throw away your future.
Beckett : Take care.
CASTLE : A murder solved,
Castle : and a notorious hoodlum off the streets for good.
Castle : I call that a solid win.
Gates : I agree. All because of the hard work and dedication of this team.
Castle : Thank you, Captain. That means a lot.
Gates : Of police officers.
Gates : Team of police officers, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Detective, about Officer Hastings,
Gates : she fled the alley when you ordered her to stop.
Gates : Some reason you're not pressing any charges?
UNK: I...
Gates : Think that given the number of folks wearing that costume,
UNK: we can't prove that it was her in the alley.
Gates : Or anywhere else, for that matter.
Beckett : Exactly, sir.
GATES : She's a promising officer.
Gates : That said, it'd be bad for all of us
Gates : if Lone Vengeance were to show up ever again.
Beckett : I don't think that that will be a problem, sir.
Gates : Well, let's make sure it isn't.
Castle : Either she just grew a heart...
Beckett : Or she's worried about how it would look
Beckett : if the press found out that Lone Vengeance was one of our own.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
Castle : A writer and his muse, fighting crime.
Castle : Just like us Mmm..
Castle : So, tomorrow?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Ah! Ah!
Castle : Oh, hello, Mother.
UNK: Ah, Falstaff.
Martha : Really? It's King Lear. Oh.
UNK: Ugh!
Martha : I have work to do.
Castle : Hey. What's up?
UNK: Uh, Skyping with Ashley. But we just finished.
Beckett : You know,
Castle : even when you were a little girl,
Martha : you were a serious person.
Castle : I think I've just gotten used to you being sensible and mature.
Castle : Even more than me sometimes.
UNK: Sometimes?
UNK: Point taken. The thing is, Alexis, I know there are other sides to you.
Castle : Impulsive sides,
Castle : romantic sides.
Castle : And I don't want you to deny them.
Beckett : You were right.
Alexis : With great power does come great responsibility.
Alexis : I've always been good at doing what I'm supposed to.
Alexis : But college is about doing what you want.
Beckett : You know, following your passion.
Alexis : I'm picking my own classes.
Chad : I don't know which ones yet.
UNK: But no economics.
UNK: And you know what? Even if you're not in classes with Ashley,
UNK: you still will see each other plenty.
Tony : I know. Especially if we move in together.