Castle : Please note how the killer has drawn inspiration
Castle : from costumes of other superheroes.
Castle : For example, the color scheme evokes Spider-Man.
Castle : The horned helmet, obviously an homage to Daredevil.
Castle : The sword and scabbard, Deadpool.
UNK: A high collar, just like Black Panther.
Castle : Now, what do these characters all have in common?
UNK: They're make-believe.
Beckett : They're driven by the death of a father figure or loved one.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : I believe that our killer shares a similar backstory,
Castle : which is why he's been inspired by these characters' costumes.
UNK: Furthermore, out of costume,
Castle : these heroes tend to be unassuming.
UNK: So let's add mild-mannered to our profile.
Gates : Mr. Castle, so this is you working a homicide.
UNK: A superhero who's mild-mannered and someone killed his parents?
Gates : Isn't that all of them?
Gates : How can any of this produce even one useful conclusion?
Castle : Let me direct your attention to the golden belt
Castle : worn by our masked vigilante.
Castle : Based on the golden belt worn by Iron Man
UNK: in only 11 original issues in 1963.
Gates : Which proves what, exactly?
Castle : Our killer collected comic books.
Castle : Which means there is one place in this city he would definitely go.
Ryan : You know, Castle, you might wanna tone down the theories
Beckett : until Gates warms up to you.
Castle : Oh, I plan to melt Captain Permafrost by solving this case.
Beckett : Yeah? Well, good luck with that one.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : You smell that?
Castle : Wafting scent of printed pages?
UNK: Comicadia beckons.
Castle : This place is the premiere comic book shop.
Castle : It's the Vatican to a Catholic, it's Mecca to a pilgrim,
Castle : it's upstream to a spawning...
Beckett : I know, Castle. I bought my first comic here when I was 14.
UNK: Sin City : A Dame To Kill For.
UNK: Hardcore! Okay, wait, okay.
Castle : If you could be any comic book character in the world,
Castle : who would you be?
UNK: Elektra.
UNK: Oh, ruthless assassin who hides from her emotions.
Beckett : No, maybe it's because she's got badass ninja skills.
Beckett : What about you? Iron Man? Spider-Man?
Beckett : No, wait, I know, Annoying-Man.
Castle : Try billionaire industrialist Bruce Wayne, a.k.a. the Dark Knight.
Castle : He's brooding, he's handsome and he has all the coolest toys.
Beckett : Wow, digging deep on that one.
Castle : And did I mention what discerning taste they have here at Comicadia?
Gates : Mr. Castle?
UNK: Mike Hoover : And you're Kate Beckett, righ Mmm-hmm.t?
UNK: Mike Hoover. Sir, I am a huge fan. It is such an honor to meet you.
Castle : Oh, the honor is mine.
UNK: We just got your Derrick Storm graphic novel.
Mike : I mean, the art, the writing, it is, in a word, awesome.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Tell me, what's your favorite part?
Beckett : You don't have to answer that question.
Beckett : His ego does not need any more feeding.
Mike : Definitely where Derrick Storm escapes
Mike : from the two bad guys by crashing the...
UNK: Taxicab. ...taxicab.
Mike : Oh, I'm sorry, Detective Beckett. I should have said "spoiler alert."
UNK: Oh, no, that's okay, I won't be reading it.
Mike : Really? I saw your name on our list. You pre-ordered a copy.