UNK: See? Yeah, neither do I.
Castle : Except for last night's episode of Two Half-Men.
Beckett : We have a witness, Chad. She saw you kill Tyler Faris.
Castle : And then like a moth to a flame,
Castle : you were inexorably drawn back to the scene of the crime.
UNK: Which is when you realized you lost part of your suit.
Beckett : So you came back to get it Or, rather, take it from us.
Castle : This is all about your father, isn't it?
Castle : You're driven by his death.
UNK: My father's in Miami.
Chad : I don't know what you people are talking about.
Beckett : So you're saying you weren't in the alley,
Beckett : slapping my hand with your sword, and you didn't kill Tyler Faris?
Chad : No! I would never kill anyone.
UNK: I mean, neither would Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : Aren't you Lone Vengeance?
Chad : Not the real one.
Castle : The real one being the comic book character?
Chad : Comic book characters aren't real, okay?
Chad : I mean the guy who assumed the persona of the comic book character.
UNK: And who is that?
UNK: No one knows. But he is a legend in the superhero community.
Chad : I dreamed of being him when I was Red Marune.
UNK: "Protector of all, beholden to none"?
Chad : You've heard of me?
Beckett : We saw the purse-snatching video.
Chad : Yeah. That. Ugh.
Chad : That hit the web and pretty much turned Red Marune into a joke.
Chad : Those were dark days.
Chad : I was about ready to hang up my tights for good.
Chad : Then I decided to seek out Lone Vengeance's counsel.
Castle : What did he say?
Chad : To stay the hell away from him.
UNK: But that only steeled my resolve.
Chad : I mean, I made this costume, I got a sword.
Chad : I was about to go out on patrol when you guys busted in.
UNK: How do you find him?
Chad : I heard that Lone Vengeanc frequented Lower Manhattan.
Chad : I roamed the streets, night after night, looking for him.
Chad : I finally ran into him near Beekman and Theatre Alley.
Chad : I want to be his disciple.
Chad : Maybe his partner.
Chad : It's my destiny.
Castle : He doesn't want a partner.
Chad : How do you know?
Castle : Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Lone.
Gates : What do you mean, you can't make a case against him?
Gates : He's wearing the same suit.
Beckett : Yeah, well, apparently, he's not the only one.
Beckett : Chad Hockney was in his apartment
Beckett : making that suit the night of the murder.
Beckett : In fact, neighbors were complaining
Beckett : about the noise from the sewing machine.
Gates : I told the mayor we had our man.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you shouldn't have done that.
Gates : Perhaps what I shouldn't have done was place my faith in you, Detective.
Beckett : Guys, where are we on the motorcycle?
Esposito : Checking registrations on silver Kawasakis.
Ryan : We're also canvassing around Beekman
Ryan : for other sightings of Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Okay, let's put in a court order for the names of all of the people
UNK: who downloaded the Lone Vengeancecomics.
Castle : One of them might be our murderer.
Castle : To the untrained eye,
Castle : this might look like a grown man reading comic books, but...
Alexis : I've been thinking about this, Dad.
Alexis : I think you should be happy for me.
Martha : I am.
UNK: I am. I'm just gonna miss you, that's all.
Alexis : Me, too. But this is what I want.
Castle : Come. Tell me about your classes.
Castle : What will you be taking in January?
Alexis : Intro to Statistics, Microeconomic Theory.
Alexis : The Economic Theory of the Islamic Middle East.
Castle : Isn't Ashley an economics major?
Castle : Are you just taking his classes?
UNK: This way we can spend more time together.
Alexis : What's wrong with that?
Castle : To quote Spider-Man,
Castle : "With great power comes great responsibility."
Castle : Not a lot of people get a chance to go to a school like this.
Castle : You need to think about your dreams, and what you want.
Alexis : This is what I want.
Alexis : This is what Ashley wants.
Alexis : This wasn't even his idea, it was mine.
Castle : Well, this can't be all about Ashley, Alexis.
Castle : What if you guys break up? What then?
Beckett : We're not gonna break up.
Alexis : Why are you trying to talk me out of this?
UNK: I'm not. I'm just trying to stop you from making irrational choices.
Alexis : Why does everything I do have to make sense?
Alexis : Why can't I just do what I want every once in a while?
UNK: That's all you ever do.
UNK: SIGHING
UNK: DOOR SLAMS
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY Hey.
Castle : I should have called.
Beckett : Yoga, Castle. I was doing yoga.
UNK: Come on in. Gotcha.
Castle : I found something that will shock and amaze you.
Castle : I downloaded all of the Sword of Lone Vengeances.
UNK: That's not shocking or amazing.
Castle : You didn't let me finish.
Castle : I was looking for clues as to the killer's identity in the comic books.