UNK: You could've said so over the phone.
Pearlmutter : Ah, but I also made two highly intriguing discoveries.
Ryan : About the wounds on her face?
Pearlmutter : Well, their cause is still undetermined,
UNK: but of far greater interest is the fact...
UNK: Because it could be claw marks.
Ryan : Bigfoot has claws.
Esposito : So does Wolverine. Is he real?
Pearlmutter : Are you done?
Pearlmutter : I found this glass embedded in her head wound.
Pearlmutter : It has an anti-reflective coating, like on prescription lenses.
Esposito : But she didn't wear glasses, so where did it come from?
Pearlmutter : All I can tell you is that it was practically
Pearlmutter : hammered into her skull by whatever hit her.
Ryan : We'll send it in for analysis.
Pearlmutter : Yeah, well, you should take this while you're at it.
Pearlmutter : Found that in her stomach.
Esposito : A pendant? In her stomach?
Pearlmutter : It appears she swallowed it five to six hours before she died.
Esposito : The same time she was attacked.
Esposito : Why would she swallow it?
Ryan : Maybe she knew she was going to die. She was trying to send a message.
Esposito : Or she was trying to keep this pendant from her killer.
Castle : Did you take this photo?
UNK: Darrell Meeks : Yes, it's an expedition I led in western Canada.
UNK: Darrell Meeks : It's the closest I've ever gotten to him in 23 years.
Beckett : Dr. Meeks, you were the last person
Beckett : that Anne spoke with just before she died.
Beckett : Why did she call you?
UNK: I think she called me to ask me
UNK: if I thought that Bigfoot would venture into an urban area.
Castle : And what did you tell her?
Darrell : Well, given development and urban encroachment on wilderness,
Darrell : sooner or later it was inevitable.
Darrell : And I suspect that she had evidence
UNK: of a presence of Bigfoot here in the city.
Beckett : I don't understand why she would talk to you about something like that.
Darrell : Well, Anne was studying Evolutionary Biology.
UNK: She was an honor student at the university,
Darrell : but she was actually a hugely respected Bigfoot expert.
Darrell : She even gave me that extremely rare Yeti finger.
Castle : Are you saying Anne was a Bigfoot hunter?
UNK: No, no, no. No. Not a hunter. No.
Darrell : Anne was Native American.
Darrell : And in her tribe's culture,
Darrell : a Bigfoot was considered benevolent, or a protector.
Darrell : When she was a child, she actually saw a Bigfoot.
UNK: And so, after that she devoted her life to their study. Excuse me.
UNK: So, are Bigfoots, or Bigfeet, violent or aggressive?
Darrell : Well, they certainly can be. What were the nature of her injuries?
UNK: Uh...
Darrell : Well, I mean, was she attacked by a Bigfoot?
Beckett : - Not a chance. - Yes.
Darrell : Well, in the name of science,
Darrell : would you allow me to examine where she died?
Beckett : No. Now as far as you're aware,
Beckett : did she have issues with anyone other than Bigfoot?
Darrell : Well, she was under a very high level of scrutiny.
Beckett : Scrutiny from whom?
UNK: Garland Meeks : Oh, some TV show offered a million-dollar reward,
UNK: Garland Meeks : which unleashed a tide of idiots all searching for Bigfoot.
Darrell : Yes, and this is my wife, Garland. Uh, she's the skeptical one.
UNK: - Trust me, I feel your pain. Pleasure. - Mmm.
UNK: In any case, I think when people found out Anne's area of expertise,
Darrell : they wanted to follow her
Darrell : to see if she would actually take them to a real Bigfoot.
Beckett : You know, the day that she died, Anne was seen arguing with this man.
Beckett : Do you recognize him?
Garland : Oh, yes. All too well.
Darrell : This man is the Bigfoot community's worst enemy.
Esposito : His name is Chase Diggins,
Esposito : and he's an Australian adventurer and big game hunter.
Ryan : Kind of Crocodile Dundee meets Indiana Jones meets Ted Nugent.
Beckett : Now, according to the Meeks, he's violent and highly unstable.
UNK: What's more, is that this guy's hell bent on bagging a Bigfoot.
Esposito : I found him on YouTube
UNK: bragging about how he's going to mount one on his wall.
Beckett : Do we have anything other than speculation
UNK: on a mythical ape-man that'll connect him to the murder?
Esposito : We have this.
Beckett : Diggins has a prosthetic hook for a hand?
Ryan : Says he lost it in a Bigfoot attack. And that he almost...
Esposito : However it happened,
UNK: that hook could've been what did a number on Anne's face.
UNK: Where is Chase Diggins now?
Esposito : This guy is an international adventurer.
Ryan : What the hell is he doing renting an industrial crap-hole like this?
Ryan : Why not a hotel?
Esposito : The guy hunts Bigfoot.
Esposito : I don't think that rational behavior
Esposito : - is something he's familiar with. - Ah.
UNK: Whoa. You hear that?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Dude, there's something down there.
Esposito : Chase Diggins!
Esposito : NYPD! If you're down here, you better identify yourself right now!
UNK: Dude, I got a bad feeling about this thing, man.
UNK: I... I don't think that we should...
UNK: Chase Diggins : You gents looking for me?
Chase : Bloody shame about Anne. She was one hell of a tracker.
Chase : Actually the only reason I came to the city.
Chase : Word was, she knew the whereabouts of an actual Squatch,
Chase : and I figured she might lead me to him.
Beckett : You came to New York to hunt Bigfoot?
Chase : You see this, Detective?
Chase : Nepal, 2008, the rocky crags of the Himalayas.
UNK: The Squatch came out of nowhere and ripped my arm clean off.
Chase : So I will hunt down every last one of those bastards
Chase : until I have my payback.
UNK: What'd it look like?
UNK: Five hundred pounds of fur and death, mate.
Chase : Eyes like a rabid dog, but smart, you know.
UNK: Anyway, they say that she'd found one.
Chase : Everyone knew it, but Anne wasn't talking.
Beckett : Is that why you went to see her?
Chase : Who told you that?
Beckett : Witnesses saw you and Anne arguing outside of her work yesterday.
Chase : Merely a polite conversation between colleagues.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Because later that night, she turned up dead.
Chase : You're squatting in the wrong bush, Detective.
Chase : I was at a target range last night with my mates, keeping my edge sharp.
Chase : You can check it out.
Beckett : That's funny because we found a boot print
UNK: in an alley way near a pool of Anne's blood
Beckett : with the same tread as the boots you're wearing now.
Chase : All right, look, I was in that alley,
Chase : but not last night, it was the night before.
Castle : What were you doing there?
Chase : Well, I figured she was tracking the beast, so I tracked her.