Chase : I followed her to the alley, and that's when I caught the wily bitch in the act.
Beckett : The act of what?
UNK: Stamping fake Squatch prints in the ground, is what.
Chase : Using molds of giant feet. She was faking the damn evidence.
UNK: Whoa. Okay, hang... Anne was a respected researcher.
Castle : Why would she fake evidence of Bigfoot?
UNK: Because I reckon she'd found the real thing.
UNK: She was trying to throw the rest of us off the scent,
UNK: but I was on to her, so I confronted her at work,
UNK: offered her anything she wanted, but she told me to bugger off.
Beckett : You know what I think? You faked that site.
Beckett : Because somewhere in your twisted mind,
Beckett : it makes sense that the expert on Bigfoot would be killed by one.
Castle : I knew it.
Chase : She found him.
UNK: The little bitch found my Bigfoot.
Beckett : Look, he's either crazy or he's lying.
Esposito : I'd go with crazy, because it looks like he's telling the truth.
Esposito : Tests on his prosthetic hook show no trace of Anne's DNA.
Esposito : And his alibi checks out, so it's not him.
UNK: Well, looks like we're back to this guy as our number one suspect.
Beckett : Castle, could you please take that down?
Castle : You got it.
Esposito : The lab also was able to identify
Esposito : the glass shards we found in our victim's head wound.
Esposito : It's from a camera lens.
Castle : There was no camera at the crime scene.
Beckett : Maybe our killer took it.
Castle : Which would explain why there are so few photos of Bigfoot.
Beckett : - I meant our human killer. - Right.
UNK: Let's re-canvass near that alley way, see if we can find that camera.
UNK: Hey, so I looked into the pendant that Anne swallowed,
Ryan : - and I found something strange. - What?
Ryan : I talked to her friends and neighbors. The pendant wasn't Anne's.
Ryan : It belonged to Justine Bolton,
Ryan : Anne's roommate at Hudson University last year.
Beckett : Does the roommate have any idea what Anne was doing with it?
Ryan : I'd love to ask her. There's only one problem.
Ryan : Justine was murdered a year ago.
Castle : And a year later, her pendant is found in her murdered friend's stomach?
Beckett : That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : What do we know about Justine's murder?
Ryan : I ordered up her case files. They should be here by the morning.
Beckett : Look, Castle. I don't care how much research you do,
Beckett : you're not going to convince me that there's a Bigfoot.
Castle : I just follow the evidence and the insanely large footprints.
Beckett : Is there anything that you don't believe in?
Castle : Sure there is. There's, um...
Castle : Okay. Well, what about you?
Castle : If not Bigfoot or zombies or ghosts, what do you believe in?
Beckett : I believe in the everyday magic of life.
Beckett : I mean, things that I can see and touch.
UNK: Like the green shoots that pop through the snow in February.
Beckett : Or the Flatiron Building.
Beckett : Or the way that I feel when I hear Coltrane.
Castle : I can appreciate the everyday, but why not live in the possible?
Castle : The world just doesn't have as many mysteries anymore.
Castle : There's no new continents to explore.
Castle : There's no more deepest, darkest Africa.