UNK: Hey, look, I didn't touch her and neither did Badass.
Eddie : Whatever did that to her, that wasn't no dog.
UNK: Then how did she end up in your car?
Eddie : I was leaving a bar last night,
UNK: and I happen to make a wrong turn down an alley way
UNK: and I saw her laying there, she was all messed up.
Eddie : I couldn't just leave her there to die!
Beckett : Oh, so you're a good Samaritan now.
Eddie : If I wanted to kill her, why would I bring her to a hospital?
Beckett : If you wanted to save her, why would you ditch her outside of one?
Eddie : Because with my record, I knew I'd get blamed.
Eddie : Which is exactly what's happening now.
UNK: Yeah.
Eddie : No good deed, huh?
Beckett : Okay, fine, then why don't you tell me where you supposedly found her?
UNK: Well, it's blood. Maybe Eddie was telling the truth.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : You need to see this.
Beckett : What the...
UNK: Footprints.
Castle : Giant footprints made by some kind of beast.
Castle : Those vicious claw marks, the savage wounds,
Castle : her blood, these footprints.
Castle : It all adds up to one thing.
Castle : She was killed by Bigfoot!
Castle : Seriously, Beckett, do you have any idea what this means?
Castle : We're about to be the first people in the nation,
UNK: no, the world, to solve a Bigfoot murder.
Beckett : Very funny, Castle, but there is no such thing as Bigfoot.
Castle : Tell that to the people who've been sighting him for 400 years.
Pearlmutter : So, I typed the blood. It's a match to our victim.
Castle : Never mind the blood. What is your opinion on these?
Pearlmutter : Professionally, I can't speculate what those are, Mr. Castle.
Pearlmutter : But personally, I can say that anyone who believes in Bigfoot is an ass.
Castle : Well, that is a common assertion amongst the uninformed.
Beckett : Okay, buddy. Let's say there is a Bigfoot.
UNK: How does a giant, hairy ape-man get around the city unseen?
Castle : Easy. Follow the big, fat footprints.
UNK: What?
Castle : Subway access tunnel.
Castle : Since Hurricane Sandy, a lot of those are still closed.
Castle : So, Bigfoot's been using them to get around.
Beckett : Castle, that's ridiculous.
Castle : How can you say...
Castle : Look at these footprints!
Beckett : These are the footprints that I'm interested in.
Beckett : They're near where the body was.
Beckett : CSU said that they were made within the last 24 hours.
Castle : Could be Eddie Maslon's.
UNK: At size 13? The guy's too short to have feet this big.
Beckett : No. These boot prints are our best lead.
Beckett : These prints, not the tracks from the giant clown feet.
Castle : Yes, let's go to a crime scene and ignore the evidence.
Castle : You're saying someone framed Bigfoot?
UNK: All I'm saying, Castle, is that someone, a human being,
UNK: left the Bigfoot prints in that alley way.
Castle : Yeah, and staged the crime scene
Castle : to make it look as though Bigfoot was the killer.
Castle : Why go through the trouble of blaming Bigfoot?
UNK: A creature a select few of us even believe exists,
Castle : never mind could be a murder suspect?
Esposito : Speaking of suspects, Anne's boss came through
Esposito : with a sketch of the guy she argued with the day she died.
Beckett : Take a look, Castle.
Beckett : A person of interest, emphasis on the word "person."
Beckett : Talk to Anne's friends and family and see if anyone recognizes him.
Ryan : Um... I wouldn't rule out Bigfoot just yet.
UNK: Turns out, there've been dozens of reported Bigfoot sightings
Ryan : in the city in the past couple months.
Castle : Is that right? Why, Detective Ryan,
UNK: please tell us about this new and extraordinary development.
Ryan : Like this woman in Brooklyn.
Ryan : She says that Bigfoot tried to break into her apartment,
Ryan : on the second floor.
Esposito : Gentlemen! I hate to rain on your parade...
Beckett : - Do you? - No.
UNK: ...but here's the reason the Bigfoot reports have spiked.
UNK: Two months ago, the TV show Mission : Monster
UNK: put out a million dollar reward for the capture
UNK: - andlor proof that Bigfoot exists. - Hmm.
Beckett : See, Castle?
UNK: All of this "evidence" that you claim proves Bigfoot's existence
Beckett : is actually people angling for money.
Castle : So you're saying it's just a coincidence that Anne was working with primates