UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Richard Castle : Where'd it go?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Where'd what go, darling?
Castle : My leftovers from Le Cirque.
Castle : They were right here, right where this hole in the fridge is.
UNK: I was gonna use that chateaubriand for my morning scramble.
Martha : Well, I certainly didn't eat them.
Martha : I wouldn't look this good if I was pigging out on leftovers.
Castle : Yes, well, this isn't the first time this has happened.
Castle : Food has been going missing for the past month.
Castle : It's not just leftovers, either. It was the peanut butter, artichokes,
Castle : a whole quart of mulligatawny soup. Gone.
Martha : Well, maybe you've been sleep-eating again.
UNK: Again? I've never sleep-ated. Sleep-ate. Eaten.
Castle : Have I?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Hey, I'm off to class.
Castle : Hey. How did you like that chateaubriand?
Castle : Wasn't that a wonderful white wine reduction?
Alexis : What chateaubriand?
Castle : All right, it's the housekeeper.
Castle : I knew it. She has been putting on weight.
Martha : Sorry, darling, she hasn't been here for three days.
Alexis : Maybe there are tiny Borrowers living under the floorboards
Alexis : who come out at night to steal your food.
UNK: It's not realistic.
UNK: They'd be too small to get the fridge door open.
Castle : No, but something is going on here, though.
UNK: And I'm gonna find out what.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So some food disappeared, Castle. What's the big deal?
Castle : It wasn't you, was it? I know you hate to go grocery shopping.
Beckett : Seriously, Castle? I haven't been to your place since Tuesday.
UNK: Right.
Castle : Maybe my apartment's being invaded by some kind of super rat.
Castle : Whatever's going on, I've taken bold steps to ensure it never happens again.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Javier Esposito : These two nurses saw some guy do a dump-and-drive around 4 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Javier Esposito : The Trauma Unit tried to save our vic, but she didn't make it.
Castle : If he's our killer, why would he take her to the ER?
Beckett : Maybe he had a guilty conscience.
Beckett : Did the nurses get a good look at the driver?
Esposito : No, but they did see his car. It was a blue sedan.
Esposito : Hospital security's trying to get me some footage to get the license plate.
Beckett : Okay, set up a canvass around the hospital.
Beckett : We need to find someone that got a good look at the driver.
Beckett : And where's our vic?
UNK: Her body is still in the Trauma bay. Word is, she was pretty messed up.
UNK: Uh, let me caution you. This is not for the faint of heart.
Castle : For once, I agree with you.
Beckett : What did this to her?
Pearlmutter : Could be anything from a crowbar to a box cutter.
Pearlmutter : But they look like claw marks. I just can't tell what kind.
Castle : If it was an animal, wouldn't there be bite marks?
Pearlmutter : I might not find them
UNK: till I do a complete exam and determine the exact cause of death.
UNK: Given the fact that we don't have a crime scene,
Beckett : is there any indication of where she was attacked?
UNK: No, but I can tell you when.
Pearlmutter : Based on the inflammation,
Pearlmutter : I'd say the victim sustained her injuries five to six hours before she died.
Beckett : While we figure out who she is,
Beckett : we'll find out how she wound up this way.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Name is Anne Cardinal, 27 years old. She was Native American.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Grew up on the Onondaga Reservation in central New York.
Beckett : Any next of kin?
Ryan : No. She had no siblings and both of her parents are gone.
UNK: She lived in off-campus housing for Hudson University
Ryan : where she was working towards a PhD in Evolutionary Biology.
Beckett : All right, send CSU to her apartment, talk to friends and neighbors
Beckett : to see if they know of anyone in her life who drove a blue sedan.
Castle : And who wanted to mangle her face.
Esposito : I may have an explanation for those facial wounds.
Esposito : Turns out our victim worked at a retirement home called Haven House.
UNK: Vicious, bloodthirsty old folks? Is that your theory?
Esposito : This home is not for people, Castle.
Esposito : It's a primate sanctuary, mostly for apes and chimpanzees
Esposito : and monkeys who have retired from the movie business.
Ryan : I always wanted a pet monkey when I was a kid. Big Curious George fan.
UNK: Yeah, wait till George grows up.
Castle : An adult chimpanzee can reach 200 pounds,
Castle : tear off a man's face, hands and naughty bits.
Beckett : All right, we're going to go to the primate sanctuary.
Beckett : If Anne was attacked there,
Beckett : maybe someone dumped her body to cover it up.
Beckett : And call me if you get anything on that sedan.
Ryan : George would never do that.
UNK: Paul Devlin : This is a terrible loss.
UNK: Paul Devlin : Anne was a brilliant student and a lovely person.
Beckett : Given her wounds, I need to ask,
Beckett : how much interaction did Anne have with the primates here?
Paul : Well, very little in terms of direct contact.
Paul : But we have very strict training guidelines for all of our employees.
UNK: But still, I'll need the Crime Scene Unit
Beckett : to do a thorough investigation of this facility.
Paul : Of course. Anything I can do to help.
Paul : I can't imagine she was harmed by any of our animals.
Paul : They've never shown any aggressive behavior towards her
Paul : or anyone else.
Beckett : Now, Dr. Devlin, how well did you know Anne Cardinal?
Paul : I was her faculty advisor at Hudson University.
UNK: Then when I found out she was taking time off a couple months ago,
Paul : I offered her a job here.
Beckett : And what sort of work did she do?
Paul : Well, I have a grant to study the social behaviors of primates,
Paul : and I hire Hudson students, like her and Franco here,
Paul : to help manage the animals' care.
Castle : And none of them have homicidal impulses? Not even Moonshine here?
Paul : Especially not Moonshine.
Paul : He's been around people his whole life and he's very social.
Beckett : When was the last time either of you saw Anne?
UNK: We worked together yesterday. She seemed totally fine.
Franco : She did leave early, that wasn't like her,
Franco : said she had something important to do.
UNK: Did she say what it was?
Paul : It might have something to do with that argument she had.
Beckett : What argument?
Paul : I saw her in the parking garage, around lunchtime, talking to a man.
Paul : I'd never seen him before, but he seemed very angry with her.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe him to a sketch artist?
Paul : Yeah, I most definitely could.
Castle : I know who the killer is. Did you see how that gorilla looked at me?
Beckett : Yeah, I think it was lust, actually, Castle. You are ruggedly handsome.
UNK: Bloodlust, maybe.
UNK: Yeah, don't let Moonshine fool you. I'm betting he and his fellow "retirees"
UNK: are actually super-intelligent apes plotting to take over New York City.
Castle : They're going to round up all the people, put us in a sanctuary.
Castle : - Most likely, Anne got on to them... - They took her out.
Beckett : Now, if this monkey cabal really wanted to get Anne out of the picture,
Beckett : why did they drop her off at the hospital?
Castle : Well, obviously they were conflicted.
UNK: It's complicated, the relationship between man and primate.
Castle : Didn't you see Rise of the Planet of the Apes? Cautionary tale.
Beckett : Sorry to burst your bubble, Castle,
Beckett : but CSU hasn't found a crime scene at Haven House.
Beckett : Anne wasn't attacked there.
Castle : Well, then where was the attack? And by what?
Esposito : Hey. So a witness saw a blue sedan take out a side mirror
Esposito : about a block away from our hospital in our time window.
Esposito : They got a plate. Owner of the car was Eddie Maslon.
UNK: How's he connected to Anne?
Esposito : I'm not really sure, but Eddie knows how to put the hurt on people.
Esposito : He just did eight years in Sing Sing for murder two.
Esposito : And he had a way to mess up Anne's face.
Esposito : City records show he had a pit bull named Badass.
Beckett : A convicted killer with an attack dog? All right, pick him up.
Esposito : Right on.
UNK: Damn it! I really liked Moonshine for this.
UNK: Eddie Maslon : I've never seen her before.
Beckett : You dumped her outside of the ER last night,
Beckett : except she looked more like this.
Beckett : Your dog do that to her?
Beckett : Eddie, you've been out of prison for three months.
Beckett : You better start talking unless you want to go back.