UNK: Everything is all mapped out by satellites and sonar.
Castle : Yet still, people reach for the unknown.
Castle : It's what makes us grow.
Castle : Coltrane wouldn't have had that saxophone
UNK: if Antoine Sax hadn't imagined it.
Castle : Isn't that what separates us from, say, Moonshine?
UNK: Well, you know, there is one
UNK: inexplicable, mysterious phenomenon that I do believe in still.
UNK: Us.
Beckett : - What was that? - Something set off my trap.
Beckett : - You set a trap? - I've got you now, you super rats.
UNK: Nurse Two : - What? - No one steals from me!
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Alexis!
Castle : What are you doing here?
Castle : Yeah. She's still not taking my calls.
Beckett : Well, can you blame her, Castle? You practically turned her into a Smurf.
Castle : Na'vi would be a more contemporary reference.
Castle : No, the point is, she lied to me.
Castle : She looked me right in the eye and she blamed the Borrowers.
Beckett : I'm sure she had a good reason.
Castle : For what? Not having food? I mean, I give her a sizable allowance,
Castle : and if that's not enough, she can always ask for more.
Beckett : Like I said, Castle, there are plenty of mysteries in the everyday.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, has Justine Bolton's murder file come in yet?
Ryan : She was attacked in the apartment that she shared with Anne Cardinal.
Ryan : The way she was choked and bruised, looked like it was a crime of passion.
Beckett : Did they have a suspect?
Ryan : Unfortunately, he fled and he hasn't been seen since the murder.
Castle : Any chance he had long shaggy hair and he was eight feet tall?
Ryan : Uh, no. Sorry, Castle. It was Justine's boyfriend, Kurt Wilson.
UNK: He's the one who supposedly found the body.
Ryan : He was a football player with a history of assaults on and off the field.
Ryan : It looked like Justine was trying to get away from him.
Ryan : The day that she was murdered, she contacted the Dean
Ryan : and told him that she was dropping out of school,
Ryan : even though she was top of her class.
Ryan : By the time the cops realized
Ryan : that all roads led to Kurt Wilson, he disappeared.
Castle : How does Anne figure into this?
Ryan : Well, as her roommate,
Esposito : it looks like Anne took Justine's death pretty hard.
Ryan : When I spoke to the lead detective,
Ryan : he told me she came to him a few months back
UNK: and asked to see Justine's case file.
Ryan : He refused since it's a pending murder case, but still, it means...
Beckett : Anne was looking into Justine's murder.
Castle : And a few months ago? That's when Anne took time off school.
Beckett : So then maybe Anne wasn't tracking down Bigfoot,
Beckett : she was looking for Kurt Wilson.
Ryan : Maybe she found him.
Esposito : Yo. Canvass didn't turn up Anne's camera,
Esposito : but the lab came back with a serial number on that lens.
UNK: That was made for a specific model.
UNK: A Wi-Fi-enabled camcorder
UNK: that's designed to synch up to a cloud account.
UNK: I checked. Anne has a cloud account.
Beckett : Can we access it?
UNK: Testing, one, two, three... Okay, good.
Beckett : Look at the time stamp.
UNK: 12 : 20 a.m. The night she died.
Castle : Yeah, but she's not in an alley. Where the hell is she?
UNK: He's after... He's after me!
UNK: No. Please! No!
Beckett : So the attack took place in the woods, not that alley.
Beckett : But what we need to find out is where these woods are.
Esposito : Tech is trying to get the geo-data off that footage
Esposito : to see if we can pinpoint the exact coordinates.
Ryan : If she was attacked in the woods somewhere, why move her to an alley?
Beckett : Because the killer was trying to throw us off his trail.
Beckett : If Anne was looking for Kurt Wilson, then the last thing he would want to do
Beckett : is leave her body near the same spot where he was hiding out.
UNK: Unless she was looking for someone else in those woods.
Epsosito : Something with fur?
Castle : What do we really see of our killer in this video?
Castle : He's dark, looming, powerful, holding a primitive weapon.
Beckett : Castle, that is a person.
Castle : All I see is the silhouette of a hulking humanoid form.
UNK: Now, if Darrell Meeks and that one-armed Aussie were right,
Castle : and Anne did know where Bigfoot was,
Castle : well, that could be him on that video.
Beckett : Then what, Bigfoot carried her body into the city on foot
Beckett : from wherever these woods are and left her in that alley way?
Castle : Well, you said yourself, Kurt Wilson wouldn't want to leave Anne's body
Castle : where he'd been hiding out. Why would Bigfoot?
UNK: Okay, why don't you guys
UNK: circulate Wilson's photo to Anne's family and friends