UNK: The two of us were planning on transferring to another school.
UNK: We'd even toured the campus at SUNY Binghamton the week before.
Kurt : I'm sure they have a record of that somewhere.
Castle : If you weren't the reason why Justine left Hudson, then what was?
Kurt : She never told me.
Kurt : She just said that things weren't working out.
Kurt : And I've spent a lot of time thinking about that,
Kurt : and the only thing that makes sense
Kurt : is if there was someone there that she was afraid of.
Castle : Like who?
Kurt : A classmate, a professor, I don't know.
Kurt : But I think Anne found out.
Franco : Last week, when I came to see her at her work,
UNK: she said that she was close to having answers.
UNK: Then the next thing I know, she's dead.
UNK: So I figured whoever did it killed Justine, too.
Darrell : And that's why I broke into her apartment.
UNK: I was looking for, I don't know, clues, answers, anything.
Beckett : The person that you think killed Anne and Justine,
Beckett : do you have any idea who it is?
UNK: It had to be someone who could talk Justine into opening her door,
UNK: or someone she knew.
UNK: It's the only reason that they would steal her necklace.
Kurt : It wasn't worth anything.
Castle : You wouldn't be referring to a lapis pendant, would you?
Kurt : Justine never took it off.
Kurt : When I found her, that pendant was gone.
UNK: Whoever took it, killed her.
Beckett : Kurt, is this Justine's pendant?
Beckett : That's why Anne had it.
Castle : The pendant is proof she'd found the real killer.
Castle : It has to be someone she spent time with recently.
Castle : Someone she got close to.
Beckett : Professor Devlin?
UNK: Can I help you, Detective?
Beckett : As a matter of fact you can.
Beckett : What can you tell us about Justine Bolton?
UNK: That she was a student at Hudson who died rather tragically.
Castle : Well, you knew her as more than that.
Castle : She took your Introduction to Anthropology course
Castle : her freshman year.
Paul : Yes, she did, which made her loss a personal one.
UNK: But I fail to see what that has...
Beckett : Were you aware that after she took that course,
Beckett : she told her counselor that she was afraid because someone on campus,