Wilson : next to a peaceful, burbling fountain.
House : You could be sipping Courvoisier
House : next to a replica of the Playboy grotto
House : if you tell him what you got on him.
Wilson : I don't have anything on him.
House : I don't want anything on him.
House : Closest he's been to Vietnam,
House : ordering the Mee Krob at that place on the corner.
Wilson : Mee Krob is from Thailand.
UNK: Exactly.
Wilson : What did you do? Why do you think he's faking?
House : I saw his mail.
Wilson : You broke in?
House : No. He was holding it. Private medical insurance, not from the VA.
UNK: Plus he's gotta be early 50s.
House : He's too young to be a vet. So, I looked further.
Wilson : You did break in.
UNK: Online.
House : There's no reference to him in any of the vet records.
Wilson : Why would he fake being a veteran?
UNK: Well, just look how you're acting.
House : People have been tiptoeing around this jerk for years.
Wilson : Normally, we'd all tell the amputee to go screw himself.
House : Victims get pity. Heroes get adulation. It's way better.
Wilson : Thank you for trying to help me out with my neighbor.
Wilson : Now forget the Vietnam stuff.
House : I could prove this.
Wilson : But you won't because you'll be too busy
Wilson : writing him a letter of apology
Wilson : and dropping it at his door, without knocking at his door.
House : I didn't do anything. That guy's a total ass.
Wilson : Which is the point. It's easy to be nice to people you like,
Wilson : but being nice to people you hate, that's a skill. Do it.
Wilson : Thank you for saving my life.
Chase : The man that tried to kill you,
Chase : he said that you were preparing a massacre.
Dibala : The Sitibi are my countrymen.
Dibala : I am fighting a guerrilla war.
Chase : In a way that's being called genocide.
UNK: Twenty years ago, these same Sitibi rebels took over the south.
Dibala : They massacred tens of thousands,
Dibala : and they would happily do it again.
Dibala : I'm trying to impose order.
Dibala : I'm trying to prevent a genocide. Genocide.
Dibala : My own son, my youngest, he is a student here.
Dibala : He hasn't spoken to me in years
Dibala : because of what he read in your newspapers.
Dibala : But what he read is not true.
Chase : What about your Youth Labor League?
Dibala : There, I was at fault.
Dibala : I hired men who, in their zeal, stepped over the line,
Dibala : and there were abuses.
Dibala : But that will not happen again.
UNK: Hello?