Chase : How's it going?
Cameron : Normal-looking nucleus.
Chase : How's it going with you?
Chase : It worried me when you joked
Chase : about letting that man shoot Dibala.
Cameron : I wasn't joking.
Chase : You can't want to kill anyone,
Chase : especially not your own patient.
Cameron : It's only natural to feel...
Chase : No, it's completely unnatural.
Chase : Only psychopaths can kill other people
Chase : without having some sort of breakdown.
Cameron : Not when it's justified. Look at soldiers.
Chase : Even when it's justified.
Cameron : Am I trying to kill our patient? Of course not.
Cameron : But if he died, am I supposed to just pretend
Cameron : that wouldn't be good for the world?
Cameron : The cells are neatly differentiated. This isn't lymphoma.
UNK: I thought I had detected the sickly sweet smell of maple syrup
House : and socialized medicine.
House : It smells like victory.
House : That big flag in your place prompted me to chat with your housekeeper.
House : Turns out you're a citizen of the Great White North.
Murphy : You broke into my apartment?
House : Technically, no. Well, technically, yeah,
House : but two steps, hardly...
Murphy : You're going to jail.
House : Speaking of, you know what can get you
House : six months and a $100,000 fine?
House : Falsely claiming that you won a medal in Vietnam.
Murphy : You think I'm faking?
House : Canada did not send troops to fight in Vietnam, you idiot.
Murphy : They sent troops to reinforce the '73 Peace Accords,
Murphy : which is where I tried to free a 12-year-old boy
Murphy : who stepped on a land mine.
UNK: Thirty-six years later, every second I feel pain in my hand
Murphy : like I'm still grabbing that boy's arm
Murphy : even though my arm isn't there.
Murphy : So, no, I'm not faking.
UNK: Oh.
House : On a related note, go Maple Leafs.
Foreman : Did you get the biopsy results?
Dibala : Is it lymphoma?
UNK: No.
Chase : So we have to move on.
UNK: Infection, perhaps autoimmune...
Foreman : Did you get the biopsy results?
Chase : Yes, I just told you.
Dibala : Is it lymphoma?
Foreman : Cameron and Chase?
Foreman : They both really like diagnostics,
Foreman : and I think they both really like watching House torture me.
Foreman : Anyway, thank you for understanding about the job.
Foreman : I had two really crappy alternatives.
Thirteen : There was a third.
Foreman : What's that?
Cameron : You could have stepped aside.
Foreman : We both would have lost our jobs.
Thirteen : You could have asked Cameron or Chase to take your place.
Foreman : They wouldn't have wanted to.
Thirteen : You just said they both really like diagnostics.
Foreman : You want to go back in time?
Ama : I want to make this work.
Thirteen : I want to understand you. I mean, you know how you made me feel.
Thirteen : If you could do it again...
Foreman : I made the right decision.
Joseph : I need your confidential medical opinion.
Joseph : Is the President capable of thinking clearly?
Cameron : Obviously not right now.
Joseph : Will he ever be?
Wilson : I think...
Cameron : Neurons don't grow back, and he's already in his decline.
Cameron : Anything he tells you, any command he gives, how will you ever know
Cameron : it's not just the delusions of a sick, mad, dying, old man?
Chase : He just started spiking a fever.
House : It's scleroderma.
Foreman : You don't have some clever way of telling me this time?
House : Patient's dying. I'm done with clever.
House : Look at his skin. It's tight for a 75-year-old.
Foreman : Based on his admission photo? Bit subjective.
Foreman : Fever points to infection.
Foreman : And now he's got nodules on his fingers. That's blastomycosis.
UNK: Nodules? You're calling tight skin subjective?
Chase : I'm with Foreman.
Chase : We would have seen fungus balls on the head CT.
House : Fungal lesions can be missed.
Chase : We could settle this with a test.
Cameron : Anticentromere antibodies would point to scleroderma.
Foreman : Point to, not prove. And his fever's too high. We have to treat him now.
UNK: If we treat wrong, we could send this disease into overdrive.
House : You're with me on the scleroderma?
Cameron : I guess. I just don't care enough about the patient
Cameron : to waste my time trying to convince anyone. We get it.
UNK: You don't like the guy, you don't want to work on this case.
House : And yet you're still here.
Chase : Why don't you take a stand?
House : Either do something about it or shut up.
Cameron : Treat him for blasto if you want.
House : I'll get Cuddy. I can convince her to...
Foreman : This isn't a democracy.
Foreman : I don't care who you get.
Foreman : At least for right now, this is my department.
Foreman : We're treating him for blasto.
Foreman : Start him on amphotericin B.
Dibala : Inject my IV with an air bubble.
Cameron : What are you doing?
Dibala : I will have another heart attack.
Dibala : No one will know.
Foreman : Let her go.
Dibala : You tell my colonel I'm a sick, dying old man who can't be trusted.
Cameron : I didn't say...
Dibala : You were trying to put a gun in his hand
Dibala : and point it at my head. The gun is now in your hand.
Dibala : That is a practical difference, not a moral one.
Dibala : If you want me dead, then pull the trigger.