Wilson : My downstairs neighbor, after you moved in,
Wilson : started complaining about the extra noise and the cooking smells.
House : What's his name?
Wilson : I don't want you making things worse.
Wilson : He's on the condo board,
Wilson : and I'm trying to get the back garden renovated.
House : The white coats taught me a whole bunch
House : of fun coping and relating skills.
Wilson : He's not only a total jerk,
Wilson : he's a decorated war hero who lost an arm in Vietnam.
Wilson : I mean, there's no winning with this guy.
House : Coping skill number one, complete avoidance.
House : You happy?
House : Booty call? Give me 20 minutes to not shower.
Cameron : Patient's having a heart attack.
UNK: Mask and 15 liters.
Cameron : Just thought you'd like to know.
Chase : Streptokinase. Heparin.
House : Lassa fever.
House : You were mad that I withheld it last time,
House : so I'm saying it right up front.
House : He's already stabilized, so 40ccs of ribavirin,
House : and we're home in time for Ellen.
Foreman : I checked. There's no Lassa in Dibala's country.
UNK: Oh. The rash is gone.
Foreman : It rules out your dioxin theory.
Foreman : He's running a slight fever,
Foreman : which we can add to the heart, plus the lung ulcers.
Chase : Ebola Marburg?
Cameron : Too long an incubation period and...
UNK: Yes?
House : Don't people sometimes travel to places that have, you know,
House : a fever that originated in the Nigerian town of Lassa?
UNK: He's been to three other countries in the last two years.
UNK: Here, Zimbabwe and Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt. No Lassa there either.
UNK: Oh. Again.
UNK: Trypanosomiasis?
UNK: No sleep disturbances, but it fits best with his symptoms
Foreman : and it's geographically the most... What?
House : The Egypt visit was for the African Union meeting,
House : where I'm guessing he was "meeting" people from "Africa",
House : which includes Liberia,
House : which sent some members of their foreign ministry
House : which has itself just been hit by an outbreak of jock itch.
House : No, wait, not jock itch. Lassa fever.
Foreman : I'll start the ribavirin.
House : I did say it up front.
House : It's great to have the old team back together again, huh?
UNK: Yesterday, it's poisoning,
Joseph : today, Lassa fever.
Joseph : Maybe a specialist...
Dibala : Joseph, leave him alone.
Dibala : These people know what they are doing.
Dibala : Are you married, doctor?
UNK: No.
Dibala : You have a girlfriend?
UNK: Yes.
Dibala : Judging by your tentative answer
Dibala : and the complicated expression on her face,
Dibala : I believe that is she standing in the hallway.
Thirteen : I got a call from Douglas' department at Princeton General.
Thirteen : They want me to interview with them.
Thirteen : Which is weird because when I called last week,
Thirteen : they said they had nothing available,
Thirteen : so I never sent in my resume.
Foreman : Douglas owes me a favor.
Chase : Most people send chocolates.
UNK: And I'd stand outside your apartment all night holding up a boom box
Foreman : except you told me you hate '80s music.
Thirteen : So about dinner, I'm free tomorrow night.
Murphy : I was wondering what that noise was. It's the damn cane.
House : And I'm Greg.
Murphy : And I can't sleep with you banging around with that thing.
House : You're not actually saying that I have too loud a cane?
Murphy : Is that hard for you to understand?
UNK: Well, only in the sense that it has a rubber tip
House : on the end, not a tap shoe.
Murphy : Now you're getting cute with me.
House : Okay, we started badly. I apologize for the noise