Chase : You want us to work for Foreman?
Cuddy : Not permanently.
Cuddy : He is setting up interviews
Cuddy : to replace Taub and Thirteen,
Cuddy : but it might take a couple of weeks.
Chase : Well, what happened to them?
Foreman : He quit, and I had to let her go.
Chase : You actually fired your girlfriend?
UNK: Yes.
Foreman : You two are both competent,
Foreman : and I know I can work with you.
Chase : You really do know how to woo.
Foreman : I need you.
Chase : It would be interesting.
UNK: And we could work together.
Cameron : Did you see who the patient is?
Chase : That's one of the reasons it'll be interesting.
Cameron : Dibala is one of the most repressive dictators in the world.
Foreman : You had no problem treating a guy on death row.
Cameron : Who was still in prison after we patched him up.
Cameron : We fix Dibala, he gets on a plane
Cameron : and executes half his country.
Cameron : He's been repressing an ethnic rebellion in the south,
Cameron : the Sitibi people.
Cameron : It's getting worse.
Cuddy : Dibala is a guest of the US government,
Cuddy : and he's been invited to speak at the UN.
Cuddy : I'm not asking you to love him,
Cuddy : I'm asking you to do your job.
Chase : Utterly incomprehensible.
Chase : And, of course, I'm talking about you firing your girlfriend.
Foreman : We weren't getting along with her working under me.
Cameron : This'll help. Cameron and I worked together.
Foreman : But you weren't her boss,
UNK: and you stopped working together.
Chase : Why don't you just tell her you were wrong and...
UNK: Because I wasn't.
Foreman : I know how this looks.
Foreman : I know it might break us up.
Foreman : But that's better than definitely breaking us up,
UNK: which is what would've happened otherwise.
UNK: Hemorrhagic ulcers in the lungs.
House : Oh, my God, it's three years ago.
House : Does that mean I'm still crazy?
Foreman : You're back?
Cameron : You look good.
Chase : We're just helping out because... I know.
House : I just ran into Thirteen
House : while she was clearing out her locker.
House : My condolences.
House : Although it's not like she's the hottest woman in the world.
Foreman : We haven't broken up. Are you back?
House : Sort of. You get your license back?
House : Not for a month or so.
House : So you'll be in charge, I'm just gonna pitch in a little.
Chase : Dibala thinks it was an assassination attempt.
Chase : Polonium, like the Russian guy in London.
Foreman : FBI checked the service of process forms and his hotel room.
Foreman : No radioactivity trails.
Cameron : Acid reflux?
Chase : No history of asthma or heartburn.
Foreman : He has a bug bite on his hands.
Foreman : Malaria's endemic in his country.
Foreman : Let's start him on Coartem.
House : I don't want to step on any toes,
House : but I guess I do have a higher duty to the patient.
Foreman : If you have something to say, say it.
House : You're rushing to a diagnosis
House : because you're rushing out of this room
House : because you're rightly upset with me.
House : Although I wasn't the one who made that asinine decision to...
Foreman : Do you have anything medical to say?
House : Poison fits better because of the vomiting.
House : Bug bite might not be a bite,
House : it might be the start of chloracne.
Chase : Assassination attempt through dioxin poisoning.
Chase : It's hard to detect. Fits.
Foreman : Start him on olestra.
Foreman : You couldn't have just said dioxin up front?
House : I was hoping you'd get there on your own.
House : So, I guess we should talk to Cuddy.
Dibala : You are sure it is dioxin?