Cameron : Charging. Clear.
Foreman : You want to curl up and cry,
House : the lounge chair's a little more comfy.
Foreman : I switched his meds.
Foreman : I thought I was wrong, so I took him off the antifungals,
Foreman : put him on steroids like you said.
House : You know what that means.
Foreman : I was too late or I was right in the first place.
House : So, either you killed him
House : by not having confidence in your opinion
House : or you killed him by being too attached to your opinion.
House : If you're anything like me, and by the way, you are,
House : you need to know which.
Foreman : He's under lock and key in the morgue.
Foreman : His government wants their own doctors to do the autopsy.
Foreman : They're taking his body out tomorrow.
House : There's a reason I hired you.
House : You used to know what to do with a locked door.
Foreman : I went down to the morgue to rerun the antibodies test.
UNK: You ran it twice.
House : Turns out, I couldn't get in.
Thirteen : They had an armed guard.
UNK: But I saw this.
UNK: It's a sign-in sheet from the morgue.
UNK: Your signature, 9 : 45 this morning.
UNK: That's right before you guys ran the test.
Cameron : What were you doing there?
Chase : Follow-up on a clinic case.
Foreman : What case?
Chase : You think this is really important?
Foreman : One of the patients in the morgue
Foreman : was a 70-year-old woman who had scleroderma.
Foreman : You and Cameron, if you took that woman's blood,
Cameron : you could have messed up the test results
Foreman : so we treated Dibala for the wrong disease.
Chase : Cameron had nothing to do with it.
Foreman : You son of a bitch!
Wilson : He was going to kill the Sitibi,
Chase : every last one of them.
Foreman : I don't care what he was gonna do.
Foreman : He came to us and put his life in our hands.
Chase : All the good we've done,
Chase : every life we've saved, it would have meant nothing
Chase : if we just sent him off to kill hundreds of thousands of people.
Chase : Look at the news.
Chase : The moderates are taking over.
Chase : There's hope for peace talks.
Chase : You tell the world that I faked this test,
Chase : Dibala becomes a martyr. The massacres begin.
Foreman : I cover this up, I become your accomplice.
Foreman : You think you can guilt me into that?
Chase : If the cops are going to come for me,
Chase : please warn me
Chase : so that I can tell my wife first.
UNK: Chase,
Foreman : you really think you can kill another human being
Foreman : without any consequences to yourself?
UNK: No.
Wilson : My neighbor called.
Wilson : He sounded happy.
House : That's nice.
Wilson : Even nicer, he's approving the garden expansion.
UNK: Huh.
Wilson : And even more nicer,
Wilson : he's not going to press charges,
Wilson : even if you don't move out.
Wilson : What did you do to him?
House : I was nice.
House : You really want to know?
Wilson : I think I want to give you the benefit of the doubt.
Tv : Alligators' main prey is smaller animals
Tv : that they can kill and eat with a single bite.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Oh!