Robin : It's just a button, okay?
Robin : Can we just talk about something else, please?
Ted : I ran into Zoey yesterday.
Robin : That's the first time since the breakup.
Robin : How's she doing?
Zoey : I'm still unemployed, so I had to get a couple roommates.
Ted : Saving money.
Ted : Making new friends. No downside.
Zoey : They're all 22 and sell drugs.
Zoey : Which means they're not taking them.
Zoey : So, that's a win.
Ted : I can tell you're really busy so I should...
Ted : I'll let you go.
Zoey : You want to get coffee sometime?
UNK: You know "coffee" is code for "I want to get back together"?
Ted : At first I wasn't sure, but then, she said something that got me thinking.
Robin : I want to get back together.
Ted : Don't worry, we're not.
Ted : I just, I feel bad Zoey's having such a hard time.
Barney : You know what might make you feel better, buddy?
Ted : - I'm not letting you press the button. - I want to press it!
UNK: Sadly, that's all you need to know about my summer.
UNK: Around this time, Uncle Marshall was still having a tough time finding a job.
Lily : because he misspelled the phrase "detail-oriented."
Lily : And when he gets back home,
Lily : he is going to find his favorite soup there waiting for him.
UNK: That's sweet, Lily,
Robin : but didn't you guys get food poisoning here one time?
Lily : Three times.
Lily : But they're really nice about it.
Lily : Their policy is, "Get sick, get a free gallon of soup".
UNK: And so, Lily dropped off Marshall's surprise soup and headed back to work
UNK: to introduce the new class pet.
Lily : This is Mr. Buttons 2.
Lily : Now, after what happened to Mr. Buttons 1,
Lily : we have to be very gentle with...
Lily : Don't eat the soup!
Lily : Thank God.
Marshall : This was about to be my third bowl.
Marshall : Why shouldn't I eat the soup?
Marshall : Why shouldn't I eat the soup?
UNK: 6x24 - Challenge Accepted 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Robin : Mr. Architect, big day for you tomorrow, huh?
Barney : Yeah, getting to stand next to me while I press the button.
Barney : That is going to be legend... wait for it...
Barney : dary adjacent.
Barney : Legendary adjacent!
Robin : You okay?
Ted : This morning I was talking to the foreman.