Foreman : Hey, hotshot.
Ted : You know, Rod, I'm loving that nickname,
Ted : and I can tell it's totally affectionate,
UNK: but I'd prefer Ted.
Rod : Yeah, but you're such a hotshot,
Rod : I figured I'd just call you hotshot.
Rod : Pick one.
Rod : And make sure you like it.
Rod : There's going to be 50,000 of these
Rod : in your big, hotshot building, hotshot.
Ted : 50,000 lightbulbs!
Ted : What if this one's too bright?
Ted : What if this one flickers and gives everyone a weird headache?
Ted : Do you know how many people it takes to change 50,000 lightbulbs?
UNK: Are these people Irish, Polish, blondes? What are we dealing with here?
Ted : There's so many decisions to be made.
Ted : What if I make all the wrong ones and my building just sucks?
UNK: Not possible. Your building is new.
UNK: And I have one rule.
Barney : New is always better.
Ted : You can't keep saying you have one rule if they're always different.
Barney : But "new is always better" is my oldest rule,
Barney : which makes it the best.
Robin : Everything okay?
Marshall : Lily got food poisoning from some soup.
Marshall : And then I ate the soup, exactly three hours later.
Marshall : Which means I can see exactly three hours into my future,
Marshall : and it doesn't...
Marshall : look...
Robin : good.
UNK: I tried to be supportive.
Lily : Oh, baby, can you just hold me, please?
Marshall : Of course, baby.
UNK: But when Lily gets going
UNK: she sounds like a velociraptor from Jurassic Park.
UNK: But then I realized...
UNK: a man can do a lot of living in three hours.
Marshall : So, I'm out experiencing this beautiful, crazy dance called life.
Marshall : My doctor says I need to eat healthier,
Marshall : so I figured the round-trip flight these babies are about to take
Marshall : will land them permanently on the no-fry list.
Marshall : Good-bye, my friend.
Marshall : It's been a hell of a ride.
Marshall : I have to...
Marshall : Hey, babe.
Marshall : The gang says feel better.
Lily : Thanks.
UNK: Wait!
Lily : You didn't tell them I had food poisoning, did you?
Lily : Marshall, when it's stomach stuff, you just say "under the weather",
Lily : or people start picturing you doing unspeakable things.
Marshall : I know.
Marshall : I just said that you had the sniffles.
Marshall : No one is picturing anything
Marshall : but little red-nosed you
Marshall : under a blankie with some hot tea.
Barney : I wonder what end it's coming out of Lily right now.
Robin : I bet it's her tushie.
Barney : I bet it's both.
Barney : Speaking of explosions...
Barney : Enough already, Ted! That button's mine!
UNK: Ted, while texting on his phone : Yeah, fine, okay.
Barney : I got you this job, so I... Say what?
Ted : Whatever.
Ted : It's yours.
Ted : I gotta run.
Ted : Yes.
UNK: It's Bloom, Greenberg and Associates. They want me to come interview.
UNK: I know it's risky to go,
UNK: but this is the best environmental law firm in New York, my dream job.
UNK: Great idea, babe. I'll ask them.
UNK: Is it at all possible, could I come in on Monday?
UNK: Okay, I'll, I'll see you at 5 : 00. Thank you.
UNK: I love and believe in you too, baby.
Robin : Why would Ted
Robin : just give up the button like that?
Robin : He forgot his phone.
Robin : "See you in an hour."
Barney : - Who's that from? - Zoey.
Robin : They're meeting for coffee.
Robin : Ted's getting back together with her!
Barney : Why would Ted get back together with Zoey? He's doing great.
Robin : After a breakup, we all think we're doing great.
Robin : Sometimes the tiniest trigger can unravel you
Robin : and send you crawling right back.
UNK: Ted isn't getting back with Zoey because of lightbulbs.
Robin : Ted's gone back for less.
Ted : Hi, Natalie.
Zoey : You want to get coffee sometime?
UNK: CARTON
Ted : Bro.
Barney : Ted, I only have one rule.
Ted : But I can't reach the worst part.
Ted : Hi, Karen.
Zoey : Want to get coffee sometime?
UNK: CARTON
UNK: Coming up next, our two local pandas,
UNK: Ming Ming and Bao Bao, are expecting a baby.
Zoey : You want to get coffee sometime...?
Robin : Get it together, bro.
UNK: According to my calculations, at 6 : 00 PM,
UNK: my body is gonna pay out
UNK: like the most disgusting slot machine in the world.
UNK: That gives me two hours to go do the interview
UNK: and still get back in time.
Lily : What if you hit the jackpot early?
Ted : Don't worry.
Marshall : I'll be prepared.