Neighbor : I'm talking your ear off, sorry.
Neighbor : Is there anything I can do for you, sweetie?
Marshall : Can... I... borrow...
Marshall : an adult diaper?
UNK: Let's stop Ted. Where are they meeting?
UNK: Zoey wrote, "Meet me at 6 : 00, where it all began,
UNK: where you gave me the orchid at the intersection."
Barney : That's good. All we have to do is think back
Barney : to the time Ted told us about his first date with Zoey.
Ted : Amazing first date with Zoey!
Ted : We met at the intersection.
Robin : That's sweet.
Barney : You weren't listening either?
Robin : I was in a coma.
Robin : I mean, who pays attention to that sappy romantic crap?
Lily : Yeah, I wasn't listening, either.
Lily : Ted really can go on about a bitch.
Robin : Great.
Robin : He could be anywhere. We're flat out of clues.
Lily : Wait. Ted left a message.
Lily : I could hear it 'cause I was in the bathroom...
Lily : blowing my nose. I have the sniffles.
UNK: Hey, Lily, hope you're feeling better.
UNK: Marshall told us you're exploding from both ends like a busted fire hydrant.
Lily : Damn it.
UNK: Anyway, listen, I was going to get back together with Zoey today,
UNK: but I came to my senses on the way out here, so...
UNK: False alarm.
UNK: Oh, crap.
UNK: Just stepped in some gum.
UNK: I'm getting back together with Zoey!
Robin : We're never gonna find him.
Lily : Wait.
Lily : That's was a subway announcement in the background.
Lily : I speak conductor.
Lily : Got it. Ted's at...
Lily : - Ted's at Smith and Ninth Street. - That's the intersection.
Robin : That's in Brooklyn. How are we ever gonna get there in time?
Barney : Way ahead of ya.
Man : Jake Bloom. Great to meet you.
Jake : I'm sorry about the stench.
Jake : We're suing a factory that's been dumping raw sewage
UNK: into a marshland.
Jake : Ten minutes ago,
Jake : I was knee-deep in liquefied human feces.
Jake : And that was just on the F train.
Robin : I can't believe Ted's getting back together with Zoey.
Barney : - They're a total train wreck. - Unmitigated disaster.
Ranjit : Worst couple ever.
Barney : Yeah, almost as bad as us.
Robin : We were a mess.
Robin : Do you remember how awful I looked by the end?
Robin : My hair was falling out,
Robin : my skin was gray, my back was hunched.
Barney : What about me? I got so fat,
Barney : at the end of a date, you'd unhook my bra.
Robin : You were the only boyfriend I ever motorboated.
Barney : Thank God we're not sentimental saps who panic and get back together.
Barney : Seriously,
Barney : why would people do that?
Robin : I guess I get it.
Barney : What do you mean?
Robin : Well, no matter how bad things got...
Robin : Ted really did love Zoey for a minute there.
Robin : Didn't he?
Barney : He did.
Barney : She loved him, too.
Barney : Didn't she?
Robin : Yeah, she did.
Lily : Smith and Ninth Street.
Jake : Let me show you some of the gut-wrenching environmental atrocities
Jake : that we were working to stop, okay?
Jake : Here, pop quiz.
Jake : What is that?
Marshall : That's a seal.
Jake : A bloated seal corpse rotting in industrial waste.
Jake : Now, wait till you see what we found
Jake : when we cut him open.
Robin : - Okay, where the hell are they? - Maybe this isn't the intersection.
Robin : Maybe it is and we're too late. Man, I wish we'd gone to Brooklyn sooner.
Man : I know, right?
Man : Ever since the Trader Joe's opened up,
Man : Brooklyn is so... whatever.
Robin : Wait. Where'd you get that?