Man : Across the street
Ted : at the Intersection.
Robin : So...
Robin : You guys...
UNK: wanna buy some weed or...?
Barney : She's alone! There's still time! But where the hell is Ted?
Robin : Wait a minute. On their first date, he brought her an orchid.
Robin : How much do you want to bet he's gonna do it again?
Barney : Brilliant. But wait, he had a huge head start on us.
Barney : No way he's still in there unless he spent an hour choosing an orchid.
UNK: Ted, leaving the florist's shop : Thanks, Julia!
UNK: Ted, leaving the florist's shop : You know what?
UNK: Ted, leaving the florist's shop : Let me see the pink lady slipper again.
Jake : Now, do you know what that is?
Marshall : A pile of rotting seagull carcasses
Marshall : covered in toxic sludge.
Jake : Being eaten by rats. Exactly.
Jake : Now this next slide...
Jake : I'm sorry. That's my wife's water birth.
Jake : I don't know how that got in there.
Jake : Anyway, that's all my questions.
UNK: Oh, my God, I made it!
UNK: Now just shake his hand,
UNK: clench your very soul and run like hell!
UNK: I like to take 20 minutes at the end of every interview for your questions.
Jake : So don't hold back.
Jake : Whatever you got inside there, you just let her rip.
UNK: I can't do this anymore.
UNK: I'm just gonna tell him the truth.
Lily : When it's stomach stuff, you just say "Under the weather"
Lily : or people start picturing you doing unspeakable things.
Marshall : I have food poisoning and I'm about to start volcanoing
Marshall : toxic sludge out of both ends!
Lily : Nailed it.
UNK: Ted, leaving the florist's shop : Thanks, Julia!
Ted : No, on second thought.
Ted : - Come on. - What the hell?!
UNK: You can't get back with Zoey over a lightbulb.
Ted : I'm not freaking out over a lightbulb!
Ted : I'm freaking out over 50,000 lightbulbs!
Ted : I can't do this!
Ted : I only got this job because you gave it to me, Barney.
Ted : I didn't earn it!
Robin : The future is scary.
Robin : But you can't just run back to the past because it's familiar.
Robin : Yes, it's tempting.
Ted : But...
Barney : It's a mistake.
Ted : You're right.
Ted : Excuse me.
Ted : Can you give this to the blonde sitting alone in there
Ted : and tell her Ted's really sorry?
Ted : Also...
Ted : Indirect sunlight. Don't overwater. Half a cup a week is more than enough.
UNK: And kids...
UNK: that's how I met your mother.
UNK: Psych. It was just some chick.
Lily : Hey, baby, how'd it go?
UNK: Lily, this year,
UNK: this nasty schoolyard bully of a year
UNK: will not stop punching me in the face.
UNK: How did we kick off 2011?