UNK: Hey.
Castle : What's wrong?
Alexis : Dad, they're saying she's dead.
Castle : Who's dead?
Alexis : Hayley Blue. The Gawker website just posted it.
Castle : The girl from the band you like?
Alexis : They say they found her body in an alley in Chelsea.
Castle : Angel, are you sure it's not just a rumor?
Castle : I mean, those gossip blogs, they don't really check facts.
Alexis : They were right when they said Hayley was breaking up the band to go solo.
Castle : Look, if there was any truth to it,
Castle : I'm sure Detective Beckett would've called by now.
Perlmutter : Broken neck. At least that's my prelim.
UNK: No wallet, no phone, no ID.
Castle : - She doesn't need ID. - You know her?
Beckett : - Are you sure it's her? - That's Hayley Blue.
Castle : I took Alexis to see her band, The Blue Pill, last year.
Castle : What happened?
Perlmutter : Well, it looks like she was killed off-site, then brought here and staged.
Beckett : Time of death?
UNK: I'd say between midnight and 3 : 00 a.m., give or take.
Beckett : - Do you guys hear that? - What?
Beckett : The song. It's playing again.
Beckett : It's on repeat.
Castle : Well, that's gotta be a message, right?
UNK: All right, have CSU bag this.
Beckett : Check the body. Fibers, prints, the whole works.
Beckett : Guy could've tossed the body in a dumpster,
Beckett : instead he hangs her from a fire escape.
Beckett : He is sending a message.
Montgomery : It's about time you got back.
Montgomery : We've got a very persistent citizen waiting to ask you some questions.
Castle : Alexis, what are you doing here? How come you're not at school?
Alexis : I have study hall first period. Dad, is it true?
Castle : Uh, yeah, sweetie. I'm afraid so.
Alexis : - What happened? Was it the drugs? Doesn't look like it. Why?
Beckett : - She have a drug problem? Well, she used to.
Alexis : She went to rehab three months ago, after her friends
Alexis : - found her choking on her own... - Okay! You know... You know what,
Castle : I think it's time we reset the parental controls on your computer.
UNK: Please. I had to set parental control on your computer, remember?
Castle : - Speaking of which... - No!
UNK: Beckett! - Yeah?
Esposito : Street was negative for cameras.
Esposito : We got a dozen shoeprints off the alley, size five through 11.
Esposito : Checked her DMV records online.
Esposito : She moved from the address they had listed three months ago.
Beckett : That was about the same time that Hayley went into rehab.