UNK: Autopsy indicates that she was intoxicated at the time.
Ryan : But Erika never believed the official account.
Beckett : Any reason why?
Ryan : Well, she believed that Pam would never drive drunk.
Ryan : And when they found Pam, she was wearing high heels,
Ryan : and Erika said she never drove in heels.
Castle : Three deaths, all leading back to the law firm of Banks and Bauer.
Castle : Is it just me, or is this starting to smell like a John Grisham novel?
Castle : A single car accident with no witnesses?
Castle : Guys, this is a classic conspiracy cover-up.
Castle : Though only a lowly intern,
UNK: Pam stumbles onto something that the firm is doing.
UNK: Something big and nefarious. She has to be silenced.
Castle : Only after the accident, Blaylock can't take the guilt or admit the truth.
UNK: So his only bastion is to escape into the sweet oblivion of drugs.
Beckett : And then when Erika starts coming around,
UNK: they realize they're gonna have to act by eliminating them both.
Beckett : But what are they covering up?
Ryan : Whatever it is, the only possible evidence is on Erika's laptop,
Ryan : - which our killer took. - Yeah.
Castle : Wait. Are we sure about that?
Castle : Erika was meeting Blaylock on the roof, right?
UNK: A guy who, according to the emails, she didn't know very well.
Castle : If I'm Erika, I'm hiding that laptop.
Esposito : Well, we searched her room. It wasn't there.
Beckett : Wait. Do you guys remember the footage from the elevator?
Castle : Yes. She went down to the laundry room first.
UNK: And Lanie said that she found traces of creosote under her fingernails
Beckett : from the boiler room next door.
UNK: Castle & Beckett : The laptop's in the basement.
Ryan : Man, this was Castle's theory. How did we draw the short straw?
Esposito : I don't know. Let me ask you something.
Esposito : You notice anything weird about Beckett?
Esposito : What do you mean?
UNK: Well, she's different.
Esposito : Something's off.
Ryan : What are you saying? Like she's pregnant or...
Esposito : What are you talking about? Where did that even come from?
Ryan : Well, you said she was acting different. They're consenting adults...
Esposito : Beckett is not pregnant. Come on, man.
UNK: What's so wrong about being pregnant?
Esposito : You know, I can't even talk to you about this right now.
UNK: Okay. Well, try to get over it before Jenny tells you the news, okay?
UNK: What? Are you serious?
Esposito : Wow! Congratulations, man. That's great.
Ryan : Thanks, bro.
Esposito : Hold up. There's something up here.
Esposito : - What's that? - That's a laptop.
UNK: Okay, no, that's great. Thank you.
Beckett : So, they found the laptop.
Castle : I knew it. So what was on it?
Beckett : Well, the hard drive is encrypted, so techs are going through it now.
Castle : Well, somewhere on that computer
Castle : is a conspiracy of lies so heinous, so deadly...
Castle : - What's this? - What's what?
Castle : - Boarding pass. - Castle...
Beckett : You fly to DC yesterday?
Beckett : Yes. I did.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : I was invited down for an interview.
Castle : What kind of interview?
UNK: For a position with a federal task force.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Castle : You interviewed for another job in another city and you didn't tell me?