Beckett : Are you familiar with a girl named Pamela Bonner?
Banks : Detective, what is this about?
Beckett : Mr. Rigsdale?
Rigsdale : Name's not familiar.
Beckett : Really? I understand that she was an intern here at the firm last year.
Beckett : Isn't that correct?
Beckett : And isn't it also correct
UNK: that you attended the Banks and Bauer summer associate party last year?
Banks : Don't answer that. Detective, what are you doing?
Beckett : The same thing that my victim, Erika Albrook, was doing.
Beckett : Trying to figure out how her best friend, Pamela Bonner, actually died.
Banks : Her death was an accident.
UNK: Really? Then why do we have a record of lan Blaylock,
UNK: Mr. Rigsdale's attorney at the time,
UNK: receiving a phone call from him at 1 : 45 that night?
Banks : Detective, this is privileged information. It's inadmissible.
Beckett : And we're not in court.
Banks : This meeting is over. You need to leave. Now.
Castle : Just tell me, how am I supposed to trust her?
Castle : How am I even supposed to be in a relationship with her
Castle : - if she won't let me in? - Well, Richard...
Castle : After everything that we've been through together, I...
Castle : I just don't understand.
Martha : I hate to say it, kiddo, but I do.
Martha : Look, the truth is Katherine is a bright, ambitious woman.
Martha : She should be interviewing for that job.
Castle : Whose side are you on?
Martha : You want her to put you first
Martha : when neither one of you know where the relationship is going.
Martha : Do you know how absurd that is?
Martha : I mean, that is as bad as your not signing that check for Alexis' program.
Castle : This isn't about me.
Beckett : Are you sure?
Martha : I know you. You do not hold back.
Martha : Except this thing with Katherine.
Martha : It took you, what, three years to tell her how you felt,
Martha : another year to act on it.
UNK: And now, the first sign of trouble, you're ready to run. Why?
UNK: And you're having a good time. You both are.
Martha : And I know you say you love her.
Martha : But, darling, this is who she is.
Martha : So is it possible that the reason you have held back