UNK: Mrs. Albrook : The only thing I do know is
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : our daughter would never stay in a place like that.
UNK: Mrs. Albrook : Detective, this isn't her.
UNK: Straight-A student, no history of trouble, on a dream European vacation,
Castle : turns into a hooker in a ratty hotel.
Castle : There is no way I'm letting Alexis go to Costa Rica now.
Beckett : Maybe she broke under the pressure of being perfect.
Beckett : Or maybe she just decided she needed a change.
Castle : Honors student to prostitute in less than a week? That's quite a change.
Beckett : Yeah. It doesn't make any sense.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : - Hey, where were you this morning? - What do you mean?
UNK: Just called you a bunch of times.
UNK: Uh, my phone must have been off.
UNK: Ah.
Esposito : Hey, guys. Come check this out.
UNK: 11 : 00 p.m., the night Erika died.
UNK: She takes the elevator down to the laundry room.
UNK: Now, this is 11 : 05.
Esposito : She takes the elevator back up to her room.
Castle : Seems perfectly normal.
Esposito : Yeah, but watch. This is just after midnight.
Esposito : She takes the elevator up to the top floor.
UNK: Alone.
Esposito : But watch what happens when she gets there.
Beckett : Looks like she's making sure no one sees her.
Esposito : Or following her. But that's it.
Esposito : She doesn't come back down.
Esposito : And no one goes back up there until 4 : 00 a.m.
Castle : What about earlier?
Esposito : Nope, the last person to go up to the top floor
Esposito : was another hotel guest an hour earlier. But the guy is 80 years old,
Esposito : there's no way he's climbing a water tower with a body.
Beckett : Sounds like whoever killed her used the stairs.
Ryan : Hey, so no recent activity on her phone.
UNK: She'd left it with her parents, since she was supposed to be in Europe.
UNK: But check this out.
UNK: A credit card charge?
Ryan : Yeah, from two days ago.
Ryan : It's her only transaction since checking into the hotel.
UNK: Margo's. That's a restaurant in Midtown. It's expensive.
Ryan : Yeah, and she wasn't alone.
UNK: Turns out she split the check with a Talia McTeague.
Beckett : Okay, run her down. Maybe she can give us some answers.
Beckett : Hey, is there anything on the canvass?
Ryan : Nothing useful.
Ryan : None of the occupants of the hotel
Ryan : admit to seeing anyone going in and out of her hotel room.
Ryan : But given what they heard coming from her room at night,
Ryan : it's pretty clear she was a prostitute.
Lanie : If she was a prostitute, she wasn't very good at it.
Castle : Seriously? You can tell that?
Lanie : Prostitution usually means sex, and there's no evidence of sexual activity.
Lanie : But what I did find were defensive wounds,
Lanie : bruising around the neck and evidence of multiple blows to the head.
Lanie : I'm guessing someone held her by her throat,
Lanie : and slammed her head into that ventilation fan.