UNK: Tory Ellis : So I ran down all the IP addresses that were accessed
UNK: Tory Ellis : through the hotel's server to find out what our victim was up to.
Gates : Any luck?
Tory : The majority of the IPs were to porn sites.
Esposito : Really? Which ones?
Tory : I took the liberty of ruling those out, as well as normal commercial sites.
Tory : Google, Amazon, YouTube.
Tory : That narrowed it down to a couple hundred sites.
Ryan : So we're still looking for a needle in a haystack.
Tory : Not necessarily. I took those and went back,
UNK: looking for multiple unique site hits that coincided with the dates your victim
Tory : was checked into the hotel. That left about 20.
Esposito : Ooh. Now we're talking, girl. I can deal with 20.
Tory : You might not have to. Of those 20,
Tory : I looked for IPs that were accessed late at night, during the period
Tory : when your witness claimed the victim was on her laptop.
Tory : This is your most likely candidate.
Tory : The server IP was accessed multiple times a night,
Tory : nearly every night Erika was at the hotel.
UNK: And who does it belong to?
Ryan : IP was traced to Banks and Bauer. It's a boutique law firm in Midtown,
UNK: represents high-level politicos and corporations.
Castle : Maybe Erika was some kind of online Erin Brockovich, you know.
Castle : A crusader for good, delving into the seedy underbelly of the legal system,
UNK: in order to uncover some seamy truth.
Beckett : Or maybe she was just hired by a rival firm
Beckett : to steal privileged information.
Castle : Now, why must you be so cynical?
Beckett : It's in my job description.
Castle : Which is why you need me.
Beckett : Okay, why don't you dig into Erika's life.
Beckett : Castle and I will hit the law firm and see if there's any connection.
Castle : Thank you?
UNK: Jessica Banks : No. I've never seen her before in my life.
UNK: Ms. Banks, you're sure?
Banks : I'm positive. Mitch!
UNK: This is my partner, Mitch Bauer. Do you know this girl?
UNK: Mitch Bauer : No. Should I?
UNK: The police think she may have hacked our server.
UNK: Why? What did she access?
Esposito : We don't know.
Bauer : - Well, is she in custody? - Sort of.
UNK: - What do you mean, "sort of"? - She's dead.
Beckett : Actually, she was murdered,
Beckett : and we believe it might have to do with whatever it was
Beckett : she was trying to access from your system.
Tech : Security software and firewall protection don't indicate any incursion.
UNK: Yeah, but if the hacker is good, your software may not pick it up.
UNK: Is there any way to trace network activity on your server
Beckett : - for the past week? - Yeah.
UNK: There. Between 11 : 00 p.m. And 3 : 00 a.m., all last week.
Tech : But according to the usage logs, no one was signed onto the system at that time.
Banks : Are you telling me this girl had access to our records
UNK: for the past week and a half and you have no idea what she was doing?
Tech : I'm afraid so.
Beckett : Are there any cases or litigation
Beckett : that your firm's involved in currently
Beckett : that might hinge on privileged information?
Banks : Are you kidding me, Detective? We're a law firm. All of them.
Esposito : So no one at the law firm knew what she was looking for either?
Beckett : Either that or they're covering something up.
Beckett : But the only evidence of what she was up to is on that missing laptop.
Castle : So without it, we're dead in the water. Much like Erika.
UNK: Castle & Esposito : Too soon.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I got something.
Ryan : That phone call that she made to her friend to arrange lunch
UNK: had me wondering exactly where that call came from.
Ryan : Turns out, it was a payphone at the hotel.
Ryan : So I ran down the other calls made from that phone. One of them popped.
UNK: Lan Blaylock?
Ryan : Yeah, he was an attorney at Banks and Bauer until he was fired six months ago.
Ryan : She made three phone calls to him from that phone,
Ryan : each lasting over five minutes. This is Blaylock.
Beckett : Mr. Blaylock, NYPD!
Beckett : Mr. Blaylock? Open up!
Ziff : I think our plot just thickened.
Lanie : I'm pretty sure this wasn't a suicide.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Lanie : See that diagonal ligature mark running up his neck?
Alexis : - Yeah. - Well, that's what we'd expect to find
Lanie : because the weight of the body pulls the cord into a vertical line.
Freedman : - But... - But this other faint ligature mark,
Lanie : see how it runs horizontally across his neck?
Beckett : He was strangled first.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Then strung up.
Castle : So we have a second murder.
Lanie : Well, technically, it's the first murder.
Lanie : Given temperature and decomposition,
UNK: I'd say he died at least a day before our lady in the water tank.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : So I was going through Blaylock's recent activity
UNK: and I found this chat exchange between him and an anonymous user.
UNK: "Changed my mind. Can't live like this anymore.
UNK: "Will tell you everything I know.
UNK: "Where can we meet?"
Ryan : Person replies, "There's a place near where I'm staying.
UNK: "Cedric Hotel. Rooftop. At midnight."
Beckett : She asked him to meet her up there.
UNK: She must've thought it was a location she could control.
UNK: Guys, look what time he sent that message.
UNK: 10 : 00 p.m. The night she was murdered.
Castle : Right, but according to Lanie's time of death, Blaylock was already dead.
Beckett : So this was sent by whoever killed him.
UNK: They lured her out.
UNK: Then killed her, too.
Beckett : So the folks at the law firm claim that they have no idea
Beckett : why anyone would murder Blaylock, or why Erika was looking for him.