Castle : Whoever she went up against killed her and took it.
Esposito : Problem. We don't know who she went up against
Esposito : and none of her friends seem to know either.
Beckett : Okay, contact The Cedric's Internet provider
UNK: and get a list of all the IP addresses
Beckett : accessed by residents over the past two weeks.
Beckett : There's gotta be an answer somewhere in there.
Castle : How about I take a break from writing tonight,
Castle : you come to my place, I open a bottle of wine.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett. Can I have a word?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : - I'll catch you later? - She's all yours.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Sir. - Shut the door.
Gates : Have a seat.
Freedman : I, uh...
UNK: I just got a call about you.
Gates : From the Deputy Director of the FBI.
Gates : Apparently you had quite the interview in DC this morning.
Beckett : - Look, sir, it was... - I just want to tell you that...
Gates : I gave you my highest recommendation.
Alexis : You did?
Gates : Kate, this is the kind of work you were meant to be doing.
Gates : You'd be on the national stage, utilizing all your talents.
Gates : This is an incredible opportunity. I would've killed to have a shot at
Gates : something like this when I was your age.
Beckett : Thank you, sir, but it was just an interview.
UNK: I mean, it's a long shot at best.
Gates : No, I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Gates : From what I hear, you're on a short list.
Gates : And with any luck, this could be your last case.
UNK: Oh, girl, you scared me. What are you doing here so early?
Beckett : I just wanted to see if you had anything new on the victim.
Lanie : Well, I was able to place time of death between 12 : 00 midnight and 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
Lanie : Oh, and I found traces of creosote under her fingernails,
Lanie : which is probably meaningless,
Lanie : since the boiler room is right next to the laundry room
UNK: and it could've gotten on her hands when she went down there.
UNK: But...
Lanie : That's not why you're here, is it?
Lanie : Okay, what's wrong?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Yet.
Beckett : Lanie, if you had the opportunity to do something that you wanted to do,
Beckett : but it would mean that