UNK: Greg House : I'm not competing.
UNK: Where's Taub? Foreman was following him.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : So, you paged Taub.
UNK: Didn't see that I had much choice.
UNK: He has schistocytes on his blood smear
UNK: which means DIC's causing the clotting.
UNK: What's causing the DIC?
UNK: Drug impurities. You lost your round.
UNK: Amber Volakis : New symptom, new round. This has to be drug related.
UNK: "thirteen" : This is how doctors kill patients, by seeing the stereotypes...
UNK: Amber Volakis : Drug addicts use drugs is a stereotype?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Drugs are bad is a stereotype?
UNK: Losers lose is... Malaria.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : He hasn't left the country in years.
UNK: "thirteen" : Malaria's relapsing-recurring.
UNK: "thirteen" : For all we know, he could have been sick for years.
UNK: "thirteen" : It explains not just the DIC and the bleeding, but the tiredness, fever,
UNK: "thirteen" : everything we attributed to drugs.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Oh, yeah. It's much more likely that this ass punk rocker
UNK: Amber Volakis : was exposed to malaria than drugs?
UNK: Greg House : If you were always right, then you wouldn't have just been wrong.
UNK: Greg House : Or let the patient mainline nicotine.
UNK: Greg House : Or ravaged my anatomical model,
UNK: Greg House : which Grandma House bought me when I aced my MCATs.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : A pharmaceutical rep left that here on Tuesday.
UNK: Greg House : Grandma does some part-time work.
UNK: The rep was a 30-something babe.
UNK: Greg House : Thank you. I got her hips.
UNK: Greg House : Carry it with pride.
UNK: Greg House : Manipulative bitch, you're wanted in the loser's circle.
UNK: Greg House : Why do you hate drug addicts?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Your situation is different.
UNK: Amber Volakis : You're taking a necessary prescription...
UNK: Greg House : I know. I'm fabulous. And I'm not the patient.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I'm not allowed to have a problem with junkies?
UNK: You're allowed. There's gotta be a reason.
UNK: He's the patient. You don't know him. Why do you hate him?
UNK: Amber Volakis : He's throwing his life away.
UNK: Greg House : 'Cause he's setting his own terms,
UNK: Greg House : not living in fear of every pop quiz?
UNK: Amber Volakis : I thought we were talking about him.
UNK: Greg House : We were never talking about him.
UNK: Greg House : Why are you afraid to lose?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Are you gonna fire me because I like to win?
UNK: Just wanna know the reason.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I watched this football game once, and I noticed something odd.
UNK: Amber Volakis : The winning team was the happy one.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I did the math.
UNK: Greg House : Our patient's happy.
UNK: Amber Volakis : He's an idiot.
UNK: Greg House : He's a happy idiot.
UNK: That screws with your worldview.
UNK: Greg House : There's something freeing about being a loser, isn't there?
UNK: Greg House : Why are you afraid to...
UNK: Amber Volakis : Mommy didn't love me enough. Daddy expected too much from me.
UNK: Something.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Let's assume that's true. I get how that can make me a screwed up person.
UNK: Amber Volakis : But how is my willingness to do anything to get the right answer
UNK: Amber Volakis : bad for my patients?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Or put in terms you can understand, how is it bad for you?
UNK: "thirteen" : I didn't ask you to pick up the meds.
UNK: Chris Taub : I'm trying to be a good colleague.
UNK: "thirteen" : You're trying to boost your score
UNK: "thirteen" : by prescribing drugs for House.
UNK: "thirteen" : Why else would you have a second bag?
UNK: Chris Taub : Didn't say good colleague to you.
UNK: "thirteen" : You realize we still have a patient.
UNK: Chris Taub : Don't care about the patient.
UNK: "thirteen" : You care about this job more than you care about his life?
UNK: Chris Taub : I care about my wallpaper more than I care about his life.
UNK: "thirteen" : Okay. You're jerking me around.
UNK: "thirteen" : There's no reason to be a doctor if you don't care.
UNK: Chris Taub : I care about life. I just don't care about his.
UNK: Chris Taub : He doesn't care, why should I?
UNK: Chris Taub : My time is better spent...
UNK: "thirteen" : Kissing up to your boss?
UNK: Chris Taub : Average doctor cuts off a patient 18 seconds into a history,
UNK: Chris Taub : because that's all the time he's got.
UNK: Meanwhile, six of us are administering to a guy with a death wish.
UNK: "thirteen" : So, why do you want the job?
UNK: Chris Taub : Not because I'm maximizing my service to mankind.
UNK: "thirteen" : Good for you.
UNK: "thirteen" : Where is he?
UNK: Chris Taub : We're gonna spend the next hour
UNK: Chris Taub : looking for a guy who doesn't wanna be found.