Beckett : I mean, I could write a haiku for you instead.
UNK: No, that's against the rules.
Beckett : Since when do you follow rules?
Castle : Since I'm the one who made them.
Castle : You should probably get me your first draft
Castle : by the time we get to the precinct holiday party.
Beckett : That's two days away!
Castle : See? Plenty of time.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
UNK: So get ready for a murder with a little holiday spirit.
UNK: It went down around 10 : 30 p.m.
UNK: Witnesses saw a black Mustang, no plates,
UNK: chasing after this guy.
UNK: This was a drive-by?
UNK: But he looks like he was shot close range.
Esposito : Yeah, and the shooter capped him in the head to finish him off.
Beckett : So this wasn't random.
Beckett : Did anyone get a good look at the assailant?
Esposito : Yeah, when he drove by like a bat out of hell.
UNK: Fuzzy red hat, big white beard.
UNK: Seriously? Our killer is Santa Claus?
Esposito : Three witnesses, all told the same story.
Castle : Guys, squeezing down countless chimneys?
Castle : Delivering millions of presents in one night?
UNK: It was bound to happen.
Castle : Santa finally cracked.
UNK: Or our victim was naughty instead of nice.
UNK: That's tasteless.
Beckett : Or our killer just wore a Santa suit because
UNK: that was the perfect disguise at this time of year.
Beckett : So what do we know about the victim?
UNK: His name's Eric Mercer, lives in Midtown.
UNK: His hospital ID says he was an ER doctor at Saint Simon's.
Beckett : Do we know where he was coming from?
Esposito : Not yet, but he bought a latte at a coffee shop
Esposito : six blocks away from here
Esposito : before our gun-toting Saint Nick came after him.
Esposito : And the barista there said that Mercer was carrying a blue backpack.
Esposito : But witnesses who saw Mercer running
Esposito : said there wasn't any backpack.
Beckett : Okay, let's set up a search from here to that coffee shop.
Beckett : That backpack may contain clues as to why he was killed.
UNK: Well, maybe the last person that Mercer talked to
UNK: Kevin Ryan : can shed some light on that.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Ten minutes before he was shot,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Eric Mercer called someone at Saint Simon's Hospital.
UNK: Dr. Deb Lander : That was me. I just talked to Eric a few hours ago.
UNK: Dr. Deb Lander : I'm sorry, this is just such a shock.
Beckett : How did he seem when you talked?
Deb : A little on edge, I guess. Like he was in a hurry.
Castle : Did he say why?
Deb : I assume it was his uncle.
Deb : His uncle has cancer and lives alone.
Deb : Eric tried to be there for him.
Deb : He missed work last night, too.
Beckett : Do you know his name? Edward, I think.
Deb : Edward Mercer.
Deb : Maybe he knows why this happened to Eric.
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: What you got for me, girl?
Lanie : I found these on the arm of the vic's jacket.
Lanie : Some kind of tiny crystals.
Esposito : Could they be from the Christmas decorations that he landed on
Esposito : after he crashed through the window?
Lanie : No, these are mineral crystals.
Lanie : Hopefully the lab can ID them.
Esposito : Hang on.
Esposito : You always call me down here after the lab results are in.
Esposito : Which leads me to believe that you may have some ulterior motives.
UNK: Javi, I wanna ask a little favor.
Esposito : Anything you need.
UNK: So my parents barely ever leave Louisiana,
Lanie : and they're flying out to Paris tomorrow,
UNK: and they have a last-minute layover in New York.
Lanie : They want us all to get together.
Esposito : So it's, uh, meet the parents?
Lanie : Are you okay with that?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, why wouldn't I be?
Esposito : That's not even really a favor,
UNK: that's just me stepping up.
UNK: Hmm-mmm.
Lanie : See, I didn't get to the favor part yet.
UNK: What?
Esposito : You didn't?
Lanie : See, um, my parents...