Ryan : What do you think that's about?
Esposito : I don't know. But I don't like him going around us like this.
Lanie : Hey, baby.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey!
Lanie : Javier, these are my parents, Walter and Melinda.
UNK: How you doing... Oh, okay.
UNK: Walter Parish : We're huggers in the Parish family, son.
UNK: Walter Parish : And go ahead, call me Dad.
Esposito : Oh, okay.
Esposito : Ooh, I can see where Lanie gets her beautiful eyes from.
Esposito : And her medical brain must come from you.
UNK: I hear that you're a surgeon?
UNK: Cardiothoracic. But retired.
UNK: Melinda Parish : No shop talk, dear.
UNK: Melinda Parish : The only talk I want is to hear the story.
Lanie : What story?
Melinda : The proposal, of course.
Lanie : Oh! That story! Right.
UNK: Javi?
Esposito : Yes, the story.
UNK: Um... Well, we, um...
Esposito : You know, baby, you tell it so much better than me.
Beckett : Why don't you...
UNK: Detective Mcbride : This guy! You should have seen him.
Ryan : He rows Lanie out into the middle of the Central Park boat pond.
Ryan : He gets down on one knee,
Ryan : so nervous he nearly capsizes the boat,
Ryan : almost sends them both into the water.
Ryan : That's just what Lanie did,
UNK: when she saw that ring. Ah!
Ryan : Perfect fit. Right.
Ryan : I'm Kevin, by the way.
UNK: Espo's partner and, you know, proposal planner in crime.
UNK: That's so romantic. I wanna hear all about the courtship.
Lanie : I just wish we had time for all of that. Right.
Lanie : But, you know, with us having to get back to work,
Lanie : and you having to catch your plane... Yeah.
Walter : Actually, I just got a text that our flight's been delayed till tomorrow.
Walter : So why don't we all go out and have dinner a little later?
UNK: Ohhh!
UNK: Yes, that sounds great, Walter.
UNK: I mean, Dad.
Christopher : You sure he's good?
Christopher : Ask your questions. I'll tell you what I know.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : So Dino says you were set up.
UNK: So who'd wanna frame you?
UNK: I'm his right-hand man.
UNK: I know 50 guys who'd slit my throat like that.
Christopher : But they'd kill me.
UNK: Not one of 'em would frame me.
UNK: Richard Castle : All right, then let's talk about Eric.
UNK: Eric, uh, recently had some concerns.
Castle : Concerns that someone was after him?
Christopher : Not exactly, uh...
Christopher : See, Eric being our doctor, we kept that secret.
UNK: You know, so he could have a life outside the family.
Christopher : But I guess he was afraid that his secret got out,
Christopher : because a few days ago, he comes to me and he asks a favor.