UNK: What kind of a favor?
Beckett : He wanted phone-tap detectors.
Christopher : You know, tracing equipment.
Christopher : He thought he was being watched.
Castle : By whom? I don't know.
UNK: You know, at the time, I thought he was just being paranoid.
Christopher : But I wanted to be safe,
UNK: so I hooked him up with Cyber Rita.
Rita : Are you morons ready?
Rita : I'm cutting the alarm in three, two, one.
UNK: Bam.
Rita : Yeah, I helped the doc.
Castle : Well, did Eric tell you who he thought was watching him?
Rita : What are you talking about?
Castle : When he asked for the counter-surveillance equipment.
Rita : That's not what he asked me for.
Castle : It isn't?
Rita : No, Christopher called me and told me
Rita : to give Eric whatever he needed.
Rita : So I did.
Castle : And what did Eric need?
Rita : Well, it sounds like Eric told Christopher one thing and me another.
UNK: So I'm not gonna say another word
Rita : until I'm sure that Lurch over there
UNK: isn't gonna have me sleepin' with the fishes.
Castle : Lurch, would you... Rocco, I mean, could you...
Rita : He wanted hot credit cards.
Castle : Stolen credit cards? What for?
Rita : So he could buy things and not have to pay for them.
Castle : Thank you. That's...
Rita : I gave him a dozen.
Rita : So each is good for about two grand before it needs to be tossed.
Castle : Did Eric say why he needed $24,000?
Rita : Maybe for wheels.
Rita : He asked if he could use the card
UNK: to access a Swipe-N-Go car rental,
UNK: but I told him he was definitely gonna need a fake ID to go with the card.
UNK: Okay, could you email me those credit card numbers
UNK: so I could see if he used them? Yeah.
UNK: Oh. Ah!
Rita : Which of you idiots just triggered the security door?
Castle : Stolen credit cards, a possible getaway car?
Beckett : It sounds like Eric was about to go on the run.
Castle : Only the killer got to him first.
Beckett : Okay, so if Christopher didn't kill him, then who did?
Castle : Maybe whatever Eric was charging
Castle : on those cards could give us a lead.
UNK: Unfortunately, the cards are a bust.
Ryan : I ran the numbers. No recent activity.
Castle : Did we ever find those cards?
Ryan : No, not in his hospital locker,
UNK: or in his apartment, or on his body.
UNK: Hmm, maybe the killer took them.
Ryan : Well, I'll have Tory monitor the numbers, see if any activity pops.
Esposito : Think I got a lead.
Ryan : So we're really thinking that this killer
Castle : is not Christopher Carlucci, right?
UNK: Yes. Maybe.
UNK: No.
Esposito : Oh, come on, the guy is guilty.
Esposito : Nobody thought otherwise
Esposito : until Castle over here started moonlighting for the mob.
Castle : I think that might be overstating it a little.
Esposito : You took a blood oath.
Esposito : You let them turn you into an honorary mobster.
Esposito : What's wrong with you?
Ryan : Come on, man.
Ryan : How many people outside of the mafia
Ryan : ever get to swear Omerta?
Ryan : I think it is an experience of a lifetime.
Esposito : Of course you would.
UNK: But didn't you say you had a lead? Yeah.
Esposito : The lab was able to identify the crystals that Lanie found on Eric's sleeves.
Esposito : They're made up of sodium ferrocyanide
Esposito : mixed with sodium chloride, which means...
Castle : It's road salt.
Castle : It hasn't snowed in weeks.
Castle : So why would Eric be literally up to his elbows in salt?
Esposito : I don't know, but there are only four salt depots on the island,
UNK: and one of 'em happens to be within three blocks of our crime scene.
Beckett : The blue backpack.
Ryan : We searched for it, we never found it.
Beckett : That's because just before Eric died, he hid that bag.
Castle : The salt depot.
Castle : Man, the places we go to follow a lead.
Castle : But if it points to our killer, it's worth it indeed.
Beckett : If that's you trying to help me with my poem,
Beckett : then it's not working.
UNK: Right over here. This is where Eric gained access.
Castle : Wait, is that the uh...
Castle : Right there.
Castle : The victim's blue backpack.
Castle : You were right.
UNK: Eric must've stashed it here before he was killed.
Beckett : Yeah, but what was he trying to hide
Beckett : that he didn't want anyone to find?
Beckett : Bloody clothes?
Castle : With bullet holes.
Lanie : Here's what I can tell you.
Lanie : The guy who wore these clothes was about six feet,
Lanie : maybe 180, 200 pounds.
UNK: What about his injuries?
Lanie : Two shots to the back. Both bullets exited the front of his body.
Lanie : Based on where he was hit and the amount of blood,
Lanie : he probably didn't survive.
Esposito : So did any stiffs come in with those kinds of wounds?
Esposito : Minus his clothes, of course.
Lanie : No, I already checked.
Beckett : Can you tell when he was shot?
Lanie : Blood coagulation says it was within the last two days.
Esposito : Eric missed work two days ago,
UNK: and his Hytch app showed that he went to that surgical suite in Queens.
UNK: So then maybe this was one of his mob patients.
Castle : He wasn't. At least, not according to Dino.
Castle : No recent gunshot wounds in the family,
Castle : and Eric hadn't treated anyone in the past week.
UNK: Then Eric must've treated someone else,
Beckett : someone not connected to the Carluccis.
Beckett : Could that mean that Eric operated
Beckett : on someone from another family?
Castle : If he did, and said mobster is dead or missing,
Castle : then perhaps Detective McBride has heard about it.
Lanie : Meantime, I'll run DNA to see
Lanie : if this blood matches anyone in the system.
UNK: Thanks, Lanie.
Esposito : Hey, hey. Hey.
Esposito : So what's the game plan to survive dinner with your parents?
Lanie : I don't know. We barely survived five minutes with them.
UNK: Well, what if they ask us where we wanna live?
Esposito : When we want kids?
UNK: They gonna see right through us.
Esposito : Maybe we should come clean.
Lanie : Javi, I can't come clean.
Lanie : If I come clean, I will never hear the end of this.
Lanie : Look, you met them, you kept your promise.
Lanie : You can skip dinner.
Lanie : I'll say something came up, like a dead body.
Esposito : No way.
Esposito : I can't be the kind of fiance that bails
Esposito : on the one time your parents were in town.
Esposito : I have to go. We're engaged.