UNK: It'll just be a couple minutes till someone's ready to see you.
Chase : Maybe it's not stupidity, it's a symptom.
Chase : Cocaine abuse can cause paranoia and chest pain.
Park : This isn't necessarily paranoia. Societies do fall apart.
Park : Look what happened with London in the riots.
Chase : There's a difference between an isolated riot
Chase : and the fall of civilization.
House : April Donaldson?
House : Sorry, misspoke.
Park : Imagine what would happen if there was a terrorist attack
Park : on the food supply,
Park : or a pandemic where we had to ration the antibiotics.
Adams : That's ridiculous.
UNK: Ouch.
Adams : Oh, shut up. We know what you're trying to do and it's not gonna work.
Park : It was a little harsh.
Adams : Stop being so...
Park : What? Paranoid?
House : You're gonna look pretty foolish if that was a wrong guess.
Adams : I think you're a good person and a fine doctor,
Adams : but it's ridiculous to think anyone needs
Adams : an arsenal of assault weapons.
Adams : He's obviously paranoid. What about Fahr's disease?
Park : He's not hallucinating. As far as we know.
Adams : We should do a mental status examination
Adams : and get a CT of his basal ganglia.
Park : No, we shouldn't. If it's not poison,
Park : it's most likely atrial fibrillation
Park : brought on by hyperthyroidism or sleep apnea.
House : Looks like we got ourselves a good old fashioned cat fight.
Adams : No, we don't. We have a reasoned disagreement.
House : Still, there's only one way to settle this.
House : Actually, there's two, but we don't have
House : enough Jell-O for the first.
House : Mini-mental, CT, and get a hair sample
House : to check for past cocaine use.
House : Check his TSH levels and get a sleep study.
UNK: Sorry, gotta make it a fair fight,
Taub : which means you're stuck with her.
UNK: He's not stuck with me.
Adams : And it's not a fight.
House : Excuse me, miss.
House : What is your name?
Lady : Mariel Wilkerson.
UNK: Hah.
House : You don't look like a Mariel. You're up.