UNK: Can you... I don't know how to use the program.
Foreman : Then find someone who does. I gotta get out of here.
House : Got your page.
Wilson : You're an ass!
House : Admit it.
Wilson : Let me down.
House : After you admit it.
House : I'm a little tired. I think I'm gonna go...
Wilson : All right, I admit it.
Wilson : Despite the fact that I know there's a gun in here,
Wilson : I'd never find it because you are more devious...
UNK: Clever. Devious.
Wilson : All right. Fine, clever.
Wilson : More clever, and you'll always be one step ahead of me.
Anita : You're either preparing to fight Pacquiao,
Anita : or you're having one heck of a bad day.
Anita : I'm Anita.
Foreman : Eric. Nice to meet you.
Foreman : And you can tell Taub
Foreman : that he's gonna get the same treatment as this heavy bag
Foreman : if he doesn't cut this crap out.
Anita : Who's Taub?
Foreman : You know, I'm sure you're a nice person,
Foreman : and you have no idea what you've gotten sucked into,
Foreman : but really, I'm not interested.
Anita : Okay, and I'm sure you're a nice person,
Anita : but I just moved from Atlanta,
UNK: and this is my first time at this gym,
UNK: so I definitely don't know who this Taub guy is.
Anita : But I already agree. He's a jerk.
Anita : Are you sure you don't want to start over?
Anita : Take your time. I'll be around.
Foreman : Taub, it's Foreman.
Foreman : What's going on?
Chase : Need some droperidol in here!
Taub : He was hallucinating he was being attacked by bears.
Adams : Points again to paranoia.
Adams : I agree, except for the "again."
Park : Acute onset points to tularemia.
Adams : Or it's been chronic, which points to GAD autoimmunity.
UNK: Explains the neurological impairment,
Adams : as well as the normal blood work.
Park : Tularemia doesn't always show up in the blood work either.
Chase : You know what else doesn't show up in the blood work?
Chase : Nothing. This could all be psychiatric.
Chase : An untreated schizoid disorder,
Chase : he's finally lost the ability to suppress.
Park : Schizophrenia doesn't cause skin ulcers or fevers.
Chase : No, but digging delusions out of your skin
Chase : with dirty fingernails could cause both.
Taub : I don't think he's a psych case.
Wilson : Because you're paranoid about paranoia.
UNK: Because his symptoms point toward an infection that's spread to his brain.
Park : I think we should treat with high dose broad spectrum...
Adams : Which will kill him if it's a GAD autoimmunity.
House : Treat for GAD.
House : Corticosteroids and IV immunoglobulin.
Park : I'm not paranoid. And they don't dislike me.
Park : They don't even really know me.
UNK: Did they tell you that?
Park : I didn't ask because you wouldn't believe the answer.