UNK: If it makes you feel better to think that.
Park : You're the one everyone dislikes.
Park : You probably don't even think it's GAD.
Park : You're just agreeing with her
Park : because you think it'll create more conflict between us.
House : There's only one way to find out.
House : Actually, there's two, but we're still waiting for that Jell-O delivery.
House : Let me know how it goes.
UNK: Gotcha!
House : You poor dumb bastard.
UNK: Touché.
Anita : God, this is exactly what I needed.
Foreman : Tell me about it.
UNK: Nita? Oh, my God.
UNK: Who's that, your roommate?
UNK: No. It's just... You have to go.
UNK: Why, what's the big deal?
UNK: Please, I'm... I'll explain later.
Anita : Just hurry up, please.
Foreman : You have a boyfriend?
Anita : No' he's not my boyfriend.
Anita : He's my husband. I'm really sorry.
UNK: Anita from Inside : Hey, I thought you weren't getting back till tomorrow.
Park : His fever's going through the roof,
Park : which means we were wrong about GAD,
Park : and the steroids kicked the infection into high gear.
UNK: Or it is GAD and we started treatment too late.
House : Increase the steroid dose.
Park : We can't.
Park : If it's an infection, we'll kill him for sure.
House : If we increase the steroids, either death comes slower,
House : which means we were too late with the GAD, or death comes faster,
House : which means we were too stupid with the infection.
Park : We were already stupid with infection, but it's not too late.
UNK: He's young and was perfectly healthy two days ago.
Park : He can fight this off, if we give him a chance.
House : Fine, but a shotgun is not gonna work. We need a sniper rifle.
Adams : You just said you wanted to increase the steroids.
UNK: Now you wanna just...
House : I changed my mind.
Wilson : Well, you don't have a gun.
Wilson : But you do have my sunglasses,
Wilson : my tennis racket, I can't imagine why...
House : Had to kill a mouse.
UNK: It's really hard with those stupid little sunglasses.
Wilson : And my money clip.
House : Was there any money in it?
Wilson : Not anymore.
House : Can I go to bed now, or do you want to do a cavity search?
House : Lock up on your way out.
Adams : This is ridiculous.
Adams : Every moment we waste looking for a phantom infection
Adams : is time we could be treating him.
Park : For the wrong diagnosis. If it was GAD, he'd be having seizures.
UNK: And if it was infection,
Adams : there would be some sign of it in his blood or CNS,
Adams : which there isn't. Yet.
Chase : I'm beginning to think we should just go with House's idea.
Taub : This was House's idea. He said...
Chase : No, I'm talking about the Jell-O.
Chase : At least it wouldn't be so annoying to watch.
UNK: Taub. You got a minute?
Wilson : You're an ass. You know that?
Taub : What's the problem? Some cute, young nurse baked you cookies?
Foreman : No. Some guy almost caught me making out
Foreman : with his wife in their living room.
Taub : And how exactly is that my fault?
Foreman : If you hadn't been screwing with me
Foreman : and put the idea in my head...
Taub : So you don't date anyone unless I put the idea in your head.
Taub : You really do need psychiatric help.
Foreman : Unlike you, I don't need drama.
Foreman : I like my job and I'm happy with my life.
Taub : You're so happy with your life
Taub : you've got nothing better to do at midnight
Taub : than to come back into work to yell at me?
Foreman : Stay out of my business.
Taub : You're blaming the wrong guy.