Foreman : Thinks he had a heart attack, but didn't.
Foreman : His EKG, cardiac enzymes and catheterization are all normal.
UNK: Because it's an anxiety attack.
House : Probably because he just turned 40
House : and still goes by the name "Tommy."
Foreman : It's not anxiety.
UNK: I had the ER docs interview his wife,
Foreman : she confirmed he's been feeling fine.
Foreman : Nothing out of the ordinary at work or at home.
UNK: She probably also believes that he thinks Salma Hayek's breasts are too big.
Foreman : Which is why I had them admit him anyway
Foreman : and treat with alprazolam. No improvements.
House : Because... Because for some patients,
Foreman : the diagnosis of anxiety disorder can actually increase anxiety.
Foreman : Which is also why I told him he had a minor respiratory infection
Foreman : that was easily curable by the medication.
House : You lied?
Foreman : I ruled out heart attack and anxiety disorder.
UNK: Interesting.
Foreman : I know.
House : What, the wiliness with which Foreman ruled out anxiety,
House : or his complete wiliness-lessness before he met me?
Taub : The fact that you managed to smear jelly on nearly every page.
Park : Shingles could cause chest pain before a rash appeared.
House : Pain would be restricted to one dermatome, not cross them.
UNK: Asthma induced pneumothorax would,
Taub : and might not show up on a posteroanterior x-ray.
House : No history of asthma.
Chase : They did a lateral view as well.
UNK: No sign of pneumothorax or deep sulcus sign.
Adams : I treated an inmate once with similar symptoms
Adams : after he tried to poison his cellmate with chlorine gas.
Taub : He didn't realize sharing a cell also meant sharing the air?
Adams : Chlorine gas pools near the ground.
Adams : He thought he'd be safe in the top bunk.
UNK: But why would anyone try to poison our guy?
Taub : He makes a living sending people to prison.
Chase : But he's not in prison, and it's kind of hard to gas a guy
Chase : unless you can seal him in a room first.
House : Which is why Arceus created a universe with three states of matter,
UNK: and 300 solid and liquid poisons that could cause his symptoms.
UNK: Arceus?
House : Look it up. And alkalinize his urine.
UNK: Then search his home, talk to his wife.
House : See if you can get her to tell us what she used.
Adams : Wait, why would you think his wife poisoned him'?
House : Because dangerous people don't break into your home, they live in it.
House : And although his kids are old enough to want Daddy dead,
UNK: they're still too young to do anything about it.
UNK: It must be such a pleasure to live in your head.
UNK: You're right. The kids might be precocious.
UNK: You handle his house. You handle him and his wife.
UNK: They get to just hang out and do nothing?
House : If you need help, you can take whoever you want.
UNK: Chase And Adams : I'll take Taub. I'll take Taub.
UNK: Interesting.
Adams : No, it's not.
UNK: It was a 50-50 choice. I'm totally fine with Taub or Park.
Chase : Cool. I'll take Taub.
Adams : And I'll take Park.
House : That was fun.
Park : Not really.
Chase : Nice move, boss. Lying to the patient.
Foreman : I had no choice. I knew House wouldn't
Foreman : take the case unless I ruled out anxiety.
Taub : You need a girlfriend.
Foreman : To keep me from lying to patients?
Taub : To give you the excitement you need
Taub : so you don't go looking for it.
Taub : You're not working for House anymore.
Taub : Which means you no longer have him to blame if you get caught.
Foreman : I'm not looking for excitement, I'm doing my job.
Foreman : Part of which is to make sure House does his.
Chase : Girlfriend might not be so bad.
Taub : It's less dangerous than where you're headed,
Taub : and that's from a guy with one alimony
Taub : and two child support payments.
Adams : It's this new curve control thing.
Adams : It automatically slows the car
Adams : when it senses I'm taking a curve too fast.
Park : You really think I care about your car,
Park : or are you just trying to avoid talking about
Park : why you don't like working with me?
Adams : There's nothing to talk about.
Adams : House liked poking ant hills with a stick when he was a kid,
Adams : and now he wants to do the same with us.
Park : House is an ass, but he's an intuitive ass.
Park : He obviously noticed something.
Adams : Yeah' the fact that we work well together.
Adams : He thrives on conflict and is looking for someone to torment.
Adams : Don't let it be us.