UNK: Where's Monica? I need to talk to her, it's urgent.
Monica : I'm Monica.
Chandler : I need to talk to you. It's urgent.
UNK: I've been thinking...
UNK: ...about us. A lot of "us" thinking.
Chandler : I guess there's only one way to do this.
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : Don't do it.
Chandler : Will you marry me?
Joey : What a bad idea.
UNK: I can't not look at it.
Monica : Why are you doing this?
Joey : I don't know.
Chandler : But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
Chandler : I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
UNK: Do you think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
UNK: The best reason is pregnancy.
UNK: Sorry is fourth, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married.
Chandler : Will you be my wife?
UNK: I want you to take a minute and think about how ridiculous this sounds.
UNK: I'm kind of wishing everyone wasn't here now.
UNK: None of that came from me.
Monica : I never said I wanted to have babies and get married!
Chandler : I was really confused. Then I talked to these guys.
Monica : Who? Two divorces and Joey?
UNK: She's right, you know?
Ross : Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
UNK: You know when I said that I want you...
UNK: ...to deal with relationship stuff all on your own?
Monica : You're not ready.
Chandler : I didn't think I was!
UNK: Guest #2 : Oh, my God.
UNK: What would you have done if I had said yes?
Chandler : I would've been happy because...
UNK: ...I would spend the rest of my life with the woman I love.
UNK: Or you would have seen a Chandler-shaped hole in that door.
UNK: Will you pass that knife?
Ross : No, I will not.
UNK: You don't have to be mean about it.
Ross : You're right. I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
UNK: I was going to ask you to marry me because I didn't say hello to you.
UNK: Or ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure. Chandler?
Chandler : How long is this going to go on?
Monica : I think the length of teasing...
Monica : ...is directly related to how insane you were. So a long time.
Ross : This is fun!
Ross : Remember that "we were on a break" thing?
Monica : I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Chandler : That's not funny.