Castle : The last murder in that house was 20 years ago.
Castle : I read about the case.
Castle : There were no witnesses.
Mercy : There was one.
Mercy : Jack Sinclair was there.
Castle : The night that woman died,
Mercy : he was there.
ESPOSITO : Pictures aren't pretty.
Castle : Melanie Benton, sliced up in the McClaren house
Esposito : on the night of April 20, 1991.
Esposito : One guess where she was found.
Beckett : The living room.
ESPOSITO : Give that man a prize.
Castle : So 1991, Jack Sinclair was what, 11?
Castle : Still living in the neighborhood.
Castle : I'm betting this is the murder he witnessed.
UNK: Yeah, but, how did he witnes the murder without the killer knowing?
Ryan : I did some digging.
Ryan : Jack had a paper route, and the McClaren house was on it.
CASTLE : Okay, so, Jack shows up, maybe to collect money.
UNK: Hears screams, and he peers in through those windows.
UNK: He started having dreams about what he'd seen all those years ago,
UNK: and he wanted to make sense of them.
Esposito : That's why our vic hired Ron Berger
Esposito : to break in and take pictures of the living room.
Beckett : Was there ever an arrest made?
RYAN : No.
Ryan : Which means the killer's still out there.
Castle : So Jack Sinclair is just about to recover his memory,
Castle : and possibly ID our killer, and he's silenced.
Beckett : Who was the investigating officer on the case?
UNK: Detective Addison Smith : I've been retired 10 years, and I still think about this one.
UNK: Detective Addison Smith : I was the first one on the scene, and I gotta tell you,
UNK: Detective Addison Smith : the pictures don't even do it justice.
UNK: Detective Addison Smith : What Matt Benton did to his poor wife.
Beckett : Matt Benton? You think that Melanie was killed by her own husband?
Smith : Well, the neighbors complained about constant fighting.
Smith : We put out an APB on Benton the night that Melanie was murdered,
Smith : but he got away, and he's been on the lam ever since, so...
UNK: Don't take a genius to put it together.
UNK: Did you ever hear anything about his whereabouts after he disappeared?
Smith : We got one tip once about him being in Europe.
UNK: But that's gotta be a good 15 years ago now.
Castle : So somebody spotted him?
Smith : No. He sent postcards to his brother.
Castle : They were postmarked Vienna.
Castle : What did they say? Do you remember?
Smith : They all said the same thing.
Smith : Benton claimed he wasn't responsible for his wife's death.
Smith : Something about a demon.
Castle : Really? He claimed the re was a demon involved?
Smith : I know! Like anyone's gonna fall for that, right?
Smith : I mean, what kind of jackass did he think he was dealing with?
Beckett : Did you ever follow up on any of those postcards, Detective Smith?
Smith : We got Interpol involved.
Smith : But without any hard evidence against the guy,
Smith : no murder weapon, no witness, you know,
Smith : I don't think they ever took it too seriously.
Beckett : And what if a witness came forward now, would that change anything?
Smith : That would change everything.
Castle : Sounds more and more like Matt Benton found out about Jack
UNK: and decided to keep him quiet.
UNK: But how did Matt find out that Jack was recovering his memories?
Esposito : I have an idea about that.
Esposito : I was rechecking our vic's phone records.
Esposito : It turns out a week before he died,
Esposito : Jack Sinclair called the law firm of Lockhart, Whelan and Benton.
Castle : Benton. As in...
Esposito : Pete Benton, Matt's brother.
Beckett : That's the brother that Matt was sending those postcards to.
UNK: Pete could've easily alerted Matt that someone was asking questions,
Esposito : the wrong kind of questions.
UNK: Pete Benton : My brother sent me those postcards over 15 years ago.
UNK: Pete Benton : I gave them to the cops. I haven't heard from him since.
Beckett : And no contact sin ce then, Mr. Benton?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Not even after talking to Jack Sinclair?
Beckett : Jack Sinclair?
CASTLE : The ghost hunter.
Castle : He was killed in the McClaren house last night.
Pete : I never spoke to Jack Sinclair.
Beckett : Well, his phone records show otherwise.
Pete : I get calls every year from some TV producer
Pete : looking to exploit my family's tragedy
Pete : and the legend of the McClaren mansion.
Pete : Look, it's a shame whatever happened to this guy.
Pete : But if he called here, I did not talk to him.
Pete : And I certainly haven't spoken to my brother.
Castle : So if we check your phone records, we won't find calls to Vienna?
Pete : We're an international law firm.
Pete : We have clients all over Europe, including Vienna.
UNK: We're gonna need access to those phone logs.
Pete : Then you need a warrant.
Pete : And you don't have enough to get one.
UNK: WOMAN ON PHONE : Mr. Benton, your car is downstairs.
Ryan : Law firm's car service of choice is Execu-Drive.
Ryan : Here are Pete Benton's billing slips going back a month or so.
Beckett : Was there any unusual activity?
UNK: Daily routine is the same, to and from work.
UNK: Except for four days ago,
Ryan : when Pete authorized a pickup at JFK, international terminal.
Beckett : Okay, so maybe Pete did have his brother on speed dial.
Beckett : Where'd they g Fairwyck Hotel.o?
Beckett : All right, let's take this down to the Fairwyck
UNK: and see if anybody recognizes Matt Benton.
Esposito : Actually, I had Tech mock up an aged-up version of the photo.
UNK: Steve Fuller : You know, Matt 20 years later.
Beckett : Wait a minute, don't you guys have dinner plans tonight?
UNK: Um... We can move it to
Ryan : some night when Lanie's not coming off a double shift.
Esposito : Actually, Lanie's real ly looking forward to it.
Beckett : You know what? No worries. It's on my way home.
Ryan : You sure? You sure?
UNK: That I don't wanna be the one to blame for ruining Lanie's night out?
UNK: Oh, yeah. I am sure.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Honestly, Richard, how do you plan to solve a one-day-old murder
UNK: Martha Rodgers : by reading a book about a 100-year-old house?
Castle : You sound just like Beckett.
Castle : There has to be a reason why all these things happen in the living room.
Castle : All these murders.
UNK: The tenants who had their furniture smashed,
Castle : all in the same room.
Martha : Maybe that demon of yours did not like the furniture.
Martha : You bring in a decorator, snazz up the place,
Martha : all this nonsense might stop.
Castle : Less like Beckett.
Castle : Oh! No need of snazzing up here.
Castle : Look at you!
Castle : You're really taking these Skype-dates with Ashley seriously.
Alexis : I'm going to a party.
Alexis : Ash was supposed to call me hours ago,
Alexis : but I'm tired of waiting.
Castle : Good for you, sweetheart. Have a good time.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. I'll be back by midnight.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Bye.
Castle : Wow! Did you see that outfit? Should I be worried?
UNK: Ashley is the one who should be worried.
Martha : Trust me, if he could see how she looked going out now,
Martha : he wouldn't be so quick to leave her hanging.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
Martha : Oh, isn't this funny. It's Ashley.
UNK: Decline. CHUCKLES
Martha : It's almost as if he was listening in to our conversation.
Martha : Listening in.
Castle : The architect for the McClaren house.