UNK: No!
UNK: BOTH SCREAMING
Alexis : Dad, are you using me as a shield against flesh-eating zombies?
Castle : No, no, I just wanted you to have a better view.
Castle : Whoa. Whoa, where are you going?
Castle : I really think we're safer in pairs.
Alexis : Sorry, Dad, you're gonna have to fend for yourself.
Alexis : I'm skyping with Ashley.
UNK: What?
Castle : Right in the middle of father-daughter zombie time?
Castle : Can't you do it later? He's not available later.
Alexis : He's got a dorm meeting, and then a seminar after that.
Castle : I know he's busy
Castle : and you are very thoughtful to be so accommodating, sweetheart.
Castle : But a healthy relationship is based on mutual respect.
Castle : I mean, think about what kind of signal you're sending
Castle : if you are the one always rearranging your schedule
Castle : at the other one's every beck and call.
Castle : I mean, if you just drop everything the very moment that...
UNK: PHONE RINGS
Beckett : I'm sorry.
Castle : Hang on.
Castle : Detective Beckett.
Castle : I'll be right there.
CASTLE : I'm worried about Alexis.
Castle : I think her not getting into Stanford
Castle : has upset the balance of power in her relationship with Ashley.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Castle, I wouldn't worry about that.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I mean, Alexis is a girl, and Ashley's a teenage boy.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I'd say she still holds most of the power.
Castle : The Ghost Wranglers are here?
Castle : Okay, that's why I love these guys.
Castle : The body's not even cold, they're already tracking down the ghost.
Beckett : Why doesn't it surprise me that you actually watch that ridiculous show?
Castle : Ridiculously awesome!
UNK: Jack Sinclair is hands-down America's most accomplished ghost hunter.
UNK: Castle,
Castle : Jack Sinclair is the name of our victim.
Castle : And the hunter becomes the hunted.
UNK: Steve Fuller : He was here doing a special about the house. You know, for his TV show.
Castle : Why this place?
Steve : It has a bit of a history.
Beckett : You mean, paranormal history?
UNK: Look, Detective, I'm not saying I believe in that stuff, okay?
Steve : But I've owned the McClaren house for over 20 years,
Steve : and when the phone rings about this place, odds are it's not a busted toilet.
Beckett : Anybody living there now?
Steve : Not for years. It's hard getting tenants to stick around.
Steve : So when this Sinclair guy called, I figured what the hell,
Steve : maybe he could clear the place up, make it rentable.
Steve : But after what just happened...
Castle : What exactly did just happen?
UNK: Lanie Parish : His throat was slit, almost from ear to ear.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Jugular, superior thyroid, common carotid, left and right.
UNK: Lanie Parish : You name it, it's been severed.
Castle : Well, that explains all the blood.
UNK: Here's what I can't explain :
Lanie : depth and nature of the wound tell me
Lanie : that the killer got up close and personal.
UNK: So where are the footprints?
Lanie : Not just that. Look at the blood spatter.
Lanie : You cut all those arteries,
UNK: and the spray is gonna come fast and it's gonna come strong.
Castle : I'll say, it went everywhere.
UNK: But it shouldn't have. Some of it should have landed on the killer.
Castle : Yet, every drop of it landed on the floor.
Lanie : The spray is completely unobstructed.
UNK: Exactly. It doesn't make sense.
UNK: Unless,
Castle : the blood passed right through the killer.
Lanie : Are you saying a ghost did this?
Beckett : Please don't encourage him.
Castle : I'm saying,
Castle : maybe Mr. Sinclair finally met a wraith he couldn't wrangle.
Beckett : Lanie, who called this in?
Lulu : I'm Jack's producer.
Lulu : I worked with him for the last four years.
Beckett : Okay, Lulu, we just need to know
Beckett : everything that happened before you called 911.
UNK: Okay. Jack went in the house at around 7 : 00.
Lulu : And then he went on lockdo a few minutes after that.
Castle : He locks himself into the house for the night.
Castle : It's standard protocol for ghost hunters.
Beckett : And was he in there alone?
Lulu : Yeah. We always do a clean sweep of the place right before we start.
UNK: So, he locked the doors, and then
Lulu : I went into the tech v an to watch the feed.
Beckett : And were the cameras rolling the whole time?
Castle : The infrared cameras are to detect unexplained thermal anomalies.
Beckett : Living room, 9 : 03 p.m. EMF levels spiking off the charts.
Castle : That's an electromagnetic field meter.
UNK: That's the tool of the ghost-busting trade.
Castle : It's used to measure spikes in paranormal energy...
Castle : Let's just watch.
UNK: DOORS SLAMMING
UNK: Hello?
Jack : Anyone there?
UNK: CLATTERING
UNK: Mercy.
Jack : I can see it.
UNK: Mercy.
Beckett : Sounds like he was begging his killer for mercy.
Beckett : What happened?
Lulu : That's it. That's when all the camera signals cut out at once.
Beckett : And what could explain the picture suddenly going out like that?
Lulu : I don't know. It's never happened before.
Castle : Well, there was that last episode of The Sopranos.
Beckett : No, there's no way.
Beckett : Jack had to have been in there with someone else.
Beckett : Did he have any enemies?
UNK: Anybody that he was having problems with, recently?
Lulu : No, not that I know of.
Lulu : He did show up to lockdown upset.
Beckett : Do you know where he was coming from?
UNK: No.
UNK: He pulled up in the cab, and grabbed his gear,
Lulu : and just went inside.
Beckett : Did anyone else ha ve keys to this place?
Lulu : Just Jack and Barry B.
Castle : Barry Bavetta, that's Jack's cameraman.
Castle : Where is Barry? Doesn't he usually do lockdown with Jack?
Lulu : He and Jack had an argument this afternoon.
Lulu : Things got pretty heated, and then Barry just quit.
UNK: Could he have programed the cameras to turn off like that?
UNK: Actually, yeah, he could.
UNK: Barry Bavetta checked out of his hotel in a hurry at 7 : 30.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : That's enough time to make it back to the house by 9 : 00
UNK: Kevin Ryan : when Jack was killed.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Barry's phone is still goi straight to voicemail.
ESPOSITO : Well, the manager gave me his credit card info.