Castle : We don't think so.
UNK: I've always assumed that he did.
Pete : Matt had a terrible temper.
Pete : He was convinced Melanie was cheating on him.
Beckett : Was she?
Pete : Wouldn't surprise me if she was.
Pete : Matt thought it was somebody at work.
Ryan : It wasn't someone Melanie worked with.
Ryan : I just tracked down George Banner,
Ryan : Melanie's manager at Fly-Wide Travel from 20 years ago.
Ryan : He said Melanie had two co-workers.
Ryan : Both guys. Uh-huh.
UNK: Married. Still.
Ryan : To each other. Oh.
Beckett : Well, Fly-Wide was in a high-rise in Midtown.
Beckett : So, maybe it was someone else in the building.
Beckett : Let's get a list of all the tenants that
Beckett : were there when Melanie worked there.
Esposito : I'm not sure that's necessary.
Esposito : Remember the light bulb I took from that secret room?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Well, I traced the serial number.
UNK: It belongs to a lot that was sold by the manufacturer
Esposito : directly to Fuller Estate Management.
Beckett : As in Steve Fuller?
ESPOSITO : Owner of the McClaren mansion.
Ryan : That means that Fuller knew about that room and didn't tell us.
Castle : There's only one reason
Castle : why he wouldn't tell us,
Castle : because he's the killer.
Castle : Maybe Matt Benton was right about Melanie having an affair,
Castle : only wrong about who she was having the affair with.
UNK: And when things went bad, he killed her,
Esposito : killed Matt and stashed his body in his own house
Esposito : where he knew no one would find it.
Castle : And he planned on destroying the evidence.
Castle : He wanted to have the house torn down right after those murders.
Castle : But it was declared a landmark.
Ryan : So he used that passageway to scare off tenants like the Boyers,
Ryan : growing the mansion's legend so that no one would wanna live there.
CASTLE : And then when Jack Sinclair came sniffing around
Castle : he had to kill him, to You guys!o.
Beckett : Great story. DA will never buy it.
Beckett : It's all circumstantial.
Esposito : She's right.
Esposito : Anyone could have put that bulb in there. We have no proof.
Castle : But we will.
Castle : And I think I know just how to get Mr. Fuller to give up the ghost.
CASTLE : Think he'll show?
BECKETT : I don't know.
Castle : You told him about tomorrow, right?
Beckett : Yes, Castle, he thinks we're going
Beckett : through that wall in the morning.
Beckett : So if Fuller's our guy,
Beckett : he should be coming for Matt Benton's body tonight.
Beckett : If he's our guy.
Castle : I mean, he might not be our guy.