UNK: EXCLAIMING IN DISGUST
Beckett : Deep breaths, Castle, it's just a rat.
Ryan : There's something over there.
UNK: Come here.
Beckett : Hidden passageway, secret rooms. I don't know, Castle,
UNK: the mystery of the McClaren mansion
Beckett : is looking less supernatur by the minute.
Castle : What is this?
Castle : It's a magnetic field generator.
Castle : To knock out the video feed to the cameras.
Castle : Someone planned very carefully
Castle : how to kill Jack Sinclair the night he was filming here.
UNK: It's taxing the power supply.
Beckett : That could explain the lights flickering just before Jack's death.
Castle : You know, the magnetic fie would also explain
UNK: that tripod moving that we saw in the video.
Beckett : Castle, look at these marks.
Beckett : There was a bed here.
Beckett : Matt Benton could have been here for days before Jack even showed up.
Castle : You know, this house has been largely unoccupied
Castle : since the Melanie Benton killing.
Castle : Maybe the reason they couldn't find
Castle : Matt Benton is because he never left.
Castle : He could have been living here the whole time.
UNK: CREAKING
UNK: WHISPERS And maybe he's here right now.
Beckett : Open the door.
UNK: SQUEAKS
UNK: LAUGHING
Castle : Oh, my God! My heart. I was so scared!
UNK: What?
UNK: SCREAMING
Castle : Really? Really?
Castle : I am throwing away this coat.
Beckett : Look, his cuffs are monogrammed.
UNK: "M.B."
Beckett : Looks like you were right, Castle,
Beckett : Matt Benton never did leave the McClaren mansion.
Lanie : Dental records confirm it.
Lanie : That's Matt Benton.
Castle : Tech really needs better software.
Beckett : Cause of death? Don't know yet.
Lanie : But I'm guessing it wasn't the world's longest game of hide and seek.
Beckett : How long was he in there for?
Lanie : Still waiting on the test results,
UNK: but the prelim reports on the tissue samples suggest
Lanie : he died about 20 years ago.
UNK: Okay, so then odds are he was killed
Beckett : the same time his wife, Melanie, was.
Castle : So the killer hides Matt's body
Castle : making it appear as though he fled,
Castle : framing Matt for his wife's murder
Castle : and throwing everyone off the trail of the real killer.
Lanie : And it worked, too. For 20 years.
Beckett : Yeah, until Jack Sinclair showed up.
Beckett : Let me know about the test results.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey, how'd that double date go?
Castle : I just...
UNK: You guys, one thing.
Beckett : If Matt was killed 20 years ago,
UNK: then how did he send those postcards to Pete 15 years ago?
Castle : I think it's time we took a harder look at Pete Benton.
UNK: SOFTLY Don't ask about the date.