Castle : he called you then, too.
Smith : You're both very smart.
Smith : But you're forgetting one thing.
Smith : This house is haunted.
UNK: THUDDING
Beckett : Thanks for the gun, Detective. I really appreciate it.
Beckett : You know, I felt bad about Sinclair. I really did.
Beckett : But he knew too much about that night,
Beckett : stuff that wasn't in the papers.
Castle : So he had to go.
Smith : Get on your knees.
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle, he's not gonna shoot us.
Beckett : That won't fit the legend.
Castle : Any more helpful hints you'd care to pass along to our killer?
Smith : On your knees.
Beckett : I don't think so, Addison.
Castle : You see, the demon only really kills when no one's looking.
Castle : And tonight,
Castle : we have an audience.
Beckett : They recorded your full confession.
UNK: MAN 1 : NYPD!
UNK: MAN 2 : Let me see your hands!
Castle : On the floor!
Officer : You have the right to remain silent.
ESPOSITO : So busted!
UNK: Ghost-busted! Thanks to Lulu.
Lulu : It's the least I could do for him, you know,
Lulu : for Jack.
Castle : So Fuller had no idea about that room.
Beckett : Well, like we said before, anyone could have grabbed
Esposito : the light bulb from another part
Beckett : of the house and placed it there.
Beckett : I guess Smith did it.
Beckett : He's in with the DA right now, writing his confession.
Beckett : Yeah, well, what I don't get is
Castle : if he was so in love with Melanie, why would he kill her?
Beckett : He said that a dem on made him do it.
Beckett : Just laying the groundwork for his insanity plea, I'm sure.
UNK: Perhaps.
UNK: Come on, Castle, even you have to admit
Beckett : everything, every haunting, every death,
Beckett : everything even remotely connected
Beckett : to paranormal activity in the McClaren house
Beckett : can be explained by that passageway.
Lulu : I don't know. What about last night
Castle : when we were in the living room?
Castle : How about the door, the light, the candle?
Beckett : Old wiring, drafty house.
UNK: Or maybe it was something more.
Castle : Think about it.
Castle : If you hadn't gone looking for the draft that blew out the candle,
UNK: you would never have found the passageway.
Beckett : Or Matt Benton's body.
Beckett : Spell it out for those of us that are paranormally-impaired.
Castle : Maybe someone wanted us to find that passageway.
UNK: Maybe
Castle : Jack Sinclair's ghost was helping solve his own murder.