Esposito : So, if we're lucky he's out there using it.
UNK: All right. I'm gonna start scrubbing this footage from inside the house.
UNK: Maybe there's something ther that can implicate this guy.
UNK: All right. Hey, we're still on for dinner tomorrow night, right?
Ryan : Yeah, Jenny's totally psyched.
Ryan : She's never really hung ou with Lanie before. So, cool.
Esposito : Well, just to let you know, Lanie's gonna be getting off a double shift,
Esposito : so she could be a little cranky.
UNK: Oh...
Ryan : Maybe we should reschedule.
Ryan : I mean, isn't the whole point for Jenny and Lanie to get along?
Esposito : Nah, she'll be cool. Just, you know,
Esposito : don't say anything controversial.
Ryan : Like what? What's controversial?
UNK: Bingo!
Ryan : Bingo? Don't talk about bingo?
Esposito : Barry Bavetta's been busy. And so is his lap.
Esposito : Dude has racked up a hell of a tab
Esposito : at a strip club by the airport.
Esposito : First charge, an hour after the murder.
Beckett : Sorry to interrupt your fun, Barry.
Castle : We heard you were racking up quite a bill.
Castle : Or is that billing quite a rack?
UNK: Barry Bavetta : So, what, getting a lap dance is illegal now?
UNK: Barry Bavetta : Look, I was just blowing off some steam.
UNK: I haven't had the best day.
Beckett : Yeah, so we heard.
Beckett : Your producer said that you and Jack Sinclair had a falling out today.
Barry : So this is about Jack?
Barry : Yeah, we got into it.
Barry : Wasn't the first fight we ever had,
Barry : but I made sure it'll be the last.
Castle : Why don't you tell us what happened, Barry.
Barry : Jack screwed me ov er is what happened.
Barry : Told me last minute I wasn't going with him on lockdown tonight.
Beckett : Any reason?
UNK: The only one he ga ve was he's the boss.
Barry : But it's 'cause he's jealous.
UNK: Worried I'm gonna walk off with all the credit.
Castle : Why is that?
Barry : Because the episode we're doing tonight?
Steve : The McClaren house? It was my idea.
Barry : I did all the research. Jack didn't even want to do the damn show.
Castle : Why wouldn't Jack want to do a show
Castle : about a haunted mansion in New York?
Castle : That sounds like ratings gold.
Barry : Jack's weird about New York.
Barry : He was brought up here, but he's got some strange aversion to coming back.
Barry : He tried to torpedo the whole thing.
Barry : Said he wouldn't be caught dead in that house.
Castle : And you decided to prove him wrong.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Jack Sinclair was killed in the McClaren house tonight.
UNK: Killed?
Beckett : Barry, why didn't you give your keys back to the owner?
UNK: Uh... STUTTERS I was upset I forgot! Is he really dead?
Castle : You were the one who set up the cameras, right?
Beckett : Yeah. So?
Beckett : So you knew exactly where they were placed
Beckett : and how to avoid them when you snuck back in the house.
Beckett : You even knew how to program them to turn off at a certain point.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, I did not kill Jack.
Barry : I wasn't even there.
Barry : I got stuck in the security line and missed my flight to LA.
Barry : I went to the strip club right after that.
Barry : You can check that.
UNK: So TSA has Barry going through security at 9 : 15 at JFK.
UNK: There is no way that he was in the house at the time of the murder.
Esposito : Plus, Tech checked out those cameras.
Esposito : They weren't programed to turn off.
UNK: The only thing Barry's guilty of killing is time at that strip club.
Castle : So, if Barry's not our guy,
UNK: I think it's time we revisit the possibility that our killer's...
UNK: If you say "ghost," I'm sending you home.
UNK: Apparition American.
Castle : Have you figured out another way to explain the blood spatter?
Beckett : No, I haven't, but I will.
Beckett : Apparently, Jack Sinclair was very upset
Beckett : when he arrived in the taxicab tonight.
Beckett : Let's find out where that cab picked him up and what he was doing there.
Esposito : Roger that.
Beckett : You'll see, Castle.
UNK: This'll turn out just like every other murder investigation.
Beckett : Once we find out more about our victim's life,
Beckett : the details surrounding his death,
UNK: everything will be explained.
Ryan : Maybe not everything.
Ryan : I was reviewing the footage shot inside the house tonight,
UNK: looking for signs that someone else was there,
Ryan : a shadow, a reflection, something.
Ryan : Instead, I found...
Ryan : Well, you better see for yourself.
Ryan : So I slowed down the video.
Ryan : Watch the tripod in the background.
Ryan : There, you see it?
UNK: Well, I'm sure there's a perfectly simple explanation for all of that.
CASTLE : There is.
Castle : They're here!
Castle : Wow. Did you get any sleep?
Castle : Not a wink. But it was worth it.
Castle : After researching the history of the McClaren mansion,
Castle : I think I know what happened to our victi ghost hunter Jack Sinclair.
UNK: That coffee's for you, by the way. Oh.
Lulu : Not that. The other one, that's...
Castle : I'll make you one. Um...
Castle : Since the McClaren mansion was built in 1898,
Castle : bodies have been piling up faster than a Tarantino movie.
UNK: Eight killings in all.
Castle : Starting with, the original owner,
Castle : Robert Pettigrew, strangled, 1903,
Castle : all the way to Melanie Benton, hacked to pieces in 1991.
Castle : The current owner, Steve Fuller,
Castle : tried to have the house torn down,
Castle : but it was declared a landmark by the Society for Historic...
Beckett : I'm sorry, Castle. I appreciate your work, I do.
Beckett : But what does this have to do with our case?
Castle : Just getting to that.
Castle : It seems that in almost all of these killings,
UNK: the killer claimed that there was a... Ready for this?
Castle : That a demon was responsible.
Beckett : A demon? Really?
Castle : I'm not making this up. It's in the books.
Beckett : Fine. A demon killed Jack Sinclair.
Beckett : So, what's our next step?
UNK: Are we gonna stake out the house, wait for the demon to show up?
Beckett : Zap him with our proton pack?
UNK: ESPOSITO SNICKERS
Castle : That's not a real thing, you know. That real ghost hunters use.
UNK: "Real ghost hunters"? Isn't that a contradiction in terms, bro?
Beckett : Okay, does anyone have anything pertinent to our case?
Lulu : I do. Okay.
Esposito : I tracked down that cab our vic took last night.
UNK: The driver's trip log says
Esposito : that he picked up Jack on the corner of 38th and 9th.
Beckett : Have uniforms canvass the area with Jack's photo.
Beckett : Let's see what he was up to.
Esposito : Oh, and phone records too. Maybe that'll shed some light on things.
Ryan : I think I can shed some light on why Jack didn't wanna do the show here.
Ryan : Talked to an old high school pal that
Ryan : Jack had breakfast with a couple of days ago.
Ryan : Turns out that our vic actually used to live right near the McClaren house.
UNK: He said that he used to walk a couple of blocks out of his way
Ryan : just to avoid walking past it.
Ryan : Said it gave him a "creeped-out feeling."
CASTLE : You see, I am telling you,
Castle : there was something going on with this house.
Castle : The last people to...
Castle : The last people that lived there,
UNK: moved out four years ago, in a hurry.
UNK: Why?
Castle : I don't know, but I think it's time we found out.
Beckett : Knock yourself out, Castle.
Castle : You're not coming? No, I've got a murder to solve.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I'll go.
UNK: Ooh.
Castle : That's a look. Yeah.
Castle : I get these a lot. Just start walking. Faster.
UNK: GROANS
Esposito : Yo, I just saw Ryan downstairs.
Esposito : I can't believe you let him go chasing ghosts with Castle.
Beckett : Yeah. Maybe Shaggy'll keep Scooby out of trouble.
Beckett : Besides, you never know.
Beckett : Maybe they'll come up with something useful.
Esposito : Oh! You want useful?
Esposito : 'Cause I just spoke to CSU. They found fingerprints at the scene.
Esposito : From a real live person, so...
UNK: His name is Ron Berger. He lives in Queens.
Esposito : They're picking him up now. Does he have a record?
UNK: Yeah. Chuckles did eight years for armed robbery, with a knife.
Esposito : He's also dabbled in B and E,
Esposito : which makes breaking into a locked house no problem for this guy.
Beckett : When did he get out of prison?
Esposito : Five weeks ago.
UNK: Oh... Finally, a lead that makes sense.
Esposito : Oh, it gets better. Ron has a history with our vic.
UNK: Ghost Wranglersdid a piece on Five Points Correctional,
Esposito : and Ron was featured.
Esposito : Claims he was sharing his cell with a spirit.
Beckett : Well, that's prison overcrowding for you.
Esposito : Apparently Casper was being a little too friendly.
Esposito : Touching Ron in all the wrong places.
Beckett : Molested by a ghost? Wow Hmm..
Beckett : Some people will do anything to get on TV.
Esposito : Except it backfired on him.
UNK: Ron became the laughing stock of the prison yard.
Esposito : He got all pissed off and he wrote the show a letter.
BECKETT : "I'm gonna make Jack Sinclair bleed for what he did to me."
UNK: Ron Berger : I wrote that letter, yeah.
UNK: But that was as far as it went. I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Where were you last night at 9 : 00 p.m.?
Ron : I was at home, watching cartoons.
UNK: Hmm.
Ron : You can ask my mom.
Esposito : Well, we have a problem, Ron.
Esposito : 'Cause we found your fingerprints inside the McClaren house.
Ron : I can explain that.
Esposito : I'm waiting.
Ron : I can't violate my parole.
Ron : I can't go back to Five Points.
Ron : Not in that cell. Not with that thing.
Beckett : You're worried about your ghost?
Beckett : Ron, you're looking at murder. You've got a flimsy alibi.
Beckett : Your fingerprints are all over the crime scene.
Beckett : You had means, motive and opportunity.
Ron : All right, all right.
UNK: I was there. But just not last night. About a month ago.
Ron : I was there because of Jack.
Ron : He called me after I got out.
Beckett : Jack Sinclair called you? After you threatened him?
Ron : To apologize for the prison show thing.
UNK: And he had a request.
Castle : What kind of a request?
Ron : It was a strange one.
Ron : He wanted me to take picture inside the McClaren house.
Esposito : Why you? It was locked up,
UNK: so I had to break in.
Beckett : Did he give you any reason for asking for those pictures?
UNK: Well, we're gonna need to see the photos.
Esposito : So, Tech analyzed the SD card. Time-date stamp was not messed with.
Beckett : So, then, Ron was telling the truth?
Esposito : Well, about the photos.
Esposito : I'm still not buying the whole "touched by a phantom" routine.
Beckett : I wonder what Jack wanted with all these photos.
UNK: You know, all the pictures are of just one room.
Beckett : The living room. That's the same room as the crime scene.
Esposito : So Jack hired Ron Berger to
Esposito : take pictures of the very room he was gonna die in.
Espoito : That's creepy.
Beckett : That's not creepy, Castle. I'm sure it can all be explained.
UNK: And I bet you that living room has absolutely nothing to do
Beckett : with ghosts or demons.
Beckett : The living room. Definitely.
UNK: Margaret Boyer : That was the epicenter of the activity.
UNK: Ms. Boyer, when you say "activity"?
Margaret : We didn't buy it either.
Margaret : We had heard all about the McClaren house, its history.
Margaret : We laughed about it.
UNK: Harry Boyer : At first, everything was fine.
UNK: MS. BOYER : Then it started. Lights going off.
Margaret : Strange noises. Doors slamming.
Castle : Did anything violent ever happen?
Harry : One night, we heard noises from the living room.
Harry : We went downstairs,
Harry : found the whole room trashed.
Margaret : Tables flipped over,
Margaret : books ripped apart, pictures smashed.
Castle : Oh, my God, that's terrible.
Castle : Is that when you decided to move out?
UNK: MR. BOYER : Not without a fight.
Harry : We found this woman. This ghost hunter.
Margaret : Said she was the best.
Margaret : Said all other ghost hunte came to her for help.
Margaret : But she took one look and told us to run like hell.
UNK: MR. BOYER : Yeah, what was her name?
Harry : Um... Mercy.
Harry : That's right.
Harry : Mercy LaGrande.
UNK: "Mercy, I can see it" Mercy?
Ryan : Maybe Jack Sinclair wasn't begging for mercy when he died.
Castle : He was saying her name.
Harry : Mercy LaGrande, real name Mercedes King,
Beckett : runs an unlicensed business doing paranormal consultations.
Esposito : There's a reason w hy she's unlicensed.
Esposito : Check out this rap sheet.
Esposito : We've got ID theft,
Esposito : fraud, check fraud and impersonating a religious official.
Beckett : Look at where her business is located. 38th and 9th.
Esposito : It's on the same block our vic caught that cab.
Castle : So Jack paid Mercy a visit,
Castle : and then goes to the McClaren house, upset.
Ryan : Hours later, he says Mercy's name right before he dies.
Beckett : So the question is, how is she involved in all of this?
UNK: Well, you know, Ryan and I would be glad to go check this out,
Castle : if you guys are too busy solving that murder.
Mercy : I did what I could to help him, but I'd say it wasn't enough.
Castle : Why did Jack Sinclair come to see you?
Mercy : I've been in the McClaren house.
Mercy : He was going to face whatever's in there,
Mercy : and he wanted my advice.
Beckett : Which you gave him. For a fee.
Mercy : I'm not a charlatan, Detective.
Mercy : Someone with Jack Sinclair's experience
Mercy : wouldn't be seeking my counsel if I was. Please.
UNK: If he was that good, why would he seek your help?
Mercy : This was not like any other house to him.
Mercy : When he took the assignment,
Mercy : the dreams started.
Mercy : Just glimpses at first.
Mercy : Bits and pieces of a room.
Mercy : But then, the dreams became nightmares.