Izzie : Mr. Scofield, I'm sure you are right, but we're still gonna do this my way.
Helen : - Derek. - There she is. How was your flight?
Helen : They didn't feed me, which I don't understand.
Derek : Dr. O'Malley, Dr. Crawford, she's a big pain in the ass.
George : - Pleasure. - We worked together in New York
Helen : and I was the only one who never had a crush on him.
Derek : No, I don't buy that. What do we know, O'Malley?
George : Dr. Crawford has a pariphalseum meningioma
George : along the superior saginal sinus.
UNK: You operated three times, keeps coming back.
Derek : It's in dangerous territory, we leave a bit of the tumor,
Derek : go back every couple of years and tune it up.
Helen : But this is the last time.
Derek : - Sorry? - This is it Derek. I'm done after this.
Derek : - Helen... - The recovery takes forever
Helen : and it's not like when Jake was around. I go through this by myself now.
Derek : Don't throw in the towel.
Helen : I'm looking at the situation as it is.
Helen : I am going to do this now
Helen : then I am going to spend the next two years of my life
UNK: - Iying on a beach enjoying the sun. - Helen.
Helen : Stop looking at me like I killed your cat,
Helen : the decision is made.
Izzie : You guys seen Bailey?
Izzie : What are we doing?
George : Checking out new chief candidate.
Meredith : With the ringer.
UNK: It was subtle when it was two, but isn't now that it's 12.
UNK: It's someone from Stanford. The professors there loved me.
Alex : - They loved you? - I was a great student.
UNK: - How you doing, Grey? - I'm fine sir. Thank you.
UNK: - She doesn't like when people ask. - The ringer is with the chief.
Izzie : Whoever it is loves Cristina. Everyone at Stanford loved Cristina.
Cristina : Shut up.
UNK: Motivated student, nothing to be ashamed of.
Jane : - Thank you. - A kiss ass but that's hard to control.
George : They're coming out, look away.
Burke : - That's Colin Marlow. - Like the Marlow transplant?
Burke : Like the greatest thing in cardio-thoracic surgery in a generation.
UNK: Dr. Marlow, I'm, uh, Preston Burke.
Burke : I'm a great admirer of your work, sir. Particularly the...
Colin : Would you excuse me just for a second?
Colin : Well, you gonna give me a hug or what?
Burke : - What was that exactly? - He was my professor, we were close.
UNK: - Close appears to be an understatement. - It was a long time ago.
Burke : I talk about him all the time, you never thought to mention it?