Burke : - Good. - I'll see both of you in surgery.
Burke : - Colin Marlow. - The one and only.
UNK: - He... with... - Yes. Yes.
Derek : - Wow. - Indeed.
Alex : Yeah.
Mark : Suction.
Mark : No, not like you're driving a tractor, slowly.
Richard : Better.
Alex : What's the chance she wakes up and remembers?
Mark : - I wouldn't count on it. - The baby's having decels.
UNK: Sometimes the monitor's not on, you get a false read.
UNK: Vaginal bleeding, baby's in distress.
Mark : Damn it. Page Dr. Montgomery, now!
Colin : You're making an honest woman of Cristina Yang. That's impressive.
UNK: I thought she was collecting us like baseball cards.
Burke : - Baseball cards? - She likes an authority figure,
Colin : someone with something to teach, I never thought she would commit.
UNK: She used to say that marriage was for the weak and undirected.
Colin : I made a number of marriage proposals. Seemed the polite thing to do.
Colin : Such a long time together, but she wouldn't have it.
UNK: Time? You were having a fling with a student.
Colin : Fling? Cristina and I were together for three years.
UNK: Is the problem that I slept with my professor
Cristina : or that I was committed for three years?
UNK: You told him marriage was an idiotic institution...
Helen : - It is. - Why did you say yes?
Cristina : - To make you happy. - Happy?
Cristina : I'll do a lot of things to make you happy.
Cristina : Do I give a crap about a ceremony with a dress and a flautist? No.
Cristina : But I'm happy to do it, if it'll make you happy.
Burke : Heartwarming. Thanks.
Addison : You couldn't have waited one day?
Mark : She was 40% vision compromised, her right eye would have been gone.
UNK: No, it would have but there's a new chief candidate marching around today
Addison : and you needed to be a hero.
Mark : The patient was fine. The baby's still in her uterus
UNK: and she's not losing an eye. Surgery is risky, the patient chose this one.
Addison : Karev, don't just stand there.
Addison : The patient's baby was in distress. Go, stay with her.
Derek : Something happen with Jane Doe?
Mark : She can see and Addison's got a problem with it.
Addison : She almost lost the baby.
Addison : I had to sew her cervix shut.
Mark : The complications had nothing to do with the surgery.
UNK: Why do you think Mark moved quickly?
UNK: A piece of orbital bone was floating towards the brain?
Derek : I think it's because Mark wants a promotion.
Mark : You're not her husband, this isn't your patient, stay out of it!
Derek : What do you think you're doing?
Richard : You're supposed to be the leadership,
Richard : screaming about a patient in the hallway? Are you out of your minds?
Colin : Tough procedure. It's a bold choice.
Derek : We've been fighting this one for a while. I'm hoping this will be the end.
Derek : - What happened? - End title CO2 just dropped 30 to 16.
Doctor : - Bagging manually. - Air in the left ventricle.
George : - O2 stats down to 89. - Aspirate central line.
UNK: - Bradycardiac. - Push one of atropine.
UNK: - No air in the line. - Level her, I'm gonna flood the field.
UNK: Asystole. Push one milligram of epi. Start compressions.
Derek : Go, go, get in there, get in there, do it!
George : Come on.
UNK: That's been in there since the Korean War?