George : You should try the French toast. It'll blow your mind.
Helen : Breakfast at the Archfield on an intern's salary?
UNK: Yeah, I kind of live there at the moment. My wife gets a deal.
Helen : That's one hell of a deal.
George : So, our room service bill, at the Archfield, is that part of the deal?
Callie : - Yeah, sure. - Breakfast alone is what, $50 a day?
UNK: And they only charge us $400 a week?
Callie : Sometimes I pay them more for room service.
UNK: OK, tell me how much it is and we'll split it like the rest.
Callie : - Don't worry about it. - I'm not gonna have you pay for food.
UNK: Just tell me how much the bill is.
UNK: We pay about, mm... $800 a week.
George : - Dollars? - I told you not to worry about it.
George : - You can't afford that. - Yes, I can.
George : How?
George : I'm your husband, you're supposed to tell me.
Callie : OK, just come here. All right.
Callie : My parents have a lot of money and so I have more money than I make.
Callie : And we don't have a special deal through family friends at the Archfield,
UNK: - I just, I pay for it. - How much?
UNK: Twenty-five hundred a week.
George : You're an heiress.
UNK: - OK. This is why I don't tell people. - No, you're an heiress.
UNK: OK, stop talking, I mean it.
UNK: I didn't tell you because my parents' money has affected every relationship
UNK: so I stopped talking about it.
George : No, no wait. Wait.
George : So I've been paying you $200 a week for what, "fun?"
Callie : No, I use it to tip housekeeping.
UNK: Great! Oh! I'm glad I could pitch in.
UNK: Is there anything else that I should know about that's huge like this?
UNK: Uh, I... I used to have a pet ferret for nine years.
Callie : George!
Callie : Oh, great.
Derek : Now stop distracting the staff.
Helen : You're pushy, anybody ever tell you that?
Derek : Um... So, what do you think of a saginal sinus bypass?
UNK: Have you scrubbed in on a saginal sinus bypass, Dr. O'Malley?
MVO : - No. - It's "big balls" surgery.
Helen : - Apparently, I have a... - It's very successful.
UNK: - When the patient doesn't stroke out. - If it works the tumor's gone.
Derek : - Never have to go back. - If it doesn't, I'm dead.
Derek : If you refuse to come back, you're dead anyway.
Helen : - A decision I can live with. - Not a decision I can live with.
Derek : O'Malley, go find her labs.
UNK: So, what do you think?
Derek : Two years on a beach and then what?
Derek : After you piss away your savings, your memory goes, motor skills deteriorate
Derek : and you're dying a very slow, miserable painful death
Derek : you're gonna call me and ask why we didn't do something.
Derek : Now that is not something I can live with.
Derek : Not... when we can do something right now to prevent it.
Izzie : It looks like the bullet has damaged your scapula.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : - No wonder it hurts. - How did you get shot, sir?
UNK: Mr. Scofield : Korea, garden spot, makes a nice vacation. Can I get a damn pain killer?
Richard : I think we'll do you one better.
UNK: - We're gonna take it out. - My bullet?
UNK: No reason to remove it when you got hit,
UNK: but now it's infected, working it's way into your scapula. We can't have that.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : - I need to see that bullet. - Are you gonna frame it?
UNK: Mr. Scofield : No, smarty pants. I was fragged a couple of weeks before it all ended.
Izzie : - Fragged? - Shot by one of his own men.
UNK: I made a decision they didn't like,
UNK: then we're facing enemy fire and I take a hit from the wrong side of the line.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : I could never prove it, but we could prove it now.