MVO : Most of our old wounds heal leaving nothing behind but a scar,
MVO : some of them don't.
Izzie : Alex is moving into this house?
Meredith : - He's taking George's room. - Why?
UNK: - I was asleep a minute ago. - I was naked in the bathroom.
Izzie : when Alex walked in.
UNK: I'm lucky I didn't find him peeing all over the seat.
Derek : - We're up. - What's wrong with where he was?
UNK: - I don't know where he was before. - Probably a whore house.
Izzie : I can't have him living next door, it's weird.
Meredith : People are what matters. Alex is one of our people,
UNK: we can't leave him in the cold.
UNK: People are what matters? You don't like people. Is this about your mother?
Meredith : No, I had a near death whatever
UNK: and I was dead and now I'm not
UNK: so I'd like to use this chance I've been given to be positive.
Meredith : People are what matters.
Meredith : Paint with all the colors of the wind.
Izzie : Oh, OK.
Izzie : - You're crazy now. - I'm alive.
Izzie : Yeah, OK.
Izzie : No, no. I'm not done in there yet.
UNK: Oh, don't worry, not looking, not interested.
MVO : Some wounds we carry everywhere,
UNK: and though the cut's long gone...
George : No, she's selfish is Izzie's problem.
MVO : ...the pain still lingers.
George : She's not selfish she's generous. But she's self-absorbed.
UNK: I mean, her problem is that she doesn't see other people's perspectives.
Callie : - Hey, give me a bite. - Mm.
UNK: It's weird, she's so ridiculously compassionate with her patients,
George : you think she'd roll some with her friends.
UNK: How about we don't talk about her anymore.
George : That's a fine idea.
Izzie : He's in George's room, when George's stupid marriage crashes
UNK: he's gonna want to move back and won't be able to.
UNK: His life will be in shambles, he'll notice his dad is dead,
UNK: made a fool of himself marrying someone he doesn't love and have no place to go.
Izzie : - Is that what you want? - That's exactly what I want.
Alex : - Look who found some clothes. - Shut it.
George : - How you doing? - OK, everybody, let's do this once.
Meredith : I'm fine. She's cremated, I picked out a beautiful urn,
UNK: she's in the back of my closet.
Meredith : Any more questions about my dead mother or can we get back to work?
UNK: Know who the chief candidate is?
UNK: Bringing a ringer in case he doesn't give the job to your boyfriends.
UNK: O'Malley with Shepherd.
Bailey : Yang, Dr. Montgomery.
Bailey : Stevens, to the clinic. Karev, Jane Doe. Grey, scut.
Meredith : Once again, I am fine.
UNK: You can tell everybody you're fine.
Bailey : Your mom died and you almost joined her, you're taking it easy.
Jane : - Anybody come looking for me yet? - No.
Alex : No match on your prints, no hits from missing persons plus...
Jane : My face is hard to identify.
Alex : They find something out about your identity, I'm gonna tell you.
Jane : Dr. Sloan says I need surgery on my eye.
UNK: He wants to make sure you don't lose vision there.
UNK: Dr. Montgomery said I should wait because of the baby.
Jane : I don't know how I'm supposed to take that.
Alex : Surgery can be hard on a baby but you're on a fetal monitor the whole time,
Alex : if anything goes wrong we'll catch it.
Jane : Thank you.
UNK: I really... I really appreciate you taking the time to...
Jane : You're all I've got in this place.
Izzie : That hurt?
UNK: Mr. Scofield : Of course it hurts. Don't poke it like that.
Izzie : - The lump been there a long time? - I got shot 50 years ago.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : It's been there a long time.
Izzie : But it hasn't bothered you till recently?
UNK: Mr. Scofield : It bothers me there's a bullet in there.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : It'd bother you, too, but it didn't start hurting till a couple months ago.
Izzie : - You think it's a bullet? - I don't think lady, I know.
UNK: I wanted it out. But the Army doctors didn't want to go get it.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : So, they let me keep it in for half a life time.
UNK: Well, let's get some pictures and see if you're right.
UNK: Mr. Scofield : I know I'm right, save your film. Just get me something for the pain.