UNK: I didn't think you wanted to hear about every guy I ever slept with.
Cristina : I have a hysterectomy to prep.
Cristina : Are we done with the curiosity? Great!
UNK: What are you doing tonight? I don't want to go home, find Alex and it's just us.
Izzie : It's weird and awkward and he doesn't know if he should talk to me or not.
UNK: It's just such an awkward situation.
Izzie : I'd rather it be group awkwardness.
UNK: I don't want to be standing there staring at him.
Izzie : - Meredith? - Have you seen Montgomery?
Izzie : No. Hey! What you doing tonight? You want to come over?
UNK: You and I never get a chance to hang out. It might be fun.
Izzie : Alex just moved in,
Izzie : Meredith's brilliant idea, he has a thing for me so...
Izzie : What the hell?
UNK: This is my spot. My father is out there, go.
Cristina : I need this closet.
Burke : - Colin Marlow. - He was my professor. We were close.
Meredith : He had his hand on your ass, you were close.
Susan : - Did you see somebody go in there? - I did, someone's hiding from me.
UNK: I think from me, too.
UNK: You were that girI, huh? The girI who slept with the professor.
Meredith : We had one in my class, she only got to the radiologist though.
UNK: - No one got near the cardio god. - Yeah.
UNK: I scored big. Hide in the bathroom.
Meredith : My awkwardness with my father is established.
Meredith : You and the cardio god on the other hand have loads to catch up on.
UNK: - Don't want to talk to the cardio god. - We can hear you in there.
Colin : Loud and clear.
Cristina : - Oh, hi. - Hi.
UNK: - Excuse me, may I? - Yeah.
Meredith : - Oh, I was just leaving actually. - We heard about your mother. I'm sorry.
Jane : - Thank you. - There wasn't a funeral or anything?
Meredith : Oh, she didn't want that.
UNK: Everything's OK with the baby?
Susan : We're not here with the baby. We're here to make sure you are all right.
UNK: Oh, well, that's sweet, but we don't have to do this. I'm not in shock,
Meredith : I'm not racked with grief, I'm just moving on.
Susan : - But you're hiding in a broom closet. - Well, if you could move my father.
Susan : I sent him to go get some coffee.
Susan : But we'd really like to...
Susan : ...make dinner or something for you.
Susan : He's been really worried about you,
Susan : and he's the family you have left Meredith.
Meredith : I don't see it that way.
George : When is this gonna stop?
UNK: Yes, he made some mistakes but he's not a monster.
Susan : He's just an inarticulate person who spills food on his shirt a lot.
Susan : Have dinner with us, tonight?
Susan : I'll make some chili, the whole thing will be over in an hour.
Susan : Think you can do that?
Colin : I can't believe you hid in a closet when you saw me. If it wasn't tragic,
UNK: it might be adorable.
Cristina : - You could have warned me. - I thought, "Cristina wouldn't hide
Colin : because she doesn't want to talk, clearly she doesn't
UNK: because she fled like a roach in sunlight
Colin : - when she saw me coming. - I didn't flee, I was...
UNK: ...I have work. I'm not a note taker anymore.
Colin : - You grew your hair. It's lovely. - Don't flirt with me, I have a person.
Colin : - Really, who? - Preston Burke.
UNK: - You never change, it's adorable. - Shut up!
Cristina : - It is a real relationship. - I bet it is.
Cristina : - I'm marrying him. - Oh. Good.
Colin : Congratulations.
Colin : I'm being genuine. It's wonderful.
Colin : Can I give you a congratulatory hug?
Cristina : Don't touch my ass.
Helen : My stomach is growling.
George : Sorry, we can't let you eat before surgery.
Helen : That's OK. I stayed at the Archfield last night. I had breakfast at midnight.