Cristina : I'm going home.
Cristina : Are you going home?
Burke : How did it end?
Cristina : It ended. School was ending, I was leaving.
Burke : - You were done. - I came here,
Cristina : - I fell in love with you. - A new mentor.
UNK: - With new things to teach you. - You think I'm in this for education...
UNK: - Do you find my knowledge compelling? - You're blowing this out of proportion.
UNK: A man three times your age, believed he was having a relationship with you...
Izzie : - He was. - One day, you're done, just like that.
Colin : Yes.
UNK: Mm. No, you don't open yourself up to anyone.
Burke : Sometimes, I think it's charming, she's different.
Burke : She's not like other women,
Burke : the simple fact is you have never let me in.
Burke : What, you think it's gonna make a good marriage? Well, I don't.
Burke : I don't want you to marry me because you're placating me.
Burke : That doesn't interest me,
Burke : doesn't interest me at all.
Meredith : - Do you think he's OK? - He'll find it.
Meredith : He probably can't see, there's a flashlight in the closet.
UNK: I'll go get it. Excuse me.
Izzie : - I'm sorry. - It's going fine.
UNK: I just... I don't know what to say to him.
Susan : Well, it's not easy. It's 'cause he's afraid of you.
UNK: I shouldn't have bit his head off.
Meredith : I wish I could have just...
Susan : Meredith, it's OK to get angry,
Susan : it's you in the picture.
Callie : Izzie Stevens? I share something with you I am feel uncomfortable about
Callie : - and you tell Izzie. - I didn't, I told Meredith.
Callie : - Oh, so that's better? - No, it was an accident.
George : It was an accident. I was pissed off.
George : Why can't you give me the benefit of the doubt that maybe I'm on your side?
Callie : - You choose your friends over me. - No I don't.
George : I married you and I haven't talked to my best friend in weeks.
George : You lied to me about where we live and why.
UNK: You lied about your background, your family.
George : Still I'm the dog who gets whacked on the nose with the newspaper.
George : - When is this gonna stop? - This is my problem?
George : Yeah, maybe it is.
Callie : Your best friend violently disses our marriage every chance she gets,
Callie : publicly, repeatedly. Why do you think she does that George?
George : She's having a problem with this.
Callie : - She has feelings for you. - What?
Callie : She wants you.
Callie : She's wants you, that's what this is about.
Callie : That's why she hates me.
Callie : George! George, do not laugh at me. Do not laugh at me.
George : No, I'm not, I'm not. Oh, God.
UNK: I'm not. It's just... she's Izzie.
George : She's...
George : ...she's blonde, she's stacked, she's a supermodel, I'm George.
UNK: - So, what does that make me? - No, come on.
UNK: You're gorgeous and curvy and I never thought you'd go for me.
George : Just shut up.
George : - Callie! - This is my room,
Callie : that I paid for with my huge piles of money.
Callie : Get the hell out of it!
Izzie : Sorry about the lights.
Alex : Whatever. Food's good.
Izzie : - You want some pie? - No, I gotta go.
UNK: Oh, big plans, got a hot date?
Izzie : Oh, good for you.
Izzie : I guess not interested really meant not interested.
George : Iz...
Alex : - ... you didn't want me. - Yeah.
Izzie : But that doesn't mean I want you to want anyone else.
Izzie : Am I gonna be alone, pining over a dead guy forever?
Alex : I hope not, it's kind of a waste.
Izzie : Am I supposed to move on now?
UNK: Do people look at me and go "She's gotta get over it, it's ruining her life"?
Alex : You'll move on when you're ready to.
Cristina : - Why are you sitting in the dark? - Izzie blew a fuse.
Cristina : - I'm having a crisis. - Oh, I don't need rescuing.
Meredith : Susan is very nice and we're getting through it.
Susan : - Limping through but we'll make it. - This isn't a fake crisis.
UNK: This is a real, my-ex-is-about- to-ruin-my-impending-marriage crisis.
Izzie : - Oh. - Hey! Hey! Where's Izzie?
Izzie : Kitchen.
Meredith : Sorry, it's not always like this.
Cristina : Yeah, it kinda is.
Izzie : - They're in the other room. - Get over yourself.