UNK: Especially since Wendell didn't even have any of the proper equipment
Castle : in his storage unit. It just...
Esposito : Doesn't make any sense?
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Unless Angelica wasn't telling us the truth.
Beckett : Listen to this.
Beckett : Angelica was scheduled for a bankruptcy hearing a week ago.
UNK: But it was canceled because she made a $2 million payment to her creditors.
Castle : That's right after the insurance company
Castle : paid her claim on the bracelet.
Castle : What if this whole thing was a ploy to commit insurance fraud?
UNK: "Mission accomplished."
Beckett : That's what Wendell said after the break-in.
UNK: "Mission accomplished."
Castle : Right. He didn't say he actually stole anything.
Castle : The mission was to make it look like a robbery.
Beckett : And the best way to make it look real,
UNK: to fool the police and the insurance company...
Castle : Is to actually break in, yet steal nothing. Angelica set this whole thing up.
Beckett : And the only other person that knew was Wendell.
UNK: She couldn't afford to let him or his sister expose her secret.
Beckett : I call that motive for murder and probable cause for a search warrant.
Castle : - Oh. - Oh.
Castle : - Good work. - Thank you.
Kirby : I'm sorry, Ms. Henley. They just barged in.
Angelica : You people have no grounds to search my residence.
UNK: Actually, we do.
Angelica : This is outrageous!
Castle : She's right, this is outrageous.
Castle : You know what you should do?
Castle : Open that wall safe and prove us wrong.
Ryan : Fine. We can just tear it out of the wall if you like.
Angelica : No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no.
Castle : Well, is it there?
Castle : Hello, gorgeous.
Beckett : This little beauty has caused a lot of trouble, hasn't it?
Angelica : That's what beautiful things do, my dear.
Angelica : At least to me.
Beckett : So, why didn't you just sell it and solve all your money problems,
Beckett : instead of hiring Wendell to stage a robbery?
Angelica : I didn't hire Wendell.
Angelica : I didn't even know he was involved in all of this until you told me.
Beckett : So the fact that he broke in the same night that you called
Beckett : and reported this stolen, that's just a coincidence?
Angelica : Look, when I came home
Angelica : and saw that my apartment had been burglarized,