UNK: Which is how I broke the hot dog maker. Also some notable books.
Castle : Slovakian Polka Music, Prosthetic Eye Manufacturing,
Castle : and my favorite, A History of Irish Travelers.
Beckett : I don't get it. All of the evidence, Wendy's murder,
Beckett : everything points to the fact that that bracelet should be in there.
Castle : Well, it's not.
UNK: I did, however, make some headway on my little stick-man theory.
UNK: Really?
Castle : Yes. Whilst you were still an officer,
Castle : you risked your life, running into traffic to save an old gypsy woman.
Beckett : A gypsy woman?
Castle : An old gypsy woman.
Castle : To reward your bravery, she gave you a talisman.
UNK: She said, "As long as you keep it, no harm will ever befall you."
UNK: No harm will ever befall me?
Castle : You look all right to me.
Gates : So, Mr. Castle,
Gates : I decided to give Frozen Heat a read. And you know what?
Gates : It's really a good book.
Castle : You liked it?
Gates : I loved it. I...
Gates : - Do you mind? - No.
Gates : I ordered the rest of the Nikki Heat series.
UNK: And again, thank you for my Gemini collectible.
Gates : I now have a complete set.
Castle : You see that? She loves me now.
Castle : I've got that scary little monstrosity to thank for it.
Ryan : Hey, guys? You need to see this.
Ryan : So, Robbery interviewed a guy named Marco Vinstrolli.
Ryan : His van got a parking ticket around the corner
UNK: the night that Angelica's bracelet was stolen.
Ryan : Now they found nothing to connect him, but...
Ryan : Look familiar?
Beckett : That's our guy.
Ryan : The storage manager said that
Ryan : he rented Marco a unit on the same floor the day before the auction.
Ryan : So I reviewed their surveillance tapes.
UNK: This is from 6 : 00 a.m. Yesterday morning, five hours before the auction.
Castle : He broke into my storage unit!
UNK: But it was Wendell's at the time, but now it's mine.
Castle : Is that a safe?
Beckett : That's why we couldn't find your bracelet.
Beckett : Because it was in the safe.
Castle : My safe.
Beckett : So do we have a license on that van?
UNK: - NYPD! Put up your hands! - Put it down!
UNK: Take your hand off your tool, Marco!
Beckett : Shut up.
Beckett : Marco, we know that you and Wendell were partners.
Beckett : Your van was ticketed when you guys pulled the job.
UNK: Robbery couldn't prove it before,
UNK: but now with these, well, we got you.
UNK: Well, it seems to me like all you got me for is stealing a safe.
Marco : What's the punishment for that? Thirty days?