Beckett : Apparently, he was involved in something dangerous.
Ryan : What kind of dangerous?
Beckett : Wendy didn't say. But according to this waitress,
Beckett : just before the subway accident, Wendell called his sister and said
Beckett : it was over, and all of their problems were solved.
Esposito : And yet he ends up dead
UNK: and she was desperate enough to risk everything,
UNK: her job, jail, just to go after her brother's storage unit.
Esposito : Why? I mean, we've been through all this stuff.
Epsosito : It just seems like a bunch of random junk.
Beckett : Well, maybe it's just that we don't know exactly what we're looking for.
Beckett : I mean, whoever killed Wendy most likely came from Wendell's world.
Beckett : So, what do we know about him?
Ryan : For the last three months, using his Wonder Twin alias,
UNK: Wendell worked as a chauffeur for one Angelica Henley, a wealthy socialite.
Beckett : Okay, then let's start here.
UNK: Good evening. May I help you?
Beckett : We were hoping to speak with Ms. Henley.
Kirby : The lady in the purple cocktail dress. May I take you to her?
Beckett : You know what? I think we can manage.
UNK: Champagne?
Beckett : I'm on duty.
Castle : Ah, alas, I'm forced to drink alone.
Ryan : Angelica Henley?
UNK: An-hell-ica. The G is silent.
UNK: Wouldn't that make it An-ell-ica?
UNK: An-hell-ica.
Beckett : Well, I'm Detective Kate Beckett, and this is Mr. Castle.
Beckett : Can we have a word?
Angelica : What's all this about? I have guests.
UNK: Now I understand that you employed a man named Johan Fleming.
Angelica : Yes, and I was so heartbroken when the poor boy died.
Beckett : Were you aware that his real name was Wendell Dupree?
Angelica : No, I wasn't.
Castle : Did he have any enemies?
UNK: No, I don't think so.
Angelica : You mean his name was Wendell?
Beckett : Was he in trouble?
Beckett : Was he involved in any illegal activities?
Angelica : No, no, no. The police cleared him.
Beckett : Of what?
UNK: Oh, well, two days before he died, I was robbed.
UNK: Somebody broke in here and cracked my wall safe.
Castle : What did they take?
UNK: My bracelet, made out of pink diamonds that was worth over $4 million.
Castle : Wendell stole the bracelet.
Beckett : That's what's in the storage unit. That's why he was killed.
UNK: Oh. Whoa-ho.
UNK: Whoop!
UNK: Whoo!
Alexis : What are you so happy about?
UNK: There is a $4 million diamond bracelet buried in my auction winnings.
UNK: I'm rich. Or richer.
UNK: Till Detective Beckett takes it from you and returns it to its rightful owner.
Castle : Yes, but not even that can ruin my day.
Castle : Because tonight is my very special
UNK: last-night-before-college dinner with my daughter.
Alexis : About that, can we cancel?
Castle : What... Whoa, what? Why?
Castle : Alexis, we made these plans months ago.
Castle : Do you know how hard it is, even for me, to get reservations at...
Alexis : If it's the reservations you care so much about,
Alexis : why don't you just take your girlfriend?
UNK: Oh, Alexis. That's not... That's not...
Castle : That's not what I meant.
Beckett : Alexis hates me? Is it because we're together?
Castle : I guess she feels like she's being replaced,
Castle : which is weird because she's never done this before.
Castle : Not with Gina, not with the hundreds of super-hot girlfriends I've always had...
Beckett : Okay, I don't need to hear this.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : So, do you think I should talk to her?
UNK: No, no, no, no. No, she'll eat you alive. Let me handle it.
Esposito : - Handle what? - Nothing.
Ryan : So, uniforms are going through
Ryan : Wendell's belongings looking for the bracelet.
Ryan : But Robbery finally sent over the report
UNK: on the break-in at Angelica Henley's. Take a look at these.
UNK: Wow, a real beauty. Certainly worth killing for.
Castle : I am speaking of the bracelet, in case anyone is wondering.
UNK: It was a two-man job. Pretty sophisticated, too.
Ryan : One suspect put a bypass on the alarm in the basement.
Esposito : The other rappelled from the roof and went in through the window.
Castle : Which explains the climbing equipment you had your eye on.
Beckett : So, Wendell was suspiciously hit
Beckett : by a train after stealing a diamond bracelet.
Beckett : And then six weeks later
Beckett : his sister goes looking for his storage unit and she ends up dead.
Castle : What if it's a "no honor among thieves" thing?
UNK: You said it was a two-man job.
Castle : What if Wendell's partner decided that he wanted the bracelet for himself?
Castle : Only he killed Wendell before he figured out where he'd stashed it.
Beckett : So he follows Wendy, she leads him to the storage unit, and then he kills her.