Beckett : So she admitted to insurance fraud hoping to avoid murder charges.
Beckett : At least I think that's her play.
Martha : You think?
Beckett : Yeah, she's a desperate woman on the verge of losing her wealth.
Beckett : That's death to someone like her.
Beckett : She's probably willing to do anything to avoid it.
Beckett : Lie, steal, cheat, and in this case, kill.
UNK: Yeah, but that still doesn't explain the storage locker.
Castle : I mean, if Wendell didn't steal anything,
Castle : what did he put in there that his sister was so desperate to get?
Castle : And if it didn't have anything to do with her murder,
Castle : why would she write the locker number in her blood?
Beckett : Castle, you went through that storage unit with a fine-tooth comb.
Beckett : You said that there's nothing of value in there.
Castle : Well, yeah. Nothing of value to us.
UNK: But what about something of value to them?
Beckett : Like what?
Castle : I don't know. A trinket, an heirloom.
Castle : The answer's in there somewhere. It has to be.
Castle : Anyway, it's getting late.
Castle : I have to drop off Alexis first thing in the morning.
Castle : Fresh start tomorrow?
Beckett : - Sure. - Walk you out?
Beckett : You know what, I gotta stick around. I have to go over Angelica's alibi.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : I so wish I could kiss you right now.
Beckett : Yeah, I know.
Castle : This is me, softly touching your face,
Castle : pulling you in for a long, slow kiss.
Beckett : And this is me, kissing you back,
Beckett : running my hands through your hair.
Castle : Best handshake ever.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I think my hand's getting a little sweaty.
UNK: I know. It's kind of gross.
Pratt : - Sorry. - No worries.
Martha : Oh, Alexis, my darling, farewell!
Martha : God knows when we shall meet again.
Martha : That's Shakespeare, you know.
Castle : - I know. - All right.
Martha : No farewells, no goodbyes, just see you later, kiddo.
Alexis : See you later, Gram.
Martha : I'll be in the hall, darling.
Beckett : All right.
UNK: So this is your new home, huh?
Castle : Hey, look, I get it. I do.
Castle : But whatever happens between Beckett and me, I want you to know...
Castle : I mean, we could break up tomorrow,
Castle : we could spend the rest of our lives together,
UNK: but she will never take your place in my heart.
Alexis : Why would I be worried about Detective Beckett replacing me?
UNK: Uh, well, you were... I thought...
Alexis : How can you be so smart and so clueless at the same time?
UNK: Practice?
Alexis : This is no more about Beckett than it's about the fact my mother isn't here.
Castle : Sorry, honey, but your mom...
UNK: No. No, it's fine. It's always been fine.
Alexis : Because no matter what, I'd wake up and you'd be there.
Alexis : And I'd know that everything's fine.
Castle : And when you wake up here...
UNK: And I'm here. And you're there.
UNK: Even though "there" is only 5 miles away,
Alexis : it's not here.
UNK: Well, everything is going to be fine.
UNK: And you are gonna be fine.
Castle : And though I am there,
Castle : if you need me here, here is where I'll be.
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
UNK: I know it's been a while,
Castle : but, um...
Alexis : Could you do it? One last time?