Castle : No monsters.
Alexis : You sure?
Castle : Yeah. And if there are, I'll come running.
Martha : Darling, are you crying?
UNK: No, it's allergies. I... Pollen count is high.
Martha : Pollen count's gotten to me, too.
UNK: Right?
UNK: Ohh.
UNK: Mm.
Castle : You can get home by yourself, right?
Castle : - Well, I... - Thanks! Love you, Mother!
Castle : - I know where it is. - Where what is?
Castle : I don't know what it is, only where it is.
Castle : Whatever Wendell stole was only of value to him and his twin sister.
Castle : So he would hide it in the one place only she would look.
Castle : Wendy, Wendell. Twins, as in Gemini collectibles.
Castle : This is it!
UNK: Castle!
Castle : It's empty. Well, that can't be, right?
UNK: What...
Beckett : Sir, just breathe.
Gates : What the hell have you done?
Felix : I thought...
Gates : You thought what, Mr. Castle?
Castle : I just thought that Wendell would have hidden what he stole...
Gates : It wasn't Wendell's! It was mine! I brought it in from home this morning!
Castle : All right, that's my bad.
UNK: Wait, that means... Here it is.
UNK: Richard Castle : - Don't! - No!
Beckett : A USB drive and a glass eye?
Castle : I didn't see that coming.
UNK: Hey. So the photos from this USB drive are from a crime scene.
UNK: A crime scene where?
Beckett : Mercer, Pennsylvania. They're about a decade old.
Beckett : It was a hit and run.
Esposito : What does any of this have to do with a glass eye?
Esposito : Weren't the twins' parents killed in a car crash 10 years ago?
UNK: Yeah, they were rear-ended and their car went down an embankment.
UNK: Report said that they were trapped inside and bled out,
UNK: and that if the person who hit them would've stopped
Ryan : and called for help, they might have lived.
Beckett : You guys, who took this photo?
Beckett : It's from the crime scene and it's of a broken glass eye.
UNK: What?
UNK: A glass eye? Wait a minute.
Castle : Of course! It all makes sense now.
Beckett : It does?
Castle : Wendell's obsession. Why he moved from place to place.
Castle : Why he came to New York.
Castle : Why he used a fake name and had a book on prosthetic eyes.
UNK: He was... He was on a mission.
Esposito : Yeah, but on a mission to do what?
Castle : Well, to find the person responsible for his parents' death.
Castle : In order to be sure, Wendell had to steal the suspect's glass eye.
Castle : That's what the heist was about.
Beckett : And like fingerprints, he used that photo to compare the eyes.
UNK: A la Richard Kimble but instead of looking for a one-armed man...
Beckett : He was looking for a one-eyed man.
Beckett : Or in our case, a one-eyed woman.
Angelica : I'm not saying a word without my lawyer.
UNK: Richard Castle : You don't have to, but you might wanna listen.
Beckett : We know what Wendell stole.
Angelica : That's it. I'm calling my attorney.