Chase : Can I see the monitor?
Park : Stop there. Shoot the dye.
UNK: There it is. TAUB : Don't get too excited.
UNK: We still gotta get it out, still could have done permanent damage.
House : Patient does not have autonomic dysregulation.
House : There's blood in his urine bag. Kidneys are failing.
Adams : House, not now. Gotta be now.
UNK: Foreman's transferring our guy to Princeton General
House : as soon as there's a bed available.
House : Says the doctors here can no longer be objective since the stabbing.
Cofield : In the middle of a procedure that could basically save your life,
Cofield : House is actually trying to drag people away?
Cofield : How do you work with a guy like that?
Chase : He wasn't trying to pull anybody away.
Chase : Everyone had already refused to work on that case.
Chase : He knew the answer.
Chase : He wanted to check on me. But he needed an excuse.
Chase : Otherwise he could be accused of caring.
Cofield : So your testimony is that
Cofield : Dr. House's complete lack of concern
Cofield : is evidence of his deep concern?
Cofield : Did you just do that?
UNK: What?
Cofield : Wiggle your toes.
Cofield : Do you feel that?
UNK: Congratulations.
Cofield : It was the clot.
Cofield : Short occlusion time of the artery,
Cofield : when the swelling goes down,
Cofield : you should gain back at least some of the function.
Cofield : One more thing. Sorry.
Cofield : You knew that your patient was at risk for a psychotic break
Cofield : when you brought a scalpel within his reach.
Cofield : Why did you ignore that risk?
Chase : I thought I was right about the rash.
Chase : I would do it again.
Cofield : I thought so.
Chase : That's it? "I thought so"?
Chase : What the hell does that mean?
Cofield : You brazenly defied your boss.
Cofield : Now that happened either because Dr. House
Cofield : has established that that's okay in his world.
Cofield : Or his prank war distracted you.
Cofield : Or House makes medicine a game
Cofield : and you just wanted to beat him.
Cofield : Whatever the reason,
Cofield : it boils down to the fact that you may never walk again
Cofield : because House created an atmosphere that promotes recklessness.
Cofield : This will be our last round of questions.
Cofield : I've spoken with Dr. Chase.
Cofield : You know he regained movement?
UNK: No.
Cofield : Are you really this indifferent
Cofield : to the fact that Dr. Chase is hurt?
UNK: Are we going off the record because this is irrelevant
UNK: or are you going to hit me?
Cofield : Why don't you go tell the guy you're sorry...
House : I didn't do anything wrong.
Cofield : It's not an admission of guilt.
Cofield : He's your friend and he's not well.
House : He's a co-worker.
Cofield : Co-worker whom you've known for almost 10 years who nearly died.
Cofield : And who's still scared he may not walk.
House : Are you going to have me fired for bad manners?
UNK: I'm just trying to understand you.
Cofield : Why a man in your position, with your abilities,
Cofield : is incapable of shaking the impulse to act like an ass.
House : Could we go back on the record and get this over with?
Cofield : Put the Vicodin away, Dr. House.
House : My leg hurts.
Cofield : Is that supposed to be funny?
House : Two explosions.
Cofield : We're not done here.
House : Hey! Hold on!
UNK: Emt 1 : Close it up.
House : Take him out of there.
UNK: Emt 1 : Dr. Foreman said you'd try this.
UNK: Emt 1 : Said to tell you he's no longer your patient.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Wait.
Emily : I have to get to my car. I want to be...
House : Your husband has a tumor in his lymph nodes.
Emily : You've been wrong every time.
House : Not this time.
UNK: Everything.