Foreman : Apparently you were. Said he'd have his decision tomorrow.
Cofield : This case is a fiasco.
UNK: I didn't sleep last night.
Chase : Dr. House is obviously brilliant.
House : Well, I think we've heard enough.
Cofield : But Dr. House is also a fiasco.
Cofield : If I were to exonerate him,
Cofield : condone his completely reckless, immature, almost misanthropic behavior,
Cofield : I would essentially be sending a message
Cofield : to all the other doctors in this hospital
Cofield : that it's okay to act that way, and...
UNK: Sorry.
Cofield : - We're in the middle of something. - I know.
Emily : I came to speak with Dr. House,
Emily : and when they told me he was in here
Taub : I thought I should say something.
Cofield : I mean,
Emily : he wasn't the nicest doctor I've ever met.
House : Well, I think we've heard enough.
Emily : But he was right.
Emily : They found the tumor.
Emily : They are removing it, and they are starting plasmapheresis.
Emily : They expect a full recovery.
Emily : He saved my husbands life.
Emily : Well, I guess that's it.
Emily : Thanks again.
Cofield : As I was saying,
Cofield : Dr. House's process is dangerous and inappropriate.
Cofield : But he is effective.
Cofield : I've decided that I would be doing this hospital a disservice
Cofield : if I did anything to change that process.
UNK: Congratulations, Dr. House.
Cofield : This unfortunate stabbing incident is officially nobody's fault.
UNK: Coward.
Taub : Excuse me?
House : You've got like 20 pages of notes there.
House : You were expecting to bore us for at least half an hour.
House : You've got my parole form in here.
UNK: You were going to send me back to prison.
Foreman : House, stop.
House : Good things usually happen, bad things sometimes happen.
House : The fact that that would-be widow
House : came in just in time to sob all over your soft, mushy heart,
House : and the fact that her husband is going to live,
House : does not change whether or not I did the right thing.
House : How'd you get the firing wire into the Vicodin bottle
House : without me noticing?
Chase : Why'd I even have to?
Chase : What was the point of the orange hair?
House : Your hair smelled like Adams'.
UNK: Since there's no way you're doing her without me knowing,
House : it means you were just doing her shampoo.
House : Which means you were out late drinking with some new girl
House : or because there is no new girl.
House : You were trying to make up time by showering at the hospital,
UNK: but you were too lazy to buy your own shampoo.
House : So I found a way to let you know to not be late.
Chase : You couldn't just ask me to stop being late?
House : What fun would that be?
Chase : None of this is fun, House.
House : They decided that your being stabbed
House : was nobody's fault.
House : They're wrong.
Cofield : I'm sorry.
Chase : Anything else?
Chase : I'm kind of busy.
House : No. That was it.
Chase : I've got it.