Chase : Nadia? Come on now, open your eyes.
UNK: Get me three milligrams of lorazepam, and I'm going to need suction.
Chase : Seizures mean the steroids aren't working.
Masters : And we got the tests back. We were wrong, it's not autoimmune.
Chase : Could be acute porphyria.
Masters : No abdominal pain.
House : Did the patient thank her sister?
Chase : No, not yet at least.
House : See if she will.
House : What are you trying to find out?
House : If she's telling the truth.
House : She claims she objectively sees reality,
House : weighing the good and bad in people.
House : If that's true, I don't care how many times
House : her sister borrowed her scrunchy without asking.
UNK: The free kidney ought to trump all the bad stuff.
Masters : And if it doesn't?
UNK: Then she sucks like the rest of us.
Chase : We haven't considered her blood.
Chase : Clots could hit her leg, heart, kidney and brain.
UNK: Factor V Leiden : Easiest to treat if we're right.
House : Start her on heparin. And ask for the thank you.
UNK: How did I do?
UNK: Great.
Taub : Great? How great? How many did I miss?
Foreman : It's not about the numbers. Don't...
UNK: Fifty-four percent?
Foreman : They make the practice tests harder than the actual exam.
Taub : Oh, my God, now I'm choking in your living room.
UNK: This isn't going to work.
Foreman : Who are you calling?
Taub : I found the guy. He can sell me a copy of the test.
Taub : I know it's cheating, and I suck as a person,
Taub : but the test is tomorrow morning.
Foreman : It's not about the cheating, it's about your confidence.
Foreman : You steal that test and you'll never get it back.
Taub : I can't handle failing at one more thing in my life.
Foreman : You're a good doctor.
Foreman : I've seen what you're capable of.
Foreman : You're fast, you're decisive, and you're bold.
Foreman : Those are not the qualities of someone who needs to steal a test.
Foreman : There's nothing on it you don't already know,
Foreman : you just need to know you know it.
Taub : Keep talking.
Foreman : We need you on the team.
Foreman : So we're gonna sit here and take another practice test,
Foreman : and we're gonna keep taking them until you've kicked its ass.
Foreman : You can do this. You feel me?
UNK: Yeah!
Taub : I feel like we just buried a hooker in the desert.
Foreman : There'll definitely be another time
Foreman : to rise up and turn things around.
Foreman : You'll come back from it.
Taub : Next time.
Chase : How're you feeling?
Nadia : Not any better.
Chase : It will take some time for the clots to resolve.
Chase : Your sister's recovering well.
Chase : If you're really adding up the good and bad...
Nadia : Can I see her?
House : - Too fat. - Too thin. Too desperate.
House : Not desperate enough.
House : Come on, you can insult them, too.
Wilson : I'd rather not.
House : If you objectify them now, you'll feel more comfortable
House : when you tie them to a table in your basement later.
House : Or whatever.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Too armpit-fatty?
House : Whoa. Too hot.
Wilson : I actually know her. She's the new barista at my coffee shop.
Wilson : She's getting her masters in finance.
House : Brains and boobs.
House : The mother lode.
Wilson : Total moron as a barista, though.
Wilson : Every drink I order, ends up with whipped cream on it.
UNK: Even when I say, "No whip."
House : Girlfriend, that means she's into you.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: "Hi, there.
UNK: "Wilson, James Wilson.
UNK: "I'm a doctor.
UNK: "Hoping that's enough to close,
UNK: "but I'm also a social moron.
UNK: "And I have a cat."