Nadia : What do you want to know? Let's go back to 2008.
House : How many trips, stumbles, falls did you have?
UNK: Eleven.
House : This really works. Cool.
UNK: How about 2009?
UNK: Twelve.
House : Even cooler. Last year?
UNK: Twenty.
Chase : That's a big spike in dyscoordination.
UNK: If you add constipation, it's early onset Parkinson's.
UNK: Give her a full neuro-exam and start her on levodopa.
Wilson : I'm so surprised you broke into my apartment without telling me.
Wilson : What is this?
House : An intervention.
UNK: Exhibit A : A baggie filled
UNK: That better not be what I think it is.
House : If you mean your new junkie girlfriend, then yes.
UNK: House...
Wilson : Okay, fine, I got a cat. Release the Kraken.
House : I don't think you appreciate the severity of your situation.
House : You're rapidly approaching end-stage male spinsterism.
House : That cat, that diabetic cat, that you're shooting up with insulin
House : and buying dime bags of catnip for,
House : that means you've given up on ever finding anyone.
Wilson : Don't you think you're completely overreacting?
House : If I'm completely overreacting, why'd you lie to me?
Wilson : Because I knew you'd completely overreact.
UNK: Its name is Sarah.
House : Cats aren't named that, women are. What the Freud is that about?
Wilson : Look, I didn't name her, my neighbor did. She died and I felt bad.
UNK: Sarah would've been destroyed at the shelter.
UNK: Who wouldn't want a cat that croaks
House : if you're not home twice a day to shoot it up?
UNK: You know, I'm pretty sure there's a river nearby.
Wilson : I'm keeping her.
Masters : Okay, shrug your shoulders and don't let me push them down.
Masters : So, I have to ask, is there a trick you use?
Masters : Mnemonics, meditation?
Nadia : No. No tricks.
Nadia : I don't even try, really. It's just there.
UNK: Is my memory going to go away with the Parkinson's?
Foreman : It's quite possible.
Foreman : But we still have a lot of tests to do
Foreman : before we have a definitive diagnosis.
Nadia : Well, here's hoping for cancer.
UNK: Nadia?
Elena : Your boss called me.
Elena : Sorry, I'm Elena, Nadia's older sister.
Nadia : You don't have to be here.
Elena : But I'd like to pretend you'd visit me if I were in a hospital.
Nadia : You brought daisies.
Elena : They're your favorite. No, they're my least favorite.
Nadia : I was stung in the face six times by...
Nadia : Oh, God. What's wrong?
Nadia : My heart...
Foreman : Fast, wide-complex rhythm. Get the paddles.
Chase : Cardiac involvement rules out Parkinson's.