Wilson : She said my coffee is not the only thing
Wilson : she'd like to put whipped cream on.
House : But is she interested?
Taub : Oh, my God.
UNK: Bartender! Champagne for everyone!
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Hi.
Nadia : Thank you for saving my life.
Elena : I love you, you know.
Nadia : I was thinking about those times
Nadia : we went up to Spofford Lake in the summer.
Nadia : Whenever we took out the canoe,
Nadia : you'd tie up my life vest for me.
UNK: And in the afternoons, you'd sneak me
Nadia : into the lodge so we could steal popsicles.
Elena : Maybe we could go back.
Elena : I could drive us up there.
Elena : We could get a cabin, and maybe rent a canoe.
Elena : Wow, I haven't thought of Spofford in...
Elena : Nadia, are you okay?
Nadia : - Elena, I'm sorry. - I can't do this!
Nadia : Can you stop? Just stop pushing me for a minute.
Chase : I understand now why you stuck yourself in that diner,
Chase : away from friends, away from family.
Chase : You can't forgive anyone.
House : I don't think you weigh anything.
Chase : I think you're like a lot of people,
Chase : you focus on the bad memories instead of the good.
Nadia : I don't have a choice.
Chase : Nadia, put your hand in your lap for a moment.
Nadia : I'm not doing that.
Cuddy : I know.
Chase : It's an involuntary movement called chorea.
Nadia : What does it mean?
Chase : It means we still don't know what's wrong with you.
Patient : Thank you.
House : Do you know if that OR nurse that Wilson liked
House : ever broke up with her boyfriend?
Cuddy : I thought your Wilson fetish was over.
House : I'm putting together a second string
House : in case things don't go well with the well-breasted barista.
UNK: You've got to let that guy alone.
House : He's not supposed to be alone.
Cuddy : Is that what this is about?
Cuddy : You feel guilty because Wilson's the one that's alone and not you?
Cuddy : You still don't think you deserve this.
House : Have you met me?
Cuddy : Your happiness doesn't take his away.
Cuddy : It's okay to enjoy it.
UNK: Yeah?
UNK: Chorea. Rules out the clotting disorder.
UNK: It means we're back to square one.
Masters : If it's hit her brain, that could mean she doesn't have long.
UNK: So then the question becomes, "Will the sister show up at the funeral?"
Chase : She tried to reconcile.
Chase : But the bad memories crowded out the good and she ran.
House : Nobody's perfect.
House : she's a bottomless diagnostic library.
Masters : Maybe we're missing something from the apartment, some lifestyle thing.
Foreman : Yeah, it's all muscle strain from doing her hundreds ofjigsaw puzzles.
House : Hey, how many puzzles?
Foreman : Okay, I was exaggerating dozens.
House : Do a peripheral blood smear, look for acanthocytes.
House : I'll be right in.
House : Remember me?
House : Just kidding.
House : So, jigsaw puzzles.
Nadia : I find them calming.
House : You ever left one unfinished?
Nadia : No, that would drive me crazy.
House : Speaking of...
Nadia : Why are you doing that?
House : More important question is, why are you?
Nadia : It's just a habit.
House : It's a habit that compels you in an obsessive way that's so bad
House : it's a disorder.
Nadia : I don't have OCD.
Chase : Each brain with OCD has its own way of filtering it.
UNK: you do puzzles and hoard memories.
House : So what we thought was a gift,
UNK: was just you literally obsessing over your own life.