House : Who's Sarah? Wilson's friend?
Cuddy : My computer crashed. Lost my database of his acquaintances.
House : Or you're both lying to me.
Cuddy : I know nothing about Wilson having a friend named Sarah.
UNK: Satisfied?
UNK: Ooh!
Foreman : What are the eight types of vomitus?
UNK: I can show you four right now if you ask me one more review question.
UNK: Hey, you picked me and you said you wanted a hardass.
Taub : No, House said that,
UNK: and I pretended to agree to get him off my back.
Taub : I picked you because I wanted the guy
Taub : who doesn't like getting involved in other people's problems.
UNK: I guess I thought you'd want to skip
Foreman : the massive public humiliation of getting fired.
Taub : By treating me like I'm an imbecile?
Taub : I'm totally fine. I aced my first pathology boards.
Foreman : Medicine has come a long way in the last 100 years.
Taub : You know, I heard of a guy who knew a guy
Taub : who could get the exam ahead of time.
Taub : It was something I heard.
Foreman : Patient's file said she lost some weight on a new diet, right?
Taub : Yeah, she went vegan.
Foreman : Are laxatives vegan?
House : In the parking garage, searching Wilson's car.
Taub : We have an answer, magnesium poisoning.
House : I admit, that's impressively outside-the-box thinking.
House : No. For a second, I thought Wilson might have a drug problem.
Taub : Okay... So we push fluids
House : You'll be waiting a long time since that's not what she has.
House : While you two were so busy being impressively outside the box,
House : Chase and Masters done yet?
Nadia : Two light beers November 16th,
Nadia : one really bad glass of pinot on the 17th,
Nadia : nothing from the 18th...
Masters : Shouldn't you be working for NASA or something?
Nadia : You mean, why am I just a waitress?
Masters : No, I didn't mean...
Masters : I'm sorry I...
Nadia : It's okay.
Nadia : Remembering something is not the same as understanding it.
Nadia : I'm not a genius.
Nadia : I love my job. I'm great at it. It keeps my mind busy.
House : Hi, I'm Dr. House, and you're not pooping.
House : Question is, are you also a klutz?
Nadia : I guess I'm no clumsier than most people...
House : What are you guessing for? You've got a perfect memory.
House : I was told there'd be numbers, dates, fireworks.