House : I have good news and bad news.
House : Good news is, I was right about you
House : having some autoimmune disease.
House : You're just allergic to the dialysis.
Nadia : But if I can't have dialysis and my kidneys are failing,
Nadia : won't that mean I'll die?
House : Well, you figured out the bad news.
Masters : What do we do?
Chase : We look for another case.
UNK: Even if we're right about autoimmune,
Chase : we now don't have time to prove it.
Chase : The transplant board will never give her a kidney.
Masters : Maybe we could go around them? Get a relative to donate.
Chase : Which relative?
Chase : The sister who walked away and told you she was never coming back?
Masters : We caused this, you know.
Masters : They were estranged, but we made it worse.
Chase : That relationship was broken long before we got there.
Chase : Nadia literally keeps score. She tallies everything.
Chase : She decided Elena's done more bad things to her than good.
Chase : Doesn't deserve her affection.
House : I'm sure she's right.
House : Unlike everybody else in the world,
House : her memory seems to let her keep a pure,
House : objective view of people and relationships.
UNK: There's no petty emotions or agendas fogging the windshield.
UNK: Why's that so wrong?
UNK: Because it's making her die alone of kidney failure in Room 205?
House : Not necessarily. Nadia's sister is not like her.
House : I'm sure she's got plenty of subjective emotions we can exploit.
House : Why don't you go channel your guilt,
House : see if you can get her to cough up a kidney?
UNK: Me?
Masters : I'm not good at that type of thing. Someone else should go.
Masters : Someone else didn't screw this up.
Masters : I didn't...
House : You were just obeying orders, right?
House : Go fix this.
Masters : I didn't mean to make you hate her.
Masters : And now that her kidneys have failed...
Masters : I've always been a book and equations person.
Masters : People are problematic and random and messy,
Masters : and with sisters,
Masters : I mean, I had a cousin who I was close to
Masters : and when our menstrual cycles synched,
Masters : it was like gladiator school...
Elena : Do you want me to donate a kidney to my sister?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Okay.
Masters : Really? It might not fix your relationship.
Masters : Probably shouldn't have said that.
Foreman : - Your left. - On your left!
Taub : Stop whining already.
Taub : I was getting a sniper.
Taub : Five minutes left in the break.
UNK: But the next level is just past the cooling tanks.
Foreman : That was the deal. We take this break, you do a practice test.
Taub : I didn't have the flu.
Taub : I just choked.
Foreman : You make life and death decisions every day.
Foreman : You work for House.
Foreman : You're under constant pressure and you never choke.
Taub : I got a perfect score on my first pathology boards.
Taub : I kept thinking whatever my score is now,
Taub : it's going to be a measure of the distance
Taub : between me and the man I used to be.
Foreman : You gotta stop psyching yourself out.
Taub : Well, the last test was before I lost my wife and my home.
Taub : So I'm sure the next one will go much better.
Foreman : Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night,
Foreman : and I can't sleep for hours because
Foreman : I'm worried I got the diagnosis wrong.
Foreman : These things work out.
Chase : We found a donor.
Chase : It's your sister.
Chase : Just thought you should know.