UNK: named something I can't remember,
House : you'll see the irony in a second,
House : presenting with temporary paralysis,
House : high CK levels, and a perfect memory.
Chase : How perfect is perfect?
House : Perfectly perfect.
House : Hyperthymesia, complete recall
House : of every moment of every day since puberty.
House : All 7,600,049 of them.
UNK: That's cool, huh?
House : One of only a handful of recorded cases...
UNK: So we have two symptoms : Temporary leg paralysis and elevated CK.
House : Obviously, you're not suffering from the same condition,
House : 'cause you've already forgotten my dramatic voice over.
House : There's a third symptom.
Foreman : Her memory's unrelated.
Masters : Why? It's a strange medical phenomenon...
UNK: Hyperthymesia's known to manifest in adolescence.
House : Yeah, in the whole five documented cases.
Foreman : To be related, it'd mean 20 years between symptoms.
Foreman : Plus, I don't know of any diseases that cause great memory,
Foreman : only ones that destroy it.
UNK: MRis show no evidence of a stroke
UNK: or tumors, so probably a toxin.
Taub : She's a waitress. They're no strangers to botulism or alcoholism.
Taub : We should search the diner and where she lives.
House : Or you could search her brain.
House : You know, where her memory lives, and save the gas.
UNK: You two, check her home, you two, get a complete patient history.
House : We'll see who gets an answer first.
Taub : You said there was a second case.
House : Oh. Yeah, thanks.
House : The case of the 45-year-old doctor
House : who just failed his pathology re-certification exam
House : is going to lose his board certification and get fired.
UNK: How did you fail it? You spend half your life in the lab.
Taub : I was recovering from the flu. I'm retaking it next week. It's not an issue.
House : Normally, I'd let Darwinism run its course
House : but Cuddy's in a big tizzy about her poster boy getting canned.
House : So, how are we gonna get the short guy off the short bus?
Masters : What about a tutor? I don't need a tutor.
House : Tutor it is. Choose your poison.
House : Chase, if you prefer pounding Aussie beers
House : and commiserating over the suckiness of divorce.
House : Masters, if you want nervous energy, flash cards,
House : and obnoxious pieces of arcane trivia.
House : Foreman, if you need to be berated by a humorless hardass.
House : - Foreman. - Interesting.
House : You must be more worried than you look.
House : Need a consult, Dr. Wilson.
Wilson : So, call me in a week if it still itches.
Patient : Thank you.
Patient : And be sure to give Sarah a kiss for me.
Wilson : Will do.
House : Who's Sarah?
Wilson : Her granddaughter, I think?
Wilson : Early stages of dementia. What's the consult?
House : I need your medical opinion,
House : on what bar we're gonna hit for happy hour tonight
UNK: to kick-off the official end to your three-month pity-party over Sam.
Wilson : I can't tonight.
House : Because of Sarah?
Wilson : Yes, because of my senile patient's granddaughter, you caught me.
Wilson : I'm busy.