UNK: It's a sad day in New York, Ted.
UNK: A sad day, indeed.
UNK: Do you know what I saw on my way in here?
Ted : A girl...
UNK: in a sweater.
UNK: And you know what that means.
UNK: The season of exposed skin is over.
Robin : Exactly.
UNK: Gone are the tank tops.
UNK: Gone are the cute little skirts.
UNK: Gone are the sun dresses.
UNK: The sun dresses!
UNK: I don't think
UNK: I can make it another eight months with no sun dresses.
Ted : - I have to grade these papers. - I'm sorry. I'll let you work.
UNK: But first, a riddle :
UNK: What piece of women's attire most stokes a man's desire?
Ted : A sun dress.
Barney : Correct.
Barney : What lightweight outfit, pink or white,
Barney : makes the front of my slacks abnormally tight?
Ted : - I really have to get this done. - Of course.
Barney : "Sun dress," by the way.
Barney : What are you nervous about? Tell me...
Barney : - What flowing cotton frock... - I'll tell you. Just...
Ted : There's a girl sitting at the bar.
Ted : - Don't look! - I want to see a pretty girl.
Ted : Okay, you can look. Just be cool for once.
Barney : I'll be cool.
Barney : You got your beer label in a bunch over nothing.
Barney : Listen to your Uncle Barney.
Barney : You have no reason to be nervous.
Barney : None whatsoever.
Barney : And I'm going to tell you why in one word.
Ted : - And what's that word? - Dibs!
UNK: Who's this fucking mother Team
Ted : You can't call dibs on a girl I've been sitting here
Ted : thinking about maybe talking to eventually at some point.
Barney : You never called dibs.
Ted : Dibs were implied.
Barney : Implied dibs?
Barney : You are spitting on the grave of Sir Walter Dibs,
Barney : inventor of the dib. It was 1652...
Barney : The SS Dibs was lost...
Ted : I don't have time for a fake history lesson,
Ted : so I'll keep this simple.
Ted : You go over there and talk to that girl, I will see you in court.
Barney : And who's gonna represent you? Dibs on Marshall!
Ted : - Damn it. - Where is Marshall anyway?
UNK: Uncle Marshall and Aunt Lily had recently decided
UNK: to take a swing at starting a family.
UNK: Tonight was their first at-bat.
Marshall : I'm almost ready to leave.
UNK: Let's see the checklist. Candles?
Marshall : - Check. - Music to set the mood?
Marshall : Check.
Marshall : Music for when we're actually doing it?
Ted : You know what?
Ted : To hell with your dibs. I'm going over there and talking to her.
UNK: Be my guest. Fall in love with her. Get married.
UNK: Just know this :
UNK: When I step up to make my toast as your best man...
Ted : - Marshall would probably be... - As your best man...
Barney : Ladies and Gentlemen...
Ted : I...
Barney : had dibs.