Marshall : Okay, so you just... You want me to give my dad a stroke?
UNK: Only if you wanna give this a stroke.
Marshall : That's ridiculous. Lily, there is no way that I would ever...
Marshall : Okay, everyone needs to shut up so that I can think!
Robin : - They're talking to a guy now. - What kinda guy?
Ted : - A cheesy guy or a cool guy? - A cheesy guy. Don't worry.
Ted : That guy is cool.
Ted : His hair's all cool, he's got a cool belt.
Robin : That guy is cheesy, and if you think he's not cheesy,
Robin : then you're cheesy, too, and now I want something cheesy.
Robin : Who's feeling nachos?
Barney : Look at you, Robin. You're jealous.
Robin : - Jealous? - Yeah, jealous,
Barney : because she's got it, and you've lost it.
Robin : I have not lost it.
Barney : You lost it.
Robin : I still have it.
Robin : I know exactly where it is,
Robin : and I can go get it
Robin : whenever I want.
Barney : Robin, girls are like cartons of milk.
Barney : Each one has a hotness expiration date,
Barney : and you've hit yours.
Barney : I'm not saying the occasional guy won't still open the fridge,
Barney : pick you up, give a sniff, shrug and take a sip anyway.
Barney : But it's all downhill from here.
Robin : I don't have to take this.
Robin : But I do have to take this.
Marshall : So you just want me to call my dad
UNK: - and tell him we're not having a baby? - That's about the size of it.
Marshall : Out of curiosity,
Marshall : when do we tell him about the baby?
Lily : We'll tell him about the baby when there's a baby to tell him about.
Marshall : So, he just gets no notice?
Marshall : He just walks into his boss's office, and says,
Marshall : "I just had a grandson. I'm gonna be out for three months."
Lily : Out for three months?
Marshall : He and my mom are coming to live with us when the baby's born.
Marshall : - We talked about this. - No, we didn't.
Marshall : I meant, me and my dad.
Lily : You know what, Marshall? Why don't you have a baby with your dad?
Lily : Why don't you have a baby with your butt?
Ted : What?
Marshall : I can't think straight!
Marshall : Why do you have to wear that shirt?
Marshall : This is not how I thought this night was gonna go!
Ted : God, this sucks! Do you think she saw me?
Cindy : Hi, Ted!
Barney : Yeah, she definitely saw you.
Cindy : Can I see you for a minute... in private?
Ted : Yeah, sure. I mean,
Ted : how could that not be fun?
Ted : If I don't come back, tell my mom I love her.
Barney : Will do. And dibs.
Lily : Barney, am I crazy?
Lily : Marshall talks to his dad way too much, right?
Barney : You don't want my opinion on that.
Lily : Why not?
Barney : If I had my dad's number,
Barney : I would never not be on the phone with him.
Lily : That was really...
Barney : A hottie with a body!
Lily : - Brief. - No. Lily, look.
Barney : You saucy little minx.
Barney : You sundressed up.
Robin : 14 seconds!
Robin : 14 seconds, and already
Robin : some dingdong is stepping up,
Robin : thinking he can get some of this broke off.
Robin : I... still... got... it.
Robin : All right, buddy, you proved my point. Now scram.
Robin : Nice belt, by the way.
Barney : Robin, you do look super hot.
Robin : - Do I? - Yeah, you do.
Robin : Thanks.
UNK: I braced myself for what was next :
UNK: rage, fury, a savage bitting.
Ted : Thank you.
Cindy : After things didn't work out with us,
Cindy : I got really sad for a while.
Cindy : Then I realized,
Cindy : you're not what I wanted, and I'm not what you wanted.
Cindy : I'm sorry I was such a jerk.
Cindy : I feel like I should make it up to you somehow.
Cindy : Buy you a beer or Yankees tickets, or...
Ted : Or set me up with one of your friends.
Ted : No, I'm kidding. That would be weird.
UNK: No, it wouldn't. would it?