UNK: Yang? Why are you staring at my fat pregnant belly?
Cristina : Sorry. I...
UNK: Mr. Singleton : Let me get this straight. You're telling me that our daughter,
UNK: Mr. Singleton : you're telling me my daughter might actually be a boy?
UNK: That... how is that possible? I don't understand. I don't understand how...
UNK: - Shouldn't this have been detected? - Externally, Bex has female genitalia.
Addison : She looks like a girl,
Addison : but internally she has both female and male sex organs.
UNK: Mrs. Singleton upset : So, what now? What are we supposed to do? I don't understand.
Addison : OK, the best news is that the lymph node tumor is benign.
Addison : So physically, Bex is going to be just fine,
UNK: but emotionally, psychologically, I strongly recommend therapy.
UNK: - She's in therapy. - For all of you.
UNK: This is not gonna be easy for Bex to hear,
UNK: and it's not gonna be an easy adjustment for you to make.
UNK: Mr. Singleton : - What kind of adjustment? - My poor girl.
Raj : Many intersex people begin to identify very strongly with one sex.
Raj : And it's not necessarily the sex they've been raised.
UNK: Mrs. Singleton adamant : She's a girl. She looks like a girl. She has always been a girl.
UNK: This at least helps explain why she feels so different.
Raj : The point is, biologically and emotionally speaking,
Raj : - she has a choice to make. - A choice?
Mauer : My mouth feels all weird.
UNK: Audrey sarcastic : Chewing paper will have that effect.
Alex : - Weird how? - Pins and needles.
Mauer : No, needles and pins. Needles and pins. Yeah, yeah.
Mauer : Sprouting from my fingers and toes like... like...
Mauer : - Lord God, give me a simile. - Is he always this way?
Audrey : The man ate a novel. He's not exactly normal.
Audrey : But he got weirder the more he ate. He's, like, obsessed.
UNK: I'm Dr. Webber. I'm gonna be performing your surgery today.
Mauer : I poured my heart and soul into that freaking book,
Mauer : and now it's stuck up my ass.
Mauer : Put that on my tombstone, Audrey. On my tombstone.
UNK: Dr. Love to OR 2. Dr. Deb Love to OR 2.
Denny : - Hey, Dr. Stevens. - Hey, Denny. You OK?
Denny : I've been waiting for this a long time, you know?
UNK: You'll open my chest, take my heart and replace it with another.
Izzie : Well, not me. And not another heart, a better heart.
Denny : What if something goes wrong?
Izzie : Don't be nervous. Dr. Burke is an incredible surgeon.
Izzie : You're getting a new heart today. Keep thinking of that.
Denny : - Yeah. OK. - Denny.
Denny : Preston Burke. My favorite cardiothoracic surgeon.
Burke : Your only cardiothoracic surgeon, but thanks.
UNK: I'll be on the phone with Dr. Bailey during the organ recovery.
UNK: We want to make sure the heart stays viable,
Burke : isn't damaged while the other organs are perfused.
Burke : We'll have you in the OR, and if it is a go,
UNK: we start the procedure before she even gets back.
Denny : - Hey, Izzie. - Yeah?
Denny : I'm getting a new heart.
Izzie : You're getting a new heart.
UNK: - I'll see you. - Bye.
Cristina : Excuse me.
UNK: Richard uncomfortable : Uh...
UNK: Mr. Singleton : Mary and I were talking, and we think Bex should stay...
UNK: Mrs. Singleton interrupts : She can't handle something like this.
UNK: Mrs. Singleton interrupts : - You saw the scars. - You're not gonna tell her?
George : But this could help her.
George : - You can't not tell her who she is. - Dr. O'Malley.
UNK: We'll proceed with surgery to remove the tumor.
Addison : You can talk to your daughter in your own time.
UNK: Mrs. Singleton : Actually, we were thinking...
UNK: Mr. Singleton : We thought, since you're already going to be in there...
UNK: We know "fixed" isn't the right word but...
UNK: We thought that with the hormonal confusion,
UNK: Mrs. Singleton interrupts : it might be easier on her to remove whatever boy parts she has.
UNK: Mr. Singleton : - Keep her more of a girl. - You're asking me to perform
UNK: sexual reassignment surgery on her?
Meredith : - Yes. - Without her knowing?
UNK: Mr. Singleton : All she's said all her life is that she wants to be normal.