George : Yeah.
UNK: Might be better if it comes from you. With me, there's baggage.
UNK: You? You're just trying to help out a friend.
Richard : Right.
Derek : Let me know if Meredith wants me to call.
UNK: Dr. Boyd to CTU. Dr. Boyd to CTU.
UNK: Karev? What are you doing?
Alex : - Research on the bezoar patient. - I told you I needed you on the floor.
UNK: He has fever, sweats, tingling lips, fingers, toes, mood swings,
Alex : lack of coordination and did I mention the crazy talk?
Richard : - Your point? - My point is, he ate his novel.
Meredith : - I know. - Mercury is in the paper.
Alex : He's got mercury poisoning.
Bailey : Cristina, call Burke.
Bailey : I'm feeling some fairly extensive damage from coronary artery disease.
Cristina : Um...
Bailey : Yang?
UNK: Burke over the phone : - Talk to me, Bailey. - It's me.
Burke : I can't talk. I'm waiting on a call from Bailey.
UNK: Cristina quiet : I'm with Bailey.
UNK: Burke does a double take : You're in Idaho?
George : - Yeah. - You're breaking the rules.
Meredith : Yes.
Richard : Preston. What's happening with our heart?
Burke : Hello, Dr. Webber. Tell me what I need to know about Denny's heart, Dr. Bailey.
UNK: Mrs. Singleton nods : Thank you.
Richard : This program Derek looked into was a favor to me.
UNK: Meredith looks up disbelieving : - Nice try. - Sometimes a favor is just a favor.
Richard : This treatment won't cure your mother or give her a new lease on life,
Richard : but it may give her more good days.
Richard : I urge you to consider.
Mauer : Lying here trapped in this flesh prison, I've reached a grim conclusion.
Mauer : I'm a failure.
Mauer : - You know how that feels? - Dude, if you only knew.
Mauer : Even my manic attempt to put my failed novel behind me failed.
Mauer : Time for a plan B, I reckon.
Mauer : Time indeed.
Mauer : Perhaps I shall play the cello.
UNK: Well, we make a mistake here, and people die. Happens all the time.
Mauer : - All the time? - There's a lot.
UNK: Is this part of the hallucination?
Alex : My point is we all have setbacks, Mauer. But I'm a doctor, and you're a writer.
Alex : We don't have a plan B.
UNK: Mauer jokingly : Call security.
UNK: Richard to Alex : Have you determined a course of treatment for the mercury poisoning?
Alex : The patient has been administered a chelator called British Antileukocyte
Alex : which will absorb the mercury over the next several days.
Richard : Good work, doctor.