UNK: Mr. Singleton : - She doesn't feel normal. - Why can't we put an end to her agony?
Addison : Removing her male sexual organs may not do that.
UNK: - It could do the opposite. - But her hormones...
UNK: Can be controlled with oral medication.
UNK: Mr. Singleton : We just want the best for Bex.
Addison : To do surgery and alter her body permanently is...
UNK: I would not do that on someone who's unaware of the procedure,
UNK: and you're gonna be hard-pressed to find a surgeon who will.
UNK: Bex will learn the truth some day.
George : How do you want her to find out?
Cristina : Excuse me.
UNK: - Meredith. Hi. - Hi.
Meredith : I had the morning off, so I came to see my mother.
UNK: Nurse Linda : - She's in the sitting room. - Thanks.
UNK: Nurse Linda : She's in good spirits. Visitors really cheer her up.
UNK: Meredith to herself : Visitors?
Meredith : What are you doing here?
Derek : There is a clinical trial to study early-onset Alzheimer's.
UNK: OK, me you can screw with.
UNK: My mother? No. Not acceptable.
Derek : Similar studies have had promising results.
Derek : - Your mother is a prime candidate. - She is sick and has few good days.
UNK: I don't want her poked and prodded for some experiment.
UNK: Derek nods : - I'm just trying to help. - What you're doing?
UNK: Being dreamy? It doesn't help.
Meredith : It hurts me. It messes with my head.
Derek : - I know the feeling. - I don't doubt that.
Meredith : But you have a wife to go home to.
Meredith : And I'm guessing she has no idea where you are right now.
UNK: Derek chuckles : - No, she doesn't. - That's what I thought.
UNK: - Dr. Bailey? - Thanks. Dr. Burke?
UNK: What are we looking at?
UNK: The donor is on 25 mics of dopamine.
Burke : 25 mics? That's too much.
UNK: They started him on five mics of dobutamine 30 minutes prior to arrival.
Burke : Are they trying to kill my heart? What is the CVP?
UNK: - CVP? - Around ten.
Richard : - Ten. - MAP close to 80.
UNK: - Mean arterial pressure? - Close to 80.
UNK: I can live with a CVP as low as five and a MAP about 60.
UNK: - That heart must be off dobutamine. - The heart must be off dobutamine.
Burke : And tell them to get the dopamine back down to ten mics.
Burke : Get them to get another two units of blood.
Denny : - We a go, doc? - Still no final word.
UNK: I want the healthiest heart I can find.
Bailey : Dr. Stevens, you'll be in there with us, right?
Izzie : Yeah. I'll be in there with you.
UNK: All right, we're going to remove...
George : Aren't you supposed to be having free time?
UNK: Oh, I did five loads of laundry, cut my split ends, studied,
Meredith : cleaned out the fridge. Free time sucks.
UNK: When would have been the right time to hear about your boyfriend's wife?
UNK: Meredith gives him a look : - OK, are you mad at me or something? - No. No.
UNK: Sorry. I have this patient, and I get that there's a right and a wrong time
George : to hear big news, but wouldn't you rather know sooner than later?
UNK: I mean, just so you can move forward one way or the other.
UNK: I mean, it's a fresh start, right?
Richard : See the little white line of Toldt?
Richard : Now we can mobilize the lateral border of the left colon. Clamp.