Dibala : It is not so easy when you have to do it yourself.
UNK: Allison.
Cameron : I guess I didn't want you dead.
Chase : If you touch my wife again,
Chase : I'll kick your ass out onto the street.
Foreman : I don't care who you are.
Dibala : I did her a favor. I showed her her true character.
Chase : She's a better person than you are.
Dibala : She is too weak to act on her beliefs.
UNK: But that is not her fault. Almost everyone is.
UNK: Even my own advisers, my own colonel.
Dibala : All they do is negotiate and debate and sign treaties.
Dibala : They are appeasers.
Dibala : All the while, we are beset by assassins and traitors, the scum...
UNK: Cockroaches?
UNK: What are you gonna do about them?
Dibala : What is an enemy to you?
Dibala : Some younger physician who covets your office?
Dibala : In my world, there are dangers and bloodshed and death,
Dibala : and that makes you a man. And men make choices.
Chase : And your choice is to send bands of drunk, crazed children
Ruwe : to massacre an entire people?
Dibala : Don't ask me questions you don't want to know the answer to.
UNK: I saved your life. I deserve to know what you're planning to do.
Dibala : Whatever it takes to protect my country.
Wilson : You broke into his apartment?
House : I didn't break in.
Wilson : I wish I believed you.
House : I can fix this.
Wilson : I already did.
UNK: He was gonna press charges,
Wilson : but I promised him you'd leave.
House : You're kicking me out?
House : I'll explain it to your psychiatrist,
UNK: but, yeah, you gotta go somewhere else.
Wilson : House, I know when things go wrong,
Wilson : usually you just double down and get more involved.
Wilson : But here, you could go to jail.
Wilson : And I truly believe
Wilson : that you've changed enough to know this is the right thing.
Cameron : We need a blood sample.
UNK: We gotta do the anticentromere antibody test.
Cameron : It'll show House is right. It's scleroderma.
Chase : Why are you doing this now?
Cameron : Because I didn't want to kill him.
Cameron : And you're right. I have to take a side.
UNK: So I'm gonna do what I can to keep him alive.
Chase : I'll get you the blood.
Cameron : Positive for anticentromere antibodies.
UNK: We gotta get him off the anti-fungals
UNK: and onto steroids immediately.
Foreman : I told you before.
Foreman : This only points to scleroderma. It doesn't prove it.
Chase : You're just gonna ignore the test?
Foreman : Blasto still fits best.
Cameron : I know it's not conclusive, but when you put it
Cameron : with all the other evidence...
Foreman : I've made my decision.
Cameron : Have you told Thirteen you were wrong to fire her?
Foreman : What does that have to do with anything?
Cameron : I've worked with you long enough to know you're reasonable.
Cameron : You can usually admit when you're wrong.