UNK: Nope.
Chase : It's our best guess. The olestra here binds to the poison,
Chase : flushes it out of your system.
Dibala : Where are you from, doctor?
Chase : I'm Australian.
Dibala : Do I hear a bit of British?
Chase : Most people don't notice it.
UNK: Yeah, I kicked around there for a while.
Dibala : You went to medical school there?
UNK: Actually, a year of seminary.
Dibala : And you left. Uh-huh.
Dibala : There was a Catholic mission near my childhood village.
Dibala : I liked the priests. They were good people.
Dibala : But when my two younger sisters were dying from consumption,
Dibala : it wasn't more priests we wanted.
Foreman : I fired my girlfriend because he said he was gone for good.
House : I need this in my life.
Cuddy : A week ago, it was the last thing you needed.
Houes : It's a process. I'm learning.
Foreman : And screwing me over as you go.
UNK: Yeah, that's why I did it.
UNK: Sorry.
House : If you want, I'll explain it to Thirteen.
Foreman : He's not ready. He doesn't have his license.
Cuddy : Then he can't practice. But we'd be idiots not to listen to him.
Cuddy : You're in charge. He sits in on all the differentials.
Cuddy : Until you get your license back, this is all unofficial.
Cuddy : No procedures, no patient contact.
UNK: I think I can probably deal with that last one.
Foreman : The only reason I let you go
Foreman : is because our relationship wouldn't work
Foreman : if I was in charge.
Foreman : But I won't be in charge soon
Foreman : so I came to offer your old job back.
Foreman : I know I look bad, but circumstances have changed.
Thirteen : I don't want the job.
Foreman : Why not?
Thirteen : Because there's a much simpler explanation for you firing me.
Thirteen : You wanted to break up with me,
Thirteen : but you were too weak to do it yourself.
Foreman : Then why would I try to hire you back?
Foreman : Can we please get some dinner tonight?
Thirteen : I'm sorry.
UNK: Uh...
Chase : You're a follow-up?
Ruwe : You must not treat him.
Ruwe : Dibala killed my wife.
Ruwe : She was a trade unionist.
Ruwe : They took her from our home while I was at work.
Chase : Who took her?
Ruwe : Dibala's Youth Labor League.
Ruwe : He pretends it's to get young people off the street,
Ruwe : but he takes teenage boys from the provinces
Ruwe : and feeds them drugs and alcohol
Ruwe : and teaches them how to torture.
Ruwe : They dumped her body in my yard two weeks later.
Ruwe : They raped her.
UNK: They carved "inyenzi", cockroach,
Ruwe : onto her stomach because she's Sitibi.
Chase : I'm very sorry, but I can't discuss other patients.
Chase : You should talk to a lawyer, talk to the UN...
Ruwe : So they can sit and watch like they did in Rwanda?
Ruwe : There are two million Sitibi.
UNK: He is planning to massacre them all.
Ruwe : His radio stations are talking about
Ruwe : a final war to exterminate the cockroaches.
Ruwe : He can't recover.
Thirteen : I'm sorry.
Wilson : How was your first day of school?
House : Didn't pee once in the sandbox.
Wilson : How was it with Cuddy?
House : What did you think I was talking about?
UNK: Hmm.
House : You didn't use garlic. You didn't use it last night either.
House : We always use garlic on Chicken Florentine.
Wilson : It tastes fine this way.
House : You seem to be losing your sense of smell.
Wilson : I think you're losing your sense of mind.
House : I can check right now if you pull my finger.