Bass : He shot him?
UNK: No.
Chase : You need a lawyer.
Chase : You can get a court-appointed.
UNK: I can help you.
Ruwe : I can't be helped.
Chase : You did a stupid, terrible thing.
Chase : But given the circumstances with your wife,
Chase : you could get a reduced sentence.
Ruwe : She wasn't my wife.
UNK: Well, who was she?
Ruwe : They never told us her name.
Ruwe : What his men made us do to that woman,
Ruwe : he is now going to do to all the Sitibi.
Cameron : You could have gotten killed.
Ruwe : He wasn't going to hurt me.
Cameron : He fired a gun in the hospital.
Chase : Come here.
Cameron : Maybe next time, don't yell out that warning.
Foreman : The bloody eye was from an enlarged lymph node blocking the retinal vein.
Foreman : We restored circulation,
Foreman : but it means we've got to add lymph involvement
UNK: to the heart and lungs, and rising fever.
UNK: I'm just going to sit here quietly.
UNK: Why?
House : I feel like I've been inadvertently undermining your authority.
House : So I'm just gonna observe. I'm not gonna say a word.
Foreman : The heart could point to sarcoidosis.
Chase : I'm thinking the X-rays indicate a lack of hilar adenopathy,
Chase : which rules it out.
Foreman : Staph aureus?
UNK: No.
UNK: Because he smokes?
Foreman : He's miming a thermometer.
Foreman : He says the fever's not high enough.
Chase : So some other infection.
Foreman : He's wrong.
Foreman : The fever could be misleading us into thinking infection.
UNK: Talk.
Foreman : It could all fit with lymphoma.
House : I need you to spread your legs so I can do an "H".
Cameron : Can't be lymphoma. LDH is normal.
Foreman : He's got good liver function,
Foreman : it's masking the elevated levels.
Foreman : Biopsy the lymph node. Check it out.
House : Makes sense. Guess you don't need me.
House : Oh. By the way, you might want to close the blinds.
House : It's really bright in here.
Wilson : It's just a wild coincidence
Wilson : that he thought you were a rude jerk.
House : Come on, give me the benefit of the doubt.
House : You said he's a jerk. I barely talked.
Wilson : You talked!
Wilson : All I wanted was to sip morning espresso