UNK: Ex-girlfriend's baby again?
Wilson : His mother is moving to Costa Rica,
Wilson : he asked if he could move in with me...
Wilson : and I said yes.
House : Well, it's only six or seven years.
House : Unless he can't get into college,
House : in which case it's more a matter of your life expectancy.
Wilson : I said yes, knowing I'm not remotely ready for that,
Wilson : knowing he's not ready to be separated from his mother.
Wilson : This isn't the act of a mature, rational adult.
Wilson : I can't do this, House.
House : You were right.
House : I have an idea that can make this entire problem go away.
Wilson : Yes, I really want to hear your clever late-term abortion joke.
Wilson : You were right about everything. This is life.
Wilson : It's real. It doesn't just go away.
House : None of that is true.
UNK: He?'
UNK: Duncan.
UNK: Actually, it's Wendel, one "L".
UNK: If you're gonna get pissy, remember, it was House's idea.
Wilson : You're an actor?
Duncan : Five commercials, and a recurring on Days of our Lives.
House : You were regretting not having kids, so I gave you one.
House : Thereby rendering you regret-free. It's a priceless gift.
House : Get out. Well, it's not priceless.
House : He charges SAG minimum...
House : Get out!
Duncan : Chillax, Dad.
House : Can you do an Australian accent?
Bobby : I just got the call.
Bobby : Three-year deal, 2.1 million.
Taub : What about the flooded backyard and pretending to be Lemieux'?
Bobby : That's why I took it.
Bobby : After all I did to get here,
Bobby : half a dream is better than nothing.
Bobby : Maybe my new coach will see what my Juniors coach didn't.
Taub : That'd be nice.
Park : I'm not sleeping with you.
Chase : That's a shame.
Park : This is about Popo.
Chase : She's not sleeping with me either, right?
Wilson : You were jealous of me, my family.
Chase : Maybe you've got too much and I've got too little.
Park : I might sleep with you after all.
Wilson : The woman that I called, that was really Beth?
House : Found her on Facebook.
Wilson : How much did she charge?
House : Nothing. She's still pissed at you.
Wilson : I thought you liked prosciutto.
House : Nobody likes prosciutto.