House : Capacity crowd is on its feet, five seconds on the clock.
UNK: Ah!
House : How is it possible for one man to be blessed with so much skill?
Taub : I had one just like this, except it was Bruins and the Habs.
UNK: Where'd you get it?
House : Birthday present for someone in pediatric oncology.
UNK: Twenty-two-year-old enforcer with hemoptysis.
Adams : He's a hockey player?
House : No, he's a superhero.
Taub : He's coughing up blood because he probably broke a rib
Taub : and punctured a lung while breaking someone else's rib
Taub : and puncturing their lung in the name of sport.
House : Nice conclusion, to which the ER already jumped 18 hours ago.
House : Short man equals bullied child.
Taub : I was average height as a kid. And never bullied.
Adams : Until now.
Adams : X-ray ruled out traumatic sequelae, overt TB and lung cancer.
Chase : Sarcoidosis. Nodules could be too small to show up on an X-ray.
UNK: But fighting's the best part of hockey.
Chase : Without it, you've got the Ice Capades.
Taub : Fighting has nothing to do with hockey.
Taub : It's like the cheerleaders at a basketball game.
UNK: Cheerleading's the best part of basketball.
Chase : Without it, you've got basketball.
Adams : He's a duck hunter.
UNK: He could have contracted psittacosis from exposure to fowl.
Taub : He had three teeth knocked out two weeks ago.
UNK: Infection could have led to oral bleeding.
Park : Not without continuing dental pain.
Taub : Then he took an elbow to the gut,
Taub : which caused an esophageal tear.
House : Chase, CT the patient, check for sarcoid.
House : Adams, sputum cultures and serologies for psittacosis.
House : Taub, I'd tell you why I think your theory
House : is not just wrong but ill-conceived,
House : but it's more fun to prove it by having you check the stool for blood.
UNK: Now while we wait for the stool fairy, I'm a man down.
UNK: So if you want to drop your pants and hit the ice.
Bobby : The NHL's been sniffing around,
UNK: and being in the hospitals not really helping my marketability, so...
Adams : You have to be pretty good to get called up.
Bobby : Yeah, leading the league in penalty minutes.
Taub : And visits to the ER, not counting the ones you've caused.
Bobby : Not a hockey fan, I gather?
Taub : I am, that's the point. Fighting cheapens a great sport.
Bobby : Oh, come on. That's like saying passing cheapens football.
Bobby : It's part of the game.
Bobby : I don't cause injuries.
Taub : They're self-inflicted?
Bobby : No, I prevent them.
UNK: Hake the hits, so the smaller guys don't have to.
Bobby : I thought you'd appreciate that.
House : Neighbor's baby again?
Wilson : I could hear it through earplugs,
Wilson : two pillows, and three sleeping pills.
UNK: Hmm.
Wilson : What is wrong with you?
House : I just said, "Hmm."
Wilson : You're trying to figure out some deeper significance
Wilson : to my having a couple of crappy nights.
House : Which one of us is analyzing the word "hmm" here?
UNK: Fine. I'm sorry.
House : Apology accepted.
UNK: However, it's not the crying that's keeping you awake.
House : The sound of a needy child is stirring your paternal juices.
House : The sound of a needy child at 112 decibels
Wilson : has stirred my inner murderer. Don't mess with me.
House : Explain the stains on your shirt. You're lactating.
House : The fact that you're the only fruit