UNK: You remember the falconer?
UNK: Beth?
House : You dated two falconers?
House : The night the two of you split up,
House : you came around to my place,
House : wallowing in self-pity and tequila.
House : You passed out.
House : She called that night. Asked me to give you a message.
House : She said she was pregnant.
House : Which, God and Planned Parenthood willing,
House : means you are the father of an 11-year-old.
House : I told you the next morning. Hypothetically.
House : I asked you how you'd feel if Beth had gotten pregnant,
House : and you said, and I quote, "It would be the worst mistake of my life."
Wilson : And scene.
Wilson : Two performances Sunday, dark Mondays?
House : Just as well.
Park : I want to kill my mother.
Park : My Popo's on her own
Park : and my mother always needs me to take care of her.
Chase : Well, you could kill Popo instead.
Park : I have to take her shopping, to her friends, to Atlantic City.
Park : I love her, but every night, every weekend...
Chase : And only if there was some solution,
UNK: some place where you could live.
Chase : That's not there.
Park : My mom would freak. It would be the ultimate sign of disrespect.
Chase : Okay. Then stay.
UNK: And maybe you'd consider not bitching about it?
Park : Not everyone's lucky enough to have your independence.
Chase : Don't worry. When you lose your family, you'll have ll, too.
Park : He doesn't have sarcoid.
UNK: Look at that That's his spleen.
Chase : I know, but he's gotten it supersized.
Taub : Deep vein thrombosis, caused by any one of his many injuries or surgeries.
Park : Leukemia's a better fit.
Taub : We have a guy who is punishing his body on a daily basis.
Taub : Don't you think that's a more likely cause than cancer?
Adams : No, because she doesn't have an agenda.
House : Well, that was incredibly unprofessional.
UNK: Although, it's really Taub's fault.
House : If you're not prepared to slam her into the board,
House : she's got no reason not to go after you.
House : Might I suggest pulling her jersey over her head first?
Chase : We should get an ultrasound for DVT and WBC for leukemia.
Bobby : You think I could have cancer?
Taub : More likely it's just a DVT.
Bobby : This is my agent. I gotta take this.
UNK: Yeah.
Bobby : Give me some good news, Kenny.
UNK: I thought you said "any day".
Bobby : Okay. All right.
Wilson : I called Beth.
Park : I have an 11-year-old son.
Chase : Liver failure could alter hormone levels,
Chase : cause abnormal breast development.
Park : Alcoholism. We should search his home and locker room.
House : Note that the person who wants to search the home
House : didn't sleep in one last night.
House : You have the imprint of a seatbelt buckle on your cheek.
Park : I got in a fight with my mother.
House : She hit you with a seatbelt?
UNK: It could be hemochromatosis.
UNK: Explains the liver and the spleen,
Adams : but hemoptysis is a stretch.
Adams : What about leptospirosis?
Taub : That's a good fit.
Taub : If you ignore the fact that he's a pro athlete
Taub : who looks like the Incredible Hulk,
UNK: which means he's got to be on steroids, which is a better fit.
House : All we really know for sure is that
House : it was his evil job that caused the problems.
Taub : Yes, I don't like him. Doesn't mean my judgment's affected.
House : Maybe. Let's take a look at the instant replay.
House : This is the hit that precipitated Booby Orr's fight.
House : Dirty or clean?
Taub : - The hit was clean. - Really?
Adams : The guy released the puck at least a second before the hit.
Taub : We have a difference of opinion. That's all.
UNK: Absolutely.
House : Maybe she's as biased as you.
House : Or maybe the entire league is.
House : After review, the league disciplinary commissioner ruled the hit
House : illegal and dangerous, and suspended the player for three games.
House : Adams and Taub, run antibody titers for lepto.
House : Chase and Park, check out the home, the locker room for booze,
House : steroids and Taub's objectivity.
Chase : At least you're free.
UNK: You gonna get your own place?