Park : If I can find a place I can afford, so no.
Chase : If you want, you can crash at my place. Got a spare bedroom.
Park : That might be kind of weird.
Chase : I live in an apartment, not a dungeon.
Park : It's just two single people, opposite sex.
Chase : Your bedroom door has a lock on the inside.
Chase : Hey, if you prefer your car, be my guest.
UNK: Scrip for ganciclovir.
Park : If his neighbor has mono, it could mean he has mono.
Park : If he has mono, explains his spleen and hemoptysis.
UNK: And it's caused by the Epstein-Barr virus, which explains his liver.
Park : And my moonroof leaks.
Park : Thank you.
House : Why don't we just assume that you're not the dad?
UNK: Well, either you're the dad
House : or she cheated on you with your dad.
UNK: Oh!
Wilson : Sand art. I used to love this.
House : He's bitter, not mentally handicapped.
House : Who knows what Beth told him about you'?
House : At worst, you're a rapist. At best, you're a rapist.
Wilson : Maybe she said I was a dead war hero.
House : Raised by a lunatic mother and abandoned by his father.
House : Oh, I know, squirrel handcuffs.
House : You think he's got any of those?
Wilson : If you really wanted me to do nothing with this information,
Wilson : then why did you give it to me?
House : Because you were pining for a kid
House : and you deserved to know that you already had one.
UNK: But your paternal cravings are more theoretical than applied.
House : You want vicarious immortality
House : more than you want a lifelong burden.
Wilson : You're assuming he's gonna be a nightmare.
Wilson : What if he's a good kid?
House : He's a kid. Best you can hope for is he's a nightmare.
Wilson : House, I'm not naive. I realize that this thing could go very badly,
Wilson : but the point is my son wants to meet me, and I want to meet him.
Chase : Popo, I presume.
Park : Hey. I let myself in.
Bobby : This is... We've met.
Chase : I thought the whole point of this was to get away from Popo.
Park : My dad's getting a cyst removed
Park : and my mother had to take him to the clinic.
Park : Don't worry, she'll be gone in an hour.
Chase : I'm not worried because it's not my issue.
Chase : She seems awfully quiet.
Park : You haven't seen her drunk.
UNK: Bobby?
Taub : I found him crying in the fetal position.
Park : It's not a new symptom.
Park : He's crying because his liver failure
Park : threw his hormones out of whack.
Adams : Aside from the crying, he's actually recovering nicely.
Taub : Aside from the guy in the book depository,
Taub : the Kennedys had a lovely trip to Dallas.
Taub : Repetitive blows to the head
Taub : can cause chronic traumatic encephalopathy,
UNK: the symptoms of which are aggressive behavior and depression.
House : So your theory is that his aggressive behavior
House : caused his aggressive behavior?
House : He's not depressed, he's just bummed,
House : because he knows he's a talentless moron
House : who's only one lost fight away from being a barista.
House : I understand that can get to a guy after a while.
Taub : If he quits being an enforcer, it could save his life.
House : You don't want to save his life.
House : You want to kill his career.
Park : I moved into Chase's apartment.
Park : He knows. He was staring at our matching cups.
House : I told you we should have split up.
Park : We're not having sex. With each other.
UNK: Yet. Yes.
UNK: Yes?
Park : I just mean no one knows the future right now, so we don't really know...
Park : The only conclusive test for CTE is post-mortem.
Taub : But an MRI of his brain could reveal white matter disintegrity,
Taub : which is the effect of CTE.
House : Why'? Are you trying to sleep with her?