UNK: What, all of us? Those of us who love him, those who hate him?
House : Those who don't give a crap about him or you?
Taub : Or I could just discuss it on my own with Foreman.
House : He's not your friend.
Taub : I get it' he's a patient.
UNK: I'm not... He never had your back.
House : He didn't insist that I apologize to you.
House : He asked me to take you off the case.
House : Biopsy his brain.
Duncan : Hey, Dad.
UNK: He?'
Duncan : Sorry I'm late. Got in a fight with my mom She is such a tool.
Wilson : I'm sure she means well.
Duncan : She wants to open a reserve in Costa Rica for rescued birds of prey.
Wilson : But how serious is she?
Wilson : From my recollection, she used to talk about doing a lot.
Duncan : Yeah, but she bought plane tickets for Monday.
Wilson : Well, Costa Rica is beautiful.
Wilson : And the schools are supposed to be great.
Duncan : Oh! I'm not going. It's her stupid dream, not mine.
Wilson : Then what will you do?
UNK: Uh...
Duncan : I thought maybe I could stay with you?
UNK: Your place is only three miles away from my school.
UNK: I can bus it every day.
Duncan : And I do my own laundry. I keep my room tidy.
UNK: Duncan, this...
Wilson : This is very sudden.
Duncan : I know. I'm sorry.
Duncan : Please don't send me to the jungle.
Wilson : If it's okay with your mother, it's okay with me.
Taub : Take me off the case.
Taub : I've obviously completely lost my objectivity.
Taub : I'm not helping. I'm not even neutral.
UNK: Agreed.
House : So why shouldn't I take you off all my cases?
Taub : Because you were right. I hate bullies.
House : You work for me.
Taub : You're not a bully.
House : Pretty sure I am, dickwad.
Taub : I've known a lot of bullies, people who didn't like me because I'm short,
Taub : people who didn't like me because I'm Jewish.
House : Yeah, I get it, there's a long list of reasons not to like you.
Taub : You relentlessly mock, but it's not for self-aggrandizement,
Taub : it's because ideas are bigger than feelings.
Taub : At least that's what I choose to believe.
Taub : I also thought you had the side effect of desensitizing me.
House : You little hebe.
UNK: Here are some ideas for you.
House : You screwed up. You kept on screwing up. Everything you said is true.
House : Except it doesn't mean you walk away.
House : You just learn to trust nothing.
House : Everything you think you feel, everything you think you know,
UNK: you question every call, play through every whistle.
Taub : I just had a light bulb.
UNK: Maybe.
House : You can trust light bulbs.
UNK: Stop. It's not prions.
Taub : Epstein-Barr gave him mono, it also gave him Miller Fisher syndrome.
Taub : The plasmapheresis played through the whistle.
Taub : We gave it to him for MPA, but when he got worse, we took him off.
Taub : When he got better, we thought it was the antitoxin,
Taub : but it was actually the plasmapheresis still working.
Taub : We had the right treatment, just the wrong diagnosis.
House : It was my metaphor that solved the case.
House : Put him back on plasmapheresis. He'll be fine.
House : Nice save.
House : Didn't quite make up for being a sieve the rest of the game.