Taub : ANCA panel was negative. It's not MPA.
Adams : Lyme disease could cause paralysis,
Adams : if he was hunting, he'd be exposed to ticks.
House : No target rash or cardiac involvement.
House : Roomies with benefits keeping you up?
Chase : Cribbage. I played with Park's Popo.
House : Is that two separate events?
UNK: Her grandmother. ALS could explain the symptoms.
Park : Sensory involvement rules out ALS.
UNK: Okay, now this is interesting.
House : We'll get back to the patient in a second.
House : Your issue is the same as Wilson's.
House : Except you're haunted by the pitter-patter of tiny skanks.
House : You don't feel guilty about getting Park thrown out of her home.
House : You feel guilty about all the women that you've screwed over.
House : My mother needs 1,000 bucks for snow tires.
Chase : Park's a friend, Popo's fun.
Taub : Paralysis has gone from his face to his arms,
Taub : meaning it's descending, which is the hallmark of botulism.
House : So it was something he ate. How innocuous.
House : You've overcome your bias by reversing it.
House : The only problem is that being in love with the patient
House : is just as judgmental as being in hate.
House : We didn't find any contaminated...
Taub : No contaminated food, I'm not an idiot.
Taub : But what if it's not from ingesting, but from injecting?
Taub : He was treated for intractable muscle spasms by the team's trainers.
Taub : Sometimes they use Botox.
Adams : We need to start the antitoxin.
Taub : The antitoxin could cause anaphylaxis.
Taub : We need to test first to confirm.
House : As if to prove my point.
House : Last time you said there wasn't enough time to test
House : prior to a more dangerous treatment.
UNK: It's a different situation, a different symptom, a different diagnosis.
House : Different emotion. Give him the antitoxin.
UNK: Anything?
Taub : No adverse effects.
Park : Chase let me move in with him to getaway from my grandmother,
Park : then he practically let my grandmother move in with the both of us.
Park : He's being way more than nice.
Taub : Then which answer is it?
Taub : Chase feels guilty for pushing you to move out'?
Park : He didn't push me.
Taub : - Guilt about skanks? - He loves skanks.
Taub : It's not the other option.
Park : There are people that like me,
UNK: people who even want to sleep with me.
Park : Some of them are even good looking.
UNK: That good looking?
Taub : Did you see that?
Taub : You're feeling something?
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : I could give you crap for making me wait 11 years,
UNK: but instead I'm gonna thank you
Wilson : for not making me wait another 11.
House : Every little girl wants a pony
UNK: until they have to clean up after it.
UNK: You think I'm gonna quit on this? On an 11-year-old?
House : The only relationship you haven't quit on has been with me.
Wilson : Hmm. A needy, truculent narcissist.
UNK: I think it's been the perfect training for parenthood.
House : That's not even close.
House : This is the rest of your life.
UNK: If you screw this up, you don't get to run away.
House : You get to ruin both your lives.
House : This is a bigger responsibility
House : than any you've ever taken on, and screwed up.
Chase : I know.
Wilson : That's why I'm so excited about it.
Bobby : You're really happier doing this than looking at boobs all day'?
Taub : Luckily, I get patients like you every now and again
Taub : who let me re-experience the joy.
Bobby : You know the best part of my day
Bobby : is when I'm sitting in that penalty box
Bobby : after I beat someone up.
UNK: It's the only time I know I'm safe.