UNK: If it's a subpoena, he's gotten that kind of present before.
Taub : It was a book.
Wilson : That narrows it down.
Wilson : Just look for someone who knows how to read
Wilson : or has been to a bookstore.
Taub : Most bookstores don't carry Joseph Bell on surgery.
Wilson : Did it have a note?
Kutner : "Greg, made me think of you."
Wilson : Green wrapping paper.
Taub : How did you know that?
Taub : What is it?
Wilson : It's nothing.
Taub : Yes, when something's nothing,
Taub : the natural response is to guess the color of the paper it's wrapped in
Taub : and then descend into stunned silence.
Wilson : Irene Adler. Christmas 2001.
Wilson : Sarcoid symptoms, but she didn't respond to methotrexate.
Wilson : I've never seen him so obsessed.
Wilson : He saved her with a last-minute Wegener's diagnosis.
Wilson : But the hours he put in, I thought it would kill him.
Wilson : And then, well, he fell for her.
Wilson : But it was too soon after Stacy and...
Wilson : It sounds silly, but Irene was the one who got away.
UNK: Really?
Wilson : No, you idiots. House is just screwing with you.
Wilson : You think there's some woman with a mysterious
Wilson : green wrapping paper trademark?
Taub : Then how did you guess...
Wilson : I could be wrong.
Wilson : It's possible a secret admirer gave House the same book I gave him last Christmas,
Wilson : And the same paper I wrapped it in,
Wilson : and the note I wrote.
Kutner : We gotta go.
UNK: Heartbeat?
UNK: One-fifty.
Cuddy : BP 180 over 110. Crackling three-quarters of the way up.
UNK: At least this means she didn't try to kill herself.
Cuddy : Scratch the hallucinations, that's from the mushrooms.
Cuddy : Leaves liver failure and now pulmonary edema.
House : And you standing there beseechingly.
UNK: Yes, I was gonna stalk you at home,
Cuddy : but it was a busy week and your office is closer.
Taub : Thirteen and Foreman were busy drug-trialing
Taub : and we needed an answer on the overdose, so we called her in.
Taub : She's just updating us.
UNK: Convenient. Update's done.
Taub : This is a good experience for me as my parents never got divorced.
UNK: Theories? Glue sniffing.
Kutner : Effects on the lungs would have been immediate.
Taub : House, we all know what's going on here.
Taub : Cuddy gave you that present.
UNK: No.
UNK: Infections?
Thirteen : No fever, no polys in the sputum.
Taub : I think...
Taub : I think she loves you.
House : I told you to lay off the present.
House : And the LSD.
House : We got distracted by the painkillers, toxins are still the most likely...
Taub : Just tell her how you feel.
Taub : If you won't, then I will. I'll walk right down there.
Taub : Damn it, love like this needs to fly free.
House : You talked to Wilson.
Taub : He has very girly handwriting, by the way.
House : I knew I should have just wrapped a new present.
House : You said the patient volunteered. Where?
Kutner : Pleasant Valley.
House : Soup kitchen in Trenton.
UNK: Thirteen and Kutner, go search the home and the school.
House : Taub, you take the anal swabbing of the fragrant and contagious homeless men.
House : Why don't you hang out in the video store
House : and tell everyone Kevin Spacey's Keyser Soze?