Whitney : No, but that's so nice.
Whitney : Usually, the clinic doctors are kind of rushed.
House : If you can't be nice, why be a doctor?
House : So, where do you feel the pain?
Whitney : In the back of my head, here. Uh-huh.
House : It's Beccaria's sign. It'll be gone by your third trimester.
UNK: Oh, I'm not in school.
House : Neither is your fetus.
Whitney : Oh, God.
House : You didn't know you were pregnant?
Whitney : How do... You know that just from the headache?
House : How do I know?
House : I missed my period, I got fat and threw up.
House : Oh, no, wait, that's how you know.
UNK: What?
House : I know because of the tight shirt stretched over the swollen boobs,
House : the salt craving you imported into the clinic,
House : the motion sickness patch that doesn't do anything
House : for the kind of sickness that you feel in the morning.
Whitney : I'm a virgin. So is my fiancé.
House : I believe him.
Whitney : Aren't there other ways I could get pregnant?
Whitney : Like sitting on a toilet seat?
House : Absolutely. There would need to be a guy sitting between you and the toilet seat,
House : but, yes, absolutely.
UNK: And I was doing so well.
UNK: Natalie?
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : Oh, God. Natalie.
Cuddy : She's having a seizure.
Cuddy : Put her on her side. Nurse!
UNK: Mrs. Soellner : Is this from the TB?
UNK: Not with a supple neck. I don't know what this is.
Cuddy : Four milligrams lorazepam.
House : Liver, lungs, and now brain, which has mysteriously reappeared.
House : Speaking of mysteriously reappeared...
UNK: Her ALT is 20 times normal, transaminases and PTs, way up.
UNK: She's going to lose her liver. We gotta get her on the transplant list.
House : You keep showing up. You also keep leaving.
House : It's possible that you have the hots for me, but really, really hate this kid.
House : It's also remotely possible I have that reversed.
Cuddy : She's a nice kid, I want to make sure she's okay.
Cuddy : Hepatic fibrosis.
Thirteen : Normal complement level, normal-sized liver.
House : She remind you of you?
House : No, you weren't a loser in high school.
House : You had every Tom, Dick and Hershel wet dreaming about you.
House : But she could be making you think of another helpless,
House : chubby little girl that you recently met.
Cuddy : You're not really making this about the baby I tried to adopt.
UNK: It's been a few weeks.
House : Just enough time to get over hurt feelings.
Cuddy : Natalie's 16.
Cuddy : I think you're confusing being maternal with being human.
Cuddy : If we hadn't ruled out the mushrooms...
Kutner : Maybe we shouldn't have.
Kutner : Forget toxic, think allergic.
Kutner : Severe mold allergy could cause liver failure, respiratory arrest,
Kutner : and encephalopathy.
Thirteen : She ate the shrooms days ago. There's no way she'd still be sick.
House : Unless it also gave her a fungal infection. Give her a prick test and antifungals.
Foreman : Hey. Thank you for the gift. I really appreciate it.
Thirteen : I spoke to Janice.
Thirteen : She okay?