Taub : By the way, that ending really made no sense at all.
Wilson : You had my present for a year and didn't even open it?
House : I had no way of knowing there was an expensive book inside.
Wilson : Completely meaningless prank, even for you.
House : Stealing your ice cream is a completely meaningless, albeit delicious, prank.
House : Observing my team's reactions to unexplained phenomena
UNK: could have been pretty useful.
Wilson : Of all the ways to mess with people, why give yourself an imaginary present?
House : Have you checked the prices for firemen strippers recently?
UNK: Yes.
Wilson : The holidays. They're hard for you, I get it.
Wilson : You see the people around you giving and receiving gifts,
Wilson : having sustained, meaningful relationships. And since you can't,
Wilson : something deep in your subconscious makes you create the appearance of a gift.
UNK: Sad.
House : You really passed your psych rotation?
Wilson : It's too bad you can't just be nice to people. You could get a real present that way.
House : If I wanted gifts,
House : I would just look deep into my patient's eyes and act like you.
House : "Oh, I'm so sorry you're dying, Mrs. Moron.
UNK: "Of course I'll sleep with you. What I lack in skill, I can make up for in..."
UNK: You'd just wind up insulting her. Perhaps calling her Mrs. Moron.
UNK: Right. 'Cause I'm physically incapable of being polite.
Wilson : Being kind in a sustained, meaningful way? No.
House : Oh, I get it. You're trying to get me to prove you wrong,
House : then I'm gonna be nice to all my patients all through the holiday season
House : and then Mr. Potter won't steal Tiny Tim's porridge. I'm totally on it.
Wilson : Yeah, that actually is what I'm trying to do.
Wilson : And the pathetic part is, it's not going to work.
House : You're right.
House : I gotta stop being such a jerk.
UNK: Oops!
UNK: Kind of undercut myself there.
UNK: Janice?
Thirteen : I'm Remy. I'm... Yeah, I remember you.
Thirteen : I heard you left the trial.
UNK: Yeah.
Thirteen : If there's some way I could help...
Janice : It was that doctor. The one that was running the test.
Thirteen : Dr. Foreman. Yeah.
Thirteen : He's a great neurologist. He's a great guy.
Janice : You like him?
House : Why don't you?
Janice : I told him that those injections were making me sick in my stomach,
Janice : and he just gave me antacid.
Thirteen : We were warned that nausea's a side effect,
Thirteen : and giving you antacid is all he really could do.
Janice : No. He told me, "Get over it."
Janice : With or without these drugs,
Janice : I don't have a long time.
Janice : I'm not gonna spend it being his guinea pig.
UNK: House.
Taub : It's tuberculosis.
House : You got that from an anal swab? Man, you're good.
UNK: There was a more subtle clue.
Taub : Homeless guy, uncontrollably hacking up blood.
Taub : Cough's lasted two months. He was cachectic.
UNK: Unless you could tie him to the patient...
Taub : Yes, again, if only there was some subtle clue,
Taub : like the fact that he was standing next to her in the soup line for a week.
House : I hate spunk.
UNK: TB can cause liver failure, lung symptoms.
UNK: Fits.
House : Start her on the standard regimen.
Taub : You don't have clinic duty today.
House : Who says it's a duty?
House : Hi. I'm Greg.
Whitney : Hi. I'm Whitney.
House : Hi, Whitney, how can I help you?
UNK: I have a terrible headache.
House : Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
UNK: We'll get you fixed up. Is there anything else you need?
UNK: Bottled water? Coffee? Mint tea?