UNK: It was you, all this time. Why?
UNK: Steve Fuller : You know, he was abusing her.
Smith : Terrible things.
Smith : I don't think a month went by when we didn't get called up to this house.
UNK: And one day, I stopped by in the afternoon to check on her.
Beckett : You were the affair.
Smith : It wasn't an affair! It was love.
UNK: Then why'd you kill her?
Ryan : I didn't mean to. It just...
Smith : She wanted to call it off with me,
Smith : and I couldn't let that happen.
Beckett : And Matt Benton?
Smith : The way he treated her? He deserved what he got.
Beckett : As the lead officer, you knew you could steer the investigation off yourself
Beckett : and onto someone they'd never find.
Castle : And then you sent those postcards to keep your suspect alive.
Smith : Let them think that he did it. It was his fault anyway.
Beckett : What about Jack Sinclair? How'd you find out about him?
Smith : I promised Fuller that I would solve this case one day.
Smith : I asked him to keep me informed of any developments.
Beckett : So that when Jack contacted Fuller
Beckett : about the crime scene, he called you.
Castle : And when we told Fuller we were gonna check out that room tomorrow,
Castle : he called you then, too.
Smith : You're both very smart.
Smith : But you're forgetting one thing.
Smith : This house is haunted.
UNK: THUDDING
Beckett : Thanks for the gun, Detective. I really appreciate it.
Beckett : You know, I felt bad about Sinclair. I really did.
Beckett : But he knew too much about that night,
Beckett : stuff that wasn't in the papers.
Castle : So he had to go.
Smith : Get on your knees.
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle, he's not gonna shoot us.
Beckett : That won't fit the legend.
Castle : Any more helpful hints you'd care to pass along to our killer?
Smith : On your knees.
Beckett : I don't think so, Addison.
Castle : You see, the demon only really kills when no one's looking.
Castle : And tonight,
Castle : we have an audience.
Beckett : They recorded your full confession.
UNK: MAN 1 : NYPD!
UNK: MAN 2 : Let me see your hands!
Castle : On the floor!
Officer : You have the right to remain silent.
ESPOSITO : So busted!
UNK: Ghost-busted! Thanks to Lulu.
Lulu : It's the least I could do for him, you know,
Lulu : for Jack.
Castle : So Fuller had no idea about that room.
Beckett : Well, like we said before, anyone could have grabbed
Esposito : the light bulb from another part
Beckett : of the house and placed it there.
Beckett : I guess Smith did it.
Beckett : He's in with the DA right now, writing his confession.
Beckett : Yeah, well, what I don't get is
Castle : if he was so in love with Melanie, why would he kill her?
Beckett : He said that a dem on made him do it.
Beckett : Just laying the groundwork for his insanity plea, I'm sure.
UNK: Perhaps.
UNK: Come on, Castle, even you have to admit
Beckett : everything, every haunting, every death,
Beckett : everything even remotely connected
Beckett : to paranormal activity in the McClaren house
Beckett : can be explained by that passageway.
Lulu : I don't know. What about last night
Castle : when we were in the living room?
Castle : How about the door, the light, the candle?
Beckett : Old wiring, drafty house.
UNK: Or maybe it was something more.
Castle : Think about it.
Castle : If you hadn't gone looking for the draft that blew out the candle,
UNK: you would never have found the passageway.
Beckett : Or Matt Benton's body.
Beckett : Spell it out for those of us that are paranormally-impaired.
Castle : Maybe someone wanted us to find that passageway.
UNK: Maybe
Castle : Jack Sinclair's ghost was helping solve his own murder.
Beckett : Okay, I'll tell you what.
Beckett : I will admit to that possibility,
Beckett : if you admit there is no demon.
UNK: Done.
UNK: Did anyone see... That was weird.
Alexis : Hi, Dad.
Castle : Hey, you're up late.
UNK: Playing Skype-tag with Ashley?
Alexis : No, we finally connected.
Castle : Was it everything you hoped for
Castle : in a peer-to-peer video conference and more?
UNK: Honestly, it was blah.
Alexis : I mean, he was preoccupied, and I was tired.
UNK: And this whole time difference thing is a real drag.
UNK: Nobody said that long-distance was easy.
Alexis : Yeah, but is it supposed to be this hard?
Castle : Well, I can tell you this.
Castle : Any relationship that lasts longer than a breath mint
Castle : is gonna have challenges.
Castle : But if a relationship doesn't work out,
Castle : it's usually not because of the challenges.
Castle : It's usually because the relationship
Castle : wasn't strong enough to begin with.
Castle : Does this help?
Alexis : Not really.
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : But this always does Hmm..
UNK: I could promise you this.
Castle : If two people believe in something, really believe,
Castle : anything, even the impossible, is possible.
UNK: Even flesh-eating zombies?
UNK: Especially flesh-eating zombies.
Castle : Now, where were we?
Alexis : Yeah, right there.