Castle : Wow. Did you get any sleep?
Castle : Not a wink. But it was worth it.
Castle : After researching the history of the McClaren mansion,
Castle : I think I know what happened to our victi ghost hunter Jack Sinclair.
UNK: That coffee's for you, by the way. Oh.
Lulu : Not that. The other one, that's...
Castle : I'll make you one. Um...
Castle : Since the McClaren mansion was built in 1898,
Castle : bodies have been piling up faster than a Tarantino movie.
UNK: Eight killings in all.
Castle : Starting with, the original owner,
Castle : Robert Pettigrew, strangled, 1903,
Castle : all the way to Melanie Benton, hacked to pieces in 1991.
Castle : The current owner, Steve Fuller,
Castle : tried to have the house torn down,
Castle : but it was declared a landmark by the Society for Historic...
Beckett : I'm sorry, Castle. I appreciate your work, I do.
Beckett : But what does this have to do with our case?
Castle : Just getting to that.
Castle : It seems that in almost all of these killings,
UNK: the killer claimed that there was a... Ready for this?
Castle : That a demon was responsible.
Beckett : A demon? Really?
Castle : I'm not making this up. It's in the books.
Beckett : Fine. A demon killed Jack Sinclair.
Beckett : So, what's our next step?
UNK: Are we gonna stake out the house, wait for the demon to show up?
Beckett : Zap him with our proton pack?
UNK: ESPOSITO SNICKERS
Castle : That's not a real thing, you know. That real ghost hunters use.
UNK: "Real ghost hunters"? Isn't that a contradiction in terms, bro?
Beckett : Okay, does anyone have anything pertinent to our case?
Lulu : I do. Okay.
Esposito : I tracked down that cab our vic took last night.
UNK: The driver's trip log says
Esposito : that he picked up Jack on the corner of 38th and 9th.
Beckett : Have uniforms canvass the area with Jack's photo.
Beckett : Let's see what he was up to.
Esposito : Oh, and phone records too. Maybe that'll shed some light on things.
Ryan : I think I can shed some light on why Jack didn't wanna do the show here.
Ryan : Talked to an old high school pal that
Ryan : Jack had breakfast with a couple of days ago.
Ryan : Turns out that our vic actually used to live right near the McClaren house.
UNK: He said that he used to walk a couple of blocks out of his way
Ryan : just to avoid walking past it.
Ryan : Said it gave him a "creeped-out feeling."
CASTLE : You see, I am telling you,
Castle : there was something going on with this house.
Castle : The last people to...
Castle : The last people that lived there,
UNK: moved out four years ago, in a hurry.
UNK: Why?
Castle : I don't know, but I think it's time we found out.
Beckett : Knock yourself out, Castle.
Castle : You're not coming? No, I've got a murder to solve.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I'll go.