UNK: Ooh.
Castle : That's a look. Yeah.
Castle : I get these a lot. Just start walking. Faster.
UNK: GROANS
Esposito : Yo, I just saw Ryan downstairs.
Esposito : I can't believe you let him go chasing ghosts with Castle.
Beckett : Yeah. Maybe Shaggy'll keep Scooby out of trouble.
Beckett : Besides, you never know.
Beckett : Maybe they'll come up with something useful.
Esposito : Oh! You want useful?
Esposito : 'Cause I just spoke to CSU. They found fingerprints at the scene.
Esposito : From a real live person, so...
UNK: His name is Ron Berger. He lives in Queens.
Esposito : They're picking him up now. Does he have a record?
UNK: Yeah. Chuckles did eight years for armed robbery, with a knife.
Esposito : He's also dabbled in B and E,
Esposito : which makes breaking into a locked house no problem for this guy.
Beckett : When did he get out of prison?
Esposito : Five weeks ago.
UNK: Oh... Finally, a lead that makes sense.
Esposito : Oh, it gets better. Ron has a history with our vic.
UNK: Ghost Wranglersdid a piece on Five Points Correctional,
Esposito : and Ron was featured.
Esposito : Claims he was sharing his cell with a spirit.
Beckett : Well, that's prison overcrowding for you.
Esposito : Apparently Casper was being a little too friendly.
Esposito : Touching Ron in all the wrong places.
Beckett : Molested by a ghost? Wow Hmm..
Beckett : Some people will do anything to get on TV.
Esposito : Except it backfired on him.
UNK: Ron became the laughing stock of the prison yard.
Esposito : He got all pissed off and he wrote the show a letter.
BECKETT : "I'm gonna make Jack Sinclair bleed for what he did to me."
UNK: Ron Berger : I wrote that letter, yeah.
UNK: But that was as far as it went. I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Where were you last night at 9 : 00 p.m.?
Ron : I was at home, watching cartoons.
UNK: Hmm.
Ron : You can ask my mom.
Esposito : Well, we have a problem, Ron.
Esposito : 'Cause we found your fingerprints inside the McClaren house.
Ron : I can explain that.
Esposito : I'm waiting.
Ron : I can't violate my parole.
Ron : I can't go back to Five Points.
Ron : Not in that cell. Not with that thing.
Beckett : You're worried about your ghost?
Beckett : Ron, you're looking at murder. You've got a flimsy alibi.
Beckett : Your fingerprints are all over the crime scene.
Beckett : You had means, motive and opportunity.
Ron : All right, all right.
UNK: I was there. But just not last night. About a month ago.
Ron : I was there because of Jack.
Ron : He called me after I got out.
Beckett : Jack Sinclair called you? After you threatened him?
Ron : To apologize for the prison show thing.
UNK: And he had a request.
Castle : What kind of a request?
Ron : It was a strange one.
Ron : He wanted me to take picture inside the McClaren house.
Esposito : Why you? It was locked up,
UNK: so I had to break in.
Beckett : Did he give you any reason for asking for those pictures?
UNK: Well, we're gonna need to see the photos.
Esposito : So, Tech analyzed the SD card. Time-date stamp was not messed with.
Beckett : So, then, Ron was telling the truth?
Esposito : Well, about the photos.
Esposito : I'm still not buying the whole "touched by a phantom" routine.
Beckett : I wonder what Jack wanted with all these photos.
UNK: You know, all the pictures are of just one room.
Beckett : The living room. That's the same room as the crime scene.
Esposito : So Jack hired Ron Berger to
Esposito : take pictures of the very room he was gonna die in.
Espoito : That's creepy.
Beckett : That's not creepy, Castle. I'm sure it can all be explained.
UNK: And I bet you that living room has absolutely nothing to do
Beckett : with ghosts or demons.
Beckett : The living room. Definitely.
UNK: Margaret Boyer : That was the epicenter of the activity.
UNK: Ms. Boyer, when you say "activity"?