Castle : Good for you, sweetheart. Have a good time.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. I'll be back by midnight.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: Bye.
Castle : Wow! Did you see that outfit? Should I be worried?
UNK: Ashley is the one who should be worried.
Martha : Trust me, if he could see how she looked going out now,
Martha : he wouldn't be so quick to leave her hanging.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
Martha : Oh, isn't this funny. It's Ashley.
UNK: Decline. CHUCKLES
Martha : It's almost as if he was listening in to our conversation.
Martha : Listening in.
Castle : The architect for the McClaren house.
Castle : He's from Scotland.
Martha : Is that important?
Castle : It's the key.
UNK: Two words : Laird's lug.
Castle : Laird's lug?
UNK: Literally "Lord's ear," it refers to
UNK: the hidden alcove above a dining hall
UNK: in many Scottish castles.
Castle : The host could use it to eavesdrop on his guests.
Beckett : I think I've either had too much wine, or not enough.
Castle : Seamus McClaren, builder of the McClaren house,
Castle : grew up right next to Edinburgh Castle,
Castle : notable for its Laird's lug.
Castle : The concept so tickled him
Castle : he put modern versions of it into several of his houses.
Beckett : So, you're saying that the McClaren house has a hidden alcove?
Castle : It explains everything!
Castle : How come the killings only happen in that one room?
UNK: How does the killer seemingly appear and disappear at will?
Castle : Answers that have thus far remained elusive.
Castle : Speaking of which, how did your canvassing go?
UNK: I came up empty.
Beckett : There's absolutely no evidence that Matt Benton was ever at the Fairwyck.
Castle : Maybe the evidence of his return will be in that alcove.
Castle : It's worth a shot.
Beckett : We'll go first thing in the morning, see what we come up with.
UNK: You want to go now?
Castle : Well, unless, of course, you're afraid.
Beckett : Yeah, right. No, I get it.
Castle : I mean, it is a haunted house.
Beckett : I'm not scared, Castle.
UNK: No, no. You're right, you're right.
Castle : I mean, the demon has tasted fresh blood,
UNK: it's thirst may not be slake with just one victim.
UNK: Okay, come on.
UNK: Listen, if you're not scared,
Castle : just say it.
UNK: No.
UNK: Come on. You know you want to.
UNK: I don't wanna say it, Castle.
Castle : For me. Please?
Castle : Thank you.
BECKETT : I don't know, Castle.
Beckett : There have been a lot of murder investigations in here over the years.
Beckett : And I think
Beckett : they would have found a secret room, if there actually was one.
Castle : Not if it was hidden well enough.
UNK: You know, you're gonna regret it, if we actually find this room.
Castle : Why is that?
Beckett : Because then you're gonna have to admit
Beckett : that there is no demon behind all of this.
UNK: And it's nothing more than a boring old psycho-killer hiding in a room.
UNK: Well, unless it's a psycho-killer possessed by a demon.
Beckett : Why are you so determined to find the supernatural in all of this?
Beckett : Why are you so determined not to?
Beckett : You know what,
Beckett : I am just following the evidence, wherever it may lead.
Beckett : And as a cop, I'm going to consider every possible worldly explanation.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : And what if there is none?
Beckett : Well, then I'm open to the alternative.
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: You?
Castle : Skepticus Maximus?
Beckett : You know what, just because I don't talk about it nonstop,
Beckett : doesn't mean I don't believe
Beckett : in another plane.
Beckett : I've actually had my own experiences.
Castle : Get out. Like what?
Beckett : When I was a little girl, my parents rented a cabin by a lake.
Beckett : And one night, I had to go to the bathroom...
Beckett : You know what, you're just gonna think I'm crazy.
Jack : No, no, no, no! Go ahead. Tell me.
Beckett : And on the way there
Beckett : I heard this voice whispering,
UNK: WHISPERING "Kate. Kate."
Beckett : It was coming from this room that the owners had locked up,
Beckett : and told my parents never to go in it.
UNK: Except that night, there is this weird glow underneath the door.
UNK: And then I heard t he voice again. "Kate."
Beckett : And so I walked up to the door.
Beckett : And this time it wasn't locked.
UNK: SOFTLY And I turned the doorknob.
Beckett : And I opened it up and then I saw it...
Castle : What was it? What did you see?
UNK: LAUGHS SARCASTICALLY
Castle : Very funny. LAUGHS
Castle : Yes, you got me.
Beckett : How long have you known me, Castle?
Beckett : Of course I don't believe in ghosts.
Castle : What was that?
Beckett : Well, that's odd.
Castle : No, that's more than just odd.
Castle : This is the same sequence of events
Castle : that preceded Jack Sinclair's murder.
UNK: Except Jack only had an EMF meter. I've got a gun.
Beckett : And a flashlight.
Castle : With dead batteries.
Beckett : I could swear I just put in new ones.
Beckett : I know I saw some matches by one of these candles here.
Beckett : Wow, Castle, mature.
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Yeah. Here we go.
UNK: WHOOSHING
UNK: Castle...
Castle : That was not me.
Beckett : Okay, so maybe there's a draft here.
UNK: Right?
UNK: Wait, I think I feel it right here. Give me a boost.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Ready? Yep.
Beckett : Oh, God, Castle!
CASTLE : GRUNTS This is easy.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Castle, come on, just hold still. Jeez!
UNK: CLATTERING
UNK: That's the noise on theta right before Jack Sinclair was killed.
UNK: Okay. I'm gonna go up. Ready? Grab my legs.
UNK: GASPS Castle, I said legs, okay?
UNK: Oh! Legs, sorry.
Lanie : Not as sorry as I was.
Lanie : I'm around dead people all day,
Lanie : when I get home I want a live one.
Esposito : I was tired.
UNK: LAUGHING
Jenny : I can't believe we waited so long to do this, babe.
Ryan : Yeah, yeah, it really did turn out to be a perfect night.
Ryan : I would like to propose a toast.
Ryan : I know that it's kind of corny,
Ryan : but it's me, so, well, there we go.
Ryan : To best friends. Now, and forever.