ESPOSITO : Well, the manager gave me his credit card info.
Esposito : So, if we're lucky he's out there using it.
UNK: All right. I'm gonna start scrubbing this footage from inside the house.
UNK: Maybe there's something ther that can implicate this guy.
UNK: All right. Hey, we're still on for dinner tomorrow night, right?
Ryan : Yeah, Jenny's totally psyched.
Ryan : She's never really hung ou with Lanie before. So, cool.
Esposito : Well, just to let you know, Lanie's gonna be getting off a double shift,
Esposito : so she could be a little cranky.
UNK: Oh...
Ryan : Maybe we should reschedule.
Ryan : I mean, isn't the whole point for Jenny and Lanie to get along?
Esposito : Nah, she'll be cool. Just, you know,
Esposito : don't say anything controversial.
Ryan : Like what? What's controversial?
UNK: Bingo!
Ryan : Bingo? Don't talk about bingo?
Esposito : Barry Bavetta's been busy. And so is his lap.
Esposito : Dude has racked up a hell of a tab
Esposito : at a strip club by the airport.
Esposito : First charge, an hour after the murder.
Beckett : Sorry to interrupt your fun, Barry.
Castle : We heard you were racking up quite a bill.
Castle : Or is that billing quite a rack?
UNK: Barry Bavetta : So, what, getting a lap dance is illegal now?
UNK: Barry Bavetta : Look, I was just blowing off some steam.
UNK: I haven't had the best day.
Beckett : Yeah, so we heard.
Beckett : Your producer said that you and Jack Sinclair had a falling out today.
Barry : So this is about Jack?
Barry : Yeah, we got into it.
Barry : Wasn't the first fight we ever had,
Barry : but I made sure it'll be the last.
Castle : Why don't you tell us what happened, Barry.
Barry : Jack screwed me ov er is what happened.
Barry : Told me last minute I wasn't going with him on lockdown tonight.
Beckett : Any reason?
UNK: The only one he ga ve was he's the boss.
Barry : But it's 'cause he's jealous.
UNK: Worried I'm gonna walk off with all the credit.
Castle : Why is that?
Barry : Because the episode we're doing tonight?
Steve : The McClaren house? It was my idea.
Barry : I did all the research. Jack didn't even want to do the damn show.
Castle : Why wouldn't Jack want to do a show
Castle : about a haunted mansion in New York?
Castle : That sounds like ratings gold.
Barry : Jack's weird about New York.
Barry : He was brought up here, but he's got some strange aversion to coming back.
Barry : He tried to torpedo the whole thing.
Barry : Said he wouldn't be caught dead in that house.
Castle : And you decided to prove him wrong.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Jack Sinclair was killed in the McClaren house tonight.
UNK: Killed?
Beckett : Barry, why didn't you give your keys back to the owner?
UNK: Uh... STUTTERS I was upset I forgot! Is he really dead?
Castle : You were the one who set up the cameras, right?
Beckett : Yeah. So?
Beckett : So you knew exactly where they were placed
Beckett : and how to avoid them when you snuck back in the house.
Beckett : You even knew how to program them to turn off at a certain point.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, I did not kill Jack.
Barry : I wasn't even there.
Barry : I got stuck in the security line and missed my flight to LA.
Barry : I went to the strip club right after that.
Barry : You can check that.
UNK: So TSA has Barry going through security at 9 : 15 at JFK.
UNK: There is no way that he was in the house at the time of the murder.
Esposito : Plus, Tech checked out those cameras.
Esposito : They weren't programed to turn off.
UNK: The only thing Barry's guilty of killing is time at that strip club.
Castle : So, if Barry's not our guy,
UNK: I think it's time we revisit the possibility that our killer's...
UNK: If you say "ghost," I'm sending you home.
UNK: Apparition American.
Castle : Have you figured out another way to explain the blood spatter?
Beckett : No, I haven't, but I will.
Beckett : Apparently, Jack Sinclair was very upset
Beckett : when he arrived in the taxicab tonight.
Beckett : Let's find out where that cab picked him up and what he was doing there.
Esposito : Roger that.
Beckett : You'll see, Castle.
UNK: This'll turn out just like every other murder investigation.
Beckett : Once we find out more about our victim's life,
Beckett : the details surrounding his death,
UNK: everything will be explained.
Ryan : Maybe not everything.
Ryan : I was reviewing the footage shot inside the house tonight,
UNK: looking for signs that someone else was there,
Ryan : a shadow, a reflection, something.
Ryan : Instead, I found...
Ryan : Well, you better see for yourself.
Ryan : So I slowed down the video.
Ryan : Watch the tripod in the background.
Ryan : There, you see it?
UNK: Well, I'm sure there's a perfectly simple explanation for all of that.
CASTLE : There is.
Castle : They're here!