Esposito : we decided that we're gonna cool things off.
Ryan : What do you mean? Split up? Yeah,
Esposito : just until we both figure out what we want.
Ryan : Man. I'm so sorry.
UNK: But anyway...
Ryan : Look, brother, if you need me for anything,
UNK: you know I'm always here... What?
Esposito : Well, it may be nothing, but this light bulb
UNK: is brand new.
PETE : Are you kidding me?
Pete : Detective, this is bordering on harassment.
Pete : I told you everything I know about my brother.
Ryan : Not everything.
Beckett : You were engaged once, weren't you, Mr. Benton?
CASTLE : To a Melanie Wendell.
Castle : Until Melanie broke it off and married your brother instead.
Pete : Things didn't work out for us.
Pete : I didn't expect Melanie to stay single forever.
Castle : But you never married.
Castle : Because you never got over her, did you?
Beckett : Who really sent those postcards, Pete? Did you send them yourself?
UNK: What the hell are you talking about?
UNK: Pete Benton : My brother sent me those postcards.
Beckett : You and I both know that's not possible.
Beckett : Your brother has been dead for 20 years.
UNK: What?
Beckett : We found his remains in the McClaren house.
Beckett : It's over.
Beckett : You think I killed my brother?
Beckett : You think I killed Melanie?
Castle : Where were you that night, Pete?
Beckett : I'll tell you exactly where I was.
UNK: I went to dinner with my friend Marie.
UNK: 7 : 30, Cafe Jouer.
UNK: We were out by 9 : 00,
UNK: we stopped at Dorian's for a drink.
UNK: I had a seven and seven.
UNK: Our server was Patrick.
Pete : When something like that happens, it's burned into your brain.
Pete : Every detail of what happened the night you heard.
Pete : I couldn't forget it if I tried.
UNK: We're gonna have to verify your story, Pete.
UNK: So my brother didn't kill Melanie?
Castle : We don't think so.
UNK: I've always assumed that he did.
Pete : Matt had a terrible temper.
Pete : He was convinced Melanie was cheating on him.
Beckett : Was she?
Pete : Wouldn't surprise me if she was.
Pete : Matt thought it was somebody at work.
Ryan : It wasn't someone Melanie worked with.
Ryan : I just tracked down George Banner,
Ryan : Melanie's manager at Fly-Wide Travel from 20 years ago.
Ryan : He said Melanie had two co-workers.
Ryan : Both guys. Uh-huh.
UNK: Married. Still.
Ryan : To each other. Oh.
Beckett : Well, Fly-Wide was in a high-rise in Midtown.
Beckett : So, maybe it was someone else in the building.
Beckett : Let's get a list of all the tenants that
Beckett : were there when Melanie worked there.
Esposito : I'm not sure that's necessary.
Esposito : Remember the light bulb I took from that secret room?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Well, I traced the serial number.
UNK: It belongs to a lot that was sold by the manufacturer
Esposito : directly to Fuller Estate Management.
Beckett : As in Steve Fuller?
ESPOSITO : Owner of the McClaren mansion.
Ryan : That means that Fuller knew about that room and didn't tell us.
Castle : There's only one reason
Castle : why he wouldn't tell us,
Castle : because he's the killer.
Castle : Maybe Matt Benton was right about Melanie having an affair,
Castle : only wrong about who she was having the affair with.
UNK: And when things went bad, he killed her,
Esposito : killed Matt and stashed his body in his own house
Esposito : where he knew no one would find it.
Castle : And he planned on destroying the evidence.
Castle : He wanted to have the house torn down right after those murders.
Castle : But it was declared a landmark.
Ryan : So he used that passageway to scare off tenants like the Boyers,
Ryan : growing the mansion's legend so that no one would wanna live there.
CASTLE : And then when Jack Sinclair came sniffing around
Castle : he had to kill him, to You guys!o.
Beckett : Great story. DA will never buy it.
Beckett : It's all circumstantial.
Esposito : She's right.
Esposito : Anyone could have put that bulb in there. We have no proof.
Castle : But we will.
Castle : And I think I know just how to get Mr. Fuller to give up the ghost.
CASTLE : Think he'll show?
BECKETT : I don't know.
Castle : You told him about tomorrow, right?
Beckett : Yes, Castle, he thinks we're going
Beckett : through that wall in the morning.
Beckett : So if Fuller's our guy,
Beckett : he should be coming for Matt Benton's body tonight.
Beckett : If he's our guy.
Castle : I mean, he might not be our guy.
UNK: And yet there he is.
Castle : Of course, he might just be here to fix a busted toilet.
Castle : Need a hand with that, Fuller?
Beckett : Detective Smith?
Castle : Detective Beckett.