Margaret : We didn't buy it either.
Margaret : We had heard all about the McClaren house, its history.
Margaret : We laughed about it.
UNK: Harry Boyer : At first, everything was fine.
UNK: MS. BOYER : Then it started. Lights going off.
Margaret : Strange noises. Doors slamming.
Castle : Did anything violent ever happen?
Harry : One night, we heard noises from the living room.
Harry : We went downstairs,
Harry : found the whole room trashed.
Margaret : Tables flipped over,
Margaret : books ripped apart, pictures smashed.
Castle : Oh, my God, that's terrible.
Castle : Is that when you decided to move out?
UNK: MR. BOYER : Not without a fight.
Harry : We found this woman. This ghost hunter.
Margaret : Said she was the best.
Margaret : Said all other ghost hunte came to her for help.
Margaret : But she took one look and told us to run like hell.
UNK: MR. BOYER : Yeah, what was her name?
Harry : Um... Mercy.
Harry : That's right.
Harry : Mercy LaGrande.
UNK: "Mercy, I can see it" Mercy?
Ryan : Maybe Jack Sinclair wasn't begging for mercy when he died.
Castle : He was saying her name.
Harry : Mercy LaGrande, real name Mercedes King,
Beckett : runs an unlicensed business doing paranormal consultations.
Esposito : There's a reason w hy she's unlicensed.
Esposito : Check out this rap sheet.
Esposito : We've got ID theft,
Esposito : fraud, check fraud and impersonating a religious official.
Beckett : Look at where her business is located. 38th and 9th.
Esposito : It's on the same block our vic caught that cab.
Castle : So Jack paid Mercy a visit,
Castle : and then goes to the McClaren house, upset.
Ryan : Hours later, he says Mercy's name right before he dies.
Beckett : So the question is, how is she involved in all of this?
UNK: Well, you know, Ryan and I would be glad to go check this out,
Castle : if you guys are too busy solving that murder.
Mercy : I did what I could to help him, but I'd say it wasn't enough.
Castle : Why did Jack Sinclair come to see you?
Mercy : I've been in the McClaren house.
Mercy : He was going to face whatever's in there,
Mercy : and he wanted my advice.
Beckett : Which you gave him. For a fee.
Mercy : I'm not a charlatan, Detective.
Mercy : Someone with Jack Sinclair's experience
Mercy : wouldn't be seeking my counsel if I was. Please.
UNK: If he was that good, why would he seek your help?
Mercy : This was not like any other house to him.
Mercy : When he took the assignment,
Mercy : the dreams started.
Mercy : Just glimpses at first.
Mercy : Bits and pieces of a room.
Mercy : But then, the dreams became nightmares.
UNK: Figures.
UNK: Bodies.
UNK: Whose bodies?
Mercy : He didn't know.
UNK: But the more we talked, the more it became clear to me.
Mercy : These weren't dreams.
Beckett : Well, what were they?
UNK: Memories. He witnessed great evil.
Mercy : Repressed it all these years.
Mercy : But the memories were too strong. They were coming back.
Beckett : And what was he remembering exactly?
Mercy : A woman. A lot of blood. A man with a knife.
Castle : Who was the man?
Mercy : He said the face was blurred, but getting clearer.
Mercy : I told him
Mercy : if he returned to the room where it happened,
Mercy : it might all come back to him.
UNK: "Mercy, I can see it." That's the murderer's face.
Beckett : Jack recovered the memory just before he was killed.
Castle : The last murder in that house was 20 years ago.
Castle : I read about the case.
Castle : There were no witnesses.
Mercy : There was one.
Mercy : Jack Sinclair was there.
Castle : The night that woman died,
Mercy : he was there.
ESPOSITO : Pictures aren't pretty.
Castle : Melanie Benton, sliced up in the McClaren house
Esposito : on the night of April 20, 1991.
Esposito : One guess where she was found.
Beckett : The living room.
ESPOSITO : Give that man a prize.
Castle : So 1991, Jack Sinclair was what, 11?
Castle : Still living in the neighborhood.
Castle : I'm betting this is the murder he witnessed.
UNK: Yeah, but, how did he witnes the murder without the killer knowing?
Ryan : I did some digging.
Ryan : Jack had a paper route, and the McClaren house was on it.
CASTLE : Okay, so, Jack shows up, maybe to collect money.