Cuddy : There's blood in my urine.
Cuddy : You really don't have to be here.
House : You're my girlfriend. I'm being supportive.
Cuddy : I'm mainly talking about them.
House : Well, given that there's almost
House : certainly nothing wrong with you,
House : and my patient definitely has something wrong with him...
Cuddy : That can't wait an hour?
UNK: Afraid not. He's...
UNK: Chase?
UNK: Sixteen-year-old male spit up blood
Chase : during a pick-up basketball game.
Chase : ER couldn't find the source in his lungs or GI tract.
House : See? Serious.
Masters : Could be vasculitis, bronchiectasis, inhaled particles.
Taub : What about angiodysplasia?
Urologist : Ready when you are.
UNK: Get them out of here.
Cuddy : My urethra is not for public entertainment.
House : But it is good-time adjacent.
House : Feed the kid a camera, check his gut for angiodysplasia.
Urologist : All right, scoot up here.
House : I'm missing a watch. If you could keep your eyes open while...
Cuddy : Okay. You, too.
Taub : This little camera
Taub : transmits images to the data recorder
Taub : so we can see if you've got any
Taub : vascular malformations in your GI tract.
Taub : Your records show you've lost some weight over the past year.
Taub : Was that intentional? Not really.
Todd : Well, he's been eating less since he quit the swim team.
Ryan : You have to get up early for swim.
Ryan : It wasn't fun anymore.
Taub : I need to talk to your son about sexual activity.
Taub : Generally, it's less embarrassing for everyone...
Kay : We're leaving.
UNK: Actually, I've only ever...
Taub : How long have you been cutting yourself?
Ryan : Those are from a layback grind that went wrong.
Ryan : Came off my skateboard, straight into a fence.
Taub : So, no to cutting but yes to appetite and sleep changes,
Taub : and you quit something you used to enjoy.
Taub : How long have you been depressed?
Taub : Imaging showed no sign of upper GI issues,
Taub : but the kid did admit to being depressed
Taub : and to smoking pot to take the edge off.
House : You are very pleased with yourself, aren't you?
Taub : His marijuana could be laced with formaldehyde or lead,
Taub : which could cause a pulmonary hemorrhage,
Taub : which could make him spit up blood.
Taub : Yes. Yes, I am. It was a good catch.
House : Run a lead level and push five liters IV fluid.
Taub : Feel free to tip your other server.
House : Cystoscopy was clean,
House : cytopathology was normal...
Cuddy : Why do you have my lab results?
House : I don't. If I did, I'd know you were fine.
Cuddy : Unless the blood came from my kidneys.
House : Come on.
House : Your hypochondriac mom had a brush with mortality last month.
House : It's understandable that you're worrying more than usual.
House : Worrying that you might turn into her.
Cuddy : You're right.
Cuddy : Odds are this is nothing.
UNK: Meet me in the cafeteria in 10.
House : There'll be a corn dog with your name on it.
House : I mean an actual corn dog. They fixed the deep fryer.
Cuddy : I need to schedule an ultrasound.
UNK: My dad's head is still in one piece,
Ryan : so I'm guessing you didn't mention the pot.
UNK: What'd you tell them? The truth.
Taub : You had a minor chemical exposure
Taub : and we can't be 100% sure how it happened.
Ryan : Thanks for covering.
Taub : I know what it's like to be 16.
Ryan : You also know what it's like to be depressed.
Ryan : You figured out my deal after only a few minutes.
UNK: I've been fooling my friends and parents for months.
Taub : It's my job to notice things.
Taub : Maybe talking to your parents would make things better.
Ryan : I've tried.
Ryan : They take it personally that I'm not happy,
Ryan : and then I end up having to make them feel better.
Ryan : They don't get me.
Ryan : No one does.
Taub : In med school, it seemed like everybody else could handle the pressure.
Taub : I couldn't.
Taub : I ended up hurting myself.
Taub : Stupidest thing I've ever done.
Taub : You've got red spots in your eyes. They weren't there before.