Rachel : I just remembered, we do have something to eat.
Rachel : Monica put something in our oven this morning.
Monica : You touch that, and you will be sorry!
Chandler : Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it!
Rachel : Oh, my God, it's Brussels sprouts!
Ross : That's worse than no food.
Chandler : All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts.
UNK: Stinky?
Chandler : Please let me stay on this side of the door.
Phoebe : Oh, I know! I still have my old key.
Rachel : We can just unlock the door.
UNK: I don't know if that's a good idea. They don't wanna be with us.
UNK: I don't wanna be with them either...
Rachel : ...but it's Thanksgiving, and we should not want to be together together.
UNK: If I could just get in there, make a face-to-face apology...
Joey : ...look them in the eye, I could get them to forgive us.
Joey : - I don't know. - I'm telling you...
Joey : ...I can do it.
Ross : Yeah, he can do it.
UNK: It all looks so beautifuI.
UNK: - The turkey, the stuffing. - The cranberries.
UNK: Enough! A monkey could've made them.
Joey : Hey, listen, guys, we feeI really terrible.
UNK: He's doing that weird eye-contact thing.
Chandler : Don't look at him. Don't look at him.
Joey : Come on, you guys. We want you to know we're very, very sorry.
Joey : Right, guys?
UNK: - I feeI terrible. - Oh, so sorry.
UNK: But let's not ruin this day. You've worked so hard.
Joey : Let's move past this and try to have a nice meaI all together, huh?
Chandler : The floating heads do make a good point.
UNK: Yeah, they do seem to feeI pretty bad.
Rachel : - So bad. - So bad.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay, you two go get the dessert, and I'll let you in.
UNK: Dessert?
Monica : Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right?
UNK: Pies. Oh, we thought you said "prize. "
UNK: Here.
UNK: - "Grand Supreme Little Darling"? - Congratulations!
Monica : Oh, my God, you forgot the pies? Well, I cannot believe this.
UNK: You forced me to make dinner, you're an hour late...
Monica : ...and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
UNK: Really, girls, not cooI.
Chandler : Well, you man-heads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game.
Chandler : You knew it'd make you late, and you went anyway.
Joey : Hey, I'm getting a little tired of this. We said we're sorry.
Joey : It's Thanksgiving, for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness.
UNK: - It's a day to be thankfuI. - Don't make me come up there!
Monica : It's too late for apologies.
Joey : Fine, let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner.
Chandler : That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
UNK: - Oh, is that what that is? - Sorry.
Ross : Come on, you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving.
Rachel : - Yeah, I'll cook. - Yeah, let's go out.
Joey : Yeah, you three have a nice Thanksgiving.
Monica : - The three of us? - Yeah. You, Chan and the vein.
Joey : - I'm stuck. - Joey, that is not gonna work.
Joey : No, seriously.
Joey : - I'm really wedged in here. - I'll pull you through.
UNK: Okay.
Joey : Stop, stop, I'm worried about damaging my head.
UNK: It's a little late for that.
Joey : Hurry up, you gotta do something.
UNK: All right, well, this does not change anything.
Monica : We need to get something to grease his face.
UNK: - We got turkey grease. - Bring it.
UNK: I just want to say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a separate person.
Monica : Here you go.
Joey : Oh, that smells good.
Monica : - Okay? - Okay, try it.