Phoebe : So the baby is totally craving meat.
UNK: I tried tricking it, and I made it a soy burger, so that maybe it'd think it was getting meat.
Phoebe : And I got nauseous.
UNK: Maybe that's because soy burgers suck.
UNK: But I'm no obstetrician...
UNK: Being pregnant is hard on your tummy.
Joey : At least you got that cool, pregnant-lady glow.
UNK: That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: -Here's that trench coat that you wanted. -Great.
UNK: It's comfortable.
UNK: You could really flash somebody in this.
UNK: No. They don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Joshua : Why not?
UNK: Well, because...
UNK: ...we get a lot of
Joshua : They ruin it for everybody.
Phoebe : I know.
UNK: I wore that sweater on a date last night.
UNK: It was the first date since the divorce.
UNK: Congratulations. So do you love her?
UNK: She's nice, but it made me realize...
UNK: ...I'm just not ready to be dating.
UNK: That's interesting.
Joshua : -What was that? -Just an anti-theft device.
UNK: Then what's this?
UNK: You need that too, because a thief could just tear this up.
UNK: We have to have a party in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
UNK: What's going on?
Rachel : We have to have a bon-voyage party for Emily.
UNK: But it's actually for Joshua.
UNK: That sucks. Nobody's ever thrown me a bon-voyage-Emily party.
UNK: He said he's not ready to date.
Rachel : So I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work.
UNK: And now I have created the perfect opportunity to seduce him.
UNK: As much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him...
UNK: ...Emily and I won't be here. She's gonna come by to say goodbye...
UNK: ...and then I've got a special evening planned. Sorry. No party.
UNK: -Hello? -Surprise!
UNK: Surprise!
UNK: No one's thrown me a surprise party before.
UNK: Well, it was all Ross' idea.
UNK: You're so sweet.
UNK: And I'm so surprised.
UNK: You didn't know?
UNK: Why are you over here if Joshua's over there?
UNK: I'm trying to play hard-to-get.
UNK: Quick! He's looking. Say something funny.
Chandler : Like what?