Rachel : Okay, my turn.
Emily : Look at that!
Ross : Oh, my God.
Phoebe : The baby just kicked!
UNK: It's okay. It's okay. If it kicked once, it'll kick again!
Rachel : Everybody just remember where they were sitting.
UNK: It was a bug.
UNK: It doesn't matter how much I'm craving it.
UNK: You know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's cold-blooded murder.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: There's a Phoebe on my sandwich!
Joey : What are you doing?
UNK: I can't help it!
Phoebe : I need the meat! The baby needs the meat.
UNK: You know when you're dating someone...
UNK: ...and you don't want to cheat unless it's with someone really hot?
UNK: Totally.
Joey : This is the same kind of deal.
UNK: If you're gonna do something wrong...
Joey : ...do it right.
UNK: -I'll be back in a minute. -Okay.
UNK: What are you doing to me?
UNK: I'm trying to get Emily out of here, and you keep talking to her...
UNK: ...being all interesting and making her laugh.
UNK: I don't want you to be funny anymore.
UNK: Rachel wants me to be funny, you don't want me to be funny.
UNK: From now on, I'm gonna be funny sometimes, and not funny others.
UNK: You feel better now?
Phoebe : Yeah, but at what cost?
Phoebe : Six more months, three meals a day.
UNK: I am going to eat, like, you know, millions of cows.
UNK: Mommy cows, daddy cows, baby cows
UNK: No. No, I will never eat baby cows. No veal!
UNK: Oh, but veal.
UNK: What if I even things out for you, meat-wise?
UNK: -What? -I eat a lot of meat, right?
UNK: But suppose, until the baby's born, I laid off it.
Joey : No extra animals would die. You'd be eating my animals.
UNK: I can't believe you'd do that for me.
UNK: Absolutely. I could be a vegetarian.
UNK: There's no meat in beer, right?
UNK: We can still make dinner if we skip the appetizers and ask for our check right away.
UNK: We can't go now. Rachel is going to put on a skit.
Ross : Oh, my God! Have you lost your mind?
Rachel : I am finally thinking clearly.
UNK: My lucky dress wasn't working out too well for me.
Rachel : But for four years, this baby never missed.
UNK: Wait, I can't let
UNK: Actually, I want to see what happens.
Joshua : Nice costume.
Rachel : Well, I wanted to give Emily a big American goodbye cheer.