Castle : Surrounded by skeptics.
Esposito : It's called being a cop, bro.
Alexis : Oh, great and powerful spirits,
Alexis : tell us, should Gram break up with Chet Palaburn?
Martha : This thing must be broken.
Martha : Well, luckily, I don't need the spirits to tell me
Martha : when it's time to say goodbye.
Martha : Goodbye, my love.
Alexis : What if you're being too hasty?
Alexis : - Relationships take work, right? - No, no, no.
Martha : Love is not about work.
Martha : Trust me, it's about passion, it's about chemistry, romance.
Castle : It's about your heart pounding faster because you can't wait to see her.
Alexis : Can either of you look back on a relationship that ended
Alexis : because the thrill was gone
Alexis : and admit that maybe you gave up on love too soon?
Alexis : Dad, you're back with your ex-wife.
Castle : Ooh! No, she's right.
UNK: Yeah, with Gina, the thrill was long, long gone,
UNK: but now, it is back with a vengeance.
Castle : Of course, it brought along its friends, high-maintenance and shopaholic.
UNK: No, I'm sorry, honey.
UNK: I'm sorry, but it's just... It's over. I know it.
Castle : Hey. Any news on the dirty dozen?
Ryan : Well, most are still in prison.
Ryan : But we're thinking this line of investigation
UNK: may not get us anywhere.
Castle : Why not?
Ryan : I called around to a couple of lead detectives,
Ryan : just to check out the level of Vivien's involvement,
Ryan : and they say they've never even heard of her.
Beckett : She exaggerated her involvement in these cases
Beckett : in order to build her reputation back up.
Castle : Or, maybe, the cops didn't want to admit
UNK: that they had a psychic actually helping them.
Castle : I mean, what police detective
Castle : would willingly acknowledge that a layperson
Castle : is as talented at solving crimes as she is?
Beckett : Vivien Marchand is not a psychic.
UNK: I'd bet my badge on it.
Esposito : Don't throw those dice until you take a look at this.
UNK: "New York Homicide Division Detective Squad."
Castle : It's from Vivien Marchand.
Esposito : Yeah, it arrived this morning.
Esposito : Postmarked Monday, the day she died.
Castle : That is her letterhead.
Beckett : "To whom it may concern, I feel that my murder is imminent."
UNK: "And although I have no idea yet where or when this event will occur,
UNK: "I have had a vision of my death.
UNK: "In the vision, I could not breathe.
UNK: "I saw a man dressed in black, the number 7-5-1-8
UNK: "and I could hear a furious pounding from what seemed to be far away.
UNK: "I'm sorry I cannot be more specific."
UNK: The psychic predicted her own murder!
Beckett : Or the killer wrote this in order to throw us off.
Beckett : Run it. Maybe we'll get lucky with prints.
Ryan : - You think she really... No.
Ryan : Yeah, me neither.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. What do we got?
Lanie : We've got cause of death, blood loss and asphyxiation.
Lanie : And I'm officially putting the time of death
UNK: between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 p.m. on Monday evening.
Beckett : So that rules out Albert Moreno.
Beckett : What else?
Lanie : There were no scratches on the ice pick blade.
Lanie : It was brand new. Probably bought special just for the occasion.