Castle : So, Vivien helped put him away.
UNK: Mmm-mmm. He's her client.
Esposito : Vivien told Albert that if he invested
Esposito : in a New Jersey real estate deal,
Esposito : true happiness would be his.
Esposito : The deal fell through a month ago.
Esposito : He lost everything.
UNK: Ouch.
Castle : You give a guy like that bad advice,
Castle : he'll see to it you are sleeping with the fishes.
Beckett : Or you get stabbed in the neck with an ice pick
Beckett : and stuffed in a couch.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Albert Moreno is sure living large for a low-level mobster.
Beckett : Well, I guess mob money goes a little farther
UNK: when you don't pay taxes on it.
Castle : And yet, for Albert, not quite far enough.
UNK: Loreen Carter : Loreen Carter from Real Smart Real Estate.
UNK: Loreen Carter : This house is a Tuscan jewel
UNK: and is perfect for a young couple.
Beckett : We're here for Mr. Moreno.
UNK: Albert Moreno : Yes, I went to see her.
UNK: Albert Moreno : Three months ago, Vivien told me I should invest in some real estate deal.
UNK: She knew that I had
UNK: Albert Moreno : quit my day job.
UNK: Albert Moreno : I was looking to set myself up for retirement.
UNK: She told you that the investment would bring you true happiness,
Castle : but instead you lost it all.
Beckett : I was
UNK: upset.
Moreno : And then she canceled our last appointment
Moreno : and stopped returning my phone calls.
Beckett : And then you decided to pay her a visit.
UNK: Yesterday, around 2 : 00.
Moreno : I told her I'm on my way to meet my broker.
Moreno : I'm selling my home because I can't pay my mortgage no more.
Castle : And then what happened, Mr. Moreno? Did you get angry?
Beckett : Did things get physical?
UNK: No, but I was mad.
UNK: And when I'm mad, sometimes people get nervous.
UNK: She begged me to let the universe sort itself out.
UNK: Then she said she was late for an appointment uptown.
Beckett : Did she say with who?
UNK: No.
Moreno : By then I was late to meet my broker, so I left, about 2 : 30.
Moreno : And just like that...
Moreno : The universe, it sorted itself out.
Beckett : I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Moreno : Turns out my broker's partner is Loreen, here.
Moreno : My high school sweetheart.
Loreen : We broke up in '82, but we never got over each other.
Moreno : The minute I laid eyes on her again, I haven't left her side,
Moreno : and I've never been so happy.
UNK: So, Vivien was right.
Castle : Investing in the real estate deal brought you to bankruptcy,
Castle : which in turn brought you to Loreen and true happiness.
UNK: Extraordinary.
Castle : So, what do you think?
Beckett : Well, I think it's possible he might have killed Vivien
Beckett : before the universe righted itself.
Castle : Not about that. About them, Albert and Loreen.
UNK: Star-crossed lovers reunited by fate.
Beckett : You mean reunited by coincidence?
Castle : Oh, let me guess. You don't believe in fate.
Castle : Soul mates?
UNK: No.
Castle : Unicorns? Fairies? Double rainbows?
Castle : Didn't you ever think your dolls used to get up at night and play with your toys?
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Let me guess. You were one of those annoying six-year-olds
UNK: who stopped believing in Santa Claus because you figured out
Castle : he couldn't travel faster than the speed of light.
Beckett : I was three, and we didn't have a chimney.
UNK: How'd it go with Moreno?
Beckett : My gut says it's not him,
Beckett : but we still have to look into his alibi.
Castle : So you don't believe in fate, yet your gut has magical properties.
UNK: That's cool, Scully.
Ryan : We got calls out on most of Vivien's dirty dozen,
UNK: we should hear back tomorrow.
UNK: Meanwhile, we're going through her client files.
Ryan : Trips to the hall of records, Internet searches,
Ryan : even got a hold of some autopsy files. Pretty intimate stuff, too.
Beckett : You see, Castle? Research.
Beckett : That's how she made people believe that she has a gift.
Beckett : And I bet that she even looked into you eight years ago,
Beckett : when she went to that party.
Beckett : And I bet she looked up Paula Casillas, as well.
UNK: That's how she knew that her husband Emilio had a vitamin business.
Castle : Is that also how she knew that Albert Moreno
Castle : would find true love through bankruptcy?
Beckett : She got lucky.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Or maybe it's just that she couldn't get everything she needed
Castle : from her abilities alone
Castle : and needed to do a little extra digging.
Castle : I have a fantastic imagination,
Castle : yet I still do a ton of research when I write a book.