Martha : Oh! Hello!
UNK: Shouldn't you be in school already?
Alexis : School doesn't start for another hour.
Castle : Yeah, if you were hoping to do the walk of shame in private,
Castle : you're out of luck.
Martha : Don't be silly.
Martha : I just didn't realize how early it was.
Martha : I have been a bit distracted this morning.
UNK: Do you mean distracted,
Castle : or hypnotized by that giant rock on your finger?
UNK: Wow! Did Chet Palaburn propose?
Castle : Alexis, I think it's about time we start calling him Uncle Chet.
UNK: No, wait a minute. Wait a minute, you two.
UNK: I am not engaged, all right?
Martha : Yes, Chet did propose last night,
Martha : and I told him, you know, I needed time to think about it.
Martha : And he insisted I keep the ring while I make up my mind. So...
Castle : Smart man. Diamonds can be very persuasive.
UNK: I can hear it now whispering, "Keep me.
UNK: "Keep me."
Martha : Unfortunately, now that Chet has upped the ante, as they say,
Martha : I'm going to have to decide whether I'm in or I'm out.
Alexis : I thought you loved Chet.
Martha : Oh, I do love him, darling. I really do. I...
Martha : Well, you know, it's just that for me it's...
Castle : The thrill is gone?
Martha : Yes, and it's been gone for quite a while.
UNK: Although, this little fellow did bring it back for about 10 minutes.
Alexis : If he's not the one, then I guess you shouldn't marry him.
UNK: That's never stopped her before.
Alexis : And we miss having you here all the time. Don't we, Dad?
Alexis : - Dad? - Dad?
Martha : Saved by the bell.
UNK: Ah! It's Beckett. Castle.
Castle : Hey! Did I hear you right?
Castle : Our victim is Vivien Marchand, the psychic medium?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : You've heard of her?
Castle : Yeah! She was very popular in certain Manhattan circles.
UNK: As a matter of fact, she did a reading for me at a society party
Castle : about eight years ago.
Castle : It was pretty extraordinary.
UNK: Extraordinary?
Castle : She got everything right.
UNK: You know what? Come to think of it,
Castle : she told me that a beautiful woman would one day move into my loft,
Castle : and stay with me forever.
Castle : She neglected to mention it was my mother.
Castle : How did she die?
UNK: Stabbed in the back of the neck with an ice pick
UNK: Lanie Parish : and then stuffed into the sofa.
Castle : So, she didn't see that coming.
Beckett : When did she die?
Lanie : She's in full rigor.
Lanie : I'd say yesterday afternoon is the approximate time of death.
UNK: I got a maintenance worker, said he saw a man leaving the back door
UNK: Javier Esposito : of Vivien's office around 2 : 30 yesterday afternoon.
UNK: Description?
UNK: Tall, Caucasian and tough-looking.
UNK: All right, Ryan, check Vivien's calendar
Beckett : and let's interview her clients from yesterday.
Beckett : Maybe one of them saw the guy.
Ryan : What I don't get is why put her in the couch?
Lanie : She was alive when she went in.
Lanie : These scratches on her face indicate that she tried to move.
UNK: I'm gonna get her back to the lab.