UNK: Yes.
Marina : No. I mean, they don't have a liquor license yet, so you bring your own.
UNK: So, you brought your own bottle of wine with you, then?
Marina : No, Mother went out to the liquor store and brought us a bottle.
UNK: She was gone about 20 minutes.
Beckett : And what time was that?
UNK: 5 : 15, maybe. What's this all about?
Beckett : Paula, we went to the liquor store.
Beckett : You didn't buy that bottle of wine at 5 : 15.
Beckett : According to this receipt, you bought it at 3 : 12.
Beckett : And at the same time, you bought an ice pick.
Beckett : I don't understand.
Beckett : You bought that bottle of wine and then you put it aside.
UNK: And then at 5 : 15, you left the restaurant
Beckett : and went straight to Vivien's office and murdered her.
Castle : Then you went and you retrieved the bottle of wine.
Castle : You returned to the restaurant.
Castle : You had dinner with your daughter and your friends.
Marina : That's crazy. Mom, tell them.
Marina : Why would she do something like that?
Castle : To cover up another murder.
Castle : Your father's.
Beckett : Did you figure out that Emilio was cheating, or did he tell you?
Castle : He told me
Paula : that he had met someone.
Paula : That she was young and beautiful
Paula : and that I was just a boring, old lady.
Paula : I took some selenium from the factory,
UNK: and every morning I put a little bit in his coffee.
Marina : My God! Mom.
Paula : When you wanted to go see Vivien, I went along, to humor you.
Paula : But she knew things that she shouldn't have known.
UNK: And then when she told you that Emilio
Beckett : wanted to tell you something important...
UNK: And said she was going to spend the evening communing with his spirit...
UNK: The cheating son of a bitch was gonna tell on me.
UNK: After everything that he had done. I couldn't let that happen!
Paula : I had to kill her, to stop him!
Marina : Mother, stop talking!
Marina : We want a lawyer.
UNK: Paula Casillas has lawyered up.
Beckett : He's already trying to suppress her confession.
Castle : Will that work?
Beckett : You know, I doubt it, but Paula's done talking.
Castle : Did you ask her who wrote the letter?
Beckett : You know, I didn't get a chance. I guess it'll have to remain a mystery.
Castle : Actually, not quite.
Castle : Do you remember the last clue? The sound of knocking from far away.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: That would have been Nick Johnston.
Castle : He said he pounded on that door for quite some time
Castle : before he finally gave up and went away.
Castle : Vivien was already dead.
UNK: Yeah, but Paula could've still been in the office,
Beckett : waiting for him to leave.
Beckett : She would have heard the knocking, just like she saw the phone,
Beckett : just like she saw Albert Moreno, who was probably dressed in black,
Beckett : so she just put it into the letter to throw us off.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Only, according to your timeline on the murder board,
Castle : by the time Nick got to the office at 5 : 45,
Castle : Paula was back at the restaurant.
Castle : So the office was empty. Except, of course, for Vivien.
Castle : Oh, before I forget,
Castle : what did Penny say about Alexander?
Beckett : Nothing. Just some silly stuff that didn't really make any sense.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because my middle name is Alexander.
Beckett : I thought your middle name was Edgar.
Castle : Been perusing the personal section
Castle : of the Richard Castle website again, have we?
Castle : No, I changed my middle name to Edgar, for Edgar Allan Poe,
Castle : back when I changed my last name to Castle.
Castle : My given name is Richard Alexander Rodgers.
Castle : What a coincidence, huh?
Castle : Well, I think that was a lovely service.
Castle : And, if I may say, your speech was the best.
Martha : Well, thank you for writing it.
Martha : And I think, you know, between the two of us,
Martha : we managed to capture the essence of Chet.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: And, Boomer and Lotte, very, very gracious about taking the ring back,
Martha : and the whole...
Martha : Oh, God, I feel terrible.
Martha : You know,
Castle : you really have nothing to feel guilty about.
Martha : Oh, Richard, please.
UNK: No. If anything, by telling Chet
Castle : you wanted to think about getting engaged,
Castle : you gave him one more day of hope.
Martha : But now he knows.
Martha : He's up there, I assume, and he knows everything.
Martha : He knows he gave his heart to a woman who is shallow
Martha : and a little cowardly
UNK: and didn't really deserve him.
Castle : Move over.
Ryan : - What? - Come here.
UNK: - Oh, honey. I don't have the... - No, go on.
Castle : Now you can ask Chet anything you want to know.
Martha : Chet, darling, do you forgive me?
Castle : There. Yes. Now, you know.
Martha : Oh! You moved it.
Castle : Yes, I did.
Castle : And let me tell you something else.
Castle : Chet was nobody's fool.
Castle : He knew you, all of you.
Castle : And he loved you.
UNK: And I'm sure wherever he is now, he still does.
UNK: Come on. Get some sleep.
UNK: Richard.
Martha : Whatever mistakes I've made in my life,
Martha : I raised a good man.