UNK: She's got a notation in here for 3 : 00 p.m. yesterday. It just says, "T.J."
Beckett : And nothing else?
Ryan : Nope. Maybe T.J. was a ghost coming to visit.
Ryan : Mediums are the ones that can see ghosts, right, Castle?
Castle : Yes, psychics can tell the future.
Castle : Mediums can tell the future and talk to the dead.
Beckett : That's like saying psychics are con artists,
Beckett : and mediums are con artists and charlatans.
Beckett : I mean, in the end, they're all just fakes.
Castle : You sound pretty certain of yourself.
Beckett : That's because when I started as a cop,
Beckett : I wasted a lot of time on clairvoyants calling tip lines
Beckett : with information that never led to anything.
Beckett : I mean, I'm surprised you're so gullible.
Castle : I'm not saying I can speak with the dead.
UNK: I'm just willing to admit that there are people in this world
Castle : who are more sensitive than me.
Beckett : Now, that's not hard to believe.
Castle : Walked right into that one.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Miss Marchand, do you know of anyone
UNK: that might have wanted to harm your mother?
Penny : She was a very spiritual person.
Penny : She didn't have any enemies.
UNK: A witness saw a tall, dark-haired man leaving here around 2 : 30 yesterday.
Beckett : Does that sound like anyone your mother knows?
Beckett : When was the last time you two talked?
UNK: Around 1 : 00.
Penny : She said she had her last client of the day,
Penny : and then she was going to spend the afternoon in meditation.
Beckett : Do you know the client's name?
UNK: No.
Penny : It was a mother and a daughter. Their names should be in her book.
Beckett : Well, there was a notation in her calendar at 3 : 00.
Beckett : The initials T.J.
Beckett : Does that mean anything to you?
Penny : No. I'm sorry I can't be more helpful.
Castle : Hey. I remember this case.
Castle : A guy's wife goes missing,
UNK: he seems genuinely distraught.
Castle : And then the cops find out he had a girlfriend,
Castle : and that his marriage was on the rocks.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Did your mother help on that case?
Penny : Yeah. She had a vision of him at a local bar,
Penny : with this pretty blonde named Amber.
Penny : So she went to the police with the information.
Penny : That's when they started looking at him as a suspect.
Castle : And then what happened?
Penny : He went to prison.
Castle : That case really put my mom on the map.
Castle : Did your mother continue offering the police help after that?
Penny : Yes. All over the country.
UNK: My mother helped put away over a dozen people
UNK: in the last 10 years.
UNK: So, here's the list all the people that Penny Marchand claims
Beckett : her mom helped to convict.
Beckett : Let's see if any of them are out of jail and still holding a grudge.
Ryan : On it. Vivien's one o'clock Monday clients are here.
UNK: They say they got a good look at the dark-haired guy who was in her office.
UNK: Their names are Paula and Marina Casillas.
UNK: Casillas. It's a good name.
Castle : Hard to possessive pluralize, though.
UNK: The Casillas-es-es car has broken down.
Castle : So they will be late for the symphony.
UNK: The Casillas-es-es... Casillas-es-es.
UNK: They're waiting for you in the lounge.
UNK: All right. Thanks.
UNK: Marina Casillas : Usually we're her last clients on Monday.
UNK: Marina Casillas : But when we left, there was a man there, waiting for Vivien.
UNK: Marina Casillas : She seemed surprised to see him, like he wasn't expected.
UNK: Marina Casillas : Oh, and he seemed upset. I could tell.
Beckett : Could you describe him?
Marina : He was wearing dark clothes.
Marina : He had black hair going gray at the temples.
UNK: Oh, and he... He had a scar on his face.
UNK: Paula Casillas : I think she called him Alfred.
UNK: Paula Casillas : Or was it Albert?
Beckett : Okay. Well, thank you both. You've been very helpful.
Castle : How long had you been going to see Vivien?
Paula : Four months.
Paula : My husband Emilio passed away in April.
Paula : We both miss him so much.
Castle : So she was helping you get closure.
Paula : Yes. Even at our first session,
Paula : Vivien already knew so much about my Emilio.
Castle : Like what?
Paula : Well, she knew he made vitamins for a living.
Paula : She knew he loved arroz con pollo.
Paula : She also knew he was a workaholic.
Marina : And that he even died at the office.
Marina : Vivien said she thought Daddy had something very important to tell us.
Marina : She was going to commune with his spirit last night.
Marina : Now we'll never know.
UNK: You're not gonna believe this.
Esposito : Vivien's daughter is pretty sure that Albert is Albert Moreno.
UNK: Albert "The Blade" Moreno?
Esposito : Former muscle for the Spilano crime family.