Adams : When she finally came out, I confronted her.
Adams : I called her a fake.
Adams : Cody told me to make it big, so I did.
Beckett : And what did Vivien do?
Adams : Mostly, she freaked.
UNK: Then she got in a cab and took off.
UNK: Cody dropped me at my apartment on 2nd and 45th
Adams : and I never saw her again.
Beckett : GPS puts Adams at his apartment at the time Vivien was murdered.
Beckett : Find me some witnesses that can verify that.
Ryan : You don't trust the GPS?
Beckett : No, those things can be tampered with.
Beckett : So, Vivien told her daughter that she was gonna be at the office all afternoon,
UNK: and then at 2 : 45, she takes a cab and leaves.
Beckett : To see T.J., whoever that is.
Beckett : Let's get a hold of Steve Adams' producer, Cody Donnelly.
Beckett : I want to see him and his footage of Vivien, first thing in the morning.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : I am so glad that you are home. You would not believe the day I had.
Martha : Oh, I think I got you beat.
Castle : Mother, what's wrong?
Castle : And why are you still engaged to Uncle Chet?
UNK: Richard,
Martha : Chet is dead.
UNK: What?
UNK: How?
Martha : I went to his apartment this morning, and his kids were there,
UNK: Boomer and Lotte.
Martha : They said he'd had a stroke in his sleep.
Martha : I mean, God, I... He was so young and...
Castle : Mother, I am so sorry.
UNK: So, Boomer and Lotte see the ring.
Martha : Naturally, they assume that their father and I are engaged.
Martha : And now they're worried about how I'll handle the news.
UNK: And, well, I spent the whole day with them receiving visitors.
Martha : And they kept telling me
Martha : how happy their father had been since we'd been together.
Martha : And how I was
Martha : the love of his life.
Martha : And there I was, about to break his heart.
Martha : And now they want me to give the eulogy.
Martha : I don't think I can.
Martha : Oh, Richard.
UNK: - Mom, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. - I know.
UNK: There she is! All right, I see her! Go get her!
Castle : Vivien Marchand, you remember me?
Beckett : Is that the footage from Cody Donnelly?
UNK: Yeah. He's waiting for you in interrogation.
Esposito : Where's Castle?
Beckett : He had some personal issues he had to deal with. What have we got?
UNK: It's going just like Steve Adams says.
UNK: Vivien comes out, he gets in her face...
UNK: She gets in the cab.
UNK: And we get a partial on the license plate.
Ryan : I'll run it down, see if I can find out where the taxi dropped her off.
Beckett : Turn it off. Turn it off.
Penny : Detective Beckett?
Beckett : Hi, Penny, what are you doing here?
Penny : Is there somewhere we could talk privately?
Castle : What's wrong? Did you remember something?
Penny : No, it's not that.
Penny : I'm afraid I wasn't completely honest with you the other day.
Penny : The fact is, I have a little bit of what my mother did.
Penny : Sometimes I have dreams that are meaningful.
Penny : Last night, I had a dream about you.
UNK: Okay.
Penny : And I can't really explain why,
Penny : but I feel very strongly that I'm supposed to tell you something.
Penny : Something important. Are you ready?
Beckett : - I'm ready. - Alexander.
Penny : - Alexander? - Alexander.
Penny : I don't know who he is, or what he means to you.
Beckett : - I don't know any Alexander. - You will.
Penny : You will meet an Alexander, and he will be extremely important to you.
Penny : At some future date, he may save your life.
UNK: Okay. Good to know.
Penny : Thank you, Detective.
Beckett : Thank you, Penny.
UNK: Candid-reality gold, mate.
UNK: Cody Donnelly : Cody Donnelly presents, famous mystery writer
UNK: Cody Donnelly : follows a tough but beautiful New York cop around for research.
Castle : She'd never go for it. She's a real...
Beckett : Mr. Donnelly, I appreciate you coming...