Castle : But do you think he was murdered?
Lanie : According to the ME's notes, in addition to the cause of death,
Lanie : which was massive heart failure,
Lanie : Casillas showed signs of alopecia, and his fingernails were thinning.
Castle : Which means what, exactly?
Lanie : I'd have to exhume the body and run some tests,
Lanie : but it could be toxic overdose of selenium.
Beckett : And what's selenium?
Lanie : It's a mineral that's naturally found in the body,
UNK: and in small amounts, it's good for you.
Lanie : They even sometimes add it to diet pills, health drinks.
Lanie : But too much of it can be poisonous.
Lanie : Health drinks.
Castle : Maybe it was also in the vitamins that the Casillas' made.
UNK: So that would mean it would be at the factory.
Beckett : Vivien told Toni that her husband knew about the affair with Emilio Casillas.
Castle : So, Toni's husband Nick works at the Casillas' company.
Castle : He would have easy access to the selenium, and to Emilio.
UNK: And didn't the Casillas' daughter say that her father died in the office?
Beckett : That's probably where he received the fatal dose.
Castle : So, Nick Johnston figures out his wife is sleeping with his boss...
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. ...and he poisons him.
UNK: And then Nick discovers that Vivien's on to him, and kills her, too.
UNK: Hey. So I just spoke to Nick Johnston's foreman.
UNK: He said that Nick clocked out early the day that Vivien died.
UNK: At 5 : 00.
UNK: But his wife said he didn't get home till at least 7 : 00.
UNK: That would've been plenty of time for him to get to Vivien's office,
Beckett : murder her, write the letter, all before the mail was picked up.
Beckett : But how did he find out that Vivien talked to Toni?
Beckett : Toni wouldn't have told him.
Esposito : Toni didn't. But Vivien did.
Esposito : The foreman said that Nick asked for the time off
Esposito : after he was visited by a woman.
Esposito : A woman who looked a lot like Vivien Marchand.
Castle : So Vivien was putting her plan into action.
Castle : She'd bring Nick down to her office,
UNK: then she'd call Cody Donnelly, have him bring his camera crew.
Castle : She would confront Nick about Emilio Casillas' murder
UNK: and capture it all on film.
Beckett : Vivien was about to solve Emilio's murder.
Beckett : And then be returned to her former glory
Beckett : as New York's most famous psychic medium.
Castle : It's a pretty bold move.
Beckett : But how did she get on to Emilio's murder in the first place?
Castle : How many times do I have to say it?
UNK: She was a psychic.
Esposito : I'm sorry, what?
UNK: Psychic.
Ryan : Or maybe just very intuitive. According to Vivien's notes,
Ryan : Paula said Emilio had been working longer hours
Ryan : in the months before his death. She wrote, "Affair?"
Esposito : She also wrote this,
UNK: "Starburst Hotel."
Esposito : It's the closest place to Emilio's office that rents by the hour.
Ryan : The manager there said Vivien came by last week.
Ryan : He confirmed to Vivien
Ryan : that the lovebirds had been regulars early this year,
UNK: and she gave him 200 bucks for his trouble.
Castle : Okay. But how does Vivien go from
UNK: "affair" in general to "affair with Toni Johnston"?
Castle : That, my friends, is a pretty big leap.
Castle : - Yeah. - Yeah.
Ryan : That is until you see the picture.
Ryan : This is from Vivien's research.
Ryan : This is Toni in the red dress, and Emilio next to her,
Ryan : at the company's last Christmas party.
Ryan : Pretty cozy, huh?
Castle : Where did she get this?
Ryan : There's a bulletin board at the Casillas' vitamin factory,
Ryan : where employees post pictures. She could have taken it from there.
Beckett : So Vivien suspects that Emilio is a cheater.
Beckett : She gets a hold of his autopsy file,
Beckett : starts thinking that maybe his cheating got him killed.
Beckett : And she starts doing her usual research to prove her theory.
Beckett : And all of this investigation leads her right back to Nick Johnston.
Castle : She had it all worked out.
Castle : Right up until that awkward moment where Nick Johnston stabbed her
Beckett : in the neck with an ice pick and fed her to the couch.
UNK: Nick Johnston : You've got the wrong guy. I didn't kill that psychic.
Beckett : We know she came to see you.
UNK: Yeah, she said she needed to talk to me in private.
UNK: Said it was urgent, had something to do with my wife.
Nick : So I punched out early and went uptown to her office.
Beckett : And what did you do when you got there?
Nick : Nothing. The door was locked. I pounded on it for 10 minutes.
Nick : Nobody answered. I figured she was blowing me off, so I went home.
Beckett : That's a pretty convenient story.
Nick : It's the truth.
Beckett : Okay, why don't we start talking about Emilio Casillas?
Nick : What about him?
UNK: You knew that he was sleeping with your wife.
Nick : They thought they were being so careful, but yeah, I knew.