Beckett : What are you doing here?
Castle : For the record, I was going to say, "big rule follower."
Castle : I was not discussing the case, I swear to God.
Castle : and Cody here was admiring the billboards.
UNK: Is that your smoking-hot silhouette on the posters, then?
UNK: No.
Beckett : So, Mr. Donnelly, where did you go after you left Vivien's office?
Donnelly : After we got all that great footage, I dropped Steve off at his place.
UNK: Around 3 : 30 or so.
UNK: That was just before Vivien Marchand called me.
Beckett : Really? And what did she want?
Donnelly : To save what was left of her career.
Donnelly : I mean, she knew the film I had on her was damaging.
Donnelly : She said if I buried it, she'd give me something better.
Castle : Better, like what?
Donnelly : Better, like murder.
Beckett : You see, Vivien said she was hot on a killer.
UNK: She said it was bigger than Steve Adams. This time, there was a body.
UNK: She was gonna let me film the moment
UNK: that she confronted the soon-to-be-accused.
Donnelly : She said that she had to confirm one last suspicion.
Donnelly : And that I had to be ready to go at a moment's notice
UNK: 'cause we were gonna catch a killer.
Castle : And when was this confrontation going to take place?
Donnelly : Straight away.
Donnelly : I got an urgent text about two hours later.
Donnelly : I gathered up my crew, including security, thinking this was it.
UNK: And then when I called her back, no answer.
Donnelly : I'm guessing she was already dead.
Castle : Any news on Vivien's hunt for a murderer?
Beckett : Well, she had several clients who came to her
Beckett : because of unsolved crimes in the family.
Beckett : But the ones that we talked to said
Beckett : that their cases are just as cold now as when they first came to her.
Ryan : Hey, I found the cab.
UNK: The driver says he took Vivien to a residence at 112th and Riverside.
Ryan : Doorman says he remembers Vivien going up to apartment 2C.
Ryan : It's rented to Nick and Toni Johnston.
Ryan : Toni Johnston.
UNK: T.J.
Castle : If Vivien came to see Toni Johnston the day she died,
Castle : it had to have been about something important,
Castle : like this killer she was chasing.
Castle : But you'll probably say it was just a coincidence.
Beckett : Castle, why is it so important to you
Beckett : that I believe all this stuff about fates and psychics and Santa Claus?
UNK: Because
Castle : if you don't believe in even the possibility of magic,
Castle : you'll never ever find it.
UNK: Toni Johnston : Can I help you?
Beckett : Toni? I'm Detective Kate Beckett and this is Richard Castle.
Toni : Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Toni : I'm so stressed out. I can't believe this is happening.
Beckett : So you know that Vivien was murdered?
Toni : When I saw the paper yesterday, I nearly puked up my oatmeal.
Beckett : Why did Vivien come to visit you on Monday?
Toni : Look, this is all very personal and private and it involves my sex life.
Toni : Will you promise to keep it confidential?
Penny : - I... - Absolutely.
UNK: Okay. Earlier this year, I did a terrible thing.
Toni : I had an affair with my husband's boss.
UNK: Very discreet. No one ever knew about it.
Toni : That's why Vivien called me.
Castle : She knew about the affair?
Toni : She called me out of the blue.
Toni : She knew we met at the company Christmas party,
UNK: that we used to rendezvous at the Starburst Hotel. Everything.
UNK: Extraordinary.
Toni : I know, right? I mean, my mind was totally blown.
Beckett : An affair? Ms. Johnston, did Vivien ever talk to you about murder?
Toni : No. She just told me she knew how I had cheated on Nick,
Toni : my husband, and then she asked me a lot of questions about him.
Castle : What kind of questions?
Toni : She asked if he had a temper, and if I felt safe.
Toni : She was sure Nick did know about the affair.
Toni : Vivien said the spouse always knows.
Castle : Did she ever say how she knew all of this?
Castle : All of this incredibly personal information,
Castle : the details of which could not be readily found in a hall of records
Castle : or through an Internet search?
Toni : Oh, yeah. The guy I was cheating with, he told her everything.
UNK: You know, I'm gonna have to speak with him.
Toni : Oh, you can't. I mean, you can't, he's dead.
Toni : That's why we stopped seeing each other.
Toni : He died last April. Heart attack.
Beckett : You're telling me that your dead lover told Vivien about your affair.
Toni : That's right. She said Emilio came to her in a dream.
UNK: Emilio?
Toni : Emilio Casillas.
Castle : Your lover was Emilio Casillas?
UNK: Well?
Lanie : Emilio Casillas' autopsy file makes for some very interesting reading.