Lanie : And her cell phone was in her hand.
Lanie : She may have tried to dial for help before she expired.
Lanie : The digits match the beginning of her daughter's phone number,
UNK: 1-7-1-8-5-5...
UNK: 7-1-8-5.
Castle : Those are the numbers from the letter.
Castle : They're in a different order, but those are the same numbers!
UNK: Oh, go on. Go on, say coincidence.
UNK: Coincidence.
Castle : I'm just saying it's irrefutable. That's all.
UNK: It is not irrefutable, Castle.
Beckett : As a matter of fact, it is completely refutable.
Castle : Okay. Go on. Refute me.
Beckett : Okay, how about this?
Beckett : Vivien is dialing her daughter's number.
Beckett : Our killer comes in, stabs her in the neck, picks up the phone,
Beckett : drops it into the sofa after her
Beckett : and then puts the numbers into the letter
Beckett : along with the rest of the fake predictions.
UNK: Refuted.
Castle : No one types a number into a cell phone, anymore.
Esposito : Preliminaries on the letter aren't giving us much.
Esposito : There are no usable prints and no DNA.
UNK: And the pick up at the mail drop in Vivien's building is 6 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : Time enough for the killer to have written it and mailed it
Beckett : after she was dead.
Castle : But why? Why go through all that trouble?
Beckett : To keep us spinning wild theories and chasing after men dressed in black
Beckett : instead of following hard evidence.
UNK: I mean, come on, Castle. The letter's not even signed.
Esposito : Actually, I talked to Penny Marchand about that.
UNK: She says it's possible her mother would type a letter and not sign it,
UNK: in case her prediction was wrong.
Esposito : She wouldn't want anybody selling her mistakes on the Internet.
Beckett : But we still can't prove that Vivien actually wrote the letter.
Castle : Until her other predictions come true.
Esposito : Yeah, I'm just...
Ryan : Good, you're back.
UNK: I think I got something.
Ryan : Remember Vivien's first big case?
Beckett : Yeah, the guy with the missing wife and the blonde girlfriend named Amber?
Ryan : His name is Steve Adams.
UNK: Unis are bringing him up, right now.
Ryan : They never found his wife's body.
Ryan : He did seven years for second degree.
Ryan : They released him two months ago on parole,
Ryan : only after he agreed to wear an anklet with a tracking device.
Ryan : So, I called his PO and he sent over this.
Beckett : The GPS readout puts Steve at Vivien's address Monday afternoon.
Beckett : So, Vivien finishes with Paula and Marina Casillas at 2 : 00.
Beckett : Albert Moreno exits out the back door at 2 : 30.
UNK: And now it's time for her 3 : 00 p.m. with T.J.
UNK: Steve Adams was there from 1 : 36 to 2 : 48,
UNK: waiting for his opportunity.
Beckett : So he waits there until she's alone,
Beckett : jumps her, stabs her and then stuffs her in the couch.
UNK: Steve Adams : This is harassment!
UNK: Steve Adams : I haven't done anything wrong!
UNK: Right through here. Calm down.
Castle : He's wearing all black.
Beckett : It's gotta be a coincidence.
Castle : Or black is the new guilty.
Adams : I didn't kill her.