Beckett : So what did you do?
UNK: Nothing.
Beckett : Seriously, Nick?
Beckett : Do you actually expect me to believe that you just sat by
Beckett : and let your boss take your wife away from you?
Beckett : Do you think I'm that dumb?
Castle : She's not that dumb.
Nick : I guess it doesn't matter now. I...
Nick : When I found out, I went to Emilio and I asked him to stop seeing her.
Castle : And what happened?
Nick : He said no.
Nick : He was in love with her. I threatened to tell his wife,
Nick : and he just said, "Do what you gotta do."
UNK: So I decided that I wasn't gonna do his dirty work for him.
Nick : If he wanted to leave his wife of 30 years,
Nick : then he should just be a man and do it himself.
Nick : But I wanted to save my marriage, so I kept my mouth shut.
Nick : Two weeks later, Emilio was dead.
Beckett : And you did nothing to help that along. Is that what you're saying?
Nick : Help what along? He had a heart attack.
Nick : The stress of being a lying, cheating asshat finally did him in.
UNK: Penny Marchand is here. She says it's urgent.
Beckett : Penny, what is it?
Penny : Detective, I have something important to tell you.
Beckett : Penny, is this about the mystery man?
Beckett : Because I really don't know any Alexander.
UNK: Alexander?
Beckett : Yeah, I'll tell you about it later.
Beckett : Penny, I'm in the middle of a very...
Penny : Detective, you have to listen to me.
Penny : I know who murdered my mother.
UNK: So, let me just get this straight.
Beckett : You're telling me that you had a dream
Beckett : that your mother was murdered by the Freemasons?
Penny : In the dream, I was having dinner with my mother in a Masonic Hall.
Penny : She was very concerned. She kept pointing to men around the room
Penny : and saying, "Ask the Masons what happened.
UNK: "That's the only way you'll get closure."
Beckett : Where are we?
Ryan : Steve Adams' alibi checked out.
Esposito : What about Nick Johnston?
Beckett : Well, I told him not to take any trips out of town
Beckett : until we got this sorted out.
Castle : Well, the good news is, with this Freemasons lead,
UNK: we have a whole new crop of suspects.
Beckett : - Freemasons? - Freemasons?
Beckett : Ignore him.
Beckett : So, Paula and Marina Casillas.
Beckett : If they knew that Emilio was cheating, that would be motive.
Castle : Maybe they found out that Vivien was investigating his death.
Beckett : But they were Vivien's clients.
Beckett : Why would murderers go to a psychic for closure?
Ryan : They also have an alibi for the evening Vivien was killed.
Ryan : Uniforms canvassed the restaurant where they were dining with friends.
UNK: They were there from 5 : 00 p.m. till after 7 : 00.
Beckett : Was this restaurant anywhere near Vivien's office?
Ryan : Yeah, around the corner. A new place. Mason's.
UNK: "Ask the Masons and they will give you closure."
Beckett : Let's not get carried away.
Castle : Ask the Masons, please. Just this once.
UNK: Believe.
Esposito : You know what's going on here?
Ryan : - No, not really. - Me neither.
Beckett : No matter what happens, we will never speak of this again.
Beckett : Hello. This is Detective Kate Beckett with the NYPD.
Beckett : Could I speak with the owner, please.
Beckett : Hello, Mr. Mason.
Beckett : I have a couple of questions to ask you.
Beckett : Mrs. Casillas, whose idea was it
Beckett : to go and visit Vivien Marchand in the first place?
Paula : We have had a very long day.
UNK: Please just answer the question.
Marina : It was my idea. Mother thought it cost too much,
Marina : but I missed Daddy so much that I was willing to try anything.
Beckett : And when she knew so many private things about your father?
Marina : It was almost like being with him. Like he was in the room with us.
UNK: The night Vivien Marchand was murdered,
Beckett : the two of you went to dinner with friends at Mason's.
Marina : That's right. It's a new place. My mother wanted to try it.
Beckett : The waiter confirmed that you were there from 5 : 00 until 7 : 30.
Beckett : How was your meal?
Beckett : Did you order wine with dinner?