Chase : We both could.
Cameron : Once I'm sure he's really on the case,
Cameron : then we're out of here.
Cameron : And these legs, and every other part of me, will be all yours.
Cameron : He's seen three different specialists.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Almost as interesting as you trying to step into Kutner's shoes
House : just days after he stepped out of them.
Cameron : I am not shoe shopping,
Cameron : I'm just trying to repay a favor to his referring doctor.
Thirteen : What's the mystery?
Thirteen : The nutcase spends all his free time wreaking havoc at toxic waste dumps.
Cameron : Tox screen's negative.
Cameron : No neurological, muscular or cardiovascular abnormalities.
Foreman : The guy cares about the environment, that makes him a nutcase?
Taub : He's a single guy in his 20s,
Taub : he cares about getting his hybrid waxed by girls
Taub : who care about the environment.
Foreman : See? Not a nutcase.
Taub : He's probably just faking so he can sue the cops
Taub : and get a six-figure settlement.
Cameron : If he was trying to fake an illness,
Cameron : why would he consent to be seen by the best diagnostician in the country?
UNK: Now look who's trying to get her hybrid waxed.
House : We need to do a vestibular caloric test,
House : see if the balance problem starts above or below the neck.
House : And when I say "we," I mean you.
House : You're the one with a favor to repay, not them.
Cameron : I'm going to be injecting ice-water in your ear canal.
Cameron : If the resulting eye movements are at all erratic,
UNK: then the balance problem's in your inner ear.
Doug : Those in every room?
Cameron : I think so.
Doug : Can you get rid of them? Preferably from every room?
Doug : They use over 30 pesticides to grow commercial flowers.
Doug : You'd think the medical industry would be a lot more...
Cameron : Concerned with medicine?
Cameron : Let's fix your body, then you can go back to fixing the Earth.
Cameron : This is gonna get a little uncomfortable.
Doug : I just spent 14 hours chained to a tire.
Cameron : Most doctors would recommend...
Doug : Our planet's headed for destruction.
UNK: Coastlines underwater, a million species extinct.
UNK: Whoa! Feels like I'm tumbling head over heels.
UNK: It's normal. Sometimes this test causes vertigo
Cameron : and nausea.
House : Cameron just brought me a case.
Wilson : Cameron is happy in the ER.
Wilson : There's no way she wants her nose back on your grindstone.
UNK: Egg-white omelet, no bacon, whole-wheat toast.
House : I say it's not my grindstone she's after,
House : and not her nose she wants on it.
House : She and Chase are practically living together.
House : What did you just order?
Wilson : An omelet.
House : Since when do you pass on the swine?
House : And wheat toast? Might as well eat a sheet of sandpaper.
Wilson : Yes, but I don't like eating the same thing two days in a row.
House : Your bro's nurse not loving the love handles?
Wilson : I'm just not in the mood for bacon,
Wilson : and you are obviously trying to avoid talking about Kutner,
Wilson : which is odd because you spent a whole week obsessing about why...
House : He's no longer on my team.
House : I'm sorry he's no longer on my team.
UNK: There's nothing else to talk about.
Wilson : You're wearing the watch he gave you for Secret Santa.
House : Five functions, including a stopwatch
House : to time how long it takes you to ask me if I'm okay.
Wilson : You gonna order?
House : Not hungry.
Taub : It's just weird. She's brought cases before,
Taub : but he's never made her run the tests.
Thirteen : Maybe he's looking for someone to mother him after what happened.
Foreman : The only kind of mothering House wants
Foreman : involves a bullwhip, leather diapers and a credit card.
Taub : Mommy's home.
Cameron : Test made the patient lose his lunch, but his calorics are normal,
Cameron : his inner ear is fine and he still can't balance himself.
Taub : How many normal test results do we need
Taub : to know the patient's a granola-filled phony?
Cameron : He's not lying about his symptoms.
Taub : And you know this because...
House : She changed her shoes.
House : If he was faking, he'd have vomited on the other side of the bed.
Foreman : Sparring with the police and chaining yourself up for days can cause stress.
Foreman : Stress screws with the heart and arteries.
Foreman : Carotid atherosclerosis could cause a loss of balance.