Foreman : Brittle bones wouldn't cause hiccups,
Foreman : plus we'd have seen abnormal coloring in the sclerae.
House : Which leaves cancer.
Foreman : Since when does bone cancer cause hiccups?
House : Which means it's a bone cancer.
Foreman : Or it's not cancer.
Thirteen : House is right. It'd be hard to find a guy outside Chernobyl
Thirteen : who'd been exposed to more carcinogens,
Thirteen : pesticide plants, nuclear waste sites.
House : Tell Chase to repair the break.
House : You two prep him for chemo.
Foreman : You want to blast him with chemo for a cancer we don't even know he has?
UNK: No. I want to blast him with chemo for a cancer that explains the symptoms.
Chase : Intramedullary nail.
Foreman : Hold on.
Chase : That your House imitation? Some late-breaking epiphany?
UNK: Just need you to get a bone biopsy before you insert the pin.
Chase : For a broken leg?
Foreman : House is prepping him for chemo.
Foreman : Thought it might be worth checking for cancer before pumping him full of poison.
Chase : Does Cameron agree with House?
UNK: Cameron's not on the case anymore.
UNK: Oh.
House : Still enjoying your day off, I see.
Foreman : Why are you prepping him for chemo?
House : The more interesting question is, why do you care?
Cameron : You're not even sure that it's...
House : What I mean is, why do you care from here?
House : You can monitor the patient from home.
House : What's the difference between here and home?
Cameron : You're not at my home.
Cameron : This has nothing to do with...
House : Any other differences?
UNK: Hmm.
House : There's less medical equipment, more training bras,
House : and more Vegemite sandwiches.
House : Actually, technically, right now Chase is here,
House : but that's because I called him and you didn't know that,
House : and it's irrelevant to my point, which is you and Chase are over.
Cameron : You are wrong.
House : You decided that his single drawer of clothes is one drawer too many.
House : But you don't have the guts to tell him,
House : so you're emotionally walking away instead of actually walking away,
UNK: which is stupid because only one of those is good for your heart.
Cameron : He's gonna ask me to marry him.
Cameron : I was looking for some thick socks, found the ring.
House : And you want to say no.
House : So I circle right back to his single drawer of clothes...
Cameron : I don't want to say anything. I don't want him to ask.
Cameron : Not now.
Cameron : Kutner... We're all a little freaked out.
Cameron : We go home, we just want to hug someone.
UNK: We just want to know everything's gonna be okay.
Cameron : I don't want him to propose just because he's scared.
UNK: Oh.
Husband : She's got a headache, fever, she's completely exhausted.
Husband : Tell him about your chest, honey.
Husband : Her breasts are really tender.
House : You guys have a hot tub?
UNK: No.
UNK: So you must go to the gym a lot?
Husband : Not in years.
UNK: But maybe when you travel on business, you zip on down
House : to that complimentary hotel spa.
UNK: No.
House : Sorry, did you just say yes?
UNK: What the hell is wrong with her?
Cuddy : Got a minute?
Cameron : He doesn't. What's wrong with her?
House : Sorry, I'm sure she's got a medical crisis,
House : and I need more time to figure out some leading questions for your wife.
Cuddy : What's going on with Cameron?
House : She doesn't want back on my team, and she doesn't want to jump me.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: What?
House : You ask a question, I rule out two possibilities, and you're satisfied?
House : That means you don't want an answer,
House : you just wanted to know there wasn't a particular answer.