Doug : Three weeks ago. Our anniversary.
Doug : I missed the dinner to be at that rally.
Doug : You planned it for months. You were mad, really mad.
Doug : I bought you flowers. I brought them home.
Doug : You were gone, so was your suitcase.
Doug : I tossed them, bought you the earrings.
UNK: Roses?
UNK: Yes.
House : You have sporotrichosis. It's an infection from the thorn of the rose,
House : which by any other name is still a cheap marital aid.
Doug : The flowers are what gave me...
House : Lesion on your eighth cranial nerve knocks out your balance,
House : another on your phrenic nerve gives you serial hiccups.
House : We then spread it to your bones and heart with steroids
House : and insulin-like growth factor.
Franni : Please tell us that this is good news.
House : It's good news for him, it's good news for future generations.
House : It's crappy news for you. He's gonna be fine.
House : And he'll never doubt himself again.
Cameron : There you go.
House : Damn. I was hoping to interrupt something.
House : Your favor's repaid, patient's cured.
House : He's already packing for another Earth Day extravaganza next week.
Cameron : He almost died. He can't take a few days at home with his family?
House : People only change after a trauma if they wanted to change before the trauma.
House : Or if they've watched too many After School Specials.
Cameron : You talking about Chase?
House : I'm talking about you.
House : You lost husband number one, no surprise that the death of a colleague
House : would make you question another long-term lease.
Cameron : You teaching commitment classes?
Cameron : 'Cause I thought you were too busy with your lecture...
UNK: I'm sure that was going to be hysterical.
UNK: Let me just give you the Cliff Notes.
UNK: Don't try to dump him by dumping cases on me.
Cameron : I told you, I never wanted to dump Chase.
UNK: Absolutely. You wanted him to dump you.
House : It's totally different, much less guilt.
House : Either way, you're out of reasons to avoid him.
House : Kutner was a pretty dumb one to begin with.
Cameron : I should never have postponed our vacation.
Cameron : I should never have planned it.
Cameron : I found the ring in your sock.
Cameron : I didn't want you to propose out of some sort of knee-jerk reaction
Cameron : to what happened to Kutner.
Chase : Well, I guess you don't have to worry about that anymore.
Cameron : I'm not. I...
Cameron : I don't care how it happens, I just want it to happen.
Chase : Are you proposing to me?
Cameron : I'm proposing that
Cameron : you propose to me.
Chase : After I broke up with you? After you ruined my planned proposal?
Chase : You expect me to...
Cameron : I'm not expecting.
UNK: I'm hoping.
UNK: Yes.
Amber : Solved another case,
Amber : busted Wilson.
UNK: Amber continues : Looks like you're not losing it after all.