Castle : You know you can just take the SIM card out, right?
Castle : I lose more phones in this line of work.
UNK: If I wanted to just walk away, you'd let me, right?
Slaughter : Having second thoughts?
Castle : I think that's reasonable, given your history.
Slaughter : You mean given our history.
Slaughter : Hey! Hey! Freeze!
Slaughter : Stay with the kid, Sherlock.
UNK: Whoa. Relax, relax. We're not here to hurt you.
Louis : Please... Please, stay away from me.
Slaughter : Come here.
Slaughter : You're okay. Come on.
Castle : We're just trying to figure out what happened to Victor.
Louis : I didn't kill him. I swear.
Castle : Hey, hey.
UNK: No one's saying you did, okay?
UNK: Really?
Slaughter : Not your proudest moment, huh?
Castle : I don't think he did it.
Slaughter : Sure he did.
Castle : You didn't see his face.
Castle : He was scared and young.
UNK: That's not the face of a killer.
Slaughter : We're all killers, Castle,
UNK: when push comes to shove. Come on!
Slaughter : Do I still have to play nice?
Martha : - No. - Good.
UNK: Now, you're gonna tell me what you're doing here
UNK: or I'm gonna pull your dipstick up to your chin like a zipper.
Eddie : Okay, I came for the kid.
UNK: Why?
Eddie : 'Cause he's the key.
Slaughter : - I'm going to start zipping. - No, wait.
UNK: Look, I work for a crew that specializes in high-end B&E's.
Eddie : Run by a guy named David Lacey.
Slaughter : I know Lacey. He gives sociopaths a bad name.
Castle : So you guys helped Victor steal the microchip?
UNK: No.
Slaughter : See, now he's insulting our intelligence.
Slaughter : Go get the shower curtain. This is gonna get a little messy.
UNK: No, it's true.
Eddie : Victor and the kid pulled off the microchip job alone.
Eddie : To send a message.
Castle : What kind of message?
Eddie : Victor was going around town
Eddie : boasting that he had the key to any lock.
Castle : Meaning Louis.
Eddie : The kid invented a device that could disarm any alarm system,
Eddie : no matter how complex.
Eddie : So breaking into the Booth Tower
Eddie : put the town on notice that Victor's services
Eddie : were available to the highest bidder.
Castle : So Victor was using Louis.
UNK: Only your boss, Lacey, wasn't interested in paying Victor's price.
Castle : So Victor ends up dead, you come here, pick up the kid free of charge.
UNK: Slaughter!
Ryan : Put your hands up right now!
Esposito : Do it! Now!
Slaughter : Easy with that. It's a little more weapon