Slaughter : Everything okay, Sherlock?
UNK: - Who you talking to? - Oh, just my mommy...
UNK: Mother. Just my mother.
Castle : I'm sorry, Mother, what were you saying?
Ryan : We're headed to you right now.
Castle : You're going to the club? How long till you get there?
Ryan : We're five minutes away.
Esposito : So just play it cool.
Ryan : Yeah, don't let on that you're talking to us.
Castle : Yeah. No problem.
Slaughter : That ain't your mom.
Slaughter : It's Elvez and Lucky Charms, isn't it?
Castle : - There's a slight problem. - Give me that phone.
Slaughter : What are you, Inspector Gadget? This is a gun, not a pen.
Slaughter : You don't keep it in your desk, you strap it to your side.
Slaughter : Or in your case, keep it in your purse.
Castle : Please, don't kill me.
UNK: I'm not gonna kill you.
Castle : Is that what you told Victor before you buried a knife in his neck?
Slaughter : That wasn't me.
Castle : Then why were your fingerprints all over the murder weapon?
UNK: I gave Victor that knife as a thank-you.
UNK: A thank-you...
UNK: Flowers are a nice thank-you gift.
Castle : A giant Rambo knife, that's psychotic.
Slaughter : Different strokes. But it's the truth.
UNK: Just turn yourself in to the boys. They'll treat you fairly.
Slaughter : It ain't that simple.
Slaughter : I may have hit Victor a few times yesterday morning
Slaughter : when he wouldn't Iook into that burglary for me.
Slaughter : But I didn't kill him.
Castle : Says the man holding a gun on me.
Slaughter : Here, take it. Take it!
Slaughter : I didn't tell you any of this before because I know how it looks.
Slaughter : You didn't doubt for a second that I killed Victor.
Slaughter : Neither will anyone else.
Slaughter : So the only way to clear my name is to find the real killer.
UNK: So...
Castle : why come to me?
UNK: 'Cause I got a lot of enemies.
Slaughter : What I don't got is a friend.
Slaughter : I need a friend, Sherlock.
Esposito : Where's Slaughter?
Castle : He's gone. He left a few minutes ago.
Ryan : - What happened? - He insisted he was innocent.
Castle : Said he gave that knife to Victor as a gift.
Castle : A gift?
UNK: What's wrong with a nice bottle ofwine?
UNK: I know, but, guys, I got to tell you,
Castle : he really seemed Iike he was telling the truth.
Ryan : Forget it.
Ryan : You can't trust a word ofwhat that guy says.
UNK: You above all people should know that, Castle.
UNK: It was only a matter oftime until he crossed the line and got caught.
Ryan : You're just lucky to be alive.
Ryan : Stay away from him.
Castle : I do not like lying to those guys.
Castle : But you were right. They're not going to give you the benefit of the doubt.
Slaughter : You're a good man, Sherlock.
UNK: Now we're neck-deep in this, together.
Castle : Then we better get to work.
Castle : Ryan and Esposito are good cops. They're going to find you.
UNK: AII right, let's go hang Trucco out a window
UNK: till he talks or we lose our grip.
Castle : So where is this guy?
Slaughter : My source says he'll be here.
Slaughter : Hey, any chance that smoking wife ofyours
UNK: is gonna come hunting for me, too?
UNK: It might be worth getting caught if she does the cuffing.
UNK: Um...
Castle : No. Beckett and I are sort of on a time-out right now.
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: So, uh, what happened?
Alexis : I don't know.
Castle : She just said she needed time to figure things out.
Slaughter : - Women. - Yeah.
UNK: Ifyou're looking for a rebound,
Slaughter : my cousin Shauna's got a nympho roommate.
UNK: Um, I'm good. I'm good, thanks.
UNK: AII right, suit yourself.
Slaughter : Nothing makes a woman want you more than moving on.
Castle : Okay, conversation's over.
Castle : And another thing.
Castle : This time, you need me, so we're gonna play by my rules.