Ryan : You think we enjoy this?
UNK: Hey, thanks for coming for me.
Louis : Victor wasn't wrong about you.
Slaughter : Yeah, but I was wrong about Victor.
Slaughter : He was a crappy role model.
UNK: And you're a crappy singer.
Slaughter : Hey, you nail Lacey and his crew?
UNK: Yeah, they'll be doing some serious time
Ryan : for kidnapping and attempted murder.
Slaughter : Whoa. why aren't they getting charged with actual murder?
Castle : Because none of them killed Victor.
Esposito : They were at a restaurant in SoHo at the time ofVictor's homicide.
Slaughter : So we're right back to square one?
Castle : Not necessarily.
Castle : Louis, is there anything you can remember about Victor's death?
Louis : Nothing. I swear.
Ryan : But you and Victor, you did use your device
Ryan : to break into Booth Tower and steal that microchip, right?
Louis : Victor came to me with the idea.
UNK: AII right, he was sick of living paycheck to paycheck.
Louis : Promised to split the profit
Louis : that we got from selling the chip to Booth's competitor.
UNK: And I could take care of my mom for once.
UNK: But when he didn't show up for the chip, I didn't know what to do.
Castle : Wait, you have the chip?
UNK: Now, was that part of the plan?
UNK: No. And when we were leaving the tower,
Louis : Victor started getting all weird.
Esposito : Why? what happened?
Alexis : I don't know. But he deviated from our plan.
Louis : He told me to hang on to the chip, and that he would catch up later.
UNK: He said he had to take care of some business.
UNK: That was probably part of the bigger score.
Louis : What bigger score?
Slaughter : Hate to tell you, kid,
UNK: that break-in was neverjust about stealing that microchip.
Slaughter : It was an advertisement to all the heist crews in town.
Castle : For your invention.
Castle : Victor was using you.
UNK: Mr. Booth : Hey, I need to speak to somebody in charge.
Ryan : Mr. Booth, I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
Booth : Oh. So that's the punk who broke into my building
UNK: and turned me into a late-night punch line, huh?
Esposito : We recovered your microchip.
Booth : Who cares? word in private.
UNK: Yes.
Booth : Gentlemen, as you know, I am a generous supporter of the NYPD.
Booth : Be it the Policeman's Ball, or the widows and Orphans' Fund...
Ryan : Mr. Booth, is there something you need from us?
Booth : A favor.
Esposito : - A discreet one, I take it. - Yes.
Booth : The money I'd lose if a rival brought a version
Booth : of that microchip to market before me
Booth : pales in comparison to the real fortune that punk kid stole from my building.
Esposito : What fortune is that?
UNK: Earlier today, $50 million was wired from a Cayman Islands account I have.
Booth : A private account.
Ryan : - You mean a secret account? - Yeah.
Booth : From my wife. It needs to stay that way.
Booth : So I need you to do whatever it takes
Booth : to recover my money, quietly, to avoid further scandal.
UNK: Do you understand?
Esposito : What makes you think this kid stole your money?
UNK: Well, who else could have?
UNK: The account number, the transfer codes,
Booth : they were kept in an electronic safe in my office
Booth : two floors up from the clean room where he stole the microchip.
Booth : I mean, the kid's a genius.
UNK: He's got a device that can open any lock, right?
Louis : I don't know anything about a Cayman account!
Louis : And I sure as hell didn't steal $50 million.
Esposito : Louis, come on, man, be straight with us.
UNK: Yeah, kid, ifyou took that money, first of all, impressive.
Slaughter : But more importantly, you got to fess up.
Louis : Look, it wasn't me!
Castle : Guys, I think he's telling the truth.
Castle : If Louis stole the money,
Castle : why would he go to Slaughter for help in the first place?
Castle : Why would we find him hiding in a warehouse?
Slaughter : Look, Sherlock's got a point here, kid's a genius.
UNK: With $50 million,
Slaughter : he'd drop off the face of the Earth before we could even blink.
Ryan : Okay, Louis, is it possible that Victor stole the codes from that safe?
Louis : No. No way.
Louis : He was with me every second we were inside that building.
Ryan : So, what are we saying here, someone else broke into that building, too?
UNK: Wait.
Castle : You said that when you and Victor left the building, he started acting strange,
Castle : broke from the original plan
Castle : - by giving you the microchip. - Yeah.
Castle : Well, maybe he did that because he saw something.
Esposito : Like what?
Castle : Something that made him think
Castle : that someone else was piggybacking on the burglary
Castle : to pull a heist of their own.
Castle : Who else knew about your plan?
Castle : No one.
Louis : At least not from me.
Slaughter : But maybe from Victor.
Louis : Hey, wait a minute.
Louis : When we accessed the building's service elevators in the basement,
Louis : Victor wedged the door open, but when we left, it was closed.
Louis : I assumed it was a draft.
UNK: It could've been a second thief.
UNK: Hot damn, that's got to be what spooked Victor.
Esposito : Maybe when Victor said that he had to take care of something first,
Esposito : it was to confront this piggyback thief.
Ryan : Which means whoever our second burglar was
Ryan : not only knew about the plan to rob Booth,
UNK: but also had knowledge ofwhere Booth kept those codes for his secret account.