UNK: But that's just gonna have to be for another time.
UNK: Ciao!
Slaughter : Cartel hit team.
Martha : Be strong, Richard.
Castle : In the sewers.
UNK: - Oh! Ah! - Slaughter! wait!
Castle : - I'm in. - Outstanding.
Castle : What's our first move?
Slaughter : Lower East Side, a guy I know named Victor Lee.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Victim's name is Victor Lee.
UNK: 30-year-old male. Died of exsanguination
UNK: Lanie Parish : from that giant knife in his neck.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Killed between 10 : 00 and 2 : 00 last night.
UNK: AII right, let's find out who Victor was talking to.
Esposito : What about that bruising on his face?
Lanie : That's older. Looks like someone worked Mr. Lee over
UNK: within the last 24 hours.
Esposito : Any hope of getting a print off that murder weapon?
UNK: Doubtful. Looks like it's been wiped clean.
Ryan : Hey, Espo.
Ryan : Guess who the last person our victim called was?
UNK: Do you know how hard it is for me to not say "your mama" right now?
UNK: Slaughter?
Slaughter : Hey. what the hell happened to my guy?
Esposito : Castle. Slaughter.
Esposito : This is not a pairing I would've expected.
Castle : - I know, right? - Huh?
UNK: I mean, together again. Yay!
Slaughter : - You got any leads? - Yeah.
Ryan : We got our victim calling you last night. Care to share what you talked about?
Slaughter : Victor was my CI.
Slaughter : Best damn snitch I ever had!
Slaughter : 'Cause he wasn't a criminal. He managed some burgerjoint.
Slaughter : But he grew up with a rogue's gallery of lowlifes.
Slaughter : Just too stupid not to keep bragging to him
UNK: about all the crimes they were committing.
Esposito : So what was he calling you about?
UNK: Uh, he was doing some digging on this burglary I'm investigating.
UNK: Well, it looks like that digging might have got him killed.
UNK: Are you saying this is my fault?
Castle : Was Victor talking to anyone else besides you?
Slaughter : No. He said he was gonna go meet someone.
Slaughter : He didn't give me the name.
UNK: AII right. Then our first step is to identify that guy.
Ryan : No, that's our job. This is a homicide investigation.
Slaughter : Tough! It was my case first.
Slaughter : Victor was my guy,
UNK: so we're gonna find the rodent that killed him, together.
Slaughter : Come on, Sherlock.
UNK: AII right. But, Slaughter,
UNK: you're gonna keep us in the loop on every move you make.
Alexis : Of course.
Slaughter : I'm a team player.
Slaughter : I totally lied to those guys.
Slaughter : I already got a line on who Victor might've met with last night.
Castle : Don't you think that's information
Castle : we should share with Ryan and Esposito?
Slaughter : Nah. Isn't this fun? You and me, together again.
Slaughter : Like Butch and Sundance.
Castle : You know they die at the end of the movie, right?
UNK: Yeah. what a way to go!
Dawn : I can't believe it. I just talked to him yesterday.
Castle : What did you talk to him about?
Dawn : Getting back together.
Dawn : We broke up a few months ago. I got sick of him not keeping his word.
Dawn : But he said it was going to be different this time.
Dawn : Told me he was about to come into some big money.
Dawn : We were talking about taking off together.
UNK: California.
Dawn : I always wanted to live on the beach.
UNK: Did he say where this "big money" was coming from?
UNK: No.
UNK: Would you excuse us for a second?
UNK: Do you think Victor might've been involved in stealing that microchip?
Slaughter : No way. He was a straight arrow.
Castle : I know you liked the guy,
Castle : but he was working a minimum wage job,
Castle : while all his criminal buddies were pulling in big cash.
Castle : Is it so impossible to believe that he might've given in to temptation?
Slaughter : Yeah, it's possible.
Slaughter : I just hate the idea he was playing me.
Castle : Did Victor say who he was meeting with last night?
Dawn : Some guy named Trucco.
Ryan : So I looked into Slaughter's burglary case.
UNK: The burglars made offwith a microchip for a next-gen cell phone.
Ryan : Prototype is worth north of a million bucks on the black market.
UNK: Vikram's looking into the database
Ryan : of known fences
Ryan : to find out who deals in that kind of loot.
Esposito : Yo. CSU managed to find a print on the murder weapon.
Esposito : It was hidden under the hilt of the knife.
Ryan : They get a match in the system?
Esposito : Yeah, they're sending it now.
Esposito : Here it is.
UNK: What?
Slaughter : Yeah. Got it.
Slaughter : Found Trucco, turns out he's a fence, specializing in high-tech.
UNK: What say we go shake his tree?
Castle : Sounds good.
UNK: Castle.
Ryan : Where are you?
Castle : At the office.
Ryan : - Is Slaughter with you? - Yeah.
Ryan : Listen, Castle,
Ryan : his prints were on the murder weapon.
UNK: Slaughterkilled VictorLee.