Slaughter : And what rules are those?
Castle : You're not going to hurt anybody,
Castle : you're not going to intimidate anybody,
Castle : you're not even going to raise your voice.
Castle : You do, and I'm out.
Slaughter : You're kidding, right?
UNK: No.
Slaughter : Okay. Deal.
Slaughter : Hey, Trucco!
Slaughter : Time to pay the piper, buddy.
Castle : Hey, hey, hey. what did I just say?
Booth : Huh? Oh.
UNK: Oh.
Slaughter : My apologies, Mr. Trucco.
Slaughter : My name is Detective Slaughter, this is Castle.
Slaughter : We'd like to have a little chat with you about a Victor Lee.
UNK: Brian Trucco : Never heard of him.
Slaughter : Mr. Trucco, we both know that you fence high-tech items for a living.
UNK: And that you had a deal with Victor Lee
Slaughter : to move a certain microchip that he stole.
Slaughter : Now, unless you want us to go check out your place
UNK: and see ifwe can find any stolen merchandise,
Slaughter : I strongly recommend you tell us what we want to know.
Alexis : And what's that?
Castle : Did you buy a stolen microchip
Castle : - from Victor last night? - No.
Slaughter : - Ass clown, I'll tear your face off... - Dude.
Slaughter : Please, sir, tell us the truth.
Trucco : I am.
Trucco : Look, Victor and his partner were supposed to meet me last night,
Trucco : but they never showed.
Castle : Who's his partner?
Trucco : I don't know. But from the way Victor talked about him,
Trucco : it seems like they weren't going to be partners for long.
Castle : - You thinking what I'm thinking? - Uh... Probably not.
Castle : That maybe Victor got greedy, tried to double-cross his partner?
Slaughter : And the partner might've killed him for it.
Slaughter : Nice going, Sherlock. See, we make a perfect team. Let's go.
Castle : - What was that? - What was what?
Ryan : Hey, check this out.
Ryan : Traffic cam caught Victor parked
Ryan : a block away from where the microchip was stolen.
Ryan : That is Victor right before the burglary.
Ryan : And there's someone with him.
Esposito : Must be a partner. Is there a better look?
UNK: Nope.
Esposito : What if that's Slaughter? I spoke to his captain.
Esposito : Slaughter was reassigned from gangs
Esposito : because a dealer accused him of pocketing 20K during a drug bust.
Esposito : Word is, Slaughter was about to be suspended,
Esposito : quite possibly kicked off the job.
Ryan : Which means bye-bye pension.
UNK: The microchip burglary might've been Slaughter's retirement plan.
UNK: And ifVictor tried to double-cross him...
UNK: Slaughter would've put him down.
Ryan : But why involve Castle in all of this?
Esposito : Maybe Victor hid the microchip before he died.
Esposito : Slaughter couldn't find it,
Esposito : and so he thought he could fool Castle into using his unique brain
Esposito : to help him find it.
Ryan : It's a good thing Castle's not dumb enough to fall for that.
Slaughter : So, where do you think the chip is?
UNK: IfVictor's partner didn't sell it to Trucco,
Castle : - then they probably still have it. - Ah-ha-ha-ha.
UNK: Oh, who's the talent?
Castle : Slaughter, this is Hayley.
UNK: Hi.
Slaughter : No wonder you weren't interested in that nympho roommate, huh?
Hayley : - I'm sorry, what? - No... Just forget it.
UNK: Um, Hayleyjust started working with me as a consultant.
Hayley : Yes, Rick has asked me to suss out the break-in at Booth Tower.
UNK: Oh, and she speaks British. That's hot.
Hayley : Wow. It's always a pleasure meeting one ofyour friends, Rick.
UNK: He's really not... Just...
Castle : Please ignore him. Did you find anything?
Hayley : Of course I did.
Hayley : So the security system at Booth Tower is definitely cutting-edge.
UNK: It would've taken a genius-Ievel digital locksmith
Hayley : to get through the several layers of the alarm system.
Slaughter : Genius? That sure as hell ain't Victor. Or anyone he hangs with.
Hayley : You sure about that?
Hayley : 'Cause I did some digging,
Hayley : and it turns out that Victor volunteered as a mentor
UNK: to an underprivileged 16-year-old boy named Louis Prince.
UNK: Now, I hacked Louis' records, and he has quite the history ofviolence.
UNK: Turns out he has been in and out of several juvenile detention facilities,
Hayley : and he was kicked out offour high schools.
Slaughter : Doesn't sound too smart to me.
Castle : - Is that his IQ? - Oh, yes.
UNK: 190.