Castle : We find that person, we find our killer.
Castle : We're missing something, gentlemen.
Castle : More specifically, we're missing someone.
Castle : A person who knew Victor and Louis were planning their heist,
Castle : and had intimate knowledge of Booth's finances.
Castle : We'll find our killer in the intersection of that Venn diagram.
UNK: Only question is, who could that be?
Castle : Oh, come on, Espo.
UNK: You're not really gonna charge Louis, are you?
Esposito : He broke the law, Castle. It's not Monopoly.
UNK: There's no get-out-of-jail-free card.
Slaughter : Grand theft.
Slaughter : Even though he's a minor, he's looking at real time.
UNK: The kid never stood a chance.
UNK: AII his life, he'd been taken advantage of by adults
Castle : who should be acting like his role models.
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : - What's up, man? You got something? - Uh... Oh, yeah.
Ryan : While questioning Mr. Booth about his Cayman Island accounts,
UNK: he told me that they were set up a mere five years ago.
UNK: Yeah?
Martha : - So? - So...
Ryan : Guess who worked at the accounting firm that originally set them up.
UNK: Mark West : I'm just glad you guys were able to find Louis
UNK: Mark West : before something horrible happened to him.
UNK: Yes, we got lucky. Please, have a seat.
UNK: Poor kid, he's been through so much.
West : You know, I'd like to testify as a character witness on Louis' behalf
UNK: when his case goes to trial.
UNK: That's very kind ofyou, Mr. west.
Esposito : But won't you be too busy with your own trial?
West : My trial? What are you talking about?
Ryan : We know.
West : You know what?
Ryan : Well, for starters, you didn't always work with at-risk youth.
UNK: No. I mean, I've had otherjobs. So?
Esposito : So, you were Mr. Booth's accountant,
Esposito : where you worked on his most sensitive matters.
Ryan : Like setting up tax shelters in offshore banks.
West : Well, yeah. But the work was unfulfilling, so I left
West : because I wanted to give back to the community...
Ryan : No, you wanted to give back to Mr. Booth's wife.
Ryan : But she didn't appreciate your sexual advances,
Ryan : so Mr. Booth fired your ass.
UNK: Yeah, you lost yourjob, you lost your pension,
Esposito : all those stock options.
UNK: AII right, listen, I know how this looks...
Esposito : Your reputation was ruined.
UNK: The onlyjob you could get was working with juvenile delinquents.
Slaughter : Not exactly the cushy life you were used to.
Esposito : So you heard about Louis' invention,
Esposito : and you saw not only a way to get back on top...
Ryan : But also get revenge on your former boss, who ruined your life.
Ryan : That's why you convinced Victor to pull that heist, didn't you?
UNK: So that you could go in right behind him
Esposito : and steal those Cayman Island bank codes.
West : Well, that is an imaginative story.
UNK: You got a surprise twist, revenge,
West : all that's missing is the proof.
Esposito : Like records of the bank transfers on your home computer?
Esposito : We got a warrant for your place, Mark.
Ryan : We also have a credit card receipt for a cab ride
Ryan : that you took to Victor's apartment on the night he was murdered.
Ryan : It's over, Mr. west.
West : Look, Victor wasn't supposed to know what I was doing.
UNK: AII right. But somehow he found out. And he confronted me at his apartment.
West : Now, I panicked. Okay? I...
West : I didn't mean to kill him.
UNK: I... You have to believe me. That was not...
Slaughter : Ah, come on, it ain't that bad, kid.
Slaughter : - We caught the bastard, didn't we? - Yeah.
Louis : But I'm still going to prison.
Louis : How much time am I looking at?
Slaughter : Maybe none.
Louis : What? How?
Slaughter : You're a good kid, Louis.
Slaughter : Too good to be rotting in a cell for a few bonehead decisions.
Slaughter : So from now on, I'm gonna personally see to it
UNK: that you got someone looking out for you.
UNK: That you got a cool role model.
Louis : You mean Mr. Castle?
UNK: No.
UNK: Me.
UNK: Really?
Slaughter : You bet.
UNK: First thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna use my pull
Slaughter : to get the Mayor to ask the DA to reduce your sentence
Slaughter : down to probation.
Louis : You've got that kind of clout with the Mayor?
Slaughter : Hell, no, but Castle does.
UNK: And I'm gonna see to it that he makes that call.
Slaughter : Or else.
UNK: So you're gonna beat up Mr. Castle if he doesn't do what you ask?
Louis : Some role model.
Slaughter : Yeah, you got a point.
Slaughter : Looks like the two of us are gonna have to do
Slaughter : some role modeling for each other.
Slaughter : Sound good?
UNK: Uh-oh. You've got that dumb look on your face again.
UNK: Um...
Alexis : I don't know. I'm just confused about Beckett.
Slaughter : That makes two of us.
Slaughter : I mean, how does a hot lady like that fall in love with a guy like you?
Slaughter : Especially when there's a real man like me running around.
UNK: Okay, Slaughter, you know, I'll take a lot of crap from you,
Castle : but not about Beckett. It's not a joke to me.
Slaughter : Just trying to get your attention, Sherlock.
Slaughter : Look, I don't know much,
Slaughter : what I do know is that lady has it bad for you.
Slaughter : And you feel the same.
Castle : Your point?
Slaughter : Whatever's going on with Beckett,
Slaughter : she shouldn't have to go through it alone.
Castle : Yes, well, I've tried. She won't let me in.
Slaughter : Then quit asking permission.
Slaughter : I lost my wife
Slaughter : because I wasn't man enough to put her needs ahead of mine.
Slaughter : Don't make the same mistake.
Castle : You know what, Slaughter,
Castle : for all your bluster and bravado,
Castle : you are actually a wise and, dare I say, sensitive...
UNK: whoa! Stop right there.
Slaughter : Only you could take two guys talking about a chick and make it weird.
Alexis : - Sorry. - Yeah.
UNK: Me, too. Every time.
Slaughter : Thank you.
Slaughter : Whatever, Sherlock.