Slaughter : - than you're used to. - Yeah.
Esposito : You have the right to remain silent.
Slaughter : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Heard it all before.
UNK: We're gonna need another unit to transport a second suspect. Thank you.
Castle : Espo. Espo, he didn't kill Victor.
Castle : And if my instincts are right, neither did Louis.
Castle : Which means there is a 16-year-old kid out there,
Castle : alone, with a very dangerous crew after him.
UNK: We're gonna need all hands on deck to find him.
UNK: It's not gonna happen, Castle. Slaughter's going in.
Esposito : And you're lucky I don't arrest you, too,
Esposito : for aiding and abetting.
Castle : - Espo, please. - No, Castle.
UNK: I'm not changing my mind on this. Ryan.
UNK: Ryan, where are we with that lead unit?
Slaughter : - What the hell? - I'm sorry.
Castle : I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that.
UNK: Whatjust happened?
Esposito : Castle just stole our murder suspect
Esposito : and our car.
Esposito : - What are you laughing at? - What are you laughing at?
Ryan : Javi, I think they know.
Esposito : They don't know.
UNK: The patrol unit totally bought our story about our car breaking down.
Esposito : Yo! Take him to holding.
Castle : - Thanks. - Hey. Come here.
Ryan : What happens when we don't get the car back
Ryan : to the motor pool at the end of our shift?
Ryan : I think we should call Beckett.
Esposito : And tell her what?
UNK: That her husband staged a jail break right under our noses?
Ryan : Well, technically, your nose.
Ryan : But that's not the point.
Ryan : We just need to find Castle and Slaughter.
Slaughter : We'll be safe here until we figure out our next move.
Castle : This can't be your place.
Slaughter : Why not?
UNK: Two reasons. One, we're both fugitives,
UNK: hiding in either of our apartments would be a terrible idea.
UNK: Iess Architectural Digest, more Guns & Ammo.
UNK: It's my ex-wife's. She's, uh, out oft own.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I had no idea you were married.
Castle : - What's her name? - Maddie.
Castle : And I take it Maddie's a fan of the opera?
UNK: She's a mezzo-soprano with the New York City Opera.
Castle : I'm sorry, Maddie? As in Madeleine Corday?
Castle : I've seen her perform.
Castle : She's an absolute revelation.
Castle : I just can't picture her
Slaughter : with you.
Castle : How would you even meet her?
UNK: College.
Slaughter : We had the same major...
Castle : You majored in opera singing?
UNK: No.
Slaughter : Musical theater.
UNK: Swat Member 1 : - You? - Yeah.
UNK: And ifyou tell anyone,
UNK: I'm gonna force-feed you your spleen, through your nose.
Castle : Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm trying to be scared.
Castle : I just keep picturing you doing jazz hands.
Esposito : Where's Castle?
Alexis : I have no idea.
Esposito : Don't lie to us. we're not in the mood.
Ryan : Yeah. we had to Uber here.
Hayley : What? where's your car?
UNK: That's not important.
Esposito : What is important is that we need to find him now.